VOLUME LXXXV.-NO. 32.
1899
A
CAR
NIVAL OF
NOISE USHERS
IN THE NEW YEAR
THAT hilarious joy which finds
vent only through the medium of
a tin horn became epidemic In
San Francisco last night, and the
result was that for six hours
thousands of otherwise respectable
citizens of all ages, sexes and condi
tions were seriously at work trying to
convince themselves in particular and
the world in general that they were
having a real good time.
In the early hours of the evening the
peripetatic vender of noise machines
held sway and was the sole peace dis
turber, but gradually bis persistent
blowing exercised a hypnotic control
over the pedestrians, and those who
had come downtown to see and hear re
mained to be seen and heard, and their
numbers increased to such an extent
that by 10 o'clock Market street pre
sented the appearance of being occu
pied by a cross between a Mongolian
wedding and an Indian funeral.
N-W Year's eve in San Francisco
Hair to be unique, which distinction
is arrived at through the peculiar and
varied noises with which the citizens
attest their fulsome gladness over the
expiration of another period of 365
days of doing something or somebody.
This New Year's eve achieved the dis
tinction of having a new noise. Our
closer relations .Vlth oriental countries
have evidently brought a bizarre as
sortment of musical instruments of the
five-keyed variety and these were
pressed Into service to enable cele
brants to maintain the city's reputation
In this particular.
The old tin horn— the Frisco horn—
those that are purchasable on special
.Uv-asious for a .nickel, and can't be
ei-w-;7-av.uy *7v Oil.*;. >^c*. W &•§
iii-edomlnant, pie-eminent and all-per
vading noise producers of the evening, j
but when the wielders of these instru- \
ments of nerve torture slackened in
their enthusiasm the melody of Chi
nese flutes, gongs, cowbells, Japanese
rattles, drums— any old thing that
Will produce sound— burst forth in its
full glory.
These variations In the symphony,
however, were few and far between, for
if there is any one thing which does not
tire the average San Franciscan on
New Year's ... it is blowing a tin
horn. It Is his special vocation and
he tills It in a manner that would be
perfectly satisfactory to the leader of
the orchestra In a Chinese theater. In
fact when it comes to proving the ex
uberance of joyousness by making a
noise that contains no music all China
town must hang Its diminished head in
the presence of last night's New Year's
eve crowd on the 'streets of San Fran
cisco.
As the evening waned and the new
year approached the fun became fast
and furious and the noise increased
proportionately until It seemed as if
I r approached the became fast
furious and the noise increased
portlcnately until it seemed as if
whole city had resolved itself. into
one vast voice that persisted in pro
claiming to the world that something
was happening. There have been other
New Year's eve in San Francisco
many of them celebrated just, as was
this one. But it is the opinion of a
perfectly unbiased onlooker who has
reached the stage of life where all is
vanity and vexation of spirit that the
celebration last night outshone, by sev
eral points, all preceding ones.
Kbration last night outshone, confined
points, all preceding ones.
p to _O:SQ the crown was confined
to the sidewalks and was distinguish
able from the ordinary Saturday nigh
crowd on the street by the volume of
sound which accompanied it. It rapid
ly increased, however, as the side
streets emptied themselves the ihe
■ 1 themselves into ih
main thoroughfare and the new asphalt
pavement was soon crowded to the car
tracks with the pushing, jostling,
struggling throng, all intent upon doing
something that would bring distinction
and consequent joy to the individual?
Then to the din, which by this time had
reached a point that drove strong men
to the nearest saloons for nerve medi
cine, was added the constant ringing
of the bells of the cable cars", as the
gripmen endeavored to force their way
through the" heedless mass of excite
ment-crazed human beings.
Up and down the street surged the
crowd, good humored and merry ex
cept on rare ocaslons, when some gang
of hoodlums would overstep the bounds
of patience and receive merited punish
ment. Everybody was bent on having
fun at the expense of others only so far
as it meant the sudden blowing of a
horn or shrill shriek of a whistle in the
nearest ear. This sort of amusement
was well received, but whenever over
exuberance induced one of the revelers
to go beyond what was recognized as
legitimate fun the entire crowd hunted
out the misguided one and made him
sorry that he was alive.
On ordinary occasions boisterousness
is supposed to be the especial preroga
tive of the male sox (but by long ac
cepted custom the hilarity of New
Year's eve in San Francisco has been
about evenly divided between the en
tire human family and last night was
no exception to the rule. Thousands of
■women and girls made up for the other
364 days when they have to keep silent
and gave full vent to their lungs
through tin. Staid matrons, who had
expected to remain cozily in some con
The San Francisco Call.
venient doorway, soon found them
selves swept along with the living
stream, and before they knew how or
when became possessed with a trn-horn
and a maddening desire to blow it.
And blow it they did. some with hats
awry and faces red, others in a demure
and shame-faced manner, but all with
a look of exaltation on their counte
nances that possibly made up. for many
days of domestic quiet.
Young girls and old girls whose ages
ranged from under 10 to over
well, over the ages where they
cease to be girls— went
along in the proud con
sciousness that, they
were just as big
boys as their
brothers,
and they
suf-
the pul]-y
in S and
hauling con
sequent upon
being in a big
crowd as if they
liked it. Few wore
anything like finery
in dress or millinery,
and those who did were
undoubtedly sorry for It
when they reached home
after their annual dissipa
tion. Market street was ho.
place to display studies in hilid.
fashions last night. ;
• Portly old gentlemen with patri
archial beard.- and dressed in a styiw
that suggested the affluent heads of
large families marched along with silk
hats resting easily on the backs of their
heads, while their gloved hands held the
omnipresent tin horn to their lips as
they blew with all the joyous gladness
of their youngest grandchild.
So it went up and down,' back and
across the great commercial artery of
the city until the hands on the clocks
approached the mystic hour when
graveyards are supposed to yawn and
ghosts to walk. If that grewsome habit
had been practiced last night the in
habitants of the other world . would
probably have reached the conclusion
that the Angel Gabriel had been multi
plied many fold and was announcing
the -last day. Just as the hands reached
the top of the dial, together, what an
hour earlier seemed to be the ' .ipossible
was achieved. I There was such an ac
cession to the noise that all previous
effects were as i zephyr In, a gale of
v?}'",' : :.t:~/\ v ? .7V'i'.v "*"7-7*7-Y' ' ■ 7
EVery steam 1 whistle -and half the
bells in the steeples lent their aid to the
thousands of minor forms of noise and
for ten minutes ear torturing', hair rais-
Ing, brain splitting pulsations rose and
fell on the air until it seemed as if the
all-pervading sound had substance and
were powerful enough to crush in the
massive buildings which lined the
street.
With the passing of the hour came
comparative quiet and then followed
soberness and the dense crowd melted
away, each Individual undoubtedly
satisfied that he or she had done their
full duty and had let off enough sur
plus energy to prevent the violation of
more serious laws for another twelve
months to come.
NAVAL RESERVES TO PARADE
A Good Representation Will Be at the
Inaugural Ceremonies.
Wednesday next tin Naval Militia will
be well represented ii- the inaugural pa
rade at Sacramento. Orders are out to
have the organization attend and prepar
ations are being made to have, as large
a representation as possible present.
Accommodations for the men will be
prepared on the Marion, so those who
leave for Sacramento Wednesday morning
I may sleep on board all Tuesday night.
I The start will be made on the 7 a. m.
j boat for Oakland, so the wisdom of sling
■ Ing- . a hammock on the Marion's berth
deck at once becomes apparent.
Lieutenant Commander T. A. Nerney,
j who, in the absence of Captain Turner,
'-. commands the Naval Militia, has secured
; two special cars to take the Naval Militia
men to the capital. He has arranged for
j both transportation and subsistence for
] the day. The men . will leave on the 7
i o'clock ferry and will return Wednesday
evening.
The -men in line will represent the
crew of' the U. S. S. Marion, the Naval
Militia training ship. A good representa
tion will be present and it is probable
one of the Hotehkiss one-pounders will 'be
manned and included" In the detachment.-
The men "will "be under command of Lieu
tenant Commander. T. A.- Nerney ." arid
' Lieutenant C. 'C, Dennis, acting executive
' offiter. / . • ... . " " . .'
SURRENDERS HIS OFEICE.
• Charles F. Curry" Steps Out; William;
 , "E. Deane Comes "In". "" .' "
With the -coming- of- "*thQ new "year ."a
great ' number Qf office holders stepped !
out yesterday 'and 1 handed oyer'- their ,
; books and documents to incoming officials. !
William E. Dean*, now County Clerk, was
formally Installed In his. offioe by Charles I
Curry„ Who -will" take his office, as. Secre
tary of- State , within the*" next few days, j
TAere -was 'no ceremony-attendant upon j
the turnip.g -over of the. office. Mr. Curry :
surrendered authority and Mr. Deane ac- I
cepted it. - This was! all. '•- •: *?r
Matters -have -been, left straight and in j
good condition- Jor the incoming County '<
Clerk and' he promises t.o leave* them in j
the same condition; -are of the opln
■ ion that ne will live 'up to his promise. |
This morning, the various attaches ap- j
pointed by Mr. Deane will' assemble' in j
the County Clerk's offlpe. for instruction, j
and with th«**»comln«»,.'Qf .Tu-esd&v every- j
i thing will be Tn readiness to proceed.
— ■■'7 7 ""'■♦*'.' — : ' ' ,
. . Grand Army Installation.. . . j
Next" Tuesday 7 evening . the officers
j elect of James A. "Garfield Post No. 34 .
; and Japies A. . Garfield; "Women's Relief ;
'. Corps No. 21 will he Installed. "',- -Depart-
I merit Commander Sol Cahen will install'
| the officers of, the post and , Mrs. Laura ;
j J. "Robinson will perform a similar office I
j for the Relief Corps. . 'General Edward j
I S. Salomon, past department commander,
| will be the new post commander and Mrs. j
j Dora H.Wllkins the incoming president •
lof *he. Relief Corps. A splendid musical |
j programme will be presented between the |
installations of the corps and post.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JANUARY 1, 1899— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
GEORGE W. BAKER IS
TO BE INVESTIGATED
_n— B— B-* D — fl— D -^ B— H— H— B
NOW, two 4 year.s ago .*. car- . ■
ried bill 273 in r spite of £
the fact that all three \y
. newspapers in the city were ■
, against it. - There war the — — ... •I *
7 row you ever saw against it. ■
The Governor had declared I
against it, the people were up i
in arms against it, but by — — , "g
we landed it, and now it is a |;
"A law in this State. I paid B
"*"% $500 for men in the Sen- (^
v^ ate and $250 for men W
N A in the House. ■ . g
X. i
The foregoing,
* statement ac
credited to
George'
'/■
W. Baker
md pub
ished broad
cast is regard
ed by hold-over
Senators as an
assault upon the
dignity and Integrity
jf the Senate charge
so grave and serious that
It must be the subject of
Investigation Immediately on
:he organization of the Leg
islature. " 7"f?';
Senator H. V. , Morehouse of.
Santa Clara was spoken to yester
lay In re tnmcm to th*- n'ntt»3"-nd : .-_-jif '.*■•
lid not v Mia c to as.- .1 that he would
move at the earliest moment for the ap
pointment of a committee to bring
3eorge W. Baker before the Senate.
Senator Morehouse added:
"Nothing less than an affidavit signed
3y George "W. Baker— a signed and
sworn statement containing an abso
lute denial of the charge in every par
ticular would induce me to? withhold
demand for instant inquiry. If it be
true, as Mr; Baker Is' reported to have
said, that 5500 was paid to men in the
Senate to pass bill 273, it is due to the
people of the State to know , to whom
the money was paid and by whom it
was supplied. If Mr. Baker used money
to influence the votes of men in the
Senate he is guilty of a felony and
should be punished. There are twenty
hold-over Senators, and others who
were not hold-overs have been -..re
elected. The bill could not have passed
unless some of these Senators voted for
it. The charge therefore applies to
men now holding seats in the Senate
and cannot be set aside as 'applying
only to those who served in the Legis
lature two years ago.
: "The Senate can compel Mr. Baker
and the editor of the Examiner, who
asserts that the charge is well founded,
to appear before the committee and
answer questions bearing upon the sub
ject. - -/7//
"I shall move at the earliest oppor
tunity for a full investigation- to the
end that the people of the State shall
know whether the charge is true or in
famously false. If money was paid to
pass the bill and Mr. Baker disbursed
it he should be made to tell" how, when
arid where it was paid- ■ and be * forced
to disclose the' names of the persons to
whom it was paid." ■• "
: Senator Morehouse does not profess
to" speak f*o*- other "hold-over" Senators,
but- is confident that they will join in
demand for a full and complete in
vestigation, of all the' facts? in the case.
CAUSTIC CRITICISM
'••■ OF BURNS' RECORD
MARIN " COUNTY ..REPUBLICANS
. '7 ■ * DENOUNCE . SIM.
Stormy Session . of the Central Com
." mittee . Over Sis Candidacy •
. for the Senate; ■ :.'
"SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 31.— The Sena-,
torial candidacy of D. M-. Burns caused
a stormy sessiop of the. -Marin County
Republican.- Central* Committee" this
.afternoon". ' The j session' was secret, J.
H. Pryor'of Sausalltg presiding and B.
W. Studley, acting ' as secretary.
After' certain business relating to
finances had been disposed. .of Captain
H. A. Gorley sprang a sensation in the
form- 'of. : a resolution bitterly denounc
ing the candidacy of Burns and asking
the; Senator and .Assemblyman from
this district to' refuse" to* vote for him.
Attorney Thomas P. Boyd asserted his.
belief* that, as the nominating
tion had not.'seen .fit to"; pledge these
officials, it would ; look v presumptuous
for the county central 'committee -to
try to do ft at this late day, 'particu
larly as that body is supposed to have
no jurisdiction over such matters! 7 He
believed that both the Senator and the
Assemblyman from ' the - district '■ 'were
conscientious:, men and -would follow
what they believed to be the desire of
their* constituents. - -'- -'..-■
A heated tilt between Captain Gor-
Britery Scandals of Two
Years Ago to Be
; Ventilated.
The Lobbyist Will Have to
Deny His Boasting or Make
7 It Good by Exposing
I?' His Confederates?
ley and Boyd followed, in which several
other members joined with the lawyer.
As the adoption of the resolution was
not seconded it was dropped.
Later it was resurrected, minus
the pledge clause. Robert
Hatch of Novato took the
floor as soon as Fred
Carroll had j second
ed the v motion to
adopt on the
ground
...
tfclt it? 7
w*as an un
necessary pro
seeding. This be
ing the consensus
of. opinion the reso
lution failed to carry.
•Captain Corley made
a caustic speech in which
he referred to Burns as an
"ex-convict," a "man with
out morals" and a "man whose
public record Is such that if
elected Senator he can never, se
cure any needed opproprlation for
the Pacific Coast, simply because of
distrust of his colleagues." There
was nothing but a quiet murmur of
approval at this, showing that the
committee might think it inadvisable to
ask the Assemblyman and Senator of
the district not to vote for Burns, but
that so far as his candidacy is con
cerned they are opposed to it for strong
reasons.; ■ \ ". /
The attitude of Chairman Pryor was
discussed after the session with con
siderable acerbity, it being alleged that
before the meeting he told several mem
bers Captain Gorley was to introduce a
resolution condemning Burns' candi
dacy, asking- them to vote for the
adoption of such resolution, but after
the meeting asserted that he would not
have had it adopted "for a thousand
dollars." .'..'•
THE CONTRACTORS AGREE.
John P. Riley and R. P. HuTlbut
Settle Troubles Out of Court.7
'•The disagreements. of John F. Riley and
R. P. ■ HOrlbut, two' contractors, who
worked on the : Masonic Widows' and Or
phans' Home .building, at Decoto, have
been settled: satisfactorily -not only to
themselves but to "the. trustees of the -in
stitution. .Their: .dispute threatened to
cause several injunction suits, obstruct
ing the payment of. money owing the sub
contractors,, and I was a source of general
annoyance to managers ■ and workmen'
alike 'connected .with 'the construction of
the home. •' The following acknowledg
ment was signed yesterday by. Riley:
'I, John. F. Riley,' .do ' hereby acknowledge"
•that I* had a settlement with R. P. Hurlbut of
all work and labor, materials an.t" bills in con
nection -with -the*, contracts of the Masonic
"Widows', and Orphans' Home of Callforn.'^,*
situated at Decoto! -County .of , Alameda,
State of • California, from . the Incep
tion to the completion of "said con
.tracts. and I do hereby, certify that I * api
satisfied with the 'said: accounting, "and that 1
-have 'found- that the dealings and transactions
of K. 1". , Hurlbut with me In connection with
Raid Masonic Widows' and Orphans' Home have
been regular in all respects. : ■•. - , .•■;
Witness* my hand this 28th day' of December,
lSttS. * • JOHN F. RILEY.
Witness: William F. Gibson. Attorney for
John F. Riley. . •
; >.*.-.;-.V^-:V.: » »'■ ! '.
, A NEW YEAR'S TRAGEDY.
James Barry Found Fatally Shot in
' ' ' the- Head.
James Barry? who lives with his sister,
| Mrs. -McGuarry, at ' 2559 Mission street,
j was found: dead, in the rear, 'of the house
; at an early hour this morning./ A hole in
I •the ■-. back of . the - head . and. an empty re
! volver told the tale. ,■■_..-.■ .
Barry went' to < a* saloon at 2862 : Mission
street early ( 7 in the 7 evening: and bought
some "whisky. -He j showed a revolver, to
the bartender and told him -that he ' had
fired it off once J and would do so again.
Whether he committed \ suicide *or i was i
accidentally killed by,- the •• discharge of '
his own pistol; Is hot. known. I
BURNS REPUGNANT
EVEN TO DEMOCRATS
An Outcast From Two Great
Republics, He Again Seeks
Political Preferment,
"He Has Been Weighed in a Balance and 7 Found Wanting in
Many Counts,!'; Is the Verdict of Democratic Assembly- ■
man-Elect:, John Fairweather, '
The wave of the intense^ and' all-ab
sorbing ; interest displayed In the .com
ing - Senatorial struggle and the pos
sible candidacy I of. 7 Daniel Burns is
spreading toward every point of | the
compass and is returning as an under
flow to the •' point • of , the approaching
conflict, an influence heretofore un
accounted for; and this Vinflu
ence will be felt, along the
line of battle before a man
is chosen to j> wear the
California . toga \in
■Washington. It
is the voice
r-of-:the
Dem-
ocratic members of * the present 'Legis- i
lature. ■ '-. • ' "j?7* 7
• No plan of individual action", has at j
this early hour been mapped out but j
individual minds are gathering into a'
moving mass which will' be a projection'
into. the fight of no little weight."''
• Irrespective of their choice of a cau
cus nominee, if one such be selected to
hear' the minority honors of his party,
the Individual Democratic Senators
and Assemblymen will, when the final
balloting; takes place vote for the
most worthy and representative candi
date as the Republican successor of
Stephen, M. White. One man has spok
en and his .words voice the sentiment
of his -colleagues with, no uncertain
sound. .-...* * ' ' '.'.,.
•He Is John Fairweather, Assembly
man-elect from the Sixty-third district,
Fresno County.? The election in -his dis
trict was close and the first figures re
ported T.G. Hart, Republican, as the
successful candidate, but the official re
turns made the. choice of Mr. Fair
• weather sure. The Assemblyman-elect
is the editor of the Reedley Exponent?
Mr. Fairweather is a Democrat, but he
Is a patriot first and a partisan second."
In regard to the election of a Senator;
to represent /Calif in the 'United.
.States Senate, Mr. Fair-weather " takes
broad and' patriotic view of the contest?
7 "In 'conversation yesterday he re
marked: '.?.?
"In order to keep in line with my ■
•
party I shall probably cast a, compli
mentary vote on the. first ballot for
Hon. M. F. Tarpey. After casting this
complimentary vote I shall lend .my
vote and support to some worthy Re
publican.! understand that one reason-
Ing from a purely partisan standpoint
might argue that the Democrats would
gain' a party advantage if some* un
worthy and odious Republican aspirant
should be chosen. by the Legislature to
succeed Hon. Stephen M. White. | It- is
my judgment that the good of the State
and the honor of California should be
held higher In the scale of consideration
than partisan gain. /~- v 'y- 1 :. .- *:
"I have . gone' over this subject fully
with my constituents and they approve
of my determination to support for.
United States. Senator a Republican
candidate of character and integrity,
* rather than see some one selected
'who would be a disgrace to the
State, since there is no hope
of a - Democratic aspirant
winning the prize. They '
express the -sentiment without reserva
tion, that the good" name of California is
Involved -in this contest and the fair
fame.- of- the State in their ' Judgment
should be held paramount to all con
siderations of political expediency.
. "For that reason," continued the As
semblyman, "1 shall "not bind myself to
be .guided by the decrees of a caucus.
The Caucus system' is subversive of
manliness and individuality. It binds
a man to perform acts contrary to his
best judgment and at Variance with a
conscientious sense of public duty. The
caucus whips into line strong men who
would- coriie out openly and declare
their convictions if they were not ham
pered and gagered by a pledge to abide
by. the decision of a majority of those
going into the secret caucus. After re
flection I made up my mind that I
would not tie myself up with caucus
pledges. My neighbors and friends In
dorse my views in this- respect.- They
fell me. go ahead* and vote when the
proper time comes for a clean, reputa
ble and able Republican rather than
expose the State to. the : lasting disgrace
of selecting- a man without character,
conscience or ability to represent Cali
fornia In the' United States Senate."
7 "The Democrats of the State are
watching for the advent of the new
Senator and their representatives In
the coming Legislature are also peering
in that direction.. A minority Is an ad
dition that, when added? may destroy a
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
balance. Of. course, it is the usual
thing to let opponents war it out among
themselves and joy in the thought that
the victory. of the strongest faction. will
after all be a 'woeful; defeat. In other
words, that, we as Democrats, may lie
back on our oars and let the Republi
cans select, If such is to be the outcome
of the contest, a man that represents
nothing .but himself . and the j disrepu
table influences that are striving to
boost him into place. However, I don't
imagine ; the j legislative members • of -
my political - faith .- will stand aloof
when principle * and , patriotism - , are
perishing in an \ unequal conflict:. with
the forces of selfish greed and corrup
tion. It isn't American and it isn't true
Democracy. - : •.' j
• "There * occasionally cornea a time in
the history of a ' party ; when it should
sink : its traditions, Its arguments?. and
its causes and rally to the accomplish
ment "of the greatest good for the great
est number. Whatever the merits' and
demerits of the several alleged candl-
dates for Senatorial honors there Is one *
whom, I • fancy, .no . Democrat in the
State could see step Into the honored
.place "of Senator White' without feel
ing that an affliction had come upon
this great State. Weighed In the bal
ance and found wanting in many
counts, I. wonder that his name has
ever been spoken. But such seems to
have been the case. I can only repeat
as an individual that the * Democratic
members of the coming Legislature
may break away from custom and
throw their .influence in tho scale
against such a corrupt and unworthy
selection for United States Senator.
According to reports an outscast of two
republics seeks .to place himself among
t^he august lawmakers* and lawgivers of
the land and. if so, it becomes the part
of all parties to assist in casting him
out again." 77/7.
Other Democrats entertain views sim
ilar to the sentiments' expressed by Mr.
Fairweather of Fresno. Two others
have declared a purpose to participate
In the Senatorial contest by voting for
a worthy Republican., They will not
permit themselves to be tied up with
ca-ucus obligations, but on the contrary
hold aloof from the Democratic caucus
if 'the caucus managers Insist on iron
clad pledges. '
Election Contest Dismissed.
SAN ANDREAS. Dec. 31.-The election
contest for County Clerk, Auditor and
Recorder' of 'Calaveras County/brought
by the Incumbent, A. L.Wyllie, against
his successor. James S. Jack, was dis
missed . yesterday in | the Superior Court
by Judge Gottschalk. The Angels pre
cinct was expected to disclose many er
rors,- but as they failed to materialize the
contestant's counsel moved for a dis
missal.2
PRELIMINARY SKIRMISHING
FOR THE SENATORIAL TOGA
BURNS WORKERS TRYING
TO FORCE A CAUCUS
Claim They Will Be Able to Control
It and Insure Their Man's Elec=
tion as Senator.
Time of Organization of the Legislature One of the
Most Vital Elements in the Great Contest
for the Toga.
» /~\ ALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, Dec. a
-j \ s _ -( /3 I - — Every part of the power at the disposal of the 2?
85 Southern Pacific Company, Colonel Dan Burns and the i?
88 men who are lending their support to the railroad's candidate %
88 for United States Senator is being concentrated in an en- 83
jj deavor to force the meinbersof the Republican majority into 8S
S3 a joint Senatorial caucus. If this can be done it is asserted
« that Burns has sufficient strength to control the caucus and 88
** have himself declared the caucus nominee. With the applica- •**
55 tion of the unit rule such action by the caucus would be equiv-
88 alent to Burns' election. ' ' «
So apparent Is the effort that is be- I
ing made by Burns and his supporters !
that the other Senatorial candidates
have taken alarm. An effort is being
made to-night to units the forces of the
various candidates for the purpose of
defeating the caucus scheme. An at
tempt was made to-night to round up
the Grant, Bulla and Knight forces,
but on account of the non-arrival of
many legislators who were expected
on the evening trains the proposed joint
meeting was postponed until to-mor
row.
There is also an expressed, desire on
the part of these same Senatorial can
didates to bring about permanent or
ganization of the Legislature on the
opening day. If -*■*•■•« Is done the elec
tion of a United States Senator will
have to be held a week from Tuesday.
This would prevent* the possibility of
'"E^rnf'^ll^rce'j^'Sng Able -to "ties." mat
' ters bo that jJPo Burns men who are
contesting the -seat of Democrats will
be able to cast their vote for the rail
road's candidate.
If permanent organization Is delayed
until Tuesday the vote for Senator will
not be taken until January 17. This
would give the Burns forces time in
which to rush through their contests '
B*-M-+«j-*)^^
| VOTES THAT BURNS
t WILL NOT SECURE
I SAN ANDREAS, Dec 31.— Assemblyman
| Blood has expressed himself as positively
% against Burns.
t SACRAMENTO, Dec 31—1 shall not vote
| for Burns. Hon. R. N. Bulla is my choice.
1 L. H. VALENTINE.
■ ♦♦♦♦♦OH ♦»+»♦»♦•»♦-»♦♦♦ M »♦»*♦*»>»>»♦ M »♦♦♦»»« ♦»■♦»•+
and perfect such other combinations as
are impossible of consummation with
out sufficient time and opportunity.
An effort was made last evening by
some of the members from th*e south
to secure a caucus on the proposition
of the distribution of patronage. An
agreement was reached that a meeting
be held at 10 o'clock to-morrow morn
ing, at which time an effort will be
made to dispose of patronage matters
as far as the southern end of the State
Is concerned. This will dispose of an
Impediment to early organization and
will tend to the dispatch of the busi
ness of the session.
Nearly all the southern members are
in favor of immediate organization, and
this evening it was stated that the
Santa Clara County delegation felt the
same way.
Senator C. M. Simpson of Pasadena
arrived from the south last evening.
The Senator has been seriously ill for
Utensils
For kitchen use in Iron Clad
Enamel Ware. Stew Pans,
Rice Boilers, Fry Pans,
Preserving Kettles, Roast
Pans, Tea Kettles. Given
away free with
American's Best
Teas. Coffees. Spices
GreatAmericanlmportfgTea Co.
66 Market. o;.Pow«ll 705 Larkin St.
140 Sixth St. 1419 Polk St.
218 'third -t. 1818 Devlsadero St.
506 1 earny St. 2008 Fillmore St.
146 Ninth St. 321 Montgomery Ay.
2-510 Mlssi n St. 1180 Kentucky St.
3006 Sixteenth St. 3255 Mission St.
855 Hayes St. 52 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES:
1053\Vashin*tonSt. 131 San Pablo Aye
I>l 7 Broadway. 616 E Twelfth St.
1310 Seventh St.
ALAMEDA— I3S* Park St.
SAN RAFAEL— St.. near Fourth.
We also sell,
China. C rocker y. G la «« w are
Cheap Price- in America,
YriU for Oattl-tgiui,
the past ten days and left a sick bed
to come north to attend to his legisla
tive duties. He will place Senator Bulla
in nomination for United States Sena
tor. Assemblyman L. H. Valentine will
second the nomination."
..»
SENATORIAL
CLAIMS THAT
DO NOT JIBE
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Dec. "Brer Fox. lie
low." There are no many arrived of
those who are to make a Senator.
None of them are talking, except to the
other fellow, and to the other fellow
the word has gone out What those who
are for Burns shall meet in quiet and
exclusive caucus to-morrow nlcht.
The friends of El Alcalde, who are
here to-night, claim for him enoueh
votes' to demonstrate their existence
at the caucus of to-morrow eveniner.
but there are other rabbits in the cours
ing and their backers say Burns nay
at that. Milton Green. Tom Nosier
and Walter Price got here to-nicht and
their Grant list does in no wise- jibe
with the line-up claimed for Burns.
Senator Tom Flint Jr. got in during
the early part of the day but. like
Uncle Remus' hare and Sigmund Bett
man, is lying close in the furrow. He
will be elected president pro tern, of
the Senate without opposition.
Senator Smith of Kern, Assemblyman
"Walter Clarke of Mountain View and
Senator Simpson of Pasadena, got In
to-day and registered at the • Golden
Eagle.
Senator Frank W. Leavitt of Oak
land, successor to the late Senator Eli
Denlson came in yesterday with a bill
concealed about his person that will
provide a board of Harbor Commis
sioners for Oakland. To make its ere
; ation effective he will ask an appropri
ation of $250,000 to be expended in har
bor movements. 7;-7
Those of the San Francisco delegation
who have already Invaded the capital
seem to be wondering why they came
so early. Until some head to direct
them gets here they are apparently
quite at sea as to what they are expect
ed to do. Leon Dennery came up to
night and is taking as active a hand
In coming legislative affairs as though
he were already seated. He makes no
secret of the fact that he expects to
occupy the seat in the Senate to which
R. Porter Ashe was elected.
Several of the Alameda County dele
gation are here, but few of them know
"where they are at," on the Senatorial
fight or any other proposition. * For the
banner Republican county. Alameda is
exceedingly modest in her demands for
legislative patronage.
Lou Martin of Oakland is making an
active canvass for sergeant at arms
of the Senate and expects to win out
with little or no trouble.
J. C. Sorror of Elmhurst wants • a
clerkship — one with an adequate
salary will do and he does not see how
he can fail to land something. Both of
these men have the backing of their
delegation and as those are about the
only places Alameda asks for aside
from the speakership, they bid fair to
win out. - • "
Jim Oliver of Berkeley, who hopes to
be the next Deputy Labor Commis
sioner and says he has no reason to be
lieve he will be disappointed, is here in
an advisory capacity to the Alamedans.
Oliver says his right is so well in hand
now that there is no necessity for him
to hold on to the anxious Beat any
longer.
... •*■■ * , - -■- >. - :-., \,
GREEN OPENS
HEADQUARTERS
FOR U.S. GRANT
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Dec. 31— Milton Green came
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 1, 1899.
LEGISLATORS AT OAKLAND MOLE BOARDING THE TRAIN FOR SACRAMENTO.
DETERMINED FIGHT FOR LOS
ANGELES' FAVORITE SON
o ; 0
o Bulla Will Have Twenty-Two Votes on* First Ballot and the Support of £
o the Strongest Men Sri-- Both Mouses. -' ©
q :^' : CALL HEADQUARTERS, 'SACRAMENTO, Dee. 31.— The Bulla men from South- °
O em California have been unusually active and confident to-day and are apparently really anx- Q
° ious and desirous that, the balloting should commence.,. q
0 . Assemblyman L. H. Valentine has been here for some days presenting the claims of ***--
O Los Angeles County's favorite son with great vigor and earnestness. Mr. Valentine figures that q
O at a minimum calculation Senator Bulla will have twentyr-two votes on the first ballot. Another ©
® point Assemblyman Valentine urges strongly in favor of Bulla is the character of the members °
0 of the Assembly and Senate who are lending their votes to Bulla's canvass. A majority of 9
O them have already served one term in the State Legislature absolutely without any reflection o
® upon their character as to measures either fathered or voted for. O
O * Senator Currier will, it is understood, arrive from Los Angeles to-morrow and add the 0
° strength of his personality to the already strong column Senator Bulla has in the field here. O
Senator Currier is an old and experienced politician, having figured in Los Angeles County °
O politics for years and having served a term there .as Sheriff. He is very enthusiastic in his sup- 5
° port of Bulla and will be able to do a great deal before the final ballot is taken. q
■® * Before the Bulla men left Los Angeles it was agreed among them that they should re- °
q main firm and true to their favorite to the very last. Upon this subject they are agreed as a 5?
O unit, and all talk or gossip to the contrary is idle. o
0 In Southern California the Grant men, under the able manipulation of "Weeping" q
O James Kelley, have endeavored to create the impression that the Bulla men were largely in O
© the Senatorial struggle in the interest and for the advancement of the candidacy of D. M. °
° Burns. "Weeping" James and his coadjutors certainly distributed stories to this effect with ©
O great skill, and they were assisted by Brigadier General H. G.Otis' newspaper, the Los An- O
O geles Times, which journal is strongly urging the Grant claims. ,®
J But these statements are folly. Senator Bulla is a candidate in good faith, and his sup- o
q porters announce unqualifiedly that they will remain firm and true to him to the last. °
O p As far as Grant's legislative vote south of Tehachapi is concerned, he has, as first choice, o
® made no gains. San Diego County he has solid, and possibly three more scattering votes in °
O Orange and Riverside counties. All that the prestige of a great* name, strong political press- o
O ure and the assistance of a number of prominent men from the outside could effect has been O
Z. done in the interest of Grant in Southern California. ©
© o
O There are two dark horses in the Senatorial field from the south, who as yet have no o
© following and who may never have any. They are in the hands of their friends, and further O
'° than a few newspaper notices the world may never know that in this year of our Lord 1898 °
O they longed for the honors of the United States Senatorship. ■■■.' J?
© The two men referred to are ex-Governor H. H. Markham of Pasadena and Thomas ©
0 R. Bard of Ventura. It has been hinted that in the event of a Legislative deadlock both °
o' of these gentlemen might become full-fledged candidates, but as yet the probability of such a o
© thing is very, remote. • " 0
oooooobooooooooooo
In on the 10 o'clock train this evening
and has opened headquarters at the
Golden Eagle for the disseminating of
Giant Information. Grant himself has
not arrived, but his personal headquar
ters are established at the Golden
Eagle. He Is to occupy the same
apartments in which Senator Per
kins did successful politics during the
last big fight.
Jake Steppacher has opened the State
Central Committee headquarters. at the
Golden Eagle and Major McLaughlin
will put in an appearance at the same
place some time to-morrow. ;?..: ,
FORECAST OF
SOME COMMITTEE
CHAIRMANSHIPS
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Dec. Sl.— There will be no con
test for Speaker of the Assembly, as
Howard E. "Wright of Alameda Is the
universal favorite, but it develops to
night that there may be a sharp fight
for the position of Speaker pro tern.
There are two candidates in the field.
One Is H. W. Chenoweth " ; of Anaheim,
and the other Alden Anderson .of Sui
sun. Both candidates have had ample
service In the ; Assembly and have the
00000000 ooooo<
knowledge of rules and parliamentary
procedure requisite in a presiding -offi
cer and each. has a strong following of
personal friends. * . /
Howard E. Wright arrived to-night
on the overland and went to his apart
ments on Tenth street, opposite the
Capitol. When asked If the committee
chairmanships had been selected, he
declined to be interviewed on the sub
ject, saying that the composition of
many of the important committees was
still a subject of consideration. From
general conversation with members of
the Legislature . on the ground, and
taking Into consideration locality and
previous service in public life, The Call
makes the following forecast of se-*
lections for Important chairmanships:
Judiciary committee Judge G. G.
Clough of Plumas.
Ways and means— L. H. Valentine of
Los Angeles.
Mileage— James H. Beecher of Shas
ta.
Claims— C. M. Belshaw of Contra
Costa.
State hospitals and asylums Owen
Wade of Napa. .
Rules— Henry Dibble of San Fran
cisco.
Public buildings— A. S. Crowder of
San Diego.
Printing— George G. Radcliff of Santa
Cruz or Joseph M. Kelly of Alameda.
Education— N. P. Conrey of Los An
geles.
IOOOOOOOQOOOOOOOOO
: - Election laws— Alden Anderson of So
lano. 7::;-;--; r 7
Mining— W. S. Robinson of Nevada
County.
There is an active contest for the
chairmanship of the committee on
mines; every mining county presents
a candidate. It Is a point in Mr. Rob
inson s favor that he has had legisla
tive experience and is fully able to per
form the duties of the place.
Judge Clou^h of Plumas, who is slat
ed for the judiciary committee, is rated
as one of the ablest lawyers in North
ern California.
♦ —
GAGE LEAVES
SACRAMENTO
CLANDESTINELY
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Dec. 31.— Governor-elect Gage
went to San Francisco lost evening to
hold a conference with Daniel M.
Burns. It was given out here that
Gage would proceed to Los. Angeles,
there to take a holiday dinner with his
family and, returning with them, be
In Sacramento Monday morning.
It is claimed here. by a relative of the
Governor-elect that this information
. Continued on Eighth Page. 7
SNAG TO LEGISLATION .
ALREADY IN SIGHT
Legislators Apprehensive Over the Lack of Printing
Facilities, Which Will Certainly Cause
Serious Delay.
Even if Funds Are Available the Day After Organization the
Blockade Will Be So Great That the Calling of an
Extra Session May Be Necessary.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, ; SACRA- i
MENTO, Dec. 31.— Some of the more
experienced legislators who arrived,
here to-day are much troubled on ac
count of the situation as regards the
State Printing Office. They incline to
the belief that the Legislature will be
unable to transact any business after
organizing until Governor-elect Gage
has been inaugurated.
None of the preliminary legislative
printing has been done, the printing
office having been closed since the be
ginning of the last fiscal year on ac
count of lack of funds. No printing
can be done until the present Legisla
ture makes an appropriation to meet
the expenses. If such an appropriation
bill were rushed . through on the first
day of permanent organization it is
MADERA COUNTY AC AINST BURNS £«
The Call received the following tele- |
gram last night from E. R. Vincent, chair-
man of the Republican County Central
Committee of Madera County i /}
Resolved by the Madera Repub- -
lican Central Committee assembled !
in Madera this 31st day of Decern- '
ber, 1898, that we, as members of -
the Republican party of the State of ;)
California, are opposed in every I
way to the selection of D.. JW. Burns I
as United States Senator from this i
State to succeed Hon. Stephen JW, i
White. :^r7jy7 : Vv-'///. //7y7^/ : :?-, $?,
considered extremely doubtful whether
or not It would be signed by Governor
Budd. 'yyy
Early In December an effort was
made to reopen the State printing office
and the purpose would have been ac
complished had it not been for the ob
jection made by certain legislators who
opposed Governor Bu 14 at the time he
vetoed the printing office appropriation
two years ago.
About three weeks ago Governor
Budd, Secretary of State Brown, and
Attorney General Fitzgerald signed an
authorization directing State Printer
Johnston to incur such expenses as
were necessary to perform the work of
doing the printing needed for the ooen
ing days of the Legislature, the Inten
tion being to pay for the same from
the funds of the State under the act
of 1893. Instead of going ahead with
the work, Johnston took counsel of the
party leaders and the doors of the
State printing office remained closed.
HAPPY NEW YEAR
To all our friends and patrons. May health and prosperity be your por-
tion for 1899- "We are closed to-day, of course,' and also to-morrow (Monday,
• January 2) as it is kept as a legal holiday. On Tuesday, the 3rd, we start
our sales"for the year, which we have reason to believe will be the most
prosperous we have experienced since 1892-not only for our house and
the mercantile trade generally, but for the whole people of the whole coun-
try collectively. We have waited long for the- prosperity which protection
and continued peace always brings. Now with proper individual effort and
careful management of expenses, let all look forward with confidence to that
comfort which is the reward of patient toil.
13QQ PRICES!
BOYS' KNIVES... . ...... 10c
These are a strong and good looking knife,
about like boys pay 25 cents for at credit
stores* 3 or 4 kinds to select from; if you
want a man's knife to last the balance of
the century and into next, get our $1 25
Wostenholm.
LADIES' CAPES $3.00
Real $10 capes at many places; some light
colors In heavy weights; cannot be equaled
for $8 anywhere; a few breaks ln sizes, but
not many. We have about 20 dark capes,
fur on collar, will close at "JI each.
SILK HANDKERCHIEFS — --5c
These are Japanese silk; quite popular;
mostly with initial; not sold below 10 cents
at other store*; also motto handkerchiefs;
now 5 cents.
Ladies' Winter Dress Shoes, $2.00
These are as stylish as any fine kid shoe;
great wear and comfort; made especially
for our sales; not sold below $3 If to be had
elsewhere.
HEAVY WOOL BLANKETS- $5.00
These are not make-believe but real wool
from California sheep; made in a Califor-
nia mill; weight 7 pounds, and are decidedly
the best value we ever sold; gray: other
blankets 75 cents pair up.
16 yards wide, dark figured percale 99c
20 yards good muslin for family use 99c
20 yards unbleached Canton flannel 99c
25 yards of nice dark calico ....99c
16 yards light or dark tennis flannel 99c
25 yards good cotton crash 99c
12 cans of choice Eastern strawberries 99c
50 cakes toilet und laundry soap ....99c
11 pounds of goocl sugar cured harn.,......,T, 99c 1
It was argued that Governor Budd.
having taken it upon himself to veto
the printing office appropriation made
by the last Legislature, should now. be
made to suffer the consequences of his
act by being. held up before the people
of the State as the person responsible
for delaying the work of the present
Legislature. '.*/?:
All of the reports of commissions and.
State institutions must be printed be
fore they can be given legislative con
sideration. There is such a quantity of
this kind of work that the Printing
Office will be so choked for a month
after funds are provided for its main
tenance that it will be impossible to
print the bills introduced In the Legis
lature with the degree of expedition
necessary to allow for completing the
work of the session within sixty days.
The printing of the report of the Cede
Commission alone will require the labor
of the entire force of the State Printing
Office for at least three weeks.
It Is very evident that there is good
reason for the alarm shown by the
| older members on the ground to-day.
| It is not impossible that the Legislature
will be so crippled by the condition of
affairs in the State Printing Office that
the calling of an extra session will be
necessary. Many of the members de
clare they will return to their homes as
soon as their pay ceases, and the call
ing of an extra session would be the
only means of keeping them at the
capitoi.
While the persons responsible for the
present deplorable condition of affairs
are "doing" petty politics for the pur
pose of evening up personal differences,
the dear taxpayers of the State are fac
ing the probability of having to foot a
pretty bill of extras, to say nothing of
the certainty of the miscarriage of leg
islation that is of vital importance to
the State.
18QQ PRICES!
PICNIC HAMS .-7c
You all know how good these are and
how low this figure makes them; a little
reduction in 50-lb lots to the trade.
SANTA CLAUS SOAP, 6 f0r... 25c
A hundred people say this is the most
and the best soap they ever bought for
two-bits, and yet there is a beautiful and
costly picture given with every five wrap-
pers.
CITRON, Finest.... 12.c
Only a few drums to close at this price.
It cannot be surpassed for quality.
BORAX, Refined...... 10c
This is beginning to be appreciated and Is
found useful for so many things; do not pay
' 20 cents for same thing.
BROKEN CRACKERS, 25 lbs. $1.00
Ycu know what these are and how cheap
they are; cakes among them sometimes;
single pound to try 5 cents.
JAM, in Glass 10c
Own make of fruit jam 10 cents and 15
cents; we want everybody to try this who
is willing to do so. Xo equal on sale to
our highest grade home packed- Jams.
We always share our bargains with out pa-
trons. We buy cheap for cash and sell cheap.
Make things come out ahead by trading with
SMITHS
CASH STORE
25-27 Market St., S.F.THERE ARE PURCHASABLE
SPIES IN MANY HOUSEHOLDS
Telephone Company Has a :
Gigantic System of
Espionage. .
Every Conversation at the Dis
posal of the Talker's Bus
iness or Social
Rivals,
HELLO : -^7
?]\yoKT BE HOME To DINGER, DEAR 7?
THE law safeguards the inviolability
of letters sent through the malls.
Their seal may not even be broken
to further the ends of justice, ex
cept In the manner which the courts have
determined, and ln respect for private
rights. The law, in a I ing line of stat
utes and decisions, has thrown protection
around communication by telegraph. The
rights of sender and receiver are defined
and trespass upon them is at the peril of
the trespasser. The tapping of telegraph
wires to secure illicit possession of the
messages they carry, for the benefit of
ether than the person sending and the one
receiving them. is made a felony, and is
punished penally. The Interests of so
ciety and civilization are now so depend
ent upon modern methods of inter-com
munication, the mail, th- telegraph and
the telephone, that any violation of the
trust assumed by either method is an
offense, not only ln Itself, but by supply
ing facility for other offenses, makes the
one guilty of it a possible accessory to a
wide range and great variety of crimes.
If it were needful that the law protect
the privacy of letters and of telegrams
and of the telegraph wires, which offer
peculiar facilities for tapping by the Im
possibility of guarding them on the des
erts, mountains and lonely reaches over
which they stretch, there Is much more
necessity that the law stand guard over
the telephone.
It is In use in millions of homes for com
munication between members of the fam
ily, and in that relation carries every day
messages of domestic confidence, many
of which disclosed would throw society
into a turmoil. It is used in confidential
communication and between business men
and their correspondents, agents and cus
tomers. It Is profitably employed by the
daily press in gathering news, in sending
orders to reporters and correspondents for
exclusive Information, the inviolate own
ership of which Is a valuable considera
tion to a newspaper. So universal has be
come the employment of the telephone
and' so general is the public confidence in
the privacy of Its use that It Is safe to
say that violation of that privacy is a
more serious offense than the opening of
letters unlawfully or the tapping of tele
graph wires. Telegrams can be sent in
cipher and letters can be written in cryp
tograms. But people do not talk in cipher.
Communication by telephone is carried on
as freely as though the parties stood face
to face.
The possibility of a leak in the tele
phone carries disquiet and consternation
Into every home, public office and busi
ness establishment where the use of that
instrument has become a necessity. A
telephone company is an important" trus
tee of the whole community patronizing
it, and a violation of that trust is an of
fense of such aggravate,! criminality as to
require the most drastic reprisals.
Through^ being made the victim of
such betrayal of this trust The Call has
been led to use. the means or demonstrat
ing that the administration of the tele
phone company in San Francisco is cor
rupt to the core and Its service a gigantic
•py system and organized betrayal of Its
customers for the benefit of their social,
political, amatory, official <r business
enemies or rivals, who are will'ng to pay
the price of the treachery and' violation
of privacy.
The first offense which attracted the at
tention of this office was committed by
an employe of the telephone company at
Sausalito. A Call reporter had sent in
exclusive information of the attempted
murder on vie Cbispa, and immediately
the telephone operator repeated it to the
Examiner correspondent. On Investiga
tion the operator admitted this offense
and was discharged. This incident caused
a quiet and searching investigation into
the methods of the Pacific Telephone and
Telegraph Company and its subordinate
corporation, the Sunset Telephone and
Telegraph Company. The former
handles the local business of San Fran
cisco, the latter all out of town business.
The result of this investigation will
: startle the community and spread abroad
I a feeling of distrust and unsafety. Sev
eral sporadic leaks were found, but on
! chasing them down they were found to
|be no parts of the main system. They
' consisted in the results of chummy gossip
between an occasional woman reporter
and some of the telephone girls. In fol
lowing them up it was discovered, how
ever, that there was a regular system of
leakage, as extensive as any one wished
to have it who was willing to "put up."
At last it was found to be in the Exam
iner oflice. An employe of that paper de
vised It, and when l.c had it In working
order was instructed to go on and per
fect it. For that purpose he was sup
j plied with theater tickets, money for sup
■ pers and entertainments. His work was
j to secure control of the operators and
I convert the switchboard into an adjunct
|of the Examiner office. His newspaper
| work consisted in sitting with a telephone
| to his ear and listening to messages which
were leaked oh to his wire by simply
bringing its "plug" into contact with the
; wire ilia* he wished to tap. In this way
news reports to the other papers were
Stolen, private conversations between
business men, politicians, public officers,
men and women, husbands and wives,
j have been taken off, written down and
; kept In the Examiner office for use in the
j kind of journalism practiced there.
A prominent State official had a conver
; sation over the Sunset wire with the
I Warden of Bad Quentin relative to Dur
rant while that noted prisoner was there.
Each official was alone at his end of the
wire. But the operator at the switchboard
leaked every word onto the Examiner
wire and the conversation appeared ln
that paper next day.
The public recalls the difficulty en
countered in the final disposition of Dur
rants body. The undertaker in charge
of it received a Sunset message from the
Pasadena crematory that It would be re
ceived there and inclntrated. Within five
minutes an Examiner reporter was at his
office asking when the b<,dv would be sent
to Pasadena, and when) the undertaker
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 1, 1899.
IN THE MAIN TEJ.ePHONB OFFICE.
Wtffcy,, ;
THE*
rerortetß
sought to evade the question the reporter
said: "You have just had a telephone
message from Pasadena."
The . Call telephoned a gentleman in
Oakland for his photograph, expecting to
use It ln connection with a contemplated
public distinction that might come to
him. In a few minutes an Examiner re
porter, appeared at the gentleman's house
and asked why The Call wanted his
picture, and A demanded it for his own
paper and tried to extort Information as
to the connection in which It -was to be
used.
The city editor of the Examiner under
whom the system of leakage was devised,
for motives of revenge and . reprisal oh
Mr. John P. Young of the Chronicle, took
Organized Betrayal of Its Cus
tomers Carried, on
for Pay,
The Most Confidential Messages
Leaked Directly Into
. the Office of the
Examiner,
RIGHT "3-SORJ3E.
BUT CO MS HOM& EARLY"
a leak of every telephone message to and
from that, gentleman and sought such
use of the information so obtained as
would be harmful to Mr. Young.
When the T. C. Walker blew up ln the
San Joaquin The Call service gave it a
prompt and full account, upon which it
Issued an extra. The Examiner force was
summoned to get out an extra, also, but
the grafter who had charge of the tele
phone leak proposed to find out what The
Call was going to do, and was at once
plugged on to The Call's wire at the
switch board, and heard the orders '--
sued for an extra, down to the minutest
detail, even to the complaint about the
slow action of the pot for melting the
stereotype metal. The time lost In this
eavesdropping let the Examiner pressman
get away, so that no extra could issue
from that office.
Extending the examination The Call
found that three decoy conversations he,d
between the Call office and different peo
ple were accurately leaked on to the
wire held by the Inventor of the Exam
iner's method of violating the confidence
and betraying the trust put in the Pacwic
Telephone and Telegraph Company.
It was found that messages over the
wires of that company, were as much at
the disposal of an enemy or rival of the
sender or the receiver as if they were
shouted from the housetops or posted on
the public billboards.
It was found that the instruction given
to the operators who handle the out of
town business over the Sunset wires is
to take down verbatim every conversation
held over those wires, and that every con
versation is transcribed, indexed and pre
served in the telephone office. The com
pany cannot plead that this is for the
purpose of determining the fee due from
the sender of the conversation for use of
the wire, because the rate is fixed by tne
time occupied and not by the number cd",
words used.
This Is a portentous record when one re
flects that it is Indexed and in the posses
sion of a corporation which puts the'mes
sages sent over its wires at the service
of any one who wants them plugged to
his phone. It is disquieting to thousands
to know that the, switchboard of the cor
poration is as public and open to buy
ers who have no right to what they get
as the meat block of a butcher's stall In
the California Market. It is alarming
that any and every message is subject to
leakage and that there is no privacy nor
confidence possible, and that this is not
the result of accident, of induction of cur
rents or chance contact of wires, but of
a regular system devised and hourly car
ried out by the employes of the company
and under the noses of Its officers.
Many patrons, of this telephone com
pany, out of abundant caution, have pri
vate wires and phones, and to make se
curity doubly sure some have these un
der assumed names, for the purpose of
complete seclusion from their business or
official cares, and yet controlling such
communication as they wish. But The
Call Is prepared to show that ln no case
are these devices proof against the Ex
aminer's invention of this graft. How do
Mayor Phelan, Governor Budd and other
prominent officials like to know that they
have not had privacy for a single message
they have ever sent under the supposed
security of these wires and pseudonyms?
ESTATES IN PROBATE.
Three Wills Placed on File With the
County Clerk.
The will of Franz Joseph Metzler, who
died December 13, was filed for probate
yesterday. The testator directs that an
estate valued at $3000 be distributed
among his children.
The will of Joseph A. Morgan who died
recently leaving property valued at $10,000,
has been filed for probate. The testator
gives his widow, Rebecca Morgan, a life
estate in the property and at her death
directs that the estate be distributed
among three children.
The last will of Eleanor M . Carlisle,
who died December 25, has been filed for
probate. An estate valued at $20,000 is dis
posed of as follows: -To Mrs. Georgie C.
Veraninvich, $;ioiio; to Mrs. Abner Doble,
$i>00; to F»»»"-- B. McComb of Wilmington,
Del.. $4000: to Berge Jenkins and farnest
M. Jenkins. $4000; to the children of the
late Sarah Brink, sister of her late hus
band, $2000 each; to the children of the
late David Carlisle. $2000 each; to the
children of the ,ate Horace Carlisle
the sum of $2000; to the children
of the late Maria Demmon of Wil
mington. Del.. $2000, and the residue of
the estate to the California Women's Hos
pital.
Lieutenant Price Laid Up.
Lieutenant William Price of the Seven
teenth street police station, who had re
cently been appointed by the Chief of
Police to take charge of the unruly Chi
namen in the Mongolian section of the
city, is laid up at his residence with a se
vere cold, which he contracted in driv
ing the highbinders, cutthroats and all
round thugs into, the sewers of China
town.
Since Price was assigned to the China
section he has labored day and night in
the discharge of his duties until at the
time he was taken ill he had succeedd
in driving every blackleg out Of the Chi
nese strongholds, and the entire section
had become as peaceful as though there
never was a drop of human blOod shed
by the wielding of a Mongolian hatchet.
Price is looked upon by the Chinese out
laws as the only man on the police force
who is not afraid to wade right into their
strongholds and scatter them. He has
overtaxed his strength and through want
of sleep he had to take to his bed a few
days ago and temporarily * give up his
work. 7: . .-. y'y.yiy: '*"'-■.. / ■
The Insane Cause Litigation.
Many suits recently Instituted by the
State Lunacy Commission against the
relatives and estates of insane persons to
recover $15 a month for each inmate dur
ing the entire time of confinement are
now on hearing before Judge Coffey. An
aggregation of lawyers, representing the
various relatives and estates are confi
dent that the State's claims will be de
[ clared invalid.
34
GENERALS' SONS
WILL RAISE OLD
GLORY AT NOON
All Preparations Completed for
tl)e Surrender of Cuba by
tl)e Spaniards.
When the Final Salutes Are Fired tbe Castiiian
Troops Remaining Will Embark on
Transports.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS9*?, by James Gor
don Bennett.
HAVANA, Dec. Havana to-night
goes to bed under the Spanish flag. It
will sleep to-morrow night under the
stars and stripes.
To-day has been one of preparation
on both sides. Everything moved
smoothly and evacuation has been car
ried out in strict accordance with the
promise of the Spanish commission.
All Spanish troops are aboard the
transports except the Tenth Engineers,
who remain ashore to Rive Spain's
salute to American authority at noon
to-morrow, and 800 members of the
Leon battalion, who do guard duty on
the last night of Spanish sovereignty
In Cuba. The Leon battalion will board
the transport in the morning. The
Tenth Engineers will remain in Mono
and Cabanas until shortly after 12
o'clock. When their salute has been
fired they will go aboard the transport
Buenos Ayres.
The American flag will be raised over
Morro Castle by Lieutenant Wade, son
of General Wade; that over Cabanas
by Lieutenant Lee, son of General Lee,
and that over the palace by Major
Butler, son of General M. C. Butler.
Besides General Brooke and his staff
and members of the American commis
sion, General Davis, commander of the
American forces in Pinar del Rio prov
ince, will be present at the ceremony in
the palace. The Spanish representa
tives will be Captain General Castel
lanos, Marquis Montoro and Secretary
Girauta of the commission. The other
member of the Spanish commission,
Vice Admiral Manterola, sailed on the i
auxiliary cruiser Rapido, which left to
day. The Patrlota also left and the
torpedo gunboats Ensenada. Molinas, ;
Qnii.i- and Diego Velasquez sailed to- !
night. The transport Stugart went to j
JJatanzas to take troops from there.
American and Cuban flags are float
ing together from many public build
ings. Cubans are quiet, but are not
taking much interest in to-morrow's
proceedings. Besides the palace and j
castles Morro and Cabanas, there will |
be turned over to the American au- |
thorities at noon, the arsenal, naval
station, custom house and the building
occupied by the port officers and Ma
china wharf.
All other forts and public buildings j
are already In possession of.the Ameri- !
can authorities. The floating dock, ;
which is Spanish property, will remain j
ln the harbor under command of Naval i
Captain Perel, until the Spanish Minis- !
ter of Marine directs Us removal.
Arrangements have been completed !
for Americans to take over the admin- j
istration of the custom house, tele- j
graph lines and postofflce at the open
ing of business on Monday morning.
General Butler, who has just returned \
from a visit to Clenfuegos and interme- j
diate points, reports an improvement In i
social conditions and disposition among
all classes to accept whatever form of
government the United States will give
Cuba. There are about 40,000 Spanish
troops in that portion of the island,' but
they are leaving as rapidly as pos
sible.
BROOKE'S PROCLAMATION
TC PEOPLE OF CUB'
HAVANA, Dec. 31.— proclamation
by Major General Brooke will be issued
to-morrow to the people of the island.
It is as follows:
"Coming among you as the repre
sentative of the President, in further
ance and in continuation of the hu
mane purpose with which my country
interfered to put an end to the dis
tressing conditions in this island. 1 !
deem it proper to say that the object j
of the present Government is to give
protection to the people and security
to property, to restore confidence, to
encourage the people to resume the
pursuits of peace, to build up waste
plantations, to resume commercial traf
fic and to afford full protection in the j
exercise of all civil and religious rights.
"To this end the protection of the |
United States Government will be di
rected and every provision will be made
to carry these objects through the
channels of civil administration, al
though under military control.
"In the interest and for the benefit
of all the people of Cuba and those pos
sessed of rights and property in the
Island, the civil and criminal codes
which prevailed prior to the relinquish
ment of Spanish sovereignty will re
main in force, with such modifications
and changes as may from time to time
be found necessary in the interest of
good government.
"The people of Cuba, without regard
to previous affiliations, are invited and
urged to co-operate in these objects by
the exercise of moderation, conciliation
and good will, one toward another; and
a hearty accord in our humanitarian
purposes will insure a kind and beneft
clent government. The Military Gov
ernor of the island will also be pleased
to confer with those who may desire
to consult him on matters of public in
terest."
The text of the proclamation has been
cabled to Washington and approved.
RELIEF FOR THE
STARVING CUBANS
"■•' NEW YORK, Dec. 31.— S. War
ner and B. G. Conkllng, agents for the
Cuban Central Relief Committee, who
left New York December 6 for Cien
fuegos, Cuba, with a large quantity of
relief supplies, have cabled the com
mittee from Sanctl Splrltus as follows:
'•Ten thousand very hungry women
and children here. Two thousand In
country 'near here. Will begin distri
butions Sunday with the efficient aid
of tho local Red Cross. Send more food
If possible."
BROOKE WILL HAVE
A SPECIAL CABINET
WASHINGTON, P«q- 21.— The War
Department has come to the conclusion
that it will be necessary to accord Gen
eral Brooke, Military Governor of Cuba,
; the assistance of a special Cabinet ap
j proaching in functions the late autono
j mist Cabinet of Cuba, In the adminis-
I tration of the civil affairs of the Is
i land.
CUBANS SORE AND IN
A DISTRUSTFUL MOOD
HAVANA, Dec. 31.— The position of
the military administration in request
ing the Cubans not to make any
; demonstration to-morrow upon the oc
casion of the turning over of the gov
ernment to the United States was pri
vately advised by several notable Cv
• bans, whose names are not made pub
j lie In order to protect them from the
I wrath of their people. - The prohibition
would have been issued even if this ad
vice had not been given. Nevertheless
the fact that It was given shows that
the judgment of General Brooke and
General Ludlow is sustained by expert
: judges of Cuban character and feeling.
More Cuban flags were taken in to
day. The invitation of the Americans
to Cuban ladies and gentlemen to wit
ness the scenes at the palace has been
declined with the explanation that the
recipients of the invitation do not In
tend to leave their houses to-morrow.
Some dwellings may appear draped In
black.
The smaller papers criticize the
American policy with touches of bitter
ness, but the larger dailies take no de
cided stand.
Printed anonymous handbills are in
circulation, satirically advising the Cu
| bans to "never mind," as they could
; have a good time cheering the Amer
i icans. The change of flags Is likened
in these handbills to a wedding, re
garding which the kinspeople and
friends of the bride are told that the
marriage will take place to-night, but
that they can celebrate the event a
month hence.
The city is quiet to-night, as it has
been for two days. Encounters of in
dividuals In heated political discussions,
such as occur in any American city of
200,000 inhabitants, are not considered
indicative of more riotous mood. Most
of the Cubans are grieved and distrust
ful regarding the ultimate purpose of
the United States, rather than angered.
Company C of the Fourth Virginia
Regiment is camped upon the Glacis
at the Cabanas fortress and Morro
Cattle. A few Spanish artillerists are
Inside. The Spanish infantrymen in the
city have been withdrawn to a space
covering six blocks, embracing the Cab
balora block, the palace, the residence
of the military governor and the near
by barracks for a few hundred soldiers.
The embarkation of these troops aboard
the transports Chateau la Fitte and
Stuttgart , will take place before 10
| o'clock to-morrow morning, leaving
I Captain General Castellanos and his
j staff of fifteen under the protection of
I Americans.
The sound of hammers is hoard In
| the palace, nailing up boxes containing
: the papers, books and effects of the cap
tain general. The corridors and offices
are strewn with waste paper and use
less trifles.
Colonel Bacallao, chief of staff of
General Ruls Rivera, who has been
confined for a long time, was released
to-day. He looks comely and in good
health. He says that he has been well
treated recently, but that he had a ter
rible time during his imprisonment in
the Cabanas fortress, where he was
confined in a wet, nasty cell. He will
request the American authorities to
try him on the charge of murder in or
der to clear his name. He was released
upon his own recognizance.
General Davis came to Havana from
Pinar del Rio to-day to confer with
General Brooke. He says the province
is peaceful, but asks for another regi
ment to patrol and garrison the remote
parts of the province.
Senator John W. Daniel of Virginia
arrived to-day on the steamer Mas
col
The Spanish royal march was played
this afternoon in the camps of General
Lee's troops.
The band of the Second Illinois has
been selected to play at the palace to
morrow. The band had never played
the royal march before to-day and It
practiced the air four hours. It will
also play the "Star Spangled Banner,"
as the American flag is raised.
BURROWS LIKELY TO
SUCCEED himself
Only Two Candidates Entered in
the Senatorial Contest in"/7
77.; ••f Michigan.
LANSING, Mich., Dec. 31.— contest
for the seat in the United States Senate
now occupied by Senator Burrows was
given fresh impetus this evening by. the
arrival of both the principal candidates,;
I Senator Burrows and Albert Pack of De
troit. The legislative session begins next
; Wednesday. The Senatorial Republican
| caucus will be held Wednesday night, and
, the election doubtless on Thursday.
The Burrows following is the more nu-
I merous here and confident, although the
; Pack men, who are backed by the ardent
workers of Governor Pingree and the
: State administration, are talking hope
: fully of getting more votes than has gen
erally been accredited to their candidate
The efforts of the State administration to
induce more candidates to enter the con
test In the hope of drawing some of the
Burrows strength has not been success
ful, and It now appears that the fight will
be practically between Burrows; who is
known as the Federal candidate,. and
Pack, the Pingree candidate, with .the
odds in the way of pledged votes in favor
of the Senator succeeding himself for the
full six years' term. The Democrats
have brought out no candidate.
Muster Out of Volunteers.
WASHINGTON, Dec. .7 31.— Secretary
Long to-day ordered that about 800 sail
ors, volunteers who enlisted solely for the
war, be mustered out. Only about 200 of
the volunteers are now left ln the service
The .department made this order reluc
tantly, for the effect, will be , to compel
many of the vessels to.be put out of com
mission at a time when they are needed
but under the law. the "Secretary has no
discretion in the matter ,: ....
Eruption of Vesuvius.
NAPLES, 'Dec... 31.-The eruption of
Mount "Vesuvius has occurred from - the
crater formed in. 1875. -Two streams of
lava, each twenty meters broad, .have al
ready reached, the slopes f of Monte Som
ma. which flanks Mount Vesuvius on the
north.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 1, 1899.
BOSTON'S GREAT UNION DEPOT.
Tbe largest railroad.station in the world will be thrown open to the public
at Boston to-day, when trains will begin to leave and enter
the new Soutb Union station, a structure which; taKes the
place of four older and somewhat widely separated stations in
tbe southern part of tbe city, and wtycb b as beer) planned and
built on a scale ample enough- to provide fora century to come.
DEVOLUTION IN
FRANCE BREWS
Trouble Soon Expected
at Paris.
CONSPIRACY OF THE ARMY
DETERMINED TO PLACE NAPO
LEON ON THE THRONE.
If the Civil Authorities Prevent
Dreyfus From Being Liberated
. the Threatened Turmoil
May Be Averted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
' LONDON, Dec. 31.— The rumor that
Prince Victor Napoleon had resigned
his claims in favor of his brother,
Prince Louis, who, by the way, is about
to be created a general in the Russian
army, turns out to be inaccurate. It
is round the person of the former that
dynastic conspiracy has grown to Its
present vast proportions and immi
nence, for it is how certain that the In
tention of the chiefs of the French army
is to place a Napoleon again upon the
throne of France and very soon.
I fully realize the gravity of this
statement, but I make it upon infor
mation which would convince the most
skeptical if I were at liberty to publish
it. I say this is their intention, a fixed,
determined, passionate intention, but
it is easy to understand that In so ex
tremely ticklish an undertaking some
thing may occur to break their wheels.
For example, the French civil authori
ties may take their courage in both
hands and denounce the danger to the
whole people and make a public appeal
to the army before the military con
spirators can do so.
In that case the army would proba
bly rally to the republic in such pro
portion as to render military appeal ob
viously futile beforehand. Or the civil
authorities may convince the Court! of
Cassation that the release of Dreyfus
or the pronouncement of his innocence
would result in the overthrow of the
republic the next day, in which case it
Is . conceivable that even the highest
judges in France would feel compelled
to choose the lesser of two such gigan
tic evils. But unless some such coun
sel of despair prevails you may look
for another French revolution within a
period to be measured by days. •//
GILLETT YEARNS FOR HOME.
Fugitive Jattle Plun er Writes Let
ters to His Friends. 7
ABILENE, Kans.. Dec. Grant C.
Gillett, the departed cattle plunger, has
written several letters to persons here
this week and has In one lengthy commu
nication given a story of his cattle deals,
his profits and losses. He says:
"I may get tired of Mexico soon and
come home."
. The letters are mailed on the railroad
near, the Mexican border. *-.-.;
Brigham "Resigns.
TOLEDO, Ohio, Dec. 31.— W. H. Brig
ham, general manager of the .Woolson
Spice Company since 1896, resigned to-day.
It Is thought the Havemeyers; who con
trol the Woolson concern, will send a man
from the East to succeed him.
Advances made on furniture and piano's, with
or without removal. J. -Nooiuin, 1017-1023 Mission.
DID NOT INTEND
TO MURDER KING
Theresa Kerr Sought to
Commit Suicide.
HE TRIED TO SAVE HE^
*
WAS MORTALLY WOUNDED IN
THE STRUGGLE.
Woman Who Figures in the Los An
geles Tragedy Claims the Dy
ing Man Is Her Law
ful Husband.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 31.— The fact is
established that the mortal wounding of
Chief Deputy City Engineer George B.
King last night, by Theresa Kerr, was
an accident. Between sobs the woman
.to-night told the story of the tragedy.
The evidence would indicate that the
unfortunate woman sought to make
away with herself and* sacrifice her life
that the man she loved might be free.
Attorney Frank Davis was to-night
engaged to defend the woman. Al
though the greatest secrecy . is being
maintained, it is learned from an au
thoritative source what the woman's de
fense will be. It will be sought to prove
that when she met King she pressed
the revolver, which she had concealed
under her skirt, to her heart, Intending
to kill herself, but that King grabbed
the weapon with his right hand. The
woman, being determined to destroy
herself, kept her grip on the revolver.
In the struggle for Its possession the
weapon was discharged and the fatal
wound was inflicted. Miss Kerr's left
hand bears a large powder burn.
Further evidence that the shooting of
King was accidental comes fium the
dying man, who is reported as having
declared in his ante-mortem statement
that he took upon himself all the blame
for the tragedy..*7: 7
The woman, who is well known In
San Francisco and Seattle, is a con
sumptive. She has paced the floor of
fier cell in the City Jail ever since her
arrest, muttering prayers for the re
covery of her lover.
"Oh that George may live and I be
taken in his place,'* Is her constantly
expressed wish. "Surely I could not
harm a hair of his. head, for he Is my
husband. We were married a year ago
last August." _§b£B*§B
This .declaration on the part of the
woman will form an additional link
in the chain of surprises which this
tragedy has revealed. King is in a
dying condition. The physician said
at a late hour that he might possibly
survive until to-morrow noon. •
DIFFERS FROM MILES.
Colonel j Coit Says the "Embalmed
Beef" Was Palatable.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Dec. 31. -Colonel A.
B. Colt, who commanded the . Fourth
Ohio in -Porto Rico, said to-day he found
: nothing wrong with the canned meats
'. supplied the troops. He ate both the beef
, and the corned beef and found them pal
; atable. Some cans- were - spoiled, ■ but
i tney had orders to discard finy can that
j was swelled. -Most of the cases of bowel
I trouble were caused* by .the fresh beef
| shipped from this country, . the colonel
claims. . /
TO CONSOLIDATE
CUBAN RAILWAYS
Big Deal May Soon Be
Consummated.
ENGLISH CAPITAL INTERESTED
ALREADY OWNS THE UNITED
SYSTEM.
VV- '•: ■:-:■'■: ■ -•■ "■■::•. ..._■/. .- : :' : .-...•■■
Lively Scramble Between American
and British Syndicates to Con
trol the Lines on
the Island?
. -
Special Cable to The Call and the new Tork
Herald Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
HAVANA, Dec. 31.— sooner had
the purchase of Havana street railways
been effected than a second and more
Important deal is announced. This is
for the control, consolidation, extension
and equipment of all lines of railway
now in operation on the island. This
time English capitalists seem likely to
win the prize, for the reason that they
already own the United Railway, the
lines of which : run from Havana and
Regla to Matanzas and Cardenas. This
concern also owns the Bank of Com
merce of Havana and the Regla Sugar
Warehouses, all, valuable property. It
will require an investment of $10,000,000
to $15,000,000 to handle this deal, which
means the control of 1100 miles of rail
road already In operation and as much
more in. contemplation, the franchises
for which already exist.
These lines do not parallel the pro
posed route of Secretary Alger's back
bone railroad, yet they tap every field
of production in Cuba and can easily
be connected Into an Integral system.
They have the advantage of touching
all Important seaports, thus giving
cheap water freights.
While the English capitalists seem to
have the advantage at present, they
will not secure the prize without strug
gle. The same American syndicates
that fought for the Havana street rail
ways are ready to advance all capital
necessary for the control of the rail
roads. __________
BELIEVE DUNHAM HAS
NOT BEEN CAPTURED
San Jose Officials Think the Sus
pect at Burlington Is the
"Vvrong Man.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 31.— While great Inter
est centers in the identity of the Dunham
suspect, under arrest at Burlington, lowa,
but few people in this city ; believe the
Campbell murderer has ■ been captured.
Sheriff Lyndon and his deputies think the
lowa -officials are mistaken in the man.
There is no similarity between the hand
writing of the suspect and that of Dun
ham. The general description of Smith
tallies well with that of Dunham, but so
have the descriptions of all the suspects
arrested.
To-day Sheriff Lyndon received a dis
patch from Sheriff Smith of Burlington
saying that photographs' of the man had
been mailed. These should be received
about Wednesday. They will be submit
ted to people who knew Dunham inti
mately and if they are convinced it Is
Dunham the Supervisors will be asked to
send a person East to identify him.
EXPLOSION MAY
REND OUR PLANET
EmineQt Astronomer Predicts a
Volcanic Eruption That Will
Destroy the Earth.
Special Cable to The Call and the Xew York Herald. Copyrighted, 1898,
by James Gordon Dennett.
* T ONDON, Dec. 31.— eminent astronomer, Sir Robert Ball, *'7
* I this week has been giving the public the benefit of his studies in a *
* series of lectures on the moon In its relations to the earth and *
* how the world will come to an end. He says that away down in the *
* vista of the past the earth traveled so fast that a smaller portion flew *
* away and became the moon. Another starting statement was that *
* water would get down through a crack in the bottom of the sea to *
* the center of the earth and cause a volcanic eruption that would end *
* everything. * .
* *
*****#*******************************
FARRAGUT TOWED
TO MADE ISLAND
Turned Over to the
Government.
MOORED IN MIDSTREAM
FIRST TORPEDO BOAT SEEN AT
THE YARD.
Commissioning of the Craft Delayed
Pending the Return of Lieu
tenant Nicholson From.
Seattle.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VALLEJO, Dec. 31.— torpedo-boat
Farragut was brought to Mare Island
shortly after noon to-day to be given
Into possession of the naval authorities.
She was towed up by the tug Reliance,
which brought also a number of cases
containing spare parts, extra machin
ery and stores. These were landed at
the quay wall and taken in charge by
the general storekeeper.
The Union Iron Works was repre
sented by J. 08. Gunn, secretary of
the corporation. Assistant Naval Con
structor Thomas G. Roberts was on
board as representative of the construc
tion department. Mr. Gunn repaired to
the office of the commandant, where
Commodore Watson receipted for the
vessel on behalf of the Secretary of the
Navy. ......... ■ -.., •,.;,- ■■-.'......-
The Farragut Is the first torpedo-boat
to be seen at Mare Island and attracted
great attention. She was moored to a
4* "£_*"•
I The Despairing Cry . I
Of the weak and puny has been heard ; yea, heard by the •*
a» all-powerful Hudyan. This scientific discovery stops the loss, jj
y&. the waste of nerve force and of nerve life. Hudyan reaches the **
"J? weak spots of the entire framework of man — it builds as it goes. *§"*
4+ Hudyan cures men of those disorders and debilities that strong -&
4* drink, dissipation, abuse, brings on. Overworked, overtaxed,
*, overharassed brains and bodies soon become premature. Yes, *2i
J? you may say prematurely old. It is for these very cases that g
jf Hudyan is made. Hudyan is the discovery of the doctors of
7$ Hudson Medical fame. No one else can give you Hudyan. Call *§"•
4* at the Institute or write for Circulars and Testimonials. A
4* CHRONIC PROSTATITIS I NERVOUS DEBILITY f
4* Is a disorder that few doctors really a >l be due to a variet 7 of causes. ,j2»
t. understand. Now, perhaps, you think No two cases are alike for that rea-
4* we are of the few. It is not so. We son * Hudyan is made especially
£ have the living proofs. 100 witnesses, H r ° £ or weak to suit . ea, case £ .
4* 100 testimonials, that Hudyan DOES hudyan cures nervous debility and $2»
£ CURE Chronic Prostatitis; ! the drains and declines of manhood. 7^
Jgt : Hudyan is sure, is safe, is certain. j_L
*? HEADACHES. SORROW "
4* PAINS IN THE BACK, DEBILITY. *£>
Ji PAINS IN SHOULDER. . DISEASE 3
«"£ PAINS IN HIPS MELANCHOLIA. * *T
*-, PAINS IN ABDOMEN. LOSS OF TASTE. A
t? PAINS IN THE LIVER, LOSS OF SMELL. ?
«£ PAINS IN MUSCLES. LOSS OF VIM •§*■
j*-**. All say you need Hudyan. This is i Tell you to get the Hudyan Remedy /*
*TP the treatment that cures. Write or , Treatment. Call or write for Circu- "??
jr\ call for certain proofs. i lars. /*
jtf Premature Weakness is too often the footprint that ' /»
*T marks the way to greater evils. A certain cure is £
"^ THE GREAT HUDYAN REMEDY TREATMENT. 7^
* — .■*
<& CIRCULARS AND TESTIMONIALS FREE. *§*"
* A
4* BLOOD POISON— Is shown in three great stages. It comes on in d»
£ Rl OOD POISON Drea klng-out sores, copper-colored spots, red eye. ■ "*■*
V «t kr>Ti POT«:h-V~ if is cured b >' the 30-DAY CURE. Call or A.
jr. BLOOD POISON- write for 30-Day Cure Circulars. g
1 HUDSON MEDKAT INSTITUTE, |
<% Elli^, Stockton and Market Streets, %
£4 ''; ; SAN FRANCISCO. CAL. ?
midstream buoy and presented a
strange appearance. She sits low ln the
water and with her great length, nar
row beam and knife-like bow looks like
the greyhound she is. She has but one
mast and mounts three rapid-fire guns,
which, in addition to her torpedo outfit,
constitute her means of offense or de
fense.
The time for the vessel going into
commission has not been fixed. It was
thought the ceremony would take place
in a few days, but Lieutenant R. F.
Nicholson, who is to command her, re
ceived telegraphic, orders yesterday to
proceed to Seattle for duty as senior
officer of board to try the torpedo-boat
Rowan. As a consequence the com
missioning of the Farragut will be de
layed till he returns.
CHARGED WITH LIBEL.
Author of Scurrilous Campaign Cir
culars Must Stand Trial.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 31.— James T.
Hlckey, president of the local Book-bind
ers' Union, to-day swore tp a complaint
charging W. F. Husted with criminal
libel. The complaint was issued from the
court of Justice W. A. Henry. Husted
recently admitted that he wrote the cir
culars which were issued during the late
political campaign assailing the charac
ter of the women employed in the bindery
department of the State Printing Office.
SPEED OF THE CHITOSE.
The Japanese Cruiser Goes Nearly
Twenty-Three Knots an Hour.
SANTA BARBARA, Dec. 31.— The trial
trip of the Chitose was again postponed
until Monday. In the preliminary run
this morning the cruiser exceeded her
time of yesterday and maintained a rate
of nearly 23 knots for almost an hour.
Some minor alterations to the steam con
denser will be made before the official
test.
Soquel Ranch Suit Compromised.
SANTA CRUZ, Dec. 31.— suit of Lo
>-;oste et al. against Eastland et al., in
volving over 1000 acres of Soquel Aug
mentation ranch, and which has been In
court since 1566, was compromised to-day
by . the defendants paying $$9600 to the
plaintiffs for their rights.
Dies After an Operation.
WOODLAND, Dec. 31.— Danson A. Mer
rltt died in a Sacramento hospital this
morning from the effects of an operation
for appendicitis performed last Monday.
The funeral will take place In this city
at 2 o'clock next MondayHONORS FOR
TWO CHICAGO
ASTRONOMERS
Barnard and Burn
ham Fortunate.
WOfITH RECOGNIZED ABROAD
ELECTED TO THE ROYAL ASTRO
NOMICAL SOCIETY.
formerly Stationed at Mount Hamil
ton, Where Their Researches
Attracted Wide
Attention.
.--rial Dispatch 1 5 The Ca'il.
CHICAGO, Dec. 31.— Two Chicago as
tronomers have just i" en elected asso
ciate members of the Royal Astrono
mical Society o£ Great Britain. The
honors come, too, in the form of holi
day presents. They are Professor E.
E. Barnard of Yerkes Observatory and
Professor S. W. Burnham of the Uni
versity of Chicago. The honors thus re
ceived by Professors Barnard and
Burnham are very high, and longed for
by all who study the stars, inasmuch
as the associate members, elected by
the Royal Society, are severely limited
in number.
• In this case the distinguished recogni
tion came to men who have been for
many years companions in pleasant
labor in the fields of science. They
have known cadi other and called each
other friend for many years, and on
Christmas day, when they met in the
spacious library and work room of
Yerkes Observatory at Lake Geneva,
each handed to the other his Christ
mas gift. '•'.
Professor Barnard, though still a
comparatively young man. is one of the
foremost and best known astronomers
in. the country, if not in the world,
and has been, in common with Profes
• sot: Burnham, for many years a fre
quent and valued correspondent of the
'Royal Astronomical Society. The pa
• per s of both, contributed to the society ,
•'from time to time, have attracted wide
7attention from the world of science.
■ Professor Barnard several years ago
•was the associate of Professor Burn-,
ham at Lick Observatory. Mount Ham
ilton. Cal. He was also, for a time, sta
tioned at the observatory at Flagstaff,
Arizona, and his astronomical discov
eries at both observatories brought him j
deservedly Into notice in the highest ,
scientific circles of this and other coun- '
tries. He is now in charge of the i
Yerkes Observatory at Lake Geneva.
Professor Burnham has long been a
familiar figure in Chicago. Besides be- j
Ing professor emeritus of astronomy in
the University of Chicago, he is asso
ciate in the valuable work being done!
at i!'.' Yerkes Observatory.
The notices received of the election ;
ns associate members of the Royal As
tronomical Society v.-ere signed by Sir :
William Higgins, foreign secretary of
the society, and read as follows:
ROVAI. ASTRONOMICAL SOCIETY.
BURLINGTON HOUSE, LONDON, Dec. '
10.— Dear Sir: I have th*-- pleasure to in- j
form you that at a meeting of this soci
ety. lieM yesterday, you. were elected an
associate.
Thf diploma will he sent to you after
receiving a seal of the society at the
meeting of the council In January. Per
mit me to add the expression of my high
personal consideration. I have the honor
to remain your faithful servant. • *.
WILLIAM HIGGGINS,
Foreign Secretary. .
IT IS A MEDICAL
SEA SERPEN T STORY
Report of the Transplanting of a I
Rabbit's Eye Into a Woman's
Head Declared Absurd.
PARIS, Dec. 31.— The Daily Mail having
published an account of the surprising
operation successfully performed at Min
neapolis whereby the eye of a rabbit was
transplanted and thus sight restored to
n young woman blind for fifteen years, I
asked the opinion of a few leading sur
geons here oh the operation. All agreed
that in the present state of scientific
knowledge the reported operation was ab
solutely impossible. One said that unless
the details were exaggerated a miracle
had been performed.
Dr. Doyen observed that even if the eye
were successfully transplanted the res
toration of sight would not necessarily
follow, lie says it is a sort of "medical
sea serpent." being a report that reap
pears periodically and always unfortu
nately without any truth in it. ' ''
Dr. A. Le Duntu laughed at the idea.
He said it was tried at Clermont Eerrand
some years ago without avail. Perhaps
if the operation had succeeded it would
be necessary, he said, to repeat it every
four years, a rabbit's life being. so much
shorter than a man's just a- in About.-;
tale "Le Nez dv Notaire," wherein a law
yer whose nose had been cut off in a duel
and replaced it by a grafted piece taken
out of a drunkard's arm finds hat his
nose grows purple every time the owner
of the arm gets drunk.
ZOLA PROMISES A
FRESH SENSATION
Says He Will Show General Zurlin
den's Relations With the
Bonapartists.
LONDON, Dec. 31.— Several of the morn
ing papers publish an interview with
Kmiie Zola, who says he is only kept in
England by the entreaties of his wife and
the urgent advice of Maitre Laborie, his
Paris counsel. But for them he would re
eurn to Paris. I its leisure here he has
utilized, he says, to finish his novel. "La
Feeondite."
M. Zola says he possesses "startling
documents concerning the relations of
General Zurllnden, Military Governor of
Paris, with the Bonapartists."
HAY DISAPPROVES PACIFIC
CABLE CONCESSIONS
This Done in Order to Leave Congress
a Free Hand to Dispose of
the Subject.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 31.— The Secretary
of State to-day formally disapproved the
concession made in July by the Hawaiian
Government to the Pacific i abb- Com
pany for an exclusive rigfc! of laying a
cable to Hawaii. ft is understood that
this action was taken in no spirit of hos
tility to the Pacific Cable Company, but
the concession was disapproved, tirst. on
recount of the formal protest made by
.the Hawaiian Commission, and second
because it seemed best to leave to Con
gress* a -free hand in the disposition of
the whole subject.
BIG BATTLE AT SAHCHIOTSANG.
Imperial Troops Victorious Over the
Insurgents.
SHANGHAI. Dec. "11.-The North China
Dally News' Chunking correspondent tele
graphs that a great battle took place at
Sahchiotsang on December 27, and that
the Imperial troops were victorious over
the insurgents.
AMAZED BY
AMERICA'S
EXPANSION
But Europe Dare Not
Interfere.
IRRITATION BUT RESPECT
NICE THINGS SAID BY THE BRIT
ISH NEWSPAPERS.
Stiffening of the General Policy of
English-Speaking Races
Which Govern Half
the World.
T —
Copyrighted, IS9S, by the Associated Press.
LONDON, Dec. 31.— The Spectator
this week epitomizes the reviews of the
passing year, which till all to-day's
newspapers, declaring that "the domi
nant fact of 1898 has been the rise li
the position of the English-speaking
pies." It describes how Europe has
been amazed and irritated by the ex
pansion of America, though Europe has
not dared to Interfere. But, the Spec
tator says, the powers are apprehensive
that the change may compel a defens
ive coalition of the military powers of
Europe. It also quoted one periodical
as saying that the waves of European
contempt for Great Britain have been
succeeded by respect compelled by the.
stiffening of the general policy of the
English-speaking races, which, "disre
garded in IS'JT, are, in lSi***-., regarded as
the potential equals of the remainder
of the world."
Though usually pessimistic, the Spec
tator concludes in the spirit of Kip
ling's "Recessional," saying: "The
English-speaking peoples may govern
half the world Without graeiouspess or
system, But if they try to govern it
without justice ana consideration for
the rights of others, their dominion will
some terrible day come crashing down."
The word America might well be
written at tne head of an Ulese annual
reviews, as tin- text is so overshadow
ing in the attention which they devote
to the republic's affairs. This new feel
ing contrasts sharply with the same
writers' feelings in recent years, when
they found little worthy of comment,
save the lynchings and the corruption
in different cities. The friendliness of
all articles is equally conspicuous,
though its universal sincerity is not
credited by Americans acquainted with
the inner workings of British foreign
policy, and who know that several of
the papers acquired this good will only
when the British Government, during
the recent war with Spain, hinted to
them that it was a most Important op
portunity to cultivate the friendship of
the United States, and that is should be
i improved. .7 ' . / 7 ,
The only growl comes from the faat
urday Review, which, discussing the
French encroachments on Liberia and
the possibility of its attempted absorp
tion, says: -Would it not be more ap
propriate that the United States should
vent their new imperial ambitions by
taking charge of then wretched off
spring?" -'■"* . * .
The prospectus with which the Amer
ican Anti-Imperialist League supplied
all the newspapers here this week, ap
parently hoping to enlist British sup
port of their movement, was treated re
spectfully but coldly, while the press
unanimously urges the United States -to
suppress the Filipinos summarily it
they are troublesome. . y
The new year brings Ireland the
greatest experiment since cathohp
emancipation, namely, the Initiation of
the local government act, which really,
in many of its features, is an extension
of the emancipation acts and policy.
The femes throughout Ireland are
placarded with the addresses of the
candidates for membership of the dis
trict councils, which the act estab
lishes, and appeals from landlords and
former grand jurors are posted beside
those of tenant farmers and laborers.
While strict party lines are not yet
drawn there is a distinct line of cleav
age one Bet in which the landlord class
predominates, hailing the scheme as a
solution of the Irish problem and
"promising to legislate solely for the
good of the people. The other, chiefly
the laboring class, promises to work in
the new positions along the old lines
for the realization of home rule.
The Irish leaders are divided, as
usual, John Redmond advising the peo
ple to accept the new departure in
good faith, arguing that a successful
administration of the act will lead to
an extension of self-government. Mr.
Dillon exhorts his followers to continue
home rule agitation in the councils.
But whether the cause of the year's
unusual prosperity as shown by the
banks and railroad receipts, the statis
tics of the fisheries, linen or whisky
industries or the Government's conces
sions, political agitation is at the low
est ebb for several years past. Many
Irishmen deem it impolitic to assail the
Government while Parliament has be
fore it bills providing for the establish
ment of a Catholic university and a
board of agriculture. The prospects of
the former seems to have had a most
soothing effect on the clerical agita
tors.
The present upheaval at Johannes
burg is not likely to reach the* fighting
stage, but It is another Item in the bill
of grievances which the Uitlanders
think must eventually be swelled to a
total justifying compulsion upon the
Boers to Improve the status of the for
eign residents in the transvaal republic.
A Londoner who was In prison in con
nection with the Jameson raid and who
has the best acquaintance with the
country, but who is under bonds not to
allow his name to be in political dis
cussion, said: "The logic of events is
driving England toward Interference in
the Transvaal, even more strongly than
the United ' States was driven ty inter
fere in Cuba. President Kruger has
become very friendly to England since
he lost his brief hope of German sup
port, kindled by Emperor William's
telegram. He is probably an honest
fanatic, but he is in the hands of a
ring all rich, whose object is to squeeze
as much as possible out of the for
eigners." \
Cecil Rhodes Is on his way back to
England. Having lived down the en
mity of a portion of the Liberals and
the nonconformists, he is likely to dic
tate the Government's African policy.
The report comes from an unusually
well-informed source that the British
Government contemplates being repre
sented at the tzar's peace conference
by the Prince nf Wales, the Marquis
of Salisbury arid Lord Rosebery, aided
by military and naval commissions. If
true this will give the project im
mensely greater importance than it has
yet attained and fc probably due to the
personal influence of Queen Victoria
Except William T. Stead, who has
thrown his whole energies into the
leadership of the peace conference pro
paganda, the mass If British subjects
are skeptical on the '"whole subject
The island of Crete Is the scene of an
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 1, 1899.
SAD THE PASSING
OF FATHER WALSH
Rector of the Cathedral Paris!} at
SacrameQto Asphyxiated-, by
Escaping Gas.
REV. FATHER MICHAEL WALSH.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 31.— Angelus which clanged from the high
tower of the cathedral this morning, was taken by a group of sor
rowing Churchmen as a requiem for the soul of Rev. Father Michael
Walsh, who was found dead a few minutes before 6 o'clock in the
rector's room in the Episcopal residence. . The sister who parted
with Father Walsh in Oakland yesterday afternoon had no foreboding of
the fate which was to encompass her brother before the dawn of another
day. Those who met him on the train last night were, greeted with a
pleasant smile and a word of cheer.
Father Walsh preached a sermon in the cathedral on Christmas day
before several thousand parishioners. Ever since the elevation of Right
Rev. Thomas Grace to the bishopric of the diocese Father Walsh has
been rector of the cathedral parish. Early and late he labored, leaving his
bed.at all hours of the night to visit the homes of the poor, to adminis
ter the consolation of his religion to some unfortunate in death's
shadow. The work told on the priest, and after the Christmas service he
was given leave to visit his sister, Mrs. Maggie Fennessy.of Oakland. He
returned by a late train last night and went to his room. ?*>..?
This morning when the sexton arose to sound the Angelus upon the
cathedral chimes he detected the odor of gas, which appeared to come
from the direction of Father Walsh's room. The housekeeper was sum
moned and together they obtained entrance to the apartment. Horror took
the place of their first indefinable fears when they discovered the priest
lying in his' night raiment on the bed, dead. ?■ --
Bishop Grace was at once notified, 'with other merhbers of the Epis
copal household, and after their first shock of grief they made a quick
investigation into the cause of his sad passing.
' When the Episcopal residence was built some years ago electricity
was- not in common use and the house was fitted with ordinary gas fix
tures* Afterward, when electricity was introduced more generally wires
were' run along the fixture's and light bulbs attached to the ends next to
the gas jets. This brought the electric light buttons and the gas stop
cocks within two or three inches of each other. It is' the belief that when
Father Walsh had prepared himself for bed he turned off the electric
lgiht. and in so doing his wrist moved the gas stopcock sufficiently to
permit a steady flow of gas during the night.. The night was bitterly
cold. and Father Walsh had observed his practice of closing the win
dows and the transom, his system being peculiarly susceptible to low
temperature-.
During the night Rev. Father Brady, whose room is not far away,
awoke and thought he heard Father Walsh murmuring in his sleep.
"He is dreaming, no doubt." thought, the priest. The sounds died
away and they were the last Father Brady- will ever hear from the lips
of his beloved colleague.
Father Walsh was born in Westerford, Ireland, forty-six years
ago. In Carson City, Nev., twenty-six years ago, he began his duties as
a priest. He was afterward associated with Rev. Father Hines at Wood
land and assumed the rectorate of the local parish when Father Grace
became bishop.
The funeral will take place on Tuesday morning and the pontifical
requiem mass, to be celebrated by Bishop Grace, will be attended by
priests from all points in the diocese, which embraces Northern Cali
fornia and most of the State of Nevada. Bishop Grace was the recipient
to-day of messages of sympathy and sorrow from prominent churchmen
in all parts of the State.
.H-B-B-88-B-B-n-B-H-fl-B-B-H-B-B-B-B-B-B-B
experiment similar to the one betrayed
In Cuba. Prince George of Greece, who
was formally installed this week as
high commissioner of the powers, seems
to appreciate the fact that he has an
opportunity to advance the prestige of.
Greece as well as his own personal
prestige. He has begun to rule with
an iron hand. The Prince found the
Island honeycombed with religious and
political factions, each threatening out
rages upon its enemies. He quickly
ordered the soldiers to adopt drastic
measures and announced that he would
suppress disorder even if he had to turn
the whole island into barracks. His
policy and Christian rule are so dis
tasteful to the Moslems that they are
leaving in droves and there is a pros
pect that the island will soon be popu
lated solely by Christians and that it
will enjoy a prosperity hitherto un
known to it.
The projected maritime canal. through
Nicaragua and Costa Rica has been the
subject of informal conferences be
tween cabinet ministers and diplomats
during the holiday week and the results
confirm the forecast cabled to the As
sociated Press that the British Gov
ernment favors the canal being built
by the United States, with guarantees
of its neutrality in case of war. The
negotiations on the subject are not be
ing hurried. They have hardly passed
beyond personal exchanges of views be
tween representatives of the two gov
ernments. But they are expected to
proceed smoothly to a conclusion satis
factory to the American supporters of
the canal project.
The Rothschilds, acting chiefly on
the advice of John Hays Hammond, the
American engineer who was in prison
sentenced to death and subsequently re
prieved and released on the payment of
a heavy fine for connection with the
Johannesburg troubles at the time of
the Mamieson raid, have entered into
gold mining on the .west coast of
Africa, which they believe to be one of
the greatest fields.
They have sent a force of engineers
there under the leadership of a young
Californian named Hoffman, and pros
pecting will be conducted on a scientific
basis. Hammond predicts that Africa's
gold output next year will be $100,000.
--000, which is said to be far beyond Cali
fornia's high-water mark.
Mr. Chamberlain, Secretary of State
for the Colonies, and Mrs. Chamberlain
slept and dined at Osborne House, the
residence of Queen Victoria, to-night.
GILLETT THE CAUSE
OF A BANK'S FAILURE
j Held the Cattle Plunger's Paper,
Which Caused a Run That Could
Not Be Checked.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo.. Dec 31.— Central
Savings Bank of St. Joseph has suspended
business. It has gone into voluntary
liquidation. This action is due primarily
to the failure of G. G. Gillett. the Kansas
cattle plunger. The bank held several
thousand dollars of his paper. The sum
was not really large enough to do the In
stitution even temporary injury, but when
the fact became known public depositors
were frightened and started a run. This
was three weeks ago. The directors tem
porarily closed, re-established confidence |
and resumed business alter two days.
Patrons continued withdrawals, however,
and the death of Louis I lax. the million
aire president of the bank, on December
_.".. brought matters to a crisis. Secretary
of State Lessar was here to-day and held
a conference with, the directors. Applica
| tion was made for a receiver to Judge
Woodson, in chambers, and he appointed
Milton Tootle Jr., president of the Tootle- |
Lemon Bank.
The directors state that dollar for dol
lar will be paid, 'the capital stock of the
Central Savings Bank is $.-V),000. and the
deposits aggregated $*000,000, largely owned
by wage-earners.
PNEUMONIA THREATENED.
Representative Dingley Is Attended
... by a Physician.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 31. -Representa
tive Dingley of Maine, who has been con
fined to his room for several days, Is
threatened with pneumonia. He was at
tacked on Wednesday last with the grip,
and has since been ill enough to require
the attendance of a trained nurse but
there were no indications of a change in
the disease until the last call to-night of
the hospital physician, Dr. Deale. This
call was made about 11 o'clock, and aft
erward the doctor said there were very
strong symptoms of pneumonia. He add
ed ■ that there was at present nothing
alarming in Mr. Dingley's 'condition.
-Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
FIEND'S LIFE
ENDS ON THE
GUILLOTINE
Execution of Joseph
Vacher.
FRENCH "JACK THE RIPPER"
_ __ .
COMMITTED OVER. A SCORE OF
MURDERS.
His Most Prominent Victim, the
Marquis de Villeplaine, Stain
While Walking in
His Park.
BDecial Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Dec. 31.— Joseph Vacher, the
French "Jack the Ripper," was guillo
tined at Bourghon-Bresse, capital of
the Department of the Am, this morn
ing. He protested his innocence and
simulated insanity to the last.
Vacher, who was 29 years of age, was
condemned at the October assizes.
Early in life he Is known to have bru
tally murdered ' four boys, six women
and girls and an old widow.- Most of
the victims were tending herds, when
Vacher came behind them and cut their
throats.
The crimes of Vacher really sur
passed in number and atrocity those of
the Whitechapel murderer known as
"Jack the Ripper." His homicidal
mania first broke out in 1894. In de
fense of Vacher, it Was pointed out that
when a youth he was bitten by, a mad
dog, and that the village herbalist gave
him some medicine, after drinking
which he became irritable and brutal,
whereas he had previously been quiet
and inoffensive. It also appears, from
these statements, that from that time
he had a passion for human blood.
* The exact number of Vacher's vic
tims will never be known, but, it is said,
twenty-three assassinations had been
brought home to him in October last,
and the number was added to as time
.wore on. In fact, it is doubtful whethei
the murderer himself knew the real
number of his victims. He nonchalantly
told the details to the examining Magis-
I trate as they came back to his mind,
' and in each case the investigation fur
j nished full corroboration of Vacher's
' narrative. The bodies were all found
|in the places he indicated— in thickets,
or in unused wells. He seems to have
killed merely for the sake of killing.
The most prominent victim of Vacher
I was the Marquis de Villeplaine, who
was killed while walking in his park in
the southwestern part of France, not
far from the Spanish frontier. Vacher
crept up behind him, felled him with a
heavy stick and then cut his throat.
The murderer carried off the coat of
the Marquis and his pocketbook, con-.
! taining some banknotes. He then
sought refuge in Spain.
The boasting of the murderer led to
the detection of a number of his crimes
after his arrest. For instance he killed
a boy, 16 years of age, named Bully,
near Lyons, in June f 1897. « The crime
would not have been discovered but for
the boastings of Vacher, as the lad was
a notorious poacher and chicken-thief
and his disappearance created no stir
at all. " y ;
FUNERAL SERVICES OVER
REMAINS OF MORRILL
Impressive Ceremonies in the Senate
Chamber Witnessed by Many
Prominent Persons.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 31.— Funeral serv
ices over the remains of the late Senator
Justin S. Morrill of Vermont were held in
the United States Senate chamber at
noon. They were conducted with Impres
sive dignity in the presence of a distin
guished assemblage, Including the Presi
dent end Vice President, members of the
Cabinet, Justices of the Supreme Court,
Senators and Representatives ih Con
gress, the Speaker of the House and rep
resentatives of the army and navy and of
the diplomatic corps, as well as of a con
course of private citizens, who took this
means of testifying the affectionate re
gard in which Mr. Morrill was universally
held.
Early in the day the remains were borne
from the family residence on Massachu
setts avenue to the Capitol. There was no
service at the house, and the funeral cor
tege to the Capitol was simple and for
mal. Arriving there, the casket was car
ried direct to the Senajte chamber and
deposited in the semicircle area immedi
ately in front of the presiding officer's
desk.
It was 1 o'clock when the ceremony
concluded and the President and Cabinet
led the way past the casket, taking a final
look at the calm, silent face, and then
retired. The. casket remained in the Sen
ate chamber, where it will be left until
borne to the train to-morrow morning
en route to Montpelier, Vt.
WATERSHEDS GARBED
IN A WHITE MANTLE
Heavy Fall of Snow in the Mountains
and Foothills of Shasta
County.
REDDING, Dec. 31.— 1t began snowing
here at dusk, the storm coming from the
northwest. It Is quite cold, with all the
conditions favorable to a heavy snowfall.
In the surrounding mountains snow be
gan falling earlier in the day, and. unless
there is a sudden change In the tempera
ture by morning a heavy blanket of "the
beautiful" will cover the watersheds with
a stored supply of water for the placer
miners, who have been waiting for two
years for just such a visitation. The only
damage that can be inflicted Is to the
stock interests, and it is doubtful if any
losses will be sustained in that direction.
Business men. farmers and miners will
regard to-morrow as a gladsome New
Year. ■- ■■-'■ -
LOSOLIVOS.Dec. 31.— This morninerwas
the coldest of the season, the thermome
ter registering eleven degrees above. Ice
formed indoors for the first time since
ISS7. The wind was from the southeast
to-day.
PROTESTS AGAINST ROBERTS.
Resolution Presented to the Kansas
Legislature.
TOPEKA, Kans.. Dec. ,31.— The Senate
to-day adopted by a unanimous vote a
resolution requesting the Kansas Repre
sentatives in Congress to use', their ut
most endeavors to prevent the seating, of
B. H. Roberts, the polygamist of Utah,
as a member of the next House of Repre
sentatives. ■'•:••' i •
A similar resolution was introduced, in
the House yesterday afternoon, but went
over under the rules.
Suicide of a Stereotyper.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 31.— Joseph Bow
man, a young man employed in the Re
cord-Union office as a stereotyper, com
mitted suicide this afternoon by shoot
ing himself in the head. No cause for
the act Is kno^-n. He was seemingly
in the best of spirits a few moments be
fore he shot himself.
Baseball Rivals to Clash.
WOODLAND. Dec. 31.— The Woodland
and Winters baseball clubs will meet on
the local diamond to-morrow. There is
great rivalry between the two clubs.
FORSAKES THE
SIXTEEN TO
ONE RATIO
An Illinois Democrat's
Advice. .
FRIEND OF ALTGELD SPEAKS
PARTY OF BRYAN MUST ALTER
ITS POLICY.
Declares It Should Favor No Set
Figures as to the Relative
Values of Silver
and Gold.
*- ' -
. V.
Saecial Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Dec. 31.— Ex-Judge S. P.
McConnell, one of the Illinois delegates
at-large to the National Democratic
Convention in 1896, delivered an ad
dress before the Monticello.Club to-day,
which caused a good deal of talk among
local Democrats, particularly in view
of the fact that he has been a close
political associate of ex-Governor John
P. Altgeld. The speaker began by
quoting these declarations of the club:
"We oppose all trusts and monopolies In
order that wealth may not gain undue ad
vantage and that competition shall be
free and unrestrained among the people.
We oppose the single gom standard and
favor the restoration Of bimetallism, re
gardless of the action or desire of any
other nation.
He said in part:
These declarations, ln my judgment, are
expressive of the great mission of the Dem
ocratic party. I am inclined, however, to
believe that the ttrst includes the second,
and that the war against monopolies and
trusts means war against the single gold
standard, if the contest is to be waged
intelligently and effectively. lam certain,
too, that the Ilrst declaration , requires
and means hostility to protective tar
iff laws. in fact, under the encourage
ment and aid of these laws the trusts and
combinations encroaching upon free com
petition are called into existence. Even
after all that has been said a~ainst the
combinations, trusts and monopolies, I am
far from convinced that the body of the
people equally appreciate the great peril
to their wordlv welfare springing from
these vast aggregations of capital, which
are gradually absorbing and controlling
the industrial activities of the country.
Thousands' who voted for Mr. McKinley
In 1896 are ready to join us in a campaign
to be waged against- trusts, combinations
and monopolies. They only need evidence
; that we will tight euectively.
There is but one plank in the platform
' of 1896 which prevents these thousands be
ing openly and aggressively with us. They
do not. believe in the remonetization of
silver at the ratio of 16 to 1 of gold. They
regard it as even less defensible now than
two years ago.
The question for us to * consider Is
whether we are showing an appreciation
of the relative importance of issues when
we seem to be willing to run the peril
of repeating the experience of 1896 rather
than to modify our proposition regarding
the ratio between silver and gold. To my
mind the 16 to 1 proposition i.as always
savored 'something of superstition, and
I have come to believe that the best
friends of bimetallism are not those who
refuse to have it except -on this condi
tion. I should begin to be skeptical of
their- value as opponents of monopoly If
they persist that it must be fought only
in connection with those radical demands
for the restoration of silver at the value
it had more than a quarter of a century
ago. .. * ■- ■:.-;•
With aggressive declarations In the
platform of 1900 against trusts and mon
opolies and against their great allies and
supports— the gold standard and protec
tive tariff— without insisting on a particu
lar value for silver in a plan for its re
monetization or a particular schedule for
a revenue tariff, and .with the same great
leader (Bryan) for its candidate, the
Democratic party will be assured of suc
cess and the people through its victory
will be assured of tne blessings of healthy
competition, freedom in trade and honest
money. • y . . j i
DARRAH'S SLAYER FREED.
John F. Milner's Fourth Trial Re
sults in an Acquittal.
RIVERSIDE, Dec. 31.-John F. Milner,
who shot and killed S. J. Darrah near
Banning in September, 1897, in a dispute
over a water right, was acquitted to-day
on his fourth trial. On the first trial Mil
ner was convicted of murder in the sec
ond degree, but got a new trial. On the
second' trial he was convicted of man
slaughter! and sentenced to six years. He
was given a new trial by the Supreme
Court. The third trial resulted in a dis
agreement by the jury and now the fourth
jury sets him free. Milner has spent a
year in the County Jail.
Condemns Anti-Semitic Crusade.
LONDON, Dec. 31.— The Paris corre
spondent of the Daily Chronicle says: In
clerical circles it is asserted that the Pope
will issue an encyclical condemning the
anti-Semitic crusade in Algeria, and inci
dentally alluding to the Dreyfus case.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
When a young man asks a father for his
daughter's hand in marriage, if toe father
is a wise one, he thinks of one thing equal-
ly as important as the young man's morals,
social and business standing and intelli
gence. A young man who suffers from ill-
health has no right to marry until his health
is restored. To do so is to commit a crime
against the human race. While all diseases
may not be directly inherited, the constitu-
tional tendency to acquire them is inher-
ited. If a man is a consumptive, the
chances are that his children will have
weak, undersized lungs, and a predisposi-
tion to acquire the same disease.
The young man who suffers from bron-
chitis, weak lungs, spitting of blood or any
disease of the air-passages which, if neg-
lected leads up to consumption, may take
Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery with
almost absolute assurance of recovery. It
cures 98 per cent, of all -cases when taken
in time. It soothes and heals the delicate
and sensitive tissues of the air-passages and
lungs, checks the cough, facilitates expect-
oration, drives out all impurities land dis-
ease germs from the tainted blnod and
builds new and healthy tissues. f!
• Mr. John G. Born, of 4020 Liberty Aye.. Pitts-
burgh, Pa., writes : "Some thirty months ago I
said to my wife. ' I don't want to keep anything
from you, I must tell you I am in the last stage
of consumption.' In December 1896 I commenced
taking Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery.
I could then only speak in whispers. I have
taken thirteen bottles, and can say with truth I
am greatly benefited. People are surprised to
hear me speak. I can halloo, and my v c has
not been as good in eight years, My stomach
was never in better condition. Formerly I could
not eat without suffering very much immediately
after, but now I can eat anythiasv".'.
JUST WHAT
YOU WANT
iasr your
: Bathroom, Bedroom,
Dining-room, Nnrsery,
Library or Office.
Oil Heater,
..THAT HEATS..
No Odor, No Smoke, No Ashes!
Up |to Date in Quality!
Down to Date in Prices!
W. W. MONTAGUE & GO.
HEADQUARTERS
FOR HEATING AND COOKING
APPARATUS OF ALL KINDS,
309 to 311 Market Street, S. F.
STATEMENT
OF
CAPITAL STOCK
— -OP THE
■>-m r ■■ -
GERMAN SAVINGS
AND LOAN SOCIETY
A CORPORATION* DOING BUSINESS AT NO.
526 CALIFORNIA STREET.
Dated December 31st, 1898.
Capital «>tock actually paid up In
gold coin , $i.noo. 00
Reserve fund, actually paid up in
geld coin 835,000 00
B. A. BECKER.
President of The German Savings and Loan
Society. . .
GEO. TOURNY. '
Secretary of The German Savings and Loan
Society: :*.- Ua
. STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
City, and County of San Francisco, ss. '
B. A. BECKER and GEORGE TOURNY, he-
ing each separately, duly sworn, each for him-
self, says: That said B. A. BECKER Is Presi-
dent, and that Bald GEORGE TOURNY is Sec-
retary of' THE GERMAN SAVINGS AND
LOAN SOCIETY, the corporation above men-
tioned, and that the foregoing .statement Is
true. . ' < *
B. A. BECKER.
GEO. TOURNY.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 31st
day of December, 1898. ' X
(Seal.) .-.,... GEO. T. KNOX.
Notary Public in and for the City and Coun-
ty of San Francisco, State of California. '■' *-
SIXTY-SECOND HALF YEARLY REPORT
OF THE
GERMAN SAYINGS AND
: LOAN SOCIETY,
526 -California Street,
SAN FRANCISCO. CALIFORNIA.
SWORN STATEMENT
Of the condition and value of the assets and
liabilities of The German Savings and Loan
Society, a corporation doing business at No.'
526 California street, in the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California, and
where said assets are situated, on December
'31, 1898.
'.
ASSETS. .  .7
1— 57,000,000 United. States 4 per cent
registered bonds, the
value of which is $7,840,000 09
These bonds are kept .
In a box in the vaults
of and rented from the
New York Stock Ex-
change Safe Deposit
Company in New York
City.
$2,253.000 Miscellaneous first mort-
gage railroad bonds of
the State of California, ,
cable and street rail- "
way. light and other ■'; ii*.-,
corporation first mort-
gage bonds, the value
of which Is _....-... 2,383,500 09
All of said bonds are
kept ln the vaults of the
corporation.
* $9,285,000 $10,229,500 00
Standing on the books of the cor-
poration at $9,866,474 25
Promissory notes secured by first
mortgages on real setate, within
this State, the States of Ore-
gon. Washington, Nevada and
Utah.
The value of said promissory notes :
is , 15.812.304 32
3 — Miscellaneous railroad, cable and
street railway first mortgage
bonds, and other corporation
Stock certificates pledged to the
society for the amount of 682,700 00
All said notes, bonds and certifi-
cates are held and kept by said
corporation in its own vaults. *
4— Bank building and lot, the value .
of which is 150.000 00
Other real estate situated in the
States of California, Oregon,
Washington and Utah, the value
of which is 1,484,352 75
6— Furniture in the bank office, of
. said corporation 1,000 00
7— Cash in United States gold, and .'-* V 7
sliver coin, kept by said corpora-
tion in its own vaults, the actual
value of which is 1.335.062 77
Total $29,334,894 09
LIABILITIES.
1— Depositors: Said corporation
owes deposits amounting to, and
the value of which is $27,289,195 78
2— Stockholders: The amount of
capital stock, actually paid up. in
gold coin, the value of which Is.. 1,000,000 00
The condition of said liability to * ;
stockholders is. that no nart of
the amount can be paid to them
or in any way be withdrawn, ex-
cept In payment of losses during
the existence of the corporation. „;
nor until all depositors shall
have been paid in full the
amount of their deposits and ac-
crued dividends.
3— To Depositors and Stockholders:
(a.*) The amount of the reserve :.••-.•
fund in gold coin, the value of
which is 895,00000
Including the amount of matured
but uncollected Interest, on
loans.
(b.) The amount of the contin- .
gent fund, the value of which Is. 67,148 40
The condition of said funds is.
that the same have been created
for the purpose of additional se-
curity to depositors against
losses. '*.•■'■
State, city and county taxes as-
sessed by the Government, but.
not yet payable ...' 83.551
Total $29,334,394 09
B. A. BECKER.
President of The German Savings and -Loan
Society.
GEO. TOURNY.
Secretary of The German Savings and -Loan
Society. vy.y>^' y y-y.\->: ?
STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
City and County of San Francisco, ss.
B. A. BECKER and GEORGE TOURNY ' be*
Ing each separately, duly sworn, each for him-
self, says: That said B. A. BECKER Is Presi-
dent, and that said GEORGE TOURNY is Sec-
retary of THE GERMAN SAVINGS AND
LOAN SOCIETY, the corporation above men-
tioned, and * that the foregoing statement is
true. ',;
t B. A. BECKER,
GEO. TOURNY. 7),
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 31st
day of December, .1898. '-•■*\V-
(Seal.) - ■•-. GEO. T. KNOX.
Notary Public in and for the City and County
. of San Francisco. State of California.
56
SUNDAY JANUARY i, ' 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE- .....Market and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
.terved by carriers In tljls city and surrounding towns
fcr 15 cents a week- By mail $6 per year: per month
(5 cents. 7 ;.
THE WEEKLY CALL, I*3 p__.es .-One year, by mall. $1
OAKLAND OFFICE. 7, 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE ...Room ISS. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON <D. C.) OFFICE- Rififis House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE..-...-- .?.:.... '.....*.. Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNE6S, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— Mootgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
"?:50 o'clock. 621 McAllister, street, open urjtll 9*30
o'clock. 615 Larkin street, open urjtl' 9:30 otlock-
-1941 Mission street, open urjtll 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
ttreet, 'corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2510
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock. '06 Eleventh
street, open uotll 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
.until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
' Columbia— Jubilee.
California— "Oliver Twist." ' ' "."- '
Alcazar- "A Midnight Uell."
Tivoli— 'The Yellow Dwarf."
Morosco's— "The White Squadron."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Cornedy — "A Uoniance of Coon Hollow."
Th? Chutes— Gorilla Han, Vaudeville and the Zoo.
OJympia — Corner Mason and Eddy streets,, Specialties.
Glen Park Mission Zoo. "o -
Intj>»|it< Coursing Park— Coursing To-day.
Central Park— The Steeplechase.
Recreation Park Baseball,
Metropolitan Hall— Rosenthal Piano Recital, Tuesday even-
<ip, January 3.
Oakland Racce Track— Uacea to-morrow.
HAPPY NEW YEOR.
WITH watch services in the churches, with
merry parties at home, with uproar upon the
streets, with music and dancing and laughter,
with ail forms of joy and modes of expressing it,
wo have ushered the old year out and welcomed the
new year in. With good resolves and with bright
expectations the dawn is greeted and out of their own
sanguine hopes men and women find the inspiration
of a most cordial wish for a happy new year for all.
With the exception of the menace of another dry
season which impends above us from our cloudless
skies, there arc no reasons for doubting the new
year will be one of unexampled prosperity for all of
our people. Industry has not only revived from the
long depression but has attained an unprecedented
activity. The products of our factories as well as of
our farms are making their way in all the great mar
kets of the earth, and the demand for them has so ex
panded our foreign commerce that it has become the
marvel of the world.
The fear of a possible gold stringency which in the
past haunted the minds of so many persons and ren
dered some timid capitalists unwilling to venture new
enterprises has been banished. Not only has the
gold supply of the United States been augmented by
importations from abroad as well as from the out
put of our own mines, but the gold supply of the
world has been enormously increased.
. It is estimated that within the last seven years the
increase of the world's supply of gold has amounted
to as much as forty per cent, and that if the present
rate of gold production continues the world's supply
will rise during this new year to $5,000,000,000/ and
c that of this the United States will have more than
$*i,r;bo.ooo,ooo.
. When the old year began Cuba was ravaged by
Spanish tyranny and the necessity of our interference
even at the risk of war was apparent. Those evils no
•. longer cloud the sky. The war has been gloriously
fought out, and not only Cuba but Porto Rico and
the? Philippine- as well, have been freed from the old
time oppression, The new year begins with peace
assured at home and abroad. We have added addi
tional honor- to our arms and another glorious page
to our history. We have also so clearly demonstrated
our military power it is not likely any nation will
provoke us to war. and we may, therefore, look
forward to another long extended peace.
3. Out of the old year, morevcr, there comes the as
..-.■■--- '■»-■ . . ■ . »-.-■ ,'. - ■ y■• -•■ . ■ .. -
surance of a restored confidence between the North
and the South which i- full of promise for the new.
Never since the nation began was there so little of
sectional antagonism in our politics and our social
feelings. In the gladness of that union of hearts as
well as of hands the interchange of mutual wishes of
.prosperity among all parts of the republic will he
more fervent than ever. However it may be with the
fortunes of individuals, that of the Union is likely to
be the brightest and most golden in its history,
through all the seasons of the glad new year. •
The State Superintendent of Instruction does not
think teachers' institutes conducted so as to be help
ful. If this opinion is well founded perhaps he can
inaugurate. reforms. Neither are Boards of Educa
tion managed as they should be, but there seems no
method of reform short of sending a lot of rogues to
fail; and the rogues, each equipped with a pull, refuse
to go.
An employe of the Wells-Fargo Express Company
has run away with $60,000 of its funds, a wicked and
reprehensible act. However, it may be he salves his
conscience by the reflection that by violation of the
internal revenue bill the company had acquired a
much larger sum than that with which he eloped.
Attorney Knight says one can never guess what a
jury will do. He might have added that one can
safely guess no twelve intelligent men can be swayed
by the bully-ragging tactics of an advocate who treats
a witness as a criminal. •??* •
Nicholas Brennan has escaped punishment for a
peculiarly heinous offense, and there is no way in
which he could better express his gratitude than by
hanging, himself. He owes something to the com
munity now. ..--.'
Widber says that at the end of his term he will be
on Easy street, which being interpreted probably
means that he knows where there is some of the gold
Mayor Phelan supposed himself to be hefting. i
'71f the Dunning case is in arty measure responsible
for, the instances of poisoning reported from™ New
York to Texas, perhaps the sequel to it will in some
measure serve as an antidote.
= When the School Board voted to suspend rules it
made a mental reservation as to "the rule of acting
at the behest of a rascally majority.
Justice can easily be imagined casting an eye along
murderers' row and calling, confidently, "Next!" '
THE RAILROAD AND ITS CANDIDATE.
IT would be inconceivable, it it were not apparently
•?a palpable fact, that the Southern Pacific Com
pany should seriously attempt to foist Dan Burns
upon the State of California as the successor of Sen- ;
ator White and the colleague of Senator Perkins. So ;
grotesque* a caricature of a true representative of the
sovereign dignity of the State would be as anomalous
as the horse that Nero elevated to the dignity of a
consul. The excuse for that seemingly mad act
might have been that, in the filthy politics and de
based society of those days, the horse was a nobler
animal than man. In, the case before us, however,
no such palliation would exist. The election of Dan
Burns would be nothing less than the wanton and
arbitrary exercise of power by a corporation,- drunk
with success' arid- determined to slap and kick the
public with a reckless disregard of consequences.
In the late canvass the press and the people were
made to believe that the Southern Pacific Company
was out of politics. That did not imply that its
officers and its employes should abstain from exer
cising their legitimate influence as citizens upon the .
election. But it did mean that, in a corporate sense j
and especially in the methods of canvassing, the hand
of the railroad, had been withdrawn. It is probably j
true that, owing to the intelligence and the independ- |
ence of the people and th- ttSSlty of abstinence
from any ostensible and improper interference with
the exercise of the elective franchise, the result of
lie election was an expression in this, as in other
States, of the popular will, based upon principle and
upon practical issues. But the undisclosed and secret
intention to rule the State after the election has now
been manifested, unless all signs have failed. It is at
least generally believed that the Southern Pacific
Company has determined, in the face of every ob
stacle, to elect Dan Burns, and whether this be the
actual fact or that Dan Burns is a dummy and used
as an adroit diversion to secure the choice of some
other candidate equally objectionable, is immaterial.
There was never a better chance than the defeat of
the fusion candidates offered to extirpate from our
local politics every disturbing and corrupt element, to
close the long and dreary conflict between the domi
nant railroad and the people, which,, for so many
years, has paralyzed enterprise and arrested natural
progress and development, and to unite all good citi
zens in a supreme effort to utilize the advantages and i
the opportunities that lie thickly around us and to j
bring about an era of matchless prosperity and good
feeling.
The good faith of the Republican press is proved by
the unanimity with which it denounces the impudent j
pretensions put forward by the advocates of the gentle
man from Mexico. And a somewhat important ele
ment to be considered is the Legislature itself. The
presumption is that it is a representative body, fresh
from its constituent? and not owned or to be handled j
by mercenaries or corruptiOnists. It is difficult, in- j
deed impossible, even to conjecture that there could
be boldnc-g;, venality and stolidity enough in the
members oTan Assembly and a Senate who less than
two months ago were proclaiming their own man
hood and freedom from railroad influence all over j
the State, and who have been selected in the neigh
borhoods where they reside as exemplars of intelli
gence, education and character, to enable them delib
erately to elect a man like Dan Burns at the bidding of
a corporation and in the face of the press and the i
people. There have been and there are many j
audacious scoundrels in this world and in this part i
of the world, but they are not usually sent to those j
legislative councils which are supposed to form the
most complete and the most sensitive connection be
tween citizens and the government. Some men have
strong nerves and rotten hearts, but there are few
who are more than willing, even anxious, to disgrace
not only themselves, but their families and their ,
neighbors, and then return to localities where they
must obviously be held in contempt for the remainder
of their lives. Instances of secret corruption are not
unfamiliar even under popular institutions, but the
unblushing parade of treachery, dishonesty and ser- j
vility is a rare exception among free American citi- i
zens. The Republican party is a political organiza
tion which went before the country in the late elec- |
! tions upon its record, its principles and its sturdy ,
j professions of patriotism and purity. It was helped
by many of the ablest and best Democrats, who re
jected the free silver heresy and the proposed disrup- j
tion of the constitution through bare majorities. I
What a despicable attitude it would occupy in this ;
[ State if, within a few weeks of its entrenchment in i
S popular confidence? it became, through its Legisla- !
ture, the purchased vassal of a railroad and sent an i
i exposed and arrant knave, with a triple crown of j
infamy on his head, as a chosen agent of the State j
iin the Federal Senate. • .
i
We do not believe that this unprecedented outrage
upon the nation, upon the State, upon the men who
fill the seats of Webster, Clay, Calhoun, Benton,
Douglas, Col lamer, Cass and the other illustrious
statesmen who wrought upon* the structure of this
mighty nation, will, be perpetrated. We have no
reason to disparage the gentlemen who are about to
assemble at Sacramento, as recent telegrams pub
lished in The Call amply attest. We feci confident
that they will not disparage themselves by sinking
into the quagmire which is now shaking beneath
thtir feet. The perception of an attempt even to
treat them as lewd and purchasable justifies indigna
tion and is a sufficient excuse for alarm.
California has not usually been represented in the
United States Senate by common or by bad men.
William M. Gwin was a man of commanding pres
ence, of great ability and energy, familiar with the
leading statesmen of the country, who, though not
possessed of the charm of oratory or facility in
debate, nevertheless accomplished much for this com
monwealth. John R. Wcller, first Senator and then
Governor, had a national reputation. David C. Brod
erick, whose rise from obscurity to the United States
Senate was a marvelous exhibition of capacity and
of force, who lived without a personal vice and who
died in honor, was an ornament to the Chamber, in
which he discerned the evidence of his father's handi
work. Milton S. Latham, first Governor and then
Senator, possessed brains and culture to an unusual
degree. James A. McDougal was powerful in debate
and attained a prophetic height by the prescience with
which he detected the French designs upon Mexico
and strengthened the hands of the patriots who finally
executed Maximilian. A. A. Sargent exhibited keen
intelligence and remarkable 'industry, applied to
knowledge of details, and ably transacted the business
of the State and of the country. A. P. Williams was !
a merchant of broad. mind and of unusual capacity !
for work. Newton Booth was a scholar and a
dialectician who secured national renown.
We have omitted reference to the incumbents of this
high office during recent years, but these are a few
names taken from the list of our Senators for nearly
half a century. They awaken reminiscences that ex
cite pride and not shame.- Of our present Senators it
need only be said that they are able, laborious. and
conscientious men.
7. If a'Senatorship. could be purchased, then the sale
should be by auction to the highest bidder.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 1, 1599.
AVOID THE CAUCUS SCHEME.
. .-.■■-...
HOWEVER cunningly the '* campaign of Dan
Burns has been conducted, there is only one
way in which he can secure final triumph. This
is through the agency of a caucus. No further rea
son need be given why there should be no caucus. •
There are certain members who are afraid to vote
for Burns or a creature of Burns on account of the
storm of disapproval whifh would come from their
homes. These members there will be an endeavor to
use by means of a caucus. If sixty-one Republicans
go into caucus and agree to be bound by the majority
rule, as. is often done, then any candidate who gets
thirty-one votes will actually, by virtue of themajor
ity rule, receive the indorsement of sixty-one votes, or
enough members to elect. Thus; by securing thirty
one votes, which is only about one-fourth of the mem
bership of both houses, a candidate can be elected
United States Senator.
That there is danger of this result must be realized
because members who dare not vote for Burns under
other circumstances would shield themselves behind
the following argument: "I did not vote for him. I
never would have voted for him, but we pursued the
usual course, entered a caucus and agreed to be bound
by the votes of the majority."
Thus members who really desire the election of an
objectionable candidate can shield themselves from
criticism, and at the same time carry out the wishes
of their masters. Let it be understood before any
such/ action is had that any member who goes into
such a caucus will be as blamable if an objectionable
candidate be chosen as if he had openly declared him
self for such candidate.
The fight from this time on until a Senator has
been chosen should be to prevent a caucus of Repub
lican members. Upon the success of this fight de
pends the honor of the party.
THE suggestion that failures of justice such as
took place in the Rosser case could be prevented
by appointing or electing ' Judges for life
may be designated as reductio ad absurdum.
Much can be said in favor of a life judi
i ciary, it is true, but more may be said
against it when it is applied to a political sys
i tern such as exists in this city. Undoubtedly life
Judges are more dignified, more independent and
personally cleaner than elected Judges, but if they are
to be introduced here, along with them must come an
entirely new judicial system.
Failures of justice are usually due to the weakness,
ignorance or corruption of District Attorneys and
juries. The Judges ordinarily try to do their duty.
How can juries be improved so long as political
Sheriffs summon them and political clerks draw them
from the box? But even if life Judges could change
the laws so as to improve the quality of juries, what
remedy is there for a weak, neglectful' or corrupt
District Attorney? Judges cannot prosecute crim
inal cases. They can call for evidence, but it will not
be forthcoming unless the Police Department gathers
it and the District Attorney summons the witnesses.
Of what avail are the efforts of a conscientious Judge
surrounded by case fixers, weak prosecutors and po
litical jurors?
In the Rosser case there was evidence to show that
! the culprit had been drugged while drinking whisky.
1 The place where he obtained the liquor was iden
j tified and the firewater itself was carefully described;
1 but it never occurred to anybody to call the saloon
keeper who sold the stuff. In fact, the theory that
Rosser had been drugged was the wildest kind of an
assumption, which the District Attorney made not the
slightest. effort to refute. Had he summoned any
i body likely to know the facts, outside of Rosser's
': comrades and friends, he could have flatly contra
; dieted the evidence for the defense.
Judges elected or appointed, for life would have no
. power to prevent farces of this character. They could
not inject intelligence into juries nor thwart the case
fixers. All they could do would be to perform their
duty, which in most cases they do now.
The weak point in our criminal judicial system is
found in the prosecution. What every county in Cali
fornia needs is a competent District Attorney. The
only way the people can procure the services of such
' a man will be to offer to energetic, honest and ca
pable lawyers compensation equivalent to the sums
'. they can make by working for criminals. This is all
! tnere is in the problem.
A District Attorney in San Francisco receiving a
■ salary of $20,000 a year would be a paying invest
', ment. That sum would command the services of a
j first-class lawyer, who, once in office, would stay
! there so long as virtue continued in the community.
I Such a man would rid the city of criminals in less
than a year, because he would make, even under the
1 present system, punishment for all classes of crime
| absolutely certain.
PROM the report made by Major W. H. Daly,
chief surgeon at army headquarters at Tampa
during the war. on the fresh meat supplied to the
army it is evident that General Miles did not exag
gerate when he. characterized the stuff as ''embalmed
beef." In fact, his language was not severe enough.
He might with considerable justness have described
it as poisoned beef.
In the course of his report Major Daly says:
"When detailed to take charge of the transport
Panama for conveying convalescents to the United
States, I obtained 2000. pounds of fresh beef from the
commissary at Ponce. It looked well, but had an
odor similar to that of a dead human body after being
injected with preservatives, and tasted when first
cooked like decomposed bodies smell. After standing
a day for further inspection it became so bitter, nas
eous and unpalatable as to be quite impossible for
use. I was, therefore, obliged, owing to the condition
and the complaints of the sick about it, and the dis
gustingly sickening odor it emitted when being
cooked, and its mawkish, flat taste when served, and
for the safety of the patients, 255 convalescent soldiers
on board, to organize a board of survey, condemn
and throw 1500 pounds, all we had, overboard.
The United States is a rich country and is liberal
with those with whom it deals. It pays high prices
and is entitled to honest goods for its money. More
over? it is a country where all sorts of food supplies
exist far beyond the consuming power of its people.
For such an act as that of furnishing vile beef to the
soldiers at the front there is no excuse whatever. It
was a criminal swindle and in its motive was about
as vicious as that of a woman who sends poisoned
candy through the mails. 7
There should be some punishment meted out to
the scoundrels who, in their greed for gain, sent such
stuff "as "that to supply our boys, at the front and in
the hospitals. In many respects the offense, is the
gravest scandal of the year, and is certainly the basest.
There should be some. way of indicting the men who
are responsible for the crime on a charge of murder
and committing them to the justice and the patriotism
of an American jury.
OUR WEAK SPOT.
A CRIMINAL SWINDLE.
o<£ ♦ <S> <8> ■$> <8> <S> •*•<s> 4><3> <|> •s><£3><*><> <B'-<s><s><S>3>'S*-$-*<S>^<£3> &® <8> ♦♦ ♦ O
♦ WITH ENTIRE FRANKNESS. %
♦ *; ■ ■ R-i-v <"*>
Why the people of this country should
act like a lot of blithering idiots when
ever the subject of their thoughts hap
pens to be some person with the solitary
recommendation, if it be such, of hav
ing possession of unearned and un
merited millions is so difficult to- un
derstand that the attempt to do so is
futile. Here is a row raised over the
rumor that Miss Fair is to become the
wife of a Vanderbilt, and the papers
are full of it. Ac these people are old
enough to attend to the matter and as
the union would be that of the com
monplace to its kind, there is not the
slightest occasion for hysterics.
*. * *
One thing made certain by a view and
a smell of the political situation in
that there must be reforms, including
election of Senators by popular vote,
or this republic will sink under the
weight of internal corruption. Anti
expansionists may howl as they please
about the danger of acquiring foreign
territory, overriding the constitution,
and governing without the consent of
the governed, all of which may be con
siderable but the real peril to our in
stitutions is from domestic rot. It has
come even now to the pass where the
word of a professional politician is
worthless. A pledge is nothing, if the
other man has the price, and this fact
is painful particularly in the election
of Senators. It is not possible to buy
the people of a State, but that it is
possible to buy the members of a Leg
islature has been demonstrated again
and again, and to this demonstration
California has added more than her
share. The average legislator seems to
have no idea but to put himself on the
bargain counter. So long as this
shameful condition shall continue there
can be no confidence in the stability
of the government. It is no longer a
government of the people, but the ar
bitrary rule of moneyed rascality. The
people are, in fact, powerless. The leg
islator is not wholly to blame. When
a man, elected to the Assembly from
some walk where he has never earned
so great an income as that constituted
by his legitimate salary in public life,
finds that he can make extra thousands
by voting for a particular man for
Senator, the temptation is a sore one.
It is right that he should be protected
against it. It is a grievous wrong that
he should be subject to inducements to
betray a trust and sell his "honor."
The only way to shield him, to balk
the corruption which clinks alluring
gold, is to put into the hands of the
sometimes fooled but always unpur
chasable public the power of election
now concentrated in the hands of a few,
the majority of the few unworthy, the
minority in part morally weak and if
upright then numerically helpless.
There seems to be trouble, to the ex
tent of about two illustrated columns
daily, in the [Sloane family of New-
York. These domestic broils are always
saddening*, particularly when they get
so mixed up with "legitimate news that
sensible people in scanning the latter
cannot avoid getting a glimpse of them.
For my part Sloane and his wife' ma»
undisturbed throw the dishes at each
other, or in peace, run a race to the
divorce court. Their quarrel is as im
portant as that between the coachman
and the cook.
* * •
The pardon of ex-Cashier Flood was
not surprising. Indeed, ho stole so ably
and so much that the fact of his con
viction constitutes the only puzzle in
the case.
» * *
I freely confess to lack of admiration
for the medical students who decorated
a Christmas tree with the ghastly relics
of the dissecting room, the skulls of
babes, the half-fleshed hands of the
pauper subject, or between the grin
ning teeth of the desecrated dead set
ribald jests. It would appear that, by
ordinary effort a medical student
might cultivate the ways of decency,
and fail to find joy in being a brutal
buffoon.
» * *
Congressman-elect Boberts thinks
the possession of three wives does not
disqualify him for taking his seat, and
cites Abraham and others of similar
repute as a bolster to his way of living.
It does not appear to me that the po
lygamist's choice of models has been
fortunate. Abraham may have been a
worthy man in some respects, but so
far as I can learn these respects failed
to become of record. He certainly did
not deport himself toward his Sarah as
a gentleman should have done, and his
scheme for sticking a butcher knife
into his son does not win the approval
of the thoughtful despite its beauteous
effectiveness as a Sunday-school text.
I have always wondered at the ambi
tion to secure final refuge in Abraham's
bosom, as the experience would seem
to me to be one to avoid. However,
this is apart from the main issue. Bob
erts has been chosen by the people of
Utah, where women are voters. That
the choice was an insult to the nation
which made the mistake of supposing
the Mormons sincere in the avowed re
nunciation of objectionable tenets, that
it was even an Insult to Congress,
which is a body not easily , insulted,
there can be no question; and yet there
seems a probability that the nation and
Congress will have to swallow the af
front. If Utah is fit to be a State, it
is fit to choose its representatives, and
such disgrace as may be involved will
rest upon that commonwealth.
Murderer Dunham is said to be in jail
In Ohio and in lowa, a manifest impos
sibility even for a person of his at
tainments. More likely his bones are
whitening in the hills not far from tha
scene of crime. Peace officers are
sometimes stupid, but there does not
seem to be a shadow of basis for the
belief that this monster could baffle
them all save by the method of sui
FATHER PRENDERGAST
AND MISS VIRGINIA FAIR
— • ? "
To the Editor of The Call— Sir: Some person in New Y>rk must be
gifted with a marvelous imagination. It is true that I received one dis
patch from Miss Fair and that I answered it, but in neither dispatch was
there one -word about Boirie or Cardinal Bampolla, or Cafholic, or Pro
testant, or bishop, or priest, or religion, or dispensation, or marriage.
Apart from these high subjects, there are living questions in abundance
to account for the telegrams; for instance, the prospect* of the restora
tion to health of the young Emperor of China. .' *?"*' 7
J. J. pbendebgast.
! &B*^4&«^^
By HENRY JAMES.
cide, a process effective as hanging, as
a means of restraining the individual,
but lacking in force as an example.
To some extent admiration seems to
have been withheld from the Corbin
scheme of clearing Santiago harbor of
mines by sending Into it a boat fortified
with baled hay. Whether a shell such
as would have sunk * a cruiser would
have glanced harmlessly from a fort
built of mule fodder is a matter which
may never be determined. I am of the
opinion that the fodder would have
been dissipa ed, the men behind it blown
to kingdom come and the hardship of
hunger visited upon the faithful mule.
However, a plain civilian has no right
to vaunt himself as to matters military.
I notice with regret the death of Mrs.
Elizabeth Mallon of New York, a bright
and brainy woman, whose work in the
Ladies' Home Journal it has been a
pleasure and a duty to excoriate.
Judged by the Bok standard, this work
was excellent, enough to condemn it
in the judgment of common sense. It.
was written over the signature "Ruth
Ashmore," and consisted of namby
pamby advice to milk-and-water girls,
reeked of piety and altogether was the
perfection of Bokanalian literature.
But as "Bab" Mrs. Mallon wrote reason
albeit with a tinge of wickedness. I
do not mean this in an invidious sense,
but simply that she displayed a knowl
edge of the world. To be able to as
sume two characters so distinct, in
each fulfilling the requirements, showed
Mrs. Mallon to be a person far above
the common. The hired writer, ordi
narily, must do that which the payer
of the hire requires. This is not always
easy, but the ability to adapt oneself
to the requirements of the moment is
the indication of genius. It shows,
moreover, that as a molder of public
opinion the writer is handicapped.
My entire sympathy is with General
Miles in his assaults upon the thrifty
gentlemen who sold the Government
rotten beef for the use of the soldiers
in Cuba. He should be court-martialed
for making complaint, and thus be en
abled to complete the expose. Con
tractors who- would be guilty of the
crime alleged ought to have their plants
confiscated, and themselves exiled to
the most distant Isle acquired during
the war, as traitors to the country.
A gentleman by name Crane, by pro
fession a preacher, and by intrinsic
character a thorn in the side of civili
zation, arises to rebuke President Mc-
Kinley for having uttered pleasant and
conciliatory words during his recent
trip in the South. Brother Crane, how
ever, neglects to fortify himself by any
excerpt from the "Writ which I doubt not
he ably expounds. If he believes all
he says, his duty is to provide himself
a bloody shirt and a musket and en
deavor to set his plan of fraternity
in operation.
• * *
The Supervisors about to retire have
refused to do anything toward estop
ping burials in the city cemeteries. This
circumstance alone ought to be enough
to commend the plan. .The folly of try
ing to maintain a series of burying
grounds while the growth of the town
is pressing around and beyond them is
manifest to anybody who thinks. This
does not by any means imply that it is
manifest to a Supervisor. The ceme
tarhs are foredoomed to go, and the
delay, however brought about, will only
make more expensive the ultimate re
moval. A graveyard is not only a som
ber blot when in the center of popula
tion, but it is a menace to health and
a bar to progress. The reason for
opposing removal in the present in
stance is not deference to the dead,
but the selfish interests of the living,
and a small minority of the living at
that.
» * •
"B. H." Nobody that I know of has
been advocating the "doctrine" that
nations flourish, decline and die. That
statement is but the setting forth of
fact. As to whether or not the setting
forth is politic there may be diverse
opinions. Some people do shy at the
truth. However, as to this nation, we
can have the comfort that we as indi
viduals will decline and die first.
There were some features of the Bot
kin trial open to the criticism of any
equipped with mental faculties. The
abuse to which the witnesses for the
State were subject was without ex
cuse, and decency can make no plea for
it. To be a witness is not to be a
criminal. On the contrary, it is to per
form a duty required not alone by the
interests of justice, but by the specific
terms of the law. One having knowl
edge of a crime and concealing it be
comes an accessory and must bear a
measure of the guilt. Yet those who
responded to statutory summons and
threw such light as they could upon an
awful deed of murder were insulted by
the prisoner's attorneys, their reputa
tions assailed wantonly while they were
helpless before the gaping throng of
idlers and degenerates. Later, the in
sults were renewed. By what right
does a lawyer classify a working girl
who from necessity wears glasses as
"a goggle-eyed pot-walloper"? Where
Is the bravery in attacking an unpro
tected woman? There should be less of
such brutality. That a lawyer can be
a gentleman has been demonstrated,
but that some lawyers can't has been
made equally clear. Another feature
of the trial even more disgusting was
the presence day after day of a lot of
females delighting their morbid souls
with the offal from the sinks of in
iquity where the Botkin woman had
wallowr " and —here they would wal
low had they the charms to attract
companionship. The poor things can't
well indulge their instincts without the
necessary Dunning, and so they sat;
and drooled at the relation of orgies
in which participation had been denied
them. Another variety was on hand
for the pleasure of seeing one of their
sex suffer. ; Every shot of accusation
which pierced the fatly fortified hide of
the prisoner was a joy to them. Every
allusion to the gallows, causing the
prisoner to doff her raiment of blithe
someness and wince, was to them a
separate boon, its coming greeted with
a knowing smile. The murder was hor
rible, each particle of direct testimony^
a jar to the senses, the levity of the
central figure disgusting, but the most
debased and debasing phase of the
event, the one "to excite the greatest
apprehension, loathing, creepiness, was
the throng of lewd and leering creat
ures scrambling for a chance to dabble
in filth and heartless as a band of
harpies. ________________
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Thomas, Welch of San Jose is at the
Russ.
L. R. Vance of Vallejo is at the Occi
dental.
W. C. Knight of Laramie is at the Cali
fornia.
G. F. Thorndyke of Seattle arrived at
the Palace yesterdays
State Senator J. T. Laird of Alturas is
staying at the Grand.
Dr. T. M. Blakeley of Popplnsville, Ky.;,
is a guest at the Lick.
W. H. Seamons of Sacramento is reg
istered at the California, i
C. H. Phillips, a prominent banker of
San Jose, is at the Palace.
J. H. Martin, a prominent cattle dealer
of Woodland, is at the Russ.
D. S. Lightner, a mining man from San ;
Jose, is a guest at the Russ.
SI, H. Mears, U. S. X.. is a guest at the
Grand. ;{•?-'.
Dr. H. W. Patterson of New York is at
the Grand. 7*7. *
J. J. Holloron of New Orleans was
among the arrivals at the Russ yester
day.
A. L. Gamble of the United States rev- •
enue ship Rush is a guest at the Cali
fornia.
J. P. Abbott of Antloch and Charles
King of Hanford are two of the guests at
the Lick.
~~ — ~
$> — ® — $ — <$ — § — <$> — <& — •> Hardly had
J ( President High
f-, CAPTAIN T balls called the
4 SURESHOT AND X Sazarac A Lying
f SURESHOr ArsD t lub to order last
* THE SQUIRRELS. 1 night before the
.1 . ■- . ] trouble that had
— <$ — $ § §— y— t *• been brewing for
some time between Captain Sureshot and
Mr. Saltedmines broke loose -with un
bridled fury. It is a well known fact that
Captain Sureshot, according to his state
ments, never missed anything but a train
in his life. When he was coming out to
California in *49, ho stated, he used to
kill two Indians at every shot. Finally
he got such a reputation that the redskins
refused to molest the emigrant train if
they knew that the captain was in it.
When the train would encamp for the
night the captain would take his rifle and
go out for a little game, and he says that
he never had to shoot. When the deer,
bear or quail would see him coming they
would deliver themselves up, .as they
knew that it was no use to try and es
cape. Of late the captain has been en
tertaining the club with stories of how
he taught Mr. Saltedmines to shoot when
the latter was his guest some years ago
in Southern California. Now it appears
that recently Mr. Saltedmines told of an
incident connected with his visit to Cap
tain Sureshot that the latter had forgot
ten to mention, and it .was. the following
story that caused the fatormy session of
the club last night: ' '• =* • " oj
When Mr. Saltedmines was the cap
tain's guest he used to sit out on_the
porch in the afternoons, and while^the ,
captain was sleeping In the hammock he
would shoot at the squirrels, which were
very plentiful in the . trees that sur- ___
rounded the residence. It occurred to
him one day that he wanted to have
some fun with his host, so while the lat
ter was quietly snoozing he climbed a
tree and by the means of a wire fixed two
squirrels that he had killed securely to a
limb. Then he resumed his seat on the
porch and waited for the captain to
awake. When he did so Mr. Saltedmines
deftly turned the conversation to the de
sired subject, and called the captain's at
tention to the squirrels. They offered an j
excellent mark, and Captain Sureshot re
marked that one of them would never
know what had hit him. He picked up
the rifle and took a deliberate aim and
fired. The squirrel did not move. The
captain examined the rifle, then looked
at Mr. Saltedmines and then up at the
tree, where sat the squirrel perfectly un
disturbed.
"He knows you," said the captain's
guest, "and he is not afraid. So this Is
a sample of your marksmanship that you
have been bragging about!"
The captain let out a good full-grown
oath, and then he took a rest. Long, de
liberate and sure was his aim. He flred.
Again the two squirrels sat motionless on
the limb. In a few seconds the captain
had the air blue as indigo. Next he went
under the tree and still the squir
rels did not move. He shook his
hat at them, yelled and finally
threw a stone up the tree. The squirrels
never moved. By this time Captain Sure
shot was wild. He took off his coat and
climbed the tree. When he discovered
how* he had been victimized he came
down like a streak of lightning, but Mr.
Saltedmines had fled. That was ten
years ago. and yesterday the perpetrator
of the joke told it. When the captain
found It out he got on the warpath. As
soon as the club met he openly attacked
Mr. Saltedmines, whom he accused of .
violating the laws of the club, which pro
vide that while a member may lie his
soul into eternal perdition he must never
perpetrate a joke on any other member. .
President Highballs put the captain's mo
tion that Mr. Saltedmines be fined. It
was carried, and thus harmony was re
stored in the club. _
W. T. Davis of Chicago is registered at
j the Palace.
F. M. Gray of San Jose is a guest at
the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. W. Jacks of Monterey are
at the Palace.
E. A. Bremner of London Is registered
at the Palace. ??j7 ?.
W. S. Melick of the Pasadena News Is
at the Grand.
J. A. Brent of the Ivanhoe mine is stay
ing at the Grand.
G. S. Nixon of Nevada arrived at the
Palace yesterday.
Leonard A. Crane of Santa Cruz is a
guest at the Palace.
Railroad Commissioner-elect N. Black
stock of Ventura Is at the Grand.
7E. Dlnkelsplel, a well known merchant .
of Suisun, is a guest at the Grand. ; "
Colonel I. N. Peyton, a prominent rail- ?
road contractor of Spokane, is a guest '-
at the Palace.
C. H. Watt and A. C. Johnson, two V
prominent citizens of Los Angeles, ar
rived at the Occidental yesterday.
« ♦ » .
Our famous broken candy, 3& lbs in
handsome Japanese baskt, 50c. Townsend** 7
■ T «
The best Xmas present— Townsend Cal- *
ifornia Glace Fruits, 50c in fire etched 7
boxes or Japanese baskets. 627 Market '
St., Palace Hotel building. •
» ♦ .
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c 7
lb., in fire etched boxes or Japanese bas- 7
kets. 627 Market st.. Palace Hotel bldg.' £
T"~ — ■ * ■ — ■ _ ..
Special information supplied dally to '***-*
business houses and public men by the ?
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont- '
comery street. Telephone Main 1042. •MRS. BOTKIN IS
STOICAL AND
INDIFFERENT
Attorneys to Try All
Loopholes.
AFTERMATH OF THE VERDICT
THE DELAWARE WITNESSES RE
TURN EAST.
The Condemned in Prison Shows No
Emotion, Nor Does She Seem
Fretful Over Her
Fate.
_■V • ,
.. "With the verdict of the jury still ring
ing "n her ears Mrs. Cordelia Bot kin. the
Ctinyictcd criminal, sits in her cell at the
Branch County Jail, not as one broken
down in spirit or hopeless, but as a wor
n' an Indifferent to her surroundings and
careless of her fate. From all outward
manifestations the seriousness of her sit
uation has not ye« dawned up* her and
she seems content to remain passive while
the many labyrinthine passages of the
law are explored by her counsel in their
endeavors to break down the Judgment of
the twelve men who held her life in the
balance.
. • The consensus of public opinion agrees
-.with the verdict of the jury. It was gen-
rally believed that Mrs. Botkin was the j
. guilty party, but only a small minority
"-.was sanguine of her conviction. Many j
'.anticipated a disagreement ami a few
were of the opinion that the jury would
acquit her. If the term may be used In
regard to the fastening of such a heinous
crime upon a human being, the verdict
of the jury may properly be called a pop
ular one.
. . Mrs. Botkin passed a most quiet day in
-.her cell. She slept peacefully and unin
termittcntly all of Friday night, rose
early to partake of a hearty breakfast
and then patiently waited for the one
.break of daily prison life, the next meal.
Her luncheon was consumed with the
.same satisfaction as her breakfast. Dur- j
ing the afternoon she received two vis
itors, with whom she engaged in lively !
■ conversation. Outside of these she ad
mitted no one. although there was a num- |
ber of the curious foregathered to catch
a glance or a nod from the woman, who '•
."will till a leading place ... the annals of i
•.'crime. Her composure and nonchalance]
are the subjects of much wonderment
among the inmates of the jail as well as
•the jailers who stand guard and shadow
her every action.
 Although the trial in the highest crim
inal State court is a thing of the past the
".public is not yet done with Mrs. Cordelia
: 'Botkin. The customary motion for a new
trial will* soon be made, and in the event
of a denial— as Is anticipated— the attor
neys for the convicted woman will carry
•the ease to the Supreme Court. The gen
eral legal panacea, errors committed dur- j
ing the trial and that the judgment be
• *et aside on account of the insufficiency.
• "ft! evidence to justify the verdict. :
will be presented to the utmost. But thai
.which is most relied upon for the nullifi
cation of the jury's Verdict Is the question
.of jurisdiction. The defense are silll linn
in the belief that Mrs. Botkin is not tria- I
7ble in a California court- for an offense
i committed In Delaware, and as a ques
tion of jurisdiction always holds this will,
no dottftt. be presented rirst.
, Many conflict!) -stories arc afloat as
to the actions of the twelve jurors In the
ascertainment of their verdict. .It is said
.that the jury were unanimous from the
start upon the question of Mrs. Botkln's
guilt. The ma* of settling upon the
punishment was the rock upon which the
twelve peers split. S. K. ergard. it Is I
alleged, held out for a mitigation of pun
ishment, but he was forced to give way
before the unbending position of A. I-'.
Buckingham, hose determined stand
: finally brought the other jurors to his
.Way of thinking.
• The Delaware witnesses straightened
o'.u't their affairs yesterday and left on
'th'' I**1 ** evening overland for their East*
b«'m<?s.. John P. Dunning will leave to-
GRAVITY STEEPLE CHASE.
First Exhibition of an Eastern Nov- i
elty at Central Park.
The Gravity Steeplechase was opened
to- the public last night at Central Park
and. promises to become the great attrac
tion of this city. Thirty thousand dollars
: has been expended on this amusement
• and further Improvements will be made.
•The Steeplechase consists of a gravity
road of six double steel tracks on which
Fix wooden horses on iron frames are
operated. It is half a mile in length and
..It takes nearly a minute to run the
course. For the small sum of one dime as
admission the visitor is entitled to mount
. one of tlie horses. When six people
are mounted a man sounds a
gong and releases* the horses by!
means of a lever and away go
the six racers. The sport is very exciting, '
especially when it comes to picking the i
winner. The advantage is thai each ]><•;■-■
' .Fan is his own jockey and the speed of!
the horses depends in a great measure on I
■ the rider. - -. i
.'William C'alder. the manager of the en- |
7-ferprl.se. lays that thirty-six horses can [
: Vie "started at Intervals and there is not I
t : h'e lightest danger attached to tin sport. |
IsT-he:: Steeplechase at Coney island has 1
7-h.een t.most successful: the ladies go In for*
' 'if .-worse than the men. and many pairs
-•Of", gloves are wagered on the result, Last i
7n.ig.llt many availed themselves of 'I*.-- op- j
portunity and in relating their experience!
•said the sensation v. as exhilarating. [
\'. It. C. Tillew. the proprietor, has also;
; provided a number of other surprising 1
". novelties, such as the '."Barrel of Love,"'
'the. '.'Pneumatic (Sun" and the "Funny
' '••'.•• .■ ■ '- I
CAPTAIN GILLEN`S
NEW YEAR FREAK
. ' ' •• • : * * .-.'.
--lie Captures a Man of Mystery, Who
Is stuffed With Coin, vy,-
CAPTAIN' JAMES GILLEN of the Seventeenth street police station- has
in his keeping a genuine New Year's freak in the person .af a man who
was found sitting In a bicycle store on Valencia .street, between' Six
teenth ami Seventeenth, by Officer C. H. Taylor last night. at 10 o'clock.'
The man of mystery walked into the store and took- a seat as uncon
cernedly as if be owned the store. On being asked -by the proprietor what
no wanted he refused to answer. The officer was called in and he met with'
as little success as the proprietor. • *
At the Seventeenth street station Captain Gillen had him searched, and
in an Inside pocket, safely secured by a half dozen safety pins,:- if as found a
wallet containing 1860 in gold notes of the denomination of tens and twen
ties, besides $4 Bo in silver. To all questions put to him he declined to an
swer until the captain coaxed him a little, when he gave a. few unsatisfac-'
lory answers, but not of such a nature as would satisfy a person that he
was sane. On being confronted with Prison-keeper White at the booking
desk he gave the name of George F. Bldmaier and said he was a polisher by
trade and that he was born in New- York and was aged M years.
Further than this he would not go. He declined to tell where he roomed
or wh*re he worked, or. in fact, anything, further regarding himself.
He. seemed conscious of the day of the month and of his surroundings, and
also gave ,he Information that he owed his landlady a month's rent to-day.
He had two keys or the Yale pattern with a tag numbered 'l6 attached.
Nothing rise that would lead to his Identity was found on his person.
He was detained at the station pending investigation by the police.
Stalrwav." It is his Intention to plow a
large area of ground and plant it with
grass. There will be landscape paintings
to delight the eye and a band In constant
attendance. He desires especially to cater
to families and his resort will be a model
one in every respect. A beautiful entrance
has been constructed and the electric
lighting is furnished by three motors,
which also propel the horses from the
stopping place back to the starting point.
MILITARY BALL.
Knights of the Red Branch Rifles
Wind Up the Old Year.
The Knights of the Red Branch Rifles
gave their seventh annual military ball
last night at Odd Fellows' Hall, and the
affair was remarkably successsfui. Over
three hundred couples participated in the
grand march, which was led by Captain
T. J. Mellott and Miss Delia Curran. To
the "Echoes of Erin," the Knights, in
full-dress uniform, with their gayly at
tired ladled, began the dancing, which
lasted from 9 in the evening until 4 o'clock
this morning. There was an intermission
at midnight, during which the new year
was ushered iii with hearty good wishes
and many flowing bumpers.
The following are the names of those to
whom credit is due for the success of the
ball:
Committee of arrangements M.
Caul (chairman). Sergeant .tames Smith. W.
P. nannon. Thomas McDonough, Sergeant C.
J. McCarthy.
Reception committee— Michael Casey o-hs.r
man). Corporal .John Murphy, Patrick Roland,
Corporal John Green. Phil Brady, John Fay,
James Maloney, John Mcßherrj
Floor director— Captain T. J." Mellott.
Assistant floor director — Sergeant James
Smith
Floor committee— David Russell,
William Collins. T. J. Kearney, T. P. Crowley,
Peter McGlfncltey, Roper McCarthy, J. F. Mc-
Ardle, Corporal J. J. Rogerson. Patrick Dona
hue.
GRAND MASQUERADE BALL.
Arion Society's Benefit Fills Me
chanics' Pavilion.
The grand masquerade ball under the
auspices and for the benefit of the Arion
Benevolent Society in Mechanics' Pavil
ion last night was a success from a finan
cial qoint of view, notwithstanding the
fact that everybody in San Francisco ap
peared to be on the streets bidding good
by to the old year and welcoming the
new. i
The number of maskers was not so
large as on previous occasions of a simi
lar character, which is partly accounted
for by the fact that the majority of those
in attendance put in the early part of the
evening. parading the streets, tooting tin
horns and otherwise adding to the babel
of noise that made night hideous. Nev
ertheless there were devils and fairies,
goddesses of liberty, tough girls, female
impersonators,, walking Christmas trees,
Dutchmen, longshoremen and man o"
warsmen galore. Prizes wore distributed
to those having the handsomest and odd
est costumes, etc.
The hour of midnight was the signal
for unmasking and also for the inaugu
ration of a perfect pandemonium of nioso
in honor of the advent of the young and
unsophisticated New* Year. Soon after
midnight the people began to arrive in
droves and dancing, was kept up until
nearly daylight. The committee of ar
rangements consisted of Frank Dunn, j
chairman: Frank X. Foley, secretary,
and John C. Mi Bride, treasurer. Paul
A. Bender acted as floor manager.
Dance of Garibaldi Guards.
The Mutual Aid Society of the Gari- I
baldi Guards held its annual ball in Gari- ;
baldi Hall last night. The room was j
crowded with dancers, who kept up the j
merry revel until dawn. The committee
in charge consisted of G. Barbagelata,
G. Daneri, A. L. Bacigalupi, S. Ceneg- ;
hino, Giuseppe Qordano, L. Artana, B.
Ratto, A. Arnaboldi, G. B. • Sturla, G.
Figone, Efflsimo Eduardo, A. Deluechi,
A. Figone, <;. Gaspari, G. Giambruno, D. !
Demattei, A. Katto. V. i-:. Chiappa, G. .
' Delmonte. S. Delmonjte, F. Zeifo, F. Del-
I monte, N. Foppiapo. M. Canepa. <.'. La
gomarsino, Dott <;. E. Cagierl, Filipo De-
I martini, G. Bignotti. E. Scodelettl, C. F. :
j Serra, C. G. Calegarls, F. Lucchetfl. V.
Ravenna, P. Simi. K. CL Palmleri, F. I
I Ai.ita. G. Roccafagliata. G. laccheri, J. j
j L. Valente"' G. Bacigalupi, S. Sanguinetti,
'.>. Devincenzi, L. Torre, Arara Paolo, G,
• Sbarbaro. r '. : ; ;•• * j
Q. Orsi, Painter.
One of. the attractive features of the
Poodle Dog building is the fresco'paint
ing, decorating and polishing, per
formed by G. Orsi, paint and oil dealer,
located at 17 Montgomery avenue.** The
work done by him. throughout the
building is strictly first class and is
greatly admired. ; Mr. Oral is well
known and in consequence his. business
is quite extensive, "hot only in* San
Francisco but other leading towns in
the State. . •'.-• :v
Struck From Behind.
Ed Cole, a negro,* was struck in the
head by some unknown person at the
corner of Market and* Stockton streets
last night. The blow' he received caused a
severe wound on the side f the head and
In falling face fore ward on the cobble
stones he cut a large gash" in his face.
The crowd was dense at the time of the
affair and minor Injuries" were added to
those of his head by people trampling on
him. He was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital. :.'•'•? •'
A Cure For Asthma.*
Asthma sufferers need no longer leave home
and business In order to be cured. Nature has i
produced a vegetable remedy that will perma- j
nently cure Asthma and all diseases., of- the
lungs and bronchial tubes. Having tested it?
wonderful curative powers In thousands of
cases i with a record of SO per cent permanently
cured), and desiring to relieve human suffer
ing. 1 will send, free of charge to all sufferers
from Asthma, Consumption. Catarrh, .. Bron
chitis and nervous diseases, this recipe, • in
German^ French of English, with full, direc
tions for preparing and using. Sent by mail.
Address, with stamp, naming this paper, Wi A.
Noyes. WO Powers' Block, Rochester, N. Y.
Quane's Death Was Accidental.
Coroner Hawkins held an inquest yes
terday morning upon the body of William
Qtiane.who died on the 20th of 'this month,
after he had fallen to the sidewalk in a
quarrel with Assemblyman-elect Charles
I". Kennealy. The verdict was that the
cause of death was ah accident.
•♦ ■ — - -?.*! : . i
WITH CHRISTMAS COMING OX. *
"Don't you believe happiness is merely
a mental condition?" •*: ■• • ;
"No; it's a financial condition."Chi
cago Record. ■ ■'■•". ■.'-.'.:-,' . . *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 1, 1899.
GEORGE W. ROOT
REMEMBERED BY
HIS ASSOCIATES
His Gift a Diamond
Watch Charm.
_
BARKENTINES IN DISTRESS
CANNOT MAKE PORT IN TIME
FOR NEW YEAR'S DAY.
Captain ''Pete" Ott Did Not Get Back
on the Acapulco — Captain B.
Cogan Able to Be About
Again.
Chief Wharfinger George W. Root was
treated to an agreeable surprise
yesterday. The wharfingers and collec
tors on the front took advantage of his
retirement from office to assume the du
ties of Clerk of the Supreme Court to
present him with a magnificent watch
charm. During his term of office the
chief has always been most considerate
of his subordinates, so they could not let
him depart from among them without
some token of their esteem.
The old waiting-room of the Sausalito
| ferry was used for the occasion. "The
boys" had draped it with flags and dec
orated it with evergreens, while a plat
form had been erected at the easterly end
of the room. Chief Root was about to
take the ferry boat for Oakland when
Sergeant "Tom" Mahoney of the Harbor
Police took possession of him, and saying,
"You are wanted badly to straighten out
a dis lrbance on Clay street wharf,"
marched him away. In vain the chief
[ protested that he had to catch a boat.
Mahoney would take no denial. When he
I was ushered into the room there were
present all the employes of the Harbor
Commission and many of the prominent
business men on the front. After a few
opening remarks, by Captain W. R. Leale
the presentation' was made by Assistant
Chief Wharfinger Scott. He told of the
pleasant relations that had always ex
ist! between Chief Root and the men
under him and wished him as much suc
cess is his new office as ho had had dur
ing his charge of the water front.
Speeches were made by Dan T. Cole,
T. 8.. O'Brien, A. E. Pryor and others,
after, which a cold collation was spread
and the health of the new Clerk of the
Supreme Court was drank with three
times three. The charm presented is In
the form of a Masonic emblem, the center
piece of which is a four-carat diamond.
Mr. Root was completely overcome by
the goodwill shown him, and had some
difficulty in thanking "the boys" for their J
kindly remembrance of him. .
Barkentines seem to be in hard luck.
The S. >,'. Wilder from Honolulu, the Tarn ■
o' Shanter from Willapa and the Gleaner I
from the Columbia River, have been off !
the. heads since last Thursday night and j
cannot make port. Friday they were in
a bunch fourteen miles south-southwest
. of Point Lobes, while yesterday they had |
got to within three miles of the Golden
Gate when they' had to anchor. Late in j
j the evening the Tana o- Shanter took a
' tow, but it looks as" though the crews of
I the others would spend New Year's day
i at sea bat within sight of home.
The bar"_entine Omega was also outside,
but Captain Harrington managed to get
her past the fort. Then the tide turned
and she began to drift out to sea again,
but the anchors were dropped and , the
vessel-hung there until wind • and ".tide
once more suited, when she made the
upper bay. The schooner Volunteer, sev
enty. days from Caleta .Buena, had also
to anchor outside, but a tug came along
and brought her -.in. Captain. Harrington
of the .Omega report? that .on December
21. In latitude (5 deg. 16 mm. north, longi
tude 127 deg. 30 niin. west, he passed a
lot of flooring, planking, fencing and
laths. • This is probably the deck-load of
some lumber Vessel that was caught in
the recent northwester.
The steamer Acapulco arrived from
Panama and way ports' yesterday with
out Captain "Pete" Ott, the pilot, who
was carried away on the City of Para.
It was thought the two steamers might
meet off Point Conception, and in that
event Captain Ott would have been trans
ferred. The pilots are now building their
hopes on the City of Para reaching Maz
atlan in time to connect with the Cura
cao, in which event Captain Ott will come .
back on that vessel. ?;*'*•?. * .
•Word 'was received by the Merchants
Exchange yesterday that the British ship
Glenard.from South Shields for San Fran
cisco with a general cargo, had gone
ashore at Dungeness in a heavy storm.
A lifeboat was standing by ready to take
off the crew in case of an emergency.
Captain B. Cogan has left. St. Marys
Hospital and' in a day or so will be out
and about again. His wife wished him
to remain another week at St. Mary
and was getting ready to cross the bay
to persuade him to remain. When th*- Cap
tain walked into the house. He had to
undergo a very painful surgical opera
tion, but is now on the high, road to re
covery and will be ready for another
cruise -to 'the Arctic in a few' weeks.
ST. ROSE'S .NEW SCHOOL.
•
i Will Be Dedicated To-Morrow Morn
• ing — Matriculation to Com
mence at Once.
The parochial school of St.-*' Rose's par- j
! ish is .about, to be dedicated for the young
i 'people for whom it was built. A.-? will
be remembered, the great lire of 1593 de
stroyed every vestige of church property
belonging .to St. Rose's Church, Including
j the church itself. From that day' to this
the clergy,- assisted" by the -parishioners
and the charitably inclined In other sec
i tions of the city, has been engaged in the
work of restoring the parish buildings.
' Two days after the Area shed was. has- j
tlly erected to serve as a place of wor
ship. Work was- immediately furthered
'to erect a home for the clergy, who had
been Compelled to take * rooms' in St.
Mary's Hospital.- A handsome dwelling
was' finished In the course of time. Tn •
present imposing church .of St. Rose was
read for dedication two years -ago. The
'grammar school of the parish remained
vet 'unbuilt.
t The hope of the clergy, however, has
been fulfilled, arid St. Rose's school will '
open .its .doors, with aproprlate core.
•many, to hundreds -of pupils "Monday
morning, January 2.
The church property extends from Bran
nan' street* through .to Freelon. The
•church and residence face on Brannan
[street. The school fronts 15 feet on Free
lon street. The school building Is modern
In every particular. -There is no attempt
at exterior ornament; ip fact,' the archi
tect', .has followed the lines of the old
school very closeJv, and has. aimed at clas
sic solidity rather than decoration in ef
fect. The building rises three stories over
a very high and lightsome brick base
ment. The basement is floored 'and lighted
to serve as a- covered • playground oil
rainy days Two broad staircases load
from' the arched entrances to the landings
.on the 'first floor. These entrances serve
for the boys and girls respectively. There
are eight large 'classrooms, so placed as
to' use light all day to the best advan
tage. The 'receiving classes,- primary
grades and principal's office are located
on- the first floor. The. purely grammar
grades occupy the second floor, and the
third floor is almost entirely occupied by
the exhibition hall, which Is a model of its
kind. The graining throughout the build
ing* is oak. .The school furniture, of mod
ern styles,- is •of ash and oak. The black
boards are of the. latest patent composi
tion slabs, is Inserted in the walls. In fact
everything is of the latest and best.
The school will be in charge of the Sis
ters of the Holy. Names connected with
the Sacred Heart Convent of L,ake Her
ri tt. Oakland. This order of teaching nuns
had supervision of the St. Ross's gram
mar school, destroyed-' by the fire, and
had brought it to a high grade of ex
cellence. The pupils since that time have
attended other schools in the vicinity,. hut
as large a number will attend Monday
morning. ,-"■>
The work of rebuilding and restoring
the church, residence and school is now,
after three years, brought to completion,
it has cost an enormous amount of
money. A large bequest from the es
tate of Ellen Gallagher was the beginning.
The parishioners of St. Rose, have done
the rest. They are all hard-working peo
ple with small Incomes, yet they have
cheerfully co-operated in this almost
giant work, giving whatever their means
would allow to make the parish even more
complete than It was before the fire. That
work is now done I and the people who
have made It so deserve congratulation.
Only a debt* of some few thousands re
mains, but Father Nugent, the pastor,
has every assurance that it will be paid
in the near future.
— — ■ ♦ ,
KNIGHTS CF THE MACCABEES.
San Francisco Tint and Ladies of San
Francisco Hive Have a Christ- .
mas Entertainment.
The members of San Francisco Tent
No. IS of the Knights of -the * Maccabees
on last Friday night had their Christmas
tree, entertainment and dance in the
Stanford, Social and Occidental halls of
the Alcazar. There was a large attend
ance of members and their lady and gen
tleman friends and in entertaining they
were assisted, coached, controlled and
comforted by the membership of San
Francisco Hive No. 8, Ladies of the Mac
cabees.
In the Social Hall there was given the
entertainment and dance. The - pro
gramme Included vocal selections by C.
Birham. C. Van Orden, Q. Madden, a reci
tation by Miss Moffatt and an exhibition
of fancy dancing by Miss Phoebe Gibson.
In Occidental Hall there was a largo
Christmas tree, brilliant with numerous
lights and decorated with silver and gold,
while from the branches hung a present
for each knight and lady. The distribu
tion of these by Sir Knight H. L. Tick
ner, who acted the part of Santa Clans,
was productive of a great deal of sport,
as many of the gifts were decidedly in
appropriate to the sex of the recipient.
After the presents had all been given out
the jolly party repaired to Stanford Hall,
where all enjoyed a tine collation. • The
commissioners on entertainment were E.
H. Stevens, H. L. Tickner, W. Green
berg, B. B. Richards. Thomas J, Harris,
A. Bound and F. L. Hilmer.
BEST SERVICE
EVER OFFERED
Three Thousand Miles of Private
Leased Wire to Furnish Eastern
Market Reports.
PERFECT SERVICE ALSO SUP
PLIED TO INTERIOR CITIES.
Three thousand miles of wire is a
long stretch but this is the actual dis
tance of wire used by the Western Un
ion Telegraph Company to furnish the
New York stock market to brokers and
dealers in San Francisco. It seems
hardly possible for the outside world
to comprehend, nevertheless It is a fact.
The quotations of prices of the leading
stocks are posted in San Francisco as
soon as they occur in New York. This
is also true of all the changes in mar
ket price of wheat, corn, oats, pork,
etc., traded in on the Chicago Board of
Trade. Thirty seconds after the bell
taps for the opening of the Chicago
Board of Trade the prices are recorded
in San Francisco. It is, of course, a
very expensive undertaking, consider
ing the telegraph tolls. Douglas & Co.
of 20 Leidesdorff street are the only
subscribers to the Western Union ser
vice in San Francisco in tins particu
lar line. They also have their own
leased wires, used exclusively by their
correspondents at Sacramento, Grass
Valley, Woodland, Stockton, Merced,
Fresno, Hanford, Napa, San Jose, Val
lejo and J. S. Purdy, 45 Sutter street.
The several different cities use exclu
sively the leased wire system of Doug
las & Co.
The San Francisco stock mark.it has
for years been stagnant, and stocks
that some years ago were quoted *in
the thousands are now selling on an ay
: erage of 30 cents per share. Still those
same stocks are carried by people
who live in hopes of a revival or* the
mining industry. With poor chances
for an improvement, assessments come
with regularity and are paid by t.iiw
who still hope for some change for the
better. The range in prices dany is
from 1 cent to 25 cents, 'while the range
in prices In New York stocks is from
$1 to $6 or $10* per share daily.
To illustrate the facility of making a
turn in sugar and tobacco shares, the
man who bought American Sugar on
October 13 at 109, and sold on Decem
ber 10 at 135%, would be 2614 ahearf;
that is to say, if he had bought 100
shares he would have made $2S2 r > with
an investment of $100 or on ten shares
he would, with an investment of $10,
have cleared $262 50. Again, American
Tobacco on October 13 was quoted at
118*4. and on December 10 at 142* 4 . a
rise of 24 points. The investor to the
extent of $100 in 100 shares would thus
have made $2400 clear profit in two
months, or $240 if he bought ten shares,
investing $10, and held them for the
same period of time.
On December 19 Sugar fluctuated
nearly $4 per share; American Tobacco
nearly $2. On December 20 Sugar fluc
tuated $4 50 per share, while Tobacco
changed $2, and on December 21 both
of these leaders changed $2 per share.
Six months ago St. Paul stock was sell
ing for $98 f per share; to-day the same
stock is selling for $118' per share, an
advance of $20 per share. Rock Island
stock in the game space of time has ad
vanced from $95 to $111.. The same can
be said <•"' all the list, only some stocks
have advanced $50 and $60 per share.
It. of course, does not very often hap
pen that a trader can be fortunate
enough to get in on the low point and
out on' the high point, but for the last
six months it has been possible, and has
c-ccurred where lucky investors have
taken from $20 to $30 per share profit.
Douglas & Co.. an old-established East
ern house, have their office fitted up
with all the facilities necessary for cus
tomers to ascertain the exact prices of
the leading stocks in New York and
juices on Chicago Board of Trade. The
Quotations are posted* the instant they
are received over the fast overland
wires Of the Western-Union Telegraph
Company. Those interested will find
on inquiry that this firm has financial
standing, and. being established six
teen years in Chicago, must necessaslly
be a successful business house. Their
references are the best, and the patrons
of the firm on the coast can satisfy
others who wish to Intrust their busi
ness to this firm.
This firm offer at no time any ad
vice as' to the course of the market.
They merely act as commission brokers
for their clients. . :< f&gf£3?
Under Sealed Orders.
vwuti w^<ut;u VIUCI3,
"Don't" know,"' said the stout man on a
Grand River Avenue car the other after
noon, when asked by a friend where he
was going that time of day.
"Sailing under sealed orders. Here they
are." as lie ostentatiously produced a big
white envelope ornamented with a dab of
wax as big as a silver dollar. "See? 'Not
to be opened until you reach the Campus
Martjus.' Old lady wrote it herself.- Didn't
know 1 had so much curiosity. Seems to
me this car goes about a mile an hour
and it makes more stops and longer Stops
than, ever before. Feel just like getting
out and walking on." " '
At the campus the stout man jumped
off. before the car had stopped, hurried to
a lumber pile in front of the opera -house
site and leaned there while he read His
florid face became scarlet, his big right
hand crumpled the envelope and crumpled
the wax. He dove into his left-hand
breast pocket, brought out an addressed
letter, carried it to the nearest mail box
and thrust the missive 'in. He switched
down Cadillac square and ordered a seven
pound roast, got, to the Eastern Market
by the shortest route, laid in a supply of
beets; , cucumbers, . strawberries, peas
onions and new potatoes.- hustled back to'
town, telephoned a family of friends that
they, were expected to dinner -the next
day, left an order at the Icecream fac
tory, had some dainties sent from the gro
cer s, and then headed" for home, looking
blacker than a thundercloud. He tried to
storm and 'appear abused, but his wife
only ' laughed at him and recalled that It
was the first time in his life that he had
gone downtown and done more than half
what she had told him to do.— Detroit
Free Press.
ENGLISH GIRLS' GAMES.
They Play Almost Everything Ex
% / 4,7: cept ' Football.
An attempt, very properly squashed,
was made to introduce football as a
game for -women. It was seen to be
a most unlikely and impossible pastime
for them, and though a team of brawny
ladies persevered in their course for a
season or so through the country,
laughter and derision were their man
guerdons, and the rest of their sex held
themselves severely aloof from follow
ing their example. 7:7"; v;' '-y
At the women's colleges and schools
hockey is becoming more and more the
favorite winter pastime. The Royal
Holloway College team is famous, and
plays in its own splendid field every
afternoon this term and next. The
students engage in games against the
Oxford and Cambridge women's col
leges, but they do not play golf at all.
Neither' do they boat seriously. The
Thames is quite half an hour's walk
from the college, and time is precious,
so, though they hire when they want
boats, there is not one now appertain
ing to the college. But they swim in
the glorious bath in their equally glori
ous grounds, and are ardent cyclists.
Many of the high school girls in Lon
don proceed to Neasden and other out
lying fields near London for their
hockey, possessing no facilities in town
for such exercise. At aristocratic Gir
ton — the first women's college estab
lished at either of* the Varsities —
have golf links of the.-- own. as well
as a hockey field. They also indulge in
a little mild cricket, during the sum
mer term, and constantly' meet -•.ewn
ham in open contest, or join- with that
abode of learning to meet the Oxford
women's colleges at hockey matches.
At Somerville Hall, Oxford, there is a
regular summer term institution on
Saturday afternoons of tennis and lem
onade, to which brother undergradu
ates of the "sweet girls" are invited.
Asphalt courts are played on vigorous
ly during the winter at Lady Margaret
Hall, Oxford, where there are also col
lege boats, the vicinity of the river
Cherwell rendering boating possible.
Golf and the new fashioned game of
croquet are regarded by damsels *f 17
as slow and frumpish. But when they
arrive at years of discretion they ad
mit that there is something in both, and
that they are "jolly difficult" to play
well. Croquet does not flourish much,
therefore, in scholastic realms, though
its vogue has Increased a hundredfold
during the past summer in other cir
cles. " .
Gymnasium work and dancing are
both extremely popular among school
girls, and college ones also. At Hollo
way College there Is a superb floor in
the long galleries devoted to library
purposes, and here sometimes the stu
dents are permitted to trip it gayly.
Fencing is another exercise to which
women are becoming more and more
devoted, but it does not seem to appeal
to the women's colleges yet. It is pop
. ular in art circles, for it has more than
a flavor of Paris about It, and, besides,
| is most advantageous to those whose
occupations are sedentary. Literary
I women and journalists are keen on the
! foils, and there are clubs in London
1 whore women may meet men in mimic
combat sometimes. London Mail.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS, j
Mary B. Taylor to Bernhard A. Becker, lot
i on NW corner of Clay and Locust streets, W
65.-3 by N 127:8%; $10.
Bernhard A. Becker to Maria Becker, same;
gift.
James and Honora Hogan (by "Wallace A.
Wise Jr.) to Lucius L. Solomons, 1712 d 336. lot
;on NW corner of Washington and Cherry
j streets, X 50:4, VV 71:6, S 50:10, X "9:2, trustee's
' deed; $*-:.".
' John L. and Annie L. Boone to Ernestine
Olsson (wife ,of Ludwlg), lot on N line of
Twenty-first street, 37 W of San Carlos, W 22
by N Si; $2900,
Hlbernla Savins? and' Loan Society to Eliza
beth Tracy, lot on W line of Sanchez street. 190
N of Sixteenth, W 63, NE to Sanchez. S 50:3 Vi;
$2000.
Augustus F. Rodgers to J. B. Pon and Calixte
Subline, lot commencing 20:10 S of Washing
ton street, and 110 R of Mason, S. 26, W 0:114,
N 26, to beginning; $100.
' Frank 8. . Bates, Anna S. Condon and Mary
E. Peck to .lane Bates, lot on NW corner of
Mason and Sacramento streets, W 60 by N 20;
also lot on L line of Fillmore street, .'.5 N of
Post, N 27:6 by E 93; $100.
Jane and Frank B. Bates and Mary E. Peck
to Anna S. Condon, undivided six-eithths of lot
on N line of Bine street, 135 W of Larkin, W
25 by N 137:6; $100.
' Jane Bates. Anna S. Condon and Mary E.
Peck to Frank B. Bates, lot on SE line of Har
rison street, 300 SW of Third. SW 2.'. by SE 85;
also lot on SW line of Fifteenth avenue. [87:6
BE Ii street. SE 37:6 by SW 100, block 309.
South San Francisco Homestead and Railroad
Association; $100.
Jane and Frank B. Bates and Anna S. Con
don to Mary E. Peck, undivided six-eighths of
lot on W tine of Webster street, 137:6 S of Ellis.
N IS by W 87:6: $100.
Sophie and John Jehl to Marie Ivijus. lot 90,
Ben Franklin Homestead Association; $10.
John A. Bjorkman to Augusta BJorknuun, lot
on W corner of Eighth avenue and H street.
NW 150 by SW 100, block 161. South San Fran
cisco Homestead and Railroad Association;
also lot on NE line of Twentll th avenue, 73
NE of H street, NW 71 by NE 'M, block 390,
same; gift
Letltta W. Hudson to Elizabeth M. Hudson.
undivided four-sixths of lot beginning on SE
corner of Silver Terrace Tract. N 79. dfg 6
mm.. W 32.40 chains, S 14 deg 10 mm., W 18.15
chains. S 73 deg. 50 mm.. E 31.32 chains. N 70
deg. 30 mm., E 21.30 chains, less blocks 470.
453. 496 and portion of 454, South San Francisco
Survey, containing 47 acres, Hudson Tract; all
of lot on S line of Sacramento street, 192:6 W
of Octavia. W 27:6 by S 1?.2:-S* 4 ; also property in
San Diego County; gift. '..*.>-
E. J. and Annie M. Porteous to Joseph Fitz
gerald, lot on W line of Third avenue. 50 S
of Deeth street (California street south), S
25 by W 94, subject to mortgage: $10.
Alameda County.
Lois M. Apgar to Howard K. James, lot on
W line of Myrtle street, 15.1 N from Enclnal
line. N 36:10 by W 125, block 614. Oakland; $1600.
Alfred H. and Mary V. Well (Blow) 'trus
tees under deed of Mary A Blow) to John B.
Redfleld, lot on NW corner of Fourth and Har
rison streets, W 100 by N 100, being lots 19 to
23. block 40. Oakland: $2*oo.
F. D. and Margaret B. Frost to Cecelia Black
burn, lot on X line of Twenty-seventh or Park
street, 27:6 W of West street. W 40 by S 85,
block 2020, Whltcber Tract. Oakland: also lot
on E line of Adeline street, 184:6 N of TwcDty
sixth. N 2'". by E 127. block N. survey northern
extension of Oakland; lICOO.
Lena C. Frlsbee to Lottie E. Bowen. lot on
W line of Canning street. 50 x of Cherry. N :
50 by . W 100, being lots 22 and 2:'. block 1". ;
resubdivislon of Roberts and Wolfskill Tract,
Oakland Annex, quitclaim deed: $10.
George P. and Dora A. Nelson to same, same.
Oakland Annex, quitclaim deed: $5.
Francisco Berth ler to Elmhurst Land Com
pany, lot 85, Elmhurst Park. Brooklyn Town
ship, quitclaim deed; $5.
James A. and Celia M. Johnson to Kate King
(wife of C. H.). lot on NX corner of East Fif
teenth street and Eighth avenue. NE 50 by Si:
129:3. East Oakland: $10.
George H. and Katharine Maxwell to Walt»r
1". Dean, lot on- S line of Chnnnlng wav 260
W of Prospect street. B 200. W 2?.2:9 to ' Pie
dmont way. thence N along the 1" line o' Pied
mont way around to and along' S line of
Channlng way to beginning. beine lot 1. block
B, Berkeley property, Berkeley; $10.
Alex and Mary '.'.. P. Johnson to John GiUam.
'lots 2 to 11. Johnson Tract, subject to mort
gage. Eden Township; $10.
J. W. Robertson to Druso D. Robertson, lots
11 and 12. Stevens Tract, Centervtlle, Washing
ton Township: gift.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
SATEED.
Saturday, December 31.
Stmr Novo. Johnson. Fort \3rngg.
DOMESTIC PORT.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Dee 31— Stmr , Se
quoia, from Port Los Angeles.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 31— Stmr Patrla.
from Hamburg.
Sailed Dec 31— Stmr Pretoria, for Hamburg;
stmr Etrurla, for Liverpool; stmr La Norman
die, for Havre; stmr Europe, for London:
st-nr PnarTiidnm. for Rotterdam: stmr Adler,
for Naples: stmr Anchorta, for .Glasgow.
LEGHORN— Arrived Dec 30— Stmr Alaatia.
from Gen a
HAMBURG— Arrived Dec Stmr Pennsyl
vania, from New York.
MOVlL.LE— Sailed Dec 31— Stmr Furnesla. for
New York.
- HAVRE— Sailed Dec Stmr La Champagne,
for New York.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Dec 30— Stmr Umbria.
for New York. 1 -
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Dec 31— Stmr Cymric,
for New York.
GLASGOW— Arrived* Dec Stmr Cartha
genlan. from Philadelphia.
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed Jan I— Stmr St
Paul, for New Turk.
... ■ ♦ ■
The length of the Grand Canal from
Tientsin to Hang-Chow, in China, is 660
miles. -It connects great ports with rich
i coal regions. ... ..'•■.;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1^ 4L^ to • L^ if^^ /* i
& nqtyy Tt&A^ yea*/ f
siore closed Monday. I
THE WORLD OVER.
Wisdom skippeth the device set by
fools.
Douglas Jerrold: "Titles are straws
that tickle women."
It was the old colonial settlers that
first minded their peas and queues.
The Irish seem to take kindly to Au
stralia. There are 1,300,000 of them now
on "the continental island."
A St. Louis woman mortally wound
i ed a policeman, and, strange to say,
he was the man she shot at.
Montana is said to be a paradise for
servant girls, where either higher
wages or husbands await them.
In the United States and Canada six
out of every ten young men who have
reached the age of 30 are unmarried.
Tobacco has got a pretty good grip
on the male biped. "In "civilized coun
tries" four men in every six use* to
bacco.
Ancient saying: "The wise wife op
poses wrath with kindness. A sand
bag will stop a cannon ball by -its
yielding." 3£ESi
A frank woman in a divorce case in
Chicago said that she couldn't live with,
or love her husband after his money
was gone. ._ • . .
In time a "salted sea" may' become,
no sea at all. A German scientist es
timates that* the Dead Sea will be one
mass of solid salt within less than- 500'
years.
The following is the copy of a sign
in a remote Georgia county: "A Few-
Bright Scholards Takin to Lern. Writ
in, Spellln and Figerin."
When a young lady* offers to hem a
cambric handkerchief for a rich, bach
elor friend, you can Bet it down - that
she means to sew in order that' she
may reap..
At a recent Western wedding the
bridegroom stood his ground and went
through the ceremony while twelve girl
friends of the bride whistled the wed
ding march.
In England they have learned to pre
serve all their old landmarks. The cot
tage ln Hampshire wherein Jane Aus
ten wrote all her famous books is still •
standing and is apparently unaltered
since her day. v '* ;i.. :
The earth' need not put on .so much
style over the moon after all. Astron
omers say the earth's surface, only ex
j ceeds the moon's by about 13% times.
! The moon's surface is fully as large as
Africa and - Australia together, and
nearly as large as North and South
America without the islands.
"What Is a blush?" asks an anxious
subscriber. A blush is a temporary !
erythema and calorific effulgence of
the physiognomy, aetiologissed by the
perceptiveness of the sensorium when
ln a predicament of unequilibrity from
a sense of shame, anger or other cause
eventuating in a paresis of the vaso
moter nervous filaments of the facial
-capillaries, -whereby being divested of
their elasticity, they are suffused with
radiance emanating from an intimida
ted praccordia.
They tell this <*tory of Ouida's hand
writing: One of the leadin? American
magazines asked for and received an
article from 'her pen, paying therefor
some fabulous price. In course of time
the editors gave it out to be set up,
but even the most expert and long suf
fering compositors in the house's em
ploy struck against the city, it was so
utterly undecipherable. By consequence
the manuscript was passed over to an
expert, who admitted that hieroglyphs
and cuneiform inscriptions were as
child's play to it, yet managed to de
cipher and dictate it to a stenographer.
As to the correctness of the translation
deponent saith not. All that is cer
tainly known is that to this day the ar
. tide remains unused in the editorial
j archives. *
Anthony Trollope's Fun.
Mr. Trollope's big voice drowned every'
one else as he chaffed my father down the
length of the dinner table. He had jested
over golf. (John Blackwood was a devo
tee, and attained to being captain of the
St. Andrew's club), what would he not do
next? He used to make daring assaults
upon the most cherished article of the
Blackwood faith. Blind, unswerving de
votion to the sovereign was one of his
favorite points of attack. "Now, Black
wood, how could the death of the sov
ereign possibly affect you?/' he would say.
"If you heard of it to-morrow morning
you know perfectly well "you would eat
.hist as good a breakfast— would- not
even deny yourself that second kidney."
it was in vain to protest that in face of
such a calamity, the very thought of
broiled kidneys would Be distasteful
Mr. Trollope bore everything before him
and prepared for another attack.
The Conservative party and Dizzy were
a tempting subject for a tilt. "You know,
Blackwood, you know you think exactly
about Dizzy as' 1 do; you know you would
be very glad to hear he had been had up
"for— for shoplifting." Tableau! all hold
ing up their hands and Mr. Trollope de
lighted with the sensation he had pro
duced.—From "Annals of a Publishing
House," Mrs. G. Porter.
The Moor in the Spaniard.
Having seen something of Spain, l have
my theories, and they areas follows: We
are accustomed to look upon the Span
iard as a European. He is not one! he is
largely a Moor in blood, and much more
In character. The Moor did not possess
his country for 800 years and leave It as
If he had not been- there.
It .is from him the Spaniard of to-day
gets his religious fanaticism, his fatal
ism, much of his architecture and music,"
his pride and ceremonious manner, his so
cial characteristics (appearing chiefly in
his treatment of women), his tribal In
stincts, and want of administrative capa
city, which have made it impossible for
the various petty, kingdoms at Spain ever
to really unite under one stable govern
ment; his want of capability of prepara
tion, and finally his bloodthirstlness.
which last, unhappily, cannot be denied.—
Captain Chadwick, U. S. .v.. In Scri*-
ner's. : '•-;''" '
It Is rather discouraging to a man to
have to -wait until after he Is dead for
the world to find out how good ho was. -
HOW TO GET CLOTHES MENDED.
"It is strange that I can't get my wife
j to mend my clothes." remarked Mr. j Bri
i dle, In a tone of disgust. "I asked her to
sew a button this vest this morning, and
she hasn't touched it."
"You asked her!" said Mr. Norris, with
a slight shrug of his shoulders.
"Yes. "What else should I do?"
"You haven't been married very' long,
so perhaps you'll take a tip from me,"
answered Mr. Norris, with a fatherly air.
Never ask a woman to mend anything—
that's fatal."
"Why, what do you mean?"
"Do as I do. When I want* a shirt
mended for instance. I take it in my hand *
and hunt up my wife. 'Where's the rag
bag, Mrs. Norris?'! demand, in a stern
voice. -'. '• .-..'••;
" 'What do you want a ragbag for?' she
says, suspiciously.
" 'I want to throw this shirt away; it's
all worn out.' I reply. :
" 'Let me 'see It,' she demands.
"But I put the garment.behind my back.
'No. my dear,' I answer: 'there is no use
in "your, attempting to do anything with
it-'
" 'Let 'me see it,' she reiterates.
" 'But it's all worn out I tell you.'
" 'Now, John, give me that shirt,' she
says, in" her most peremptory tone.
"I hand over the garment.
" 'Why, John Norris,* she cries with
womanly triumnh, 'this is a perfectly
good Shirt. ■ All it, needs is-'
"And' then she mends it. —Dallas (Tex.)
News. .=
— . ■ » ■
The average of 'wrecks in the Baltic
Sea is one every day throughout the year.
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Keeley Treat- .
ment not only
cures alcoholism
and drug addic-
tion, but builds
up the shat-
tered nerves
and other af-
fected parts.
Have you TAKE
ever looked the
into it. KEELEY
?
Seed for printed matter that tells all
about it.
THE KEELEY INSTITUTES.
1170 Market Street. San Francisco.
Donohoe Building.
Lankershim Building.* Third and
- Spring St.-, Los Angeles.
Fred A. Pollock. Manager. '
Joftarniia.
A Table Water of exceptional purity
and excellence. — London Lancet,
Usa  • f®"% and
Facial Soap j^? Facial Cream.
Acne, Pimples. Comedones or Flesh "Worms
permanently cured by JOHN H. WOODBURY.
127 \V <2d st.. New York, 163 State St., Chicago.
Inventor of Woodbury's Facial Soap and Facial
Cream. fflfHsTl
DOTTCXJITC FOR BARBERS. DAX-
JJJaU _jIJ 6 "* B. bootblacks, bath-
*^ * • . • houses, billiard tables,
brewer., bookbinders. candy- makers, .nneri.
dyers, flourmills, foundries, laundries, paper-
I bangers, printer*, painters, shoe factories
•tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors. ate.
.BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush-Manufacturers. 609 Sacraments Si '
q .. visit OR. JORDAN'S <*«**
j^gß Museum of Anatomy
Jplraft 1051 MASSE. ST. tO " Sth 6 7th ' S.F. C(_- :
r^B B The LargMtefltskindintie World.
|j|flL\ DR. JORDAN— Private Disease*. j
* I.l] '"'fl Bk. Conmlution free. Write for Book
vl fl.^Philosophy of Marriaga.,
'**» *» ■ ■■■ ' ' ' 'MAILED FREE. .
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARXY AND WASHINGTON STS.—
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD _>
CO. European, plan. Rooms 6©c to il 50 day;
$5 to $8 week: $8 to $30 month, *"ree baths; hot
and cold water every room-, lire grates in every
room; elevator runs all night.
? . HOITT'S SCHOOL
Has removed from Burlingame to Its new,
home at Menlo Park. San Mateo County; ac-
credited, and prepares boys equally well tat
business: next term begins January 16th. 1899;!
IRA G. HOITT, Pti. D.. Principal. I
& .^PATENTS? 3
Vfi-*^3s{j MARKET 'sT.s'JJ
~~ . .. . : : . ■ .. .- : ■ f i
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THd I
great Mexican remedy; gives health and.
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 322 Market.'
78
CRISIS IN THE
GERMAN CABINET
IS APPROACHING
Emperor and Chan
cellor at Outs.
EXPULSION OF THE DANES
CAUSES HOHENLOHE TO OPPOSE
WILLIAM'S POLICY.
Baron yon Koeller, Governor of
Schleswig - Holstein, Is Re
sponsible for the Ob
noxious System.
— .
' Copyrighted, IS9B, by the Associated Press.
BERLIN, Dec. 31.— From 'an. Inside
source it is learned that another Cabi
net crisis here is approaching. For
some time there have been serious dif
ferences of opinion between Emperor
William and the Imperial Chancellor,
Prince Hohenlohe, in two instances,
the question of the highest military
court and the Lippe-Detmold succes
sion case, his Majesty yielded, to some
extent, to the views of Prince Hohen
lohe. This, however, was done more
because of the Emperor's affection for
the head Chancellor, whom he calls
"uncle" in private conversaton and ad
esses by the r> f."ectonate (thou),
than because Prnce Hohenlohe's views
convinced him.
In several other equally important
matters the Prince's view and inten
tions have been over-ridden by the Em
peror and part of the Cabinet, more es
pecially by Dr. Miquel, the vice-presi
dent of the Council of Ministers and
Minister of Finance, the anti-strike bill,
the refusal to sanction the bill to ex
tend the right of political association
and the expulsions 6*" Danes and Aus
trians from Germany being instances of
this.
' Prince Hohenlohe particularly disap
proved of the expulsion of Danes from
North Schleswig as barbarous, Impolitic
and less, but they were approved by
the Emperor and the Chancellor. Al
though he has taken pains to not show
the disapproval of these rules, has
yielded thus far to his Majesty's views.
The consequences of these ceaseless ex
pulsions, which were continued this
• week, have been to greatly embarrass
him, especially in the case of German
"relations with Austria, and induced the
Chancellor to address the Emperor a
long autograph letter this week, set
ting forth in detail the reasons why
he disapproved of the expulsions, and
why, if the home and foreign' policy he
has hitherto followed in agreement
with Emperor William is to be pursued,
it will be necessary to discontinue the
expulsions. His Majesty thus far has
, not" replied to this letter, but he is ex
pected to do so verbally early ' next
week or ; soon after Prince Hohenlohe's
'return to Berlin. . "•. .
, Baron yon Koeller, the .reactionary
ex-Minister of the Interior and Gov
ernor of Schleswig-Holßtein, is mainly
responsible for the system of expul
sions. He is a bitter enemy of Prince
Hohenlohe, to whom he attributes his
downfall a couple of years ago. The
situation thus created is one in which
•he chancellor considers he ctoinot with
heif-respect father the policy of the
empire unless the Emperor "himself
tails a halt, which those surrounding
him do not believe he will do. There
Is a powerful clique working insidi
ously with the aim of rendering the
situation more acute and forcing Prince
Hohenloe'6 retirement, when they be
neve an out-and-out reactionary cab
inet will be formed with the reappear
ance of Baron yon Zedlitz in a high po
rtion, after a disappearance from pub
lic during seven years past and at the
direct command of his majesty;.."?
7 It is adduced in support of this be- j
lief that Government circles will give j
an explanation of the Emperor'! 1 con- j
currence In Baron yon Koeller's "whole- I
sale expulsions in North Bchleswig,
that the political situation there had
been for some time much worse than is !
publicly known and that the network I
of pro-Danish conspiracy had to be !
forcibly uprooted in order to guarantee !
.the security of the country, arid it is i
■further asserted that the Prussian Gov
ernment will advance evidence of this;
conspiracy.
But, in spite of this, all private re- I
ports, newspaper reports and individual j
j reports, agree in pointing out that the
' situation prior to th*:- expulsion was
harmless.
■° The expulsion of the Danes is already
doing considerable harm, to German
• trade, and in Germany exporters are
bitterly complaining and are trying to j
conci :..•• their Danish customers. Two
-well-known Berlin exporting firms have
sent an open letter to their Danish]
.•" clients, which illustrates the feeling of j
the commercial classes here. The let
ter says: "In view of the excited state
• of feeling produced among the Danish'
people by the measures of the Prussian
Government, we beg to point out that 5
in wide circles among the Germans this
excitement is considered perfectly jus- ;
tifiable. Together with our friends and
the majority of the German nation, we
„ shall leave nothing undone to endeavor
| to bring about a repeal of the present
„ severe measures. In the meanwhile we ,
beg you to use your utmost efforts, to
induce the Dar.i*h people not to trans- ■
fer to the German nation their resent
ment against the Prussian • Govern- i
ment." - 7-7--"
• A" significant fact this week was the
- conversion of the Kreuz Zeitung to pro-
American views, which is understood to
, have been due to the direct interference i
of the Government. The Kruez Zel
tunsr, which as the leading organ of the
Conservative party, exerting vast influ
ence in court, official and army circles,
has tended all along to maintain the
spirit of unfriendliness toward the Uni- ,
ted States, has now suddenly, with- '
out giving any reason tor its change of
opinion, become a powerful advocate!
of better and more intimate political
and commercial relations between the
two countries. In a long and carefully j
worded editorial the Kreuz Zeitung for
the first time does justice to American
valor during the recent war with Spain,
pointing out how a good understand- -
Ing In many ways is desirable, and ex- j
pressing the fervent hope that such an
arrangement will be arrived at and
both nations will appreciate each other
better. li also reviews the present for
eign policy of the United Stales and !
says it sees no reason why it should
not receive Germany's support. Speak
ing of the commercial negotiations be- i
tween Germany and the United -States]
the Kreuz Zeitung predicts that a way i
will be found to reconcile the interests ;
of both countrise in, a reciprocal treaty. j
The correspondent here of the Asso
ciated Press has had several conver
sations on the subject with officials of
the German Foreign Office this week.
One Of his Informants outlined the
views of the German Government re- i
specting the commercial negotiations at
"Washington, particularly, emphasizing
the opinion that the United States is j
more interested in securing reciprocal j
■ ■•■< .. ' f.' •'■ -■-. -----'.' ;. -■ y' -_ ■
WATTERSON NAMES
HIS PARTY TICKET
• m — -r — -. • - ;; :• .•
For President, George Dewey of- Vermont; for
Vice President, Fitzhugh Lee of Virginia.
Platform: Stars and Stripes.
O " NEW YORK,' Dec. 31.— A Louisville special to the Herald say&: O
O Henry Watterson will have a characteristic- editorial in the Courier- ©
© Journal to-morrow for a "New Yea Vs. greeting. "In it he nominates O
© Dewey and Lee for the Presidential ticket in 1900 as the last hope of O
O the Democratic party. After the review of the 1596 campaign arid a re- O
©. iteration of his statement' that free silver is as dead as African Slav- ©
© cry Mr. Watterson says: "Voters have about made up their minds ©
O that party pledges are made chiefly to be broken. Democrats, bank- O
© ing on this circumstance should put up a ticket .without a platform. O
O Let them nominate candidates for President and Vice President, men O
O who are a platform in themselves, and If they can induce the. great O
0 admiral and the gallant general' to accept here is a card to. win: For O
O President, George Dewey of Vermont; for Vice President/ FiUhugh ©
© Lee of Virginia. Platform, Stars arid Stripes. ?:?? ©
O "The bloody shirt having served its turn has gone to the old O
© clothes basket. The President knows his business.* At the -oppor- ;' ©
© tune moment we shall see William McKinley - and Joseph/ Wheeler O
© marched, down to the footlights hand in hand, the flag above them, ©
© and beneath them, emblazoned on a strip of red,* white and blue, the ©
© land we love from end to end, or words to that effect, and then what O
© are the Democrats going to do about it? How are. they going to meet O
O it? Their only hope is for a new shuffle, cut and deal of the political O
O pasteboards. •:' .•' :' 7-v?* 7 7 . ©
© "There must be no quibbling about constitutional technicalities O
O where the right of the Government to acquire territory is involved, O
© but construing it as a heaven-sent responsibility they must, take the ©
© ground that this territory shall be governed only ' upon democratic O
0 principles looking to one of two ultimate j conclusions — either arinexa- O
© tion as States of the Union or independent republics under American
O protection." , ' .'• ■ .' *7r . . ? °- /: ©
© '-■..'••.- v-v.-.**.; . O
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQOOOOOOOOOOO© o 0 0
rights than Germany, inasmuch as
while German exports to the United.
States in the articles under discussion—,
sugar, toys, wines and textiles— have *
been steadily declining ' since ■ 1896.
American imports of meat have about
trebled during the same period. He
also said that while German toys, wines
and textiles were rated as : . harmless
throughout the world, the same .could
not be said of American meats.- .
An American official expert Here,
however, pointed out in regard to the
foregoing that while it is true that the
German law prohibits the use of dan
gerous paints on toys intended "for
home markets, there is no such regula
tion in the case of toys going" abroad,
which have been* found to-be danger-,
ous. Those same, remarks, the Ameri
can expert added, applied to German
wines.
Respecting the much larger -imports,
of American meats this year-, the ex
pert said that it was due to the war
with Spain, and was abnormal. . I *_
TRAGEDY ABOARD THE
STEAMSHIP ORIZABA
Aged Suicide Seeks in Death to Pre
vent His Identity' Becom
' . '-. ' : ing Known:
VENTURA, Dee.' : 31.— A' passenger
booked as J. Tt. Lang .oh-. the steamship.
Orizaba,' from .San Pedro to this city,
committed suicide . early this morning':
shortly before the boat* entered Huene
me. He shot himself over* .the. right-: ear
with a 32-caliber revolver, causing, death
instantly He was" well dressed, about fio*
years old, and 5 feet 8 Inches .tall. There
was $2 60 in his vest -.pocket.. A note was
found- pinned to his vest on the inside,
which was as. follows": *' . : ■" ,7.-
To the" Coroner or to Whom It May Concern:.
Age, til-Health, . lack of funds and a wish to
■void becoming- a '"buMei} to the public Impel
me to rali'tiinn the Styx River ferryman a lit
tle:ahriv' of time. No. kith, kin or friends -to
notify. Should ;my remains wash ashore
"(which I hope, they will not do) please dispose
of them at the least .expense possible i to all con
cerned. Truly, yours. . - * '<f3fft£^ .
' -This case seems shrouded with "mystery.,
and it" is believed that both- Liang and
Smith are fictitious names. T. H. Daley,
a liveryman," .positively Identified the
body as "that of his father-in-3aw'thiß af
ternoon.-, but later was in doubt... *»SS.
Daley also visited the Morgue several
times, but was not positive. Daley has
not seen nor heard of. his father-in-law
for several years.- ■ . • •* • j
MAIL BLOCKADE WILL
. SOON BE BROKEN
One Hundred Sacks at Lake Bennett
to Be Transported Over the
Ice to Dawson. •
TACOMA, Dec. 31.— Postmaster Hayden
has been notified by Postmaster Samps.On
and Special Postal Agent Wilcox, both of
Skaguay, that the blockade of mail at
Lake Bennett will be broken very soon
Over a hundred sacks of mail forwarded
from Skaguay since October have, been
h<*ld at Bennett until the lakes andrlvers
should freeze, making ice transportation
possible. -7 _^7 .** , *■*"?'-"*
Norman Macauley of Victoria has pur
chased four tons of creamery butter and
a large quantity of tobacco, which he will
rush Into Dawson during January to re
lieve the shortage of those supplies there.
Two months* ago several Dawsonltes
"cornered" the butter market and bought
the entire supply of certain kinds of to
bacco. Prices havr: pone away up, Insur
ing large profits on Macauley's venture.
Ills expedition will consist of five men be
sides, horse and dog teams.
ASKS FOR INJUNCTION
AGAINST UNION MEN
Wabash Railroad Company Claims It
Is Hampered by a Carpen
ters' Council.
ST. LOUIS. Dec. 31.— The Wabash Rail
road Company baa asked for an injunc
tion against R. Fuelle and others, mem
bers of the Carpenters' District Council,
to restrain it from interfering with it in
its plans to occupy Its quarters in the new
; Lincoln Trust building.
The petition alleges that the plaintiff
; had leased rooms In the building and sent
! a force of its employes to fit up the rooms
for occupancy on January 11, but that they
: were met by the defendants and Informed
that they would not be permitted to work
unless they would agree to join the Car
penters' Council, a .labor organization
to which the defendants belong. 1 ,
The petition charges that the plaintiff's
men were intimidated by hostile demon
strations and did not perform the work.
I It alleges that there is no hope for a com
promise, and that if it Is denied its right
i to occupy the building immediately it will
lx irreparably injured. .
OPPOSE ANTI-SCALPING BILL.
National Live Stock Convention to
Adopt Strong Resolutions.
DENVER,* Dec. 31.'— An officer of the
association said to-day thai the National
Livestock Convention to convene in this
city on January 24 will adopt strong reso
lutions opposing the passage of the anti
scalping bill, which is booked to come up
In the Senate soon after the holiday re
cess. • .
The association will have delegates from
twenty States in the Union, representing
J3s**- .000.000 of invested capital.
prams will be sent to Washington
next week asking the Senate to postpone
action on the measure until after the con
vention, v '■ :: v -■■':■
RECEIPTS ARE INCREASING.
: How Uncle Sam's Revenues Have
Bounded Upward.
7 .WASHINGTON. Dec. 31.— The forth
coming statement of the Government re
ceipts and expenditures. will show that
during the half-year ending to-day, the
receipts aggregated $245,981,890, against
$907,760,574 for the same, period last year.
! According to the Treasury records these
receipts are- the largest since IMS, when
I they reached- $558,032,620 for the entire
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 1, 1899.
fiscal year, and $490,634,010. in 1867. With
the exception of -these two years the re
' ceipts never before in the history of the
country exceeded $490,000,000, and only
■ seven times have they ever reached $400, i
i 000,000. The receipts from 'customs during
l the six months amounted to $96,045,839 as
| compared with* $62,825,021 for the same
: period last year. For the 'month of De
! cember the customs receipts aggregated
; $16,864,325, which was the highest point
« reached under 'the present 'Dingley law
' and the largest for December since 1888,
i when it was $16,900,000.* The "receipts from
l Internal revenue sources amounted during
December to $22,621,319. tne largest since
; the. war of the rebellion. ' The total for
j December was $41,404,794".
ITALIAN SQUADhON
EN ROUTE TO CARTAGENA
I Italy Determined to Collect Indem
nity and Get Satisfaction for
i. Colombia's Insula.
LONDON, Dec. 31.— A special dispatch
, from Rome says an Italian squadron is
i now en route to Cartagena, Colombia, to
: enforce President Cleveland's award of In
! demnity to the Cerrutl creditors. Ad
j miral De Brochetti, who commands the
j. squadron, .has been instructed to insist
upon satisfaction- for the insults to Italy
; which occurred during the debates in the
I Colombia* Chamber. - '•'
PRODUCTION OF METALS.
7 Increases Reported From Several
Western States.
BOISE, Idaho, Dec. 31.— An estimate of
* the production of metals in Idaho during
ISPS made by the assay office in this city
is: Gold, $2,273,700; silver, $7,740,000; lead,
$5,375,755. Total.- $15,389,455. This is an in
crease of. $1,659,570 over 1897.
•SALT LAKE, Utah, Dec. 31.— Wells.'
Fargo '& .Co.'s statement of the mineral
• product of Utah for 1898 shows: Copper,
5,333.638 pounds; unrefined lead. 90.346,100
I pounds; silver, 7,544,722 ounces; gold. 104,
--900'ouncesi Total export value, $9,277,543.
.Computing gold and silver at the mint
I valuation and other metals at their value
' at the- seaboard would Increase the value
j of the product to $15,802,082. ■'.'-'
I " DENVER, free. 31.— The Times to-day
| publishes the following statement- of the
mineral production of Colorado in 1898:
| Gold. $27,501,460; silver.* $14,961,587: copper,
$1,204,514; lead. $3,442,001. T0ta1,. 547,109,562.
The gold output shows a gain of nearly
$8,000,000 over that of 1597. and the total
, mineral production increased $11,145,530. Of
the cold $16,000,000 is credited to Cripple
Greek. • ■•■. .;., * •
SCORES LOUISVILLE'S MAYuR.
Grand Jury Rebukes His Failure to
Check Gambling.
" LOUISVILLE, Ky., Dec. 31. -The De
| cember. Grand Jury, which created such a
i sensation last Saturday by ordering a
I raid of the pool-rooms of the city— the
| first time they had been disturbed during
' the twenty years of their existence—to
| day returned a scorching report in which
• Mayor Charles P. Weaver was taken
: severely to task for his inactivity in the
matter of" gambling in Louisville. The
, report called for the resignation of cer-
I tain members of the Police Board of Pub
i lie Safety, which body has direct control
I of the police force of the city, saying that
; they not only, hindered and obstructed the
j Chief of Police ln the discharge of his
i duty, but that they should make room
for men who would inforce the law.
Gambling of every kind is at an end
I and the Kentucky lottery and the pool
i rooms are closed. Prizefighting, which
i flourished here for a time, has been
stopped. However, a merry-go-round race
track will be constructed here within the
next thirty days and pools will be sold
there. •
..,■--::. *
Sails With Troops for Cuba.
SAVANNAH. Ga., Dec. 31.— trans
port Michigan sailed at 9 o'clock to-night
for Cuba with two battalions of the Third
Nebraska.
General Wilson, with headquarters of
: the First Army Corps and the Eighth
i Massachusetts and Third Kentucky, has
; been ordered here to embark for Matan
zas. The Manitoba and the Minnewaska
•and Michigan will return at once from
Cuba to carry the Seventh Cavalry.
A FAMOUS INSTITUTION.
The Old and Favorably Known Santa
Clara College.
The Santa Clara College, located in
j the town of the name it bears, is one
of the most celebrated secular institu
tions of learning in California. It was
established by the fathers of the So
! ciety of Jesus on March 19, 1851, and
! was chartered on April 28, 1855, with all
j the rights and privileges of a univer
sity. It has made rapid strides since
that time and many men notable in
the history of California are graduates
therefrom.
The college is admirably located and
is justly celebrated for the beauty of
its surrounding scenery and the mild
ness and salubrity of climate. It is
easily accessible by rail, it being lo
cated on the lines of the Southern Pa
cific and South Pacific Coast railways.
The college, buildings are extensive
: and admirably adapted for the purpose
to which they are devoted. In the
' past few years extensive improvements
, were made and there are now seven
| -large buildings, besides, others of less
Importance, enclosed in a quadrangle
'of nearly ten acres. With most com
i plete and appropriate accommodations
; in every department and a full staff of
professors, this institution presents
['. uncommon advantages for the moral,
' mental and physical training of young
men and boys.
Among the studies taught are Greek,
Latin, English, elocution, mental phil
-1 osophy, natural sciences, mathematics,
i arithmetic, bookkeeping, history, geog
raphy, modern languages. and the fine
arts. The equipments of. the Institu
tion are of the latest and best. The
president is Rev. Joseph W. Riordan, S.
' : J. ; vice president, Rev. Robert E.
' Kenna, S. J.; treasurer, Rev. J. Collins,
S. J.
' Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
' or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
"CURRENCY
REFORM" IS
THE SUBJECT
Comptroller Dawes'
Address.
LEGISLATION IS REVIEWED
[RECOMMENDATIONS OF ' THE
PRESIDENT APPROVED.
Means by Which the United States
Government May /Be Enabled "
to Check the "Endless '•
' ; : Chain" System.
*
..Special. Dispatch to The Call. .
' CHICAGO, Dec. 31— The Hon. Charles
G. Dawes, Comptroller of the Currency,
was the guest of the Commercial Club
this evening' and delivered an address
on "Currency Reform." He. said *in
part: '■ 7*'
"At the election of 1896 the chief Issue.,
before the American people for settle
ment was that of the maintenance of
the gold standard and a sound gov
ernmental currency. * The commercial'
crisis of 1893 with the consequent re
duction in Governmental revenues had
developed an inherent weakness in our
present monetary system, which before
that time had been latent. This weak
ness was largely due to two causes;
first, the disproportion existing between
demand governmental currency liabili
ties and th« gold held by the treasury
for their redemption; second, the fact
that these demand currency liabilities,
like greenbacks, being once redeemed
in gold, could be paid out again for
government expenses, thus making pos
sible a further presentation for gold re
demption, and creating what has be
come, commonly known as the 'endless
chain?"
"As pointed out in the Presidents
last message the proportion of net gold
holdings to demand currency liabilities
of the treasury November 1, 1898, was
25.35 per cent, as compared with 16.96
per cent on November 1, 1897. Recog
nizing these conditions the President in
his last annual message to Congress
makes a recommendation which, if
enacted into law, would break the end
less chain and still further strengthen
the condition of governmental cur
rency already so greatly improved by
the treasury operations of the last year.
His words are as follows: 'In my judg
ment the present condition of the treas
ury amply justifies the immediate
enactment of legislation recommended
one year ago, under which a portion of
the gold holdings should be placed in
a trust fund from which greenbacks
should be redeemed upon presentation,
but when once redeemed should not
thereafter be paid out except for gold.*
"This is the interpretation placed by
the President of the United States upon
the nature, of the demand of the people
in 1896 for monetary reform;, and while
not denying, as his message shows, the
necessity of other legislation, which nt
leaves to the wisdom of Congress, he
strongly urges its enactment into. law.
"To press the consideration of other
proposed remedies at this time will
prove a hindrance and obstruction to
the adoption of this recommendation
Which is plainly a step in advance.
After this recommendation is enacted
into law those who have what seems
to them a more complete remedy can
then present it for consideration. There
are many sincere and able men who
maintain that the Government can, to
Its own advantage and for the common
good, avail itself indirectly of the note
issuing function of national banks.
They believe that this can be accom
plished by removing the present re
striction required as security for bank
notes, the specific deposit of Govern
ment bonds, so that the banks will as
sume the burden of gold redemption of
Government notes in order to secure
the profit from the issuing of bank cir
culation to take their place.
"It must be remembered, however,
that the' present condition of the reve
nues, finances and credit of our Govern
ment clearly indicate that there is no
excuse to be found in governmental
necessities for any legislation which
would be unwise if the interests of the
people and business community alone
were considered. If the improvement in
governmental currency could not be se
cured except by a radical change in
banknote currency there would be
ground for a demand for the concur
rent consideration of governmental and
banking currency legislation. But when
the improvement of governmental cur
rency is possible otherwise the chances
for it should not be jeopardized by the
refusal of the advocates of bank-asset
currency to present their case upon its
own merits alone. At present among
those who favor a system of banknotes
secured by the commercial assets of
banks there does not seem to be that
definite agreement upon and acceptance
of terms which will enable any of these
plans to receive even the united sup
port of those who believe in th* prac
ticability under our banking system of
bank-asset currency. Some of the plans
of one year ago differ from those advo
cated to-day. The two bills having their
source in the House Committee on
Banking and Currency differ materially
from each other and neither commands
the united support of that committee.
"Each of these bills differs from other
plans suggested. Evidently time must
elapse before even the friends of this
particular kind of currency can be
united on a measure. I maintain that
the fundamental proposition which un
derlies all present bills providing for
bank currency without Government
bonds as security, namely, the prefer
ence of the note holder over the de
positor in'the distribution of the assets
of an insolvent bank, would work a
grave injustice upon the depositor class
of the country, with results in the high
est degree injurious to the whole com
munity.
"If the preference of the. bank-asset
note holder over the depositor provided
for by pending plans be decided unjust
and impracticable and an additional tax
upon circulation be proposed to remove
this Injustice, new elements of uncer
tainty are Introduced and the question
must also be discussed, whether, in new
estimates of the tax upon solvent par
ticipating banks necessary to make up
the losses on the notes, we have any
right to assume that all or a large pro
portion of the sound banks will go Into
the uncovered note-issuing, business;
and if only a few banks issue notes how
we could prevent that few from being
the smallest and weakest banks in the
system; and how, if a few banks and
weak banks only Issue notes at first
the tax on such circulation* to make
up losses can be held down so as to
Invite that general participation in as
set-note issuing by sound banks for
purposes of profit, which would be es
sential to the absolute safety of the
notes. ' *•.-'./■■'?'
-"These and many other questions
must be settled and rightly settled be
INTERVIEW WITH POPE
LEO A YELLOW FAKE
•3 — « w
8 " NEW YORK, Dec. 31.— A Rofne special. to the World says: : Car- 8
« dinal Rampolla, the -Vatican Secretary of- State, asked the World cor- w
£ • respondent to-day to cable to the World the following statement, g
&■ "The report of ah interview with his Holiness, published in the ivew w
& York Journal of December 10, is absolutely false. The Pope never re- «
» -ceived the Journal correspondent nor any other journalist, The _in- w
8 terview is not only false, but ridiculous. • It makes the Pope speaK or «
£ things to a journalist which he would not even confide to a Cardinal, «
# I pray the World to deny this invention." •' £*
$tftftftftftftftftftftftftf.tftftftf££tftftfSatf-atf
fore the people will consent to the
abandonment of the present system un
der which banknotes are as • good as
Government notes whether but one
bank or all the -banks issue notes.
Fortunately for the country and for its
business and commercial interests the
discussion and settlement of all these
vexed and complicated problems need
not stand in the way of true govern
mental currency reform as outlined in
the two annual messages of the Presi
dent of the United States. In the minds
of the people of the country the issue
of 1896 was not the reform of our pres
ent banknote currency, but the refor
mation of governmental currency. - I
believe that the people and the busi
ness interests of this country demand
that whatever changes are made in our
currency system to break the endless
chain and insure the safety of the gold
standard should, if possible, be simple'
and easily understood. They are not
now', nor. have they been in favor of
complicated or radical changes. As they
desire stability in" the tariff -system, so
they desire stability in the currency
system. While they want improvement
MAJOR KYLE, WHO WILL BE CHIEF CLERK OF THE
ASSEMBLY.
i in both when necessary, they are not
I in favor of unnecessary tinkering with
j either. The bank currency plans of one
year ago have changed, but the Presi-
I dent's recommendation has not
1 changed. The bank currency plans of
this year may change, but the value
of the recommendations of the Presi
| dent will not be affected. Who is better
i qualified and who more entitled to our
j attention as an interpreter of the voice
I of the American people in 1896 for sound
: money and the gold standard than he
I whom the people chose in that great
! contest as their chief magistrate?
"Already the ponderous wheels of in
dustry so long stilled are moving. Al
ready work seeks the American work
ingman. Already the credits of the
country, so intimately connected with
the country's prosperity and yet so
sensitive to radical currency legislation,
are reviving under the influence of im
proved conditions and of the restored
confidence of man In man. Let us make
!no mistakes. Let us take no backward
i steps. Let us all, whether we have this
I theory or that theory of banking cur-
I rency, stand at one side for the present
j until the President's recommendation
1 becomes law and forwards govern
mental currency reform."
ADVERTISEMENTS. •'.,'* * .*?
*r ■ ~~~- - .. ■ —^-^ —^^ —^*~^^r —^,-i ■ -*- — '~—^~- ■ ■ "
■*$»*»---HK--a3-^^
POWER OF
STRONG MEN ! j
i I i The world loves a strong man. His strength 5
I j£iSK f 1 enables him to gain and hold respect. It is the •«
X _E^ ?__ )J$ keynote to his success: Every man may be. J
2 i ' " A A strong man is a king. Obstacles are nothing to him. With confi- <"
*» / V dance In himself and the respect which he inspires by his strength, '£
•% .J \ success comes -to him in everything. Men and women "admire .him for S
*"• / rJ \ f^-, \ ' his strength. It Is a source" of pleasure and pride. The reason- is cvi- J
t I \ I \ A dent. Strength is vitality, vital force,- nervous energy. The founda- 2
& I 'Al (' "*" I * tlon ot manl y strength is the possession of that exhilarating force ■"-%
& I jtMfi ,-^gs ** I / known as electricity, which is the life of the nerves. ' • £
•'"' l^M IT COMES FROM ELECTRICITY. 1
b' _^ 7^ *f-fl_k Every strongman is- full of electricity. Every weak man lacks the ,3
% aa\\\a\a\\\\\X77f}. ?'E_W. amount heeded to keep up his vital force. Here,. then, is the cause of v.
P _M*'" ; *?- :; '« ' "'^Bk man's strength. How is ft with you, reader?. Are you the man you «
5' i _otT'"* * "-•'?.:=■ ■•'" : '-"^ '''-'-* -^i'^Sv should be at your age? Are your nerves strong? Have you confidence $
£ |S^S'^* i *^.-?3^S^!_ in yourself? Are you free from the results of- -early errors? -If not, £
"*► U^yJaWw - __^. let me help you. bet me fill your nerves with the fire .of life, charge i,
*> : i . _Sl_&__i_Sr _A your whole body with nerve energy. This can be done by wearing my -"
"i __-Sll9_- _»^^_r S»i Electric Belt, which has a record of 10,000 cures in the United States— *t
MnßS^n jSiIWB'KBx /-S^Nl. (H^iw record of cures accomplished after the failure of all other known '•
I^^^^^S I WILL SEND YOU MY BOOK FREE. I
£ /Mm _H_M I have a little book called "THREE CLASSES OF MEN," which 3
i 'af^mWf ,_^~s=- '" , *k*^^_^ /^_~l^ is free to you if you will call or write for it. It Is full of valuable in- -5
t Bj _«^-s--^ *^*^*^ 5 -^^ formation to men who are not as strong as. they would like to he. Qet i
? *w^ ' . this book to-day. It may be worth years of -your life. Call or ad- -2
6 dress 7 '.'yy'-' " .' . .' • y
i^c^'J^: Tr* ®^^*"?^. 9 ! NOT IN DRUGSTORES. 1$
jV 702 Market Street, Corner Kearny, San Francisco. ' — =- q
-% r Office hours, la.mto 8 p. m -' Sundays. 10 to 1. Branches at Los Angeles. . Dr. *® an en '"; E I lC. ct t r 1 !li* 2?" '.^n)', 0 -*" ™\* il ?
•J ■ Cab. 204% South Broadway: Portland, Or.. 253 Washington street: Denver! drug Mores nor by traveling agents, only at ,*!
jf Colo., 931 Sixteenth street; Dallas, Tex.. 285 Main street; Butte, Mont.. .110 North | our otiiCti • ". X
5* Main street. . ! — i ■ -r— r~ : ■ ' i
BURNS WORKERS
TRYING TO FORCE
.•'■--•. A CAUCUS
Continued from Second Page,
was merely a blind given out for the
purpose of deceiving those who might
either inquire or desire to know where
the Governor-elect was. It was stated
as a fact that Gage was in consultation
with D. M. Burns and his friends at
the Palace Hotel in San Francisco dur
ing the entire evening. The subject of
discussion "was as to how the Senatorial
candidacy. of Mr. Burns could be best
advanced. The details of It were not
obtainable . here, but Governor-elect
Gage devoted his entire evening to it,
so It was authoritatively stated by a
member of his household. 7"--,
MAJOR KYLE FOR
CHIEF CLERK OF
THE ASSEMBLY
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Dec. '31.— It is the talk to
night that the Assembly will be organ
ized without scandal or prolonged con
test for? patronage. Major Kyle, who
rendered the party .excellent service in
the late campaign, may" not have a.
walkover, for chief clerk, but he will
win out handsomely.
Ex-Senator Banks of San Francisco
is slated for sergeant at arms, with no
competitor in sight. '.• . "
In the Senate Frank Brandon will be
re-elected as clerk. There was talk a
few days ago of a candidate from Ala
meda County, but later reports are to
the effect that Mr. Brandon" will have
no opponent.
No such harmony .'exists, however in
regard to the position of sergeant at
arms of the Senate. The fight is on at
present between Mike Smith of San
Francisco and Lou Martin, a Southern
Pacific" Railroad conductor. Leslie
Blackburn, who was in. the fray until
last Tuesday, has withdrawn from the
fight, and so the contest is down to
Smith and Martin.
♦
CAUCUS TO
DECIDE UPON
PATRONAGE
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Dec. 31.— 1t is announced to
night that there will be a joint caucus
of the Republican majority to-morrow
afternoon for the purpose of discussing
patronage matters necessary to the or
ganization of the Legislature.
The prevailing opinion is that no
definite decision will be reached except,
perhaps, a determination of the amount
of patronage that is to go to each mem
ber, .v'yyv
The naming of the attaches will be
delayed by such members as desire to
postpone permanent organization un
til Tuesday.
It is expected that one result of the
caucus will be a welding of all factions
opposed to Burns' Senatorial candi
dacy. __"**■
SOUGHT TO ADD THE
KAISER TO ITS STAFF
New York Paper Sends Him a Check
With a Request for a Signed
Article.
LONDON, Jan. The Berlin corre
spondent of the Observer states that a
local paper, the name of which is not
given, vouches for the truth of an amus
ing story, according to which Emperor
■William recently received a letter from a
New York publisher, inclosing a check for
$5000, and requesting that His Majesty
write an article, giving his views upon the
Spanish-American war.
The check was returned through tha
German embassy at Washington with
the observation that Mis Majesty had
neither time nor the wish at present to
devote himself to a journalistic career.
SEEKING DATA AS TO
THE CONFEDERATE DEAD
Already the Government Is Taking
Steps to Properly Mark
the Graves.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. George
Moorman, adjutant general, has issued a
circular to United Confederate Veterans'
division commanders in each Southern
State, in which he says: "Official request
has been made by an officer of the Gov
ernment, asking these headquarters to
furnish at once a list of all graveyards or
cemeteries where Confederate soldiers are
buried, and, as far as possible, the num
ber of interments. Will you please send
at once names of cemeteries, location and
number interred as far as you are able
and at once take measures to ascertain
and report at your very earliest conveni
ence all in your division?"
JOHN CANTY LIVES.
Was Not Killed in the Steamer T. C.
Walker Disaster.
• STOCKTON, Dec. John Canty, tho
missing fireman who was on the steamer
T. C*: Walker when the steam drum ex
ploded*.with such disastrous results near
Turner's landing on November 27, has
been heard from. He has written to the
California Navigation and- Improvement
Company that .he has been; ill at St.
Mary's Hospital in San Francisco all the
time* the Deputy United States Marshals
'we're' searching for him- and did not know
.that he was wanted. ' .*' .'-•'
going, after: trusts.
Ohio's Attorney General to Sue the
-. American Biscuit : Company.
* COLUMBUS, Dec. 31.— Attorney General
aidnett is "going" after another company
which is*. regarded as. a trust. It Is the
American Biscuit Company of which .B.
F. Crawford is president. He is prepar
ing a petition to file in the Supreme. Court
to oust the company which- is capitalized
at $55,000,000, • but which he has been in
formed, is doing business on $5,000,000 cap
ital. Some of the wholesale grocers have
made complaint. .- ;* ■ ;•/
Relations With Switzerland.
BERNE, Switzerland, Dec' 31.— After
protracted negotiations the United States
Government has agreed to the unrestrict
ed application of the most favored nation
Clause to Switzerland, even as affected
by the special. reciprocity agreement be
tween the- United' States. and France. The
Washington Government .proposed, to ne
fotlate a special commercial treaty with
wl'tzerland. _\ !_ *■ , .-
.Underwood Accepts.
ST. 'PAUL, DeC: 31.— The Globe* says:
The negotiations between the receivers of
the .Baltimore" and' Ohio acting in behalf
of the reorganization syndicate and Fred
erick B. Underwood, general manager or
the * Soo • road, whereby the Tatter is to
become' general manager of the Baltimore
and Ohio - system, were ended .to-day,
when Mr. Underwood formally accepted
the appointment.
Bazaars Are Forbidden.
MONTREAL, Dec. 31. — Archbishop
Bruchesl to-day issued a mandament for
bidding the holding of bazaars in the fu
ture for any purpose whatever. He has
also cautioned the French Canadian news
papers not to publish any more pictures
of murderers and to publish merely the
outlines of the cases in future.MEREDITH AND
MAJOR MOORE
IN THE STOCKS
They Will Be Investi
gated Next Tuesday. •■■;
GAVAN EXPOSES FALSEHCOD
_!11--7. : ..- ,■•'...
DENIALS OF THE BUREAU CHIEF
HELD BELOW PAR. '•'_•''
This Has Been a Bad Year for Col-'
lector Jackson and Hi's ? 7
Pull at Wash- "./■}.
'7 '■'/ ... ington. '*.
. -- r . • .-■> •■■ ■ .•■ • • ■ . . ■;.'.-•
■ .Special Agents . Smith' - and Link? who
have been detailed '..19 'investigate,* the
charges of mal-ionduct ' preferred against
Special Agent Moore by : his old Quarry?
ex-Collector -Wise, "will 'be£.i.n the inves
gation next Tuesday.'- In. cdriformity
with the precedent established ■by Euro
pean police methods, the -inquiry will be
secret, acd all parties concerned wfll be
warned under dire penalties not to reveal
anything that hapens within the sacred
precincts of the official star chamber.
The appointment of these gentlemen was
a disappointment to Collector Jackson and
his ally. Mr. Wise. Mr. Wise insisted all
along that Collector Jackson should be
(designated as the investigating officer to
handle cat only the charges against
Moore, but those against Meredith as
well, but Assistant Secretary Howell
found so much discrepancy between t..e
statements of Jackson and Wise and the
report of Major Moore oa the matter of
the escape of Fong Suey Wan, through
the apparent connivance of Chief Mere
dith, that he did not consider that Col
lector Jackson would go into the inquiry
with that cold, calm, judicial mind which
Is the ideal of the searcher after truth.
Fcr instance. Wise said in Washington
that before he left San Francisco Col
lector Jackson had lr.fornfed him that the
.Chinese Burean had let Fong Suey Wan
Igo because Miss Cameron of the Chinese
Presbyterian Home Mission and Assist
ant United States Attorney Bert Scfaies-
Inger had pleaded with Major Moore and
the others that the poor woman should
be allowed to go. Collector-Jackson has
denied that he told Wise anything* of the
kind and that nothing of the kind had
taker place.. But Mr. Wise's recklessness
ln making statements and the . fact that
he stood by Boodler Dick Williams to the
last, just as Jackson is standing by Mere
-"dtth, have induced Assistant Secretary
Howell to select a special -.-•J of Spe
cial Agents to try both Major. Moore and
the Chinese Bureau. Another considera
tion which 'had much weight' with Mr.
Howell was the fact that Jackson is the
head of the Chinese Bureau, ahd as such
is responsible for its management and for
the acts of his appointee. * jtience however
proper a person Mr. Jackson might be in
other matters it might hot appear to be
In good taste for him to- sit in judgment
ca himself. .'-.- '•• * " :• •'*. '*.'
Chief Meredith has seen fit to deny "to
members of the press the statement made
in last Sunday's Call to the effect that he.
tried to confuse Witness W, ... Uavsui, .
who had seized a Chinese letter, of, tn- ,
structions on .the person of" a' man ; named
Brown, a former clerk Of _t M. Fbote^an
attorney who has done considerable Chi
nese business during -the -past year. Mr. ■
Gavan was sejen after the denial and
made the following statement: • . : '--:« r.
"On November IX,' IS9S,' X received on
official letter heads the following .note;
In the matter cf Wod* £x> Shin.°(Beleic).-r
--i.le'aboce cuae- is __t-Jcr * feeirtnr in -Judge
H»acock'3 court to-day:' kt' 2 .o'clocic -. It will' *
greatly facilitate matters if the -Collector will j
orier W. H. Gavan, Customs Laborer, to call j
on me at the' bureaa not-'ia,ter than 1" p. m. to-,
day. as I wish t? ta!k:wtth .Rim 'before,' going
Into court on this matter., ' A, letter .concernins .
me case was seized by Mr. Gavan. ' '
. « .B. -.E. MEREDITH.
"The foregoing note was • addressed to
Collector Jackson. On the back was the
following Indorsement;- * * .--.''.•'
Mr. \V. H. Gavan: Fjease tall .-at i;obia .71*.
.Appraisers* building to-day." before 1 b'clcjolc
and see Mr. Meredith' .a.;s liesir'vl'witliln..
-. J. P. o JAeK'sO^^-'CoUecfor.
"I went "to- the- private .office pf Mr.
Meredith in- the Chinese Bureau and "he
did his best to make toe say that, a-let
ter which he showed me was. the one I.had
found on Brown. He asked;me *agalh"and'
again if I wasn't mistaken' ahd he kept
it up for half an hour at * least;. He
seemed so much to want me to say that
the letter he showed me was. the one that
I ask-d him. 'Do you . waht me to say*
that this is the letter?' He didn-t deny It
or say ar.vthing In answer tomy.qut'stion.
Finally I told him that it -was no. use
-that he might as well give up its at -
• tempt, for I had put a private marie, on
the letter I had seized and at knew
It was not the letter he showed mc,."
Meredith's denial of anything that may
be charged against him. however, will not
go for much, for he has denied the truth
more than once, the most conspicuous in
stance being the denial of the fact that
a reporter had warned him of the expect
ed escape of Fong Suey Wan. ■ Meredith
was forced to withdraw his denial on
that occasion and he will be forced to
withdraw his denial of the Gavan inter
view as well.
This has not been & good year for the
forces of Collector Jackson. Every fight
he has made has been a losing one. He
.worked for months In the endeavor to
have Colonel Irish removed from the of
.fire of Naval Officer and to have Colonel
.'•"Billy"' Hamilton appointed in his place.
■'"*3ut President McKinley said that he did
t>ot nropose to remove Irish and that
Colonel Hamilton should be satisfied with
. the position of cashier.
'" The next body blow that the Collector
'received was the appointment by the Sec
.retary of the Treasury of Dr. Gardiner as
a full-fledged Chinese inspector. It had
been stated by Meredith and his friend 3
that Dr. Gardiner was a pig-headed
.zealot and that he and Major Moore and
the reporters, of all the San Francisco
■ daily papers were In conspiracy to ruin
him (-Meredith), and Gardiner's appoint
ment therefore knocked the. wind out of
.the Bureaucrats. This was followed by
'tr>» rejection of Jackson as the : vest: gar -
••■'Qr and judge of misdoings charged
.la-galnst his own appointee and in his own
: .department. "fy -?
. :* Verily, it has not been a happy year
*.-fv)r the Federal brigade.. Gardiner, a mln
'ister nf the Gospel and. a man unused to
the guileful ways of politics, stands upon
the Federal heap alongside of Colonel
'Irish, a Gold Democrat, and would crow
defiantly if he didn't have use for his
neck to preach with.
LOST PART OF HIS EAR.
,
Louis Sevenson Has a Rough Expe
rience With Bad Men.
' A weil-dressed, middle-aged man was
found in an unconscious condition at Cal
ifornia and Stockton . streets yesterday
morning. Part of his right ear was gone
and a deep cut in his head indicated that
li? had been brutally assaulted. After
his wounds were dressed he was removed
t-> one- of the wards of the hosplt.al until
he recovered consciousness.. .
Several hours later' the patient regained
hin senses, and to the question of Steward
Hogan he gave his name as Louis Seven
son. He claimed he was walking along
California street on his way home when
b« was. accosted by two men, one of
vhem asked him for V) cents, sevenson
laughed at the demand and was-in tho
net of walking away when one of the
men stiuck ilmin the face, knocking
him -'own. As he fell his cead struck
pgiur.st the curbing, severing his- car as
th.-ugn it had been cut with a knife.
• . Sevenson has given the police a good de
roript'.">c of the nun. and every elicit
%U. be made to run them do»>
■ c Advances made en furniture and piano-, with
■ C X without removal. J. N'oonaa. Kl7-1C23 Mission.
Their Annual Dinner.
'.The annual dinner of the George 11.
Thomas Post. No. 2. G. A. R... • m held
lajst evening., at the California Hotel. -An
"iaborate feast was spread, which was
heartily enjoyed by the veterans.. " Dur
ing the dinner the occasion was enlivened
by music of a patriotic and inspiring na
ture. A number of patriotic toasts were
responded to in an appropriate vein.
Among the speakers of the evening were:
J. H. Roberts. W. J. Watson, C. G.
Strong. A. Mautner, J. A. Waymire, E.
A. Bull's R- P. -nomas, R. H. Warfield.
W. F. McNutt, C. P. Welch, A. J. Vining,
Major Edward Field. Major General H.
C. Merriam. W. H. L. Barnes and Hon.
N. Blacks cl.
WORK FOR MARTIN FRAGLEY.
j Bush, and Other Streets in the West
? em Addition Need Repairing*.
With two big furrows running parallel
and a tint zigzag 'cuts -from the main
gutterways" Bush street, from Central av
enue to Stockton, bears evidence of.cor
porate' greed and c neglect. These furrows
are what is left to remind "the public that
at one time the Sutter-street Railway
Company was the owner of a system of
horsecars that rah at uncertain periods of
the lay over Bush street from Market
street to Central avenue. '■ The people at
the time those cars crawled over the street
dubbed them "ghost cars." ■ •
They were, however, ordered off th i
street by a decision of the Supreme .Court,
'ahd with the discontinuance of- the- impo
sition the greedy company removed the
rails and ties, leaving deep ugly furrows
behind as. reminders of what a soulless
corporation can ; do. *• The furrows are
there to-rday. ■" ' : - • '
For -some unknown cause Street Super
intendent Ambrose has never taken ac
tion to have the thoroughfare put ln con
dition. ".'lt Ss so bad that at the crossing
of Fillmore the street is caved in and a
hole remains there full .of rubbish and
stagnant water the year round.*.
Dr. Charles V. Cross of California and
Fillmore -has time and : again drawn the
attention of the Fillmore-street Improve
ment Club to this daiTgeraus nuisance,
but no h.ed has been taken of the street
or these, complaints," by the Superintend
ent of Streets. ..* f ■■'-;".".
This club, that has done much for the
Improvement of the- thoroughfares iri' this
section of the Western Addition, has re
quested that Fillmore street, .from Bush
to California, be paved with bitumen 011
both sides of the car track. •
USHERED OUT THE
YEAR WITH PRAYER
SOLEMN MIDNIGHT SERVICE AT
ST. LUKE'S.
Rev. W. H. Moreland Preaches an
Eloquent Sermon Fraught With
Warning and Suggestion
for the Future.
In marked contrast to the uproar and
hurly-burly of the streets last night was j
the solemnity which pervaded the vari- •;
ous sacred edifices and awed the vast con
gregations Into silence and retrospection
as the old year hastened to its close.
As it is wont to be on such occasions,
St. Luke's Church was crowded to its
very doors, many perhaps having been
drawn thither by the -thought- that it .
would be the last time": they would. hear'
the admonitions of the* Rev. W. H'".More-7
land as their rector at a .New Year's eve
service. In. the appearance of the' church, j
bow'Fver there was So touch of sadness,
the decorations of 1a..-- Sunday still.haag*: ■
lug in graceful wreath and -fold- and. the
myriad ; lights from . cluster and .'corona,'- J
shedding a' brightness into .each remote. ,
corner of the building.*. '..' Shortly before
the.- silent entrance .of the choir, of men
into : the chancel",- the organ; -.under, the
skilled fingers, M Mr. "Sa'ben,*' breathed
forth a.- 'soft 'prelude.* which placed, '.the.
souls of. the listeners- m -nirmbny * With ;
the place and. the hour," for" -who can-feel
aught but sadness -.when an old friend—',
though it be only'" a -.year— ls dying? •'- :
At twenty minutes after 11 the- choir
and ; clergy were in "their- places, the open-,
hymn, "Abide; Wit- Me, Fast. Falls
the.Eventitde,"".was. sung; and the short/
ened form of evening prayer. begun. . The!
prayer concluded, ' the hymn.*. "A* "Few
More Years Shall Roll,'-* was. beautifully.
rendered by . the .-fine • chorus." of men's
voices-, the boys -of the; choir not.- being-:
called upon to officiate at .the late, ser- *
vice. The rector, Rev. W. it. Moreland..
then began his brief discourse, choosing
as his text, from St. Paul's eoistle to=.t-he [
• Corinthians, the. words, ■ "Tne time . is ;
short." • *. " ''".".:'*'
The preacher first Addressed; his hear- !
ers on the brevity of human life,' Though .
time is short, eternity is long, 'and* is'
necessary". that we all should be- -prepared '
when called upon to make .the exchange.
The speaker urged ■ the- need of making .
good use of the present, and went on to.
show how the- future, depends .-upon the"
present,- as.- manhood depends upon .our
youtn." -,It. is- necessary. to .put away- ail';
that- has. been evil in. the- old life;' so; as*'
to -enter ' bravely and hopefully. .• into the
new year;' * ••■ '
When within a minute of the hour -of"'
midnight-, the 'preacher paused and. asked
the •;• congregation 'to join with him In
.kneeling before the throne' of God. in silent
supplication. Instantly this' posture was
asiutoed by all present and a soJ*mn'still-*
ness? filled.' the, building .until broken by'
the noises and discords (if 'the outer world
which greeted' the' advent of 1539. Re
suming 'his address', Mr. Moreland pre.
Rented 'his greetings to the congregation,
wishing one and all a happy and glad.
New Year. The -Doxology was heartily
sung by choir and . congregation, after
which came the closing hymn:
Come, my soul, thou must be waiting;
' Now la breaking o'er the earth another day.
The benediction was then given and the i
worshipers dispersed to exchange New
Year's greetings In the noisy and tumul- i
tuous outer world.
"CANNED FREEDOM" FOR FILIPINOS
The Long Predicted Wave of Prosperity Now
Coming In and of Great Volume.
E. S. Pillsbury, who has lately returned from the East, was seen at his offic*
by a Call reporter yesterday and questioned about the business and political
situation there. Mr. Pillsbury did not at first take very kindly to being inter
viewed, though he declared. In a slightly sarcastic tone, that as ha had been
away a month he naturally had nothing in particular to do. He described the
business conditions throughout the East as most promising; said that the wave of
prosperity so long looked for and predicted was now coming in and of great
volume. That this improvement not only applied to railroad stocks and bonds,
and securities of that character, but as well to the iron and steel industries and
other great industrial interests. That confidence was fully restored, trade was
active •-nd Increasing, money abundant and ail other conditions favorable for a
long period of good times. Being asked when the better times would reach
California, he insisted that they were here already: that the last year had been
the best for business men in .San Francisco since 135:2. and but for the drought
the whole State would have, participated In the improved condition of af
fairs, and rain is now only needed for the coming year to insure a turn for the
better to all.
As to the Philippine question, he said there was nothing to discuss; this Is
sue was settle^; there was no use looking backward. While many of us might
deprecate the necessity of the war and regret tbat the occupation of the Phil
ippines became necessary as a war measure, we must accept the situation
as it now is. The treaty would be ratified by the Senate, and many questions
were likely to arise in the near future which would require the exercise of tne
highest statesmanship on our part. "This is a good thing," he continued. "The
money question is settled, also that of the tariff for some time to come, and It is
we:; for the people to have their thoughts turned to our cardinal principles
of government and how they shall be worked out in view of the new complica
tions which face us." To an inquiry about the reported purchase of the Phil
ippines by Japan, he declared It was all newspaper nonsense. "Japan has no
$250.'XX),iX)<J for any such purpose, being already strained to keep up Its military
footing and creating a fine deficit every year on that account. No, sir." he said,
with some emphasis, "'our flag has been raised in the Philippines and It is not
going to be hauled down. We shall maintain an army adequate to the demands
of our changed conditions. Our immense foreign trade will eventually be car
ried in our own ships, and we shall have a navy sufficient to protect that com
merce. To the suggestion that a portion of the inhabitants were objectionable,
he replied. 'Not more so than the Apache Indians, whom we took along with
Arizona and New Mexico." But it was suggested there was an insurgent party
there to treat with, which he denied, claiming that . Spain was exercising sover
eignty over the whole archipelago when Dewey carried the war there. "We have
obtained those islands by a treaty with Spain, by which the sovereignty Is to
be transferred to us; the result is * the same as when we acquired that
of Louisiana, Florida, Alaska and California, for that matter. Suppose, a Span
ish Governor here had Been defying the Government of Mexico when we ac
quired the country by the treaty of Guadaloupe Hidalgo, or an Indian chief had
laid claim to some of the territory of Alaska at the time it was purchased from
Russia. .1 fancy we wouia have made short work of such pretensions. We ar-*
going to govern the Philippines as w# think best, and we have the right, and it
Is our duty to do so. We will not only supply them with 'canned freedom,' as
suggested by Speaker Reed, but also with other commodities of a material and
substantial character. There can be no doubt but that California will be greatly
benefited by the acquisition of the Hawaiian Islands and the Philippines. We "are
no longer at the junplng-off place, but nearer the center of gravity, and our trade
must be greatly augmented." To the query whether those people were
capable of self-government, he suggested that was something to be determined
In the light of future events, and added that with such an object lesson before
them as the present contest for United States Senator in this State there could
be no doubt as to the ultimate result; besides. it would be a fine place to send
some of our surplus politicians.' Mr. rillsbury admitted that the sentiment in New
England was somewhat divided on the question of expansion, but Insisted that
the West and South favored It quite unanimously, that the great body of the
Republican party was in accord with the Administration, and the whole subject
would be worked out harmoniously, and successfully.
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 1, 1899.
HAMMON A PROFESSOR
Head of the Local Weather Bureau Is
Promoted, .
WH. HAMMON, the man who deals out weather to the people of <$,-
California' from the .roof of the Mills building, was yesterday pre- £
sented with a New. Tear's gift by Secretary of Agriculture Wilson '<$.'
•In the shape of a well merited promotion. • Henceforth the head of *£
the weather bureau in this city . will be known as Professor Ham- .*,
men. Mr. Hammon sheds the title of "forecaster" with the passing of the *5
old year and. assumes the' more imposing title of. "professor" with the be- g>
ginning of the new. * The announcement of the change was received at tha V
local weather bureau yesterday afternoon in a telegram from Willis * .L. A
Moore, chief of the United States Weather Bureau at Washington, as fol- a
lows: 7*7. "' »
."7?-" WASHINGTON". D. C. Dec. 31.— " W. H. Hammon. "Weather Burean, San Fran- A
Cisco, Cat.: Tour good work. ba3 made it- a pleasure to recommend your promotion to X
■ professorship. Secretary to-day • approved your commission. 6
WILLIS L. MOORS. $
Professor Hammon is at present, at the recently established signal station X
on -Mount Tamaipais, conducting a series of Important .investigations of air 0
currents and barometric conditions, and received the news of- his promotion '$
"*■ by ' telephone.. '■ His promotion elevates the San Francisco station *o the first -V
'rank,- to. which if. is justly entitled, as It has long been regarded as one of A
■■ the most important -stations .in .the country, 7.7 %
Professor Hammon. -has? been connected with the' weather bureau for v
.about fifteen years and ..came to tlils city from St. Louis four* years ago. **.
His. territory ..Includes the whole* of California,' Nevada, -Utah, and Arizona -Of
He is an able official and 7the conferring of the title of professor- shows that ***
his ability is recognized' by* his -superiors. *-9
• •:-:-•; ••:••:•••:-•-: •-: ••: •-: •■:••:•: ■■: ■■«: --c--Otv->rC" •:-•<•-•:>• o I ■
SWEET SINGER
FOR his bride
Engagement? Announced of
David Minor and. Miss
Helen. VVilsonv .■ ' .
The engagement is -announced of Miss
Helen Barton Wilson and -David-. Ketfar
Minor; Both' young people are very"- well
known In this .city, and the -engagement
will come. as a pleasing surprise to their
many friends- .' ...••"' '.
: - Miss . Wilson is -daughter .-of ' Mr. and
Mrs 'David B. . Wilson, Mr. . Wilson being
'very prominently known in insurance cir
cles. " He is' the general adjuster' for the
Rova'l and -.the .Queen Insurance compa
nies., with offices In this city. The young
lady is a* vivacious brunette of -charming
face and figure. She .fa a thorough mu
sician of rare ability, the possessor of an
excellent contralto voice," and for a num
ber", of years was the contralto . in the
choir of St. Luke's Episcopal Church.
Mr. Minor, the groom to be, is also well
known in San .Francisco and vicinity. He
is a son o.f Isaac Minor of Humboldt
County, one' of the most extensive lumber
merchants and' owners of sawmills on the
Pacific Coast, and who is also largely in
terested ln several vessels plying between
local -and -foreign ports.
-No definite date has been set for the
wedding, but it will occur some time dur
ing next February at the home of. the
bride's parents in this city. After a short
honeymoon the young couple will take up
their residence in Humboldt County,
where Mr. Minor is < -.eased In business.
Pure Foods Bill.
The fighting force of the pure foods
agitators will be In Sacramento within a
day .or two to educate those of the legis
lators not already ' informed as* to the
vantages to- the State of- preserving
California's good- name... Oscar Lewis of
the -Manufacturers' and Producers' Asso
ciation will "leave to-day for Sacramento
to look after* the* Interests Of: the bill re
cently prepared by Attorney Dunne cre
ating a pure foods bureau, and providing
for more stringent laws on -this subject-
The association upon the' request of all
the big commercial and industrial bodies
o.f the .State, has prepared printed copies
of the proposed bill for • distribution
among the legislators. • ■ .••
SITE LOSES FIRST • FQINT*
The- Mine Owner Must Pay .'the" In
?• • dian Woman Alimony.
John R. Hite,- the wealthy owner of the
Hite' mine in Mariposa County, has- re
ceived his first setback in the divorce case
in which the. Indian . woman, Lucy Hite,
figures as the plaintiff. The Supreme
Court has affirmed, the order of the lower
court allowing alimony and counsel fees
to the woman.
This is destined to be one -of the famous
divorce cases" of the. State. As the story
goes, Hite was a poor prospector and had
but little luck. in his -line of occupation
until he met the Indian woman. It is said
that on account of some kindness -.shown*
by the man .to the Indian .woman* she
led him to the gold ledge that "has since
turned out to be ope of the richest min
ing properties in the southern part of the
State. He and the woman lived together
for years, -and she was known as Mrs.
Hite. To them a son was born and the
family prospered.
A year or so ago the old- miner, tired of
his Indian companion, and -having plenty
or money decided to take unto himself as
a wife a maiden of his own color. He
was fortunate in getting the consent of
a young woman in Oakland, one who had
been well reared and cared for. This
brought the Indian woman, Lucy, to the
front with a divorce suit and a demand
for her share of the community- property.
Being In need of money with which to
carry on the proceedings, she asked the
court to grant her alimony and counsel
fees. To this Hite objected, taking tne
position 'that the plaintiff was not his
wife, but the* court granted the woman's
request.
From this Hite appealed to the Supreme
Court. The latter tribunal rendered a de
cision upholding the order of the lower
court. It said that if the Indian woman
Is not Kite's wife she is not entitled to
the consideration prayed for, but if she Is
she should have the means of main
taining herself and pursuing her action.
The higher court declined to go Into the
merits of the relations between the
parties in interest, and the ruling was
made upon the ground that In making
the original order for alimony and fees
the lower court must have had some evi
dence that the Indian woman has a right
to sue as the wife of Hite.
TWO BALLOONISTS.
The Coast Champion and an Amateur
at the Mission Zoo To-day.
The principal attraction on to-day's bill !
at Glen Park, the Mission Zoo, will be a
double balloon ascension by Charles Con
lon, the champion aeronaut of the coast,
and a Mission lad who is anxious to be
come an aeronaut.
The young man in question has not yet ;
made a balloon ascension, but as he Is a ;
clever trapeze performer and a daring:
boy his performance to-day will probably
be very interesting. The two balloons i
i will leave the ground at the same mo- i
ment, side by side, and Conlon will en
; deavor to keep within speaking distance ,
I of his companion, that he may instruct !
I him how to manage his balloon and when i
' to cut loose to descend to earth by means
of his parachute.
A big bill has been prepared for the !
free amphitheater. Al Hazard, the cele
brated ventriloquist; M. Fletcher and
■laughter Edith, the comedians; feats of
hand balancing by Arnaldo and the Saw
yer sisters, song and dance artists, will
be the principal attract; -
" A week from to-day will be amateur !
day at Glen Park. The regular profes
; sional vaudeville talent, however, will be
run in connection with the amateurs In |
j the free vaudeville amphitheater. One
I day in each month hereafter will be set '•
aside for amateurs at Glen Park.
» ♦ »
Commandery Reception.
California Commandery No. 1, K. T.an
nounces a grand reception to the ladies-- of
its members at Golden Gate Hall,
Wednesday evening, February L The fol
lowing constitutes the committee of ar
rangements: George M. Perine (chair
man), Carroll Cook, Henry B. Ream. W.
H. Snedeker, Charles W. Taber, W. R.
Jost. The programme will consist of a
literary and musical entertainment, a
banquet and a dance. Elaborate prepara
tions are being made to make the recep
tion one of unprecedented brilliancy.
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Bosh and Larkin sta. Swimming. Russian, hot
and cold tub Laths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
BOSSES MAY
NOT HAVE
ALL THE SAY
Patronage Wanted by
the Supervisors.
APPOINTMENTS DECIDED UPON:
DISTRICT ATTORNEY MURPHY'S
ASSISTANTS.
Drs. Dodge and Hill Reward Those
> Who Assisted in Their 7 •
Election Last No- ..
vember.
The din of horn and -hoot of whistles
which speed the departure of : ISPS and
herald the incoming of a- new year do not
drown the lament of many- disappointed
politicians and job chasers who expected
to be rewarded for services more* or less
valuable to successful candidates at the
last municipal election. Hundreds there
were who sought and expected lucrative
positions under the new city administra
tion, but the hopes of only a few are
sure of realization and the disappointed
thousands are 10u... In their complaints
that they have been deceived by 'those
who control the .patronage about to be
distributed.
Immediately after the result of the elec
tion was known the party bosses an
nounced that the winning candidates
would give positions to those who earned
reward by fealty and faithful service to
the party, but since the pulls have been
brought into play and Democrats are to
be given fat jobs* in Republican offices,
and, consequently, there is much bitter
ness in the hearts of those stalwart. party
men who have been turned down by the
dictators of appointments.
For the past week the bosses have been
holding daily conferences on the subject
'' of appointments to positions In the City
j Hall, and the fate of the multitude of ap
i plicants will not be definitely known until
j to-night, when the list will be completed.
There is some danger, however, that the
! selections of the bosses will not go
! through Members of the new Board of
j Supervisors have a few. friends and rela
! tives they wish to place in fat positions,
' and as a result of this desire considerable
! friction between the bosses and the Su
i pervisors has • been generated. * Nearly
I every member of the new board has some
impecunious relative or deserving friend
who needs maintenance. The Supervisar
. elect thinks the best manner to provide
; for these cases is •to secure a"; position
i under the city government. But .the
j bosses say they are the best ■ judges' of
j the qualifications* of office-holders and. de
mand that, their, selections be -indorsed:
i Consequently the ratification of many ap
; pointments is still a 'matter, of specula
; tion. . .
To-day the list of -appointments', sup-.
posed to be the choice of the .Republican
: County Committee, is to be completed and
I handed to the new Board of Supervisors
I at their first meeting for ratification; but
, the slate is likely to be- broken before the
* week is cut. So far as the bosses have
' Indicated their pleasure the following se-.
! lections have beep made: ' .
For Prosecuting Attorneys of the Police
'Court, • Jake Samuels and Police Judge
| Joachlmsen, with the other two appoint--
I ments to .be decided ' to-day."-- About
i 300 applications for these positions have*
: been received by. the Republican County
Committee " and great- -difficulty has been"
: encountered in making selections, *• "," ;;
Meyer Jacobs is' to be . the attorney for
' the new Board of Education and A. Ruef
, of the Republican County Campaign Com
; mittee is to be the legal adviser of Public
Administrator Drink-house. T. D. Riordan
and Jack Chretien endeavored to secure
the appointment of attorney for -Sheriff-
Martin, but the latter simply jumped the
: traces, .defied the party' organization and
made his own appointments.
Recorder Berthier gave way to the. cam
paign committee, and with the exception
of a" few personal appointments allowed
the organization to fill : the positions in
i his office. The list of copyists will -not be
■ completed until to-night. ...•;
District Attorney D. J. Murphy Will
; clean out his office, lock, stock and bar
-1 rel, and will begin the year with an en
• tlrely new force. His assistants are: A.
' P. Black, first assistant; John-T. Graney.
(Democrat), second -assistant, and Ed
- ward S. Salomon third assistant.- Clerks.
\ J B. Tungate, chief; W. H. Murphy (son
'■ of the District Attorney), J. R. Daniels,
'■ and W. P. Mcc," stenographer. District
' Attorney Murphy will, he says, take sole
' charge of his office. One of the first im
portant cases he will have to handle Is
i the Botkin case when the argument for a
new trial comes up. Mr. Hosmer, who
prosecuted the case against .the convicted
: woman, will be invited* to assist in the
It "is given out authoritatively that P.
i H Pendegast. Barney Dougherty and At
torney Winrow are to be clerks of three
i Police Courts, the fourth position being
! still undecided.
To-night, before the departure of the
' bosses for Sacramento, where they will
take a hand in the Senatorial fight, the
' list of City Hall office-holders will be com-
I pleted. Tax Collector Sheehan, Treasurer
Truman and Superintendent of Streets
Fragley have become somewhat recalci
trant and refuse to listen to the dicta
: tion of the County Committee, declaring
: they would make their own appointments.
As a result of this mutiny the slate is
; still incomplete. -.- >*■-■'-•
Tax Collector Sheehan has refused to
} listen to the party managers in regard to
appointments and it Is not known what
I he Intends to do.
Auditor Wells, who also has a number
I of appointments, has failed to signify his
intention to appoint the committee's se
j lections.
Whatever the troubles of the Republi
! can officers-elect may be, they are nothing
compared with those of Dr. Washington
I Dodge, who succeeds Assessor Siebe.
The doctor has succeeded in deciding
■ on only a dozen appointments and these
are selections of the Democratic, commit
, tee and the new Assessor does not know
their first names. A few of those who
: will, draw salaries ln the Assessor's of
-1 fice 'af ter the first of the year are:
A. B. Henderson, George Tyrol, — Cur
■ tis, — Riley, John Burnett, F. Connolly,
— Lally, — Hlnes, John Ferris. — .Clark,
— Mleseyer, Charles Glldea. Edward God
. chaux (present secretary of the Board of
; Health), and one or two others who have
: been selected, but their names have not
' been submitted to the new Assessor.
Franklin K. Lane, the incoming City
: and County Attorney, will appoint his
: brother George chief deputy and -retain :
W. I. Brobck in his office. He Mil have j
three other assistants, but his selections
'. are not as yet announced.
Dr. E. E. Hill, late acting quarantine
officer, who assumes the duties of Coroner
to-morrow, has appointed the following
deputies: Dr. John L. Zabaia, autopsy
surgeon: John D. Hyland. stenographer;
Pete MacCormick. chief deputy; John
Gatelv, second deputy: J. D. Sullivan,
, third "deputy; George La Combe, fourth
deputy; John J. Flannigan, messenger; L.
: Crackbon, chemist, and Mrs. Jane D.
i Smith, matron. *:;*:
The whaling bark Gayhead sailed on
' another cruise yesterday. A large party
! of Captain Foley's friends went out on
j the tug Monarch to see him off.
Tamales for Gothamites.
One of the new fads by which 'the New
Yorkers may keep their palates from be
ing frozen has been introduced ijitd Goth
am City by a San Francisco Native Son,
who has gone Into the tamale business in
connection with a first class saloon.- This
enterprising product of the Golden State
Is George Radston, who inherited 'a big
fortune from his father, who died a few
years ago. Young Radston, with a Cali
fornian eye to business, opened a saloon
on Duane street and fitted it up in first
class style, making arrangements by :
which ha can produce the genuine San i
Francisco tamale, hot as hot can be. The |
novelty has So caught the frosty palate j
of the New Yorkers that Radston has or- I
dered a carload of the prepared tamales j
g.ut -up in cases. Previous to this order
n.e has disposed of- over five hundred cans i
to the people of the elite city, who flock I
to his place to get their mouths thawed !
out by th.c production of which the late
Charley Reed made a hit when on the
stage m this city in his celebrated song ;
of the "Tamale." With the- 'tamales a
consignment of "Chill Con Came" also '<
was sent from- this city to the same en- \
terprising, native son. By the introduc- j
tion of these "warm commodities" there ,
need be no fear of anymore frost-bttten
case's in Gotham. • .
VISITING i NEWSPAPER MEN.
Two Bright Representatives of the
Kansas: City Star in Town.
- Among recent arrivals from the East ,
are A; F. Seested, business manager, and
W." T. Davis. Chicago representative of
the Kansas. City Star. Mr. Seested is
accompanied by his family, and both
gentlemen are stopping, at the Palace
Hotel. • . "■ ;
BotH gentlemen report a very pleasant
journey from, the lands of chill winds'
and snowdrifts to the lofty mountains and
sunny valleys of California. They note
many improvements in this city t and look
> forward to a" pleasant and profitable* so--,
i journ here. .
OFFICERS WILL HAVE ,
TO PAY FGR NEGLECT
LOST NATIONAL GUARD PROP
. ERTY MUST BE RLPLACED.
Division Commander Has a Bill for
: Reorganization Tilden
Now in Command of
..- the First.
Major General John H. Dickinson, divis
ion commander,, has for some time past
been engaged in preparing a bill looking
to the reorganization of the National
Guard of the State. It will be a voluminous
one and will introduce a great number of
changes, some of them quite radical, but
what these are the major general declined
to announce. The bill will be presented
early in the session.
The matter of appointing a new adju
tant general . under the new administra
tion Is one that Will not be acted upon in
a hurry. It is asserted that the new Gov
ernor, as commander in chief, will allow
Brigadier General R. L. Peeler, recently
promoted and detailed as adjutant gen
eral, vice General Barrett, who resigned
to assume the duties of Bank Commis
sioner, to remain in the office until May
or April. By that time it will have been
determined upon what lines the guard
shall be conducted for the future.
•Permission has been granted to the Sig
nal Corps of the Third Brigade to pro
ceed to Sacramento to take part in the
inaugural ceremonies on the 4th Lust.
The Signal Corps of the Second Brigade
and the two divisions of the naval mili
tia, stationed at San Francisco will also
go to the capital to add to the Splendor
.of the display: . -.-."77:7
'. Captain Charles Dasher, Company A,
Sixth Infantry, has tendered his resigna
tion.' '*
• The "Sixth Infantry California Volun
teers, having been mustered 'out of the
ierviqe. on. the 15th of December, and the
'Seventh Infantry California Volunteers,
; having been mustered ' out December 2,
the commanding officers thereof and the
*. company commanders of the -National
Gua.rd companies thereof have, been or
dered' .to take charge • of : their armories
and report for duty from the dates of
■their muster out" of the United States
volunteer service.-. Those officers and en
listed men of the National Guard, Includ
ing Company E, Second -Infantry, who
did ".not enter the service'- of the United
States, will be." permitted to serve out
their present '.time in the guard, unless
-.heir relations therewith are sooner.sev
ered either by resignations or discharges.
Those members. of the. volunteer forces
'who did not belong, to the guard at the
•outbreak of the Spanish American war can
'•become members of* the 'guard- only by
taking the ..regular oath of enlistment,
• arid in recruiting companies the com
manding officers are requested to -give the
- preference,' When desired; to those volun
. t'eers who entered the United States ser
vice. - • '"■: -:-.;
'* This extract ' from the general orders
for the first time since the breaking out
of the war defines the position of the men
.who volunteered to serve for two years
or the war. . ..-'.'•
••'Major Tilden. major of the First Infan
try, who entered the volunteer service as
'a major of the -First California Volun
teers,'went to Manila 'and was sent home
on account of sickness contracted at the
Philippines. He received an honorable
discharge at the time that his resignation
was accepted at Washington, a few days
since. As Major Tilden was never 'dis
charged from the service of the State, he
still holds his commission as major, and
being the only field officer of ; the first
regiment in the State he is by virtue of
his position in command of the First.
The last orders signed by A. W. Bar
rett as adjutant general' were No. 6, is
sued December 23, 1888. These contain
a great deal of matter that refers to ac
tion taken ln companies as far back as
July, such as elections, resignations and
deaths. They also contain the reports of
the boards of survey that were convened
by general orders No. 2, and note the ap
proval of parts of the reports as to State
property to be dropped, property no
longer to be carried on returns, .by reason
of having been destroyed by fire, and the
recommendation that certain United
States property lost in service be carried
on the property returns until action
thereon is taken by the Secretary of War.
This includes four rifles, four canteens
and straps, two haversacks, one gun sling,
and one meat can. There is also a recom
mendation that certain United States
property be boxed, held until further or
ders and carried on the property returns.
This Includes twenty-four Springfield
rifles, one saber ' and scabbard and one
canteen.
The recommendations that the com
manding officers of the following organ
izations reimburse the State for loss of
the following described property, the
same having been caused by their neg
lect," are approved, and the commanding
officers designated are ordered to at once
pay to the State the price of the articles
mentioned or replace the same in kind.
The following Is the detail of such lost
property:
Company L, -Seventh Infantry— Two .meat
cans.
Troop D r Cavalry— One halter, one Colt's re
volver. SS-caliter. one meat can, four pairs
leggings, seven tin cups.
. Company F, Second infantry— Springfield
rifle, "model '34, 390,490, to be paid for by Cap
tain Prlndle.
Company H. Fifth Infantry— One haversack
and strap.
Company G. Sixth Infantry— Two meat cans.
Headquarters Seventh Infantry— One Colt's
revolver, 3S-caliber. Xo. 62&.
Company A. Seventh Infantry— Three Spring
field rifles, model '73; three gun slings.
Company D, Seventh Infantry— One Spring
field rifle, model '»*; six bay-met?, two cartridge
boxes, three cartridge belts and plates; one
Colt's revolver. 38-callber: one haversack and
strap, one canteen, two meat cans. (To be paid
for by Captain Winters or bondsmen.)
Company E. Seventh Infantry— Nine bayonet
scabbard.?, five cartridge belts, plates and
boxes, two canteens and straps.
.-.any K. Seventh Infantry — Six cartridge
belts and plates, five meat cans.
' Company L, Seventh Infantry— One bayonet
scabbard, one cartridge belt and plate, one
haversack and strap, two meat cans.
Company M. Seventh Infantry— bayonet
scabbard, two waist belts.
Order No. S. issued recently from the
headquarters of the naval militia, dis
charges twenty-seven men from the first
division,, twenty-six from the second- di
vision, twenty-five from the third divi
sion, three from, the fifth and seventeen
from the sixth, in all ninety-eight, and
these -were for pood of the service .fif
teen, removal fifty-five, term expired
seven and for non-attendance seven. This
Includes the discharges from August 31
to December 9.
Lieutenant Thomas M. Shaw, navigat
ing officer, having reported for duty, has
been ordered to relieve Lieutenant L. A.
Chandler and resume command of the
Pinta at San Diego. Lieutenant Chand
ler,' In addition to the command of the
third division, has been assigned to duty
as executive officer of the Pinta. Lieu
tenant (junior grade) A. Morgan, having
reported for duty, has been appointed
navigating 'officer of the Pinta.
The attention of all members of the na
val militia Is called to the law relating
to the resumption of drills In the month
of January.
As yet "no report has been received from
Lieutenant Gunn, who was sent East to
attend the convention of militia officers,
although the convention adjourned some
time ago. ■ . ."•'.... ...
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HEALTHS
POPE; LEO XIIL
Almost at the Century Mark
and Still Alert and Active.
CONFERRING'- THE : GOLD MEDAL,
| Sovereign Pontiff's Gracious Recognition for
. ■ . Benefits Obtained.
(After Portrait by Chartraa.)
This paper reproduces herewith one
of the recent portraits of His Holiness
I Pope Leo XIIL In the long list of
! Popes who have reigned since the
I foundation of the Christian Church
i probably none has been more concerned
| over the welfare of mankind than Leo
XIIL His motto has ever been to do
good to all alike. Though this worthy
man is well advanced in age, yet he is
possessed of most marvellous vigor and
' strength, as well as clearness of mind.
When during recent years he was at-
' tacked by illness it was astonishing
i how rapidly he regained his health and
': strength. The message contained in
i the following letter from His Eminence
; Cardinal Rampolla will be somewhat
j of a surprise to many, as it is so ex-
' tremely rare that praise and honor are
bestowed in such gracious manner
from one so highly placed:
$ "Rome, Jan. 2. 1593.
ji "It has pleased
{~^ His Holiness to
fi\\ J^CC'/H instruct me to
ts^J.Si{|>S' transmit in hia
/^Sik^^iJcX august name hia
V^f^S^^lSy thanks to Mon-
-*^Un. Blear Mariani, and
ViJ'bk JJW. (*JI a special manner
*\^SA^'^J^^3 his testify again
R(P JI a special manner
vb*2r>j his gratitude. Hia"
Ij JT Holiness has event
fj r\ deigned to offer
** **• Monsieur Mariani
a Gold Medal bearing his venerable
, Image. yJyi
"CARDINAL RAMPOLLA." i
! ! Gold Medal Presented by Efl- Holiness Pope L*«
• XIII to Monsieur Angelo Mariani of Paris.
i Who has not read the many unsolic-
j ited testimonials received by Monsieur
■ Mariani from noted personages? Em-
i ' perors,. Princes, physicians and prelates
"' have sounded the keynote of praise in.
'. gratitude for benefits obtained. It has
, been a chorus of thanksgiving and ap-
i | preciation, and now, as a crowning tes-
i i timonial, comes the message of grati-
■ j tude from His Holiness the Pope, who,
1 ; having used "Yin Mariani," found it
| sustaining and health giving. Not sat-
i ; fsfled with merely expressing thanks to
! Monsieur Mariani. as will be seen from
■ the above letter. His Holiness has been
■ t pleased to graciously confer a most
• I beautiful Gold Medal upon the scien-
; ; tific producer of the health-giving Via
' i Mariani. yy .:'.■ "
1 1 What a charm there is in the name
7 Yin Mariani! For three decades it has
■ ; brought health and happiness to cot-
' , tager and king. Her Majesty the Em-
' : press of Russia takes it regularly as a
' | tonic, and the London Court Journal is
1 ; authority for the statement that the
J ' Princess of Wales uses it with best re-
i ; suits.
AXGELO MARIAXI. PARIS, FRANCE.
Scientist, Chemist, Benefactor.
Health is certainly the desire of all
\ creation. To the thousands who have
1 lost It or- never knew its delights a
tonic that will rejuvenate the spirit and
; invigorate the body is Indeed a boon of
incalculable value.
When the grip (influenza) was epi-
demic In Europe, as also in this coun-
try, the medical profession relied upon.
the tonic properties of "YIN MARI-
ANL" It was % given as a preventive
and also in convalescence to build up
the system, and to avoid the many dis-
agreeable after effects so common with
this dreaded disease.
"Yin Mariani" brings cheerfulness to
the morbid and depressed; ft strength-
ens the weary; calms *he nerves when
overwrought by undue excitement — in
, fact, It makes life worth the living, and
'is aptly termed by the illustrious
writers, Victorien Sardou, Alexandre
Dumas and Jules Verne, "The True
Promoter of Health." "Elixir of Life,"
"A Veritable Fountain of Youth."
Those readers who are not familiar
; with the workings and the worth of
Yin Mariani should write to Mariani
: & Co., 52 West 15th street. New York,
: i and they will receive, free of all charge,
i a beautiful little album containing por,
; traits of Emperors, Empress, Prince^
; Cardinals. Archbishops and other (Hafa
; tinguished personages who use ani
I recommend this marvelous wine, to*
| gether with explicit and Interesting de- .
; tails on the Subject. This little album
j is well worth writing for. as it is dis-
| tributed gratuitously and will be appre-
i ciated by all who receive it.
910
RIOTING IN THE
PROVINCES IS NOW
ON THE INCREASE
pilipiQO Mqlcqotents Have Entered
Seven? Towns, Overcoming
Native Authorities.
AguiQaldo Gives Orders Not to Turn Over Iloilo
to the Aroericarjs, but He May
:■■■ Be Ignored.
* MANILA? Dec. 31. — Riots in the provinces are becom- °
j ing serious and are increasing. : The malcontents have already Q
> entered several, towns,. killing or taking prisoners the loyal' 0
> native authorities: '77: ■■■:".. ; . .7 . * 0
■»' The 'town of, Panique has been attacked and taken by ?
> 700 malcontents, who disarmed Aguinaldo's troops. 7 . ' . q
> , It is said the. dissatisfied Filipinos now number 8000 and . 0
* are increasing. The cause of the riots is the antipathy of In- - ■**?
, dians to half castes who fill all the appointments, abusing 0
» their position by imposing excessive taxation. The .working O
' classes complain that they have paid more taxes in six months °
( to Aguinaldo's Government than in forty years to the Span- q
> ish Government, and they fear they will be made slave's 'by o
[ the half-castes. ".* c
I c
Iloilo was occupied quietlvby natives. Their general hand
ed the keys of the custom-house to an Englishman named Flem
ing in the absence of Americans, appointing him inspector. The
American expedition arrived later.
Aguinaldo sent urgent orders to Iloilo not to hand over the
town to the Americans/but the natives there are more reason
able and friendly to the Americans.
The cable lines to Iloilo are still interrupted.
The St.* Paul arrived here with 7000 Christmas boxes,
which were all delivered to various regiments on Christmas and
gave immense pleasure. Drinking shops were deserted and all
enjoyed Christmas in some fashion. ■ Complete order prevailed.
Church services were held by all chaplains. At a special service*
by Father McKinnon in Ignatius Church there was a very large'
attendance. lie preached an eloquent sermon.
Dinner^ were given by the different regiments. At a grand
dinner given by the Wyoming regiment 500 guests were, present.*-'
.Walter Brown was a guest of honor. The generals' in command
here were occupied with graver matters.
NO NEWS OF RIOTS
RECEIVED FROM DEWEY
NEW YORK, Dec. 31.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: No official
word has been received from Admiral
Dewey confirmatory, of the reports that
riots have occurred on Guam [aland,
and that Spaniards are again in con
trol. It is expected that news will soon
be received concerning the situation, as
the collier. Brutus sailed from Manila
to Guam December 19, and should have
arrived before Christmas.- She will re
main until the? arrival. of the Benning
ton, which will start for Guam probably
the last of next Week*,*. stopping on the
way to hoist the American flag over
Wake Island. ■'• The auxiliary cruiser
JTosemite, which will, be the station ship
for Guam, will- be pushed and is . ex
pected to start; for the east about the
middle of January. She will carry
about WO men for Dewey's "command;
Captain Louis Kempff, formerly com
mander of the Monterey, who has been
selected as the naval*, -commander of
Guam Island, will be under the control
of the navy and- will net be subordinate
to Major General Otis. With- a view to
the establishment of <»rder : in Guam, as
in other new possessions of this Govern
ment. steps have been taken -by -the
Navy Department to' expedite, the con
struction of the naval station there.
Secretary. Long appointed a board s--\ -
eral days ago to insider the needs. of
the proposed naval station. Contracts
were made to-day in New' York for ma
terials for coal sheds,' which will ac
commodate 10,000 tons of coal: a pier,
storehouse, Quarters for officers and
barracks for marines. " These buildings
and pier will be built in sections, so
they can be readily set up. The*coal
ing ■ station will be on the shore of
the Bay of San Luis de Api a
NEWS FROM ILOILO
IS EXPECTED TODAY
WASHINGTON, Dec. 31. — General
Corbin said this afternoon that he had
no expectation of hearing anything
from General Otis respecting the situ
ation at Iloilo before to-morrow at the
earliest. He based that judgment mi
the last cable message received from
General < Is.
WELFARE OF FILIPINOS
DEPENDS ON CONDUCT
WASHINGTON, Dec. 31.-rUpon full
consideration the authorities. here have;
decided to adhere to their original In
tention to withhold from publication
the proclamation to be addressed to the
Filipinos by General' Otis, the 'military
commander of the islands., until [the
document has been given publicity at
Manila. The proclamation goes '. in
great detail Into the conditions in' - the
islands, and outlines as fair as -possible
ut this time the intention's; of the ad
ministration at Washington .toward' the
teople of the archipelago, the /keynote
eing the strong intimation: Conveyed
that the whole, future/ happiness and
Welfare of the, islanders depends upon
9 their conduct- now:..' The proclamation
was prepared with i great '-are arid, gone
over in Cabinet and then -.mailed-. -to'
General Otis. That was about a week
ago. Events of recent occurrence, how
ever,, made. Secretary .Alger, believe the
situation in thfc Philippines might be
relieved of strain in a considerable de
gree by a speedy announcement of the
purposes of the Government of the
United States/and therefore* the entire
proclamation was cabled to 'General
Otis. .-**«u><7t y?::<y;.i: ■ " I
HOPE ISLANDS WILL BE
OPEN TO ALL COMMERCE
- BERLIN, Dec, 31.— Hamburg
Chamber of Commerce, in its annual
report, expresses the hope that Cuba,
Porto Rico and the Philippine Islands
will be opened to the 'commerce -of the
world on equal terms, like the German
and British colonies. "7r :
In .view, of the reports from Porto
Rico, to the effect, that a number of
■plantations have been destroyed since
the Spaniards retired, the Chamber re
quests.-the Imperial Government to ask'
the Government at Washington to take
steps,.to afford efficient protection to.-
. German property, which is considera
ble there.. '■ ' * • ..'']■•'
AGENT AGONCILLO / '-' j
. ,-• WRITES TO M'KINLEY |
;. WASHINGTON. *.- Dec. 7 31.. './' Senor
. ' Agoncilio, the Philippine agent in this
, country, sent a letter to The President-.
.to-day and the' inference was generally j
- drawn, that he-had made a request- for
an: interview. ip regard to the* attitude
of the United.' States- toward the Fill-' ■
: pinos.'- When* seen t-o-jiiglit he denied."
- that he had asked fora meeting with
•the- President, but he declined? to state
the purport of, his messaged -He stated
further that he had not so far received*
a reply to the letter. -SeTior Agoncilio *
said also that he would probably re- '
.main in Washington for- some time.
[MOST PROSPERO-'v •-' :
\WSM YEAR IS PREDICTED!
Mercantile Men of the -'Country Say.
• ••' That Business Will Be Ex
cellent in', 1899. ■
, NEW YORK," Dec. Presidents and '
leading members of tlie Boards of' Trade,"
Merchants 1 Exchanges and other "mercan-;
tile associations of the country., are esp'e-'
dally well qualified to judge of the 1 na
tional' trade outlook for the new year.''
Herald correspondents in the larger cities
have asked these leading business men
what they think of the present condition
of trade, and commerce and their opinion
of the prospects of 1899. The answers of |-
: these m.-ii show a unanimous belief that]
"the year will -be one of the most prosper- J
ous the United States has ever seen. - 1
_:_»
HARMON MADE RECEIVER.
„yyry- _-;_•
Placed in Charge of the Baltimore
and Ohio Southwestern. 7
CINCINNATI, Dec. 31.— The Circuit
Court of the United States at Cincinnati
to-day, oh the application pf the Mercan
tile Trust Coinpgny of New York, ap
pointed Hon. Judson .Harmon of Cincin
nati, .former. Attorney. General of the
United States, "receiver of the Baltimore
and Ohio Southwestern Railway Com
pany. Judge Harmon has . been general
counsel for the company for years. It is
expected that the receivership will be of
Short duration, as the 'plan which was
: promulgated for the reorganisation ofthe
property will be speedily consummated.
TWO "". MISSING BOATS FOUND.
Four • Persons From the 'Wrecked
Glenavon Being* Searched For. "
HONGKONG, Dec".' 31.— Two missing
boats "of the, wrecked British steamer
Glenavon Have been found. The only -per-':
sons now unaccounted for are Chief- Mate'
Nixon. Second*. Steward Wilson and two
.Chinese. • ' Quartermaster Smith died of
exhaustion after .swimming to Lin Ting
Island. .-The- search-. for the missing con
tinues.'
■„ .Harvard Wins at Chess.
NEW YORK. Dec,' 3k— Harvard-won the !
; championship in -the -intercollegiate chess ;
I tournament which has been 'in progress,
i in this city • during the past 'six days.
Columbia took second prize. -In the' games
.to-day Talk defeated Weston, Arensburg
; and' Webb, drew, Southard defeated Cook'
land Meyer defeated Ely. Final score:
I " .• Won. Lost. :
Harvard .... : 10 _ -l
•Columbia ......',.:..;....... 8' ; . ' 31/,
j- * Princeton . .' » 3 9*"
•. Yale 2"'-.- " <*'■. ■ !
' Southard of Harvard won all his. games.
♦
Passenger Train Wrecked.' "
; DALLAS, Tex., Dec. 31.— A special to
the News from Sherman, Tex., says:
North-boupd Houston and Texas Cen
tral passenger train No. 1 was wrecked
two miles north of. McKinney and thir
ty- miles south of this city to-night
about 9:50. .'Four/people are reported to
be more or : less painfully injured.'.
Presbyterian Church Burned.
;. PITTSBURG! Dee.,.3l.— The Third Uni
ted Presbyterian Church on Diamond
street opposite the courthouse, was almost
■ destroyed" by Are to-night.- ! . Loss about
$60,000. ' The building was- on*, of the old
est churches In the city, having been
built in ISIS. yy^yy-ytyy-yi. ■■ ■•• - '•
THE .SAN : FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 1 , 1 599.
GROSS ELECTION
FRAUDS REVEALED
Votes Counted for the
Wrong; Man.
SONOMA COUNTY SENSATION
GALLANT RAINS CHEATED OUT
'• OF A VICTORY.
Recount Shows the Contesting* Can
didate for . Supervisor "Was .
Elected by a Good- Majority-
Oyer His Opponent.
. • Special Dispatch to' The Call. .
SANTA ROSA, De.c. 31.— .Sensational
developments* marked to-day's proceed
ings in the election contest of Gallant
Rains, -Democrat, against. David Walls,
the Republican nominee, for the seat on
the "Board* of Supervisors, which re
cently "was decided by the official can
vass to belong to Walls by a majority
of seventeen votes. In one precinct the
recount showed that twenty-five votes
cast for Rains were counted for Walls,
thus, giving him an advantage of fifty
over his opponent, and these returns
were after-Ward made out and certified
to by the election officers as being cor
rect. The news has created a big sen
sation.
The contest of Mr. Rains for the po
sition was filed a few days after the
official canvass of the votes by the
Board of Supervisors was completed,
but the matter did not come up for trial
until Thursday of this week. While
several mistakes were found from time
to time and while the usual number of
illegal and defaced ballots were discov
ered, it was not until to-day that the
trial was marked by any particularly
startling ' features.
It all happened while the attorneys
were engaged in counting ballots in
Wilson precinct, a suburb Of Petaluma,
and which. by the way. is Mr. Rains'
own voting place. The returns as can
. vassed by the Board of Supervisors
just after the election showed that.
Walls had carried the precinct by the
handsome ' majority of thirty-seven
votes. The recount to-day however,
showed that instead of the precinct
having -.given Walls a majority of
' thirty-seven votes it had given Rains,
the contestant, a majority of thirteen,
w:ith eighteen 'votes, .divided about
' equally, in- the hands of the court forb
advisenient. ■ .
The election officers having charge of
Wilson precinct on election night were:
Inspectors— W. W. Chapman,- R. ; D.
Gale; D. •'-""• ' * . .
"Judges-rrH: Dahlman, R. ; John R.
Doss, D. *..--. •
. Clerks -Theodore G. Khig, R.; W. Ma
• honey;- J >. ; '
• .Ballot' clerks— J. J. Mendonca, R.; W. D.
•H.OUX..D. '.' .'.■•■• .
The campaign made by both parties
for Gains and- Walls was very- bitter,
the former's enemies being particularly
active in* their efforts to defeat him.
Walls .himself is one of the best known
men In the county and Democrats as
well as Republicans, admit that if any
crooked work was .'done in his behalf
it was entirely without his knowledge.
' The change of fifty votes in this one
precinct gives the contested seat to
Rains' without doubt. Walls'., original
majority was only seventeen, .and the
vote as now recounted stands forty
seven in Rains' favor. The votes from
four precincts are' yet to be" recounted,
but these are all in Rains' favor with
■ one exception, and 'give him a majority
: over his opponent of fifty-one, which,
with those he had. -those he has just
gained-, and those in the. hands of the
. court, will -probably put him in by
about seventy-five votes. :
It is generally believed that the
Grand Jury will Investigate the case at
its next .'sitting, that body not yet
having adjourned.
I TWO INDICTMENTS .RETURNED. j
Orange. County Officials Under the
.7? Ban" of the Grand Jury..
"SANTA ANA, Dec. r.i.— The Grand Jury
submitted- its report this afternoon. Two
Indictments are found— one against Road
master H. G. -Rosenbaum of' Capistra.no,
•rind, the" other against E, S. Merritl of
i Anaheim.' both being charged with felony".
Rosenbaum' is charged with • having de
frauded' the county by falsi demands
j on the Board of Supervisors for labor
'performed In his district:' Merritt is
charged with criminal libel Ln the circulat
ing of scandalous, malicious a.nd defama
j tofY- libel in anonymous publications at
! tacking -the character of Otto Rust, a
'. citizen -of -Anaheim. The Grand Jury au
thorized the District Attorney to bring
i suit against County Treasurer R. T. Har
ris for '"s6ooo damages for dereliction of
j duty the" past year. •
■ RECEIVER APPLIED FOR.
Accusations Against Boston and
Montana Company Directors.
* BUTTE-, Mont.. Dec. 31.— Burdett O'Con
nor of New York, stockholder in the Bos
ton and Montana Company, applied to
Judge Clancy of the District Court to-day
for an order appointing a receiver for
: the company under the final hearing of
bis complaint against the. directors. He
also asks that the company, be dissolved
and all its property sold. Judge Clancy
made an order to show cause why the
petition should not be granted. The order
was made returnable next Thursday.
O'Connor -holds fifty shares of the capital
stock 'of the Montana corporation. He
•charges the- directors with conspiracy to
'end the existence of the .Montana com
pany and turn it's property over to the
New York- company. - -
j HURLED? DOWN A SHAFT.
Six Finnish Trammers Meet a Hor
rible* Death in a Mine. * V
j •DETROIT. Dec 3l.— A special rom" Ish
-1 peming, Mich., says": This- morning at 6
! o'clock, While nine Finnish trammers,
j whose -names are unknown, were coming
to -the surface in one of the shafts of
' the Lake Superior- Iron Company the cage
' met some obstruction in. -the shaft that
inclined -the floor of the lift so as to let
: six of the men slide off, and they fell 500
' feet to the bottom, being instantly killed.
I The' three who clung -to. the cage were
! slightly Injured. V.
. " Of Interest to the Coast.
WASHINGTON,' Dec. 31.— A postofflce
j was to-day established at Garvalia, Los
Angeles Count/, Cal, and M. B. Powell
j was appointed Postmaster; silso at Quail.
' Los Angeles County, and ' John G. Hayes
was appointed Postmaster
Private Harry F. Cameron, hospital
corps. Presidio of San Francisco, has been
discharged the service of the United
States. Private Abner C.Olcllrath, Com
i paiiy 1. Fourteenth United States Infan
! try, Manila. P. I.", will be discharged the
service of the United States by the com
; manding officer of his station. --.*,*
Death of a Mining Man.
SANTA CRUZ. Dec. 31.— C. A.Rice,
well known in this section, died at Nee
dles to-day. lie had mining interests in
Arizona. He was a native of Ohio, aged
45 years. , yy -'"*•.' -7
Colored Men to Celebrate.
WOODLAND. Dec. 31.— The Afro-Amer
ican League of Woodland will celebrate
the anniversary of the emancipation proc
lamation next-Monday. '"-,*•'.' " "
GENERAL EAGAN
ON THE WARPATH
General Miles Must Answer Whether or Not
• He Made Certain Statements Reflect
-.- ing on Army Beef.
0 ' .NEW YORK, Dec. 31.— The Washington correspondent of the Her- 0
0 aid telegraphs: Secretary Alger has been asked by Commissary Gen- 0
0 eral Eagan to call upon Major General Miles for a categorical answer 0
0 to the question whether or not he made the staements attributed to 0
0 him by a New York newspaper concerning the beef furnished to 0
0 the army. Should the commanding general in reply deny the au- 0
0 thenticity of ' the interview, Commissary General Eagan purposes to 0.
0 take action against the newspaper. His friends, speaking for him, 0
0 declare that the statements are libelous, and that should General 0
0 Miles retract them, the newspaper will be called Upon to defend it- 0
0 self for the publication of allegations involving the beef industry of 0
0 the country and the entire commissary department. ' 0
0 It is General Eagan's expectation that he will receive notice from 0
0 the War Commission the coming week that he will be heard in an- 0
0 swer to charges made against his department by Major General 0
0 Miles. General Eagan is anxious to know why General Miles has 0,
.0 only just begun to investigate .the beef furnished to his army. It 0
0 was intimated to me by a high official that the reports obtained by 0
0 General Miles were, in reply to a circular letter which he addressed 0
0 to regimental officers. 0
0 '"Suppose you were the commanding officer of the regiment," said 0
0 the official, "and you were to receive a letter from your superior 0.
0 asking you what you thought of your equipment. Though you had 0
0 not filed any complaint before, chances are that you would have got 0
0 many to make in response to Inquiry. During the investigation he '0
0 has- been directed to make Major Garlington of the inspector gener- 0
0 al's department will find men who did nut like the beef; some who 0
0 grew tired of it, while others liked it. But the commissary cannot 0
0 be expected to furnish men on the fighting line with a great variety 0.
0 of foods. ' 0
0 "The beef supplied to General Miles' army was as wholesome as 0
0 any eaten in the United States. There may have been a few cans 0
0 which were not properly soldered, and spoiled in consequence, but 0
0 in tons of such meats it can hardly be expected that there would not .O.
0 be a certain percentage of loss." 0.
0 General Miles is busily collecting reports from officers and men 0
0 substantiating the statements he made to the War Commission. The 0
0 general is satisfied from the evidence in his possession that he has 0
0 proceeded properly, and he has received many letters congratulating 0
0 him on the course he is taking. 0
0 0.
0 0 0 0 0 0 0 000 0 0 0 0 0 0 00000 00 0000 00000
CHIMING BELLS RING
IN THE NEW YEAR
At Midnight Ten Thousand People
Assembled Around Old Trinity
in New York.
' NEW "YORK, Jan. 1.— Although a great
storm of snow was raging .there were 10,
--000 people around old Trinity at midnight
to hear the chimes ring in the new year.
The 300 policemen had little to do in the
way of quelling disturbances, for it was
too' cold and blustery for anything of that
kind beyond the blowing of horns. Tho
chimes' of Trinity rang out a number of
airs, chiefly patriotic. "Yankee Doodle"
being one of those longest, drawn out.
LONDON. Jan. I.— The dreary, rainy
weather which prevailed dampened the
ardor of those persons who had assem
bled to hear the bell of St. Paul's ring
out the old and ring in the new year and
to observe Scotland's traditional hog
many under the shadow of London's ca
thedral.
In anticipation of the event the authori
ties had caused to be put up an iron rail
ing around the semi-circular pavement In
front of the steps, but the precaution was
unnecessary, for the gathering, though
numbering perhaps 2000 people, was the
smallest and most orderly in many years.
The majority of those who had assem
bled were evidently Scotchmen, as was
evidenced by the constant whistling
of the "Cock o' the North." When the
stroke of midnight boomed out* there was
a volley of cheers and then "Auld Lang
Syne" was sung, the crowd slowly disap
pearing as the gong died out.
uEORGE PERRIN GRAY DEAD.
Conducted a Ranch at Stockton in
the Early Days.
CHICAGO, Dec. 31.— George i Perrin
Gray, who from 1861 to 1865 lived in Cali
fornia, conducting a ranch at Stockton
and a flouring mill at Oakland, died at
Wheaton, a suburb of this city, to-day.
lie leaves a number of relatives, many of
whom live in California.. He was promi
nent in Republican politics in this State,
and was elected to the Legislature for
several terms.
Shipbuilding for Six Months.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 31.— total
steam and sailing vessels built and of
ficially numbered in the United States
during the six months ended to-day
amounted to 130,000 gross tons, com
pared with 4*5,000 tons for the same six
months in 1897, and 173,000 tons for the
same six months in ISS6. These
! figures do not include large barges.
They indicate a total construction for
the curernt fiscal year of upward of
""75,000 gross tons.
• -«
Where the Weather Is Cold.
IRON WOOD, Mich., Dec. 31.— The cold
est weather experienced here tbis winter
is general throughout the peninsula. Last
night the thermometer registered 35 be
low. At Washburn. Wis., the thermom
eter registered 35 degrees below. About
half the members/ of the Fire Department
were frost bitten while extinguishing a
small lire.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Dec. 31.— Miss J. W. Rob
son of San Francisco is at the Imperial.
D. J. Medbury of San Francisco is at the
Plaza. James K. Kennedy of Los An
geles is at the Metropole.
« — .
Revenue of the United Kingdom.
LONDON, Dec. 31.— The revenue of
the United Kingdom for the quarter
ending December 31 was £28,632,324, an
increase of* £863,662 over 1897, making
for the nine months a total of £78,340,
--488, an increase of £974,348.
Child Falls From a Wagon.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 31.— The S-year
old son of M. C? Cotter, fell from a deliv
ery wagon to-day and broke both wrists.
11? had climbed Into the wagon for a
ride, .and the driver started up quickly,
throwing him out. , _ -.'.-.:-
' Senator Hanna's Gift.
CLEVELAND, Dec. 31.— S'enatorHanna
to-day filled out a check for $2000 for the
Ohio building of the new American I m
versitv at Washington^ •*-"'.
• Violent Storms Prev-.il.
LONDON, Dec. 31.— Violent storms pre
i vail along the English Channel to-night
and all cross-channel -service is suspended.
. Passes Away With the Year.
SANTA CRUZ, Dec. 31.— M: Collins, a
prominent merchant, died to-day. He was
a native of Canada, aged 64.
Football at Woodland. .
WOODLAND, Dec. 31.— The Woodland
and Sacramento football teams will play
here next Monday _ afternoon. _
i Lives Saved From Shipwreck.
j To assist In realizing the risk to human
: life by shipwreck it is interesting to take
I into account the lives saved as well as
the lives lost. The total number of sea
| men and passengers saved from the
! wrecks of British vessels everywhere and
1 of foreign vessels on or near the coasts
of British territory during the year 1896-7
was 7159. of whom 2799 were saved on or
near the coasts of the United Kingdom,
2015 on or near th.- coasts of British pos
sessions abroad, 1618 from British vessels
on or near the coasts of foreign countries
and 1027 on the high seas. Of the 2793
lives saved on the coasts of the United
Kingdom. 306 were saved by the rocket
apparatus and assistance from the shore,
614 were saved by lifeboats, 193 were saved
by coastguard beats and other craft, CB9
were saved by passing ships and 910 were
saved by the shins" own boats. Of the
46G0 lives saved from wrecks abroad 65
were saved by rocket apparatus and ropes
from shore and 108 by lifeboats, but the
majority were saved by the ships' own
boats (2941) and by passing ships (1044).—
London Shipping World
AFFAIRS IN CHILE.
A Narrow Escape From Political and
Financial Disaster.
AM's well that ends well, yet there is
no getting away from the fact that
Chili has had. a harrow escape from po
litical and financial disaster. Writing
from Santiago on the morrow of the
arbitration agreement, signed on Sep
tember 22, one of our correspondents
says: "Now that the longstanding dis
pute with Argentina is in a fair way
toward settlement, we shall be able
to set about economizing on the enor
mous expenditure for armaments, and
an incubus -will be lifted which has
been all but sinking the .country. Our
warlike preparations seem -to hay a been
considered in Europe reprehensible,
not to say suicidal," and Chili has been
recommended to sit with her hands'
folded and sell some of her expensive
ironclads; in response to this benevo
lent advice. I would quote the Chilian
proverb to the effect that 'a madman
knows more of his own affairs, than a
sane man does of other people's.' Our
only way to .prevent war and to oblige
Argentina to accept arbitration was to
arm to the teeth and bluff for all we
were worth."
Since the foregoing candid ' opinion
was penned the troublesome outstand
ing Pun de Atacama question has been
practically shelved, the Chilian Senate
having by an overwhelming majority
approved its reference to a joint Com
mission, with appeal to the . United
States Minister i- Buenos Ayres, as ex
clusively announced a fortnight ago in
these columns. The Puna issue, by the
way, is rather of a political than of " a
purely geographical character, depend
ent on the Interpretation of different'
treaties, and uncomplicated by "water
divide" considerations, for the suffi
cient reason that water is conspicuous
by its absence in the region. The lat
est item of intelligence from South \
America, coupled with the continuous
fall in the Buenos Ayres gold premium,
is undoubtedly the most important yet
to hand, affording as it does practical
proof of the subsidence of the antaeon
ism between Chili and Argentina. The
decree ordering the mobilization of the-
Chilian National Guard has been with
drawn, and it is to be hoped that the
good example wi*" 1 promptly be followed
on the other side of the Andes thus en
abling both republics to enter on the
path of retrenchment urgently required
by their finances. The Cabinet crisis
and ministerial resignations recently
cabled 1 from Valparaiso would appear
to have existed only In the imaidnation
of certain correspondents: at all events
the portfolio of foreign affairs remains !
in the hands of Admiral Latorre (twice'
reported to have resigned), to whose
admirable handling of the boundary
negotiations the present improved sit
uation Is to a great extent due.
As with Chili's external relation's so
with. her finances; the black cloud
having lifted from. the former, an im
mediate improvement may be expected
in the latter, the strain on which would,
if . continued, have reached the break
ing point. All denends on the curtail
ment of "extraordinary" expenditure,
the country's revenue being fortunately
comparatively unaffected by the depre
elation of the currency and amnly suffi- |
cient to meet the normal requirements
of the state. The customs reeetnts.
forming three-fourths of the Chilian
revenue, amounted, in the firs'- eitrht
months of the current vea.r to $36 031 -
969.02. against I'M. -"M*!. no nt in the cor
responding neriod of ISO", being an In
crease of *q. 1*0, "-,4. OS. and the exnort
duty on nitrate In the remaining four
months will yield a further Increase of
$4,000,000. "With the aid of the new j
taxes famountinr.to S10. 000, 000) referred
to in Mr. Sales "Edwards', official prob
lematical surplus, ' brought forward !
from- 1898, the . Minister of Finance
should 'possibly he able' to nay off the
floating denf next yonr and start the I
twentieth cputnry with a ete^r, choet.
A new day is dar-niT- ("""MM. If only j
her Statesmen will oKev the dictates of '
financial prudence.— Pall "Mali Gazette. i
Legal and Medical. Doctors at Odds. i
• A criminal case is. pending in the mili
tary courts which is probably without
precedent in the annals of criminal juris
prudence. A sergeant -and a corporal of
the Seventh Regiment stand accused of
having caused the death of a private col
dier by beating him. incidentally they
are charged with abuse of authority and
violation of the personal rights of the sol
dier.
Now the medical experts have decided
that the beating administered the dead
soldier, shortly before bis demise was not
the cause of his death, but, on the con
trary, interrupted the progress of. a cere
bral congestion brought on by an ex
cessive use of alcoholic! stimulants. The
experts held, in fact, that if the beating
had been continued the man might have
recovered. In spite of this finding the
court found the accused guilty of abuse
of authority and sentenced them to two
years' imprisonment each. -From this
sentence an appeal has been taken to the
Supreme Court, whose decision Is being
expected'with great interest.— The Two
Republics.
NORTH CAROLINA MILLS.
Statistics as to the Industrial Growth
and Conditions of "the Old
North State.''
In IS9O North Carolina was ninth' in
the list of cotton-spinning States in
the South, but has now gone to second
place. South Carolina leading. Geor
gia, the third State on the list, is' over
300,000 spindles behind North Carolina.
Only four other states— Massachusetts,
Rhode Island, New Hampshire and
Connecticut— ahead of North Caro
lina in number of spindles.
There are 220 cotton mills, of which
29 make hoisery and 191 spin or. weave
or do both. There are in operation
1,054,656 spindles and 24,535 looms. No
less than 47 per cent of the mills run
day and night. The consumption of
cotton is now 163,359;000 pounds • yearly.
The Increase of spindles in mills com
pleted this year is 43,000, and old mills
have enlarged their plants by adding
16,820 spindles. The only reduction is
due to two fires, which destroyed 3320
spindles, leaving the year's net gain
56,500 spindles.
The wages of cotton mill operatives
in this State is much lower than in the
New England States, and while the lat
ter have enacted laws regulating the
hours of the labor, all attempts to do
so in North Carolina have failed. The
average number of hours making a
day's work in the mills in this State is
eleven and three-quarters. On an av
erage the mills run 293 days out of 313
working days in the year.
There appears to be an abundance of
mill labor in the State. The employes
are better satisfied than any other
class, and there is practically no an
tagonism between employer and em
ployed, neither favoring labor regula
tion legislation. There are no strikes.
In fact, there has never been a mill
strike in the State.
The average daily wages paid to
skilled men is $1 07; unskilled, 68 cents;
to skilled women, 63 cents; unskilled,
45 cents; children, 32 cents. The gen
eral average is 63 cents for all, which
is said to be a gain of 1 cent over last
year. It costs as little to live in North
Carolina as in any State in the Union.
About 22 per cent of the mills have in
creased wages; over 28 per cent furnish
their employes houses free of rent.
There were during the year only thirty
two accidents, of which but one was
fatal. Of adult employes, 89 per cent,
and of children, 69 per cent, read and
write. At almost every mill there is
a free school. Mill owners support
most of these. — Baltimore Sun.
A Surprise for Brown.
"Brown has received a setback that
he will not recover from for some time,"
said Dodson, as he sipped his coffee.
"I honestly believe that he has cor
rupted every decent waiter in the city
by his outlandish system of overtipping,
making it almost impossible for a mod
est tipper to get any service at all.
"He had a habit of starting with the
head waiter and tipping them all down
the line. I don't know whether he ever
tipped the dishwasher or not, but I
have my suspicions that he did.
"The result has been that the waiters
looked upon him as a sort of Indian
nabob or a returned king from the
Klondike, and would pay no attention
to any one else when he was present.
"You might complain and storm all
you liked, but it would have no effect.
When .Brown entered, everything else
was dropped until the imaginary specks
of dirt were wiped from the immaculate
tablecloth and spotless china, and
Brown seated in all his solitary glory
at his favorite place, which was always
reserved for him. But all that is
changed now. and he is looking around
for some, anti-tipping society to join."
"Find a fly in his soup?" asked Smith.
"Worse than that. All his life Brown
has been trying to get money enough
ahead to build himself a home, and
now he has discovered that the house
he is renting is owned by his former
favorite .head waiter." — Detroit Free
Press.
Patient Waiting No Loss.
"Hasn't Longhlll recovered yet from the
illness he contracted in the army?" '
"No: his pension application won't be
passed on for several weeks yet."—Phil
adelphia.North American. . . •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i-»-o-*o-* o+o-o-o -•- o* o-*o ♦-o-*-o-*o*-*-b-*o-»-o-* o*-o-»-o ♦ o-*o-*o-»-o-»-o*-o-»- +
JB_j!_'il o
J Diseases 1 1 The Oflly DOCtOrS ll Diseases | I
.and Who- will treat men until they and -J
Weakness are permanently cured before re- WeaklWSS ?
Of Men. quiring any, payment are DR. of Men. *
L ! MEYERS &- CO., 731 Market st. _ — 1 ?
1 . ... . ■ 1 ■ Q
This proposition is a' thousand times better than any of ♦
the so-called guarantees offered by numerous incompetent and £
irresponsible doctors and medical institutions, AFTER the &
money has been paid to them. Beware of such schemes. o
FOUNDED 1881. A SUCCESS FOR SEVENTEEN YEARS. O
BETTER THAN A GUARANTEE-NO PAY TILL CURED, °
PUT THE MONEY US BANK— Patients who have the least* doubt about %'
being cured may deposit the price of a cure in any bank or with any well- o
known business house or newspaper in San Francisco, such deposit NOT to be +
paid to Dr. Meyers & Co. until the patient is convinced that he is permanently <_
cured. „ *
If patients prefer they may take the treatment on the installment plan, _
or they may pay the entire price for a cure direct, to the doctors an 1 thus ob- +
tain a liberal discount. *"_f*B;. '. _ i^oSk\WßawßM <">
Prices reasonable In all cases, whether the sufferer is rich-or poor. a
All cures as lasting, as life. No poisonous or dangerous drugs ever dls- -o
pensed. "' , ".*.■•♦-
Private Book and Consultation Free. Home Cures, ■ ■♦.
DR. MEYERS A CO. have the largest and best equipped medical institu- ?
tlon and the most extensive practice in America. Hpme cures a specialty. If - I
you cannot call write for free book for men only, advice and treatise on any a
disease. All letters confidential. No printing on envelopes or packages, r . £
DE. MEYERS & CO. ?{
-7QI JVIARKET STREET, ?
/*->! SAN FRANCISCO. , ":*
-r-,1,^ FU,/-foi« I HOURS-8 to 5 daily. QBSfP&I "*"
I alee CieVatOr. I Evenings. 7to 8. Sundays, 9to 12. o
► ©♦O^O + O^O-**"- 0 -O-e-O-O-O-O-Oe-O-e-O-*- ♦O-fO +O* o-*o+o -♦- O*O-»-0-*-O-»-o*-0-*'
TREASURY HOLDS
PLENTY OF COIN
In Good Condition De
spite the War.
INCREASE IN CASH BALANCS
WAR TAX OFFSET DEFICIENCY
IN REVENUES.
Because of the Disturbance to Busi
ness Interests This Tax Will
Not Be Repealed in the
Near Future
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 31.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Notwith
standing the extraordinary expendi
tures on account of the war the treas
ury is in very good condition and closes
the year with more cash on hand than
when it opened, the cash balance to
night being $290,000,000, against $235.
--474,769 on December 31, 1897. This in
crease is due to the receipts from, the
Pacific railways, the proceeds of the
war loan bonds and the war revenue
taxes.
The receipts from the sale of war
loan bonds, amounting to $200,000,000,
foot up $199,095,119, a balance of nearly
$1,000,000 being deferred payments that
will soon be made. The war revenue
law has yielded about $60,000,000, mak
ing the total war fund the Government
has been able to draw upon about
$260,000,000. Against this the war ex
penses, as nearly as they can be esti
mated, amount to date to about $190,
--000,000. Nearly $156,000,000 of this was
on account of the army.
The ordinary receipts of the Govern
ment have fallen considerably below
the ordinary expenditures. This is due
in part to the disturbance of business
interests by the war. yy--i:.
Since the close of hostilities there has
been marked improvement, but there
is no ground for believing the war tax
can soon be repealed.
For the first six months of the fiscal
year fc the receipts from all sources foot
up $245,961,890, and expenditures more
than $329.000, thus making the de
ficit for the year to date more than
$84,000,000. This same proportion will
not be continued through the second
half of the year, for the war expendi
tures are gradually decreasing with the,
mustering out of troops and ordinary
receipts show a tendency to still fur
ther increase.
December is not usually the best
month in the year for customs receipts?
but it shows this year $16,764,324—
largest month's receipts since the Dins
ley law was enacted, and $5,103,536 in
excess of December of last year. The
internal revenue receipts for December
were $22,627,319, of which more than
one-third can be credited to war taxes.
Partially Successful.
"Tell me, doctor, were you successful
with that patient on the next block?"
"Partially so; I cared him, but I have
not • succeeded in getting any money out
of him yet." Youkers Statesman.
■ ♦ . ; ■ -, -4 {:•',•;. .?
Decidedly " Stationary.
"Papa." said Sammy Snaggs, "what is
the Keely motor?" •:. --
' "The Keely motor is a stationary en- .
gine. Sammy," replied Mr. Snaggs; "the
most stationary engine in the world."—.
Pittsburg Chronicle Telegraph.
;■ ♦ ■
Miss Anna Boyd of Washington, Ind.,
ran .a little splinter into her thumb. She
died a week later of .lockjaw.SCHOOL BOARD
ENDS THE YEAR
WITH A FARCE
Gallagher Elected City Superin
tendent of Schools With As
sumed Seriousness.
Members Viciously Attack Judge Belcher
-■With Opprobrious Epithets and Vile
Language— Disgraceful and Dis
gusting Evening Session.
"»•; The gang commonly dignified by the I
* title of "Board of Education" wound up I
•i'the business of the old year with a piece j
I'vl ot.-*v burlesque legislation, farcical to the
"._-. Kpofnt of idiocy, such as could have been j
• '-.-conceived only ln the whisky muddled j
7'7'.l*rain of a chronic spoilsman or the twist- j
:-?:«?d~->nteUect of a mental incompetent." The f
•ifcoiird will meet again at 10 o'clock Tues
, cay morning to go through the formality j
"f: adjourning sine die, but its term ex- j
77.. ("ires. by law at 2 p. m. of that day. and i
7-t.he' people will be rid of one of the most I
»" • /-corrupt public bodies that ever disgraced
..**. ;.fi" community. But It cannot get rid of
• ..:"ie ."-legacy of shame which the outgoing
.•':f''-_r<i- will leave behind, to be a lasting
(a% on the history of the city and county
_•.'. .-*:..- au t rancisco.
■■'.■ .irast night's session was a fitting close
i.o'* a- season of corruption and rascality
which has marked the acts of the major- j
' :ty of this public body in the lust two
years. Although the session ended with
a farce, it began with one of the most
d-isgu-j-.ing exhibitions of foul-mouthed
.'• -Vulgarity and boisterous badinage that
-"'.■/eHr disgraced the proceedings of a public
.'...'.bf'ty in the United States.
•'•;:." / The members of this unsavory body who
V'..'-h_.'ve managed to retain j.s much of. their
.-.-.■-?!ff.respect as was possible in the tainted
•; '. aitaosphere of the "jobbery**- had the de
..* , *.-*.'«<iJ9y to absent themselves from the final
.■ '.^--csr.yusal of their erstwhile associates.
•*.,'.*'.•. ;:*r.h.e first act on the programme was a
. -.'-.'Villi pus attack or. the character and mo
.-.''-iti-ves of the learned jurist who had the
" - ;-'..;sUtiiacity to publicly criticize the acts Of
..v'yifis disfeputa.bie gang that has succeeded
;• -".-lh: casting reproach on the department of
-'■ .:.£"*!£• city government that should be
. '".above suspicion. The men who have been
■"■■'• intrusted with the duty of passing -judg
' -.ment on the qualifications ot the men and
. ;-.;.women who are to have the care and edu
cation of the young children of this city
-""='.-, delved ln filth to find words to express
."...their anger at Judge Belcher's caustic
■ " . -castigation. The language indulged in
was utterly unprintable in any publico—.
'*. -.tion that* makes the veriest nretense to
:.■ ./decency, and yet it is to be inscribed on
"". .'.the official records of the Schoot Deoart
-..-••"•ment-cf the city and county of San Fran
• ■ Cisco, for the chief offender against de-'
". -,'cency insisted that his words be taken
.-.uown to form part of the proceedings of
•;•". that body. The object of his wrath was
•'••". Ijikened unto a filthy beast, his courage
- ;..lrrip*_nged and his motives questioned.
: The traducer did not openly charge the
eminent Jurist with corruption." but' saM- c
.--.- haxvbeen informed', that the fight on'
tne school Beerd- was the. part ot -or.- .
- ■ sjJracy in which money played an im- I
pdtftant figure. . .
"He was followed by a fellow-member |
.'".. .Gallagher, who lamented that the report \
■: cf- the finance Committee, of which he 7
■ --.' was chairman, had not been returned by I
th* printer, because it covered the ground
•'.-.touched upon by the previous speaker in
.-• a more thorough manner. He could not |
have meant that the language in the re- i
- ... 'port was fouler or. more indecent. But
.;_•: although he had been anticipated in fur-'
-.-.-Ishing all the "enterta.'nment" at the I
rxper.se of Judge Belcher, he gleefully j
announced that he had embodied in his
••-.■.report a recommendation that the L.*--gl3- !
.latiire be asked to impeach the Judge "for \
■....malfeasance In office and general coj- i
-' ration, and he sat down satisSed that
' .••h« had acquitted himself in a most praise
:;'. worthy manner. • ; i-.
: ..'.. : The crowning act of folly and stupid
presumption on the part of this delecta- '
-. bie body was the election of Director E*. j
.J.- Gallagher as. City Superintendent of!
Fchoois.-an office created in the imagina- '
••••"tive brain of Sam Waller and Intended us !
a parting thrust at Superintendent Web
ster. While the proposition was evidently
.'.,s";ly regarded as a huge joke of the barroom
:* ..variety by the gang, they stood in to a -
-•■man and carried the farce through with j
•othe hilarity ar.d utter lack of dignity
■..■which has characterised the proceedings
..' •.< of ..the board at almost every meeting Tn
■;.•■■; th* past. ■''">-'. ;*.-"■ . "
"•":.The gang paid its respects to Superin
.'.-.--tend ent Webster and Deputy Superin
' ■ .-. .tendent Stor.tt at the afternoon*' session
: when a report was filed by the Commit it* \
•on Janitors. In which the head of the
.;•:•. School Department was called a liar and!
;■'.: accused of playing the monkey to his -
. deputy and otherwise conducting himself
.•..; in a reprehensible manner. Stone also
came in for a scoring. At the afternoon
Fession also the gang made another batch
cf transfers and appointments, raised the
graoe of one school, increased the salary
of one principal and the salafy rolls o*
two schools. Directors Armer, Head and
Derham remained away from both after
noon and evening sessions, contending
that the meeting was an -adjourned spe
cial meeting and illegal, and that, there
fore, any action by the board in the mat- j
ter of appointments, etc.. was void..
?.*' The board was scheduled to meet at 10
a. m.. but It was noon before a quorum
showed up. Director Carew occupied the '
; chair In the absence of President Bar
*•":'.. rlngton. -.' The other absentees were Di
rectors Armer, Head and Derham. -"':*•:
. Theftrst business taken up was the re
■?•.".•• port .of the Committee on Elementary
......'. Education, which wag adopted after
- striking out the paragraph transferring ,
7- :7Vic.e ".Principal W. H. Williams of the
.'v.Glem-ent Grammar School to the unassign
•ed'ils-i-.of. teachers and electing Miss Lei
, : . *71s-..t07h1s ice. The amended report fol
io w-s yy- _PtflE£''*. t . '■ *■ o"'"
-. ":;T'ha't'Mr. "C. W. Mark, vlcef. principal of the
'• : :Evisr*tt Grammar School, be transferred to the
'; : . -tJ-Ay..* scfccJol unassigr.ed list.
':y\\ : ' T^-a t"v Mrs. E. M. Baumgartner. rice princl
"..•.".'■;pa3;"-<jj.-.*the Denman Grammar School, be trans
•■•/•-. tttva&yta the vice prlncipalshlp of th? Everett
' : ."Gt>an*imar School, vice ,C. "tV. Marks, trans- I
*.-■■ ferre-d-...
■■'■"■..-: That Mrs. F. Bachman be transferred from
; : --the." Lincoln Grammar School to Mrs. E. M.
; ." Baumyartner's class !n the "Denman Gram-!
•_• 5 mar School and elected vice principal of sei^
•-".'..Denman Grammar SchocL %
That Miss Mary E. Tormey be transferred'
.•■•from the day substitute list to' the Paclflc
'•Heights Grammar School and under the reso-
JK. lotion adopted December 30, IS9S. she be elected
'c„rffrular. ,c„rffrular teacher. ■'..-■
: < That the Burnett Intermediate* Grammar
I •. -;Sch.-.01 b-e raised in rank t& that of m second
-..' •" .class gran; mar school. * ,
. .".•'That Miss E. Madden of the day unassigned
,- '.' : be transferred to the Lincoln Grammar
.-" School. '■•'-- ,« J -
iThat Miss J. B. Hinds of the' Cooper Prim
ary Schoot be transferred to a class in the
"tjchrnor.d Intermediate Grammar School.
-Tl'uit Miss Kane of the day substitute list
of transferred to a class la the Lafayette
Primary.
The report of the Committee on Salar
es, recommending an increase of $200 in
;he salary account of the Barringtoh and
Jackson Primary School and increasing
the salary of the principal . 0 the Xoe
Valley School to $125 per month. * was
idopted.
The report of the Committee on Even
ing Schools was also adopted. It was as
follows:
Tbat Miss Martin of the Falrmount Even^.g
School b« elected principal ot the said school.
That J. Drew of the Hearst Evening School
De elected principal of- that school.
Tbat Mrs. J. Hcctt at the Hearst Evening
?choo! be assigned to a class In the John Bwetl
Evening School.
•" . -.-.' That Miss E. Daniels of the Hamilton Even
i" Ina School be transferred to the <i:i>- -ria-'iiirn
• '•'.*ed-!Lst.
* .- •. That Miss E. Games of above school be as
■ .' : signed to the class of Miss Daniels, trans
' '-/erred.
• That Miss Julia Baker of the Hearst Even
| ing School be transferred to the John Swett* ■
Evening School.
"*»"" That Miss E. Cerf of th* John Swett Even-
lr.y School be transferred to the Lincoln Even
ing School class of Miss Harvey.
That Mrs. R. Cohen ot the day ur.asslgned
list be transferred to her former class In the
Horace Mann Evening School.
That Miss May Carle of the race Mann
Evening School be transferred to the Business
Evening School.
That Miss Laura Kay of the Spring Valley
Evening School b» transferr»d to the ; former
class of Miss O'Sullivan in tha Lincoln Even
ing School.
That the cooking classes tn the Harrison
Primary taught by Mrs. Mary Tillman being
consolidated, she be transferred Co the even
ing school substitute list.
That Miss B. Johnson be transferred from
School. ' :>s ' :ituta llst to the Hearst Evening
The Committee <m Janitors reported
that It had investigated the charges of
inefficiency of the janitorial service, pre
ferred by Superintendent Webster, and
found his statements. to be absolutely un
true: -.hat the service was excellent" and
that the action of Superintendent Webster
was simply an attack on "poor hardwork
ing en and women." Mr. Webster's crit
icism was said "to be such as could ema
nate only from the lowest grade of a
moral coward." In conclusion the report
recommended that the janitor service be
placed under civil service. It was placed
on file.
Director Ragan spike in favor of the
civil service plan, ar.d at the conclusion
of his remarks the board took a recess
until. s o'clock.
It was nearly 6 o'clock before the gang
got together again. Armer. Head and
Derham remained away and Barrington,
who came in late, refused to take part in
the proceedings. The session lasted little
over half an hour, and that was amply
sufficient to put a fitting climax to the
many disgraceful proceedings that have
characterized the meetings of the board
from the time it h;fs existed.
Director Waller was bubbling over with
an exuberance of spirits and his volubility
would have put to shame the champion
spieler of the "greatest show on earth."
The other directors, while less r.oisv,
were equally reckless and the scene re
sembled nothing so much a? Ac assembly
of convivial-spirits in the back room of a
tavern.
Director, Ragan the .bail with a
"protest." as- he called it, against Judge
Belcher's criticism of the board.
"A certain weekly .sheet," "said Dr. Ra
gan, "refers in its issue to-day to the re
mark attributed to "- Judge Belcher in
which he sard the nine School Directors
constituting the majority of this board
should he put in a, cage and sunk to tha
bottom of the-bay, and adds that it might
be well to Include the Judge. I wish to
say that I rise to protest against the lan
guage of the man. who is sworn to ad
minister justice whert he shows his ani
mus 'to a' public body like this by vili
fying, its-. members, '-who at just as intel
ligent and as honest as himself. *He
should have his head. smothered in a com
pos: heap and stifled until, as time passed
on, the elements of his head mi'ng*led with
the elements* that make up that heap.*'-.
The indignant School Director said '
much more, but his language was such i
as is* not heard in polite society or' in |
newspapers. He was intensely in earnest
and Insisted that his words, be , taken
down, stopping and repeating his remarks
frequently. in order that there might he
no mistake as to his meaning. ■ He wound
up by declaring he had been informed
that the persistent attacks on the School
Board had been instigated and the funds
for necessary expenses attached thereto,
furnished by the' society of the Junior' O
rder of American. Mechanics.-
Director Gallagher . expressed regret
that his report as chairman oi the Fi
nance. Committee' was still in the hands of
the printer.. He had -hoped, to be. able to
present it it. the meeting and expressed
the opinion that it Would be interesting
reading because It contained recom
mendations, in line "with the "remarks of
Dr. Ragan. 'He proceeded to mention a
few of the choicest morsels' in the report
and" wound-up with the .declaration, that
the report recommended that. the Legis
lature be asked to impeach Judge Bel
cher for malfeasance in office and general
corrupt
Director Waller then made the star play
of the session. " In a long rambling state
HOW JUDGE BELCHER. WW TREAT THE SCHOOL DIRECT^.
THE SAX FRAy CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 1. 1899.
RABBI VOORSANGER
NOT A CANDIDATE
Says He Has No Desire to Be the
President of Berkeley
University.
•*" ' I '"HE publication In The Call this morning of the fact that my name "*"
<*> I had been proposed to the Regents of the University of California *5>
4. I for the presidency of that institution came to me as a com- +
- JL plete suprise." said Rabbi Voorsanger last evening. "I did not au-
thorize the use of my name and I do not desire to be considered a candi- .
*♦" date. ■
♦ "I have never given such a matter a thought and my ambitions do not <*
4. run in that direction. For the past twenty-five years I have devoted my best -f
A efforts to my chosen calling and have found encouragement and satisfaction
in it. I desire to pursue my chosen life's work to the end. Thirteen years
"** of this time has been spent in San Francisco and during that period I have
♦ formed ties that it would be extremely painful to break. Therefore, I do not <§■
4- feel that I should be considered in the matter whatever. +
1 "The office of president of the. University of California is a highly re- <j>
sponsible one. It requires for its successful conduct 'a man who is. many- _,
♦ sided; one who can be calm and dignified; one who is well matured in years
v but is young in heart: one who, while being a student, is also a financier, a *$'
+ diplomat, a man of wide mental grasp— ln fact an official who is everything -♦■
to • the institution, the welfare of which he is supposed to promote. <§>
? •"I do not feel fitted for such a task and am satisfied that my ambitions _.
~t run along the lines of life lam now pursuing. Whatever abilities I may <r
possess belong to my people. I have worked hard for them and they have £
■*" done much for me. I do not think they would expect or desire me to aban- *"*
<$• don this work? even to go into wider and more active fields. The question -t
-4. as to what I would do in the event that the honorable position came to me <*
. unsolicited is one that I do not desire to discuss for the reason that such a 4.
**** supposition is nonsensical. ..
*♦" ."There are able men in this State who are thoroughly equipped for that •
<S> position and who, if properly approached, would accept it and give to the *♦-
4- State the best that is in them, and for this reason I think it is well to not <?>
y confuse the situation by having too many local names before the Regents
for consideration. By following th - theory antagonisms may be avoided. I
"*" have been approached by enthusiastic friends to-day who thought highly of "**
*) the preposition, but I figuratively poured cold water down their necks by ■♦•
4 asking them if their vanity was not biasing their judgment. • <*>
a "No, I wish it understood' that my desire is to follow to the close of my 4.
9 life the calling in which lam now engaged. In that line I have set many
"*" objects before me to be accomplished and I would prefer to be not diverted
* from my task. Let the honor and the obligations go to some fully com- "♦"
-+- petent man who is seeking the place." 4>
The fact, exclusively stated In The Call yesterday, that Dr. Voorsanger 4.
had been proposed for the office of president of the Berkeley University ere- -
i ated a great deal of interest; and the Rabbi would certainly have had rea-
T son to be flattered could he have heard the comments upon the proposl- *T
'* tion. In fact, his friends are quite entnused over the matter, and it is prob- "
♦ able that they .will ably advocate him for the place unless there is some un- "♦"
•v expected change in the circumstances. <«>
'X The situation at the present time is. that while Dr. Voorsanger declines 4.
the nomination, his close friends say that if circumstances so developed
- that the regents selected him his high regard for duty would cause him to :
+ accept the responsibility, notwithstanding his longings might be in other di- **"
<S> ions. Furthermore, that if he did accept the exalted position he would •
4 go at the task with an his energies with the idea of making it his life ♦
* work. rf>
: Thus far the regents have not conferred upon the selection of a successor .
*♦" to President Kellogg, but they are individually worrying a great deal about
♦ this grave duty which must be performed between. now and March next. It "^
is understood that the regents' committee has for consideration the names -♦-
of several well-known men who are not candidates and who do not know that «>
? they may be selected for the place. The regents will deliberate on the quail-
"*" (.cations of the men under consideration and if they decide that a certain
'i> one is capable they will name him first and let him file objections after- *
•♦• ward- *♦- .
; *->i>*^i,-f^4 S> 4^^
men t of what the hoard jjf^^e^eJ-
Tvanted to he wound up
t .- nn that Superintendent of -b° ols^? D .
l ste? was' a county and not a official
and that the law provided for a Ut> feu
o^rintendent of Schools", that there was
SSu&ch official at present ■■ ar.d t herejore
he proposed that the -position be filled at
once Waller announced that he had .
Se a thorough investigation of the law
bSrte! on the subject, and was convinced
that position was both logical and le
gal He had no candidate, but -would vote
for any .-.an named by any of his col
,e Ehre«or: Ragan. smothering a tendency
to laugh, nominated Director 5- J- Galla
gher, and added that Mr. Gallagher in
f«r™»H [m that he would accept the
h°o™r d and makea fight In the courts to
retain the place. The election " Mr.
GaUagher was unanimous. Directors Ban
&? Burns. Carew. Drucker, Ragan. Ham-.
mond Lnd Waller voting aye Director
Gallagher was excused. and Barf* -
who was in the- room when the. vote whs
rake- declined tq vote. As soon as the
farce was ended the board adjourned un
til Tu«sdav at 10 a. m.
Whll- it" seems hardly probable that
th Directors were tn earnest in the nnal .
act of absurdity, they solemnly assert
that they propose to make an effort to
clinch the election of Gallagher by carry
| Lafy I .^ CaSe to the highest court if neces-
'•The Cloister, and the Hearth."
ha/7 Pu I ha! * Re a*3e took with this
; boo*, called first "A Good Fight" and af
terward "The Cloister and the Hearth *"
were almost superhuman. His letters at
this time are full of it. "I am under
way again. he writes, "but rather
slowly. I think this story will almost
wear my mind out." Again "I can't tell
whether it will succeed or not as a who?"
but there shall be great and tremendous
and tender things in it."' It is Intereattw
to trace through these letters gradu"!
evolution of character! and scenes that
nave charmed millions of. People since
In one of them be says: "Gerard is just
now getting to France after many Ad
ventures in Germany, The new charac
ters I have added-Denys. a. Burgundian
soldier a crossbowman-will. I hope and
trust please you." Never was hop! bet
ter founded. Since those words wire
written many and many a reader has
lived over and* over again the savings and
doings of this honest. true-hearteS ad
-, yen ur v?, r ' with hls everlasting '-age
le dlable est mort." Denys' "foibl« "as
we are told, was woman. "When he' met*
a peasant girl on the road he took off his
cap to her as If she was a Queen, the In
variable effect of which was that she
suddenly drew herself up quite stiff !ik» a
soldier on parade and wore a forbidding
aspect." " *
■ ♦ ■ . .
' Punch in Boston.
Mrs. " Browne— Tes, we used to let
Tommy sit or. the dictionary when he took
his piano lessons, but his father put a
stop to It.
Mrs. Greene— Why so? 'Fraid It would
hurt the book?
Mrs. Browne— No: it was too much like
punning:: playing on words, you know.—
Boston Transcript.
— — — ■ ♦ ■
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. N'oonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
ADVERTISING
FENCES TAXED
TO THE LIMIT
No More Forty-foot
Color Atrocities.
TWELVE FEET THE LIMIT
HEAVY TAX ON ALL EdGHER
STRUCTURES.
.
Phelan Made Numerous Futile Nomi
nations^He Vetoes Hall of Jus
tice Contracts — No Gas
Inspector Elected.
A resolution came before the Board
of Supervisors two weeks ago impos
ing a license of 5 cents the square
foot on all fence signs exceeding
in height twelve feet. It came up for
final passage at last Monday's meeting,
and was referred back to committee in
order that the fence artists might have
another chance to press their suit. As a
result the committee report came in at
yesterday's meeting recommending that
the fence limit be increased to twenty
two feet. Supervisor Britt, chairman of
the committee, worked the report
through. When the committee recom
mendation came before the board yes
terday it was lost through the need of
three votes, ; and the motion was on the
original resolution of twelve feet.
It carried with eight votes, despite that
Crusoe Phelan's Friday Dodge made one
of his well known speeches against the
order. He was seconded by Britt, who
thought that a thirty-foot side of paint
ot nondescript colors was not a scar on
municipal beauty and the fences would
be nice for the children to look at.
Mayor Phelan also attempted further
nominations for the office of Gas to
spector, ut the incumbent, Charles L.
Taylor, is highly satisfactory to the
board, and all of the Mayor's nomin
ations were referred to the next board.
After naming three Mr. Phelan re
fused to make any further nom
inations until the board told why It
did not elect. The board refused and the
Mayor kept to his, threat, and other busi
ness was brought' up.
Tax Collector Block's failure to make a
report of his tax collections to Auditor
Broderick induced the board to pass a
resolution Instructing him to report in
detail at . once the names of property
owners paying delinquent taxes for the
years 1568-69 to 11374-75, including 1881-82,
ISB7-8S to IS9S-96
Boxing permits were granted to the Ex
celsior Club for a contest between January
20 and 30; Palace Athletic Club be
tween February 1 and 15; Princeton Ath
letic Club for same evening in January.
The resolution granting permission to
modify the plan 3of the Hall of Justice
was adopted.
The two bids opened at last Monday's
meeting for the construction of a police
station on Seventeenth street were re
jected. Both proposals exceeded the
limit of $50,000 fixed as the cost of the
new building. New plans were ordered
drawn. - * .*:
The Spring Valley Water Company was
requested to place fire hydrants at the
corners of Seventh and Market streets
and Ninth and Market streets.
The Mayor returned without Iris ap
proval the resolution awarding th.;- con
tract tor furnishing the Hall of Justice
and Morgue for i" '<". He objects that
the price charged was excessive and that
bidders were not put ln possession of
facts sufficient to enable them to make a
proper bid. ■ :-^
The board will meet on Tuesday next,
when it will turn over its duties and lega
cies to the incoming Supervisors.
Alas for Greek Bachelors.
According to a note in the Counter de
Paris, the Athenians and Greeks collec
tively intend to exclude all bachelors
from their Parliament. The idea seems to
be that the bachelor has no stake in the
commonwealth; if he is represented, that
is as much as he can ask for; a repre
sentative he ought never to be. for whom
does he represent except himself? And
herein the Greeks seem to fancy that
they have found a cure for celibacy, so
that all citizens will marry, and the law
ful and legitimate population of Athens
will increase, while every young Greek
having before him as the summum bonum
a seat in the Chamber well know that his
best assurance thereof will be the votes
of his constituents, based on the size of
his family. Should- the measure be passed
—and there are so many canards of anti
bachelor crusades that one feels some
doubt about the story— Europe will watch
the experiment of the Parliament of the
married men, with much interest. It will
not last long, because when women are
elected to "Parliament they will restore
the bachelor legislator, as the sittings
would-be too dull for them without him
•But it is a retrograde measure In any
case. A Vienna savant has lately an
nounced that "love itself Is probably a
microbe." The microbe, we know, a!
always slays the unfittest; therefore, the
married men are the unfittest; therefore,
the bachelor is the fittest for a seat ie
Parliament.— Pall Mall Gazette.
Luxury and Extravagance. !
In general the destruction of wealth is a
social as well' as an individual loss. The ■.
wealth that is used upon riotous living
ils diverted from better uses. Extrav
agance is not necessarily luxury. The
mere transfer of wealth from one "hand to
j another does not involve destruction.
[ Consumption means using up. When a
| nation spends $250. for a great picture
the wealth is not destroyed: it is simply
transferred. When the "Jubilee Plunger"
ran through $2,500,000 in twelve calendar
months the wealth of the world was
diminished only by the amount of it he
and those who sponged on him put down
their throats and otherwise wantonly de
stroyed. In so far as it was simply trans
ferred to others to whom he paid extrav
agant prices it was not destroyed.
To give high prices for articles which
are rare is not necessarily luxury, for the
\ price and the rare edition of the old mas
> ter both remain. It is true that extrava
; gance may mean the transfer of wealth
j to those who will not use it well, but it
does not usually mean this. It generally
■ involves a transfer to the hands of those
who will use it more wisely.—lnterna
: tional Journal of Ethics.
AD VEBTISK-lEiN TS.
6€ mm mm ?*
Is Dr. Humphreys' Cure for .
Colds that "hang* on" and
GRIP
A chill is as a rule the first symptom.
This is followed by pains in the limbs
and a cough. Then if the Grip is not
checked Pneumonia follows. Those who
overwork themselves and live irregu-
lar lives are the ones most liable to fall
victims. 'ji '.**•"*/-.
My advice to those who get their feet
wet and are forced to remain out of
doors is to keep continually moving and
take "77." A Cold can be avoided in
this manner.
"77" not alone "breaks up" the Cold,
but it fortifies against taking Cold.
• At druggists or sent prepaid; price 25c. and
iOc. ; large pocket flask. $1.
DR. HUMPHREYS' BOOK SENT FREE.
V Humphreys' Med. Co.. cor. William & John
'sts.. New York. ■ Be sure to get
HUMPHREYS'.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
■-> i -:---:--->*»io»o-*>'o-».5 •-:■--:• •■:-•■:--:• •-:••*: •■;•••:•••>••>• 0 •
CITY OF |j|j PARIS
DRY GOODS COMPANY.
CLOSING OUTS
...Odd Pieces and Broken Lines...
CHILDREN'S COATS (Sizes 2 to 6 Years .
Regular Prices 56.50. $7. S3, $10, $12.50 Each
CLOSING PRICES . . $4-. SO, S3, S«S.SO. SQ, SIO Each
CHILDREN'S JACKETS (Sizes 2 to 6 Years).
ODD SIZES AND STYLES. Reduced from $3. 00 to SS.OO
BABIES' AND CHILDREN'S HATS AND BONNETS.
BROKEN LINES and FRESH STYLES. To close out at from at. SO
CHILDREN'S JERSEY LEGGINS.
ALL THE STYLISH COLORS. From 53.00 to Si. SO
CHILDREN'S WOOLEN DRESSES. *
Will Be Sold at Prices That Will Clear Out Odd Sizes.
LIIMO-EPtIE !
LADIES' MUSLIN GOWNS.
Former Prices 75c. 85c, SI.OO, $1.25, 51. 50, $1.75.
SALE PRICES <50c. SI.OO.
MUSLIN AND CAMBRIC CHEMISE.
Former Prices $1, 51.50, $1.75. SALE PRICES SOc, 7Sc, Si
LADIES' MUSLIN DRAWERS.
. Former Prices 75c, $1.25, $1.50. SALE PRICES SOc, 75c, S|
LADIES' CORSET COVERS.
(Sizes 34, 36 and 44 only) Reduced to SOc.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F.
UNION SQUARE.
Mill and Exp:es3 Orders Receive Imaxedi*"* Atteatioa. SECOND FLOOR.
I. gj i,-.. ) -\. .*...;. ..%..>..>. ■:>..;>.<%..£.; ,%; jf"J ;Q ; y.y ......y..y. .-. . v~«*>"O-?-0**
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
TSSTH mtmaa^amaam PLATES,
TILLED fey:-"***"?^^ "With "Frss
With Sold, Si* t s_B Extraction,
78c H ■ S4°*so.
PainhM i-ti L*^.^ TSSTH
Extraction a K__l__i WIIHOCT
Specialty. , PLA.T2S.
WE WILL SAVE YOU HALF ON
YOUR DENTAL BILL!
Dr. T. S. Higgins' Dental Parlors,
927 Market Street.
Oyer Cafe _in_»_d. ELEVATOR.
:
Moetct
Cfrandon
(Largest and Oldest Champagne
House in the World).
WHITE SEAL (Grande Cuvee) is
unsurpassed in quality, dryness and
flavor NEW YORK TIMES.
•J C DCflSy -"*_ FOR F.ITIIF.R SKS.
_.<■ DnUrl OThin remedy beinff in-
j_,^«»rf directly to the ;
GA seat of those diseases
(O » H™ of the Benito- 1 rinarj
Ml L jgj Organs, requires no
f¥a By change of diet. Care
«B» *^8H guaranteed in 1 to 3
r=rz3=^=i^s Says Small plain pack. !
«f*HTI3 fas*'- DV ma 91.00.
** W I^Jyi^!!! only by
GEO. DAHLBENDER A CO., Sole Amenta.
D 4 Kearny si., San ITranclaco. Cal.
v^^_4- WHEN YOU
/j^^^ it 'r^y^^^k Require an ELEC-
(Bj^^^^^^StßlC BELT pet "Dr.
Pierces" and you will
"^^t v " not be disappointed. '<
~jf?^~ C*" or *ddr«»s PIERCE
* -V ELECTRIC CO.. 620 :
Mirk**-... (cpp. Pilars Hots), S. F.
, tt, ="
V il . . _-, ft jr: 5g
ivSi "ii <& •'•'••I' fi
ll .)]<& w ■ f&u te-3
A lady living in one of the large brass manufacturing dties of
Connecticut, writes: "My ten-year-old daughter, Irene, has been
troubled with terrible sick headaches and spells of vomiting ever since
she was a little tot Her father thought she would outgrow them, but
she didn't. She did not chew her food enough, and what she threw
up seemed but half digested. Through the advice of a friend, 1
began giving her
Ri pans Tabules.
She was benefited at once, and after a treatment of one week the
trouble ceased, and she has not had a bad spell since."
Since writing this letter, the lady states that she has reduced the
dose to half a Tabule a day and the good effect still continues, and she
believes that the use of the Tabules may soon be wholly discontinue^,
for her daughter appears now to be absolutely weLL
Dr - "Wong Him. Noa.
/qs%Bg&Bjk H5 and 117 Maaon street.
feg^ 16 *^^ ttan Francisco, Cal.— Tt:^
K» If la to certify lhat I hay.
s?>f-"e"'s_" F teen for several years
\&Ai *• great euCerer from
J^ B right's Diira.se of M».
__ Uo and UT Ma_cn street.
San Francisco. Cal.— Th:s
w ta to certify that I have
f been for several years
S a great sufferer from
Br-.gnt's Disease of the
/ Kidneys, a tumor ln the
* eit side and other <Jls-
*fe&_ eases Incidental to fe-
i^W"S l *l>__« rtd___?W n **' e8; that I have for
*S.^S'^^^l* weeks • an ' i months at a
TEjsassSESls-aBS time been totally unable
j to attend to my domestic affairs, and much of
I the time confined to the ted. Nothing could
! be done for me that afforded more than tempo-
■ rary relief. About three months ago I was ad-
'■ vised to place myself under your treatment.
i On my first interview, after feeling my pulse,
! you described my condition more accurately
than I could have done myself. After using
rour medicine and following your advice since
that time I am very happy to say I have en-
tirely recovered my health: am fully able 'to
fulfill all my duties as the mother of a large
family of children; Indeed, for the past 13 or M
years I have net enjoyed as robust health.
• • MRS. HETTIE E. LOWE.
3571 24th street. San Francisco. Cal.
, October 18. ISM. y.
I , .
Sano-RioH«-:
-_jf Ctl 1 -tr "* JKIU *•£ °^t»
THE HOME REMEDY -'S* "ffi-ft
for FEMALE COMPLAINTS in_£*i_
sr«cj. F-:r __ thM# pains, imgnlahties and dlAeulUea na
remedy on earth & o-rjft.Dtf. *«:ly»Ppli«d.' 3 lady her-
sqaa'i rhj fimo ■ 33 ii U ' KIO s«lf. Belle res all pain
_SBBBEb ln tromb or Ovaries in 10 minutes.
Pl^r^&S Promptly reliefs* HfiJichs,N»n««i. Blood sad
KSJ*jgBM Bladder Troubles, F»:r.:n-~«, Nervousness. Fear
JS^©^g3 and r*apon_ency. Carts Lsucorrhaa, Vor >
&ai g. &a Complaints, t'i»p!icer-.'E:.«. BackacJle, Bee!.-;;
**?_P*' W !•• -*7. P 1 -"' » ni a.; Ttrr.: Di3orf»n. _****-,
jT^l^ ' "^yßaalshes Sarensss and CT«rstje_j.^^a\
■ •5 i 5^ *»eer» the spirits and Vlt>?ltes _*_," J
' y^sfZ-- r xi. ■-.* tame. Safe, Bare and TsfflT
! Absolutely narmless. One SO cut box will
complete a etire in ordinary cases. "
"sTflP*? AM PAIM SOLI> BY A ' u - DRrceisT*.
0 I vi 0 ALL rMin or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt
I IN 10 MINUTES ThePeriVetaCa.raitsnßlite.
Sold by Owl Drug Co., B. F. and Oakland.
flrft Chic-ester's Eng!la_i D!a_ao=d Bran 1. '* -
P Chichester's English Olaaoad
ENNYROYAL PILLS
P sHS***"- Original and Only Genuine. ▲
>"rfnv\ nan. a;-ays reiiaSie. l-dics aa_ _a\
A^lJr^am. Dru^jiit Itor OHc\e,tcri £m(u» Da- AW
t^*&&*aW*K^' ''-- 9'tir.i -.a Red and Unli _»tal.!c\^Jr
T-v — Ok-JWsoiss. sealsd with bios riSboa. Take VSr
I*S -S^ «SfJ no ether. Re***, Amjsrsvs su&sttcu- V
I"/ — ijr tun* tnd imitation,. At {gists, or sent <«.
I t» Jf Is stamps for particulars, testimaolaU as
\ tf B " Relief for Ladles," in letur, >, retara
A ff MalL 10.060 T»«inion;«:t. fma. Ftp-r.
> *-~'7 Chemical Co..M«dla<-» fc«_r-!»
It-*, by aii Local Jra«lsts. PHII.«.I»A_ fA
"S^^^-S-^-^ißs* BJs ** Is * ncn-Fclsosc^
a/jam\\\\\\\W^^^^uSam **?"* a '» d "*L for Gonorrhoea,
_^^^CCREB^H Oleet. Spermatorrhoea,
Via us iayt.^l Whites, unnatural dia-
B^3 Cc»r»a*sd V charges, or any inflammi-
*!•_( not to sais-.sre. tion, irritation or aleera-
|»JPrsTeaa contagion. tion of mucous mem-
t7sl**HS-m'3 CHE-'CK Ca bra n*»- Non-aatringenu
mA:«:<<<.* : M I *•■**■ •»"** ** i <-***
C. 3. _ _JSI ? r * ar iQ Plain wrapper,
<t^9__^7 ~ Ji&iM by eicreys, prepaid, for
'<_*%■ __ta_*_^^ 0l _a 1 1 -* 1 - or J bottles, t5.75.
r % ■ Circular sent oa »p_efc
1112
BUCKWA MOWS
DOWN ANOTHER
WORLD'S RECORD
Two and One-Quarter
Miles in 3:51. -.".;
A GRAND PERFORMANCE
CAPTURES THE ATHENIAN CLUB
STAKES.
Hidden to Victory by "Skeets" Mar-
Favorites in Bad Form at Oak-
Bernardillo Equaled a ;
California Mark.
The lons standing record for two and a
quarter miles of :i:st"'",. made by those
doughty turf heroes of long ago. Preak
ness and Springbok, when they ran their
memorable dead heat at "Saratoga on July
12, 1575, was badly fractured .it Oakland
yesterday. It remained for Ed Purser's
honest old gelding, Buckwa, to accom
plish the feat. The big son of Buckra
showed a clean set of els to Daisy F,
Veto*, and Wheel of Fortune in the
Athenian Club selling stakes, and set the
mark at 3:51. Old-timers said it was the
• best performance they ever witnessed,
arid prophesy that the record will become
moldy ana covered with cobwebs ere it
is again lowered.
And Purser's horse was not the favored
one in the betting. The smart ones said
Daisy F would do the trick, and the big
Saturday crowd took the "hunch," send
ing the Riley filly to the post favorite In
the betting. Opening up on even terms,
tlie odds against Buckwa drifted back
until 2 to 1 was obtainable. "Skeets"'
"Martin's instructions were evidently to go
out in the lead with "Buck" and race his
held to a standstill. He did it. and in a
commanding fashion. At no stage of the
Journey was he pressed, and passed the
wire almost an easy winner, four lengths
ahead of the favorite. Veloz, which ran
an astonishingly good race and also bet
tered the oIU record, was third, fifteen
lengths in advance of weary Wheel of
tune.
When the time was announced the win
ner and his rider were tendered an ova
tion. The fractional time was as follows;
tine mile. 1:41%; one and a half miles,
_:o2V. one and three-quarter miles, _:SS-**',;
two miles. 3:20; two and a quarter miles,
3:51.
It was a great day's racing throughout.
In the third event th. hooded Bernardillo
«-.|tia!ed it.. California record of 1:46-S4 for
one mile and a sixteenth, and in the spin
over the Futurity course Mary Black
gave the sprinters a mark of LOO I ', to
shoot at. The favorites fared badly;
Jinks and Shasta Water turning up as
the only winning ones. However, most of
the horses that did lead their fields out
■wore backed, and tin- bookmakers laid
away little coin.
Shasta Water, a :; to 5 chance, with
'J rpe up. easily annexed the lirst event
decided, at. seven furlongs. Taking the
.id In the stretch, she passed the judges
Three lengths before Kamsin.
The ring took no liberties with Pat
Dunne's fast filly. Jinks, holding her a
1 to 3 favorite for the six furlong run
that follow.-. Away third, she soon
showed in front, but at the end. owing to
the flash of gayety displayed by lie*
Nichols, only beat Dr. Sheppard a short
head. Rainier, grotesquely piloted by
D. McCarthy, was third.
It was not Cromwell's day, even though
the chestnut horse did make a determined
bid tor the mile and a sixteenth selling
affair. Ruling an even money favorite he
was downed handily at the finish by iW
pardillo, ridden by Charley Thorpe. The
winner was at one stag.- of the betting
quoted at 5 to i. The three-year-old
Hardly finished a clove third.
An exceedingly fast cluster of sprinters
•was gathered in the sprint over
the Futurity course, fifth on the menu.
Rubicon, with Martin up. was made fa
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Saturday, Dec. 31, 1898. — Twenty
ninth day of the California Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine; tracK
fast. ..'■■-••*'"
3 A MURPHY. Presiding Judge.
JAMKS J;. FEaGUSON, Starter.
44e3«. I ''' n>T UAc '•' s ' Vl "" furlongs; seHing; four-year-olds and upward; purse, ?300.
nd \ dorse. .\-". Welj
Uni.
'-.m.
■\m.
Str.
Jockeys.
Betting,
Op. CI.
42« Hiiista Water 4....10. .'. 5 '(. 3h 21 11 13 [Thorpe 3-5 3-5
Jg McParlane. 8 107 3 3 1 41, : c (', 4:! II Powell .fi 7
42G Mannnllla: .4 107 4■■e 2H 11 Ii 3 1 4 - Devln . 15 V)
423 Frank Jaubert. 6.. .107 r. 4h ■ / 7.J 7 2 5 2 Rfi McNlchola "i! ' 4 ' -
gj OMota • 1.>7 1 S X • <■- ,62 Ruttfr 0 !'..::: 20 CO
429 Eventide, 6 107 2 1 I<4 21, 614 7 2 7 3 J. Power. 20 100
411 I - r ""°- * _--I')7| S 7 1 s_l 6h, 8 S Roach A 0 _j5
xi Time- 1;- :13 ' i: *»• :37Vi: 8 »- I:029i: T; ' i;u, winner. Hum. A Waterhouse's b. m. by
Maxim-Tyranny. Good start Won handily. Second and third driving. '
The winner was not bothered much by her company. Kanisln was pocketed part of the
route Frank Jauberl ran a holiday race. O'Fleta is a sulk..-. •
A(I SECOND RACE-Six furloni;,; all ares; purse. *400.
nd \ >I rse vl- • Weight.
St.
! 4 m.
'.'m.
s im.
Str.
Jockey*.
[Betting.
'Op. ci.
(375) links ' 2 ■ 013 ... 11 14 11 ma iMcNicho'ls ... 1-5 1-3
43T. DiySheppanl. \4 122 1 ... !h. 21 23 2JO Turner 1 1 4 4
4?^ Rainier, ! PI 5 ... m v r, 1 3h 3 » |D McCarthy 1 <! 1-
-413 HrIHrOKO. G 122 2 ... 4 4 3ij 4 1 "42 O. WMsnn " R w
<» ™" r S 2 94 6 ... " - 6»4 r> 1 I.Toe Weber!::: 20 fin
«J2 Defender, 4 119 U—• it 4 1 - 3 - 1 \\ Powell - :::: im mn
• *"'» ■• ■■!.«■•!:. 2 54'_7 . . . _ 5 ',4 C 2 J 1 iDevin 30 40
Timp-U, ,-"■: *i. :« : \. 1:14. Winner. P.' Dunne's b. r. by Imp. Albert-Hoodoo. Good
start. Won cleverly. Second and third driving. '
.links was "honied" out. Dr. Sheppani will take some beating from now on. McCarthy
astride Rainier, did everythlne but fall off. - "cwinny,
H<ratched-Oulldor 114. DunpralTC 94, Master Buck JS.
.47 THIRD HVK one and a sixteenth miles: selllnc; three-yea r-olfls and upward;
I
n.lf\-. Horse. A^e. WeiKht.lst. Btd.
Vfcm.
\im.
ftr.
Fin.
I •
Jockeys.
ttlnar.
Cl.
341 nernardillo, 4 ld2J X r. . 2li 2n 2 T-§ ilh 11 Thorpe * 4 79"
4r. < Cromwell. 5 108J 1 12 12 11 11 1 21" ?2 II Martin 11
4X-, Hardly. 3 102 4 2 1 M 5 4 2 3 2 310Iw H Martin 3' 9-'
(4*o Robert P,onner. .1021 2 3 1 4h 4 1 5 5 . 4n ll.' Powell I 6 10
1 435 < Our i Climate. B.'tTn-.IOSI 3mc i 34 6 In M 42 6 [Ttutter '.'.'.\ 10 20 •
Time— l-16, "■'■■>■ r.-16, :31;9-lfi. :55':; 13-16. 1:20**: mile. i;4.r^- 1 1-16 m.. 1:46'/. Winner
,1 Toffev's b. c- by Emperor of folk- Jennie B. Good start. Won cleverly. Second and
third drivintr. - . •■■„■ ■
, nernnrdlllo wtm like n stake horse Favorite tired the last part. Hardly ran her race
Scratched — Mamie (J 102. ■■*«.
/4C |-"i-KTii RACK-Two and a quarter "mil's; three-year-olds and upward; the"
•ttO* Athenian Club selllnp stakes; value JIBWI.
I
1! r»e. A«p. Weielit. Kt. Im. 1" : m. Him.
2m.
Sir.
Fin.
Jockeys.
[Op.
: tine
a.
':«'> Vtuckwa. n. IMI 1 . I 11
020) Palsy F. 3 S7 1 3 :: 2
tvi Veloa. 4 WM 4 .-.;
« ■:: W. of Fortune. C... K. 2 2 '•..
1 r,
2 2
4
1 V4_
1 4
2 2
I 6
4
I 2>i
I C
4
1 2
2 4
30
4
1 4 Ih. Martin. l 7-.1
2 C IDevin ! 7-;,
313 11. Powell.. .1 10
4 vi Woods . I 3
9-.i
3-2
0
Time— lm. 1:41%: Vim. 2:32%: Htm. 2:88%: 2m. 3:;.">: 2 1 4 m. 3:51. Winner F, W Pur ■
*er's b. R. by Buckra-Wp Wa. Good start. Won easily. Second and thlrdF drivin'r '
Ruefcwa raced his He'd to a standstill. The Wheel was a disappointment '
Scratched— Sardonic 8?. .
. ' — : — . „ — ___
9 FIFTH HACK- Futurity course (170 feet less than six furlongs); three-veur-o1d«
• and upward: purse. liWi. . '
ndex Horse. Age, Welitht.
Mm.
'4m.
?im.
Sir.
•CI.
r.S Mary Black, 3 I'M 1 1 ... 12 14 IS IB I.T. Reiff.... 5-«> 70
SO Montgomery. 5 ....114i2 ... 22 2 4 22 :»; (Thorpe .... c .?
... A l. use. 5 117 « •. ... 43 41 4 1.4 34 (Turner .... I ? ri
253 Rubicon, a 1171 5 ... ' R) r. 2 SI 4h IH. Martin...: 2 Slr
... o-fv.nnoll, a 1141 4 ... si SI 31 r. 3 I W. Dean" !12 is
•H'> Novla. 3 ....100! 6 ... C 6. 6 6 I Powell l__. ....'.'. j 30 BO
Tim.- :21; ',».* **: *>». I'M 1 -*: short **. l:09«. Winner." K. Wlshard's b. f by imn"
Islington-Songstress. Fair start. "Won easily. Second arid third driving. "
The start cave the race to the winner. Abuse will about win next time out Ruhlrnn
was away none, too well. O'Connell was short. ' "" ."
AEL C\ SIXTH RACE— Five furlongs: nil ages; purse. $400.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. Ist. '»ra. Km. *' t m. Rtr. Fin. j Jockeys. Op. l el."
... Maud Ferpuson, 2.. 101 1 1 ... 13. 1 V.i 11. 12 ]}I. Martin.... Xi f~2
(412) Miss Marlon. 2 Pfil 4 ... . 2 2 2 1 214 2 h I.T. Ward I 3-5 3-,
424 r.lmewater, 2 1021 2 ... 4 1 31. 3 4 312 ißeauchamp I 4 '4
441 - ReiMle T<eo. * 3 1061 B ... 314 42" 4 1 4 2 IThorpe .... I "5 40
£1 IJttle TG. 3...... 10611 ... 510 *15 Sl2 Rl2 IBuchnnan ....! 100 300
312 Bill Howard a IB>| 6 ... 6 ?_____? 6 IDlngley ; |«o 100
• Time— %. :IS; %. :3.".' 2 S. l:00U. Winner. T. O. Fergruson's b. f. by Prince Royal-Bluo
Hood. Bad start. Won cleverly. Second and third driving.
Martin on the winner outrode and outjockeyed the- others, ehe la a stake Oily at that.
to,
'-m.
"SJm.
Str.
Jockeys.
a.
BUCKWA, H- MARTIN Up, at tbe Finish of His Great Record-Breaking Feat.
vorite, with Fred Foster's Abuse next in
demand. There was a genteel play on
Mary Black Hearing the close, and her
friends cashed their tickets. Sent away
■ sailing, she led throughout, winning
hands down from Montgomery. The fa
vorite was beaten for the show by Abuse'
In the final. five furlong scramble for all
! ages Barney Schreiber's highly educated
filly. Miss Marion, had her colors lowered
by Maud Ferguson, the crack of Garnet
Fergusons string. The latter outbroke
her field, and never relinquishing the lead
finished two lengths before the favorite
at the wire in the fast time of 1:00 V*.
Turf Notes. '
Buckwa has been trained for all of his
recent races by William Murry, and the '
portly Sacramento horseman Is certainly
entitled to much praise for the superb
form shown by the aged gelding. •
'/.eke Abrahams and Muse Rafael, both
well-known In turfdom, engaged in an al
tercation in front of a Keamy-street
cigarstand yesterday morning. Tin- ar
gument arose over a "ticker" that a pool
room habitue had borrowed some coin on.
Zeke had a big pull in the weights, and it
looked dubious for Mose until he dis
covered a friendly looking pile of full- i
sized carmine brick. After tossing two of
them. Moses "glass arm" went back on
him and be reached for what Zeke sup
posed to be a razer. Friends of the
latter say now that any time Harry
Bethune of sprinting fame heads this way
he needn't leave town looking for
a match. When Zeke later on pulled up ;
at a less noisy corner a friend informed
him that Mose's entire armament con- '
sisted of only an under-sized jackknife.
Feeling to see if a four-karat stone was
still reposing on his marble front. Zeke
said: ••Wei], what do you think, of that
guy? 1 thought he could go some."
Park Music.
The Golden Gate Park Hand, weather? per
mitting, will render the following special pro
gramme to-day at the Park, commencing at
.' ]>. m.: • ■_• .
Festival march from "Tannhauser".... Wagner
Overture, "Circe" Wet t
"Pasquinade" Gottschalk
"< >fTenbachlana' ' ;. . ..Offenbach
Cavatlna from "Bellsario" (solo tor bary
tone).... Donizetti
Overture. "Merry Wives of Windsor"... Nicola)
Descriptive Fantasia, drinking a rig, "Four
O'clock In the Morning" I\appey
Paraphrase on "Home. Sweet Home" ..Nelil
Two-step, "The Belle of Honolulu". Loo Johnson
f" Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-K*23 Mission.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 1, 1899.
COURSING THAT
PLEASED MANY
SPORT LOVERS
A Good Betting Crowd
at Ingleside.
SAPLINGS THAT CAN'T BE BEAT
PRINCE GEORGE AND SHYLOCK
BOY GOOD PERFORMERS.
•' ~ ~~ •
The Great All-Age Seventy-Two Dog
Stake Will Attract an Im
mense Crowd to the
; Park To-Day.
Considering that a Dawson City zephyr
swept' across the Ingleside Park Coursing
demesne yesterday, causing many a good
patron of the game of turn and kill to
visit Dr. D. Shannon's headquarters at
regular Intervals, the attendance at the
Inaugural day's meeting of the three
stake events" was tolerably fair.
Th.- coursing was unusually good as the
hares, during cold snaps invariably run
with a dash and vim ■ that stirs up the
blood in the veins of the natural-born
leash'men. '.
. Yesterday ' was devoted to the run
down and the first round of the
sapling ami puppy stakes, and as
there will be coursing to-day and to-mor
row the director generals of the park
have decided to. hold only a round of
each stake,, which will., consist of the
puppy, sapling . and all-age. In. other
words there will be held forty-three runs
to-day and forty-two to-morrow. The
total number of courses during the three
days' meeting is 126. As there are seven
ty-two dogs entered for the all-age stake,
It is but reasonable. to suppose that the
sport of. to-day will be of very high class
order. •".•.. •
J. .-ashmen will remember that owing to
the length of the programme the first
course will be called at 10:30 sharp this
morning, and according to a decision ar
rived at during a recent meeting of club
officers entries under the heading of ken
nels will be abolished In futon least
so far as the Ingleside Park Is concerned.
Intelligent leaahmen understand that un
limited fraud and deception* can be prac
ticed by alleged sportsmen who enter
theirs or some other person's dogs under
the name of so-and-so's kennels. To pre
vent trickery in this direction dogs must
be entered In future under the names of
their respective owners.
The sport to-day should certainly be of
a very high quality, as tin- dogs entered
for the all-age stake are crackajacks.
The result of yesterday's coursing Is
as follows:
Sapling stake— Result of run-down: Rock
Island ltoy beat Flrenzl 11. score 11-9; Ter
ronite beat St. Rome, score 12-4; St. Ellen beat
Miss Rabbit, score 3-2; Silent Treasure beat
Mary Ann, score 7-5; Ijexington beat Night
Time, score 6-1; Ever Sure beat Mary Pleasant,
score 12-10; Hell of Anderson beat Winning
Ways, score 12-6: Brlndle Rom beat Kitty Pa
sha, score 32-1; Warrior beat Hot Mast.-, score
16-0; Maggie N beat Loiterer, score 52-2; Gre
nada beat Wine West, score 9-4; Tiger Lily
beat Pedro, score 7-1; Miss Richmond beat Cash
Day, score 21-1; Minnie II beat Ripley Boy,
score 3-2' Baby King beat Terronette, sore
22-0.
First round— Rock Island King beat Terron
lte, score 1.'.-l St. Ellen beat Silent Treasure,
score 5-4; -Lexington beat Ever Sure, score 17-5;
Bell of Anderson beat Brlndle Rose, score
24-0: Warrior beat Maggie, score 5-2: Tiger Lily
beat Granada, score 13-5; Miss Richmond beat
Minnie 11, score 10-0; Baby King had a bye
with Ripley Boy.
Puppy stake, rundown— Lady Gllmore beat
Colonel Dan. score 10-0; Wolfe Tone beat Nancy
Lee, score 6-4; Loyalty beat lowa Boy, score
6-2; Prince George beat Arab, score 31-9; Black
Hawk beat St. Mary, score 5-2 ] ,i: Rustan beat
Hair Brain, score 6-1; Scot beat Florence, score
7-3; Conqueror beat Fair Florence, score 11-5;
Shylock Boy beat Lalla Rookh, score 5-0; Miss
Skyball beat White Wedge, score 9-4: Wood
bine beat Lady Marion, score 9-6; Maid of
Hill beat Prince Jerome, score 7-1.
First round— Gllmore beat Wolfe 'Tone,
score 10-3; Prince George beat Loyalty, score
5-2: Black Hawk bent Rustan. score 11-2; Con
queror beat Scout.'score 11-9; Shylock Boy beat
Miss Skyball. score 10-2; Maid of Hill beat
Woodbine, score 9-G.
WILL PLAY KEEN
GOLF AT PRESIDIO
ANNUAL CONTEST FOR LIVER-
POOL GOLD MEDAL.
♦ - "
Special Prize Will Be Given for Best
Net Score at 36 Holes in the
Scratch and Handicap
Competitions.
In the men's championship, match play,
of the San Francisco Golf Club, the con
test for which began during the Christmas
holidays. Lieutenant T. G. Roberts defeat
ed J. W.Byrne by one up. H.Babcock, after
tying at eighteen holes with 11. 1.. Good
win, b^at him at the nineteenth, which
was played to decide the tie. Lieutenant
T. G. Roberts drew a bye. The final heat
would have been between H. Babcock and
Lieutenant Roberts, but the latter having
been disqualified by the executive com
mittee for leaving the course before the
completion of the two rounds the final
heat will now he between J. W. Byrne
and H. Babcock, and will be played,: off
on Monday, January 2. The: winner will
be the club champion at match play. ','••"? •'•*
Monday, . will be a great day, on" the.
Presidio links. Not only is the final heat
for the match play championship to be
Played off, but also the contest for the
Liverpool gold medal and that for the
Liverpool silver medal. The Liverpool
gold medal is competed for annually and
is held for one year by the winner. It
carries with it the club championship at
medal play. The Liverpool silver medal
is competed for each month and is held
by the winner for one month. Play for
the gold medal will begin at 10 a. m. sharp
and play for the silver medal at 2 p. m.
sharp. No competitor will be allowed to
start for the gold medal after 11:30 a. m.
Several prizes are on hand in the club
house, among them being a combined
golf club and dress-suit case, an um
brella with a handle in the form of a
silver-mounted brassie, a dark oak cup
bound with silver and having three silver
handles and other articles of virtu. The
loving cup will 1..- presented to the player
making the best net score at 36 boles, the
scores for the IS holes of the gold medal
competition and for the IS holes of the
silver medal competition being added to
gether. The gold medal contest is a
scratch one, while the silver medal com
petitors are handlcaped.
C. F. Mullins recently made two rounds
in 57 and 5."); G. 1.. Cadwalader made on. In
S6, and Athol .Mi Mean one in 59. On De
cember 29 Miss Bee Hooper made one
round in 60; Miss Ethel Hooper and Miss
Eleanor Wood also went round the
course, but made no returns. On Decem
ber 30 Miss Genevieve Carolan made 9
holes in 101; Miss Therese [-(organ went
round in 103, and Miss M. B. Ugh ton,
winner of the Winslow medal at the last
contest, in 71.
OVER '_HE TENNIS NET.
To-Morrow's Tournament Will Bring
Out Some Fine Play.
During the last two days there have
been several good games on the courts
of the California Lawn Tennis Club. The
scores of tin- principal contests arc given
below:
<;. "Whitney and .1. Dally beat R. Whit
ney and George Bradshaw, 3 sets to 2.
A. Chesebrough'beat Grant Smith, 3—
6—3. &— 4, 4—6, 6—3.
Barclay Henley Jr. beat Duval Moore,
6-4, 7-6.
W. S. McGavln beat H. Walter, 6—l, 6-2,
6-1, 6-2. • -7 -;. ; ,,
The round robin tournament to be held
to-morrow, the entries for which close at
4 this afternoon, is expected to be a lively
one.
EIKES OUTPEDDLES GIBSON.
Five Thousand People See the Races
at Madison Square Garden.
NEW YORK, Dec. 31.— Over 5000 persons
braved the storm to-night and attended
the series of cycle races which were run
over the board track at Madison Square
Garden under (he auspices of the Amer
ican Cycle Racing Association.
The last event of the programme was a
ten-mile paced race between Harry D.
Bikes of Glen Falls, N. v.. and Harry
Gibson of Cincinnati. Elkes conceded a
start of forty-live seconds to the little
rider and each was paced by tandem
teams. With a start of forty-five seconds
Gibson was a little over three laps to the
good when Bikes went after him. After
riding a mile and a half Bikes caught up
with Gibson, and in the next mil.- Bikes
gained a lap on the Ohio boy, who did
not seem to be able to follow his pace
makers. When they had covered four
and a half miles Bikes got on even terms
with his opponent and at the end of the
sixth mile was over a lap ahead. Gibson
kept manfully to his work, hut Kikes was
too much for him. F.lkes had gained a
lead of three laps In the eighth mile and
at the finish was four and a half laps
ahead. Bikes' actual time for the ten
miles was 80:88 1-5. Summaries:
Five-mile tandem pursuit race, professional-
First heat won by Nat Butler and Frank But
ler of Boston: Charles Turvilte and Clem Tur
vllle, Philadelphia, second. Distance, 7% laps.
Time, 1:32 1-5.
Second heat won by Dan and Joe Kramer of
Chicago; John I*wsnn and Ivan Law-son of
Minneapolis, second. Distance, in% laps. Time,
2:!.". 2-5.
Final heat won by Nat and Frank Butler:
Daniel and Joe Kramer, second. Distance, 6-? i
laps. Time, 1:22 3-5.
One mile handicap, professions! First heat
won by Harry Terrill. .San Francisco, 40 yards;
It. A. Miller, New York, 30 yards, second.
Time, 2:12. .' : .-
Second heat -won by C. S. Henshaw. Brooklyn,
GO yards; E. Leonard, Buffalo, second, 80 yards.
Time, 2:11 4-5.
Third heat won by Ivan Lawson, Minneapolis,
tO yards; Al New-house, Buffalo, 30 yards, sec
ond. Time. 2:16 1-."..
Final heal won by Aly NewhouW; Harry Ter
rill, second; E. Leonard, third. Time, 2:12.
Mariti's Form Reversal.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. Mariti won
the stake feature of to-day's card, the
New Year's handicap. The last time out
on Thursday. Marklein's mare finished
last In a field greatly inferior to to-day's.
As pood as 12 to 1 was laid against her
chances. She won very cleverly. McCaf
ferty's pair, the favorites, finished third
and sixth, respectively. Not a favorite
won. Results:
First race, six furlongs— What Next won, W.
C. "i". second, High Jinks third. Time. 1:15.
Second race, live furlongs, handicap Sir
Florlan won, Ben Lodi second, Mr. Johnson
third. Time. 1:01.
Third race, one and three-sixteenths miles,
selling— Judge Steadman won, Traveler second.
Bequeath third. Time. 2:01?;.
Fourth race. New Year handicap, one mile—
Mariti won, Blue Away second, Sailor King
third. Time, 1:42%. .-; ■•..-. : "i
Fifth race, mile anil seventy yards, selling-
Jackanapes won. Friar John second. Official
third. Time 1:47';,. -
Elopes to Be Married.
Herman "VVesterfeld Jr. and Zelda Ray
mond, after spending a night in the City
Prison following their elopement to Stock
ton, were glad to be released yesterday
morning. Herman's father called at the
prison and took the young man home, and
a few minutes later Mrs. Raymond called
for her repentent daughter. The couple
will be married Tuesday afternoon at 1
o'clock at the home of the bride's parents,
1033 Golden Gate avenue. V' : .\"V''
His Services Appreciated.
Bailiff Kelly of Judge Conlan's court
has been reappointed and will serve In
that capacity for the next two years.
This will be the fourth term that he has
ben bailiff of the court, the longest on
'record, ana he has performed his duties
not only to the satisfaction of the Judge,
but' to all those who have had business
ia the court
SEATTLE HAS A
WHITE CHALK
MARK IT LAST
Won the First Game
From Santa Cruz.
PLAYED GOOD BASEBALL
THE VISITORS ARE JUBILANT
AND HAPPY.
Fine Fielding by Both Teams and
Steady Pitching Keep a Small
Crowd Cold for an
Hour.
"Tacks" Parrott filled himself with air
and Eighth and Harrison dust yester
day ' afternoon and became mentally
aberrated. That Is why Seattle won the
game from Santa Cruz, which perform
ance is the first erasure on the blotted
escutcheon of the northerners since their
arrival in the city. They scored four
runs, and as their opponents sent but
three men across the rubber they won the
game. 7 . -J
"Tacks" set the pace for the exercise
of critical eyes. At one time he wanted
the game stopped because Fitzgerald's
hand was off the base, although the ball
was on it, but in this he did not receive
the support or fortifying nod of "Stoutty"
Doyle, and the game went on. It was
this show of energy, coupled with an
excess of mental and pedal motion that
set an example for the Seattle team and
left the Cruziana panting In cold baseball
frenzy.
Seattle came all the way from the
North to teach the surf-bathers how a
game can be won on three hits against
six of the other fellows. In the first in
ning Santa Cruz sent Donlin and Dcvi -
reaux home and "Manager Doyle- forgot for
the moment to stamp his feet and smash
his hands together. But his Christ
misery was punctured when his own boys
came to the bat and Kleibe and Clarke
evened up the score.
There was nothing doing in the next
inning except by the spectators, who
shouted, stamped and looked wise to keep
warm. In the fourth Kleibe scored an
other run, which was ballanced in the
eighth by a run for Santa Cruz. Seattle
then X-rayed Whalen's curves and Hop
kins was credited with the winning run.
The game was the best seen from the
visitors, tbe fielding good and the work
of both pitchers up to the handle. The
score Is as follows:
SANTA CRUZ.
AH. R. BH. SB. PO. A. K.
Williams, p.. c 3 0 0 0 10 1
Donlin, c. t 4 ? 2 0. l 0,0
Devereaux, 3 b 4 12 0 0 30
.-mil,. 1. f 4 0 10 _ 0 0
Cameron, 2 b 4 0 0 0 1 2 2
Pace, c 4 0 0 0 2 0 1
Buixe. r. f 4 0 10 6 0 0
Fitzgerald, lb 4 0 0 1 11 0 0
Whalen, p 3 0 0 0 0 5 0
Total 34 3 6 1 21 10 4
SEATTLE.
AH. H. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Babbit, s.is 3 0 0 0 5 1 0
Anderson, 2 1, 4 0 0 0 0 4 0
Hopkins, I. f 3 10 0 112
Parrott, 1 b 4 0 0 0 » 1 0
Kiel 3 b 3 2 10 2 5 0
Clarke, c. t 3 10 0 0 0 0
( ' 1 lea, r. t 2 0 0 0 2 d 1
Hartman, c 3 0 2 0 8 2 0
Andrews, p 3 0 0 0 0 2 1
Total 28 4-3 0 27 *16 4
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Santa Cruz 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 o—3
Base hits 2 0 0 0 10 12 o—6
Seattle ft 2 0 10 0 0 1 •— 4
Base hits 0 0 0 2 0 0 10 •—
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Andrews 1. Whalen 1.
Three-base hit— Donlin. Two-base hits—
Kleibe, Hartman, Burse, Devereaux. First
base on errors— Santa Cruz 3, Seattle 3. First
base on called balls— Santa Cruz I, Seattle 3.
Left on bases— Santa Cruz 5, Seattle 5. Struck
out By Andrews 7, by Whalen 2. Double
Anderson to Hartman. Andrews to
Klenber, Hopkins to Babbit. Hit by pitcher—
ODes Time of game — One hour and forty-five
minutes. Umpire — James McDonald. J. Wil
liam Stapleton, official scorer.
The same teams will play to-day at 2
p. m., Borchers in the box for Santa Cruz,
SUPREME COURT CHANGES.
Deputy R. A. Marshall Appointed as
Secretary to the Justices.
When the doors of the Supreme Court
open for business on Tuesday many old
faces will be seen among the deputies and
other subordinates, although the head of
the clerical department will be changed.
T. H. "Ward will turn the office over to
<;. W. Root, the successful Republican
candidate for Clerk of the Supreme Court.
Mr. Ward steps down credited with the
kindliest of feelings on the part of the
Justices of the court. He will not leave
at once as Mr. Root wishes to have his
services for some time yet, aria" Mr. Ward
has been appointed temporarily as a dep
uty. Another of the old force is A. W.
Johnson, who made a strong fight in the
last campaign for Root. He is billed for
head deputyshlp. E. S. Butter worth, who
has been in the office for a long time, is
also to be retained. J. J. Duncan Is an
other deputy on the list. 'William M.
Ward Is also retained, with every pros
pect of being permanent. He will be in
the office at Los Angeles and his father,
T. H. Ward, will go to the Sacramento
office. Mr. Root has appointed his sister,
Miss Iff. A. Root, as one of his deputies,
but the appointment is understood to bo
only temporary.
Probably the best pleased employe in
the Clerks Office at the turn things have
taken is Deputy Clerk R. A. Marshall.
Everybody thought he was booked to
walk the political plank, but something
happened yesterday. Mr. Marshall was
called Into the court and informed by the
court that his services were too valuable
to have him the victim* of political fate,
He was appointed to the position of sec
retary to the court, with a fair salary
t«>>^+<-">+<^""«-^«t^ *»»"»-r»t<Mj
■4
4
■f
THOMAS MORTON. JOHN HEDLEY. 4-
%
4-
Western I
°* Foundry. 1
MORTON & HEDLEY, |
Proprietors. +
X
■4
234 FREMONT STREET, |
Bet. Howard and Folsom. «•
CASTINGS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION 4-
•
MADE TO ORDER. ♦
<s>
4
<$>
yyvy y.y- -yy- 4
* J db*s±**fc*?*****-^
'•— ' ■ ' ' — — : "'
attached. He fills a vacancy made by the
appointment of L. H. Washburne as
stenographer. Mr. .' Marshall's new place
takes him | out of politics and promises
Indefinite permanency. His long service
In the clerical line has fitted him well for
his new position. Tie was Deputy Clerk
of the Supreme Court for four years
under Clerk Ward, and previous. to taking
that office ne served under Mr. Ward as
Deputy County Clerk of Los Angeles.
STATUE OF JAMES LICK.
California to Do Honor to Its Philan
thropic Pioneer. 7/
The Society of California Pioneers has
takefi the Initiative In a movement for the
erection In Golden Gate Pai'k of a- monu
meat to the memory of the late James
Lick. At a recent- meeting of the society
a resolution was passed in which it "was
recited that Lick in his lifetime had be
queathed to the city and State and to a
number -of semi-public organizations
sums of money aggregating $3,000,000 for
the benefit of the people. It was thought
that the least the people could' do in re
turn would he to erect a suitable statue
of the philanthropist, and that this should
be done by the Legislature. In order to
start the movement it was decided to ask
the co-operation of the regents of the
university and the Academy of Sciences,
which Lick created.
These bodies at once complied with the
request and a meeting was held at which
the following' representatives were an
nounced: :-yy[:
Pioneers— President of the Society of Califor
nia Pioneers, Hon James D. Phelan, Mayor of
the city of San Francisco; A. W. Yon
Schmidt, John 11. Jewett, E. B. Vreeland.
University Regents— W. T. Wallace, E. A.
Denike, 11. S. Foote, T. G. Phelps, A. Rod- •
gers.
Academy of Sciences -W. H. Crocker, AY. M.
I'ierson, <". 11. Foote, Professor AA'itte, G. W.
Dickie.
These will meet soon and prepare a
suitable memorial to the Legislature,
which . will, be presented at once. It is
the wish of the promoters of the move
ment to have the statu.- unveiled on Sep
tember 9, i9oo, the commencement of the
twentieth century and the fiftieth anni
versary of the admission of California as
a State into the Union.
NEW CLUB OFFICERS ELECTED.
Improvements in Precita Valley Be
ing Pushed With Vigor.
At the regular weekly meeting of the
Precita Valley improvement Club last
Friday night the following officers were
elected: J. li. Vizzard, president; John T.
Graham, vice president; H. Young, sec
retary; William McCarthy, treasurer; and
William McCreany, sergeant at arms.
The executive committee of the club
was selected from among the most active
and energetic workers of the district.
They are as follows: John T. Graham, J.
B. Vizzard, David Goggin, Carl Peterson,
S. A. Byrne, J. E. O'Brien and John lav
den. To these men the club is indebted
for much of its success in getting from
the Supervisors the many Improvements
for the district. Among the latest is that
of getting an appropriation for the im
provement of Bernal Park, which site
stands in the center of the space between
Precita avenue, north and south.
The contractor who has had the lob to
grade and build the sewer on Bryant
street came in for a scoring at the meet
ing, as he has failed and has kept others
from bidding on th.- work, which is con
sidered as one of the greatest means for
bettering the sanitary condition of the
section. As a relief, however, the con
tract will 1..- taken from him and relet at
the next meeting of the Board of Super
visors. *
MINE HOST'S LIABILITY.
A Cazadero Landlord Will Have to
Stand Heavy Damag-es.
Several years ago there was a bad acci
dent on the road between Cazadero and
Fort Ross, in which a party of pleasure
seekers were dumped Into the road and
more or less injured. An action for dam
ages was begun by Mrs. Emma A. Tomp
kins and the others to recover damages
from George S. Montgomery, who was the
proprietor of a hotel and livery stable in
Cazadero. Tho injured people were all
guests at the hotel, and the order for the
rig and driver, was given at the - hotel
office. The foundation for the complaint
in the action was that the driver was in
competent and the rig unsafe, hence the
proprietor was responsible for the acci
dent. The defense was that the rig was
th.- property of another, and that tho
driver, Joy, was no employe of the de
fendant.
In the lower court the plaintiffs ob
tained damages, and the case was appealed
to the Supreme Court. The Justices held
with the lower court that Montgomery
was liable for the damages sustained, as
It was In his hotel that the rig was or
dered, the guests giving directions as to
what they wanted and leaving the de
tails to the host. They agreed to Mont
gomery's terms of hire and other ex
penses; hence he was clearly liable.
A DELAYED INQUEST.
End of the Sonderup Case in Which
Dr. Kuhlman Figured.
The inquest into the death of Jens W.
Sonderup, believed to have been killed in
a street-car accident on April 23, 1896, was
resumed yesterday by Coroner Hawkins,
after a rest of nearly two years. The in
quest had been interrupted by the refusal
of one of the witnesses. Dr. Charles G.
Kuhlman, to answer certain questions put
by Dr. Hawkins In his capacity as Coro
ner. Kuhlman was committed for con
tempt and appealed to the Supreme Court,
which tribunal recently rendered an opin
ion that th.- Coroner had no right to com
mit for contempt. The jury yesterday
rendered a verdict tnat owing to lack of
evidence they were unable to say in what
manner the deceased came to his death.
BRIDLE ROAD IN THE PARK.
It Will Be Extended for a Mile— New
Rhododendrons.
The Park Commissioners met yesterday
and decided to extend the popular bridle
path for a mile beyond its present limit.
W. S. Davis presented Golden Gate Park
with fifty new varieties of rhododendrons
—a gift that was highly appreciated, es
pecially by Park Superintendent McLaren,
who is always looking toward some im
provement for his beloved park.
Suit for Maintenance.
Lizzie Mary Herring has sued her hus
band. Herman 11. Herring, for mainte
nance. Mrs. Herring alleges that her hus
band deserted her two yean ago and has
since failed to contribute to her support.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A POPULAR MISTAKE
Regarding Remedies Tor Dyspep-
sia and Indigestion.
The national disease of Americana is
indigestion or in its chronic form, dys-
pepsia, and for the very reason that It
is so common many people neglect tak-
ing proper treatment for what they
consider trilling stomach trouble, when
| as a matter of fact, indigestion lays the
i foundation for, many incurable dis-
eases. No person with a vigorous,
I healthy stomach ill fall a victim to
consumption. Many kidney diseases
and heart troubles date their beginning
from poor digestion; thin, nervous peo-
ple are really so because their stom-
achs are out of gear; weary, languid,
faded out women owe their condition
to imperfect digestion.
When nearly every person you meet
is afflicted with weak digestion it is not
surprising that nearly every secret pat-
ent medicine on the market claims to
be a cure for dyspepsia, as well as a
score of other troubles, when in fact, as
Dr. Werthier says, there is but one
genuine dyspepsia cure which is per-
fectly sale and reliable, and moreover,
this remedy is not a patent medicine,
but it is a scientific combination of pure
pepsin (free from animal matter), vege-
table essences, fruit salts and bismuth.
It is sold by druggists under name of
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. No extrav-
agant claims are made for them, but for
indigestion or any stomach trouble,
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are far
ahead of any remedy yet discovered.
They act on the food eaten, no dieting
is necessary, simply eat all the whole-
some food you want and these tablets
will digest it. A cure results, because
all the stomach needs is a rest, which
' Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets give by do-
ing the work of digestion.
Druggists sell these tablets at 50 cents
per package. Circulars and testi-
monials sent free by addressing F. A.
Stuart Co., Marshall, Mich.
I V^s-^fl^sv Tumors Cared
\ I KNIFE or PAIN
Jkj Em Wf rsio p *y liE? 11 Cured
tf^ /fjHj WHfc Any lump In a »,;■
L_id wnian's breast is can-
cer, ami it allowed to
set large, never falls
->w I poison the glands
in " ie urm P^- When
*r A^flß^C 1 1 ' ' cancer in the
M mm Ml I!arm pit gets larsre a
J 'cure is impossible.
***""" The face and lower
lip are also very common places for cancer.
80-PAGE BOOK sent free with addresses and
testimonials from hundreds I have cured In
California.
S. R. CHAMLEY, M. D., Office 25 Third st.,
near Market st., San Francisco.
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCER.
Exposure to a sudden cll-BU'JyuP^. .**4L u jH5
malic change produces WBrnrCfic.^ S^^B
COLD IN THE HEAD, W&£ MV^**^
neglect it and catarrh tol-^M^S-fi^i/ "*u, '"I
10w.,. Provided with rHfeffllS^J
Ely's Cream Balm EL $£JR
you are armed against g? >^*> *^
Nasal Catarrh. ssCS-^fel
It quickly cures cold in tilf^ m \\W_^^^V-^9M
Cream Balm Is placed Into the nostrils,
spread over the membrane and is absorbed.
Relief is immediate and a cure follows. It Is
not drying— does not produce sneezing. Large,
&0c: Trial Size, 10c; at Druggists or by mall.
ELY BROTHERS. 56 Warren St., Xew York.
EIGHTEENTH SEMI-ANNUAL
OP THE
MUTUALSAVINGSBANK
OF SAN FRANCISCO,
....No. 33 Post Street....
Capital Stock Subscribed J1.000.000
Of which has been paid ln gold coin.... 300,004
STATEMENT OF THE CONDITION AND
value of the Assets and Liabilities of the
Mutual Savings Bank of San Francisco, a cor-
poration doing business at S3 Post St., City of
San Francisco, State of California, and where
said assets were situated on December 31,
LS9B.
ASSETS. . " : :
Promlsory Notes secured by first mortgages
on Real Estate within this State, Oregoa
and Washington.
The actual value of said Promis-
sory Notes is 11,877,092 63
Real Estate taken for debt 113,3*4 04
United States Bonds 224,630 04
(These bonds are owned and con- . ■
trolled by this corporation and are
kept in the vaults of the National .
Bank of Commerce in New York
City.)
Miscellaneous bonds and stocks 1,041,269 19
Bonds and shares of capital stock
of corporations upon which this
corporation has advanced 132,585 04
(All said promissory notes, bonds
and stock certificates are kept in the
vaults of this corporation and in
Safe Deposit Boxes in the Deposit
Vault Department of the First Na-
tional Bank.) „
Cash ln gold, sliver and currency, —
the actual value of which Is:
In vault 545.979 71
In bank 188,565 11
$234. 83*
Furniture and fixtures 1,000 00
Taxes in advance 2,444 8*
Total assets $3,622,511 43,
LIABILITIES. i ;,
To Depositors this corporation owes
deposits amounting to and the
actual cash value of which is $3,242,598 SI
To Stockholders the amount of capi-
tal paid in. the actual value of
which is 300.000 00
Surplus 54,000 00
(The condition of said liability to
stockholders is that no part of the
amount can be paid to them, or in
any wily withdrawn, except in pay-
ment of losses during the existence
of the corporation, nor until de-
positors shall have been paid in full
the amount of their deposits and de-
clared dividends.)
• Contingent Fund, not including the
amount of accrued but uncollected ■
Interest on investments 36,212 So
Total liabilities $3,632,80 45
MUTUAL SAVING? BANK OF SAN FRAN-
CISCO.
By „
JAMES D. PHELAN, President.
GEORGE A. STORY, Cashier.
State of California, City and County of San
Francis ss.
We do solemnly swear that we have (and
each of us has) a personal knowledge of the
matters contained in the foregoing report, and
that every allegation, statement, matter and
thing therein contained i- true, to the best of
our knowledge and belief.
JAMES D. PHELAN, President-
GEORGE A. STORY, Cashier.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this thir-
ty-first day of December, A. D. IS9S.
r. d. Mcelroy.
Notary Public in and for the City and County
of San Francisco, state of California.
DKM^NULTYr
q*IHIS AY ELL-KNOWN AND reliable old
L Special Ist cures Private, Nervous, and Blood Bis.
pases 0.1 Men only. Book on Private Disease! and
I Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20 y 'rs' experience.
Patients Ci) red at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
to3diilly:6.3o to 8:30 ev'gs.Bundnvs, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and. sacredly confidential. Call, or address
P.«oBroK*llcMl;TY.**f.D.
26!.;* Kearny St., San Francisco. Cal.
-fami IBH and Morphine Habits
Inn cured at home. Write
■IS Ififl lor full particulars and
UI lUlll book free
-"INDIAN OPIUM CURE, R. D. K'MMIS."
201 "lurk St., Sim I.-an.i,. >.
[ Weekly Call, sl.oo per YearALAMEDA COUNTY 3 NEVUS.
77.77.v7 r.vyy . . "■•'-:-* ?.."-..'-"■-." , . v ?'v.'. ' "■:..'■ ,7 y\ ' 7 ■ y'- ■'■ ■ ?&% -yy"
FARRELL NOT
INCONVENIENCED
BY CONVICTION
Battered a Boy and
Took His Dog.
A POLICE COURT FARCE
HIS SENTENCE POSTPONED TO
SUIT HIM.
c-
Young Kelly Pleads Guilty to An
other Crime and Will Spend
New Year's Day
in Jail.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
SOS Broadway, Dec. 31.
Pete Farrell. a deputy pound man who
cruelly beat a lad six weeks ago after
taking his dog from him, is lucky— the
Police Court. He has created the idea
that he has a pull. Over a month ago
he was convicted in the Police Court of
the cowardly assault, and yet lie ha not
been sentenced. The record in his case
16 as follows: He was arrested Novem
ber 25, arraigned the following day and
convicted of battery November 2S. His
case was continued till the next morning
for sentence. When the next morning
came it was continued to December 2.
On December 2 Farrell didn't i'eel like
being sentenced, so he was granted a con
tinuance to December 12. On that date
he sent a message from somewhere that
he had missed his train and could not ap
pear to be sentenced, so his case went
over till the next morning, December 13.
On this date, for no reason given in the
record, Farrell was granted a continu
ance to December 30. On December 30
Farrell sent a doctor's certificate that he
was too sick to appear in court and be
sentenced. So his case was again set over
till January -4 of next year.
On January 4 a new Judge will be on
the bench who knows nothing of the
merits of the case and Farrell's chances
under the circumstances for another con
tinuance until the Judge shall have
learned some of ilia detans will be very
good.
The case was one that admitted of no
. defense. Farrell was taking a dog of a
little boy named Charles de Mousset. The
boy didn't want to see his dog stolen and
t-lie burly pound man battered him. The
evidence was so convincing that Farrell
Was speedily convicted. It is said that
Farrell has an Intimation that his sen
tence will be a tine of $50 and that lie is
tfcylng to catch enough dogs to enable
. him to pay it. This explanation, how
ever. Is not altogether acceptaDle to the
friends of the little boy whim he peat,
•And they are anxiously looking for the
"day when Farrell shall be fittingly pun
■ ished for his crime.
• William Kelly, ,i young lad, charged
with embezzling from Fred Becker, is evi
dently unlucky— in the Police Court. Kelly
pleaded guilty to one of the four charges
a.gaiiibt him to-day and the other charges
'Wfere then dismissed. Attorney Bradford
■:Wfß3ter made a statement to the court
iir-beiiair of the boy, saying that he was
very; jwung and bad got into; evil asso
ciations. A sentence of ninety days in
p"r"l*on was then Imposed. The defend
ant's mother was In court and showed
that site felt very keenly the disgrace her
:'£'oa- I ad brought upon himself, but she
could .not restrain her motherly affection
Jor". m. As lie was being conducted be-
Je«*. she went over and kissed him, say
ing* ."I'm so sorry." This <iuiet demon
stration on her part moved the entire
court room and all wished that the boy
could have been cleared of the charge
and freed. He does not appear to be a
boy of bad instincts, but lias evidently
eimply yielded to evil Influences.
FABIOLA CALENDAR TEA.
Brilliant Function at the Home of
Mrs. W. R. Davis.
OAKLAND, Dec. 31.— One of the most
successful and brilliant functions of the I
kind was the calendar tea given at Mrs.
William R. Davis' Prospect-street resi- !
dence this afternoon for the benefit of
Fabioia Hospital. Mrs. Davis was assist- i
ed In receiving by Mrs. George C. Ed
wards, Mrs. J. a. Folger, Mrs. Ernest
Folger, Mrs. William liruenhagen, Mrs.
Wiillara Barton, Mrs. John Yule, Mrs.
Standeford, Mrs. y. H. Chase, Mrs. T.
C. can, Mrs. Richard Gun iii, Mrs. Mc-
Cabe. Mrs. Keualllard, Mrs. William Clift, '
Mrs. Charles Sutton, Mrs. . Janus Mofiitt.
Mrs. Rem I '"habot. Mrs. Prentiss Selby,
Mrs. A. XV. Burrell, Mrs. Paul Lohse, Mr*.
W. Everson, Mrs. E. S. Sanborn. Mrs.
George XV. Dornln and others of the 1
Fabioia Hospital Association.
.' - During the afternoon Miss Josephine
Chabot and the Misses Alice and Lucy
.Mofiitt .sung a trio; and Miss Lucy Mofiitt
. eang "Una Voce Poco Fa," fro:.: the
"Barber of Savllle," followed by <. solo
by 'rank W. Thompson of San Fran
cisco. ■ Later solos were rendered by Miss
Josephine Cbabot and Miss Elizabeth Mc-
Near.
Boys' Brigade Shoot.
OAKLAND, Dec. 31.— 8y order of Wil
liam M. De Wolf, colonel commanding
th* Second Regiment of the Boys' Bri
gade, the regiment will assemble for their |
fourth annual target practice at 10 a. m..
January 2, at Shell Mound Park. The |
boys will use the regulation Springfield |
rifle and will shoot ten rounds at the 200- j
yard target. Some '.A out of a possible id !
Bcores were made at last year's shoot and I
the captains hope to improve even this. I
The Idea of target practice is not to In- |
cite, the war spirit In the boys, but mere- ;
lv to provide a means of attraction to i
the boys the same as the military drill. |
The gold medal and the silver cup will
be awarded to the best shots, the cup
going to the company which can show
the five highest scores. j
Schoenfelder Divorce Suit. <
OAKLAND, l).-.*. Si.— ln the divorce \
suit of Sophie Schoenfelder against Her- :
maim Schoenfelder, son of the millionaire
brewer, default was entered to-day on ac
count of defendant's failure to appear and I
answer, and the case was referred to i
Court Commissioner Babcock. 1
-" This is the second effort on the part of
the wife to secure a divorce. She alleges j
iliis time that some time ago her -band i
ran way with anothr woman, leaving her
-.to care for the two minor children. She
names Mrs. yon Dyke as co-respondent
and flsks for custody of the children and
•-120- monthly alimony.
■J Coroner Mehrmann's Deputies.
- OAKLAND. Dec. 31.— Coroner-elect 11. '
P. Me,hrnui::n has officially announced
-that the Morgue will remain at the under
taking rooms of Albert Brown, on Thir
.teenth street, between Broadway and
Washington. I. D. Tobin. who was an- !
nounced as his chief deputy, declared
to-day that under these circuni- j
. stances he would decline the proffered I
deputyship. Henr- Quellen has. there
fore, been reappointed Chief Deputy
Coroner, •■■'■' tne other deputies are
i?JXrt77l W iZ' A an '-'-- John Streightlff.
-?vT,r.l ey ■'■"•■/: r , t ftSSS?' San Leandro;
George \\ • Orlndell. k-wards* I. L
'' ■''"'• Centervfile: a '■" S7l,wei-r' "
Pkasanton: Frank Nevis. Llvennore?
Vicksburg Wood Goes Free. •
OAKLAND. Dec. cksburg Wood
ihe betting commissioner, arrested -it the
racetrack in Emeryville a few days aco
for obtaining $100 from George Rose on
the strength of Thomas Williams' name
was discharged by Justice, Quirm this
afternoon. vt"«nn tnis
Louis Heaney Acquitted.
OAKLAND. Dec. 31.'— Louis F. H^anev
charged with burglarizing the room of
Mrs. Tessle Arlett In the - aimer House
last. July, was acquitted hv a jury this
afternoon In Superior Judge Ellsworth's
court. Heaney has been in Jail several
months awaiting trial. He went on the
stand to-day and convinced the Jury that
a young man with whom he was very
friendly had in reality committed the |
crime charged.
A Newspaper Man's S Estate.
■ OAKLAND*. Dec' 31'— The holographic
will of Gilbert A. Dodge, the newspaper
man who recently died -in Alameda, has
been filed for probate by the widow. Cor
delia L. Dodge. The estate is" valued* at
$1500. To a son. Harry G. Dodge," and a
daughter. Mrs. E. L. Hufcutt..sl each Is
bequeathed, while the remainder goes to
the widow and - two other daughters.
Hazel L. and Ruth V. Dodge, share and
share alike. ' = . .
■Goodrich Charges Multiply. •
. OAKLAND. Dec. 31.— There ' are now j
five charges of embezzlement against H.
N. Goodrich, the solicitor who worked for
a photo-enlarging firm and was arrested |
In San Francisco a few days ago by Dep- j
uty Constable Jack Robinson. Women
residing in Elmhurst and San Leandro
are the latest complainants. Goodrich Is
out on bonds and his first case will come
up ln the Brooklyn Townshin Justice's
Court next week. ;y f
, " .Held for Robbery.
OAKLAND. Dec. 31.— Frank Oliviera.
charged with holding-up Town Justice
Nevlns at Pleasanton a few weeks ago,
was held to answer oefore the Superior
court to-day by Justice Brophy of Pleas
anton, before "whom me preliminary ex
amination was held.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, Dec. 31.— Percy Whaite has
assigned his interest in the estate of
Jacob Link'at<-*r to R. McColgan of San !
Francisco for $100 and other considera
tions. . .•■;■■
The estate of George Woodsum. who
was killed in the Melrose explosion, has
been appraised at $2441. " •
The Board of Health met this morning
and passed resolutions declaring Ceme
tery Creek a public nuisance and urging
the City Council to take steps abating the
same.
Judge Ellsworth has appointed Annie
C. Underwood as guardian of the person
and estate of Vernon P. B. Lawler, a
minor. Alice Westover has been appoint
ed guardian of Minnie Merle, Russell
Channlng and Clinton Curtis Westover. 
The. estate of Jessie Bell has been ap
praised at $1235 21, of which amount
$1173 71 is on deposit In the San Francisco
Savings Union.
The attention of the Grand Jury will be
brought to the case of John L. Sherman,
who was convicted on a charge of em
bezzling $600 from Mrs. Lizzie A. Small,
but who was subsequently granted a new
trial. An effort will be made to secure
his indictment for having obtained money
under false pretenses.
The case of x^uuard Conn, the dentist
charged with practicing without a license,
was to-day continued in the Police Court
for six weeks to enable defendant to send
to England for his diploma, which he
claims he has there.
He Had to Steal or Starve.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 31.— John Henrlcksen
• pleaded guilty to-day to a charge of hav
ing stolen a number of iron castings from
the corporation yard. He pleaded with
l Judge St. Sure to be merciful in Imposing
I sentence', claiming that he was forced to
steal to provide food for his wife and
family, who live in Pleasant Valley. Hen
ricksen said he had been unable to secure
work and had to steal or starve. He told
the Judge he would not rob an Individ
ual, but thought the city would not be
injured by the loss of a few castings.
Henricksen will be sentenced Tuesday.
Marshal Rogers Retires.
ALAMEDA. Dec. 31.— Several changes
■ in the Alameda Police Department will
take place to-night at midnight. • John
Conrad will assume the duties of Chief,
to fill the unexpired term of Oscar Rog
ers, who has been elected Sheriff of the
county. William Schumaker will succeed
Conrad as sergeant of the department.
The force is now short two officers,- who
will be named by the City Trustees at a
meeting to be held next Wednesday night.
Alameda News Notes. •
ALAMEDA. Dec. 31.— The officers of
the City Union of the Christian Endeav
orers met last evening and decided to
dissolve the union. It was decided to
meet January 9 to organize an Interde
nominational society.
Special New Year's services will be held
; to-morrow at the First Congregational
Church. A feature of the services will
I be the music by a chorus lead by H. S.
i Stedman.
The vesper services to-morrow evening
at the Unitarian Church promise to be
unusually Interesting. Mrs. Eva Tenney
and Frank Coffin will assist in the musi
cal programme.
Miss Blanche Tisdale entertained a
number of friends yesterday at a whist
party given at her home, 2300 Central
avenue.
The cornerstone of the new parish
house of Christ Church will be laid to
morrow morning with appropriate cere
monies. Rev. Bishop Nichols will con
duct the services. -
The class of '98, Alameda High School,
gave a party this evening at the home of
1., land Hamsdell, a member of the class,
207 Larkin street, San Francisco.
Joseph ' Josephs, Patrick Green and
James Timothy filed applications
for the appointment of poundmaster,
made vacant by the death of Vlctorine
j Joseph."
MIDNIGHT, 1898-99.
PASS round the foaming wassail bowl! Recall the olden ways,
And pledge the Passing Year In wine, with pride of ancient days.
One foot upon the festive board, one hand uplift on high,
We speed the Old and meet the New with welcome and with sigh;
For we have lived to see the age of chivalry reborn,
Our victors smile with gentle brow, our vanquished fear no scorn.
The Old Year breathes a blessing on the Young Year yet unborn.
So here's to gallant "98,
Which poured out blood like wine.
And here's to sad or gladsome fate
That comes with '99!
Drink long, drink deep! Through fire and ruth
With heart and sinews sore;
We fought and conquered for the Truth,
A man can do no more.
Hush! Pass the bowl with whispered word, Its brim Is cypress crowned,
And wistful ghosts, with large-eyed glance, are hovering around;
They hall from that ancestral home, the dim Walhalla Hall,
Where our own kith and lineage pace, with steps that noiseless fall.
To us they band their legacy, their lives to honour vowed. '.
The lives which battle and disease enwrapped In honor's shroud.
The lives for which their countrymen thank God ln accents proud.
r So here's to gallant '9S.
Which poured out blood like wine.
And here's to sad or gladsome fate
Thai comes with '99!
Drlng long.* drink deep! Through fire and ruth,
With weary heart? and sore.
Our soldiers Buffered for the Truth,
We ask to do no more. -"-■'?■•-'"'• • ..'
Pass round the bowl in silent pledge, soft wailings fill the air.
Dee 1 ,) sobs from women's broken hearts, low kneeling in despair;
Tbey mourn their dead and weep their dying, dear fond hearts cleft in twain,
Yet ne'er a one would call those martyred "heroes back again.
Like men they wrought, like women prayed, when honour was assailed;
Like men they wrought , like women prayed, the while their kinsmen tolled;'
Like men they wrought, like women wept, when enemies we're foiled.
So pledge the dames, of 'f.*-;
Who poured out love like wine,.
And pray that" hearts, now desolate,
. Find peace In '99! •
They sped their through fire and ruth.
I.lke Spartan dames of yore,
Then suffered, fainting, for the Truth,
Their sex can do no more.
Pass round the bowl,. 'tis wreathed with bays, the Wan Year lifts his hes* 3
And points up, with a smile of peace, to trophies overhead,
To bayonets, machete points and flashing scimitar.
All" blazoned with some hero's blood— some friepd or: foe of war.
The wan Year wears a peaceful smile upon his peaceful face,
He.beckons, with a Hid hand, the English-speaking 'race.
Who clasp the trembling Earth about in Honor's close - embrace.
List! Slow the chimes of midnight fall
Adown the qulv'ring air;
Lift high the wassail bowl, and call
Aloud the words they bear:
Man's love pour fr.rth like wine."
"May I'eace with Honor be our fate,
Hush! Drop the pall o'er '08.
And here's to '99!
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 1, 1899.
NO FRICTION
IN CHRISTIAN
BROTHERHOOD
Brother Agnih Gives
Some Facts.
CLASSICS ALWAYS TAUGHT
NO MEMBERS HAVE BEEN -DIS
CIPLINED.
American Methods Prevail in All the
Institutions and no Changes'
in Methods Will •
Occur.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
-'.. 908 Broadway, Dec. 31..
Brother Agnin of St. Mary's College,
which is conducted by the Christian
Brothers, says that the dispatches. being
sent all over the country relating to the
disciplining of some of .the brothers are
altogether wrong and misleading.
"It is time that a correct statement of
this matter was published," said Brother
Agnin this afternoon. "It has been stated
that there is a serious conflict between
the head of the house of .brothers at
Paris and the order in this country relat
ing to the curriculum in use in our col
leges. This Is false and ridiculous. Ever
since the Christian Brothers came to this
country they have taught the classics
and have gradually raised their standard
of education. We are not guided by any
one at Paris in so far as thedetails of our
work go. Our standing among educa
tional institutions in America is such
that It would be ridiculous for any one to
assume that we should not teach any
thing but elementary subjects. We could
not maintain our position for a week if
we did any such stupid thing.
"Not only do we teach the classics, but
it is compulsory on every student to in
clude the classics in his studies except he
be taking a purely commercial course. A
few months ago a few brothers from this
country were called to Paris for a confer
ence,'but it was not to punish them, or,
as the Eastern reports have said, 'discipline'
them, but merely to confer with the head
of our house. I am sure that no newspa
per man knows what transpired at the con
ference, for such matters are never
given out for obvious reasons. It has also
been stated that Brother Ambrose of
Oakland and another Californian brother
were ordered to Paris for punishment.
Poor Brother Ambrose was in ill health
and had been trying to arrange for a trip
to Europe for five years, and when It did
become possible he was a victim to the
wreck of the steamer La Bourgogne. No
other brother from California was even
called to the conference,- much less or
dered abroad for punishment. I hope these
facts will give us brothers a little peace."
First Kick of the New Year.
ALAMEDA, Dec. .31.— The Alameda
High School football team will play th-?
Golden Gates of San Francisco Monday
on the local gridiron. The Golden Gates
met with but one defeat during the sea
son, while the Alamedas have an unbrok
en record of victories to their credit.
Bed Cure for Lunatics.
A lengthy report has been published on
the general subject of lunacy in France,
the most noticeable feature of which Is
the advocacy by Dr. Magnan of a new
method for treating cases of mania and
melancholia. The method is simply keep
ing the patient in bed. This Is trouble
some at the outset, .especially in cases of
mania, but after the first two or three
days the patient accommodates himself
and becomes much, more tractable. He
then begins to improve steadily, and the
results that have been obtained by prac
tical experience, extending over a -great
number of cases, are very satisfactory.
Dr. Magnan entirely disapproves of the
strait waistcoat and insists on treating
the maniacs like patients suffering from
other kinds of illness. The general re
port shows that alcohol Is#responslble for
the greatest proportion ot lunacy.—Lon
don Mall.
LEGISLATORS
EXPECTED TO
DO THE WORK
Merchants Object to
Drawing Bills.
TO REQUEST BY PETITION
TESTING OPINION IN JOINT
CITY AND COUNTY.
Alameda's Delegation May Get a
Surprise When They Receive
Petitions From the
Consolidators.
I
To the Senators and Rep
resentatives in the Legisla
ture assembled:
We, the undersigned tax
payers of Alameda County,
request the passage of gen
eral laws which will enable
a municipality to consolidate
with other parts of the coun
ty and form a consolidated
city and county government
similar to the city and county
of San Francisco.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, !
908 Broadway, Lee. 31.
This little petition, insignificant though I
it appears, contains a very clever little j
joker, not in Itself, but in the manner In
which It is prepared.
A few nights ago several members of
the Alameda legislative delegation joined j
with the Merchants' Exchange in discuss- \
ing various matters, among them the ;
1 question of the division of the county. j
! Senator Stratton stated that It would re-
I quire some very carefully drawn bills to
lay the foundation for dividing Alameda
j County. He also said that the merchants
should employ some attorney well posted i
j on constitutional law to draft such a bill.
The merchants made a little Inquiry and '
' found that the legal work could be done I
for the comfortable sum of $2000. They
did not quite see why with such an able I
legislative delegation the merchants
should be called upon to prepare bills for !
the Legislature.
A quiet little conference was held among
members of the Merchants' Exchange and
the Board of Trade yesterday morning,
and the matter was discussed in detail.
It was the prevailing Impression that If !
a representative number of tax-payers
signified their desire to divide this county
it would become the duty of the legisla
tors to carry out the wishes of the peo
pie who elected them.
I As a result of the conference the above
Eetltlon was drawn up to-day and is now
olng circulated all over the county for
signatures.
. It will be noticed that the petition is I
addressed "To the Senators and Repre
sentatives In the Legislature assembled,"
and should a reasonable number of names
be obtained It will necessarily become the
duty of the Alameda delegation In the
Legislature to carry out the wishes of ]
this county. This will relieve the mer- !
: chants and promoters of the division I
j scheme from any responsibility, and also i
[ from the expense of preparing such bills, ■
. and will place all the responsibility on the ;
I Senators and Assemblymen from this
county.
When this petition reaches the head- '
| quarters of the Alameda delegation there !
! will no doubt be an interesting discussion. I
SENTINELS OF THE UNIVERSE.
This new order, which has been organ
ized In this city about a month, is meet
ing with marked success.
Washington Council No. 1 was instituted
last Tuesday night ln Prospect Hall,
I. O. O. F. building, by Supreme Sentinel
J. L. Geary Jr. and other supreme offi
cials, with 115 members, a larger number
than ever initiated in this city at the in
stitution of a subordinate body of this
character. The following are the officers
of the new council: Wesley Heldt, past
sentinel- Fred T. Phelps, chief sentinel;
A. H. Powers Jr., vice sentinel; A. G.
Frank, secretary; J. Reusch, treasurer;
C. Kaughman, W. Kellit and W. H.
Street, trustees; H. D. Bean, conductor;
W. N. Jackson, guard; A. E. Ensign,
sentry, and F. Hess, organist. The of
ficers were installed by the supreme sen
tinel. The ritualistic work of the order
is novel, original and was a surprise to
those who were made acquainted with the
mysteries. This council will soon give a
high class entertainment.
Franklin Council No. 2 will be instituted
in Oakland during the current month and
the work of organizing Jefferson Council
in this city is progressing.
The first number of the Sentinel, the of
ficial organ of the order, will be shortly
issued
KNIGHTS OF HONOR.
Yerba Buena Lodge received one new
member last Monday and three applica
tions. A banquet will follow the installa
tion of officers, and at that time A. M.
McPherson, the retiring past dictator,
will be made the recipient of a token of
recognition for three years' services.
Polar Star Lodge was visited last week
by P. L. Archibald, G. D.; T. Learned,
G. A. D., Thomas Johnstone, G. R., and
G. W. Lemont, G. T., who made stirring
addresses. The lodge furnished entertain
ment until a late hour.
Keystone Lodge will Install Its officers
next Thursday night in the presence of
the grand officers and the district depu
ties.
There was a good meeting of Occiden
tal Lodge last week and the membership
was entertained by a number of brilliant
; addresses.
America and Eagle lodges will be con-
I solidated at 20 Eddy street on Wednesday
j n x t.3BS2EnB_i
The new system of the intervislting of
I lodges, will be inaugurated on the 10th
Inst., when Norman Lodge will be visited
|by Yerba Buena and Union lodges, as
well as by the grand officers and the dis
| trict deputies. During the term each of
I the lodges will be visited by two of the
I other lodges. •
The Supreme Lodge report for January
shows 157 deaths, of which* sixty-three
j were paid before the list was printed. All
death claims listed ln IS9S, numbering
I 1940, have been met.
ROYAL ARCANUM.
The last held meeting of Argonaut
Council of the Royal Arcanum was well
attended, and there were present a num
ber of visitors. Two applications were
received and three candidates were ad
mitted. The new by-laws previously pre
sented were adopted, and will go into
effect as soon as approved by the Su
preme Council committee. During the
year just closed this council has increased
Its membership nearly 15 per cent.
Dr. John Leffler of Argonaut Council
has been commissioned medical examiner
for San Francisco.
At the next meeting of Argonaut Coun
cil the new officers will be Installed and
there will be the Initiation of three candi
dates. I ■' ■• ■ :V? .'".'•.":-.
THE JUNIORS.
TJ. S. Grant Council had a smoker after
the regular meting last week In celebra
tion of the last session of the year. There
were a number, of visitors, who were
warmly welcomed and entertained.
Starr King: Council is without; councilor
or vice councilor, both being out of town
at* this time, and the initiatory work has
to be done with strangers to the work.
Mark Lane, district deputy for Garfield
Council. is waking up the members of that
body who are afraid to be out after dark.
He has aroused considerable interest In
the council of late.
Abraham .Council was recently visited
by Past Councilors D. S. Stanley and ,C.
Zimmerman of Oakland. 77
The various councils of the Juniors and
the councils of the Daughters of Liberty
have appointed committees to arrange
for a grand celebration on the 22d of Feb
ruary, the order's day, at Odd Fellows'
Hall.
SONGS j UNDER THE HAMMER.
Prices Paid Which Show What Are
Favorite Melodies in England.
There ;is money , as well as music in
songs, .. .7' » , 7'
A sixteen ■ days" sale of songs Is now
in progress at the auction , rooms of
Messrs. Puttlck & Simpson of Leicester
Square, and no less a sum than £15,000
has been realized by the first five days
of the sale. " . *
That is a big sum "undoubtedly, but
Messrs. 'Puttiek & Simpson, who were
seen by a Daily Mail representative
yesterday, state that, as a matter of
fact, music publishers dpi not make
princely incomes out of songs. The
competition Is keen, the expenses are
very great and the exceptional suc
cesses very rare.
The highest price ever given for a
song Is £2240, which was the sum
paid last week for Mascheroni's "For
All Eternity." This song has nearly
its full term of copyright to run, and
it shares with "Queen of the Earth" the
honor of being the most popular of
modern compositions.
But it is not always quality that
brings in a handsome return. There
are many songs of exceptional merit,
both- in words and music, which are
practically a drug in the market, while,
on the other hand, songs of admitted
mediocrity have commanded extraordi
narily high prices. The music pub
j lisher who can judge of the value of a
song as soon as he sees It is a rarity.
He has to reckon with the temper and
varied tastes of the public. He must
patiently bide his time and 'let the sales
tell their own tale. *
Messrs. Puttlck & Simpson have had
a long experience in the sale of copy
rights of songs, and some figures they
supplied our representatives with yes
terday are exceedingly Interesting.
In 1871 some huge prices were paid
for songs. Balfe's "The Sailor Sighs
as Sinks His Native Shore." a duet,
fetched £324; Blumenthal's "Requital"
was bought for £310. The royalty on
this song was as much as Bd. tier copy.
Ardlti's "II Bacio" fetched £716;
Gounod's "Bethlehem," £198; Hatton's
"Good-by, Sweetheart. Good-by," £462;
"Coder's "Brave Old Oak." £241;
Knight's "She Wore a Wreath of
Roses," £495; Macfarren's "Beating of
My Own Heart," £360; Stanley's "Only
to Lave," £269. In the same year
Wallace's opera "Maritana" was sold
for £2232, while shortly afterward
£2500 was paid for his opera "Lur
line."
Some well-known songs came under
i the hammer in 1883, many of them be
i ing Blockley's. His "Arab's Farewell
i to "His Steed" went for £640, "The Eng
lishman" for £468. "Hearts and
Homes" for £319, "Love Not" for £305,
"Many Happy Returns of the Day" for
'■■''"4. and "Ring Out, Wild Bells" for
\ £239.
In the same year Meli's "Nil Desper
andum" fetched £253; De Faye's "Tell
Her I Love Her So," £465; "Alice
Mary Smith's Maying duet,- £663;
Cherry's "Shells of Ocean," £202;
Cherry's "Will o' the Wisp," £209;
Wallace's "Sweet and Low," £214;
Wallace's "Why Do I Weep for Thee?"
£228. and Ardlti's "L'Ardita," £360.
As much as £1000 was paid for
Coote's "Prince Imperial" galop, while
Baife's opera "Rose of Castile" was
bought for £958, and Weber's opera
"Oberon" for £428.
Many songs and piano pieces were
disposed of in IS9O. Of the songs,. Lee's
"He "Wipes a Tear From Every Eye"
realized £222;; Hatton's "To Anthea,"
£260 and Warner's "To the Woods,"
£682. Two piano pieces by Prldham
one "Sabbath Recreations" and the
other "Yorkshire Bells"— fetched £363
and £990 respectively. His "Battle
March" was sold for £1024. Mahler's
"Old London March" was bought for
£588 and his "Old Westminster March"
for £246.
It was in this year that Farmer's vio
lin tutor was sold for £1752. Small
wood's "Fairy Barque," a simple piano
piece, used principally in schools,
fetched as much as £1810. Leslie's song
"Four Jolly Smiths" went for £300. In
1893 Verdi's opera "II Trovatore" was
sold for '£so3. 7IIS_I
Good prices have been paid during the
present sale. Inaddltion to the record
price for "For All Eternity," £340 15s
was paid for Mascheronl's "Land of
Yesterday." B. Richard's "Let the
Hills Resound" brought £222 10s; Law
rence Kellle's "Love Nocturne" £351
• the Rose" £315.
the Rose," £315. _______
Women's Suffrage in Australia.
The annual meeting of the National
Union of Women's Suffrage Societies was
held In Manchester recently. There was
a crowded attendance of delegates. Mrs.
Fawcett presided. The Hon. J. Cock
burn, Agent General for South Australia,
remarked that at one time he had some
contempt for the question of women's
suffrage, as some young. people had at
the present time, but in his wiser days
he had taken an active part in carrying
this great reform In South Australia.
[Applause.] Women's suffrage was un
doubtedly the great question of the cen
tury; in fact, he might say, it was the
great question of all time: it would ef
fect a great but very gradual change,
and he thought they hardly realized what
the change would mean. The ways of
women "Were in the direction of peace,
and If women had a voice in connection
with the Czar's proposed peace conference
there would be some chance of general
disarmament being brought about. Wo
men suffered too much from both inter
national warfare and Industrial troubles
not to be ln favof* of such struggles be
ing brought to an end. He came from a
country where women had long enjoyed
the Parliamentary franchise, and to him
it was ridiculous that such a right was
not enjoyed by the women of the- mother
country. It took ten years to win the
victory in South Australia, and the lead
ers of the movement had to encounter
great opposition. Now,, however, there
were few people in the colony who re
gretted the triumph of the women, who
since their right to the exercise of the
franchise bad been established had been
the means of Introducing very useful leg
islation. He did not think the women of
the United Kingdom v;ould have very
long to wait for what was their right,
and there were forces that were always
pressing the movement on. The Victorian
Age has been a glorious one. and one
which lie hoped would be crowned by
their endeavor succeeding and the act
taking its place on the statute book dur
ing the reign of their beloved sovereign.
[Applause.] The report was adopted. —
Loudon Standard. '•-, . 
A Rather ''Close-" Kentuckian.
I heard of a Louisville man who was
pretty close. There died a preacher who
was. perhaps, the most "popular man In
Louisville. His friends undertook to raise
a neat sum of money for his family, and
did raise a goodly sum. Somehow they
succeeded in getting a contribution from
this man I am telling about but Instead
of giving cash. he gave his note^at ninety
days The committee tried to get him to
pay cash.but he refused.and they left with
the note. There were two or three other
notes, but when the committee explained
to the givers that they would like to
make It a lump cash contribution, they
all except. this one took up the notes and
paid, the money. When all had paid cash
except this one. they went to him and ex
plained & the situation.- He declined to
make it a cash subscription, but finally
in answer to the committee's repeated
appeals, he agreed to pay it in cash if the
committee would discount the note. This
they did, deducting the bank discount for
the time the note had to run. He was a
very close "man.— Nashville Banner. . ""*"
HIS NEMESIS
OUTWITTED
BY OLD TIME
Kinard Fails to De
pose Judge Clift.
HIS 5 TERM ENDS NATURALLY
CRIMINAL LIBEL PROCEEDINGS
ARE NOW THREATENED.
A Small Photograph in Justice Cliffs
Court Is to Be Made the
Basis of Another
Suit.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Dec. 31.
The proceedings instituted by C. E.
Kinard for the purpose of deposing Jus
tice of the Peace Fred C. Clift on the
ground of malfeasance in office were
vitally frustrated in Superior Judge Ells
worth's court this afternoon. The prime
object of the suit dies a natural death at
midnight. '"">.:; .": ' ; 7-.'v'
The case came on for trial this after
noon. C. E. Kinard appeared again in
person and conducted the prosecution,
while M. C. Chapman and Emil Nusbau
mer defended Justice Clift, who sat by
silently listening to the tedious and un
interesting testimony. .
Kinard, contrary to his intentions,
proved that Instead of not turning over
all moneys collected from fines from Jan
uary 1, 1595, until May 2, 1898, Clift had
paid over to the County Treasurer $164 50
more than he had ought to.
The prosecution then was required to |
pore over the court dockets to segregate j
each instance where he claimed the fine
money had not been turned over. This I
proved a tedious task, and by the time .
Kinard had finished the docket for 1895
Judge Ellsworth was ready .o adjourn
for the day and continued further hear
ing until next "Wednesday, notwithstand
ing the objections of the attorneys for
either side. •---.-.- .%.;*.: !-<f;r.-.-::'v 7
Another vital obstacle for the prosecu
tion was Kinard's inability to secure the
vouchers showing what money had been
paid in by Justice Clift. These vouchers [
had been examined by a recent Grand i
Jury and were locked up ln the rooms of .
the Supervisors, and the clerk in charge
had ended his day's work.
The action in continuing the case prac- j
tically, ends- the matter, since Kinard's
sole purpose was to depose Justice Clift, I
and in this he has failed, as this is the j
last day of Justice Cliffs term.
Kinard's proclivities as Justice Cliffs i
.Nemesis, however, are not likely to end
with the death of this suit, for he de
clares that he will now begin criminal
proceedings.
"I do not propose to give up this fight
until I have got satisfaction," said Mr.
Kinard as he left the courtroom with an
air of disgust mingled with anger.
"Those fellows have a picture of mine
stuck upon the wall in Cliffs court which j
I consider libelous, and I propose to bring
charges of criminal, libel against Clift )
sooner or later. But I shall first com- |
mence other proceedings the exact nature j
of which I decline to discuss at this time." |
The picture that Mr. Kinard refers to
is pasted on a wall in Cliffs court. It is
a photograph and labeled "C. E. Kinard."
Across one side is painted the word "em
bezzlement." To-day in court Justice |
Clift exhibited a similar, picture, and
Kinard made a desperate though futile
effort to snatch It, for he wishes to use
It In evidence In the subsequent libel; suit.
HOW TO PAY CHRISTIAN SCIEN-
TISTS' FEES.
There is one little point, however,
made by one of my correspondents
which is too good to be missed. He re
marks that the principle of the denial
of pain, and the other principles on
which Christian Science is based, logic
ally apply to other evils besides mere
bodily disease. You have an excruciat
ing pain in your big toe. Refuse to be
lieve in the pain, says the Christian
Scientist, and the pain ceases to exist.
Carry the argument a step further. You
owe Jones £5 (a circumstance' which
may cause you quite as much annoy
ance as a pain in your big toe). Refuse
to believe in it, and the debt cease&
to exist. There are many people who
would appear to adopt this principle in
financial matters already, much to their
comfort and advantage. It only re
mains for the Christian Science patient
to apply this principle to the Christian
Science healer. The latter charges a
guinea a week for Christian Science
treatment. Let her only by the power
of faith believe that the guinea has
been paid and there will be no necessity
for handing over cash. — London Truth.
A President's Letters.
It has been estimated that the average
number of letters received daily by the
President of the French republic at the
Elysee amounts to 700, classified as fol
lows: Begging letters, 250; petitions on
political affairs, 150; petitions from crimi
nals, 100; complaints against various func
tionaries, 100; anonymous insulting letters,
SO; threats of assassination, 20.— London
News.
It is said that eating onions will pre
vent a mustache from coming on a
woman's lip.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
mM TO MEN
The State Medical Institute Discovers a
Re aarkable Remedy for Lost
• Vigor.
ARE SENDING N FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRIT&
Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute, Fort Wayne, Ind. It
cured so many, men who had battled. for
years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual weakness, resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back., varico-
cele, or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where It is needed.
It cures all the Ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func- '
tions and has been an absolute success
in all cases. A request to the State Med-
ical Institute. 193 First National Bank
building. Fort Wayne. nd., stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be compiled with. The institute
Is desirous of reaching that great class
of men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
able them to see how easy It is to be
cured of sexual weakness when the
proper remedies are employed. The In-
stitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed "In a plain package so
that 'its- recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity, headers are
requested to write without delay. - .-
DR. PIERCES . REMEDIES
plsiblitl
of the postal
SYSTEM
Cheap Mail Facilities
One of the Chief Fac-
tors in Our Pros-
perity and Pro-
gress.
"Common is the commonplace." The
most valuable of civil benefits is such a
commonplace matter that we scarcely
give it a thought. It would take a win-
ter on a whaler nipped in an ice floe to
make us truly appreciable of the worth
of the posta.l service. What a wonder-
ful thing It is! Wonderful in its organi-
zation, with its vast: machinery for the
collection and distribution of letters, its
railway mail cars, its route riders, the
unfailing order and precision of its
methods. Wonderful it Is, too, in its re-
sults. It knits together families widely
separated. It carries across the sea
some tender lover's message or perhaps
a little flower picked from the daisied
grave of an English churchyard. Every
hour of every day the commonplace
mail bag is packed with the secrets of
life, words which waken- love and
laughter, and words which deepen the
furrow in the cheek and dim the failing
sight with bitter tears. *..-.,-*:'.'
But with all this there is going on
through the mail service a dissemina-
tion of human knowledge, a reaching
out of human help which is one of the
crowning blessings of our century. The
correspondence schools led by Chautau-
qua are sending to every village and
hamlet the broader knowledge which is
so eagerly craved by many who are
shut in to the homely duties of an
humble life. . Without the mail system
this plan of education would be utterly
non-existent.
Every mail, too, carries from the
great centers the advice of great phy-
sicians, which it would be impossible
for the distant public to obtain were it
not for the mails. Few people realize
how many thousand people depend on
the mail service for medical treatment.
Not long ago when some postal affairs
were being discussed in connection with
the erection of the new postoffice build-
ing In Buffalo, N. V., some light was
thrown on this subject by the state-
ment that the mail by Dr. R. V. Pierce
amounted daily to something over 1500
pieces. Of course, this is not a common
case, because Dr. Pierces relation as
chief consulting physician to Buffalo's
famous institution, The Invalids' Hotel
and Surgical Institute, makes his advice
and that of his staff of nearly a score
of skilled and experienced specialists
much sought after, especially by
women, to the treatment and cure of
whose special diseases Dr. Pierce has
devoted over thirty years of almost
constant labor. But though this ex-
ample is out of the ordinary, it may
serve as an evidence of the amazing
benefits reaped by. the public from the'
mail service. It puts every outlaying
hamlet in .touch with the most ad-
vanced medical specialism of the day.
It gives at the cost of a 2-cent stamp
the skill and experience that it has
taken years to acquire. Literally, at
the cost of a 2-cent stamp, since Dr.
Pierce invites sick women to consult
him by letter without charge. And this
would seem to be one of the. most re-
markable services rendered by the pos-
tal system, perhaps the supreme service
of all. For while it is a splendid thing
to be able to shop in New York while
living in Kansas and a grand thing to be
able to command the learning of great
professors while working in the Michi-
gan woods, it is a still grander thing
that by means of this cheaply supplied
service men like Dr. Pierce, who have
the disposition to be helpful, are en-
abled to place their skill and knowledge
at the disposal of those who are being
dragged down by disease, without the
possibility of help from those about
them. When one contemplates the vast
and far-reaching benefits of the mail
service so briefly touched upon in this
article, it makes the familiar gray uni-
form of the postman the most glorious
of all uniforms, for it is worn by the
soldiers of the army of peace. It makes
one feel like taking his hat off to the
on-rushing mail train and cheering the
work and wisdom of Uncle Sam.
WEEM CALL
©/ It Publish^ the Cream of the
Z) ' ' News or the Week and
c* MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
<J ORIGINAL FEATURES.
<="*< IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
©< PAPER ON THB
*J PACIFIC COAST
H The Best .\^ / Mining 7
.°j Telegraphic' \/ News; That
.°\ Service on /\ Is Accurate
ol The Coast / \& up to date
3 —
o*! : Not a Line of it Sensational
ol or* Faky, and Not a Line of;
cj it Dry 'or Uninteresting.
©C Bright, Clean, A Champ oa of
~) Thoughtful. ruth.
3 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
Z) ALL THE TIME.
DFT ADVOCATES I SENT BY '
) HOME :■'.■•: MAIL, SI
Vf{ WDtSTBiES 7 I A Yl»t
Enlarged to 16 Pages
ff&S&DI. HALL'S BEINYiGORATOR
j&§3p""^C(Ss hive Hundred reward tor any cas9
§?*■ Egg we cannot cure. This secret remedy
(3 Jf «ops. all losses In 24 hours, cures
MSI Hmß Emissions, lmpot'ency, Varicocele.
i7«T-i tTiTr Conorrhoea, Gleet. Fits. Strictures,
Ml __J Lost Manhood and all wasting et-
XSISLkSS tectsof -abuse or excesses. Sent
£-*""IKS2bp sealed. s2 bottle; 3 bottles, guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 865 Broadway, Oakland.. Cal. Alan
for Bale at 1073U Market St.. S. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send tor free book.
- >■• • ••-.'• .'*--■»-•--,•-. ■-«-
1314
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 o'clock.
£263 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
Streets; open until 9 o'clock. _^_^^^^
CHURCH NOTICES.
BT. JOHN'S Presbyterian Church, corner Cali-
fornia alio Octavia sts -Rev. H. A. Marshall
will preach Sabbath morning at 11 o'clock.
Christian Endeavor at 6:30 p. m. Prayer
meeting Wednesday evening at 7:45. All cor-
dially, invited.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Powell
■ and Geary —Rev. John Hemphill, D.D.,
- pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m.
The Rev. "J. C. Christie of Sydney, Australia,
will preach morning and evening. Morn-
* ing music— Anthem, 'Hark! Hark', the Harps
of Gold" CMarslon): solo and quartet .with
violin obligato, Mr. Larsen; offertory,
'."Christmas Herald." <*. Whitney Coombs;
alto sulo. Miss Beresford Joy, with vio-
lin obligato bj Mr. Larsen. Evening music-
Christmas anthem, "There Were Shepherds
. (Chadwick), solo ami quartet; offertory,
' •-"Bethlehem," C. W. Coombs; soprano sol",
; .' Mrs. Susie Hert .Mark. All are made wel-
- . come.
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church. Mis-
sion St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh— Dr. Charles
Edward Locke, pastor. Will preach. Subject.
11 a. m., "What Is Life?" At 7:45 p. ill..
"If I Could Live My Life Over." Sunday
school. 1 p. m. Mr. Rolla V. Watt, superin-
'. tendent. Christian Endeavor, 6 i). m. Seats
all free. Everybody Invited. This is a peo-
ple's church. Music led by quartet and chorus
choir. Mr. J. J. Morris, choir master. .Com-
mencing with Tuesday evening the week of
prayer will be observed, to be followed by
. union revival services in the Methodist
churches.
WEST SIDE Christian Church, Rush st . near
Devlsadero — New Year's services Sunday,
January 1, 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. Preaching
' by Evangelist S. M. Martin. Subject, morn-
ing sermon, "Hiding From God." Evening,
"Christ's Second Coming and the End of the
World." l'rofessor Harrell will sing.
— ,
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post
and Mas sts. — Rev. George C. Adams, D.D.,
pastor will preach at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m.
Morning theme. "Christ the Head." Com-
munion and reception of members. Evening
theme, "Numbering Our Days." All cor-
dially Invited.
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist, intra!
block, 223 Sutter St., bet. Kearny and Grant
Christian Science Bible lessons, 11 a. m.
and 7:45 p. in. Subject, morning. "God."
Sunday school for children, 11 a. •m. Testi-
monial meeting Wednesday evening at S
o'clock. All are welcome.
Tin: First Divine Science Church— M. E. Cra-
mer, pastor. Discourse at 11 a. m.; subject,
"The Eternity of Now." Services every Sun-
day at Yosemite Hall, Native Sons' building.
Mason st., bet. Geary and Post; take elevator.
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ. 320
* P. st Bt. Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m.
This church claims to have the restored Gos-
pel to be proclaimed to all the world as a
"sign" of the coming of Jesus Christ to judge
the world and those who "know not God and
obey not the Gospel of our Lord, Jesus
Christ," 2 Thes. 1:7-8. All welcome. C. A. -
Parkin, pastor.
AT the Strangers' Sabbath Home (Howard st.
Methodist Episcopal Church). 643 Howard st..
between Second and Third— John A. B. Wil-
son, D.D., pastor; residence by the church;
telephone Black 961. 11 a. m., communion
for all disciples of Christ of every name; 7:3".
"The Vow Obligations: or. Our" New Year's
Day Resolutions: What Shall We Do With
Them?" offertory, soloists. Mrs. Annie
N'ewcombe and Miss Ethel Perkins: forward
movement, week of prayer observed, I -'gin-
ning with Tuesday night. Seats free. All
always welcome.
ASSOCIATION Auditorium, Mason and Ellis
sts.— Special New rear's address to men only
to-day at 3 o'clock, by the Irish evangelist.
George C. Needham. Subject, "Four Men in
a Tight Place." At the same hour Mrs.
Needham will speak at the First Congrega-
tional Church, Post and Mason sts.. to women
only. Rev. Charles Edward Locke, D.D.. will
address a mass meeting at the Association
Auditorium to-morrow, Monday, at 32 o'clock,
on "Our Country's New Tear." The public
Invited.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood tThcosophical Soci-
ety In America), Academy of Sciences build-
ing, 819 Market St.— Lecture to-night, "Busi-
ness." by Julius Oettl: Tuesday night, no
meeting; Saturday night. "Liberation.
THEosoi'Hi.*AL Society— bite lectures every
Sunday evening at B o'clock in Fraternal
Hall. Odd Fellows' building. To-night. "The j
Lesson of the New Year." by Mrs. Ad.-.- Best.
SUNDAY MEETINGS. —
MRS J. J. WHITNEY'S grand test meeting
to-night; the only trance platform test me-
dium and medical clairvoyant an the Pacific
. Coast: indorsed by th.? California State
Spiritualist Association, also the National I <
Spiritualist Association of America and Can-
ada, for honesty. Integrity and noble work
in the cause of spiritualism; names of spirit
friends in full with messages and advice;
vocal solo by Maris Kallera, dramatic tenor;
C. W. Dyne, pianist. Metropolitan Temple,
Fifth St., near Market: 8 p. m. sharp; admis-
sion free; voluntary collection.
SOCIETY of Progressive Spiritualists, Occi-
dental Hall, corner Larkin and McAllister
sts.— Sunday, January l. at 7:30 p. m. Speak-
er, Mr". R. S. Lillie. Subject, "How to
Make the Coming New rear a Happy One."
Admission 10c. ' *
FREE lecture to gentlemen only this evening, •
Justice Hall, Pythian Castle, 908 Market st.
Dr. Kergan-Kamame of Drs. K. & K. Sub-
ject, "Turning Over a New Leaf." Splen- :
didly illustrated: no boys under 16 admitted.
SUNDAY, night platform— Dr. York speaks at
Scottish lower hall, Larkin st., this evening, :
on "The Truth in Jesus." Voluntary col-
lection.
A BENEFIT to Dr. Rines' Spiritual Society, :
909 Market st. ; 11. 2, 8 p. m : Mrs. Seeley. '
Barclay. Gillingham; reading tests. . !
MRS SEAL, spiritual, business and healing
medium: readings and treatments daily. 280 *
Valencia st.
A— TEST meeting, 2 p. m.. 8 p. m.. 10c. 334$
Market. R. A. ~'ltt. Mlla, Hargrave, others.
MME YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
nlght. 30c. 605 M lister St.; come, skeptics.
C. MAYO STEERS, 112K oik-Circles Tu»B , 8 '
p. m.; Thurs.. . p. m. ; 2."> c: readings, $1.
GRAND spiritual test meeting to-night. 909
Market st. ; Mrs. Drew and Mrs. Griffin; free.
AT KATIE HEUSSMANN'S to-night tests to j
all. 10c. 641 Jessie St.; sittings dally.
EARLE, Independent slate writer. 330 Ellis ■
street.
MEETING NOTICES.
THE officers and members of the congregation
Sherith Israel are respectfully requested to
attend the funeral of MRS. BERTHA GOLD-
STONE, wife of our member, Jacob Gold- -
stone, TO-DAY (SUNDAY'), at 10 o'clock a ]
m., from the residence, 1608 Geary st
LOUIS BROWN. ' President.
ALEXANDER L. BADT, Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING— Notice Is? hereby given -
that the tenth annual meeting of the stock- 3
holders of the San Francisco and Oakland
Mutual Loan Association will be held at the
office of the corporation, 518 Montgomery st
corner of Commercial, San Francisco on '
WEDNESDAY", January 4th. 1899, at 7-30
o'clock p. m.. for the ' purpose
of electing directors for the ensuing year i
presentation of the tenth annual report and
the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting. -
Books are now open for subscription to '
1000 shares of stock—' the eleventh series-
loans made in: San Francisco and Alameda -
Counties only; interest 6 per cent per an- "
num. free of mortgage taxes; premium 20
per cent gross, or 60 cents per share in-
stallments, at pleasure of borrower, which >
amounts to $12 50 per month .for each $1000 •
net cash received by the borrower: this sum ■
paying both principal and Interest; loans
may be repaid at any time desired. By or-
der of the Board of Directors.
THOMAS J. WELSH." President
A. SRARI'.oy.o. Secretary.
SPRING Valley Water "'-rka, San Francisco! ■
December 28, 1898.— The annual -meeting *of •'
the stockholders of the Spring Valley Water
"Works will , be held at the office of the
company, 12G Stockton st., San .'Francisco, .
' California, at 12 o'clock noon on WEDNES-
DAY, the Hth day of January, 1899, to' eject
trustees to serve for the ensuing year and
for the transaction of such -other business
as may come before the meeting. •
- PELHAM W. AMES. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission' having re-
ceived application fo mine by the hydraulic
process from Rocco Molinari in the Humbug
Gulch Mine, ' near Volcano, Amador Co.. .to
deposit tailings In Humbug Gulch: from J B
Meek, In the Grizzly Hill Mine, near Vol- -
cano, Amador Co.. to deposit tailings in Mi*s-
ery Creek; from Lewis Emery Jr.. In the
Emery Placer Mdn^.a near Mountain Ranch,
Calaveras Co.. to deposi.t tailings In Murray
Creek, and from Archie Newell. In the Newell •
Claim, near Oleta, Amador Co.„ to 'deposit
tailings in Deadman Creek.- gives notice that
& meeting will be held at room 69, Flood
building, San Francisco, Cal., on January i,
1899. at 1:30 p. m. ' °
THE regular annual meeting ot the stockhold-
ers of the Sumdum Chief. Mining Company
will be held at the office fit the company,
room 3, Hobart building, 532 Market st San
Francisco, c a 1.. on FRIDAY, the 6th day of
January. 189*. at the hour of 2 o'clock p. m..
.for the purpose "of electing a board of di-
rectors to serve during ' the ensuing year, any
the transaction of such other business as may
come tefor> the meeting.
tt. Q. STEVENSON, Secretary.
MEETING NOTlCES— Contlnned.
STOCKHOLDERS' Meeting— The annual meet-
ing of »he stockholders of the California Dry-
dock Company will be held at the office of-"
the company. No. 302 California street. San
Francisco, California, on MONDAY, January
9, 1899, at 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of
electing a Board of Directors to serve for the
ensuing year, and for the transaction of such
other business as may properly come befor*
the meeting. W. F. RUSSELL, Secretary. •
Offlce No. SO2 California street, room 3
San Francisco. Cal., Dec. 24, 1898.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
THE NEVADA NATIONAL HANK OF SAN
FRANCISCO. Cal.. will be held at Its bann-
ing house. No. 301 Montgomery st.. San Fran-
cisco. Cal., on TUESDAY. January 10, ISA
at 3:15 o'clock p. m., for the election of dl-
rectcrs to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may
oome before the meeting.
D. B. DAVIDSON. Secretary.
Fan Francisco. December 'J. 1838.
A LOAN can be had on your plane -without re-
moval, or we will buy it. UNCLE HARRIS.
15 Grant aye.. near Market St.
SPECIAL * NOTICES.
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and
Home Society hereby gives notice that* it
has admitted into tha orphanage from July
3. 1898, to December 31, 1898. the following
named orphans and half orphans, boys and
girls, viz: Sarah Rothensteln. aged 7 years;
Hyman Rothenstein. aged 5 years; Henry
Barron, aged ? years: Edwin Abrams, aged
6 years 2 months;. Harry Benjamin, aged 6
years 9 months: Sadie Kohn, aged 10 years:
Irene Well, aged 5 years: Helen Weil, aged
4 years; Abraham Danziger, aged 11 years,
and Leo Rosenthal, aged 3 years 9 months.
BAD tenants ejected " for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d st. I
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call, \
li) pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Security Savings Bank, 222 '
Montgomery si.. Mills building. For the half
year ending December 31, 1898, dividends cat j
term deposits St th- rate of four. (4) .per cent
, per annum, and on ordinary deposits at the
rate of three and one-third Vi 1-3) per cent
per annum, free of taxes, will be payable on
and after- January 3, lssl'. ■ •' -■.:. ■-..
S. L. ABBOT JR.. Secretary." *
OFFICE of The Hibernia Savings and Loan
Society, corner Market. McAllister and Jones
st.- . San Francisco-, Dec, 28, 1898. -At a regu-
lar meeting of the board of directors of this ;
society, held this day. a dividend has been
declared at the rate of three and one-half [
(34) per cent per annum on all deposits for j
six months ending December Si, 1898, free
from all ' taxes, and payable on .and after !
January 1, 1899.
ROBERT J. TOBIN, Secretary. - j
DIVIDEND Notice— and Loan Society, i
l*. Montgomery st . corner of Sutter. The
board of directors declared a dividend for the '
half year ending December 31. 1898, at the rate ;
of four )4) per cent per annum on term de-
posits and three and one-third c 3 1-3) per cent !
per annum on ordinary deposits, free of j
taxes, and payable .on and after Tuesday,
January 3, 1899. r Dividends not called for are '
added to and bear the same rate of dividend
as the principal from and after January l,
1599. CYRUS W. CARMANY. Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. SS (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship '
Company, will be payable at .the office. 327
Market St.. on and after Tuesday. January ■
8, 1898.;-
Transfer books will close on Wednesday.
December 28. 1898. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Continental Build- '
ing and Loan Association. No.- '222 Sansome I
street: For the year ending December 31. '
1898, a dividend has been declared at the rati? !
of 6 per cent per annum on ordinary deposits. j
7 per cent an term deposits, 10 per cent per I
annum to class "F" stock and 12 per ceht |
per annum to class "A" stock. ' all free of
taxes. , WILLIAM CORBIN. Secretary. -
DIVIDEND NOTICE— German Savings '
and Loan Society. 626 California St.— For the !
half year ending December 31, 1898, a divi- ■
dend has been' declared at the rate of four (4)
per cent per annum* on term deposits and
three and one-third (3 1-3) per cent per annum
- on ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable
on and after Tuesday. January 3, 1899."
GEORGE TOURNY. Secretary. '
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society. IS
Geary st.— directors have declared the fol-
lowing semi-annual dividends: 4 per cent
per annum on term and 3 1-3 per cent per i
annum on ordinary deposits, payable on and
alter January 3. 1899.
ERNEST BRAND. Sec. .
SAN FRANCISCO Savings Union. £32 Califor-
nia St.. corner. Webb. Dividend notice— For I
the half year ending with the. 31st of De- '
cember, 3^9s. a dividend has ' been declared I
at the rate per annum of four (4) per cent
on term deposits and j three ,and one-third !
(8 1-3) per cent on ordinary deposits, free of I
taxes, payable on and after Tuesday. Janu-
ary 3. 1599. LOVELL WHITE.:- Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice— Mutual Savings Rank of
San Francisco." 33 Post street. For the half
year ending December 31, 189 S. a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three, and six-
tenths (3.6) per cent per annum on all de-
* posits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Tuesday. January 3. 1899. * •
GEORGE A STORY. Cashier.
SITUATIONS WANTED — FEMALE.
LADY" of competence and ability desires po-
sition in any clerical capacity or as cashier;
unexceptional references: cash security- or
bonds. G. M. Co. 1259 Clay st. ' '
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes a position
as seamstress in a private family; good home
preferable to high wages. Address 1073 Vi Mar-
ket St., room 6. . , ,
YOUNG girl would like to work in family In
city for slight remuneration while attending
college. Address G. C. S., Alameda branch
offlce Call. -'■-• :•
SITUATION as working housekeeper for
widower or elderly couple. Box 660. Call.
WANTED— By young lady of education and
refinement, position as companion or as gov-'
erness to small children. M. R.. 511 Eddy st. '
YOUNG woman fully competent desires posi-
tion as working housekeeper in small family.
M. R., 511 Eddy st. '_
RESPECTABLE elderly lady wishes a situa-
tion to do light housekeeping: .also good
nurse; references given. Call at 219 Second
aye., near California. -.'
RESPECTABLE young .woman with a child
would like position us working housekeeper;
home more an object than wages; no triflers.
843 ission St.; call 12 to 2, 7to 8.
WANTED^ Position by a woman as working
housekeeper In roadside inn or hotel. Ad-
dress box 670, Call."
WOMAN wishes work by the day; washing or
housecleaning; wages, $1 per day and car fare.
Call or address MRS. -McMEEKEN, 507 Birch
avenue! ' '. '
DRESSMAKER will take work home or go in
families; 75c day. 274*- Harrison St., near 24th.
NEAT, respectable girl would like place to do *
housework; no children. 'all or address 319
I- re st., -bet. Bryant and Brannan, Ninth
and Tenth. , •'
HOUSEKEEPER— By a lady from the East, in
, a small family of refinement, or for elderly
couple or hotel; references. * Call or address
Housekeeper, 1375 Eleventh aye v E. Oakland.
LADY would like few regular customers for
hairdressing, bleaching, dyeing and sham-
pooing; also beautifying face and hands.
Send order by postal, ' Hairdresser, 1206 Mar-
ket st. - -' -.
HOUSEKEEPER— Position wanted in widow- .
er's family of children. Address A., branch
offlce Call, 615 Larkin st. _ .
POSITION "as pianist for orchestra, or accom-
panist for soloist. Address OLIVE SAGER,
room 35, Hotel Langham. "
POSITION as infants' nurse- or companion to
• elderly person or invalid. D. D., 929 Pine st.
ALL the consideration and respect shown to
1 ladles who are temporarily emba: *asSed at
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye. nr. Market
ENGLISH widow, having burled her husband,
wants position as housekeeper; partial' to
children; domesticated and refined; $30; no
, triflers. Write 29 Taylor st.
AMERICAN woman wishes /situation as house-
' keeper or -cook on ranch; best of references.
91". Minna, .off Tenth.
NEAT, reliable woman wishes position as
working": housekeeper; no triflers. Address A.
AW. box '878. Cadi Office, Oakland.
EXPERIENCED laundress wants work by the
day: • -Call. 312 Van Ness aye...
MANAGING housekeeper in a family of re-
; finement by a widow' from the East; refer-
ence- Address till Jan. 3. Housekeeper. 1375
■Eleventh aye.. East Oakland. .•
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; -200 .rooms; 25c to $1 60 night; $1 50 to $6
• week; convenient .and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch bfflpe of The Call. Subscrlp-
lor^s ?<nd want ads taken.
' SITUATIONS -W ANTE D —
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp? Agenev; all kinds
help. -GEO. AOKL 30 Geary; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employ merit- Offlce;
best . help. 414.'/g O'Farrell .st. tel. East, 438.
SITUATION wanted by a young man as sec-
ond cook or waiter in hotel, restaurant or
private family; would go anywhere; best of
. references. Address box 593, Call office.
WANTED— By married man of 40 years, a po-
sltlon of trust, where honesty is wanted- can
deposit $2iK) or $300 as security. Address box
. 553/ Call office. .
WANTED— A lady* or gentleman with $2000 cap-
itaJ; one with theatrical experience preferred
to accompany company to New York to pro-
duce new play; responsible reference given.
Address box 544, Call office.
THE SAN •FRANCISCO. CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 1, 1899.
«ITI ITIOWS WANTED— Contlnned.
" SOBER, industrious young German wants a
position it*, private place; very handy about
..- - the house; good gardener; can take care of
, horSes, etc. Address box 671, Call.
' WANTED, "by an experienced -groceryman; free
" ' hand show card painter; served 12 years'
; time with the best original Eastern retailer.
1 on account of health of children desires to
* reside on Pacific Coast, seeks a position with
a reliable grocery establishment: salary ques-
tion can be settled after 30 days' trial. Box
. 554, Call. •
POSITION wanted with a wholesale house for
work in city by a married man with commer-
cial experience. Address box 559, Call.
MAN and wife want positions to care for lodg-
ing house or work on private place; man ex-
' • perienced caretaker; wife first-class cook.
Box .'.57, Call. • "
RELIABLE old man wants to do some light
work at $6 a month and found. Address box
' .652. Gall. - ■
COMPETENT man wishes the management of
gentleman's estate; experienced in building
'■ and improvements; also grain and stock: vet-
erinary surgeon's certificate; high references;
no salary expected; board and lodging. Box
16, Dimond P. 0., Alameda, *'al.
AN able-bo, young- German wants work as
porter, janitor, store, wholesale or ware-
house, or any steady work. .Box 046," Call.
ALL who intend to go to the country can store
their sealskins, silverware, piano or valu-
-1 ables for safe keeping till they return, receiv-
( Ing a loan as well, from UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant aye.,. near Market st.
BUTCHER Good cutter and salesman, with
good references, wants . position. Address
box 535, Oakland office Call, Tenth and Broad-
way.
___: # __
SIDE line .wanted on commission by commer-
cial traveler. Address box 699, Call.
WANTED— -A traveling man Of 15 years' expe-
i rience desirous of handling a few established
lines in the brokerage business in Los An-
geles; can furnish best of references. Ad-
dress A.. 21S Franklin St., Los Angeles,! Cil.
; ._■»_._
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
GIRLS of all nationalities wanted at MISS
WELLS' Employment Office, 1243 ft Park st.,
Alameda.
' FIRST-CLASS cook, who must do all the
downstairs work and washing for a family
of 3; wages $25; must have good references.
" Address bOX 561. Call.
YOUNG girl, to assist; sleep home. 3530 Twenty-
third st: " ■
LADIES you can earn $3 to $6 per day at home.
Call 101% Grant aye., room 3.
EXPERIENCED operators on new high-speed
(lines in our white and flannel shirt de-
partments; also a limited number for In-
structions. Apply Wednesday STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, Gough and Grove sts.
: "WANTED— Typewriter; Smith-Premier pre-
ferred. Address box 556. Call.
GOOD washer and ironer by the day in first-
class family. Call from 1 to 3, 759 Mission.
FINISHERS on children's and infants' wear;
also caps;- experience necessary. 517 Market.
A WOMAN delight— A woman's delight is a
tailor-made dress: we make a special offer
! of two weeks' sewing lessons free in dress-
making or ladies' .tailoring to all beginners
this week; bring your own or some one else's
goods and "we will show you how to cut, fit
and make a tailor-made suit; the McDowell
• Dressmaking, Dresscuttlng and Ladies' Tail-
oring School is the largest and best In the U.
s. . the McDowell Is the only school where
j pupils can take lesSOns and pay for Just what
they receive; latest style, perfect fitting pat-
! terns, cut to order; tailor-made plain waists,
' Shirt waists, skirts, etc.": now is the time
to enter and take advantage of our liberal
offer of FREE INSTRUCTION; man teacher,
late of hlesinger & Mayer, Chicago; tailor-
made suits to order. THE McDOWELL
DRESSCUTTING AND LADIES' TAILOR-
ING SCHOOL. 103 Post St., S. F.
' $2 OR $100 to loan on your watch at UNCLE
HARRIS", 15 Grant aye., near Market St.
HOME with small wages for lady who can
■ sew and do light work. Box 704. Call office,
I Oakland..' ' *-: . . •*.-; .:■..-.
WANTED— First-class operators on gents'
white shirts. ROGERSON'S. 335 Valencia.
LEARN sewing at KEISTER TAILORING
COLLEGE; lessons $1 per week. 426 Geary.
LEARN . dressmaking and- millinery; positions
free; patterns. 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Post. .
NINTH. -.167— Branch office of The Call; sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
HELP "WANTED — MALE.
I ".1839 '....GOOD MORNING 1599
MURRAY & READY wish everybody a
Happy "New Year.
May health, wealth and happiness be thine
' during the year eighteen hundred and ninty-
. nine. . ' *
MURRAY & READY" Phone Main SS4S
Leading employment and labor agents.
.- ....Want Monday, 7 a. m
15 farm orchard and vineyard hands
..12 laborers (different, places), $26 and found;
25 _ tiemakers, Sc, 9c and ,12c each; 3d wood
choppers, $1 per cord; man and wife, private
residence ' .'
• granite block cutters :. shingle packer.
• ....MURRAY ft READY.
*.. 634 and 636 Clay st.
COOKS... ;". 7.T.T. 7 . Waiters
9 cooks, different places. $50 to 130 and found;
9 waiters, different places, $30 to $25 and
found; 5 dishwashers, $15, $20 and found.
MURRAY & READY; 634 and 636 Clay st.
PLANER and matcher hand for country saw-
mill;. metal spinner. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 686 Clay st.
WANTED— Experienced boys' clothing sales-
man at ROOS BROS.', 25 to 37 Kearny st.
OFFICE "open Monday 7 am. C. R. HAN-
• SEN & CO., 104 Geary St. . •
FIRST-CLASS carriage painter at Bay View
Carriage Factory. San Rafael. ;7 ; y.
.'STRONG dishwasher and a vegetable man;
wages, $20 and $30. 293 (> farrell st.
GOVERNMENT positions; don't prepare for
any .Civil service examination without seeing
our illustrated catalogue of information; sent
free. Colombian Correspondence College,
■ Washington, D. C.
WANTED- partner in a ladies' tailoring es-
tablishment; this is not a question ot "money,
but ability; must be a Brst-class cutter and
fitter. Address, with references, which will
be confidential, box 673 Call Office.
TO go this week— 4oo pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from' soc to $1; new shoes, slight-
ly damaged, > 2 price. 662 Mission st., bet.
First and Second sts. Open Sundays.
WANTED Reliable men and women in every
town to work for* us; neat, steady employ-
ment; good wages; no deception; no delay;
send us your a-ddress and we will send you
work immediately. Address STANDARD
ART MFG. CO., 142 West Twenty-third St.,
' New York City, room A.
MEN wanted everywhere to distribute samples
and advertise California Orange Syrup; $2
per day and expenses; cash every Week; par-
ticulars for 2-cent stamp. CALIFORNIA
i ORANGE SYRUP CO.. San Francisco, Cal.
LARGE insurance offlce desires city agent hav-
ing good connections and controlling busi-
ness; salary paid. Box 724, Call Office.
$15 TO $30 a week and expenses paid to sell ci-
gars; experience unnecessary; extra induce-
ments. W. L. KLINE CO., St. Louis, Mo.
. MEN and women to take work home; good
' wages; no experience. 136 Sixth St., room 2.
FOR sale — Barber shop; flne chance. Inquire
L.. TROST, 616 Clay st.
$100,000,000. TO loan on bonds, stock, real estate,
goods ln warehouse and In bond, or on valu-
ables of all kinds at 15 Grant aye., near Mar-
ket St., UNCLE HARRIS.
YOUNG men, seamen, carpenters, blacksmiths,
for ships. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
WANTED— Stonecutters. Apply at work, Co-
lusa Junction, Cal.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,-
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30
years, who- are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their in--
tention to become such; must be of good char-
acter a.nd habits' and able to speak, read* and
write English, and.be between 5 feet 5 inches
and 6 ieet in height. For further information
appl.f at the Recruiting Offlce. 40 Ellis st.,
San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, .217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms, 26c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WA iTED— Carriage and sign painter. For par-
ticulars call at 2137 Dwight way, Berkeley.
FINISHER at 22 Clay st. MYSELL-ROLLINS
CO.. bookbinders.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. 11. Bernard, Sec, 104 7*h; tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764% Mission
st., men to take rooms; 10c, loc and 25c per
night: 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade;, easy terma 1542
i Market st. •-.,::-_•
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber- College. 138% Eighth st.
BARBER'S' Association Free Employment
Offlce. S. FUCHS. Pec. 325 Grant aye.
TRY Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sts.;
thoroughly renovated; 200 rms.; 15c, 26c night.
SINGLE rooms. 15c. 20c,"25c per night: 75c $1
to $2 50 per wk. Elcho House. 863% Market St.-
WANTED— collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 312 Sutter st.
SAILORS and ordinary.: seamen ' wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis St., near Jackson.
SINGLE furnished, fine." large," sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
'.-■-..--.
HELP WJ NTED— Continued.
: TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week
| WINCHESTER House. 44 third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms, 25c. night; reading-room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
j A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
AGENTS. WANTED.
AGENTS wanted— "S. S."— Guaranteed to ex-
terminate and drive every rat and mouse
from any house or place within three days;
not poison, nor will It kill or harm anything
but rats and mice; greatest money maker ever
handled by agents; boys and girls make $12
to MS weekly: wr - quick for terms and ter-
ritory. We also want hustlers to take State
|. cgencv. S. S. Mfg. Co., Chicago 111.
RELIABLE agents, who want a good seller.
Address A. H. WILSON. San Jose. Cal.
ROOMS AND HOARD WANTED.
; YOUNG lady wishes board and room in a re-
I fined private family; terms must be reason-
! able. Box 547, Call office.
MISCELLANEOUS. ~~
; CASH register wanted to rent by H. H. TODD,
Park Hotel. Alameda.
LOST. ~
RETURN to Davy Crockett saloon. Market
st., silk-lined overcoat; lost at fight; no ques-
tions asked; liberal reward.
LOST— White Llewellyn setter bitch, with tag
and silver collar. Return 1014 Sutter; reward.
GIRLS' shoe on Fourth st. ; finder please return
to 113 Fourth st.
LOST— Saturday; lady's open-face watch; at-
tached to bow pin; all in red enamel; suita-
ble reward to finder. " 1816 Vallejo. St.
LARGE black Dane dog. Return to New Elec-
tric Market, 191S Market st, corner Rose
ay... and receive reward.
LOST— Blue face gold watch (lady's); reward.
BOYNTON, 1720 Eddy st.
LOST— By employing true gentlemen at UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.. near Market st., the
surety is given thut the most sensitive lady
will receive the kindest treatment; private
entrance and private rooms.
Tuesday evening, between Valencia st.
and Prospect aye.. black silk muffler. Re-
turn to restaurant 1581 Valencia St.; receive
reward.
FOUND.
FOUND— At the ferry. Dec. 24. purse contain-
ing ticket and valuables. Call on MR. SKIN-
NER, 416 Market st.
FOUND— Large black dog, with white spot on
breast. Call 135 A Sixth st. ; upstairs.
FOUND— Purse, Dec. 29; prove property and
pay expenses. 3215 Sixteenth st.
SPIRITUALISM.
£t™^tr}nT~~~~~~~~
MRS. dr. A. d. howe.
The celebrated medium and clairvoyant of all
clairvoyants, who sees it all. tells you all and
instantly gives you peace and happiness. She
never asks a question, but before you utter a
word she tells you in full of all that you are
interested In; business, speculation, love,
marriage, divorce, tells of friends and ene-
mies, locates mines and burled treasures.
. TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
. Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
All correspondence sacredly confidential.
Treatment and consultation by mall always
Satisfactory and most successful. Address or
call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
1104 Market St., S. P., The Vendome.
$100,000 TO loan on safes and "articles of every
description at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant
aye., near Market st.
' MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, celebrated trance
test medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant,
cures disease with revealed remedies: consult
when others fall ; sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. MENA FRANCES, independent slate
writing medium. 118 Haight st
MRS. KATE HOSKINS. trance medium; read-
ings daily. $1. 322 S. Spring St., Los Angeles.
MRS. ELLIS; tests to all; Tues.-Frl., 2 p. m.;
Mop. 8; 25c; sittings $1. 2:13 Valencia st.
. A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— MRS. DR. P. CLARK.
Permanently Located In San Francisco,
At 1023%- Market Street.
Between Sixth and Seventh.
While entranced gives aid and advice which
will overcome your enemies, remove family
troubles, restore lost affections, make man-lags
with the one you love no failure, remove influ-
ence, bad habits, cures witchery, fits and long-
standing and mysterious diseases; will give cor-
rect Information on law suits, sickness, death,
divorces, absent friends, etc.
N. B.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed byraall.
Send stamp for circular, with special terms.
To MRS. DR. F. CLARK. 1023% Market st.
RETURNED— Mrs. Mandena, medium and
palmist; readings this week, 25 cents; satis-
faction guaranteed. 234% Sixth st.
EVELYN" FOWLER, mind reader and palm-
ist Call 120 Ellis st. room 4. • '
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 148 6th. rrrt. 10.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE, card reading.
417 Bush st, rooms 9 and 10. ;
CLAIRVOYANT card reader: 10c; ladles only.
543 Natoma st, bet. Sixth and Seventh.
MME. ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clair-
voyant and card reader. 1169 Mission, nr. Bth.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader: 28c up. 73 Fourth st. near Mission.
MME DR. ANNA THOMAS, first in her pro-
fessloni has removed to 218 Stockton st.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. B. ha i "Mann, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practices, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20. teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
A SINGING and Operatic training school, Paris
graduate; course opens Jan. 5; term, 6 mo.,
$75; languages. French and Spanish, begin
Jan. 5; course. $30: Special training during
second term for Paris Exposition, 1900. Rooms
6 and 20, Mercantile bldg., 530 Golden Gate ay.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; indi-
vidual Instruction in shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English
branches, etc.; life scholarship, $50; low. rates
per week and month.
SPECIAL Instruction, penmanship, bookkeep-
ing and English; preparation for high schools
and universities. Call 11 a. m. to 3 p. m., 7
to 9 p. m., room 454, Parrott building.
PROF. MERKI. 1008 Mission, nr. Sixth— Violin,
mandolin, guitar, juvenile class, $1 monthly;
guitarists wanted for mandolin club; no dues.
A LADY" teaches piano & mandolin thoroughly;
50c hour; excellent pianist & accompanist for
entertainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavia st.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit. ; day & eve. ;
est 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
ZITHER lessons given by Max Maler. 526 Turk
st, bet. -Larkin and Polk; zithers, music and
strings always on hand. ,
SPANISH school; new term Jan. 3; daily; $3
a mo. ; 4 to 9. Room 10, Y. M. C. A. bldg.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory In
Leiiislc; lessons, 7.'.c 130 Hyde st.
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano, cornet, mando-
. lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE.. 3941 24th st "
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
ket st; 400 positions secured In last 2 years.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr. 572 Parrott bldg.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
NO fee unless successful. W. P. ADAMS, rm.
607. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Market st
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st. .
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collection,
free advice; open evgs. Atty McCabe. 103 Larkin.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket: consultation free: no fees In advance.
•-. 1 1'li.W UPPERS.
All typewriters sold and rented, few partly
used for sale. cheap; send for ; samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND, $25; Caligraph, $15; Yost, $25;
get sample work. SCOTT, 333 Montgomery st.
PERSONALS.
HEALTHY" brunette girl baby for adoption.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
ARE YOU BALD?— We guarantee to grow hair
on bald heads, stop hair tailing out and re-
store gray hair to its original color; cure
eczema and dandruff; all forms "of scalp dis-
eases a specialty; no pay until satisfied;
remedy sent to all parts of the country pre-
paid. THE HIRSUITINE CO.. Hair Spe-
cialists, St. Anns building, 6 Eddy st. .
LEDERER'S QUINONIA gives a healthy
growth to the hair and a fine gloss; 35c bot-
tle. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton St.; try it.
LEDERER. the leading hairdresser, price 25c,
does the" hair up in only the most approved
styles; switches, $1 up; LEDERER'S FOAMO,
fine shampoo, 5c package. 123 Stockton st.
PARTIES with $5 00 to $500 to join advertiser
in opening sanitarium for cure chronic
diseases; entirely new enterprise. Call or ad-
dress .M. MERGENS, Ills Howard, rms. 1 & 2.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR— will gladly tell any
one sending me stamp of a remedy which en-
tirely cured me. . MRS. N. DAVIS, 301 Stev-
ens st, Camden, N. J. ■ ■ •
PARTIES with $5 to J.")'.*) to join advertiser in
opening sanitarium for cure of chronic dis-
eases; entirely new enterprise. Call or address
rooms 1 and 2, IBS Howard. M. MERGENS.
MRS. KATE BLAIR, scientific palmist. 143
. Phelan building, third floor, San Francisco.
RATNER CLOAK CO., manufacturer? of
cloaks, capes, ' jackets, ladies' tailor-made
suits, removed to 3028 Market st.
NOTICE TO INVESTORS!
Wave motor, the most scientific and practi-
cal one ever patented, can be seen In full
working order for a few days at 523 Mission
St.; patent rights for the United States, Brit-
ish North America and Germany; this is a
rare chance for a tew men with a little capi-
tal to invest in a company that will harness
the waves for work, the power of the future.
JOSEPH GREVEN, vocal instructor, has
proved that by his recent discoveries he can
cure the weakest, faultiest voices and develop
them to the greatest power and beauty; con-
sultation of 20 minutes, $2 50; terms per
month moderate. For further particulars call
rooms 121 and 122. Murphy building, corner
Market and Jones sts.; reception hours,
Wednesdays and Saturdays, 2 to 3.
PICTURE framing with glass, now cheaper
than ever; 7x9 inches, 10c: 10x12, 15c; 12x16,
20c: 14x17, 25c; 36x2'J. 30c; 18x22. 35c; 20x24, 45c:
| 22x28, 60c; curtain poles complete, with wood
or brass trimmings, 15c; room molding, all
colors, lc per foot: colored pictures, studies,
etc.. 3 for 10c. JONES, 547 Mission St., bet.
First and Second. Open evenings.
WIDOW with nice home would take woman
in confinement or invalid man or woman;
good home and good care. Address MRS. H.
GOODHEART, Fruitvale, Cal.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO, MATTHEW, 703 Fifth, Oakland.
THE Gastronome Restaurant, formerly the
Poodle Dog. will remain open at the same
place as before, the kitchen being under the
direction of one of the best chefs In the city.
A. GAUDARD, Prop., cor. Bush and Grant
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third st. , near Market: 200 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CHRISTMAS Sale— Japanese bamboo furniture;
all kinds to order; wholesale and retail: coun-
try orders. K. YOSHITANI C 0.," 313 Sutter.
CLOTHING, especially ladies' and children's;
highest price; postal. H. Fabian, 1020 Folsom.
STAMP Albums, best Christmas present ; stamps
bought. W. Sellschopp & Co., lis Stockton st.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Sth St., Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth. ■
DRESSMAKERS.
LEARN dressmaking, ladies' tailoring, mil-
linery; special offer this week; perfect fitting
patterns. McDowell School, 103 Post st.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market: men and women teachers.
LODGING lIOUSKS FOR SALE.
H. c. DECKER. 1 Market st...opp. Fifth.-
-26-room house; rent $50 750
6-room flat; rent $22 * " 250
14 rooms; on Sutter st 450
82 rooms; reduced from $5000 to 2500
12 rooms: on Market st. ; rent $40 450
10-room house; only .' - 150
21 rooms; corner; clears $150. 550
46 room house; corner 1200
Abstracts furnished showing dear title..
No contract from buyer or seller required.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st. "
A— KREDO & CO ...22H Geary st.
Money Advanced on All Houses.
10 rooms, Taylor: rent only $35 $325
10 rooms, Powell new and nice '600
in rooms, Eddy; best little transient 500
12 rooms, elegantly furnished;' boarding.... 850
12 rooms, Ellis st.; clears $50 500
13 rooms, all new; Howard st - "0
14 rooms, all hay windows; corner SOO
20 rooms. Mission: housekeeping 800
22 roooins, best corner in city '. ISOO
And others. Call and get list KREDO.
A— slooo— corner lodging house-; posi-
tively clears $100. At SPECK & CO.'S, 602
Market st. . .
$450— ELEGANTLY furnished house, 10 rooms
and bath; rare bargain; paying well;- no
agents. 823 Howard.
NEWLY" furnished house of 7 rooms," all rented
price $250; terms. 323 Taylor st.
37 LIGHT, sunny rooms, rent, $40; price, $750.
739 Folsom st. '■>", ■
LADIES. if you need money call .on UNCLE
HARRIS, 3.' Grant aye., near Market st.
FURNITURT FOR SALE.
FURNITURE for sale of 7-room flat; perfect
condition; reasonable. Box 543, Call.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS engines, 2d-hand machinery. MC-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-11*7 Fremont st.
A— BAR outfits, counters, shelving, showcases
(all sizes), office fixtures, cash ' register,
scales, coffee mills, etc., bought and sold; es-
timates given. J. SCHWERDT, 821 Mission.
A BARGAIN— New modern cottage; 1105 Cas-
tro st., near Twenty-third. Apply to owner,
164 Precita aye.
AM. Iron Wks., 515 Sixth — Second-hand Deane
duplex pump, 7-&X10; 21-in. pinner & matcher.
ENCYCLOPEDIA Brltannica: best binding;
complete; goo- as new; a bargain. Box 672,
Call office. ■
WAGONS, buggies, carts and harness at Fif-
teenth and Valencia sts.
ANGORA kittens. 557 Ellis st.
FOR SALE— 2 houses to be removed corner
Polk and Willow aye.; 1 8 rooms and bath: 1
6 rooms and bath. O. D. BALDWIN & SON.
22 Montgomery st.
FINE thoroughbred Great Dane pups; (5 weeks
old; full pedigree given. 216"^ Sixth st.
FOR SALE— Fine walnut standing desk; very
cheap. 206 Kearny St., room 609.
INCUBATOR cheap; a fine California; 500 eggs;
good as new; $25. 130S Wood St., Oakland.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN. 1017-1019-3021-1023 Mission St..
above Sixth.
FIRE proof safe for sale; cheap. 42 Main
street.
A 6 H. P. gasoline marine engine; almost new;
cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
TOOLS & machinery, every description, bought,
sold & exchanged; send postal. 648 Mission.
SAFES— Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand: all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
SIX ho-sepower Zenith gas engine: nearly new.
Cal. Belt Co.. 519 Mission: tel. Br. 331. *
ONE and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap.
TTT-FSCUMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
DENTISTS? \
A METAL plate for the same price as rub-
! ber: full set of teeth, $5; crowns, $3; fill-
ings, 60c; teeth without plates a specialty:
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no students employed; extracting free
when plates are ordered; consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason sts. Entrance 8 Mason st. .:-:;
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns $2, bridges $4; rub-
ber or flexible plates $3: received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years. ■:•
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth. $5 up; fillings, 25c up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
997 Market St., corner Sixth.
FULL set of teeth, $4: fillings, 25c; 22k. gold
crowns, $3; gold bridge, $5; plates repaired;
painless extraction guaranteed. N. Y. DEN-
TISTS. 969 Mission st .
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st, near
Eleventh: crowns, - bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny: set of teeth
$4; filling, gold, SOc; stiver. 25c; crowns, $3.
THE Esmond dental parlors, 43 6th— Crown and
bridge work specialists; crowns $3; est." 15 yrs.
ALL -work reasonable and . warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY', 1320 Market st
~«JSIN*ESS CHANCES.
DELICACY and dairy produce in large mar-
.ket; good horse and wagon. KREDO & CO.
$6000: BAZAAR; will invoice price asked;
best town on Coast; clears 1300. KREDO &CO. .
A— s4soo; DRUG store; value in stock; $10 dally;
best in city. KREDO A- CO., 22% Geary st.
A— ssso; grocery and bar: flne living rms.: good
cor. for business. KREDO & CO., 22% Geary.
$325- -Groeery and bar;, 4 rms.; cheap rent; bar-
gain. Mclaughlin & CO.. 777 Market st.
$350— SALOON, board and lodging house on
city front: bargain on - count of sickness.
MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market street.
NOTICE— To buy or sell a business of any
kind see MENZEL & CO.. 7 Grant aye.
DELICATESSEN store; good location;
pays well; living rooms connected; good rea-
son fpr selling. MENZEL & CO.. 7 Grant aye.
WANTED— this unexcelled oppor-
tunity is offered to party with capital; $300
per month, 4 hours' work daily and '- 2 the
profits, which are $1000 and upward monthly;
strictly cash business and absolutely no risk;
state amount of capital or no attention will
be paid. Address box 562, Call office. .
CHANCE seldom offered for best-located lodg-
ing house in town; 35 rooms: cheap rent:
first class, steady and transient trade; a
great bargain to make immediate sale on ac-
count of sickness in family; half cash If nec-
essary-. Apply premises. 110 Ellis, nr. Powell.
OLD-ESTABLISHED newspaper and job print-
ing office for sale or exchange for other prop-
erty. Address P. O. box 327, Los Gatos. Cal.
CHANCE seldom offered to buy wood and coal
yard cheap: good reason for selling; an old
stand; investigate. Box 572, Call offlce.
WANTED— Partner to open second-hand busi-
ness. Apply 3339 Howard, rm.,l. bet. 9 and 11.
FOR Sale— Model Restaurant. 1212% Polk st.;
on account of sickness. Apply Immediately.
MACHINE shop foundry must be sold Im-
mediately; death proprietor. Address 340 Oak.
■ WANTED— A medium-sized cigar store in a
lively location. Address box 551. Call.
PARTY would like to purchase morning paper
route. Address box 574 Call office.
PAYING dairy store; great sacrifice; no op-
position. 1702 Leavenworth st.
BAKERY and oven to rent, with 4 rooms and
store. 2-0y Twenty-third st.
WELL stocked candy store; must sell at once.
187 Seventh st. . .
A FIRST class barber shop for sale. Inquire
at 12 Geary street.
$350 WILL buy a candy and Ice cream parlor
ncieiy fitted up and centrally located in the
best candy town in the State. Address B.
WILLSON, San Jose, Cal.
A— $1000; STAPLE grocery stock; monthly sales
$800: horse, wagon, fixtures; well located.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO., 460 Eighth
St.. Oakland.
BARBER shop in country for sale; with baths;
4 living rooms; good business. Inquire F.
PERINO. 122 Third St.. San Francisco.
FINE little saloon; must sell, account of leav-
ing city. 306 Minna st.
GOOD paying saloon for sale; open all night
Inquire liquor store. 791 and 795 Mission st
BRANCH bakery for sale: terms reasonable.
Address box 545, Call office. ■
WELL located millinery store in thriving town
of 2000: doing cash business; rare bargain.
Apply Call office. ' .
BARBERS notice— First-class shop tor sale.
Inquire 602 Clay st.
$300- : -BARGAIN; business earning from $4 to
$10 per day. Particulars box 542, Call.
PARTNER with some means by expert wine
man for opening neat, respectable wine
room with family trade. Box 518, Call offlce.
BUTCHER business for sale or exchange for
ranch projiertv; good business: well
equipped. Address P. O. box 563, Modesto, Cal
FOR sale— Barber shop 1 chair; good business;
cheap. 911 Kearny st.
COFFEE, tea and spice solicitors headquarters;
supplied as .wanted at lowest prices. 107-109
Beale st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento St.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam. Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
3'S and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone ' South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
semi to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tei. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; teL" Jessie 944.
J, E. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 Hth
st. : cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carfiet-bea'ting Works, 338 Golden
G « t e aye.. tei. East. 126. .
houses"to t let?
Send for circular: houses to let all parts of
city. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
JACKSON, 1518- $25; 7 rooms and bath; put In
goo.d order; water- extra. .
PERRY. Bay-window house, 4 rooms;
rent $12 50; water free. ■ Apply to G. H.
UMBSEN & CO.. Incorporated. "
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st-
$3 OR $30,000 to loan you on pianos,* without re-
moval, at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.,
near Market st.
12-ROOM house: flne for renting rooms. 29 Oak
sr.. near Market. Apply at* 15 Grant aye.
COTTAGES TO LET.
4?~5?6. 7, 8 ROOMS, new; $8 to $20 per mo.: or
will sell on terms of $50 to $250. cash; bal-
ance $10 to $30 per month. THE MCCARTHY
COMPANY-. 6-16 Market st. '•
ELLIS, 1519 4 rooms, yard and cellar. . $14;
2253 Geary. 5 rooms, bath, $12. '
FURNISHED FLATS.
NEW furniture, 7-room corner flat, near
Kearny; half cost. Box 658. Call office. -
~ FLATS TO LET.
A— (10 TO 30 days free)— clean flats, $7
to $11. At A. M. SPECK & CO.'S, 602 Market.
CHEAPEST flat in the city, 1220 A Leavenworth-
st; 6 -rooms and bath. MADISON & BURKE.
EDDY, 1875— $10; look at It; convenient to
all car lines.
ELLIS. 2049— Fine flat of 6 rooms and bath;
large yard and water free; $20 per month.
GEARY, Elegant flat of 4 rooms; rent $15.
HARRIET, 337. near Sixth and Brannan—
flats, rooms; newly papered, painted; $9, $10.
MARKET, 2565— Lower flat to let; 5 rooms; all
sunny; part of a house; rent reasonable.
RENT reduced $12; 536 A Sixth st. ; lovely flat;
4" rooms; hall; folding doors; mantel; large
yard: rear entrance.
SUNNY upper flat. 6 rooms and bath; rent
reasonable. 43 Shotwell st, near Fourteenth.
SUTTER, 1613. near Laguna— 7 rooms and bath;
rent $30. ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Mont-
gomery st.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3727— upper flat, 5
rooms and bath; rent cheap.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
$16 AND $18; modern double bay-window flats,
6 and 7 rooms; 15 Henry St., between Sanchez
and Noe. $12; bay-window flat, 4 room.-, 3705
Seventeenth st.
$22 MODERN 5-room upper' flat. 125 ASh
aye., between Polk and Van Ness aye.
$1,000,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches and
Jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS.• 15 Grant aye...
near Market st. ■ " '
BOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. "
A SUITE of 2 large nice sunny front rooms,
complete for housekeeping; kitchen -and bed
room; furniture all new; $2" per. week. 13 per
month: no children. Apply at shoe 5t0re, .562
Mission St., bet. First- and Second sts.
ALVA. May, Laura and all young and beaut I .
ful ladles are notified that the highest amount
is loaned on watches, diamonds and Jewelry
at UNCLE HARRIS*. 15 Grant aye.. near
Market st. • ' •
BUSH, 675 — Bay window suite "and kitchen for
housekeeping.
CAPP, 329—2 sunny rooms, upstairs, complete
for housekeeping; bath. '.
CLEMENTINA, 707—2 nice rooms for house-
keeping; laundry and bath; reasonable.
ERIE. 47—2 neat, cozy housekeeping rooms, *$ - 9.
FIFTH, 353— Clean furnished housekeeping; 3 ,
rooms, $12; also single, $5, $3 and $2. •
EDDY, 473— The Weldon, large finely .furnished
front room with kitchen, complete, adjoin--
ing; gas range. '--. r : .
EDDY, 915—2 large furnished sunny rooms; flne 1
location; private residence. -
FIFTH. 309 — New house; nicely furnished con-,
nectlng suite; hskpg; grate; running water.
FOLSOM, 1135— sunny rooms complete for
housekeeping: rent $32 50.
GREEN, 638 Changed hands; 45 rooms, thor-
o ugh] v renovated: housekeeping rooms and |
single rooms: $1 25 to $3 50 per week.
GROVE, 202. corner Van Ness aye.— Suite, of. 3
sunny unfurnished rooms, with gas range. ' .
HARRIET. Two furnished housekeeping
rooms; eh« a .
HOUSEKEEPING RO^*|^— Co^tnncd.
- HARRISON, 925— one large unfurnished
room for housekeeping.
; HOWARD. S33— Suites, housekeeping, $10; sin-
, gle, $7; also other rooms.
; HOWARD 1822— Newly furnished sunny front
room, $6 per month; private family.
I JONES, 2056— Tw0 sunny front unfurnished
rooms, bath, laundry: $8.
JUNIPER, 424- Furnished rooms for house-
keeping; use of kitchen. ; |
1 LARKIN ' MS"— 3 neat sunny housekeeping
rooms; also front room, kitchen. $15 up.
LEAVENWORTH. 517—2 unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; downstairs. ___^
* LEWIS. 18. off Taylor, near Post— rooms and
> kitchen, unfurnished, $!(.. •
. MARTHA pi.. 4. ofT Geary, bet. Mason and
Taylor— 2 large unfurnished rooms, $10.
' MCALLISTER, 422— Large sunny front room
and kitchen. -.:; ;" ■'_: yy
MINNA, 322 — Housekeeping rooms, complete;
suites of rooms with grates in.
MINNA, 546— Furnished' rooms complete for
housekeeping; sun all day.
MISSION. 868, near Sth— Suit of 2 nice sunny
housekeeping rooms; pleasant and cheap.
.
MISSION, 1125%— Sunny furnished room for
light housekeeping, $6 per "month.
MISSION 1729%. near Thirteenth— or 2 house-
keeping rooms; folding bed; stove; bath;
laundry; $6.
! NEW MONTGOMERY, 105— Sunny front house-
keeping rooms; also single, 10c to 15c night.
OAK, 119—1 sunny front room complete for
light housekeeping, $5.
SCOTT, 1614— First floor of 3 unfurnished
rooms; bath; garden; $16; adults only.
• SIXTH. 216%— Sunny front rooms for light
housekeej>ing; also back rooms; reasonable.
SIXTH, . 420— Bay-window housekeeping suite
complete; $11 and $10; water; closets; bath.
UOUTH PARK, 184—2 sunny rooms, nicely
' furnished for housekeeping; r *, $10.
TEHAMA 478, near Sixth— 6 sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms. $15.
TURK, 35 — unfurnished connecting rooms for
housekeeping; gas. running water; reasonable.
VAN NESS, 43— Sunny housekeeping rooms;
also corner rooms suitable for dentist.
ROOMS TO LET.
, ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
BURNETT, 3361 Market Nicely furnished
rooms; suites and single also, unfurnished.
AT Stockton, • 212— Sunny front rooms; suites,
single; facing plaza; day or month.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Elegant corner sunny
suites and single rooms to families and gen-
tlemen; all conveniences; elevator, etc.; rea-
sonable.
BRUNSWICK— Sixth st, corner Howard-
rooms en suite or single, 25c to $1 a night;
$1 25 to $5 week; open all night; Howard-st.
cars pass house direct from all trains.
.BUSH, — Sunny bay window, single room;
' reasonable..
BUSH. 629— Neatl* furnished front room; very
reasonable. ; .:'
CLAYTON, 412— Suite of parlors in cottage;
near Panhandle; board If desired.
COLTON House, 220 Third— Single suites; light
housekeeping;. $5 up; brick building; yard.
DELAWARE. 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY, 118— Sunny pleasant furnished rooms;
central; very desirable; $6 per month upward.
EDDY, '207— Nicely furnished sunny double
rooms; $7 upward; bath; gas.
EDDY, 468— Nicely furnished single rooms; $6
up; private. ".v.
EDDY, 926— Furnished rooms; sunny, nicely
furnished; rent reasonable; also for house-
keeping.
EDDY, Nicely, furnished sunny room for
i gentleman.
EIGHTEENTH, 3438— Furnished or unfurnished
sunny housekeeping rooms to let cheap.
ELLIS, 540— Sunny cor. house; nicely furnished
rooms; light hskpg if desired; gas; bath.
ELLIS, Sunny furnished side room; gas;
bath; reasonable.
FIFTH. 438 (Mechanics' House)— single
or suite, $1 wk. up; transient. F. W. Gardener.
FIRST, 228— Central location; 5 sunny rooms;
rent cheap.
FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth— Furnished rooms;
..ft per week. .. a
GEARY", 14A— Nice sunny bay-window suite
and other rooms; day, week or month; Cheap.
GEARY, Large front room; also "single;
gas; bath; private family.
GEARY, 481— Sunny room; hot water, bath,
■ closet, gas; gentleman preferred.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission — Pleasant 6unny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week. ■■ v. .;
HARRISON, 784%, nr. Finely furn. sunny
rms.; bath; all conven" nces ; home-like; cheap.
HOWARD, S23— Nicely furnished room for one
or two gents; hot and cold water; bath; also
transient; quiet ', _2_77 :
JESSIE, 333— Large furnished bay-window room
. suitable for 2, $9; single room. $5.
LARKIN, Large sunny front neatly fur-
nished, $8; large unfurnished. $4 50; single,
furnished, $4. • -
MARKET, 1032;' near Mason— furnished
rooms and housekeeping; double or single;
J5- up.
MASON, 225— Nicely furnished sunny front bay-
window room; $2 per week up. ■
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 1220— Sunny front alcove room, grate;
1 for light housekeeping; running water.
MISSION; 2617—1 large sunny front room fur-
nished or unfurnished. ■ ,
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
PIEDMONT House, 119 A 6th— Nicely furnished
sunny front .rooms; double, single; first-class.
PINE 514 A. near Kearny — Nicely furnished
. Sunny rooms; single or en suite; moderate.
PINE. 1006; the Victor — Beautiful, sunny
suites; single rooms, excellent board: ref.
POLK 717— Nice sunny furnished front room;
bath' and grate; privilege of light housekeep-
ing: rent cheap. -
POWELL. Fomerly "Cosmos Club"— Ele-
gantly furnished rooms: reasonable. <
STEVENSON*? 642, bet. 7th and Large fur-
nished sunny front room; grate: light house-
keeping if desired; bath; central. *
SEVENTH, 179— New" house, newly furnished:
modern, sunny; single or spite: $6 to $20 mo.
SHERMAN Apartmeht' House. 28* Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SITTER, 1111— Clean and comfortably fur-
j -nished rooms; single and en suite; reasonable.
SELL your furniture to UNCLE HARRIS. IS
Grant aye., near Market st.
TAYLOR, 407— A sunny, front room, nicely fur-
nlghed; with grate; gentlemen preferred.
TURK, 126— Furnished rooms for man and
Wife; also single room for gentleman. ,
1 PRIVATE room for gents and two for ladles,
where those who wish to borrow money on
watches and lewelry hre waited on. at UN-
CLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.. nr. Market st
$5 A MONTH— Bed and sitting room combined;
sunny; furnished. Box 569. Call office.
7- ROOMS AND HOARD.
FELL, 26—2 nicely furnished sunny rooms," with
board; reasonable; gas; gents preferred.
FIRST. 415— Swedish private", boarding, with
room, $4 a week up: elegant parlor suite.
FO.LSOM.' 1530— Front room lor two; also sin-
gle, room; board; call after 4.
HOTEL Falrmount, 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture; first class In every respect: table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water; elevator;
suites,' with board 'for 2, $50 a month up.
HOTEL Sutherland. .791 Sutter ■ st., corner
Jones— Best location in city: elegantly fur-
nished; first-class in every respect; excellent
table; elevator; suites with board J5O upward.
HOWARD, 2606— Large- sunny rm., grate, large
closet, with board for 2, $35: one, $23.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
cellent-board; special ' rates for 2 or -more.
PIANOS and trunks stored- and m one y loaned
on them at UNCLE HARRIS", 15 Grant aye..
• near Market st.
SUTTER, 112S— Elegant room and board; loca-
tion unsurpassed: reasonable.
■■ —
CHILDREN HOARDED.
WANTED— ChiId to board; -German family.
Address bax 548, Call office. . -
T — — *^"^"™ —^ ■— -— — — — ■— ■— — —
OFFICES TO LEx'.
A SUNNY center, suitable for offices; single
or Suite. 1206 Market st' cor. Golden Gate.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.—
Light, heat, "Janitor and telephone; remits $12 69
to $20. ASHTON-.& GARDNER, room 210.
• • • ._• CITY REAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
;'.. Real Estate Agents.
14 Montgomery st.
lESg^-"^ CORNER BUSINESS LOT
- $900— Real bargain; one-half block from Mls-
. e'loii St.; corner; 33x119; a snap. ;
CHEAP BUILDING LOT. . » ,
... •.• $1200— Near Fourteenth, Church and Market
\y sts.; 25x125.
"°° "'-. BUILDING LOT-VERY CHEAP.
. $1350— Near Valencia and Market sts,; lot
""" ready to build on; level; small flats would pay
'*._: good Interest.
NEAR MARKET AND GOUGH STS.
. ■■ ' '$1500— Lot near junction of Market, Valencia
.and Gough sts.; street accepted by the .city;
good lot fur 4 tenements; bargains.
' 7-i- COZY COTTAGE VERY CHEAP.
. $1500 Cozy cottage, 6 rooms; nice flower gar-
"den; lot 2(ix76; handy to several lines of street
cars; will be sold on very easy terms.
"*'■ °°'" • COTTAGE— VERY CHEAP.
'-. $3800— One-hnlf block from Mission-st. cars:
: 'cozy cottage, 5 rooms, bath, bay windows, brick
■*"•■"' -"-foundation, etc.; large lot, 31:6x150; this is a
. . ....snap;" will be sold on easy terms.
'"■••:-..■•' GOOD* SMALL INVESTMENT.
"„ . ".;*.' $2000—3 tenO«*-ents and lot; rent $30 per month;
>". .'jpear Fourth arid Folsom sts.
WESTERN ADDITION LOT.
I ! *•:"■-•'. >— Must be sold; no reasonable offer re-
.' -."-..-, "fused; good location for 6 flats.
. : '-.."-.-• ' ■ TWO VERY CHEAP FLATS.
, .-.;'■ $2900—2 substantial flats of 5 and 4 rooms and
1 : ..'-'bath each; brick foundation, etc., and lot;
• •'; | rents $250 per annum.
GOOD SMALL INVESTMENT,
$5000 — Vallejo St.: 2 flats of 4 rooms and bath
each; brick foundation; street accepted; rents
.;fes4 per annum.
!* • MISSION FLATS -VERY CHEAP.
$3750— ..veil St.: rents $39 per month; 2
-'flats and cottage and lot; this is a splendid
.offering.
'•" "v." WESTERN ADDITION INVESTMENT.
-'. .$6150— Golden Gate aye. ; 2 substantial houses
'-'of* 6 rooms, bath, laundry, basement, '-etc.,
.'••each; 31:6x57:6; rents $4S, which can be- con-
: o .'". -Jfiderably increased. '?•:-„
••*""V**DEVISADERO-STREET RESIDENCE VERY
'■■--. . CHEAP.
'*•' ."*.' $6500— A very nice place; modern, 2-story and
\. ; •■■ps'semf-nt. bay-window residence of 7 rooms and
° '. "". feth; 25x110; Presidio Heights.
NINETY-ONE LOTS. "
' •.s7soo— We have 91 lots. 24x100, several corners.
".. -. In Ocean View; this is very cheap and a good
• 7', speculation.
. '•'•". -Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Rec-
■•■..-irds." which contains a list of properties for
■...'■ .'.-sale In ail parts of the city.
;' '■ '7 : G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
; • ." ...'-; 14 Montgomery st.
■-■-?■ ■ 7PAYS BIG INTEREST!
'•-.' * PAYS BIG INTEREST*.
.:.- ": ':'■ 3 " ■ iS BIG INTEREST!
7-7 •*' -- •-'„*. RENTS, PRICE, $8500.
■".- --.'-Four fine flats, south of Market st In Al
; condition; new plumbing, etc.
7 ■:■■■■.;■ A DOWNTOWN BUY.
'..'.-•* Downtown close to Powell St.; a ' -room
'••-.' • .house; rents $100 -monthly: partially furnished;
- Fplendid sunny lot, 27:6x137:6; price cut to make
:':'-■ -immediate sale to $9500; it's cheap.
7"". "'• v- •„ 37:6 FEET FRONT.'
'■■■'■ 7- On side street, near Market.', a ' -story
'"•'• "brick house of 9 rooms, b.ith and two patent
'.. - '■■".waterclosets: ln good condition; will always
; •» '■■;•' rent; a fine investment property; Only $3000.
7.'-\ '•;*'.' FINE WEBSTER-STREET CORNER.
* '-. 27:6x90; good business location: old improve-
. ments rent for $."<! monthly; owner anxious to
..""• ■ sell ; reduced to $6000.
- ' .'*?• IN PANHANDLE DISTRICT.
;' *■' Three flne new modern flats; bring $S0 rent;
• •.". ■■ price $8500.
',[';} .-■"•", PAGE-STREET LOT.
".".'•'•' Sunny Page-st. lot, near Scott;: 2sxl37^6; only
;-. •.-'.- $2250.
"••"7.. .- IN PACIFIC HEIGHTS. Ipl
•'"'•: -"A corner lot, 30x110; commanding the marine
vV 7\ view; price 84000. ■
y'-i ''■'■' ; IN PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
;-* " -.-'Fine key lot, 27:6x137:6, with marine view;
'.',-.'■ • -JSQOO residence being built adjoining; only
-- .■.'.'•■'-'52500. - v . -
-yy--'.- :s2oCh>— Splendid residence lot on line of Pre-
* sidio grounds, commanding fine marine viefv;
*.'■■ "'.50 feet frontage.
':■:' '■::'. . CHEAP - RICHMOND LOT.
:'.."•■ .' . Ob California St., near Twelfth ive.; the
cheapest lot in the Richmond; 85x100 'feet;
.:• 7,. price $650. >
,-'. : ."'• .".Send for our list of Presidio, Pacific Heights
... . ;  and Panhandle cheap lots.
••"..",.■•• McAfee BROS. McAFEE BROS..
: -:' . .". IOS Montgomery ft. San Franc! soo. i al.
.':? ' YES, SIR! IT'S TRUE!
■ ; ; . . * '.That we have a way by which all the
i. '..money you now throw away renting a home
"'...•' can be saved. It costs you no more monthly
-'.■:'' and aft« a very few years you own a home.
..-v.- "On. the HEYMAN TRACT are over 100 for-
.-.:• -.nier rent i ayers. 1 ; a '"--
-.-...'•'. .- _' Three more new homes in the Heyman Tract
•;/•"' that can be had in easy monthly payments.
"..". : , We .will gladly show you these homes.
. i".;' t .- ... , JACOB HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery st.
...'.'. 'Bt'ILDING lots ln different parts of the city
.;'"."• / -on $5 monthly payments.
■-■:V - .-$5. monthly. $100; level building lots. 25x120;
;- only 1 block from San Mateo electric cars. JA-
. COR. HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery St.
$7 50 MONTHLY payments will buy a lot 25x
100, • with 2 cars; 1 block from the Ocean
":'-. boulevard and electric road: can be rented
":•„■- o for $5 monthly: 3 already sold. JACOB HEY-
• V. 0 MAN. '11 Montgomery st.
',; •' 2 LOTS cheap on Uth aye., in Sunset Heights.
-,v."'.= ready for building; $10 monthly. JACOB
■7 •••'• HEYM 11 Montgomery st.
/'.. BUY A LOT ~ ~~
.**:•: FOR NEW YEAR'S
; '• $. down and $5 a month; no Interest; no taxes,
*.-... ' As a special New Year's offering we will
7;°" sell a few choice lots near Castro st. and Gien
Park.
ONLY $250 EACH. ONLY $250 EACH.
Lots are 25x114, finely situated, and only .*>
blocks from Castro st. cars; they are the best
lots ln the market for the price.
JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st.
O. F. YON P. HE I.N .-.- CO., "
\ -•' 513 California st.
."!• . IMPROVED.
■'. $25,000— Market St., adjoining Oriel Hotel;
"■ 27:6x104; frontage on 2 streets; sold to close an
*- -...- 'estate.
1 **■•;'*. 45:10x137:6; full water lot; Improved; leased
•"•"■• -• for 6 years at $250 iwr month.
"' - Montgomery aye. through to Washington St.;
■;'*• brick improvements; rents $190.
137:6x137:6; come, of Leavenworth and Green-
wich sts.: in rooms and bath; rents $50: $32,000.
; • 25x90; Turk st., near Laguna; 3 new fiats;
$11,000.
23x77; .son, near Taylor; rents $76; $&SOO.
". •• 25x82:6; Hayes, near Steiner; flats; rent $42 s');
." modern bay-window; $5730.
• 20x57:6; corner Dupont and Hinckley; store
and lodging-house; rents $t>s; $10,000.
21x67:9; Powell, near Vallejo; rent $18; $6230.
'..-■* 24:3x69:9; Green, near Powell; new modern
-'bay-window fiats; rents $3S; $4500.
, .' £.">x122:6; Shotwell, near 24th; "J flats; $3500.
. **- 85x80; Guerrero, near 17th: flats; 53750.
*; y. 25x ( '0; Clara, near sth; $2509.
:. ',"•• 26:9x76:9; corner Boardman place and Fargo
• place; store and flat; rent*- $28; $2200.
•'*.-• UNIMPROVED.
** .:.- 80x71:10; SE. corner Po.k and .bard.
*.'*■••,. 2-5x115; Scott, near Washington.
2'.xSs; 13th, near Stevenson, 2 lots.
'*. •'. , £3x300: Valencia bet. 33th and i; - h; 4 lots
'".'" : 25:5x114; th, near Dolores; $1000.
.". ■ ;" 60x188; corner li and 85th aye.: $1200.
• " •■•.': . Silver Terrace Homestead lots cheap.
." 7 ..-JOHN PFORR. removed to 403 PlneTt., oppo-
, . ;;•.• site the Nevada Bank.
. "' $5900— A business property on Geary st.; store
• .."and 2 flats; rent $47. * *
$46,300— Large corner, well improved; 1 block
. - "from Mason and Ellis rts.
.. . - $60.000— Splendid property; 55x137:6; Eddy and
'•*.• - J62.sCi"i-Markrt rt., m blocks from the Bald-
•win: fine 4-story house.
. ; .. $42,000— Near cor. Taylor/ and Market sts.;
. ... : large lot: stores and fiats; plan in the office to
. •'•": make this pay 10 per cent.
7 ••"".'%; $23.000— A 30 per cent ;.>ropo«itlon on Larkin
• •.'* '.'-,i6t.: best business part; rent $356.
-. ..* v 1 .s3739— Rent $30; business property, store and
..• "• flats.
':•':""-.. Ks.ooo— Reduced from $38,000: paying 8 per
. ' ;"'/.• < ■ .-*• now and will go up to $50,000.
• .;':.. $4250— Fine Park Panhandle cottage, 6 elegant
:-,*- '•.'••rooms; lot iSxV£ feet.
..' •?.'., J3G00— STEINER, near Oak; elegant lot, £sxloo.
*'•'.•;•'. and very cheap; fine neighborhood.
.! •■.•::*"" $iVK>— Beautiful cozy home; Army st., near
• "'.'"' Church; large lot; can arrange terms.
-...'•. ' $1450— Cheap boulevard lot; Ist- .- -..-., naer
,;. •.' Clay st.; 25x125.
■". .„• * $230 cash, balance like rent; new cottages in
Mission and Richmond.
.. .•"'■ McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.
:•• ;" "SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
. 7 " ROOM "A,"' CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
• "• „ SUNSET DISTRICT LOTS A SPECIALTY.
••-**; " ' Branch Office on Ninth Aye., near H st.
• • ■• . $400, $450. t-VW to $800 each; street graded. lots
•;" °. • ready to build on; $23 down, $5 monthly."
"•• • , ' Unexcelled View. Perfect Bargains.
" .Go to see them. Agents on the ground.
//. RICHMOND LOTS FROM $400 to $800.
"• ' °?109 to $300; lots near Mission-st. electric
'■ -. :■' cars; ready to build on; HO down, $5 monthly.
, • . .* . SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
'•".". ROOM "A," CROCKER BUILDING.
." .?
••■ m 'FOR SALE cheap— lots on corner of Gates
and Union sts., near Cortland-ave. school;
see my sign on lots. WILLIAM J. HERRIN,
:' . . room 15, 324 Pine st. .:.;.-
CITY REAL ESTATE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
-:• .7 -10 Montgomery st.
88500— 3 handsome new fiats of 6 rooms and
bath each; large lot; Central aye., close to
Golden Gate Park; rent $S2.
$25'"-o— Clara St.. near Fourth; lot 25x85; 2 flats,
' 4 and 6 rooms; rent $25; large mortgage ($2250);
property must be sold.
$S7so— Rent $S7; Folsom-st. corner; 5 tenants;
lot 25x112:5; a splendid interest-paying property.
$3000— A good cottage of 5 rooms and. bath in
Mission warm belt; also cottage of 6 rooms In
tear; rent $30; lot extra large.
$7250—2 fine, handsome new flats of 6 and 7
rooms and bath; best portion of Devisadero St.;
rent $62 £0; lot 25x100.
Price reduced to $2500— Business property;
Twenty-flfth st., near Church; lot 25x114; 2-story
building-, containing store and 4 rooms; also 7
rooms and bath upstairs; baker's oven ln rear
lot.
$4250— $40; Clay st., bet. Powell and
Mason; 8-story building, 6 rooms, bath, etc. •
52750— st., near Taylor; 2 flats of 4 and
5 rooms each; lot haa 2 frontages; rent $24.
Mason St., near Sutter; house of 6 rooms
and bath. ;••-,.
$4750— Large corner lot, 35x87:6; corner of La-
guna and Page sts.; good location for flats.
$20,008— Best part of' Western Addition (Pan-
handle, District); 6 handsome new flats of 4
rooms, and bath each; large corner lot; a splen-
did income property; rent $200.
$70*30 — Rent $67 50: big bargain: close to town;
Lar-Mn st. near Vallejo; 3 flats of 5 and 6 rooms
eao'.-i. . :; : y.:' .-' ■',' -yy
$3000— Powell st., near Broadway; 2 flats of
fj and 6 rooms; rent $38; street accepted.
$3300— new residence, 8 rooms; hardwood
floors; beautifully decorated rooms; latest
plumbing; street work accepted; 767, Cole St.,
•near Frederick; no reasonable offer refused.
$4150— Big bargain; Jackson St., near Baker;
"bay- window cottage of 6 rooms and bath; stable
in rear; lot 25x128. .". "
HAYES-ST. FLAT.
yt'r.O— $900 per year; 3 modern flats on
Hayes st. east of Fillmore; lot 27:6X137:6.
NEW FLATS FACING THE PARK.
$6*500 — Pays over 10 per cent: handsome mod-
ern flats on Oak st. contain all conveniences.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
ATGOOD RESOLUTION-
PUT ASIDE $5 A month
And put It where It will do the most good. Buy
a piece of real estate. The best lots for
$275 $275
— $275
Ever offered are on Eighth, Ninth, Tenth and
Eleventh ayes.. south of and not a great way
from Golden Gate Park. The terms are only
$23 cash and $3 monthly.
OVER 63 LOTS SOLD
In a very short time.
Lots and streets graded and ready for the
builders.
PARK LOTS PARK LOTS
Are bound to rise in value.
We have a branch office at Ninth aye. and
}'■ st.
Open daily Including Sundays and holidays.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st..
Regulators of Prices for Park Lots.
HOUSES built for $150 a room and up: repair
1 work done; will call. GEO. M. SALSBURY.
Builder, 521 X St., Sunset District.
BENJ. 11 LICHTENSTEIN, dealer in City real
. estate: business iiroperty and appraisements
a sjiecialty. Office. 15 Grant aye.
A 6-ROOM cottage for sale that Is to be re-
moved. 516 Franklin st.
WANTED— House 7 or 8 rooms between Larkin
and Mason. Bush and Eddy sts. Box 564, Call.
BIG l>argain— SW. corner of Jersey and Dia-
mond sts.; 114x110. with improvements. WIL-
LIAM .1. HERRIN, room 15, 324 Pine st.
cTcTbemis,
REAL ESTATE and LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
for Sale.
Choice building lot on Army and Twenty-
seventh sts.: close to electric road. ■.'
* $5000— corner for store; must be sold;
lot 62:4x60 feet. • "
$6700—50x127:6 feet on Jackson St., overlook-
leg the Presidio and bay.
60-vara on Page st.; panhandle of park.
$300— Choice building lots north of park.
Bargain— Southwest corner Fifth aye. and C
St.; 109x95 feet. - .
ALL that are troubled, whether ally, weekly
or monthly should remember that they can
borrow on their diamonds from UNCLE HAR-
RIS. 15 Grant aye., near Market st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
If. pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
- COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
WANTED— An Improved ranch for elegant cor-
ner 4-story brick building and lot; 62x100 ft.;
building cost $40,000; used as a- first-class
hotel. Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 602
Market st. j
LOVELY" country home, just completed; San
Mateo County: 2-acre grounds and 60 acres 1
additional if desired; cash or exchange; also
25 acres foothill land. San Mateo County; de- |
sirable location: unimproved. Address box
663, Call office.
$20 PER year, with privilege of buying: I.'-
-acre tract at fertile Antelope, Sacramento
County where you can raise all kinds of
grains" and fruits and make money. McEWEN
BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
COTTAGE of 4 rms.; pantry: lot 52 feet front
by 135 feet deep, in Pomona. Los Angeles Co. ;
will exchange for lot In San Francisco. Box
668, Call office.
FOR SALE— Country home of F. S. Wensin-
ger; 625 acres, with profitable dairy. Apply
to owner on premises, Freestone. Sonoma Co.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
WOULD exchange for a farm a first-class near-
ly new gasoline yacht: cost S6OOO. Mo--<-«s
with full particulars, LAUNCH, box 50$, Oak-
land, Cal.
WHAT have you good to trade, city or coun-
try, for a fine saloon, central and cheap rent?
Address box 565. Call office.
EQUITY of $5000 in city residence exchanged
for unincumbered country home; give full
particulars. 80x* 532, Call office.
PROPERTY WANTED. 7~
WANTED— From 15 to 20 acres near a station,
with or without Improvements, between Mill-
brae and Menlo Park preferred. Address
box 555. Call office.
.-J 1 , =
MONEY TO LOAN.
TO LEND, SI" MS PROM $500 TO $.-,o,o«or"at
from 6 per cent on mortgage of real estate,
for a term of years, or redeemable by Install-
ments.
Money loaned on PATENTS, INVENTIONS
FINANCED and capital procured to DE-
VELOP AND PERFECT SAME.
R. GOULD,
131 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
VAN. 1017 to 3023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
el rv at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 844-846 Market st. . tel Main 3644.
LOANS to salaried people; no security except
name. New Era Loan Co., 1003H Broadway,
J Oakland. Hours, 10 to 3.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private party. RONNEI.LI, 130 Powell st.
ANY amount of 614 per cent on real estate. 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. H. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
$15,000 IN sums to suit: reliable parties. 120
Ellis st.. room 4: until Feb. 1. .
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE. 22 Mason St., opp. Olympla Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister St.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY, 636 Market st.
$50 TO $."0,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Drvden. 433 Montgomery st.
FINANCIAL.
NOTES discounted; loans negotiated. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 328 Montgomery.
Kill 1 T VALE REAL ESTATE.
$1260 OR Installments; new modern 5-room
house; windmill, .etc.; lot 73x145; fine for
.poultry: plenty water: also monthly Income of
$!'. R. R. S.. Fruitvale P. O.
CHICKEN ranch of 3 acres; all in fruit; for
rent at $10 per month; stock and Implements
for sale. Including 60 chickens, 2 Incubators.
1 horse, 1 cart, tools, etc., all for $75. H. A.
PLEITNER, Fruitvale Station.
$150— TOR 2 choice lots, 25x125 each; U block
from electric cars; fine location. H. A
PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station.
$1050— COST owner $1800; for sale; in East Oak-
land: bay-window cottage of 4 large rooms
and bath; high basement: corner lot; 28x100
H. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station.
$1500— NEW cottage of 4 large rooms and bath;
hall, pantry, closets, marble washstand; sta-
tionary tubs; 7- foot basement; lot 50x140: all
fenced: near station. H. A. PLEITNER
Fruitvale Station.
SACRIFICE; reduced from $4500; half an
acre lot, with newly renovated house of 6
large rooms and bath: on one floor; 7-foot
basement: fruit trees "In bearing; fine arte-
sian well; located in the best residence sec-
tion of Fruitvale: only 4 blocks from station.
{ 11. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station. Cal. '
THE SAN AN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 1, 1899.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
MADISON & BURKE, Real Estate Agents.
Established ISSS. 626 Market st.
7500— McAllister st., near Fillmore; 2 large
flats; paying good income; lot 25x100.
' Must be sold— Two flne flats on Hayes st.,
near Buchanan; lot 27:6x120 to rear street; rents
very low, $55; only $7250; make offer.
$4500— Bush st., near Devlsadero; 7 rooms and
bath; lot 23x137:6.
$5250— Gough st.. near Fulton; 11 rooms and
bath; laundry and large cellar; lot 31x52:8.
1 $2000 only for a nice 2-story house in perfect
order; Hampshire st., near Eighteenth; lot 25x
, 100.
$5000— Three flats: Twenty-first Ft., near Va-
lencia; rents $39 per month; lot 22x90.
; $5000— O'Farrell st., near Devlsadero; 3 houses;
, rents $42 per month; lot 45x80.
$2900— Twenty-fifth st., near Sanches; 8
rooms -bath; 24:3x114.
$3000— Cottage and lot; Twenty-first St., near
Castro; 5 rooms and stable; 25x114.
' $4000— Webster St., near McAllister; 6 rooms
and bath and rear house; lot 25x84:6.
Hyde st., near Union; cars pass; lot 26x60;
only $2500.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
Corner on Haight and Octavia sts., 1 block
. oft Market: 37:6x100; offered low; one-half pur-
-1 chase can remain at 6 per cent.'
Corner-: only $2250; California and Locust
sts.; 37:6x107:7.
60 vara: Buchanan St., corner of Chestnut;
; $5000; 137:6x137:6. _ A
1 Church st., near Sixteenth; 50x125; only $2000 j
per lot.
$2700— Cheap; north line jersey, near Castro; j
' 80x334
$2000— California, near Broderick, 24:9x82:6.
$3500— Bryant, near Twenty-fifth; 52x100.
i $2750-Clay St.. near Spruce; 27:6x127:8.
Twenty-first St.. near Sanchez; 50x114.
$3750— .St., near Webster; 25x100.
Sixteenth St., near Castro: 25x100.
Seventh aye., near J St.: 25x120.
Jersey St.. near Noe; -25x114.
■ California st.. near Second aye.; 25x100: $800.
■ ■ MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market St.
1 OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A~LIST ' OF CHOICE" BARGAINS:
OUR OFFICE OPEN MONDAY.
$15,000— Cost $25,000; flne Lakeside residence;
corner; estate ordered sold: only land value;
adjoins two elegant mansions.
Magnificent stylish home; superior lo-
cation: one of the choicest offerings submitted
for sale In Oakland.
$10,000— Residence, 13 rooms; fine order; loca-
tion choice; Market station; mortgage $7000;
make offer.
$6560— Sacrifice; called East; nrust sell; fine
corner home, 12 rooms; near station; any terms.
$6000— Vernon Heights; near Senator Perkins'
mansion; modern S-room residence; large cor- !
ncr: grand marine and landscape view; bargain.
$5300— Modern fc-room, Gothic style; elevated |
lot; central; bank mortgage $400; make offer. \
$4000— Worth $5000; just completed; 2-story j
. colonial: & rooms; 50x168; mortgage $2600; build- I
;er bought lot sacrifice; must sell this week, !
$3650— cash: lovely new 2-story colonial j
home: 7 rooms; porcelain tub; nickel plumbing;
• gas fixtures; Clinton station. East Oakland.
$3500— Take your choice of 3 new 2-story resi-
dences, 6 and 8 rooms, just completed; man-
tels, porcelain tubs; fine neighborhood; terms,
$500 cash; easy payments.
Forced sale; mortgaged; interest un-
paid; modern cottage, 7 rooms on first flooor; 2
mantels; gas fixtures; 35x140; on best residence I
street; off Telegraph aye.: built for a home 3
years ago; in good order; $2bco can remain; goes
this week.
$2500— cash: Chester-st. cottage; 7 rooms;
40x100; cheap; .easy terms.
$2100— A speculation; bank sale: modern s-
room cottage;' business street; $200 cash, $20
month; same as rent; close to station*) snap. .
— Sacrifice; good 2-story house, 7 rooms;
lot, 100x120; near Thirty-second and Telegraph
aye.; mortgage $800; can run.
$1600— Cheap; easy terms; modern cottage, 5
rooms; Twenty-third aye. station. '
$1500— A bargain; East Oakland; good house,
6 rooms; lot 77 feet; street-car half block; must
sell; terms.
• $1250— acres; 2-story, cheap house, 5 rooms;
High st., Fruitvale; car line; elevated land;
foreclosure price; a sacrifice.
$1200-- Bay-window cottage, 5 rooms;- Twelfth
1 aye.. East Oakland; very cheap.
$1000 and $900— Neat homes; $100 cash down;
$10 month; bank sales.
OUR OFFICE OPEN MONDAY.
Call on us for bargains.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers,
Office and salesroom. 460-462 Eighth St.,
Oakland, Cal.
Elegant home Vernon Heights; a beautiful
; new residence Just built; 9 rooms; bath, recep-
tion hall, two pantries, etc.; plumbing latest
j and best; plate glass windows; hot air heater
with pipes to ail rooms and halls; lot 50x125;
more land can be had if desired. --VV. -.-.
This is certainly a model residence; picture I
of same will be sent on application; price ,
$6000; terms to suit purchaser. Lake Shore
Land Co. A. H. BREED, Manager, 1070 Broad- 1
■ way, Oakland, Cal.
$1200— 7-ROOM house; easy terms. $1300 cash—
7-room house; must sell quick. $200— Fine lot;
cement walk; must sell. $sooo— Fine corner; 10
rooms; stable; mortgage $3400; trade equity
'. " for farm. Beautiful corner; lot 80x150
feet: grand view; reduced from $7000: near
Senator Perkins' residence: other sound pro-
positions in way of investments; 30-page il-
-1 lustrated catalogue. E. E. BUNCE. 908
Broadway, Oakland.
I 7-ROOM house; Golden Gate; good lot for $1300;
only $200 cash down. C. K. KING, 902 Broad--
• way. .-.."'
. $1600— FOR 5-room house; Fourth St.. Oakland;
very cheap. C. K. KING, 902 Broadway, Oak-
land.
, NICE 5-room cottage: Santa Barbara: $800; 36
acres near Walnut Creek, $1800; 6-room house
and orchard. C. K. KING, 902 Broadway.
$8500— ELEGANT residence and grounds for
sale or part trade, by ALDEN-GARFIELD
' CO.. 902 Broadway.
! $20,000 TO loan on real estate and $1500 on fur-
niture, pianos, etc., by ALDEN-GARFIELD
CO., 802 Broadway.
A— ss MONTHLY will buy a new cottage and
two lots in the Alvin Tract; take Haywards
local train to Elmhurst station; trains stop
in front of the Alvin Tract, or Haywards
electric car to Jones aye. ; free carriage meets
electric cars Sundays. JACOB HEYMAN. 11
Montgomery st., 463 Ninth St.. Oakland.
BOARDING house of 24 rooms, all nicely fur-
nished, for rent reasonable to responsible
party. B. 11. WELCH & CO., 1353 Fifth aye..
East Oakland.
MONEY to loan on furniture and pianos at low
rates of Interest. P. KELLY. 461 Ninth st.,
Real Estate Exchange. Write for list of
bargains.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
PLEASANT room with good board for 2: cen-
tral: large yard; telephone;- home privileges.
726 Fifteenth St.. Oakland.
m -^ m^— ! j
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. 6CHELL?
HAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh st. See him.
1 ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$800—50x125 LOT on San Antonio aye.
$1100—50x268 lot on Benton st., near Santa
Clara aye.
$1500— New 5-room cottage, on Grand St.; work
all done.
$2500—60x200 house, 8 rooms; windmill '-. and
tank.
$8500—5' KIBO elegant new house, 8 rooms;
modern; at Morton-st. station; easy terms.
Bargains In all parts of Alameda. . Office
open Sundays.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1600 Park st., Alameda.
HOUSES built to order at your own prices and
on your own terms; call and see plans. J. H.
YOUNG. Builder. 1243 Park st.
HEKKIi^V REAL ESTATE.
A VERY sensible New Year's present— A love-
ly cottage of 7 rooms; all the latest improve-
ments; street work all done and near the
university; a regular poem. J. J. MASON,
real estate, Berkeley station.
$4000— FOR a new. modern house of 6 rooms;
furnished throughout with the latest style-
large lot; situated near electric and steam
cars and 'en minutes' walk to university;
. owner mint go East at once; a chance of a
lifetime. O. G. MAY & CO., 2123 Center
"st, Berkeley. -^^
RANCH of 6 acres: all Improved: almost In
center Of Berkeley: splendid land for wheat
and alfalfa, cows and chickens: will sell very
reasonable. O. G. MAY & CO.. 2123 Center
St.. Berkeley.. ... ■ ...■ ' - ..■-'..
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented ; repaired, - bought, sold;
'machine supplies. -, 145 Sixth: phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates.' 205 Fourth st. ',
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AT 55 50 PER MONTH INSTALLMENTS AND
UPWARD.
$3 50 per month rent; new pianos.
Heine upright $295 00
'Steinway upright 187 50
Chickering upright 285 00
Sohmer upright 115 00
Knabe upright 273 00 \:
And over 20 bargains from !40 up; buy direct
of manufacturer and save $50 on each piano.
Offlce of
HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO..
136 Ellis st.. Y. M. C. A. building.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for ft
... cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some go^d pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Etelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland. ■
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is . KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 23 and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. *\J
A FEW Bargains Until Christmas Only:
Sterling piano: rosewood ■ case $190
Royal. piano: oak case 197
Miller piano, rosewood case ....198
$6 per month: guaranteed 5 years.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell st.
A FINE Hardman piano; little used: price,
low for cash. Dewing Co., 2d floor Flood
bldg., piano mfts.; sole agents Hardman
piano.
THE best bargains in the city can be found
at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st. Call and see
the stock in their elegant new rooms.
WM. G. BADGER. elegant rooms. agent
WM. G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento st.. agent
for celebrated pianos of Francis Bacon of
New York and Hailet & Davis Co.. Boston.
1 SOHMER pianos are . the best. BYRON
MAUZY, Sole Agent, 308 Post St.
A FINE Steinway and new Chickering upright
sacrificed. KEEFFE'S, 1019 Van Ness aye.
ALMOST new Chickering upright; half price;
immediate forced sale. Room 21, Flood bldg.
A GOOD Fischer upright. $125 cash if sold to-
day. Boom 12. Flood building.
FINE Steinwav; great bargain. SCHMITZ.
_ 16 McAllister St.. next Hibernia Bank.
A PIANO that will , please you, the Byron
Mauzy. 308 Post st. '
HAINES Bros.' and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap; brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister.
KNARE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place. ;
HORSES.)
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 227 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
100 SET second-hand harness; wagons, carts.
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
_______
mkdTcal^
ALL ladies will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr.
Gwyer, formerly of 226 Turk St., has returned
to the city and resumed business; a sure and
safe cure for all female diseases from what-
ever cause: all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
cases before going elsewhere; they will find
her a true friend; home for patients, with
every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed by
MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy St., between
Hyde and Larkin. •
ALL cases of monthly irregularities restored
Instantly (no matter what cause): safe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fail:
travelers helped without delay; home in con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialist- free and confidential. MRS.
DR. WYETH, 208 Turk st., near Jones.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects: taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per l»x, sent free by mall
on receipt of price; consultation on all special
diseases -free. WALLER BROS., 23 Grant
aye.. S. F. A caution— Before purchasing
elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female, troubles: no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing:
every woman her own physician; safe and
sure; no medicine or instruments used; con-
sultation free; pills and capsules, $1; cure $5.
By the well-known ladies" physician for 27
years. Call and see me for a safe cure. DR.
POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause: no Instruments used: guaranteed cure
at office. $5; travelers helped instantly: hours
9 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1123
Market St., bet. Mason and Taylor.
AILMENTS— Ladies in trouble see Drs. Good-
win free: reliable, safe and sure; cure In 24
" hours guaranteed; any complaints: no instru-
ments; maternity home; best medical at-
' tendance; cure, $5. Removed from 401 D Van
Ness to 1362 A Mkt.. bet. Jones & City Hall ay.
LADlES— Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best, safe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars;
"Relief for Ladies"; letter by return mail; at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co., Phila.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned spe-
cialist: all monthly irregularities restored:
-.whatever cause; all cases relieved immediate-
ly; call or write: confidential. 1023H Market.
ALLmarried ladies know "Seguro." the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS & C 0. .406 Clay St.;
$150. Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEG U-
RO MFG. CO.. 531 X St., Sacramento, Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye.; private home in confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance; terms
moderate: infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles: no danger: safe cure: $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
MRS. L. B. BURT, massage and electric treat-
ments; positive cure for nervousness, neural-
gia and rheumatism. 355% S. Spring. Los A.
MRS. ACHARD. midwife; pleasant sunny home
In confinement. 156 Second st. ; tel. Green 52.
Bellevue Sanitarium— Ladles cared for during
confinement." 727 Bellevue aye., Los Angeles.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, ""$1 per year.
PHYSICIANS.
REMOVAL Notice— Dr. C. C. O'Donnell. office
and residence. 1021',; Market, bet. Cth and 7th
STORAGE.
A NEW fireproof brick bldg.: cut rates. SCRIB-
NER & CO., 1145 Mission St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post St.. cor. Powell: tel Main 5711
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
ARNKE— this city, December 24. 1898. to the
Wife of Henry Arnke, a daughter.
BUSH— this city. December 16, IS9S, to the
wife of Charles J. Bush, a son.
CAMPION— In this city, December 22, 1898, to
the wife of C. J. Campion, a daughter.
FENSTER— In this city, December 29, 1898, to
wife of Isldor Fenster, a son.
HEISSNER— In this city. December 19, 1898, to
the wife of George Helssner, a son.
KERR— In this city, December 30, 1898, to the
wife of George Kerr, a daughter.
KING— this city, to the wife of Albert Ed-
ward King, a son.
KRELING— this city, December 2S, 3898. to
the wife of Ben W. Krellng, a daughter.
MULLEN— this city, December 26, IS9S, to
the wife of Frank D. Mullen, a son.
MURRAY— In this city, December 3. 1893, to the
wife of James P. Murray, a son.
ROACH— this city. December 29, 1898. to the
wife of Frank L. Roach, a daughter.
ROCK— this city, December 30. 1898, to the
wife of Peter Rock, a daughter.
ROSS— In this city. December 23, 1898, to the
wife of John H. Ross, a son.
~ ~ MARRIED. ~ ~~
McGILVRAY— this city. December
31, '■1838, by the Rev. Edgar J. Lion, George
T. Coles and Hilda McGtlvray.
GODE— In this city, December 31, IS9S
by the Rev. Paul Branke, Christian H. Gode
and Marie Vogel.
GRAFF— POLLITT— In Oakland. December 27
1898, by the Rev. C. H. Hobart, Charles J.
Graff of Vallejo and Florence Pollltt of Oak-
land. "
JASPER— YON HELMS— In this city, December
23, 1898, by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, George A.
Jasper and Frida yon Helms.
LORENZEN- In this city, , De- I
cember 31, 1868, *by the Rev. J. Fuendellng,
Thomas Lorenzen and Catharine Petersen.
McCAULEY— SMITH— In this city. December
31, 1898, by the Rev. John A.-B. Wilson, D.D
William D. . Mc'.'auley and , Mrs. Fransln.i
Smith, both of San Francisco.
PETERS— LARGE— In Yuba City. December 23
1898, by the Rev. E. E. Dodge. Fred R. Peters
of Yuba City and Lizzie Large of San Fran-
cisco. '-■-•;■
PETERSEN— MERKEL— In Oakland, Decem-
ber 24, 1898. by the Rev. J. H. Theiss, Hans
.', Petersen and Caroline H. Merkel.
ROSENBACH— KORPER-In San Rafael, Au-
gust 27, lh9B, by Judge Gardner, Asher Rosen-
bach and Rose Korper, both of San Francisco.
DIED.
Beith, Annie Huybrechts, Henry
Bjorkman, John A. Jenkins, Ormond C
Buck, Sophie Klenz. Fred P.
. Cohn, Louisa Lederer, George M.
Cronin, Mary Malatesta, George M.
Davis, Eliza J. Mischler, Annie
Decker, John H. Moran. Michael
Derham. Rev. J. H. Nathan. Babetta
Edwards. Margaret Nealon, John
Engel, Bernard Quane, William
Foret, Armand Reilly, John
Flynn, Anthony Rendell, Thomas
Geherty, Julia Selna, Edward
Gilmor, Harry C. Smith. Klrby H.
Glodowskl, August Walsh, Walter J.
Goldstone, Bertha Ward, Mary
Goodman. George W. Witthack. Fred
- Gordon, Patrick 11. Wren, John R.
Helmer, William
BEITH— In this city, December 30, IS9S, Annie,
wife of John Belth, a native of Canada, aged
65 years.
C?The funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), nt 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 24 Fell street, thence to St. Joseph's
j Church, Tenth street, for services. Interment
' Holy Cross Cemetery.
BJORKMAN— San Leandro, December 31,
1898, John August, beloved husband of Au-
gusta Bjorkman, and father of Mea, Martha
and Philip A. Bjorkmaa, a native of Sweden,
aged 62 years 11 months and 20 days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from Masonic Hall.
San Leandro. . Interment San Lorenzo Ceme-
tery.
BUCK— In this city, December 30. 1898, Sophie
Buck, beloved aunt of Mrs. Jacob Young,
Mrs. Peter Miller of Sacramento and Mrs.
William Battels of Golden Gate, a native of
Bayern, Germany, aged 69 years 8 months and
8 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 200 Potrero avenue. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
COHN— this city, December 31, 1898. Louisa
Cohn, beloved mother of Hannah Cohn. Mrs.
M. Skootsky and Mrs. E. Beliveau, and sis-
ter of Mrs. Fannie Pinto, a native of Bohe-
mia, aged 70 years and 1 month. (New York
papers please copy.)
.CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
her daughter, Mrs. 'M. Skootsky, * 7 White
street, off Vallejo, between Hyde and Larkin,
thence to Third and Townsend streets. 11:30
o'clock . train. . Interment Hills or Eternity
Cemetery. :7
CRONIN— In this city, December 31, 1898, Mary
Cronin, a native of Ireland, aged 60 years.
(t?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2608 Bryant street, between Twenty-
fourth and Twenty-fifth, thence to St. Peter's
' Church, Alabama street, between Twenty-
fourth and Twenty-fifth, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DAVIS— In this city. December 31. IS9B, Louisa
Jane, beloved daughter of William H. and
Louisa Davis, a native of San Francisco, aged
1 year 3 months and 12 days.
DECKER— In this city, December 31, 1898, John
H. Decker, a native of Hanover, Germany,
aged 63 years.
E?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission street, between
Fifth and Sixth. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. ,'•>'?•."
DERHAM— A solemn requiem mass will be of-
fered for the soul of the late Rev. J. H. Der-
ham, O. P., at St. Dominic's Church. Steiner
street, Tuesday, January 3. at 9 o'clock.
EDWARDS— In Oakland, December 81, 1898,
Margaret, beloved wife of John C. Edwards,
a native of Wales, aged 72 1 ears 5 months and
1 day.
ENGEL— this city. December 30. 1898. Ber-
nard Engel, a native of Prussia, aged 64
years.
FORET— In this city, December 31, 1898, Ar-
mand Foret, beloved son of Mr. and Mrs.
Auguste Lacroix, and brother of Emile Foret,
a native of San Francisco, aged 28 years and
2S days.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday *
January 3, at 13 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 3012 Steiner street, near Union,
thence to French Church of Notre Dame dcs
Victolres, Bush street.
FLYNN— In this city, December 31, 1898. An-
thony, husband of the late Elizabeth Flynn,
a native of County Mayo, Ireland, aged 76
years.
GTFriends are Invited to attend the funeral,
to-morrow (Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from
his late residence, 29 Pleasant street,' thence '
to St. Mary's Church (Paultst), where . a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
GEHERTY— In this city. December 31. 1898,
Julia, dearly beloved wife of John Geherty,
dearly beloved mother of Mrs. J. Sullivan
and Mrs. L. A. Smith, and sister of Thomas
Ryan, a native of Killeshandra, County Ca-
van. Ireland, aged 50 years. (New York. pa-
pers please copy.)
GILMOR— In this city, December 31. 1888,
Harry ft Gilmor, a native of San Francisco,
aged 39 years.
Remains at the parlors of James M. -
Menomy & Son, 1057 Mission street, near
Seventh. -*'- -■-'-■
GLODOWSKI— In this' city, December 29, '1898.
August Glodowskl, brother of Martin Glo-
dowski. a native of Poland, aged 45 years.
KJ-The funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue, thence
•to St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue,
for services. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GOLDSTONEr-In this city, December 29, 1898,
Bertha, belcved wife of Jacob Goldstone,
dearly beloved mother of Moe A., Henry,
Joseph, Leo W. and Esther Goldstone and
Mrs. Joseph S. Steiner. and sister of Mrs. J.
A. Scharlln. Mrs. H. Ehrlich and Sol Cohn,
a native of Kempen, Germany, aged 54 years
and 4 months. (New York and Sydney, Aus-
tralia, papers please copy.)
[C?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 10 o'clock, at her late
residence, 1608 Geary street. Interment Hills
of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
GOODMAN— In this city, December 33. 1898,
George W., husband of the late Susan Good-
man, and father of Durrasso, Lucretia and
Thomas Goodman and the late Adolphus and
Alphonso Goodman, a native of Memphis,
Term., aged SO years 6 months and 15 days.
E?"Notice of funeral hereafter.
GORDON— this city, December 30, IS9S. Pat-
rick EL, beloved husband of Maggie Gordon,
nnd son of Patrick and Ellen Gordon, a na-
tive of El Dorado County, Cal., aged 36 years
and 7 months.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 3799 Seventeenth street, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
A. O. H. In A. — Officers and members of Divis-
ion No. 14, A. O. 11. in A.: You are hereby
notified to attend the funeral of our late
brother, P. 11. Gordon, from his late resi-
dence, comer Seventeenth nnd Sanchez
streets, this day (Sunday), at 9 o'clock
sharp. By order
JOHN P. HERN. Pr^s.
HELMER— this city, December 30, 1898,
William, dearly beloved husband of T. M.
Helmer. and beloved father of Mrs. F. Curtis
of Stockton and Josie and William Helmer.
a native of Canada, aged 61 years and 6
months.
HUYBRECHTS— In South San Francisco, at
Bay View, December 30. 1898, Henry L., be-
loved husband of Elizabeth Huybrechts. a na-
tive cf Belgium, aged 63 years 6 months and
2 days.
JENKINS— In the City and County Hospital.
December 81, lS'.'S. Ormond Courtland Jenkins,
a native of Kentucky, aged 38 years.
KLENZ— In this city. December 30. is9S. Fred
Paul, dearly beloved husband of Annie Klenz,
father of Sophie Klenz, son-in-law of Mrs.
Mendel and brother-in-law of Mr. and Mrs.
L. C. Mendel, Mr. and Mrs. C. Den-
bler and Mr. and Mrs.. G. Willers, a
native of Pruessen. Germany, aged 31 years
11 months and 12 days. (Oakland papers
please copy.)
(C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, rrom his late resi-
dence, 718% Bryant street, between Fifth and
Sixth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
LEDERER— In this city. December 30, 1898,
George M.,' beloved husband of Clara Lederer,
and father of Corinne and Dolly Lederer, a
native of New York, aged 52 years.
tC?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9:45 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1612 Scott street. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery, by 33:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
MALATESTA— this city, December 29, IS9B.
George M., dearly beloved son of Gus and
Charlotte Malatesta, and brother of Milton
and Gertrude Malatesta, a native of San
Francisco, aged 2 years and 2 days.
1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 720 Union street. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
MISCHLER— In this city, December 31, 1898,
Annie, beloved daughter of Anna ; Mischler,
. and sister of Mrs. Fred ,Tunr;-r and Tlllie
Mischler, a native of Colfax, Placer County,
Cal., aged 24 years and 24 days. ."/;'--/.
N. D. G. Officers and members of Oro
Fino Parlor No. 9, N. D. G. W. : You are
' hcl-eby requested to attend the funeral of our
deceased sister. Miss Annie Mischler, to-mor-
row (Monday), from her late residence, 1031
McAllister street. By order of
MRS. C. F. KAPP, President.
M. J. SMITH, Secretary."
MORAN— this city, December 30, ISSS. Mich-
ael Moran, a native of Ireland, aged 74 years.
inTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1235 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St, Francis
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his- soul, com-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan &', Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMB ALTERS.
to Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln "school.
• Telephone South 80.
menclng at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
NATHAN— this city, December ». 1898,
Babette Nathan, beloved mother of- Mrs. L.
Loupe and Mrs. L. Hess of New York, a na-
tive of Newweid, Germany, aged 84 years
and 15 days. (New York papers please copy.)
C?* Friends and acquaintances are respect-'
fully invited to attend the funeral' this day
(Sunday), at 19 o'clock, from the residence of
Mr. L. Loupe, 2200 Post street. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
- train from Third and Townsend streets.
NEALON— In this city, December 29, IS9B. John,
dearly beloved husband of Nellie Nealon,
father of Alice Nealon, and beloved brother of
Thomas, Alice, Mary and Katie Nealon, a.
native of the parish of Killglass. County
Sligo, Ireland, aged 30 years and 14 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1357 Minna street, thence to St. John's
Church (formerly Old St. Mary's College),
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated |
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 1Q:30
o'clock.
QUANE— this city. December 29. 1898, Wil-
liam, beloved husband of the late Mary
Quane, and father of John F., James and |
Thomas Quane, Mrs. J. J. Neeley and Mrs. M.
Hook, a native of County Limerick, Ireland, j
aged 60 years.
C**" Friends and acquaintances are respect- I
fully invited* to attend the funeral this day i
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi- i
dence. 91 Scuth Park, thence to St. Rose's I
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will j
be celebrated for the repose of his' soul-, com- .
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal- j
vary Cemetery. -- : '*\-- : '
REILLY— In this city, December 29, IS9S, John |
■Rei lly, dearly beloved brother of Lillie and
Mary Reilly. Mrs. Robert Wilson and Mrs. ,
Edward Mon&ghan, a native of the parish of
Templefort. County Cavan, Ireland, aged 20 |
years.
Cs*Friends and acquaintances are respect- i
fully invited to attend the funeral this day j
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence of ]
his brother-in-law. Robert Wilson. 1106 Ala-
bama street, thence to St. Peter's Church, i
where a solemn requiem mass will be. cele-
brated for the repose of his' soul, commenc- I
ing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross \
j Cemetery.
RENDELL— In this city, December 31, 1898.
Thomas, beloved husband of Hannah Ren-
dell, a native of Bridgeport,". England, aged CG
years.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
SELNA— In this city. December 30, ■ 1898, Ed-
ward, dearly beloved husband of Matilda
Selna, father of Henry, Edward. William aild
Morris Selna and Josephine McDohald, and
father-in-law of Mrs. Rosie Selna, a native of
Switzerland, aged 52 years and 3 months'.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 637 Chestnut street, thence to Sts.
Peter and Paul's (Italian) Church," where a
requiem high mass will be" celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 11 o'clock,
thence to Garibaldi Hall. 423 Broadway,
where funeral will take place under the aus-
pices of Alpine Grove No. 108, U. A. O. D .
at 1:S0 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. '••"
SMITH— Oakland, Kirby Harold, son of Dr.
K. B. and Elizabeth Smith, a native of Ala- j
meda County, Cal., aged' 5 years 2 months ;
and 1 day.
tC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
Dr. K. B. Smith, San Leandro. Funeral pri-
vate.
WALSH— In this city. December 31. 1898, Wal-
ter J., husband of Minnie E. Walsh, a na- |
tive of San Francisco:
[CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock. Interment private, :
Holy Cross Cemetery.
WARD— In this city, December 30, 1898, Mary
Ward, beloved sister of Patrick R. Ward,
and niece of M. B. and Hubert Ward, a. na-
tive off Bally McWard, County Gal way, Ire-
land. aged 26 years 1 month and 7 days.
CyFrlend^ and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from St. Mary's Hos-
pital. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ;^g^Hfi
WITTHACK— In this city, December 30, 1898,
Fred, dearly beloved husband of Meta Witt-
hack, father of Fred. Henry, Hermann, Dora
and Margarethe Witthack, and brother of
Mrs. Dora Leichtenstern, a native of Ham-
burg. Germany, aged 38 years "8 months and
29 days. A member of • the Norddeutscher
VeFein; Schleswig-Holstelner Vereln: Court'
Hubertus\ No. 15, F. of A., and Club Hansa.
lE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral ■ this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, * from his late resi-
dence. 414 Francisco street, between Powell
and. Mason. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
WREN— In this city, December 31, 1898, John !
Robert, dearly, beloved son of Patrick and the I
late Johanna -Wren, and brother of Mrs. M. ]
J. Liddy and James and William. Wren, a
native of San Francisco, . aged 2S years 5
months and 5 days.
* ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
"(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 925 Natoma street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a "solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated .for the repose of his soul.
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. '. '-:. "Vy.. .."*■• .':.'.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. j
ARRIVED.
. ' Saturday. December 31.
. Stmr Acapulco. Cattarinich, -I'j, days from
Panama and .way ports.
Stmr Newburg, Hansen, 10 hours from Grays
j Harbor. • .
Bktn Tarn o' Shanter, Peck, 7 days from Wil-
I lapa Harbor.
Bktn S G Wilder, McNeil, IS nays from Hono
lulu.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Dec M, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind SW; velocity 12 miles. •
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Dec Schr
Bender Brothers, hence Dec 29.
Sailed Dec 31— Schr Newark, for San Fran
cisco.
ASTORIA— Dec 31— Stmr State of
California, hence Dec 29.
EUREKA— Arrived Dec 31— Stmr Westport,
hence Dec 29.
Sailed Dec 31— Stmr Chilkat, for San Fran
cisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Dec 31— Schr Eureka,
from Eureka.
HOTiX ARRIVALS.
■"' GRAND HOTEL.
A Hampei. Oakland IP E Tonner. Pomona
S Cohn, El Rio A J Paulsen & w. Cal
A L Iturbank, L Ang Dr S P Hall. Dixon
.P J Shields. Sacto |G Bullock. Sacto
J M Brooks. Butte A S Gates, Folsom
J T "Brady, Chgo iE Dinkcispiel, Suisun
C J Sw«rth, Chgo ]S Mlddlemas. Fresno
H W Elliott. N Mcx Miss M A Byrne. Cal
N Tamura. Toklo J J Conner, Salinas
P J Morgan, Cortez S E Holden, Napa
G W Langan. LivermrjO Wade. St Helena
F II Green. S Rafael A I, Hnbson, Ventura
T E Bailey. Cal W S Melick. Pasadena
J B Meicalf. Berkeley lW A Ackley, Mountain
H Todd. Oakland River
C X Cadmun. Pinole |W H Mears. V S N
A Davis. Cal E R Brady, Wash
J O'Keefe, Marysville J B Brady, Wash
D C Cook. S Cruz ,1' L Flanigan, Reno
P McArcle. Spokane Q W Summerfleld &w.
J S Richards, Wash Vancouver
P W Murphy. B I. Oh I' Harvey, Ogden
M Meyer, Portland J i: Harvey. Ogden
N Blaekstock & w. NT Riordan. S Jose
Ventura M E Reardon, 8 Jose
C Porter &W. 8 Rafal L Whltton. S Jose
Miss L Miller. *S Jose H B Glllls. Yreka
Mis.- "Yortt. ( *nl IH Patterson MD. N T
Mrs F E Darke. P Alto'Dr Mary B Halmay,
Mrs M A Wtghtman, j Scotland
Oakland B N Halman. Scotland
It E Dow & w, Toledo J T Laird, Altura
W E Lovejoy. Chgo E ]? Edson, Gazelle
J A Brent. Minn Catherine yon Luclen.
(5 Wiley &W, P Costa Pennsylvania
Miss R Warren, rt "Mi..- E yon Luclen. Pa
11 N Thomas. B Jose D Roberts, w&s. Pa
W E Whitten. Stanfrd D D Hanby. L Ang
R Collins. Stanford Mrs L Goodman. Mcx
G R Carson, Stanford F W Eckels. S Jose
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J P Costello, Sacto R Weyer & f, Stockton
A Fold, Fresno S McCarthy&f, L Ang
H Wilbur. Oakdale R Collins. S Jose
H Ollenberger. S Jose R Southard. Oakland
H.C Green, Mexico I) Clarke. L Gatos
W Shrine, Suisun J Harkins. Fresno
H F. Braer, Riverside Miss M "luersen, Sacto
H Irwin, Sonora .Miss F Guersen. Sacto
T C Foster, Wash .Mr* Beebe, • Stockton
Mrs Chapman. Wash J Alexander, Boston
M Bacon. Fresno 1
PALACE HOTEL.
J B ltoby, Detroit W L Miller. Denver
W H Brownson, l" 8 N W Macaulay, Denver
Mrs Brownson. Col T Rickard&w, Denver
Miss Brownson. Cal J N Peyton, Spokane
Mips C Brownson. I *al e J Byxbec, Fresno
H O'Donr.eli, Fresno Mrs E Bliss N V
J M Fuller. NY i: Btelmnan & w. Sac
M F Plxle; S Rafael A J Hart. S Jose
W Arthur, Boston H Spring, S .lose
W Jacks & W, Mont B H Erbst X V
R V Bills, Hanford . P Heinrich >J V
Q Thorndyke, Seattle F Kneisel, .sacto
E A Bremner. London T A Crane, S- Cruz
S M Samstag, NY G S Nixon, Nevada
» » . . __
Tommy Decorates Himself to Suit.
The British soldier now on furlough in
London in large quantities is richly orna
mented with badges for service merit
Scarcely a redcoat is seen Whose arm is
not adorned either with the crossed rifles
for markmanship, the crossed swords for
gymnasium instruction, i*. the pioneer's
crossed axes, or the good conduct badge
Frequently the crossed rifles carry a star
above them. Indicating that the wearer is
the crack shot of his company. From this
profusion of merit decoration It might be
justifiably inferred that the obtaining of
honors in the army is a very easy matter
or that the private soldier is a much more
zealous Individual than is universally sus
pected.
Through inquiries made by a Daily Mail
representative the reason for this boom
in badges 'has been discovered, and It Is
simple vanity, for many of the badges
have not been won or earned. If Tommy
Atkins had not. yet gained a sleeve orna
ment to display on furlough he will buy
one and stitch it on his tunic. If he be
leaving Aldershbt for instance, he enters
the train an ordinary soldier and by the
aid of a needle and thread and a comrade,
perhaps, he leaves the station at London
with a decorated arm that would become
the waist of the smartest housemaid In
Kensington.
• — ■ a* ■'■ — . ?w.'-.- :
ANSWERS. TO CORBESPONDENTS.
. FIGHTING 808 EVANS— L., City.
"Fighting Bob" Evans was never In com
mand of the monitor Monterey.
• ADHESIVE PLASTER— J., City. Th«
composition for adhesive plaster Is: Ll*
tharge, 5 parts; olive oil, 13 parts; "water,
8 parts.
THE SAN JOSE SCALE— D. C, Los
Gatos, Cal. The San Jose scale attack*
all deciduous ttrees, and the apple tree is
deciduous. .
INDEX-J. E. B. t City. The New York
j Tribune did 'for a time publish a yearly
index of what appeared in the daily Issue
of that journal. >-,-;
A DISHONEST CLERK— Honesty, City.
-.If you have knowledge of the dishonesty
: of a clerk in the army, present your proofs
[ to the head of the department in which
1 he is employed.
[ OF CHINESE PARENTAGE— J. H.,
| Placeryille. Cal. During the past year
| there were registered in San Francisco
■seventeen men, who, being born in the
! State of California of Chinese parents,
| were entitled to vote.
LOTTERY TlCKETS— Stranger, City.
I There is a law that prohibits the selling
I .or peddling 'of lottery tickets. If you
1 feel annoyed by such vendors coming to
' your house you can [dace such under ar
; rest and turn him or them over to the
I first policeman you meet.
I PHELAN AND PATTOX- 1 *: - ... City.
' At the recent election in San Francisco,
J James D. Phelan, candidate for Mayor,
i obtained a majority in all the Assembly
districts from 2S to 40 inclusive, without a
break, and Charles L. Patton, his oppo
. nent, received a majority in every district
from 41 to 40 inclusive.
THE BRANCH MINT— H. A. T.,
City. For all practical purposes. it is
proper to say that the United States
Branch Mint in Sari Francisco is on the
northwest .corner of Mission ami Fifth
streets- Technically, •Fifth street runs
northwest to southeast and Mission street
from northeast to southwest,
LIFE BOATS— Subscriber, City. Major
Blakeny of the Life Saving service says
that the large life boats, in an emergency,
will Save thirty-six people and more, for,
in case of necessity, people may be packed
| ih the bout and a number can hang on to
I the life lines on the sides and be towed
I to a place of safety. Such boats will save
the number named in addition to tne
boat's crew. _____
CAR CONNECTIONS— Stranger, City.
There-are several street guides published
in San Francisco which give the names
| of the streetcar lines, and one or two give
j the points of transfer. But these cannot
always be relied upon, as the transfer
points are frequently changed. The oest
way to do is what another 'stranger" did;
that was to take a day off and devote it
to studying the car system.
SANTA CLAUS— F. 8., City. Santa
CJaus is derived from the Dutch Santa
Klaus, which is the Dutch name of St.
Nicholas. Just before Christmas the
children of Flanders. Holland, and many
parts of Germany put « their shoes or
stockings before the fireplaces for Santa
Klaus or Knecht. Clobes to put a gift
therein as .a reward for good conduct.
The ' custom, which ; originated in tha
countries. named, .has become world wide.
CONFEDERATE STATES— J. F., City.
The States ..that seceded from the Union
and formed the Confederate States were
South Carolina, Mississippi/Florida, Ala
bama, Georgia, Louisiana, Texas, Vir
ginia, Arkansas, North Carolina and Ten
| nessee, the States having drawn out of
: the Union In the order named. The States
that were loyal to the Union at the tima
of the Civil War were: Delaware, Penn
sylvania, New Jersey, Connecticut, Mas
sachusetts, Maryland, /New Hampshire,
New York, Rhode Island, Vermont, Ken
tucky, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Maine, Mis
souri, Michigan, lowa, Wisconsin, Cali
i fornia, Minnesota, Oregon and Kansas.
| Subsequent to the breaking out of tha
I war West Virginia and Nevada were ad
j mitted into the Union and were loyal
! States.
COIN QUESTIONS— J. C, Vancouver,
B. C; S. H. S., Mrs. M. H., City; M. A.
McL., Marshfield, Or.; and Subscriber,
San Jose, Cal. The coinage of silver half
dimes ceased -in 1573, act of February 12;
the only silver half-dimes that command
a premium are those issued in 1794-95-96-97;
1800-01-02-03-04-05, 1838 without stars, 1546.
There is no premium offered for a $5
gold piece of 1846 nor for a $2 50 piece of
1850. The selling price of the former ia
$7 50 and of the latter $4 50.
The figures in the letter of inquiry are
not as clearly made as they should be. If
the writer has a 50-cent piece of 1827 then
the coin, if in good condition, will bring
a premium of from $30 to $50. but if the
date is 1829 then the coin is worth but 50
cents.
A half-dollar of ISO 9 does not command a
premium.
If the half-dollar of 1853 you have is one
with arrows at the date and rays around
the eagle it does not command a premium,
but if it is without arrows at date or rays
around the eagle it will command a pre
mium of $20 to $30; ;
TIDE AND OVERFLOWED LANDS—
Subscriber, Eureka, Cal. Tide land is
such land as is affected by the tide; land
which is alternately covered and left
dry by the ordinary flux and reflux of the
tides. Swamp and overflowed lands are
within the meaning of the act of
Congress of September 28, 1850. granting
swamp and overflowed lands to the
States, such lands as periodically over
flow at seasons of sowing and harvesting
and are rendered unfit for the cultivation
of the staple crops.
The question, "What does each produce
in an unimproved state?" is too general
to admit of an answer. If the inquiry is
limited to- a particular district or local
ity the information can probably be fur
nished. „ ■ , .
Swamp and overflowed lands were ac
quired by the act of Congress of 1850 to
enable the State to dispose of It to such
as wish to buy and reclaim the same.'
As to what rights you would have in
the matter of filing on such lands in Cali
fornia, you would have to communicate
with the office of the Surveyor General
at Sacramento.
CHAMPAGNE— R. V. City. The dis
covery of champagne is said to be due to
a Benedictine monk named Perlgon, who
in 1668 was made cellarer. In pursuing the
duties of his position he hit upon the idea
of "marrying" the different wines pro
duced in the vineyard; one he noted had
fragrance, another imparted generosity
and the blackest were found to produce
a white wine that kept good instead of
turning yellow, as that made from white
grapes. The white or gray wines of cham
pagne became famous, and the wine from
his district, Hautviller, the most famous
of all. Perigon also discovered that the
old stopper of flax dipped in oil could be
replaced with cork. He finally evolved
the effervescing wine that was far mora
pleasant than the old style still wine. The
King gave the seal of royal approval to
the new discovery. Le Marquis de Sillery
at a supper introduced the wine into the
court circle. The flower wreathed bottles
which, at a given signal, a dozen bloom
ing damsels, draped in the guise of
Bacchanals, placed upon the table, were
hailed with rapture. Thenceforth spark
ling wines were an indispensable adjunct
to all the court suppers of the period.
MUSHROOM GARDENING— A. O. S.,
City. Mushrooms are not raised from
seeds, but from spawn,- which is sold in,
bricks and is used In the following man
ner: A quantity of good horse manure
is made into a heap, which must be fre
quently turned for a fortnight, until the
rankness has disappeared. It Is then built
into rounded beds four feet wide and from
a foot to four feet in height, according
to the fancy of the planter. It is built
up of alternate layers of the manure and
clayey loam. If made high the layers of
manure are one foot in thickness and the"
clay four inches. These are made into
beds, as they are called, from ten to fifty
feet in length. ■ They are covered by a
shed. When the beds are made they are
covered with either straw or hay for ten
days, after which that is removed and
an inch thick of very flne loam is placed
on the bed. On this is planted the spawn,
broken into pieces the size of a walnut,
in rows six inches apart. Then the spawn,
is covered with another inch of flne loam
or mold. If .the mold is too dry, it is
sprinkled with tepid water, and in about
five or six weeks the mushrooms appear.
There is a great deal of detail In the cul
tivation of mushrooms, which is explained
In books davoted to the fungus, and it Is
not every amateur who can make a suc
cess in that line. -■'•-'.
1516
GRASPING THE
FIRST FRUITS
OF VICTORY
Supervisor Phelps Works a Bluff
and Turns Britt, Haskins and
"Cappun" Delany Green
With Envy.
How the New Member of the Supervi
sorial License Committee Won From
J. J. Groom a Pass to the Green-
Creed on Contest.
SUPERVISOR - ELECT PHELPS is
happy, happy in the possession of
official power and of some of the
fruits that come with public au
thority. Many who witnessed the
Green-Creedon fight on Friday night may
have seen the beaming and self-sat
. countenance of the Supervisor. Many
may have seen his patronising, "Cappun
Delany" look of official superiority as
he reflected with himself that he had as
serted his Supervisorial dignity before it
belonged to him and had received a pass
that admitted him a spectator to the
match of pugs.
Supervisor Phelps has broken a munici
l.pal record. lie has distanced even the
swaggering "Cappun" and his odorous as
: sociates of the "Solid Eight." It will be
. remembered that the official gall of the
7 "Cappun" swelled within him and he
forced his way and that of some of his
friends without paying into the Pavilion
.where Green tried to fight Wolcott. But
that was when the "Cappun" had aSuper
■;.-"yisorial vote and it was policy to endure
this presence. Supervisor Phelps has de
'nianded the same privilege before his de
. voted shoulders have been enveloped in
'-■ the mantle of the "Cappun." The result
of Mr. Phelps' demand was some what
different from those that followed De
lany's raid. The story is not uninter
esting.
Mr. Phelps Ingenuously feels that he is
already a public character, not a public
mark, and that everybody beyond the.
neighborhood in which he lives already
knows him. Incidentally Mr. Phelps has
received the honor of a caucus nomina
. tion of a place upon the License Commit
tee of the new Board ofSupervisors. This
committee is the court of judgment for
pugs and their managers. Without the
indorsement of this committee prize fight
ers would have to try to earn a decent
living or elevate the morals of the city
by going somewhere else.
On Friday 'night Mr. Phelps was bend
ing the willing hinges of his arm in a
Powell street resort and he reflected upon
these facts. lie was in three days to be
come one of the arbiters of prize fighters
and their local existence. The Supervisor
was ln company that speaks for itself.
He was with the "Cappun" and with two
men very well known to local ill fame as
', ex-Supervisors Brit* and Haskins.
With these apt tutors at his elbow Su
pervisor Phelps worked a bluff that made
the "Cappun" almost faint and forced
Britt and Haskins to grab the bar for
support. Phelps caught a glimpse of J.
J. Groom, who is one-half of the National
Athletic Club, which was to present
Green and Creedon to an admiring public
that night. Phelps, with some dignity,
walked toward Groom and bowed severe
ly to him. "I suppose you know me,"'
said the new member of the Licence Com
mittee, patronizingly.
Groom is an adept in what Is commonly
called the "bull con." He knows every
body who wants to buy a ticket and no
bod v who wants a pass to see a fight.
"Oh, yes; 1 know you," he replied.
"Clad to see you. How are you?"
The new member of the License Com
mittee was not concerned about his
health. He* Insidiously remarked about
the License Committee and then looked
for a gleam of answering intelligence,
sometimes expressed in a wink, from
Groom. The manager's face was as
blank as that of a Chinese peddler with
out a license tag. Groom refused to un
derstand. Phelps went further. With an
admirable imitation of the "Cappun's" air
of unconcern he spoke of the duties of
the License Committee and of his pros
pective labors as a very energetic mem
ber of it.
Groom's blank russ faded into a look of
horror. He was talking to a member of
the new committee.
"Oh, yes," he declared, extending his
bands and grasping one of Phelps' effu
sively. "Oh, yes. of course, you are—"
Groom hesitated. The game would not
•work.
"I am Supervisor Phelps," the other in
terrupted. "I am a member of the
License Committee of the Board of Su
pervisors," am. he looked disdainfully at
the "Canpun."
A look of despair surplanted that of
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SCREAMED
WITH ECZEMA
Baby's Skin Red and Raw, Doc-
tor's Medicine was Painful and
Useless. A Stranger Advised
CUTICURA. Cured in a Month,
with Skin Smooth and Fair.
My little daughter, when six months old.
broke out with Eczema. I took her to a doctor
and he pronounced It "Moist Eczema," and
prescribed for her. She screamed when I put
the medicine on her, and I stopped using it.
It was Indeed very painful. Her skin was all
?«U and raw, and moisture coming from It all
the time, A perfect stranger to me advised
me to use CUTICURA remldles. I got CUTI-
< i '-.A SOAP and CUTICURA (ointment), and
they entirely cured her within a month. She
Is twenty-three months old to-day, are! her
skin Is like a piece of silk, and fair as a lily.
MRS. E. J. KANE. 815 Ohio aye.,
Oct. 7, 1898. Kansas City, Kans.
PIMPLES ""•^COTICIM SOUP
I commenced to vet pimples and blockheads
when I was fifteen years old. My face was
covered. I spent about ten dollars lor soaps,
medicine, etc., but they never did me any good.
1 used CUTICURA SOAP for two weeks, the
pimples and blackheads began to disappear,
and It only took three cakes of CUTICURA
SOAP to. cure my face of those homely pim-
ples. JOSEPH B. CLAMER.
Sept. 21, 'OS. 327 Court st., Elizabeth, N. J.
My face was covered with a pimply, rup-
tured and itching skin. After using ' CUTI-
CURA SOAP for six weeks, all the pimples
went away, my skin getting as soft as velvet.
11. CROME, 223 Melrose st., Chicago, 111.
■ Sept. 21, 1898,
Itching humors, torturing, disfiguring ecze-
mas and every species of Itching, burning,
scaly, crusted and pimply skin and sculp dis-
eases, with dry, thin and falling hair, in-
stantly relieved by warm baths with CUTI-
CURA SOAP, gentle annointings with CUTI-
CURA, purest of emollient skin cures, and mild
doses of CUTICURA RESOLVENT, greatest
of blood purifiers and humor cures, when all
else falls. ■ . -.':.'-
-• r -'" . - — — — — —
Sold throughout the world. POTTER DRUG
AND CHF.M. CORP., Sole Props., Boeton.
".Ml About the Skin," free. --r* :- ?y,
horror in the face of Groom, who placed
his hand over the pocket where he keeps
his tickets. The new member of the
License Committee continued:
"I and some of my friends would like
to see the fight to-night."
There was no escape. "How many
tickets?" asked Groom resignedly.
He cannot distinctly recall the answer.
His dazed condition at the time was re
sponsible. Somebody said the answer
sounded like "a hatful."
Groom dove into his pocket and handed
the new member of the License Commit
tee one pass admitting him to see the
Green-Creedon fight. And that was why
Supervisor Phelps that night beamed in
self-satisfaction and mused on the glories i
of official power. But the "Cappun" will j
never forgive Ids pupil for that one pass.
The "Cappun's" mantle has fallen, and
w ; hen be attends a prizefight in future it j
will hot be in swaggering authority, but
as some Supervisor's rinds." The "Cap- |
pun" is convinced that Phelps should
have demanded "the hatful."
Pickpockets Caught.
While looking in a show window on
Market street last night J. Loekriter felt
a young man insert his hand in his pocket
and steal his watch. He immediately
grabbed the thief and after a short strug
gle threw him down. • He then held him
until Policeman Murphy arrived. The I
thief was then handcuffed and taken to |
the City Prison. He gave his name as I
George Meader and claimed he lived in j
Oakland.
He was booked on a charge of grand !
larceny.
An eld woman named Mrs. Burke, liv
ing at 21134 Lilly avenue, had her pocket
picked last night of a purse containing
$1 while standing in a crowd at Sixth and
Howard streets. She suspects a young
man who brushed against her as she min
gled with the crowd.
Big Libel Against the Fearless.
Thirty-nine sailors of the crews of the
steam whaler Fearless and the whaling
bark James Allen began a libel suit yes
terday in the United States District Court
against the vessels to recover $14,644 al
leged to be due them for wages and their
lay of the catch for the season. The suit
is brought against Joseph Knowland, XV.
J. Gray and Jacob Jensen, owners of that
part of the vessels not owned by James
McKenna, against whose Interest a simi
lar suit is pending. A few days ago Mc-
Kenna filed a petition in insolvency.
The Attorney General's Office.
.It was moving day yesterday at the
office of the Attorney General. Tirey L.
Ford, the new Attorney General, will as
sume the duties of the office on the 2d,
and W. F. Fitzgerald, the incumbent, will
resume his private practice of the law.
He will retain his office in the Parrott
building, from which all of the State's
books, records and documents were re
moved yesterday to the office of Mr. Ford
in the Claus Spreckels building.
Rosenthal Arrives To-Day.
Rosenthal, the great pianist, will ar
rive in the city this morning, and will
take a rest for two days at the Palace
Hotel. His tour westward has been a
succession, of triumphs. He will play at
the Metropolitan Hill next Tuesday and
Thursday evenings, and Saturday 'after
noon, January 3. 5 and 7. To-morrow, be
ing a legal holiday, the sale of seats will
take place at the Sherman & Clay Hall,
223 Sutter street.
■ » .
McGlade's Case Continued.
Peter McGlade, charged with having
forged several demanus on the treasury
while in the Street Department, appeared
before Judge Cook yesterday morning.
On a motion made by Patrick Reddy, de
fendant's attorney, the matter went over
a week in order to await the incoming of
District Attorney-elect D. J. Murphy.
"Daughters of Montezuma.
The Daughters of Montezuma, Im
proved Order of Red Men, will inaugu
rate the new year by an old-fashioned
candy pull and social in Washington Hall,
Red Men's building, to-morrow night.
The Chutes New Year's.
At the Chutes there will be unusual at
tractions to-day and to-morrow. Markle
burg, the best balloonist on earth, will go
up to-morrow afternoon hanging by nia
teeth.
Tests for Insanity.
. "Most people imagine," said a local
nerve specialist, "that doctors have some
infallible test by which they can detect
insanity immediately. Of course that's
all nonsense. There are many odd meth
ods of diagnosing such cases, however.
In locomotor ataxia the patient cannot
walk with his' eyes shut. In incipient
paresis there is difficulty In articulating
particular letters, and one famous sci
entist used to make his patients say
'national intelligencer.' A man with an
incipient case of the disease can't pro
nounce these words distinctly to save his
soul. Another very eminent practitioner
employed 'truly rural' for the same pur
pose. If you have paresis I would advise
you not to say 'truly rural,' at least not
in company. The 'knee jerk' test Is well
known to physicians. To apply it, the
legs are crossed and a sharp blow struck
just below the knee of the limb that is
swinging loose. If the subject is all right
there will be a prompt reflex action; in
other words, his foot will 11 v up in spite
of all efforts to keep It quiet. If not,
there is something wrong. And that re
minds me of a tragic incident which oc
curred in a Southern court not many
years ago. A man was being examined
for insanity, and one of the lawyers made
the experts the butt of a great deal of
ridicule. He scoffed particularly at the
knee jerk test and asked to have it ap- 1
plied to himself. There was no reflex
action, and the fact had a powerful ef
fect on the jury, especially as the lawyer
happened to be a man of brilliant attain
ments. After the trial he got to "think
ing about the matter, and in spite of his
skepticism concluded to submit to a thor
ough private examination. It was made,
and discovered unmistakable signs of lo
comotor ataxia, dooming him to a certain
and lingering death."— New Orleans
Times-Democrat.
■ --- ,- •
For the Sake of Variety.
Stranger— Do you live in this part of
town? • •;:..* X*,*?;.
Native Yes, sir.
Stranger— you direct me to the big
garbage dump that's j somewhere about
here?
Native— Scott! What do you
want to find that ior?
Stranger— l'm tired of these other
smells— Chicago Tribune.
Contrary to some people's supposi
tion, coal oil Is not found in quartz.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 1, 1899.
DONS HIS ROBES, BUT
SOON HE DOFFS THEM
Judge Sweeney Presides for a Day, With
Much Judicial Dignity.
A Wise and Just Judge Even If He Be
Woefully Short of Time and Years
and Stature. *
Eddie M. Sweeney, who was elected
I Judge of the Police Court for the unex
pired term caused by the death of Judge
Campbell, has the distinction of being
the youngest, smallest and shortest-term
Judge that has ever presided in a court of
justice, at least in California. It might
be added th;" ****• is the most dignified.
Courtroom No. 1 was packed to the
doors yesterday morning with the friends
of the young Judge and others who were
present in the expectation that there
would be lots of fun, but they were very
much disapDoi f -d. Sweeney has a lot
of mother-wit, but lie knows when to use
I it and when to keep it under cover.
Barney Curran was the bailiff of the
i court and long John Church, who stands
: seven feet two inches in his stockings,
; was his assistant. Church's services were
; dispensed with soon after the court open
ed as the Judge came to the conclusion
that he was more ornamental than use
ful. Howard Vernon was stenographer
i and Fred McGregor prosecuting attorney.
Shortly after 10 o'clock the Judge, lean
ing on the arm of Justice of the Peace
Barry, entered the courtroom and his ap
: pearance was the signal for wild applause.
Which continued until ho took his seat
on the bench. He looked like a boy as he
sat in the big arm chair and the majority
ln the courtroom thought that a good time
was coming.
Justice of the Peace Barry, in a few
pertinent remarks, introduced the Judge
and when he concluded he was greeted
with rousing cheers. As tho young Judge
rose from his chair there was absolute si
lence. His first words put a damper on
the hilarious. "1 am a young man," he
said, "and the citizens have honored me
by electing me as a Police Judge for the
unexpired term, but although 1 will only
hold court for a day I want you all to dis
tinctly understand that this is not a play
house but a court of justice. I am here
to administer justice, to punish the guilty
and free the innocent. I thank you for
your kindly reception, but I want you to
understand that on the slightest sign of
disturbance I will order the bailiff to clear
the courtroom."
He had ten cases on his calendar and
the first was Michael Dwyer, charged
with being drunk and disturbing the
peace of his family. Michael pleaded
guilty and the Judge remarked: "I am
sorry for you. Michael. You have a nice
mother at home, out you make life a
burden to her. I think you would like to
enjoy the hospitality extended 'the guests
at the County Jail."
"Well, Judge," said Michael, "anything
you say goes." The Judge gave him three
, months and Michael returned his thanks.
Jane McAlister, a disreputable old
woman, arrested for vagrancy, was next
FINDS FAME AND FORTUNE
A Local Girl Whose Voice Has Carried Her
Around the World and Back to a
Rich Gold Mine.
ANOTHER San Francisco girl has been winning laurels oil the concert and
operatic stage. It is Mme. Fried, who, as Agnes Wolff, was at one time
quite prominent in local amateur musical circles. She left San Fran
cisco as a young widow to visit a sister in Shanghai about four years
ago. From that time she has devoted herself to professional work, in
which she has achieved splendid success, and to study under the best masters,
study which she can now carry to greater perfection since it was discovered
a few weeks ago that she was mistress of a gold mine near Auburn, in Placer
County, the remnant of a small estate left her by her husband, in which pros
pectors* have discovered very rich ore. .". -
Mme. Fried's introduction to the professional world was made under the aus
pices of Chevalier de Konski. The great pianist heard her sing at various con
certs in Shanghai and was charmed with her voice. At his suggestion she joined
him in a tour of Japan and the European settlements of China.
Mme. Fried later sailed for Vancouver, where her voice attracted the notice
of Lady Colin C. Campbell, who sought to take. her to London by way of India."
Mme. Fried declined the proffered kindness, and started for New York by the
Canadian Pacific Railway to see her little girl, whom. she had left three years
before at Banff.
In Boston and New York she was as successful in opera as on the concert
stage. She was assisting at musicales with Mrs. Frank Leslie at Sherry's when
she received letters asking her to put a price on "her mine" in Placer County.
This being the first intimation that the property was of more than nominal va.ue
she at first put her affairs in the hands of J. Redding, who corresponded with
various mining experts, with the result that he offered . to advance the money
necessary to develop the mine for a half interest in it. This woke Mme. Fried
up to its value. So she packed her things and started for California to see for
herself what would be best. * She arrived in San Francisco on Wednesday even
ing. . ' - y -'y. y . "."7.%"-: ",,■;*,
Mme. Fried is still young, and is very attractive. Her voice Is a rich so
prano of great. strength and compass, its particular, charm being the ease with
which she sings her high notes and the distinctness and lack of affectation
with which she ? enunciates. She studied in San Francisco under Mme. Julie
Rosewald/ and ; has i been studying with the best artists in New York.
on the list. The arresting officer declared
that he had only known Jane for a day,
and the Judge took the ground that it
would be an Infringement on the rights
of the people if an arrest could be made
for vagrancy on a day's acquaintance.
He suggested that the officer should
swear out a warrant for vulgar language,
but the officer declined. "Do you make.
a motion to dismiss?" asked the Judge.
"I do," promptly replied Jane, and the
Judge said. "The motion of the defendant
is granted."
F. Boffinger, a "bum," who said he was
a waiter, was charged with begging and
insulting people at Third and Mission
streets. He pleaded not guilty, but the
evidence was against him. In answer to
the Judge he said he lived in the Milton
House, and the Judge replied that he |
knew he must be a "dope fiend." By
adroit questioning Boffinger was induced
to admit he was a slave to yen shee, and -
the Judge told him he had better go to j
the County Jail for three months to fat- j
ten up.
George Clark was charged with disturb- I
Ing the peat of Chinatown. He admitted
he bad swallowed four glasses of Chinese '
gin and it had such an effect upon him
that he began to yell "murder. ' The
Judge solemnly abjured him not to drink
Chinese gin again, and George put up his
right hand and took the oath not to
taste a drop of li«uor during 1899. The
Judge allowed him to go on his own
recognizance for five days, and warned
him that if he was again arrested he
would get six months.
Emma Taylor, a colored woman, was
arrested for vagrancy. The Judge had
defended her on previous occasions, and
when she stood up she blushed and held j
down her head. "You will have to leave
town, Emma," said the Judge. "I will j
give you five days, and if you are not. !
away by that time you will be arrested i
and punished." Emma promised faith
fully to leave.
After the cases were disposed of At- I
torney McGregor paid a glowing tribute
to the young Judge for the ability he had
shown and the courtesies he had extend
ed to the members of the bar. He ex
pressed the hope that when the next elec
tion came along the Judge would be
elected for a two-year term. McGregor
was loudly applauded.
Judge Sweeney returned his thanks. He
said he had remarked to the late Judge
Campbell two years ago that he might
hold the same position in the same court
room, and he hoped he. would do so with
the same dignity and impartiality. If
elected for a two-year term he would
be true to the trust reposed in him and
would deal out justice talrly and Im
partially. He fully realized the responsi
bility of the office of Police Judge and he
hoped the other Judges had as full a
sense of their responsibility. He asked
them not to applaud after he had finished
his remarks as it was not seemly' in a
*
court of justice, and when he concluded
his wish was respected.
After the court adjourned the young
Judge's spirit of fun asserted itself.
Counselor N. S. Wirt importuned him to
sign an "O. R." for the release of an old
vagrant named Annie Smith. Wirt prom
ised that he would take Annie to Vallejo.
Sweeney signed the order In Wirt's name
and. Wirt, who is very shortsighted, did
not know the difference. He hurried to
the City Prison with the order and was
thrown out.
Judge Sweeney will dispose of the
"drunks" this morning and to-morrow
morning and Tuesday will . occupy the
bench until noon, when he will give way
to Judge Mogan.
Much comment was made yesterday
that none of the other Judges introduced
him and that Justice of the Peace Barry
had to be called upon to officiate.
THREE HOURS' WORK
FOR TEN DOLLARS
THE ELECTION COMMISSIONERS
MAKE PRESENTS.
Unexpired Terms Counted and the
Six Ballot Clerks Given Mu
nificent New Year
Presents.
The end of the term clean-up fever that
has been killing off the available cash
supply at the City Hall attacked the
Election Sommissioners, and the result
was a hemorrhage of dollars all through
the department: The six men who have
been working themselves to death three
hours each day at counting, the tally
sheets turned in from the late election,
came first. Their labors began on No
vember 15 and continued intermittently
until Thursday morning last. The aver
age time worked has not averaged four
days a week, yet when the Commissioners
adjourned yesterday it was after voting
$10 per day for the full forty-five days to
each of their overworked ballot counters.
Registrar Piggy is much incensed at so
generous a New Year's : gift. He has so
conducted his office that San Francisco's
late election cost the tax-payers less
than any other of lamented history. He
closed his affairs this year with a tidy
balance of cash on hand, and the late mu
nificent gifts of the Commissioners have
practically cleaned it up.
A BIG SUIT ENDS.
Claus Spreckels Bests the Hawaiian
Commercial Company.
The suit recently instituted by the Ha
waiian Commercial Company of Honolu
lu against Claus Spreckels to recover val
uable lands in the islands recently an
nexed to the "United States has been set
tled. By the settlement Mr. Spreckels
has received $110,000, and the terms of the
settlement contain a vindication of the
attitude assumed by Mr. Spreckels
against the claims of his sons, C. A. and
Rudolph, who were formerly officers of
the Hawaiian Commercial Company,
plaintiff in the action.
The plaintiff corporation originally se
cured a lease to 28,000 acres of crown
lands. At about the same time Claus
Spreckels purchased the interest of the
Princess Ruth in the crown lands, paying
her $10,000 and executing to her in addi
tion a loan of 60,000. After purchasing
the rights of the Princess Mr. Spreckels
concluded to bring suit to quiet title. A
compromise was the result, and by the
terms of the compromise Mr. Spreckels
received a title in fee simple to the 28,
--000 acres In question and 6000 acres more
near the lands of the Hawaiian Commer
cial Company. .
Subsequently the Hawaiian Commercial
Company, set up claim to the 0000 acres
mentioned, and two years ago C. A. and
Rudolph Spreckels instituted a suit
against their father to recover it. Re
cently the claims of the Spreckels broth
ers passed from their hands to those of
a corporation of sugar plantation owners,
and they, realizing the unjust claim of
the" Spreckels brothers, ordered that the
suit be dismissed. This was done, and
Mr Spreckels has recently sold. the lands
in question to the new corporation for the
sum of $110,000. , ,? 77
BOAST OF THEIR " PULL."
Two Female Pickpockets Released
by Judge Sweeney.
Captain Spillane is indignant over the
action of Judge Sweeney in releasing
Kittle Fitzgibbon and May, alias Dene,
Smith, two of the most notorious female
pickpockets in the country, on their own
recognizance.
Friday night the women were arrested
while in the act of robbing a stranger
who is staying at the Palace Hotel. After
being taken Into custody the Smith wo
man boasted of her "pull" and threat
ened to "break" the arresting officer.
Notwithstanding that Judge Sweeney was
informed of the character of the women i
he ordered them released on their own :
recognizance.
Several nights ago the same women
robbed a recent arrival from the East of
$CO, but as he was anxious to leave the
city he refused to swear to a complaint
against them. It is the intention of Cap
tain Spillane to vigorously prosecute the
women, and he earnestly hopes to be able
to secure a coonvictlon.
■ ■ . ♦ . — '
Ladles' tailor-made suits. Fur capes, cloaks,
.credit. M. Rothschild. 211 Sutter St.. r. 6 and 7.
Cathedral Council's Officers.
Cathedral Council of the Young Men's In
stitute has elected the following named for the
ensuing term: Edward J. Dollard, president;
Chester W. Keogh, first vice president; Walter
.E. Dorn, second vice president; Very Rev. J.
• — — — —
' : ' •*
' ' ADVE^TISEMENTS^^^^ ; _ * ? ;
lanuarFsales!
Extraordinary Values
. . . nr . . .
All Departments !
TIDECC 5 cases 36 and 40 inch
ME J J . Mixed Cheviot and Bour-
rfkanc ette DRESS GOODS, in 25
IIUUIIJ different styles and col- .
■ • ■•.-.. orings.
■ Price 25c Yari.
Regular value 500 yard.
•"• . • ' ' .. : 4500 yards FANCY SILKS,
. in Plaids, Stripes and
CII ¥C • Bayadere effects, all new
JILiYJ gaods and very desirable
for waists and skirts,
, Price 85c aisi 00 Y4.
Regular value $1.25 to $2.25 yard.
— : '
275 dozen Ladies' 2-Clasp
TT _WEC ENGLISH WALKING
ULUVEJ . GLOVES, all sizes, in .
reds, tans, browns, ox-
blood and black,
Price 75c Pair
Regular value $1.00 pair.
175 nieces Genuine German
EIDERDOWN FLANNEL
FLANNELS SS! ¥ariet ' J of new
Price Bic Yard. -'
Regular value 12^o and 100 yard.
NOTE.— Sea display of above goods la
. onr show windows.
ill.* 113, 115, .17. 119. 121 POST STREET. ' 7
J. Prendergast, V. G., chaplain; WaJter* A.
Hofman, recording secretary; John M. Hylana,
financial secretary; Benjamin L. McKinley,
corresponding secretary': Charles L. Caul field,
treasurer; P. F. McCarthy, marshal; William
Rattlgan. inside sentinel-, James Reardon, out
side "sentinel: William F. Humphrey. Daniel C.
Deasy and Harry A. Burns, .executive commit
tee. The Council has appointed a committee
to arrange for the second anniversary ball to
be given on Friday, February 10, In Native
Sons' Hall. . •
NEW SODALITY OFFICERS.
To Be Installed This Morning in the
St. Ignatius Gentlemen's Chapel.
The annual Installation of officers of the
Gentlemen's Sodality of St. . Ignatius
Church will take place during the mass
in the Sodality chapel at 7:30 o'clock this
morning. The altars have been superbly
decorated for the occasion and special
music will be rendered during the ser
vices. The mass will be celebrated by
Rev. Father Hickey, who is the director
of the organization. The Gentlemen s
Sodality has a membership of 600 and
maintains elegant clubrooms and an ex
tensive library and reading-room. The
newly elected officers who will bo in
stalled this morning are as follows:
Prefect, James R. Kelly: first assistant pre
fect. John E. Fltzpatrick; second assistant pre
fect. John Coulson; secretary, Frank J. Burke;
assistant secretary, Maurice J. Pope; treas
urer James H. Dlgnan; librarian, John S. Wel
bank- roll prefect, John E. (Pope; guardian of
probationers, Charles E. McAullffe; assistant
guardian of probationers, Richard O'Driscoll;
organist Charles L. Ebner: marshal. Lawrence
Walsh* assistant marshal, Martin Cariick; ves
ture prefect, W. W. Hancock; guardians, first
division, senior, M. H. Kelley: Junior, Thomas
Elston; guardians second division, senior, Dr.
S. J. Cunningham; Junior, Charles Weld; guar
dians third division, senior, J. D. Campbell;
junior, J. J. Madden; guardians fourth di
vision, senior, J. D. Costello; Junior, J. M.
South; guardians fifth division, senior, J. H.
McGlnney; Junior, W. H. Lasseter; guardians
sixth division, senior, J. E. Lavlolette; junior,
J. 11. Beardsley. ..'■.'.'- yy '---
Bememhered the Organizer.
At the last held meeting of El Dorado
Circle, Druidess, U. A. O. D., the mem
bers, who were present in large numbers,
showed their appreciation of the work
that had been done by Mrs. Librada
Grosh, past arch, who instituted the cir
cle, in the advancement of that body, by
presenting her, through Dr. Artigues, a
very fine rocking chair. Then followed a
number of congratulatory speeches and
wishes for a prosperous new year.
Colonel Irish Distributes Turkeys. I
Colonel John P. Irish, following his us
ual custom, presented each of the em
ployes of the Naval Pay Offlce with a
twelve-pound turkey for a New Year's
dinner.
Pianos.
Second-Hand
Chickering Upright
MA OK '
$165:
Special Reduction on
Conover and Kingsbury
Pianos This Week.
CLARK WISE & CO.
41 GEARY ST., Cor. Grant Aye.
1 CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIM& ||
ROLLER-TOP DESK 1
And Revolving Ghalr. 1
The Set Next Week— j]
Is there any excuse now for a busi- I
ness man being without a desk when El
• our price and terma are low enough H
I for the poorest? St J
* The Roller- Desk Is of oak— pol- H
ished. Chair is of high-back and §3
arms, cane seat. The combination, it H
i bought next week $15.00 15
I THE J, NOONAN 1
B FURNITURE CO.. Inc. ? 7 fef
1017 to 1023 Mission st., above Sixth. Hf
Phone South 14. Open Evenings. BJ
_ aa gßanß_-_a-B-CTaMMH-_Bfl
YOU DON'T KNOW HOW GOOD
GUINNESS' STOUT
*.. BASS' ALE
is, unless you have tried the
DOC'S HEAD BRAND
BOTTLED BY
READ BROS., London
The Dog's Head Brand is for sale
by all first-class dealers.
WM. WOLFF &. CO., Agents
Any Eyeglasses Fitted
\. With Our New Clip
*> That Don't Slip
For 50 Cents.
Oculists' Prescriptions Filled. Factory on
Premises. Quick Repairing. Phone, Main 10.
Opticians ko^ k gencx
642 Market St.
CHRONICLE building^
WE EMPLOY NO AGENTS.
gpnooOOOOOOOOOOOOQ
d- PALACE "-""-a
%GRAND hotelso
D SAN FRANCISCO. 2
J* Connected by a covered passageway. *J
D 1400 Rooms— With Both Attached. O
D -Ail Under One Management. O
D KOTS THE PRICES: Q
_ European Plan. Sl.OO per day and upward JZ
O American Plan.SB.oo per day and upward U
Q . Correspondence Solicited. fj
D JOHN 0. _IRSPA?RICB*. Jtaangn. —
■IOOQOOOOQOaOOQOOoS
Weekly Call, $1.00 per YearText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not available