VOLUME LXXXY- NO. 106.
SECRETS OF STATE
ARE REVEALED BY
SPAIN'S RED BOOK
How the Queen Regent's Commission
Tried to Get the Better of the
Americans.
NEW YORK, March 15.—
[ Herald's Washington corre
spondent sends the following:
I obtained to-day a copy of the Red
Book of Spain containing all the doc
uments relating to the peace nego
tiations recently presented to the
Cortes by the Minister of State. These
documents throw an interesting light
on the negotiations of the conference
in Paris, detailing the moves made
by the Spanish commissioners in
their efforts to shoulder upon the
United States the great Cuban debt
and to preserve to Spain the Philip
pine archipelago.
Perhaps the most notable feature
of the documents is that whicn indi
cates that the Spaniards were appre
hensive, up to the time of the signing
of the treaty, that the United States
would break off negotiations and re
sume hostilities; while the fear on the
part of this Government was that
the Spanish commissioners would
withdraw and thus necessitate a con
tinuance of warlike operations.
The book shows that the Spanish
commission and the Spanish Gov
ernment were convinced that the
treaty concluded was the least pre
judicial to Spain possible, considering
the circumstances surrounding the
negotiations, and it is expressly
stated by Montero Bios, president of
the Spanish commission, that the
commission believed that the United
States proposed to annex the island
of Cuba, notwithstanding the dis
claimers made by this Government.
The book opens with the invitation of
the French Government for the Ameri
can and Spanish commissioners to con
duct their negotiations and salle dcs
conferences at the French Foreign Of
fice. The first passage between the
commissioners relates to the request of .
the' 'Spanish commissioners for the '
maintenance of the status quo existing -
in the Philippines at the time of sign
ine: the protocol, to which the Ameri
cans replied that the matter was in |
way of a settlement between the two
governments, and as commissioners
they had no jurisdiction.
Commenting upon this the Spanish
Minister for Foreign Affairs stated that
considering the conduct observed by
the American troops, the commissioners
In Paris would naturally evade any
answer to questions propounded to
them by the Spanish commissioners as
to the status in these islands, and that
the excuse given by the American com
missioners certainly was very unsatis
factory.
Senor Rios complains on October 5
that the American commissioners, in
the draft of a treaty presented by them
relating to the relinquishment of sov
ereignty over Cuba, do not suggest in
whose favor such relinquishment is to
be made and he calls attention to the
fact that its acceptance of this would
prevent Spain from demanding through
the treaty that the United States or
some other power should assume the
obligations and burdens of all kinds
now resting on Spain and which grew
out of the exercise of her sovereignty
over Cuba.
The firmness of the belief of the
Spanish commissioners that the United
States proposed to annex Cuba is found
in these extracts in a letter from Senor
Rios to the Minister of Foreign Affairs,
dated October 12:
Upon observing that the paper present
ed in writing by the American Commis
sioners rejecting our draft of the first two
articles of the treaty was based on the
supposition that we proposed therein that
the United States accept sovereignty over
Cuba, to transfer it at the proper time to
the Cuban people, I called their attention
to the Inaccurate translation of our artl
SERIOUS ILLNESS
OF JOHN SHERMAN
Attacked by Pneumonia While on
a Tour of the West
Indian Islands,
■ mm_m-m« ORT DE FRANCE, Martinique, March 15.— John ■
8 \_______^_______. Sherman, who is a passenger on board the American g
•g fcf.v..Li— line steamer Paris. Captain Frederick Watkins. g
S B ___W^\» which arrived here to-day from Trinidad, with the g*
w If §£ party of excursionists who are making a tour of #
•_* ra «l . 3_* the West Indian islands, Is suffering from Dneu- §
8 W Pf^ff monia. . d
P M Wjiftgxw'7 - While at San Juan de Porto Rico, last Wednes- #
ri fH WjSffVv day, Mr. Sherman was entertained by Brigadier _.
'•,' ll lW____iC\\\a General Fred Grant, commander of the military de- &
*•'< nJ^OS^yW^' partment of San Juan, and caught cold. The mal- **
J" mw3p^^v^yst a(iy was not considered serious until last nieht. S_
# W$V fy^- after leaving Port of Spain, when pneumonia in the §
# » most serious form developed. t*
2 Dr. Graff of Paris and Dr. Magee of Duluth are attending him. and £
§ Mr. arid Mrs. Colgate of New York, and F. B. Wiborg of Cincinnati, g
V- close relatives of Mr. Sherman, are constantly near him. 25
2 ST. PIERRE, Martinique, March 15.— arrival of the American £
1? line steamer Paris from Fort de France, this evening, Mr. Sherman's 0
g physicians reported that his condition was much improved and gave 'A
S ground for encouragement- - - 1*
S* ...-,_, _ _. mm Jk/«o-^v«^ A- '.« AI?A*?A»?A»3-Ats A lO«tC>* •'" U
... .. , C««l»rt»5«»)«KW»5« •-> W tf*b«/ »~(«-rA-»rA*-*«_
The San Francisco Call.
M. JULES CAMBON, French Embassador at
Washington.
WILL RATIFY
THE TREATY
IMMEDIATELY
O MADRID. March 15.— The O
£ Cabinet Council - this evening- q
-i? decided that the treaty of peace . -+
© with the United States should ©
Q be ratified immediately after 0
♦ the dissolution of the Cortes. ±
_£ which will probably be decreed .4.
O to-morrow. The elections to the O
+ new Chamber will be fixed for ♦
9 April I*s and to the Senate for ©
q April 30. the new Cortes to re- q
+ assemble on May 2. , "♦
oy / O
cles, which do not say the United States
must accept, sovereignty over the island
of Cuba to "transfer" it at the proper
time to the Cuban people, but that they
"may transfer" it at the proper, time to
that people. )
This correction produced a visible ef
fect on the minds of the American Com
missioners, which tended to confirm us in
our former presumption that the United
States proposed to annex the island of
Cuba. They do not manifest this con
clusively, hut, on the contrary, neither do
they desire that the obligations which
they spontaneously contracted to trans
fer said sovereignty to the people of Cuba
should be recorded in the treaty, and
above all they do not wish that Spain
should reserve in the treaty the right of
demanding of them the performance of
this obligation.
Presuming the purpose of annexation
which the American Government - enter
tains, we should improve In the coming
discussions the benefits which it offers
us advantageous to the interests of Spain.
The United States, in their joint resolu
tion, spontaneously stated that they did
not demand of Spain the sovereignty of
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, MARCH 16, 1899.
the island of Cuba save to transfer it to
. the people thereof, that they might be- ]
come, independent. Spain, therefore, would
be acting perfectly within her rights in
demanding the performance of this spon
taneous obligation. . Upon not demanding
it. it. does them a service which requires
proportional compensation.
This Commission understands that it
.should limit itself wholly to not demand
ing this performance, but abstaining from
any manifestation whatever either for or
against annexation. If ' annexation id
agreeable to the United States, this com
mission- believes that they ' will surely
'carry it into effect without the necessity
of requesting it of Spain, and if It is not
agreeable this commission also under
stands that Spain absolutely lacks the
means of imposing it upon them. The
United States will remain after the treaty
in the same situation they were when
Congress approved the joint resolution of
April 20 of this year.
In a confidential dispatch to the Min
ister of Foreign Affairs Senor Rios, un
der date of October 18, says the United
States demands the abandonment of
the West Indies and that although they
consider it their bounden duty to pro
tect Spanish citizens and property in
the islands, they do not wish to have
this set forth in the treaty as the lat
ter, so far as it relates to these islands,
should contain nothing more than the
first two articles of the protocol.
"I presume," says Senor Rins, "on
good grounds that the same thing will
occur with regard to the Philippines.
The United States will immediately im
pose their conditions upon us, but will
not bind themselves to anything in our
-favor. Therefore if this happens the
treaty will be a singular thing in diplo
matic history, for It will be reduced to
one of the parties submitting uncon
ditionally to the demands and exac
tions imposed by the other without the
latter recognizing in the former any
right or making any concessions what
ever to it."
Senor Rios goes on to suggest a happy
medium between the demands of the
United States and Spain's refusal to
accede to them, and says:
This medium consists in substituting
for a treaty a minute, in which there shall
appear the exactions of the United States
with respect to Spain, and a statement by
the latter of the absolute helpless condi
tion in which she finds herself, owing
to lack of . means to oppose such exac
tions; and that. in consequence, she gives
way to force, abandoning that which the
United States demands she shall deliver
over and protesting against the injustice
and violence of such demands.
The United States, I know, cannot af
ter such, a manifestation on the part of
Spain renew the war, since everything
they ask Is acceded to, although the right
to make such demands ls not recognized
and their Injustice is protested against.
It is clear that the consequence of this
would be absolute and complete rupture
of all kinds of relations between Spain
and the United States for. an indefinite
time; but on the other hand it offers the
advantage of preventing new disasters to
our unfortunate country.
The demand of the United States for
the cession of the entire Philippine ar
chipelago brought an indignant mes
sage to Senor Rios from Madrid stat
ing that "such demand, in the form it
is made, far oversteps the uttermost
pretensions it could be supposed the
United States would have." f^yffy
To this Senor Rios replied on Novem
ber 1: ;; . f'fy/
It Is to be presumed that the powers of
Europe, signally England, Germany and
Continued on Second Page*
COPIOUS RAIN ASSURES GOOD CROPS
GH. WILLSON. local forecast offi
cial, Is disgusted at the pranks the
weather has been playing on him.
* He has a particular grievance
against the present storm, and although
he rejoices with everybody else over the
timely downfall, he can't help feeling
that it played him a shabby trick in
sneaking In upon him without an in
stant's warning, thereby destroying the
last vestige of his reputation as a weather
prognosticator.
He says it's a mighty low-down storm
that will trail onto a northwest wind with
frost on the side and jump in from the
ocean without hitting the coast some
where to the north of us first. That may
be Boreas' idea of humor, he says, but
Boreas has no business monkeying with
frivolities. r'b.y
"It may be all very funny this throw
ing an honest, conscientious citizen down
who is doing the best he can to bring off
weather conditions to suit the indica
tions, but blame me if I can see what's
going to become of me if the rain and
frost and wind don't pay any more at
tention to the probabilities than they
have in the past. It's all right
enough for the rain to hold off when I
predict that it will arrive on a certain
date; that has been the case so fre
quently ever since the Government took
a hand in the management of the weather
that the people have got so they expect it
and sort of regard it as all right and a
part of our business. But here comes
this rain that everybody has been hoping
for and praying for, jam up against a pe
riod of northwest wind ana frost, without
ever shaking a bush or blowing a horn
to indicate its arrival. It just let me size
up the indications and send out my pre
dictions, with the result that Tuesday
morning folks got up and read in their
papers at the breakfast-table that they
were going to have another day at least
of that bitter northwester with more
frost at night and looked out of their
windows at the rain slanting down on a
southeast wind, with the temperature 15
degrees higher. Such doings make me
languid ana have got to stop. I want it
distinctly understood that I'm not doing
this forecasting fo>- hygienic benefit to
myself, and if this drooling California
weather doesn't stop trifling with me I'm
going to have myself transferred to Circle
City, where a weather sharp would have
a cinch— hot weather and mosquitoes four
months in the year and snowballs and
Armour's canned beef - the other eight
months.*"
• - But notwithstanding- Mr. • "Wlllson's
plaint, he is as ha-»py over the Jocular
downpour 'as 'any farmer in the State.
and sloshes around on top of the Mills
building watching the rain gauge, the
wind gauge and the other contrivances
up there as contentedly as a spoonbill on
the Alameda flats.
The precipitation has been general from
the Oregon line to *he Tehachapi, and
although the full force of the storm has
not yet reached the latter region, it
probably will by to-day, and cross the
range and visit the extreme southern part
of the State as- well. No rain whatever
has fallen at Los Angeles, San Diego and
that section, but there is every indication
that it will receive as thorough a drench
ing as the northern part has. The south
ern coastline has fared better so far than
the Interior, for while .26 of an inch had
fallen at San Luis Obispo from yesterday
morning to 2 p. m., and Santa Barbara
had received a good wetting, only .01 of
an inch had fallen at Fresno.
The storm is now central off the Califor
nia coast, while the pressure has fallen
throughout the State. Oregon and Wash
ington. So far the rainfall has been the
heaviest in the lower Sacramento and San
Joaquin valleys and the bay counties.
Snow has fallen in the mountains as far
south as Fresno County, the fall along
the line of the Central Pacific having been
extremely heavy so far. At Blue Canyon
it measured 30 inches for twenty-four
hours and at other points it was almost as
heavy. It Is still snowing and packing
down, which insures an abundance or
water for mining and irrigation purposes.
While the frosts of Saturday, Sunday
and Monday nights undoubtedly did some
damage both to fruit md grain, it is com
paratively insignificant in view of the rain
which followed so closely and brought
succor to the bulk of the crops. A week
ago nothing but the most dismal forebod
ings were heard; to-day it would be diffi
cult to find a malcontent in the entire
State. Fears^iave been dispelled and only
the most optimistic predictions for the
year can be heard.
Californians may well rejoice.
RAIN FROM OREGON
TO THE TEHACHAPI
All Fears of a Crop Failure Removed
by the Generous
Downpour.
SALINAS. March 15.— The rain storm which
has been so general all over the State reached
this city and vicinity this morning. At 8
o'clock it began to rain ln earnest, and at 1
o'clock the precipitation . was .St of an Inch,
while up to <"> o'clock to-night 1.12 had fallen.
Not only in this Immediate section, but all over
the county, the rainfall has been quite heavy
in the last twelve hours. The storm is con
sidered the salvation of Monterey County. The
situation was becoming serious and business
was virtually at a standstill. Many ranchers
had already left parts of this county for other
points, while those that remained tried to de
vice some . means of Irrigation. -Up to yester
day over 100 irrigation plants were In operation
for the first time in the Immediate vicinity of
Salinas. Many orders for outfits have been
canceled now on account of the rain. All
farmers In this vicinity are sure of j a crop.
Reports to-night from points south In this val
ley give the precipitation as follows: Gonzales,
HOW FARMERS
VENT THEIR JOY
ANTIOCH, March 15.— Inch
of rain has fallen here, and it is
still falling. It Is the insurance
policy on good times and prosperity.
Staid old farmers drive Into tjwn
and run their horses through the
streets as a means of giving vent to
some of their pent-up enthusiasm.
Antioch's prospects never looked
brighter. Rain has made an abun
dant harvest a certainty. That, to
gether with the large area of tule
land tributary to Antioch that has
Just been reclaimed and the Valley,
Railroad building along the water
front, will certainly "make the old
town boom." . . . • 'fry
THANKS, JUPITER PLUVIUS, THANKS."
PAYERS FOR RAIN
IN THE CHURCHES
LOS ANGELES, March 15. — This was the day set apart for humilia
tion and prayer, and the storm clouds are at hand as if in readiness to
precipitate a downpour in answer to the fervent supplications sent
heavenward.
"Man shall not live by bread alone," was the keynote of the prayer
service held at the First Methodist Church. Whether business men
deemed this an unseemly hour to indulge in prayer for rain, or whether
they have more faith in the artificial means suggested to the Cham
ber of Commerce by different experts, is hard to say. Certain it is that
the business element was not largely represented. Rev. Mr. Smith had
charge and spoke earnestly of the Indifference of the people to accept
the promises of God. He dwelt upon the necessity of rain in the spirit
ual world. That, he said, was more necessary than rain in the phy
sical world. He believed God was abie to answer the prayers of His
children.
The Christian Alliance held services of humiliation, and the members
sought with prayer and fasting to place themselves in line with the
will of God and know why He withheld rain from the earth.
The Woman's Christian Temperance Union heeded the call for hu
miliation and held an all-day service in accordance with the general
supplication for spiritual and physical rain. This evening services were
held in the Congregational, First Christian, Vincent Methodist Episcopal
and Episcopal churches. .
THE PRAYER FOR RAIN ANSWERED.
So p
Cr LOS ANGELES, March 16. — is raining in Pasadena at 1 o'clock J§
S. this morning and also on the East Side, Los Angeles. There is every §"5
# indication of a heavy downpour, with the barometer still falling. #
■:• yy/ .''..< • ' k*
■EORCeKBBOnSR a.D *. '0. ;?o_*o. s*o. *o .* o_ o!S*o»s*o!*o?s o8 a _* » &CgBCBSCBBCOi
1 Inch: Chualar. 1; San Lucas, .13: Sanardo, .30:
King City. .14; Bradley. .16: Prundale, 2.30;
Carneros. 2: Tassajara. 1.30; Paralso. .31; Cas
troville. 2: Parkfleld, 1. Up to a late hour to
night it was still raining hard. The barometer
was falling and there was every Indication of
a thorough soaking of the soil. If the down
pour continues for twenty-four hours more the
beet crop in this valley will be assured.
MILTON. March 15.— Rain has fallen steadily
since yesterday morning, and to-day the heav
iest storm experienced in two years prevailed.
An abundance of rain is now assured, not only
for farmers, but for mining operations as well.
As many new mines are only waiting for a
sufficient water supply, a season of the greatest
business activity ever known in the southern
mining district of the State Is assured.
SAN JOSE. March 15.— The heaviest rainfall
that has occurred In the Santa Clara Valley
for three years brought great rejoicing to-day.
In this city for the twenty-four hours up to 16
o'clock tonight. 1.30 Inches fell, making 2.29 for
the storm and nearly 10 Inches for the season,
as compared with 5.4S to the same date last
season. The creeks are flowing good and rapid
ly swelling. Irrigating ditches to the orchards
are being taken advantage of -on all sides. The
fruit, grain and hay crops, have been saved,
which means millions of dollars to the valley.
At points outside of this city there was a much
heavier downpour than" here. From Wrights 5
inches were reported up to 6 o'clock this even
ing, and at Los Gatos 4.26 Inches. It Is still
raining.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, March 15.— A light rain
began falling this morning, but ceased before
noon. Toward evening it commenced again,
acd by 8 o'clock .'0 of an inch had been meas
ured. It ls coming down steadily, and re
ports cf a good rain have been received from
all over the ccunty. There is every indica
tion of a continual downpour all night.
The spirits of the people have been
revived as the rain means the saving of every
farmer who was on the brink of ruin, be
sides merchants who were carrying them on
their books. The prospects for a good crop
are excellent and the output will probably be
the largest known here, as a larger acreage
has been sown than in any previous season.
The feeling of gloom since the banks went into
liquidation has been dispelled and everybody
Is happy and confident.
SUISUN, March From Tuesday morning
to this afternoon the precipitation in Solano
County amounted to 1.5". with prospects for a
continued heavy downpour. A remarkable
change is noticeable .among business men.
farmers and orchardists. The present rain
insures a grain yield that will be enormous in
the Montezuma hills. Sulsun and Vaca valleys
escaped the blighting frosts that visited the
neighboring sections last week. Prospects now
Indicate the largest fruit crop in Solano County
! since IS9O. The promoters of sugar beet culture
are greatly encouraged, over 3000 acres being
planted. The rain will also allay fears regard
ing the water supply for different towns. It is
expected the coming season will be one of un
equaled prosperity in Solano County.
STOCKTON. March 15.— The rainfall up to 9
o'clock to-night, according to the gauge at the
State Hospital, was 1.3S Inches, making 1.50 for
the month and 8 inches for the season, against
494 to the same date last year. The loss of
the wheat crop is placed beyond possibility by
' the fall of to-day. Reports from Tracy, on the
, west side, and from Clements. In the northern
' part of the county, are of heavier precipita
i tion there than in Stockton, and that is where
: rain will do the greater amount of good. The
I acreage in wheat in San Joaquin County, par
i ticularly on the west side, is larger than for
; many years, and a greater prosperity is there
i fore sure to follow the making of a big crop.
FRESNO, March 15.— high wind blew from
the south all day and the sky was obscured
Iby dense clouds. The temperature, however,
was too high for rain until late in the after
noon, when a downpour began which has con
i tinued steadily for several hours, and bids fair
to be one of the heaviest storms ever exepri
enced in this part of the valley. Up to IS
o'clock nearly three-quarters of an Inch had
fallen, and the rain was still coming down In
torrents. The precipitation which has already
| occurred will be of material benefit to the crops
throughout the county. Very little of the grain
; is entirely beyond redemption except on the
i west- side, and" in that locality a good hay crop
: is assured.
SACRAMENTO. March 15.— The rain which
set in at daylight Tuesday morning has con
! tinued here without abatement. About three
> inches has fallen up to 10 o'clock to-night.
Abundant crops are assured, with the showers
j -ha.f neve.- .*■■" to com* daring Anril. £*._-__ .
three feet of .now has fallen throughout the
mountain section, and there is now ".early six
feet at the summit. This will serve to keep
the rivers up well, helping the miners, the
electric company that supplies power and lights
to this city and the logging industry along the
American River. The rain continues to-night
and the prospects are good for a prolonged
storm.
BERKELEY. March 15.— Rain has fallen here
very heavily since 6 o'clock yesterday evening.
The downpour was almost continuous. For
twenty-three hours from 2 o'clock yesterday
afternoon until 1 o'clock this afternoon over
two Inches had fallen. The ralngauge at the
observatory of the University of California reg
istered 2-ftS inches during that time. The fall
has continued almost uninterruptedly since
■ then. For the whole storm, which began at 3
o'clock Monday night, the amount has been a
little less than 2.7 inches. This makes 14.665
Inches for the entire season, as against 11.552
inches last year
AUBURN. March 15.— The fall of rain which
commenced here yesterday morning has been
almost unprecedented, 2.90 inches falling dur
ing the past forty-eight hours. The total for
the season is 19.19, as against 16.42 last season.
It is still raining. Some snow fell in the
mountains, but the weather is warmer and the
rain has extended to very high altitudes. Al
though grain could have stood the drought a
while longer, this storm will do an immense
amount of good.- especially in the replenishment
of the water sheds, upon which both the
miners and fruit men depend during the sum
mer months. - v y
VACAVILLE. March 15.— Light rain began
falling on Tuesday morning at 5 o'clock and
has continued up to the present time, the total
precipitation for thirty-six hours being two
and a half inches. The prospects are flattering
for a continuance. The. second bloom on the
apricots, it is thought, will yield a quarter
crop. There will be heavy crops of peaches,
plums, prunes, . pears and cherries if there be
CUBAN ASSEMBLY
IN DEFIANT MOOD
A Threat of Armed Resistance*
to the Power of the United
States.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by
James Gordon Bennett. : Y.fyf
HAVANA, March 15. The Cuban Assembly will to-morrow Issue a ]
manifesto declaring that it is the only representative body in Cuba; that
General Gomez Is attempting, with the aid of the United States, to
make himself dictator, and that as a general proposition the United
States has no right to interfere with the domestic affairs of the island.
This is the latest development in the situation.
It is generally believed that Gomez will not submit to the author
ity of the Assembly, notwithstanding his apparent acquiesence in all that
body has yet done. b
The feeling to-night is that the President's decision to suppress the ;
Assembly will lead to a conflict between the American administration
and the Cubans in arms. While General Gomez has the popular sym- ;
pathy among civilians, the army, with a view to obtaining more money
than the $3,000,000, and dominated by sentiments inculcated by Gomez >
before his adherence to Mr. Porter's proposition, is inclined more to
the stand taken by the Assembly. b;
.-. The Assembly will not recognize General Brooke's authority to dis- ;
solve that body. Late to-night they had had no notification from him
of any instructions from Washington to this effect. If formally noti
fied they will protest against the suppression of the_ only representative j
revolutionary body on the island, and will issue orders to the army to
resist any arbitrary measures of the United States Government. v 1
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
no frost. So far no damage has been done.
All fruit is about a month earlier than last
year. The grain in this vicinity never looked
better, and a big hay and grain crop is ex
pected.
WOODLAND, March 15.— The weather has
been stormy all day. and the showers, although
Intermittent, have been very heavy. The wind
continues to blow steadily from the south, and
the Indications are favorable for a storm of
two or three days' duration. At S o'clock this
morning the precipitation for the storm
amounted to .66 of an inch, making a total of
9. 50 inches for the season. During the day the
rainfall was not less than a half Inch. Enough
has already fallen to greatly benefit farmers
and fruit growers, and the prevailing opinion
is that there will be sufficient to insure good
crops.
MARYSVILLE, March 15.— Between 4 and T
o'clock this evening this section experienced
the heaviest downpour of rain witnessed in
several years. The sewer system waa inade
quate to carry away the water and in many
places the streets are flooded their entire width.
For a time it was feared the water would cover
the sidewalks and enter the stores. To add
to the discomfort the city electric lighting sys
tem is on a strike when most needed.
SANTA ROSA, March 15.— Heavy rain con
tinued nearly all day. Reports from all over
Sonoma County show the storm has been gen
eral. Indications are the rain will continue all
! night.
OAKLAND, March Everywhere orchard
ists and agriculturists are reporting the salva
tion of their crops through the present storm.
One of the biggest fruit growers in this county,
H. W. Meek, had begun smoking his orchards
'last Sunday night, as the trees were in full
bloom and one frost would have been fatal.
The. rain storm has saved the crop and enough
rain has fallen to insure a good season. Be
tween 1 p. m. yesterday and the same hour to
day 2.01 inches fell in this city, and it has
! rained heavily at intervals since.
SANTA CRUZ, March 15.— The rain has been
steady the entire day. and at times has been
very heavy. The precipitation up to 6 o'clock
this evening has been about three inches, with
all indications pointing to a. continuance of the
storm. At Big Creek to-day there was a cloud
burst and five inches of water wag precipitated.
San Lorenzo River, which yesterday was the
lowest for years, is now booming, with drift
wood floating down. The bay has been very
rough. A number of fishermen's boats v. ere
capsized and washed ashore.
LOS ANGELES, March 15.— The barometer
is falling west of the Rocky Mountains and
cloudy weather with southerly winds prevails
ln all parts of California, except in the ex
treme south. There is every indication that
the storm will reach Southern California to
night or Thursday morning. The local fore
cast is for cloudy and unsettled weather, with
rain to-night and Thursday. Brisk south winds
are predicted. One inch of rain at this time
would save many of the crops and avert finan
cial ruin from many.
SANTA MARGARITA. March —The ex
treme dry spell which has prevailed during
the pest Fix weeks was broken this morning.
j It commenced raining a* 8 a. m. and up to
_ p. m. a half inch had fallen, making 7.34
inches for the season. A heavy southeast
wind has been blowing all day and indications
point to the heaviest storm of the season. A
large acreage has been sown to grain in this
section and present prospects Indicate good
crops. - yry
MODESTO. March 15.— rainfall for the
storm up to this evening was .85 of an Inch.
Weather indications are for rain to-night and
to-morrow. All parts of Stanislaus County. re
port about the same precipitation. On *he
west side of the San Joaquin River grain was
suffering, but it will now yield well, especially
the late sown. In other portions of the county
all crops were standing the dry spell, as there
bad been heavy dews at night.
PASO ROBLES. March 15.— It began raining
here at 7 o'clock this morning, and has con
tinued all day, though not heavily. Twenty
. one hundredths had fallen up to 5 o'clock'. Th-?
! future of this county depends upon this rain.
I Indications are goo.l for a continuation. A
! larger amount of ground is sowed than ever
before. Grain is in good condition and with
abundant rain prosperity will be restored.
WATSONVILLE, March 15.— This valley has
.been visited by the heaviest rainstorm that lt
has received in the past three years. Salsl
puerdes Creek is running full. Everything
points to a most successful mmd, for all
kinds of fruits and grains. It is still rain
ing with good prospects for an all-night down
pour. The rainfall for the storm up to 6 p. m.
was 3.08 inches: for the season 14.92 Inches.
COTTONWOOD. March 15.— The downpour
which began early yesterday morning and ha»
continued unabated since then has done much
to gladden the farmers" hearts and make good
crops in this section a certainty. The whole
of this valley has received a thorough drench
ing and the indications are. at present, that
the storm may be continued for a day or
more.
PACIFIC GROVE, March Nearly an inch
of rain has fallen in this section- during the
past twenty-four hours, coming when most
needed by all crops. The downpour since day
light this morning was the heaviest of the
present year and was accompanied by a very
high wind. There are prospects of heavy show
ers during the night.
OAKDALE. March 15.— 1t began raining
lightly yesterday, with a strong southeast
wind, and this morning a downpour set in,
1.13 inches falling up to 5 p. m., with more
in sight for the night. The rain was heavier
in the foothills. The acreage sown is larger
than ever before and the grain is in fine con
dition.
HOLLISTER, March 15.— Rain has been fall
ing at intervals the past twenty-four hours. Up
to 6 o'clock this evening the fall measures .64.
The weather is still threatening. Late showers2
PROOF THAT VILE
CANNED BEEF WAS
FED TO SOLDIERS
CHICAGO. March 15.— The last wit
ness called before the army beef
court of inquiry to-da" - proved
to be sensational. He was an
officer of the regular army.
First Lieutenant M. F. Davis, of
the First Cavalry, called at the
request of Major Lee. the represen
tative of General Miles. Lieutenant
Davis testified that in Cuba one-half
of the canned roast beef issued to the
soldiers was thrown away because It
was unfit to eat. He testified that he
had opened one can himself and found
maggots in it.
Major Lee asked:
"How did the maggots get In there?"
"They were canned In there." the
witness replied.
Colonel Davis said:
"Are you aware that in the process
of canning this meat undergoes such
an intense heat that no animal life
could survive In it?"
"I don't mean to say they were
alive: they were dead."
The board left for Omaha to-night.
Inspection of the stock yards will be
made at Omaha and Kansas City, and
at the latter city some evidence will
be taken. The intention of the court is
to return to Chicago by next Tuesday
and proceed with the examination of
witnesses here.
The evidence brought forth to-day
was largely cumulative in its nature,
mainly with reference to tha condition
of canned and refrigerated beef when
, issued to the troops on shipboard and
in Cuba, and its effect upon the sol
diers.
Dr. John B. Shaw of Joliet, 111.. surgeon
of the Third Illinois Volunteers, testified
that on the voyage from Newport News to
Porto Rico canned roast beef was issued
and there was a great deal of complaint
about it. It was stringy, pulpy and
nauseating, and did not em to nourish
the men. Much sickness followed the use
of It.
The witness attributed the sickness
to ptomaine poisoning. He believed
ptomaines would develop In the hot sun
in five or six minutes atter a can was
opened. If the meat were properly steril
ized ptomaines could not develop. While
in Porto Rico, twenty-five miles from
Ponce, the matter of rations was taken
out of the regiment's hands to a great
extent. General Grant seemed to know
more about It than anybody else. The
witness took no particular interest in
it because of the action of General
Grant.
■•lb- cannot violate the law."
"He did."
"Did he issue orders?"
■•He issued whatever he saw fit."
"The law requires the surgeons to su
pervise the cooking of that which is is
sued. Did you Interest yourself to as
certain what was being Issued to the en
listed men?"
"We saw what was issued and took it
because we could not get anything else.
We had canned roast beef nearly all the
while, and the men refused to eat It. It
was ordered condemned and we buried
a ton of it. One of tin- men said If we
did not bury it it would bury us. A board
of survey was ordered, but I never heard
anything more about it. As to the re
frigerated beef, very little of it was
used, as at least three-quarters of it
would have to be cut off. I do not think
any chemicals had been used on the meat.
It was simply Spoiled. The meat had un
doubted lv been acted upon by the heat,
which had softened It. The fat and
grease and gelatine had all intermingled
with the fiber."
Under cross-examination. Dr. Shaw told
about being called one night to look after
th» men of Company A, who were re
ported to have been poisoned by eating
canned roast beef. He said they vom
ited fearfully, and It seemed that hy
podermic Injections of morphine would
hardly relieve the pain. They were sick
for some days afterward with a great
deal of diarrhea and Intestinal trouble.
"When the men ceased eating the
canned roast beef was there any ..im
provement?" asked Major Lee.
"Yes; the canned roast beef generally
gave them diarrhea and gastro enteritis."
"Did you in an official way recommend
Its discontinuance?" . '
"Yes, sir; to my immediate comman
. "Did the commissary come around and
find out how these things were?"
have assured a large crop of hay in this county, 1
also an abundance of feed for stock. The orch
ards are all ln full bloom.
BAN DIEGO, March 15.— The predicted storm
did not reach here to-day. It was clear until
late in the afternoon, with a fresh breeze from
the west. Toward 6 O'clock lt became cloudy
and at 10 to-night the sky was heavily over
cast. Up to that hour, however, the needed ,
rain, had not begun to fall.
EUREKA, March 15.— 1t has been raining \
here continuously for the last two days, with
excellent prospects for a continuance. Pro- i
• vidlng the rain reaches the southern part of ;
the State. Humboldt will experience the most
prosperous year in her history, because of the
lumber output. •■■ , : _Y ... _
GERMANTOWN. March Fitful showers
have been falling since yesterday morning, and
although the aggregate has been but .15 of an
Inch, the value to crops will be great. A
strong southeast wind continues and the pros
pects are good for a heavier downpour before
morning. • , ''.
JACKSON, March 15.— A heavy storm pre
vailed here yesterday and to-day. Two and a
quarter inches of rain has fallen during that
time, with indications that the storm is not |
over. The total rainfall for the season is 11.60
Inches, against 14.20 Inches last year.
WALNUT CREEK, March 15.— Heavy rain I
has fallen almost unceasingly since yesterday
morning and continues to-night. Nearly two
tend a half inches has fallen. < >rchardtsts who
had made arrangements to irrigate their lands ;
have abandoned the idea.
SANTA BARBARA, March 16.— down
pour which was threatened all yesterday com- *
menced in earnest at 1 o'clock this morning,
and ls coming down in magnificent shape under j
a stead - southeast wind.
BRENTWOOD. March 15.— 1t has been rain- i
ing steadily all day. The precipitation so far
is 132 inches for the etorm. Grain was
suffering, but good crops an now assured.
Th» froSt has not damaged almonds or fruit
YUBA CITY. March IS —The precipitation
for the storm is 1.71 inches: for the season.
10 32 Inches. Over one-half inch fell between
6 and 6 o'clock th!« evening. A heavy down
pour Is now in progress.
TEMPI-ETON. March 15.— light rain
that had fallen since 5 o'clock this morning
, turned to a heavy downpour to-night. Enough
has fallen already to tide crops over three
weeks longer. ■-''''■'.
SAN MIGUEL.. March 15.— 1t has been driz
zling here nearly all day, and to-night a copi
ous rain is falling. It has brought hope to
farmers and business mm.
COLUSA. March 15.— Rain commenced falling
here last evening. Up to this evening a quar
ter of an inch bad fallen, with prospects for
continued rain to-nlcht.
OILROY. March 15.— The precipitation . for
the storm to 6p. m. was 2. 0S Inches and for
the season 10.14. Creeks are running full and
it Is still raining.
NEWMAN', March This section was vis
ited by a glorious rain to day. One and a quar
ter Inches fail. The indications are for more
to-night. '■•' *•■ .
MAYFIEI-D. March 15.— A steady rain has
been falling here since early this morning.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC y yf
AFTER OIL LANDS
". LOS ANGELES, March -The j Los
Angeles Railway Company, which is con
trolled by Huntington, has obtained an
option on the.Kofoed Tract, near West
lake Park for the purpose of developing
crude oil. The recording of this option
elves strength to the' rumor thai tho
Southern Pacific- Company, through tha
electric railway company, had designs on
Nob Hill and the aristocratic neighbor
hood about Wcstlake Park, and would at
tempt to knock out the city ordinance re
stricting oil operations to a district out
ride of a radius of .GOO feet from Westlako
and Sunset Parks.. '
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative BrOmo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money if It fails to cure.
So.™ The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet.
SECRETARY OF WAR
ALGER DOES NOT
INTEND TO RESIGN
NEW YORK, March 15.—Gen
eral Russell A. Alger, Secretary
of War, to-day declared that he
had no idea of resigning his po
sition in the Cabinet and that
he had never entertained such
a purpose.
"I have never thought of re
signing," said General Alger at
the Fifth-avenue Hotel. "If I
had there would be only one
man that I would speak to about
it, 'and he is the President. I
have never exchanged a word
with him on the subject. I have
never thought cf it in any way."
General Alger said he had no
comment to make on the work
of the army board of in
quiry which is investigating
the charges that bad beef was
furnished soldiers in the Cuban
campaign. He knew nothing
about the inquiry, he said, ex
cept what he saw in the news
papers.
"I may have an opinion when
the work of the board is com
pleted," said he, "but it would
be improper for me to say any
thing at present."
"He came several times and told us it
was all right. I think it was Captain
Piper He told us it was all right and
we would have to eat it. Sometimes we
substituted what they call bacon, but a
great deal of that had maggots in it and
had to be condemned. if we had de
pended upon the army rations the troops
would have been starved to death. They
spent all the money they got to buy
things to eat, either at the commissary
.-Mr.- or in the city." „_,-,„_,,»
"What was the brand on this canned
r °"I St think It was Libby. McNeil & Libby;
lam not sure. I tried to eat some of it.
hut could not. It was absolutely revolt-
'""When the beef was eaten from cans,
did you order it emptied out of the can
in? -We di tried to have it served immediate
ly but under that intense heat putrefac
tion would Bet in almost as soon as
the can was opened. I think ptomaines
were developed almost Immediately afte.
the opening of the cans." •
"To what do you attribute the bad con
dition of the bread?"
"I think it was the bakers themselves:
perhaps the ovens. The natives took the
same flour and made it into fair bread.
The next witness was Colonel Fred Ben
nett, colonel of the Third Volunteers He
spoke of the voyage from Newport News
l °"There were a great many complaints
"There were a great many complaints
about the canned roast beef, he said
"The complaint about the canned roast
beef was that it was nauseating. Speci
mens were brought to me for examina
tion and I found them v very .repulsive.
The meat had a disagreeable smell. I
made frequent representations to General
Grant about the canned roast beef, but
he insisted that the trouble was lack of
knowledge on the part of the cooks.
Major Joseph A. Sanborn of Chicago,
major of the First Illinois "Volunteers,
testified that the canned roast beef was
unpalatable. He inspected the refriger
ated beef Two issues out of three were
in fine condition, but the third was con
demned because decomposition had set
In The witness attributed the spoiling
of the meat to the neglect of those charg
ed with the duty of issuing it to the men.
George Lees, the next witness, gave his
occupation as that of a packing house ex
pert, putting up machinery and . ap
paratus for large packing houses. He
said he was familiar with the classes of
cattle delivered in Chicago.
"What are 'canners?' " asked Major
Lee.
STANDARD OIL IN
ENGLISH POLITICS
Petroleum Bill Beaten
in Parliament.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, March 15.— 1n the House of
Commons to-day Harold James Reck
ltt. Liberal member for the Brlgg di
vision of Lincolnshire, moved the sec
ond reading of the bill raising the flash
point of petroleum from 73 to 100. In so
doing he said that it would not add ap
preciably to the cost, as many firms
had offered to supply oil at 100 flash
point at only a half cent per gallon
more than the present price.
Joseph Tullie, Irish Nationalist,
member for the South Division of Lei
trim, called the Imported American oil
"murder oil," and Alexander Use (Lib
eral), member of the Lothian Division j
of Lintlthgowshlre, ridiculed the evi
dence of Mr. Babcock, the Standard Oil
Company's director, before the Petro
leum Committee, and quoted an ad
vertisement of the Standard Oil Com
pany as bearing out the contentions of j
the supporters of the bill. .
The Parliamentary Secretary of the
Home Office, Mr. Collings, said the
Government was preparing a bill which j
it was hoped would settle the question
and carry out the recommendations of
the petroleum committee with the ex
ception of raising the flash point to 100,
which recommendation was adopted by
the committee by only a bare majority.
Mr. Collings disputed the assertion that
Great Britain was made the dumping
ground for oil which could not be used
in America. Continuing Mr. Collings
read Foreign Office reports showing
that in many States there was no law
on the subject, while in others the
flash point was the same or lower than
in Great Britain. He then 9ald:
"All the petroleum we are speaking of
is safe with ordinary care, and none
of it is safe without care. I question ;
whether accidents are due to the low
flash point. But it would be ruinous to j
dislocate the trade to the extent of .78 j
per cent, and I am convinced that the
bill if passed will sacrifice the best in
terests of the working people and tax
them, not for the benefit of the coun
try, but for the benefit of a clique
which is desirous of creating a monop
oly and increasing the price of oil."
The bill was rejected by a vote of 244
to 159. *^PP^
The Daily Chronicle, protesting vio
lently against the rejection of ' Mr.
Reckitt's bill, says: "The Government
must" be prepared for war over their
Rockefeller relief bill."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 16, 1899.
"What is generally termed 'canners* are
a very inferior class of cattle; I think
one-third of them . would be condemned
in any English market. Chucks and some
times meat scraped off the plates are used
for canning."
"About what per -cent of nutriment
would be left in the meat that goes in
the can?" V." y
"Little or none."
William H. Kepiogle testified that he
served in the hospital corps at Porto Rico
and that canned roast beef was frequent
ly served to the corps. He had seen three
or four cans open with maggots running
out of them. Witness stated that at
Guayamo he saw & piece of cooked fresh
beef which had maggots in it.
In reply to Major Lee the witness told
of the' sickness of one Thompson who had
nothing to eat the first day after, land
ing. The second day he was given corned
beef and hardtack, but had no way of
making coffee. The man became very
sick and died within a week.
After considering In executive session
the matter of calling more witnesses the
court took a recess until 2 o'clock.
At the afternoon session First Sergeant
Albert Salavln of the Seventh United
States Infantry testified that some of the
men complained that the canned roast
beef was not palatable. As to refriger
ated beef some of it spoiled— about half
of and It was buried.
Captain D. H. Boughton, Third Cavalry,
testified that in his command the officers
drew the same ration as the men while
in Cuba.
"The complaint about the canned beef,"
he said, "was that the men could not
eat the meat and would not eat It unless
absolutely compelled to do so to appease
hunger. When the cans were opened the
first thing that struck the observer was
the repulsive, uninviting appearance of
the contents. Diarrhea broke out In my
company some time after the surrender
and in general conversation among the
officers we attributed it In part to the
meat."
"What complaints were there as to the
refrigerated beef?"
"well, that was had. Sometimes half
of the quarter of refrigerated beef fur
nished would be untlt for use. Subse
quent to the surrender our command did
not receive a sufficient allowance of food."
In reply to Major Lee the witness said
that canned roast beef was absolutely un
lit for a ration.
"Do you consider canned roast beef
wholesome for the American soldier?"
"It is exceedingly unwholesome. It
tastes like chips. There is no substance
and the fat and grease are absolutely re
pulsive."
Colonel Henry L. Turner, who went to
Cuba In command of the First Illinois
Infantry and became a brigadier general,
was the next witness. He Bald that on
the way to Cuba there was a good deal of
unofficial complaint about the canned
roast beef, and the result of an official
complaint was that the surgeon con
demned a lot of it and it was thrown
overboard. The cans had swollen and the
moat was very bad.
In reply to Major I^ee the witness stated
that he tried to eat some of the canned
beef, hut it nauseated him and he could
not do it. It was certainly unfit for ra
tion in the warm climate. Ho regarded
it as a contributing cause of the sickness
of the men. He had also tried to eat the
refrigerated beef, but could not, as It
gave him diarrhea.
First Lieutenant M. F. Davis of the
First Cavalry was called upon request of
Major Lee. He said that In Cuba the. men
opened all the cans of roast beef Issued
to them, but only consumed half of the ;
contents on an average; the real was
thrown away because it was unfit to cat.
The contents of the can, he said, would
be about three-quarters suet, not what
you would call meat. Perhaps one
quarter or one-fifth of tne can would be
good fiber meat; the rest appeared to be
tailings or clippings. Sometimes a can
would be entirely spoiled. Witness said
he once opened a can which smelted bad;
he examined it and found maggots in it.
Major Lee: "How did the maggots get
in there?"
"They were canned in there."
"Are you aware that in the process of
canning this meat undergoes such an in
tense heat that no animal life could sur
vive in it?"
"I don't mean to say they were alive;
they were dead."
"iTou are positive about the identity of
the animal? '
"Vis. sir; quite positive."
"In consequence of the canned roast beef
not being sufflcienty sustaining and not
having nutriment in it, did your men lack
for food?'"
"They did."
"What was the name of this brand that
you found with maggots in it?"
"It was Swift & Co.'s brand."
"Are you certain of that?"
"I am certain."
The court adjourned to meet in Omaha
to-morrow.
M'KIMLEY HIS
A DAY OF REST
Free From Politicians
For a Time.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
THOMASVILLE, Ga., March 15 —
President McKinley rested to-day. He
enjoyed the first complete day's relax
ation from the cares of office or the
fatigues of travel that he has had In
j many months. No politicians came to
: see him. The residents of Thomasville
respected his wish that he should be
free from callers or functions, and the
few things of a personal nature which
it was necessary for him to attend to
were dispatched through Assistant Sec
retary Cortelyou. All details of the
Government's business are being at
tended to in Washington, and only
I matters of policy that possibly may de
velop will be laid before the President
here.
The opinion of the people of Thomas
ville is that Mr. McKinley Is in actual
need of the rest he ls beginning to take
They remember him as he was four
years ago when In Thomasville prior
to his nomination. They do not think
he looks sick, but all those who saw
much of him then say his appearance
does not evidence the buoyant, alert,
vigorous strength of that time. He
looks tired and fagged.
This morning Senator Hanna took
his guests on a carriage drive about
five miles from town to the country
home of Wyman Jones, the Senator's
brother-in-law. The weather was mild
a good breeze was stirring through the
pines and the gathering clouds that in
the afternoon resulted in a shower of
rain shielded the party from the sun.
The President enjoyed the drive and
his brightness on his return showed it
had done him good. The party was
home for lunch, and soon afterward
the President went to bed for the af
ternoon. After dinner Senator Hanna
and his guests chatted awhile and the
President retired early.
Rhodes and His Railroad.
BERLIN, March Cecil Rhodes, who
has been here several day* ln the interest
of his Cape to Cairo railroad project, had
another conference at the Foreign Office
to-day with Baron yon Bulow. the Foreign
Minister, and it Is rumored that Emperor
William also received him In audience.
Everything is now practically settled, and
Mr. Rhodes will go to The Hague to-mor
row. \
CHOATE MAKES
A GREAT SPEECH
New Embassador Wins
British Hearts. \
,
ELOQUENCE AND SOLID FACTS
SOME HUMOR ALSO INJECTED
INTO HIS -REMARKS.
Lord Charles Beresford and Other
Noted Englishmen Also Talk
at the Chamber of Com
merce .banquet.
Special iMsratch to The Call.
LONDON. March 15.— At the banquet
given to-night by the London Chamber
of Commerce, Rear Admiral Lord
Charles Beresford, who replied to the
toast to the navy, declined to be drawn
into a discussion of the Chinese situ
ation. He concluded his speech by
saying:
The company is waiting to hear a dis
tinguished guest, the new Embassador
of the United States, whom every man of
the fore and aft in this country is de
lighted to see, but I cannot be seated
without saying that I took every oppor
tunity to see the fleet of the Americans
in both the Pacific and Atlantic. I saw
a very excellent fleet, not only In the way
the ships are built but in respect of gen
eral organization and preparedness. I
need not extol its officers and men. They
are. of the same blood as our ships
and have proved what they can do
when called on. I hope the time will very
shortly come when there will be such an
understanding between the two countries
that If anything occurs disagreeable to
us or affecting our honor and safety
these two fleets will be together. That
will make much progress for peace.
Vice President Harper then submit
ted the toast of "Our Guests." coupled
with the names of Mr. Choate and
Baron Russell of Killowen. He ex
pressed his keen pleasure at the advent
of Mr. Choate at a time "when there
is every disposition to tighten the
bonds of the Anglo-Saxon race, whose
only objects are peace, prosperity, free
dom of trade and progress."
The toast was received with loud
cheers, the company standing and
shouting the name of Mr. Choate. who
was thrice cheered. Mr. Choate, on
rising to respond, received an ovation.
The United States Embassador began
jokingly, protesting that he was over
whelmed with embarrassment at being
called upon- to respond in pridrity to
the Lord Chief Justice. He felt that
when the British lion was aboct to
roar, even the Americas eagle snould
hold his peace. He was delighted, he
said, to receive and accept the invita
tion to the banquet, although he was
not at liberty to discuss British com
merce. His general instructions from
his Government were not to discuss
politics or only at extraordinarily fes
tal-occasions (laughter). After a- few
words on the subject of • commerce,
which he characterized as truly "the
mainstay .of the British empire." he
concluded as follows:
I have felt, however, that I might prop
erly avail myself of this first public occa
sion to express the appreciation; of my
countrymen for the forbearance; good will
and friendship manifested to them so
freely by the British people. It. is. true,
gentlemen' that peace between the United
States and Great Britain' is the flrst in
terest of not only these two nations but
for the whole world.
Everywhere I have been treated as a
friend and as the representative of your
friends and brothers. In fact, I have
actually discovered the open door— open i
to such an extent as would satisfy even |
the yearnings of the rear admiral who
has made the circle of the globe In search
of it. I think I may say as a testimony
to the good feeling sought to be encour- I
aged oh our side of the water that the
President gave the best Illustration of it
when he said in my letter- of credence
that he relied with confidence upon my
constant endeavor during my stay in
Great. Britain to promote the interest and
prosperity of both nations.
I beg that you will not mistake my
meaning. .1 do not believe that, although
friends," we shall' ever cease to be rivals.
In the future, as in the past, we on our
side and you on yours will still seek every
advantage that . can fairly, be taken; but
it shall be generous and loyal rivalry, and
all questions, disputes* and' controversies
arising shall be settled by peaceful means;
by negotiations, by arbitration, by any
and every means except war.
While the last conflict, between Great
Britain and America failed to settle any
of the great questions upon which either
side took up arms; showing that between
brethren war is the worst possible means
of settling any controversy, yet in the
eighty-four years that have since elapsed,
the tremendous questions, heated words,
threatening demonstrations which would
inevitably have brought two other- na
tions into open and frequent conflict, have
occured on either side and have all been
arranged and adjusted without restort to
arms.
Referring to the Venezuelan imbrog
lio, he observed: "You know that on
our side of the water we love occasion,
ally to twist the lion's tail for the mere
sport of hearing him roar. (Laughter.)
Well, that time he/disappointed us. He
would not roar at all. He sat silent as
the Sphinx, and by dint of mutual for
bearance, our sober second thought aid
ing your sober first thought, we avoided
everything but a mere war of words."
Alluding to the satisfactory dispelling
of the cloud between Russia and Eng
land over the Neuchang railway exten
sion loan by means of peaceful diplo
macy, Mr. Choate said:
That is the kind of diplomacy which I,
who am Just entering upon a diplomatic
career, desire very much to understand,
for I am fresh enough to believe that if
these two countries, laboring together for
peace, unite their voices In demanding it
ft is almost sure In every case. (Cheers.)
I would like to quote my President again,
for the last words I heard him say were
that the United States to-day were on
better terms with every nation on the
face of the earth than it had ever been
before. (Cheers.) Now, I have little
more to- say of my own country. (Cries
of "Go on.") Our young republic had
hard work during the past century to
subdue the continent and to turn the
wilderness into a smiling and wealthy
garden. But that business is now pretty
well finished, and so last • year your
Brother Jonathan started out to see the
world. He donned seven-league— nay,
seven hundred league boots ana planted
his footsteps on the isles of the sea. And
what gigantic strides he made! Hawaii,
then Manila, and another step, my Lord
Charles, would have brought . him to
Hongkong. Well, our interest and com
merce differ only in- degree: and it is— l
won't say. as Lord Charles Beresford did.
by putting fleets side by side, but by a
common purpose and a united voice for
us to command peace for the mutual sup
port of the commerce of the two coun
tries.
Gentlemen, we are almost one people.
What I say is. let our voice always be ;
lifted together for the cause of human
progress arm the advancement of civili
zation, and. my word for it, if that can
always be followed, why, then, law, or
der, peace and freedom, which are the
nurses of commerce the world over, will
prevail and the cause of humanity will be
advanced. (Cheers.)
Baron Russell followed Mr. Choate
and complimented him upon his elo
quence, the width and depth of his ob
servations and , the statesmanlike . tone
that pervaded his speech.
Double Tragedy at' Skaguay.
SEATTLE. March 15.— A Post-Intelli
gencer special from Skaguay, Alaska,
says that on Saturday last Thomas Du
gan, a barber, shot and fatally wounded
William M. wray, a machinist, and then
blew his own brains out. i*
* /
GERMAN CONSUL
AT APIA ALMOST
THREATENS FIGHT
Philadelphia Arrives at the Islands
and Americans Join Forces
With the British.
APIA. Samoa, March 10 (via Auckland, N. Z.. March 16) -Owing to threats by
the Mataifa people to burn the Malietoa villages in the island of Sayan unless
they sent taxes levied upon them, as well as a number of soldiers to support
Mataafa, the British Consul visited Savaii on the British cruiser Porpoise and the
commander of that vessel threatened to shell the villages of Mataafa s followers If
peace was disturbed. . , x .
Th* British and American Consuls have issued proclamations denying the
rumors in circulation to the effect that Mataafa had been recognized and
threatening strong action if the provisional government interfered with the
* The German Consul refused to join with the British and American represen
tatives and issued a proclamation upholding the provisional government and
denying that there had been any Interference by the Malietoa party. He add
ed to this document an extraordinary paragraph expressing the hope that the
provisional government "would be able to encounter the danger caused anew
to the peace of the Inhabitants by the English and American proclamation."
This put more heart into the rebels and therefore numbers of armed warriors
have gathered.
The United States cruiser Philadelphia, Admiral Ivautz commanding, has
arrived here and the admiral has held extended consultations with the various
Consuls, with Chief Justice Chambers and with Captain Sturdee of the Porpoise.
The provisional Government has removed the Malietoa prisoners to a strong
hold on the mainland, firing volleys over their heads during the transfer in order
to intimidate them.
A friendly feeling is shown by the officers and men of the American and
British navies here. The American admiral convened a meeting of the consuls,
the Chief Justice and the captains of the various warships including German,
on board the flagship, and it is probable that the result will be the presentation
of an ultimatum. It is generally thought that fighting is likely to occur.
SECRETS Of STATE
IRE REVEALED By
* SPAIN'S RED BOOK
Continued from First Page.
Russia, must be surprised at so enormous
an exaction by the American Government
and they will not find it very much in
harmony with the interests of each of
them in the Far East.
The first suggestion of the United
States to pay for the cession of the
Philippines which reached the Span
iards was through Embassador Porter,
who informed the Spanish Embassador
that it .had been determined by the
United States to compensate Spain for
the islands, the amount .to be deter
mined by- the American Commission
ers.
"My impression continues to be the
same as at the beginning of the nego
tiations," said the Spanish Embassador,
"that the purpose of the Americans is
to reject the Cuban debt and to pur
chase the Philippines at the lowest
possible price."
The negotiations continued until the
offer of $20,000,000 for the Philippines
was made by the American Commis
sioners and the latter had presented
their ultimatum, which called for an
answer from the Spanish Commission
ers November 28. On the previous day
the Minister of Foreign Affairs, the
Duke of Tetuan, thus concluded his in
structions upon ' this subject to the
Spanish Commissioners:.^.^::
-Neither $20,000,000 nor any other of the
propositions in the closing part of the
American ultimatum is acceptable to
Spain. In this view it would be proper to
terminate the conferences, leaving the
Americans' at liberty to dispose of what
ever they demand; but as this may pro
duce * ulterior complications and greater
ills to our country, which is anxious to
end this situation, no other means re
mains than to succumb to force, accept
ing the American proposition, but as a
-whole - and,- without analyzing or discuss
ing any* of Its parts, all of which are
equally unjust.
There was a division in the Spanish
commission as to the propriety of the
acceptance of $20,000,000 for the Philip
pines. Senor Rios himself considered
that the American proposition was far
more harmful than beneficial to Spain,
and as a last resort should offer the
West Indies and ' the Philippines to
the United States gratuitously, on con
dition that the colonial obligations
should follow them or that the United
•States should pay to Spain a sum suf
ficient to discharge these obligations, if
she were to assume them, and that if
the United States did not accept this
proposition it were preferable to leave
the West" Indies and the Philippines at
their "disposal, as Spain lacked the ele
ments necessary to defend them, and to
bring the negotiations to an end with
out concluding, a treaty of peace.
In a telegram, dated November 22 the
Spanish Embassador to Paris speaks of
a call made upon him by Whitelaw
Reid, in which the Commissioner in
formed him that the ultimatum pre
sented by the American Commissioners
was the last word of the United States
on the subject. To this the Spanish
Embassador replied that he considered
himself as having been notified of the
fact, and that he had no reply to make,
since all discussion was now useless
and idle.
The American terms were finally ac
cepted and then began a discussion on
the subordinate points included in the
ultimatum. In a letter dated December
11 the day after the treaty was signed.
Senor Rios, referring to the last memo
randum filed by the American commis
sion and its courteous tone, says:
As regards the question of the Maine
they (the American commissioners) de
cline to make any reply, as the estab
lished precedents and practice of
their country preclude it. The truth is
that, above all these precedents, . there
weighed upon the Americon commission
the Inability of giving any satisfactory
reply to the Spanish protest because of
the action of the President of the Union—
violative of the most elementary dictates
of generosity and prudence— in recalling
with language offensive to Spain the
Maine Incident on the most solemn occa
sion in the public life of the United States
and when the negotiations for the re-es
tablishment of peace were on the point
of terminating. -. >•
Spain's Red Book closes with a long
letter from Senor Rios, reviewing the
work of the Spanish commission, con
cluding in this language: -,-,-'■'-- V -.:
"This commission, in so painful a
task, had the consolation of counting
on the sympathy of the more* respect
able organs of the press of Continental
Europe, but it is also forced to mani
fest the pain it has been suffering dur
ing the negotiations because it was not
supported by the greater part of the
periodical publications, which consider
themselves unquestionably the organs
of public opinion in Spain. ' "ffff
"The Spanish commission, consider
ing the narrow limits in which it could
move and which had been irrevocably
fixed for Spain in the preliminaries of
the treaty of peace signed at Washing
ton on August 12 list, M. Cambon act
ing for Spain, during these negotiations
constantly drew inspiration for its» acts
in its purpose to save from the ruin of
the colonial empire of Spain such rem
nants as were possible, however lack
ing In importance . these remnants
might be, and above all in its uncon
querable resolve to never consent, that
the honor and dignity of the fatherland
should become stained.
"Spain had been vanquished in war.
It was indispensable that her commis
sion should not consent to her being
humiliated in bringing her peace.
"The commission believes, then, that
it has done its duty. It understands
that the treaty concluded is the least
prejudicial for Spain that it. was possi
ble to obtain, in view of the circum
stances which could not but inevitably
bear down their heavy weight upon her.
It trusts that the coming time will
demonstrate this, and it entertains the
hope that despite the solution imposed
by the terrible crisis through which the
nation has just passed, it may soon re
cover its strength and grandeur, and it
believes finally that the honor and dig
nity of the fatherland have been saved
in these painful negotiations as the
most precious remnants of the wreck
of the old Spanish colonial empire."
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
"WASHINGTON, March 15.— Navy
Department opened bids for the construc
tion of buildings and headquarters for the
new naval training station, which is to
be located on Yerba Buena Island in the
bay of San Francisco, under a project
formed by Captain Dickens of the Navi
gation Bureau. There were nineteen bid
ders for the work, the lowest on the face
of the bids being Campbell & Pettus of
San Francisco at 174,409. The bids were
in many cases irregular in form, so that
the award cannot be predicted now.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California— lncrease— George H. Andrews,
San Diego, $17 to $24; Joseph E. Wood,
Riverside, $5 to $S. v; yy
Washington— lncrease— James Crosser,
Springdale, $3 to $12. Reissue— William
Gosney, dead. Dayton, $8. Original
widows, etc.— Minors of Marcus L. Rea
veis, Prescott, $12; Matilda Gosney, Day
ton, $12.
Oregon— Original— George C. Varney,
Harbor, $8.
The following transfers are announced:
Major Abner H. Merrill (promoted from j
captain. First United States Artillery) to
the Third United States Artillery, to date ! i
from February 23, vice Kinsec, promoted. !
He will report by telegraph to command
ing general. Department of California, for j
assignment to station and proceed, to join '
station to -which he may be assigned. |
Captain Charles G. Woodward (promoted
from first lieutenant. Third United States
Artillery) to the Fourth United States
Artillery, Battery M, to date from Feb- I
ruary 15, vice Fuger, promoted. He will
remain on duty in the Department of the
Pacific until further orders.
Private Harry H. Kerr, Battery B.
Third United States Artillery, now at Ma
nila, Philippine Islands, will be sent with
his descriptive list to the Presidio, San
Francisco, and will upon his arrival
there be discharged the service of the
United States by the commanding officer j
of that post. The telegraphic instruc- l
tions V)f February 4, directing the dis
charg^of Sergeant Humphrey B. Sulli- I
van, Company B. First California Volun- j
teer Infantry, and Private Lewis Mor
ris, Company L, First California Infan- |
try, are confirmed.
Private William E. Shank, Battery X, i
Third United States Artillery, Manila,
will be discharged the service of the
United States by the commanding officer
of his station.
Acting Assistant Surgeon James H.
Hepburn. U. S. A., will proceed from this
city to Plattsburg Barracks, N. V.. and
report in person to the commanding offi
cer of the Twenty-first United States In- j
fantry for duty, to accompany that regi- j
ment to Manila.
By direction of the President, under
provisions of the act of Congress, the As
sistant Secretary of War directs that the
followed named enlisted men, now at sta
tions designated after their respective
names, be, upon their own application,
placed upon the retired list, to take ef
fect upon receipt of this order at post
and repair to their homes:. Sergeant Wil
liam W. Weller, detachment of ordnance,
Benicia Arsenal. Cal.: Sergeant John Nl
hlll. Company A, Battalion of Engineers,
Manila.
HEARST ESTATE SUED
BY A NEWSPAPER MAN
NEW YORK, March 15.— The Morning
Telegraph prints ; the following from !
Washington: The property of the estate I
of the late Senator George Hearst of Cal
ifornia has been attached here in an ac- |
tion brought by Corry M. Stadden, a I
newspaper correspondent,' who sues to re- !
cover the sum of $257.08 which he alleges j
is due him for services rendered the New i
York Journal, which paper is owned by I
the Hearst estate.
Mr. Stadden during the period preced- j
ing the war with Spain was attached to |
the Washington bureau of the Journal.
At that time Max F. Ihmsen was In
charge of the bureau. According to the
papers filed by 1 the plaintiff, Mr. Ihmsen
divided the amount of his earnings in
half "so as to make a good, economical
showing at the main office." This, says
Mr. Stadden. was customary with the
Journal, which was incurring greater ex
penses because of the war scare than the
estate desired to pay. , : \ -
The plaintiff alleges he has made num
erous attempts to collect the money due ;
him. but without success, so he has ac
cordingly brought suit and asks, besides !
the principal, interest from May last.
The suit will be brought to trial on '
May 22.' -■ ' •■ '•* y'.- Vf
TREADWELL ARRAIGNED
FOR ATTEMPTED MURDER
SAN JOSE. March 15.— James Tread
well, the young capitalist, who nearly
killed Georgie Woods, an inmate of a
house at 10 Orchard street, by jumping
upon her a few weeks ago, was arraigned
before Justice Rosenthal to-day on a
charge of attempt to murder. His ex
amination was set for. March 17. Tread
well'was released on- $2000 bonds. The
Woods woman has sued Treadwell for
$23,000 damages sustained by the beating.
After knocking her down, Treadwell
jumped on her head with both his feet.
She was seriously hurt, and for a cmmle
of weeks it was thought she would itlec
Treadwell has been trying to wm\HV»
mise the case. He went Into hiding nbou.
a week ago, but was decoyed twin hi*
retreat last night and arrested nnd Ksli^vi
XtSSI-Skt-y ■ -.^leiMiai-Tjw;'
in jail. Tread-veil is only 19 years of age
and is heir to ■($500,000. _
SUES THE SUNSET
FOR HEAVY DAMAGES
John G. Mcßride Claims the Tele
-y phone Company Failed to
Deliver a Message.
TACOMA, March John G. Mc-
Bride, real estate and mining broker, to
day sued the Sunset Telephone and Tele
graph Company, a California corporation,
for $25,000 damages. He alleges that his
domestic relations have been severed and
his happiness destroyed by reason of de
fendant's failure to deliver a telegram to
him in Arizona. , - _-, '■'__ '._*
The complaint recites that Mcßride
went from his home near Lake Park,
Ariz., prior to September, 1898. On the
26th of that month his son telegraphed
him concerning the serious illness of his
daughter. The telegram was filed at
Parkland and addressed to the plaintiff
at Jerome, Ariz. It was paid for at the
Parkland office. It was as follows:
J. G. Mcßride, Jerome, Ariz.— Father, Maggie
is dying. Send money at once. Await answer.
According to the complain., instead of
sending the message as ordered it was
sent to J. G. Upright, and Mr Bride never
received it. Not having received it. Mc-
Bride alleges, he naturally knew nothing
of the family sickness and continued
about his business in ignorance of the
sickness and eventual death of his
daughter. His refusal to reply to the
message or respond to the call of the
family for assistance led to the trouble
for which he demands big damages. He
charges that in consequence of his ap
parent neglect his return home resulted
in his wife and children refusing to rec
ognize him. His wife thinks he pur
posely neglected her during their daugh
ter's illness. His domestic happiness is
thus destroyed and his reputation in
jured.
ARMED MEN ARE NOW
DEFYING THE LAW
DENVER, March 16. 2:20 a. m— A dis
patch was received by Governor Thomas
this morning from Sheriff J. W. Dick of
Hinsdale County asking for troops to aid
him in enforcing the law at Lake City. It
says 100 or more armed men, mostly
Italians, are defying the law. Arrange
ments are being made to send a company
from Denver at once.
BecKer's Confession Verified.
CHICAGO, March 10.— August Becker,
the sausage-maker who confessed last
night to having killed his wife and boiled
! and buried her body, to-day took police
officers to the spot in his yard where he
had buried the charred remains. Two
baskets of charred bones were found, and
Dr. Dorsey to-night identified a portion
of them as a human shoulder-blade. A
small piece of the woman's dress was also
found.
Lawyers Cited for Contempt.
BUTTE, Mont., March 15.— Receiver
Hinds to-day attempted to take posses
sion of the property of the Boston and
Montana Mining Company and met with
armed resistance. All the attorneys and
officers of the Boston and Montana Min
ing Company were cited into court for
contempt.
Boxine Matches at Paris.
PARIS, March 15.— Much Interest is
displayed in sporting circles here in a
boxing match just arranged between Rey
nolds, an American, and Charlemont, the
French champion. ■
ADVERTISEMENTS.
If life were one long* summer day and its
journey through a garden of flowers, it
might be possible fforr r people to be careless
of their health without fearing evil results.
Unfortunately, since Adam and Eve were
driven from the Garden of Eden, life has
not been a toilless journey through a garden
of flowers. Man must earn bread by the
sweat of his brow, and woman must bring
forth children in pain and suffering. \
In both cases the curse is multiplied
many times over because both men and
women neglect their health. Man's toil is
rendered a thousand times harder by the
added burden of ill-health. The woman is
a still greater sufferer. She suffers in si-
lence untold agonies from weakness and
disease in a womanly way. - Motherhood
becomes to her a menace of death, and her
babes are born with the seeds of disease
already implanted in their little bodies.
There is but one unfailing remedy for wom-
en who suffer in this way. It is Dr. Pierces
Favorite Prescription. It acts directly on
the delicate and important organs that bear
the brunt of maternity. It makes them
• strong, healthy, vigorous, virile and elastic.
It allays inflammation, heals ulceration,
soothes pain and tones and builds up the
tortured nerves. It fits for wifehood and
motherhood. It does away with the trials
of the period of apprehension and makes
baby's advent easy and almost painless.
Thousands have testified to its marvelous
merits. f'ff'yl
*' I was afflicted for four years with local weak-
ness, but would not confess it for a time." writes
Mrs. Beulah Woodall. of Batenmn, Patrick Co..
Va.. "then I took the 'Favorite Prescription*
and ' Golden Medical Discovery,* and they cured
roe. I cannot praise Dr. Pierces medicines
too much."
Use '?"%, Use
Woodbury's K* 6^ Woodbury's
Facial Soap. *^7 Facial Cream.
Wrinkles, blotches. pimples, blackheads,
rough, • red or oily skin speedily removed and
cured and the skin rendered soft, smooth and
white. Send 10 cents for Beauty Book, and re-
ceive samples of each. JOHN .t. WOODBURY.
26 W. 23 St.. New York, and 163 fctate St.. Chi-
cago^ " _^
Relieve yffy^T^C Relieve
gslM. Colds,
Bronchitis, €S^ SoieTftroat, I
Goiigtis, Hoarseness.
In boxes only— sold In bulk. 1
B_a_-H__ ' -BSS3-g_g_! ___gBB SgSS_gß-g_Bß_Bß_i
ESa^DR. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
■_■_' iH Five hundred reward for any
HT*. case we cannot cure. This secret
W. f ' L , J« remedy stops all losses 'in 24
553 fHs_s| hours, cures Emissions. Impo-
|7?n kVuil tency, Varicocele, Gonorrhoea.
_____ _____} Gleet. Fits. Strictures, Lost
fflS JfJEH Manhood and alt wasting- ettects
■»^^^D__H of Self-abuse or excesses. Sent
I sealed. *2 bottle; 3 bottles. $:>: guaranteed to
! cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL INSTI-
i TUTE. 855 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for
! saia at 107SV. Market st . S. F. All private dis-
; eases quickly cured. Send for free book.
q visit 08. JORDAN'S <*«*«
-JL Museum of Anatomy
' InsSl ::51 HASXXS ST. Hi. 6th A S. F.
M ■ *•>» t«r»«iof luMaftotfca World.
\ _y__t.l DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases
IJT"'ff ft. ' C#««lttU« **** Wrtw for b»<*»
X I (^Philosophy of Marriage.
1-- _^^K_^_k_!<-, M *' ! :**ls a no u-pot*«onoflB
A *\______W '-<"ui-«J. tot Gonorrhcea.
>^^«-l*!, ,:. &'?*.*« "'P'Ttna.torrhoe.,
_^_^T i» ( w > «««» > ©1 'jhltes, unnatural dis-
tfmW ."i"*.-* 1 ■ .'ti_r**\s, or any inflamma-
gmaW »>. *» auw'.r.. tion, uritatiou or uh-era-
*V___J-„.«ii «.*«i..*t. Uon of cou. ment-
yTSllKlfltm CHEWS'* Oft, t- •'»'"•'•■ Nou-a»ttins*ut.
\\S?^.' v A, " I'°1 '° ESH! S,ylti br *""«-nss:>M*.
- \l®_\*. l',i x. JmmW _ r St " ut la rlaia wrapper,
.^__^l_^___^^B V.* ''* "-' r * /ss i Prepaid, tot
\lil____Milll-M3 ti Ji ,(X '* or •' bottles, 12.70.
« ttr-u-_r Mat v& r»__»ASENATORIAL BREAK
IS NOW HINGING
ON ADJOURNMENT
Indications All Point to No Election at This
Session.
DAN BURNS IS NOT A POSSIBILITY
A Majority of Republican Legislators Believe That No Sen
ator Is Better Than to Have the State Disgraced
hy the Selection of the Mexican.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 15.— The sentiment in
favor of an early adjournment is grow
ing stronger every hour. If the dead
lock on the Senatorship can be broken
at all it can be broken this week. It
is obvious that the break will' not come
if it comes at all until the Legislature
fixes a time for adjournment sine die.
The business of the session so far as
law-making is concerned can be fin-
ished without rushing matters by mid
night next Saturday.
The concurrent. resolution to adjourn
on next Saturday which the Asesembly
has adopted will come up on the ques
tion of concurrence in the Senate to
morrow. If the Senate concurs the
heavy work to break the deadlock will.
immediately begin.. The candidate
other than Dan Burns who comes with
in a few votes of the number necessary
for a choice will get the support of
members who believe that great sacri
fices of. individual preferences should
be made to bring about the election
of a Republican Senator.
Burns is omitted from the possibili
ties because public judgment is pro
nounced against him and for the
further reason that he is the candidate
of the Southern Pacific Railroad. At
least fifty of the Republican members
of the Legislature believe that his elec
tion would be discreditable to the State
and many cf them are firm in the belief
that the success of. Burns would dis
rupt the Republican party in Califor
nia. It is the profound and deliberate
judgment of the Republican majority
in the Legislature that no Senator
would be better than Burns as Senator.
That judgment formed early in the ses
sion grew stronger as' the contest pro
gressed. When members were in doubt
they consulted their constituents and
the response of the people was an earn
est remonstrance against the election
of Burns.
The Grant men have not yet made up
their minds whether they will oppose or
support the proposition to adjourn this
week. They will be governed, it is said,
by the outcome of the balloting to-mor
row. To-night they are claiming a
gain of ten votes. Close inquiry leads
to the belief that the claim is shadowy
nothing more than a bluff, borrowed
from the corral of Dan Burns. The
touts assert that they will not lose a
.man to-morrow and it is known that
the supporters of General Barnes held
a conference at noon to-day and re
newed their determination to stand by
their eloquent leader until the finish of
the campaign, It is believed that the
Barnes forces are firmer than ever.
One of the stories circulated to-night
by the boomers of the San Diego can
didate is that the people of Nevada
County have requested Assemblyman
Robinson to transfer his allegiance
from General Barnes to Grant. Refer
ence is made to a petition signed by
the Mayor and leading citizens of Grass
Valley urging the Assemblyman to get
in for Grant. Assemblyman Robinson
was asked to-night if there was any
truth in the report that he intended to
vote for Grant. He replied:
"I am anxious to see a Senator elect
ed and will cast my vote to brine about
that end. Present conditions do not
justify me in believing that my vote
would enhance the chances of any one
of the Senatorial candidates. There
fore I have no present intention of
withdrawing my allegiance from Gen
eral Barnes. I have before stated and
will state now that I will never vote
for Burns for Senator."
Another story going the rounds to
day is one to the effect that Assembly
man Valentine will cast his vote for
Dan Burns. Mr. Valentine was asked
for information on this topic and he
gave it as follows:
"Whoever says that I Intend to vote
for Burns tells a deliberate falsehood.
I am voting for General Barnes and
will continue voting for him. While I
have nothing to say derogatory to the
candidacy of Burns, I will say em
phatically that I will not vote for him
now or at any future time."
General Barnes* column has with
stood furious assaults during the oast
forty-eight hours from the forces of
Grant and Dan Burns. Grant's men
are moved by a desire to gain strength
immediately in order to turn the tide
their way. Burns is playing a deep
game in his effort to demoralize the
Barnes men. He is convinced that
Bulla Valentine and others from the
south' will never go to Grant. He cal
, ADVEBTISEMENTS.
@+®+®+®+®>®+®+®4®+®+®+®+®*S>*®^
! MY BELT NEVER FAILS \
® ■ : ■"'-■•._
® He who seeks a cure wants _ N&AHfc. /t&^-'^y 'yHfeo- " -
%no trifling— no 'delay. Such a v\-i^aS^l^J^H^^_fe__M : <
% man values the remedy that -% " JS^Y- .
® pulls him through. He's grate- |B^^AKD^^«V : "-,
@ fui and feels like telling others aiti^r- ELECTRIC BELT£3dfl *
| Hammefof Long Beach, Cal., \
1 says, January sth: "I bought one \
"I of your Belts a year ago for lame IlV 7'V V ? ' , ' \
"*" back I had suffered 15 years, used all kinds of medicines and plasters, 2
® but got no relief till I wore your Belt, It has entirely cured me." All kinds
(* of men find in _ y ELECT __, C B __ LT f
® MY ELECTRIC BELT \
♦ That remedy they craved, but sought in vain, in medicines and plasters. I
® The words of those whom I've cured come with weight, for such men have i
® Droved the power which saved them when stretched low in pain. It .'never i
'"♦" fails. Call and see my Belt, or send for my little book, mailed free. This }
•2 ells all about it." '-'.''. $fi
I dr. m. a. Mclaughlin, book, 5
$ 702 Market St.. cor. Kearny. S.F. "THREE CLASSES OF MEN," (
® Or 204. South Broadway. Lo? Angeles MAILED FREE. ■>
Z Office hours-8 am. to « P h ™;= Sundays. SEND FOR IT. C
® 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES. .
I*®+®+®+®*®+®+®+®*^^
culates, therefore, that the disruption
of the Barnes camp will bring to the
Candelarian corral the southern men
who never can go to Grant.
The Senatorial campaign is not
wholly devoid of humorous features.
Judge Waymire was here for several
days endeavoring to devise some plan
of breaking the lock and electing: a
Senator. He fancied that concessions
could be brought about if the members
of the Legislature could be assembled,
not in joint convention or caucus, hut
at the banquet board. It was suggest
ed that the candidates, after dinner,
might be invited to say a few words to
the legislators that would promote
good feeling. The plan was unfolded
to General Barnes, who was not at all
enthusiastic over the suggestion, but
was willing to invite his supporters to
attend if the other aspirants, were
ready to join. Thus encouraged, Judge
Waymire went down the hall to
Grant's apartments and unfolded his
scheme. The idea of meeting General
Barnes in an after-dinner talking, con
test so surprised and bewildered Grant
that he lost his proverbial self-posses
sion and shouted: "No." The Judee
was dumfounded at the abruptness of
the refusal, and at once declared the
dinner "off." ■
Advices received from Colusa to-night
| report that Senator-elect J. W. Goad,
, who was chosen at the recent special
J election in the Eighth Senatorial Dis
trict to fill the vacancy caused by the
I death of John Boggs, will leave Colusa
for Sacramento to be sworn in as soon
as official returns* are received from
i Mendocino County. The new Senator
\ may take his seat before the present
session adjourns. Mr. Goad is a Demo
crat, but his party does not gain a
: vote by his election, as Senator Boggs
i was a Democrat.
There was a deal of comment at the
Barnes conference to-day over state
ments published in a San Francisco
paper and attributed to Senator Strat
ton. It seems that the Senator was
misquoted and made to say that he had
given up hopes of General Barnes' suc
cess. This interpretation of the inter
view caused considerable indignation
among the supporters of General
Barnes and created some joy in the
camps of Dan Burns and U. S. Grant.
To-night Senator , Stratton gave The
Call the following signed statement:
"My position with regard to General
Barnes' candidacy for the position of
United States Senator has caused some
misapprehension. I am as loyal to him
as ever and sincerely desirous of seeing
him elected. I have, however, been in
confidential communication with many
of the leaders of all of the different fac
tions other than those of Colonel Burns,
and after numerous conferences it has
been practically demonstrated to me
that there is no method or manner
whereby the opposing forces can be
consolidated for the election. of a United
States Senator. I believe that the dead
lock will continue, although it is likely
that a considerable number of votes
may change around, but if .the candi
dates adhere to their determination not
to suffer any material movement in
their forces then, of course, there can
be no election. The continuous voting
for nearly three months by legislators
for their respective candidates has so
committed them that it seems impos
sible to have a compromise. I there
fore have merely stated that it looks,
just at the present time, impossible to
have any United States Senator. This
would apply not only to General Barnes,
but to all others. It does not mean in
the slightest General Barnes' with
drawal from the contest. He is. in my
opinion, a magnificent man, and it is
with sincere regret that I perceive the
continuous determination on the part
of both Senators and Assemblymen to
make no compromise when such an
available candidate as General Barnes
is in the field. This is the situation as
I view it, but it may materially change
in the last days of the week.
"F. S. STRATTON."
False rumors are now flying around.
Among them is one to the effect that
Senator Bulla will ultimately vote for
Dan Burns. The Senator said to-night
that he had no desire to rush into print,
but authorized The Call to quote him as
saying: "I will never vote for Burns.
I have told Burns so, and he fully un
derstands it."
TO CONTROL CHARGES
OF CORPORATIONS
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March Assemblyman Crow
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. MARCH 16. 1 899.
ADJOURNMENT
WILL COME ON
SATURDAY NEXT
™ CALL HEADQUARTERS, SAC- J.
RAMEXTO, March 15.— The Legis- *?
gg lature will adjourn at midnight on jg
♦ Saturday March IS. This was prac- ♦
88 tically decided this evening by the 88
\ members of the Senate. The ac- *
+ tion was wholly informal,. but was ~
& taken with the object. of getting a *,
♦ general expression of opinion as a *%
£■ guide for formal proceedings to- 88
♦ morrow. The joint resolution ♦
88 adopted by the Assembly on Satur- *
A day, and which provides for ad- eg
5> journment next Saturday, will V
gg come up in the Senate to-morrow 53
for final action. Under the terms *
gg of the mutual understanding, ar- jg
x rived at to-night it is probable +
m that the Assembly resolution will eg
♦ be concurred in without much op- 4
g_ position. Unless present plans are 88
♦ changed before 11 o'clock to-mor- &
88 morrow morning, the thirty-third $
♦ session of the California Legisla- gg
\ ture will be brought to a close next ♦
85 Saturday at midnight. . *°
■♦£-»«+&•-&•- 88 ♦ 88 ♦ 8$ +?2+BB+S2+BB B
der's constitutional amendment No. 22
was passed in the Assembly this after
noon and transmitted to the Senate. It
is designed to so amend the constitution
that the Legislature may place a limit
upon the charges of telegraph, telephone
and gas companies and charges for
wharfage. It provides as follows:
"The Legislature shall pass laws, regu
lations and limitation of the charges for
services performed and commodities fur
nished by telegraph, telephone and gas
corporations and the charges by corpora
tions or individuals of storage and wharf
age in which there is a public use, and
where laws shall provide for the selection
of any person or officer to regulate and
limit such rates, no such person or offi
cer shall be selected by any corporation
or individual interested in the business to
be regulated, and no person shall be se
lected who is an officer or stockholder In
any such corporation."
SENATORIAL ROUTINE
GOES PLODDING ON
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 15.— A message from the
Governor read this morning in the Sen
ate announced his approval of Senate bill
No. 127, an act to abolish the payment to
NO WONDER THEY'RE HAPPY.
counties of fees for the collection of State
taxes. The bill. was Introduced by Sen
ator Dickinson in an endeavor to stop
the payment of large fees to attorneys
for the collection of commissions from
the State and due the counties • for tax
collections. The bill just signed repeals
the act allowing the commissions.
A communication from the Society of
American Authors asking that the Legis
lature provide for the proper observance
of the one hundredth anniversary of the
death of Washington, . December 14, 1899.
was received. The communication was In
pursuance of a meeting of the society,
held in New York in February last, at
which it was decided to recommend that
all work cease upon that day, and that
it be further observed by the laying of
the corner atone of the National Univer
sity in Washington. y-yy-
Assembly constitutional amendment
No " 13, providing an exemption from poll
tax for all who vote at a general election,
came up for quite an extended discussion.
It was first discussed under an-amend
ment submitted by Stratton adding pri
mary elections to general elections to se
cure exemption. This was opposed by
some because it made the conditions too.
difficult of compliance and by others be
cause they did not believe In the propo
sition anyway. They thought a man
should attend to the. duties of a- citizen
without hope of compensation.
Stratton's amendment was lost, and
then the constitutional amendment itself
followed the same path to oblivion.
Assemblyman Kennealy's bill to pro
hibit the employment of any but citizens
of the United States on public works
caused a long discussion and was finally
amended and sent back to the printer.
The principal amendment adopted was
one allowing soldiers and sailors of the
United States service to be employed,
provided they held honorable discharges.
Gillette submitted an amendment allow
ing the employment of any one who had
secured his first naturalization papers,
but this was not adopted.
The Trademark Law Signed.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 15.—Governor Gage to
day approved Rickard's substitute for As
sembly bill No. 22, making it a misde
meanor to sell or traffic in or refill any
cask, keg. bottle, vessel, siphon, can,
case or other package bearing the duly
filed trademark or name of another
printed, branded, stamped, engrossed,
etched, blown or otherwise attached or
produced thereon.
FREE MARKET
WILL NOT BE
HIDDEN AWAY
The Assembly Brings the Bill
Back to Its Original
Condition.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 15.— Goodall, Perkins &
Co.'s reported attempt to shove San Fran
cisco's free market down the water front
to an obscure location at the foot of
Front street was frustrated to-day in the
Assembly. ■■ : fr'ff ...
'Senate bill 43, as It was originally in
troduced by Senator Langford, gave for
use as a free market a triangular piece
of water front property bounded by East,
Pacific and Davis streets. ;
Goodall, Perkins & Co. have, it is as
j serted, used that particular piece of prop
erty for over ten years and for all that
time have maintained a lot of unsightly
coal sheds and bunkers there. As a coal
station the block is worth thousands each
month to the steamship people, but they
i have paid to the State a rental of only
j $600 each month.
When the proposition was first made
to 'turn their coaling yards over for use
as a free market the company began a
hard fight and maintained it here in Sac
ramento through a powerful lobby.
In the Senate they were successful.
When the bill came up there a week ago
It was so amended that the pier at the
end of Front street, away off behind Tele
graph Hill, was made the location in
stead of the Davis street block.
When the bill was transmitted to the
Assembly Radeliff of Santa Cruz, who
has had the management of the measure,
offered amendments to the Senate amend
ments, which left the bill in its original
shape. His amendments were adopted
and to-day the measure came up in the
Assembly on its final passage and was
passed by a vote of 56 to 1.
Knowland of, Alameda was the mea
sure's only opponent. He said his inter
est was not personal, but that he under
stood that Goodall, Perkins & Co. had
used the property for years and had
erected valuable improvements upon it.
He thought they should not be summar
ily turned out.
• Radeliff denied that Goodall, Perkins &
Co. had erected anything on the prop
erty but a lot of unsightly shanties and
one Inexpensive corrugated iron struc
ture.
"Although the free market bill was
passed at the last session of the Legisla
ture." said Mr. Radeliff, "the San Fran
cisco Harbor Commission has never pro
vided any place for the market and ship
pers have been compelled to have their
BURNS SCORED
ANOTHER FAILURE
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SAC
RAMENTO, March 15.— Mr. Burns'
supporters were claiming last
night and this morning that they
had two more names for the black
list of those who have gone Mexi
can since the Senatorial fight
opened.
The rollcall, however, failed' to
make their assertions good. There
was no change.
The Democrats voted for Frank
Gould.
The vote cast to-day was the
largest cast during the session.
"All three of the leaders polled their
full strength, and the ballot came
out as follows:
BARNES ...22
ESTEE •••••• 1
BURNS • .....27
GRANT -.29
SCOTT 5
ROSENEELD (D.) 1
WHITE (D.) 1
GOULD (D.)..... 22
PHELAN (D.).. 2
BRAUNHART (D.). 1
MAGUIRE (D.) 1
NO SENATOR
RATHER THAN
DAN M. BURNS
SANTA BARBARA, March 15.— At a meeting of the execu
tive committee of the Republican Central Committee held this
evening, it was unanimously moved that the office of Senator
should remain vacant rather than have Dan Burns.
The following resolution addressed to Senator Boyce' and As
semblyman Merritt was unanimously adopted:
It is the judgment of this Central Committee
that U. S. Grant is the best and most availa
ble candidate for United States Senator and
your course in supporting him meets with our
approval, and we hereby enjoin upon you to
make no change and do no act that will in any
manner advance the candidacy of Daniel M.
Burns. We would rather the office of United
States Senator should remain vacant than that
it should be filled by D. M. Burns.
fruit hauled a, long distance over rough
streets to the wholesale and commission
houses. bill gives to the market a piece
"This bill gives to the market a piece
of property only a short haul from the
commission houses, and the hill in its
original shape and as I have amended
it is satisfactory to the Fruit Growers
Association, the San Francisco Chamber
of Commerce and all concerned.
Dibble of San Francisco , seconded l th«
bill, and so did Cosper of Tulare and Han
lev of San Francisco. fj-ittdfa
The bill was immediately transmitted
to the Senate, where Radcllff's amend
ments were concurred in this evening, it
will now go to Governor Gage in its orig
inal shape.
SELF-APPOINTED LEADERS
HAVE LOST THEIR PRESTIGE
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 15.— fight between
the members of the San Francisco dele
gation and their self-appointed leaders.
Dibble and Johnson, was on right mer
rily to-night in the Assembly chamber,
and Dibble and Johnson had no one but
themselves to thank for it. Before a
wearying call of the House put an end to
it it was strongly Impressed upon both
of the Assembly engineers that their cus-
tomary game of bluff had been properly
called, and that an assumption of Burns'
pull and the liberal wielding of the whip
would no longer work with the "push."
Dibble started the row by bitterly op
posing a transposition on the file asked
for by E. D. Sullivan of San Francisco.
It was one of the numerous measures
designed to cut down to a reasonable ex
tent the fees of San Francisco's Public
Administrator and, for that matter, all
Public Administrators of the State. It
provides that when the heirs to an estate
in this State live in a foreign country
any one of the heirs at law may nomi
nate some one living in this country to
act as administrator.
Under the present law all such estates
fall to the easy working fingers of the
public official, and his gleanings from
that source are not the smallest that
come to him during his term in • office.
Sullivan to-night asked permission to
make his bill a matter of special urgency
on the file of to-morrow. Dibble at once
objected and contended that a rule of
fered by him a day or so ago operated
against the motion in this case. The
rule was that if seven members of the
House should object to such a motion it
should not prevail. Dibble said the bill
was a bad one and Mr. Johnson said so,
too It had been before the Judiciary
Committee, they said, and three days had
been given to its consideration.
One of the chief witnesses before the
committee at the time of its considera
tion was Abe Ruef; attorney for the Pub
lic Administrator of San Francisco, and It
Was evident at the time that the commit
tee had accepted his opinion on so im
portant a matter as its own. Dibble ob
jected and called upon others in the House
to do so. He finally mustered eight and
the motion was lost. Then White of San
Francisco attempted to get another bill
forward on the file and Dibble pursued the
same tactics. Mr. Ruef's Interests were
well looked' to.
Then came Atherton's bill to make the
costs of prosecution of crimes committed
In prisons chargeable against the State
instead of against the counties in which
the prisons are situated. All through the
evening Dibble had been hurrying things
ns rapidly as the clerks could keep the
records. Delay to Dibble is not preferred
i to a week's sickness, and in this fact the
members found their opportunity to get
back.
Atherton's bill needed six more votes
than lt got to pass it and the delegation
immediately set up a howl for a call of
the House. . Then they demanded a roll
call on the question and won on that
point, although Dibble made a fight
against It. The call was finally ordered
and the doors closed. Then Dibble raised
some points of order and attempted to dic
tate the decisions of Speaker Anderson.
The Speaker declared his point was not
well taken and the gang on the other side
of the House laughed." They kept it up
for as much as half an hour and then
Atherton himself moved that the call be
suspended and it was so ordered. His
bill was finally passed.
MUCH TALK OVER
DISTRICT FAIRS
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 15.— With the district
fairs as a subject and the general appro
priation as a cause, the Senate wasted
most of this afternoon in talk. There
were several amendments offered, but the
bill weathered all but one — an amendment
raising the appropriation for the State
Agricultural Socle*/. By the original bill
$30,000 was allowed. Last night, after a
long discussion, this was reduced to $20,
--000, and then by an amendment to-day
was put back to $30,000.
The discussion of the bill was enlivened
by some charges by Boyce that the bill
had been rushed through second reading
with a haste that bespoke an anxiety to
avoid -an open consideration before the
Senate when there was not a full attend
ance. When the bill was considered last
night there were not many Senators pres
ent, but, as Davis said during the after
noon's discussion, if any one of the Sen
ators was absent it was his own fault.
Davis said the bill had been thoroughly
discussed and he denied that there were
any dark lantern proceedings. Then the
discussion became general, and in the
midst of it Doty moved to raise the State
Agricultural Society's appropriation from
$20,000 to $30,000. There were all kinds of
arguments advanced for or against the
amendment, and It was finally . decided
that the amendment should be adopted.
That appropriation having been dis
posed of. Boyce moved to strike out sun
dry lines in the printed bill which removed
the clause declaring forfeited any bene
fits provided by the bill if there was al
lowed upon the district fair grounds any
game of chance. The amendment was
lost. Then Laird wanted to raise four
of. the allowances for as many districts,
but this, too, was lost, as it was consid
ered a bad precedent.
It was during this discussion that Dick
inson was given his first word of praise.
As chairman of the Finance Committee
he was getting very fairly roasted by the
malcontents, and then Sims rose to say
that Dickinson had handled the affairs of
the Finance Committee in a manner that
showed I distinguished ability • and he
thought the Senator.-should.be accorded
praise instead of blame and sarcasm.
Shortridge then submitted an amendment,
lumping the forty-two agricultural dis
tricts named in the bill into sixteen and
making larger appropriations for each.
This, too, was lost after Langford had
warmly supported- it. Then Langford
had an amendment of his own. He
wanted to strike from the bill all appro
priations for district fairs. At the
amounts allowed, he said, it was impos
sible to hold any fair, and the only thing
to do was to strike out the appropria
tions. His amendment was lost. That
ended the consideration of the bill for
the time being and the bill went back to
the printer to have the allowance for the
State Agricultural Society raised.
NO MONEY FOR
INJURED MILITIAMEN
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March There will be no
claims for injuries received while in the
National Guard service allowed this ses
sion, for the Governor has just vetoed the
second one so emphatically that it is not
. probable any more will go to him.
In a message to the Senate this morning
he announced his disapproval of the claim
of William Sullivan for a gunshot wound
received during the strike of 1594. The
message of disapproval is as follows:
Executive Department, State of California,
Sacramento, March 15, I!*_ 3.
To the Senate of the State of California: I
herewith return to your honorable body with
out my approval Senate bill No. 165, with my
objections thereto.
This bill provides for the payment of $1000 to
William M. Sullivan in payment of a claim
against the State, and directs . the Controller
to draw his warrant in favor of said claimant,
and further providing that the act shall take
effect from. and after January 1, 1900.
Upon an examination of the claim, I find that
It is for personal injuries sustained by Mr.
Sullivan from the discharge of a firearm of a
soldier of the National Guard on July 4, 1894.
while Mr. Sullivan was serving as captain of
Company D, Third Infantry. N. G. C, at the
time of "the strike. From the facts before me
It clearly appears that there is no legal claim
against the State for such injuries, and to
appropriate the money named In - this bill would
be to make a gift, which Is In direct contra
vention of section 31 of article 4 of the consti
tution of the State. (See also Brown vs. Hart,
93 Cal. 328.)
While I regret the misfortune of Mr. Sulli
van, my duty compels me to disapprove of this
bill. • HENRY T. GAGE, '.
Governor of the State of California.
This means practically the death of the
other bills of a similar nature now on the
different files awaiting action.
YOUNTVILLE HOME BILL
VETOED BY THE GOVERNOR
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. March 15.— Governor to-day
vetoed Assembly bill; No. 351, by Dibble
of San Francisco. In his message he
says:
"By the amendments In this bill it is
sought to turn over to the Treasurer of
the Veterans' Home at Yountvllle, Napa
County, all money received from the Fed
eral Government, to be controlled by the
manager of said institutions. ;• . .
"This home is now a State institution,
and directly under State control, and all
money for its support should be. directly
handled by the State Treasurer and all
claims should be approved by the Board
of Examiners, and, after approval, war
rants should be drawn in payment there
of by the Controller upon the funds set
apart for the support of the home.
i The veto was sustained by unanimous
vote. * ■ , . _b
A. B. Spreckels at the Capital.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 15.— B. Spreckels,
president of the State Board of Agricul
ture, arrived to-night from San Francisco.
He is here to assist in obtaining just ap
propriations for the State fair to be held
under the auspices of the Agricultural
Society.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
An Excellent Combination.
The pleasant method and beneficial
effects of the well known remedy,
Strup of Figs, manufactured by the
California Fig Syrup Co., illustrate
the value of obtaining- the liquid laxa-
tive principles of plants known to be
medicinally laxative and presenting
them in the form most ref reshing to the
taste and acceptable to the system. It
is the one perfect strengthening laxa-
tive, cleansing- the system effectually,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
gently yet promptly and enabling one
to overcome habitual constipation per-
manently. Its perfect freedom from
every objectionable quality and sub-
stance, and its acting on the kidneys,
liver and bowels, without weakening
or irritating them, make it the ideal
laxative.
In the process of manufacturing figs
are used, as they are pleasant to the
taste, but the medicinal qualities of the
remedy are obtained from senna and
other "aromatic plants, by a method
known to the California Fig Sybup
Co. only. In order to get its beneficial .
effects and to avoid imitations, please
remember the full name of the Company
printed on the front of every package.
CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAI*
LOUISVILLE, KY. NEW YORK. ST. T.
For sale by all Druggists.— Price 50c. per bottl*
_ _ _ :
HELPs/^ .£§* \a NOM-
(mats/ g^ ________________ \ k-awt
J___*«pp'' t*sw_^«^_i^__
WlmmmmLj * I fi mtm m\ \_ m\ X^mmW^Sx
M) earthly excuse for women
TO BE AFFLICTED WITH POOR COM-'
PLEXIONS WITH THIS INCOMPARABLE
LIQUID MALT POOD AT THBIR BBCX MO
CALL ' '- ■ ■&-■ . ' .***
POOR COMPLEXION* CAUSED BY THHT.
STARVED BLOOD AND FAULTY DIQESTIOW.
ARE SWEPT AWAY. BY THB MAOIC TOUCH
OP MALT-VIVINE. •* - -•"**»
> IT PRODUCES RICH. PURE BLOOD, OOOO;
DIGESTION AND IN CONSEQUENCE A CLEAR,
HEALTHY COMPLEXION. \ '
- ALL DRuccim.
Val.Blatz Brewing Co.
MI LWAU KEE.U SA:
Louis Cahen & Son, Wholesale '
M Dealers, 416-418 Sacramento Street,
San Francisco.
H "■ =»
■ ■
:
tFOR
FINE TAILORING
PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
WORKMANSHIP, at %'
25 per cent Less than Other
Tailors Charge, Go tc
JOE POHEIM
All Wool Suits to (NO ,- <£qC
Order from 4>lZ "4)00
Pants from ..; $4 to $1 0
20 1 and 203 Montgomery SL,
1 1 0 and 1112 Market St., S.F.
485 <4th street, Oakland, cal.
Health is Wealth.
3C ~cb £ q Wf
/____m_i___ " <^"GJv * <Jt_ ,__-_tJ ■
DR. E. C. WEST'S
NERVE AND. BRAIN TREATMENT
THE ORIGINAL' ALL OTHERS IMITATIONS.
Is sold nnder positive "Written Guarantee,
by authorized agents only, to cure Weak Memory,
Dizziness. Wakefulness, Fits. Hysteria, Quick-
ness, Night Losses, Evil Dreams, I_ack of Confi-
dence, Nervousness, Lassitude, all Drains, Youth-
ful Errors, or Excessive Use of Tobacco, Opium,
or Liquor, which leads to Misery, Consumption,
Insanity and Death. At store or by mail, $1 a
box; six for $5; -with written j.aarantee»to
core or refund money. Sample pack-
age, containing five days treatment, with full
instructions, 25 cents. One sample only sold to
each person. At store or by maiL _^^^^>
jf"*s§S& Label Special &§&&
«"*wMV Extra Strength. mm?**
*^fsj^r For Impotency, Loss of«jS*-4r Hi
____.tt_r Power, Lost Manhood, sKt Jfifjb
V^%Jyi. Sterility or Barrenness^. flkyyf
v^"?PVRs3I a box; six for 5, "ithja^jswc
fs£i^tityyrritten jcaaranteeSnl^BW
r^mr v"' to cure in 30 days. At 6tore"*TJ , _3£. J
BEFORE ovt-.- ~»-i. AFTER
GEORGE DAHL.BENDER & CO.. Sole Acta..
214 Kearny st., San Franclaco. ■
A purifying an. healing ELI S__E^TTT?g*SBB*J
treatment. K?E^O A . I?. ,T_^B
NASAL CATARRH |^S1
quickly yields to treat- Vs^c&TO Wkl
ment by rHSFTOta (SI J? y^3
Ely's Cream Balm Kr^J»/_J
■which ls recognized as a. §* J^ivyA§al
specific. X remedy for §IL_^/^^ _b9_si
catarrh that 1- drying or \_\___\ _b<*n_fc;3
irritating to the diseased ' H X3y~~<imf*rWm
membrane should not be Ws^y^^i^S^t
Cream Balm Is placed Into nostrils, spreads
over the membrane and is absorbed. Relief -Is
immediate and a cure follows. It Is not drying
— does not produce sneezing. 'Large size, 50c; ,
at druggists or by mall: trial size. 10c, by maiL
ELY BROTHERS. 56 Warren St.. New York. J
MAKE PERFECT MEN
aDO NOT DESPAIR ! Do not Sur-
fer Longer! The Jots and ambitions of
life can be restored to you. The very
worst cases of Xervoun Debility ar*
absolutely cured by PEKFECTO
TABLET.. Give prompt relief to in-
somnia, failing memory and the wast*
and drain ot vital powers, incurred by
Indiscretions or excesses of early years.
Impart vigor and potency to every func-
tion. Brace tip the system. Give >A, bloom to th*
cheek* and lustre to the eyes of Lrfa\ young or old.
One 50c box renews vital energy. fgj_t J C boxes at
»_. 50 a complete guaranteed cure \_JjWr or money re-
funded. Can be carried in vest **•* pocket. Sold
everywhere.or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of
Vice by TUB PBRFECrO CO., Caxton 81-_., Chic-go, Ilk
Bold by Owl Drug Co.. 8. F. sad Oakland.
DR. MOTLTY. _
rrHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
J. Specialistcur.- Private. Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases o* Men only. , Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over -o y'rV experience.
Patients curedat Hon*. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
t03dany,6.30t08:30 ev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddreaa
P. ROSCOE MrMI-TY, M.D.
26% Kearny St., San Franciveo* C«l>
34
HUMANE SOCIETY
GIVES HOT ROAST
TO GOVERNOR GAGE
Executive Veto Denounced as Cruel and
Lacking in Dignity.
MORE IN SORROW THAN IN ANGER
■
They Say They Are Mortified by the Ignorance of Law of .the
Man Who Was Elected to See That the Statutes
Should Be Faithfully Obeyed.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, March 15.— following open
letter to the members of the Legislature
is from the Sacramento County Hu
mane Society and is self-explanatory:
The petition of the Sacramento Coun
ty Humane Society to the Honorable
the Assembly of the Legislature of Cal
ifornia and the Senate of the State
represents that the right of petition be
ing given to us as citizens in a duly
incorporated association under the laws
of the State, we beg to be heard by
your honorable bodies in petition
against the veto of Assembly bill No.
5 by the Governor, as sent to the As
sembly on the 9th inst., and we pray by
our petition that said bill may pass,
notwithstanding the objections of the
Governor, for these reasons:
To sustain said veto will be to con
demn all humane societies, and let the
people think that the statements of the
Governor are correct, which they are
not.
Our badge officers are not "newly cre
ated knights of the pistol and trunch
eon." They are commissioned .by the
Superior Courts only. They have been
such officers since 1874, and the bill
does not create them, or any improper
power for them. The Governor, it ap
pears, is unfamiliar with the old laws
of the State..
As to killing old, diseased, sick and
abandoned animals, the charge against
us is untrue and cruel. Such power is
in the law of 1874. We asked some
changes that experience calls for. One
is about the location of the suffering
animal; another requires all peace
officers, as well as our officers, to act
and take up and care for such aban
doned suffering animals, and if no own
er can be found, then to kill the ani
mal. But it is also required that the
officer shall care for the animals, and
if they are not in the owner's hands to
feed them, and treat them, and for the
cost a lien is given. * ''■'_■-,
We represent that there is not a word
In the bill giving power to use "force
and arms" against any one who "re
monstrates;" or telling our officers to
do anything that a good citizen should
not do if he witnesses cruelty to an
animal — is, he should interfere to
prevent It if he can, and call on by
standers to help him.
We present that the sarcastic words
of the Governor about section 21 are
cruel and beneath the dignity of his
office. That section we have found to
be a necessity after long experience. It
requires owners of certain animals to
kill them to stop cruelty, but no man
can be guilty under it until convicted
in a court, so no injury can happen to
anybody for keeping a worn out brood
ing or racing horse, because the section
says that it shall not apply to any one
who keeps an animal with proper care.
If he does not, and turns the animal out
to die uncared for he ought to be con
victed. We represent that if some words
of section 22 seem to be ridiculous,
they can do no harm, and no court
would require part of a horse to be sold.
TEACHERS' ANNUITY
BILL GETS ON WELL
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. March 15.— teachers' an
nuity bill has passed the Senate and by
to-morrow night will be In the hands of
the Governor. Yesterday the bill was
taken up on the Assembly file and ; was
read a second time. This afternoon it
was taken up out of order for third read
ing and it passed without opposition.
The bill makes two important changes
in the annuity law now in force in this
State. By some oversight high school
teachers teaching outside of San Fran
cisco were not included among those en
titled to the benefits of the law, and one
of the purposes of the bill just
finally passed is to include every
teacher in the State who wishes
to become a member of the as
sociation. A second change was one equal
izing the amount of the annuity.' In San
Francisco teachers on the retired list
have heretofore been allowed $50 a month
and those outside of San Francisco $30 a
month. The new bill reduces the $50 in
San Francisco to $30. making the amount
the same all over the State. This was
done from motives of justice and econ
omy.
The terms of the annuity law provide
that $1 a month shall be deducted from
the salary of every teacher who wishes
to take advantage of the law and the
fund so formed is used for the payment
of the annuities.
This bill, and others relating to the
school departments, have been under the
care of Colonel Murphy and E. S. Kings
bury, teachers in ,the San Francisco
schools, and the two men selected by the
teachers of San Francisco to see that In
the mass of educational legislation which
has gone through and is pending there
was nothing that would work an injury
to the schools of the State. With the
passage of the annuity bill their labors
are nearly over, but for rive weeks both
gentlemen have been almost constantly
on the ground, and as a result there has
so far been no "bugs" passed in the edu
cational bills.
.Time Given for Argument.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 15.— Before vetoing the
Veterans' Home bill, which provided for
the. payment of the Government • allow
ance directly to the treasurer of the
home, Governor Gage gave the subject
thorough investigation. He 'found - that
the Federal statute required the money to
be paid to the State. ,__,*,_.
The Governor has determined . that a
full hearing shall be offered in -reference
to the Santa Fe bill. AS the. Merchants'
and Traffic associations presented objec
tions to the measure it was decided that
their representatives should have oppor
tunity Friday at 9:30 a. m. to submit ar
gument. As a measure of fair play it was
also decided that the friends of the bill
should then be heard.
Newspaper Claims in Assembly.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. March 15.— Thirty-eight of those
abbreviated newspaper '; claims , for pub
lishing constitutional amendments were
passed In the Assembly, tbis afternoon.
I But we represent that such "property"
some times consists of several animals,
part of which may be sold to pay cost
of keeping all; and sometimes we take
up animals with other property at
tached, and no owner appears, and
sometimes a part interest in an ani
mal may be sold to pay the cost of its
rescue from cruelty.
We protest to your honorable bodies
against the charge of the Governor that
we want to put a burden of $102,000 on
the people, and that we reap the benefit
of fines imposed and put the cost of
trials on the State without putting up
a dollar.
We represent that the societies have
put up ten times more of their own
money than they have received as fines,
and many cases cost the societies more
than the fines levied; that the societies
work for the benefit of the people, and
not for themselves; we protest that the
bill does not authorize us to start out
"on a pilgrimage of human slaughter,"
and that such an attack by the Gov
ernor is cruel, undignified, and loses
him the respect his office should have.
We protest that in the veto message
the Governor treats of the law as it ex
ists more than of Assembly bill No. 5,
thus exposing unfamlliarity with the
law and the bill, for, as we have said,
they were created such by law before i
the Governor became a citizen of the |
State, as he should have known, and
that the same law exists in most States i
of this country.
By this petition we represent that it
is untrue that our societies do not work
! for "the benefit of the State," but for |
their own gain; that such charge is j
| cruel and untrue; that we have for j
I years and years put up our money to ;
! enforce the State's laws and have made ,
I no gain for ourselves, and have given !
| our time as well as our money freely !
to prevent cruelty, rather than make
arrests, that our children and those of
our neighbors may not be witnesses of I
inhumanity, but be brought up to re- j
spect the rights of animals, because we j
1 know that those who are cruel to their i
i domestic animals will be cruel to their j
, fellow men. \^Sk%
We represent to your honorable bod- j
i ies that we have not, as the Governor
'. says, sought to put a burden of $102,
--j 000 on the people. Our bill asks for per
' mission for the people, if they are will
; ing, to help us meet the costs of our i
work. It does not cflmpel them to do so. I
We represent,. in petitioning you to
; pass the bill over the veto, that we are
| more mortified than angry over the ex
, posure made by the veto message of
! lack of knowledge of the law as it is
. and has been so many years, and over
the charge against our motives and
purposes, as being selfish and un
j worthy, whereas they are disinterested
! and unselfish, and we represent that we
I would be less than men if we did not
i resent for the bodies to whom such
| charges have been made, the attacks
made upon us so cruelly and unjusti-
I fiably.
By the Sacramento County. Humane
Society.
G. H. SMITH, President,
DANIEL HEALY,
H. F. MILLER,
DANIEL FLINT,
ISADOR SCHAD, Treasurer.
Sacramento, March 13, 1899.
i It was the heaviest day's work yet ac
j complished, and if It keeps up there will
j he some chance that some of the Impor
! tant measures on the files will be dispos
:ed of before adjournment sine die Is
| taken. Newspaper claims, however, did
i not take up all of the day. Senate bill
No. 86, appropriating $20,000 for the erec-
I tion of a new building at the Ukiah asy
! lum, was passed, and so was Senator
! Dickinson's measure relative .to the In
! spection of dairies and dairy products and
) the prevention of sale of milk drawn from
infected animals.
BIG EXPOSITION
TO BE FAVORED
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 15.— A delegation of the
supporters of the big exposition to be held
in San Francisco in 1901 came up from the
city this evening. The bills are those
making an appropriation of $500,000 of
State money and allowing the various
j counties to set aside money for exhibits.
i The two bills passed by the Assembly
j have been ordered on the Senate file; and
! they will be brought up to-morrow If pos
: sible* When the bills first came up in
j the Senate there was some opposition, but
since then the promoters of the exposi
tion have secured promises enough from
the Senators to warrant a prediction of
complete success.
Those who came up to-night were:
Charles L. Patton, Supervisor John Laek
mann, ex-Supervisor Thomas Morton, Jo
seph A. Stulz, president of the Grocers'
I Association; T. Tracey, Henry J. Crocker,
; J. A. Filcher. Charles A. I.uhrs, John M.
I Curtis, H. Welnstock, C. M. Levy and Cal
1 Glesting. To-morrow morning another
| delegation will be up. which will include
! Mayor Phelan, J. B. Reinstein, R. P.
i Doolan. General R. 11. Warfield, P.- H.
McCarthy, Hugh Craig. B. H. Friedland
er, J. C. Kirkpatrick, Congressman Ju
lius Kahn and others. -;_..-
ELKES WANTS BEVENGE.
BOSTON, March Harry Elkes, the
middle-distance rider, has Issued a chal
lenge to Floyd McFarland of San Jose,
Cal., to a series of paced races, each for
$1000 a side, one or all of these races to
be with unlimited pace, on any date after
June 1. 1899. If McFarland offers the ex
cuse that he cannot obtain pace Elkes will
make a series of unpaced races.
ALL AMERICANS BARRED.
VANCOUVER, B. C, March 15.-There
promises to be some lively times on the
Upper Yukon River this year when navi
gation is resumed.' Many of the boats
have been manned by Americans, but in
the future they will have to have British
skippers and British engineers, so says
Inspector Russell. He Intends "to see that
the law Is carried out or the boats will be
tied up. '
Revolt on the Celebes Coast.
LONDON, March 16.— Brussels cor
respondent of the Daily Mall says: A
dispatch from Batavia, Netherlands In
dies, reports that a revolt. has broken-out
at Zoomalala, on the Celebes . coast, and
that the Dutch Administrator there has
been murdered. _rj
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAKCH 16. 1899.
BANKS' AFFAIRS
IN GOOD SHAPE
Barrett's Investigation
at Paso Robles.
DEPOSITORS WILL NOT LOSE
SUSPENDED CONCERNS ABLE TO
PAY . ALL.
The Commissioner. Regards the Re
. cent Hurry as a "Financial
Tempest in a
Teapot,"
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PASO ROBLES, March 15.— Bank
Commissioner Barrett concluded his
labors in this county to-day and will
leave here in the morning for San Fran
cisco. The affairs of the Bank of Tem
pleton and of the Citizens' Bank of
Paso Robles were Investigated. Both
were found In excellent condition, . so
far as the interests of their depositors
are concerned. No attempt was made
to examine the Bank of Paso Robles,
as this institution is a private concern,
over which the Bank Commission has
no jurisdiction.
As the result of its suspension the
Bank of Templeton will retire from
business after it has paid all of its de
positors in full, which its stockholders !
are In a position and ready to do. Its I
condition at this time as found by j
Commissioner Barrett is as follows:
ASSETS.
Real estate $16,006 00
Bills receivable 14,884 65
Overdrafts 2,831
Cash "65 74
Due from banks 2,162 59
Total $36,650 42 I
LIABILITIES.
Capital '. .$13,849 37
Due depositors 17.801 05 i
Due banks 5.000 00 j
Total '..$36,650 42 j
Two depositors are creditors to the
extent of more than half of the deposits
and they are not inclined to press their
demands. The bank has a capital stock
of $25,000, divided into 250 parts of $100 j
each. The stock is held as follows:
SHARES.
' A. P. S.eman 38 J. H. Glass 10 j
I A. F. Horstman 60 Hattie' M. Horstman 10
j John Quarnstrom.... 43 ' Paulina Wessel 25
i H. Wessel 4; Ella Wessel 25
J. N. Jacobson 80|C. W. Horstman 5
ij. N. Jacobson 80; C. W. Horstman 5
A. P. Seeman, the cashier of the bank,
was appointed the agent of the Bank
I Commission to take charge of its affairs
\ temporarily..
The affairs of the Citizens' Bank of
| this city were found in such a favorable
i condition that it will be allowed to re
' sume business under certain conditions.
• Two propositions to this effect .are un-
I der consideration by the directors. It |
i will either reduce .its capital to $30,000; ,
| and secure additional cash to tide it i >
j over the present season or its impaired \
j capital will be made good. Its condi- !
tion, as ascertained by Commissioner j
Barrett to-day, is as follows:
ASSETS.
Real e5tate......:.;"......*......... $21,268 88 I
Stocks and warrants.. . 6,208 25 ]
I Bills receivable 64.532 69 ,
! Overdrafts — .' 5,626 17
| Cash • "4192
I Due from banks 1,150 45
'Furniture 1,000 00
Total $120,518 36
LIABILITIES.
i Capital .'. $37,939 00
I Due depositors 43,676 70
i Due banks 38,902 66
Total ; $120,518 36
Its capital stock is $61,800,' divided into
618 shares of $100 each, and is held as
follows: ■-
SHARER.
Commercial Bank of |C. A. Telleen 10
San Luis Obispo... 32 Md). R. Venable.... 10
L. Bromer H. Wessel 16
H. Brunner 5 Belle Breck.. 11
W. C. Bennett 10 Mrs. J. B. Moran 10
Martha B. Carter... 5 J. E. Blasge 10
Joseph Edgar 10 Susan Baur 35
William Ernst 5 O. M. Colburn 5
Mattle J. Glass 14 George M. Mean 10
J. H. Glass 35 1 Sidney H. Smith.... 6
Louisa Herman 5' Mattle J. Glass
A. F. Horstman 10 (trust) 1
C. D. P. Jones 40 1 Mrs. C. P. Fowler... 2
D. S. Lewis 5 William Mac Donald. 5 I
L. McDonald 10 John Baur 15 i
O. O'Neil 10 A. P. Flster <.... 5
D. Paulus -.. 10 M. Seeman '6
Thomas Peterson.... 10 Germania Trust Co. 86 i
John Quarnstrom.... 6 E. F. Young 10 j
W. B. Reyney 5! Hugh A. Moran 8 j
<; W. Ramage 10 1 Robert B. Moran — 8;
Kate W. Sklles 15 Nathan M. Moran... 8 I
Alexander •Tate 40 i Nellie J. Smith 15
Annie E. Tate 31
Of the amount due banks all but
about $8000 is owing to San Francisco
institutions. The book assets of the
institution were cut or "written off" by
Commissioner Barrett to the amount of
$31,800. R. W. Martinoff, an attache of
the bank, was placed in charge as the
representative of the commission.
President H. Eppinger and Cashier F.
D. Frost of the Bank of Paso Robles
are now in San Francisco, where they I
hope to secure Sufficient financial as- j
sistance to tide over their present diffi- j
culties. A. Jackson, the assistant cash- j
ier, said to-day he was confident the |
bank would reopen Its doors on Mon
day a"nd be prepared to pay every de
positor' in full and to meet every other
demand against it. Commissioner Bar-
rett is inclined to look upon the bank
suspensions in this county as a species
of "financial tempest in a teapot,"
caused primarily by unusual, unex
pected and uncontrollable natural
causes, and secondly to the existence of
too many small batiks. He added: .
"The practice of commercial banks
paying five and six per cent interest on
certificates of deposit is . unsafe and
cannot under the condition of affairs
exist without Jeopardizing the inter
ests of the banks. This is one of the
evils that the commission is constantly
coming In contact with, and it has met
with the most decided disapproval as
being unsafe. The advice is given in
all cases that this practice be discon
tinued as soon as possible."
BACK AGAIN COMES
"COLONEL" FINIGAN
The Assignee of His Creditors Makes
Complaint of a Berkeley
Transfer.
SAN RAFAEL, March 15.— Attorney M.
F. Cochrane, has filed a suit in the Su
perior Court of Marin County that will
again bring the "Hotel Rafael pauper,"
Peter A. Flnlgan, prominently before
the public. This time the son and daugh
ters and the divorced wife all figure in
the same case. "y:f/y
Cochrane, as assignee of the estate of
Peter A. Flnlgan, desires to have a trans
fer of property, valued at $100,000, made to
the daughters a few weeks before In
solvency ' proceedings were begun, set
aside. On March 1, 1899, the Superior
Court gave judgment to Mrs. Flnlgan for
alimony and counsel fees, amounting to
several thousand dollars. She got :■ an exe
cution and sold his interest in property
at Berkeley. The complaint alleges that
fraud entered Into the proceeding and that
it was done to take advantage of the
creditors. Attorney Cochrane says' that in
a few days a separate complaint will be
filed against Mrs. Fiaigan herself. ,
WHEATON DRIVES
THE FILIPINOS
FROM PASIG RIVER
Inflicts a Heavy Loss on the
Insurgents and Takes Many
Prisoners.
MANILA, March 15.— Insurgents es
caping from Pasig to-day attempted to
cross our lines between San Juan del
Monte and San talon. A few volleys
from the American troops drove them
back. yf-f;
General Lloyd Wheaton, command
ing the United States flying column,
attacked and defeated a force of 2000
Filipinos at Pasig this afternoon, in
flicting a heavy loss upon them. The
American loss was slight. The Ameri
cans captured 350 Filipinos. Many
bodies of rebels killed in the engage
ment are floating down the river.
Private Fornoff, Company L, Twen
tieth Regiment, was killed. ■•■.•
The wounded are: Private Newman.
Company F, Twentieth Regiment: Pri
vate Carroll, Company A, Twenty-sec
ond Regiment; Private Marshall, Com
pany B, Twenty-second Regiment; Pri
vate Coombs, Company C, Twenty-sec
ond Regiment; Private Rogers. Com
pany L, Twenty-second Regimen:.
About 350 Filipinos surrendered at the
town of Taguig to the Washington
Regiment, and 175 Filipinos were cap
tured at Pasig by the Twentieth Regi
ment. • Our troops found 106 dead Fili
pinos and 100 new graves near Pasig.
The prisoners taken were unarmed
and therefore lt Is presumed they exe
cuted their threat of throwing their
arms into the river.
A body of insurgents last night
opened fire on General Mac Arthur's
division along the line from Caloocan
to La Loma. Our troops allowed them
to waste their ammunition, scarcely re
plying.
WASHINGTON. March 15.— The fol
lowing dispatch from General Otis has
been received:
MANILA, March 15.— Adjutant General,
Washington: Three thousand insurgents
moved down last night in the towns of
Pasig and Pateros, on the shoreof Laguna i
de Bal, fronting Wheaton's troops on the ;
Pasig River line. By heavy fighting
Wheaton has dislodged and driven them
back, taking 400 prisoners and inflicting
a heavy loss In killed and wounded. He ]
reports his loss as very moderate. He
now occupies these towns with sufficient |
force to hold them. OTIS.
CASUALTIES AMONG
THE AMERICAN TROOPS
WASHINGTON, March 15— General
Otis has cabled the following list of
casualties suffered by the United States
troops-:
MANILA, March 15. Adjutant-General,
' Washington: Casualties. March 13, near
| Calcoocan— Killed: Twentieth Kansas,
! Company L. Private James W. Kline.
Near Guadalupe Twenty-sec-
I ond Infantry, Company B, Privates
George Stewart; Company X, Winn P.
Munson; Company D, Wesley G. Hen
nessy.
Wounded — Twenty-second Infantry,
Company M, Privates William Renns
hart, leg, moderate; D, Willett Herman,
scalp, slight; William S. O'Brien, head,
severe; Joseph Mubahille, scalp, slight;
WRECKED DINGO
A SALVAGE PRIZE
Picked Up by the Steam
ship Tees.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, March 15.— The steamer
Dirigo, which ran upon * the rocks on
Midway Island last Thursday, has af
ter all escaped becoming a wreck. The
steamer Tees, of this port, which ar
rived at 9:30 this evening, picked her
up on Saturday afternoon last, an hour
after she was floated, and, putting
hawsers. aboard, claimed her as a sal
vage prize. The officers on board en
deavored to make an arrangement to
get the Tees to tow her to Juneau, but
the Victoria steamer was, of course,
unable to make such an arrangement,
according to law. She is not permitted
to tow in American waters, being a
British bottom.
The position of the Dirigo, when
picked up by the Teees, was an ex
tremely dangerous one, and had the
slightest squall or disturbance of the
then placid sea arose she would with
out doubt again have been wrecked
on the reef from which she had just
escaped.
A blinding snowstorm prevailed from
long before the wreck occurred until
within an hour before she was floated,
and in'the storm two American steam
\ ers passed the wreck without seeing
her or the signals of distress she was
displaying. :■-': {
The Tees came along during a break
in the storm, and had hardly got her
lines aboard and begun to tow, when
the snow began to fall thickly again,
rendering the navigation of the reef
studded waters 'of that vicinity most
dangerous, especially for an iron ves
sel like the • Tees, hampered as she
was by her consort.
The Dirigo, when taken by the Tees,
was lying about a ship's length from
the reef, where she was wrecked, and
was anchored with her hawsers run
ning across it. She was helpless, as
her engines were lifted out of place dur
ing the accident and were utterly use
less. Had she lifted her anchor, ac
cording to the officers of the Tees, she
would have become a wreck again in
an instant by drifting on other reefs
near by. Her hull was torn badly by
her. contact with the reef, but by dint
of hard work her officers and crew
managed to patch the hull with canvass
and boarding so that she could make
the voyage to Juneau, thirty-six miles
away, in safety. She is now. lying at
the Alaskan port and when patched
sufficiently will be towed down. Orders
were received by the Tees and tele
graphed this evening to Seattle, asking
that a tug be sent up for her. This lit
-1 tle service by the Tees will no doubt
result in a handsome reward in the
way of salvage; as the Dirigo and her
cargo are valuable. y vy
Officials of the Canadian Pacific Nav
igation Company will go to Seattle to
morrow to institute salvage proceed
ings against the Dirigo.
Pilot Nichols, who was on the bridge
at the time 01 the wreck, is, like Cap
tain Roberts,- a sick man. When the
Tees reached the wreck he was con
fined to his bed with a severe attack of
pneumonia. ..
; It :is believed here among insurance
men .that the. Dirigo wreck will • have .
the effect of sending up Insurance rates
on vessels plying to Alaska.
1 .Company M, Theodore A. Misner, finger,
i severe; Dan Carroll, forearm, slight;
Company E. John Hoffman, thigh, se
vere; Company I, John Blasek, chest,, se
vere; David Mulholland, arm, moderate.
Twentieth Infantry, Company X, Cor
poral Chris H. Thompson, side, severe;
Company B. Private Charles Simon, back,
moderate: Company X, Thomas Miller,
hand, severe; Company D. Frank Nash.
knee, severe; Company M, Richard I*.
i Piper, thigh, slight: Company G, Lester
M. Folger, neck, slight; Company H,
Charles Sharkey, thigh, slight-, Charles
Davis, neck, severe. Second Oregon,
Company B, Private Walter Irwen, foot,
moderate, accidental irijury. Twenty
second Infantry, "Company B, Corporal
Charles J. Ulsey, contusion side. Twen
tieth Infantry, Company E, Private Wil
liam Sampson, sprained ankle; Company
M, Adolph G. Woepper, sprained ankle;
Company B, Peter J. Thelan, hand, mod
erate; Company F, Cornoral John E.
I Hoffman, sprained ankle. •
• March 14, -near Guadalupe— Killed: First
Washington, Company E, Private Ralph
Van Busklrk. Wounded: Second Oregon,
i Company. D, Privates Alford O. Garden,
I chest, severe; Company F, W. O. B. Dod-
I son, ankle, slight; Company E, Charles J.
Olson, foot, severe. '- OTIS.
NO MOVE FOR DIRECT
NEGOTIATIONS BY SPAIN
LONDON, March 15.— A special dis
patch from Madrid says Premier Sil
vela, in an Interview just published
there, spok« in favor of the interven
tion of France for the purpose of ob
taining permission from the United
States for Spain to resume direct nego
tiations for the release of. the Spanish
prisoners held by the Philippine rebels.
WASHINGTON, March 15.— At the
French Embassy it was said that no
move has been made to induce the
United States to permit direct negoti
ations by Spain with the Philippine
rebels for the release of the Spanish
prisoners. It is pointed out that the
term "intervention of France" is er
roneous, as there could be no interven
tion under any circumstances. All th«
Embassy will do is to act as the chan
nel for communicating Spain's request
that she be allowed to treat with the
rebels. _Mggi
CASTELLANOS INSULTS
SPANISH OFFICERS
MADRID, March 15.— An extraordi
nary speech made by General Castel
lanos, the Spanish Governor General of
Cuba, who was recently appointed Cap
tain General of Madrid, to the soldiers
during an inspection which he made of
the barracks yesterday, has caused In
tense anger in military circles. The
Captain General said:
"There is only one thing good in the
army, and it is the soldier himself. As
to the officers, if they are derelict in
their duty, I am accustomed to send
them to the galleys.'.*
i The officers have demanded that the
Minister of War take action in the mat
ter. '.' -:,\'V
TRADE COMBINE
OF CYCLE MAKERS
Fifty Millions Capital
Involved.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 15.— The Herald
to-morrow will say: Makers of bicycles
have arranged the details of the for
mation of a trade combine that will
involve capital to the amount of $50,
--000,000. It is understood that ten of the
leading makers of wheels have entered
the combine and that several others
will probably be persuaded to add their
signatures to the agreement.
A. G. Spalding is credited with being
the moving spirit in the proposed com
bine. With him are associated A. A.
Pope and R. Philip Gormully of the
Gormully & Jeffrey Manufacturing
Company of Chicago. Attempts to form
a bicycle combine have been made in
the past, but all have been futile,, pri
marily because the small manufactur
ers could not be eliminated.
With the coming of the chainless bi
cycle, however, the situation was al
tered. While the transmission of power
by means of shaft and gearing is not a
novelty, the adoption of It to the use
of the bicycle, involving the construc
tion of complicated machinery neces
sary to turn out the gears, is said to
have cost one company five years of
labor and an expenditure of more than
$300,000. A company was formed in
New Jersey and Lyons to manufacture
bevel gear -bicycles, but under its pat
ents privileges were granted to some of
the largest concerns in the trade. It is
upon the foundation afforded by these
licensed concerns that the new organi
zation is to be founded. All the com
panies licensed. have agreed not to cut
prices under penalty of forfeiture of
license and the payment of a cash pen
alty said to be $5,000,000.
When this had been arranged A. G.
Spalding set sail for Europe. At the
time it was said he went for his health
In the course of Mr. Spalding's search
for health abroad, it is said, he obtained
in France the control of the Acetacyne
patents, which are considered to be the
foundation of the beveled gear wheel
the French having used this form of
power transmission several years be
fore it was tried elsewhere.' In England
the cross roll or geared patents were
obtained. No change in the bicycle
business for the present year is con
templated, but next year each manu
facturer's products will be marketed,
the middlemen's profits being eliminat
ed. That all this had been carefully
planned is shown by the recent organi
zation of a $5,000,000 bicycle saddle com
pany by A. L. Garford. former presi
dent of the National Cycle Board of
Trade. ' : -y
Buried by the Elks.
WOODLAND, March 15.— body of
the late Harry Smith has arrived from
Raton, New Mexico. The funeral will
take place to-morrow under the auspices
of the Elks. :;•;
1,000,000 Sailors From One Ship.
The United States receiving ship Vermont,
now over fifty years old, has • been the school
house for over 1,000,000 sailors in our navy.
The age and the accomplishments of the Ver-
mont are much the same as Hostetter's Stom-
ach Bitters, which has been before the public
for fifty years : and has cured Innumerable
cases of malaria- fever and ague, besides dys-
pepsia, constipation. indigestion, blood disor-
ders aad kidney affection*-
SUING TO OUST
PRESIDENT REA
Union Bank Depositors
Bring: Action.
THREE DIRECTORS OPPOSED
COUBT ASKED TO ANNUL THE
APPOINTMENTS.
Complaint Sets Forth That the New-
Officials Are Indebted
to the Defunct
Concern.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, March 15.— A petition was
filed in Judge Lorigan's - -..rt this
afternoon to oust James W. Rea, Dr.
William Simpson and George T. Dun
lap from the directorate of the Union
Savings Bank. The action is taken in
the name of Alexander Filipello, D. C.
Tabacco, J. S. Wallace, G. V. Gabliardo,
S..S. Parker and F. Garboil, depositors,
and Francis Pope, a stockholder.
Archer & Pope are the attorneys.
It is set forth that James W. Rea
is Indebted to the bank in tl i sum of
$5000 on two promissory notes, Dunlop
$900 on two notes and Simpson has two
notes aggregating $2250 against him.
The law provides directors shall not
borrow from the funds of a savings
bank and it is claimed persons in
debted to such bank cannot legally be
elected directors. Th- petitioners ask
that the appointment of Directors Rea,
Simpson and Dunlop be declared null
and void and that three competent per
sons be appointed as. directors in their
stead. Judge Lorigan set the hearing
of the petition for March 24.
The depositors now begin to realize
.there will be much delay in settling
the bank's affairs. • The action taken
by C. P. Breslan in the United States
Court to enjoin the directors appointed
by Judge Lorigan means lots of time
consumed. Breslan said to-day if the
court granted his writ he would call
a meeting of stockholders at once and
elect a new board of directors.
"I only wish to see a reputable board
of directors appointed that will have
the confidence of the people. If I had
the naming of a board it would be
Amasa Eaton (president), Cyrus Jones
(vice president), J. J. Miller, J. Leiter,
G. W. Fowler, F. A. Hunter and W. H.
Wright."
He denied that he represented the
Union Trust Company. The decision
of the United States Court in the Bres
lan case will be watched with interest. -
Breslan was elected director after the
bank failure. He refused to resign
when the rest of the board resigned.
The fact that he still remained a direc
tor was ignored by Judge Lorigan and
a full board appointed.
Convention of Sunday Schools.
EUREKA, March 15.— The convention of
Sunday-Schools and Young People's So
cieties of Humboldt County commenced
the flrst of Its three days' session in this
city to-day with Rev. John A. B. Wilson
at San Francisco as conductor. Dele
gates from all over the county are in at
tendance. A number of interesting, papers
were read at to-day's session. ■ :- ;:
EVERY WHOLESALE DRUG HOUSE ON
THE PACIFIC COAST HAS HUDYAN.
EVERY RETAIL DRUGGIST CAN GET HIJDYAN-50 CENTS.
CURED^V
E. TROXEL^^
'ff. Congress Mine, Ariz. Ty- with more or less severity for a long time, ®
V DEAR DOCTORS: I feel so grateful for and then others came on. I continued to +■
"*" the great benefit that I have derived from grow weaker and felt that I would soon be (S)
® the use of Hudyan that I decided to write | compelled to give up my work. About this X
and tell you about It. I was never able to i time I commenced to use Hudyan, and in /J\
©learn exactly what my trouble was, but I consequence I have been able to work stead- V
_^ was perfectly conscious of the symptoms', i iiy ever since, for I began to regain my !3T
+ for I must say that I suffered severely, both strength almost as soon as I commenced ®
(5) mentally and physically. I 'was all run !to use Hudyan. By degrees my nervous T_
X down; could do but little work on account symptoms left me, and I am now perfectly ®
*$\ of the fact that the slightest exertion tired cured and better able to work than -I ever 4-
X me; could not sleep well at nights.- and al- was. I shall be pleased to recommend Hud- (?_
A ways awoke in the morning feeling very* yan to any person who may be In need of V
¥ tired I had palpitation of the heart often, treatment, for I feel that it is my duty, "♦"
T especially when lying in bed at night. I owing to the fact that I was completely ®
"x could do no work where I was compelled to | cured by its use. Very respectfully yours, +
<SJ stoop; if I did my back felt as though it • LUTHER E. TROXEL ®
r+ would break. : These symptoms continued • X
+ U^ DYAN cures diseases of the Blood and Nerves. HUDYAN cures ®
® It Nervousness, Weakness, Exhausted Nervous Vitality, Rheumatism, ®
® Sciatica, Locomotor Ataxia, Paralysis, Sleeplessness, Headache, @
J Despondency, Mental Depression, Hysteria, Neuralgia, Pain in Side ♦
♦ and Back, Epileptic Fits, Palpitation of the Heart, Nervous Dyspepsia, +
1' Indigestion, Mental Worry, Early Decay, Constipation, all Female |
f Weaknesses, Pale and Sallow Complexions. All druggists, 50 cents ?
i per package, six packages for $2.50; sent to any address on receipt ?
x of price. x
| HUDYAN REMEDY CO., I
I COR. STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS STS., I
m SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. " ; +
|. - •'• - — — — ®
$ If Yon Wish Medical Advice Consult the Hndyan Doctors Free. ®
® +® ♦®+ ® + ®*_>+®+®+®+®+®+®*_>f®+® +®+®*<2>*®-f®+®4-Q-fa+®+tf
CONSIDER BIDS
FOR THE FIGHT
Brady and Julian Meet
in New York.
THE SAN FRANCISCO OFFER
LARGEST PURSE GUARANTEED
THE PUGILISTS.
Disagreement Over Picture Privilege*
Causes a Postponement
.of the Final De
cision.
Special Dispatch to The Call
NEW YORK, March William A
! Brady, representing Jim Jeffries, and
Martin Julian, manager of Bob Fitz
| simmons, met to-day to consider the
bids made for the proposed fight be
tween these pugilists. As soon as
Brady and Julian read the $30,000 bid
of a San Francisco syndicate, through
|H. P. Taylor, it was taken up. Julian
I said that if 'any person connected with
{ the National Sporting Club of San
Francisco were connected with the new
i syndicate he would not accept any pro
posal from that body. In fact, he said,
he would rather have the bout take
place in the East, as their experience
in California in the fighting line was
not agreeable either to himself or Fitz
simmons.
Brady then asked Mr. Taylor what
he was prepared to concede for picture
privileges and the Western representa
tive replied that the purse was large
enough to cover all that. Brady ob
jected and so did Julian. Both claimed
that the picture privilege would prove
to be a large factor in the matter and
1 that no club offer will be considered
i until the participants in the bout should
I receive a percentage of the profits aris
ing from the reproduction of pictures
jof the flght. Brady. said:
"I'll give a sum equal to 75 per cent
of the net receipts of the flght for the
. privilege of taking and producing these
pictures."
Mr. Taylor then .asked for time to
communicate with the San Francisco
{ people whom he represents so that he
could find out what terms he could
offer. . - .
W. B. Gray, representing the West
chester Club, offered a purse of $21,000,
but would not concede any privileges to
the fighters, claiming that the purse
was in itself sufficient. His offer was
tabled quickly.
Then came the Coney Island Club's
representative, John P. Dunn. He said
the club was willing to put up a purse
of $20,000 and also, so far as he knew,
to divide the proceeds of the picture
privileges equally between the two con
testants and the club. He also re
quested twenty-four hours to enable
him to communicate with the manage
ment of his club. It was finally agreed
to give all . parties twenty-four hours
to make final offers.
There will be another meeting at 2
o'clock to-morrow afternoon, when it is
thought a final settlement will be ar
ranged. -_ - : .
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SLITS! ITTDIPTIMr DOMESTIC
LADIES' CHEVIOT CLOTH TAILOR-MADE SUITS, color, brcwr.. blue, preen and gray. &______[ 1 Ml A' H $&&& 1 i 1 4" Of S& H » __T^ g--_*^ / _ &_^ i /^ H |~~*' l^_J H T
also b.aos. fly front jackets, lined with silk serpe. skirts well lined and faced, Jackets ___**_% X 188 M-^__ »>_J» g ___ _f IP-«oa H y * J, W~ / % ■%_ S l«?Mi^.*^a H A
and skirts all tailored seams; good value for $10; will be offered at S6 90 each. SB B| g |_| Isl _- ™ ____ \jjgg7 ™ ■ ™ K_B _B_-_4^ ,■_ __> H Jl JBL ifi. \___ X A» 41 1 -» »
LADIES' TAILOR -. SUITS of black and navy r-rrp^. fly front Jackets. ( lined with Blt_ mk ,^"-' _k _&F_i _M 9A 11 __f^»i Ifl At "4- Cents.
S.ik sorp*». >kirt* lined with percaline * 1 " bound with worth $15; will be placed mg|»SII H ft " !_ O bJotBI _k _ B 3 CASES BLEACHED COTTON CRASH TOWELING, 16"-. inches wide, a heavy twill and
■t. r^lc at $10 each. g;, », f?. _^| Bl jl ' fig ,J «fIL ■ 3 CASES BLEACHED COTTON CRASH TOWELING, l«v_ inches wide, a heavy twill and
_S___§Wl wBH r^j _Ky l-y: *vlHi >_BJH very absorbent, on sale at 4c yard.
LADIES' VENETIAN cloth T\IL^R-M \DE SI'ITS. t irht-fltting Jackets, lined with >■ E fiw S E^. *"* ill T« 3 B I 91 S ™ * _
silk wrgc, * perfect hanging skirts, well "lined ar.d bour.dl' extra value for $20; will be --* & %&Sf&>. r _ £ M Bl g* | S■B SB 2 CASES UNBLEACHED CANTON FLANNEL, hea\-y and fleecy, worth THrC. on sale at 5c
At $20.00 At IO Cents.
LADIES' FINE CHEVIOT CLOTH TAILOR-MADE SUITS, in black, navy and preen, fly /v^*r*rv-vsvs^vsv»._vsMva_y^_«_* — — i 75 DOZEN TURKISH TOWELS, size ISx36, a good, heavy texture, worth $165 dozen, on sale
front Jackets, lined throughout with satin skirts lined with percaline and bound with . — _ — ®®®<g<_X_}_^<SXftWSAsW_^'-^^ at _oc each.
velvet, jackets and skirts handsomely trimmed with braid; regular price $27 50; will be .
LADIES' DRESS skirts ! GRAND DISPLAY THIS WEEK, -ew*sm^_^^^ -»--•-*-
-/\t 35 Cents
_ ff~fZ~ * ®®®®SXS(SX_.«_yS®Si_^^ ~~ ""* CREAM TABLE DAMASK. 56 inches wide, all linen, very durable and good patterns; worth
JAt $1.25 ••■__■_«_! 45c. will be offered ac 35c yard.
LADIES" colored cheviot cloth DEE?? skirts, lined with percaline and bound Wedirect Darticular attention this week to the oFrer-
with velvet; worth ,_; will be placed on sale at $125 each. CUll, ' Vl H«l«-«^«' '•___. At 5 ° CentS
_Z ___ _ inCTQ fpnm HUT leading dCDartmCntS and rCSPCCIFUIIy lnVlt© TABLE DAMASK. -2 inches wide, pearl white, a good strong fabric and all pure flax; worth
f\t $1.-4-5 HIS-* *.f-y - UW.I is-uwiii to ■** f . r- rf 70c. will be offered at 50c yard.
»?%i^otoSd a" XK R .a?h ade of 6U,t1% ■« J,ned "* bound: regular the public to visit our establishment and inspect the At 75 Cents .
< - i ,_ _ _ /\«\f\ X\. V^. rr\VT _TW^W>TT'B^/^ _TV ««»««««v«««yg TABLE DAMASK. 72 inches wide, grass bleached, satin flnish, very heavy and serviceable;
"sawsfs raaswr ~- -* — - j '— EXCEPTIONAL OPPORTIiNITItS urrbKfcli! """""'""'"" a "'l g ,. 0 o
a* S»4fs OO 8-* DAMASK NAPKINS, 21 inches square, a good heavy grade and a soft finish: worth 1 So,
**^  ._,_.____.. = ' will be offered at Jl 00 dozen.
LADIES' PLAIN BLACK SATIN DRESS SKIRTS, double lined and bound with velvet; ■ ■ ■ — — — - — —
worth $10; wiil be placed on sale at $6 90 each. Kf**m -_ A _*""^ ▼"_P r\-t CXI -» _=
■st T\TTr-/^t -w ■ Avrnmn 1 «TT_ /J 1 T\nAl W-d1 1 T I kW S f\f* C- ft W^ I * __. H ■ B»_ 8-4 DAMASK NAPKINS. 21 inches square, fast edges, a fine clese weave: worth $1 75, will be
LADIES' JACKETS AND CAPES! Silk ! Colored BLACK -— ■ **- ___ ___ - *- — -^ -*-1 *•
■ — --rv - ■ , ', T\ . /_. -. . A J_. ■'■■111 B^fek. 3-4 DAMASK NAPKINS. 23 inches square, extra heavy and a fine satin flnish; worth $235,
At $2.45. na«Qf*trtiArat lifP^ llOOfl^ \J\J\JIJKJm wm_b,..-w ? tf«d«.
LADIES' KERSET AND BOUCLE CLOTH JACKETS, fly and double-breasted fronts; IlL^if/jl 1 iflt3li_L-_ 1/1* VJ J 11 VV I* 9 a+ Cj^-j .=_--,*«_
worth ?5; will be placed on sale at $2 45 each. J/VI/U1 lr.E_-.-lW*.* WfW /*t \*KJ «^e-nxs
m. ; LACE CURTAINS, 3 yards long, strong and serviceable; worth $1 15, will be offered at 90c
At $4.90 * __ . J\t SO Cents pair.
/i «■ -__ays. r^p*nt« ...
LADIES' KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS, fly and double-brew ted fronts, faced with silk At 6 5 CentS rtX -* =» _*»»»■_ es BLACK FRENCH CHEV- At $1.25
serge; good value for *S 50; will be offer edat 90 each. ,„,.„-„ .vn^n^npn 3 cases DOUBLE-FOLD HOMESPUN 1 lOT. 42 inches wide, all wool; **■..*=» ;-,_
— ~_ — - i BLACK FIGLRED AND BROCADLD DRESS GOODS, new spring shades; marked down from t»c to 50c a LACE CURTAINS. 3U yards long, in both white and cream. Point d Esprit effects; worth
/\t $7.50 SILK, 24 inches wide, regular value IU be offered at 2 5c a yard. yard. $1 65, will be offered at $1 25 pair.
LADIES' KERSEY AND COVERT CLOTH JACKETS, some plain, others trimmed with Ssc; marked down to ooc a yara. * '
LADIES' KERPEY AND COVERT CLOTH JACKETS. s"tM plain, others trimmed with K>e ' '"■ il c _ _
braid; regular price $12 50; will be offered at *7 £0 each. _er___ *^- ' sj>l.&\->
—~* __ !_ _ _^-. b'__. /\t SO Cents At OS Ce^ntS LACE CURTAINS. 34 yards long, in both white and cream, a flne grade and new patterns;
/\t S3. SO. f\t 75 Cents , ,_.„„- COOIVfI „ T . TT .c, - , i. i *° pieces BLACK ENGLISH DIAG- worth $1 S5. will be offered at $1 50 pair.
LADIES BLACK KERSET CLOTH CAPES, handsomely trimmed with braid and beads; i rtT DTAtn AND FANCY 2 cases NE^SPRIN FLAIDb, »> inrh«? i ONAL. 48 Inches wide; marked ~ "
U worth fcTtbn be placed on sale at S3 50 each. ' C °STRIPED SILK^ regular value $1; ; S at tfc ay«T* ** * P I down ° m Jl to *° a yard " At $2.00
' " marked down to 75c a yard. " 1 CURTAINS 314 yards long, in both white and cream, Brussels net and Point dE«
At $5.00. ■ prlt effects; worth $2 50, will be offered at $2 00 pair.
LADIES' PLAIN PLUSH APE?. length 27 inches, collar and fronts edged with black __\-^ .20 Cents $1«00 _____ — — — -,
Thibet fur; regular price J10: will be offered at $5 each. _ At —-— Cents FIGI - RED ' scotch » plec«j RT ACTT CTfITT-nv fitach^ " ~ = '
£) ' BLACK DUCHESSE SATIN. 24 inches 3 cases 38-INCH FIGURED SCOTCH J!a t marked down from $1-50 i_^d AH
/.JIB f3 * 75 Cents At 75 Cents __ pieces black diagonal. 52 /**_»*, _■ '^Tb^ m
ft. fa\ -^ m^Lm W _• r.r*T^T.-n-T^ TiFPFTi QTTK finest 1 case NOVELTY BEXGALINE PLAIDS, inches wide and in three different f\ f\ fi|^ IT /
IE / 1 _^?_ Or J* 0 COLOR r^Y^r value Ssc- marked j new designs, value for $1 a yard; will twills: marked down from JL2S and /H / B ___f7\\\ V» / / _<aS^"*N
1M I W/mtSff li&l^^/M ff fc^Mflff /g §m fKt 3J.00 46-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL 100 pieces BLACK FIGURED MO- \J» I M/WmW I 'KBJa____W ffu&l Jm J&M S i _WL _-» jf
_f \B?mmW/m\\\mmW' -_fc_L___^__// mWLm^mW /l FANCY STRIPED ND CHECKED - STORM SERGES, all shades; "will be " 0 fro 4^ inches c wide; marked >V jM^SF/ _|^^ SffW&ff W^ / W&'Wrf
WS J2i&\&r/ y&wr *_W xtfrf&FSr vr f W-\W*x%_W f SILK, regular value $1.2.; marked offered at 50c a yard. down irom $1 to oOc a yard. J^t/sSrXT / vsss>^ *^ 'vry iw . *^~ M
/ M fla^ / Mt 75 Cents P-t 31. 50 ISI M w ««, .««• . __, /
iMI M U 1 __A I - _,4 i.lllLUn. / /Xt SI.OO , case FRENCH NOVELTY DRESS 10 pipers BLACK ENGLISH DIAG- IMI M MflrfTPt TftTlS^ STld McAIHStCf StS^ /
1 _¥ I ff Market JOneS and McAllister sts« / i black FIGURED SATIN AND GOODS 46 inches wide, insight and ONAL. 5S inches wide splendid for / ffi ff w* w»» JUJIOS fIUU iuaiwi UUSaf M
iff I M U»«"»Vfc, ■wuwiuHi *+**. ww«, y GROS GRAIN SILK, regular value medium shades, worth $1.25 a yard; tailor tings; marked down from Iff Iff _______%. PrandSCO. /
i-<T San Pranclsoo. § 1 $1.25; marked down to $1 a yard. | on special sale at 75c a yard. J2.2.1 to JI.oO a yard. \f %^ «-•—■■-
FOURTH STREET
BRIDGE A TAX
ON SHIPPING
Shipowners and Lum
ber Men Indignant.
A BRIDGE-TENDER'S BONANZA
THAT IS WHAT OPENING THE
DRAW PROVES TO BE.
The Boarding Masters Finally Raise
Sailors" Wages — Overdue
— Baettke and the
Sloop Mabelle.
A howl of indignation is going up from
shipowners and lumber men over the
- conduct of affairs at the Fourth street
drawbridge. The city pays the keepers j
for iking after the draw from sunrise i
to sunset, but between the hours of sun- j
set and sunrise the bridge tenders are
governed by no law save their own con- j
science, and it is needless to say that
that is a very elastic affair. In fact, the \
Fourth-street bridge Is a veritable Klon- ',
dike for the bridge tender and the ship
owners and lumber merchants are the
field now being worked.
A few of the firms who have to pay toll
to the men who handle the bridge at
night are the San Francisco Lumber
Company, Union Cumber Company, Al- ■
bion' Lumber Company. Pacific Pine Lum
ber Company, J. S. Kimball Company, ;
Truckee Lumber Company and the Wil- !
aso Bros. Company. The Kimball Com- ;
pany assert that It costs them on an ay- |
arage 510. a month to have the draw- 1
bridge opened at night so that their ves
sels car. pass in and out. The others |
will pay similar amounts for a like ac- !
commodation. so it is a safe estimate to
place the earnings of the bridge tenders,
exclusive of the salary paid them by the
city, at $1000 a month. No wonder that
every ward politician in- the city is lay
ing his strings to secure the job from the
Supervisors for a favorite.
'•The whole matter has come to be a
crvinE evil said J. H. Bullock of the
Kftnball Company yesterday. "It costs
our firm alone SloO a month, and for that
<^urn 1 could keep the bridge attended to
every night In the week, year in and year
out The bridge tender used to have a
i'xe'd rate of ii for opening the bridge
after dark, but now they often exact *>
and occasionally »». and sometimes
ev-n more than that. On the night of
Mafch 12 the captain of the Novo had to
nay 55 and to-night (last night) we have
agreed to pay W3O to have the bridge
opened, so that the Aloha can pass
-'Thf bridge tenders have *»*<*£*
mcrcv Our vessels have to get up Chan
nel -Vreet to the lumber yards in order
to narge. If they don't get through
dl draw during, the night they lose a
whole 'lav. which makes the sum of *.
b °u r t WSg. S'ar way seem Inslgnlficent.
«200 a year earnings of a steam
more than the ner. earnings of a
When the sum exceeds *> the . tenders as
s*ri that they have to employ another
man to help them and we ha* c > to pa^
th* piper. We are not the only surterers
by" any means! and I should say that a
low estimate would place the earnings
of these men for night work at 510,000 a
°"For a long time we simply paid the
money and looked pleasant. Then *c
demanded a receipt tor every cent we
paid out and at first they "fused to give
us one, saying it was simply a matter or
accommodation on their part and we were
paying for a favor; furthermore, that !
there was no law to compel the opening
of the draw after sunset and they, the
bridge tenders, were putting themselves
out of the way to oblige us. We in
sisted upon getting a receipt, however,
and now we have quite a stack of them. :
Here is one we got on the 12th Inst. It
reads: 'March 12. 189?. Received $5 from I
the captain of the Novo for opening the ]
bridge on the night of the 12th at 11
o'clock.— Welsh.' : - 
"You see we are being cinched right |
along and the sooner the Supervisors
make a change the better it will be for ;
the shipping of the port."
"The bridge-keeper got to my collar to j
the tune of $5." said Captain O. Erickson i
of the steamer Albion. "At 11 a. m. I was
ready to go to sea and asked that the
draw might be opened. The tender re
fused to open the bridge on the ground
that the tide was out and it would dam
age the concrete pillars to open the draw.
He therefore refused to open the draw
until 5:30 p. m.. when it was after hours,
and I had to pay $5 for the accommoda
tion."
The shipowners and lumber men have
combined in this matter and intend to
have this tax upon shipping done away
with or know the reason why.
Now that the rain has come and 'the
State is saved," the shipowners and
merchants who congregated on 'change
yesterday gave considerable of their time
to discussing the overdue fleet. The out
look for the British ship Dominion is con- ;
sidered bad. while the chances for the
Alcides and Carnarvon Bay are held to
be about even. The Helen N. Kimball is
not looked upon as a good risk by in
surance men and the owners of the Albert
Meyer are anxiously looking for news by
the next island steamer.
The Alcides is now out 150 days from
San Francisco for London with the most
valuable cargo that left this port in a
sailing vessel last year. It was insured
for over a quarter of a million dollars
and that fact has a good deal to do with
the amount now being paid for reinsur- j
ance. __ r'.y'-y- ■'
Th* Carnarvon Bay left Tacoma for ;
Queenstown a month before the Alcides :
left San Francisco and is now out 197 ;
days. Her cargo consisted of 70.358 centals I
of wheat valued at $71,000. Strange to
say. although one vessel left a month af- ;
ter the other, both were spoken in almost
the same latitude and longitude last No
vember. On November 22 the Carnarvon
Bay was in latitude 36 south, longitude 131
west, while on November 26 the Alcides I
was in latitude 25 south, longitude 131 j
west. On the Carnarvon Bay the under- ,
writers are paying 70 per cent reinsurance,
while on the Alcides they are paying 40
per cent, In connection with these two !
overdues it is well to note that the Brit
ish ship Clan Macpherson, which left Se
attle on October 4. or thirteen days before
the Alcides and sixteen days after the
Carnarvon Bay. only reached the Tyne
(England) on the 12th inst.— days out.
From this it would seem as if there was
still hope for the vessels named.
I The British ship Dominion is now out
! 57 days from Honolulu for Puget Sound,
One of the Receipts for Money Paid a Fourth-
Street Bridgetender for Opening the
Draw After Sunset.
THE SAN- FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 16, 1899.
i and the schooner Helen N. Kimball 103 !
days from Eureka for Panama. Quite a
number of vessels that left the Hawaiian I
Islands after the Dominion reached port*
long ago and it is feared that the ship i
was caught in a squall and. being in bal- ,
last, probably turned turtle. The only \
hope for the Helen N. Kimball is that she ,
has reached Panama and the agent has
I failed to notify the owners of her arrival.
j The schooner Albert Meyer is 39 days out i
from Seattle for Kahului. but when the i
', steamer China gets in to-morrow she may
bring news of the schooner's arrival.
The boarding masters have formed
1 themselves into a close corporation and in !
i the future deepwater ships will have to
i pay $30 a month for sailors. For a long
j time the ruling wage has been $20 a
. month, but since the law limiting a man's
I advance to one month's pay went into
effect the boarding masters cannot make
both ends meet. It is not so many years [
ago since $80 was the money received for ;
each sailor. Of this sum. $60 was the ;
two months' • advance and $20 was the
"bone or "blood money" paid by the
captain of the ship for each man. From
$80 the wages gradually dwindled to $20
a month, with a two months' advance,
and now the advance has been cut in ;
I half, so in desperation the boarding mas- i
; ters have decided to make an effort to ,
advance wages.
The idea came from New York. The
, boarding masters of Gotham decided that :
$20 would not pay expenses, so when the I
■ ship John R. Kelly was ready to sail I
for San Francisco they asked the captain \
for the $20 advance and $10 a man "blood '
money." The captain and owners refused
point blank to pay the "blood money,'' so ;
wages were at once advanced to $30 a
month. The John R. Kelly lay in stream I
a long time without a crew, but finally
the owners gave in. a crew at $30 a month
: was shipped and the vessel is now on her
way to this port.
When the news of the victory reached
San Francisco the boarding masters held !
a conference and notified Shipping Mas
| ter Charles McCarthy that in the future j
'■ $30 a man would be the rate for deep- j
! water ships. McCarthy had a crew for ;
the Wm. H. Smith, loaded for New York,
half shipped, and he asked permission to i
I complete her crew at the old rate. This ;
I concession was made, and now the flght
I is to center over the James Drummond.
: This vessel is almost ready to sail for
London and Captain Skewes says he will
not pay $30 a month. The boarding mas
ters say he will or he will have his ship
1 tied up, and there the matter stands for
; settlement. Should the captain of the
Drummond be forced to pay $30 It will
: only be a question of a few days when
every deepwater vessel in port will be
i paying that rate.
Captain Kustel is no longer master of
the ship Hawaiian Isles. He had a mis
understanding with the owners and his
resignation was accepted.
The trouble between the American bark I
Ceylon and British ship Talus will not j
! go into the courts, but will be settled by |
; arbitration. On February 26 both vessels
i were making port when the wind fell
j light. The Talus anchored and a few j
: minutes later the two vessels came to
gether. The British ship was not dam
aged to any great extent, but the Cey
[lon was. Each captain held the other to
blame, and finally It was decided to sub
mit the matter to arbitration. Captain
H. H. Watson, the marine surveyor, will
represent the Ceylon: Captain Metcalf,
Lloyd's agent, is to look after the inter
ests of the Talus, and Matthew Turner
will be the referee.
J. Lee Palmer. L. M. Nichols and James
Shaw returned from Santa Cruz by train
yesterday and tell an interesting story of
their rough voyage in the Mabell*. The
party started out for th* Farallones Sat
urday morning with a light breeze. When
lust outside the wind stiffened and at
daylight Captain Baettke put out his sea
anchor and the battle with wind and
waves began. The rest of the story, as
told by members of the party, is as fol-
I lows:
By Sunday morning the wind had increased
almost to a hurricane, and as a precaution the
captain made an> extra sea anchor of the fly
ing Jib. the anchor and boat hook, which was
placed in readiness to put out at a moment's
notice, and a wise precaution it proved, for at
3 o'clock Monday morning away went the line j
that held the drag we had, out. and In a mo- ,
ment we were in the trough of the sea with
the seas going clear over us. : . »..
The able seamanship of the captain and his
two associates enabled them to get out the
improvised anchor before much damage was
done and hold her up in the wind again. But
the wind and sea were too much for her to
stand and at 6 o'clock Monday morning she
parted the 3H-'-T" line on the drag and we
were again at the mercy of the sea. We had
nothing left to nut out to hold; delay meant
certain death, and In a flash the jib and reefed
mainsail were up and we were scudding be- j
fore a raging sea at a ten-knot clip. Santa j
Cruz was the only port we could head for be
fore the wind and we arrived there about 2 ]
o'clock in the afternoon, having made the" run |
from the Farallones to Santa Cruz ln less than I
eight hours. Captain Baettke remains at Santa I
Cruz with the Mabelle and will sail her back I
to San Francisco as soon as the storm is over.
FAILED TO IDENTIFY HIM.
Charge of Extortion Against Clay
Markell and Frank Mason, Ex-
Convict. Dismissed.
The preliminary examination of Clay
Markell and Frank Mason, the latter an
ex-convict, on the charge of extortion,
was held before Judge Mogan yesterday,
and as there was no evidence against the
defendants the case was dismissed.
Early in January Gustave Schwarz of
the Old Louvre went to the ferry in re
sponse to a telephone message and was
met by three men who handed to him
valuable papers that had been stolen
from the safe in the Old Louvre. For
these Schwarz handed them $10). One of
the men had a revolver and Intimidated
Schwarz to prevent him from calling as
sistance. That afternoon Schwarz noti
fied the police, and on returning to the
saloon was warned over the telephone
that he would be killed if he informed
against the extortionists. When Markell
and Mason were arrested by Detectives
Gibson, Wren and McMahon, Schwarz re
ceived another telephone message, warn
ing him not to identify the men on pain
of death. «^;-»yy ~
Both Schwarz and his bartender. John
Dorr, who followed him to the ferry, tes
tified in court yesterday that they could
not Identify the defendants, although
Dorr told the detectives after the de
fendants were arrested that he had iden
tified them in the City Prison. The Judge
had to dismiss the case.
Mason is now waiting his trial in the
Superior Court on a charge of burglary.
On his preliminary examination on that
charge he made a desperate attempt to
escape from Judge Mogan's courtroom.
PLUMBER THURSIE ! KILLED.
Crushed "o Death by a Barrel of
Whiting Weighing Five Hun
dred Pounds.
Carl Alfred Thursie, a plumber, died
last Thursday evening at his residence,
139 Center place, from injuries received
last Saturday in a most peculiar accident.
He was working in a whiting factory at
347 Brannan street, and just before the
accident was engaged in moving barrels
of whiting on. skids. While handling a
barrel weighing 500 pounds he slipped and
the barrel began to roll off. Thursie, in
stead of jumping out of the way, seized
hold of the barrel in order to stop it. He,
however, failed to recover his balance
and the barrel rolled over him, Inflicting
fatal injuries.
Advance made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
CHARMED HIS
AUDITORS WITH
HIS ELOQUENCE
Father P. J. MacCorry
Lectures.
GLORIFIES THE HOLY BOOK
A BRILLIANT DISCOURSE IN ITS
DEFENSE.
Undeterred by the Storm a Large
Crowd Attends the Benefit fcr
Old St. Mary's
Church.
Despite the storm last evening, the lec
ture deliverd by the Rev. P. J. MacCorry,
C. S. P., in St. Mary's Church, drew a
large attendance. The hundreds who
braved the Inclement weather were repaid
by listening to an eloquent sermon and
some grand music.
Preceding the lecture the following num
bers were rendered: (1) Gloria from
Mozart's "Twelfth Mass," by the choir;
(2) "Aye Maria" (Mascagnij, contralto
solo. Miss Josephine Murphy, with violin
obligato by Eugene L. Schmitz; (3>
trombone and violin duet, "Prayer"
(Francis), trombone Alfred Roncovieri,
violin E. Schmttz.
At tho conclusion of the music Father
MacCorry discoursed for nearly an hour,
entertaining his listeners with his elo
quence. "The Armor of God's Word
was the subject of his address. It was a
logical defense of the Bible and was re
plete with pathos and humor and drew
tears and smiles from his auditors. In
part he said:
There is an infinitude of pathos in the his
tory of books. Like men and women, they live
and love and have their being, only to descend
like the waters Into the earth and return no
more. Books, like men. get out of date.- When
they were written they discussed issues that
were then being discussed. They struck at
wrongs that have ceased to exist. They advo
cated principles which are no longer living
principles. Were they books of history, other
books have risen up to take their places, the
subject matter better classified and more vivid
ly portrayed. Were they books of poetry, they
were interlocked with wild mythologies which
have long since gone up from the earth like
mists at sunrise. Were they books of morals,
they have passed away for civilization will not
long content Itself crouched at the reet of the
pagan morality.
Since the days of Pythagoras and Sappho ani
Tully we have moved outward and upward and
on. The pathos of Slmonldes, the sarcasm of
Menander. the wit of Aristophanes are no
longer a part of the lives we live. Books are,
therefore, very human. They are born, they
are fondled, they grow to vigor, they have a
midlife of strength and usefulness, their sun's
full orb. Then comes their declining years— old
age, decrepitude. Imbecility. They totter, they
fall, they die "back to the earth like the waters
that return no more."
Many of our libraries are merely cemeteries
of dead books. Every shelf a vault, every cover
a casket. Some of them live wild, tumultuous
lives and die wild. ignominious deaths. Some
were virtuous and accomplished a glorious mis
sion. Some were martyrs and went up in the
ashes of persecution's flames. Some, like the
literature of Alexandria, found their funeral
pyre in plundered cjti"^ Some were neglected
and died abandoned foundlings at the door of
science. Some expired in the author's studio.
Pome departed on the cylinders of the press.
Oh the vast cemetery of our buried books. I
think every night when the world sleeps. Poetry
and Prose. Science and Religion, go out hand
and hand to that graveyard and consecrate Its
myriad mounds with the sympathy of their
tears.
Or. shall we rather say that the soul of all
good books still lives— lmpressed, epitomized
between the covers of one grand old book, the
Bible? That, after all, ls the fountain head
from which all books worth the reading have
received their life. Every great book that has
been written since books were made derived
its power and pathos from the armory of God's
word Spencer imitates the parables: Tasso
paraphrases the Scriptures; Bunyan reproduces
the apocalyptic vision of St. John; Macaulay
crowns his most tremendous climaxes with a
quotation from Scripture; Carlyle is a parody
on Ez*kiel. and wandering up and down the
avenues and by-paths of Bible study you can
find the counterpart of all the world's painters,
poets and rhetoricians. They went to this foun
tain of truthfulness, grass-banked, crystal
lined Its surface reflecting back the garniture
of earth and the glory of constellations, and
derived their life.
The speaker then showed in detail how
the Bible started in the world's infancy,
grew beneath theocracy and monarchy:
how it was guarded under prophet's man
tle and fisherman's coat: how it spread
across the earth, traversed the lakes,
forded the rivers and navigated the seas;
churches, convents and asylums gather
ing along it? way and stretching out their j
hands in benediction.
The Scriptures were shown to be au
thentic; that they were written by the men
whose names they bear: that in spite of j
wrath and of tyranny and oppression they
have come down to us not a syllable al- i
tered, not a paragraph changed, not a j
promise lost; that although Voltaire came
out with his "acute philosophy, Hume with
his subtle scholarship. Gibbon with his
lopsided history, Hobbs with his insidious j
malice, Paine with his blasphemous i
chuckle, the Scriptures stand unimpaired,
and that all these have gone down to
death, defeated men, throwing their life
blood In execration to the skies and
shrieking with their dying breath. "O
Galilean, thou hast conquered." The very
style in which the Word of God is written
was cited as an excellent proof of its j
divine origin. How the thoughts flam. j
out. how they fire the blood like the roll i
of a war drum, how they flash upon the I
brain, how they thrill the sensibility.
"The argument from St. Paul." said th» (
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants. Manufac-
turers, Brokers, Importers, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers.
Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
IN CORRESPONDING WITH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING
FIRMS PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
_____ __ _ _ , : #
COPPERSMITH. j IRON FOUNDERS.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BLTTH, Mgr. Western Foundry. Morton SHedlev. Prop*..
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing. Steamboat j 234 Fremont St. Casting of Every D«.
and Ship Work a Specialty. 16 and 18 scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
Washington St Telephone. Main £641. . . _! _
BELTINa LIQUORS.
tst_i-ii.>j. Gudold Whiskey, gallon ».. II 50: caae. $6 00
L» TIE-.PN Manufacturer of Belting nnd F. C. O. Whiskey, do 7..t\ 25
.r. IJEUL-t, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis- j L. CAHEN & SON. .13 Sacramento St.. S. F.
sion SL. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562. \ „,„__, -.__.-„«, ~
* i. - — j PAPER DEALERS
BOILER MAKERS. lA/ 1 1 I AMFTTF PULP AND PAPER CO..
„„„__ . TJATT T^T> TTronrrn :If ILLHIfi £I I L 722 Montgomery Stre'.r.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS, * printing. -
W. J. BRADY, Proprietor. Pr -» HIirHFC PRINTER.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and snip :I—•W- 1 1 \J VI I 1 1— <_>i 511 Bansome street.
.Work. . i : : — —
Of*, .nd W. rtr «3.HSMISSIOK ST. „^ A ™™ JS J£J™. c .„.
Telephone Main 5045. ! Cnrte*. r*/\K IKIU Ij C fornia rt.
THESAmHrniSraMPAM, ■ ™ ." CB '^_ t S^ srJtt *
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY, rmw^mots. "
342 to 350 Gearv Street. Above Powell. r^*«£3_ HIT *._ 1"» _.*-J
Periodicals. Books and Stationery. jg§|iV All I ypeWHierS Kentefl.
_____ ___ ~ , fisSi ** w Partly u*ed for sale cheap.
CARRIAGE MAKERS. •^iSISyL-' AGENTS SMITH PREMIER.
O'DDIEX! C -Makers and Dealer* la <3__9|pS__^ I*. &M. ALEXANDER.
D-dcff S jUflJLandaus. Hacks, Victoria*, i y^S£S**J3 __ 0 Montgomery street.
Carts and Buggies. Golden Gate aye. and Polk — ■
it.. San Francisco. , . WAREHOUSEMEN.
„■ ,-..■, , m _ m .__„ I THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
COAL. COKE AND PIQ IRON. Forw -.;. _ m Apenta « nd Public Welgb.ra. G -
j. c. Wilson & co., a gPtff&ssag^s^ssssr^r
WOO BATTERY STREET. ] WATCHES. ETC. ~ '
Telephone Main ISM. ■ a( . uarter. for flne Jewelry and
DRUGGISTS .WHOLESALE-. 1- LIWDI, i,-k. Wedd^g Rings. 4 M rt.
DCniMRTHM 9, PH Second and Steven- WHITci ASH STEAM COAL,
nt-UII-UlUri 06 UUi son Sts. TeL Main 4 Mined' by the
— BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. M Its
FRESH AND SALT MEATS. GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES.
I_C B-IVEv * m Shipping Butchers. 10* la the Beat Coal In the MaxkeC_
J AS- BOYES & CO., Clay. TaL Mala UN. Of-lc« and Tar^-450 Main Sum*.
sneaker, "is like the flight of a rocket, step by
step, until at the climax it explodes with a.
■shower 'Of dazzling brilliancy. lighting up the
entire process through which it crossed. Oh,
the precision, the accuracy, the vivacity, th*
sprightliness of Bible language. Alert, keen
edged. Irresistible, resonant, lightning sped.
thunderbolted. omnipotent. I tell you •it is
not the language and the thought of men but
the language and the thought and the meta
phors of God. Th* Scriptures were also proven
divine from sublimity of their doctrines."
In conclusion Father MacCorry an
swered some objections brought by infi
delity against the Scriptures, showing
that in spite of every barrier the religion.
of the Scriptures has come up through
the centuries, gatherinig force as it ad
vanced, each gigantic stride a living land
mark for the world's weal.
The following selections concluded the
exercises:
Violin solo, "Cavatina," op. sr, (Raff),
Eugene E. Schmitz: tenor solo. "O Salu
tans" (Giorza), C. Goetting;Tantum Ergo
(Rossi), choir: final. "Praise Ye the Fa
ther" (Gounod), chorus.
Funeral of Seth F. Daniels.
OAKLAND. March 15.— The funeral of
the late ex-Judge Seth F. Daniels took
place this afternoon under the auspices
of University Lodge, I. O. O. F.. and not
withstanding the inclement weather, a
large number of friends gathered at Odd
Fellows' Hall to testify by their presence
to the high esteem in which deceased had.
been held. The services were very im
pressive and the floral offerings numer
ous and beautiful. The pallbearers were
Frederick Sinclair. Lester Burpee. Myron
Holcomb, David E. Bortree, Samuel H.
Mitchell and Lin S. Church. _'-:-J<-.i
Head Conan Doyle's story of the
mutiny on the Flower Land, in next
Sunday's Call.
56
THURSDAY MARCH 16, 1899
JOHN "D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St*, S. F«
Telephone Main 1561.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to £21 Stevenson Street j
Telephone Main 1874.
D-OL-VBRED BT CARRIERS, 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cent*.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage:
PA3XT CAUL (Including- Sunday Call), one year $8.00
PAJX.Y CALL. (Including Sunday .Call), t months 3.00
VXlldY CALL (Including Sunday Call), S months 1-60
DAILT CAIJ-— By Binglo Month -, 6 *2
BTTNDAT CALL, One Tear ffn
VTEEKJ-Y CALL, One Tear 1 -°°
Ail poatiuaater. are authorised to receive subscription*.
Bajtple copies -will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 90S Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Bntidinft
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 A.ootgomery street, corner Clay,
cpen until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
5:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open uotll 9:30
clock- 615 Larkin street, open ui.Ul 9:30 o'clock
-1841 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2618
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- K)6 Eleventh
street, open uotll 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-eecond ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock, j
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Fedora."
Grand Opera House —
Tivoli— "The Pretty Poacher."
Tivoli — "The Lily of Klllarney," to-morrow afternoon,
Alcazar— "a Social Highwayman."
Vaudeville.
Alhambra— "Dewey, the Hero of Manila."
Chutes. Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olympia— Mason and Ellis streets. Specialtie*.
Central Park— The Steeplechase.
AUCTION SALES.
By A. W. Louderback— This Day, at 2:30 o'clock, Turkish
r.uj.^" at 1-3 Geary street.
By Sullivan *v Doyle— day, at 11 o'clock, Horses, Bug-
Erie., etc., at XE. corner of Harrison and Sixteenth streets.
By Yon Rhein __ Co.— Thursday, March 23, at 12 m., Real
Estate at 513 California street. .
WAILING OF THE TOUTS.
WHEN the people of San Francisco decided they
would no longer, endure the iniquity of de
generate racing the Supervisors were not slow
to catch the drift of sentiment. Hence it was that the
Ingleside track was forced either to become the scene
of honest speed contests or to close. It will no longer
be permitted to thrive on the contributions of dupes,
upon money stolen by employes, or yielded by the
deluded toiler inspired by the hope of winning and
believing in the good faith of the racetrack promoters.
Under some conditions racing may be legitimate
sport. Under the conditions which have prevailed
here racing is a fraud and a snare.
That the law now forbids betting on races is a cir
cumstance which has provoked lament, but this all
comes from the touts, the hangers-on or the mani
pulators. The louder their wail the more conclusive
the evidence that the Supervisors have done wisely
and well. No objection comes from the reputable
citizen, none from the head of a family, not a word
of protest from the business man, who was never,
certain that his trusted employe would not be led
into temptation. In the estopping of betting a great
good has been accomplished.
As the days pass this fact becomes emphasized.
The people who are glad that the Supervisors have
taken so radical a course are the best citizens of the
community. The people who object constitute the
riff-raff, heretofore thriving on unearned money, and
many of them not even citizens of California. They
have flocked here like buzzards, and now that their
opportunity for preying has passed they are at lib
erty to go away, and they never will be missed.
The wail of the touts is vociferous, but it falls upon
the ears rather pleasingly. They were expected to
wail.
A GOOD APPOINTMENT.
\,\ EX of all parties will approve the action of j
/ \ Governor Gage in appointing Senator !
* * Stephen M. White to the office of Regent of j
the university. The selection is an excellent one in '
every respect. It is in no sense a partisan reward, I
since Senator White is not only a Democrat, but j
was one of the most active of his party in the cam- j
paign against Governor Gage in the last campaign.
It gives the southern part of the State a strong repre- |
tentative on the university board, and is thus as satis- j
factory from geographical as from political considera- j
tions.
While the Governor could have readily found a j
man in his own party and a resident of this section i
of the State well fitted to perform the duties imposed
upon the regents of the university, it is, none the less
gratifying that he made the choice he did, for such
appointments should be free not only from political
bias, but from even the suspicion of it.
None will question the fitness of the selection made.
Senator White is one of the few political leaders
cf the State who rank as statesmen and have the es
teem of the whole people without respect to party
lines. His abilities are of the first order, and his
patriotic regard for the welfare of the State and of
its institutions is undoubted. Himself a man of
learning and culture, he will be in full sympathy with
the work to which he has been called, and can be
counted on to labor faithfully for the accomplishment
of all its great educational objects.
Already there is an intimation that by an unwritten
law the Vice-President of the United States is cut
off from renomination. This Government is not con
trolled by law of the unwritten kind. That Vice-
Presidents are not renominated may result from their
ambition to escape from obscurity. • •
• f
• The millions sent to Cuban soldiers represent
a gift, nothing more. If they have the bad taste to \
object to the size of it they have only to become as
the "Man With the Hoe," and Markham will write
deathless verse about them, while they hustle for
rations.
Just because a woman in a Paris theater cried
"Fire!" a panic arose. Several people had their
stomachs trampled upon, but nobody was killed. The
calmness and self-possession of the French when
there is an emergency is the wonder of the world.
■ ■ » •
Colorado Utes are said to be again threatening
trouble. Such is their habit. They. stir up trouble
about once in so often and always find that they get
the worst of it, but they do not seem able to learn
anything.
. — — '. . '
Cubans may go to war with the United States, but
the chance of ever governing their own island will
be the price they will pay. «
BRYON YifS fi LUCID INTERVAL.
A LETTER by William Jennings Bryan written
in November, 1897, but just made public, shows
the champion of free silver has occasionally a
lucid interval, during which he sees things as they
are and is capable of forming a reasonable judgment
concerning them. The letter is, therefore,. more in
teresting than his usual utterances, and its statements
are as applicable to conditions now as to those which
prevailed when it was written.
Mr. Bryan's correspondent desires to have the
Democratic party make in its national platform for
1900 a declaration in favor of the Government owner-
I ship of railways, and, writing to that gentleman, ex
pressed the hope that he would be renominated for
the Presidency in 1900 and would make the proposed
plank a feature of the campaign.
To all that Mr. Bryan responded that he has never
examined the subject of governmental management
of railways and has formed no opinion on it; he is
opposed to the introduction of a new issue into poli
tics because the people can deal with only one reform
at a time, and other questions have precedence of the
one proposed; and finally he says: "I think 1900 is
too far away for us to know who may be most avail
able at that time. We are entitled to the most avail
able man whoever he may be, and the events of the
next three years will be needed to aid us in selecting
him."
There can be no question of the soundness of these
statements. One issue at a time is all that can be
effectually settled in a Presidential election. Even
when two or more issues are before the country, as
in 1896, when tariff reform, currency reform and the
; remonetization of silver were all at stake, the people
' cast their ballots with reference to one only. Many
free-trade Democrats voted for McKinley and the
gold standard, while a considerable number of Re
publicans who were stanch protectionists voted for
Bryan and free silver. So it will always be. One
issue dominates the campaign and the rest are vir
tually ignored.
When Bryan wrote the letter he doubtless thought
the free-silver agitation could be kept up and made
the salient feature of the 1900 campaign. If such a
programme succeeded he would inevitably be the
candidate of his party for the Presidency. If ever
another lucid interval comes to him he will perceive
that these hopes have no longer any reason to support
them. Whatever may be the subject of party conflict
in the coming campaign it will not be the remoneti
zation of silver.
Only a short time ago Mr. Wall of Wisconsin, a
member of the Democratic National Committee,
wrote a letter to Chairman Jones declaring he can no
longer support the free-silver doctrine. The reply of
the chairman has not been made public, nor is it
necessary that it should be. In all parts of the
country the former zealots for silver are falling away
from the standard and deserting the cause. A new
issue will engage the minds of the American people,
and to meet it Democracy must find a new leader or
suffer an even more disastrous defeat than that of 1896.
Nobody at this stage of scientific development can
yet dispute the claim of the physician who asserts that
he has found a serum competent to defy pneumonia.
The race is hardly subject to a malady more fearful
than this, and if it can be banished the society organ
ized for the purpose of extending life to ioo years can
have something tangible upon which to base its hopes
and its prospectus.
"MUST EXERT THEMSELVES."
IN a conversation with the New York correspondent
. of The Call Mrs. Stanford stated that she has
\ noted among the Eastern people whom she has
met a much greater interest in California than on
any previous visit. This is due of course to the grow
ing importance of Pacific Ocean commerce and to
the general recognition of the advantage California
will have in profiting by it.
Mrs. Stanford, however, is not one of the believers
in manifest destiny who hold that the trade will come
to us whether we exert ourselves or not. "Califor
nians," she said, "must not assume for an instant that
this avalanche of trade will sweep toward them of its
own accord. They must exert themselves and co
quette a little with our foreign friends. Californians
now have a golden opportunity. It remains with
them to take advantage of it, and make the Golden
State the empire State of the Pacific."
These statements are the results of impressions ob
tained from conversations with the great capitalists
of the East. They are in accord with reports that
have come to us from all sources for some time past.
The East has an oversupply of money. Capitalists
are seeking investments. The possibilities of Pacific
Ocean trade have attracted sufficient attention to lead
men to talk of it, but as yet no considerable amount
of American money is flowing into it. Whether it
comes or not depends upon ourselves.
In the meantime the Southern States, having by two
expositions made known the extent of their re
sources, are drawing to themselves large amounts of
Northern capital, and are rapidly building up a manu
facturing industry of vast proportions. Those States
have nothing like the commercial and industrial pos
sibilities of the Pacific Coast, and yet are progressing
while we are comparatively stagnant.
The time has come for the Pacific Coast to make an
exposition on a scale of sufficient magnitude to at
tract the attention of the world and turn in this di
rection a large part of that accumulation of capital
which is already perplexing Eastern financiers and
which will be increased by the course of foreign trade
during the coming season. Mrs. Stanford has spoken
wisely and timely on the subject. ; Californians must
exert themselves.
A strange story comes from Nashville- that while
colored troops were returning from the front their
sleeping cars were invaded by the police and the
somnolent troopers beaten into insensibility. With
out the slightest prejudice against these troops, who,
according to all accounts, fought nobly, nobody will
believe the story.
A NEW PENAL LAW.
AMONG the many creditable things done by the
present Legislature is the passage of a bill add
ing two new sections to the Penal Code, under
which hereafter it will be dangerous for candidates
for the Federal Senate to "assist" members of the
Legislature before their election.
The sections referred to are numbered 63 and 6354.
The first provides that every Senatorial candidate who
shall give or- loan a member of the Legislature any
money or property in advance of his election, whether
under promise to vote for such candidate or not, shall
be guilty of a felony. The rule thus laid down ap
plies also to an agent, and upon proof that a Sena
torial candidate has advanced money personally, or
"through an agent, or that it has been advanced in his
behalf, renders ■ a conviction possible. The second
section makes members of the Legislature who accept
the money equally guilty, and evidence that the money
has been accepted is prima facie proof that the legis
THE SAN- FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 16, 1899.
lator has promised to vote for the Senatorial candi
date, or, in other words, accepted a bribe.
The custom of "assisting" candidates for the Legis
lature during campaigns in return for support after
ward has been a favored plan of securing the toga in
this State. Several- distinguished gentlemen whose
names we could give have resorted to it without
scruple, maintaining that while not entirely free from
objection, it was perfectly legitimate and proper.
These amendments to the Penal Code, however,
will put an end to the practice; that is, unless the
"sack" candidates are willing to take the chances of
exposure and the penitentiary. Ordinarily Colonel
Mazuma is not overbold. He prefers to transact
business amid the confusion of a political campaign
with individuals widely separated rather than appear
in the lobby at Sacramento with a bag under his
waistcoat, where the reporters can interview him and
supervise his work. Perhaps it never will be possible
to entirely eliminate money from Senatorial politics
so long as the Legislature is invested with power to
elect, but these sections will go a long way toward
confining that potent influence within proper bounds.
IT is reported from the City Hall that, for the first
time in the history of the city, the Municipal Re
portsa very interesting volume over which
Clerk Russell exercises personal supervision will be
bound in two volumes instead of one. This is said
to be the result of verbosity among the heads of the
various departments of the city government, who,
instead of reducing their annual reports to constituent
particles, have swelled them out with a view to ad
vertising their work or for the purpose of making
their offices appear important in the municipal gov
ernment.
It is hinted also by the reporter who records this
prospect in the columns of a morning contemporary
that another cause for the extraordinary enlargement
of this branch of municipal literature is a desire on
the part of officials to give the printer of the volumes
as much work as possible. A desire to multiply the
work of printers and consume appropriations, how
ever, is not by any means confined to the publica
tion of the Municipal Reports. A sentiment of lib
erality and extravagance in disbursing the public
money permeates the entire city government. When
appropriations are for any reason inadequate, or have
been skimped to conform to a limit on taxation, it
runs riot everywhere, finding expression in grumbling
and kicking on the part of the officials thus forced to
economize. Indeed, such a thing as business
economy or a desire to reduce expenses is rarely or
never found among either elected or appointed public
servants.
But there ought, nevertheless, to be some way by
which to confine the Municipal Reports to one vol
ume. Not only will two volumes add to the confu
sion of reference, but they will take up more space
upon the shelves of the libraries compelled to harbor
them than is justified by the subject of which they
treat. Why cannot Clerk Russell undertake the work
of condensation? Certainly the reports could well
stand a liberal application of the shears. During late
years many of the longest reports have been aban
doned. Take, for instance, the report of the Regis
trar of Voters, one of the most important of the bi
ennials. It used to be the practice to print his elec
tion figures in the Municipal Reports. Now he is
compelled to publish them in a pamphlet.
Why cannot the same thing be done with the
swollen out statement of the Auditor and the long
drawn statistics of the Superintendent of Streets?
What readers of the Municipal Reports want for the
most part is the necessary records of government
— the bones after they have been picked, as it were.
If there is any advertising to be done the officials
should do it on the dead walls or in the newspapers.
THE OUTLOOK IN SAN LUIS.
REPORTS from San Luis Obispo are to the
effect that the financial flurry caused by the re
cent bank failures has virtually died out, and
that there are now no indications of further trouble.
It is to be hoped the report is not based upon a too
sanguine view of the situation, and that with the
coming of the rain the people of that section will
share in the general prosperity of the State.
There are indeed good reasons for believing that
the banks suspended in that "darkest hour which pre
cedes the dawn," and that had they been able to hold
en for a short time longer all would have gone well
with tnem. The spring rains have started in with a
profusion sufficient to give promise of good crops for
farmers and good pasturage for cattlemen. That
means immediate relief from the anxieties and fears
that disturb business and the probability of complete
relief later on from financial stringency by bringing
into the county abundant revenues when the crops go
to market.
In addition to the rains there is promise for San
Luis Obispo as well as for all the coast counties from
Monterey to Los Angeles in the statement of Mr.
Huntington that the work of closing the gap in the
coast railroad would be begun at once and be pushed
forward with such vigor as to make it probable the
road will be open within a year.
The opening of the road will make that route the
chief thoroughfare of travel between San Francisco
and the south, and as a result will aid in bringing
about a general development of the resources of the
section. With an increase of population there will
come an opportunity for son* of the residents who are
now land poor to sell their estates in small tracts and
thereby build up such communities as have made so
many other sections of the State prosperous and com
paratively wealthy.
A financial agent in Denver advocates the lynching
of an editor there because of the paper's opposition
to trusts. The agent is silly, and his present attitude
is not the first demonstration he has made of it. All
ne has succeeded in doing this time is to give the
editor a fresh text and renewed ardor.
Crown Prince Gustaf, who is visiting Stockholm,
has been smitten in the neck by a few snowballs and
feels aggrieved. Evidently the sensitiveness of Scan
dinavian royalty is abnormal. Good American citi
zens have been hit in the same place and never whim
pered. >bN
Cubans have declared Gonzales de Quesada a
traitor, thus placing him in the class with Gomez.
No two more exalted patriots ever worked for the ele
vation of Cuba, hence the conclusion that the Cubans
are a lot of blithering idiots is hard to avoid.
Federal office-holders who have been neglecting
their jobs so as to promote the candidacy of Burns
are likely to receive official censure, but nothing short
of the stoppage of their salaries will adequately meet .
the case.
An Italian mob is terrorizing two towns in Colo
rado, and when some of the ruffians get the killing
they deserve Italy will be officially aggrieved to ob
serve that her people here are not protected from
violence.
CUT THEM DOWN.
MRS. FUHRIG
IS AT LAST
CONVICTED
Verdict of Murder in
Second Degree.
: j t-b
DISTRICT ATTORNEY ELATED
IT WILL PUT A DAMPEB ON
CBIMINAL OPEBATIONS.
The Prisoned Will Be Sentenced Sat
urday and the Court Can Give
Her From Ten Years
to Life.
R. S. MAPLESON.
JOSEPH POHEI-VI.
S. GILLESPIE.
J. T. BBOPHY.
A. BTJISLEY.
M. H. MOHBDICK.
E. P. ENBIGHT.
T. FBAHAM.
JAMES E. DEALEY.
JACOB WAND.
M. SPIBO.
BOBEBT CLEABY.
The above are the names of the jurors
who, yesterday, after a brief deliberation,
returned into court and rendered a ver
dict of murder in the second degree
against Mrs. Dora Fuhrig, the notorious
midwife and performer of criminal opera
tions. To this verdict there is due the
support of the entire community, for it
has condemned the acts of this notorious
woman as second only in criminal vicious
ness to the deliberate, malicious assassin
ation of a human being.
The verdict, if the Supreme Court does
not see fit to reverse it and send the case
back for a new trial, will be the means
of ridding the community of the most
dangerous of this class of criminals—
most dangerous foe in addition to the
inclination to perform such crimes as the
one for which she will, in all probability,
serve a long term in prison, there is
coupled profound ignorance, and this ig
norance makes her as dangerous to a
community as the plague. Death has fol
lowed in her wake constantly and if the
doors of a prison are now to be closed
upon her it will be generally considered
well and that the jury did but its duty.
The crime for which Mrs. Fuhrig has
suffered conviction Is that of causing the
death of Mrs. Anna W. YValmsley by
means of a criminal operation, performed
in a cruel, bungling manner. It is man.-'
fest from the testimony introduced in the
case that she had no interest in the
young wife whose death she caused ex
cept the few dollars she might reap if the
the operation was successful. Itisofttimes
necessary that this operation be per
formed for the relief of disease. An at
tempt was made to prove that such was
the condition in the present case, but
the proof failed, and there remained but
the agonizing picture of a young woman,
in the bloom of health but with an aver
sion for children and a love of pleasure.
Placing her life In the hands of a con
scienceless midwife, whose ignorance and
criminal inclination sacrificed her rather
'}««£,' V?? c the _ cold she might contribute
to an illy gotten purse.
.. As _?ell as to the verdict of the jury
£n e c £ orts °, f District Attorney Murphy
co n^m h en S da a bfe Stant ' Attorney Black ' are
Several weeks ago Mrs. Fuhrig was
tried and acquitted of the charge against
her of having caused the death of Mrs
vSt E ,ffh ton A few da >' after this
-verdict the husband of this victim, ag
onized over the loss ° his life, took his
full* eff e e bt an o d not tv then that the
run effect of this woman's crimes was
appreciated by the community. After
this occurrence District Attorney Murphy
< 0 4 k ,, lh . c Prosecution in hand, and, as
sisted by Mr. Black, bent all efforts to
ct C tV, r » e ~ con „ vic "on. All one afternoon a
ann , h -5 s ! d between the prosecution
and the defense as to whether the dying
statement of the prisoner's victim should
be read to the jury, and when Judj.e
Cook finally decided to admit it it was
Known that Mrs. Fuhrig's conviction was
as , . i : < _ d - °J}, the ruling of Judge Cook
admitting this statement as evidence it
is said that the defense will rest for a
reversal of the verdict. District Attor
ney Murphy, however, says that the right
of the jury to hear this statement is sus
tained by many decisions, and in conse
quence he is confident that the verdict
will stand and that Mrs. Fuiirig will go
to Slate's Prison for a term of not less
than ten years and perhaps for life.
Judge Robert Ferral, who represented
Mrs. Fuhrig, made a hard fight to secure
his client's acquittal, but the case against
her was too conclusive. It is seldom that
Judge Ferral casts logic aside and at
tempts to play upon the sympathy of the
jury, but in this case he did. He en
deavored to lead the jury to the opinion
that in the event Mrs. Fuhrig was con
victed the world would be deprived of a
breadwinner and homes would be sad
dened thereby, but in answer to this
Judge Murphy pointed to the homes that
had been ruined through her nefarious
calling and the homes that might be be
reft of a mother or a wife if she con
tinued plying her criminal trade. He did
not deny that she was a breadwinner, he
said, but he questioned her right to fill
grave after grave with young and prom
ising wives in her battle for existence.
When Judge Murphy closed his argu
ment the jury was instructed and retired
to deliberate on a verdict. In twenty
minutes it returned, the foreman an
nounced the verdict, "murder in the sec
ond degree," and recommended the con
vict to the mercy of the court. Mrs. Fuh
rig evinced no emotion, but tears filled
the eyes of many of the women in the
court, whether from gratitude over the
conviction or sorrow for the convicted is
not known. As soon as matters had
quieted down to some extent Judge Cook
set Saturday for sentence and the crowd
filed out. Mrs. Fuhrig was immediately
taken to Branch County Jail No. 3 to
await sentence.
"I consider the conviction of Mrs.
Fuhrig a victory," said Judge Murphy.
"The crime for which Mrs. Fuhrig must
pay the penalty is becoming fearfully
prevalent in this city and must be
stopped. It is a crime second to none in
the category of crimes, and those who
commit it are as depraved as he who way
lays and murders for the gold in his vic
tim's pocket. Twenty years ago I con
victed Mrs. Hodgdon, and for a time her
kind were afraid to practice their calling,
but again they became fearless. This
conviction, besides ridding the community
of this dangerous woman, will have its
moral effect as well, and who can say
the number of young women that, this
verdict will save from the grave— women
who would have taken this step had not
its dangers and the darkness of the tomb
been made known to them through the
trial and conviction of this woman, the
most notorious of her class.
"As an authority upon which I base
my statement that this crime is becom
ing fearfully prevalent, outside my own
knowledge, I can refer to the work of
Horatio P.. Storer, M. D., LL.B., who
says: 'We are compelled to acknowledge
not merely that criminal operations are
of alarming frequency among us, but that
its frequency is rapidly increasing, this
having been made apparent by each link
In the chain of evidence that has been
presented. Every effort that might pos
sibly check this flood of guilt, if de
layed, has so much the more to ac
complish. The crime is fast becoming, if
it has not already become, an estab
lished custom/less honored in the breach
than in the observance.' s"or these rea
sons I am gratified that a conviction was
had, and to sustain this conviction I will
devote all my energies." .
In the Divorce Court.
Charles H. Harrington has been granted
a divorce from Dehora A. Harrington for
desertion. William F. Schiller has sued
Emily Schiller for a divorce, alleging de
sertion as a cause of- action.
RAIN IMPROVES
REALTY MARKET
VERY RAPIDLY
Investments Getting
Scarce Downtown.
LARGE LOANS BEING MADE
BEAL ESTATE MEN ABE HOPE
FUL OVEB THE OUTLOOK.
■ ..f^' .'■:. fi yYYy V-
The General Bain Has Caused a Be
vival of Business and at Pres
ent Good Country Property
Is in Demand.
The real estate men were a happy lot
yesterday. It was plain that they were
receiving as much immediate benefit from
the rain as the country. There was but
one opinion among them and that was
that the prospects of California were
never better. It is evident that they hope
for a decided revival in business as a re
sult of the rain. The realty market for
the past few weeks has been steady, and
In fact it has been improving. This fact,
coupled with the coming of the rain,
makes them all the more jubilant.
A. M. Speck said that there was plenty
of money to be had, and in fact that it
was never easier. This, he argues, is
a good sign. Good investments down town
are getting very scarce, which shows that
money is being placed in real estate.
Large loans are being made at 6 per cent,
and besides a number of mortgages have
been lifted. These facts show that money
is plentiful. Speck & Co. have a large
number of sales on which they hope to
consummate within the next few weeks.
They report that the corner of O'Farrell
and Mason streets is soon to be improved
by a modern seven-story building. The
sale of the old Cambrian Dancing Hall on
Mission near Seventh street, for $23,000,
is also reported.
Thomas Magee & Sons also report some
small sales during the past week, and
they have in hand the consummation of
quite a number of others. Mr. Magee
is very hopeful over the outlook and is
of the opinion that the realty business
will take on a great activity in the near
future as a result of the rain. Madison
& Burke also report the market as hav
ing been firm and improving. Burnham
& Marsh Company have a number of
sales on hand for next week, and they
look for a decided improvement in the
realty business. Center & Spader say
that the market has been unchanged but
steady. They also have in view a num
ber of sales and are hopeful of a great
and immediate Improvement in their
business.
Never has the demand for country prop
erty been better, and this fact is taken
as a favorable sign. In a way the de
mand for out-of-town realty is taken as
an indication of the financial pulse of the
country, and judging from the present ac
tivity there is every reason to believe
that the prospect is bright and promis-
iner
Baldwin & Howell report the following
sales:
Lot 25x125, with improvements consisting of
two flats on the east side of Hartford street,
75 feet south of Eighteenth, price $3oW; the en
tire Homer's Addition, block I*6, 228x560 feet
in size— lot is bounded by Castro and
Dimond. Twenty-eighth and Valley streets;
lot and improvements consisting of three new
flats on the north side of Page street, 75 feet
cast of Fillmore, 25x100. price $So 00; lot on the
south side of Twenty-fourth street, SO feet
west Of Xoe, size 45x114, price $2250; lot and
improvements on the west line of Guerrero
street. 85 feet south of Seventeenth street, size
25x80. price $3500; the northeast corner of
Twenty-fifth and Shotwell streets, 2ox_s, price
$4750; lot and improvements on the west line
of Powell street, 71 feet north of BroadWay,
size 20:8x67:9, price $4200; lot and Improvements
on the north side of Page street, 75 feet east
of Clayton. 25x100, $3500.
- The same firm also report continued ac
tivity in the Sunset District, and many
houses are being- sold in the district
bounded by Seventh to Twelfth avenue
and from H to O street. A large amount
of street work has been done In this dis
trict lately, and more is now contem
plated. There has also been quite a few
houses erected in the last six months. All
of this has had a tendency to attract
buyers, and sales have been made as fol
lows:
Southeast corner Nineteenth avenue and M
street 25x120, price $400; lot on the east line
of Ninth avenue, 192 feet north of P street,
3' -9x167 price $375; lot and improvements con
sisting 'of a new cottage on the south side
of X street. 82 feet east of Tenth avenue,
price $1815; lot on the south side of O street,
8-"4 feet east of Eleventh avenue, 25x100, price
$250; lot on the east line of Nineteenth avenue,
'5 feet south of M street, 20x130, price $300;
lot on the west line of EiKhth avenue, 275
feet south of M street, 25x120, price $300; lot
on the west line of Tenth avenue, 2,0 feet
south of O street, size 25x120, price $2o0; lot
on the west line of Eighth avenue, 270 north
of O street, 37V_x120, price $475; lot on the east
line of Twelfth avenue, 125 north of I street,
25x120. price $850; lot on the east line of Tenth
avenue 275 feet south of O street, 50x100,
price $500; lot on the west line of Tenth avenue,
"5 feet south of O street, 25x100, price $250;
lot on the west line of Eighth avenue, 200
feet north of O street. 75x120, price $900; lot on
the south side of O street, 57:6 east of Elev
enth avenue, 25x100, price $250; lot on the east
line of Eleventh avenue, 300 feet south of O
street. 60x120, price $450; lot on the west line
ot Tenth avenue, 100 feet south of O street,
SOxl'M price $.00; northwest corner Ninth ave
nue" and O street, 25x100, price $575; lot on
the north side of M street, 53 feet east of
Tenth avenue, 25x100, price $500; lot on the
south side of O street, 100 feet west of Tenth
avenue, 32:6x100, price $300; lot on the west
aide of Tenth avenue, 200 feet south of O street.
50x120 price $500; lot on the east line of Ninth
avenue. 25 feet north of O street, 25x100, price
$400. ,
EXTENDING SIXTH STREET.
Opening of a New Thoroughfare
From North to South San
Francisco.
The cutting down of Irish Hill, south
of the Union Iron Works, upon which site
the Scotts will build additional structures
for the enlargement of their ship-building
plant, has been the means of extending
Sixth street. The grading of the ground
tor the proposed new buildings was done
by the Potrero Land and Development
Company, and at the same time this com
pany obtained the contract for the exten
sion of Sixth .street from Channel bridge
to Kentucky street.
The work is now completed on both
contracts and the teamsters and others
whose business takes them to and from
the Potrero and South San Francisco will
have an additional roadway direct from
the center of the city to the Union Iron
Works, sugar refinery and other manufac
turing industries on that side of the Mis
sion channel without being compelled to
get there by the way of the Fourth street
bridge. ' '
This new roadway will be hailed with
delight by those whose business lies in
this direction because of the unpleasant
ness of being compelled frequently to wait
for several minutes at the drawbridge
while lumber and hay schooners are go
ing from the outer into the inner bay
through the drawbridge. This, together
with the obstacles at the railroad cross
ings at Fourth and Townsend streets, has
almost been sufficient to make the Fourth
street route useless. The new street will
therefore, become the principal driveway
between the two sections of the city It
will require, however, about one year for
the newly made ground to become suffi
ciently settled before it can be paved In
the meantime it will be open for travel by
the Ist of April. '
MEADOW LARKS ARE GAME.
Matteo Campagno Convicted of Offer
ing Them for Sale.
Matteo Campagno, dealer in game and
poultry, Clay Street Market, was yester
day convicted by Judge Mogan on a
charge of offering meadow larks for sale
out of season. He will appear for sen
tence this morning, when notice of ap
peal will likely be given.
It was contended £01; the defense that
meadow larks were not included in the
slate llw. but the Judge pointed . out that
there was in existence an old ordinance
specially referring to meadow larKs ana
he did not think it conflicted with the
State law. The defendant then pleaded
Ignorance of the law, but the Judge saia
that was no excuse^
AROUND THE.
CORRIDORS.
Dr. J. J. Powers of Denver is a guest
at the Grand.
H. R. McNoble, a Stockton attorney, Is
a guest at the Grand.
J. W. Kidwell. a Salt Lake business
man, is staying at the Russ.
L. G. Nesmith. the San Jose banker, is
at the Palace with his wife.
J. L. Hartman. a Portland business
man, is a guest at the Grand.
A. B. Butler, the Fresno vineyardist,
will be at the "Palace for a few days.
Seymour Waterhouse, a mining man of
Placer County, is registered at the Cali
fornia.
Charles E. Uren, a mining man of Grass
Valley, is at the Lick in company with
his wife.
G. I- Goodman, a banker of Napa, is
at the Palace, accompanied by his wife
and daughter.
George H. Kraft, a banker of Red Bluff,
and Hugh Maulden, a prominent Sacra
mentan, are at the Lick.
J. W. Dayton, a business man of
Eureka, who has come to this city to buy
his spring stock of goods, is at the Grand.
H. I. Bergance of Washington, who has
come to this coast on special duty for the
Navy Department, is registered at the
California.
W. H. Hearen, a Randsburg mining
man; A. L. Battle, a Sissons lumber
dealer, and O. C. McFarland, a San Jose
attorney, are among the arrivals at the
Russ.
George H. Ballou, a San Diego mer
chant; George H. Stewart, a Los An
geles banker, and B. M. Hartley, a Vaca
ville fruit grower, are among the arrivals
at the Grand.
I CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, March 15.— W. E. Carroll
of San Francisco is at the Fifth Avenue.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, March 15.— W. H. Den
ing of San Francisco Is at Willard's.
Captain A. T. Barrett of San Francisco
was in Washington to-day, en route to
New York, where he will sail for Europe
on Friday.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
MRS. HERMAN OELRICHS— J. J..
City. The New York city residence of
Mrs. Herman Oelrichs is at No. 453 Fifth
avenue. iff fly
UNITED STATES SUPREME COURT
—Subscriber, City. Melville W. Fuller of
Illinois is the Chief Justice of the Su
preme Court of the United States. Joseph
McKenna of California is one of the As
sociate Justices of that court.
PART PAYMENT— City. You
ask for an opinion in regard to the part
payment of a note the receipt of which
payment is acknowledged, but not having
the language of that receipt it is not pos
sible to answer the question asked.
FALSE LABELS— R., City. A man who
puts up a medicine In this city and places
upon it a label to create the impression
that it was manufactured in a foreign
country is guilty of fraud and would be
liable, in California, to punishment for
misdemeanor. The same would apply to
wine bottled in this State and falsely la
beled. yy.yy -
OKLAHOMA— J. L., Isleton, Cal. Th»
Governor of Oklahoma Territory is C. M.
Barnes and his address is Guthrie. With
out knowing where your brother was
when last heard from by you it is im
possible to direct you to whom you should
write for information. ' If you will give
the name of the city, town or village in
which he was when you heard from him
last, this department will be able to an
swer your question.
THE PHILIPPINES— Enq., City. The
j Philippine Islands were discovered by Ma
! gellan in 1521. The Spaniards took posses-
I sion of the islands a few years later, and
I Cebu or Zebu, on the island of that name
j four hundred miles southeast of Manila,
I became the chief Spanish settlement until
I 1681; when Manila was started, and that
; became the seat of the Spanish Govern
i ment and remained such until the United
States captured the place.
THE RULES OF CASINO— City. In
the game of casino a player may not alter
his build; that is, if A and B are playing,
A plays a five, placing it on a four, he
calls it nine, and If B does not take it up
he is not allowed to add an ace to his
build and call it ten, but he may, before
taking that up, make another build; say,
place his ace on an eight and call that
nine, or he may play a card or take sev
eral cards by combination, but he must
comply with one of these conditions or
take up his first build. If the player has
built up a card, and has in his hand more
than one card of the same denomination
as his build, and his opponent leaves the
build undisturbed, the player may play one
Of these cards upon the cards constituting
the build at the same time repeating his
announcement of the denomination of the
build, and the card so played is equiva
lent to a call. This may be done a sec
ond time before taking up the build. That
is to say, A has three fours and an ace
in his hand, and there is a three on the
table. A may play his ace on the three and
make it four; if it remains undisturbed he
may play a four from his hand on the
build and call it fours, not four; if that Is
not taken, he may play another four on
the build and still call it fours before tak
ing up the build. Each of the fours bo
played on a build has all the immunities
of a call. ."- .v- y.y
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. y» .
There are more medical men in London
than in all Scotland and Ireland together,
and in those two countries the number
has actually decreased during the past
year. . _
California Limited,
Santa Fe Route. Leaves Sundays, Tuesdays
and Fridays. Elegant service. Vestlbuled
sleepers, observation cars. Harvey's Dining
Cars through from California to Chicago with
out change. Get full particulars at company's
otflce. £-S Market st. •
Angostura Bitters, prepared by Dr. J. G. B.
Siegert for his private use, has become famous
as the best appetizing tonic.
There are some 60.000 costermongers who
carry on business in the streets of Lon
don. Their capital is supposed to be $250,
--000 while they are said to do a trade dur
ing the year of three millions. The profits
of this turnover are about a million.
Baking Powder
Made from pure
cream of tartar.
j Safeguards the food
against alum*
j Alum baking powders are the greater
menacers to health of the present day.
L ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., NEW YORK.
*"*' W, * l '* p, ' ii » HI m , m 'THREE YOUTHFUL
BURGLARS RUN
FOR LIBERTY
s
Captured After a Long
Lively Chase.
SURPRISED WHILE AT WORK
BROKE INTO THE RESIDENCE OF
JUDAH BOAS.
Failing to Stop Them, Henry
Schwartz Fires a Shot at the
Fugitives "Without
Effect.
Locked up in separate cells in the City
• prison are two young men who. the police
uce strongly suspect of being responsible
111 V" unn "- ° bur *^ies committed in
the Western Addition. Their names are
Hugo, alias Frank Forrest and Alfred
Gannon^ hey Were surprised last even
l t-* n the act of ransacking the
residence of Judah Boas, the lottery
a S e "- a t I*B O'Farrell street, and ar
rested after a shot had been fired at
tnem.
. A little after 6 o'clock Mr. Boas re
turned home, accompanied by Henry
Schwartz, the pool seller. Forrest. Gan
non and another young man. who man
aged to escape, were in the house at the
«me. Picking up several bundles con
taining shoes and clothing, the youthful
burglars started to escape. They ran
f™% O'Farrell street pursued by Bo^
and schwartz As the latter was gaining
on | orrest the young crook placed his
hand in his right hip pocket as if to draw
a revolver.
, Thinking he intended to shoot Schwartz
;drex his pictol and fired a shot over the
'young man's head. The report of the
weapon attracted the attention of Police
Officers Brown and Barry, who were in
the immediate vicinity, and catching a
glimpse of the fleeing criminals, they
joined the pursuit. .-.--. a chase of
several blocks the officers succeeded in
overhauling Forrest and Gannon.
. Their companion managed to escape. Tn
their flight the burglars dropped the
clothing and shoes they had stolen. On
being searched it the City Prison a razor
belonging to Boas was found in the pos
session of Forrest. They were charged
with burglary.
Forrest is not unknown to the police.
Several months ago he was discovered
ransacking a house on Buchanan "street
■and arrested after a long chase. Not
withstanding that hi£ sruilt was clearly
proven a sympathetic Police Judge dis
missed the "charge against him. Forrest
is only 19 years of age. but according to
the police he is determined to break into
jail. Gannon has never been arrested
here before. The police claim they know
the third party and confidently expect
to arrest him to-day.
ARTHUR DIOSY HERE.
Author of "The New Far East" on
His Way to Japan.
Arthur Diosy. the English author, ar
rived in this city with his wife from Lon
don yesterday morning and took apart
ments at the Palace. Mr. Diosy has been
brought into considerable prominence in
the world of literature by the recent pub
lication of his book, "The New Far
East.'' He w.ill go to Japan in search of
further information regarding the char
acteristics of the Japanese, which he has
treated in so interesting a manner in his
latest nook. ;'; y. 'y'
: : Mr. Diosy is one of the founders and vice
chairman of the Council of the Japanese
Society of London, which has for its pur
pose the acquiring of knowledge in the
Orient. It is for the purpose of gather
ing additional facts that Mr. Diosy is now
on his way to the land of the "little
brown man." and a new book will un
doubtedly be the result of his investiga
tions.
AUGUSTUS P. RUSS' WILL.
Leaves His Widow a Life Interest in
His Entire Estate.
The will of Augustus P. Russ. or.? of
the family interested in an estate in this
city, of which the Russ House is a part. ;
who died in Dresden, Germany, on Janu- ,
ary ii, was filed for probate yesterday. j
The petition for probate of the will states j
that decedent's estate exceeds $10,000 in I
value, its exact value being unknown.
The will, which was executed in this city j
in IST4, a codicil being- annexed in Ger- i
. . . =^-
ADVEBTISEMENTS. ___ — -
© © © -©-©-©—©-©-©-©-©— ©-©-©— ©-©-©-©-©-•-•-•-^
I #-A/\' ELECTRIC ?
. P*^m ' BELTS! I
TS Jf ) / \ In buying an Electric Belt there are two ©
- Am 13-' * £ - 1 f V ways of placing yourself on aa exact level I
9 r^ I ■? ><_. with the gentleman whose open counten- £
•* I • I I v VJ'-Jt ance Is depicted on our left. I
- © filf'rJt ft N=**_-_Sfc»*__J The first is to allow yourself to be per-
• I , /Xl J"V I * V -^KT suaded by a quack to part with from $30 W
' I VV yr 1 W to $50 in exchange for an old-fashioned !
9 \ / il ' Belt, actually not worth more than $5. and ©
J a JN-D the second method is to stumble into a (
-* ,_ . J '/ „ m drug store and pay from $10 to $20 for some —
I S" * -m^^f J ■** so-called Electric Belt that has cost the *»
JL / ' 4 . • IIMPOSBa druggist about $1 25 at wholesale. I
9.1 "\ i Vow, the RIGHT way to do when you ©
I 1 , d f\ UPON want a GOOD Electric Belt. Is to look up |
A 8 % '//■»„ seme reliable flrm that MAKES Belts. ft
i- . \ I I It* "-> Well we make 'em. at from $3 50 to $23 W
_v f\ \ V ]in S 7 ) each and have been established 2. years. !
9 IJ \ A. ffi ft iJcJ/ Come and see us, or send 2 cents in stamps ©
6 l / — "\ v> I 'V<> for "Booklet No. 2." Address . |
\W-M^Sf^ PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., {
** . 620 MARK-T STREET ?
Q_ r ' (Opposita Palace Hotal;, S. F. 9
many in 1576, dispoees of the estate as j
follows: To Maria A. Rdss. decedent's \
widow, a life interest in the estate, pro
viding that she does not remarry. On .
her death the entire estate is to be di
vided among her three children Daisy M.
S. Illing, Elinor P. Heidenrich and En
rich Russ.
WILL BE TAUGHT . A LESSON.
Inebriate Has Two Women Arrested
for Robbing Him and Wili Be
Punished for Contempt.
R. A. Molloy. a blacksmith living at the
St. George lodging house. Sl2 Kearny
street, raised a tremendous row early
yesterday morning by charging two wo
men, also living in the house, with rob
bing him of a purse containing $17. He
locked the women in a room and went
in search of a policeman. He met Po
liceman Cavanaugh and demanded that
he should go to the house and arrest the
women. As he was considerably under the
Influence of liquor, Cavanaugh began to
question him and was threatened with the
loss of his star.
Cavanaugh finally arrested the two wo
men and Molloy accompanied them to the
California street station. There he re
lented toward one of the women * who is
a cook and supports herself and six-year
old child, and she was sent home, but a
charge of grand larceny was preferred
against the other, who gave her .me as
Lizzie White. _, , ,
The case was called in Judge Conlan s
court yesterday and Molloy refused to
prosecute, as he had found the purse and
the money in his own room. He was so
drunk that he thought he had been
robbed and called in the policeman.
The Judge severely lectured Molloy for
his conduct, and said he was guilty of
trifling with the police and the court. He
had two innocent women arrested and
taken to prison because he was drunk
and thought he had been robbed. H.
would make an example of him and or
dered him into custody for contempt of
court. He will learn his fate this mora,
ing.
CONCRETE INSTEAD OF TILES
Government Decides Upon a Flooring
for Federal Buildings.
The efforts of the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association to have changes
made in the plans for the new Federal
building so that local manufacturers of
hollow tiling may Md upon the contracts
have brought a reply from Washington.
! On the Sth inst. . dispatch was sent to
; Congressman Loud asking him to see
Supervising Architect Taylor with a view
: of making alterations in the plans, which
call for concrete flooring throughout the
i building. Yesterday President Sbarboro
received a letter from Mr. Loud, includ
, ing one from Mr. Taylor, which practical
!ly settles the matter. Mr. Taylor says,
■ under date of the Sth Inst., that after due
1 consideration it was decided to use the
i concrete system of flooring; that the iron-
I work and tie rods had been placed to con
j form with such method and would not
! accommodate satisfactorily terra-cotta
j floor arches.
I Notwithstanding the chilling effect of
I this letter, the officers of the association
: are determined that the hollow tile to
; dustry shall be recognized by the Govern
: ment in future public buildings, several
■of which are to be constructed before
i long. Manager Goodwin yesterday said:
i "In the hope that this local industry may
j receive proper recognition in the prepa
; ration of specifications for the new public
buildings at Oakland, Stockton and else
where in the State, the- Manufacturers'
and Producers' elation has forward
ed an argument in favor of hollow tiling
to the Supervising Architect of the Treas
ury."
■ m m
A CELEBRATION FOR CHARITY
Proceeds of St. Patrick's Day Cele-
bration Go to Youths' Directory.
St. Patrick's day will be celebrated in
this city not by gorgeous parades and
sumptuous banquets, but by two grand
entertainments for the purposes of char
ity. The convention of Irish-American
societies of San Francisco have arranged
the first to be held at the Tivoli Opera
House in the afternoon, and the second
will occur at the Mechanics' Pavilion in
the evening.
At the Tivoli performance Sir Julius
Benedict's romantic Irish opera, "The
Lily of Kiliarney." will be presented in
addition to a limited programme of liter
ary- exercises. The evening entertain
ment will begin at . o'clock and a flne
bill has been prepared.
The proceeds will be devoted to ths
Youths' Directory. During the past year
its treasury has been depleted in accom
gy.g its charitable work, and it is
oped that to-morrow's entertainment
will enjoy a liberal patronage.
Six hundred youths, who were homeless
and some of them more or less inclined
to evil, have be«n set on the straight
paths of life by the reverend fathers in
charge of the directory, and its commend
able efforts are known to every citizen
of San Francisco. The homeless waifs
are given shelter regardless of creed or
color, and efforts in their behalf have
been in nearly all cases successful.
Secretary of Agriculture Wilson
gives some very important advice to
American Farmers in next Sunday's
Call.
Suggest Loan of a Fire Engine.
The Fire Commissioners, in a communi
cation to the Board of Supervisors yes
terday recommended .the loan of an old
engine to residents 'of Sutro Heights
district until such time as permanent pro
tection against fire can be provided.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 16, 1899.
OFFICER HERLIHY
SAYS MR. ADAMS
BOUGHT POISON
Saw Her Tear Label
From a Bottle.
IDENTIFICATION IS POSITIVE
: EVIDENCE AGAINST THE AL
LEGED MURDERESS.
; Policeman's Statement Is Partially
Corroborated by Drug Clerk
George Purlenky — Purchaser
Gives a Fictitious Name.
Officer John P. Herlihy of the O'Faxrell
street station is prepared to swear that
he saw Mrs. Minnie Adams stand on the
corner of Geary and Devisadero streets, in
front of £*~>orge W. Loehr's drugstore,
Sunday _..«_ht and tear the label from a
bottle of carbolic acid which she had
just purchased. The officer's statement,
; which is corroborated in part by George
! Purlenky, the drug clerk, who sold the
poison, will go far toward convincing a
jury that the woman held as a prisoner
\in the City Prison murdered her two
j year-old son by fore:-.? the deadly fluid
; down its throat, notwithstanding her posi
i tive statement that she was not out of the
i house all day Sunday. Herlihy was
i standing on the corner at 8:45 p. m.. when
1 a woman came out of the drugstore with
I a small package in her hand. She
j passed within a foot of him and stopped
on the curbstone to wait for a Geary
street car. There was no car in sight,
; and after nervously glancing up and
down the street the woman hurriedly un
wrapped the package and tore the label
, from the bottle, throwing the little scraps
' of paper into the gutter.
The attention of the officer was at
tracted to the woman by her peculiar ac
tions and as she _*ood in the full glare
of the li-rht from the store for several
minutes before her car appeared he had
ample opportunity to note her appear
ance As Herlihy stood in the shadow of
the building the woman did not see him
■ until just before she stepped aboard the
car Herlihy then proceeded to pick up
; the' scraps of paper trom the gutter. The
firet one his hand came in contact with
had the word "Poison" printed in big
time across its face. He took the scraps
taw the™ tore and asked the clerk what
the man had purchased. Purlenky
'aid shf had bought a three-ounce bottle
of »Wen? l you £ h d ad better keen these .pieces
of paper?' irked the officer.- 'They
may come in handy, as I would not be
prised if that woman committed sui
cide from the way she acted.
; The label is a bright red and reads as
j follows:
! CARBOLIC ACID. poISO X. CAUTION!
Anti^otes-Em'tics made by mixing: one
sSirSnir-vws- _s___£
whisky or other stimulant..
GEORGE W. LOEHR. Pharmacist.
! Corner G^ry and Devisadero, San Francisco
When Herlihy read the account of the
murdlr of the child and the arrest of its
S-other Tuesday his thoughts reverted to
the incident of the night before, and when
he reported off duty in the evening he
imparted his suspicions to Sergeant Har
per The latter notified Detective Gra
i film and Sergeant Duke, who have been
i de 4«tfrd°a y morning Herlihy and Purlen
:kv visited the City Prison / or the pur
! Jose of identifying M«. Adams as the
woman who purchased the poison, ber
' geant Duke warned them to be careful as ,
a woman's life was at stake, and then
said he proposed to bring several wtoen
before them in order that the identifica
tion, if made at all. might be positive
• Mrs Adams was the first woman called
! obit and as soon as Herlihy got a good
I look at her he' said:
"You need not bring out any more, tnis
Is the woman I saw.'
"Didn't you see me at the corner of
- Geary and Devisadero streets Sunday
night" hp added, addressing the woman.
"No- I was not out of the house Sunday
'< night,' and I never saw you before," re
: plied Mrs. Adams positively.
"I guess you did, remarked the officer,
I as the woman was led back to her cell.
! Purlenky said that while Mrs. Adams
' looked very much like the- woman who
! § urchased the carbolic acid he could not
c positive that she was the one.
"Women often come into the store for
carbolic acid," he explained, "and I did
not take particular notice of her appear
ance. She did not act nervously and
when I asked her what she wanted the
poison for she said she wanted to use it
as a douche. She gave her name and
address as Mrs. Creighton, 325 Point Lo
bos avenue."
There is a vacant lot at that address,
and there is no party named Creighton
living anywhere in that vicinity. Officer
Herlihy says that when he saw the
woman in front of the drug store she
was dressed exactly as was Mrs. Adams
at the time of her arrest, with the one
exception that she then wore a black
cape of some woolly material trimmed
with fur, instead of a black jacket. De
tective Graham and Sergeant Duke have
as yet been unable to find the cape, al
though the garment is recognized as an
; Important piece of evidence.
George Tyrrell. Mrs. Adam's eldest
L brother, says he left the house on Parkec
avenue a few minutes before 8 o'clock |
Sunday night. His sister was at home :
at that time. John Tyrrell, a younger j
brother, also says his sister was at home
when he retired for the night, "about" an
hour later. The father of the woman
was unable to say whether his daughter
was in the house all the evening or not.
The more the police have to do with the
Tyrrells the less confidence they place in
their statements. They are well pleased
with the progress thus far made in the
case, and believe they will eventually
succeed in proving the woman guilty of
the brutal murder of her offspring.
The conductors and gripmen of every
car that passed the corner of Geary and
Devisadero streets from 8:35 to 8:53 on
Sunday night have been questioned as to
whether they could identify the woman
who boarded a car at that place at 8:45
o'clock. They all declared they could not
recollect, so the police will not be able
to make use of them as witnesses as de
sired. The men interviewed are:
Conductors— W. H. Wallace. A. M. Cu!
len. M. Herrington. T. Wiessand. W. S.
Rahr and F. Peterson. Gripmen— l.
Rumbel. Jacobson, E. F. Brown. C. S.
Roles, F. Stanley and A. F. Nelson.
The funeral of the little victim of the
tragedy was held yesterday from the un
dertaker's parlors to which the remains
had been removed from the Morgue. Wil
son Gray, the child's father and the
mother's accuser, was the sole mourner.
Mrs. Adams appeared to feel hurt last
night because she had not been allowed
to attend the funeral, but the police de
clare she never expressed a desire to see
her child from the time she was placed
behind the bars.
Mrs. Adams was caught talking to her
brother. Harrison Tyrrell, through a
crack in the partition at the City Prison
Tuesday night, and as a result she was
removed to a cell in the woman's ward
where it will be impossible for her to
communicate with him.
Owing to the fact that Coroner Hill will
not return to the city until this after
noon the inquest has been posponed until
to-morrow morning at 10 o'clock.
Drowned in the Bay.
Richard A. Fitzgerald, father of John
PriQcipal Witnesses Against Mrs. Adams, Accused
of Murdering Her Child.
Fitzgerald, who was drowned in the bay •
a short time ago, having fallen therein
from the steamer Morgan City, filed suit
yesterday against the Risdon Iron and
Locomotive Works to recover 125.000 dam
ages for the death of the deceased. It
is contended that the deceased was em
ployed by the defendant corporation re
pairing the vessel; that he was compelled
to work until late in the evening, and
that when he went to leave the steamer
there were no lights to guide him to the ,
gang plank. In consequence he lost his
bearings, fell overboard and was i
drowned. The Coroner's jury returned a
verdict finding that death was due to ac- .
cident caused by the negligence of the
defendant corporation for hot providing
lights. Hence the suit.
Charles H. Watt's Estate.
The inventory and appraisement in the
estate of the late Charles H. Watt was
filed yesterday. The appraisers, Charles
Gross. Merton C. Allen and George R.
Sanderson, find the estate to be worth
. $164.-'
Porous Piasters
get the RIGHT PLASTER
There are others, but you don't want
them. When you need a plaster you
need it, and there's no time for experi-
menting and finding out mistakes after-
*■_> o
ward.
* Allcock's Poßors Plastees are quick
and sure, and acknowledged by the high-
est medical authorities and everybody
else to be the best remedy for pains and
aches of every description.
Do not be persuaded to accept a sub-
stitute. AUcock's have no equal.
MERCHANTS
DISCUSS THE
SANTA FE BILL
Hear Arguments For
and Against.
THEY REACH NO CONCLUSION
DISCUSSION WILL BE RESUMED
AGAIN THIS MORNING.
A Delegation Headed by Mayor Phe
lan Will Visit the Capital City
and Will Appear Before
Governor Gage. ,
The executive committee of the anti
funding committee, which sprang Into
existence when the late Adolph Sutro was
waging war against C. P. Huntington, met
yesterday afternoon in the office of Mayor
Phelan.
The object of the meeting was to discuss
the Santa Fe bill, which has passed both
houses of the Legislature and needs but
the signature of Governor Gage to become
a law. The Chief Executive designated
Friday morning as the time at which he
would hear arguments for and against the
measure. The Merchants* Association
and the Traffic Association have each filed
objections to the bill and it is to have
these thoroughly gone into that the Gov
ernor has decided to give the parties at
interest a hearing. It is held by those
favoring the bill that the objections
originally raised by the various associa
tions were in the original bill and not as
it was amended before it was finally
passed.
At the meeting yesterday the opposition
to the bill was conducted by Attorney
Francis Pope, who represented John T.
Doyle, the implacable foe of the railroad.
Mayor Phelan presided and among others
present were: Hugh Craig, president of
the Chamber of Commerce: G. K. Fitch,
C. A. Murdoch. Attorney Murphy, J. R.
Freur.d. Attorney E. F. Preston, Mr. Pay
son and W. A. Blssell. Mr. Pope in his
argument held that the Santa Fe was be
ing made a catspaw by the Southern Pa
cific and that eventually the latter cor
poration would become a purchaser of the
Valley road, which is the bone of conten
tion.
Mr. Preston, who bore the brunt of the
defense, read from Supreme Court de
cisions and claimed that this State was
fifty years behind the times. He said
other States encouraged the capitalists to
build roads and spend money, while this
State apparently threw a damper on all
enterprise. The movement of the Santa
Fe and the object of the bill was to effect
a consolidation of fragments of railroads,
as far as this State can. to make a great
transcontinental road and give the people
of this coast a competing road. The Santa
Fe has a Federal franchise, but seeks a
State one, as without it. Mr. Preston
stated, It had no right to collect tolls.
The committee reached no conclusion in
the matter before it and adjourned until
11 a. m. to-day- -when argument will be re
sumed. It was determined to ask Gov
ernor Gage to postpone his hearing of the
matter until Saturday afternoon. This
will permit of the delegation from this
city going to the capital on Saturday
morning. __^_____^__
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
.Bush and Larkin ets. Swimming;. Russian, hat
and cold tub baths. Salt water direct from ocean.
MIDWEEK NOTES
• OF THE ACTOR WORLD
Naturally the opera season is a strong
opposition to the regular theaters, but
still they are making out a fairly success
ful week. At the Columbia Blanche
Walsh and Melbourne MacDowell are giv
ing a strong performance of "Fedora."
The ever-popular Bostonians open Mon
day night in "Rob Roy." The sale com
mences this morning.
At the Tfvoli "The Pretty Poacher"
will play all week, to be followed by a
revival of "The Mikado." A special St.
Patrick's Day performance of "The Lily
of Killarne'y" will be given on Friday
afternoon for the benefit of the Youths'
Directory.
"A Social Highwayman" is receiving an
attractive performance at the hands of
the Alcazar company. A Lyceum Thea
ter play by the name of "Nerves" fol
lows, .r-i-y-y
"Dewey, the Hero of Manila," is still
running at the Alhambra. to be followed
Monday by Agnes Herndon in "La Belle
Marie."
"Winton, the ventriloquist. Is the special
hit of the big new bill at the Orpheum.
Another amateur cakewalk at the
Chutes to-night.
Vaudeville and gravity horses are the
attractions at the Steeplechase.
AjyV-ERTISIfS[ENT3.
JEaRTEKSI
SICK HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
.Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
. Small Price. _____
yy.
_H__9^_t_B__BH*__H__K_K_3_fl_B_B m
HI a EOPLE bay Ramblers because *p§
|<J they hare trusted the Rambles: £,
£_J builders for ao years. ty
nij When Ram bless cost $i_o, and 'tf
§f§ later $100, people purchased tf
Pa cheaper wheels for economy. tf<
g With RAMBLERS at S^tO M
||j it would be false economy to jp-|
gl boy any other sort of wheeL E3
feS Came and see samples, R3
MBPBB_aß_mmß_aJ
1 THOS. H. B. VARNEY, 1
I THOS. H. B. VARNEY,
| Market & 10th Sts., San Francisco. I
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
Morosco Amusement Co., Inc., Lessee.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SEASON OF
GRAND OPERA
In French and Italian, by the
ELLIS OPERA COMPANY
NEW YORK SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA.
Enlarged Chorus and Ballet!
Evening performances at 3 sharp. Mati-
nees at 2.
TO-NIGHT— "AIDA." in Italian: De-
but of MME. GADSKI and 810. CEPPI.
Mmca. Olitzka and Mattfeld. MM. De Vries.
Boudouresque. Stehmann. Van Boose. Con-
ductor. SeppUli. Friday evening, "CARMEN."
with De Lussan and Gadski and debut of Bon-
nard. Saturday matinee. "BARBER OF SE-
VILLE," Melba as Rosina.
PRICES 15. $■». $3. $2, according- to location.
Box seats $13. A limited number of general
admission tickets $2. General admission to
gallery $1.
REPERTOIRE FOR THE SECOND AND
, LAST WEEK— Monday. March 20. "LES
HUGUENOTS" in French. Joint appearance
of Melba. De Lussan and Qadskt NO AD-
VANCE IN" PRICES FOR THIS PERFORM-
ANCE. Tuesday. March 21. last performance
of "LA SCHEME" In Italian with Melba and
De Lussan. Wednesday, March 22. opera to
be announced. Thursday, March 23, "ROMEO
ET JULIETTE" in French. First appearance
here of Mm-. Melba as Juliette. Friday.
March 24, last evening performance. "CAR-
MEN" in French, with De Lussar. and Gadski.
Saturday afternoon, last matinee. DOUBLE
BILL. "LUCIA" in Italian, with Melba as
Lucia, and "PAGLIACCI" in Italian, with
Chalia. THE SALE OF SEATS OPEN AT
THE BOX OFFICE THIS (THURSDAY)
MORNING AT 9 CLOCK. '
ALCAZAR_JTHEATER.
A GENUINE HIT.
1 O'iNlvlll 1 ENTIRE "WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY.
First Time at Alcazar
PRICES - - - v- ■ 15c 25c, 35c, 53c
A SOCIAL
HIGHWAYMAN!
ALL NEW SCENERY AND EFFECTS.
Next Week— New York Lyceum Theater
Hit. -NERVES."
CHUTES AND ZOO !
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
ETHEL LYNWOOD,
• THE ''HUMAN KNOT."
And a HOST OF NOVELTIES in the FREE
Yy'y THEATER.
TO-NIGHT— AMATEUR NIGHT!
AMATEUR CAKE WALK!
RESERVED SEATS ON .ALE AT THE EM-
PORIUM.
See the LIVING OSSIFIED MAN!
AUSTRALIAN IGUANAS in the ZOO!
. Ute. Includin* Zoo and Theater; Children. Ac ; ,
DR. KILMER'S REMEDIES.
Parsnip Complexion.
A majority of the ills afflicting people
I to-day can be traced to kidney trouble.
j It pervades all classes of society, in all
| climates, regardless of age, sex or con-
dition.
The sallow, colorless-looking people
you often meet are afflicted with "kid-
ney complexion." Their Scidneys are
turning to a parsnip color, so is their
complexion.' They may suffer from in-
digestion, j bloating, sleeplessness, uric
acid, gravel, dropsy, rheumatism, ca-
tarrh of the bladder, or irregular heart.
You may depend upon it, the cause is
weak, unhealthy kidneys.
Women as well as men are made mis-
erable with kidney and bladder trouble
and both need the same remedy. Dr,
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the great kid*
ney, liver and bladder remedy, will
build up and strengthen weak and un-
healthy kidneys, purify the diseased,
kidney-poisoned blood, clear the com-
plexion and soon help the sufferer to
better health.
The mild and the extraordinary ef-
fect of Swamp-Root is soon realized.
It stands the highest for its wonderful
cures of the most distressing cases,
such as weak kidneys, catarrh of the
bladder, gravel, rheumatism and
Bright's Disease, which is the worst
form of kidney trouble. It is sold by
druggists, in fifty-cent and dollar sizes.
You may have a sample bottle by mall
free, also pamphlet telling all about It.
Address Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton,
N. Y.
When writing please mention read-
ing this generous offer in the San Fran-
cisco Daily Call.
==========================
AMUSEMENTS.
ST. PATRICK'S DAY CELEBRATION
By the Convention of Irish-American Societies
c. San Francisco. Friday, March IT, 1839.
Afternoon Performance at the Tiroli Optra-Hsu.*,
COMMENCING AT 2 O'CLOCK.
Overture, '-Irish Airs" Tivoli Orchestra
Under direction of Mr. Max Htrschfeld.
Opening address by the President of the
Day JOHN J. BARRETT ESQ.
I Poem EUSTACE CULLINAN ESQ.
Oration HON. FRANK T. SHEA
! Monologue MR. EDWIN" STEVENS
! Sir Jules Benedict's Romantic Irish Opera la
Three Acts, Entitled
•'THE LILY OF KILLARNEY"
{THE COLLEEN BAWN.)
j Founded on Dion Boucicault's Famous Play.
Cast— O'Connor, the Colleen Bawn, An-
-1 nic ■> Myers; Anne Chute, the heiress. El via
CM*; Mrs. Cregan. Hardress* mother. Ber-
nice Holmes: Sheelah, Danny Mann's mother.
Crissie. Stockmeyer; Hardress Cregan, Rhys
Thomas; Myles Na Coppaleen. "Arthur Boyce;
Danny Mann, the cripple. William Pruette;
Mr. Corrigan. a middleman, Phil Branson;
Father Tom, the parish priest, Harry Rich-
ards; Kyrle Daly, J. P. Wilson; Bertie
! O' Moore, Joseph B. Fogarthy (friends of Har-
I dress); Dennis, a servant, Fred Kavanaugh.
! Guests, huntsmen, servants, etc.
Act Scene L exterior of Tore Cregan;
! scene 2, the Gap of Dunloe; scene 3, Eily's
: cottage. Act ll— Scene 1. the Gap of Dnnloe;
scene 2. the old Weir bridge; scene 3, the cave.
Incidental to Act U. specialty by Master Ar-
nold Grazer. Act lll— Ballroom of Castl'.
Chute. Scenery by Oscar L. Fest. Produced
unde- direction of Mr. George E. Lask.
, ADMISSION (including reserved seat) 500
Evening Sxerois*- at sis Mechanics Pavilion,
COMMENCING AT 8 O'CLOCK.
Grand musical festival and promenade con-
: cert. '' r stereopticon views of Ireland and
America and grand chorus of 500 voices. Or-
chestral programme and views under the direc-
tion of George W. Bennett; grand chorus an-
I der the direction of Prof. J. W. McKenzle.
Overture, "Orpheus," Offenbach; "God Save
Ireland." grand chorus of SOU voices: skirmish
: drill, Company D, League of th" Cross Cadets.
1 Captain I. D. Dwyer, commanding; cornet
I bolo, "Eileen Aroon." William Mahood: stere-
opticon views of Irish scenery and historic
places; grand selection, "Marilana." Wallace;
! "Kiliarney," grand chorus; O'Connor &
Kellehsr's Irish dancing school: Irish reel.
Misses May and Annie Kavanagh: Irish horn-
| pipe. Misses Julia Malloy and Ethel Kimball;
! song and dance. Miss Maggie Bassett: horn-
• pipe and jig. Miss Pearl Hickman: song and
! dance. Master Arnold Grazer; Irish hornpipe
and jig. O'Connor and Kelieher, music by Pro-
I fessors McCarthy and McMahon; "Dear Little
' Shamrock." grand chorus; reminiscences of
Ireland. Bennett's band: stereopticon views of
j Ireland and patriotic American views; "My
; Own Dearest Boy," grand chorus, words by
i Mr. T. Sullivan, music by Professor J. W.
; McKenzle, dedicated to the Youths' Directory;
■ grand American fantasie. Bennett's band;
"The Star Spangled Banner." grand chorus,
in which the audience is invited to join. •
TICKETS. 25c SOLD AT BOX OFFIC,,.
COLUMBIAJHEATER.
LAST 4 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
BLANCHE WALSH,
MELBOURNE MACDOWELL
And the Melbourne MacDowell Company.
Sardou's Great Drama,
FEDORA,
EXTRA ! — SEATS NOW READY.
BOSTONIANS.
First Time Here of the Romantic Opera.
"ROB ROY."
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT.
| 1 ■
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krehng. Proprietor and Mgr.
THIS EVENING AT 8:10.
The Comedy Opera,
ThePRETTY POACHER
Brimful of Mirth and Melody.
TO-MORROW AFTERNOON AT 2
. ,ST. PATRICK'S DAY) — «
' — "': Special Performance
"LILY OF KH-LAKNEY."
Benefit of "Youths' Directory."
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 P. M.
"THE P-.ETTY POACHER."
NEXT WEEK— The Ever-Popular Opera,
"THE MIKADO."
i Popular Prices -— Sc and 50°
>,-. B.— Reserved Seat for the Matinee 250
Our Telephone. Bush a.
•7 —New Strong Cards— 7
J. \A/. W/INTON,
PEEMIEHS TSNTRILOQIIIST, __.rs4a.iiig bis
Walking, Talking, Basking Fignrsa
THE PANTZER TRIO, Contortion Daneon.
TROUBADOUR TRIO.
Parisian Character Singtn.
i THE TWINS MARCO. OLA HAYDEN. THB
i 3 FORTUNI3 BROS.. HAYDEN AND HATH-
ERTON AND THE FOUR EDDYS.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony. 10c; Opera
I Chairs and Box Seats. 50c.
MATINEES WED., SAT. AND SUNDAY.
ALHAMBRA THEATER.
Corner Eddy and Jones sts.
Under the Management of Holden, Ma.Dona.4
and Kilgo.
Last Week of the Successful Patriotic Drama.
...DEWEY...
THE HERO OF MANILA.
Received Nightly With Enthusiasm by
Crowded Houses.
FRIDAY— SPECIAL ST. PATRICK'S DAT
MATINEE.
MONDAY NEXT.
The Great Emotional Actress.
AGNES HERNDON,
Supported by ALBERT A. ANDRUS3.
In a Superb Production of Her Great Play.
"1-rt BELLE MARIE."
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
PRICES ...10c. 15c. 25c and Co
THE WEEKLY CALL,
Sl per Year.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF. THE MARKETS.
Silver weaker.
Wheat lower.
Bad break in Barley futures. -'•>.-
Oats firm. Corn and Rye dull. : ;
No Hay market.
Bran and Middlings unchanged.
Beans easier. ■ .
Potatoes and Onions the same.
Butter weaker. Eggs unchanged.
Slight advance In Poultry.
Game dull.
Fresh and Dried Fruits unchanged.
Be_- firm. Hogs weaker.
New York Exchange lower.
Decreased exports of Produce.
EXPORTS OF PRODUCE.
Exports of produce from this port during the '
first two months of the year were $5,089,700, |
against $6,109,500 for the same time in IS9B, the
leading shipments being as follows: To At
lantic ports, (540,800; Great Britain. $811,900;
China, $628,100; Japan, $717,800: Australia, $234.
--100; British Columbia. $134,500; Mexico, $239,
--200; Central America. $343,300; Hawaiian
Islands, $1,113,400; Philippines, $137,400.
MONEY IN CIRCULATION.
According to a treasury statement the money
in circulation in the United States on the Ist
of March was as follows:
Gold coin *702.305.269
Silver dollars _,'H~.;_
Small silver • __\__\___
Gold certificates >?-■_?"•_».
Silver certificates •*'"••_;>
Treasury notes ' US
United States notes 32H°-'l™
Currency certificates -ioJ-S'SS.
National Bank note. .39,2*a..-3
Total $1,928,842,612
In 1897 '.'.'.'.'.'.... 1.726.376,659
Increase ■ $202,465,953
Of the increase this year $148,420,357 is repre
sented by gold coin, $4,000,000 by standard dol
lar* $4 o*r*o Oi*) by fractional silver coin, $16,000,
--000 by 'silver certificates. $44,000,000 by green
backs and nearly $18,000,000 by bank notes.
There has been a decrease of $6,000,000 in gold
certificates. $4,000,000 in treasury notes and $25,
--000.0V0 in currency certificates.
The circulation per capita is given at $25 51.
The net increase in circulation for the month of
February was $10,582,055.
THE HAY MARKET.
The circular of Somen & Co., under date of
the 14th. says of Hay:
"The long expected movement with Hay has
come at last, and, as we have expressed our
selves previously, a start seemed to be all
that was required to Improve prices very ma
terially. Stocks in town have been running
down for some little time past, for almost
every one has been looking for a further de
cline in prices, and have therefore been some- j
what anxious to clean out so as to be prepared j
to stock up again at lower figures. No further j
decline could be noted, and as receipts con
tinue to run rather light one dealer after an
other was forced to go on to the market to
purchase to supply his trade. This demand, j
coupled with the continued dry weather, created
somewhat of a stir about Friday of last week.
and as soon as any activity could be noted on
the market one dealer after another became an
active bidder^sn the market.
"Until to-day crop prospects have been very
' againg. and prices have been steadily
advancing. As we write it Is raining and the
wind seems to be in the right direction for a
continuous downpour. In proof of our state
ment, which we have often expressed, that the
San Francisco Hay market is not a weather
market, we would state that to-day at our
reerular auction held in the rain. $18 75 was bid
for choice Wheat Hay on several carloads,
there being but nine carloads in all, total re
ceipts for the day.
"Reports have come to us that many of the |
dealers have been canvassing the country quite
thoroughly In their efforts to make purchases,
which tends to prove that they have confidence
in the future of the market. According to re
ports that We have received, stocks are becom
ing depleted throughout the State, which fact
is due more to home consumption than the de
mands of the San Francisco market. A dry
spring will increase the demand throughout
the country which will leave less Hay to be
shipped here, In which event we may look for
higher prices than the existing range, unless
Oregon. Washington and other States have an |
oversupply which they can ship here. This idea i
of foreign Hay shipments is a matter of con- j
siderable uncertainty at the present time. From
reports received to date and from prospects as
they appear to us. we are inclined to believe
that the present range of prices will at least
be maintained, if it does not advance still
further."
■V^n^ATHKR REPORT.
flJOth Meridian—Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, March 15. 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 1.04 27.42 27.97
Red Bluff 0.12 13.78 12.07
Sacramento 2.20 10.61 8.55
San Francisco 0.95 9.19 7.49
Fresno 0.01 3.79 3.85
San Luis Obispo 0.26 7.46 5.37
Los Angeles 0.00 2.92 4.82
San Diego 0.00 3.71 3.65
Yuma 0.00 1.34 1.62
San Francisco data: Maximum, temperature,
65; minimum, 49; mean. 52.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The storm which has been on* the Oregon
coast has moved south and is central oft the
California coast to-night. The pressure has
fallen over California and risen over Oregon
and Washington.
Rain has fallen from Roseburg, Or., south to
Tehachapl in the Interior and the vicinity of-
Santa Barbara along the coast. The rain has
been heaviest in the lower Sacramento and
San Joaquin valleys and along the bay coun
ties.
High southerly winds are reported from the
Interior of California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty,
hours ending midnight. March 16. 1899:
Northern California—Rain Thursday; brisk
southerly wind.
Southern California— Thursday; fresh
southwest -wind.
Nevada —Snow Thursday; cooler in north por
tion.
Utah— or snow Thursday: cooler.
Arizona— in south portion, snow In
north portion Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity—Rain Thursday;,
fresh to brisk southerly wind.
G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 15.— The changes in
stock prices to May were mixed, with losses
prevailing. For thl greater part of the day
stocks were under pressure, in part due to the
strength in the call money market, where 5
per cent was recorded for some loans, although
most of the business was at 4 per cent.
London, while trading both ways, disposed
of more stock than It took. The selling of Man
hattan was attributed to the underwriting syn
dicate of the issue of new stock, although
there was no means of ascertaining the real
source. The stock closed with a loss of nearly
2 points after an earlier extreme decline of 3%.
Kansas City. Pittsburg and Gulf left off 4
points down in anticipation of a possible heavy
assessment in the plan of reorganization. Amer
ican Steel and Wire dropped 3%. with a smaller
sympathetic recession In Federal Steel issues.
There were fractional recessions, too, in North
ern Pacific. Atchison, the Readings and the
grangers. Chicago Terminal stocks were bene
fited by talk of a contract with Chicago and
Alton, while Colorado Southern was up on ru
mors of negotiations with Union Pacific. Amer
ican Tobacco r.**e 2 points, but Continental To
bacco, now dealt in in the unlisted department,
made, compared with the opening, a net loss
of 1% for the common and 3 for the preferred.
New York Air Brake jumped 10% points. Con
flicting rumors regarding the probability of the
success of certain legislation lent feverishness
to Consolidated Gas, which, however, rose %.
Metropolitan Street Railway, People's Gas and
Sugar gave some evidence of strength. A
slight recession in the strength of call money,
although it closed with transactions at 3% l Jr4
per cent, induced some covering in the after
noon. The closing tone was uncertain, with
prices below the best and above the worst.
The Government trade statistics, showing an
excess of exports of nearly $34,000,000, was not
altogether favorably received, because of the
Imports exceeding any since March a year ago,
while the exports showed a shrinkage of over
20 per cent compared with any of the preced
ing four months.
To-day's bond market, while irregular,
showed a yielding tendency. Total sales, $2,550,
--000.
United States new 4's registered advanced %
and do coupon % In the bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 450,100
shares. Including: Atchison. 3790; 'do pre
ferred, 36.565: Burlington. 15.520; Manhattan.
86.054; Metropolitan. 5097; Missouri Pacific, 11.
--740; Northern Pacific. 16,065; do preferred. 5310;
Ft. Paul. 14.308; Union Pacific. 8305; do pre
ferred, 10,665; Texas and Pacific, 5055; Ameri
can Steel and Wire, 28,334; do preferred, 5025;
American Tobacco. 12.765; Federal Steel, 9663;
do preferred. 9659; Consolidated Gas. 9170;
Brooklyn Rapid Transit, 56.825; Sugar, 20,465.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 20% St Louis & S W... 8%
Do prefd 5.% Do prefd 27
Baltimore & Ohio. 69 St Paul 126%
Canada Pacific.... 85 Do prefd 170%
Canada Southern.. 75% St P & Om 91%
Cent Pac 48% l Do prefd 172
Che? & Ohio 26% ISo Pacific 33%
Chi & Alton 170 So Railway 12%
Chi B & Q 133% Do prefd.... 48%
Chi & E 111 66 'Texas & Pacific... 23%
Do prefd 120% Union Pacific 43%
Chi G W 15& 1 Co prefd.......... 77^_.
Chi Ind & L 8% U P D & G 12*
Do prefd 42 Wabash'...... <%
Chi & N W 146% ! Do prefd.. ■■ 21%
Do prefd 192 Wheel & L E 11%
CCC &St L 57% Do prefd.. 32
Do prefd 97 I Express Companies-
Del & Hudson 114 Adams Ex.. 112
Del L & W 164% American Ex 140
Den & Rio G 21 United States 64
Do prefd 72 Wells Fargo 125
Erie (new) 14 ! Miscellaneous-
Do Ist prefd 38 ! A Cot Oil 36%
Ft Wayne 178 ! Do prefd 82
Gt Nor prefd 192% ' Am Spirits 13%
Hocking Val 5%; Do prefd 39%
Illinois Cent 114%' Am Tobacco 212
Lake Erie & W.... 18 ; Do prefd 147
Do prefd 65% Cons Gas 216
Lake Shore 200 Com Cable Co .190
Louis & Nash 63% Col F & Iron 34%
Manhattan L 105% I Do prefd 93
Met St Ry 253% Gen Electric 117%
Mich Cent 113 Haw Com Co 78%
. Minn & St L 53 Brooklyn R T 99%
j Do Ist prefd 99 | Intl Paper 53%
i Mo Pacific 46 i Do prefd 84%
Mobile & Ohio 39% Laclede Gas 61
Mo K& T 13 Lead 33%
Do prefd 88% • Do prefd 112%
N J Central 'Federal Steel 52
N V Central 131%; Do prefd 86%
N V Chi &St L.. 13% Nat Lin Oil 4 |
Do Ist prefd 63 i Pacific Mail 47%;
Do 2d prefd 33 People's Gas 114%
Nor West 17%, Pullman Pal 157%
No Amer Co 9 Stiver Certificates. 59%
No Pacific 49% Standard R & T... 10
Do prefd 77%. Sugar l %
Ontario & W 27 I Do prefd 112
Or R & Nay 45 TC & Iron 40%
Or Short Line 42% U S Leather 6%
Pac Cist prefd 87% Do prefd 70
Do 2d prefd 63 U S Rubber 49%
Pittsburg ISO i Do prefd 115%
Reading 23% : Western Union 94
Do Ist prefd 65 Am S&W Co 62%
RGW 35 Do prefd 103%
Do prefd 76 Or Nay prefd 70
Rock Island 116% Pac Coast 45
St Louis & S F.... 11%; Colo Southern 7%
Do prefd 71 j Do Ist prefd 58
Do 2d prefd 38% I Do 2d prefd 23%
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 3s 107% I N V Central lsts ..114%
U S new 4s reg....12<>% N J C 5s 118%
Do coup 128 1 - North Carol i 65 . . 130
U S 4s 111% Do 4s 104
Do coup 113 INo Pac lsts 116%
Do 2ds 99%) Do 3s 68
U S 5s reg 112 i Do 4s 103%
Do 5s coup 112 IN V C & S L 45. .107
District 3.65s 117% Nor & W 6s 130
Ala class A 110 |Northwest c0n5015. 143%
Do B 110 | Do deb os 122
Do C 100 O Nay lsts 111%
Do Currency ....100 IO Nay 4s 101%
Atchison 4s 102% S Line 5s tr....128%
Do adj 4s S3%iO S Line 5s tr....11l
Can So 2d- 109% Reading 4s 89%
C & O 4%s 93 IR Q W lsts 96%
Chicago Term 45.. 99 SL& I M Con ss. 111%
C & Ohio 5s 118% IS L & S F Gen 65. 123%
C H & D 4%s 104% 'St P Con 164%
DA X Q Ist? 108% St P C & P lsts.... 122
1' &RG 4s 100% Do 5s 120%
East Term lsts ...105 So Ry 5s 105%
Erie Gen 4s 73 Standard R&T6s 86
FW & D lsts tr. 84 Term new set 35.... 97%
Gen Elec 6s 121 Tex Pac L G 15t5.112%
G H & S A 65.... 110 Do Reg 2ds .... 52%
Do 2ds 111 1 -. Union Pac 4s 104%
H &TC 5s 110 UPD & G lata.... 92%
Do con 6s 110 Wabash Ist 5a 114%
lowa C lsts 109 Do 2ds 96
La new consols 45. 109% W Shore 4s 113
L& N Uni 4s 96 Va Centuries S3
Pac Con 6s 120 Do deferred 9%
M X & T 2ds 67% Wis Cent lsts .... 68%
Do 4s 93%'C010 Southern 45.. 87%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 30: Ontario 5 50
Crown Point 15|Ophir 1 00
Con ''al & Va 1 75 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 45 [Quicksilver ..175
Gould & Curry.... 35 Do prefd 600
Hale & Norcross... 30 Sierra Nevada 45
Homestake 55 00 (Standard 240
Iron Silver 65lUn1on Con 50
Mexican 66 1 Yellow Jacket 18
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Ed Elec Tel 195
Call loans 3®3% Atchison prefd — 59%
Time loans 3%@4j Bonds-
Stocks— Atchison 4s 10*1
A T ft S Fe 20% New England 65... 113%
Amer Sugar 140% Gen Elec 5s 68%
Do prefd 113% Mining Shares-
Bell Tel 343 Allouez Mm Co 16
Boston & Albany.. 24.". Atlantic 32
Boston & Maine... l7o I Boston & Mont 350
Chi Bur & Q 139 Butte & Boston... 82
Fltchburg 114% Calumet & Hec1a..735
Gen Electric 117% Centennial 44
Fed Steel 52, Franklin 23%
Do prefd 86% Old Dominion 39
Mexican Cent 6 Osceola 89%
Old Colony 201 IQulncy 160
Rubber 49 Tamarack 223
Union Pac Wolverine 46
West End 83% Parrott 44%
Do prefd 112 I Union Land 8
Westtngh Elec. .... 48 : Adventure 14
Do prefd 62%; Winona ..-. 16
Wis Cent • 1%1
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 15.— Money on call,
firmer, at 3%®4 per .cent, last loan 3% per
cent; prime mercantile paper, 3%@4% per cent.
Sterling exchange steady, with actual busi
ness in bankers - bills at $4 8404 84% for demand
and $4 53%®4 83% for sixty daws. Posted rates.
$4 84®4'85 and $4 8604 87; commercial bills.
$4 52%®4 S3: silver certificates, nominally 69%®
60% c; bar silver. 59% c; Mexican dollars, 47% c;
Government bonds, strong; State bonds, weak;
railroad bonds, Irregular.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. March 15.— T0-day's state
ment of the condition of the treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $277,809,871; gold re
serve, $241,371,347.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 15— The Commercial
Advertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were slightly livelier to-day.
Paris was strong. Spanish fours reached 55%
and coppers were in demand. Tintos were 39%.
Calls to end in March were offered at %.
Utahs were S%. Calls to end in middle April,
%. Anacondas were 9%. Bostons nominal.
Americans opened steady, dropped, then
'■ hardened on New York purchases and finally
relapsed. They were worse ln the street-
Money was hard.
The week's bullion movement was only £8000
received.
CLOSING.
Canadian Paclflc, 87%; Northern Pacific,
80%; Union Paclflc preferred, 79%: Grand
Trunk, 7%; bar silver, 27% d; money, 2%@2%
per cent. • ■
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, March 15.— FLOUR— Receipts.
29.915 barrels; exports, 3784. Dull and easier.
WHEAT- Receipts, 70.400; exports, 242,055.
Spot easy. No. 2 red, 81% cf. o. b. afloat to
arrive. Options opened weak In response to
foreign selling and rains in California. A
rally followed at midday on cold weather pre
dictions, . but liquidation developing again,
prices eased off once more and closed weak
at %®lc net lower. March. 56%®31%c. closed
80% c; April, 75%@75%c, closed at 75%0; May,
74 7-16@75c, closed at 74% c; July, 73%@73%c,
closed at 73% c; September, 71%@71%c, closed
at 71 %c.
HOPS— DuII.
HIDES— Firm.
METALS— Trade in metals was never large
to-day. nor were the changes noted in values
of special significance. It was a small wait
ing market, buyers holding off for further de
velopments and sellers for new inspiration
from abroad or home sources. At the close
the Metal Exchange called: •
PlGlßON— Warrants, quiet at $10 25 nominal.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged at $17 75 nom
inal.
TlN— Firmer, with $23 80 bid and $23 90
asked.
LEAD— Unchanged, with $4 35 bid and
$4 40 asked. The brokers' price for lead is
$4 20 and for copper $17 62%®17 75.
COFFEE— Options closed quiet, 15010 points
net lower. Sales. 10,250 bags, including: May,
$5 15; June. ,$5 2065 25; July, $5 30; September,
$5 50: October, $5 60; December, $5 75; March
(1900), $5 90. Spot coffee— Rio, quiet, barely
steady. No. 7 invoice, 6 3-16 c; No. 7 jobbing,
6 11-16 c. Mild— Steady. Cordova, B~l4c.
SUGAR— Raw, steady, but Inactive; fair re
fining, 3%c; centrifugal, 96 test. 4%c: molasses
sugar, 3%c. Refined, steady and less active.
BUTTER— Receipts, 7213 packages. Steady.
Western creamery, 15®20c; Elglns, 20c; factory,
12@14%c.
Receipts. 19, 80. packages. Quiet.
Western, 13%@14c; Southern, 12%@14c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, March California dried
fruits steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— 7®B%c;
prime wire tray, B%®9c; choice, 9%@9%c;
fancy. 9%<ffiloc. yy-
PRUNES—
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 12®14c: Moorpark, 13@17c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 9.5 lie; peeled. 25@2Sc.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET,
CHICAGO, March Complete summaries
of the amount of winter killed wheat in sev
eral States showed apparently very little war
rant for the sensational damage reports with
which the trade has recently been flooded and
caused the wheat market to open at a decline
of %®%c. At the decline several shorts saw a
convenient opportunity to cover and price j ad
vanced slowly to 70% c. At this point," (how
ever, news was received from California of
the thorough breaking of the drought in that
State. That started the bears selling on a
large scale and increased the weakness with
which trading commenced. Reports of an im
provement In the export demand at the sea
board caused a rally near the end and May
hesitating at 69%®69%c. rose slowly to C9%c.
The strength did not last long, however, It
was a weak market entirely, with the bulls
relying on the damage prospect. The price
soon slipped off to 69% c, closing at 69%®69%c.
Corn- not appear to have any clear no
tion as to what direction to take. It followed
the course of wheat for the most part. Near
.the end of the session tbe market got on a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 16, 1899,
level with "puts." Buying against privileges
caused prices to stiffen a little. May .closed
%c lower. ..- ...
Oats ruled weak and lower in sympathy with
the other grains. There was a fair general
trade. May closed %c lower.
Provisions ruled steady, notwithstanding a
sharp break in the price of hogs. The lat
ter are so much under the prices for product
that the weakness at the yards does not nave
much influence on provisions futures as packers
are selling their output for cash. May pork
closed unchanged; May lard and May ribs
closed a shade higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— ~ Open. High. Low. Close.
Ml? " .. N0 ~.... 70 70% 69% 69%
July 69% 69% 68% 68%
May™.*.-. 2 .: 25% 35% 34% 35
july 35% 3-% 35% 30%
September 36% 36% 36% 86%
May b No. 2- yy. 26% . 26% 26% 26%
July ::::::::::::::::: 24% 24% 24% 24%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
May 915 920 9 12% 9 17%.
July ib..:...: 930 935 9 27% 935
Lard, per 100 pounds— yy--., , ;_ . , ..
May 5 37% 540 53. 540
July .::::.: 550 555 547% 552%
September ..5 62% 5 67% 6 62% 5 67%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds—
V«v 4 70 4 75 4 70 4 75
July :::::.::::. 482% 487% 482% 4 87%
September 4 97% 500 4 97% 500
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, dull and unchanged: No. 2 spring
wheat. 66@69c: No. 3 spring wheat, 62@b*%c;
No 2 red 69%®70%c; No. 2 corn, 33%@34c; No.
2 oats, 26%®26%: No. 2 white, 29%@30; No. ■>
white. 28%@29%c; No. 2 rye. 54c; No. 2 barley.
3S@4Sc: No. 1 flax seed. $1 18; prime timothy
seed, $2 55; mess pork, per barrel, $9@9 05; lard,
per 100 pounds. $5 25@5 27%; short -ribs sides
(loose), $4 45® 4 75; dry salted shoulders < taxed).
4%@4%c; short clear sides (boxed), $4 *r>f_4 SO,
whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gallon,
$1 26.
Articles— Re J e iP ts ' Shlpm ™ n ™
Flour, barrels 13.000 20.000
Wheat, bushels 79.000 2..000
Corn, bushels 450,000 301.000
oats, bushels >400,000 330,000
Rye,' bushels 16,000 4.000
Barley, bushels :::::::: 49.000 33,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; Creameries. 14®19%c: Dai
ries. 11%® 17c. Eggs, steady; fresh, 13c. Cheese,
steady; Creameries, 10V_®llc.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
nties— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis ]?0.500 . I?.<_o
Duluth 151.858 "_"&
Milwaukee 22. 400 7 "°°
I°' Louis 21.000 v.m
Detroit 4.891 10.560
Kansas City 37^000 60,000
_,- _*, "
Totals
BJston Wate 18.565 39.162
New York bb 70.400 242,05.
Philadelphia 2.99, 58,711
Baltimore K044 • *°-™ 2
Galveston iVini
New Orleans 47.908
Totals
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat- March. May. July.
Opening 5 4% 6 4% 5 4%
Closing 5 4% 5 4% 5 4%
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— March. May.
Opening « 85 43 50
Closing 42 8o 4-50
Opening 20 45 20 SO
Closing * 20 45 20 85
THE RAISIN MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 15.— Journal of
Commerce says: Telegraphic reports that
raisin growers and packers have come to an
understanding with regard to the handling of
next season's crop have not as yet received
positive confirmation. According to some of the
larger commission merchants here, while the
basis of operations may have been established
by the association, unless co-operation was
secured of some Of the larger outside packing
concerns, which up to a late date had positively
declined to go Into the combination, the suc
cess of the growers' association was uncertain.
Trade here is awaiting fuller reports. In the
meantime there seems to be a better feeling in
the spot market for loose Muscatel raisins and
rather more demand from consumers, though
sales are almost entirely of small lots. We
heard to-day of a sale of a car of two-crown
standard at 4 cents. No further business in
Pacifies was reported. California London layers
are dull. There are sellers at $1. but buyers'
views do not seem to be above 85 to 90 cents.
It Is generally believed that rather a large
stock of these goods, for which there is little
or no consuming demand, will be stemmed and
eventually disposed of as loose. Clusters are
not wanted and prices are nominal. Valencia
layers are dull. Sultanas receive little atten
tion, but holders do not seem to be Inclined to
make further concessions.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, March 16.— CATTLE— Cattle were
about the same as yesterday, beef cattle aver
i aging 10c lower than at the close of last week.
Fancy cattle brought $5 70®5 85; choice steers,
$5 30®5 65; medium steers. $4 65®4 95; beef
steers $3 Ss®4 60; stockers and feeders, $3 50<q>
4 75; cows and heifers, $3 30®4; Western fed
steers, $4 10®5 50; Texas steers, $3 40@4 86;
calves, $3 50®7.
HOGS— The too free deliver— of hogs caused
a decl:ne of 5c to 10c ln prices. Fair to choice.
: $3 72Vi(fx3 86; heavy, packing lots. $3 50®3 70;
mixed" $3 60@3 77%: butchers. $3 «o®3 87%; light,
V. 5503 62%: pigs, $3 2098 65.
SHEEP— The light supply of sheep caused an
active demand and .prices kept firm at the re
cent large advance. Poor to prime sheep
brought $3@4 70: yearlings, $3@4 86; lambs. $4 10
@5 25.
Receipts — Cattle, 13,000; hogs, 30,000; sheep,
12,000. yYY/Y
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
* BOSTON, March 15.— The American "Wool
and Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow: The
I ! formation of the worsted trust and the an
] nouncement made as to the organization of
i other combines have brought business in the
I I Boston wool market almost to a complete
| standstill. Manufacturers generally and the
1 members of the trade are at sea as to what
I the ultimate effects of these combines will be
j and are buying only such wools as they ab-
s olutely need.
> ! The sales of the week at Boston amount to
1.461,500 pounds dome.tic and 410.500 pounds
foreign, making a total of 1.871,500. against a
total of 3.232,000 for the previous week and a
total of 1,107,000 for the corresponding week
, last year. Sales since January 1, 1899, amount
to 39,674,000 pounds, against 37,126.480 pounds
last year at this time.
' LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON. March 15.— The wool auction sales
: were continued heavy to-day, after a day's In
terruption, owing to the fog, with a large
i number of buyers present. The offerings ag-
I ! gregated 13.095 bales, and were of a good selec
< tion. Good scoured merinos sold at 10 per cent
' above the January sales. The Continental buy
: ers were unusually active and secured the ma
-1 jority of good greasy merinos, which brought
large prices. Crossbreds were eagerly bid for.
the Yorkshire buyers securing the bulk.
'■ COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 15.— COTTON— ;
: middling, 6 7-16 c. yy-"' ■■ ffffd.lff.
1 NEW ORLEANS. March COTTON—
! Steady; middling, 5%c.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, March Consols, 110%; silver.
27% d; wheat cargoes off coast, nothing doing;
1 cargoes on passage, buyers, Indifferent opera
i tors; English country markets, generally 6d
: cheaper. „
.i ' LIVERPOOL, March 15. — Wheat, steady;
' wheat in Paris, quiet; French country markets.
' steady.
[ COTTON— Uplands, 3%d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— steady.
CORN— Spot, steady; American mixed. 3s
' 6%d. Futures, steady; March, 3s 4%d; May.
' 3s 4d; July, 3s 4%d.
• PORTLANDS BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. March Clearances,
$257,912: balances, $83.-230.
' NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
• OREGON.
' PORTLAND, Or., March 15. Wheat— Walla
' Walla. 57®58c; valley, 59c; blue stem, 61% c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, March 15.— Wheat— 68c; blue
. stem, 61@62c. yy
LOCAL MARKETS.
. EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 84%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86%
Sterling Cables..... — 487
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraph. — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — 59%
Mexican Dollars — .48
''■„".': ■•'
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Weaker prices at Chicago, coupled
with the rain, again depressed quotations, as
will be seen. The market was active on call,
but dull on the spot.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 10@1 12%; milling,
$1 15@1 17% per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session 9:15 o'clock — —
2000 ctls, $1 14%; 12.000, $1 14%; 24,000. 8114%.
jlay—4ooo. $113; 28,000, $1 13%; 26,000, $1 13%;
2000, 13%. . ...
Second Session— December— 4ooo ctls, |1 14%;
2000. $1 14%; IS, 000, $1 14. May— 2ooo, $1 12%; 4000,
$1 12%.
Regular Morning Session— May— Booo ctls,
$112%; 2000, 12%; 8000, 12%: 2000. 12%;
4000, $1 13; 18,000, $1 13%. December— 6ooo, $1 14%;
2000. $1 14; 6000, $1 14%; 4000, $1 14%; 2000, $1 14%;
16,000, $1 14%. ;
Afternoon December— 4ooo ctls, $1 14%;
2000, $1 14%; 22.000, $1 14%; 6000, $1 14%. May—
4000,. $1 12%; 2000, $113; 8000, $112%: 10,000,
$1 12%.
BARLEY— Futures broke all to pieces on the
first calls, owing to the rain, and seller the
year dropped to 89% c, against $1 05% on Mon
day. As the rain was still confined to the
northern half of the State, however, there was
a subsequent recovery, as will be seen. Trad
ing was very heavy.
The spot market was unchanged. The rain
does not affect it, as supplies are light.
Feed, $1 25@1 27%; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— Seller '99. new
—20,000 ctls, 92c; 62,000, 92% c; 4000, 92% c; 22.000,
92% c; 6000, 92% c; 28,000, 92% c: 2000, 93c; 16,000,
92% c. May— $1 15; 2000. $1 14%.
Second Session-Seller '99, new— ctls,
91% c; 4000, 91c; 2000, 90% c: 2000, 90% c; 4000, 90% c;
2000, 90% c; 14.000, 90% c; 50.000, 90c; 10,000, 89% c;
8000, 89% c; 2000, S9%c; 10,000, 89% c.
Regular Morning Session— Seller '99. new—
2000 ctls, 91c: 6000, 91% c: 6000. 91% c; 12,000, 92% c;
40,000, 92c. May— 6ooo. $1 14. _~y
Afternoon Session— Seller '99, new— ctls,
91% c; 2000, 91% c; 12,000, 91% c.
OATS— The market was strong at the ad
vance, though trade was not brisk. The rain
has no effect on values.
Fancy Feed. $1 45 per ctl; good to choice,
$1 40@1 42%; common, $1 32%®1 37%; Surprise,
$1 \:y\ 50; Gray. $1 3.®1 40; Milling, $1 42% per
ctl: Red. $1 50@1 55; Black, $1 30® 1 40.
CORN—
Small round Yellow, $1 25; Eastern large Yel
low, $1 lOtf.l 12%; White. $110; mixed, $107%®
1 10 per ctl; California White. $1 12%. «
. RYE— sl 10®i 12% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR-California family extras. $4; bakers'
extras." $3 Ss@3 90; Oregon and Washington,
%mi 65 per bbi.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices ln sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour, $2 75
per 100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 60; extra
cream Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal, $46004 75;
Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy. $3 2503 60; Buck
wheat Flour. $4®4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina, $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 6606 95; In sacks, $6 35® 6 70;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas. $4 25; Green Peas,
$4 50 per 100 pounds.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
There was no Hay market owing to the rain,
and previous quotations are continued. What
effect the rain will have remains to be seen.
It may check a further advance, but dealers
do not expect an immediate decline.
Bran and Middlings are as before.
BRAN— $2O@2l per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S2I@22 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $26(g'27 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31® 31 50; job
bing. $32632 50; Coeoanut Cake. $24rd)25; Cot
tonseed Meal, $28@30 per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50
24 60; Cracked Corn, $24@25; Mixed Feed.
$19 60@20.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat, $16 50®18 75 for
good to choice and $15^16 for lower grades;
no fancy coming in: Wheat and Oat, $14 50®
17 50; Oat. $14 50®16 50; Island Barley. $13 50®
15; Alfalfa, $10 50®12; Stock, $9@11; Clover,
nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon. Nevada, etc.)
—Wheat and Wheat and Oat, $15®16 50;
Cheat. $12®12 50; Grass Hay. $_0®11; Oat, $14®
15; Clover, $10 50@1150; Timothy, $12®13 per ton.
STRAW— 3S@7Oc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
The rain gives the Bean market an easier
feeling, though quotations show no change
worthy of note.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 75®1 85: Small Whites,
$2 10® 2 20; Large Whites, $1800190; Pinks,
$2 050216; Reds. $3 25 3 35: Blackeye. $3 75®
3 85; Butters, $2 2502 50; Llmas, $3 65®3 75; Pea,
$2 2.V&2 50; Red Kidneys, $2 50®2 60 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 50®4 75 per ctl;
yellow Mustard. $3 75®4; Flax. $2 1602 26: Ca
nary Seed. 2 l < ra2%c per lb; Alfalfa. B®B%c;
Rape 2%®2%c; Hemp. 2%®3c; Timothy. 5®5%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $165@170; Green, $2®
2 30 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes continue very flrm, though there is
no further advance.
Vegetables were in lighter receipt and several
descriptions sold off rather better. Peas ad
vanced.
Receipts were 676 boxes Asparagus. 263 boxes
Rhubarb and 50 sacks Peas.
Hothouse Cucumbers. $I®l 50 per dozen.
POTATOES— SI 1501 20 per ctl for Early Rose
$10120 per sack for River Burbanks; Sonoma
and Marin Burbanks. $1 1001 25 per ctl; Oregon,
90c@$l for seed and $1 25®1 40 for Burbanks;
Sweet Potatoes, 75c for River and $1 75®1 85 for
Merced: New Potatoes. 3c per lb.
ONIONS— 6O®BSc per ctl. outside quotation for
Oregon. ,
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, ?@4c per lb for
No. 2, 6®6e for No. 1 and 7c for fancy; Rhu
barb. $I^7'. 50 per box; Green Peas.2%@6c; String
Beans — ; Cabbage. 40® 50c; Tomatoes. $101 75
for Los Angeles and $1 25@1 75 for Mexican;
Egg Plant, 12% c per lb; Garlic, B®9c per lb;
Dried Okra, 150 per lb; Dried Peppers, 10c;
Green Peppers, 30c; Carrots, 25®350 per sack.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Slim receipts of Poultry enabled dealers to
get an advance for several kinds. Game con
tinued dull.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 14®16c: live
Turkeys, llf(?13c for Gobblers and ll@l3c for
Hens; Geese, per pair. $1 6001 75: Goslings, $2 25
®2 75; Ducks, $s<g6; Hens, $605 50; young
Roosters, $7® B; old Roosters, $5® 6; Fryers,
$6 50; Broilers, $5 50® 6 for large, $4®5 for
small: Pigeons, $1 50® 1 75 per dozen for old
and $2 25®2 50 for Squabs.
GAME— Gray Geese. $2®2 50: White Geese.
75c@$l: Brant, $IWI 25; Hare, $1; Rabbits, $1 50
for Cottontails and $1 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
A further decline in Butter is noted. Eggs
are steady at previous quotations. Cheese is
unchanged.
BUTTER— ff~fm
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 21@22c; seconds,
20c
Dairy— to fancy, 17@18c; common
grades, 15®16c.
Pickled Goods— Firkin. 16®Lc; pickled roll,
14@16c for dairy and l«®l7c for creamery
squares; creamery tub, 19c.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 13%®i4c per
lb; Elgin, nominal.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 11®11%c; old, 10
@10% c; Cream Cheddar. 12®12%c; Young Amer
ica. 11%®12%c; Eastern, in®l2c.
EGGS— Quoted at 14®15c per dozen. *
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The market Is unchanged and quiet. Fresh
Mexican Limes are expected to-day.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Aoples, 76c®$l 25 for common. $1 60®1 75 per
box for No. 1 and $2@2 60 for choice to fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, $2®3 25
per box; Seedlings, $I@l 75; Mandarins. ;
Lemons, 75c® $1 50 for common and $2@2 50
for good to choice: Mexican Limes, ; Cali
fornia Limes, $I®l 25 per small box; Grape
Fruit, $2®3 50; Bananas, $1 25@2 50 per bunch;
Pineapples, $2® 4 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
DRIED FRUITS— 7c for 40-50's, 4%@
6c for 50-60's, 4®4%c for 60-7fi's. 3%®3%c for
70-80's. 2%®3c for 80-90's, 2%®2%c for 90-lt*o's
and 2c for 100-llO's; Sliver Prunes, ;
Peaches, B®9c for good to choice, 9%®10c for
fancy and — for peeled; Apricots, 12%® 15c for
Royals and for Moorparks; Evaporated
Apples, B®S%c; sun dried, 5®5%c; Black Figs,
sacks, 2@2%c; Plums, nominal, 2c for un
pitted; Pears, nominal.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown. 4%c for three
crown. 5%c for four-crown. 4%®6c for Seed
less Sultanas, 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and
$1 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2%®3c.
Chestnuts. 7c per lb; Walnuts, 8®
9c for hardshell, ll®l2c for softshell; Almonds,
7®Sc for hardshell. 13®14c for softshell. 15@17c
for paper shell; Peanuts. 6® for Eastern and
4%'Rsc for California; Cocoanuts. $4 50®5.
HONEY— Comb, 10@llc for bright and B®!9c
for lower grades; water white extracted. 7®
7%c; light amber extracted, 6@6%c; dark. 5®
6%c per lb.
BEESWAX— 2S®27c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, B<ffS%c per lb for
heavy, B%@9c for light medium. 10%®llc for
light, 12c for extra light and 12%@13c for sugar
cured- Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, lie: Cali
fornia Hams. 10c; Mess Beef, $12@12 50 per bbi;
extra Mess Beef. $13 60: Family Beef. $14 50®
15; extra prime Pork, $12 50: extra clear, $17 50;
mess, $16,- Smoked Beef, llc per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 4%@5%c per lb for
compound -and 7@7%c for pure; : half -barrels,
pure, 7%®Bc: 10-Tb tins. B%c: 5-lb tlnß. B%c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces. 6%®6%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs, l-!b pails. 60 in a case, 9%c;
3-Ib palls. 20 in a case. S%c; 5-lb pails, 12 in a
case, B%c; 10-lb palls, 6 in a case, B%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case. 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, B%c; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS. -
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about lc ' under ! the quotations. Heavy salted
j steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light. B®S%c; Cow-
I hides, B%®9c: Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands.
12c; dry Kip and Veal. 15c: dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings. 10®30c each; short
Wool. 35@60c each ;' medium. 70®90c; long Wool,
90c®$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 76@2 25 for
large and $1 for small; Colts, 25@50c; Horse
Hides, dry, $1 50@2 for large and $1 for small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3%®3%c per lb;
No. 2, 2%®3c; refined. 4%@5c; Grease,. 2®2%c.
WOOL— Spring Clips— Southern Mountain. 12
months.- 7®9c; San Joaquin and Southern, 7
months, B®9c; Foothill and Northern free, -10®
12c; Foothill and Northern defective. 9®llc;
H-imboldt and Mendocino. 14@15c; Nevada. 10®
12c; Eastern Oregon, 10@12c. ; yy ■', :■: .-
Fall Wools— '■■■•■.
Humboldt and "Mendocino.. 9 ®ll
Northern Mountain 7 ®10
Southern 6 ® 7%
Plains ...« © 7
HOPS— IB9B crop, lOjgllc per lh for. ordinary, j
12@12%c for good and 13®15c for choice to fancy
from first hands.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE. .
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags, 5%®5%c for
June and July; Wool Bags, 26®28c; San Quen
tin Bags, $4 65.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle.
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend. $7 '50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $S in bulk and $9 25
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel, $S 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
in sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 5%c; Powdered, 5%c; Candy
Granulated, 5%c; Dry Granulated. 5%c; Con
fectioners' A, 5%c; California A, 4%c; Magnolia
A, 4%c; Extra C, 4%c; Golden C, 4%c; half
barrels, %c more than barrels, and boxes, %c
more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels
or Its equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Beef is firm. Hogs are weaker. There are no
other changes. '■■' 'fy
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7@Sc per lb.
VEAL— Large, 6%@7%c; small, 8c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. B@B%c; Ewes, 8c per lb. ,
LAMB— Spring, 11©12% C per lb. I
PORK— Live Hops. 5%@5%c for small. 5%c for
medium and 5@5%c for large; stock Hogs, 4%
®sc; dressed Hogs, 7@B%c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Wednesday. March 15.
Flour, qr sks 20,935 Wool, bales 296
Barley, ctls 65 Eggs, doz 18.750
Rye, ctls 41.0! Brandy, gals .... 2,000
Cheese, ctls IIS | Wine, gals 34,160
Butter, ctls 197 Leather, rolls .... 78
Tallow, ctls 12 1 Hides, No 1,367
Potatoes, sks ... 658 Pelts, bdls 4,214
Beans, sks 2.8231 Buckwheat, sks.. 81
Bran, sks 600 Sugar, sks 2 284
Middlings, sks ... POO Sugar, bbls 200
Hay, tons 110. Lime, bbls 18-
Straw, tons IS I
OREGON.
Oats, ctls 710 Hay, tons 20
TH*] STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were rather firmer, but dull.
Local securities were unusually quiet and
prices showed no change worthy of note.
The delinquent assessment sale of the Jus
tice Mining Company will be held to-day.
The report for the month from the Alaska-
Mexican mine shows 13,905 tons ore milled,
yielding $25,922, or $1 85 per ton. Sulphurets
saved, 275 tons, of which 123 tons were shipped
to the smelter at Tacoma. Expenses, $23,062.
Sulphurets expected to average $30 per ton. The
Alaska United mine reports 12,829 tons ore
milled, with $27,422, or $2 13 per ton. Sulphurets
saved, 332 tons, of which 12S tons were sent to
Tacoma for smelting, worth about $30 per ton.
Expenses for the month, $24,274. Hereafter it
is probable that all the Alaska sulphurets from
Douglas Island will be treated at the smelter
in Tacoma, which has recently been purchased
and enlarged by parties interested in these
mines.
The letter from the Justice mine states that
during the past week, on the 370 level, upraise
No. 1 is up 42 feet. The top shows two feet of
ore, assaying gold $23 43, silver $4 48; total,
$27 91 per ton. During the week 20 tons and
1600 pounds of ore, the car samples averagelng
gold $15 58, silver 3 ounces, total $17 41 per ton,
was extracted from this upraise. They also
extracted 15 tons of ore, averaging by car sam
ple gold $12 40. sliver $12 69, total $25 09 per ton,
from the upraise from the south drift on the
490 level..
At the annual meeting of the Chollar Mining
Company yesterday 94.000 of the 120,000 share.
of capital stock were represented. The old
directors were re-elected as follows: H. B.
Goodwin, Thomas Cole, Charles Hlrshfeld, H.
Zadlg and "E. P. Barrett, H. B. Goodwin was
elected president, Thomas Cole vice president,
Charles E. Elliott secretary and H. M. Gorham
superintendent. A communication from | the
Occidental Consolidated Mining Company, ask
ing that the Chollar Company join in a pro
posed extension of the Zadlg drift from the
Sutro tunnel, through ('hollar and Potosl
ground on the Brunswick lode to the north line
of the Occidental, was referred to the superin
tendent of the Chollar mine.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, March 15—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. i Bld.Ask.
Bonds— Eqult G L Co. 9 9%
4s quar c0up.. 113 — j Mutual El Co. 15% 15%
4s quar reg... — — j Oakland Gas.. — 50
«s quar new... — 129 Pac Gas : Imp. 84 — !
3s quar c0up. .107 107%'Pac L Co 48% 49
Miscellaneous— S F xi & E... 84% 85
Cal-st Cab 55.115%116 San Fran 3% —
Cal Elec 65....125%127% Stockton Gas.. — 14
C C Wat 5s — — 109 Insurance —
Dup-st ex c... — — , Firem's Fund. — 225 '
E L & P 65.. 130 — Bank Stocks— '
F& CI Ry 68.116 — lAnglo-Cal 65- — i!
Geary-st R ss. — 98 Bank of Ca1..257%258
HC & S 5%5. — 105 Cal SD & T.. 98 98%
LA L Co 65.. — — l First Nationl.22o 225
Do gntd .101 101% Lon P & A...129%133
Market-st 65.. 127 128 ! Mer Exchange — 18
Do Ist M 55. 115% — Nev Nat 8k...177% —
NCN <i R 7s. 107 — ! Savings Banks—
N Ry Cal 65..113%114% Ger S & L... — 1675
N Ry Cal 55..H2%113% Hum S & L.1050 1160
NPC R R 6s. — 107 Mutual Say.. — 41%
NPC R R ss. 102% — S F Say U.. 497% —
N Cal R R 58.100 — S A L So — 102
Oak Gas 5s 110 — ' Security S B 300 350
Om CRy .129 — Union T .1445 1455
P&CI Ry 65.. 106% — I Street Railroads—
P&O 6s 117 — California ....112 —
Powell-st 63... — 121% Geary 45 —
Sac El Ry 6s. — — Market-st 64% 64%
SF& N P 110% — Oak SL& H. — —
BF & S JV55.U4%115 Presidio 11 —
SlerraßCal 65.104%105% Powder—
S Pof Ar 65..112%112% California ....170 —
SPC 6s (1905)11_%114%|e Dynamite... 93 —
S P C 6s (1906) — 116% Giant Con Co. 60% 61
SPC 6s (1912)122% — Vieorit 2% 2%
SPCIs eg 65. 105 — j Sugar—
S PBr 6s 124 125 I Hana P C 0.... 16% 16%
B V Water fi5.116%117% ', Haw C&SC. 79 79%
S| V Water 45.103%103% Hutch S P.... 32% 33
S V W45(3dm).101%101%; Paauhau S P. 40 40%
Stktn Gas 65.. — 105 | Miscellaneous-
Water Stocks— IAI Pac Assn.. 109 109%
Contra Costa.. 63% [ % Get Ld Wit 5.. .250 —
Marin Co 50 — Jkler Ex Assn.. 90 —
Spring Va11ey.102%103 TJeeanlc S Co.. 76% 76%
Gas & Electric— Pac A F A.... 1% 1%
Capital Gas... — — Pac C Bor C 0.105 —
Cent Gaslight. — — Par Paint Co.. 7% —
Cent L & P.. 7% — I
Morning Session.
Board —
65 Alaska Packers* Assn 109 25
5 Alaska Packers' Assn 109 00
BO Equitable Gas, s 10 9 00
100 Equitable Gas 9 00
125 Giant Powder Con 60 50
270 Hana Plantation Co 16 37%
35 Hana Plantation Co 16 50
160 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 79 25
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar, s 3. 79 25
125 Hutchinson S P Co S3 00
190 Paauhau S P Co 40 12%
30 S F Gas & Electric Co 84 75
100 Vlgorit Powder 2 75
Street—
60 Hutchinson S P Co 33 00
- Afternoon Session.
Board
30 Alaska Packers' Assn 109 o*l
20 Alaska Packers' Assn. b 3 109 00
20 Alaska Packers' Assn, b 5 109 00
175 Contra Costa Water 64 00
$1000 Market St Ry con 5 per cent bonds.lls 50
50 Paauhau S P Co 40 12%
50 Paauhau S P Co, b 5 40 12%
250 Paclflc Auxiliary Fire Alarm 150
$1000 Park & Cliff House 6 per cent bds.lo6 50
$3000 S F & S J V bonds 115 00
40 Spring Valley Water 103 00
200 Vlgorit Powder 2 75
Street—
200 Oakland Gas 49 25
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board— •:>.
125 Vlgorit- Powder 2 75
50 Hana Plantation Co 16 50
60 Hutchinson S P Co 33 12%
25 Hutchinson S P Co 3.1 25
30 Oceanic S S Co 75 50
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Alta 141 600 Hale & Norers 34
500 Belcher 18 ! 500 Justice 24
100 Best & Belcher 52 1 50 Justice .'.. 22
100 Challenge 27 \ 100 Occidental 27
200 Chollar 37 1 100 Ophir 110
700 Con Cal & Va.l 90; 100 Potosi 26
100 Con Cal & Va.l 85 500 Savage 2S
100 Crown Point... 191 100 Union Con — 58
200 Gould & Curry 42 100 Yellow Jacket. 23
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes 20 300 Mexican 75
50 Andes 21 200 Overman 08
100 Best & Belcher 55 100 Potosl 28
300 Chollar 37 100 Potosl 29
300 Con Cal & Va.l 90 200 Seg Belcher 04
100 Con Cal & Va.l 95 200 Sierra Nevada. 1 30
1000 Exchequer .... 03 700 Union Con 60
(00 Gould & Curry. 45 100 Utah 20
100 Justice 22 100 Yellow Jacket. 23
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
> Morning Session.
500 Belcher 18 500 Con Cal & V.l 87%
1100 Best & Belcher 54 1500 Gould & Curry 43
400 Best & Belcher 53 200 Gould & Curry 44
500 Bullion 05 500 Justice 24
200 Caledonia 33 500 Mexican 73
' 200 Caledonia ..... 32 200 Ophir 110
300 Challenge Con. 28 ! 300 Ophir 1 12%
200 Challenge Con. 29 600 Sierra Nevada.l 30
300 Chollar 37 j 300 Sierra Nev.. .l 32%
200 Con Cal & V.l 82% 300 Union Con .... 57
200 Con Cal & V..1 85! 200 Union Con .... 55
700 Con Cal & V..1 9-ji 65 Yellow Jacket. 22
200 Con Cal & V.l 92% I
Afternoon Session.
500 Andes 20] 300 Hale & Norers. 34
700 Best & Belcher 55 1 200 Hale & Norers. 33
200 Challenge Con. 29 j 3CO Mexican 75
300 Chollar 39 1 200 Potosi 29
700 Con Cal & Va.l 96 j 500 Savage 2S
1000 Exchequer 03 ! 400 Union Con .... 67
I 400 Gould & Curry. 441 ......
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. March 15—4 p." m.
Bld.Ask. | Bld.Ask.
Alpha Con .... 06 07 Justice 21 23
Alta 14 15 Kentuck — 12
Andes 20 21 Lady Wash.... — 04
Belcher 20 21 1 Mexican 74 75
Best & Belcher 55 56 1 Occidental 26 28
Bullion 05 06 Ophir 110 115
Caledonia 36 — Overman 07 08
Chollar 37 38 ! Potosl 28 29
Challenge Con.. 32 33. Savage 27 29
Confidence 65 70 Scorpion — 06
Con Cal & Va.l 90 195 Seg Belcher ... 03 04
Con Imperial .. 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 1301 35
Crown Point .. 19 20 Silver Hill — 05
Con New York. — 04 Syndicate — 08
Eureka Con ... 40 — Standard 255 —
Exchequer 02 03 1 Union Con .... 60 61
Gould & Curry. 45 46 Utah 19 20
Hale & Norers. 34 35 Yellow Jacket.. 23 24
Julia 02 03
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
San Francisco Gas Light Company to Jane
Phelps (wife of William S. Phelps), entire
Western Addition blocks 250 and 251, quit
claim deed; $10.
C. W. and Elizabeth C. McAfee to Maud H.
Clark (wife of Warren D. Clark), lot commenc
ing 127:8% N of Clay street and 65:9 W of
Laurel, N25 by W 68:9: $800.
Mary B. Taylor to same, lot on NW corner
of Clay and Laurel streets, W 34:4%. N 127:8%,
W 34:4%, N 25. E 68:9, S 152:8%; $6700.
Ann McNamara to Daniel McNamara, lot on
N line of Clinton Park (Qulnn), 190 E of
Guerrero, E 26 by N 75: gift.
Same to same, lot on E line of Charter Oak
(Potrero avenue), 275 S of Helena. E 100 by
j S 50, lots 286 and 287, Silver Terrace Home- ,
I stead: gift. iyy
Mary Shohay to Albert J. Schohay. lot on
W line of Scott place, 112:6 S of Broadway,
also 193:6 E of Mason, S 25 by W 56; $10.
Jean B. Maurin to Alexander Maurin, lot on
SE line of Stevenson street, 350 SW of Sixth,
SW 25 by SE 75; $600. . v> 1, "' '
American Surety Company of New York to
James L. and Lulu B. Wilson, lot on N line of
California street, 82:6 E of Twenty-fourth ave
nue. E 25 by N 100; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Sofia and Axel
Lomquist. lot on S line of X street, 82:6 E of
Tenth avenue, E 25 by S 100; $10.
Axel and Sofia Lomquist to Sarah L. Souther
(wife of Charles H. Souther), lot on S line of
X street. 132:6 W of Ninth avenue, W 25 by
S 100; $10.
Alphonzo and Emma Harrington to same,
same, quitclaim deed: $5. _
Sarah L. and Richard E. Doran to Alice G.
M. Doran, lot on N line of California avenue.
505 from Coso avenue, N 100 by E 25, P. V. lot
108: $10.
Fannie Mott to William Havard, lots 294 and
296. Gift Map 3: $10. -
Julius and Nellie Relmer- to Jettie K.
Vaughan (wife of Hiram G. Vaughan), lot
39, Ben Franklin Homestead; $10.
Hugh B. and Richard C. Jones, F. R. King,
Harris and Jones, J. M. Masten and Richard
C. Jones & Co. to C. M. and Mrs. C. M. Santa
Cruz, lot on AY line of Andover street, 150:2% S
of Courtland avenue, S 25:0%. W 93:7%, N 25, E
92:5. lot 22, block 0, Fair's subdivision of Holly
Park; also lot on W line of Andover street,
125:1% S of Courtland avenue. S 25:0%. W 92:5,
N 25, E 91:2%, lot 21, block 9, same: $10.
San Francisco Savings Union to Winifred W.
Potter, lots 12. 13 and 14; block E. Bella Vista
Park. East Oakland; $10.
Alameda County.
Lucy R. Lincoln to Lucy W. Dewing, lot 18,
block 6, San Pablo Avenue Villa Tract, war
ranty deed, Oakland Township; $10. "7.7 -•■■•
Dominic M. P. Fennon to Annie A. and John
J. Kennedy, all Interest In lot on S line of
Seventh street. 150 E of Jefferson, W 50. S 100,
E 50, N 100 to beginning, being lots 10 and 11,
block 68, Oakland; $10.
Margaret Tierney to John F. Dingwell. lot
on W line of West street, 51:10% N of Four
teenth, N 51:10% by W 90, being lot 11. block
A. North Oakland Homestead Association,
Oakland; $2750. .-■■* '■ 7
Jacob and Josephine Vtllier to Albert J.
Vlllier, lot on E line of Fifth street, 100 S of
Grayson, S 50 by E 136. being lots 15 and 16,
block 173, Grayson Tract, Berkeley; $300.
Builders' Contracts.
Jerome Milly (owner) with Fred Miller (con
tractor), architect H. Geilfuss. Excavating,
brick, carpenter and mill work and plastering
for 2 1-story frame cottages with rough base
ments on lot on N line of Tenth avenue, 163:6
E of Railroad avenue, E 50 by N 100; $2826.
Hyman and Isaac Wolf (owners) with Wil
liam Linden (contractor), architect Philip
Schwerdt. All work except shades, gas fix
tures, plumbing, painting and electric work
for 4 2-story frame buildings with basement and
attic on lot on N line of Ellis street, 60 W of
Gough. W-105, N 137:6, E 7?. S 37:6, W 30, S
100, Western Addition 154; $19,000.
Same owners with Allen & Looney (contrac
tors), architect same. Sewering, plumbing and
gasfltlng for game on same: $2420.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially In vlted to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the, world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can -always- be obtained regarding ,
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory, Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
en time or giving the error. If any. is published
In the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant, U. S. N , in charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
"Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
THURSDAY. MARCH 16.
Sun rlse3 6:18
Sun set? 6:19
Moon sets 11:51 p. m.
O Time Time! Time' Time
t» Ft. Ft. 1 Ft. Ft.
o H W L W HWJ L W
16 .. 2:08 5.6 9:01 0.4 3:51 4.1 8:30 2.8
17 2:54 5.4 10:06 0.5 5:14 3.9 9:30 2.S
18 3-50 5.2 11:16 0.5 6:41 4.0 10:50 3.2
19 . 4:45 4.9 12:28 0.6 7:50 4.3
L W H W L W IHW
20 0:16 3.2 6:06 4.6 1:16 0.6 8:35 4.5
21 '.. 1:30 3.1 7:14 4.6 2:01! 0.6 9:09 4-8
V .. 2:21 2.8 8:11 4.7J 2:39| 0.7 9:39 5.0
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given ls subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
March 15. 18».
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day
I. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Sc?Bmer.
C Nelson IPuget Sound [Mar. 16
State of Cal IPortland |Mar. 16
AcapulCO IPannma IMar. 16
Point Arena IPoint Arena IMar. IS |
Chllkat 'Humbnldt [Mar. 1« '
Arrata [Coos Bay Mar. 16
North Fork Humboldt IMar. 17 |
China China and Japan Mar. 17
Santa Rosa San Diego Mar. 17
Wyefleld Xanalmn Mar. 17
Mackinaw ITacoma IMar. 17
A. P.] :inohard..iCnos Bay Mar. 17
NVvi-hurg IGraya Harbor |Mar. 17
Queen IVirtoria & Puget Sound , Mar. IS
Pomona IHumboldt [Mar. 18
Wellington Ippparture Bay iMar. 18
Czarl na \ Seattle | Mar. IS
Coos Bay I Newport IMar. 19
Leplanaw 'Seattle Mar. 13
Luella iTlllamook Mar. 13
Colon iPanama Mar. 20
Proßreao ISeattle Mar.M
Bristol jl>eparture Bay Mar. 20
Crescent City... [Crescent City [Mar. 20
Woeott [Coos Bay Mar. 20
Columbia (Portland IMar. 21
Corona ! Pan Diego ! Mar. 21
Orizaba jNewport IMar. 23
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer, j Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Alliance ... 'Oregon Ports. .Mar. 16, 10 amlPler 20
Aloha [Point Arena.. l Mar. 16, 3 pm|Pler 2
Orizaba [Newport Mar. 17, 9 amjPier 11
Hongk'g M. [China & Japn Mar. 17. 1 pmPMSS
Umatilla ..-Vic & Pgt Sd. Mar. 17, 10 arniPier 9
Chllkat 'Humboldt Mar. 17, 2 pmlPler 13
Pt. Arena.. jPoint Arena.. 'Mar. 18. 3 pm Pier 2
Costa Rica. lAcapulco I Mar. 18, 12 miPMSS
Arcata | Coos Bay ! Mar. 18, 10 amipier 13
State of Cal Portland Mar. 19, VI am, Pier 2t
Santa RnsalPan Diego IMar. 19, 11 amlPler 11
A. Blanch'djCoos Bay | Mar. 19, 5 pnVPler 13
Acapulco ...Panama IMar. 20. 12 roIPMSa
Pomona {Humboldt IMar. 20, 2 pm;Pier 9
Coos Bay... (Newport Mar. 21. 'J ami Pier 11
Queen Vie & Ppt Sd. ,Mar. 22, 10 am:Pler 9
Alameda ..'Sydney (Mar. 22, 2 pmlPi^r 7
Weeott jYaqulna Bay. Mar. 22. 1 pmiPier 13
Corona 'San Diego 'Mar. 23, 11 amlPier 11
. . |Portlaa| (Mar. Zi^amiPier 34
j Destination.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED, y V ii J*
Wednesday. March 15.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgenson, 10 hours from Mosa
Stmr Orizaba. Hall. 65 hours from Newport
(S) etc
Stmr George Loomis, Bridgett. 34 hours from
Ventura. - i* '. '_-' , _
Stmr Washtenaw, Crosscup, 86 hours from
Tacoma. If'Yf . *_„.♦
Stmr Fulton, Levinson, 75 hours from Port
lflnr* ptc **' " "~-
Stmr Geo W Elder. Conway, 72 hours from
Portland, via Astoria.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, March 15.
Stmr Corona, Debney, San Diego; Goodall.
Perkins & Co. , y'f, „
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka; Goodall.
Perkins & Co. _
Ital ship Cavaliere Ciampa, Maresca, Genoa.
G W McNear.
SAILED. 'jl:
Wednesday. March 15.
Stmr Corona. Debney, San Diego.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka. .
Stmr Crescent City. StockHeth. Crescent City.
Haw bark Santiago. Entails. Hilo.
Schr Fred E Sanders, Carlsen, Port Gamble.
CHARTERS.
The Czar leads mdse for Mazatlan. etc.
The F S Redfield loads lumber at Port Gamble
for Honolulu. The Leicester Castle loads ni
trate at Taltal for United Kingdom.
SPOKEN.
Feb 19, lat 7 S. long 31 W— Ship Ronoake,
from Baltimore, for San Francisco.
Nov 22, lat 36 S. long 131 W— Br ship Car
narvon Bay, from Tacoma. for Queenstown.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOR* is. March 15, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind SE; velocity 24 miles.
MISCELLANEOUS.
VICTORIA, March 15— Stmr Dirigo has been
picked up by tug Tees and towed to Juneau.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived March 15— Stmr
Novo, hence March 14; stmr Sequoia, from
Newport IS).
SAN PEDRO— Arrived March 14— Schr Lucy,
from Umpqua. /
POINT ARENA— Sailed March Schr Rio
Rey, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived March 15— Stmr National
City, hence March 13; stmr Pasadena, from Saa
Pedro; stmr Chilkat. hence March 13.
PORT TOWNSEND— In port March 15— Stmr
Queen, for San Francisco.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed March 15— Stmr Alca
zar, for San Pedro.
Arrived March Stmr Whltesboro. hence
March 14.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived March 15— Schr No
komls, from Port Ludlow.
Sailed March 15— Schr William Renton. for
Honolulu: schr J M Colman. for San Pedro.
EVERETT— SaiIed March 15— Schr Enterprise,
for San Francisco. ' ; v"
SEATTLE— Arrived March Stmr Willa
mette, hence March 12. '•
ASTORlA— Arrived March Stmr Signal,
from Seattle.
Sailed March 15— Ship Peru, for Queenstrwa^
Br ship Achnashle. for Queenstown; Elmo**
for ; French bark Grande Duchesse Olgak
for Queenstown. ..-*•'
PORT LUDLOW— March 15— Schr N*
komis, for Port Gamble.
FOREIGN PORTS.
PORT ADELAIDE— SaiIed March 14— Bark
Carrollton, for Newcastle, Aus, to load for San
Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— March 13— Br stmr
Empress of Japan, from Vancouver.
HONGKONG— SaiIed March 14— Stmr City of
Rio de Janeiro, to load for San Francisco.
NANTES— Feb 27— Fr bark Touralne.
for Swansea to load for San Francisco.
SYDNEY— SaiIed March 15— Stmr Mariposa.
for San Francisco. _^__^_^_^_^^_____
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
__. Steamers leave Broadway
lßo>)fc__ wharf. San Francisco: v
I nS9ir-_- For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m., A
l^SrUHJtta Mar. 12 - 17. 22, 27: Apr. 1; '
\ kM_7sK^_ change at Seattle.
I ___ft_9Bl 3_&3 For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
i -KB-frjiffWl fl **•)• Port Townsend, Seattle.
lr^^H_Bß Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.),
10 a. m.. Mar. 12. 17. 22.
27; Apr. L and every fifth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N.
P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m., Mar.
10. 15. 20, 25. 80; Apr. 4. and every fifth day
thereafter. _■ _,
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. Mar. 9. 13, 17. 21. 25. 29; Apr.
2. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
j m., Mar. 11. 15. 19. 23, 27, 31; Apr. 4. and every
i fourth day thereafter. '-'''•', At
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Joee del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. Mar. 10:
April 6. ' ■ ' , _. ,_
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to changa
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing. ■ „ ' .
TICKKT OFFICE -4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE M 2 First Clas*» including Berth*
InnC &8 Second Clas* and Meal*.
Columbia sails March 14. 24; April 3. 13, 23.
State of California sails March 19, 29; April
8. 18. 28.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points ln the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
-.r-r Superintendent. k
Compagnie Generaie Transatlantique.
(French Line*
DIRECT LINE TOHARVE-PARIS _a^.a»,
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday <2j]fjJ>
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42. North ■JHMMBBfch |
' River, foot of Morton street.
! LA TOURAINE March 25
I LA NORMANDIE April 1
LA CHAMPAGNE April 8
LA BRETAGNE April 15
LA TOURAINE April 22
First-class to Havre. $6." and upward. 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second-class to
Havre, $45, 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATE3
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, !
I 5 Montgomery aye., San Francisco. _^
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARIS.
From New Tork Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul February 22[St. Paul Maroh. li
St. Louis March 1 St. Louis March a
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 11 noon.
Kensington — Feb'y li Southwark March I
Noordland Feb'y 22 Westernland.. March IS
Friesland March li Kensington.... March 23
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle, St. Michael, Dawson City.
For lull Information regarding freight and pa*.
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
SO Montgomery St.. < Ny of its agencies
TOYO KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR- W
ncr First and Brannan streets, 1 p.m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
\ India, etc. No cargo received on board oa day
of sailing.
; HONGKONG MARU Friday. March II
NIPPON MARU Wednesday, April 11
AMERICA MARU Saturday. May «
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, . corner First.'
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
fB-KBllMlldl S. S. ALAMEDA
iRM PI aiT sails via Honolulu and
fc" 11 * * Auckland for Sydney
y "* Wednesday, March 22.
rsffS^\y\ at 10 p. m.
MfrrcninJ The S. S. Australia
HodlllJlliy^ sails for Honolulu
•@pWb a™p ce m ay ' April 6
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa, New Zealand. Australia. India. Suez,
England, etc.; $610 first class.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts-. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office, 327 Market St
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
i TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE.
PARIS-LONDON— HAMBURG.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE,
NEW YORK— HAMBURG DIRECT.
N. CHERBOURG HAMBURG.
For sailings, etc.. apply to •
HAMBURG-AMERICAN Line, 37 B'way. N. Y.
HERZOG & CO.. Gen. Agts. Pacific Coast,
401 CALIFORNIA ST., cor. Sansome, and
118 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVEB ST-eiAJfJEBS.
FOR l). S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello." Xsx.
Mon.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and feat., at 9:45 a.
m.. 8:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. ■ night) : Friday*
1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays 10:30 a', m.. 8 p. in.
Landing and office. Mlsslon-at. Dock. Pier Not
I. Telephone, Main 1508. .
FARB ,,,,.. .,..,, .MELBA AND DE LUSSAN
TRIUMPH IN "BOHEME"
IT "WAS like the opening all over
again at the opera last nl«ht. with
the difference that the opera. "La
Boheme," with Melba and De Lus
san in the cast and Seppilli at the
baton, was marvelously sung, acted
and played. The crowd was gay and
glittering and filled the big opera houso
to the last seat and overflowed into the
aisles, doorways and corners. Stout
men' and matrons sardined in cracks
and crevices where even the slim would
usually scorn to squeeze. Carriages
congested for several blocks on Mission
street. The applause inside the great
auditorium made the very roof rattle.
It was a big night. When the season
is over it will doubtless be remembered
is the biggest night of all.
Puccini's "La Boheme" was the
opera, and all glory be to Mcl I for
being the first great songstress to real
ize and exploit this remarkable work!
Her success in the part of Mimi was
overwhelming, and this success means
much to th- young Italian eomooser.
It advertises his work to the whole
musical world, and will help him to
taste the sweets of fame while he still
lives. Mascagni and Leoncavallo came
into their own at a jump. Puccini is
not without honor in his own country.
ENTRANCE OF MIMI (MELBA) IN THE STUDIO SCENE,
but it is only in the last couple of
years that his mUsic has attained to
myth like an international reputa
tion. Even to-day in many '- the cap
itals of Europe he is spoken of merely
as one of the foremost of the younger
Italian musicians. But give him a hear
ing with a company and an orchestra
and a leader like those of last night
and Puccini can speak for himself so
that there will be no difficulty in recog
nizing him as the finest Italian after
Verdi.
Puccini brings Italy up to the present
tense. By writing in the modern idiom
and uniting the saccharine notions of
the earlier Italy with the sterner
drarnaisms of modern Germany he has
struck on an ideal scheme for lyric
drama. He has Indeed done more than
any other modern to make- "Italian
opera" something better than a term of
reproach. And again I say all praise
to IfettM for giving Puccini's master-
piece the .benefit of a complete, au
thoratative performance.
"La Boheme" is not new to San Fran
cisco. We are, in truth, its pioneer ap
preciates among -English speaking
peoples. The little Dei Conte band of
Italian singers gave us almost a dozen
performances of the "Boheme" during
the winter of '97, and whatever the
shortcomings of these singers in an ex
tended repertory', they went about their
work in this opera lovingly and under
standing^ and we learned to place it
at Its true value.
The entire scheme of the piece is
fragrant, delicate and symmetrical. It
is, you might say, an opera without an
effort. The dear old Bohemian sketches
of Murger have been fashioned into a
sufficient, if not brilliant, book, and
each episode and each character is
GRAPE-NTTTS.
000©G©©©©000005©S©©©©©
IDo You Like j
I Goodies ? |
A *9
5 9
9 Try g
| Grape=Nuts j
g Fop breakfast, J
2 lunch or dinner. %
io9@#©©9©os©©©©©©®e©©«
A WINNING NOVELTY.
This food, Grape-Nuts, has a way all
its own of winning friends by its pe-
culiar "sweet but not sweet" . taste.
Persons once becoming accustomed to
having Grape-Nuts for breakfast or
lunch, find the meal is not complete
when the favorite crisp dainty is miss-
ins.
BY ASHTON STEVENS.
skillfully sketched In the music. The
strings and woodwind are given full
sway In the orchestration, the brass is
used but frugally and the percussion
instruments hardly at all. Delicacy and
suggestion are the watchwords. The
old Italian mode of aria, duo, trio and
quartet are done away with. The
songs and the concerted numbers spring
out of the action of the play, which la
always sustained by both singers and
orchestra. Every character is given a
positive musical identity, and the
"motives" are introduced and reintro
duced with almost Wagnerian effect.
There is a splendid blend of the pas
sionate, the pathetic, the brilliant and
the comic. Puccini runs the gamut of
the emotions. In the first act, where
the four musketeers of Bohemia are
pitted one against the other, the very
orchestration smarts with epigrams.
Even in that wonderful death scene In
the last act there is a potent touch of
semi-comic relief. How different this
death scene of M. mi's is to the frilled
pathos of Violetta's pulmonary decease
in "Traviata!" And that quartet which
closes the third act, where Mimi and
Rodolphe are singing a tender, ro
mantic duet as they are about to part
and Musette and Marcello join them in
' the sharp music of a quarrel episode —
j it Is a prodigious contrapuntal accom
i plishment;
And as it was sung last night it
; fairly lifted the audience out of its
J chairs. Eleven times was the curtain
j rung up at the close of this act. At the
| eighth time Sepelli was led in between
i Melba and De Lussan and the cheers
| and handclapping and boot thunder
! became deafening. "Bis! Bis! Bis!"
i shouted the • European element. "En
| core! Encore! Encore!" yelled the na
. tives. But the next three "curtains"
were taken by Melba and Pandolfini
and Melba alone, and the quartet was
not repeated. De Lussan had made a
tremendous impression in the role of
Musette, which has its best opportuni
! ties in this act, and during the entr'acte
; gossip ran rife in the lobby and the old
j story of professional jealousy was
| bandied about again. "De Lussan."
wagged the wicked tongues, "has. been
indiscreet enough to do too well."
Of course you and I who care noth
\ ing about the private emotions of stage
; folk will take little stock and little in
terest in such gossip. Still the fact re
mains that De Lussan did make a
mighty hit and the audience did intend
! a share of those shouts for her. It was
| De Lussan's first appearance, too. you
: know. Well, she does Carmen to-mor
row night with the center of the stage
all to herself, and if her Carmen lives
up to the promise in her Musette you
will see some warm applause safely de
livered. . 'yyy.
Melba's Mimi was really ideal from
every standpoint, except perhaps that
' of physique, for she Is a rather sturdy
picture of Murger's delicate heroine.
Her singing and her acting were per
] feet. There was a note of pathos in
that voice of hers that I never have
i heard before. In the big love scene
I with ! Rudolfo and in the death scene
! she evoked the silent tear as well as
I the noisy hand.* Her conception of the
character was subtle and refined. - In
: this most modern part she used the
best of modern craftsmanship, never
; obtruding the operatic personality of
; the prima donna, never overdoing. It
would not be difficult for the wrong
woman to make Mimi out to be the
very lachrymose,, maudlin jade that
' Puccini and his librettist have con
: spired so carefully to avoid. Melba at
i tacked the part with sympathy and
j with moderation. She made us feel the
; powers of repression and suggestion,
' and got the full vocal and dramatic
effect without once resorting to the
; atric excess. Mimi must be counted
: among her greatest achievements, as
splendid indeed as is her Marguerite.
De Lussan is of that type that I can
describe only as the Carmen type. She
is full of high spirits, devilment and
surprise; her voice is rich and of a
beautiful breadth, and there is a half
diabolic streak in It that is irresistible.
And she can act. Her humor is unerr
ing. In the cafe scene she carried
everything before her, and in the quar
rel with Marcello in the act following
her display of temper was something
delicious. I will wager that De Lus
san's Carmen strikes sparks.
Rudolfo was satisfactory but not re
THE SA_N" FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MABCH 16, 1899.
-—
markable In the hands of Pandolflnl.
This tenor acts th« part better than
Agostinl did in the Del Conte produc
tion, but he has not Agostlnl's peculiar
boyish, reed-llks voice that found such
perfect vent in Rudolfo's music It
wouldn't be a bad idea for Mr. Ellis to
look up Agostinl before presenting the
"Boheme" to New York. Not that Pan
dolflnl is bad in the part, nor that Agos
tinl would be particularly valuable in
any other part; but by one of those
freaks of vocal fortune Agostinl has
perhaps the best voice (if he hasn't
hacked it to pieces by this time singing
impossible roles) in the world for Ru
dolfo.
• The Bohemians were all well cared
for. Bensaude made a vividly impetu
ous character of Marcello. Boudour
eque was a humorous Colline, although
his "Farewell to the Coat" In the last
act was altogether too profound, and
Zane again substituted the still indis
posed De Vries, who was to have been
the Schaunard. There was not a dis
aster in the entire cast, which from end
to end was well nigh perfect. And the
performance as a whole was deal. The
stage pictures were elaborate and beau
tiful and the stage management fault
less. Seppilli led with nothing short
of inspiration. His handling of the
great orchestra and the chorus in the
cafe act was of itself a triumph. How
he did bring out the leap and sizz and
mock swagger in the comedy moments!
And in the romantic and tragic episodes
he was equally fortunate.'
Where so much of the orchestra is
given to the strings and reeds an over
anxious leader could easily suggest
licentiousness where none is intended.
Seppilli worked with a versatility of
moods, giving color, fun. sensuousness
and tranquillity where they were due
and never losing his poise.
I dislike to be forever making sugges
tions to people who think they know
their own business better than I do, but
I do think that a first-rate concert pro
gramme played by Seppiili and this
New York symphony orchestra would
be about as nice a thing as could hap
pen to the town' on a Sunday night.
THE BOUNDS WILL BUN.
Dogs That Were Entered Last Even
ing for the Union Coursing
ifark Meeting.
The drawing for the coursing meeting
at Union Park, which will be held on
Saturday and Sunday, took place last
evening and resulted as follows:
Puppy stake; entries .2; total prize. 1140:
drawing Pasha Kennels' Rod of Ashe aw. R.
E. de- Lopez' Santa AnA; Monkhouse's Crazy
Ellen' vs. Milo Kennels' Miss Richmond: S.
Slal-oaey's Chief _>' the Hill vs. R. E. d-; Lopez'
Santa Rita: Pasha Kennels' Rollicking: Airs vs.
R. E. de Lopez' Santiago; R. E. de Lopez'
Santa Inls vs. Curley & Reiliy's Star of Cuba:
J. Pertgo's Onward vs. Mi! - Kennels' Rock
Island King: George Ehmann's Handicap vs.
B. -Wood's Black Night; Pasha Kennels' Run
amuck vs. P. Kirwin's Lady Garnett; J. Pert
go's Controller vs. J. Monkhouse's Black Dot;
Pasha Kennels' Rally Again vs. Milo Kennels'
Miss Rabbit: M. Monaseh's Golden Rod vs.
Daly <& Stevens' Shylock Boy.
Open stake; 5S dogs; total prize, ISO. '■•'■-. draw
ins Low. & Thompson's St. Ortn vs. A Ms?
sey's Llghtfoot; Hurley & Reiliy's O. EC Capitol
vs. Aeneid Kennels' Pretender; F. Moran's
Snapshot vs. Pa.-ha Kennels' Recent Arrival;
P. Harvey's Lilly King vs. J. Seggerson's Gold
Hill; Milo Kennels' Victor King vg. N". Lon
don's Sharkey: E. Scully's Capadura vs. Kay &
Trant's Christmas Day: Handy & Smith's
Jenny Wilson vs. D. G. Haaicy's Rusty Gold;
Kelly <%; Foley's Farewell vs. M. London's Mag
neto; George Sharman's Wait a Little vs. Bel
mont Kennels' Belmont Boy; J. Keenan's
Royal Buck vs. Rincon Kennels' Flashlight; A.
Massey's Hadiwist vs. J. Ma_jzini's !
Beau Peep; Rincon Kennels' Wolf Tone
vs. T. A. GaiTney's Sir . John Arnott; j
T Butler's Susie vs. F. Moran's Bit of Fash- '
ion; Daley & Sleblen's Exile vs. Pasha Ken
nels' Fair Helen: Handy & Smith's Dauntless
vs. Handy & Smith's Ida: J. J. Edmonds'
Morning Glory vs. O. I. Olson's Sunburst: Kay
& Trant's Sylvia vs. F. Sweeney's Tornado; E.
& R. Scott's Lord Byron vs. Mllo Kennels*
lima; William Trainer's Jesse Moore vs. J.
Seggerson's Candeiaria: Pasha Kennels' Metal
lic vs. J. Kiernan'j Fear Not: George Whit
ney's Theron vs. F. Moran's . False Flatterer:
A Johnson's Tod Sloan vs. Aenetd Kennels'
Maid of Erin: A Johnson's Mountain Beauty
vs. F- Moran's Golden Russet: Rincon Kennels'
Swedish Vs. W. Cramer's Jersey Lily; W. F.
Hobbs' Mercy May vs. Pasha Kennels' Emm
Pasha: C. E. Clifford's White Rocket vs. S.
Hansen's L. S. Conley; J. Seggerson's "White
Chief vs. D. J. Healey's Dick L: Handy __
Smith's Petronius vs. F. Price's Madge Wild
fire. •Y-yjr'y- .y'^'f: :i .Y'Y'-Yy~-f :
* »
The California Camera Club lecture
is postponed until the 24th of March,
and will be held at Odd Fellows' Hall
Instead of Metropolitan - Temple. *;*--■
The hearing organs of animals is not al
ways located in the head. In . some
grasshoppers it is in the forelegs, and ap
pears on the wings of many Insects.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, .with
or without removal. J. >*'_._-_--, -i-_ 3 Misaioa.
BOOKIES ARE
GREATLY MISSED
IT THE TRACK
Small Bettors Have
No Chance.
• ■ ■■ ; yb . " ■ .
ATTENDANCE WAS VERY LIGHT
WINY AH WON THE OCCIDENTAL
STAKE.
Charley " Thorpe Piloted a Winner.
Pat Dunne Took Two Purses
With Survivor and Jinks.
Pour Choices Lose.
All wagering at Mr. Corrigan's track
yesterday waa dene under ■ cover. No
plunging was indulged in and the two
dollar bettor never had a chance. - The
bookies or. the ground regretted this, for
the card presented a most pleasing bet
ting proposition, and but two favorites se
cured brackets. Yy.
In the opening four-furlong scramble
for two-year-olds. Lomond, with Thorpe
up, 'beat the barrier and eventually won |
by a narrow margin. Th*. favorite, Alary's
Garter, led Glissando out four lenghta for
the place.
The steeplechase proved a legacy for
Ed Corrigan. His gelding Vanity led
throughout, beating Lord Chesterfield, the
favorite, nearly a sixteenth of a mile.
Our Climate and Monita dumped their
riders, leaving the show a gift for Hunts
man, which once ran off the course.
The gathering, for it could scarcely be
designated a crowd, conceded the Occi
dental stake for ear-olds, at four
and a half furlongs, to Corrigan's St. An
thony, and the St. Andrew youngster was
favorite in the underground betting. He !
chased out ln the lead with Morbid and
was then beaten hands down by Ezell's
Hanover filly Wlnyah, piloted in clever,
fashion by Ivy Powell. Ten to 1 was ob
tainable against the winner.
Ezell's luck was still with him. and the
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
INGLESIDE RACE TRACK, Wednesday, March 15, 1899.—
eighth day of the Winter Meeting of the Paciflc Coast Jockey Club.
Weather rainy. Track sloppy.
EDWIN F. SMITH. Presiding Judge.
JAMES F. CALDWELL, Staner.
OQl) FIRST RACE— Four furlongs; two-year-olds; purse. «*>.
Weight.
m
%m.
Str.
Fin. '
Index. Horse.
752 Lomond ...111! 3
Sl5 Alary 1 s Garter 103 3
733 Glissando 104! 3
630 Nina .....10S| 4
817 Daniel 104] 1
815 Gusto 104| «
815 Palapa 101! 7
...
...
2 3
1 2
4 5
5 1
s
2 4
i 4
4 *
3 1
1 1
24
3 2
4 S
5 1
6
.'Thorpe I T-5
H. Martin | 6-5
i Powell- ... 8
Henri---- I 6
E. J0ne5......! 15
Gray .... I •
McXlchois ... 15
3-2
1
10
S
25
— j
••Pulled up.
. . Winner. Burns & Waterhotme's b. c. by imp. M: '.
Won tan I 3 ■ ■ - - : ■irr.-'.r.g.
OrtQ SECOND RACE— Steeplechase; short course; four-year-elds and upward; purse,
&J.tJ» $400.
I
Index. Horses. Age. Weich-
! ~
tndex. Horses. Age. Weight. St. IJ.
805 Vanity. 4 ....127J 1 2H
7SB Lord Chesterfield, 5.144! 3 3 %
SCS Huntsman, a 14S! 2 12
(3f»5) Our Climate. « IB 4 4 4
SOB Mcnita, a 1381 » 5
IJ. W. J.
11 22
3 3 11
Itt 3 1
4 4
«
I*. J.
1 20
*
Str.
1 30
Betting.
Fin. I Jockeys . Op. Cl.
1 40 McAnllffe .... 3 3
2 Mauler .... 8-5 6-5
Hanna S 12
Doane 5-4 I
Tubervllie . ..." i 10
■ finished.
Time— 4:B%. Winner. E. Corrlgan's b. g. by Rio Bravo-V!r?le.
easily. - -v.
Good start.
Wjn
CO A THIRD RACE— F^ur and a half furlongs; two-year-olds; selling; the Occidental
O-^-*T» stakes: value, $1000. •
Weight. (St.
%m.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
'
: Bet
Index. Horse.
813 l? a IS^v::::::::iS! 1 -:::" ::: 'tl ■::: 11l P-x*'' n .... {. «i
2 1 ... 2 2 H. Martin....' 1 6-5
(774) Morbid 106 1 3 ... ... lh ... SI |E. Jonea ! 2 9-5
753 Ella Boland 110' " 3ft ... 4 h jHennessy .... 3 7-2
'«26 Jennie Rlley 100)6 8 /;.r. 513 J. Rein!..' ; 6 12
Sl7 Bamboulla ■■ 108 1 2 5 3 ... 6 Rutter [ 8 12
Time— 3-16. :IS%: 7-16. :30; 9-18, :42H. Winner, I*. H. Ezell's eh. t. by Hanover-Elotse.
Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving. ■
jn oJS FOURTH RACE — Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. s'.
•■im.
Km.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
(19 Kamain. 6.... 108 o
Sl2 Jingle Jlnele. 3.. 02 3
682 Petrarch, 8....: 109 2
SIS Cavallo, 5 108 7
(757) Ricardo. a I'M 8
8)4 Winifred, 3 103 8
771 Chappie. 5 104 I
7-0 Novia, 4 93 9
802 Gold Fin. 3 93 11
?04 Magnus. 4 10til2
812 Crossmolina, 3 .97110
702 Master Buck, 3. 90! 4
Sl4 Greyhurst, 5.. 104! t
3%
8 1
1 h
5 %
4 1
8 I
2 h
M h
: h
v
2 h
5 h
l i
4 M
3 I
« ;
ii
1 2 ! Hennessy '
2 % . J. Re Iff.
3 i iMackiin
4 4 Hahn
t (Romero
iH. Martin
7 : IMcNichols ...
IBaasinger
|S. Stimpson..
10 ? Gray
11 I Joe Weber....
Hi 8r0wn....
Janet
I !
i
4
25
6
20
20
S-5
25
S
15
12
5-2
•Pulled up. +Bolte«i.
Time— Vi, :25*ri: ' 30: V IK'-.. Winner, I*. H. Ezell's b. g. by glazes-Miss Hall.
Good start. ' Won easily. Second and third driving.
COO FIFTH RACE— One and an eighth mites;
O — V>« purse, $500. ■ ifliil
selling;
three-year-olds and upward:
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. :
Std.
Urn. %m.
«4m.
Str.
Fin.
.!
731 Surv4vor. 3 1021 2 2 1
803- Llmewater, 3 96] 1. 1 1 4
SO7 -inel. 4 SS 5^ .4 1
794 Red Glenn, a 108! 4 5
434 Los Medanoa, 3 1061 3 3 h
3 1
2 S
1 1
4 3
••'5
I I
1 h
4 3
3 1
I
1 h
2 VA
4.5
3 2
5
1 «
2 1
4 10
3 2
5
1 34 !H. Martin .... | 3-3
2 1 IMcXicfaols ... «
3 Mi iLoullller .. 12
4 12 IRutter ; 3
5 i Hennessy . . ' 8
1-2
?
13
3-2
8
Time— H.. -.25U,: 4. ,51<4; %, 137%: mile/ 1:44%; OS miles, 1:57%. 'Winner. P. Dunne's b.
c by Strathmore-EUa F. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Scratched— Adolph Spreckels 104.
qqiv SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs: selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse. $+W.
Horse. Age. W?
Ura.
%m.
Str.
"
inc.
Cl.
fSO2> Jinks. 3 102! 2 ->• ... 15 It 16 110 H. Martin 1-3 1-3
(813) Ed Gotland 11, 4.. 105 1 3 ... 2h • 2 3 2 3 2*4 IMcNichols ... 4 4
797 ' Wyoming 1 MS! 5 ... 5 2 4 14 56 3 1- :Hennessy 4 4
820 Tony Ucalzi. 5 101! 6 ... 620 r, 34 4 3 J. ReifT 8 10
M Rio Chlco. 3 10214 ... 33 3 3 i« . 515 |I. Powell 4 3
797 Pat Murphy, a Ml ... 4$ 640 « 100 6 100 Gray 10 13
... Sellntte, 4." 101 7 •■- 7 7 7 Basslnger .... 15 30
Time— V , :24 1 4; »4, :49%: «4. 1:14%: Winner. P. Dunne's b. f. by imp. Albert -Hoodoo.
Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving. •
Scratched— Montanus 105. Heigh Ho 99. El Salalo 109, Don Gara 107.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
.♦.♦;♦;♦ &♦s+©+©*€ ♦ _r»©+<-?»® *©♦©*©»©»©♦<■>»© »2♦! ♦ • ♦
I jjHP^i To Afflicted Men.
4" 'mbh? ' If -* ou want the services of skilled spe-
® 4slP-$-^ I§A cialists, physicians who have become
£■ $?&§!?? <6Baiw(_t!-_--S^-S famous' by curing their patients, consult
I m Im9m> dr. MEYERS & GO.
£A, \ »^B. . Xy^y- Yt^J These doctors are masters of the ail-
+. /// \S Wmk. 1 M. —. .._fe-I /£ nients'that ruin men. They have made a
® * /mi?%&ss!'- i j^t__\\^A iff life study -of such troubles and are bet- '
"** * '^^^m\w^m £__I_H__U ''/ ter prepared than ever to maintain their
® / jy/f'/\ Present high standing as successful phy-
'+ <yf^ /. -y<^&&^-i\> f \t^mm &■ Their institution, which wa.-» founded
® -^P^tr. ___\_WsfflzC. in ISSI - is the be3t «l' al PP e<i °* lts kind In
"*" < %Meafm X ■ _iv^^_M^^^'^^^^ the worlfJ - Their remedies, while the
® ' l^^^-^y 1 most effective ever discovered, are
- ' * '' harmless.
■+- "We have such faith la cur ability that we will lot patients deposit the prlc«
® of a cure in any bank or with any responsible business house or newspaper in
.*. San Francisco, to be paid to us only when cure M made, or we will accep*
£ monthly payments if preferred. (Signed) DR. MEYERS & CO."
•¥• Falling powers. loss of vital force, etc.. brought on by youthful errors or
® excesses in after life- overwork or worry, and all contracted ailments, includ-
-+-. Ing contagious blood poisons, come under this offer. '
® HO/VIE CURES. FREE ADVICE. PRIVfITEBOOK.
fHOME CURES. FREE ADA/ICE. only, advice and treatise
If you cannot call, write for free book for men only, advice and treatise
® on any disease. All letters confidential. No printing on envelopes or packages
+ to indicate name of sender. Prices reasonable.
i DR. MEYERS & C 0. ,731 ."SUEf--
® TAKE ELEVATOR. Hours, Bto 5 daily; Evenings, 7to 8; Sundays, 9to 1.
Quaker-looking horseman topic the six
furlong sprint that followed with old
Kamsin. The invisible layers of odds laid
as good as 1. to 1 against the bald-faced
gelding, and he surprised everybody by
winning easily from Jingle Jingle. Novia.
j the favorite, once showed as good as fifth,
■ but eventually finish*?*! back in the ruck.
With Adolph Spreckels scratched, the
1 mile and a furlong run gaTe Pat Dunne's
Survivor little trouble in winning. Martin.
! who had the mount, waited on Limewater
and then won as he. pleased. Mortnel
came very fast the last part, finishing a
close third. ..ii
The closing six furlong selling sprint
served to show what a really good filly
Jinks 13. She was entered to be sold for
i $554, and made laughing stock of her com
pany. In a hard drive Ed Gartland took
I the place from Wyoming.
Track Notes.
But flvo races are down for decision on
to-day's programme.
While being galloped by an exercise boy
at the track yesterday morning Tammany
Hall II ran out at the stretch turn and,
colliding with tha outside fence, tore a
hole in his side as large as a water
bucket The veterinary called to attend
the sprinter's injuries said it was doubtful
if he would survive.
To-Day's Entries.
First R»ce— One mile; selling; three-year-olds
and upward.
733 Sch'niU 114 795 Judge Woffort.. 93
811 Bonnie lone 105 Sl3 __ad_Ue ... 93
794 Major Hooker.. lo7: 825 Cro_smolln& .... 91
SIS Ann-wan 96] SK Master Buck.... 93
SU Ulm 9*l
Second Race— Four furlongs; two-year-olds.
Kitty Kelly 110: 817 -..quoc 10*
SITES Arte 103! 115 Koienft •-•-•-— l'«
SO* ...-bo 10* Sl7 Sir Hampton. ...lo*
813 Mortgage ... 110:
Third Race— One and a. quarter miles; hurdle
handicap; over flve hurdles.
733 Tortonl 147| SU. Joe Cotton ;;_
' SO 1 Granger MB Dur ward *-«
SW St. Jacob 133! SUJi'C £$
805 Three Forks..... 134 1 8U Imp. Allen l-»
Fourth Race— One mile; three-year-old- ; sell
ing. -Y'f. ■
803 -halfback 196 19 Rey Hooker 103
SU The Fretter 106 (780) Espionage 103
780 Wing 101. (751) Jerry Hunt ....11
--... Balitsta 103 i
Fifth Race — Seven furlongs; handicap.
S2. Red. -Glenn 100', 809 Joe Mussle...... 87
(SO-.)Formero ... 103, 527 Ed Gartland.... 90
735 Midlight 37 1 ..'5 t-in>*water SO
Selections for To-Day.
First Race — {Jim, Annowan, Judge Wofford.
Second Race— Kitty . Kelly. Sir Hampton,
Mortgage.
Third Race— St. Jacob. DurwaM, Ter'.
Fourth Espionage, Balllat*. Whale
back.
Fifth Formero, Midlight. Limewater.
ADV^BTISEITE-SrTS.
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
j^^ Makes a specialty of bot-
lf\t_^_\W^ ec^ €ers f° r am y use -
The materials used for
WE their brews are the very
?/(i^\y best obtainable both in
fc^^i^i this country and abroad.
CORN, which Is so generally used by other brewers, does not
enter into the products of the
ANHEUSER-BUSCH BREWING ASS'N, .
hence their motto, "Not How Cheap, but How Good."
ddT /_*- H/^i • —"the Greatest of Tonics." Invigorates.
&fi£lll7£yy€4tfotlo rejuvenates and prolongs life.
Simple Home Dyes.
i Any One Can Use ' Diamond Dyes
With Success.
i Beautiful Colors That Are Fast to
Light and Washing.
Diamond Dyes are prepared specially ;
! for home use, and the directions are so
. plain and simple that any one can use i
them successfully.
All the fast Diamond Dyes make
j colors that will not fade. They are '
I guaranteed to do more dyeing-, package
for package,, than any other dyes.
If you want success in home . dyeing
j use Diamond Dyes and nothing- else.
&Co.,jggV
Cl ."patents; >)
V_3*^3so MARKET ST. SI. +3m^
f^%, I)*. Gibbon's Dispensary,
fl^ois 625 KEAB-TT ST. __--abU_-Se«_
BSpf r^Hrl ln 1854 forthe treatment of Prlvats
«a.-L«_.-^^* Dtsensfs, if anhood. Debility or
H2.'»KE..BST!»T. Eacabllafc-d
in 1954 for the treatment of Prlvats
em, L«jBt i_a.nhn<xl. I>b_Ut7 or
Es«S@a*2_lla disease wearing oil bodyand mind ana
Sltfti Diseases, ihe doctor cures when
: ai_l^_a®fl otters -all. Try him. Charges low
Cnre»ifu»r»_it*^«i. C-i!orw:i:a. ■
3>-. J. t- »-IB_JO>". So a. i'Ji'.SAL. Fraa'_l_co.
BATLBOAD TRAVEL.
ClllFOim NOETHVESTESN IT. CO. |
I-i-ESSE-ED
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Ttbnron^ Ferry. Foot o- Market fft.
SAN FR-A.NCIdCO TO B-VN RAyA_CI*
WEES DAYS—":*-. 9Y.Q. 11:00 a. m.-. IS-.M.
t:JO. 5:10, *.3ti p. sa. Thur-diys— Extra trta
at 11:30 p. m Siturdaya— -Ir.lra trip* at 1.-M
aad 11:30 p n_-
SUNDAYS— 3^O. 9-», 11:00 a. __.; VM. t*K ;
5:«, '-, J- 3-
S\-N RAFAEL TO SAN T?-.\XCZSCO.
WEEK DATS— B:IO. 7:5., 5:10, 11:1- a. m. ; '_»:«,
S -«r 5:10 p. m. Saturdajr* — trtp* as
1:85 and 8:3.'. p. m-
BUND AYS— 4:IO. 9:i<^ U:l» a. a.; 1:*». M-k
5:00, 8:23 P. _--
B«tw*«h San Prandsce aad Bclineta«i Par*
fiLexa Mhtdale aa abo^a. ■
' L«av. Arrive
Gar. Pr»a-i»co. In Effect i San Fraacisoa.
» — Octo!»r 1«. ■ ■
Week i Sun- U9B- Sun-, i Week
CajrVi. : Days. nation. da 7». * daya. .
"* v *-. iM am K*wato, 13:40 8:40 ara
1:3-. pm 9:30 am. Pet-U;:ma '-10 19:36 aa
1:10 pm, 5:00 pm, Santa Rosa, 7:35 pm, 8:23 pea
»■' — •
Fultoa.
T :1C am IF-_:ton. 30^3 aaa
Windsor. 30a» aaa
Eaa_*i_barx.
Lyttaa.
, Geyservtne,
|:*5 pm l:flC am, Cl.-sverd_uie. 7:35 pm la pa
» — I * ' -" ~~~" ""
Hoplasd and
T:33 am. Ukiah. [7:38 pm* 6 .--3 pta
»:» asa, ' . „ »«•«
I Brto ami Oternay-rtlle. T:SS pcx,
t:»pra; ___] 8:13 pta
7:30 am B^o amt Sonoma 10:« ami I:*, as.
and
1:10 pta UK» pm Qien Elian. 8:10 pas; 8:33 yam
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebaatopo.. 10:40 ami 18: am
1:30 pm 5:00 pmj 7:88 pml 8:33 pa
SC-CM connect at Santa Kasa for Mark ,W««*
Bprituja; at Lrtton for Lytton Spring-.: at Oey-
- aervUle for Ska**. Sprlajrs; at Cloverdale far .
the Geyser.; at Hopland for Duncan 3prin«-U j
Highland Springs, Ke'.seyviUe. Carl-bad j
6prtr_r-, Soda Bay. Lakepcrt and Bartlett
Bprlass: 'at Ukiah for Vichy Spring-. Saratoga
Eurtnga. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Wltt»r |
Eortngs. Upper Lake, Porno. Pottar Valley, |
l"b- Day's. Riverside. L!erley*a. BudmeU'a. i
: eajSedrtn Heights. HullvUle. Bconevir.e. Orr'g I
! Hot Springs. Mendocino City. Port Bragg. l
Westport. T'sa.l. Wlllltts. Laytonvtlle, C«E_>
etas'-. Bell's Sprtnga, HarrU. Olaea's, Dye*
I-.tia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
redu.ed rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all potato
beyond San Rafael at half rate*.
Ticket Of Sees, 850 Market it.. Chronicle kite
H. C. WHITING. „ X- X. RYAN.
■ iJeaeral Mana_:er. Gen. Paaa Aganu
■ A Superb Train
,^|^ EVERY °* '■* THE YEAB
flfflS ' Union Pacific,
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOOTJHANGE.
BUFFET SMOKING AND LIBRARY CARS
ffY:y WITH BARBER SHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS.
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
ONLY HI DAYS TO CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco daily at ( p. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent.
I No. I Montgomery street. San Fraarisco.
' NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via >iu«wUto Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
'■ AND SAN RAFAEL. __
WEEK DAYS— *7:20. •9:30. U:»0 a. m.: I:*
*:4-. 5:15, •«:<». 8:30 p. m. 
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael oa Mon-
- days Wednesdays and Saturdays MMM _____•
SUNDAYS— «S:OO. 10:00. ni:3B a. m.; «l:li
1 »:00. »4:30 8:15 p. m.
! Trains marked • run to San Quent-tt ■ _____
i FROM SAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— B:3S. *B:3S. 7:45, •*:*» *• «■»
! •13:20. 2:_o. *1:45. 5:06 p. m. __, :'-"■ _.-__.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wedaesrtaya
i and Saturdays at 8:40 p. m. - .. _
| SUNDAYS— 20. »8:0«. »10^0. *H:55 a. m.l
I "1:15. »3:10. 4:40. ««._0 p. m. _: -,.„»,„
! Trains marked • starts from S"-^*?". l^—.,
! FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISOT.
WEEK DAYS— 45 8 45. 7.55. »:40 a. m.l
1 12:35. 2:45. 1:50. 5:30 p. m. ' '-__. '.* ._,___
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wt.MMin
and Saturdays at 7:00 a.m. '__• .*, ..«.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. M:O3 a. m. : i-.m. i.m. a.m.
|I* •-» p. «^- ROt _ TOxuig . yff y ■
I 1:38 a. m. week davs— Cazadero and way sta as.
i IMS p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. ..... . -'_
tzK a. m. Sundays— Duacaa Mills and way sta a._
yQUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
. (Via -auasuito "erry.)
L-tavs Baa Fxaac-aoa, ccimaanrln« tnndgJb
Sept. U. 1399: . __ ,
Week D^s— «:3t a. m.. Udl p. ta. :
eundaya— lOrto. «:«> *■ ■»-. *«■ 9- * '
Roand trio firms Mill - alley. «.
THOS COOK * SON. AgaatA « if ag-M ■
I ftxtrt. San -Taadiw- ,J " "£ I
AUCTION SALES,
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE.
fe £?& y - fe
THIS DAY.
THURSDAY MARCH !•
At 11 a. m.,
AT NE. CORNER OF HARRISON AND SIX-
TEENTH STS.
By order of MR. J. GOLLOBER.
We will sell the entire plant recently owned
by one of the largest contractors la the city,
being a complete outfit consisting of Horses.
4 Buggies, Sand Wagons. Dump Carta. Scrapers
and Railroad Tracks; also complete outfit of
! Blacksmith Shop. Tools. Drills and Wagon Ma-
: terial of all kinds; also a new 4- Wheel Dump
Wagon. No reserve. Sale positive.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE,
Lives- Auctioneers.
Offlce. 827 Sixth st.
KAILROAD TRAVEL.
lOCTHHR* r. * cific WHPUT.
(FAc:r:.; iiotim.)
Train, isare *»»«• nre <!«• .a nrrlv* ••
81« PH.4IHIMO.
(Main tine. Foot of Market Street)
tBATi — Tkom D?a. 13. 1898. — A.mxrm
•0:00-. Niles. San Jcse snd Way "dutkras... •5.43_.
7:<H> _ Benicia, Sulsua and Sacramento 5'M»
" rtH»a Marysrille. Orar-Uesnd Reddiag via
Woodland OriZr
TsOOa. E-o-lra. Vaca-r.Ua aad Buxsey a«--«r
~i*.A Sartlne-, Saa Ba-con. Vallejo. Napa.
littstrj* and .6».:» Hot» «-ia_>
•i««a AUautie __-pr«ss. Uj'.l-n sad Rsst.. *'**.
aiaaa Saa Jo«s. Ureraiore. Htnckton.
lone, Saera-nento, Placav__A -
Ma-»s-Ule. C-Slcc. Be-'. Hlurf ■iilSr
Mil *_Ultoa. Oakdab aad J-meatown... 4il3r
*:***. Kart-DS-L T.-»cv Lathrop, 9-o<*-30. ________
sad Frasoe l«il*#
•*♦•_ Frasuo, Bakersflel*!. >anU l!*r-_ra.
Las Anielea Damlcg. Xl Yaao, m__
Xew Orl-aas and Baa» s'*?'
!•*♦«_ VaUejc, M_r__*-- and Way Stations 7:43i>
1 2-.9«. SQ.S, li»ervaure, ImMb, Sacra-
metrto, Mesdcta. liir-tord. ViaaliA
Pt«err__e t. .f''* T
•X-.0.T aaar-mento T-Jitr 3te»m*;rs 'a-.axtr
4*Mr Mvli.K. Han i-aniou. VallsK _._
Napa, Cailssof*.. Santa Rosa a*l»a
«;««r Beoiela, Y*«_,»iile, Bacnn*euto,
Woodiaud. KuighU Landing. y- M _
SfanavHle, Ocot|;U 'i 5 ***
«.S*p_>Q-a, San Jose and Stocktoa .*l-»
*:o*r San Fraodsco and Loe Angeles
Ltfid-ed. Freane, Baker-deid. Los
Aageiea 9:**K
■-MB Stock-on, Mexced, yreroo. ia«l»»
k-3*r Msr^"**. Ttaar. SJeodota, Fresno.
' Meiave, Santa Barbara and Los
; y* tag- 1 — -, __.«.... »«*•*
35 OOP Pacific Coast Limited. El Paso,
Fort Worth, Little Rack, St.
» Louis. Chicago and East 59:43 A
•> gar 4an«a Ti Rones. Ailitl! K-pcess
foe Moi>n and Bast ««43f
• rO«r Kiiropeau Mail. Ogilax and Km!.... Stdi>a
•t««p Eajwarda. Nflea and Sao Jose MS*
•«t»Or VaJiato __. 12.13?
rti—r V ij!,-}-. Port Coata and Way Sta-
tions - t*=*»»
*m**t Oregon Kspreas, Sta-samet; to, Marys-
• »llle. R.a*Un.. Por-laud. Pugs* _._
-ouudaud East »«1»A
«iato3r Snasat limit -d. Presno. Lot
Angles, El Paso, New Orisons
and Bart .._ .may
" BH LEA-lOUO AMI* IJAtWAKI>f» laHAL.
Foot of Mask-* Street. )
~ 1 _ Heir*>N«, Seminary Park, ■ fyy/y
*tOO-, Fitchbarx. Elathant, «:l- t
C*:tt«a Baa I.eaadm, Soath Saa t*S:4sa
lO.Vtti Leandro. Katadi! la, 10:43.
niio«4 • Lorenzo, Cherry • 1 ?.? p
MM and li__£l
•«••' Hazards. 'i***
*»••» i Buns throagh to HBaa '*"»
) t From Flies I
" tOAST OIYHIO.N (Sairow -iaafe.. *
-Toot of Market Street.) .
Kisa BSmE =»n Jose.Paltoo. .
Boaid_rCr-ek,S__i_aCrnsandWar _ ___
Stat_cn% •••■• »»»•»
ttlSr Kewarfc CTOterrille, San Jose, New
Almaden. F-'lten, Boulder Creek,
\. Santa Onu and: Principal Way . _' :
Station. ....'. * , « : _f_. fc
- 4il3r Newark. San Jose and Los Oatoa... *:»**.
♦11:43.' Hasten' Excnriion, Saa Jose and
Way Sta-ians !'»»•»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
torn SII niICISCO— Not if !Ur_«t 5-rtet 3!:? Sl—
•1:15 9:00 11:00 ».«. tl.-OS *3:M >3«
•4:00 JB:C3 't-Mrja.
tram OilU.B— fiat »f SrsUat;.— *«.-00 8.-00 lOtOOs.a.
Jl2-5C *1:00 ti:CO »3:53 UM , S:08r.«.
" COAST IMTIMOX (Broad 4J»nf»).
■y.y. (Third and To'Tcse:*-! Sto.)
7:— a San Jose S-3 Way Stati.*.*. (New
Alma-um Wednesdays a-tly) attmm
•t««a Sau Jose. Tro* Ptuo*. rt*iita Cms,
- - ■ . .. PaclOe Orore, Paaa U.tbies. Saa
Lois Obispo. Guadalupe, Sort and
Principal Way Sutton * ii*
I*i4«« Saa Josa smt War Statl.ws 5 : ?2*
I liS* a aaa Joae sad Way Stations •»&*.
*S«43r San Matso. Bwivood. M-nio Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clan. San Jose.
-Hlroy. HoUbreer. Santa Oris,
BtUinaa. Monterey and PaoiSe
<_.«>»• -, ■ 1? : **
••iSar San Jose aad Way Stations '_?*
•ItlSr Saa Joee and Priodp-J Way Stations *J:43 a
•5-o»_> San Jose and Prindpai Way Stations •'J**
3 : SO . Sao Joae and Principal Way Statious 2 : J«?
«.-»[' San Jose and Way Stations - ' : 2*'
tll:4.^y San Jose and Way Stations ?;3Q?
A for -forning. P for Aftem<HJ«.
• Rat-days eicepted. J Suaaays only, * IhtaiUfl only
and Thursdays aTueadays and Saturdays.
i3at-_dafs aad Wednesdays. Whu-sda-a and 3un3_JV
California
Limited
Santa fe Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves sa^
Francisco via Los Angeles at 3
P. M.. every SUNDAY, TUES-
DAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:32 A. M. th»
following Thursday, Saturaav
and Tuesday-Arriving In Nev»
York at 1 :30 P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR. Ob,
servation Car and Electrla
Lighted Sleeping Car. 'yyy
This Train Is in Addition to the Dail*
Overland Express.
iii .uieisca ticket amct — ia mm si
, T-CLKPHON-S MAE? 15SL
OftUaad Office— lllB Broadway.
BMnai«Bto Offis* — 231 J Siroet.
flu im* Offi_a»— West Sft&ta Clara &
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQU.IT
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. -S. 1339. tralaa will run aa foil own
South-bound. j North-bound, i
Pasaen- Mixed. . pdlxed. [Passaa-
g*T. iSundav Ettatlona. Sunday , ger.
. Dally. Eic'ptd -Bx.--ptd f D-dly. ,
i * ■ ■»
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton i 3:45 Pm! 6:00 pn»
t:10 an. I:« 5 pm Merced 7 i 12:« pm 4:13 prat
10:40 am. s:_SpTni Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pa*
11:38 am 7:4. pm Haaford ! 7:45 am 1:45 pea
2:35 pnr 12:30 am Baiter-field i 2:00 ami 11:00 an.
11:39 am. 5:25 pcaf Vlsalla I 6:40 am! 1:22 pn*
11:13 prat 6:53 pm! Tulara ' 8:50 am 1:06 pn%
' Stoppta* at intermediate points aa required.
For particulars of stage and other coonactiaiM
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 221 Marks*
! slxaat- fig-* t'-i-...-:-
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
BRANDES' SON
TESTIFIES FOR
HIS FATHER
He Is Star Witness
for Defendant.
TELLS A STRAIGHT STORY
HOT STOVE WAS SEARCHED
FOR MISSING MONEY.
Ten-Year-Old Brother of th* Alleged
Murdered Girl Says the Ac
/ cused Never Beat
Her. yy'
Oakland Offlce San • Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, March 15.
Milton Alfred Brandes proved a re
markably clever witness for the defense
to-day in the murder trinJ of his father,
AVilliam A. Brandes. The boy is be
tween 10 and 11- years of age. He has
had only about three years of schooling,
and his story as told on the witness
stand to-day was plausible -and coherent
and the strongest testimony that the de
fense has thus far produced.
The boy stated that he was at his
father's home on the night of Tuesday,
November 15 last, when the accused is
alleged to have beaten Lillian. He said
that his father had not laid a hand upon
the girl, and that he had not scolded her
or used abusive language.
"Papa scolded me, though," continued
Young Brarjdes Testifies for His Father.
the boy, "because I had tattled on my t
sister.- I had told him that Lillian had i
taken the $15 which was rent money and j
which was to be used to pay her fare j
back to the ranch. He said he would i
choke me if I ever tattled on her again. I
"Then we all hunted for the money. We
-searched in the kitchen, the dining room, ;
the chiffonier, the clothes closet and the j
'bathroom; and also in Lillian's trunk, |
which was in the dining room. We took
all the things out of the trunk and did
not find the money. Then we put the
i things back again and papa drew the
trunk downstairs to Lillian's room.
When we were hunting in the bathroom
the door kept swinging and it kept bump
ing against father." ,V
This story the boy told in a straight
forward manner on direct examination.
District Attorney Allen then took wit
ness in hand and rigidly cross-examined
him. The child denied that he heard his
sister' say on that Tuesday night. "Oh.
Al, please don't"; or that his father had
Bald he would choke her to death. .
"Lillian pleaded with papa not to send
her back to the ranch, because she said
her aunt always beat her and made her ;
work for the Chinaman. When Lillian j
could not remember where she put the
money, papa said: 'She must be a witch
to hide a thing and not know where she
put it.' I told papa about half an hour
after we had been hunting that Lillian j
told me she had hid the money.
"No we did not search Lillian room,
but we looked in the stove. i thought
It might be in there. We took the lid
off and stirred up the ashes, but dtdn t
find the money. This was about 6 o clock
and we had dinner about 5;30."
Juror Seiben here asked the witness
whether the money had ever been found.
Attorney Sawyer, for the defense, vigor
ously objected, but before a ruling could
be had Milton replied that the $15 had
been found a day or two before Lillian s
death He testified also that while the
search was in progress Mrs Godfrey was
In the parlor with his mother a.nd that
at intervals they played the piano. He
said he had talked with no one about the
case: only his father had told him to tell
the truth He steadfastly denied ever
having had any conversation with De
tective Herbert in the presence of ex-
Deputy Sheriff White in which he said
he "did not know anything Of the trou
ble, because he was asleep.
Mrs Brandes was not put on the stand
to-day. • She had been in . the court
room in readiness, but was excluded dur
ing the examination of her son, Milton,
which occupied the entire afternoon.
When the trial was resumed this morn
ing the defense first recalled Dr. A. H.
Pratt by whom they wished to prove that
the absence of a ligature mark on the
neck in the region of the "Adam apple
Is consistent with ante-mortem hanging.
Dr. Crowley had declined to answer this,
out after a considerable wrangle. Dr.
Pratt said such a fact was found in cases
of ante-mortem hanging, though he
could not explain the reason.
A. H. liraunllch also testified this morn
ing He had known Brandes for eighteen
years. . Though in his judgment the ac
' cused was rough in manner and speech,
he always considered him "big-hearted."
On one occasion, said witness, Mrs.
Brandes and Lillian had been searching in
the latter' 3 trunk and when the mother
found a bottle she had said: "My God,
what do you think? Lillian has got a bot
tle of poison." . ,' 'i.
• On cross-examination Braunlich said he
first knew Brandes while working in the
Baldwin Hotel. On one occasion he visit
ed him at his home on Golden Gate ave
nue, San Francisco, when Brandes intro
duced him to Mrs. Brandes. .
Objections to questions as to when
Brandes married this woman and as to
what name Brandes went by at that time
were sustained. Witness was also asked
whether Brandes had not once been a
•witness in his behalf in a divorce suit and
whether he (Braunlich) was not the
former husband of Mrs. May Godfrey, but
Attorney Sawyer's objections to these
questions were sustained.
The trial will be resumed to-morrow
morning and again it is given out that
Mrs. Brandes will then testify.
The story of James R. Keene's
lucky coup of $6,000,000 in six
weeks will be in next. Sunday's Call.
SAN LEANDRO
MUST REWARD
HER FIREMEN
The Fire Company Is
Dissatisfied.
PLAIN STATEMENT ISSUED
|
TOWN IS TOO BIG TO EXPECT
CHARITY WORK.
After Paying Dues and Initiation for
Twenty-Pour Years the Volun
teers Expect Better
Encouragement.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 15.
San* I.eandro may soon be without an
organized fire company. For twenty-four
years Union Hose Company No. 1 has
been in existence and has done excellent
work whenever its services were needed.
It has saved the city thousands of dollars,
but now that San Leandro is growing and
a large cannery is being built in addition
to a big fruit-drying establishment it is
thought to be proper that there should be
a Fire Department under the control of
the Board of Trustees.
For all these years the firemen have
paid an initiation fee and monthly dues to
support their organization. A record
shows that they have extinguished forty
nine fires and saved much property. They
have responded to fire calls at all hours
of the day and night, and on one occasion
six firemen left the church on a Sunday
morning recently and ruined their best
suits without any hope of reward. There
is on record the fact that on two occa
sions the City Trustees have granted the
department the magnificent sum of $15.
A few months ago the hose company re
quested the City Trustees. to allow them
$15 a year, but it was not granted, the
board expressing a willingness to pay the
fire company if the members were ap
pointed by the Trustees. This would, of
course, take the Fire Department into
politics, and San Leandro frowned on the
proposition.
The firemen now have on hand $400
worth of property, which they offer to
sell to the city for $200, and so far the
Trustees have ignored this request. The
board, has been advised by the City Attor
ney that the firemen can give the city no
title to their property and that the city
• cannot, therefore, buy it. A statement
issued by the firemen says:
"If the property does not belong to the
organization, to whom, then, does it be
long, tne firemen having paid for it? If it
belongs to them, why can't they give a
title to it?"
As the matter stands the outlook is
j not very pleasant to property owners.
MIGHT HAVE SAVED HER.
Police and Health Officer Dunn In
dignant Over Untimely Death
V. fy. ■•'-.; -■• of Anna Brooke.
OAKLAND, March Mrs. H. J. ]
Brooke and her surviving daughter, who i
were found sick and starving in the Oak- !
land House Sunday night, are greatly im- j
proved and in a fair way to recover. The j
daughter Anna, who died Sunday night, !
was buried yesterday. The death cer
tificate, signed by Dr. J. J. Caldwell, who
was called to attend the stricken family,
gives the cause of death as . ".pneumonia,
with want and destitution as contributory
and determining causes."
Dr. J. P. H. Dunn, the Health Officer,
who first ministered to the needs and suf
fering of the family, as well as the police,
are indignant over the alleged negligence
of the Associated Charities. They say
that when the case was reported ta Mrs.
Kelley, the superintendent of the asso
ciation, she declined to recognize the re
port outside of office hours.
Incidentally Health Officer- Dunn recom
mends the erection of a small city hos
pital for such emergency cases.
"Here was a life that could have been
saved under favorable conditions," said
Dr. Dunn to-day, referring to the death of
Miss Brooke. "What was most needed
was a warm, sunny room- and proper
nourishment. It was not afforded this
young woman and she died. At a small
expenditure a suitable building could be
put up and the city could not expend an
equal amount to better advantage "
BLIND HOME FINANCES.
Board of Trade Requests the Legis
lature to Act. ' bbb
OAKLAND, March The. Board of
Trade held a meeting this morning and
discussed the condition of finances of
the Blind Home at Temescal. Much dif
ference of opinion exists as to the man
ner in which the home should be run.
Dissatisfaction has. been great since the
Democratic board appointed Jack Hayes
superintendent in the place of a blind
man. As a result of the Board of Trade's
deliberations a set of resolutions was
passed.. . . ■
The resolutions set forth that, owing to
the high price of material and sharp
competition in the broom trade it is im
possible to conduct the broom factory
which furnishes the only source of em
ployment at the institution. A deficit of
$6000 has been incurred, and the board
asks that $5000 be appropriated by the
State Legislature that the factory may
be kept open. It also asks that the
former appropriation of $22,500 for the
maintenance of the home be raised to
$25,000. "■'-. - - j
. ''-. -7 • : - -.- : I
THE ISA!-* FRANCISCO CALL, SPAY; MARCH 16, 1899.
JUROR SEIBEN PURSUED
BY PHANTOM SKELETONS
Alameda Office San Francisco Call,
: 1428 Park street, March 15.
THE uncanny exhibits in the Brandes
murder case have had such a pro
nounced effect on Juror Philip Sei
ben of this city that he has been
transferred from the realm of peace
ful thoughts to that wherein he
is haunted by horrible visions. Mr.
Seiben has been one of the most atten
tive of the jurors. He Is a capitalist, with
no apparent earthly cares, yet he has
worried over the Brandes case to such
an extent that his health has been under
mined. Twice has the case been delayed
on account of his condition.
He states that what made the greatest
impression on his mind was the basket
ful of skulls which was exhibited to the
jury.
"Since that horrible spectacle," says
Mr. Seiben, "I see skulls— hideous, grin-
ning things— wherever I go. During the
day I picture them in my mind's eye, and
in the night they haunt me while I sleep."
Mr. Seiben tells of some hair-raising
visions that have disturbed his slumber
and made his life almost a burden. He
has awakened from a troubled sleep to
picture grinning skulls perched . on the
foot of his bed. The jaws would snap to
gether, and he fancied that the -eyeless
sockets would open and shut. Then the
hideous things would dance about and
finally roll off the bedstead 'nto a basket.
On another occasion he dreamed he was
EVANGELIST
MOODY IS
HERE AGAIN
Inveighs Against the
Preachers.
HE SCORES SENSATIONALISM
DISLIKES THE EXPRESSION "RE
MEMBER THE MAINE." '-fy
. — — \
The "Well-Known Exhorter Pleads for
More Simplicity and Sincerity
in Religious
Life.
Alameda Offlce San Francisco Call,
1428 Park street, March 15.
Rev. Dwlght L. Moody, the renowned
evangelist, addressed two meetings In
Alameda to-day at Armory Hall. In the
afternoon every seat in the house was
taken and in the evening the hall was
crowded to the doors. .tV-b'v:
Although he is well along In years Rev.
Mr. Moody is still remarkably active. He
is a pleasant talker, using language free
from flights of flowery eloquence, which
appeals to the ordinary man or woman.
In the afternoon the subject of his ad
dress was "The Bible." His discourse
was earnest and straightforward . and
there was a plentiful smattering of wit
to vary the monotony. He is intensely or
thodox. He said he believed in the good
old-fashioned religion that came from the
heart and appealed to the soul. He took
a fling at sensational preachers and said,
that the true minister did not stray from
the Bible in his teachings. Rev. Mr.
Moody said he took the Bible just as he
found it, believing fully in all the good
book contained. r ■ y-fy
"Some ministers," he said, "waste their
time explaining things in the Bible which
to them appear .Impossible. They are not
true believers. . We are told that the
story of Jonah and the whale is a fairy
tale, because no whale ever had a mouth
large enough to hold a man. Why, the
great God who made a world like this
could certainly make a whale big enough
to swallow Jonah, and I believe he did."
Being a man of the people, with great
CALIFORNIA FAST
BECOMING SPIRITUAL
<5
rt *
§ Evangelist Moody Marks a Big Improvement
•§•■■■"■■ During the Past Decade.
9 /""\ AKLAND, March Dwight L. Moody arrived Jn Oakland this . morn-
X I I ing and during the next few days he will conduct a revival in this city.
<S II The well-known evangelist was accompanied from Santa Rosa by H.
ft J. McCoy and Noel H. Jacks, secretaries respectively of the San Fran
s> . cisco and Oakland Young Men's Christian Associations.
8 • Several years have, elapsed since Mr. Moody; was in California, and he
X holds out great . hopes for the State's moral future. J
<£ "This State," said Mr. Moody, "has improved during the ten years since'
& I .was last here. I am delighted at the marked increase of interest in re
& ligious affairs. i The religious tone of the State seems to be far ahead of
9 what jit has ever been. More workers are going into -the ; field dally. The
rt jails are being visited and prisoners aided more than ever before. The State
<|> is being carefully worked, and where there are no churches there are serv
ed ices held somehow. I note with pleasure the tremendous amount of mission
& work being done in Peniel missions and Christian Endeavor societies— most
9 of it undertaken by volunteers. -.'. -
X "I am inclined to think that revival work is more popular among min
<•>. isters than it ever was. On my present trip I have seen more unity of action
& than I have ever noticed during my four previous trips." ,
<S> To-morrow afternoon Mr. Moody will speak at "the First M. E. Church, \
& and in the evening at the I Flcst Presbyterian Church, arid the same pro
s gramme will be followed till Sunday. On Sunday afternoon he will conduct a
<§> men's meeting at Dr. Coyle's church. r r# -y
sitting as a Juror ln a case where the
courtroom " was peopled with skeletons
clothed with the raiment iof the living.
Mr. Seiben was the only occupant of the
courtroom in the flesh. . He says he never
wants to pass through another such ex
perience. The Judge on the bench with
his fleshless Angers turned the pages of
his law books; his Jaws went through
the motions of speech, but no sound came
from his tongueless skull. The gesticu
lations of the attorneys- indicated a wran
gle, but no words gave a clew as to what
it was all about. ' ■yy-f yyffyfjr;
"I will never forget that vistion to my
dying day," states Mr. Seiben. "It was
like being imprisoned in a receiving vault
with an army of corpses. I never felt
so relieved in my life as when I awoke
that night to find it was all a dream.
But since this case I cannot drive the
thought of skulls. out of my mind. I see
them everywhere. When I meet a friend
on the street I cannot restrain myself
from picturing him with nothing but a
bleached and fleshless skull on his shoul
ders. The sensation is horrible in the
extreme. When I meet a man, woman
iOne Op Mjs.Ste Ben's
SKUIA. tsllC-WTr-1 AREA'S.
or child carrying a basket I shrink from
them almost in terror, fancying that
their baskets are filled with human
skulls."
After the Brandes case is over Juror
Seiben will probably take a trip East in
an endeavor to forget the ghastly ex
hibits which have made such an impres
sion on him.)-;v :
personal magnetism. Rev. Mr. Moody ap
peals with much fore© to the understand
ing of his audience. _■ '
The drift of his evening discourse was
the unregenerate nature of man.
"For a year a cry has been going
through the land, 'Remember the Maine,
because 300 sailors perished by that
awful disaster in Havana harbor." he
said. "Every twenty-four hours 300 men
are killed from drink, and I believe the
cry should be 'Remember rum.' Did you
ever live with a man who has never done
wrong? Well, I pity you if you have. If
you live under the same roof with such
a man you will be blamed for everything
that might happen to be wrong. I have
reached the conclusion that we are all
pretty bad and that we all should be born
again. One town I visited had thirteen
church members and ' seventeen saloons,
and the people of that burg . actually
thought they were good."
Rev. F. S. presided at both meet
ings. Music was furnished by a choir of
fifty voices, composed of soloists from all
DWIGHT L MOODY.
the Alameda- churches, led by Professor
Tawner, who has charge of the musical
affairs of Rev. Mr. Moody's meetings.
Prayers were offered by Rev. C- E. Rich
and Rev. W. W. Scudder Jr. It was an
nounced that revival meetings will be
held to-morrow night in nearly all the
local churches to take advantage of the
good accomplished by Rev. Mr. Moody.
Will Raise the Bonus.
SAN LEANDRO, March 15.— San
Leandro Board of . Trade committee is
having good success soliciting for the bo
nus required for the establishment of a
fruit-drying plant. Subscription lists are
being circulated by B. D. Gray, George
Downie, A. C. Estes. I. H. Begier, J. B.
Mendonca, John Driver, D. McCarty,
Jackson Sllva and A. B. Cary. The fol
lowing are the subscriptions to date, ag
gregating $170. Five hundred dollars is
the sum required by the. corporation as
an inducement to put" up its plant. J.
Linifoot, $25; E. B. Stone, $20; J. Herrscher,
$20; J. Davis, $10; A. B. Cary, $10; A. S.
Yager, $10; C. H. Gray, $10; Frank & Mc-
Carthy, $10; A. Rogers, $5; J. F. Hopper,
$5: J. H. Ravekes, $5; R. E. Gray, .So; H.
Abernethy. $5; Rev. Father O'Mahoney,
$5; O. J. Lynch, $5; R. Morgan, $5; M.
Enos, $5; A. Lucio, $5; C. Christensen, $5,
and J. W. Hawes, $5.
IN HONOR OF ST. PATRICK.
Grand Celebration Arranged for To
-1 Morrow. -
I OAKLAND; March 15.— A grand cele
bration of St. Patrick's day will be held
at St. Patrick's Church, West Oakland,
on Friday. First mass will be given
at 7 a. m., solemn high mass, with four
priests and a special choir, following at
9:30. Father McNally will preach a ser
mon on St. Patrick and the spirit and
heart of the Irish people. At 7 p. m..de
votions of stations will be held.
In the evening at 8 . the celebration
proper will begin in the large auditorium.
There will be four speakers— Father Mc-
Nally, pastor of the church, Brothers
White and Bayne, and Father Duffy, the
latter to deliver the oration of the even
ing. The programme, which will occupy
the entire time until midnight, includes
talent from Santa Clara College and St.
Mary's. It is expected a large delegation
from the Y. M. I. of San Francisco will
be present.
UNIVERSITY OF
CALIFORNIA NEWS
A REVIVAL OF EIGHTEENTH
• CENTURY DRAMA.
Military Department Preparing to
Give a Sham Battle at the End
of the Term.
BERKELEY, March Something de
cidedly unique in the line of drama will be
attempted next week by several students
of the university under the direction of
Professor Louis Dv Pont Syle. It is to
be in the nature of a revival of eighteenth
century drama, intended principally for a
distinctively college audience. The play
selected is Oliver Goldsmith's comedy,
"The Good-natured Man/ For some
weeks past the cast has been engaged in.
a series of rehearsals, the presentation
being set for the two nights of March 22
and 23 at Shattuck Hall in the university
town.
The production will not follow literally
the comedy as originally written by Gold
smith. It has been specially recast and
arranged into four acts by Professor
Syle and Victor Henderson jointly. The
staging will be in eighteenth century
style throughout. Following is the list
of actors:
Sir William Honeywood. H. H. Hirst;
Charles Honeywood, A. J. Elston; Mr.
Croaker, F. T. Bioletti;Leontine Croaker,
Victor Henderson; Mr. Lofty, M. H.
Schwartz; bailiff, J. B. Southard; bailiff's
follower, Fred G. Dorety; Jarvis, Law
rence L. Greene; Miss Richland, Miss
Lola J. Simpson;- Mrs. Croaker, Miss
Katherine Wolfenden; Olivia, Miss L. E.
Moller; Garnet, Miss E. Lundy.
Professor Frank Soule, commandant of
the University Corps of Cadets, met the
commissioned officers of the corps this
afternoon, and after a brief discussion
decided to conclude tne work of the mili
tary department for the present term
with a sham battle, in which all the
college cadets, are to take part. The en
gagement will be a competitive one be
tween two bodies of the troops, organized
for offense and defense and commanded
by the majors of the First and Second
battalions. An ample supply of blank
ammunition is to be provided, and the
fight will follow as closely as possible the
maneuvers of an actual engagement. The
details of the offense and defense, to
gether with the general plan of opera
tions, will be left to the two majors in
command, assisted by the captains of
their battalions. yy- .- > Yy; y
President Kellogg passed his seventy-,
first birthday to-day. • The occasion was
not allowed to go by without an appre
ciative remembrance on the part of the
students and others connected with the
University. A committee of the Asso
ciated Women Students brought flowers
and greens to the president's offlce early
this morning and completely transformed .
its appearance. A handsomely executed
motto, done in bright leaves and a dark
green background, was arched over the
desk. This piece was the work of Cap
tain Kelner, superintendent of the
grounds. Lilies and fruit blossoms were
arranged all around the room, and several
messages of congratulation lay on the
table. - Unfortunately, those who planned
the affair, intending it as a surprise to the
venerable head of the faculty as he should
enter his office this morning, were some
what disappointed, as the president was
unable to keep his hours to-day owing to
sickness. It is quite probable that he will
be well enough to-morrow to come to col
lege to see the preparations made in his
honor. ', . : -7
TOWN AND GOWN CLUB.
Berkeley Ladies Incorporate and Will
Build a Clubhouse.
OAKLAND, March Articles of In
corporation were filed with the County
Clerk to-day by the Club Building Asso
ciation. The purposes are given as the
building and leasing of all ' structures
which may be required by the "Town
and Gown Club" of Berkeley, which is
composed of some of the most prominent
ladies of the university town and is after
the style of the Ebell Society of this city.
The capital stock is stated at $4000. of
which $1060 has been actually subscribed,
and it is proposed shortly to erect a
suitable building, for which plans are
now being drawn. The directors are
Emmanuel M. Paget, Catherine F. Gib
bons, Mary Satchel Haight. Susan A. Jud
son, Florence Walton Wilkinson, Jane
Watson Thomas, Ada B. Jones. Kate M.
Bunnell, Mary B. Ritter, and among
those who have subscribed are also the
following: May L. Cheney, Elizabeth H.
Davenport, E. W. Day, Louis P. Fife,
Mary E. Graydon, Katherine A. Hatha
way, Adele Jaffa, Deborah C. McMichael,
Mrs. Frank H. Payne, Clara Ralston and
Maud Wilkinson.
CAPTAIN BURNS' ESTATE.
. OAKLAND, March 15.— will of the
late Captain John Edward Burns, who
died in Alameda last Saturday, after re
turning from a protracted search for a
treasure island In the Paciflc, was filed
for probate this afternoon by his widow,
Therine J. Burns, who also petitions for
letters of administration.
The will is dated October 27, 1896, and
the devisees are petitioner, who is named
as executrix, also Margaret H. Ambridge,
Annie H. Fife, Lizzie Wood Dodge,
Charles Y. Burns (children by a former
wife), and Bernice Vine Burns and -Al
thea W. Burns, children of the widow.
The estate is estimated worth $21,700, of
which $20,000 is represented by the
schooner Vine, running between Honolulu
and San Francisco, and $1000 money pay
able from Charles Nelson of San Fran
cisco for the chartering of the Vine.
Young Republicans Name Ticket.
ALAMEDA, March 15.— executive
committee of the Young Men's Repub
lican Club has - indorsed the following
candidates for city offices:
Trustees— F. W. Hopps, Alex Mackie,
Martin Owens.
Board of Education— Dr. E. M. Keys, J.
B. Lanktree, Dr. C. L. Tisdale.
Library Trustees— W. Barton, W. M.
Bowers, J. M. Shanly.
■ Treasurer— R. G. Wheelers-Recorder, A.
F. St. Sure; Assessor, A. G. Burns; Mar
shal, John Conrad; Attorney, E. K. Tay
lor; Clerk, B. F. Lamborn.
All the candidates but Wheeler, Conrad
and Taylor are nominees of the Har
monic Hall party. Wheeler cut loose
from all conventions early in the cam
paign and announced that he would be
an independent candidate. Conrad was
"turned down," first by the Harmonic
Hall convention and later by the Munici
pal League; and even after that decided
to go it alone. Taylor is a Municipal"
League nominee. . ■ '
Lynn Was Lucky.
OAKLAND, .March 15.— The Jury in the
case of J. W. Lynn, charged with an at
tempt to murder his wife a year ago by
shooting her five times, returned a ver
dict this afternoon finding the accused
guilty of an assault with a deadly wea
pon. He will be sentenced next Wednes
day. . - .yyyjy:y.:.YyYy- ; '
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE!.
"Wednesday, March 15.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlsen, 50 hours from New
port.
DOMESTIC PORT.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed March 15— Stmr Noyo,
for San Francisco. •
transatlantic:; STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— March 15— Stmr Bohe
mia, from Hamburg; stmr Teutonic, from
Liverpool.
Sailed March 15— Btmr St Paul, for South
ampton; stmr Edam, . for Rotterdam; stmr
Westernland. for Antwerp. . '
ANTWERP— Arrived March 15— Stmr Fries
land, from New York; stmr Switzerland, from
Philadelphia. ;_ _ _, .
SOUTHAMPTON— March 15— Stmr Kai
ser Frlederlch, for New York.
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed March 15 — Stmr
Cephalonia, for Boston.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night ln the y#ar.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
257 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
616 Larkin street; open until. 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 o'clock.*
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. 'M
M., will meet THIS (THURSDAY>_J\-
EVENING, March 16, at 7:30 o'clock. I\_K
Third degree. By order of the Master. / ▼ '
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
LA PARFAITE UNION Lodge No. 17, _k
F. and A. Called meeting FRI- -J\_,
DAY, March 17. 8 p. m. First de- J%_K
gree. By order of the W. M. /~ '
. - P. DE ST. JULIEN. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M.. _*
Masonic Temple— Called meeting THIS_J__
(THURSDAY) EVENING at 7:-OTK3r
o'clock. Third degree. By order of'^r '
the W. M. J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
ABOU BEN ADHEM Lodge No. " s_aMtii_m
112, I. O. O. Important busi- -li^gg.
ness TO-NIGHT.
H. K. SCHROEDER. N. G. ■^?M S *>
PACIFIC Lodge No. 155, I. O. O. 9 Mu__
F.— Will be Initiation THIS __}!____K___-
EVENING, March 16. 1899. The -JAIHLS?
Grand Master will be present. 'VI""'
Visiting brothers invited.
JOHN STEVENSON. N. O.
DR. F. D. ASHWORTH. Rec. Sec.
ANNUAL meeting— annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Western Sugar Refining
Company will be held at the offlce of the
' company, 327 Market st., San Francisco, Cal.,
on MONDAY, the 27th day of March. 1899. at
the hour of 12 m., for the purpose of electing
a board of director" to serve for the ensuing
year and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting.
Transfer . books ' will close on FRIDAY,
March 17. 1899, at 12 m.
ROBERT OXNARD, Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS ' papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415. Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5520.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 65 <twenty-
five cents per share) of the Hutchinson- Sugar
Plantation Company will be payaMe at the
offlce of the company, 327 Market st., on and
after MONDAY, March 20, 1899.
Transfer books win close on TUESDAY,
March 14, 1899, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
MRS. KRAUSS' Employment Office, 315 Stock-
ton St., near Sutter; telephone Clay 624; all
kinds of female help free of charge. .
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
A NO. 1 cook desires a situation In Institution
or hotel; best of reference. J. F. CROSETT
. & CO.. 316 Sutter st. ■'
FIRST-CLASS. German waitress and chamber-
maid desires situation; 2% years last place;
city or country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
BY respectable,- refined young married woman,
housework and cooking In exchange Tor room
and board for herself and husband; object to
assist my husband, who holds a respectable
but not very lucrative position in city. Box
1069, Call office. -
YOUNG, womaih wants situation as chamber-
maid in lodging house or hotel. Apply 16
Stockton place, off Stockton St., between Sut-
ter and Post.] ■' ;
RELIABLE woman wishes to work mornings,
' evenings and iat noon; home an object more
than wages. £78 Minna st. -
RESPECTABLE colored lady from the East
desires a position as infant's nurse or second
work; can give . reference. 2524: California st.
AMERICAN lady would like position as house-
keeper and seamstress in the country ; 'refer- j
ences. Box 1C(65, Call offlce. , .. |
FIRST-CLASS German or French cook wants
situation; city! or country; references; $30. 1022
• Larkin st. |
REFINED, sober middle-aged woman wants
position; good- plain cook; neat housekeeper; ]
good nurse in confinement. 325% Fulton st.
SUPERIOR infant's nurse desires situation;
best local references. 719% Bush st.
GERMAN girl wants situation, upstairs work
or wait on tabjle. 1022 Larkin st.
RESPECTABLE? young lady would like the care
of an Invalid; lady or child; -Is good seam-
stress; no objection to traveling. Apply Park
Hotei, 26 Turk st. ■
GIRL wishes position to assist ln general
housework in : small family, American pre-
ferred; wages; $12 to $15. Address 904 Do-
lores st., neat) Twenty-second.
MIDDLE-AGIiD woman wishes 9 situation to
do light hou«work and plain washing. Call
at 311 Clementina st.
WANTED— by the day or half day by
reliable woman. Address 2239 Adeline St.,
Oakland.
LADY wishes plain sewing and mending chil-
dren's clothes. Call, address 1900 Stockton.
WANTED— By experienced young lady, posi-
tion as stenographer and typewriter; speaks
French; good penman. Box 1034, Call.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes a position as
working housekeeper; has a child 7 years;
city or country; references If required. Call
or address 111% Minna st.
SITUATION wanted by young woman from
the East as cook or second work; private
family. Box 1038, Call offlce.
FRENCH girl wishes situation to do house-
. work in family. Address 230 Montgomery ay.
JAPANESE faithful girl who speaks good Eng-
lish wants situation to do general housework
In small family. Address Box 1046, Call offlce.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes a situation to do
general housework. Apply at 22 Silver st.
REFINED • lady of experience desires position
as companion to a lady or to care for Inva-
lid; no objections to traveling; good refer-
Box 1024. ■ Call office.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce;
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary et.; tel. Grant 56.
AS choreman round private place by elderly
man to make himself generally useful; un-
derstands care of horses, milking and garden
work; good reference. Choreman, 413 Natoma.
GARDENER, .'single, wishes position on pri-
vate, palace; understands care of greenhouses
and outdoor work: good references. Address
GUALTIERY, 225 Kearny st.
GARDENER, English, wants situation in pri-
vate family or hotel: flrst-class man; good
references; can run engine. TWITCHIN, 217
Third st. '
MAN and wife wish positions on ranch; man
general ranch hand, woman as cook. 304
Third st., room 4.
YOUNG man would like employment; city or
country; work of any kind; wages $20 to $25.
Box 1028, Call. .. ■ . . ■
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook and general ser-
vant; thoroughly experienced in French and
American cooking; best of reference. 336
O'Farrell st. ■•.--.- j
JAPANESE, honest strong boy, wants situa-
tions as flrst-class cook and general house-
work: city or country; best reference. MADA
1917 Broadway. ■ .
BARTENDER, experienced, wants position;!
city or country; references. Box 1063, Call.
GARDENER, practical German, wants charge
of a private place; understands all branches i
of greenhouse and outdoor work; best of re- I
commendations; 10 years ln last situation; ,
married. Address 564 Linden aye.
MIDDLE-AGED man, Just received his dis-
. charge from the U. S. V., would like a posi-
tion; any kind of work; strong and reliable
Address box 1042, Call office.
YOUNG colored man wishes position as coach-
man for private family; understands care of
horses; best of reference. , 321 O'Farrell st.
FIRST-CLASS barber, young man. want-
steady position. Address .Brooklyn Hotel
barber shop. ,
FIRST-CLASS barber wants a situation in a
flrst-class shop. SMITH, 37 Austin st.
MAN and wife, German, desire positions on
farm or dairy; man : experienced dairyman
and farmer; wife a good cook. < 101 Pros-
pect place, bet. Powell and Stockton, off
Sacramento.
YOUNG man of 22 desires work of any kind
lias had some experience In bookeeplns:. Ad-
dress 2711 Harrison st.
MAN and wife wish positions; man coachman
and gardener; woman a good cook; flrst-class
reference*. Coachman, box 1013, Call office.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class coachman f
from the East: best of references and bond
If required. Box 1037, Call office.
MAN wants work as carpenter. Box 1036, Call
offlce. y ' \
YOUNG barber, 5 years experience, desires
position in country. E. FULTON, 700 Cali-
fornia st. ■ " •__
SITUATION wanted, by young man as bar-
tender, first-class. Address box 1045, Call.
BY German acquainted with handling, bottling
of wines and liquors; can tend bar; keep
books and accounts; knows general mer-
chandise business; willing to go to country.
Box 1041, Call officer
CHINESE flrst-class cook, meat and pastry,
.wishes position; private family, hotel or
boarding house; satisfaction. WILLE3
JAMES,. 906 Clayst.
GERMAN. 27 years old, offers his services as
accountant; speaks and writes Spanish and
English; 7 years abroad: best references. Ad-
dress JOURNAL, box 306 Call office.
HELP "WANTED FEMALE.
LAUNDRESS, country hotel. $18; cook and
laundress, $25; housework girls, country $15
and $20. MURRAY" & READY, 634-636 Clay.
WOMAN with a child. $20 per month. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st, .
Lw-DY'S maid, $30. good place. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter. st. . "
NURSE. $25; French maid. $30; nurse, coun-
try, $20. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl, Oakland, $25; Mill Valley
$25, and other towns; 12 housework girls, city,
$20 $25 and $30; 6 young girls, . assist, $10 to
$15! MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
LAUNDRESS, $30; 2 second girls, $15 and $20.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. ■ -
4 WAITRESSES, hotels and boarding-houses,
$20 and $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 utter st,
WAITRESS, springs, $20; Bowlder Creek $20.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. -
2 NURSES $25 each; nurse. Alameda, $25;
nurse. Berkeley, $25. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st. ' ______
WAITRESS. $25, private family; chambermaid
and waitress, $15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
GIRL who speaks • German to tend counter,
delicacy store, $6 per week. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st. .
AN Al Ironer, ladles' clothes, $35 and found, for
a large country hotel; free fare there and re-
turn when the season is over: call early. •
C. R. HANSEN & CO..
-. -...104 Geary st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 183
4 waitresses, city and country. $20; 3 cham-
• bermaids, city and country. $20; 2 waitresses,
$17; chambermaid to wait, $18. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 101 Geary st.
FAMILY ORDERS. _".7'.
6 girls for cooking and housework, country,
$20 and $25; 15 houseglrls for city. $20; 4 Ger-
man or Swedish cooks, $25; young second girl
and seamstress, $15; German saleslady. $8
week. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
CHAMBERMAID and sewing, $25; 2 waitresses
and parlormaids, $25; 3 second girls. $20 and
$25; 4 cooks, $25; girl for housework. 3 ln fam-
ily, a short distance. $25; 6 waitresses and
chambermaids in hotels and restaurants, $20
"and $5 and $6 week; cook, small hotel, $25, and
a large number of girls for housework and
cooking. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter.
GERMAN girl, competent waitress and parlor
maid, with references. Apply Thursday and
. Friday mornings bet. 9 and 11. at 1900 Jack-
son St., cor. Gough.
WANTED— 2 • trimmers and 1 saleslady: must
.be experienced. The Bonnet Box . Millinery
Parlors, 461 Thirteenth st., Oakland.
NEAT-APPPEARING young lady as compan-
ion to lady and to assist In light housework. ,
' 216 Kearny st., room 9. .'
FIRST-CLASS skirt maker wanted. SCHIM-
MEL & STOVER, 408 Sutter st.
WANTED— SiIker and driving glove makers.
F. G. CONKLIN & CO., 413 Sacramento st.
NEAT girl, general housework, In small fatally.
Call after 10 a. m., 2691 Sacramento st.
OPERATORS on ladles' skirts; electric power.
DAVIDSON & MILLER. 731 Market st.
WANTED for cooking and general house-
work. Apply bet. 9 and 12; refs. 2422 Clay st.
CAPABLE girl for second work and assist with
2 children; references. 1608 Fell st.
FIRST-CLASS operator on custom pants. 541
■ Market st. --. —
NEAT young girl for general housework and.
plain cooking. 3 Belvedere St.. corner Waller.
YOUNG .girl to assist In light housework; sleep
home. - 216 Hyde st.
APPRENTICE on coats; experience not neces-
sary. 235 Kearny St., room 11.
EXPERIENCED apprentice girl on custom
'coats. 927 Market St., room 526.
WANTED — Woman for light housework. 10
Steuart st., upstairs.
GOOD waitress for 106 Second st.
WANTED experienced girl to wait. Apply
613% Jones st. ;
WANTED— S young ladies as agents; money-
making proposition. 40 Ellis st., room 19.
GIRL for housework. American family; no
washing; plain cooking; $20. 631 Larkin st.
GIRLS wanted to fill various positions at MRS.
C. KRAUSS'S, 315 Stockton st., near Sutter.
OPERATORS and finishers on custom coats.
1036 Howard st. jjSgHij
GIRL to take care of children. ■ 32% Clay st.
WANTED— kid glove saleswomen
for Sacramento. Apply to-day from .8 to 11
a. m. and 4 to 6 p. m. at WEINSTOCK. LU-
BIN & CO.'S, Market and Taylor sts.
LADIES to canvass patent medicine; well
known; big commission. Apply 615 Gough st.
OPERATORS on electric sewing machines on
shirts at GREENEBAUM. WEIX, & Ml-'
CHELS*. 531 Mission st.
WANTED by physician, a competent woman
' about 30; references. Box 401. Call.
HELP ANTE M .*.Lsb
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 6S4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT TO-DAY
20 woodchoppers, 4-ft. redwood and pine, 700
and $1 cord; tools furnished: 40 woodchop-
pers for different places, $1 50, $1 25 and $1
cord -.
30 tie makers, 12c, 9c and Sc each; stableman]
$25 and found; gardener and farmer. $30 and
found: drillers,- $1 75 day; }5 farmers, $20 and
$15; vine grafters, $26 and found; buttermaker
and milker, $30. MURRAY & . READY, 634
and 636 Clay st. •>
IRONER and polisher, country laundry
3 cooks '. $25, $30 and $35
2 waiters, plain places, $20 and iound: young
man to run gasoline engine. MURRAY &
READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
Want To-day-
Laborers, mountain railroad, $1 75 a day.
Railroad camp blacksmith.
Woodsmen, mine laborers, section hands,
north, ship to-night, see boss here.
Farmer and wife; milker, $20; teamster. $30;
choreman for a springs hotel, $20.
Painter, house and sign, country; soap-
maker. • ..-■-. ■-■/ -,■-, ■-...
Man to run a gasoline engine and do chores
around a hotel ln Nevada, $35 and found- and
fare paid.
Starcher and polisher, $30 and found: shirt
Ironer; Tyler machine, $30; both for hotels.
Restaurant head waiter; kitchen help. •"■_k
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary, st. %f A
WANTED— 6 more drift gravel miners, $40 and
board; 3 quartz miners, $2 60 day; Swiss
milker. X 25; and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— _or men, $35; ranch cook,
waiters, dishwashers and others. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
BUTLER, $30 per month. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st. .
WANTED— -lecturer, Catholic or
ecclesiastical student preferred." Address
POPE LEO XIII BIOGRAPHIC EXHIBI-
TION CO.. PETER BACIGALUPI. Manager,
933 Market •. ,
EXPERIENCED compositor; young man pre-
ferred. 16 Fremont st.
MAN to work In lodging house for room, board
and washing. 5 Market st.
BARBER wanted; steady. 797 Mission st., cor.
| Fourth.
TEN more genteel men wanted; $2 to J* per
day. 631 Golden Gate aye.
YOUNG butcher; good cutter; no other need
apply, 1905 Point Lobos aye.
TQ ijjo this week— 3oo pairs men's shoes, soma
ne_"__y new, from 60c to $1 _"0; new shoes,
slightly damaged, one-half price. 562 Mission
St.. bet. First and Second sts.; open Sundays.
GERMAN baker: second hand on bread and
cakes. 370 Hayes st.
HORSESHOER and general blacksmith. 2418
Santa Clara aye., Alameda.
WANTED— Delivery boy to drive grocery wa-
gon. Address box 51, Call.
WANTED- Laundryman to take charge of
small plant In country. Apply at ELECTRIC
LAUNDRY C0..-S3- Folsom st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting. 350
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bet, Ist and 2d sts.
*
WANTED— A barber nt 58 Steuart st. -7
WANTED— Cabinetmaker and polisher; elderly
man. Address box 1100, Call.
FIRST-CLASS advertising agent; lady or gen-
tleman. Room 4, 408 California sh ■'HELP WASTED-CoatlanU.
_-_ate.lf»- !
• na
nd 35 :
. States,
uad their in-
tent-ca to become such; •-.lust be of good char-
w? te ¥&v£ ' tS Y't able t0 =P*akf read and i
_\,A r f. f 3 \ P ; n '. ** be^een 5 feet 5 inches ,
E*L* *SU? fcggbt. For further information
f^Ply at the Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis st
ban Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— First-class ripsawyer; heavy work.
requiring strong, active man. Acoly C*.L
BARREL FACTORY. Potrero.
WANTED— Steady man: lisrht. genteel ca«h
business: must be satisfied with Jl. per week
and have $150 cash. 1-32 Market, room 4.
I r A NTED— Laborers and mechanics to know ;
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver Boose, 217 Third st.: ISO 'largo
rooms; 25c ptr night; $1 to $3 per week.
LAN or lady to take orders for printing. 420
Mpntgomery st.. room 33. yyy~,
•'ANTED— Men to learn the barber trad*;
summer rates or percentage terms. 1342 Mkt.'
AILORS. green hands, blacksmiths and car-
renters for steam whalers: seamen wanted at
LANt-'S. _*H Davis st.. near Jackson.
ARBERS* Progressive Union; free employ- >
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel Jessie 1164.
HOBSON House. 417 Kearny— Rooms from 23c !
1 3 50c; '"- to S3 per week.
-M MEN to so on whalir:?- cruise: no expert- i
ence required. HERMAN'S. 2. Steuart st.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764--. Mission
st.. men to take rooms. 10c. loc ... per
• _____ t=oc. ?0c and $1 per week.
MEN and w-?n-.en to learn barter trade at S. W.
P-arber coUesre, lg_j Eighth st.
SINGLE snnny furnished room, $2 30 a month. |
Llndell Housa, Sixth and Howard sts.
SEATTLE House. ' U-GU Third — Furnished :
rooms. 2'c t.-* SOc day: $1 23 to $3 woek.
MEN'S flne calf shoes to order. $2 50: -en's ;
solelng. 25c; only one price- 023 Howard st.
SINGLE rocms, 13c. 20c. 23c per night; 75c. $1
to »3 50 wk. Eloho House, ____, Market st.
WA3JTED — To collect wages due laborers and ;
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st-
SINGLE furnished flne laree sunny and airy
room. 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, -37 Market st.. below Sixth,
for a room: 23c a night; $1 a week.
: WINCHESTER House. 44 Thinl st., near Mar- I
ket; 200 rooms. 25c night: reading room; free
'bus and batreage to- and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
WANTED— '. ' young men to act as agents: big
•'-' . money. 40 Ellis st., room 13.
BE wise and get in while the proposition is
ir.ew and make good money. IS3 Seventh st.
ROOMS WANTED.
yy.yy^. yfZyyyfy
WANTED— 2 or - furnished rooms on Fill-
more st. Address 1303 Turk st. !
GOOD unfurnished room near S.venth and Mis-
sion sts. Address 1120 Mission st. ;
WANTED — 1 cr 3 unfurnished rooms for -se- I
keeping: rent tow. Address 526 Turk st. i
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— Every body to know that the Metro-
pole Club Rocms are running at 773 Market
St.. r.^xt door to the Midway Plaisance.
WANTED — 10.0<» ft. Id-hand water pipe fcr ...
rj gating: 1 to 4 in. ,- F. Iron Yd. 204 Mission.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
H. C. DECKERTT.bbbTbb
Office, _C_M MARKET ST.
15-room house; central: $100 cash $300
SO rooms: rent $30: on Missioa st 1200
54-room house: clears $300 2000
17 rooms; en Sixth st 430
€4 rooms: corner: clears $300 2780
•VB5 ROOMS: EXCHANGE FOR OAK- --;
LAND OR ALAMEDA PROPERTY.
US-roam house; new furniture 450
S-rcom flat: cheap rent 173 j
IS-rocm house: clears $130 530 i
46 rocrns; corner: clears $25*1 1500 j
1) rooms: near City Hall: very gocd 450
15 rocms; flne sunny corner; clears $100.. 500 j
12 rooms; on Market: cxc. for large house. 500 •
. n 2S" rooms; best cer. ln city; owner sick.. 2200 i
IS rooms; rent $30 (transient^; half cash.. 1050
' FOR A HOUSE -ANY SIZE OR PRICE call ■
en H. C. DECKER, _-« Market at j
A-KREM A- CO 22 "~i GEARY
MONEY ADVANCED ON ALL HOUSES.
100 rooms; Xc, 15c, 20c; clears $3i» $3000
65 rooms; best on Fourth st. : half cash.. 2400
49 rooms: Gearv st. ; will pay for itself... ICX)
2S rooms; housekeeping; clears $100 .. SO) j
"16 rooms; Post st. : all full; cheap rent... S3O
S rooms: new and clean: clears $25 3--0
5-room flat: Geary st-; elegant house 400
' .fgCC— 73 ROOMS; corner house: 4. rocms: '--"-
■ nished: cheap rent: $10-0 a month --fit.
' yy>— Buys a 24-roorn corner baa
$3*o— slso down: 12-rocm house: bargain.
Money loaned on furniture. EITEL. ICIS Mkt
. yJ ROC-MS; cheap rent: new; bargain — $3W
22 rooms; rent $30; give away 200
3S rooms; rent $85; investigate M 0
30 rooms; rent $30 only »jo *
R. H. WINSTON A CO.. 102S Market st. j
f4.v — LODGING house, north of Market st. ; IS
rooms: bargain this day. Box 1054. Call.
jjj** — R't-ga'.n: 10 rooms and bath: elegantly
" furnished: all rented. 770 ".Farrell; 11 to I ,
-BIG bargain; 7 rooms; good furniture. 507
Jones st. .
HORSE-,
"HCRSES~for^sale^ also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grind Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday. ,
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
mmmmmm .^ __—_,^ — — ■■ ■— — — ■ iwjim ■■■
WAGONS AND CAHRUCES.
EEL:. in . out— New and second-hand wagons
far sale cheap at 630 Broadway. '
FOR SALE— Gentleman's fine and fast road
tear- with road wagon and harness com- ;
plete. Address bex 1022. Call office. j
- FINE laundry, bakers', milk wagons; 3 bug-
tgies; 2 extra fine delivery wag. S2S Harrison. j
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts. ;
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st,
LOST.
REWARD for recovery of gold-bound, tortoise-
shell back comb, set with turquoise and dia-
monds: lost en Saturday. Address Comb, bor
JXXB, Call office. | ;
CO REWARD— 2 week 3 last Sunday, small
white fox terrier bitch; name Queenie; nickel
coUar; had long ears, biack-and-tan head,
black spot on end of back. Return 1620 Eddy.
BLACK and white greyhound bitch. Finder
will return to J. O. DO WD, 111 Fifth St.;
reward. ■■"-..•. .
SUNDAY Maroh '-- handbag with g'.as*es and
l key. W. M. McCOLLISTER. ___A Valencia.
M REWARD— Lost 2 weeks last Sunday, small
"white fox terrier bitch; name Queenie; had on
, nickel collar: had long ear?, black and tan
- bead. Mack spot on end of back. Return 1620
. Eddy st. | •
CARPET CLEANING.
" CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lavs carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr,
S3 and 40 Eighth st-: telephone South 253.
WHEN v-u become disgusted with poor work
* -'send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
- beating Works. 2-2-2-7 Tehama St.; tei. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter it.;
'• tel. Main 3-4. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
.- 453 Stevenson st. TeL South 22Sr lowest rates.
CARPET? cleaned at 3c per yard: Laid at 3c
' ' STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; teL Jessie 844.
3 E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co.. 243 Htk
\ st. : cleaning. Ie per yard; teL Mission 74.
CONKLLN"-. Carpet-beating Works. 323 Goidea
Gate aye.; tel. East 12». ?
_ ■• PROPOSALS.
pT^FRANCISCO. CaL. March 15, L3S-— Sealed
K proposals, in triplicate, will be received here
'.--• Sntlf 12 o'clock m.. April 14. _£». and then
' ocen^d for new boiler, repairs to engine and
docking, cleaning and repairing U. 6. steam-
-erGeneVal McDowell. Government reserves
r<e»-t to re>ot or accept any or all bids la
who> or in part. Preference given to articles
of domestic production, editions or price
and quality (including in the price of foreign
-™-rii>-o-ic-s the duty thereon) being equal.
. "' .fn^rech Preference given to articles of Amere
" fcan production produced on -he Pacific Coast
to extent of consumption required by the pub-
••• lie "en-ice there. Information furnished on
•• application to undersigned. Envelopes con-
' talnlng proposals should be Indorsed "Pro-
p^ais for x.fw boiler, docking etc.. of steam-
er." and addressed to J. M. MARSHAL^.
. .. Deputy Quartermaster General. Chief Q. M.
] TO LEi'E.
* ' FOR Rent-Park House and cottages for rent or
'- lease For particulars address J. T. ADAMS.
Ben Lomend. Santa Cruz County. Cal.
■ POINT RICHMOND R. -'- terminus: lots, bus-
" y£t* and res. G. W. Haight. 223 Sansome.
;• • ~- ~~ STOI.AGE.
" FIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Offlce. 401 Poet St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main a. 13.
• PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
■ . ing. advances, etc. 735 Market; tel. Black 311.
. SEWING 3IACHI.ES.
12 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold:
■ machine supplies. 145 Sixth: Phooe^Mlnt *>.
"" iLL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
\ #a-riß» at lowest rates. 2Cs Fourtli ««
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$-_-&^TRANSPER~corner saloon; IS furnished
rooms; 3 pianos: cash register, safe, etc.;
clearing about $175 per month: large stock
of liquors; sickness cause of a great bargain.
WILKE A - NFL'*i. F.i Market st.
CHICKEN ranch. 4 acres land; house of 4
room?; chicken houses; fine stock: well water;
close to Oakland price $2300. V.ILK— A LN-
FUG, SO. Market it.
: CIGAR stand. Stockton and Market sts.
WILKE S. UNFUG. SC« Market st.
Corner saloon; Battery and Sacramento
sts. WILKE A UNFUG. 90- Market st.
$300— BRANCH bakery with 4 living rooms;
rent ... on McAllister St.: dally receipts.
$10. WILKE & UNFUG, Ml Market St.
$1000— SALOON with 3 furnished rooms; estab-
lished many years; always been money-mak-
i ing place; best location; close to California on
Kearny st. ; rent low. Particulars \\ I^Kfc. *
UNFUG, s*l< Market st.
I BAKERY ; Western Addition: kept by
owner for 15 years; 3 wagons. - horses; halt-
ing 7 barrels per da: owner compelled by
sickness to retire. Particulars WILKE -_
UNFUG. MS Market st.
1 A— 91750— -SALOON on Stcciton and Market sts. ;
established many years and first-class; pay-
in*- 3 rears' lease; an excellent opening;
I _?<fk'ness > cau_e cf sale. WILKE A UNFUG.
; -06 Market st. V
! $3250— ATTENTION grocers; the best paying
comer grocery and bar in this city: estab-
lished for many years and doing first-class
paving cash store and bar trade; choicest
location; close to Baldwin Hotel; owner
must leave for Europe on account of family
affairs: a great sacrifice. Address box 4-u,
i Call office
: J75.--- WOOD and ccai yard; est 23 years; 2
horses, 2 wagons, 5 stalls; seller owns prop-
erty;" great bargain. LESS A CO.. 7fc> Market.
$230— SALOON and lunch house: best part city
front; cheap rent: old established ;^wm prove
this is paying, bonanza. M. LEs->. *5a MM.
i $730— PAYING clothing and shoe store: north
Market; large stock; be_t class cf trade; »
living rms., with turn. LESS & CO., .<*> -*i*t-
SI2OO— GROCERY and bar: living rooms; north
of- Market: paying cash business; present
! owner there 8 years. M. LESS. 7.3 Market st.
$4.0— SALOON and lunch he. near Market;
' central: 9 rooms; furniture included; a bar-
; gain without its equal. M. LESS, 765 Market.
: $1250— CORNER grocery - and bar; best part of
Mission: value in stock: living rooms: rent s2o;
horse and wagon. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
$4500— GROCER tno bar.*; best port north
Market st.; vain in stock: all saleable and
: first class; strictly cash business; best class
trade: receipts from $00 to SSO daily; reason-
, able rent; thorough investigation Invited;
i owner has country property needing atten-
tion; unequaled bargain. M- LESa, <&> -J.*-.
SALOON ; good lccatlcn; 30 rooms; all oc-
cupied: big bar trade; value ln sight: business
speaks for itself: actually worth WJOOj trial
i given; nothing can teat this. LESS, .65 Mkt.
$2000— MARKET st.: central 3S rooms; paying
concern; grand bargain. M. LESS, 765 Market.
PARTNER, light business; I ■■ a .' we : no
experience required; trial given; see it. west-
I crn Investment Co.. 9 Geary st. -
! $SSO— PARTNER; great investment: 330 day
j trade. Western Investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
j $1700— PARTNER, livery business; office work;
$300 a month clear; value in stock. Wcetern
Investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
1300— SMALL business for lady; good Living.
Western Investment Co.. 9 Geary at.
$450— SALOON; $3 clear a day: sickness. West-
ern Investment Co.. 3 Geary st.
$2.0— BARBER shop: elegantly furnished: good
trade. Western Investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
$830— RESTAURANT and oyster house for sale
or exchange for city property; departure
cause of sale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777
Market st. .
$30<>— HORSESHOEING shop; good location:
departure cause sale. McLaughlin, 7** Mat.
SICCO— SALOON; old-established business: death
in the family cause of sale. MCLAUGHLIN
iz CO., 777 Market st.
$350— WORTH $!-0; coal yard. hay. grain, oil
route; 150 customers. BASILE. .734 Market.
WANTED— Free-milling gold property; cash
buyer. BASILE, -73 1 . Market ---
! $250— RESTAURANT: rent 12: good location;
, barcain. ISCO— Partner livery business; cigar
stand to rent, $10. $2000— 35-room house.
CULVER & CO.. l-27'_ Market st.
! $2CO— PARTNERSHIP in good-paying business;
$75 per month each. ISoo Market St., upstairs.
: $113 RESTAURANT, coffee and oyster house;
! cheapest ln city. - Pacific Exchange, 1055 Mkt.
TO bey. sell or exchange city and country
property see HARTLEY & CO.. 1206 Market.
$330— ATTORNEY for corporation; office fur-
nished. HARTLEY ft CO.. 1206 Market st.
IF you want to buy. sell or exchange prop-
erty cr business cf any kind see JONE3 ft
LAWN, 719 Market St.. for square dealing.
FOR business chances, rooming-houses, city
and country real estate, bonds, stocks, leans,
etc.. call en CLARK ft CO.. room 509. Ex-
aminer buildi-ig.
IF you want to buy a business call on us; we
have what you want. German- American. 34
Kearny st.
A— buy or sell your business quick for cash
apply to MOON & CO.. lOCS'. Market st.
DR. F. P. MUFFS' S . _^
OFFICE, PRACTICE. HOSPITAL. ETC..
FOR SALE. ". < fy. - ... _
For particulars inquire at the office. 4_*
Kearny st., between 10 and 12 a. m.
: 40-ROOM lodging house; good, location; owner
"has run It for 10 years; compelled to sell
account of other business; a bargain; cheap
rent. Call 317 Third st.
. SALOON in Western Addition: must sell at
once; bargain. Inquire LEMLE-LEVY CO.,
I -65 Third st.
: FIRST-CLASS Lie barber shop for sale: coun-
try; must sell; good trade. 203 Jones st.
' FIRST-CLASS bak^r- - location; all store
trade. Box 1067, Call.
■ PARTNER wanted with some capital In dy-^rr.g
and cleaning work. Box 1031. Call office.
' WILL pay cash for stock of any kind of goods;
" city or country, without delay; must be
j cheap. Box 1013. Call office.
ON account of leaving for Europe, will sell
tailoring business; 630 yards of cloth and
trimmings. JOHN REDLEY, 340 Third st.
' WILL pay good price for office and household
furniture and modern piano. Box 1021. CalL
BRANCH bakery In connection with apartment
house: bargain; owner going^East. 1304 Polk.
$40()_PARTNER -.-.-anted: willing to work: good
money guaranteed. Address box 1177, Call.
#- SHOP for sale; mining town; cheap. H.
BERNARD. 104 Seventh st.
SALOON. Inquire Anchor Brewery, after 3
p. m. y]
; $430— RESTAURANT; worth $-000; selling on
account of death in family; receipts $20 per
day; located ln 200-room hotel; owner going
; to Europe; no agents. Call 323 Kearny st.
BARGAIN: saloon with living rooms; central
location, cheap rent, good trade: make offer;
owner cannot attend. Inquire Call offlce.
i IN private hotel (40 occupied rooms) a partly
furnished kitchen and dining room to rent.
! 962 Post st.
'• OLD-ESTABLISHED blacksmith shop for sale,
with stock and tools. Inquire 630 Broadway.
RESTAURANT for sale; near Postoffice. 108
Seventh St.. near Mission.
! BARBERSHOP in Oakland at a bargain; must
be sold. Box 643. Call office, Oakland.
$330— RESTAURANT, clearing $200 per month;
! trial given. Apply -37 Mission st.
, FOR Flrst-class bakery; all store trade;
ln good location: on account of ill-health.
Box 1025. Call office.
i $15 000— BUSINESS corner; lot 7cx_o3, with 2-
story building: rente for $100 per month; win
exchange for ranch; situated 1 block from
Market-st. Station. $250 cash, balance $100-
-can remain; cottage of 5 rooms and bath, lot
25x125. situated Adeline et.. near Eighteenth.
W. P. RYAN. 9*l Seventh St.. Oakland. CaL
INVESTORS and speculators can be materially
'assisted by paying a visit to J. S. PLTtDY'S
brokerage office. 45 Sutter St.. opposite Oc-
cidental Hotel: the latest new York and
Chicago markets.
FLORIST and nursery stock; greenhouse and
heating apparatus; doing business of $15 to
$25 a day: selling on account of sickness.
Particulars at 500 Haight st. no agents.
FOR sale— A cozy barber shop and cigar stand;
doing good business; owner leaving city;
sickness cause. Address box 50. Call office.
CHEAP branch baker.' and dairy store; 4
rooms. Apply 707 Devisadero st. .
j GOOD restaurant; good location; very cheap.
Apply Call office.
$60— BRANCH bakery and coffee parlor; J liv-
ing rooms; ren^sl2- 103* Larkin st.
' BUTCHER shop; good location: cash business;
sickness cause for selling. Box 396, CalL
- RESTAURANT. Sixth St.; established 10 years;
gocd business; $800. Apply Call office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
I W. CASWELL A CO.'S. 415 Sacramento at.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for I4S 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
. TYPEWRITERS.
' ALL typewriters soid and rented; few partly
used for sale. cheap; send.: fur samples and
i prices. AI.F.XAKPSB * CO.. Hi) Montgomery.
THE SAN FKAyOIISCO CALI,, THT7HSDAT, MARCH 16, 1899.
' ' PERSONALS.
HARJ^N^KT^llfriln-tltuta has moved to 703 i
Sutter st.. near Taylor; tie Harmonic "V .bra- |
tar cures, positively removes wrinkies, ac- .
velops busts; tests free. 7 ■ ■ ; j
OPERA bangs and switches. Ha up: this week |
only; artistic opera dressing. La > erite Ha** ;
- dressing Parlors. 30 Geary; phone red 3733. |
■ NOTICE— 3. ONETO has declared to have sold j
his share of business, debt and credit to L.
TORP-E, grocery firm, on 442 Montgomery ay.
: DROP in to the Metropoie Club rooms; the
finest ln the city. 773 Market St.. opposite
the Phelan building.
' NO place Just as good: go to LEDERER'S to
have your hair dressed. 25c: the very longest
hair rolls, not short or medium, for 3.C. 123
Stockton st. _^
LEDERER'S Qulnonla hair . tonic will take
away that dead look from your hair: 3_c bot-
tle; try it, O. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent, Trademark j
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Law a Specialty.
San Francisco. CaL American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
! ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St., near Market: 200 rooms;
_3c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
i THE genuine misfit. 272 Fifth st. $30 and 140
suits at your own price: perfect fit guarnt d.
PRIVATE residence for ladies in delicate
health. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth. Alameda.
! CLOTHING. especially ladies' and children's;
hi ghest price: postal. H. Fabian. 1020 Folsom.
i RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife: no te-
Jecticn.Gurntd.Dr.Gordln.sl4 Pine. ab. Kearny
DR. F YON BUELOW has removed from 822
Valencia to 1208 Market St.. rooms 9 and 13.
BATHS 1-V>c; 3*: porcelain tubs: separate en-
trance' for "ladles; lady attendant. 34 Fonrtn.
' FOLDING beds $S 5.; bedrm sets $8: bed loung-
es 14 50; open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 «th-
A— Ladles' or gent's clothing, furniture. bought.
; sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1.23 Folsom st.
' BERWIN & GASSNER. furriers, formerly on
Post St.. removed to store 11- Kearny st.
I CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
i SUITS to crder en easy installment*^ . I_ .
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
DRESSMAKERS.
i SILK^-Ti-to-h dresses made. So up ; dresses made
I over: perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLP_-TEIN.
SPIRITUALISM.
! a-HBS.' 3 ' J." trance test medium,
life reader: medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings. $L 233 Stockton st. ;
MM 1- YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night,
10c: 60S McAllister St.: come skeptics.
MISS E. L. DAVIS, clairvoyant, card reader;
953t» Howard St.; ladies. 25c; gents. 50c. ;
1 MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. a.;
Mon-, 8: 25c; sittings. SL 233 Valencia st.
! MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an offlce at 315 O Farreil.
I MRS MENA FRANCES. independent slats
writing medium. 118 Haight st. _
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ITM" PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader: born with double veil and sec-
end sight: diagnoses disease; full life read-
ing: ladies. SOc: gents. $1; sit.. $1 50. 12. Turk.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist.
215 Kearny st., ■ rooms 9 and 10.
! MME RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
GYPSY life reader gives true readings: ladles.
25c; gents, 50c. 10«3 Mission St.. near Seventh.
- MME AUGUST. 1150 Mission St.: clairvoyant
' and palmist; truth cr no pay: 25c.
! BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE— Clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush, rooms '- and 10.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave: future hos-
band's picture. 25c: ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
PREDICTIVE ASTROLOGY.
PROF. MONROE, 777 Market st.: future
events. 50c: advice, all questions: satisfaction
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD. pupil Count St. Ger-
main*. 33-- Twenty-flrst St.. above Valencia;
teL "White 1571; reading by mall. $L
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR-
i SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH, 2115 Bush
st.: 13 years' experience; references given- .
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
i AS~we are selling good upright pianos for $8
cash and $8 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method: prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
i A FEW UPRIGHT BARGAINS.
Cramer; good for practice * *3
Weber; flne condition "i
Sterling: walnut case L 3»
Bradford grand upright..........^".;--..--^
Easy payments: guaranteed. ____-nj. lib-
TAZ & SON. IS ' -'Farrell St.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chlca-ro is KOHLER & CHASES,
•*, 28 and > ' '' ?"arre:! St. : pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments cf all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
I MAGNIFICENT Hallett & Davis upright:
must be sold at once: an offer wanted by
private owner. Room 10, Flood building.
HORNUNG'S pianos praised by all great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of the
day:' please .mine. ' 21$ McAllister st.
. | UPRIGHT piano for sale. Apply 1723 Clay st.
I ' PI\NOS accurately tuned and warranted.
Send postal card to COOKE. 10S1 Howard St.
i FINE Estey orean: a bargain; good as new.
Apply forenoons. --IS Shotwell st.
'■ ' PIANOS at auction prices to realize advances
' ' and storage. Wilson's Storage Rm3.. 1710 Mkt.
i - FINE Estey organ: a bargain; good as new.
' Apply forenoons. 814 Shotwell st.
' j BARGAIN In fine upright piano at room IS,
.1021 Van Ness re. __^__
t ' NEW pianos, stool and scarf. S3 per mo. rentaL
SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co- 540 Hayes st.
' ! A— UPRIGHTS. $83 up: installments. $5 73 up;
1 i rents S3 50 up (allowed en purchase). 136 Ellis.
! W G BADGER, 415 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
i ; BARGAIN-Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ. IS
; McAllister st.. next Hibernla Bank.
. ' SOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
r MAUZY. Sole Agent. 338 Post st. ''. - ■
• - A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy 3CB Post st
■ KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
; i LER A CHASE. 30 Q-Farrell St.
' ' SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS. *
' I BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
. i INTOSH & WwLPMAN. 135-137 Fremont st.
' ! CHEAP; furniture of 3 rooms and kitchen,
■ i complete; also new Singer sewing machine.
. j 10 Walnut aye.. off Larkin st.
', FEMALE canary birds: strong and healthy:
[ 50c and 75c. 318. Sixteenth St., near Valencia.
' BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
' . linoleum, offlce furniture, store and offlce fur-
nltnre and fixtures: new and second hand. ;
J. NOONAN, 1517-1313-10-1-1023 Mission St., .
" ! above Sixth.
5 I A GENUINE C. F. Martin guitar for $24. cost
; originally $45- UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant
1 aye.
- i GAS and gasoline engines: all sixes and
1 prices; second hand engines purchased and
3 I exchanged. Dynamic Engine Co.. 503 CaL st.
! A LAUNDRY plant complete: dryer, boiler, en-
- ' gine, etc. WHITE'S, 515 Mission st.
: , SAFES— sizes new and second- hand. THE
' HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento st.
« BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE. 133 Beale st.
- FIRST-CLASS Prentice screw cutting lathe; _
portable forge. Call at once «4S Mission st.
- ' OVERSTOCK— St. Germain. Billiard Co.: tables.*
saloon fixtures, beer pumps; rented. 409 Mkt.
; '■ GASOLINE engines— l horsepower, $100; 2, $125;
3. $150; 4. $175. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission st.
; LEATHER belting, lace leather, pump cups.
etc. Cal. Belt Co.. 519 Mission St.; tel. Br. 331.
' POLYPHONE. $33: attachment (only), $15; will
fit phono or graphophone. BacigalnpL 933 Mkt.
S — Bargain* In new and second-hand; all
sixes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. 3. F.
- ■ ~~*
PHYSICIANS.
; MRS~DR*L DONOVAN, 621 Hayes St.; all
kinds of womb trouble a specialty; diseases
- I of the eye treated by herbs.
I I REMOVAL notice— Dr. C. C. O'Donneil. office
, I and resides-*. Ifl-lHt Market, bet. 6ti_and 7th.
HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSES. j FLATS. i
8 r. : 1220 I_agu_-_-$35 7 rooms; 930 Sutter. S4o i
10 r. ; Ul3 Guerrero 43 6 rooms: 1020 Geary. 28
7- 1222 Buchanan. 15. r.; 2526 California. 30 i
tall and get a list.
A. M. SPECK ft CO.. 667 Market st.
HOUSE to let: - rooms. -3^4 Morris aye., near |
Sixth and Harrison sts.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of houses from BALDWIN ft
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms: large yard and base-
ment. 214 CoHlngwdod st.. bet. 13th and 20th.
TO LET— IS 62 Turk St.— Cottage; 4 rooms; por-
tion stable; reasonable rent.
$650 W-ILL build 4-room bay-window cottage;
will call. GEO. M. SALSBURY. builder, 521
X St.. Sunset District.
_jLAT_r~TO LET.
AN elegant 7-room upper flat; bath, laundry. |
sanitary plumbing; sunny side; _ a. m. to 2 :
p. m. hi A Bush St. j
A— ELEGANT i rooms, porcelain bath, electric ;
lights, etc.. $27 60. 1713 Page st. ---:.. j
CLAY. 1415 A. bet. Leavenworth and Hyde— ;
Firet-class sunny fiat. S rooms and bath; ex- 1
tra room in basement: rent reduced very low. ;
FLAT cf 4 rooms; bay window, bath; $12. 718
Natoma St.. between Eighth and Ninth.
ON GLEN. PARK AYE.
No 3. lowr flat. 4 r.Ji: No 27, uppr flat. 4 r.sl4 i
No 5. lowr flat. 4 r. If No 34, third flat, 4 r. 12
No. 32. house. 7 rooms, bath, laundry $25
On Twelfth St.; 5 rooms, bath, laundry. $22 50
Gardens In front, large yards In rear, most
picturesque avenue In city; ln warm belt; '
dry atmosphere and beauty of surroundings
make it most desirable for bronchial or lung
troubles; bet. Mission & Howard, 12th & 13th.
DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Park aye., off 12tl_.
OUR rent department gees to your home: get
printed list of fiats from BALDWIN ft HOW-
ELL, 10 Montgomery st.
4073 TWENTY-THIRD St., near Castro; upper
sunny 5 rooms: $15.
597 Noe St., corner Nineteenth; upper 5 rooms;
17 - - =^«_ : b
47 Pond st.; upper sunny 5 rooms: $14.
FURNISHED FLATS.
FURNISHED fiat, 5 rooms complete; respect-
able neighborhood: parties - going to their
rummer home; responsible parties only. 311
Taylor: 2 to 4 p. m.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EDDY, 617—3 furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; lately renovated; also single at $4 up.
EDDY. 917— Large well furnished rooms; good
kitchen; no children: private residence.
ELLIS, ---•, cor. Larkin— bay-window;
mantel; . folding bed; light housekeeping
FIFTH. 322—2 sunny front connecting house-
keeping rooms; complete; bath; private; 310.
FOURTH, 225— Rooms suitable for light house-
keeping: $1 25 up. .
GOLDEN GATE. 223— Nicely furnished room;
also housekeeping rooms.
HARRISON, 731—3 rooms, furnished complete
for housekeeping; large yard; rent $14. . • -
HOWARD, S2S— Housekeeping from $150 to S3
week; also other rooms; cheap.
HOWARD. 3334—H omelike sunny rooms. 1150
per week; also one at $1; bath.
JESSIE. 475. Near Sixth— Furnished rooms;
light housekeeping; also others.
JONES, Neatly furnished suite for house-
keeping and single room; $11 and $S.
LAGUNA. 705—2 nice furnished sunny house-
keeping rooms; use of gas and bath; rent
cheap.
LARKIN. 1713— 2 front rooms, partly furnish-d;
$12; gas range; private family. ■
MARKET, 1023— Large sunny front room and ,
kitchen; folding bed, closet; $12; 3 rooms. $14- i
MARKET. 1-4—2 sunny newly carpeted par-
lor rooms for housekeeping; could arrange for ,
kitchen. j
MISSION, Sunny suite complete for house-
keeping, 110; large rooms, $8.
MISSION, Hie 1 -*— Large front room, neatly fur-
nished; good ccokstove; S3 per week.
MISSION. 2133—3 sunny rooms complete for
housekeeping; hot water, bath, etc.; cheap.
POST, 2406 — Furnished room, with use of
kitchen; private family^
SILVER. So— Sunny bay-window front room
and kitchen: nicely furnished: also other
rooms: reasonable. _^
SIXTH, 23 1 * — Nicely furnished sunny front
~ rooms for light housekeeping; rent reasonable.
SIXTH. 21f'*— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; light housekeeping A sing.: rent reas.
STOCKTON. 1307— furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent cheap. ___
SUITE of two large nice sunny front rooms,
complete for housekeeping; kitchen and bed-
room: $5 per month. Apply at shoe store. se_ -
_____ st.. between First and Second sta.
THIRD 303 2 nicely furnished connecting '
rooms'; complete housekeeping; $2 50 per wk. j
-V WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call, j
16 gee. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per __*_■
ROOMS TO LET.
A _ SA 2L Francisco House, 737 Howard St., bet.
* 3d and 4th— Changed hands; 100 r., newly fur-
nished, 2Gc to sflc night, $1 to $3 week; double
beds rented as single; reading rm.; transients.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; . elevator;
bath: rooms. »0c to $1 5*3 day. MRS. J. KING.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single: first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT HA Geary— Double bed. hair mattress; run-
ning water; $1 50 a week.
AT SUTTER, 717— 831— Snnny; choice; reason-
able; appreciated If seen; please investigate.
AT 52 Second— Double rooms, per wk.. $1 50 to i
" $3; single, $1 to $1 50; night, 25c to 50c
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
single; facing plaza; day or month.
A— SUTTER. 717— Sunny; choice; ream ,
able; appreciated If seen: please Investigate. i
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Elegant corner rooms;
sun all day; all conveniences; elevator; fam-
ilies and gentlemen. i
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 531. The La Newly furnished
sunny rooms en suite or single; reasonable.
ELEVENTH. -106, near Mission— Nice sunny
housekeeping rooms.
FIFTH, 221— Renovated rms.: single andl_-kpg;
sunny; stoves; respectable; $1 to $2 week.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 727— Handsomely fur-
nished front room; running water; grate; pri-
vate family; reasonable. --.y-.Y
GOLDEN GATE, 1350—- large sunny, well-
furnished room; free telephone.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 7«1 Mission— family
rooming-house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, 121.— 2 or 3 large sunny furnished
or unfurnished housekeeping rooms; $12 & 315.
LEAVENWORTH. Sunny single furnished
room for gent. $5 per month.
MARKET. 1524. near Franklin— Large front
sunny room, newly furnished; housekeeping;
rent $12.
MINNA. 667, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room: $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 1212, one block from City Hall— 2
large, nicely furnished rooms in private fam-
ily; gas. bath, hot water, etc.
MISSION, 1220— Sunny front suite rooms, fine;
furnished for 5; grate; private.
MISSION. 2328— Nicely furnished rooms; gen-
tlemen with quiet habits preferred.
NATOMA. 252. near Fourth— 2 unfurnished
rooms; rent $6; with sink and running water.
NICE sunny front room to let; cheap. Apply
USA Clara, St.. near Fourth.
O'FARRELL Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
O'FARRELL. 203— Newly furnished front sunny
rooms; cheap; also others.
O'FARRELL. 416— Nice sunny rooms by the
day. week or month. .
O'FARRELL. 5C2. Jones, Changed hands;
newly furnished sunny single or en suite. IS
per month up.
PINE, 514 A. near Kearny— Nicely furnished
sunny rooms; single or en suite: $5 up.
SEVENTH, 132 (Girard — Sunny rooms;
reasonable ; also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House. » Eighth st,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SUTTER. Comfortably furnished rooms,
single and en suite: also housekeeping; terms
reasonable. '
THIRD. 303— Furnished sunny front rooms:
single and double; $1 a week and up.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
CHILD to board; good home and good care;
terms moderate. 417*. Grove st.
STORES TO LET.
CORNER saloon to let on Sixth st; occupied
by one tenant for twenty years. Apply to
C. S. CAPP A CO., real estate agents, S3*
Market st. _ _
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 a week up: elegant parlor suite.
HYDE, Large sunny rooms, wtth excel-
lent board: families solicited: reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board: reasonable: table board.
POST. 509. near Mason— Pleasant sunny rooms,
with excellent board; meals at all hours.
SOUTH PARK. 153— Furnished sunny rooms;
very reasonable; private family; board opt L
SOUTH PARK. 139 — Sunny furnished room,
with or without board. _________
SUTTER, 1128— Nicely furnished rooms over-
looking garden, with excellent board; desira-
ble location- y-yfyy ■__
VAN NESS. 850— Elegantly furnished front
rooms: privilege of parlor and piano: tele-
phone: table flrst-class. -
RESTAURANTS.
PERINI'B. 16 Mason St.— French dinner. 50c:
lunch. -25c or a la carte: prL rms. for ladies.
CAMPrS Restaurant: any 2 15c dishes, with
small coffee, 25c. 106-8 O'Farrell. opp. Orpheum.
LOMBARDI'S French dinner. 25c; 10 a m. to i
p. m. 43 Stockton (old No. 25). nr. O'Farrell.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant. coffee and ice
cream p-trlor. . ■••-;-..-■ popular prices.
OFFICES TO LET.
GEARY, 3SVr— 3 furnished connecting rooms for
offices, first floor, with stationary washstand.
POWELL. 143— Sunny suite of offices occupied
by doctor tn last -i years: furnished. -
MARKET, 1206— Sunny corner, suitable for
offices: _:=■- furnished rooms.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, - safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find in
i her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home: consultation free and ab-
solute! v ccnfldential; satisfaction guaranteed.
without Injury to health, or money refunded
- by MRS. DR. GWYER, *: Eddy St., bet.
Hyde and Larkin ; offlce hours, 10 to 12. 2 to 4
and 7to L Sundays by appointment only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregular;-. (from •***_
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed: travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day; no instruments used; self-cure, $3;
home In confinement: skillful medical atten-
tion; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 542 Pest St., bet.
Hyde and Larkm: hrs. 10 to 5 and 7 to 8 p. m.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies.
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
£0 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and a.-i sure relief.
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home.
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay self-cure sent: call or write: free: confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 1223 Market St.;
pills, $1; very strong, $2.
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how long- standing:
every woman her own physician; can be sent
safe and sure; no medicines or Instruments
used: consultation free; traveling parties
helped instant! and sate treatment guaran-
teed; cure, $~; by the well-known specialists
ami ladies' physicians for 37 years: see us.
DR. POPPER and DRS., 313 Kearny st.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world- renowned
female specialist, relives monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. ODonnell has
treated successfully more cases or Irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never fails to
cure: consult him first, save time and mj*ney,
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write, 1023H Market at.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladles near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well-known: reliable, safe and sure: cure in
24 hours guaranteed: any time: maternity
home; best medical attendance; pills $1; cure
$3. 1362 Market St.. bet. 7th--th. tel. Mint 1633.
'■ A TREATMENT that restores Instantly ail
i cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause: positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at offlce. $5; travelers helped In-
stantly: consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market St.. between
Mason and Taylor; hours 9 to 5 p. m.
LADlES— Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best. safe, reliaoie; take
no other: send 4c stamps for particulars:
"Relief for Ladies": letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Phila
ALL married ladles know "?eguro." the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co.. 40« Clay
st. ■ $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co., 531 X st.. Sacramento, CaL
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.: private home in confinement, with every ,
comfort; best care and attendance; terms j
moderate: infants adopted Into good homes. I
ALFEACS French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D.; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland, Cat.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor.treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
PRIVATE home in confinement: best refs.;
1540t_ Howard; Mrs. M. Wiedemann, midwife.
— -^ I
LADlES— lnstant relief for monthly troubles
or money back: $5 up. DR. WISE. 1113 Mkt.
~ DENTISTS.
DR. T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors.
Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; Inferior
wcrk done on the teeth is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and achinsr teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold filling Cram $1; plates
from $3. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. MB Mar-
ket St.. corner Fourth, room 7. Flood building,
you can have your extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns, $3 30 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.: Sunday,
9 to 2 p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D..
Manager.
A FULL set of teeth. $5: see new flexible I
plates; light and thin: guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown -nd bridge work
our specialty: fillings, EOc; crowns. $3 50: all
work painlessly and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
'.. DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st . ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges. $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 3 first
prizes; no students: guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH without plates a specialty: full set of
teeth. $5; crowns. $3: flilings, 50c; all work
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental
Parlors. . Mason St., corner of Market.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors: guaranteed
work; lowest prices; ten operators: open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
spir.V'Jtv: nil work reasonable: gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st. -
LOWEST prices in S. F. : painless extraction
guarntd. N. Y. Dentists. 963 Mission, cor. Sth.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 233 Kearny; set of teeth
$4: filling, gold. SOc: silver. 25c: crowns. $3.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol.. min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages. English; 24
teachers, day an. evening: catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.
FRENCH classes, under the auspices of "Al-
liance Francaise," will open at the French
Library afternoons and evenings for adults
only: graduate teachers from French Govern-
ment will give tuition: every pupil who Joins
class becomes member of the library. For
terms apply at French Library. City of Paris
bl.lg-. Geary and Stockton, 3 to 4. 8 to 9 p. m.
NEVER too late to get good teacher. Prof. L.
Merki. violin, mandolin, guitar. 1008 Mission.
MERRILL- MILLER college shorthand, typing;
individual Instruction; new typewriters; book-
keeping: rapidity at figure* by noted expert
Mr. Tarr: day. eve. Rms. 572-6. Parrott bldg.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st. :
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
scholarship. $30; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers:
Ellis system: sunny ro-.ma; low rates: day.
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING School, civiL electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey.- assay, arehi. ; day A eve. ;
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
PIANO, singing and elocution lessons. Mme.
Renfro and Miss M. Smitten. IM! Sutter st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. King, att'y-at-law; 6th
floor. Chronicle building; no advance charges:
estates, .m'fgages. damages, attachments.
bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts, etc..
drawn; moderate fees; call or write.
NO charge unless successful; advice free: offlce
open ev«ning3 from 7' to 10. HUGH C.
GRANT. -ey-at-law, room 604 - Emma
Spreckels building.
ADVICE free; all legal matters. J. B. EVANS.
14 McAllister st., near Hibernla Bank. ,
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
L. 3. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building. 937
Market: consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successfuL W.
1 W. DAVIDSON, 821 M._ri_e.t si.
CITY REAL ESTATE. |
SOL GETZ A BROTHER, _. . _,_._ :
ROOM A. CROCKER BCILDINOt j
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
ONLY 32001 ONLY Mi! INSTALLMENTS!
BEST AND CHEAPEST LOTS NEAR
BOULEVARD AND BEACH!
NEW BLOCKS. FINE CLIMATE. SUPERB
VIEW.
$300 to ISOO— Beautiful Sunset Heights lots: i
best home sites in the city; only *25 down. »- :
monthly.
Special bargains ln Richmond lots— $400 to j
Si..-. . ready to build on.
3100 to ?300— near Mlsston-st. electric j
cars; ready to build on: JlO down. 33 monthly. 1
Branch Office on Ninth aye.. near H st.
SOL GETZ A BROTHER.
ROOM A. CROCKER BUTLDLNO.
I— li 73x200. running from 12th to 13th
ayes.. South San Francisco, within «X) feet of
public school: 2H blocks from Third st. elec-
tric cars: title insured. F. A. McNALLY &
CO., 13 Montgomery st. __^__
A SPLENDID HOME IN BEAUTIFUL
SANTA ROSA.
tlO.OCfl— For sale or exchange, about 4 acres.
within 2 Mocks of business center: fronting 135
feet on the best residence street: improve-
ments cons -'. of a handsome residence contain-
ing 12 large rooms, etc.: cost 313, K0 to build;
beautiful lawn, shrubbery, etc.
BALDWIN A HOWELL.
13 Montgomery st.
MISSION COTTAGES
Four. 5, 6 and 8 room houses on the sunny
side of Twentieth st.. between Castro and
Noe: 32200 to 33200: small cash payment; bal-
ance monthly: over 4*) houses sold in same
block by F. NELSON, builder.
BARGAIN — 2-story modern house: perfect
order; 32300; terms. GEO. W. CHAPIN. U
Montgomery st.
NEW — Corner of Chestnut and Leavenworth
sts.: * rooms, bath: marine view; street work
done: small cash payment: lot 27 CxllO.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
A BARGAIN— #> acres of land; near school;
facing county road to San Jose, bet. Warm
Springs and Mil pitas: 3 acres vineyard, .bal-
ance grain land: good 9-room house, bam,
well, windmill and tank. For further par-
ticulars call 425 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
MARIN Co.. 26 miles from S. F.— s4o to ISO per
acre; choice lands tn tracts of all sixes: Im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay. grain,
fruit and vegetable lands: easy terms: rail
and water transit: good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO., rm. 27. Sth floor Mills bdlg.. S. F.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts: 2130 acres sold to 120 families; 730*
acres left. For particulars of Immense crops
raised tn dry season of 1837-98 address THE
COTATI CO.. 302 California St.. S. F.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to 11 50 night: 11 » to M
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
PBOPERTY TO EXCHANGE-
GOOD property to exchange for a hotel. J. H.
EDSON. 1203 Broadway. Oakland.
~ MONEY TO ]______« __
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In installments or as a whole: If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 6S-63 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F-. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission sL, above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at «i« per cent on real estate. 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate- mortgazes and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644. •
BORROW money on indorsed paper or your
salary: small loans a specialty: any secur-
ity. THE REYNOLDS CO., cor. 3d and Jessie.
ON furniture or pianos, city or Oakland: no re-
moval; low rates: no commission; 323 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
A— WHEN tired of other pawnbrokers try THE
* CUT-RATE LOAN OFFICE. 23 Mason st.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal'; no com-
mission; private. LICK. lIS McAllister St.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 63S Market st.
350 JO 370. "•>■>; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. ' Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
_ FINANCIAL.
MONEY to loan— Real estate. 2d mortg.. chat-
tels, etc. Harper A Krelger. 312 Emamtn°r big.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.'
Abbs 3 MONTHLY rental for a nice chicken ;
ranch; 4 large chicken houses, fine brooders,
4 nests, 12 compartments; 6-foot high wire I
fencing: very complete for immediate busi- |
ness; will sell. If desired, at a bargain; a j
few lots left unsold, 173 upward: 35 cash. 35 |
monthly; wilt make special terms If desired;
Allendale settlement. East Oakland; 53 fam-
ilies within 2 years have located and own
their homes: streets all graded, some are
macadamised: near a fine 3-story schoolhouse
and 3 electric car lines and also a 30-foot
wide boulevard; site, climate and soil the
very best; no fogs nor cold winds here. Call
or send for circular, 455 Seventh St., near
Broadway, Oakland; carriage free. H. Z.
JONES, owner.
FOR — Three modern houses, 8 rooms. Just
finished: cor. Grove and Albion sts.; cash or
Installments, or take lot as first payment.
WM. MANN. 3d A Washington sts.. Oakland,
OAKLAND FURNISHED ROOMS AND
BOARD.
NICELY furnished rooms, single or en suite;
private family: all modern improvements:
with or without board: 7 minutes Bran local
train; reasonable. 355 Telegraph aye., cor.
William st.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR. SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. BCHELL-
HAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh St. See him
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
jl00«— Lot 50-L25: house 3 rooms; good location.
3__«— 73x150; cottage. 5 rooms: Central aye.
33500— Elegant house. 8 rooms; Urge lot:
Grand st., near San Antonio aye.
pem—fta3Mi new S-room house; Morton street
i station. _ _
Choice lot on Chestnut st.. near San Jose
1 aye.. 123 per foot: to exchange for San Fran-
cisco property; splendid 7-room cottage; at
Morton street station. "--_'>.
* The above are in best locations and can be
bought on terms to rait: convenient to trains
and schools. ALAMEDA LAND CO..
1500 Park st-. Alameda.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
San Francisco Office. 30 Montgomery st.
COTTAGE. 5 rooms and bath; lot 33:4x1..);
fine artesian well. windmill, etc; easy terms.
S3_.io Elegant new home. 8 rooms: lot 42X138;
Santa Clara aye.; terms 1400 cash. 123 per mo.
12600— Naw Colonial cottage, 8 rooms; lot 42a
207- half block from station and high school;
terms 3400 cash. 325 per month- « ..... .
33500— New house of 8 rooms: lot 40xls0: fine
location- San Antonio aye.: Chestnut Station;
terms 3500 cash. 125 per month.
A fine business comer, ___S2:o: store and flat
above; new and modern; mast be sold; owner
going East. ...
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL A CO.. 1432 Park st.
" MABBIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Jean P Boret and Veronlque Saflfores 38-23
Vex H. Neill and Nellie C. McNamara.. 23- 1«
John Dron and Lnla B. Perkins 45-33
Harry Marks and Stella Hamburger 23-29
Walter King and Letitia E. Mayers 27-20
Albert W. Spring and Amelia Maglll 4*-30
William- Kohler and Minnie M. Kispert.. -.51-36
Charles J Stepham and Julia A. M0r5e. ...41-38
Alfonso Lucchest and Martanna Davin1. ...24-21
Senesi Arrisbl and Angela Arrighi 33-13
Wtlltam F. Rickman and Marguerite E.
Schoroht ____
IMJ-MABBIAQES--DEtm
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the DUblicatton offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
M'-LEAN— In this city. March *, 1833. to the
wife of Dr. A. D. McLean, a daughter.
STEINHART— In Haywards, March 13, 1539, to
the wife of M. Steinhart. a son.
. • ~~MABBIED.~ ~~
! FRIEDMAN— COHN— this city. March 13.
1*39. by Rabbi Isidore Myers, Mtt** .^* d *
man and Ada Cohn. both of San Francisco.
HOYT— KOEHNCKE— In San Leandro. March
- 13. 1833. by the Rev. S. M. Dodge, F. T. 9*y*
and lii L. Koehncke. -
===================================
DIED.
Boehmer. Catherine Johnson. Peter
Coyle. Mary Kelly. Margaret E.
Davis. Mrs. Jane E. Lyons. Daniel
Doherty. William McDermott. Bernard
-eiian. Thomas McFarUnd. James
Driscoll. Dennis Milan. John T.
Dujardin. Frederic Murray. Catherine
Echeverria. Dolores O'Brien. James T.
Erratt. May E. Robl. Margaret A.
Feeney. Milton J. Scouler. Willard
Graham. Mr? H. R. Slem. Hans C.
Hoffmann, Albert W.chrows-U. Albert
BOEHMER— In this city, March 14. 1539. Cath-
erine, beloved wife of Herman Boemer ;
mother of George Horn, and grandmother or
Ruth Horn, a native of Germany, aged 49
years 4 months and 3 days.
C-TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this lay
(Thursday), at 3 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter A White. 122 Eddy street.
Interment Masonic Cemetery.
COYLE— In this city. Maroh 15. 1533. Mary, be-
loved mother of Kate and Andrew Coyle. a
native of Roscommon. Ireland, aged ** years.
DAVIS— In Berkeley. March 14. 1833. Mrs. Jane
E-. widow of the late Robert Davis, and
mother of Mrs. Allen Mac Donald and Mrs.
J. C. Jensen, a native of County Tyrone. Ire-
land, aged 63 years 8 months and 2") lays.
(Modesto and Stockton papers please copy »
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her daughter, Mrs. Allen Mac Donald. 2434
Haste street- Interment Mountain lew
Cemetery.
DOHERTY— In the City and County Hospital.
Maroh 15. 1339. William Doherty, a native
of California, aged 41 years.
DONNELLAN— In this ctty. March 13. 1839.
Thomas P.. beloved husband of Catherine
DonnelUn. father of Thomas Donnellan. and
stepfather of the late Joseph B. Kenny a na-
tive of County Galway, Ireland, aged 60 year*
2 _£__ and 22 days. • ,
C-TNotlce of funeral hereafter.
DRISCOLL— this city. Maroh 15. 1899. Den-
nis, beloved husband of Kate Driscoll. step-
father of Theodore Wholler, and brother or
Jeremiah Driscoll and Mrs. Margaret Mur-
phy, a native of Baltimore, parish of Bath.
County Cork, Ireland, aged 53 years.
E-^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 459 Tehama street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church far services at 10 clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery- m e „ .
DI'JARDIN— In this city. March 14. 1533. Fred-
eric Dujardin, a native of Ghent, Belgium,
■ aged 62 years and 3 months.
ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
i fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from Ids late resi-
dence, 1253 Eddy street.
: ECHEVERRIA— Ia this city, March 15. 1533.
Dolores, beloved daughter of Albert and
Mamie Echeverria, and granddaughter of Mr.
and Mrs. John Manaco and of the late Ellen
O'Neii. a native of San Francisco, aged 3
years 11 months and 9 days. -y . '..
Funeral private this day (Thursday), a.
10 o'clock, from the residence of her parents.
1315 Kearny street. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
ERRATT— In this city. March 15, 1899. May E..
dearly beloved wife of Fred A. Erratt. mother
Of Myrtle L-, May A. and the late Musette
A. Erratt, and dearly beloved daughter of
George E. and Elizabeth H. Brandt, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 33 years.
FEENEY— this city. March 13. 1833. Milton
Joseph, dearly beloved son of Rosetta and
Joseph Feeney, a native of San Francisco,
aged 11 years and 3 months.
CT'Frieni- and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, northeast corner of Twenty-
fourth and Florida streets. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
GRAHAM— In Rat Portage. Ontario. Canada.
Mrs. H. R. Graham (formerly Sallie S. Eck-
feldt). a native of San Francisco, aged 31
years. ■ •■" yy-"- "<■*'-?■
C_7"The funeral will take pUce this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her sister. Mrs. Emily P. Mhoon, 1043 Noe
street. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
HOFFMANN— In Melrose. Alameda County.
Maroh 14, 1833. Albert, son of Mr. and Mrs.
Frederick Hoffmann, and brother of Ida.
Clara. Emma. Annie. Charles and Fred Hoff-
, mann, a native of California, aged 11 years
and - months. ; V".*'
E_rFuneral private this day (Thursday),
at 11 o'clock. Interment at San Lorenzo.
JOHNSON— In this city. March 14. 1539. Peter,
dearly beloved husband of Boteila Johnson.
beloved father of Jennie and the late Justlna
Jchnson. brother-in-law of John Peterson, and
uncle of Albert, Nells and Llllle Peterson, a
native of Sweden, aged 54 years 1 month and
■ 14 days. A member of Bay View Lodge No.
133. A. O. U. W. . ■-.■■:
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 & clock, from Masonic Hall,
earner Fourteenth and Rail reed avenues
south, where services will be held under the
auspices of Bay View Lodge No. 133. A. O.
U. V.'. Remains at the parlors of the Gantner
6 Guntz Undertaking Company. * and 10 City
Hall square. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HALL of Bay View Lodge No. 153, A- O. V.
W — To the officers and members of Bay \ lew-
Lodge No. 153. A. O. U. W.. brothere: You
' are hereby notified to assemble at your lodge-
room corner Fourteenth and Railroad ave-
nues south, to-morrow (Friday), at 1 o'clock.
fcr the purpose of attending the funeral of
our late brother, Peter Johnson. By order of
the M. W. E. E. WESLEY. Recorder.
KELLY— In this city. March 14. 1839. Margaret
E-. beloved wife of L. E. Kelly, mother of
■William M.. Winifred A. and Lonsfert J.
Kelly, and Sister of Mrs. John Houghton and
Mrs. Jean Carol, a native of Ireland, aged 33
years. (New York and Baltimore papers
please copy.) '•'•"■ .-' '
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday) at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 715 Tehama street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul.
i commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
LY^S^lTtms^city. March 14. 1533. _______
-=— In this city, Maroh 14. 1599. Daniel,
beloved husband of the late Mamie Lyons,
, beloved son of Bridget A. and the late Pat-
rick Lyons, and brother of William. Patrick
and Harry Lyons and Mrs. J. Quinn. a na-
tive of Brooklyn. N. V.. aged 26 years and 9
months. (Brooklyn. N. V., papers please
copy) __.
!C_TFriend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence "of his mother. 218 Dore street, thence
to St. Joseph's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of hl3
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
McDERMOTT— In Oakland. Bernard, beloved
husband of Annie McDermott. and father of
Marie L.. Bernard Jr.. John F. and Charles
A. McDermott. a native of Sligo. Ireland,
aged 67 years 3 months and 9 days.
tYT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from bis late resi-
dence, 514 Eighteenth street, thence to St.
Francis de Sales Church. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery. . _ - ..-.
McFARLAND— In the City and County Hospi-
tal" Maroh 15, 1839, James McFarland. a na-
tive of Nova Scotia, Canada, aged 58 years.
MILAN— In this city. March 14. 1839, John F.
beloved husband of Sarah Milan, and father
,-« Joseph and the late Mary Milan, a native
of Newport. R- 1., aged 70 years. [New Tort
New Bedford and Boston papers please copy
* CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. tB» Padfc street, thence to St.
Bridget 7 - Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery. -_..,_
MURRAY— In this city, March la. 1833. Cather-
ine" beloved wife of the late Timothy Mur-
ray. mother of D. J.. Josle and Nellie Mur-
ray and the late J. Murray and Mrs. D. Bres-
l£f «d sister of William and the late Den-
nis Murray, a native of County Cork. Ireland.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
«_Hy invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
iF-^iav). at 9-30 o'clock, from her Ute resi-
dency « Sumner street, thence to St. Joseph
Church, where a requiem high mass wilt bo
celebrated for the repose of her soul at 19
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
OBRIEN-In this city. March 14. 1899. James
Tdearly beloved and only son of James C.
and Maggie O'Brien and beloved brother of
Marguerite and the late Charles D. and WD-
{Tam O'Brien, a native of San Francisco, aged
7 years 2 Sheaths and 21 days. ■■
__TThe funeral win take place this day
(Thursday), at 12 o'clock, from the residence
©' his parents. 1353 Fifteenth avenue south.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
ROBL-In Fltchburg. Alameda County. March
R ?;V Margaret beloved wife of Frank
W Pobt mother of John. James and Magge
1 Robl. and daughter of John J. Lynch cf San
Francisco, a native of San Francisco, aged
23 years 7 months and 13 days.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
SCOULER— In this city. March 15. 1539. Wy-
lard beloved son of Benjamin and Clara B.
Pcou'er. a native of San Rafael. Cal.. aged
2 years and 9 months.
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents. 188 Lexington avenue. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SIEM— In this city, March 14. 1399. Hans C.
dearly beloved son of John H. and Amalie
Slem. and brother of Charles G. Ernst.
Henry. Martin. Anna and Fred Siem. a. na-
tive of wig- Holsteln. Germany, aged .21
years 6 months and 23 days.
__?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 33*5 Eighteenth street^be-
tween Valencia and Guerrero. Interment _.
O. O. F. Cemetery. _,_,«•«
WICHROWSKI-In this city. March .4. iW.
Albert, beloved husband _£Anw£___»:
rowski. a native of Cracow. Poland. aged
I S3 years 11 months and 2" lays- . _
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Thuredayb at 3 o'clock from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co.. .57 }Lfsi° a street., in-
terment I. O^OF- Cemetery.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan A Oaliaghart.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND *_B_L___A
. » Fifth st.. epposlts iancsia School.
I Teiephcns Booth *»•
1112
BOOKMAKERS BOW
TO THE NEW LAW
Ingleside Loses Its Power to
Injure the People of
the City.
Police Make Another Raid on the Track.
Corrigan Is Denounced by the
Representatives of Clean
Sport.
The people of San Francisco are begin
ning to reap the first fruits of the great
victory over the gamblers of Ingleside.
Bookmaking at the racetrack was prac
tically killed yesterday. A few bets were
made surreptitiously but the evil of the
pernicious system, so far as the general
public is concerned, was destroyed. The
police, under the direction of Chief Lees,
has done most efficient service. The
ordinance has been rigidly enforced.
When the first race was announced there
were hardly more than two hundred peo
ple on the grounds. The bookmakers'
blocks were vacant and police were on
watch in the paddock, the betting ring
and the grand stand. The vicious sport
that has ruined thousands of homes was
dispirited and dreary. The hum of ex
cited voices, the eagerness of gambling,
the presence of respectable men and
women were lacking. The gamblers were
in the midst of the ruins of their evil
fortunes. The city, through the combined
efforts of its reputable element, had
achieved a triumph that no one questions
is of Inestimable value to the community.
During the afternoon five arrests were
made. They represent little more than
the spite of the gamblers who have ruined
the legitimate sport of racing and
brought the people of the city to the point
where self-protection demanded rebellion.
Even the bookmakers were not in a mood
to defy the law that the people of the
city, in righteous indignation, had enact
ed. There were consequently few arrests
and it is expected that there will be fewer
to-day. Arrests will follow the slightest
violation of the ordinance and vigorous
prosecution will succeed arrest. The au
thorities of the city have acted with the
same intense personal interest as did the
clergymen, the press and the merchants
of the city.
The gamblers are in gloomy disgust.
The legitimate sportsmen of the city are
Indignant. They attribute to Corrigan
and his blackleg parasites the destruction
of a legitimate sport. Wherever Corri
gan has gone, they say, he has carried
disaster in his train. Wherever his hand
has been laid upon a sport the work of
decent sportsmen has turned to ashes.
He destroyed legitimate racing in Chi
cago and made it an evil against which
all reputable people rebelled. He came
discredited to San Francisco and here
prostituted racing until all people inter
ested in the welfare of 'the city arose in
arms. It. is upon Corrigan's shoulders,
therefore, that the sportsmen of San
Francisco place the blame of prohibition.
Under the circumstances these men hes
itate to do anything. The enforcement of
the ordinance will continue. The Chief
of Police says he will do his duty and
that gambling on horseraces will not be
tolerated within the limits of the city. On
Saturday Chief Lees will have a force
of police at Ingleside Coursing Park as
well as at the racetrack. In the courts
the arrested gamblers will have to an
swer. The bonds of those arrested have
been increased and the impudent actions
of a Police Court clerk at the track will
neither he tolerated nor repeated.
The betting ring at Ingleside presented
a cheerless aspect all day yesterday. The
bookmakers' stands or betting blocks
were deserted and each one was guarded
by two. policemen. The glistening coun
ters of the gambling booths, over which
has passed many a dollar filched by some
tempted youth from his employers, were
untenanted. The alluring price-boards
lay face downward on the floor, and the
seductive voice of the "bookie" was si
lenced. It was a scene of desolation,
each block wearing the mournful aspect
of a deserted bird's nest.
When the first train arrived at the
track many of its load of disheartened
gamblers went directly to the secretary's
office, where they inquired if the book
makers intended to defy the law and ac
cept wagers on the day's races. Green
and Corrigan were both questioned in this
connection, but neither of them professed
to know what the bookmakers intended
to do.
The presence of Chief Lees, Captains
Wittman and Gill en, accompanied by a
squad of fifty patrolmen, soon set all
doubts at rest. Not one of the sixteen
bookmakers who have thrived for years
at their nefarious and vicious game at
tempted to gamble before the first two
races were over
Then Hughie Jones, a bookmaker, who
was arrested on Tuesday, attempted to
play a joke on the police.
Just before the beginning of the fourth
race Jones and two touts, H. Hlnton and
Frank Brook, got up Into the farthest
betting block near the field books and
announced that they were ready to do
business.
J. Oppenheimer, another tout, then pro
ceeded to go through the form of making
a bet. He passed Jones the money and
the latter ordered Hinton and Brooks to
write the ticket. Following out their in
structions they made out a ticket on a
horse that was entered in the race but
which was subsequently scratched.
The moment Jones handed Oppenheimer
the ticket the police arrested tbe men.
All laughed heartily, thinking it was a
good joke on the police, but when they
were hustled into a patrol wagon they
saw the joke in another light. At the
City Prison the dejected quartet were re
leased on $500 bonds put up by the asso
ciation.
The only other arrest made was that of
Al Leech, an old man, who Stepped into
one of the blocks just before the fifth
race and announced that he was ready to
sell auction pools on the race.
"This is not a percentage game, mind
you," he said to his listeners. "I am
simply going to sell auction pools. How
much am I bid?"
The policemen who had gathered around
were mystified for a moment by the new
dodge.
"How much am I bid?" shouted the old
man lustily, a gleam of defiance in his
eyes.
"Fifty dollars," shouted back one of the
gamblers in the background.
Then Captain Wittman sprang into the
block and placed Leech under arrest.
The police captain placed Leech in
charge of an officer, saying, "Charge this
man with violating section 664 of the
Penal Code."
"That section of the code provides for
the arrest of persons who even make an
attempt to commit an overt act against
the laws, and I guess that covers this
case," said the captain as Leech was hur
ried to the patrol wagon.
Throughout the afternoon Chief Lees
moved from place to place in the betting
ring watchful lest the gamblers would
resort to underhand artifices to defeat the
new ordinance.
A few bookmakers and other track ope
rators more daring than the rest, estab
lished'a system of betting which the po
\.r. nowerless to prevent. The eya
tern became known as the day wore on as
"hand booking."
The betting, however, was for the most
part confined to a narrow circle of gam
blers and was not conducted on an ex
tensive scale. Several of the "hand
bookies" assembled before each race and
agreed on the prices offered on the dif
ferent horses. Then they allowed those
whom they knew intimately to bet.
A person who was desirous of placing
a bet on a horse would walk up to one
of- the hand bookies, ask the price of
fered on the animal's chances and then
when the police were not looking would
hand the bookie the money. After each
race the "hand bookie" kept moving from
one part of the betting ring to the other,
shaking hands with his lucky customer*.
at the same time handing them the
amount of money they won on the race.
The police, knew that this sort of gam
bling was being carried on, but it was
practically an impossibility to catch the
gamblers at their new artifice to violate
the law. If they were detected passing
money to anybody they would simply say
that they were lending the money or pay
ing a debt. Chief Lees declared that if
the gamblers attempt to violate the law
in this" manner to-day he would arrest
every person suspected of the practice
on a charge of vagrancy.
The only subject of conversation in the
City Hall yesterday was the practices of
Police Court clerks in accepting bonds in
discriminately and the issuance of orders
of release outside the court hours. Un
der the law clerks of the Police Court are
authorized to accept bonds In any sum
up to and including $1000. While this law
is often the means of relieving many per
sons of the disgrace of imprisonment on
petty charges, the wide latitude of the
consolidation act permitted many abuses
of the system. The Police Department
complains bitterly of this practice. They
assert that their endeavors to enforce the
vagrancy act are almost completely
vitiated by the Police Court clerks, who
Issue releases for prisoners, whose friends
have a political pull, before they are
booked at the City Prison.
Jack Rice, clerk of Judge Conlan's court,
feels aggrieved because the newspapers
published the fact that he went to Ingle
side track to accept bonds and release
gamblers as fast as they were arrested
by the police. Rice declares his action
was perfectly legal and not unusual
enough to subject him to any criticism.
He says he went to the race track to
oblige his friend, Henry Ach, who inform
ed him that a raid was to be made. Mr.
Ach furnished all the bonds and orders for
releases and he signed them when re
quested to do so. Rice further asserts
that under the law he is obliged to accept
bonds when the sureties swear they are
worth the amount of the undertaking, and
that his refusal to accept bonds under,
those circumstances would render his
bondsmen liable to a suit for damages.
There is no law, written or other
wise, which compels a court official
to discharge his duties at a race
track or in the back room of a saloon.
The articles in yesterday's papers had
one 'salutary effect on the Police Court
clerks. None of them wished to run afoul
of their masters, the Board of Super
visors, and the Ingleside attorneys .were
informed that they would be obliged to
come to the City Hall to secure the lib
eration of any more gamblers who might
be arrested. For the flrst time in many
months the warrant clerks were In their
offices after 12 o'clock. They received in
formation from members of the Board of
Supervisors that Rice's assistance to the
gamblers was liable to get him Into trou
ble and perhaps cause his discharge. Po
litical positions with large salaries and
little work are hard to get, and the Po
lice Court clerks may now be depended
upon to respect the orders passed by the
Board. V-.- ? ,
Judge Mogan, at the request of Chief
Lees, made an order fixing the bonds for
the five men arrested yesterday at 5500
each. The Chief took further precautions
to block a repetition of Tuesday's farce
by ordering the desk sergeants not to
liberate any man brought in from the
i track without an order from himself.
The lawyer employed by the jockey
club expected a big raid yesterday after
noon, and the associate counsel remained
at the City Hall with bondsmen and kept
in touch with the Police Court clerks. A
large bundle of bonds was prepared, and
It was arranged that as soon as an ar
rest was made at the track the name of
the prisoner was to be telephoned to the
City Hall and a release would be imme
diately obtained. So yesterday afternoon
the people's employes were waiting
around the cheerless corridors of the City
Hall to assist the gamblers in their en
deavors to violate the law and keep out
of jail.
Henry Ach, attorney for the Ingleside
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALI., THURSDAY, MARCH 16, 1899.
gamblers, was too busy yesterday to tell
what line he would pursue to combat the
order prohibiting pool selling in the city.
He said no plan would be formulated un
til the complaints were made out and
presented in court. He denied any inten
tion to ask for an injunction restraining
the police from making further arrests.
GAMBLERS MUST
STAND TRIAL
An Ineffectual Plea for
Dismissal.
Police Judge Mogan refused yesterday
to discharge the twenty men arrested at
Ingleside Tuesday afternoon for violating
the anti-pool law. Henry Ach, attorney
for the bookmakers, demanded an imme
diate dismissal of the cases on the ground
that no formal complaints charging any
offense had been filed against his clients.
Judge Mogan censured the Police Depart
ment for neglecting to have the arrest
ing officers swear to complaints, and
finally, in order that a test case might
be started, he ordered the hearing con
tinued until 10 a. m. this morning.
All the defendants and a large crowd of
Interested spectators were present when
Department 1 of the Police Court was
called to order. Only two or three police
officers who were in the raid at the track
were present. Captain Gillen and Ser
geant Martin were there to represent the
department. The proceedings were
opened by Attorney Ach, who addressed
the court as soon as the spectators were
quieted. He first informed his Honor that
he represented the twenty men arrested
at the race track and then demanded the
discharge of all of them and also the
exoneration of the bondsmen. He argued
that, as there were no complaints, the
defendants could not be held an instant.
Judge Mogan interrupted Ach and post
poned action on the cases for one hour.
His Honor asked why the police had not
attended to this essential point. Prose
cuting Attorney Joachimsen answered for
Chief Lees and his subordinates, saying
they had not had time to draw, up the
necessary papers and swear to them. Ach
declared the negligence of the prosecution
was no concern of his, and renewed his
demand for dismissal. An hour later all
parties interested were again in the court
room and Attorney Ach asked for a rul
ing on his motion. Judge Mogan said he
would first listen to the Prosecuting At
torney. Joachimsen said it had always
been the custom in the Police Courts to
allow the officers reasonable time to pre
pare complaints where persons were ar
rested on misdemeanor charges without
a warrant. As this case is of great pub
public importance he asked for a contin
ance of one day. Mr. Ach again demand
ed the release of his clients and addressed
KILLING INGLESIDE'S EVIL BY AUTHORITY OF LAW.
the court at length on the law.
As a matter of fact and law the de
fendants are riot legally held, because of
the delay on the part of the police, and
the defense took an exception to the
court's denial of the motion to dismiss.
The Judge hesitated slightly before
holding the defendants, and ruled against
dismissal simply to save a lot of trouble
for every one concerned.
During the afternoon Prosecuting At
torney Joachimsen drew up separate com
plaints against the twenty prisoners and
these were signed and sworn to by the
arresting officers. They will be presented
in court at 10 o'clock this morning. The
bonds accepted at the race track by Clerk
Rice of Judge Conlan's court were, satis
factory to Judge Mogan, and the gam
blers were free to return to Ingleside fo*
the day's races. The sureties were John
Malowansky, a director of the Pacific
Coast Jockey Club, and A. Ottinger. Bond
Expert Chris Newman examined the
bonds yesterday morning and reported to
Chief Lees and Judge Mogan that the
sureties were good.
The prosecution will take up the cases
of Levy and Wall this morning, as the
police have the strongest case against
these defendants.
Judge E. H. Mogan of Department 1 of
the Police Court, to whom the book
makers' cases have been assigned, will
take up the trial of these men the first
thing this morning. Regarding the issue
Judge Mogan says:
"I desire to proceed Immediately with
this matter and bring it to a speedy term
ination. Whether or not the issue will
come before me on its merits depends
wholly q|>on the lawyers. I have no
prejudice in the matter and will, at the
proper time, interpret the order of the
Board of Supervisors to the best of my
ability.
"I continued the test case a day in or.
der to give both sides a fair chance to
prepare their cases. The complaints
should have been filed before the calendar
was called at the opening of court this
morning, but that of course I cannot
help.
"If either side demands a jury trial,
which is quite probable, the case cannot
I go to trial before next week, as all the
time this week will be occupied with
cases now set."
MEET DEFEAT
AT SACRAMENTO
Mose Gunst and His Allies
Repulsed.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 15.— California" Legis
lature will not legalize the gambling game
at Ingleside that has been prohibited by
the Board of Supervisors of San Fran
cisco. This much was determined to
day after President Androus and ! Vice
President Henry J. Crocker of the Ingle
side track, together with Mose Gunst and
others, had exerted every influence at
their command in a fruitless endeavor to
induce legislators to assist them in
thwarting the will of the people of the
metropolis.
The race track gamblers directed their
attention principally to the Senate, hop.
ing no doubt that the smaller member
ship of- the upper house of the Legisla
ture would provide them a more favora
ble opportunity for the use of the cor
rupt means by which they hope to secure
favorable consideration for the measur*
by which they hope to rob the citizens of
San Francisco of their rights. If this
was their object, it met with signal fail
ure, for with few "exceptions the Sena
tors turned a deaf ear to the plaint of
the racing men, and the day ended with
no better prospect in view for the Ingle
side jobbers than total defeat of their
scheme for relief by means of State leg
islation. To-morrow the racing contin
gent already on the ground is to be re
inforced by Ed Corrigan and others of
the Ingleside combine and a final effort
will be made to induce legislators to cast
their votes for some law that will have
the effect of setting aside the action taken
by the Board of Supervisors of San Fran
cisco on Monday.
Even the poolsellers— the men who de
feated Dan Burns, Corrigan and the com
bined race track following last week in
the matter of restricting poolselling and
bookmaking at race tracks, thereby giv
ing the Ingleside and . Emeryville tracks
!an exlusive privilege of the gambling
game refused to "stand In" with the
Ingleside outfit to-day. They declared
that they do not care whether or not the
Ingleside track is closed, as it will not
affect their business, and they refuse to
take a hand in any legislation in opposi
tion to the desire of the people of San
Francisco. They go farther than this and
declare that they are more than pleased
that the track at Ingleside has been closed
by the Board of t Supervisors of the
metropolis for the reason that the act
administers a well merited rebuke to Cor
rigan, Ullman and others, who, they say,
have had more to do with bringing dis
credit on the sport of horse racing than
all other influences put together. The
bookmakers and poolsellers, therefore,
approve of the sentiment that has prompt
ed the people of San Francisco to demand
that bookmaking at Ingleside shall stop,
their approval being based on the asser
tion that Corrigan and his associates
were in a fair way to kill the racing game
by their methods.
The "practical politicians" who are
present in Sacramento in force, and who
are always counted on to lend assistance
to shady measures of the kind proposed
by the Ingleside race track gamblers, held
aloof from the proposition to pass a law
that would do away with the good work
done in San Francisco on Monday. The
story of the $20,000 that is to be used to
bring about the desired legislation had
had its effect with the members of the
third house of the Legislature, but in
face of the fact which is apparent to
every one that the Senate will have none
of the proposition, no one could be found
who would agree to be identified with It
even in the lobby.
During the morning session of the Sen
ate many of the members wereapproached
on the subject of racetrack legislation of
the kind intended to defeat the will of
the people of San Francisco, and were
asked for advice as to the best form of
presenting the proposed law. The
schemers suggested that it might be at
tached to the general appropriation bill
as an amendment to the district fair
clause, or, failing in that. ! it might be
brought before the Legislature as a sub
stitute for some, bill that has been rele
gated to the end of the file, there to die.
Such a bill, it was suggested, could be
brought forward and put on the urgency
file, and by judicious amendment and
substitutions could be put in shape to be
rushed through both houses of the Legis
lature before the end of the session.
These suggestions met with cold disfavor
on the part of the Senators.
To add to the woes of the Ingleside
gamblers they, were flatly told that they
need, expect no help from the managers
or friends of the racetrack at Emeryville,
in Alameda County. This was a severe
blow, because there are several members
of the Legislature who are favorable to
the interests of the Emeryville track and
who were naturally expected to lend a
helping hand to the scheme proposed by
the Ingleside crowd. Late fn the after
noon the Ingleside forces were withdrawn
from the Capitol. to await the arrival to
night of Corrigan and his reserve forces
from the metropolis. To-night a consul
tation is being held to decide as to what
step can be taken to-morrow to retrieve
the disastrous defeat of to-day.
The presence of Police Commissioner
Gunst in Sacramento at this particular
time, and the fact that he is identifying
himself with legislation favorable to the
gambling Interests of a certain class of
people in San Francisco, is attracting
much unfavorable comment from legis
lators from interior . districts. They de
clare it does not speak- well for the
morals of a city, when one of its chief
peace officers concerns himself in assist
ing the passage of laws that are recog
nized as being designed to nrotect a class
of people whose business Is antagonistic
to the best interests of the community in
which they live.
A SCHEME TO
INVADE MARIN
Gamblers Discuss Another
Project.
SAUSALITO, -March 15.— For two ■ days
the gamblers and politicians of ! this town
have been running back and forth be
tween the various saloons, varying the
monotony of their action by an occa
sional visit to San Francisco. Confer
ences have been held behind closed doors
in the rear of Tom Frost's and "Billy"
MacMUlan's saloon. To-day the secret
came out. The gamblers are trying to
have the Ingleside track moved to Marin
County. y
Early in the day the rumor of this de
sire on the part of the gambling frater
nity had reached San Rafael and was al
most the sole topic of discussion. Noth
ing definite can be learned, for those
who are in a position to know maintain
the utmost reticence.
There Is only one suitable location for a
track in the county, and that is in the
neighborhood' of San Clemente. Two
years ago a man named McCue built a
half-mile track, but it soon closed down.
Later Dan Burns came near buying the
Lucas property as a breeding farm, the
track being included In the land bar
gained for, but for some unknown rea
son the deal fell through. It is stated
that by filling a part of the marsh this
half-mile track could easily be length
ened to a mile course.
"Well," said "Billy" MacMHlan, giving
the wink that has made him so widely
known, when questioned to-day, "I don't
care to N say anything about the matter
further than to say that there is some
ground for the rumor. This I will defi
nitely assert: No active measures will be
taken toward securing the track for Ma
rin County unless the Ingleside men fail
to obtain relief in the courts. If they
don't, you may expect to hear something
later on."
"WHITE HAT" M'CARTY
STARVES DUMB BEASTS
THE HORSEMAN WILL BE AR
RESTED TO-DAY.
Fourteen Horses That Had Been Re
duced to Shadows Taken
to the Found.
"White Hat" McCarty's propensity for
starving dumb animals and leaving them
unsheltered to the mercies of the weather
have got him into trouble again.
Yesterday fourteen of his horses,
starved to the bone, were taken to the
public pound shortly after they had fin
ished their dinner on fence posts, boards,
etc., in a corral at Seventh avenue and
B street. The officers of the Society for
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, at
whose instance the poor brutes were re
lieved from their pitiful condition, are
determined that McCarty shall suffer for
his treatment and announce that he will
swear out a warrant for his arrest this
morning.
For some time past patrons of the
Geary and Sacramento street car lines
have noticed the starving horses grovel
ing in the sand hill and have commented
upon their poor appearance. None of
these people seemed willing, however,
to make a complaint,- and it remained
for Officer J. J. Bagley, whose beat ex
tends in the vicinity, to notify the Cen
tral police station yesterday. Officer W.
T. Hooper of the Society for Prevention
of Cruelty to Animals visited the prem
ises during the afternoon. "When he ar
rived he found the beasts gnawing on
fence boards, most of which they had al
most reduced to slats. The boards had
been broken down in some places where
the horses had made efforts to reach
little patches of grass that grew along
the sidewalk. The entire side of a barn
had been gnawed so badly as to be notice
able for blocks. Un the premises was not
a handful of feed.
The stables and corral are the property
of Warren & Malley, who employ E.
Freyer as hostler. Freyer says the horses
were sent there about six months ago
and have occupied the stalls until three
weeks ago, when they were turned into
1 the corral at the request of their owner.
Since that time they have remained in
the open every night without even a shed
for shelter.
Simultaneously with the arrival of the
Sound men a boy drove up with a single
ale of hay, which he said had been sent
from McCarty's stables on Tehama street.
It was intended to feed the fourteen an
imals and weighed about 150 pounds. The
boy stated that a bale had been sent out
daily, but he could only account for those
which he brought out at various times.
Freyer sustains him in this statement,
but the condition of the animals would
indicae that one bale arrived weekly.
McCarty's name has been on the rec
ords of the society before. Complaints
have been made against him frequently
since he possessed animals, and on sev
eral occasions the officers were obliged
to force him to take better care of his
stock. The horses which were taken yes
terday were all blooded horses and were
kept for sale. Freyer, the man in charge,
says that he had no instructions to care
for the horses and took no pains to do
so. It will cost McCarty $4 per head to
secure the release of the animals, besides
whatever expense may be incurred after
his arrest.
TOM WILLIAMS IS WINNER.
Successful in His Civil Action
Against M. Marx.
The Supreme Court has given a deci
sion In favor of Thomas 11. Williams, the
horseman, in his case against M. Marx.
About a year ago Williams sold to Marx
a piece of real estate on Grand Island in
the Sacramento River. He received a de
posit of $1000, a -written agreement being
signed by the two parties that If in
case the title to the property was good
the balance should be paid, but if the
title should be defective the money was
to be returned to Marx. The latter re
fused to pay the remainder and demanded
the return of the deposit on the ground
that the title was not perfect.
His contention was that Williams re
ceived the land upon an order of distri
bution of court in the case of the estate
of the late Thomas H. Williams Sr.,
father of the party in this suit, and was
unable to give a perfect title to land thus
received. Williams brought the action to
compel Marx to live up to his part of
the written agreement, and he won his
suit in the lower court. The higher court
agrees with the lower court, holding that
the title of Williams is good and that he
can give a good title to a purchaser.
Matinee Girls.
The Zinkand is a popular place for the mati
nee girls Saturday afternoons. •_.
THEY WANT BIG MONEY.
Green and Smith Ready to Sign With
the Club Offering the
Largest Purse.
George Green and "Billy" Smith had a
meeting yesterday and split the differ
ence so far as the weighing-in hour is
concerned.
Green said that he could not make 154
pounds at noon of the day of the pro
posed flght. Smith asked him if he. would
consent to weigh in at 3 p. m., and Green,
after some hesitation, agreed to do so,
and the matter of a fight was therefore
clinched without reference to the club
under whose auspices they would battle.
Green wanted the National and Smith
had a preference for the Excelsior.
The pugilists finally agreed to fight
In the club that offers "the best induce
ments," and thus the matter stands. The
clubs, however, have wisely decided not
to compete over any fistic card, as there
are too many good attractions* on the
road at the present time looking for en
gagements. ■
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKT is
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because It is pure.
Assessor Dodge's Appropriation.
Assessor Washington Dodge made ap
plication to the Finance Committee of
the Supervisors yesterday for an appro
priation of $14,500 for the month of April.
The money is to be expended for extra
deputies.
Ladles' tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothschild, 211 Sutter, rooms J-7.
Another School Suit.
Mary Maud Morrissey filed an applica
tion yesterday in the Superior Court for a
writ of mandate to compel the Board of
Education to reinstate her In the school
department as a teacher.
Gen. Shatter's lecture. Auditorium. to-nlglU.*
ADVERTISEMENTS^^
write it in letters of
gold rain.
: __-_-_-_^_— —
* _M—
to-day we feel like celebrating: the rain—
glorious rain— has come, and the farmers of our Mate
from Siskiyou to San Diego (from Dan to Beersheba)
are skipping with glee, and we can (so far as mortal
can) hope that eighteen hundred and ninety-nine will
see California the Golden from north to south a land
flowing with milk and honey: and good friends
San Francisco draws its main support (its bread and
butter) from those who till the soil, garner the grain,
pick the grape, delve and dig for ore: we shall with
proper care get a hundredfold better returns from
those "who go down to the sea in ships" if we fight
for the trade of the Philippines: rain means untold
good to you and me :
PAIN! write it in letters of gold and you can-
tV^ll^l • not honor the occasion too much — many
an aching heart is comforted; all, thankful.
the next occasion for thanksgiving is the success of
our millinery: the most important feature in our
store to-day : we invite your inspection.
Js=t -^fff* * ** * Gopj*f2"^
937 to Q-4-7 Market Stre>e>t.
"San Francisco's greatest mail-order house."
3-Day Specials
"When calling at our store please
have a look at the celebrated
Ideal Coffee Pot, which is made
on scientific principles and hand-
somely nickel-plated.
Ideal Mocha and Java, lb - 30c
This extremely delicious
coffee is regularly sold at 40c.
Maple Syrup, qt. tin - - - 40c
Scudder' s Canada Sap,
•warranted pure.
Regular price SOc. . *
Brandy Cocktail, pt. bot. - 50c
Blended and bottled in bond for
the finest old liquors.
Unsurpassed as an appetizer.
Regular price 16c.
Salmon, tin ------ lOc
Choice Alaska Red Salmon. • '
Regular price ise.
Blueberries,, tin - - - - - Isc
A choice Eastern
Table Fruit. Regular price 20c.
Creamery Butter, square - 40c
Telephone and Mail Orderg Given Prompt Attention.
21 STOCKTON ST., j 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
Near Market. Corner Lombard.
Telephone Main 5522. ! Telephone West 153.
AUCTION.
Tfi.r. A V THURSDAY, March 16.
* V 7-**~, * 9 at 2:30 p. m.
*
Z DHPQ
Antique || |l|\
High-Grade IIUUVII
TURKISH— PERSIAN— IRAN.
AT 123 GEARY STREET.
This grand consignment comprises over 1000
finest Rugs ever offered in the United States,
and are selling, ■without reserve, at prices that
they cannot be bought for in Turkey.
A. W. LOUDERBACK. Auctioneer.
"PEGAMOID"
TRADE MARK.
ALUMINUM PAINT
LOOKS LIKE FROSTED SILVER.
A EUROPEAN SUCCESS.
For the Past 7 Years
FOR ALL USES AND USERS
ON WOOD. GLASS. METAL, STONE, BRICK
and FABRIC SURFACES; makes a perfect
amalgamation; covers 2 to 1 over any rther
paint, stands 500 DEGREES OF HEAT with-
out scaling.
BEAUTIFUL, ARTISTIC. DURABLE,
WASHABLE. Prevents BARNACLES and
FOULING in SALT WATER. CORROSION
and RUST from exposure. Send 25c for SAM-
PLE bottle and pamphlet. "WHAT IS PEGA-
MOID
WESTERN AGENCIES CO.,
il and 82. Chronicle Building. 3. F.
Painless Dentistry.
MB^ j________^4f^^^f___t^^
$ffiSS& Fillings - - 50 ets
wffi%SßF Crowns - = $3.50
f_Mraft Plates, I - $5 00
Wk. |W ALL WORK
™^ W WARRANTED.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS,
24 Sixth St., Cor. Stevenson.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
•treugtb to t«xu<U organ*. Depot. 823 Market.
BUY NOW— PAY LATER.
i < 5 __£^^-^/Iq\ y%_<^-- I
I" SPECIAL THIS WEEK— I
HANGING RACK, WITH BEVELED (Ti C_\ \
MIRROR, EXTRA TINIBH- ?K /.
THIS WEEK "... H**" \
;. A fulfilled . promise means a
satisfied customer. Satisfied cus-
tomers are responsible for the
rapid growth of our store. 'i
THE J.~NOONAN
Furniture Company (Inc.), • j*
1017-1023 MISSION STREET I
. flbove Sixth;.
Phone. South 14. Open Evenings.
— — —— — _
i —
NEVER SAW ANYTHING
LIKE IT,
your wife will tell you when she sees
the artistic and beautiful flnish and
color on the shirts, collars or cuffs sent
home from this laundry. The linen
done up here is unapproachable in its
immaculate color and beautiful work-
manship, and the care bestowed on It
keeps it in the best condition. .
No saw-edges.
The United States Laundry, offics
1004 Market street Telephone
South 420
Opera Glasses
With and Without Handles,
From $4.00 UDward.
Lorgnettes
From $2.50 upward.
Including Lenses to Suit the Sight. "j
JSn/Uf/i&tfitfMf}
OPTICIANS APPARAT W.
cac. __ FH U TO r SCIENTIFIC '
642 Market St.. instruments
««__r CKonic-t Button**
Oorot-OOOOOOOPOOOOQ
%v.9 PALACE wj
Icr and hotels «
p BAH FRAaCIBCO. Jf
_ Connected by a covered passageway. **
P WOO Rooms— 9oO With Bath Attached. J
V All Under One Management. Cl
0 -JIOTS TSB ' R IO3S: Q
m. Boropoaa. Plan. Bl.oo per day mm upward ._-
W Aj-M!i.-«.nPian.sS.oO per day and upward V
0 Correspondence Solicited, ' m
0 JOmV 0. KIASPA7SIOS, J_»__g«. ji
CLOttQ ooooooaooooo o 3
l» Call $1.00 Year