VOLUME LXXXV-KO. 140.
VOLUNTEERS
TO RETURN
IMMEDIATELY
Secretary Alger Is the Au
thority for This State
ment.
WASHINGTON. April 1 8.— Secretary Alger said this ev
ening that some of the volunteer troops in the Philip
pines will sail at once for San Francisco on the trans
ports now at Manila. Just what organizations will be sent
home at this time the Secretary does not know, but expects to
be informed by General Otis within a day or two.
The department is ignorant as to whether any of the vol
unteer regiments will re-enlist for the six months' service an
thorized by the army reorganization act, but knows some of the
organizations will be sent to the United States immediately by
General < has been granted the widest discretion in deal
ing with the matter.
:retary Alger is also authority for the statement that all
c volunteer regiments now in the Philippines would be
i, or on the way home, by July i. Whether any more
.t to the Philippines to take the place of the
volunteers withdrawn has not been determined. Suggestions
i I General Otis on that point are expected daily.
There are now at Manila six army transports, the Centen-
Portland, Roanoke, Sheridan, Tacoma and Valencia. Four
Is will arrive there shortly from San Francisco. They are
the Nelson, which sailed on March 30; the Cleveland, on March
20; the City of Puebla, March 24, and the Zealandia. March _>8.
Jll addition to these three transports are in the Philippines, the
Indiana at Xegros, the Pennsylvania at Ceini and the St. Paul
at Iloilo.
TOM REED
WILL QUIT
PUBLIC LIFE
To Enter Upon the Practice
of Law at New
York.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Headquarters, Wellington Hotel,
Washington, April 18.
The report that Mr. Ret d intends to
resign fro] • December
and to go into the law business in New-
York is generally credited here,
sails for Europe v.ith his family on
A .V» Inesday and the fa>'t that he has
r publicly
indi< eserve the an
nouncement of his intention until after
! urn.
re is nothing that his friends can
the condition of affairs prom
for the n< ■ ars to induce him
remain in i 'un^r"KS. He has
the honor for several terms
is practically nothing but
salary left In it. This is too
small for consideration. He knows too
much about the situation to expect to
my advancement toward the
y through another term in
the Speaker's chair, especially when he
Is threatened with the loss of power
and inf!u--i. » In position If }]<■ should
retain It through the i:ext Congress.
• has been made of th
that a very tempting offer has been
held open to him in New York for some
time.
It is likely that his delay in announc
ing his intention is in the Interest of
■ s^ntative Sherman and for the
'iner a protracted
cership contest, running through
the entire Bummer, and disturbing the
party at a time when other things de
mand the attention of administration
and party leaders.
It will be remembered that Mr. Sher
man would not agree to remain in Con
gress for the pulp ise of opposing Reed
for the Bpeakership, and it was an
nounced that he would certainly retire
cept the Genera] Appraisership,
to which he had been appointed. It
not until after he had .met Mr.
dinner with some of tru' lead
ers in New York that he reconsidered
minatlon to leave Congress
and formally declined the appraiser
. ointment. It was Intimated
that time that this action was
th<- result of something paid by Mr.
: that Mr. Sherman had hopes
of becoming Speaker of the House
without op] . cd.
It is anticipated that there will be
a lively contest for the Rpeakership
whenever Mr. liecd publicly announces
his Intention to retire from Congress,
but the man who has advance infor
mation will have a. considerable ad
vantage In the contest. With the field
open there will probably be half a
dozen or more candidates. Sherman
of New York, Hopkins of Illinois, Hep.
burn of lowa, Grosvenor Of Ohio and
_• •■;! of Pennsylvania will be candi
dates, and it may be that Henderson of
lowa, Cannon of Illinois and Payne of
New York will make a contest for the
delegations from their respective States
against Hepburn, Hopkins and Sher
man. -*'-■■;
Three Earthquake Shocks.
CRESCENT CnT. April 18.—Three dls
hockfl "f earthquake were felt last
night and early this morning. The last
at 4:40 o'clock. None were as
•evere as that of Sunday lust.
The San Francisco Call.
MURDERER
SHOT DOWN
BY A MOB
The Last Act of the Patter
son Tragedy Has Been
Carried Out.
' : to The fall.
CLINTON. Ark., April is. —Yesterday
morning between 12 and 2 o'clock was
enacted the final scene jn the terrible
Patterson tragedy, which took place on
December 13, 1897, in which Hugh Pat
■i lost his life and several other
members of his family were seriously
wounded.
A mob of citizens took the law into
their own hands and shot Will Harden,
one of the Patterson murderers, to
death in the cage at the County Jail.
Lee Mills, a proi Inent young man
and once a Deputy Sheriff "of Van
n County, and Will Harden were
sted, charged with the Patterson
murder. Several attempts to lynch
them were frustrated and an attempt
'■ii tii" part of their friends to liberate
them from jail resulted in a guard be
ing killed. . Mills was convicted on
Hardens testimony and he paid the
death penalty several months ago,
Harden "was convicted ai the Septem
ber t« rm of court and the case wai ap
-5 to the Supreme Court, which
granted a new trial. At the March
term he was again convicted and sen
■l to hang May 9. No appeal was
taken, but a commutation was asked of
the Governor and granted.
When the people learned that execu
tive clemency had been granted there
was much excitement. About fifty
well-armed masked men went to the
Jailer and commanded him to go and
unlock the jail, which he did under
cover. of a shotgun. The jailer and
night guard were marched Inside the
jail, when one of the mob, who had
acted as spokesman, emptied the con
tents of a double-barreled shotgun into
Hardens head, blowing it almost en
tlrely away. The mob then fastened
the jailer and guard in the jai! and loft
as silently as they came. N,, demon
stration of any sort was made am] if
was some time before the town knew
what had occurred. •
The Coroner's jury returned a ver
dict that Harden came to his death by
gunshot wounds at the hands of parties
unknown. -
GOMPERS ON THE NEED
OF A DEFENSE FUND
Says It Is the Greatest Safeguard of
the Trade Unions of
To-Day.
"WASHINGTON*. April IS.— Samuel Oom
pers, president of 'the American Federa
tion of Labor, was the principal witness
before the Industrial commission to-day.
Mr. Gompers' statement touched chf< fly
mi the trade union "defense fund," meth
ods of organization, the general theory of
strikes, the Incorporation of trades unions
and the use of the boycott.
He safd the defense fund was the great
tfeguard • • k's union. The
Federation of Labor was now accumulat
ing one. He had always found that the
higher the dues and the larger the de
fense fund of any trades union the better
and stronger was its organization and the
less liable was It to be forced Into an aoi
ual strike. Briefly, he said that an em
ployer would engage In a fight with 10U,
--000 men a good deal quicker than he would
fight *10G,WO.
The question of laws to provide for the
incorporation of the trades unions did not
meet with Mr. Gompern' approval.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 19, 1899.
GERMANY IS
ANXIOUS TO
KEEP PEACE
Consul Rose Will Be Ordered
to Help His Fellow
Consuls.
HOW TROUBLE BEGAN
A Friend of Mataafa Says That
Chief Was Willing to Re
main Inactive.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
♦ +++++++++ ++♦+ ♦ + +
♦ - ♦
♦ LONDON, April 19.— The Ber- *
+ lin correspondent of the Stand- +
♦ ard says: The proposal to par- -♦■
•♦- tition the Samoan Islands, said +
■♦- to have been revived in the +
•f United States, will be accepted ♦
♦• by Germany only if no other so- -f
♦ lution is possible. ♦
♦ . ♦
♦ ♦♦♦♦' ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ ■♦-♦*♦•
BERLIN, April 18.— The corre
spondent here of the Associated
Press hears on authority that the
German Consul at Apia, Samoa, Herr
Rose, will receive cabled instructions,
to be conveyed to him by steamer
from the nearest cable station, to join
in a tripartite proclamation calling
upon all the inhabitants of Samoa to
immediately desist from all hostili
ties and agitation pending the arri
val at Apia of the Joint Commission
of the powers appointed to settle the
affairs in dispute in the islands.
CHICAGO. April 18.— A private letter
red here to-day from H. J. Moore,
an" American merchant in Samoa, who
for years has been Mataafa's
< and adviser, related some In
teresting details of the troubles in the
islands. The letter, written March ..\
says:
When I received, in advance of its post
ing, a copy of the proclamation decided
upon by the British and American Bides
and issued by Admiral Kautz. I thought
it a very, moderate document and one
that might •well be observed. I sent •word
twice to the natives on Mulimni that I
thought they should obey It. and I think
they so intended, as Mullnuu was soon
deserted and the prisoners liberated, while
the royalists went to TJtila for those
who were up there. I promised Captain
White of the Philadelphia that I would
do all I could to facilitate a quick and
satisfactory arrangement, and sent word
to Mataafa and the chiefs that no sailors
would be landed and no guns given to
the prisoners: that they ought to go to
their homes and observe peace while the
powers deliberated.
I am sure Mataafa's followers would
have done just as Admiral Kautz wanted
and as I was advising, when British Con
sul Maxse commenced, arming the re
turned prisoners and they began to boast
of what they were going to do with the
assistance of the warships. This news ar
rived when Mataafa was speaking in the
very midst of a meeting in which he was
dismissing the people. At once a great
number arose, crying: "The weak cannot
govern the strong; our slaves shall not
rule us. We shall fight," and the meeting
was broken up.
It is a singular fact that these wild sav
ages. a« they are frequently represented
to be, have not up to new destroyed a
s!:ik!'- white man's house, though all over
the islands they are in full possession <>t
tin'in everywhere, the back nan of Apia
being at thHr mercy now. While the nine
of the Pomoise can now be heard blast
ing habitations the homes of Gurr and
Carruthers. who have caused all the
trouble, remain unmolested by Mataafa's
followers.
To subjugate this country will require
not less than 10.000 troops, with accessor
ies, and then a great loss from exposure
and casualties must be counted on. The
0 imoans are not cowards; uiey are fight
ing in a just cause and God knows I hope
this will soon be recognized and appre
ciated. ____________
BALDWIN RENEWS TWO
HEAVY OBLIGATIONS
Los Angeles County Ranches Again
Mortgaged to a San Francisco
Sank.
LOS ANGELES, April 18. — "Lucky"
Baldwin, tho famous landowner and rac
ing man, has been compelled to renew his
mortgage on a part of his magnificent
estate in Los Angeles County known as
the Rancho la Puente and Rancho Clenega
del Paao de la TlJera. to secure, a loan of
$400,000 advanced by the German Savings
Bank of San Francisco. A trust deed
conveying the pledged property to B. A.
Becker and George Tourny. trustees for
the society, was to-day filed with the
County Recorder. To the instrument, was
affixed $200 in revenue stamps.
Both of the pledged estates are within
the confines of this, county and comprise
about 20.000 acres. The properties are
Bald to be worth $3,000,000.
The creditor society had a mortgage of
$350,000 on the same ranches for a number
of years and the new and enlarged obliga
tion is the successor of that debt.
Baldwin's Santa Anita ranch Is said to
be mortgaged, and the impression Is
abroad that unless he soon parts with
some of his valuable land holdings in
Southern California interest and taxes
will have a tendency to absorb the equi
ties these lands once possessed.
BOOTHS REMOVED AND
SIDE ENTRANCES CLOSED
Los Angeles Police Enforcing the
Ordinance Regulating the
Saloons.
LOS ANGELES. April I*— The Police
Commission, at its sessions- to-day, offi
cially determined to take out of saloons
the private booths they contain. The
question of enforcing the closing of side
entrances to any and all saloons was
finally decided, and Chief Glass was in-
Btructed to carry out the provisions of
the ordinances. In presenting this ques
tion to the board Mayor Eaton said:
•'ln many of these saloons there are
stairways leading to basements, which
are used almost exclusively by young
girls and their escorts, who are on the
down roiA. They drink liquors in such
basements procured from the saloons
above. I have convinced myself by per
sonal observation that this is the existing
state of affairs. Many proprietors say
they do not desire such custom, but that
they are in no position to prevent it. To
aid them we will close these side and back
entrances and remove the booths and
curtains that hide and shelter unseemly
conduct."
A PARTY OF DEWEY'S MEN
AMBUSHED BY THE TAGALOS
Naval Officers Leaving the Yorktown in a Small Boat Off Baler, on the East Coast of Luzon.
THE PLAGUE
YET RAGES
IN BOMBAY
A Thousand Deaths Weekly,
but Government Hopes
to Control Disease.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOMBAY, April 18.— According to
statistics gathered regarding the bu
bonic plague it Is established that there
have been 2."0,000 deaths recorded in In
dia since its beginning. These figures,
however, are undoubtedly far below the
actual total, as the natives are known
to have concealed quite a number of
deaths.
Bombay Presidency suffered the
most, being responsible for 134,000
deaths, without counting those which
occurred in the city of Bombay, which,
with Kuraccho, were the chief hotbeds
of the disease.
The deaths in Bombay presidency are
still about 1000 weekly. With the re
turn of hot weather the plague, which
is now the third epidemic, is again
rapidly disappearing. The mortality,
which was 250 daily in the city of
Bombay five weeks ago, has now sunk
to. 100 per day, and the Government has
dropped the rigorous repressive meas
ures which, it has been found, it i« im
possible to maintain indefinitely in the
face of the fatalist resignation of the
natives.
The Madras Presidency is fairly free
frmn the plague, its climate and soil, it
is argued, not being favorable to the
spread of the epidemic.
The Bengal Presidency has suffered
to some extent, Including Calcutta, but
the situation has not been grave, and
the spread of the plague is now de
creasing. Tjie Haffklne fluid has been
very successful.
DR. HARRIS FAILS IN
THEATRICAL VENTURES
NEW YORK, April 18.— Another benefit
for Rev. James H. W. Harris, formerly
pastor of the Episcopal Church of the
Redeemer in Oakland, Cal., is in course
of preparation. The last one was to have j
been given a week ago last Sunday night, j
but it did not take place, owing to the j
failure of Mr. Harris to make the required
deposit for rent. He went to Edwin ;
Knuwles, manager of the Fifth avenue
Theater, a year ago and arranged to rent
the theater for a series of "Sunday Even
ing Patriotic Concerts," the proceeds to j
be given to "women's sanitary work" and ;
to "purchase portraits of the Maine for
our public schools." Subscribers were to
have their names printed in tho nuwspa
pers, and among the names of the "pa
trons" were given those of C. P. Hunting
ton, George Crocker, A. N. Bra.iy, J.
Pierpont Morgan and former Governor
Flower.
Mr. Harris did not rent the theater. Mr.
Knowles said to-day ho understood the
affair was to be a "subscription benefit,"
and that money did not come in.
Mr. Harris, when told to-day that com- j
plaints had been made of the failure of i
his theatrical enterprises after subscrip
tions had been paid in, said:
"Some one who Is envious of the work
I am doing is trying to prevent it. For
the last year I have been doing non-sec
tarian work in Now York City. I am
pomewhat in debt and am perfectly will
ing to pay every dollar if I am let' alone.
This is a benefit for me personally, inas
much as I have done everything and re
ceived nothing for over a year. I have
nothing to hide. This is simply a matter
of persecution."
Mr. Harris is about to give up all
thought of the stage and return to reli
gious work.
Three Yolo County Deaths.
•WOODLAND, April 18.— Death was busy
among the old settlers of Yolo County
yesterday. Mrs. A. L. Belshe died near
Madison and Mre. Martha Daniels near
Woodland. This morning William Elbert
Woods died near Woodland.
BEEF COURT
SURE TO FIND
AGAINST MILES
The Preparation of the Find
ings Has Already Been
Commenced.
Sneelal Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, April 18.— The army
court of inquiry has begun the framing
of its report. While a few minor mat
ters remain for examination they are
not such as to affect the main facts.
It Is regarded as certain that the court
will find that General Miles' charges
that embalmed or chemically prepared
beef was sent to the army have not
been sustained. The position of the
court is believed to be that the testi-.
mony is conclusive that both the re
frigerated beef and the canned beef
wt'ip in good condition when delivered
to the Government and continued so
until issued to the troops, except that
portion damaged in transportation or
affected by tropical conditions, and to
these causes of injury and these con
ditions the chief causes of trouble will
be attributed. It will be shown that
the refrigerated beef after being taken
from the ice in the tropical climate
spoils quickly unless well cared for and
that the canned beef, after being
opened, because of the great heat, be
comes repulsive in appearance and soon
unpalatable. But the court will hold,
as the result of chemical investigations
by experts, that the canned beef is
wholesome and nutritious. Attention
will be called to the fact that it was
used throughout the war by our navy
and is still used by the fleet. It is be
lieved that the court will criticize those
officers who have testified that they be
came aware that bad beef was issued
to the troops and failed to report their
observations until after the war had
closed.
ANTARCTIC EXPLORERS
REACH MONTEVIDEO
Banco the Name Given to the Land
They Discovered Near the
South Pole.
Special Cable to The' Call and the New York
IleraM. Copyrighted, ISS3, by James Gor
don Bennett.
MONTEVIDEO, April I<?.— The follow
ing members of the Belgian antarctic ex
pedition arrived here to-day on their way
back to Europe: Henry Artowski, natur
alist; Roald Amundsen, an officer of the
steamship Belgica; and M. Dobropolskl,
assistant in the meteorological service.
They are reticent regarding the result of
the expedition, but it ip known that it
advanced to 71 degrees 36 minutes lati
tude south and discovered land previously
unknown, which is called Danrn.
Captain Adrien de Gorlache, chief of the
expedition, is still at Punta Arenas. He
intends to go to Buenos Ayres- to repair
hln ship, the Belgica, returning thence to
Europe.
Lieutenant Danco, who had charge of
the magnetic observations service for the
expedition, died in June, 1898, rs already
told in a special cable dispatch to the
Herald, and the new land was probably
named in his honor.
— __#_-.
STEERS TORPEDOES
FROM A DISTANCE
NEW YORK. April IS.— A cable from
London says: Axell Orling gave a private
demonstration in London to-day of his
marvelous invention for steering- torpe
does from a distance. The principle of the
invention consists in the transmission of
motor force by waves of light similar to
Roentgen rays.
In one room Mr. Orling fixed up a model
of a torpedo fitted with a rudder like a
fish's tail, controlling it by means of an
apparaUis in an adjoining chamber
through two partition walls between the
two objects.
Spectators wero astonished to see the
rudder of the torpedo turning to the right
or to the left at the will of the operator.
DISASTER ON EAST
COAST OF LUZON
SHAFTER SAYS
KILL HALF OF
THE FILIPINOS
That the Other Half May Be
Lifted From Semi-
Barbarity.
Sjjeclal Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, April 18.— Major General
Shafter passed through Chicago to-day
en route to his brother's home in Syca
more, 111.
Discussing the Philippine war he
said: "If General Lawton says 100,000
men are needed in the Philippines in
order to effectually end hostilities and
bring the natives to terms I should say
that undoubtedly an army of such pro
portions is required. "We of the army
have supreme confidence in General
Lawton's judgment, and it is his prac
tice to underestimate rather than ex
aggerate when passing upon existing
conditions.
"I don't know Otis— never saw him,"
the general added. "I think Lawton
hiul a right to criticize the tactics of
the commanding general if he believed
tin m to be unwise.
"The Filipino is a suspicious fellow,
just like the Cuban. He can't see the
good intentions of this Government and
he never will until we subjugate him
with powder and ball.
"I have said before that it may be
necessary to kill half the population
i of the islands in order that the re
maining half may be lifted from
their semi-barbarity to the civiliza
tion we are ready to give them."
"And let me tell you," General Shaf
ter concluded, impressively, "that I do
not believe our troubles in Cuba are
over by any means."
SYCAMORE, 111., April 18.— General
Shatter is at his brother's home in this
city suffering from an attack of ma
larial fever. His physician says the at
tack Is not serious and hopes to see
General Shafter well enough to go to
San Francisco In two or three days.
POLICE SEARCHING FOR
PASADENA ORPHANS
Chicago Authorities Aid an Old
Woman to Find Her Two
Grandchildren.
CHICAGO, April IS.— Mrs. Van Buren of
2921 Arch street this morning requested
the police to find her two grandchildren,
a girl six years old and a boy three years.
The father and mother of the children
I died, in Pasadena, Cai., a year ago and
I the little orphans were left in charge of
strangers.
Mr?. Van Buren, in tolling her story to
Captain Colleran, dated her trials and
i troubles back twenty-nine years, when
she save birth to a girl. Cihe kept the
child for nineteen months, when she
turned the baby over t>> Mrs. Anna
Graves for adoption. Nearly twenty
years ago Mrs. Graves moved to Califor
nia and took the gill with her. When ->
years old May married a lumber dealer of
Pasadena named Charles Burns. Two
children were born to them. When the
| parents died a year ago of consumption,
! Mrs. Van Buren claims, a brother of the
i father brought the children to Chicago.
"I had not sei.-n my daughter for many
years," sobbed the old woman. "She never
knew me to be her mother, arid now that
both she and her husband are dead I want
my children."
The police will enlist the aid of the Pas
adena authorities in tracing the children.
EDMOND ROSTAND INSANE.
Sad Affliction of the Author of
"Cyrano de Bergerac."
NEW YORK, April 18.— A special cable
to the World from London says: A Paris
dispatch announces that E<imond
Rostand, the author of "Cyrano de Ber
gerac." has become mentally deranged,
following prolonged insomnia.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
) Ifl/ASHINGTON, April 18.— The Navy
Department has given out ths
following dispatch from Admiral
' Dewey :
* MANILA, April 18.— Secretary of
the Navy, Washington: The York
town visited .Baler, on the east coast
, of Luzon, on April 12, for the pur
, pose of rescuing and bringing away
the Spanish force, consisting of
eighty soldiers, three officers and two
priests, which were surrounded by
400 insurgents. Some of the insur
gents were armed with Mauser rifles.
With a landing party Lieutenant J.
C. Gilmore was ambushed, fired upon
and captured. The fate of the prison
ers is unknown as the insurgents re
fused to communicate afterward. The
following are missing besides the offi
cer previously referred to:
Chief Quartermaster W. Walton.
Cockswain J. Ellsworth.
Gunner's Mate Edward J. Nygard.
Sailmaker's Mate Vandoit.
Seamen W. H. Bynder and 0. W.
Woodbury.
Apprentices D. G. A. Venville and
Albert Peterson.
Ordinary Seamen S. Brisolese and
0. B. McDonald.
Landsmen L. P. Edwards, F. An
derson, J. Dillon and C. H. Morrissey.
DEWEY.
The disnatrh caused much excite
ment in naval circles as soon as its con
tents became known. It was received
late in the day. and considerable de
lay was occasioned by the blindness of
some of the cipher words. It was im
possible to completely decipher it, but
the general sense of it was plain.
Lieutenant Gilmore, the officer re
ferred to as captured, is well known in
Washington, having been stationed
here for some time, and hia wife and
family live here. He was born In Phila
delphia July 10, 1854, and was appointed
a naval, cadet from Arizona in Septem
ber, 1871. He reached his present grade
of lieutenant in 1891. His main service
has been on the Monongahela, Marion,
Bancroft, Vesuvius and Machias, be
sides considerable service on the naval
boards. Just a year ago he reported to
the St. Paul, then commissioned a a
auxiliary cruiser, and served on that
vessel under Captain Sigsbee through
out the war. On January 14 Inst h<»
was ordered to the hospital ship So
lace, which was about to sail for Ma
nila, and on arrival there was assigned
by Admiral Dewey to the Ybrktown.
The others mentioned in the admiral's
dispatch are shown by the naval rec
ords as follows:
William Walton, chief .quartermaster,
enlisted at Oheefoo. China; born at Man
helm, Germany. Relatives none.
John Ellsworth, cockswain, entered at
Mare Island, California; born at Ports
mouth, N. 11. No relatives
Lyraan Paul Edwards, landsman, enlist
ed at Mare Island; born in Peru. I ml.
Next of kin E. B. Edwards, father, Mex
ico, Ind.
John Dillon, landsman, enlisted at TTon
olulu: born at Gateway, Ireland. Next of
kin George Cavener, Honolulu.
Paul Vandoit. sailmaker's mate, enlisted
at Mare Island, California: born in
France. Next of kin P. Vandoit, father,
San Luis Obispo, Cal.
Charles Herbert Morrissey. landsman,
enlisted at Mare Island, California; born
at Columbus, Nebr. Next of kin Mrs. J.
C. Morrissey, Lincoln, Nebr.
Ora B. McDonald, ordinary seaman, en
listed at Mare Island, California; born at
Carmel Valley, California. Next of kin
P. McDonald, father, Monterey, Cal.
William H. Ryndr-r. cockswain, enlisted
at Mare Island, California: born at Am
sterdam, Holland. Next of kin Mrs. M.
11. Nyhouse, cousin, 520 Connecticut
street, San Francisco.
Silvio Brisolese. landsman, enlisted at
San Francisco; born at San Francisco.
Next of kin Nocolo Brisol< .-< . father; _i'! 7
Mission street. San Francisco.
Albert Peterson, apprentice, third class,
enlisted at San Francisco; born at Oak
land; next of kin Louis Peterson loij
Third street, Oakland. Cal.
Orrison Welch Woodbury, seaman, en
listed at Gloucester, Mass.; born at Lynn
Mass.; next of kin John C. Woodbnry
father, 143 Maple street,, Lynn. Mass.
Densell George Arthur Venvillo. appren
tice, second class, enlisted at Mare Isl
and. Cal.; born at Dudley. England; next
of kin E. Marsh, Sellwood, Oregon.
Fred Anderson, landsman, enlisted at
New York; born at Buffalo, N. V. : next
of kin Christiana Anderson, mother 356
Bristol street. Buffalo. N. Y.
Edward J. Nygard, gunner's mate, third
Plats, enlisted at New York: born at
Warsaw, Russia; next of kin Sophia Ny
gard. wffe, 1631 Atlantic avenue, Brook
lyn. N. Y.
The misfortune was felt Avith added
keenness, as the navy has prided itself
thus far on immunity from reverses.2
The admiral's dispatch of to-day was
the first knowledge the department had
that tht rorktown had gone "n this
special mission to relieve the Spanish
-»n al Baler. That the capture
Bhould ha\ •• been effei t< d » nile tin 1
■ lean forces 9 ere on a mission of
mercy toward the Spaniards rather
than in tin prosecution of a camp
led to the belief that Spain would have
in. further ground for questioning the
I faith with which tin Americans
.-■>■• king t" relii v« the condition of
the Spanish prisoners.
Although the dispatch gives no lndl
n thai Lieutenant Gllmore and his
men had lost their lives, yet gn at
anxiety was aroused by the mystery
surrounding their fate while in the
Is of an uncivilized enemy. This is
th<-- first eaptiire of any Americans,
military or naval men. so that
unknown how the Insurgents will treat
• nu- men. 11 < Iviliaed methods were
onld be quickly
l 'Mis has a large
number of Filipino prisoners, but the
insurgents have been averse thus far
Spanish prisoners, •td'l
this raf=°s a question as to what they
!o with the Forktown's men.
■ ist or Pacific ' >< can
Luzon, about 85 miles In a
-ht line rrverland east by north
from Manila. By water it is about 650
mile? around the northern end of I>u
z.m. and about '>"" around the southern
n sis back from the
The small bay "f
the sam^ name >>n the coast is little
know n bad anchorag*
• : the a fr>un th^
I
the capital of El Principe
It has a population of
■ the resi
• ■ ivince
In
■ th Mai a bj
to Bomga
a hammock
• \cms journey of
" hii h neither shel-
C und.
SCHEME TO BUY
AGUINALDO OUT
NEW YORK. April IS.— A special to
Washington says: Aguin
■ feath
ls to th-> belief
■ : to iisten t" over
th> purchase of the fre<
rktown's men. sident
has at hit
■ this
. in i ansoming Gill
ompanions if they are
the suggi stion has
• • rts of Admiral
• tlit- rap
way for over
• _ uinaldo. There
t mystery as
'.:■ h the appropria
i - .-• ured, and It is
probabfli
of it may bi
iguinaldo that his cause
With Ag w ay the
. h ili b>. broken,
. - to the bi lief here. Jt was
ggestion to offer
of the $3,0 ■ A.guinaldo had
at, but the
irtment authorities pooh-pooh
the idea, although they are exceedingly
ng ih«' matter.
FILIPINOS WANT PEACE
BUT FEAR AGUINAIDO
MANILA. April IS.— A number of
prominer.t and wealthy Filipino are
Mzing a committee to take Bteps
to bring about, if possible, an under
en the rebels and the
branch of this com
mittee int< k the United States
Philippine Commission to make a
ment as to what terms will be <>f
rebela if the latter will sur-
'• h of the cummittee
will appi s tinaldo with the
- and will r to persuade
■ is consid
if any members
the will dare to pi rsonally
:• with th Lder. The eom
ral persona recently
: i" death by A^uinaldo for
: ■ tinning him to cease fighting.
Ma ■ lI Otis has appointed a
i. headed by Colonel Crowder, to
with war claims. Many such
claim.-- have been til< «.i, uggregatingmil
:" dollars, purely as a result >>f
or General Otis, who
hap hitherto handled these claims, is
unabl< ny of his lime to
th.-Mii n^w.
General Lawton has <irdered Colonel
Whalley of th° Washington regiment,
Is lieutenant in the I'eeular army.
ommand GreneraJ King's brigade
during the latter's ill]
THE LONDON PRESS
ON LAWTON'S RETREAT
LONDON, April 18. The morning
jits all oomni- the situation in
• fleet that
it 1? now Impossible for the T.'nitf.i E
nnd that the Amer
must fr< m lime to time • h ap-
Major General Law
from the Santa < 'ruz dis-
Th*» Daily Mail, In an editorial ci
Retreat?" says: "We <io
m Instant that the wistful
propl many and Italy
will h" \->-riii>'l and the L'nietd States re
tire vanquished and humiliated."
• 'omparlnf: America's task to Engla
in Rurmah. the Daily Mall Bays: "Pluck
and doggedness will triumph in the end.
No true-hearted American can raise ins
voice to recall the troops or to refu
inforcements. That would be cowardice
1 nations would
cease to bd<
The Daily Chronicle calls attention to
the f. yen in the British service
there itcry If th.- m<
kept in the tropics but for a few months
when they have completed their seven
years, although many may desire to re
new enlistment for twelve. This journal
does nol see why the Peace Commission
ers and Aguinaldo should not reach a
permanent and honorable understanding,
but it contends when this has been attain
ed the troops remaining In the Philippines
and not voiui.-
The Standard, whose editorial is sym
pathetic, rebukes those who wn;;]i! make
political capital oui of General Lawton's
retirement alter having brilliantly exe
cuted a stratfgic programme and out of
the mischance Admiral Dewey record!: in
an attempt to fulfill an obligation of hu
manity. It believes that the "volunteers
themselves would resent the suggi
that they are exhausted by hardship or
are prematurely homesick."
The Daily News says: "We have al
ways held that the settlements wouM be
found rather in compromise than in a
thorough defeat of the native forces. The
Americans nre really called upon to solvr
problems which the Government of Spain
■I. and the task needs tact and pa
• veil more than a strong arm."
The Daily Telegraph says: "If impp
n 1s to be made the shuttlecock of
Republican and Democratic bosses, the
'white, man's burden' will prove t'>o heavy
for American shoulders, but such a fail
ure would n doimd to the discredit of the
genius of the Anglo-Saxon race."
NEW STEAMSHIP"
LINE TO PORTLAND
PORTLAND, Or.. April IK.— within the
next month, according to the statement
of G. \V. Antrim of the firm of Conklin
& Antrim. shipping merchants of . San
Francisro. another line of steamers will
be plying between that city and Portland.
The steamers will touch at Grays Har
bor. Washington. The Merchants Steam
ship Company of San Francisco, Antrim
ga;. p. will operate the steamers, and it is
expected that a steamer will leave San
Francieco every nine days.
THE OSOPHISTS IN
MYTHICAL ROLES
"Eumenides" Presented
on Point Loma.
By MRS. H. H. SOMERS.
Special Dispatch to Th" Call.
PAN DIEGO. April 18.— The site of the
School for the Revival of the Lost Mys
teries of Antiquity presented a busy
scene on Monday while the last prepara
tions for the presentation of the Greek
play "Eumenides" were in progress.
Now features have been added by Mr.--. Ting
ley In the last few days to better develop the
beauties and power of the drama. The large
audience was collectively prepared, more or
less, some by study, some by natural in
stinct, some by curiosity to receive its mean
ing. To Fay that It was a great success would
by no means convey an adequate conception.
A new era in the drama is being inaugurated
and It will become a powerful Instrument In
the Interest of human advancement and prog
ress.
The presentation of "Eumonidps." as given
laft nighi by tho Isis League of Music and
• . ■ : all dispute the
the ilnima »> a purifying Jnflu
ture, his i rigin, the ; i
the true relationship which must
one to ..:
an extent that In truly
ugbt out un<> the un
la the last of a
trilogy or set of three plays, with one plot
running through the set. in the first Aga
memnon returns home from the siege of Troy,
bringing with him Cassandra, a native pro
phetess. He finds that during his absence
his Quoen, nnestra, has been ruling the
Kingdom In conjunction with her lover, Aegis
thus. Clytemnestra welcomes her returned
lord, but, when she discovers Cassandra, she
treacherously murders her husband and also
Cassandra.
In the second play, the "Chaepharae," Ore«
tes, the son of Agamemnon, is ordered by
Apollo to slay his mother, Clytemnestra, and
does co, urged on by his sister, Electro. In
"Eumenides," the Bumenides, who are the
agentH of the avenging Nemesis, appearing as
hideous hags, pursue Orestes for the murder
cf his mother, but Apollo protects him, Orestes
being Apollo's suppliant and having acted un
der the god's orders. The Bumenidea being
obdurate, the matter is tried before a Jury
of Athenian nobles, with Athena, the goddess
of wisdom, as Judge. The votes for and
against Orestes are equal and Athena casts
her vote in his favor, declaring that In future
all people shall be similarly acquitted. The
Kumenides rage in baffled spite and vow to
blast the earth with barrenness and pesti
lence. But Athena soothes away their anger
by promoting them to be the agents of pros
perity and beneficence, so that henceforth
these avenging furies become the bestowers or
happiness and peace. '- ■ -
Mr. Basil Crump essayed the part of Apollo
and would have received the commendation of
the god himself.
Mrs. Southwick of Boston was Athena in
person. The most striking feature of the pro
duction was the entrance of Athena In a
chariot of blue and gold, drawn by a rnagnlfl
cent pair of pure white horses, which was In
answer to the supplication and Invocation of
Orestes, who was on the verge of being over
come and torn to pieces by the Furies.
11. T. Patten of New York, one of the
students of. the Jsls League, as Orestes, gave
the decided Impression that he ha had expe
rience with Furies and could appreciate the Joy
of ling released from their pursuit.
All the minor parts were well sustained. All
the actors are members of the Universal Broth
erhood, except three ladies of Ban Diego. The
scenery was symbolic In color, and was paint
ed under those laws an understanding of which
Is necessary to give the desired results. Un
der the lamplight the effect of It was very
beautiful. The music was archaic, and though
somewhat unusual in some parts, was pecu
liarly attractive. In fact, in this play the
combined forces of color, music and dramatic
action are needed to fully express the under
lying principles of the play.
Mrs. Elizabeth C. Mayer, directress of the
musical department of the Isis League of Mu
sic and Drama, deserves much credit for the
manner in which she and her department per
formed, under the guidance of Mrs. Tlngley,
Its function In helping to develop the concep
tion of the old Greek master.
The presentation will be repeated asraln on j
Tuesday night, at the name place and hour.
At the public meeting held In the amphi
theater on Point Loma on Sunday afternoon,
general discussion of the philosophy of ■ life !
took place, brief addresses being made by va
rious international representative! to the
Brotherhood. One of the best Of the addresses
was delivered by Dr. Herbert Coryn of Lon
don. England. He said in part:
"It la not easy to compress one's ideas on
tlie philosophy of life into five minutes. Those
of you who hear the name of our organisation
for the first lime will naturally ask: '.Well,
what are you getting at. anyhow? Have you
anything new to say?' Now, the philosophy
of life to which we want to call your attention I
is perfectly simple to speak of, easy to under
stand, and capable of reforming the world and
making it a pleasant place to live in. Every
religion has gradually rot Itself overgrown
with a lot of dogmas and men's attention Is bo
fastened on these that they forget the root. At
last they come to disbelieve and reject the
dogma* and there Is now great danger lest i
! they throw the Brotherhood idea overboard ;
j along with the dogmas. At some time all great ;
religious teachers have been asked to compress I
their teachings into a sentence and they all I
did so In nearly the same words or Idea?: 'Love
thy fellow man." So we claim that that iB the
way to go If a man wants to be either happy '■
or wise.
"What are men pursuing from day to day?
Happiness. When they have got it, it does
not satisfy, and it is painful to look back upon j
the time when they had got it. Bo no one of
th» desires that men have can give any pleas
ure when it is satisfied. But let each man look
into himself and note the surprising fact that j
the only really satisfying pleasure comes from ;
acts of brotherly kindness. Clearly we have ]
got hold of the right philosophy of life. This
Is the way to pleasure It Is also the way to
health, for there is no more certain way of
getting free from disease and to prolong life
than to have the soul and body drenched with
pleasure.
"Once in a while when some desire for your j
own personal comfort or convenience comes up
Just. for fun try the trick of putting it aside
| in favor of another desire, for some other per- i
son's good or comfort. By this simple method
• you will find that your mind has gradually be
: come clear and happy. Your consciousness will
grow too big to be wholly packed Into your
| body. Becoming mentally clear, you will easily
perceive this and will understand what all the
teachers of humanity have said, namely, that
the mind, the man, the soul does not die when
the body does. You "ill no longer fear the
simple practice and philosophy of brotherhood,
that of the Universal Brotherhood organiza
tion."
Admirers of Wagner have seldom listened t >
a better and more comprehensive lecture on
thp creat man than that, which wan delivered
Hiday evening by Mrs. Alice Cleather and
Basil frump, both celebrated members of the
I^m.lon Wagner Society, who are now her" :i =
representatives to the Universal Brotherhood
GOVERNOR HENRY OF
PORTO RICO RELIEVED
NEW YORK, April 13.— A Washington,
I to the Herald says: Upon request
i if General Henry, the new Governor Gen
era! of Porto Rico, he has been relieved. |
Genera] Henry has found the climate en- I
ervating. His successor has not yet been '
d, bul the iissignment of Brigadier
General Grant to the Philippines has been j
held up, iii'd some of ht» rrlends arc urg- !
Ins; that ho he promoted to the vacancy.
Instructions were sent to-day to Gen
era! Henry directing him to send to the •
United States the Eleventh Infantry Reg
iment, which ha? seen the greatest length
of service on the island, and two li^ht
batteries <>f the Seventh Artillery. This
will leave an American garrison of .only
the Nineteenth Infantry, the Fifth Cav
alry, three batteries of the Fifth Artil
lery and the Fourth Company of the Vol
unteer Signal ( 'orps.
This reduction of tho force is the result j
of Secretary Aiger's recent visit. He
found the Porto Ricans quiet and orderly
and extremely patriotic, and he believes
there is no necessity of menacing them
by retaining a strong force.
TRANSPORT SCINDIA
SERIOUSLY DAMAGED
VAI.LKJO. April R— While removing
the United States transport Scindia from •
the Mare Island drydock the vessel col- j
lided with the end of the quay -wall, i
smashing three of her plates, which ne- I
cessltated the return of the big ship to !
the dock to prevent her from sinking.
The Scindia was placed in the drydook '
ahmit two weeks ago to receive a "thor
ough overhauling. Her engines required
considerable repairing, and an extra large
force of mm was put at work, as the de
partment was anxious to have the ship
put into commission as soon as. possible.
The damage resulting from the accident
will hold the Scindia at Mare Island at i
, least two weeks longer.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 19, 1899.
RATHER LATE JUSTICE
TO POOR ROGER WILLIAMS
Massachusetts Legislature fished
to Revoke the Old Sentence
of Barjishment.
BOSTON', April IS.— ln the House to-day Mr. Davis of Cambridge
presented a petition and resolution revoking the sentence of banish
ment of Roger Williams, the famous Colonial preacher, which was
passed October 1, 1635.
The reason given by the petitioners is that the doctrine of religious
liberty, the advocacy of which led to Williams' banisment, has be
come the fundamental sentiment of Christendom.
This is one of the most unique pieces of legislation ever known here.
The petition is signed by Rev. I. W. Grimes, Rev. S. Walker, Rev. O. Sher
wood. G. A. Maynard, Rev. J. D. Fulton, J. D. Rollfns, Rev. Dr. C. B.
Brane, Rev. Dr. Howe, A. N. Hardy, J. W. Drew and T. N. Merriman.
The petition came Into the House just as it was about to take up a
very live local issue, and in view of the more pressing character of the
problems of to-day, it was decided to let Roger's case rest for another
year, so that tho petition was referred to the next General Court. Few
members, in fact, knew anything about the contents of the document,
since the clerk read it by the title only. It was nominally presented
by Representative Davis of Cambridge, but that gentleman disavows
any personal interest in the matter.
The petition was signed by a number of Baptist clergymen, and was
brought to the State House by one of them, who, in order to get it be
fore tho General Court, had to have it presented by a member, and Mr,
Davis performed the service. There is no doubt whatever of its being
passed at the next session.
ONCE BELIEVED
DREYFUS GUILTY
Picquart Found He Was
in Error.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS. April 19.— The Figaro publishes
to-day the conclusion of Colonel Pic
quart's deposition before the Court of
Cassation in th* Dreyfus inquiry, together
with the testimony of Jules Ruche, mem
ber of the Chamber of Deputies for the
Second District of Tournon. and of
i hers, as well as a numtx r of letters
from Esterhazy to M. Roche— altogether
about twenty-four columns.
Colonel Picquart told the court of the
various missions which General Qonae
confided to him in Tunis, all of whirl
d him that he was under the l
displeasure. His mail matter always
reached him unsealed and was Invariably
by others before being dispatched.
it- complained of this treatment to U< u
tctiant Colonel H<*nry. but they refused to
give him any satisfaction.
In August, 1896, after his examination of
the dossier, he was convinced, Colonel
Picauart declared, of the guilt of Dreyfus,
and not until his return from Africa In
March, 1897, did he confide to a friend, ;<.
lieutenant colonel, his conviction thai an
error had been made by t tie court-martial
and that Esterhaay was the real culprit.
At this period his relations with Lieu
tenant Colonel Henry ceased to be friend
ly. In the following June he became
aware that machinations were brewing
against himself, and he confided all his
papers to Maitre Le Blois, his counsel, for
surety. He then returned to Tunis.
■ nel Picquart remarked upon the
Idence that Esterhazy's letter to the
Minister of War. Indicating his (Pic
quart's) movements, was dated October
23 1897, and that the date of the order
ng him to the Trlpolitan frontier
wan October Ti. After referring to Ls
terhaiy's letter and the "Blanche/ ana
"Sporanza" telegrams he detailed his re
call to Paris to testify before General
Pellieux. He said he was called before the
latter on the day following his arrival,
having seen only Major Mtercler-Mllan,
sent by the general staff to receive him.
This officer told him the general staff
was not ill-disposed toward him, but
nevertheless he noticed that he was under
close police surveillance. He reproached
General Pellieux for crediting the false
ieports representing him (Picquart) v a
neurotic and as occupying himself with
occultism. Ho denied that he was an
•ist and said General Pellieux treat
ed him with severity exceeding all per
missible bounds.
Passing to the court-martial of Ester
hazy. Colonel Picu.uart again protest* d
against the attitude of General Pellieux,
who, he said, overwhelmed him with
questions without the consent of the
counsel for the defense, or the president
of the court-martial.
"It was easy to see," declared Picauart.
■'that I was the real accused."
Then he proceeded to relate how, al
though General Luxor promised that he
should be confronted with his opponents,
he was only confronted with lieutenant
Colonel Henry, despite the protest of one
of the Judges, who demanded the carry
ing out of General Luxor's promise.
Dealing with subsequent inquiries. Col
onel Picquart'B story was one of similar
hindrances ami of attempts to stifle In
vestigation. He testified that, after M.
Cavaignac'a famous speech in the Cham
ber ot Deputies, he wrote to the presi
dent of the council, warning him against
the Henry forgery. The witness referred
to letters from the Minister of War to
the Minister of Justice against him, and
denied that any animosity existed be
tween himself and Colonel Paty dv I'lam.
The witness added that Henry's forgery
"became necessary in order to maintain
the charge of guilt against Dreyfus."
Before replying to M. Castelin's inter
pellation the Minister of War appeared
unfavorable to Esterhazy and inclined to
believe in the innocence of Dreyfus. Hen
ry's forgery made the situation clear.
Colonel Picquart said he was absolutely
convinced that all the documents subse
quent to Henry's forgery and connected
with it were themselves forgeries.
The testimony of the other witnesses
was unimportant.
It was rumored here last evening that
the Court of Cassation, encouraged by the
Ministers who desire to mef>t the Chamber
of deputies with a well-defined situation,
will dispense with the proposed con
frontation of General Roget. Colonel Pie
quart. M. Bortulus, the magistrates and
others in order to hurry its derision he
fore the Chamber meets. It is further as
serted that the court's revision will be
that no new facts have been adduced jus
tifying revision, which the court will ac
cordingly reject.
FRENCH GOVERNMENT
MAY PARDON DREYFUS
LONDON, April 19.— The Paris corre
spondent of the Times, referring to the
rumors that the Court of Cassation will
abridge the Dreyfus revision' inquiry in
order to enable the Government to k<* be
fore the chamber of Deputies with a well
defined situation and that its decision will
be against revision on the ground of non
discovery' of new facts, says:
"Such a solution would only result in a
continuance of the struggle in a more
violent and dangerous form than ever,
not only In France but throughout the
civilised world."
The Paris correspondent of the Daily
News, who r< Lr.'wd? such a possible course
as "an endeavor to gag Captain Frey
statter of the original court-martial, win
would show cause for annulling the Drey
fus judgment, but will not be suffered to
speak," says:
"I believe the Government intends to
pardon Dreyfus as soon as the Court of
Cassation has delivered judgment. There
is a majority of ten against him. One
already wavers. A large proportion of
the others are old men. some of whom are
not in the best health, and the Influenza
might any day remove them. The Gov
ernment, knowing this, hurried the pro
ceedings with a view of insuring a deci
sion that will please the army and the
maas of electors."
STILL NO RESULT
FROM THE INQUIRY
LITTLE CHANCE OF PRESIDIO
RIOTERS BEING CAUGHT.
The investigation into the riot at the
Presidio Sunday night is proceeding
slowly, but the result seems as distant as
ever. Lieutenant Devore of the Twenty
third Infantry, who has the case in
charge, was among the suspects all day
yesterday asking searching questions and
hearing the evidence of non-commissioned
officers and privates, but his labors made
matters no dearer and did not increase
the chances of bringing to'justico the m< D
who were responsible for the outrage. It
was the same story from each. They had
i been downtown on leave or had just gone
out to the fire to see what was happening.
They would not or could not give defin
ite information, and the inquiry could go
no further than the mere asking of ques
tions.
A further obstacle was thrown in the
way of the Investigation yesterday morn
ing wh«>ti two hundred and llfty of the
"casuals" were marched off the reserva 1
Uon and w< n put aboard the Warren.now
to sail for .Manila. The men ordered
to the Philippines were notified of their
destination Monday morning and were
told to make themselves ready to move
at any time. They may include all the
ringleaders of the row of Sunday night
or they may not have a rioter in their
ranks; n>< one but the soldiers themselves
can tell, and they have no intention of do
ing bo.
The Warren will sail this
morning-, the time of her departure de
j>ending on the arrival of the remainder
of th.' batt< ries of the Sixth Artillery.
which are on their way to this city. She
will leave with eight batteries aboard.
all under the command of Lieutenant
Colonel Williston, who was for a long
time Stationed at the Presidio when the
Third Artillery formed the post garrison.
NEWSBOYS ELECT OFFICERS.
Successful Meeting Held at the Y. M.
C. A. Hall Last Evening.
Last evening the members of the News
bo\ s' Protective Union met in the Y. M.
C. A. Hall for the purpose of electing of
ficers. Rob Wall occupied the chair. At
the suggestion of "Happy" Dougherty,
Michael Joyce was elected recording sec
retary and O. J. Day financial secretary.
"Happy" Dougherty then turned over the
funds of the association to Day and re
quested that the boys hereafter recog
nize him as "money-holder." The name
of Mayor Phelan was then proposed for
treasurer and a committee of one ap-
Sointed to wait upon him and request that
. assume the responsibility.
The difficult problem of the evening was
the selection of a sergeant-at-arms. None
of th>- boys seemed desirous of holding
the position, but "Skinny Dutch." "Bow
ery Red" (ordinarily known among the
fraternity as the "Illuminated New xork")
and Max Roberts were at length prevailed
upon to become candidates. The fir?t bal
lot resulted In a tie between "Bowery
Red" and Roberts. "Spider" Foley. act-
Ing i;i th< capacity of "capper" for "Bow
ery Red," was clever at lobbying and
finally succeeded in .swinging the vote of
Jimmie McGonigle, better known as "Half
Man," from Roberts to his candidate
"Bowery Kcd" was declared elected by
the chair.
The boys took under consideration a
proposed picnic and Appointed a commit
tee of arrangements. The latter part of
the meeting was devoted to other affairs
and they wish to impress upon the public
the fact that any subscriptions donated
by the public should be left at any of the
newspaper officers, as they have author
;,?£» I! V to solicit or collect money
Ine organization is for the purpose of
raising a fund to assist sick and needy
newsboys and to maintain them when
they are not able to care for themselves
OARSMEN AT WAR.
Formation of a New Rowing Associa
tion Warmly Discussed.
At a meeting held last night in Justice
of the Peace J. E. Barry's courtroom, in
the new City Hail, the following dele
gates from the various rowing clubs
were present: Ariels-John I. Nolan W
T. Howe and G. T. McGinness; Dolphins
-T. J. Sullivan, W. O. Patch and A P
Rothkopf; South Ends-J. D. Mahoney"
'l\ J \V F >T U ' y an 2 \ ii Frttz; Alamedas
-11. \\. Maass, b. J. Pembroke and C H
Sm.th; Tritons-G. W. Blum. The Plo
neer and Olympic clubs sent no repre
sentatives. C. H. Smith called the meet
ing, to order A. J. Fritz was 'chosen
chairman and G. W. Blum secretary
The object of the meeting was to dis
cuss the advisability of the oarsmen
withdrawing from the Pacific Associa
tion of the Amateur Athletic Union and
forming a new body, to be named the
Pacific or Western Rowing Association
It was stated that the A. A. U., of which
the Pacific Association is a branch dues
not recognize rowing, or attempt to con
trol it. but leaves that to the National
Association of Amateur Oarsmen; that
the regatta committee of the Pacific As
sociation has had charge of all the oars
men's regattas, and that the oarsmen
would do better to control the sport
themselves and affiliate with the N A
"V , O ", to ™ Mch almost all the rowing
dubs in the I nited States belong The
oafsmen would then have properly
measured courses, and their records
would be accepted. The Alameda and
bouth End delegation spoke strongly in
favor of the, formation of a new associa
tion. The Ariel and Dolphin delegates
were in favor of staying with the P. A.
A., which they say has a good standing
and has alwuys managed the affairs ol
the rowing men satisfactorily. 3"hey al-o
asserted that oarsmen registered in the
P. A. A. are entitled to take part in
swimming contests, track and field
events, and all branches of athletics ion
trolled by the A. A. U. After a prolonged
and animated discussion the meeting ad
journed without reaching any definite
conclusion.
Took Carbolic Acid.
T,uey Murray. 19 years of age, was
taken from a house at 512 Bush street last
night suffering from carbolic acid poi
soning. At the Harbor Receiving Hos
pital she said that ehe had quarreled with
he* eiPter owing to ihe latter's familiar
ity v.ith her husband and had taken the
acid to end her troubles. She will re
cover.
HERO OF MANILA
TO BE HONORED
San Jose Preparing for
Dewey Day.
Scecial Dispatch to The Call.
PAX JOSE. April 18.— The people of San
Josp and Santa Clara County will honor
Admiral Dewey on May 1 with a monster
celebration at Agricultural Park. Busi
ness of all kinds will be sus
pended and the bravo admiral and
his fight at Manila will be the subject of
the jollification. Everything is to be
Dewey that day. Prizes have been offered
for a topical song;, a commemorative od-e,
an original poem, a poster, a naval or
military farce, a floral design, a march
and a gavotte of Dewey at Manila. There
will be a fine musical and literary pro
gramme.
The celebration will open at Biinrise with
a cannon salute and until sunset there
will not be a dull moment. A number of
the marines, sailors and officers fmm the
lowa will be present. They will be given
a reception at the depot, after which a
parade will be formed and the march
taken up to Agricultural Pnrk. Here a
basket picnic, and reunion will be held.
Refreshments will be server]. Games of
various kinds and athletic sports will be
enjoyed. A feature is the baseball game
between Stanford University and Santa
Clara College.
Besides celebrating the defeat of the
Spanish the success of the undertaking
means much to San Jose. The proci i <!s
arc to help in the erection of an art build
ing to house the fine collection of paint-
Ings Mrs. M. P. O'Connor has donated to
the people of tills city. The coll si tlon is
an exceedingly fine one and is worth thou
sands of dollars. It was with the- proviso
that a building be erected that Mrs.
O'Connor made the gift. It contains many
magnificent copies of works by the old
masters. While there are not quite so
many originals as in the Crocker gallery
at Sacramento, yet in many respects it
is superior to that collection. The State
has already given a site for the building
In the Normal School square. It is pro
poped to put $20.(100 in the building. Some
$5000 has been subscribed. The executive
committee of the Aic Building Associa
tion, which has charge of the celebration,
is as follows: Mrs. E. O. Smith, presi
dent; Mrs. Nicholas Bowden, vice presi
dent; Mrs. R. S. Hoi way, secretary; Mrs.
J. H. Pierce, Mrs. W. B. Hobson, Mrs.
Edward Williams, Mrs. C. H. Clement,
Mrs. <i. M. Bowman. Mrs. Carrie Stevens
Walter, Mrs. Mitchell Phillips, Miss Mary
Beans, Colonel Philo Mersey, Major
Whitton and Professors R. S. Holway and
F. P. Russell.
The ladies have received encouraging
letters from Mrs. Jan" L. Stanford, Pro
f. ssor David Starr Jordan and other
prominent persons. Even Collis P. Hunt
mgton, who has the, reputation of be
ing exceedingly close in this respect, has
consented to supply I'ree transportation
for the. Inwa crew to San Jose and re
turn. Huntington sent the following let
ter to Mrs. Mitchell Phillips, acting presi
dent of the Art Association:
SAN FRANCISCO, April IT, 1899.
I am in receipt of your letter of the i<th,
relative to the Dewey day celebration which
It If proposed to hold at Agricultural Park in
San Joss, and in repft- beg to «ay that the
request you proffer that the Southern Pacific
donate the transportation of a car to he at
tached to the train leaving San Francisco May
1 at 7 a. m., returning the same afternoon,
meets with my cordial assent.
The company will be both willing and pleased
to do this in the hope that It may help to
make the celebration In honor of the hero of
Manila as successful as you all hope it may
be. I am very glad you let us know about it.
I asked Mr. Kruttschnitt, our general man
ager. if there was any reason why we should
not accommodate cur numerous friends in San
Jose by granting this request, and he re
sponded, "By no means. The people of San
Jose have always been particularly friendly
with our company and I think we should all
be glad to show them this courtesy."
Mr. Kruttsehnltt now has the matter in
mind and will make the arrangement as you
desire. Very truly yours.
C. P. HUNTINGTON.
NAMED "OR STATE
LIBRARY POSITIONS 1
SACRAMENTO, April 18.— State Libra
rian James L. Gillls this afternoon made !
the appointments of persons who are to i
assist him in his office as follows: Chief'
deputy, Miss M. Eastman of Los Angeles; ;
deputy for law library, Thomas Fraser of ;
Placervllle; general deputy, Miss Sadie M.
Breen of San Francisco; cataloguer. Miss i
Clara Lemmon of Santa Rosa; stenog
rapher. Frank J. O'Brien of Sacramento; I
messenger, Frank Rhoads Jr. of Sacra- j
mento; cataloguers and historical Index ;
compilers, Miss Amy Hopkins of Sacra
mento. Miss Edith Cowden of San Fran
cisco. Miss Annie Campholl of Sacramento !
and Miss Eudora Garoutte of San Fran- |
Cisco.
DIPLOMATIC CHANGES.
WASHINGTON, April 18.— The follow- !
Ing important diplomatic changes have '
been anounced as the result of the Cabi- j
net meeting to-day:
W. W. Rockhill, now Minister to Greece,
has resigned that post. Arthur Sherburn
Hardy of New Hampshire, now Minister
to Persia, has been promoted to succeed :
.Mr. Rockhill.
William P. Lord, ex-Governor of Ore- ;
gon, has been appointed Minister to Per- i
sia,
The Hon. John N. Irwin of lowa, for
merly Governor of Arizona, has been ap
pointed Minister to Portugal to succeed j
Lawrence Townsend, transferred to Bel
glum in place of Bellamy Storrer, who
goes to Madrid.
The Pope Remains Well.
Special Cable to The <'a 11 ar.<l the New Ynrk
Herald. Copyrighted, l s :'9, by James Gor
don Bennett.
ROME, April IS.— Sunday's demonstra
tion at St. Peter's, out of which It is sought
in certain quarters to make political cap
ital, had nn ill effect on the Pope, who re
mains well and continues his daily au
diences.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Good beginnings Make
Good Endings.
This fickle month of (April,
the first of spring, begins
aright by cleansing Nature s
house of all impurities col-
lected during the winter
months. The same persisten-
cy should be shown by hu-
manity in cleansing the blood
with Hood's Sarsaparilla*
The same good results will be ob-
tained by all ages and both sexes.
Scrofula —"From a babe to 21 I was
afflicted with scrofula. It disappeared, but
at 37 it came on again, nearly a dozen
tumors forming on neck in two years.
Doctors gay? me up. but Hood's Sarsa-
parilla in three months put me in per-
fect health." GEORGE A. ZIRKLE.
School Teacher. Mount Horeb, Term.
Impure Vaccination —"Coming over
from England my boy joe was vaccinated
with impure matter. It produced scrofula
of virulent kind. Doctors gave him up
and he suffered agony until we heard
of Hood's Sarsaparilla. After one year
taking it. he became strong and healthy "
JOS. HARPER. Iron Worker, 230 Adeline
Btreet, Trenton, N. J.
Hood'e Pills cure liver Ills; the non-Irritating
and only cathartic to take with Hood"s Sarsa-
MRS. MURDOCK
LOSES A POINT
Dr. Sehorn's Testimony
Stricken Out.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WILLOWS. April IS.— When the Mur
dock note case was called this morn
ing Judge Pirkey announced that, after
having looked np authorities, ho had
decided the evidence of Dr. Sehorn
which he admitted last week, was Ir
relevant. He ordered that it be strjckei
from the records. Sehorn testified that
he had a conversation in March, 1894,
with Executor Burton of the Murdoi k
estate and that Burton had told him
that had William Murdock lived a week
longer the note would have been
settled.
After Judge Pirkey had instructed
the jury to pay no attention to the evi
dence of Dr. Sehorn the defense called
Morrison Bryan to impeach the evi
dence of H. A. Skiff, who testified that
he heard a. conversation between Mary
Helen Murdock and William Murdock,
wherein William Murdock admittl the
genuineness of the note. Bryan testi
fied that Skiff told him in I>>9s that he
had to go to California i<> testify in the
Murdock case, and that if his si-d" won
he (Skiff) would not have to work any
more.
General Barnes, in his cross-examina
tion, asked Skiff if he had made such
a Statement and Skiff denied ever hav
ing talked with Bryan about tho
Expert Kytka was on the stand all
day exhibiting photographs of the sig
natures of William Murdock and
demonstrating to the jury his idea of
how and why the note is a for*
After Kytka will come experts Ames,
Eisenschimme] an<i Hiikok. Then the
defense will attempt to prove that Wil
liam Murdock was at his home all day
on the day that the note was alleged
tn have been signed at Mrs. Murdock's
residence, twenty miles distant.
The defense has five Pinkerton de
tectives hero watching the jurors, who
are greatly disgusted at being
"spotted." One of the attorneys for the
defense created a sensation I
going to one of the most prominent citi
zens in the county and telling him if
he did not quit talking to a certain
juror he would be called up before the
court.
Mrs. (1. W. Freeman, mother of At
torney Freeman, one of the conns
the Murdock case, died this morning.
<"<mrt will adjourn at noon to-morrow
to attend the funeral.
f-3 TlflT 9 I KSr^^' § "This protection goes
iii PH ' Q w\ *~~ * *!) with every suit ;
I Wool IRBuy 00 wan * I
|i| /"V • 1 Bj fen Ss»^ *i§Nisi3 HO 1 *X. \ A- '
I <PrS IUBi free for one
The above tells the whole story
of those suits for $8.
The protection given you guar-
antees the quality of the cloth — it
conveys more than whole columns
describing the virtues of the suits.
The guarantee throws all the
responsibility upon vs — you run no
risk at all.
Did you ever buy clothing be-
fore and get such protection?
Doesn't it prove that you can
buy clothes here with an absolute
certainty of satisfaction?
Suppose you buy a suit; if you
are pleased — all right; if not — you
are out nothing, but we are — we
lose your good will. We surely don't
want that. .
Boys' Middy Suits
For boys from 3 to 8 years; colored collars and vests
(some plain); tastefully trimmed with soutache.
$2.45 a suit
S. N. WOOD & CO.,
718 Market St.
Country Orders Fillecl.
JAPANESE COMING
IN BY HUNDREDS
Arrival of Hordes of
Coolies.
Sceclal Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, April IS.— Japanese labor
ers are yet coming into the Northwest
by hundreds. The steamer (ilenogle,
arriving on Saturday, brought 200, <>f
hich 145 are being landed here. 1m-
Igrant Inspector Walker is being as
! in examining them by Special
upervisor Watchorn of Washington,
who has charge of immigrant inspec
tion work throughout the L'nited
States. Inspector Watchorn is making
ljis annual tour erf investigation, but
while here is looking closely into the
charges recently made by persons and
newspapers that the contract labor
laws apparently were being violated in
tiic importation of so many Japanese.
Mr. Watchora declared to-day that
the examination of immigrants was
conducted as rigidly at Northwestern
points as anywhere in the country. It
is done secretly here, as elsewhere, as
provided by the law and r<
governing immigrant inspection. Wat
chorn says he was partly responsible
for the passage of this law. li was
found iry, because otherwise
men endeavoring to import contra
would be enabled to cluster
around, and by signs and nods inter
fere with a just examination.
This statement has not wholly satis
fied members of labor organizai
and others, who feel that more Ftrin
rules should be applied, with the
I of decreasing Japanese immi
gration. These men claim that at the
nt rate the Japanese will
me as obnoxious as Chinese coolies.
They feel certain there la some connec
tion between this wholesale arrival of
Japanese and the fact that more than
ibcrers have been em
ployed during the past y ar as section
men on the Northern Pacific, the Ore
gon Railway and Navigatiun and the
n Short Line railroads. W. H.
Remington of Tacoma, formerly of Salt
Lake, is said to have contracts with
the railroads named whereby he re-
B a stipulated amount per day for
< ach Japanese laborer supplied. He, in
turn, hires them of Japanese agents at
a less iiguro.
• Th.^ railroads are said to be saving
considerable money by this peculiar
contract system, which was started a
year ago "when laborers were very
scarei tint -of the exodus to
ka and other mining fields.FOURTEEN VOTES
LOST TO QUAY
Opposition Centers on
Ben Jones.
. itch to The Call.
>;. April is. — Fourteen
from Senator Quay
I l allot for United 6
.'.;.!>■ Republicans and
:.. Magi c of Pltts-
J . votes for
Pittsburg.
k when the House Com
the President pro t> m.
era of the Senate." The
ent of the Senatorial
n ■ ■ ■!. The str< ngtb of the
»r Quay was to be
:. Nearly every member
t and those abseni were
was the excitement
order
isitors
ixmony of the proceedings,
ballot— the seventy-ninth of thi
J( nks
247. N- essary tp a
I the
: :
■ ment of Ihe ballot
I his action
■ x-fienator Quay
■
"I believe the Republican party is
greater than any man in it. The Repub
licans of Pennsylvania want a Senator
elected, and if one is not elected I am
t-atipiied it will mean an awful political
battle this fall and possible defeat. So
Inns as there was an earnest desire on the
l>art of Quay to be elected and there was
a hope of it I remained with him, but
when his henchmen started the cry of
'Quay or nobody,' 1 thought it was time
to make an effort to elect some good Re
publican. Quay is an impossibility and
he knows it. just as every other citizen of
Pennsylvania does.
- that
• ling a
the i
ullot and i
thei it will be
Durham, the
. ■ ■ fa
! don't believe more
iver to the
- ■
.ye us
innot expect
' s Senator.
idjourn at noon
chosen a
• entirely
t, and ht
■ ■ ■
■ where
SENATOR QUAY'S TRIAL.
■. • ■ The de-
Inning to-day in the trial
id n f the
Exp< it Ac» ■ >;old
mmonwealth's witness, was
linfi !::■' Of C 1
■ ■ • network ■
■- the prosecution from
broken bunk, tt-i:di:-.g to
: Quay's guilty participation
• • -il use of the batik's i
much shaken bj I
- i mpi ll< 't to mak
stioning ■)! i
:.. r practicii g at the i 1
■ i
tor Q
■
away or greatly modified by the
ommonwealth's own
Judge P.iddir'H ruling of yesterday had
th» effect of confirming testimony tending
to Bhow the existence of a conspiracy be
tween Quay, Huywood and Hopkins
tis charged in the indictment to the two
years ending November 17, 1898. Lawyer
Shields got from the witness the state
ment that if Hopkins had credited Quay's
account with amounts that i- longed there
the books would show that at the begin
ning of the alleged conspiracy, November
17, 18%, the Senator owed the bank only
$2T!O instead of over $70,000, as Is alleged.
Toward the dose of the day's proceed
ings Mr. Shields asked Goldsmith some
questions which indicated that the de
fense Is about to attempt to prove its
contention that Senator Quay was the
victim of Cashier Hopkins, who, they as
pert, used the name and account of the
Senator without the latter's knowledge to
cover his own juggling with the bank'
funds.
appears to hav<
ans, presumably to
; . as well as the nai ■ - nator
i putajilon ot' be
culator in the sto.-k market , and
nee is thai the <i>-.f<-uy- will at
iuay had no
knowledge whatever of the alleged loans
o:, his account.
Wb ■ Quay wai listening In
tently to • .11 of the
ram waa thrust Into hi a
hand containing the Information <>f the
inks at HarriHhurp. Th.
tor carefully adjusted his glasses and
read the dispatch. Then a half frown
< jiino over his features and his face
: from tij'- witness to the court
room window, out of which he s.-ized in a
mplative inarm- r for ?pv, ralminut<-s.
IN made no comm f those
1 be news the telegram
ed to hlrr..
LA POINTE-A-PITRE BURNING.
fp«?elal Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
ST. PIERRE MARTINIQUE. April
38.— News from Guadeloupe states th.it
city of La Pointe-a-Pltre ha.s been
burning Bin< c lasi midnight. The fire
! by riotous negroes in a race
war, which is still in progress-
GOOD CROPS AND
GOOD TIMES
CAME WITH RAIN
FA.CTS and figures gathered by
The Call through its correspond
ents throughout the State em
phasize the fact that 1899 is des
tined to be one of the prosperous
years in the history of California. Ffom
|y every county reports have been
received showing that the acreage in
grain and fruits Is greatly in excess of
that of last year, and the yield promises
to be much larger. Early in the season
the prospects in certain sections were
not of the brightest, but the rain came
am', grain and fruit took on new life.
Within the past month so favorable
have been the weather conditions that
of the counties report the grain
yield this year will be 200 per cent
greater than that of a year ago. In the
districts that have been under the
I of drought for several seasons
past the farmers now are preparing to
harvest an abundant yield and the
orchards are laden with a wealth of
fruit.
Significant in the returns are the
figures relating to the sugar-beet in
dustry. They prove that the farmers
■ :' California are beginning to realize
that there are large profits in the grow
ing of beets and are engaging in the
industry more extensively year by
The sugar output of California for 1899
gives promise of far ex< ding that pf
any other year since the farmers of
the State first turned their attention to
this branch of agriculture.
ALAMEDA COUNTY.
OAKLAND, April IS.— The outlook for
sugar beets Is first class and the acreage
i about - ! » per ceni increase. Grain
has aboul the same acreage and tin
ditlon Is perfect. , Alamrda Is not a grain
ty. Almonds are moderati ; peaches,
apricots and cherries very good. Owing
to poor crops last year the acreage has
not been Increased. The Increased yield
■ last year on all products is esti
.'.! 40 i" r cent.
SAN MATEO COUNTY.
REDWOOD CITY, April 18.— From re
ports received from differ i f the
county the fruit and grain crops will be
much greater this year than last. This
is especially true on this side of the
mountains. The acreage will be about
the same for all kijuis of pram and fruits.
There will be a full crop of oats, ■
and barley in the valley, where only a
third of a crop was raised last year. On
the coast th.- crops will be little if any
larger than they were a year aero. Very
little fruil . In this vail
at Woodside. where the yield will be large
and aboul the same aa 'ast year. <>n the
. as usual, there will be a large crop
a and potatoes.
«.
SANTA CLARA COUNTY.
SAX JOSE, April 18.— Santa Clara V -
ley will enjoy a bounteous yield of fruits
and grain thi~ year. There Is but a slight
increase in the acreage of trees over last
Present indications are the |
crop will be '. cry large- at li asl 30 ■
pounds over last year. The pea h
will b . v bile a year ago It
Apricots are light generally,
though good in a few localities.
black and white cherries will be light,
fine crop of pears and a
plum crop. The hay and grain crop
la looking fine and tlu late rain did im
mense good. There will bi an a
such as has not been had In
years, and the yield will be much larger
than last \ear.
SANTA CRUZ COUNTY.
SANTA CRUZ, April 18.— Santa Cruz
had ' xcefptionally g l crops last
The yield this year is not exp,-, •>.,-]
eel last year's, although prospects
■ ""I for grain, hay. fruit and sugar
There are considerable n< w bear
tpple orchards, but grain and other
fruit will not differ materially from last
year.
MONTEREY COUNTY.
SALINAS, April 18.— The planted arre
■•' all kinds of grain and fruit this
year is a material Increase over that of
while in sugar brets it has In
d many fold. No statistics are kept
ird to the main outpul of tin* coun
ty, but from reliable sources it is stated
the planted acreage is about a lift!; more
this year than last year. The crop fmm
nt outlook will be much greater
■• to 1 eets, th< re have been
Planted in this county about i 000 acr< -
mor< > his 3eason than last.
SAN LUIS OBISPO COUNTY.
SAX LUIS OBISPO, April 18.— Wheat In
the eastern section of the county, without
rain, will make a fair yield, with a little
more rain it will be very heavy. About 30
per cent Is the estimated Increase in the
acreage over last year. No estimate of
the yield can be made yet. Late sown
grain needs rni.n to bring it to maturity.
Barley will yield heavily on the coast
section without rain. Some late sown
may not rr.ake grain without rain, but
will make hay. A large increase in the
barley acreage is noted. Apricots have
been damaged in places by frost. Other
fruit is all right. The sugar beet acreago
is small.
SANTA BARBARA COUNTY.
SANTA BARBARA. April IS.— The acre
GETS A BASE ON
TERMINAL ISLAND
Clever Dea! Negotiated
by Huntingdon.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, April 18.— A transac
tion in real estate made public to-day
shows Collis P. Huntingdon has lost
none of his cunning. For many seasons
has the Southern Pacific cast covetous
eyes upon the growing passenger traffic
that the Terminal Railway enjoyed in
transporting thousands of visitors to
Terminal Island, a growing competitor
of Santa Monira. Terminal Island Is
a long; strip lying between San Pedro
Isay and Wilmington Lagoon, ea*t of
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 19, 1899.
age of this county the present year ox
ceeds that of las; by 90 per cent. Owing
to the establishment of the beet sugar
factory at Santa Maria the farmers in
that vicinity planted 2000 more acres to
beets than during the previous year. The
fruit crop, principally lemons, promises
an abundant yield. The drought of last
year deprived the farmersof a grain crop,
but this year it will exceed any within ten
years.
VENTURA COUNTY.
VENTURA, April 18.— The acreage of
barley is "0 per cent greater than last
season, with prospects for a yield four
times as large, or 130,000 bags. With an
additional inch of rain within ten days
it is estimated the crop will be 500,000
baps. There is but little wheat or corn.
The bean acreage is 50 per cent less. Apri
cots an- estimated at 5000 tons green fruit,
as against 3000 tons last season. Over
■ acres are devoted to beets, with
tons against ROOO tons last year.
More hay will be made this season than
ev< r before, and in the event of no rain
there will b< the greatest tonnage in the
history of the county.
SAN BENITO COUNTY.
HOLLJSTER, April IS.— This year's
acreage is the largest ever seeded In San
Benito County. The yield of barley will
be large. There is no wheat ami about
the average yield of hay. Crops need
rain badly. The increase of area in sugar
is 2000 acr< s. There will be a big
Frost killed a large percentage of
ai ricots iast night In irrigated orchards
the crop of fruit : .s immense, excepi aprt
ited lands will not produce
anything- Bavi almonds.
SAN BERNARDINO COUNTY.
SAN BERNARDINO, April T. — The
y and wheat acreage is about the
as last year. The ] rospects are bet
ter for a good crop on mosi grain lands,
as there was a heavy fall of March rain.
Early cherries were badly hurt by the
it later varieties will s leld
a heavy crop; last year they were a total
failure* Apples promise a large crop,
lied last year from frost.
The orange season closed practically last
Saturday with about three-fourths of the
usual crop. The orange trees are blos
ng much heavier than usual, hut the
test of the crop comes with the hot
er In May. causing fruit to fall.
Apricots vary with the locality. Some
orchards hang well; on others the fruit
is scattering on the trees. The crop will
be much larger than last year. Pi
and p. ars appear to be much more plen
tiful than last year. There is about the
eam< ■ f sugar beets, put the crop
promises to b< heavier. The water sup
lily is much less than last year, and con
siderable pumping will be dune to supply
;.cy.
SAN DIEGO COUNTY.
SAN DIEGO, April IS.— The acreago
sown to hay and grain this year was
:• than ever before, being about
double that of last year. The incn i -
about evenly distributed among the vari
ous kinds of grain. The yield last
was one-fourth of a crop, and this year
there will be half a crop. Owing to the
-h< last year very few fruit treeswere
lI hundred acres came into
bearing thia year, principally lemons.
__■ ♦ — _
SAN JOAQUIN COUNTY.
April 17.— San- Joaquin
County has at the present time between
450,000 and 500,000 acres in promising grain.
This i= an I increase In acreage
I ween 2.". and 30 per c< nt. > Jonsider
able new tule land has come under culti
vation and the summer fallowed land has
been replace I by early grain. An esti
as to the yield la hard to make at
thia time, but it will be heavy. Fruit is
doing well, but a few new orchards w< re
abandoned. B< t sugar has not made
. 1 1 1 (1 the acreage is prob
ably not o\ res. Many farmi i a
would have pui In beets this season, bur.
the promising outlook for grain caused
them to defer the experiment. Almond
Olive orchards are looking fine and
are a feature of this county's horticul
tural wealth.
STANISLAUS COUNTY.
Mi >DEST< >. A pril 17.— The acreage of ce
reals in Stanislaus County is 10 per cent
that of last year, and the yield will
i by 60 per cent that of last year.
The fruit crop will be Large, but the acre
la not materially Increased. Some
-hows need of moisture. Rye and
barley are generally headed out.
— <».
MADERA COUNTY.
JIADERA, April 18.— Over eighty thou
sand acres of wheat, thirty thousand of
barley and five thousand of hay were
sown this year. The Increase is 5 per cent
( ver last year. Two-thirds of this acreage
will return a full crop; the remainer half
There was no increase In the fruit
Raisins and other fruits arc In
good condition. The Increase of the grain
crop over that of last year will be 2lkj
]■■ v cent.
FRESNO COUNTY.
FRESNO, April X— According to the es
timates tif S. W. Marshall, president of the
Fresno County Board of Horticultural
Commissioners, and other well-known
fruit men the Increase In acreage for the
various kinds of fruit in this county tor
the present year Is about as follows:
}■• acnes, 700 acres; Bartlett pears, 350;
apricots. 100; citrus fruits, 160; nectarines,
BO; vines. 700; apples, 800. About 5000 acn -■
of wheal have been sown in excess of last
year's acreage and 3000 acres of barley. A
Pan Pedro. The Terminal Railroad
traverses it from end to end. It has
become a favorite beacb resort, affords
surf and quiet water, and is desirable
for bathing < r boating.
The Southern Pacific has long wanted
this result, but as the Terminal Rail
road owned the land on the island, ex
cepi a strip along the bay, there was
no opportunity for Huntington to ob
t.'iiii ;i foothold.
A year ;ik" the Catalina Yacht Club
obtained tfom the Terminal people by
deed of gift four lots fronting 100 feet
on the ocean, the club agreeing to use
thr> land for club purposes only. A
clubhouse was erected, which, owing to
the encroachments of the ocean, was
moved. Tin- club later purchased a
snip of land LOO feet wide, extending
from the lagoon opposite Wilmington
i" the railway. This ground was ob
tains! under the expressed stipulation
th;tt it was to he used for wharfage for
the club's b^ats and must be used by
the club exclusively. It has been ru
mored for some time that the club was
in financial d!ptr'--ss. it is stated that
this condition contributed to the suc
cess of th" deal co cleverly manipu
lated.
The entire landed interests of the
Catalina Yacht Club were yesterday
transferred for $5000 to N. J. Foster,
heavy acreage of Egyptian corn will be
planted this year. Beet growing is being
tried iSerely as an experiment, a few
acres being planted in various parts of
the county. The whole will aggregate not
more than 100 acres.
KINGS COUNTY.
HANFCVRD. April 18.— The acreage in
grain in Kings County this year is double
that of last year. It is thought the yield
will not be much greater, as the crop on
tlic lak" land is almost a failure. All
kinds of fruit show an enormous yield.
except .apricots, which were injured by
frost. Prunes, peaches and pears will
give a larger yield than last year. Raisins
promise an extraordinarily big yield.
TULARE COUNTY.
VIS ALT A, April 18.— The increased acre
age of grain in Tulare County over that
of last year is about 3000 acres: the in
creased acreage of fruit. 5550 acres, most
ly in peaches and prunes and citrus fruits.
No sugar beets are grown in this county.
The increased yield of fruit per acre over
list year will be 400 per cent, or about
ll!0o carloads.
KERN COUNTY.
BAKERSFIEL.D, April 18.—Conserva
tive judges place Kern's grain crop at
one-half. This takes in Irrigated and un
irrigated lands. The Kern County Land
Company, the largest growers, say ltd
acreage "is about 15 per ceni below last
year. Miller & Lux report 50 per cent less.
Unirrigated lands are about the same as
last year. On some dry land wheat is fair
and on some a total failure. Rain within
a few days would help late grain. The
fruit is the best it has been in several
years. The lange i 3 very line, and the
stork industry, the largest of all In Kern,
is prosperoua The fruit acreage is the
, as last year.
CONTRA COSTA COUNTY.
MARTINEZ. April IS.— The estimated
acreage of different kinds of grain can
not be had, but from reports from all sec
tions of the county the amount of grain
sown is very large, and the crops prom
ise to be the heaviest In many years. This
year hundreds of acres of fruit and vines
come into bearing. The sugar beet yield
will he double that of the previous year.
Every patch of .land in the county that
could be plowed Is in grain. It will be the
most prosperous season in recent years.
NAPA COUNTY.
NAI'A, April 17.— The Call correspond
ent Interviewed 11. M. Meacham, Kapa
County's As.se.sHor, as to the increased
.■•• <if cereals In the county. Mr.
Meacham said the grain acreage had
greatly increased this year. There was
no increase In sugar beets. All crops are
i:i excellent condition.
SONOMA COUNTY.
SANTA ROSA. April IS.— This promises
to be the best year in the blßtory of So
noma County. The actual acreage in cul
tivation last season was 861.22 L This year
it will easily reach the 900,000 mark. Con
servative estlmati s place the Increased
; rouge for the present season over that
of last as follows^, Jl:iy and grain.
oats, T^i; ba,rley, 2.">0; corn. 200; olives, 50;
apples, 2uo; apricots, 10; cherries, 15;
peaches, 250; pears, 50; prunes, 600; wal
nuts, 100. Roughly spt iikin". ii is thought
that taking everything Into consideration
the it In the number of acres
planted this year will exceed that of last
by about 10 per cent. Most of the new
apples ari oui In the neighbor
hot " "i' Fort Ross and the northern coast
sections. Considerable talk is heard re
garding the planting of sugar beets In the
neighborhood of Bloomfield and Valley
Ford, where potatoes have, been a great
Btaple heretofore. The raising of t
beets has never been undertaken exten
sively here, owing to the fact that no
market was available. It is believed that
the Increased yieid per acre over that of
last year can safely be placed at about 10
per cent, except in prunes. The approxi
mate acreage of the principal products
: in this county last year was as fol
lows: Wheat, 9000; "^i*. 7850; barley. 3100;
corn, 950; hay, 39,850; olives, 400; apples,
2000; apricots. 200; cherries, 860; peaches,
2500; pears, 1300; prunes, 57U0; walnuts, 400;
grapes, 14,000.
MARIN COUNTY.
SAN RAFAEL, April 18.— The potatoes
for which Marin County is famous are
likely soon to become a memory, as their
cultivation will be superseded by that of
BUgar beets. The soil and the climate in
the region 'if Tomales are especially fa
vorable to this important Industry, and
t lie farmers have been encouraged by the
sugar companies to begin the culture of
bei ta on a large scale. Owing to the re
ceni rains the grass crops throughout the
count v will be excellent this year and the
dairymen look for a good annual income
on their investments.
LAKE COUNTY.
I.AKEPORT. April 18.— According to a
conservative estimate the Increased acre
age in the fruits and cereals will be as
follows: Wheat. 5000: oats, con; barley,
2000; corn, 150; hay, 100. No new orchards
have been set out this year. About 700
acres of prunes have come into bearing
this year. There were splendid crops in
Lake County last year and the prospects
are excellent for a much larger yield this
year. ; ; ;
SACRAMENTO COUNTY.
SACRAMENTO, April is.— This year
Sacramento County will realize twice the
crop of last year in cereals. Sugar-beet
who is said to be acting for the South
•in Pacific. This win give that cor
poration the long-sought-for entrance.
Residents of thi- town denounce in
unmeasured terms the action of a small
element In the Yacht Club that aided in
engineering this deal. They propose
to contest the transfer with vigor, and
are confident Huntington will fail in
this scheme as ignomlniourty as he did
in the effort to drag the harbor away
.from San Pedro. The true inwardness
of the transaction crops out to-night,
as leading spirits of thi; yacht club de
clare that neither the question nor the
details of the sale were submitted to
the stockholders as a body and that
the action of the directors in sanction
ing the deal was irregular.
President J. M. Elliott of the First
National Bank, a member of the club,
says he has received no notice of the
transaction and that at the annual din
ner, held since the meeting at which
the sale is supposed to have been au
thorized, no mention was made of the
plan. F. K. Rule, also a stockholder,
denies having received notice of the
meeting.
While denials nre emphatic, it is as
serted the whole plan was skillfully
manipulated by attorneys, who. have
deftly handled the intricacies of the
situation and that nothing can prevent
growing has npt been fully exploited yet,
but the handsome profit of Samuel Lav
eneon in the culture of the beet in down
river lands has encouraged others to try
the experiment, with a certainty of suc
cess. George B. Katzenstein, manager
of the Earl Fruit Company and an au
thority on fruits, said to-night that this
year fully 200 additional acres of orange
trees will be planted, and 500 acres of de
ciduous fruits, pears, plums, apricots and
grapes. Cherries and apricots are some
what short, but the yield of other fruits
will be greatly in excess of last year. Re
cent continued rains set back some fruit
by washing out pollen, preventing fertil
ization, but other blossoms came out,
and. generally speaking, the prospects are
favorable for very large crops. The prin
cipal new acreage is in the line of citrus
fruits.
GLENN COUNTY.
WILLOWS, April 18.— The Call corre
spondent interviewed prominent farmers
from all sections of the county to-day,
and all said there never had been such
a j:ijod prospect for a full crop of wheat
and barley. There is no doubt that this
year's crop will be double that of last
year. Very few sections in this part of
the valley need rain, and a full crop is
assured. There is 50 per cent more acre
age this year than ever before.
YOLO COUNTY.
WOODLAND, April 18.— The increase in
fruit acreage is small. Crops ifery from
one-half to double the yield of last year.
There is a material increase in the wheat
acreage, due to the favorable season, in
both the uplands and the tule districts.
Tf Yolo County has. the usual spring show
ers the yield will be doubled. The alfalfa
crop is very large. There are no sugar
beets in this county.
SHASTA COUNTY.
REDDING. April 18.— The increased
acreage in, Shasta County over that of
last year will cut but little figure. This
county does not begin to raise enough of
any one staple, to supply the home mar
ket, as thousands of tons of hay, grain,
flour and potatoes are annually Imported.
SUTTER COUNTY.
YUBA CITY, April IS.— The crop pros
pects for Sutter County were never more
encouraging. Pears, cherries, apricots
and almonds will almost equal a full crop.
I 'caches will reach the average", as will
other varieties of fruit. The summer fal
low crops arc doing splendidly. Winter
sown grain and wheat are in need of rain,
as the ground seems hard on top. al
though finite moist below the surfacfe.
TEHAMA COUNTY-
RED BLUFF, April 18.— Fruit and grain
prospects in Tehama County could not be
1 < tter at this time. The acreage of fruit
will be about the same as last year, while
that of grain probably will be 20 per cent
less. The yield of grain will be from 50 to
100 per cent greater than last year.
YUBA COUNTY.
MARYSVII.I.K. April 18.— In Yuba
County, where the crops never fail, there
will not be a notabje increase in the
acreage this year. This Is owing to the
fact that the season of ISPS, following
a comparatively poor year In 1897, found
every available piece of soil in the county
tilled in one way <>r another. LasJ Beasor
the acreage sown to wheat, barley and
oats was in round numbers 43.000, 15.000 and
4111M1. respectively. As to the Increased
yield per acre, it is yet too early to make
an estimate. There will be very little
difference. Pears and almonds are in
clined to be poor, but other fruits will be
above the average. There are no sugar
In Yuba.
BUTTE COUNTY.
OROVILLB, April IS.— The incrensed
piain acreage in Butte County over last
year is over 25 to 30 per cent. This holds
true of both wheat and barley. There is
not over 5 per cent increase in the acre
age of fruit — that is. new fruit coming
into bearing. The crop of all kinds of
deciduous fruits, except apricots, will be
from 25 to 40 per cent greater than last
year. The orange trees are heavily laden
v.ith bloom this spring, but it is too early
t < > tell how the crop of oranges and olives
will come out The hay crop will be con-
Bid* rably greater than last season.
»
SIERRA COUNTY.
STEIUIAVILLE. April IS.— Last year
Sierra Valley produced 80,000 bushels of
grain, principally barley. This year, with
a slight increase of perhaps 1000 acres, the
output may reach 130,000 bushels. The
principal crop. In this valley is hay. From
present indications the hay crop will not
exceed that of last year, as there is but
little snow on the mountains and there
will be a shortage of water f>>r irrigation.
EL DORADO COUNTY.
PLACKRVILJ/E, April 18.— There is a
greatly increased acreage In grain in this
county this year. There are excellent
prospects for a heavy crop, principally
oats and barley. Nearly all will be cut
for hay. Owing to the destruction of the
El Dorado flouring mills by fire but little
grain will be harvested. There is every
indication of a splendid fruit crop.
PLACER COUNTY.
AUBURN, April 18.— That Placer Coun
ty believes in itself and the business out
look of the future cannot be better at
tested than by the fact that the nurseries'
Collis P. Huntington obtaining a foot-
In ild un Terminal Island.
SAN RAFAEL'S MARRIAGE
BUREAU IN A. FUROR
SAX RAFAEL, April 18.— The little 1
bronze cupid on County Clerk Graham's
desk tumbled off its perch and lost its
hi ad completely to-day, speaking in a
Strictly literal sense, as the result of a
long-expected passage at arms between
Justice George Rodden and City Recorder
Edwin Gardner. For many moons these
dignified wearers of the ermine have been
at daggers' points over the right of
Gardner to officiate at marriage ceremo
nies. The quarrel culminated to-day in
a personal encounter, which, for a brief
period, threw the courthouse into an up
roar.
George Trenouth of Mission San Jose
procured a license to marry Miss Mamie
Bolton of the same place, and Gardner
was to officiate at the nuptials. Rodden
came into the Clerk's office in time to ex
postulate and explain to the intended
groom that the marriage would be illegal.
He Bna.tch.ed the marriage certificate and
In so doing caused woe Cupid's downfall.
Hot words passed between the two.
Gardner rushed upstairs to consult Dis
trict Attorney Hcls&ac, closely followed
by Rodden. As Gardner entered the
stock of fruit trees is exhausted this ♦
early in the season. Peaches seemed to i>
be most in demand. It is estimated that i
1000 acres of new orchards have been J
planted, mostly in small lots. As to grain. -^
the acreage will fall considerably below f
that of last year, as nearly half is volun- f
teer. Last season there was about 20,000 4>
acres of wheat. Barley and oats cut a I
small figure in this county. T
• 4
NEVADA COUNTY. t
NEVADA, April 18.— This year's In- 1
crease In the acreage of wheat and oats I
planted In Nevada County ■will not ex
oeed last year's by over 10 per cent.
Present indications are the yield per acre
in tlii-se grains, as well as corn and bar
ley, will be about the largest ever known
in the county, and not less than 50 per
cent greater than last year's. One or two
warm rainstorms within a fortnight
would insure phenomenal returns. Enor
are assured, provided no Late killing
frosts come.
PLUMAS COUNTY.
QUINCT, April 18.— Plumas County has
a slight increase in the acreage of wheat,
oats and barley. Crops promise to be one
half larger than last year.
MODOC COUNTY.
ALTURAS. April IS.— The present
season promises to surpass all previous
ones in the acreage and yield of grain.
Careful estimates place the increased
acreage at 20 per cent over last year. Tha
prine.pal increase will be In wheat and
barley. Fruit promises a large yield, es
pecially in apples, pears, prunes and
plums. The weather is warm, with an
occasional shower, and vegttation is
growing rapidly.
LASSEN COUNTY.
SUSANVILLE, April 18.-There has
been no appreciable increase in the acre
age sown to wheat in Lassen County this
year, but present indications point to
rather more than an average yield. Sugar
beets are grown only as a farm crop and
seem to be growing in favor as food for
stock. Some small orchards have been
planted, compensating for the loss
through death and disease of old trees.
The grass and hay crops are looking well,
and in Honey Lake and Big valleys the
acreage sown to alfalfa has been in
creased 200 acres or more.
— J-
AMADOR COUNTY.
JACKSOX, April 17.— The increased
acreage in Amador County is from 10 to
13 per cent. The yield will exceed last
year's as follows: Barley, 50 per cent;
wheat, 36; hay, 50: peaches, 65: pears, 20;
apples 25; prunes. 30: grapes, 25; potatoes,
■10. This estimate is subject to the usual
.spring rains and light frosts.
MENDOCINO COUNTY.
URIAH, April 17.— Taking into consid
eration the fact that what have hereto
fore been hop fields will in several in
stances be planted in grain, and grain
fields in fruit, the acreage in all kinds of
grain this year will be about the same as
last year. Owing to bounteous rains the
acreage will yield probably 15 per cent
better than last year.
SOLANO COUNTY.
SUISUN, April 18.— The acreage of
grain sown this year is the greatest in
the history of Solano County, and all
kinds, with the exception of some in
i>lh :ea that was seeded late, is looking
most promising. From present indi
cations summer fallowed wheat will yield
from nine to twelve sacks per acre,
against four to seven last year, with
more than double the acreage. There will
be an unusual crop of hay. Barley al
ready is heading out. Present indications
point to a large crop of pears, peaches
and almonds. The yield of other varie
ties of fruit will be much smaller than
last year. Cherries are very short.
There will be the largest crop of almonds
in several years.
HUMBOLDT COUNTY.
EUREKA, April 18.— The acreage is
about the same as last year. There will
be a probable Increase in oats of 10 per
cent. Fruit promises well, principally ap
ples for export. The increase over last
season, if any, will be in new bearing or
chards. Weather conditions here almost
uniformly insure average crops. There is
always plenty of rain. Feed is particular
ly good.
CALAVERAS COUNTY.
SAX ANDREAS, April 17.— With the ex
pectatlon of April showers Calaveras
County will give to the State a greatly in
creased production in grain and hay. The
late rains have brightened the prospects.
Most of the grain will be cut for hay.
Apples, peaches, grapes and almonds look
promising. No sugar beets are raised here.
The acreage will be about double that
of last year.
DEL NORTE COUNTY.
CRESCKNT CITY. April 18. — This
county is not important in grain or
fruit products. None are raised for ox
port. The crop'prospects are better than
last year.
MONO COUNTY.
BODIE, April IS.— Crops in Mono County
will be entirely up to the standard. The
acreage has had little or no increase. The
sugar beet crop will be about the same as
hist year. Owing to the large quantity of
snow in the mountains the grain and po
tato crop will be larger than usual.
doorway the Justice grasped his arm and
was savagely hurled to one side. Both
men struck a fighting attitude, but Mc-
Isaac rushed between and induced them
to enter separate apartments.
Tn the meantime Miss Bolton had quit
ted the scene and gone to Rev, Father
Lagan for advice. His opinion \v;is
against Gardner, but the girl refused to
permit Rodden to officiate after what she
had witnessed and induced Trenouth to
return to San Francisco without the mar
riage taking place. She announced her
Intention to return to Sausalito with the
prospective groom to-morrow and be
united by Justice Bellrude.
JAIL-BREAK FRUSTRATED.
Two Prisoners Remove Bricks From
the Wall of Their Cell.
SANTA BARBARA. April IS.-Rurt
Huntington. a Federal prisoner, and
Francis Cola, the cattle thief now serv
ing a sentence at the County Jail, at
tempted to liberate themselves this morn
ing by removing a number of bricks from
the walls of their cell. The tools they
used were a spike and a jackknife. They
had succeeded in making a hole about
eight inches deep before Sheriff BteWaH
detected them. Huntington was arrested
at San Diego for passing counterfeit
money. Both will be sent to San Quen
tin.
PASSENGER TRAIN
JUMPS THE TRUCK
Railway Disaster Near
Niles.
Special Dispatoh to The Call.
NILES, April 18.— Train No. 32, with
the overland passengers from Sacra
mento and southern points, in charge
of Conductor McEntyre, Engineer
Ahean and Fireman Thompson, jumped
the track two miles east of Midway
at 1:25 o'clock this afternoon. No lives
were lost, but the trainmen had a mar
vflous escape.
The tender left the rails on an up
hrtl curve while running at a rate of
thirty miles an hour. The air-hose was
cut and the engineer could not control
the train. It ran its length before
stopping and dragged the mail car off.
The tender was demolished and the
fireman's escape seems almost incredi
ble. He was with Engineer Harry Hub
bard when the latter was killed in Alta
mont tunnel, four years ago, and be
lieves that he bears a charmed life.
The passenger coaches and mail car
of the wrecked train were taken back
to Tracy and sent in via Mardnez.
The San Jose local, which connects
with this train at Niles, was run to
Livermore as extra, returning to Niles
to connect with the 4:30 local. The in
coming evening Stockton train with
the southern coast passengers was sent
via Martinez, connecting at the Oak
land pier with the last Haywards local,
which ran to San Jose as an extra. The
out-going Stockton train leaving tha
pier at 5 o'clock with all east-of-Liver
more passengers, was sent via Marti
nez, •while an extra was made up to
carry the local passengers to Liver
more. This returned as a local later
in the evening.
The wrecking crew reported the track
clear at 9:15 to-night and returned to
Oakland.
LIQUOR FAMINE
ON THE YUKON
Consignments Stopped
at Skaguay.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SKAGUAY, Afjril 14, via Seattle,
April 18.— The action of Deputy United
States 'Collector of Custums Andrews
in holding all liquors for the interior
here and refusing to forward them by
convoys so long as the Canadian offi
cials insist on stopping- American offi
cers at the summit has caused an ac
cumulation in the bonded warehouse
until to-day there' are nearly one hun
dred tons of liquors of all kinds await
ing the action of the Secretary of the
Interior on Mr. Andrews' letter asking
for instructions. In the meantime a
liquor famine is threatened at Atlin,
Log Cabin and Bennett, and smugglers
are making big money by getting past
the American customs officers.
There is a strained feeling toward the
Canadian officials as the result of their
arbitrary assumption of the summit as
the boundary line, and it would not
take much to create ah open demon
stration and a resort to arms should
the Canadians attempt further en
croachment on American territory.
While there was no truth in the report
ed battle between miners and mounted
police on the boundary line in the
Porcupine district, it is said a forward
movement was contemplated by the
Canadians and all arrangements had
been perfected to move the boundary
line far enough toward the coast to em
brace the rich diggings of the Porcu
pine River.
The miners there, numbering about
700, had a few determined leaders.
Word was sent to the mounted police
that their attempt to encroach on
American territory would result in
bloodshed. As the Americans are in
the majority the Canadians reconsid
ered their intention.
A corresponding move from the sum
mit to Skaguay was planned and it is
the knowledge of these contemplated
movements th:.t has aroused a feeling
of antagonism here against the Cana
dians that will yet resuit in serious
trouble if the boundary question be not
settled soon. Every American here
feels that he has been neglected and
left unprotected by the Government at
Washington and this has added to the
bitterness of feeling, which was inten
sified to a dangerous point when the
news came that the Government con
templated giving the Canadians a port
in Lynn canal.
Water Wori for Lakeport.
LAKEPORT. April IS.— The Board of
Town Trustees of Lakeport last night
awarded a contract for puttilng in a mu
nicipal water works system to James
Standford of Oakland lor $13,591 25. Work
■will commence immediately.
34
ANDREE'S BALLOON
NOT DISCOVERED
Report of the Fading of the
Explorer's Body iQ Siberia
Was a H° ax -
• NEW YORK. April 18.— A Sun cable from Stockholm says: Dr. Mar- •
& tin. who recently started to search in Siberia for Explorer Andree and £
8 his companions, "on the strength of an alleged report from a well-known „•
ft hunter of the name of Ljalen that he had found a balloon with, three O ,
' : ; bodies lying by its side in the primeval forests of South Yenesei, has % ,
$ informed Dr. Nordenskjo-ld by telegraph that the story of the discovery '.5 ,
♦ f was a joke perpetrated by an uneducated miner. &
s O
••SO%OSOSO?:O % O *i C«W!0?!OSOK08 SOWSSO'^ % O 88 0'iO%O%O!;0?;0S
MAY HEMPSTEAD
STILL UNBEATEN
Captures the Tennessee
Derby.
Special Pispat-h to The Call.
MEMPHIS. April 18.— Under fair
skies and on a fast track Messrs. Hed
ley and Norton's unbeaten mare, May
Hempstead. won the Tennessee Derby
at Montgomery Park this afternoon in
a gallop from Chancery and Leo Plan
ter. The gallant daughter of Patron-
Lily Hempstead was -a decided favorite
in the betting. Perhaps the largest
attendance ever known at Montgomery
Park gathered to see the race and at
4 o'clock, just before the Derby field
went to the post, it was estimated that
fully 15.000 persons were present. In
last' night's entries only three horses
were carded to start, but at the last
moment Chancery was added, iking
a field of four to contest for the rich
prize.
The horses were started promptly,
with May Hempstead live lengths to
the rear. The little mare immediately
raced to the front and never re
linquished her lead. Turner held her
in gentle restraint all down the back
stretch and won without effort by three
lengths. The fight for second money
was a spirited one, Chancery, well rid
den-by T. Murphy, beating Leo Planter
a nose for that position. The Kentuck
ian the second choice, was never prom
inent. The gross value of the Derby
was $7060. of which the winner received
$6310, the second horse $500 and the
third ?250.
In the third race owner and jockey
McCafferty had his first mount for
many months, riding his horse Dr. Rid
dle to an easy victory. Results:
Four furlongs— Silver Fizz won. Belle of
Orleans second. May Dine third. Time,
:rO'A.
Six furlongs— Algol won. Primate sec
ond. Be True third. Time. 1:15.
Foul and a half furlongs, selling, two
year-olds—Dr. Riddle won. The Monk sec
ond. Tommy O'Brien third. Time. :57.
Mile and an eighth. Tennessee Derby-
May Hempstead, 117 (Turner*. 1 to 2. won;
Chancery, 122 T. Murphy), 50 to 1 and
8 to 1, second: Lee Planter, 122 (T. Burns),
5 to 1. third. Time. 1:57%. The Ke.ntuek
ian also ran.
Seven furlongs— Timemaker won, HlKh
Jinks second. Alleviate third; Time, I:3lV*.
One mile, selling— Wilson won, Tenby
t-econd. Eva Rice third. Time. 1:43%.
CINCINNATI, April 18.— The judges at
Newport to-day suspended payment of
bets on Mamie Lou In the first race until
the filly could he properly identified.
Mamie Lou was backed down from £0 to
1 to 5 to 1 at the track. She won in a
hard drive. A.fter the third race bets on
the filly were ordered paid. She was
identified by several well-known horse
men who had seen her race at New Or
leans and Tampa last winter. Weather
cloudy; track fast. Results:
Five and a half furlongs, Belling. Mamie
Lou won, Jiineatte second, Ethel Davis
third. Time. l:08>*.
Four and a half furlongs, Indian won,
Curtis second, Russell R third. Time,
:55%-
Five and a half furlongs, selling. Kll.i
Penzance won. Lela Murray second. Mad
Anthony third. Time. 1:09.
One mile and fifty " yards, Julia Hazel
won Vanessa second. Domestic third.
Time, 1:46H:
Four furloiiETS, Kfllinsr, Miss Shanl-ey
J>^ NOTE
fitipH THE
3^4^ NUMBERS,
JAi^V what
/4\\^ l j DO
mfe. s l they
"^^Tef SIGNIFY ? •
MAN OR WOMAN MAY PRESENT A
hale, hearty appearance, and yet behind |
all this disease may be slowly and surely mak-
ing. Inroads upon the constitution. Attain, man
or woman may present a healthy exterior, and
yet be compelled to endure groat suffering:.
Rheumatism is the disease that works its
way insidiously into the human system. It
spares neither the rich nor the poor. It may
attack the strong as well as the w»ak. Woman
must suffer as well as man. The pain may bo
slight or It may ha severe. It may be confined !
to the shoulder 'Fig. 1). the back (Fig 3), the
hip*- 'Fig. 4), or the extremities (Figs. 5-6).
Again, it may affect the Joints only, or the
muscles only. The heart (Fig. 2) sooner or
later becomes affected in all cases, a d thus
may be seen the importance of proper treatment
Jußt as Boon as possible. It ia very necessary
to relieve the pain and suffering, hut It is more
necessary to counteract and expel from the
system those irritating acids that are the dl-
rect cause of this disease, and that finally re-
sult In serious heart lesions.
Hudyan will relieve the pain by neutralizing
the acldß and expelling them from the blood.
Thus Hudyan will prevent and cure rheuma-
l\tm and heart disease as well.
These acids must be expelled- throujrh the
kidneys and pores of the skin. The great Hud-
yan remedy will strengthen and Increase the
activity of the kidneys for this extra work, and
will also stimulate the general circulation and
open the pores, so the rheumatic virus may
pass away throunrh both these channels. In the
ourse of rheumatic disease complications very
often arise, such as Stomach troubles, Nervous
dineasp. Liver or Kidney diseases. We have
already made mention of the Heart complica-
tion. Hii'lv.m, by means of Its peculiar cura-
tive powers, reaches every nerve and fiber In
the human organism, therefore it will cure
these complications as well.
You need not suffer from rheumatism, for
Hudyan in the infallible remedy. Come to pur.
offices and read the testimony of those who
have been cured by Hudyan. There Is no bet-
ter evidence than that of people who have been
cured.
Hudyan is for sale by druggists, or it will be
tent direct, upon receipt of price— a pack-
age, or six packages for $2 60.
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Cor. Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAU.
You have the privilege of con-
sulting the Hudyan Doctors about
your case, free of charge. Call
or write.
won. ' cond, Nettie Regent third.
■
• and fifty yards, selling
Nell won. Official second. Can I Se.e "Em
third. Tin
NEW YORK. April IR.— Results at
Aqueduct:
Five and a half furlongs, selling, Za
, none won. Country Dance second, Tender
third. Time. 1:0$ 4-5.
Four and a half furlong?, Amazon won.
Star Chime second. I ■ Ville third.
n f'irlnnps. selllnp. St. Lorenzo won.
' :■ rger third.
Time. 1:27 3-5.
mile and seventy yard'-. Blue A.way
won, Rotterdam second, Fre< Lance
third. Tiny. I :4S 1-5.
Four and a half furlongs, selling:, Lau
won, CaJles second. Merretty third.
Time, :8714.
• yen furlongs, selling. Brisk
second. Wolfhurst third.
BEAN-EATERS FALL
BEFORE BROOKLYN
Baltimore Wins a Remarkable Game,
Scoring Eight Runs in the
Ninth Inning.
Club— .\v. L. Pc. I Club— \V. L. To.
Raltimore 3 0 I.ooo ' Cincinnati 2 2 .500
?t. Louis 2 0 l.roo' PiUFburg . . 1 2 .."33 I
Philadelphia . 3 1 .750 Boston 1 2 .33:! |
"hicaco .Pi 1 .750 (Vashlngton ..13 .250 '
Brooklyn 2 1 BM <■•". York . 0 3 .000 j
Louisville ....1 ] .500 Cleveland ....0 2 .000
NEW YORK. April 18..— The Brooklyn* |
and Bostons wound up their series at \
Brooklyn to-day in a slugging match, i
Hanlon'a men winning by 1! to 7. Hughes
and Klobedanz were both ineffective. The !
latter showed a lack of knowledge of the !
new balk rule. Tenney was fined $:> for'
kicking. The visitors had three men on !
bases in the ninth, but were blanked. At
tendance, 6094. Score:
Clubs— r. H. E.
Brooklyn 11 1 ! 3
Boston 7 12 2
Batteries— Hughes and Smith; Klobedanz ami
Clarke. Umpires— Gaffriey and Andrews.
WASHINGTON, April IS.— The Senators >
turned over a new leaf in the opening j
game in this city, and by hard and op- '
portune batting took the game from their
erstwhile conquerors. Frazer let down .
in the fifth inning, and hits for five bases
and his error allowed the home team to
tie the score. The Phillies sacrificed well,
but could not hit consecutively. Attend
ance. 5000. Score:
Clubs— R. 11. v. !
Washlncton 6 9 3!
Philadelphia 4 - 1 !
r.attcries=— Weyhlng arid McGuire: Frazer and
McFarland. Umpires Emslie and Betts.
CINCINNATI, ' April 18. — "Noodle"
Hahn's first game in the league was a
victory. The youngster was very wild,
but effective at critical stages. Mcßride i
again distinguished himself in right field
by throwing a man out at the plate. Most ;
of the game was played in a drizzVe. At
tendance,'' 1800, Score: ■■■■"?
Club,- R. H. i:.
Cincinnati 7 S 2
Plttsnurg 5 S '3
Batteries— Halm and Peltz: Rhines and
Schriver. Umpires— Swartwood and Wan
BALTIMORE, April 18.— The two teams
to-day showed an absolute reversal of
form from the game of yesterday. The !
Giants were keyed up to' the top notch; I
while the Orioles appeared to be, over- ;
trained and nervous. With the score at |
4 to 0 against them, a shut-out was pre- ;
dieted when the home team went to the
bat in th« ninth inning. Three singles In !
Buccession rattled Carrick and he forced
two runners across the plate with bases i
on balls. Two two-baggers and a sacri- i
flee netted Baltimore eight runs and gave '
them the third straight victory over New ;
York. Attendance, 1053. Score:
ClU> H. H. X
Haitlnvire s 10 3
New York ■ 4 8 0
Batteries— McGlnty and Robinson: Carrick
and Warner. Umpires— Hunt and Connolly.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Patents, Pensions, Postoffice Changes
and Army Orders.
WASHINGTON, April 18.- Pacific •
patents were granted to-day as follows:
California— Arthur E. Elliott. Modesto, vehi
de wheel: Edward Beer, San Francisco, toy;
C. A. Halverson, Los Angeles, combined dish
strainer and collander; George C. Hartln,
Stockton, car coupling; Andrew Hunter, San
Francisco, and C. Gustefson, Oakland, auto
matic station indicator for railway cars: O.
W. Lorber, Pomona, machine for tronine edRC.s
of and forming collars and cuffp; Rudolphus
Peet, Escondido, combined clod crusher, leveler
and cultivator; Samuel M. Suman. Riverside,
water lilter.
Oregon— Oren Puberts, Newport, wind wheel;
John W. Smith. Portland, folding lantern .
Washington— Louis K. Hong, Parkland, wind
mill.
By direction of the Assistant Secretary
of War. Private Patrick J. Bolland,
Fourth United Stai Cavalry, Presidio
of San Francisco, is discharged without
honor.
By direction of the Assistant Secre
tary of War. Private Frank B. Lichtene
walder, Company M. Third United States
Infantry, Presidio of San Francisco, will
be discharged from the service" of the
United States on receipt of his descriptive
list by the commanding; onlcer of that
post.
M. K. Perry was to-day appointed Post
master at Omo Ranch, El Dorado County,
<';ii.. vice E. H. Perry, deceased, and M.
S. Carrlzosa, at \orha, Orange County,
vice E. R. Peralta, resigned.
Pension for Californians— Original-
Charles Blake, Marlposa, $*: Lysander
Washburn, San Francisco, $8: William
Tlchert, San Francisco. $0. Additional-
David Parkhurst, Vcra. $4 to $10. In
—Samuel Ferrel, Anaheim. 16 to
$17; James Gould. Los Gatos, $X to $10;
Frank Butler, Yorba, $t5 to $S: Jacob
Grimm, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $6
to $10.
Washington— lncrease— Leonard Pursell,
St. John, $12 to $17. Reissue— Joseph Hurd,
Port Townsend, $12.
STANFORD'S COMMENCEMENT.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April IS.—
meeting of the senior class, held in
th« rhapd this afternoon, flnal an.
merits for commencement week were com
pleted. Following is the programme
•• '1 :
Friday nißht, May IH-Rrcepticn to seniors
- . f th» class in Encina Hall
! ■ L;; i tl . ulty-senlor hapehall game,
1" v M, . ; , nn.-ert by musical clubs in Assemhly
f:SO p in.
SumlHy -f!accalaurpatp Formnn b>' <"harlfs H
kkland, 11 a. m.; i\y planting;, ■: p.
m.: V H C. A. and Y. W. C. A exercises In
the < hai •■!. ', :v< p. m.
■ia»s rlay rxercis^s in Asnemhly
Hall, 10 a n..: dedication of tho class plate in
the quad, 11:10 a. m : farce in Assembly Hall
p. m.; ball, Enclna Hall, I p. m.
Tuea meeting »f Alumni Asso
n, 10 M a. m.: luncheon nf Alumni, noon;
promenade •■ mcerf In quad, 8 p m.
Wednesday Presentation nf diplomas, Assem-
Wy Hall, : " b m.
The senior farce has beeen written by
\v. H. Irwin -:,,v i, is expected that it
will be the best farce .ever pn-svnted at
Stanford.
Injured by a Fall.
WOODLAND, April ls.-Thoma* Barnes,
an nlfl resident of Woodland, 7s yean <>f
:\n>-. WI while attempting to K<-t up from
the table yesterday, sustaining a fracture
..f the hip near the joint He refu
submit to treatment. Me is mentally
; weak, and a couple of years ago at
> tempted to end his life by cutting his
I throat. Under these ""onditions his chances
I for recovery are very doubtful.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 19, 1899.
A MAGNIFICENT
NEW HOME FOR
THE THESPIANS
C. J. Behlow to Build
a Theater.
FRIEDLANDER TO BE LESSEE
CONTRACT SIGNED AND WORK
WILL BE RUSHED.
Structure Will Represent an Invest
ment of $400,000 and Will Be
Located on Geary Street Op
posite Union Square.
San Francisco is to have a new play
house, to COSI 1300,000. It is to be a model
of Its kind, a magnificent structure arehi
rally, equipped with every improve
wlth acoustic properties second to
none in the United States, centrally lo
and under the management of Sam
Friedlander. The m-w theater, which will
tiled the Academy of Music is to be
ted on Geary street, near Powell, op
i Union P. irk. and will be thrown
open to the public early next fall. The
building will he a six-story structure,
with a frontage of 90 feet <<n Geary street
and exti nding back 137 feet, and will be
built by Charles J. Behlow.
The contract was signed yesterday by
the parties named, by the terms of which
■ tire building { s to be '.eased tv Mr.
Friedlander tor a term of ten years, with
a privilege of renewal at the expiration
of that time for a similar period. The
plans for the building have not been defi
nitely decided upon, and it Is probable
that in architect, an expert in theater
truction, will come from the East to
take charge of this Important branch of
the work.
The general plan of the new theater has
iipt-ii outlined, however. The first two
stories and the basement are i
pled by the theater, and th, upper I
will lie used as offices and quarters will
be prepan <i for one or more of the bi^;
clubs of the pity. It will be a substantial
structure of brick, Stone and iron, and:
when completed will, together with the
land, represent an Investment of over
(400,000. Negotiations between Messrs.
v and Friedlander have been under
way for some tima and matters have been
■ such shape by the signing of the
rday that the new play-:
house is a certainty.
Work on til-' building will be begun just ■
as soon as the plans ran b< pr< pi ;•> d and
the other necessary preliminaries can be
ted. The theater will have a seat-
Lpaclty of 1900, which will make it
- . s; in the city. accommo-
M 500 more than either nhe Co
lumbl r'nla, and exceeded in ca
pacity only by the Grand Opera-house.
The location is regarded as one of the
that could have been Bejected for
the purpose.
THE THEATERS
Columbia.
The Rnpt<-.niaiis sang "Rob Roy" In the
Columbia for the last time L&st ni^ht.
"The Berei eg Iven on Thurs
day night instead of the Scotch piece, as
previously announced. "The Serenade"
is worth b dozen "Rob Roys." It will also
[ght and Friday night.
■: Hood ' makes out the rest of the
week, which la the n'fth and last of the
. _■ in. i:t. Roland Reed follows in
"The Wrong Mr. Wright."
Tiv
Th<- French vaudeville ■ "The
Little Trooper," was presented at the Tiv
oll Opera House Monday night. 11 Is an
adaptation from the French by Clay M.
d the music, which is tuneful
and catchy, is by William Furst and Vic
tor Roger. The flirtations of the officers
i • a Hussar regiment during the time of
; with the saleswomen of a
millinery establishment, and a simple plot
evolved out of the lack of moral couragi
■carried officers to declare
mment of his love for the pro
cess of the establishment form
plentj of amusement The cast comprised
Myers as the little trooper; Anna
Lichter as th< proprietress of the milli
nery establishment; Berniee. Holmes as
her forewoman, and Edwin Stevens, Wil
liam Pru tte, Phil Branson, Charles W.\
Swain and William Schuster as officers of
! lus Bars.
Grand Opera- House
The Southwell Opera Company met with
the greatest success of its season Mon
day night at the Grand In "Ermlnie." The
production was elaborate and the scenery
and costumes were novel and picturesque.
All the principals appeared together for
the first time, making the cast the St
. yet presented. Miss, Edith Mason
was a charming Erminie and carried off
tli.- chief musical honors. She was en
cored three times for her lullaby in the
d act. Thomas H. Persse sang the
I f Eugene admirably, and William
Wolff and Arthur WooleV made hits re
spectively as Ravenee and "Caddy." The
Her de Brabon showed Mlro Dela
matta to greater advantage than any
thing he "had hitherto been seen in. Hattie
Ladd Bcored as Javotte and Eleanor
Gulstl was a very dainty and attractive
• '.j;.T.tii. le Launey. The chorus acquit
ted Itself excellently, and it seemed as
• audience would never tire of the
gavotte in the second act so often was it
manded.
Olympia.
The bill at the Olympi.-i served to r>n<-k
the house to overflowing last night.
Taken us a whole th" programme is an |
extra good one.
Alcazar.
"A Bad Lot" at the Alrazar is not in- !
aptly ii!imoii as it is produced by the i
stock company— and the prompter— this !
we <k. The farce is from the French
by Harry and Edward Paul ton, hut the*-*
who witnessed the opening: performanct
were under the impression that it was
from a grab-bag. The members of the \
■ ioughi so little of it that they did
not take the trouble to memorize their
line?, bring contented to repeat after the
prompter Jusl enough of the text to
string thr situations together and fake!
the rest Hastings and the others found
it Impossible to make anything out of It,
and after th< first acl joined with the
nee in "guying" the show.
Pope Leo in the Biogfaph.
The niogmph pictures of his Holiness
Bope Leo XI II were presented to a large
ami admiring throng .Monday night in
Metropolitan Temple. The pictures pop-
Beßß more than ordinary Interest, both for
their < k< • H< nee and historical significant ■■
as well a« for their novelty, being the
firs) biograph ever taken of a Pope and
the first time in eipht years that the holy
father has sat before a photographic
camera.
The disposition of the light and the
management of the apparatus at the time
the views were taken could not have been
Improved upon, and the result has been a I
series of mutoscope views thai have never |
been surpassed.
The virus of the Pontiff walking and |
riding In the Vatican gardens show every
lineameni of his smiling face and every
movement of a wiry frame bent by tho
weight qf years and the grave responsi
bilities of his exalted office.
Preceding the Papal views are excellent
i representing incidents attending
ironatlon of Queen Wilhelmina of
Holland. One of the best photographic
representations of President MoKinley is
given also. He Is represent ed walking on
the lawn in front of his humble cottage
home in Canton. Ohio.
The exhibition is interspersed with j
barytone polos by Signor Vcirpas and or
gan selections by Emil Cruells.
The Chutes-
Ola Hayden. the Howard brothers, Way
and Maltland, and other vaudevillians are
giving a good show at the Chutes.
Sale of Seats for lan Mac'aren
This morning at P o'clock the sale of
reserved seats will begin at Sherman,
Clay <£• Co.'a for the farewell lecture to
lie given by "lan Maclaren" at Sherman,
"lay <St Co. S Hall on Friday afternoon at
half-past 3 o'clock. Dr. Watson will read
selections from his last and unpublished
story, and also "The Life of Dr. William
McClure" in its entirety.
Saver This A(t = moon,
Emil Saner, the distinguished pianist,
will give his first recital in this city at
the Grand Opera-house this afternoon at
3 o'clock. His programme is as follows:
Prelude and Fugue. D major (Bach);
Sonata. Op. 53 (Beethoven); (a) Xachs
tuek. Op. 2::, No. 4. <b) Toccata. Op. 7
(Schumann); mi Bolero, Op. 19. (h» Noc
turne, op ;'-, No. 2, (c) Etude (Chopin);
(d) Rigaudon, Op. 804, No. 3 ißaffi: (a)
Aiif Flugeln dcs Gesanges (Mendelsaohn-
Llszt); (l)» "Murmure dv Vent" Ktude
(Saver); Rhapsodic No. [< (Liszt).
His last recital will be given on Friday
afternoon, at the same hour and place.
BILLIONS ON PAPER,
BUT TENS IN .SIGHT
PLANS OF A PROMOTER TO
CONTROL EVERYTHING.
An Oaklander Starts Out to Outdo
Hooley in the Matter of Big
Schemes.
Articles of incorporation of two com
j panics having, it is thought, the object
in view of controlling the universe, were
tiled in the office of the County Clerk
yesterday. The first articles to go on rec
ord were those of the Globe Fiscal Com
whieh modestly set forth the capi-'
t.il sleek ;is $2,00 ,000. Of this amount
1,600 has been subscribed. Director
A. R. Kxley of Oakland holds stock
valued at (200,000,000, while J6OO is sub
si ril'cl by the other direc.tt'is— Alexander
Thompson, Robert Brand, T. Byron de
: Witt, E. J. Berg, E. K. Darrin and J. F.
Pfetch.
The same gentlemen appear as subscrib
ers and directors in the second corpora
tion, which will be known as the interna
tional Coal Company. This corporation Is
not as pretentious as the other, the capi
tal stock being but $500,000,000. ' Mr. Exley '
of Oakland has subscribed $50,000,000 of ;
this amount, the other directors named
advancing $10 each.
"So the figures that we use in forming
our companies have caused some sur
prise?" said A. K. Exley, president Of the
Globe Fiscal Company and of the Inter
national Coal Company, and of three
other companies to be incorporated within
a few days. "The Fiscal is capitalized for
two billions, but 1 am satisfied that we ;
shall have to Increase it to five before !
long. We have bonded coal mines in the \
north, have options In Pennsylvania and
will have offices In Hongkong and Eng- ;
land. Our plans cannot fail, tor some of
the biggest men of the country are back j
of us. I cannot divulge my plans now. :
but must keep something un my sleeve for
a time. It is not wise, you know, when 1
you deal in billions, to say too much. I
have three more companies almost start- |
cd. They will be capitalized high— per- |
naps live hundred millions apiece— 1;
shall be president of them all. These five
companies are like the fingers of a hand,
and I tell you whatever they touch will:
stick to them.
"I was one of the promoters of the
Hercules Wave Motor Company, and
there will be nloney In it yet. It is gen
uine, and my WOO shares will be worth
$100 apiece when the thing Is at work.
Everybody laughs at new things, but I
tell you we are winners.
"Hooley? I can out-promote Hooley
and not go smash In the end like he did.
He was a fool. :He 'gave much money
away. I would never give away a dollar,
but will run all my propositions on. their j
merits. With my experience in th« coal
and insurance business and my English
methods of doing business we shall make
some of these fin-de-siecle capitalists
shake, 1 tell you. 1 wrote to a San Fran
cisco millionaire recently offering to let
him in on the ground floor, but he de
clined an interview. He will regret it
yet. When I open a San Francisco office
1 shall let him know and tell him we shall
bo glad to Bee him if he will call around.
There are some surprises in store to be
revealed before the century closes, don't
you know. Many of these directors are
only dummies, and will give way to pow
erful men at the rig lit time. Till then
the people of Oakland and San Francisco
must wait for the disclosure of our
plans." W&OJBm
Western Addition Club.
Thp regular monthly meeting of the
era Addition Improvement Club was
held last nipht at franklin Hall. Flllmore
I >r. Charles V. Cross presiding.
Secretary Henderson reported the follow
ing new member.-;: A. Sbarboro. Charlea
M. Ingram. J. P. Nell. Jacob K^illmann,
William Hervey and William Sail).
The executive committee was Instruct
ed to confer with ;i like committee from
the Mission and Richmond clubs and Bee
that in the coming bund Issue provision
be made (or the erection of a new build
ing for the Lowell iiicn School upon a lot
owned by the city on Sacramento
and <;ouph streets.
Mr. Sbarboro, president of the Mer
chants' Association, made an eloquent ad
dress upon the necessity of Improvements
of a permanent character and the issu
ance of bonds to secure the same. The
subject will be further discussed at the
next meeting.
Cured His Weakness.
Cured His Pains and Made Him Feel Thirty
Years Younger.
t There is onlu one cure for the pains and
weakness which result from a loss of vitality
and that cure is Drooerlu applied Electricity.
Consider the thousands who are being cured bu
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt; see how theu shout
out loud their deep gratitude for being lifted once
more to the level of men; hear their heartfelt
thanks to the doctor for his invention, Theu pro-
claim the fact that this grand Belt is the onlu
certain cure for such troubles,
MEDICINE FAILED—MY BELT CURED.
DR. M. A. McLAITIHI.IX: Dear Sir-I ha\v ''„" r! ' vour^eVelt'rie '^annli
ance. since last October, and can say it has done wonders for me [was
a. broken down man. completely of no account for business or nleasure- was
dizzy, nervous, lame In legs, back, and in fact all over. Mv memory was ooor
and I was generally debilitated, [got r.M-.-f within three davTafte put .,,'.-
your Belt on; my strength improved and the lameness left me [ have Kainel
every day since, and tarn now completely cured. I feel as r did t rtv vel™
ago. Your Belt knocks medicine into cfhristendom. 1 owemy health to it
1 Yours truly, j D HOPKINS. '
Are You a Weak Man? Have You a Pain or an Ache?
If so, let me show you this wonderful life-giver. Let me explain to you how it is superior to every other
known method of treating disease. Let me give you the benefit of my 2<t years' experience and study in cases
like yours. My advice is free. I will make a thorough examination and tell you honestly whether or not you
can be cured. If I say you can. and you will give your case Into my hands. I will cure you I eive vnn *hl
evidence of 10.000 people to prove this. IF YOU CANNOT CALL. SEND FOR my BOOK "Three Classes of
Men," devoted to the weaknesses of men; tells the cause of early decay in young? and middle-aeed men Tt
shows h«.w Electricity, properly applied, will restore this power and gives the proof. It is free unon annlim
tlon. A call preferred. Call or address P na PP |lca -
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin, 702 Market street ' c ° rner KKey,a ™y, s an Franeiso°
' or 204!- : South Broadway, Los Angeles
Office Hours— B A. M. to 8:30 P. M. Sundays IO to I. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES
THE BIG BENEFIT
OF THE SEASON
Mindell Fern Dreyfuss, Who Will Sing
for the Fruit and Flower 3 .Mission,
♦ T-^RrtM all indications the benefit for the Fruit npd Flower Mission at the ft
•* H Orpheum Friday afternoon will be one of the most successful ever Riven ♦
♦ at thai theater. That the object is a most worthy one is well known to »o
•' -*- the public, and the fri< nds of the mission have been liberal purchasers £
♦ of tickets during the past few days. The- box office Bale opened Tuesday *^
i* morning and while there was a heavy demand for scats there is still plenty a,
♦ of good reserved seats on the lower floor. ♦
j« Not only is the money taken at the box office on this day put to a good £?
♦ purpose, but the purchasers of scats are going to get more than their mon< \
SS worth, for there will noi only be the entire Orpheum bill, but a number of
♦ volunteer artists as well. Managi r Morrisey is arranging a most attractive o»
%' bill, which at the present moment comprises the Orpheum bill including Fa-
5 . an ,l Sinclair, the versatile comedians, in their latest hit, "A High ;<
<► Roller": Tom ami Lilly English, talented musical comedians; Al and Mamie ♦
*? Anders. m. "the Cherub ami in. Coon"; Clarice Vance, whose coon songs have 8^
« been ■■< greal hit: Miss Lillian Burkhart in her clever farce comedy. "Ex- ♦
S travaganci '; Marshall P. Wilder in a string of "benefit" stories and jokes; £S
.♦ the dainty Hengler sisters Fn their Parisian dances, and the I'antzer broth- *
\ • re, head to head balan< i rs. ;•
d. o;' volunteer artists Querita Vincent from the Olympia will appear in «
4 coon son^s and buck and wi , and Mindell Kern Dreyfuss in serio ;•
nd dances. Director Rosner and Leader Jaulus of the Orpheum ♦
♦" ore ] . rehearsing a special musical programme. As ther< will be an g^
** extraordinarily strong bill, and as the money is to be put to a most worthy r *
♦ object, the prie, s for this day will be 50 cents for reserved seats on the *^
i* lower floor and -•"• cents in t iio balcony. The ladies of the Orpheum company o«
♦ and representatives from the other theaters of the city will act as flower 4
*? girls. .*
♦ ♦
ROYAL AHCH MASONS.
An Eloquent Address by the Grand
High Priest— Officers Elected.
The Grand Chapter of the Royal Arch
Masons was called to order yesterday
morning by Grand High Priest Eli T.
Blackner of San Diego in the Assembly
Hall of the Masonic Temple. There were
115 companions in attendant
The address of the grand high priest.
an ably prepared document, occupied al
most the entire morning session In the
reading. He reviewed the events of the j
[last year, and in alluding to the recent
war. which he said was declared against >
Spain in behalf of the oppressed and
struggling Cubans, whose continued cry
could tio longer be refused, he added: "I
have been proud of my country many
times, but never so proud as when she |
took her stand upon the true Masonic j
platform— to help the unfortunate and
distressed withoul hope of fee or reward.
In so doing she marked an epoch in 'the I
history of the world, for never before had
a nation taking upon Itself the burden of
a war (or humanity's sake."
11. announced the resignation of Grand
Secretary T. Hubbard Cas well, after hav
ing tilled the office for twenty-one years.
The cause of this was that he will have
to absent himself from tiie Jurisdiction.
During th< year the Grand Chapter do
nated $5000 to the Widows" and Orphans'
Home at I >eeoto.
At the afternoon session Florin 1.. Jones
Of Pasadena was elected grand high
priest; Edward R. Hedges of . Stockton
grand deputy high priest; Samuel H.
Wegencr of San Jose grand king; Lewis
Cass Wittenmeyer of Martinez grand
scribe; Franklin H. Day of San Francisco
grand treasurer; W. A. Davie of San
Francisco grand secretary.
These officers and those who are to be
appointed will be installed to-day, and
during the day there will be action on the
adoption of a new constitution.
. ♦ ■
POISON IN TOMATOES.
Eileen Frances Pidge. the four-year-old
ter of Paul Pidge, receiver for the
Sutter Street Railway Company, died
■ . st. rday afternoon from acute inflamma
tion oT the bowels, superinduced by eat
iiif,' poisonous tomatoes. Mr. Pidge's two
year-old son is also hovering between life
and death from the same cause.
A week ago Sunday canned tomatoes
were served for dinner at the Pidgo home
on Polk street, and the whole family
partook of them. The next day Norris,
the little boy, was taken sick, and it. < >.
W. Jones, who was called in. treated him
for Inflammation of the bowels, but did
not know what was the cause of the
trouble. on Sunday tomatoes were again
served, and on Monday the little siirl was
taken ill. Despite all that could he done
for her she sank rapidly and died yester
day afternoon.
The case -was reported at the Morgue
and Coroner Hill made an investigation,
lmt will nor hold an inquest. It is sup
posed that the natural acids of the toma
toi s drew the poison out of the solder and
P hone'l the contents of the can.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
INTENSE SUFFERING
FROM DYSPEPSIA AND STOMACH
TROUBLE
Instantly Relieved and Perma-
nently Cured by Stuart's :
Dyspepsia Tablets.
A New Discovery, but Not a
Patent Medicine.
Dr. Redwell relates an interesting ac-
count of what he considers a remarkable
cure of acute stomach trouble and chron-
ic dyspepsia by the u.«e of the new dis-
covery. Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
He says: "The patient was a man who
had suffered to my knowledge for years
with dyspepsia. Everything he ate seemed
to sour and create gases in the stomach;
he had pains like rheumatism in the back,
shoulder blades and limbs, fullness and
distress after eating, poor appetite and
loss of flesh; the heart became affected,
causing palpitation and sleeplessness at
night.
I gave him powerful nerve tonics and.
blood remedies, but to no purpose. As an
experiment I finally bought a fifty-cent
package of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets at
a drug store and gave them to him. Al-
most immediate relief was given and after
he had used four boxes he was to all ap-
pearances fully cured.
There was no more acidity or sour wa-
tery risings, no bloating after meals, the
appetite was vigorous and he has gained
between 10 and 12 pounds in weight of
solid, healthy flesh.
Although Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are
advertised and sold in drug stores, yet. I
consider them a most valuable addition
to any physician's line of remedies, as
they are perfectly harmless, and can be
given to children or invalids or in any
condition of the stomach with perfect
safety, being harmless and containing
| nothing but fruit and vegetable essences,
S pure pepsin and Golden Seal.
Without any question they are the
safest, most effective cure for indigestion,
biliousness, constipation and all derange-
ments of the stomach, however slight or
severe."
Stuart's dyspepsia Tablets are made by
the F. A. Stuart Co. cf Marshall, Mich.,
and are sold by druggists everywhere at
fifty cents per package.
Little book on stomach diseases mailed
; free, address, F. A. Stuart Co.. Marshall,
Mich. ' ■
* For the Best $10 Suit]!
to order you must go to /
JOE POHEIM. ]
For $25 you can get a i
fine, well made and well '
tr mrned suit at . ]i
JOE POHEIM'S.;
Will cost eisewhere $40. (
All-wool, styl ; sh-cut i
Pants to oider from $4 ']
) JOE POHEIM'S,;
{ 201-203 Montgomery St., Cor. Bush
) 1110-1112 Morkct St., S. F. "i
MUNYON'S GUARANTEE.
Strong: Assertion* an to Just "What
the Remedies 'Will Do.
<CT»< ' MuDyon guarantee*
/ igSKSrawSj^ that h - 3 Rheumatism
fISKHKIt 'vftjaCHk Cure Trill cure nearly
JtSjgfi Saflß a : cases of rheum >-
K«St^^'''^**"©«K3? tlsm in a few hours;
MS' yfegfc tbat his Dyspepsia Cure
It SL •JB^H will cure Indigestion and
Is* mX iiii^ar '" stomach trouble?;
T§ t^S&lSsS&r that his Kidney Cure
i ir*& *"'** cure ■*'' F' er cent.
V /-fxjt n et ail cases of kidney
\ £ J~B?Hg trouble; that his Ca-
Jsk." *e&fiff tarrh Cure ■will curs
jjffkS^sxAfa&k*^ catarrh bo matter how
I^SJK^^ZI loDg standing; that his
TJJW^MgHaHSMMf Headache Cure will cure
>?| i ~Wf any kind of headache In
f IF* few minutea; that
» hli Cold Cure will
.  quickly break up any
firm of cold and so on through the entire list of
, remedies. At all druggists. 25 cents a rial
If you need medical advice write Prof Munyon
1506 Arch it.. Phlla. It la absolutely free.
(^-£«E£. VITALIS
|sl(3as^ WllttLlO
, n T&J&if Jf/^ THE NEW
VITALIS - Cay s-L m DCUCnV
! rSODLCES THE ABOTK 30th Day. IICnICIIIII
BK9II.TS. It quickly * .urely removes Kerroosness. Impotencr.
' Nightly Emltsions, Etil Dreams Wasting Diseases and all effects
of self-abuse or excess and indiscr-tion. Restores Lo-tTltali'T
Power and Failing Memory. Wards off Insanity and'CoDsumpl
tion. Cure» when all others fail. Insist on haying VITAL? SI
no other. Can be carried in the vest pocket. By mail 1104
per package or six for #5.00 with a piar»nl«* to Cure" or
Refund the Monet. Circular Free. Address ~" r " wr
CALUMET CLR£ CO., 884 DearW.Tt., CUe»«-
Sold by Owl Drug Co., S. F. and Oakland.
1898-TAXES-1898
THE SECOND INSTALLMENT OF REAI.
Estate Taxes will be delinquent April 24, at
6 p. m., after which 5 per cent will be added.
The office will be open from 7 to 9 p. m.'
on April 22. . .
SATURDAY. April 15, positively last day of
receiving: checks.
ED. I. SHEEHAN.
San Francisco, April 6, 1599.
DR.MCNULTY.
ri^HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
J. Specialist cure* Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases Oi Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over 20y'rs* experience.
Patients curedat Home. Terms reasonable. Hnurs9
to 3 daiiy : 6. 3o to 8:30 ev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddress
P. ROBCOE MpXULTY, M.D.
2«Vi Kearny St., San Francisco. Cal.
ffjPS Ohlehertcr'a £a«Uab Diamond Braa A. -
f EKNVROYAL PILLS
ENNYROYAL PILLS
vf _^~V Original Bad Only 6ennlo«. A.
y*>/Tt4r\ »Art. always reliable. LADicb uk A\
fuW t*-M P"-S5 ljt fbr Chtchesttrt KnglltS Dui/tt%\
■rS^Jg \mond Brand la Red and Gold nieta!l:c\\B?
ja^ —Cm Bboxea, sealed with blue ribboa. Take VSEr
"I*l 9>b SWno other. Refute dangerous lubttitu- v
I"/ ~ ftioni and imitation: At Drnggiats, or lend 4«.
IJ» — In »tamp« for particulars, testimonials aa4
V V J9 "Rtfliof for Ladles," in Utter, by return
■■V fr Mail. 10,000 TestlmoniaH. .fmiar Poptr.
_ , '/CW^wtcr C»«*lealCo.,Mndl«<m K« ■nrol
tMAbyHlLoctlDraiglstt. PHILAIrA..
r " 1* a non-pot'onnai
r '; nl ' >(1 y for Gonorrhcea,
Gleet, S perma t o r rh.val
IsV in 1 M *"*5"- Whites, unnatural dis-
ifrfigr Ociranuei « charges, or any inflamma-
|M»" to itrieture. tion, irritation or uieera-
P^?r«7.nu contagion. tion of uCo v » morn-
U^VKeEvANSChemimlCo. Cranes. Non-astringent.
i I^kciNCINhATI.O HII Sol- b Dmnrial*.
; U. 3. a. 2*S 2 r Bent ia Plata wrapper,
I^^rf^l 11.00, or 3 bottles. *2.75-
-»" i ««B^Sgs?\v ■ Circular s'jnt «n r««Ma»
"RDTTCUTTQ f or barbers, bak-
i brewera. bookbinders. ■ candy-makers, earner*.
dyers, flourmllls. foundries, laundries. pap«r-
hant:er«, printers, painters, shoe factorial,
(tablemen, tar-roofer*, tanners, tailors. «to.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento 3»
\A/. T. HESS.
HOTABT PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW,
TcDtn Floor. Room 1015. Claua Spreckels Bidf.
Telephone Brown 33L
Residence. S2l CoiUoroia au. below Powell.
San Francisco.SOLDIERS MAKE
THINGS LIVELY
ON EAST STREET
Beer and Wine In
flame Their Blood.
A CORPORAL'S GUARD BUSY
WHALER HORATIO WR-ECKED IN
THE CAROLINES.
The Morgan City Will Take "a
Happy Family" in the Engine-
Room — Ships Adrift in
the Bay.
The United States transport Warren
(Scandia) will leave for Manila at an
early hour this morning. She was to have
eail.nl yesterday afternoon, but the sol
diers who were to go on her had not all
arrived. Her full list will consist of SOO
officers and men from the artillery and
600 recruits for the various regiments In
the Philippines. About a thousand of
these men were put aboard the transport
early in the day, but as they were given
shore leave they might as well have been
allowed to find their own way aboard in
the first place. The saloon on Easi street
near Folsom were crowded during the af
ternoon and free fights were almost con
tinuous. A large force of men from the
Harbor police and a corporal's guard
were on hand and as soon as a soldier be
came too obstreperous he was bundled
aboard and locked up.
The Hancock, which was scheduled to
Ball on Monday night, did not get away
until early yesterday morning. She will
roach Honolulu about thirty-six hours
ahead of the Warren and should be coaled
and ready to sail by the time the latter
arrives. .,.,
The Morgan City and the Newport were
to follow the Warren next Friday. The
Newport will probably get away, but the
chances are that the Morgan City will not
leave before Tuesday next. Her machin
ery requires considerable overhauling and
the work cannot be finished by Friday
next. The Morgan City will go out with
a "happy family" in the engine-room.
When the transport made port all the
odium of the firemen's strike was put
upon First Assistant Engineer L. N.
Gre.-n. It now transpires that Green was
in reality the peucAnaker and patched up
the differences of the men. Everything
has been adjusted and Chief Engineer W.
11. Kelley, First Assistant 1.. N. Green,
Second Assistant S. M. B ■■ le, Third As
sistant B. Gorman and nearly all the
oilers, firemen and coal passers who came
In on the vessel will go out on her again.
It is said that a new captain will sail in
command, as Captain Dillon will resign.
Intelligence was received yesterday of
the wreck of the whaling bark Horatio at
Port Lotin. in one of the Islands of the
Caroline group. The captain and crew
were picked up by the barkentlne Ruth
nnd will be light to this city. The Ho
ratio went on a reef and is reported to be
a total loss.
which has
J. D. Spreckels Tugboat Com
• rial trip to-day. Cap-
Harry Marshall formerly in com
■ • t the Mon
• ■ • ncy of the Fear-
J Bennett, who has been for
•■ d with the Pai Iflc
im party, has res
■ dent.
rill be open to
•..:.•::■ t-l' at 1 p. m.
h William D. will carry pa
ft Is up ■ •!¥ the
fi ' rks, s.i excursionists will
on the bay as well
.iil< ship.
BATTLE-SCARRED PANTS
AND SMUGGLED CIGARS
There w r seizun made by
' n - : - rs on tl ti anspoii
ADVERTISEMENTS.
New Rupture Cure
Marvelous Effect of a System That
Heals Perfectly.
Citizen of Paoli, Ind., Tries the
Plan With Wonderful Success.
Considerable local Interest has been aroused
at I'aoll, Ind., by the recent cure of the rupture
of W. T. Moon, a prominent citizen of that
locality. Heretofore rupture has been consid-
MR. W. T. MOON, Paoli, Ind.
ered an incurable malady. There are hundreds
of different styles of trusses, but as they only
aim to hold the rupture the popular belief that
rupture cannot be cured is probably firmly
fixed.
In Adams, N. v.. a well-known specialist of
that pretty town h:is devised a method that
combines to securely hold a rupture within the
abdominal cavity, and it also has the virtue to
csujsc the opening, or "rini?," as it Is called,
so firmly grow together, lie Kent the system
to Mr. Moon, this gentleman having previously
wrltun to the doctor for advice. A number of
Mr. Moon's neighbors were deeply rested In
the outcome of the test, and nun:- enough, an
the doctor predicted, In a few weeks the open-
Ing was healed and the rupture cured so com-
pletely as to Rive no sign that there ever had
been a rupture. As it was n. bad .is.- and a
severe test the entire neighborhood wa.s con-
vinced and <iulte a number of ruptured people
have mice recovered. Mr. Moon declares the
system a marvel. It is the discovery of Dr.
\\\ B. lUoe. 41S E. Main street, Adams N V
To all people who are ruptured or have friends
50 afflicted the doctor win mall free an Illus-
trated book that fully describes his home cure
for rupture. Writ for it. Do so at once, since
to know that there is a permanent cure for
rupture will renew the hope of many men and
women who are now despairing under ihe mis-
taken belief that they cannot be cured.
r\!CrO\/IT/V Krs!orc * vitality'
i\icn v ii« tOST VIGOR.
Sffflffft — " ■■■ AND MANHOOD
«^1 Cures Impotency Night Emissions and wasting
Vivi9w diseases, all effects ol self'abuEe, or excess and
■»?V jJTI indiscretion. A nerve>tonic and blood'builder.
' ni Brings the pink glow to pale checks and re
SJt^^/ stores the fire of youth. By mail 500 per
2rao3sL box i 6 boxes for $2.50: with c written
5? \> guarantee to cure or refund the money
Dfrvlta medic*! Co., Clinton ft 3«<U«cn sis., GJiiMC}.
Owl Drug Co.. Sole Agts., 112$ Market. S. F.
LATEST ADDITION TO THE COAST FLEET.
THE clipper ship Charmer, purchased by W. E. Mighell, is one of the handsomest vessels in the
American mercantile marine. She has been commanded by Captain Holmes since she was launched,
but the veteran commander will now retire from the sea and take a well earned rest ashore. He is now
80 years of ag-e, but it was only three years ago that he made his first venture on the sea of matrimony.
His wife awaits him in his home in New York.
ator yesterday. Through his own can- j
lessness the relatives of a California boy
will lose some blood-stained relics from
one of the battlefields of the Philippines,
a number of curios and sixty-four of. the
best brand of Manila cigars. The box In
which the articles came had :i false bot
tom, and in the receptacle thus madi
cigars were packed. Had they been open
ly displayed th- chances are they would
have been passed or thu ordinary duty
■ Kacted; but when the customs officers
saw that there was an appari nt attempt
at smuggling the box and its contents
were conns*
As near as can be gathered the facts
of the case are that Corporal 11. <;. Pay-
Bon, Company 1. First California Volun
went t" the war. When the "Christ
mas ship" St. Paul was being- loaded, his
relatives and friends made up a h"X for
the corpnral and it Btarted for Manila
along- with the other presents. Now, In
this box was a Christmas cake, made by
loving hands and beautifully d irated.
To keep it from being crushed a double
bottom was made in the box, and In this
receptacle th«- cake traveled In -
was duly eaten and enjoyed by Corporal
Payson and his comrades on Christmas
day. , "
Corporal Payson was one of the wound
ed In the battle of Caloocan. A M
bullet struck him In the right thigh, an
other in the left leg, 1 1 Ird in the
stomach. They a.l bled profusely, but
luck; •' the wounds was
gerous Payeon determined to
the bullet-riddled and blood-si
pair as a memento,
and ■ -■;>' packed th.-m in
the box in which his Christmas
enta had come from home. A lot ol knick
knacks he had picked up at various times
and places also went into the box, and the
receptacle In which the Christmas cake
,| was ailed With prime Manila
The box was nailed vii and over
Idress put on before H left here was
I a card with the address "K. a.
Payson, 709 Bhotwell street, 'Frisco.
In this Is found the cause of the hero s
; offending, and the reason why < nele
Hani's officials are going to confiscate the
blood-stained pants, curios and cigars.
OLYMPIC ENTERTAINMENT.
Ladies Will Have an Opportunity ol
Seeing First-Class Athletics
ThisxEvening-.
The following exceedingly well arranged
programme for "ladies' night," which will
be a feature this evening at the enter
tainment given by the Olympic Club, Is
under the direction of Leader J. A. Ham
mersmith:
Overture; horizontal ban, V. Vidella, It.
Moll B Btarkey; aerial posturing, T. Walsh:
r act. -Swift and Burke; banjo duet, (a)
"Ma Rai; Time Baby" (Stone); <!>) "Menuet
rewskl), Arthur Black and Will Mc
■ Promise Me" (Reginald de
! Bandolin; club swinging, Miss
■ ilbron; wrestling on horseback, v
j Hammersmith, H. Fisher, T. Eager. C. F.
Oriffltb O Williams. A. Puller. E. I'u.hl, Doc
Flynn; song "Ho, Jolly Jcnkln" (Sullivan),
dumbbell drill, by the pu
pl!» of the <:rant School, France* Fuller. Grace
Jessie McNab, Ida [ngerman, Hazel
Carran. Kathexine Klnz
■ • Rose Armstr i ] pnam, i-->-
Inderson, Edna Osborn, Eleanor Qray;
Qeorge Mlehllng, instructor; rope
skipping and barrel act, F. W
Stone; fencing, Professor rronctaeft E. Ortion;
I the rub-. T. K. Manning. J. 1- .
McCarthy; defying the laws of nature, novelty
" W ltl,out"a parallel, ■Zftda"; rln* act. Armand
Brothers; acrobatii .-. P
ROSENTHAL TO LEAVE.
The Noted Pianist" s High Opinion of
San Francisco's Taste.
MoritZ Kosenthal. pianist, will shortly
say farewell to San Francisco. It is not
because he does not like San Fran<
t he will not return, but because
he is going to make his concert tours in
Europe for several years to come, and If
he returns to the United states he does
not contemplate making an extended tour.
Rosenthal has no mannerisms ai
tation. He is popular with women,
but he does not play to them or flatter
them Rosenthal is a great walker and
he can sprint a hundred yards In good
BhaDe He doesn't like anything better
than to box or work out in a. gymnasium,
and if he dared to risk hurting his hands
he would have the gloves on every day.
He is so strong that he can hit the keys
of a piano pretty hard it he chooses, and
there are times when he commits aggra
vated assaults und battery on the instru
ment.
COCHRANE MAY DIE.
The Butcher Who Had His Skull
Penetrated by a Steel Sharp
ener Is Very Low.
The police were notified yesterday by
Dr Zobel that John J. Cochrane, the
butcher In the Hay City market who was
k on the head with a steel sharpener
thrown at him on the morning of April 7
by Frank Austin, another butcher, was
likely to die Cochrane had been at his
home 788 Natoma street, since the acci
den au<J now an abscess had formed on
h!a brain and the worst was feared. He
was taken to the l . ity and County Hos
i.ifii fnr an operation.
'"  n Spi'lano sent Detectives Ryan
and O^Dea after Austin, aa he was out
on bonds on the charge of assault to mur
der and they found him at the market
H, was locked up in the City 1
pending the result of the operation on
Chochrane.
She Won't Wed Vet.
Letters from New York authoritatively
deny the reports which brought from the
Empire City the engagement of Misa
Ethel Dickson and Mr. Holcombe. Miss
Dickson, who is the daughter of Robert
Dickson the big Insurance man, Is now
making hc-r home with her family in New
York. Mr. Holcombe and Miss Dickson
are friends of long standing, but their
friendship has never bordered upon that
doeper affection which ÜBually terminates
in a betrothal.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 19, 1899.
POLICE INVESTIGATE
FLEISHMAN'S CHARGES
COMPLAINT OF A NOE VALLEY
FAMILY AGAINST HOODLUMS.
Reports of Officers Who Were De
tailed to Examine Into the Al
leged Persecution.
The police under Captain Gillen have
been investigating' the charges of per
secution at the hands of a gang of young
hoodlums, made by David Fleishman of
ill Jersey street, and published in last
Thursday's Call. Fleishman had also re
ported the matter to Secretary Holbrook,
who has since been conducting an Inves
tigation on his own account.
Sergeant "Scotty" Campbell, one of the
officers Bent out to investigate, report
ed in part as follows:
in talking with Fleishman I learned that
some of the acts complained of occurred as far
back as last July. I afterward visited tome of
the bouses of the boys mentioned in the re
port. I saw Mrs. Grove and her two sons.
She la a. widow and her boys are hard work
ing—one of them in a planing mill and the
other in a foundry- The boys told me that
Fleishman accused them of setting oft .the can
non last July, and they denied it, claiming
they had nothing to do with it, and they have
not si>oken to him since that time, which
Fleishman admits. I interviewed the Smith
boy and his father, and they indignantly deny
that the Smith boy had anything to do with
the firing of the cannon and never annoyed
Fleishman, In any way.
Sergeant C F. Blank, another of those
who interviewed Fleishman, reported:
Mrs. Crouse, 117 Jersey street, states she
never saw hoodlums in the neighborhood an
noying any one. Mrs. Holloway, 1352 Church;
Mrs. Crowley, 118 Jersey; Mrs. Coogan, 122
Jersey: Mrs. Jackalizza. 1250 Church; Mr.
Duffy, 1211 Church, all make the same state
ments. In regard to the cat, dogs and cow
being shot, I failed to find any marks of the
same. 1 fourtd one window broken, which he
states was done when McKinley was elected
President. On the 3d of July, IbSS, the boys of
the neighborhood made a small cannon out of
gas pipe to celebrate the 4th of July; it ex
rloded, and Dave Fleishman took it away from
them, being afraid of getting shot by the can
non.
Officer E. J. Thompson submitted this
report: %
About two months ago I received instructions
from you to call at David Fleishman's resi
dence in reference to a complaint about boya
annoying htm and his family. I made in
quiry of some of the neighbors, and was told
they had never noticed any one bothering the
family. I also mad.- passing calls, but failed
to find any boys or young men annoying them
in any way. I also received orders from you
about April 7 to make investigation about
another complaint received by you from the
Fleishmans. I called there and saw Mrs.
Fleishman, and she said they had been an
noyed by boys with air guns. I asked her if
she knew the boys and she said she did not;
that they seemed to be boys passing by at the
time they were using the air guns. I again
interviewed some of the neighbors, and was
told by them that they had seen no boys around
with air guns, or boys annoying the Fleish
man family. I will continue to make fre
quent passing calls on the second and third
watches.
Officer Nyhan reported as follows:
Regarding paragraph in The Call referring
to D. Fleishman, would say that on or about
July 4, 189S, Fleishman complained to me
thai boys were shooting off firecrackers around
his residence; also that boys broke a- pan of
glass. At that time there were a number of
boys coming along Jersey street, and Fleish
man pointed to one of the largest of them, say-
Ing he was one of the boys who were an
noying him. I placed him under arrest and
brought him to Mr. Fleishman for identifica
tion. The boy pleaded innocence,- and at
Fleishman's request I released him and cau»
Lioned the boy to keep away from that place.
I have made passing calls around that place,
and have failed to find any one annoying them
since or before that time.
Officer A. 1.. Folsom made this report
to Captain Gillen:
Acting under your Instructions. I made an
Investigation In reference to my boy being de
tailed by Mrs. Holbrook to watch and see if
any boys were shooting at D. Fleishman's
cows chickens or cats. I wish to state that
the boy belongs to an order called the Band
of Mercy, gotten up by Mrs. Holbrook for the
prevention of cruelty to animals, and that my
boy, Arthur Folsom, age 11, was acting under
her Instructions and detailed by Mrs. Hol
brook without my knowledge or consent to
watch the said Fleishman's place for two
afternoons, in company with another boy by
ADVERTISEMENTS.
If YOU WANT "THE ONLY"
GENUINE HUNYADI WATER,
Insist Upon Receiving
SATIRAIi APERIEST WATER,
the only water which comes from the Hunyadi Springs
of Hungar}'", owned by
ANDREAS SAXLEHNER,
v Budapest.
the name of Milton Ray, age 13. I reside at
street. Mr. Holbrook is a nelgh
por of mine and lives at 321 Clipper street ami
baa visited my house and knows me person
ally. Neither Holbrook nor his wife made any
complaint to me about hoodlums committing
depredations against Fleishman at any time,
and Mr. Holbrook know* I am a police officer
'n the Mission district, and neither has my boy
any complaint of hoodlums annoying the
Fleishman family in any way
Officers Kenvllle and Griffin also sub
mitted reports to the same effect as those
given.
THE GRAND LODGE.
Knights and Ladies of Honor Vote
Against Biennial Sessions—Offi
cers to Be Elected To-Day.
At the flrsi session, twelfth annual con
vention of the Grand Lodge of the
Knights and Ladles of Honor, held yes
terday in Pythian Cast;.-, all the lodges
in the State except Angels Lodge <>f Los
Angeles were represented and all the
grand orac< rs were present The n pre
sentatives were called to order by Grand
Protector -Mrs. Lizzie J. Wheelock.
After the routine business incidental to
rganizlng of a grand body the re
port of the grand protector and the
grand secretary were read. Thai of the
latter showed an Increase of 139 bene
ficiary members, and that the b< ne
nciariea of the fifteen members who < i ! « -<i
during the year received in the atrifregute
$27,000, the members who died having
paid intn the order an aggregate of jikm
All claims werf paid within sixty days
after each death.
A recommendation of the grand pro
tector that sessions be held biennially was
voted down.
The reports of the grand officers show
that the order is prospering.
J. P. Dockery, Belle W. Conrad and
Dr. Kemp Van Ec were appointed a com
mittee to prepare resolutions in respect
to the memories of the late past grand
protectors, T. A. Lander and S. B. Carle
ton.
In the evening- there was a banquet in
the upper hall of the Pythian Castle,
where there assembled about 125 mem
bers of the order. The grand protector
presided, and after a sumptuous supper
there were a number of impromptu
toasts, which were responded to by
grand officers and prominent members of
the order.
There will be a session to-day, when
the grand officers v.-ill be elected.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh St.. corner Mission. Salt water,
direct from ocean.
Filipinos at the Fair.
At the meeting of the Mechanics' Insti
tute trustees held last nighi $3000 was ap
propriated to defray the expenses of. the
exhibit from the Philippine Islands. A
telegram was read from the War Depart
ment, stating that tin- Hnvernment would
furnish free transportation of the
exhibits and of the natives who
will come to this city. The Filipinos
will work at their native industries, build
their native huts and erect a typical vil
lage in the Pavilion portraying life in the
Philippines. It is expected that a band
will also be brought over.
Trustee p. j. Healy of the institute re
ported that during his recent trip to
I'kiah he had arranged for- a family of six
Poiuo Indians to l.uild a native dwelling
and work at their industries, making
obsidian and Hint arrow-heads, cooking
their foods, etc. „
Five hundred volumes of duplicate
books were ordered donated to the Ma
sonic Widows' and Orphans' Home.
"99" Cleveland bicycles, J4O and $50; "99"
Crescents, $35. Leayitt & 13111, 309 Larkln.*
Pink Dominos.
All was couleur de rose In Native Sons'
Hall last night, for It was the pink
domino party of Buona Vista Parlor of
the Native Daughters. The decorations
were pink, the attire of the ladies and
gentlemen was pink and even the lemon
ade was of a pinkish hue. It was the first
effort of the parlor in that line, and while,
the hall was noi as crowded as on occa
sions of other functions it was an exceed
ingly pleasant and ei9>yable gathering of
Native Daughters and Native Sons. The
affair was under the direction of tho fol
lowing named committee: Miss Annie
Worth. Mrs. B. P. Wehe, Mrs. I_. Neu
harth. Miss Kmma Bennlng, Mrs. Burry
Mrs. Diel, Mrs. Greene, Miss Mamie
Wells and Miss Belkowski.
BUYERS SEEK
REAL ESTATE
INVESTMENTS
Confidence in San
Francisco's Future.
STOCKS ARE SECOND CHOICE
MANY GOOD SIZED DEALS ABE
BEING NEGOTIATED.
Eastern Capitalists Looking to the
Metropolis of the Pacific as
the Coming Center of
Business.
San Francisco real estate continues
firm and active, with increasing pros
pects of still greater improvement. This
statement is true, notwithstanding the
fact that the sales for the past week fell
somewhat below those of the preceding
weeks. There are more prospective buy
ers in the market than for some time
past, and almost every real estate firm
in the city has deals under way involving
big sums, any one of which may be con
summated at an early date. Money is
plentiful and investors are seeking to put
out their unemployed capital where it
will bring in the largest returns. There
is a decided tendency to neglect stocks,
which have heretofore been a favored
field for speculation for the more sub
stantial and safer investment in income
producing realty.
The recent rains, which washed away
all fear of a devastating drought
throughout the State, had much to do
with the feeling of confidence that now
prevails among all classes in California,
but this does not account for the flatter-
Ing attention with which San Francisco
is at present being honored by the capl-
talists of the East. The recent announce
ment that two big transcontinental rail
roads were actively preparing to extend
their lines to this city and enter into ac
tive competition with the Southern Pa
cific caused a general awakening to the
future in store for the metropolis of the
Pacific, but the overshadowing cause of
the sudden turning of the searchlight of
capital on this city, and that which prob
ably had also much to do with hurrying
the plans of the railroad magnates, Is the
absolute certainty that San Francisco, as
the natural gateway to the Orient, is
about to enter upon an era of unparal
leled commercial prosperity, 'mis asser
tion is borne out by the big demand for
property in the wholesale district, prefer
ence being given to sites convenient to
tin- water front. The announcement a
few days ago of a number of big transfers
in that section was about the first inti
mation the general public had of the
dawn of the new era, and even now many
are inclined to think that the movement
toward the water front lias spent Itself;
but this Is by no means the fact. Nego
tiations an- still pending for desirable
warenouse property, and the great firms
of the East have already begun to make
arrangements to make shipments to As
iatic ports direct from San Francisco.
keeping warehouses stocked with goods
here. Instead of simply maintaining
agents here, as has been the practice
heretofore.
But real estate activity is not confined
to the wholesale district. The entire city
is receiving the benefit of the revival of
confidence and sales are being made daily
in every section of the municipality. One
of the largest sales reported for the past
week was one made by Mrs. Amy Lander
to Mrs. Jennie Otto of the property at
the southeast corner of Twenty-second
and Howard .streets, consisting of lot lOOz
216 feet, with ten Hats. The price paid
was $31,500, and the negotiations wire
conducted by Bovee, Toy <& Sonntag. The
latter firm also sold &!'j acres of highly
improved fruit land in Solano County for
Mary "Waymeyer to James A. Almur for
$37,640.
A. M. .<pt>ck & Co. sol«l the property at 323
Kilis street, 26:6x137:1;, for Albert Me.
Dr. Weatphal for $11,500; also three flats at 975
Post street, 25x137, the seller being E. H.
KatUKTW and the purchasers Abe anil Sarah
Goodman, (or $14,0<Xi. In May this tinn will
bold an auction sale of Unproved down-town
and income properties.
Tin mias Magee &. Son have sold the following
property: I^a and improvements on the south
Bide of Geary street, near Powell, 2jx127:6, fur
$22,000; lot and Improvements on swuth kMi- of
O'Farrell street, 120 west of Ixiguna, 26x120,
for (3500; Improved lot on the north side of But
ter street, near Jones, L'lxti.'.. fur $12,000; lot at
the northeast corner of Broadway and Baker
40x136, for $9600, on which a $15,000 residence is
to be erected by L). L. Bliss, ihe capitalist and
railroad owner of Carson City, Nev.; lot on
the east side of Van Ness avenue, Mouth of
Broadway, ?,."xK!7:6, for $6600; lot on south side
of Pacific avenue, 85 west of Walnut, 52x100,
f"r $3600; lot on the northeast corner of Broad
way and Steiner, 37:6x137:6, for $72r,0.
ESaaton >>t Eldridge report a number of small
Bales and Home good ones on the tapis.
Madison it Burke also haw several large
elzed deals under way, with every prospect of
early consummation.
<;. H. Umtaen .t Co. report many sales dur
ing- the week just past, the largest being the
purchase by Uarret MeEnerney for $26|000 of
the Improved property at the northwest corner
of Ninth and Natoma streets from Abner, M.
L. and Isabel Reed.
Russell & Surryhne report the following re
cent sales made: House ami lot. 45 South
Park, 22:6x97:6, $3250; house and lot, 216 San
chez street, near Market, $2500; lot on north
line of Halgbt, 71 east of Baker, 60x110, $6250;
cottage and lot on east line of Steiner, be
tween Eddy and Ellis, 17:6x65:9, $1500; lot on
east line of Capp, 50 south from Nineteenth,
25x97:6, $1700; cottage and lot on west line of
Church, between Twenty-third and Twenty
fourth, 32:6x117:6, $2400; lot 75x100 on Fourteenth
avenue, between M and N, South San Fran
cisco, $S00: house and lot on north line of
Folsom, between First and Second. 25x100,
$4000; cottage and lot on Twenty-ninth, near
Sanchez, 25x114, $1600; cottage and lot on north
line of Green, near I.,aguna, 29:6x137:6, $2S0O;
house and lot on north line of Page, near
Fillmore, 25x100, $5000; lot on Twenty-fourth
avenue, near Clement, 25x120, $350; lot on south
line of • Greenwich, near Buchanan, 25x137:6,
$700; cottage and lot on south line of Austin,
avenue, between Franklin and Cough, 25x60,
$1250, and southeast corner of Oak and Ash
bury, 73x137:6. $9300.
Mrs. Anna Moore has sold to Walter S. An
derson the lot 65:9x137:6 on the north line of
Broadway, 137:6 west of Octavia, for $15,000.
A. P. Hotaling & Co. have purchased,
through A. .1. Rich & Co.. the property front
ing 65 feet on Market and 120 on Rose street,
for $42,500. The improvements are inconsider
able.
BulldnK contracts for last week represene an
aggregate of $105,231.
"Pepamoid" book leathers excel all; send for
samples. rpsramn!d> f.2 Chronicle bldgr., S. F. •
CAPTAIN DILLON'S CASE.
If Convicted of Beating a Sailor He
Will Have Another Chance on
Jurisdiction.
Because Captain John G. Dillon of the
Government transport Morgan City bat
tered a refractory sailor on the head with
a Mauser rifle in the harbor of Nagasaki
the whole of yesterday forenoon was
taken us in the United states iMstrfot
Court with ;tn argument on the question
as in whether the captain should be tried
for the offense by the Federal court or
whether a court-martial by the military
authorities was the proper mode of pro
cedure. Before the question was decided
Judge de Haven ordered the trial by jury
to proceed, the-counsel for the defendant
to be given an opportunity of asking for
a new trial In case of conviction. If ac
quitted there would be no necessity for
determining the issue of jurisdiction.
The testimony was all in at the close
of the day'B session and the case will be
submitted' to the jury this morning.
Muscular Mrs. Collins.
William Brown, a collector for Twang's
agency, wont to Mrs. Collins', Columbia
square and Howard street, yesterday
morning to collect a bill. When be made
his call known Mrs. I'ollins caught him
by the coat collar and threw him to the
bottom of the front stairs. Brown hur
ried to the City Hall and swore out a
warrant In Judge Graham's court for
Mrs. Collins' arrest on a charge of bat
tery.
THE EMPORIUM. ; THE EMPORIUM.
Xfr¥¥¥¥9¥¥9¥¥¥V9*99¥9¥¥9¥9¥9¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥9¥¥¥¥¥¥f2*
> . \ ■..- :, .• ' - r£
I sings here Rule Bazaar. * sale in |
♦ Saturday. <I>im .^ l4Cftl W£W^ C7f^ fiT , TOR , 'Rotunda. J
| ytlAe>oia£ /&kA<£ I
! £as# Hay o/ Use «
| Ribbon Sale. \
* Still large assortments in desirable weaves and colorings. Don't ♦
J miss this, the greatest Ribbon Sale the Big Store has ever held. *
ft Elegant Fancy Ribbons, suitable for neckwear, sashes and millinery ♦
♦ purposes, at about one-halt usual cost: . *
ft 20c Fancy Stripe Gauze Ribbon?, 3 to 4 inches yard tOO ♦
ft 25c Black Gmze Satin-stripid Ribbons yard 12 o *
> 25c All-silk Fancy Ribbons, 3'^ to 4 inches, big assortment yard 170 2
* 50c All-silk Fancy Ribbons, heavy quality, 4to 5 inches yard 28c 2!
♦ Fine Moire Taffeta Ribbons yard lOc 12' .C, 15c, 170 and 19c %
ft SPECIAL SALE COUNTERS— M^JIN AISLE. «
ft «
♦ To-T). iv ( Wednesday ) Only, pi. go Worth of U^eir Melodies m*
» The Great Leomin" Music Folio— 2Bc. %
* Ster $IaOO White A folio of new copyright popular*
♦ Ct**««3^ #fßff« fS&tff* music, containing 21 songs and 13 instru- 21
ft ©Win fOr OOCi mental compositions, never before of- J
♦ -^ == sr-^-^ T ne immense fered except in sheet form at 35c copy, TL
J X^f"^ = x^\^\ }\ > resources of the making the value of the book, if each «<
& /X I V \ S reat factory of piece was sold separately, $11.90. To- <»
J / i I \ the Leominster ■ day we offer 200 — no more — at the ♦
ft I I X V Shirt Company, special price of 28 ♦
ft ■ 1 A) at Leominster, ♦
♦ ./ VI s\ I Mass., were ... , ■■■ ... .-,-, ♦
ft. '-', XL// / thrown into the ! Wednesday Special in Underwear
I Up I VW ™^m, c s£ t \ Ladies' Vests, 29c*
♦ I' : ■"'// "/ 'T possible to sell Ladies' Silk and /Qsx ♦
; n • '" n at $1. They Ligle Mixed VegtSt *
&, -^ were made to . , . •■■ , , / ff
ft enter into com- Wlth P' nk ' sk bluo U/7 / *
£ petition with all America at this price. |or lavender silk >, J'yt / "**
♦ Thousands of dozens have been sold; the ; stripes, neatly edged y/la^viiV %>
♦ make and finish are perfection: fit fault- j .' , 1 /■/% 1 ]■} nftl!)// Ji
* less. Each shirt is labeled with their around neck and [R \\\ B *
♦ less. Each shirt is labeled with their / i / ' ♦
J name and $1.00, the selling price. The armhole, and drawn / M^Wjf// %
jft bosoms and bands are of finest linen — with silk braid — reg- y \i\\V\VVv\'// *
!ft the bodies of the best Wamsutta muslin, ularly 40c each— for x| : R WV ♦
I ,ft strongly re-enforced to withstand wear— . *_ , 9a . Ill')/''' \ ♦
i i the assault of the laundryman. They to-day only * UO I <~ . J «>
I ♦ the assault of the laundryman. They ' * 1
* are made in long or short bosoms, open . J,
* front or back, or open back only. We 2
♦ place 75 dozen of these great $1 shirts Wednesday Special in J
l on sale Wednesday, and Wednesday only, TrmmmmlmS**B* "B r^»«««*»#«. ; ♦
|in all regular sizes at 68c 'UrHtStt TOWCiS. J
ft Excellent quality Bleached Turkish ♦
♦ Another Great Wednesday ' Tow els ; dose warp, heavy loop nap, the J
♦ - kind that wears well and absorbs freely, J
J Shoe I over 4 feet long; our traae building 25c Z
* -^•*"\ Snecial. i quality; special for/t<Hi4y y" eacn /ffc «
♦ _^ — To \ %3MvS%jrSe&M w
« \ la 1 Ladies' Domrola Kid \L j „ 1 . *ns » , ,-x •> *<
* \ S® 1 Button Shoes, like picture | Housekeepers Wednesday Special. J
♦\ V \ r E " ' s i. toes -j p a^ ent ! Curtains, 98c Pair. *
ft l 0 \\ leather tips — sewed flex- ■■--■■■. * "#
I * 19 \ il)le soles— all sizes— sold I On sale to- lay only, 100 pairs Lace *
> V V regularly at Curtains, 3j^ yards by 54 inches ; colors •
♦ =N. l2 9 \ $2.00 pair — ' ecru or white ; heavy net designs with ♦
* V-^V-^^^k special to- handsome borders ; also floral designs *
* U~^y^ —^"^fc^ day,Wednes- a " tricote^sdge ; no tape to pull off ;5,
* >s^ \Sfek day, 0n1y.../, I regularly $1.25 per pair ; for 98 C +,
i ° ..: $Iml7 \ : «
* • Specials for Entire Week in *
J For Wednesday Only— Two "Big Grocery Deß't. *
£ NotiOn Bargains. Emporium Fancy Family Flour ; *
* Hemmingway's Black Sewing Silk— to- none better; 50-lb sacks; regularly 90c; -f
*■ day only a spool of first quality Black or " -• 78c ♦
! ♦ Sewing Silk that contains full 50 yards— \ Best Creamery Butter— *
r special for 4c Full weight; 2-lb squares; this week J
X Fancy Colored Frilled Garter Web— all onl -V 400 i
ft new combinations— this quality is re- I Albert Roche Imported Sardines +
*> tailed at 10c yard, but for to-day only, I ~~ ''4 s : regularly 10c tin 7o <tf
* special at ." ....5c 2500 cans Table Fruit— «
*> Pears, Plums and Apricots; while sup- ♦
t Wednesday U&kwear Special- ?^M£f*K^^s*
I ♦ Dainty sacks; regilarly 8c; this week . So 21
* Liberty Silks. 6i^^?*f^ik;l
ft 500 yards 19-inch all-over Accordion- Our $1.50 gallon quality Port or <*
$» Plaited" Liberty Silk — choice assortment Sherry— This week .*. $1,05 ♦
♦ of coloring?, comprising: Lamp's Eastern Beer— ♦
♦ Green, Pink, Light Blue, Brown, Quarts, / regularly $2.30 dozen: this *
* Mais, Cardinal, Nile, Cerise, week $2m05 2,
jt Suitable for Millinery, Neckwear and Good Bourbon Whiskey — Full 2*
ft Dress Fronts — the 50c per yard value— quart demijohns; regularly 83c, this
ft to-day 33C week..... 62c ♦
A************** *************** *****A*A<,4AS
To Extend the State Grange.
The California State Grange will short
ly take earnest steps to extend the organ
ization In California. This was decided.
at the semi-annual meeting of the •
utive committee heM yesterday at the
Russ House. There were present W. >..
Grecr of Sacramento, who presided;
Treasurer A. D. Logan of San Francisco;
Cyrus Jones of San Joso, and IT. F. Blohm
of Watsonville. members of the cotnm't
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to RespoQsible Merchants. Manufac-
turers, Brokers. Importers, Wholesale Traders. Jobbers,
Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION^
IN CORRESPONDING WITH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING
FIRMS PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL.''
BELTINa I FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
LP IIFfiFV Manufacturer or Retting «nd ' JA« HftYF^ shipping Butchers, ihc m
I, I. UCUCN, LnCB Leather. 105-107 Mis- *A3- BUIE3, clay. Tml. Mala l»itt til.
eion St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562. " " —
__ . _ - HARDWARE-
BOiLER MAKERS. P^^hS^^^kiSS^ *&?£
EUREKA BOILER WORKS, iron founders.
W.Vj. brady. Proprietor. Western Foundry. Morton & Hedle*. Props..
Special Attention Paid to Repair* and Shis 234 Fremont St. Castings of Erery Da.
Work - . Bcrlptlon Made to Order. Tel. Black 1503.
Office and Works -113-115 MISSION ST. — L , QuORS
Telephone Main CMC. GUDOLD WHISKEY, gallon '. $1.50 ; cut. $6 00
BOOKS AND STATIONERY. "°'*' 8 " P ° NY> h£ £ $Z 50 :"" $1 ° 00
BOOKS AND STATIONbRY. L . CAHEN t BON 418 BM r»mento 8%., B. r.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY, <<norfttfronfartit^*'
242 to 350 Oearv Street. Above Powell. ochre. COMANCHE OCHRE CO . U F™ n? .t
Periodicals. Books end Stationery. ■ — — _^_
~ PAPER DEALERS.
mrr nm/61 Corner Fourth and Will AMFTTF P^?^ ND PAPER CO "
I ft L I Lf 1 1 VA I Market. S. F. Try IfIULMmLIIC 722 Montgomery Street
Lflrt nUlflL^ r a m sp : enc na ai £$. print^t- —
V/11l L IIWIIILic:, Overcoats and fr {+ HIITHFC PRINTER.
j Valises checked free. d- W- IIU vl 1 1 JL.OI Ml Pan«om» stre^.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON. STATIONER AND PRINTER.
J. C. WILSON & CO.. "W PARTRIDGE gSft.
800 ?*Zl B "U™ m THE BicKs-JUDD CO- ,sSar,»,.
; ~ WAREHOUSEMEN.
COPPERSMITH. THE HASLET T WAREHOUSE CO..
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BLTTH. Mjrr. Fct .. c Agents and Public Weigher*. G. -
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing Steamboat «ral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouse*. O«a.
nnd Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18 *ral of flee, no California rt. Tel. Main 19M.
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641. WATCHES ETC
nc\TKT<; T I I'KnV •aJquarters for nne Jewelry and
DENTISTS. 1. Ltnlll. -k. Wedding Rinrs. « M «.
Mr W nPPi FP~ 80 ' 5 Market, rms. 6 to 10. —
lift- V VI llCvnLll Colton gas for painless WHITI-" A< H CTFIM enil
extraction of teeth a specialty. Willie A»n *» 1 CAM CUAL,
r— Mined by th»
• DRUGGISTS .WHOLESALE). BLACK O^^ O^^°R A^o¥£JiSS B^ M* '
RFfllfwßTflN Si Of) Secondand Steven- la ih. Best Coal In tht Market.
nCUIIiUIUIi 06 llUi son Sts. Tel. Main 4 Oilci and Taxd»-4M Mala BtrM^
tee. The plan of extension contemplates
the establishment of new granges la
counties in which there are none. The
organization comprises fifty granges at
the present time, all in a prosperous con
"tiition. It is the Intention to enlist the
co-operation of the farmers in order that
the number may be increased to one hun
dred. A canvass of the State will be
made and the end of the year will prob
ably pee the accomplishment of the de
sind result.
56
■
WEDNESDAY APRIL 19, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address A!! Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St S. F.
Telephone Main JS6S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 16 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday (.all), one year fO.OO
j>ah v CALL (including Sunday Call), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call). 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month <t:%c
BUNDAY CALL One Year. * 1 - 5 °
WEEKLY CALL. One Year I- 00
All postniast era are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Bumple copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE ~~~~~~\ 90S Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 18S, World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Merquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK • 387 Hayes street, ODen until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2£9' Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second anq
Kentucky streets. op«n until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
. "B bin H
me."
Inie."
Ja this Aiterno n
■
ner."
: r— Vaudeville every afternoon
.
Specialties.
Men "' tures.
[arket *;rt-et, near Eighth— Bat-
-1 Bay.
ir bay resort. Amusements every
AUCTION SALES.
It 10:30 a. m. and 2:30 p.
i.llgS.
j . at 2 and S p. m.. Nt 39
day, at 11 o'clock, Furniture, at
OUR LEGISLATURE REBUKED.
I generally supposed, and not without truth, that
irnia are a little broader and
in their ideas than most other
communities. But the contrast between
itive representatives is often
conspicuous. The late Senatorial deadlock
• I in two or three other
in Pennsylvania, of the truth of this
■ .. ... however, still more strongly illus
the anti-c 11 and by the act which
■ ■ day requiring certain articles in news
signed. But some recent legislation in
• has attracted widespread attention
- be generally adopted marks the
ifference between Legislatures that are
; the times and such a body as has lately
d the caricatures of statesmanship to which
referred.
The principal motive of the signature bill, beyond
ttification of personal vindictiveness,
losures affecting corrupt poli-
To achieve this victory the supporters oi
I have been almost willing to relieve
rietors from the usual and severe
• unjustifiable libels. They prefer i>:
attach such personal consequences to the publica
■ Isely imagined would deter
therinj r presenting them. The
iture of the first State in which civil and re
rty was chartered upon this continent
d to them an anticipatory rebuke.
< >:: April _'. (896, in the State of Maryland, in order
ite the free communication of information
ial to the public interests, the foil j
c went into effe
"Be it enacted by the General Assembly of the
aryland that no person engaged in, con
with or employed on a newspaper or journal
shall be compelled to disclose in any legal proceed
r trial, or before any committee of the Legisla
-■ where, the source of any news or infor
procured or obtained, by him for and pub
lished in the newspaper on and in which he is en
connected with or employed."
The tremendous conflict in the latter half of the
nth and at the beginning of the nineteenth
century between the crown and the press in England,
everal great trials, in which the forensic elo
quence and intellectual power of such men as
and Mackintosh faced and beat the thirn
and his Ministers on their own ground
in the firm establishment of the right of free publi
subject only to punishment, civil and crimi
nal, for malicious libels. From that succession oi
.<-r monarchical tyranny the English-
: -ing world have- exercised the unrestricted rights
of unsparing comment upon public matters and tipop
Is who, by their relations to the Government
iciety, were fairly brought within the range of
rutiny. In Great Britain the uniform ten
dency of recent Parliamentary action has been not
to abridge but to extend the liberty of the pi
This liberality, which is the highest security for hon
and for decency, has been carried so far that a
British publisher, innocently led into the circulation
of a libel, by a prompt apology can reduce damages
to a nominal sum. In the United States the press
has been entrenched in constitutional enactments
and the an< lent doctrine that "the greater the truth
. r the libel" has been abrogated, while in
utions for libel not only is jury
trial assured, as in other criminal cases, but the pos
tice through a modern Jeffreys or
imitator of the Star Chamber is averted by the pro
m that the jury are the judges of both the law
the fact.
Maryland statute carries the tendencies of
American civilization to their logical result by ex
tending the rule of privilege to the sources of news
nformation. The California statute is an at
: to the despotism <~>i the middle
by influences which closely resemble
irons of that darkened epoch.
• has given up h ed trip to Europe
and announces that he intends to spend the summer
campin trail of Senator Platt, the coming
in X. -a York is liki me of the hottest
i ■:■'!.
"Grab all in sight." says Mr. Uuntington, "is my
Bnd advice," and he might have added, "It is ,
m» practice" 1
GOVERNMENT IN BUSINESS.
T] i E Examiner has been feeling around, in a sot
of intellectual darkness, fur a public and party
policy. For some time it cried out aimlessly
against trusts, picking out their evils, actual and al
leged, and using these in a steady appeal to prejudice
and passion, but without suggesting either an expe
dient or a radical remedy. In this the Examiner was
true to its inoculation with the theory and prac
tice of Populism, which lead to an attack upon all
existing conditions and the threat to destroy them,
but without proposing anything better to take their
place. The plain mind, reasoning from premises that
ore within the common horizon and common expe
rience, comes finally to reject any policy that is
merely destructive, and so Populism has been taken
up, examined, on occasions tried in various States
and is finally rejected. Not meeting with expected
success in its programme of mere destruction, the
Examiner has at last reached a constructive propo
sition, which it exploits under the name of "Public
( fwnership Through Public Thrift."
The terms are unscientific and misleading, but this
is the chronic defect with those who argue for acute
changes from an unscientific standpoint. Public
thrift, in its common acceptation, mean, the general
thrift arising in individual effort and industry. What
is meant by the Examiner is properly expressed in
"Government ownership by Government thrift."
The Examiner really understands it in this way,
for in its editorial indorsement of the plan it uses
only the word "Government" instead of "Public."
fts plan is for the Government, by taxation of the
people, to secure a surplus of $100,000,000, invest it
in productive property and reinvest the profits in like
( rty. The statement of the plan is somewhat
ue, but it is mathematically reduced to the con
clusion that the primary investment is to be only
Si 00.000,000, and the profit is to be 4 per cent com
pounded. With this start it is arithmetically demon
strated that in 100 years the Government will be in
possession of $108,495,856,890. But the plan does
end with this investment by the Federal Govern
ment. States, counties and cities are to go into the
same business. New York and Chicago are to in
vest $10,000,000 each, and in 100 years are to have
$10,849,585,689 each. As it is apparent that the plan
treats wealth and population as equivalents, the city
population of the country, investing in proportion
to New York and Chicago, will own at the end of
100 years twice as much as the Federal Government,
or $216,991,713,780. The counties and States follow,
and by the same standard and rate of investment will
be the owners in the same period of a sum equal to
that in possession of the Federal Government.
Therefore the grand total of wealth owned by the
United States at the end of a century of Government
ownership by Government thrift will be $43^,983,
--427.5(10—f0uro—four0 — four hundred and thirty-three billion nine
hundred and eighty-three million four hundred and
twenty-seven thousand five hundred and sixty dollars.
As we have said, the Examiner's statement of the
plan is vague, fur it says editorially that "at the
rate <»:" $100,000,000 a year," while its mathematical
demonstration is confined to one investment of
$100,000,000.
The whole idea i< .1 fantasy, based primarily upon
the presumption of fixity of conditions that are by
nature unstable. For instance, the interest rate is
non-fixable, and the rate of profit is still more
changeable and has declined more evenly than in
terest. The fallacy of these mathematical speculations
i^ shown in the Thurman act, which dealt with a very
similar policy and i<sue. It suspended the payment
of interest by the Pacific railways on their debt to
the Government and substituted therefor a sinking
fund, payable out of surplus earning-. The operation
of this act was to cover a limited term of years, but
before the time had half expired Senator Thurman
himself confessed its failure, because he had based
his mathematical calculations upon the rate for
freight and passenger business charged at the time
he framed the bill. Upon that basis the sinking fund
invested at a fixed per cent would meet the principal
and interest of the debt at maturity. But. for causes
beyond Government control, the freight and passen
ger rates declined so rapidly that the plan was a com
plete failure.
Now. but one thing is needed to show the fallacy
of the Examiner idea and reduce it to an uninterest
ing speculation. The total wealth of the United
States, the entire value of all property, is put by
Mulhall, in round number-;, at $80,000,000,000. If all
this wealth were to steadily earn 4 per cent com
pounded, in 100 years it would equal $4,038,395,480,999
— four trillion thirty-eight billion three hundred
and ninety-five million four hundred, and eighty
thousand nine hundred and ninety-nine dollars — a
sum of course inconceivable and impossible.
The additions to wealth, in the strict care and at
tention given to it in private hands, are so continually
offset by shrinkages, relocations and loss, that no
prudence can avoid, that the net gain in any century
is held far below 4 per cent. .
But the Examiner plan includes not only Govern
ment investment, but Government thrift. It con
ceives the nece-sity for the Government to be rich,
to hold in its ownership, indeed, the entire wealth of
the country.
Thrift is not a possible function of government on
our scheme. Strong monarchical and bureaucratic
governments may seize the trade in intoxicants and
narcotics, or the business of carrying freight and
passengers, and get a profit out of them at the public
expense by high charges, for it is the fact that on
European railways in Government ownership the cost
of travel and transportation is far higher than here,
while the wages paid to trainmen are far lower. If
the countries quoted by the Examiner paid Ameri
can railroad wages and charged American rates, the
lack of Government thrift would appear in a return
of far less than 4 per cent, and in most cases a deficit
would replace profit.
Finally, the Examiner plan is simply the ownership
by the Government of all profit-producing business
and making the use of the facilities it controls, a
means of taxation. This runs easily from ownership
of telegraphs, telephones, street and steam railways,
ntiißs and quarries, to the field of production of the
food necessaries of life.
< )i course it is state communism, a condition in
which everybody will work for the Government and
all profit will go into the public treasury. Thence
where? Will it from time to time be parceled out,
and by win Jin ?
A GERMAN PROTEST.
ACTION taken by certain citizens of Chicago of
German birth to organize a national associa
tion of German-Americans with the object of
opposing anything in the way of the suggested
Anglo-American alliance is perhaps natural under
the circumstances, and yet is wholly unnecessary and |
can be of no benefit either to Germans or to
Americans.
It is clear the promoters of the proposed organi
zation have been moved to their action by the tone
I whidi prevails at this time in the utterances of a
THE SAN FKAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 19, 1899.
large proportion of the American press. The impe
rialist organs, favoring expansion and annexation,
have suddenly developed a great admiration for Great
Britain, and with more or less directness have advo
cated, if not a formal alliance, at least some sort of
concerted action with her in foreign affairs.
Furthermore, the recent actions of the German rep
resentatives in Samoa, and the vexatious restrictions
placed upon the sale of American food products in
Germany, have given rise to a good deal of severe
criticism in this country by the press t>f all parties.
Germans in America reading daily this talk of an
understanding with Great Britain, and the comments
upon the Samoan crisis, and the general course of the
Kaiser's Government, have naturally enough come to
the conclusion that efforts are being seriously made to
commit the United States to a course antagonistic to
the interests of Germany, and their love for their
fatherland moves them to protest.
Their conclusions, however, are wholly erroneous.
The people of the United States are thinking only
of the interests of the United States. It happens just
at this juncture that our interests coincide with those
of Great Britain, and not with those of Germany. It
was not very long ago, however, that we were talking
of war with Great Britain over the Venezuelan ques
tion much more loudly than we are now talking of
strife with the Kaiser. What has happened once may
happen again, and before the year is over we may
have another conflict of interests with the British,
and then the Anglo-American alliance talkers will
either shut up like a clam or begin talking the other
way.
The policy of the American people is, in short, that
of every other people. We are friendly to those who
help us and antagonistic to those who oppose us. We
have no entangling alliances with any European
power and are not going to form any. Where our
foreign interests are at stake all citizens, whether for
eign or native born, are expected to support our Gov
ernment. There is no more reason why there should
be a German-American organization to oppose this
or that foreign policy than a French-American, a
Spanish-American or a British-American organiza
tion for a like purpose. America is hoeing her own
row, and there is no reason why any class of her peo
ple should form political organizations other than
such as are open to all citizens, without respect to
race, birthplace, creed, color or previous condition
of servitude.
ThjE TAX-SHIRKER'S BURDEN.
AX interesting question which should have been
considered shortly after the enactment of the
war revenue law and the refusal of the ex
press companies of the United States to pay their
taxes is, How are the people who are now bearing
the Government burdens of these corporations going
to recoup themselves? According to estimates the
people of the Pacific Coast are paying between $8000
and $10,000 a month to the Government which should
be paid by Wells, Fargo & Co.
This money is being disbursed entirely under pro
test. Whenever a person offers a package to Wells,
Fargo & Co. for shipment that corporation issues a
receipt and informs the shipper that he must stick a
one cent revenue stamp upon it. The only alternative
for the shipper is to comply or take his package else
where, which is usually an expensive operation, both
;;s to time and transportation charges, since no other
corporation in this vicinity is engaged in the busi
ness of shipping small packages by rail. The opera
tion is of the bulldozing order. You may either pay
the express company's war taxes or you may trans
port your package yourself, which in these days of
long distances and bad roads is a very painful pro
ceeding.
So far as we know there is no possibility of the
people ever getting this money back. Every dollar
which they pay to the Government in liquidation of
the war taxes of the express companies is lost to them
forever. The wildest dreamer who ever considered
the subject has not suggested that in case the ex
press companies are ultimately defeated in the liti
gation which has been instituted against them they
will return to shippers the value of the stamps placed
by them upon the receipts and bills of lading issued
under the law.
There is a legal maxim which says that for every
wrung there is a remedy, but unless somebody can
invent a retroactive statute which will apply to this
case there is here an outrage for which no redress
can be obtained. If public opinion were as strong in
tli is country as in England Wells, Fargo & Co. would
either be compelled to pay their war taxes or abandon
their business. The people would not patronize
a corporation which indulged in this form of treason.
If President Valentine were actually engaged in the
business of shipping arms and munitions of war to
Aguinaldu he could not more effectually obstruct the
Government in its war policy. He is refusing de
liberately to bear his share of the necessary expense
of carrying on military operations abroad, and to
that extent he is giving aid and comfort to a foreign
enemy.
There is but one penalty for the course adopted
by this corporation. Impartial history ultimately
sets down the men who indulge in it as a lot of un
patriotic, penurious, hair-splitting, soulless Peck
sniffs.
It is reported that the American Commissioners to
the Peace Conference will be given unlimited liberty
of discussion, but no power to act, and as the Com
missioners of other nations will probably have about
equal authority, the meeting of the dignitaries will
hardly be much more useful than a picnic.
When the Samoan Commission divides the islands
wo shall see just how many live savages we are to get
to make up for the loss of Lieutenant Lansdale, and
then we can form an estimate of the profits of im
perialism.
The Beef Inquiry Commission might as well em
balm its report and bury it. The country has read
the evidence and returned a verdict acquitting Gen
eral Miles of the charge of talking too much or too
strongly.
As The Call never libels anybody the law requiring
all libelous matter to be signed does not affect us.
All the same, the Governor who signed such a law
ought to feel sheepish for the rest of his natural life.
The whirligig of time is sure to bring about his
revenges, and Chief Lees may yet have the satisfac
tion of arresting Mose Gunst before he has went and
reformed.
The only signature that will stand to attest the
enactment of the Morehouse law is that of Gage, and
that is enough to kill it.
President David Starr Jordan says the ideal college
professor should be the best margin the community.
Why isn't he?
Well, anyhow, we trust General Lawton made a
good job distributing the circulars.
GAS RATES TO
BE REDUCED
VOLUNTARILY
Company Officials to
Act To-day.
INVESTIGATION IS DEFERRED
A BEDUCTION TO $1 50 IS EX
PECTED.
Moses A. Gunst, Commissioner of Po
lice, Is Granted Six Months'
Leave of Absence by the
Board.
The officials of the San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company have accepted the
inevitable. Conscious of the fact that
the Supervisors purposed reducing the I
j price of gas, the corporation has decided j
to take the initiative in the matter. Its
; directorate will meet to-day and as a
i mere matter of policy' will name a rate i
i which it was intended should be forced
I upon the company. This was the infor
i mation imparted to the Supervisors at a
meeting yesterday.
The. board, after acting- in a vacillating
manner for some weeks past on the ques
tion of gas rates, apparently decided upon
J $1 50 per thousand feet as the price to be
charged hereafter. The minority mem
bers of the board wanted that body to
stand by its action fixing $1 10 as the rate,
but in the face of a solid majority this
seemed impossible. The valiant minority i
(composed of Supervisors Pexrault, Lack
mann, Byington, Deasy and Heyer) then
made a brave stand for a compromise
| rate of $1 35. This did not appeal to the !
majority; hence the inclination of the i
members to agree upon $1 50 became more '
and more apparent. The officials of the»
gas company must obviously meet that !
figure at their meeting to-day, or the
threatened investigation as to the cost of j
production and delivery of gas will be
continued. The outcome of this will be '
that the board will then arbitrarily fix
a rate. It is not expected this action will
be necessary.
The meeting which had adjourned from
the previous day was held in the assem- !
! bly" room of the board. When Mayor '
| Pnelan called the members to order there j
were but two absentees Supervisors At- ;
. tridge and Collins. His Honor the Mayor ,
: announced that the proper procedure i
would be for the board to resolve itself :
: into a committee of the whole and elect !
! a presiding officer. Upon motion, Super- j
i visor Kalben, chairman of the Street
! Light Committee, was called to preside. i
The object of the meeting— that of inves- !
tigating the gas question and fixing rates !
for the city and for private consumers —
was outlined briefly.
Thomas B. Bishop, chief of counsel for !
i the San Francisco Gas and -Electric Com
pany, appeared for the first time before |
the "inquisitorial body for the corporation.
He stepped forward and in a conversa
tional voice informed the Supervisors that
the directorate of the gas company would !
meet to-day and would then discuss a
voluntary reduction of rates. He inti-
I mated that there was a question as to the j
■ power vested in the board to arbitrarily
fix the rates to be charged for gas. The
board, he said, would oblige the people |
j he represents if it would adjourn until
Thursday and give them time to act in >
! the premises. He said such action would j
j tend to I save controversy, even should j
' the right of the board to act be finally
determined In its favor.
The request for postponement was
! granted without further debate. There j
I was a difference of opinion as to when the
hearing should be resumed. Mayor Phe
lan suggested the sooner it was disposed
: of the better for all i parties Interested.
i The next meeting contemplates merely
' the hearing of a report, and should take
but a short time. This was volunteered
to offset an objection raised by Super- ■
visor Aigeltlnger that the Street Com
mittee would be in session all that day.
After a brief discussion the committee 1
named to-morrow morning at 10 o'clock ■
as the time for continuing the hearing.
At the opening of the deliberations Su
pervisor Perrault asked permission to in
troduce a resolution granting Moses A.
I Gunst, Commissioner of Police, leave of
absence from the State for six months, :
: from the 23d inst. Supervisor Aigeltinger
protested against action by the board on '
i the ground that the matter should prop
erty be considered first by the Committee '.
; on "Health and Police. A majority of the;
' committee members was pr<g»ent. Super
visor Lackmann spoke in favor of grant
ing the request. his associates speaking in
the same strain. Mayor Phelan, who .
; presided, suggested that this be received
as the report of the committee. This
course was pursued, and the board then
voted in favor of granting the desired ;
I leave of absence.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS,
H. M. Yerington of Carson City. Nev.,
is registered at the Palace with his wife.
John T. Rountrop. a hiißinens man of
Denver, is at the Occidental with his fam
ily.
Hugo Richards, a mining man of Pres
cott, Ariz.. Ik at the Palace, accompanied
by his wife.
D. Rosenbaum. a merchant of Ogden,
| is a guest at the Russ and is accom
panied by his wife.
Dr. G. D. Marvin and wife of Eureka
have engaged apartments at the Grand
during a brief stay in this city.
T. McDonald, a Redding business man,
and F. Gross, a storekeeper of Susan
ville, are two ot the arrivals at the Russ.
C. Hidemann, who owns large sugar
plantations In Hawaii, is registered at
the Occidental with hi* wife from Hono
lulu.
J. S. Coleman, an insurance man of
Portland, Or., is here on a visit with his
wife and daughter and registered at the
California.
Judge J. W. Davis of Tulare, G. Ken
nedy, a Livermore merchant, and T. H.
Selvage, a prominent attorney and poli
tician of Eureka, are among the arrivals
at the Grand.
Earon A. Richthofen of Potsdam ar
rived at the Palace last evening. The
Baron is a lieutenant in the German
army and will leave on the next steamer
for Tokio, where he will assume charge
of the German Legation to Japan.
Prince Llchnowsky, a prince of the
royal blood of Germany and attached to
the German Embassy at Vienna, arrived
from Hongkong on Monday on the Coptic.
He will leave to-day for the Yosemite
Valley, and after a four days' stay there
will leave for New York, where he will
take the Kaiser Wilhelm her Grosse for
Liverpool, en route to Berlin.
Brigadier General Thomas H. Barber of
New York left yesterday with his family
for a two weeks' trip through Yosemite
Valley. This is General Barber's first
trip to this coast since last June, when
he came out in command' of the New
York volunteers, en route to Manila. The
general and his command got as far as
Honolulu, when they were ordered back
to New York City. Upon his return to
that city he was promoted from the col
onelcy of his regiment to be brigadier
general of volunteers. The party has
spent the past two weeks in touring the
State and doing Del Monte.
■ ♦ . _
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, April 18.-Fred Rockwell
of San Francisco is at the Netherland;
W, C. Jones of San Francisco Is at the
Bartholdl; Miss M. Bender of San Fran
cisco Is at the Majestic
CITY TREASURER
MAY GO TO JAIL
FOR CONTEMPT
Trouble Over Fees of
Stenographers.
WOULD IGNORE THE AUDITOR
THE SUPREME COURT WILL BE
ASKED TO DECIDE.
Officials Protest Against Shorthand
Reporters Being Exempted
From Safeguards Thrown
Around Funds.
Treasurer Truman and Auditor "Wells
have decided to ask the Supreme Court
to decide as to whether or not the sten
ographers of the Superior Court can
draw their salaries on court orders with- |
out having the same audited before pre- ,
sentation to the Treasurer for payment. :
In order to bring the matter to an Issue j
Treasurer Truman will probably be sent j
to jail to-day on a charge of contempt of j
court for refusing to pay a demand on
the treasury issued by Superior Judge
Cook in favor of his official stenographer, j
If this action is taken by Judge Cook the \
Treasurer will secure his release from j
custody on bonds and will immediately
appeal the case to the Supreme Court.
The court stenographers are the only
persons in the employ of the municipality
who claim exemption from the general I
rule as to the procedure necessary for j
the payment of salary demands. All other
demands must pass through the hands of
and be signed by the Auditor before they
can be honored by the Treasurer. In the I
case of stenographers a different mode
of procedure has been followed in the
past. They receive $10 for each day they
are in attendance at court, and 15 and 20 j
cents per folio for transcripts of testi
mony taken by them. At the end of each
week, or oftener if desired, the Judge of
the court in which the work has been j
done signs an official order commanding ■
the Treasurer to pay to the stenographer
whatever amount may be due for his ser- |
vices. It is alleged that as this order for |
money is an official order of the court
the Treasurer has no legal right to with- !
hold payment so long as there- is any i
funds in his possession with which it may j
be satisfied.
In this way seven stenographers draw
out of the treasury each year a sum of ■
money aggregating about $50,000. The
Auditor is entirely ignored in the trans
tion. and as the orders do not pass
through his hands he is always in ignor
ance of the exact amount of money left
in the general fund and against which
there are thousands of other demands
which he must audit.
Some time ago Auditor Wells and Tn-a-s
--urer Truman held a conference, the re
sult of which was that the Treasurer an
nounced that he would not in future
honor orders of court for stenographers'
salaries unless they were first passed upon
by the' Auditor. This decision was commu
nicated to the stenographers, with the re
sult that some of them announced their
intention of testing the matter. Steps to
this end were taken when the Treasurer
refused to pay the order presented by
the stenographers in Judge Cook's court.
Judge Cook immediately issued an or
der citing the Treasurer to appear before
him to-day to show cause why lie should
not be punished for contempt in ignoring
an order of court.
The Auditor and Treasurer held a con
sultation with their legal advisers yes
terday, and it was decided to take the
matter to the Supreme Court in the event
that Judge Cook sees fit to commit the
Treasurer to jail for contempt.
"This action is to be taken," said Aud
itor Wells yesterday, "in the Interest of
the people. It is not right or just that the
stenographers should be made a priv
ileged class and bo allowed to draw upon
the people's money without a proper
check to prevent possible fraud. They
draw pay out of all proportion to the
value of their services, and it has even
been asserted that the Judges are in part
nership with them. The practice now in
vogue seriously hampers the affairs of the
office, and in a degree jeopardizes the
interests of every creditor of the city."
The following letter received yesterday
by the Board of Supervisors is pertinent
in view of the controversy now being
waged:
SAN FRANCISCO. April 17. 1899.
To the Honorable Board of Supervisors—
Gentlemen: Have watched with some interest
the workings of the shorthand combination in
the courts here, and have solicited work from
the reporters, but am informed they are noth
ing but subordinates drawing half pay and
could not afford to hire a competent reporter.
The rates charged the city and county are
15 and 20 cents per folio and $10 per diem.
I hereby notify your honorable body that I
will report and transcribe any of the cases
In the courts for 10 cents per folio.
Have had ten years' experience as stenog
rapher. Yours respectfully,
F. K. GALLAGHER.
1827 Howard street, S. F.
THE DROUGHT
SUFFERERS
Governor Gage could not see his way
clear to sign the bill paying Claus
Spreckels the money he advanced the
State for the benefit of drought suffer
ers, though a precedent was established
when the State paid back to Charles
Crocker the money he advanced to pay
the expenses of the State's prisons. The
State, through its Governor, accepted
the money from Claus Spreckels, and it
should pay its debts without regards to
technicalities. Mr. Spreckels has re
fused the notes given by farmers for
hay and has ordered their return to the
drawers. He was not selling hay. Claus
Spreckels is a big-hearted, broad
gauged man. There are no drawback
strings to his charitable acts. He is a
Californian of whom Californians are
proud.— Pa jaronian.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A TRANSPORT- A. S.. City. The trans
port Australia is the same vessel that at
one time was on the Honolulu run.
.INCUBATORS— H. M., Tiburon, Cal.
This department does not advertise any
business, firms or inventions, consequent
ly cannot give you the desired informa
tion as to incubators. Direct your Inquiry
to a dealer in such.
JOSEPH H. CHOATE-Howard, City.
The late Rufus Choate, one of the famous
lawyers of the United States, was the un
-uig; ?uosojcl }B -ai-eonf) -h qdasor jo op
baasador Extraordinary and Plenipo
tentiary to Great Britain from the United
States.
SOLDIERS WHO DIED— H. M.. Tibu
ron, Cal. There is in the War Depart
ment at Washington, D. C, a complete
record of "the death of soldiers during
the war with Spain and the cause in
each case." The number of deaths from
all causes amount in the aggregate to
about 6000. _____
CONFESSlON— Subscriber, City. Would
advise you to go to any dealer in Catholic
books and secure a copy of the "Mission
Book of the Redemptionists," which will
give you all the information you may de
sire on the subject of confessions in the
Catholic Church.
THE BEST PAPER— H. 8., City. If
your neighbor takes the paper you name
and he declares that there is "no other
paper like it" he is correct In his asser
tion, for it is the only paper that stands
unequaled for sensationalism, pure and
simple, untruthfulness, lack or sincerity
and principles, and If you tell him that
"The Call is the best paper" you can
stand by your assertion,
EBB TIDE WAS
WRONG TIDE FOR
THE CHILKAT
Eleven Men Were
Drowned Rashly.
DANGEROUS RISK WAS TAKEN
BUSHING FOR SCHEDULE TIME
CAUSED A WRECK.
Rigid Investigation of the Eureka
Disaster Begun by the In
spectors of Steam
Vessels.
A tragic story of the sen was rehearsed
yesterday before the United States In
spectors of Steam Vessels during the in
vestigation into the losa of the coasting
steamer Chilkat on the Humboldt bar on
the 4th Inst. .'*
The steamer left Eureka on the obb
tide and the 8< j a was choppy, but two ri
val steamers had already gone out and
the captain did not wait for the safe r
flood tide because he was anxious to make
up time, such being tho orders of the
owners of the boat. The boat went up
against the bar in a choppy sea. Just its
she had got well Into the breakers a
heavy wave broke over the bows. Tho
steamer quivered and staggered, like a
strong man reeling before the blows of
an adversary, then recovering, lung-eel
forward into the swelling billows. The
next moment a huge wave topped with
foam rolled down upon her, throwing her
upon her side and breaking her back upon
the shallow bar.
A panic fell upon the passengers and
crew as they were jarred off their feet
by the shock, and a' rush was made for
the lifeboats and the life preservers.
What happened after that was not clearly
remembered by the living. All was con
fusion, the one thought in the breasts of
all being self-preservation, at which time
the selfishness of the human being 13
equaled only by that of the four-footed
mammal. The * living could remember
only obscurely what had happened to
themselves; what had happened to tha
dead they did not and could not know.
The second great wave that struck tha
bow of the steamer proved her undoing.
She shivered and keeled over on the bar,
spilling her passengers and such of her
freight as was movable. Eleven human
beings went down in the boiling waters,
and when the life had gone out of them
were washed ashore with the rest of tha
debris of the wreck.
The witnesses called yesterday wera-^
unanimously of the opinion that seamen
considered the bar dangerous at ebb tide,
and that if tho steamer had started on
flood tide there would not have been a
wreck and loss of life. The reason given
for the sailing of the vessel at this peril
ous stage of the water was that the North
Fork and the Pomona had just left port,
and that the captain nf the Chilkat was
! anxious to make his schedule time, which
he would not have been able to do had ha
waited for the Hood tide.
Peter J. Johnson, first officer, told the
inspectors that the cargo was light, being
composed of butter and shingles, Eureka
butter not being strong enough to wreck
a vessel. The steamer was seaworthy,
save that site was a little weak about
the "fo'k'sl." He admitted, in answer to
a question by Captains Boles and Bulger,
that it was safer to go out of port on tha
flood tide rather than on the ebb.
William Grief, fireman on the Chilkat.
said. "We were always scared to pro out
on the ebb tide, because we consideroa it
dangerous."
C. C. Lightner. first engineer, was of
the opinion that the steamer should have
gone over the bar on the flood tido.
The investigation was continued until
the arrival of the Weeott with more wit
nesses.
Just an English Suit.
Tn the action of ""-"a Helen Gertruda
O'Neill Murphy aga Bertram Samuel
Joseph Finnistnne O'Neill Murphy,
brought to recover on a judgment, tl
fenrlant has been given ten days' time in.
which to plead to the complaint. Th«
judgment on which the action was
brought is for £1450 and 14 shillings
costs, and was entered on November 11.
1898. in the Queen's Bench Division of tha
High Court of Justice of the Suprema
Court of Judicature of England.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone MaJn 1042. •
Named at Last.
"Named your boy after yourself, Mr.
Barrows?" "No, Mrs. Thomson, we have
named him James after a prolonged fam
ily row."— Tit-Bits.
''Mrs. Wmslow's Soothing Syrup*
Has been uged for fifty years by millions of
mothers for Vheir children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Drueglsts in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow'a Soothing Syrup. lie a bcttle.
THE CALIFORNIA LIMITED,
Sante Fe Route.
Three times a week: 3 1 * days to Chicago. 4^
rlays to New York. Handsomest train and mr st
complete service. Full particulars at 624 Mar
ket street.
HOTEL DEL CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only J6O by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay. $2 50 per day. Apply at
New Montgomery street, San Francisco.
Giving Them the Benefit.
"They Bay the Wigglehams have a skel— «•
eton in their closi t."
"Nonsense! There isn't a closet in their
flat that is big enough to hold a skelton
which would be worth noticing."— Chicago
News.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Nature makes the cures
after all.
Now and then she gets
into a tight place and needs
helping out.
Things get started in the
wrong direction.
Something is needed to
check disease and start the
system in the right direction
toward health.
Scott's Emulsion of Cod-
liver Oil with hypophos-
phites can do just this.
It strengthens the nerves,
feeds famished tissues, and
makes rich blood.
50c. and $t.oo ; «11 druggists.
SCOTT & BOWNE, Chcmisti. NcwYorfc.NATIVE SONS WHO WILL ASSEMBLE
IN THE CITY OF SALINAS NEXT WEEK
They flre the Candidates fop the grand Offices That Jlre to Be Filled.
Tin the various par- probable that several others may loom
lors of the Order of Native Sons of up during the session,
the Golden West will commence to On Wednesday evening-, after the la
assemble in this city during the lat- bors of the day, California Camp of the
frpr ran of the week to take part in the degree of the Argonauts will introduce
deliberations of the grand body that is a number of candidates to the mysteries
to' be in pe^si 0 " next week in Salinas,
where great preparations have been
made by the Santa Lucia, the local par
lor ami the residents of that city for
the entertainment of the visitors. On
Saturday night all the delegates who
ire in this city will be the special
cuests of Stanford Parlor No. 76, Ban
- pride, at a hijrh jinks to be
■he Native Sons' bancjuot hnll.
rnt'er of years past that parlor
f Frank
MA
n the hnpt to visiting delegates
■if a grand parlor session
and programme have
it many words of well deserved
This year the entertainment
■11 any pre
sort in that line.
at are to he presented
I Parlor will show that the
t this time is in a proa
■ at it? membership is
ally within a few of 10,000 in the
listrlbuted in about 130 subordt
.rlors. They will also Fhow a
marked Improvement in finances, and
r two parli i i
:zed,
re will hp the annual celebration of this degree in th» amplified form and
ber and the Grand In the work will have- th>
i to select the number of members from ota<
me sliall be held. The selection of officers for the Grand
l'i> to date but one city has nsked for Parlor to serve for the enduing term
Ltion, and that will occupy the attention of the mem
.;;. of Sri ma Cruz. The grand bers, but it appears that there will not
t the locality where he any contest, so far as is known at
the closing year of this time, for any of the offices, < ■
he held. There are that of grand orator nnd grand t:
field for that with possibly a slight struggle fur
.Mary.'-, ill- and Oroville— and it gTand outside watchman. Judge W. M.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THOUGHT"
BABY'S EAR
WOULD
DROPOFF
Body and Head Mass Bleeding Sores.
Suffered Beyond Description.
Physician Could Not Even Relieve.
Had to be Put Under Opiates.
Father Gives Up Utterly Discour-
aged. Read CUTICURA Testimo-
nial and (Jot CUTICURA Reme-
dies. Cured in Seven Weeks.
My infant boy was afflicted with a terrible skin
difcecie. Theupper part of his body was one mas» "
of bleeding sores which tended to his head, and
one of hl» ears wan bo affected that we thought it
would drop off. His sufferings were beyond
description, and lie had to be kept constantly
tinderthoiufluci.ee of opiates. Our physician did
everything for his relief; but instead of the child
getting better, the dlnense - mcd to become
inorp aggravated every day, until I became utterly
dibcoura^ed. I could find nothing that would j
rven relieve ray child till one day my attention
••vug called to a Outicuba testimonial published
by you. I bought the Tin ha remedies, using
the Clticura; Cuticcra Soap, and Cuticoka
Kkpoi.vf.nt. The result was simply marvellous.
After the third day the opiate* were discontinued,
the child was freo from pain and the terrible itch-
iDg Kemation. From day to day improvement
programed, and in seven weeks /mm th* day
ice started on the Cciicura remedied the child
was cxircd, the acaba falling off, leaving a clean,
smooth baby skin in their place.
Aug. 15, 1898. J. C. UAHDWICK, CIara, Qa.
Ccticuba Rkmbdiss have effected the most
wonderful cares ol torturing, disfiguring, humili-
ating skin, ecalp, and blood humors, with loss of
hair, ever recorded. Warm baths with Ccticuha
So«p, followed by gentle anointings with CUTl-
cuba, purest of emollient (kin cures, will afford
instant relief, permit rest and sleep, and point to
i speedy, permanent, and economical cure, when
fie beat physicians, hospitals, and all else fail.
Sold thro\;(r v r.tit the world. PoTTrit D. ASD C. Corp.,
Sole I>up«., Bottolt. " How to Cure Bltin DUetuß," free!
SAVE YOUR SKIN "%£&£?&,?"
Weekly Call,sl,oo per Year
-
SUCCESSFUL RAIDS
BY PRICE'S SQUAD
TWO HOUSES ENTERED AND
EVIDENCE SECURED.
Officer Butler Again Disguised Him
self as a Chinaman and Passed
the Lookouts.
T^ieutenant Price and posse made two
very successful raids in Chinatown last
I ni^ht. Both games were closed and full
! tan layouts were captured.
The ruse which worked so successfully
last week was used last night. Officer But
ler arrayed himself in fiill Chines.- cos
| tume from pigtail to slippers and sallied
j Into Washington or "Fish' 1 alley. Lleu-
I tenant Price followed him from the Jack
son street entrance to the alley and Offi
cers Bonner, King and Taylor waited at
i the Washington street corner. Butler
| walked up to the door, gave the rap and
i vis admitted. lie had barely entered the
room when he was recognized and a mad
: scramble fur the door followed. Tho
■ keeper grabbed up his coin, but Butler
stuck a revolver in his face and ordered
him to drop it. At the door the Beefna
gamblers were met by Homier, King anil
Taylor, each of whom captured a man.
Five Chinese and Butler, still in his cos
were bundled Into a patrol wagon
I and Ptarted t<> the station.
At the coni.r of the all< y Butler quietly
I slipped out and started out for fresh fields
and pastures new. The other squad men
kept in sight of him and finally saw him
enter the rooms of the Hang X >ok Society
kson and l mponl streets. Thi
l; re was a repetition of that at Fish aiiey.
but the lighting with escaping Chinese
was a little fiercer. Officer rtlog lost his
hat in the. melee and tor the balance op
the night was adorned with a Chinese
hat. Five players and complete evidence
were taken.
Although not many -men were booked as
a result of the raids, they are, neverthe
less, considered very successful, as not
only was evidence secured but the Chl
were actually seen playing the
games.
A LADY WITH A PAST.
The case of Mrs. Laura Travers.
charg:<d with lmttpry by Attorney Louis
C. ristolfPi, came up before Judpe Gra
hn.m jresterday morning. Attorney Rarry,
representing Mrs. Travera, made a plea
for a continuance until Friday morninff.
Barry reported to tho Judge that Pisto
lesi was boaiitlng on the outside that he
had a "pull" In Department 3, and that
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APHIL 19, 1899.
Conley of Yosemite Parlor, Madera. at
present grand president, will by virtue
of his office become the junior past
grand president; Frank Mattison of
Santa Cruz Parlor, the first grund vice
president, being In the line of promo
tion, will be elected grand president
he proposed to "show up" incidents in
past Life.
Pistolesi warmly denied Barry's
• . and dared the complaining attor
ney to take the stand and swear to what
he had reported to the court.
Sharp words followed between the at
torneys, and in the wrangle It was dis
covered thai Mrs. Travera baa been ar
rested on several previous occasions, and
that when rejoicing in the name of .Laura
Cunningham had taken a shot at Officer
Brown.
Barry and Platolegi, when finally pncl
ficil. agreed that the case go over until
Friday, which motion was granted by
Judge Graham.
. ♦ ■
CHADBOURNE'S DIPLOMA.
He Presents a Second Commission
From Governor Gage to the Har
bor Commissioners.
There was another regular meeting of
the KtaU Board of Harbor Commissioners
yesterday afternoon and Colonel F. R.
Chadbourne reappeared on the scene with
a second commission from Governor Gnge
appointing him to the place on the board
occupied By Rudolph Herold. No one in
qutred how many more commifi.siones the
Governor had up his sleeve fur "Chad,"
but the b cond one inared the fate of the
ilrst. It was respectfully inspected and
returned to Colonel Chadbourne. The res
olution rejecting the document was adopt
ed by a party vote, or, in other words,
President Kilburn voted to plve the appli
cant th.' t^fiit and (Commissioners Harney
and Herald voted against seating him.
Colonel < 'hadbourne's first appointment,
made prior to the adjournment of the
Legislature, was confirmed by the Sen
ate. The commission presented yesterday
bears date of April 17, and, of course, this
.-ippciintment lacks confirmation. The sec,-
1 differs slightly from the tlrst In this
respect— that ft contains the words "un
expired term." whereas the first simply
commissioned the colonel to the position
of Harbor Commissioner, "Instead of Ru
dolph Herold, failed lo qualify, etc."
There may be something hidden in the
law which makes Colonel Chadbourne's
■ I commission better than the first.
!!>■ went to Sacramento while the Gover
nor ajid Dan Burns were there and came
away with his second diploma and is now
prepared, it Is said, to battle In the
courts.
To Care for Orphans.
Articles of incorporation of the Golden
Gate Orphanage Association were filed
with tlio County Clerk yesterday. Tim
1 object of th<- incorporation Is to maintain
: orphans and all abandoned children. The
directors ;<r« Mrs. Hannah Evans. Jame.;
I H. Lynden, Anna Alleman, William li.
! Boyden and William J. Dart.
"Pegamoid" book leathers, nil colors, designs
and grains. 62 Chronicle bids-. S. F. •
I A CAPABLE mother be a healthy mother.
j~\ The experience of maternity should not be approached
without careful physical preparation.
Correct and practical counsel is what the expectant and would-
be mother needs and this counsel she can secure without cost by
: . writing to Mrs. Pinkham at Lynn, Mass.
/?& m g*A EPS /£" Mrs ' Cora Gilson, Yates, Manistee
Co. . Mich. . writes :
OUIf%'FgLEBrK& " Dear Mrs - Pink ham— years ago
£r£%Jr m mmmmMU*' I began having such dull, heavy, drag-
EUSm/fUllFfl £ m £ pains in my back, menses were pro-
ha %J* 4J} UJf fuse and painful and was troubled with
I leucorrhoea. I took patent medicines
and consulted a physician, but received no benefit and could
Lnot become pregnant. /"' < """*^4"}*l
"Seeing one of, your books, I wrote to you telling you v *f2f^\
my troubles and asking for advice. You an- «?^<W
swered my letter promptly and I followed /^'S\t^ /*^y£\
the directions faithfully, and derived so J&^¥j™l i/^A
much benefit that I cannot praise
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com- { »J\\J^^^^ -U^iiß
pound enough. I now find myself /iV/ _^\\^. **/?***!'
use again. I cannot praise it /" J^^ \^T
I think Lydia E. Pinkham's / W^ibflHßßli^MgP^
Vegetable Compound is an | / {J\\\ HB9fi^H^9
excellent medicine. I took ; ' •, ~ ; ,'
after-pains and am now / \ e!^^l^||
strong and enjoying good / 1 BjaPßalfgs
health. Baby is also fat and \ \ |^9vjfflml
Vegetable Compound I was I
mable to become pregnant but since I have used it my
health is much improved, and I have a big baby boy, the joy
1 and oxide of our home."
without opposition; Judge R. C. Rust grand treasurer. The contestants for
of Excelsior Parlor, Jackson, Amador the office of grand orator are Supervisor
County, second grand vice president, Lewis F. Byington of Niantlc Parlor
will also be promoted, he to take the and Joseph K. Hawkins of Pacific Par
place of Mattison as first grand vice lor, each at present holding the office
of grand trustee. Both are ardent
workers for the order and in local par
lors each is popular. The "politicians'
of the Native Sons are divided as to
which Is the most popular man. The
office of grand marshal will go to a
member of the parlor in the city in
which the Admission day celebration
will be held. A. W. Fielder of Las Po
eltas Parlor, Livermore, grand outsida
sentinel, wants to be advanced to grand
president; t'nlted States District Attor
ney Frank J-. e'oumbs of Napa Parlor,
the grand orator, is the only candidate,
named for second Rrnnd vice president,
which is the Stepping stone to the hiph
esi office in the order. Henry Lu^Btedt
of California Parlor, the affable Krand
secretary, will lie re-elected, as nn one
has been named in opposition to his
candidacy: Henry S. Martin of Stanford
Parlor, the genial Sheriff of this city,
will, by acclamation, lie re-elected
Inside sentinel. Max Glass of Alameda
Parlor would like to he grand outside
sentinel. John J. McMahon of Mount
Diablo Parlor, Martinez, now grand in
side sentinel, wants to be one of the
seven grand trustees to be chosen, and
there are others. These are Judge H.
R. McNoble of Stockton Parlor, Judge
Fletcher A. Cutler of Humboldt Parlor
and A. W. North of Winters Parlor of
Woodland, who each would like to con
tinue in office for one term more. W.
I>. Shea of California Parlor, San Fran
cisco; M. T. Doolinp of Fremont Parlor,
Hollister; Frank Sabaehi of Ramona
Parlor, Los Angeles; D. W. Edelman of
Corona Parlor, Los Angeles; C. E. Mr-
Laug-hlln of Quincy Parlor, Plumas
County; Percy V. Lonp of Columbia
Parlor, San Francisco; W. R. Milton of
Sequoia Parlor. San Francisco; Frank
Barnett of Piedmont Parlor, Oakland,
Alameda County; Joseph E. O'Donnell
of Yerba Buena Parlor, San Fracisco;
Charles O. Dunbar of Santa Rosa Par
lor; James A. Devoto of Alcalde Parlor,
San Francisco, and John A. Porcher of
Mission Parlor, San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SUCCESS
» FAILURE;
:■-:::./. ■
"Health and Disease; are conditions on which
depend pleasure and sorrow, happiness or un- r
happiness, success or failure. Health makes a s
man equal to any emergency. Disease makes
him unequal to the ordinary duties of life. c
It Is economy to be well. 1 ' •
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMBER f
h & \ ft ■
DOCTOR SWEANY,
THE OLD RELIABLE SPECIALIST,
(22 Years' Experience),
Offices at 73T Market St.. San Francisco,
Where the sick and afflicted can receive treat-
ment in the future, as they have In the past,
from the ablest and most successful specialist
of the age. Some doctors fall because of treat-
Ing the wrong disease; others from not knowing
the right treatment.
NO MISTAKES HERE AND NO FAILURES.
References— Best Banks, Merchants and
Business Men In the city.
In seeking treatment the following qualifica-
tions should be taken into consideration: !
Ability, experience, skill and an established
reputation for
RELIABILITY!
All of which are possessed by Dr. Sweany, and
are necessary for the successful and satisfac-
tory treatment of any disease.
NERVOUS DEBILITY M &£t£
YOUNG, MIDDLE-AGED and OLD MEN. j
The awful effects of neglected or Improperly !
treated cases causing drains, weakness of the
body and brain, dizziness, failing memory,
lack of energy and confidence, pains in the I
back loins and kidneys and many other dis-
tressing symptoms, unfitting: one for study,
business or enjoyment of life. Dr. Sweany's
special treatment will cure you, no matter who
or what has failed.
i ti/CAV MEM Lost vigor and vitality ro-
; If E.HI\ lIILIIi stored to weak men. Organ*
! of the body which have been weakened or
j shrunken through diseases, overwork, excesses
!or indiscretions are restored to full power,
j strength and vigor by his successful system of
I treatment.
DiIDTIIRF Cured by his new method without ;
nUriUnLuse of knife or detention from |
j work— a painless, sure and permanent cure.
\/ADlPnnn C Hydrocele, swelling and ten-
YAniuUUl-LL derness of the glands treat-
ed with unfailing success.
CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON a n ?s al i
eases of the blood promptly and thoroughly
cured and every trace of the poison eradicated
from the system forever.
PRIVATE DISEASES, lt^T il T\ c dls ;
I which, If neglected or improperly treated,
j brenk down the system and cause kidney dis-
i ease, etc.. permanently cured.
El CPTDIPITY Static, Galvanic and Fa-
LLLUInIUII I i radic Electricity scientifi-
! cally used and »>">" lied In all its modern forms
In conjunction with special medical treatment
in all cases where it can be of benefit.
WRITT If you cannot call at his office, fully
Timllu describing your symptoms and you
I will receive in plain envelope a scientific and
honest opinion of your case and a book of
valuable Information free of charge.
Office hours. 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 6:30 to
8 p. m. Sundays, 10 a. m. to 2 p. m. Call at
office or address
y.L.BWEAKY,M.D.,737 Market St. ,B*n Fnneigeo,
117 Carloads This Season. I
BICYCLES m
THOS. H. B. VARKEY. Market & IBth. S. F. I
Open Wednesday & Saturday evenings. Ip
PURE, HEALTHY, /*%
FRAGRANT. RM
The unnatural odor from per- yOßr* £?
spiratlon and all other impurities \ ajjtt^^
are speedily and completely removed and the |
entire body given a pure, healthy, fragrant
tone by the dally use. In toilet and bath, of
WOODBURY'S Facial Soap and WOOD-
BURY'S Facial Cream. f '
LARGE SUMS TO LEND
On Undivided Interests on Estates.
Real Estate on Probate.
Reversionary and Life Interests on Real and
Personal Property.
Annuities and Legacies.
Or will buy outright.
Life Insurance Policies bought or loaned on.
Patents sold on favorable terms, and capital
procured to develop and perfect meritorious
inventions or Ideas.
Amounts from
$10,000 to $500,000
Available for Investment on Mortgage or
Revenue Producing Securities.
For terms and particulars address.
R. GOULD,
131 Montgomery St., San Francisco, Cal.
000000000000000 0 0
% T^ LACE *s-"S
%GRAND" OTELS %
Z. SAN FRANCISCO. q
** Connected by a covered passageway. J*
© 1400 Rooms— 9oo wi h Bath Attached *>
O All Under One Management, O
0 NOTE THE PRICES; O
O European Plan.Bl.oo per <S»y and upward Q
-. American Plan. 8. Oi) per d*y*nd upward rt
D Correspondence Solicited. VI
O JOHN 0. EIBKFATSIOE, Xanagtr. O
000000000000000000
SJIERCE'S
%*Jr FAVORITE
pSCRIPTION
SL FOR WEAK WOMEN. I
I A PERMANENT CURE I
I A PERMANENT CURE I
5 of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea i '
? and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 <J
C days ; no other treatment required. 5
5 Sold by all druggists. >
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE- !
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD Si ]
CO. European plan. Rooms. 60c to $1 M) day;
fS to $8 week; JS to ISO month. Free baths; hot \
and cold water every room; fire grate* In every j
room; elevator rune all night. 1
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
READ what ASHTON STEVENS said in The Call.
When it comes to "A Hot Old Time," with
|ohnny and» 1 Emma Ray in
t, which TIKE commenced
oburnatthe a% ■W ** California
rheater last U 11 V V ' night.l throw
ip my hands 1 1 #1 | M ■ When a the-
iterfu! of ap ■. " parently nor-
nal people JOHNNY— laugh to the
eking In point for 3
:onsecutive A HOT acts there
nust be run ttmp something
unny in the OLD TIME * show. That
s what the crowd did
ast night. Thin people rattled and fat peo-
ple jellied with the force of their own
aughter. The title of the ccc was justified.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
FAREWELL WEEK.
.BOSTONIANS.
TO-NIGHT AND SATURDAY, MATINEES
AND NIGHT.
ROBnsr HOOD.
Thursday and Friday— SERENADE.
EXTRA-NEXT MONDAY,
ROLAND REED
IN GEORGE H. BROADHURST'S COMEDY.
"THE WRONG MR. WRIGHT."
SEATS READY TO-MORROW.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE, i^ E O P H^ A E
THIS EVENING AT 8.
THE SOUTHWELL OPERA COMPANY
In a Superb Revival of Jacobowski's Beautiful
Opera.
ERMrNIE !
Every Member of This Famous Lyric Organ-
ization In the Cast.
FRIDAY EVENING , FULL DRESS
PRICES:
Orchestra 50c, Tic and $1
Drees Circle (Reserved) 500
Family Circle (Reserved) 2>o
Gallery lie
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
Price? 15c, 25c and 50c; Nothing Higher.
NEXT WEEK— "EL CAPITAN."
THIS AFTERNOON AT 3,
FIRST RECITAL
SAUER
LAST RECITAL FRIDAY, April 11, at 3 p. m,
PRICES 1100 to $3 09
KNABE PIANO USED.
Seats Now Selling at Grand Opera House and
at Kohler & Chase's.
MATINEE TO-DAY. WED., APRIL 19.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part.
GREAT NEW COMEDY BILL.
FAVOR AND SINCLAIR,
In Their New Act. "A High Roller."
CLARICE VANCE, Rag-Time Comedy.
TOM AND LILY ENGLISH, Musical Come-
dian!!.
THE ANDERSONS, Darktown Comedy.
LILLIAN BURKHART AND COMPANY la
New Farce Comedy. "Extravagance."
MARSHALL P. WILDER, New Stories.
HENGLER SISTERS, PANTZER BROS.
AND MLLE. LARDINOIS,
Special Benefit Matinee, San Francisco Fruit
and Flower Mission, Friday. April 21. Prices
Lower Floor, 50c; Balcony, 25c.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and Mgr.
TO-NIGHT.
"IT IS A DAISY."
The French Vaudeville Operetta,
THE LITTLE TROOPER,
GREAT CAST!
NEW SCENERY! CORRECT COSTUMES!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 P. M.
NEXT WEEK— Merry Comedy Opera,
"THE GEISHA."
"A TALE OF A TEA HOUSE."
Popular Prices, 25c and 50c. Our Telephone,
Bush 9.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
THE MERRIEST FARCE IN TOWN,
A BAD LOT
JUST TO MAKE YOU LAUGH.
15c, 25c - ■ RE 6 R c e a t v ed - ■ 35c, 50c
Next Week- "CAPTAIN SWIFT.**
...OLYMPIA...
Eddy St., Cor. Mason.
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall—
ANOTHER GREAT BILL OF EASTERN
STARS.
ACNES CASTRO
Prlma Donna Soprano.
SHERMAN AND MORRISEY
Knockabout Comedians In Great New Act.
The Queen of Character Singers,
........ QUERITA VINCENT « — ' •
In New Songs and Dances.
SIC. ANTONIO VARCAS
. Popular Operatic Selections.
AND TEN ALL-STAR ACTS.
ADMISSION FREE. MATINEE TO-DAY.
MARKET STREET, NEAR EIGHTH.
THE GREAT HISTORICAL PANORAMA,
BATTLE OF
MANILA
BAY
ENTRANCE OF AMERICAN FLEET.
SPANIARDS ON GUARD. DEWEY ON THE
BRIDGE. SPANISH SHIPS IN FLAMES.
FIRST CALIFORNIA REGIMENT STORMING
FORT SAN ANTONIO. MANILA. CAVITK.
Open Dally, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION. 50c; CHILDREN. 25c.
Opera Glasses.
H. GILMOUR, Manager.
CONCERTS AND REPORTS.
"CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
MAJOR GANTZ, the Marry Midget, in the ZOO.
JOE STORMS JR., CONGO AND THE RE-
MAINS OF SALLY IN THE ZOO.
TO-MORROW, THURSDAY NIGHT.
Amateur Burlesque Boxing Match.
Admission, including Zoo and Theater. 10c:
Children Always sc.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
Commencing MONDAY, April 17, at 8:15 o'clock.
POPE LEO XIII LfvnfTO DAY
Biographic Exhibition of Marvelous Moving
Pictures of His Holiness, POPE LEO XIII.
The coronation ceremonies of Queen WUhel-
intna of Holland. The return of heroes of th»
late war, and many other moving views. Grand
vocal and Instrumental music. Afternoons at
3 o'clock. Evenings at 8:15 o'clock. Admission,
, 10 cents; children, 25 cent*
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Another advance in Codfish.
Silver lower.
Wheat and Barley futures advanced.
Oats, Com and Rye dull.
Hay stands the same,
Bran firm and Middlings weak.
Lima Beans continue strong.
Seeds dull.
Potatoes and Onions firm.
Vegetables in good supply.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry In,
Game dull.
Apples firm and Limes higher.
Oranges and Lemons unchanged.
Cherries steady and Strawberries weak.
Dried Apples advanced.
Hams very firm.
Some contracting in new Oregon Hops.
• 1 in Wool.
Glides and Tallow active and firm.
Beef higher and Pork firm.
Mutton and Wai unchanged.
Sugar Btanda the some.
No change In < ills
Smaller exports of Specie. '
EXPORTS OF SPECIi:.
rts of Bpecle from this port during the
r.ree months of the year were $5,i». : 5,024,
• 816.466,951 during the same time In
Silver bullion, $1,141,762;
I 1 liver coin, j
r9. Of this year's vhipments
$1,447,242 went to China, 8762,500 to H-nululu
and 87,720,143 to New York.
DRIED FRUIT IN NEW YORK.
The New York Commercial says:
"Prunes are moving well under a strong
Jobbing demand, and prices are strong at quo
tations, with holders showing indications o£
being indifferent sellers. Contradictory in
formation comes from the coast regarding the
supply left in first hands, but it is certain
that the quantity is small. A few cars more
rr less in a statement now are inconsequential,
and would hardly affect the market one way
or another. Spot supplies are held firmly up
to quotations, and buyers for retail distribu
tion take only small lots as a rule, The
needs of consumption are Increasing, how
ever, and with the best period of the year
for consumption ahead holders consider that
the prospect justifies high and firm prices.
'•There is a somewhat better feeling in rais-
Jns. due to the announcement that the dif
ferences between growers and packers had
been settled. It is reported that practically
all have signed the new agreement, which
makes the association stronger than ever be
fore. There have been some inquiries for
moderate sized quantities during the past few
•lays, both here and on the coast. But, so far
as known, no actual sales resulted.
"Peaches continue in moderately strong re
quest, with prices tending upward on all
grades, principally on peeled. Sales have been
made at better than 30 cents, and the tendency
Is still upward. Reports of serious shortage
In nil peach producing centers except Cali
fornia indicate that there will be a scarcity
this season Holders are confident of a fur
ther advance, and it seems probable that
prices Will advance as stocks clean up.
"Apricots are entirely in second hands.
There are few obtainable in any position, but
trade continues fairly .eood. and holders are
certain of improvement later."
WEATHER RKPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. April IS, 6 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
flat?, as compared with those of same date
la?t season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hOUrB: Last This Last
Station*— 24 Hours. Seas Season.
Eureka 0.18 31.55 81.18
KM Bluff 0.00 19.29 12.71
Sacramento 0.00 13.91 v*7
Francisco Trace 15. 3S 7.76
j.-resno 0.00 6.62 4.16
Ban Luis Oblspu 0.00 14. 6.06
Los Angeles 0.00 4.73 S.2S
Fan Diego . O.CO 4.54 4.18
Yuma 0.00 1-34 1.63
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
ES; minimum, 4S; mean, 53.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A trough of low pressure extends from Mon
tana southwestward to Arizona. The pres
sure has risen rapidly over the Pacific Slope
end fallen over the Missouri Valley.
Partly cloudy weather prevails over the
■western portion of the country. Light ruin
has fallen throughout Washington, Oregon,
Idaho and '■ ■ lern Utah.
The temperature has generally fallen except
along the immediate coast.
Conditions are favorable for fair, warmer
weather in California Wednesday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight April IS:
Northern California— Fair; warmer Wednes
day; light northerly wind.
Southern California — Fair Wednesday; fresh
northwest wind.
Nevada—Partly cloudy Wednesday.
T'tah— Cloudy, with showers Wednesday.
Arizona— Partly cloudy, with showers In
north portion Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair; Warmer
!Wcdnef?day; light northwest wind.
G. H. WILLSOX, Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
X MARKET.
NEW YORK. April 18.— Stock prices advanced
moderately to-day on professional dealings.
Incidents where developments in the properties
accounted fur prime movements were many and
manipulation was prominent throughout the
day's dealings. Tiie abandonment of the tunnel
scheme was reflected In a loss of 3 points in
the stock and a gain of over 2 In Manhattan.
Tennessee Coal and Iron gained 3 points on
expectation of a change In ita finances in con
nection with a sale of the company's road.
Colorado Fuel and Iron also advanced nearly
3 points. The. decision by the Court of Appeais
In favor of Brooklyn Transit left the mock
liearly 2 points above yesterday's figures. What
was said to be the covering of shorts raised
Burlington 2 points, coincident with an easier
tone in the wheat iqarket. A demand ap
peared for Louisville and Southern preferred
which benefited each a point. The anthracite
coalers were stronger. There was talk that a
reorganization of the capital of North Ameri
can was beins arranged and the stock was
strong. Call mon^y rates ranged from ; down
to 4, the quotation of the last loan. London
sold stock purchased yesterday. St. Paul rose
about a fcoint on Its handsome statement of
earnings for the second week in April, but pro
fit takinz derived it of half its gain. The
marknt p|r>sed strong.
Dullness prevailed in the bond department,
but there was no abatement of its recent
etrengih in any issues responding to a semi-in
vestment inquiry. Total sales, $2,935,000.
United States threes registered declined 14 and
the new fours registered and the old fours %
In thfi bid price. The new fours coupon ad
vanced ?;, and the threes %.
The total sales of stocks ' -day amounted to
C95,!>24 shares, including: American Cotton Oil
S9OO. American St«el and Wire 9600, American
KiS". 1 . 4 '?! 0 ' Amerlcan Tinplate 4300. Anaconda
£600, Atchison preferred 15.400, Baltimore and
Ohio 6500. .8r00k1yn Transit 63,200. Burlington
C 5.300, (.hlcago, Indianapolis and Louls
ville preferred 3;'ofl. Colorado Fuel and
Iron 11,900, Continental Tobacco 44 200 Con
tlnent Tobacco preferred 3100. Delaware
and Hudson 6100, [era! Steel 14,800 Louis
vine and Nashville 32,800. Manhattan Con.
BMOO. Metropolitan Street Railway 10 100 Mexi
can Central 14.100, Missouri Pacific 10.800 Na
tional Steel 9700, North American 32 400 North
ern Pacific 3f;0o. People's Gas and Coke 12 100
Reading first preferred 4100. Rock Island 7400'
Bt. Paul 20,200, Southern Railway 9600, .Southern
Railway preferred 22.500, Tennessee Coal and
Iron 27.100. Union Pacific €200.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 20% 3t L & a W 12*4
Do prefd 61% Do prefd '.'. 34
Baltimore & Ohio. 72% g t Paul '""12774
Canada Pacific.... SB% Do prefd 170
Canada Southern.. 67% st P- * m ' '.-,
Cent Pac 61% Do prefd .'".II"l65
Ches & Ohio 27% So Pacific 34
Chi & Alton 168 30 Railway .. ..'. TWI
CB & Q 144 . Do prefd" . " S»3
Chi & E 111 72% Texas & Pacinc!:: 23%
Do prefd 123 .Union Pacific 47%
Chi O W 15% Do prefd SO
Chi Ind & L./. 9% C P d & G mi
Do prefd 46* V V a bash '.'.'.'.'.'.'. vjL
Chi & N W 162 I Do prefd 24 A
Do prefd 193 Wheel & L E.. 11%
CC C & St L 60% Do prefd 33%
De^V r Hud S on-::::ip% A Express Co . m . pan iBo
. Hudson .•■•l22vj'Adam? Ex 110
Del L & W.. 174' l American Ex .. 141
Den & Rio G _22£. United States .... It
Do prefd .6% -ells Fargo 12s
Erie new 13fc| Miscellaneous-
Do Ist prefd .... M j A Cot Oil 38 ,,
Ft Wayne 184 1 Do Drefd 09V
Gt Nor prefd ....192*! Amn Spirits .... 14%
Hocking Val 9%| Do prefd ..:...:. K\
Illinois Cent ™'" 1 H i Am Tobacco 22:.«
Lake Erie & W.... 18 1 D prefd 141
t>o prefd 68 Cons G m 19 -,,
Lake Shore , 200 Com Cable Co. : ISO
Umis & Nash 66% ■•' F & Iron 44
Manhattan L 124 « 1 Do f(1
Met St Ry i".\- en Electric 119%
Mich Cent 113 Maw Com , Co 100
Minn &St L.-.. Ji\. Brooklyn R T 133
Do t, lst , fI P fd ■■" rk Intnl Paper M
tip Pacific ■■'■;» Do. prefd ........ 83
Mobile & Ohio 48% Lacl«d« Gas .... 54
Mo X & T m* I^nd 34 . %
•:; - 1 do prefd mS
N J Central ML Nat Lin Oil 4«
X y Central ....... 1«% Pac | flc Mall 512 i
N y Chi &St L.. 13% p , p, c . 8 Gas 127%
Do Ist prefd .... 66 Pullman Pal 160%
Do M prefd .... •>' Silver Cert 60
Knr West '-„.., Standard R &■ T.. 10 ;
No Amer Co i>« sugar 104%
No Pacific or* no prefd 127%
Do prefd «% T C ft Iron 67%
Ontario ft V> •■••■ z' h U 6 Leather ...... 8%
Or R & Nay prefd. .0 ] Dl) prefd 73%
Or Short Line .... « * v B Rubber 63%
Par- Coast Ist pfd. S3 D() fd n5
r*o Id prefd .... West Union 94 .
\
Plttsburg m Fed Steel 67
Reading 24*, Do prefd 86%
Do let prefd .... 66% Am Steel 65%
ROW 33 Do prefd C*S%i
Do prefd 75 Pac Coast 40
Rock Island 117 NorfolK & W pfd. 67%
St L & S F 11%'CoIo Southern .... 6%
Do prefd 71 Do Ist prefd .... 52%
Do 2d prefd .... 39% i Do Zd prefd .... 21%
CLOSING BONDS.
if S 2s reg 99% M X & T 2ds 68%
Do Is 107%) Do 4.s 93%
Do coup 108% N Cent lsts 114%
D S new 4s reg.... 128% J C gen 5s 119
Do coup 131 North Carolina 68.127
D 6 old 4s reg....US% Do 4s KM
Do coup 113» N P lßts 119
0 3 ->* re« 111% Do 3s 67%
Do coup 113 NYC &S L 45. .100%
District 3.65s 117 IN & W gen 88....180
Ala class A 110 lOr Nay Ist* 112
Do II 110 I Do 4s W214
Do C 100 jO S Line 6s ....130
Do Currency ....100 ; O S Line con 65.. 111%
Ateh gen 4s 101% Reading Gen 45.... 89%
Ateh adjt !-3'* R G W lsts 97%
Canada So ids ill 3L& I M Con Ss.HO
C & O 4'ss 94% S L & 8 F Gen 65. 123%
Do 5s .'. 120 'St P Con 168%
C & N Con 75.. 1... 141 St P C & P 18t5..121
Do deb la 123 I Do 5s 121%
Chicago Term 45. .101 So Ry os 105%
D & R G lsts ....10S%' Standard R & T 6s S9
li 4s 101% Term new set 35.. 96
ETV & G 15ta...106 Tex & Pac 15t*. .114
Erie Gen 4s 72 Do 2ds 68%
F\V & D C Ist*.. 84 Union Pac 4s 106
Gen Elec 5s 116% U P D & G lsts... 90%
Q11& SA C 5.....'.112% abash Ists 116%
Do 2ds 111% Do 2ds 97
H & T c Be 111% West Shore 4s 114%
Do Con |« 108 Wis Cent lsts .... 69%
lowa Cent lsts ...109% V'a Cent 84
X C P & G lsts.... 66 Do deferred S
La new con -is 109% Colo Southern 45... S6
L & X onl 4s 96>4l
MINING STOCKS.
"hollar 28 Ontario "> 00
Crown Point 18 Ophir 100
Con a! & Va»... 170 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 60 Quicksilver 3 25
Gould & Curry 35 j Do prefd SSO
Hale & Norcross.. 82 (Sierra Nevada 90
Homestake 55 00 .Standard 2 25
iron Silver SS I Union Con 45
Mexican 50 1 Yellow Jacket 34
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— iAtchison prefd 61%
Call loans 3 '"I I Bonds—
rime loans 3&@4% I Atchison 4s 100%
Stocks— Mining Shares—
A T & S Fe 20% Allouez Mm C 0.... 10%
Bell Tel 360 Atlantic 33
Boston & Albany. 2s2U Boston & Mont 373
Boston & Maine. .l 77 Butte ft 805t0n.... 91
Boston L 09 Calumet & Kecla..S3s
■hi M&Q 144 Centennial 4?%
Fitchburg 116 Franklin 26
Gen Electric 1191; Old Dominion — 45%
Fed Steel 67 ;Osceola 92
Old Colony 209 ;Qulncy ICS
Union Pac- 47' Tamarack 238
West End 98% Wolverine 46« i
Do prefd 115 Parrott 57%
VVestingh Elec 4- r Adventure 13
Do prefd Humboldt 1%
Wis Cent 1% | Union Land 8
Ed Elec Tel ... 200 |
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, April 18.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were brisk and bright on
| easy money. Americans opened above parity
I and remained there all day, hardening- further
on American support. Southern Railway and
j Louisville and Nashville were features. Prices
were fractionally lower In the street. Tintos
were 45%. Calls till next Tuesday were bid
! for 1U and not taken. The copper boom con
tinues. In Anacondas there were many trans
: actions at the record price, 9%. Many options
were Bold to end in May at '.'-18, in June at
11-16, in July s . to end in the year at 1%. Bos
ton and Utalis were unchanged.
CLOSING.
LONDON. April IS.— Canadian Pacific, OO'i;
■ Northern Pacific preferred, SO%; Union Pacific,
81%; Grand Trunk, 8%; bar sliver, 27% d per
ounce; mi ney, 1% per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, April IS.— FLOUR— Receipts,
17,127 barrels; exports, 8305. Steadier.
WHEAT— Receipts, 24,050 bushels; exports.
I 19,711. Spot market steady; No. 2 red, S3%c
if. o. b. afloat and 80% c elevator. Options
opened firm on the Illinois report and higher
cables. In playing for a reaction bears subse
quently oversold and were driven In at mid
day, causing a rapid advance. This in turn
was .wed by a late after break under real
izing and rain news. Closed weak. lH^l'^c
decline. May, V- 9-16#79'ic, closed 7b%c; July,
7S 13-16^79>,ic, closed i9c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES—
WOOL-^-Qulet.
METALS— the general way there was but
' little change In the situation respecting the
metal markets to-day. The volume of busi
ness was moderate at about former prices In
most departments.
TlN— The Metal Exchange reported some ad
vance on tin, which closed firmer at 524 90 bid
I and $25 10 asked, against $24 75 bid and $25
| asked yesterday.
LEAD— Quiet, $4 82% bid and $4 37% asked.
The brokers' price for lead is $4 10 and for
copper $19.
SPELTER— No change was made in the offi
cial quotation of spelter, the market closing
firm at $6 65-36 75.
PlGlßON— Warrants closed quiet at $10 25
bid and $10 75 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged; $1S 50.
COFFEE — Options closed steady, unchanged
to 5 points lower. Sales, 15,750 bags, including:
May. $4 63; June, $5 05; July, $5 10®5 15; Octo
ber. $5 403-3 45; February, 15 70; March, $5 75.
Spot coffee, steady.
SUGAR— Raw, strong; fair refining, 4 3-16 c;
centrifugal. 96 test. 4%c; molasses sugar,
4 l-16c; refined, strong.
KUTTER— Receipts, 10.356 packages. Steady;
"Western creameries, laVi^Wc; factory, 15@17c.
EGG Receipts. 10,063 packages. Steady;
Western, 14H@14%c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. April IS.— California dried fruits
steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common, 7®B%c;
prime wire tray, s 4 '<t:><-\ choice, 9§9%c; fancy,
9%fflloc.
PRUNES—
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 13%@14c; Moorpark, 14@
ISc.
1 PEACHES— Unpecled, 9©l3c; peeled, 25ff128c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, April IS.— A report by the Illinois
Agricultural Bureau, which claimed the crop
In the State was in an exceedingly bad condi
tion, started wheat strong. This statement
met with a Eood deal of criticism, however,
and after a strong effort, the bears succeeded
i in causing a loss of the greater part of the
; advance at which trading had commenced. Pri
: vate crop reports were plentiful and on the
whole as bad as ever, but liquidation of May
holdings prevented any extensive advance dur
' ins the greater part of the forenoon. The Illi
nois report, however, was too sensationally bad
to be ignored, and it asserted itself later in the
day, In spite of the selling out of long wheat
and short selling of July. The latter was of
benefit to the market later, when shorts took
i fright and contended with bulls for the limit
I of offerings. Western primary market receipts
, were llerht and clearances fair. The world's
' visible supply decreased 686,000 bushels. Realiz
: ing near the end of the session on account of
a Irish crop summary covering the Southern
States and a statement on reliable authority
that 90 per cent of spring seeding would be
; done in ten days resulted In a loss of nearly all
' the advance. July reached a premium of l%c
over May. July opened at 75%@75 1 ,4 c, declined
to 74% c. advanced to 76Vic, declined to 74% c
and closed at 74% c. May followed July.
Corn disappointed holders, proving very indif
ferent to the wheat excitement. Prices ruled
steady, but with narrow limits. May corn
closed %c lower.
Oats were strengthened by Braustreet's state
ment of the available supply, as it showed a
decrease of 631,000 bushels for the week. This
was about three times larzer than the visible
decrease given yesterday. May oats closed a
I shade lower.
| Scattered outside buying and coverings
! strengthened provisions. There was a good
deal of changing from May to July. May pork
closed Be higher.
The range in lard and ribs was small.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
' Wheat No. 2—
May 74% 75% 73% 73%
July 7f.V.t 76% 74% 71",
September 74% 75% 73% 74%
Corn No. 2—
May 35% 35% 35% 86%
July 36 36 85% 35%
September 36% 36% 86% 86%
Oats No. 2—
May 27 27 26% 26%
July 25% 25% 24% 25
September 23V* 23% 23% 23%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
May 9 02% 910 9 02% 905
July 9 20 9 25 9 20 9 22%
September 9 32% 9 42% 932 940*
Lard, per 100 pounds-
May 5 17% 620 5 17% 520
July 530 5 32% 530 6 82%
September 5 42% 545 5 42% 54 ,
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
May 4 70 4 75 4 70 4 72".
Ju1y..... 4 82% 490 4 82% 4 87%
September 495 5 02% 495 6 00\,
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, firm; No. 2 spring wheat, 72{J75c; No.
3 spring wheat. 67<574c; No. 2 red, 76@79c; No.
2 c»rn, 35% c; No. 2 oats, 2Sc; No. 2 white, 30%
©31c; No. 3 white, 29%(i130%c; No. 2 rye Wa
IWtc; No. 2 barley, 40<847c; No. 1 flax seed.
$1 19; prime timothy seed, $2 35; mess pork per
barrel, $9 0509 10; lard, per 100 pounds, $3 17%
(89 20; short ribs sides (loose), $4 45<fj.4 So; dry
salted shoulders (boxed), 4%#4%c: short clear
' Bides (boxed), *4 95@5 05; whisky, dlEtlllers' fin
-4 ished goods, per gal, $1 26; sugars, cut loaf,
i unchanged.
Articles— Receipts. ■ Phi].!. 1 * nts
Flour, barrels 13.000 10.000
Wheat, bushels. E9.G00 IS. OOO
Corn, bushels 159,000 199,000
Oats, bushels 192,000 98,000
Rye, bushels 4,000 1.000
Barley, bushels 37,000 6.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was ciuiet. Creameries, 13@18%c; Dai
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 19. 1899.
ries, 11%@17c. Eggs,' steady; fresh, 12% c.
Cheese, unchanged.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat — May. July. :
Opening 5 7% 5 7%
Closing 5 7"i 5 7 "4
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— April. May-Aug.
Opening '. 42 CO 43 40
Closing ..42 80 43 50 !
Wheat-
Opening 20 S5 2100
Closing 20 95 2115
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK. April IS.— Special cable and
telegraphic advices to Bradstreefs indicate the
following chances in the available supply of
grain last Saturday, as compared with the
preceding Saturday:
Wheat— United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decrease, 556.0C0 bushels.
Liverpool Corn Trade News: Afloat for and
in Europe, decrease, 100,000 bushels. Total sup
ply, decrease, 686,000 bushels.
Corn — United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decrease, 2,547,000 bushels.
Oats United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease, 661,000 _ bushels.
The aggregate stocks 'of wheat held at
Portland. Or., and Taconm and Seattle, Wash.,
Increased 66,000 bushels last week.
* BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, April IS.— The American Woo! and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow:
The feature of the wool market during the
past week has been the sale of a consid
erable amount of territory wool for ex- |
port, taken by English parties who are sup- j
posed to have paid for the same about 3S |
cents clean. There have been free exports of |
Australian wool also, which has been held hera
in bond, purchasers paying from 40 to 45 cents
clean. The market presents a remarkable con
dition of affairs. With a duty of 11 cents per |
pound on fine wools, we behold the singular j
spectacle of the domestic product selling at 1
such a low price as to warrant its exportation. <
The general market has been fairly active, the I
sales for the past week aggregating nearly j
5.000,000 pounds. The demand has been chiefly
for territories grading fine medium. Prices are
steady and unchanged, but any attempt to se
cure an advance instantly checks negotiations
between buyers and sellers. The sales of the
last week ,have been made at as low prices as
have been seen this year for the same quality
of stuff.
The sales of the week at Boston amounted to
3,270.000 pounds domestic and 1.661.500 pounds
foreign, making a total of 4,931,500 pounds,
against a. total of 7,927,500 for the previous
week, and a total of 1,151,000 pounds for the
corresponding week last year. Sales since
January 1. 1599. amount to 61.935.300 pounds,
against 41,573,810 pounds last year at this
time.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, April IS.— CATTLE— There was a
good demand to-day nt strong prices. Fancy
grades. 85 65iJ?5 75; choice steers. $5 30@5 60;
mediums, 16®5 25; beef steers, $1. ; 4 70: bulls,
12 60(iJ4 10; cows and heifers, $3 40@4 25; West
ern fed steers, ?4 20@5 20; Texas steer 3, $3 70<8>
4 90; calves, $3 50@6.
HOGS — There was a good local and shipping
demand. Sales were made all the way from
J3 65^13 7". for the commonest droves up to
$3 95JT4 02% for the best lots, the greater part
being disposed of at 83 Ss@3 97%; pigs, $3 35@
3 85.
SHEEP— Owing to small receipts yesterday's
weakness was checked. Lambs again com
prised the bulk of the offerlnes and wooled
Colorado-Mexicans sold rreely at $5 75@5 85;
wooled Western lambs, $." liU'U ij 75; shorn lots,
$4 90@5 15; culls. $3 75®4 50; yearlings, $4 SO®
4 93; sheep, $3 75 4 S5, most of them being
shorn.
Receipts— Cattle, 2500; hoes, 15,000; sheep,
10,000.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, April IS.— Consols, 110%; silver,
2" s id; French rentes, 102f 2%c; wheat cargoes
off coast, buyers and sellers apart; cargoes on
passage, rather firmer; cargoes No. 1 standard
California. 2*3* 3d; cargoes Walla Walla, 2Ss^
English country markets, steady. *
LIVERPOOL. April Wheat, firm; wheat
in Paris, firm; flour in Paris, steady; French
country' markets, quiet; weather In England,
cloudy.
COTTON— Uplands. S%d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot. No. 1 red Northern Duluth,
firm. 6s 31. Futures quiet; May and July, 53
%d.
CORN— Spot. American mixed new, firm, 3s
, r .' d: American mixed old, firm, 33 S%d. Fu
tures, firm; April, 3s 5%d; May, 3s 5%d; July,
3s 5%d.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. April 18.— Clearings, 8215,
--54: 1 ; balances, $25,972.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or., April IS.— Wheat—
Walla, 60c; Valley, 60c; Bluestem, 61<Q62c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash.. April 18.— Wheat— There
was an Improvement of %c in the market yes
terday in Tacoma on the strength of the ad
vance in Eastern markets. Wheat receipts,
light; Club. 68% c; Bluest em, 61% c.
j m
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — ;: 85
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S7
Sterling Cables — '4 V!
New York Exchange, sight — 1»
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 12%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 59%
Mexican Dollars — 4S(g4S%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are dull on the ppot,
but in fair Inquiry for new crop, loading at
28a '.'<i'.!<, usual options. The chartered
wheat fleet in port has a registered tonnage
of 2333, against 10,370 tons on the same date
last year; disengaged, 58.700 tons, against
26,900; on the way to this port, 170,900 tons,'
against 217,000.
The Koutenburn takes for Cork 07,203 ctls,
valued at $76,450.
Chicago advanced from 74 1 to 76%, and fell
back to 75V4- Private advices from there said
that the market was still nervous, and thai
cron damages could not be Ignored much
longer; that the Illinois State report says that
the State will not produce bread. and seed, and
that the temperature in the Dakotaa is in the
twenties. The local market ruled firm under
this bullish news and prices advanced.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 1 C6'.4@l 0S»4; milling,
$1 10@l 12%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— December—
30,000 ctls, U 14; 2000. $1 13%; 6000, 1 I.V; 4 ; 20,000,
$114%; May— $1 os>,i; 2000, 1 QS%; 2000,
$1 OS%.
Second Session— December— Sooo ctls, $1 13* i;
28.000, $1 13%; May— Booo, $1 0&%; S'joo, $1 os-^i;
4000. $1 08%; 2000, $1 08%.-
Regular Morning Session — December — 14,000
ctls. $1 13' i; 33,000. $1 13%; May— $1 08*4.
Afternoon Session — December — 4000 ctls,
$1 13%: May— 2ooo. $1 08%.
The continued dry weather is beginning to
affect the market, and futures are rising, but
the spot market remains unchanged.
BARLEY— $1 02Vi@l 07%; Brewing,
$1 l(Vgl 12% per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— Seller '99, new
—10,000 ctls, 87; 18,000, 87%; 2000, 87%; 2000,
57%.
Second Session— Seller '93, new— 2ooo ctls,
87%; 6000. 87%: 4000. 87%.
Regular Morning Session— Seller '99, new—
6000 ctls, 87%; 2000, 87%.
Afternoon Session— Seller '99, new — 4000 - ctls,
87%
OATS— are rather looking for better
prices before long, as receipts have been light
for some time and stocks are getting reduced.
At the same time the demand is light.
Fancy Feed, $1 42%@1 45 per ctl: good to
choice, $1 37' 3 fTl 40; common, $1 32'iffl 35; Sur
prise. $1 45@1 50; Gray, $1 32%©1 37%; Milling.
$1 vi-,, 1 42% per ctl-; Red, »1 45-0 1 50; Black, $1 30
@1 40.
CORN— White Is lower. Otherwise there is
no change in' prices. The market continues
quiet.
Small round Yellow, $1 25; Eastern large Yel
low. $1 12%; White, $1 12%; mixed. $1 0614®
1 10 per ctl; California White, nominal.
RYE— Continues dull at $1 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOT?ft— California family extras. $4; bakers*
extras, $3 85^3 90; Oregon and Washington,
$3(Q:3 65 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
low?, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour, $2 75 per
100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra
cream Cornmeal, $3 23; Oatmeal, $4 50574 75;
Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy, $3 25@3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 85«R6 95; In sacks, $6 33@6 75;
Pearl Barley, $s;' Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 pounds.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Receipts of Hay during the past three or
four days have not averaged over 350 tons per
day, but there is so much old stock on hand
that the market does not get a chance to im
prove. Still, some . sales are being made at
the quotations. • • .
Middlings are rather lower, but Bran rules
firm with light arrivals.
BRAN— SIS r.i ■<!'■■ 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 50020 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $23 50@24 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31@31 50; job
bing. $32@'32 50; " oanut Cake, $24&25; Cotton
seed Meal, $2s!g3o per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50®
24 50: Cracked Corn, $24@25; Mixed Feed,
$16 50©17 50.
CALIFORNIA Wheat, $13@14 for
good to choice and $10@12 for lower grades;
Wheat and Oat, $10@13; Oat, $10@12; Barley, $9
©11: Alfalfa, $607.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon, Nevada, etc.)
—Wheat ami Wheat and Oat, $7<SB; Cheat,
tfitiS; Grass Hay, $6;§S; Oat, $7@S; Clover, $6<Jj;S;
! Timothy. $6@7 per ton.
STRAW— »©6Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
The firmness In Limas continues, owing- to
the dry weather. The other kinds are quiet
and v unchanged. Seeds rule dull at the old
prices. /
BEANS— $1 75@1 85; Small Whites,
?2 30ff12 20; Large Whites, $1 So@l 90; Pinks,
*2 05@2 16; Reds. $3 25@3 35; Blackeye, $3 75®
3 85; Butters, $2 25<§2 50: Llmas. $3 90@4;
Pea, $2 2S@2 50; Red Kidneys, $2 50@2 60 per
ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 2%@3c; Flax. $2 1502 25; Canary Seed.
2Vi@2%c per lb; Alfalfa, B»i@9y.c; Rape, 2Vi@
2%c; Hemp. 2>4@3c; Timothy. 605% c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 65@1 70; Green, $2®
2 30 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
■ • ~— — _
Receipts were 122 boxes Asparagus, 458 boxes
Rhubarb, 254 sacks Peas and 168 sacks new
Potatoes.
Potatoes and Onions are firm at the advance
already noted.
Vegetables remain about the same, though
Peas are weak under larger arrivals. To
matoes are scarce and firm.
POTATOES— SI 40@l 50 per ctl for Early Rose,
Jl 40@l 65 for River Burbanks; Oregon, $1 15
@1 30 for seed anil $1 5002 for large; Sweet
Potatoes, $3 for Merced; New Potatoes, lVi@
2% per lb.
ONIONS — for fair and 85c@,i per ctl
I for fancy.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 60@76c per box
' for No. 2, $I@l 60 for No. 1 and $1 75 for fancy;
I Rhubarb, 40©75 c per box for the general run
and «oc!&*i for fancy; Green Peas, 3®sc; String
Beans, B©loc for green and 8c for Golden
Wax; Cabbage, H15016O: Tomatoes, $1 7502;
i Ekk Plant, 15c per lb; Garlic, 12V4c per lb;
i Dried Okra, 15c per lb; Dried Peppers, 10c;
Green Peppers, 20025 c; Carrots, 260350 per
, sack; Mushrooms are about gone; Hothouse Cv
! cumbers, 50c@$1 50 per dozen; Sacramento Cv-
I cumbers, 60c; Summer Squash from Los An
geles, 10c per lb.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Two cars of Eastern sold at 14©lGc for Tur
keys, $7!§s for Ducks, $2 for Geese, $6 7507 60
for Hens, $8 &o<<i9 for young Roosters, and
$5 60@6for old Roosters. Another car will be
put on to-day.
Local Poultry is rendered rather quieter and
weaker by these receipts from the Bast, but
.there is no serious decline.
Game is still dull and in small receipt.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, nominal; live
Turkeys, 13@14c tor Gobblers and 14015 c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 7602; Goslings,
$2 25r 60; Ducks, $6^7 for old and $7 50© 8 50
for young; Hens, $"/<<<; 50; young Roosters, $7 50
®9; old Roosters. $5-i.-. 50; Fryers, J6@7; Broil
ers, $s<g6 for large, $3@4 50 for small; Pigeons,
$1 60£il 75 per dozen for old and $2(g2 25 for
Squabs.
GAME— Gray Geese, 5202 50; White Geese,
60&75 c; Hare, 76c@$l; Rabbits, $1 25 for Cot
tontails ami $1 for email; English Snipe, $2 50®
3 per dozen.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
There is no further change in Eggs, though
the feeling was rather steady than otherwise
yesterday. Stocks are ample for all current
needs. Cheese is quiet at the old prices. But
ter is plentiful, quiet and weak.
BUTTER—
Creamery — creamery. 16'*.!§17c; seconds,
16c.
— Fancy, 15c; good to choice, 14@14V2C;
store, llf&ll'c per llj.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. U@U%c; old.
IOiQ'IOHc; Cream Cheddar, l2®l2Vic; Young
America, *UV4@l2V4c; Eastern, Il%<gl4c.
EGGS— Quoted at It>(fil6%c for store and 17 i
17V4c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 16@17c per
dozen.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Receipts were 100 boxes Cherries and 147
chests Strawberries.
Receipts of Cherries are slowly increasing,
but prices remain high. Strawberries are
steadily declining.
Apples are getting still scarcer and are very
firm. Limes have azain advanced. Lemons
and Oranges are unchanged and quiet.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, $1 25@1 50 for common, $2©2 50 per
bos tor No. 1 and >".■<<:; 50 for choice to fancy.
Strawberries, |609 per chest for small and
$3 s"(<if> for large berries.
i berries. SlOl 26 for white and $1 5002 per
box for black. A special brand of black sold
at $3.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $2 25<53 50
per box; Seedlings, tVg.2; Mediterranean Sweets,
$1 oOii"; Lemons. $1 25@1 50 for common and
$2(<?2 ."0 for good to choice; Mexican Limes,
$5 50@6; California Limes, 50@75c per small
box; Grape Fruit, $203; Bananas, {1 50@2 50 per
bunch; Pineapples, 5204 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
The only change In prices is. an advance In
sun-dried Apples. The Fruit market continues
firm and generally well cleaned up. The other
descriptions are unchanged.
DRIED FRUITS— 7c for 40-50's, 5@
,-,:•■• for 50-60*8, 4'@4%c for 60-70's. SKO3&O for
70-80'« 2»i'6f3»4c- for 80-90's, 2Vi's'2%c for 90-100' ■
and 2@2%c for 100-no's; Peaches, 8%@9%C for
good to choice, 1 • M"V for fancy and for
peeled; Apricots, l- 1 - ! 15c for Royals and
for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 9<^9V2c; «un
dried, <;•■■>,;■■■, Black Figs, Backs, 3',ic; Plums,
nominal, 2c for unpltted and 4HO6c lor pitted;
Pears, nominal.
RAISINS— 3*ic for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown. 5%e tor four-crown, 4H<g6c for Seedless
Sultanas, 3% for Seedless Muscatels and Jl 20
for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2?i@3c.
Chestnuts, 7c per n>; Walnuts, s@Sc
for hardshell, 10011 c for softshell; Almonds,
869 c for hardshell. 12<§.13c for softshell, 14016 c
for papershell; Peanuts, 6^ 7c for Eastern and
4H@sc for California; Cocoanuts. $4 5005.
HONEY— Comb, 10'ullc for bright and 809 c
for lower grades; water white extracted, ~' t -i
"Vie; light amber extracted, 7c; dark, 5'<.:.' ; .;
per lb.
BEESWAX— 2o<g"27c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
Hams are very firm, with a disposition to
ask higher prices. Otherwise there is nothing
new.
CURBS MEATS— Bacon, Sc per Ib for heavy,
S%S9c for light medium, 10^@llc for light,
12c for extra light and 12Vi@13c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10»/3@llc; Califor
nia Hams, 10c; Mess Beef. $13 per bbl; extra
M. •■ • BeeT, $14; Family Beef, $l.".'y 15 50; extra
prime Pork, $12; extra clear, $18; mess, $16;
Smoked Beef, lie per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at sVi@s*ic per IT) for
compound and 7%@7*ic for pure; half barrels,
pure. 8c; 10-11) tins, BV2C; 5-ll> tins, B% c .
COTTOLENE— 6%(§6%c; packages,
less than 300 His, 1-lb pails, 60 in a case, 9%c;
3-rt) pails, 20 in a ca-=»e, B%c; 5-lb pails, 12 in
a case, S^c; 10-Ib pails, 6 In a case, B%c; 80-Ib
tins, l or 2 in a case, 7 T »'-; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, B%c; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110. lbs, 7%c;
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
•
There Is nothing doing in Hops and quota
tions remain unchanged. Wool Is moving off
rather better at steady prices, in sympathy with
the East, but no further changes in quotations
are reported. 1
Some contracts in Oregon Hops at 10c per lb
arc resorted. Hides are tlrm at the advance
already noted and the demand Is good.
Tallow is firm and unchanged.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9@9%c; light, l .ic; Cow
hides, 9c; Stags, 6®B%c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, 16e; culls and brands,
13c; dry Kip and Veal, ls@-15V4c; dry Calf, 17c:
Sheepskins, shearlings, 10@30c each; short
Wool, 35i&60c each; medium, 70@90c; long Wool,
90cQ$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt. $1 75<g2 25
for large and $1 for small; Colts, 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4V 4 @4»4c per Tb;
No. 2. SH@4c; refined, ; grease, 3c.
WOOL — Spring Clips — San Joaquin and
Southern, 7 months, 7®9c; year's staple, B^(2
8c; Foothill and Northern free, 10@12c; Foot
hill and Northern defective, 8@10c; Nevada,
B@llc. • *
Fall Wools— s
Northern Mountain e'j'frsc
Southern 6@7\4c
Plains 4©6 c
HOPS — IS9B crop, 10@llc per Id for ordinary.
12@12Vic for good and 13^150 for choice to fancy
from first hands.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags, B»4c for June
and July; Wool Bags, 2G(«2Bc; San Quentin
Bags, $4 95.
— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle.
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $8: Cumberland, $8 in bulk and $9 25
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel, $S 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Oastle
Gate, $7 CO; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14
In sacks.
Since the Moana left the following coal ves
sels have arrived from Newcastle, N. S. W. :
Strathdon, 3057 tons; Sonoma, 1597; Prussia,
1&20; total, 6474 tons. Under ordinary circum
stances the very light deliveries of Australian
fuel for the past several months would have
caused a marked advance of price, whereas no
change Is at all noticeable and but few In
quiries are being made for colonial grades, as
they are being supulanted by our northern
coast products. Colliery proprietors at New
castle very Imprudently advanced their prices
Is per ton at- a most Inopportune time, as
freights were then at their highest point, caus
ing the delivery price here to reach such a
figure that our large consumers were diverted
to cheaper fuel. There are at present thirty
seven vessels chartered for here from Sydney
and Newcastle, with a carrying canaclty of
about 98,000 tons. Of these ten have already
left. With the present promising outlook for
our incoming harvest there should be fully
50 per cent more tonnage chartered in the
colonies to transport coal to this port. Freight
rates from Newcastle are quoted at 16s per
ton, as tonnage Is reported to be in demand
for other sections, but the writer looks for a
decline from present asking rates when our
grain shippers enter the market as charterers,
which must be very shortly now. The season
Is advancing too rapidly for them not to de
clare thmeselves at an early date. Several en
gagements have recently been made for Swan
sea loading at less freights than from New
castle. This will serve to diminish colonial
deliveries.
CORDAGE— ManiIa, 9%c; Sisal, S'^c; Duplex,
7Vic basis.
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas. 75r®Sl 25;
Asparagus, $1 50^1 75; Tomatoes, 85@90c.
CANNED FRUlTS— Cherries, $1 35{gl 50 for
black and $1 5001 SO for white; Peaches, $1 40@
175; Pears, $145^160: Apricots, $1 35£il 60;
Plums. 95c©l 15.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— l4®lsc for prime
washed; 13@14c for good washed; 13@15c for
good to prime washed peaberry; ll&HVic for
good peaberry; I]igl3c for good to prime; lO'Jllc
nominal for good current mixed with black
beans; S^tglOVjc for fair; 6@7%c for common to
ordinary. Salvador — 10@12c for good to prime
washed; B(g3%c for fair washed; lO^^n^c 1 r
good to prime washed peaberry; 7 7 /B@S%c for
superior unwashed; 7'-'3'7%c for good green un
washed; 9V.-^t'loc for good to prime unwashed
peaberry. Nicaragua— 7urr/S'i.c nominal for
good to superior unwashed; 9010 c nominal for
good to prime unwashed peaberry. Guatemala
and Mexican— l4V2<gl7fec for prime to fancy
washed; n<&l3H>c for good to strictly good
washed; SUglO^c for fair washed; 708 ] /&c for
medium, 5%06%c for inferior to ordinary; lO'i®
12c for good to prime washed peaberry; :■
for good unwashed peaberry; 7V2 l ijß^c foi good
to superior unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Prices have again ad
vanced and the market is very stiff.
Bundles, 5%c; cases, selected, 6Vic: cases.
Imitation, Eastern, 6%c; Boneless, 7>4c; Strips,
7 a 4 S)S%c; Blocks, 7KOBUc; Tablets, b%c; Mid
dles. 7%@9%c per lb; desslcated. per dozen,
S7^c; pickled, bbls, $9 50; half bbls, $5 25 per
bbl.
LEATHER— SoIe, heavy, 25@28c per lb;
Sole Leather, medium, 2Va2oc; Sole Leather,
light, 24<Lj:25c; rough Leather, heavy, 21(ci25c;
rough Leather, light. 24<&25c; Harness Leather,
heavy. 32@33c; Harness Leather, mediu:,
82c; Harness Leather, light, 29!§30c; Collar
Leather, 14'gl6c per foot; Kip, finished, 40045 c
per lb; Veal, finished. 50fi55c; Calf, finished,
7Bc@sl; Sides, finished, le^Kc per foo:; Belt
Knife Splits, 14<&16c; Rough Splits, StglOc per
lb.
OlL— California Castor Oil, cases. No. 1, 75c;
pure, $1 00; Linset'd Oil, in barrels, boiled. 59c;
raw, 57c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra win
ter strained, barrels, 54c; No. 1, 46c; casrs, ;,c
more; China Nut, 45(g55c per gallon; Pura
Neatsfoot Oil, barrels, 50c; cases, 55c: Sperm,
crude, 60c natural white, 40c; bleached white.
<2Hc; Whale Oil. natural white, 37Vic; blsach^d
white, 45c; Pacific Rubber Mixed Paints, white
and house colors. $1 25'ftl 35 per gallon; wagon
colors, J2ig2 25 per gallon.
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA—Water White Coal Oil, In bulk, 12Vic per
gallon; Pearl Oil, in cases, 17>^c; Astral Oil,
17%e; Star Oil, 17% c; Extra Star Oil. 21Vic;
Elaine Oil, 2'zic; Eocene Oil, 19& C; Deodorized
Stove Gasoline, in bulk. 15',ic; In cases, 21c;
lienzire. In bulk, 15c; in cases, 20c; 86-de.qrce
Gasoline, in bulk, 21c; in cases, 26c.
CANDLES— Electric Light Candles, 6s, 16 oz,
B%c; 6b, 14 oz. 7Vic: 6s, 12 oz. 6%; 6s, 10 oz,
5%c; 12s, 12 oz, 714 c; Granite (Mining) Candles—
6s, 16 oz, 9Uc; 6s, 14 oz, SVic: 6s, 12 oz, 7%c; fis,
10 oz, B\c; Parafflne Wax Candles— ls, 2s, 4s,
(is, white, 9V£c; 12s, lO'/ic; colored, lc hlghtr.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6ft7c per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases, 61c; In iron barrels,
56e; in wooden barrels, 58c.
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels, 54c; raw, barrels,
52c; canes, 5c more.
QUICKSILVER— S42 per flask for local use
:i_n«l 140 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 5%c; Powdered, 5%c: 'Januy
Granulated, 5^ 4 c; Dry Granulated, s'hc; Con
fectloners 1 A, 6>- s c; California A, 4%c; Mag
nolia A, 4»«c: Kxtra C, 4^c; Golden C, 4' ■»,.•;
half barrels, Uc more than barrels, and box»s
J4c more; bans. 1-I6c less. No order taken for
less than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
LUMBER.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes, $15<gl8; extra sizes, higher;
Redwood, $17 for No. 1 and $14015 for No 2:
Lath, 4 feet, $2 20^2 50; Pickets, $14; Shingle?!
$1 30 for common and $2 25 for fancy: Shakes,
for Split and $10 50 for Sawn; Rustic, $15
1(3-1. ,
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
The lack of rain is beginning to affect feed
and Beef is quoted firmer again in conse
quence. Mutton, Lamb and Veal aro un
changed. Hogs are firm and in li^-ht receipt
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7ttOBVfcC per lb.
VEAL— Large, 7c; small. 7%©Be per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7> .-. . Ewes, 7c per lb.
LAMB— Spring, 10011 c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 506% c for small, 5%@5%c
hum and 4%04%c for large; stock Hogs
and Feeders, 4lt4Uc; dressed Hogs, £'. r q~''^-
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Tuesday, April 18.
Flour, qr sks 17,M.i1' Wool bales ...
Wheat, ctls SSO Pelts, bdls 767
Barley, ctls s::. Hides, No 902
Butter, ctls Cl 6 Eggs, doz 26.49 D
Cheese, ctla S2;Sugar, sks 4. M0
fallow, > l!h 21 '> Sugar, bbls 144
Beans, sks 858 Lumber, fe^t
P tatoes, ska ... 799 tjuirksllver flks.
Dnions, sks 40 Leather, roils ... 123
I:™":, sks ; 2.225 Wine, gals 34,1*00
Middlings, sks.... 60|Powder, car . 1
Hay, tons 314 ' Brandy, gals .... 4 ch*i
Straw, tons 17 ! Lime, bbls 273
THE STOCK MARKET.
Local securities continued active on the nr ru
ing session ami Hawaiian Commercial advanced
s-tlll further to $1 02%. Mutual Electric sold up
to $16 37% and Giant Powder to $64 "5.
On the afternoon call Hawaiian advanced to
$103 and Giant to $66 25.
Mining stocks opened higher, but dropped
back. Business was very dull. The telegram
from the pump said: "Elevator working st»ad-
Ily. Water in the 1750 level winze 25 feet below
the station."
The Comsi ick Pumping Association now has
in its Treasury the sum of $19,183 '". with all
expenses paid. As there only remains $15,000
to be paid on the successful accomplishment
of the contract to drain the water 50u f.
low the Sutro tunnel the association has more
than enough money on hand for that purpose,
but there will be other expenses, including the
charges for the water supplied for pressure.
The annual meeting nf the Justice Mining
Company has been called for May 1.
The annual meeting of the Consolidated Im
perial Mining Company has been called for
May 3.
Th.> following ore shipments were made by
r;MI from the mines of Eureka District, Xev.,
for the woek ending April 14: Diamond. 161,160
pounds; Eureka Con., 76,500; Jackson, 65.470.
The Dexter mine of Tuscarora, NVv., recently
shipped a bar of bullion valued at J42W and
2imi nunjß of auro-cyanides.
The usual quarterly dividends of the Alaska-
Mexican mine and the Alaska Treadwell mine
both properties on Douglas Island, Alaska, will
be paid on the iMh inst. The former is loc
per share, or $IS,CK)O, and is the eighteenth de
clared, while the latter is :f7 l ic per share or
$75,000, and is the fortieth declared.
The trustees of the Montana Ore Purchasing
Company have declared the regular quarterly
dividend of $1 per share, or $80,000. pavabfo
April 10. '
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, April 18—2 p. m.
Morning Session.
Board —
6 Bank of California 256 00
10 Contra Costa Water 6fi 50
75 Equitable Gas 7 62 ' A
10 Giant Powder Con 63 75*
5 Giant Powder Con 64 75
U Giant Powder Con fir. 25
860 Hawaiian Commercial &. Sugar 102 75
160 Hutchinsnn S P Co 32 00
.", Market Street Railway 63 75
$2000 Market Bt Ry Con 5 per cent bds.ll7 00
100 Mutual Electric Light 16 25
20 Mutual Electric Light 16 37Vi
$4000 North Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds.. lll 50
240 Panuhau S P Co 39 00
B Pacific Gas Imp 77 00
SO Ban Francisco Baa & Electric Co 73 75
100 San Francisco Qaa ft Electric Co 74 00
2 Spring Valley Water 102 25
Afternoon Session.
Board— •
10 Alaska Packers' Assn 110 00
10 Alaska Packers' Assn 110 12^
50 Contra Costa Water, s 3 66 50
150 Contra Costa Water 6G 50
150 Giant Powder Con 66 00
5 Giant Powder Con 66 25
5 Giant Powder Con 66 12V4
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 103 00
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 102 75
si> Hutchinson S P Co, cash 32 00
50 Hutchinson S P Co, s 3 32 00
14.") Hutchinson S P Co 32 00
$50(10 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bonds.. 105 00
50 Market Street Railway, s 30 63 50
15 Market Street Railway 63 50
60 Mutual Electric Light 16 25
50 Mutual Electric Light 16 371 A
$3000 Omnibus Cable 6 per cent bonds 126 00 "
210 Paauhau S P Co 3» 00
5 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 74 00
10 Spring Valley Water 102 25
Street —
$10,000 Market Bt Ry Con 0 per cent bds.ll7 00
$10,000 Contra Costa Water bonds 109 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
6 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 74 00
25 Hutchinson S P Co 32 ]oix
60 Contra Costa Water 66 B0
20 Spring Valley Water 102 25
Afternoon Session.
Board —
30 Giant Powder Con B4 no
&0 Market Street Railway 63 75
50 Mutual Electric Co 16 37^
15 Alaska Packers' Assn 110 00
2.". Equitable Gaslight 7 S7V4
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Caledonia 33 100 Occidental ... 15,
50 Challenge 33 500 Ophir 115
in Cal & Val 80 500 Potosl 24
300 Crown Point... 20 ion Sierra Nevada 1 05
100 Hale & Norcrs 20 500 I T tah 13
50 Hale * Norcrs 25 100 Yellow Jacket 39
100 Mexican 59 1
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 3l| 50 Potosl 24
300 Chollar 32 1 100 Savage 27
:i Cal & Va.l 75 i 100 Savage 28
500 Hale & Norcrs 25 100 Sierra Nevada. 1 05
100 Mexican 56 100 Union Con 47
50 Ophlr 110 600 Yellow Jacket. 38
250 Potosl 23
Following? were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Afternoon Session.
600 Best & Belcher 57 1 300 Hale & Norcrs 2r.
400 Challenge Con.. 31 500 Justice 10
200 Chollar 811 800 Ophlr 112%
50 Chollar 30 i 500 Ophir 116
800 Con Cal & V...1 75 500 Overman 12
400 Con Cal & V.I 72% UOO Potosl 23
400 Gould & Curry 391 300 Union Con .... 47
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, April 18—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Julia 02 03
Alpha Con .... 05 08 Justice 15 17
AHa 10 11 Kentuck 04 06
Andes 11 1» Lady Wash.... — 02
Belcher 33 35 Mexican 56 57
Best & Belcher 56 57 Occidental 33 —
Bullion 02 03 Ophir 1 1 11 1 I>>
Caledonia 30 31 Overman 12 13
Chollar 31 32 Potosi 22 24
Challenge Con.. SO — Savage -<> 28
Confidence 75 TKiScorplon 01 03
Con Cal & Va.l 70 1 7.") ss, Belcher.... 03 M
c.<n Imperial.. 01 02S:-a Nevada.l 00 106
Crown Point.... 13 20 Silver Hill — "4
Con New York. 02 — Syndicate 05 07
Eureka Con — nOlStandard 2502 i 5
Exchequer — 03 L'nion Con 46 47
Gould & Curry. 3S 39; Utah 11 H
Hale & Norcrs 25 261 yellow Jacket.. 37 38
ASSESSMENTS VENDING.
in the
Board.
Day of
Sale.
■cciaentai I
Jest & Belcher...
fellow Jacket.... I
•ccidental
)phlr |
; 'tah ...j
32 [..Apr. 7 ..May 1 10
66 ...Apr. 7 ..May 2 10
1 .Apr. 7 ..May 17 15
32 [..Apr. 7.. May 1 10-
-74 ..Apr. 6 ..May 1 15
30 ..May 61. .May 291 05
31 ..May 51.. May 29( 20
54 . ..May 51.. May 29! 05
2 ..May 131.. June 5 10
76 ..May l.V..June 8| 10
Jtah
'onfldence
...111,-.- I
?ulllon J
I ale & Norcross.'
,'rown Point I
■ ♦ ■
Builders' Contracts.
Neustadter Bros, (owners) with S. H. Kent
(Contractor). Shea & Shea architects. Brick,
iron, carpentry, mill work, plumbing, paint-
Ing work, etc., for a 4-story frame factory
building on S line of Grove street. 103:6 E of
Gough, E 34 by 76. and adjoins present factory
building: $77(0.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San ,
Francisco Bay. Published by official au- j
thorlty of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY, APRIL 19.
Pun rises 5:27
Sun sets 6:49
Moon sets 1:68 a. m.
0 I Time! ITlmel Time I Time
g. I 1 Ft. ( 1 Ft. Ft. I 1 Ft.
a 'L Wl IH WJ L W H W
' ... 1:11 2.9 6:44 4.0 12:39 1.2 8:0*>! 4.9
i ... 2:00 2.4 7:49 4.11 1:45 1.31 8:37 5.1
. ... 2:39 1.9 8:41 4.1 2:20 1.5 9:05 5.2
: ...I 3:14! 1.41 9:31 4.3 2:54 1.7 9:30 5.4
I ... 3:461 0.8! 10:191 4.5 3:30 1.9 9:56 5.8
, ... 4:21 0.2( 11:06 4.6 4:06 2.1 10:24| 5.8
. ... 6:01 — 0.3J 11:51 4.6 4:42 2.3( IC:55| 5.9
. — — _
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are Riven In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence a? to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
ami the lost or right hand column gives the j
last tide of the day. except when there are but |
three tirtf-s. ns sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign ( — ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower lew waters.
TIME BALL.
Branrh Hydroirraphlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
April 18, 1899.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
bulldinK was 'ir'Tr 1 "'! at exactly nnon to-day —
I. p., at noon nf th° 120 th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant. T T . S. N.. in charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
B. Hernster....'Co.-uille River.'. IApl. 19
Samoa Humboldt |Apl. 19
Columbia Portland iApl. '29
Coos Bay Newport lApl. 20
Czarina ! Victoria A Pupet Sound Apl. 20
Point Arena Point Arena Apl. 20
North Fork Humboldt lApl. 21
City of Para... I Panama lApl. 21
Corona San Diego 'Apl. 22
Walla Walla.... Victoria & Puget Sound IApl. 22
Pomona Humboldt — -. IApl. 22
Bristol [Departure Bay IApl. 22
Coquille River. .(Grays Harbor Apl. 22
Empire Coos Bay Aid. 23
Wyefleld INanalmo Apl. 23
Luella Tillamook Apl. 2.*.
Wee, lYaquina Bay IApl. 24
Bonita INewport IApl. 24
Alliance (Portland ." IApl. 24
Crescent City...] Crescent City 'Apl. 24
State of Cal.... Portland Apl. 25
Australia Honolulu : Apl. 25
Curacao [Mexico Apl. 25
Santa Rosa 'San Diego |Ad1 26
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
I 1
Mariposa .. Sydney lApl. 19, 10 Pier 7
Aloha (Point Arena.. 'Apl. 19. 3 pmlPier 2
Pomona IHumboldt lApl. 19, 2pm Pier 9
Newburg ■■ Grays Harbor Apl. 20, 'pm Pier 2
A. Blanch' d I Humboldt Apl. 20, 5 Pier 13
Santa Rosa San Diego iApl. 20, .1 am Pter 11
City Rio J.. (China* JapanlApl. 20, 1 pm PMSS
Queen (Vie & Pgt Sd.rApl. 21. 10 amlPler 9
Coos Bay... (Newport |Apl. 22, 9 amPler 11
Pt. Arena.. Arena.. Apl. 22, 3 pmfpier 2
Columbia ..'Port'->nd I A pi. 23, 10 am Pier 24
Corona 'San Diego jApl. 24. 11 amPler 11
Bonlta INewport I Apl. 26. 9 an. Pier 11
Walla WallVlc & Pgt Sd.lApl. 26, 10 am ' Pier .
State Cal... IPortland lApl. 28, 10 am! Pier 24
SHIPPIXG IXTELLIGE.ME.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, April 1"!.
Btmr Scotia, Lundquist, 60 hours from Pan
!'•■■ Iro,
Stmr George Loomis, Erid^ett, 39 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 61 s i hours from
San Die^o. etc.
Ship George Stetson, Patton, 149 days from
Now Y. rk.
Solir Corinthian, Korth, 20 hours from Bowens
Landing:.
Sehr Mlzpah, Owens, 4 days from Coquille
River.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, April IS.
Ptmr Orizaba, Hall, Seattle; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Stmr San Jose, McLean, Panama, etc; P M
B S Co.
Schr <"zarina. Schmalz, codfishing; McCol
hnn FiFlilni^ and Trading Company.
Hr ship RiversdaJe, Griffiths, Iquique; Meyer
Wilson & Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday. April 18.
Stmr Bonlta, Xicolson, San Pedro.
Stmr San Jose, McLean, Panama.
Btmr Empire, Nelson, Coos Hay.
T S stnir Hancock. Amos. Manila.
Stmr Orizaba, Hall, Mary Island, via Se
attle.
Stmr State of California. Goodall, Astoria.
Stnw Gipsy. Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr deone, HlßKins, Crescent City.
Stmr Scotia, Lunquist.
Stmr Newsboy, Ellefsen, Usal.
Stmr Empire, Nelson, Coos Bay.
Stmr Alcazar. Gunderson.
Br ship Routenburn, Jensen, Queenstown
Schr C H Merchant. Olaen, Seattle.
Schr Sacramento, GrUKKeI, Tillamook Bay
Schr Del Norte, Jacobsen, Ropue River
Schr Nettle Low. Low, Point Reyes
RETURNED.
Tuesday. April IS.
Br ship Routenburn. Jensen, hence this morn
ing; for Quee-nstown. returned on account nf
carrying away foretopsail yard off the light
ship.
CHARTERS.
Th*» Coninna loads lumber on the Sound for
Iquique, 36a; Jane L Stanford, lumber on the
Sound f •'!■ Sydney, 445; Rivendale, nitrate on
the West Coast for the United Kingdom or
Continent, 26s iovi-
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, April 18, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 30 miles.
SPOKEN.
March 10, lat 3 N, long 3.> W-Br ship Har
land, hence Nov 8, for Liverpool
March 29, lat 50 N. long 9 W-Br bark Kirk
hlll, from Cardiff, for Esquimau.
Per bark Ceylon, March SO, lat 27 24 N, lone
133 2C W— Ship Luclle, hence March 25, for
Vladivostok.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived April IS— Stmr Santa
Cruz, from Juneau.
Sailed April 13— Stmr Czarina, for San Fran
cisco.
NEW WHATCOM— Arrived April IS— Schr
Oceania Vance, hence April 6.
Sailed April 18— Schr Ida Schnauer, for San
Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed April IS— Schr Coro
na, for San Pedro.
NEWPORT— Arrived April IS— Schr Bertie
Minor, from Eureka.
TACOMA— Arrived April 17— Stmr Al-Ki, from
Dyea; schr Lena Swcascy. hence April 4. April
16— Br ship Lovernbank. from Victoria,
Sailed April 16— Stmr Mackinaw, for San
Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed April 17— Stmr
Mineola, for Comox.
NEWPORT— Arrived April IS-Sttnr Hueneme,
from Eureka.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed April IS— Stmr Green
wood, for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived April 18-Stmr Noyo,
hence April 17.
NEAH BAY— Passed out April IS— Stmr Czar
ina, from Seattle, for San Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived April 18— Schr Maid of Or
lean., henoe April 7; «tmr Alliance, hence April
"sailed April IS-Stmr Columbia, for San Fran
3h?a tea o& sn^wa
SAN DlEGO— Arrived April I&— benr senna
Dolbeer, for Eureka. io_Qtmr T nplla.
D COOS BAY-Arrlved April IS-StmrLue Ua ,
hence April 15: schr Gotama. hence April \& uth .
VENTURA Balled April 13— Stmr boutn
Coast, for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
PHILADELPHIA - Cleared April |7-Haw
ship Helen Brewer, for Honolulu, -via -New
NORFOLK-Cleared April 17-Ship Charles E
Moody, for Honolulu.
FOREIGN PORTS.
KAHULUI-Salled April 5-Bktn Wrestler,
"outride AprilT Haw ship B D Carleton. from
HONOLULU— To Ball April 12— Fr schr Tahl
tlenne, for Papeete. . . -
1 MANILA-Sailed April 17-Stmr "Valencia, for
Sari Francisco. . _'-.. /->„.,
FALMOUTH-Arrived April IS-Br ship Glen
doon, from Oregon: ship Henry Villanl, from
Tacoma; Br Lark Madagascar, hence Dec 26.
April 17— Ger ship Nereus, from Oregon.
Sailed April. 17— Ger ship Nereus. for Ant-
W LnTERI»OOL— Arrived April IS— Br bark Ni-
1 ' April 17-Stmr Advance,
fr"in New York. _ .
Sailed April 17 Stmr Catania, f"r New York.
CORK Arrived April 14— Br bark Inversnald,
fn in ' >reg;on.
II IMBURG- Arrived April 16— Br ship Gars
daV, fmm Tacoma.
YOKOHAMA -Sailed April 16— Haw stmr Az-
HlLO— Arrived April 2— Haw hark Santiago,
hence March 15. April ' Stmr Elihu Thomson,
from Seattle. April ' Hark Amy Turner, hence
Sailed April S— Haw bark Roderick Dhu, for
San FrancJsco. April 7 -stmr Elihu Thomson,
for Honolulu.
CAPE TOWN— Arrived April 17— Ship John
A Briggs, from Chemainiw.
MAZATLAN — Arrived April 15— Schr San
entura, hence March :-n.
OCEAN TRAVEL
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
h~ Steamers leave Broadway
xvffk, „ wharf. San Francisco:
LfiKSi?'**». For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
! BKgffTsMfc. Apr. 1. 6. 11. 16. 21 - 21. May 1;
1 M&MKffBW change at Seattle.
■EjkJSK For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
RS&SKJp&IVp C). Port Townsend, Seattle.
r^iiS&f&rZM Tacoma. Everett, Anaeorte*
and New Whatcom (Wash).
'•» 10 a. m., Apr. 1. 6, 11. 18. 21.
M, May 1. and every fifth day thereafter;
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N.
P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
1 For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m., Apr. 4.
i 9 14. 19. 24. 29. May 4. and every fifth day
: thereafter.
For Santa Cru«, Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
Gavlota. Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme.
Pan Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport 9 a. m.. Apr. 2, 6, 10. 14. 18. 22. 2«,
80. May 4. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m.. Apr. 4. 8. 12. 16, 20. 24. 28. May I. and
every fourth day thereafter. •
For Fnsenada. Magdalena Bay. San Joae ael
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of eac»
month.
Fcr further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to chart**
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
an'i hours of calling".
TICKET OFOTOK-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS ft CO.. Gen. Agta,.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DT<ST»ATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 18 a. m.
CADE *' 2 First Clasi including Berth*
iMnC S8 Second Clasi and Meals.
Columbia Balls March 14. 24; April i, 11. 21.
Etate of California sails March IS. 29; April
8. 18. 28.
Short Una to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butt*.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
El. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market atr>«C
GOOD ALL. PERKIN3 A CO..
Superintendent.
ANCHOR LIINE
United States Mill Steamships .
Sail from New York Every Saturday tor
Glasgow, via Londonderry.
Saloon Passage. $50 and upward.
Second Cabin
City of Romp. JJWS. Other Steamers, ?30.
Steerage Passage
I Rome, S-5.30. Furaesuta, $24.50. Other
Strs.. $-:* .30.
For Book of Tours and Information apply to
HENDERSON BROTHERS,
General Agents. 7 Bowling Green, New York.
Or J. F. FUGA7.I. 5 Montgomery st..
Or L F. CCfcKROFT, 114 Montgomery St.,
Or R. R. RITCHIE. 2 New Montgomery st.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
For
Golovin Bay,
Port Clarence,
Kotzebue Sound,
Connecting at Kubuck River with the steamer
JOHN REILLT.
BARK ALASKA,
B. COGAN. Master.
Will Sail on or About May I.
For freight or passage apply to
B. COGAN. 44 East st.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW STORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday 10 a. m.
6t. Louis April 12 St. Louis May 3
Paris April 19 Paris May It
New York April 20 St. Paul May II
RED STAR LINE,
New York and twerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Bouthwark April 12 I Noordland May 3
Westernland ...April 19 Frlesland May It
Kensington April 26 Southward May IT
EMPIRtf LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Daw.son City.
For full Information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St., or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
V 7 ncr First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MARU Wednesday. April U
AMERICA MARTT Saturday, May «
HONGKONG MARU Thursday. June 1
Round trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, comer First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
PMBPHKEItfI S - a Mariposa
dafiNlL salls v 'a Honolulu
,•£"*■■■" and Auckland for
g Sydney Wednesday.
Qu^J,'Z\ April 19, at 10 p. m
rSiifMinSnllV The S. S. Australia
CyiKIIIIJiIi;/ sang for Honolulu
(o(nifffll7M~ Wednesday, May S. at
\^iii|wuiici j p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
I Samoa, New Zealand, Australia. India, Suez,
j England, etc. : $610 first-class.
I. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St.
COMPAGNIE QENERALE TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. J> . <^^..
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. 4jfjT3?T\
from Pier 42, North River, foot of r sjgsaa»
I Morton st. LA TOURAINE, April 22; LA
I GASCOGNE. April 29: LA NORMANDIE, May
i 6; LA CHAMPAGNE, May 13; LA BKE-
TAGNE, May 20. First-class to Havre, $65
and upward. 5 per cent reduction on round
trip. Second-class to Havre. $43; 10 per cent
reduction on round trip. GENERAL \GFNCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA 3
Bowling Green, New York. J. F FUG\ZI &
CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Mont?omery aye.,
Fan Francisco.
BAY AND EIVEB ST^AMEBS.
srociKToi^TxcT^
Beginning April 24. THE STEAMER H J
CORCORAN " "
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m
dally, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m
dally (Saturday excepted.) Regular steamers
leave /Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
daily (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 805.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO. .
Steamer "Montlcello." ,
Will be laid off the route for general repairs
for about 10 days, commencing Monday night.FIRST CHOICES
MADE A SWEEP
AT OAKLAND
Talent Finally Had an
Inning.
FLUSH OF GOLD TOOK A DASH
AILYAR HAS REGAINED HIS
LOST SPEED.
Dr. Sheppard Too Speedy for Storm
King — Jenkins Looms Up as a
Very Promising Rider.
Thorpe Fined.
A mrst unusual happeninK at this
I the game sis straight cl
swept everythii .
day. The different winners were all
the bookmakers put
lr. a most unhappy flay of it.
The Burns & Waterhouse stable fur
the first f.-i\ orlte In Bai •
Stror mare appears I »t fa
vor with the public, for
back from even tn^ney to s to 5. Thorpe
took her away in the lead, and with noth
ing to spare in I 15 to
1 chance. Florence Fink, out a length.
Royal Tan, show iiii_- I, "us
d third.
With Artilla scratched and Piggott's
foot loose to ride Flush of Gold, the
Owens Brothers' entry was backed down
to 6 to 5 favoritism. Piggott had her In
front almost from the jump, and, ■■' out
at the wire, downed the hard-ridden Buf
foon less than two lengths. Bamboulia
displayed more gameness than usual,
easily disposing of the remaining strag
glers for third place honors.
111 fortune swms to follow in the w.ike
of Etta H. The fast mare opened favor
ite for the third chapter, a six-furlong
sprint, but seemed to lack speed, and fin
ished a disappointing third. In the ring
Ailyar appeared to be the ready money
article. The Wishard colt's odds went to
6 to 2, and then the smart gentry un
loosened. They were right, for he won
all the way. Frohman, too. ran a good
race, taking the place, but two great
things untied at the same time cannot
win."
In the mile purse run Dr. Sheppard was !
asked to beat Storm King only. The |
other three Bt&rters belonged in another
clime. The ring held the Doctor a 1 to 5
chance, and he led the black horse over
the line a length.
"Frisco" Lind, the clever local trainer, i
ha<l Malay fit to rare for a kingdom, and •
the fragile built brown gelding downed his i
field in the mile and a sixteenth run like ;
breaking sticks. He closed a '.' to 10 fa- I
forite, find Jenkins rode him to perfec- '
tion. Humidity took the place from i
Crossmolina.
Plaji. also ridden by Jenkins, and an j
even money post favorite, defeated his ;
company in the final seven-furlong affair. J
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Tuesday, April 18, 1899.— Seventy-third
day of the winter meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather fine.
Track fast.
ldg*. JAMBS R BT3RGCBON, Starter.
CkOQ FIRST -Futurity course; selling; three-yeai
; purse,
I
Horse.
I
Weight. SL
4m.
I Betting
Op. CI.
4m.
Km. _
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
972 Banewor IC9 4 ... lh lh ... 11 Thorpe .* | 1 8-5
860 Florence Fink 107 7 ... 8 2 Hi ... 2 1 McNlchols ... 10 20
972 Royal Fan 107 - ... 1 .21 ... 3h Hal Brown... 10 12
972 Peach Blossom 107 5 ... 64 5 1 ... 4 1 Hyland ... 50 ICO
fcSo Guatemoc 109 8 ... v 4 6 ... 5 4 IJenklns 6 8
10 ... 11 11 ... C l W. Narvaez.. 10 25
icus ... 6h 7 _ ... 7 2 Piggott I ;< i- -.
■•Iml ..Itfi 3 ... 7 4 9 1 ... SI W\ See 10 16
983 Earl 'Islington! !!'.!! !ll6 i ... 4" 4 2 ... 9 1 O. Wilson.... 6 7
672 Limatu? 107 6 ... 3h 3 4 ... 10 lE. Jones 6 7
977 Alhaja ■■■■■ 107,11 10 5 10 . • ... 11 _|L P0we11.... _10 80
Time- To 4. :22; to 4, -474; last *.. l:02»i; short \, 1:13*1;. Winner, Burns _ Water-
house's br. f. by imp. Stromboli-Ouldon. Good star;. Won first three driving.
Away better Florence Fink would have won. Royal Fan found the wire too late.
Pea Blceson ls nearly ripe. Cleodora will win soon. Pallucus has been tried in all sorts
of weather. ,
Scratched— Fellclte 107.
OQO SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; selljng; maiden two-year-olds; purse, $350.
Betting.
Index Horse. Weight. St. 4m. "_m. »_m. . Str. Fin. ; Jockeys. Op. CI.
T 978 Flush of Gold 115 1 ~ ~ 1~4 12 114 iPlggott " i 6-6 6-5
687 The Buffoon 115 2 ... ... 3 4 2 4 2 4 K. Jones I 8 6
681 Bnmboulla 11818 2 4 3 2 - 3 5 ill Shields.... 4 4
903 Kolena 106 8 ... ... 4 1 4 1 4 1 [J. Ward ' 20 15
983 Miss Vera 115 1 ... ... 6 1.61. 5 5 Jenkins 1 . 10
976 Big Horn 1 1. 4 ... ... 5 2 5 4 61 IDlncley 20 40
... Duckoy 118 6 ... ... 7 1 7 4 7 1 i Thorpe I 4 6
983 Castiso .- 'J 10 4 82 8 I*. 8. Spencer.... 100 200
... Miss Margaret 118.12 ... ... 11 9 1 9 1 G. Wilson 10 30
676 I>irello ........109 ... ... 12 10 in Carter ' 100 100
893 Halifax 113! 7 ... ... 8 4 11 11 Ames j 15 80
676 Loyta 11511 ... ... 9 1 12 12 W. Narvaez.. 20 40
Ctl My Secret 115 13 __ 13 13 13 [Snider 30 60
Time— 4. :25: 4. :49-_. Winner. Crane _ Owens' eh. f. by Royal Flush-Gold Cup.
Good start. Won first three driving.
Flush of Gold la game If nothing more. Bamboulla stayed longer than usual. Buffoon
was carried out ln stretch. Halifax was cut off while doing well.
Scratched— Artilla 115, Flamula 115, Ovando 116
4m.
■4m.
Mm.
Str.
Fin.
!
Betting
Op. ci.
j 6-6 6-5
8 6
4 4
1 20 15
i 10
' 20 40
4 6
i 100 200
10 30
' 100 too
i IS 30
20 40
_3o 80
old Cup.
Jockeys.
Buffoon
(1(1 4 THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selling: three-year-olds and upward; purse, J.V.O.
. — ! .
I
Index. Horse. Age Weight. ;St.
4m.
4m.
Mm.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
— r_— '
J Betting.
|Op. CI.
1885 Ailyar, 3 110 7 ... 14 11 14 13 (J. Relff 8-5 8-5
974 Frohrr.an, 4 11812 ... 214 2 4 2 2 2 4 Thorpe 6 7
513 Etta H. 5 11918 ... 7 2 62 4 2 3n Piggott 6-5 8-5
757 Jim Bozeman, 1....U1 I ... 3h 8h 8h 414 Macklln 15 so
977 Solstice. 3 1' .1 5 ... oh 7 4 5 h 6 n Gray 100 125
920 Polka. 3 10713 ... 6h 61 71 62 Jenkins ...... 10 25
9*. Llmewater, 3 110 9 ... 9 9 9 7 2 Holmes 6 15
895 Casdale. 3 1.5 1 1 ... 8: 3 8 6 4 8 2 W. Narvaez.. 10 HO
974 Sa In 1 1 y__ ......... . . . 107j * ... 4 1 418 1 9 |E. Jones . . . ._. . _613
Time— 4, :25; 4. :49_; M. 1:16. Winner, Duke ft Wishard's b. c. by Himyar-Aileen
Aroon. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Allyar finally came around. Etta H was in bad shape physically. LlmewatT has
lost form. Saintly stopped. (
Scratched— Bonnie lone 111.
QQC rOURTH RACE One mile; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
___-______•
! I
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. Vim. 4m. *_m. Str. Fin. | Joekej
4m.
_m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
Ling.
CI.
St.
' 4 m.
t'9Bs) Dr. Sheppard, 5 115| 3 11 12 1 IV. 114 11 IThorpe I 1.4 1-5
(1*73) Storm King. 5 115] 1 2 5 23 224 2 2 2 4 W. Narvaez... 8 4
950 Sly. 5 110 (2 32 B*_ 31 34 36 Snider I i*> 30
9.8 Roadrunner. a 115 4 42 4 4 4 4 '4 4 4 (Macklln 4 mo'
651 Cardweii, r HOI 5 6 s__ 5 6 6 j Walls I inn 500
Time—',;. :254: 4, :_O4;-*_, l:10 s i: mile, 1:41.;. winner. Burns _• Waterhouse's b. h. by
Buchanan-Voltlne. "Good start. Won ' easily. Second and third driving.
The Doctor had no presents to distribute. Storm King outclassed others.
*__<_*> FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling; -year-olds; purse, $400
yiJ\Ji _
!
Index Horse.
I
Weight. .St. Std. _m.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
19. Malay 1031 7 ... 51 3h 31 2*. 12 Jenkins '8-5 9-10
919 Humidltv . . 109 J 1 ... 14 2 2 lh lh 2. (Thorpe 8-5 4
988 Crossmollna 97! 2 ... 4h 6 h 4 1 3 1 3 1 .Joe Weber.... I 6 4
088 Wing 9714 ... 8 8 6 1 5 5 4 4 J. R.-iff 7 9
982 Kaber 108 5 ... 22 lh 21 42 6 6 E. Jones 15 50
967 Faversham 10218 ... 71 6h 8 62 C 3 Coburn ' 46 60
729 Oraibee 19 8 ... 6 2 7 3 74 8 7h Holmes I 15 30
9. Whaleback 110' 3 ... 3 1 4 2 51. 7 4 8 .1. Powell... „. j <; 25
Time— l-16. :07; 5-16. :32_; 9-16, 57; 13-18, 1:23%; mile, 1:424: 1 1-lGm. 1:49. Winner,
Llnd St. Humphrey's br. g. by Imp. Pirate of Pensance-MISS Thomas. Bad start. Won eas-
ily. Second and third driving.
Malay was much the best. Crossmollna should have been second. Glengaber blew up.
Whalgback had early speed. ■
QQ7 SIXTH Rack Seven furlongs: selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse.
Weight.
St.
4m.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
.07 Plan, 4 106 2
942 Bonito, 4 .....104| 1
984 New Moon, 6 107! 7
SB4 Rapldo, a 109 3
... Nebula. 5 107 5
785 Naranja, I 107 6
635 Tempo. 4 109110
6*14 Ringmaster, 6 103 11
r '44 Silver State, a.....109. 109 8
606 Fleming, 4 106 .
2f.2 Marplot, 4 1091 9
.673 Grady, 6 1121 *
62 6 1
22 2 1
4 1) 4 1
71 7 4
1 h 13
31 3 4
i" 2 ' 10 4
11 11
83 8 4
52 6 1
91 9 2
3 4
2 1
4 1
a 1
1 4
6 3
7
9
8
11
10
1 4 [Jenkins
2 1 McNlchols ...
3 2 Gray
4 1 Romero
6 4 E. Jones
6 4 iFrawley
'7 1 'Russell
8 4 W. See
9 4 Macklln
10 W. Narvaez..
11 Thorpe
... Cole '
■-■p. vi,
6-5 1
12 20
8 12
10 25
6 20
15 50
10 20
20 20
8 12
15 40
8-5 6-2
I 12 15
Time-*. :IMi; H. :87; %. l:02\; %. 1:29. Wlnnpr, W. Fisher* rh. fir. by imp. Prest<
ite Fletcher. Fair start. V.'on first three driving.
Plan away none tno well. Was lipst Nebula nag a bit short. Marplot not ready.
6c rat- hud—E arl Cochran 109, Loch Ness 112, Muconto 104.
Away none too well, the gelding was first
past the judges, a neck Defore Bonlta.
Track Notes.
Once again The Call picked all six win
ners yesterday. Two of the races were
picked one, two, three, and in the first
the 20 to 1 shot Florence Fink was given
for the place.
In the start of the mile and a sixteenth
event the crowd hissed Mr. Ferguson be
cause Thorpe beat his barrier— not an un
usual occurrence. After the race Presi
dent Williams set a stern foot down on
this sort of thing. Thorpe was fined $100,
and told that it" he did. not line up at the
barrier with the balance of the rtders he
could look for indefinite suspension.
Jenkins is getting to be a very popular
rider with the public. He is an honest,
unassuming lad, well deserving of th»»
praise bestowed on him. With his Judg
ment of pace there seems to be no rea
son why IT nip's rider should not get to
the top* of the heap.
To-Day's Entries.
First Race— Futurity course; selling; four
year-olds and up:
077 Rio Glenn ICSI 941 Sleepy Jane — 108
Gil Home*take . 109 floT Malnbar lf'S
984 Bliss Rucker....lU 956 Major Cook in
MS Al 111, ... George Miller. ..lll
?84 Bueno •• Ill i 990 Moadowlark ....111
T6? Crawford 11l $90 Earl Cochran...lll
7«1 Brown Prir.re...l'l« 8?6 Jerllderto — 101
974 Socialist 108 ... May McCarty...lO9
Wl Sehnttz 114! 912 McPryor in
469 Mischief 11l
Second Race— Six furlongs; {telling; three
year-olds:
!>Bfi Watossa 109) 996 Faversham 122
S&S Festoso 112} 956 Sidelong 109
994 Saintly 119 SSS Racebud 107
955 Lothian K'i> 958 Pompino 109
986 Yaruna 109 944 Noma 107
903 Stromo 10? i 9*B Dunpralse 11l
195 Stone L 100 888 Gold Baron ....109
890 mis 100: 958 Street CRk-es ....117
571 San Augustine. . 109 i 986 Anchored 112
... Chelae 107 699 Correct 103
Third Race— Four furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse:
... Armistice 112! 976 Tom s?harkey...loo
Imp. Artillery-Flossey. (968) Tar Hill : US
SC9 leedrop 115 1 976 Catulus 108
... May Gertrude.. .llOl(97S)Gusto 118
El Rio Rey-Sylvia. I 980 Tanobe 100
9SO Glga 100 957 Aborigine 110
iJTC Champion Rose. no l
Fourth Race — Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; purse:
918 Pat Morrlßsey..lCfi 991 Guilder 108
255 Kaiser Ludwig..lO9 (9Q()Hary Black 106
935 Rosormonde ....101
Fifth Race — One mile; three-year-olds and
up; Belling:
(?S2)Potente 1061 971 Joe Ullman ....110
■:4 pnratto m (90«) Eddie Jones ....111
Sixth Race— One and a sixteenth miles; sell
ing; three-year-olds and up:
094 Frohman .'. 93 997 Tempo 96
923 Stamina 90 98r< Daisy F 91
9Su Los Medanos 90' 959 Topmast 117
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Bliss Rucker. George Miller,
Mai:.
Second Race — Racebud, Correct, Chelae.
Third Race— Catulus. Tar Hill, Armistice.
Fourth Race— Pat Morrissey, Mary Black,
Rosormonde.
Fifth Race— Potente, Eddie Jones. Joe Til
man.
. Sixth Race— Los Medanos. Daisy F. Topmast.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
J B Klrkpatrlck & w, C E Graham, Chicago
Michigan J W Yocum. Reading
J X Manning, Mass IH M Yerington. Carson
C Kaufman At w, .Sacto V J Laws, Missouri
\Y Martin, New York E W Hamilton, Main»
3 Isaacs. Yokohama C II Fitzhugh & W. 111
A L Baker, Tacoma. ,T W Street, US N
F A Steeker. N V R. F Bullet & w, Idaho
•< Ohara, Japan A H Bray & w, Mv
Prince A Atsumato, jS W Bray, Ma
Japan iJ H Hardin, Chicago
C Ouchl. Japan V F Moseley & w, Mich
Prince Lichnowsky.Gpr'Misa ■ Mo»eley, Mich
F Healy & w, London J O Belbert, Chicago
A J Levy & w, N V IT J Field, Monterey
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 19, 1899.
T M Schumacher. 11l L Fletcher, Minn
M A Qattstein, Seattle Mrs S C Fletcher, Minn .
Miss E Saver, Dresden Miss Fletcher, Minn
L S Moorehead, Haiti E J Saden. U S N
\V Grosche, Baltimore J B Bowers, USX
W II Johnson, Pa |J S Tobln & w, Cal
H Nethercutt, Pa ID Melone, Oak Knoll
J L Smiley, Baltimore V EwinK & w. Ls Ang j I
T Fall-bank, London H H Knapp, . Napa
J M Miller, US N H D Bean &w, N V j
M H Williams, U S N|E C Townsend. B C
F Morris USX J Markle & w, N V
F T Dwyer Bacto Miss Weaver, Chicago j ',
J a Meier, Los Ang Baron Klchthofer, Ger ! ,
W Clark. Los Ang '' Dickinson & w, Vt j
; Mr.- A V Booth, Chlcai C L Wright & w, Mo |
O •Jailer, Shanghai Mips Wright. Mo
It B Reynolds. Cal !R J §■?»• Boston
W T Han, -it DC IS J Fields, Utah '
H C Lombar't, France ,0 F Williams &w, Cal i
s Olbbonß &w. Eng M BMartln &w, Cal
0 Ehm, Stuttgart A C Gwlnn. Maine
T Meake, Birmingham H F Mayer. Italy
A 1. !.-:■!.. Shanghai C Storck. Now York |
A H Plrle, Lucknow In E Converse & w s C .
O L Farnum. Phlla Miss Converse, S C
J W Shlveley, Toledo I A A Hrubaker, S C
II Richards A ••«■ Arizj
GRAND HOTEL.
R Las well. Novato W B Phelps & w, Dv-
I! ]- Bates. Cal I luth _; . T
G " II Anderson. 9 Jcse W L West, Lin,|sny
J G Lavery. Cal !IV L Berry. Lindsay ;
O H Sharpe & laugh- : W T Hickman, Cal
ter Yacavllle Mrs L B Thatcher, Mo ]
.1 [["Gardener. Cal Vim W Thatcher. Mo ! !
EI. Holllday. Cal {Mrs .1 T Orr, Nev . ,
.1 X Farraher & w. » R Barney, Ca j
Ca \ Mrs J Waters. Cal i '
M M Hartley. Neb T D Mnronl ft w, Cal !
Mrs A Newman, Neb T H Sllvage, Cal '
' H N Paye, Chicago W II Wood. N V I
dipt Corrhlll, I al L Daniels & w. lowa
■ p T Morton, Cal F T! Leach, Ind
I A Boyer, Cal T M Merihan, Cal
ii 'MaVtin. Cal H L Benson, Wash
I j R Blakeley, Pa J A Haskell, Cal
i A P Cox Cal " A L Babe, N i
W H Nlckolls, Cal J D McGUvray. Cal
i H Home, Cal C C Bogg. x V
W I) McLeod, Sncto Q D Barnes &w. L A
H Petussla •& w Cal L P Monroe & w, Wls .
T H Carlnp, Chicago Mrs C W Monroe, Wis i ■
i Mrs B A Pemberton, W ? Davis, Santa Roa
Walla Walla T C Johnston. Cal
! Mrs May Jorgenson, i W O Smith & w, Cal
• Walla Walla M D Goshen, Cal
C Woodruff, NY H N Paige. Chgo.
S Richardson, Cal .1 W Winton, \ allejo
J W Davis. Cal W A Davis, Cal
G W NeviH & w, Cal H A Burrow, Cal
G B Kennedy. Cal j G II Voss, Montreal
!J D Moody, LA- !F. 8 Oertmg, Cal '
J A Baldwin & w, I W Pike, Fresno
Akron. Ohio 'O Mathews, S Rosa
H Baldwin, Ohio IE D Wells, Modesto
G M Gibson, Cal IJ w Dwyer, Boston
j Berry. Fresno M M Israel, N V
D G Dwyer. Boston .1 G McMillan, B Jose
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
S Burke, S Jose iJ W Marshall, Oakdale
N Nickerson, B Clara C Llnton &w. Denver
Miss M Mills. Ogden Miss Lewis, Omaha
Miss J Mills. Ogden C T Engle. Mich
,T M Carr. Manila Miss Engle, Mich
J S Brant. Fresno F Silver & w. Bacto
J V Smith. 8 Clara F Whiting, Riverside
W Knott, Manila F C Mullen, Callstoga
J Kin« & w lowa T It Robertson, Manila
Mrs G King. lowa |G M Long, Seattle
Mis? <■ King. lowa I ,
I'HOI*OSAX9.
PROPOSALS
For Subsistence of Prisoners.
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF BOARD ;
of the Supervisors of the City and Coun-
ty of San Francisco, April 18, 1899.
In accordance with Resolution No. 2629
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervis-
ors, SEALED PROPOSALS will be re-
ceived in open session of the Board of Su-
pervisors on MONDAY AFTERNOON,
April 24, 1899, from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for
j furnishing daily and monthly supplies tor
: city and county prisoners (the number be-
ing about five hundred) from July 1, 1899,
to June 30, 1900, at a fixed price per day
(not exceeding in the aggregate twenty-
five cents per day for each person con-
nected with the City and County Prisons)
Bald subsistence and supplies to be de-
livered at the County Jails, Nos. 1, 2 and
3. and at the City Prison, respectively, as
per following schedules:
The. following supplies to be delivered at
' the County. Jails Nos. 1 and 'A as classl- ,
i fled: Class No. 1, daily supplies; class No.
i 2, monthly supplies to be delivered as or-
'■. dered. The supplies are on the basis of j
j each one hundred Inmates, the quantity
| to be furnished to be on that basis and in
proportion to each fraction thereof, more
or less, according to the number of In- i
mates. WPTH
COUNTY JAILS NOS. 1 AND 3.
CLASS DAILY SUPPLIES.
FRESH BEEF— First quality of chucks
•and rounds in equal proportion to be
furnished each inmate four days in each
week. Rounds to be cut square and to
be cut off eight inches from the hock !
Joint: chucks to have four ribs, breast
and six inches of the neck not to be in-
cluded, eight (8) ounces.
BEST AMERICAN MEAT— Tn cuts as or-
dered, for each 100 inmates daily, twen-
ty (20) pounds.
MUTTON— First quality, for each' inmate
two days in each week, to be furnished
in carcasses. Eight ( v i ounces.
BREAD— For each Inmate daily, fresh,
best quality, one (1) pound.
CODFISH— SaIt, for each inmate one day
in each week, eight iS) ounces.
MlLK— Fresh, for each 100 Inmates daily
three (3) gallons.
POTATOES (best quality)— For each in-
mate dally one (I) pound.
VEGETABLES— For each inmate dally
four (4) ounces.
CLASS MONTHLY SUPPLIES.
(TO BE DELIVERED AS ORDERED.)
BEANS— two hundred and seven-
teen (217) pounds.
BEEF— Corned, fifty (£0) pounds.
BLANKETS— Gray, weighing not less
than six pounds per pair, eight (8) pair.
BUCKETS— iron, with covers,
No. 25. six (6).
C HICKORY— Twenty-live (25) pounds.
COFFEE — Roasted, Guatemala, two hun-
dred '200) pounds.
CORN MEAL— hundred and fifty
(350) pounds.
CUPS-Tin, ten (10).
DISHES— Tin. ten (10).
OVERALLS-Men's, blue or brown,
twelve (12).
PEARL BARLEY-Slxty-one (61) pounds.
SPLIT PEAS— Sixty-one (61) pounds.
PORK-rMesß, rut- (50) pounus.
SALT— Two hundred and thirteen (213)
pounds.
SHOES— Men's as per sample, sizes as or-
dered, twelve (12) pair.
SHIRTS— BIue flannel, ten (10).
SHIRTS— CaIico, twenty (20).
SOAP— California, one hundred and fifty-
two (152) pounds. '
SPOONS— twelve (12),
SUGAR— Golden C, one hundred and fifty
(150) pounds.
SYRUP— California Refinery, thirty-three
(33) gallons.
TICKING— twenty (20) yards.
TOWELS— Huckabuck, twenty (20).
WHEAT— Crush, one hundred and nine
(109) pounds.
BACON— Breakfast, fifteen (15) pounds.
BAKING POWDER— Golden
Gate, Crown or Trophy, aa may be spe-
cified, five (5) pounds.
BATH BRICK— One (I).
BLUE— Washing, in balls, one (1) pound.
BROOMS— Corn, best mill, twelve (12).
BRUSHES— Adams', paint, one (1).
BRUSHES— Scrubbing, six (6).
BRUSHES— Adams', whitewash two (2).
BUCKETS— Wooden, four (4).
BUTTER— Fresh, fifty (60) pounds.
CALICO— Forty (40) yards.
CATSUP— Tomato, pints, California, five
(5) bottles.
CHEESE— California, six (6) pounds. ■JF<K ■
CHLORIDE OF LlME— Fifty (60) pounds.
CHOW California, pints, three ;
(3) bottles. i
COAL— Wellington (Dunsmuir), 2240
pounds to the ton. well screened and
free from slacK and shale, five (5) tons.
COAL OIL- 150 degree test, thirty (80) gal-
lons. • !
COMBS— Coarse army, Bix (6).
CORNSTARCH— Six (6) pounds.
COTTON CLOTH— Standard Chabot A.. !
unbleached, one yard wide, twenty-five !
(25) yards.
CRACKERS Soda, fresh California, ten !
(10) pounds.
EGGS— Fresh, California, thirty (30) doz- '
en.
EXTRACTS — Assorted. 4-oz. bottles, '
twelve (12) bottles.
-Fresh, us may be ordered, one '
hundred and eight (108) pounds.
FLOUR— Roller, three hundred (300) '
pounds.
FRUlT— Fresh, as obtainable In Reason, '
seventy-five (75) pounds.
FRUIT— Table, canned, in 2'i-lb tins, as- '
sorted; twenty-four (24) tins.
GLUE— Five (5) pounds.
HAM— Sugar cured, twenty (20) pounds.
INSECT POWDER— One (1) pound.
JELLY— Assorted, in 2-lb cans, six (6) '
cans.
LARD— California. leaf, thirty (30)
pounds.
LAMP CHIMNEYS— Assorted, three (3).
LAMP WlCKS— Assorted, six (C). ■
LEAD— Whito, Pioneer, ground In oil, .
fifty (50) pounds. ;
LlME— Santa Cruz, No. 1. two (2) barrels. '
MACARONI— 2. loose, ten (10) pounds, i
MACKEREL -Mess No. 1, one (1) kit.
MATCHES — California, one-half 0,4) j
gross.
MATTRESSES— Thirty (30), weighing 25
pounds, with AAA ticking.
MUSTARD— Ground, two and one-half
(2 1 ,4) pounds.
Linseed, boiled, two and one-half
(2V4) gallons. . -
PEPPER— BIack, ground, ten (10) pounds.
RAlSlNS— Pressed (best quality), five (5,i
pounds.
RICE— No. 2, China mixed, one hundred
and twenty-two (122) pounds. ',
SAGO— Five (5) pounds.
SAL SODA— Sixty (60) pounds.
SARDINES— Quarter boxes, imported,
twenty (20) boxes.
WORCESTERSHIRE SAUCE-Imported,
PROPOSALif-Continued.
Lea and Perrins' (pints), three (3) bot-
tles. * •■ * \
SHOES— Women's, as per sample," sizes
as ordered, six (6) pairs.
SOAP— Castile (imported), five (5)
pounds.
STARCH — Laundry, two and one-half
(2»_) pounds.
SUGAR— Granulated, ninety (90) pounds.
TAPERS-Wax, six (6) boxes.
TEA— Japan, Diamond (L) or equally as
good, fifteen (15) pounds.
THREAD— In spools, twenty-four (24)
spools.
TOBACCO-Plum cut, five (5) pounds."
TOMATOES— California, twenty-four (24)
"CO— Plum cut, five (5) pounds.
TOES— California, 2V_-1_ cans, six
(6) cans.
TURPENTINE— Two and one-half (2%)
gallons.
VARNISH— five (5) gallons.
VERMICELLI— Five (5) pounds. •
VINEGAR— 3O degrees strength, three
(3) Kallons.
CVOOD— Pine, one-half ("-_) cord.
COUNTY JAIL NO. 2.
The following supplies, to be delivered
it County Jail No. 2 as classified— Class
\ T o. 1, Daily Supplies; Class No. 2, Month-
y Supplies— to be delivered as ordered.
supplies are on the basis of each one
gallons.
D— Pine, one-half C_) cord.
COUNTY JAIL NO. 2.
following supplies, to be delivered
unty Jail No. 2 as classified—"
Daily Supplies; Class No. 2. Month-
[.plles— to be delivered as ordered.
applies are on the basis of each one
mndred inmates; the quantity to be fur-
dshed to be on that basis anu in propor-
:lon, to each fraction thereof, more or
ess, according to the number of Inmates:
CLASS NO. I— DAILY SUPPLIES.
b'RESH BEEF— First quality of chucks
and rounds in equal proportions to be
furnished each inmate four days In each
week. Rounds to be cut square and to
be cut off eight inches from the hock
Joint.* Chucks to have four ribs, breast
and six inches of the neck not to be
included. Eight (8) ounces. Hr__i
3EST AMERICAN BEEF, MUTTON,
VEAL and PORK, in cuts as ordered,
for each 100 inmates daily,, twenty (20)
pounds. .
UUTTON— First quality, for each inmate
two days in each week, to be furnished
in carcasses, eight (S) ounces.
3READ— For each inmate daily, fresh,
best quality, one (1) pound.
CODFISH— SaIt, for each inmate one day
In each week, eight (8) ounces.
POTATOES-Salinas, Burbank or Garnet
Chiles, for each inmate daily, one (1)
pound.
VEGETABLES— For each inmate daily,
four (4) ounces. in cuts as ordered,
each 100 inmates dally, twenty (.20)
'TON— First quality, for each Inmate
. days In each week, to be furnished
arcasses, eight (8) ounces.
AD— For each inmate daily, fresh,
t quality, one (1) pound.
FISH— Salt, for each inmate one day
•ach week, eight (8) ounces.
ATOES— Salinas. Burbank or Garnet
les, for each inmate dally, one (1)
E_TABL.ES— For each inmate daily,
r (4) ounces.
CLASS 2— MONTHLY SUPPLIES.
iTO BE DELIVERED AS ORDERED.)
.JEANS— White, seven hundred and sixty
(760) pounds.
BEEF— Corned, forty (40) pounds.
BLANKETS— Gray, weighing not less
than six pounds per pair, eight (if) pair.
3UCKETS— Galvanized iron, with covers,
No. 25, six (6).
-HlCORY— Twenty-five (25) pounds.
COFFEE— Roasted, Guatemala, two hun-
dred (200) pounds.
NMEAL— hundred and seventy-
four (274) pounds.
_UPS— Tin. twelve (12).
DISHES-Tin, twelve (12).
MODE DUCK— No. 10, twenty (20) yards.
3VERALLS— Men's, blue or brown, 9-oz.
Amoskeag blue denim and No. 12 -mode
duck, twenty (20) pairs.
3ATMEAL— hundred and ten mode
k. i \\. my (20) pairs.
MEAL— One hundred and ten ill))
pounds.
-NIONS— One hundred (100) pounds.
PRISON FLANNEL— For overshirts,
thirty (30) yards.
PRISON < LOTH— For pants, thirty (30)
yards.
PEARL BARLEY— Seventy (70) pounds.
SPLIT PEAS— Seventy (TO) pounds.
PORK— Mess, sixty (00) pounds.
RICE— No. 2 China, mixed, one hundred
and twenty-two (122) pounds.
SHIRTS— BIue flannel, eighteen hundred
twenty-two (122) pounds.
IS— Blu.- flannel, eighteen (18).
SALT— Two hundred and thirteen (213)
pounds.
SHOES— Men's as per sample, sizes 'as
ordered, twenty-eight (28) pairs, at $18
per dozen.
SOAP— California, one hundred and sixty-
five (lijo) pounds.
SPOONS— Iron, twelve (12).
SUGAR— Golden C, two hundred and thir-
'NS Iron, twelve (12).
AR Golden C, two hundred and thlr-
teen (213) pounds.
SYRUP— California Refinery, sixty-five
(65) gallons.
TICKING— sixty (60) yards.
Huckabuck, thirty (30).
A HEATr-Crush, two hundred and seven-
teen (217) pounds.
A.XLE GREASE— Two (2) pounds.
BACON— Breakfast (best quality), twenty
In pounds.
.E GREASE Two (2) pounds.
ON— Breakfast (best qualitvi. twenty
pounds.
BAKING POWDER-Five (5) pounds.
BATH BRICK- (2).
r.l_^sr Washing, In balls, two (2) pounds.
BROOMS— Corn, best mill, No. 12, twenty-
four (24).
BR< " Rattan, two (2).
BRUSHES— Horse, two (2).
BRUSHES— Adams', paint, two (2).
-RUSHES— Scrubbing 7 , six (6).
BRI SUES— Adams', whitewash, six (6).
BUCKETS— Wooden, four (4.)
BUCKLES— Pants, metal, one (1) dozen.
BUTTER-Fresh California, fifty (50)
pounds.
INS— Pants, metal, five (5) dozen.
BUTTONS— Shirt, metal, five (5) dozen.
NULL'S Adamantine, five (5) pounds.
CATSUP— Tomato, California, pints, six
(6) bottles.
CHAMOIS SKIN— Two (2).
CHARCOAI.— Twenty-five (25) pounds.
CHEESE— California, fifteen (15) pounds.
CHLORIDE OF LIME-Five (5) pounds.
CHOW CHOW-California, pints, six (6)
bottlos.
COAL— Cumberland, one hundred and
fifty (150) pounds.
COA I.— Wellington (Dunsmuir), 2240
pounds to the ton. well screened and
free from slack and shale, five (5) tons.
COAL OlL— Golden Star, Pearl, Star
Light. 150 degree test, one hundred (100)
lav chow California, pints, six («)
lies.
L- Cumberland, one hundred and
y (160) pounds.
1. Wellington (Dunsmuir), 2240
inds to the ton, well screened ai '.
p from Black and shale, five (5) tons
L OlL— (golden Star. Pearl, Star
ht, 150 degree test, one hundred
CORNSTARCH-Six (6) pounds.
CRACKERS— Soda, fresh California, ten
(10) rounds.
CURRY COMB (1).
EGGS— Fresh, California, twenty-five (25)
dozen best.
EXTRACTS— Assorted. XXX, 4-oz. bot-
tles, six (6) bottles.
FEATHER DUSTER— (1).
FlSH— Fresh, eighty-seven (87) pounds.
FLOUR— Roller,, three hundred (300)
pounds.
FRUlT— Fresh in season, one hundred
(lOfl) pounds.
FRUIT— Canned, table, in 2*_--b tins, as-
sort. -.1. thirty (30) cans, best.
IiLUE— Two (2) pounds.
IAM Sugar cured. California, twenty
(20) pounds".
FlOSE— Garden (best grade), one inch,
three ply. fifteen (15) feet.
INSECT POWDER-One (1) pound.
lELLY— Assorted, 2-Ib cans, nine (9) cans,
best. <-1--_nM
LARD- Leaf, California, twenty-five (25)
pounds.
-AMP CHIMNEYS — Assorted, two (2)
nds.
P CHIMNEYS — Assorted, two (J)
dozen.
[.AMP WlCKS— Assorted, two (2) dozen.
LEAD— White, Pioneer, ground in oil,
seventy-five (75) pounds.
LlME— Three (3) barrels.
MACARONI— 2. five (5) pounds.
MACKEREL— Mess, one (1) kit, No. 1.
MATCHES — California, one-half <'-.>
gross.
MUSTARD— California, ground, two ...
pounds.
OlL— Linseed, boiled, five (5) gallons.
PEPPER— BIack, ground, five (5) pounds.
PlCKLES— California, five (5) gallons.
RAlSlNS— Pressed (best), five (5) pounds.
SAGO— Ten (10) pounds.
SAL SODA— Seventy-five (7.7) pounds.
SARDlNES— lmported half boxes, twen-
ty-four (24) boxes.
WORCESTERSHIRE SAUCE- Imported,
pints, two (2) bottles. Lea ft Perrins.
SOAP— White Castile (imported^, ten (10)
pounds.
SPONGES-Two (2).
STARCH— ten (10) pounds.
SUGAR— Granulated, one hundred (100)
pounds. •
SULPHUR— Five (5) pounds.
WAX TAPERS— Three (3) boxes.
TEA— Japan, Diamona (L), or equally as
good, fifteen (15) pounds.
THREAD- Pi spools, forty-eight (48)
spools.
TOBACCO— PIum, smoking, twenty (20)
pounds.
TOMATOES— California, 2*_-lb . cans,
twelve (12) cans.
TURPENTINE— Five (5) gallons.
TWIN!". Cotton, three (3) pounds.
TWINE— Hemp, three (3) pounds.
VARNISH -Rlack. fifteen (15) gallons.
VERMICELLI— Four (4) pounds.
VINEGAR— degrees strength, two (2)
gallons.
WAX— Laundry, eight (81 ounces. •
WOOD— Pine, three-fourths (*54) cord.
* CITY PRISON.
The following supplies to be delivered at
the City Prison as classified— Class No. 1,
Dally .Supplies; Class . No. 2, Monthly
Supplies, to be delivered as ordered. The
supplies are on the basis of each one hun-
dred inmates, the quantity furnished to
be on that basis, and in proportion to each
fraction thereof, more or less, according
to the number of inmates:
CLASS NO. I— DAILY SUPPLIES.
FRESH BEEF— First quality of chucks
and rounds in equal proportions to be
furnished each inmate six days in each
week. Rounds to-be cut square and to
be cut off eight inches from the hock
joint, chucks to have four ribs, breast
and six Inches of the neck not to be in-
cluded, eight (8) ounces.
BREAD— each Inmate daily, fresh
best quality, one (1) pound.
CODFISH— SaIt, for each Inmate one day
In each week, eight (8) ounces.
MlLK— Fresh, for each 100 inmates daily
one (11 quart. __fllfli)UP---»i
POTATOES— For each inmate daily, one
(1) pound.
PROPOSALS—
VEGETABLES— each inmate daily,
four (4) ounces.'
CLASS 2— MONTHLY SUPPLIES. ,
(TO BE DELIVERED AS ORDERED.)
BEANS— White, one hundred (100) pounds.
BLANKETS— Gray, weighing not less
than six pounds per pair, six (6) pair.
BUCKETS— Galvanized iron, three (3).
CHICORY — California, twenty (20)
pounds.
COFFEE— Roasted, Guatemala, one hun-
dred and twenty-five (125) pounds.
CORNMEAL— hundred and fifty (150)
pounds.
PS-Tin, twenty-four (24).
DISHEM— twelve (12).
FLOUR— One (1) sack.
OVERALLS— Men's, blue or brown, 10
ounces, three (3) pair.
PORK— Mess, thirty (SO) pounds.
RICE— No. 2 mixed, fifty (50) pounds.
! SALT— One hundred (100) pounds.
SHOES— Men's, four Gi pair.
! SHIRTS— WooIen, blue, six (6).
SOAP— Seventy-five (75) pounds.
SPOONS— Iron, twelve (12).
SUGAR— Golden C, one hundred and
twenty-five (125) pounds.
SYRUP— California Refinery, ten (10)
gallons.
TOWELS— Huckaback, twelve (12).
BROOMS— Corn, best mill. No. 12. twenty-
four (24).
BRUSHES— Hair sweeping, one (1).
BRUSHES— Scrubbing, three (3).
BRUSHES— Whitewash, one (1).
. BRUSHES— Paint, one (1).
BROOMS— Rattan, two (2).
CANDLES— Adamantine, two (2) pounds.
CHLORIDE OF LIME— hundred
(200) pounds.
CHAMOIS SKIN— (1).
DUST PANS-Tln, two (2).
FEATHER DUSTERS— Two (2).
LEAD— White, Phoenix, fifty (50) pounds.
LIME— One (1) barrel.
MATTRESSES— (5).
MOP HANDLES-Three (3).
MOPS-Three (3).
MATCHES - California, one-half (».)
gross. '
OIL— Linseed, boiled, one (1) gallon.
PEPPER — Black, ground, five (5)
pounds.
QUILTS— (6).
SAL SODA— Twenty-five (25) pounds.
SULPHUR— Twenty-five (25) pounds.
SOAP— Castile, California, ten (10)
pounds.
SPONGES— Four (4).
SAWDUST— Four (4) sacks.
SAND— White, two (2) sacks.
TEA— Japan, equal to Diamond (L), ten
(10) pounds.
TURPENTINE— Three (3) gallons.
VARNISH— BIack, one (1) gallon.
VINEGAR— 3O degrees strength, one (1)
fallon.
amples of a major portion of the above
articles are on file and open for inspection
in the Mayor's office, City Hall. All of
the other supplies not on file, the charac-
ter of which is not specified, must be of
the best quality.
NOTICE.— Bidders will estimate and bid
j a price for each inmate per day (not to
exceed twenty-five cents in the aggre-
I gate)— the word "inmate" as used in-
I eludes all employes of and in the insti-
tution named, as well as all prisoners—
with the distinct understanding that such
.price will bind the bidder to furnish all
the articles and supplies specified in the
foregoing schedule, of the kind and qual-
ity as shown by said samples, and deliver
the same at all places in the city and
county wherein prisoners are confined, as
required, without extra charge from the
price bid, and that in no event will the
city and county bo liable for any rations
furnished in excess of the total number of
inmates. Also, that the quality of the ar-
ticles and supplies called for, when not
designated to be of the best quality, and
all supplies furnished the County Jails,
i Nos. 1, 2 and 3, or City Prison, to be sub-
i ject to the approval of the Sheriff or
j Chief of Police, respectively, whose de-
I cision shall be final and conclusive as to
I the reception or rejection of any or all
of the supplies offered; and said Sheriff or
Chief of Police, by and with the consent
of the Chairman of the Committee on
Health and Police, shall have the power
to purchase any or all of the supplies or
articles required at the market rate, if
not furnished of the kind and quality as
| shown by samples, at the expense of the
| party to whom the contract may be
: awarded, if the said party fails to fur-
; nish the quantity or quality of the sup-
| plies or articles designated which under
the contract he may be required to fur-
-1 nish.
Also, bidders will estimate under the ex-
| press understanding and agreement that
I under no consideration will the Board
I recognize or allow any assignment of any
contract, or" allow the supplies include-
j in any contract to be furnished from or
by any other person than the person to
j whom the contract, is awarded, either un-
der an assignment or other instrument,
unless the consent of the Board of Super-
. visors is first obtained, through a Resolu-
tion, duly passed by said Board and ap-
j proved" by the Mayor, consenting and
agreeing to the same.
Further, if the number of inmates shall
be less during the continuance of Bald
contract than, the number herein esti-
mated, the price bid and the actual num-
ber of Inmates shall be the only basis on
which demands shall be presented, allow-
ed or paid, the value of all supplies not
furnished to be deducted at the market
rates from any amount due the contrac-
tor at such time as the Committee on
Health and Police may determine.
All the articles of food must be of
sound and wholesome quality, and sub-
ject to the Inspection and approval of the
Mayor. Board of Health, Physician of
! the City and County Jail and the Com-
' mittee on Health and Police of the Board
of Supervisors, and all of said supplies
to be inspected . and weighed, at such
times and places as may be required by
the Committee on Health and Police.
The party to whom the contract is
awarded will be required TO IMMEDI-
ATELY FURNISH THREE SAMPLES
OF EACH OF THE NON-PERISHABLE
FOOD SUPPLIES CALLED FOR AND
ENUMERATED IN THIS SCHEDULE
AND DELIVER THE SAME TO THE
CLERK OF THE BOARD OF SUPER-
VISORS. All food supplies shall be sub-
mitted for inspection by the person, firm
or corporation so furnishing the same at
one of the public food stations estab-
lished by the Board of Health of this
city next to the Municipal Institution to
be furnished with such food supplies and
the character and quantity and quality
of such food supplies shall be then and
there first Inspected and said • Board of
Health shall make report of such inspec-
tion forthwith to the Board of Super-
visors.
The party to whom this contract is
awarded will be required, prior to or at
the time of the execution of said con-
tract, to pay the cost of advertising this
notice in three daily newspapers, and to
; also, pay the cost of the publication in
j the official newspaper of the Resolution
i awarding him the contract.
In order to preserve uniformity and to
facilitate the award, the Board of Su-
pervisors has resolved to receive no bids
unless made upon blank forms prepared
by the committee. and*a certified check
on some bank In the City and County of
San Francisco for the sum of two thou-
sand (12000.60*1 dollars, in favor of and
made payable to the Clerk of the Board
of Supervisors, must be deposited by the
bidder with his bid, conditioned, if the
| proposal is accepted, and the contract
awarded, and if the bidder shall fail or
, neglect to execute the contract, pay the
i printing charges and give the bond re-
; quired within six days after the award
; is made, then and in that case the said
j sum shall be paid into the City and Coun- j
ty Treasury by said Clerk as liquidated
I damages for such failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The Hoard reserves the right to reject
all bids if the public good so require.
JNO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
PROPOSALS -
To Furnish Forage. Etc., for Public In-
stitutions.
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF THE
Board of Supervisors of the City and
I County of San Francisco, April is, 1899.
In accordance with resolution No. '.''.32
t (Fourth Series! of the Board of Super-
i visors. SEALED PROPOSALS will be re-
ceived in open session -of the Board of
Supervisors on MONDAY AFTERNOON,
April 21. 1890, from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for '■
furnishing forage for horses of the Fire '
Department; also for the City and County i
Hospital, Almshouse, County Jails Nos.
1. 2 and 3, Police Patrol, and all other :
public institutions, from July 1, 1899, to i
June 30, 1900, the estimated yearly sup- I
plies required being as follows:
HAY— 100 . tons, wheaten and oaten
mixed, first quality.
HAY— tons, wheat, first quality.
HAY— 3SO tons. oat. first quality.
HAY— IOO tons, alfalfa., first quality.
HAY. TELE Labs, first quality,
All hay to he clear of rust and mildew
and to be delivered in rope-bound bales.
STRAW. CHEVALIER BARLEY—
; bales.
OATS— pounds, well assorted, first
i quality. a, ?»_S*^iilS
(All oats must be of the best quality of
i white oats, heavy, sound, dry, well-filled,
j and free from dirt, chaff and other im-
I purities, . and must weigh not. less than
41W pounds to the bushel.) .
BRAN— ISO,OOO pounds, clean and sweet,
| first quality.
MIDDLINGS— 7O.OOO pounds, first quality.
GROUND BARLEY— BO,OOO pounds, first
quality. .
CARROTS— BO,OOO pounds, first quality.
The above-described supplies for the
PROPDSALS-Continued.
Fire Department are to be delivered at I
the different Engine and Hook and Lad- I
der Companies' houses, as required, and
for the Police Patrol at the different i
houses, as designated, from time to time; ;
further, the supplies for the other public i
institutions named are to be delivered at
the place of business of the person or I
persons to whom the contract may be
I awarded, in more or less quantities than '
| designated, without ■ extra charge from j
the price bid, and at such times and in ■
such quantities as required, upon requi- ]
sitions (approved respectively by the '
Chairmen of the several Committees on I
Fire Department and Hospital and Health
and Police) of the Chief Engineer of the '.
Fire Department, the Steward of the City
and COunty Hospital, the Superintendent f
of the Almshouse, the Sheriff and the
Chief of Police.
NOTlCE.— Bidders will estimate for
any or all of the forage supplies enum- '
crated, with the distinct understanding
that the term more or less is not limited
to the amount designated, hut is for such i
an amount as may be required during the \
year, and that the Board reserves the j
right, as it is its intention, to award the !
same separately to the lowest bidder, and
that in every instance, no bid, except
from a merchant who is a dealer in the
supplies and who carries a stock of and
sells said supplies as enumerated a-s a
part of his regular and usual business,
will be received. Also, bidders will esti-
mate under the express understanding
and agreement that under no considera-
tion will the Board recognize or allow-
any assignment of any contract, or allow
the supplies included in any contract, to
be furnished from or by any other per-
son than the person to whom the contract
is awarded, either under an assignment
or other instrument, unless the consent
of the Board is first obtained through a
Resolution duly passed by said Board
and approved by the Mayor, consenting
and agreeing to the same. Also, that the
Chief Engineer of the Fire Department,
the Superintendent Physician of the City
and County Hospital, the Superintendent
of the Almshouse and the Sheriff, by and
with the consent of either of the respec-
tive Committees on Fire Department,
Hospital or Health and Police, shall have
power to purchase any or all of the sup-
plies reauired at the market rates, at
the expense of the party to whom any
contract may be awarded to furnish the
same, if upon the requisition of the offi-
cers named the party falls to furnish
the quantity or quality of the supplies
designated, which, under contract, he
may be required to furnish.
All supplies furnished the several de-
partments to be subject respectively to
the approval of the Chief Engineer or the
Fire Department, Steward of the City
and County Hospital, the Superintendent
of the Almshouse, the Sheriff and the
Chief of Police, whose decision shall be
final and conclusive as to the reception
or rejection of any or all the supplies
offered, and In all cases supplies must be
inspected and weighed at such times and
places as may be designated by the re-
spective Committees. The party taking
a contract will be required to give a
bond, with two sureties thereon, In an
amount satisfactory to and fixed by the
Committees on Fire Department, Hospi-
tal and Health and Police, for its faithful
performance. Proposals to be indorsed
"Forage for Public Institutions."
The. party or parties to whom each one
of the contracts may be awarded will be
required, prior to or at the time of the
execution of said contracts, to pay the
cost at advertising this notice in three
daily newspapers, and each successful
bidder to also pay the cost of the pub-
lication in the official newspaper of the
Resolution awarding him his contract.
Each article award..! to be charged with
one-eleventh portion of the entire cost.
In order to preserve uniformity and to
facilitate the award, the Board has re-
solved to receive no bids unless made
upon blank forms prepared by the Com-
mittee, and a certified check on some
bank in the City and County of San
Francisco, for the sum of five hundred
($500) dollars, in favor of and made paya-
ble to the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors, must be deposited by the bidder,
with his bid, conditioned if the proposal i
is accepted and the contract awarded;
and if the bidder shall fall or neglect to
pay the printing charges, execute the
contract and give the bond required with-
in six flays after the award is made, then,
and In that case, the said sum shall be
paid into the City and County Treasury
by Bald Clerk, as liquidated damages for
such failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject
all bids if the public good so require.
JNI i. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
PROPOSALS for drayage-'General depot of
the Quartermaster's .Department; San Fran-
cisco. Cal., April 19, 1899. Sealed proposals,
for the hauling of military stores and sup-
plies in and about the city of San Fran-
cisco, Cal.. for the fiscal year commencing
July 1. 1899, will be received at this office
until 11 o'clock a. m. on Saturday, the 20th
day of May. 1899, and then opened. The
Government reserves the right to reject any
or all proposals. All necessary Information
will be furnished on application to this of-
fice. OSCAR F. LONG, Assistant Quarter-
master, I*. P. Army, Depot Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS for mineral 0i1— 36 New Montgom-
ery St., San Francisco. Cal., April 18. 1899.
Sealed proposals in triplicate will be received
here until 11 o'clock a. m. (Pacific standard
time). May 20. ">!>, for furnishing and storing
here 100,000 gallons Mineral Oil, 188 degrees
flash test, in cases of two five-gallon cans
each. The United States reserves the right
to reject or accept any or all proposals or any
part thereof. Information furnished on appli-
cation. Envelopes containing proposals
should be marked "Proposals for Mineral
Oil." and addressed OSCAR F. LONG. Assist-
ant Quartermaster United States Army, Depot
Quartermaster.
•"""^ Jfr, Gibbon's Dispensary,
/L?)fzJiwnL (i l 2n KEABNY ST. Kstabllshed
wrir^iSsn ln I 8 5"* toT hiy troutment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
(iIi."»KKARXY»T. Kstabllihed
In 1554 for thp treatment of Private '
DisPHses. LostMttiihnod. l>pbllltyor i
EMjaMtffiaaHi disease wearing on mind and
WHWffKVfti Skin Diseases. Thedoctorciireswhen
iJSaEffiSftl'l othf i8 f»!l. Try him. Charges low
CurrnsuiiranlPrd. Callorwrlta
J>r. J. 9. «jiIBBO>< Box 5"J57..5»i; Franolsca
j #gP^DEWEY,SrROWG&CO^g^ L
(i -patents! a
VJS/35UMARKET ST. S.F.VS»Sr
. RAILROAD TRAVEL.
California
Limited
Santa ffe Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 5
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES-
DAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. the
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving in New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR, Ob- ,
servatlon Car and Electrlo
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally j
Overland Express.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKEfOFFICE— fZI MARKET SI,
TELEPHONE MAIN 1511.
Oakland Offioe— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Offioe— 7 West Santa Clara Si,
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLBX
AND SAN RAFAEL. '
WEEK DAYS— »7:20, '9:30. 11:00 a. m. ; n:«5. |
1:45. 6:15, *6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mon- !
clays. Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:10 p. m.
SUNDAYS - »S:CO. •10:00, "11:30 a. m.; •1:18,
8:00. N:»0. 6:15 p. m. !
Trains marked > run to San Quentln. ;
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FKANCISCO.
WEEK DATS - 5:23. '6:36. 7:45, »a:3O a. m.; !
•12:20, 2:20. *3:45. 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays !
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m. I
SUNDAYS — 6:20. •8:00. »10:00. '11:55 a. m.;
•1:15, »J:10. 4:40. «6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO,
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:45. 7:55. 9:40 a. m.;
U.K. 2:45. 8:50. 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS an Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. . _-_.«.«. _
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:05 a. m. ; 12:05. 1:20. i:2O.
8:00. 6:20 p. m.
. THROUGH TRAINS.
t:*o a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'na.
I 1:46 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
1:00 a.m. Sundays— Dunean. Mills and way sta'a.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalito Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday,
««pt. 11. 1898:
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 p. m. p. ».
Bundayß-8:00. 10:00, 11:80 a. m.. 1:U p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, »1.
THOS C4?OK * SON. Ag-enta, to Mark««
| »u«tt. Ban Francisco. • . {
■
AUCTION SALES.
$50,000 BANKRUPT STOCK!
SUN FAT & CO.,
No. 39 GEARY ST.
WILL BE SOLD OUT BY
AUCTION
For the Benefit of the Crec". ->rs.
TO-DAY (Wednesday), April 19.
At 2 and Bp. m. dally until ■ are disposed of:
Consisting or CHINESE ANI) JAi-AMiba
GOODS OLD GOLD. SATSUMA AND CLOI-
SONNE WARES. BRONZIES, EBONY GOODS.
A BEAUTIFUL COLLECTION OF CARVED
IVORY GOODS. SILKS. SILK PIECE GOODS.
LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S UNDER-
WEAR. SILK BEDSPREADS. ROBES. JACK-
ETS AND TABI/B COVERS.
C. P. TROY & CO.. Auctioneer*.
WELL-KEPT FURNITURE.
THIS DAY (WEDNESDAY) AT 11 A. M.,
S2S MISSION ST., NEAR FIFTH.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD. tit;; Market. _
" BAILBOAI> TRAVEL.
KOI! Till: KM r A CIVIC tOJII'A.MT.
[PAOiriO SYMTKM.)
Tiulßi l«nv« mi. l m o flue l«> :»rrl*«" at
NAM Mtt.NdMO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
leave — From AriUL 9, 1839. — arrivb
•G:OOa Niles. Sau Jose and Way Stations... »8:-15*
7:00* hfiiioia, Huisun and Sacramento . . 3:43p
?:OUa Marjßville. Orofilleaud Bedding »ia
Woodland 5:4»r
~:OOa Klmira, Vacaville and Rumsey »:■«»}•
7:110 A Martinet, San Ramon, Vniiejo. Napa,
. Cali*toga and Santa Koea.. . 6:1
8:00 a Atlantic Kiprens, Ogiltii and Kant.. »:15r
■ :30a San .lose, Livermore, Stockton,
lone, Saorairtento, Flacernlle,
M«ryimll<\ Chico, litiiET 4>lilp
S:i{OA 'Milton, Oakdale and Kotiora 4:19p
0:UOa Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop. Stockton,
Merced and Fresno 12:15r
■iOOa Fresno, Hakerßlieid, Sitnta lUil.ara,
I.oa Angeles, Demiag, £1 Piso,
New Orleans and East «t4sp
IO:»Wa Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:43r
|'J:OOu N'ili-s, Livermore, Stockton. Sacra-
mento. Mendota, Hauford, Visalia,
PcrterTille ■«:ISP
•l:«Or Sncramen Hirer Steamers *8:00p
4:ll»p Martinez, Kan lUtuon, Vallejo,
Nnp:i, Callntoga. Santa Kosa otl.*>4
4:OOp Benicia, VacaTllle, Saoramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
Marysiille, Oro»Hle.." IO:4!»*
4::iop Niles, San Jose and Stockton 7:1 5p
4:30p Yoseiuite Sleeping Car for Raymond J 2:1.1
3:00 The Owl. • Fresno, Bakersfleld. San-
ta Barbara, Los Angeles 9:45 1
«!5:00p Pacific Coast Limited. El Paso,
Fort Worth. Little Rock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East Ift:43*
3:SOp Stockton, Merced. Fresno 12:13p
S:;t»p Martinet, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojave and l.os Angeles B<4>la
siBop Hai.U Fa JCoute, Atlantic Kipress
for Mi.Ja»« and Hast..: 0:43 p
(-,:(•(> - Ktoopmii Mall, (>k(l«mi and Kast.... 0:43 a
tf:OOi' Haywards, Niles and San Jose 7i4»\
•«:<M>r Vallejo... ia:l»p
7:otir Urecou Nacramentn, Marys-
villo, Bedding, Portland. Pugut
.Sound and f.nat 7:43 a
t*:OOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions {1 0:3 Or
flO:O3p Sunset Limited. Fresno, Los
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
and Kast :i:«3p
SAX LCAHDRO AM) lIAYVTAKDS LOCAL.
(Foot ot Market Street.)
"> Helrofte, Seminar; Park, ( «:!."» a
«:OO» Kilrlihiirir. Klniliurgt, (;'.»: l 3a.
i0:OO A Sun I.eanilro. Soiilli Sim (*!>:l3a
lO.oo* l,e»ndrn. Kstuillllo, 10:454
ii 1:00* Lorento, Cherry \ t\\-\*K
«3:nOp an ,| 12:43p
s : ""'' lUynar.l.. * «'
<sOOp i Runs through to Nile* -Ml
) tFromNlles I <i<sp
COAST 111 VISION (Narrow «anse).
(Foot of Market Street.)
J7:45a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations J8»O3»
8:13 a Newark,Centt>r-;ille,San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek.Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 3»30p
■2il3r Newark, CeuterTille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations "10:50*
4:13p San Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions 9:80 a.
14: 1 Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
tions /9:204
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SILK FRANCISCO — Fiot of Mtrkit Strut (Slip —
•7:16 9:00 11:011 a.m. {1:50 *2:00 13:00
•4:00 t6:00 •6:00f.M.
from OllUHB— foot or Br«idk»j.— -6:00 8:00 1000*. m.
13:00 *1:00 12:00 '3:00 t«:QO »8:00r.n.
COAST DIVISION (Broad flange).
(Third and Towngeiid St>.)
•6:10 a South San Francisco *6:30p
•7:OOa San Jose and Way Btntlnus (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) l:30r
{7:80 a Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pnciflc Grove and
Principal Way Stations JB:33*
•iOOa San Jose, Tres Pinos, Hunt* Crux,
Pacilic Grove. Paso Hobles, Bau
Luis Obtopo, Guadalupe, Surf and
Prlncli>al Way Stations 4«I0e
10:40* Sau Jose and Way Stations «S:«O\
11:3Oa San Jose and Way Stations si3op
*a:4sp San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Han Jose,
Gilroy, Holllster, Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacilio
Grove «IO:!IAa
•8:8 Op San Jose and Way Stations *9:OOa.
•4:15r San .Tow and Principal Way Stations 9:43 \
•5:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:50 a
5:8 Op San Jose ami Principal Way Stations "8:33*
6:30p San Jose and Way Stations 7:3«p
t11:45p San Jose and Way Stations 7i3op
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
•Bund«ys excepted. 1 Sunday only. + Saturdays only.
only. ftSaturday and Sunday.
J Sunday and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO,
LESSEE r.--;J
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Perry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
KEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. m. 12:3\
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:54
and 11:30 p. m. •
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. t»; 1:30, 3:3Ul
6:00, 6:20 p. m. :h v*.-
SAN RAFAEL TO SXN FRANCISCO. "
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45,.
8:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips aft
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40, 5:05,
6:25 p. m. i
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen. Par*
same schedule as above.
Leat-e Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco. ,
• 1 April 16, — j .
Week ; Sun- 1»99. Sun- | Week '
Days. ) days. Destination. days. | Days, j
1 1 1 <
7:30 ami 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am| 8:40 an»
3:30 pm| 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 m 10:23 am.
6:10 pni; 5:00 pm Santa Kosa. I 7:35 pm 6:20 prr»
Fultcn,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 an)
Healdfburg,
Lytton,.
Geyservllle,
3:30 pm 8:00 am GloverdaJe, 7:35 pm 6:20 pml
7:30 am j Hopland and I 10:25 an»
3:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pia
, 7:30 am 10:25 ana
; 8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm ; 6:20 pru
7:30 am 8:00 am' Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 aim
and i
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm *:20 pn»
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebftstopol. 10:40 am 10:25 an*
3:30 pm 5:00 pm| j 7:35 pm| 6:20 prq
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Spring.* and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggj
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop*
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kelseyville, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake«
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. 'Plue Lakes. Laurel
DpII Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's,
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights, Hullvllle.
Boonevllle, P^ilo. Christine, . Soda Springs.
Navarro. Whltesboro, Albion. Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg-,
Westport. T-'shl. Willltti=. Laytonville, rum,
mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St.. Chronicle bids.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agenu
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIB
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2&, 1899. trains will run as follows*
' South-bound. ' North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. .. Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd i Dally.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm! 6:00 pro
" 9:10 am 2:06 pm Merced 12:40 pm : 4:13 pni
10:49 am 6:35 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 prq
11:38 ami 7:43 pm| Ifaanford 7:45 am 1:45 prij
2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 an*
11:59 am' «:25 pm Vlsalla 6:40 am 1:23 pfti
li:15 pm 6:53 pm| Tulare 5:50 am; 1:05 pm
' Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connection*
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 321 Martial
%trteU.fi«Jtt JTraacUca.
910
RAILROADS TO
BE REQUIRED
TO KEEP FAITH
All Unused Tracks to
Be Torn Up.
TRANSFER SYSTEM CUT
DISCRIMINATION SHOWN AT
CERTAIN PERIODS.
Southern Pacific Also Shows a Disre
gard of Promises Contained in
an Ordinance Granting
a Franchise.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
Broadway, April IS.
More than twice Bixty days have passed
railroad syndicate prom
ised to take up many Bectlona of aban
doned track In this city, but bo far noth
ing has been done ai.d the Council has.
in a resolution passed last night, thrown
out a general hint that other franchises
may be forfeited it faith be not kept.
All of last year the syndicate was mak
ing | - greeable ay possible to the
citize'...- ol Oakland. Having acquired all
the :. Btems with the exception of
ed by the Southern Pacific It
ed In to put them in such condition
«ls to make their management more eeon
..; and the service mure regular. The
. • of this position was so generally
acknowledged that their managers were
granted ail they ask«-d. l.ast November
the syndicate made an agreement with
the City Council which is duly set forth
In an ordinance whereby the syndicate. In
: being allowed to abandon
promised to take up the
tracks will. in sixty days and plave tn«
Btreet in first-class condition. This has
lone.
ks which are nothing but mils
j...w i xist on Eleventh street, from Wash-
Jefferson; on Jefferson street.
enth; on Sixth street,
. Jrffereon to Washington; on Twelfth
street, from Wood to Pint-; and on Pine,
from Eighth to Twelfth, and from
th to Atlantic. After the .sixty .lays
led liftt-en days, were granted
till nothing has been done, so the
matter haa been referred to Die City At
.. The resolution passed last night
contains this significant hint: "That if
the work is not done it Is the seine of this
Council that' their franchises to operate
- in other portions uf said
■ : : tted."
lutlon before the City
cil relates to the action of the syn
.tiling its transfer system
g certain hours on Sundays. It has
. ome from any
■ kland and go to Blair's Park
nickel, and this is not by any means
■ ride that can be obtained for
-urn in this city. When the syndl
.uijuired the street railroads
re than generous. It did what
i ! men considered an absurdity by
:.*,' it possible to ride from tht ex
western end of Alameda to t:
• ■ north end of Berkeley for a nickel,
. of about fourteen miles. This
; roug contrast to the
tern now In vogue In regard to the Pied
mont line, and as these changes affect
rch hours" in the middla of tht- day
it ifi considered to be a great hardship,
natter has been referred to the City
ney to see if it be legal to charge
one fare for a'certain Journey during one
f th.' day and double that fare for
the same journey some other portion of
This matter has aroused muoh
publl ' - - ects thousands of
regard of an ordinance is
that of the Southern Pacific Company in
■ • with the new curve from Har
street to Webster. When this fran
was granted the. railroad company,
nearly a y.-ar ago. it whs acknowledged
b> the company that the i urve running
si.i. walks at right angi
■ was a very dangero
Before th<- franchise was gi
ailroad company assured the Council
that it had bought the whole block and
that it would promise to make a park of
I the block not used by the
track and keep all obstructions from it
• passengers could see the train
approaching at least one block from eith< r
direction. This condition was inserted In
franchise. To-day the lot is piled man;.
feet high with lumber and no at'
has been made to keep the terms upon
■which the privilege in granted. Some time
ago one man was killed at this very 1 "'
find residents in the neighborhood are
daily expecting similar tragedies.
ALL WOUNDS DECLARED
TO BE ANTE-MORTEM
EVIDENCE THAT A KNIFE WAS
USED.
Although a Paddle Wheel May Have
Caused the Injuries There Is
Much to Offset This
Theory.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 18.
An autopsy was held thin afternoon on
the remains of the man picked up from
the bay off the Oakland mole yesterday.
It is the opinion of the doctors and Coro
: r Mehrmann that all the wounds found
c body were ante-morten, although
thi3 does not necessarily mean that a
murder or even a suicide ha* been com-
"The death of this man is somewhat
mysterious," said Coroner Mehrmann,
"and ft is a case in which everybody can
theorize to his heart's content. In the
first place, the man had not been dead
more than ten hours when he whs
brought to the Morgue. Had he been un
der a paddle wheel or br-en struck with a
propeller I hnrdly think he would have
ped without the ]os« of more flesh.
"There are several wounds on the body
that wen- certainly inflicted by a knif«-,
and al! of them were ante-mortem. Had
the man been drowned he would not have
been "n the surface so noon after death
:v that hi- was
dead when he was put into the water.
Then Lgna of asphyxiation and
(!• :ith was certainly not caused by drown
ing- It in possible, however, that all the
wounds v ■ i at the same time
and may have been done by a paddlo
wheel or a propeller, or both, l think the.
police should look into the matter .is it
is- possible that the cause of death may
■•• either suicide or accident i shall
hold an Inquest to-morrow night by
which time the remains may have been
!d< nt,ifled."
The police hnv. made an effort to ti
the origin of ih«- man's death, but have
mci with no success, as they have no clew
to work on,
SIGHT OF TRAGEDY
CAUSED HER DEATH
MRS. MARGARET WELCH PASSED
AWAY LAST NIGHT.
Eye-Witness to the Yon Schmidt
Murder and Suicide Sustained
a Fatal Shock.
OAKLAND, April 18.-Mrs. Margaret
Welch, wife of Police Officer Welch of
Alarm-da, died at the* Receiving Hospital
shortly after 6 o'clock this evening.
Her death Is approximately due to a
shock she experienced as a result of be
ing an eye-witness to the Yon Schmidt
double tragedy a week ago last Sunday.
Tho awful details of that scene were 'so
BOY KIDNAPED BY THE
TWENTY-FIRST INFANTRY
§ OAKLAND. April lg.-Sergeant Peterson of the local police force is the gj
8 [ I self-appointed temporary guardian of Johnny White, a bright blue- 3
Si I I eyed little boy of 12 years, whose home is with his parents in Council g
2 Bluffs. lowa, whence he claims to have been kidnaped by the Twenty- g
g first United States Infantry, en route from the East, and who sailed for the g
§ Ph AcSni°t"o a johnny' 8 story, the soldiers picked him up at Council Bluffs 8
.♦ and kept him in one of the berths until the train was speeding over the desert g
O far from his home. The warriors treated him kindly, he said but upon ar- g
« riving at the Oakland mole yesterday the soldiers gave him a few dimes and »
<_ told him to strike out for himself. ' ,_'*__ j_
&.S After wandering about in Oakland for a day and a night Johnny located 3.
_> the City Prison, and there applied to the officers for aid His story was 0
5 given full credence, and Sergeant Peterson took him to his home and imme- g
3 dlately telegraphed to the boy's father, informing him of Johnny s safety. 0
8 To-day Sergeant Peterson received a reply dispatch, thanking him and an- *
,'• Bouncing that the father would send for his kidnaped boy forthwith. g
•so!;o%o?*v%o ».o'. 0%<'%«:' , .0.v0.'.00%0**0?*05»0%0 % o % orioscasoßaca^
Indelibly impressed upon her mind that
[was feared she would lose her reason.
On last Saturday night deceased attend
ed the performance ol "The Denver Ex
press" at Dewey Opera-house. In the
second act a brutal stage murder Is en
acted and the scene reacted on -Mrs.
Welch and she was stricken with apo
plexy or partial paralysis, which ended
In death to-night.
At times during yesterday deceased-be
came partially conscious and recognized,
b y a pressing of the left hand, her hus
band and children, who were at her bed-
De'oeased was a native of Ireland, aged
4", years She came to America when but
■t mere child and four years ago buried
her father. Michael Lordon. She leaves
six children— Dave. Fred. Kitty. May, Wil
lie and baby, Marguerite, aged 2 years
The eldest boy is 21 years. The funeral
Will take place from the family residence,
2SM San Jose avenue, Alameda.
STANFORD MEN
RAID BERKELEY
THE CAPTURED AX SOUGHT, BUT
NOT FOUND.
Ineffectual Attempt Made to Recover
the Mascot of the Palo
Altans.
BERKELEY, April IS.— At 2 o'clock
last night, after carefully preventing all
means of detection, sixty Stanford stu
- made their first raid by creeping
stealthily into the university town in a
deliberate attempt to recapture their
stolen ax by force. The attempt failed.
The Stanford men left Palo Alto secret
ly yesterday afternoon and came up to
San Francisco. They held a hurri.-.i meet-
Ing at the Ramona Hotel on Kills street
to lay their plans.
Coming over to Oakland they remained
in hiding until midnight and then proceed
ed to Berkeley by twos and threes to a
point of rendezvous near the university
campus. Having heard that the ax was
placed for safety in the hands of Charlie
Pringle, one of Berkeley's last year foot
ball stars, they completed their plans for
raiding his house. Pringle is a member
of the Chi Phi fraternity, which has Its
chapter hall at 2222 Bancroft way.
Only six men stayed In the Chi Phi house
last night and these were sleeping sound
ly when the raid began. Mark Chese
brough occupied a room on the
floor, Pringle one on the third. A sharp
rap at the door awakened Chesebrough.
To the question as to whether Pringle were
in or not Chesebrough replied in the neg
ative. I'puii receiving this answer a
squad of Stanford men burst open the
front door. They made their way to
Pringle' s room, awakened him an ■:
manded the stolen trophy. It was re
fused. The Chi Phi men at first thought
distance but realizing the uselessness
of facing such overwhelming numbers
submitted to seeing their house ran
sacked.
i 'hesebrough attempted to jump from
a window Into the back yard. Tie faced
a strong guard of Stanford men and
crawled back. Failing in this attempt to
raise an alarm he tried to get help from
the outside by means of telephone. But
the wires had all been cut by the raiders,
.so this means failed.
Half of the attacking party entered the
■ and began a thorough search.
Wardrobes, cuphoards, trunks, bureaus—
every imaginable place In which the ax
might have been hid was torn open and
its contents spread about in all sorts of
confusion. A few private boxes, contain
ing the fraternity Bscrets and mystic
paraphernalia, were left undisturbed, the
fraternity men giving their word of honor
that the monster blade was not concealed
in them.
Once during the search two or three
Stanford men came very near the ax; In
fact, passed right by the place where it
remained concealed.
The search proved fiuitless. After over
an hour of probing and delving Into all
possible hiding places the Stanford men
ffave up the hunt.
A telegram was received from Stan
ford to-day by Track Manager P. J.
Franklin Btating that unless some guar
antee could be given that the ax would be
kept out of sight during the field day next
Saturday the event would be declared off.
Franklin telegraphed back that every pre
caution would be taken to keep the tung
nff the rampup and that a cordon of po
lice would be stationed at the cindpr track
to prevent its being carried within the
luclosure.
HONORED THE TWENTY-FOURTH
Colored Troops Welcomed by Bethel
A. M. E. Church.
Stnndingr-room was at a premium at
the reception tendered the members of
the Twenty-fourth Regiment Monday
evening by the congregation of the Bethel
A. M. E. Church.
After the singing of the National An
them by the choir and the audience the
Rev. Tlllman Brown, pastor of the
African Methodist Zion Church, deliv
ered a stirring prayer. Joseph S. Francis
of the Western Outlook followed with an
eloquent address of welcome to the guests
of the evening. He eulogized the men
for the splendid work they did In the late
war. In glowing words he described
their charge up the San Juan. Hill amid
shot and shell.
Dr. Anderson, the pastor of the church.
welcomed the boys in blue In behalf of
his church. He begged the men to re
main away from a moonlight picnic that
was to be given in their honor, as he
feared they might spoil their good rec
ord. Mrs. \V. B. Poweel and BUSS Be.a
triee Harris rendered a few songs and
Jessie Haley recited, as did Ed Pruett.
Sergeant Major Green of the Twenty
fourth Regiment was then introduced and
told at length the experiences encoun
: by the men during the Cuban cam
paign. Ife concluded with a description
of the battle in which the colored troops
their line record. Sergeant Frank
lin of Company E concluded the enter
tainment by some personal recollections
oi the fight. His account was replete
with humor and created a great deal of
merriment. The guests, headed by their
band, marched to the basement and were
refreshed with good things.
Servians Congratulate Nikola.
The following dispatch was received
from Cettinje, Montenegro, on Monday
afternoon by the editor of • Redaction
Sloboda, the official newspaper' for the
Servian Literary Club of this city, from
the Official Gazette of Montenegro:
The Crown Prince, Danil>, is engaged to
Juttii. daughter, of /the Grand Duke Mecklen
burg in St. Petersburg. The enKueement has
been made through the Russian Czar, Nikola.
The Joy of the people if great. *
GLAS CRKNOGORCA.
The following congratulation was cabled
by the Montenegrins of this city, who
are highly delighted over the engagement:
To His Highness, Prince Nikola: From our I
hearts v.- congratulate the engagement of the
Crown Prince Danllo.
Yesterday the following was received
from the Crown Prince Nikola:
•66Si 'si n jll v *3f MIXX3D
Bloboda and Servian Literary Society: Though
far away. I am near to you in heart. I most
heartily thank my brethren. NIKOLA.
—«♦ ■ -
Lincoln Lodge.
To-morrow night Lincoln Lodge No. 2
of the Friends of the Forest will have a
bonbon party In the social hall of the !
Foresters' building, and the committee on
social hour promisee a moat enjoyable
evening to the friends of the lodge who
accept lh% iavitatiou*.
THE SA:N FRAKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 19, 1899.
AN ELOQUENT PLEA
FOR INDIVIDUAL UNIT
FATHER MACCORRY LECTURES.
AT A BENEFIT.
A Large Audience Listens to the
Brilliant Paulist Missionary and
Applauds His Sentiments.
If the armory of Company O, In St.
, Mary's College on the Mission road, had
, been twice its size the great crowd that
attended the lecture given by the Rev.
1 Father MacCorry, O. S. P., last evening
might have been comfortably accommo
dated. The popularity of the eloquent
young Paulist missionary, and the fact
that he appeared for the benefit of St.
I John's Church, of which Father Brady is
pastor, resulted in tilling the hall to over
flowing.
Preceding the lecture Miss Etta Welsh.
J. C. McDonnell, Miss Annie Rooney and
, J. Gildea were heard in songs and their
efforts were appreciated by the audience.
A 1 the conclusion of the musical pro
gramme. Chairman P. J. Curtis intro
duced Father MacCorry to his audience
i and he was warmly greeted. The speaker
; chose as his subject. "The T'nit in Crea
tion's Plan; a Plea for Light, for Liberty
and Independence." He handled his
: theme in an able manner and for nearly
, an hour entertained his listeners with his
views. In part he said:
As individuals in this world we are frag
ments. God makes the human race in atoms
and then with a master hand gradually fits
them together until they constitute, as it
were a single unit, wonderfully harmonious
and amazingly made. Our deficits and sur
pluses of character are given wheels in the
great established mechanism. What I lack
you make up, what you lack I supply. One
man has the patience, another the courage,
the third the tranquillity and the fourth the
?.-u! That which la lacking in one is made
up by another or else made up by all. Each,
too, has his work to do — his duty to perform
and each in his own peculiar way.
I have no more right to blame a man for
being different from me or from doing things
In another way from mine, than a driving
wheel has the right to blame the axle that
holds It to the center. Just because the axle
Is differently made. Moreover I can not ac
complish your work or you mine. The axle
can never be the driving wheel nor the driv
ing wheel an axle. You can do other work
or similar work or better work, but you can
not do my work. The difficulty la we are
never satisfied with the work which God has
given us to do. In a pathetic little way we
strive to defeat his plans.
The Bpeaker illustrated his meaning
with a few apt similes, and then went on
to show what a magnificent thing it is to
!"• a unit, to feel thai you are one. a per
sonality; an individual: to be something
of tm investigator, something of a rea-
Boner for yourself. To feel that the census
of this big world would not be complete
unless you were counted in. He then
showed that the right of each individual
man tv play a personal part in the drama
of the nations is the birthright of Ameri
can s pie He proved that Washington
desired all men to rejoice in a personal
Independence, to be plad in the pleasure
of reeling themselves men: that he wished
every Individual to be surrounded with
respect and consideration; that he ush
ered in an era In which every man
crowned with tremendous possibilities
should be recognized as a unit in crea
tion's plan.
FATHER PROSECUTED
BY TWO DAUGHTEI
irt frequenters witnessed the unusual
scene yesterday of two daughters taking
the stand and lending their assistance in
an effort to hang their father. It was In
the case of Joseph Clark, on trini for the
murder of Joseph Cross, that this unusual
was enacted, and it furnished food
for unlimited comment, as did the actions
of the prisoner's wife in aiding the Dis
trict Attorney during the examination of
witnessi s.
Doubtless the young women took the
stand with the sole intention of telling the
truth, but it was only after consultation
: with the prosecution, and the fact that
, they Intended to tt-11 the truth and did so
did not protect them from criticism, aa
it was their father they wr.- attempting
to send to the gallows or prison.
Lottie fitirk was flrst called to the
1 Stand by the prosecution, and stated that
! she was employed us cashier in a Market
street restaurant. She then stated that
when her family moved to its present
| homo Joseph (Irnss was taken into the
house as a boarder in order to increase
the family revenue. She said she had not
visited her father since his arrest, as Bhe
i did not believe he wanted to see her. j i --r
Bister then took the stand, and, to the
i surprise of the prosecution, although she
I had been called to aid in securing a con
j viction, said that when Gross went to live
In their mother's house her father refused
to live there and moved away. She also
said that she had not called on her father,
a.s she believed he did not want to see
| her. She passed her father several flmes
: on the street, she said, and he did not
speak, and once when she boarded a car
she found him seated on the dummy, but
he Immediately got off the car. Her
Btatement that Clarke refused to live in
the house after^Sross went there to llvo
materially assisted the defense, as it
wished to establish beyond the perad
venture of a doubt that Gross did live in
the house with Mrs. Clark, and it was
left with this witness for the prosecution
to establish this fact.
Wlun Miss '"lark left the stand other
witnesses testified to minor details, after
which the case went over until this morn
ing for argument. When court adjourned
I two women, who posed as palmists, ap
proached the prisoner and gained per
mission to examine his hand. The ladies
examined his hand at length and then
said tliat his was riot the hand of a crimi
nal, that it manifested great love of
home but great jealousy. They' comment
ed at length on the fact that the hind
was not that of a criminal, and Clark
then turned away and with a weary smile
playing about his mouth, said: "if they
were the Judges I would doubtless be ac
quitted instantly; but they are not."
The interested crowd that had watched
the reading of the prisoner's hand then
filed out of court and Clark was returned
, to his cell to grieve over the "affection"
'. shown him by his family.
Contest for a Child.
Application was made yesterday in the
Probate Court by. the Kureka Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Children for
the cußtody of Ida Aubray, the infant
daughter of Mrs. Edna Aubray, who w.13
arrested a (Vw weeks ago for vagrancy,
but was dismissed by Judge Conlan after
telling h<-r story.
Airs. Aubray married againnt the will
of her father. Captain Van Pelt of the
ferry-boat [Tkiah. Shortly after her mar
riage Mrs. Aubray separated from her
husband and went to live on Turk street.
Recently the young mother was arrested
for vagrancy CO prevent, it in s;ii<l. a pos
sible reconciliation with her husband; but
Judge Conlan promptly dismissed the ac
tion. Now the Eureka Society seeks to
take the child from its mother's arms, but
there will be a lively contest for tne
baby's possession.
LATE BHIFPIHG inti;i.i,ii.i-;n( !■:.
SAILED.
Tuesday, April 18.
Stmr Sequoia, Thwln*. Fort Brass.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived April 18— Stmr Humboldt.
from Dyea.
BnWESS LANDINQ— BaIIed April 18— Schr
Reliance, for Ban Francisco.
MEN OF MEDICINE
IN YEARLY SESSION
State Society Meets at
Del Monte.
TIMELY TOPICS DISCUSSED
IMPROVED METHODS OF COM
BATING DISEASE.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DEL MONTE, April IS.— The twenty
ninth annual meeting of the Medical So
ciety of the State of California was called
to order in the ballroom of the Hotel Del
Monte at 10 o'clock this morning. The
address of welcome was delivered by Dr.
Harry M. Sherman of San Francisco, and
was followed by the address of. the presi
dent. Dr. William Watt Kerr of San
Francisco. The society then adjourned
until 2:30 p. m.
At the afternoon session Dr. 11. B. San
derson read a paper entitled "The Toxic
Basis of Insanity." He was quite of the
opinion that many if not most cases of
Insanity are due to poisons generated in
the body and affecting the structure of
the brain aa well as other organs. He
thought many advances would be made
in the treatment of insanity in the next
few years.
Dr. Leo Newmark read a paper entitled
"Obsessions," which dealt with a. form of
peculiar mental affection occasionally met
with.
Dr. George L. Cole presented a paper on
the subject of the "Diagnosis and Modern
Treatment of Pulmonary Tuberculosis."
He said that consumption 'was such a
very prevalent disease that fts discussion
should always be in order, though noth
ing new were said. He had tried tubercu
lin serum in a number of cases with some
excellent results. He had also used the
serum treatment in some cases of erysip
elas and pneumonia, and thought the
treatment valuable.
Dr. Herbert Moffltt discussed the paper
of Dr. Cole, as did Drs. J. Henry Barbot
and Philip Mills Jones. Dr. Jones and
Dr. Barbot said that they had found that
consumption could be easily diagnozed by
m.ans of the X rays. Dr. Jones had used
them also as a meth6d of treatment in
three cases, all of which improved. One
case of tuberculosis of the skin, or lupus,
was cured by the X rays. Dr. Barbol said
he had watched these cases of consump
tion ;t:id thought they were cured.
Other papers read during the day were
as follows : '■Typhoid fever, With Death
in One Week,,' 1 by Dr. William Fitch
Cheney; "Stomach Versus Heart." by Dr.
W. J. (J. Davis of St. Helena; "Dietetics
in Diseases Affecting Nutrition," by A- J.
Sanderson of St. Helena.
Dr. George Chismore of San Francisco
exhibited an improvement on his instru
ment for crushing stone In the bladder.
Dr. Chismore has attracted attention
from all parts of the world to this Instru
ment, and its improvement now an
nounced will doubtless attract still fur
tin r attention to Dr. Chismore and San
Francisco.
Dr. MacGowan of Los Angeles reported
ten operations for "tumors of the blad
der."
As has been the case for the past few
years "politics" is one of the principal
features of the present meeting. The
candidates for president are Dre. George
Chismore of San Francisco and Thomas
Ross of Sacramento, and rumor has it
that the contest will be very close and
heated. Whether or not Monterey will
a interesting a contest :is was the
"one-round go" between Drs. MacMon
agle and Potter, in which Dr. Totter drew
first blood, last year at Fresno, is yet to
be found out, for the election has not
yet "arrivi d."
Professor L< Conte, who is an honorary
member of the society, is attending tho
sessh ns mid takes much interest in the
papers and discussions. Among those at
tending are n. Ben Bills, Granvflle Ma<--
Gowan, William B. Bullard. W. Lemoyne
wills and George 1... Cole of I^os Angeles:
W. J. Q. Dawson and A. .1. Sanderson of
St. Helena; Chester Koweii of Fresno; H.
E. Sanderson and A. W. Hoisholt of
Stockton; H. A. Ryfkogel, K. J. Overend.
George C. Pardee and i ». I>. Crowiey of
Oakland; William W. Kerr, Harry M.
Sherman, Thomas w. lluntington. J.
Henry Barbot, F. H. Carpenter. Charles
c. Lev! son, C. C. Wadsworth, George
Chismore. William Fitch Cheney and
many others from San Francisco.
MEETING NOTICES.
MOUNT Mortal) L age No. 44, F. and ■
A. M.— Meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) _J\_
EVENING, a: 7:30 o'clock. Third d* «LJ\
gree. THKO. FROLICH. Sec. /V^
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139; F. and A. ■
M., Charter Hall, Masonic Temple— _J% _
H. 3d THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN-
ING. April 19. at 7 o'clock. By or- / >
der of the W. M H. FORTRIEDE. Sec.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166. F. and A. m
M.— Special meeting THIS iWEDNES- I*
DAY) EVENING. April 19, at 7:30 T\J\
o'clock. Second degree. l^w '
■ THEO. E. SMITH. Sec.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— ■
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) _J\_
EVENING. at 7:30 o'clock. First de- lS3f
gree. c. D. BUNKER. Secretary. /▼ >
K. H. B. Notice— members are re- 0
quested to attend the meeting THI9,,Ka,
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, April 19, \bX4
1899, to make arrangements for the an-^*^
nual picnic to be held at Shell Mound Park.
SUNDAY, April 30, 1899.
THE regular meeting of the San Fran- fji
Cisco Bricklayers' Association will be I
held THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- Jf \,
ING, April 19, 1899, (it B. B. Hall, 121 &ki
Eddy st., at 8 o'clock. A full attend- J+4^
ance requested: business of Importance * iT*
E. J. BRANDON, President. a
NOTICE Is hereby given by order of the Board
of Directors of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY that a meeting of the stockholders
of said Company has been called by said
Board, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
Of June, A. D. 1899. Nt eleven o'clock In the
• forenoon of Bald day, at the' principal place of
business of said Company, at the building
where the said Board of Director)! usually
meets, namely, at the office of said Company,
number 327 Market et.,,ln the City and County
of Ban Francisco, State of California; that
the object of Bald meeting Is to consider and
act upon the proposition that paid Company
create a bonded indebtedness of two million
five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000 00). In
United States gold coin, for the purpose of
raising money to complete the construction
of its Eteamßhlps and their equipment, for
use In the business of this corporation, and
to purchase and pay for any other, property
within the purposes of this Company; and to
secure the bonded indebtedness so proposed
to be created by a mortgage upon Its steam
and sailing ships and all other property of
taid Company now owned or hereafter to be
acquired by said Company.
By order of the Board of Directors of U»»
Oceanic Steamship Company.
(Corporate Seal.] E. H. SHELDON,
Secretary of the Oceanic Steamship Comp-
any.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery ?t.. rooms !)-10: tel. 5520.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE-Dlvidend No. 92 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of the
"company, 327 Market St., on and after Mon-
day, May 1, 1899. Transfer books will close on
Tuesday, April 25; 1899. at 3 o'clock p. m.
K. H. • SHELDON, Secretary.
OFFICE of the Fireman's Fund Insurance
Company, San Francisco, April nth. 1899.
At a regular meeting of the board of directors
I of this company, held this day, a dividend
I was declared payable on and after April 19th,
i 1899. . . • •
BERNARD FAYMONVILLE, Secretary.
DIVIDEND Dividend No. 66 (twenty-
five cents per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at tha
office of the company, 327 Market st., on and
after Thursday, April 20th. 1899.
Transfer books will close on Friday, April
14th, 1899, at S o'clock p. m.
F. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS AV ANTED— FEMALE.
AN English middle-aged woman, good cook and
houseworker. *12 to $15. MRS. NORTON, Mi
■ Sutter st.
GERMAN housegirl. good cook. 4 years last
place, $15 to 120. MRS. NORTON. 313 Butter.
GERMAN second girl, good waitress and seam-
stress; city or country- MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
NEAT young girl wants position in small fam-
ily to assist in housework. Address 319 Dore,
\
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
LADIES— We have some of the best servants
in the city applying to us for work; we take
pains to suit you with suitable help when
you leave with us exclusively your orders.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS colored cook desires situation;
best reference; city or country- MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT second girl or nurse desires situation;
best of reference; city or country; $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl desires situation as sewing
and assist with children; best references.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Putter Bt.
RELIABLE middle-aged woman wishes situa-
tion;- Is good cook: do light housework; city
or short distance in country; best reference;
no postal answered without carfare. 3SS6
Twenty-third Bt.. near Sanchez.
INTELLIGENT lady desires most any kind of
light employment; good reader; reasonable
terms. 997 Market St., room 108.
YOI'NG woman wishes a position to do up-
stairs work or to take care of children. Please
address 303H Turk St.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes engagement
by the day with family; work guaranteed.
209 Eddy st.
WOMAN who works by the day would like a
few more engagements; $1 per day; best of
references. Call Sl7 Mission st.
GIRL wishes situation to do housework and
plain cooking. Call 28Vs Sycamore aye., be-
tween Seventeenth and Eighteenth sts.
NEAT, obliging young girl to do light house-
work; sleep home preferred. A. A., 1941 Mis-
sion st.
FRENCH girl wishes position to do second
work or chamberwork and sewing; also wait
at table. 668 Mission st.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation; gen-
eral housework; is fond of children; wages
$12 to $15. Please call at 270 Jessie St.. nr. 4th.
NEAT young girl wants general housework
and plain cooking. Please call at 3647 Sacra-
mento St., corner of Spruce.
COLORED woman wishes a situation as lady's
maid or in doctor's office. Address M.. box
352, Call.
WANTED — Position as working housekeeper or
companion by a respectable American lady.
Box 1. Call.
WANTED— Position as cashier. Apply at 920
Post st.
WOMAN wants situation; good cook; country
preferred. 225 Minna st.
SITUATION wanted by a young German girl;
upstairs work; understands waiting at table
and sewing. Address box A-9, Call office.
SWEDISH girl wishes situation to do general
housework. Call or address 266 Tenth st.
COMPETENT German woman wishes general
housework; good plain cook. Apply 4418
Nineteenth St., near Eureka.
SITUATION wanted by competent girl to do
second work or care of children and sew-
ing; references. 1413 Devlsadero st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like to do of-
fice cleaning or housework; by day or month.
I Apply at 242 Natoma st., basement.
yOUNG lady of culture and refinement desires
position as companion or private secretary to
elderly person; references. Address M., 519
Eddy st.
EXPERIENCED nurse desires engagements;
terms moderate. Box 6, Call office.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms; 26c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $8
week: convenient and respectable; free "bus
and baggage to and from f*rry; elevator.
SITUATIONS \\ A\T»;iJ— HAIX.
SITUATION wanted by a reliable German
couple either in a mining camp or on a ranch;
the wife is a good general housekeeper, while i
the husband can make himself generally use-
ful: best of reference. Address 325 Sutter st., |
MISS CULLEN.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary Bt. ; tel. Grant ad.
! JAPANESE emplymt ofllce; help; farm hands,
domestics. ITO. 725 Geary St.; tel. Polk 11.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414H O'Farrell st.; tel. East 42*.
SITUATION wanted by practical florist and
gardener to take charge of private place; Ger-
man, age 32, single; 18 years' experience In
plants, cut flowers, vegetables and landscape
gardening; firet-class references. Address
box A 3. Call office.
WANTED— By a young married man, position
as bookkeeper, collector, clerk or any kind
of employment; can furnish references. Ad-
liresj; Clerk, 1611 Union St.. Alameda.
EXPERIENCED young married mari wishes a
position as driver or any kind of work; is
honest, obliging and reliable; best of refer-
ence. Box A 2. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by neat German boy in j
city or country; age 16 years; residing with .
parents; references. Apply at 1032 Hampshire
Bt., near Twenty-third.
GARDENER A practical gardener, under-
stands tiie business in all branches and a good
horseman, wishes situation. Address box G
!'\ I 'nil.
HoOKKEEPEIt. French. 4.'. years, good ac-
countant and correspondent, wishes situation;
first-Clasa references. Address box 65, Call.
COOK would like a position in country board-
ing-house or mining camp; sober and Indus-
trious. 14'J Thlr :
WANTED A Bltuatlon as driver by a man
iking German and English fluently. Box
363, Call.
lOUNG man understanding work about place
desires work in city; references. Address A.
I\. box 2. Call.
UPHOLSTERER, German, young man, wants
w.rk. 7 Grant aye., room 10.
THIRD hand Laker wants steady work. Ad-
dress bos 2, Call. _
WANTED— Work on a dairy farm where
steady employment can be had by one who
thorougnTy understands his business: 4.". years
of nge and single; is strictly temperate; ref-
erences from last employer. Address DAXRT,
box 5, Call office.
yol'M! man wishes position as assistant en-
gineer or to take entire charge of small en-
gine; city or country. A. L., box 13, Call.
WANTED Situation ns gardener: reference
given. Address 11. CLYNE. 1240 Mission St.
PRINTER Set type, feed cylinder and Gordon
Htyl» presses; fair Job workman; handy In
city Job nr country news office; steady situ-
ation an object. Address Printer. 44 Third St.
COLORED man us porter, elevator, etc.; has
4 years' reference. Address C. ENNIS, 518
Powell st.
WANTED— Position as messenger or any
place of trust by a middle-aged man; strict-
ly sober and honest; can give first-class city
references and bond If required. JOHN U.
TAYLOR, box 4, Call office.
BAKER— Foreman, steady worker, with best
of references, wishes situation; city or coun-
try; stock or compressed yeast. Address M.
G., box 1454, Call office, Oakland.
EXPERIENCED ynung German wishes work
as window washer and housecleaner by the
day at $1 50 per day. Address Housecleaner,
748 Howard St., room 6.
AN honest, capable man of good habits desires
position as bookkeeper or office man with re-
liable firm where merit and strict attention to
business will be appreciated; good recom-
mendations; moderate salary. Box 34, Call.
GARDENER wishes a position on private
place; understands care of horses and cows
and is generally useful. Box A 30, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by an amiable and Indus-
trious Japanese boy; any kind of housework,
in office, family, boarding; best references.
A. B. V.. 1329 Pine St.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
25 waitresses for springs and resorts for May
Ist: call and engage your places now. C.
It HANSEN <fc CO., 104 Geary St.
10 WAITRESSES for city and country places,
$20: 3 chambermaids to wait, $20; 2 fancy
ironers. short ways in country, $J0 week; 2
lunch and dinner waitresses, $20; woman cook
for summer resort $35
young lady of some experience as clerk in
candy store, $7 week, steady place, see purty
here
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
cook. American family of 2, $30; working
housekeeper for family of 3 grown persons,
$20: cook and laundress for small family, $25;
cook, small Jewish family. $25: young house-
girl for small family, no children. $15; girl
for housework nn<l assist care children, $15
to $20, no wash; and others too numerous to
mention. C. R. HANgBN & CO., 104 Geary.
WANTED— 3 cooks. $30. wlth~~Tnd without
washing, city and country; cook, resort $4n
Protestant nurse. $20; Protestant second' girl,'
$20 and $15; waitresses for springs and coun-
try hotels. $20; 40 girls for housework,
$20. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO. 318
Sutter st.
WANTED— IO waitresses for the~sprhTg7 to go
May Ist; register your names at one* If you
316 "4 a " iCe place ' J ' F - C'ROSETT & C 0.,.
WANTED— American woman as matron tor
hospital, $40; best of references required J
F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
COOK, $35; waitress, same houßeT~s2s- cook"
Alameda. J25, must go to-day; cook 'Amer'
lean family, $25: city houseglrl, $2:, ;' Scandi-
navian woman for chamberwork $U, ■ wa it
■ ress. boarding-house. $ln; nursegirl 1 "chilri *
years old, $10. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
&0 YOI'NG girls for housework; also a num-
ber of young girls to assist: some first-class
ranch conks: a mother and daughter wish
places In the country, mother a good cook-
girl to assist. MISS DILLON, 315 Sutter at '
phone Main 804.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
REFINED young girl or middle-aged woman,
light housework, 2 In family, Kern County,
one preferred who understands something
about music. $10 to $15; good home. MISS
CU— __f. 325 Sutter St.
CATHOLIC housework girl. $20 p»-r month; 2
in family. MISS CULLEX. 325 .Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID, $15 per month. MISS <[ I.-
LEX, 325 Sutter st.
TWO cooks. $30 and $35 per month; a woman
with a child, $10 per month, see lady here.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter jit.
NURSEGIRL. 1 child 4 years old. $10 pi r
month. MISS CULLEN, 32.'. Slitter st.
GIRL, wash dishes, bakery, .$l2;- sleep hume.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter s^
i WAITRESSES and chambermaids, country
hotels. $20 and 525. MISS CULLEN, 32. Sutter.
REFINED middle-aged woman. Sonoma. $20.
country, fare paid. MISS CULLEN. 32;> Sut-
ter st.
HOUSEWORK. San Jose, $20: Modesto, $20;
Belvedere $20- Sonoma, $20: Santa Cruz. $20;
Menlo Park, $20; Glen Ellen, $20; Capltola.
|16: Livermore, $20; 10 housework girls, $20
and $2,' i: six young girls, assist, $10 to $15.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl, assist light housework. 2 in
family. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WORKING housekeeper not older than S5
years 2 gentlemen. $10 per month, fare paid.
__MISS CULLEN, 326 Sutter st.
GERMAN or Swedish housework girl. Pleas-
anton, $25 per month, see lady here; 2 second
girls, $20 and $25, city; nurse, $20. MISS CTL-
LEN, 325 Sutter St.
SECOND girl, small family, $20; chambermaid,
$18; nurseglrl. $15; and others., MRS. HIRD,
631 Larkin st.
WANTED— A good finisher and button-hole
maker for tailoring. 20S Rose aye., near Oc-
tavl.a st.
rOUNQ* woman for light housework. 1362
Geary et.
YOUNG girl for light housework and care of 1
child; references. 1912 Page st. ; call after 10.
DRESSMAKER'S apprentice wanted. 406 Sut-
ter St., rooms 90-91.
WANTED— GirIs to learn finishing pants. 545
Sanchez st., near Nineteenth.
FIRST-CLASS finisher and buttonhole maker
on fine vests. 854 Folsom st.
PROTESTANT girl for general housework; $12.
710 Cole St., near Chutes.
APPRENTICE girl wanted for tailoring busi-
ness. Apply 414 O'Farrell st.
GOOD waist finishers wanted. 509 A Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS ladles' presser at the New Pa-
risian Dyeing and Cleaning W'ks, 2216 Folsom.
GIRL between 14 and 16 to assist in lisht
housework. Call after \) a. m., 714 McAllister.
GOOD Ironerg and starchers. 790 Elizabeth st.,
between 23d ami 24th, west of Castro.
GIRL for light housework, $8. Apply 1430 LeaT-
enworth st.
WANTED— First-class skirt hands. 1022 Mar-
ket st.
CUSTOM tailoress on fine coats wanted. 533
Natoma ft.
WANTED— GirI to do general housework in
small family. 807 Filbert st.
FIRST-CLASS second girl, $25: 2 cooks for
country, $20. MRS. CATTELL, 525 Eighth St..
Oakland.
LITTLE girl wtshes home in Catholic family
in country. Girls' Directory, Central aye.
WANTEI>— Good alteration hands at E. MES-
SAGER'S CLOAK STORE. 145 Post st.
WANTED— A girl who does German cooking
and washing; references. 2311 Broadway.
FIRST-CLASS skirtmakers* BOWHAY, 516
Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS operators and finishers on
pants. 6 Eddy «t., room SS.
EXPERIENCED apprentice on custom coatu.
803 Montgomery St.. room 10.
STARCH ironer wanted. Modern Laundry. :>o
Eighth st.
i GOOD Ironers. Call ready to work. 790 Eliza-
beth st.
', FIKST-CLASS sewers on cording for under-
skirts, poke bonnets, etc. H. FRIEDLAN-
DER, 338 Fell st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on pants; steady work.
858 Howard >t.. over handball court.
SMART hairworker; also apprentice at hair-
dressing. 240 Stockton St.. near Post.
WANTED — An experienced waitress for hotel,
fall at 299 Hyde st.
16-YEAR-OLD girl to help in kitchen. Call 132 C
Polk st.
WANTED — Operators on crash and duck skirts.
DAVIDSON ii MILLER, 781 Market at.
OPERATORS on overshlrts and underwear.
LXVI STRAUSS & CO.. 38% Fremont st.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
C. R. HANSEN fr CO Phone Grant IS.",
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waiter, Qrst-class hotel, $60, country.
Head cook, meat and pastry, for a sum-
mer resort, $70.
Broiler, hotel, north, $60, see party here 10
a. m. ; restaurant butcher. $50; cook, 20 men.
S;W; cook, $10 a week; second cook, plain ho-
tel. $!u; potwasher. country hotel. $20; vege-
table man; helps' waiter, springs, fare ad-
vanced.
Colored head waiter and a crew of waiters
for a summer resort for May 1; 1 colored
waiters, hotel, north, see party here, fare
paid.
Walter, country restaurant, $30 and room; 2
waiters, country hotel, $25.
MISCELLANEOUS
Blacksmith, $1 75 a day and found; 2 cabi-
net-makers. $2 25 a day: carriage painter, $2 50'
a day; vegetable gardener, $25; choreinan and j
run incubator, $2,"<; man about place, $20; 5
milkers, $26; 8 farmers. $20 and found; 4 boys
to i.ull weeds. »nc and board a day. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
MURRAY. & READY Phone Main OSIB
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
2 carpenters, country. $2 .".0 day; stableman,
$36; butcher for ranch; mule teamster; 3 farm
hands, same ranch, $26 and found; 2 milkers
for Oregon. $25. fare paid; choreman and
make butter. $25 and found; slate splitters and
hlockmakers. see boss here; 5 men or boys to
pull mustard, $15 and found; harness-maker
for ranch; woodchoppers. tiemakers, etc.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
TAILOR, country- shop. $i 2 to $15 week; bar-
tender, country hotel, $20 and found; cook,
plain place, city, $30 and found; waiter, coun-
try restaurant ?2" and found; hotel cooks,
$30 and $10 and found. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
WANTED — 4 miners. $40 and board and $2 day
and board; carman for mine, $3" and board;
man about place, $20; office boy. $3 week;
choreboy, $10 and found; man for vineyard
work, $IT> to $17; blacksmith for camp. }M;
cooks, waiters and others. Apply to J. F.
CROBETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— IO laborers for small private rail-
road, $20 and board, long job; 2 farmers for
vineyard, $26; 2 farmhands, $20; 2 Swiss milk-
ers, near city, $25: young German for house-
work in private family, $15 and found; tie-
makers, woodchoppers, farmers and others.
W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
MAN cook. $:.O per month, MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
AX old man to do chores, country, $13; fare
paid. MISS. CULLEN, 325 Sutter et.
MAN, plain cooking and housework. 2 gentle-
men, country, $20 per month. MISS CUL-
LEN, 32? Sutter st .
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free emplojr-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel, Jessie 1164.
COATMAKER to take sitting room on Com-
mercial st. ; steady work guaranteed. 428
. Montgomery st.
SERVICES of man or boy half hour per day In
exchange for thorough business education.
Durham's Business College, Supreme C"t bld£.
MAN to carry a sign. Apply between 7 and 8
a. m. at 19 Fourth st.
PAINTER wanted at 3!)1 Fifth st.
GERMAN grocery clerk, middle-aged, experi-
enced, at 725 Folsom st.
STRONG boy for tailor shop at 935 Market St.,
room 16.
WANTED— Boy to work in restaurant; one
with some experience. Apply 27 Ninth st.
COAT and pants maker for country. Apply
REISS BROS., 24 Slitter st.
WANTED— A good edge tool grinder. Apply
143 Beale st.
MAN to run saloon; $35 and found; must loan
proprietor $250. 1940 Market st.
MAN to work for his board and lodging. 2759
Mission st.
CUSTOM pants maker. 635 Kearny st. Young
man in tailor shop. Box 317. Call office.
STEADY young man: painter trade: some ex-
perience. 1129 Mission m.. bet, ) and 8 a. m.
FIRST-CLASS presser on custom coats; steady;
$15 to $18 per week. 2:i!< Fifth st
YOUNG barber wanted for Wednesday. Satur-
day and Sunday. 62 San Pablo aye.. Oakland.
BOY who has worked at shoemaking on the
bench. 641 Post at.
NICE sunny sitting place for tailor: also fur-
nished room; private family. 160 Seventh st.
WANTED— To-morrow morning. 8 o'clock, at
Union Iron Works drydock. 60 ship calkers,
non-union men. at $5 per day.
WANTED -Steady man patlpfied with $12 per
week with chance of Increase; light work •
must have $75 cash. 1032 Market st., room 4.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
or ' those who have 'epally declared their m-
tentlon to become such; must be or gooa
ch"ra?ter and habits and able to speak read
and write English, and be- between i feet 4
inches and 6 feet 1 inch in I Recruiting Of-
ther information apply at the Recruiting or-
flce. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco, ■'>;. .
WANTED— Salesman and repairer for type-
writer; state experience. Address box _. Call.
TOPRXFYMEN Barbers' Union Free Emplymt.
BuiSS! MsM«ri5 # It. W. £. Brldeßhaw.^ Sec
BARBER wanted to buy shop at 427 San Pablo
aye., Oakland; mv.st be sold. __
ARCHITECTURAL draughtsman; ivtn"^^
competent for best work. Apply ISth floor.
Claus Spreckels building. ,
WANTED— Scraper drivers and laborers at
Broadway and Devlsartero st.
BARBERS, attentlon-A good paying lSc shop
2 chairs and cigar stand, on corner, owner
going East. Box A 12, Call office _j
TWO first-class ladies' tailors warited for the
country; must be rapid, good operators. Ap-
ply at STEIX. SIMON ft CO., Market and
Second sts.. San Francisco.
TO go this week— soo pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new. from 50c to $150; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission St..
bet. Ist and 2d sts.; open 5 a. m. to 9 p. m.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting 35c to
SOc. 562 M>.*ion St., between Ist and Zd sts.
YOUNG men to go to sea, good wages, at
HERMAN'S?. 26 Steuart St. _
160 MEN to take best single room, 15c night; $1
week; "France House," 149 3d St.. and Oak-
land House," Howard St.; reading-room.
WANTED— Sailors for Hawaiian Islands, Ma-
nila, Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE, Ship-
ping Agent. 604-506 Davis st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 I****
rooms; 26c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
BAILORS for Honolulu, coast, Australia and ' ',
coast at HERMAN'S. 36 Steuart st.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; ire«
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HOBSON House, 417 Kearny— from 25a
to 50c; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at 3. F.
Barber College, 138% Eighth st.
SINGLE sunny furnished room, $2 50 a month.
Llndell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— Men to learn' the barber trade;
summer rates or percentage terms. 1543 Mitt.
SINGLE rooms. 15c. 20c, 25c per night: 75c, $1
to $2 50 wk. Elcho House, 863^4 Market st.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
_____ WANTED.
COUNTRY to sell Leather Lustre: best seller
out: sample postpaid. 25c. J. Brown. 382 Push,
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER with $50 cash: balance oh time; best
paying business. 40 Ellis St.. room 19.
FURNITURE WASTED.
jTc~MUTHER, 632 Market St., pays highest
cash price for furniture, groceries, etc.
ROOMS WANTED.
TWO or three rooms for housekeeping; North
Beach. Box E. W. 16. Call.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED— Room and board by lady In San
Rafael ; state terms. 3357 Twenty-second st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
_ ;
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; privte;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, S5O Market, cor. Stocktn.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 027 Market st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $8
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
J5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Fts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
A FEW FINE BARGAINS IN UPRIGHTS.
Cramer, in good order 52 00
Seitz; a bargain 130 00
Weber; fine condition 151 CO
Kingsbury; good as new 175 00
Smith & Barnes; walnut case 190 00
Chickering: in splendid order 240 00
Six dollar monthly payments; all guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tha
customer.
A FINE high grade piano, slightly used, sacri-
ficed immediately for cash .by owner. The J.
Dewing Co., room 10, Flood building, Fourth
and Market sts.
JUST arrived— upright pianos; sold at $5;
rented at $2 50 per month. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO., 660 Hayes st.
HORNUNG'S Pianos praised by all great ar-
tists: his touch regulator the wonder of tha
day; please examine. 216 McAllister st.
R. A. DANIELS Is now with BYRON
MAUZY. 308 to 312 Post st.
PIANOS unredeemed to realize advances on
storage. Wilson Storage Rooms, 1710 Market.
SOHMER, BYRON MAUZY, and other pianos.
308 Post st.
A— UPRIGHTS. $C 9 up; Installments, $5 75 up;
rents $3 50 up (allowed on purchase). 136 Ellis.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 18
McAllister St., next Hibernla Bank.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old -nd new. H.
MT'T.T.ER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
DENTISTS.
DrTt. 8. JUGGINS' Dental Parlor*.
Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; Inferior
work done on the teeth is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold filling from $1; plate*
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
A NEW' patent— See our new . flesh-colored
plates; cannot be detected from the natural
teeth and gum: thin and strong; much su-
perior to rubber; crown and bridgework; teeth
without plates our specialty; flexible plates
from $5- crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c; all work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS. 24 Sixth St.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood b-dg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 60 up: plates, extractions, free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday. 9to 3
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students: guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH without plates a specialty; full set of
teeth $5; crowns, $3: fillings. 50c; all work
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental
Parlors. 1206 Market St., cor. Golden Gate aye.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors; guaranteed
work: lowest prices; ten operators: open
evenings and Sundays. ' Sixth and Market.
A FULL set of teeth. $5; teeth without plates a
specialty: liberal credit given. PERRY DEN-
TAL PARLORS, 8 Mason St., corner Market.
PR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. nea*
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings ft
specialty: all work reasonable; gas given.
BET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. <5?
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; painless extraction
guarntd. N. Y. Dentist. 969 Mission, cor 6th.
LOST.
LOST— Very small white dog with light yellow
spots. Return to 2026 California St.; liberal
reward.
STOLE from the San Bruno farm at half-past
9 Sunday eve., a sorrel horse with a reversi-
ble R on right hip; white saddle marks on
the back.
. .
LOST— Between Fortieth st. and Temescal,
gray shawl. Leave at MOORE'S grocery
.re. Oakland : reward
;
FOUND.
FOUND— A lady's gold watch on Geary st. In-
quire Hackmeler Hotel. Eddy st.
SEWING MACHINES.
|2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought. «old. exchanged, rented; re-
, pairing at lowest rates. 206 Fourth at.nUSIXESS CHANGES.
A f~B2° j BRANCH i bakery * and S coffee 1 parlor.
"itn 4 living rooms; rent ?3J 50; average daily
vKtEJS $15: cnf >^' (>s t location on Sutler st.
hb • 6 Ma rket st.. room 6.
A-?.Vt> RESTAURANT: sbest5 best 5 business location
k in this city: rent $25; established jvar*; aver-
age tinlly receipts J25; good prices; best class
■.i:!-tu:i;, ;.;. i>. q WILKE, I'Oii Market ;Bt.*a'g
A-?4.",n; DELICATESSEN store and branch
bakery on Larkin r-t. : dolngja splendid pay-
ing business; rooms; rent low: owners bought
country hotel. '1. (.;. WILKE, 906 Market; st.
A- $4000: MECHANICS' j? hotel, close to iron
foundries and factories; kept by owner the
last C years; clearing above $300 per month;
47 rooms; kitchen; good .paying bar. etc.!
new :• years' lease; always 200 or mure steady
boarders: investigate at once: a 'irket.
Ealn. Call R. G. WILKE. rm. J. Pi* Market,'
A— s2so; BRANCH i bakery. «!th " nice living
rooms; choicest location in she Mission; rent
low. Inquire R. G. WILKE. rm.-.5. 806 Market,
A-fllOO; SAL< >O>T7n"western Addition: ele-
gant fixutres: club an.l ladies' rooms; side en-
trance; doing a ftrst-claca paying business;
_rent. $23. Call WILKE. 906 Market st. .
A— s4oo; CARPET cleaning and upholstering
business in lively city 30 miles from San
Francisco; clearing about $100 per month; a
l'.rst-class investment. K. <J. ILIvK. room
t. f .'i'6 Market st.
A— si6. : >-v MONEY -MAKING offer; thousands of.
dollars in Eight; patent light for the U. H. on
SINGLETREE for protection of trees; every
farmer of fruit crower needs them; small
c-jft cf manufacturing. Particulars of K. G.
WILKE. 906 Market M., rciom 6.
WE buy. sell or exchange businesses of any
kind. . STRAND ft CO.. 1027' 2 Market st. .
$175 — DELICATESSEN Ftore; fine ftand; 3
rooms; cheap rent. Strand i- Co.. 102-7^ Mkt.
$350— CIGAR ar.ii variety store; 4 rooms; fur- I
nlshed; a snip. Strand & Co., 1027 Vi Market. I
J650-r-SALOON ( opposite OaKland ferry; sick- I
ness cause cf sale. Strand & Co.. 1027VJ Mkt. j
l;. ■ -I— ROAD house; includes valuable property; !
a fortune. STRAXD & CO.. 1027V2 Market st.
;:.'(■"— PLANING mill; best paying on the coa-st;
V ' ; ' : lue - HTKAXD & co -. 10 -~ 1 it Market Bt.
t.: PARTNER warned in old-established busi-
ness; will clear %'b month to each; no experi-
ence necessary. STRAND. nyJ7' 2 Market st.
i'.-f SAL' ON; 2 rooms; rent $15; pays well.
S.RAND & CO.. 102:4 Market St.. above 6th.
SS.V-- fiYSTKR and chop house; vicinity M- -
sion and Sixth; business of $15 dally. Call to-
.'.ay. RAND & CO., 917 Market st.
.' -'i.V account of d t eath of owner; corner
c : eery nnd bar; 3 llvir.g rooms; bar trade $10
daily. RAND & CO., 917 Market St.
KICSTAURANT; must sell to-day: no offer re-
:■:.-!. COWING & CO.. ??:, Market Ft.
;4 ..-SALOON: a bargain; at once. .COWING
A: CO.. 9&5 Market St.
$1000— 24-ROOM lodging-house; central location;
will Rive trial. (OWING & CO., 9'j'j Market.
CALL and sco our list of hotels, saloons, gro-
ceries, a fine-paylr.g bakery, all established ;
ranches, country Ir.ervllandi.se stores, station-
ery stores, cigar stands for sale and exchange;
parties wishing to make quick sales will call
at rur oinoe. EITEL & CO.. 1016 Market Bt.
LADY with KOO to buy. Intervst and manage
novel se.ai-i'le amusement proposition; grand '
* utlng for entire summer; experience not neo-
essary; no trfflers. Nat. Agency. 7 Grant aye.
{4.«>-PARTNER in mechanical business; *is to
S2O a week; r.r> experience required; must be
reliable. Western Invest'mt Co., 9 G^ary Et.
FOR sale or rent— An old-established brewery
:n prosperous country town; complete outfit
for business. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Mkt.
A— TO buy or sell your business <iuick for
cash apply to MOON & CO., lOCS'™ Market st.
PARTNER is wanted in a newly established
saloon business in a good locality, and who
!s familiar with th<» handling of mines. Apply
■ ' .:. ':- •■
V MANUFACTURING plant running and pay-
~ :r.e: consume article; splendid chance for 2
lively young men; good reasons for Belling.
H..x"47. Call office.
WANTED— Fmall business, suitable for a lady;
must be cheap. Address box 1, Call office.
"SVANTED-^Oood honest partner with fl&O in re-
liable business. 995 Market St., room 7.
WANTED— By .1 lady, a small business or half
interest in fame. Address box 1, Call.
$75— RESTAURANT; rent $30; choice location;
r.-.uft he sold to-day. £27 Mission ft.
SALOON fr.r sale; in good location. Inquire at
636 Third st.
AN old estab. tailoring business; machines, 650
yds. clnth, trimmings, etc.; doing $500 per
nio. going to Europe. John Redley. 340 Third.
RESTAURANT for sale and in food location,
and a r.ig ranch. Call at 59S O'Farrell st.
FOR Fale— A candy, notion and delicatessen
More. 11X4 Polk st.
_
FIRST-CLASS 15c and 2".c 4-chalr barber shop;
fh»ap; sickness. Inquire Call office.
FTORE fixtures, showcases to .let; suitable
candy; reasonable to business parties. 2543
Folßom st.
$:rCO— GOOD paying saloon within a block of
Call building. Box A-29, Call office.'
FOR sale— Grocery and saloon at 967 Howard
Et., near s-lxth; 3 rooms in rear.
A— s3ooo TO 15000; partner wanted: chance of a
lifetime; business located center city; estab-
lished 12 years: a good chance for steady man.
Call at $i 0 Market St., room S. opp. Fourth St.
PAYING restaurant for sale cheap; low rent.
Apply MR?. GREER. 1941 Market st.
PARTNER— Reliable man with small capital
w for well paying business; trial. 41 Third st.,
\ room 5.
FA LOON for sale In good location. Inquire at
636 Third st^
ROUTE on this paper for sale. Apply this
office.
FCR Fale on account of sickness, florist and
r.'jrsery rtock. greenhouse and heating ap- >
paratus, doing business of $15 to $25 a day. or
will exchange for real estate across the bay.
A;p!> 500 Halght ft
COFFEE »n<\ tea rc;i:te« supplied from GEU.
V. - . CASWF.LL & CO '3. 415 Sacramento «t.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— l6-ROOM house; new furniture and carpets;
cost $1300; price $65". DECKER, 1020 Market.
2J-ROOM bay-window house, elegant furniture,
hair-topped mattresses; north of Market, near
the -Emporium; clears $150; must be sold.
DECKER, 1020 Market Ft.
82-ROOM HOT'PE FOR OAKLAND,
ALA.MKD.V OR CITY PROPERTY.
1 4 rooms; on O'Farrell st $3;.0
;7-rr><-rn house; large yard; downtown 400
15 rooms; clears Jl"0; only 300
12 rooms: exchange for larger house 600
14-rr.om house on Van Ness 350
64-room house; clear? $3^; payments 3000
21-room house on Van Ness aye 1500
."4-rnrm house; clears $300 1600
17 rooms; on Hixth *t 4M
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE call
en H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st., opp. sth. |
A-KREPO & CO zr ■■ Geary st
Money Advanced on All Houses.
$250— Elegantly furnished fiat; centrally locat- '
ed; 2 rO'-ms pay rent.
J4ooo— llo rooms; cheap rent; clears $3000
yearly.
$3«^-10 rooms: best location; easily worth
K ri o: don't miss it.
$1300 — 45 rooms; corner Kearny; bargain.
$450—10 room;?; N. of Market: special bargain.
$2500 Tr W-room hotel: clears $250 month.
$ISOO— TS rr.oms; b;st transient; Market St.
Fcr Isr.g list of bargain call on KKEDO &
*. co - :
, ==
A— KREDO & Co 22' i Geary st.
Money advanced on All Houses.
$280— Elegantly furnished flat; centrally lo-
cated: 2 rooinp pay rent.
$4000—110 r'K.ms; cheap rent: ■■■- -i -■ $3000.
$1300—45 rooms; corner Kearny; bargain.
$600— 53 rooms; near Market; special bargain.
$2500— 50-room hotel: clears $2."0 month.
Long list of bargains. REDO &. CO.
$300—25 ROOMS; alway* occupied; furniture
«ood order: compulsory sale; returning to
France. 231H Bush st.
S-ROOM house; furniture In good order; will
fell reasonable. 27G Mlnra s.t.
RXITI RE 1 oil SALE. .
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S 50 with No
7 range. King Furniture Cn.. 1127-1131 Market!
CARPET CLEAJtINO.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Worku— rip a n«
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS " M"'r '
28 and 40 KlKhth st.: telephone South 250. '
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
jend to FPAULDING'S Pioneer Ca7pet-
btatlng- Works. 353-357 Tehama Et.: tel S 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Buttßr at.:
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor."
J. McQUEEN'S California Cnrpe7"cieanTng Co
45C Stevenson Ft.: tel. South 225; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3<? per yard: laid at 3c '
BTRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st. : tel. Jessie >44.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 210 14th
pt.; cleaning. 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet- beat In}; Works. C 33 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. Eabt-H6.
STORAGE.
V CALA. Ptorage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.
'V 2 Mission; gocJs guaranteed;' tel. Clay *>-,
' E RUD< iLI'H Storage and Moving fCo
Office. 401 Poit it., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5711.
PIERi E & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
lug, advance, etc 725 Market; teL Black 3U.
IT.HSO.VALS.
LEDERER, the popular hairdresser; popular
prices; 25c; good switches, $1; fine, $2 5": lcng-
e±t hair rolls, 3r.e: Qulntonk-a. the infallible
h.iir tonic, 35c bottle. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER' S : AMI i SHAMPOO, the best in
the market, 00. package; try it; see fine win-
dow exhibit this week. 123 Stockton st.
VITAL ORE REMEDIES— A cure for every
one, for all complaints; price Vital Ore, $1;
Vital Ore Pills. 25c; Vital Ore Oline. ld^: send
me your address and I will call or send by
mail. J. Z. FORD, 340 Third St.. S. -'. Cal.
DR. MAUD] IKMAN, electric physician, 1104
Market St., the YenUcme. room 48.
JOHN L. ONE, Patent. Trademark
Attorney nt Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Law a Specialty.
Pan Francisco, CaL American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
PRIVATE sanitarium— Surgical and' medical
cases taken charge of for physicians, sur-
geons and private Individuals. 204 San Jose
aye., near Twenty-fourth st. Tel. White 4SI.
IN divorce matters will give full information
free: strictly confident! i Vox £31; Call.
AUGUSTA LEO] ■ 2325 Mission St.. near 20th
—Greatest fortune teller In the world: gives
luck, love and magic charms: also teaches
fortune telling; fee. $1 and upward.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market; 700 rooms;
2rc to $1 50 per nißht; $1 SO to $6 per week;
free "bus and baggage to and Front the ferry.
A— Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture. bought,
Fold; tel. Mint 537. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom Ft.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
MOB, 1117 Market st . bet. 7th arid Sth.
SBARBORO & CO., grocers, formerly of 631
Washington, have removed to 621 Montgy. St.
WANTED— OId gold and silver for manufac-
turing. O. NOLTE. Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell st.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N.Y.TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
CITY OF PARIS laundry removed from 113
Stockton Ft. to 331 Geary. DIME. JAUSSAUD.
RUPTURE, strict Ore cured: no -knife; no In-
Jertion;piirtrnM.Dr.Gordin,sl4 Pine, Kearny
FOLDING beds $To 0: bedrm pets $S; bed loung-
es J4 50: open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 6th.
BERWIN & GASSNER. furriers, formerly on
Poet st., removed to store 110 Kearny st.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER. 20 Panscme st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 1C races, sent to any address In tha
United States cr Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
"~ DRESSMAKERS.
SILK or clnth dresses made, $3 up; dresses made
over: rerfrct •■:'■• M GOLDSTEIN.
SPIRIT!
A— MRS. .1. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium.
life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings. $1. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. MESA FRANCES. independent slate
writing medium. 118 Halgl st.
MK6. ELLIS, tests to all: Tues.-Frl., 2 p. m.:
Mon.. 8; Isc: sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. EAT MANX, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an ,'•':■- at 31*. O'Farrell.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED IN SAN FRAN-
CISCO.
AT 1022% MARKET STREET.
, .
BETWEEN SIXTH AND SEVENTH.
While entranced gives aid and advice
which will overcome your enemies, remove
family troubles, tore lost affections, make
I marriage with the one you love no failure, re-
| move influence, bad habits: will give correct
I Information on lawsuits, sickness,- death, di-
vorces, absent friends, etc.
N. B.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mail. Send stamp for circular, with special
terms.
To MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
]023 : a Market street, San Francisco.
ARRIVAL EXTRAORDINARY.
GOOD NEWS FOR ALL.
MME. E. CURLEY
Has permanently located at 337 Geary St..
between Powell and Mason. Her success as a
Hum has startled the entire world Her
power Is acknowledged by press and public to
be of the highest order. She advises you to a
i certainty by a higher than human power.
I Her parlors are thronged by anxious people
I looking for important information, and every
reply Is most gratifying: all are pleased, j
Without a question she tells each cnller their
tiaras and for what they- came. She gives
advice an business, speculation, lawsuits, old
esia»e», love, courtship and marriage — every-
thing. The unfortunate and troubled should
seek her counsel and Ftart aright. Positively !
■ no attention paid to letter unless $1 accom- <
panics. 9 a. m. to 8:30 p. m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond sight; diagnoses disease; full life read-
Ing: ladies. 50c: gents. $1; sit. $1 50. 123 Turk.
MME. LENEMAR, 34 Sixth st.— Fortunes by
planets; predicted In '74 overdue etmr. Gould.
MISS ALICE FAURE, card reader and palmist.
4f5 Kearny Bt. ; room 34; French and German
speken.
MRS. SOPHIA SEIP. psychometrist and rlalr-
voyant: reading?, 50c; letters, 50c. 1724 Mrkt.
A. OLSEN, rlalrvoyant. card reader; ladie3
only. W& Eighth st.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 153V4 sth, r. 21.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader: 10c; ladies only.
543 Natoma St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 1033 Mission
ct., downstairs. .
YOUR fortune told by cards; ladles. 25c;
gents. 50c. 527-4 Post st.
MISS L. DEAN, card reader and palmist. 719
Market St.. room 2.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 55c up. 5 Fourth st.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist.
216 Seamy st., rooms 9 and 10.
MME. HAYS returned; card reader and mag-
netlst. 207 Powell st., rooms 5 and 6.
RETURNED— EDNA V. GRANT, clairvoyant
and palmist. 120 Ellis st.. parlors 6 and 7.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE— Clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush st., rooms 9 and 10.
MME AUGUST, 1150 Mission St.; clairvoyant
«rd palmist: truth or no pay; 2:.-.
MME SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band'e picture. 2.'c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell «t.
PALMISTRY.
NEERGAARD, pupil Count St. Ger-
maine: 616 Geary et.. above Jones: tel. Hyde
2621: reading by mall, $1.
KFLUP US HAIR
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH. 2115 Bush
St.: 15 years' experience: references given.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; at-
faying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol.. min-
eralogy surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSINESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers, day and evening: catalogue free.
HEALD : S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
MERRILL-MILLER college; shorthand, typing;
individual instruction; new typewriters; book-
keeping; rapidity at figures by noted expert
Mr. Tarr: day. eve. Rms. 572-6 Parrott bid*.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.;
shorthand typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship. English branches, etc.: life
scholarship. $50: low rates per week and mo.
! ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: sunny rooms; low rates; day.
evening SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE, 1236 Market at.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing mech. survey, assay, arch!.; day & eve.;
St 55! VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
•'EXPANSION the order of the age." Dur-
ham's Business Collece. Supreme Court
building. opposite City Hall. '
NEVER too late to get good teacher. Prof. L.
Merkl. violin, mandolin, guitar. 100S Mission.
LAW Schools, 927 Market, S. F., and 906 Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
FRENCH. Spanish, etc. Prof. De Flllppe's
Academy of Languages. 320 Pest a ablest profs.
"Horses.
TWO per'ectly matched ad teams, 16 hands.
weight 2200 nntl 230f1, sood roadsters; all sev-
eral fast single horses; road cart; racing sul-
ky and harness; private stable. 1618 tol.«orn.
ROAD horses, carriage and draught teams; all
kinds of business horses for sale. CHASE &
MENDENHALL'S sale yard, 1732 Market Ft.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons.. buggies,
carts harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth «t. • auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FlNE^laundryT^akers'. milk wagons; 3 bug-
gies; 2 extra fine delivery wag. £28 Harrison.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
THE SAN FTtANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 19, 1899.
HOI SES TO LET.
MINNA, 521. rear, 'bet. 6th and 7th— s-room
house; rent $10 mo. Apply 1021 Mission nr. 6th.
OUR rent department goes to your home: get
printed list of houses from BALDWIN &
HOW ELL. 10 Montgomery st.
FimXISHED HOUSES TO LET.
COTTAGE, 5 rooms, bath, yard, basement.
Call 2 and 4 p. in., 2105 Folsom St., near
Twentieth.
FURNISHED house to let— Eight large sunny
rooms; modern improvements; large yard.
V] ply on premises. 685 Guerrero st.
FURNISHED house: 6 rooms and bath; sunny
corner; $25. 1706 Market st. .
FURNISHED S-room cottage; piano; large
yard; to rent whole or part. 2237 Jackson st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ELLIS, 1717—6 sunny rooms, bath; stable; large
yard; $18 per month.
FOLSOM, 2326— Cottage; 7 rooms, bath; large
yard: rent S2O.
SUNNY cottages, 5 rooms, bath, basement;
also flat, S rooms, bath; cheap. 1876 Fifteenth
st.. near Dolores. '
SUNNY 4-room cottage; small family only;
also flat. 623 Second St., near Brannan.
FLATS TO LET.
A— s&; newly painted and whitened 3-room
flats. 64S Jessie st., near Seventh.
CAPP. 1021. near Twenty-sixth— Sunny flat, 5
rooms; yard and stable; 532.
CASTRO, vs. near Seventeenth and Market—
Modern gunny double flat, 10 rooms; stable;
cheap.
ci.AY' 872. south of Frederick— Modern
sunny flat; 5 rooms; bath; cheap.
EDDY". 1307—6 rooms; bath; all modern Im-
provements; rent $22. water free.
NINTH. 237— Modern bay-window flat; 4 rooms
and bath; $15.
OUR rent depart:: goes to your borne; get
printed list of flats from BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery ft.
SUNNY flat of 4 rooms, between Harrison and
Ninth tts., $S. 315 Dore st., MRS. W.
TWENTY-THIRD. 4073. near Castro— Upper
tunny ' rooms; $15.
C 97 No? St., corner Nineteenth; upper 5
rooms- $17.
UPPER sunny flat: P26 Valencia: 7 rooms, bath;
rent $2">. Inquire dry-goods store, 930 Valencia.
$7 00— S SUNNY upper rooms; 4 closets; yard;
cellar. 1008 Natoma st., near Eleventh, rear.
$11— LOWER flat, 4 rooms; mantel; folding
doors. 710 Tehama St., near Eiehth.
527 EO— BAY-'WINDO'W flat of 8 rooms and
bath. 1627 Clay st.. near Polk.
2926 California. 7 r.s3)'3H Scott, 7 r.........53Q
SO3OU Wash, 6 r..32 50;16H9 Turk, 6 r 17
707 Stockton 6 r... 26 1636 Page, 9 r 15
244 Frederick, 6 r.. 2. CO7 Hickory, 6 r ... 15
f<42 Fell, <5 r . 19' 72^ Monty ay., 6 r.. 14.
532 Fell, 3 r 13 523 Linden ay.. 4 r.. 10
A. M. SPECK A CO.. 867 Market st.
ROOMS FOR 'HOUSEKEEPING.
A SUITE of 2 large nice sunny front rooms,
complete for housekeeping: kitchen and be I-
room: furniture all new; $2 per week, $S per
month: no children. Apply at shoe store, oO'J
Mission Ft., between First and Second sts.
AT 20 NINTH St.. near Market— 2 sunny con-
necting rooms; $10; stove, water, gas: single.
EDDY', 917— Fine sunny housekeeping rooms;
splendid location; large garden; no children.
ELLIS, 525— 2 nicely furnished sunny rooms for
housekeeping; gas, bath, running water.
FIRST. 2S — 3 front furnished rooms, suitable
for housekeeping, $12 mo.; 2 unfurnished. $6.
FOLSOM, 756— Furnished housekeeping rooms;
also others: with use of kitchen; cheap.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 311— J10; large sunny
room, light housekeeping: bath and gas; rets.
GROVE, 104, cor. Polk— Several neatly furnshd.
hkpg. rms renovated: Incandescent lights.
GROVE, 202, cor. Van Ness ave.— TTnfurnlshed i
tunny 3-room suites: with gas range.
HOWARD, 1144— Furnished or unfur. sunny
rooms, kitchen, gas, bath, hot and cold water.
MARKET, 102S— Largo sunny front room and
kitchen; folding bed, closet; Ji2.
' MINNA, HIS- Furnished bay-window house-
I keeping- sulto with piano, $2 50 per week,
I MINNA. 546. near Sixth— Furnished rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; large yard; Mission
; and Howard cars.
Miss' 11254— Front room; kitchen, good
stove, $10; large front room, good stove, $S.
MISSION, 1430— Nice large sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms: rent reasonable.
MISSION. 1435B— Newly furnished rooms, with
exclusive kitchen. $!". ; use of parlor.
POST, 732— Furnished rooms; housekeeping, pri-
vate residence; references. Call bet. 1! and 2.
POWELL. 418— Unfurnished or partly furnish-
ed housekeeping rooms.
SEVENTH. 262— Sunny housekeeping rooms;
! large yard.
SEVENTH, 191— Large bay-window rooms for
housekeeping; also connecting rooms; reason-
able.
SIXTH, 420 Furnished housekeeping rooms;
also parlor suite; . bath; quiet house.
STOCKTON. 711— Sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; reasonable.
TAYLOR, 10S— Nicely furnished sunny house-
keeping room; also front.
, TEHAMA, 448 2 sunny connecting rooms; suit-
able for housekeeping.
THIRD, SO9-I-2 large rooms complete for house-
keeping; also other rooms. V . :
TURK, near Larkln— 3 punny housekeeping
room complete. $15; also handsomely fur-
nlshr.d parlor suite, with use of kitchen and
dining room, $2."i. Inquire 22V2 Geary, rm. 23.
ROOMS- TO LET.
AT SIOA Geary st., near Hyde— Front suite,
EUltable for visitors from the East; prettily
furnished, including piano; dressing room;
hot water; pas; private bath: electric bells; I
telephone; servants; board optional; $35 mo.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny Bt.— Pleasant
gunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
I AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor Ets:—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms, 50c to $150 day. MRS. J. KING.
A— THE WALDORF. 24 Fifth st.— New; sunny
corner; central location; elegant rooms.
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
single; facing plaza: day or month.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)-Fur-
nished rooms, suites, single ; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 421, nr. Kearny— Several choice rooms,
with gas and stationary ishstand; $1 up.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Afaaon— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY', 3. corner Powell— Furnished front room;
$1 ."0 per week. • ,
EDDY. 114— Nicely furnished Bunny front
rooms; reasonable.
EDDY, 207 — Nice sunny front rooms, with run-
ning water and gas; $2 up; quiet house.
ELLIS, -Rosedale House — Rooms rented by
day. week or month at cut rate prices; cheap-
er and better than any house In the city.
ELLIS, 595 — 2 newly furnished rooms and
bath, $25; also 1 large front room. $15.
GEARY, 556, near Taylor— Handsomely fur-
nished sunny parlor: piano; phone; other
rooms; privilege light housekeeping.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
•Ingle; elevator: moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. in Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HARRIET, 3, off Howard, near Sixth— Nice
sunny furnished bedroom; private family.
HOTEL Grosvenor, 819 Sutter— Opened, under
new management Apr 1; elegant sunny suites,
single rooms; most central part city; elevator.
HOWARD and Eleventh, southwest corner-
Pleasant front room for single gentlemen;
rent reasonable. -
HOWARD,' 10J2— Furnished front bay?window
room; also 2 others 'urn. for light tikpg.
HOWARD. 1072— Three sunny rooms In the
rear; $6. _^
HOWARD. 1129— Clean, quiet, sunny front
rooms, $1 up; private family.
KEARNY, 209, 323— Newly furn. sunny rooms
from $1 50 up; also light hkpg rms.; transient.
MARKET, IOQ7H — Nicely furnished single
rooms; lady or gent; quiet bouse transient. •
MINNA. 667, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 14358- Unfurnished sunny back
room; $4. • _
MISSION, 1514— Sunny single front«room; pri-
vate family; $5 -per month.
MISSION. 2045— Front bay-window room finely
furnished, on Mission st. near Sixteenth;
suitable for a gentleman or 2 ladles; board
If desired.
NEW] RT^ Franklin. 21— Bay-windows and
; other sunny rooms; $1 per week up.
OAK. US Large furnished front rooms for
i couple; gas and bath; private family.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms;' ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
ROOMS. TO LET— Contiuned. .
ROYAL Ilo!i=-. 12G Ellis Bt.— lncandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and
ladies" parlor; room per night. 35c to $1 50:
week. $2 to $S: month, }S to $30; elevator on
office floor: rooms with hot, cold wat.; baths.
SECOND, ©2A— Nicely furnished, front suite;
suitable for light housekeeping; reasonable.
SEVENTH, Sunny furnished single rooms
and suites; also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
THIRD, 2." nr. Market— Sunniest rooms In San
Fran.; white lights; extra good beds; cheap.
TURK. 124— Nice Bunny front furnished room,
$7: private family.
TURK, 543—2 single rooms; gas, bath; $1 and
$1 50 per week. • ' -
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
: < >Rn7a?~l7liT near Van Ness— Pleasant
Bunny room; private family; references.
FIRST, 416— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 a' week up: elegant parlor suite.
NICELY furnished rooms suitable for man and
wife or two gentlemen. 210 Grove St., near
Van Ness aye.
O'FARRELL. 741— Pleasant rooms; excellent
board; $2l' up; special rates to table boarders.
POWELL. 309. (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished
ninny front «-uite; bath; excellent board.
SOUTH PARK, 159— Furnished sunny rooms;
very reasonable; private family; board opt'l.
BUTTER, 112S Lovely home; sunny rooms;
overlooking garden; home cooking.
RESTAURANTS.
LOMBARD!'? French dinner, Esc; 10 a. m. to 8
p. m. 43 Stockton (old No. 25), nr. O'Farrell.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parlor. 1035 Market.: popular prices.
CHILDRE:: BOARDED.
GOOD home for small child; good care. Box
7431, Call office, Oakland.
GOOD home for little girl bpst of care. $:<: pri-
vate family. 834 ; Valencia St., near 20th.
GOOD home- for children, $S: infants, $10 per
mo. 210 Lexington rive., near Nineteenth st.
STORES TO !-»;T.
FINE store; counter; shelves; 3 living rooms;
yard; rent $10. 1522 Howard st.. near 16th
OFFICES TO LET.
POWELL, — Elegantly appointed rooms for
offices and other purposes, at very reason-
able rates: also furnished apartments.
WAREHOUSES TO LET.
BRICK warehouses to let; near Santa Fa rail-
road yard; complete for storage or factory;
226 Main st. and 223 Fremont st. ; also ware-
house, Battery st., between Jackson and Pa-
cific. For rents and particulars apply COF-
FEY. HUGHES & CO.. 19 Montgomery st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
DANG SIGNALS™"
FOR WEAK EYES AND FAILING SIGHT.
ANY SENSATION OF PAIN
IS A WARNING!
Each examination and correction made by
GEO. MAYERLE is duly recorded. GEO.
MAYERLB, German Expert Optician. Charter
Member American Association of Opticians,
1071*4 Market st . Ban Francisco; open evngs.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find In
her a true friend: a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home; consultation free and con-
fidential; home treatment, $5; no Instruments
used: satisfaction guaranteed or money re-
funded, by MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy St..
bet. Hyde and I. firkin. office hours. 10 to 12, 2
to 4 and 7 to $. Sundays by appointment only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly ail
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home ths
same day; no instruments used; cure at office,
$5; home In confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, Before going else-
where. MRS DR. WYETH, 942 Post bt.. bet.
Hyde and Larkln; hours. 10 to 5 and 7 to 3
p. m. • Sunday; 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
FRENCH TANSY WAFERS, the world's fa-
mous remedy for irregular and painful periods
of ladies; are never failing and safe; rejuv-
enate the system; brighten the eyes; restore
health and beauty to the faded; French Tansy
Wafers are the only reliable female remedy In
the world; Imported from Paris: take nothing
else from druggists, but insist on the genuine;
in red wrappers with crown trade mark.
GEO DAHLBENDER A CO., druggists, 214
Kearny st. H. L. LADD <& CO., druggists,
northwest cor. Fourth and Howard sts.,
agents, San Francisco.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all' Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or Irregularity ; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; nD de-
lay: self-cure tent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market st.;
pills, $1: very strong. $2.
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how long standing ;
every woman her own physician; can be sent
rafe and sure; no medicines or instruments
used; consultation free: traveling parties
helped instantly and safe treatment guaran-
teed; cure. $5; by the well-known specialists
and ladles' physician? for 37 years; see us.
DR. POPPER and DRS., 31S Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
eases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no Instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, $5: travelers helped In-
stantly: consultation free and confidential;
home for patients; comfort and privacy
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St.. between
Mason and Taylor; hours, 9 to 5, 7 to 8 p. m.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell hai
treated successfully more cases of irregulari-
ties than any other physician: never falls to
cure: consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write. 10234 Market st.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions-
ladles near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well known, reliable, safe and sure; cure In
S4 hours guaranteed; any time: maternity
home; best medical attendance: pills, $1; cure
15. 1262 Market, bet. 7th-Sth: tel. Howard 424.
DP. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.— Private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attention: terms mod-
erate: regular physician in attendance; con-
sultation free; Infants adopted Into good
homes; call before consulting others.
DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor: Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium. 764-766 Clay st., San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs; aver 3000 varieties being uned:
advice free; hours 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to S and
7 to 9 p. m.
ALL married ladles know "'Se^uro," the great-
eft boon to them. Richards & Co., 406 Clay
St.; $160. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Sb-
guro Mfg. Co.. 531 X et.. Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
PRIVATE home In confinement; best rets.;
1540% Howard; Mrs. M. Wtedemann. midwife.
DR. arid Mrs. Wise, 1118 Market St.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back; $5 up.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the. human body. 115 Mason st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents Th» Weekly Call.
36 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
ASHMAN & BURKE. 13!) Beale st.-For sale, 1
band saw, 1 12-inph Pony planer, 1 2i£ horse-
power gas engine. 1 hydraulic pump (3 plun-
gers, high pressure), boilers, engines, -pumps,
.second hand. »
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOBH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
CAMERAS— Line of new Premos, Pocos, etc.
(drummers' sample) to dispose of at -once •
will sell below cost. 513. Examiner building.
'STORE fixtures for bakery and coffee parlor.
Call at grocery, cor. Ellis and Webster sts.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture. store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand.
J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission st
above Sixth. i t
FINE fast 22-foot gasoline launch; cheap. Ap-
ply nt Harbor View Park.
BARGAIN— H. P. Golden Gate gal engine,
almost new. Bee EPSTEIN, 048 Mission st.
ONE 15 H. P. gasoline engine In fine condition;
Cheap. H. S. WHITE. 614-516-518 Mission st.
BOILERS, engines, second-hand' machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE. 139 Bealj st. •
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
DOMESTIC sewing machine; good condition:
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission St.. near 15th.
PULLEYS covered by pat. leather prevent sllp-
I age; saves power. Cal. Belt Co.. 619 Mission.
SAFES— AII size* new and second hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento st.
GASOLINE engines — 1 horsepower $100 2 $123
3, $150; 4. $175. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission st.
POLYPHONE. $35: attachment (only), $16: will
fit phono or graphophone. Bacigalupl, 933 Mkt.
FES— Bargains In new and second hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
■ CITY REAL ESTATE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
PAYS OVER 17 PER CENT.
$2800— Clementina St.. near Fourth; 2 2-story
houses; store and flats; rent $.39; mortgage of
$2100 can remain. \r.. :
BUSINESS CORNER.
$3600— Church and Clipper sts.; 2-story build-
ing; store and flats; lot 30x100.
14550— 124 Beulah St., close to Golden Gate
Park, between Waller and Frederick; lot 25x
137:6, with brand-new 2-story bay-window resi-
dence of 8 rooms and bath, etc.: finished base-
ment; street accepted; open Sunday.
GREAT BARGAIN.
$2300— Handsome new bay-window cottage, • 6
rooms, bath, etc.; lot 25x120; Fourteenth aye.,
near Clement st. ; facing proposed drive con-
necting the park with the Presidio.
$9000— Clay St., near Battery; 2-story brick
building; store and 2 floors above; cement base-
ment; rent $.70.
$900— $100 cash, balance in monthly install-
ments; new cottage of 4 rooms and basement;
Butler St., near Cortland aye.
Corner on Clay st., near Mason; 3-story
building; store and 20 rooms above; lot 25x70;
under lease. •
$300 CASH, BALANCE $23 MONTHLY.
$2500— Nice 2-story bay-window house on Clip-
per St., near Castro; contains 7 rooms and bath;
foreclosure sale.
$1700— Hartford St.. near Eighteenth; cottage
of 4 rooms, bath, etc.; brick foundation; lot
24 7x12.'..
$2750— $500 cash, balance monthly; close to the
corner of Nineteenth and Valencia Bts. ; 2-story
house of 6 rooms; lot 25x75.
$4100— Rent $57; Clementina St.; lot 50x75: 3
2-story buildings, one of -brick, the other Is a
frame building; biggest kind of a bargain.
$4000— 5500 ash, balance same as rent— Do-
lores-st. corner, new residence of 7 rooms and
bath; handsomely decorated; modern plumbing,
etc.; lot 33x90; corner 52x65 vacant; should be
improved with stores and flats.
$6500—1315 Mas St., near Jackson; lot 35x
137:6, with 3-story residence of 12 rooms and
bath; also rear house of 5 rooms; stable for 6
horses.
$8750— Rent $87; Folsom-st. -corner: 5 tene-
ments; lot 25x112:6; a splendid interest-paying
property.
$7250—2 fine handsome new flats of 6 and 7
rooms and bath: best portion of Devisadero st. ;
rent $62 50; lot 25x1C0.
$500 CASH, BALANCE SAME AS RENT.
$5000 — Fine new . residence, 8 rooms; hard-
wood floors; beautifully decorated rooms;
latest plumbing; street work accepted; 787 Cole
St.. near Frederick; no reasonable offer refused.
Seventh-st. corner, near Folsom; lot
16x80; ground rent (20.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
COTTAGE in Mill Valley; $3250; easy terms, or
will exchange for i>;in Francisco property; in
■ best portion of Mill Valley, near station; ex-
tra large corner lot, with good cottage of 6
rooms, bath, etc. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery Bt. j ■-.
PARK LOTS] '. 1
PARK LOTS.
PARK LOTS.
$25 CASH, $5 MONTHLY.
Come out to our bran office Sunday and
see the large number of people there buying
lots. Most successful sale in years; cheapest
lots offered in years; grand views; splendid cli-
mate; no drifting sand.
PRICES— I2OO, $250 AND $275.
TERMS— S2S CASH, $5 MONTHLY.
Lots on Eighth. Ninth, Tenth and Eleventh
ayes., near Golden Gate Park; large amount of
Street work now belnc done and many new
homes being erected; take Haiglu or Ellis st.
ears, transfer to electric road junnlne to Cliff
House, get off at H st. and Ninth aye. Our
branch office Is on the corner; maps, price lists,
etc., there. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
' i 0 Montgomery st.
CHEAP LOTS— CHEAP LOTS.
$4250— Presidio Heights bargain; 100 feet front-
age, running back to Presidio fence; on Jack-
son St., near Cherry; magnificent view.
Another bargain; First aye., near Jack-
son st.; large lot. 80x120; fine elevated position,
commanding a superb view.
$1000— $50 cash balance $10 monthly; Third
aye., between California and Clement sts. ;
large lots; splendid ' neighborhood; you can
build when first payment is made.
i $2200— Folsom Ft., between Twenty-fourth and
Twenty-fifth; (122:6; street bitumenized;
stone sidewalk; splendid surroundings.
$2000 — Maybs less; Howard St., between Twen-
ty-fifth and Twenty-sixth; 25x6x117:6 to alley.
$250— 525 cash, $5 monthly; Twenty-sixth aye.,
near Clement st.; Sutro cars on Clement st. ;
nice level lot.
$1475— 0n1y three left; Frederick st.. between
Cole. and Shrader; sunny side of street: cheap-
est lots in Panhandle District; 1 block from the
park.
$.sooo— Sacramento St., between Laguna and
Buchanan; 40x137:6; select neighborhood.
$4750 — Fine corner close to town; Pace and
Laguna Fts.; 35x57:6; suitable for flats; all
street work done.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
j 10 Montgomery st.
A GRAND CORNER
COLONIAL RESIDENCE.
COR. OAK AND LYON STS.
FACING GOLDEN GATE PARK. . - .
Hardwood finish, 2 baths, 5 mantels, grand
decorations, furnace and all modern con-
veniences; just being completed; price and
terms to suit: open for inspection. DAN
EINSTEIN, Owner and Builder. 13 Mont-
gomery st.
$100 CASH, $25 mo.; $1900-52400; 4-5 rm. cottages;
Vi block from cars. 824 Elizabeth, or USA 11th.
IF you have lots that you wish to sell north
of the park, from First aye. to the ocean, then
call on W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery st.
HOUSE and lot with 2 fiats; 70« Birch aye., bet.
Webster and Buchanan; $500 down, balance
same as rent. Apply W. WOLF. 403 Ellis st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other jrood security; payable
back In installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and can-)' the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and. publicity; see us
first: you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg, 1170 Market.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without,
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth;- telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on. real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery; rm. .8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rites. Baldwin. Jewelry
Store, 846 Market st. ; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal: low rates: confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell St.
IF requiring money ascertain our rates; circu-
lar mailed to address. Gould, 131 Montgomery.
STRAIGHT tip; go where you can save in-
terest. Cut Rate Loan Office, 22 Mason st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission, private. LICK. 118 McAllister st."
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
LEGAL NOTICES] ~~~
NOTICE.
To All Whom It May Concern— Notice is
' hereby given that on the 17th day of April,
1599, the Bakersfleld and Los Angeles Rail-
way Company filed its application in writing.
In the office of the Clerk of the Superior
Court of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, addrepsed to the Superior Court of said
county, making application for the voluntary
dissolution of the Bakersfield and Los An-
geles Railway Company, which said petition
and application stated that at a meeting of
the stockholders of said company on the 13th
day of April, 1899, called for the purpose of
passing upon the question, It was resolved to
have a voluntary dissolution of the corpora-
tion, and that such resolution was passed by
a two-thirds vote of all the stockholders, and
that all the claims and demands against the
corporation, of every kind, nature and descrip-
tion, have been fully paid and discharged.
Wherefore, it was ordered by the said Su-
perior-Court upon the llling of said petition
and application that the undersigned, as
Clerk of said Court, give a notice of such ap-
plication by publication in some newspaper
published in the City and County of San
Francisco, for a period of thirty-five days.
Therefore, all persons having any interest in
the matter of said application or desiring to
oppose the granting of the same are here-
by notified to file In my office, on or before
th.-> 22d day of May, 1899. any and all objec-
tions which they may have to the granting of
said petition.
In testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my
hand and the official seal of said court this
the 17th day of April. 1599.
(Seal). WILLIAM A. DEANE,
County Clerk and ex-Offlcio Clerk of the
Superior Court. .-;', •.-...
By E. M. THOMPSON.
Deputy County Clerk and ex-Offlcio Deputy
Clerk of the Superior Court.
■ CITY and County Treasury, San Francisco,
April 14. 1899 — In compliance with the pro-
visions of section 5 of order 159S of the Board
cf Supervisors, approved September 15, ISSO,
also in accordance with an act of the State
Legislature, approved March 16, 1572, there
will be sold at public auction by E. S. Spear
& Co., at their salerooms, 31 and 33 Sutter
St., on MONDAY, May 15, 1899, at 10 o'clock
I a. m., sundry articles of stolen, lost and un-
claimed property recovered by the police force
of San Francisco, as detailed In an inventory
thereof on file in the office of the Clerk of
the Board of Supervisors, and consisting of
jewelry, wearing apparel, pistols, ■ knlve3,
etc.; also a lot Of trunks, valises, clothing,
etc., property of deceased persons received
from the Coroner nt this city and county.
Open for inspection on morning of sale.
I. J. TRUMAN. Cltv find County Treasurer.
' PHYSICIANS. ' "
DR. C C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
j Ml., Market St.. bet. 6th and 7U.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.
PINE-ST. RESIDENCE.
$B,ooo— Elegant residence of 12 rooms and bath j
and stable: Al condition; street bitu- |
mlnlzed; cement sidewalk: bank mort-
gage of $5000, can remain: lot 42x137:8.
$7,soo— Substantial well-built house of 9 room 3
and bath; also stable in rear: street
bitumenized; cement sidewalk: Califor-
nia and Fillmore street cars; 2 lots, 25s
137:6 each. . '
INVESTMENT IN OUTSIDE LAND.
Offer wanted on outside land block;
few blocks from ocean boulevard; must
be sold.
BARGAIN. V- :
$6.000— On north side of Golden Gate aye.: 2
stores and cottage; rents $50 per month;
large lot, 43:6x137:6 to rear street.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS CORNER RESIDENCE.
$15,000— Elegant mc-dern residence, built Colo-
nial style; commands an unsurpassed
view of bay and Mount Tamalpals: in-
terior of bouse finished in hardwood;
beautiful mantels; gas and electricity
throughout the house; large corner lot;
. 37:6x100.
A SNAP.
$3,500— A fine pair of flats: sunny side of j
street; half a block north of Market st. ; j
street bitumenized: land alone worth
more than price asked; rents $32 per
month.
SANCHEZ-ST. FLATS.
$3,000—2 flats of 5 and 4 rooms, bath and base-
ment; all modern conveniences; almost ,
new; street work all done; lot 25x100.
MAKE AN OFFER.
A fine block of lots on San Bruno I
• road; must be sold.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
Will pell for debts and expenses a
well-built cottage In one of the best
parts of the Mission, near Twentieth
and Valencia sts.; at a small expense
can be made into flats.
. McALLISTER-ST. FLATS.
$4720— 3 elegant flats of 6. 5, 5 rooms: rents $44:
street bitumenized; near Park Panhan-
dle; 25x137:6.
TEHAMA-ST. INVESTMENT.
$2,000-2 blocks from Third and Market sts.;
4 flats, rented low at $32 per month; will
take lot in part payment.
INVESTMENT IN FLATS.
$2,600— Rents $336 per annum; 4 fine flats of 4
rooms each; separate basement; street
bitumenized; cement Bide wait; lot 26
xIOO. ■
MISSION COTTAGES.
$2,sCO— Nice cottage of 8 rooms; finished base-
ment; on Alabama st. : choice location;
cash above mortgage $1000; lot 25x100.
We hold our regular auction sales
every two weeks. For further particu-
lars apply to
BASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
63S Market st. ■
NEW MODERN CORNER FLATS-
BIG BARGAINS.
PRICE $4800.
RENTS (640 PER YEAR.
Flats contain 5 and 8 rooms each, with every
known .modern convenience contained in a
new building; street bituminlzed; terms to
suit purchaser. Apply to F. NELSON, corner
Twentieth and Castro sts.
COIN TRY REAL STATE.
160- ACRE homestead near city; plenty water
and wood: cheap. Box A 8, Call.
DAIRY farm on shares; cows, horses and pigs,
chickens.- orchard; all utensils; good chance
for a responsible man and wife: no capital
required. Apply in person to R. E. ROW-
LAND. Orinda Park, back of Berkeley.
NEW rich land near city; small and larg^
' tracts; 2150 acres sola to 120 families: 7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised in dry season of 1597-9S address THE
COTATI CO.. 302 California St.. S. F.
$5 TO $30 an acre; list free; crops sure. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwcod. Shasta County. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
WILLIAM jTdINGEe!
OAKLAND. ALAMEDA AND BERKELEY
HEAL ESTATE.
San Francisco office, rooms 15 and 16, Mills
building, second floor.
OAKLAND OFFICE— EIGHTH
AND BROADWAY.
$35,000— 0n Thirteenth St., near Washington:
60 feet frontage; 3-story brick; income $200 per
month now; value increasing; sure and grow-
ing income.
$10,000— A Clay st. corner; right on line of
improvement; sure to be in the heart of Oak-
land's business center; 40x100.
$10.000— Fine income property; rents $90 per
month; 75x75; a corner; 4 buildings; good loca-
tion for business; will always rent; owner will
exchange 2 . balance cash or mortgage.
$140,000— Broadway business block; 100x150; on
prominent corner; Income $SS6 per month;
steady tenants; 3-story building in perfect con-
dition; % cash or mortgage at 6% per cent, bal-
ance In Al grain or sugar beet land; best busi-
ness corner In Oakland.
$2500 — A desirable cottage home near narrow
gauge local to San Francisco; 6 rooms and bath;
in fine order; lot 30x100; former price $3250;
must sell.
$40 per front foot— ln Boulevard Terrace, near
Lake Merrltt; surrounded by the very, best
homes; on bituminized street; 200 feet frontage
in subdivisions to suit; cost present owner $S0
per foot.
$3000— Modern 2-story house; corner lot; near
local station; to exchange for other property;
will pay from $2000 to $3000 difference.
$7000 — 15 acres fine rolling land, near Hay-
wards, Alameda County; 9 acres in fruit; 4000
grape vines; new modern house eight rooms;
first-class barn and outbuildings; 1 mile from
postoffice; a beautiful place.
$10,000 — 6 acres; fine large house of 8 rooms;
beautiful grounds; .good outbuildings; all in
bearing fruit; elegant country home; on elec-
tric line; Haywards, Alameda County.
$10,000 — 25 acres; strictly modern house of 7
rooms; first-class barn, windmill, tank, etc.;
separate house for tenant; all in young orchard,
full bearing; very productive; horses, wagon,
farming utensils, fruit boxes, fruit driers, etc. ;
beautiful country home; 1 mile from P. O. ; fine
view; good roads; near Haywards, Alameda
County.
$6300— acres fine warm soil, 7 miles from
town: suitable for stock farm; ' 2 can lie cul-
tivated; 40 acres bottom land; well fenced and
cross fenced; 6 acres in alfalfa: can be irri-
gated; 3 large fields, 5 small fields; ranch house,
with barns, etc.; near Haywards.
$20 per acre — 1000 acres beautiful rolling land
In San Mateo County, 4 miles from Redwood
City; on ideal stock ranch..
$25,000— Livermore vineyard; 213 acres; 3 miles
from town; one of the famous producing vine-
yards of the State; $15,000 worth of other prop-
erty taken In exchange; balance on mortgage;
this place has cost over $40,000.
$2500— An offer wanted for a 10-acre orchard
at Sunol; cost $4500; will exchange and assume
mortgage. . ■
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
Rooms 15 and 16, second floor.
Mills building, San Francisco.
Corner Eighth and Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
"ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1000— LOT 50x150; with small cottage, on mac-
adamized street; near station and school.
$1600— 30x150; with 7-room cottage; near
station and High School; easy terms.
$2600— Lot 40x207; with handsome new up-
to-date cottage of 7 rooms and bath; 1 block
from school and station; $400 cash, balance
$25 per month.
$3200— Lot 43x138; fine new modern 2-story
house of 8 rooms and bath; on one of the
main avenues: near station: $iOO cash and
only $25 per month; houses built to suit pur-
chaser at $25 per month. Great snap.
Houses to let in all parts of tne city.
H. P. MOREAL & CO..
1423 Park St Alameda.
JUST A FEW LEFT BUT
.'.'■■• :;-■ ROOM FOR MANY MORE.
4, 5, 6, 7-room cottages, near schools and
stations; from $1000 to $3500; easy Installments;
just like paying rent; make an offer.
Houses built on easy terms; no reason for
not having a home.
MARCUSE & REMMEL."
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 630 Market
St., San Francisco. Open Sundays and holi-
days.
A'AMEDA ROOMS AND UOAKO.
HOME for ladles In delicate health; large
. grounds: private. MRS. -INKE. 1416 Bth at.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
HfLLEGASs" TRACT. ~~
10 minutes' walk from university; electric
railroad passes the property.
All lots 160 feet in depth; fine view; only 4
blocks from Dwisfht way station.
Cheapest choice property In Alameda County.
JOS. J. MASON,
Berkeley Station.
FINANCIAL.
ALL kinds stores and saloons bought: short
notice. J. GOLLOB^R, 25 Battery st.
MONEY to loan— estate, 2d mortg.. chat-
tels, etc. Harper & Krelger,3l3 Examiner big.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses haVe been issued as follows:
Charles J. Bactus and Maude M. Stevens.. 2S-21
Milton J. Tompkins and Helen M. Wrlgley. 24-22
Dennis W. Collins and Jennie L. Dwyer... .35-30
Francisco Bordorcki and At'^elina Colona..
John W. Wajda and Annie Sveman 2S-19
Clarence Wilson and Margaret Mogan — Z7-U
William Turner and Fannie Babreafusz — 16-23
Jeremiah McNamara and Maggie Travers..2S-17
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices 'sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and ba
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BOUQUET— Oakland. April 17. 1899, to the
wife of George F. Bouquet, a son.
LEVY— In' this .-ity. April 6. 1889, to the wife
of Morris H. !>>vy. a daughter.
MARRIED. '
GIRARDIN— ALENZ— In this city, by the Rev.
1 Father Jones, Manuel H. Girardin and Jo-
hanna Alsenz, both of San Francisco.
PHILIPPSEN — MENCKHEIM— In this city.
April 15, 1599. by the Rev. Paul Branke. John
C. H. Phillppsen and Margaretha Menck-
heim. .
DIED. ■
Ah Fun M'-Kenna. Margaret
Bernard. Dr. Herbert Mayrisch. Otto M.
Creighton. Lieut. F. O'Rourke, Thomas
Duncan. Robert Jr. Pidge, Eileen F.
Eaton, Frank G. Smith. Honors
Fabre, Auguste Smile. Mrs. M. M.
Fleming. Michael D. Suhlinp, Frank
Flynn, Ellen Thorson. Cecelia P.
Galvln. Jeremiah Williams, Mary J.
Kelso, John T.
AH FUN— In the City and County Hospital,
' April 18, 1899, Ah Fun, a native of China,
aged 32 years. .
BERNARD— In this city. April IS, 1539. Dr.
Herbert A., only son of F. and Frances C.
Bernard, a native of San Francisco, in hi*
25th year.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Friday), April 21, at 1 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of his parents, 1515 Hyde street. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
CREIGHTON— In Santiago de Cuba, October
24, IMS, of fever, Lieutenant- Francis Creigh-
ton, beloved husband of Ellen N. Creighton,
and father of .Sybel Ellen p and Frances Mar-
garet Crfisrhton. a native of Philadelphia,
aged 38 years and 1 month. (New York and
Philadelphia papers please copy.)
Ct7"Thc remains were interred at Presidio.
Fan Francisco. Saturday, April 15.
DUNCAN— In Phoenix, Ariz., April 14, 1899,
Robert Duncan Jr., a native of Scotland, aged
3S cars.
tiSFI ri--nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral tWs day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the First
Presbyterian Church, corner Fourteenth and
Franklin streets, Oakland.
EATON— In this city. April 18. 1899; Frank G..
beloved husband of Frances Eaton, and step-
father of Willie O. Flynn, a native of Birm-
ingham. England, aged 37 years.
FABUE— In the City and County Hospital,
April 18, ISS9, Auguste Fabre, a native of
France, aged 66 years.
FLEMING— In the City and County Hospital,
! April 18, 1899, Michael Daniel Fleming, a na-
tive of the District of Columbia, aged 44
years.
| FLYNN— In this city. April 17. 1899, Ellen, be-
loved wife of Michael Flynn, and mother of
John T., Luke J. and Eilie Flynn, Mrs. Peter
V. Kearns and Sister Mary Eva of the Con-
gregation of the Sacred Heart, a native of
Ireland, aged 55 years.
G7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 169 Hickory avenue, thence, to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
GALVIN— In this city, April 17, 1599, Jeremiah,
beloved husband of the late Mrs. J. Galvin,
and father of James, Daniel and Maggie
Galvin. a native of County Kerry, Ireland,
aged 65 years.
IGTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street, thence to
Sacred Heart Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KELSO— In this city. April 17, 1599, John T.,
beloved son of Samuel and Mary .T. Kelso,
and • dearly- beloved brother of Margaret C.
and Samuel H. Keleo and Mrs. A. F. Crees,
a native- of San Francisco, aged 21 years 7
months and If days.
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:15 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, 311 Twenty-ninth street,
thence to St. Paul's Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McKENNA— In this city. April 16, 1899, Mar-
garet McKenna, a native of Illinois, aged 67
years.
ET"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. . . ■ ,%
MAYRISCH— In this city. April 16, 1599. Otto
M., beloved husband of Bertha Mayriscn, and
father of Otto, William, Carl. Hermann and
Fred Mayrlsch, Mrs. A. Olson and Mrs. A.
Andersen, a native of Germany, aged 64 years
t 1 month and 11 days.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from his iate resi-
dence, 921 Vallejo street, between Mason and
Taylor, thence to Verein Eintracht Hall, on
Twelfth street, near Folsom, where Services
will be held at 2 o'clock, under the auspices
of Verein Eintracht. Interment Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery.
j O'RPURKE —In this city, April 17. 1899,
Thomas, beloved husband of Ellen O'Rourke,
son of John and Margaret O'Rourke, father
of Gertrude O'Rourke. and brother of John.
Patrick. James, Harry. Frederick, May and
Ellen O'Rourke, a native of County Down,
Ireland, aged 45 years.
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:20 o'clock, from his late
j residence, 721 Fifth avenue, thence to the
Star of the Sea Church, where a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose. of his
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
PIDGE— In this city, April 17. 1399, Eileen
Frances, beloved daughter of P. N. and Alice
Pidge, a native of San Francisco, aged 4
years and 3 months.
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at — o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents. ISO 6 Polk street. Inter-
i ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SMITH— this city. April IS, 1899. at her late
residence, 7' 2 Oak Grove avenue, Honora,
beloved wife of Thomas N. Smith, mother of
George N. and Thomas D. Smith, and sister
of Dennis and the late Thomas Sullivan, a
native of Valencia Island, County Kerry, Ire-
land, aged 70 years.
C?" Notice of funeral hereafter.
! SUHLING— In South San Francisco, April 17.
I 1599, Frank, beloved husband of the late Celia
Suhling:, and father of Frank Suhllng, Mrs.
Harry Kispert, Mrs. Eugene O'Doul and
Henry Suhlins, a native of Germany, aged
63 years 1 month and 15 days.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from Masonic Hall.
Fourteenth and Railroad avenues. South San
Francisco. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
K. of P. — To the officers and members of South
Ban Francisco Lodge No. 45, K. of P.: You
are hereby notified to attend the funeral of
our late brother, Frank Suhling, from the
hall of lodge. Masonic building. Fourteenth
and Railroad avenues, this day (Wednes-
day), at 1 o'clock. By order of C. C.
' W. J. B. WARNER. K. of R. and S.
SOULE— In Alameda, April IS, 1599, Mrs.' M. M.
Soule, widow of the late Dr. A. G. f?ou:<».
mother of William F. and Gertrude Soule and
■ Mrs., J. K. Lynch, and sister of Ellsha Ran-
som. ■■■■••: ,
(CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
THORSON (PETERSON)— In this city., Cecelia
P. Thorson, beloved daughter of Peder and
Annie Thorson, and sister of Thorwald. Bern-
hart and Bore Thorson, a native of San Fran-
• Cisco, aged 15 years 6 months and 17 days.
ICT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 141.' Sixteenth avenue. South
San Francisco. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
WILLIAMS— In Crockett, April IS, 1889, Mary
J., wife of the late George G. Williams, and
mother of Mrs. E. Edwards and George T.
and Robert W. Williams, a native of Ireland,
aged 65 years.
• services at Congregational Church, Mar-
tinez, to-morrow (Thursday), on arrival of
11:45 o'clock train from Crockett. Interment
Martinez.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan &' Gallagher).
' FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3»
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
mcAvov &. Co., 3
FUNEKAL DiUiiXTURS A: EMHaLjIERS B
1235 Uarkct sl. between CO., -' I
rUNEKAL DLUJfiI rURS .* KiiKALJIEM 1
12& Market sL. between Bth and 9ta.
Telephone, South 247. . |
Weak Men and Women
! SHOULD USB DAMIANA BITTERS. THS
v great Mexican remedy; gives health and
j su«B£tb to sexual crean*. Depot, VU Muktb
1112
ADVANCE IN
RENTALS FOR
DEPOT USES
Railroad Companies
Resist an Increase.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC PROTEST
CLAIMS THE
COMPANY IS HARASSED.
Resolution for a Twenty Per Cent
Increase Adopted by the State
Board of Harbor Com
missioners.
At a regular meeting of the State
Bpard of Harbor Commissioners yester
day afternoon a resolution was adopted
increasing the. rate of rental to tho rail
road companies occupying space in the
new ferry depot. The advance as ap
plied to the Southern Pacific is {700 per
month; to the San Francisco and North
Pacific Kailr<»ad $100 per month, and to
tho North Pacific Coast road, JSu per
month.
Before a vote was taken on the propo
sition to advance the charges representa
tives of the interested railroad corporu
■ .i.i ample opportunity to present
ments. The Southern Pacific was
represented by .1. <". Kruttschnitt, J. A.
Fillmore, James Agier and Kellogg A.
■\\ ! Ite. The representatives of the San
Francisco and North Pacific Railroad
A \V. Fosti i and H. C. Whiting.
For the North 1 isi line President
Coleman and W. P. Russell were the
men.
The following resolution was Intro
duced by Commissioner Harney and sec
onded by Commissioner Heroic!:
Resolved, That from and after May 1, 189S, ;
the monthly rents for ferry slips now used I
and privileges in the new union depot and ■
forry house shall be as follows: Central Pa
c'.nc Railroad Company, ' BO; South Pacific |
<" aft Railroad Company. $S4O; Pan Francisco i
and North Pacific Railroad Company, $W<>; ;
Xorth Pacific Coast Railroad Company, $480, :
and the secretary i? hereby directed to forth- !
with notify the different companies of this !
action.
i 'ommissioner Karney, in support of
his resolution, produced ligure«s showing
th* cost r>f maintaining the depot building
and contended that the railroad cor
ns, being the chief users of the
1 remises, should pay for maintenance.
Mr. Kruttschnitt. speaking for the
•m Pacific, vigorously resisted the
He called the atten
tion of the board to the difference I
use of ferry slips, showing
that tht company which he repr. .
haxged $700 a month for a slip, while
the charge to the Snn* Francisco and
N r:i: Pacific Railroad was only |
month, and to th.- North Pacific (.'oast
only $400 per month.
Major Harney had figures at command
t<-> demonstrate that the North Pacific
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FWsditkbdat, Apr. 19. New prices Sunday f
¥ No Liquors — Just ¥
A Good Groceries a
f Coffee and teas — every f
f brand in demand. . f
You've bought them be-\
fore but always paid more. \
Java and Mocha 25 c i
Familiar to all coffee drinkers; \
m our regular price 30c. a
Costa Rica 20 c
i Real, full-grown Costa Rican \
¥ berry; regularly here, 25c. w
Arbuckles ... lb pkg Her
A An old standby with many A
* folks; usually sold at 15c , T
Guatamala Her
f A choice roast. . 4
Fancy Japan Tea 30 c
a Uncolorea Spider Leg; \
f long established at 50c. ¥
f Imperial Blend 25 c f
A Not our best, A
but a good tea. T
Ceylon Tea 45 c f
Cc3 r lon Tea 45 c f
From the Isle of Ceylon; §
superior for weak digestion;
¥ sells regularly for 60c V
Formosa Oolong 40 c f
A Clean in leaf; A
¥ heavy in body; ¥
A rich in flavor; \
¥ regular price 50c. ¥
¥ EIGHT SAVING STORES: f
A 736 Market St. 8. T. 1311 Polk St. 8. T. i
" 1060 Washington. Oak Kbit tuck At, Berkeley
A 9th fi Washington, " Central 'At, Al&raed* A
" E 12th 4 1 'th At. " 7th & Wood. Oak ¥
Cheese
in the
mouse trap
These are the regular
prices of
Ghirardelli's
Cocoa, 1-2 lb. 25c; 1 lb. .50c
Ground Chocolate, 1 lb. . .30c
Eagle Chocolate, 11b.... 25c
Monarch Chocolate, 1 lb . .35c i
They are pure, full weight,
home made, FRESH.
The above prices leave
but a fair legitimate profit
for the retailer, but some
grocers offer them for less,
merely as a BAIT — like
cheese in the mouse trap.
0. GHIRARDELLI CO.
President
COURT ADJOURNS
FOR A FIST FIGHT
WILL your Honor kindly adjourn court for five minutes?" plaintively asked Prosecuting Attorney Carpenter
of Acting Police Judge Barry yesterday morning-.
"Why, certainly, Mr. Carpenter," replied the Judge.
Carpenter took off his eyeglasses, picked up his hat and, walking out of his Inclosure, leaned
over the railing and whispered to Attorney 1-Yi d McGregor, "Come along outside." McGregor followed the
uing Attorney, and as the door of the courtroom closed behind them Carpenter put up his "dooks" and with a
deft left hand crook caught McGregor on the point of the chin, making his teeth rattle and causing him to stagger
backward. Policeman Galloway happened to be in the vicinity, and, rushing forward, he caught hold of McGregor and
prevented further hostilities, although the attorney begged hard to be let alone so. that he could return the blow upon
the Prosecuting Attorney. Carpenter walked into the court, followed by McGregor, and coolly said: "Your Honor, I
am ready to proceed with the case," and McGregor took up his position in front of the rail as If nothing had happened.
Carpenter and McGregor have not been on speaking terms for some years. Daniel Cahill, a boy, was charged in
Acting Judge Barry's court with stealing three hams from George Reid, a grocer on Sanchez street, and McGregor
defended him. When McGregor started in to cross-examine Reid he asked: "You have no desire to prosecute this
case?" Carpenter promptly objected, and McGregor said he had no right to object. Carpenter asked McGregor to ad
dress his remarks to the court and not to him, and McGregor made a reply that angered the Prosecuting Attorney*
who said that McGregor seemed inclined to make it a personal matter. . •
"I am willing to make it a persona! matter," retorted McGregor, and then Carpenter suavely asked the Judge to
adjourn court for live minutes, with the result mentioned.
Judge Barry thought that Carpenter had asked for an adjournment so that he could take McGregor outside and
quietly talk the matter over, and had no idea that a fight was in prospect, otherwise he would not have adjourned court.
Carpenter refused to discuss the affair, but McGregor said that he was completely taken by surprise when Car
penter struck him, and expressed his willingness to "go him a bunch any time." The affair caused quite an excitement
In the corridor for a few minutes.
Coast used the slip for seven trips daily, i
while the Southern Pacific use amounted
to thirty-three trips a day. ......
Mr. Kruttschnitt contended that there
was a disposition to make the Southern
Pacific Company pay for the building. He
remarked that the company was har
assed by the Interstate Commissioners
on the one side, the State Railroad Com
mission on the other Bide, and now in the
middle came the Harbor Commission. He
referred to the charge fur the use of
Blips and the charge for the use of the
depot. He estimated that the companj
paid $146,000 a year, or 4 per cent interest,
on $2,000,000 for water front pnv es - ..
The Commissioners submitted that tolls ,
were re-collected from shippers and that,
the merchants in fact paid the charges. ;
Mr Foster, representing the San Fran
cisco and North Pacific Railroad entered
a protest against the proposed advance In
the rent. He maintained that the rail
roads were developing the resources of
the State, despite the opposition of trie
press. He argued that the receipts did I
not justify the Increase.
Messrs. Coleman and Russell. speaking
for the North Pacific Coast Railroad, fol
lowed the line of protest against increase
and expressed a hope that the Commis
sioners would be considerate.
After the arguments were submitted the
Commissioners voted, and the resolution
to increase the rent was unanimously
adopted. President Kilburn voted in the
affirmative along with his associates.
K!SU??Sffißii was adopted provid
ing for the collection from the companies
named of the sum of $1400 for lights from
the date of occupancy until the present
U The Commissioners and the secretary.
William D. English, had figures at hand
to demonstrate that the schedule of
charges was just and reasonable, There
is no disposition upon the part of the \
board to impose as heavy a tribute as the
traffic will bear. The purpose in view; -Is ,
to colled from the companies using the |
depot building a sum sufficient to main- <
tain the edifice. Under the new- schedule
to take effect May 1 the depot will be
self-sustaining. A sufficient sum will be
collected to provide ample light, fuel, j
first-class janitor service and repairs.
The monthly rates formerly paid were.
Southern Pacific, $3500; S. F. and N. P.
R R $500. and the North Pacific Coast,
$400. The increase is 20 per cent.
UNFOUNDED .CHARC+ES.
Commissioner Heacock Dismiesos the
Case Against Shipping Brokers
Brown and Savory.
The charges against J. Savory and H.
Brown, shipping brokers, were dismissed
yesterday by United States Court Com
missioner Heacock. They had been ae
. of violating the allotment law • n
act< d at the last session of Congress, and
their c;is<- was the first on record on this
coast it was alleged that In Bhipplng
Sailors Bvenson and McDonald they had
ted and collected a fee of $15 from
each, under the pretense that the sailors
were Indebted to them for that sum.
The prosecution was Initiated and con
ducted by the Coast Seamen's Union, an
officer of that organization attending the
examination and counseling with Assist
ant United States Attorney Woodworth.
Ex-Assistant United States Attorney Bert
Sfhlesinger had charge of the defense.
The fate of the accused men pivoted
upon the shipping articles signed by the
sailors In the office of the Hawaiian Con
sul. A clause appeareu In the articles
that the sailors owed $30 of their advance
wages, and that this debt was payable to
Brown.
It appeared from the evidence that Mr.
Brown had not appeared at all before
the Hawaiian Consul, and that the clause
had been Injected into the shipning arti
cles without the knowledge or consent of
himself or his partner, .ur. Savory. The
liants swore that McDonald and
Svenson owed them only 80 cents. an<*
that they had noi made any claim be
fore the Consul for even that sum, they
receiving their fees from the owner of the
vessel for which they were furnishing the
crew.
After the ense had been dismissed, Mr.
Brown said that the sailors were stool
jiU; ( -"iis for certain -ersnn.s who had an
enmity against the shipping t>ri~>k< m.
Lieb Will Case.
A contest to the will of the late Charles
"VY. T>ieb, who died a few days ago leaving
to his brother, Harry H. Lif-b, property
valued at $2000, was filed yesterday by
Adam EL'liteb, another brother, who
claims that he was not mentioned in the
will of th<- deceased by reason of tli'
tator'a insanity. The contest has been
assigned to Judge Troutt for trial.
In the Pivorce Court.
Maria Hanck has sued Frederick Hanck
for- a divorce, alleging desertion aa a
cause of action.
Suzetta Thompson wns granted a di
vorce from Jerry D. Thompson yester
day "ii the ground of desertion.
Klizabeth Moore asks for a divorce from
Richard Moore on the ground of desertion.
A New Bank Organized.
The State Bank Commissioners have
granted to the Bank of Hemet, Riverside
County, a license to carry on a prneral
banking business. The capital stock is
jIOO.OOO, of which $25,000 is subscribed and
about 40 per cent paid in.
"99"' Cleveland bicycles, $40 and 150; "99"
Crescents, |35. Leavltt & Bill, 303 Larkin.'
THE SAX FB Ay CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 19, 1899.
THE FIGHT FOR
DECENCY GOES
BRAVELY ON
Peter Bacigalupi Is
Convicted.
MINIMUM FINE IS IMPOSED
WARNED TO BE MORE CAREFUL
IN THE FUTURE.
Acting Police Judgs Barry Declares
That the Pictures Exhibited
Were Suggestively
Immoral.
The fight for decency made by The Call
agalnnt the exhibition of indecent pic
tures In phonograph parlors has met with
another victory. Peter Bacigalupi, pro
prietor of parlors on Market street, hav
ing been convicted and fined by Acting
Police Judge Barry yesterday morning.
When the case was called Attorney
Waldheimer, for the defendant, asked the
privilege of introducing further expert
testimony as to the pictures to show that
they were not immoral.
Prosecuting Attorney Carpenter said he
had subpenaed Revs. W. I. Kip, John
llemphill, Jacob Voorsanger ami Father
Mulligan, but Dr. Hemphill and Father
Mulligan could not be found, and the
Judge had excused the other two rev
erend gentlemen from attendance. He
objected to furtner expert testimony be
ing Introduced for the defendant, as they
had had enough of that with Saloon
keeper Dunne and he thought the Judge
waa quite capable of deciding whether the
pictures were immoral or not,
The Judge said he believed that the pic
tures were suggestively immoral, and as
to the plea that they were works of art,
that was ouite absurd. The defendant
had testified that any child on deposit
ing a nickel could see the pictures In
question, and that was enough. He had
already found Collins guilty and would
also find the defendant guilty. Ho asked
would the defenuant receive his sentence
now.
Attorney Waldheimer said there ap
peared to be no use In making any argu
ment, as the Judge had made up Tils
mind.
"i have." said the Judge. "I will im
pose a Blight line this time for the reason
that I want to give you an opportunity
to change the pictures and conduct the
business carefully In the future. It is
against the law to exhibit indecent pic
tures, but in the circumstances I will im
pose the minimum fine of $10. If arrested
again for a similar offense I warn you
that I will impose tho maximum pen
alty."
Attorney Waldhoimer remarked that It
whs a case of justice going it blind, and
the Judge retorted that justice had not
been bliud In this case.
Bacigalupi had not the $10 to pay the
fine, and Prosecuting Attorney Carpenter
ordered that he be sent to prison till the
tine was paid. There was an indignant pro
test from Baciffalupl and his attorney,
but Carpenter Bald he did not intend to
make any exception in Hacigalupl's case
Some friends of Bacigalupi put up the $10
and he was saved from the indignity or
being taken to prison.
BRUTAX TREATMENT OF HORSES
Shocking Condition of the Livestock
of Gray Bros., Contractors.
The officers of the Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Animals have
caused the arrest of Frank Marshall and
John White, driver and stable foreman
for Gray Bros., contractors, for being
cruel to the horses under their care.
Early In the morning: a number of com
plaints were received from people living
mar Bay street and Montgomery avenue,
which were to the effect that Gray Bros!
were using horses to pull heavy loads up
the hill that were hardly able to k«-ep
their feet under them, l«t alono doing
any kind of work. Secretary Hol
brook and Officer McCurry went to the
place and found the drivers whacking
along with a pair of old skates that were
afflicted with about all of the ills to
which horseflesh is heir.
Mr. Holbrook recognized the pitiful con
dition of the animals, but before proceed
ing he summoned Veterinary Surgeons
Drs. Jacobsen and Masoero, who stated
that the two horses wore over twenty
years okl and should be killed because of
their shocklDg condition. This was done
soon after. The officers then went to the
stables of tho Gray brothers and found
six more horses in similar condition
which they ordered from work. The ar
rests mentioned followed.
Fair of Catholic Ladies' Aid.
The executive committee having In
charge the preparations for the. fair forth.'
Catholic Ladies' Aid has found energetic
helpers in the members of the Catholic
Union.
At a meeting of tho union held last
evening in Knights of the Red Branch
Hall Jeremiah Deasy, John H. McQlnney
Captain Mallett. John Mulherh, Williahi
Mulvln. Mrs. Mulverhill. Mrs. C. V. Flan
nasan and Mrs. Kerr were appointed a
committee to meet with the representa
tives of the pocioty and the. conference
committee next Thursday evening in the
basement of St. Mary's Cathedral. The
fair opens on April 27 in Native Sons 1
Hall.
"Pegamoi.l" book leathers for binding; per
fect fur gold lettering. 62 Chronicle bldg. •
Convicted of Manslaughter.
Mrs. Jane Mollarkey was convicted by
a jury in Judge Cook's .court of tho crime
of manslaughter for having caused the
death of Mrs. Nellie Suits in a lodging
house at 1046 Folsom street on October
10, IS9B. On the date and at the place
named, at the early hour of 1 a. m.. Mrs.
Mollarkey threw a lamp at Mrs. Suits,
who was endeavoring to quiet her. Mrs.'
Suits also carried .'i lump and the one iri
her hand was shattered by that thrown by
Mrs. Mollarkey. There was an explosion
and Mrs. Suits was burned to death. Mrs.
Mollarkey was arrested shortly after the
commission of the crime, and must now
pay the penalty by Roing to State prison.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STARVATION IN
PROSPECT FOR
INDIGENT SICK
County Hospital Bills
Are Unpaid.
CONTRACTORS GIVE NOTICE
FLOUR. AND FUEL MEN WANT
THEIR MONEY.
Say They Will Furnish No More
Provisions Until Funds Are
Available for Goods Al
ready Delivered.
Twelve hundred patients • at the City
and County Hospital will in a few days
be confronted with the prospect of death
by starvation unless the Board of Super
visors can find some way to pay the city's
bills. Not only does the grim specter of
famine threaten the unfortunates within
the walls of the barnlike structure where
are confined the indigent sick, but their
emaciated and pain-racked bodies will be
exposed to the chill of the wind and fog
that sweeps in from the ocean through
the gap in Twin Peaks unless the coal
contractor can find a way to the city's
strong box.
Many of the merchants who have con
tracts to furnish the City and" County-
Hospital with fuel and provisions have
received no pay from the city since Feb
ruary and there is little prospect of bet
ter fortune during the balance of the
present fiscal year. In consequence of
this- the Del Monte Milling Cotnpany,
which holds the contract for supplying
the hospital with flour, meal and similar
food products, served notice yesterday
that it would decline to furnish any more
f L oods to the institution until pay is
orthcoming for goods delivered during
March and April. The same action has
been taken by Thomas J. Morton, who
holds the contract for 'supplying the hos
pital with coal. Other contractors have
signified their intention of adopting the
same course for the reason, they say,
that they cannot afford to provide the in
stitution' with goods gratis, and past ex
perience has taught thorn that there is
little prospect of remuneration when the
fund for the maintenance of the hospital
is in the condition in which they now
find it.
Until yesterday there was some pros
pect that there would be sufficient money
in the hospital fund to pay the outstand
ing bills for last month, but that hope
was killed when Auditor Wells was
advised by his attorney that the action
taken by the Board of Supervisors on
Monday was illegal. The action referred
to was" the transferring to the fund pro
vided by the last tax levy for the main
tenance of the hospital the sum of $>>ouo,
which is still to the credit of the fund
provided for repairs to the hospital. Gen
eral Dickinson yesterday advised Auditor
Wells that this transfer could not be leg
ally made, and that the only fund which
can be drawn upon for the maintenance
of the institution is that provided by the
last tax levy. Acting on this advice, the
Auditor has refused to audit demands
that would otherwise have been drawn
from this additional sum of $8000.
There now remains in the hands of the
Auditor unsatisfied March demands to the
total amount of about $3000. There is al
ready In sight demands for money due
on account of provisions furnished dur
ing the present month more than suffi
cient to exhaust the April apportionment
after the April salary demands have hern
paid. Before these April demands can be
paid the unpaid March demands must
be satisfied. It can readily be seen that
the prospect ahead for the contractors is
not encouraging.
The present condition of things at the
hospital is due to extravagance, on the
pan of the officials in charge of that in
stitution and of the Supervisors who are
responsible for the authorization of their
requisitions. It is the opinion of the offi
cials at the City Hall that a remedy must
be found for the present condition of
things, and that soon, on account of the
helpless and unfortunate condition of
those who will be the sufferers if the sup
ply of provisions and fuel is cut off.
In Philadelphia.
She— What l<^d you to suspect he had
been Visiting the speak-easy 0
Her— Ho spoke with such difficulty. — In
dianapolis Journal.
SPECIAL VALUES *
. . . I3ST . . .
New Goods?
Silks. I Black Goods.
Changeable Taffeta Silks, col- 1 case Black Mohair Crepons,
ored satin stripes.dark col- ten different dj| 1Z
orings, extra d»j AA designs «pl«£«J Yd.
heavy quality v«"" Yd.
20 pieces Extra Quality
Striped Taffeta Silks, white Black Mohair Crepons,
and monotone effects, • poplin effects, eight
equal stripes, in violet, different de- $1 TA
turquoise, $1 AA signs «pl.«)v Yd.
etc., etc.... vI«WU Yd.
... _TV „ * 1 . * An elegant assortment of
Polka Dot Taffetas, latest Black F| d Mohair
colorings, 5 both large, Granites, 44 inches wide, $
medium ♦ and %\ (II) v. handsome de- $1 Aft
small dots : . 01. Yd. signs $I«UU Yd.
Black and White and Blue nn ' . _. .__ ,_ .
and White Checked Taf- 20 pieces Black Wool ™'
fetas, complete line, dif- fetas ; 44 inches wide,
ferent siz* AA genuine French manu "
checks.^. . Jpl.Utl Yd. facture $1.25 Yd
Complete assortment 0! —
best quality Printed Fou- 1 case Reversible Silk and
lard Silks, latest color- Wool Figured Etarnines,
ings, 24 inches wide and four different designs,
extra fine aa $2.00 and.. $7 7JT
twills ..... «pI.VVYd $L.ld Yd.
SPE3CIAL !
19-inch CHECKED and STRIPED TAFFETAS, in navy and
white, and black and white, also new effects and
colorings, extra fine quality — . .
75c Yard,
111. 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
SECRETARY GREEN ON
RACE TRACK FINANCES
TELLS OF STOCKHOLDER -> AND
OF RUNNING EXPENSES.
Police Did Not Interfere With Any
thing at Ingleside Track But
the Betting.
The caso instituted by the Pacific Coast
Jockey Club against Chief of Police Lees
and his men to restrain them from enter-
Ing the grounds at Ingleslde and interfer
ing with the betting 1 on races was con
tinued before Judge Murasky yesterday.
Captain J. J. Callunden, of Morse's pa
trol, was cross-examined by " Attorney
Hosmer for the defense. He affirmed he
noticed the raids h:id resulted In a dimin
ish, -d attendance, and that the police
shoved and intimidated patrons of the
track.
W. R. Vice, an attache of the Union Pa
cific Railway, testified that after the raids
he ceased taking tourists to the track,
being afraid of arrest.
H. Mering testified to the same effect.
Secretary F. H. Green was questioned
chiefly on finances. He told of contracts
unfulfilled, and of the fifty employes,
whose monthly wage amounted to $8000.
He testified that the Jockey Club was
capitalized at $500,000.
The witness was questioned at consid
erable length during the afternoon session
by Attorney Hosmer as to interference on
the part of the police with anything at
Inglesido track except the betting. Ac
cording to his testimony the races would
have continued. The bar, the restaurant,
the candy shop, could all have continued
in business if those in authority so de
sired. The police paid no heed to them,
devoting all their attention to the betting
ring. Mr. Green said the raid of the po
lice on March 14 had deterred people from
visiting the track. The majority of those
In attendance were there to bet. and sup
pressing betting had the effect of keeping
them away. When the police arrived at
the grounds the people left the betting
ring, and many of them left the grounds
entirely.
Mr. Green, in reply to a question from
Judge Murasky, said he had advised peo
ple not to bet, as he did not want them
to violate the law. He said the club is
not interested in pool-selling nor suffering
any to be sold while the present ordi
nance is in effect. The directors have had
no meeting since this trouble commenced,
but he knew their sentiments. He has en
tire management of affairs, subject to su
pervision of the directors.
Attorneys Ach and Hosmer had several
collisions, finally drawing from Judge Mu
rasky the admonition not to be so fussy
in their trial of the case. The matter
goes on this morning at 10 o'clock.
NOVELTY IN INSURANCE.
A Company Which Pays Policy Hold
ers in Case of Loss of Posi
tion.
Tine Provident Security Company, in
corporated March 77 with a cash capital
of .tiOO.OOO. will begin doing busir.tss at
405 Montgonmery street on Monday next
I This company, which is backed by some
of tho best known capitalists in the State,
has a plan of insurance which has never
been tried in this country. Instead of in
suring against accident, fire or death it
agrees to pay the salary for six months
cf any person holding a policy who lose 3
his position through no fault of his own.
Hundreds of men are annually thrown
out of employment through unexpected
contingencies, such as the failure or re
moval of business houses, or their de
struction by lire. The Provident Security
Company will afford these an income
while seeking new positions.
The officer? of the concern are: Willis
E. Davis, president; E. W. Newhall, vice
president, P. N. Lilienthal, treasurer:
George C. Pratt, secretary; E. F. Green,
assistant secretary, board of trustees —
P. N. Lilienthal. M. H. Hecht, Willis E.
Davis, L. R. Ellert. Louis Sloss Jr., F. W.
Van Sicklen. John L. Howard. E. w.
Newhall. John R. Spring, George H. Ty
son. The actual business will be man
aged by Mess-rs. Pratt and Green. Mr
Pratt has gone East to introduce the sys
tem into other cities and open branch "of
fices.
PERFECT
CONTENT
Is bound to be yours when you get In-
side one of our faultlessly laundered
collars. No "saw-edges" mar your
comfort; no torn button holes excite
your anger. They're the perfect worK
of the perfectly equipped United States
Laundry.
The United States Laundry, Office
1004 Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
NEW DIRECT CONSIGNMENT
Just Taken Out of the Custom House in San
Francisco.
Wi RUGS
To Be Sold at AUCTION,
THIS DAY (Wednesday), April 19.
At 10:30 a. m. and 2:30 p. m.
1:25 GEARY SX.
We received imperative instructions to sell
out this unsurpassed collection without reserve.
Do not (all to attend. Goods on view Wedne»«
day. a
TURKISH RUQ CO. -*
A. W. LOUDERBACK. Auctioneer.
j|&j^s§»|i^^ Doctor
i^llip^^^^ SVI E V ERS
Specialists for Men
ft «tf "t&2sy rIIL/* rheu ' phjiieUnt have beta
V Wtfjfr / tracted ulment.l tince 1881.
fe^vjv 'V*wt!v^»S§^ Vnfortuniti 1 mm who can-
ESTABLISHED 17 YEARS. A IX FREE.
aii utter, confia.ntui . S. ChargcTo^' CoHsulUtio^.'
7QI MARKET ST., >_,
101 SAX FBANCISCO } Elevator Entrance.
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIG'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
P»rii, J. ESPIC ; New York, E. FODGEBA ft CO.
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS.
Wmtfii%iv WHEN YOU
ij^^^^^^. Require an E-tC-
fe^^Tl^^TßlC BELT get "Dr. j
r^^^jn^w^^i Picrce's" and you will
r " vN not be disappointed,
"'h^T Call or address PIERCE
ELECTBiC CO.. OiJO
[ Mvfc«* it (opp, Ptlics Hots), S. F.