VOLUME LXXXY-^O. 114.
A WAR OF RACES
RAGES IN ARKANSAS
TEXARKAXA, Ark., March 23.—
A race war is on in Little River
County, and during the past
forty-eight hours a number of
negroes have mot their death at
the hands of an infuriated white popu
lation. Seven are known to have been
lynched, shot to death or slain in some
mam the work is not yet done.
The bodies of the victims of the mob's
vengt-ance are hanging to the limbs of
trees in various parts of the country,
strung up wherever they were taken,
while that of another who was shot to
death while trying to escape was
thrown into a creek and left there. The
country is in a state of most intense
excitement. White men are collecting
in mobs heavily armed and deter
mined; negroes are fleeing for their
lives and I munity is in an up
roar. The exact number of negroes who
have It with or
. yet fall into the hands
of the mob ... red may
never be known. Seven bodies liave
been found and other victims are be
ing- hunt>-d and will meet the same fate
"when tuv I .. The known
to dai I iwar 1
Goodwin, Adam K-.r.c Joseph Jones.
Benjamin Joi - Jones a:
unknown I
Joe X Johnson were
also taken in hand by mobs and whip
ped. They Pterward I
loose ar.d have
Little River County is In the ex
treiT- " • ■.
bordered on the west by the Indian Ter
ritor\ uth by Texas. The
regi' large and has for a
long • ■ d very troublesome to
: murders have
occur: " and fights have be
come affairs. One or two ne
groes ha usly been Be\
dealt with when the people found it
necessary to take the law into their
own hands, but v was not until Tues
day that the trouble took on a very
It then developed that
carefully laid plans had been made by
a number to precipitate a
war, and that many white men
been marked for victims. It is
learned that twenty-three negroes were
Implicated in I and the whites
are now bent on meting out summary
ihe entire coterie of con
en have been killed, and
the work of wiping out the entire list
continues without relaxation or deter
mination. All implicated in the plot are
known, and small parties of white men.
HOBART
SUCCEEDS
HIMSELF
On the Cards as the Candi
date for the Vice-
Presidency.
REED IS OUT OF IT
Speaker Prefers His Present Job
to Anything Short of the
White House.
Special Dispatch to Th« CalL
Call Headquarters, Wellington Hotel,
Washington, March 23.
Politicians here regard the sugges
tion of the nomination of Speaker Reed
for Vice President on a ticket with
President McKinley as even more ab
surd than the recent suggestion of the
.nomination of Governor Roosevelt. No
one who knows Mr. Reed believes that
he would consider a proposition to take
second place on the ticket for a mo
ment. His one political ambition Is to
be elected President, and failing in that
he will rest content with the high rep
utation he has made for himself as
Speaker of the House. It is well
known that Mr. Reed regards the of
fice of Speaker as superior in Itself to
that of Vice President.
It is believed here that Vice Presi
dent Hobart will probably be renoml
nated for Vice President. Mr. Hobart
has made more out of the office of
Vice President than any man who has
filled it in recent years. He has pre
sided over the Senate with dignity and
ability, and has the respect and es
teem of every member of that body.
' In addition to this he has done what
few Vice Presidents have done in re
cent years, in that he has worked in
the closest harmony with the Presi
dent He has been given the confi
dence of Mr. McKinley to as great a
degree as any member of the Cabinet,
and in return his advice has been on
more than one occasion a distinct helD
to the President. It is urged that if
the nomination of Hobart was wise In
1896 it will be doubly so. in 1900.
1896. it tv in
Natives Murder an Officer.
CALCUTTA March 23.— A dispatch
from Peshawur. capital of the Punjab di
vision of that name on the Afghan fron
tier =ays that two Pathans— or Afghans
-hay, hot and killed Lieutenant Colonel
F U Le Marehant of the Hampshire
Regiment. The murderers have been ar
rested.
Moore Will Not Be Lynched.
HUTCHINSON. Kans.. March 23.— John
who murdered his children and
was taken to McPherson to prevent his
being lynched, was returned here to-da>.
He waived preliminary hearing and was
remanded to Jail to await trial. There
Is no danger of a lynching.
Wiliazn Goes to Cowes.
LONDON, March 23.— The Berlin cor
respondent of the Daily Mail confirms the
report already cabled that Emperor \v ll
llam will be at Cowes during regatta
week, arriving there July 28.
The San Francisco Call.
I NEGROES LYNCHED
t
GENERAL prCKETT.
EDWARD GOODWIN.
ADAM KING.
JOSEPH JONES.
BENJAMIN JONES.
MOSES JONES.
An unknown man.
varying In number from twenty-five to
fifty, are scouring the country for them.
Wherever one is found he is quickly
strung up, his body perforated with
leaden missiles to make sure of th^ir
work, and the mob hastens on in quest
of its next victim. Some of th<-m
were found near Richmond, and the
work of dispatching the first two or
three was an easy matter.
But the news soon spread among: the
negroes, who, instead of making the re- j
sistance and offering the battle that
they had threatened, became panic-
Etricken and began getting out of the
community as quickly as possible. Two
whose names were on the list of con
spirators got a good start of the men
who were detailed to look after them
and succeeded in reaching the Texas
line before being captured. How
ever, they did not escape. They were
overtaken out of breath and exhausted,
but were swung up without ceremony.
The trouble arose over the killing of
James Stockton by Duckett. Just prior
to the lynching of Duckett the negroes
had planned the inauguration of a race
war. Duckett was the leader, and at
his death the negroes let the matter
out and the citizens became greatly en
raged.
Another negro, named Joe King, re
marked that Stockton should have been
murdered sooner. He was taken to the
woods and whipped, as was also John
Johnson. Other negroes made threats,
but nothing occurred until yesterday,
when the dead body of Goodwin was
found hanging to a tree just across Red
River from the Stockton farm in Bowie
County, Texas. He formerly worked
for Stockron and was chased across
Mud Creek. The place where the trou
ble occurred is several miles from any
town of communication and it is ditli
cult to obtain details, as th^ people are
very reluctant about giving cut the
news. A Justice of the Peace went to
where Goodwin was hanged.
Advices from New Boston, Tex., to
night are to the effect that across the
SAMPSON
IS GIVEN
ALL CREDIT
The President Says He De
stroyed the Fleet of Ad
miral Cervera.
PROMOTED FOR THAT
Reply to the Letter of the Admiral
Declining a Rise in
Rank.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, March 23.— Admiral
Sampson has received from the Presi
dent the following reply to his letter
of March '9, 1899:
EXECUTIVE MANSION.
Washington. March 13, 1899.
My TVar Sir: I nm in receipt of your
very considerate letter of the 9th inst..
In which you a desire that, with
out rceard to jour own interests, the
oth^r naval officers who rendered such
conspicuou • In the naval cam
! paign in the West Indies may have the
j advancement which you recommend tor
| them, and in which you ask nothing for
yourself. I highly commend this disin
terested action on your part. L.et me as-
I pure you that I have the highest appre
; elation of your services as commander
ln-chief of the Atlantic naval forces dur
ing thp Spanish war, in blockading Cuba..
! co-operating with the army, directing the
movements of the great number of ves
sels under your orders, and at last, after
the most effective preparations, consum
mating with the gallant officers and men
under your command the. destruction of
the Spanish fleet. Tt was in recognition
of your services and of your great skill
that I recommended you to the Senate
for the advancement you had earned.
Very truly yours,
WILLIAM McKINLEY.
Rear Admiral W. T. Sampson, U. S. N.,
Commander-in-chief United States
naval forces, North Atlantic Qeet,
United States flagship New York, Ha
vana, Cuba.
YOUNGER BROTHERS
MAY BE PAROLED
ST. PAUL, Minn., March 23.— The pros
pects of the Younger boys being released
from State prison are much brighter to
day. The bill which permits the parole
of ilfe prisoners after twenty years' im
prisonment, with uninterrupted good be
havior, was yesterday defeated in the
Senate, but to-day Senator Wilson had
the bill reconsidered and after an amend- I
ment was adopted, requiring the approval I
by the Board of Pardons of such paroles !
by the Board of Prison Managers, the hill i
was passed by a vote of (8 <<> ;,. The Hoard j
of Pardons has heretofore strongly im
posed pardon for the Youngers, but their I
friends hope for a more favorable dispo
sition toward a proposal to parole the
prisoners.
Big Eagle Killed.
VALLEJO. March 23.— James D. Whit
man killed an eagle on his ranch a few
miles from Vallejo^ recently which meas
ures seven feet from tip to tip. The bird
had hung over Mr. Whitman s lambs for
over a week.
SAN FRAXCISCO, FRIDAY, MARCH 24, 1899.
river several negroes have been lynched.
This morning Benjamin Jones was
found dead on Hurricane Bend, and
from New Boston it is learned that Joe j
King and Moses Jones were found j
hanging to trees at Horseshoe Curve
to-day. Another Jones is missing. In
the gang that was plotting for a race |
war were twenty-three negroes, and it |
is likely that the entire number kave
been strung up in the thickets. The
negroes are fleeing from the district.
To-day three wagons full arrived at |
Texarkana, having crossed Red River
at Index at midnight last night. They j
were greatly frightened. The citizens
of Little River County have suffered j
much recently from lawlessness. Some
months ago the two races clashed at
Allene at a sawmill and a small riot
followed. From all accounts it seems
that with Duckett seven of the ring
leaders have been killed.
NEGROES BRUTALLY
SHOT TO DEATH
JACKSON, Miss., March 23.— Three j
n-groes were taken from an officer of |
the law and lynched by an armed mob j
near Silver City, in Yazoo County, last
Saturday evening. After being shot to
| death the bodies of the victims were
weighted with bundles of cotton bale
ties and thrown into the Yazoo River.
j The negroes were:
MINOR WILSON.
C. C. REED.
WILLIS BOYD.
They were the ringleaders of the .
>es in a race encounter on the Mid
night plantation early last week. They
■ were arrested and taken to Yazoo City
' and held in jail. The offense, with which
they were charged having been com
mitted in Sharkey County, the Sharkey
authorities were notified and last Fri
; day evening Deputy Constable Sylves-
I ter arrived and the prisoners were
I turned over to him. The constable
boarded the steamer Rescue with the
negroes on Saturday morning and
reached Silver City with them. Ail
that is further known is that the
: negroes fell into the hands of the mob
at this point, were shot to death and
thrown into the river as above stated.
The feeling against these negroes has
been very bitter on account of the dis
turbance at the Midnight plantation
last week in which they, with two other
rades, had fired upon two whites on
the public road. A horse belonging to
i one of the white men was wounded,
1 but the men were not harmed.
THE AWFUL
HORRORS OF
THE FAMINE
Russian Peasants in the
Volga Provinces Dying
by Thousands.
HELP IS NEEDED NOW
Red Cross Society Has Exhausted
Its Funds and Can Do Noth
ing More.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 23.— The
newspapers of the city publish piti
able accounts of the condition of the
so-called famine districts of Russia,
especially Samara, in the eastern part
of European Russia. The efforts of the
Red Cross Society have staved off tli<
horrors of actual starvation, but the
society's funds are almost exhausted,
and the dire distress, compelling the
consumption of all kinds of garbage,
has produced an epidemic of terrible
mortality with typhus, scurvy and
other pestilential diseases.
The peasants are compelled to sell
everything and are living In cold, damp
and filthy cabins. Weakened by hun
ger, they fall ready victims to typhas
and acute scurvy. Unless the Govern
ment gives prompt aid the Volga pro
vinces appear doomed to a repetition of
the horrors of 1891 and 1892.
O'MELVENEY'S CAREER.
Well Known in Los Angeles, Where
He Has Prominent Relatives.
LOS ANGELES. March 23.-E. H.
O'Melveney, who has good connections
in L-os Angeles, and who disappeared from
this city under peculiar circumstances
: early last July, is reported as being pur
by a posse of Deputy Sheriffs in
Washington on a charge of assault with
to commit murder. O'Melveney
went to Lonrais soon after his departure
from L<*s Angeles and assumed the name
of K. H. Melrose. He also received mail
' under his true name. O'Melveney is a
son of the late Judge O'Melveney, who
was one of the most respected citizens of
this city, and a brother of Henry W.
O'Melveney, the well-known attorney of
the firm of Graves, O'Melveney & Shank-
O'Melveney at the t'me of his sudden
disappearance was considered wealthy,
and was a stockholder and president of
the California Truck Company. After
his departure his stock in the concern
was taken up by members of the com-
I pany. O'Melveney lived on Melrose street,
! this city, and it is supposed he took his
; assumed name from that fact. The an
nouncement of the trouble in which he is
entangled is the first intimation his former
I business associates, have had of his
whereabouts since he left Los Angeles.
Death of Two Aged Women.
MILFORD CENTER, 0., March 23.—
! Aunt Katy Snodgrass died to-day of the
1 grip aped 103 years. She was the oldest
woman in the Woman's Relief Corps in
the United States.
SARATOGA, N. T., March 23.— Mrs.
Anne Hayes Alexander died to-day at
i West Charleton, aged 101 years.
PREPARING
TO ADVANCE
ON MALOLOS
War Department Expects to
Hear Something Definite
From Otis.
NATIVES LACK GUNS
There Is No Positive Knowledge of
the Strength of Aguinaldo's
Army.
Special Dlspatrh to The Call.
Call Headquarters, Wellington Hotel.
Washington. March 23.
War Department officials are hourly
expecting advices from Manila that the
forces under General otls have made
a quick advance upon the Filipino
hosts. They are reticent regarding the
recent instructions sent to command
ers, but the feeling pervades the War
building that the decisive blow ought
to be struck before the rainy season
advances, and before Aguinaldo gets a
chance to mass his troops.
Not much stock is taken here in the
reports that Aguinaldo intends mak
ing a supreme effort to march in the
direction of Manila. The officials have
an idea that he will not give battle,
but will from now on act on the de
fensive. It would be better for him.
they Bay, to bushwhack and to have his
fighters remain in the swampy country
of the interior, where the roads are
such poor excuses that the American
troops cannot use them for the move
ment of heavy artillery. Army experts,
however, hope that the insurgents will
stand and fight, for they see therein
the speedy ending of the rebellion.
War Department officials do not at
tempt to explain why General Lawton
and his fresh troops are so lone: kept
out of action. They talk as if that
matter is left entirely to the discretion
of General Otis.
The strength of Aguinaldo's army Is
not known at the War Department, but
is estimated at between 25.000 and 30.
--000 men. Not all of these are equipped
with rifles, however, and the effective
force will probably not number more
than 15,000. The fact that firearms are
rarely found on the battlefield : t £,t»fc,A
skirmish with the Filipinos, arid 1 that
a strong reserve usually attends their
firing line, and never participates in the
fighting, is believed to indicate there
are many more men than rifles In the
Filipino ranks.
While the department has not been
officially informed of the rearrange
ment of the positions of General Otis
around Manila, it is believed that the
greatest force has been established
north of the city, while the men who
were stationed at Laguna de Bai and
along the Papier River have r>een or
dered to proceed to the north of the
island, in order to flank Aguinaldo's
army, should he suddenly advance on
Manila.
GENERAL OTIS IS
BEGINNING TO MOVE
MANILA, March 23.— A general en
gagement with the rebel force* may he
expected at any mmnpnt. Tn fact I
am led to the conclusion that to-mor
rmv will show most important develop
ments. On every hand are evidences
of husy preparation to strike a final
and crushing blow. The arrival of the
reinforcements on the transports Grant
and Sherman, with the Sheridan due
in a few days, has given new spirit to
the American forces.
There are reports that th<=> rebel cause
is gaining adherents In the northern
end of the island. The general feeling
among natives hero in Manila, how
ever, po far as it is given outward ex
pression, is of submission to the situ
ation.
The Oregon regiment, the Twenty
second Infantry and the troops of Gen
eral Wheaton's brigade have been con
centrating all morning at Caloocan in
the rear of General 11. G. Otis' front.
Army tugs now command Malabon and
preparations are making for a decisive
battle, but no movement looking toward
an advance has yet heen begun. There
is every indication that Otis has de
cided to crush the insurgents' forces
and end the insurrection. The Seven
teenth Infantry disembarked to-day
and was at once moved into position.
Last night Private John Muhr and
Sergeant Cohen of the Kansas Volun
teers were killed in a skirmish.
Prisoners who have been brought in
within the last twenty-four hours say
that the rebels have the "last ditch"
feeling, and will make the most decis
ive stand they have yet taken.
The second line of defense occupied
by the rebel forces is between San M;i
teo and Mannaliches. There are rows
of trenches one after another, and the
advance of our troops can only be step
by step, with resistance to be expected
at every trench. But there is no lack
of spirit and fighting desire among the
American soldiers. Their courage is
simply immense. The volunteers, es
pecially, are eager to fight.
The weather now is most favorable
and there are only 875 men reported in
the hospitals. The troops under Gen
eral Mac Arthur, holding the strong line
to the north, are provided with shelter
to keep off the sun, and as they have no
marching to do and are not exposed,
they are generally v«ry healthy.
General Lloyd Wheaton has been put
ting the men under him through some
lively campaigning since he landed, but
they are now resting and recuperating
and are in fair condition.
General Otis expressed himself to
day as satisfied with the situation so
far as the Vlsaya Islands are con
cerned.
AMERICA'S DEATH HARVEST
What It Cost in Human Lives for the
United States to Go to War
With Spain.
• I»■ he records of the United States navy and of the "United States army are complete now to tell
the harvest of death that Americans reaped in the war with Spain. The tabulated state- 0
I ments relate, in the language of an accountant, the tragic story of the cost in American
T lives. These statements, which will follow, have been obtained by special dispatch. In many ways,
% by contrast and by association, they are deeply significant. They show that the navy in action lost only 9
18 men and the army 329. The navy, free from the horrors of a strange and tropical, disease-breeding
climate, lost by disease no more than it would naturally have done in time of peace — 56 men. The army,
0 forced upon an unfriendly land, surrounded with the death-dealing elements of a tropic climate, lost by O
1 disease 5277 men, a terrible total, representing an army which suffered all the soldiers' penalty with
i I none of the soldiers' glory. The records are of grave interest and are given in the dispatch that fol-
Tlows. It should be remembered that the records do not include casualties subsequent to March 1:
WASHINGTON, March 23.— The records of the Navy Department show the following casualties
during the war with Spain: !
• Killed in action, 18, of whom one died of heat exhaustion during action, one more fell down an
embankment, breaking his neck during action, and one was accidentally killed during action by drop- q
I ping his pistol, which exploded, killing him. A total of 56 men died of disease, but this is less than in |
, • time of peace and includes all the ailments of the sailors, and is not traceable to the war. y
a The War Department records, which are made up from official casualty lists to the Ist of March, 9
show:
O Killed in action, 329; died of wounds, 125; died of disease, 5277. Total, 5731.
II The department has no figures for March, as returns have not yet been received. O
• Group of Rebel Officers Before the Head
l quarters of Aguinaldo at Malolos. • I
RELIGIOUS
DISTURBANCE
IN ECUADOR
Reports of Trouble in the Far
Interior of the Re
public.
APPEAL TO OFFICIALS
The Government at Quito Will See
to It That American Mission
aries Are Protected.
Special Cable to The Call and the Xcw York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PANAMA. March 23.— Advices from
the Herald's correspondent in Ecuador
say that country now enjoys compara
tive peace except in the far interior,
where fanatical influences are making
trouble.
Regarding the present wave of fanat
icism in Ecuador, I'nited States Min
ister A. ,T. Sampson is energetically in
sisting on the protection of Protestant
missionaries by the Ecuadorean au
thorities. News has been received that
in the western section of the republic
missionaries are subjected to many
outrages by fanatics.
The American Minister laid the mat
ter before the Foreign Office at Quito,
stating that according to the latest re
ports the American missionaries have
been threatened with general massacre.
The Archbishop has been enjoined by
the Minister of Public Worship to rep
rimand those who stirred the natives
to acts of violence.
SWEPT BY A CYCLONE.
NASHVILLE, Term., March 23.— The lit
tle town of Liberty, in De Kalb County, is
almost wiped off the map. A furious cy
clone swept over it last night, wrenching
trees from their roots and felling houses
in all directions. The Christian church,
a handsome brick structure, was blown to
pieces in the outset and people were
panic-stricken. The damage to property
is enormous, but no fatalities are re
ported.
POPE LEO
IS GROWING
MORE FEEBLE
Still He Persists in Ignoring
the Orders of His
Doctors.
TALK OF A CONCLAVE
Doubtful Whether His Holiness
Will Be Able to Hold the
Next Consistory.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
LONDON, March 24.—Ac
cording to the Rome correspon
dent of the Chronicle Dr. Lap
poni, the Pope's physician, has
been ill for two days. He is suf
fering from an attack of bron
chitis and will not resume his at
tendance upon the Pope until he
has fully recovered.
The correspondent further
states that the Pope ignores his
doctor's prescriptions and follows
his usual occupations, though he
is so feeble that it is doubtful if
he will be able to hold the next
Consistory. The question of a
Conclave is the subject of much
secret negotiation.
Wildes Succeeds Stunner.
WASHINGTON, March 2:?.— Orders were
issued to-day directing Captain Frank
Wildes, who was relieved from command
of the cruiser Boston in November, to re
port for duty at the New York navy yard
as captain of that yard. He will relieve
Rear Admiral G. W. Sumner, who has
heen placed on waiting orders. Captain
Wildes commanded the Boston during_the
war.
PRICE FIVE CE:NTS.
PERU ON
VERGE OF
REVOLUTION
Caceres Threatens to Attempt
the Overthrow of the
Government.
HE STARTS FOR LIMA
It Is Not Believed He Will Meet
With Success in the
Effort.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LIMA. Peru. March 23.— A dispatch
from Antofagrasta, Chile, pays that
General Caceres, former President of
j Peru, who recently arrived at Arlca,
where he threatened to attempt to
. overthrow the Peruvian Government at
the first opportunity, left Antofagasta
i to-day by a steamer bound north. He
ould have no chance of success. In
! the event of an endeavor to make
trouble for the Government.
Revolutionary movements are re
ported in the provinces of Colquechaca
I and Cochabama, Bolivia. It Is also
i announced that General Pando will
i soon attack the Unionists.
Guillermo Porras, brother of the Mln
-1 ister for Foreign Affairs, was killed
yesterday evening In a duel with art
! Ecuadorean in Campa Plata. The
tragedy has caused a deep sensation,
as the motive for the encounter was
frivolous. The seconds have been ar-
I rested. The deceased leaves a widow
\ and four children.
President Pierola was installed with
; great pomp to-day by the military and
! naval board, in accordance with the
| law lately passed by Congress.
Death of John Dillon.
WOODLAND, March 23.— John Dillon,
one of the oldest residents of the county
and at one time a prominent fruit grow
er, died at his home near this city last
night. He was a native of Ohio and 71
years of age. The funeral will be held
Saturday morning at 11 o'clock.2
MUNKACSY, FAMOUS
PAINTER, IS DYING
BERLIN, March 23.— Michael Mun
kacey, the famous Hungarian
painter, who has been secluded in
a hospital for the insane at Bonn
for more than two years, is dying.
Michael Munkacsy was born near
Munkacs, Hungary, October 10, 1844. He
has been virtually dead to the world
since the paralytic shock which in the
latter part of 1893 compelled him to
abandon all hope of ever working- at
his easel again. At that time he was
at Godesburg. For months he sat
brooding, until in an excess of mad
ness he suddenly attacked and nearly
strangled his attendant and his phy
sician. He was immediately removed
to an insane asylum, from which, on
its becoming obvious that his mental
condition was hopeless, he was removed
to the retreat where he is now passing
away the prime of his life.
His parents were poor, and before he
was 7 years old he was left an orphan
and given over to the charge of an
uncle at Osaba, who seems to have
treated him very harshly. It happened
that in the same village his sister was
quartered with an aunt, and the small
boy lived between the two houses. The
youngster was afterward apprenticed
to a tradesman.
In his autobiography, "The Early
Recollections of Munkacsy," which ap
peared in the latter part of 1897, after
he had lost his reason, he tells with the
most charming simplicity of those days
of apprenticeship, of heating glue and
grinding cheap paint. At 14 he was a
qualified workman and was sent by his
uncle into the world, with five florins in
his pocket. For two years he lived in
the town of Arad. Then, his heaith
weakened by wretchedness and lack of
food, he was compelled to return to
his uncle's house. Here the sight of
engravings set him copying them, and
the taste returned to him like a passion.
One day his uncle, chancing to look
over his shoulder at a drawing, said:
"You might possibly become a painter."
Shortly after this he entered the
studio of a German named Fischer,
where he met Szamossy, a painter of
some talent, who gave him an invita
tion to enter his studio. He accepted,
but not having other means to pay for
his instruction, insisted on being a kind
of domestic servant and man of all
work in Szamossy's house. In his "Rec
ollecions" he says proudly: "I was a
good one."
After eighteen months he felt strong
enough to strike nut for himself, and an
a very limited purchase of colors he be
gan to paint compositions with life
sized figures. His autobiography ends
with that incident.
IN ADDITION TO
UNCLE SAM'S NAVY
Gunboat BaracoaTowed
to Santiago.
0
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, March 23.— The
Navy Department is gratified to learn
that its representatives who have been
working for some time in the vicinity
of Santiago and Guantanamo have
succeeded in adding another vessel to
the American navy in the shape of the
gunboat Baracoa, which was reported
to have been towed into Santiago, as
Btated in the Associated Press Ills
patches from Santiago.
The Baracoa was one of the Spanish
gunboats sunk near Guantanamo. She
is a useful type of vessel and is larger
than the gunboats Sandoval and Al
varado, now at the Washington navy
yard.
The Baracoa is of steel, 114 feet nine
inches long, sixteen feet five inches
beam and 8 feet 2 inches draught.
Her displacement is 135 tons, and with
220 horse power she is able to make
ten knots. She carries one Hontoria
gun of- 3.5 inches, one of 2.5 Inches and
two machine guns. Probably she will
be ordered north as soon as she can
be made ready for the voyage, to be
thoroughly overhauled at one of the
navy yards.
The Navy Department is still waiting
to hear from the Swedish company
which has undertaken to raise the
Cristobal Colon. The project has not
been abandoned by any means. Ex
pert engineers in the employ of the
company visited the wreck and made
a careful study of the situation. Tht-y
returned to Sweden and, according to
their report, began the pr> r-paratkm of
exact estimates of the cost of raising
the ship. They entertain no doubt of
their ability to raise the ship.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Changes Made in Their Constitution
and Laws.
MEMPHIS, Term., March 23.— The con
vention of the "Woodmen of the World,
which has been in session in Memphis
for nearly two weeks, will adjourn sine
die at the morning session to-morrow.
It was after 3 o'clock to-day when the
camp concluded the final work on the
constitution and laws as a whole. This
was the real end to the business of the
meeting. There were probably over a
hundred changes recommended by the
committee on Taws for the constitution,
but a very large majority of them were
rejected. Probably the. most important
change that was made at the session to
day was as to State camps. It was de
cided that hereafter in any State in
which there are 10,000 members the order
can have a conventional camp with its
own officers.
On December 31 of this year the con
tract with Head Consul Frost of Atlan
ta, under which he has charge of all the
organization work under the jurisdiction
of tb« Southern Provisional Council, will
expire, and it will not be renewed. This
was decided to-day. It is claimed that
this will relieve the Southern camps of
what is considered a burden in the way
of conducting their business affairs.
THE MOUNT LOWE RAILWAY.
Some Bonds Thought to Be in the
Southern Pacific's Hands.
LOS ANGELES. March 23.— The sale of
the Mount Lowe Railway has brought to
light the fact that of the $500,000 in bonds
outstanding $100,000 are described as scat
tering. It is this fact, coupled with the
one that the Southern Pacific Railroad
posse?ses $25,000 of the bonds, that injects
an element ot mystery into the specula
tions concerning the future ownership of
the property. If these bonds have been
absorbed by the Southern Pacific a new
and unexpected element enters into the
sale on Tuesday next. It is positively
stated that the $125,000 in bonds have not
been deposited with capitalists, who have
been buying up all the holdings on the
market. Charles G. Singer, representing
the estate of H. M. Singer, has $115,500 of
Mount Lowe bonds, and Valentine Peyton
has the remainder of the $375 000 These
two interests are closely allied, but it is
declared positively that neither have any
affiliations with the Southern Pacific,
MICHAEL MUNKACSY.
In 1870 the young Hungarian arrived
in Paris, not knowing a word of French,
with a picture he carried to the Salon
with his own hands. It was the success
of the year, "The Last Day of a Con
demned Prisoner," and immediately es
tablished his reputation. This was fol
lowed by "The Night Prowlers," "The
Studio." "The Two Families," "Milton
Dictating 'Paradise Lost' to His Daugh
ters," "Christ Before Pilate," "Christ
on Calvary" and "The Last Moments
IDENTIFICATION
IS IMPOSSIBLE
Nine Charred Remains
From the Windsor.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 23.— Nineteen
dead and thirty-four missing is the rec
ord so far for the Windsor Hotel fire
Friday last. One more body was found
to-day. This brings the list of unknown
dead to nine. The fragments were dug
up about twenty feet west of the annex
on the Forty-seventh street side, in a
part of the ruins where no other bodies
or bones have been found. The remains
consist simply of a portion of a spinal
column with some of the ribs attached,
a piece of the skull and some small
bones and charred flesh. The remains
were taken to the Morgue and num
bered "Body No. 9." '
Identification in this case, as in the
large majority of the other bodies at
the Morgue, will be impossible. It is
not likely that any of the bodies yet to
be found will be recognizable.
The work of clearing away the debris
proceeds slowly. The great mound of
debris in Fifth avenue seems to grow
larger each day, though it was said to
day that fifty carts were engaged in
hauling it away. Many persons called
at the Morgue and the East Fifty-first
street station to-day, the former in the
hope of identifying some of the bodies*,
and the latter, mostly women, to claim
lost articles to preserve as keepsakes
The search continues to reveal small
articles of personal property.
DISCUSSION" OF METHODS
EMPLOYED IN SCHOOLS
Some Most Interesting Subjects Con
sidered at the Session of the
Teachers' Institute.
SAN RAFAEL, March 23.— Discussion
of the methods employed In the Alameda |
public schools was resumed Jt to-day's '
f-ession of the Teachers' Instlute. Mis?
Kathryn Stone, Instructor T. L.. Heaton,
and Professor E. P. Cubberly of Stanford
University also enlivened the morning ses
sion by discoursing on various subjects of
Interest to the educational fraternity.
Miss Stone exemplified the methods em
ployed by her in teaching music to the
pupils of" the Alameda schools, while In
structor Heaton spoke on the theme of
daily programmes in rural schools and
school hygeine.
Professor Cubberly explained at length
I why some teachers fail. He said every
year the State gTants one-third a3 many
! certificates to teach as there are posi
-1 tions- In other words, that every three
'■ years enough certificates are issued to
'■ supply a teacher for every available po-
I sition in the State. In common with the
I other professions the supply is far great
er than the demand. This naturally
! causes discouragement and consequent
I failure.
In the afternoon the lecturer spoke on
. "The Social Aspects of Education," a sub
i ject in which all present took a keen in
terest.
REDUCED RATES TO DAWSON.
The Tariff Cut in Two by the Forma
tion of a Combination.
SEATTLE. March 23.— Rates to Dawson
! City have been cut In two by the forma
j tion of a transportation combination, in
cluding various steamers running between
! Seattle and Skaguay, the White Pass and
Yukon Railway and the steamers on
Luke Bennett and the Upper Yukon.
Rates to take effect with the opening of
navigation on the lakes are announced as
j follows: $162 per ton for freight of all
I kinds; first-class passenger passage, $100;
! second-class, $80.
In case of a rate war between the up
! river steamers the freight rate will go
: down to $140 a ton. The schedule time as
! arranged is about eight days from Seattle
i to Dawson.
m
Will Remain in Prison.
INDIANAPOLIS. March 23.— Governor
i Mount, after a consultation with those
''■ who had asked for the parole of Mrs. Au
! gusta Schmidt, the prisoner who refused
! the parole after it had been granted her,
has revoked his decision and Mrs.
Schmidt will remain In the Woman's Pris-
I on. She said she would not leave prison
unless she was declared innocent by those
I who convicted her of murder.
THE SAJS" r KAN CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 24, 1899.
of Mozart."
One of his great paintings, "Christ
Before Pilate," was purchased by John
Wanamaker of Philadelphia, after it
had been on exhibition in this country
for some weeks.
Another of his best known works is
the "Ecce Homo." It was first shown
at Budapest during the fetes in May
and June of 1596, when the Hungarian
nation attained its tenth century as an
independent state.
LEON STRAUSS
HORSEWHIPPED
The Lash Applied by an
Insulted Domestic.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, March 23.— Leo-n Strauss,
the young attorney who was horse
whipped a few evenings ago by Lucinda
Small, a comely domestic, is rankled
over his humiliation, and proposes to
even up the score by prosecuting the
girl and her two male companions.
Strauss has always posed as a lady
killer, and more than once he has fig
ured in mild sensations.
When he insulted Miss Small, as she
alleges, the girl at once sought two gen
tlemen friends, William Miller and
George Martin. She demanded venge- j
ance and disclosed her plan of horse
whipping Strauss. She asked their aid.
Miller and Martin consented, and the
next evening the three waited for their
victim at the corner of Ninth and Ju
lian streets. Strauss came along about
10:30, and the two men caught him and
told him he must either submit to being
horsewhipped by Miss Small or take a
good licking at their hands.
Strauss was gallant even under these
circumstances, especially when he saw
that Miller and Martin meant business.
He removed his coat and hat and said
he was ready. Miss Small plied her
whip lightly at first, but, encouraged by
her male companions, she Increased her
welts. Her victim winced and groaned j
and pleaded for mercy. The whip broke,
however, and the young lawyer was
told to dress and go, with a warning j
to- behave toward young ladies in the ;
future. Strauss broke and ran for his j
home, which is in the vicinity, without
waiting to don his garments.
The story leaked out a few days ago.
Strauss is known to everybody, and he
is reaping great notoriety over the es
capade. Strauss denies the story as a
whole. He admits having trouble with
i ». T lßs Small, Miller and Martin, which
ended in a fight, but says he was not
horsewhipped by the girl. Now he pro
poses to have all three arrested for bat
tery, and the trial will probably bring
out some interesting details.
TO OPEN NEGOTIATIONS.
New Italian Minister Will Look After
San Mun Bay.
ROME, March 23.— Marquis Salviago
Raggi, who succeeds Signor Martino as
Italian Minister to China, Is expected to
reach Peking about the end of the month.
He will open negotiations with the Tsung
li Yamen concerning Italy's request for a
concession at San Mun Bay.
PEKING, March 23.— Sir Claude Mac-
Donald, the British Minister, who Is leav
ing for England for a brief rest, started
to-day for Wei-Hai-Wei, the British fort
ified port on the Shantung Peninsula. In
his absence the First Secretary of the
British Legation, H. G. O. Bax-Ironside,
will be in charge of British interests
here.
Fight Against the Oil Trust.
COLUMBUS, Ohio. March 23.— Attorney
General Monnett returned from New
York to-day. He feels confident that he
will be able to show the Supreme Court
that the Standard Oil Company has not
complied with the court's orders. Refer
ring to the open letter from the Standard
Oil Company, calling on him to produce
the name of the man who he alleges
tried to bribe him, he says that he will
produce the name of the man in his own
time and in his way. While no plan has
been perfected yet, the advisability of
asking the Supreme Court to make a
thorough investigation has been under
consideration.
As to Newfoundland.
LONDON. March 23.— The Standard this
morning makes the following announce
ment: "We understand that the negotia
tions between Great Britain and France
regarding Newfoundland promise a sat
isfactory settlement, France being willing
to surrender her shore rights there If ade
quately compensated."
German Battleship Aground.
BERLIN, March 23.— The German bat
tle-ship Oldenburg broke her anchor and
went aground near Kiel to-day during a
.heavy snowstorm.
FILIPINO MAIL
IS INTERCEPTED
Letters Reveal Methods
of Aguinaldo's Men.
HARD PRESSED FOR MONEY
TROOPS CLAMOR IN VAIN FOR
COMPENSATION.
One Epistle From the So-Called Secre
tary of the Treasury Pleads for
Coin to Pay a Native
Battalion.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"WASHINGTON, March 23.— The cap
ture of CaJoocan, in the Philippine Isl
and of Luzon, by the United States
forces recently, resulted in the confisca
tion of considerable mail addressed to
the insurgent Government. It includes
a number of letters of Aguinaldo and
other leaders, and brings out some in
teresting facts about the Filipino official
NOW DON CARLOS
IS VACILLATING
His Weakoess Is Likely to Deprive
His Party of All Starring
ir) SpaiQ.
LONDON, March 24.— The Madrid correspondent of the Standard says
that Don Carlos, the pretender, has perplexed his » dh f rents *£*,„:
patch in which he allows them to go to the polls at the forthcoming
Parliamentary elections, if they so desire but explains that _he does not
wish the Carllsts to be represented officially in the next Cortes.
The general opinion in the political world, says the correspondent
is that the dissensions in the Carllsts' ranks and the irresolution of the
pretender really deprive the party of all importance.
methods. Postal Agent Vallle at Man
ila has forwarded some of this mail to
acting Postmaster General Heath.
One letter is addressed to Aguinaldo's
so-called Secretary of the Treasury,
and is in reply to a request for money.
The writer is apparently the fiscal of
ficer at Lucona, Luzon, to whom the
insurgents had entrusted the duty of
"squeezing" the merchants, and he had
apparently confiscated for the insurgent
cause a lot of cocoa fiber belonging to a
tobacco company. When asked to turn
over the proceeds the agent remarks
that only $3500 had come into his hands,
and that amount he had paid to the
troops, who were clamorous for more. |
The letter is written in very, fair Span- ,
1S Apparently Aguinaldo's treasury of
ficials are running short of paper, for
the outer covering of the letter is made ;
of a sheet of paper, written all over ;
! torn out of a record book, and it as
tied about with a fragment of Mania
bagging. A translation of the letter
! follows: I
No 35 This Government is in receipt or j
disDatch No 6 from the Treasury De
panment. under your worthy control, re
sa"e of thl copra (cocoanut fiber) of the
CompaniaCabacalera (tobac^ company)
BSSSSraSs
fflWßt
from the provincial Governor at Anti
polo, addressed to A&uina do a Seer -
tarv of the Interior, in apol
ogizes for not being present at Mala
losat the promulgation of the.:™ftu
tion, assigning as a reason that the tel
e Sam commanding his presence.
hCh da?ed January 21 only reached
i him January 23. two days late. To atone
?orhis action he says he ordered all the
local municipal Presidents to get up
demonstrations and cry Long live Fili
pino independence and down with an
nexation >P This is signed by Governor
Jose Elrose, Governor of Antipolo.
Some intercepted letters to A«ulnaUlo
himself have also come into- the posses
sion of the Postofflce Department.
AGUINALDO'S TACTICS
TO KEEP UP FIGHTING
NEW YORK, March 23.— A special
cable to the Journal from Manila says:
Francesco Valencia, the insurgent gov
ernor of the province of Cavlte, escaped
into the American lines to-day and
came to Manila, where he presented
himself to General Otis. He gave the
American military governor all the in
formation he possessed .regarding the
insurgent forces, and told remarkable
stories of crueity and deception prac
ticed by Aguinaldo and his associate
leaders upon unfortunate natives to
keep up the insurrection.
There are, according to Governor Va
lencia, between 20,000 and 80,000 insur
gents, armed with Mausers and Rem
ingtons between Manila and Malolos.
The insurgents are expected to make a
desperate fight at Malolos.
A special cable to the World from
Manila says there are Indications on
every hand that General Otis has de
termined to crush the rebellion at once,
and it is believed a move against the
insurgents will be made Friday The
American troops are being hurried into
position, and armed tugs have been so
disposed along the river as to command
all the vulnerable points in the Ameri
can lines.
CASUALTIES AS
REPORTED BY OTIS
WASHINGTON, March 23.— General
Otiß to-day reported to the War De
partment the following casualties:
March 16, near San Pedro Macate—
Wounded: First Idaho, Company H. C. A.
Benedict, forearm. March 21, near Mari
auina wounded: First Colorado. Company
E Artificer Archie A. Aldrich, armpit,
moderate. March 16, at Jaro, Panay—Kill
ed-Eighteenth Infantry, Company B, Pri
vate Louis Biehl; wounded, Eighteenth
Infantry, Company B, Joseph Daly,
thigh; Theodore Burr, chest; Preston
Savage, forearm; William Bruschke,
KILLING ALL THE
REBELS CAPTURED
Insurgents Show Themselves Uq
deserving of Mercy at thehjaods
of American Troops.
+ Startling information, confirming what has only been hinted at in
V cable advices, comes from a regular soldier, who has been engaged In
0 the battles with the insurgents of the Philippine Islands. It was con
± tamed in a letter written by Milton Sichel of the Fourteenth Infantry
Tto his mother, who resides at 1757 Howard street. The letter is brief
© and was evidently written in great haste so as to catch the mail boat
X leaving Manila. It is as follows:
+ PENIDO Philippine Islands, on the battlefield, fifteen miles from Manila,
0 February 10. 1899
X Dear Mother: I was in the thickest part of the battle with the insur
® gents. One bullet knocked my hat off. It seemed to me that at least 3000
"*" bullets whizzed past my head, but I escaped uninjured. It was the luckiest
® thing in a lifetime. The boys of the Fourteenth did good work in this neigh
-1 borhood.
T We are burning all the houses on the battlefield and killing all the in
-I*4 Burgents we capture. The natives have repeatedly shown themselves unde
nt serving of mercy or consideration of any kind. Don't worry about me, as
q I am in the best of health and spirits.
+ We captured two German vessels landing arms for the insurgents. The
O chances are that we will have to fight them next. We have been on the
♦ battlefield for a week now. Your loving son, MILTON.
© *e+o+ o♦cho ♦o ♦ o+o+o+o+o>o<kh©+ o♦ o+ o ♦ o ♦ Q+o+o+o+a
chest; Company L, Tax Hprme, forearm;
Company C Joseph McCrearv, hand.
ffim'Lohman, thigh ; John E\ Rogers,
thigh; William Bixman, leg.^ompany H,
Riley Callaghan, scalp; William K.
Rhodenburger, hand- Company K. Wil
liam Marwood, leg; Company B, \\ i.liam
Buster, leg; Company I, Corporal Charles
E. Bates-foot. First California Com
pany L, Private T. A. Marlowe, shouider.
DETAILS OF THE
FIGHTING AT ILOILO
MANILA, March 23.— Details of the
fighting at Iloilo on March 16 show that
400 rebel riflemen from Pania were met
by seven companies of the Eighteenth
Regiment of United States Infantry
and a battalion of the Tennessee olun
' teers As supports, these troops had
three two-inch Hotchkiss guns under
General Miller north of Jaro, across the
! river. The Americans were met with a
; heavy fire. One American was killed
' and fifteen were wounded of the Eight
eenth, and there were several cases of
sunstroke. General Miller estimates
that fifty rebels were killed and 100
! wounded.
COLD WEATHER IN
THE OLD WORLD
LONDON. March 23— Exceptionally cold
weather continues throughout England,
varying from 10 to 20 degree of frost.
There have been heavy falls of snow in
the north and several deaths from ex
posure are reported. Similar weather pre
t^SSVA^M i. suffering
from the scourge of influenza, The
deaths during the last seven days ha\e
been 238 above the average.
BERLIN, March 23.— The influenza is
raging here and the death rate is heavy.
New Church for Dr. Thomson.
LOS ANGELES, March 23.— Friends of
Dr. J P. Thomson met to-night and
formed a new Unitarian church, but did
not decide whether the organization
would come under the rules of the Uni
tarian Association. The name will be left
with Thompson, as he has expressed that
"the sermon on the mount" was doctrine
and creed enough for him. Thomson says
he will return on condition of a two years
call and a church centrally located. The
doctor's present pastorate in Chicago con
tinues until June. The salary will be
$4000 a year. The pledges to-night insure
the call of Thomson, who is popular here.
Held for the Sheriff.
WOODLAND. March 23.— Fred Wilson,
arrested here last Sunday on suspicion
that he is one of a band of highwaymen
who recently robbed a stage in Amador.
is still held here on a warrant sent down
by Sheriff Gregory, who has not yet been
able to come down and identify the pris
oner, because he is detained as a witness
in Amador County.
On the Panama Canal.
PANAMA. March 23.— There is great ac
tivity in canal circles here. Work on the
isthmus is still progressing, but with a
comparatively small force. Agents of the
company will leave to-morrow for Ja
maica to endeavor to arrange a Govern
ment contract for more laciorers. High
hopes are entertained that Americans will
take the canal over.
Native Sons' Delegates.
SANTA CRUZ. March 23.— Santa Cruz
Parlor No. 90 has elected the following
delegates to the grand parlor, to be held
at Salinas: R. H. Pringle. Benjamin K.
Knight. Milton Besse; alternates, Her
bert Bias, Ralph Thompson. W. I. New
man. They will go to Salinas with a de
termination to have the Admission Day
celebration held In Santa Cruz.
Derailed on a Sidetrack.
WOODLAND. March 23.— The engine of
the north-bound freight train No. 21 was
derailed on a ekletrack at Blacks this
morning and delayed several hours. The
main line was blocked until the arrival
of the north-bound passenger train,
which switched the freight from the
main line.
Death of a Woman Pioneer.
SANTA ROSA. March 23.— Mrs. J. E.
Mclntoah, one of the oldest white settlers
in this State, is dead at her home in For
estvllle. In an emigrant train she crossed
the plains and arrived in California in
M She has resided in Sonoma County
nearly half a century. She was well
known and the wife of an old pioneer. She
was a native of New York State.
•'Young Griffo" Is Insane.
CHICAGO, March 23.— Albert Griffith,
the Australian pugilist, known as "Young
Griffo," was declared insane to-day by a
Jury of physicians. He was sent to Jef
ferson Asylum. Little hope for his re
covery is entertained.
Oldest Bachelor Dead.
NEW YORK, March 23.— John Butter.
Bald to be the oldest bachelor In the
United States, is dead at Huntington.
Long Island, in his one hundred and first
year.
DESIRELLO IS
NOW REPENTANT
Sorry That He Killed an
Innocent Boy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY, March 23.—Dis
trict Attorney Bullock to-day filed a
complaint against Fred Desirello.
charging him with the murder of
James Johnston. The complaint is
sworn to by Peter Johnston, the father
of the dead boy. Desirello was taken
before Justice of the Peace James Han
non this afternoon and arraigned.
Mr. Walker, one of the attorneys for
the defense, was present at the ar
raignment, the other attorney. E. F.
Fitzpatrick, being absent. The effect
of the nervous strain under which the
defendant has been laboring was no
ticeable as he appeared before the com
mitting magistrate to-day. Though
outwardly calm, yet, after the court
had been called to order and when he
was asked his name by the Justice,
there was a tremor in his voice which
he could not control. He gave his full
name as Frederick Ferdinand Wallace
Desirello.
After reading the complaint the Jus
tice informed him of his right to have
counsel in all stages of the proceed
ings, and inquired if he had as yet re
tained or consulted counsel, to which
he replied that he had procured the
services of Fitzpatrick & Walker.
It was suggested by the District At
torney that the preliminary examina
tion be held at as early a date as pos
sible, in view of the fact that a jury
would soon be called in the Superior
Court and an early trial could be pro
cured. The defendant desired to con
sult with his counsel before fixing the
time of hearing, but it was understood
that possibly it would be agreed to
hold the examination on Monday next.
Just what will be the defense cannot
now be learned, but from the defend
ant's version of the affair it would
seem to be accidental killing. It was
rumored here to-day that the defense
would be insanity. Desirello seems to
feel his position keenly and expresses
regret at the shooting.
ROTHSCHILDS WILL
NOT OPEN A BANK
NEW YORK, March 23.— A representa
tive of J. Pierpont Morgan & Co. to-day
characterized as absurd the dispatch from
San Francisco stating that the firm was
about to open a bank there, "We will not
dignify the report by, discussing it," said
he.
August Belmont & Co., who represent
the Messrs. Rothschilds, when asked
about the truth of the dispatch from San
Francisco to the effect that the house
was to establish a bank In that city
which was to handle large mining and su
gar interests, replied that the statement
was nonsense. The firm did not care to
have anything printed about .the matter
at present, but one of Its representatives
repeated the statement that the dispatch
was nothing but nonsense.
Charles Lanere of Wlnslow, Lanere &
Co. said he knew nothing about the re
ported bank, and it was Stated at the of
fices of Brown Bros. & Co. that John
Crosby Brown had gone to California,
but on pleasure only.
Building Trades Council.
At the meeting of the Building Trades
Council last night a letter was received
from R. P. Doolan. requesting the council
to appoint a committee to work in con
junction with the committee which has
in hand the exposition in 1901. It was
conceded that the workingmen should be
properly represented, so P. H. McCarthy,
E. J. Brandon and E. L. Malsbary were
appointed. They were instructed to
watch closely for the interests of organ
ized labor.
It was reported that non-union men are
working at the repapering and repainting
of Pythian Castle, and P. H. McCarthy,
C. W. Doyle and William Page were ap
pointed a committee to investigate the
matter. The committee on the marble
cutters' strike reported that a satisfac
tory agreement had been entered into be
tween employers and employes, and the
men are now back at work.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
|H | Old Age Cured!
<!r' » v W Any Wfl man can »«ake himself ten years
J? * \ VI younger by using my Electric Belt. It pours
_^r \ VI youth into the veins, warms the blood and
S*~^.- •>. M gives snap to the nervous system. If you are
I growing old too soon it will revive you in a
l *"^^\ Feels Ten Years Younger.
\ * ) ( a DR. MCLAUGHLIN: 1 I have been wearing
R 3 ~»ZZ :■& -J your belt about three months, and am well
f. -*0k \ J % satisfied with the result. I feel at least ten
V*. f^ \ Vv»*3n % ?'. caM oun er than I rtid before I began with
1,- 3-..., -W ■\» V-sjßf V ■•%' l.^S ? would adv e any one who feels the
fevj^ywAV /ft^v^^L=A Vl^ tired feeling which age brinss to trj- one of
Illlrapiir*- ,( f lt(^^fflt «|j >t>ur belts. Yours truly._ S. M. BOOKER.
-Jl \ ¥/ "Three Ciasses'of'Mon." Vs fVm'of
imßggSSEeKgaT>V.^^!^g^^g«^ .-,»» evidence showing what a great remedy my
TSJSp^S^Wi^'-^^^^^^^^^tm treatment is for weak men, young or old. "i
*•* {lT_" ■ T ; v ' 4dHB»Vr SPnfl r u - cloBely sealed, free, upon request. Call
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin, send for my book>
TO2 Market St.. cor. Kenrny. 8. P. " T MREE CLASSES O. ME* «
Or 204% South Broadway, Lo« Angeles. . CLASSES OP MEW,"
SHERMAN SAYS
HE IS BETTER
Wants to Reach a Cooler
Climate.
HIS DOCTORS ARE HOPEFUL
CHICAGO READY FOR THE
STATESMAN.
He Will Be Put on Board the Cruiser
To-Day and Start at Once
for the United
States.
c r>eelal Table to Tho CaH and th» N>w York
"Herald. Copyrighted. 1599, by James Gor
don Bennett. _____
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, March 23 —
Former Secretary of State Sherman
felt better all day to-day than before
during his illness. He saw few peo
ple this afternoon.
He said to me:
"I shall feel stronger, I am sure, if
I can get into cooler weather in a few
days."
Mr. Sherman appeared cheerful and
hopeful although weak. The doctors
say he is improving. The Chicago Is
expected here early to-morrow morn
ing. If she does not arrive before tha
departure of the Paris, she will inert
the liner at Cienfuegos. The anxiety
of Mr. Sherman's relatives on the Paris
is virtually at an end.
The party of tourists on board the
Paris has made the most of the day.
visiting every accessible spot crowd
ing the battlefields, buying relics and
even paying fabulous prices for ma
chetes that have been shipped from the
United States since the war parlous
excursions have been taken during the
day, one to San Luis, another to Morro
Castle and a third to view the wrecks
of the destroyed cruisers of Admiral
Cervera's squadron, the Vizcaya and
Almirante Oquendo.
To-night a banquet and ball to citi
zens of Santiago will be given by the
tourists and the Paris will leave in the
morning about S o'clock.
The United States transport Crook,
formerly the Roumanian, her colors
half mast, with her mournful cargo of
dead heroes, the remains of those who
were killed or have died at Santiago
and in Porto Rico, steamed slowly out
of the harbor this afternoon. She car
ries among her passengers Brigadier
General Ewers and family. Captain
Carnahan and wife and Lieutenant
Fraser and wife.
CAIMANERA, March 23.— The cruis
er Chicago will sail at midnight to
night to take on board former Secre
tary of State Sherman from the Fans.
Admiral Sampson entertained a party
with British Consul Brooks on board
the flagship yesterday. There was an
inspection of the Indiana to-day. The
Detroit arrived this morning. The
Supply, with all the invalids, may sail
for the north on Sunday.
PACIFIC'S ANNIVERSARY.
A Lodge of Odd Fellows Celebrates
Its Thirtieth Year.
Prospect Hall In the Odd Fellows"
building was crowded last night with the
membership of Pacific Lodge No. 185.
I. O. O. F., and invited friends, who as
sembled to celebrate the thirtieth anni
versary of the institution of the lodge.
There was presented a fine programme
of entertainment, which included an ad
dress by John Stevenson, the noble grand;
vocal selections by L. R. Beban, Mrs.
Lillian Spraguo Copping, Charles Em
merson. Miss Emily M. Spencer, Miss
Linda Pritchard and E. T. Hewitt: mu
sical selections by Professor Ade.stem,
the Misses Leale and Professor Graber'3
Mandolin and Guitar Club; recitations by
Miss Pearl Tupper and Lillis George
Brann - an eloquent address by Rev. Jacob
Nieto and remarks by J. N. Young. Thou
followed a dance and the serving of re
freshments.
The affair, which proved to be a very
enjoyable one, was under the direction of
John Stevenson. N. G.; F. L. Turpie, \.
G • John H. Gilmore. James D. Davis.
John Thompson. A. D. McLean and Jo
seph Winterburn.
SUSPECTED OF BURGLARY.
Harry Kawata, a Japanese, Arrested
on Suspicion of Breaking Into
Kapp & Street's Saloon.
Harry Kawata, a Japanese who until a
few days ago was employed as a porter
In Kapp & Street's saloon, Market street,
near Golden Gate avenue, Is in '-the
tanks" on suspicion of committing a
burglary in the saloon early last Tues
day morning.
Entrance had been effected by break
ing the glass in the door at the Golden
Gate avenue entrance and forcing back
the bolt. A sum of $23 75 was stolen and
suspicion fell upon Kawata. as he alone
knew, outside of the bartenders and pro
prietors, where the money was kept, and
the keys.
Detective Anthony was put on the case
and he arrested Kawata in Spofford
alley, Chinatown, Wednesday night. He
is an inveterate gambler and spent all
his spare time gambling in Chinatown.
He lives at 456 Jessie street and had not
been home since the burglary.
Low Bow's Hard Luck.
Low Bow, a Chinese merchant of Vlsa
lia, was arrested in Chinatown Tuesday
while searching for Hong San with a re
volver and dirk knife to kill him for run
ning away with his wife. Fung Lee. and
was yesterday fined $100 by Judge Mogan.
with the alternative of 100 days in the
County Jail, for carrying concealed weap
ons. Hong San and Mrs. Low Bow are
supposed to be hiding In Chinatown.
Demanded a Jury.
When the case of "White Hat" Me-
Carty. charged with cruelty to his horses,
was called in Judge Graham's court yes
terday Colonel Kowalsky. on his behalf,
demanded a trial by jury. The case was
continued till March 29 for trial.ADMIRAL KAUTZ
UPHOLDS JUSTICE
CHAMBERS' STAND
While Investigations Continue,
However, the Samoan Dead
lock Is Not Broken.
WASHINGTON. March 23.— The Ger
man Embassador, Dr. yon Holleben,
called at the State Department to-day
to further confer with the officials con
cerning the Samoan situation. The
Berlin authorities have communicated
very freely on the subject within the
last few days, and as a result of ex
tended dispatches from the Berlin For-
eign Office, the Embassador has pre
sented a long note covering the latest
phases of the case. It is understood
that the German advices confirm the
arrival of Admiral Kautz and the con
voking by him of a meeting of all the
officials on the 11th lnst. But they do
not show what resulted from the meet
ing.
Ail their reports are silent thus far
on this point, but the German view is
evidently one of apprehension lest se
rious results may grow out of the meet-
Ing, in which event the German view is
that the responsibilities should be borne
by those bringing about the meeting.
Further than this, questions are aris
ing as to the extent of authority of the
British and American Consuls, acting
together, to do anything without the
irrence of Consul Rose of Ger
many. The German view evidently
holds that the Berlin treaty requires
the three Consuls to act unanimously,
and nut through a majority.
ther question is as to the right
of the naval commander to take any
political action. The Berlin treaty
would limit the rights of naval com
manders within very narrow limits in
their views, leaving them simply to
execute what the three consuls by
unanimous agreement determine upon.
These are the main points engaging
attention and in view of the questions
Involved news of Admiral Kautz's ac
tion following the meeting on the 11th
instant is awaited with much interest
and not a little concern.
Admiral Kautz has sustained fuhy
the actions of the Chief Justice of Sa
moa so far as his investigations have
Ever since the first news of the
emute at Apia last January- the Depart
ment the German and the
.ments have been sepa
rate y pursuing investigations into the
id it was in pursuance of our
branch of the inquiry that Admiral
Kuu:z was sent to Apia. It is not un
SILVER AGAINST
GOLD DEMOCRATS
Pingree Trains With
Neither Lot.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LANSING. Mich., March 23.— Gover- I
nor Pingree to-day stated that, con
trary to reports from New York, he
•was "not going to attend the silver Dem
ocratic banquet to be held there on
April 19. He said he had not as yet
received an invitation, adding: "I
never looked for an invitation from
those fellows, either."
BIRMINGHAM. Ala.. March 23.— U.
J. Bryan spent the day. in Birmingham
and was given an enthusiastic recep
tion. Not only the citizens of Birming
ham but many from neighboring cit
ies and towns came to hear the great
leader on the current Issues of the
"What the Lord's supper is to the
Christian, so a Jefferson banauet is to
the Democrat. Just as a good Chris
tian would revolt at having the sacra-
Sent administered by an infidel, so a
good Democrat objects to having a
j*ffer«on banquet, presided o\er b>
P^rrVßelrnont." was the epigrammati
eai manner in which Mr. Bryan re
fSre™ to the much-talked-of ban
miet which Mr. Belmont and his
?olloVersare to give in New York next
™ThS' morning Mr. Bryan was taken
or a special train over the Birrmne
£~m district and he enjoyed greatly
life sfesss^ags
prised an audience of over 4000. He
cjoke for exactly three hours and was
given marked attention.
TELLER CHEATING DISCORD.
Perry Belmont Beplies to the Col
orado Senator's Criticism.
VFW YORK. March 23.— Perry Bel-
Senator Teller of Colorado was quoted as
Senator j.e»c b rs of the Democratic
n fre 33£blk£M masquerading under
allied Mr 1 BrVn-uJholdkg with him
■ 3gggs£f
Democratic party.
MRS. BLACK OF LEEDS
COMMITTED SUICIDE
Had Lived With a Man Named
Mitchell, but Leaves a Husband
and Children in England.
LOS ANGELES. March 23.— Mrs. Mar
tin Black of Leeds, England, who died in
Jhe!u"fan Hotel. Long Beach, at 9:30 last
nicht was a suicide through stromonlum
.Iff administered. Mrs. Black registered
at Long Beach three days ago. and ar
%Hr L Vil^rhe^ weeks ago. this
ri £?roner^ol&nd held an inquest this
Yon the verdict being the woman
f^e to her death from self-administered
rniW The principal witness before the
-•as oirard Mitchell, who Is a man
without any business, He said he met
*Ir*° Black in Texas many months ago
anri that hp preceded her to Los Angeles.
* their residence here they lived as
mar and wife Mitchell admitted that
to have been married, but that
..'en circumstance had arisen £
crevent it In one of the letters from
M^tcneU it is admitted that their relations
have been discovered and that they must
plan to overcome suspicion and the JJ rath
that is impending from source- that are
now unknown. In another letter Mitchell
gays, "I nope Black will do the agreeable
thing and die soon that we may marry
and live as we choose." the undertaker
The body is still with the undertaker
and no arrangement has been made for
its burial. Mrs. Black leaves a husband
and two children in England, who are ap
parently ignorant of her whereabouts.
.Among her belongings were found $100 m
bills, a 20-dollar gold piece, a small satchel
and some letters.
derstood that the investigation Is com
plete so far as he is concerned, but, at
the point where he stands, he has felt
obliged to sustain the conclusions al
ready reached by the United States
Consul. Luther Osbdrn, and the Chief
Justice himself. It also appears that
these conclusions are in exact accord
with those reached by the British naval
commander, Captain Sturdy, of the
Porpoise, who was present at Apia
during the outbreak, and of Mr. Maxse.
the British Consul at Apia, also a par
"Thus^there is an array of four wit
ness combined in their testimony,
while opposed to them is the German
Consul, Dr. Rose. ■„_«.♦«.
The German Government, as Is gath
ered from the Berlin advices, is dis
posed to stand firmly in support of its
representative, although it has been
intimated to it that by his retirement
it would facilitate a speedy adjust
ment of the complications in Samoa. It
is manifestly impossible for the Lnited
States to discredit its representative,
the Clvef Justice, or for the British
ernment to discredit Mr. Maxse, in
view of the weight of the testimony in
their favor, so that a practical deadlock
has been reached, bo far as this matter
of changing th^ representation of the
three powers at Apia is concerned.
Our Government knows nothing as
vet of the reported combined protest
of the German citizens of Samoa
against Chambers. If the German Gov
ernment cares to proceed to that length,
it can under the treaty of Berlin, re
quest the United States to withdraw
him But, in accordance with the priv
ileges of the treaty, if the United States
does not care to accede to this request,
hambers would continue in office
unless the German Government man
ages"to' secure the approval of their
application by the British Government.
In view of the facts above stated, this
is not likely to be had.
These conditions lead to the belief
that there is some danger of the re
pudiation of the treaty of Berlin, and
in the present temper of the parties it
would not be surprising If this hap
pened without an attempt on their part
to replace it. although it is. of course,
believed that even in that event some
manner of modus vlvendi will be pro
vided to prevent another such clash be
tween the conflicting interests as hap
pened ten years ago, resulting in the
treaty of Berlin.
WILL CLEAN UP
TWENTY MILLIONS
Riches in Sight for a
Syndicate.
Special Dispatch to Th» CalL
TACOMA. Wash., March 23.— The Mc-
Donald Bonanza Klondike Syndicate,
the new corporation formed In London
to work out six claims on Bonanza and
Skookum creeks formerly owned by
Alexander McDonald and Henry Fer
guson, is expected to make $20,000,000
profit during the next few years.
McDonald and Ferguson arrived here
to-night. They have purchased six
carloads of boilers, pumps and other
hydraulic machinery in London and
San Francisco. This plant will be
shipped to Skagway next week and
hurried over "White Pass and as far as
possible on the ice. It will reach Daw
son in May, and by June will be in op
eration. To facilitate the transportation
over the passes the entire plant has
been put up in packages weighing 200
to 250 pounds each. One part of the
machinery alone will do the work of
400 men.
Sixteen mechanics are being taken
along, headed by G. T. Coffee, a mining
engineer of California, who spent a part
of last summer at Dawson in the inter
ests of the London syndicate, which
was then a prospective purchaser o-f the
claims now to be worked. Steam pumps
will supply the force, and streams of
water will be directed with terrific force
against the frozen earth and gravel.
Twenty-four horses have been pur
chased to haul the machinery when
water transportation gives out. The
transportatic-n will be under the per
sonal supervision of Ferguson, while
McDonald will hurry in over the ice,
starting next week, to take charge of
his millions at the spring cleanups.
It will take several years to sluice out
the six claims transferred to the Lon
don corporation, which are believed to
be the richest ciaims in the Klondike
district. They are claims No. 1, 2, 3, <
and 8 on Skookum Gulch and claim No.
2 above on Bonanza Creek. The latter
claim was purchased about a year ago
by McDonald and Ferguson for $125,
--000. Within a month thereafter they
had taken out $135,000. Ferguson esti
mates this claim will produce $5,000,000.
Claims 1. 2 and 3 on Skookum are
scarcely less rich, and it is here that the
hydraulic machinery will first be placed
In operation. Wood is plentiful on
Skookum Gulch, and the only possible
trouble foreseen is that water may be
scarce at certain seasons. Flumes will
be built if necessary to supply this
need.
The McDonald Bonanza Klondike
Corporation is composed of some of
London's richest men, including Mr.
McKUlop, M. P., who is chairman of Its
Board of Directors. His son will ac
company Ferguson to the interior. Fer
guson went to London with the expec
tation of celling out his interests and
retiring from Klondike mining. The
syndicate refused, however, to accede
to his request, believing that his inti
mate knowledge of the Klondike coun
try' was indispensable to the successful
consummation of its plans. McDonald
and Ferguson left their wives In the
East. The former's bride will go to
Dawson In June via St. Michael, and
come out with her husband next fall.
McDonald has reports from his part
ners at Dawson dated late In January.
These state that the claims on Domin
ion Creek between the two discoveries
were turning out as well as the average
El Dorado claims. Two miles of Sul
phur Creek below discovery were also
proving rich. At that time no laymen
had thrown up their work. McDonald
believes the development of the Yukon
gold fields has scarcely begun.
Invited to Woodland.
WOODLAND. March 23.— Delegates
from Cordia Lodge No. 3Q. O. D. H. S.,
to the Grand Lodge, which meets .in
Napa in May, have been Instructed to
invite the Grand Lodge to Woodland
In 1900.
THE SAN FBA^CTSCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 24, 1899.
RAINFALL CAUSES THE STREAMS TO RISE.
CHANNELS AND
SLOUGHS ARE
NOW SWELLING
Backwater Is Causing Some
Apprehension at Points in
San Joaquin County.
STOCKTON, March 23.— The copious
rainfall in this vicinity has been too
heavy for even the parched earth to
absorb. The dry fields have drunk their
fill, and now a vast volume of surface
water is swelling every channel and
slough. Thirty-six hours of incessant
rain and melting snow in the moun
tains combine to-night to make the
timid afraid that the water will leave
its natural channels before daybreak.
There is no question but that low
points will be inundated before the
water passes, but the streams may
take water away before any serious
loss falls on the people in threatened
districts.
The San Joaquin River at the mouth
of the channel is fully four feet below
high water mark. As Stockton flootis
have always come from the backwater
at this point, the rapid rise in the
river gives just cause for apprehen
sion. It all depends on how much
snow water from the mountains is
coming down In the smaller streams,
the full effect of which will not be
known for twenty-four hours. What
may be termed local points, situated
at unprotected places on Mormon
Channel, are undoubtedly in for a wet
ting.
A message from Linden at 3:30 stated
that Mormon Channel was bank full
at that place, and that if it rained any
during the night, the water would be
running through the streets by morn
ing. At the same hour the Lnion
Transportation Company telephoned
that President Gillis' ranch, three
miles east of town, on Mormon Chan
nel, was under water. The slough
was overflowing its bank at that point.
The San Joaquin is rising at the rate
of about one and a quarter inches an
hour, but Mormon and Miner chan
nels 'are doubling that record.
From Peters comes word that the
water is almost on the Southern Pa
cific railroad track, and that It ex
tends as far as Holden. Some of It is
surface water, accumulating from the
recent rain, and the rest came down
from the foothills.
\ telephone message from Lockeford
stated that the levees were s^U intact
along the reclaimed lands of the Moke
lumne River, but that the river is ris
ing and men are out guarding the em
bankments. The danger from an over
flow is not so much from precipitation
In the valley as from the warm rain
in the mountains, wnlch results in
sending down snow water at a time
when streams are already full.
Late this afternoon a portion of the
city in the vicinity of the Valley road
roundhouse was flooded. All of the
low places south of Mormon Channel
and west of California street were un
der water. Fifty acres immediately
around the roundhouse is - covered with
water one foot deep. At 3 o'clock this
afternoon the asylum gauge registered
as follows: For the storm. 1.9 inches,
for the month. 5.13; for the season,
11.76, as against 5.49 for last year.
Sacramento Valley Soaked.
SACRAMENTO. March 23.-The bacra
mento Valley is still enjoying a *™ kin S
rain A heavy, warm rain is falling n
th* "mountains, and unless there should
come a freeze in the hills to check the
flow of water the snow will melt and send
down floodwaters. Farmers on the low
lands are already complaining of too
much water. During the twenty-four
"ours endins at 7 o'clock this morning
flft"?n inches of snow fell at Cascade in
the mountains, making a total depth of
135 1 inches in that locality. From one to
tnre' IncWs of rain fell In the foothill
district Over one Inch of rain fell here
la" night. Rain has been falling here
almost steadily during the past thirty
fclThe°raFn has fallen steadily here almost
all day and up to 5 p. m. .92 of an Inch for
the twenty-four hours and 13.b3 for the
season has fallen. Since 'hat time only
occasional showers have fahen and sine?
nightfall none to speak of. The river is
rising and at dark stood twenty-one feet,
and If the storm ceases is not likely to
rise higher, as the American River will
soon run down. If the Sacramento River
•should rise to twenty-four feet at this
city wWch ie many feet below the leveo
top ' it will begin to run over the near
casement, 3000 feet long, recently con
structed at the Herschey break, eighteen
miles above this city, which will imme
diately relieve the river below that point
This county now has an ample rainfall
for all Its needs and a late spring shower
or two will insure bounteous crops. The
rain in the foothills has been heavy dur
ing the day.
Part of Gilroy Flooded.
GILROY. March 23— Twice in less than
twenty-four hours the I'vas Crf^k has
overflowed its banks and flooded the low
er portion of Gtlroy from Seventh street
south. At 7:30 o'clock last evening the
first overflow occurred, and again at 3
o'clock this afternoon. The rainfall up
to 8 o'clock this morning amounted to 3.04
inches for the twenty-four hours, which
is the heaviest on record, making a total
of 15 85 inches for the season. Rain has
fallen steadily all day. and the water
seems Increasing In volume instead of
diminishing. All the streams are over
flowing their banks. No damage has yet
been reported. The waters of the Llagas?
and the sloughs running into it have over
flowed, flooding the northeastern portion
of the town and the Martin field.
Chinese Are Alarmed.
SANTA CRI'Z. March 23.— The railroad
bridge near the mouth of the river has
been moved three inches from the foun
dation through a pile of logs lodged
against the pieces. It is doubtful if
broad-gauge trains will be able to cross
lit to-morrow. The river Is still rising.
i The inhabitants of Chinatown are
' alarmed, fearing the water will enter
! their houses. If the storm keeps up ehc h -
! natnwn will be under water. The rainfall
at FeUon for the storm is 6.79 inches. The
rain fell in torrents at Boulder Creek to
' day.
Outlook Never Brighter.
PETALUMA, March 23.— Rain has been
falling incessantly here for the last five
days until now the creeks and mountain
Streams are higher than for years. The
marsh below this city as far as the eye
can reach is one vast sheet of water.
Farmers and fruit growers are happy, and
siv the outlook was never brighter in this
vicinity If the storm continues much
longer an old-time freshet is quite prob
able. ___
Feather River Rising.
GRIDLEY. March 23.— The Feather
River is rising six inches an hour. Sev
enty-five hundredths of an inch of rain
has fallen here to-day and 3.40 for the
stoVm All low lands are under water and
farmers have driven all stock to the high
ground. Gridley seems likely to have a
flood and parties are watching the ieveea.
Low lands will be benefited by a flood
and grain and fruit prospects axe good.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date as com
pared with those of same date last season and rainfall in last
twenty-four hours: . -
Last This Last
Stations. .4 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.20 29.27 28.21
Red Bluff 1.00 17.45 I2 ° B
Sacramento 0.92 13-63 8.55
San Francisco 1.48 14-47 7-5 2
Fresno 0.40 5.69 3.86
San Luis Obispo 0.64 12.38 5.45
Los Angeles Trace 4.71 5.04
San Diego 0.00 4.54 3.81
Yuma 0.00 1.34 1.62
STREAMS RISE
AND TRAFFIC
IS DELAYED
Small Floods in Santa Cruz
County— Several Bridges
Washed Away.
SANTA CRUZ, March 23.— The storm
continues without interruption, and the
precipitation for to-day has been over
two inches. The rise in the river has
been steady, and portions of the town
have been flooded and are under water.
Bridges over the San Lorenzo have
been crowded with people, who go to
witness the raging torrent. Men are
there also to spear driftwood as it
comes down stream. There seems to be
no end to the driftwood. Immense trees
with roots come down the stream, lum
ber from barns, chicken houses, etc.,
which are broken in the swift stream.
Timbers from washed-out bridges also
float to the ocean.
The Seabright and Twin. Lake
beaches for over a mile are black with
logs, lumber and drift and crowds of
men are gathering it by cords. Drift
wood and logs lodge against the rail
road bridge at the mouth of the river
and a gang of men have been engaged
the entire day in getting them loose, as
it was feared a portion of the bridge
might be carried away.
Basements of houses and yards on
Front street and the lower part of Pa
cific avenue are under water from the
river. Houses and the Italian Hotel
on the island are entirely surrounded
by water and exit is only by boat.
Travel over the narrow-gauge road
has been suspended. Trains left with
men to clear the slides this morning.
About a dozen slides occurred on this
road between this city and Laurel and
a washout at Eccles. Passenger, mail
and express traffic has been only over
the broad-gauge.
On the Loma Prieta branch of the
Southern Pacific two bridges have been
washed away and there is a heavy slide
on the road. The road at Loma Prieta
is washed out and there is a big Jam
*..f logs in the mill pond at this place.
The California Powder Works was
compelled to close down to-day for a
couple of days on account of high
water.
Hazel Brook, in Doyle's Gulch, ordi
narily a small stream, was a foatnlng
torrent, two bridges were washed away
and school had to be closed.
Soquel was two feet under water.
WATSONVILLE. March 23.— The Pa
laro experienced an old-time rain the
last two days and high water in all
the creeks and river is the result. It
has rained almost incessantly here for
the last fifteen hours, and with the
amount of water that has fallen since
Tuesday morning this section has re
ceived about 6.60 inches, making over
21 inches for the season. The approach
to the bridge at Corralitos is gone and
two bridges on the Green Valley Creek
and one at Willoughbys are washed out.
The approach to the new bridge across
the Salsipuerdes. near town, is
threatened. The railroad bridge across
the Pajaro River is also in danger. The
lower part of the valley is all flooded
and it will be some time before the land
can be in proper shape for planting
beets. The Pajaro River is steadily ris
ing and will reach its highest point
probably by to-morrow morning, pro
viding the rain does not continue At
the present time the water Is at the
foot of Main street and steadily rising,
owing to the water from the San Be
nito commencing to come down.
Narrow-Gauge Boad Blocked.
SAN JOSE, March 23.-The rain has
been falling all day, the heaviest fall be
ing in the mountains. Many of the
creeks have overflowed, and the lowlands
in the vicinity of Gilroy, in the southern
end of the valley, and Alviso and Mil-
Ditas T near the bay. are under water. In
the event of a heavy fall to-night over
flows near the town may be expected.
LaTe reports from Gilroy state that the
water is still rising, and that the lower
portion of the town from Seventh street
B °Th£ naSl'auge trains to Santa Cruz
are not running, as a landslide near
Wrights station blocked the train which
left here this morning On board were
H E. Huntlngton Jr. and several friends,
who were obliged to return to San Jose.
Another slide is reported on the ocean
side of the road a mile and a half from
Felton. Traffic will probably be delayed
fO Thu O s m far tl^o- damage to speak of has
been done to the crops and incalculable
stood has been accomplished. Up to 8
v m to-day .60 of an inch for the twenty
four hours has fallen, making 5.07 inches
for March and 12.51 for the season
against. 5.53 for the corresponding period
of last year.
Creeks Are Overflowing.
VALLEJO. March 23.— A heavy rain has
been falling here during the past forty
eight hours, with every indication for a
continuation of the storm. The Green
Valley reservoir, the source of Vallejos
and Mare Island's water supply, now
contains over forty feet of water, which
is eaual to two years' supply. Several
creeks in this neighborhood have over
flown their banks, doing considerate
damage to the lowlands. The reservo r
at the source of Suisun's water supply is
overflowing, and it is feared great dam
age will result if the storm continues
much longer. The grain and fruit pros
pects throughout Solano were never more
encouraging.
Heavy Wheat Crop Promised.
FRESNO. March 23.— The rainfall here
for the past twenty-four hours has been
half an inch, which brings the total pre
cipitation for the season up to 5.91
inches. Since the present storm began
nearly two inches of rain has fallen. The
forecast to-night is for more rain to-mor
row and th* indications are good for
showers during the entire week. The
streams leading from the mountains are
full to overflowing and if the storm con
tinues Blight floods may occur. Indica
tions for a heavy wheat crop were never
better in this part of the valley.
YUBA RIVER
NOW RISING
VERY RAPIDLY
Levee System Is in Good Con
dition to Contend Against
High Water.
MARTSVILDE, March 23.— Forty-two
hours of continuous rain has caused the
erstwhile placid Yuba to assume the
proportions of a torrent, and she is
sweeping past this city to-night with
unprecedented current, at the same
time gaining on the gauge at the rate
of four inches an hour. At S this even
ing the fourteen andone-half-foot mark
had been reached. It is thought the
seventeen-foot mark will be reached by
to-morrow morning. Heavy warm rains
in the mountains, which melted the
snow on all the ridges, is the cause of
the freshet. Marysviile and the levee
system was never in better condition
to contend against high water.
WOODLAND, March 23.— Later re
parts from Colusa and Tolo basin indi
cate conditions not so bad as antici
pated. But little water is running in
any creeks and sloughs that drain the
foothill country, and unless the storm
becomes heavier and continues for sev
eral days there is a strong hope that the
big tufe districts seeded may be kept
free of flood water and the crops be
saved. _____
Means Prosperity for Monterey.
MONTEREY. March 23.— A thorough
eauinoctlal storm is now visiting this en
tire section, the rain, which has fallen al
most constantly since midnight Tuesday
night, having completely soaked the
ground for an unusual depth. All the
rivers hereabouts have risen with Incred
ible rapidity, and if the rain continues
with Its present force there is danger of
some damage from overflow. The Salinas
River has during the past thirty-six hours
risen higher than It has been for five
years, and is now a rushing torrent,
carrying all before it. No danger to
bridges is apprehended as yet, however.
The Carmel River, which supplies Del
Monte, Pacific Grove and this city with
water, is also very high, and news comes
from the Sur and other surrounding dis
tricts that all the mountain streams have
filled to the greatest heights known in
J< The' whole community is In a state of
rejoicing, confidence is restored, and all
business interests having acquired a sta
billtv unknown for a year. Since the rains
began less than two weeks ago, credit
has become so much easier hereabouts
that merchants are restocking, ranchers
are giving large orders, both at home ana
to city houses, and a general business ac
tivity" is noticeable everywhere. This
rain means the prosperity of this section
of Monterey County beyond a doubt.
The rainfall of this immediate locality,
as measured from noon yesterday to noon
to-day, was: For Monterey. 1.49 inches;
for Del Monte. 1.47 inches; for Pacific
Grove. 1.51 inches.
Wliere Bain Is Expected.
LOS ANGELES, March 23.-The rain
storm predicted to-day did not material
ize. The conditions were favorable yester
day for a downpour, but the storm which
was centra! off the Northern California
coast passed northward again and South
ern California was slighted. The barome
ter is slowly falling, however, ajid rain is
expected at any moment. The sky is
heavily overcast.
Rainfall at Colusa.
COLUSA. March 23.— The rainfall for the
storm commencing Tuesday is 2.42 inches
and it is still raining. There is no appre
hension for the lower lands on Grand Isl
and. The rl\er at 4 p. m. was fourteen
feet and rising slowly.
In Santa Barbara County.
SANTA BARBARA, March 23.— 1t has
been raining heavily in the mountains
fnd in the interior of the county all day,
with mist and light showers on the coast.
The indications for a storm to-night are
good.
Plenty of Water Assured.
SUISI'N. March 23.— The recent rains
have dispelled fears previously antici
pated regarding inadequate water sup
plies for the towns of Solano County this
year Suisun is assured a good supply.
THE GREAT BAINSTOBM.
It Keeps Up Its Good Work and Is
Not Over Yet.
In the opinion of Weather Forecast Of
ficial Wlllson the rain which has been
continuous for the last forty-eight hours
is not done yet, and the State will con
tinue to receive the generous downpour
for some time to come.
"The barometer," he says, "has not
moved a point in sixteen hours, and I do
not look for a change in the weather.
The State has been generally visited,
with the exception of the southerly por
tion. Los Angeles has had but a trace
and San Diego has been overlooked en
tirely. Tlte San Joaquin and Sacramento
valleys and San Luis Obispo have had
plenty of rain, and I really cannot ac
count for the failure of this storm to
reach the south.
"On Tuesday the storm center was mov.
ing south, but yesterday it veered around
to the north and the chances for Los
Angeles and San Diego getting any rain
are very slim. The storm has moved
northeastward and is now central in Brit
ish Columbia. The pressure has not
changed appreciably and may be said to
be at a standstill. Rain has fallen over
California from Tehachapi to Point
Conception north. The temperature has
risen over the plateau region and has gen
erally remained stationary in the other
districts. Conditions are favorable for
rain in Northern California."
George W. McNear, the grain dealer,
is one of the hapniest men in the State.
In speaking of the* rainfall yesterday he
said: "This last rain is worth millions
to the State. From every' hand I hear
favorable reports. This will mean a
great boon to the farmers. The crops
after this drenching will be in splendid
condition, and we snail have the biggest
crop we have had in years. It means
much to California. The fruit, too, never
looked so well. All in all, we shall have
a most prosperous season in California."
HORSES LOST
BUT THE MEN
ARE RESCUED
Thrilling Incident of the
Storm in Marin County
Which Is Causing
a Flood.
SAN RAFAEL, March 23.— 1n at
tempting to cross a washout on the
county road a quarter of a mile be
low Point Reyes station with a four
horse team to-day, three men were
hurled into the waters of Paper Mill
Creek and were rescued in a drowning
condition. All the horses were drowned
and the wagon completely wrecked.
Joseph Ennis, foreman of William
Skinner's dairy ranch, was driving and
with him were two fellow employes
named Silva and Borvini. When they
came to the washout the latter tried
to dissuade Ennis from attempting to
cross, but in vain. The leaders crossed
safely, but both wheel horses lost their
footing, the wagon was overturned
and the team all rolled down a thirty
foot embankment to the seething
waters of the creek.
The stream ran so swiftly that no
aid could be given the horses. Ennis
stuck to the wagon and was finally
rescued with a ladder by Benjamin
Alcantra, a patrolman on the preserves
of the Country Club. Silva lost his
hold and was swept away, but Bor
vini swam after him. The rescuer,
handicapped by heavy shoes and cloth
ing, was twice dragged under by the
drowning man, but both finally
reached the bank more dead than
alive.
Many creeks are overflowing their
banks, and several washouts have oc
curred along the line of the North Pa
cific Coast Railroad. A work train, in
charge of James Kinney, was sent out
to make repairs this afternoon by Su
perintendent Shoemaker. At Lark
spur the whole of the lower part of
town is under water, and around
Tamalpais station there is an inland
bay. At Sausalito the side of a hill
has caved in and made the county
road almost impassible. If the storm
continues much longer traffic by road
throughout Marin County will have to
be suspended. Telegraph and tele
phone lines are down in many direc-
The total amount of rain for the
present storm registered by the gauge
of A P Hotaling & Co.'s Bank is 8.00
inches. Tuesday night over nine
inches fell at Lake Laguinitas. the
heaviest precipitation ever registered
there for a similar period. From noon
yesterday to 4 p. m. to-day the fall for
this city was 2.76 inches. The marshes
are still flooded, but this evening there
is a lull in the storm. The clouds are
still lowering and more rain is ex
pected. — .
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Captain Glenn Detailed to Purchase
a Steamer for Exploration
in Alaska,
"WASHINGTON. March 23.— Ira J. An
i gler has been appointed a substitute clerk
' in the San Diego Postoffice.
By direction of the Secretary of \V ar
I Captain Edwin F. Glenn, Twenty-fifth
United States Infantry', will proceed to
Seattle, Wash., ajid thence, should it be
necessary in accomplishing the business
intrusted to him by the Assistant Secre
tary of War. to Portland, Or., and San
Francisco on official business pertaining
to the inspection and purchase of a stern
whtel'boat for use In connection with an
: exploring expedition to Alaska now being
organized, and upon completion of his dv
: ties at the last named place will return to
Commissary Sergeant Ernest Heinatz,
j Fort Logan. Colo., will be sent to San
' Francisco Upon his arrival he will re
i port to Major W. H. Baldwin, commis
sary of subsistences. United States pur
' chasing commissary at that place, for
duty in the subsistence department.
The following transfers are made:
First-class Private Isaac LJoyd, signal
j corps. United States army. Fort Myer,
;Va to Fort Reno. O. T., to relieve First
! class Sergeant John M. Pool, signal corps,
: United States army. Sergeant Pool when
thus relieved will be sent to San Francis
co and will, upon his arrival, report to the
signal officer. Department of California,
for assignment to duty. Private Warren
! A Thompson, hospital corps. Presidio of
San Francisco, will be discharged from
i the service of the United States by the
! commanding officer of his station. Pri
i vate Emery G. Woodring. Troop M.
, Fourth United States Cavalry, now at the
' Presidio of San Francisco, is transferred
! to Troop G. Fourth United States Caval
, ry. He will be sent to the station of that
! troop, Manila, and will report upon his
: arrival to the commanding officer for
duty.
California pensions; Original— Charles
Howard. San Francisco, $6: Frank A. Bet
i tis San Francisco. $6; Bernard P. Con
! nors San Jose, $S; Paul Smith, Benicia,
i $10- Fidellar Bowen. Soldiers' Home, Los
> Angeles. $6; Willard C. Bailey, San Jose.
t $6. Additional— Oliver S. Parsons, San
! Francisco, $6 to $8. Increase— Christian
Menke, San Francisco, $6 to $8.
PROFESSOR KOCH WILL
GO TO THE TROPICS
To Continue His Investigation as to
the Nature and Origin of
Malaria.
BERLIN, March 23.— Professor Koch,
the celebrated bacteriologist, who in ISS4,
at the head of the German Cholera Com
mission, visited Egypt and India and
there discovered the so-called "comma"
cholera baclllis. will start with an expe
dition next month for the tropics to con
tinue his investigation as to the nature
and origin of malaria. The Reichstag has
made a grant of 60,000 marks in aid of the
undertaking.
The expedition referred to in the fore
going dispatch is in line with the efforts
of Professor Koch to mitigate tropical fe- I
vers. When he returned last year from
a similar expedition to the German East
African coast he advanced the theory
that in the case of human beings mos- ,
quitoes played the part of communicating
malaria which ticks played in the cattle
disease known as "Texas fever." He had
reached the conclusion that where there :
are mosquitoes there is always malaria, I
and where there are no mosquitoes there
is no malaria. Moreover, he reported it !
was possible by microscopic examination
of the blood of a patient to discover from :
the nature of the microbes the exact stage ,
which the disease had reached.
*•
Jeffries and Fitzsimmons.
NEW YORK, March 23.— William A. !
Brady and Martin Julian. on behalf of Jim
Jeffries and Bob Fitzsimmons. agreed thia
afternoon to accept the bid of the Coney
Island Athletic Club for a twenty-five
round contest between these two heavy- ;
weights. The contest will take place on
May 2*. George Siler of Chicago has been
mutually agreed upon as referee. The
offer made by the club is a purse of $20,
--000 and the picture privilege to be dl- I
vided between the two principals and the
club, each receiving one-third. [
ALGER ISSUES
HIS ORDER
No Officer to Act With
out His Approval.
CLAIMS SUPREME CONTROL
SECRETARY OF WAR ASSERTS
HIS AUTHORITY.
This Probably Done to Censure Miler
for Detailing Colonel Garling
ton to Investigate
Bad Beef.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call. '• .
+♦++++++
+ WASHINGTON, March 23.— +
♦ The following order has been +
■♦■ issued at the "War Department: ♦ .
>• Headquarters of the Army, Ad- +
>■ jutant General's Office. Washing- ■♦■
♦ ton. March — , 1899. . ♦
■♦- The following decision has been •♦•
+ made and is published for the in- ♦
+ formation and guidance of all con- ♦
-f- cerned: • ♦
+ WAR DEPARTMENT, WASH- ♦
-♦- INGTON, March 22, Ordered, .-*.
-♦- that hereafter no chief or acting -♦;..
i -f chief of staff corps shall be detailed +
; -+• or ordered to any duty by any au- +
-+• thority without the approval of the +
+ Secretary of War. » •<►
+ R. A. ALGER. ♦
•f- Secretary of War. >
>• By command of Major General • ♦
+ Miles. +
+ H. C. CORBIN, ♦
♦ Adjutant General. -♦■
+ ♦
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
This order of Secretary Alger has
i been issued to set at rest all question*
as to who is the supreme authority in
the War Department. It is an old con
troversy, dating back to the time when
■ Jefferson Davis was Secretary of War
and General Scott commanding general
of the army. The last time the matter
was brought prominently to the atten
-1 tion of the country was during the ad
ministration of President Arthur, when
Secretary Lincoln wrote a very caustic
! letter to Lieutenant General Sheridan,
stating that the staff corps of the War
Department, with the exception of the
adjutant general's and the inspector
general's corps, were under the direct
control and subject only to orders by
i the Secretary of War.
The order of Secretary Alger. will
hereafter include the chiefs of these
corps under the sole control of the Sec
retary. General Miles had held to the
construction based upon the letter of
Secretary Lincoln. The cause for the
issuance of the order was a recent or
der of General Miles to Lieutenant
! Colonel Garlington. acting chief of the
inspector general corps, during the ab
! sence of General Breckinridge. direct
ing Garlingtnn to visit certain points
in the West on an Inspection tour. The
' order of the Secretary did not refer to
; General Breckinridge's present duty in
! Cuba, as he is acting under orders is
| sued by Secretary Alger.
BRIGHT'S
DISEASE
Or Chronic Inflammation of the Kidneys
is a very common ailment. Numbers of
our best citizens have succumbed to Its
effects, even though under the most skill-
J- — — ful medical treat-
< *- v \ ment. Like all
Q \ \ chronic diseases.
)%. \l the s m p toms
' 5> ) come on insidious-
•- @ y far. If proper
=?• V treatment is ob-
I tamed in its early
'• \ stages. B r ight's
\ Diseaa- may be
"" X cured. HUDYAN
, \ will cure it if It is
I taken In tim
- i HUDYAN will re-
fc I lieve you of all
7 / the symptoms. Do
-**^ I I not delay too
3, / / long. Don't w..it
** / until your case
, / becomes incurs -
I I ble. You will then
UJ throw your money
a VI away on doctors
i v V. and me d 1 clnes.
Begi.. the use or HUDYAN now. while
you may be cured.
THE EARLY SYMPTOMS ARE:
L CHRONIC SICK OR NAUSEOUS
HEADACHE— HUDYAN taken as di-
rected will relieve the headache 'n-
stantly.
. 2-3. PUFFINESS OF THE SKIN UN-
DER THE EYES, due to a collection of
fluid— other words. DROPSY. HUD-
YAN will cause the extra amount of fluid
to be taken up by the blood and be elimi-
nated by the Kidneys.
4-5. PALE. DOUGHY COMPLEX-
ION, due to the imperfect circulation of
the blood. HUDYAN will restore the cir-
culation to Its normal condition and causa
the cheeks to become red and rosy.
6. WEAKNESS OF THE HEART—
of the first symptoms and the one that
eventually causes death. HUDYAN will
strengthen the nerves and muscles of the
heart and make it strong and regular In
its beatings.
7-S. WEAKNESS AND PAIN IN THE
REGION OF THE KIDNEYS— HUDYAN
will cause the kidneys to perform their
functions properly, thereby relieving tha
pain and weakness.
Get HUDYAN at once and take It regu-
larly. Full and explicit directions gt»
with each package. HUDYAN is sold
by all druggists for 30c per package or 8
packages for $2.50. If your druggist does
not keep it, send direct to the HUDYAN
REMEDY COMPANY, San Francisco or
Los Angeles, California. Remember that
you can call and consult the HUDYAN
DOCTORS FREE. Call and see them.
If you cannot call, write to the doctors
and tell them all about your case and
they will advise you. The advice will
be given free. Address. .
HUDYAN REMEDY COMPANY,
No. 816 South Broadway,
Los Angeles, CaL
Cor. Stockton, Market and Ellis Sta»,
San Francisco, Cat.
DWOOOOOOO O 05000 ud
|w PALACE wj.
%GRAND .uasm*%-
Z. bah mrt/rc;«co,
Jf Coeaactod toy a <xnr«r«4 imoiiw* "■
0 1400 Rooms -500 With Bath AttaoteaV M
D XU Vo&tt On* K»nic»l 3
h JtOXB TITS ?*iCl5: &
Z E<»ro»cen Plan. 9t .oo p«r 4«y aad op«rmi« n
P Acwrioan PteA.fs.uO p«r lair aad afcwn *#
{) CesTMpos4Mtc* Baiioitsd. . q
o TOSS C. kooatsioc. Mxk|«. -
p s a Q£±£yaa o a Q OOP QjO-3
Use I*^^. S9 *
Woodbury's j^"*^ Woodbnrys
Facial Soap, Facial Cream.
Cleans, purifies and beautifies the skin . and
clears the complexion of pimples, blotches and
blackheads. Send 10 cents for Beauty Book,
and receive sample of each t re«. JOHN H.
WOODBCRY. 26 W. t3d at..' New York, aaA
.163 State at.. Chicago.
34
BLOWS THAT " KID " McCOY WILL TRY ON CHOYNSKI THIS EVENING
No. I— Here is an effective stop for a
right swing. McCoy sees it coming,
hooks his left for the jaw and interposes
his elbow. The force of the blow is
stopped by the elbow and McCoy's right
reaches the point of the chin, ma-king an
effective counter.
THE BILLS
SIGNED BY
GOVERNOR
Now a Part of the Law of
trje State of California.
__
Gage Has Until Next Wedoesday
to Put His Name to New
Measures.
SACRAMENTO, March 23.— Governor
Gage has left Sacramento for the present,
but before going he appended his signa
ture to a large number of measures which ;
are now the law of the State. At the Gov- [
ernor's office it was paid to-day that he !
would sign no more bills, although a great ;
many are awaiting his action, and he has |
until next Wednesday in which to sign j
them.
The following is a list of the measures
added to the law by executive action:
CHAPTER I— Assembly Bill I— An act mak
ing appropriation for the support of the State
printing office.
CHAPTER S— Senate Bill 845— An act to i
amend sections 245, 146 and :^ of the Political >
Code, relating to the officers and employes of
the Legislature.
CHAPTER 2— Assembly Bill 6S— An act to
amend section 1755 of an act entitled "An Act '
to Establish a Code of Civil Procedure," ap
proved March 11. IST:, relating to power of |
Judge to insert conditions in order appointing i
guardian.
CHAPTER 4— Assembly Bill 361— An act to
add a new section to the Penal Code, to be
numbered ISO, relating to bringing into any
State prison, State reformatory, or within the
grounds of such institutions, any opium, mor
phine, cocaine or other narcotics, or any in
toxlcatlng liquors of any kind whatever, or fire
arms, weapons or explosives of any kind, and
providing a penalty therefor.
CHAPTER s—Senate5 — Senate Bill 109— An act to pro
vide for the purchase of a portrait of ex-
Governor James H. Budd by the State Board
of Examiners, and to appropriate money there
for.
CHAPTER 6— Assembly Bill 265— An act to
amend section 594 of the Code of Civil Pro
cedure, relating to the manner of bringing an
issue to trial.
CHAPTER 7— Assembly Bill 121— An act to
amend an act entitled "An Act to Establish a
Political Code," approved March 12. 1872, by
amending section 2460 of said Political Code,
relating to pilots, pilot ' commissioners and
pilotage.
CHAPTER S— Senate Bill 37— An act making
an appropriation to pay the claim of F. P. Otis
for costs of suit in foreclosing delinquent pur
chases of State school lands.
CHAPTER 9— Assembly Bill 149— An act to
amend sections 939 and 953 of an act entitled
"An Act to Establish a Code of Civil Pro
cedure."
CHAPTER 10— Assembly Bill 323— An act to
emend section 3453 of the Political Code.
CHAPTER 11— Senate Bill 12— An act to pre
vent the maintenance against the State or any
officer thereof by any munty or county officer,
of any action or proceeding for the collection
or recovery of any money alleged to be due
such county, or any officer thereof, for services
rendered In the assessment, equalization, audit-
Ing and collection of rid valorem taxes.
CHAPTER 12— Senate Bill 32— An act to
amend section 5'J5 of Civil Code, relating to
powers of benevolent corporations.
CHAPTER 13— Senate Bill 65— An act to add
a new section to the Political Code, to be
known as section 793, relating to notaries pub
lic.
CHAPTER 14— Senate Bill 46— An act to pro
vide for the appointment by the Supreme Court
of five commissioner?, to be known as Com
missioners Of the Supreme Court, to appoint a
secretary, and to appropriate money therefor.
CHAPTER 15— Senate Bill 551— An act making
an appropriation for the contingent expenses
Of the Senate for the thirty-third session of
the Legislature.
CHAPTER 16— Assembly Bill 103— An act pro
viding for the dissolution and annulment of
swamp and overflowed land reclamation dis
tricts and protection districts for non-user of
corporate powers.
CHAPTER 17-* Assembly BUI 301— An act to
amend an act entitled "An act to provide for
the disincorporation of municipal corporations
Of the sixth class." ;i ; pi v ' March 26, 1595. by
amending sections 1 and 2 thereof.
CHAPTER 18— Assembly Bill 302— An act to
provide for the ownership of property and the
winding up of the affairs of municipal cor
porations dlsincorporatpfl under tho provisions
of an act of the Legislature of the State of
California, entitled "'An act to provide for the
dlslncorporfttinn of municipal corporations of
the sixth class," approved March 26, IS&S. when
two-thirds or more In value of assessable prup
erty within thr- former limits thereof shall be
lßd-.ided within the boundaries of any subse
quently incorporated city or town.
CHAPTER 19— Assembly Bill 97— An act to
amend section 6io of tht- Code of Civil Proce
dure, relating to property exempt from execu
tion.
CHAPTER 20— Assembly Blil 1«3--An act to
amend section 1033 of an act entitled "An act
to establish a Code of CrvU Procedure," ap
yroved March 11, 1872, relating to the filing and
service and affidavit of bill of costs and motion
to r.nax game.
CHAPTER 21— Assembly Bill 286— An act au
thorizing municipalities of loss than the first
class to obtain, by purchase, donation or de
vise, lands for cemefry purposes; and author
izing the boards of trustees of Bald municipali
ties to make all necessary rules and regula
tions for the government and disposition of the
same.
CHAPTER 22— Assembly Bill 61— An act to
amend an act entitled "An act to provide for
work upon streets, lane?, alleys, courts, places
and sliewalks, and for the construction of
sewers, within municipalities," approved March
18, IRSS. by adding thereto a new section, to be
known as section 6V4, relating to t-ecuring
claims for labor done and material furnished
for Improvements under said act.
CHAPTER 23— Assembly bill SS— An act to
amend section lIPS of the Code of Civil Pro
cedure relating to mechanics' and other liens
upon real property.
CHAPTER 24— Assembly bill 166— An act to
amend section 1 of an act entitled "An act to
provide for the submission of proposed amend
ments to the constitution of the State of Cali
fornia to the qualiti<-<i electors for their ap
proval," approved March 7, ISS3. relating to
the manner of publishing such proposed amend
ments.
CHAPTER 15— Senate bill 91— An act to pre
No. 2 — Here is a defense which might
hp.ve saved "Jim" Corbett the champion
ship If he had known it. An opponent
tries for McCoy's solar plexus with his
left. McCoy drops his right and blocks
off the blow with his forearm, while a
straight left reaches opponent's face.
vent deception in the sale of process or reno
vated butter.
CHAPTER 26— Senate bill 11— An act to prb
vide for the construction of a free wagon road
, from the Mono Lake basin to connect with a
I road called Tloga Road at or near the Tioga
mine, and making appropriation therefor.
i CHAPTER 27— Senate bill 693— An act to ap
i propriate %~z>oo for the purpose of sending an
cxi ■rt to Australia. New Zealand or other
i countries to collect and import into this State
for general distribution parasitical and preda
ceoua insects which in those countries prey
upon such species of fruit and tree pests as
abound in the orchards of this State.
CHAPTER 2S — Senate bill 421 —An act
to amend section 1195 of the Political Code.
CHAPTER 29— Assembly bill 400— An act to
' add a new section to the Penal Code to be
i known as section 208 relating to the publication
of portraits and caricatures.
CHAPTER 30— Assembly bill 940— An act to
provide for the construction of a sewerage sys
! tern at the State Prison at Folßom and to make
i an appropriation therefor.
CHAPTER 31— Assembly bill 308— An act to
I amend sections 2292, 2293 and 2298 of chapter 111.
! title V, of the Political Code, relating to the
State Library.
CHAPTER 32— Substitute for Senate bill 133—
An act adding two new sections to the Politi
cal Code of this State, to be numbered HIS and
1119, concerning election*, providing for regis
tration for primary elections.
CHAPTER 33— Senate bill 83— An act to
amend section 11SS of the Political Code, relat
ing to the method by which candidates for pub
lic office may be nominated.
CHAPTER 34— Assembly bill 670— An act
making an appropriation for the support of the
State Printing Office.
CHAPTER 35— Assembly bill 96— An act to
amend sections 1183 of the Code of Civil Pro
cedure relating to liens for mechanics and
others upon real property.
CHAPTER 36— Committee substitute for As
sembly bill 444— An act to add a new section to
the Penal Code to be known as section 653ty,
relating to the appraisements of estates of de
ceased persons.
CHAPTER 37— Assembly bill 997— An act to
provide for an appropriation for the contingent
expenses of the Assembly.
CHAPTER 38— Assembly Bill 998— An act to
provide for an appropriation for pay of officers
and clerks of the Assembly.
CHAPTER 39— Senate Bill 211— An act making
an appropriation to pay the claim of Thomas
Hatch.
CHAPTER 40— Senate Bill 151— An act supple
mental to an act entitled "An act to authorize
the Incorporation of rural cemetery associa
tions," approved April 2S, 1859, authorizing
such associations to erect, purchase or lease
buildings and furnaces and other works for
cremation of human bodies; also to erect or
buildings in which shall be entombed
only the ashes of cremated dead; to make pro
vision for the care of the burial places and
ashes of the dead; also to provide for the cre
mation of the unclaimed dead and bodies lia
ble, If Interred, to spread disease.
CHAPTER 41— Assembly Bill 45— An act to
provide for the alteration of the boundaries of
Incorporated towns and cities by the annexa
tion of uninhabited territory thereto, and for
the Incorporation of such annexed territory In
and as a part of such municipality, and for the
districting, government and municipal control
of annexed territory.
CHAPTER 42— Assembly Bill 273— An act to
amend sections 2. 3, 4 and 5 of an act entitled
"An act to provide a system of street im
provement bonds to represent certain assess
ments for the CO«t of street work and Improve
ment within municipalities, and also for the
payment of such bonds," approved February
£7." Utt.
CHAPTER 43— Assembly Bill 354— An act to
prohibit the desecration of the flag of the
United States and to provide a punishment
therefor.
(■H4.PTER 44— Assembly Bill 257— An act to
odd a now section to the Political Code, to be
known and designated as section 3466 Vi, relating
to the payment of invalid assessments in recla
mation districts, and the crediting of the
amount paid (to the tract of land upon which
the same was assessed), upon subsequent as
sessments.
CHAPTER 45— Assembly Bill 420— An act to
add a new section to the Political Code, to be
known as section 1890, relating to flre escapes
on school buildings.
CHAPTER 46— Senate Bill 30— An s^ct adding
fifteen new sections to the Political Code, to
be numbered consecutively 1366. 1367, UK, 1369.
1370 1371 1372, 137?,. 1374, 1375. 1376. 1377, 1375.
137&' and 13S0 concerning elections, and provid
ing for the election of delegates to conventions
of political parties at election* known and
designated as primary elections.
CHAPTER 47— Assembly Bill 247— An act
prohibiting the payment of money by the State
to counties and cities and counties for the col
lection of taxes.
CHAPTER 48— Senate Bill 721— An act to amend
section 1379 of the Political Code, relating to
the election of delegates to conventions of
political parties at elections known and
designated as primary elections.
CHAPTER 49— Assembly Bill 42— An act to
amend an act entitled "An act authorizing
boards or commissions having the management
and control of paid fire departments to grant
the members thereof yearly vacations." ap
proved March 26. 1895.
CHAPTER 60— Assembly Bill 117— An act to
amend section 456 of the Civil Code.
CHAPTER 51— Senate Bill 95- An act to
amend section 1186 of the Political Cove, relat
ing to conventions.
CHAPTER 52— Substitute for Senate Bill 379
—An act to amend the Political Code of the
State of California by adding a new section
thereto, to be numbered 64H. relating to elec
tions, by providing for tha punishment of
offenses at primary elections.
CHAPTER 53— Senate Bill 49— An act to
amend sections WB3, 1094. 1095, 1096. 1097. 1103,
1105, 1113. 1115. 1116. 11S0, 1204, 1261, and to repeal
sections 1098, 1099, 1100. 1101. 1114, of the Political
Code.
CHAPTER 64— Senate Bill 444— An act In
relation to municipal elections, where the same
are held separate from general State elections
and elections held under the authority of sec
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 24, 1899.
No. 3 — An opponent jabs with his left
for the face. McCoy throws his head to
one side and the blow goes over his
shoulder. His left comes down hard on
his opponent's guard and the right
reaches the rhin in the form of an Inside
uppercut. Amateurs can't work this blow
tion 8 of Article XI of the constitution, to elect |
boards of freeholders, or to vote on proposed I
charters or upon amendments to existing char- j
teTB, nnd to repeal an act entitled "An act In j
relation to elections held under the authority
of section 8 of Article XI of the constitution."
approved March 31, 1897.
CHAPTER fin— Senate Bill 362— An act to
establish a camp of instruction for the National
Guard of the State of California, and to au- ,
thorlze the acquisition by donation of a site for ■
the same.
CHAPTER r.6— Assembly Bill 375— An act to j
I amend section 1281 of the Political Code.
CHAPTER 57— Assembly Bill 207— An act to j
amend section 427 Of an act entitled "An act to
establish a Civil Code of the State of Call- |
! fornla," approved March 21. 1572. in relation to !
[ how funds of insurance companies may bo in- ;
i vested.
CHAPTER 58— Assembly Bill 914— An act to i
' add a new section to the Political Code, to be :
: known and numbered as section 540, creating
1 the State printing: fund, authorizing its use
i and describing the duties of the Superintendent j
I of State Printing, Controller and Treasurer in j
I connection therewith, all relating to State |
printing.
CHAPTER 69— Assembly Bill 182— An act to
amend an act to allow unincorporated towns
and villages to equip and maintain a fire de
partment, and to asset's and collect taxes, from ■,
time to time, for such purpose, and to create
a Board of Fire Commissioners, approved
March 4, 1881; statutes 1881, p. 26, relating to
I assessing- and collecting said taxes.
I CHAPTER 60— Assembly Bill 136— An art pro
viding for the construction and furnishing of a
residence for the Governor of the State of
California, and appropriating the sum of $50.- j
000 for the erection and furnishing of said I
residence and of all expenses connected there
with.
CHAPTER 61— Senate Bill 723— An act making
an appropriation for the contingent expenses
of the Senate for the thirty-third session of
the Legislature.
CHAPTER 62— Assembly Bill 58— An act to
provide for the organization of municipal cor
porations, and for determining the population
! thereof.
; CHAPTER 63— Assembly Bill 245— An act to
! amend sections 554. 1459 and ltM of the Polit
' leal Code relating to State Normal schools.
CHAPTER f.4— Assemhly Bill 528— An act to
amend an act entitled "An act to establish a i
Political Code by adding thereto a new section.
to be numbered IMSA. providing for special
' funds for the payment of teachers' salaries !n
counties constituting but one school district.
and defining the duties of boards of education.
Auditors and Treasurers in relation thereto.
CHAPTER 65— Committee Substitute for Sen
ate Bill 277— An act to ascertain and ray Ar
mory rents, armorers' -wages and other ex
penses arising out of the mustering In of por
tions of the National Guard and Naval Militia
Into the United States volunteer service; also,
the expenses incurred In reorganizing the
National Guard, and to regult therefrom, and
making an appropriation to pay the same.
CHAPTER 66— Assembly Bill 246— An act pro
viding for the establishment and maintenance
of sewer districts adjacent to municipal cor
porations.
CHAPTER 67^-Apsembly Bill 393— An act to
amend section 1261 of the Political Code.
CHAPTER 68— Assembly Bill 349— An act to
amend the Penal Code by adding two new sec
tions to Title IV thereof, relative to crimes
against the elective franchise, said sections
to be numbered 63 and 63V4 respectively.
CHAPTER 69— Assembly Bill 611— An act to
repeal an act entitled "An act to provide for
the redemption of the funded Indebtedness of
the city of Sacramento," approved March 25,
1872; and to repeal an act entitled "An act to
amend section 6 of an act entitled 'An act to
! provide for the redemption of the funded m-
I debtedness of the city of Sacramento." ap
proved March 25, 1572." approved March 9, ISS7;
I and to repeal an act entitled "An act to amend
sections 1, 6, 7, S, 10 and 11 of an act entitled
'An act to provide for the redemption of the
funded Indebtedness of the city of Sacramento,'
approved March 25. 1872." approved March 19,
I&S9.
CHAPTER 70— Assembly Bill 322— An act to
amend section 1142 of the Political Code, relat
ing to elections.
CHAPTER 71— Assembly Bill 1101— An act to
add a new section to the Penal Code, to be
designated as section 354%, making It a misde
meanor to deface, obliterate, cover up or
otherwise remove, destroy or conceal the duly
filed trademark or name of another printed,
stamped, engraved, etched, blown, impressed
or otherwise attached to or produced upon any
cask, keg, bottle, vessel, siphon, can or other
package.
CHAPTER 72— Assembly Bill 1002— An act to
amend section 1524 of the Penal Code relating
to the issuing of a search warrant.
CHAPTER 73— Substitute for Senate Bill 105—
An act to amend section 103 of the Code of Civil
Procedure of the State of California relating to
Justices' courts and Justices of the Peace.
CHAPTER 74— Assembly Bill 147— An act to
amend sections 2570 and 2571 of the Political
Code of the State of California relativ.e to the
harbor master of the port of Eureka and rela
tive to the salaries of the members of the
Board of Harbor Commissioners.
CHAPTER 75— Assembly Bill 261— An act to
amend the Penal Code by adding a new section |
thereto to be numbered 543 Vi relating to the
unauthorized wearing of badges, buttons and
rosettes of secret societies.
CHAPTER 76— Assembly Bill 156— An act for I
the protection of horticulture and to prevent {
the introduction into this State of ins..
diseases or animals injurious to fruit or fruit
trees, vines, bushes or vegetables, and to pro- |
vide for a quarantine for the enforcement of
this net.
CHAPTER 77-Senate Bill 326— An act to
amend the title to an act entitled "An act to
provide for the payment of Interest on the
outstanding bonds of the State of California,
held in trust for the University fund and the
State school fund"; to repeal an act of the
legislature of the State of California, approved I
March 4, 1881, entitled "An act to appropriate
money to reimburse the University of Cali
fornia for moneys heretofore appropriated to
the endowment fund thereof, which moneys
have by mistake been withhold therefrom and
appropriated to other State purposes, and
making an appropriation to pay the interest
on said outstanding bonds from January 1 to
July 1, 1893," approved March 3, 1853; to amend
section 4 of the same act, and to appropriate
the sum of $16,747 50 now In the university
fund and unavailable.
CHAPTER 78— Senate Bill SS9— An act to
amend section 18S0 of the Political Code of the
State of California, relating to the issue of
bonds of school districts.
CHAPTER 79— Assembly Bill 291— An act to
amend the Civil Code of the State of Cali
fornia by adding a new section thereto, to be
known and numbered as section 364 thereof,
relating to corporations.
CHAPTER SO— Assembly Bill 250— An act to
amend section 3608 of the Political Code of the
Slate of California, relating to the general rev
enue of the State and to property liable to
taxation for the purpose of revenue, and to add
new sections, to be known as sections 3609 and
3610, also relating to the general revenue of the
State and to property liable to taxation for the
purpose of revenue.
CHAPTER 81— Assembly Bill 458— An act to
amend the Penal Code by adding a section
thereto, to be numbered 623V4, relating to the
detention of books and other property belong
ing to any public or incorporated library, read
ing room, museum or other educational insti
tution.
CHAPTER 82— Assembly Bill 324— An act to
change and permanently locate the boundary
line between the counties of Shasta and Lassen.
CHAPTER 83— Senate Bill 96— An act to
amend section 798 of an act entitled "An act to
provide for the organization, incorporation and
government of municipal corporations," ap
proved March IS, 1883, concerning the powers of
Boards of Education of cities of the fifth class.
CHAPTER 84— Senate* BUI 66— An act to
amend section 844 of tne Code of Civil Pro
cedure.
CHAPTER 85— Senate Bill s— An act to
amend an act entitled "An act to amend an
act entitled "An act to establish a tax on col
lateral inheritance, bequests and devises, to
provide for Its collection and to direct the dis
position of its proceeds, approved March 23,
1893,' approved March 9, 1697."
CHAPTER 88— Senate Bill 127— An act to
No. 4 — A man's legs play a part in this ]
blow, which is a side step and a left i
swing for the solar plexus. The opponent !
swings his left for the head, McCoy goes |
under it and his left comes into the body |
at the pit of the stomach, while his op- j
ponent is falling forward.
| abolish commissions or fees paid by the State
I for the assessment, equalization, auditing and
| collection of ad valorem taxes.
| CHAPTER 87— Substitute for Assembly Bill
22— An act to add a new section to the Penal
: Code, to be distinguished as section 3.14 M!, mak
ing it a misdemeanor to sell or traffic In or
i refill any cask, keg, bottle, vessel, siphon, can.
; case or other package bearing the duly filed
; trademark or name of another, printed, bran.l-
I ed, stamped, engrossed, etched, blown or other
-1 wise attached or produced thereon.
| CHAPTER 88— Assembly Bill 177— An act au
j thorizing District Attorneys to bring suits to
' abate public nuisances.
CHAPTER S3— Assembly Bill 32*— An act
j making an appropriation tor Improving, en
! larglng and equipping the State fish hatcheries
| in Sisson and Price Creek.
CHAPTER 90— Assembly Bill 465— An act to
} amend section 1702 of the Code of Civil Pro
! e&dure of the State of California, relating to
the appointment of trustees.
CHAPTER 91-Senate Bill 22!>-An act to pro
vide for the disposal of money raised by cities
i or towns for public improvement after the samo
J has been completed and paid for.
CHAPTER 92-Senate BUI 354— An act to
amend section 1 of "An act to authorize State
agricultural societies under the control of the
State to sell property held by them In fee. or
i held by trustees for their use, or ia which they
may have any Interest; to prescribe a course of
procedure therefor; to Indemnify purchasers at
such sale, and to direct how the proceeds shall
be applied," approved February 25. 1^97, and to
add two new sections thereto.
CHAPTER 9S— Assembly Bill 554— An Ret re
quiring the payment into the .State treasury
j of all moneys belonging to the State, received
i by various State Institutions, commissions and
officers, and directing the disposition of. the
same.
CHAPTER 94— Senate Bill 9— An act to
amend an act in relation to foreign corpora
tions, approved April 1, 1872.
CHAPTER 95— Assembly Bill 9?6— An act
making an appropriation for the support of the
Kovomment of the State of California for the
fifty-first and fifty-second fiscal years.
CHAPTER 96— Assembly Bill 607— An act to
protect domestic live stock from contasrious
and infectious diseases, to provide for the ap
! polntment and duties of officials to carry into
j effect the provisions of this act and to provide
an appropriation therefor.
CHAPTER »7-£enate Bill 733— An act making
j an appropriation for the pay of officers and
clerks of Senate thirty-third session.
CHAPTER 98— Assembly Bill 1015— An act to
amend section 3713 of the Political Code, relat-
I ing to the levy of taxes.
RUBICON WAS
PRESENTED WITH
THE HANDICAP
The Field Never Had
a Chance.
FERGUSON WAS IN BAD FORM
THREE FAVORITES SPLASHED
IN AT OAKLAND.
Sardine Captured the Waterhouse
Stake — Eddie Jones Won in a
Drive — Ellis Suspended for
His Ride on Topmast.
The downpour of rain seriously retard
ed Starter Ferguson In his work yester
day at Oakland track. His handling of
the barrfer in the six-furlong handicap
was proof positive of this assertion.
•'Danny" Lynch, who had "Gunner" Earp
appointed referee of the Fitzsimmons-
Sharkey fiasco, trains Rubicon. He, to
gether with his Arizona stable outfit, fell
into bad repute at Ingleside track some
two years ago, but is still countenanced
at Oakland. After a filibustering tour
through Colorado and Montana last sum
mer, resulting in destitution anil poverty,
Lynch arrived back in San Francisco
with fairly good health and Rubicon. He
appears to oe making the must of his
gaunt-looking string. The big chestnut
horse was backed by Lynch and his par
ty, they getting as good as 5 to 1 for their
money.
"Colonel Roosevelt" Hennessy had the
leg up, and took barrier and all with
him, winning easily at the wire by six
lengths from Rio Chico. Fred Forbes'
pair. Dr. Sheppard and Abuse, command
ed first call in the betting, but the start
ruined the chances of both. Before the
start Abuse was kicked by Rubicon,
fracturing a couple of his ribs. Rosor
monde, owned by J. Naglee Burke and
looking to have a royal chance, was vir
tually left at the post.
Throughout the day Ferguson displayed
bad form, nearly all of his starts be'ng
of the "serambled-egg" sort. The track
was very slushy ami much mud was liv
ing, and but three favorites managed to
earn brackets.
A race for 3-year-old fillies, over the
Futurity course, first to be decided, at
tracted but a field of four to the post.
Odd Eyes ruled favorite, but was easily
beaten by Charmante, the next in de
"pr Rowell's black gelding Con Dalton,
a 2 to 1 choice, took the first seven-fur
long run somewhat easily from Stromo.
Crossmolina was third.
The Waterhouse stake, at four and one
half furlongs, for 2-year-olds, went to
Sardine, ridden by Piggott. In a drive
Mountebank led Lomond out over a
length for the place. The winner, coupled
with St. Anthony, had a strong call in
the betting.
Backed down to pronounced favoritism,
the brown colt Eddie Jones finished first
for the mile and a sixteenth purse. Away
none too well, he took the lead in the
stretch, downing Morinel in a hard drive.
Casdale was sent to the post favorite
for the final seven-furlong selling affair,
and failed to secure a mark. El Salado
made all the running, and with nothing
to spare beat Campus a length.
Track Notes.
After the mile and a sixteenth race the
judges suspended Ellis for the poor
showing made by Topmast. Rey del
Tlerra, a pretty good horse himself and
second choice in the betting, finished be
hind Topmast, and it would -interest not
a few to lind out what became of his
speed.
Fifteen bookmakers laid prices. Frank
Eckert drew the choice position.
Myron E. McHenry, the noted reins
No. s— Here's a good way to stop a
right swing and get even at the same
time. The left meets the descending arm
and the right is ripped up, underneath
the guard for the stomach. It requires a
vast amount of quickness and a poor
Judge of distance can't work it.
man, arrived in this city from Freeport,
111., on Wednesday evening. During the
illness of Tommy Keating last summer
McHenry held the ribbons over the lat
ter's record breakers.
Bullman will ride Sardonic In the Burns
handicap.
To-Day's Entries.
I First Race— Five and a half furlongs; three
! year-olds: selling.
720 Limatus 107 720 Gold Garter 1"
788 Gold Baron 109 728 FaTerthMß I)
--720 Strombolita 107 313 Cnzenzo ™'
842 Saintly 109| 762 Royal Fan 107
751 Magdalenaa 107 720 Prince A JO9
602 Ocorona 107, 483 Polka V"
542 Somis 1091 825 Gold Fin I
fieeond Race— Six furlongs; selling; four-year
olds and upward.
636 Don Fuiano UOI 832 Merry 80y ....... 107
SOl Niihau 102! ... May McCarty.. .100
539 University 1"71 861 Mainbar I«
3DS Gov. Sheehan... llol(B6s) El Salado 107
469 Mischief 1071 535 Joe Cotton 112
731 Oahu 102! ... Picnic 10a
845 Horatio U5; 845 Truxillo Ho
Third Race — Four furlongs; two-year-olds;
selllnv.
856 Jeanie Rlley 103; 824 Morbid ........ ..107
661 Loch Katrine... lo7; ... Flush of G01d...10<
(84!OPrestnme 106 ; 613 Almendral 106
850 Big Horn 106| 833 Gusto 106
... St. Elizabeth 111: 850 Fannie Mi 115 ....103
Fourth Race— Futurity course; three-year
| olds and upward; selling.
I 745 Genua 97] (Rs2)Stamlna 102
*20 Ach 102 836 Good Hope 97
i 765 Distinction 1 13 j 612 Mad rone 115
205 Ringmaster 115! 859 Sidelong 99
851 Montanus Mil 852 Sir Urian 99
Fifth Race— One and a sixteenth miles; sell-
Ing; three-year-olds and upward.
837 Wyoming 106; 831 The Fretter 91
847 Ed Gartland 11. 99 j 857 Imperious 105
(853) Robert 80nner.,136! 847 Jennie Reid 83
857 Red Glenn KJ: (SSDObsidtan 94
(855)Castake Ml
Sixth Race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and ;
! upward; selling.
532 Snkombeo 1041 757 Sweet "William.. 115
Catastrophe 107 841 Major Hooker... X.l
-■■. ialist 104 S»sl Durward 107
832 Sevoy 104 757 Espirando 1"3
SI? Widow Jones 110 1 ... Stentor 107
fc.'S RuskUi 103' 786 Nuncomar 107 ,
(761tr>on <iara 11SI 786 February 105 j
(7S7)Glen Anne 107'
Selections for To-Day.
First Race — Magdalenas, Faversham, Lima- j
tus.
Second Race — Truxillo, El Salado, Don Fu- ]
lano.
Thlr'l Race— Prestome, Morbid, Loch Katrine, j
Fourth Race — Good Hope, Genua, Montanus.
Fifth Rac«— Obsidian. Ed Gartland 11, Robert j
Bonner.
Sixth Race— Sweet William, Ruskin, Febru- j
ary- '
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Thursday, March 23, 1899.— Sixty-third
day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather rainy.
Track sloppy.
JOSEPH A. MURPHY, Presiding Judge.
JAMES B. FERGUSON, Starter.
C\f»f\ FIRST RACK— Futurity course; selling; three-year-old fillies; purse, $330.
OOU. ;
Index. Horse.
4m.
Km.
Str.
842 Chnrmante 1'
(720) Odd Eyes 1
659 Florence Fink 1
762 May L. 1'
4
3
2
1
1 1
8 1
4
1 3
2 3
8 h
4
1 3
2 6
3 1
4
1 4
2 8
3 12 '
4
jnnes
[Thorpe
'McNichols ...
Ruiz
1 13-10
4-5 11-10
6 7
30 50
Time— To Vl '214' to 4, :45; last %. 1:034; short K. 1:13. Winner. Sloan & Hurst's
br f by King Eric-imp. Cleopatra. Good start. Won easing up. Second easily. Third
drh Cna'rmante was possessed of all the speed. Odd Eyes a bad betting proposition.
O/>1 SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
001. ' .■■/ ■•:■--?. . • ,
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
4m.
\m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
861 Cnn Dalton, 3 106 3
743 Stromo, 3 109' 1
BSS Crussmollna, 3 104 1 2
880 iuirward, 5 120 5
855 Rondrunner. a 123 4
801 Heritage. 6 120, 9
522 Dunpralse. 3 1W h
099 Dick T>han, a 123 «
(8.14) Malnbar, 4 8
c -, rnn r) ft iton 3 106 3 22 28 26 In In fc".:::::: T 1 2
-43 StronTo 3 "... ...109 112 11 11* 2 6 2 6 Thorpe 3 4
i SErf 3 ....104 i 3 1 n* si 3 1 3V, Weber ■. E £■ 10
« D™S 5 ... ..m 5 5 4 5 2 5 2 4 1 4 4 Glover 25 50
"- RoaXunner a 123 4 4 3 4 1 4 4 5h 5 4 Hennessy .... 8 15
«m Heritage 6 ... ...120 9 8 9 9-71 6 1 J. Russell 30 80
mi ■Dunnrals'e 3 ....109 6 9 7 1 7 2 6 2 7 2 McNlchols ... 6 6
% DTck P BehV a 123 7 6 4 8 6 81-8 8 iHahn 12 9
'854) Malnbar, 4 . llil 8 74 - 6 4 6 4 9 9 lEllli, 3 5
2 2
1 2
3 1
5 4
4 3
8
9
6%
7 H
2 6
1 1
3 14
5 2
4 1
9
7 1
8 6
6 4
2 6
1 14
3 1
5 2
7 2
8 3
6 4
1 h
2 6
3 1
4 1
5 h
7 1
<•■ 2
8
g
1 n
2 6
3 4
4 4
5 4
6 1
8 "
9
■ Jones
[Thorpe
IWeber
IGlover
Hennessy
;J. Russell
IMr Nichols ...
iHahn
lEllls
Time— V4 : l3U ' %, S%i "*. 1: n 34: %. 1:30. Winner. Dr. H. TB. Rowell's blk g. by imp.
Watercress-Everglade. Straentllnx start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Stromo' beat the gate. Dalton was founds the best. Crossmollna finished well. Road-
runner is on a vacation. Dunpraise of no account. Mainbar swinging in the hammock.
£->/■» O THIRD RACE— Four and a half furlongs; two-year-olds: the Waterhouse stakes;
bb"» value. $1250.
Index. Horse.
Weight. ;
Km. .
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
84t Sardine 120 4
833 Mountebank II 1
(822) I-r,mond 118 2
844 Wlnyah 1201 »
824 St. Anthony 1201 8
2 1
4 2
1 1
3 3
5
1 2
4 2
2 1
I 1
5
1 1
4 1
3 M
2 h
6
1 1 iPlggott
2 14 11. Powell
S h (Thorpe
4 h IHennessy
5 | Spencer
1-2
30
4
4
*
1-2
50
5
9-2
•
Xi'rne^-1-lfi :06H: n-lfi. :2flH: 7-16, :56U. Winner. E. Corrlgan's eh. f. by Imp. Bassetlaw-
, Sardonyx. Strangling start. Won flrst three drivtnsr.
Pnrcllnp was all out. She heat the gate. Away on equal terms Mountebank could have
■COreO. Wlnyah miserably ridden.
Q/>O FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; handicap; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $500.
ooo» ____^_^
Inil°x. Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
821 Rubicon, a 120! 1
827 Rio Chlco, 3 89 4
723 Abuse. 5 125 8
(846) Dr. Sheppard. 5..... US 3
« RSS Highland Ball, 4... .100] 2
858 Moringa. 4 100 6
846 Rosormonde, 4 100! 7
(849) Bonlbel. 4... 74 1 5
1 4
3 3
2 h
4 4
« 1
8
7 1
5 H
1 4
3 1
2 6
4 4
6 1
8
7 4
5 h
1 6 I Hennessy
2 1 !E. Stimpson..
3 3 IPiggott
4 1 G. Wilson
5 4 iMcNichols ...
6 1 IDevln
7 2 'Gray
8 |A. Webber....
2 7-2
20 30
1 9-10
• •
10 15
15 R
20 13
40 100
•Coupled with Abuse.
Time— U. :24Vi; & 'Ml \. 1:14%. 'Winner. E. L.anlgan's eh. h. by imp. Rayon dOr
Llllle R Bad start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Ferguson presented the race to Rubicon. The chestnut took barrier nnd all with him.
While at the post Abuse was kicked by the winner, breaking a couple of ribs. Lond odds
W«n laid agafnst Sheppard finishing third. Rosormonde was practically left at the post.
O£* A FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling; four-year-olds and upward;
OO^r» purse. $400. ' .
Index. Horse. Age. 'Weight.
Std. Urn.
Mm.
\m.
Str.
Fin.
(5451 Eddie Jones. 4 112! 4
S3* Morinel. 4 101 ! 5
845 P. A. Finnegan, 4. .106! 3
(753) Topmast. 5 115! 2
77S Rey del Tlerra, 5... 110! 6
846 Prince Blazes. 4....1031 1
3 1»,4
4 1
2 1
6
5 14
1 h
4 h
3 h
1 4
6
5 4
2 1
3 2
4 4
1 4
6
2 h
5 4
2 3
4 1
1 4
6
3 1
5 h
2 1
4 h
1 4
5 1
3 1
6
1 1 IThorpe
2 h IGray
8 h IRuiz
4 4 lEllis
5 2 'Spencer
6 |I. Powell
1 17-20
8 12
40 80
4 8
5-2 14-5
6 10
Tbne— l-18. n:: 8-I*. :3ls i : 9 - lfi - :S8l 4: 13 - 18 - 1 ; 224: mile. 1:43%: 1 1-16 miles, J:BO. Win-
ner, Burns & Waterhouse's br. h. by Morello-Early Rose. Good start. Won first three drlv-
Eddie Jones finished gamely. Morinel ran a nice race. If Ellis was trying Topmast was
a "mackerel" under him. Tlerra ran a wild, weird race.
one SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Tndex. Home. Age. Weight.!
Hm.
Km.
Str.
Fin.
(756) El Salado. 4 117 5 28 12 15 13 11 IPiggott 9-5 2
819 Campus, 3...... 109 2 11 24 23 214 2 4 Jones g M
828 Vim 3 ....110 1 42 3 4 32 S3 34 Hennessy .... 6 6
849 Casdale. 3 .'.:.. .109 3 63 5 1 610 5 2 4 4 (Spencer 8-5 7-5
825 Jingle Jingle, 3..... .104! 5 8 8 7 5 6 3 5 h [Mead .„;...;.. 15 20
SSI Rosemald. 4 '..11514 5h 610 4 4 4h 64 iKlley 40 60
811 Colonial Dame, 4.... C 3 4 43 5 1 7 5 710 iPenny ........ jo 61)
859 Yaruba, 8 ......106J 7 710 7 2 8 ft 8 1 1. Powell 12 20
Time— 4, :16%: %, :37; S. 1:02; %, 1:30. Winner, G. W. Baldwin's b. m. by Emperor of
Norfolk-Atlanta 11. Straggling start. Won all out. Second and third driving.
El Salado was the class. Casdale a false favorite. Yuraba almost left. Colonial Dame
, had early speed. . ' :
Scratched— Sweet William 123. : .
(756) El Salado. 4 117 5
849 Campus, 3 109 2
S2B trim. 3 lio t
849 Casdale. 3 109 3
825 Jingle Jingle, 3 104' 5
ISI Rnpemald. 4 1181 4
Sll Colonial Damp. 4... .115! G
859 Yaruba, 8 1061 7
2 1
1 1
4 2
6 3
• 8
5 h
3 4
7 10
1 2
2 4 ■
3 4
5 1
8
6 10
4 3
7 2
1 5
2 3
3 2
6 10
7 5
4 4
5 1
8
1 3
2 I*4
33
5 2
6 3
4 h
7 5
ft
1 1 IPiggott
2 4 IJones
3 4 IHennessy
4 4 (Spencer
5 h JMead
6 4 IKiley
7 10 ; Penny
8 |I. Powell
No . 6_when an opponent swings for
the body with his left McCoy sometimes
faces half around, drops his left and
blocks off the blow. Then the right
comes over in a sort of half hook and
lands, if it be well judged, as It usually
Js, on the Jaw.
SULLIVAN WILL
NOT REFEREE
THE BIG FIGHT
He Cannot Get Here
in Time to Act.
THE "KID" A FAVORITE STILL
McCOY BOXED CHOYNSKI A
DRAW IN THE EAST.
Both Pugilists Are in Fine Condition,
and Choynski Says That He
Will Force tb»
Battle.
The managers of the affairs of McCoy
and Choynski held a second conference
last evening over the question of a ref
ree, as the man whom they had selected
on Wednesday evening, namely, John L.
Sullivan, has so far failed to answer the
telegram that was wired to him at Stock
ton.
Yesterday Manager Gibbs of the Na
tional Club received a message from
Stockton to the effect that Sullivan had
departed for Los Angeles on Tuesday, and
a second dispatch was forwarded to the
ex-champion at that place. An answer
was expected last evening, but up to a
late hour the news of the big fellow's
whereabouts was being hoped for. Doubt
less Sullivan and his company may be lo
cated for the time being at some town
on the line to the orange groves and the
message may not reach him until this
evening. In case a reply to the tempting
No. 7— Here is a blow that has troubled
a Jot of McCoy's opponents. He ducks a.
straight left and his left swings around
as stiff as a ramrod. The heel of his
glove and sometimes his forearm lands
on his opponent's neck or the point of hia
jaw, and it hurts.
offer that has been made to him by tha
National Club is not received by noon to
day, the managers of the pugilists will
meet and select some local man to reforea
the game. It is said that C. J. Kennedy,
who journeyed to this city with the pro
fessional bicyclists, may be mentioned
among those who are considered conver
sant with Queejisberry rules and Judges
of the game of hit and miss.
The betting on the fight was quite splr.
ited last evening considering the inclem
ency of the weather, choynski's
went up a peg. The pools closed last.
evening with McCoy a favorite, the ofl.u
being $10 to $6 50. Judging from conversa
tions between the men who gathered in
the pool rooms, that is, upon the relative
merits of the fighters, etc., Choynski haa
certainly a number of admirers ajid in all
probability he will give his opponent a.
close call in the betting this evening.
Joe is in first-class shape and weighs 175
pounds. He will have an advantage In
weight of about fifteen pounds over Mc-
Coy and a handicap of that kind is to be
taken into consideration when two clever
men face the music of the mits.
Choynski will make a stand-up flght.
provided his opponent will not break
ground too often. He does not propose t>>
chase the light-footed "Kid," neither doea
he propose to stand a la Sharkey and p.T
mlt his opponent to decorate his fac
reminders that there are others looking
for the long end of the long green. McCoy
has youth and speed on his side, but
Choynski has the experience that teaches
even a pugilist how to become perfect,
ami considering their respective ages the
difference of hve years is not a severa
handicap for Joe to carry.
McCoy was born October 7, 1873. in
Rush County, Indiana, and stands 5 feet
11 Inches. Choynski saw the first light
of day in San Francisco. He was born
on November 8, 1868. and stands 5 feet
l(Ha Inches. He boxed McCoy four rounds
in New York on March 21. 1896, which
ended in a draw. Choynski's last fight
of note was in this city on November 30,
1>97, when he fought Jeffries a twenty
round draw. Since that time he mot Gus
Ruhlin twice in Philadelphia, and each
bout of six rounds ended in a draw. Mc-
Coy has a lengthy record, but among the
many men he has conquered there are
only a few fighters of note. In 1897 he
met Tommy Ryan in a five-round contest,
which was declared a draw when the po
lice interferred. Dan Creedon was the
next best man to try conclusions with
"the KM " and Dan was defeated in fif
teen rounds. In IS9B he won a decision
over Gus "Ruhlln in a twenty-round con
test which took place in Syracuse, N. Y.
The ramaining fights he had in that year
were agninst such men as old Goddard,
W. J. Bladswell, W. J. Tierney, J. 1..
Bates. Van Huidenbrook, Dick Boling
and Tom Shea, none of whom are classed
above third grade. His last fighi waa
■with Tom Sharkey.
FAILED TO KEEP HIS PROMISE.
Warrant Out for the Arrest of John
Dean, Amateur Pugilist.
Norah Haley, a girl 18 years of age,
swore to a complaint in Judge Mogan's
court yesterday charging John Dean, an
amateur pugilist connected with the Sail
Francisco Athletic Club, with betrayal
under promise of marriage. Secretary
Kane of the Pacific Coast Society for the
Suppression of Vice and Officer Coleman
went with the warrant to George H.
Tay & Co.'s, on Battery street, where
Dean was employed, but found that ho
had not been there for several days.
The girl, while living with a family on
Brannan street, attempted to commit
suicide about six months ago by swal
lowing a dose of strychnine, and was con
fined Tn the City and County Hospital for
three months. About six weeks ago she
again contemplated suicide, and went to
Calvary Cemetery for that purpose. Sha
wrote a letter to Dean stating her inten
tion, but her courage failed her. She tore
up the letter, and the fragments were
found and led to her identification. Dean
Wcis so ashamed of himself that he prom
ised to marry her at that time, but he
has not yet fulfilled his promise.
TOD SLOAN RIDES
BERESFORD'S GRODNO
And Runs a Dead Heat in the Contest
for the Spring
Cup.
LONDON, March 23.— At the first day's
racing at the Liverpool spring meeting to
day Lord William Beresford's four-year
old chestnut colt Grodno, ridden by Tod
Sloan, and Lord Derby's five-year-old
chestnut gelding Crestfallen, ran a dead
heat for the Liverpool Spring Cup and
divided the stakes. Mr. Fairies four
year-old bay colt Chubb was third. Nino
horses ran.
The race was one of the most interest
ing events at Aintree for a long time past.
Tod Sloan on Grodno and Sam Loates on
Crestfallen both rode splendidly. Loatca
brought Crestfallen up in the last stride.
Grodno did not get away well, but led to
the first turn when the colt was headed
by Chubb. At the mile post Grodno re
sumed the lead, but at the stretch Chubb
was again in front. Grodno, however,
again pushed to the front and then Crest
falieii sprang forward and a most ex
citing finish was the result. Chubb being
only a short head behind the dead-heat
ers. This race is for a cup, value 800 sov
ereigns, 50 sovereigns in plate or the
whole in specie, at the option of the win
ner, a handicap for three-year-olds and
upward. The betting was 9 to 2 against
Grodno.
The Union Jack stakes were won by "W.
E. Oakley's chestnut colt Doddington.
Lord Dunravens bay colt Morgantee,
with Sloan in the saddle, was unplaced.
Seven horses ran over the course, a dis
tance of one mile. The betting was 5 to 1
against Morgantee.
Winners at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, March 23.— Weather clear;
track fast. Sir Floriar. and Saratoga were th«
winning favorites. Results:
One mile, selling — Donation won, Mordecal
second, Sea Robber third. Time, 1:42.
Two-year-olds, four and one-half furlongs— J.
Luccille won, Myrtle Gebauer second. True Fit
third. Time, :S7.
Selling, one and one-sixteenth miles— Prince
Zeno won. Bishop Reed second, Rushfields
third. Time, 1:49«4.
Handicap, seven furlongg— Sir Florian won
Eva Rice second, Village Pride third Time'
1:27 V*.
Helling, seven furlonica— Midglen won. Nabob
second, Woodranger third. Time, 1:28^4.
Selling, one mile— Saratoga won, Lucky Mon
day second, Russolla third. Time. 1:42.
She Took the Pledge.
Mrs. Mary Ann Delehanty, 44 . Ritch
street, who was arrested Tuesday for
cruelty to children, appeared before Judge
Graham yesterday and at his request took
In? £l e<^ c not t^ a - sic a dr °P of liquor
till Christmas. The case was continued
for thirty days to see if she will keep
to the pledge. . . v
The reason why Hetty Green, the
richest woman in America, is very
happy just now, is told in next Sun
day's Call.BAROLOME MASSO
TO COMMAND THE
EASTERN TROOPS
Now the Cuban Army Cannot Be
Disbanded Until the Assem
bly Surrenders the Rolls.
HAVANA, March 23, 9 p. m.— The ex- |
ecutive committee of the Cuban Military !
Assembly has appointed General Baro- i
lome Masso, former President of the i
Cuban Revolutionary Government,
lander-in-chief of the Cuban forces \
in the Orient, or eastern provinces.
The Assembly was in session this after
noon. The motion proposed yesterday
by nor Gomez for the reorganization
of the Cuban army was passed, but un
der existing conditions the action of the
Assembly in this respect is unimpor
tant.
A dispatch was read from the Veter
ans' Association of Santiago asking the
Assembly to restore General Maximo
Gomez to the post of commander- in
chief. From General Masso a telegram
was received recognizing on his part
the superior authority of the Assembly,
acknowledging it as a duty to sustain
the Assembly and lamenting the con
troversy with General Gomez.
Little has been said of late as to the
proposed trip to Washington of Senores
Vilialon, Hovia and Despaigne, the
committee appointed by the Assembly
on March 14 to lay before President
McKinley the resolution that aay
adopted on the motion of Genera San
guiiiy to the effect that the $3,000,000
offered by the United States would not
be sufficient, and that the United States
should help Cuba to obtain more by
way of a loan. Apparently the matter
has been dropped, but to-day Senor Ila
fael Portuor.do, chairman of the execu
tive committee, suggested that the com
mission should hand the resolution to
the Secretary of War. This course was
opposed by General Andrade, who said
General Alger would decline to recog
nize the Assembly officially and that
the commission would be snubbed.
Senor rtuondo-'s motion was left on
the table.
General Sanguilly suggested just be
fore adjournment that to-morrow's ses
sion be secret, and a motion to this ef
fect was passed, though some of the
members professed Ignorance erf the
reason for secrecy.
It is reported that a secret meeting
is in progress this evening at the house
of Senor Parragas, where the dissolu
tion motion to be argued on Saturday
is under preliminary consideration.
The Cuban generals, Diaz, Montea
gudo, larz, Betancourt and Peraza,
who held a secret meeting last night
after consulting their command with
reference to the course to be taken in
the controversy between Gomez and
the Assembly, reported to-day that
they had decided to accept the $3,000,
--000 for the soldiers, and also to help to
organize a new Cuban army of 10,000
men under the American administra
tion.
Meanwhile the Cuban muster rolls
are not yet in the hands of General
Brooke. " They were last seen by an
American officer in Guanabaeoa, when
they were in the : ss ssion of General
Ttoloff, the Cuban inspector general.
From his hands they probably passed
to the Military Assembly, and if the
Assembly still posseses them the pay
ment can be indefinitely delayed mere
ly by the withholding of the rolls from
LOWEZYHSKI IS
HELD FOR PERJURY
Cannot Escape Swiss
Authorities.
Special Dispatch to Th* Call.
Caii Headquarters, Wellington Hotel,
Washington, March 23.
The State Department has been look-
Ing up the record of the . uneri- j
can citizen who was in Prague. Switz- ,
erland, making himself generally ob- i
noxious and offensive. Perjury com-
I before the American Consul is
igainst him in addition.
This man at first gave his name as
Anton Morescz, and claimed to reside
in Oakland. He said he had been a I
doctor in the Third California Volun- i
teers. and had fought at Santiago, Ban
Juan and elsewhere in Cuba, and that
be was now on a furlough. He pro- ■
duced naturalization papers issued to
Morescz, which appeared to be in !
r enough form with the exception
lie red ink. interlineations. He j
was equipped with military insignia,
decorations and American flags, but ;
notwithstanding all this he was sus- j
: of being an Unposter. He broke
. that his name was
Lowezynski; that he lived in San Fran- j
Cisco, and that he had borrowed the i
naturalization papers of Morescz, who j
lives in Oakland. Lowezynski was then ,
identified as a Pole, who had in times j
past been regarded as a dangerous
Russian anarchist.
ezynskl said that his wife lived
at 105 Stelner street, San Francisco, but
he had been absei t from her for a year.
He is yet in prison at Prague for per
jury, which is a very serious offense
Itzerland.
Lowezynski arrived in this city dur-
Ing the early part of last year, and
a hand-to-mouth existence. He
assumed the title of Count, and was
n to the habitues of a downtown
music hall by that high-sounding ap- j
pellation. He managed to be introduced ,
to Mrs H. L. Fabry, who was the j
widow of the well-known merchant of j
that name, who was accidentally
asphyxiated by gas In August, 1897. He
ed her to be possessed of a large
sum of money left her and her son by j
her first husband, and he paid ardent j
court and won her. Two weeks after !
their engagement he secured a marriage ;
iceni and they were united b, •Judge
T v Coffey ai the r-sidence of the
bride's mother, Mrs. A. yon Gerzabek, ,
Wlthln^a week after the wedding the
imposter managed to secure $500 and a j
lot -f Jewelry from his wife and left
this city for Chicago, where he alleged .
he had a medical practice °. n lt h js t T ' '
rival in the Windy City he visited his
wife's relatives and borrowed a few
hundred dollars on the Jewelry' and de
-1 "was ' known throughout
the country as a clever faker. It was
his plan to simulate suicide in front of j
a handsome residence, and on being j
cared for by those who found him he I
would work on their sympathies and j
receive substantial aid to tide him over
what h« represented to be temporary |
I the American authorities. If the As- J
j sembly should dissolve next Saturday, ■
; alter ordering the disbandment of the !■
army, with permission to accept Ameri- '
1 can momey, as it Is asserted will be the
case, the Americans probably would
ills immediately. If the As- \
semblj should not dissolve, it would
still hold the key to the situation, for
ral Gomez does not seem able to
■■ gel the rolls by persuasion, and his lack
:ial authority makes it impossible
for him to demand them. Therefore,
tion of the Assembly is awaited
w .'.;-. particular interest.
General Brooke has notified the de
partment '■■ rs to hold them
selves in readii ome to Havana
to meet Secretary Alger. They are now
submitting reports as to the number
of Cuban officers holding positions un- j
der them. The city of Havana alone
shows nearly 400. Ttie other depart
ments have not completed their re
.\.• pt Puerto Principe, where
dier tieneral Carpenter reports
that Cubans hold ninety-three out of
150 offices.
The decree establishing a Supreme
| Court for Cuba will be published to
iw. The curt, which is a pro
visional institution, necessarily is
based upon the former Cuban Court of
Last Appeal, which Madrid Intended t>
operate until the laws of the autonom*
egime had been thoroughly re
vised. It is adapted to the present
s of the island. It will consist of
one presiding judge and six associate
judges. The salary of the presiding
judge will be $8000 a year in American
gold. The law under which it is con
stituted requires the presence of five j
judges in rendering sentence in an or
i dlnary case and of all seven in the case
of a sentence to death or perpetual
punishment.
The court will have jurisdiction over j
criminal actions against even its pre- ;
; siding Judge, as well as all civil of
ncials and the military societies in the
provinces. It will decide questions of
jurisdiction between inferior tribunals,
and will generally supervise the admin
istration of justice in Cuban territory.
The direction and control of the court
is vested in the Presiding Judge, and
all its members must be Cubans or
swear to accept the new Government
of Cuban territory.
General Brooke has issued an order
forbidding the sale or possession of lot
tery and raffle tickets of any descrip
tion under penalty of confiscation and
fine.
A sentinel on the Toledo plantation
y. sterday ordered an armed Cuban
about entering to halt. The Cuban, ig
i noting the order, pushed on, and the
; corporal of the guard, who was sum
i moned by th- sentinel, arrested the cf
•■ and started to take him through
Marianao to < l^neral Lee's camp. While;
pasing a house in Marianao the two
Americans were accosted by eight Cu
bans who came out with rifles leveled, I
were told to release the prisoner.]
\s the Cubans had such an obvious ad
vantage th*- prisoner was released, but |
the Americans immediately reported j
the incident to General Lree. who sent;
Major Russell Harrison, the provost;
marshal to General Mayia Pvodriguez, ;
who instructed that the Cuban should j
be surrendei ed
distress. He was compelled to flee from
the city of Mexico and Chicago, as his
practice became notorious, :ind he was
in danger of arrest.
Th<- mother of Mrs. Lowezynski be-
Ueves her daughter was hypnotized by
the scoundrel, and she was instru
mental in having the latter take this
means of ridding herself of a distaste
ful name and its 'unworthy owner.
HANOVER KILLED BY
THE CHLOROFORM PROCESS
The Famous American Thoroughbred
Stallion Is Put to
Death.
LEXINGTON. Ky.. March 23.— The fam
ous American thoroughbred stallion Han
over, H years old, by Hindo, dam by
Bourbon Bell, was put to death to-day by
the chloroform process. (Jangrene in the
left foot rendered the destruction of the
necessary. Milton Young declined
offers of $65,000 and $76,000 for him. Han
over was the sire of Hamburg, Haima.
Holiday and the Commoner. He led
winning sir. s for the last three years.
TANGLE OF THE TRUSTEES.
Trouble Increased in the Los Angeles
Library.
LOS ANGELES. March 23.— The im
broglio of the library trustees, caused by
the refusal of Mrs. Harriot Wadleigh to
and refusing to step out after her
lon was declared vacant, is further
complicated by the. refusal of Editor C.
D. Willard, in an open letter, to accept
the position after unanimous election. At
the trustees' meeting to-day Mrs. Wad
leigh attempted to act as secretary, as is
; required, but the board refused to hear
ad Hie minutes or act in any form.
Resolutions were adopted demanding
that Miss Gleason be designated as clerk
pro tern., and that the president of the
board be authorized to assume control of
th.- library ana serve without compensa
tion. The belief Is general that Willard
will accept If the appointment is approved
by the board, which assumes duty on
j Saturday.
Registration of Pure Arabs.
NEW rORK. March 23.— A meeting of
the stewards of the Jockey Club was held
The following resolution was
adopted:
"K. solved, That the registration of pure
Arabs be accepted in the studbook, to be
classified under the head of Arabs. Such
Arabs, if Imported, must either have beer.
registered in some recognized studbook
abroad as pure Arabs or nave their pedi
for five generations certified by a
sheik. If bred in this country, to be de
scendante of such horses."
The applications for reinstatement
lodged by Jockey John G. Dorsey and
Trainers John Croker and Luke Tully
were denied. Jockey George C. Cox was
restored to all privileges under the Jockey
Club rules.
Worthless Bonds Burned.
LOS ANGELES, March 23.— The func
tion of burning $400,000 worth of bonds in
the City Hall in lots of ten at a time by
legal process was enacted this morning.
The property cremated was funding
bonds that had been issued March 1, 18&5.
These bonds were by the Supreme Court
declared illegal and Freeman G. Teed,
then President of the Council, refused to
sign them. Subsequently representing
the liability of the city they could not be
destroyed save In the manner prescribed
by law. The bonds were declared Illegal
because they were made payable to the
Chemical National Bank, New York,
whereas the law requires municipal bonds
to be payable at the. city treasury only.
Archbishop Hennessey Very 111.
DUBUQT'E. lowa. March 23.—Arch
bishop Hennessey is seriously ill at the
archiepiscopal residence here. He was
suddenly stricken after dinner yesterday.
His speech Is affected, leading to the as
sumption that he Is suffering from pa
ralysis. It is also feared hlB train la af
fected.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 24, 1899.
MINNIE ADAMS'
SHAMEFUL PAST
TOLD IN COURT
Preliminary Hearing
Begun.
WILSON GRAY'S TESTIMONY
POSITIVETHE WOMAN POISONED
THEIR CHZLD.
Two Important Points Brought Out
in the Evidence Given by Dr.
Zabala, the Autopsy
Surgeon.
Two points were brought out In the pre
liminary examination of Mrs. Minnie Ad
ams, charged with the poisoning of her
2-year-old child, yesterday afternoon that
appeared to cause the defense no small
degree of uneasiness.
The. examination was being conducted
before acting Police Judge Barry, sitting
; in Judge Mogan's court, and Wilson (Iray,
the father of the babe, had concluded his
testimony without, however, throwing
any material light on the tragedy that he
hns not already made public. Dr. Za
bala. autopsy physician for the Coroner,
was on the stand, and had described the
burns or scars on the child's body caused
by the carbolic acid. Under close ques
tioning by Prosecuting Attorney Carpen
ter Dr. Zabala testified that there were
no marks whatever on the. little one's
hands, although thi* mouth, cheeks, chin,
and even the neck were seared with the
fiery stuff.
This would tend to support tho theory
' of the prosecution that the child had been
| held and the ucid forced down its throat,
for it seems entirely probable that had he
taken the acid himself, when it began
; to burn his mouth h>» would Instinctively
j peek to wipe away the cause of the smart
! ing with his little hands.
The second point was developed by the
attorneys for the defense during the
cross-examination of Dr. Zabala, and as
soon as they discovered they had poked
into a mare's nest they dropped that line
of questioning, but the prosecution was
not slow to pick it up again on redirect
examination. Dr. Zabala had testified
that the baby's face was hurned on each
side, from the corners of the mouth to
the lobe of the ears, a uniform line mark
ing the course of the fluid.
The defense sought to show that these
might have been caused by the mother
wiping out the little sufferer's mouth with
a cloth or towel and.dra wing it across the
cheeks. Attorney Eruilfoyle pressed the
witness for an answer on that point and
the doctor expressed his opinion that the
marks would not have been so distinct
the entire length hail th> y been caused
in that manner. From their appearance
he was satisfied that the acid had flowed
from the mouth across the cheeks and
had not been brushed across with a cloth.
Attorney Gullfoyle appeared to be some
what taken aback at this and dismissed
th" witness, but Carpenter took him up
again and made, him describe the scars
more at length.
<;ray and Dr. Zabala were the only two
witnesses examined and the hearing w;is
continued until this afternoon. Mrs.
Adams was in court early. attendfnl by
her counsel, Messrs. CaldweU, Sweeney nnd
Guilfoyle. H*»r father and brothers, with
a few friends, were also present. Police
Sergeant Duke and Patrolman Graham
were seated by the Prosecuting Attorney.
ready to render what assistance lay in
their power.
Gray first took the stand and told of
his relations with the defendant. He said
the dead child was the fruit of those re
lations. They separated three or four
months ago, the woman taking the child
with her. After that she visited dray at
his room, 1147 Harrison street, about once
a week. He wanted to put the child in a
home, but she would not consent to it.
Once she told him the boy had got hold
of a bottle of carbolic acid and if he ever
did again she would let him drink it.
When she started to leave the room she
put her hand behind her and said: "You'd
better be careful how you talk or you'll
get your brains blown out." On March
13 Gray received a note from Mrs. Adams
paying the child was dead. He went out
to the house with the police officers and
accused the woman of causing its death.
Gray had an uncomfortable time of it
at the hands of the attorneys for the de
fense, but the court saved him from an
swering several embarrassing questions,
Buch as whether he had been arrested for
breaking up the furniture of their home,
and regarding his dismissal from the
army. He said he had given the child
clothing and toys amounting to less than
$5, but had not contributed to its support
'ince his separation from the mother, be
cause last July she took $2t>.~> of his money
and never gave any of it back.
Dr. Zabala next testified to the result of
the autopsy and said that death was un
doubtedly due to carbolic acid. He visited
the house when the child lav dead in the
absence of Coroner Hill and Prosecuting
Attorney Carpenter showed him the bottle
which contained the acid. The doctor
was of the opinion that It was empty, or
practically so, when he saw It at the
house ami the defense intimated pretty
strongly that it had been tampered with
by the police. They asked the Judge to
order it into the keeping of the court, but
as it had not been formally placed In evi
dence he refused to do so.
The hearing goes on again this after
noon.
MRS. ADAMS IS NOW
QUITE INDIFFERENT
Pays No Apparent Attention to Wil
son Gray's Damaging Testi
mony.
Listless, Indifferent _.nd altogether calm,
Mr 3. Minnie Adams sat In court beside
her attorneys, apparently unaware of the
damaging testimony being offered against
her by the man who is the father of her
dead boy. Seated well back in her chair,
ehe gazed straight ahead, never for one
moment letting her expressionless china
: blue eyes move in the direction of the
man who was trying so hard to swear
away her life. While he explained in de
! tail the circumstances of their "house
keeping." their final separation and her
subsequent visits in company with the
1 dead child to his Harrison-street room
not the flutter of an eyelash betrayed
' that she either heard what was said or
' caw the man who was delivering himself
| of his testimony, and all the while watch
ing the prisoner with the glued gaze of a
lynx.
The rude recital of the pathetic scene
i around the bier of the dead babe
| touched her not; the description of burns
I that disfigured the tiny face left her un
i moved, with shining eyes peering into
! the distance. It was only when Gray told
i how he stood beside the coffin of his
child and cried, "Minnie, you have done
this," that the fixed stare shifted and
the eyes of the woman accused of mur
dering her own child jumped madly, flash
ing furtively to either side and then re
lapsed with their long, fixed meaningless
stare.
There were no "outward trappings of
woe" about Mrs. Adams. No bit of bla^k
I recall thoughts of the child she claims
; loved and now mourns for. Gray
i his hat banded with an uncouth bit
coarse, rusty crepe that appeared in
ange contrast with the face of the
n that wore it as a badge of mourn-
After he had finished his testimony
still hung about tho courtroom, eag
y intent upon the testimony (if Dr.
cabala, > > J t managing to watch the
woman he claims killed his child.
■\Yhen court adjourned Mrs. Adams
nodded a careless good-hy to her father,
mother and sister, who had been inter
ested spectators, and followed the officer
Ik to her o*-ll in the City Prison.
lie went back to the prison with a sigh
contentment and expressed her relief
the Interviewer.
I'm gbid to get back to the prison,"
said. "It was a long afternoon in
rt and T am tired. I'm tired of every
ig. Tired of being away from my chil
n, tired of being away from my peo-
I have no doubt but that my case
! will come out all right and that it will be
over in a few days, and I shall be glad,
for I am tired and want to go home."'
| The modicum of intelligence with which
! Mrs. Adams is endowed is just of a qual
ity sufficient to make a thinking animal
of her. She lacks the powr either to
love or to hate. She is "sorry her boy is
dead," but it is a sorrow that has its
being only from the tips of her lips. Gray
sine "has no use. for," and the greatest
depth of hatred she can cherish against
him she calmly sums up in her senten
tious description, "He's a pretty bad lot
tery ticket.
Only one bit of the testimony, seeming
ly unimportant, interested her, and it was
the squabble between her attorneys and
the prosecution over the bottle that had
contained the fatal dope of acid. "I've
been tricked." she declared, with a great
show of importance, "tricked about those
remaining drops of acid in the bottle.
There was none left— they put It in there,
nnd now they will be going to prove it
was diluted. I've been tricked, but I
have found it out and have told my at
torney about it."
That there is a possibility that she will
be held for murder Mrs. Adams will not
f.>r a moment entertain. "I never killed
my boy," she said, "and they must let
me go."
FIRE ENGINEERS FINED.
Two of Them Convicted of Neglect of
Duty and Carelessness.
The. Fire Commissioners met yesterday
afternoon and fined Engineer Mcl^augh
lln nf engine 18 thirty days' pay, and En
glneer McShane of engine 24 ten days'
pay for neglect of duty and carelessness.
The board recommended the transfer of
an old engine to the Almshouse for fire
protection and a quantity of hose to the
Street Department for flushing purpose?.
Thomas Mahoney of truck 5 resigned
and "William Cunniffe was ajipointed to
fill the vacancy. Maurice Barrett was
promoted from steward of chemical en
gine 1 to driver of engine 20, and H. Bar
cowitz was appointed hoseman of en
gine 2.
Liquor Men Dine.
The German Saloon-keepers' Aspnria
tlon held its annual banquet in California
Hall, on Bush street, last night. The cele
bration was a twofold one. The associa
tion has just elected a new set of officers,
and besides this a somewhat tardy cele
bration of the success of the San Fran
cisco Protective Association, of which
this is a part, at the last election was
held. The association indorsed ten can
didates for members of the Board of Su
pervisors and every one of thfrn was
elected. Representatives o# the Brewers'
Union, the Liquor Dealers' Protective As
sociation, the Soda Water Dealers' Pro
tective Association, the Beer Bottlers'
Protective Association, the Grocers' Pro
tective Association and the Barkeepers'
and Saloon-keepers' Protective Associa
tion wore invited to the banquet.
After an excellent dinner speeches w<Te
made by John Hagler, president of the
Saloon-keepers' Association, J. T. Hurley
of the Retail Grocers' Protective Union
and many others. The officers of the as
sociation are: John Hagler, president;
Richard Kummerlander, vice-president;
Gustav Gunther, treasurer; F. Fortmann.
secretary. Finance committee— D. B. Fak
tor, Richard Kummerlander. John Hag
ler; trustees — Valentine Hasemer, Captain
Slevers. The association is already laving
plans for the fall campaign.
SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY CROPS
WILL BE GREAT
Inspected by Railroad
Officials.
RAINSWERE MOST OPPORTUNE
WHEAT PRODUCT WILL BE THE
LARGEST FOR YEARS.
Ample Transportation Facilities Will
Be Provided by the Santa Fe
and Valley Rail
roads.
According to the present outlook, as
viewed by a party of officials of the Val
ley road who have just returned from a
tour of inspection through the San Joa
quin Valley, that section will afford the
largest amount of freight that has come
out of that valley in many a year.
On Tuesday last William A. Bissell, as
sistant traffic manager of the Santa Fe
FVPtPim, accompanied by Captain A. H.
Pay son, second vice president; John
Mosh. traffic manager, and William B.
Storey, engineer and general superin
tendent of the Valley road, left here for
a trip over the line, with the object of
studying conditions relative to the needs
of the valley in the way of passenger
and freight transportation facilities. At
Stockton the party was joined by General
Passenger Agent Byrne of the Southern
California and hy A. D. vSchindler, divi
sion superintendent of the Valley road,
and at Fresno by General Freight Agent
Chambers of the same line. The route
of travel was to Kakersfleld by way of
Viaalia, returning by way of Hanford.
It was found that the rains had done
wnndf-rs for the crops, though too late
in some instances to be of any great ben
efit. From reports made by expert grain
men along the line it was learned that
the wheat crop would average about 60
per cent. The area planted to grain this
year is greatly in excess of that of any
previous year, and a 60 per cent crop,
therefore, means that the yield will be
enormous. The damage to the apricot
and peach crops was found to be not as
great as first reported, yet the injury
will be considerable. All other deciduous
fruits will show excellent returns.
Traffic Manager Moss, when seen last
evening shortly after his return, was
much elated over the indications for a
prosperous season for the valley. He
Stated that while the rains had not been
as heavy in the upper portion of the val
ley, about Rakersiield. as was desired,
they had yet been sufficient to Insure
good crops', with late showers and no
blighting weather.
He thought there, would be plenty
freight for both transportation compa
nies in the valley. The rolling stock of
the A'alley road will be reinforced by
that of the Santa Fe, as by the time the
crops art- ready to be moved the track
arrangements between the Southern Pa
ine and the. Santa Fe. between Bakers
fleld and Mojave, will be in operation.
. ral Passenger Agent Byrne's trip
was mad" with the view to learning what
trains it would be necessary to put on
to run from Mojave in connection with
the service of the Valley road, so as to
make the through run to Stockton, and
later to San Francisco, with the great
est convenience to the patrons of the
The. road was found in excellent condi
tion despite the heavy rains, and the of
ficials are confident that sixty miles an
hour will be an easy achievement over it.
CRUSHED HIS
SKULL LIKE
AN EGGSHELL
A Venturesome Sol
dier's Sad Fate.
A fatal accident marred the trip of the
Ninth Infantry regulars, bound for Ma
nila, about 2 o'clock yesterday afternoon.
It happened at the Broadway wharf,
where the troops were boarding the City
Puebla preparatory to their ocean voy
ago. The victim, Henry McCall. was a
member of Company I and was among
yesterday's arrivals from the East.
" Shortly after the soldiers left the ferry
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
?&¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ********************^
.., ._ Rpa.d the
♦ SS^T* i'co.denß.Kß.xa.r.'l or *
ft before buying. caufozvuts i*Kn%T—AMEmc*s q-haxtdest stor£. advertisement in
ft /ft. ALL'DATf *y9-~S ♦
♦ \sf>rc/AL Sales ■■— AT J
♦ Special Sale all day Friday. ♦
{ Remnants Colored Dress Goods ♦
£ One-Half Original Prices. *
♦ To-day only, our entire line of Remnants in Colored Dress Fabrics at one-half
♦ the original prices— the very best materials in the Dress Goods market, ranging in
J length from lv' to 6 yards. ♦
ft $1.00 Remnants (or sOc $3.75 Remnants for $1.37 J
♦ $2.25 Remnants for . $1.12 $4.30 Remnants for. $2.15 J
♦ $5.00 Remnants f0r...52.50 +
ft Children's and Infants' - Chocolate color Vici Kid Button *
ft Stioes — fancy cloth vesting tops — turned sewed sole — ♦
ft Infants' sizes, 1 to 5, regularly $1 — to-day 570 ♦
♦ Children's sizes. 5 to 8. regularly $1.25 to-day 79 C J
J Percales and Madras Cloth — Best grade— 36 inches wide— good J
]T range of colorings— were 10c and 12^c yard — to-day OO _
J Lace Curtains pairs Nottingham Lace Curtains— 3}* yards long, 45
& inches wide — handsomely patterned — would be cheap at $1.25 a — to-day...
ft 98c +
ft Toilet Articles— 2oc sprinkler bottles Violet Almond Meal— for the toilet «
♦ and bath— to-day *"» ♦
♦ Violet de Panne Toilet Deliciously perfumed— 3sc boxes spe- ♦
♦ cial to-day ISC J
2 Motions—^First-class Corset Steels, 4. sor 6 hooks — covered with good jean J
j^ black, white or gray — to-day, per pair *+O
ft Large size ]0c cubes of Pins, containing black, white and assorted colors— to-day..
ft Hulbert's Fine Stationery -Dorchester brand— 4 tints — new shape en-
♦ velope— 3sc box of 49 pieces, 18c ; octavo size — square envelopes — box ♦
♦ of 49 piece? Wo ♦
♦ Photograph Frames— We Paris panel size — plate glass with gilt beveled *
it edge and solid wooden back — to-day 280
♦ These on sale until to-morrow night: ♦
Ak *•
ft Emporium Eastern Hants better— regularly 12^c lb— this week lOC <f
ft Emporium Family Flour— the equal to any — th ; week 50-lb sack for BOC «*
ft Morning Beauty Sugar Corn — sound and sweet — regularly 10c can — this week..#C ♦
♦ Vulcan Matches— reeu'arly 7c package for sc, or gross, regularly 85c, for. sSc J
♦ Pure California Olive Qtl—\&rve bottles— regularly 60c — while supply lasts. 500 J
£ Famous Wilson Pure Rye Whiskey— bottling— well aged
U —perfect flavor— regularly $1.25 bottle 51.05 *
ft Port Wine — good quality— this week, per gallon :55C <*•
ft Genuine French Vermouth — this week, per bottle, only SBO "*•
44^44**** ****** *******44441^
A CRUSH GREETS MELBA
IN THE ROLE OF JULIET
Picturesqueness and Vocal Grace
Mark the Personation.
BY ASHTON STEVENS.
MEL/BA sang; and as a matter of course it was an "on" night
with a swell crush. The Ellis season will be remembered for
two sorts of nights: The Melha nights and the others; for
one sort the Grand Opera-house has not been big enough, for
the other it has been too big. Such Is the fancy of the crowd. And yet
every opera produced has been given the best cast possible in the re
sources of the company: the singers have been selected for their special
accomplishment in certain parts, and wisely selected. Gadski's Alda is
a thing to treasure, so is De L,ussan's Carmen. But the passionate thou
sands have not congested on Gadski and De Lussan nights. It were a
different tale had Melba sung these parts, and sung them never so
badly. Not the opera but the singer has been the thing all through
the season. Fortunately Melba's endurance is as limited as her stock
of parts, and we have heard her only in the pieces that provide special
vent for her easy temperament and canary vocalization.
Last night it was the "Romeo and Juliet" of Gounod, a work
musically notable for increasing one's admiration for "Faust." There
is a great balcony scene in "Romeo and Juliet." full of voluptuous
"Fausf'-like music and incongruously parted in the middle by a second
rate male chorus; a Queen Mah song for the barytone; a concerted gem
that includes a trio and a quartet, and a dinky little waltz song, as good
as Arditti at his worst, for the soprano. Melba had to sing the waltz
twice last night. The audience gave it a perfect "Wahash" reception.
Mdba's Juliet, which is nw to up except fnr the nervous balcony
scene that she participated In on the fateful night at the California
Theater last season that ended ha a flre. Is a feat In sentimental anil
ornamental singing and pretty deportment. Tt is sweet to hear and gaze
upon. Tt makes not the slightest dent in your serious emotions, hut gives
you a deal of graceful entertainment. Tn fact, that is the schema of the
whole opera, and the less you think about William Shakespeare the
more you enjoy it. Perhaps one of our amiable young composers — De
Koven. for instance — will even up with France one of these days in an
opera on "Cyrano de Bergerae." I wonder that "Cyrano" isn't tuned up
already.
But, as T was saying. M»!ha's Juliet is very picturesque and very
fragrant. She really looks amazingly young and comely in the part,
and she sings the music with the best voice and art that modern
vocnldom has to offer it. Once get your expectations on a level with
the opera — forget the subtle character, the enthralling life-likeness of
Melba'a Mlrrri in the "Boheme"— forget that modern music has come into
its own dramatic idiom, and that Shakespeare's Juliet is the most
thrilling woman in the literature of passion — in a word, accept her as
Mile. Capulet. nothing more, and you will pleasure in the graces of
Melba's performance.
Not the least remarkable feature of this season is the fact that
Melba has not had a single off night. Others in the company have had
their vocal ups and downs, hut Melha has been in perfect voice at
every appearance. Her first note last night gave us the sense of se
curity: and she continued the same to the end. singing the waltz with
Indescribable delicacy of tone and articulation, the balcony scene with
tender nuances in the "half voice." and the big duet with telline
sonority and a fair measure of excitement. In the concerted music in
the friar's cell her tone came out at its fullest, true, spotless, ringing.
and with never a blare to indicate that the actual limit was reached.
With the rest of the cast I can deal in milder terms. The pro
duction as a whole was not all that it might have been. The orches
tra, under Seppilli. was in good hands, but the choruses were not as
firm as usual, and one important part, Mercutio. was wretchedly sung
by De Vries. Of course illness is the only explanation, for we have
heard valuable singing from Dp Vries time and time again; hut what
ever the cause, a prominent part was ruined in all but the acting, and
even that was not up to its mark for vigor.
Bonnard ended up with a Romeo that stormed the whole house: but
as before he started badly. His voice was choky and evasive of the pitch
until the scene at the Friar's: there he got himself in control and after
that the notes rang round and honest and the honors were well balanced
between him and Melba. Boudouresque contributed a good Friar Law
rence Van Cauteren did another bit of unobtrusive character in the
nurse, Stehman was admirable as Capulet, and Mattfeld sang her lit
tle song rather neatly in the annexed role of Romeo's page.
v naf thpv marrhed to the transport. They
or a der ,^h Ob ha" he reached his perilous
I neSed thY appalling affair expected to see
a body drop into the water when the ves
c*>l ric-hted itself again.
Instead of this flcCall clung to the
wharf "long enough to enable bystanders
To rla4 a rope around his body and haul
him to the dock. In this operation he
ereatlv assisted them and did not loose
ronsciousufss until he had been landed.
He was sent with all possible speed to
the Presidio Hospital, but was soon be
yond surgical aid and in an hour after the
accident happened he was dead
The accident was characterized by those
! who witnessed it as sickening in the ex-
I treme. As the unfortunate boy"s head
was slowly ground in the vise-like clamp
the skull split, opening a gap about five
inches in width. That death did not re
sult instantly is a perplexity. Every bone
in the skull was fractured, and the head
itself was almost n pulp. Fully three
minutes elapsed before he lost conscious
ness, which, in the face of his terrible in
jury, is remarkable.
McCall was but IS years of age. His
home is in Penryn, N. V., where he en
listed a short time ago. He has a brother
In Company G of the same regiment,' who
was near by him when the affair happen
ed. The boy is almost heart-broken over
his brother's misfortune. He has made
arrangements for the shipment of the
body home.
Bogus Count a Defendant.
At a recent date it was exclusively an
nounced in the columns of The Call that
Mrs. Anna W. de Lawczynski was about
to bring suit against her husband,
"Count" Theophile Floryan de Lawczyn
ski, for a divorce. Yesterday the suit was
filed, the plaintiff alleging desertion and
failure to provide as a cause of action.
The defendant. It is believed, is now in
Vienna.
James Rsavis' confession of how
he forged the great Beavls Feralta
land claims, in next Sunday's CalL
56
Friday MARCH 24, 1899
-. JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main IS6S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Si:if?!e Copies. !i cents.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage:
SAIL.T CAM, (including Sunday Cail). one year *o'I^!
DAILY CALL (including; Sunday Call). 6 months 3.00 ,
r>AJLY CALL (including Sunday Call), i months IJS«
DAILY CALL— By Single Month "Oc j
SUNDAY CALL One Year en j
WEEKLY CALL. One Year I '°° i
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
• Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
DAKLAND OFFICE ~ ~ 908 Broadway j
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building |
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquctte Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock 337 rjaye» street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:50
o'clock 615 Lar^ln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-ISAI Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- £29! Market
itrcst. corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2313
Mission street,* open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 930 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second an«
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Rob Roy."
Grand Opera. House "Cannel
Tivoli— "The Mikado."
Alcazar — "Nerves."
Orrheum — Vaudeville.
Alhambra— "La Belle Marie."
Chutes. Zoo and Free Vaudeville every afternoon
md evening.
Olympla— Corner Mason and E'.lis streets, Specialties.
Central Park— The Steeplechase.
AUCTION SALES.
By 6. H. Umbsen & Co.— Monday. March 27, at 12 o'clock
n.. at 14 Montgomery street, Real Estate.
• ' By Ea?ton, Eldrldge & Co.— Tuesday, March, 2S, at 12 m.,
it 6SS Market street. Real Estate.
QUESTION OF APPOINTING SENATORS.
P T**HE report from Washington that Governor
i Pennsylvania has decided to appoint
* Senator Quay to succeed himself in default of
:: by the I re of that State may, we
be acce] the iridescent dream of an
. lent rather than the settled de
: a rational man. However, there is
t Governor Stone issuing a com-
Quay, nor is there anything to prevent the
Delaware. Utah and California exer
: ge with reference to the va
•,it the prospect of the Senate
reversing the precedent it set in the Oregon and
ting the appointees is too remote to
.red. The principle involved is one which
■ ever, in our ; . be relinquished by that
I -■ tes statute the Legislature is
i and after the first Tuesday after organiza
• noon every day during its session for
a Senator. When it deliberately adjourns without
held that the legislative will has
The people, through their represen
'. they do not want a Senator.
The Legislature is the authority appointed by the
Fed*.- choose Senators, and to as
ter the people have refused to elect, the
: nor — who is authorized to appoint only in
acancies by death or resignation — may
:i.->urp their functions and name his personal choice
■ • law entirely. The Senate decided
Fter a thorough debate and a full con
the statute. Senator Quay, with all his
:nce — even were he to bring to his aid the par
lisanj sides of the chamber — would not in
;ur opinion be able to reverse this rule.
times reverse themselves and legisla
te 1 rvative as the Federal Senate often
inion, but this usually happens in cases
where doubt has existed or new facts have appeared
:o change the status of the question. Here the reason
:f the r:-.le is apparent, and nothing ought to change
to upset a principle founded upon the
plain reading of the constitution and the strongest
grounds of public policy.
RUSHING WORK ON THE GAP.
/■"•OLLIS P. HUNTINGTON has kept his recent
I promise to begin work on the gap in the Coast
road and to push it vigorously forward. It is
ted that large forces of men are now at work
line between Soiedad and Santa Mar
garita stra g out. curves and laying new rails,
the contractors are hurrying
.it to grade the roadbed and construct
•
From tl as to be the intention of
:lie Southern Pacific Company not only ro close the
: fifty-five miles between Surf and Elwood. but
■ iul and improve the whole line from San
south. This work is probably necessary in
new of t! crease of traffic certain to be car
ried on over the hne when it has been made a thor-
Fare.
It seems from this that the Southern Pacific man
igers have at last awakened to a sense of the situa
:iu:i. The whistle of the locomotives on the Valley
Road carrying competition down the whole length
j\ the San Joaquin has awakened the old monopoly
- 'umbers and turned the attention of Mr.
Fiuntington from railroads in South Africa to those
n California.
By the connection of the Valley Road with the
: Fc system the competition established in the
s.an Joaquin has been extended across the continent,
ft is clearly high time for the Southern Pacific to do
something in California besides politics. Hence the
•udden determination of the company to fulfill the
promise made ■ to the men who gave rights
31 way for the closing of the gap.
It is shown by these results that the promoters ot
:he Valley Road were not only enterprising them
selves, but were the cause of enterprise in others.
They not only broke the monopoly of the Southern
Pacific, but they broke its stagnation. They induced
activity in other departments of the company than
c of law and politics, and Mr. Huntington has
seemingly given orders for his men to "get a move
in" all along the line.
If a man is not to be responsible when he directs
li? hor?e over a pedestrian he has no right to drive.
Mrcet cars co almost every place, and anyhow tha«
talking is Rood, and if idiots quit driving there will
3e an end to useless tragedy.
The peace officer who killed a boy at Colma has
yccA held for murder. He is lucky not to have been
xeld by means of a rope.
ThjE SIGNATURE LAW.
THE bill passed by the late Legislature requiring
the signature oi the writer to a specified class of
news, local or editorial matter, printed and pub
lished in a newspaper has become a law in due form,
; and will take effect at the expiration of thirty days
! from the 2ist inst.
This law provides that: "Every article, statement or
editorial contained in any newspaper or other printed
publication printed or published in this State, which
by writing or printing tends to blacken the memory
of one who is dead, or to impeach the honesty, in
tegrity, virtue or reputation, or publish the natural or
aileged defects of one who is alive, and thereby ex
pose him or her to public hatred, contempt or ridi
cule, must be supplemented by the true name of the
writer of such article, statement or editorial, signed
or printed at the end thereof." The penalty clause
provides that for failure to so print the signature of
the writer $iooo shall be forfeited by the owner, pub
lisher or proprietor, in a civil action by and in the
name of any person who may bring action therefor,
one-half to go to the State and the other half to the
plaintiff in such action.
The passage of such a law has been from time to
time agitated in this State for twenty-five years. It
presents a very interesting question, and it is well that
the Legislature has opened the way for its decision by
the courts.
The expansive nature of the law is very striking.
Its shelter is thrown over the memory of the dead of
i every age and country. Under it action would lie
; against a newspaper for saying, unsignatured. anything
j against the character of Nero, Caligula, Suwarrow,
; Alva, Benedict Arnold. Hyder All, Wirtz of j
I Andersonville prison, Wilkes Booth, Guiteau, Jesse I
! James, Sontag or Durrant. It also protects the liv- i
ing, from Chris Evans to Mrs. Botkin, to say nothing
of a different class of living people whose offenses
cannot be mentioned nor described without impeach
ment of their character.
To illustrate its effects: The Call of yesterday con
! tsined eighteen articles, of usual and ordinary news-
I paper matter, which fall under the provisions of the
law. Not one of them was libelous, nor malicious in
I intent. To comply with the law will make a news- !
paper page look like a hotel register or a subscription
list to a charity ball.
Various arguments have been made for such a law.
i Among these are that it constructs an individual
reputation for men employed to write on newspapers;
that it will build up a school of writers, like a special
1 school in art; that it will elevate the character of the
' press, and that it will protect personal privacy from
: intrusion and publicity.
It will do none of these things. To compel a writer
■ to sign his name only to matter blackening the mem
ory of the dead or impeaching the living, within the
comprehensive meaning of this law, is not to enhance
his reputation or give value to his individuality.
; Surely it is a far-fetched argument that a writer who
i does not sign his article laudatory of the dead and
i living is elevated in his profession by this law. In his
daily work every newspaper man. who holds the mir
ror of this busy, blundering, hurrying world up to
! nature, has occasion to use the memory of the dead
!as a good example, or bad, to the living. He rebukes
vice and holds the vicious up to hatred, contempt
and ridicule, as they deserve, and he seeks out the
| good among men, for the newspaper must truthfully
reflect it all.
The professional newspaper men, from reporters to
1 editorial writers, produce something to sell, and it is
bought by the owner of the newspaper. It then
: ct-ases to be their property, and is his property. As
well might the Legislature demand that a farmer shall !
i put his name on every potato and cabbage-head he
sends to market to protect his individuality.
The profession of journalism will be injured by this
law. A professional writer enters the service of a
newspaper to find a sale for his command of lan
guage. his genius in composition, his knowledge of
literature, politics, art, science, history and human
! character. This knowledge he sells. The newspaper
owner buys it and arranges the use of it, just as a
| client buys the legal knowledge of a lawyer. A Demo
cratic paper buys the product of a journalist who is a ;
! Republican, and dictates that product in the form of
\ articles upholding Democratic principles and attack
■ ing Republican principles and candidates. Under this
; law every criticism of a candidate must be signed, and,
when signed, a Republican writer's work on a Demo
i ciatic paper loses all value to the paper, for it is not
i taken then as the opinion of the paper, but as the mere
j personal opinion of the writer. As there is no Demo
! cratic paper in San Francisco this law would make im
i possible the employment of any Democratic political j
, journalist here. There would be no market for his
work.
Similar laws have failed to elevate the character of
the press wherever tried. Indeed, that character is
1 merely a reflex of the character of the community in
which the paper gathers its material for news and cdi
; torial treatment.
Censorship of the press has never elevated its char
•■ acter. Granting that the control of publicity by a
newspaper is a power of great weight, it is also a
power useful to the owner only while used under ex
actly the same restraints that are upon the control of
publicity which arises in free speech. An individual
who abuses the right of free speech habitually loses
. his influence and suffers in his material welfare.
Another feature of this law which is peculiar and
peculiarly obnoxious is that any one may bring suit i
'■ and recover under it. An unsigned reference to !
i Judas or Ananias is. ipso facto, a cause of action, and j
only the lack of signature need be proved to compel j
I a judgment and put $500 in the pocket of the plaintiff,
'a ho takes on the character of an informer. Since the
: days of Titus Oates and Jeffreys no such opening has j
been offered to human cupidity and malice.
Finally, it is not a law to punish offenses committed.
! It is a civil and not a criminal statute. Its penalty is j
i civil and not criminal, but it is collateral to the statute ',
of criminal libel. By signing his article the writer in- j
I curs no legal liability, but it is an admission by the
owner of the newspaper that he has published a
criminal libel, and so violates the legal principle that !
a man cannot be compelled to furnish testimony ;
1 against himself. So. too. it is statutory censorship of j
. the press. While Durrant was on trial a dramatized j
version of the incidents of his crime was prepared for
the stage by Mr. Daly. On application an injunction •
was issued against him by the Superior Court to re- j
1 strain the production of the play. In the proceeding i
to vacate the injunction the Supreme Court of the I
! State was reached, and there it was held that the Su- i
• perior Court had exceeded its jurisdiction. The court '
i said (see Daly vs. Superior Court, 112 Cal. 96) : j
"A court, even of equity jurisdiction, has no jurisdic- I
! tion to enjoin the production on a theatrical stage of j
' a play which represents scenes or facts connected with ;
,a homicide, even while the person accused of the
i homicide is on trial for murder. The right to write,
apeak or publish cannot be abused until it is exer- ,
j cised: before it is exercised there can be no respon-
I sibility. The purpose of this provision of the con
j stitution was the abolishment of censorship, and for
THE SAN FEAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. 3IABCH 24, 1899.
the courts to act as censors is directly violative of that
purpose."
That language stamps the law under discussion as
an attempt at statutory censorship. It requires some
thing prior to the exercise of the right to publish,
which right cannot be abused until it is exercised.
The constitution gives no shelter to automatic,
statutory censorship, which it denies to executive or
judicial censorship, and therefore this law is void.
BREAKING A TELEPHONE MONOPOLY.
WHILE telephone companies have been grasp
ing, greedy and aggressive in ' this country,
their practices have been mild in comparison
to the extortion which the National Telephone Com
pany has put upon the people of Great Britain. Lon
don in particular seems to have been looked upon by
the managers as a city given over to their looting, and
within its confined they have fixed so high the prices
for telephone service that none but Princes, mil
lionaires and Americans can afford to use it.
The result of the extortion has been a revolt on the
part of the British public. Acting in response to a
demand of the people for relief the Ministry has taken
up the subject, and a few days ago Parliament voted
the sum of 2,000,000 pounds sterling to equip the
Postoffice Department with a telephone system for
London, and at the same time authorized cities of
5C,000 inhabitants and upward throughout the king
dom to establish municipal telephones.
From a report of the debate on the bill given in a
recent issue of the London Chronicle we learn that the
defenders of the monopoly were unable to make an
effective reply to vhe charges brought against it, and
their only plea was that it would be unfair for the
Government to enter into competition with an enter
prise in which individuals have embarked so much of
their capital.
In moving the bill Mr. Hanbury said the National
Company had bought out all other telephone compa
nies and established a monopoly. It claimed a right
to go where it pleased or to refuse to go. It gave
service or refused service at will. It fixed prices to
suit itself, giving some customers low rates and prac
ticing extortion upon others. In short, it assumed all
sorts of privileges and repudiated all duty.
By reason of the possession of a monopoly the
company has fixed the standard price of telephone
service in London at £20 a year, while in the cities
of Continental Europe the price does not exceed
£10. and in Norway the price is less than £3. As a
consequence of the excessive charges Great Britain
is far behind other countries in the use of telephones.
In Norway and Sweden there is one telephone line
for every 145 inhabitants, in Germany one to every
140, in Switzerland one to every 170, while in Great
Britain there is but one to every 636 inhabitants.
In explaining the intentions of the Postoffice
Department with respect to the telephone service it
would put into operation Mr. H-anbury said: "We
do not propose to work on the system of subscription
only. We mean to popularize the system and throw
it open to every person, rich and poor alike." He
added that a yearly subscription in London would
probably not exceed £3.
Thus it will be seen that by trying to impose upon
London too far the British telephone monopoly has
led to its own overthrow. Just why the postoftice
should confine its operations to the metropolis and
leave other cities to establish municipal telephones is
not clear. The bill, however, seems to be generally
approved, and the Chronicle is sanguine that the
operation of the measure will soon be widened so as
to permit cities under 50,000 inhabitants to enjoy its
benefits.
THE EMBALMED ARMY BOARD.
THE Army Board of Inquiry into the matter of
roast beef, rotten beef and embalmed beef has
not succeeded in inspiring public confidence.
In fact, the body seems to be officially approaching
the conditions which militated against the popularity
of the meat. The members have not been treated with
chemicals, but their activity shows symptoms of
having been embalmed. It is true, however, that the
investigation has thus far led to an entertaining jun
ket, somewhat expensive, too, as will be found later.
It must appear to the unbiased observer that Gen
eral Miles has made out his case fully. He never
charged that all the beef was bad, and refutable wit
nesses have confirmed again and again the charges
he did prefer. They have sworn that beef was chemi
cally treated, but that even this had not arrested the
process of decay. They have sworn that tons of it
had to be buried, as, far from being fit to eat. the very
stench of it was sickening. Army men have testified
that there were maggots in some of the canned meat,
and that such of it as was free from this unpleasant
extra was stringy, disgusting to the eye, unpalatable
and innutritious. The men who tried to eat it were
sure to be attacked by illness, generally serious and
oftei fatal.
What more does the board want to find? What
jimpose can there be in further junketing? A great
and unforgivable crime has been committed. The
scoundrels have been exposed. The verdict should
contain the names of all the poison peddlers, and no
influence of wealth or station should permit any to es
cape a place on a lasting roll of dishonor. Poisoning
i? the most revolting method of murder, and employed
for the lust of gain it assumes its most hideous type.
General Miles cannot be termed a popular man, but
by his uncloaking a wholesale iniquity he has cer
tainly gained respect and adherents. As to the ap
parent hostility of the War Department, we hope it
is based on other ground. It is inconceivable that the
department should wish to shield evil-doers so grossly
anc 1 wantonly criminal, and for it to attempt to do so
would injure the administration in the judgment of
the nation, and the nation in the judgment of the
world.
The beef scandal has been the one blot on the
record of the war with Spain. The board can do much
to erase it. or it has power to render it indelible.
The first Kansas City woman who kissed Hobson
is not only a happy bride, but has made 416 other
spooney girls of that town to rejoice with hope and
purpose renewed. The men there had vowed never
to marry any girl who so far forgot herself as to
salute with her dewy lips the hero of the Merrimac.
Now the initial offender is on a wedding tour, the
spell is broken, the curse raised, and the promised
crop of old maids nipped in the bud.
Two mothers-in-law reclfritly united in an effort to
run the family affairs of a newly married couple, and
the speed -with which they ran them into the divorce
court argues much for the potency of the scheme.
Removal of the leper colony to Molokai would
probably be satisfactory to the patients. At least
Hawaii has always made a point of treating lepers to
the luxury of a roof under which to sleep.
While the police seem to have done well in nabbing
certain boy burglars, they have not nabbed the sec
ond-hand dealers who bought the booty and who
must have known it to have been stolen.
HOW MELBA SANG
She sans? as sing the birds at dawn-
When gilds the dewey hills.
When to the flushed and amorous morn
The skylark's song in rapture trills.
She sang as sing the birds at noon,
When shadows fill th* ambrosial
glade,
And gentle is the brooklet's croon.
O'er shinins strand where Dryads
played.
She sang as sing the birds at eve.
When gold and purple cloudlets sail,
And softly now begins to grieve
The nectar-hearted nightingale.
She sang and listening angels heard.
Tears, tribute, from their eyes did
fall.
I_ n ever heard her sing a word.
I read about it in The Call.
HE'S ONLY A HAS BEEN NOW.
Six months ago Daniel M Bums was the n,ost powerful man polHlcany
speaking, to be found In California. More men who ne S c O re of men. His
positions to him than to any other one man or t appeared in every county
long arm reached out over the whole State and geared were worth hav
convention where there were places to be d ' st p l |"*!_tion from San Francisco
ing. He brought to the State C ™vontlnn a -del *^tlon wo the delegates
that did his bidding h " u « up a majority of the
from other sections enough of his followers to mane
whole convention. tirP less worker, who understood men and made
He was a shrewd, silent tireless worker who u nder about to happen
politics his business. His predictions as to what *»«' not to be won
seemed to be almost msplred-they were so. "^^J**^toe process. His
dered at. considering that he for the most part dictate awe>
immediate followers looked upto hirn^ with , a sort
much as the poor, ignorant Indian regarns ' ifl d the or _
His influence in the party was. on th «J^ le L,^ orc f ™ d "ldll, he led
C last fated hour came, and he fell Into the trap which has proved
itllHSlfii
honor th; State has to offer he took a large sized risk, for a failure, if it
When the vote opened and it was discovered that his whole strength was
onU' t^nty-threr wh eh was less than that of his rival Grant his fol
lowers conter ted themselves with looking wise and assuring everybody that
\VL 1Z; things were ready. "Dan would show his hand." The theory
S the ™ taked-ou?' vote was sprung to account for his pitiful showing and
U was ejected that at the proper time it would be called In. This piece
of guttering humbug deceived a great many people, particularly the news-
correspondents at Sacramento, who spread the story over the State.
P The ballots showed how much substance there was in that theory. A
couple of votes were lifted from the Grant camp and one from General
Barnes by which supreme effort Burns managed to come out at the end of
the fight on a level with Grant. The "staked-out" vote, of which we have
heard so much, petered out to three and they cut no figure In the result.
The B^rns game from the beginning has been one of brag, bluster and
bluff As political prophets he and his followers make about as sickly a
snowing as the people of this State have ever beheld in any quarter At
the end of a struggle lasting through two months and a half backed by
the Southern Pacific Company and the whole machinery of the State or
ganization, and with the oblique assistance of the State executive, all Burns
has accomplished is to break even with Grant, the latter being a newcomer
to the State a tyro in politics, unfavorably located geographically for suc
cess and with no patronage at his disposal. This paper has nothing to say
for Mr Grant who sought to secure the Senatorship by a most reprehen
sible* method— the less one thinks of him the more dismal becomes the
showing made by the great Dan Burns, who. when he had done all his best,
was yet not one vote above his chief opponent
In addition to his failure. Burns has made himself ridiculous.
His standing as a political boss is knocked from under him. Party lead
.. ". ho have heretofore preserved a neutral attitude toward him will be
rome his open and avowed enemies and his friends will be lukewarm. He
nn never again be in State politics the power that he has been hereto
fore A discredited prophet, a leader that falls down most conspicuously,
a Republican that helps to rob the party of a Senator, the people wU have
no more of him. Dan Burns has passed.-Los Angeles Express.
THE CALIFORNIA PRESS.
The new Railroad Commission is
'■■ made up of railroad men. They know
: which of their bread is buttered
with axle grease.-Petaluma Courier.
KIND WORDS FOR OLD SOL
It would be a glorious thing if old
Sol would cross the vernal equinox
every week during the coming month.—
Pomona Progress.
THE MILLENNIUM SIGHTED.
When long delinquent subscribers be
srin to pay up and write nice letters to
fditorV iherVll be good limes sure
enough.— Hanford Journal.
THE SIGNBOARD MEN.
God made San Mateo County, but the
sign-board men are sure it wasn't
labeled properly, hence their desire to
remedy the matter-Coast Advocate.
CUPID IN VENTURA.
One wedding this week and three
more scheduled for April in local cir
cles Who says the God of Love has
been idle during the dry season just
past?— Ventura Signal.
A CALIFORNIA YEAR.
California will have her share this
year of the prosperity which has fa
vored the East since a year or more
ago This is going to be a California
year and Santa Clara County proposes
to head the procession.— San Jose Mer
cury.
NO HOLES IN WATER.
The members of the Legislature who
voted to cinch the country newspapers
will be surprised to learn that the pull
-1 ing of their finger out of a pail of water
', leaves no hole. They will also discover
' when it is too late that the editors of
the country newspapers have long
■ memories.— Woodland Democrat.
IS IT ENVY?
"A Tourist" writes the Star a hard
account of the morals of San Bernar
dino, which if published would make
a rush of the wickedly inclined to that
city equal to the hegira to Klondike.
The Star doubts the wisdom of adver
tising vice and leaves it out. — Pasadena
Star.
MEN. RAISINS AND GRAMMAR.
The Los Angeles Evening Express
heads a paragraph: "Fresno Raisin
Men." We are glad to hear it. That's
what we need more even than corn or
oats. However, there should be a "g"
to that verb, shouldn't there, dear con
temporary? Or has some one on your
staff contracted the present prevailing
epidemic of Anglomania? We like to
hear our representative newspapers of
the State use good grammar. — The
Santa Barbara.
Signing the articles
Of all the stupid legislation that has
ever cursed the State of California the
Morehouse signature bill takes the cake
— in fact, it commits burglary on the
bakery.
The law does not take effect for thirty
days, but as the signer desires to let
off some of the steam — not steam beer,
you typos! — of his indignation, this
statute from Agnews will be observed
for this occasion only.
In all the wild hurly-burly of a rich
and varied career 'from Oshkosh to
Shirt-Tail Canyon, the signer has never
met with a body of iaw-inakers so ut
terly unfitted for their work as the
crowd which evolved this misfit. Un
der it a man cannot say that a corn-fed
fairy in a vaudeville has more breadth
to her beam than brains in her smoke
stack, unless he signs his name to it.
And if some cross-eyed, antediluvian
coryphee cavorts across the stage like
a galloping cow in fly-time, the man
who calls attention to her cavorts must
sign his name. How would this do in
a paper:
Mile. Rita d' Bonfantl. having been in
formed by some humorist that she can
dance, has been trying it on the dog in
the interior towns. She appeared at the
Clunie last night, stripped for the fray.
Wearing a smile and a few corckscrew
ringlets she wafted down to the foot
lights like a masquerade of McKee Ran
kin and Bill Sykes. Built on the elliptical
plan, the audience wondered for a mo
ment whether she intended to do a con
tortion act. using her legs for a hoop. But
when she smiled and commenced to shake
her limbs all bets were declared off. The
impossible was about to happen. She was
going to dance. Angels and ministers of
grace defend us, hut what a dance! This
beef-ballasted fairy from Brobdingnag
pranced around the stage like John L
Sullivan with the cramps. She waltzed
like a hippopotamus and pirouetted like
an elephant. Surely never was such a
sight seen since Queen Liliuokalani led
the Honolulu hops.
GEORGE MOXTMOREXCY DE MONT-
And then De Montgomery would
sneak off to Bannon Slough for a day
and leave the porter to stand off the
heavy fairy.
I have been requested by the manage
ment of this paper— in fact, my job de
pends upon it— to express my opinion
of More-house and several other of those
legislative freaks. Well, I never did
go much on Morehouse. A man who
wants to shoot anybody doesn't need to
pass a series of resolutions on the «= U b
ject. If ever I follow in the footsteps
of any mug for the purpose of "slugging
! him I won't send a brass band ahead
of me to tell him I'm coming- I see
"Private Thinks" the other day said
that Morehouse would not shoot at a
country barn from behind an ambush
He might make a bluff at it. provided
he had given the owner a week's notice
that he was coming, so that the barn
might be removed, or Morehouse be
hypnotized away from his gun by a
concurrent resolution.
I'm not much or. the write, but I
stand for what I say about Morehouse
and I sign myself.
OWEN McKEOX.
Signature Editor of Sacramento Dai'y
and Weekly Bee.
— Sacramento Bee.
« ♦ ■ ___
ANSWER*. TO CORRESPONDENTS
OCTOBER H-J. 8., City. The 14th of
October. 1848, foil on a Saturday. and tho
same date in 1553 fell on a Friday.
BLOCK TIX-A. S.. City. At this time
none of the tin mines of the United States
are being worked, nor have they been
worked since IS9S.
PARTS OF SPEECH-A. and 8.. City
There are nine parts of speech in the En
glish language— noun, pronoun, article
verb, adjective, adverb, preposition, con
junction and interjection.
CHANGING FLAG— J. J. M.. Berkeley.
CaL If a ves.se! built in a foreipn country
is wrecked, damaged or rendered unser
viceable for the time being, and the own
-1 er should desire to make her g seaworthy
liSiili
cKtToin^hfm WAhe American
flag. :
NEW YORK TO MAXILA-T J. F-.
City The distance from W ' T J= VJ
ota' JlHanci te that route from
York to Manila 11.601 miles.
TELEPHONE MESSAGB-A. 8.. Beni
cia. Cal. There has been telephonic com-
New York. ______
COTTON MILL- A. X.. City There
never was a cotton mill In the vicinity of
Folsom and Sixteenth streets in _ ban
Francisco In 1871 there was an instltu-
n kno C wn as the "Cotton Batting
tory" on Brannan street, between inira
and urth.
MONTE CRISTO-H. T. C, City. The
: "Count of Monte Cristo," by Alexander
Dumas, was written in 1544-45 Dumas
to" were not written byJJumas.
LANDS IX NICARAGUA-R. D., City.
at Managua, Nicaragua. E. ( i," on vi
San Francisco represents Honduras, Ni
caragua and Salvador.
A MINING CLAIM— S., Benton, Mono
County, Cal. If a locator should locate
and mark the side boundaries within
twenty-five feet of the center of the lode.
that would not invalidate the claim and
reopen the site to relocation. He must
keep within the limit fixed by general or
local regulations.
ANOTHER LICENSE REQUIRED— B.
G , City. If a couple were married by a
Justice of the Peace and subsequently the
wife should make up her mind that such
a marriage was not as binding as if per
formed by an ordained minister or priest
and should desire to be married by one
or the other, the parties would have to
take out a new license, obtaining the
same wherever the parties desired There
Is no law against a man marrying hla
own wife. ____
THE TIGER LILT— friends of
this department have furnished the In
formation that "The Tiger Lily" was
written by Julia Schayer and can be
found in Scribner's, November and De
cember 1880, and January, ISSI. Another
friend writes that "The Tiger Lily; or the
Woman "Who Came Between" is by Mrs.
Alex McVeigh Miller and is to be ob
tained from book dealers. Still an
other correspondent writes to Inform this
department that " 'The Tiger Lily' was
written by Sidney Lamir, a Southern
writer of distinction, and may be had
at any local bookstore."
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
F. M. Carnegie of Pittsburg Is at the
Palace.
Sheriff T. M. Brown of Eureka is lo
cated at the Russ.
S. Blum, a merchant of Juneau. Alaska,
Is a guest at the California.
T. R. Hostetter, a prominent medicinal
; manufacturer of Pittsburg, is at the Pai
ace with his wife.
George F. Cummin, a flour dealer of Ta
coma, and H. Guernsey, a cattleman of
Golconda, >»cv., are at the Lick.
"vV H. Knox. a capitalist of Minnesota,
and' wife and P. H. Noonan. a Santa
Rosa merchant, are registered at the
Russ.
Dwight L. Moody, the eminent revival
ist of Boston, Mas?., is at the Occidental
accompanied by his assistant, D. B.
Towner.
T. L. Haynes. S. D. Porter and George
W. Tapley" accompanied by their wives,
have registered at the California from
Springfield, Mass.
Mme. B. Gadski, mother of the talented
prima donna, now performing with the
Ellis Opera Company, will leave for New
York on Sunday.
D. J. Zan, a merchant of Portland. Or.,
and W. H. Boot, superintendent of the
Pullman Palace Car Company in Oregon,
are registered at the Occidental with their
families.
B. F. Shepherd Jr.. a Fresno druggist,
H. H. Blood, a Nevada City mining man,
C. M. Hartley, a Vacaville fruit grower,
and Dr. W. C Reid and wife are some of
the arrivals at the Grand.
M. Amanuchi, representative of the
largest paper mills in Japan, has returned
from a European and Eastern trip, where
he has been observing methods in the
paper mills in the principal cities, and will
return home on the steamer China. Tha
result of his inquiries will be put to prac
tical use by the paper concern with which
he is connected.
CaL glace fruit 50c per Ib at Townsend'3.*
Special information supplied daily t«
business houses and public men Ly tb«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
He Just Couldn't.
Doctor (to Gilbert, aged 4i— Put your
tongue out. dear.
Little Gilbert protruded the top of his
tongue.
Doctor— No. no; put it right out.
The little fellow shook his head weakly
and the tears gathered in his eyes. "I
can't, doctor: it's fastened on to me."
••Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been use-1 for fifty years by millions cf
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething cr
ether causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
HOTEL DEL CORONADO— advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay. $3 per day. Apply at 4 New
Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
About Even.
"You lost a good deal
your business by going I
you?"
•"Yes." answered the man who volun
teered; "but I doubt whether
more than some of the peopi<* "
go have lost arguing over It."—Washing
ton Star.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The foods we eat furnish
energy for the body just as
burning coal makes steam
for an engine.
The experiments of Prof.
Frankland, Ph. D., of Lon-
don, shows that cod-liver oil
yields two and one-half times
more energy than starches
or sweets.
Scott's Emulsion is pure
cod-liver oil combined with
hypophosphites of lime and
soda. It forms fat, gives
strength, enriches the blood,
invigorates the nerves, and
repairs tissues.
50c. and .00, all druggists.
SCOTT & BOWNE, ChemisTs, New York.EVANGELIST MOODY OPENS BIS CRUSADE AGAINST SIN AND
EXPOUNDS THE PRINCIPLES OF PRACTICAL CHRISTIANITY
A Large Assemblage Greeted the Revivalist
and Listened to His Glowing Words
of Exhortation and
Argument.
MOODY, the evangelist, opened his
crusade against sin at the First
Congregational Church yesterday
afternoon. Despite the inclement
"weather an assemblage that comfortably
filled the, edifice was present to greet the
famous expounder of Bible teachings and
to listen to what he had to say. It has
been ten years since Mr. Moody wa^j last
here, and his sojourn at this time will
"be brief, as the present revival, which
is under the auspices of the Y. M. C. A.
Lund the ministers of the city, will close
vr.ih the services to-morrow night. Dur
ing his st;iy here the evangelist will
preach twice a lay. at 2:30 o'clock in the
afternoons and at 7:30 o'clock nights. At
the opening services yesterday the music,
'which consisted of congregational sing
■intr. was led by Mr. D. B. Towner, who
Is Mr. Moody' 8 superintendent of music.
On the rostrum with the revivalist were
a number of the prominent ministers of
the city.
Mr. Moody opened the services by an
nouncing the hymn, "My Faith Looks Up
to Thee," after which Rev. William S.
Urmy. of the First Methodist Episcopal
Church, offered prayer. The congrega
tion sang "Jesus Lover of My Soul" and
the Rev. Joseph Re well, of the Mariner's
Church, offered a prayer. He was fol
lowed by Mr. Towner, who sang the
■well-known descriptive revival solo,
"Paul and Silas." At the conclusion of
the solo Mr. Moody delivered his sermon.
He did not choose any text, but talked
en .the "Component Qualities of Practi
cal Christianity."
The ideas he brought out were that it
was absolutely necessary, if one intends
; to be a truo and sincere Christian, that
he or she shall have faith, courage, en
thusiasm, perseverance and love. Mr.
Moody spoke for nearly three-quarters*
cf an hour, and during that time he held
the complete attention of his auditors.
The great evangelist has lest none of his
UNIVERSITY'S BIRTH
DAY CELEBRATED WITH
DUE IMPRESSIVENESS
President Harper of Chicago on Enlighten
ment and Education.
Freedom From Control, Free Thought and Free
Speech the Fundamental Needs of
Institutions of Learning.
00000000000000000000 0000000000000000
o °
o ** The University is the Prophet, the Priest o
o and the Philosopher of Democracy" — Extract from the O
® address of President Harper or the University of Chicago.
O °
0000000000000000 00000000000000000000
: BERKELEY. March 23.— Thirty-one ]
' years ago California's State University |
was granted her charter. For thirty-one
' years she has held up the banner of |
■- learning for the native sons of the State, j
'. maintaining a strong independent exist- j
•ence the while, and stands now the pear •
of almost any college in the land. From :
'.'a' modest, humble beginning, with a bare ,
"\handful of students, her facilities of in- j
struction and her sphere oi influence have j
assumed proportions which bring her now j
...more than merely national recognition }
<.-.• To-day was her birthday, the .thirty- !
: first anniversary of the time when the j
.State first sanctioned her corporate ex- ]
° jstence, and she celebrated the event with [
proper academic impressiveness.
It was a notable gathering of collegians ,
that assembled this morning in Harmon !
.Gymnasium, on the university campus..
On the platform sat the members of the j
Boar. of Regents with the professors and :
the associate professors of the faculty. I
In spite of a--dronching rain the building j
could hardly seat the 800 or more guests j
invited to be present. They included the j
prominent names in church and civil life
around the bay.
It was withal the most impressive I
charter day celebration possibly which
Berkeley has yet seen. Several things j
made it so. Although President Martin j
Kellogg, the venerable head of the j
■faculty, continues in office until July, his
"" resignation, tendered recently to the
■■■ Board of Regents, set to-day as the date
on which he preferred to lay down his :
..-work, and the audience made appropriate
'recognition of the fact. Added to this ,
'.was the presence of Dir. William Rainey j
-J-Larper, president of the University of i
•Chicago, and one of the most distinguish
•ed scholars of the East, who had come
ail the way to California for the purpose ;
d delK'ering the public address of the
, day. Both President Harper and Presi
dent Kellogg wore their doctor's gowns
in token of the academic significance of 1
the occasion.
Tne exercises opened with an oration by i
Harold S. Symme3 of the student body i
..on "Personal Influence in Higher Edu
cation," followed by a eulogy on the late !
• Senator Justin S. ■rzill by Hon. Timo- I
thy Guy * nelps. With a few brief words j
President Kellogg rose to i&Uoduo* him
old-time magnetism or force. He dem
ited his wonderful power to "size
up" his audience and to so shape his re-
I peal to them in the most
ble manner. Mr. Moody did not
one single word. Every sentence
he uttered carried With" it a new
and he invariably clinched each
■■»ith an illustration either from the
or real life. At times his phrase
wm humble, but it went home to
.f-arts of his listeners with an ap
-j and irr- - rce and power.
Mr. Moody opened his address by say
ing- that he presumed that those assem
bled were Christians and engaged in
stian work. Then he added that if
were not that they should be. and
that the sooner the pew and the- pulpit
g-ot tog-ether the more work would be ac
complished for God. Ho bail that what
hurch wanted was volunteers. Tha
army had to call for them and why
should not the church? Mr. Moody 'a first
idea was the necessity of •
faith. He declared that what the ■
tian wanted to believe was that God will
for his work and not thai
may use him. God wants a brave man
fi r his work and not a coward, and
:":re it is necessary tnat a Chr
have the courage of his convic
tions.
"Don't mind public sentiment." said Mr.
ly, "but Just go on and do your
n he dwelt at some lengfh upon the
::e necessity of enthusiasm in work
n needs ail the spirit
urage he haa.
"Some people cai! revivals a display of
fanaticism." said he. "There is need for
■ism of this kind. For over a year
there has been eoing through the country
the cry of 'Rem< Main. V
member it because about 300 men on that
. n went to an honoi !=ath.
while the fact that every twem
hours th<>. same number of men go to a
ive is over
In • tfon Mr. I .
in England the annual numbers o:
ted Is 14*), while in this
country in ten years there were
distinguished contemporary. Dr. Harper
acknowledged the compliment, and with
a few Introductory remarks began his
address on "Democracy and the Univer
sity." It combined the most modern |
views of the function of the university
In all its relations to democracy, thor- j
oughly comprehensive and far reaching in j
its scope, the fruit of a scholarship !
and penetration such as few speakers
put into public addresses.
President Harper said:
"I have chosen for my theme 'The Peo- .
rle; or, The University and Democracy.'
If humanity, in its' slow and tortuous
progress toward a higher civilization,
counts as its ally a power by which one .
by one the problems of that civilization
are resolved, humanity and this allied
power must in due time come to have
interests and aspirations which bind them
irrevocably together. On the one hand,
the university as an institution of the
Government, the university as the guide
of the people, the university as an ally
of humanity in Its struggle for advance
ment: and on the other, democracy, the >
highest ideal of human achievement; de
mocracy, the only possibility of a true
national life; democracy, the glorious and ,
golden sun lighting up the dark places of
all the world.
"The university has its origin in the
secular needs of the people. This secu- \
lar character has at times been overruled
when the church, as in the history of
English universities, or a denomination,
has en fit to place its hands ruthlessly
upon the university; but in such cases it
always happens that the university
ceases to exist, a church school taking
its place. That institution cannot become [
a university or remain one which to any
considerable extent is controlled by a j
power other than that which proceeds ;
from within Itself.
"For the fundamental needs of the uni
versity are self-government, freedom |
from "ecclesiastical control and the right
of free utterance. These alone give it the j
right to proclaim Itself an institution of
the people, an institution born of the dem
ocratic spirit.
"For the university is democratic. It is
a democratic institution In which definite j
and distinct effort is put forth to guide
the people in the decision of questions !
which from time to time confront them, :
and to furnish leaders in the different
callings of life; in which the people may
have full confidence; In which facilities
are furnished and encouragement af
forded to grapple with the great problems
of life and thought, in tie worlds of i
matter and of mind, with the sole pur ,
#«•« *i 4Jeeev«rtaflf w»Ui This requires >
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 24, 1899.
Then he asked his audience if they did
not think that revivals were needed
"Some people claim that they don't see
the results of revivals because they don't
see any converts. In this world we gen
erally find what we are looking' for. There
is not a denomination In existence to-day
that did not originally spring from a re
vival."
Mr. Moody urged upon his auditors the
fact that one of the most needed charac
teristics in Christian work is persever
ance. "What you want to do is to keep
at work every day in the year. Fits and
starts will not accomplish anything-. The
secret of success is work."
In defending the attacks that have been
made upon him because of the fact that
his critics declare he always pro-aches the
same old thing, Mr. Moody .id:
"Of course I preach the same old £<"><=-
pel. I don't believe in a man changing hi 3
theology every thirty years. If this gos
pel was not 6000 years old I -would throw
it Into the Mississippi River. Why should
I change my gospel? Sin has not changed
men of the greatest genius, equipment of
the highf--- •;•! absolute freedom
from .r.trrference of any kind, civic or ec
clesiastical. The state has no more right
than the church to interfere wi'h the
search of truth, or with its promulgation,
when found.
"The university touches life, ■
phase of life, at every point. It enters
every field of thought to which the
human mind addresses itself. It has no
fixed abode far away from man; for it
■ i those who cannot come to
is shut in behind no lnfty battlement, for
no enemy which it would ward off.
Strangely enough. It vanquishes its
mies by inviting them Into close associa
tion with Itself. The un! f the
; md for the people, whether con
livldually or collectively.
"Democracy means in general the su
premacy of the people. Its essential prin
. ty and r ty to
. lie will. Hut the public will must
be an educated one. capable of intelligent
and • .'lgment. Educati*:
the first and foremost pol
y. It i.s the foundation
- all else.
"The question I am asked to answer is
this: What relation does the university
racy? I beg the privilege
of drawing my answer from the terms of
Hebr< ■ Now the university is
the prophet— that is. the spokesman of
democracy. Democracy, if it continue,
.le the masses and maintain
their sympathy in interest. It has not
been unified, for it has hardly begun to
under-' I f. Ai a principle it seems
to be In the ascendency, but there are
Btlll great battles for it to fight. No won
der that it sometimes prows despondent.
No wonder that it la sometimes corrupt.
But yet It has a mission, surely, and. if so,
that mission In a word is righteousness.
"Democracy as an institution needs in
terpretation. Thf past must be interpre
ted In order that Its lessons may be
ivoided. The great
est danger Is that there shall be failure
•ntain the Closest connection with
the past The present itself must be
known and interpreted and the future
must be considered.
"Therefore I contend that the university
is the prophet of democracy; the agency
established by hi lelf to proclaim
democracy's principles. It is in the uni
■ ti the best opportunity is af
forded to investigate the movements of
the past and to present the facts and
principles involved before the public. The
university is the prophetic school out of
which come the teachers who are to lead
democracy in the true path. I' Ifl
rslty that must guide democracy
into the nev :" arts and literature
c. It is the university that
fights the battles of democracy, it? war
cry being 'Come, let us rt 'her.'
It is the university that in these latter
days goes forth with buoyant spirit to
comfort and clve help to those who are
downcast, takincr up its dwelling In the
midst of squalor and di< -t
university. I maintain, is the prophetic
interpreter of democracy, the prophet <>f
st in all it= vicissitudes; the pro
phet of her present in all its complexity;
: phet of her future in all its possi-
The university, in the sphere of reli
gion I? a : art as a
mediator. It ia establish* I ■'■ the
,f mfn and nations ttit'i closer com
munion with the common soul of. all hu
manity: established to stand apart from
Institutions and at the samp time
to mingle closely with the constituent el
ements of the people; fstablished to in
troduce whoever will into all the mys
ot the past and present, whether j
I or still unsolved.
"It is also democracy's philosopher. The
situation in which democracy finds her
self to-day makes Serious demands for
■ thinking. By severe thinking I
mean the honest and unbiased considera
tion of all the facts which relate to de
mocracy. The prophet might be called
the preacher: the priest the teacher; but
the philosopher or sage is the thinker
and investigator.
"You ask what questions must be inves
tigated. I answer: Socialism Is threaten
ing to deprive democracy of some of h^r
be3t friends: it is doubtful whether de
mocracy is able to cope with the problem
of municipal government. How can it
govern the hundreds of millions of people
gradually coming under Its sway? What
is to be said of the relation of accumu
lated wealth to democratic institutions?
What shall democracy do with corpora
tions? How is it to do with its legislative
j? How can it place in ofli.e only
those who are fit to rule? How shall it
r^'SLore a fast decaying church to which
the masses of people are hostile?
"Education Is the basis of all democrat
ic progress; the problems of democracy
are therefore the problems of the univer
any in the past thirty years. It is the
same old sin that it always was."
The speaker then laid special force on
the fact that no means should he left
unused to bring: a man to Christ, or to a
place where he can hear the word of God
preached. His peroration was an appeal
to the people to cultivate a love for Chris
tian wi>rk. "Everybody must love their
work ■ ' succeed." In addi
tion Mr. Moody said that human sympa
thy was also ne< esaary to properly do
- work. Hp brought out facts and il
- :n support of even.- statement
he m;td*>. At th- 3 conclusion of his ser
mon the revivalist • meeting by
rvent and earnest prayer.
'•NOTHING BUT LEAVES."
Mr. Moody Enlightens Clergymen on
the Sin of Poor Work for
the Master.
The First Congregationalist Church for
sity. Therefore let the university, both
in 'the Old World and in the New World
men who sha!! cone with thesrj
the university spirit dom
the world more fully; let it do the
work of the prophet, the priest and the
philosopher of and continue
to do that work until it shall be finished,
I and exalted democracy
shall have become cnivers&l."
ARRESTED FOR MURDER.
Lee Duck Lung in the Tanks on Sus
picion of Killing Lee Ging Hoi.
Duck Lunar has been arrested and
placed in the "tanks" at the City I
ant Price, who has informa
tion that his prisoner is guilty of the
Of I■■ •■ Gtng Hoi. who waa shot
at Black Island, near Stockton, in De
cember last.
The information was furnished the po
lice by Lee Wong, a cousin of the mur
tnan. He aays that Lee Dock Lung
tod and demanded
money of L<e Lin Duey, a potato ranch
er, and threatened to kW! him if the
money was not forthcoming. Lee Ging
Hoi was present at the interview and, in
ring in the qearrei. was shut.
After the murder, which had no wit
ness but Leo Lin Duey. I Lung
escaped. Wednesday evening he was
captured in Chinatown, by some of his
own countrymen and taken to a meeting
of the Lee family, of which both Lung
and Hoi were members. The outcome of
the meeting was that Lung was ordered
to pay the cousin. Lee Wong. $500. Be
incr unable to raise this amount. Lung
was pointed out to the police last night
and will be prosecuted by Lee Wong.
The rancher who witnessed the killing
will be- brought down to identify Lung.
The reason why Hetty Green, the
richest woman in America, is very
happy just now, is told in next Sun
day's Call.
An Unfortunate Family.
Mrs. Sarah Vogelsang, wife Of Mark
sang, a laborer for the Street De
par: mf-nt. was yesterday sent to the in
sane asylum at Agnews. She attempted
twice to set fire to her house in ti
J Minna street, and broke all the
windows. Two of her children are suf
fering from joint disease and the Society
■
la puzzled to know what to do with them.
They cannot be received into the Chil
dren's Hospital, as measles is prevalent
there, and there is no Other institution
where they could be cared for.
In the Divorce Court.
Sophie H. Schur has been granted a dl-
Torce from Alfrp-i R. Schur on the ground
of willful negloct, and Marie Graul
against Robert Graul for failure to pro
vide.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
A Lame Back
/fiid&lF r **s& ''^r fe^am^y, f '^"^ <r V\ Wlth paln ln the region
of the Kidneys can be
j^y^^-y^^^g^k -T^ " / > -^Tj*f^^t)» > '>v.-' '^^l* speedily relieved and
IJ^^^^^tT* L,/f J \\ '^^^^Ifl cured wlth a Belt like the
J T^B^^r^^a^il^^^l^^r ' tisement. It conveys the
V li •I* V«Rn^ % >J «t?iki^te' f li > electricity through the
l^^i0 :^ b-.idy right to the spot and
-^^^ does the *' ork "' like Hght-
/m*V*' ning." With a good Belt
» -w£- you w^' have no use for
•^T/jr2 •n\*" drugs or quack doctors.
■^jV^ x^y^" Call or send 2c in stamps
■^•Js^ri^V* for "Booklet No. 2." Ad-
•S>/\\^ dress:
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Market Street, Opposite Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
Mr. Moody's evening service was filled
Ion? before the evangelist opened the
meeting with the usual prayer and song
service. A part of the musical eervice
was a beautiful solo, entitled "When
Jesus Receives His Own."
Mr. Moody's discourse was an exhorta
tion to ministers and church members.
He has stated that his visit to the Pacific
Coast has been for the purpose of bring
ing a revival to the religious people, and
the noted revivalist last evening stuck
close to his text. To bring the matter
more forcibly home to his hearers, he
directed Mr. Towner to sing "Nothing but
Leaves."
"I don't believe," said Mr. Moody, 'that
it is the will of God that in the evening of
life any one will come saying, 'nothing
but leaves. ' .Some preachers are too gen
erous •with their sermons," continued the
evangelist in his home-thrusting way.
"Those sermons are so mild that they
never awake the people. Each member
of the congregation passes them over his
shoulder to the person behind him until
the sermon gets to the church door, and
then it goes out into the street to be lost.
It is only when the truth is driven into a
man that he will be awakened.
"There is another thing to have, and
that is love— the love of God. An unre
ger.erate man can't love. He hates. He
can't pray for his enemies because he
would rather kill them. The love of God
brings hope, and hope is the keystone of
a religious life. The man who has no
hope is a backslider.
"Have you liberty in your church? In
some churches an archangel couldn't
preach. There they are cold, cynical,
critical, and the miserable pastor never
gets on. The Holy Ghost must have a
harmonious atmosphere to live in. In
these places they never remember the
good things th* minister says, but
they alight on and pick to pieces the few
mistakes he may fall into. Suppose at
Pentecost James had said to John:
'Peter don't seem to be up to the mark.'
or the like. Do you think the tongues of
God's own fire would have come down to
them? Don't pick the preacher to
pieces.
"Be a power in the church, not a dead
number. Placarded in some empty build
ings suitable for shops or factories you
may see: 'To Rent— or Without
Power.' It would be a practical idea to
ask people knocking at the door of the
church for membership, 'Do you want to
come in with power or without?' If
without, say: 'Stay out; too many of
that kind in already.' "
Mr. Moody said he would continue the
subject in the First Congregational
Church this afternoon at 2:30 o'clock,
and he was more anxious that his audi
tors should come and hear that discourse
than any other he has preached or may
preach in this city.
BOODY PLAYED THE
RACES AND LOST
REAL ESTATE AGENT INGLE
SIDES LATEST VICTIM.
He Throws Himself on the Mercy of
His Patrons to Escape
Punishment.
W. K. Boody. the real estate agent, who
Is accused by H. F. Anderson, the Eng
lish capitalist, of betrayal of confidence,
is the latest victim of the racetrack evil.
But for the generosity and kindness of
Mr. Anderson Boody would now be be
hind the bars with a felony charge
against him.
Boody spent Wednesday night in the
- ' at the City Prison, b\it yester
day morning Mr. Anderson informed the
police that he would not at this time file
a complaint of embezzlement against his
former agent. Boody consented to accept
the surveillance of a private detective
::£? a thorough investigation of his
ii ta with his patron, and he left the
City Prison.
Later a conference was held downtown
and Boody threw himself on the mercy
of his benefactor and asked for an op
portunity to make restitution. Mr. An
derson, who is generous to a degree, is
reluctant to begin criminal proceedings
against his agent, and it is more than
probable that he will charge up the few
thousand dollars missing to his experi
ence account.
The detectives who have been working
on the case say that aside from playing
the races Boody had no bad habits and
that his associates were not of the
vicious class. He fell Into the snare
which has ruined so many young men
with good prospects, and now he is pay
ing the penalty of disgrace and a dis
honored name. Mr. Anderson does not
know how much of his money has been
squandered in the pool boxes. He put im
plicit confidence in his agent, and when
he went to England a year ago he left a
large sum to be used in maintaining his
beautiful home at Ben Lomond and other
purposes. Boody neglected his duty and
went to the race-track. When Mr. An
derson asked for an accounting of his
stewardship he could not give one
! and evaded communication on the sub
ject. This led to his exposure and deten
< tion at the City Prison. Mr. Anderson
' will be governed by later developments
in deciding whether he will prosecute
Bon 1 r:
Singmlar story of a California girl
who has fallen heir to a §10.000,
--000 Australian estate, in next Sun
day's Gall.
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purcbasers' Guide to Respoosible Mcrchaots, Manufac-
turers, BroKers, Importers. Wholesale Traders. Jobbers,
Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
IN CORRESPONDING WITH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING
• v FIRMS PLEASE MENTIOTt "THE CALL." __
BELTINa. FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
LP. DEGEN, _S n teSSS •JoSV&'AS! JAS. BOYES & CO,, c g D #«f u &ri£
•lon St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562. IRON FOUNDERS.
BOILER MAKERS. Western Foundry. Morton & HedlsT. Props..
____._.-_. --.«-—--.-. Vrri-iT»TT~ 234 Fremont St. Castings of E~ery De-
EUREKA BOILER WORKS, »-rlptlon Made to Order. Tel. Black ISOS.
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor. LIQUORS.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Shis Gudold "Whiskey, gallon Jl 50; case. $t 00
Work. F. C. O. Whiskey, do $126
r-tt- 3 rrr , 1,, ~ urccTnu a- L CAHEN & SON, 413 Sacramento St.. S. T.
Gfflcs and Works— MISSION ST. ■
Telephone Main 5045. PAPER DEALERS.
u/ij j AMCTTF PULP AND PAPE * co-
books AND STATIONERY. lIILLMmLI I L 722 Montgomery Street
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY, ! F c printing ™*™.
iiiijijiin rnAriuiubu ii_iTu uuifir_ni, w= huphfc printer.
842 to 350 Geary Street. Above Powell. ' C " **' niUnC_,Hl Sansom. str*«t.
Periodicals. Books end Stationery. STATIONER AND PRINTER.
" _ — —- Te!»sraphlcD A DTDIHPF 30« Call-
Ci EC DfiV 1 I Or 4th and Mar- c^e«. r/\K I IvlL^Vll— fnrnia •*.
Vrai Lj JuU 1 ALs% — . '_* a__-4 , THE Hiri'C lITnT) m "Printers. Book-
Try our Special lfl_ _Jt_3-JLiiU tU-. binders. 13 First st.
Brew Steam and Lager, sc. Overcoats _____——
and valises checked free. • TYPEWRITERS.
carriage makers. _^L All Typewriters Rented.
O'DDICV £ CnVC~ Makers and Dealers In «s<S3s» Few Partly used for eala caa—
imltlH _ JUnJLandaus, Hacks. Victorias. _Sj_PQL* AGENTS SMITH PREMIER.
Carts and Buggies. Golden Gala »ye. and Pol* Jfim&Sg^ L& M . ALEXANDER.
St.. Ban Francisco. <3&j^iZ£ no Montgomery strct.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON. ~ ~ WAREHOUSEMEN.
I C WILSON & CO., THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
J. *_•• VVILOUIN *■" **'*'** F| ___ mRi nR Agents and Public Weighers. a ■
COO BATTERY STREET. eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. O«_-
-i Telephone Mala iff- «ral ofHce. «0 California st. TeL Main 1914.
COPPERSMITH WATCHES. ETC.
JOSEPH FOX Supt. H. BLTTH. Mgr. J. LDNDY, K^S r^2_ J^as_"?ld'S-
C. W. Smith. Ship Plumbing, Steamboat ; ,
and Ship Work a Specialty. 16 and 18 WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
Washington St. Telephone. Main 5641. . Mined by tbe
DRUGGISTS .WHOLESALE, BL^££^ 1 g&?&88M&g- ** "*
DCniMPTDM 9. Pn Second and Steren- Is the Best Coal In the Market.
ntUlrlUlUll & UUi son Sts. Tel. Main 4 i Ofgc« and Yarda-450 Main ati-— t.
MmßmmmmmaaM*M*m»i*m±jnm»sm*G AMUSEMENTS.
ll__vV^^^^^f
AY^M^__i__-_-_Bi ' LL THIS and
Wsto \m NEXT VA/EEK.
V •_^_Ml3__BB— _■■_[—— B B—BB MSB g_. ■ The Famous
I One Grade Only— THE HIGHEST. I Rft^TOIVIAIVS
t^ 10 M Ml Iff In De Koren and Smith's romantic opera
*L7___jLi i 1 ROB ROY!
Jh*. I Every evening except Sunday at 8 o'clock
32irsolds!n=e 1899 price was 1 MATINEE SATURDAY.
|32l7so.dsln:e 1899 price w.» I MATINEE SATURDAY.
announced. g j Prices 50c, 75c, $1 and (IB
■ ■ i , -
_^B_ _ _ 3B— — — — B— _ _ _ _ — WWffviT—iy |
THUS H R ViPMFY V.r.Pt i 11th SF 1 GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
■ InUOi tli Si VAtintTi IWarite! _ Illini i. f' ■ ' Morosco Amusement Co.. Inc.. Lessee.
I Open Wednesday 4 B»tard»y «yenia ? s. M LAS _ __. o pER ORMAXCES OF
i»«~"B_ aawaa sss'BßßßßißmwzfiaaßßSßSEls the SAN FRANCISCO SEASON of
Jg^^^^^^^^™^- RAND OPERA
In French and Italian, by the
mmmr *VPf n mTT?T m WSVtfit l li M ELLI -* OPERA C^O;VVF*/*IN'V
BTll ■'■■ ■ Wi_ff __3 NEW YORK SYMPHONY ORCHESTKA.
B.T II 1! ii _^ _l „§ IS PI k? _B__m Enlarged Chorus and Ballet.
_£_&J> _L il Bk all _L"Jb A_PS_lJ_ TO-NIGHT AT S, "CARMEN."
B_U__3_ B_K_a_ H— ■ B__S ■__■)__■ _■ ■ De Lilian, Gadski, Mattfeld, Van Cauteren,
- _ _ ... , Bonnard Bensaude. Viviani. Siehman, Del Sol,
_»g^'g__ Ido not believe mere C ass. Conductor, SeppiUi.
B^_H gak la a case of dysy^ep- Saturday afternoon, last matinee, double bill,
_TJ___i [J_ S9 sil indisestion or "Lucia." acts 2, 3 and 4. in Italian, with Melba
«r™BHR B tomfch trouMe « a^ and •■P-.11.cc1." in Italian, with
JE&? _Bi \ that cannot be re- PUICES — $*, $3, 12. according to location.
Is Z*lfli lieved at once and BOX SEATS. HO. A limited number of General
W &SP&®Sr permanently cured Admission Tickets. J2. General Admission to
V \_ik_r by - my DYSPEPSIA Gal>er> - n -
*'•_., Arch street, Phila.
r:^^ s: f^^SW l^^TF ! 12 NEW VAUDEVILLE STAR 3-12
l\iv^ L 5 L_kl fie MI I it THE GYPST QUINTETTE.
ISU^ 19§ U Br^il a™ 111 V _S Charles King. Albert Burton. Charles Bagu-
_^g^6fa^ __ _m_ffiX,fl_c J-tV pfVaJa-^ ley - Lorrainec Amour. Anita Ma. ml.
n-afflfin ■ -— a^^^^^^^^^^^ mm A 1; soloists— The Hit of the East.
" ~~~ ~~ PERCY HQNRI. Concertinlst.
—^__ >-. BARNES AND SISSON. Comedy Specialists.
jg-gL^S^aF^v DOCTOR ' MR. AND MRS. William ROBYNS la
/>iilliil^sN_S^ ___wp- .-.«•« '-Straight Tip Jim."
'SiF&r^^ <^« mEY ERS THE DARTOS, Parisian Dancers.
tgs%g* s*l - ' J. W. WINTON, TROUBADOUR TRIO.
iSSt-^' 4. CO. PANTZER TRIO. TWIN 3 MARCO.
BlSa^ — <_?w -«?i^^ sno/»i»lictc fnr Man Reserved s»ats, 2"c; balcony, 10c; op«r_
Yf&M < _^Sb^i^> "P eClallSlS lOr - efl chairs, and box seats, 50c.
||a *&<^^&J \klL/» These pbyilcian* have been Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
\_t&i& j/'»s»i-5.4 Tbtj h»ve the largest and ALCAZAR THEATER.
*$k, iffl^S^^^- ALCAZAR THEATER.
jigxp \isJ -f>»" < '?^^ tsmive t-rn t:rr in the C. 3.
iP'^i.wSw* No Par Till Cared. EVERY NIGHT AT S:l5.
H?«K. rnfertuoate men who can-
nrtausttuiTTum. Tv Ar -p F S KE V MATINEE TOMORROW!
Tnoueacds c*ir*<i at home.
Ail letten confidential. \o Charge for Consultation.
731 A y KR^lrisrn }Elev»t.r Entrance. THE NEW YORK LYCEUM THEATER
<JIBA> * *»BCO 1 FARCICAL HIT.
Use the WORLD FAMOUS I%J JET £=* 1 / £ST g^
YIN MiRHMI^
BI 18 V 9 Hli iHls IF A MAN * WANTS TO UNDERSTAND
Will 111 ■■ 111 ll I 1 I WHAT THE NERVOUS STSTEM
IS LET HIM MARRY.
Marian! Wine Tonic — — .
Marvellous Results in Cases of _ T _ ..__ _ >--,--,»-» A unTTCIP!
sPDINfi ppvpp TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
-- 7 » IVI I V_l 1 L_ VL. IV Mrs Ernes Krellng.... Proprietor and Mgr.
FOR SALE AT ALL DRUGGISTS' EVERT-
-.HERE. AVOID SUBSTITUTES. Portraits THIS EVENING AT 8:10.
and endorsement | re c ? o NEW YQRK Gubert and Sullivan's Greatest Work.
3>- - VIT4US .THE MIKADO.
iS?TS3|_I^?% ED E Eynu MATINEE TO-MORROW AT 2 P. M.
tS-OT 10th Day. «• >«_- % a ilCliUftil
VITA 11C 20th Us?, j4^ _| DCUCny NEXT WEEK— favorite Ballad Opera.
PRODUIS THE ABOTK 30th Day. liClflCUlll ' 'THE BOHEMIAN GIRL."
RESULTS. Itquick]y_iiirely7-*moves»rvou»ne«i.lmpot<?nc7 ( f Look Out for
g^^^J_^_OT__^ e ._^^«__i; -beaut:fil golden LOCKS
Power and Failing Memory. Wards off Insanity an J Cor.»ump! Our Easter Spectacular Fantasie.
lion. Cures when ail other* fail. Iruist onhaviiiit TITALIS, Popular Prices 25c and 50a
no other. Can be carried in the rest pocket. Byroai]*l.oo x B-A Reserved Seat for the Matinee 23<J
f?J^£M&I?S&C h TX?I££.% 001 -' 01 - I Our Telephone, Bush 3.
CALI MET CURE CO., 354 Dearborn St., CUra|* " ~ ~ ~ ' ~~ ""
Sold by Owl Drug Co., S. F. and Oakland. THEATER.
Corner Eddy and Jones sts.
|T|r> ITI3E'Dr > ih 'i \ Under the Management of Holden. MacDonal*
IjR.irILKHIS and Crane.
%J$ P_ _I_P W^ l^a THIS EVENING— The Great Emotional _••
MEDICAL. tress>
DISCOVERY AGNES HERNDON,
FOR THE Supported by the Popular Romantic Actor.
1 BLOOPaiVER.LUMGS.. ALBERT A# ANDRUSS
_ And the Alhambra Eastern Stock Company
"BRUSHES F ° R BARPKR9 - PAX - in a Superb Production of
Oil LJ_iri___J tn. bootblacks, bath- | g 4 f A PI7T TI? MADTT7"
«llWW*i_M h|jM billiard table*, j g<T 1 T>T7l TT? MADTI7"
SS^*^^rs__l^S_SSU a »: ! LA Dl_LLi_ MAKIL
hangers, printer,, painters, shoe factories. ; MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
stablemen tar-i— 'oferc tanriTn. tailors, etc. _»•,.«... tiv, i-^ v^ or >A «^
BUCHANAN BROS.. Prices. 10c. loc. 2oc and foe.
Brush Manufacturer*. 6QQ Sacramento 36 ■
PRTT IA/. X. HESS,
MTVTPTVTTTT I^V ITOTABY public AND _TTOBMBT-AI LAW,
IJ r\ Ifl VI 1 I 1 I I Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus Spreckels Bid*.
J-'Al.e •*-•-*- •-*.'*-» -*-• 1 1. Telechone Brown 931.
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD Residence. 821 California St.. below Powell.
i Specialist caret Private. Nervous, and Blood JDis- gan Francisco.
eases o. Met only. _»•>* on l'r.Viit" Diseases and - — —
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over -0 \ ■'[■!•' experience. ___ -.;«_- _ ___
Patients cured at Home. Terras rpfisonahl*. HoursS 11/ aq It TVT/_TI QTIH lAf ATTI
to3dally;8.30to3::» ev'gs.Suudnrs,lotol2. Consul- TO Cd__ JLJICiI CUItL I* UlilUil
tationfreeand.sacredlycontidenual. Coll. or ad dress
I» KOSrOF MrMILTY M « CHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THIS
„_, P - KOSC *_ tl Mc^ l i' X. , M ._». , yreat Mexican remedy; gives health an_
20% —Learny St., San Francisco. Cal. B u«_ft- to sexual organ-, Depot. 323 u_rku.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver recovered a fraction.
Wheat advanced slightly.
Barley dull and nominal.
Oats. Corn and Rye inactive.
Nothing doing In Hay.
Bran ar.d Middlings lower.
Beans and Seeds unchanged.
Potatoes steady and Sweets hither. j.
Vegetables In light receipt. j
Butter weaker and Eggs firmer.
Poultry scarce and high.
Strawberries coming in.
Prunes very firm.
Provisions unchanged.
Nothing new In Meats.
Grain Bags held higher.
EXPORTS OF WINE.
Exports of Wine from this port by pea. during ;
the first two months of the year were 709,250
gallons and 1346 cases, against 888,100 gallons j
and 1314 see during the same period In 1593.
OUR EXPORTS AND IMPORTS.
The New York circular of Henry Clews says
of the changing conditions .-. our exports and
Imports:
"The Government trade returns for February
axaiti show i. large excess of exports over Im
ports 'the surplus being 133.624,000. This la
$8 21$ 000 below the surplus of February. 1898,
and'it is desrvir.g of notice that the decrease
i« c"ue to the extent of $7.155.000. to an Increase
In the import*. It would not be surprising If
the imports should continue to show an In
crease; for the prevailing national prosperity
may reasonably be expeetec to cause an in
crease 1" the consumption of foreign goods as
welf as domestic. For the first eight months
of the currer.t fiscal year the exports or mer
chandise exceeded the imports by $416.277.000,
which is $3,816,000 below the surplus for the
same period of 1597-8. The exports as against
Imports will be a matter of vast Importance in
the future, ar.d require to be watched closely
by Wall street operators. It must be remem
bered that much of this country's recent good
times has b^en largely derived from our pre
ponderance of exports over imports—lf we lose
that immense advantage, or even have it ma
terially diminished, it will be an adverse
factor."
.
WEATHER REPORT.
Cl2oth Meridian—Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, March 23. 5 p. m.
Th* following re the seasonal rainfalls to
date a« compared with those of same date
lasts season, and rainfall In last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations-^- 24 Hours. Pea- B. Season.
Eureka 0.20 29.27 28.21
Red Bluff 1.00 17.45 12.0S
Sacramento 0.92 15.63 5.55
San Francisco 1.4S 14.47 7.52
Fresno 0.40 5.69 ? v-
San Luis Oblspo .... 0.64 12.3.4 5.45
Los Angeles Trace- 4.71 5.04
Sun Diego 0.00 4.54 3.51
Tuma ..." 0.00 1.34 1.62
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
"7; minimum, 54; mean. 56.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Rain has continued to fall throughout the
greater pinion of the ■:■->■ west of the
Rocky Mountains. It has been heaviest In
the vicinity of San Francisco Bay. It has
reached as far south as Los Angeles, where
a trace has fallen.
The temperature has risen slightly in all
districts.
The Sacramento River and tributaries con
tinue to rise slowly. Conditions are favorable
for a continuance of the rain in California
Friday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight March 24:
Northern California—Rain Friday; fresh
southerly wind.
Southern California— Rain Friday in north
west portion; fair In southeast portion; fresh
west wind.
Nevada—Rain or snow Friday.
Utah—Rain or snow Friday.
Arisona —Rain cr snow in north portion;
fair in south portion Friday.
San Francisco and vicinity—Rain Friday;
fresh south wind. O. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. March - /Th« stock market i
took on aii appearance of strength to-day and
the dealings of about three quarters of a mil
lion shares were largely centered In the rail- ■
■ways. Realizing toward the close cut (ijwn !
seme of the advance, leaving the net Improve
ment generally slight. The expected adjourn
ment of the New Jersey Legislature was used
as a bull card among the coalers ra the ground
thai It lessened the prospect of hostile legisla
tion. Lacka wanna made the extreme advance '
of 34. There was talk also of a lease on th« j
Jersey Central to the Reading Company. Peo
ple's Gas gained 2\ In anticipation of the ad- i
journment of the Illinois Legislature and on ■
gossip of a possible consolidation with an elec
tric lighting company. Th« dealings In Bur
lington were even in excess of thc*e in Sugar,
the late leader in point of activity, and a gain
of S points resulted In that railway security.
A sion interest was said to have existed in
Burlington ar.d the movement to-day resulted
from the covering of bear stop-loss orders. The !
ether Grangers sympathized in the movement
to a lessor eiifr.t. The Paclncs on moderate
trading held th->!r own. Local transportation |
■ chares moved narrowly, excepting Manhattan, j
which lost over a point. Tobacco stocks were
slightly improved and - fax -■■ oft 4-* points
down on gossip that the rr.ost active trails had
liquidated. Airbrake recovered 11 ooints of its
recent decline aad the market left off with a
fairly tood tone.
Bend prices to-day showed Improvements in
many cas-.s with an exceptional rise In Brook
lyn Elevated. The market In central moved
Irregularly, twit losses were trivial. Total sales
S3.SSO.GOO.
United States threes advanced '-». while the
now fours declined as much tn the bid price.
The tutal sales of stocks to-day were 722.400 j
shares. Including: Atchison preferred 21.553. ;
Central Pacific 3300, Burlington 52.020, Manhat- '
tan "Jl.iSo. Metropolitan 4©*?, Reading first pre- I
ferred U. 265. M. K. and T. preferred 6135, j
Northern American 3400. Rock Island S2SS, On- |
tario arsd Western £3,320, Union PactSc 4420, i
St. Paul (ex. dividend) 210. Southern Pacific i
preferred cOt-0, Southern 9000, Southern preferred i
13,;55. Union Pacific preferred aTvo. American
Steel and Wire 19.055. Tobacco 4«5, Federal |
Steel 2!.S.JS. Federal Steel preferred 4+51. Feo- I
. jie's Gaj 45.2J5. Consolidate} Gas 9133, General j
" Electric SS32. Brooklyn Transit 33.420. Sugar
64,720, St. Louis and Southwestern S73S. St.
Louis and Southwestern preferred 11.600, Ten- I
" r.essee Coal a.nd Irvn 11,310. Chicago Great
Western 1i.456
CLOSING STOCKa
Atchison 2''\ St Louis & 3 F.... 11
Do prefd W%»' Do prefd 71
Baltimore i Ohio. 89^1 Do 2d prefd 3*^
Canada Pacific SSH it P I Om W*i
Canada Southern.. s'\ Do prefd 17* i
Cent Pac E>Ui 180 Pacific 36*4 I
Ches & Ohio 27 iSo Railway 12?* j
L"hl £ A1t0n ........ 173 ! Po prefd 49*,
Chi B & v 142 V Texas & Pacific.... » I
Chi i b 111 63VL*nion Pacific 4t>*»
Do prefd Hi I Do prefd SOS
Chi G W 15HJO P D& a 13 H !
Chi 1 3d &L. S^lWabash : '» \
Do pr-td 43 i I>> prefd 21S
Chi & N W , Wheel a L, E 11*
Do prefd 190 j Do prefd 31
C C C & St L STU; Express Companies —
Do pre:'d K>i Adams Ex .... 112
Del Sc Hudson llr;H American Ex 143
pel L & W 171-5 United States 54
Pen & Rio G 21VWells fargo 125
Do prefd 73\ Miscellaneous —
Erie mew) 14 A Cot Oil Ss»i
Do Ist prefd 3V*i Do prefd 924 !
' Ft Wayrs 177 [Am Spirits 13>i j
Gt Nor prefd IS9H Do prefd 3S»i
Hocking Val S\ Am Tobacco 107
Illinois Cent ll«\l LVj prefd I*2 !
Lake Erie Ji W... ISTfclCons Gas 2U
L?o prefd 6o iCum Cable Co 175
Lake Shore ISO Col F & ron 35^ I
Louis & Nash 63% Do prefd 97 I
Manhattan L tO^fctGea Electric Us'-i I
ilet S: Ry 2S2'-i Haw Com Co 77 I
Mich Cent 113 Brooklyn R T 105^4 I
Minn & St L 52 3 -i ; lntl Paper 53
Do Ist prefd SS t Do prefd W-i j
Mo Pacific 4i T 4 Laclede Gas 53H
Mobile & Ohio 40 :L*ad 34
Mo S & T 12V Do ; .--/-: 113\ ■
Do prefd 33 iFederal Steel 52%, •
& J Central 117 VDo prefd S7>»
NY Central 135?4 Nat Lin Oil 5
N V Chi A St L... 13^ Pacific Mali 47H
Do Ist prefd 65 [People's Gas 120*4
'bo Id prefd 33 PuUm*n Pal 15»
Nor West 11%, Silver Certificates. 60
• No Amer Co 9 (Standard R v T... 10H
No Paciftc 50*4! Sugar 152^
Do prefd TB*i Do prefd 117
Ontario & W SSiifT C & Iron 52-4
Or R A NaT 44 U S Leather . «■»■■.)
Or Short Line «I*4 Do prefd 71^
- Pac C Ist prefd SS !U 3 Rubber 50-4 i
Do 2d pretd 62 1 Do prefd ...IIS I
Plttsburg ISO j Western Union 93*4 i
Heading M*4[Aia S & W 63% j
Do Ist prefd •><*» Do prefd 103
ROW 3C 'Or Nay prefd 72
' Do prefd 77i*;Fac Coast . 44
Rock Island H7Ti|Colo. Southern 7
ft Louis & S W... mi Do Ist prefd 55H
Do prefd 30*4 Do 2d prefd 23H
et Paul ex-d1v....12-si-i:Con Tobacco C 0... 60S
§ prefd. ex- a .!v ICo prefd S7
CLOSING BONDS.
X.- g 3 S 103 NY Central l»ts..H4
C S new 4s reg-..12941N - C is 11»4
coup 1234lNorth Carolina 83.130
L s 43 it Do* HW
Do coup 114 [No Pac Ists US
Do 2dß 93H Do 3s 6S
rq 5, reg 112*4 Do 4s IC3-4
Do 3 S coup nS%[K YC& S L 45...1G7
District 3.63s 1174 ' Nor & '•'■■ 65:. ......130
Ala class A 1W | Northwest consols. 1434
- . .. i» Do deb 5s 1221*
Do C 100 !O Nay l«t« 11l
Do CsrreacT ....1<» O Nay 4a 103
Atchison 4a IC2H O S Line 6s tr....l>\,
Do adj 49 SX% 0 B Line 5s tr 110
Can So 2ds 109 Beading -is S'J4
C & O 44s 92?j,;R G W Is la 91
Chicago Term 45.. Ps> St L& I M Con ss.lUVi
C & Oss 119 St L& S F Gen 65.1234
C H & D 44s 104*6 St P Con 167
D & R G lets ICS4 St P C & P 15t5. .1214
D&R O4s 100% Do 5s 120*;
East Term lsts ....1"" So Hy 5s 1064
Erie Gen 4s 73 Standard R&T 6a 564
FW & D lsts tr. S3 renn new set 35... 974
Gen Elec on 115 Tex Pac L G 15t5.1124
G H & S A ..11l i Do Res 2Js ... 53»i
Do Ids 110 j Union Pao 45... 1044
H & TC 5* 112 |C P D & G tots 524
Do con 6s 110 IWabash Ist as 11. 5 *
lowa C lsts 109 i Do 2ds 93% i
La new consols 4s.lC*4iW Shore 4s 113U
L & X Uni 4s '.•?** Va Centuries S3 1 *
Pac Con 6s 120 Do deferred 9
M X & T 2ds «7VI WU Cent lets 6S%i
Do 43 93 Colo Southern <■ 564
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 35 Ontario 5 00
Crown Point tSJOphir 1 10
Con Cal & Va 2 10 Plymouth 10
Dead wood 60 Quicksilver - CO
Gould & Curry... ■»-' j Do prefd 650
Hale & Norcross.. 34 Sierra Nevada 1 2.)
Homestake 55 00 1 Standard 2 50
Iron Silver 65 Union Con 66
Mexican 76! Yellow Jacket 30
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— ! Do prefd 634
Call loans 3?4 Wis Cent 2-*
Tim? loans 34S4;Atch prefd 604 .
Stocks — I Bonds—
A T & St F© 20*; At h - D 4s 100 |
Amer Sugar 1624! Mining Shares-
Do prefd 117 AHouei Mln — S4
Bell Tel M 0 Atlantic 31
Boston & Albany.. 24s ! Boston & Mont — 345
Boston & Maine. ..l:: Butte & Boston... $54
Boston L PS 7 * .Calumet & Hecla..76T4
Chi Bur & Q 142% Centennial 41
Fltchburg 122 j Franklin 24*4
Gen Electric 116 I Old Dominion 43
Fed Steel 53 Osceola S7
Do rrefd 874 Quincy 150
Mexican Cent .... « Huraboldt 2*4
Old Colony 202 Tamarack 220
Rubber 50 |Wolverine 434
Union Pao 4"i Parrott 44
West End 93fc Winona 16
Do prefd 112 Adventure 12
Westingh Eleo ... 47 i l'nion Land 7
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. March 23.— The Commercial
Advertiser's London financial cablegram, says:
The markets here were very slack this mom-
Ing. The tone, however, was firm on more
buying of consols for the sinking fund, which
requires the purchase of a million by the- end
of the month. Americans were neglected but
steady. In the afternoon New York bought
St. Paul. Norfolk and Denver preferred. The
close was at the tvst.
Tintos were 39 T ii on the dividend of -'-■ I. tans
were fiat at "-. ; - Bostons were '--.. Ana
condas. S*i.
CLOSING.
LONDON. March 13. -Canadian Pacific, SS4:
Northern Pacific preferred. 80%: Union Pacific
preferred. S2T»- Grand Trunk, 7S; bar silver
steady. 27 7-16 d; money. :4j?2*i per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. March 23.— FLOUR— Receipts.
18,770 barrels; exports, 5444 barrels. Quiet but :
steadily held at old prices.
WHEAT— 75.000 bushels: exports, j
231.755 bushels. Spot, steady. No. 2, Sl4c f.
o. b. afloat and to arrive. Options opened werfX
under bearish English cables, and did not rally
much all day. although crop news was de- ,
cidedly bad from Kansas and Missouri. Prices
Improved slightly near the cl^se on covering
and left off steady at Stf4c net decline.
March. SOlfcffSlttc. closed BH4c; May. 73 9-161?
74 11-160. cTosed 73V~: July, 72^*y" 34c. closed
72** c: September. 7i-Vu r : . closed 71c
HOPS— Firm.
WOOL— Firm.
METALS— It was a day of small things on
the Metal Exchange, buyers ar.d sellers alike j
being indifferent, while news of Importance i
from abroad and the West was not forthcom
in?. The slight variations recorded in prices
were almost entirely nominal and lacked sig
nificance. At the close the Metal Exchange
called: . ,
FIGIRON — 'Warrants, quiet and nominal,
with 116 SO bid ar.d $11 isked.
LAKE COPPER— DuII and nominal, with
Sl* 75 bid and $17 25 asked.
TlN— Steady, with $23 65 bid and f?3 .a asked.
LEAD— Unchanged, with J4 4>"> bid and $4 *24
asked. The brokers' price for lead is '■■ 20,
and copper $17 20'<?17 c.O.
SPELTER Unchanged, with ?•':•" bid and
$6 40 asked.
COFFEE— Options closed steady. unchanged
to 5 points lower. Sales. 20,500 bags, includ- j
Ing: June. Jo 10; July. $5 20; September. *3 40;
November. $5 50: December. $5 «c: March. $5 80,
Spot— Rio. dull and easy. No. 7 invoice. 6 l-16c;
No. 7 Jobbing. 6 9-16 c. Mild— Quiet. Cordova,
SSI4C
SAR—Raw. steady. Fair refining, Z'-^e:
centrifugal. 9*5 test. 4*»e: molasses sugar, 3 l 4 c
Refined, steady. _
PUTTER— Reoeipts. 9170 packages. Firm.
Western creamery. 17@ 22c: Bins. 22c; factory,
11#144c.
EGGS — Receipts. 15, 246 packages. Steady.
Western. i*c; Southern. !3 3 -«'g ; l4c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. March 23.— California dried
fruits, firm. *_„
EVAPORATED APPLES— C i-Sv;c:
prime wire tray. %@S%c; choice, Sfe^ric;
far.cy._ 9\#loc.r
APRICOTS— *Royal." 13^n4c: Moorpark. 134®
AFRJ
PEACHES— Unpeeled. ?1?llc: peeled, 25-^2Sc.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. March 23— Friends of wheat suf
fered a disappointment at th* start, for in
spite of considerable strergth exhibited on the
curb last right. May wheat opened Vs'g^c
lower at esges'-nc. The chief factor in the
weakness was tlv» radical change in the char
acter of the advices from Liverpool. That
market at the opening, which resp.st-.ded only
feebly to yesterday's strength here, commenced
Immediately to break, closing wit a loss of
i»c. Wltb that discouraging situation to start
or., confidence was undermined and liquida
tion became urgent, forcing May down to
63JJC. Reports from private sources of damage
to winter wheat came in from all quarters, j
There was a general feeling, however, that the !
increased breadth of fa',l seeding would amply
compensate f>~>r whatever damage has — >n
done. The Liverpool weakness was <ald tr> be
due to free offerings of wheat from Russia, i
At 6S»sc the rr.ark-t was below the level of
put*, and lying against those privileges, to- i
gether with scattered coverir^? by shorts on I
account of fin Continental markets, starts!
aa upturn near the er.d. May closing at SSftQ
6S\C.
Corn weakened easily with wheat, but later
regained most of the loss. Small receipts
and a fair shipping demand were responsible
for the change of sentiment. May declined
He.
Oats were active and lower, with both the
buying and selling scattered. There was a
good cash demand from the East. May closed j
, H©V4c lower.
Under the Influence of an improved export j
demand for lard, provisions ruled unexpected
ly steady, notwithstanding the decline in grain, j
The chief business was exchanging of May j
holdings for July or September at the current j
differences. Pork closed 74c higher and lard
and ribs 5c each.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 63J-4 6:Hi 65% 6S'i
July eS4 654 67* i 654
Corn No. 2 —
May 35*, 353% 34 35% >
Juiv 38 36 35^ 3o T i I
September 364- 364 364 3«H
Oats No. —
May 2<5% M% mi 2-5U
July 24% 25 24^ 244
Mesa Pork, per barrel —
May 885 9 I*4 895 9 074
July 9 124 930 9 124 925
Lard, per ICO pounds-
May 530 533 5 274 535
July 5 424 5 474 5 424 6 474
September 5 574 ' ■' 5 574 6 574
Short Ribs, per 19 pounds-
May 470 4 774 470 473
July 4-24 4 574 4 ?24 4 574
■September 495 SCO 495 500 '
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour steady: No. 2 spring wheat. 57'5634c:
No. 3 sprins wheat. 634^65c: No. 2 red. 70<3
734 c• No. 2 coin. 34^c: No. 2 oats. 274t?25c: j
No 2 white. 304g31c; No. 3 white. 25if.(g.Wi4c: j
Jvcx : rye. 314 c; No. ! barley. SS'aMTc; No. 1 !
fia.-cseed, $1 174; prime timothy seed, $2 324: ;
mess pork, per barrel. {"■ 95Q9; lan'.. per 100 j
pounds. $5 2Cg"5 25; short rib sides, loose. $4 45 |
©4 SO: dry salted shoulders, boxed. 4Vig4*ic: j
short clear sides, boxed, $4 30-gj; whisky, dis- j
tillers' finished goods, per gallon. $1 W. !
Articles Receipts. Shipments, i
Flour barrels 13.0>*) 23.000 j
Wheat, bushels 37.000 23.0W !
Corn bushels 146.000 12S,0Ci> :
Oats bushels 167.C00 2«0.000 !
Rye bushels 2.000 5.000 I
Barley, bushels 24.0C0 6.0G0 j
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter j
market was firm: creameries. 14c2 A dairies. I
U4SISC- Eggs, firm; fresh. 1240. Cheese,
steady: creameries. VJ\®S2'-ic.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS. I
Receipts. Shipments. I
I Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
'■ Minneapolis 152.250 40,87!>
Duluth 115.432
Milwaukee 14.000 6.200 i
Chtcago ..-- !
foledo S.IW 17.000 1
St Louts 10. CCO 10.0CT ]
Detroit ».75l . w
Kansas City 10.000 IS.CCO
Totals «
Tidewater —
Boston 51.174 ISO. 443
New York 75.CC0 ' I3l.m)<J
Philadelphia 1.343 3. 022
Baltimore 5,55<5
New Orleans -
j Galveston _ 24.350 112,000
Totals 138.533 E26.:£7
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAKL, FEIDAY, MARCH 24, 1899.
LIVERPOOL, FUTURES.
Wheat— March. May. July.
Opening 5 i 1 * 5 5% " 5 5
Closing 5 4 5 3T4 5 3%
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— March. May.
Opening 41 30 43 65
Closing 45 15 43 75
Wheat-
Opening 20 75 20 90
Closing 20 75 2100
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. March 23 -CATTLE— were
slow, to-day. Facncy cattle. Jo 70©6 80: choice
steers. $5 s">i?s 65: mediums. $4 60©4 95: beef
steers. $3 So 6 4 55; stockers and feeders, $3 600
( 75: bulls, $2 60^4; Western fed steers, M 20®
5 50: Texas steers. Jo 70 1: 4 90: calves. %i 50©7 15.
HOGS— The demand for hogs was especially
strong and 24c higher. Fair to choice, $3 $24
©■3 95: packing lots. $3 55£3 60; mixed. $3 GO'S 1
3 524: butchers, $3 O#3 90; lights. $3 Co@3 So;
piss, 13 £5Jf3 70.
SHEEP— Strong. Poor to prime sheep, $3^5;
chiefly $4 40 and upward: yearlings. $5@5 25; ex
port, heavy, sheep, $4 86; Inferior to choice
lambs la fleece sold at $435 90. largely $5 40®
5 85.
Receipts— Cattle. 11.000: hogs, 26.000; sheep.
19. COO.
DENVER.
DENVER, March CATTLE — Receipts,
('•'■ Market active and firm. Beef steer*.
S3 73<3'5; cows. $3 25<@'4: feeders. freight paid to
river. $3 6.Vi?4 75: stockers do, $-> :i 90; bulls.
stags, etc.. *2 25173 25.
HOGS— Receipts. 50& Market 5c higher.
Light packers. *3 SC-g3 65; mixed. $3 KG! 70;
heavy. $3 cQ'32 65.
6IIEEP— 600. Market unchanged.
LONDON* WOOL SALES.
LONDON, March 23.— The wool auction sales '
to-day closed with offerings of 14.250 bales. The ;
prices realized to-day were higher, and good
merinos were taken by the Continent buyers.
Better crossbreds were In brisk demand, with
the German and Yorkshire buyers competing.
Cane of Good Hod« and Natal stock was in ;
good supply and ■'.*. well. The closing tone ]
of the sales was firm.
During the series 75.000 bales .were taken by
the home trade, 34,000 bales by the Continent. |
1000 by the American buyers, and 12,000 were
carried over to the next series.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. March 23.— Consols, 110%; silver, '
27 7-16 d: French rentes, 102f 35c; wheat cargoes
off coast, buyers and sellers apart; cargoes on
passage, sellers at advance 3d; Walla Walla,
27s Sd; English country markets, Quiet.
LIVERPOOL. March 23.— WHEAT — Firm;
wheat In Paris, tirm: flour In Paris, quiet;
French country markets, firm.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 11-S2d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— firm. Futures, quiet; March, ;
5s Hid: May. Efl 3 id; July. 5e 3Hd.
CORN— Spot, firm: American mixed new. 3s
s*id' do eld, 3s 54d. Futures, quiet; March,
nominal; May, 3s 4 d; July. 3s 4%d-
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or.. March Clearings, 1233,
--900; balances. $50,528.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or.. March IS.- The Wheat mar- j
ket continues quiet, ■;• no noticeable change
occurred ally to-day. Quotations on Walla :
Walla were generally about Stc. with He to lo j
more possible for heavy Wheat for milling pur- j
poses. Valley was about 57c and blue stem 53
(2 60c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash., March 23.— WHEAT—
564 c; blue stem, 594@<5<H4c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, SO days — U 844
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 564
Sterling Cables — 4 87
New York Exchar.ce, eight • — lo
New York Exchange, telegraph. — 174
Fine Silver, per ounce — 6?*»
Mexican Dollars — 44
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— A better demand for shipment '
hardened spot quotations, but the heavy rain j
softened futures, as will be seen. The French j
Market has been rising for several days. |
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 OoViSl '4. milling, ;
n io®i 124.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock— December — :
WOO ctls. $1 UN: 12.000, $1 11%; £6,0 C), Jl 11%. .
May— 2 X->. $1 08*4; 2006. $1 08%. ■
Second Session— l sales.
Regular Morning Session— December — 4000 ctls.
H 11%; 20.000. $1 11 s * : 2000. $1 11*,. May— MOO.
SI C* I*.1 *.
afternoon Session — December — 10,000 ctls,
II liv. May— 6ooo. $1 --- 15.000. si '»••».
BARLEY— There is a little something doing '
on call, but the spot market is motionless and
will probably continue so until the weather
clears.
Feed. $1 20f?l 25; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock— Seller '99, new
-€000 ctls. So^Sc.
Second Session — No sales.
Reeular Morning Session— Seller '99, new—
&>() ctls. Ss%c; 14.0C«\ SS^c; 6000, S6c; 10.CO0,
S6%c; w»\ ssmc.
\fteri:oon Session — SellPr '99. new — 4OTO Us,
55% c: 14,000, BHic December— ?XO, 8914 c
OATS— The market is dead, there being no
buyers.
Fancy Feed. $1 45 per ctl: good to choice.
{1 4 |V gl 424: common, SI 32 ! -2??l 374; Surprise
$1 4561 60; Gray, $1359140; Milling. Jl 424 per
ctl: Red. Jl :■"&! 55; Black, $1 3>>3l 40.
CORN— There is nothing new to report, trade
being dull at the familiar quotations.
Small round Yellow. Jl 25: Eastern large Tel
low JllftSllSH: White, $110; mixed, $1 or-3
110 per ct!: California White, Jl 124.
RYE-J1 ««! 124 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras. J4: bakers'
extras. $3 S3<S"3 90; Oregon and Washington,
$3 ti 365 per bl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, tz 23 per 100 pounds : Rye Flour. $2 73
per 100; Rice ' Flour. $7; Corns v 30: extra
cream Comrneal. $3 2.3: Oatmeal, 14 T o"gt7o;
Oat Groats. $4 75: Hominy. S3 2533 JO; Buck
wt-eat Flour. $434 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina. $4 50: Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrel 3). ti li/q% 95: in sacks. $$3556 75;
Pearl Barley, $3: Split Peas. $4 25: Green Peas.
$4 50 p<er 100 pounds.
HAY AND_FE_EDSTUFFS.
Farmers continue to send In Hay, though j
there is no market while the rain keeps up.
There will be an accumulation of stock In two
or three days more at the present rate. Farm- j
ers should never ship in the rain.
Bran and Middlings are stiil lower and weak
at the decline.
BRAN JIS per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI?'g2I per ton.
FEEBSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $2«<@27 per I
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. 1314931 50; job
bing, $32832 30; Cccoanut Cake, $24^23; Cot
tonseed M-ai. 53&&38 per ton: Cornmeal, J23 50 ■
G2150; racked Corn, 524g25; Mixed Feed. ;
$19 W'g2o.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat. $I*@lS for good
to choice and $14 00-glo ZQ for lower grades;
Wheat and Oat. $14^17: Oat. ?:■!.,:•>. Island !
Barley. $12©14; Alfalfa. $10 912 Stwk, $3<@
11: Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY .from Oregon. Nevada, etc.)
—Wheat and Wheat and Oat. $13^14: Cheat.
$11 sO'ffl3; Grass Hay. $9 SO'glO 50; Oat. iW§
14 50; Clover, $10 SCgll 50; Timothy. $11@12 per
ton
STRAW— per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Prices for all descriptions remain unchanged
ard trade is quiet.
BEANS— Bayoa, $1 73«1 SS; Small Whites.
$2 1063 20; Large Whites. $1 ■-■'-■}: Pinks. I
$2CCS2 13; Reds. $3 25@3 33; Blackeye, $3 73.^
S 85: Butters. $2 25'Q2 SC: Llrr.as. $3 50^3 65: Pea.
$2 2562 58; Red Kidneys. $2 3O'g2 60 per ctl.
SEEDS— Mustard. $4 50414 75 per ctl;
yellow Mustard. $3 7334; Flax. $2 15/82 25; Ca
nary Seed. 2 1 *'g2»ic per Ib; Alfalfa. S^sij,c:
Rape. 2 1 -i'g2 3 '4c: Hemp. 24"G3c: Timothy,
DRIED PEAS— Niles. %i Ss@l 70; Green. ».^
2 30 per ctL
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Receipts were IS4 boxes Asparagus, 131 boxes
Rhubarb and 3 sacks Peaa.
The only changes in Potatoes were a sharp
advance In Merced Sweets, which are scarce,
and a slight decline in new Potatoes. Onion 3
are steady at the advance.
Receipts of Vegetables were extremely light.
owing to the storm, which enabled dealers to
work off their left-over stock.
POTATOES— SI s<!<gl 60 per ctl for Early Rose.
$1 40@l 50 for River Burbanks: Sonoma, and
Maria Burbanks. $1 40'gl 65 per ctl; Oregon, j
$1 25©1 50 for seed and $1 60<gl «5 for large; !
Sweet Potatoes. $2 50- for Merced; New Pota
toes. 34?4c per Ib.
ONIONS— 30c®$l 25 per ctl. outside quotation.
for Oregon.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus. $1 JS^i 73 per box
for No. 3, $2£2 25 for No. 1 and lc per Ib
for fancy; F.hubcrb. 6ocg*l 25 per box; Green
Peas. s#7c; String Beans, 12V4c; Cabbage. io<9
EOc Tomatoes. fcr Los Angeles and
for Mexican: Egg Plant. 12VsC per Ib; Gar
lic S'«Sc per ib: Dried Okra. 15c per Ib: Dried
Peppers. 10c: Green Peppers. ; Carrots. -C«W
35c per sack; Mushrooms. 10<®15c per Ib: Sum
mer Squash, from the South. per Ib; Hot
house Cucumbers, $1 30 per doi.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Poultry was high and scarce, owing to the
absence of Eastern stock and to light receipts.
A car of Eastern came In late In, the afternoon.
Game stood about the same.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. 14g16c; live
Turkeys. 12@13c for Gobblers and 13@14c for I
Hens; Geese, per pair. $1 75@2 25: Goslings. $2 50 .
@3; Ducks, $5 60® 7 for old and $7 50@3 for
young; Hens. to 6W|6 50: young Boosters, $S@3;
old Roosters. $5 50@6: Fryers. $7@7 50: Broilers.
$536 50 for large. $4'qs for small; Pigeons. $1 50
@1 75 per dozen for old and $2 25£2 50 for
Squabs.
GAME— Gray Geese, $2 " "5'3: White Geese. 7."c
(StU Brant, |I©l 50; Hare, $1; »abbits, $1 50
for Cottontails and $1 for email; English Snipe.
$2 50®3 per doz.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter declined again and was soft at the
decline. Eggs did better, as the storm la keep
ing back supplies from the country.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 19c; seconds, 17 1
©ISC.
Dairy— to fancy. 16@17c; common
grades, 15c.
Pickled Goods are about cleaned up.
Eastern Butter — Nominal.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. ll^llWc; old,
10®104c; Cream Cheddar, 12®12Hc; Young j
America, 114-g'l2Hc; Eastern. ll%@Uc.
EGGS — Quoted at 15$ 164 c per do*.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS,
Some Strawberries came in from Palo Alto.
Mountain View and Bouldin Island, and sales
were made at $3 per drawer. Like all the first
arrivals, they were green. Other fruits were
unchanged.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples. 73ig$l 25 for common. $1 "051 75 per
box for No. I and $2@2 50 for choice to fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $2 25® 3 25
per box: Seedlings. $I@l 75; Mediterranean i
Sweets, $1 •■■".-. Mandarins. ; Lemons. 73c
@1 50 for common and i- f 32 50 for good, to
choice; Mexican Limes. $4 BOOS; California
Limes 75c<g$l per small box; Grape Fruit. $2
I @3; Bananas. $1 5052 50 per bunch; Pineap
; ples, $234 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
Prunes are now the leading variety, and the
' stock is said to be reduced to about 3"0 cars, j
! The New York Commercial says:
"The expected Improvement in Prunes has I
begun, a few sizes showing slight advances. ;
They are becoming scarce, though no two au- .
' thorities agree as to the number of cars now in
first hands. It -seems certain, however, that it
is much smaller than usual at this season, and
that practically everything in sight will be
I picked up within a month. The close concen-
I tration of stocks and the rapid movement Into
■ consumption preclude all possibility of a decline
■ In price. In fact, there is substantial agree
ment In the statement that as stock* clean up
and desirable qualities become more and more
difficult to obtain, prices will rise, and prob
ably continue high during the season, or until j
l the new crop comes in." 1
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 7c for 40-50 s, 4%
! 06c for 60-60's, 4@44c for 60-70's. 3Vi'g34c for :
70-*0"« 2*.y3e for SO-90's. Ci-@2^ic for SO-100's j
and 2o for IW-110"s; Silver Prunes. ; |
Peaches. SHffSSe tor good to choice, ' 1? for j
fancy and for peeled; Apricots. 124@150
for Royals and for Moorpar Evap
orated "Apples. S4S'9c; sun dried. s<£s4c;
Black Figs, sacks, 2-£2'-2c; Plums, nominal, 2c ;
for unpltted; Pears, nominal.
RAISINS— S*4C for two-crown. 4»ic or three
crown. s s -** for four-crown. 441?6c for Seed
less Sultanas, :"■•.• for Seedless Muscatels
and Jl 20 for London Layers: Dried Grapes.
XUTS Chestnuts. 7c per Ib: Walnuts, ?^
! 9c for hardshell 115?12c for softshell: Almonds,
7#Sc for hardshell. 13-al4c for softshell, 15@17c
for paper shell: Peanuts. 6ti7c for Eastern and
44550 for California; Cocoanuta, $4 50g5.
HONEY— Comb. Italic for bright and Sf?9c
for lower grades: water white extracted. 7'i
ig74c: light amber extracted, 7c; dark, 5354 c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 2S227c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. Sc per !h for heavy.
84©9 c for light medium. 104@Ilc for light.
12c for extra light and 124613 c for siisrar
cured: Eastern Suear-cured Hams, 134911 c:
California Hams, l^c: Mess F^ef. $;:'sv: jo p- r
I bbl; extra Mess Beef. $13 50; Family B«f.
$14 50/?15; extra prime Pork. $12: extra clear.
$1S; n-.ess. $16 : Smoked Beef. 104@llc per ib.
LARD— quoted at 6@5%C per Ib for
compound and ~'-*-c for pure; h;ilf-barrels,
pure 7\T:«c: 10-lb tins. S4c: :--lb tins, S^c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces. 6*BS6 7 »c: packages,
less than 400 lbs. 1-lb paiis. 60 in a case, muc;
3-lb rail:?. 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lb pails. 12 In
n case. 84c; Wib pails. 6 in a case, s»ic;
50-1 b tins. lor 2in a case, "- wooden buck
ets 20 lbs net. SHe: fancy tubs. 80 lbs net,
7"%e: half-barrels, about 118 lbs, I\c.
i HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands "ell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium. 9c; light, Sf/>4c: Cow
hides. S4@9c: Stags. 60: Salted Kip, 9c: Calf.
! 10c; dry Hides, and, 15c; culls and brands.
12c; dry K!p and Veal, l.*c: dry Calf. 17c:
Sheepskins. shearlings, lCf?3oc each: short
Wool. 33§60c each: medium. 70<§30c; lone Wool.
«cfisl 10 each; Horse Hides, salt. 11 75^2 23
for large and $1 for small: Colts, 23-Ss*- for
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, ~-<.~.~'-~_r- per lb: j
No. 2. 2' l i<?3c: fined. 4* l fi"'C: Grease, 2??24c.
WO<">L— Spring Clips — Southern Mountain, 1* :
months. 7S?c; San Joaqnin and Southern. 7
months sai>c: Focthill ar.d Northern free, 10
«j!2c: Foothi'.l and Northern defective,
Humboldt and Mendoclno. H^lSc; Nevadd, 10
O12c: Eastern Oregon. 10gl2c.
Fa : Wools—
Humbotdt and Mendocin^ 9 -311
Northern Mountain 7 fflO
Southern I & 74
Plains 6 'Q '
HOPS— crop. lf'Tllc per Ib for ordinary,
123 124 for good and 13@15c for choice to fancy
from first hands.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— The rail hav<» led dealers to ask
higher prices for grain bags. Calcutta Grain
Pars s%4?S*6<s f"r Jun» and July: Wool Bag 3.
2€Q2«c: San Quentin Bags. $4 95.
COAL — Wellington. $S per ton; New Welling
ton, $ 5 Southfleld Wellington. $7 50: Seattle.
$6; Bryant. $6: COO 5 Bay. $5: Wallsend. $7 30:
Scotch. $S: Cumberland. $S in bulk and $J 25
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14;
Camel $S 50 r er ton: Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke. $12 per ton in bulk and $14
In sacks.
SUGAR— ■Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cub-. Crushed
and F'ne Crushed. 5%c; Pof^r-I. ESr; Candy
Granulated. s l ic; Dry Granulated. SHe: Con
fectioners' A. "-. California A. 4 7 &c; Magnolia
A. 4V:; Extra C, 4Sc: Golden C. 44c; half :
barrels. *•» ■ more than barrels, and boxes, 14c
more. No order taken for less than 73 barrels :
or Its equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
There was no change In any description yes
terday.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF-TS? per lb.
VEAL— Large. ""-57'-,c: small. Sc p*r tb.
MUTTON— Wethers. «'3«4c: Ewes. Sc per lb.
LAMB— Spring. !OfJl24c per lb.
PORK— Liv» Hogs. 5H'5-4<? for email, 540
for medium and Stj-s'ic for large: stock Hogs j
and Feeders, 4S4^c; dressed Hogs, 7@Bc.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Thursday. March 23.
Flour, qr sks 19.453 Hay, tons EM
Wheat, ctls 1.7^0 Wool. Kales 15
Farley. ctl3 3»UPelts, bdls 105
Cheese, ctl* ...*.. 22 li Hides. No 74
: Butter, ctls 2?4! Brandy, gals ... 3..T0
Beans, ska 430}Wme, gals SO.OOO
Potatoes, ski 1.973:Eg-gs. doz 2L4S)
Onions, sks 10 f Quicksilver, flks. 12
i Bran, sks 1.395 (Leather, mils — 243 I
I Middlings, sks... 49l'Lim% bbi3 228
OREGON. J
Flour. «r sks 1.3721 Bran, ska — 620
NEVADA.
Barley, ctls 3301
THE STOCK MARKET.
The sugar stocks were quiet on the Bond
Exchange and quotations showed little varia
tion.
Mining stocks were steady to firm, with slight
fluctuations.
Advices Just received by the Rlsdon Iron
Works from their representatives on the Com
stock state that the pumping machinery will
not be In readiness for starting before Satur
day or Sunday. The old attachments have
been withdrawn from the shaft and the new
elevator Is now being lowered '.".'- its place.
Tha Overman assessment of " cents per share |
will be delinquent in the board 3 to-day.
The official letter from tee Justice mlna
states that on the 370-foot level they have drift
ed north from toe top of No. I upraise. follow-
Ing the ore a dttsance of eight feet. The face
is In or» assaying, gold, $10 85; silver. 6 ounces: i
total. $14 -::•; per ton. The sooth drift on this
level was advanced twelve feet. This drift
will connect with the old west crosscut during
the coming week. During- the past week they
hoisted twenty-six tons of ore from No. 1 up
' raise. Car samples of the .same average, gold,
1 pa 83; silver, ■> ounces: total, $23 71 per ton.
I on the 49<1-foot level the work has been con
j fined to the construction of an ore chute In the ;
' upraise from the south drift. This work is
now finished and they are prepared to com
mence extracting ore at this point. Two W;i
fley concentrators have been ordered for the ,
mill and will soon be. shipped.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, March 23-4 p. m.
Bid.Ask.l „ Bld.Ask.
Bonds— E<mlt G L Co. S4 S^,
Is qtiar coup 113 — I Mutual El Co. 15^ W
4s quar reg... — — (Oakland Gas.. 43 50
«* quar new... — l£H4:Pac LCo — 454 .
3s quar cou?..ir7hl« !Pac LCo — 84
Miscellaneous— 'S F G & E-... S2*i S4
Cal-st Cab 55.H5 118 ; San Fran 34 IS*
Cal Rec L «5.125t%1274 Stockton Gas.. — 1* :
C C Wat 3s 108 — * Insurance—
Dnp-st ex c... — — Flrem's Ftmd.22o — j
E L & P 63-.130 — ; Bank Stocks—
F&CI By 53. 116 — Ac?lo-Cal ... 63 —
Geary-st R s*. — 98 ißank of Cal.. — Js* ,
I H C & S 545. — 105 Cal SD & T.. 9S 9SH j
L A L Co 65.. — — I First Nationl.22o 223
; Do gntd 65. .100*41014 Lon P & A. -.129*4133
Market-at t0.. 127% — Mer Exchange — 16
Do Ist M is. 115** — Nev Nat 8k...177H —
NC N G R 75. 107 — i Savings Banks—
N Ry Cal 6s..ll3\lHV».iser S & L... — 1673
N Ry Cal Be.. — 113^ Hum S & L.1050 1160
N r PC X R 6s. — 107 Mutual Say. — 414
NPC R R 55. 1024 — S F Say U.. 500 —
\ Cal R R 55. 100 — S& L 50.... — 101 j
Oak Gas 55.. 109 — Security S B 300 350 !
Om CRy 65...1254 — Union T Co.. — 1470
!P& Cl Ry 6s..ICSH — i Street Railroads—
|P & O 6s 117 — California ....112 —
: Powell-st 65... — 1214 Geary 45 —
I Sac El Ry ss. — — jMarket-st 64 65
8F& X P 55. 1114 — Dak ? L & H. — — ,
SF & S JVos.lls — Presidio 11 US
SierraßCal 65.10441054 Powder—
S P of Ar 65.. — 133% California .... — 1«
SPC6s (1903)113%114U;E Dynamite... 9.4 —
5 P C 6s (1906) US Giant Con Co. W£ 6 .L_
3 PC 6a (1912)1224— Vlgorit -^i -~
3PCIs eg ss. 105 — Sugar
? P Br 6s 125 1254 Hana P C 0.... 17% IS-*
B V Water 6s.llfi*Ul7H'Haw C & S C. [7% —
S V Water 45.103« i — Hutch S P Co. 31** i
-5 V W4s(3dm).lolV» — Paauhau S P. 3S>» —
Stktn Gas 65.. 100 107 Miscellaneous-
Water Stocks— Al Pac Assn..los\lo9i»
Contra Costa.. 634 63% Ger Ld Wk5...200 —
Marln Co 50 - Her Ex Assn.. 90 —
Spring Valley. lo2*los% -Oceanic & Co.. I**-—
Gas and Electric— ; Pac A F A.... i* —
: Capita! Gas-... — — Pac C Bor Co.lOo —
Cent Gaslight. — — Par Paint Co.. .4 —
Cent L & P... 7% 8 ■
Morning Session.
Board- ... „.
20 Alaska Packers' Assn W9 ™
100 Equitable Gas « *»
50 Equitable Gas v - "i":,: 55
$5000 Market St Ry Con 6 per cent bonds, oO
$1000 Market St Cable 6 per cent bonds... 1-s w
5 Mutual Electric Light 1» a 0
$2000 N P C R R 5 per cent bonds ivt ±3
15 Oceanic S S Co «* g
160 Paauhau B P Co » £f
15 Presidio R R « »
30 S 7 Gas & Electric Co » «
$SCCO S V Water 4 per cent bonds 103 oO
Afternoon Session.
Board — „ ..
200 Contra Costa Water 63 50
200 Equitable Gas » «
15 Giant Powder Con ,-':-',
10 Har.a Plantation Co : . 3;H
35 Hana Plantation Co » «l
5 Hana Plantation Co « •*
60 Hana Plantation Co *^",t- -I
$40CO Market St R R Con 5 per cent bds.llo 60
51C<k> Market St Cable 6 per cent bonds.. US M)
ICO Paauhau ? P Co » aO
. . 10 S F Gaslight 3 »o
' 100 S F Gaslight, s 30 * •£
25 Spring Valley Water 102 »
35 S F Gaslight & Electric Co S3 CO
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Miming; Session.
Board—
25 Paauhau S P Co SS 50
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 53 *•**
40 Giant Powder Con 61 *-
Street —
60 Equitable Gaslight 9 °°
Afternoon Session.
Board— . _
10 Oceanic S S Co »«
25 Hutchinson B P Co 32 00
50 Mutual Electric Light lj> •»
20 Spring Valley Water - - -■>
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Andes ■ '-- 100 Orhlr 125
100 Belcher 3S| 300 Overman 14 ■
800 Best .<& Belcher 63 400 Savage 33
150 Caledonia 43, 10* Sierra Nevada. 1 S3 I
50 Caledonia 41 : SOT Union Con ... OS
31V1 Con Cal & Va.2 SO 200 Union Con 69
2<X> Con Cal & Va.2 231 100 Utah 23 i
in.) Confidence 1 05 100 Utah 22 |
500 Crown Point... 30 i 1W Yellow Jacket. 34 j
Afternoon Session. !
100 Belcher 40 $00 Ophlr 125!
4r.0 B*>st & Belcher 64 TOO Overman 13
2iN3 Caledonia 47 100 PotOßl 33
500 Challenge El £<X> Potosi 35
400 Chollar 42 SO* Savage 34
600 Con Cal A Va.2 33 400 Savage 33
50.1 Crown Point... 34! 500 Seg Belcher.... 07 j
EAT Gould &: Curry 43 500 Sierra Nevada. l 40 I
100 Hale 4 Norcrs 37 ; 10"rt Silver Hill 05
200 Mexican SI! 4^o Union Con — TO j
100 Occidental 3! 3" Utah 25
?flo Occidental 32 i 600 Yellow Jacket. 38 i
260 Occidental . 30! i
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Horning Session.
800 Andes 211 500 Overman 13
500 Best A- Belcher 61 500 Overman 14
200 .lion 05 3-""3 Savage 33 I
:<"•<) Challenge Con. 4>>i 6i» Savage 32
300 Con Cal & V.2 324 SOO Seg Belcher 05
3.v) con Cal i- V...2 30! 500 Silver Hill 05 [
4W Con Cal & V...2 25 1 7CO Union Con .... 6?
250 Crown Point .. 3011500 Union Con ... 67 ;
GOO Exchequer 03; 400 Union Con — «9 J
2<i<> Gould v Curry 50. 500 Utah 22
400 Mexican 80(1000 Yellow Jacket. 35
3ivi Mexican SI W0 Yellow Jacket. 34
3"0 Ophir 1 25! 3>'«> Yellow Jacket. 36
SCO Ophir 1 20|
Afternoon Session.
700 Andes 22 1 2i*<* Mexican 82 ;
'■ ll'Yr Belcher 40. 2<v> '•Id'nral 32 1
200 Belcher «1 4-/0 Occidental 33 1
3'M Best & Belcher 63! 8» Ophlr 1 20 ;
3?0 Challenge Con. 50 400 Orhlr 1224 1
400 Chollar 40I200OpMr : -"•
200 Con Cal & V.2 324 1 2") Potosi 35 !
2CO Con Ca! & V...2 30] 200 Potosi 34 i
10i>"i Cnn Imperial .. "2 ■ 15^«i Seg Belch»r ... 07 ■
3'o Crown Point... 32! 500 See Belcher ... o*> ■■
300 Crown Point... 33 200 Sierra Nevada. l 23 I
400 Crown Point... 34 500 Silver Hill 06
2CO Exchequer 03 300 Union Con 6%
9<v> Julia Cr> 200 Union Con 6* i
600 Mexican SI 400 Y»l!ow Jacket. 37
200 Mexican S3 300 Yellow Jacket. 3!) j
CLOSING QUOTATION'S.
THURSDAY. March 23—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. i Bid. Ask.
Alpha Con .... 09 10! Justice 24 2.>
Alta 14 ISiKentuck 14 —
Amies 21 22 Lady Wash — 04
Bel.-her 40 4. M \ in S2 83 '
i Best <k Belcher 63 €4 Occidental 31 33 ;
Bullion 05 («» 'Ophir 1201251
Caledonia 4-5 —l Overman 15 16 1
Chollar 40 II ; Potosi 35 3«
! Challenge Con.. 52 SaTmge S3 34
Confidence —1 15 — Scorpion — 05 I
Con Cal & Va. 2 30 235 j Beg Belcher.... 06 08
Con Imperial... 02 09 Sierra Nevada. l 35 140
Crown Point .. 34 36 1 Silver Hill .... 05 05
Con New York. 02 — Syndicate — 08
Eureka Con ... 40 — 'Standard 175 —
Exchequer 03 04 1 Union Con — 67 63 i
Gould & Curry. M 47 Utah 24 25
Hale & Norcrs 37 3S; Yellow Jacket. 33 39
Julia. 04 05i
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Albert Gallatfn to Malvina Gallatin (wife),
lot or. XW corner of Scott and Jackson streets.
W 137:* by N 127:814 sift.
California Sale Deposit and Trust Company
to came, same; $10.
James H. and Delia Dtimbrell to John H.
and Charles T. Dumbr«U. lot en E line of
Broderick street. 110 S of California. S 27.6 by ;
E 110; $10.
Edwin McAfee to Nellie McMurray. lot on
N line of Clay street. 122 :S "■■ of Laurel. Wl3
by N' 127:5^: $10.
"Louis T. Olsen to Mine, lot on X line of Clay
street 137:6 W of Laurel, \V 40 by X 127:^.
$10.
Sara* to Gussie McH. Hunt (•wife of Charles
F > lot on N line of Clay street. l.i:S W of
Laurel. W 33 by N 127: Si»: $10.
Richard T>. McDonaM to A. P. Hotaling &
Co (a corporation), lot on N"W line of Mis- j
s'lo'n. street. 40 SW of Ninth, BW 40 by XW 95: j
: $10 :
Aupi'tns C. Widber to Pheb* M. Wldb«>r. lot
on E lin<* of Howard street, 75 S of Seventeenth. I
S X by E 100: $10.
Thomas r>laney to John Pius Murphy, lot on
S line of Golden Gate avenue. 175 :-: of Octavia :
'treet E 25 by ? 137:6: also lot on S line of
Golden Gate avenue. 197 W of Franklin street, '
W 25 by S 120; $10.
Solomon and Esther Levy to Merle E. Cam
pion (wife of Eugene), lot on S line of Geary
street 36 Wof Buchanan. W3O by B '•" . $10.
Harry H Holbr to John R. Phelps. lot on
E line of Cole street. 10) S of Oak, S 25 by E
106 3- $2>50. -\
I Man" Dohoney to Mary A.. Julia and William j
J Dohoney. lot on N line of Henry street, 105
Wof Sanchez. W 21 by . v -' 113: sift.
William and Mary Dohoney to William J.
Dohoney. lot on W line of Sanchez street. 13
N of Henry. N 23 by W 105: rift.
William J. and Annie Dohoney to William |
Dohoney. same; gift.
John Ellis to Thomas P. Ellis, lot on N line
of Ford street. 210 E of Xoe. E 25 by X 114;
George E. and Marsraret E. French to George
Rapp lot on S line of Liberty street. 225 E of ;
Castro. E 25 by - 114; $2400.
James C. and Sarah E. Harvey to Henry D. :
and James L. Hawka. lot on 8 line of 3fl-vara
' lot 155 distant «tf W of Powell street and 137 :S I
S of Clay. W 71:6 by N 19: $10.
M&1 - Piche to Saitie Piche, undivided i± of
lot on X line of Glover street. 91:« W of Jones.
TV 23 by N M: sift.
Creed Haymond to Pauline C. Bollard. lot
on XW line of Howard street. 213 NE from SW
lire of 100-vara lot 203, also 337 SW or Fifth.
NE 47 by XW 7?; $10.
Louisa Reed to John R. Phelps. lot on E line
of Fourth avenue. 225 X of Point Loboa avenue. !
N 23 by E 120; $2000. ;
Aaron Heringhl to J. H. Meredith, lot on W
line of First avenue, 560 3 fir m Government
Reservation. S to lands of Flood & Mackey.
W to lands formerly owned by Stephen M.
Tlbblts. X 0 degrees 15 minutes, to beginning.
quitclaim deed: $3. ■ . • -:
J. H. Meredith to Julia G. Ha- - lot on
SW corner of First avenue and Presidio Reser
vation. S 79:6. W 120. X 50, E 121: $10.
Harvey W. Lascelle to W. J. Conrad, lot 17.
block 17. Fairmount Tract; $1000.
Mary Brown to Patrick Hardimaa. lot 23,
block I. Holly Park Tract: $10i
Alameda County.
Clarissa F. Hamilton to Anson S. Blake
(tm«tee) lot ■- MB corner of Fifth and Peralta i
streets, XE 225.57. E 15. 53. S 114.30, W 35, S ICO, |
: tv 47.25 to beginning, betas lot 2 and S part ai
i lot 3 block 497-A. Bay View Homestead. Oak- ;
land' quitclaim deed: $10. , : -
\rtson S. Blake (trustee) to John Coyne, lot
on XE corner of Fifth and Peralta streets. X
104 25 E IS. S 100, W 47.25 to beginning, being ,
lot 2. block 437-A. Bay View Homestead, Oak
land: $10- _. .
* William J. and Virginia. R. Dln«ee to Edward
! T Letter, lot on XE corner of Tt!rty-s«venta,
k '
line of Fallon street 2o N or s.e\emn.
: i V;%l3^ Wwhi clot on B line of
land subject to a mortgage for $300. also 101
on W line of Oranpe street. l.» S of Joj?^ *
on by W 150. being lot 9. block SO. v»arner
Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10 Wood-
ISlipi
J'lfeS-vsi
Twenty-second avenue.?" ' \,,ir.-'aim deed'
51. San Anton'.-. Bast Oakland, quit' .aim neeu.
11 Andy L. Stone to Cornelius ONeill. lotoa
BW line of Sunnyslde street. 185 SE Orchard
avenue. BW 160 by SE 90. being lots 1» and
13. Marion Tract. Brooklyn Township. $W. :
Leah F. Mott to E. Heuerman. lot in line ;
of Bert. street. 190 Nof Santa Clara avenue.
N 50 E 77 •» SE 208:2 UO, N 00. W -w to oe
glnnW. being portion Fitch and Sharon Tract. ,
AThSm£ Father to Charles G. Hardy lot on i
NW corner of Filbert and Thlrteth streets
W 150 V 100 V. X N 25. E IK, B IZS to t»?m
nlngbeinzlots 20 to M. block 170. Glascock
TCharlel a G anHard^ o< to Thomas Prather. same.
&?StiritaS to William Jmug* *nA
William O. Henshaw. lot on SW corner uf
Thirty-seventh and West streets. B». W 10S.-1.
N «SST E 10?.25 to beginning, tx»ins lot 13.
block H. Major Given Tract^ Oakland:L^rr-ii |
William J. and Virginia R. Dlngee and WU
llam O. and Hetty T. Henshaw to Joseph E.
Greenwood, same. Oakland; $10.
Home Security Building; and Loan Associa
tion to George B. M Gray. lot on S line of
1 Thirtieth street. 100 F of Grove, B 48. E 40. N
51.41. W 4 10 to beginning; also lot on > line
of Lulu avenue. 416 E of Pan Pablo E SO. N
113 30 W 80, S 113.10 to beginning, being lots 25
and 26, block G. Parsons Golden Gate Tract.
Oakland, quitclaim deed; |10. I
Martin and Stella Strauss to F. V. an Slck
len. lot on x line of Central avenue ZOOiE of
Chestnut street. E 50 by X 207:6. being lot d.
block 7. lands adjacent to Enclnal, Alameda.
SlO.
Builders' Contracts.
Rev B. C. Redahan (owner* with Louis Cere
ghlno contractor), architects Shea & Shea: all
work for a 2-story frame building (halls) on
X side and adjoining the Church 01 St. Ptetroe
Paola on XE corner of Filbert and Dupor.t I
streets: $1870. _,_ _
Martin M Gleason (owner) with Thomas R.
Ra«*ett (contractor), architect M. J. Welch;
all work for alterations and additions to make
a 2-story frame building (2 flats* on W line
of San Carlos avenue (Jessie). 160 X of Elght
eenth street. X 2' by \V SO. M. B. 6?: $2500.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office located In the Merchants Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit ot
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordial Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Inc directions of the world are kept on hand i
J for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding |
i lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
I of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, Is hoisted
| about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
i noon. 12flth meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory. Mare Island, Cal.
A notice ting whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any. la published
in the morning- papers ,the following day.
W. 8. HUGHES..
Lieutenant. XT. S. X.. In charge.
SUN. MOON ANT TIDE.
f*""lted States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
... of the" Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
th» city front (Mission street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide ts the same at both places.
; , I
FRIDAY, MARCH 84. I
i
Sun rises 6:05
Mwn sets 4:25 a. m.
- [Time ITlmel ITime Time
= Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft. :
? L W JH W ! L W| H W
2* '.. S:SS 1 1? 9:46 4? 3:4S 1.0 10:28 5.3
25 ... 4:11 1.4 10:29 4.9 4:15 1.1 10:5s) 5.3
26 .. 4:46 1.0 11:10 4.9 4:47 1.3 11:15 5.5
27 ... 5:23' 0.5J 11:541 4.9 6:20 1.51 11:41 5.6
28 ... «:02! 0.2| _:4l| 4.S S:.V>! 1.9 1
V H XV] L W] H t -V IL Wi
23 ..! 0:111 5.7, 6:49, 0.0 1:311 4.7, 6:31: 2.2
SO ...\ 0:45! 5.7, 7:361 0.2; 2:30; 4.5! TOSj 2.6
NOTE— In the above expos I of the tides
I the early morning tide? are given in the left
i hand column and the successive tides of the
; day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
j second time column gives the second tide of
' the day, the third time column the th - tide
and the last or right hand column gives the '
... day, except where there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus siern — precedes the height.
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plan* of
i rP f er » nce is the mean of the lower low waters, j
TIME EA1.1..
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. X.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
March 23, 1559.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon • -day—
t. c., at noon of the 12Cth meridian, or at 8
; o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGHES.,
I Lieutenant. U. S. N".. in charge. j
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Sfsmer.
L.«elanaw Seattle 'Mir. 24
Walla Walla... | Victoria & Pujfet Sound: Mar. 24
Br'atnl ! Departure Bay iMar. 24
Townsend qullle River [Mar. 21
Co. W. Elder.. [Portland [Mar. 21
Santa Rosa fan Dieg-o Mar. ti
Doric China and Japan Mar 25
Ettrickdale iChlna and Japan Mar 23
Aloha Point Arena Mar. 25
Alliance Portland Mar 2*5
Chilkat Humboldt Mar. 21
Willamette Seattle Mar. IS
State of Cal iPortland Mar 25
North Fork,....!Huir.boldt Mar. 2*
Washtenaw....jTacoma jMar. 26
Coqullle River.] Grays Harbor j Mar. 27
Coos Bay Newport iMar.27
Australia I Honolulu j Mar. 28
Uma til la Victoria & Pu«?et Sound Mar 2- :
Pomona 'Humboldt Mar. 2^
Crescent City...; Crescent City (Mar. 2S '
Curacao iMexico Mar IS
Corona San Diego Mar 29 '
City of Sydney.! Panama IMar. T*
Wye Held . ! Nanaimo j Mar. 29
Point Arena 'Point Arena Mar. 30
Arcata [Coos Bay [Mar.' 30
Columbia i Portland IMar. 3l
Orizaba. 'Newport Mar. 31
Weeott ICoos Bay Apr. 1
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I
Destination. ;
Sails.
I Pier. I
Weeott Yaqnlna Bay Mar. 24, 5 prr. Pier 13
Columbia ..IPortland [Mar. 24. 10 am Pier 14
Pomona . .. jHumboldt Mar. 23, 2 pm;P!?r 9
Orizaba ....(Newport i Mar. 25. 9am!Fter U
China (China&JapanjMar. 25, 1 pmIPMSS
Pi. Arena 'Point Ar-na.. 'Mar. 25, 3 pm'Pier 3
Arcata. ''••""= Bay [Kar. 25. 4 pm'Fler 13
Chilkat ....'Humboldt (Mar. 27. Ipra-fierU
Walla -Wall! Vie & Pgrt Mar. 27. 10 am! Pier » !
Santa Rosa ! San Diego. . Mar. 27. 11 amllifr tl I
Colon Panama IMar. :«. 12 m'PMSS !
Oooa Bay. 'Newport Mar. 29. 9 am P Ik
State Cal...;P"rtlan'l |Mar.J9, 10 amirier S\
Aloha [Point Arena . IMar. 29. 3 pnvPler 2
Corona Ban Dteso. j Mar. 31. 11 am'Pter tl
SHIPPING I.VTELLIGEXCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, Mar- •'■ 13.
Strnr Greenwood, Fagerlund, 36 hours from
Cleone.
Stmr Orizaba, Hall. M hours from Newport
(S3, etc.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen. IS hours from
Mendocino.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons. 13 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr l>elanaw. Storrs, 4 days tram Seattle.
Stmr Walla Walla. Wallace. 65 boon Crcm
Victoria and Puset Sound ports.
Stmr Weeott, DimlHun, 74 hours from TCa
, quina Bay. etc.
Stmr Noyo. Johnson. 13 hours from Fort
i BragrF. ;
i Stittr Glp<?y, !>:an-*». 20 hours from Monterey.
S:hr Esther Buhne, Anderson. li days from
Kew Whatc<3tn.
Schr Sailor Boy. Peterson. M days from Ev
erett.
Schr Maggie C Russ, Hajrerut. 12 days from :
Grays Harbor.
Sohr Barbara Hernster. Jensen. TO hours from
I CoQUille River.
Schr Emma Utter. Allen. 13 days from Grays :
Harbor.
Schr ConSanxa, Jensen. II days from Coquille
! River.
1 Schr Monterey. Beck. 38 hours from Boweaa
j Landing. CLEARED.
CLEARET.
Thursday. March 23.
: Star Columbia. Green. Astoria: OR & X Co.
Stmr Orizaba, Hall. San Pedro; Goodall. Per- :
tins & Co.
Stan Czarina, Seaman. Seattle; '■"■ T Kruse.
Stmr Corona. Debney, San Dteso; Gocdalt,
j Perkins & Co.
Stmr Coata Rica, Russell. Champerlco: P M
i S 3 Co,
Bark Arcy Turner. War Land, Hilo; Welch i
I & Co.
t . *
SAILED.
Thursday, March 23
Stmr Alameda, Yon Oterendorp. Honolulu and
slnlr Brfn^ck^dre^L
Sr"*U?SSaJ Roberts. Fearon. Capo T , A
Vi^h t °rpSpeT n schroeder. Portland.
BCIH fr CHARTERS.
Transit .oad^n^^rHon^M.
N^e^r^ie IM?no;.lu,r.^a-
U Tames Kerr load- wheat at Tacoma for
Europe. 31s 3(1 MISCELLANEO US.
T/I..nnv March 22—Ger bark Callao. fronj
CateSP^En. to*• Weser. at Fayai. with crew
offering from ««^ RAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. March 23. I<J P m-Weath"
thick. »ma DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN PEDRO—Arrived March 22-Stmr Pa=a
den'.-i! rrom Eureka. T — tnw r™
Palled Mai - ' Lucy, n for Um^ua.
M'a?ch "3-*chr Sadie, for Umpjua.
SEATTLE-Arrived March B-Stmr r>,ra.
be COOS M BAY-Sailed March 22-Schr Guide. r r
S^r^f>U^h 23-Schr Gotama. hence Mar:,
l4 pORT GAMBLE— Arrived March 23— Shij)
Sh^nTlr-ali: from
BEND—Sailed March 25—Bar Au
r-'^la tut San Francisco. .
Vt ALL-\M BAY—In port Marcn 23—Bktn
\Vr'hwe«t from Olvmpla. for San Pedro.
PORT \NGELES Cn port Mar 23^Ship
cFo^lt the Seas, hence March 10
PORT TOWN SEN L'- Arrived March 23-Bari
V^ette. h-nce March 11: schr Repeat, from
H OLYMPIA-Salled March 23-Schr Endeavor.
fo? Tacoina- br% Courtney Ford, for Olympic
PaT^iTp March S-Schr Wawona from
Newport (S) for Port Blakeley: bark Levi Q
Bu?«tess hence March 14. for Tac ma
PORT LOS ANGELES-Satled March 23-
Haw nmr San Mateo. for Comox.
PORT LUPLOW-Sailed March 23-Br bark
£S£AYS' /^RioR-Arrived March «-St=,,
KKSl^^^il
h-r.ce March U Mar h - -
nllanld iU Ma^ - I<* McKay. :
F MONTEREY-Saile<i March 23-Stmr Ruth.
f°ErREKA"-A drrfved March 23-Stmr Cleon,.
h^STORIA-lalled March 23-Stmr AlUance.
for San Francisco. T^VT,_O
EASTERN PORTS.
NORFOLK-Cleared March 22-Shlp Cha!l-a-
v^pf-Arrived March 22-Stmr Fi
nance, from Ojg^ pORT? _
CARDlFF—Arrived March 22—Br ship Oack
mannanshire. from Oregon.
HONGKONG—Arrived March Haw strr.r
Az,,; hence Feb 13. Arrived pnor March .:-
Jap stmr America Maru. hence Feb 21; Br imi
uJi-ian K-re fr m San I
NEWCASTLE. SB* 5 ' ' ■
»h*ir> Benares for !Sl^Br Btmr
YOKOHAMA-Salled March 23-Br etrr.r Lea
ksm£%£&* March 22 - Ship , 3
gSlKsigS3?a -to* 22-Br shl,
oSrbre^. for Bristol ■
G MAZA.TLAN — Sailed March .2—Ger bar*
Planet for Havre; schr G-n Banning, for San
Hamburg vfl \rapulco and San Bias, ani
wuiTgo fo Guaymas °to load for British Colum-
W SANTA ROSALIA—To «a« Apr 2-Br -hip
Port Caledonia, for Taltal.
t March 1! Br ship H
tai March =-Bartt A 1" - for Br"""'
March C-Bark A r\i Set
Arriv»d March 3-Br ship Pass of Melford.
from Hambur?. Feb 25—Nor bark Skjold, from
Hamburg. March 10-Schr Compeer froia
Grays Harbor, and expects to sail for tan
Mar Island March Ti.
GUATMA3—Arrived March 20-Stmr Cura-
Cao; sails at 6 d m same day for «a Fran-
Cisco. _^________^___
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
Steamers leave Broadway
<^j^ wharf, yan Francisco:
|=g^3*^ For Alaskan P-3r«. 10 a. ~ .
£^\s^ change at Seattle.
S^^SS^t For Victoria- x ~-'\ --y°"_ ■"
f*-^l&tistt![ Tacoma, Everett, Ar.acor-.-a
an(^ New Whatcom IWUB.I,
■*• 10 a. m., Mar. 12. IT. S.
27: Apr. 1. and every fifth day thereafter:
change tt Seattle to this company's stearr.er*
for Alaska and O. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N-
P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ey
F-->r Eureka (Humboldt Bay) 2 p. ro.. Mar
10. 15. 20. 2a. 30; Apr. i and every fifth da?
thereafter.
For Santa. Crux. Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispd.
Gaviota. Ear.ta Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Ansre!<»?> ar.l
Newport. 3 a. m.. Mar. ?. 13. IT. 21. 23. 23; Acr.
2. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San D!e»>. stopping only at P'rt Har-
ford (San Luis Obispot. Sar.ta Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo <Lo« Anffeles). 11 a.
m.. Mar. 11. 15, 13. 23. 27, 31; Apr. 4. ar.d every
fourth day thereafter.
Fcr Ensenada. M fdalena Bay. San . -" Oel
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa R??a!'.*
and Guaymas O'ex.). 10 a. m.. seventh of each
month.
For further information nbtain folder.
The company reserves t!i» ri?ht tn chan^'i
without previous notice steamers. saiUr.s dates
an^ bo-irs of salHne.
TICKET OFFICE-* New Montgomery
street (Palace Hot(
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen. .<!"'
10 Market St.. San Francises.
THE 0. R. & N. GO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
from Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC $12 First Claii lnciadfne Bertht
InnL 58 Second Claa* and Meats.
Cclumbla sails March 14, 24: April 1. U, 21
State of California galls March 19, 29: April
8. 15. K.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butt*.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. Genera] Agent.
«30 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.
Superintendent.
AMERICAN LINE.
ITEW 70HK, SOUTHAMPTON. UHTMK, PARIS.
From New York Every Wednesday. 15 a. m.
St. Paul February 22 St. Paul March 15
St Louts March 1 St. Louis March -1
RED STAR LI>E.
>'{» Vorlc and )ntwm.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Kensington Feb k 151 Southwark March 3
Noordland Feb'v 22 Westemland. .March 15
Friesland March 1 Kens!njsrtcn....March 23
EMHiRt Ll>E.
Seattle. «it. Michael. Dawson City.
Fit full information resardins fruisht and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St.. or any of its a^encies^
COMPA3NIB eKNS&ALS TKASSATtANTIQUE.
DIRK LINK t.> H.WKE-I'ARIS.
■vJj T^»
Morton »V bA XOKM.WPIK, April 1: LA
Oh'vMPONE, April S: LA HKKTAONE. April
\\- L\ TOURAIXE, April 22. LA QABCOGNE.
Xr.ril 2S. Flrst-oluss to Havre. $65 and up-
ward, 5 per cent reduction on round trip. Sec-
on<s class to Havre. H\ 10 i>er c*»nt reduction
pound trip. GKXKRVL AGENCY FOR
VNITEL* f?TAT)JS AXV OANAIVV, 3 Bowltns
Or.?on, KewJ Y.;rk. .7. F. FUCAZI vt CO.; Pa-
cific Coast A^ts.. 5 Montgomery aye.. S. F^
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
uar First anj Bran.'ian streets. I p. m.. for
YOKOHAMA ana UONGKONU. oatttßg at
Kobe (Hiogo), Xa^a»aki arxi Shanshal, and
courier tin# at Hojigkong With iteamers for
India, etc. No caryo received on bcarfl on day
of sailing-.
HO-XOKON>.> MARU Friday. March 17
NIPPON MAY.V Wednesday. April 12
AMERICA MARY Saturday. May S
Kvuud-trti. tickets at reduced rates. For
freisht and passage apply at company's ofnoe.
421 Market street, corner First.
\V. B. CVRTIS. General Agent. _
f3 -fm mm ajajl The 9 5- Australia
"3 rJ§i SB S'a 3 V 9alls ''"r Honolulu
•g^"* 41**** Wednesday. April 5,
3 ij at 2p. m.
rSwniSninv sana vfa Honolulu
G^» lUill X and Auckland. for
(o{nß<?l7y* Sydney Wednesday.
\wi»f/v.n.q Apr), xx at M
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia. India, Sues,
England, etc.: $610 first class. . . :,
J. 0. SPRECKELS a BROS.CO.. Agts.. l! 4 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St Freight (Mice. 327 Mar it ;c St.
BAT AND BIVES STEAMERS.
FOB 0. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALIEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
Mon.. Tues,. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat., at 3:45 a.
m... 3:13. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. ni^fct); Fridays
1 p. m. and S:30; Sundays 10:30 a. tu., S p. m.
Landing and office. Mlsslon-at. Dock. Pier No.
2. TeleDhone Main ISC*.
FARE MBJACK AT SEA
WILL BE FED
ON LUXURIES
Effect of a New Scale
of Provisions.
GiVES A FAT BILL OF FARE
SAILORS ON MERCHANTMEN
NOW IN CLOVER.
Sloop-of-War Thetis to Be Got Ready
for the Bering Sea Patrol.
Battle Ship lowa at tha
Union Iron Works.
A. TVs (able bodied seamen) on all
.-_• new s< i
ti the
Amer ming Into port
with s
Under the old law each sailor was al- '
lowed, in addition to the daily allowance
of lime juice an<i sugar, one pound of '
bread, one-eighth ounce of tea, one-half |
ounce of ceffe-e, two ounces of sugar and j
three quarts of water daily. Besides these I
he was allowed on Sunday one and one
half pounds of beef and one-~alf pound j
of flour; on Monday one and one-fourth [
pounds of pork and one-eighth of a pint j
of peas extra, the extras on Wednesday
being the same as on Sunday, and the
extras on Thursday being the same as on
Monday, and so on throughout the voy
age.
One ounce of coffee or cocoa or choco
late might be substituted for one-quarter j
ounce of tea; inoiasses for sugar, the j
quantity to be one-half more; one pound j
of potatoes or yams, one-: pound flour
or rice, one-third pint of pea 3or one
quarter pint of barley might be substi
tuted for each other.
When fresh meat was issued the pro
portion was to be two pounds per man.
per day, in lieu of Fait meat. j
Flour, rice and peas, beef and park., j
might be substituted ror wen otnvr, and |
for potatoes onions might be substituted, j
Under the new law, which went into !
effect a few weeks ago, each A. B. gets ,
four quarts of water, one-half pound or |
biscuit, one and one-half pounds fresh
bread, one pound potatoes or yams, i
three-fourths ounce coffee, one-eighth i
ounce tea, three ounces sugar, one ounce
lard and one ounce butter daily. On (
Monday he gets one pound sait pork, ,
one-third pint beans, one-third -pint nee, |
ont-fourth pint pickles extra. On Tues- |
day one and one-fourth pounds salt beef,
one-half pound flour, one-third pint peas
one-half pint molasses, three ounces dried
fruit and one-half pint vinegar «:-xtra. On .
Wednesday one pound salt pork and one j
pound canned meat, onerthlrd pint beans, j
one-fourth pint pickles extra. on Thurs- ,
day the same as on Tuesday, omyjai.ii
gets no peas or vinegar, but instead gets \
four ounces corn meal and four ounces
onians extra. On Friday the extra i ra- ;
tions are the same as on A\ ednesdav . .
only the beans are omitted and one-nail
pound canned tomatoes and one-third
pint jxas are served out. On Saturday
Jack gets the same extras a-s on ihurb
dav, save that he gets neither cornmtal.
d-ied fruit, molasses nor flour, but in
stead receives une-half pint vinegar and j
o-e-third pint rice. On Sunday che extras j
corset of one-half pound rlour. one pound .
canned meat, one-half pound canned to- i
rnatoes one-ha f pint molasses, thrte ,
"mce-s-dr 0 ! 1^ fruit P four ouncesJcorWeal •
iS^SI^tiSS S^SuS
tard^lepper and Bait for seasoning.
an ounce of tea for three-fourths of an
ounce of coffee; three fourths of an ounce
of cpff% for one-eighth of an ounce of
tkfiSx ounces of canned fruit for three
ounces of dried fruit; one : half ounce of
limY Juice for the daily ration of vinegar;
four ounces of oatmeal or cracked wneat j
for onA-half Pint of com meal; two ounces ,
of pick] onions for four ounces of fresh
In the vessel is In port and it is pos- j
■ ■ obtain the same, me and one-half j
H£9 sss& ,r one ration of
naif pound of fresh fruit for one ration of r
dried fruit. Fresh fruit and vegeables
ehail be served while in port if obtainable. I
The seamen shall have tho option of . a . c ' |
ceptingf the fare the master may Provide. ,
■ but the right at any time to demand the ■
loregning scale of provisions.
From a comparison of the two scales |
of provisions it. will be seen what a vast
change Uncle Sam has made in favor of
the bailor. The scale has to be Inserted |
In every article of agreement and a copy j
has to be posted in the galley and the .
forecast so there is no fear but what i
"Poor Jack" will know what is coming to ,
him. The only craft exempt from the
new" law axe fishing or whaling vessels or ,
Reinsurance on the British ship Do
minion now out 66 days from Haw for
Puget Sound, Jumped to 75 per cent yes- ;
Captain W. G. Leale. C. H. S. Pratt and j
R. 8 Alexander, the newly appointed Pi- i
lot Commissioners, took the path of office,
yesterday They will probably relieve the j
bid Commissioners next week.
The eloop-of-war Thetis Is to be over- j
hauled here. Yesterday a berth was se- j
cured for her and in a day or so she will |
eorne down from Mare Island and the j
repair work will begin. It Is expected ;
that it will take a month to get the war- }
fhip ready for pea. She will follow the ;
sealers into the Arctic,
The battle-ship Icwa went to the union
Iron Works yesterday, and the work of
overhauling her will begin at once. <
SMTJGGLING THAT FAILED.
Undersized Striped Bass Shipped in
Macaroni Boxes.
During the last two days there have
been a suspiclouly large number of mac
aror.i boxes shipped from the railroad
stations along the Contra Costa Bay
shores to commission houses in this city.
In every instance the boxes were nailed
tightly. At the same time there was a
corresponding falling off in the shipment
of the common fish boxes. Deputy Fish
Commissioner John Davis made an inves
tigation and found that the macaroni
box<_-3 contained striped bass of the pro
hibited sizes, under three pounds In
weight. The reason for shipping the fish
in thes* packages was to avoid having
them seized by the State officers, who
have been confiscating these small flsh
for the past two weeks.
Sine 0 the present storm has been on the
deep-sea fishers have been unable to sup
r'y the Ban Francisco and Oakland mar
kets and the scarcity has amounted to al
most a fish famine. The up-river fisher
men have taken advantage of this state
of affairs, and as the striped bass of the
Final! order has been the easiest to catch
and bring the best prices, they have done
all In their power to smuggle their
catches Into town. When to their disgust
they found that nearly ail of the bass
sent in had been seized by the deputies
of the Fish Commission other means of
getting their goods to market were re
eorted to and the Innocent looking mac
aroni boxes, of which the foreign-born
fishermen seem to have large numbers,
were tried. ~T :
A number of these were seized yester
day by Deputy Davis and the fish sent
to "several of the charitable institutions
in this city.
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Btiih and Larkln «ts. Swimming. Ru«»l*n. hot
•Ad cold tub batha. water direct from ocean.
CONTRACTORS
OBJECT TO A
PROPOSED LAW
Would Retard Build
ing Operations.
PROVISIONS NOT FEASIBLE
INTENDED TO PREVENT OB
STRUCTION OF STREETS,
Supervisors Defer Action for One
Month to Permit Consultation
Between Merchants' Asso
ciation and Builders.
Representatives of the various building ,
associations of this city entered vigorous .
protest at a meeting of the Street Com
mittee of the Supervisors yesterday
against the proposed ordinance prohibit- |
ing them from placing material on the j
street or sidewalk near where a build- j
ing is In course of erection or repair, .
They took no middle ground in their ar
guments. They simply said it would
stop the erection of buildings or would ;
add to the price of the work.
President S. 11. Kent of the Builders'
Exchange was the first to protest against
the proposed legislation. He said the
ordinance was unnecessary, as those al
ready on the books covered all the vital
->olnts of the new law. If enforced by j
the police, who are charged with that
duty, they would relieve pedestrians of
the inconveniences to which they are at i
present subjected. He, in common with j
cither speakers, said the merchants of ■
the city were greater offenders in the !
occupancy of streets and sidewalks than j
are the builders. Goods are received and
delivered in large quantities in the busi
ness portion of the city, blocking the
Regarding the mixing of mortar, which
the new law would prohibit on the pub
lic streets, Mr. Wilson, a brickmason,
«aid it must be mixed where used owing i
to its ingredients. He said to frame j
such a law would be simply to put a stop i
to the erection of brick buildings He ,
was followed by Mr. Foley of the Build
ers' Association. He said it would work
a hardship on both property owner and
builders alike, although the additional ex- I
ponse entailed would fall on the former. j
The board, he thought, should permit a
reasonable use of the street. It was im- \
possible to work with brick and mortar
on the same lot in which a building is in
course of erection.
Mr. King, representing the Merchants
Association, said that body had studied
the ordinance and favored it. The evils
exist fid must be remedied, he said. He |
also said more complaints were lodged
with the Merchants' Association about |
obstructions at new buildings than on
any other matter.
It was finally decided to postpone ac
tion for one month. In the meantime
representatives of the Merchants' Asso- ;
ciation will confer with the builders and
some legislation will be suggested.
MRS. VANCE'S DEATH
DECLARED ACCIDENTAL
SO QUICKLY DECIDED THE COR
ONER'S JURY.
Chloroform Had Been Habitually
Used by the Woman for Severe
Attacks of Neuralgia.
The Coroner's jury in the case of Mrs.
Gratia Vance, who was found dead at
her rt " lesday afternoon, decided
rday that she died from the effect
of chloroform poisoning, the fumes of
the drug having been Inhaled for a vio-
lent attack of neuralgia,
Mrs. Vance had returned home from
her place of employment at Caswell's
millinery store on Post street, complain
ing of suffering with headache and feel
ing very ill. She entered her room and
iocked "the door, and that was the last
time she was seen alive. An hour or so
afterward her husband, Ira Vance, ar
rived from down town and asked for his
wife. A young lady lodger, on attempt
ing to enter the room, detected the odor
of chloroform; Vance broke the lock and
found his wife lying on the bed her face
downward resting on a chloroform-sat
urated piece of cloth In a small bowl.
She was quite dead, though Dr. Easton,
who was called, labored for an hour try
ing to restore her to consciousness.
Her fair, girlish face was marred and
badly blistered by the strong drug, other
wise she lay in a natural, graceful pos
tU A 6 Vr°Tance testified that
his wife- was a great sufferer from neu
ralgia and was in the habit of inhaling
chloroform for relief. He knew no rea
son why she would commit suicide and
was positive that her death was acci
de Dr aI Zabala. who made an autopsy on
the body testified that the organs were
ln i* a^a^^S facts, the
jury brought in a verdict of accidental
poisoning. _
NOT A BAD FAII/URE.
San Luis Obispo Bank Troubles Not
So Serious.
gHtel .. ■>■ n General Sturtevant
Luis Obispo to
begin : " :i: '^ s ln the case
of the defunct County- Bank of that city.
In preparing' the complaint he has gone
carefully over the fibres of the assets
f the institution and finds
that It will not b« a very bad failure after
all. At the present time the shortage
amounts to about $87,000 and the deposi
tors will not lose a cent. The lose will
fall upon the shareholders and even at the
pre°ent showing they will be able to real
ize about 50 cents or. the dollar. Had the
season been dry, as it was at the time of
the closing of the doors of the bank, the
ould have much greater.
If the season and financial situation con
tinue to improv< ■ :es now ln
- to the stockholders will
ami it is in the line of
possibility that they may come out even
after ail." A Bt report to
Bank Commissioners the County
Bank owns about (361,000 worth of lands
of the county. • of that upon
which the bank bulliding stand?, which Is
d lit 117,000. Moreover, there was
10 on hand in cash when the bank
closed. With this amount of cash on
■_nd so much land that Is sure to ln
th" loss will no doubt
shrink to a very small amount and all
parties come out in fair shape.
The Original Little Beneficencla Public*
Company of San FrancWco, Drawing
March 23. 1899.
No. 40.469 wins $375'), sold In San Francisco,
Cal : No. 25.003 wins $1250. Bold In San Fran
cisco. Cal.; No. 65.472 wins 1825. sold in San
Francisco Cat; No*. 21. m, 24.465, 31.403. 51.748
and C2.GS2 each wine JC2 SO. Eold in San Fran
cisco. Cal. Prizes cached at 35 New Montgom
ery street. Baa FranelEeo. Dal. •
New Mining Company.
Articles of incorporation of the Dirigo
Consolidated Mining Company were filed
yesterday. The capital stock of the cor
poration is $1,000,000^ of which $150,020 has
been subscribed. Tho directors are: M.
M Treat, C. M. Cross, George R. Tuttle,
L F. Tuttle and Henry Newburgh.
A character study of John Bur
roughs, the great American writer of
nature, in his cabin home, in next
Sunday's CaLL
THE BAH ■FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, .MARCH 24, 1899.
FORTUNE LOST AND
FOUND IN A DAY
| Ten Thousand Dollars !
4. Picked Up on tUe -
5 Street. \
Jt ripo lose a fortune in the morn- '
X I ing and have it returned in the .
Q I evening was the experience of
-♦- Wilson Garret Browne.
© To find a fortune in the morning <
♦• and to give It up In the evening
© was the experience of Dana H. <
+■ Thomas. j
O Browne, the middle-aged English
+ man who went through the excit- <
© ing day of hopes and fears, from
♦• affluence to poverty and back again <
in the short space of five and a half
hours, arrived in San Francisco
"Wednesday morning, and snugly re
posing In his inside pocket was a
wallet containing $5000 in negotia
ble bonds of the United States and
{•HOO in good round treasury not* B.
Browne, like many other foreigners,
had more confidence in the cloth of
his coat pocket than in American
banks and made a temporary safe
deposit of his overcoat while he
was negotiating for a California
ranch. And it was that o'erweening
confidence that came near turning
Browne adrift in the world with but
a few pennies in his clothes.
On his arrival Browne went to the
Postofflce for his mail and as he
stood at the window of the general
delivery department he felt his
pocket and found that its contents
were intact. Some minutes later,
when he arrived at Sansome and
Market streets, he discovered that
his safety vault was empty.
Searching the Btreets wax of no
avail and then he bethought him
GAMAGE CHARGED
WITH THE DEATH
OF J. R. JONES
Drove at a Reckless
Rate of Speed.
NO WARNING TO HIS VICTIM
ONCE BEFORE STOPPED TOR
FAST DRIVING.
His Horse Was Driven So Rapidly
That the Spectators Thought
It Was Running Away.
The Verdict.
■♦*;♦•;♦?;♦ ?«♦ 82 ♦ 82 ♦ 82 ♦?3+?»*!i+;s B
25 And we further find that ;•
♦ said J. R. Jones came to his * 9
»* death from being run over by ♦
$, a horse and buggy driven by **
♦ one Jules C. Gamage, and we g
hereby charge said J. C. Gam- ♦
•* age with involuntary man- *-
s slaughter. %
1 " ♦
THE foregoing verdict was' rendered
by a Coroner's Jury yesterday morn
ing and was approved by the Coroner,
At the time that old man Jones
died in the City Receiving Hospital it was
not known who the persons were who
had run over the deceased, and the de
tectives who had been detailed by the
Chief of Police to investigate the case
were informed exclusviely by The Call
last Wednesday morning that Jules C.
Gamage was the driver and that A. W.
Brown and W. B. Jennings, race track
habitues, were his companions.
The testimony taken yesterday before
the Coroner showed that Gamage "ifas
driving at a rate of speed so reckless that
the impression was made upon the minds
of the spectators that the horse was run
ning away. Carnage's friend Brown
swore that the animal was going "right
along," and that "right along" meant not
faster than five or six miles an hour. He
had driven the horse often and had found
him to be a very gentle animal, but at C
o'clock, when bound for the stable, the
horse was very anxious to gut home, and
it was very difficult to hold him in.
Jones stepped oft the curb Into the street
as they were approaching, and he start
ed to turn back, but Instead of doing so
he suddenly stepped forward and was
struck by the horse or the shaft, was
knocked down violently and the two
wheels on the right side of the buggy
passed over his chest. Gamage tried to
stop the horse, but could not do so until
he had gone about lifty yards, when
Brown and Jennings got out of the buggy
and Qamage drove back to the scene uf
Carnage testified that Jones stepped off
the curb and in front of the buggy wh.n
the horse's breast was not more than two
feet from him. After Jones fell the horse
jumped over him and the wheels passed
over the prostrate man. When Gamage
returned to the scene of the accident he
was denounced by Dr. Damkro^ger as the
perpetrator of an outrage. Gamage of
fered to surrender himself to a police
man but there was no policeman in
Bight He waited until the patrol wapon
took the injured man, and then he left
*Hn scene.
"Were you ever arrested for fast driv
ing?" asked Coroner Hill. ."■ ■/£ ■■.':";; y^r--
Gamage replied in the negative,, but
added that a policeman once caught his
horse by the bridle and tried to stop him,
and he cursed him. The policeman there
upon arrested him on a charge or using
vulgar language.
Lester H. Jacobs, a lawyer residing at
111 A Octavia street, testified that Just be
fore Jones was run down he was at t.he
intersection of Grant avenue and Market
street with O. K. Murray, and had just
stepped off the curb when he was pulled
back violently by McMurray just in time
to avoid being run over by the horse
driven by Gamage. The buggy proceed
ed on Its way up O'Farrell street within
a foot of the curb and ran over the de
ceased, who had just stepped off the side
walk. Neither Gamage nor any of his
companions gave any warning to the wit
ness when they almost run over him.
Alfred L. Black, another attomey-at
law was riding on the dummy of a street
car and saw the horse and buggy ap
jmuiiihlßa. Thst animal was xoirue SO fast
of the power of the press and In
serted an advertisement reading as
follows:
LOST— To-day on Montgomery St.,
pocket-book containing $9600. Re
ceive large reward by returning: to
WILSON GARRET BROWNE, Hobson
House, Kearny st., near California.
There was nothing for Brown© to
do but remain in his room in a state
of collapse, listening anxiously for
the tap of the bellboy who might
come with the glad tidings of re
covery of the fortune.
Just as the hands of the clock ap
proached the hour of 5:30 the boy
came, and following closely upon his
heels was Dana H. Thomas, a young
mining expert who has lately re
turned from Alaska, and in whose
hands was the lost pocketbook.
Mr. Browne's gratitude was
shown by his prompt offer of $500
to the finder of his wealth, but his
munificence was politely declined by
Thomas, who refused to accept any
thing, saying that he did not think
a man should accept pay for being
honest.
! that Black thought It was running away.
- stepped off the curb apparently to ;
j board the street car. but was knocked
! senseless to the pavement and two wheels ;
of the busrey passed over him.
Nathaniel Boaz. stock and bond broker, ,
; testified that jones was almost uand. He I
was T>> years 01^ and he could barely .
j distinguish objects a few feet away.
Thomas D. Rlorclan appeared as coun- ;
i eel for damage. His client has been |
| charged by the police with manslaughter, i
NINTH INFANTRY HERE.
One-Half of the Regiment Will Be
Temporarily at the Presidio.
The remaining- eight companies of the
Ninth Infantry reached here vest
morning from Madison Barrarks, New
York. One-half of the regiment yester- !
day went ahoard the City of Puebla and
will probably sail for Manila to-day. The
remainder of the regiment is temporarily ■
quartered at the Presidio and Angel Is- \
land. Four companies are at the former |
post and two at the latter. These com- i
panics will be here only a few days and i
will shortly take passage on the Zea- '
landla f«r the Philippines. The Ninth
was originally slated for the Presidio to
do garrison duty here, but because of its
honorable record In Cuba the War De- j
partment derided that it could be used to
a better advantage In fighting the Fill- I
pinos.
Major General Shafter returned from
Bakersfleld yesterday and spent the |
greater part of the day ;it department,
headiiuartt-rs attending to routine bust- '
He said that the board of officers \
who are to conduct the examinations of j
the candidates for second lieutenant's !
commissions will meet at the Presidio on |
April 2. The candidates who will come !
before the board are those recently ap- |
pointed under the army reorganization |
bill. Among those who are to be ex- j
amined are: Howard Avery of this city, !
M. < '. Wilkinson of Los Angeles, a son j
of Major Wilkinson. U. S. A., who was j
killed in the right with the Indians at
Walker. Minn., last summer, and a boo
of Captain E. W. Robinson, who was at
one time stationed here in connection
with the quartermaster's department.
General Shafter yesterday issued an or
der Instructing the quartermaster's de
partment to furnish first-class accom
modations to Lieutenant Fern;
military attache to the Italian Embassy,
who goes to the Philippines on the City of
Puebla as the representative of his cuun
try.
A MOTHER'S LAST RESORT.
Mrs. Anna Freudenberg Has Her
Daughter Arrested on a Charge
of Vagrancy.
Mrs. Anna Freudenberg, 722 Valencia
street, swore to complaints in Judge Gra
ham's court yesterday for the arrest of
her daughter Martha and Martha's lover,
Fred Hovey, an Itinerant tea peddler, on
the charge of vagrancy. They were later
released on their own recognizance by
Judge Conlan.
A 1.. .lit a week ago Martha obtained a
search warrant for the recovery from
her mother of her clothing and other per
sonal effects, as she wanted to get mar
ried to Hovey against the wishes of her
parents. Nothing more was heard of the
search warrant case, as Mrs. Freuden
berg had nothing to surrender on the
warrant.
Instead of getting married. Martha and
her lover have been living in the Fulton
House on Larkin street, and Mrs. Freud
enberg determined that Hovey should
either marry her or break off his asso
ciatlon with her, hence the vagrancy
warrants. Mrs. Freudenberg alleges
that her daughter is compelled by fear
to remain with Hovey, but the girl says
she loves him and will not leave him.
They will appear before Judge Grahara
this morning.
Lenten Episcopal Service.
The thirty minutos' religious service at
the Chamber of Commerce for the benefit
of merchants and others who cannot
spare the time to visit a church was well
attended yesterday. Scriptural reading
and hymn singing with prayer formed a
part of the service, after which Rev. Ed
gar J. Lion, rector of St. Stephen's
Church, delivered a short discourse on
"Membership in Christ." the blessings
and privileges accorded to those who be
come life members of Christ's kingdom
on earth.
The services will be continued to-day
and to-morrow at the noon hour. Rev.
T. J. Lacey, D. D., of Christ's Church, Al
a meda, will speak at to-day's service.
Th« Purest Beer
Ib the kinfl you want for use In your horn*.
The Anheuser-Busrh Rrpwlngr Association
make their various brands of beer of barley
malt and hops— etrictly pure beer, no corn or
adulteration.
Mrs. Herman's Woes.
Mrs. Martha Herman of 3709 Broderlck
street filed suit yesterday for divorce
from her husband, Albert R. Herman,
proprietor of the Harbor View Baths, al
leging cruelty as a cause of action. Nu
merous acts of cruelty on the part of the
defendant are charged. In the action
Rudolph Herman, father of the defend
ant. Is joined for the purpose of determin
ing plaintiff's rights to property at
Baker and Tonquln streets, valued at
aboux £3(LOOQ.
INTERESTING
DEVELOPMENTS
IN NEALL CASE
Colonel Compton's
Strange Proposal.
ASKED FOR A RESIGNATION
ALSO DEMURRED TO RECEIVING
MONEY FOR SHORTAGE.
The Charges Have Been Preferred
and the Lieutenant Will Have
to Stand Trial for Two
Distinct Offenses.
Sine? the return of Lieutenant Neall to
the Presidio on Saturday last there have
been some interesting developments in the
case not generally known which tend to
show that Colonel Compton, whatever he
may do in the matter, is apparently be
ing actuated by some inexplicable motive.
It will be remembered that Lieutenant
Neall returned to the Presidio to stand
his trial for absence without leave and to
take the consequences. This was entirely
voluntary upon hi 3 part. The first thing
that he did on reporting to Colonel Comp
ton was to make good his shortage by
turning over the money. He was then
placed under arrest by Colonel Compton
and ordered to his quarters.
The following story, which was heard
at the Presidio yesterday, is interesting
and is confirmed by reliable sources.
Lieutenant Neall refused, however, to say
a word, while Colonel Compton's explana
tion could not be obtained, he having left
on Wednesday night on the Alameda for
Honolulu.
Early this week Colonel Compton sent
for Lieutenant Neall, so it is reported,
and read to him the charges which he
had preferred against him. The charges
specified that Lieutenant Neall had been
absent without leave and that he had
failed to make a proper account for funds
In his possession. Colonel Compton then
offered to Lieutenant Neall the prr
of tendering his resignation, and c
that he would forward it to the depart
ment commander with the charges he had
-r.-.i. So urgent was Colonel lomp-
\ nn a] matter of Lieutenant Neall
resigning that he even gave him a da>
fr," which to think over his position and
the understanding was that f the officer
re«ienf-l and his resignation was ac
cepted he would not be brought into court
to answer the charges preferred against
lieutenant Neall refused to tender his
relation He came back to stand his
nation He came back to stand his
trtif and he steadfastly adheres to his
P T r hi^ e however. is not all that is inter
esting n the case. When Lieutenant
Neall first reported to Colonel Compton
last Sunday morning and desired to turn
over the money to make good his short
age Colonel Compton most emphatically
demurred to his request. He did not de
sire the officer to turn over the money or
to receive it. Lieutenant Neall, however
insisted on makins his shortage good and
Colonel in the case. forced Lieutenant
all first reported to C impton
t Sunday morning and desired to turn
»r the money to make (food hia short
nel Compton most empnatn aly
••: rri 6 t" hia request. He did i
c the officer to turn over the money >>r
receive it Lieutenant Neall, however,
isted on mak >rta«e good, and
•mpton was forced to send for
the proper officers, to whom the money
was paid and from whom receipts for
the same were taken. Again, Colonel
Compton took care to impress upon Lieu
tenant Neall the fact that, although he
had made his shortage good, he need hope
for no leniency in the matter of charges
being preferred as far as they would be
relative to his failure to properly account
for public funds in his possession.
These facts are generally known and
are being quietly discussed at the Pre
sidio. Every one Is anxious to know ex
actly what Colonel Compton would like
to accomplish the case. It is the Pre
o. Every one is anxious to know ex
y what Colonel Compton would like
lccomplish in the case. It is thought
he would like to force Lieutenant Xeall
! from the service. General Shatter said
yesterday that he had not received the
I charges. He is dally expecting them, and
i in all probability they will be laid before
! him to-day. ___'. ■
OLD SCHOOL BOARD
STILL UriDER FIRE
GRAND JURY HEARS WEBSTER'S
TESTIMONY.
Searching for Facts That Will Justify
j. Lengthy and Detailed
Investigation.
Superintendent of Schools R. V. Web
ster was before the Grand Jury yesterday
i afternoon for two hours for the purpose
of providing such enlightenment as he
' could regarding the misdeeds of the old
' School Board. The investigation insti
tuted by the last Grand Jury was gone
over in detail so far as the facts are
known to Mr. Webster, particularly with
reference to the deficit in the school fund
created by the old board. Mr. Webster
! told what he knew about the supplies pur
chased by the former board and about
which there has been so much scandal
during the past few months. Some of
I these supplies had been purchased on
requisitions and others were bought and
raid for without this necessary formality.
I In reference to certain demands which
I he refused to sign last November Super
intendent Webster said that h«» acted as
he did because he believed the board had
no right nor the power to make expendit
ures beyond the provisions of th? one-
I twelfth act. This was particularly appli
cable in this case, said he, for the reason
that there was at the time not enough
money in the school fund to pay the sal-
I ary of teachers.
Up to this time the investigation by the
t present Grand Jury Into the affairs of the
' School Department has been general in
its nature, the object being to ascertain
if enough facts are obtainable to justify
an extended and detailed investigation.
The Grand Jury is investigating the
] case of H. Miller, an artist who claims to
1 have been robbed in the poker rooms of
I the Cafe Royal about four weeks ago.
! Miller was playing cards at the time the :
, alleged troublearose and there was some ;
' dispute over B pot containing $34. Miller
led the pot an.l took it. The other
rs objected and called in the man
of the place. Al Hornlein. Miller
c aims that Hornlein called In Special Po
liceman Shields, who held him while
Kornlein went through his pockets and
took all the money they contained, a sum
which, with the disputed pot money,
amounted to $44.
Miller caused the arrest of Hornlein and
Shields, but the charges against them
were dismissed in the Police Court. He is
now asking the Grand Jury to indict the
men.
Mrs. Chesterton's Will.
The will of Mrs. Frances B. Chesterton,
who died February IS, was filed for pro
bate yesterday. Decedent's estate consists
of an interest In the estate of her de
ceased grandfather. John Browning, who
d'ed in Manchester. England, in 1545.
valued at aout $30,000. In the will Mrs.
Chesterton bequeaths one-half of her es
tate to her daughter. Mrs. Letitia Healey.
of Toronto. Canada, and one-half to her
"friend and attorney," L. E. Phillips, of
this city.
Struck by a Car.
William H. McDonald has sued the Mar
ket-street Railway Company to recover
00,736 damages for personal Injuries.
Plaintiff was struck and severely Injured
lr- one of defendant's cars at Ellis and
Mason streets on October 6, Q
Daniel T. Ames, the most famous
handwriting expert in America, tells
how he detects forged signatures, in
next Sunday's Call.
NO CLEW TO
SCHROEDER'S
ASSAILANT
Police Are So Far in
the Dark.
VICTIM CANNOT HELP THEM
HE WAS TOO DRUNK TO RE
MEMBER ANYTHING.
The Wound Not So Serious as at First
Anticipated and He Will Soon
Come Around All Righ.*
Again.
Thr police kept up a diligent search y-s
--tf-rday for the man who stabbed Martin
Schroeder, the ex-convict, somewhere in
the neighborhood of Ninth and H<
streets Wednesday night, but were un
able to pet the slightest clew. Detectives
Crockett and Dillon were specially de
tailed on the case but could not get any
information to work upon.
Schroeder was very drunk Wednesday i
night. He had been drinking all day |
around the water front and spent con- '
siderable time in William Molloy's saloon, j
He went there to pay Molloy $1 50 he was j
owing him. When Molloy closed up his I
saloon, between 6 and 7 o'clock, Schroeder
and he went to Silk's saloon, corner of
Lafayette and Howard streets, but Molloy j
only remained a few minutes and left
Schroeder there. Schroeder was so drunk
that Silk refused to give, him any liquor.
Schroeder left the saloon and thought
he had gone two or three blocks and he
thinks that while crossing a street and
trying to keep out of the mud he had
stumbled against a man who stabbed him.
lie remembers receiving a blow on the
chest, but did not know that he had been
stubbed. He could not give any descrip
tion of the man as he was too drunk and
it was too dark.
Notwithstanding Schroedcr's statement
the detectives are inclined to believe that
he knows thf- man who stabbed him and
they want to know who it is and what
led to the stabbing. Sohroeder solemnly
told Sergeant Green, who has befriended
him on more than one occasion, that he
did not know the man, but the police are
unbelieving.
The wound is not nearly so serious as
at Brst anticipated and Schroeder was
able to sit up in bed yesterday and talk
freely. He will be removed to the City
and County Hospital to-day.
He admitted yesterday that he was an
ex-convict. February 10, I^9l. he was sent
to San Quertlr for two years for burg
lary under the name of John Thompson.
He" broke into ;i barn while drunk and
stole a set of harness. Prior to that he
bad served terms for petty larceny. About
ten 'lay? ago he was in Judge Mogan's
on a charge of vagrancy, but was
ero on promising to keep away
from the city. Since then he had been
working for the Oakland Water Works
»' in; any at Alvarado.
Singular stoiy of a California girl
\s-ho has fallen heir to a $10.000.
--000 Australian estate, in next Sun
day's Call.
jf~^k J^r. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Mt-^&Jgnk 625 KEABNY ST. EstabllabM
fi ln I*s* ' or 'be treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary, j
62oKEABNYsT. Established i
In 1834 for the treatment of Private i
DIMaSM, Lost Mauhood. Debility or
disease wearing on bodyandmlndand
J^^g^Jv^W Skin Diseases. I'hedoctorcureswhen
others fa!!. Try htm. Charges low
fnrMfiiaraiilffd. Call or write.
2>r. J. 1- •iIBBOS. Box 1337. Sac Francisco.
&^g\
E - J)
VS^33Q MARKET ST. S.F.^hm^ '
■ — — — —— — ■
RAILHOAI* TBAVEL.
CALIFOINIA NORTHWESTEHN ET. CO.
L3SSBH
CAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Perry. Foot of Market 6t.
SAN FRAJfCISOO TO BAN RAFAEILi.
VTEKK DAYS— 7:M. 8:00, 11:00 a. m. ; U:3S, :
S:BC 6:10, l:J0 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:80 p. to. Baturd*y»— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. rp.
SUNDAYS— B:W. »:SO, 11:00 a. m.; 1:10, »M,
6 - 00 6:20 p. in.
' BAN RAFAEL, TO B AN FRANCISCO.
tTEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9^o, 11:10 a. m. ; USt,
3:10, 6:10 p. m. Saturday*— trips at
IM and 5:95 p. en.
SUNDAYS— B:I9. »:*O. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 8:44, ,
5:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between Ban Franctaoo and Bcbnet«en Park '
same »ch»dul> as abova.
LeTv» ArrlT«
Ban Francisco. In Effect Sao Franotico.
_ i October 18. !
Weak ! Sun- IS9B. ! Sun- ] W»ek
Days. ' Day». Destination, j days. I days.
T-30 am 8:00 am: Novato, 10:40 ami S:*o urn i
'8:S0 pm »:I5 ami Petaluma ! 6:10 pm 10:« am
8:10 pm 6:00 ptn Santa Rosa. 7:33 pro i:ii paa
Fulton,
f i3O am Wlndiot, H>* am
Be&ldsburs.
Lytton,
GeyserrHle.
1:10 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:88 pm ( <iSS pm
■ Ho pi and and
7:30 am Uklah. 7:88 pm 6:22 pm j
7:30 am 10:25 am ,
t:ooam Qurn«3nrU>« 7:16 pra
8:80 pm ««Mpm i
7:80 am "i MX) am Sonoma W:4oaml Is*) am
and
8:10 pm) 8:00 pm Glen Ellen.. 5:10 pm 6:83 pm
7:80 am 8:00 am Bebastopol. '_Oi*flam;lo:K am ;
$:30 prn 8:00 pm< 7:Sspmi 5:83 pm :
I Btayw connect at Banta Rosa for Mark W»it
fprinss: at Lytton for Lytton Spring; at Oey-
)errlilo for Ska^rs Spring*; at Cloverdalo for >
the Geysers; at Hop.and for Dunoan Sprints,
, Highland Springs. Kels«r»Ule. Carlsbad
fprinsa, Soda Bay, LakMKiurt and Bartiett
F?ring»". at Uielei tor Vich/ Springs. Saratoga ,
fprlnys. Blu« Lahoe. Laurel Dell LaKe, Witter
r.prlag», Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley. ;
John Day's, Rlverßlde. LlerleTs. Buclmcll'*. ,
farbedrin He'.grhtß. HutlvMa, Boone\11!*, Orr ■
Hot Springs, Mendoctao City, Fort Brazft, t
'.v-»stDcrt. T>al. WllHtti. La>tonTllla, Cum- .
ralng's, Eell's Sprtn«s, Harrta. Olsen's. Dyar. I
Kcutia and Eureka. J
. Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
r *On Sundays round trip tlckeu to all point*
On Sunday! rotind trip tickets to al! point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates^
Ticket OrQces, 650 Market St.. OlircnicJe bid*. ,
p. C. WHITI^O, B.X RYAN.
Ci.njaral Ma&acer. Gen, Pass A«er.t-
BUY A FARM FOR SILVER
AND SELL THE PRODUCTS FOR
GOLD.
YOU CAN DO IT IN
mEXico,
RAISING COFFEE, ORANGES, BANANAS
AND CATTLE.
THE MEXICAN CENTRAL STAND-
ARD GAUGE RAILWAY
Reaches all the important points In the Re-
public.
Excursion tickets, limited nine months from
date of sale, may be purchased at any rail-
rood ticket office.
Address the undersigned for descriptive mat-
ter, including "Facts and Figures About Mex-
ico," mailed free. - &
C. E. MINER.
General "Western Agent, room 209 Houser build-
ing, St. Louis, Mo.
W. D. MURDOCH,
Asst. Gen'l Pass. A*t., City of 'Mexico.
MOUNT TAMALPAiS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sauaallto Terry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday,
Week 'Day's— a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— 3:oo. 10:00. 11:80 a. m., 1:15 p. m.
' Round trip from Mill Valley. U.
THOS. WOK & SON. A«enU. 131 Market
I .tittt, Baa macteo.
EAILBO/JD TB AVEL. '
•oDTiiKßif PACIFIC coarrAWT. .
(TACIi'IO »MM*.')
Tr«lBM fmrt> mm«« we am* to i»rr»»* •• .
HAN *KAKCISiteO. : .
(Main Lbie, FtV>t of Mark--* Street) f
MA tb - F»om Pea 18. ISM. - AMUtil •
•6:OOa Kllas. Ban Jos* and Way CtaMona... *•'***
7:OOa Benicia, Suisua and Sicraaiepto. . . . Oi-Ml*
7:O«a MarjßTllie, Oro»lUe and Kcddiuf tJ»
Woodland < s™?*
7iOOa Kltntra. VaoaTlU* and Rumsej\... .. ■«•»
7ta«A.»wrMue», t*ant:ftmcn.Vik):ojo. J*aps,
Oali»tog» and H«y* • |«J
81OO* Atlantic Uxpre*s, O(<lon and l.**t.. ■«*»»
S:SOa S»u Jose. LiTerinoro, MsKM
lone, Sacramento, Flacemll*.
MsrysTllle. Chloo. 6ed m.i* *'•»»
BisOa •Milton Oakdale and Jacw*town. . . «Jiar
ItMi Marthie*. Tracy, LaUarop. btocktoa. _^
Msrced »nd Fremo i,-V-'- 18tI * r
0i«Oa Preauo, BakenUeM. "H»nU B»rh»ra,
Los AD«ei«a. DeaiJof. El Paso.
NswOrieaosiudEMt............ ",,'
lOiOOa Vallejo, Martinet aDd Way SUtkraj «»43»
I«:*Om If Dm, Ll^eimore, Stockton. Sacra-
mento, Mendota. Hanfard, Viaalla,
PcrterriUe :«■ m l'l*Z
•liOOr S*oraineiit!> U(Ter Steamers.. ....... »:9VW
4,—r Mariiiiei, 8« Riuiio.i, ValleK ___
Nap*. Call»t««*. S«.n»a Roea MxlOA
4i«*r Benicl*. VacaiWe, . boor.iMenlo,
Woodland. Knights Landing. m _ ■.-
UinnUlc.Otoillle '~,%t
4i3opKilea, Ban Joee and Stockton ....... ttiaw
•:OOrB*n Francisco and Los Angeles
limited. Fresno, Bakersfield. Los
•■SOr Btocktoa, 'Meiced! Fresno.'.'.'.'.'.' 1*:18*
Si3Or Manluea. Trier. -ndota, Fresno,
MolaTe, Bauta Carbara and I.os
Aaaelea »<4»A
15 OOP Pacific Coast Limited. El Paso, i
Fort Worth, Little Rock. St.
Louis. Chicago and East |»:45J8
>il»? ritnti m R.,uw, Al^uitlc i-.*l)reas
for Mojare anil Km*. ■ ■••• ••■•• ■ ',I:2'
•.OOP Kiiropeau Mall. OgJe.i and Bast.... 2,
«iO«p Hay wards. Nlles and Ban Jose .£',:,£
•«iUOr Vaflejo VW— ol" 12lI!l *
t7i4M*p Vallejo, Port Costs and "Way Bla-
Uons ;; * •*•*"• w
M«p Oregon Kiprwp.Bacramento. Marys-
»ltle, Ite.l.ll.ig, rortlau.l. Fuget
Motiml and Kast . ***** •
<l»t«3r Bonset limited. Fresno. I.os
Ang«le». El Pa«o. New Orleans
an." Bast ...,..■■ Bi*»f
"BA.N J.KA.MJHt) iNH lI*VWAUI>S LOCAI^
(Foot of MaritetStivc-t.)
1 \ Helro<«, .Semlnarr Turk,
.o . ntclitiurK, Klinltur«t. 0:4.14
<•>••* Kan l^anJro, South Sam I'D:!!*,
I©.«Oa I^sn-lro. J>t B .lillo, I****-
<ll:6<K Loremo, CUcrrj ■ "7*52*
8««Or ami \\,\%l
Si«op llariranis. '3 '"»
»»«OP , Bans turou«li to Nfles. . '**"
J 1 From Nllea I __^
"" COAST PIYISIO.N (Narrow ban ire).
(Foot of Market Street.) —
*" 4il3ANewart,OentarTUle.S*n Jose.Feiton.
Bould«xCn)«k.BantaOruiandWay .._
fiutlons, ■■■■■ ol3 **
••tlOp Newark. Centerrtlle, Ban Jose. New
Almaden, Frlton, BouMer Creek,
8»&ta Crui and Principal Way
Stations M o : .?r?
«ilsp Wrwark. San Jose and Los O»V»s... ■:*•«>
1 1 i43p Hanten' Excursion, San Joss and a
* Way Btntlons *"»»»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
*T*aBil WUCISCO— Foot of Market Strsit (Slip —
•7:16 9:00 11:00 a.m. t1:33 *3:00 J3iO»
•440 t8:00 *e:3or.i«.
frs«o*ni»B— f»»l»fßfiiidw»T.— '«X» 8:00 10:00*-«.
tI2:CO »l:03 t2:00 *3:33 tl::0 "B*3*.*.
COAST 111 VISION (Broa<lG'»nge). "
(Third and Townsend 3t».) -^
7jOOa B*)! Jo«e an.l \V«y SUtioiis (New
Almadeu Wadueadays ouly)_ iiaw»
•■•O* Hsu Jo««, Tree Plnos. H»uta Cruz.
Paelflc «IroTe. Paso H..b!es, San
Luis Oblupo. Gnarialupe. Surf and .
Principal War Staticns ,J'J'|
I»:4Oa Bau .lorn and War stations i'Si^
11i8«a Bao Jn»e ami Way Stations ....... »••»••»
•••43p San Mateo, Redwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara. H«u .lose,
Gllror, Hollliter, Saiita Cnw.
B*iiDO», Monterey ami FaciUe . fl , ao
OroTe I"*^°A
«Mr ßsa^oas umii W*jf Stations ••.••■•• # » : "!?*
Mjlßr San Joee a»(T Principal Way Stations » : «*
•3rO«p San Jose and Principal Way 3t*tions »'•"*
SiSOp dan Jose and Principal W*y .Stations »:3«
«:30pSan Jose Way Stations l!*nS
flli4Br San Jose and Way BUtlons T.^or
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
•Sundajsexoefte.l. : Sundays only. tSatiiriaynonly
TMondats andThurs<'ay«. oTueddays and Saturdays.
»saturda»sandWedne«days. tThiu»d»TB and Mun.laya.^
California
Limited
Santa fe Route
'Connecting Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at a
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES.
DAY, FRIDAY. !
i Arrives In Chicago at 9:32 A. M. th«
following Thursday. Saturday
and Tuesday— In New
York at 1 So P. M. Friday. Sunday
-. •nd Wednesday.
DINING OARS. BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Eleotrla
Lighted Sleeping Car.
i This Train Is In Addition to the Dall/
Overland Express.
*AI FRAHCISCQ TICKET OFFICE — SU MAKE! Sir!
TELEPHONE MAIX IBM.
Oiilaud Offio»— 1118 Broadway.
Swrwaento Offlea— 2ol J Street.
Saa Jos* 020« — 7 West Santa Clara Si.
A Superb Train
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAEI
IBlknioii Pacific;
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUT CHANGE.
! BUFFET SMOKING AND LIBRARY CARS
WITH BARBER SHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS.
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS. <
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE). }
ONLY 314 DAYS TO CHICAGO. i
Leaves San Francisco daily at 6 p. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, General Ajrent.
No. l Montgomery street. San Francisco.
! NORTH PACiFiC COAST RAILROAD,
Vii Srvi«»mo Fer'-v. )
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLE*
: AND SAN RATAEL.
WEEK DAY3-*7:I0. »3:SO. 11:00 a. m.; I:*6V
< 'eXTRA ""TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mon-<
flays, Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:50 P- rr^
3UNDAYS-'S:00. '10:00, IVJO a. m.; n:UJ
«-Cil *4°30. 6:15 P- m.
' Trains marked • run to San Quenttn. 1
FROM BAN RAFAEL' TO SAN FRANCISCOJ
; WEEK DAYS— S:2S. »«:35. 7:45. »3:30 a. m.l
; •12-20 ? 20. •3:43. 6:05 p. m. ■"='
1 EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
I and' Saturdays at 6:*o p. m -*—— a. m.,
I SUNDAYS— 6:2O. *«:00. '10:00, »U:aa a. m.J
•1-15 *3:10. 4:«. '6:2« p . m. «
I Trains marked • start from San Quentln. ,
1 rv'ninx VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO^
1 WEEK DAYS-*:« 6:<5. 7:£5. 9:40 a. m.^
' Ji FXTRA "TRIPS' en' Mondays. Wednesday*
i "A'^iYl^'oo/wU am.; 12:05. 1:20. 3:20,
j l:«>. 6:28 p. m THRO TT,H TRAIN. .
' 7:20 a. m. we«k days — Caxadero and way sta n%.
I 8:45 p. ifj Saturdays— Duncan Mills and waJJ
B:3C a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta's.
T;iE SAN hl^TuoUO Aiul SIR JUAQiiIH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2&. 13W. trains will run as fellows!
South-bound. J North-bound. I
____— — — — —
Vaasen- Mixed. {Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sundar Stations. [Sunday i ger. ■
Datljr. Exo'ptd Exc'pid '< Dally. ,
7:K am 10:30 am Stockton 3:44 j>m ; 8:00 pra
»:!« am, 2:CB pm M«rc»d ; 12:40 pm 4:13 piai
W:M SJBi i:ti pm Freeno ! 4:30 am' 2:42 pra!
ll:W ami T:« pmi Kanford i 7:45 »m 1:45 pal
2:15 ptn 12:10 tit) Baltersfleld ' 1:00 am CO am!
U:5» am 9:5} pm,' \1«ttl!& ! «:*0 ami I:S2 pn«
H:lipm t:sapm) Talar* 5:50 ami 1:06 pr^
Stopping; at Intermediate points as required. J
For particulars of stage and other connection^
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Offlca. 121 Marked
v ;re«t. Em Francisco.-
-v^fi££BSß*>*!r*rt.a flu ° Is a Doo-poli>onoiai
t <%&SSp*"**&£iM remedy for Gonorrhoea,
i J(B&2rCUR'EIFSSdB Gleet, Spermatorrhoea.
I lgP^nltoSJ.r.>Ji Whit->§. nnnMural .j;*.
Sfs/W Ounox^ V charts, or any lnflamnji-
mKw Bot *° ••rt» wr ». Hou. irritattna or uieera-
■^■^■PraTjiau cont»?iJa. tic:) of mucous mem-
&?!rfTKEEvAHSCHE«!C«!Co. francs. Non-astringeuU
3. A ->pgj by express, prepaid, fot
$1.00. or S bottles, 12.7&.
g^ZgtS» i '* v ■ tarcai*r Hat «a rura^i
■ v
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
BRANOES EAGER
TO DECORATE HIS
CHILD'S GRAVE
The Accused Mur
derer Still Hopes.
JUROR MARSTON IS NOW ILL
•ARGUMENT IN THE TRIAL GOES
OVER UNTIL TUESDAY.
The Sick Juror Was Attacked With
Vertigo, Resulting From the
Heavy Strain of the Pro
tracted Trial.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
Broadway, March 23.
Argument in the Brandea murder case
went over this morning until next Tues
day, owing to the sudden and serious i 11—
nese of Juror Benjamin .S. Marston. Ac
cording to Dr. Juror Marston
t vertigo at his home this
morning, but the physician believes that
his patient will recover sufficiently to re-
Fume his duties as a juror by next Tues
day. Hem all hopes that the fate of
Brandos might be determined by the end
of this week are vain, a fact that ap
peared to h.iv-- a decidedly cheering effect
upon the accused murderer.
In the courtroom Brandes sighs and
heaves and rolls hie eyes about in their
■■=, and weeps and drops his head
back occasionally, as though gasping f or
hls last breath. If In the courtroom he
has been acting, he has carried out his
part very well. Behind the bars, in the
large corridor at the County Jail, he is
not the same man.
He sits about, his head covered with a
natty blue corduroy cap, and smokes his
ptpe, Bhuffl< s the cards in an '•innocent
game" of poker for beans and laughs and
chats more merrily and unconcernedly
thn.n do most of his prison mates, who
are serving time for minor offenses.
If In the court he has the appearance
of one standing in the shadow of the gal
lows in the Jail corridor he not only ap
pears free from such horrid specters, but
actually expr< sses his confidence that the
twelve men who have listened to the har
rowing and blood-curdling details of the
alleged murder for the past six weeks
wiM give him his liberty.
"My attorneys. Messrs. Sawyer and
Bennett, have worked hard for me," said
the accused murderer this afternoon at
the County Jail, "and I do not know ■
how I am ever going to repay the com- j
lilimesnt. I cannot get out of here too:
for I wlil have plenty to attend to.
I want to bring some flowers to my girl's
grave and arrange to have a tombstone
the head. This is uppermost in my
mind. You have no idea how I loved that ,
girl I thought more of her than of any
of the rest of the family.
■•I ], mbt as to the outcome of
my case, and do not feel worried; only
I "ha- very well ever since I
have been in jail. 1 have lost twenty-rive
pounds and J can't live without work.
When I get out of here I'll never again
return to the watchman business. It cre
ates too many enemies for a man. I have
thing that I accumulated with
in the past eleven years on account or
this case. and, of course, I also provided
for my wife's defense."
But the accuse.! murderer stopped
short. He recollected his attorneys' ad
monition not to speak to any one. and
he returned to the long table in the cor
ridor and resumed the card game.
HE GETS THE DIVORCE,
SHE THE PROPERTY
HOW THE PRICE FAMILY SET
TLED THEIR TROUBLES.
A Potato-Masher Wielded by His
Angry Spouse Caused the Trouble
That Led to a Sepa
ration.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
•»s Broadway, March 23.
Mrs. Maggie E. Price snatched victory I
from the jaws of defeat in Judge Ells- !
■worth's court to-day. Her husband. M.
N. Price, sued her for a divorce some !
time ago. and this afternoon Judge Ells- j
worth granted him a decree. But this Is I
all he did get. To Mrs. Price was award- j
ed the home, dairy and chicken ranch in
North Oakland, besides other real estate
in this city.
At the trial some very Interesting de
tails of family history were related by \
the suing husband. It was brought out
that the parties were married in April, :
1887. In October, 1896, the wife deserted
plaintiff -by driving him from the house!
with a potato masher and without his
consent.
This domestic assault, it appeared, was
brought on by the fact that one day the
husband drove up to his home and asked
his wife to go out fur a drive. This j
proffered kimlnes was ignored, and in- j
etead Mrs Price accused her husband of ,
having taken other women out driving.
Price's protestations of his faithfulness
■were as the idle winds, but alter return
ing the buggy to the stable he renewed |
them and it" was then that the potato |
ma-her was wielded and Price was ban
ished. The suit for separation followed.
Mrs Price made no particular defense |
bo" far as fighting the divorce was con- ]
cemed, but she declared the property In- :
volved belonged to her. It developed that j
way back In their courting days Price
had given Mrs. Price money with £hlch
to build a house and sheds on the North .
Oakland property. She having therefore !
acqufred it before marrying it could not ,
be regarded as community property. Mrs.
Price also showed that she had man
aged the affairs of the household, twelve
cows and a dairy route, besides the chick
en ranch, and that the plaintiff had
P Wence S the n property was awarded to the
■wifo and the divorce to the husband.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, March 23.-The Enclnal
Literary Society held a regular meeting
this evening in the parlors of the Con
irrefrational church. An interesting pro
gramme was given. At the next meet-
In- Dr A. W. Scott, principal of the
H!*gh School, will address the members.
William Perm Martin died last evening
at his home, 2122 San Jose avenue after
a long Ulneßß. He \v;j,s a native of France
aged 74 years, and had been a resident of
Alameda for nearly thirty years.
Mrs. Captain Phineas Pendleton died
yesterday in San Francisco as the result
of a surgical operation. She formerly
lived with her husband in this city, but
about a year ago they moved to Saratoga,
Santa Clara County.^
Republican Pluralities.
OAKLAND, March 23.— The official fig
ures of the City Clerk on the late elec
tion show the following- pluralities:
R. W Snow, Mayer, 1818: A. H.
Br^ed Auditor. 2375; Z. T. Gilpln,
Treasurer, :>4S; W. A. Dow, City Attor
ney 31S; R. M. Ciement, City Engineer.
80; Councllmen at large— Anson Barstow
•17" B C Cuvelller 2164, G. R. Stetson 1033.
C Kramm 173. With the exception of
Kramin and Clement all are Republicans.
A character study of John Bur
roughs, the great American writerjqf
nature, in his cabin home, in next
Sunday's Call.
HIS OFFICE
WAS WASHED
INTO THE CREEK
Storm Floods Many
Highways.
A MASSACRE OF GOPHERS
MANY DRIVEN FROM THEIR
HOLES BY WATER.
Mr. Watkinson Smiles as He Thinks
of the Accommodating Nature
of the Heavy
Rains.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway. March 23.
Thirty-six hours of continuous down
pour and still raining. Such is the record
of Oakland for the past day and a half.
When H. A. Pleitner, a real estate
dealer of Fruitvale, went to his office this
morning the office was gone. A little
search revealed the missing house in the
middle of Fruitvale Creek, and against it
a torrent of waters was beating. The con
tents had been washed out and deeds,
transcripts, maps and other parapherna
lia had landed In the estuary long before
Mr. Pleitner came down to business.
The building— a substantial little struc
ture—was built near the edge of the creek.
This creek has been dry so long that no
body anticipated any danger, but the
mighty torrent that started to rush down
the creek last night gradually washed the
earth from under Mr. Pleitner's office and
the laws of gravitation did the rest.^
During the recent campaign City Engi
neer Clement, who is a good engineer but
a poor politician and a worse orator, read
a. little speech in which he referred to the
streets of this city as "a monument of
engineering skill." Mr. Clement intended
of course to compliment the monument,
and not the engineer or the skill, but at
tins time this unfortunate remark is be
ing frequently quoted, especially in the
neighborhood of Twenty-seventh and San
Pablo, Sixth and Broadway and Fourth
avenue and East Eighteenth street, where
the ••monuments" are several feet out of
sight and only the skill remains.
At Fourth avenue and East Eighteenth
street the electric cars have not been
able to run for two days, as there are
B( . -ral feet of water on the track. At
Sixth and Broadway some wag waded
into the lake and stuck up a sign stating
that fishing lines could be hired on the
banks. The farmers are beginning to
think that there can be too much of a
good thing. .Like Macbeth they are cry
ing, "Hold, enough," but so far their cry
has been unheeded.
The luckiest man in town is J. H. T.
Watkinson, the general manager of the
Contra Costa Water Company. Two weeks
ago Mr. Watkinson, with a face two feet
long, went before the Council and told of
the drought and of the scarcity of water
in the San Leandro Lake, and argued that
all kinds of means would have to be de
vised to guarantee a sufficiency of fresh
water for Oakland for the next year. Mr.
Watkinson was even dramatic. He point
ed to the clear, dry sky and said, "Gen
tlemen, is there any evidence there that
we shall have any rain this year?" and
the Council said no and passed a water
rate which, it was hoped, would satisfy
the demands of the people and corporation
alike.
Now Mr. Watkinson is constantly tele
phoning to the San Leandro Lake and the
precaution has been taken to see that
the safety gates are In working order, so
that if it rains much longer the surplus
supply can be run off. Mr. Watkinson's
face to-day was about two feet broad
and the old Council is out of office.
Health Officer Dunn and City Bacter
iologist Ryfkogel were at the City Hall
to-day, computing how many microbes,
bacilli and other things had been washed
out of the sewers and off the sidewalks
by the rain. Their rows of figures
reached back and forth across the page
many times, and the experts said they
had not yet finished.
One of the greatest benefits done to the
farmers in the vicinity of Alvarado by
the storm is the driving out of the thou
sands of gophers which infest the region
in and about Alvarado. Every farmer
la Jubilant over the killing- of these pests,
for they do great damage to the beet
and grain fields. The gophers had en
croached more generally upon the bot
tom lands of late, owing to the recent
dry years.
The killing of the gophers Is due to the
flooding of the country. In some places
the water stands eight and ten Inches
deep and has even covered a .section of
the narrow gauge track 400 yards from
the station at Alvarado.
Mrs. Armstrong Demurs,
OAKLAND. March 23.— Sarah Margaret
Armstrong to-day filed a demurrer to the
complaint of her husband in the suit
whereby he seeks to recover real prop
erty valued at $50,000, which he claims he
signed deeds for, while he believed he
was about to die and which his wife im
mediately had recorded. The parties are
prominent old people, residing at Hay
wards.
Congressman Metcalf Returns.
OAKLAND, March 23.— Hon. Victor H.
Metcalf returned home this morning. He
went to Washington for the purpose of
becoming 1 acquainted with those with
whom he will sit in the next Congress.
"While East he also familiarized: himself
with several federal matters relating to
Oakland and was introduced to President
McKinley.
JOHN L. MEETS
AN EVANGELIST
+ ; ♦
O $
I Mr. Moody and the Pugilist %
I Exchange Views About $
I Hades. |
© AKLAND, March Rev. Dwight L,. Moody, the well-known evangelist, Q
jfc I I was conversing with his traveling companion, Professor D. B. Towner, +
T T I in the Hotel Metropole. At the same hotel was staying John L. Sullivan 9
0 and some members of his theatrical troupe, then giving a vaudeville X
■+ show at the Oakland Opera-house. i
© Mr. Sullivan in some manner or other overheard the conversation and 6
X asked bluntly: "Do you gentlemen believe there is a hell?" +
~J "Of course we do," said Mr. Moody. "We not only believe It, but we are 9
♦ sure of it." £
** "Well, I don't believe I do," said Sullivan. "Religion is all a humbug, "
anyhow, and as for heaven and hell-, they are just fairy, tales." _
~ "You do believe in them, Mr. Sullivan," said Mr. Moody. "You know *£
A that your dear mother would not tell you untruths, and although you. may q
V be a Catholic and I may be a Protestant, I guess we think about the same +
X on some matters." *y
V "No, I don't," said the pugilist, but he relented just a little from his first ""J?
0 position. "I believe th^re is a hell, and to tell you the truth, I believe I have q
-4- lived in it half my life. Honestly, I think every man makes his own hell, 5£
O but I don't take any stock in that fire and brimstone affair." Q
4- "Well, we won't argue. Mr. Sullivan," said the evangelist, "no matter +■
9 what you do or what you believe about hell, don't miss heaven. I should re- 9
X Joice at meeting you there." . V " a
X ' "I won't," said Sullivan, "I'll be , no, I won't." i
$H<H«*©+O ± O +0;fO + 0+O+O+O+OKHO+O+O > O +O > 0-fOKHOS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, FRIDAY, MARCH 24, 1899.
NIGHT OF TERROR
OVER IN OAKLAND
9 ' *
| Threatened by the Breaking of |
I a Big Reservoir. I
S3 n AKLAND, March 23.-Thls Is a night of terror for the i sia «"* B t^*° «
V live In the multitude of little homes near Mountain .^Cemetery ♦
m U The large upper reservoir has overflowed on account of the heavy rains 8
V and late to-night a leak was discovered in the embankment. A th , em 4
*• bankment is largely composed of rawd and bushes it Is likely to burst asun ft
A der should the pressure Increase. . . thfl Po _ *
ct As soon as the danger was made known orders w^ S l ™" £ * A e JJ, «
? lice Department to notify the residents of their Jeopardy. ° fflc A^ ♦
& and Special Officer Hitchcock went from house to house, ££"* th la J£ V
♦ and advising the people to seek other quarters for he "'S^ X Jhey dW ♦
S? not wish to run the risk of their houses being washed away and of losing f
? the There e was no need of a second warning, for half a dozen families at S + !
£ oncl pa^kld ujtheir persona! belongings and with their children sought S!
? safer quarters The King. Blake and Hlckey «J»iUe. jed »f« P™^^? &
SS Int^r others followed Those who were inclined to think tnat the warning «5
♦ was premlture inspired by the sight of their fleeing neighbors to do Ik- ♦
« X P anTthe that are In the line of a possible flood were rapidly g
? deS Toward midnight rain ceased to fall, but the creek supplying the reser- V
28 voir was running as fiercely as ever. Once before a reservol -burst in tha^ 8
♦ vicinity, and the residents know what to expect in the event of such a J
? Cal There is a school not far from the reservoir, but on high, safe ground, V
« The people were informed by the police that the bell would be tolled vigor- SS
♦ ously as soon as it was certain that the reservoir would burst- ♦
£ Denutv Sheriff P. J. Keller lives near the reservoir, and he says that he g?
a believes the danger to be overestimated, although he advises that all rea- ♦
88 Fonable precautions be taken. "I have lived here many winters and have g;
♦ Been many storms." he said, "and I think the reservoir has been put to a ♦
S3 greater strain than it is put to to-night. There is a little leak, but Ido not W
♦ think it serious. The source of supply of the reservoir is very short, per- ▼
"a hi-ps a quarter of a mile, and as the rain is letting up a little at midnight I 4
*• have reason to hope that there will be no flood to-night." ft
?Uss-«-S2+SS+!B ♦ U ♦ S8 ♦ 88 ♦ Si^si^BS^S*^S*«^S^S2^!B ♦ 88 ♦ 88 ♦ 8S ♦ S^SB^SS^?2^ X
QUEER VERDICT
RENDERED IN
EPPERSON CASE
Killed by an Unknown
Man.
YET GILLIGAN SAYS HE DID IT
CORONER'S JURY SEEMS TO BE
A LITTLE MIXED.
Testimony That Indicated a General
Desire on the Part of Witnesses
to Keep From Being Con
nected With the Matter.
"We, the jury, do find that
John Epperson's death was
due to hemorrhage, the result
of a knife wound severing the
jugular, and we do further
find that said wound was in
flicted by some unknown per
son.
"Emil Lehnhardt, W. H.
McCrimmon, A. Q. Rhodes,
W. H. Winters, C. R. Hoessli,
Thomas C. S. Knight, J. P.
Wonderlich."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
90S Broadway, March 23.
Notwithstanding that James J. Gilli
gan, charged with the murder of John
Epperson at the racetrack in Emeryville
last Tuesday, has retained Thomas Gar
rity as his attorney and has announced
that his plea will be self-defense, the
Coroner's Jury at the inquest to-night re
turned the verdict given above.
H. J. Duier or Dreyer, proprietor of the
notorious Office saloon at the Emeryville
racetrack, where the alleged murder was
committed, and who yesterday swore to
the complaint charging Gilllgan with mur
der, was the principal witness. His testi
mony was decidedly contradictory, and
from the first it was quite apparent that
he had come with his "little piece learned
by heart." Witness Duier tcstllied that
Epperson, the df<id man, had said to him
on Tuesday afternoon that he had no use
for Gilligan, and that he felt as though
he ought to kill him. The dead man had
said, "And I'm going to kill him."
"Just then." continued the witness,
"Gilllgan came in through the back door
and Epperson remarked, 'There he is
now.' Then they wrestled, but I went
out. When I stepped back into the saloon
Epperson was on top of Gilligan hitting
him with a knifo, while Gilllgan was un
derneath. I pulled thorn apart. I never
saw the knife in Gilligan's hand. When
I pulled Epperson up on his feet he told
me he thought his Jugular was cut and he
asked me to try and save him."
Duier identified the breadknife, a
sharp-pointed -weapon, as the one with
whicn the cutting had hoen done. It had
been lying on his Office saloon counter
just previous to the murder.
"Who told you that this knife was
used?" inquired Coroner Mehrmann of
witness.
"Why," replied Duier, "Gtlligan told me
himself that he had done it with that
knife."
J. D. Triplett testified that he was play-
Ing the piano just previous to the alleged
murder. Epperson had asked to play a
tune, when he turned to and fought with
CillliKan, but witness had suddenly
skipped at this juncture "because he did
not want to be mixed up."
Henry Pierce, who cle;tns up the Office
saloon," tt-.stitied next that he had just
stepped out when the row began and so
he did not see anything.
J. M. Leavltt, a horseman, was next
called and made the surprising statement
that at the time of the murder he rushed
In and took the knife away from one of
the men. but that be "<liil not know from
whom he took It," because it had grown
dark.
Richard Morrison Identified the dead
jockey's remains, and "Spike" Hennessy
testified that he "saw the fight only out-
Bide and afterward saw Epperson kick
Gilligan."
Drs. Hamlln and Milton testified to the
autopsy.
The jury then brought in the verdict,
and Coroner Mehrmann was loth to ap
prove the same. "This is a wrong ver
dict, gentlemen," said the Coroner, "and
I shall certainly charge Gilligan with
murder."
The verdict was finally approved on the
advice of District Attorney Allen, though
Kmll Lehnhardt, foreman of the jury,
suggested that the verdict be reconsid
ered It appears from what could be
gathered from jurors that they believed
It possible that Epperson had killed him
self by falling on the knife.
And all this notwithstanding Gilligan
only to-day reiterated the statement that
he "was forced to the deed by Epperson's
assault.
AN ATTORNEY IN
FEAR OF A WOMAN
MRS. GOOBY BEING BADLY AD
VISED.
Mitchell Asks That She Be Bound
Over to Keep the
Peace.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 23.
Attorney Mitchell Is in fear of his lifo.
The lady who horsewhipped him and who
was convicted for the offense is now
awaiting sentence, and In the meantime
she has managed in some way or other
to create dire misgivings in the lawyer's
mind:
This morning Prosecuting Attorney
Abe P. Leach received the following let
ter:
Abe P. Leach, Esq. — Dear Sir: Tha woman
Gooby is being badly advised. She threatens
my life and Is very menacing. All my trans
actions will bear investigation and have been
done in the Superior Courts.
I desire no other than my rights and protec
tion—as a citizen and officer of the courts —
and knowinc that this disappointed woman Is
being influenced by prompters, and fearing her
attitude, I respectfully submit that she should
be strongly bound over to keep the peace. Re
spectfully. MITCHKLL.
Mrs. Gooby was before Judge Smith
this morning to be sentenced, but her at
torney was granted a continuance to
April 1, at which time he will make an
argument In favor of a motion for a new
trial.
Narrowly Escaped Asphyxiation.
OAKLAND. March 23.— Rake Brook-
Ing^, a colored man aged 24 years, was
found unconscious in a room at the St.
John House this morning overcome By
gas. At the Receiving Hospital he was
revived. He declared afterward that he
had no intention of committing suicide,
but that he did not care very much If
death had relieved him. Brookings is a
racetrack follower, and the right side
of his body Is paralyzed.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND. March 23.— Street Superin
tendent Miller, when asked to-day if he
intended to contest the election of City
Engineer Clement, who has a majority of
•80 votes, stated that there are still 30
days left in which to contest and before
the expiration of that time something
may happen which will influence him in
the matter.
Frank F. Mills, a junk man, has been
taken into custody by the police, who be
lieve him to be the man who prompted
the lads now in the City Prison to steal
the brass bearings at the yards of the
Southern Pacific Company in West Oak
land.
It is quite likely that Frank H. Cheese
man, the murderer of Henry J. Brooke,
will be brought back to this city from
the Napa asylum to be tried. Officers at
the asylum report that they believe
Cheeseman is shamming insanity.
Valentine Verl fell off the porch of his
home, 757 Oak street, yesterday after
noon while playing with another boy and
sustained 'what the doctors believe to be
a complete paralysis of the right side.
The case of Mrs. Anna Mentel. charged
with the murder of her husband in Ala
meda some time ago, was again contin
ued by Judge Hall to-day to April 4. The
accused did not appear in court person
ally. She is out on bail.
Mrs. Sadie Crooks to-day filed for pro
bate the will of her late husband, John
E. Crooks, the banker, who died at Hay
wards a few weeks ago, and asks for
letters. The estate is valued at about
$60,000, and is bequeathed to the widow
on the condition that she does not marry
again. Should she do so she is to receive
one-half and the three children. John <'
Ethel Crooks and Mabel Brown, the
other half. The widow and son are
named as executors.
James Reavis' confession of how
he forged the great Reavis Peralta
land claims, in next Sunday's Call.
BYROD WANTS
THE ESTATE
OF HIS WIFE
Deserted Her Many
Years Ago.
APPROVES OF A CONTRACT
SAYS HIS ATTORNEY ACTED IN
GOOD FAITH.
\
Was Disinherited by Mrs. Byrod,
Who Left the Savings of Her
Life to Various
Charities.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 23.
Frederick W. Byrod is not dissatisfied
with a contract he made some months
ago with Attorney Darwin DeGolia. The
troubles of Byrod have been the cause
of bringing him much notoriety, and a
few weeks ago statements were published
declaring that he was ajixlous not to
carry out a certain agreement that he
had made and which he hoped would re
sult in bringing him a large share o£ a
disputed estate.
Attorney Frank D. Ryan of Sacramento,
In which city Mr. Byrod is detained, ap
peared before Judge Greene to-day and
stated that his suit to annul the con
tract made by Byrod with Attorney Dar
win DeGulia was inadvisedly brought
under a mistaken idea of the facts, and
Byrod now wished the court to dismiss
the case altogether. Some days ago
Judge Greene had held that Byrod's com
plaint was not good, and Byrod, having
failed to amend his complaint, his re
queßt for dismissal of the action was
granted.
Behind this suit there Is an interesting
little romance. Mrs. Sarah G. Byrod was
a teacher in the Oaklana public schools
and died last November, leaving an
estate worth about $6000. By the terms
of her will the entire property was given
to charity, except a few minor bequests
to personal friends of the deceased, and
her husband Frederick W. Byrod, was
not mentioned in the will. Mr. anu Mrs.
Byrod have lived apart for many years
and Mrs. Byrod received no support from
her husband. He led a wandering, ir
regular life, and has held political posi
tions in both Oakland and Sacramento.
At the time of his wife's death he was
living in Sacramento, and when he be
came acquainted with the terms of her
will he decided to bring a contest for the
whole of the estate, affirming that he was
her only heir at law.
\;t. r making some inquiry' Byrod made
an agreement with Attorney Darwin De
Golia to press the suit. While this was
pending Byrod was induced to attempt
in repudiate the contract, and this led to
many unpleasant publications. This
morning, by his attorney, he assured
Judge Greene that he was thoroughly
satisfied with the condition of affairs, and
the battle to recover the estate of his
late wife will now be vigorously fought
by Attorney DeGolia.
BROWN-TISDAtE AFFAIR
ASSUMES A NEW PHASE
ENTIRE SCHOOL DEPARTMENT
IS INVOLVED.
Municipal League Reaches Out for
the Official Head of Superin
tendent Sullivan.
Alameda Office San Francisco Call,
1428 Park street, March 23.
Not satisfied with having opened war
on School Directors Lanktree and Tisdale.
with the idea of securing their official
scalplocks. the Municipal Lague has been
looking about for other game and has
trained its suns on School Superintendent
Sullivan.
lirainard C. Brown, George W. Scott
and James K. Lynch, the committee ap
pointed by the league to conduct the
School Trust.-c fight, issued their procla
mation of war this evening. They start
out with the assertion that the object o.f
the routing of the old School Board and
the alleged ring existing among the mem
bers is "to bring the schools of the city
up to the standard of excellence which
the Intelligence and character of Its in
habitants, and the amount of money
spent on their support, justly entitle our
people to expect."
This is a very broad hint that the Ala
meda schools are not exactly what they
have been cracked up to be. After this
opening gun the league committee pro
ceeds to throw hot shot into the whole
School Department in the following style;
•'lt is imperatively necessary to tree the
schools from the small political methods
which have dominated them; to provide
better buildings and more classrooms that
each child may receive its fair share of
attendance; to secure teachers enough to
this end whose only qualifications shall
be merit and efficiency: to adopt a course
of study In line with the best thought of
the modern authorities on education— a
cause the keynote of which shall be sim
plicity, and ihoroughness its guiding
principle; and lastly, to appoint a Super
intendent who will give his time to his
work, and not to the repairing of his po
litical fences— a Superintendent whose
tenure of office shall be made secure by
excellent service and impartial adminis-
The alleged "ring" which. It is claimed,
has been using the School Department as
a political machine has made no reply
to the charges since Dr. Tisdale's cele
brated telephone interview with B. C.
Brown. The wires have been repaired,
and communication restored with the
Brown fortifications. However, Dr. Tis
dale has not taken advantage of the situ
ation to do any more long-distance talk
ing with his political enemy. J. B. Lank
tree, the doctor's colleague, has profited
by the Brown-Tisdale affair and is saying
nothing. He will not discuss School
Board affairs, and will walk around a
block rather than pass by a telephone.
It is announced that In the event of the
Municipal League being successful in its
endeavor to reorganize the School Depart
ment Professor A. W. Scott, principal of
the High School, or Professor Charles
Hughes of the Encinal School, will be
elevated to the position of Superintendent.
Sunday-School Convention.
ALAMEDA, March 23.— The iirst annual
Alameda District Sunday-school conven
tion will be held to-morrow evening at
the Park-street M. E. Church. The pro
gramme of exercises follows:
Praise service; devotional exercises, con
ducted by President O. H. Lane; prayer,
Rev. Dr. Griffiths; offertory and an
nouncements. Chairman William G. Agar;
quartet, "Come. Ye Disconsolate," Encl
nal Literary Club; address, "The Pres
ent Ends. Means and Appliances of the
Modern Sunday-school Teacher," Profes
sor J. H. Firehammer, superintendent
Congregational Sunday-school; solo, se
lected, Malcolm Frazer; address, Rev. Dr.
John Hannon; quartet, "Softly Now the
Light of Day." Encinal Literary Club; ad
dress, "Progressive Evolution of Sunday
school Work," George H. Andruss, super
intendent Episcopal Sunday-school; hymn;
benediction.
Handball Champions.
ALAMEDA, March 23.— Two handball
teams, composed of Goggin and Masten
and Ryder and Hamma, played a series
of three games last evening for the cham
pionship of the Enclnal Recreation Club.
In the doubles tournament last year Gog
gin and Masten were winners and were
challenged by the team that played
against them last night. Hamma and
Ryder won the first game of the cham
pionship series, but their opponents very
neatly captured the last two.
SHE WAS NOT A
DYNAMITE FIEND
Steward Borchert Received a Scare
and Oakland a Twelve-
Pound Son.
OAKLAND. March 23.— Steward Bor
chert and Matron McDonald of the Re
ceiving Hospital had a novel and exciting
experience to-night. A woman giving the
name of Mrs. Wallace appeared at the
hospital with a valise and calmly ad
vised the attendants to prepare for the
worst.
She appeared to be rational, but, sus
pecting that there was something wrong
with her mentally, the steward tele
phoned for the patrol wagon. Before the
wagon arrived the visitor retired Into the
women's ward with Matron McDonald,
and a little later Steward Borchert was
informed that there was a new citizen
in Greater Oakland.
At midnight Mrs. Wallace and her
twelve-pound eon were receiving the
congratulations of the hospital staff.
THEIR FIRST MEETING.
Stockholders of the New Italian
Sank Organize.
The first stockholders' meeting of the
new Italian-American Bank convened yes
terday afternoon with all but 500 of the
5000 shares represented. Temporary di
rectors have had charge of the concern
since Its incorporation on March 16, and
the meeting was for the purpose of put
ting permanent officials In charge of
affairs. Without opposition the following
directors were elected: A. Sbarboro,
Henry J. Crocker. P. C. Rossi, A. Merle,
Dr. P. de Vecchi, S. L. Goldstein, Charles
A. Malm, Thomas J. Welsh and P. Bar
bieri.
This was the only duty of the meeting
of the stockholders, and when that was
over the newly elected directors convened
and elected their officers. President,
Andrea Sbarboro; vice president, Henry
J. Crocker; cashier, Alfred B. Sbarboro.
Also these committees were appointed:
I Executive, Henry J. Crocker, A. Merle
and C. A. Malm; financial, P. Barbieri,
'Dr. P. de Vecchi and Thomas J. Welsh.
The new bank starts with a capital
stock of $500,000, of which $250,000 is paid |
up. At the meeting yesterday loans of
over $200,000 were allowed, the security
being approved. The office of the new
bank will for a while be at 51S Montgom
ery street, /but it is the intention of the
directors to secure a home for the insti
tution in some building that will aecum- i
modate not only the bank but the Italian !
Commercial and Benevolent societies of
the city and coast. It is the object of the
bank to secure the support and patronage
of the Italian people of the entire coast, I
a population, it Is figured, amounting to
over 60,000.
The hea-> lest stockholders In the concern are
Andrea Sbarboro, P. C. Rossi and A. Merle.
The other stockholders are Dr. P. de Vecchi,
Daniel Meyer, C. A. Malm. H. J. Crocker, M.
J. Fontana, H. S. Crocker, <V. H. Crocker,
Alfred E. Sbarboro, F. W. Krogrh, A. Cuneo <fe
Co., Thomas J. Welsh, E. Decltn. I. Cuenin, L.
f'Ufnln. D. Friedenrlch, S. L. Goldstein. Dr. J.
Peseta, Pletro Paronl, G. de Luca, AS. Shep
man, G. J. Penarlo, P. Barmen. L. A. Smith,
G. B. Levaggi. A. rTiiesa, Alfred Merle. H. A.
Dlrkelman, Lulgi Demartinl. N. Ferrogglaro,
Romolo A. Sbarboro, C. I. Tllden, LjfcWell, J.
Baer. S. Roman, A. Luckerman, L. V. Merle,
Albert Meyer, Dr. Carlo Barsottl. C. R. Rich
ardson, P. F. Kingston and H. Nathan.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs J X Russell Jr. ■ Mrs Peters, Victoria
Denver ! Miss Richardson, B C
J E Kusenberg, Neb H R 'Lane. N V
B D Hicks, N T Mrs H R Lane, N V
F C Hicks, NY J M Denison, Md
Mrs J Weston, N T Mrs J M Denison, Md
X J Weston, N V Miss Denison. Md
May Weston. NY J E Smith, St Louis
W McCllntock, Denver J B Peakes, S Cruz
J S Rosenfleld. Chgo Mrs J H Balantlne, NJ
G J Denis, Los Ang H Young Jr, N J
J A "Watts, Cal I Mrs H Young Jr, N J
F L Orcutt, Sacto Mrs T Hopper, S Rosa
A Parker. NX Miss M Neef. S Ko&a
C B Nelletlttle, N T Miss M Thompson. Cal
R Taggart. N V Miss Wilhoit. Stocktn
C J Canda, NY H TV Earle, Stockton
D Phaelze &w, Chgo I E W Thompson. Cal
Mrs R C Hunt, Ohio J M Leavltt. Boston
H Ulke. U3 S Bear Mrs Cook, Belvedere
C B Whiting,. Conn R E Brown. Mexico
H N McGrew, Neb D G McLachlan. Mcx
W M O'Brien. Chgo J C Kays. Los Ang
D B Devore, USA Mrs J C Kays, L Ang
W D Mcllvane, Chgo F Bracho, Mexico
S Ward N V Miss Bracho, Mexico
Mrs S Ward, NY B W Woodward. N V
Mr. & Mrs Mosely, Mrs B W Woodward,
London N V
V D Kuhles, St Paul G L Chase, Conn '
J C Crofts, Vancouver Mrs G L Chase, Conn
C Luckenbach, La jMS Frlede & valet,
C B Vllas. Chgo : N V
O Corbin. Spokane A Ford, N V
Mrs O Corbin. Spokne L Blumber, N V
E Shea, Milwaukee J Ryttenberg, N V
Mrs E Shea. Milwauk R W Lomax, England j
J H Allen. St Paul C A Baldwin, Cal
Mrs J H Allen, St P Mrs C A Baldwin, Cal
A L Drummond. Can M Johnston, XT S N
A D Levis. Visalia , Mrs X E Smith, Cal
J G Holzheimer, Pa , F H Hudson, Vtsalia
W F Patton, Pa j Miss M Afong, Cal
F R Hostetter, Pa [Miss Melaine Afong,
Mrs F R Hostetter, Pa Mills College
F M Carnegie, Pa j Mrs J H Morley, N V
G W Wood, Pa jE B Loveland, N V
Mrs G W Wood, Pa jF M During Palto Alto
N T Kohmnn. NY J H Kahn.. Palo Alto
Mrs N Rohman. N V T T Williams. Cal
Mrs Seerey, NY i P Barr, London
O B Cooksey. NT J E Bennett, Cal
Mrs G B Cooksey, NY Capt Nelson. Cal
T J Rogers, Omaha iW E Lester, Cal
Miss Rogers, Omaha H M Landsberger, Cal
C G Ballentyne, Hono J B Barmeau, St Loui»
Mrs A M Klngan, Pa B F Wetherby, Boston
Miss M E Kelly, Pa i Mrs B F Wetherby.
W A Shaw & W, Pa Boston
Mrs D B Hatch, N Y| G E Goodman Jr. Cal
Miss Hatch, NY jS Ullman. N V
8 M Meeker. NY iF R Cunningham, L A
Mrs S M Meeker, N YjH L Filghnan, Va
S M Meeker Jr. NY L W Conover, Chgo
E R Fuller, N V Mrs L W Conover, Chg
Mrs E R Fuller. N T Mrs C E Clark, Cal
Miss L Fuller. NY |J G Roberts, Madera
Miss H Fuller. NY E Chambers, L Ang
H D Treadwell. Mass
GRAND HOTEL.
H C Eisen, Fresno W Scott, Fresno
Mrs F Bartlett, Cal M P Morgan & w. Cal
Miss M Bartlett, Cal X Hashimoto, Japan
C C Clcsson &w, Cal L W Conover, w &c,
Mrs C A Closson, Cal Chicago
J A Ferguson. Cal Mrs C E Clark. Fresno
E G Ward. L Ang H C Veateh. Orovllle
J Gregor, Sarto H McManchy, N V
R C Dale & d, Cal M Cafferate, Xcv
P Kiiburn, Cal |J G Holzheimer, Pa
A Flbush, Oakland (Mrs C P Noyes, Cal
J Morton, L Ang A Nord, Vancouver
J D McGilvry. L. Ang Mr Nord. Vancouver
N O Ferndon, Oakland C M Hartley, Vacavllle
J M Barlow, Utah I A I Williams, w & c,
G A Pennlman, S Jose I Chicago
C P Braslan, S Jose I A Robinson, Gilroy
F Dletz, Woodland I A A Van Dyke, Cal
G T Dunlap, Gilroy !,T Cooke, Sacto
A B Coleman. Cal T Bancroft, Denver
H J Connor & w, Utah \ H Kavanaugh, Sacto
C E Horton, Reno F J Kennedy, Sacto
C X Cadman, Pinole C W Easton. Modesto
S M Toplitz, NY G E Houck & w, Cal
B F Shepherd, Cal W C Reed & w, Cal
J S Matthews & if, P J Stanton, Redding
Mich 'J R Edwards, Napa
G L Harkness & Cal F T Kane & w. Nev
O F Mansfield & w, ,J C Slater, Ney
\ Boston B X Hedges. Stockton
M Townsend, Portland D A Hare. Ft Bragg
F H Prior. Conn Miss M Clausen, Cal
H H Blood, Cal A A Spencer, Soquel
A Breckman & d. N V D E Spencer, Stanford
E W Gilmore, L Ang G B McCord. Hanford
E E Walling & w, N V M R Blair, Sacto
J O'Donnell, Pa F Wlckman, S Jose
W H Dickson, Pa W L Stewart, Cal
Mrs Wandesford. Cal H S Allen. Or
Mrs Kersey. Haywards J Cutting, Stockton
E H Ingham, Eugene |D W Burchard, S Jose
W Pike, Fresno iMrs R Fraser, Ind
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
(V C Dv Bois. S Cruz H P Ellis & w, Skagy
WC Dv Bols, S Crux VV S Goodman, Sonora
E C Williams. S Jose J Alexander. Mass
Mrs L Jacobson, Cal H P Cummins. Pa
C Elmer. Va W Reid. Seattle
J C Shaw. Washington iW H Mascher & f,
R H Harmon. Pa I Los Angeles ,
E Drew & w. Idaho J L Hendrlcks.F Bragg
J Worth. Seattle P J Murtha. Tacoma
J Barnett. Milwaukee J E Hall. Sacto
P Conway, Idaho ,1 T Baker. Ohio
. ♦ .
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Arrived March 23— Br ship James
Kerr. from H'.ogo; bark Lev! G Burgess hence
Ma'ch 14.
Balled March 22— Stmr Al-Kl. for Alaska
stmr Elihu Thomson, for Honolulu
PORT BLAKELET- Arrived March 23— Br
Bark Dominion, from Port Ludlow; schr En
deavor, from Tacoma; schr Wawona, from
Newport.
Sailed March 23— Ship Shenandoah, for .
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed March 23-Stmr Ma
jestic, for New York; stmr Belgenland. for
Phlladedlphla.
NEW YORK-Sailed March 23— Stmr Bremen,
for Bremen, via Southampton.
Arrived March 23— Stmr Noordland, from
Antwerp; stmr Spaarndarn. from Rotterdam.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Pall, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
«16 Larkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth: opea
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1, K. __ ■*.
T.. Masonic Temple* Post and Mont- "fife*
gomery sts. — Regular assembly THIS ITJj
(FRIDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. HMD
Order of the Red Cross. All fraters are V
cordially invited. •--..-■
SIR JOHN P. FRASER. Em. Com.
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
I'ERBA BUENA Lodge of Perfection
No. I— Regular meeting THIS (FRI- ?£
DAY) EVENING, March 24, at 8 A
o'clock. D. 4. is*
GEO. J. HOBE. Secretary. <__&
PAST MASTERS' Association of Call- *
fornia — officers and members are J\^
requested to attend the funeral of our VjF
deceased brother, JOHN CHRISTIAN 'V\
GERHARD BRUSE, Past Master of Crockett
Lodge No. 139. F. and A. M.. THIS DAY
(FRIDAY). March 24, 1899, at 1:30 o'clock p.
m., from Masonic Temple. By order of the
President. L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary-
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and A. a
Called meeting THIS (FRIDAY) _JV_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. .<.■■■■■ /»_3c
degree. By order of the Worshipful l^f »
Master. WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139. F. and A. m
M.— Officers and member 3 are re- ~f\ w
quested to attend the funeral of our jLjt
deceased brother, JOHN CHRIST. /V>
GERH. BRUSE. P. M., from Masonic Tem-
ple on FRIDAY, the 24th inst., at 1:30 p. m.
By order of the W. M.
H. FORTRIEDE, Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216, F. and A. M., m
St. John's Hall, Masonic Temple — _f_.
Called meeting THIS (FRIDAY) JfLjf
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third /V>
degree. Master Masons are cordially invited.
By order of the W. M.
J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
EUREKA Grove No. 4, U. A. O. D —
The officers and the funeral commit- rty
tee of the above Grove are hereby noti- • ZLH -
fled to assemble at Druids' Hall. 413 Put-
ter St., on FRIDAY, March 24, at 1 o'clock
p. m., to attend the funeral of .our late
brother, P. A. J. D. G. HOFFMAN. By
order. CHAS. QUAST, Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting— The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Western Sugar Refining
Company will be held at the office of the
company. 327 Market st., San Francisco, Cal.,
on MONDAY, the 27th day of March. 1599. at
the hour of 12 m., for the purpose of electing
a board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on FRIDAY.
March 17, 1599. at 12 m.
ROBERT OXNARD, Secretary.
MEET to-day at UNCLE HARRIS', 1", Grant
aye., to borrow money on any old thing.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d at.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5520.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 91 of th«
Oceanic Steamship Company (fifty cents per
share) will be payable lat the office of the
company. 327 Market street, on and after
Saturday, April 1. ISM. Transfer books will
close on Saturday, March 25. 1899, at 13
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED — FEMALE.
SWEDISH chambermaid and seamstress, best
of city reference, desires a situation. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 316 Slitter st.
INTELLIGENT, educated lady, 30 years of age,
wants position as companion and helper to
lady or gentleman; is a good reader and
writer, cheerful and obliging. Address box
1178. Call office.
WOMAN, thorough and competent, would like
a position as housekeeper in hotel or family;
no objection to the country; best of refer-
ences. Call or address A. A., 517 Ninth St.,
Oakland. '
POSITION wanted to care for invalid or sick
persona; is good seamstress, good cook or
lady's maid or housekeeper; good reference;
short distance In country. 622 Stockton st.
RESPECTABLE lady, good cook, kind to chil-
dren, wishes position as housekeeper. Call
between 1 and 3 at Golden West Hotel, Ellis
si., room 125.
WOMAN to work by the day washing and
house cleaning; 75c per day. Address or call
550 Mission St.
WANTED — student, place to earn her
board; not more than 5 blocks from Market
and Fourth sts. Address box 1202, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED lady would like position as
housekeeper or take care of lodging house;
good seamstress. 36S Eleventh st.
WOMAN desires a situation to assist in gen-
eral housework. Apply 1314*_ Harrison st.
BORROW money on diamonds, silver, sealskins,
silks.. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes position to do
general housework. 17 Howard st.
PROTESTANT, trustworthy elderly lady
wishes light housework In a nice, small fam-
ily. Address 431 Precita aye. ■.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly lady
usework in a nice, small fam-
l Precita aye.
tar 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SITUATIONS WANTED—
JAPANESE emplymt office; help; farm hands,
domestics. ITO. 725 Geary St.; tel. Polk 12.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 42«.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 56.
GERMAN couple wish positions on ranch or
dairy; man experienced rancher and dairy-
man; wife good cook and housekeeper; ref-
erences. 101 Prospect place.
POSITION as meatcutter. city or country, or
other hotel work. B. MOONEY, 523 Kearny
St., Tremont House.
RELIABLE, industrious gardener; understands
the care of horses, milking, lawn, flowers,
vegetables, chicken raising; around private
place; city or country. Box 1157, Call office.
REFINED, earnest, willing young man. Uni-
versity graduate, wishes employment office,
store, private home, as valet: willing to do
anything: references. Box 1157, Call. office.
NED, earnest, willing young man, Unl-
ity graduate, wishes employment office,
?. private home, as valet; willing to do
hing; references. Box 112 S. Call,
TWO first-class general tailors from Boston
wish situations; 10 years' experience in Bos-
ton. 237 Minna St., room B.
MONEY to loan you on watches, guns, musical
instruments. UNCLE HARRIS. IS Grant aye.
FIRST-CLASS cake baker and ornamenter
wants situation. 480 Jessie st.
MAN and wife (colored) wish position, sep-
arate or tog-ether;- man as butler, waiter,
porter. Janitor or coachman; wife as cook or
any housework: best references; city or
country. Box 1142, Call. .
AN experienced vineyardist and wife would
like situation; understands wine making and
farming thoroughly. Address A. CAS-
SAGNES, 813 Jessie st.
WANTED— situation by a middle-aged man
as gardener and man about place; under-
stands the raising of vegetables; good ref-
erences. M. Box 1149. Call.
GOOD all-around hotel or restaurant cook
wants position; no objection to country. Box
1152, Call.
JAPANESE boy who has many years' experi-
ence in retouching photographs wants situa-
tion. S. 1., 22 Prospect place.
MAN and wife desire employment on ranct*
man to do ranch work and wife to do cook-
ing or to take care of a place. J. E. 8.. box
1139, Call. ■
MAN, thoroughly understands gardening, care
of horses, cows, chickens and handy with
tools, references, desires situation; private
place. H. G. ZOOT, Redwood City, Cnl.
"WANTED— Situation as valet or attendant to
invalid by thoroughly reliable, steady Eng-
lishman; well educated: good manners and
appearance. Address TRAVELER, box 1091,
Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1,5,0 night; $1 50 to «
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
. and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
C. R. H : ANSEN " & CO Phone Grant
2 waitresses, Santa Cruz, $20, see party here
10 a. m 8 waitresses, different country ho-
tels $20 and $25; 4 chambermaids to wait,
city and country. $20: 2 waitresses, city, $20;
2 waitresses, $15: •chambermaid. $20. sleep
home. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FAMILY ORDERS. ~ fc~
Cook, $30; houseglrl and laundress. $2o; sec-
ond girl and waitress, Alameda, $25; second
and nurse girl, $20, and many cooks and
housegirls, $15 to $25; nursegirl with refer-
ences in hotel, $12; houseglrl, San Leandro,
$20, see party here. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
. 104 Geary st. .
WOMAN with grown daughter as working
housekeeper on ranch in Nevada; only men,
to cook for; $35; see party here; fare ad-
vanced. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary at.HELP W iXTLJ- Continued.
NORTH German nurse, $.5: English, Scotch or ■
North of Ireland nurse, $2o ; 3 waitresses and
parlor maids, $25; 2 Protestant second girls;
4 cooks in American aid German families,
Sis an-3 J3O; and a lartre number of girls .
for housework. J. F. (SETT £ CO.. 315
Sutter st. |
: WAITRESSES, hotels and restaurants. $20,
tii and S6 week; waitress, small Institution, :
$15; and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
316 Sutter st. i
FOUR Waitresses, country hotels, $20. HOTEL !
GAZETTE. 420 Kearny st :
WANTED I—Young1 — Young girl to assist in light housed
work ar.J take care of a three-year-old child. !
17Co Bruderick st. ;
GIRL fcr light housswork; family of 2; sleep
at hcrne for present; wages $5. lIS Fell st. |
FIRST-CLASS finishers on custom pants. 541
M_rk' ?t st.
' ,-. WANTED^-First-c'.ass tailoress; steady work. '
■•„•; COHN. 352 Sutter st.
•' GERMAN girl; waiting and second work. 83« ,
, Valencia St.. bakery.
JOB compositor. 10 Stevenson st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on ladles' cloaks and
suits. I. VISHOOTS. 810 Howard st.
BORROW money on your valuables; private en-
trar.ee. ladles. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
5 INTELLIGENT ladies; good salary. Gregory
Mock. Oakland, room 45: hours 2 to 4.
GIRL to mind baby. $6 to JS; one who sleeps
__ me preferred. L>3? O'Farrell st.
WANTED— A rich contralto. MARGARET
JACKSON, studio. 523 Turk st.
HELP WANTED 31.- L.E.
MURRAY & READY Phone Mai:.
WANT TO-DAY
Tools advanced t">>r 25 woodchoppers: 2 labor-
ers. $1 50 day. city work; young man to ride
h.->rsefcack and carry mail. J2I" 1 ; boy for coun-
try butcher shop, $15 and found; milker and
farm hand, $20; 15 farm, orchard and vlne-
. . yard hands; choreman fcr Institution; boiier-
}• - tnaker. country; men to cultivate hop fields
on shares.
....FOR HOTELS AND RESTAURANT
6 cooks, different places, $30 and JSo; wait-
ers, city an! country: ncr, etc MURRAY
_ READY, 834-4 Clay St.
. C R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant ISS
Cook, $15 a week; lur.ch cook and porter, $25:
third ccck, $30; hand laundrytnan. country j
hotel. $25; working head waiter, $3').
5 Scandinavian labortrs for the woods. $30
and found.
Laborers, railroad work, ship to-day; cabi-
net-maker, steady work for a ' middle-aged
man. $20 and found, country hotel. C. R.
HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— 2 quartz miners. $2 50 day; 3 drift
gravel miners, $40 ar. i board: carman for
rr.lne, $30 and board; machinist for country.
$2 50 day ji ci-oks. waiters and others. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 623 Sacramento st.
SECOND cook. $4<\ kitchen man. $15, country
hotel; E«?e bees here. HOTEL GAZETTE, 420
K-:arny st.
WANTED— Steady, sober man to attend to old-
established cash commission business; must
have $200 cash and be satisfied with $75 per
month. Apply at 1'".7- Market ft.
"WANTED— A good short-order cook for lunch
Counter: must understand pastry work also;
wages $30 per month and found to begin with.
Address Cook, IX'X 1165. Call office. ;
GOOD shoemaker wanted; must be quick at re-
pairing also new work; constant Job; good
wages to steady man. WILLIS, 1308 Park St..
Alair.eda.
BARBER wanted; steady. 797 Mission st.. cor-
ner Fourth.
NEWSPAPER printer with $350 capital can
form good connections. Address box 1164. Call.
COATMAKKR tor country. Apply PwEISS
BROTHERS. 24 Sutler St.
JAPANESE boy for second work, country. $25.
fc^.42l Sutter st.
EXPERIENCED plumber's helper wanted. H.
rFSHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
YOUNG active man as partner: fSO cash; big
money: Investigate. Ro^m 19. 40 Ellis st.
.. ■ " JO3 compositor: --ing man. 10 Stevenson et.
DISHWASHER. Panel Restaurant. £2S Fourth
/ ' ■ street
." FIRST-^LASS Siarkeeper. Apply at 2* Stock-
ten St.. bet. 10 and 12 a. m.
W WTED Second foreman (milk bread).
"- Rutz's Bakery. 536 Valencia _-
. BARBER to buy shop in Oakland; cheap. Ad-
:. ■". gresg box ?7. Call office. Oakland. |
[ . •■ TAILORS— Coat and pants makers wanted for
'/. th* country. Apply to STEIN. SIMON _ CO..
•■;.-> Market ar,.i Second sts.
L : -BOY to learn trade. California Phcto-Engrav-
:.. . ing Co.. 513 Market at.
•B\RBER shop for sale at a sacrifice; - chairs;
■*'. l!ic and 25c. Inquire at 2045 Mission st. _
'■■ FOR sale— l-chair barber shop on account of
I- d-?ath" go---i living assured. Inquire at sa-
loon. S. W. cor. Steuart and Howard sts.
lliv. 000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, jewelry.
1 pianos: silver. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
LVDIES' tailor wanted for country! good
wages to right man; must be sober rapid,
thoroughly proficient in all details and first-
class operator. Apply at STEIN, SIMON &
CO.'S. .
RECRUITS wanted for the Ur.ited States Ma-
rine Corps. United States navy: abl^- bo4 ' e^
. unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 3»
years. who are citizens of the United btates.
or t v .n<= e who have legally declared their In-
tention to become such; must be of good
character er.d .bits and able to speak read
feet a
. -r in-
formation apply at the Recruiting office. 40
Ellis it.. San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor still
ruM Denver House. 217 Third st. ; ISO large
ro£mg L 2sc_per night; $1 to ______J__fg___.
.-V ANTED— Men to learn the barber trade ;
■ •'• • \_mmer rates or percentage terms. 1042 Mkt.
-' •*. BAILORS, green hands, blacksmiths and car-
• . .center* for steam whalers: seamen wanted at
.LANE'S, 5€4 Davis St., near Jackson.
" " mPB r R'S Progressive Union; free employ-
' ni'tH Bernard. Sec. J Jo_7_hj tel. Jessie 1164.
HOBSON House. 417 — Rooms from 25c
to 50c; $1 to $3 per week.
' to MEN" to go on whaling cruise; no experl-
;.i { esce "required. HERMAN'S. -6 Steuart st.
MEN nd women to learn barber trade at S. F.
"-..'. Barter College. 13Stt Eighth st.
'■ 6 INGLE sunny furnished room. $2 50 a month.
••• Lindell House. Sixth and Howard sta.
\ MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50: men's
so'lelng. 35c: only one price. 523 Howard st.
.-■ EINGLE rooms, 15c. SOc. 23c per night; 75c $1
to $2 60 wk. Eicho House. Sb3^ Market st.
WANTED To collect waxes due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
" -■ EINGLE furnished fine large sunny and airy
• roont 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis St.
■ _pY Ac—" House 967 Market st . below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; _ a week.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: »00 rooms 2- .c night: reading room; free
' 'bug and baggage Xo and from the ferry.
:]' " AGENTS W ANTED.
_w_.— vt 3 and merchants wanted in every city
to "sell the patent Economy Shirt Bosom;
".'"• reversible; four styles In one bosom; quick
'«_lea and good profits; samples mailed upon
" ' •• rec'ipt of 25c7 ECONOMY SHIRT BOSOM
• ■ CO., Baltimore, Md.
WAITED— trustworthy men to can-
s . vass and collect; good income assured, with
great opportunity for advancement. Apply -8
: to & a. m 4 to 8 p. m., W. BROWNE. 511 |
- . -Montgomery at.
'-LAMES and gents, full Urns for each; quick
■' BeUers: good profits. 343 C San Jose aye., near
'•■" ".-•Twenty-sixth et.
.' PARTNERS WASTED.
° i^ia?TNEß^wanteil with $2« caab to Join old
••;•• prospector in Porcupine district of Alaska.
••AddrV" H. P. ELLI3. 801 Post, or call; rm. 8.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
•_y~>ARD and room In well-kept email boarding-
rfcouse or • private residence. Address box
. • '.'ll*o, Call office.
: .» ' MISCELLANEOUS.
. °_co 1 bicycle or Incubator for San Pedro Har-
*bor lot? cost $350. Box 101, Call. Oakland.
■WANTED— IO-bore gun, partly trained dog.
- c $300 Flllniore St.. drug store.
• ■ TED— Soldiers' additional scrip: forest re-
s^rve scrip. Address J. -E-. 923^. Shotwell st.
■WANTED— Housekeeping rooms where wife
.j tan assist for rent. Address Vi .. box 10, Call.
o WANTED— 2 or 3 horsepower gas engine; state
'•' .price.- Box 1141. Call.
WANTED— IO tons old rubber, all kinds. Ad- I
:„ °.-o dress S. F. Iron Yard. 204 Mission st.
°Vt". PHYSICIANS.
"'MRS DBS. DONOVAN, 621 Hayes St.; all
. ••. kinds of womb trouble a specialty; diseases
• .* ; of the eye treated by herbs.
••-••• REMOVAL notice— Dr. C. C. O'Donnell. office
•••„•■.. «_<_ residence, 1021 1 ,. Market, bet. 6th and 7th.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— sl2«^CoißNEß~groce"rT_n_bar; 1 block from'
City Hall: 5 years' lease; a good paying busi-
ness; established for years; new stock; best
class of custom; owner to make a trip to ,
Germany. ' WILKE _ UNFUG. 906 Market. I
A— s4o0 — SALOON; doing a splendid business; j
best down-town location; California and ,
Montgomery sts.: rent $45. Call WILKK _
UNFUG, SO6 Market st.
$1800— TRANSFER corner saloon; 18 furnished I
rooms: $ pianos; ca*h register, safe, etc.; ;
clearing about $175 per month; large stock
of liquors; sickness cause of a great bargain.
VJLKE & INFIX;. 906 Market Bt.
CIGAR stand, Stockton and Market sts. 1
WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
$150— BRANCH bakery with 4 living rooms; i
rent $20; on McAllister St.; dally receipts,
$10. WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market St.
$1000— SALOON with 9 furnished rooms; estab- j
lished many years: always been money-mak- ■
ing place; best location; close to California on
Kvarny st.; rent low. Particulars WILKE
_; UNFUG. 90« Market st. j
$1250— ATTENTION grocers; the best paying j
corner grocery and bar in this city; estab-
lished for many years and doing first-class j
paying cash store and bar trade; choicest \
location; close to Baldwin Hotel; owner
must leave for Europe on account of family
affairs: a great sacrifice. Address box 400,
Call office.
SALOON, receipts $25.
$900— Saloon, receipts $15 to $20.
$S50 — Saloon, receipts $15.
Good locations: best bargains in city. NA-
TIONAL AGENCY. 7 Grant aye. !
$500— BARBER shop; 6 chairs; clears $100; sell- i
ing acc't sickness. Nat' l Agency. 7 Grant aye. '
SALOON and lunch counter; receipts $7;
rent $20. NATIONAL AGENCY. 7 Grant aye.
$200— DINING parlor; nicely fitted; will clear j
$73; _< d place for man and wife or 2 ladies.
NATIONAL AGENCY, 7 Grant aye. |
$5000— PARTNER wanted, manufacture ladies' j
cloaks; money used to enlarge present suc-
cessful business; a fortune io be made in a j
few years. Western Investment Co.. 9 Geary. \
$200— PARTNER, light business; $ls a week; no
experience required; trial given; see it. West-
ern Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
$450— SALOON; $S clear a day; sickness. West-
ern Investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
$200— BARBER shop; elegantly furnished, good
! trade. Western Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
$2500— HOTEL: near city; paying; established
business; trial given. McLAUGHLIN _; CO., I
777 Market st.
FOR business chances, rooming-houses, city
and country real estate, bonds, stocks, loans,
etc.. call on CLARK * CO., room 50». Ex-
aminer butldi
GROCERY and bar. well stocked. Seventeenth
and Noe. for sale, cheap; established 12
years; low rent, store and 3 living rooms;
lease obtainable; store and Inventory open
for inspection. For particulars apply on
premises or to CURTIN <!_ DEAL'S, room 24.
3d floor. Mills building.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches. Jewels,
silver, pianos, guns, sealskins, silks, paint-
ings, at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
HAVE $200) to invest in established, paying
business; best references given and required.
Addrese box 11&0. Call office.
GOOD chance for provision delicatessen stand
in a new market; Just opened. Cor. Fourth
and Natoma ets.
LADY partner wanted; half interest; $50 per
week Insured; $750 required. Baslle. S73^ Mkt.
$175— LODGING-HOUSE, 9 rooms; well fur-
nished; full; a genuine bargain. 1055 Market.
$2'»—PARTN'ERSHIP in good paying business;
$75 per month each. 1027 Vi Market, upstairs.
BARBER shop in prosperous country town;
6 living rooms; rent $12. Apply 2303 Howard.
PARTY with $5000 can purchase interest in cor-
poration having monopoly on valuable staple
and secure an agency worth that amount a
year. Principals may address box 1161. Call
office, for interview; no particulars given by
mail; this opportunity is strictly bona fide
and only open a few days.
FOR eale. cheap— A well-established oyster
h ouse. 336% Sixth St.
WHEEL of fortune at great bargain. Inquire
at 104 Seventh st.
FOR sale ßest centrally located barber shop
In San Jose: proprietor being otherwise en-
gaged will sell at a great sacrifice. Address
A. F. NOFTZ, 26 Fountain St., San Jo&e, Cal.
OLD-ESTABLISHED blacksmith shop for sale.
with stock and tools. Inquire 630 Broadway.
FOR sale— A neat restaurant at 129 Fourth st. ;
$125. .
SHOE shop that will pay $3 50 per day; no
cheap work; low rent. 332 Bush st.
$300— HORSESHOEING shop; good location;
departure cause sale. McL___ v :;in. 777 Mkt.
SALOON for pale In good country, to wti; corner
lot; property— good stock of liquors, cigars
and fixtures; price asked $2000. For particu-
lars inquire of W. SCHMALZ. 220 Kearny.
corner Hardie place, basement saloon, city.
FOR sale on account of sickness, florist and
nursery stock, greenhouse and heating ap-
paratus, doing business of $15 to $25 a day, or
will exchange for real estate across the bay.
Apply 800 Haight st.
$3SO— RESTAURANT : worth $1000; selling on
account of death in family; receipts $30 per
day; located in 200- room hotel; owner going
to "Europe ; no agents. Call 933 Kearny st.
FOR sal» cheap; must be sold; grocery, wood,
coal, hay and feed business.; whole or sepa-
rate. Apply northeast corner Valley and Do-
lores sts.
WANTED— A few good men with $1008 cash
each to Join in a first-class business; $10,000
a year income to each. Box 1106, Call office.
A— buy or sell your business quick for cash.
Apply to MOON & CO.. IGWJ4 Market et.
SALOON and restaurant, city front; 14 fur- [
rushed rooms; large yard; rent $25. Apply
Call office.
DELICACY and dairy produce store doing a
good business for sale. Box 1137 Call office.
BAKERY '.- country town; good store trade: 4
horses and 2 wagons; $12-00. Apply Call office.
FINE restaurant: fine fixtures; good location;
will sell less than Invoice. Call office.
JOHN REDLEY— Leaving for Europe, desires
to sell his tailoring business. including stock
and good will. 340 Third st.
$1000— COSMOPOLITAN Hotel business: Peta-
luma, Cal.; 44 rooms; well furnished, and bar.
FOR sale— Dry goods business. Address P. O.
box 112, Benicla, Cal.
SALOON. Inquire Anchor Brewery, after 3 p.
m.. or at 636 Third St.
$150— LIGHT manufacturing business; clears
$100 per month. Box 1093, Call office.
SALOON, good paying, business quarter. Ap-
ply book store, cor. Clay and Montgomery-
COFFEE and tea route* supplied from GEO.
W. A SWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
H. C DECKER
Office, 1020 MARKET ST.
11-room house In Angels Camp at a bargain.
15-rcom house; central; $100 cash $300
SO rooms: rent 190; on Mission st 1300
54-room house: clears $300 2000
17 rooms; on Sixth et 430
8-room flat; cheap rent 175
2S-room house; clears $150 550
24-room house; new furniture 14' )
16-room house; fine corner 1000
14-room house; new and good SCO
16-room; fine corner; must sell 900
11-room house: clears $75 600
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE call
on H. C, DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. sth.
17- ROOM house: worth $S00; If taken to-day $450
will buy it. DECKER, 1020 Market St.
A— RE DO & CO 22H GEARY
MONEY ADVANCED ON ALL HOUSES.
100 rooms; 10c, 15c, 20c; clears $300 $5000
65 rooms; best on Fourth st. ; half cash.. 2400
49 rooms; Geary St.; will pay for itself... 1800
28 rooms; housekeeping; clears $100 80")
16 rooms; Post St.; all full; cheap rent... 850
6 rooms; new and clean; clears $25 300
6-rocm flat; Geary St.; elegant house 400
40-ROOM lodging house: good location; owner
has run it for 10 years; compelled to sell
account of other business: a bargain: cheap
refit. Call 817 Third st. ,
PRIVATE rooming house. 19 rooms, partly fur-
nished In housekeeping flats; all full: sunny:
central: $500. Box 843. Call office. Oakland.
HYDE, 299—25 rooms; nicely furnished; 30 to
40 boarders; lease; cheap rent; good-paying
house; fine location; no triflers.
24 ROOMS in good location: always full; price
$500. Inquire DICK YON DER MEHDEN,
83 Fourth st.
TO buy a lodging-house, borrow the money of
UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
SIXTH 420— rooms, all rented, for sale
cheap; good reason for selling: pays well.
CHEAPEST end best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS paces, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postagepaM
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 3 rooms, complete for house-
keeping; cheap. 622 Howard.
4~ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
SEWING MACHI .ES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold; ,
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45. j
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re- j
palrifs at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. I
THE SA_> FRATSTCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 24, 1899.
PERSONALS. n -__^_^
LINCOLN BROTHERS.
Butter. 250 roll; picnic hams, 7Hc 1b: cheese, \
12'ic Ib; flour, S&C sack; commeal,-20c sack;
20 lbs rice, $1; 25 can? sardines, $1; 10 cans
table fruit, $1; 25 lbs prunes, pears, pearl bar-
ley or split peas. $1: tomatoes, SOc dozen; 8
lbs coffee, $1. LINCOLN BROTHERS, 228
Sixth st., above Folsom.
LEDERER'S Qulnonla Hair Tonic, the finest
hair food, Xc bottle. LEDERER'S Foamo.
the best shampoo. 5c pkg. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER the leading hairdresser, price 25c;
longest hair rolls, only 35c; stock of fine wigs
to be closed out, $<: wigs for $2 50; must go;
switches, 11. 123 Stockton st
JOHN L BOONE, Patent. Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Bend for Circular. Patents Solicited.
WRINKLES removed a specialty at the new
and handsome quartern. Harmonic Life In-
stitute. 708 Sutter Bt., near Taylor; consulta-
tion free; receptions every Monday and
Thursday from 2 to 3 p. m.
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. near Market; 200 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $.« per week;
free 'bus ana baggage to and from the ferry.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; no electricity
or strong medicines; treatment simple and
effective. 1128 Sutter Bt. MRS. CLAYTON.
OPERA bangs and switches, 50c up: this week
only: artistic opera dressing. La Verlte Hair-
dressing Parlors, 30 Geary; phone red 3733.
CITY OF PARIS laundry removed from 119
Stockton st. to 331 Geary. MME. JAUSSAUD.
THE genuine misfit, 272 Fifth St.: $30 and $40
suits at your own price; perfect fit guaranfd.
PRIVATE residence for ladles In delicate
health. MRS DR. FUNKE. 1416 «th. Alameda.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no In-
jection ;guarntd.Dr.Gordin,sl4 Pine.ab.Keamy
DR. F. YON BUELOW has removed from 522
Valencia to 1206 Market et., rooms 9 and 10.
BATHS, 12Hc: 30 porcelain tubs: separate en-
; trance for ladies; lady attendant. 34 Fourth.
FOLDING beds $« 50; bedrm sets <-: bed loung-
es $4 £0; open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN, 121 6th.
A— Ladies' or g-ent's -. furniture, bought.
I sold; tel. Mint ?97. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
! BERWIN & GASSNER, furriers, formerly on
Post St., removed to store 110 Kearny st.
1 A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
! SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMO3. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and -h.
DRESSMAKERS.
DRESSMAKER— Offered agency; newest dress
I cutting system; big profits. J. G.. box 11S1.
; Call office.
: SILK or cloth dresses made. $3up;dresses made
over; perfect fit.. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader: medical clairvoyant: treat all pri-
! vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings. $1. 232 Stockton et.
1 MRS. SOPHIA SEIP. spirit seer. 1724 Market
St.. near Polk; counsel, 50c; by letter, SOc;
i meetings every night. 10c.
i MRS. HARLAND'S c!»cle' to-night; articles
i read; prophetic tests; 10c; sit. daily. 120 6th.
s C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance.
I 8 p. m., 25c 403 Leavenworth st.
i MRS. ELLIS, tests to all: Tues.-Fri.. 2 p. m. :
Men., 8: _sc; sittings, $1. 233 Valencia- st.
' MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
! MRS. MENA FRANCES, Independent slate
1 writing medium. lIS Halght st
CLAIRVOYANTS.
I ARRIVED— Extraordinary good news for all;
MME. E. CURLEY has permanently located
at 337 Geary St.. bet. Powell and Mason. Her
success as a medium has startled the entire
world. Her power is acknowledged by press
and public to be of the highest order. She
advise* you to a certainty by a higher than
human power. Her parlors are thronged by
anxious people looking for important infor-
mation, and every reply is most gratifying;
all are pleased. Without a question she tells
each caller their name and for what they
came. She gives advice on business, specu-
lation, lawsuits, old estates, love, courtship
_-. i marriage — everything. The unfortunate
and troubled should seek her counsel and
start aright. Positively no attention paid to
letter unless $1 accompanies. 9 a. m. to 9:30
p. m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond sight: diagnoses disease; full life read-
ing: ladles, EOc; gents, $1; sit.. $150. 126 Turk.
I OYPSY lit- reader rives true readings: ladies,
I 25c; gents. 60c 1063 Mission St.. near Seventh.
\ BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE— Clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush St., rooms 9 and 10.
■ MME MORE AU. the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
! MME AUGUST. 1150 Mission St.: clairvoyant
and palmist: truth or no pay: 25c.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist.
11l Kearny Ft., rooms 9 and 10.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently: business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME SYBILLE. cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil Count St. Ger-
maine, 339S Twenty-first st., above Valencia;
tel. White 1571; reading by mall, $1.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
' SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently remove- by
electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH, 2115 Bush
et. : 15 years* experience; references given.
DENTISTS.
DR. T. 8. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors.
~ Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; Inferior
work done on the teeth is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold filling from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC, 600 Mar-
ket St., corner Fourth, room 7. Flood building,
you can have your extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns, $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up- office hours, 9a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday,
9 to 2 p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D.,
Manager.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin: guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; filling, 50c: crowns. $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges. $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes: no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH without plates a specialty: full set of
teeth, $5; crowns, $3; fillings. We: all work
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental
Parlors, 8 Mason st.. corner of Market.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors: guaranteed
work: lowest prices; ten operators: open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
' i>R LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fi'.llng3 a
specialty: all work reasonable; gas given.
! SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, IS4I Polk st.
| LOWEST prices in S. F. : painless extraction
I guarntd. N. Y. Dentist, 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
I PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny; set of teeth,
$4; filling, gold, 50c; silver, 25c; crowns. $3.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
; 16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
LOST.
$5 REWARD— water spaniel dog: name
"Nig": weighs about 60 pounds. Call 779
Market Bt.
] WHITE greyhound bitch, with blanket. Return
I to 1231 Market St.: reward.
$10 REWARD— brown setter pup; dog 4
months old. Return 891 Capp et.
STRAYED from 1040 Dolores St.— A black setter
pup, 1 year old. Return to above address and
receive reward. There is a scar on dog
known only to owner which will be means of
Identification. CHARLES F. STONE.
LOST— Lady's gold watch, marked inside of
cover "Nellie F. Kemp from H. F. Marsh."
Return H. F. Marsh Jr.. 52S Market: reward.
LOST— 2 solitaire diamond rings Sunday night
at or near Third and Bryant sts.: liberal re-
ward. Return to 451'-_ Bryant st.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbemla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of AUGUST SCHUTT. No. 222-825. The
finder will please return to bank.
! OLD gold, diamonds, silver and pianos bought:
I highest prices paid. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
HORSES.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness ; Grand Arcade Horse Market.
127 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FINE laundry, bakers', milk wagons; 3 bug-
gies; 2 extra fine delivery wag. 828 Harrison.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Talsom st.
HOUSES TO LET. .„
I * -*-~>~
■ 195—233) SACRAMENTO St.. near Buchanan;
furnished modern sunny house of 9 rooms
and bath Apply SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE
„ CO., 218-220 Montgomery st.
! GOLDEN GATE. 1915— Eleeant house of S
■ rooms; nearly new; $&>. .
I HOUSE, 6 rooms and bath. . 707 Ellis St., near
. comer of Larkln.
' HOUSE to let; 6 rooms. 23V4 Morris aye.. near
' Sixth and Harrison Bts.
i OUR rent department goes to your home: get
printed list of houses from BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st. -
COTTAGES TO LET.
$650 WILL build 4- room bay-window cottage;
will call. GEO. M. SAX— BURY, bulld«r. 621
X St.. Sunset District.
_ L.AT 9 TO LET.
: CLAY 1415 A, bet. Leavenworth and Hyde—
First-class sunny flat, 8 rooms and bath; ex-
! tra room in basement; rent reduced very low.
4073 TWENTY-THIRD St.. near Castro; upper
sunny 5 rooms; $15.
657 Noe at., corner Nineteenth; upper 5 rooms;
$17.
47 Pond St.; upper sunny 6 rooms; $14.
- OUR rent department goes, to your home; get
printed list of flats from BALDWIN _ HOW-
ELL. 10 Montgomery st.
1 RAUSCH. 1S».« and 20%, respectively— 2 flats of
; 3 sunny rooms; rent $8 50. Apply 38 usch.
SHOTWELL. 811, near Twenty-second— Flat of |
4 rooms and bath.
' LADIES' private entrance, polite attention, at
UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant are.
UPPER flat, 5 rooms and bath, 6>t Dearborn.
oft* 17th, between Valencia and Guerrero.
$3—3 SUNNY rooms: 637 Bryant St. Keys 401 !
Third st. I
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT^Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house: modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms. SOc to $1 60 day. MRS. J. KING.
CHESTNUT, 293— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping; cheap; fine view and sun; no email
children.
FOLSOM. 776^—2 connecting rooms for house-
keeping, with stove; also single room. $4.
', FULTON, 671—3 furnished rooms for house-
keeping; $13.
GEARY, 1505—3 large sunny rooms, connecting,
gas range, bath, closet. $16.
GRANT aye.. 15— The most respectable place
' to borrow money on your valuables.
MARKET. 19405, cor. Halght-2 housekeeping
rooms. $10, other rooms. $1 per week; sunny.
MINNA. 646— Furnished rooms, complete for
housekeeping; large yard.
MISSION, H) Large sunny room: complete
for housekeeping, $2; small rooms. $1.
MISSION, Three sunny connecting, fur-
nished rooms, kitchen, bath; reasonable.
NINTH, 20, near Market— Front bay-window
suite: ga£, water, stove; $12.
POWELL. Housekeeping- rooms, front and
back room.
STOCKTON, 1307— furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
THIRD. 340—2 rooms complete for housekeep-
ing, $1 50 per week.
TWELFTH. 23OC— Nicely furnished front house-
keeping rooms; private family; if as stove; se-
lect locality.
! VALENCIA. 102S— rooms complete for light
] housework: $11.
ROOMS TO LET.
i ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
eunny rcc-ms; en suite or single; flr_t-cl_»s
in every respect: terms reasonable.
AT Stockton. 242— Sunny front rooms; elites,
single, facing plaza; day or month.
: AT 52 Second— Double rooms, per wk.. $1 50 to
$3; single. $1 to $1 50; night. 25c to 50c.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rooms, suites, single: al»o unfurnished.
BUSH, 634. The La Mar— Newly furnished
sunny rooms en suite or single; reasonable.
■ GEARY, 736, near Leavenworth— 2 neatly fur-
nished rooms; bath: $4 and $5.
i GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
1 HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select family
'■ rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
LINDEN aye.. 255— 2 light sunny housekeeping
rooms; water; bath; rent $10.
• LOANS made on trunks, pianos, paintings,
statuary, bric-a-brac, furniture, valises, guns.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
MASON, 225— Nicely furnished sunny bay-win-
! dow rooms. $2 a week up; also transient.
' MCALLISTER, 677— Furnished rooms; also
housekeeping first flat; cheap.
O'FARRELL 20— Sunny furnished rooms: ele-
vator; electric lights; day. week or month.
O'FARRELL. 902— Large sunny parlor suite
and front alcove, prettily furnished; private.
i PINE. 514 A. n»ar Kearny— Nicely furnished
funny rooms; single en suite; $5 up.
SEVENTH. 192 (Girard House)— Sunny rooms;
■ reasonable; also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth »_.
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SUNNY front room for gentleman only. 226%
Fulton st.
VAN NESS avenue. 904— Newly furnished
front room, $10; also room off parlor.
i CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
j FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up: elegant parlor suite.
' HYDE, 299 — Large sunny rooms, with excel-
lent board; families solicited: reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board; reasonable: table board.
; POST, 60S, near Mason— Pleasant sunny rooms,
with excellent board; meals at all hours.
: IF you're short borrow of the respectable house
of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
BOUTH PARK, 159— Furnished sunny rooms;
very reasonable: private family; board opt'l.
i BUTTER, Nicely furnished rooms over-
looking garden; board: desirable location.
RESTAURANTS.
; PERINI'_. 16 Mason French dinner. 50c;
lunch. 25c or a la carte; prl. rms. for ladies.
CAMPI'S Restaurant: any 2 15c dishes, with
Email coffee. 25c. 106-8 O'Farrell. opp. Orpheum.
' LOMBARDI'S French dinner, 25c; 10 a. in. to 3
p. m. 43 Stockton (old No. 25). nr. O'Farrell.
; WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and ice
cream parlor. 1035 Market.: popular prices.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
: WANTED— ChiId to board: sunny room; good
1 board; best of care: terms $S. Address R. 8.,
Call branch office. 387 Hayes st.
STORES TO LET.
CORNER saloon to let on Sixth st; occupied
by one tenant for twenty years. Apply to
C. S. CAPP & CO., real estate agents, (30
i Market st.
; $25 GROCERY and bar fixtures complete: S.W.
cor. Zoe and Bryant ?ts. Keys 401 Third st.
___________________
OFFICES TO LET.
! MARKET, Large front office to let;
: cheap.
DELINQUENT NOTICES.
DELINQUENT SALE NOTICE— McCaII Sliding
Hinge Window Company. Location of prin-
cipal place of business. San Francisco. Cal.
NOTICE— There is delinquent upon the fol-
lowing described stock, on account of assess-
ment levied on the 14th day of February. A. D.
1539 the several amounts set opposite the
i names of the respective shareholders, as fol-
! lows:
No. No.
Names- Cert. Shares. Am t.
Elvln C. McCall « 10,000 , $500
Elvin C. McCall 7 6.000 300
Elvin C. McCall 8 1,000 50
Elvin C. McCall 9 1.000 50
Clarence C. McCall 18 10,000 600
Clarence C. McCall 11 6.000 300
Clarence C. McCall 13 1.000 50
Clarence C. McCall 13 1.000 50
Michael Sullivan 14 10. 000 600
1 Michael O'Sulllvan 15 6.000 300
1 Michael O'Sulllvan 16 1.000 60
Michael O'Sullivan 17 1.000 50
Jonas Weyl , 18 6,000 300
And in accordance with law and an order of
' the board of directors, made on the 14th day
1 of February, ISM, so many shares of each par-
! eel of such stock as may be necessary will be
1 sold at the office of the company. No. 213
: Golden Gate avenue, San Francisco. Cal.. on
; Tuesday, the 4th day of April, at the hour of
I 12 o'clock m. of said day. to pay delinquent as-
i sessments thereon, together with the costs of
i advertising and expenses of the sale.
ELVIN C. McCALL, Secretary
Office, 215 Golden Gate aye., San Francisco,
; Cal.
" STORAGE.
! P_ERC_;-RUIX)LPH Storage
I Office. 401 Post St., cor. Powell: teL Main 3713.
PIERCE &. TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
j lag, advance, etc. 73S Market; tel. Black 311.
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure: relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day: no Instruments used: cure at office.
15; me In confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by corn-
suiting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. PR. WTETH. 942 Post it, bet.
Hyde and Larkin; hours 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. ; Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour- |
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find in
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home; consultation free and ab-
solutely confidential; satisfaction guaranteed,
without Injury to health, or money refunded
by MRS DR. GWYER, 5* Eddy St.. bet.
Hyde and LarJcln; office hours, 10 to 12. 2 to 4
and 7to ?. Sundays by appointment only.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc ■ babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay: self-cure sent; call or write: free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 1223 Market St.;
pills, II; very strong. $2.
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how long standing:
every woman her own physician; can be sent \
safe and sure: no medicines or instruments j
used: consultation free; traveling parties j
helped instantly and safe treatment guaran-
teed- cure $5; by the well-known specialists
and'ladl»s" physicians for 37 years; see us.
DR. POPPER and DRS.. 318 Kearny st.
A— DR G W. O' DON NELL, world-renowned
femaie specialist, relives monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. ODonnell ha*
treated successfully more cases or irregulari- j
ties than any other physician: never fails to ■
cure: consult him first, save time and money,
treatment can be used at home: consultation
free. Call or write. 1023H Market st.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all j
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no instruments used; guar-
ante«d cure at office, $5: travelers helped in-
stantly: consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market st., between
Mason and Taylor; hours 9 to 5 p. m.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics:
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions:
ladles near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free; j
well-known: reliable, safe and rure: cure In
24 hours guaranteed: any time; maternity j
home: best medical attendance; pills $1; cure j
$5. 1362 Market St., bet. 7th-?th. tel. Mint lt>33. j
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.— Private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attention; terms mod-
erate; regular physician in attendance; con-
sultation free; infants adopted Into good
homes; call before consulting others.
i ALL married ladies know "Seguro." the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay
! st •$1 60. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co.. Ml X st., Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 oO;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late. ;
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
LADlES— lnstant relief for monthly troubles ;
or money back: So up. Dr. Wise. 1113 Market. |
PRIVATE home In confinement; best refs.:
1540H Howard; Mrs. M. Wledemann, midwife.
DR. WONG HIM, herb uoctor.treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason ft.
CHEAPEST and b'«t In America— The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States. pn«trald. for M rxr year.
MUSICAL I.\STRUME>TS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
la good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and butter
■U., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
A FEW good bargains in uprights from $120
up. All guaranteed.
Weber, In fine ord»r.
Esfy, used very little.
Bradford, good as new; Knabe. used seven
months. Easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & CO.. Chickerlng Agents.
10-20 O'Farrell st. "
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S
' 26 28 and 30 OFarrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
' and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
HORNUNG'S pianos praised by all great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of the
day; please examine. 216 McAllister St.
$150— ELEGANT upright; stool, cover; on $5
installments. 1115 Post st.
PIANOS accurately tuned and warranted.
Bend postal card to COOKE. 1081 Howard at.
PIANOS at auction prices to realize advances
and storage. Wilson's Storage Rms., 1710 Mkt.
' NEW pianos, stool and scarf, $3 per mo. rental.
ECOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co., 560 Hayes st.
A— UPRIGHTS. $69 up: installments, $5 75 up;
| rents $3 50 up (allowed on purchase). 136 Ellis.
1 W G BADGER, 415 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis planoa.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 19
McAllister st., next Hlbernia Bank.
SOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZY. Sole Agent. SOS Post St.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy, 308 Post st.
KNABB pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
' SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-137 Fremont st.
MUST BE SOLD AT ONCE. ~ |
$125— Handsome cherry wood parlor set: $30
cash- also handsome large French mirror,
gold frame: cost $120 S. P.; 140 cash. Call
I a McAllister st. i
DOMESTIC sewing machine; good condition: ;
attachments complete; cheap. 1915 Mission
St., near Fifteenth.
GREAT Dane and thoroughbred fox terrier pup :
cheap. 405 Frederick St.. cor. Cole. j
TWO long-tailed peacocks and hens; beauties.
LOUIS HARRIS, California Market.
THOROUGHBRED St. Bernard dog; 11 months
old. Address 797 Mission St., corner Fourth.
TWO Great Dane puppies; cheap. Apply at 90
Rausch st.
PULLEYS covered by pat. leather prevent slip-
page; saves power. Cal. Belt Co., 513 Mission.
FIXE cow a couple of days of calving; Jersey
an,: ' -rVim. 350 Preclta aye.
PRENTICE lathe, screw cutting, full set of
attachments. See owner, 723 Capp st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures: new and second hand.
J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St..
above Sixth.
GAS and gasoline engines; all sizes and
prices: second hand engines purchased and
exchanged. Dynamic Engine Co.. £03 Cal. St.
Mercy Mineral Water Co. . Oakland. Cal. ; natural
cure for female complaints, stomach, kidney,
liver, bowel disorders, rheumatism :&ampl ; write.
38.000 ft. rubber and leather belting; all widths;
' half price. WHITE'S, 514-513 Mission st.
BEAUTIFUL mahogany desk and bookcase
combined: very cheap. 222 Sixth st.
KLONDIKERS— Deerskin outfit for sale. 205&
Fourteenth St.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe for sale cheap
at 42 Main st. _
SAFES— sizes new and second- hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento st.
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE. 139 Beale st.
OVERSTOCK— St. Germain Billiard Co. ; tables,
saloon fixtures, beer pumps: rented. 409 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines— l horsepower, $100: 2. $125:
S, $150; 4. $175. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission St.
POLYPHONE. $35: attachment (only). $15; will
fit phono or graphophone. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand: all
sixes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
CArtFET CLEA-MNG.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works—
moves. lays carpets. C. H. STEVEN 3. Mgr..
88 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama st.: tel. 8. 44.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutler st. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission "4.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel East 126.
~~~ TYPEWRITERS. ,
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. UO Montgomery.
EXPERT OPTICIANS. _ [
NEGLECTED affects the brain
and causes serious bodily ills. Mayerle'3
Periscoplc Eyeglasses are superior to all oth-
ers for reading, working or distance; weak
eyes; poor sight. Mayerle's new and exclu-
sive methods in fitting glasses by mail free. I
WRITE TO-DAY. GF.O. MAYERLE, Ger- j
man Expert Optician (German Optical Insti- j
tute), charter member American Association i
of Opticians. 1071\A Market St.. San Francisco. ,
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as- i
faying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., mm- |
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con- I
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping-, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages. English: 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free. I
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
FRENCH classes, under the auspices of "Al-
liance Francaise." will open at the French
Library afternoons and evenings for adults
only: graduate teachers from French Govern-
\ ment will give tuition; every pupil who Joins
■ class becomes member of the library. For
: terms apply at French Library, City of Paris
bldg., Geary and Stockton, 3 to 4, 8 to 9 p. m.
MERRILL-MILLER college shorthand, typing;
individual Instruction; new typewriters; book-
keeping: rapidity at figures by noted expert j
Mr. Tarr: day. eve. Rms. 672-6. Parrott bldg. I
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.;
i shorthand typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy. |
penmanship, English branches, etc.: life .
scholarship, $." ; low rates per week and mo. ■
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers; I
Ellis system: sunny rooms; low rates; day,
evening. BAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL- I
LEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archi.: day & eve.;
est. IS<>4. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
ELOCUTION and French, $3 per mo. ; 4 times j
weekly. Mercantile Library, rooms 4-."-«.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: R. W.King, attorney at law; 6th
floor. Chronicle building: no advance charges;
estates, mortgages, damages, attachments,
bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts, etc..
drawn: moderate fees: call or write.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty: private:
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; all legal matters. J. B. EVANS.
14 McAllister st., near Hibernia Bank.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building. 927 '
Market: consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W. .
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market ft.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
$450— LOT 75x2C\ running from 12th to 13th
ayes.. South San Francisco, within 8™ feet of
public school: Hi blocks from Thlrd-st. elec- i
trie cars: title Insured. F. A. McNALLY &
CO., 19 Montgomery st.
12400—524 Eltzabeth St.: house of 5 rooms and
bath: fine large basement; $200 cash; monthly
Installments. _^^_^^
COUNTRY REAL. ESTATE,
$300 PER acre for 15 acres or more at Fruit-
vale; nicely located; commanding a beauti-
ful view for bulldlntr sites, etc.: soil good
and will raise anything; price reduced from
$1000 per acre for quick sale: adjoins electric
line. Apply to E. H. BAXTER. 31 Second
St.. S. F., or Alden Co., 902 Broadway. Oakld.
MARIN Co.. 28 miles from S. F.— s4o to *S0 per
acre: choice lands In tracts of all sizes; im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay, grain,
fruit and vegetable lands: easy terms; rail
j and water transit: good schools. HOME AND
! FARM CO.. rm. 27. Sth floor. Mills bldg.. 3. F.
! NEW rich land near city: small and larsre
tracts; 2130 acres sold to 120 families: 75<*>
acres left. For particulars of Immense crops
raised in dry season of 189T-98 address THE
1 COT ATI CO.. 302 California St.. S. F.
SALE or rent— Chicken ranch: suburban home:
cheap. T. A PRAMS, box 174. Petaluma. c a l.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval or any other good security; payable
back in installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tare and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 6S-63 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or planoa In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth ; telephone South 14.
I ANY amount at 64 per cent on real estate. M
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 546 Market St.; telephone Main 1944.
i BORROW money on Indorsed paper or your
salary: small loans a specialty: any secur-
i ity. THE REYNOLDS CO., cor. 3d and Jessie.
i ON furniture or pianos, city or Oakland: no re-
moval: low rates: no commission; $25 up;
I private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
■ IF requiring money ascertain our rates: circu-
lar mailed to any address. R. GOULD. 131
Montgomery st, S. F.
' A— WHEN tired cf other pawnbrokers try THE
j CUT-RATE LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason st.
! ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests in
estates a gpedalty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$50 TO $"" * vi : lowest rates: Ist and id mortg.;
any r>Tnrif>«!t)on Prvii»n *13 Montgomery st.
yi>'AXCI_L.
! MONEY to loan— estate. 2d mortg.. chat-
tels. »to. Harr*>r & Kr»!f»r 312 Kmamtner b!*.
: OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL SSTA.'B.
WHY PAY RENT?
We can sell you a new 2-story house of 7
rooms, modern In every appointment, location
sunny fide Adeline, near Fourteenth st. . on
payments little above ordinary rent: house
can be finished by April 10. A. J. SAMUELS
& CO., 46S Ninth St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCH_L_
HAAS' old >tore. 408 Eleventh st. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
11000— Let 50x125; hquse 5 rooms; good location. ,
$2200— 73x150; cottage, 5 rooms; Central aye.
$3500— Elegant house. 8 rooms; large lot:
Grand ft., near San Antonio aye.
$3500—60x150; new 8-room house; Morton street
station. _
I Choice lot on Chestnut st. near San Jose
aye $22 per foot; to exchange for San Fran-
cisco property: splendid 7-room cottage; at
Morton street station.
The above are In best locations and can be
bought on terms to suit: convenient to trains
and schools. - ALAMEDA LAND CO..
1500 Park st.. Alameda.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
San Francisco Office. 30 Montgomery st.
COTTAGE. 5 rooms and bath; lot 33:4x150;
fine artaslan well, windmill, etc.; easy terms.
Elegant new home. 8 rooms: lot 42x138;
Santa Clara aye.; terms $400 cash. $25 per mo.
$2600— Colonial cottage. 6 room«; lot *Sx
207- half block from station and high school;
terms $400 cash. $25 per month.
$3500— house of 8 rooms: lot 40xlo4: fine
location- San Antonio aye.: Chestnut Station;
terms $odb cash. $25 per month.
A fine business corner, 15x82:6; store and flat
above: new and modern; must be sold; owner
going East.
Houses to let In all parts of AUmeda.
H. P. MORKAL » CO.. 143? Par* nt.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
~~ " FOR* SALE.
$3600—20 ACRES on San Pablo road; 3 miles
from Berkeley; the bargain. E. E. BUNCE.
SOS Broadway. Oakland.
MAEBIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Antone Zarevlch and Annie Josich 31-27
Louis B. Cordon and Katie Zwlck 27-23
~BIRTHS MARRiA&ES--D£AM
Birth, marrige and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
LANDRAM— In this city, to the wife of J. T.
Landram. a son.
MURRAY— In this city. March 22, 1599. to the
wife of Charles Murray, a son.
NICOLAI— In this city, March 15. 1599, to the
wife of Louis Nicolai. a daughter.
WELLS In West Side, Santa Clara County,
Mary 4, 1599, to the wife of A. H. Wells, a
daughter.
MARPIED.
MERRICK— In this city, March 10,
1599. by the Rev. Frank S. Ford. James W.
Brier and Nellie Z. Ford. both of San Fran-
cisco.
CLARK— BELLSTEDT— In this city, March 23.
1599. by the Rev. J. M. Buehler. Sidney O.
Clark and Wilhelmina Bellstedt.
DOHRMANX— RIDDER— In this city. March
19. ■•••>. by the Rev. J. Fuendelinsr. John
Pohimann and Helena Ridder.
HEUERMANN — DECHENT —In this city.
March 20, ISCK). by the Rev. J. Fuendeling.
George A. Heuermann and Minna A. C. De-
chent.
JENNI— KUNZ— In this city, March 23, 1899. Xby
the Rev. J. Fuendeling. Adam Jenni and Ida
Kunz. both of Sonoma, Cal.
LAPHAM— TULLY— In this city. February IS,
1599. by the Rev. Frank S. Ford, pastor of the
First Christian Church. fly Emmerson Lap-
ham and May M. Tolly, both of San Fran-
cisco.
NEILI— McNAMARA— this city. March 23.
ISI9. by the Rev. Father Lane, Alexander H.
Xeill ard Nellie McNamara, both of San
Francisco.
PEARSON— BASSFORD— In this city, March
2. 1599. at the First Christian Church, by the
Rev. Frank S. Ford. Willie Lee Pearson of
San Francisco and Mary Catherine Bassford
I of Vacaville. Cal.
RALPH— RICHTER— In this city. March 22,
1859, by the Rev. Frank 8. Ford. Charles S.
Ralph and Minnie C. Rich: both of Sac-
: ramento, Cal.
SAGEHORN— LEWIX— In Oakland, March 22,
ISM, by the Rev. J. H. Theiss. at the resi-
dence of W. T. Sagehorn. William Diederich
Sasrehorn and Josephine L. Lewln.
______
DIED.
Bradbury. Wymond Pinkham. Carrie S.
Bruse. Christian G. Powell, James C.
Caeto. Anna B. Rush, Catharine
Cronin. Harry A. Sanderson, Nellie
Downing. Reta M. Shepherd. Anna B.
Fink!>-r. Antonia Sic»l. Kitty
Hofrman. J. D. O. Splltard. Michael J.
Kehoe. John Stalling. John
Lynch. James F. Vance, Gratia
Macdonald. Madeline Wauen. Robert
Monteroe, John Young. Dollie
O'Brien. Marguerite Zahniser. Aaron
| Pike. Grace W.
1 BRADBURT-In Oakland. March 22. 1559. Wy-
mond Bannlnz. beloved son or Philip and
m May Bradbury, a native of Oakland, aged 1
™ year 5 months and 16 days.
C^The funeral will take place this flay
(Friday), at I o'clock, from the residence. 350
Telegraph avenue. Interment private. Moun-
tain View Cemetery.
BRUSE— In this city. March 22. 1599. Chris-
tian Gerhard, beloved husband of Caroline
Bru3e. father of Fred. Minnie. Harry and
Elsie Bruse, and brother of Bern Bruse. Mrs.
Mary Petersen. Mrs. Lucy Schmidt and Min-
-1 nic Bruse. a native of OMenburg. Germany,
I aged 44 years S months and 1 days. A mem-
ber of Crockett Lodge No. 133. F. and A. M. ;
Past Masters' Association; Ban Francisco
Scheutzen Vereln: Franklin Building and
Loan Society, and Golden Gate Council No.
60, Order Chosen Friends.
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic Tem-
ple, comer Post and Montgomery streets,
i where funeral services will be held, under the
j auspices of Crockett Lodge No. 139. Crema-
tion I. O. O. F. Crematory.
CASTO— Jr. this city. March 23, ■ •■. Anna Bell.
wife Of T. K. Casto. and mother of Mrs. W.
H. Meaeham, Mrs. W. H. Lee and Margaret.
Grant and William Casto, a native of ash-
j ington, D. C, aged 70 years S months and 13
I days.
C?" Notice of funeral hereafter.
CROXIX— In this city. March 23. 1593. Harry
A., dearly beloved son of Henry J. and Lucy
M. Cronin, a native of San Francisco, aged
i 6 years 7 months and 13 days.
ir?"The funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors or
the H. J. Gallagher Company. 20 Fifth street.
Interment private. Please omit flowers.
DOWNING— this city. March 23. 1*93, Reta
May b^love.l daughter of James J. and Mary
Downing, and sister of James Downing, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 6 months and 3
days.
i FIXKLER— In this city. March 23, 1599. Anto-
nia de Almieda Finkler. a native of the City
of Mexico, aged 71 years.
Interment private.
HOFFMAN— In this city, March 21. 1S», J. D.
G., beloved husband of Regina Hoffman, and
brother of Henry Hoffman, a native of Ger-
many, aged 64 years 2 months and 9 days.
ET'Frlpnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday) at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington street,
thence to Druids' Hall. 413 Sutter street,
where the services will be held commencing
at 2 o'clock, under the auspices of Eureka
Grove No. 4. U. A. O. D.. and North Beach
Lodge No. 9, Hermann Sons. Interment Odd
Fellows Cemetery-
KEHOE— In this city. March 21. 1899, John
Kehoe. beloved brother of Mrs. Mary Run-
dell a native of Rnxbury. Mass., aged 33
years. (Rio Vista, Cal.. papers please copy.)
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday) at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
cf McAvoy & Co.. 1235 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Joseph s
Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery-
LYNCH— In this city. March 23, 1898. James F..
eldest and beloved son of Daniel F. and
Elizabeth Lynch, and brother of Agnes. Ma-
bel, Harry and Walter Lynch, a native of San
Francisco, aeed 6 years 10 months and 4 days.
B7lntennent V ate.
MACDONALD— In this city. March 21, 1839.
Madeline Annie, beloved daughter of William
and Aene3 Macdonald. and sister of Agnes
S., William, Jeanie H.. John D. and Eliza
Macdonald. a native of San Francisco, aged 7
years 10 months and 23 days.
(£7"Friend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday) at 1:30 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence. 529 Arkansas street, between Twentieth
and Twenty-first. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
MONTEROS— In this city. March 23, 1899, John,
dearly beloved Bon Of D. E. and M. N. Mon-
teros. and beloved brother of Aneida. Ado-
mesa, Sevoclda and Isabella Mnnteros. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 9 months.
O'BRIEN— At the residence of her parents.
■•5.")9 Fifteenth avenue south, South San Fran-
cisco. March 23. 1599. Marguerite O'Brien,
dearly beloved and only daughter of James
C and Maggie O'Brien, and dearly beloved
and only sister of the late James T.. Charles
D and William O'Brien, a native of ban
Francisco, aged 4 years 11 months and 2o
(T^Funeral strictly private. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PIKE-In this city. March 23. 1839. Grace W ..
widow of the late Charles R. Pike, aged 6S
years 7 months and 15 days.
PINKHAM-In this city. March 22. 1599. Carrie
Stanton. beloved wife of George C. Pink-
ham. mother of Clifford. Lloyd and Bernlce
Plnkham. dearly beloved daughter of Kittle
F and the late Harry H. Gardiner, and sister
of Mrs F F. Sarcander and Charley. Henry
II *Jr ' May. Gertie and Milton Gardiner, a
native of California, aged 30 years li) months
and 9 days.
try Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 2703 Bush street, thence to St. Dom-
inic's Church. Stelner and Bush streets, where
a mass will be celebrated for the reoose of
her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
; ment odd Fellows' Cemetery. j amea
POWELL-In this city. March 23 1599 James
I P Ctav : husband of Anna J. Powell, and father
of Dr Barton J. Powell, a native of Paris.
Mo aged 57 years 1 month and -t> days.
CyNotlce of funeral hereafter.
RUSH-In this city. March 23. 1899. Catharine
Rush, a native of County Monaghan. Ireland.
8 _?■ RematnT at the parlors of the Henry J.
Gallagher Company. 20 Fifth street.
SANDERSON— In this city. March 12. 1899.
Nellie beloved wife of .T. L. Sanderson, and
beloved daughter of the late Eleanor and
Andrew Hennessey, a native of Cincinnati.
Ohio. _, ■ ,
SHEPHERD— In this city. Anna 8.. dear
beloved wife of Elmer E. Sheoherd dearly
beloved mother of Gertrude and Edna Shep-
herd dearly beloved daughter of the late J.
P Davenport and Mrs. E. C. Davenport, and
dearly beloved sister of Agnes Davenport
„_..,.„ and J. 0.. J. E.. V. L. and H. A.
Dav"np^rt a native of California, aged 23
years and 9 months.
SIGEL-In this city. Kitty, beloved daughter
8 of theUte Harry sigel. a native of San Fran-
ctsco aged 5 years and 6 montns.
SPILLARD— In this city. March 23 1899. Mich-
ael J. Spillard. a native of St. Joseph. Mo.,
aged 33 years.
BTE T LING— In this city. March 22. 1599. John
Btelllng dearly beloved brother of Mrs. Wil-
liam Beckmann. Mrs. Theodore Cornelius and
Elsie and Charles Stelling. a native of Cux-
haven Germany, aged 47 years and 10 days.
try Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fuHv invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday) at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H F 'Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
; VANCE— In this city. March 22. 1899. Gratia,
beloved wife of Ira Vance, and sister of Mrs.
J. T. Martin, a native of New York, aged 23
c?The funeral will take place this day
(Friday) at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 811 Shrader street. Interment private.
WAITiH-In Watervleit, N. V.. Robert
; Waugh beloved father of Mrs. Isabella Ben-
son and brother of Mrs. Frank C. Hornung.
a native of England, aged 71 years.
YOUNG— In this city, March 22 1889. Dolli*.
beloved daughter of Peter and Emma Young,
and sister of Lizzie. Peter. Minnie. Annie.
Emma and Lily Young, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year 11 months and IS days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her Barents 1000 Beach street, corner of
Larkin. * Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
' ZAHNISER-In the City and County Hospital
March 22. 1899. Aaron Zahniser. a native of
Pennsylvania, aged .'7 years.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallaghar),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALM KR^.
Z0 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School
Telephone South 80. .
r™"%IcAVOY «fc co., I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS oc EiUULiIERa I
U35 Market at. between Bth and Bt_ M
Telephone. South 247. I
.-.-.-■.- ■ • :■- ■-:■-,■;■, ... - „ — '. ■*■—•'• -
1112
DEMOCRATS SCHEME
IN RETALIATION
Plan to Seize the Patronage of the
State Penitentiaries.
Special Session of the Siate Central Committee Urged to
Instruct the Prison Directors How to Vote
for Warden of San Quentin.
Political sossirr- »« " n Mtlr over a !
jn-.'jnd coup that the Democrats are
planning in retaliation upon Governor
and hie adviser, D. M. Hums, for
efforts to seize the valuable pa
the water front Democratic
schemers, shrewd and quick to grasn^
an advantage, dec-lore that they wilri
take to themselves all of the patronage
of the Stale penitentiaries at Folsom
end at 6an Quentin. To make, the situ
ation serious the Democrats have the
power to carry their threat into execu
tion. They may dismiss the. warden j
and secretary of each prison and .
igh newly elected wardens and;
taries seize all of the patronage.
• ; ige's kindergarten ex- ;
r the tutelage of Dan Burns,
in the dangerous field of politics are
likely therefore to bear bitter fruit for
Republicans who have been secure from
. . n of ' interf* i
much . ittack of determined re
taliation. When Governor Gage at
tempted, at the instigation of those
that surround him. to reorganize the
administration of the water front it
was feared that trouble would follow.
It was palpable that the Governor's
purpose was to become a party spoils
man, eager to go farther, under the ad-
In the search for the
fruits of victory than most spoilsmen.
Republicans feared the consequences
9 and the Democrats
sought some means of checkmating the
advise! s of the chief executive. ;
When the Governor failed in his
6chen rganization he planned
another to take the patronage of the
water front away from the Democrats, j
worthy gentlemen, who are
clinging with the tenacity of death to
what they have and praying to provi
dence f'*r more, were more than ever
determined to retaliate They wore not \
long in finding an avenue for revenge.
State prisons offered an asylum
f ir good I >emocrats and there, the lead
•emocrats shall go — but
■ ■ • wear striped uniforms. A small
army of men is needed to govern the |
State penitentiaries, officers, clerks, sec- j
es, guards, watchmen and at- j
Ots of all sorts. The salaries are
and the duties few. The Demo- i
• rats are planning, therefore, inspired j
by the political blunders of the Gover
nor, to snatch from beneath the ashes j
of the embers of victory. ;
The State Board of Prison Directors
Is Democratic. Four of the members—
Ray, Fitzgerald, Wllkins and Devlin
appointed by Governor Budd for
a term of ten years. Devlin is a Re
publican and with Hayes makes a Re- ,
publican minority of two. The Demo- '
crats in the board, therefore, may do
as they please. Democratic leaders and .
politicians have now on foot a project ;
t i call a special meeting of the Demo
cratic State Central Committee and ff
cure from it a series of resolutions in-
Btructing the State Prison Directors to \
turn the entire patronage of both peni- ■
tentiaries over to Democrats.
This unusual action, it is claimed, is j
politically Justified by the action of
Governor Gage in striving to usurp the
patronage of the water front. Since a j
chief executive of a State may show
himself so greedy a seeker after the
loaves and fishes, other men les3 exalt- :
ed in the State government certainly j
have the same privilege. This «fi the !
argument that the Democrats arp us- !
Ing. and with which they are frighten- '
ing Republican officeholders into fits.
If the Democratic State <'--ntral Com
mittee meets i - this question j
it will have to do so quickly, as the
next Warden of San Quentin will be
en by the Prison Directors on
April 8.
Saturday Morning
in my magnificently
appointed new quar-
ters, 114-116 Kearny St.
All new goods of finest qual-
ity and prices lower than ever
before on SUITS. SKIRTS, SILK
WAISTS, JACKETS, Etc
ARMAND CAILLEAU,
114-116 Kearny Street, S. F.
It has been a custom for many years
in this .State for the Democrats and
the Republicans to divide the patron
age of the Stato penitentiaries. Th<
Warden and secretary of each institu
tion are appointed by the Prison Dire
tors. The Warden, in his turn, selen
all of the ether employes from thi
highest to the lowest. The Prisoi
Directors, however, have for man.'
years, no matter what the political
complexion of 1 hi- majority has beei
chosen a Democrat as Warden of om
prison and a Republican as Warder
of the other. Warden Hale, for ex
ample, is a Republican, and Wa
Aull is a Democrat.
The Democrats declare that they will
violate this precedent and teach Gov
ernor Oage a new lesson in the eentle
art of practical politics. Game's in-
Btruction may preve to lie a costiy ob
ject lesson to many Republicans. The
affair is made doubly Interesting by the
fact that Governor <iuge has already
selected the man who, he says, shall be
the next "Warden of San Quentin. This
protege of the Governor is Martin G.
Aguirre, an ex-Sheriff of Los Angeles.
Governor Gagre is bo deeply interested
in the election of Aguirre that he has
made. It is claimed, a personal appeal
to at least one of the Democratic mem
bers of the Board of Prison Directors.
These seductive whispering? of the
chief executive, it is said, have not yet
met with that response which one of
such high degree has a right to ex
pect. Politics is politics, the Demo
crats reply, and tit for tat is sw« t
revenge.
The Governor, therefore, is douhiy
concerned. It is bad enough to he
burned in taking a lesson in fire, but
to be burned twice is asking too much
even from a novice in the game. The
Governor is likely to lope the warden
ship of San Quentin for his protege I
Aguirre as well as the entire patronage j
of both prisons. In this game of the
politicians Warden Hale does not seem
to be a factor of the slightest conse
quence. He flirted with the powers
that be for a while, but his attentions ■
at Sacramento were repulsed with
scorn.
His term as Warden expires on April
20, and on April S the Board of Prison
Directors will el>=ct his successor. It
is at this meeting that the Democrats
intend to carry out their scheme of
grabbing all of the patronage of the
prisons. As a matter of course all of I
the employes cannot be removed at
once, as demoralization might follow
in the prison. The officers, under the
conditions of the scheme, will be re
moved gradually.
As yet the Democrats have not dis
cussed the name of any one to suc
ceed Hale, but there will be no dearth
of aspirants. There are scores of Dem
ocrats for every place, and when the
time comes the Prison Directors will
be overwhelmed with petitions, big and
little.
The prospective conditions in refer
ence to Folsom State Prison are dif
ferent. The term of Warden Aull will
not expire until January 1, 1900. The
term of B. F. Smith, clerk of Folsom
prison, will not end until October 1 of
this year. The Directors are not con
cerned, therefore, with the election of
'•■ the successors to these men at this
I time.
While every effort has been made to
keep this Democratic scheme a secret
the facts have leaked out and Republi
' can leaders, solicitous for the welfare
of their party, are wondering where the
Quixotic, blundering political methods
of the Governor are going to lead them
next.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAT.L, FRIDAY, MARCH 24, 1399.
FELL THIRTY FEET
INTO A SHIP'S HOLD
Mrs. Alice Ortega Probably Fatally Injured on
the British Ship Leicester Castle.
MRS. ALICE ORTEGA, a waitress
in a "creamerie" on Kearny
etreet, nearly met her death on
the British ship Leicester Castle
yesterday morning.
She and a friend named Mary Connors
went down to the vessel to hid some of
the apprentice boys good-by. They
were standing near the. fore hatch
talking, when Mrs. Ortega lost . her
balance and fell head first into the
lower hold, thirty feet below. The
first mate and one of the apprentices
quickly grot into the lower hold and
found the woman unconscious and
bleeding from the ears. A ' hatch
coyer and a mattress were lowered
own, and on them the woman was
-laced and carefully hoisted to the
deck. She was then carried into the
cibin and laid In thp mate's berth,
where she recovered consciousness
and complained of a pain in her back.
A telephone message wa.s sent to the
Harbor Receiving Hospital as soon as
the accident happened, and the ambu
lance was down to the wharf almost
■ as the woman had been placed
in the mate's berth. The Leicester
Castle is In ballast, and consequently
was very high out of the water.
Everybody was in a quandary for a
few minutes over the getting of Mrs.
PRESIDENT HARPER DINED.
The Chicago University President
Honored by the Berkeley
Educators.
A dinner was given at the California
Hotel last evening by the Regents and
faculty of the University of California
to President William R. Harper of the
University of Chicago. Among the 144
guests were some of the most prominent
HER BURGLAR IN COURTS
V TV)T RS - E - F ' ASHMORE. the
28 l\/l Pl uck >' little woman who di?
--♦ I VI tingulshed herself a week ago
28 - L ' J - by aiding in the capture of
4 Clifford Meldrum, a bold burglar, was
S3 the cynosure of all eyes In Judge Bar
t ry's crowded courtroom yesterday
88 morning. Burly policemen and curious
+ spectators gazed admiringly at the
$5 heroine of the thrilling chase and
4 showered encomiums on her.
53 Withal, she modestly accepted their
♦ glances and half-whispered compli
-28 ments and while on the witness stand
A gave her testimony in clear-cut een-
V tences. Prosecuting Attorney Car
g» penter deftly led her to tell the story
f of Meldrum's robbery of her room,
„ his discovery, flight and capture.
*? Without taking any credit for her
| g<s own courageous action in following
1 B^BB^sß^si*B2^»tK^«^B*tsß^Sß^Bß^S
Ortega from the ship to the ambu
lance. Finally the ambulance stretch
er was placed in a sling and then the
woman was laid on the stretcher. The
falls of the after lifeboat were then
unhooked and made fast to the slim?,
and in this way Mrs. Ortega .was
swung out over the side of the ship
and lowered to the wharf, where the
hospital attendants took charge of her.
On arriving at the hospital Dr. yon
der Lf-ith mad* an examination and
found that Mrs. Ortega had her col
lar-bone broken, her skull fractured
and was probably injured Internally.
The Leicester Castle is lying at Lom
bard-street wharf and is going to
Ta'.tal, .Peru, to load nitrate for Eng
land. Her ballasting was to have been
finished yesterday, and then she was
t<> have gone .,
tory to sailing. The apprentice boys
on the ship had been In the ho
going to the creamerie for an
BionaJ meal, and that is how they got
acquainted with Mrs. Ortega and Miss
Connors. Thinking it would !>e their
last chance to see the young men. the
two women went down to the ship.
I'pon going aboard they met the mate
and he called the apprentices. The
entire party was standing near the
fore hatch talking. The satlmaker
professional men In the State. Speeches
were made by President Kellogg of the
University, President Harper, President
David Starr Jordan and Whitelaw Rf>ld
of New York. Mr. Reid in his remarks
stated that ho represented no party, no
government and was not prepared for a
Bet speech on any topic, but San Fran- |
Cisco's position fronting the new Eastern
market made her place one of the most
Important on the American continent and
her great future was assured. The noted
Journalist then launched out into an ex- ;
the escaping robber, Mrs. Ashmore
told of his flying down the stairs and
boarding an j electric car and of his
Jumping off and seeking safety \:\ the
barn of a brewery in the irnaSetliate
neighborhood. Attorney_S^rceney, for
the defense, tried to tangle the wit
ness up, but failed. With a view to
continuing the case in the upper
court.. he examined Mrs. Ashmore at
length, but did not swerve her a par
ticle;'
Miss Dora Knell, a sister to Mrs.
Ashmore, then took the stand. There
was more craning of necks in the
courtroom, as it is seldom that such a
pretty witness appears in such uncon
genial surroundings. . Miss Knell was
unused to the ways of the law and
was greatly amused at the quibbling
of counsel. At one stage of her tes
timony she burst out into laughter,
and at the sight of her pearly teeth
Judge Barry forgot his dignity and
joined in the mirth* and was rapped
to order by his own bailiff.
Miss Knell admitted having Joined
in the chase after the culprit, but was
quickly allowed to depart, as Attor
ney Sweeney was too gallant to both
er her with too many questions.
James E. Stitt. of the Underwriters' .
Fire. Patrol, stated that he was on
Ninth street at the time of the ex
citing incident and joined In the pur
-B£+BS+BS+BB-*BB ♦ 22 ♦ 8g ♦ 88 ♦ 88
>■•.<.- ■■ 1 ' tho twocn flooks makfnc: a a
new sail and a few of the sailors were i
1...1.M..-, t... mm. Mrs. untya leaned .L
over the hatch combing to Bee what T
they were doing and lost her balance q
and went down. She turned a com- *
plete somersault in her fall and landed a
in the lower hold. As she fell she |
must have struck one of the lower !
hatch combings and fractured her #
skull. |
At a late hour last nlßht Mrs. Ortega a
was resting easily, and the physicians ,
in attendance state that her chances '
for recovery are good. 9
•-•- •-• - o-e - •-• - •-•-•
pansionlst discourse of the most pro
aoonced type. No "no, he paid, rould
have foretold the result of the Spanlsh-
American war, but as Dewey had ailded
new territory to the flag-, the flag could
lo no less than accept it.
The dining ball was beautifully deco
rated, principally with the blue and gold
of the University, It being: charter day
of that institution.
Anakesis cures Piles, nothing else. Sam
ple free. Address Anakesis, New York. *
— 1 __i ♦
suit with the other mm. women and
children. Being speedier than the •*
 rest.' fie followed Meldrum into the ♦
brewery and found him hidden behind •*
some sacks of bran, and aided in ♦
bringing him before his breathless •*
pursuers. ♦
Detective Crockett and Officer Van 8?
Kuren testified to having participated <£
in the chase and of haying searched V
Meldrum when he reached the City £•
Prison. Crockett stated that he found ♦
$13 50 in his hip pocket, and as this •*
sum was said to have been taken *.
from . Mrs. . Ashmore's room. Attorney •
Sweeney tried to show that there X
were other - amounts on the pris- %'
oner and that the sum named was not i*
stolen. The testimony of both offi- ♦ :
cers was unshaken by the volley of •*
interrogations, and they were later o»
corroborated by Mrs. Ashmore, who *'
positively identified the money as <£
that taken from her house. V
When the prosecution rested Attor- c»
ney Sweeney asked for a continuance V
until next Saturday, as ho desired to ™.
bring witnesses forward to testify to *?
the good character borne by the prls- *
oner and also prove that when his ♦*
client was searched other sums were £
found upon him. The motion for a
continuance was opposed by the Pros- g«
ecuting Attorney, but Judge Barry ♦
granted Mr. Sweeney's request. •*
«+SS-*S2+SS^SB ♦ 83 ♦ BJ +SB-*-SB+!S«-S**-SS* ss
TEACHERS CUNT
AGREE ON A
COMPROMISE
Considered the Clarke
Resolutions.
NOTHING WAS ACCOMPLISHED
ATTORNEYS CRESWELL AND
OLNEY QUESTIONED.
Meeting in the Auditorium of the
Girls' High School Provokes a
Long and Fruitless
Parley.
From 4 o'clock yesterd.iv afternoon till
7 in the evening the teachers assembled
for peaceful discussion in the auditorium
of the Girls' High School on the woof
! worn proposition of unpaid salaries in
dulged their forensic inclinations and ac
complished nothing.
The meeting was specially called to act
upon the Clarke resolutions which serve
as a substitute for the compromise meas
ure. The resolutions prepared and intro-
I duced by F. H. Clarke read as follows:
Be it resolved, that the committee on Utlga
| tlon be and hereby Is given full power to dU-
I pose of the litigation now pending before the
Superior Court, subject to the following con
'l. °No' assignment of teachers' salary claims.
2 The restriction of the claims of the mer
chant creditors to the amount of cash that tne>
would actually receive under the committee 8
plan, at least until the payment of sa.arles
for the balance of the fiscal year has been as
sured.
A reading of the resolutions was not
necessary, for every delegate present
came armed with a printed copy. ihe
etorm broke loose as soon as Chairman
Brooks recited the purpose of the con
vention. A heated discussion began by
the supporters of compromise measures
and their opponents, the anti-compro
misers. This lasted for a half-hour, when
it was discovered that Harry T. CresweU
and Warren Olney. the attorneys for the
teachers, were in the hall. A motion was
then made to have the gentlemen of the
law on the stage. It was carried, but not
without opposition, for the antagonists or
compromise did not wish to shower favors
upon the attorneys who recommended
such measures.
Cresweli and Olney took their peats on
the platform and were subjected to a bat
• tery fire of questions from the army of
teachers who wished to be enlightened on
the legal aspect of the case. They stood
their own, pupplying whole volumes of
law at a grasp. The teachers were satis
fled and the attorneys departed.
After being sidetracked a dozen or more
times ihe teachers at last reached the pre
vious question. Whether to compromise
with the merchants and secure their
June salaries or to get a portion of their
November and December salaries and
! take a chance at not receiving their June
salaries were the questions discussed.
The Clarke resolutions favor a rellnquish
i merit of the November and December in
order to guarantee the June salaries and
j leave the $35,000 surplus to the merchants.
The meeting was adjourned until April
; 3. when the matter will further be con-
I sldered.
Examination of Teachers.
The examinations to be held on Monday
next at the Normal School In which aspi
rants may qualify for teachers' certifi
cates will be broad in their scope. They
will not be. limited to persona who want
to qualify for teachers' positions, but will j
be open also to persons -who -want to qual- ]
ify as special teachers. Many of these |
are at present teaching without the !
proper certificates, and Director Eells j
holds that the approval of their warrants
is a violation of the law. The special i
teachers who are included In this list
may take the examinations on Monday
and thus fortify themselves against the
time their present certificates are ques
tioned. If they do not qualify now and
their certificates are questioned they i
might be dropped from the rolls.
The apparent conflict of authority be- j
tween the Board of Education and the !
Board of Examiners is not one in reality. I
The School Directors postponed the ex
aminations at their last meeting until i
June. After this action, which was taken
contrary to the advice of Superintendent
Webster, it was found that the law made j
it imperative to hold these examinations .
seml-annually. Monday was the proper
time hence the action of the examiners ;
In determining to proceed with the work
as required by law. Had it been per
mitted to lapse until June there was a !
question if persons taking the examina- !
i tion at that time would legally qualify.
NELLIE PARTRIDGE MISSING.
The Young Lady Left Her Home Yes
terday and Failed to Return.
Considerable anxiety wfis manifested ,
by Miss Jennie Partridge, the assistant:
librarian of the Branch Public Library
at Station 5 over her sister Nellie's ab- |
pence from her home at 3128 Twenty-first j
street. Miss Nellie Partridge has been
noticed by her sister to be somewhat de- j
mented of late. She seemed absentmind
! Ed and indifferent to her surroundings. !
hut it was considered that this might in j
time and by kind treatment pass off, j
consequently no particular watch was I
kfpt over her actions other than to pro- |
vide tor her wants and see that she did j
not do anything out of the way to her- ;
self or those about her.
Yesterday afternoon, however, when j
her sister Jennie returned to her home |
from the Library she missed Nellie from
the house and made inquiries of Uie ;
neighbors if they had seen her. Not be- ,
lne able to ascertain anything regarding
her Miss Jennie called on Captain Gillin,
of the Sev< teenth street station, and In
formed him Of her absence The watch ,
which went on duty at midnight was In
structed to keep a lookout for her and it >
found she was to be brought to the Bta
lk The missing girl is about 26 years of
age h light "^mjlexion with fair hair
weigh- about 138 pounds and stands o feet
5 inches In height. Sh<> was dressed in
6 red and blui striped waist, black vel
vet trimmed skirt, with a velvet cape j
and black hat.
Police Must Be Protected.
Ah Que, keeper of a house of 111 fame
on Pacific street, between Stockton and
Dupont was yesterday fined $200 by
Tudee Mogan on the charge of disturbing
the peace Tuesday while the China
town «nuad entered the building Ah Que
re?u"ed to allow them to go upsW if: and
one of the inmates threw a lighted lamp
n? T ieiitenant Price. The Judge said he
wSmpose a heavy sentence, as these
Sacs n e ot m a^e tO th o e nd^^
woman who threw a lamp at the lieuten
antwas fined W by 1"^ Graham.
Cruelty to Children.
Mr* Kate Pullen, l^ 1 ? Hickory avenue,
was yesterday convicted by Judge Mogan
of ?he charge of cruelty to her three chll-
A Dishonest Domestic.
Mrs. Ada Levy. 1683 Post street, swore
to a complaint In Judge Mogan's court
yesterday for the arrest of Kitty Carroll,
a domestic, on the charge ofpetty larceny.
She alleged that Kitty, on March 18, stole
$20 while in her service and disappeared.
Singular story of a California girl
who has fallen heir to a $10,000,
--000 Australian estate, in next Sun
day's Call.
HUNTINGTON
AND HERRIN
TO BE INDORSED
No Changes Impend
ing in the S. P.
ANNUAL MEETING ON APRIL 5
GLAD THAT THE GOVERNMENT
DEBT IS LIQUIDATED.
Ownership of the Central Pacific Now
Lies in the Southern Pacific
Company — Details of Con
solidation.
C. P. Huntington is journeying by easy
stages from New York to San Francisco,
expecting to arrive here in ample time to
attend the annual meeting of the South
ern Pacific Company on Wednesday,
April 5. George Crocker will arrive in
this city next Monday.
Of late there has been a deal of con
j<=cture regarding Important change*
in the leading departments of the com
pany, but the most authentic informa
tion obtainable is to the effect that the
changes will be few and unimportant.
Will H. Crocker, one of the directors of
the institution, does not expect any ma
terial readjustment in the organization.
He entertains the opinion that there will
be no change In the heads of depart
ments and does not hesitate to pronounce
the story that Mr. Herrin will be severed
fron the control of the law department
as a pure invention.
"You can publish the fact In The Call,"
remarked Mr. Crocker, 'Hhat there will
be no important changes in the manage
ment. It Is now a matter of history that
the Central Pacific debt to the Govern
ment has been paid in full. The pay
ment is practically accomplished. C. P.
Huntingdon will be re-elected president
of the Southern Pacific. Mr. Herrin will
remain at the head of the law depart
ment. He will not be retired or asked
!<> resign. George Crocker and myself no
doubt will be re-elected on the board.
Russell J. Wilson and Charles Lathrop
will continue to serve on the directory.
There is a feeling of relief that the debt
to the. Government has been liquidated
and there Is a feeling of gratification that
the interests of the company are well
managed."
The consolidation of th»; Southern Pa
cific and Central Pacific has not yet been
perfected in detail, but there is no ques
tion that the ownership of the Central
line now lies in the, Southern Pacific.
The stockholders of the Central Pacific
will receive Southern Pacific certificates
or bonds in lieu of their Central Pacific
holdings. Some little time will bo re
quired to execute all the details con
nected with the consolidation.
The impression is gained from conver
sation with Southern Pacific people that
a season of harmony in the management
is dawning. The new era is so bright and
promising that Mr. Herrin's political sin«
may be condoned in the carnival of re
joicing.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPRING TIME AND SAR=
SAPARILLA
Go hand in hand. At this s;asnn of
the year nature tclle us that our sys-
tem requires attention. We have the
good old standard remedies at cut-
rate prices.
TODD' SARSAPARILLA 7."> c
HOOD'S RSA FA RIL.LA 70e
AYRES' SARSAPARILLA TOe
COOPER'S BLOOD SPECIFIC 86«
SWIFT'S SPECIFIC 7Oc
CUTICURA RESOLVENT SOc
SOLE AGENTS FOR THE
TESLA ELECTRIC BELT.
WE GIVE TRADING STAMPS.
V V^949-951 MARKfeTSI
' Jf *— *■ NEXT TO HALE BROS. — "—
SEMI-ANNUAL EXAMINATION OF
TEACHERS.
* THE REGULAR BEMI-ANNtTALi EXAM-
INATION of applicants for
TEACHfcRS' CtRTIFICATES
(High. Grammar and Primary, Grade* and
Special Certificates) will commence at the
Normal School building, Powell st.. near Clay,
on Monday, March 27, 1839, at 1:30 o'clock
p. m.
In compliance with the State school law,
each applicant must pay an examination fee
of $2 in advance to Miss P. M. Nolan, sec-
retary of the Board of Examination. Of flea
central corridor, third floor. City Hall.
R. H. WEBSTER.
Superintendent Common School..
J. A. SIMPSON, Secretary.
i'"""^b SAVE YOUR ;
t From $10 to $17. |:
1 You can get the best All-Wool i[
, JHnw Suit Made to Order at ( ,
m JOE poheim ■;
If you want a first-class, ji
*& weil-'ittiri£ suit of c'Qthes ,'
MlKi' '' orn $20 to $40 go to 1 1
1 JOE POHEIM ':
Fine Clothes at 25 per |i
cent less than elsewhere. ,'
J 201-203 Montgomery St., Cor. Bush, i|
1 1110-1112 Market St.. S. F. \
i — — — — n ri «~ L-»"^_T>-^ I—*"*—1 — *"*— r * > - rn — r^- < ~ 1 -''^ > - f ~^-'~»- < ~ 1 -'~ L - r^-
IMtrlVI I M lost vigor.
j£Bs®h ■*' AND MANHOOD
E3£s2* r V Cures Impotmcy Night Emissions and wastint
WUk^Mtt .diseases, all effects of self-abuse, or excess aod
indiscretion. A nerve'tonic and blood-builder.
K« ' ■Jf&y Brings the pink slow to pale cheeks and rv
b.]&*w/ stores the lire of youth. By mail 500 per
JM^^S^ bcxi 6 boxes for $2.50: with a written
aaT^^jat^* guarantee to cure or refund the money.
ikrvita medical Co., CHntOH * 3actuon st*., Cbicaa*.
[ Owl Drug 'Co., Sole Agts., 112S Market, S. F.