VOLUME LXXXV— NO. 135.
HOUSE OF WOOD
IN WHICH PEACE
CONGRESS MEETS
tV'HW YORK, April 14.— A Sun cable from London says: The Birmingham Post learns
-*■ that M. de Staal, Russian Embassador to Great Britain, has asked permission to resign the
presidency of the coming Peace Conference, but that the Czar has requested him to remain.
THE building in which the Czar's peace congress will assemble in The Hague, which is the capital of the
Netherlands, on May 18, is called "The House of Wood." and is one of the palaces of Queen Wilhelmina.
Its name in Dutch is -'Huis ten Bosch." The famous "orange room" has been selected as the apartment in
which the sittings of the congress will be held. It is a spacious room, and is illuminated by a glass dome
which spreads fifty feet above the floor. The palace of "the house of wood" was erected as long ago as 1647
by the Piincess de Solmi. who was the widow of Prince Henri of Orange. On the walls of its various rooms
hang paintings by Levens. Van Thulden and Jordaens. There are Chinese and Japanese rooms, furnished in
the pure style of these countries, and in which are collected the choicest specimens of Oriental art. This
old and beautiful palace was voluntarily proffered by the young Queen of Holland for the uses of the com
mission.
MAY PROVE
DREYFUS IS
INNOCENT
Italian Government's Secret
Information Did Not
Deal With Him.
ESTERHAZY THE MAN
All of the Evidence So Far Pub
lished Points Directly
to Him.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, April 13.— The Eclaire to-day
publishes the deposition made by M.
Trarieux, the former Minister of Jus
tice in the Ribaut Cabinet, before the
Court of Cassation in its inquiry into
the Dreyfus case. M. Trarieux said
that Count Torneilli-Brusatti Diver-
gano, the Italian Embassador to France,
declared to him in March, 1898, that
the Italian Secret Information Bureau
never had any relations with Dreyfus,
and that the publication of the bor
dereau and the document containing
the words "cette canaille de d " re
vealed to the Italian and German, at
taches that Dreyfus was the victim of
an error and that the bordereau was
communicated by another office]-.
Colonel Schwartzkoppen, Ihe German
military attache of the German' em
bassy at Paris, wrote to Colonel Paniz
zardi, the Italian military attache at
Paris, that he was not acquainted with
Dreyfus and attributed the bordereau
to Count Esterhazy. The Italian Em
bassador said Esterhazy went to Colonel
Schwartzkoppen in 1897 and asked for
protection, and on this being refused he
threatened to commit suicide. The
Italian Embassador added that the
document containing the words "cette
canaille de d " referred to a civilian
who had furnished Colonel Schwartz
koppen with plans and maps. The lat
ter was known to the foreign- attaches
under the name of "Dubois."
Finally the Italian Minister said he
was convinced after interviews wijh
.M. Hanotaux, the then Minister of
Foreign Affairs, that the communica
tion of Lieutenant Colonel Henry's for
gery in the Zola trial was made with
out the knowledge of the Government.
He also said that Esterhazy had rela
tions solely with Colonel Schwartz
koppen, who communicated to Colonel
Panlzzardi the documents which were
interesting to Italy.
AN UNDERTAKER TELLS
OF THE EMBALMED BEEF
While Serving as a Soldier in Porto
Rico the Bad Meat Made
Him Sick.
WASHINGTON, April 13.— When the
Wade court of inquiry convened to-day
Rudolph K. Spicer, a funeral director and
nmbalmer of Harrisburg, Pa-, testified he
was a member of the Fourth Pennsyl
vania regiment and served In Porto Rico.
He had paid especial attention to the meat
Issue. The cooks had found it necessary
The San Francisco Call.
THE FILIPINOS FLEE
BEFORE GEN. LAWTON
MANILA, April 13.— expedition
under Major General Lawton
yesterday moved twelve miles
further north along the lake,
taking two towns, Longos and
Paete. A squadron of the Fourth Cav
alry was left to garrison Santa Cruz.
There was only desultory shooting
from the retreating enemy until the
advance reached Paete, the center of
the insurgent's military government, in
the district of Laguna de Bad. Here the
road is Hanked by steep hills on each
side, oti which the insurgents had con
structed great log trenches, and there
were trenches also across the road.
The North Dakota regiment ran into
a cross fire and squads of five sharp
shooters each were sent up the steep
hills and through the thick brush to
flank the insurgents.
On" squad of .the North Dakota regi
ment suddenly came to the insurgent
trenches, halting when only fifteen
yards off. Only one man in this squad
got away unhurt.
The gunboats shelled the insurgent's
position for an hour. The enemy was
finally driven out. Our loss was five
killed and two wounded, the greatest
loss Lawton has yet sustained.
The launches captured Tuesday are.
worth $60,000. The expedition has not
sufficient men to leave garrisons in the
towns taken.
At about 4 o'clock this morning a
small body of rebels attacked the camp
of the Third Artillery from the swamp
near Paomboan, a mile and a half west
of Malolos. Two privates were killed
and a lieutenant and two others were
wounded. . • ;jr
With the coming of daylight the
American forces scoured the district,
driving the rebels northward and kill
ing several of them. A private soldier
of the Montana regiment was wounded.
Francisco Reyes, the man who re
cently purchased the Spanish gunboats
at Zamboanga, island of Mindanao, has
received advices to the effect that the
fleet sailed for Manila and returned a
few days later with the vessels stripped
of their guns and ammunition. The
purchaser's agents and the native crews
for the vessels, on board the American
steamer Butuan, were convoyed to
Zamboanga by the United States cruis
er Boston and were instructed to await
for the arrival there of the United
States gunboat Petrel. Instead of do
ing so, after the Boston sailed for Zam
boanga, the Spaniards transferred their
gunboats to the agents of Senor Reyes
and the fleet left Zamboanga unescort
ed. It soon returned and reported hav
ing been looted by rebels, who removed
the gunboats' armament. If the in
structions of the American naval com
manders had been obeyed, their cap
ture would have been impossible. .
Zamboanga is fortified and still gar-
to cut off two or three inches of the re
frigerator beef because of the greenish
discoloration.
"I also noticed crystalline scales on this
meat," he said. "It was generally in the
joints, and.it occurred to me that some
article like soda or boracic acid had been
used on the meat." '
He had eaten of this meat only once,
and it made him sick.
Mr Spicer found the canned roast beef
Slimy and disagreeable. Much of it had
been thrown away by the > men.
The official report of Dr. H. L. Bigelow
of the Agricultural Department; who -was
selected to make an investigation of the
canned roast beef, was submitted.
Dr. Bigelow visited Chicago, Kansas
City and Omafca with 'the commission,
and he gave the results of his observa
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, APRIL 14, 1899.
CALIFORNIA BOYS TO
COME HOME FIRST
Only That Much Is Known at the
War Department as to the
Government's Intentions.
■ pALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASHING- »
*£ I TON, April 13.— Assistant Secretary Melklejohn says he cannot ft
8 I state definitely when the California Regiment can be expected §
So V-> home. All depends on the time the regulars reach Manila and 25
v the transportation facilities. He believes, however, that as soon <>
•-, as the regulars now en route reach there several volunteer regiments _
4 » will be sent home in the transports that have carried the regulars to &
0 Manila. The First California will be one of the first released, because 0
"S the regiments will be transported home in the order they were' assigned ___
2? to- duty there. O
O i".
risoned.by Spaniards, and the affair is
regarded as suspicious.
AGUINALDO KILLING
ALL HIS OPPONENTS
NEW YORK, April 13.— A . Manila
cable to the Sun says: The story that
the Filipino general, Ricarte, ' had been
put to death after trial on a charge of
sedition is confirmed. 'It is reported
that six other officers, including a
colonel, have been put to death for the
same reason. __ -.
SOUTH DAKOTA
WANTS HER SONS
PIERRE, S. D., April 13.— Governor
Lee has written to President McKinley
demanding the return of 'the South
Dakota volunteers from the Philip
pines. He recites the facts of enlist
ment to fight for humanity against
Spain, declares that "the South Da
kota volunteers have fulfilled every
obligation which they owe to their
country and its flag," arid that they
should be allowed to return home. He
says:
"We view their present or future de
tention as unconstitutional ahd as a
violation of the law which called the
organization into being and feci that
they should not be retained against
their will, against the. law and against
the moral sense of the people of our
State, without offering some ! subject
tions and experiments upon various sam
ples of beef used by the packing houses
in canning. Dr. Bigelow had been present
when beef was selected for canning and
he 'presented numerous tables giving the
results of his investigations.
AMENDING THE ORDINANCE.
Los Angeles Men Who Sell Liquor,
Except Clubmen, Not Satisfied.
LOS ANGELES, April j 13.— The. new; li
quor ordinance stands a chance of under
going a process of amending, cutting and
adding that will mutilate it beyond the
possibility of recognition. Druggists
want it so fixed that It will be more len
ient and permit the sale of : liquors in
quantities less than one-fifth of a gallon.
GOMEZ WILL
REPRESENT
THE CUBANS
Accepts the Trust to Nego
tiate All Matters With
the Americans.
CHOSEN BY GENERALS
Civil Officers Who Served During
the War for Independence Will
Be Paid With Troops.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HAVANA, April 13.— Twelve gen
| erals and many other officers of the
I First and Second Army Corps of the
j Cuban forces met at Bayamo yesterday
and decided to name General Maximo
1 Gomez as the representative of the Cv
! ban army to the Americans, with full
power to treat for the army. There were
120 votes in favor of Gomez and 12
against him.
The Cuban generals this afternoon
I waited upon General Maximo Gomez
officially and informed him that they
desired him to represent the army in
j any negotiations with the United States
military authorities in Cuba. General
Gomez accepted the trust, after which
all waited upon Governor General
Brooke to discuss with him the details
of disarmament and payment.
General Gomez proposed that after
the work of disbanding was completed
the council of generals should be con
tinued under the presidency of General
Bartolc-me Masso as the head and front
of Cuban interests, a provisional Cuban
government assisting in promoting Cv
■ ban welfare under the control of the
Americans. In his opinion the Cuban
! officers, as well as the men of the rank
i and file, should receive a share of the
$3,000,000, especially as many of these,
j he said, were to-day in extreme want.
His suggestion was that such officers
I as did not need the money allotted them
! might turn it back to the account of
i the soldiers.
reason for so doing."
He declares the present course "re
pugnant to the fundamental principles
of this Government, a violation of the
declaration of independence, a repudi
ation of the theory upon which we en
gaged in the war with Spain and ut
terly inconsistent with your Excellen
cy's splendid announcement respecting
the policy to be pursued toward Cuba."
He says the people are "unable to
countenance the present attempt of
this Government to enforce title with
bayonets to a nation of brown men
purchased from a disgraced and van
quished despot and regard the further
sacrifice of our soldiers, in a conflict
waged against liberty and in the in
terest of exploiting capitalism, as total
ly incompatible with the spirit of our
institutions." " -
NATIVES SAID TO BE
DESERTING AGUINALDO
WASHINGTON, April President
McKinley to-day received a dispatch
from Dr. Schurman, president of the
Philippine Commission now at Manila.
This message says that the proclama
tion recently issued has done great
good and that Filipinos are visiting the
commissioners every day to express
their satisfaction and their desire to
become citizens of this country. The
message also stated that Filipinos com
ing into Manila declare that Aguinal
do's government is tyrannical and that
many natives are deserting from his
standard each day.
Wholesale dealers' demand an amendment
that will exempt from tax all places
where liquor is not drunk upon the prem
ises. Restaurant men never did like the
addition to their license tax,, and retail
dealers are disappointed in not securing
a repeal instead of a revision of the ordi
nance.
All dealers seem to have been provided
for in the ordinance,- except incorporated
clubs, that have their bars and continue
to observe such. hours ns they please for
dispensing I refreshments. The effect Is
expected to be increased members!.}.) of
clubs that enjoy bar, privileges not re
stricted .by the .new' ordinance.- It Is
claimed that the ordinance does, not ap
ply ;to clubs _ operating under, a charter
from the ' State, and that no municipal
legislation . can - abridge j the . liberties . they
enjoy.
ADMIRAL KAUTZ
TO BE SUSTAINED
BY THE PRESIDENT
• The Pretender Mataafa, With His Sister and Hist
j . Council of Advisers. f
From a Photograph Taken in September, IS9B. T
NEW YORK, April 13.—
The Herald's Washington
correspondent sends the
following: Rear Admiral Kautz
has the entire approval of the
President for his action in dis
banding the government of Ma
taafa. in crowning Malietoa Tanu
and in his subsequent efforts to
establish peace and protect life
and property in Apia.
A cablegram to this effect was
sent to the Rear Admiral to-day,
and he was at the same time in
structed to maintain Malietoa
Tanu in power pending the ar
rival of the joint commission, and
to continue his efforts to main
tain order.
Baron Speck yon Sternberg, First
Secretary of the German embassy here,
called at the State Department to-day
and notified Secretary Hay of his ap
pointment as the German member of
the Joint Samoan Commission. The
President and Secretary Hay are
pleased with Germany's choice, as
Baron yon Sternberg is popular in dip
lomatic and official . circles, and with
him on the commission it is believed
that a satisfactory solution of the en
tire Samoan question can be reached. •
Great Britain has not yet entirely
! agreed to. the proposition of the Ger
man Government that the three com
missioners must be unanimous .upon all
points in dispute before action can r be
taken, she desiring that on certain
points the three Governments agree in'
advance to act upon the report of the
majority of the commission.
Germany has, moreover, not yet
abandoned the ' position she has as
sumed that before the commission shall
commence its work' the United States
and Great ' Britain agree to restore the
conditions which existed prior to the
installation of Malietoa Tanu as King.
These' matters are capable' of prompt
diplomatic adjustment, and the belief
of the administration that the German
Government will recede from its posi
tion is indicated by the instructions
sent to Rear Admiral Kautz.
.'< As told' to me' to-day these will be
the instructions' under which the com
mission will act:
: "The commission shall proceed to
Apia, where it will at once make an
examination of the situation.. The
Consuls will be continued in office and
directed to proceed with the adminis
tration of government affairs and : to
report to the commission any point
upon which they .fail to agree, the com
mission to take action thereon and the
naval commanders and consular offi
cers to carry out its decision.
"In the meantime each Consul will
make a separate investigation and will"
report his findings to his Government,
with such recommendations as he may
deem advisable, though the commis
sioners will report to the entire com
mission the discoveries made by each
and endeavor to unite upon recommen
dations as to the establishment of peace
and order, as to changes which should
be made in the consular representation
in Apia, and as to amendments to the
treaty in order to prevent a recurrence
of the conditions which have existed
since January 1."
An important point to be determined
upon the arrival of the commission is
as to the native to be selected to oc
cupy the throne. The United States
and. Great Britain are a unit in object
ing to the establishment of Mataafa
in power and Germany objects to
Malietoa Tanu. Germany, it is be
lieved, will appreciate the necessity of
withdrawing her support i from Mataa-
NEW YORK, April 13.— Sun
cable* from London says:
Whether Chief Justice Chambers
will receive instructions from
America in regard to the German
planter who is alleged to have
urged the Mataafans to fight is
a matter of doubt, as the Chief
Justice is already empowered by
the terms of the Berlin treaty to
shoot him if he is found guilty.
fa, who will undoubtedly be returned to
exile. It is the expectation that a
compromise will be reached by the
Commissioners and that a third
Samoan will be enthroned, possibly
Tamasese, who was elected Vice King:
with Malietoa Tanu. Fifteen years ago
Tamasese was liked by the Germans
and would probably not be objection
able now to Great Britain and the
United States.
As the plan to have the members
get away on the Mariposa, sailing on
the 19th, was no longer feasible, the
transport Badger, now at Callao. Peru,
on her way to San Francisco, was
placed at the disposal of the commis
sion.
It is possible, however, that a meet
ing may be held in Washington.
The killing of American and British
sailors will be one of the matters inves
tigated by the commission, it having
especially been brought to their atten
tion in the instructions already agreed
upon. It is confidently expected that
fighting will have ceased by the time
of the arrival of the commission at
Apia, but should it still be in progress
an ample force will be landed from. the
warships of the three powers, the Ma
taafans subdued and Mataafa placed
under arrest.
The German Commissioner, Baron
Sternberg, belongs to a distinguished
German family. He devoted his early
life to the study of military and naval
science. He fought through the Fran
co-Prussian war in the Second' Saxon
Dragoons, was promoted lieutenant at
the age of" 17 and was decorated for per
sonal bravery. He served as military
attache in Washington prior to enter
ing the diplomatic .service. He was
appointed secretary of the German le
gation at Peking, serving as charge
d'affaires during the important period
of the China-Japanese war. - Later he
was appointed charge at Belgrade. In
1897 he was appointed - counselor and
first secretary of the embassy in Wash
ington and has served here since then.
GERMANY SHOWS r
SIGNS OF WEAKENING
BERLIN, April 13.— The United
Wallaroo and Goldfinch, British Warships Ordered
to Samoa.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
States embassy at noon to-day gave the
correspondent of the Associated Press
the following statement:
"We have received from the Foreign
Office an account of the latest conflict
in Samoa. The German Government
expressed sympathy and took occasion
to urge the adoption of the unanimity
rule in the findings of the Samoa com
mission in order that the German com
missioner, Baron Speck yon Sternberg,
might sail for Samoa at the earliest
moment possible. The German Gov
ernment urged that only the early ar
rival of the commission would prevent'
further serious bloodshed. This morn
ing Baron yon Bulo.w Informed the
American Embassador that Great Brit
ain has at last agreed to the unanimity
rule, the United States also agreeing
to it, and the commission can probably
proceed to the islands without delay."
The German press this morning gives
its news calmly and mostly without
comment. The Cologne Gazette re
marks: "We need not say that if the
guilt of the manager of the plantation
is proven Germany will approve of his
arrest and demand his punishment. We
will not defend the behavior of a Ger
man abroad merely because he is a
German."
The Cologne Gazette also admits that
Dr. Raffel, the German president of the
Municipal Council of Apia, acted ille
gally in closing the Chief Justice's of
fice, and says: "The other powers, we
also hope, will admit the illegal acts of
their representatives."
The Tageblatt calls the arrest of the
manager of the German plantation
where the ambuscade took place illegal,
saying: "Our Consul is the only com
petent judge."
The Lokal Anseiger expresses the
opinion that the affair shows the need
of prompt action by the commission.
The Vossische Zeitung says: "What
ever, action, the . German Government
takes, it will find itself fully backed up
by the Reichstag."
A number of leading papers, like the
Deutsche Zeitung, Schlesische Zeitung
and Hanover Courier, point out the ne
cessity of a larger navy. \y.:,y
The Reichstag interpellation on the
subject of Samoa is signed by a major
ity of the Center, Reichs party, Con
servatives and National Liberals, and
asks the Government for information
regarding "events in Samoa which have
injured German interests so seriously,"
and also requests information regarding
the measures taken or intended to be
taken by the Government under the
circumstances. The interpellation has
been allowed, and will be the main sub
ject for discussion in the Reichstag on
Friday.2
MATAAFA'S MEN ARE
CUNNING COWARDS
THE followers of Mataafa are not only |
cowards, but they are hard to hit. J.
W. Hyland, correspondent of the Lon
don Echo, Is authority for the state
ment, and he has had particularly good
opportunities for investigation. He was j
at Apia, part of the time at the now his- ;
toric Tivoli Hotel and part of the time I
on the United States cruiser Philadelphia, :
preceding and following the bombardment i
of the refractory natives by the com
bined fleets of America and England.
"The dusky beggars." he said, "lie on
' their bellies when they fire and then roll
away on the ground before you know it.
They will not stay still as ordinary light
ers, and the way they can shin up a tree
would do credit to a monkey."
Mr. Hyland, who is making an around
the-world tour for his paper, arrived at
Apia on March 16 on the steamer Taviuni :
from the Tonga Islands. With him were :
half a dozen Australian and English peo
ple, including A. S. Boyd, a staff artist
of the London Graphic. They took ac- I
commodations at the Tivoli Hotel on the
beach, and their first night in Samoa was
punctuated by bullets by both the rebel
natives and the English and American
marines. Death was probably at any hour,
and sleep was impossible. As it was, two
of the American marines who had gained ,
the hotel porch were killed by the weap
ons of Mataafa's men. That one night i
was enough for the tourists of .the Tavi
unl. The next . morning they went on
the various ships in the harbor, it falling j
to the lot of Mr. Hyland to go on the 1
Philadelphia, where, he says, he was
treated In the best possible manner, Lieu
tenant Lansdale, who was killed in the j
ambuscade reported In The Call dispatch j
of April 12, going so far as to give up his
cabin to the English correspondent.
"The first thing that happened of any
consequence," said Mr. Hyland yesterday,
"after our night In the Tivoli Hotel was
the order of Admiral Kautz to the Ger
man ship Falke to move out of the line
of fire. She was between the Philadelphia i
and the beach. The German captain
moved out without protestation, as far as
I could see. The American admiral at that
time, as far as I knew, intended to shell
the German places of refuge of the Ma
taafa men. the Tivoli Hotel included.- The
Tivoli was known to be a nest of the \
Mataafa people, and it was undermined
by order of the American admiral, ready
to be knocked down at any time.
"The most beautiful thing in the whole
affair to my mind," said Mr. Hyland,
"is the concert of action between the i
Americans and British. Before we left
Apia the refugees used to go for strolls
along the beach, which was patrolled by
marines from the American and British
warships, ten feet apart, for the entire
distance. We kept away from the woods
and such possible ambuscades as I see I
by The Call dispatches the poor marines
fell into. Another thing in the wav of
harmony between the English-speaking
navies was shown by the action of the
Porpoise before we left. For several days
fhe would go out in the morning for a
cruise along the shores and at night i
would come in, Invariably with seven or
eight captured canoes and their native
occupants. As soon as she cast anchor :
Captain Sturdee would make a call on
Admiral Kautz and have a social glass."
Mr. Hyland is of the opinion that the j
action of German Consul Rose throughout
the whole matter has beep actuated by
the fact that his wife is a half-caste
woman. The Echo correspondent left
Samoa on the Mariposa on March 2(5, and
while matters were in as serious a con
dition as he describes, he had no idea that
there was any possibility of affairs taking I
on any such serious aspect as reported in .
The Call of Wednesday. He leaves this
evening for theY'osemite, and upon his re
turn from that place will start for the
East and the Paris Exposition.
MISHAP THAT COST
LANSDALE'S LIFE
In the cabled reports received by The
Call of the recent disastrous engagement
at Apia it was stated that Lieutenant
Lansdale and his comrades met their
death through the jamming of the Colt's
automatic gun at a critical moment The
little body of a hundred English and
American bluejackets was ambuscaded
on Yailele, one of the German planta
tions, by an immensely superior force of
Samoans, and just at the time when ma
chine-gun fire, judiciously applied, would
have saved the party the Coll automatic
gun Is stated to have hopelessly jammed.
Lieutenant Lansdale lost his life while
trying to get the gun Into action again.
Freeman of the Tauranga and several
marines were killed at the same time.
I. R. B. Grubb, who is the Pacific Coast
agent for the Colt Patent Firearms Man
ufacturing Company, is utterly at a loss
to account for the occurrence.
"l cannot believe," he said yesterday,
"that a Colt automatic gun could behave
In this way. Why, the weapon was sub
jected to the most exhaustive series .if
tests before being adopted by the Navy
©apartment. The pun has Seen used with
great effect in Cut. a and Porto Rico, as
well as in the Philippines, and no case
of Its jamming has ever been reported be
fore. You will notice, too, that in the
official report of the engagement nothing
is said about the misbehavior of the
weapon. Therefore I should prefer to
wait until the naval officers engaged
make a detailed statement before' admit
ting the possibility of such a mischance."
The Colt automatic gun in question is
universally recognized as the most ad
vanced instrument of modern murderous
warfare. Designed solely for military
purposes, it is In many ways an im
provement on the English Maxim, which
recently wrought such terrible havoc on
the Dervish forces in the Soudan. -It Is
constructed to use any kind of rifle am
munition, and the force of the recoil is
utilized to keep the gun working. Thus
all the gunner in charge has to do is to
hold his hand on the trigger and the gun
will pour out a stream of lead in any de
sired direction. To prevent heating the
barrel is made of extra thick metals, and
the cartridges are fed by means of an
endless baud. It is easy, as long as am
munition lasts, to fire a hundred w. .1
aimed rounds a minute with this weapon,
ami doubtless had the gun been brought
into effective action the bush could have
been cleared of Samoans before they
found i.me to seriously assault the An
glo-American forces.
The cartridge used in this weapon la
similar in shape to that of the Mauser,
or Lee-Metford rifles. The only differ
ence Is that the caliber is 6 instead of 7
millimeters. The bullet is of lead encased
With steel, and the. shell is made of thick
solid drawn brass.
"It would be impossible for one of these
shells to . burst , aud jam the gun," ex
claimed Grubb, as he lovingly . han
dled the dangerous little plaything. "I
cannot believe such a thing could hap
pen."
NEW ZEALAND IS
ANXIOUS TO FIGHT
LONDON, April 13.— The Premier of
New Zealand, the Right Hon. R. G.
W. HYLAND, CORRESPONDENT OF THE LONDON ECHO,
Seddon, has cabled to the Agent Gen
eral of New Zealand here, the Hon. W.
P. Reeves, saying:
"We deeply regret the adversity which
has overtaken our forces in Samoa.
Inform the Secretary of State that New
! Zealand will do anything possible to
render assistance in the emergency
; which has arisen. Our steamer is
; awaiting orders at Auckland. The Dep-
I uty Governor has communicated to the
Admiralty at Sydney that the Mildora,
■ a British third-class cruiser detailed for
the protection of floating trade in Aus
-1 tralasian waters, is on her way to
! Raratonga with the Governor."
The comment of the afternoon news
papers on the Samoan situation is
mostly a repetition of the remarks
made in the editorial columns of the
morning papers.
The Globe declares that the mainte
nance of the German Consul at his post
is an act of apparent unfriendliness
which requires to be explained.
LETTER FROM SAMOA
READS LIKE PROPHECY
NEW YORK. April 13.— The follow
ing Is taken from a letter just received
by a gentleman in New York from an
American friend at Apia, Samoa, which
was written on March 23:
"It Is rot Improbable that Mataafa's '
men will soon resort to the fire stick, and j
it is thus possible that the whole of Apia '•
may soon go up in smoke, as on a dark i
night one or two determined men could
easily crawl In and set the town on fire |
In different places. Several days ago all j
persons living between the British con
sulate at Vaiala and a point beyond the !
Tivoli Hotel, in Apia proper, were ordered i
COLT'S ATTOMATIC GUN, USED BY LANDING PARTY
AT APIA,
THE SAX FRANCISCO. CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 14, 1899.
, to vacate by the American and English
1 naval authorities. A mine has been placed
i under the Tivoli Hotel, so that if Ma
. taafa s men attempted to rush and occupy
; it they would be blown higher than they
, ever were before. It was from the Tivoli
I on the night of March 14 that a signal
was made just previous to the attack by
Mataafa s men, in which three English
sailors were killed. A spy gave the sig
nal. Poor Samoa has never seen such
times before. I fear that American and
English blood will be spilled before many
more days have passed, but this will not
end the trouble. You may be sure that if
■ Americans and Englishmen are killed Ger
■ man blood will flow also."
* *
MRS. KAUTZ VERY
ANXIOUS ABOUT SAMOA
LOS ANGELES, April 13. — Mrs.
Kautz, wife of the admiral whom the
Samoan trouble has brought into prom
inence, and Mrs. Miller, wife of Ad
miral Kautz' flag lieutenant, are in
Los Angeles. They have been at Coro
nado Beach since the admiral's flagship,
the Philadelphia, sailed from San Diego
in February. The last letters the ladies
had from their husbands were on Sun
day, and these reported that all looked
quiet and hopeful. Having heard no dis
turbing reports before leaving San
Diego yesterday it was a shock to both
to learn on their arrival here that af
fairs had taken so serious a turn and
that there had been bloodshed.
Mrs. Kautz and Mrs. Miller, who vis
ited the newspaper offices this morning
to read the latest dispatches, were both
nervously eager for news from the far
away Islands.
"I know poor Mrs. Lansdale well,"
said Mrs. Kautz, in a voice broken with
sympathy. "We are so vitally inter
ested in every word, and it is so hard
to wait for dispatches which must be
! carried by ship."
They passed a portion of the day at
| Santa Monica and Pasadena and will
leave on this evening's train for San
Francisco, where they will remain in-
finitely.
•_
FOUR HUNDRED WERE
KILLED IN THE BATTLE
Result of a Conflict in Peru Between
the President's Forces and
Insurgents.
Special Cable to The ('all and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by .James Gor
don Bennett. .■„ '■ •..-.'■>
LIMA, Peru, April 13.— The train with
President Alonzo, Senor Ichazo, General
Lopez, Minister of War, Senor Herrero
and others,- with a bodyguard of forty,
arrived to-night at Antofagasta.
The total number killed in battle near
Oruro between the insurgents and the
President's forces was more than 400. The
Indians are quiet.
Railway traffic has been re-established.
President Alonzo's Ministers, who re
i mained at Oruro, were unmolested.
MERCHANTS
OF SAMOA IN
BAD STRAITS
Business Is at a. Standstill
in the Vicinity of
Apia.
ONE SEEKS SAFETY
While on the Philadelphia His
Stock Has Been Stolen and
Plantation Plundered.
The sudden outbreak of war in Samoa,
with its attendant destruction of life and
property, has caused considerable anxiety
in mercantile circles in this city. There
are quite a number of firms interested in
the Samoan trade, sending regular sup
plies of goods to the islands, or importing
copra and other native produce. Last
Friday, when the Mariposa, arrived, the
lamentable state of trade on Apia Beach
was made manifest by the lack of corre
spondence. Instead of substantial orders
for large stocks "of trade there were but
few letters, and those of a kind indicating
the utmost despair.
John Wightman Jr., who acts as the
Pacific Coast agent for the leading Apia
storekeeper, W. Blacklock, reports that
he received but a few despairing lines
from his client tins mail, pointing out that
under existing conditions it would be im
possible to give further orders for goods.
TBlacklock is the moving spirit of the
American colony in Apia and for many
years acted as Vice Consul.
The wealthiest American citizen in Apia
is D. S. Parker, who is a familiar figure
in San Francisco. Years ago Parker had
the good fortune to Invest his savings, ac
cumulated by island trade, in San Fran
cisco real estate. These investments were
made so Judiciously that now Parker is
the lucky owner of much revenue produc
ing property in this city, and is compara
tively independent of the fluctuations of
native trade. Yet even he despairs, as
his last letter to Hooper, Jennings & Co.,
his agents here, shows. Parker owns a
large estate just outside Apia, on which
he has built several fine residences, one
of which was occupied, until the recent
outbreak, by Judge Chambers, the Ameri
can Chief Justice of the Samoan Supreme
Court. Judge Chambers has long ago
been compelled to flee to the United States
war vessel for protection, and so has poor
Parker, as his letter tells. He writes
from Apia on the 23d of March just a
week before the lamentable conflict in
which Lieutenants Lansdale of the Phila
delphia and Freeman of the Tauranga
lost their lives and heads.
After referring to some business mat
ters, he writes: "There are terrible times
here, and business is completely stopped
owing to the war. The American and
English vessels are shelling the rebels,
and nearly all the foreigners, with their
families, are on board the war vessels.
Myself and family are on board the Phila
delphia. We nave lived there for several
days past, and do not know how long we
will have to remain. My farm, about two
miles from the harbor, where I have 100
acres of land and four houses, is at the
mercy of the rebels. My house has been
looted, horses, cattle and pigs) all killed,
and I expect my other houses will be
burned. Very likely my store on the
beach will go also. At the best I will be
a great loser. American and English sail
ors are ashore protecting the town, while
the warships are continually throwing
shells inland. The English have lost three
killed, the Americans one, besides some
wounded.
"King Malietoa was crowned to-day,
and saluted by the Americans and En-,
glish. I hope to hear some good news by
to-morrow's mail steamer. The Germans
are keeping neutral. They have been the
whole cause of the trouble, but I think
they have seen their day. Apia is under
martial law; one cannot go ten yards
without a permit. I am not sending for
anything this mail. Please send me pa
pers with Samoan news."
The last sentence is indicative of poor
Parker's state of isolation. He is unable
to order any more goods for his store,
and actually appeals to his San Francisco
agents for news concerning Samoan af
fairs.
Messrs. Healy. Tibbltts „ Co., the con
tractors for the Pago Pago coaling. sta
tion on Tutulla, are also considerably
concerned about the recent outbreak.
They fail to see how they can carry out
the work of building the coaling station
and wharf peacefully and profitably if
they are to be subject to constant at
tacks by savage natives. The firm did
not take the contract with the expecta
tion of having to wage a small war on its
own account, and it Is looking to
Washington for protection. It was stated
that the armed collier Sclndia, which
came around the Horn with the lowa,
was to be sent at once to Apia. Still It is
doubtful whether she can be made ready
for sea in less than a month, and the
Brutus may possibly be dispatched to
Tutulla instead. Meanwhile Healy, Tib
bltts & Co. have commenced loading tho
Cardigan Castle, a British iron ship, with
stores and construction material. She
should be ready to sail for Pago Pago by
the end of the month and the firm is nat
urally anxious to insure protection for
this valuable cargo. The Secretary of the
Navy has had its view of the .case -fully
placed before him, and a definite an
nouncement is dally expected from Wash
ington.
COMING CONVENTION"
OF THE EPWORTH LEAGUE
Delegates Who Will Meet at Santa
Cruz as the Guests of That
City.
SANTA CRUZ. April 13.— The Methodist
young people of this city are very active j
and are making great preparations for j
the Epworth League convention, which Is
to be held in the local Methodist church,
commencing to-morrow evening and con- 1
tinuing over Sunday. The delegation will j
be large and all are to be entertained, at :
the homes of citizens.
The church is being decorated in a very ,
elaborate manner. The delegates who will
be present are:
Campbells— F. H. Tlbbetts, E. Hurlbut, Delia!
Cook, Ella Wade.
College Park— R. J. Coyne, D. M. ft. Cross,
E. Grigs, M. Hopkins, Mrs. A. Wayne, Miss
M. McCllsh, Miss L. Shearer, Mies A. John
ston. Miss Mabel Wright.
Gilroy— Wolf, M. L. Hagerdorn, C. Miner,
Rev. and Mrs. Thompson, Miss Lola Miner, I
Miss Myrtle Klous, Miss.Josle Lawson.
Gonzales— Rev. E. B. Robertson.
Holllster— Miss Bertha Wyman, Miss Luella
Rockllff.
Lorenzo— Mrs. Annie Peery, Fornla Bennett.
Los Gatos — Spencer, T. Martin, S.
Lamb. J. Crummy, Misses Ibble Case, Mabel
Warwick, Lou Penny, Carrie Gllllary, Vivian
Gelatt, Libble Crummy.
Morgan Hill— Rev. and Mrs. Peters.
New Almaden— Rev. J. W. Buxton.
Pacific Grove— H. Scott, G. Fltzslmmons. H.
B. Winston, Misses Sabine, Maud Sherwood
May White, Etta B. Lloyd.
Palo Alto— R. K. Swain, Misses Moe, Baring
and Harriet Cuthbertson.
Redwood City— Mrs. E. W. Vasque, Sophie
Salberg, Edna Wilson. ■
Salinas— Cleona Hopps, May Howard, Rev.
and Mrs. J. W. Bryant. Mrs. Bassett.
Saratoga— Rev. Mr. Gober, Mrs, Etta Mc-
Grew.
San Jose— A. L. Peterson, L. Erkart, C. S.
Osgood, W. L. Lean, D. Buck, H. Hunter. H.
S. Kumna. L. Harter, J. Williams. E. Wright,
Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Bennett. Misses Mary Rum
mer, Rena Johnston, May Koerber, Lottie Man- j
zer, Elizabeth Blalsdall, Olive Alexander, Em- i
ma Jordan, Addle Dungstan, Minnie Frick, i
Jessie Nichols, Tessie Crothers, Lottie Bow
man, Iva Cutler. Helen Hansen, Mrs. A. Wil- i
liams, Mrs. F. Soderstrom.
Watsonville— H. Richardson, Rev. and Mrs.
Pettis, A. Hyde, Lizzie Berg, Christine Nllsen,
Bertha Hyde, Tiny Fisher.
Mayfleld D. D, Cool.
Banta Clara— L. A. Offrclrl. A. Harris, A. B.
McNeil, Mi- and Mrs. McSaunders, Mr. and
Mrs. J. B. Worthlngton. Misses Nora Fa_sett,
Bessie Harris,' Blanche Horr.
Powell street. Han Francisco— F. Fish, W.
Simmons. Mrs. c C. Bruce, Mrs. F. Channlng,
Misses Ethel I'rmy, Clara Noutre, Vlnnle
Craig.
California street, Ban __»»«*■*<•«_-_. c. Chun-
HOW THE CALL BEAT THE WORLD.
I For a Distance of More Than Four-Fifths of the Circumfer- ♦
1 ence of the World the Samoan Story Traveled. i
8?
* yyy
f\ VER four-fifths of the circum-
I I ference of the globe was the
X I distance traversed by the mes
x \_J sage from Apia to San Fran
-28 Cisco which told, first to the
55 readers of The Call, and later to the
+ entire civilized world, that the Sa-
S3 moan savages had slain Lieutenants
X Freeman and Lansdale, and En
♦ sign Monaghan, of the British and
•3 American navies, and in transmit-
Z. ting this thrilling information to
} The Call the Western Union Tele
n« graph Company, with its cable con
*+ nections, performed one of the most
£» remarkable feats in telegraphy.
» The message was conveyed by the
28 steamer Alameda from Apia to
X Auckland, New Zealand, where it
? was immediately turned over to the
2? telegraph and cable company. In-
X stead of transmitting the message
T in the special cipher The Call has
8? arranged for Samoan news, the cor
♦
B ♦S2+SS+SS-*? S ♦ SS ♦ SS X. 3* ♦ 33+SS-o-SS+S*-*:!
dler, R. H. Overton. Mrs. H. E. Lincoln, Mrs.
E. Griffith, Miss Annie Powell.
Epworth, San Francisco— W. Vance, Theodora
Harvey. Carrie Nelson, Mrs. Boscow.
Howard street. San Francisco— Mesdames J.
B Wilson J. B. Clifford. A. Chandler. Shat
tuck. Walters, Klopper, O. R. Adams. W. L.
Hughes, Misses Haushalter, Veale, Morrison,
t_amb, Captain Jennings, Messrs. Moore, O. R.
Adams, W. L. Hughes.
Chinese Mission, San Francisco— Lee Fong
Hay, Lan Ming Doe, J. B. Landon.
Grace Church, San Francisco— J. C. Tooker,
F R Buller, C. Jacobs, J. Martin. Mr. and
Mrs. Knox. Mrs. Snook, Mrs. E. Birth. E.
Salter, I. Perl. , _''_*, _. . .
Potrero Church. San Francisco— Miss Mabel
Woodward. , _ _ ,
Simpson Memorial Church, San Francisco-
Miss M. Hudson.
Central Church, San Francisco— Miss Susie
Abbott. Cruz-Mrs. H. D. Smith, Mrs. .....
Santa Cruz- Mrs. H. D. Smith. Mr? Lottie
Izant, Mrs. Walter Anthony. Misses Etta Sr.e
decor, Mania Holway. Helen Weber, May
Grant Harry Carter, Frank Casebeer.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
General Shafter Having Given His
Beef testimony. Will Return
to San Francisco.
■■WASHINGTON, April 13.— Major Gen
eral William R. Shafter. United States
Volunteers, accompanied by his aid, Cap
tain Edward H. Plummer, Tenth United
States Infantry, having completed the
duty for which he was ordered to this
city, will proceed to San Francisco.
The transfer of Second Lieutenant Earle
W. Tanner from the First United States
Artillery to the Seventeenth United States
Infantry,' with rank in infantry arm, is
announced. He will proceed to San Fran
cisco and report in person to the com
mand^ general, Department of Cali
fornia, for assignment to duty with troops
en route to the Philippine Islands, where
he will join his regiment, and the regi
mental commander will assign him to a
company.
Hospital Steward Alfred E. Silver
thorne, Jefferson barracks, Missouri, will
be sent to San Francisco. Ho will report
upon arrival there to the commanding
general, Department of California, for
transportation to Manila.
Captain Charles F. Kleffer, assistant
surgeon, United States army, is relieved
from further duty at Fort Meade, South
Dakota, and will proceed to San Iran
cisco and report in person to the com
manding general. Department of Cali
fornia, for assignment to duty.
Private James E. Tritter, Company I-.
Twenty-third United States Infantry, Ma
nila, will be discharged the service of the
United States by the commanding officer
° Battery E^Sixth United States Artil-
Battery E, Sixth United States Artil
lery Captain Sage, left Washington to
day 'for Manila, via San Francisco.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original-William H. Fletcher,
Riverside. $6; Charles A. Thomson,
erans' Home, Napa, $10; John Williams.
Oleta, $10; John Austin, Georgetown, $6;
George O. Rayder, Los Angeles $6. In
crease-Philip Loney, St. Helena, $8 to $10;
Patrick Casey, Soldiers' Home. Los An
geles, $6 to $8. Original widow, Sadie
Knapp, San Francisco. $8. Mexican War
survivors-Increase-Lewis S. Moffat t.
Bath $8 to $12: Hezeklah Thomas Miller,
Amalie, $8 to $12.
Oregon: Original — James B. Clark.
Gooseberry. $6- , *'!,„_,-_. T _-„,,
Washington: Original— Andrew J. *os
ter, North Bend. $8.
GOVERNMENT SUES
THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Will Recover Money for Public Lands
Sold by the Railroad
Company.
LOS ANGELES. April 13.-The Govern
ment, through its special attorney here,
brought suit this afternoon in the United
States Circuit Court to recover the pur
chase price of about 30,000 acres of land
sold by the. Southern Pacific Company to
settlers and according to a recent decision
belonging to the public domain and not to
the railroad company at the time of the
It devolves upon the railway company
to show Just what amount was received
from the sales of these lands, and the suit
is brought for the recovery of the amount.
The land involved is that within the
overlapping grants made to the Southern
Pacific and the Atlantic and Pacific whlcn
the courts have decided revert to the Gov
ernment. ■ : yr ■ ■■■•••/,=
PREMIER SILVELA
HEARS FROM CAMBON
NEW YORK; April 13.— A Madrid cable
to the Journal says: Premier Silvela, af
ter visiting the palace to-day, said that
he had received an official communication
from M. Cambon, French Embassador at
Washington, saying that the United
States had placed $20,000,000 at the dis
posal of the Spanish Government, and
had also appointed Bellamy Storrer
United States Minister to Spain.
Spain, he said, welcomed the designa
tion of Storrer as American Minister to
Madrid for the reason that he is a Cath
olic and because he sympathizes with
Spain. -oK£?4ttßlsßfr:'.
M. Cambon also assured Senor Silvela
that the United States entertained the
very best feeling toward Spain. , "'c
Fatally Burned by Matches.
SANTA ROSA. April 13.— Little Dora
Byrd was severely burned about the body
while playing with matches this after
noon. The child's clothing caught fire,
and before It could be taken off she was
daneerouslv hurt. She will probably die.
respondent wrote it in English, and
with all the relays that were neces
sary, it was received here free from
errors. From Auckland the message
sped overland to Wellington, where
it took its first submarine plunge.
.Emerging from its bath at Sydney,
Australia, it started on a long over
land journey to Augusta, on the
South Coast, thence due north the
entire length of the southern conti
nent to Palmerston, where it took
another dive, . emerging for an in
stant at Banjuwangi in Java, only
to be transferred to another cable
which landed it at Singapore. At
that point it took another header
• clear across the Bay of ' Bengal,
coming to the surface at Madras,
India. There it started on its trip
across the empire, reaching Bom
bay without loss of a second, and
taking the cable there across the
Arabian Sea to Aden, Arabia, at
'*♦?«♦?*♦?*-♦?# ♦«♦»♦»♦ »♦«♦»•-»♦«
VIRTUALLY MEANS
A CONFISCATION
Objection to Improving
Into Debt.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO. April 13.— A sensational in
junction suit was to-day brought in the
Superior Court against the City Trus
tees by property-owners on Tulare
street, between M and N, to stay the
attempt to confiscate the property by
improving it into debt.
The suit is brought by Charles C.
Chance, a minor (by Mary Chance, his
guardian), Margaret Smith, J. D. Dem
ing, H. V. Deming and E. O. Deming
against Joseph Spinney, C. J. Craycroft,
W. M. McVey, F. M. Chittenden and E.
L. Austin, as Trustees of the City of
Fresno.
The order to pave the street was
made by the board about three weeks
ago in spite of the protest of the prop
erty-owners. The cost of improving
the street would be over half the value
of the property facing upon it and
would amount practically to a confisca
tion of the property. The complaint
makes pretty warm reading, not min
cing words, and declares "that these
plaintiffs are now informed and be
lieve that on the 20th day of Febru
ary, 1899, the defendants conspired,
combined and confederated with one J.
H. Bingham, who was the agent of the
City Improvement Company, to cause
the street to be paved with bituminous
rock and curbed with granite or con
crete curbs at the expense of the own
ers of the property fronting on the
thoroughfare, and combined, conspired
and confederated with each other and
with Bingham and the officers and
agents of the company to give the con
tract for doing the work to the City
Street. Improvement Company."
The complaint further alleges that at
the time of making the order the Trus
tees knew the public interest did not
require the paving of the street and
that they ordered the work solely for
the purpose of awarding the contract to
the City Street Improvement Company.
In support of the last statement it is
pointed out that in order that the City
Street Improvement Company might
get the contract the board willfully re
fused to require the City Engineer to
furnish any estimates whatever.
Judge Webb issued an injunction as
prayed for in the complaint. The plaint
iffs furnished a bond in the sum of $500
as required by law with A. D. Chance
and Herman Peterson as sureties.
The Trustees meet to-morrow night,
and it was the intention to award the
contract at that time. Should they do
so now they would be in contempt of
court. Much indignation has been
aroused against the present Board of
Trustees as a result of their action, and
open charges of jobbery have been
made. All the contracts awarded up to
this time have been given to the City
Street Improvement Company.
Seized a Distillery.
SANTA ROSA, April 13.— Deputy Col- !
lector Price and Gauge r McMinn seized
the distillery of Henry Bolle on the So- j
noma road this afternoon. The officers !
searched the distillery and found two I
packages of brandy hidden in the tubs.
The matter will be reported to the Reve- j
nue Commissioner. •>. -. i
Building a San)oar) Chiefs House.
.r
the entrance to the Red Sea. Under ♦
the entire length of that body of S3
water, it arose again at Suez and gg
journeyed overland to Port Said and ♦
Alexandria, dipping into the Mcd- m £
iterranean at the latter point. It gg
touched at Malta and then con- 4
tinued its submarine voyage to Ca- 23
diz. At Lisbon it took another ca- ♦
ble to Penzance, England, from V
there to Valentia, Ireland, and from 25
there across the Atlantic to Cape ♦
Canso, where it took its final plunge, _
coming up at New York. The over- X
land wires landed it in San Fran- '?
Cisco at 10:30 Tuesday night. g.
The remarkable feature of its x.
transmission, and one that speaks gg
volumes for the secrecy of the tele- +
graph, was the fact that the mes- S3
sage, which was of vital importance gg
to three great nations, passed 4
through two of them without a hint S3
of its contents being disclosed. *•
♦
♦!;♦!*♦%♦%♦%♦•. ♦ 8+ ••♦•.♦%♦%♦!_■
"HONORABLE" BILL
CODY TESTIFIES
Witness for Mrs. How
ard Gould.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 13.-Colonel Wil
liam F. Cody, sworn as the "Honor
able," gave his testimony to-day be
fore a referee in the case of Miss Kath
erine Clemmons, • now Mrs. Howard
Gould, against the World for $100,000
damages. In the article of which she
complained, the plaintiff was spoken
of as the ward of "Buffalo Bill." whom
she had deserted and left to languish
in illness and sorrow. The well-known
scout was pictured at the time as re-,
clining upon a couch, with his eyes
rolled up and his brow crossed and
recrossed by numerous corrugations.
There was no sign of either illness
or sorrow when Colonel Cody appeared
this morning in the office of Edward
la Fetra. Colonel Cody testified that
he had been presented to Miss Kath
erine Clemmons in London in 18S7. He
explained that he was then making a
tour of Europe with his Wild West
show. Miss Clemmons was at that
time appearing in a play entitled "The
White Lily." Colonel Cody said he was
not interested in the play, but that
subsequently he undertook to obtain
for Miss Clemmons the rights for the
dramatization of H. Rider Haggard's
novel. "She."
"After that," said the witness. "I ad
vanced money for the presentation of
a play called 'The Lady of Venice. '
which was produced in this country. I
paid for the scenery and costumes.
Miss Clemmons was then in my em
ploy. She was under salary."
The colonel was as':ed concerning his
illness in the West at the time of the
publication of the alleged libel. He ad
mitted that he had been ill— for one
day. He had a cold, and was obliged to
remain in his room for that period.
There were few questions asked and
the inquiry was hurried along.
It is expected that the case will be
taken up in fourteen or fifteen months,
judging by the present state of the
Supreme Court calendar. •
Mrs. Gould was not present. The
hearing was attended only by the at
torneys of those interested.
DEWEY DAY AT SAN JOSE.
SAN JOSE. April 13.— Extensive prep
arations are in progress here for a cele
bration of Dewey day. May 1. The affair
is in charge of a ladles' committee of one
hundred of the O'Connor Art Association.
The entertainment at Agricultural Park
and the Rose Carnival Pavilion will he for
the benefit of the building fund of the as
sociation, It being the design to erect a
spacious and handsome free art structure
in this city. Prizes have been offered for
a number 'of literary and musical compo
sitions appropriate for Dewey day, includ
ing a poem and essay on Admiral Dewey,
a song, march, etc. The merchants of the
city will also compete for prizes for the
best Dewey day show window decora
tions. Preparations have already been
begun for a grand reception for a strong
contingent of the marines and sailors of
the battle-ship lowa, who will be guests
of honor in this city on Dewey day.
..;.-.. • — . — m
Severe Earthquake Shock.
BUENOS AYRES, April 13.— An earth
quake shock was felt yesterday in various
provinces through which the Cordilleras
pass. The shock was most severe in the
province of Rioja. Serious damage was
done, but no lives were lost.JEFFERSON DAY.
■»TE\V YORK, April 13.— The dinner
\ of the Democratic Club in honor
NYORK, April of the birth of
ratlc < ;iuh in honor
nniversary of the birth of
* Thomas Jefferson was held to
. night at the Metropolitan Opera
bouse. Looking from the tiers to the floor
of the vast dining hall the tables seemed
like great beds of roses. The thirty-two
tables were on either side of the speakers'
table. Each table was piled with a mass
of roses and ferns Intertwined, So abun
dant were the flowers that some of the
guests were hardly able to see one another
over the floral banks. Swans and vases
of alabaster held flowers; there were
cornucopias or horns of plenty tilled with
flowers and fruit and the scene was set
off with ribbons of cardinal silk.
The floor of the auditorium was raised
to a level with the half stage by a tem
porary floor, making a rectangular room
of Immense size. The tables were set in
rows parallel with Thirty-ninth and For
tieth streets. The guests of nor 'were
at two tables si i under the proscenium
arch and at right angles to the other
tables. The stage was set with a gorgeous
palace scene of the court of Louis XIV.
Four great electric chandeliers lighted
up the picture.
Conspicuously placed at the west end
of the dining hall was the inscription:^
"Jefferson— l743-1899— Democratic Club."
This was composed of incandescent
lights. It surrounded a picture of Thomas
Jefferson. Tall silver candelabra with
shades harmonizing with the floral effect
were on all the tables.
The guests began to arrive at 6 o'clock,
but the dinner did not begin for an hour
und a half after that. Captain Price of
the tenderloin and forty-two policemen
Were In and around the building. A cor
don of bicycle policemen surrounded the
house. Al crunk letter of a few days
ago, in which a threat was made to blow
up the building during the dinner, seemed
to have made the police unusually vigi
lant. A number of detectives in evening
dress mingled with the guests so that no
unbidden poison might enter. There were
v. number of firemen on guard to prevent
any danger from Are.
Inside the building was an army of ush
ers and attendants. These wore a drab
uniform with silver buttons. Just before
the guests were called to order Richard
Croker. Perry Belmont, Commissioner
Scanned and Senator Sexton entered a
box. Mr. Croker was in enthusiastic con
versation with those about him and waved
his hands to guests all over the hall.
There were fully 300 mora guests than
the 1000 planned for, but all found seats.
This is said to be the largest number ever
accommodated at a banquet in the his
tory ot the city. The great dinner to
President McKinley at the Waldorf-As
toria was served to only 900.
The band struck up "Hail to the Chief"
at 7:30 o'clock, and Richard Croker. arm
in arm with John Stanchfleld, marched
down the aisle. With them were Fred
erick C. Shraub, Robert B. Roosevelt,
General J. Catlin and Amos H. Cum
in Inge.
The service of the menu was excellent,
but some confusion was caused by some
of the diners stripping the tables of flow
ers nd ribbons and throwing them to
the women in the boxes. Mr. Croker
held a levee just before the regular
.making began. Mr. Croker snook
hands cordially with everybody and
smiled as man after man congratulated
him upon the success of the dinner.
The confusion was very great. As the
time drew near for the making of
speeches the orators were almost discour
aged at the prospect of making them
selves heard.
Perry Belmont began 'to speak at 10
o'clock. The uproar was so great that
he could not be heard a hundred feet
away. By degrees more quiet was 'ob
tained. Mr. Belmont said In part:
This is not the place or time to relate. in de
tail the history of the negotiations by Jeffer
son with Napuleoti, beginning in that month of
ISO 2 when a Spanish officer at .New Orleans
revoked the license granted hy the treaty with
Spain of 1795 to deposit American products at
that port and freely ship them thence i« -he
West Indies and Europe, and ending ot; that
last day in April in the next year, when t.._
treaty was signed.
Attempts to impair the title of Jefferson to
the h-jnor of the American part of that suc
cessful diplomacy have been failures. The
plan was Jefferson's; the execution of the plan
was his. While he baffled the Federalists, en
deavoring to push him into a war with France,
he conciliated the western States, exas
perated- because deprived of an outlet to the
gulf. Ills official instructions to Livingitone
and Monroe, his private letters to each, pub
lished not long ago, disclose one controlling
head on the American side. Recent revelations
also show that Jefferson exploited in a most
effective way the hopes and fears which I '11
--trolled the conduct of the great First Consul.
It is not easy for history to separate the
-'resident of the United States from the credit
or discredit of the chief acts of an adminis
tration. So it is with Jefferson and the Louisi
ana purchase: with Madison and the war of
1S12; with Polk and the war of 1848; with Lin
coln ... I the war of secession; with Cr.i it and.
the Alabama treaty. So it will be w'th Mc-
Kinley and the war with Spain. Praise or
blame for what was demanded at Paris will
be his. If the President has the benefit of suc
cess he should bear the burden of allure.
The recent treaty with Spain has been rati
fied. It is now a fixed fact In our law and our
politics. It declares that "the civil rights and
political status of the native inhabitants there
in ceded to the United States shall be deter
mined by the Congress."
The discretion and decision are legislative
and not executive. The President's war power
growing nut of the war with Spain Is at an
end If he does not assemble Congress to do
what Die treaty ordained, and the public wel
fare shall thereby suffer, the responsibility will
be his.
We all asree that the Democratic party
should have for its cornerstone the doctrines
Indicated by Jefferson. One was "the suprem
acy of the civil over the military authority."
but that does not require a national Demo
cratic convention to prescribe to Congress the
size of a standing army. Another was "hon
est friendship with all nations, entagllng alli
ances with none," but that would not justify
a national Democratic convention indicating to
a Democratic President the details of his
diplomacy to preserve such friendship and
avoid such ulliances. A third was "honest
payment of our debts, sacred preservation of
the public faith, encouragement of agriculture
and commerce." but. that does not compel a
Democratic national convention to endeavor to
prevent Democrats in any Congressional dis
trict from expressing their preference regard
ing the details which will best enforce the doc
trine. '•'--
It will be said that Jefferson was a man of
peace. So was the Democracy he founded a
party of peace, excepting when war becomes
necessary, as it did a year ago. Then Demo
crats in Congress and in the field upheld the
flag of our country with their votes and with
their lives.
Mr. Belmont introduced Augustus Van
Wyck by .erring to the latter's can
vass for' Governor. He .said Justice Van
Wyck bad conducted a campaign /with
honor to himself and credit to the De
mocracy. Justice Van Wyck was greeted
with great applause. After referring to
the many evidences of superiority of skill
and genius of the American people and
inveighing against the tariff, Judge Van
Wyck said:
This pressure of English competition along
the entire northern boundary of our country
at the very time when it has become so fash
ionable for a certain class of political leaders
and after-dinner speakers to thoughtlessly ad
vocate ._ political and commercial alliance, of
fensive and defensive, between these two
countries, It will not be deemed amiss to cau
tion our people against hasty action. Let us
lie Influenced by the natural as well as the
fixed policy of that nation toward us for a
century and a half, rather than by their pro
fuse expression of friendship during the Span
ish war.
The policy of England, he said, has always
been one of sharp rivalry and competition with
America: it Impelled the revolution of 1776,
fought for business as well as political In
dependence; brought on the war of ISI2, waged
ngalnst the Insolent claim of England for the
right to search our (hips Of commerce while
riding the highways of the ocean; caused her
to contest very Inch of our northern boundary
line irom ocean to ocean: made her encourage
our family troubles In I*6l to 1865. for which
j- 1l»- was compelled to pay us millions and ad
■"it her wrong; and actuated her In violation
of the Monroe doctrine to attempt an unwar
rantable encroachment upon the territory of
Venezuela until ordered by the American
Government to halt, notwithstanding that our
new Embassador at the court of St. James
seemed to think that his first duty was to
apologize to the English people therefor; and
she has paralleled our inland waterways and
railroads from ocean to ocean, separating us
from our Alaskan possessions. She la now and
will ever be our principal competitor In the
commerce of the world. Under such circum
stances it would be her greatest boast In
diplomacy to engender the animosity of the
other nations of the world toward us by such
an alliance. For then, ln case the emergency
should ever arise that our country should feel
it necessary to command her to halt again in
any of her future aggressions and she should
refuse, the I'nited States would find herself
without a friend in the sisterhood of nations.
A lively appreciation of the true hearings of
both nations will lie the surest guaran.ee of
lasting friendship and peace between them.
At the conclusion of Justice Van "Wyck's
speech many persons left the hall.
John K. Stanchtield. responding to
"Thomas Jefferson." had much difficulty
In making himself heard.
MILWAUKEE OBSERVES
JEFFERSON DAY
The Features of a Big Banquet Are
Speeches by Bryan and Car
ter Harrison.
MILWAUKEE, April 13.— Jefferson
Club of Milwaukee observed the day in a
most fitting manner by a banquet at the
Planklnton House to-night, which was at
tended by over 400 guests. Colonel W. J.
Bryan of Nebraska was the guest of honor
and delivered the principal address. Del
egations of Democrats were in attendance
from many towns throughout the Stat.'
and nearly all the Democrats from the
State Legislature were present. Colonel
Bryan was escorted on an early train
from Chicago by a large delegation from
that city, and Mayor Harrison came later,
also with a large number of escorts.
The banquet hall was beautifully dec
orated with the national colors. Bryan
spoke on "Democracy." He said in part:
We are now near' enough to the next cam
paign to be able to form some Idea of the
lines along which the contest will be fought
and I am taking no risk when 1 say that those
who In I>W gave their allegiance to the Chicago
platform are united to-day in the determina
tion that no steps taken In '96 shall be re
traced. The platform applied to the conditions
then existing, the principles which had been
Democratic In the beginning of the govern
ment. Suggestions that we abandon the money
question sometimes come from those who de
serted the party in '96. but those suggestions
are not supported by evidence tending to show
that the organization in '96 was wrong, but
are predicated upon the theory that the Issue
upon which the party once lost can never be
revived, and what seems most strange, this
argument is made by those who have followed
a different course In the past.
In IKB Mr. Cleveland was defeated on the
tariff issue, and yet the tariff was made the
main issue in ly_ and Mr. Cleveland was elect
ed. Mr. Harrison wes defeated largely on ac
count of the McKinley bill, and four years
later the author of the bill was nominated on
a platform reaffirming the belief In protec
tion and was successful. Thus it is seen that
in two instances recently a losing issue ln one
campaign became a winning issue in the cam
paign following.
The test ought to be not whether the issue
has been presented before, but whether the po
sition taken is right. If the gold standard was
unmet. in 1596 It Is unmerited now. If Its
maintenance was a detriment to the Interests
of the people of this untrv then it is a detri
ment now. If In 1896 It was so hurtful that
the Republicans promised to put forth their
best effort to substitute international bimetal
lism for it and after the election was still -J
hurtful that the .-"resident sent a commission
to Europe to secure foreign aid in abandoning
it. what has happened since then to ma . the
American people accept it as a blessing.
If Increased discovery of gold In Ala»ka had
been of any advantage to the United States,
It. is bat another evidence that the quantita
tive theory of money is correct. If a large bal
ance of trade in favor of the United States
gives any relief because of the money thus
brought into the country, it is an additional
argument In favor of the quantitative theory
of money. Blmetallists have contended that
times will be made better by the return of the
double standard and by the increased supply
of standard money thus furnished for the busi
ness of the country.
While it is unnecessary to discuss the ques
tion of ratio until some other ratio Is proposed
it may not be out of place to suggest that 16
to 1 being the ratio at which the present gold
and silver coin circulate, it is the natural ratio
at which the mints should be reopened. To
Increase the ratio by increasing the size of
the dollar would necessitate the recolnage of
our present silver dollars into a less number of
dollars and the increase of the ratio made
throughout the world would result in a large
decrease in the volume of standard money, and
since the value of a dollar depends on the
number of dollars such a change would neces
sarily Increase the purchasing power of a dol
lar and increase the burden of debts. It
would be equivalent to a transfer by legisla
tion of a vast amount of wealtn from the pro
ducing classes to the money owning classes.
The attempt of the Republican party to re
tire the greenbacks and substitute for them
national notes will give to that question a
greater prominence than it enjoyed in 15.6.
During the war the national bank note never
became more valuable than the greenback, be
cause it war, redeemable In the greenback. The
national bank note is good only because the
National Government stands as an indorser of
the bank. Ii the value of the hank note is de
pendent upon the Government, how can it be
any iter than the Government's own paper,
and why should the Government give ninety
banks a bonus to induce them to issue bank
notes which are in no respect superior and in
some respects inferior to the greenbacks issued
by the Government and for which the people
pay no bonus?
The trusts are now absorbing an Increasing
share of public attention because of their rapid
growth during the last two years. We had a
sugar trust and an oil trust some years ago.
We now have a biscuit trust and a match
trust and a meat trust— in fact a trust in al
most everything that is used. The milk trust
reaches the intant as he enters the world, the
ice trust cools him in the summer, the coal
trust keeps him warm in the winter, while the
coffin trust wafts to receive him when life's
fitful dream is over. The people are beginning
to see what the principle of monopoly really
means, and yet the principle nt monopoly, so
plainly illustrated by the industrial trusts,
does not differ at all from the principle of
monopoly which underlies both the gold stand
ard and the paper money trust.
The Democratic party is prepared to face the
future and meet new issues without abandon
ing the old.
Ex-Senator John L. Mitchell of Wiscon
sin, whose theme was "Thomas Jeffer
son," devoted his entire address to a
eulogy "i" the founder of Democracy.
John F. Doherty of La Crosse answered
to the sentiment, "The Young Democra
cy"; Thomas L. Chary of Palnevllle on
"Party Honesty Is Party Duty." Carter
11. Harrison of Chicago responded to
"Corruption In Polities." saying in part:
It lies in the power of the young Democracy
of the nation if it will but set to work In the
first trenches to carry forward the crusade of
purity In politics until corruption shall have
been driven from high places, until honesty
(shall control In every department of the mu
nicipal, the State and the national Gtobern
nlclpal. the State and the national Govern
look far for an incentive. The example is set
for it in the person of our national leader. Two
years ago the party made Its tight under a
leader from private life so stainless, with per
sonal character so blameless that the people
followed him and follow him still with such
zeal as the Crusaders displayed In the paladins
of old. , _, , ' * '
■Ours is the party of the people, "unless we
serve the people honestly and fairly we are
faithless to our trust. Duty requires us to
strike the first blow nt corruption .within our
own party ranks. Let the word go forth the
Democracy will not tolerate a man, no matter
how profuse his professed devotion to the party
creed, who does not place his obligation to the
public above any and every personal consid
eration If Democracy . means anything it
means the honest service of the people. No
man can be a Democrat whose integrity is not
above suspicion. He who seeks public office
for private gain is a traitor to everything for
which Democracy stands, and for him there
should be no place within the party ranks It
should be the duty of every true Democrat to
scourge him from the temple of the party
faith. David S. Rose of Milwaukee re-
Mayor David S. Rose of Milwaukee re
sponded 10 "Imperialism"; Judge M. W.
Sawyer of Hartford on "Shall Trusts and
Corporations Rule?" and George \v. Peck
on "If a Soldier Does not Like His Ra
THE SAN FI.ANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 14, 1899.
tions—What?" Dr. Howard S. Taylor of
Chicago read an original poem on Jef
ferson.
WHITE TO SPEAK
AT LOS ANGELES
LOS ANGELES, April 13.— N0 Demo
cratic .banquet in honor of Thomas Jef
ferson 'will be spread, here at either 10
cents or $10 a plate. >•* *
• The Silver Republicans held their cele
bration last night, being the first in the
field. At this function George T. Bruce
discussed the issues of the day, and com
pared Aguinaldo to George Washington,
the Filipinos to the Continental" Army in
their battle for independence, inveighed
against expansion, spoke slightingly of
McKinley, hit the trusts right and left
and demanded the unlimited coinage of
silver.
The club of the New Democracy, which
insists that within its membership is typ
ified all that is pure and undeflled in the
Democracy of Thomas Jefferson, will hold
its big rally to-morrow morning. The
principal speaker will be Stephen M.
White. The presiding officer will be Rev.
Burt Bates Howard, and introductory re
marks will be made by Judge Albert M.
Stephens. Senator White's subject will
be "The Issues Confronting the American ,
People."
«
DEMOCRATS CELEBRATE
AT TACOMA, WASH.
TACOMA. Wash.. April 13.— State Dem-
I ocrats celebrated Jefferson's birthday at
j a banquet here to-night. The banquet
was given under the auspices of the
Democratic Central Committee, and is
significant in that it is the first step in
a movement toward cementing the fusion
forces under the Democratic organiza
; tion. Populists and Silver Republicans
I were as numerous as Democrats.
DEATH OF GEORGE WEST.
Was One of the Pioneer Vineyardists
of the State.
STOCKTON, April 13— George West,
| head of the well known firm of George
West & Son, owners of the famous El
: Pinal winery at Stockton and at Minturn
' in Fresno County, died to-night at his
i home near this city. He had been ill sev
eral months, suffering from heart trouble,
and was confined to his room most of the
time. Mr. West was a pioneer vineyard
is! in California and built up the largest
business of the kind in the State. He
was a Viticultural Commissioner during
the administration of Governor Water
'■ man, and always took a deep interest in
the development of the State. The West
distillery here has the largest brandy still
in the world and the business has grown
to immense proportions.
The deceased leaves an aged brother,
William West, residing in Berkeley: a.
brother. F. M. West, here; a widow, son
and daughter. The son, Frank West, and
B. R. Kittredge. recently from New York,
are present managers of the extensive
; business of the firm here and elsewhere,
and are now engaged in erecting a new
winery at Hanford.
Hobart Is Improving.
WASHINGTON, April 13.— Vice Presi
dent Hobart was reported to-night to be
improving, though he has not yet suffi
ciently recovered to leave his room.
BUNKO MEN ROB A
RESTAURANT KEEPER
SELL HIM A SACK OF WHITE
SAND FOR SUGAR.
Joseph Sweetman Cleverly Swindled
hy a Brace of Sharpers The
Police Notified.
J. Sweetman, who conducts a restaurant
at 812 Sixth street, is the victim of two
clever bunko men.
Last Wednesday afternoon two men
drove up to his place of business and of
fered for sale a 100-pound sack of "sugar"
for $4. To show him that the contents of
the sack was as they represented one of
the men cut a hole in the middle of it and
took out a handful of sugar. After
sampling it Sweetman, convinced that the
"sugar" was of .good quality, readily gave
them the amount they asked for It.
After they had been gone some time
Sweetman cut open the sack and was
astonished to find that it contained white
sand, with the exception of a small bag
of sugar from which the clever thieves
took the sample which they had shown to
their unsuspecting victim. Sweetmun lost
no time in visiting police headquarters,
where he told the story of how he had
been duped to Captain' Bohen. He de
scribes one of the men as being rather
tall, of slim build, clean shaven and wear
ing a stiff hat. The confederate was of
medium size and walked with a limp. He
was also clean shaven and was shabbily
dressed. The men represented that they
were peddlers and had bought the "sugar"'
at a sacrifice.
1 Captain Bohen is satisfied that the pair
, are professional bunko men. and he has
f Instructed his men to do all in their power
! to arrest them.
DEWEY DAY CELEBRATION.
M. M. Estee Will Be the Orator of the
Occasion. -
M. M. Estee was chosen orator for -the
j Dewey day celebration, to be held on May
| 1 at Sunset Park, Wright station, in the
I Santa Cruz Mountains. This was decided
on at a meeting of the committee of ar
rangements of the Pacific Coast Associa
tion, Native Sons of Vermont, at the Oc
cidental last night.
Chairman Judge Edward A. Belcher an
nounced that special trains would be run
I from Oakland and Alameda as well as
from this city on the day of the excursion.
■ A large delegation of Alameda County
citizens will assist in honoring the anni
versary of tne battle of Manila and Ad
' miral Dewey's wonderful achievement.
An interesting programme of exercises
! is now being arranged and will include se
lections by the Park Band, songs by a
ladies' quartet, invocation by the chap
lain of the day (who is yet to be selected),
"Dewey Song," by Rhys 'J nomas, the
well-known tenor, and otner features .if
merit. >S;-f. : *'.•.- , ,
The purchaser of a ticket will be pre
sented with a handsome souvenir badge
as a. memento of tin celebration, which
will be given on a.i elaborate scale.
A Yellow Fake.
Customs Collector Jackson emphatically
denies the truth of a story printed in a
morning paper yesterday in which the
following statement was made:
Baron J. H. yon Schroeder Is at outs with
Uncle Sam. it is all on account of one linen
shirt, valued at about S3. The shirt has been
lost in course of handling by custom officials.
The owner demands the return of Ills prop
erty forthwith. His demand has been urged
with all the vigor of a man who feels that
he has a just grievance against Uncle Sam
in general and the San Francisco Custom
house in particular.
The Collector says that the shirt was
not lost at all, and that when ft arrived
from New York it was given to the
Baron's broker, which was about a week
ago. The shirt had been sent to New
York to be examined by the Board of
General Appraisers in the matter of an
appeal from the appraisement made at
this port. When the appraisers got
through with it they sent it back to Col
lector Jackson. ' ' ;-
The Baron now has the shirt.
Funeral of C. R. Holladay.
The funeral of the late Charles ... Hol
laday wan held yesterday afternoon. Rev.
Charles E. Locke of the Central M. E.
Church officiating. Deceased was for
many years a practicing attorney in this
i city, and the following members of the
local bar acted as pallbearers: ii. YV.
Mutton, G. A. Wentworth, Judge Robert
Perral, "William A. Stuart, George Ca
baniss, Thomas Morris and ,J. D. Acker
man. The Interment was at Laurel Mill.
Had Two Revolvers on Him.
Henry Hoffman, aged CO years, who con
ducts a laundry at 231 Minna street, was
arrested last night and charged with car
rying a concealed weapon. He was found
sitting in front of his place of business
with a revolver in his hand and another
in his hip pocket. Several citizens, think
ing that Hoffman intended to shoot some
body, summoned Police Officer Galloway,
who placed him under arrest. .
FOR UNIVERSAL
BROTHERHOOD
Openingof the Congress
at Point Loma.
A PICTURESQUE GATHERING
DELEGATES FROM MANY PARTS
OF THE WORLD.
Dedication Ceremonies at the Site of
the School for the Revival of
Lost Mysteries of An
tiquity.
BY MRS. H. H. SOMERS.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO. April 13.— Crowds of en
thusiastic people are now flocking to San
Diego from all parts of the world to at
tend the great Congress of the Universal
Brotherhood, which began Its first ses
sion to-day. The hotels are all filled with
visitors. The grounds at Point Loma are
dotted with tents, presenting an interest
ing and picturesque scene. A large amphi
theater has been erected to accommodate
the thousands who will attend the con
gress. This is situated on the site of the
school, commanding an imposing and
magnificent view of the unrivaled scenery
at Point Loma.
Hundreds of delegates from all over
the United States and other countries
have arrived. On Saturday Katherine A.
Tingley, the leader and official bead of
the Universal Brotherhood, arrived, ac
companied by several members of her
cabinet. The cabinet officials now pres
ent on the grounds are: E. A. Nereshei
mer, chairman; F. M. Pierce, secretary
general of the Universal Brotherhood and
special representative of the school for
the revival of lost mysteries of antiquity;
H. T. Patterson, superintendent of the
International Brotherhood League; A. A.
l'urman, Fort Wayne; Walter Hansen
and Iverson L. Harris of Macon, Ga. ;
Clark Thurston, president of the Provi
dence Universal Brotherhood; Robert
Crosby, president of the Boston Universal
Brotherhood, and D. N. Dunlop, Ireland.
Other arrivals are: Mrs. H. K. Rich
mond Green of Easthampton, Mass., who
was one of the Cuban relief party and
who accompanied Mrs. Tingley on her re
cent visit to Santiago de Cuba; Mrs. E.
C. Mayer, president of the Isis League of
Music and Drama and superintendent of
the children's work througnout the world;
Dr. J. A. Anderson of San Francisco,
president of the lodge in that city; Dr.
Allen Griffiths, Professor Julius Oette of
Alameda, and Professor F. C. Plumnier of
Tacoma, Wash.
Among the prominent arrivals yesterday
were Colonel Coronel Barclay Cleather
and Mrs. Alice L. Cleather of London,
England; Basil Crump of the London
Wagner Society of Music and secretary
of the Universal Brotherhood in England;
Mme. de Nun lie. president of the Uni
versal Brotherhood lodge in Holland; B.
Jasink, vice president; Dr. Kelljberg, Mrs.
Torsten Hedlund and Miss Sonneson,
prominent members of the Universal
Broatherhood in Sweden; F. J. Dick of
Dublin, president of the Universal Broth
erhood in Ireland; Miss Atkinson. Miss
Townsend of Newcastle, England; Dr. ii.
A. W. Coryn, secretary of the Interna
tional Brotherhood League; W. A. Stev
ens, president of Buffalo lodge, and Mrs.
Stevenson of the directors of the Lotus
Home for Destitute and Homeless Chil
dren in Buffalo, which is one of the prac
tical activities of the Universal Brother
hood organization; Miss A. G. Herring,
president of the Denver Universal Broth
erhood; Mme. Peterson of Boston; Mrs.
Gawthorptr-of Sydney, Australia ; Rev.
S. J. Ncill and Mrs. Nelll, from Auckland,
New Zealand; M. A. E. S. Smythe of To
ronto. Canada, special lecturer of the Uni
versal Brotherhood; Ampeus Smith, presi
dent of the Chicago Lodge; W. S. Wing,
president of the Esoteric School, and
hundreds of others.
The train from the East carrying the
delegates to the congress was the largest
special on record arriving in San Diego.
This great gathering of international
representatives will be unique in char
acter. While American in heart and
spirit, it will not be bound by any limi
tations of race or nationality. Here will
be assembled men and women Inspired
by the sublime idea of bringing into act
ual realization a universal brotherhood of
humanity. The various exercises will rep
resent every department of the brother
hood, which includes every aspect of
thought and life— the work of philan
thropy, the world of literature, art and
the drama and everything which tends
to uplift humanity to a higher life. Cali
fornia, land of flowers and sunshine, Is
pre-eminently the State for such a mag
nificent epoch-making assembly, repre
senting as it does the forward spirit in
science, education, art and philosophy.
Point Loma is an ideal spot to estab
lish everything that -forwards perfect hu
man life, outstripping all purely material
achievement. Here will be seen in time
in flowing operation everything which
makes man's life great and noble; here
shall be found America's temple at Olym
pla. No pandering to the many cranklsms
of the age shall here be found, no dab
bling in BOOOkology, no communications
with the dead, no baits held out for the
Idle and the curious, no salaried officials,
no political schemes, no mercenary condi
tions, nor a theoretic study of the myste
rious and occult. NO, none of these, in
deed, but the practical co-operation of a
practical people in all that enables and
develops the higher life by an unselfish
devotion to the service of the race. . There
is no room here for self-seekers.
The delegates are not scattered, hare
brained Individuals, but afford a striking
illustration of being common sense busi
ness people, who know what they are
about, brotherhood being their first and
fojemost idea.
The American 'flag with its glorious
stare and stripes will wave over The am
phitheater erected on the site of the
school for the revival of the lost mys
teries of antiquity. Truly a fitting symbol
of the return of old glory to this ancient
land of America.
The flags of every land will also find
fitting places beside this emblem of free
dom, emphasizing the international char
acter of the congress.
The following was the programme of
to-day's proceedings:
.Jupiter day— Between high noon and sunset,
the opening of the Universal Brotherhood Con
gress will be heralded from the heights ol the
point by fanfares to the four corners of the
earth. :::*.-:
Silent reception of national representatives.
Inaugural music. .■:-.'.;.•,,
Silence.
Chanting of the "Gayatrl" by cabinet officers.
Welcome by Dr. J. A. Anderson.
Silent Invocation.
Speeches— Elizabeth Mayer, H. T. Pat
terson, M. A. E. B. Smythe.
Midway between sunset an.l midnight—Re
dedication of the school for the revival of the
lost mysteries of antiquity, with torchlight
procession and ceremonies.
* ' — ■ m
Downfall to Sporting.
LOS ANGELES, April 13.— Frank D.
Sanborn, who was until a week ago bal
ance clerk in the Los Angeles National
Bank, was one of the most trusted em
ployes of the Institution. Billiards, cours
ing and personal habits were his undoing.
The report that Sanborn was $250 short in
his accounts is not denied at the bank,
but explained by a statement "that if
Sanborn overdrew his account it has been
made good." Sanborn, who is 23. is a
nephew of Mrs. Felix C. Howes, whose
husband was formerly connected with the
same bank. When she turned the cold
shoulder on him he went to San Francisco
and last Tuesday, it is stated, he left for
Butte City, Mont.
Easement Saves Crops.
WOODLAND, April 13.— The easement,
by regulating the escape of flood water
into the basin and confining the bulk of
the water within the banks of the river,
has saved crops this season from Elk
horn to Clarksburg and in the vicinity of
Swingle station, the aggregate value of
which exceeds the cost of both the ease
ment and the jetties at Newtown shoals.
THE DOWAGER QUEEN
KAPIOLANI VERY ILL
HONOLULU, April s.— lt was learned just before the departure of the
Rio de Janiero for San Francisco that the Queen Dowager Kapio
lani was seriously ill. She had another stroke of apoplexy about a
week since, and', in place of becoming better, she failed from day to
day. Not even her most intimate friends are allowed to see her.
Prince Cupid Kalanianole returned from Kona in- the steamer Mauna Loa
yesterday, having been summoned to hasten to the bedside of his aunt. The
physicians are hopeful, but the case is a desperate one.
VALUABLE COAL
DEPOSIT FOUND
Located at Sandy Cove
on the Mainland.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, April 13.— The
steamer Queen City, which reached
here this morning from Naas, brings
news of the finding of what promises
to be a very valuable coal deposit at
Sandy Cove, a short distance from
Cape Caution, on the British Columbia
mainland, ; faeir- Queen Charlotte
Sound, and just above the northern ex
tremity of Vancouver Island.
The "find was made a short time ago
by three Vancouver men, who have
lately been boring with a diamond drill.
testing it for a Vancouver company.
The miners found a wide seam of irood
coal thai will not only warrant devel
opment, but will make fortunes for the
lucky discoverers, for the coal lands
are close to the watc and in a splen
did position. All the Alaska liners pass
close to there, and it is intended to
build wharves and bunkers and ma
chinery to coal these vessels. At pres
ent the majority of the vessels plying
northward coal at -Departure Bay,
Comos or Union, but the newly found
property is undoubtedly in a better
position than any of the other sta
tions, and on this account will prob
ably be the favorite coaling port.
The Vancouver owners will send a
force of men and a quantity of ma
chinery north to develop the property
by the Queen City on Saturday.
AN OLD IMPROVEMENT CLUB.
Will Celebrate the Seventeenth Anni-
vei;<oiy of the Point Lobos
Organization.
The seventeenth anniversary of the
formation of the Point Lobos Improve
ment Club will be duly and fittingly cele
brated by the members and -their nu
merous friends on the evening of Mon
day, May l. The entertainment will be
held in Richmond Hall, where a ball will
be the winding up feature of the evening's
pleasure. For the success of this affair
the following members of the club were
appointed at a meeting on Wednesday
night: President George R. Fletcher,
Charles R. Hansen. Luke Battles, John
J. Cassidy. Felix McHugh, D. L. Fitz
gerald, George Magoonis and James M.
YVilklns. The last named was designated
as floor manager.
The club which is about to celebrate
this anniversary Is the oldest improve
ment club in San Francisco. At the time
the club was organized by George R.
Fletcher there were only about 800 in
habitants within the Richmond district.
At the election of 1882 there were just 200
votes in the entire valley, which com
posed the Twelfth Precinct of the Forty
second Assembly District. The growth of
Richmond during the- past seventeen
years may be judged by the vote cast
at the last election in the Seventeenth.
Eighteenth, Nineteenth and Twentieth
precincts of the Fortieth Assembly Dis
trict, which covers the Richmond district
proper. It was 1220. This would give the
section a population of 5000 souls..
During the existence of the club under
the presidency of George R. Fletcher a
system of sewerage was established which
cost the property owners over $500,000.
The main sewer built by the people who
own real estate In Richmond empties into
the ocean at Bakers Beach, a distance of
four miles from its starting point.
From the formation of the club and
the good work accomplished by it other
Improvement clubs have sprung up. until
to-day every . section of the outside dis
tricts is represented by one or more
clubs The club has retained ijs first
president. Mr. Fletcher, all through its
existence, and to him owes much of its
Influence and power in the district.
At its meeting Wednesday it passed a
resolution favoring the extension of the
park panhandle to Market street and also
from the park to the military reservation
across Richmond Valley.
Dismissed for ,: Drunkenness.
Constantine McCall, a hoseman on en
gine 16, was tried before tne Fire Com
missioners yesterday on a charge of
drunkenness, and alter hearing the testi
mony he was dismissed from tne depart
ment. >
ROYAL WELCOME
FOR NATIVE SONS
Arrangements for Grand
Parlor Session.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALINAS, April 13— The Native
Sons, when they convene here April
2-. to 29, will be royally entertained by
the Salinasites in general and the
Santa Lucia Parlor in particular. The
entire city '..ill open its arms, as it
were, to receive them, and a jolly good
time Is assured during the whole week.
The extensive preparations outlined by
the executive committee of the local
parlor are being carried out to the let
ter in the way of making this session
of the Grand Parlor eclipse all previous
sessions.
The . accommodation committee has
made a complete list of all rooms at the
various hotels, private homes and lodg
ing houses, numbered them, and is busy
locating all delegates as fast as their
orders come in. The committee will go
to San Francisco on Saturday to attend
the high jinks to be given by Stanford
Parlor that night, and will return with
the delegates on Sunday's train. They
will give every one coining to Salinas
a card showing at what place he is to
stop, also the number of the room and
rate to be paid. The Fifth Regiment
band will board the train at San Jose
and dispense music on the trip down
to Salinas. .' ! .. ; ,"."**-.;
Arriving at the depot here, all visit
ors from the north and south will be
met by the local Natives and the
Salinas City band and escorted, to the
executive - committee's headquarters.
The Aleli Parlor, Native Daughters, has
taken up the work of entertaining the
delegates and is working most enthu
siastically to that end. The members
have divided themselves into com
mittees, and no portion of the under
taking will in this way be slighted.
The furnishing of the banquet which
Santa Lucia Parlor No. 97, X. S. G. W.,
Intends to give to the officers and dele
gates of the Grand Parlor and its in
vited guests at the Armory, has been
awarded to the Hotel Abbott. The ban
quet, which will be for 400 covers, will
be spread In Armory Hall, and the menu
will consist of every delicacy of the sea
son and various kinds of wines. Lu
cius Fail-child Post No. 179, G. A. li..
located at Pacific Grove, has notified
H. R. Farley, chairman of the parade
committee, that it will be over and
take part in the grand parade of April
25. The delegates' badge of the Grand
Parlor, one of which will be presented
to each member of the Grand Parlor by
Santa Lucia Parlor, will be an elabor
ate affair. It will have a medallion
with a picture of the sugar factory
thereon, and be also appropriately in
scribed. ;.'.-•
One of the most prominent features
of the stand parade Native Sons' week
will be the drilling of the scholars of the
Salinas City schools. Already they are
making preparations to outshine their
former record made during the meeting
of the G. A. R. in 1897. Captain Burke
of Troop C has them under his super
vision, and is now drilling them twice
a day. '. .
STANFORD'S AX SHARPENED.
So Berkeley Ball Players Would Bet
ter Look After Their Laurels.
PALO ALTO, April 13.— An enthusiastic
send-off was given the Stanford baseball
team to-night. The entire college as
sembled around the Varsity diamond and
by the light of a huge bonfire proceeded
to go through the ceremony of sharpen
ing the Stanford "ax" for the second in
tercollegiate game with Berkeley. Proofs
of the dullness of the Stanford hatchet
were recalled to the collegians by Eng
lish '00, who told of the recent defeats of
the cardinal. After grievances were re-
Cited a grindstone was produced, on which
the ax 'was sharpened. A Berkeley
dummy was produced and the keen edge
of the newly ground ax severed the head
from the body. The proof was sufficient,
and the ceremonies were concluded with
speeches and songs.
GRANT'S FINANCIAL
BACKER IS FOUND
D. C. Kenna of the Santa
Fe Is the Man.
RELATIVE OF R. C. KERENS
DETERMINED TO HAVE HIS PRO
TEGE A SENATOR.
New Stories of Election Echoes of the
Last State Election and Knif
• ing at Sunny San
Diego.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, April 13.— state
ment was made in these dispatches
some days ago that U. S. Grant Jr.,
in his candidacy for United States Sen
ator, received financial aid from one of
the individual stockholders of the San
ta Fe Railroad. The identity of Grant's
friend is revealed in the person of D.
C. Kenna, one of the vice presidents
and head of the legal department of
the system. Kenna is a. son-in-law of
R. C. Kerens of Missouri, who, it ap
pears, determined that his young pro
tege should represent California in the
United States Senate.
Word comes from San Diego that
local conditions may interfere with the
plans of the theosophists in establish
ing the Universal Brotherhood of Man.
The story goes that U. S. Grant's long
knife is out for all who rest under the
suspicion of opposing his Senatorial as
pirations. The latest record of knifing
in the southland is the thrust under
the fifth rib which Mayor Reed of San
Diego recently received. A stout de
nial is made that Grant wielded the
knife, yet it is clear to all that some
one used it and that one belonged to
the Grant legion. ; "* ; .
• When Gage was knifed in San Diego
the followers of Grant asserted that
their leader was loyal to the Repub
lican nominee for Governor. Grant
himself joined in a disclaimer of the
knifing, so far as he was concerned,
with a vigor that astonished his ad
herents. Before the question was set
tled as to where the responsibility rest
ed for knifing the Republican candidate
for Governor in that city, the Repub
lican nominee for Mayor was knifed,
hence it is that the eyes of the poli
ticians are turned to Grant's lone
weapon. For a peace-loving states
man, Grant seems to be concerned in
a good many political cutting affrays.
"OUR PRIVILEGE TO
SWAP THE GAME"
The New York Herald Comments on
The Call's Editorial Concerning
Trading the Philippines.
NEW YORK, April 13.— The Herald will
say to-morrow: "The San Francisco Call
observes: 'The proposed exchange of the
Philippines for the British West Indies is
good for us, but it is doubtful if the Brit
ish will agree to swap a set of well do
mesticated, tax-paying colonists for a set
pf Filipinos they would have to hunt in
the brush.' We will do the hunting so
far as necessary, as we are doing now
with great success. When we have round
ed up our game it is our privilege as good
sportsmen to 'swap' it for something we
like better, and do the British a good turn
at the same time." , . --
CATARRH OF
THE STOMACH
Is a chronic disease. There is an inflam-
mation of the inner coating of the stom-
/"X."\ ach. A thick, ropy
I, J] mucus forms and
p» "* » I) this causes the
fJ "•' ■"••v this causes the
V .4. J more pronounced
jV*, I symptoms. It re-
S >>. mains In the stom-
f^ ach and decomposes.
Then, of course, di-
» "\j__l -_^-;; / gestion cannot bo
/\ _ c N properly perform-
* cd. The great veg-
/ etable remedy
I • HUDYAN never
falls to effect a cure. HUDI'AN can be
had of all druggists for 50c. per package.
Study your symptoms carefully from thia
chart. Each number represents a symp-
tom or a group of symptoms. You hava
the symptoms. Use HUDYAN and they
will disappear.
THE SYMPTOMS ARE:
1. BILIOUS HEADACHE. This is mora
pronounced in the morning. HUDYAN
will relieve the headache.
2-3. RED AND WATERY EYES. HUD-
YAN will cause the redness to disappear
and make the eyes assume their normal,
healthy appearance.
1. COATED TONGUE AND FOETID
BREATH AND BAD TASTE IN THE
MOUTH. HUDYAN will clear the tongue,
make the breath pure and sweet and
cause the bad taste to disappear.
5. PAIN AND TENDERNESS IN THE
STOMACH. This is due to indigestion.
HUDYAN will cause the food to become
perfectly digested and the pain and ten-
derness will disappear.
6. ENLARGEMENT OF THE LIVER.
HUDYAN will lessen the congestion and
reduce the enlarged liver to its normal
size.
HUDYAN will relieve you of the above
symptoms and make you well. Do not de-
lay.
Go to your druggist at once and procure
a package of HUDYAN for 50c. or 6 for
$2 50 If your druggist does not keep it,
send direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY
COMPANY', San Francisco, Cal., and they
will send it to you. You can consult the
great HUDYAN DOCTORS FREE. Do
not forget that. Call and see them if you
wish. You may call and see them, or
write, as you desire. Address
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Cor. Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
STUDEBAKER'S,
MARKET AND TENTH STS.
JUST _R,EO_SIV__IID-
FNEUMATIC TIRED ROAD WAGONS
AND SURREYS.
Latest styles, best of work, strictly up to
date. In addition to this new work we are
making greatly reduced prices on a large line
of nigh-grade Surreys. Road Wagons ami Bug-
gies. iJvst of repair work on short notice.
34
DENIS FOR CODE
COMMISSIONER
May Succeed Robert N.
Bulla.
HE IS A GOLD DEMOCRAT
• •" _ ;
BUT A LIFELONG FRIEND OP
GOVERNOR GAGE.
Southern California Democrats Stirred
Over the Assertion That Budd
Will Lead the Delegation
to Next Convention.
Special,. Dispatch to The Ca:'.
LOS ANGELES, April 13.— Politicians :
were agog to-day over positive informa- j
tion that George J. Denis, gold Demo- !
P , an admirer of Henry T. Gage, and I
ong friend of California's chief ex- |
ive, will be named next week by the j
tiovernor as State Code Commissioner,
to succeed Robert N. Bulla, State Sena
tor, ex-candldate for United States Sen
ator and consistent Republican. This j
prospective change is from a source j
that can hardly be questioned. Gover
nor Gage was for several hours behind
closed doors to-day in his Los Angeles
office.
"I cannot say definitely," he said, I
"when I can leave here. It may be to- j
morrow or next day. I shall go north
as soon as I can get' away." " ,
George J. Denis when seen to-night
regarding his possible appointment as
Code Commissioner,- exhibited an- ex
ceedingly disturbed condition.
"The yellow journals of this coast
seem to think I have no rights that ;
should be respected. They yank me
out of bed, take me from my meals and
act as if they thought I were a lackey
for the people of California or mes
senger boy to the Governor. I am
neither one nor the other. Simply a
citizen of the commonwealth and not
the custodian of private affairs of
others."
Having delivered himself of this mor
sel of gratuitious information an at
tempt, partially successful, was made
to ask the following questions:
"Have you or have you not been ten
dered the appointment?"
"I decline to answer whether I have
been appointed Code Commissioner,"
broke in Denis, "and refuse to affirm
any rumor connected with that office,
and shall enter no denial either specific !
or general. I wish to be let alone. The
public' has no interest in my personal
The disconsolate office-seekers can ac
quire hope from the fact that there is
one position within the gift of the Gov
ernor that has not been applied for.
The place is that of expert to the
Board of Examiners. This plum was
created for Colonel Thomas E. Lewis,
at $2000 a year, and would have lapsed :
July 1, 1599. had not the recent Legisla
ture provided for its maintenance for
an additional two years.
The Democracy has a little of its own
on hand, and while embryotic. prom- j
ises to outgrow its knickerbockers in
short order. The friends of General A. '
W. Barrett have been wondering
whether his visit to his old home was
a social one or had political trimmings. !
The fact transpires to-day that former
Governor James '■[. Budd will seek to
lead the delegation from California to
the next National Democratic Conven
tion, wherever held. General Barrett,
who'i? apparently in a position to
know, says that Budd will go as a
"The Governor is the best politician
in the State." said Barrett, "and If he
desires to head the delegation he will
do so. The party will next year tread
again the straight and narrow path of
Jeffersonian Democracy. No alliances
will he made with Populists, Silver Re
publicans or any other crowd. That
will, in niy opinion, be the issue at the
primal
When, the meat of this enunciation
had reached the supporters of Stephen
M. White the glaring was furtive and
intense. The ex-Senator's friends ral
lied, and when seen insisted that the
late United States Senator would him
s<*-lf lead the California delegation to
the National Convention, and further,
that Governor Budd would be. ex
tremely fortunate if he' even attended
the convention as a plain every day
delegate. The friends of White are in
sistent that hr- is their Moses and that
events are so shaping themselves for
the future that a determined effort will
be made to capture th.- next Legisla
ture and return him to the United
States Senate. .
ARE GOING TO NEWPORT.
Mr. and Mrs. W. K. Vanderbilt Jr.,
to Finish Their Honeymoon There.
NEW YORK. April 3.— Mr. and' Mrs.
William K. Vanderbilt Jr.. who were
burned out of their honeymoon home.
"Idle Hour." on Tuesday, leave for New
port to-morrow. The fire has.- changed
their plans, and they will not go to Eu
rope to meet Cornelius Vanderbilt. Ham
mond's cottage at Newport has been fur
nished for the young folks, and they will
finish their honeymoon' there. * •'•: - :
Escaped From an Officer.
REDDING. April. 13.— Fred Allen, under
arrest at Delta, handcuffed and under the
guard of Deputy Sheriff Stewart, made a
break for, liberty Wednesday night while
waiting for ' the southbound' overland
train and made good his escape. Allen
was to have been brought to Redding and
lodged in the county jaii to await trial for
robbery. He is still at liberty, but has
probably got rid' of the "nippers."
Pears'
Pretty boxes and odors
are used to sell such
soaps a; no one would
touch if he saw them un-
disguised. Beware of a
soap that depends on
something outside of it.
Pears', the finest soap
in the world is scented or
not, as you wish; and the
money is ".the merchan-
dise, not in the box.; ... ;
. All sorts of stores" sell it, especially
druggists; all sorts of people are
using it-
HAWAIIAN CRATERS
IN A STATE OF
GREAT ACTIVITY
Heavy Slides Have Already Taken
Place and Flow of Lava
Soon Expected.
HONOLULU, April s.— The news
l came by steamers from the island of
! Hawaii yesterday that both the craters
j of Kllauea and Mokuaweoweg were in
a state of great activity, although as
yet there had been no eruption.
On Thursday, March 23. at about 8
; a. m., the people at the Volcano House
I were startled by a loud noise, and their
attention was immediately directed to
: the volcano, from the pit of the crater
iof which great clouds of dust and
| smoke were issuing.
A party started without a moment's
i delay to make an Investigation and
! found on examination that the extreme
i bottom of the deep pit in the center
! of the crater had disappeared, leaving
!a black well of apparently 150 feet in
, diameter, the bottom of which cannot
! be seen.
From time to time heavy landslides
from the sides of the pit would take
place with a loud rumbling, and the
rocks and debris would disappear into
NEW RULE IN
GOLD COUNTRY
British Columbia In-
creases Restrictions.
Special Dispatch to The. Call.
VICTORIA. B. C. April 13.— At the
suggestion of Collector- of Customs
Milne, the Department of the Interior
has arranged for the issuance of min
ing licenses for Northwest Territory at
Atlin City. The. Collector has also ar
ranged the difficulties on the White
Pass trail between the mounted police
and the American customs officers.
Arrangements have also been made to
allow none but British bottoms, carry
ing none but British officers, to carry
freight between Dawson and points on
the Upper Yukon from the Canadian
boundary to Bennett. The same rule
will also apply on all navigable Can
adian waters in the gold country. The
Government will rigidly enforce the
regulations to this effect, and to this
end an officer will shortly be sent up
from here.
No American vessels will be allowed
to carry freight or passengers between
the river points on the Canadian Yu
kon, Hootalinqua, Stewart. Pelly. Lake
Teslin or other lakes in Canadian ter
ritory. Besides masters of all Canadi
an river steamers carry over forty
passengers will be obliged to carry cer
tified mates holding British papers.
All will also have to carry certified
British engineers.
ur. R. W. Large, a Methodist mis
sionary of Bella Coola, who came
down, says the American steamer
Laurada put two stowaways ashore on
Canadian soil last Thursday without
entering or leaving a bill of health.
Similar cases have occurred before and
the Laurada will be prosecuted by the
Collector of Customs if found in Can
adian waters. _.-■ ; _-_
An order has been passed by the Ot
tawa Government prohibiting the im
portation of liquor into tne Yukon ter
ritory for the present.
SEATTLE, Wash., April 13.— A de
tailed report of the situation of the
Yukon River fleet between Russian
Mission and Dawson has been received
from S. S. Mahoney, who has Just com
pleted a trip from the mouth of the
Yukon River. According to Mahoney
there are eleven steamers in a critical
situation. They are lying in the mid
dle of the stream. When the ice crocs
out they are liable to be carried down
and wrecked on sand bars.
Following is a list of the vessels and
locations: Herman, above Nulats:
Dawson City four miles above St.
James Mission; Governor Stoneman.
twenty-five miles above mouth of Ta
nana River; May D, twenty-five miles
below Rampart; Trenton, three-quar
ters of a mile below Rampart; Chetco,
at Rampart; City of Chicago, at Ram
part; Robert Kerr, forty miles below
Circle City; Seattle No. 1. twelve miles
below Circle City; Tacoma. fifty miles
above Circle City; Arnold, seventy
miles- above Circle City.
HAWAII'S MISSIONARY
RETURNS FROM PUAMUA
After Forty-Seven Years' Service _n
the Marquesas Group Rev. James
Kekela Back at Honolulu.
HONOLULU, April The French
schooner Tahitienne, a pearl trader In the
Marquesas, Pendrin Islands and Mar_a
hiki, arrived in port this forenoon, four
teen days from Papeete, Tahiti. She was
chartered by the Hawaiian Evangelical
Society to bring to Honolulu the Rev.
James Kekela. an old Hawaiian mission
ary, and family. Kekela has been sta
tioned In Puan.ua, Hiwaoa Island, ln the
Marquesas group, for the last forty-seven
years. He has the distinction of being
the first Hawaiian missionary out to that
group.
Captain James Winchester, the Tahiti
enne 6 skipper, will return to Papeete in a
few days. From there he will go to San
Francisco to take charge of a new schoon
er now being built there for the pearl
trade. There are among the passengers
two aged white vanlla planters from Hi
waoa who will soon be on their way to
San Francisco. They are anxious to see
their native land once more before dying.
REORGANIZING PLANTATIONS.
HONOLULU, April 5.— 11. Waterhouse
& Co. have bought' and reorganized tin.
Nlulli plantation. Other estates will he
annexed until all Kohala will be Included.
A million dollars was paid Judge C. F.
Hart for the nucleus property.
Other new schemes of .this, week are
th" Nalelku plantation on Maul and the
island of Nlihau. This pretty little island
has been a stock ranch. It is rich in soil
and has plenty of water.
Shot Himself in the Breast.
HONOLULU. April s.— Karl Podeyn, a
.German employe of H. Hackfcld & Co.,
shot himself in the breast on Monday,
but will recover. It was. not a case of
stock craze. The man had just been dis
charged by the firm, receiving a gratuity
of JM in kindness. He is a middle-aged
man with a second wife -ml family, the
death of his first wife and the burning of
his house within a few years having been
part of his troubles. ."..*"
Killed in a Runaway.
SAN DIEGO. April 13.— Judge P. C.
Shannon, formerly '■ District Judge of
South Dakota, was killed by a runaway
accident to-day.
THE SAX FKAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 14, 1899.
what seemed to be literally the "bot
tomless pit."
Dense clouds of sulphurous smoke
and vapor are pouring out of the bot
tom and sides of the pit from cracks
extending for a quarter of a mile out
side and south of the pit. These cracks
are very hot and the heat steadily in
creasing. For several days after the
dropping out of the bottom the land
slides were still continuing.
Attempts were made to measure the
distance to the mouth of the well,
where has been the bottom of the pit.
but a 300-foot line would not reach
halfway down. The best estimates
placed it at about SOO feet. As to the
distance to the bottom of the well, as
it now exists, no one will hazard a
guess.
Natives of the district were inter
viewed as to the probability of a flow.
They say that the signs are the same as
those observed just before the big flows
of previous years, and that there is no
doubt a flow will Boon be in progress.
Visitors are hastening to the island of
Hawaii to be present when the fires be
gin to play.
STOOD OFF THE
CITY MARSHAL
Mrs. Broome Fights for
Her Hedge.
Special Di .patch to The Call.
SANTA BARBARA. April Aided
by her gardener, Mrs. Broome, a promi
nent Santa Barbara lady, held fourteen
workmen and the City Marshal at bay.
One year ago the City Council notified
Mrs. Broome to destroy a hedge that
obstructed a public highway, and which
extended sixteen fqgt beyond her prop
erty.
The matter of establishing the official
: grade on that street has been agitated
\ for a long while, and finally the sen
sation of the obstruction reached a
climax this morning. Marshal Martin,
accompanied by his deputy and a force
of workmen, went to the place to dis
charge their duties, but met with a de
termined resistance on the part of Mrs.
■ Broome and her hired man. She seized
a pick, made for the officer, and struck
him a blow on the shin which, may
i prove serious. Martin took the imple
ment from her and she immediately
'. made straightway for another, but be-
I fore she had taken a few steps she was
I overpowered and arrested. .
They next proceeded to arrest the
hired man, Alexander Vanezuela, who
was armed with a .revolver and club.
■ Had it not been for the extreme care
they used in performing the operation
it might have cost the life of one of the
men. Martin attracted Vanezuela's at
: tention while Richardson, his deputy,
came noiselessly from behind and dis
armed him.
Both Mrs. Broome and her man were
conducted to the City Jail. When
brought into the Police Court she was
read the complaint charging her with
resisting an officer and informed of the
' nature of the offense. Although bail
! was offered her, she refused, and stated
that she would not employ a counsel.
1 She further stated that she had been
1 unlawfully arrested and would main
; tain that position, on account of her
nationality, being British, and will
bring the matter into the Federal court.
In the meantime the work of remov
j ing the obstructions over which the
trouble occurred went on and was soon
< completed. The prisoners were released
on their own recognizance. This is a
high misdemeanor and must be tried in
the Superior Court.
REMARKABLE FEAT
OF A FLYING FISH
Goes Through All Kinds of Pipes on
the City of Puebla Before Land
ing in a Bucket.
HONOLULU, April s.— Chief Engineer
Cress of the City of Puebla, now in port,
tells of the miraculous escape from death
of a "malolo," or. flying fish, aboard the
transport while on the way from San
Francisco to Honolulu.
It was noticed upon nearing the islands
that one of the pump valves was clogged
by some foreign substance. Upon open
ing the faucet wide a flying fish flopped
out, and falling into a bucket of water
beneath began swimming about very
briskly.
Before making its appearance in the
bucket the fish had to do a lot of travel
ing over an uncomfortably circuitous
route. It undoubtedly entered the ship
by means of the broken screw of the suc
tion pipe at the side of the vessel. From
here it passed through the chamber of
the pump, discharge valves and into a
two-inch pipe over a hundred feet long,
and having two very sharp turns; thence
Into and through a one-Inch pipe with two
sharp turns; thence into a three-quarter-
Inch pipe, through the faucet and into the
bucket of water mentioned above.
This is a faithful account of the peregri
nations of a simple little flying fish,
vouched for by the officers of the City of
Puebla, whose words cannot be doubted.
The fish that made this wonderful jour
ney without mishap died in the bucket
and was afterward skinned and stuffed.
It now decorates the engineers' depart
ment of Uncle Sam's fastest transport,
the City cf Puebla. .
ON THE WAY TO MANILA.
Arrival of Transports at Honolulu,
One With a Very Bad List.
HONOLULU, April The United
States transport Cleveland sails for Man
ila this afternoon. She came into port
with a very bad list to starboard, this be
ing caused by careless stowing of coal
and freight in San Francisco. The City of
Pue'oia. that made the trip to Honolulu
in six days and two hours, will sail to
morrow. The soldiers aboard her are all
In fine condition. During their stay in
Honolulu they have been taken out for ex
ercise daily.
The United States transport Zealardia
arrived in port early this morning. As it
was impossible for her to secure wharf
room, she was anchored in the stream.
Officers and men are in good condition,
having had a fine voyage from San Fran
cisco. Captain Dowdell expects to be here
about four days. The good weather from
San Francisco is a surprise to him, as he
had a record of meeting bad weather at
every turn. He believes that there was
no bad weather in .the Pacific • Ocean;
Otherwise he would have found it.
Officers of a Sugar Company.
HONOLULU. April s.— The Onomea Su
gar Company to-day. elected O. M. Ves
per and D. G. Alexander of San Francis
co second vice president * and assistant
treasurer, respectively.
MARY MURDOCH
TELLS HER STORY
Plaintiff in Celebrated.
Suit Is Heard.
HOW THE NOTE WAS MADE
DUE TO SETTLEMENT BETWEEN
SAM AND WILLIAM.
Other Important Witnesses Heard,
and the Note Which Is Now the
Bone "of Contention Is Posi
tively Identified.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WILLOWS, April 13.— The Murdock
case opened this morning at 9:30 o'clock
and the matter of the objection of the
defense to the plaintiff, Mary Helen
Murdock, testifying was argued. The
contention of the defense was that the
plaintiff was incompetent under section
1880 of the Code of Civil Procedure of
this State.
The point was argued fully by both
sides and submitted. The court ruled
that the objection was good and sus
tained it.
After the ruling, however, a short
consultation was had and the defense
withdrew all objections to the plain
tiff testifying and she was immediately
placed upon the stand, and told all
about the note and its making. She
said that she was called home from Al
len Springs by some message, and ar
rived home at about midnight on April
4, 1877. On September 5, 1877, William
and Samuel Murdock met her at her
home, and after completing a settle
ment of their affairs, extending over a
period of some fifteen years, and the
note in question given as evidence of
that settlement, Samuel gave William
two notes, one of $26,000 and one of a
smaller sum and $20,000 in gold coin.
Witness knew of other sums of money
passing from Samuel to William prior
to the making of the $100,000 note.
Witness said that the agreement was
mutual between the two men, and that
it was the wish of Samuel that the
note be made payable to plaintiff, in
order that his two grandchildren should
get the money. The time of twenty
years was also made for that purpose,
as Samuel said that at that time the
boys would be wise enough to know the
value of money.
Witness made a good appearance and
General Barnes was unable to shake
her in the least, after a severe cross
examination.
The next witness was H. A. Skiff,
who in IS9O was present at an inter
view between the plaintiff and William
Murdock, in which the plaintiff asked
William for a payment of interest on
the note, which request was refused,
William remarking that the plaintiff
ought to be satisfied, as she held his
note for $100,000, and it would all be
pail when due.
An effort will be made to impeach
the witness by attempting to show
contradictory statements made to par
ties in the State, of Washington.
C. B. Ashurst testified to ..having
called at G. W. Murdock's place on the
4th of. September, 1877, and paid Samuel
$10,000 that he owed him, which sum
was turned over to William on the fol
lowing day when the $100,000 note was
made. Ashurst is a brother of the
plaintiff and was formerly very wealthy
and was handling a great dear of
money and business at the time of this
transaction.
B. I. Robinson, an attorney, now of
San Francisco but formerly of Sacra
mento, testified to having seen the nu'p
in question at the State fair at Sacra
mento in September, 1877. He identi
fied the note, having had it in his pos
session at that time, making an ex
amination of It for a client of his, a
Dr. Hicks.
Plaintiff's attorneys announced at
the close of the day's session that they
would in all probability rest to-morrow.
FARMERS OF YOLO
EXPECT GOOD CROPS
They Are Ordering New Agricultural
Implements in Anticipation of
the Harvest.
WOODLAND, April 13.— The opinion of
a farmer of many years' experience is
that all the summer-fallow wheat and a
great deal of the winter-sown will make
good crops without another drop of rain,
and that the normal amount of spring
showers will insure the largest crop that
has been harvested for many years.
One of the best indications that the
farmers are of the opinion that crop pros
pects are better than usual is to be found
in the fact that they are giving large or
ders for agricultural Implements. A
Woodland dealer recently made a can
vass among the river farmers in the in
terest of improved mowers. The result of
that canvass surprised his most sanguine
expectations. It is best told in the lan
guage of the steamboat men. On the
last trip of the San Jose up the river she
was just twenty-four hours behind regu
lar time. When asked why this was so
the captain explained that his cargo of
freight was larger than usual, 'and," he
added, "there Is hardly a landing on, the
Sacramento River at which we did, not
stop and unload a lot of agricultural ma
chinery."
DOING BUSINESS BY BOATS.
Promise of Activity at the Yolo
County Landings.
"WOODLAND, April 13.— Owing to the
fact that the flood water is subsiding rap
idly and that the road to Elkhorn will be
open for travel much sooner than usual,
that place is likely to become an impor
tant landing this season. Woodland mer
chants are making a practice, at favor
able seasons of the year, of shipping a
great deal of their heaviest freight from
San Francisco by-boat. In this way they
not only secure better rates, but they
furnish "employment for Yolo County men
and teams.
It is probable that the bulk of the grain
bags to be used in Yolo County will be
landed from boats at Yolo County land
ings. *
To Circulate Danish Literature.
PETALUMA, April 13.— T0-day's session
of the Grand Lodge of Dania. consisted of
routine work. The matter of establishing
a library of Danish literature was
brought up and hotly debated. It is the
idea of the promoters to secure literature,
elect a grand librarian, divide the books
into sections and distribute divisions to
subordinate lodges at a specified time, to
be rotated' to tne different lodges and
thus kept in circulation. The sess.on ad
journed at 4 o'clock. The delegates visit
ed the electric light and cold storage
plants. Bryan shoe factory, Caralson-Cur
rier silk mills and other points of interest.
Sudden Death at Woodland.
WOODLAND, April 13.— O. Weed died
at 6:30 o'clock this evening, being found
in a. room unconscious a few minutes be
fore. An inquest will be necessary to de
termine whether he committed suicide.
He has been very despondent of late on
account of financial worries.. He came
from Chlco four years ago and engaged
in the livery business, but has been, out
of business for two years. He leaves a
daughter in a San Francisco school and a
sister in Chico. . ;
NEW CARDINALS
TO BE CREATED
Thje Pope Will Hold a Consistory
to Select Ten More PriQces
of the Church.
n NEW YORK, April 13.— A special cable to the World ■
s? from Rome says: The Pope has decided to hold a con-' *?
*$ tory for the creation of ten Cardinals on May 11. His Holi- *?
« ness will at the same time proclaim the year 1900 as the year, g
§ ness will at the same time proclaim the year 19CO as the year g
il of ecclesiastical jubilee. **
SS The Austrian Emperor has forwarded to" the Pope a *?
°. million dollars for the use of the Vatican. gs
SLOAN RIDES
FOUR WINNERS
Tod's Victories at New
market Course.
Eiyclal Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, April 13.— Sir O. Waldie
Griffith's Stia, ridden by Tod Sloan,
won the Biennial stakes at Newmarket
to-day. Four horses ran. The betting
was 1 to 8 on Stia.
The Double Trial plate was won by
Vaevictus, with Sloan up. Nine horses
ran, and the betting was 5 to 4 on the
winner.
Swirl, also ridden by Sloan, won a
selling plate. Fifteen horses ran and
the betting was 2 to 1 against Sloan's
mount.
Lord Dunraven's four-year-old bay
gelding Seafog, ridden by Sloan, won
the second welter handicap. Eleven
horses ran and the betting was 5 to 2
against Seafog.
Sloan's succession of four wins elicit
ed an ovation. The papers say the
American contingent won thousands of
pounds.
Tod Sloan has been engaged to ride
Lord Dunraven's colt Desmond in the
Derby on May 1.
JOCKEY DUPEE IS
THROWN FROM LIEWANNA
In the First Race at Newport the Col
ored Lightweight Has His Col
lar-Bone Broken.
CINCINNATI, April 13.— Dupee, the
colored lightweight jockey, was thrown
from Liewanna in the first race at New
port to-day and his collar-bone was
broken. Results:
One mile and fifty yards— Rifle won.
Belle of Corsica second, Brulare third.
Time, 1:46.3. _. _
Four furlongs— Miss Warren won, Lady
Mother second.. I'm Next third. Time,
"50
Handicap, one mile— Mizpah won, Wa
tercrest second, Henry Launt third.
Time, 1:41%. - - • •■ ■_ . ,
Seven furlongs— Monadour won, Ruoel
second, Eckna Campbell third. Time,
1:29. " '"','
Four and a half furlongs— Talma won,
Russell R second, Badinage third. Time,
'57
' One mile and fifty yards— Flop' won. Li
bation . second, Eitholy third. Time,
l:4sMt> •'-.'.-
MEMPHIS, April ,13.— Results at Mont
gomery Park: ___ "
Half mile, selling— First Past won, Bon
nivard second, Abergate third. Time,
:50%.
Five furlongs— Verify won. Primate sec
ond. Dave Waldo third. Time, 1:03.
One and an eighth miles— Basquil won,
Tony Honig second, Celtic Bard third.
Time, 1:57 V*.
Four furlongs— Lady Contrary won. Sil
ver Fizz second, Bit of Nash third. Time,
•5e "'*■'"'
' One mile— Prince McClurg won. Sir Ga
tian second. Sea Lion third. Time, l:«.
One mile and an eighth— Banished won,
Jackanapes second. Colonel Frank Wa
ters third. Time, 1:57%.
WASHINGTON*. ApriI 13.— The Bennings
track was fast to-day:
Handicap, five furlongs— Sanders won,
Boney Boy second, Prestidigltatrice third.
Time, 1:02 1-5. _;  '
Four and a half furlongs—Frehnghuy
sen won. Specific second, Merrity . third.
: Time. 0:57. ,
Maryland hurdle handicap, one and
; three-fourths miles over seven hurdles-
Julius Caesar won. Tyrant second, Ox
: nard-third. Time. 3:23 2-5. •' ■ -
Thirteen-sixteenthsof a mile—Maryland
er won. Sol second, Rhodymenia third.
Time, 1:25 2-5. _ >',
One mile and forty yards, selling—Pre
mier won, Lady Disdain second, teller
third. Time, 1:4*8 3-5.
FIELD DAY PROGRAMME.
Events for the Intercollegiate Games
Arranged and Officers Chosen.
STANFORD. April 13.— The events for
the Intercollegiate field day have been
arranged and the officers chosen. The
events will be as follows?
100- yard dash, trial heats.
220-yard hurdle, trial heat*.
One mile run.
! One mile walk.
-yard hurdle, trial heats. *
220-yard dash.
yard run.
■"0-yard hurdle, final heat,
220- yard dash, final heat. ... J
Field events— High jump, hammer throw, phot
put. broad Jump, pole vault. .
The official? chosen are a. follows: Referee.
'< John Elliott; judge of walking. Horace Coffin;
' starter Phil Wand: Judges of finish. Dr. Angel,
'■ W McOee and William Hull; timers. Colonel
Edwards. Dr. Wood. P. D. Sklman and Luther
, Carey measurers. J. Brown Jr. .7. Bernard,
: B ' Miller and T. Storey; field juices. Dr.
Richardson, William Dozler and William Dunn;
clerk of course, F. L. Cougley; field marshal,
Gus M'.ehling; announcer. Bill Erwin.
SOME MADE STRAIGHT KILLS.
Good Scores at the American Live
Pigeon Handicap.
NEW YORK, April 13.— Out of a field
of 263 contestants at the Grand American
handicap at live pigeon shooting who be
gan plugging lead into the birds yester
day morning, seven men finished the
twenty-fourth round late this afternoon
with straight kills. To-morrow morning
at 9 o'clock those seven will finish the
score for first honors, and a close contest
1* looked for. The men left in are: T. R.
Marshall, Mayor of Keithsburg, 111., who
won the handicap two years ago; Ed
Hickman. Kansas City; S. Hoffman Jr.,
Atlantic City; J. A. Jackson. Austin,
Texas; Dr. J. Logan," New York; C. M.
Grimm. Clear Lake, lowa, and George
Roll, Chicago. Under the rules governing
the handicap the money, which amounts
to, .mC". will be divided in sixty-three
parts, the main portion going to the three
highest guns and the rest to the next
sixty. The first, second and third highest
guns will receive $600, $500 and $400 re
spectively. __
To Race at Aqueduct.
NEW YORK. April 13.— A set of six of
W. B. Sink's horses, just from California,
arrived at Morris Park track this morn
ing. They are in charge of P. McDonald,
and are composed of 1-ormero, Dr. Sharp
St. Calatine. a two-year-old by -St: Carlo*
and a couple by Ormonde. They have been
raced in California during the winter and
with the exception" of Formero, who will
be kept for later engagements, are ex
pected to face the flag at Aqueduct. G
W. Scott came from the coast with the
Sink lot. bringing three two-year-olds by
Golden Garter, one by Take Notice and
five-year-old San Mateo. These also are
expected to try for honors at Aqueduct.
NIMRODS WILL
WEAR MOURNING
No Hunting in Marin for
Five Years.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, April When the
! Supervisors met to-day it was confi-
I dently predicted that they would
] adopt the proposed ordinance making
it a misdemeanor either to carry or
' ship game or fish out of Marin County, i
.By the advice of Attorney Boyd and
. District Attorney Mclsaac, however,
i the matter was simply discussed infor
mally and action postponed until next
Wednesday.
The reason for this procedure was the
| objections raised by the Country and
; Tamalpais clubs that, while the board
' could prevent the shipping of game
and fish, any ordinance prohibiting a
' person carrying them out of the county
, would be unconstitutional. To effect
the desired result it was thought best
to frame an ordinance about which
there can be no question, and it was
proposed that such be accomplished by
! prohibiting the killing of game or
catching of fish for five years.
The original measure intended for
adoption was presented to the Supervis
ors by Attorney Boyd in the form of a
petition from the San Rafael Gun Club,
the Novato Gun Club and a large num
ber of ranchers and sportsmen who be
, long to no organization of the kind
whatever. It was really aimed at the
Country and Tamalpais clubs, the
, members of which live principally in
San Francisco. These two clubs have
i vast preserves and control the best
j shooting and fishing grounds in the
\ county. Huntsmen belonging to these
! clubs kill a big amount of game every
j open season and have always prose
cuted poachers to the full extent of the
\ law. It was a feeling on the part of
i residents of Marin County that these
1 clubs themselves are really interlopers
' that led to the petition placed before
the* board. * ■ '• • J ." -. >"■ >_ , : /••.
' It was agreed to-day that Chairman
1 Barr.and Attorney Boyd collaborate in
the. framing of an ordinance preventing
the killing of game err catching of fish
iin the county for five years. Measures
, will also be taken to form a protective
association on the part of all the local
j clubs and huntsmen, the object of which
: shall be an endeavor to see that in the
i future all game laws are more strin
gently enforced.
The proposed ordinance will meet
with vigorous opposition from the mem
; bers of the Country and Tamalpais
; clubs, for its adoption virtually means
I their death. Three of the Supervisors
j are said to be in favor of any ordinance
| Boyd and Barr may agree upon under
I any circumstances, and if they remain
i firm the clubs in question will be pow
| erless to avoid the blow. Supervisor
| Petersen favored such an ordinance
last week, but to-day entered the
doubtful list. - : ■
SHAVER WILL CASE
FINALLY DISMISSED
Contestants See Inevitable Defeat and
Quit the Fight.
SAX RAFAEL, April 13.— The contest
ants of the will of the late Aaron Shaver
have given up the struggle and permitted
the court to dismiss the case after firing
the first shot. This move comes as a sur
prise to the public, because from the al
legations made In the complaint and the
frame of mind of the contestants a long
legal battle was expected. No effort was
made to compromise the case. It was
concluded that the facts would not war
rant a suit at law and the expense due
to an inevitable defeat, so the matter has
simply been stricken from the calendar.
Aaron Shaver died at an advanced age
about two months ago and left one-third
of his estate, variously estimated to be
worth from $30,000 to $40,000, to his brother
Jacob, and the remainder to his pretty
young wife. Margaret, to whom he had
been married only a few years prior to
his death. This . marriage was strongly
opposed by the relatives at the time, and
when the terms of the will were made
public Harriet B. Shaver, a sister-in-law.
and other relatives contested the will on
behalf of themselves and their children.
Just as the case was to go into court
for a first- hearing they deserted their
guns and had the case dismissed.
SENT BY A STENOGRAPHER.
Ollie Hanlocker Accused of Giving
Poisoned Candy.
OMAHA, April 13— A Bee special from
Hastings. Neb., says.: The sensational
poisoning mystery, wherein Mrs. F. C.
Morey and several other prominent wo
men came near meeting death by eating
candy containing arsenic, reached its cul
mination to-night in the Issue by the
County Attorney of a warrant for the ar
rest of Miss Ollie Hanlocker, a stenog
rapher in the law office of Mr. Morey.
husband of the woman to whom the candy
was sent. Miss Hanlocker had been given
a tin by her friends and has not been seen
in the city for two days. Her mother and
a married sister reside here, and three
married sisters live in New York city,
where they stand high in art and musical
circles. Miss Hanlocker is a decided brun
ette, of medium height, about 30 years old.
The case against her was ferreted out by
Mr. Tibbets. Mr. Moray's law ; partner.
The evidence points strongly toward Miss
Hanlocker as the one who wrote the note
('•n the box of candy sent Mrs. Morey. Miss
Hanlocker's defense, if she is arrested and
brought to trial, will be temporary insan
ity.
Mrs. Morey is recovering, but Mrs. Gas
lin. who also ate of the candy. Is In a very
serious condition and will probably die. *
Italy Suspends Action.
NEW YORK. April 12.— Rome cable to
the Journal says: Because of the repre
sentations from the State Department at
Washington Italy .has suspended all ac
tion against Colombia.
Long John Vagged.
SACRAMENTO. -April 13.-Long John
Wilkins. . the negro so well known in
political and racetrack circles, was ar
rested here to-day for vagrancy. A friend
put up JIM bail for him. . ..-.;..
SOME EVIDENCE
AGAINST QUAY
Officers of the Defunct
Bank on the Stand.
THEY PROVE THE BOOKS
ATTORNEYS EOR THE DEFENSE
EIGHT DESPERATELY.^:.".
But the District Attorney Expects to
Show a Conspiracy to Convert
State Money to Private
Use.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA, April 13.— 1n the
trial of ex-Senator Quay to-day District
Attorney Rothermel placed upon the
stand the paying and receiving .tellers
and bookkeepers of trie broken . Peo
ple's Bank to prove the bosks. AH of
these, in answer to questions, made
reference to Senator Quay's account *
and the bookkeepers said they had eh-**"
tered the figures, but none of the books
were opened to show what the nature
of the account was. This will be.-done
later.
All of the bank employes on cross
examination stated that they had : ne"ver
seen Senator Quay's deposit book and
that they did not believe there wai?Vpne.
It had been hinted that the defense
will claim that Senator Quay's accounts
in the ledger were fictitious as far as
' he was concerned and that the Sena
tor's name was used by Hopkins, as a
cloak for his own personal transactions.
The cross-examination to-day would
seem to bear out this theory. : .--
Th- red book was a big feature of
the day's proceedings, figuring dndi
rectly in the testimony of several-wit
nesses. Its pages, were gone over re
peatedly and the question of its iden
tification with the business of the bank
was discussed, and when court ad
journed a handwriting expert was on
the stand identifying the writing in it
as the work of Hopkins. All of this
was accomplished by the District At
torney in spite of the protests of the
three acute, aggressive lawyers em
ployed by Senator Quay, who fought in
vain against the webs of circumstantial
evidence involving the red book to such
an extent that it seems almost certain
that this necessary piece of evidence
will have to be admitted after aIL
It was evident from the District At- A
I torney's attitude to-day that he pro-'
• poses to formally offer the book in cvi
' dence in a day or so, and he appears
confident of his ability to order the
: testimony which its pages contain and
j which is so vita! in trie establishment
iof the charge of conspiracy between
j Quay, Haywood and Hopkins to use the
! money of the State for illicit gain.
=='
—
j Desire Better Sanitation.
SAN RAFAEL. April 13.— The property
owners living in the region included in
i San Anselmo, Ross Valley, Tamalpais and
j the Laurel and the Sunnyside tracts peti
j tioned the Supervisors to-day to appoint
'a board of sanitation, ip.acordance J with
j the law.- which shall be empowered .to
J take action __ -regards -the construction
! of an immense sewer system draining the
I district described. The petition is headed
! by the names of such men as Sheriff Tay
lor. W. S. Davis, James Tunstead, James
1 Coffin. Henry. F. Allen and others. Such
a system will cost a large sum of money,
i but it is an urgent necessity, and the. res
! idents say it must be built at all costs.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ■:» f. j
WHY HOT f
BE CURED? 1
"Health and Disease are conditions on which
depend pleasure and sorrow, happiness or ur.-
happiness. success or failure. Health makes a.
man equal to any emergency. Disease makes
him unequal to the ordinary duties of, life.
It is economy to be well."
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMSER
Z - -m A 2
b m \ to-
- < MM m C 1
"J H ,m Y'X r?3
k-J f Vrk y H.ra
O __m_^__E_tZ^m^s 2
DOCTOR SWEANY,
THE OLD RELIABLE SPECIALIST;
(22 Years' Experience), *> - ..
Offices at 73 1 Market St.. San Francisco,
Where the sick and afflicted can receive treat-
ment in the future, as they, have in the past,
from the ablest and most successful specialist
of the age. Some doctors fail because of treat-
ing the wrong disease; others from not knowing
the right treatment.
NO MISTAKES HERE AND NO FAILURES.
References— Best Banks. Merchants And
Bus;- Men in the city.
In seeking treatment the following qualifica-
tions should be taken into consideration:
Ability, experience, .skill and an established
reputation for • ~'.i'i
RELIABILITY! \ A
All of -which are possessed by Dr. Sweany.' and
are necessary for the successful and satisfac-
tory treatment of any disease. "■ ■ c
NERVOUS DEBILITY ??„ a dSsU-_u*-.
YOUNG. MIDDLE-AGED and OLD , MEN*.
The awful effects of neglected or improperly
treated cases, causing drains, weakness of the
body and brain, dizziness, falling memory,
lack of energy and confidence, pains In the
back. loins and kidneys and many other dis-
tressing symptoms, unfitting one for -study.
•business or enjoyment of lire. Dr. Sweany's
special treatment will cure you. no matter who
or what has failed. ia
WFAK MFN ! -•.•'--- and vitality re-
11 -.HP* mi.Hi stored to weak men. Organs
of the body which have been weakened or
shrunken through Olsea overwork, excesses
or Indiscretion* are restored to full 'power,
strength and vigor by his successful system of
treatment.
RHPTIIRF Cured b > h!s new method without
UUI lUIII-_se of lent or detention from
work— a painless, sure and permanent cure
VARICOCELE »> droce - e - sj*Us:
TMSIIUUU-.-L derness of the glands treat-
ed with unfailing success. ....
CONTAGIOUS BIOOD POISON _"?_*_
eases of the blood promptly and thoroughly
cured and every trace of the poison eradicated
from the system forever.
PRIVATE DISEASES. 'SSSS^ fH
which, if neglected or improperly treated,
break down the system and cause kidneys dis-
ease, etc.. permanently cured
Fl FAT RIP. ITY Static, Galvanic -*•--- Fa-
LLLUI mull I i rad Electricity scientifi-
cally used and unnlled in ail Its modern forms
in conjunction with special medical treatment
In all cases where it can be of benefit.',. ■ -C.-.:. .
WRITF •' you cannot ■"•'" at h - offlce. fully
If 111 IL. describing your symptoms and you
will receive in plain envelope a scientific and.
honest opinion of your case aru. a book of I
valuable information free of charge. - /
Office hours. ? a. m. to S p. Nt, a.ndi 6:30 to ■
Bp. m. Sundays. 10 a. m. to S w ra. ~ .11 at
offlce or address 4H9TC3HI
-. L. SWEANT.M. D.,737 Market St.San - rtttUso.CtfJOE PIGGOTT
PILOTED THREE
WINKING HORSES
His Mounts Heavily
Played.
TAME SPORT AT OAKLAND
■
ARBACES SEEMS TO BE QUITE A
HORSE.
Defeated Joe Ullman in Fast Time.
Silver Tail Again "Displays Ex
ceptional bameness — Storm
King- Downed Ostler Joe.
Joe Tlggott, the Idol of the California
turf, rode In grand form at Oakland yes
terday. ii,. put three winners over the
plate, all at remunerative odds, and
proved the redeeming feature of an other
wise spiritless day's sport. His piloting
of Arbaces and Silver Tail were genuine
exhibitions of horsemanship. In the
final run of the day he sat astride
Ostler Joe and the crowd followed
him, but the black horse collapsed when
half the distance had been reeled off. and
was beaten out cleverly by Storm King,
Of six favorites, three were ag .n suc
cessful ln winning purses. In several in
stances long priced outsiders were knock
ing at the door and the season for "tak
ing shots at the moon" Is now* ripe.
Tom Latta finally engaged a competent
rider to pilot Rev Hooker, and the good
colt took the first event at six furlongs
in clever fashion. With Plpgott up, he
closed favorite and won by a couple of
lengths. Genua, which cut out the run
ning, led Wing out a length for the place.
The latter Ally pulled up bleeding from
the nose.
The flve-furlong scramble was ortly a
"set-up" for Flora Hawk. The flying
mare, with Thorpe in the saddle, started
a 1 to 2 favorite and won an the way.
Crawford, a 50 to 1 shot backed down to
12, took the place from Melvln Burnham,
a 200 to 1 outsider. The second choice,
February, finished back in the ruck.
In a former race Limerick showed such
strong finishing power that the Daly en
try was installed a stanch favorite for the
live-furlong p-year-old dash. Away in
front, the Tammany youngster was quick
ly passed by Silver Tail, which led to the
end, heating Ned Dennis out in a hard
drive. The favorite ran third. .
The mile and a sixteenth run developed |
a surprise . Arbaces, the brother to Diggs,
Sutton and <>iinthus, took command in the
stretch, and, ridden out, downed the fa
vorite. Joe rilman. less than a length in
the fast time of 1:46 V.. Hugh Penny was
close third. The winner was 6 to 1 In the
ring.
The five-furlong sprint for fillies was
only a gallop for Miss Marion. At pro
hibitive odds, she ran away from tne oth
er starters. El Estro flnisheu second.
Ostler Joe .appointed his friends in
the concluding mile run. Sent to the post
a 4 to 5 chance, he was unable to shake
off Storm King, and at the wire suc
cumbed by less than a length in 1:42*4.
-. To-Day Entries.
Following are the entries for this afternoon's
running events:
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK. Thursday, April 13. 1899.—Seventy
first day of the winter meeting of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Weather
fine. Track fast.
EDWIK F. SMITH. Presiding -udge.
JAMES F. CALDWELL, Starter.
O(^Q FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, *400.
Index. Horse.
Weight.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
, —
?32 Rev Hooker 112 2
• nua •
ss.2 Wing 105 6
94.". Th.- Fritter V
I
958 Juva I
!-4: Punpraise 110 S
!>3S Bland UP! 4
6 5
1 1
fi h
2 h
7 h
3 h
S
4 2
4 1
1 1
2 Vj
3 h
6 1
5 V 4
8
7 1
3 3
1 h
2 2
4 hi
5 1
6 3
7 2
8
1 2
2 1
3 1
4 5
5 1
6 3
7 2
8
[Piggott 8-5
W. Narvaez.. 5
J. Reiff 15
Macklin 3
Web<»r 8
K. Jones 5
; Holmes j 100
iO'Brlen 100
2
9-2
12
3
12
6
300
800
Time— ' 4 . -i\: H. :<•%; %, I:M%. Winner, T. F. Latta's eh. c. by El Rio Rey-Ogalena.
Good ytart. Won cleverly. Second and third driving.
Hey Honker was nicely ridden and was perhaps the best. Genua tired as usual. A rest
wmld do hrr c<«,.]. Wing bled. She would have won. The Fretter ran a weird sort of race.
O£»Q SECOND RACE— Five furlongs; selling;
; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Vim. %m. \
82ft Flora Hawk. 4 108 2 1
-i. a 11l 4 ... ... 2
777 M.-lvln Burnham, 4.11S v ... ... 6
894 Plfrra lilanro. 4 108 6 ... ... 3
lonlal I)imf, 4...1 M 1 ... ... 7
744 Santa I^ucia, v 109' 9 ... ... S
unt, 6 11l 10 ... ... II
~^ Spry Lark, 6 109 7 ... ... S
myle, 4 106 3 ... ... 4
ISS Alvero, 6 11112 ... ... 10
!'62 Jlaliverso, 4 10S 13 ... ... 9
Ttl I'aul Krugpr, 4 11114 ... ... 12
9M February, 5 l') 9 s ... ... 14
IU '/.'■m Zert, 4. I I ... ... 13
2
\
4
o
6
1
iS
hi
I
12
13
14
i -
Ijll
l
Vim.
...
him.
1 4
2 1
6 V*
3%
7 1
&2
11
6 Vi
4 1
10
92
32
14
13
%m.
Str.
"'.
1 2 Thorpe
2 1 Jenkins
3ns Rouillier
4 2 Ames
5 % L. Daly
6% Snider
7 1 Robertson ....
8 1 I. Powell
9 1 Hyland
10 2 Stewart
11 3 W. Xarvaez..
12 2 Mackltn
13 2 E. Jones
14 I Raymond ....;
Fin.
3-5 1-2
30 12
100 200
2", 2')
30 60
30 75
100 300
20 75
50 200
30 mo
100 200
30 75
3-2 2
200 300
Time— 1. . Winner. F. McMahon's br. m. by" imp. Hawkeley-Flora,
Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
The winner walked home. r r aw/ord «hnwed Improvement. Sierra Blanco stopped. Others
are candidates for the potato wagon traffic.
Scratched— Meadow Lark 111, Merry Boy 111. Roulette Wheel 106.
f)TO THIRD RACE- Five furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, $400:
Ind<=x. Horpe.
Weight.
Hra.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
<C 1 Silver Tall 113
959 Ned Iwnnls 105
928 Umeriek 1M
? r ,2 Rachel C 105
SMO Ix>rh Katrine 115
DO Sharkey US
S2l Sir Hampton ins
??1 Artemis 105
6
i
I
6
7
2
8
j?
1 1
8%
2 h
6%
4 1
« H
8
7_2
1 1%
5?
3 1
■* w
5 1
03
8
7 2
1 1 ■
2 1
3 M
4 1
E 1
6 6
7 2
8
1 % Piggott ".
2 n .1. Relff
3 % Thorpe
4 4 ;E. Jones
5 6 'Hennessy
6 6 Jenkins
7 2 McNlchols ...
8 I. Powell
6 5
5 13-2
4-5 6-5
3 16-5
6 15
20 41)
60 100
60 100
Time—*. :13: *. :36%i; %. 1:02%. Winner. G. W. Baldwin's eh g by Em™
r,ir Ftart. Won first three driving. '*' * p<
• Tall in a game one. Nod Liennis, with a stronger ride could have
eridl Li-t. Rachel C phould have been fighting for first me
of Nor-
1. Llm-
-971. ' ".'., I v nl j^' ACE ~ One and a Blxteenth mlles - selling; thr^year-olds and upward;
Index. Horse. Ag-e. Weight.]
;. Std. Urn.
him.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
(5:^1) Arbacfs. 4 112 31 42 3h 31 12 I*4 Plggott 4. k
(937) Joe Ullman, 5 106 7 7 5 % 5 2 5 2 2h 2 '.4 J. nelff 511 -
954 HuKh Penny, a. ...Ill' 3 2n 3 ',4 43 2h 31 310 Thorpe ; '""" 9 },"?
PCI Tony LicaJzl. 4 105 1 12 VV4 11% 11 4 2 4 1 E. Jones I 15 «
853 Myth. 5 107 5 42 2*l 214 h 55 56. Joe Weber. 4 «,
02S Joe Mussle, 5 109 4 61 64 «1. 61 610 612 (Basßinger "" 'A if
945 Espionage. 3 87| 6 r, M 7 ■ 7 : 77 7 _ lHal Brown!!', 1* v
Time— l-16. :C€Ji: 5-16, :31»4: 9-16, .V 13-16, 1:21% ; mile, 1:40%; 1 l-lC:,i. 14.;', Wlr^-T
A. J. Sternler * Co.'« b. h. by Bed Iron-Ivlly Wright. Good start. Won first three driving
Art;i has more class than was supposed. Hugh. Penny Injudiciously handled Myth
• contrary to the unual custom, was rated. Ullman was best. ". •
Scratched — Daisy F 104. , ';■-.»'-"•:
Q7Q FIFTH RACE— Five furlongs; three -year-old fillies; puree, *400.
Indt-x. }i fte.
Weight.
Urn.
Jim.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
Jones
Relff
en Mis:; Marlon .......107 2
104 El B»tro 107 7
842 Uanewor 107 8
902 Koyal Van 107 4
'.W .imatui 107 6
931 Cleodora 107 5
941 Teach Blossom . . 107 3
720 lipga .....107 1
1 1
2%
4 h
3 h
6 1
8
6 3
7 !
1 1
2 h
3 2
4 1
5 1
6*l
S
7 1
1 3
2 1
3 2
5 2
4 1
6 1
7 2
8
13 i
2 hi
3 »i
4 3.
6%
6 1
,74
8
orpe
lI Brown...
1-3
4
6
50
00
150
200
60
1-4
9-2
10
75
no
200
500
100
nklns
Dletro
etro
'land
nes
Time ' Winner, B. Schrelber'B b. f. by Himyar-lmp. Aatolat
Good start. Won easily. Second and thinl driving.
MUs Marlon flirted with her field. El Kstro has lost her form.
QJO SIXTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds and upward; purse. J4OO.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
him.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
955 Storm King, 5 112 1 23 In 12 11 1% W. Narvaez.. 113-10
935 Ostler Joe, 6 117 3 in 25 22 22 22 Piggott ........ 14-5 4-5
133 Jtupido, a 107 5 51 4V4 31 34 38 Any 30 15
K55 Brady, 6 117 6 6 '.4 3h 4V{ 41 4h )Cc>W I 20 30
922 Three Forks, a ....115 2 3% 03 5461 6hi Macklin ..:.„ j 100 200
019 Bonnie lone, 4 102 4 4n 6162 65 6 6 Hal Brown... I 30 40
!)26 Gold Fin. 3 94 7 710 710 76 76 76 Coburn 100 2O'I
W! Bllys Rucker, 4.....106 8 8 8 8 f , -.•-8-;-'. L.., Daly 100 300
~Time-%, :25%: %,':&0; %. 1-16; mile, 1:42%. Winner, W. Landsberg's blk. :h. by Imp. '
Whistlejacket-Grenadlne. Good start. Won first three driving. '
Ostler Joe stopped when half the route had been covered. • Storm Kins did not have
much in reserve. Kapldo bad plenty of speed. Grady of little use.
First Race— furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward; selling.
932 Katnsln 1061 943 Jinks ••• »7
951 Novia 10ll(93C)Prompto 106
956 Watossa 92 1 938 Saintly •■•• "
967 Faversham ..... 95 956 Alaria '• __
920 Polka 92 942 Annowan 98
961 Highland Ball. .112; 965 Frohman 103
956 Heigh Ho lul 930 Amasa ...•' 108
936 Horatio 109 1 946 Sir T'rlan *»
965 Socialist 1031 965 Guilder 10J
Second Race— and an eighth miles; four
year-olds and upward; selling.
942 Adam Andrew.. llo, 944 New Moon 105
942 McFarlane ..... .107 957 Darechota 101
953 Billy McCloskeyllO; SB9 Stan P0wer5. ...103
951 Ringmaster *....._.7i 950 Cavallo 107
924 Merry Boy 107 957 Rosemaid 101
973 Rapido 107 (957) Einstein 103
839 Huntsman ......1071 939 Morana .........
942 Coda 1051 942 Una C010rad0... 107
942 Peter II 110 1 253 Eureka HO
Third Race— Four furlongs; two-year-olds;
maidens.
... Loyta 115' 970 Tom Sharkey. ...llo
... Idalette 113 970 Rachel C 115
964 Burdoc 115 i S9l Rose of H110....1i4
940 Gusto * 107 959 Tannbe 115
940 Big Horn 113 963 Flush of G01d. ..115
453 The Buffoon 104 940 Nettle Clark 115
... Rose Queen 115 959 Champion Ruse. lls
927 Bamboulia 118 916 Illilouetto 104
I 921 Catulus 107 740 Lorello 104
Fourth Race— mile; three-year-olds;
maidens.' -'%-'"•"
600 Fort is 931 890 Ed Lanigan 106
835 Granger 117 , 913 Sylvan Lass 96
.62 Pallucus l^O 879 Bly 93
724 Thvne 108 941 Solstice 96
699 Hannah Held... 96 941 Alhaja 96
1 990 Catastrophe ....112, ... Sooner Fly 116
90] Cyaro 108 941 Rio Glenn 108
; 879 Gold Garter 93
Fifth Race-nOne and an eighth miles; three
, rear-olds and upward: selling.
' "<944) Tim 96 (939) Winifred 91
933 University 112 957 Reolla inn
837 Outripht 112' 962 Judge Wofford.. 93
; 169 Colonial Dame.. lo6 (962) Peter Weber..... 93
Sixth Race— and a quarter miles; handi
; cap.
967 avid Termy — 113j(945)Merops S3
(933) Ad. Spreckeis. ..lO""! 915 Dare II ;.. *;
sinante 106; 960 Roadrunner SO
I (947)V1ncltor FS
Selections for To-Bay.
First Race— Jinks. Amosa. Highland Ball. -
: Second Race— Ringmaster. Einstein, Cavallo.
Third Catulus, Rachel C, Flush of
Gold. |
Fourth Race— Ed Lanlgan, Hannah Reid, Rio
Glenn.
Fifth Race— Vim, Peter Weber, Winifred.
Sixth Race— Tenny, Adolph Spreckeis,
, Merops. ________________________
"A HOT OLD TIME."
The Rays to Reopen the California
Theater With Their Breezy
Farce-Comedy.
On Monday evening next the California
: Theater is to be reopened with a farce
'■ comedy that promises much pleasure to
playgoers. The old San Francisco fa
vorites, Johnny and Emma Ray, are
scheduled to produce their latest success,
"A Hot Old Time." The lines in the play
are said to be breezy and bright and give
I the members of the company many op
portunities for showing their versatility.
George M. Cohen, who has gained fame
as a farceur, has touched up the comedy
in his Inimitable style. Original songs and
a number of strong specialties have been
I Introduced to add interest to the produc
tion. The Rays have gathered a score of
| clever artists around them and it is con
■ fidently said they will be kindly received
' by the critical local public. Many of them
have appeared in this city before and es
| tablished themselves as favorites.
In the play Mr. and Mr?. Ray appear
in their original characters of Larry
Mooney and Mrs. General Blazer, and are
; supported by the following people: Dolph
. and Susie Levino, Frank Lalor, Dave
. Genaro and Ray Bailey, Harry Dull.
Hayes and Healy, "William Finley. Robert
Cone, Fanny Mora, Vernla Lalor, Minerva
Adams ' and Helen. Bronner.
Very* elegant costumes, designed by
Mrs. Ray, are worn by the ladies .of the
company, who are pretty and. good sing
ers. A cake walk by Genaro and Bailey
is a feature of the performance. The lat
ter are said to be unexcelled in this spe-
c ialty.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 14, 1899.
TWO "ANGELS"
FOLD THEIR
WINGS AND QUIT
A Dramatic Frost at
the Alhambra.
ONE MORE THEATRICAL WRECK
SIX ACTORS WANT TICKETS TO
GO HOME.
Edward Holden Flashed the Local
Capital for the Enterprise, but
He Could Not Draw
Crowds. • .
Two "angels" of .the drama have folded
their little wings this week and become_
"dead uns." Their "names are Henry Mac-
Donald and Thomas Kilgo. They were
good things while they lasted, but will
soon be indistinguishable amid the
wrecks that crowd on memory at the
Alhambra. They are theatrical ghosts
that refuse to walk, even for the half
dozen members of the stock company
brought here from the East to electrify
San Francisco at "ten, twenty and
thirty."
Less than three months ago the an
gelic qualities of Mac Donald and Kilgo
were discovered in this city, of which
both are residents, by Actor E. J. Holden.
He had a new venture in mind and had
•no trouble in introducing it to the heav
enly visitants. They fell in love with the
idea and soon .Holden was on his way
East to • secure actors for the company,
Mac Donald and Kilgo having agreed to
flutter their wings for the necessary cash,
Holden to get a salary as stage manager
and a working interest in the venture.
The Alhambra Theater was rented for
two months— from March 1 to May l and
the thrilling melodrama, a blood curdler
from away back, "Dewey, the Hero of
Manila," was put in. rehearsal for the
opening week.
In due time Holden returned from New
| York, having signed there six people for
i the stock company, for a season of eight
weeks. In addition to their salary, they
were promised, >as In all cases of such
[ short engagement so far from home, that
I they would be given return transporta
! tion. The six were Thomas Doyle, late
j leading man with Fanny Davenport;
1 Charles Swain, who . was such a popular
I comedian at Morosco's; De Witt Clinton,
' whose great grandfather was the cele
i brated Secretary or the Treasury of the
i United States of that name, whose face
I looks out from the revenue stamp on all
i cigarette boxes; Joseph Tracy, Miss
Laura Alberta, leading lady, and Miss
Florence Rossland, ingenue. -.. .
"Dewey, the Hero of Manila." was put
i on for the first time at the Alhambra on
I the night of March 6, the Eastern per
formers being reinforced by the necessary
I local talent. It went with a whoop. Red
, fire and tin thunder, bullets ana blood
! flashed and rattled and whistled and
flowed through four fierce acts; Spanish
j were slaughtered by the thousand; Hob-
I son flew all the way from Santiago at the
rise of the curtain to Cavite in the last
act, just in time to raise seventeen sunken
ships and put the "kibosh" on any little
idea the enemy might have had that it
was still alive and kicking. The first
week's receipts were very good and "The
Hero of Manila" might have been given
an extended run for his money had not
Holden provided otherwise. He had also
engaged, while in New York, Agnes Hern
don as leading .lad^ and announced that
for the second week he would put on "La
Belle Marie." He did, but that gifted lady
failed to touch a responsive chorcFTn the
public breast and the receipts dwindled
as fast as the hopes of the "angels."
"Saved From the Flames" and "Married,
Not Mated," were tried in the succeeding
two weeks with even worse luck, and
"The Sunny South," a war drama, with
plantation songs thrown In, was produced
last Monday night in a despairing effort
to coax coin into the house.
The frost that struck "The Sunny
South" shriveled up the hopes of all. It
was a nipper and no mistake, and al
though Holden insisted in putting on the
drama the next night, it was no use.
The temperature was too much for it and
it died an unnatural death. The snow
drifted about the doors of the Alhambra.
and they did not open Wednesday night
and there Is no telling when they will.
Never again, however, under the triple
headed management pf Holden, Mac Do
nald and Kilgo.
The "angels" are supposed to have
dropped $5000 between them, Mac Donald
three-fifths of that, and yet all the cred
itors of the short-lived management are
not satisfied. The six actors brought
from the East for the "Hero of Manila"
are still waiting for their return' tickets,
and are none too sanguine that they will
get them.
The cause of the failure is laid at the
door of Holden, who is accused by mem
bers of the company of a sort of loftiness
that was very trying at times, and is said
to have Interfered with good work. In ad
dition, he is said to have avoided tne
usual channels^ of advertising, and this
is declared to nave been h.-» most costly
mistake. He might have drawn people
even to the "Sunny South" had they had
any means of ascertaining that that play
was being given.
COLLEGE GLEES AT
THE FETE TONIGHT
PREPARING FOR THE BIG IOWA
ENTERTAINMENT.
Prominent Society Men on the Floor
Committee for the Charity Ball
on Monday Night.
The stirring music of the Twenty-fourth
United States Infantry Band (colored)
was one of* the, most attractive features
at the gingerbread fete last evening. The
programme was an unusually good one
and combined excellent vocal selections,
together with acrobatic feats by \ promi
nent Olympic Club men. The wand drill
by the pupils of the Chinese public school
was an entertaining and unique feature
and reflected great credit on the instruct
or, Professor George Mlehllng.
To-night will be "college night," and the
following excellent programme will be
presented: _V-_Pw-_|S
Aunt Margory, Stanford- University Glee
Club; Andalusia waltz, Stanford Mandolin
Club; monologue, Frank B. Riley; Kentucky
Babe. Stanford Glee Club; marks and remarks.
R. V. Culver; Ell Green's cake walk, Stanford
Mandolin Club; slumber song, Mrs. Walter
Fonda. -.•,•>'
Saturday will be the gala day of the ex
hibition. At the matinee there "will, be a
special performance for the children and
in the evening the United States steamer
lowa all-star combination will hold the
stage. Great preparations are being made
for lowa night. All the booths will be re
moved and seats provided for all. On ac
count of the great crowd that has already
signified its Intention of being present > the
lady patronesses of the fete have decided
to dispose of a limited number of reserved
seats at an extra charge of 50 cents.
• The charity ball on Monday evening
next will bring the fete to a brilliant
close. Tickets have been placed at 12 50
and admission to the gallery may be pur
chased, at $1. Prominent society men will
officiate. as a floor committee, and among
them are Joseph D. Grant. Allen St. John
Bowie, Robert Oxnard, Samuel Knight,
Percy King. John Merrill, William Irwin,
Colonel Preston, Charles. Field, Fred
Kohl, Frank King. George A. Pope, Col
onel Frank Sumner. William H. Crocker,
Peter Martin and Walter Martin.
Last night's programme in full was -as
fallows: - •
Song, "Calm Is the Night" (Bohm), Oscar
S. Franks; club swinging, Charles Slamberg;
song, William J. O'Brien; acrobatics. Messrs.
Swift and Burke; song. Frank W. Thompson;
contortion act, T. Walsh; Chinese specialty,
Mrs. Loosley; Are act, A. Stone: wand drill,
by pupils of the, Chinese public school.
HAPPY COLORED
SOLDIERS AT
THE PRESIDIO
delighted With Their
New Quarters.
ON GOOD TERMS WITH WHITES
PREPARING TO SEND MORE
TROOPS TO MANILA.
1 /
New Orders to a Number of Officers.
Mishap to Corporal Thornton •
of the Fourth Cavalry
' Band.
The detachment of the Twenty -fourth '
Infantry stationed at the Presidio has be
come comfortably located in its new
quarters, and officers and men are a unit
in voting the post the most desirable In
the country. Certainly the colored
"doughboys" have not been long in es
tablishing themselves and already they
are the recipients of marked attention at f
the hands of their civilian brethren and
sisters.
They are a happy lot, those black
skinned warriors, with never a care nor
a thought of the morrow. The veterans
among them recall the days before the
Spanish war, when they were stationed
continually on the frontier in small gar
risons, where all the routine duties de
volved upon a few men, the more desira
ble stations being given to the white
troops. But their work in ..the Santiago
campaign earned for them something bet
ter than "herding Indians," and they have
been rewarded with the finest station in
the service, where enough troops are con
stantly stationed to divide the work and
give them all plenty of leisure.
They are a never-failing source of
amusement to the white cavalrymen and
the casuals at the Presidio bound
for the Philippines, and the best
of feeling prevails. When the regi
ment was recruiting up to its maxi
mum strength at the breaking out of the
war the recruits were drawn almost
wholly from the plantations of the South,
and the quaint negro dialect, with its
simple humor, broken by contagious guf
faws, is heard on all sides. They are as
frolicsome as a litter of kittens, and the
white boys readily join in their sports.
Yesterday afternoon there was a hotly
contested ball game on the old parade
ground between teams from the Twenty
fourth and the white soldiers. The scorer
grew weary and gave up his job after a
few innings, but the players kept right
along with the game. In another part of
the field a squad of whites and blacks
mixed up indiscriminately in a football
match. All the other soldiers on the res
ervation who were off duty divided their
attention between the games, cheer
ing the players on to greater efforts.
Out-of-dcor sports are all right with the
white boys, but when the newcomers sug
gest a game of craps it is different. Many
of the men have families and stylishly
dressed maids and matrons and rollicking
pickanninies abound. %
Johnny Morrisey could go out to the
Presidio and pick up some cake walkers,
buck and wing dancers and musical come
dians that would discount most of his
imported talent.
Preparations are being rushed. for the
reception of more troops en route to the
Philippines. Carpenters are putting up
wooden kitchens on the camp ground near
the eastern entrance for the accommoda
tion of troops in transit, while the new
barracks are rapidly nearing completion.
Eight batteries of the Sixth Artillery will
arrive in a day or two and sail on the
transport Warren about the 18th Inst.
The Newport will sail on or about the
20th, carrying a battalion of marines and
two batteries of artillery.
The famous Twenty-first Infantry Will
arrive here next Sunday or Monday, and
will sail on the transport Hancock. Light
Battery E, First Artillery, now at the
Presidio, will also sail on the Hancock.
Acting Assistant Surgeon W. A. Mc-
Yean has been assigned to duty at the
Presidio General Hospital. Acting Assist
ant Surgeon R. F. Gray has been relieved
from duty on the transport Warren and
assigned to the general hospital. Acting
Assistant Surgeon R. E. Williams has
been relieved from duty at Angel Island I
and assigned to the Warren.
" ; First Lieutenant H. G. Leonard, Four
teenth Infantry, has been assigned to
duty with the battalion of casuals at the
Presidio, and will accompany it to Manila.
First Lieutenants Thomas McConnell
and Hugh D. Wise. Ninth Infantry, will
proceed to Manila to join their regiment
on the Hancock-
Second Lieutenant Samuel A. Kephart,
Fourth Artillery, has been detailed as
quartermaster on the transport Leelanaw.
He will also take charge of the detach
ments detailed to accompany the horses
and guns shipped on the Leelanaw.
Lance Corporal George W. Thornton,
Fourth Cavalry band,. with an acci
dent during the funeral of Colonel W. C.
Smith on Tuesday, but fortunately es
caped with comparatively slight injury.
When* the band wheeled Into Steuart
street from Market Thornton's horse
slipped on the pavement and fell. The
rider was playing at the time and did not '
have a chance to get his foot from the
stirrup before the horse fell upon his
right leg. No bones were broken, but the
skin from the knee to the ankle was
scraped away. Corporal Thornton was on
his feet as soon as the horse, and, re
mounting, continued on to the ferry with
the band. '
A BABY PRISONER
Judge Conlan Severely Reprimands
Secretary Wadham of the Eu
reka Society.
Mrs. Edna Aubray and her two-year
old baby girl appeared before Judge Con
lan yesterday, the mother to.' answer a
charge of vagrancy. preferred against her
by her father, Captain Van Pelt, and the
child to be sent to a public institution.
The Judge ordered the name of the
child to be stricken from the calendar
and characterized her arrest by Secretary
AVadham of the Eureka Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children "as a
gross outrage. It would remain an indeli
ble stain upon an innocent child to have
her name upon the prison register, and
he was amazed and indignant at any of
ficer being guilty of such an outrageous
act. B^bBQRS-P'' .
Mrs. Aubray's case.was. was continued till
to-morrow. She is out on her own recog
nizance, and Wadham wanted Prosecut
ing Attorney Lowe to; get the Judge to
order her into custody; but he indignant
ly refused. The case will probably be
transferred to another court, as Judge
Conlan is acquainted with the defend-
ant. ■ _ ■'■•■ r
Both Mrs. Aubray's husband and her
father were in court. Mrs. Aubray is
indignant at her arrest by Wadham,
which she says Is persecution, and she
threatens to horsewhip him. Wadham de
fends his conduct by declaring that he
knows the woman Is not a fit person to
have the custody of. the child, and that
he was granted, letters of guardianship
over the youngster last December.'
Victim to Manila Heat.
Julius Hilpic.h.who was arrested Tues
day for chasing J. F. Durkin, a gro
cery «lerk at ; 1712 Eddy street, with a
carving knife, was taken from the City
Prison to the Receiving Hospital yester
day to be treated for an ■ attack of epi
lepsy. His father called at , the hospital
and told Dr. Weil that his son had en
listed as a -.volunteer last year and had
gone to Manila. The excessive heat had
brought on epileptic attacks and he
was honorably, discharged. When an at
.tack Is coming on he becomes temporar
ily crazy. X ...■■■'
Julius was released on his own recog
nizance yesterday afternoon by Judge
Mogan. --He. has a brother on one of the
battleships and his father was decorated
with the Iron Cross for bravery during
the Franco-Prussian war. f. v
THE EMPORIUM. J THE EMPOBITJM. j THi EMPORIUM.
The famous baritone |UE 2^fi^©S_J|Hi^.^ Infants' Shoes-
singer, Senor Antonio §Jl@B' -*" a d *Wwß • black or chocolate Vici
Vargas, and Senorita ™ ■ Ooidcnßuicßaataap. "| kid, button style, fancy
Gueritta in calworhia* m^t-americas ct^hdest srofff. silk vesting tops,
operatic - *<-i/__ i^A/~ turned sewed
duets at . /f r\ l * .^^ CS/T) A '/l//~7J „ soles, sizes 2 t0 6,
concert to- V 0 U OuUC^y^AflA \^A(AA<A^XA^ regularly $ ,_
morrow night v U to-day only, 62c
Last two days of the great Feist Stock Sale of useful household articles for Kitchen
and Dining-room closets—Toys, etc, at about 50c on the dollar,
(Main-aisle near entrance and second floor in rotunda).
ti&_^__ Hongkong Fine Dry Granulated this week 21 lbs for $1,00
m^SMffW^^B^ Western Refinery Dry " " " 20 " " $1,00
%mWWmwS^BB Best Cube Sugar " " 18" " $1.00
(See below other remarkable offerings in Groceries).
m mgg -m - m A chance that rarely comes. We are over,
M-ffgMr mm_%_ m* /j_P^ jer*& &^ (_^x stocked, so offer a discount of 25 per cent
Er Hr Hft (/ff ■ V _^^ °" ail 9°' d > gold filled and silver Watches
===== _. over $10 in price for balance of month.
For "Bargain Friday Only, Astonishing Friday Bargain. Big Friday Bargain in
50c Handkerchiefs, 19c Fine Stationery. Boys' Caps.
25 dozen Ladies' extra fine, elaborately Fine Society Stationery — heavy, finely Boys' Yacht Caps, like C" —
embroidered, all-linen Handkerchiefs— a finished paper— Billet, Oxford, Victor, Picture made of ' all- -—^v/ > " V
sheer cloth — large assortment of styles Opera, Courtier and Mis-non shapes — in WO ol blue Serge Che- <: **>^-___^**-n^\
worth 35c and 50c each— sale price to- cream, heliotrope, pink, azure and gray v ' ot( with black Her- v J* s^^**-'
day ...,19c tints— the regular prices from $1.50 to cu i e ' s Braid and double * 111 \
* $2 for 120 sheets paper and 125 envel- s ni_ con i around band L fhl $>
opes— special for to-day only, the 245 —cheap at 45c each— T - / >^'
Jon For Bargain pieces for 870 special price to-day /,>-<_^^^v
P&rifi* - • Friday Only, - only 23c {WZgZr:'
,^jMmsl.so Collar Useful Friday Bargain, A/ V
%A2^^ ettes, 98c. Shears, 16c. An m - _
%^ptW) 50 only, Black Liberty /^^ " AU Friday— Good Chenille
t <%W Silk co"" 6^" 1^  ,AZ J) Table Covers.
V ■ i^.-vwft picture— made extra *^__ I>^ >^-~ — __ www. «>
f__f?_s^Q-rf/oA full and ver y stylish— ~" ~%~~ 300 excellent Chenille Table Covers —
WsJs^%y rich ' loss y» durable 4^——-==±- 45 ' Table inside the fringe—
V «iW, picture— made extra *^-_«-_— V* %^-~ _1 w <*-*****.*..
Jr^\ff% full and very stylish— "^-C^ 300 exce,lent Chenille Table Covers—
™ffilwW& rich > & oss y< durable x * : i-_r____V 45 inches square inside the fringe—
■j&fflSwy ***- materials, with long _ , ,, . , _. ... . , fringed, all round— very heavy quality
W V' flowing ends— worth Good nickel-plated Shears, like picture —Ottoman and Persian patterns— regular
W $1 50 each— for to-day either Bor 9 * nches long— special to- pr i ce 55 c each-and they are worth more
' oniy.... 98b day only, per pair ISC .—sale price to-day 33c
'. "Bargain Friday Only.
Bargain Friday Clean- Up of Knittintt Silk Special Friday and Saturday.
Trimmings, 6c Yd. Crown Knittin _ Siik _ the 5c " poo]s _ Groceries—
The color lines are broken in a big lot large assortment of colors, including Pure Food Products of the finest qualities,
of trimmings that we have on hand, and pinks, blues, reds, white and cream— spe- Fancy Maine Sweet Corn there is none
to close them out we mark them at less cial to-day only, per spool 2c better — regularly 13c can lOC
than cost of manufacturing— they were : Spider Leg Tea— our 60c lb quality.....
15c, 20c and 25c the yard— day... Some Friday Bargains -*5©
, _ ■«__'_.' mm __ Le Court's Mushrooms — 1-lb tins —
•„_, . _ _ FOr BlCyCilStS. ularly 25c-for. 18c
Jl Friday Bargain m " Spring Steel Pants Seville's Fancy Queen Olives-l^oz
Plated Trays. S^SA Guards, per pair..../©, bottles-regular .v 3Jc-each 25c
_r~a«_ra«»M . . .mj^m. rrw^y\ - -. ,  Good Zinfandel Table Wine — regularly
p<r^;-.:,:^.y:.^ ; . Quadruple W_YsGJr\ Tire Tape, 1-oz rolls, 75c gallon— 506
::^^y^yy-^§) silver-plated \xJI_WU each '" "* C Old Crow . Bourbon— spring . of '89—
SjT^^^y^^^r^ Bread Tray, v -*_^^^ Solar Acetylene Gas regularly $5 gallon for- $3.75
p^_y satin finish,* _^____^^V. Lamp, 1899 pattern, Or a full quart $1.35 bottle f0r....". $1
bright cut, /^.^r>_ regularly $3.50 each — Tom Gin— our own bottling money
would be cheap at $I.ls— special for to- \ =)j<? special to-day only back if it fails to please you regularly
day only, each 87c ■_**?*•/ $2,73 90c bottle special for .72c
NEVILLS AND
HIS PARTNERS
COMPROMISE
Agree to Sell the
Rawhide Mine.
LITIGATION TO BE DROPPED
PRICE OF THE PROPERTY FIXED
AT $1,800,000.
A Written Compact and Final Ar
rangements Placed in the Hands
of a Trusted Mutual
'■'*{■*: y Friend.
Captain W. A. Nevills and his warring
partners, W. H. Martin and John Ballard,
in the celebrated Rawhide mine, '; have
agreed to settle the several pending suits
between them in a novel manner. The plan
of compromise evolved from a bluff mage
by Martin and Ballard, according to the
version of the affair given yesterday by
Captain Nevills.
Believing that his partners were endeav
oring to take advantage of him in con
nection with a certain deal that was pend
ing for the sale of the mining property,
Nevills about three months ago began suit
against them to protect his interests. This
suit was followed by two others, Including
one demanding $167,000 damages. Frequent
endeavors • were made by the mutual
friends of the parties to the litigation to
have the matter settled out of court, but
without avail' until three weeks ago...
Martin and Ballard charged that Cap
tain Nevills would not agree to anything
that' was fair. They declared that they
were willing to allow the property to be
sold to third parties and thus put an end
to all disputes, bickerings and lUigatlpn,
but that Nevills would not agree to such a
proposition. This was brought to the
knowledge of the captain; and he prompt
ly sent word back for them to name the
price for which the mine was to be sold
and to put their offer into writing. This
was done and was at once accepted by
Captain Nevills. ■ •
An agreement was drawn up which the
three men as well as all the smaller
stockholders in the mine signed, by the
terms of which the Rawhide mine was to
be sold at an upset price of $1,800,000. the
proceeds to be divided among the share
owners in proportion to : their holdings.
This agreement has been placed in the
hands of a third party, whose name is
kept a secret, and who is given full power
to dispose of the property. The agree
ment further provides . that all pending
litigation be abandoned.
It Is said that a prospective buyer has
been found and that he will make a visit
to the mine in- about a week. Owing to
the lack of water the mine has not been
worked for the past six months, but pre
vious to that time its output is reported
to have been $40,000 a month.
This Will Be Methodist Day.
The third in the series of lunches at the
old hall of the Young Men's Christian As
sociation, 232 Sutter street, will take place
to-day,; and the Methodist churches will
have charge and . a bevy- of . young ladies
from this denomination will serve the ta
bles. There is a greut deal of enthusi
asm manifested and' thd lunches have been
largely patronized. All interested should
get their lunch at the hall to-day.
To-morrow will be Congregational day,
and a specialty will be made of New Eng
land clam chowder. . It is possible that
the lunches may continue over Saturday.
Ellen M. Henrotin, ex-president of
the Federated . Woman's Clubs -of"
America, writes about the' woman's
clubs in California, in. next Sunday's
Call. ■-..■■- f . v :V'f-''__ --•:'■
TELEPHONE
COMPANY
UNDER FIRE
Merchants Denounce
Unjust Charges.
COMPLAINT RECENTLY MADE
PRESIDENT SABIN'S "ANSWER"
THAT DOESN'T ANSWER.
Talk of a Large Number of Business
Men Ordering Out Their Hello
— Action To-
Night.
The Merchants' Association is about to
have a little seance with the officers of
the Pacific Telephone and Telegraph Com
pany relative to what many of the mem
bers of the commercial body believe •to
be an injustice in the matter of charging
for switches. At the meeting of the as
sociation this evening it will form no
small part of the business to be consid
ered. Several weeks ago a number of the
members made complaint to the board of
directors of the injustice of paying for a
service that is never rendered. Accord
ing to one of the merchants a subscriber
patronizing a nickel-in-the-slot telephone
calls for a certain number. The operator
at "central" directs the" customer to place
a nickel In the slot, which he does, and
then Waits. Many times he waits in vain
and when he inquires of "central" the
reason for the delay he is informed that
"the subscriber called for does not re
ply," or else he has the phonograph with
an uncanny voice turned loose upon him
with "line is busy call again."
While either may be the truth, still
the customer feels that he is neatly bun
koed out of the nickel that he has depos
ited in the slot, and the information of the
operator that he may call at the main of
fice and receive his change does not soften
his feelings or modify the cuss words that
seem to be the only relief he has in the
premises. - According to the statements of
the gentlemen the telephone company
must secure hundreds of nickels in this
manner for which no service is given. An
other little kick that was made along the
same lines is the local system of charging
for switches. In -many of ..the 'Easiern
cities the telephones are put in at a "fiat
rate"— that Is, a rental is paid for their
use and there the .expense to the sub
scriber ends. In this city a man rents a
'phone and then - pays for the use of it
at bo much per switch. In some .of the
larger houses, where the telephone is con
stantly in use, the bills are something
so large that they make the customers
feel that they are doing much toward
paying off the interest on the companies'
bonds, if there be any.
So many of * these complaints were
made at that meeting that it was decided
to refer the matter to the committee on
public affairs, with instructions to have
a conference with the officials of the tele
phone company with a view of modifying
the conditions complained 01. To this end
a letter was sent to John I. Sabin, presi
dent of the company, setting forth
.he points mentioned and asking for a
meeting between "the company's officers
and representatives of the association.
In time. an answer was received from
President Sabin in which he briefly said
"The inclosed circular, 'What Is a
Switch?' answers the complaint in your
letter under reply." The circular referred
to was a reprint clipping from an evening
paper, published three years ago over
the signature of President Sabin. It is
a dry dissertation upon the running of a
telephone office and the amount of ser
vice rendered by the company in excess
of compensation received. The mercnants
do not teem to comprehend how this cir
cular is an "answer" to their request to
meet and discuss certain matters, which
request is entirely ignored. It will not
be ignored this evening, for it is said that
even thy More conservative element of
the body is thinking of taking a decided
stand for what is regarded as rights of
the subscribers. There is even some talk
of taking out their telephones in a body
if some of the evils complained of are
not remedied in the near future.
SENSATIONAL STORY DENIED.
Gustav Kunst Not the Bearer of Sa-
moan Secret Dispatches^
The sensational story published in an
evening paper regarding Gustav Kunst is
pronounced absolutely and unqualifiedly
false by that gentleman. In the story Mr.
Kunst was made out to be a- secret emis
sary of the German Government traveling
incog and the bearer of official dispatches
from Samoa for his .home country. Ha
arrived on the steamer Rio de Janeiro
yesterday morning and was astounded
when he read the tale of his supposed
mysterious actions in the afternoon.
When seen at the hotel last evening he
indignantly denied the allegations con
tained therein. When asked to give a
statement he willingly acquiesced and
said: ,-'-:. \?. : ,
"The published account regarding my
self is certainly untrue and must have
originated in the fanciful imagination of
some reporter. I was not in any way con
nected with the affairs in Samoa. In fact,
I have not been there for three months.
I am a retired merchant of Hamburg and
went to Honolulu, where I bought an in
terest in the firm of Carter & Co.
"I, as well as the other passengers on
the Rio, did not know anything about the
Samoan trouble until we arrived here, and
I> was surprised to hear that my home in
Vaillma, which I recently purchased, had
been blown up by the British gunboats.
I made no efforts to conceal my identity
and every one on board knew me and
was acquainted to some extent with my
affairs. I am on my way to Hamburg to
put my Interests in such a shape that I
may return to Honolulu.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
a
HE LOVES TO LOOK
AT HIS LINEN
When we send it home snowy white
and perfectly laundered. It does his
heart good to contemplate it. Every
one in San Francisco concedes us the
palm for fine laundry work. We know
what people want and we see that they
get it— on time, too.
"No saw-edges." *
The United States Laundry. Office
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
CLEANSING, ' P*__
BEAUTIFYING. ' Ml
I The grandest combination on »ffjA. £^
j earth for cleansing, .purifying Y^__«^
and beautifying the skin and
complexion Is WOODBURY'S Facial Soap and
WOODBURY'S Facial Cream. No sclentitlo
truth was ever more wonderful than the results
accomplished by their use In the toilet - and
bath. Sold everywhere.
NERVITA BOSSES?
jg£§S£l ~~ — ■ AND MANHOO*D
jKgJrw'^i Cures Impotency Night Emissions and wasting;
JHh!3 fi diseases, all effects of self-abuse, or excess and
'X? \»J| indiscretion. A nerve -tonic and blood-builder.
, X» *$3r Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and re/
___ &_._ J stores the Ere of youth. By mail 500 per •
_EJfl^"^Sl box. 6 boxes for $2.50: with a writtea
Mif^S guarantee to cure or refund the money.
t*_rvlta medical Co. , Clinton « Jackson .t*., Chicago,
| Owl Drug Co.. Sole Agts., 1128 Market. 8. J".
56
FRIDAY .APRIL 14, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietory
Address Ail Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St»., S. F-
Telephone Main 1861.
EDITORIAL ROOMS SIT to SSI Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS. IB CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents. ,
Terms by Mall, Including: Postage:
pAII.T CALL, (including Sunday Call), one year... 90.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), « months 3.00
DAILY CALL Including Sunday Call), I months IJJO
DAILY CALL— By Single Month O-C
SUNDAY CALL One Year 1-50
•WEEKLY CALL. One Year -.©O
All postmasters are authorised to receive subscriptions.
Sample ooples will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE WeJllßftton Hotel
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Bnlldtn A
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S2T Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock. 387 Hayes street, open until
5:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30 I
o'clock. 615 Larktn street, open until 9:30 o'clock. '
1941 Mission street, open _tll '0 o'clock- 2291 Marked
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9.20 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second an«
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Robin Hood."
Grand Opera House "Queen's Lace Handkerchief."
Orpheum— Vaudeville. . ,
Alcazar— "Humbug."
Tlvol!— "Beautiful Golden Locks."
Chutes Zoo -ml Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olympla— Corner Mason and Ellis streets. Specialties.
Grand Opera House Sauer Recitals, Wednesday afternoon,
April 19. ->:-*
Central Park— The Steeplechase. ]
Interstate Panorama Co., Market street, near Eighth—Bat
tle of Manila Bay.
Metropolitan Temple— Moving Pictures, Monday. April 17.
El Campo— The popular bays resort. Amusements every
Sunday. "
AUCTION SALES.
By C. P. Try & Co.— This day, at 2 and 8 p. m., at 39
Geary st., Chinese and Japanese goods.
By a. W. Louderback— This day, at 10:30 a. m. and 2:30 p.
m.. at 125 Geary st.. Rugs.
THE MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION.
IN giving a review of the work accomplished by
the Merchants' Association for the past three
months the directors at the recent quarterly meet
ing were able to present a report of a highly gratify
ing nature. The report has been published in full in
the current number of the Association Review and
deserves to be read by all who take an intelligent in
terest in municipal affairs.
The association, which next month will hold its
fifth anniversary meeting, has grown from a member
ship of forty-seven public-spirited citizens who organ
ised it to an enrollment of 1052 business firms.
With its increased strength there has been an in
creased usefulness to the city, and the record of the
past justifies the assertion of the report of the di
lectors, that "with an active regiment of 2000 regular
members the strength and usefulness of the Mer
chants" Association would be doubled."
The conditions of San Francisco are such that her.
progressive citizens can count nothing done so long
_s so much remains to be done. Therefore the chief
interest in the report lies not in the review of what
has been accomplished, but in the outline of work
for the future. The directors offer an attractive pro
gramme, conspicuous in which is the suggestion of
reform in the management of the harbor and water
front. On that subject the report says: "No move
ment is of more consequence to San Francisco than
the question of maritime commerce. Every effort
thould be made to foster and encourage the shipping
interests of this port. To this end we believe that the
control and ownership of the harbor front should
revest in San Francisco, and tha 1 . ultimately all harbor
toils should be abolished."
There can be little question concerning the impor
tance of relieving the commerce of the city as far as
possible from the restrictions and burdens now placed
upon it. In these days trade is going to the ports
where the best facilities are offered for shipping. Ad
vantages of geographical location are no longer the
dominant factors in building up ocean pons. Arti
ficial improvements must be made, wise harbor regu
lations adopted, and ample wharf room afforded for
the economical loading and unloading of vessels. San
Francisco must keep up with the demands of ad
vancing civilization and competition in such matters
nr lose her prestige in the commercial world.
•The San Lorenzo congregation of the Rev. E. L.
Burnett seems to have been inspired with some rea
son when it. individually and collectively, repu
diated the announcement of the reverend gentleman
that his financial affairs had become the personal.con
cern of God. Pastor Burnett struck for a raise in
salary, and because he did not get it declared, with
some heat, that God, in anger for the indifference of
the Sock, had summarily removed two of its mem
bers from their earthly field of usefulness.
And now it is announced from Paris with a great
flourish of trumpets that a substitute for rubber has
been discovered. It is made from corn. It is really
tco bad that Paris is so far behind the times. Judging
from the amount of extract of corn San Franciscans
have been pouring down their necks, for years, it
would seem that the new substitute for rubber is noth
ing more than a chestnut.
C. P. Huntington has won another victory over the
farmers of California in delaying, for five months, the
decision of the case which was instituted to determine
whether or not grain freight rates should be reduced.
Some of these days C. P. Huntington will discover
that certain victories cost more than defeats.
Mister Joe Watkins of San Francisco tried recently
while in Seattle to twist the tail of a lion. He is in
the hospital now. painfully aware of the fact that your
Uqclc Sam is the only individual that can perform
that feat with immunity.
Mcnelek of Abyssinia should found the Grand Or
der of the Double Cross. The manner in which the
Negus has been handing that article to France and
Russia marks him easily as the grand commander of
the new institution.
Altgcld says his defeat in the mayoralty contest in
Chicago is due to the Republicans, and if his words
are true the Grand Old Party must be credited with
one more service to the country.
• - .-.v.' .
Isn't it about time that Bill Bryan and Perry Bel
mont let go on letter-writing and get down to the
amenities between the Governors of the respective
,£_roli_as?
THE GAMBLERS' REFUGE.
IT was anticipated that the Ingleside racetrack gam
, biers would not be convicted in the Police Court
without a struggle, but it was not expected that
the foundation of their campaign against decency and
good morals would be laid in the department presided
over by Judge Mogan. Ever since his appointment
by the Board of Supervisors to the office of Police
Judge this young man has displayed some of the
strength of character and decision which distinguishes
good administrators of the law. Those who have
watched his course have prophesied that he would
make a record as Police Judge which would prolong
his service in that department of the criminal law.
But if the racetrack gamblers can obtain from him
such a charge as he delivered on Wednesday in the
Jones case there is no longer any hope for him.
Evidently he is inclining strongly toward the cause
of immorality, and the mere impanelment of a jury
for the purpose of obscuring his course will not blind
the public to the fact that he has cast his lot with the
Ingleside gamblers and proposes to stand or fall with
them.
There is no excuse for the delivery of such a charge
as Judge Mogan is reported to have given the jury in
the Jones case. That culprit could hot excuse himself
by pleading that as a bookmaker he was acting for
some one else. It is no palliation of crime to assert
that one is acting by proxy. Every man is responsible
for violating the law, and whether. Jones was em
ployed by somebody or was gambling on his own
account is entirely immaterial in the premises. The
| prosecution proved that Jones made a bet on the 14th
of March for a man named Sandusky, and that should
have been enough to convict him of the offense of vio
lating the municipal ordinance.
If Judge Mogan, thinks that crimes of this sort may
be committed by proxy he is thinking in a manner
entirely at variance with the penal laws and entirely in
consonance with the contentions of the racetrack
gamblers. There is no charity, however, in assuming
that he is ignorant of the law. He has been a Police
! Court practitioner himself and he knows how juries
are "fixed" and Judges ''pulled" in that tribunal. If
the Ingleside gamblers escape through his court he
may as well abandon politics as a means of livelihood
hereafter. No man's personal or political future can
be promoted by assisting the racetrack gamblers to
re-establish their infamous resort at Ingleside. , If
Judge Mogan desires to throw himself away on this
proposition he may as well look the issue square in
the face first as last.
HOME SEEKERS IN WASHINGTON.
ACCORDING to the Seattle Post-Intelligencer
the recent effort of the railroads to bring
home-seekers from the East to that State have
already attained a high degree of success. The move
ment was started by President Hill of the Great
Northern, but the other lines terminating at Puget
Sound ports soon followed his lead. As the Post-
Intelligencer says:
"The competing roads did not like it, but they were
forced in self-preservation to meet the cut and ad
vertise for home-seekers, too. This far-sighted rail
road man, not content with bi-weekly colonist ex
cursions, soon announced another innovation, and
made his daily trains carry westward bound folks at
a still less fare,* until now the reduction to $25 from
St. Paul to Seattle is practically permanent."
While no statistics are forthcoming as to the num
ber oi persons who have availed themselves of the
cheap rates, a Minneapolis authority is quoted as es
timating that the railroads from that city will prob
ably carry 20,000 home-seekers to Washington during
the present year. While that is doubtless the exag
geration of an' oversanguine calculator, the prospects
are that the Puget Sound country is to have some
thing of an immigration boom of large proportions.
The greater number of immigrants attracted by
these low rates are not of a kind that could be profit
ably invited to California, where land values are com
paratively high. They seem to be mainly persons of
small means, but of great, hopefulness and enterprise,
who come West to find surer returns for industry
than their former homes afforded. Describing one of
the newly arrived parties the Post Intelligencer says:
"These people will end all right; they have left
the homes that have been theirs, mostly in poverty,
for the last generation or two, full of expectation, and
some of them with only money enough to take them
to some of the farm centers near here and pay for a
filing on a Government homestead. But they are full
of pluck and the stuff that ends them among the very
best citizens; they know how to farm — had to,
01 they could not have eked out even the miserable
lot that befalls the unfortunate Kansan — and with the
inspiriting certainty that a fraction of theii former
effort will give them not only comfort, but after
a while affluence, they are going to transform the now
unpopulated districts of this fertile commonwealth
into scenes of thrift and husbandry and prosperity."
. While California cannot compete with Washington
in the way of inducements to home-seeke.s with but
scant means, the immigration started in that direc
tion is likely to prove beneficial to us by influencing
well-to-do families to follow the movement, and many
of that class are certain to be attracted to California.
At any rate, whatever tends to build up and popu
late the Pacific States cannot fail to be beneficial to
us in some way, and we may therefore feel consider-'
able gratification in the good reports that come to us
, from Washington.
WHOLESALE COLONIZATION.
THE entire area of the world is estimated at fifty
two millions of square miles, of which, at the
end of last year, 22,288,153 were held in the form
of colonies and protectorates by eight European pow
ers. It is interesting to follow the evidences during
the present century of the rapidity with which the
monarchies and empires of Europe have extended
their philanthropic movements to diffuse the light of
Christian civilization and the gospel of peace.
Great Britain has always been the supreme head of
the imperial annexationists. In the eighteenth cen
tury the founders of this republic, antagonizing her
views of colonization by the Declaration of Indepen
dence and by military force, largely reduced her pos
sessions on this continent. Nevertheless, in 1800, as
the net result of a little more than two centuries of
imperial extension, she had acquired, beyond her
home area of 120,079 square miles, a moderate ad
dition to the number of 1,709,004. Eighty years after
ward she ruled 5,022.791 square miles of foreign ter
ritory. Within the last eighteen years her acquisi
tions have swelled to 9,010,003 square miles, or nearly
a fifth of the surface of the globe. !
Prior to 1880 Russia had been a competitor with
Great Britain in the expansion business, having in
creased her territory in eighty years from 1,000.000 to
6,290,327 square miles, but since 1880 she has virtually
abandoned that method of spreading imperial institu
tions, having only gained 265.381 square miles. She has
been succeeded by France and by Germany,
have, displayed great energy in their new occupation,
.but are still far in the distance. *Since 1880 France
THE SAN FKAKCISCO CALL, FEIDAY, APRIL 14, 1899.
has extended her colonial area from 680,764 to 3,617,
--327 square miles. During this same period virtually
the whole of the German colonies, now covering
1,020,070 square miles, have been gained. -.
The total foreign populations within the beneficent
rule of European imperialism number 447,296,859, of
which Great Britain has appropriated as the share of
her Empress-Queen 307,848,122. These figures pos
sess considerable significance for the average Ameri
can citizen and enable us to ascertain with some pre
cision the nature and extent of the new business in
which the advocates of cheap labor and the thirsty
aspirants for imperial glory and for the fruits of im
perial robberies are solicitous that the United States
should entraze. They also suggest the kind of compe
tition before us and the armaments that will be neces
sary to maintain our country— as a world power,
for that she is already but as a chief among world
grabbers. At the dawn of the nineteenth century
Spain possessed colonies to the comparatively
modest figure of 1,640,076 square miles, but these
have now dwindled to 405,458. Our total capital,
however, if we start in the new enterprise, though de
rived from Spain and resting on her title, will em
brace only 3670 square miles in Porto Rico and
114,326 in the Philippines, unless the mask is thrown
off with respect to Cuba, when an addition of 41,655
may be computed, or a grand total of 159,651. If we
become an imperial republic on our own hook, as
there is not much of the available surface of the
habitable globe left to steal we shall either have to
be contented with a retail business or bombard the
principles of our Declaration of Independence and of
our constitution into our European neighbors. If we
should enter into a British copartnership our contri
bution of capital would be inadequate and our in
terest in the profits so limited that we should be a
comparatively insignificant member of the firm.
On the whole it would be better for us to adhere to
our own soil, to improve and increase, our own Cau
casian population, to develop our own resources, to
hold our Government to the basis of popular sover
eignty, constitutionally regulated, and to depend upon
expansion that is inherent in liberty, law and order,
and the natural evolution of distinctive Americanism.
THE PARADOX OF IMPERIALISM.
THE American Law Review for March-April
contains two arguments — one for and the other
against the constitutional right of the United
States to acquire and hold foreign colonies. An
article on "Expansion and the Constitution," power
fully written, enforces the views of the question that
have been frequently urged by The Call, and turhs
upon a proposition, generally accepted until the false
hoods and the sophistries of imperialism were im
pressed into the service of expatriated Americans,
which it expresses in these cogent terms:
"Our instituted Government represents the sover
eignty of our nation only in regard to our foreign
relations. It is not true that it can exercise the power
of other sovereign nations unless expressly prohibited j
by our constitution; but the reverse is true, that it
can rightfully exercise only such authority "as is ex
pressly delegated by our constitution."
But an article on "Our Right to Acquire and Hold
Foreign Territories" is perhaps the most painful illus
tration yet published of the inherent wickedness of
imperialism. It flagrantly reverses a doctrine, rarely
questioned in our national history, by the assertion
that, as to external and international relations "the
Federal Government possesses every sovereign power
not expressly prohibited by the constitution." Upon
this radically untrue assumption it bases a series of I
propositions, each accompanied by citations of ad
judicated cases and each of which is made to assume
a meaning never designed by the court from which it
emanated and thus misapplied and misused to fortify
a conclusion that, two short years ago, would have
been denounced as treasonable. The writer of the
article supplies our Government with a double face,
one beaming on this continent with the beauty of i
freedom and equality and the other turned in the j
direction of the Orient with the hard and brutal ex
pression of saturated despotism. He claims that the j
United States can acquire territory in any manner
or in any place, that in such territories the Federal
constitution has no application, that they can be held,
treated, used and governed exactly as we please, that
the power of Congress over them is more absolute
than over any other national property, that within |
them the people have inalienable rights, that there
is no implication that they shall be guaranteed a re
publican form of government or that taxation and
representation shall be correlative, that their inhab
itants are not citizens and that there is no require
ment that they shall ever be converted into States.
We have now one example at least of the manu
factured premises, the monstrous perversions, the
falsifications and the shameless abuse of learning and
of the reasoning faculty, of which the extreme im
perialists are capable. Every case quoted in the article
in question strengthens the argument that furnishes
the antidote to this allopathic dose of legal prussic
acid. The ingenuities of diabolism are almost un
limited, but they are easily exposed. The Call has
published many extracts from the writings of states
men and jurists and many historical facts to prove
that the entire structure of imperialism in the United
States is "the baseless fabric of a vision." Among
the reserved precedents in our history there is one,
however, to which it is here appropriate to allude.
The ordinance of July 13, 1787, "for the government
of the territory of the United States northwest of the
river Ohio" is still extant in the Revised Statutes of
the United States. In its preliminary declaration,
'unalterable unless by common consent," its chief
object as a.s|igned was "to provide also for the estab
lishment of States and permanent government there
in and for their admission to a share in the Federal
councils on an equal footing with the original States
at as early a period as may be consistent with the
general interest." Article 5 declares that "the said ter
ritory and the States which may be formed therein
shall forever remain a part of the confederacy of the
United States," and the ultimate purpose of the com
pact is expressed in Article 6: "There shall be formed
in the said territory not less than three nor more than
five States." The five States, including Ohio, In
diana and Illinois, were formed in compliance with
this blended legislation and contract, which has been
substantially followed in the treaties and literally in
the Congressional action through which, by contigu
ous territorial accretions, the Union has been extend
ed to the Pacific.
Our .political machinery will not propel a republic
on this continent and an empire in Asia, and Uncle
Sam, while he rejoices in his American children and
in their expanding capacity for self-government, will
not borrow the juggernaut car of Great Britain to
crush liberty and independence among the Filipinos.
For the first time since the birth of the American
republic English and American guns have been fired
at a common foe. The sailors of Uncle Sam and
John Bull have fought side by side a savage enemy.
In that conflict some have died. It may be that death
may bring to the two great English-speaking nations
a reunited life and a broader fraternity. v - : ".*.r'
RANCH AND RURAL LIFE
The Russian famine, covering a region bounded by a line drawn from
Moscow to Kiev, reaching as far north as Archangel and embracing the
grain districts of Samara, Saratoff and Simbirsk. is of more interest to
America than the sympathy it excites. The vast and now unfruitful dis
trict on which tens of thousands are starving is the celebrated "black
earth" zone, formerly the seat of the highest cultivation. Its final reduction
to a desert is a calamity that forms a study for economists. This fertile
country in the heart of Russia has been destroyed by stripping off its forests.
Its fields were formerly interspersed by wide tracts of noble timber. The climate
waa mild and moist and agriculture flourished to such an extent that it was
the granary* of Russia. The forests have been destroyed and the land is no
longer fertile. It is interesting to know that this has occurred under com
munal ownership. There is no private land tenure there. The land belongs
to the village, the community, collectively. This communal ownership seems
to have rather accelerated than prevented the deforestation of the country
,and its return to desert. _ • .
This Russian lesson should not be lost on California. The charms of our
climate and scenery and the fertility of our soil depend upon the perma
nence of the forests of the Sierra Nevadas. The last Legislature failed to
make any provision looking to the protection of these forests or to provide
for the obtaining of knowledge in the matter of storing the torrential
waters which run to waste in floods. To supply this lack of legislative in
terest the "Waters and Forests Society" has appointed Professor Davidson
as Irrigation Commissioner, to mass the information as to reservoirs and the
distribution of water stored In them, and has also appointed as a Forestry
Commission Professor Hilgard of Berkeley, Professor Dudley of Stanford,
Warren Olney Esq., Hon. Abbott Kinney and George Towle. These two
commissions will co-operate, respectively, with the hydrographic division of
the Geological Survey at Washington and with the forestry division of the
Agricultural Department. They will proceed exactly as though the Legisla
ture had authorized the Governor to commission them, and will report to
. the next Legislature the action necessary for the preservation of our forests
and the conservation of water. This is an imperatively needed undertaking
and the Waters and Forests Society should have the liberal support of the
public in carrying it out. '"*.•"* •
In sheep pastures the dandelion, parsley, yarrow, buttercup, worm
wood, narrow leaved plantain and fescue are all useful food, and some of
them necessary to keep sheep in health, though most of them are regarded
as weeds.
The Maryland Agricultural College announces by authority that every
bud in that State is destroyed by frost. *
Wholesome food is necessary for a hen if you want wholesome eggs. To
the majority of people an egg is an egg, but if a hen is fed on tainted food
she will lay a tainted egg. To prove the transmission of the condition of
the food to the egg just feed a hen onions for a day or two, and you will ?et
an onion-flavored egg.
Ain't any reason in bein' proud, >
Too fine to go with the rest of the crowd; *
Ain't any reason in bein' shy,
World ain't waitin' for you to pass by;
■ .-'•''• - - _.._>.
Ain't any reason for bein' a shirk.
Clappin' for somebody else to work;
• Ain't any reason for not bein' glad.
Ain't this life the best you have had?
• Ain't any reason In bein' afraid,
Something'll happen— t all down grade;
Ain't anyreason in talkin' fast.
The little you've got to say won't last;
Ain't any reason in not lookin' up, . '
Soon as you've got to the dregs in your cup:
Ain't any reason in not forgivin',
You must keep on lovin' to keep on livln';
Ain't any reason in not bein' true.
Make a beginning and carry it through;
Ain't any reason, or joy or beauty
In doin' anything less than your duty.
—Boston Traveler.
STATE NOTES.
Major Chase of Cajon three years ago budded over 600 orange trees to
navels, and this y^tr his crop from them is 500 boxes, which we regard as
a quite remarkable return in so short a time.
The Visalia .Times says that Jasper Harrell is building four silos, each
holding 300 tons, to be filled with green alfalfa, corn or other green feed,
for use in th? dry or wet season for a dairy cow ration. If these silos
prove a success t he will build ten more next year.
Sonoma County has made April 14 arbor day, when the school children
will plant trees.
The Sonoma County hop crop for this year Is estimated at 17,000 bales,
as against 14,000 last year. t
There are 45,000 acres of olive orchards in California in bearing. '
Eastern peach growers reported last year a new pest, which they call
"little peach." The tree is not thrifty and- when the fruit is about an inch
in diameter growth ceases. Young trees recover,- but old ones die. The use
of wood ashes and stable manure on the soil is recommended. Does any
orchardist in California know of this apparently new disease?
AGAINST THE PANHANDLE SCHEME.
To the Editor of The Call: There seems to be an Idea extant that be
cause we have had some rain, and now have a fairly good outlook for a
prosperous season, we must necessarily go ahead and ornament the
city. While improvements are always in order, it is also as well to be
cautious or we may overdo something.
The golden harvest is not yet gathered, neither are the chickens count
ed, for the eggs are not yet laid.
Our city is beautiful with good natural advantages, and one of the finest
parks in the world. It is in the best location possible, warming or cool
ing the air as the season reauires. and purifying it at all times. But there
is a great deal to be done yet. For the park is still in its infancy.
To run the park downtown Into the business and residence district will
not only do the park no good, but will ruin many of the best homes in the
city. As a residence district there is none better than Oak-street hill. It
gets the sun if it shines anywhere. It is protected from the winds: the air
is pure and first-hand. The low lying fog is mostly absorbed by the
foliage of the park. - The sewerage is naturally of the best. It is conveni
entby car lines to all parts of the city and county.
The hill is as high as the dome of the City Hall, and too steep for
wheelmen to go up, hence they always go around. The same for vehicles
out for pleasure. People avoid the hill if they expect any pleasure from
a drive in the park with a fresh team. And to cut the hill down is out of
the question.
In a cut made for my house I found serpentine nigger-head bowlders
fifteen feet in circumference, impossible to blast or break. They have to
be cut out with gads and chisels, more like masses of compressed cork
screws than any ordinary rock. If any cut is made the expenses must be
enormous and a great detriment to property on both sides, for a high
bank is always dangerous, besides placing the houses on high inaccessable
eminences. This would also necessitate a complete new sewer. system for
the whole district. Another expense of which this neighborhood has had
unpleasant experiences, in the notorious Fell street sewer. Now who is
going to derive any benefit from all this destruction of useful property? I
will tell- you. ...... -.'■•-. '•■ :
First ßeal estate dealers and others who have lots for sale at increased
rates, particularly property holders in the vicinity of Oak, Van Ness. Mar
ket and Eleventh streets, and those who are fortunate with a pull and
get their property rated at a large increase over its true value, as some
have already done.
Contractors and builders and their followers.
Third— Those who will have the handling of the Phebe Hearst donation
for beautifying the city. . :''"
Fourth Those who can afford to drive out for pleasure, and less than
half a dozen drives out that way will settle it for them.
Fifth— A few who live along the line will have a pleasant nearby pri
vate garden to walk In, less than 1 per cent of the people. And what
about the 99 per cent 'who have the burden of taxes to pay.
Now, according to. careful estimates by competent men the cost will not
be less than $9,000,000 and take ten years to complete it, and many of us
whose property has been rated at about half what it has cost us. must
have the bitter cud to chew. We have spent the best part of our lives
making comfortable and permanent homes for our families. To tear up
and move and re-establish as we now are will entail no end of worry
trouble, expense, wear, tear, time and breakage.
Why do this thing when there is such crying need for better school
facilities, larger and more sewers and paved streets and cheaper lights?
Straighten the crooked and open the blind streets and avenues. Make a
park around that "magnificent ruin known as the New City Hall. Extend
Market street to the sea. Make it a boulevard, bringing the whole county
into the city; It would cost less than the Panhandle.
Stop again and think. What if some property owners seriously object
to losing their homes. What "law's delays" and great expense and trouble
for both sides. Weigh well these and numerous ideas that must come un
before the park can come downtown.
There is a park on Hayes and Steiner streets, Alamo Square by name.
It is four blocks in si:!e. and scarcely a dozen patronize it a day. Buena
Vista Park wants improving, also in the same district.
Even with plain clothing, how* much better if one is clean inside, but
how different even if covered with silks and jewels, if foul filth is below
and. inside. The same witn this tat city, it needs considerable internal
cleaning before it is covered with ornaments. Yours M. H. LOGAN. .
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
MAYORS, OF SAN FRANCISCO.- S.
A. M., City. The following is a Hsst of
those who have held the office of Mayor
in San Francisco: Prior to the consolida
tion act— W. Geary, elected May,
1850;. C. J. Brenham, May, 1851; S. ...
Harris/January. 1552; ('. J. Brenham, No- '
vember, 1552; C. K. Garrison, October,
1853: S. P. Webb, October, 1854; and
James Van Ness, July, ls.*>s. Under the
consolidation act— ln 1856, 1867. 1858 and
1869 E. W. . Burr, as president of the
Board of Supervisors, performed the
functions of Mayor, though not by that
title. In 1860 and 1861 H. P. Teschcmacher
performed the same duties, but in 1862
and 1863 he was Mayor and ex -officio
president of the Board of Supervisors.
Since then the head of the city govern
ment-has been known by the hist named
title. The Mayors since have been H. P.
Coon, 1-64 to 1867. inclusive; Frank Mc-
Coppin. 1868 and 1869; Thomas H. Selby.'
1870 and 1871; William. Alvord, 1872' and
1873; James Otis, 1874 and 1876; -A. J. Bry
ant, 1876 to 1879. Inclusive; Isaac S. Kal
lock. 1880 and 1881; Maurice C. Blake. 1883;'
Washington Bartlett. 1883 to 1886. Inclu
_iva_ Edward B- Pond. 1887 ' to IS9O. inclu
slve; George H. Sanderson. 1891 and 1892;
Levi R. Ellert. MSB and 1894; Adoiph Su
tro, 1895 and 1896; James D. Phelan, from
1897 to date. *-.•,'.•
DAVID J. HII.Lr- J. S. Jr., City. Dr.
David Jayne Hill, Assistant United States
Secretary of State, was born In Plain
field. N. J., on June 10, 1850. He was ap
pointed to that position from Rochester.
N. Y. He is exceedingly well versed in
international law. He was professor of
rhetoric in Dueknell University lof Lew
isburf. Ph., from IST? to 1579", was its
president from 1879 to ISSS, and was pres
ident of Rochester University, New
York, from that time until appointed to
the position he now hoi. is.
RECITATIONS— L. D. R., City. The
poems such as "Dying at Manila." "Mis
tan Dewey. Just Dem Philippines"
and others of that character which have
sprung up since the War with Spain have
not been Issued in book form. They have
been published in a number of .newspa
pers in the East and here, particularly
by one of the evening papers, that makes
a specialty of printing anything that has
the appearance of poetry. You may find
the pieces you want by searching the files
of the evenine papers.
AROUND THE
• " . . CORRIDORS
Sheriff T. M. Brown and Deputy J. Mc-
Gareghan of Eureka are at the Russ. ■
James Topley, a prominent druggist of
Vallejo, 18 at the Grand in company with
his wife.
■L. A. Reynolds, a mining ma V Lead
ville. Colo., is registered at the Russ with ,
his family. „
Don H. Porter, proprietor of* the Ren
yon Hotel at Salt Lake City, Utah, is a
guest at the Palace. .•■V
Mrs. J. H. Raymond and the Misses E.
J. and Thei ma Parker, ladies prominent
in Honolulu society, are guests at tne
Occidental.
John A. Gill. Pacific Coast freight agent
of the New York Central lines, will lea%
for Puget Sound Saturday in the Interest
of his roads. "^
Cole, E. T. Blackmer, grand secretary,
of the Grand Lodge of the Masonic order
in California, is registered at the Califor
nia from San Diego.
H. H. Tompkins, a banker of Denver,
Colo., and C. H. Rathbone. manager of
the Rio Grande Hotel at Seattle, are
among the arrivals at the Palace.
• Charles Maze Jr., a merchant of Mo
desto, and Loui_ L- Janes, who is con
nected with the Mill Valley and Mount
Tamalpais Railroad, are located at tne^
Lick ; ..
D. Lynch Prl ngle, former United States
Consul General at Constantinople and re
cently United States Consul at Guate
mala, is at the California on his way to
New York.
G. W. Crystal, a Vacaville orchard!,
George K. Rider, a merchant of Sacra
mento, and E. C. Smith, a rea estate
dealer of Pacific Grove, are registered at_*.
the Grand.
M. Pellet, Minister Plenipotentiary' and
Envoy Extraordinary of France to Guate- ,
mala." is a guest at the Palace. He is on
a leave of absence and will visit Paris in
company with U'.rich Odin.
Bernard Stahl, head of one of the larg
est clear Havana cigar factories in New
York who has _-een a guest at the Palace
for the past two months, left for his
home on last evening's overland. During
his stay in this city Mr. Stahl, who has
combined business with pleasure, -has
been extensively entertained by Mr. and
Mrs. Blaskower. He is largely interested
in rich mining properties at Latuya Bay,
Alaska, and may conclude to locate In this
city permanently.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK-
NEW YORK, April 13.— H. Martin and
wife of San Francisco are at the Hoffman.
_■m ■ —
DRUGGIST GATES' DEMISE.
Coroner Hill Declines to Approve tha
Verdict of Accidental Death.
An inquest was held yesterday on the
body of A. L. Gates, the druggist for the
Folsom Penitentiary, who was found dead
in the Lick House last Wednesday morn
ing. Miss Ida Kleinhaus, the fiancee of
the deceased, testified that Gates visited
her at her home last Tuesday night and
was in excellent spirits. He arranged
with her to call at her home the next
morning and take her on a trip to Sac
ramento. Not appearing at the appointed
hour she went to the Lick House to in
quire for him and was there informed
that he was dead.
A peculiar fact in connection with the
death of Gates is that he held two poli
cies of insurance, each for $5000. one a
life policy payable to his sister. Miss Al
ice Gates or San Rafael, and the other an
accident policy, payable to Ida Kleinhaus.
The jury returned a verdict to the ef
fect that "the death of Gates was due to
an accident in turning off the gas, which
caused him to be asphyxiated.
Coroner Hill declined to sign the ver
dict until after he has had an opportunity
of Investigating the case more fully, he
having been informed yesterday that.
Gates was rather eccentric and flighty at
times. The Coroner had no knowledge
at the time as to the condition of the gas
fixtures in the room in which Gates was
asphyxiated, this being a highly impor
tant point in relation to the issue as to
whether Gates committed suicide or
whether his death was accidental. In jus
tice to the insurance companies the Coro
ner will withhold his approval of the ver
dict until a thorough investigation shall
have been made.
Suicide ' Due to Whisky.
The body found floating in the bay last •
Monday has been identified as that of
Edmund Leruth, a carpenter, whose resi
dence was on Third street, West Berks-
He had been under the care of a physi
cian, being treated for alcoholism, and
had been very despondent. A Coroner's
jury yesterday returned a verdict of sui
cide. ■"■.' v_.
CaL glace fruit EOc per rb at Townsend'a*
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and 'public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). .10 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Floorwalker— Madam, May I inquire
why all this paraphernalia is spread out
right in the way of customers?
Madam (calmly)— This is my portable
table, folding chair, alcohol lamp, lunch
basket and sewing bag. I have bought a
spool of thread here, and I " thought I
might as well make myself comfortable
and improve my time while waiting for
my change.— New York Weekly.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup".
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with,
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels. and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
THE CALIFORNIA LIMITED,
Sante Fe Route.
Three times a week; 3'_ days to Chicago. 4*.
days to New York* Handsomest train and moist
complete service. Full particulars at &__ Mar
ket street.
HOTEL DEL CORONADO— Take advantag
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay. $3 per d_y. Apply at 4 New
Montgomery street, San Francisco.
"Well, how do you like your suburban _
home with all the city conveniences?'*"^
asked the cit. •■: -■•. -
"Between you and me." said the man
who had moved lately, "that promise of
all city conveniences proves to be a fake.
I have to walk two blocks to get a
drink."— lndianapolis Journal.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Children deprived of fats
and mineral foods have
weak bones, flabby flesh and
thin watery blood.
The milk of nursing
mothers, enfeebled by chron-
ic diseases, or long contin-
ued nursing, produces the
same results.
- Scott's Emulsion is cod-
liver oil partly digested and
with the hypophosphites,
forms a fat food which acts
on the infant through the
mother's milk, giving rich
blood, strong nerves* and
sound flesh an d bones to both.
— - . • • 50c. and 1 on. al* druggists - : *
SCOTT & BOWS L, Chemists. Ne» York.BOND ELECTION
TO BE POSTPONED
New Plans for the Park Pan
handle Extension.
Proposition Will Not Be Submitted to the
People Until December Engineers •
and Appraisers Selected,
THE question of voting bonds for the
extension of the park panhandle, the
building of a new City and County
Hospital, and the making of other
public improvements will not be sub
mitted to the people until near the close
of the present year. This much was de
cided on to all Intents and purposes yes
terday afternoon when the property-own
ers of the panhandle and the Mission dis
tricts met with the Street Committee of
the Board of Supervisors to discuss the
question of the proposed bond issue.
After the details of the proposition had
been discussed at length it was decided
to bo impracticable to hold the special
election next month, as was the original
intention of the Board of Supervisors. So
many objections were raised by the prop
erty-owners as to the methods that have
been pursued up to the present time,
particularly as to the initial appraise
ment of the property in the panhandle
district, that a new method, satisfactory
alike to the property-owners and the
members of the board, was agreed upon.
This Is, in brief that competent ap
praisers, satisfactory to all parties con
cerned, shall be appointed to estimate th«
value of the property necessary for the i
proposed park panhandle extension, and j
upon the estimate so obtained the amount |
of money necessary to be raised for this
improvement by bonding the city will
then be definitely known. Property-own
ers will also thus be given assurance that
their property will not be underestimated
in value. As it is at present many hold
ers of real estate feel assured that under
the preliminary appraisement made for
the beneiit of the board their property
will be practically confiscated. In addi
tion to this it has been decided to pre
pare plans, as required by law, for the
building of a City and County Hospital
and of such additional schoolhouscs a_
may be needed. Also that two competent
engineers, to be selected by the board,
will be appointed to prepare plans for a
.ewer system in those uistricts of tha
city where such improvements are need
ed, as well as for a main sewer outlet for
the Sunnyside and North Beach districts.
The engineers to be selected to perform
this work will probably bo Marsden Man
son and C. 1-. Grunsky.
All of this preliminary work will re
quire time, and it Is not thought it can
be performed in time to permit the sub
mission of the question to the voters be
fore next December, if all of the provis
ions of the law governing such elections
are complied with. .
When Chairman Aigeltinger called the
committee together yesterday after
noon there were present besides the
members of the committee and Mayor
Phelan about thirty residents of the
Mission and panhandle districts. Mayor
Phelan stated that the total appraise
ment of real estate values in the dis
trict to be embraced by the Park Pan
handle extension was $1.52.,767. The value
of the improvements on tills property was
estimated at J1.3-4.70.-.. This, he said, was
about double the assessed valuation.
Representatives of the Mission improve
ment clubs represented to the committee
that while the, were not opposed to the
Improvements contemplated by the pro
posed extension of the park panhandle
they believed the matter should not be
given precedence to needed and ncessary
expenditures for sewers and schools. It
was represented that if the Board of Su
pervisors carried out its expressed inten
tion to proceed with the calling of a spe
cial election for the park panhandle ex
tension and also for other improvements,
then thai the two questions be separated,
so as to give the people an opportunity
to decide the questions separately.
Attorney Matt Sullivan, representing
Archbishop Rlordan, protested against
the value fixed by an appraisement on a
piece of church property in the strip of
land proposed to be utilized. He said the
value of the property was $150,000, while
the appraisment fixed it at 155.000. He
thought that if other appraisements were
made on the mc basis, then the proposed
fund of $3,-00,000 would be wholly inade
quate for the purchase of the land needed
under condemnation proceedings. The
proper .nethod of procedure, he said, was
to appoint experts, make a proper and
satisfactory valuation of the property,
and then it would be definitely known
how much money was needed to purchase
the land necessary for the proposed ex
tension. ,oW-,.-. _V-
This View of the ease was also taken by
Attorney Joseph M. Rothchild, repre
senting property owners on Van Ness ave
nue. He thought that a practical and
definite valuation should be put on the
property before the people are asked to
vote a bond issue that may prove to be
Inadequate for the purchase of the prop
erty. He entered into a discussion with
Mayor Phelan on the question, and the
Mayor finally stated that he was in favor
of appointing competent appraisers so
that the Board of Supervisors would be
able to tell the people of the city exactly
what the proposed improvements will cost.
A. P. Van Duser spoke for Mission resi
dents and declared that he did not believe
the extension of the park panhandle would
be of value to the city at large and
thought it would only be of small value to
property owners Immediately on either
side of the panhandle.
J. H. Humphrey, representing the Prop
erty Owners' Protective Association of
the Panhandle District, an organization
but two days old. entered a vehement
protest against the Board of Supervisors
proceeding on the basis of the appraise
ment of property upon which the 53,500,000
estimate was based. He said that all of
the property had been underestimated in
value, and that in many instances the
value fixed on individual pieces of prop
erty was at least 50 per cent below its
market value. .'. *
Or. Logan, who owns a piece of prop
erty in the proposed panhandle district,
also protested against what he declared
to be a virtual confiscation of property
if the values fixed by the appraisement
on which the board is now proceeding
were followed.
The discussion finally resolved Itself
down to a point where all agreed that the
best interests of all parties would be
served if a new appraisement of the prop
erty were made by men satisfactory to
the property owners and the members of
the board, and that the whole matter be
postponed until such a time as the de
tails can be arranged in accordance with
law and the wishes of the people most
interested. This view of the case proved
to be satisfactory to the residents of the
Mission district, particularly so when
Mayor Phelan suggested the appointment
of Messrs. Manson and Grunsky to pro
pare plans for a sewer system where it
was needed. The- names of D. M. Gunn,
Gustave Umbsen and Mr. Harms of the
firm of Madison & Burke were suggested
* GRAPE-NUTS. .
100000000000 l
9 Brains Repaired 9
A a delicious f.od made A
V of grape sugar by . . . jT
A FOOD EXPERTS A
$ Grape-Nuts. $
6 AT CROCERS. O
ioooooooooool
as appraisers of real estate values, they
to be assisted by Edgar Briggs of the As
sessor's office. For the appraisers of im
provements the names of Robinson __
Gillispie, Maloney Bros, and S. C. Murry
were suggested. ---•
The committee will meet again this
evening at 8 o'clock and formulate a final
report to be presented to the Board of
Supervisors on Monday.
The following communication, bearing
on th.- proposed panhandle extension, has
been. received by Mayor Phelan:
SAN FRANCISCO, April 13. IS9B.
Hon. James D. Phelan— Dear Sir: The fol
lowing resolution was adopted at a meeting of
the board of directors of the San Francisco
Art Association, held April 13. ISM, that the
project of extending the panhandle of Golden
Gate Park to Van Ness avenue and Market
street and the connection between the park
and the Presidio be approved and commended
as the first great step looking to the artistic
improvement of San Francisco, giving a
worthy entrance and approach to Golden Gate
Park, which It now lacks, and which Is one of
the most urgent municipal needs. Most re
spectfully yours, .-..,,.;-' J. R. MARTIN,
Assistant Secretary.
COOPER COUNCIL ENTERTAINS.
Father Connolly Lectures on the **Es
t.-blishment of Christian Re
ligion."
Murphy's Hall in Ocean View was
crowded last night by the friends of
Cooper Council No. 310 of the Young
Men's Institute who flocked there to hear
the Rev. Father M. D. Connolly of St.
Paul's Church lecture. The subject of the
reverend father's discourse was "The Es
tablishment of the Christian Religion."
On this he dwelt at considerable length,
reviewing the early establishment of the
Christian religion from the days of the
Apostles down to the present period. The
discourse was listened to with marked
attention as the speaker passed over the
various ages during which the Catholic
church continued to build on the first
foundation laid by fathers of Christian
ity, until the present day, when the
christian religion is firmly established in
every portion of the globe.
The council for which the entertainment
•was given is known as Cooper Council of
Ocean View, and has among Its mem
bers all of the young men of that portion
of the city. The growth of the Catholic
THE CZAR AND CZARINA.
THESE two well known schooners are now nearly ready for another cruise. The Czar is going to
Mexico, and the Czarina to Bering Sea on a fishing cruise. The former vessel came here from San
Bias with sugar and cedar logs, and goes back to Mexico with general merchandise. The Czarina
is one of the regular fishing fleet and goes north after codfish every season.
church in Ocean View has been so mark- ]
ed during the past five years that Arch- !
bishop Rlordan has separated it from the ,
parish of San Mateo and has made St.
Michael's a parish in Itself. To preside
over this new parish the Rev. Father
Cooper, who has been officiating in this
city and Colma, has been appointed pas
tor of Ocean View. The people of the dis
trict, appreciating this honor, has made ;
preparations to erect a residence for their
new parish priest.
The officers of the institute, and those i
to whom is due the credit of getting up
last night's entertainment, ' are: Presi
dent, E. F. Good; first vice president,
John Sernlttie; second vice president, 11.
Singer; secretary, L. T. Brown; finan
cial secretary, M. J. Neubauer, and treas
urer. I-;. Logue. .
The committee having immediate
charge of the arrangements were Presi
dent Good, Secretary Brown and Treas
urer Logue. "-■-■_' ;< ; •
At the conclusion of Father Connolly's
lecture the audience was entertained by j
the St. Paul's quartet under the leader- !
ship of Miss A. Quinn. A violin solo by
Professor William Healy wound up the i
evening's entertainment.
. m ■
—"The American Porter"— rivals the English
Stout. Porter and 'alf and 'alf— in refreshment
and mildness. A new brew of the Anheuser- l
Busch Brewlne A_s'n. j
■ » » j
BURGLARS ON THIRD STREET
Three Rifles Taken From a Gun
Store on Sunday Night.
Burglars have again brokeniinto the
little - gun store and repair shop I of
Charles Carr at 350V_ Third street.- The ;
burglary was committed last Sunday
night and the thieves broke into the place
by prying open the rear entrance. Upon
the return of Mr. Carr he found that
they had taken away three rifles and j
would no doubt have taken more, but
were probably frightened-* way. On the
occasion of the previous entrance of the
premises the proprietor was asleep in the
rear room, the entrance- being effected by
prying open the lock of the front door. .
Carr at one time was one of the best
revolver shots on the coast, and when he
saw the thieves getting' ready to cart off
the contents of his store he opened fire
upon them through a crack in the wall.
The big 45-callber weapon he used j
alarmed the whole neighborhood and the
thieves escaped. One of the three was
seen going down the street leaning upon
the shoulder of a companion, but the po
lice never got on the track of the rascals. :
The last burglary has been reported to ;
the police. 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO C ALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 14, 1899.
SEAMRN DIE
ON VESSELS
BOUND IRE
San Joseand Charmer
Report Deaths.
DIDN'T .SAVE THE BONNET
yy -
MAN AND WOMAN FALL OVER
BOARD FROM THE MEROM.
•
Transports Arrive at Honolulu —
tain Holmes Once More in Fort.
Is Hale and Hearty as of
Yore.
The Pacific Mail Company's overdue
steamers Rio de Janeiro and San Jose ar
rived in port early yesterday morning.
The Rio came from the Orient via Hono
lulu and brought thirty cabin, sixteen
second cabin and 171 Chinese steerage
passengers. The San Jose came from
Central American ports and brought up
eight cabin and seven steerage passengers
and two Chinese in transit to Hongkong.
The Rio left -Yokohama on March 25, and
was delayed in the run to Honolulu by a
heavy northerly swell. At Honolulu she
was detained through not being able to
get to her dock on account of the trans
ports. • ':..'• ..-'.j- v
The City of Puebla, which left here on
March 24 for Manila, reached Honolulu
on March 31. The Cleveland left here
March 20 and made the run in eleven
days. The Zealandla arrived at Hono
lulu April _, making the run in seven
days. The Charles Nelson, which left
here on March 30, had not arrived at Ho
nolulu when the Rio left. '/ . v
One of the San Jose's passengers was
burled at sea in latitude 29 degrees 10 min
utes north, longitude 116 degrees 38 min
utes west. He was a German named Ga
briel C. Holtz, and he was taken aboard
from the German ship Dorothea at Aca
pulco. Holtz was suffering from heart
disease when he boarded the ship and
died from that ailment. He was coming
to San Francisco for treatment.
The San Jose brings the news that
there is some doubt about the safety of
the Pacific Mall Company's wrecked
steamer Starbuck. When the Peru left
her the Starbuck* was resting In a safe
position and the tug Isabel was to tow
her to Panama for temporary repairs.
On the way up the coast the San Jose
passed the Isabel, but she did not have
the Starbuck in tow. The supposition is
that the tug was returning to Panama
for wrecking appliances.
The Charmer once more made port yes
terday. Captain Holmes is looking hale
and hearty and shows no trace of his
sixty years of service in the mercantile
marine. The Only thing that breaks the
captain's heart la that his ship made a
long voyage. The Charmer was 151 days
from Philadelphia, and Captain Holmes
has made the voyage in her in elghtv
eight days. During the voyage B. Nich
olson, the carpenter, was taken sick.
Nothing in particular seemed to be the'
matter, but he gradually wasted away.
Everything possible was done for him
and Captain Holmes thought he would
live to reach port. On the Sth inst. Nich
olson took a turn for the worse and died
almost in sight of land. He was buried
at sea.
The Vallejo steamer Monticello is hav
ing new boilers put In and her pilot house
raised. With the house as it was the
captain was compelled to keep a man on
the lookout' on the hurricane deck aft.
The bark Merom, of the Alaska Pack
ers' fleet, palled for the canneries yester
day. . There was the usual crowd down
to see the fishermen off. A Mrs. Mc-
Gluick and Lars Larsen, carpenter of.
the bark, nearly lost their lives just be-'
fore the Merom got away. Mrs. Mc-
Gluick had been aboard bidding her
friends a final farewell, and the carpen
ter accompanied her to the gangplank
and started in to assist her ashore. The
Merom was standing high out of the wa
ter and the gangplank was very steep.
Mrs. McGluick led the way, but when
half-way down she slipped and fell. Lar
sen had hold of her hand, and the jerk
she gave caused him to lose his balance
and fall overboard. He forgot to let go
of her hand and she followed. Alongside
the Merom floated a' fender pile.
Larsen carromed against the side of; the
ship, then against the wharf and finally
landed astride the pile. Mrs.' McGluick
carromed against the wharf, , bounded
over against the side of the vessel and
landed on Larsen. Her weight caused
the pile to roll around, and both of them
went into the bay. They went down a
couple of times in their struggles, and
Mrs. McGluick's -Easter bonnet came off
and floated away on the ebb tide, much
to the disgust of Officer George Lake,
who yelled to Larsen:
"Save the bonnet! Save the bonnet!'*
"Save it yourself." said Larsen, as he
grabbed a rope thrown to him and was i
hauled on to the wharf.
A moment later • Mrs. McGluick was !
landed beside him, little the worse for her. i
ducking. She did not wait to bid Lar- j
sen good-by, , but hurried- home to i
change her clothes. The carpenter was !
bundled aboard the Merom, and in a few j
minutes the tug Sea King came along \
and towed the vessel to sea. _."■ :'
Yesterday's Bankrupts.
Petitions in insolvency were filed in the
United States Circuit Court yesterday as
follows: William Curran of Sacramento,
1505, no assets; F. R. Wilkins of Oakland.
$3.5, no assets; John S. Inglis of San
Francisco,. slo33, no assets. Capitalist Wil
liam li. Bradbury, Charles H. Mentz and
VESTRY REQUESTS
HIS RESIGNATION
Rev, H. E. Cooke, Rec
tor of Trinity Epis
copal Church,
the Victim, v
A TEAPOT tempest that until a few
days ago only simmered and siz
zled among the congregation of
Trinity Episcopal Church has now
developed into a raging storm. The
vestry of the church, of which Major
Hooper is senior warden, has requested
the resignation of Pastor Henry E.
Cooke, and many of the reverend gen
tleman's admirers have given vent to
their anger over the vestry's action by
giving up their pews. .'.•;;_'.'« '' - *
Everybody connected with the
church has been extremely reticent
about making any comments on the
unexpected action of the vestry, but
many prominent members of the con
gregation have arrayed themselves on ■ ' .* u .
"the side of the preacher and have signified their intention of attesting their
loyalty to him to the bitter end. . _.-  - ,
The exact reason for requesting the resignation of the ReV. Mr. Cooke
is withheld. In fact, the members of the vestry have gone so far as to deny
that they have requested their pastor to resign, but warm friends of tne
Rev. Mr. Cooke reluctantly admit that he has been literally forced from the
pulpit. The pastor has not as yet submitted his resignation to the vestry,
but he has already informed them that it will be forthcoming in a few
days The reverend gentleman is prepared to turn over his pulpit to his suc
cessor, who is said to be the Rev. H. S. Hanson, the present assistant rector.
When seen yesterday by a Call reporter the Rev. Mr. Cooke refused ab
solutely to say anything definite about the matter, nor was he inclined to
divulge any of" the facts that led up to the vestry's action. He expressed sin
cere sorrow that the affair was about to be given publicity, and stated that
his reason for refusing to be interviewed was that anything he might say in
connection with his resignation would reflect too much discredit upon the
When informed that many prominent members of the congregation had
already given up their pews in the church as a direct result of their pas
tor's forced resignation, the Rev. Mr. Cooke stated that he was extremely
sorry that such was the case. -£,<,'.;'
"It is purely a personal matter that has incited the vestry to request the
resignation of Mr. Cooke," said a prominent member of the congregation
when seen yesterday. "It was wholly unexpected, and has caused consid
erable feeling among certain elements In the congregation. Of course there
are two sides to every story, and this case is no exception to the general
rule There are many who commend the action of the vestry and many, who
believe that the Rev. Mr. Cooke has been unjustly dealt with. I am
not in a position to state the real reason why the resignation was re
quested It is simply a matter that affects those interested in the welfare of
the church. I understand that Mr. Cooke is prepared to accept the inev
itable, and to avoid creating any unpleasantness in the affairs of the church
he will step out gracefully."
The Trinity Episcopal Church is situated at the corner of Bush and
Cough streets and is probably the oldest and most prosperous of that de
nomination. The Rev. Mr. Cooke was appointed to the rectorship during
the month of February of last year.
Carl Muller filed a petition asking that
Mrs. T. A. Irwin be declared an involun
tary Insolvent, the act of insolvency be
ing alleged to be the giving by her of a
chattel mortgage to the Indianapolis Fur
niture Company on the furniture of the
lodging-house on the corner of Polk and
California streets, known as the .Brad-
bury. Bradbury alleges that Mrs. Irwin
owes him 1777 50 for- rent. Mentz wants
$11 95 for drugs and Muller wants $.9S 06
for meat. '•-■".■':-',
Edward Hemmelrich Identified.
The body of the man found in a base
ADVERTISEMENTS.
®+®*t® ♦ ®>® + ®+® "f® + ®+®-f® ♦ ®f®+® ♦ ®T ®T® ♦ ®*4*®+®-f®-f®-+®-f®-f®
! ARE YOU A WEAK MAN ? i
♦ y-yy *+
® : : — ®
+ » _. PJO YOU REALIZE THAT YOU ♦
® iP-^-\_l_ are not the man you should be ®
+ -*-»""" "" ■** X_-__ fi*K '^-_, '-'■• at your age? Do you find your +
® Afl ~.sj_sif__^ **!■____»-" strength failing you, exposing the ®
+ ft* V *4£^**^WJJ * £/lo'*ES§£&?" ' __) great drain that has been sap- ♦
® V_l Ji^N ___.»! _jT 'j_r p * ng the very life and ambition ®
"*" ■ '""■J?*' yffl ' *aA$& out °** y° u ' Does this knowledge .-±
__ * ~'7 /t^^^A mar your life? Then it is time for ®
♦ * ,f§BP^ you to '"" k seriously to your *_"
♦ -Mm. ' *' FsL'x health. You need such a remedy ty
® _*_Ot&M____--~ _»^_yv» as -***'-*• an d en ' Electric Belt, J
♦ rSj-fcl '-zl§7 -"^ mS^> ' from which you can absorb '. new 4.
®. nML^MII. ■ __l___^- strength and vitality. It is a ®
i '^C_j^vy_ --» - __p'^s ) K-€SSh grand remedy for any one who is 4
® weak in vitality, from whatever ®
I cause. J
I Weakness Cured in Six Weeks. |
® , DR. SANDEN— Dear Sir: Six weeks ago I received your Belt, and' lam proud to ®
4. say that it has helped me woriderfully. My back doesn't bother me, and the varicose •+
A veins are hardly noticeable. The drains have almost stopped. I am much Improved, (i)
_r\ and am glad-to say the rupture Is one-third the size *it ' was before using the Belt. V
■jr The Belt has done all you claimed for It. I remain yours truly, - '=-•-- A
® ;_*'l. :, J. \V. RICHARDS, Virginia City, Nev. ®
I DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT, !
® To men who are weak Dr. Sanden's. Electric Belt is worth its weight in N __
-T gold. It gives new life to the weak nerves and restores the most precious X
(5; element of manly power. If you are weak call and see Dr. Sanden or send V
■£ for his book. .. ••-.-. ■-=.. ■+
®.• . . ®
I READ "THREE CLASSES OF MEN." |
> This is a grand book for weak men, and all men suffering from the failure X
w .of vitality in: any organ of the body. It is full of joyous news to weak men. ®
+ It Is free. Try Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt if you are -weak. Call or address, %
I dr. m. a. Mclaughlin, send for my book, |
X- 702 Market St., cor. Kearny, S. F. "THREE CLASSES OF MEN," X
® Or 20."_ South Broadway. Los Angeles. , __ ■*, ■_.„-, —_._._- V
•±; ■ Office Hour*— B a. m. to 8:30 p. m.; Sundays, IT IS. MAILED FREE. ■*■
® 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES. ®
I*®**® + ®+® ♦ ®+<^® + ®+®*t® .*■ ®>®+^
(Photographed by Taber).
ment at the bottom of a flight of stairs
at 804 Pacific street last Wednesday morn
ing was identified at the Morgue yester
day as that of Edward Hemmelrich, a j
native of Germany, 51 years of age, who !
resided at 207 Montgomery avenue. The
deceased was a widower.
« • ■
CONVENTION CLOSES.
Delegates of the State Sunday-School
Association Return to Their
Homes — Officers Elected.
BERKELEY, April 13.— The annual con
vention of the State Sunday School Asso
ciation,' which convened in this city yes
terday, came to a close at noon to-day. It
was acknowledged by all the delegates
present to have been the most successful
convention which the association has ever
held. Reports of the different officers and
committees showed that interest in Sun
day school work is growing throughout
the State and that religious instruction
for the children in the churches Is being
put on a sounder and more systematic
basis.
This morning's session consisted chiefly
of short addresses by experienced Sunday
school teachers upon subjects connected
with their line of work. The session was
well attended, the discussions following
each paper being a special feature.
Before adjourning the association elect
ed officers for the year as follows:
President. C. M. Campbell of Sacramento:
vice president, Ell Fisher of Salinas; field
worker and secretary. Earl S. Bingham of San
Jose; assistant secretary, Mrs. J. B. Miller of
Sacramento; statistical secretary. Miss F.
Harp of Stockton; treasurer, J. Letter of San
Jose; superintendent of home department. Rev.
George E. Dye of Willows; superintendent of
normal work and member of international ex
ecutive committee, H. Morton of San Jose.
A Double Trial.
The unusual scene of two juries sitting '
at the same time in the same court, each
having in its hands the fate of a defend- I
ant, was enacted in Judge Cook's court
yesterday morning. James Cooley and
James Wright were the defendants, both j
being charged with the same offense.
When the juries had been selected Judge j
Cook instructed one jury to concentrate
its energies upon the question o- the guilt I
or innocence of Cooley, and the other was
to determine the fate of Wright, the wit- ]
nesses all testifying regarding both de
fendants. The double trial then proceed
ed. After a short time the cases were
submitted.' and in a few minutes both
juries returned into the court and found
Coolev and Wright guilty as charged. Al
though it is believed the double trial es
tablishes a precedent, there is no reason j
to doubt the legality of it.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh at., corner Mission. Salt water,
direct from ocean.
More Tan Players Caught.
IJeutenant Price and posse last night
raided the club at Washington and Du
pont streets and captured five Chinese.
Evidence to show that a tan game was in
progress at the time of the raid was also
secured.
ADVERTISEMENTS. - .
Unequaled Spring Tonic
TRY
If WPID FAMQUS] V 1 N
cm MARIAN I
_»_/_IM, fr WMM i B min—-.i i■■ i_i--_-___p_________-«----------_-_'''Ws__»*"**"*
**£L£jL MARIAN! .WINE .TONIC.
•§§2 COMBATS MALARIA, WASTING DISEASES
(__/■ Send for book of Indorsements 'and portraits of Emperors, Empress, Princes. Cardinals,
Archbishops and other distinguished personages. It is free to all who write for it.
Sold at all druggists everywhere. Avoid substitutes. Beware of imitations.
MARIANI & CO., 52 WEST 15TH STREET. NEW YORK.
|iiiiiiii__yyiiiiw-ii-iii
i 935 sold in MARCH. |
1 <fe^-K<_Y° j
M BICYCLES sj
$40
|| THOS. H. B. VARREY, Market & Iflth, S. F. 1
'Jh Open Wednesday * Saturday evenings. |
§1 will guarantee
that my Kidney Cure
-will cure 90 per cent.
_W__f^^^^^BL of a!! forma of kidney
complaint and ln
B& jPsßli many Instances the
M __83fc<*MHgs8, most serious forms of
Bright's disease. If
\ _/*M_____F the disease is com-
k-^SwS plicated send a four-
jfi&l, *___!__. ounce vial of urine.
We will analyze It
lss[^^£_WtG*i_ffi and advise you free
At all dr-gglsts, 280. a vial. Oulde to Health
-___ medical --l-.___-__i___-______--__^ Phlla.
lgAA_-b__-_M-__a_--_------_-Bs__B___---_>
_^^_-§i^l___3^^^_3 M EX/ E_T fO _5
JgjjP^-^ TIM m cYEno
?^IF ■ if^^s^ff\ Specialists for Hen
■( $w& k^Sr__r ' _§*[_» Then* _-iyn'ci_ns have -»*_
xv _i_- f^. r tgSwy'^ ruling weakness and cun-
\\ HP* 1 t \SI * r » rt * d ailments since 1851.
\_yfy I ./VMS^f^i Tn *J h» Te the largest and
.5 -• \ v!_JpB_- a 'f-^L— Kw_S^_- _, sti tntlon. and the moat ex-
<_l_ I *_$ _*' ,^S''*'^V^>3*.?^tcu_v_ j.rax-tir* in th« U. Q.
* Vo Pajr TUI Cnred -
l*y?AK I'nfortnnate men who can-
{3%ttil\. ]\\9_9_C-_-Hv 1 -' nnt cal ' l> ' >uul< ' wr,t * lot ad-
v '' cea ' u l^ r '' ,lt * ,1 " 0 ' , ' —
I ESTABLISHED 17 YEARS. „ "^^f 1 *- E^-
Thoaaands cured at borne;
' ah letters confidential. >'o Charge for Consultation.
731 SISeSrCISCO 1 Elevator Entrance.
000000000000000000
•*«•■ PALACE *"! D
%CRANDOSXMiM%
0 SAN FRANCISCO. Q
" Connected by a covered passageway. J*
O 1400 Rooms— 9oo w: h Bath Attached. *»
O All Under One Management. O
j 0 NOTE THE PRICES: ;-/..'■ O
0 EuropeanPlan.Sl.OO per day and upward O
n American Plan. f".00 per day jund upward —
I ** Correspondence Solicited. W
0 JOHN 0. EISKPATRIOK. Maa&ger. O
000000000000000000
:
fllfflr^ VITALIS
WDay. _Sa-^L <lj_U^ THE NEW
I HTtST ioti.D-y. •_- J»L_ It rill. 111111,,
1 VITALIS 20ibtij - **> •* Dcycny
j . iIODMKS THKABOVK SOth Day. Ilblfi kil I1 1
! RESULTS, it quickly A surely removes Nervousness, Impotency,
1 Nightly Emissions, Evil Dreams Wastin; Diseases and all effects
| of self-abuse or excess and indiscretion. Restores Lett Vitality,
Power and Failing Memory. Wards off Insanity and Consump-
tion. lures when all others fail. Insist on having VITALIS,
no other. Can be carried In the vest pocket. By mall #1.00
per package or six for $5.00 with a guarantee to Cure •_
Refund the Money. Circular Free, iddress
•JAI-V MKT Cl RE CO., 884 Dearborn St., Chlca-t*
Sold by Owl Drug Co., S. F. and Oakland.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisine and specific tonio
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. A rreat Restorative,
Invlgorator and Nervine. Sells on its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE, Agents,
822 Market street. S. (Send for Circular.)
lA/. X. HESS,
ITOTAHT PUBLIC AND ATTORNET-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckeis Bldg.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, 821 California at., below Powell.
Ban Francisco.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
THE STEEPLECHASE,
'Q. CENTRAL PARK, Market and Eighth Sts.
Don't fail to see CAPTAIN ADOLPH
FRKITSCII and his THIRTY-FOOT BOAT, in
which he will make a voyage around the world.
Now on exhibition daily. Grounds' open from
noon to midnight. NO EXTRA CHARGE.
TEN CENTS ADMISSION, including ride on
the "Horses," etc...
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.'
Now open every Sunday during the season.
Music, Dancing. Bowling, Boating, Fishing
and other amusements.
Refreshments at city prices. Fare, round
trip. 25c; Children, 15c; Including admission
to grounds.
THE STEAMER UKIAH
Will leave Tiburon Ferry at 10:S0 a. m., 12:10,
2 and 4 p. m. Returning, leave El Campo at
11:15 a. m.. 1, 3 and 5 p. m. - .
ERNEST HAQUETTE
Will- open his new place, the : "Palace of
Art," IS Post St., between Kearny and Mont-
gomery. Saturday, April loth, as a gentleman's
cafe. Merchants' lunch will be served from
11 a. m. to -' p. m. '
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
Beginning MONDAY, April 17. afternoons 4
o'clock, evenings 8:15 o.clock, Wonderful Mov-
ing Pictures of POPE LEO XIII. and other In-
teresting moving views, by the American Blo-
graph Co. Admission 50 cents; children 25 cents.
— ,
AMUSEMENTS.
MISS LILLIAN BURKHART
And Company, in the Refined Comedy, "Th*
Lady of the Rowan Tree."
MLLE. CLARA LARDINOIS,
Chanteuse j Lyric.
Two More Big Hits.
MARSHALL "P. WILDER
AND
KARA "THE OREAT."
JOSEPHINE GASSMAN and Her "Black
Cherubs"; HENGLER SISTERS, POLK AND
KOLLINS. and PANTZER BROS.
Reserved Seats, 25c ; ; Balcony, 10c ; Opera
Chairs, 50c.
Next ENTIRE NEW BILL.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE, 5? coe op h e°r m a.
THIS EVENING AT 8.
THE SCHJTHWELL OPERA COMPANY
LAST THREE NIGHT! OF
THE QUEEN'S LACE HANDKERCHIEF
A HIT! A PALPABLE HIT!
THIS EVKNING-Gran- FASHIONABLE NIGHT.
PRICES:
Orchestra 50c, 75c and $1 Oil
Dress Circle (Reserved) 50a
Family Circle (Reserved) 25a
Gallery (Not Reserve.) L_o
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
PRICES— ISc, 25c and 50c; nothing higher.
NEXT WEEK TT .TT "ERMINIE." '
In Preparation, "EL CAPITAN."
SPECIAL— AFTERNOON RECITALS I
SAUER
WEDNESDAY, April 19, and FRIDAY. April
21, at 3 o'clock.
PRICES FROM *1 TO $3
,;'•- KNABE PIANO USED.
The sale of seats -will begin at Kohler *
Chase's and the Box Office Saturday morning,
April 15, at 9 o'clock.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
TO-NIGHT AND SAT. MAT. AND NIGHT.
.BOSTONIANS.
Presenting the Ever Popular
ROBIN HOOD
Next Week— Last Nights BOSTONIANS.
Mon.— "Rob Roy." Tues.— "The Serenade," eta.
Summer Is Coming— So Is
..."A HOT OLD TIME"...
PRESENTED BY
THE RAYS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER NEXT WEEK.. '
SEATS NOW SELLING.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling.. Proprietor & Managee
—THIS EVENING AT B.—
THE SPECTACULAR EXTRAVAGANZA.
BEAUTIFUL
GOLDEN LOCKS
MATINEE TO-MORROW AT 2.
BRING THE CHILDREN.
NEXT WEEK— The French Vaudeville Operetta,
"THE LITTLE TROOPER."
Adapted by CLAY M. GREENE.
POPULAR PRICES, 25c and 50c.
Our Telephone Bush 9.' .
■ M- — — _l
ALCAZAR_THEATER.
THREE MORE NIGHTS AND MATINEE
TO-MORROW.
ROLAND REED'S
LAUGHING SUCCESS,
HUMBUG!
A NIGHT OF LEVITY FOR ALL WHO
ATTEND.
PRICES - - - - - ■ 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
Next Week '• A BAD LOT.
INTERSTATE PANORAMA CO.,
• Market Street near Eighth.
THE GREAT HISTORICAL PANORAMA,
BATTLE OF
MANILA
BAY
Will Open TO-MORROW
(SATURDAY) at 4 P. M.
THEREAFTER DAILY from 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.
Music by Blanchard's military band.
tfr)IERCES
__JF FAVORITE
' RESUMPTION
jML FOR WEAK WOMEN.
DR.J-MULTY.
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
_L Specialist. cure.* Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases o/ Men only. 8001, on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses o. Men, free. Over 20 experience.
Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hour.9
to S dally; 6.3o toS::» ev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call,oraddreB»
P. ItOSCOE McXIIiTY. M.D.
26 1 _ Kearny St., San Francisco. Cal.
"DT_)TTCXJI7C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
jDJri II _J _______ '". bootblacks, batb-
** . w . v houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannera.
dyers, flourmllls. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories.
■tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.. _ !i
Brush Manufacture 609 Sacrament* 31
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
New York Exchange lower.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat and Barley futures rising.
Other cereals stand the same.
Less weakness in Hay.
Bran and Middlings steadier.
Lime Beans firm.
Potatoes and Onions stronger.
Cherries going East. '"'• *.''..
Apples firm and Oranges steady.
Butter and Eggs easy.
Poultry very firm.
Dried fruit unchanged.
Previous prices for Meat. /
AUSTRALIAN GOLD.
The steamer Moana, which .eft Sydney on
the 12th, will bring up £150,000 in sovereigns,
the smallest shipment on this account since
the movement began two years ago.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. April 13. 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
° ttrß: La*t This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 31.07 31.13
Red e ß.uff-:::.::...::::: 0.00 19.89 _i.g
Sacramento 0.00 13.91 8.87
San Francisco 0.00 -3-3S <..6
Fresno 0.00 6.62 4.11.
Ban Luis Obispo 0.00 14.82 B.M
Los Angeles 0.00 4.73 6.28
San Diego 0.00 4.51 4.18
Yuma 0.00 1.34 1.C2
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
62; minimum, 48; mean. 55.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather is partly cloudy over the Pacific
.lope this evening. Light rain has fallen along
Puget Sound and over the Rocky Mountain re
gion.
The pressure has risen over the western por
tion of the country during the day. An area
of high pressure is central off the Oregon
coast. while the lowest pressure is reported
from Southern Nevada.
The temperature has risen along the coast
and fallen over the plateau and Rocky Moun
tain regions.
Conditions are favorable for fair weather in
California Friday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, April 14, 1899:
Northern California— Fair Friday; somewhat
warmer; light northwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Friday; warmer;
light north wind.
Nevada— Fair, warmer Friday.
Utah— Partly cloudy Friday.
Arizona— 'Partly cloudy Friday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday;
somewhat warmer; light northwest wind.
G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW Y£>RK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, April 13.— Local. transportation
and gas properties were advanced smartly to
day and retained about half the rise to the
end. Brooklyn Transit's strength was con
nected with Its purchases of the Kings County
elevated system. There tvere no new develop
ment to account for the rise in Manhattan and
Metropolitan. Assurances that adverse legis
lation was unlikely helDed Consolidated Gas
and Brooklyn Union Gas. Among other spe
cialties that were strong were S ugar and
Pressed Steel Car. The activity of specialties
caused the early weakness ln London to be
ignored and the Vanderbilt railways were
neglected until the afternoon, when renewed ac
tivity was at the expense of values. Some con
sidered the Samoan Incident as a bear argu
ment, but crop damage reports caused the
Grangers to be sold heavy. Important bull in
terests seemed to bid up their properties in the
afternoon, but were not heavy buyers to Judge
by appearances. The reactionary movement in
the railways cut down some advances ln special
issues. Including tobacco stocks. The selling
movement was In progress at the end, leaving
the market weak.
Call money in the late dealings ran up to the
legal figure, but later eased off to 4 per cent.
The public was Induced by the early advance
In' the specialties to take an Increased Inter
est In the market, which was reflected in the
volume of commission house business. The
more urgent demand of this character was sat
isfied fore the final hour, when there was
considerable professional realizing. The com
parative case of the monetary situation in
fluenced a return of investment orders in the
bond market, which caused an active demand
and higher prices for the gilt-edged issues.
Semi-speculative mortgages were taken for a
turn and the market was strong in many spots.
A feature of the trading was the increased
Inquiry' from out of town centers, but this de
mand was largely for middle grade securities.
Total snips, J5, 310,000.
United States threes registered and the new
fours coupon advanced %. hut the old fours reg
istered reacted % in the bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day were' 709,102
shares. Including: American Steel and Wire
12,100, American Sugar 23,200, Tobacco 4100,
American Tinplate 4400, Atchison preferred 30,
--200, Baltimore and Ohio 10.100, Brooklyn Tran
sit 16.900. Burlington 22,800. Chicago G. W. 4400,
C. C. C. and St. Louis 3000. Consolidated Gas
6100, Continental Tobacco 41,100, Continental
Tobacco preferred 3200. Federal Steel 47,700,
Federal Steel preferred 13,400. International
Paper 4100, Louisville and Nashville 6000. Metro
politan 11.400, Missouri Pacific 4100, National
Steel 18.300. New Jersey Central 2000, New York
Central 6600, Norfolk and Western preferred
18,100, Northern Pacific 38,000, Ontario and
Western 33.000, Pacific Mall 4300, Pennsylvania
6000, People's Gas 35,700, Reading first preferred
11,600, Rock Island 9500. St. Louis preferred
6200, St. Paul 17.500, Tennessee Coal and Iron
12.000, Union Pacific 6900, Union Pacific pre
ferred 5500. United States Leather preferred.
6900, Wabash 4100.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 20% ISt L & S W 12%
Do. prefd 60% Do prefd 34
Baltimore *.- Ohio. 73% St Paul 126%
Canada Pacific 86% | Do prefd _•.'',
Canada Southern.. 57% 'St P & Om 9C
Cent Pac 51% I Do prefd ICS
Ches & Ohio 27% jSo Pacific 33%
Chi & Alton 168 Bo Railway 12%
Chi B& Q 141% Do prefd 51%
Chi & E 111 72% Texas & Pac 22
Do prefd 121 jUnlon Pac 47
Chi G W 15% I Do --.'d 80
Chi Ind & L % c P D & O 12%
Do prefd *:' Wabash 8%
Chi & N W 162 Do prefd 24
Do prefd 1-3 Wheel & L E 11%
C C C & St L CO Do prefd .../.... 32
Do prefd 97 Express Companies —
Del & Hudson 117 I Adams Ex 110
Pel L W 150 American Ex ....140
Den & Rio G 22 United States .... 53
Do prefd 74"-« Wells Fargo 125
Erie new _."'-_ Miscellaneous
Do Ist prefd .... 37% A Cot Oil 36%
Ft Wayne 182 I Do prefd 92%
Gt Nor prefd 192% Amn Spirits 14%
Hocking Val 8% Do prefd 3i%
Illinois Cent 115 Am Tobacco 226%
Lake Erie & W.. 16% Do prefd 113
Do prefd 67%. C0ns Gas 195
Lake Shore 200 Com Cable Co 180
Louis & Nash .... 6,5% Col F & Iron 36
Manhattan L 124% ] Do prefd 90
Met St Ry 253% ' Gen Electric 11514,
Mich Cent 113 ,Haw Cml Co. 89
Minn & St L 61% Brooklyn R T 130
Do ls,t prefd — W |Intnl Paper 53%
Mo Pacific 61% Do prefd 82
Mobile & Ohio ... 43% Laclede. Gas 64
Mo X & T 13% Lead 34%
Do prefd 89% Do prefd 112%
N J Central 118% Nat Lin Oil 4%
N V Central 1.1% Pacific Mail ....... 51%
Is" V (hi & _ 1..... 13',. People's Gas 127%
Do Ist prefd .... 66 Pullman Pal 100
Do 2d prefd .... 32 Silver Cert CO
Nor West 18% Standard R & T. 10%
No Amer Co 10 Sugar ....lCt'%
No Pacific 52 ' Do prefd 117\_
Do prefd 7* _ T C & Iron 59%
Ontario & W 26% i* r Leather 7
Or R '& Nay pfd.. 70 | Do prefd 73%
Or Short Line.... 41% U-8 Rubber .... 51
Pac Coast Ist pfd. 85 I Do prefd 117
Do 2d prefd .... CO West Union 94%
Pittsburg ISO JAmn Steel 65%
Reading _." ' j Do prefd 98
Do Ist prefd .... 64% Fed Steel' 67%
ROW 34 ; Do prefd 86%
Do prefd 73 Pac Coast 40
Rock Island 116% Colo Southern 6%
St L& S F 11 . Do Ist prefd .... 53
Do prefd 71 Do 2d prefd .... 21%
Do 2d prefd .... 40 'Norfolk & W pfd. 67
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s reg 99% M X & T 2ds 68
V 6 Ss reg.... 107%;N V Central lsts. .ll4*
Do coup.- 108% N J Cent .gen 55... 119
U S new 4s reg... .129% -No Carolina 6s 127
Do coup 129% • Do 4s 108
U S old 4s reg 112% No Pacific lsts 119%
Do coup 113%! Do 3s 07%
U B 6s reg 113 l Do 4s ..103%
Do coup 113 iN V c & St L 45. .106%
District of C 3. 658.117 Nor & W COO 45... 93
Alabama class A. .110 | Do gen Cs 130
Do class B 110 Oregon Nay 15t5.. .111
Do class C 100 Oregon Nay .'...10?
Do Currency 100 Or S L6s 128
Atchison gen 4s 101% Or S L con 5s 111%
Do adj 4s 88% Reading gen 45.... 89%
Canada So 2ds 109% Rio G W 15t5...... 97%
L'hes ._ Ohio 4'_s... 94% St L & I M con 55. 109%
Do 5s 11. % St L& S F gen 65. 123%
C & N W con 7»...143 Ist P con 168%
C & N W S F d 55. 122 St P C & P 15t5. ...121%
Chicago Term 45... 99% | Do 5s 121%
Den & R G lsts...loS'_ Southern Ry 65....i05%
Do 4s 101% Stand R & T 65.... 89%
r. TV& <; ims I'm |Term rtew set 35... 97
Brie Gen 4s 72. ITex & Pac 15t5.... 113
FW& D C 15. 5... 53% Do 2ds 53%
Gen Electric 6s — 115 Union Pac 4s 106
G' H&S ACs 11l I' PD & G lsts... 90
Do 2ds 106 Wabash lsts 116
H & T C 5s 112 j Do 2ds 97
Do con 6s 110 West Shore 4s 114%
lowa Central lata.. 106% Wis Cent lsts 70
KC'P.Q lsts... 65 Va Centuries 84%
La new con 4s 109% Do Deferred...... 8
L & N unified 45.. .6 Colo Southern 45.. 86
MINING STOCKS.' ;,v :
chollar . 32 Ontario 6 25
Crown Point 21 Ophir 105
Con Cal & V 1 75 P1ym0uth; .......... 10
Deadwood 60 Quicksilver 2 60
Gould <_ Curry 33 1 Do prefd 800
Hale & No-cross.. 23 Sierra Nevada 100
TTnr-Mi-i * imrft-i T ■ - _. .. ..__■■! ., i... ._■■■...* __i_., l _„i I
Homestake ......... 55 01 Standard 2 30
Iron Silver 60 Union Con 48
Mexican , 58. Yellow Jacket...... 35
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Ed Elec Tel 200
Call loans 3 ®4 Atch prefd CO%
Time loans 3V"' 1 " Bonds—
Stocks— Atchison 4s 100
Atch Top & St Fe. 20% Wis Cent Is 70
! Amer Sugar 165% Mining Shares—
1 Do prefd 117% Alloue-z Mln C 0.... 10".
j Bell Tel 360 Atlantic 33*4
! Boston & Albany.. Boston & M0nt.. ..363
| Boston & Maine... 17. _ Butte & 805t0n.... 88
Boston L.... 97% Calumet & Hecla..Sls
I Chi Bur & Q 141% Centennial 42 •
I .tchburg .116 .Franklin 26%
Gen Electric 115 Old Dominion 44%
Federal Steel 67%, 05ce01a 92
Old Colony 204 iQulncy .105
Rubber 51 Tamarack 235
Union Pac 47 Wolverine ..... 46
West End 93 Parrott _, 63%
Do prefd 113% 'Adventure 13
Westingh Elec 4S Humboldt 2%
Do prefd 64 Winona 16%
Wis Cent 1% Union 7
THE MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK, April 13.— Money on call, steady
at 45! 6: .last loan, 4 per cent. Prime mercan
tile paper, 3%@3% per cent. Sterling exchange,
firm, with actual business In bankers' bills at
$4 .6V.®4 86% for demand and $4 54%,_'4 84% for
sixty days. Posted rates, $4 84%@4 85 and
$4 87®4 87%. Commercial bills. $4 83®4 83%. Sil
ver certificates 60^601.. Bar silver, 59%. Mexi
can dollars. .47%. Government bonds. Irregular.
State bonds, inactive. Railroad bonds, strong.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. April To-day's state-
I ment of the condition of the treasury shows:
| Available cash balance, 3379,999,133; gold re
serve. J244.419.053.
THE LONDON MAJUvET.
NEW YORK, April 13.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were Idle, affected by the
Samoan news and the settlement. Americans
opened at par and remained stagnant and
steady. New York began listless, but bought
later Norfolk and Western Issues, causing a
rally.. They sagged in the street. Copper
shares were dull. Tlntos were 42.
closing. 'v_i:
LONDON. April 13.— Canadian Pacific. 89%;
Union Pacific preferred 82%; .Northern Pacific
preferred, 81%; bar silver, steady, 27% d per
ounce; money, 2@2V_ per cent.
• .
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Aprfl 13— FLOUR— Receipts, 26,
--415 barrels; exports, 21,286 barrels. Firmer and
moderately acttve.
WHEAT— Receipts. 35.150 bushels. Spot, firm;
exports, 21.256 barrels. Firmer and
active.
-Receipts, 35,150 bushels. Spot, firm;
No. 2 red, 53% c. Options opened strong and ex
perienced a steady advance all day on crop
news of a most bullish character from all parts
of the wheat belt. Outside demand broadened,
foreign houses bought liberally and cables' were
higher. The local market closed strong at the
top point and 2c to 2%c above last night. May,
77>_<ij , 79'<_o, closed 79% c; July. 76 15-lß®7S%c,
closed 7S%c; September, 75%@77%c, closed 77% c.
HOPS— Quiet. •
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Steady.
METALS— A better feeling pervaded all de
partments to-day and business ln the aggre
gate was of more encouraging proportions. Not
only was the downward course of prices ar
rested as to tin. but a reaction was accom
plished.- At the close the Metal Exchange
called: -
PlGlßON— Warrants, dull and nominal, at
$10 50.
LAKE COPPER— Firm, and now at $18 50.
TlN— Firm, with $24 75 bid and $25 asked.
LEAD— Firm, with $4 32% bid and $4 37%
asked.
SPELTER— Firmer, with $6 50 bid and $6 60
asked. •
The brokers' price for lead is 34 10 and for
copper $18 50.
COFFEE — Options closed quiet, unchanged to
5 points lower. Sales 9250 bags, including:
May, Jst June, $5 10; September $5 40; Novem
ber, $5 45: January, $5 65; May, $5 75@5 SO.
Spot coffee— Rio. steady; mild, steady.
SUGAR— Raw, strong, held higher. Refined
firm but less active.
BUTTER— Receipts, 2763 packages; weak.
Western creamery, 16@21c; Elglns, 21c; factory,
ISSIEc. -V-o-.- - ■
EGGS— Receipts, 8845 packages; firm. West
ern. 13%® 14c; Southern, 13@13%c.
I CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
GGS— Receipts, SS4S packages; firm. West
14c; Southern. 13'Tjl3%c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, April 13.— circulation of crop
news of the most discouraging kind gave
wheat a strong start. The Price Current
weekly summary also had a considerable bull
influence, as It got over to the side of believers
in serious damage. Foreign buying orders for
I wheat were in the market at the beginning,
while domestic buying orders were more nu
merous than at any previous time since . crop
damage became the leading influence, and
many of these orders came from people In the
country' who had previously claimed there was
no material damage. These matters made
short sellers anxious. May wheat opened %®%c
higher at from 72%®73c, with principal sales
at 7-"» 4 anil advanced before noon to 73% c.
The market had a waiting spell ln the mid
dle of the session, during which May reacted
from 73% cto 73'ic, but the offerings were at
no time heavy and a fresh buying wave started
It up again. and a fresh buying May reached
up again. Before the close May reached
74%®74%c and closed with sellers at 74% c.
July rose from 72% cto 74% c, and was wanted
as the session ended at 74%@74%c.
Light receipts, large clearances and high
cables strengthened corn. The advance in
wheat also had considerable influence in stimu
lating speculative purchases. Eastern demand
j for cash com was good ln consequence of the
reduced rail freights. May corn closed %'a%c
higher. ; : ; -
| The demand for May options from shippers
who bought against cash sales was the main
cause of the improvement in oats. Favorable
weather and reports of seeding acted as a
drag to the July and September deliveries.
May oats closed %®%c higher.
Continued liquidation of May contracts weak
ened May provisions early. The bullishness of
wheat, however, caused some buying toward
the end and the loss was. more than recovered.
May pork closed 10c higher and lard and ribs
closed 2V_@6c higher. ■ .-;- .- ;
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 78 74% 72% 74%
July ...'. 73 74% 72% 74%
Corn No. 2— ■
May 35 35% 34% 33%
July 35% 36% 35% 36
September 36% 36% 36% 36%
Oats. No. 2—
May 26% 27 26% 27
July : 25% 25% 25% 25%
Mess Pork, per barrel • ---■•-.
May 885 9 02% 885 9 02%
July % 9 00 9 15 9 00 9 15
Lard, per 100 pounds-
May 510 5 17% 510 5 17%
July 5 22% 530 6 22% 630
September 5 37 1 . 5 42% 6 37% 6 42%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
May 460 4 67% 460 4 67%
July 4 72% 480 4 72% 480
September 485 4 92% 485 4 92%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, quiet but steady; No. 2 spring wheat.
71%®74c; No. 3 spring wheat. 67®71%c; No. 2
red, 75®76c; No. 2 corn, 35% c; No. 2 yellow,
35% c; No. 2 oats, 27%®27%c; No. 2 white. 30%®
31% c; No. 2 3 white, 29%@31c; No. 2 rye,. 55®
; No. 3 white, 29-Wlic; No. 2 rye, 55®
65% c; No. 2 barley, 39*5 47c; No. 1 flax seed,
Jl 21; new winter, $1 25; prime timothy seed,
$2 30; mess pork, per barrel, $8 95®9; lard, per
100 pounds, $5 12%®5 15; short ribs sides (loose),
$4 45© 4 80: dry salted shoulders (boxed), 4%@
4%c; short clear sides (boxed), $4 9035; whisky,
distillers' finished goods, per gallon, $1 26;
sugars, cut loaf, $5 84; granulated, $5 33. .
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 27,000 . 17,000
Wheat, bushels 36.000 < 4.000
Corn, bushels. 152.000 173.000
Oats, bushels 144.000 137,000
Rye, bushels 1,500 '....*,.
Barley, bushels' 25,000 12,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day, the Butter
market was quiet. Creameries. 14@20c; Dairies,
H%@l7%c Eggs, steady; fresh, 12% c. Cheese,
Bteady; Creameries, ll<Sl2%c.
• HEAT MOVEMENTS. i\
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis ;.. .145,500 42,120
Duluth 11,078
Milwaukee 13,300 4,200
Chicago '. " •
Toledo ....'. 13,833 10,000
I St. Louis  11.000 8,000
Detroit 10,084 5.697
Kansas City 22,500 13,500
Totals .". ......
Tidewater^- __»•
Boston 500 16,167
New York 35,150
Philadelphia 6,423 3 50-
Baltimore 10,064 .. '
New Orleans ..!*!!!
Galveston .!!!"!
Totals .. ..
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— iV-Vl I .' '.May. July.
Oppning 5 6% 5 0%
Closing 5 6% 5 6%
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— .'• April. May-Aug.
Opening ....; 42 75 43 40
Closing ........ 43 00 .... 60
Iveston .......
Totals
LIVERPOOL FUTURES,
■"heat— May. July
,*nlng 5 6% 5 G%
sing 5 6% 5 6%
PARIS FUTURES.
lour- Aur i'- May- Aug.
sing 43 00 43 60
Wheat— '
Opening ..20 85 20 90
Closing 20 95 2100
MARKET FOR CALIFORNIA RAISINS.
! NEW YORK, April 13.— The Journal of Com
merce, referring to raisins, says: At present
the situation on spot goods, both here and on
the coast. |is reported to be a very firm one.
The stock of 1898 raisins left in California' Is
reported to be comparatively small, and at the
current rate of consumption holders expect that
it will go out clean before the new crop will be
ready • for market. In . the East trade of late
has been fairly active, the • demand coming
chiefly from seeders, being j stimulated, It Is
generally reported, . quite as much by strong
reports from the coast as by the fact that for
the next few weeks the consuming demand for
THE SAN FRAKCISGO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 14, 1899.
seeded stock is expected to be brisk. 1 Stocks of
loose muscatels ln first hands here are under-,
stood to be reduced. to small proportions by. re
cent demands of seeders and general consumers,
unbranded goods being particularly well clean
ed up. ■ ...'-;.. ■ • .._-"_: ;
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET. •> *•
I ' CHICAGO. -v..*'
' CHICAGO, April There was a brisk trade
In cattle to-day from the start and prices ruled
stronger, although there was no - general ad
vance. Fancy cattle brought $5 60®5 75; choice
steers, $3 60®5 60; medium steers, $4 75®4 95;
beef steers, $3 90®4 70; I Blockers and feeders.
$3 80®6 05; cows and heifers, $3 60®4 25; bulls,
$2 Co<i_4 10; Western feeders. $4 20@5 60; Texas
steers. $3 SO® 5; calves. $3 50@6.
There was a fairly active demand for hogs,
buyers succeeding In forcing a further decline
of about 2%c. Fair to choice, $3 75®3 87V.;
heavy packers, J3 50®3 72%; mixed; $3 60®3 70;
« u ir^. r '_- $360 ® 3 , 85; lights, $3 60@3 77%; hogs,
$3 sofi 3 6_. '....?..
Owing to light receipts prices ruled stronger
for sheep and lambs. Sheep sold at J3'is
-■Westerns. $3 6005; shorn flocks. ■$4 505.4 85 :
{WSS^VP 6 90: Colorados, Jo 70@5 90; Westerns
$4 <5@5 ,5. - --', -. '
12 lelPt1 elPtS ~ Cattle ' 7000; hogs, ' 000; sheep,
LONDON WOOL TRADE.
LONDON, April 13.— Business in the wool
trade during the past week increased and
prices ruled firm at a hardening tendency. The
better nrices ' were due to further losses of
sheep In Australia owing to the drought, which
shortened the prospective supplies. Another
strengthening feature was the demand from
the Continent for merinos. Since the last auc
tion 2.00 bales have been sold, principally Aus
tralian and Cape of Good Hope and Natal
merinos at 6 per cent advance. The holding off
of sellers on account of the approaching sale
Is somewhat of a handicap to large transac
tions. ■ rf» .
A sale of sheepskins was held here to-day
and the offerings numbered 2SOO bales, all of
which were sold. There was an average at
tendance and a spirited demand at the opening
for merinos, which showed an advance of %®
%d. Combings sold %@%d and closed %d above
the March sales.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, April 13.— Consols, 110 9-16; silver,
27 7-16 d; French rentes, lOlf 92"_c; wheat car
goes off coast, buyers and sellers apart; car
goes on passage, sellers at advance 3d; Walla
Walla, 275; English country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, . April WHEAT — Firm';
wheat in Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady;
weather in England, unsettled.
COTTON— 3%d.
closing. ::.•'
WHEAT— Spot No. 1 red Northern, firm 6s
6%d. Futures, firm; May and June, 5s 6%d.
CORN— American mixed new, steady, is
6%d; American mixed old, steady, 3s 6%d. Fu
tures, steady; April, 3s 6d; May, 3s sd; July,
3s 5%d.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. April Clearings. $280,
--681; balances, $37,616. ". : i,
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., April Wheat— Walla
Walla, sS®s9c; Valley. 59@60c; Bluestem, 61c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., April Wheat— Club,
68c; Bluestem, 61c. ■ i '
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 85
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87
Sterling .Cables — 4 88
New York Exchange, sight — '10
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 12"_
Fine Silver, per ounce... — 6994
Mexican Dollars — . 48®48*i
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Ti^ feeling seems to be improving
in the leading markets. The Chicago market
Is now active, on account of crop damage and
better foreign conditions, and the foreigners
are buying freely. This has resulted ln an ad
vance there and this market has followed suit
on call, though spot prices remain the same.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 05@l 07*4; milling,
$1 10©1 12*4.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — December^
14,000 ctls. $1 1194: 14.000, $1 1194: 14,000. Jl 11%.
Second Session— December— 4ooo ctls, Jl HV4;
8000. $1 11*4 ; 14,000, Jl US- May— 6ooo, Jl 06*4 ;
4000, Jl 0694.
Regular Morning Session— December— 10,000
ctls. 1194; 10,000. 'Jl 11%; 18,000. Jl 12: 18,000,
SI 13%. May— 4ooo ctls, Jl 07; 10,000, Jl 07*4.
! Afternoon Session — December — 4000 ctls,
$1 13%; 2000, Jl 12%; 8000. Jl 1294; 12.000, $1 12%;
6000. Jl 13: 48.000, Jl 13*4; 68,000, Jl 13*4. May—
16,000. $1 0794- • •
BARLEY— Futures have started up again, but
the spot market Is unchanged.
Feed, Jl 05@1 10; Brewing, Jl 12*4@1 15 per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— Seller '99, new— 2ooo ctls,
Ss*4c; 2000, 8594 c; 6000, 85*4 c; 4000, 85% c. Decem
ber—2ooo, 89*4 c. - .
Regular Morning Session— Seller '99, new— 4ooo
ctls, S6c; 6000, 86*4 c.
Afternoon Session— '99, new— 2ooo ctls,
S7c; 18,000, 8694 c. - December— 2ooo, 91c.
OATS— Quiet and steady.
Fancy Feed, $1 42*4® 145 per ctl; good to
choice, Jl 37'4®1 40; common, Jl 32*«@1 35; Sur
prise, Jl 45ftl 50; Gray. Jl S2*4@l 37',: Milling.
Jl 40@1 42*2 per ctl; Red. Jl 45@1 50; Black. $1 30
©1 40.
CORN— The market Is dull and shows no
change whatever.
Small round Yellow, $1 25; Eastern large Yel
low. Jl 12%: White, Jl 12*4®1 17*4; mixed, Jl 06*4
(al 10 per ctl: California White, nominal.
RYE— JI 05-.1 07*6 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT—
• FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
• The China steamer took out 16,408 barrels
Flour. - r v "
FLOUR— California family extras. $4: bakers'
extra.. $3 85®3 90; Oregon and Washington,
$3® 3 65 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices ln sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour. $2 75
per 100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra
cream Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 50'*a4 75
--j Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy. $3 MM 50; Buck
j wheat Flour, $4© 4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75-
Farina, J4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, J3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), J6 55®6 95; in sacks, J6 35®6 75-
Pearl Barley, J5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 pounds.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Receipts of Hay were normal yesterday,
though there was still old stock to be worked
off, and this prevented an improvement, though
there was less demoralization. The depression
in outside Hay is shown by the Inability of
the consignee to sell a lot of 100 tons of Timo
thy which arrived a few days ago. It still
lies on the wharf and the consignee will be
lucky if he gets back the freight on It. . .
Bran and Middlings are quoted rather steadier
at unchanged prices.
BRAN— sls«_ 16 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 50®21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. J23 50®24 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, J31®31 50; Job
bing, $32©82 50; Cocoanut Cake, J24@25; Cot
tonseed Meal, J2S®3O per ton; Cornmeal, J23 50
®24 50; Cracked Corn, J24®25; Mixed Feed,
$16 'J'fiV, 60. ■<-.-■■ „.•_.,"
• CALIFORNIA Wheat, J14@15 for good
to choice and J12@13 for lower grades; Wheat
and Oat, Sll(gl4; Oat, $10@13; Barley, J9JU2-
Alfalfa, $C®7 60. r ' - ,- -
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon, Nevada, etc.)
—Wheat and Wheat and Oat, $7@9; Cheat,
J6fjß; Grass Hay, J6@S; Oat, J7@_; Clover, $6'aß;
Timothy. J6®7 per ton. %
STRAW— per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS. S-,- V i v
Unless rain comes soon prices for Llmas are
likely to go still higher. They are very firm.
Seeds continue dull.
BEANS— Bayos, Jl 75@1 85; Small Whites,
$2 1002 20; Large Whites, Jl 8001 90; Pinks,
J2 054.2 15; Reds, J3 25®3 35; Blackeye, $3 75®
3 85; Butters. $2 25®2 50; ' Llmas, J3 50®3 65;
Pea, $2 25@2 50; Red Kidneys, $2 60®2 60 per
ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 294@3c; Flax, J2 15®2 25; Canary Seed.
2'4®294c per lb; Alfalfa, BV_@9*4c; Rape, 2*4®
294 c: Hemp, 2*4®3c; Timothy. s®s*4c
DRIED PEAS— $1 66®1 70; Green, J2®
2 30 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
The firmness in ' Potatoes and Onions con
tinues and several small advances are noted.
The -Vegetable . market shows no changes
worthy of note. New Potatoes are weaker.
Receipts were 1202 boxes Asparagus, 707 boxes
Rhubarb, 145 sacks Peas and 178 sacks new Po
tatoes.
POTATOES— SI 40®1 50 per ctl for Early Rose,
Jl 35© 160 for River Burbanks; Sonoma and
Marin Burbanks, $1 40©1 60 per ctl; Oregon,
$1 1601 40 for seed and $1 50® 1 75 for large;
Sweet Potatoes. $2 60® 3 for Merced; New Pota
toes, 2®3c per lb. ■■ ->
ONIONS— 4O@SSc per ctl, outside quotation
■for Oregon. ■
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 40®75c per box
for No. 2, Jl®l 50 for No. 1 and Jl 75 for fancy;
Rhubarb, 40tfi75c per box- for the general run
and Jl tor fancy; Green Peas, . 3®6c; String
Beans, B®l2*6c\ for green and for Golden
Wax; Cabbage. J125@160; Tomatoes, $1 75®2;
Egg Plant, 10@12*4c per lb; Garlic,' 6@7c per lb;
Dried Okra, 15c per lb; Dried Peppers, 10c;
Green Peppers. ; Carrots, 25®35c per sack;
Mushrooms. s®l2*4c per lb; Hothouse Cucum
bers,. 50c® Jl 60 per dozen; Sacramento Cucum
bers, 60®60c; Summer Squash from Los -, An
geles, 12*4 c per lb. .
POULTRY AND GAME.
The firmness continues. Two cars of Eastern
sold at 14@15c for Turkeys. $7 50 for Ducks,
$7 50® 8 for Hens, $B@lo for young Roosters and
$666 60 for old do. Local stock continues
scarce. „ .. '
There is no particular change in Game.;
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, 15® 17c; live
Turkeys. 13@14c- for Gobblers and 14®15c for
Hens; Geese, per pair. $1 60®1 75; Goslings,
$2 25®2 60; Ducks, $5 f*®6 60 for old and J7®R 50
for young; Hens, $6®7; young Roosters, ■$7 50
Of; old Roosters, $5 50®6 60; Fryers, $6 50®7; !
Broilers, Js®. for : large, J3@4 60 for small ;
Pigeons, $1 50@1 75 per dozen for old. and J2@
2 25 for Squabs.
GAME— Geese, $2 50; White Geese, 50®
75c; Hare, Jl; Rabbits, $1 25 for Cottontails
and Jl for small; English Snipe, $3 per dozen.
BETTER. CHEESE AND EGGS,
Eggs, though no lower, are dull, as buyers are
waiting for the Eastern, which will begin to
come in - '"-day. The disposition is to sell,
though the Eastern market is firmer and this
may Increase the price of the Eastern Eggs.
Supplies of Butter are larger and the mar
ket Is weak, though no lower. Cheese has not
changed for a long time.
BUTTER— :-.-T~../, . >
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 16%®17%c; sec
onds, 16c. •-.-•:».%■•';" *'►"■
CHEESE— Choice mild new. ll@ll%c: old,
10®10%c; Cream Cheddar, 12@12%c; Young
America. 11%®12%c; Eastern, 11%@14c.
EGGS— Quoted at 17% c for store and 18®19c
per dozen for ranch. & .; '.• ■'";"'■ -' ■'■}
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Receipts were - 12 boxes Cherries and 37%
chests Strawberries.
Cherries are slow in coming in, as the great
bulk go East. This will be the fate of most of
the choice fruits of all kinds this year, as the
Eastern demand will probably be unusually
large, owing to the failure of the crop there.
Strawberries are steady. Apples are very
firm and ln light supply. Oranges continue to
move oft" fairly. Limes and Lemons are quiet
and in ample supply.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—"
Apples, Jl@l 25 for common, Jl 50®2 per box
for No. 1 and J2 50®3 for choice to fancy.
Strawberries, Jlo®l6 per chest for small and
Js@B for large berries.
Cherries, Jl 50 for white, for red and J2 2o
per box for black.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, J2 25®3 50
per box; Seedlings. 75c®Jl 76; Mediterranean
Sweets, Jl Co®2: Lemons, 76c®Jl 50 for common
and J2®2 50 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, J4 50@5; California Limes, 60®75c per
small box; Grape Fruit, J2®3; Bananas. Jl 50®
2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, J2®4 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS . AND RAISINS.
Mail advices from New York say of Apricots;
"No more apricots are likely to come from
France, the reported injury to the French fruit
crop causing holders there to retain what have
not already been shipped. Spot supplies are
entirely gone from first hands, and distributors,
retain very few in any position. Prices are
firm and tend upward, on all grades, but move
ment Is restricted by the prices and Is conse
quently slow."
DRIED FRUITS— 7c for 40-50' s, 6®
5V.c for 50-60' 4@4%c for 60-70's, 3%®3%0 for
70-80*8. 2%@3%c for 80-90's, 2V_<_-%c for 90-100's
and 2®2%c for 100-110' Peaches, B*_@9'.c for
good to choice, 1 10®10%c for fancy and - — - for
peeled; Apricots, 12%® 15c for Royals and
for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 9@9%c; sun
dried, 6c; Black Figs, sacks, 3 v 4c; Plums, nomi
nal. 2c for unpltted and 4%@6c for pitted;
Pears, nominal.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown, 5%c for four-crown, 4%®6c for Seedless
Sultanas. 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and Jl 20
for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2?i®3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 7c per lb; Walnuts, s@Bc
for hardshell; 10®llc for softshell; Almonds,
S@9c for hardshell, 12@13c for softshell. 14®16c
for papershell: Peanuts, 6®7c for Eastern and
4%®5c for California: Cocoanuts, J4 50®5.
HONEY— 10@llc for bright and B®9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 7%
®7%c; light amber extracted, 7c; dark. 6@5%c
per lb.
BEEWAX— 2S@27c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— 8c per lb for heavy,
B%@9c for light medium, 10>..®llc for light,
12c for extra light and 12%@13c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10',_®lle; Califor
nia Hams, 10c: Mess Beef, Jl3 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef. Jl4; Family Beef, J15®15 50; extra
prime Pork, Jl2; extra clear, J18; mess, Jl6;
Smoked Beef, lie per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 5%®5%c per lb for
compound and 7"_®7%c for pure; half barrels,
pure, 8c; 10-lb tins. B%c; 5-lb tins, B%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%®6%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb pails, 60 in a case, 9%c;
3-lb pails, 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lb palls, 12 in
a case, B%c; JO-lb pails. 6 ln a case, B%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, B%c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c: medium, 9c; light, B©B%c; Cow
hides. B"_@9c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 9 C ; Calf
10c; dry Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands
12c; dry Kip %nd Veal, 15c; dry Calf, I7c ;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 10®30c each; short
Woof, S&QpOc each; medium, 70®90c; long Wool
90c® Jl 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, Jl 75('_'' 25
for large and Jl for small; Colts, 25®50c for
small.
TALLOW, No. 1 rendered, 4%@5c per lb; No.
2, 4®4%c; refined, ; Grease, .
' WOOL— Clips— San Joaquin and
Southern, 7 months, 7®9c; year's staple, 6%@
8c; Foothill and Northern free, 10@12c; Foot
hill and Northern defective. 8®10c; Nevada,
8® lie.
Fall Wools-
Northern Mountain 6H®Sc
Southern 6®7'4c
Plains ..4@6c
HOPS— crop. 10®llc per lb for ordinary
12®12%c for good and 13®15c for choice to fancy
from first hands. ;>•,'..
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 6%c for June
and July; Wool Bags, 26@28c; San Quentln
Bags, J4 95.
Wellington, J8 per ton; New Welling
ton, J8; Southfleld Wellington, J7 50; Seattle
J6; Bryant, J6; Coos Bay, J5; Wallsend, J7 50;
Scotch. JS; Cumberland, J8 in bulk and J9 25
ln sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, Jl4;
Cannel, J8 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate,- J7 60; Coke, Jl2 per ton in bulk and Jl4
LUMBER— City of York took for Free
mantle 3638 doors, 119 rolls paper, 352,507 feet
pine lumber and 391,137, feet redwood.
SUGAR— The < Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube. Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 5%c; Powdered, 5%c; Candy
Granulated, 6%c; Dry Granulated, 6%c; Con
fectioners' A, 5%c; California A, 4%c; Mag
nolia A. 4%c; Extra C, 4%c; Golden C 4%_
--half barrels, %c more than barrels, and boxes
'_.- more; bags, 1-16 less. No order taken for
less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Previous prices rule for all descriptions.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers-
BEEF— per lb.
VEAL— Large, 7c; small, 7%®Bc per lb
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%@Bc; Ewes, 7c per lb
LAMB— Spring, 10®llc per lb. .
PORK— Hogs, 5c for small, sV_@s%c for
medium and 4%®4%c for large; stock Hogs and
Feeders, .4®4%c; dressed Hogs, 6%@7%c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
• For Thursday. April 13.
Flour, qr sks 3,088 Sugar, sks 5310
Barley, ctls 815 Hay, tons '301 '
Rye. ctls 330 Straw, tons 10
Butter, ctls - 415 Wool, bales 636 '
Cheese, ctls 269 Pelts, bdls, 201 !
Potatoes, 5k5..... 863 Wine, gals 53,100 ''
Onions, 5k5..../.. 12 Hides, no fia^
Bran. sks...i 317 Eggs, doz 22,350
Middlings, sks.... 163 Quicksilver, flks. > -15
Lime, bbls 182 Leather, r0115.... 130
Sugar, bbls 196!
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 1,121 1 Hay, tons 30
5 WASHINGTON. • '
Flour, qr sks 3,850 Oats, ctls * 340
Wheat, ctls 370 Bran, sks 115
THE STOCK MARKET.
Local securities were active on the morning
session and prices showed a number of varia
tions. Mutual Electric declined from $16 25 to
$15 75. Market-street Railway was weak -at
$62 50. Contra Costa Water advanced to $66
and Hawaiian Commercial to $93 25, '.' -V ,;,V
On the afternoon call Contra Costa Water
advanced to JG6 50 ' and Hawaiian to $94. Gas
and Electric sold down to $73 25.
Mining stocks were several cents lower and
quiet. The telegram from the pump was as
follows: "Elevator' working steadily. -Water
ln the 1750 winze is 20 feet below the sta
tion."
On the bond session of the San Francisco
Stock Exchange 15 San Francisco Gas and
Electric sold at 73*4 and 500 of United States
3 per cent bonds at 108.
The Hutchinson Plantation will pay . a divi
dend of 25c per share on the 20th inst.
The Hale and Norcross Mining Company has
levied an assessment of 10c per share, delin
quent May 15.
The California Safe Deposit and Trust Com
pany will pay a quarterly dividend of Jl 50 per
share to-morrow.
A quarterly dividend at the rate of 6 per
cent per annum is now payable by the Pacific
Surety Company. -
The usual quarterly dividend of J3 per share
by the Bank of California will be paid' on the
15th inst. • T .
The last monthly report of the Alaska-Mexi
can mine shows 12,7*2 tons of ore worked,
valued at $24,633, and 244 tons sulphurets of a
value of $9045; average of ore, $2 59; expenses,
$20,452; bullion shipment. J35.531. The Alaska-
United mine reports 13,800 tons of ore worked,
valued .at $22,952, and 255 ' tons ' of ' sulphurets,
valued at $6726;. average of ore, $2 30- expenses,
$23,150; bullion shipment. $25,000.
Meetings of the boards of directors of the
Goleta, .Montecito 4 and Sterling mining com
panies of Jordan District, Mono . County, have
been called for May 15, to . act upon a propo
sition to consolidate the property I and entire
business of ' all three companies • into a new
company to be named the Goleta Consolidated
Mining Company.- .'.",:;• _-- ; *
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE. -
THURSDAY, April 13— 2 p. m.
;*'■'-'' Bid. Ask. I • Bld.Ask.
Bonds— • Cent L & P... 7*4. 8
4s quar c0up.. 113*4114 Eqult G L Co. 794. 8
4s quar reg... — — Mutual El Co. 1594 15%
4s quar. new.. — 130 Oakland Gas.. — 49
8s quar coup. .lo7*4— Pac Gas Imp.— 78
-'Miscellaneous— Pac L C 0.;.... 4694 47 '
Cal-st Cab 68.116 — . FO'ftlE.... 73 —
Cal Elec L 125* * 127*4 San Fran...... 3*4 394
C C Wat 55.... 109*4 — Stktn Gas 6s. - —
Dup-st ex c... — — Insurance ,
E L & P 65.. 131 — Flrem's Fund. — : 227*4
F & Cl Ry 63.116- — j Bank Stocks—
Geary-st R ss. — 100 Anglo-Cal .... — 67
H C & S 5%5.102% — Bank of Cal.. 258 —
LAL Co 65.. — — Cal SD & T.. 98 —
L A Ry 55....104%105%! First Natlonl. — 225
Do'gntd 65..101 - ILon P & A... 131
Market-st 65...12S 128% Mer Exchange— 16
Do Ist M 55.116%117 Nev Nat 8k..180 ' —
NCN G R 75.107 — I Savings Banks—
N Ry Cal 65..114 — !Ger S & L.. — 1675
N Ry Cal 55..110% — : -Hum S & L.1050 1160
NPC R R 6s. — 107- ' Mutual Say.. — 41%
NPC R R 55.102_. — S F Say U.. 500 —
N Cal R R 58.103 — & L 50.... — 101
Oak Gas 65... 109 — Security S B 300 350
Dm C Ry 65..125 ' — Union T Co. — 1450
P & Cl Ry 65.. — 109 Street Railroads—
P & O 65......117 — California 112 —
Powell-st 65...— 121%! Geary 45 —
Sac El Ry 6s. — —' I Market-st .... 62% 62%
SF& N P 55.113% — Oak SL& H. — —
SF & S JVSs.H4% — Presidio .. 13 17
SierraßCal 6s. — — I Powder—
S P of Ar 6s..lll%ll2%lCalifornia .... — 190
S P C Cs (1905)110% — !E Dynamite... — 102%
SPC 6s (1906) — — i Giant Con Co. — 61%
SPC 6s (1912) — — Vigorit 2% 2%
SPCIs eg ss. 103 — i Sugar—
3PBr 6s 122% — Hana P C 0.... 16% 17
8 V Water 65.U6%116% Haw C&SC. 94 —
S V Water 45.1u4 104% Hutch S P Co. 32 32%
3 V W45(3dm).101% — j Paauhau S P. 3.% 39
Stktn Gas 65.101%102% - Miscellaneous-
Water 'Stocks— 'Al Pac A55n..109%109%
Contra Costa.. 66 66%,Ger Ld Wks.. —
Marin Co 50 — Mer Ex Assn.. 90 —
Spring Valley. — 102% Oceanic S Co.. 73% 74
Gas and Electric— 'Pac A F A.... 1% 1%
Capital Gas... — — Ipac C Bor C 0.107% —
Central G Co.. — — |Par Paint Co.. 7% —
Morning Session.
Board— '"*> '
60 Contra Costa Water 65 75
200 Contra Costa Water... 66 00
15 Giant Powder Con, cash 61 00
1 Giant Powder Con 60 50
85 Hana Plantation Co 17 00
25 Hana Plantation Co, b 10... 17 00
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 92 75
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar S3 25
60 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 93 00
100 Hutchinson S P Co 32 00
10 Market-st Railway 62 50
100 Mutual Electric Light 16 25
50 Mutual Electric Light 16 _>%
100 Mutual Electric Light; s 30.. 16 00
100 Mutual Electric Light, s 90..... 16 00
60 Mutual Electric Light.........*. 16 00
60 Mutual Electric Light 15 87%
150 Mutual Electric Light.... 15 73
220 Paauhau S P Co .* ' 38 87%
10 S F Gaslight 3 50
26 S V Water.-. 102 00
JIOOO S V 4 per cent bonds 104 25
50 Vigorit P0wder.........; 2 50
. .Street— • .-■:■'■- ■'..'■;- •*,"■■•" v ■-'".,;-"»"- '•'■
10 Giant Powder Con 6100
J15.000 Market-st Con 5 per cent b0nd5...116 50
Afternoon Session. ■
Board—
40 Alaska Packers' Association 109 50
- 150 Contra Costa Water 66 25
. 310 Contra Costa.Water 66 50
25 Contra Costa Water, b 3 66 50
20 Contra Costa Water, b 5 66 50
76 Contra Costa Water 66 37%
50 Hana Plantation Co, b 3... 17 00
15 Hana Plantation Co 16 87%
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 94 00
JSOOO Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bonds —105 25
95 Market-st Railway.... 62 60
90 Mutual Electric Light 15 75
JSOOO North Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds...llo 75
5 Pacific Gas Imp 78 00
55 S F Gas & Electric Co 73 25
105 S V Water 102 00
Street—
100 Equitable Gas 7 87%
10 Market-st Railway 62 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
.60 Mutual Electric Light 16 00
15 Hutchinson S P Co 32 00
20 Hutchinson S P Co 32 12%
10 Paauhau S P Co 38 87', _
20 S F Gas & Electric Co, 73 25
25 Market-st Railway 62 25
30 Market-st Railway 62 37%
50 Equitable Gaslight 8 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
50 S F Gas & Electric C 0....!....*. 73 00
35 Hutchinson S P Co 32 12%
23 Paauhau S P Co 38 87%
50 Mutual Electric Light 15 75
150 Equitable Gaslight 8 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday: -'-■'<_/_'-;
Morning Session.
300 Belcher 40 300 Potosl 30
400 Best & Belcher 63 50 Savage ' 33
100 Chollar 37 20" Savage 32
100 Crown Point... 24 100 Union Con. 52
100 Gould Sf Curry. 43 200 Yellow Jacket.. 40
100 Mexican 63 100 Yellow Jacket.. 41
400 Potosl 31| --'
Afternoon Session.
200 Alpha 061 700 Con Imperial... 01
100 Best & Belcher 60 300 Gould & Curry. 40
600 Bullion 03 100 Mexican 58
100 Challenge 32 400 Savage 29
100 Challenge 33 100 Sierra Nev 105
400 Chollar 32 200 Union Con 50
400 Con Cal & V...1 SO 1500 Yellow Jacket.. 38
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday
Morning Session.
200 Belcher 39 200 Ophir 115
500 Belcher 1... 3. I 500 Overman ....... 13
700 Best & Belcher 62 ; 300 Potosi 32
200 Caledonia 36 1 600 Potosi 31
300 Challenge Con. 34: 400 Savage 32
600 Chollar 35' 200 Savage 31
600 Con Cal & V...1 85 200 Sierra Nev...l 07%
60s Con Cal & V.l 87% 200 Union Con - 53
700 Con Cal & V.l 82% 200 Union Con 52
700 Gould & Curry. 41 200 Union Con 51
1100 Mexican 61 500 Utah 15
300 Ophir 1 17% 500 Yellow Jacket.. 40
Afternoon Session.
I 500 Alpha Con.. 07. 700 Mexican 61
! 1200 Belcher • 36 600 Ophir 112%
1300 Belcher .... 35j 500 Ophir 110
900 Best & Belcher 601 200 Potosl 28
200 Challenge Con. 32 1600 Potosl 26
300 Chollar 34 500 Savage 30
1200 Chollar ......... 33 f 500 Savage 29
300 Chollar 32 3100 Seg Belcher.... 03
500 Con Cal & V...1 SO 300 Sierra Nev.....l 05
200 Confidence 180 200 Sierra Nev...l 02%
700 Crown Point... 201 500 Union Con 51
600 Gould & Curry. 40 200 Union Con 49
500 Hale & Norcrs. 29 11400 Yellow Jacket.. 3S
200 Mexican 60
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, April 13—4 p. m. .
Bld.Ask., ' Bld.Ask.'
Alpha Con 05 07 Julia — 03
Alta 09 10 Justice 18 19
Andes 15 16 Kentuck 04 05
Belcher ........ 36 37 Lady Wash.... . — 02
Best & Belcher 59 61 Mexican ....... 58 59
Bullion 02 03 Occidental 33 —
Caledonia 33 34 Ophir 110 115
Chollar 30 31 Overman ....... 12' 14
Confidence ..... — 85 Potosi 26 27
Challenge Con. 30 32 Savage 27 28
Con Cal & V...1 80 IS3 Scorpion 04 —
Con Imperial... 01 02 Seg Belcher.... 03- 05
Crown Point... 20 21 Sierra Nev 100 103
' Con New York. «2 ,—Silver Hill — 04
E Sierra Nev.. 02 — Standard .......2 50 275
Eureka Con — 50 Syndicate — ' 06
Exchequer — 03'■ Union Con 50 51
Hale & Norcrs. 29 3) Utah 14 15
Gould _. Curry. 39 41 Yellow Jacket.. 37 38
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographic
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained-In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
offlce. where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building at the foot of Market street is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the' United States. Naval
Observatory. Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error. if any. Is published
in the morning papers the following day.
•-•.'■;'• s ••-'/ C. G. CALKINS,
-•»■■•. - Lieutenant. I". S. N.. In charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High . and • Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by offlclal au
thority of the Superintendent. '
NOTE The high and low waters occur at
the. city, front (Mission , street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes; later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
FRIDAY, APRIL 14.
Sun rises 5:34
Sun sets 6:45
Moon sets '...'. '. 11:31 p. m.
t) Time Time Time Time
£ Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
!»HW LW HW L.W
14 ... 1:22 6.1 8:30—0.1 3:40 4.2 8:01 2*
15 ... 2:10 6.3 9:26 0.2] 4:50 4.2 9:09 12
16... 3:05 4.S 10:22 0.51 6:00 4.3 10:34 3 2
17... 4:11 4.4111:21 0.7 l 6:59! 4.6
L W| |H W JL WJ H W "■
18 ...I 0:031 3.11 5:311 4. 1' 12:111 1.01 7-38 4g
19 ...| l:ll| 2.9| 6:44| 4.01 12:39| 1.2| 8:0S 49
NOTE— the above exposition of the tides
the early, morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time, column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. • The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the . height
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Offlce, U. S. N Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco ' Cai
April 13, 1899. ' > *''
■ The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time. _ >„ .
■ , C. G. CALKINS, .
** i' Lieutenant, U. 8. N.. In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Weeott Humboldt |Apl. 14
Wellington |Departure Bay JApl. 14
Corona San Dieeo Apl. 14
Newburg Grays Harbor Apl. la
Arcata Coos Bay Apl. 15
B. Hemster.... jCoquille River JApl. 15
Brunswick IGrays Harbor |Apl. 15
State of Ca1.... Portland lApl. 1»
Washtenaw Tacoma Apl. 15
Aloha (Point Arena Apl. 16
Orizaba INewport lApl. 18
Progreso (Seattle |Apl. 18
Pomona IHumboldt |Apl. 17
Queen IVlctorla * Pufcret Sound'Anl. 17
Crescent City... Crescent City Apl. 17
Santa Rosa San Diego Apl. 18
Coptic China and Japan Apl. 18
Columbia Portland Apl. 20
Coos Bay INewport Apl. 20
C2arina IVlctorla & Puget Sound I Apt. 20
Point Arena I Point Arena iApl. 20
North Fork IHumboldt Apl. 21
City of Para... 'Panama |Apl. 21
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. j Pier.
Coos 8ay.. .1Newp0rt. ...... ApL- 14. 9am I Pier 11
A. Blanch'dlCoos Bay Apl§l4. 5 pmlPler 13
Pomona ....I Humboldt Apl. 14. 2 pmlPler 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. I Apl. 15. 3 pmlPler 2
Corona ....[San Diego I Apl. 16. 11 ampler 11
Umatilla ..Ivie & Pgt Sd. Apl. 16. 10 aipniPler 9
Areata ..... [Coos Bay Apl. 17, 10 am ' Pier 13
Newburg ..'Grays Harbor Apl. 18. 5 pmlPler 2
State Cal... i Portland Apl. 18. 10 amlPier 24
Orizaba ....INewport Apl. 18. 9 am! Pier 11
San Jose... Panama.: lApl. 18. 12 mIPMSS
Mariposa ..'Sydney 'Apl. 19. 10 pmlPler 7
Aloha iPoint Arena. .|Apl. .19, 3 pm'Pier 2
Santa Rosa|Ban Diego..... Apl. 20, 11 amlPier 11
City Rio J..lChina&Japan!Apl. 20, 1 pmIPMSS
Queen ...... [Vie & Pgt Sd.lApl. 21. 10 ami Pier 9
Columbia ..'Portland .:..|Apl. 23. 10 ami Tier 24
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
'■; .. Thursday. April 13.
Stmr Townsend. Hughes, £0 hours from Co
quille River, via Eureka. •
Stmr Signal, Bendergard, 4 days from South
Bfnd. , "
StmV Gipsy, Leland, 22 hours from. Monterey,
etc.
Stmr Alice Blanchard. Hall, 60 hours from
Coos Bay. •_-. • -
Stmr North Fork, Bash, 23 hours from Eu
reka.
Schr Nettie Low, Low, 5 hours from Point
Reyes. —- • . .:
Schr Laura Madsen. Rasmussen, 6% days
from Grays Harbor. *
Schr Ocean Spray, Nyman, 18 hours from
Iversens Landing.
Schr Bender Brothers. Wetzel, 15 hours from
Bow-ens landing. •
Schr Mary Buhne, Weber, 30 hours from Eu
reka. »
Schr Occidental, Brandt, 25 hours from Eu
reka.
CLEARED.
i, Thursday, April 13.
Stmr Coos Bay. Shea, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Haw bark Mauna Ala, Smith, Honolulu; J
D Spreckeis & Bros Co.
Schr Volunteer, Bressem, Nlcolaefski; Par
rott & Co.
SAILED.
_ Thursday, April 13.
Stmr Columbia, Green, Astoria.
Stmr Alliance, Hardwlck. Astoria.
Stmr Fulton, Levlnson, Astoria.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson. Fort Bragg.
Br stmr Wyefleld, Cartmer, Nanaimo.
Br ship City of York, Jones, Fremantle.
Bark Sonoma, Mattson, Tacoma.
Bark Merom. Peterson, Bristol Bay. ,
Schr Laura May. Hansen, Coos Bay.
Schr Sailor Boy, Peterson. Kodiak.
Schr Corinthian, Korth, Bowens Landing.
Schr . Volunteer, Brissem, Nlcolaefski.
Schr Robert Lewers, Goodman, Honolulu.
Schr Archie and Fontle, Jensen.
Schr- Maksoutoff. Lindahl. Kodiak.
RETURNED.
_,'-.-;■'__ . -"vv: Thursday, April 13. •
Schr Sacramento, hence April 10. for Tilla
mook, returned on account of carrying away
mainstay and Jib April 12, 40 miles west of
Point Reyes.
CHARTERS.
The Inverness-shire loads lumber at Tacoma
for Sydney. 37s 6d: John D Tallant. lumber at
Port Gamble for Honolulu; Manila, lumber on
the Columbia River for Shanghai, 52s 6d..
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, April 13. 10 p Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 20 miles.
«. SPOKEN.
March 26. la 11 N, long 25 W— ship Py
thornene, from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR- April 13-Schr
Maggie C Russ. hence April 1; schr Emma
Utter, hence April 4.
Sailed April 13— Stmr Brunswick, for San
Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— April 13— Br
bark Colllngrove, from Shanghai; schr John A
Campbell, from Honolulu.
Salle- April Ship Shenandoah, for Port
Pirle.
USAL— Arrived April 13— Stmr Newsboy, hnc
April 11.
FOREIGN PORTS. '
HlLO— Sailed March 31— Bktn Archer, for San
Francisco. i
To sail April 2— Haw bark Roderick Dhu for
San Francisco.
HONOlPU— Arrived March 27— Schr Falcon,
from Kahulul.
Sailed March 31— Schr Muriel, for San Fran
cisco. .
To sail April Schr Falcon, for San Fran
cisco—
KAHULUl— Arrived April Bktn Charles F
Crocker, from Newcastle; schr Mary Dodge,
hence March 4. March 31— Schr Metha Neil
son, from Newcastle. ■ • v
Sailed' March 31— Schr Albert Meyer, for San
Francisco. - •
MAHUKONA— Arrived . April 27— Brig J D
Spreckeis, from Honolulu.
Sailed March 30— Brig J D Spreckeis, for San
Francisco.
ANTWERP— Arrived April 10— Ger bark Mar
co Polo, from Caleta Buena; Br bark Gulf
Stream, from Oregon.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived April 11— Ger ship
Christine, from Oregon.
YOKOHAMA— April 12— Stmr China,
hence March 25. ..•,.-.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed April 12— Br ship
Belford, for Hull. ,
• SYDNEY— SaiIed April 12— : stmr Moana,
for San Francisco. . V
HONOLULU— Arrived March 31— Stmr City of
Puebla. henoe March 24; schr A M Baxter,
from Everett; stmr Cleveland, hence March 20.
April I— Bktn Amelia, from Port Ludlow; bark
S C Allen, hence March 12. April 2— Bark Ed
ward May, from Newcastle, Aug. April 4 — Br
stmr Garonne, from Seattle; stmr Rio Janeiro,
from Yokohama; schr A J West, from Aber
deen. April s—Stmr5 — Stmr Zealandla. hence March
28: schr W F Jewett. from Port Gamble; Fr
schr Tahltlan, from Tahiti.
Sailed March 31— Br stmr Manauense. for
Seattle. April Jap schr Rlnsul Maru, for
French Frigate Shoals.
To sail April Stmr Cleveland, for Manila.
April Stmr City of Puebla, for Manila. April
11— Stmr Morning Star, for cruise. April 5—
Chii ship Star of Bengal, for San Francisco.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived April 13— Br ship As
pice, hence Oct 28; Br ship Wlscombe Parke,
from Oregon.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived April 13— Br ship Celtic
Monarch, from Seattle. .. ;-:."- .<•.-. •
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed April 7— Bark
Colusa, for Honolulu.
See Page 10 for Late Shipping.
BAJ_LBOAD TaAV__l,7
California
Limited
Santa fe Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 5
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES-
DAY. FRIDAY. , yyyy
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. the
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at 1 :30 P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday. ,".''-;*
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Electrio
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is in Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
Ul FRANCISCO .TICKEOfFICE— S.I MARKET SI.
TELEPHONE MAIN ISSL
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway. ... : : '.
Sacramento Offioe— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Olara Sk
BUY aTaRM FOR SILVER
; AND BELL THE PRODUCTS FOR
GOLD.
TOU CAN DO IT IN
mExico,
RAISING COFFEE, ORANGES. BANANAS
- AND CATTLE.
THE MEXICAN CENTRAL STAND-
ARD GAUGE RAILWAY
' Reaches all the Important points in the Re-
public.
Excursion tickets, limited nine months from
date of sale, may be purchased at any rail-
road ticket office. '■•... -:"-»-
Address the undersigned for descriptive mat-
ter, including •'Facts and Figures About Mex-
ico," mailed free. •*
< , C. E. MINER,
General Western Agent, room 209 Houser build-
ing, St. Louis, Mo.
W. D. MURDOCK,
Asst. Gen'l Pass. Agt., City of Mexico.
BAILBOA-U TBAVEL.
SOUTH KKN I'ACIFIC COMKAIKT.
(PACIFIC sySTKM.)
-Trains l«nvr »«n«l «•'«• ««••• in »•*«•-»• at
.-«*_. riiAWUis«:o.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
lbavk - From A.r.iL9, 1899. - arrit-
•CiOOa Niks. San Jose and Way Stations... '*■_%_
7:OOa Kenicia, Suiaun »nd Sacramento.... J»«_*»P
7jOOa MorysTille, OroiiUeand Redding »i» _____
Woodland .-• »'*»'
7:OOa. Elmira, Vacaville and Rumsey.. . . . . Bi+or
Martinei, San Ramon, Naps, ._
Callatoea and Santa Rosa ....... •{»»'
8:00 a AUanticK_pre»s,Ogilenand ICast.. »«**»f
S.UOa San .lose, Livermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento. Placerrille, • _
Mar-stille. Chlco, ItedJH.ilt _»«»£
8:_0a •Mlllon, Oakdale and H0n0r5....... '•«» 0 P
- 9:OOa Marline-. Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton, _
Merced and Fresno ..".. ******
HiOOa Fr«aiio, Hakeralield. Santa Karhara,
Los Angeles, Demiog, El Paso, ■■ _
New Orleans and ........... •'*"*'
1 0:OOa Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7.-OP
I2:OOm Niles, LiTermore, Stockton. Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Visalia,
Pcrterrille - ••• .Vlll
•l:OOp Sacramento Hirer Steamers.... ..... »:«"»P
_:OOr Maitliiez, San Kaiiioii, Vallejo.
Napa Calistoga, Santa Itosa »il»a
4>oor Benicia, Vacarille, Sacramento,
■» Woodland, Knights Landing.
Marysville, 0r0ri11e..... ■•*"■•*
4:»0p Nlles, San Jose and Stockton "•.••• -VI __
4:30p Yosemite Sleeping Car for Raymond I*.IJ»P
s:OOpTheOwl. Fresno. Bakersheld. San-
ta Barbara, Los Ange1e5.. ........ ».«*»*
«Jssoop Pacific Coast Limited. El Faso,
Fort Worth, Little Rock. St.
Louis." Chicago and East ;».,,-
-.l:BSp Stockton, Merced. Fresno..... -_.-»P
0:80P Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno. _
Mojare and lam Angelea »i_OA
SiSOp Santa Va Route. Atlantic Express
'•.' :-:-.. for Mojavo and ......... •■• •____'
0:0O|- European Mail, Ogde" and East.... » : *2 A
6:OOp Haywards, Niles and San Jose ,2,2*
|«:OOf Viilloj ■■■•■•. Uil»»r
7tOOi- Oregon Sacramento, Marys-
:. ■•: -,.i ville. .tedding. Portland. Puget
Hound East _........ 7:4.1-.
1S:OOp Vallejo. Port Coata and Way Sta-
* tions •• ....ll*!***
tlO:03p Suuaet Limited. Fresno, Los
Angeles, El Paao, New Orleans
and East tl:*3T
SAN I.EANM-O AND HAYWARDS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
' "I Melrose. Seminarr Park, ( 6:_Sa
8:00 a Wteli__r» f Klmliurat, r;9:iSA
<»>:OOA San Leandro. South San f»:4SA
lO.ooa Leandro. Estsdlllo, ! i? A
-11:OOa • Lorenzo, ClierrT ' : .!_t
,8:« Op and «*:«'
8:OOp Haywards. ,„;___
7:00p i Runs through to Nile*. 7:43p
) t From Nlles. V.
COAST DIVISION (Narrow Wauge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
17:43 a Santo Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations JS:©-*
8: 1 3 a Newark. San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek.SantaOruz and Way
Stations : -•••• »«»•?
•9:1 Newark, Centerrille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek.
Santa Crux and Principal Way »
Stations •••• •■•:»•*.
4:18p San Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta- - .
ttons _........ 9-SOA
64t15p Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta- ___„„_
tions '. /»t»OA
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIN FRANCISCO— root of Market StrMt (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. tl:00 *3:00 13:01
•1:00 tB:00 ♦8:00 p.m.
rrsmOllUllß— r-alafßrot-wa}-.— 8:00 10:00_.«.
U2:00 *1:0Q ta:00 "3:00 tl-00 # B:03f-M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Usage).
(Third and Townsend Sty.) < _.
♦«: lOa South Ban Francisco ,■ • . •0:3«p
•7:OOa Han Jose and Way Stations (New •
Almaden Wednesdays only) «*»•»
17:80 a Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz. Pacific Grore and .__,-__'.
Principal Way Stations JS:33_>
9.00 a San Jose, Tree Pinos. Santa Cruz,
Pacilic GroTe, Paao Rubles, San
Luis Obispo, Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations _ s, * r
10:40* San Jose and Way Stations «8:«©A
I1:30a Ban Jose and Way Stations 3.30p
•9:-3rSan Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San .Tone,
Gilroy, Holllster, Santa Cruz,
Salinas. Monterey and Pacilic
Grove.! MO:3«A
♦»:ao. San Joae and Way Stations •»:00*
• _:15p San Jose ami Principal Way Stations J»:43»
*3:O0p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 8:30 a
5:30r San Jose and Principal Way Stations •S:3.**A
6:30 v San Jose aud Way Stations 7:30p
'll:-.**_ San Jose and Way Stations 7:3Qp
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• excepted. t Sunday only, i Saturdays only.
.Mondays only. - bSatnrday and day.
J Sunday and Monday. ■'„ .
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CG.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIO
RAILWAY COMPANY. : ■:''.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
. SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
8:30, 6:10, 6:SO p. m. Thursdays— Extra trio
at 11:30 p. m. , Saturdays— trips at _._4
and 11:30 p. m.
BUNDAYS— 3:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a m.: 1:80, 3:30^
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; __:«.
8:40, 8:10 p. m. Saturdays Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m. ■''.
pUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 8:40.
8:00. 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Bchuetzen Park
lame schedule as above.
_— — —^. ■ — — ■ — — > 4
Leave Arrive
6an Francisco. ' In Effect San Francisco.
. October 16, ■ -
Week I Sun- IS9S. Sun- i Week •
Days. Days. Destination, days. I days.
• 1
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am ; Petaluma 6:10 pm 10:25 am
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa, 7:35 pra 6:22 prn
Fulton,
T:SO am Windsor, 10:35 am
Healdsburg.
Lytton.
Geyservllle,
>:80pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:23 pis
Hopland and
T:3O am Ukiah. 7:33 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 10:25 aim
8:00 am QurneT'-llle. 7:35 pm .
8:80 pm '.:"■*, • I 6:23 pm
7:30 am 8:00 ana Sonoma 10:40 an^' 8.40 am
and '
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pm '
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am! 10:25 am
8:30 pml 6:00 pmi 7:35 pm| 6:22 pra
r-— — 4
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Bprlngs; at Lytton for Lytton Spring-; at GeyJ
servllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale fO-|
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelsewille. Carlsbad
Springs. Soda 'Bay, Lakeport and BartleU
Bprlngs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Bprlngs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Wltte?
Bprlngs, Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley-
John Day's. Riverside, Llerley's, Buckneii's.
Banhedrln Heights. HullvUle, Booneville, Orr'»
Hot Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
Westport. Usal. WUlltts. Laytonville, Cum.,
mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Bcotla and Eureka.
- Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates. '
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
| beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market st.. Chronicle bldg.
I H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN. '
General Manager. . Gen. Pass Agent."
1 NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry. ' -? t
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLBI
AND SAN RAFAEL.
_ WEEK DAYS— ♦7:2O. »9:30. 11:00 a. m.; ♦Ltt,
«:45. 6:15, .>:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mon-
days. Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS - •s.-00. ♦10:00. m.-O a. m. «l:liL
8:00. »4:30. 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS - 6:25. «_:35. 7:45. ♦a.SO a. m.:
•12:20. 2:20. «3:45. 5:05 p. m. .
EXTRA TRIPS on . Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS - 6:20. •SW. .10:00. "11:56 a. m.:
♦1:15, »3:10. 4:40. '6:20 p. m. •.*.-.-_
Trains marked ♦ start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN . FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:45. 7:55. 9:40 a. m.;
12:35. 2:45. 3:50. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS an Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:05 a. m. : 12:05. 1:20. 3:38.
t:00. 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS. '. /
7:20 a. m. week days Cazadero and way sta'ns. ■
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Mills and way
stations. • *'
1:00 a-m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta'a.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
V VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 28, 1599. trains will run as follows!
_ South-bound. I North-bound.
Pasaen- | Mixed. Mixed Pa_ae_T
ger. I Sunday Stations, Sunday |^
_ Dahy. E^c'Ptd ________ Exc'ptd Daily.
j 7:20 am 1 . : « &m Stockton 3:45 pra Too^m
iS:m US _« pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 p3
_?:__. = $_» pni Fresno 9:80 am 2:42 pS
11.88 am 7:43 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1.45 pnj
i?:?« ?SJ 1 ; : :2 am B^e«fleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
«.,? * m : ill ? m ' v «»alla 8:40 am 1:22 pm
11.15 pm| 6:53 pm Tulare I 5:50 ami 1:06 pm
Stopping at intermediate points as required. '
.F-or particulars of stage and other connection*
inquire at frame Manager's Office, 321 Ma'rkel
— -eet__£__a Francisco. . • '
* MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sauaallto Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sundaju
•ept. 11, 1898. ■•.•>.,> -W--.*
• : Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— 10:00. 11:80 ft. m., 1:15 p. m. 'S
Round trip from Mill Valley, $1. " N
THOS. COOK ,_ SON. Agent*. tU H-Utal
'*re_t. Ban Francisco. -WORDS OF WISDOM
FOR THE TEACHERS
Professor Cubberly Talks on
Educational Problems.
State Superintendent Kirk Warns Peda
gogues to Keep Up With the Times.
Institute Closes To-Day.
PESSOR FT.T.WOOp P. r_TJB
BERLY of Leland Stanford Univer
sity delivered the principal address
at the r-ond day's session of the
Teachers' Institute, his subject being,
"Some Underlying Meanings of Educa
tion," and his remarks fell upon appre
ciative ears. The other speakers were
State Superintendent of Public Instruc
tion T. .'. Kirk and Professor J. Liberty
Xad I ot Philadelphia!
:• auditorium of Mission High School
presented a brilliant scene yesterday
morning. The teachers were out in force
attired in their best bib and tucker.
Some of the exhibits of the milliner's art
were wonderful creations, and for a time
the counter attraction threatened to seri
ously interfere with the object of th con
vention. But attract headgear rid all
other adornments of a personal character
were forgotten as soon as the daj 's pro
gramme was fairly begun and the teach
ers devoted themselves henceforth en
tirely to the business before them.
The session opened with chorus singing
by pupils from the ninth grade of the
Denman Grammar School under the di
rection of A. 1.. Mann, followed by a so
prano solo by Mrs. M. E. Blanchard. Pro
fessor Cubberly was then introduced. He
thought the teachers of San Franoisoo
should he congratulated on the progres
sive spirit they had shown in the face of
so many obstacles with which they have
had to contend in this city. He compared
the methods of teaching in vogue in an
cient times with the modern, system of
impart lng knowledge to the young and
dwelt upon the wonderful progress that
has been mad. in this respect during the
•last twenty years. In this connection he
said:
"Rabelais and Montaigne after him,
both famous in their day, protested
ug.-in.-t the parrot-like method of mem
orizing the classics, which was called edu
cation 350 years ago. 'me improvement
in educational methods since that time
• has bee:* tremendous, but there are still
trace-.' of the old scholastic methods re
and they must be wholly elimi
::r.g to the qualifications neces
possessed by a thoroughly good
:■ r he said:
..What the people demand is one who
I a his whole he.art in his work.
The teacher who performs his or her work
in a manner to satisfy the conscience and
:. • merely to draw a salary is the one
that deserves promotion. One' of the
things that distinguishes a good teacher
:: tn a bad one is the faculty of giving
pupils mental power instead of fact the
faculty of imparting the underlying
meaning of education." Continuing, the
professor said, in part: "It is but re
. *:ily— within the last twenty years—
t .; the deeper meaning of education has
been realized In practice. Within the last
6Core of years manual 'raining has been
_:• :erally introduced in the schools,- and
everything else is now subordinated to
training and development of the child
...- an individual. One of the most, valu
_:'olc.les-ions taught in the schools is the
training of our young men to overcome
difficulties. The energy and perseverance
acquired in school will enable a boy. or
girl to go much further in solving the
problems of life than if they never ac
quired them. The training in learning to
succeed in Euccess is of far more im
portance to the pupil than the acquisition
of specific knowledge in Latin, algebra
or history. If children learn this lesson
of success well, even though they learn
nothing else, their years in school will
have been well spent. The man or woman
is stimulated to fresh endeavor by. the
knowledge of past successes.
"We cannot afford to provide cheap
education for our youth. They must have
■ none but the best in order that our
fcchools may turn out good citizens as well
as good scholars. Every one should be
educated to form ideals, and that is one
of the purposes of education. It is those
men and women who have high ideals
who attain distinction in life. This mat
ter of ideals forms one of the bases of
our whole public school system and is one
cf the underlying principles of educational
work. We should also [m to inculcate
in the pupils independence of thought and
opinion. In the broad and general educa
tion of the younger generation lies the
salvation of popular government. This
1 think is the very highest form of pa
triotism which the public schools can
teach. The political tendencies of the age
emphasize selfishness and education in
the public schools should be directly in
opposition to this evil.
"No amount of education can make a
lazy man's labor equal to that of the
energetic man. Pupils should be given
a store of energy and ambition
for the future. They must develop
brains and energy ami grit "and pluck, and
the battle Is half won. Care should be
taken to prevent our boys and girls from
becoming self-seekers and to eliminate
any tendency toward selfishness."
"The end and aim of our educational svs
tern. said Professor Cubberly in conclu
sion, "is that our pupils be taught to
labor unselfishly; that they be trained to
toll and drudge— in a word, that they be
taught to live nobly as good citizens. If
these principles are adhered to the edu
cational system of the future will take
care of elf."
The sentiments expressed and the
truths enunciated by the professor were
heartily applauded by the teachers, and
at the conclusion of the address he was
warmly congratulated by Superintendent
Webster.
The Philomel Quartet sang several se
lections and then Superintendent Kirk
was introduced to present "Some
Thoughts for the Teaching Force of the
State to Consider."
"Th- educational problem is constantly
presenting new phases," said the laker.
"The teacher of to-day may realize that
some practices, once valued, are now rele
gated to the educational garret, while
others, once discarded, are coming back,
such as mental arithmetic, spelling, vocal
training and mental imposition. The
thoughtful teacher may realize that the
failure of some plans was not due to the
plans themselves, but to the lack of har
mony with the pedagogic system. The
progressive teacher Is reading and think
ing on educational matters. The world
If aroused and the thinking, pondering
and investigating of educational prob
lems goes on unceasingly. Only those
teachers who realize the Importance of
keeping abreast of the times .-an* hope
' to maintain their places in the ranks of
educators. You teachers of San Fran
cisco, enjoying tically a life tenure,
are under an obligation to make your
selves the best teachers for the positions
you .occupy Only on this ground can you
be justified -holding a monopoly on 'the
POSTUM CEREAL.
COFFEE TOPERS.
More of that kind than belong to the
whisky class. x,, criticism offered
If the drug agrees with the system,
and it does with some. About one in
three are unpleasantly affected in
some organ of the body, and the proof
HIVFUL
is found by the disease leaving when
coffee is left off.
Postum Cereal Coffee furnishes per-
fect nourishment and quickly rebuilds
a broken down nervous system. Proof
is in trying. Grocers furnish at 15
&nd 25 cents. 'yj y
i positions here and so discouraging others
from seeking the places you occupy."
Superintendent Kirk expressed surprise
at the action of the Legislature in re-
I fusing to pass an appropriation for the
county boards of education. He declared i
the services of these boards could not I
well be dispensed with, but yet the nor- j
mal schools must be trained for the '
proper training of teachers. He re- j
marked that certain County Superintend
ents had gone to Sacramento to lobby for
the continuance of the annual examina
tions for teachers' certificates, their ex
cuse being that the training and normal .
schools were not competent to turn out i
the teachers that are necessary.
"As we have four normal schools and i
a pedagogical department in the Univer
sity of California," said the speaker, "I I
think we can dispense with the annual :
teachers' examinations. There is no I
longer any great demand for new teach
ers. There are more than a thousand
competent teachers In the State at the
present time without schools.
"The teachers' interest should be mani
fested to a greater extent In public affairs
and it; the attempt to purify politics. Who
can fail to admire President Jordan ant-
Professor Moses for the interest they take
in public affairs? While we may not fully
agree with President Jordan in his views
touching the Philippines, yet we cannot
but admire his bold stand in stepping
out of the sphere of the scholar to dis
cuss these affairs of statecraft and poll
tics. I am not alarmed at the attitude of
the masses toward educational work, yet
readjustment on some lines may be neces
sary. We cannot progress on the educa
tional road unless the people are following
us. We must educate the masses to the
standpoint of the educational system and
not let our Ideals drop back to the Ideals
of the masses."
After a recess of five minutes and more
music by the quartet Professor Tadd
delivered an interesting lecture along the
same lines as his first lecture in the Girls'
High School on Wednesday evening. Yes
terday, however, he had six pupils at the
blackboard to aid him in demonstrating
his ambidextrous theory. Professor
Tadd holds that the object of all educa
tion is the development of that character
istic which disposes to right action; that
experience, not memory, is the mother of
iaeas and that the universal process of
intelligence is the assimilation of con
crete material furnished by experience.
"What we want Is that action be spon
taneous and natural, and to obtain this
we have to form during the nascent pe
riod of childhood habits that will become
automatic," said the professor. "It seems
to me that this is more Important than
reading, writing and arithmetic. We
should give more time to something that
will expand and exalt the mind. We must
nourish the mind by getting ideas. 1 am
making a plea for a little more time to
be given to facts and forces, rather than
to the symbols of things, written words
and definitions."
The afternoon was devoted to section
work, the following programme being
carried out:
Section 1. "Beginning Reading." Madame
Celine R. Pechin; discussion, Miss i:. F. Bart
lett. Mrs. E. M. North, Miss E. M. Gannon.
Miss A. M. Castiehun, Miss A. B. Campbell.
"Primary Number Work." Superintendent J.
W. McClyinonds, Oakland; discussion, Frank
Morton, Miss A. G. Regan, Miss Jennie Smith,
Miss S. B. Jenkins.
Section 2. "Correlation of Reading:, Litera
ture and Composition," Barr Wagner; discus
sion. Miss Jean Parker, Miss Eliza I>. Keith.
Mrs. J. G. Kennedy. "The Correlation of Com
position Work," Miss Effle E. Smith; discus
sion. Miss M. A. Sherer, Miss ... A. Thompson.
"Art Reading." T. L. Hi v- in Berkeley; dis
cussion. Miss E. F. Bartlett, Miss S. J. Jones,
Miss H. M. Fail-child.
Section 3. "History," Professor E. 1.. Cub
berly; discussion, Miss 11. Phillips, Miss ...
Hodgklnson, Miss A. Hirstel, Miss Ida Kervan,
Mlsa K. B. Chllds, Miss T. M. Franklin.
Section 4. "Science Materials— How to Pre
sent It," Professor 0. P. Jenkins; discussion,
S. A. White. Miss Jessie Smith. Miss Jean
Parker, Miss E. M. Graham. "United States
History— Civil Government," Professor Ellwood
P. Cubberly: discussion, T. H. McCarthy, W.
D. Kingsbury. "
Section 5. "Purpose and Method of History
In Secondary Schools." Professor A. C Dunl
v.ay; discussion, F. H. Clark, C. H. Murphy,
Mrs. M. Prag. "Laboratory Methods in
Science," Professor Fernando Sanford; discus
sion, A. T. Winn. P. T. Tompkins. A. L. Jor
dan, G. O. Mitchell.
The institute will close Its sessions this
afternoon. The programme for to-day is
as follows:
MORNING.
Music. Ninth Grades Crocker Grammar Schoool
Under the direction of Miss Elizabeth Wade.
"Love and Law" Dr. T. P. Bailey
Reading Miss E. F. Bartlett
Solo Miss Millie Flynn
"A Pew Thoughts on the Making of School
Law" Henry Meade Bland
Chairman of Committee on Legislation of
-.•••■■ California Teachers' Association.
"Social Aspect in Education". Dr. E. E. Brown
AFTERNOON.
Music Philomel Quartet
Presentation of National Educational Asso
ciation Elmer E. Brown
State Director, National Educational Asso
ciation.
Duet Mrs. C. W. Mark, Mrs. Emilie Parent
"Value of Higher Education"
David Starr Jordan
Muf1c....... Philomel Quartet
Report of Committee on Resolutions
Colonel C. H. Murphy
HOW FBED FOSTER
WORKED HOWARD
WHAT LED TO THE PURCHASE
OF YELLOW TAIL.
Foster's Attempts to Make Himself
Out the Real Owner of the
Horse Are Fully Ex
i plained.
The preliminary examination of Fred
Foster, the horseman, charged with ob
taining money by false '■ pretenses from
A. Howard, the Australian plunger, was
continued before Judge Conlan yesterday
morning. --. , , ~" /■'.'•'" .
I'd ward Kaufman, the horseman, was
-examined and went oyer substan
tially the same ground as during his ex
! amination Wednesday as to -the written
agreement regarding the horses Yellow
Tail and Sam McKeever and Foster's at
tempt to slip in the words "and myself"
Into it. . i
Attorney Dunne, for the prosecution,
submitted a plan of the ground floor of
Howard's house, particularly the room
where the agreement referred to by Kauf
man was written. . ;■. .
James Hanby. a newspaper man con
nected with the Chicago Tribune, testi
fied to having discovered Yellow Tail, Sam
McKeever arid Abuse among other horses
in a box car about 800 yards from Foster's
barn, ready to be shipped, and to having
notified Howard of the fact. He ana
Howard then went to a Justice of the
ace and Howard swore to a warrant
for Foster's arrest.
A Howard, the complaining witness,
testified that he was a civil engineer by
1 profession. He met Foster for the first
time about the third week in January,
having been Introduced to him in witness*
house Subsequently be met Foster on
the racetrack, and after they became bet
ter acquainted Foster suggested to him
the buying of race horses and mentioned
the horse Frank Bell. He gave Foster
S"000 at the Safe Deposit vaults to pur
chase the horse, but the deal fell through
and Foster re+ained possession of the
J2OOO and told Howard that he could buy
Just as good horses here as Frank Cell,
I which was in New Orleans, and that
Ml
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, FKIDAY, APRIL 14, 1899.
Charles Thorpe, the jockey, had told him
that Yellow Tall was as 'fine a two-year
old as he had ever ridden. Foster repre
sented that he had made a bargain with
' Burns & Waterhouse to purchase Yellow
Tail for Howard and himself, but as
Burns was.' in Sacramento Waterhouse
would not close the deal without consult
ing him. Foster wired to Burns, who re
plied that if the deal was agreeable to
Waterhouse he was satisfied. Foster
showed the two telegrams to Howard, and
on the strength of Foster's representations
concerning Thorpe's statements and the
existence of the bargain with Burns &
waterhouse to purchase the horse for
$10,000 Howard gave Foster 19200. That
sum-added to the $2000 Foster already had
on the Frank Bell deal made $11,200, which
was $1200 more than the purchase price.
Howard made a demand upon Foster for
the $1200 and got back $1150.
Howard also testified that Foster told
him that the bill of sale for Yellow Tail
was in Howard's name and he would
bring it the next time he called. The bill
of sale was in Foster's name, and How
ard did not see it till it was produced in j
court on Tuesday. Howard also testified 1
that If he had not believed Foster's rep- :
resentations concerning the character of
the horse and the contract with Burns & j
horse and the contract with Burns &
Waterhouse he would never have paid
the money. He relied upon Foster's
statements, and the day when Foster re
ceived, the bulk of the money he was sick
in bed. He also told the story of the
execution of the agreement on March 1,
in which he was mentioned as the owner
of the horses, and explained it was writ
ten on Sunday, March 6, although dated
the previous day. The paper was entirely
written by Foster, who also made the
erasures. The way the erasures were
made was explained. After Foster had
written out the paper Howard looked at
it and saw the words "and myself?" He
remarked to Foster. "Where do you come
in?" and Foster replied, "I thought it
was agreed I would have an interest
when I got my money.'' and Howard re
torted that it would be time enough when
he got his money. Foster replied, "All
right, boss," scratched out the words "and
myself" and signed the paper.
The case was continued until to-mor
row, when Howard will be cross-ex
amined.
DRAWBACK CLAIMS FOR
SUGAR TO BE ALLOWED
EXPORTERS OF CANNED SWEETS
ARE JOYFUL.
Secretary of the Treasury Orders Pay
ment of the Claims for the Year's
1896 and 1897.
Customs Collector Jackson 'has received
a letter from the Secretary of the Treas
ury, dated April 7, which reads as follows:
The department duly received your let
ter of the 23d ult. submitting an applica
tion from W. Ford Thomas on behalf of
various claimants for drawback on im
ported sugar used In the preparation of
canned fruit exported under entries filed
during the years i y "i and 1897.
It appears that the liquidation of the en
tries in question was suspended on account
of the omission of the rates of drawback
prescribed for such canned fruit by sec
tions 12,892 and 1T.. 4"._.' from the list of rat-_
promulgated in section 17,355 of August l,
1896; that such omission and consequent
suspension of liquidation were deemed
necessary in view of the question which
arose some tirm- before the last-mentioned
date whether the Imported sugar so ap
peared In the exported article "that the
quantity or measure thereof may be ascer
tained," as required by the first proviso of
section 23 Of the act of August 28, 189. (re
produced in section 80 of the act of July
24, i^Ti. and that, Inasmuch as such ques
tion was decided In the affirmative. In ac
cordance with in opinion rendered by the
Attorney General under date of July i-">.
IS.", the rates of drawback specified in said
sections 12,392 and 16,452 were restored by
department's instruction to you of the 22d
of July last (section 19.721).
In view of the facts, the department con
curs.with you in the opinion that the
restoration of decisions sections 12,392 and
15.452 gives to the draw back claims filed In
compliance therewith the sate., status as
though said decisions had not been omitted
from the list of rates promulgated ln sec
tion 17.355. ■
You are, therefore, . authorized to liqui
date said claims accordingly.
Exporters of canned fruit and other
sweetened products are elated over the
decision embodied in the foregoing letter.
The payment of drawback on sugar ex
ported in canned fruit, etc., was discon
tinued after January I. 189fr. and resumed
on July 15, 1898. Bui a large number of
exporters, realizing that a change would
be made, kept account of the quantity of
sugar exported In the canned products
and filed claims for the drawback with
the (Secretary of the Treasury for 1896 and
1897. These claims will be paid immedi
ately and the exporters arc jubilant.
BONDS FOR IMPROVEMENTS.
Federation of Mission Clubs Advo
cate Additional Schools.
At a meeting of the Federation of Mis
sion Improvement Clubs held Wednesday
at Anderson's Hall, 708 Douglass street, the
question of Issuing bonds for general im
provements in the Mission district was
fully discussed by the members present.
In order to bring tin- matter fully before
the Supervisors the following committee
was appointed to wait on the Street Com
mittee of the board to-morrow: A. S. LII-.
lie, Captain Anderson, G. Schnee, Dr. E.
X. Ton-' Joseph Toohey, C. Stader and
H. E. Griffith. At this meeting the bond
issue will be thoroughly ventilated.
The following resolutions were unani
mously adopted:
Whereas, the Federation of Mission Im
provement Clubs has felt It to be its duty to
advocate the needs of the outlying districts;
and whereas, we believe that other parts of
the city should share in any benefits to be
derived front a bond issue. Therefore
Resolved. That the Federation of Mission
Improvement Clubs, in stating the following
local needF, recognizes that Improvements of
the same character are needed in other dis
tricts. We would therefore recommend that
the following improvements be Included in the
bond issue: BCS OOLB.
SCHOOLS.
West of Castro, 12 rooms; Sunnyside. 8;
Ocean View; 16; Five-mile, 12; Six
mile 4; South San Francisco, 16; Pre
cita "Valley, 5.......} - ...... $2r,0, 000
Rebuilding schools in other parts of
t^o.a.^zz^"'"'''''^"^^'^'SS
Total -
SEWERS.
Sewer from Thirtieth street- and Ocean
View and from Corbett road to Ken
tucky street • 1500.000
general -sewer system 1.000.n00
Total • ■.$1,500,000.
STREET PAVING.
Paving Valencia, Mission, Howard and
Polk streets and other down-town
cobbled streets and repaying county^ m
HMpftaV .oV-itV'andcount."::::::::: : : : : j-Wom
WITHDRAWALS FOR EXPORT.
Collector Jackson Indorses the Rec
ommendation Made in The Call and
Will Help the Merchants.
Customs Collector Jackson has
mailed to the Secretary of the Treasury
his recommendation to the effect that
withdrawals afloat for export might be
made without the vexatious delays inci
dent to the weighing, etc.. under the pres
ent system The Collector sent also a
clipping from The Call of Tuesday morn
«n__i_n which the matter was discussed at
enYth and sent also the letter on the
...m.. subject written to the Collector by
Customs Broker Bellingall. The innova
tion recommended by the Collector will be
a great accommodation to the business
community and will not work any incon
venience upon the Government.
Father MacCorry to Lecture.
On Tuesday evening next Father' Ma
c the eloquent Paulist, will deliver
a lecture In the armory of Company O,
old St. Mary's College, on the Mission
road for the benefit of St. John's parish.
Father MacCorry's ability as a lecturer
Is well known and consequently tickets
are In demand. The title of the lecture
Is "The Unit In Creation's Plan; a Plea
for Llcht. for Liberty and Independence."
Tickets' may be had at the Paulist Fa
thers' 628 California street; Mrs. B. B.
Hevermann's, JOG Hayes street; and at
Father Brady's, 19 St. Mary avenue.
A Foolish Tailor.
..iiirri Curran, a tailor employed in a
shop at 142 vEddy street, quarreled with
his girl, Louie Mason, In her. room at 35
Turk . street, yesterday afternoon, and
after threatening to kill her he swallowed
a dose of creosote. He was taken to the
Receiving Hospital and Dr. Thompson
soon had him out of danger. Curran had
lift a note which read: "Remember, I
done this for you, Louie, because I love
you.— Muni.'' '•'
THOSE NOLAN
CHECKS MAY
RUIN NEALL
Not Sufficient Excuse
for Delay.
MORE DAMAGING TESTIMONY
DIVIDENDS WERE ALL DE
CLARED ON CASH ON HAND.
The Evidence of the Cavalry Officers
. Is Seriously Injuring the Pros
pects of the Accused
Officer.
As the court-martial of Lieutenant
Neall progresses it is becoming more and
more apparent that it is not so much
neglect of his accounts or the financial
tangle in which he found himself as it is
the explanation he made that will do him
the most damage. It looks as if he could
explain away most of the charges based
on shortages or at least account for his
actions to the satisfaction of a lenient
court; but the prosecution is proving its
charges of deception, unless the defense
can counteract the testimony of the offi
cers of his own regiment. C : ". ;- ■
Lieutenant Slavens, to whom fell the
duties laid down so summarily by Neall,
was under examination during the morn
ing session, and the evidence he gave did
little good for the accused.
He Bald the post exchange council would
not declare a dividend if there was no
money on hand, and he considered the
fact that dividends had been declared in
January and February as proof that
money had been on hand in sufficient
quantities to pay them all. It was the
duty of the post exchange officer to pay
these dividends at once. The council
meets every month, he said, and it is the
custom to settle the accounts at that
time. If there Is any surplus money a
dividend is at once declared. By refer
ence to the books Slavens testified that
on January 1, 1889, there was on hand
14982 86; on February 1 there was $-5545 05,
and on February 15 $4935 95. These
amounts were in cash. There was due
from the exchange on February 15 $3482 82
on various bills and an overdraft of
$154 12. The dividends for January and
February bad not been paid.
The reason for this delay had been ex
plained by Neall to the adjutant as being
.his inability to secure the indorsement
of the Nolan checks by Mrs. Nolan as
administratrix of her husband's estate,
and so the witness was led on to tell
about those disputed papers. The checks,
he said, could have been turned over to
him when the exchange was transferred
to him, -and be would have considered
them as assets. When he did get them
they had not been Indorsed and he se
cured the necessary indorsement without
trouble. When Neall had told him he
could not turn over the exchange until
the checks had been indorsed the witness
said he believed him, but later on, when
the transfer was still In abeyance, and
only because of those checks, he began
to suspect something was wrong.
"1 know now." continued the- witness,
"that the statement made to me by
Lieutenant Neall so far as the post ex
tftAnge was concerned and as influenced
by those particular checks was false. '
"Do you know the intent of ins state
ments?" asked the judge advocate.
"1 believe the Intention was to deceive
me and to prevent the execution of 'the
order detailing me as post exchange offi
cer, from the tact that he could not make
a showing of funds." •
The witness added further that he had
never seen any evidences of mental ina
bility on the part of N< all.
Mr Thornton then took up the cross
examinatlon, and under his question the
witness said- he had found all papers ac
counted for and none mutilated, and it
was possible to form a fair and accurate
statement of the financial condition of
the exchange. He was asked if there had
been a "showing of funds' at the rneet
inns of the council which declared the
dividends for January and February. He
said he presumed so, because it was re
quired by'the regulations. He refused to
admit that under such a supposition any
shortage that had occurred must have
occurred after the last showing of
funds" at the meeting in February, nor
would he say any more on the subject
than that the "showing of funds" ought
to have been made. The dividends he said
are declared on cash on hand, not on bills
receivable. v  . , - ,
In conclusion the witness declared he
had been deceived by Neall in the reason
he gave for not turning over the ex
change lie would have receipted for
everything in sight had Neall seen lit to
turn the place over to him, and he be
lieved at first the reason Neall gave for
delay was to Neall good and sufficient
It was only afterward that he fouua It
was not. ■__
William Conniff, post commissary ser
geant, was called to give some idea of the
financial condition of the- commissary de
partment When Neall turned it over to
Is successor, but his evidence was mainly
to corroborate what had gone before.
Captain Henry C. Danes, commanding
Battery 1. Third Artillery, was called to
tell that his battery had not received the
dividend for January nor the one for Feb
ruary from the post exchange. He said
be had never applied for It officially.
Captain John A. Lockwood, commanding
Troop M, Fourth Cavalry, testified to the
same state of affairs regarding his divi
dends. " Hi"
Captain Lockwood also testified that a
check he had sent to Neall as secretary
of the Presidio Club, amounting to $27 and
in payment for his January account, had
been turned over to Posner and Levin by
Neall and had by them been cashed at
the bank. He had received a second bill
for his January account In the latter part
of February and he had written to the
bank about the matter. The bank sent
the check back with the Information that
it had been presented and he sent the cor
respondence to the secretary who suc
ceeded Neall. By questions from the de
fense It was Implied that the firm receiv
ing the check had an account for cigars
with the club, and the check from Lock
wood had been turned over to it in part
payment.
Lock wood was a member of the post ex
change council when the January divi
dend was declared. He said the dividend
was declared on a showing of $2412 87, but
he was not asked if this was all in cash.
A BELT WITH MERIT
(r, _\ That's the kind of a Belt you want
I . -^Bj '? you expect it to cure you. When you
ft ' —^ 4s*<3__ buy a Belt, buy a GOOD one or none at
hi &B& E"jgB all. Go where BELTS ARE MADE—
\J_ ' * _3__^^_B to a firm of established reputation,
Vi _^*^__y_r whose word and promises amount to
1 - something, and then you will be able to
_£_&d yi\''W > tj^y get what you want and at a fair price,
&o&M^i\k&^\^M^ to °' There is no humbug about Dr.
g-ffilffl. 'V "3__ '■■■^i^_?!_____^ft* Pierces Electric Belt. Any one who
iWW^^^l^^JHflßi^v has ever tried - l knows that ' II does
*\WJW^_M*" not fall to Pieces in a few weeks as
vM^AW^^^^-^W'^W others do. It is warranted to be as
V W^o^__l?*M__HliW represented. Buy no Belt till you see
*W^^__PP "DR- PIERCES." :-.'.-«..-_
•^v^_ss^/_liW' Call at office or send 2c in stamps for
,>^s^n«* T . our "Book No. 2." Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Market Street, Opposite Palace Hotel, San -Franciaco.
-©-©-©-©-©-©-©-©-©-©-©—©-©-©-©-©-©-©-©-©-©-
HIS DOWNFALL
ATTRIBUTED TO
HIS WIFE'S THRIFT
Martin Bauer Accused
, of Embezzlement.
A SUIT FILED AGAINST HIM
WILL BE PROSECUTED BY THE
FIRM LATER.
Boesch Lamp Company Makes Sensa
tional Charges of Theft Against
Its Vice President and
Manager.
Martin Bauer, the vice president of the
Boesch Lamp Company, 585 Mission street,
is made the defendant in a sensational
suit filed in Judge Barry's court last
Saturday. The company seeks to recover
the sum of $299, which it is alleged Bauer
embezzled while acting in the capacity
of its manager. The suit, however, is
but a preliminary proceeding to a crimi
nal prosecution to follow when certain
facts are established.
Bauer has been connected with the com
pany nearly fourteen years. He enjoyed
the Implicit confidence of Emil Boesch.
Its president, and was entrusted with the
responsibilities of the big business. About
one year ago the first whisperings of
his trusted clerk's dishonesty reached
Boesch's ears. He regarded them as false
and remained firm in his belief that his
confidence had not been misplaced. Later
further proof was brought to the presi
dent, and It was then that he entertained
his first doubt.
About eight months ago he left San
Francisco for Paris. Before his departure
he employed Attorney D. B. Richards to
investigate the conduct of Bauer and de
tect him in theft if possible. Richards
detailed several detectives to make pur
chases from Bauer. In each instance the
sleuths were given receipts for the
amount they paid, but no account was
placed in the books nor was the money
turned over to the firm. The attorney
also obtained proof that Bauer had
been systematical pilfering in this
manner day after day and when
ever the oportunity presented it
self. He sent his report to President
Boesch at Paris and the latter made ar
rangements to secretly return and take
his employe by surprise.
About two weeks ago Bauer was sum
moned to Richards' office. He was con
fronted with the proof of his guilt by the
attorney and, utterly off his guard, broke
down and confessed. He admitted having
taken a small amount and pleaded that
he be allowed to "square" the matter
with Borsch, whom he believed to be in
Paris. ills resignation was first demand
ed and after some reluctance he wrote it
out. Boesch, who was in an adjoining
room, then stepped in and another scene
occurred. The embezzler gave as an ex
cuse for his offense that his wife was
exceedingly penurious and would not even
allow him spending money. In order to
keep a few coins in his pocket, he said,
he was obliged to pilfer from the firm.
Boesch demanded tne whole truth, but
Bauer persisted that he had taken but a
few dollars.
The receipts obtained by the detectives
amount to a large sum. and this is the
only positive evidence against the ac
cused. Richards says that it would be
impossible to ascertain the correct
amount of the defalcations, as there has
been no complete record of sales kept, and
until Bauer consents to impart further
Information the exact loss to the firm
will remain unnamed. Bauer received $130
a month and dividends as manager and
Attorney Richards stated yesterday that
he believed him tp be worth between $40,
--000 and $50,000 at the present time. He
resides at 806 Hayes street. •'
The suit to recover the small amount
was instituted with the intention of forc
ing Bauer to give details under oath, af
ter which to prosecute him for embez
zlement. When first accused by Attorney
Richards he refused to resign, but was
given an alternative of immediate arrest.
Under these conditions he resigned. He
is about 52 years of age and. until bis
present difficulty, was always believed to
be a capable and honest employe. He
has a family and his sons were employed
by the lamp company.
Emil Boesch stated yesterday that he
believed the company had been robbed of
something in the neighborhood of $30,000
by Bauer. He would not discuss the mat
ter, but said that he will depend entirely
upon Attorney Richards for a settlement.
Bauer is at present fitting up a store
on Mission street, in which he will con
duct a lamp business. He admitted hav
ing taken money, but said his position in
the firm warranted him in doing so, as
he had "worked faithfully in its interest
for the past fifteen years." He asserts
that the charges are made against him at
this time to injure his trade, as he will
compete with tne Boesch Lamp Company.
Attorney Richards says that Boesch will
prevent Bauer from conducting his busi
ness until his alleged indebtedness to his
company is settled.
Probably a Murder.
E. Lane, a sailor boarding-house keeper,
called at the Coroner's office yesterday
and stated that he had been informed
that the sailor, William Brennecke, who
died In the Harbor Hospital last Wednes
day night of a fractured skull, was the
victim of a murder. He said that when the
body was seen lying in front of a Scandi
navian saloon on Jackson street two sail
ors were seen running away and that he
had found a sailor who claimed to be an
eye-witness to the affair and that Bren
necke was clubbed on the head until his
skull was broken and he was rendered un
conscious.
The matter has been reported to the
police. -
An autopsy by Dr. Zabala, held last
night, showed that a small piece of wood
was lodged in the fracture of the skull.
To Restrict Japanese Immigration.
W. M. Rice. United States Commis
sioner of Immigration at Victoria, B. C,
arrived on the steamer Rio de Janeiro
yesterday from Japan. Mr. Rice has been
in the Orient for six months past, where
he was sent by this Government to study
the labor conditions of Japan, and the
probable dangers of a threatened influx
of Japanese Into the United States. He
will proceed immediately to Washington,
where he will Incorporate his views In a
report to the administration. As a result
of his Investigations on the subject it Is
likely that Congress Will take steps to
restrict the ' wholesale Immigration of
Japanese laborers and mechanics. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PUN TO INSURE
COMPETITION IN
STREET LIGHTS
Superintendent Hew
itt's Proposition.
FOR MUNICIPAL OWNERSHIP
ELECTRIC WIRES SHOULD BE ON
ONE POLE LINE.
Favors the Appointment of an Elec
trical Expert Who Shall Have
Charge of All Work
Done.
Superintendent Hewitt of the Fire Alarm
and Police Telegraph has formulated a
plan for accommodating the wires of com
peting electric light companies. The plan
contemplates the establishment of the
nucleus of a plant to be owned by the city
and which may eventually be extended
and enlarged sufficiently to enable the city
to provide its own lights for streets and
public buildings. These plans were sub
mitted to the Street Lights Committee of
the Board of Supervisors yesterday by
Superintendent Hewitt in the following
communication:
SAX FRANCISCO. April 12. 1889.
Committee on Street Lights of the Board of
Supervisors Gentlemen: Pursuant to your re
quest for information concerning public light-
Ing 1 beg to submit the following:
Investigation shews that about 5000 poles to
be used exclusively for lighting purposes are
necessary to meet the present conditions.
Poles from 30 to 75 feet in length could be set
complete for service for about $115,000. These
would accommodate the several competing
companies and all public wires.
It Is suggested that a franchise be granted
for the erection of a standard pole line to
supersede all existing poles for lighting pur
poses, and that all companies furnishing light,
heat or power be compelled to occupy the
same, paying a fair and reasonable rental,
to be fixed In the terms of the franchise.
That at the expiration of ten years the
poles shall become the property of the city,
and sooner, if after the expiration of six
months the owner of the franchise falls to
provide and maintain the same in good order.
That the poles be erected to the satisfaction
of the superintendent of the fire alarm and
police telegraph, and under his supervision, and
that he determine the position on the poles of
all wires, public and private, and that when
directed by said superintendent the owner of
ADVERTISEMENTS.
POMMERY
Has no equal in those finer quali-
ties of delicate flavor which are so
highly appreciated by discriminating
judges. It is the favorite champagne
among connoisseurs the world over.
POMMERY "SEC" AMD "BRUT" FOR SALE EVERYWHERE.
John Caffrey, Pacific Coast Representative,
21 Sutter St., San Francisco, Cal.
CHAS. GRAEF & CO., sole agents for United States,
32 Beaver St., New York.
CHAMPAGNE
AUCTION SALES.
$50,000 BANKRUPT STOCK!
SUN FAT & CO.,
3STo. 39 OE_A_:R-ir ST..
WILL BE SOLD OUT BY
AUCTION
For the Benefit of the Cred:tors.
COMMENCING WEDNESDAY. APRIL 12. 1899,
At 2 and 8 p. m. daily until nl are disposed of.
Consisting of CHINESE AND JAPANESE
GOODS. OLDJGOLI . SATSUMA AND CLOI-
SONNE WARES. BRONZES. EBONY GOODS,
A BEAUTIFUL COLLECTION of CARVED
IVORY GOODS. SILKS, SILK PIECE GOODS,
LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S UNDER-
WEAR. SILK BEDSPREADS, ROBES, JACK-
ETS AND TABLE COVERS.
C. P. TROY & CO.. Auctioneers.
«Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
025 KEARNY NT, Established
ln 1*54 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on bodyand mind and
Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low
Cores ßunrantred. Callorwrlta
J»r. J. _.'. IBB©.. Box 2357. San Franciaco
OCEAN TRAVEL.
fmwmmmA.tH "- R - Mariposa
__&_!__- If sails via Honolulu
:»t*"""«' and Auckland for
M _^— ~^ Sydney Wednesday,
_h__/ l*-^\ April 19, at 10 p. m.
SlP_.ni .IHn-J The S. S. Australia
OlWJllDIIIr**- sails for Honolulu
\ (PfflPfJrl&h Wednesday, May 3. at
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa. New Zealand, Australia, India, Suez, i
England, etc.; $610 first-class. I
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW "TORS, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PABI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday 10 a. m. '
St. Louis April 12 [St. Louis May 3
Paris April 19 Paris May 10
New York April 2. 1 St. Paul May 17
RfcD STAR LINE.
New York nnd Antw_r_». ;'■', '..".:
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Southwark April 12|Noordland May 3
Westernland ...April 19 Frlesland May 10
Kensington ....April 26 i Southwark May 11
• EMPIRE LINE, '
Seattle. St. MUhasl. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and pas-
V sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
20 Montgomery St.. or any of its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan s'reets, 1 p. m.. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
ot sailing.
NIPPON MARU. ...Wednesday. April 12
AMERICA MARU ......Saturday, May «
HONGKONG MARU. Thursday. June 1
Round trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS, General Agent.
the franchise shall promptly repair, and. if
deemed necessary, renew all poles, so that the
line may be maintained at all times ln good
condition. ■-.• '.
\ln order that competition may be effected
immediately parties owning poles at present
erected or to be erected be compelled to allow
the competing company permission to attach
its -fixtures to the poles until such time as tha
regular pole line be built for that section.
Payment to be the same as fixed in the fran
chise.
That where a company loses the lighting cpn
tract for a district the successful bidder be
allowed to purchase the equipment, unless the
owner prefers to remove the sain..
That the district on and 1000 feet on' each
Bide of Market street from Van Ness avenue
and Twelfth street to the bay.be cleared by
placing all overhead wires underground in
common conduits to be built by the city within
two years, provision being made for all wires
not already provided tor, and that a reason
able rental be charged, for the same.
That the city build from time to time a.
common conduit la all other districts of the
city for the accommodation of all wires, save
trolleys, not already provided for. •
That provision of $".'.OOO he made in the next
appropriation for the fire alarm and police tele
graph tor an electric light plant, to be in
stalled and maintained under the supervision
of the superintendent of said department, suffi
ciently large to light the Market-street under
ground district and having in view the mu
nicipal ownership of a plant sufficiently larga
for all public lighting.
That the attached ordinance be passed im
mediately. Respectfully submitted,
W. R. HEWITT,
Superintendent F. A. and P. T.
The ordinance proposed by Superintend
ent Hewitt Is one providing for the.cre
ation of the office of Electrical Inspector
for the city and county of San Francisco,
and establishing rules and regulations
concerning electrical appliances. Accord
ing to its provisions the proposed ordi
nance makes the Superintendent of tha
Fire Alarm and Police Telegraph tha
Electrical inspector. It is his duty to in
spect and pass upon all electrical wiring,
both public and private, and to carry Into
effect such regulations as will afford pro
tection against fires and accidents.
In his communication Superintendent
Hewitt gives the number and location of
the electric lipht poles now maintained in
this city. The total number as given by
him is 402... To this number should be
added .09 poles in use _>y the lire alarm
and police telegraph wires.
Ellen M. Henrotin, ex-president of
the Federated Woman's Clubs of
America, writes about the woman's
clubs of California, in next Sunday's
Call.
THREE WEIGHERS WEIGHED.
Special Agents Linck and SmitH
Have Completed Their Inves
tigation.
Special Agents Linck and Smith hava
finished their investigation into tha
charge of drunkenness preferred against
Customs Weigher Arthur P. Rhodes and
his assistants. Thomas J. Sharkey and
Douglas T. Quint. The accused men
have been under suspension since the be
ginning of the investigation, the agents
having been informed that Rhodes, Shar
key and Quint had been attempting to
intimidate some of the witnesses for tha
Government.
The agents have made certain recom
mendations In their report, but of what
nature they decline to say. It is expected
that the. decision of the Secretary of tha
Treasury will be here within two weeks.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
*tjt ' Pteamers leave ' Broadway
fPlsa*. wharf, San Francisco:
Hfiflßk For Alaskan ports. 10 a. n_,
£-_P(_£_s€S_fe Apr. 1. 6. 11. 16. 21 - 28. Ma * 1;
• __Klwl change at Seattle.
i Ha_BN _M For Victoria. Vancouver (BU
l E__-_rf__>l C), Port Townsend, Seattle.
r^^?'^KitM Tacoma. Everett. Anacorte*
and New Whatcom (Wash.).
** 10 a. m.. Apr. 1. 6. 11. 18, 21.
28. May 1, and every fifth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to this company's steamer*
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N,
P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), i p. _ Apr. 4.
9. 14. 19. 24, 29, May 4, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. Ran Simeon,
: Cajrucoa, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. Apr. 2. 6. 10. 14. 13. 22. 28.
. $0. May 4. and every fourth day thereafter. ■
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
■■ ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
i Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angtles). 11 .a.
m.. Apr. 4. 8, 12. 16. 20. 24. 28, May 2. and
j every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jone del
I Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 7th of each
j month.
Fr.r further Information obtain folder.
.Tie company reserves the right to changs
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
I arvl hours of sflillntr. /-'.-■'
TICKET OFFICE—* New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Agts..
■ 10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R, & N. CO,
TTCPATCH FAST STEAMERS TH \ V--
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. ra.
PA DP *' 2 FI " 1 c las» Including Berth*
Irllll. 5>S Second Clas« and Meals. -
Columbia sails March 14. 24: April 3. li. 28.
State of California sails March li. 28; April
I, 18. 28.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Batta.
Helena and all points In the Northwsat.
Through tickets to all points East.
B. C. WARD, General Agent. .
....•" 630 Market streeC
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO..
-';:., Superintendent.
COMPAGNIE GENERAL- TBANBATLANTIQCB.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARlS.^_£__C_*_
| Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <^iSE_> ■
from Pier 42. North River, foot of <•*«*«___.
Morton st. LA TOURAINE. April 22; LA
GASCOGNE, April 29: LA NORMANDIE, May
6: LA CHAMPAGNE, May 13; LA BRE-
TAGNE, May 20. First-class to Havre. $53
I and upward. 5 per cent reduction on round
trip. Second-class to Havre. $4."; 10 per cent
I reduction on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY
FOB UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 3
' Bowling Green, New York. J. F. FUGAZI &
CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery aye..
San Francisco. " •
1
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMERS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
Beginning April 24. THE STEAMER H. J.
CORCORAN . •
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m.
daily, returning from Stockton at 6< p. m.
dally (Saturday excepted.) Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
dally (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.,
Telephone Main 805.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD ARD vallejo.
Steamer. "Monticello." _'. .: ._ . - -
1 Will be laid oft the route for general repairs
for about 10 days, commencing Monday night,
| April 10, 1599. .- .- . ft&gfef
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
ROSE IS MADE
HER MOTHER'S
SOLE LEGATEE
Will of Isabella yon
Schmidt Filed.
INSTRUMENT OF REVELATION
FOUR ORPHAN SONS ALMOST
UNREMEMBERED.
Robert Engleson of San Francisco Is
Named as Guardian of the Mur
dered Woman's Twelve-
Old Daughter.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, A_.ril 13.
The will of Isabella yon Schmidt, who
was murdered by her husband in Alameda
lust Sunday, was filed for probate late
this afternoon by Attorney Alexander R.
Haum. who is named therein as executor.
The instrument Is In type-written form
and was made just prior to the time
Judge Greene granted testatrix a divorce
from Captain E. A. yon Schmidt, her
slaver. The will Is a relation, and its
stoiy is best told in itself as given below
itim.
<» I, Irabella yen Schmidt, of the city >*>
<* of Alanifda. County of Alameda, State <*
v> of California, being of sound and dl.poa- •§>
<i' Insr mind ar.d memory, and not acting <*
<». under duress, menace, fraud or undue <$.
«... influence of any one. lore and pub- <i>
♦*■ lish this to be my last will and testa- <$>
<«> ment in the manner following, to- wit: A
<*• First— l give, bequeath and devise all A
<»> mv property of whatever kind or nature, .»
<j> arid particularly all my jewelry, furni- <«>
<?> tare and any property which I now have' ®
4> or hereafter may receive by the terms ••>
<j> of the will of my eased mother, Annie <••>
<*• T. Hill, or from any other source, to <»•
<|> mv only daughter, Rose E. yon Schmidt. &
f Second— Should- my daughter. Rose E. <$»
yon Schmidt, die before 1 do, then and ■*
in Buch case 1 give, bequeath and de- %*>
<»- vise all my property of whatsoever kind <§>
<?> or nature as aforesaid, share and share ••<
$ alike, to my ins, Alexis Waldemar yon ■•>
&> Schmidt, Edward Alexander yon <*>
& Schmidt, Harold yon Schmidt and •_■
<•• Roland yon Schmidt. .'■; < <$>
<* Third— l nominate and appoint Robert «_>
<•> P. Eagleson, of the city and county ot <•<
4> San Francisco, the guardian of my raid <£>
<«■■ daughter. Rose E. yon Schmidt; I c*n- <*>
•& sent that my husband, Edward vfcn <*>
<f Schmidt, may he appointed guardian of <J>
<•> my sons aforesaid. <§>
Fourth— 1 nominate and appoint Alex- ■..>
<j-> andfr H. Baum, of the city of Alameda, <•>
<•> County of Alameda, State of California. ■$>
<j> the executor "i this my last will and <..->
testament, to serve without bonds of any <•>
fklnd for the faithful performance of •">
any trust herein. ..,
Fifth— l hereby revoke any wills or &
<?• codicils heretofore made by me. A
<*> In witness whereof, I have this ISth &
<♦• day of December, 1898, subscribed my <§>
<•• name hereto. <fo
.> ISABELLA YON" SCHMIDT, ...
4> lie foregoing Instrument, consisting ot <§>
<$> one jape besides this, was at the date <J>
_> hereof, by the therein testatrix, sub- A
<$> scribed at the end thereof, and she then •$>
_?• and there published and declared said &
<.•> Instrument to be her last will and tes- <|>
■'■ lament in the presence of us, who. at <§>
Sher request and ln her presence and In <**
the presence of each other, have sub- <§>
<•> scribed our names as attesting wit- v>
<* nesses thereof. a
♦ LOULU S. BAUH, • <8>
.> Residing at Bay street and San Antonio •«•
S avenue, Alameda. <<fc
T. F. SCOTT, <$.
<f Residing at Bay street and San Antonio ■_•
<j> avenue, Alameda. v t>
Rose, the sole legatee, is 12 years old;
the sons are aged 10, 8, * and 3 yearß re
spectively in the order given in the will.
The value of the estate is not known at
this time by Attorney Baum, who ask
for special letters of administration; but
the now vacant home in Alameda City is
Included. besides testatrix's interest in
her mother's estate.
Yon Schmidt Left Nq Estate.
ALAMEDA. April 13.— The statement
published in two of the city morning pa
pers to the effect that Captain yon
Schmidt left an estate of considerable
value is denied by the relatives upon
whom has fallen the responsibility of pro
viding for the five little children who
were made orphans by his acts. Aside
from the $60 found on his person the dead
man left nothing. He had always com
manded a good salary, but never made
provision for the future.
HAD A WIFE MORE
THAN THE LAW ALLOWS
JOHN GREEN CONVICTED OF
BIGAMY.
The Jury in the Case Thinks He
Should Have Extreme Mercy
of the Court.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
906 Broadway, April 13.
It required just fourteen minutes for a
Jury in Judge Hall's court this afternoon
to decide upon a verdict convicting John
Green of bigamy. He was recommended
to the mercy of the court.
The trial occupied the greater portion
of the day and attracted as spectators a
large coterie of friends of the parties in
volved. The. evidence showed that Green
married Miss Lizzie Lunnv on July 14
1892, by contract. At that time the latter
was but 13 years of age. They lived hap
pily together on Natoma street, San Fran
cisco, for live years and each year was
heralded by the advent of a little one.
About a year ago Green enlisted under the
first call for volunteers in the First Cali
fornia and was mustered out in the bat
tery. He had enlisted as a single man.
When his wife disclosed his true matri
monial status he was thrown into the
military prison, was court-martialed and
acquitted. On February 2 of this year he
married bis wife sister, Maggie Lunny
In this city. Then relatives took up the
cause of the abandoned wife. His arrest
followed.
The defense tried to establish the ille
gality of the first marriage, and the de
fendant took the stand In his own behalf
He based his belief of being single upon
the following agreement, which his ac
cuser, the lirst wife, had signed:
"ANGEL ISLAND, Cal.. Jan. 23. 18S-1
"I, John Green, and I, Lizzie Lunny, do
by agreement understood by both con
tracting parties, to wit:
"That I. Lizzie Lunny, do release all
claim I have and have had upon the chil
dren of both contracting parties, leaving
both In their father's care, and that i
Lizzie Lunny, do not hold him responsible
for my support, as this agreement makes
void all past obligations that we had en
tered into by contract as man and wife
and that I in future shall resume my
maiden name as Lizzie Lunny."
Green stated that his wife had told him
there was no necessity for a divorce and
that "as long as he would care for the
children It was all right; she did not care
fOr herself." --..■••
At the preliminary hearing Green testi
fied, that he had suggested the foregoing
agreement; now he said his wife had first
suggest it.
Attorney Choynski also testified. He
was an officer in the battery of which de
fendant was a private, and he regarded
1:1s reputation for truth and honesty as
being good.
The arguments were brief, the instruc
tions to the jury oral, and the jury
promptly convicted Green, who will re
ceive his sentence next Wednesday.
* What Shall We Do -with Cuba? '
discussed by William J. Bryan,
Dishop Potter, Booker T. Washington |
and other representative thinkers in I
next Sunday's Call.
JOINED HIS FRIEND
BEYOND THE GRAVE
OAKLAND, April 13.'— William Cadogan of 1414 Eighth avenue Is the sec
ond victim of a train accident at Thirteenth avenue over a month ago.
In March John Pelton, a conductor, was killed while crossing the
track, going to his home, which is next door to the Cadogan home.
When Pelton was taken home Cadogan, who is an old man, and has been
an Invalid for several years, received a severe shock at the sight of his dead
neighbor. For several weeks he has been at the point of death, and his ill
ness was aggravated first by the funeral, then by missing his friend coming
. home every evening to his children and finally by seeing the widow and
little girls move away, leaving vacant the house which a few weeks ago
contained one of the happiest families In Oakland.
These unhappy events proved too much for Cadogan, and yesterday he
was buried from his house adjoining the deserted cottage where the Pel
tons lived. _ : --yy
NO DESIRE TO
CLOSE SALOONS
ON SUNDAYS
Issue Stopped Prior
to Election.
ONE LICENSE IS HUNG 'UP
COMMITTEE GIVES A HINT OF
WHAT IS COMING.
The Present Ordinance Guarantees
Local Option, and in Future it
Will Be Faithfully Ob
served.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 13.
It- is already apparent that the new City
Council is at work. Perhaps the most
significant act it has yet undertaken is
that of the License Committee, which has
laid on the table an application for a
saloon license for the old Union Hotel on
Thirteenth avenue. President Rowe de
nounced the establishment very forcibly.
He said it was an objectionable place
with back doors and card rooms and un
worthy of a license. The matter will lie
on the table until a majority vote desires
that it be taken up.
Some faction is evidently interested in
trying to stir up trouble for the new Coun
cil in the matter of Sunday closing. It is
known that a request has been sent to
Los Angeles for a copy of the ordinance
providing for closing and an effort will be
made to have one introduced before the
Council. It is well known that prior to
the election there was an informal under
standing that if the Council would not un
dertake to reduce the present license the
temperance people would not agitate the
question of Sunday closing or prohibition,
it being agreed thai these periodical
movements worked more harm than good.
This understanding is still in force, and it
is not the temperance people who are
striving to upset it. It is a certain ele
ment bent on trying to disrupt the har
mony now existing in the city govern
ment. Referring to the matter this morn
ing the Mayor said:
"This is the time for us to get together
and 1 feel that it would be premature to
offer a new license ordinance until we are
ready for it. We have at present an ex
cellent liquor license. It Is, in fact, a lo
cal option measure, as no district need
have a saloon if the people of that dis
trict object to it. The trouble is that the
present ordinance has not been enforced
in the past, but it will be in the future.
The men in the saloon business are more
than satisfied with the prospect of clos
ing the keno games, which have been op
erated In some of these places to the det
riment of the character of more respect
able houses. 1 must repeat that so far
as I know the policy of the administration
is in opposition to any form of legislation
that will tend to drive the people of Oak
land apart."
Nearly all the Councilmen expressed
views similar to those of the Mayor and
should an ordinance upsetting present
conditions be Introduced It will probably
receive riot more than two votes.
FALSE CHARGE MADE
TURNER A MANAIC
ATTEMPTED TO MURDER HIS
MOTHER.
Joseph Turner Accused of Defaulting
Less Than Two Dollars Loses
His Reason.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
903 Broadway. April 13.
An ill-founded charge that he had de
faulted the petty sum of $I*s has wrecked
'< the mind of Joseph Turner Jr. and al
| most resulted In the brutal murder of bis
! defenseless mother.
Turner Is 18 years old and resided with
his parents and sister at 1015 Taylor ave
nue, Alameda. Until a few days ago he
was a trusted employe at Le Count Bros.'
wholesale stationery house In San Fran
cisco. According to the story given by
the father at the examination of his son
to-day, the latter was recently accused
of being short $1 85 In his accounts. The
books were Inspected and all was found
to be correct. Then the young man gave
hie accuser, another employe, a sound
trouncing, whereupon the firm dismissed
him from service.
His discharge so worried him that sick
ness came, and with It mental derange
ment. For several nights the elder Tur
ner sat up watching his son, but yester- ■
day the exhaustion resulted in a faint- I
ing spell. While the father was in this
condition the Insane son secured a base
ball bat, declaring that he Intended kill
ing his mother and sister. But for the
timely reviving of the father, who Inter
ceded, the women would have met death.
Then the young man's mania took an
other turn and he started In throwing
furniture and glassware through the win
dows. Finally he attempted to set fire
to the house.
He was brought to the Receiving Hos
pital to-day In a tightly closed carriage
and had to be strapped down. Drs. Bu
teau and Tisd.ile examined him and this
afternoon Judge Greene committed the
unfortunate young man to the asylum at
Napa.
The physicians are hopeful that Tur
ner's dementia will prove to be only tem
porary. .".'.*
■ » .
PEACE DECLARED. I
The Forderer-Mackie Misunderstand
ing Amicably Sattled. .
ALAMEDA. April 13.— Chairman For
derer of the Board of City Trustees and
Trustee-elect Mackie have settled what
ever differences existed between them and !
have resolved to work in harmony in their
official positions for the best Interests of
the city.
"As soon as I read in The Call that Mr.
Mackie had extended the 'glad hand' and
I had refused It," said Mr. Forderer to a
Call correspondent, "I went direct to Mr.
Hackle's office and told him that if he
had extended his hand to me at any time
and I had not reciprocated it was purely :
an oversight on my part. We shook
hands on the spot and congratulated each I
other on our respective elections. We
concluded that .the 'glad hand* term, so
far as we were concerned, had been used j
THE SAIN FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 14, 1899.
by the public only In a figurative sense
and thus found its way Into the papers.
. "I admit that I probably said the things
I about Mr. Mackie credited to me, but we
are liable to pass many remarks during
tne heat of election that should be forgot
ten as soon as the smoke of battle blows
away."
In the same connection Mr. Mackie says
j that whatever personal feeling existed be
; tween himself and Mr. Forderer will not
be carried Into municipal affairs, and that
1 they will work together for Alameda's
j best interests. -,'.
COLLEGE ATHLETES TO
DANCE THE BALLET
A UNIVERSITY CIRCUS IN
PREPARATION.
Track Men and Football Heroes
Training to Play the Part of
Clowns and Acrobats.
BERKELEY, April 13.— The athletes of
the University of California are going to
give a circus. It is true that they never
attempted such a thing before, but that
] only means It will be the more interest
: ing. For years they have been contented
with the sober work of running round the
track and of smashing each other on the
gridiron in hope of wresting a victory
from the cardinal. This' dignified tradi
tion is going to be broken. Before the
end of the present term they will one and
all don a circus costume to act the clown
and buffoon for the amusement of their
friends.
It will be a circus in every respect, from
j sideshows down to peanuts and colored
! lemonade. Men who can do the 100-yard
dash In 10 2-5 seconds will leave off their
spikes to appear in the role of the fat j
lady, and gridiron veterans for whom no
line-up Is too strong to be bucked will \
exchange their mud-covered football suits
for the costume of the ballet. Nothing
will be spared to make the whole a thrill
ing entertainment.
The date set for the performance is
i Thursday afternoon, April 27. All college
exercises for the term close at noontime
the same day, the serious work of final
j examinations beginning the week follow
ing. The affair will come off in the open
'• air within the inclosure of the cinder
track on the lower campus. Ample ac
commodations for an Immense crowd are
I being made.
The programme is to open with a grand \
■ spectacular entrance of the whole troupe, i
consisting of over one hundred perform- I
ers. Womble, the star end of last year's
football team; Hoffman, track captain,
: with Hussey, Conn, Kerfoot and Al ;
j Lean, are training for the tumbling clown
act. Howard Squires will appear as drum
I major. Bab roll, champion hammer
i thrower of the world; Al Lean, the U. C.
; trainer, and others will give exhibitions
I of heavy-weight lifting, boxing, wrestling ;
\ and club-swinging.
An amusing feature will be an all-nation i
footrace of one lap in costume. Entries ;
are announced as follows; Walsh, Eng
lish; Hinz, Japanese; Trefethen, Turk;
De Lashmutt, Chinese; Broughton, Zulu;
O'Toole. Irish; Seltz, Dutch; Squires, He
brew. A pursuit race by five ballet girls
1 is to be followed by a one mile relay race
i between the football and baseball teams.
In addition one or two turns from the
Orpheum are to go on the programme;
possibly a troupe of Japanese acrobats.
Two side shows have been provided for.
One Is a vaudeville performance, con
ducted by college talent. The other will
be in the" nature of a dime museum.
The committee in charge consists of Ir
win J. Muma (chairman), Roy Fryer,
Irving C. Allen, Milton J. Schwartz and
J. B. Southard.
! HOSPITAL FUND EXHAUSTED. i
No Money With Which to Purchase
Supplies for the Balance of the
Present Month.
There Is considerable agitation among
those officials connected with the govern
ment and conduct of the City and County
Hospital on account of the condition of
the funds available for the maintenance
of that Institution. Auditor Wells an
nounced yesterday that the demands al
ready made against the hospital fund for
April, when added to the amount required
to pay the salaries for the present month,
makes a total In excess of the money
available under the one-twelfth act. This
being the case it follow, that there will
be no money with which to pay for goods
considered necessary for the maintenance
of the hospital for the balance of the cur
rent month. Past experience has been a
costly teacher to the merchants and it Is
probable that they will refusee to further
honor requisitions for supplies unless they
are first assured that money to pay for
them will be forthcoming.
Diamond Thief at Work.
K. G. Schwartz, a jeweler at 502 Battery
Street, reported at police headquarters
yesterday that a sneak thief had stolen a
diamond ring from him. The man enter
ed his Btdfe Wednesday afternoon and
asked to look at some diamond rings.
Schwartz showed him a trayful, but he
did not feel satisfied with any of them
and Schwartz turned his hack to get an
other trayful. None of them suited him
and he left. After he had gone Schwartz
missed one of the rings from the first
trayful, which the thief had stolen while
his back was turned. The man Is de
scribed as about 27 years of age and 5 feet
10 inches tall.
Lucas Extortion Case.
The preliminary examination of A. 13.
Lucas, the private detective, on the
charge of attempted extortion was com
menced before Judge Mogan yesterday.
Attorney Aiken appeared for the defend
ant and asked for a week's continuance,
which the Judge refused, as the defend
ant had already been granted a week's
delay, and Aiken withdrew from the case
The Judge appointed ex-Judge Webb to
look after the defendant's Interests, and
James F. Turner, the complaining wit
ness, took the stand. He Identified the
threatening Iters sent him by Lucas and
the prosecution closed. The case was con
tinued until April 21.
Pioneers as Entertainers.
The Society of California Pioneers en
tertained its friends last night in its as
sembly hall. Pioneer building. The occa
sion was a regular dancing party of the
series held during the spring season. The
hall was thronged with dancers through
out the evening. The guests were received
by the following:
Floor manager. Roberts Vandercook; floor
committee, J. il. Raker, R. R. Russ, A. B.
Hurling. .1. .1. Lermen, J. it. Coryell Jr., George
N. Van Orden; reception committee, George C.
Sargent, W. 1.,. Duncan, K. B. Vreeland,
Thomas Cole, H.Bouton,- C. J. King.
The ''Fighting First" at Manila.
One hundred and forty stereopticon
views picturing Colonel James F. Smith
and his "Fighting First" in the trenches
at Manila will be. presented this evening
at Native Sons' Hall, under the auspices
of Cathedral Council No. 59. Y. M. I.
Douglass White, who was an eye-wit
ness to what went on in the trenches, will
describe each picture as It Is thrown upon
the canvas. During the Intermissions an
excellent musical and vocal entertain
ment will be presented.
OFFICERS ARE
EXHORTED TO
BE VERY WISE
Warning of Police
Commission.
DRAW DOWNS FORBIDDEN
MAYOR SNOW TELLS WHAT IS
EXPECTED.
Something Will Drop Unless There
Be a Marked Change From
the Practices of the
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
\ 90S Broadway, April 13.
The sixty members of the Police De
partment were duly lectured for an hour
this afternoon on what the new admin
istration expects from them. Everybody
was present, from Chief Fletcher to the
newest special officer. Mayor Snow, City
Attorney Dow and City Engineer Clem
ent, members of the Police Commission,
reviewed the force and gave the advice.
Nothing very startling was said or done,
but the men were distinctly informed that
something different was expected from j
them from the service rendered to the j
city in the past. The subject of gambling
was taken up, and the Mayor related
some incidents that have come to his
knowledge which he thought did not show
sufficient interest on the part of the de
partment toward their suppression. He
said he wanted officers to 'so conduct
themselves that no one would suggest
they were getting a draw down.
Chief Fletcher has evidently had a little
talk with the Commissioners, for he also
intimated that some of the work of his ,
men had not been up to the standard that
will be expected of them in the future.
Mr. Dow, who recently made a little in- !
spection of gambling dens on his own ac
count, added a few words of admonition
and Mr. Clement, who is not an orator,
stated that the other Commissioners had j
voiced his sentiments. ,
There is a feeling of greater security j
among the members of the force to-night !
as the result of the afternoon lecture, for j
the members argue that if any changes
were to have been made they would have I
been carried out before the lecture, which I
was in effect putting each man on proba
tion before the new commission.
VERMONTERS TO CELEBRATE.
Reunion of the California Society of
"Green Mountain" Boys.
The annual reunion and celebration of j
the Pacific Coast Association of the Na- i
tive Sons of Vermont will be held In Odd '
Fellows' Hall this evening. The pro
gramme consists of a literary and musi- '■
cal entertainment, followed by dancing,
and an enjoyable time is ln prospect for
all who may be so fortunate as to be in
cluded among the guests. The opening j
number on the programme is an overture :
by Dellepiane's orchestra, followed by a j
recitation by Mrs. J. Turner Barton. A !
charming little operetta, entitled "The
Odd Trick," will then fill in the time until
10 o'clock, when the floor will be Cleared
for dancing In a most acceptable manner.
The following artists, late of the Tivoli
grand opera company, will sing and act !
the parts: Miss Clara Atkins, Miss Don
elly, Mrs. Clark. C. Fielding, W. Kneiss
and Rhys Thomas.
The committee appointed by the society
to arrange for the proper observance of
Dewey day on May 1 held a meeting in
the Occidental Hotel last evening to com
plete the preliminary arrangements. It
has been decided to commemorate Ad
miral Dewey's great victory in Ma
nila Bay by a grand celebration on. the
above date at Sunset Park, near Wrights
station, in the Santa Cruz Mountains.
Music, games and dancing will be the
chief features of the celebration, and the
railroads will run special excursion trains
to the grove on that occasion.
The Ohioans.
The Ohio Society of California held a
rousing meeting last night at Mystic Hall.
Rolla V. Watt. Charles A. Lee, W. F.
Aram, Frank D. Searight and B. F. Mc-
Kinley. of this city; Charles E. Noggle
of Templeton, and William Huntley of
Hopland were elected active members;
and Miss Carrie Cunningham of this city.
Job Reeder of Hanoverton, Ohio, Sol Hilp
of Ely, Nev., J. M. Fulton, T. V. Julien,
A. E. Cheney, Thomas Wren, Percy T.
Phillips, M.D., and William A. Phillips,
M.D., all of Reno, Nev., were elected as
sociate members. The members from the
State of Nevada promise to». attend the
next meeting in a body.
' The committee on reception of President
McKinley reported that the President is
expected in this city during the latter part
of July, and that arrangements for his re
ception are being perfected. Interesting
addresses were made by James Malcolm
Gleaves. J. M. Long, C. C. Wadsworth,
M.D.. H. A. hidings. E. J. Ensign, I_oui3
P. McCarty. Major John A. Whiteside, J.
A. Silverman, Ph.G.. M.D., E. P. Morey,
Norman R. Arter and N. B. Coffman,
M.D., who came from Healdsburg to,at
tend the meeting.
Stanford's Reception.
Stanford Parlor No. 76, Native Sons of
the Golden West, will give Its "at home,"
high jinks and reception to the delegates
to the Grand Parlor that Is to meet in Sa
linas, In the banquet hall of the Native
Sons' building, on the night of Saturday,
the 22d Inst. The committee on entertain
ment has arranged a first-class pro
gramme, and refreshments will be fur
nished at all times during the evening.
For many years past this parlor has en
tertained the delegates to the Grand Par
lor, and this year it proposes to do better
than It ever did before.
Wants Her Revenge.
True to her expressed intention to have
her son-in-law. Manuel Rlvas, punished
for eloping with and marrying her daugh
ter, Inacia Torres. Wednesday, Mrs. Jua
clquina Vare.la of 270% Brannan street
swore to a warrant for his arrest in Judge
Megan's court on the charge of perjury
in swearing that the girl was 18 years of
ago. when she was only 14, last October.
The newly married couple cannot be
found.
Frightened Little Girls.
A Chinaman, who is supposed to be in
sane, created a sensation at Main and
Folsom streets last evening by chasing a
number of little girls. Special Officer
Hurley was notified and he placed the
obnoxious Chinese under arrest. Con
vinced that he is mentally deranged, Cap
tain Spillane ordered him locked up in
the Receiving Hospital, pending an ex
amination as to his sanity. .
Sutherland Files Answer.
The answer of Colonel W. J. Sutherland
to the action recently Instituted against
him by Mrs. Jennie Webber, \ .o seeks
to recover $20,000 damages for Lr each . of
promise, was filed yesterday. In his an
swer Colonel Sutherland denies that ho
ever promised to marry Mrs. Webber, and
furthermore he alleges that | she now has
a husband living. Hence he asks to be
dismissed with his costs of suit.
A Dangerous Visitor.
Alick Aulin, a visitor from Chicago,
was convicted by Judge Mogan yesterday
of carrying a concealed weapon and dis
charging firearms within the city lim
its. Tuesday night he was creating a
disturbance at Third and Mission streets
and fired three shots from a revolver at
the crowd that gathered. It took three
policemen to take him to the City Prison.
He will be sentenced to-day.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
G Garibaldi, Merced O M Beedler, Chicago
I C Lindley, Cal Miss B Hannah, 111
A Clark, Stockton C H Fanall, Stockton
J D Enright, S Cruz |W L PritcharU, Sacto
TII Green. S Rafael H T Albee, Penryn
E de Reyneer, Sanger iH R Lovett, X V
E Whipple, Decoto IE A Preble, Cal
C T Howe, Chicago F W Page, w & c, Cal
Mrs C A Osborne, X V J E Vlnlng, Hanford
Mrs S M Osborne, N TIC E Melchem & w. 111
E Vv r Lohmeyers & w, J Ross Jr. Cal
Shasta F C Putnam, Col
M L Miller. Pa W H West. Domingo
B 1* Barker, Livermore !_» Rocco, Omaha
R B Flthlan & \v, N V J Boedefeld, Colusa.
S E Heath, Wis F L Farrel. Chicago
J Klrkup, B C AH Brown, w & d,
O C Montegre, Ky j Detroit
Mrs S Denholm & s. Pa D G Bartnett, Pacheco
B J Brotherton & w, OS Hirst. Vallejo
C II Horton Jr, Boston Mrs J Craig & c, Cal
J Belidson & w, H I Miss M Henderson, Cal
C C Smith, Cal J H Moss, S Mateo
F A de Cray, S Cruz ' J C Ruddock, Ukiah
J M Shelley, Or M H Orr. Stockton
JI) Stoddard, L Ang J D Ludwig, Mariposa
<i W Crystal, Cal lR LaUsen. Stockton
J W Browning, Cal !.-Y A Smallfleld, Cal
G X Rider & w, Sacto R L Conner. Chicago
R J King, Hanford iMrs J Le Strong. Cal
J M Toplay &w, Cal Mlsa M Hall, S Jose
H A Clarke, Eureka I -.. •
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs M E Kline, L Ang'Mrs Fountain. Colo
A Fell. Buffalo Mrs L E Hunsaker. Pa
Miss Fell. Buffalo Miss G Emery, Pa
F M Bradshaw, L Ang Miss M Phillips, Pa
P B Noyes, NY C H Rathbone. Pa
R S Hornbrook. Butte A Mc Wayne, Hawaii
D P Jenkins. Stanford J B Peakes. S Cruz
C W Adams, SS Ariz JR H A Dwight, Boston
F F Barstow, S Rafael Miss L Butler, Fresno
A A Curtes, S Rafael Mrs J P Hates. Boston
L S Michelson. NY l_ C Emery, Pa
F W Thayer, Boston E E Laumore. Portlnd
J A Barton. NY G Lion. San Jose
A W Brown, NY AC Garnee, Mich
D Dlnkelsplel, NY G Fletcher. Grass Val
3- II Jenkins. NY AC Luck. Nevada
VV B Gallaher. NY CM Hunter, S Rafael
G G Mullins, L Ang Mrs Hunter. S Rafael
A Mayer, Germany F D Hawkins. Hollstr
6 Remhart, L Ang A E Caton, Chgo
J Maxwell. Oulda Mrs Caton. Chgo
Mrs J Maxwell. Oulda Mrs A Heddy, Chgo
Miss Maxwell, Oulda F Murdock, Chgo
Dr H W Carpenter, F H Armstrong, Chgo
Ouiaa Mrs McMahon. Chgo
Mrs H YV carpenter, |W H Emerson. Boston
Ouida I A L Pearse. Boston
Mrs A Bybee, Ind J B Quigley, L Ang
Mrs Niedenhofer.Butte R Parmly, N V
D H Porter, Butte L Kempff. U S N
H H Fountain. Colo I
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W C Noyle, Seattle 'H G Bouton, N V
I, Moy & w. Japan IE Brooks, Denver
<\ W Aver, Ogden Mrs B Kaulp, Colfax
F Morrell, L Gatos 7. A Campbell, lowa
J Peters, Chicago D V Herrin, lowa
L J Peck, S Jose Mrs Jelemlne, Dixon
T J Quigley, Fresno Mrs A Roberts, Cal
G Wheeler, Petaluma T H O'Brien, Panama
J Murtha, S' Cruz 'Mrs H M Smith, Sacto
= =
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, April 13.
Stmr Luella, Miller, 82 hours from Tillamook
Bay.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BOWENS LANDING— April 13— Schr
Newark, hence April 12.
COOS BAY— Sailed April 13— Stmr Areata, for
San Francisco; schr Daisy Rowe, for San Fran
cisco. '.--■•"■" ; ' ':.'•'-; ■' - '■'
SEATTLE— Arrived April 13— Stmr Czarina,
hence April 9; stmr Farallon, from Dyea.
Sailed April 13— Schr American Girl for Hono
lulu. April 12— Schr Glendale, for San Fran
cisco. „_ .
EUREKA— Arrived April 13— Stmr Westport,
hence April 11.
Sailed April 13— Stmr Hueneme and stmr
Weeott. for San Francisco; schr Emma Clau
dlna. for . .. . „,
CLALLAM. BAY— April 13— Ship Stand
ard, from Seattle, for Honolulu; bark Oakland,
from Everett, for San Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived April 13— Stmr G W El
der, hence April 11.
Sailed April 13— Stmr State of California, for
San Francisco. , -."'__
SAN DlEGO— Arrived April 13-Schr Bertha
Dolbeer, from Newport.
Sailed April 13— U S Btmr Corwin, for .
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
SOUTHAMPTON - Arrived April y — Stmr
Trace, from New York, for Bremen.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived April 13— Stmr New
England, from Boston, for Liverpool.
BALTIMORE— April 13— Stmr Dres
den, from Bremen. _
NEW YORK — Arrived April 13— Stmr I'—
conyc, Inagua, Port au Prince.
Sailed April Stmr American, for London.
ROTTERDAM— SaiIed April 13— Stmr Spaarn
dam. for New York.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. '•j'^
T., Masonic Temple, Post and Mont- 'NpfT'
gomery sts.— Regular assembly THIS Kg
(FRIDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. «W
Order of the Temple. All fraters are »
cordially invited.
SIR JOHN P. FRASER, Em. Com.
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES, Recorder.
YBRBA BUENA Lodge of : Perfection *¥?*
No. Regular meeting THIS (FRI- 1%
DAY) EVENING, April 14, at 8 &j\
o'clock. D. 4. GEO. J. HOBE. Sec. «Scffi>
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. m
M— THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING, '-'-'1 -A\_
o'clock, 3 D. By order of the W. M. jK_J_
WALTER G. ANDERSON, Sec. '▼>
SARGENT Lodge No. 368. I. O. oj_j»_Jtow.
0. P.— lnitiation u( two candl- #-;2*2i ? *S__
dates; official visit by K. C. *^yj?|®s-_r
BREUCK, G. M.. Memorial Hall, '^v/»V->
Odd Fellows' building, FRIDAY', April 14. 8
p. m. MARK NEUMANN, N. G.
GEO. "W. DIXON, Rec. Sec.
EUREKA Lodge No. 9, K. of P.— _».
Grand Chancellor CHAS. L. PATTON T«l
will visit this lodge at Pythian Castle sS_Cf_,>
on FRIDAY EVENING, April 14. _2*sJvLj
All Knights welcome. CHAS. OMAN. C. C.
CALEDONIAN CLUB— Open meeting v «■ >„
TO-NIGHT (FRIDAY), at Scottish 3S, I_»J?3
Hall, 11l Larkin st. (upper hall). "«\X!_s
Good programme. Members and *fc__7»
their friends are cordially invited to attend.
ANGUB McLEOD, Chief.
ANDREW McNAIR, Secretary.
THE Pacific Coast Marine Firemen's Union
will hold a special meeting TUESDAY May
2. for the amendment of constitution and by-
laws. By order of J. BELL,
Financial Secretary.
NOTICE Is hereby given by order of the Board
of Directors of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY that a meeting of the stockholders
of said Company has been called by said
Board, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
of June, A. D. 1899. at eleven o'clock ln the
forenoon of said day, at the principal place of
business of Bald Company, at the building
where the said Board of Directors usually
meets, namely, at the', offlce of said Company,
number 327 Market st., ln the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California; that
the object of said meeting Is to consider and
act upon the proposition that said Company
create a bonded Indebtedness of two million
five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000 00). ln
United States gold coin, for the purpose of
raising money to complete the construction
of Its steamships and their equipment, for
use in the business of this corporation, and
to purchase and pay for any other property
within the purposes of this Company; and to
eecure the bonded Indebtedness so proposed
to be created by a mortgage upon Its steam
and sailing ships and all other property of
said Company now owned or hereafter to be
acquired by said Company.
By order of the Board of Directors of the
Oceanic Steamship Company.
[Corporate Seal.] E. H. SHELDON.
Secretary . of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5520.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 66 (twenty^
five cents per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market st., on and
after Thursday, April 20th, 1599.
Transfer books will close on Friday, April
14th, 1899, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS AY A BD— M A L.E.
GERMAN second girl; good waitress and seam-
stress; country preferred;, best references
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter .-;.
GERMAN, houseglrl, 4 years last place, good
cook. $15 to $20. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
WANTED, by a middle-aged woman, a situa-
tion to do housework In a small family; will
take care of an invalid; city or country. 732
Howard st.
TWO young girls wish situations in a first-
class seaside hotel, one as waitress and the
other as chambermaid. Address M O h__-
1. Call office. ' ' " °° x
GERMAN woman wishes situation In hotel
restaurant or private family; good cook and
pastry baker; wages from $20 to $25. Address
79 Jessie st.
RESPECTABLE girl wishes posi-ToT^e^er^
housework In nice American family; waj.es
-•-''■. Call 127 Turk St. * ' w *- &es
.WOMAN wishes to go out by the day wash-
ing or housecleaning. Call at 10.". McAllister
st.. rear. ... -.>-■ £->•
GOOD girl wishes place at good or nice house-
• work; tho best reference. 333 McAllister st;
YOUNG lady wishes position as copyist' ex-
perienced; references. Address L. 11..' box
14, Call office.
-__*^&*_-,*C_-_4b_ttt__*_tsß_l_____________ 4
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
REFINED young woman wants position for
light housework; no children; small wages;
good home; references. Box 2, Call.
EXPERIENCED German girl wishes position
in small American family; city or country;
wages $15. Call 30 McAllister st.
EXPERIENCED German girl wishes situa-
t ion as maid, seamstress and chamberwork.
Apply 1022 Shotwell St.. rear, bet. 24th & 25th.
COMPETENT woman wants to assist with
housework and care of children. 1658 Market
st, near Polk. .
YOUNG woman wants washing, ironing or
cleaning by the day. Call or address 1217
Howard st. ■
WIDOW with 2 children wishes work by the
day. Address 1048 Folsom St., room 19.
COMPETENT woman wishes position to do
general housework and cooking in small
American family; reference. 1447 -_llls st.;
no postals answered. ■
COMPETENT dressmaker wishes [ a few more
engagements. 1 Vasserot place, off Geary,
near Larkin.
LADY of means wishes position as working
housekeeper; country preferred. EMPLOY -
MENT, box 1000, Call office._
GERMAN woman wishes place to do cham-
berwork In city hotel or lodging house; good
reference. 109 Jessie st.
WOMAN would like to work by the day or
week to take care of children evenings. Ap-
ply 214 Linden avenue, off Franklin st.
REFINED American lady would like position
as companion to invalid lady or grown child-
ren; no objections to traveling; best of ref-
erences. Box 973, Call office.
WANTED— By a respectable woman, position
as housekeeper or cook; city or country. Ad-
dress E.. box 58, Cotatl, Cal.
A YOUNG woman wishes to do general house-
work. Address International Hotel, room 31.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from f^rry: elevator.
SITUATIONS WAN'TED-^MALE.
A NO. 1 Swedish cook, best reference, desires
a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 310 Sut-
ter st.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grant 56.
JAPANESE emplymt offlce; help; farm hands,
domestics. ITO. 725 Geary St.; tel. Polk 12.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce;
best help. 414', O'Farrell st.; tel. East 42..
STEADY reliable American (50) wants work of
most any kind; used to horses, city driving;
generally useful in various ways; reference or
security. Address H. S., box 1, Call.
GARDENER, single, desires a position on pri-
vate place; understands greenhouses; to lay
out places; not afraid of work; best of
references. Address A. R., box 1, Call.
SITUATION wanted by an amiable and indus-
trious Japanese boy; any kind of housework,
in office, family, boarding; best references.
A. B. V., 1329 Pine st.
WANTED, by a steady young man, work of
any kind, or would like to work in machine
shop or wholesale house; has good references.
Box 993, Call.
WANTED— as coachman and gar-
dener by a single man; has good reference.
H. M.. box 39, Call.
WATCHMAKER and jeweler, 15 years' ex-
perience, desires employment; town or coun-
try; references. Address G., box 746, Call.
$5 PAY to anyone securing me position of trust
or llffht work; moderate wages but steady
position. Box 1179, Call.
JAPANESE, skillful steam launderer of 3
years' experience, wants a position in city.
M. 1., 519 Jessie st.
AN elderly man of education and business ex-
perience, speaks several languages, acquaint-
ed in California, having a limited annual in-
come, wishes a situation of minor import-
ance at small salary or on commission; coun-
try preferred; good references. Address C.
box 408, Call office, Oakland.
BEING a stranger in the city and a first-class
icecream maker, having -worked In the East
for flrst-class flrrns, I am ln quest of a job,
and am willing to work for small amount.
Direct R. M. DAYTON, Helping Hand, 643
Commercial st.
BRIGHT young business man desires position
as clerk, salesman, bookkeeper, secretary,
cashier, manager, correspondent (English,
French, German); moderate salary. J. S.,
1.1:;.. Stockton st
MAN and wife, flrst-class cook and laundress;
man useful in or out door work; hotel or
private country place preferred. W. S.,
1125V_ Mission st.
YOUNG German desires position as collector
or some light delivery wagon work; has 6
years' experience and is well acquainted all
over the city; good references. Box 994, Call.
YOUNG German gardener wishes position in
private family; city or country. Address 2102
Larkln st. ___^
YOUNG man of good habits wishes position to
take care of horses in private family; refer-
ences. Address box 925. Call offlce.
DISCHARGED soldier from Manila wants work
at anything. Address Manila, box 992, Call.
COACHMAN and groom wants situation; un-
derstands gardening; thorough with horses,
carriages, etc.; sii-gle; middle-aged; best ref-
erences. Address Box 969 Call, offlce.
SITUATION wanted by book-keeper and
thorough experienced office man; highest cre-
dentials; salary moderate at start. Box 971,
Call office.
BUTLER (Japanese) having good references,
desires position In family; kept 2 years last
place. Box 979, Call offlce.
WANTED— By reliable and steady young man,
a position as night watchman; best of refer-
ences; 3 years last place. Box 952, Call office.
JAPANESE man wants position; who wants a
strong and good houseworker or washing? if
any, try me. Address Box 970, Call offlce.
ELECTRIC light and power operator and en-
gineer (late of the Union Light and Power
Company, Ogden, Utah), is open for an en-
gagement. Address LOUIS B. GORDON, 1757
Howard st.
WANTED— Position as cook; wife to man-
age mining company boarding house or to
run same on. other proposition; references.
Box 964. Call.
HELP "WANTED— FEMALE.
WORKING housekeeper, $15. M_SS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
WORKING housekeeper, $10 per month. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
SECOND girl; sleep home; $15. MISS CUL-
I.EN. 325 Butter st.
COOK, summer resort. $30; Mill Valley; see
gentleman here. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
GERMAN or Swiss girl, housework, Sonoma
County, $25: housework girl, Alameda. $25;
12 housework girls, city and country, $2" and
$25: 6 young girls, assist, $10 io $13. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
2 PLAIN iron-rs, Red Bluff. MISS CULLEN
325 Sutter st.
NURSE, 1 child, 3 years, $12; sleep home
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, $20, sleep home; 3 second girls
$20 and $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. '
NEAT young girl, bakery, $10 per month"
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. '■'■•"'«•
12 WAITRESSES and chambermaids, $20 and
$25, hotels, city and country. MISS CULLEN
335 Sutter st. ■■"»«.
2 yy^^J-y'P' l " : chambermaid, $15.. MISS
cu_,__i_,_s, 32. Sutter st.
C R. HANSEN & CO -Phone Grant 185
1- waitresses for different springs and re-
sorts; 10 waitresses, different country hotels.
$20; waitress for springs (one who can play
piccolo, flute or violin). $85; waitress and
chambermaid, mountain hotel, $20 each' wait-
ress, south, <>. fare here, see party la a. '„..-
-f, waitresses ci i *I- ,20: 2 lunch and dinner
waitresses, $80; 2 chambermaids to wait $20
............. : FAMILY ORDERS '.
Managing housekeeper, private family, $25;
S t C o a , re . 0 "f *?-&■ 25: housegirls, Pacific
Grove $80, A - t „* OC -- **■''• and a K rea t many for
City, $1.. to $30. C. If. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
CHAMBERMAID and waitress, country ho-
tel -, $20; waitress, resort, $20; 2 chambermaids
and waitresses, same hotel, $20 each; cham-
bermaid, wait 1 meal, city. $20; cook for re-
sort. $40; waitress, institution. $20 and others.
J. I-. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
PROTESTANT nurse and sewing, $20; 4 cooks
German style, with and without washing $25
and $30; waitress and parlormaid. $25; girls
for cooking and housework In city and coun-
try, $20 and $25. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316
Sutter st.
cook, no wash, 3 in family, a short distance
*•-••; see lady here at la o'clock to-day. J F.
CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
IIorsEOIRL. American famflv of 3, $23-2
cooks, $30 and $23: _ second girls, $20 and $*_•
cook. Belvedere. $25; houseglrl, Alameda, $20 :
Ai'Vi.., -,'!', 0.-. " ' S >' oun F" ■* - $15 to $20.'
MISS NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
25 YOUNG girls for general housework, wages
$20 $25; also a number of young girls to as-
m.&'t.lt ■,''■"• ~ cU - German cooks, wages $30.
MISS DILLON, 315 Sutter st. ; phone Main 804.
3 COOKS. $25; ' chambermaid, $20; waitress $20-
- efi . l£aSr, „a $15 ' «*-««"■ MRs:
EXPERIENCED operators on waists- in fac-
Jlin^y^TZ " h ° me - *EWBAUE C R
HELP WANTED— Continued.
WANTED— Companionable woman for very
light housework and sewing; one in family.
2950 Twenty-fourth st.
STEADY work for finishers and apprentices on
custom pants, and apprentices on custom
coats. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on tailor-made
garments; high wages. RATNEE CLOAK
CO., 1028 Market st.
GIRL typesetter. 316 California St.. room 20. '
YOUNG girl for housework. 1930 Pine st.
WANTED— Neat girl for housework; wages $12.
1269 McAllister St. '
EXPERIENCED nurse desires engagements;
terms moderate. Box 6, Call offlce. ;
WANTED— to assist in light housework.
Apply at 172S Eddy st.
GOOD ironers at St. Nicholas Laundry, Seven-
teenth and Folsom sts^
FINISHERS on custom coats; steady work.
106 Battery st.
WAITRESS. Apply 448 Third st. _
YOUNG girl for light housework. Call after
9 o'clock, 223 Fourteenth st. •
YOUNG lady for retoucning and otherwise ac-
quainted with photograph work. Call at __J
Kearny st., room 15, third floor.
4 LADY" canvas.- $10 to $13 per week.
Lower floor, 631 Golden Gate aye.
BOOKKEEPER to write up a set of books;
good penmanship necessary. Box 991, Call.
EXPERIENCED hands for fancy neckwear to
work in factory. 523 Market St.. room 8.
FIRST-CLASS hairdresser wanted; also a man-
icurist 240 Stockton st, near Post.
OPERATOR on pants; also finishers. S. N.
WOOD & CO.. Powell and Eddy sts.
OPERATORS on overshirts and underwear.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. ;li;c. Fremont st.
■—_———»— i_— --— — — — ~— ~" ~***~**~~~^
HELP WANTED — MALE.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5843
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Carpenter for a large lumber company.. s3 day
harness maker for ranch ranch carpenter
blacksmith helper, ranch •• • •
->. blacksmith, country shop
milker Santa Clara County $30 and found
milker and farm hand $30 and found
2 milkers, north, $25, fare paid; 6 milkers.
$23 and found ••• -••- •
butter maker, run separator — $25 and found
farm hand. Contra Costa Co $25 and found
4 choremen for ranches, $20 and found; 5
vineyard hands, $20 and found: 10 ranch
hands, etc.; boy for butcher shop. $5 week;
woodchoppers; tiemakers, coal miners; chore
boys for ranches; 10 laborers, pick, and shovel
work; 4 scraper teamsters, city work. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
COOK, small hotel at the mines. $30 and found;
saloon porter, city; porter and runner, coun-
try hotel: polisher, country laundry, $50;
ironer, $30; cooks, city and country; 3 wait-
ers, $25 and found; 8 dishwashers, city and
country. $15 to $20 and found. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. Phone Grant ISS
Laborers coast road free fare
teamsters coast road free fare
2 carpenters coast road free fare
Painter and paperhanger, .$3O and found;
blacksmith's helper, $25 and found; wood
choppers; tlemakers; quarrymen; laborers;
farmers and milkers.
French second cook, hotel, $50; waffleman,
country hotel, $35 and free fare; broiler, $10
a week; fry cook, $10 a week; second cook,
mine boarding house, $35; neat hotel waiter,
$33; dishwasher, institution, $17 50.
Kitchen hand, springs, $25; barber, springs;
bootblack, young boy or man, see party
here. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
■ ■ ■
WANTED— 3 drift gravel miners for Calaveras
County, $2 50 day; 4 quartz miners, $2 day
and board. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Farmer and wife, $40; 3 black-
smiths, $52 and $54; boy to drive milk wagon,
$20 and found and commission; laborers, $1 75
day; farmers; choremen and others. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 623 Sacramento st.
■ 1 r- — .
WANTED— Cook and wife for resort, $60; 2
ranch cooks, $15: porter, $20; night waiter,
$9 week; and others. Apply to J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— to milk 8-10 cows and do
chores, $25 per month and board; 10 men
about railroad and mill, $20 and board; wood-
choppers, tiemakers, farm hands, milkers and
others. W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay St.
COACHMAN. $30 per month. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
DISHWASHER. $20 per month. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st. .
3 WAITERS, country hotel, $25; steady Job
HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny.
6 BARBERS for country and city, fare paid-
flrst-class wages. Apply H. BERNARD, 104
Seventh St.
TAILORS— Coat and pants makers wanted for
the country. Apply to STEIN, SIMON & CO.,
Market and Second sts.
COOK, all-around man, for town near city.
Apply before 9 this morning, 60 Third St.,
room 19.
COATMAKER for the country. Apply to J.
BAUMGARTEN & CO., 7 Montgomery st.
WANTED— Barber. 54 Third st. : steady.
GOOD barber wanted; steady Job; country.
Apply S7l Market st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; steady If
suitable. 605 Mission st
BARBER wanted for the country'; neat young
man. Apply 1291 Folsom st. "
GOOD barber for Friday, Saturday and Sun-
day. or steady. 1073 Market st., near 7th.
BARBER wanted for Saturday. 407 Bush st.
FIRST-CLASS eoatmaker. JOHN 907
Market st.
WANTED— bread, baker; able to work on
bread. 1139 Folsom st.
TWO good painters wanted. 5 Front st.
WANTED— eoatmaker; good wages.
Room 115, Phelan building.
PANTSMAKER to take work out; steady work.
106 Battery st.
WANTED— Solicitors with Al references. Ad-
dress box 1425. Call office.^
WANTED— Good waiter; call early. 1024 Hyde
street.
MAN who can do paper hanging cheap. 342
Kearny st.
SHOEMAKER on repairing: call early; bring
tools. 641 Post St.. cor. Jones.
TAILOR an.l bushelman. 2819 Greenwich St.,
near Presidio.
WANTED Shoemaker; steady work on repair-
ing. 9591- Mission st.
TAILORS wanted— l want _ tailors, 1 bushel-
man, 1 eoatmaker: sober steady men can find
lots of work and make good wages: eoatmaker
to work by piece and bushelman by week.
Write for particulars to box 294. Colusa, Cal.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps; United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 33
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declare, their in-
tention to become such; must be of good
character and habits and able to speak, read
and write English, and be between 5 feet 5
inches and 6 feet in height. For further In-
formation apply at the Recruiting Office, 4i)
Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— sensible man in Al business;
small capital required. 917 Market, room" 2.'
SHOEMAKER on first-class repairing; steady
work; come early. 2140 Fillmore st.
BOAT builders. 718 Third st.
YOUNG men to go to sea, good wages, at
HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
SOBER man for saloon; $10 per week, board
and room; must loan $250 to proprietor; good
security; no experience. Address or call at
1940 Market St.
TO go this week— 2oo pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from sue to $1 50; new shoes
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission st.
bet. Ist and 2d sts.; open 5 a. m. to 9 d. m.
HARNESS-MAKERS wanted. MAIN & WIN-
CHESTER, 214 Battery st
150 MEN to take best single room, 15c night- $1
week; "France House." 149 3d st., and "Oak-
land House," 661 »_ Howard st.; reading-room. .
GET your _£*_ half-soled while waiting, Sic to
50c. ..112 Mission st., between Ist and -2d sts.
WANTED— for Hawaiian Islands. Ma-
niln. Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE, Shtp-
plng Agent, 504-506 Davis St.
BARBER'S Progressive Union; free employ-
m t. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
SAILORS for Honolulu, coast. Australia and
coast at HERMAN'S. 86 Steuart st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Union Free Employ-
ment Bureau. 1125 Market st. W. J. BRIDE-
_g__V. Secretary.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
bus and baggage to ar.d from the ferry.
HOBSON House. 417 Kearny— Rooms from 250
to V; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
Barber College. 138 Eighth st.
SINGLE sunny furnished room. $2 50 a month.
_ Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sts. 'HEI P WA-NTED— Continued.
.-T ."vtV*P— Men to learn the barber trade;
.. ..-ittV rafs cr percentage terms. 1.42 Mkt.
" _...^ .flj^j calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
'".',' ,vi':.-g. SJc; only one price. .23 Howard st.
_Tv f" LE ' rooms, 15c, "oc. 25c per night; 73c, $1
•" ', "V; ;'ft wk. Elcho House. 563% Market st.
v i v TED— To collect wages due laborers and
, '.■",->: s" Kncx Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
-, • Acme House. 957 Market st. below Sixth,
" ,'.'- „ .. n-.: -*c a night: $'. a Week.
AGENTS WASTED.
GENERAL agent— "Life of Admiral Dew-
P v • :ir:.i -America's New Possessions"; su-
.'. rt.'v illustrated: sample, 23c, stumps or
atalogue free. F. TENNYSON NEELY,
HI Fifth aye.. New York.
-. thing yet; big profits: don't let this
Room 14, 606 Montgomery St.
r women to canvass homes with well
mlsed special shoes for women's comfort;
:• sellers; quick returns. "UNA," 7 Tem-
place. Boston. Mass.
"i:Y to sell Leather Lustre; best seller
-ample postpaid. 25c. J. Brown, 332 Bush.
s ladles or gents, can make from $3
i day. Apply at Call office. ■
IlOtsKS WANTED.'
v -. rED—For four months; furnished flat" or
: three cr four rooms; rent reason-
a Idresa 508 California st.. room 42. ■
ROOMS WASTED.
se of nn unfurnished room a lady will
teach elocution or English branches. Address
C -.'.'. offlce.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
VLSHEP room for single gent. nearißus-
, , -. Hill; view of the bay. Address BEE
■ • ; ■. v st.
FURNITURE W ANTEIL
j . • MFTHER, 652 Market st.. pays highest
ca«)'. price for furniture, croc. etc
-Aj~— - :- . ] !
H V* 1 I'D— MISCELLANEOUS.
rjYi v -)■ :-.;•»- -Cyclone camera for mandolin or
... MOSELEY. care SERGEANT
HUGHES. Casual Detachment, Presidio.
« 'ED A second-hand hair picker. Apply
.Pi . IUS Howard st., nr. 7th.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
t 'UI.nRI-N'S EYES.
-air. off young, tender, developing
thus giving the child better health and
eyes for after ITS. GEO. MAY-
i. '*.!". G«rman Expert Optician, Charter
■ . ,r American Association of Opticians,
'. Market st.. San Francisco.
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
rases cf monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
tt ar.;- time when others have failed; travel-
ers htlp.d instantly and can return home the
(.me •_;_>•; nc Instruments used: cure at offlce,
$.*>; heme In confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
_u:t:r.g the doctor, free, before going else-
wbeYe. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post st. bet.
Hyde and trkln; hours. 10 to 5 and 7 to S
p "jn.; Sunday; 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
A SUTiE. safe ar.d speedy cure for all female
diseases; all these who are sick or dlscour-
EP.d should call on the doctor and state their
esse before going elsewhere; they will find In
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy cf a home; consultation free and ab-
solutely confidential; satisfaction guaranteed,
without Injury to health, or money refunded.
by MB? DR. GWYER 510 Eddy st., bet.
Hyde ar.d Larkln: office hours. 10 to 12, 2 to 4
end T t 5. Sundays I■> appointment only.
)-v-t NSY WAFERS, the world's fam-
rr.edy for irregular and painful periods
s . are never falling and safe; rejuv-
le system; brighten the eyes; restore
and beauty to the faded: French
Tansy Wafers are the only reliable female
edy in -the world: Imported from Paris;
tat-;'- nothing else from druggists, but insist
- thi genuine: ln red wrappers with crown
-:.. If you cannot get the genu-
.er.d $2 to us direct. LA FRANCE
; . _ CO.; importers, 306 Turk Si . S. F.
All. ladies— C only Dr. an i Mrs. M. Davles, ■
true friends of ail Invalids, men and women; 1
:• years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
ar.tted: any disease or irregularity; disgrace
tvclded; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
thcufh else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
r- _,; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
.. sent; call or write; free; confl-
tf.'r.tial MRS. M. DAVIES. 122S Market st.
pills 11; very Strong, $2.
A SEW process for female trouble, no matter
'' m what cause and how long standing;
..ery woman her own physician; can be sent
_afe and jure; no medicines or instruments
used: consultation tree; traveling parties
helped Instantly and safe treatment guaran-
teed; cure, $5: by the well-known specialists
end ladies' physician.' for 37 years; see us.
DR POPPER and DRS., 31S Kearny st.
A TREATMENT ... restores Instantly all
i »ses of monthly irregularities from whatever ■
■ i ise; positively no in.-truments used; guar-
inteed cure at office, $5: travelers helped in-
tantly; consultation free and confidential;
home for patients: comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st.. between
v i son and Taylor; hours, 9 to 6, 7 to S p. m.
A-DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irreguiarl-
*'.-s. from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
trt-ated successfully more cases of Irreguiari-
ties •--.an any other physician; never fails to
cure: consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
V free. Call or write. 1023^ Market st.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
Litest methods; strict septic precautions;
ladies near or far see DRS, GOODWIN free:
w.Il known, reliable, safe and sure; cure In
U .hours guaranteed: any time: maternity
hcrrie; best medical attendance: pills, $1: cure.
$5. 1262 Market, bet. 7th-Sth; tel ward 424.
DR~and MRS. WEGENER. 131_ Golden Gate
_.ye. — Private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attention: terms mod-
erate; regular physician ln attendance; con-
mltatlcn free: Infants adopted Into good
hemes; call before insulting others.
LP.. WONG WOO. herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium. 764-7C6 Clay st.. San Fran-
ctFi-o; all diseases cured exclusively by Chl-
r.-he herbs; over 3000 varieties being used;
fc'vlce free; hours 9:30 to 11 a. rr... 1 to 3 and
I to I p. m.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro," the great-
est been to them. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay
ft.; (] 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
Furo Mfg. Co.. £31 X st., Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAITS French pills, a boon to ladies with
>T7.iie troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
• xrrf<.Fod C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
DR. ar.d Mrs. Wise, 111S Market st— lnstant re-
lief fcr monthly troubles or money back; $5 up.
PRIVATE home In confinement; best refs.;
154{ '_ Howard; Mrs. M. Wiedemann, midwife.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
ease* of the human body. 115 Mason st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 r-'.-ges, ln wrappers for mailing. II per year.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
iaylng, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol.. min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL — Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSINESS — Bookkeeping, business practice,
fhorthand, typing, languages. English: 24
teachers, day -and evening: catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
v LL-MILLEI college; shorthand, typing;
individual Instruction; new typewriters; book-
keeping: rapidity at figures by noted expert
Mr. Tarr; day, eve. Rms. 572-6 Parrott bldg.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
fhorthand typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy.
penmanship. English branches, etc.; life
scholarship. $50: low rates per week and COO.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: sunny rooms; low rates; day.
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
I.EGE. 12G6 Market st.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, rr.ech. survey, assay, archl. ; day & eve. ;
est. 1864. VAN ER NAILLEN, 981 Market.
LAW Schools. 927 Market. S. F.. and 906 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
FRENCH. Spanish, etc. Prof] De Fiiippe's
Academy of Languages. 320 Post _ ablest profs.
LOST.
LOST— A passbook- with The Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of OLIVIA A. MACKLIN, No. 231-689.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— 'A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of JOHN N. WHYTLAW; No. 116-082.
The finder will please turn to bank.
LOST or strayed— Sorrel mare, silver mane and
tall, weight 1050, attached to black business
buggy. Please return to Olympic Club Stable
and receive reward.
LOST— Reward; lady's gold watch, chain and
ornament, near Van Ness aye. and Vallejo
st. Return DR. JONES, SO3 Sutter, mornings.
LOST— Pocketbook nn Ellis or O'Farrell st.
bet. Powell and Mason, containing bills and
bill of sale. Reward at 72-> Third^st j
STOLEN from corriw Howard ar.d Seventh—
.Gray horse and yellow rig. Return 814 Mis-
sion st.
LOST— Large dark fawn greyhound dog. Re-
• ...w;_rd at r.fldS Twenty-third st.
TO^IjEASE. j
'TO* lease— Boarding house. ' fleld ' Santa
• Clara Co. Apply F. BORMAMNi MayQeld.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A 7^°^ : , ME. -HAN!. hotel, close to " "iron
foundries and factories: kept by owner the
last 6 years, clearing above $300 per month;
_L ? on - s: kitchen; good paying bar. etc.;
new a years lease: always ZOO or more steady
hoarders; Investigate at once; a genuine bar-
_ ga"t.*aCalliß_.O.^WTLKE.*yrm. S, 906 Market
A t*_S?_ BRANCH bakery, with 3 nice living
_?,..? : choicest location in the Mission; rent
l 0"' inquire R. G. WILKE, rm. 8,906 Market.
A r**V"« : SALOON In Western Addition;
f-int hxutres;'club and ladles' rooms; side en-
irance; doing a «rst-class paying business;
__en±_m. Call WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— s2so; HOME cooking parlor and delicacy
store on Larkln St.; worth $400; great sacrl-
f-ce. R. G. WILKE. '.Hi. Market st.
A— s4oo; CARPET cleaning ' and upholstering
business in lively city 30 miles from San
"ranclscc. clearing about $100 -per month; a
c_-" ■ass investment.. R. G. WILKE. room
S. 906 Market st.
A 7*V* MONEY-MAKING offer; thousands of
dollars In sight: patent right for the U. S. on
bINGLETREE for protection of trees; every
rarmer of fruit grower needs them; small
cost of manufacturing. Particulars of It G.
WILKE, 9C6 Market st., on. 6.
WE buy, sell or exchange businesses of any
kind. STRAND & CO., IC27M. Market st,
above Sixth.
$175 — DELICATESSEN store: flne stand; 3
rooms: cheap rent. STRAND & CO.. 1027 _.
Market st.
$350 — CIGAR and variety store: 4 rooms; fur-
nished; a snap. STRAND & CO.. 1027% Mar-
ket st.
$650— SALOON, opposite Oakland ferry; sick-
ness cause of sale. STRAND & CO., Ic27' .
Market st.
$4000 — ROAD house; includes valuable property;
a. fortune. STRAND & CO., 1027 M. Market st.
$1500— PLANING mill; best paying on the coast;
full value. STRAND & CO., 1027% Marl st.
$250— PARTNER wanted in old-establTshed
business: * 111 clear $75 month to each yearly;
no experience necessary, STRAND & CO.,
1027% Market st.
$200— SALOON ; 2 rooms; rent $15; pays well.
STRAND & CO, 1027% Market st above 6th.
$500— THOROUGHLY llvTman wanted as part-
::er in first-class legitimate business; no night
work. S. H. GOULD & CO.. 632 Market st.
FINE house In country*. 40 acres highly culti-
vated land; ten acres fruit; house, barn; no
incumbrance; will trade for large rooming
house. S. H. GOULD & CO., 632 Market st.
A— s7oo; GOOD practical man wanted as part-
ner ln old-established well-paying butcher
business. S. H. GOULD & CO., 632 Market.
$600— SALOON on city front, near Market and 1
East sts.; large stock; fine fixtures; big trail- ;
sient and regular trade; business improving j
dally; 3 rooms; rent $35; look into this. M.
LESS. 765 Market St., opp. Phelan building. j
CALL and see our list of hotels, saloons. gro-
ceries, a fine-paying bakery, all established; i
ranches, country merchandise stores, station- I
cry stores, cigar stands for sale and exchange:
parties wishing to make quick sales will call
at our offlce. EITEL & CO.. 1016 Market st.
$225— BRANCH bakery, produce Btore; ell this
day. COWING & CO.. 995 Market st.
RESTAURANT— A bargain to-day, account of
sickness. COWING & CO., 996 Market st.
A— slso; PARTNER wanted; established basi-
ness; $12 to $18 a week; trial given. WEST
. ERN INVESTMENT CO.. 9 Geary st.
FOR sale or rent— An old-established brewery
in prosperous country town; complete outfit j
for business. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Mkt.
DRESSMAKING parlors on Sutter st. ; paying
business. Apply to DECKER, 1020 Market.
A— TO buy or sell your business quick for I
cash apply to MOON & CO., 10084 Market st. j
$125— BRANCH bakery: a nice place; living
rooms; cheap rent. JONES & CO., 865 Market. 1
$ISOO— FIRST-CLASS manufacturing establish-
ment, doing a good business; owners wish
to retire on account of other investments. Box 1
963. Call office.
HAVE from $3000 to $5000 to Invest in some j
manufacturing enterprise If suitable. Ad-
dress A. K. box 1000, Call office.
PARTNER— Reliable man with small capital
for well paying business; trial. 41 Third St.,
room 5.
$175— OYSTER and chop house; flne location;
ni»-e business. 307 Grant aye.
FIRST-CLASS barber shop. 4 chairs, cheap on
account of sickness. Apply Call office.
GOOD business man can secure an interest in
established paying business; capital required
$2*.t>o; salaried position: references and in-
vestigation. Box 990, Call.
BUSINESS man with $5000 and services to in- j
vest may secure secretaryship of established
corporation. Box 987, Call.
WANTED — Gentleman to manage good-paying
business; little capital required. Box 959, Call.
SALOON for sale in good location. Inquire at
656 Third st
2-CHAI barber shop for sale; doing good
business. 621 Sacramento St..
GENERAL merchandise store In lively mining
town, regular monthly customers; a bargain.
Address box i<7_. Call offlce.
ROUTE on this paper for sale. Apply this
office.
DELICACY and grocery. $400; 2 groceries, $600
and $1300. Apply at 133*!_ Fair Oaks st.
$500— PARTNER wanted In pigeon raising;
large profits; Investigate. Box 770. Call offlce.
SALOON and shooting gallery; make offer: 443
Dupont sL ; trial given. Inquire afternoon 13
Sixth st.
SALOON for sale. _0 Jackson st, bet. Davis
and Drumm.
$1200; WORTH $2Coo— Saloon and chophouse and
cigar stand: buyer can clear it in 2 months; |
full Investigation before buying; owner has i
to leave State; no agents wanted. Apply |
Call office.
$CCO— OLD-ESTABLISHED market in Mission;
present owner there 10 years. Box ,89, Call.
FOR sale on account of sickness, florist and
nursery stock, greenhouse and heating ap-
paratus, doing business of $15 to $25 a day, or
will exchange for real estate across the bay.
Apply 600 Halght st
JOHN REDLEY"— Leaving for Europe, desires
to sell his tailoring business. Including stock
and good will. 340 Third et.
COFFEE and tea routes ..plied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
$250— NEW furniture, 6-room flat and bath,
downtown.
It rooms: on O'Farrell st $350
17-room house; large yard; downtown 400
15 rooms: clears $100; only 300
12 rooms; exchange for larger house 600
22 rooms; sunny corner 1200 |
14-room house on Van Ness 350]
64-room house; clears $800; payments SO'K)
21-room house on Van Ness aye 1600
16-room house; clears $100 30)
15-room house; central; $100 cash 300 ,
80 rooms; rent $90; on Mission st 1300
64-room house: clears $300 1800
17 rooms; on Sixth st 450
2t room house: new- furniture rBO
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE call,
on H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. 3th.
A— KREDO * CO 22*4 Geary st.
Money Advanced on All Houses.
54 root best corner Fourth st $2400
28 rooms; Market st; best In city laoo
24 rooms; Geary st. ; near Plaza 800
2ti rooms; best block Eddy st; a snap 900
10 rooms; O'Farrell st. ; clears (80 300 1
A few "special bargains. Call early. KREDO.
LEGANTLY furn. flat; centrally locat- ;
ed; 2 rms. pay rent. Kredo & Co., 22'_ Geary.
20 ROOMS; rent $60; must sell 1550
. 21 rooms; rent $45; new; $600 cash 1200 1
40 rooms; rent $-4; money maker 800 |
120 rooms; rent $110; good location 2500
MANY OTHER GOOD BARGAINS. GET
LIST. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 MARKET ST.
LODGING-HOUSE 16 rooms. $250; '■'■''< rooms,
$500; 2"! rooms. $800; 38 rooms, $1500; 100 other
bargains. NAT. AGENCY, 7 Grant aye.
FURNISHED boarding house: 12 room-; Aia- |
meda Point shipyard. Apply at 71S Third St.,
San Francisco. "■-■■'■■•*'
$900—25 ROOMS: always occupied; furniture
good order: compulsory sale; returning to l
France. 331% Bush St.
9-ROOM house: furniture In good order; will
sell reasonable. 276 Minna st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 80. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-11 .1 Market.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at law; |
Cth floor. Chronicle building; no advance •
.charges; estates, mortgages, damages, at-
tachments, bankruptcy, all canes; wills, con- |
tracts, etc., drawn; mod. fees; call or write. I
ADVICE free; no advance charges', estates, |
damages, attachments, wills, contracts: all
cases private. J. B. EVANS. 14 McAllister j
St., room 64, next Hibernia Bank.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; privte; ]
no fee without success; collections. O. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 830 Market, cor. Stocktn.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckeis building. 927
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH. prop.
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25!
FIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co
Offlce, 401 Post st. cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
ing, advance, etc. 735 Market; teL Black 311.
THE SAN FKAKCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 14, 1899.
PERSONALS.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market st., bet. 7th and Sth.
ALL persons having claims against store 533
Pine (formerly A. RIVERA) present same
before April 17, or will not be acted upon by
P. DEMATTEI. Proprietor.
DETECTIVE work in all legitimate branches
carefully attended to by an experienced de-
tective; exceptional references: correspond-
ence solicited. Call or address Commercial
Detective Agency. 272 Valencia st.
LEDERER'S Qulncnla, a perfect hair dressing;
makes It glossy; cleans the scalp; 35c bot
Foamo Shampoo. 5c pkg. G. Lederer, 123 Stktn.
LEDERER, the popular hairdresser, charges
but 25c. Just received, a magnificent line of j
hair ornaments and side combs; offers them
at very small prices. 123 Stockton st.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st. Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
IN divorce matters will give full information
free: strictly confidential. Eox 831. Call.
SHAHHORO & CO., grocers, formerly of 531
Washington, have removed to 621 Montgy. St.
AUGUSTA LEOLA, 2326 Mission St.. near 20th'
—Greatest fortune teller in the world; gives
luck. love and magic charms; also teaches
fortune telling; fee, $1 and upward.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;'
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; no electricity
or strong medicines; treatment simple and
effective. 1128 Sutter st. MRS. CLAYTON.
WANTED— OId gold and silver for manufac-
turing. O. NOI>TE. Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell st.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices; I
$1 a week. N.Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
CITY OF PARIS laundry removed from 119
Stockton st. to 331 Geary. MME. JAUSSAUD. ,
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no in-
jeetlon;guarntd.Dr.Gordln,sl4 Pine. ab.Kearny
FOLDING beds $8 50; bedrm sets $8: bed loung-
es $4 50; open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN, 121 6th.
A— Ladles' or gent's clothing, furniture. bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st.
BERWIN _ GASSNER, furriers, formerly on
Post st, removed to store 110 Kearny st.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
DRESSMAKERS.
SILK or cloth dresses made. $5 up! dresses made
over; perfect fit ■", Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader: medical clairvoyant: treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings. $1. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. SOPHIA BEIP, spirit Beer. 1724 Market i
et., near Polk; counsel, 50c; by letter, 5t.-.
meetings every night, 10c.
C V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance, '
8 p. m., 25c. 409 Leavenworth st
MRS. MENA FRANCES. Independent slate ]
writing medium. lis Halght st. '. % |
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all: Tues.-Fri.. 2 p. m. ; !
Mon.. 8; 25c; sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an offlce at 315 O'Farrell. '
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED IN SAN FRAN-
CISCO.
AT 1023 . MARKET STREET,
BETWEEN SIXTH AND SEVENTH.
While entranced gives aid and advice
which will overcome your enemies, remove |
family troubles, restore lost affections, make I
marriage with the one you love no failure, re- j
move influence, bad habits: will give correct I
information on lawsuit- sickness, death, di- j
vorces, absent friends. etc.
N. B. — Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by :
mail. Send stamp for circular, with special
terms.
To MRS. DR F. CLARK.
102JH Market street, San Francisco.
ARRIVAL EXTRAORDINARY.
GOOD NEWS FOR ALL.
MME. E. CURLEY
Has permanently located at 337 Geary st.,
between Powell and Mason. Her success as a
medium has startled the entire world. Her
power is acknowledged by press and public to
be of the highest order. site advises you to a
certainty by a higher than human power.
Her parlors are thronged by anxious people
looking for important information, and every
reply Is most gratifying: all are pleased.
Without a question si: tells each caller their
name and for what they came. She gives
advice on business, speculation, lawsuit old
estates, Jove, courtship and marriage — ev,«_y-
thing. The unfortunate and troubled should
seek her counsel and start aright. Positively
no attention paid to letter unless $1 accom-
panies. 9 a. m. to 8:30 p. m.
MME. PORTER , wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec- .
ond Eight; diagnoses disease; full life read-
ing; ladies, 50c; gents, $1; sit. $150. 126 Turk.
MME. LENEMAR. 34 Sixth st. Fortunes by
planets; predicted in '74 overdue stmr. Gould.
MISS ALICE FAURE, card reader and palmist.
405 Kearny st; room 34; French and German
spoken.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets, 28 Sixth st. rooms 2-3.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 2."- 153'_ "th. r. 21.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 1083 Mission
St., downstairs.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, palmist and card
reader. 110 A Geary St., rooms 1 and 2.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 2"c up. 5 Fourth st
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist.
218 Kearny St.. rooms 9 and 10. *>.
YOUR fortune told by cards; 25c up; no sign.
627*4 Post St :
MME. MOREAU, the hest fortune teller; 25c
up; tests free. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. HAYS returned; card reader and mag-
netlst 207 Powell st., rooms 5 and 6.
RETURNED— EDNA V. GRANT, clairvoyant
and palmist 120 Ellis st, parlors 6 and 7.
BLANCHE HE CHAPELLE— Clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush St.. rooms 9 and 10.
MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission st.; clairvoyant
and palmist: truth or no pay: 25c.
MME SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
PALMISTRY.
MME NEERGAARD. pupil Count St. Ger-
malne. 33SS Twenty-first st., above Valencia;
tel. White 1571: reading by mall. 81.
SI PL K F LUPUS HAIR-
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH. 2115 Bush
St.: 15 years' experience; references given.
HORSES.
ROAD horses, carriage an^ draught teams: all
kinds of business horses for sale. CHASE &
MENDENHALL'B sale yard. 1732 Market st.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons,, buggies,
carts harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
FT* LLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
■ i —
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FOR sal« — A fine new wagon, suitable for
wholesale or business house. To be seen at
3501 Mission st, corner Cortland aye.
FINE laundry', lakers', milk wagons: 3 bug-
gies; 2 extra fine delivery wag. 828 Harrison.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. MC-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
FOR sale cheap— double-barreled 12-bore
shotgun. 132 Sixth st.
FOR sale— Fine rosewood large-sized Regina
music box and records. 714 McAllister st.
BARS, back liars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum office furniture, store and offlce fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand.
J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth. •
BARGAIN 1 H. I' Golden Gate gas engine,
almost new. See EPSTEIN. 648 Mission st
ONE 15 H. P gasoline engine ln fine condition;
cheap. H. S. WHITE. 514-516-518 Mission st.
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN _ BURKE, 139 Real..- St.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
DOMESTIC sewing machine; good condition;.
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission st., near 15th.
PULLEYS covered by pat. leather prevent slip-
page; saves power. Cal. Belt Co.. 619 Mission.
SAFES— AII sizes new and second hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento St.
GASOLINE engines— l horsepower. $100: 2. $125;
3. $150; 4. $175. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission st.
POl 1 PHONE. $35: attachment (only). $15; will
fit phono or graphophone. Bacigalupl, 933 Mkt.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second hand; all
sizes; halt original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
HOUSES TO LET.
MODERN S-room house for 1 year, furnished
or unfurnished: garden, fruits, berries; 1 hour ;
from city. 115 Hayes St., third house to right,
end of Piedmont line, toward springs.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of houses from BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
SUNNY' house. 6 rooms; bath; newly painted,
papered. 220 Ash aye., between Van Ness aye.
and Franklin. Apply 623 Golden Gate aye.
TWENTIETH. 3550. between Valencia and Mis-
sion— 6 rooms and bath; sunny and excellent
order.
$25— MODERN house of 6 rooms, bath, alcove,
laundry and basement 1703 Jackson st.
2 FRONT rooms, 2 closets; rents $5. 2S2H
Natoma st, near Fourth.
7 ROOMS. $25: 10 rooms, $35; baths, laundries,
gardens. in thorough repair; in Mission warm
belt. DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Park aye., off
Twelfth st.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
BEAUTIFUL sunny cor. house, modern. 7 rms.,
bath; $30. 899 Noe, near Castro; water free.
BEAUTIFUL furnished 6-room flat to rent; all
conveniences. 5248 Capp 6t.
FURNISHED S-room cottage; piano; large
yard; to rent whole or part. 2237 Jackson st.
FURNISHED house to let— Eight large sunny
rooms; modern Improvements; large yard.
Apply on premises. 685 Guerrero st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY cottages, 5 rooms, bath, basement;
also flat, 6 rooms, bath; cheap. 1876 Fifteenth
st., near Dolores.
COTTAGE and house of 6 rooms, bath and
basement; rent $21. 1910 Eddy st.
FOLSOM, 2326— Cottage, 7 rooms, bath; large
yard; rent $20.
NICE sunny cottage. 4 rooms; rent $12 to good
tenant. 445 Fifth st. near Bryant. •
"flats TO LET.
CLAYTON, 872, south of Frederick—
sunny flat: 5 rooms; bath; cheap.
EDDY, 1307 6 rooms; bath; all modern im-
provements: rent $22, water free.
ELEGANT flat, 6 rooms and bath; modern Im-
provements. 1002 Sacramento st, between
Powell and Mason.
LOWER corner flat, 5 rooms, bath; sunny; $16;
in good condition. Filbert and Jones sts.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of flats from BALDWIN &
HOWELL. in Montgomery st.
TWENTY-THIRD, 4073, near Castro— Upper
sunny 5 rooms; $15.
597 Noe st., corner Nineteenth: upper 5
rooms- $17.
4 ROOMS, bath, laundry, $12. $14 and $15: 5
large rooms, bath, laundry, $22 50; thorough
repair; charming location; Mission warm belt.
DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Park aye., off 12th st.
$11— LOWER flat. 4 rooms; mantel; folding
doors. 713 Tehama St., near Eighth.
$7 50—3 sunny upper rooms: 4 closets: yard; cel-
lar. 1008 Natoma st., near Eleventh, rear.
$13— SUNNY lower flat; 4 rooms, bath and yard.
8 She. wll St.. near Fourteenth.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ELLIS. 1528, near Webster— A rare chance; 4
sunny upper rms. and bath In private family.
ELLIS, 1620, near Fillmore— Upper floor, 4 new-
ly furnished rooms and bath.
ERIE, 47, bet. Thirteenth and Fourteenth-
Furnished housekeeping rooms; 3 sunny con-
venient rooms; garden.
FIFTH, 353—3 connecting rooms, furnished for
housekpg. and water, $13; also single, $5 up.
FOURTEENTH, 129B— Two sunny unfurnished
bay-window housekeeping rooms.
GOLDEN GATE a-.-e.. 1210—2 large sunny rooms
furnished for housekeeping; private.
HARRISON, 731— Three rooms furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; large yard; bath; $14.
HOWARD, 704, corner Third— Finely furnished
suites;. also single; rent cheap.
HOWARD, 1144— Furnished or unfur. sunny
rooms, kitchen, gas, bath, hot and cold water.
LAGUNA, 908, near McAllister— 3 sunny fur-
nished housekpg. rooms: complete; kitchen.
LEXINGTON aye.. 210— A sunny floor consist-
ing of alcove, kitchen, bath, complete for
housekeeping, $12. ,
MARKET, 1025— 2 or 3 unfurnished housekeep-
ing rooms; rent taken in board.
MINNA, 28— Sunny furnl_hed housekeeping
rooms and other rooms: very cheap.
MINNA, 545 Large sunny front room, fur-
nished for light housekeeping; rent low.
MINNA, 546— Furnished rooms; complete for
housekeeping; large yard.
MISSION, 947— Front room, with kitchen, com-
plete. ' ;
MISSION. 1142—2 fine rooms, furnished, quiet
place, $1 per month.
MISSION, 14358 New ly furnished rooms, with
exclusive kitchen, $15; use or* parlor.
OAK, 119 — 1 large front room, clean, com-
plete for housekeeping, $8; l smaller, same, $5.
O'FARRELL, 1393— Nice front parlor suite,
with running hot and cold water: suitable for
light housekeeping; rent reasonable
PROSPECT pi., 123, off California, bet Powell
and Stockton— Room and kitchen; Just reno-
vated; $9 to $10; private: German.
SHIPLEY, 259, bet. Howard and Folsom. Fifth
and Sixth Four housekeeping rooms, $6; no
children nor dogs.
WELL, 121— Large sunny furnished rooms
for light housekeeping.
SHOTWELL. 211—2 sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; also single room.
SIXTH. 136— 2 sunny rooms for light house-
keeping; also other rooms; $1 a week.
SIXTH, 405— A suite of housekeeping rooms;
$10 a month; gas and bath.
STEVENSON, 403. corner of Fifth— Large suite
of rooms, complete for housekeeping; cheap.
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3367, near Mission large
sunny furnished housekeeping suites, running
water, $8 and $10.
TWO sunny flats: bath: 4 rooms each: 1 fur-
nished: $17 and $14; couples, no children. 811
Leavenworth st.
VALENCIA, 1232— Sunny alcove room, fur-
nished; light housekeeping.
VAN NESS, 43— Housekeeping rooms and sin-
gle; sunny and cheap; from $1 50 week up.
VAN NESS aye.. Newly /md elegantly fur-
nished parlor floor, 4 rooms: gas range.
VAN NESS. 706— Parlor floors of 3 rooms; com-
plete; kitchen: gas range: bath.
WASHINGTON, 620— Unfurnished room, newly
papered, $4 per month.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
_________________
~~ ROOMS TO LET.
AT SI"A Geary st., near Hyde— Front suite,
suitable for visitors from the East; prettily
furnished. Including piano; dressing room;
hot water; gas; private bath; electric bells;
telephone; servants; board optional; $35 mo.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
ln every respect: terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms, 50c to $150 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT SUTTER, Very choice, sunny, ' new,
reasonable; appreciated if seen; investigate.
AT 510 TAYLOR— An elegant suite; suitable for
a party of 3 or 4 persons; rent reasonable.
, AT 52 Second, between Market and Mission-
Single and double rooms, $1 to $3 per week.
A— THE WALDORF, 24 Fifth st— New; sunny
corner; central location: elegant rooms.
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
single; facing plaza; day or month.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Kills, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
EDDY. 118— Sunny front rooms, $7 to $15
month: ether desirable rooms, $6 upwards.
ELLIS, 312, near Taylor— Small sunny hall
bedroom for gentleman in private family.
ELLIS, 321—Rosedale House— Rooms rented by
day. week or month at cut rale prices; cheap-
er and better than any house ln the city.
ELLIS, 418— Grand Carnot— Nice front
rooms; suite and single; $1 50 to $6 week.
FIFTH, 1 ".:4" _» — Suites of rooms for 2 gentlemen
or man and -wife. . ' / "'
FIFTEENTH, 1693, cor. Valencia— 2 sunny un-
furnished rooms; bath, gas; adults.
GEARY, 556— Elegant sunny front, back parlor;
other rooms; privilege light hskpg; piano; tel.
GROVE, Corner bay-window suite; Incan-
descent lights; dentist or doctor; other rooms.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single: elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOTEL Großvenor, 819 Sutter— Opened under
new management Apr 1; elegant sunny suites,
single rooms: most central part city; elevator.
j HOWARD, 1052—2 nice furnished front sunny
rooms, $- . month;, also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD. 1109, near Seventh— Two large
front, bay-window -rooms and one small,
prettily furnished. - ,-<-'. ,
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
JACKSON, 1030, near Taylor— sunny I.
; rooms; running- water; gas; bath; marine
view; telephone; reasonable; private family. .
JESSIE. 365— Large front room, furnished; also
other rooms; all sunny.
JONES, 415— Neatly furnished front suite; sta-
tionary wash stand; also single; rent $8 up.
KEARNY. 209, 323— Newly turn, sunny rooms .
from $1 50 up; also light hkpg rms.; transient
MISSION, 14358 — Unfurnished sunny back
room; $4. -"..,-.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day. week or month.
O'FARI. 750. bet. Larkin and Hyde— l
large, also 2 small; neatly furnished; sunny.
OAK. -Nicely furnished front rooms; man
and wife or single: cheap; private family.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis st— lncandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor; room per night. 35c to $1 50;
week. $2 to $8: month. $S to $30; elevator on •
offlce floor: rooms with hot. cold wat.; baths. .
SEVENTH. 192— Sunny furnished single rooms
and suites; also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SUITE of rooms and board for couple in private
family; W. A.; ref. given and required. Box
967. Call.
TAYLOR, ■ 129— Newly furnished rooms for la-
dles and gentlemen; reasonable.
TAYLOR, 311— A splendid opportunity for doc-
tor: front and back parlor; piano; running ;
water; sunny all day; reasonable to right ;
party. I
THIRD. ' 25— Sunniest rooms in San Francisco; I
white lights; extra good beds; cheap.
VALENCIA, 834%, near Twentieth— Furnished I
room, with grate, use bath, $5; unfurnished, j
$3 month.
VAN NESS, 813—1 or more, furnished or not;
27 up: physician's residence. !
HOARDING AND ROOMS.
BOARD and room for young man; bath; $12 |
to $14 month; private.. 834^ Valencia St. '
ELLIS. 595— Newly furnished rooms, with or
without board; reasonable.
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
FURNISHED room with board; lady and baby;
near Palo Alto. O. 8., box 1, Call offlce.
HANDSOMELY furnished rooms with board:
use piano; parlor; phone. 850 Van Ness aye.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant rooms; excellent
board; $20 up; special rates to table boarders.
POST, 509, near Mason — Sunny prettily fur- :
nished room for 1 or 2, with board.
POWELL. 309 (Waldorf)— furnished ;
sunny front suite; bath; excellent board.
SOUTH PARK. 159- Furnished sunny rooms; '■
very reasonable; private family; board opt'l.
________________
"REST A I RANTS.
CLEMENT, 3021— 512 per month; restaurant and |
bar and 3 nice rooms at Sutro car house; lady
would board for rent.
LOMBARDI'S French dinner, 25c; 10 a. m. to 8
p. m. 43 Stockton (old No. 25). nr. O'Farrell.
PERINI'S, 16 Mason st— French dinner. 50c;
lunch, 25c or a la carte: prl. rms. for ladles.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and ice
cream parlor. • 1035 Market.: popular prices.
CUILUK-. UOAKDED.-
CHILDREN boarded on ranch; near school,
postofflce and cars; not younger than 8 years; i
from responsible parties: good care. Address
MRS. F. W.. Yountville, Napa County, Cal.
CHILD to board; terms very reasonable. 106
St. Rcse aye.; Geary-st.' car.
GOOD home for children, $8; Infants, $10 per
mo.- 210 Lexington aye., near Nineteenth st. '
STORES TO LET.
FOR rent— Large and beautiful store; prom- j !
inently located, facing the Navy-yard: with
or without fixtures; with kitchen, yard, sta- '
ble and other accessories. Apply Philadelphia j
House. 112 Georgia st., Vallejo. Cal.
LARGE corner store on Geary st. to rent or i
lease for a term of years; low rent. Apply !
644 Geary st.
STORE, 2 living rooms; good location for deli- j
cacy. Jeweler, tailor or shoe store; rent cheap.
350? Folsom St., bet. Twenty-flrst and Twen-
ty-second.
STORE fixtures and 4 rooms at 23 Clementina
st. ; heap rent. •
STORE with living rooms: all modern im-
provements. 23 Clementina st. i
OFFICES TO LET. ~"
POWELL, 223— Elegantly appointed rooms for
offices and other purposes, at very reason-
able rates: -.'so furnished apartments.
DENTISTS.
DR. T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors,
Emma Spreckeis bldg., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; Inferior
work done on the teeth Is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold filling from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
A NEW patent— See our new flesh-colored '
plates; cannot be detected" from the natural |
teeth and gum; thin and strong; much su-
perior to rubber; crown and bridgework; teeth
without plates our specialty: flexible plates
from $5; crowns. $3 50; fillings, 60c; all work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS, 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar- \
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood b _g.. you can !
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns. I
$3 50 up; plates, extractions, Tree, $4 50 up: of- i
fice hours. 9 a m. to 10 p. m. : _unday. 9 to 2 '
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager. |
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH without plates a specialty; full set of
teeth. $5; crowns, $3; fillings, 50c; all work
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental
Parlors, 1206 Market St.. cor. Golden Gate aye.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors; guaranteed
work: lowest prices; ten operators; open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
A FULL set of teeth, $5: teeth without plates a
specialty; liberal credit given. PERRY DEN-
TAL PARLORS, 8 Mason St.. corner Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
LOWEST prices In 8. F. ; painless extraction
guarntd. N. Y. Dentist. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny; set of teeth,
$4; filling, gold, 50c; silver. 25c; crowns, $$.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works—
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor Work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
advance Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
jTmcQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson st. ; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st; tel. Jessie 044.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 210 14th
st; cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye. ; tel. East 126.
LEGAL NOTICES.
CERTIFICATE of Partnership— C. C. , Sees.
2466, 2468.
We hereby certify that we constitute a
partnership, transacting business in the State
■ of California, under the Arm name and style
of W. A. BOOLE & SON; that the principal
place of business of said Arm Is in the city
and County of San Francisco, California;
that the names In full of all the members
of such partnership and their places of resi-
dence arc as follows: WILLIAM AUGUSTUS
BOOLE, residing at Ross Valley. Marin
County, Cal. ; WILLIAM AUGUSTUS BOOLE
JR., residing at Ross Valley, Marin County,
Cal.
Witness our hands this 10th day of April,
1899. . W. A. BOOLE.
W. A. BOOLE JR.
State of California, City, and County of San
Francisco— ss. .
On this llth day of April, In the year one
thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, be-
fore me, H. C. DROGER, a Notary Public
ln and for the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, State of California, personally ap-
peared W. A. BOOLE and W. A. BOOLE JR..
known to me to be the persons whose names
are subscribed . to the within instrument, and
acknowledged that they executed the same.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed my official seal the day and
year in this certificate first above written.
[Notarial Seal.] H. C. DROGER,
Notary Public in and for the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California.
I, WILLIAM A. DEANE, County Clerk of
the City and County of San Francisco, State
of California, and ex-offlcio Clerk of the Su-
perior. Court, in and for said City and County,
. hereby certify the foregoing to be a full, true
and correct copy of the original certificate
of Partnership of W. A. BOOLE & IN,
filed in my offlce on the llth day of April,
A. D. 1899.
Attest my hand and the seal of said court
this llth day of April. A. D. 1899.
[Clerk's Seal.] WM. A DEANE, Clerk.
' By P. M. McGASHIN, Deputy Clerk.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask»ycu to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash;- bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
to. per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
A FEW BARGAINS IN UPRIGHTS.
Cramer, good condition $72
Weber, flne order 152
.3 Kingsburys, used 7 months 185
Vose, mahogany case 223
Sterling, used IS months 270
All guaranteed 5 years; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16-20 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
JUST arrived— New upright pianos; sold at $5;
rented at $2 50 per month. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO., 660 Hayes st. -^^
HORNUNG'S Pianos praised by all great ar-
tists: his touch regulator the wonder of the
day; please examine. 216 McAllister st.
R. A. DANIELS Is now with BYRON
MAUZY, 308 to 812 Post st.
PIANOS unredeemed to realize advances on
Storage. Wilson Storage Looms. 1710 Market.
SOHMER, BYRON MAUZY, and other pianos.
30S Post st. ;
PIANOS accurately tuned and warranted; send
postal to COOKE. 1081 Howard st.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up; installments, $5 75 up;
rents $3 50 up (allowed on purchase). 136 Ellis.
W. G. BADGER, 415- Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN-Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 16
McAllister pt., next Hibernia Bank.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, SO O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old -nd new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
CTI'. REAL ESTATE.
NEW MODERN CORNER FLATS-
BIG BARGAINS.
PRICE $4800.
RENTS $540 PER YEAR.
Flats contain 5 and 8 rooms each, with every
known modern convenience contained in a
new building; street bituminlzed: terms to
suit purchaser. Apply to F. NELSON, cor.
Twentieth and Castro sts.
FOR Bale Corner house on Ellis St.; central;
reasonable ; no agents. Boa 9<"9, Call office.
$500—75x100: HOUSE, •'' rooms and barn, .at Col-
ma. C. C. FISHER. 624 Market st.
___!-_"^ "— — — — — ■^
COUNTRY fU-AJL -.STATE.
FOR sale — 195 acres adjoining Napa Soda
Springs; 12 acres dear; 00 n cords oak wood; a
great bargain; $1500. GEO. W. H. PAT-
TERSON CO., 1708 Market St.'
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts: 2150 acres sola to 120 families; 7500
seres left. For particulars of Immense crops
raised In dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COTATI CO.. 302 California St.. S. F.
WE have prune and peach orchards; Santa
Clara County; $125 per acre; income proper-
ties. NAT. REAL ESTATE AG.. 7 Grant ay.
$5 TO $30 an acre; list free; crops sure. •M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta County. Cal.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
2 LOTS; 50x120 in all; south of Park, on 7th
aye., bet. X and J; in exchange; house and
lot in Oakland, Alameda or Berkeley; worth
about $2000. Address A. D., Frultvale P. O.
GOOD-PAYING Eastern property for California
real estate, stock land preferred; table board
for groceries; table board for piano. 712
Eleventh st., Oakland.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— House of 6 rooms, with 3 or 4 acres
of land with fruit trees and vegetable garden
around San Leandro, Haywards, Frultvale.
Apply Call Office.
~MONE Y~TO" loail
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any ether good security; payable
back in installments or as a whole; if you
ewe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first; you will be 'waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg, 1170 Market.
LOANS on furniture or pianos ln S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission st., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6<* per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market st. : telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
IF requiring money ascertain our rates; circu-
lar mailed to address. Gould, 131 Montgomery.
STRAIGHT tip; go where you can save in-
terest. Cut Rate Loan Office. 22 Mason st.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. ' LICK, 116 McAllister st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
FINANCIAL.
ALL kinds stores and saloons bought; short
notice. J. GOLLOBER, 2." Battery st.
MONEY to loan— Real estate, 2d mortg., chat-
tels, etc. Harper & Krelger.3l2 Examiner big.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
WRITE TO
E. E. BUNCE, 908 Broadway. Oakland,
If you want a farm or home In a beautiful
land.
Fruit, dairy', agriculture or stock farm, large
or small; perfect titles; specialties of large
tracts for colonies, lumbermen or cattle
ranch in California and Mexico. For sale or
exchange, 1000 ranches, city residence and busi-
ness property, business chances, orange groves,
vineyards; houses rented; taxes paid; corre-
spondence solicited.
E. E. BUNCE, 908 Broadway, Oakland.
$5000— Two 5-room cottages In Livermore, with
block of land, barn, chicken houses, orchard;
all clear; to exchange for Oakland or Ala-
meda property. B. H. WELCH ft CO.. 1383
Fifth aye.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
FOR rent- Nicely furnished rooms, with or
without board, at the Fifth-aye. Boarding
House. 1379 Fifth avenue, corner Eighteenth
St.. East Oakland; convenient to electric
cars: terms very reasonable. . MRS. VIC-
TORIA McOONALD.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer, llth and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
JUST A FEW LEFT BUT
ROOM FOR MANX MORE.
4. B. 6, 7-room cottages, near schools and
stations; from $1000 to $3500; easy installments;
Just like. paving rent; make an offer.
Houses built on easy terms; no reason for
not having a home.
MARCUSE & REMMEL,
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 630 Market
st., San Francisco. Open Sundays and holl-
days.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND 'BOARD.
HOME for ladles In delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. _ CNKE. 1416 Sth st.
BERKELEY " _IEAL ESTATE.
FOR sale at a bargain— Almost new house of
7 rooms and bath; 2 blocks from depot; street
work done; faces west; fine view of bay and
hills; only $250 down and $17 50 per month.
O. G. MAY & CO.. 2123 Center St., Berkeley.
__________ ~
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for fresh beef and mutton—
fice Chief Commissary, San Francisco, Cal.,
April 11, 1899. Sealed proposals for furnishing
and delivering fresh beef and mutton will be
received here and at offices of commissaries
at Alcatraz Island, Angel Islar.d. Benicia
Barracks. Fort Mason, Presidio of San Fran-
cisco and San Diego Barracks, Cal., until
11 o'clock a. m.. May 11, 1899, and then
opened. Information furnished on applica-
tion. Envelopes containing proposals should
be indorsed "Proposals for Fresh Beef and
Mutton," and addressed to undersigned or
to commissary at post to be supplied. S. F.
THORN. Major. Chief Commissary. .
PHYSICIANS. ~ -
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. offlce and residence,
1021*4 Market st., bet, 6th and 7th. ;•.;--*;_
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
. machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
A. Veil no Tejida and.Otelia Arce 45-23
William O. Brink and Ollie Brown 33-30
Samuel C. Symon and Gussie S. Swltzer.. .27-23
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES —
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized 10 hove the same published.
BORN.
ANDERSON— In this city, March 13, 1899, to
the wife of F. Anderson, a son.
DUFFY— In Oakland, April 7, 1599, to the wife
of P. L. Duffy, a son.
NAUGHTON— In this city, April 8, 1899, to the
wife of F. M. Naughton, a son.
BILVERSTEIN— in this city. April 7. 1899. to
the wife of George Silverstein. a daughter.
MARRIED.
ANDERSON— NICHOLSON— In this city. April
11. 1899, by the Rev. Paul Branke, Gustav An-
derson and Mary Nicholson.
BENNETT— HALL— this city, April 11. 1899.
. by the Rev. F. J. Lion, George E. Bennett
• and Susie F. Hall, both of San Francisco.
_____
"died.
Avers. Ellen McCormick. Margaret
Deverell, Leonard J. McLeod, Daniel
Friell. William Martin, Sidney A.
Flores, Manuel Meyers, ...hie!
Gertz, Edward Oliva. Catherine
Heitmann. Nicholas O'Neill, Mary E.
Herriek. Edward Pluschau Millie
Hlmmelreich. Edwd. Rlppe, Emma
Rines. Joshua R. Tallman, Marcella
Jones, Emma O. Turner, Capt. B. C.
Levy, Isabelle Winberg, John
AYERS-In this city, April IS. 1899, Ellen
Ayers (nee Clifford), a native of the parish
of Keel, County Kerry. Ireland, aged 47 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock. -,-om the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor A- Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul at 9 o'clock. interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by 10:40 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
DEVERELL— In this city, April 12, 1899. Leon-
ard J., beloved son of Richard L. and Fanny
Deverell. and brother of Frederick W. and
Louis H. Deverell, a native of New York,
aged 25 years - months and 1 day. (Tacoma
and New York papers please copy.)
[_*r_'riends and acquaintances are respect-
fully . Invited to attend the .uneral this day
(Friday), at - o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors cf Porter & White. 122 Eddy street. In-
terment National Cemetery.
FRIELL— this city, April 1.. 1899, William,
beloved husband of Maggie Friell, and father
of Hugh. Eddie, Willie and Annie Friell, a
native of the parish of Clonmanny, County
Donecal. Ireland, aged 28 years.
T. "Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street. ■ In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
FLORE_ -In the City and County Hospital.
April 13, 1899, Manuel Flores, a native of
Chine, aged 63 years..
GERTZ— In this city. April 12. 1899, Edward
. rtz, a native of Germany, aged 71 years.
HEITMANN— this city, April 12, 1899. Nicho-
las, beloved husband of Maria Heitmann, and
uncle of Mrs. Finck and John and Henry
Heitmann, a native of Elmsharn. Holsteln,
Germany, aged 75 years 3 months and 29 days.
A member of Harmony Lodge No. 13. I. O.
0. F. : Walhalla Encampment No. 7: Eureka
Grove No. 4, U. A. O. D., and Walhalla Ge-
sang Verein.
lE*rFriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
April 16, at 2:30 o'clock, from I. O. O. F.
Hall, where funeral services will he held, un-
der the auspices of Harmony Lodge No. 13,
1. O. O. F. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
Remains at the funeral parlors of H. F.
Maass. I*l7 Mission street, near Fifth.
HERRICK— In the City and County Hospital,
April 13, 1899, Edward Derrick.
HTMMELREICH— In this city, April 12, 1899,
Edward Hlmmelreich, a native of Germany,
aged 51 years and 3 months.
.'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from Charles J. B.
Metzler's undertaking parlors, Washington
street, below Kearny. Interment Laurel Hill
• Cemetery.
JONES— In this city, April 13, 1899, Emma Oak-
ley Jones, wife of the late Charles Jones, a
native of Shersliill, Staffordshire, England,
aged 77 years 11 months and 1! days.
-_"3""Notice of funeral hereafter.
LEVY— In this city. April 13. 1888, Isabelle. in-
fant daughter of Alfred and Pauline Levy, a
native of San Francisco, aged 4 months and
1.". days.
McCORMICK— In this city, April 13, 1899, Mar-
garet M., dearly beloved wife of Patrick Mc-
mick, and devoted mother of Mrs. Val A.
King. John J. McCormick and the- late Mrs.
Nellie F. Exelby, a native of Sligo, Ireland,
aged 49 years.
"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fuilv Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
April 16, at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 907 Illinois street, Potrero, thence to
St. Teresa's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
McLEOD— Entered into rest, April 13, 1899,
Daniel McLeod, father of Mrs. William Mc-
Dowell, Mrs. A. C. Shell in of Petaluma and
Mr. Daniel McLeod of San Francisco, a na-
tive of Nova Scotia, aged 89 years and 8 days.
(Petaluma papers please copy.)
£""""■ Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Satur-
day), at 2 o'clock, at Grace Church, corner
Stockton and California streets. Interment
private.
MARTIN— In Los Angeles, April 12, 1899, Sid-
ney A., dearly beloved husband of Mary Mar-
tin, and father of Edgar Martin, a native of
Taswell County. Virginia, aged 33 years.
MEYERS— In this city, of apoplexy, Jachiel,
beloved husband of Sarah Meyers, and father
of Lydia, Edna, Clarence, Renia, Gertrude
and the late Harold and Alma Meyers, a na-
t ive of Lessen, Germany, aged 51 years 5
months and 12 days.
OLIVA— this city, April 12, ISSO, Catherine,
dearly beloved -wife of the late Andrew Oliva.
and mother of the late Sebastian Oliva and
of Luigi, John F. and Joseph Oliva. Mrs. G.
Civerlale and Mrs. G. Cereghino. a native of
Genoa, Italy, aged 75 years 5 months and
26 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral takes place
to-morrow (Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from
the Italian Church of Sts. Peter and Paul,
corner Dupfint and Filbert streets. At 10
o'clock on same day a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. Please
omit flowers.
O'NEILL— this city. April 12. 1899. Mary E..
beloved daughter of the late James and Cath-
erine O'Neill, a native of San Fran'
tT-'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from St. Mary's Cathe-
dral, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul. Inter-
ment Holy 'toss Cemetery, by electric funeral
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
MEMBERS of the Immaculate Conception So-
dality of St. Mary's Cathedral are earnestly-
requested to attend the requiem mass for our
late sister. Miss Mary E. O'Neill. By order
of SPIRITUAL DIRECTOR.
PLUSCHAU— In the City and County Hospital,
April 13. 1899, Millie Pluschau, a native of
France, aged 37 years.
RINES— In this city. April 11, 1599. Joshua R.,
dearly beloved husband of Annie M. Rines,
son of Mrs. B. R. Rines, and brother of John
and Dr. Charles H. Rines, Mrs. L. A. R. Mil-
ler, -Irs. J. Leffing and Amy Rines. a native
of Nova Scotia, aged 65 years 11 months and
5 days.
RIPPE— In this city, April 13, 1899, Emma, be-
loved wife of Henry Rlppe, mother of Joel
Rippe and infant babe, sister of Pete. Carl,
Andrew, Hanna. Pernilla and Marie Johnson,
and daughter of Mrs. C. Johnson, a native of
Sweden, aged 25 years 8 months and 11 days.
ICFFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 210 Indiana street, between Mariposa
and Solan... Potrero. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
TALLMAN— this city, April 13. 1890. Mar-
cella, beloved wife of Harry Tallman. and
daughter of Peter and Marguerite McMahon,
a native of San Francisco, aged 33 years t
months and 16 days.
{t_7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H F Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission .street, near
Eighth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
TURNER— At Piedmont Heigh'.s, Oakland.
April 12, 1899. Captain Benjamin C. beloved
husband of Hattie I. Turner, and stepfather
of W L. Strawbridge, a native of Massachu-
setts aged 70 years S months and 20 days.
A member of Martinez Lodge No. 41, F. and
A. M.
r^rFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday) at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Temple,
corner of Twelfth and Washington streets.
Oakland. Funeral under the auspices of Live
Oak Lodge No. 61. F. and A. M. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
WINBERd— In this city. April 13, 1899, John
Winberg, a native of Sweden, aged 51 years
and 6 months, j .'-■,- • .' v
C_?"Remains at the parlors of Charles J. B.
Metzler, 636 Washington street.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS 'AND EMBALMER3.
'. -'- ' '■'■ 20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
3 Mrc _»I_ll__D ■ m________-BB OM____HP
FUNERAL. DIRE-TORS <_ E-___aL_lEl_- I
1233 Market st. between Sth and 9t_. |
FUNEKAi. DIRECTORS ._ EMB.-vLjIER* I
ma Market et.. between Sth and Bt_-
Telephone. South 247. ' _
1112
RAILROAD DECLARES
WAR ON THE PRESS
Independent Newspapers to Be
Attacked by the Company.
Southern Pacific Influence Inspired the Adoption of the
Anti=Cartoon and Signature Laws — A Cam=
paign to Protect Corruption.
_ . '■■'• "-.':■■'■
WILLIAM SPROULE, freight
traffic manager of the South
ern Pacific Company, is in
deadly danger of disgrace
with his employers. lake the
infant terrible he has blurted out a
suggestion of facts of a secret cam
paign upon which the masters of the
railroad have entered and which they
ire nourishing toward a hoped-for suc
cess with all the energy that revenge
Inspires. In a moment of ill-advised
enthusiasm for the cause of his super
iors, Sproule reflected, in a few ap
parently idle words, the facts of a
scheme over which the managers of the
Southern Pacific Company have deeply
thought. It all happened on Wednes
day night at the annual banquet of the
Manufacturers' and Producers* Asso
ciation.
In the course of a brief address on
the relation between railroads and com
merce Sproule seized an opportunity to
denounce the newspapers. The allusion
to the press was uncalled for and many
of the two hundred merchants, pro
ducers and manufacturers who were
present were concerned to know what
provoked Sproule's remarks. Curiosity
did not end with the feast and yester
day gossip upon the subject was rife.
Gradually out of the mass of rumors,
conjectures and surmises the truth was
sifted.
The Southern Pacific Company lias
declared war upon the independent
newspapers of the State. William
F. Herrin, acting under orders from his
superiors, is in alliance with Governor
Gage to harass, cripple and if possible
crush the newspapers of California
which can neither be bought, betrayed
nor browbeaten. The proof of this
great conspiracy is absolute. The
Southern Pacific Company is deter
mined that it shall do as it pleases and
shell not be forced to exposure when
it commits evil. It is fixed in its pur
pose to control, without interference,
the politics and the policy, the com
merce and the trade of the State and in
this purpose the Southern Pacific Com
pany has the subservient support of
Governor Gage.
The plot is one of the most serious
ever concocted to injure the people of
the State. Already the schemers have
placed upon the statute bocks iniquitous
laws and plans are perfected to carry
these laws to the letter into effect. The
railroad authorities will not, if they can
help it. tolerate longer an honest and
effective expose and criticism of their
dishonest manipulations in California.
It is not a new gam.- of the railroad
people to seek to control the news
papers of the State. Some have been
bought by advertising contracts. The
proprietors of others have been gagged
with the promise of political honor.
Some sheets have been subsidized and
maintained at small cost. The railroad
has been in too many dishonorable
li tines, political and commercial, not
to have established a bureau of bribery
for the suppression of honest news
paper criticism.
All of this the people of California
know well, but now the railroad has
gone further. It has, with the assist
ance of a subservient Governor,
placed evil laws upon the statute
books, and with the great authority of
the State itself will seek to crush fear
less newspapers. The railroad company
was in a desperate mood when it took
this extraordinary step and decided to
give open battle to the press of Cali
fornia. This struggle was determined
upon during the last session of the
Legislature, when the Southern Pacific
Company sought by every means in its
power to elect its tool, Dan Burns, to
the United States Senate. As a matter
of course Governor Gage espoused the
cause of the railroad and its candi
date.
Everything was done for success, but
defeat, overwhelming and disgraceful,
came. When the contest was on and
failure threatened the plot was hatched.
During the Senatorial battle the South
ern Pacific Company suffered from just
newspaper condemnation more than
ever before. In the opinion of William
F. Herrin and his employers it was bad
enough to lose the election of one whose
servility could be commanded in the
Federal Senate, but it was worse to be
unmasked before the people of the
State as the greatest corrupting influ
ence against which decent people have
to contend in California.
The independent newspapers of this
city and of the State showed what the
railroad is in politics. Its bold attempts
to corrupt public men, its strange
power over the chief executive of ii.,.
State, its debauching, debasing inter
ference in public affairs, its manipu
lation of laws and law-makers, were all
exposed to public view, and the South
ern Pacific Company plotted revenge.
It has bought courts and commissions;
it has bribed legislators and Super
visors; it has made an.! unmade pub
lic men'; it has enacted, through its
tools, laws designed for its commercial
and political advantage. And when the
independent newspapers of tin- State
COUld not be bribed into silence the
Southern Pacific Company determined
that they should be crushed until they
no longer could be heard by the peo
ple whose interests were being defended
in the arraignment of railroad methods.
This is the new campaign of the South
ern Pacific Company. It is interesting
to review how the first steps in the plot
were taken and what now is the pur
pose of the manipulators.
William F. Herrin is a clever lawyer;
Henry T. Gage is a serviceable Gov
ernor. Herrin is credited with an abil
ity to draft bills favorable to Southern
Pacific interests. Gage is his own au
thority for the accusation that ho will
sign and has signed -unjust bills and in
flict upon others an injustice against
which he, if he were interested, would
protest.
When the defeat of Dan Burns for
United States Senator was happily as
sured two measures began to receive
prominence in the Legislature. One
was the anti-cartoon bill and the other
makes it compulsory for newspaper
writers to use their signatures in publi
cations. Both these measures were
aimed against the independent
press. Both were Inspired by the
Southern Pacific Company and both
were signed by Governor Gage. Under
these remarkable laws newspapers of
California will not be allowed to tell
the truth. By the provisions of these
curious statutes newspapers dare not
expose the dishonest act of an indi
vidual or of a corporation except in a
way that will destroy the effect of the
expose. Public abuses, of which the
Southern Pacilic Company is a monu
ment of shame, cannot be discussed,
criticized or "condemned without plac
ing the newspaper daring enough to
undertake the task in jeopardy of a
punishment provided by law. In this
way and with this weapon the Southern
Pacific Company has opened its cam
paign to kill independent newspapers.
The railroad company wants to elect
(its own United States Senators, its
mors, legislators, commissioners
and Supervisors. The great corpora
tion wants to be the political dictator
of the State and it wants no criticism
of its policy. It wants to fix rates and
tariffs, bleed farmers, merchants and
producers, rob municipalities of privi
leges that aggregate millions of dol
lars. More than this, the great corpo
ration wants to ride rough shod over
the rights of private people, plunder
and even kill them and then with cor
rupt laws, corrupt courts and corrupt
administrations escape unscathed from
a punishment of its gigantic abuses.
This is why the Southern Pacific
Company does not wish to see unre
stricted a publication of the truth.
The truth and not falsehood is what
the managers of the corporation fear,
so battle will be given to those that
dare tell the truth. "When the anti-car
toon bill and the signature bill were
advanced toward adoption in the Leg
islature shrewd men suspected that
something more than the personal
venom of a few discredited public of
ficials was behind the measures. When
Governor Gage with undue haste made
these measures laws there was a strong
suspicion that something more than
his personal spite Inspired his action.
The inspiration was in the yellow
building on Montgomery and Market
streets. The Southern Pacific Company
loves us friends and will protect them.
A bargain In bribery Is dangerous,
under the law, for the briber as well
as for the bribed. One need not over
tax his memory to remember that there
have been serviceable Governors in
this State If the Southern- Pacific
Company, in the exercise of its multi
tude of affairs, should ever have occa
sion to use a serviceable Governor, it
would be wise to possess the means to
protect such an official from honest,
public, newspaper criticism. Men
cease to be serviceable after they are
exposed in their rascality, and to pro
tect itself the Southern Pacific Com
pany will try to protect rascals from
the lashing of an honest press.
While the railroad company has gone
very far in its campaign against an
independent press, it intends to go fur-
ther. It is generally understood that
the Southern Pacific Company will use
every possible influence to secure the
enforcement of the iniquitous measures
adopted and signed through railroad in
fluence. If suits be instituted the
Southern Pacific Company will give
secret assistance to those who bring
the actions. The battle promises to be
interesting — to the Southern Pacific
Company. It will be a contest to de
termine whether the people of the
State shall be the prey of every pow
erful criminal influence or whether the
press will be permitted to lash, with
the criticism of truth, some of the evil
energy out of such corporate malefac
tors as the Southern Pacific Company.
JOHN GWYNNE TO GET
LITTLE FOR A RING
SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY
DECIDES THE CASE.
Fifteen Dollars All That He Will Be
Allowed for a Diamond That
Was Lost in the Custom
House.
Customs Collector Jackson was notified
yesterday by Secretary of the Treasury
that John Gwynne of this city was en
titled to $15, the appraised value of a dia
mond ring which mysteriously disap
peared in the Custom-house and never
materialized.
More than a year ago the ring came
through the registered mail from
Gwynne's sister in Wales and was turned
ever to the customs authorities for ap
praisement. The ring was appraised at
$10 and a duty of $!• was fixed. Then the
ring melted into space and Gwynne de
manded its value. He was offered $15
the appraised valuation, but refused to
accept it and appealed to the Secretary
of the Treasury, who ordered Special
Agents Linck and Smith to make an in
vestigation. As. a part of the evidence
the agents were shown a certificate from
a jeweler in Liverpool who had sot the
diamond in the ring. He certified that
the gem was a diamond of the first water
and that the ring was worth £21, or $105.
Gwynne testified before the special agents
that he had furnished the gold for the
ring and had paid $12 for the metal.
The special agents Induced Gwynne to
offer v. compromise on the payment of $50.
He accepted the offer, and a report of the
case was sent to the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Collector Jackson says that the Secre
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 14, 1899.
tary cf the Treasury based his decision
upon the fact that the ring had been ap
praised at $15 and that the person who
registered the package in the mails had
indorsed it with a stipulation that the
sender would not hold the Postofflce au
thorities responsible for more than $15 in
case of loss.
Mr. Gwynne will receive the sum on
calling on the Collector.
"DOPED" AND ROBBED.
Mrs. Ernestine Thiers' Experience
With the Notorious Nellie Shar
key.
Nellie Sharkey, a notorious character.
was arraigned in Judge Slogan's court
yesterday on a charge of grand larceny
and the case was continued till to-mor
row.
The complaining witness is Mrs. Er
nestine Thiers, a waitress in a dance hall
on Eddy street: She stated that on the
morning of April 1 she went into the sa
loon at 14 Turk street with Tim Callan, a
saloon-keeper, and Buel Fountain, a clerk
in Whittier, Fuller & Co.'s, and met the
Sharkey woman. They had three drinks
and she feels sure that the last drink she
took was "doped." She felt sick and
drowsy, but as the effects of the "dope"
were not quick enough she was knocked
down, and when she recovered in the
Bancroft House, where she was taken,
she had been robbed of her two diamond
rings, $6 50 in coin and a valuable hat pin.
She though, an April fool's joke had
been played upon her at lirst. but when
she realized that she had been robbed she
notified Policemen Joy and Wilson and
they arrested Nellie Sharkey. They had
to get the assistance of three men to take
her to the City Prison, as she fought like
a demon. The two rings were found in
her possession.
ITALIArfS AT BANQUET.
Giuseppe Calegaris Entertained by-
Members of the Chamber
of Commerce.
Giuseppe Calegaris, for the past nine
years president of the Italian Chamber of
Commerce, was entertained at dinner last
night, prior to his departure for Europe,
by the members at a prominent uptown
restaurant. President-elect Palmier! pre
sified and acted as toastmaster. He pre
sented the guest of the evening with a
scroll extolling his virtues and the serv
ices he has rendered his fellow-country-
SCENE OF THE DROWNING AT LAKE MERCED
men during his residence here.
The scroll was in water colors and
showed the coats of arms of Italy and
America In a harmonious design. In re
sponding to the principal toast. Mr. Cale
garis thanked the members of the Italian
colony for the honor they had conferred
on him. The guests included: Ex-Sena
tor K. C. Palmieri. Chevalier F. Sena,
Chevalier Giuseppe Calegaris, Dr. V. Vac
car) A. Devoto, A. Vensano, G. Onesti,
S. Romani, C. Malpiede. ,D. Bragi, G. B.
1 evaggi Ing. Ettore Patrizi, G. Almazia
of l'ltalla and C. Pedretti of La Voce de!
Popolo.
■ ♦ ■
TRAVELING MAN INJURED.
P. H. Feely Thrown From a Stage in
Humboldt County.
P. H. Feely, a commercial trav
eler for Lewis Kline & Co. of this city,
was badly injured In a stage accident at
Cape Mendocino last Thursday. While en
route from Ferndale to Patrolia, in Hum
boldt County, the brake on a heavy stage
snapped just as the cape was reached.
At this point th.- grade is heavy and the
roadway i: constructed on precipitous
cliffs The driver, to prevent the vehicle
from running over the cliff, turned it on
the bank, toppling it over. Feely. who
occupied tho seat with the driver, was
thrown to the ground, severely injuring
his lett side and ankle. He was brought
to this city yesterday.
v -.-.\ . ■ ♦ ■
Why He Pulled Her Hair.
Louis H. Moser, who resides on Vallejo
street, near Laguna, was charged before
Judge Graham yesterday with battery
upon Lizzie Booth while she was in his
service last Saturday night. Lizzie and
Josie Johnston, the cook, both testified
to Moser pulling Lizzie by the back hair
and choking her, and Moser explained
the reason of his act was because Lizzie
was impudent and threw a baby's boot
at him which struck him in the face. The
Judge will render his decision to-day.
Inter Nos Circle.
Tin- members of Inter Nos Circle of the
Companions of the Forest of America
have arranged for a domino party in the
Social Hall of the Alcazar building to
morrow night. The committee having
Charge of the matter has provided a good
programme of dances.
New Consignment.
Beginning April 13 the Turkish Rug
Company at 125 Geary street will auction
a new Importation of rare, antique Per
sian and Turkish rugs. Particular atten
tion is Invited to an imperial, antique
called the "Kirman Shah" and a palace
camel hair rug of great beauty of design.
TRAGIC DEATH
BY DROWNING
IN LAKE MERCED
Perished in Sight of
Friends.
-
WADED OUT INTO DEEP WATER
CLARA WOODS AND CATHERINE
WILLIAMS VICTIMS.
'
Little Joseph Farthing Saved a
Woman's Life at -the Risk of
His Own— Ending of
an Outing.
The treacherous bottom of Bake Merced
has claimed two more Catherine
Williams, _:: years of age, and Clara
Woods, her niece. 10 years of age.
One of the saddest of the long list of re
cent accidents occurred yesterday after
noon, when Miss Catherine Williams and
little Clara Woods sank to their death in
the chill waters of tile lake. 'They were
members of a party of picnickers, which
consisted of Mrs. R. H. Woods, mother
of Clara; Herbert Woods, live years of
age; Adelaide Woods, aged three; Joseph
Farthing, aged 12, and Mrs. Tuhbs. All
started out from tie- Woods home, 214
Borland street, at 10 o'clock yesterday
morning for a day in the fields.
They chose the picturesque grounds of
the Spring Valley Water Works at Ingle
sal,- as the scene. The morning was spent
in a search for wild flowers, and the chil
dren had a merry time of it, while the
older members of the party watched over
them. At noon they went down to what
is known as the east end of the North
Lake and partook of their luncheon. The
clear water sparkling in the sunshine of a
perfect day attracted the attention of the
little one.--, and they begged to be permit
ted to take off shoes and stockings and
paddle around in the water.
Everything looked safe. At the point
chosen there is a smooth, sandy beach
which slopes gently down, and the cov
eted permission was Anally given. A more
dangerous spot, however, could not have
been selected, as • the arm of the lake
abounds with what is known as "spring
holes"— spots where the water suddenly
changes from a few inches to several feet
in dopth— and it was one of these that cut
short the holiday and cast a sudden gloom
upon two homes. -
The children, as soon as the required
permission was given, rushed gladly into
the water and began playfully splashing
around. Suddenly a piercing shriek was
heard and Bertie Woods sank from sight,
ills sister, Clara, saw him go down and
hurried to his assistance, only to be
caught herself in the deathtrap. The
mother, Mrs. Williams, rushed into the
water and managed to clasp the boy's
hand and pull him out of danger. Once
she had her hand on her little daughter,
but was unable to catch a firm hold of
her and the little life was lost. In the
meanwhile Miss Williams had boldly
plunged into the water, but had got be
yond her depth and was struggling for
life.
Mrs. Woods carried the little boy safely
ashore and returned to make one more ef
fort to save Miss Williams and little
Clara. In so doing she almost sacrificed
her own life on the altar of devotion. She
got into deep water and was having a life
and death struggle when the hero of the
occasion manifested himself. He was
Joseph Farthing; a 12-year-old lad, who
lives at 1513 Baker street. He had already
done good service in aiding in the rescue
of little Bertie Woods, and when he saw
Mrs. Woods battling for life, with a
forethought and presence of mind worthy
an older head he picked up a leather strap
from the shore, swam out and managed to
throw one end of it to Mrs. Woods. This
in all probability saved her life. It does
not , take much to keep a human body
afloat in the water, but the little fellow's
endurance was taxed to the limit, and
before Mrs. Woods had managed to get
her feet on solid ground the boy had been
pulled under the water several times.
When he reached the shore he was al
most unconscious and vomited great
quantities of water. He was taken to a
house in the neighborhood and after his
clothes were dried sent home. All this
had taken but a very few minutes, and
while the struggle was going on in the
water a messenger was speeding to the
nearest house. He returned in a few mm- |
utes with Charles Dall. proprietor of the i
Bungalow House. Mr. Dall is an expert |
swimmer, and an his arrival took in the ■
situation at a glance. He dove down sev
eral times into the springhole at the spot J
where the struggling forms were last j
seen, but his search was fruitless. There
was some hopes that if he could bring the |
bodies to the surface a spark of life might j
remain in them. He remained in the wa- I
ter until blue with cold, and finally told
the sorrowful party on shore that their
relatives were beyond human aid. ;
Mrs. Woods still stood on the shore
shivering in her wet clothes and gazing
into the water where her loved ones had
disappeared. It had all happened so sud
denly that she could not realize they were
gone from her forever. Kind words of
sympathy and advice to go for her
health's sake and remove her wet clothes
fell on unheeding ears, and she was final
ly almost dragged from the spot.
Quite a party had collected by this
time. Mounted Policemen Leonard and
Kindly were early. on the scene and did
what little could be done for the living.
The Morgue was also notified, and the
grappling for the bodies begun.
A couple of lawn rakes were procured,
poles were lashed to the ends of them
and G. C. Kimball, William Buekel and
John Wiebe began dragging the water
from the shore. After a half-hour's work
Mr. Gardner brought out the body of
Miss Williams. It was already cold and
stiff, and all efforts to restore animation
proved futile. It was not until nearly
two hours later that Messrs. Buekel and
Wiebe recovered the body of little Ciara
and laid it beside her aunt on the smooth
sand which a few hours before i.ad
lured her on to her death.
Catherine Williams was 23 years of age
and a daughter of C. B. Williams, of the
firm of Williams & Woods', general con
tractors. Clara was about 10 years of
age and a daughter of R. H. Woods of
the same firm. She was an unusually
bright child and rather large for her
age.
The accident was not witnessed by any
one aside from the family party, and they
are all so unnerved that they scarcely
know how it happened. Each has a
slightly different version, but all agree
on the main facts— that Bertie Woods
was first to fall in and that his sister and
aunt followed him.
('. D. Hyland, who has had charge of
the grounds for many years, said: "There
have been so many accidents out here
that I think people ought to keep away.
The bottom of. the lake is very treacher
ous, and aside from that, the mere knowl
edge of the fact that the water is used j
for drinking purposes should keep people
out of it. So sure as a hunter happens to ,
kill a duck he will plunge into the water
after it where it looks shallow, and if he
is not an expert swimmer the chances are
that he will never come back. I can re
call dozens of such cases in my time as
keeper of the lake. There are signs posted
up everywhere warning people to 4 keep out ;
of the water, but they pay no attention to ,
them.
"Mrs. Woods acknowledged to me that
she had noticed the signs but could not
deny her children the pleasure of a few
minutes' wading. These grounds were
closed to the public for a number of years
but it was almost impossible to keep them
out, as it is an ideal spot for a picnic and
wild flowers of all kinds abound. Addi
tional si.mis warning all to keep out of
the water were put up and the grounds
thrown open to the public and this is the
result. There are two mounted keepers
here all the time, but the stretch of
country we patrol is so large that it is
Impossible for us to watch the whole
lake. Whenever we find any one in the
water we at once order them off the
premises." .
CYCLE MEET ENTRIES.
Handicaps for the Olympic Races on
Next Sunday.
The entries and handicaps for the
Olympic Wheelmen's big race meet to be
held next Sunday at the club's outside
f rounds have been announced. Official
iandicapper Robert A. Smyth did the
handicapping, and the result of his work
with the entrants is as follows:
One mile, handicap,- professional— First heat:
Iver Lawson, Chicago, scratch; Frank Cotter,
Washington, 20 yards; Charles S. Wells, San
Francisco, 45; John Chapman, Georgia, 70;
Clem Turville, Philadelphia, M.
Second heat— Eddie L .art, Buffalo, 10 yards;
I Tom Barnaby, Boston. 30; Al Weinig, Buffalo,
i 55; John Lawson, Chicago, 70; Oscar Julius,
I Sweden, 95.
. First, second and third in each heat to qualify
r for the final.
Half a mile, scratch, amateur— First h«at:
Walter J. Davidson. Ira Chapman, Bay City
Wheelmen: George Tantau, H. E. Anthony,
Olympic Wheelmen; George • Cramer, unat
tached.
Second beat- Ben Noonan, Arthur Davidson,
Bay city Wheelmen; a. T. Smith, Acme; _
H. White, H. D. Bean, George Kroetz, Olym
pics.
Third heSt— E. F. Russ, Olympic; Ivan Tread
well, W. B. lx)n_r\vlll, Ralph Robinson, Bay
City; B. McNess, Olympic. '
First in each heat an.l second In two fastest
heats qualify for the final.
One mile, handicap, .amateur— First heat—
E. F. Russ, . Olympic, scratch; Ben Noonan
Bay City, is yards; F. E. Rodolph, Olympic'
60; George Cramer, unattached, SO; w if
Lonß-'lll, Bay City, 90.
Second heat— Walter .1. Davidson, Bay City
15 yards; Ivan Treadwell. Bay City, 40; T h
White. Olympic, 55; A. T. Smith. Acme' 75 '•
H. E. Anthony, Olympic, 86; Ed McNess'
Olympic, 100. - '
Third George Tantau, Olympic 20
yards; Ralph Roblson, Bay city. .35; H* D
Bean. Olympic, 70; George Kroetz, Olyrnnic
90; Ira Chapman, Bay City. 110. * vc '
The Bay City Wheelmen held their an
nual vaudeville entertainment last even
ing. and the crowd which attended filler.
Native Sons' Hair to overflowing The
programme was given in The Call vps
terday. After the entertainment dancing
was indulged in until midnight, it -wai
voted one of the most successful affair,
the club has ever given. anairs
The Bay^City Club will hold a ten-mil*
road race Sunday, the _:-',<! Inst., as a rein v
try-out over the course from Fruity,
to Haywards. - : 'yy " Il
FANCY CHIN-AWARE DAT.
Some articles cut 60 per cent.
Some articles cut 50 per cent' v
ODDS AND ENDS. HALF PRICE
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Stores Everywhere.
NEPHEW HUNTINGTON
AGAIN STEPS DOWN
He Abdicates the First Vice Presi=
dency of the S. P. of California.
______________________
George Crocker Triumphantly Accepts Another Nicely
Gilded Brick From the Crafty Old President
of the Kentucky Corporation.
PURSUANT to that compact struck in
New York City in February last be
tween George C. Crocker, represent
ing the warring Crocker and Stan
ford interests, and C. P. Huntington, pres
ident of the Southern Pacific of Kentucky
and California and several other States,
Mr. Huntington yesterday smilingly prof
fered to Mr. Crocker another exquisitely
gilded brick in the resignation of Nephew
H. E. Huntington from the first vice pres
idency of the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company of California. Mr. Crocker ac
cepted with thanks and submitted to his
election to succeed his rival.
Just what has been given Mr. Crocker
in return for the absolute power he has
gladly laid at the feet of the crafty presi
dent of the corporation most of the courts
of the country have so far been unable to
discover. The Southern Pacific of Cali
fornia consists principally of its title and
incorporation papers. Its capital stock
to the last share is owned by the Southern
Pacific of Kentucky, a distinctly different
and independent organization. Every one
of its lines in this and other States is tied
up in the bourbon corporation, save the
eighty-mile narrow gauge road to Santa
Cruz and two or three other lines of even
lesser magnitude, which only operate
when the snow is light and little wind
blowing.
Of the dual corporation the Kentucky
company is the soul, if the Southern Pa
cific can be alleged to possess a soul, and
although it does not own a mile of track
or a stick of bridge timber, it owns the
stock and has absolute administration
over every dollar's worth of property the
Southern Pacific of California was incor
porated to protect. ::* - ;
In the Kentucky concern, Mr. Crocker,
by the deal of Thursday last, gained noth
ing, but H. E. Huntington's resignation
as assistant to the president and the
abolition of that position. He himself ad
vanced not a. peg, but remained as he has
been, second vice president. He gained
to himself no power nor the hope of any,
but merely ridded himself and the Stan
ford interests of a position and an of
ficial that were personally obnoxious.
By the resignation of H. E. Huntington
yesterday from the first vice presidency of
the California corporation. Mr. Crocker
gained that office and the active manage
ment when the elder Mr. Huntington is
in the East of about eighty miles of nar
row gauge track and its rolling stock.
In return for these two questionable
concessions Mr. Crocker has handed over
to Mr. Huntington absolute supremacy
of the entire Southern Pacific system to
be swung for a year at least to which
ever end the crafty head of that institu
tion may will It.
For a sop thrown to his vanity and per
sonal dislike he has given over to a man
who has time and again demonstrated
that he can use it to his own best ad
vantage the votes and influence that Mrs.
Stanford and his brother fought for years
to prevent C. P. Huntington from ac
quiring, and those faithful henchmen who
sit each year with bated breath waiting
their chief's annual arrival are rubbing
their hands out of pure joy for their
greatest victory so cheaply bought.
The compact made by Crocker in New
York carries with it the weight of Mrs.
Stanford's two directors' votes, and she,
more experienced in the wiles and ways
of the man who robbed her husband of
his presidency and then tried to steal his
good name, has sought to turn him from
a contract that would prove ruin before
aught else should come of it. To those
who are informed of the inner workings
of the big building on Market street the
conditions of the pact have been known
for weeks, and although Mrs. Stanford
and her advisers have argued with
Crocker and laid before him the fact that
C. P. Huntington only quits a fight when
he is not beaten, he has persisted in his
course, and the magnate's antagonists
have now lined up in a solid phalanx,
resolved to make the best of a bad bar
gain and, if possible, force him to extend
to Crocker his rights and privileges and
the same mede of power that he allowed
his ambitious nephew.
That Mr. Crocker has been a willing
victim to as clever a confidence game as
Huntington ever perpetrated is a fact too
patent for them to overlook, but it is too
late to get out of it, save by fighting it
through, and if possible winning for their
inexperienced leader the president's man
tle when he shall give up his faculties
to increasing age or be blotted entirely
from any but past considerations.
Nephew Huntington was designed by his
uncle as his successor and was consid
ered by him an apt and satisfactory pu
pil. At this late day in his expensive
training it is not likely that the astute
old man will give Up his fight to that end,
particularly when he has discovered how
much can be bought at so small a price.
As to his intentions with regard to the
administration of the Santa Cruz road
Mr. Crocker has as yet made nothing
public, but a statement is expected within
the next few days.
As a result of the meeting of the South
ern Pacific directors yesterday the list of.
officers of the California corporation is as
follows: C. P. Huntington, president;
George C. Crocker, first vice president;
Thohias 11. Hubbard, second vice presi
dent; N. T. Smith, treasurer, and J. L.
Willcutt, secretary.
NO CHANGE IN DIRECTORS.
Market-Street Railway Stockholders
Hold Their Annual Meeting.
The officials of the Southern Pacific and
Market Street Railway Company did lit
tle else in the big building at Montgomery
and Market streets yesterday besides hold
annual and weekly meetings. The heads
of the different departments were absent
from their offices for the better part of
the day, at one meeting or another.
The stockholders of the Market street
Railway held their annual meeting In the
offices of H. E. Huntington In this inorij
ing. Directors for the ensuing your wore
elected, but there was no change front th_
list of last year. Neither wore (h. :,- any
plans for future improvement dl.-ioiias-od,
nor anything else dona say« the yon dim? of
the report of the directors to the stv>oU*
holders upon last year's t>u-iti\o*t«,
The director's elected were Hi K. Hunt,
ington, Charles Holbroo* AWtUM May
ward, C. G. hntUi'iip, 1, V\ M.Uniau.
George Crocker, l>\ H, ivntty, N\ ft .*lu.N.
and .1. i- WMo.uM. i '<■ v \\lll Olvol at a
o'clock thlH afternoon rot* tho b\_.*po__ of
electing ottUvrs- for \\\* oost >«*..
The Geary Htroot I'mmmnv met yw>t«>v*
day and id., tho Mrtvkol stive. >»\!»'.ot\\
mad.- no entUlßei m H* *.nov>Uvvet*v no«»
directors  ,1, . i.a n. •■ "•_.«■• mitvilvm*
i, m. i; I>\ NWtWwj Aftim" MHO*.. w-.U.
Crocker, P\ b. Chniu*- x\\ V. pouth ftfta *v
1,. wiiioutt, , .. . .
Thi we»Hlv- IBMtlMt^„U_l BW«.l-_- «
the Soul bent _^wi.«?i\ftUrMv\ _\>m_^«j*
and the Central Pacific were also held,
but nothing occurred of more than pass
ing importance.
DRILL CORPS EXHIBITION.
Large Crowd Greets California Com
mandery Last Night.
A grand exhibition drill by the drill J^
corps of the California Commandery,*"
Knights Templar, was given at Odd
Fellows' HeRI last evening. It was pre
liminary to the competitive drill to be
given at Sacramento on April 22, in which
California Commandery No. 1; Los An
geles Commandery No. 9, San Jose Com
mandery No. 10 and Golden Gate Com
mandery No. 16 will participate. The hall
was tastefully decorated with bunting,
ferns and Masonic emblems, and sus
pended from the ceiling hung a large cen
ter piece of spangled pennants, tinsel and
blue apd yellow bunting. * ■■ . .
When the drill commenced at 9 o'clock
the hall was well filled with spectators.
The following composed the drill corps:
R. P. Hurlburt captain: Sirs L. A. Lar
sen, O. F. Westphal. John Tonningsen,
M. ciaussenius, C. T. Wendell. E. Q.
Macßainc, J. F. Clark. T. L. Hill, N. D.
Piatt, H. B. Ream, Frank W. Marston,
G. H. Newman, H. N. Westphal, J. C.
Crooks, George C. Perkins, H. L. Day, W.
R. .lost, R. W. Smith. A. A. Batkin, R.
L. Hathorn, B. N. Rowley. Charles Bone,
O. J. Humphrey. P. P. ball, Henry As
croft, E. N. Borg, J. S. Ewing. J. G. Lei
bold. J. T. Gates and F. W. Titus.
A dance followed the drill and the even
ing was enjoyably spent.
WORK OF THE GRAND JURY.
Ship-Owners Protest Against Charges
for Opening Fourth-Street
Drawbridge. T '
The Grand Jury has been asked to grant
ship owners relief from what they claim
to be extortion in the matter of charges j
made for vessels passing through the **%
Fourth street drawbridge after 6 o'clock
in the evening. The .bridge tender is paid
by the city to tend the drawbridge' dur
ing the hours of daylight. It has been
his practice heretoforce to charge a fee
of $4 for opening the draw for the pas
sage of vessels after the close of his stip
ulated hours of labor. A protest was
filed with the Board of Supervisors some
time ago, but it has received no atten
tion. Yesterday the members .of the firm
of the J. S. Kimball Company appeared
before the Grand Jury, and after stat
ing the facts of the case asked that some
action be taken to relieve shipping men
of this apparently unnecessary and un
called for tax on commerce. The mem
bers of the Grand Jury promised to in
vestigate the matter.
The Grand Jury has also been asked
to bring an indictment against Arthur J.
Sanchez, a young man who was arrested
some time ago on a charge of criminally
assaulting a little girl. The witness to
the alleged act testified before the jury
yesterday.
Violating Allotment Law.
Secretary Furuseth of the Coast Sea
man's Union appeared yesterday before
Shipping Commissioner Gwin with a sailor
named J. McDonald and complained that
John Savory and H. Brown, shipping mas
ters, had violated the allotment law. A
warrant was issued for their arrest.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
We fit
your^
eyes!
Fit them as they should be fitted. Our
optical department is in charge of an ex-
pert optician. If you are troubled with
defective vision arising from any cause
come and see us and we will examine your
eyes free of all charge. "We can save you
as much money on your oculist's pre-
scription as we do on your doctor's pre-
scription. If your glasses don't fit your
nose, bring them in. we'll adjust them—
won't cost you a cent.
ALL WORK GUARANTEED.
Photo Supplies.
A full line of cameras and photo sup-
plies always* on hand. Cameras from
$_:.__> upward.
WE GIVE TRADING STAMPS.
_^_l _A I* — '/>
nOr drug & *
L V^949-951 MARlifrlSl
"JT "*~~ NEXT TO_ HA LE BROS. — -»
NEW DIRECT CONSIGNMENT
Jiint Taken Out of the Custom House ln San
Francisco.
¥ 1 RUGS
To Be Sold at AUCTION,
Commencing THURSDAY, April 13.
At 10.30 a. m. and 2:30 p. m.
125 GEARY ST.
We received Imperative Instructions to sell
out thla unsurpassed collection without reserve.
IV not fall to attend. Oooda on view Wednes-
day.
TURKISH RUG CO.
A. W, LOUDERBACK. Auctioneer.
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
»'.i c.\. our* of Gonorrhoea, Gleets, Strictures
ami dim I i_\tu« . imptainta or the Organs o£
QenfrAtt-Ai :-,. A
I>|- IV a bot Ho, For sale by druggists.
Willi's Mian Vepialle Pills,
Aw *wV"'o*led*M by thousands of persona'
wno nav-* u*p»\ them for forty years to cura
PACK HKAIUCHK. im*V*INESB, CONSTI*
rAY.WN. Yvrv-M l.tver. ci* Stomach, Plow
V.** «n>l _>WMfy the Wood*