VOLUME LXXXV-KO. 44.
ALAMEDA'S TRUSTED REPRESENTATIVE
BETRAYER OF HIS CONSTITUENTS
ONE MORE VICTIM GAINED BY
THE SOULLESS CORPORATION
Howard Wright Enrolls His Name on the Black List
of Dan Burns.
A WEAK EXPLANATION CONFESSES DEGRADATION
Notwithstanding the Most Corrupt Senatorial Situation in California's Legislative
History the Ballots Demonstrate the Utter Hopelessness of
the Mexican's Contest.
FROM THE CALL OF TUESDAY.
Burns polled his full strength to-day. The twenty-four votes given him
on the first ballot are all that he has been able to secure by means of his
political influence, the influence of W. F. Herrin of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, the offer of patronage under the control of Governor Gage and intimi
dation offered by a crowd of political highbinders whose reputations are as
unsavory as that of their master. From this time forward any accession of
strength must be gained by bribery. To learn the names of the legislators
who accept the money of Burns and the railroad company in return for their
votes the public has but to watch for the names of those who, from this
time forward, enroll themselves under the Burns banner.
PALL HEADQUARTERS. I
I SAt KAMENTO, Jan. 12.
Yesterday C. B. JH_SON OF SIS-
Xl YOU vole(1 for D - M - Burns, he hav
ing voted for Grant on the first ballet.
To-day HOWARD E. WRIGHT OF
BERKELEY voted for D - M - Burns >
he Having voted for Bulla on the first
and second ballots.
It. .was a spectacle that is, fortunate
ly. ..^••!dom ■witnessed in a legislative as
semblage. Jilson is new in politics and
the- tempting bribe of a patronage po-
Fltiop was too much for his honesty.
With Wright it was different. With an
unimpeachable record as a legislator
he- was honored with the position of
Speaker of the Assembly, and had he
remained true to the principles that
have -endeared him to his constituents,
he obuld have demanded and would
have- received almost any office within
the. gift of the people of the State. In
ptead, he has elected to cast his lot
V it.h the gamblers, touts, saloonkeepers
and political shysters who form the tail
to Pan Burns' kite.
In doing this Mr. Wright has the
grace /to acknowledge that he is
aware that he has not the support of
a majority of the people who elected
him and whose servant he is. He ad
mits that he was sent to the Legisla
ture to express the will of his con
stituents, hut he acknowledges the
betrayal of his trust and declares his
intention to turn a deaf ear to the
prayers of his people.
Beyond tl,- fall of Wright and the
d^fegtion of Assemblyman O. H. Huber
of Los Anjjeleß. to whom more extended
reference Will be made in this story, the
Senatorial situation remains un- ■
changed. Burns' weakness was dis
eiowd on Tuesday and the events of ;
ye.sterday and to-day have only served j
tcaccentuate it.
The man from Mexico came to Sacra
mento with the strength of the South
ern Pacific Company behind him; with j
f he control of the patronage of Gov- I
ernor Gage; with a following of polit- !
leal heelers from every town and city j
In th* State and with the boast that he I
The San Francisco Call.
had enough votes a nd_to spare to elect
him "United' States Senator. .Now, after
five ballots . have been taken/? he can
only show a miserable total of twenty
six votes, and to retain these he has
had to resort to every artifice known
to political tricksters. •
The Senatorial situation, as it exists
to-day, is in one sense more . corruDt
than any that has ever disgraced the
legislative history of the State. Every
wirepuller, Federal ever disgraced the
dative history of the State. Every
puller. Federal official and politi
cal pap-sucker in the State has been
brought to Sacramento to assist in pro
moting Burns' candidacy. Besides other
influence it required the efforts of four
Justices of the Supreme Court to pull
Howard E. Wright from a path of
t rectitude and honor and force him to
1 say the words that seal the sentence of
his own political ruin. So much is ac
knowledged by Wright himself.
I the words that seal the sentence of
own political ruin. So much is ac
wledgod by Wright himself,
One of these eminent jurists is Su
preme Justice McFarland. He has tem
porarily deserted the bench where the
cause of the people is so neglected that
it requires months and sometimes years
to secure a hearing," to come to Sacra
mento to do the bidding of the railroad
company, whose servant he is. and of
Dan Burns, who is his master. The
Call opposed the nomination of this
man and did nothing to secure his
election for reasons stated at the time
of the meeting of the convention, and
the truth of ■ which is now made ap
parent. . /
Of Assemblyman O. • H. . Huber there
is much to say, and none of it is to his
credit. He came to Sacramento under
instructions from his county i conven
tion to support Bulla. Last night he
attended a caucus of the Bulla forces
and positively and specifically agreed
to remain true to Bulla until a major
ity of the caucus subscribed to the same
agreement. To-day Huber voted once
for Bulla and then, without notifica
tion of his intentions, deserted the
Bulla camp and went over to Grant.
The breach of faith was so flagrant
as to lay Mr. Huber liable to the im
putation that he has accepted of the
good things intentions, deserted is
camp and went over to Grant,
breach of faith was so flagrant
lay Mr. Huber liable to the im
ion that he has accepted of the
things that the San Dlegan is
creOited with handing out to those who
promise to support his candidacy. Such
charges are being made openly here
to-night,^ and when Mr. i Huber goes
home to his constituents he will have
to make some explanations that may
prove embarrassing.
Three ballots . taken to-day in joint
convention --demonstrated the utter
hopelessness^ of the Burns cause in the
Senatorial struggle. ; After all the
boastings and vauntings of strength in
reserve to be displayed as the voting
progressed the Candelaria colonel could
not muster on the third ballot to-day
more than twenty-six votes.. Even the
touts were chagrined when the motion
to adjourn came from the Burns camp
and was resisted by the Grant men in
the convention.
Poor Howard E. Wright, the man. in
whom the people of Alameda once re
posed confidence, cc-uld hardly utter the
words which signified his disgrace. .
" In the State library immediately pre
ceding the session of the convention
Bulla and Wright had high words.
When the Speaker asserted that he had
not solemnly promised to stand by
Bulla from the first to- the last Senator
Bulla replied: "You lie." The Speaker
said in a tone of resignation: "It can
not be helped." In some circles con
tempt is expressed. for Wright, but the
general expression is one of profound
sympathy. It is clear to all that he
know the path of. honor and duty, but
did not have ' the courage and manli
ness to follow it. The pressure of the
politicians ; was .too great for his . weak
character ■to resist. The applause of
the touts, '; which ■ proclaimed to the au
dience assembled In the Capitol the
news that his public career, once ,so
promising and bright, had ended in
shame and degradation, was not music
to the ears of the Speaker. • .
The soulless ■ railroad corporation.' In
he soulless railroad corporation. In
the pulling down of Howard E. Wright,
Continued on Second Pace.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, JANUARY 13, 1899.
SPEAKER WRIGHT'S VOTE CAUSES SURPRISE.
THE FIFTH BALLOT
• ■ .. ;-: <fJJti
•' For Barnes— Senators ; Dick- (
iinon, 1 I. noli n 1 n K«"r, - Morehonse, ; (
' trat lon ; • Assemblymen , A her- {
ton, ! i Imiuli, •'■ K nl«rh tm, ■ Know- i
land. Lardner. Maentcr— lO. ( ' .-r. '
■ For Balla— Senator* Carrier, ;
Simpson i' c Assemblymen ■ ' Bel- i
Klinvr, Conrey, Coaper, ■ Mellick, i
Miller, of I, or Angeles, Robin- i
■on, Valentine— ' - •'. (
'-.■•.■■:'•, '. v:-': -' '■" ■.•■' ■ 5<
For Burns— Senators <
Bet man, Burnett,
Hoey, Laird, Leavitt, (
Shortridge, Wolfe; As- <
semblymen Arnerich, <
Barry, Beecher, Cobb, :
Devoto, Dibble, Henry, ]
JILSON, Johnson, Kel- j
sey, Kelley, Kenneally, ■ <
Lundquist, . Me Keen, <
I Miller of San Fran- ; '
Cisco, Pierce, Rickard, \ ]
Eugene - Sullivan, (
WRIGHT— 26. <
• For .Grant— Senators j Boyce,-(
Cutter, ". Jones, Mnpricnr<l. Ifmtt, <
Smith, Trbntt;- -Anaemhlynien' (
Bllaa, Blood/ Cargrlll,: Clark, (
(ri)ivilor, ' Dole, De . Lancie, (
GreenTvell, Cheno^reth,', !.<■ Bar- (
ron, McDonald of Alameda, . Me- (
Donald .of Tnolmnne, Merrill, ;(
Merritt, Millce, Radcliff, Ranb, <
Raw, Work*, Hnber — " : <
For Knisht— Senator Gillette,; (
AfMemblyman Itoynton 2. :••_.", (
For Felt on — Assemblymen ;(
Brown, Marvin — 2. (
For — Senator Davis,* As- (
aemblyman Diinlap— 2. ..'•.'<
For Rosenfeld— Senator Fee- i
ney— -1. ■ -■ ! "'■_ C^pli
For Senators Flint, <
Rowell — 2. <
For Paterson — Senator Taj-- (
lor, iililynmn l.n 'Barcc— — 2/- (
. For Estee— Assemblymen An- -(
Wade — 2. ,• \ . •;.-.'; ', (
(
SPEAKER WRIGHT'S SUPPORTERS
SAY HE HAS DISGRACED THEM
The Recalcitrant Assemblyman Bitterly Denounced
by Former Friends.
NO TERMS TOO STRONG FOR HIS CONDEMNATION
Republicans in All Parts of His District Express Their Humiliation Over the
Disgrace Which Has Been Cast Upon Them by Their Trusted
Representative in the Legislature.
WRIGHT'S FORMER FRIENDS DENOUNCE HIM.
Hundreds of the former friends and supporters of Speaker Howard
Wright in his district yesterday expressed themselves in strongest terms
of condemnation of his action in voting for D. M. Burns for United States
Senator, and from those expressions it is readily seen that the young man
has dug his political grave by betraying the trust placed in him by the people
of Alameda County.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Jan. 12.
The announcement that Speaker How
ard Wright had cast his vote for United
! States Senator for Dan M. Burns ere
! ated such surprise in this county that
th*» information required substantiat
ing before it was believed.
Assemblyman Wright's present home
in East Oakland and his old home
at Berkeley, which two places consti
tute his Assembly district, were more
shocked than if an earthquake had vis
ited them.
This Assembly district Is one of the
most substantial and conservative in
the county, and it has always sent to
the Legislature a map with a record for
honesty and steadfastness. Two years
agn Mr. Wright wa§ elected to the As
sembly, and his career in the last Legis
lature led his supporters to believe that
the estimate they had formed of his
character was correct, and when he ex
pressed a desire to succeed .himself he
found little difficulty in being re
elected.
Throughout the campaign Mr. "Wright
made many speeches and caused it to
be well known that he was against Mr.
De Young for United States Senator.
He made this declaration in the streets
of Berkeley, and on several occasions he
declared that no one affiliated with the
railroad company should be accorded
his vote for Senator. Mr. Wright's
initial vote on the question for Senator
Bulla was regarded as evidence that he
intended to keep his ante-election prom
ises. When he followed this up by vot
ing on the second day for Bulla his dis
trict was satisfied that it could trust
him.
When he was assailed by the Burns
followers and charged with being a
traitor to Burns, to whom it was al
leged he had promised his vote, hun
dreds of his warmest supporters flocked
to his defense, and were perfectly will
ing to go on record as expressing their
utmost confidence in their Assembly
man. More than this, they repudiated,
on Mr. Wrights assertion that it was
so, the statements of the Burns men
that he was tied up to the railroad com
pany, and that as time went by he
would be found in the Burns camp.
These assurances of support and these
many offers of defense were hardly ut
tered ere the news came that Speaker
Wright had fulfilled the prediction of
his enemies and had disgraced himself
and betrayed his district.
When the first spasm of surprise had
passed away indignation was rampant,
and hundreds of the very best men in
Mr. Wright's Assembly district de
nounced in unmeasured terms the ac
tion of their representative. No one
acquainted with the public feeling in
Berkeley or East Oakland can possibly
argue that there is the least kindly
feeling toward Mr. Burns in those dis
tricts. Mr. Burns' character and meth
ods of doing politics are as far re
moved from the character of the men
whom the Seventh Ward and Berkeley
would have to represent them in the
United States Senate as Maguireism is
removed from McKinleyism. Having
lived in the district many years, and'
having ably represented it in one J^gis
lature, Mr. Wright knew, and It was
his duty to know, perhaps better than
any other individual, that Mr. Burns
is not the choice of that large district.
Further down in this article will be
found expressions of opinion concerning
Mr. Wright from men who stand high
est in the Republican party in the
Speaker's Assembly district. These
men are neighbors, and have been sup
porters and admirers of Mr. Wright.
In their own words they express sur
prise, indignation and abhorrence of
the action of their representative at
Sacramento tn-day.
After surprise and indignation, curi
osity was aroused, and everybody was
demanding to know why Mr. Wright's
position on such an important matter
had changed. No valid reason could b'^
suggested and several arguments were
made that would not have been pleas
ing to Mr. Wright, and which that gen
tleman might consider lilielous if he
saw them in print.
Neither was the situation improved
to any marked extent when an after
noon paper published an "explanation"
which Mr. Wright had given to a re
porter in Sacramento. Mr. Wright's
explanation is as follows:
"For over a week I have been engaged
in investigating carefully the charges
made by the newspapers against Colonel
Burns, and I am ready to say that I be
lieve them to be unqualifiedly false. I
mean the charges that he was short in
his accounts in Yolo County and else
where and that he is a desperate crim
inal.
"Yes, I had opportunities for Investiga
tion this week which I did not have be
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
fore, because a quantity of data has been
put into my hands by business men and
others, residents of Yolo County, wno
have come to me and told me that tne
stories are absolutely false. If the Sena
torial election should be left to the peo
ple of Yolo County I believe they would
decide in favor of Colonel Burns by an
overwhelming' majority.
"The people of Alameda County also
would decide in favor of Burns if they
understood him as I do. Assemblyman
Pierce of Yolo, who has known Hurmi
since childhood, was one of the sources
of my information. Pierce ip a graduate
of the State University, and a man of
high character.
"I have received from most authentic
sources information that a majority of
the members of the Supreme Court are
advocating the election of Burns. A great
many of the prominent business men of
San Francisco, with whom I am asso
ciated, are for him. Some of the residents
of my own district also have spoken to
me of Burns, but I cannot mention their
names without arousing comment.
"I believe that Burns is the best fitted
man for the Senatorship. No man is more
loyal to his friends. He is a man of
trained mind and has great organizing2
ALAMEDANS DENOUNCE SPEAKER WRIGHT
abilities. He can do more for "the State
than any one else. I want the people of
my district to study Burns and know him
as 'l have learned to know him, and then,
they will not disapprove of my course."
. This "explanation" was the blow that
stung almost as bitterly as the first an
. nouncement that Wright "had gone to
Burns." Mr. Wright will certainly be
called upon to mention the names of
those people in his district who spoke
to him of Burns, but whose names he
could not give "without arousing com
ment." • A thorough canvass of the two
sections of Mr. Wright's district fails
to reveal a single man of standing in
the community or whose opinion has
weight in the councils of the Repub
lican party who does not stand ready
to denounce openly the aspirations of
Mr. Burns, and of the men who are
• helping to crown California with dis
grace in the United States Senate.
Certainly there i? no desire to follow
Mr. Wright's example and to favor
Burns "if they understood him as I do."
Neither does anybody in Mr. Wright's
district thank him for the suggestion
"I want the people of my district to
-study Burns and know him as I have
learned to know him." whatever that
may indicate. When Mr. Wright re
turns to Oakland he will certainly be
called upon to explain how he came to
"know Mr. Burns." whom he has been
acquainted with but a short time, to the
. exclusion of his knowledge of the peo
ple who sent him to Sacramento to
honor them and himself.
Nor are there those who are slow to
remark that Mr. Wright has been part
ly cajoled and browbeaten by those
Burns men who charged him with rep
resenting a church district of "rice eat
ers •nd long hairs." who believe in
lengthy prayers and smart turns of
business, and to whom Dan Burns Is
like a son of Belial.
There are yet some who believe that
when I.ir. Wright realizes how: abso
lutely repulsive his action is to his sup
porters and how thoroughly antagonis
tic everything suggestive of or con
nected with Dan Burns is to his As
sembly district, he will remedy his fa
tal mistake and regain the esteem of
his friends. In the meantime his ac
tion is the foremost subject of conver
sation throughout this end of the coun~
try-
ALL OF ONE MIND.
Bow Speaker Wright's Action Is
Viewed by Bis District.
CITY ATTORNEY DOW— I have been
elected to office by the Republican party
from Mr. Wright's Assembly District for
six years, and 1 think I know the feeling
of that district. It is certainly and al
most unanimously against Mr. Burns and
all that he represents;. Speaker Wright,
who lives in my ward, knows this as well
as I 80, and knows that he is not repre
senting- his district when he votes for Mr.
•Burn?. His doing so is a great surprise
to me.
JUDGE A. W. BISHOP— I cannot
think what could have induced Mr.
Wright to so thoroughly debase him
self and destroy his political future
by voting for Burns. I should have
thought that his family connections,
if nothing else, would have kept the
young man from taking such a false
step. I cannot make myself believe
Wright is in earnest and yet hope
that he will redeem himself and show
his manhood and loyalty to this
county by repudiating all connection
with Burns.
ATTORN KY W. H. WASTE— I have
lived In Berkeley a long time and want
through the State University and per
haps know the feeling of that tuvn as
well as anybody. If Mr. Burns was the
last man on earth for the place I believe
Berkeley would sooner we California's
seat in the Benate vacant than t<> have it
filled by Dan Burns.. Mr. Wright replied
In Berkeley many years and certainly
knows the temper of its citizens on this
lon. Wright has proved a great sur-
EX-CITY ATTORNE? JOHNSON— Dan
Burns has not so far a? I know a single
admirer In th- Seventh Ward, and I can
not understand how my neighbor, Mr.
"Wright, ciiii vote tor him. Such a vote
certainly does not represent East Oak
land, .Mid 1 do not presume to know what
■
W. 11. WALL— I have lived in East Oak
land all my life and voted fur Mr. Wright.
along with every other Republican in this
district. Had there been
the i< • stion that he would favor
a man like Dan Burus he would n
] ;i\ c been ■ >m this district.
M. J. KELLER— To put it very mildly,
I ■mi surprised at Mr. Wright's vofc i :
certainly il>..-s not express the wishes of
his district . know it.
IRGE RUSSELL l certainly no
Jqnger consider thai Assemblyman How-
Wright represents this district whea
• r Dan Burns for United Statt-g
Senator. ! lay be all right for
pome thing*, but this !s :•• them.
I would not hav< 1 Wright
known that he might be likely to vote
for Burns.
DR. N. K. FOSTER, M. D., resid
ing at 1266 Twenty -third avenue, is
a good Republican who voted,
worked and shouted for Howard
Wright during the last campaign.
At that time he considered Wright
one of the best men available for the
high honor of Assemblyman, and he
regarded him as a man standing al
ways on the side of the people. Here
is what he said to-day:
"If Howard Wright thinks more
of the 'Railroad Push' tnan he does
of the people he was sent to represent,
all right; but he will find out his mis
take very soon. If the Lord will only
forgive me for voting for Wright I
will never do so again. I am really
sorry that Wright has voted for
Burns for Senator and his action has
caused the biggest kind of a surprise
in this district."
J. W. EVANS — I never supposed that
Wright would vote for Dan Burns. Really
| I can't see now where the Inducement
! came in for him to do so. J have feH
. great pleasure in the fact that he was
not voting for Burns, and I presume
i everybody else in this district felt llke
' wise. I don't understand why he changed,
nor does anybody else know. I am really
sorry be did bo, and I am confident that
i if he should run for the Assembly to-mor
row, the people knowing what they do
now. he could never again be elected. ]
do not like to denounce Wright, for I
!do not know his motives. Of late I have
heard that Wright might be found on the
i side of Burns and that Burns secured him
! the Speakership, but I would not be
! lieve it.
HARRY A. MELVIN. Chief Deputy
: District Attorney— lf Dan Burns has the
i Seqatorship he must have had the votes
. to give to Howard Wright for the Speak-
I ership. Of course, when the people voted
i for Wright, Dan Burns was not thought
of for Senator. I still hope for the best,
and it wouldn't surprise me, If the work
of The Call and Chronicle will yet result
in the election of a man like General
Barnes.
W. C. MASON, 366 East Fourteenth
} street— l didn't suppose he would vote for
Burns. It simply shows to my mind that
Wright does not represent this district,
and if ho should run for the Assembly to
morrow there wouldn't be a corporal's
guard who would vote for him, knowing
Be was for Dan Burns. I think Wright
might have discussed his position on the
United States Senatorial fight when he
-first came out for the Assembly, and then
we would have known what to do.
REV. C. M. HILL, Pastor of the
Tenth Avenue Baptist Church — I re
gard it a disgrace that a county of
Alameda's standing, intellectually
and morally, should be betrayed by
any of its representatives voting for
such a man as Colonel Dan Burns. I
consider that the election of a man
like Burns to the United States Sen
atorship would be a shame and a dis
grace to the civilization of California.
Surely, I cannot see how Asseblyman
Wright can feel that he represents
the convictions of the people of this
district when he casts his ballot for
Dan Burns. It is shameful.
REV. J. R. KNODELL, pastor of Pil
prim Congregational Church— l have no
use for any man who will delib
erately cast his vote for this man
Burns for I/Viited States Senator. That
is my opinion Bummed up as brief as
possible. I am chairman of a reform or
ganization, and I know how the good peo
ple feel in this matter. "We all worked so
zealously for Howard Wright's election to
the Assembly that we now feel disgusted
over his action in voting for Burns for
United States Senator. I know that we
. would not have done so had we enter
tained any idea that Wright was going to
. do as he did.
FRANK ADAMS, Deputy County
i Clerk— Well. I am curprised, to say the
1 least, and I do not see how those who
have spoken and written so favorably of
Wright can conciliate matters. 1 think
now that Wright should be hit as hard as
possible. Yet. when I come to look back
and consider how easily Howard Wright
walked into the Speakershlp, don't you
know it seemed very strange and even
: suspicious? There can be no doubt but
that the Burns camp knew where he stood
all the time.
REV. A. T. NEEDHAM, pastor of
the Eighth Avenue M. E. Church—
; Any man who votes for Daniel M.
Burns to represent California In tne
United States Senate does not, yea, he
; cannot, voice the sentiment of this dis
trict, and if Howard Wright has done this
it Is disgraceful. If the Republican party
votes for and indorses for United States
: Senator such a man as Dan Burns it
bodes party ruin. The party is doomed
I to certain ruin if it indorses Burns.'
REV. W. W. FREAR, Represent
ing the Congregational Foreign Mis
sionary Work on the Pacific Coast —
Wright's action in supporting Dan
Burns for United btates Senator is a
shame and a disgrace to this district.
DR. W. J. WILCOX— To say that lam
H'.iri.rised is putting It mildly. Why, I
thought from the start that Wright "was
i for F.irnes Nothing was ever further
: from my mind than to realize that Wright
I has voted foi Burns. I think It was notn
ing less than foolish on his nan. Hy his
action in this contest Wright shows
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. JAN U ART 13, 1899.
short sightedness and very poor politics,
to say the least.
W. H. FIFIELD— I feel that our As
semblyman, Howard Wright, has dis
graced himself. Mr. Wright no longer
represents his constituents at all. His
statement in an interview wherein he says
that he thinks he represents his district
by voting for Dan Burns is all false on
his part. It is awful and I don't believe
that any one would vote for Wright to
morrow if he should be running for office.
I say that I do not believe a man in this
county cotild be elected to represent the
people in the Legislature should he be
known to favor Burns for United States
Senator. Wright has simply disgraced
himself. ' ™ . ,
GEORGE D. METCALF-W right has
done very wrong. He has not represented
his interest. Berkeley considers itself
grossly betrayed. The feeling against
Wright's action Is fully as three to one.
GEORGE SCHMIDT— This thing is
outrageous. Speaker Wright should know
what Berkeley wants. He lived here long
enough to know. Burns is not our choice
and Wright knows it. Burns wants six
ty-one votes and in my opinion Wright
is just a dummy who is doing Burns' bid
ding.
DR. W. W. ALLEN— Wright's conduct
is very disappointing ajid very unsatis
factory- He would not have been elected
had he been suspected of being in the
Burns camp. Xo one in Berkeley wants
Burns andr-fi vote for him does us a great
injustice. ■
JUDGE GEORGE R. WILLIAMS,
Chairman of the Republican City-
Central Committee— What is my
opinion of Howard Wright's action in
voting for Dan Burns P Why, you can
say that I don't approve of it at all.
I was very much surprised when I
heard he had voted for Burns for
United States Senator. I don't think
his constituents approve of his action
either. Had we known before the
election last November that Wright
was going to vote for Burns we
would not have sent him to represent
us. I feel perfectly disgustel and
that doesn't half express my feel
ings.
DR. J. S. EASTMAN— I am greatly dis
appointed and cannot understand what
Wright is thinking about. Most certainly
we are not satisfied. There is nothing in
common between Burns and Assembly
man Wright's district.
E. S. GRAY— Assemblyman Wright has
done wrong. If he wants to know how
we wish him to vote we will at once in
form him. He says some of his constitu
ents have spoken to him of Burns. For
every one that may have mentioned
Burns there are a hundred opposed to
him. Wright cannot claim to represent
Berkeley and vote for Burns for United
States Senator.
F. G. CONKLIN— I hardly know what
to say. lam very much astonished. I
thought better of Howard "Wright than
that. I suppose now we may as well
send Burns to the Senate, as we cannot
send him to San Quentin. I feel that
the action of Howard Wright is a dis
grace to the State.
L. X. COBBLEDICK— Howard "Wright
would not have got my vote if I thought
he was going to act this way. I think
the whole affair was done as a trade.
Burns was probably behind the move
ment when Wright was nominated for the
Spc-akership. Wright is hot representing
his district in any way. There is no
(juestion as to that. Ido not think Cali
fornia would be well represented by
Burns. There are plenty of other good
men we could send to the Senate. Burns
has done nothing to recommend him be
sides figuring as a political boss. I guess
Howard Wright will not represent the
Fifty-first Assembly District after this
term. The people will not stand for such
actions.
R. H. CHAMBERLAIN— I am very
much surprised, indeed. I think the
change 'must have been made for some
other purpose than a good one, although
I do not want to cast reflections upon Mr.
Wright. I was glad when I saw that he
did not vote for Burns in the first two
ballots, and 1 am very sorry he has gone
over now. The people of Alameda will
suffer for his action. It was a very flimsy
excuse for him to say that several of his
constituents had asked him to vote for
Burns. Why don't he stand by himself.
He should have some stamina and back
bone. I think Burns would make a very
poor representative of California,
T. H. WAKEFIELD— It is just as I ex
pected. The railroad people knew who
they were nominating when they put
Wright up. He is representing railroad
interests instead of those of the people.
The railroad controls fifty men in this
ward, and they knew what they were do
ing in nominating Wright. He has not
carried out the supposed wishes of his
constituents. I have no doubt that W.
Baker and the railroad people knew how
Wright would stand before they nomi
•nated him.
M. S. HAMILTON— Wright ought to be
kicked out of the community. He has
not acted fair to those who elected him.
Of course he went to the Legislature un
pledged, but he knew the general senti
ment of the district. My opinion is that
neither Grant nor Burns will get elected.
However, of the two, I would prefer
Grant.
PROFESSOR J. T. WALLACE— It is an
outrage. I am mortified, as a citiaen of
California, when a man who Is a graduate
of the State University can fall down like
that. It is a disgrace to the State of
California. His going over to Burns will
probably have a bad effect on some of
the others. I suppose Wright is repre
senting race track interests as much as
anything else. He certainly is not repre
senting the intelligent class in the com
munity by any means. It is a shame that
a man will go there and act like that,
when there are so many good men in the
district who would be honored by the posi
tion. In a way I gave my indorsement
to Wright before his election. I was Sec
retary of the Anti-saloon League when
it indorsed several of the candidates,
Wright among the number.
H. M. CAMERON— It is certainly an
outrage. That is all I can say. I was
not disappointed in his action, because I
was expecting it from the way he was
hanging fire. He has in no way expressed
the sentiments of the people of this ward.
There is no use In my saying anything
further. If Wright was here, though. I
would say more to him. I am afraid
there are more hanging back like Wright
was.
C. H. DALY— I was very much aston
ished when I heard Wright had rone over
to Burns. I suppose he had good reasons
for the change. He probably owes his
speakership to Burns. I don't think his
constituents are pleased with the way
he has acted, although I am sure he made
no pledges. I think Wright was honest
in his flop, if you may call it such. There
are a great many people beginning to
think that Burns has been misrepresented
and that he would probably make a good
Senator.
H. P. CAPELL — You can express my
disapproval of Wright's action in just as
strong terms as you like. I am exceed
ingly disappointed in him. I am satisfied
he owes his chairmanship to the sup
port from the Burns contingent. He has
done nothing to show that he has been
representing those who elected him.
G. H. CHICK, Berkeley— To say I am
surprised at Wright's flop is putting it
mildly. Wright has disgraced himself
and even.' body that voted for him has
been betrayed. What will be the opinion
of the university town when it is known
that our representative voted for Dan
Burns?
JOHN E. BOYD— Assemblyman W r right |
has betrayed the confidence of the people |
of Berkeley, and if he were to come up
again for re-election he would not re
ceive a handful of votes. I cannot under
stand him at all. He has done so well in
the past that there must be some mate- !
rial reason for his sudden change of j
heart. Perhaps one may some day learn i
the secret.
E. P. BANCROFT— I would like ' to be
one of the number to tar and feather the '
man who voted for Burns. Three of j
Berkeley's leading men— J. W. Richards, j
G. H. Chick and Professor Boone — had j
the utmost confidence in him and vouched j
for his integrity, and all have been greatly
disappointed, as Wright promised he
would not vote for Burns. I consider we
have been grossly betrayed, and Wright
has covered himself with dishonor.
CITY TRUSTEE J. W. RICHARDS.
Berkeley— l am far from satisfied with
Speaker Wright's conduct, and I know !
that the people of this district feel as I j
do. Burns is not our choice and Wright
knows it as well as anybody. A short
time before the Legislature convened Mr.
Wright came to me and asked my opinion |
concerning the sentiment of the Republi- j
cans here about the Senatorship. I told
him emphatically that I thought the Re
publicans here would feel it a lasting
disgrace If their representative in the As- I
sembly should vote for Burns. I told him j
that his constituency here would look
upon Burns' election as one of the dark
est stains upon the Republican party in
this State. And this is not for reasons
Of party policy merely. It is because we
fvtl that Burns is altogether unworthy
of the high office which he seeks, and
that such a man would ruin the policy
and prevent the further succees of the
party, that we asked Mr. Wright to vote
against him.
J. NTCHOLSOX— Berkeley has no more
use for Howard Wright. We used to like
him and trusted him, but he has proved
to be unable to appreciate our confidence.
GEORGE LOW— Anybody who would
vote for Dan Burns is an enemy of Cali
fornia. W-right was not elected to vote
for him. but to represent this district,
and I know how Berkeley feels to-niprht.
Professor boone. Berkeley
BOARD OF EDUCATION— I expressed
myself yesterday, and you can juiiere of
my surprise and indignation from wh;it I
said then. Here it Is: "I know nothing
of Wright's political relations with Mr.
Burns and the railroad; but I know
mighty well enough to know this, that he
has a'mind of his own: that he is true to
his convictions; that he never promised
Mr. Burns his vote; that if he hail he
would have voted so. Wright is no cow
ard, and he cannot be intimidru-d. His
constituency must ndmire him for his in
dependence, whether it be the result of
politics or of 'church' influence. Let it go
at the latter. Berkeley and Oakland are
willing, and T think Wright can stand it."
A BILL TO CREATE
STATE HIGH SCHOOL FUND
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 12.— Assemblyman Cami
netti this morning introduced into the As
sembly a bill that provides for the crea
tion of a State high school fund and a
State tax of 2 cents on every hundred dol
lars of assessable property, the proceeds
to be used for school purposes. All moneys
derived from said tax must annually be
divided by the Superintendent of Public
Instruction equally among the several
counties and cities and counties of the
State.
The amount so apportioned muet be ex
pended for support of a county or city
and county high school, and the Board of
; Education may divide the amount ap
{ portioned in each county or city and
I county among all high schools in its
! jurisdiction. As a condition precedent to
the receipt of this aid strict compliance
with the following provisions of the act
is required:
That all buildings and other require
ments for a high school be furnished and
kept in order without expense to tho
State; that a course of study approved by
the Superintendent of Public Instruction
shall be taught therein; that all gradu
ates of grammar schools In the county
be entitled to enter as students therein;
the County Superintendent of Schools
must annually and oftener If required re
port to the Superintendent of Public In
j struction the condition of all high schools
in his county.
The Superintendent of Public Instruc
tion or a deputy must visit once in each
year all high schools receiving State aid
•nd prescribe a course of instruction
therefor calculated to prepare "pupils for
admission to the agricultural, mining or
scientific departments of the University
of California, as well as for the practical
duties of life."
The moneys shall be paid to each county
quarterly by order of the Superintendent
of Public Instruction. The bill was given
its first reading and referred to the Edu
cation Committee.
FOR THE ERECTION OF
AN EXECUTIVE MANSION
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 12. - This session of the
Legislature will be called upon to deter
mine whether the State shall provide a
sujtable home for the Governor. Senator
Doty of Sacramento introduced a biU to
oay appropriating $55,000 for the erection
of an executive mansion to be completed
within two years.
Under the terms of the bill a commis
sion consisting of three members, who
sh;ill serve without compensation, but
will be allowed reasonable contingent ex
penses, shall have charge of the construc
tion of the building . The mansion is to
be located on the Capitol grounds and
the architecture shall be in harmony with
the Capitol building. Competitive designs
may be called for and the commission is
authorized to expend $1000 in prizes 'for
designs. Th^ building is to be constructed
of California stone. The bill was referred
to the Committee on Public Buildings.
A bill providing for an executive man
sion has also been introduced in the As
sembly, but it differs from Senator Doty's
measure in that it appropriates $75,000
for the purpose.
Clara Barton tells about the work
of the Bed Cross in Cuba in next
Sunday's CalL
BARNES NOT
A RAILROAD
CANDIDATE
Tbe General Denounces the Re
port as a Scheme of His
Enemies.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 12, — Telegrams were re
ceived here to-night from San Fran
cisco to the effect that a story is in cir
culation in the metropolis that General
W. H. L. Barnes is the railroad candi
date and that Sproule and other rail
road men were in a saloon offering to
wager $200 to $500 that Barnes would be
elected.
General Barnes was asked to-night if
there was any truth in the rumor from
the city. He replied: "There is not
a word of truth in it. In my judg
ment the whole thing was planned and
concocted by the enemy at this end
of the line and was designed to prevent
members of the Legislature from com
ing to my support in this contest. The
story on its face is false. In the first
place William Sproule is not a sport
ing or betting man and does not fre
quent saloons. He is a quiet, reserved
business man, whose time is passed
after business hours at his home.
"I am positive," continued the gen
eral, "that this is a scheme to make
the members of the Legislature believe
that I am the railroad's candidate and
by causing this belief restrain them
from voting for me. I am here almost
I alone making this fight. I have with
I me a few loya! and devoted friends, but
\ I have not the support of the State
Central Committee or the push. I have
I not the support of the railroad com
| pany nor have I money or patronage at
jmy disposaJ. My campaign is clean
j and open and can be seen as it is. I
would be glad to receive honorable
support from any quarter and certain
ly would have no objection if friends of
the railroad company should vote for
me. It is my belief that the statement
implying that I am the railroad candl
| date emanated from the enemy here in
| Sacramento. It is absolutely without
truth and was designed by influences
hostile to me."
ONE MORE
VICTIM GAINED
Continued from First Page.
has added the name of another bright
and promising young man to its long
list of victims. He will follow in the
road of the outcasts gone before. When
the Legislature adjourns he will be
kept waiting in the anteroom of the
yellow building to see Herrin and tell
him how he sacrificed himself in the
cause of the corporation. A few
crumbs of consolation may be thrown
to him for a month or two. but the
atmosphere will grow colder with each
succeeding visit, arid in the end the
lackeys will not take his card to the
! master. In many a barroom from Sis
j kiyou to San Diego may be seen the
wrecks of young and brilliant men who
made the mistake early in life of serv
ing the corporation instead of the Deo
ple. They tell the story of prosperity
in youth, the early promises of a bril
liant career in the public service, the
fatal error of yielding to the blandish
ments of the railroad corporation and
its agents and the subsequent descend
ing steps to an utterly useless life. The
same old story will be told again as
often as men betray the people.
Mr. Wright made a statement to-day
concerning his reasons, or alleged rea
sons, for surrendering his position in
the eyes of the public In order to enter
the Burns fold. It might as well be
termed his confession, but by whatever
name it is called, it stands for itself
as the pitiful pretense of a man who
sees and knows the error of his ways
and who seeks to justify himself in the
eyes of the public by reciting argu
ments that find no response in his own
heart. It is as follows:
During the past six or seven days I have
been carefully investigating the charges
made against Colonel Burns by the news
papers, with the result that I believe them
to be false, and that he is merely tue vic
tim of enemies who are seeking to destroy
him. Moreover, I believe that the people
of the State of California, if given time,
.will find this out for themselves.
I have received from the most au
thentic source the information that four
members of the Supreme Court are es
pousing the election of Mr. Burns. I do
not care to mention their names without
their permission. I have Seen in close
consultation with Morris M. Estee, whom
the people of California know to be thor
oughly reliable and honest, and the life
long friend of Colonel Burns. I have scru
tinized the character of Burns throueh
the -statement of Mr. Estee very carefully
In addition, I have received p large num
ber of requests from the most prominent
business men in San Francisco asking me
to vote for Mr. Burns, together with many
individual requests from representative
men in my own district. I feel justified
in voting for Mr. Burns in preference .to
any other candidate at this time for these
reasons, and for the further reason that
his trained mind and wonderful organ
izing abilities, his great heart and gen
erous nature, will accomplish in the
Senate of the United States a great good
for the State of California.
( I believe the people of my district
and my county, if given the opportunity
of the same careful investigation I have
had. would, in the majority, agree thpt f
had voted right. And I want to say that
I voted as I did because I believed! it to
be right. The people who know me know
that I give to all public questions the
most serious consideration, and I have
not come u» thia decision suddenly. I i»i
alize that the majority of my constlments
are not favorable to Mr. Burns' candi
dacy, but Just how many are oppos.^ to
him I do not know, for the reason tb»t I
have not had the opportunity of leaning
their preferences. I have satisfied mys-jjf
however, of Mr. Burns' integrity, [n nv '
investigation I have gone through all tie
reports of the alleged shortage in Yoo
County and the alleged shortage in :..-.
Secretary of State's office, and 1 don't be
lieve he had any more to do with these
shortages than I had. If there is any
thing convincing in court records they
should recommend themselves to the peo
ple of California at this time. My last
talk with any one in regard to the Sena
torial situation was with a Judge of tne
Supreme Court, and he expressed a pref
erence for Mr. Burns. I can only say in
conclusion that I am ready to stand or fall
by my decision to-day.
M. M. Estee is now here as the chief
manager of the Burns fight. If Estee
is entitled to any one distinction above
all others it is that of "hoodoo-in-chief"
of every political contest in which he
enters as principal or second. In this
particular instance Burns" cause Is so
bad and his chances of success so slen
der that Estee cannot do him any
harm, but if harm were possible Estee's
blunders would find the way to it.
Governor Gage's enemies ought to en
joy the spectacle of Gage and Estee
working together in a common cause.
Estee, inspired by the Examiner and
Maguire, made one speech in the late
campaign and that one speech did the
Republican cause more injury than all
the efforts of opposition orators com
bined. The talk goes that Burns, in
his despair, may attempt to put Estee
in the race for the Senatorship. The
fact will be recalled that Burns once
managed a Senatorial contest for Estee
and the latter had fifty-four supporters
in the Legislature, but Dan, who then
had money and the reputation of let
ting it go, could not muster six more
votes to gain. Estee's election. The
"hoodoo" hovered around the winning
mark and Estee could get no closer
than fifty-four; Estee himself asserts
that there is no thought of bringing
him into the race. He appears to un
derstand that his political career in
California has closed.
The Burns men have caused it to be
circulated that in the event of a dead
lock by which the Legislature would
fail to elect a United States Senator it
would then be within the power of
Governor Gage to appoint a Senator
and that he would appoint Burns'. This
is merely a sample of the gold bricks
that are being handed out here to
country legislators. The Senate of the
United States has decided in two recent
c?ses, one in Oregon and one in Mon
tana, that if the Legislature fails to
elect a Senator then the place must re
main vacant until the regular session
of the Legislature, the Governor having
no appointing power.
SENATORS WILL TRY TO
FEED THE JOB CHASERS
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 12.— A serious condition
confronts those members of the Senate
vho are listening to the importunities of
the hungry horde of job-chasers and
would let them feed at the public trough.
The flood of bills since Tuesday has been
so great that the State Printing Office
has been swamped, and it was given out
to-day that bills Introduced yesterday
were not likely to be sent back this -week.
Among ihe bills tied up is the Cutter
bill, tearing the heart out of the Belshaw
law limiting- the number of employes in
the Senate and Assembly. Something had
to be done to get this measure up at once,
and so when the Senate met this morning
Shortridge was ready with absolution,
digging the bill out of the mire. Ana
resolution is as follows: .
"Resolved, That the ■ Superintendent or
State Printing be and he is hereby au
thorized and directed to print out 01 or
der Senate bill No. 153 upon the order or
the secretary of the Senate for the print
ing of the same." _ , . i-
The resolution was adopted, ana it is
the expectation to have the bill back in
the Senate the first thing in the morning.
The majority will then make a desperate
effort to have it passed under suspen
sion of the rules. In order to do tnis,
i low-ever, they will have to rely on the i in
dulgence of the minority, for a four-nrtns
V>te is necessary to suspend the rules.
aid thirteen of the forty members are
Democrats. After adjournment' this ait
erioon the Republican Senators caucused
ant; decided upon . this course, conse
queitly the Democrats are the recipients
of indue consideration to-night. If the
Dll > lasses the Senate to-morrow morning
the - gsembly will try to dispose of it in.
the a'ternoon, so that by . Saturday the
floodgates will be opened to the, gang of
Burns heelers who are now causing the
Sacramento police to exercise extraor
dinary Mgiiance. :  , '
The caucus this afternoon decided to
amend tie bill when it is returned from
the printer striking out the clauses pro
viding f O . the appointment of all ' em
ployes that either house may r deem nec
essary and instead enumerating definitely
all i) ■ additional employes that- are to be
provided for " . ■■ ;. ---..c"".- -.. i« v .v.: -;«:-•: ■.
A.foretasts of hat may be expected
was given this morning when Cutter, as
secretary of he majority .caucus, intro
duced the folk wing resolution,- which was
agreed to:
"Resolved. That the secretary of the
Senate be and le is hereby authorized to
appoint an assistant at the desk at a per
diem of $5, payaXlfl out of the continent
fund of the Senat.6- said appointment to
hold good until tee further order of the
Senate."
Among the batch of bflla introduced by
Cutter was one prepared by the Good
Roads' League, providing for State super
vision of highways. Under the terms or .
the bill, when a county has constructed
five or more miles oi public roadway, it
shall be turned over to the State High
ways Commission and kept in repair
thereafter by the State $100,000 being ap
propriated for the r.ttrp ■ ' • '
There was a noticeable falling off in
the number of bills offered to-day, and
at 11 o'clock the Senate took a recess un- :
til the hour set for the Joint convention, t
After the balloting for Senator the Sen
ate adjourned until 10 a. m. to-morrow.
JONES-WARDELL CONTEST
BEFORE THE COMMITTEE
CALL . HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
-lIEXO, Jan. 12.— The Assembly Commit
tee on Contested Elections met to-night
in the Supreme Court chambers at the
Capitol to receive affidavits and evidence
in the case of Leon Jones against As
semblyman Justus "Warden of San Fran
cisco. Jones was represented by Immi
gration Commissioner Hart North and
Wardell by ex-State Senator Gesford.
In his complaint the contestant seeks
to have" the election M-WardelT as As
semblyman from the Thirty-ninth Assem
bly District declared null and void, and
to back up his action makes charges of
general fraud and illegality. E Attorney
North submitted a voluminous affidavit
and transcript to the evidence produced
before the court In San Francisco; and
demanded that the committee call upon
Registrar Biggy to produce the ballot*
cast in the contested district. Gesford
attempted to bring North to an agree
ment to submit the 'case on a recount of
ballots alone, but North would 1 not con
sent, and by resolution the committee fin
ally-decided to issue a subpoena for Reg
istrar piggy and the tickets. Another
meeting will be called as soon as they
arrive in this city.
The case of Mclvers against Mack of
j Glenn County comes up on Monday, and
I that of Brophy against O'Brien of the
I Thirty-first Assembly District of San
Francisco on Tuesday. .. ■MELANCHOLY SPECTACLE
PRESENTED BY WRIGHT
/Three Times He Proclaimed Himself a Dupe
or a Knave.
Scandalous Action of Supreme Court Members
Who Are in the Lobbies Touting for the
Election of Dan Burns.
BY HENRY JAMES.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
f MEXTO, Jan. 12.— T0-day members and
visitors present at the Joint session of
the two houses witnessed a melancholy
.spectacle. Possibly all did not appre-
Cilatt it to the full, but to those who
. did it brought a feeling of sadness. It
whs the fall of a man to whom the
future seemel to hold out much, who
\v-at; respect) I a.s an honorable citizen,
. "'. who- was gi\en fair esteem as a poli
tician at i d and adroit, and
wtiu had an opportunity to write hia
Qfetoie high. He had been given a po-
Bltioh of h :;■ " He had been looked up
: who would not violate the
: • *•!>• given to decency. Yet
lie fill. When his name was called he
Vpjed tor Dan Burns. He did it in a
tremulous with a sense of shame
and a face burning. He realized the
dvgrad.ation to which he had sunk, the ;
f.; : : .. -humiliation he had brought upon his
■':'.' floarest and nearest associates. Never
fi.>.;- s- he voted for Burns, and on each
!•.-•*• .succeeding ballot emphasized the dis
■. Three times he proclaimed him
jfeli dupe or knave. Three times the
cup was passed to him and he drained
to th<: dregs the draught to his own
: : ■ /undoing and his own dishonor. This
man was Howard E. Wright, Speaker
. of the Assembly.
It is impossible not to feel sorry for
Wright; he has sacrificed so much and ]
all for nothing. He has traded his
political birthright for a phantom nn-ss
:.-.• of pottage. He has allied himself to
.Burns, and Buni? is an impossible pre
-4 gumption, a creature of luck and acci
dent and lenient courts. Wright has
forfeited the respect of his former
friends and skulking into the Burns
camp with a sense of his abasement
upon him can expect no consideration
i-VHii there. He has stamped his word
as worthless, his pledge as of no ef
f><-t. A wretched traitor, unlike Judas
in that he has no thirty pieces of silver
arid that he has not hanged himself,
if- he shall not hereafter be accounted
as one undeserving of trust, and whoso
word is the mockery of truth, then is
there no honor in party affairs. I pre
dict that the career of Wright is at an i
.end. This is the penalty he has earned. |
Probably he relies on a Burns promise, j
but Burns himself, spurned and de
spised, is in better condition to make
ses than to keep them. Good- by
to Wright.
i-ijy also to Huber of Los An
geles. In the face of a solemn agree
ment tn stand by Bulla unless there
should be a caucus decision later to
lii-ke' another course, he cast his vote j
.to-daj f I ( '.rant. That he went to a ;
♦r<;ppeoLable candidate matters nothing.
for, a man who exhibits such traita is I
rx-.i friend to Grant nor to anybody else.
He is no acquisition to the forces of
'any,, candidate, for he cannot be de
• p£.ided upon. My personal opinion Is
■that H-über will land in the Burns
. camp, md, unless greater inducements
fae/Mtered, stay then; until tents are ;
stiii. k. To lie may be regarded is part |
.of ]_>< fctirs, but It is a poor and .-scurvy i
part which may be left to the Wrights
and the Hubers of the situation. 1 do
r,"t expect to pay either of them, but ■
entertain a hope that in some measure
the estimate in which they are held
w may be a warning to others. As to the
pair, they are gone beyond redemption.
This is not the funeral dirge, but the
epitaj ha.
My letter of yesterday was marked
by an omission. I tried to say that
• Judge l>avis of Amador had made a
ech in nominating Irving M.
Scott, but the superior genius at the
other end of the wire Judged it better to
gay nothing. Judge Davis will please
: gies, for the story he told
of the Oregon was the best the joint
convention has had a chance to listen
•to. Also, the type machine slipped a
cog a;,'! thus gave to Grove L. Johnson
r-redit for things I had said myself, a
instance not pleasing to either of
us, Ti>- might have said the same things
b<>' tor. but as he didn't, let the truth
prevail.
It is scandalous that members of the
Supreme Court should be here toutine
for any candidate. It is scandalous be
yond • xpn ssion that the particular
candidate of their affection should be
I'm:. Burns, but if they advocated the
best and purest of men there would
be ' no essential difference in the vil-
Jiiiny.of their mission. They have left
the- bench to which they were elected to
\ out the law of the land and are
Hobbling in politic?. They degrade the
ermine, they prostitute high office and
all to do the bidding of their master.
WHo are their masters? Not the ueo
•ple' who chose them, not the Legisla
ture from which they are trying to se
cure more Judges so their burden may
1»' lightened, but the Southern Pacific
Jtailroad. To its power they bow. At
it l>.-hest they desert the post of duty
and, mingling with the motley crew,
drink "bad whisky over a bar polished
by the vest of the most notable schla
wags .In California, while they ask
Buppori for Dan Burns. There are
r additions to the push, but the
BupVeme court, as a matter of courtesy.
must tak<- precedence. A push with a
Supreme Court finish is no ordinary af
fair.- Sometimes the lofty tribunal
maKefl mistakes in its regular business.
Its decisions are not always above
criticism, but people choose to think it
f«ir .- 1 1 I<l1 < l able, composed of Jurists of
experience an<l without reproach. Off
tb'* bench, it 1« human.
Hoary old McFariand, I do not hesi
tate to say, cares more for the Inter
ests. ,<>f Huntington than he docs for
the Interests of California. He has i'ist
been re-elected, and a sorry error the
: ; voters of this State made when they
■ did it. McFariand is h(-rp as a Burns
spieler, ii" better than a Dennerv or a
"banjo-eyed" kid, whose labors h? is
sharing- There are many shady fel
lows <>n the spot fur Burns. It s a
regrettable circumstance that McFar
iand should have taken his stand at
their leveL Affording to Wright there
are four members of this elevated tri
bunal rntrnged in the same business.
It is a pretty rotten business and such
B court needs reforming as badly as
Burns needs defeat.
The joint session to-day was Interest
ing, because there were no speeches and
because the time was given to voting.
There were moments of excitement, as
I when on the first ballot Burns and
A fJ-r.int tied at 26. It was In the pro
duction of this tie that Wright cov
ered . himself with ignominy. I wish
you rouid have observed the cowering,
• u -«nkiaK attitude of the man, sinking
into his Beat as though to avoid a
blow. Of course there were cheers, but
they must have struck Wright as
harshest discord. They constituted his
price.
There were two more ballots, the sec-
! ond taken after a spirited effort to ad
journ, and on each Grant led by one
vote, Burns remaining at the first fig
| ure. Huber was the man who flopped,
but it is not a fair assumption that he
can be depended upon. The results do
not indicate much to me except that
Burns is what is commonly designated
as a "dead one." With clear con
science members might turn to Grant or
to almost any other candidate. They
cannot turn to Burns. The condemna
tion of the colonel is too strong, and
for them to share it would mean more
graves by the side of that which
Wright has dug for himself.
I do not by any means regard Grant
as out of the race, but there are many
men who are possibilities. The • real
! temper of the joint session has been but
partly revealed. There are some who
are still voting Into the air. for Tom.
Dick and Harry, and only biding their
time before casting the vote where it
will have some effect. Burns men still
say they can win, knowing they can
not, but some of them merely claim
that Dan will name the man anyhow.
He won't even do this, and when the
break comes they can either go to the
candidates whose chances are best,
thus getting a share of the glory and
spoil, or they can flock sulking by
I themselves.
In all kindness I would call atten
tion to a provoking Instance of habitual
bad manners on the part of Kenne.-ily
of San Francisco. When his turn j
comes to vote .he bawls out the name \
of Burns with every accent and all the (
ardor of a hoodlum. He attracts at
tention to himself, and this is a con
tingency he should avoid. Kennealy ;
Is the individual whom the police of i
San Francisco think had no right to
strike ascertain f.gei mnn th» o'hrr j
daj , particularly an the man d.ad, ir
rot in consequence of the blow at least
just In time to constitute an embar- j
raseing coincH^Por If Kennealy <.iocs I
ny: know how to behave hini3?lf Rorut- j
brdy near him ougat to advance a
filendly tip.
There Is talk to-m^nt that to-mor
row's joint sefiaio/i will b? rich In r'-n- !
sations, tolerably f.- v ir evidence that
there will not be a radical change,
only really safe not i. c that Burns will j
never get near enoug.i the necessary '
votes to cause alarm.
STORY OF THE DAY'S
BALLOT FOR SENATOR
Defection of Speaker Wright Did
Not Create the Stampede
Expected.
TALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Cat.. Jan. 12.— The defection of
i Howard Wright, Speaker of the Assem
bly, is the story of the joint Senatorial
; ballot of to-day. The fight itself was
I just as bitter, just as long and just the
: same as yesterday. There were not the
long-winded ppeeches, with their paucity
; of ideas, but there were three ballots and
! a wrangle of small dimensions over the
taking of a 9econd ballot to take their
i place. The interest of the sesion cen
tered In the Speaker from the end of the
first vote when, pale-faced and with
\ bowed head, he forsook Bulla and. In a
voice that could scarce be heard by the
clerk, answered "Burns" to the call of
his name.
What the force that tossed him by the
heels into the corrupt camp of the al
: calde, what the consideration that was
sufficient to drag him from his decency
i and the high esteem that his constituents
I have rushed into print to express, became
! from the moment the question of para
mount interest. But Wright vouch
safed no explanation. Pale and
, worried, with a restless eye wande.r-
I Ing over the chamber for some answering
', gleam of sympathy, he continued at his
d»-sk through the session. His own re
ward was the consternation and pity of
1 those who had looked to him as a leader
! and the claquing and beer-laden cheers
of the hired mob of Burns' adherents
with whom be had chosen to cast his lot.
With Wright Bulla was the only other
' sufferer by thf day's vote. Wright left
j him on the first ballot, and Huber of Los
Angeles followed on the second, though
he cast his lot with Grant rather than
Burns. General Barnes gained a vote in
l&uenter of San Joanuin, who, since the
fight began, has been persistently casting
; his vote, for Van K. Paterson. Muenter
went over to General Barnes on the first
ballot and his arrival WU welcomed with
a hearty round of applause from the gen
■ eral's friends on the floor.
As on yesterday, balloting began shortly
after noon. '1 here was not near the
crowd on hand that was there the day
! before, though the Burns clique was
more than ever in evidence. The gang
had little to cheer at. The last ballot left
them just one vott; behind (3 rant. They
! tallied 26 on the first and 26 it remained
up to adjournment. Grant was even up
; with them on the firm, but pulled up to
' 27 when Huber came over In the second
i and maintained his lead of one to the end.
Neither the gain of Grant nor the gain
of Burns Is significant of further acces-
Blon of strength. The strength of both
■is at its maximum. The Burns people
i figured that the sudden swing of Speaker
! Wright would begin the stampede that
they have bent thHr greatest effort to
ward creating. But it was prolific of
nothing but pity for thoir victim. It was
a sorry, downcast looking lot of heelers
: that trooped out of the Capitol at the end
tif this third day, which was to have been
the day of days for them. Victory, swift
and sure, was promised them; their work
was not to be so hard as profitable, and
with the end of the unsuccessful third
day hard work is staring them In the face,
and with no other prospect than lots of
It. It is not work that they came here
for. There is nothing personal In their
connection with Dan Burns. Friendship
does not enter Into it. It is nothing but
(he hope of quick money that holds them
to him. with possibly a job as Janitor or
with the Fire Department when they get
back to town. With absolute defeat and
the consequent ill temper of their master
as their probable fortune, they are ready
to make use of their return slips which
Herrln was kind enough to attach to his
transportation, and get hack to their old
haunts and old grafts In town.
The first ballot wns takon at 12:30
o'clock and resulted as follows:
For Barnes — Senators Dickinson. Luch
singer. Morehouße, Stratton: Assembly
! men Atherton, Clough, Knights, Know
! land, Lardner, Muenter— lo.
For Bulla— Senators Currier, Simpson;
Assemblymen Belshaw, Conrey, Cosper,
Huber, Mellick, Miller of Los Angeles,
Robinson, Valentine— lo.
For Burns: Senators Bettman,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 13, 1899.
Burnett, Hoey, Laird, Leavitt, Short
ndge, Wolfe; Assemblymen Arne
rich, JILSON, Barry, Beecher, Cobb,
Devoto, Dibble, Henry, Johnson, Kel
ley, Kelsey, Kenneally, Lundquist, I
McKeen, Miller of San Francisco,
Pierce, Rickard, Eugene Sullivan,
WRIGHT— 26.
For Grant— Senators Boyce, Cutter,
Jones, Maggard. Nutt, Smith, Troutt;
Assemblymen Bliss. Blood. Cargill, Clark,
Crowder. Dole. De Lancie, Greenwell,
Chenoweth, Le Barron. McDonald of Ala
meda, McDonald of Tuolumne. Merrill,
Merritt, Milice, Radcliff, Raub, Raw,
Works— 26.
For Knight— Senator Gillette, Assem
blyman Boynton— 2.
For Felton — Assemblymen Brown and
Marvin— 2.
For Scott— Senator Davis, Assemblyman
Dun lap — 2.
For Rosenfeld— Senator Feeney— l.
For Bard— Senators Flint and Rowell— 2.
For Paterson— Senator Taylor, Aasem
semblyman Labaree— 2.
For Estee — .Assemblymen Anderson and
Wade— 2.
Speaker Wright scarce had time to an
nounce the result of the vote when Sena
tor Cutter of Yuba moved that another
ballot be taken. He was opposed by the
Burns faction with a motion to adjourn,
but a rollcall decided In favor of the sec
ond vote and It was at once proceeded
with. The Democratic minority substi
tuted the name of William H. Alford for
that of M. F. Tarpey as their candidate,
and the ballot went through with the
changes previously mentioned. The re
sult follows:
I For Barnes— Senators Dickinson, Lueh
slnger, Morehouse. Stratton; Assembly
men Atherton, Clou^h, Knights, Know
land, Lardner. Muenter— lo.
For Bulla— Senators Currier, Simpson;
Assemblymen Belshaw. Conrey. Cosper,
Mellick, Miller of Los Angeles, Robinson,
Valentine — 9.
For Burns: Senators Bettman,
Burnett. Hoey, Laird, Leavitt, Short
ridge, Wolfe; Assemblymen, Arne
rich, JILSON, Barry, Beecher,' Cobb,
Devoto, Dibble, Henry, Johnson. Kel
ly, Kenneally, Lundquist, McKeen,
Miller of San Francisco, Pierce, Rick
ard, Eugene Sullivan, WRIGHT —
26.
For Grant— Senators Boyce. Cutter,
Jones, Maggard. Nutt, Smith, Troutt;
Assemblymen Bliss, Blood. Cargill. Clark,
Crowder. Dole. De Lancie, Greenwell,
Chenowith Le Barron, McDonald of Ala
meda. McDonald of Tuolumne. Merrill,
Merritt, Milice, Radcliff, Raub, Raw,
Works. Huber— 27.
For Knight— Senator Gillette, Assembly
man Boynton— 2.
For Felton — Assemblymen Brown, Mar
vin—2.
For Scott — Senator Davis, Assemblyman
I Dunlap— 2.
For Rosenfeld— Senator Feeney— l.
For Bard— Senators Flint, Ro-syell— 2.
For Paterson— Senator Taylor. Assem
blyman La Baree — 2.
For Estee — Assemblymen Anderson,
\ Wade— 2.
The third ballot was also moved by
Cutter and carried. The only change
was In the name of the minority candi
date, Judge Sewell being substituted for
William Alford. Mr. Sewell got the en
tire Democratic vote.
At 1:45 o'clock Speaker Wright an
nounced that three ballots had been taken
and still a United States Senator was not
elected, and an adjournment was taken
until noon to-morrow.
BEECHER AND LAIRD ARE
AGAINST CONSTITUENTS
CALLi HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 12. — Assemblyman J. H.
Beecher of Shasta County, who has permit
ted himself to be mads one of the victims
of the dire Influence of the Burns push
and who has for five ballots voted for
Mexican Dan, feels deeply the unfortu
nate- position In which he Is placed, but
he does not appear to be strong enough
to break away from the fold Into which
he has been dragged and- reassert his
manhood. It was a very cleverly arrang
ed plan on the part of Colonel Burns and
his manipulators whereby they persuaded
Assemblyman Beecher to violate his
pledge made to the Grant people and tq^
cast his vote for a man for United States
Senator whom It Is admitted is not the
choice of twenty-flve Republicans In
Shasta and Modoc counties, which are
included In Beecher's district.
George D. Champlln, a relative of
Beecher, who Is also connected with the
Stanford estate and has been more or less
close In his relations with the Southern
Pacific Railroad. is directly responsible
for Beecher's change of heart from Grant
to Burns. In this work Champlin was
assisted by Superior Judge Edward Swee
ny and ex-County Clerk Drynan of Shas
ta County. Both Sweeny and Drynan
have been in Sacramento on and off ever
since the Senatorial flght opened and
they have left no stone unturned, not only
in bringing Beecher over into the Burns
camp, but they have also been constantly
guarding him to see that he stays where
he is placed.
Beecher was not originally a candidate
for the Republican nomination in the
Fifth Assembly District, but It was given
him. Judge Sweeny, who was originally
favorable to Grant's candidacy, nomina
ted Beecher in the convention. His dis
trict was close, having been formerly rep
resented by Shanahan. so some of Grant*
friends gaVe to Beecher material assist
ance in making his nght. In fact, It was
the friends of Grant who persuaded
Beecher to enter the contest. AH during
The campaign the voters in Shasta ana
Modoc counties believed that Beecher
would, if elected, cast his vote for Grant
fO ße!cher°probably intended to do so for
he is not a politician and is not well ac
quainted with the double-cross tactics of
the professional politician. But after he
arrived in Sacramento his relative Cham
nlin got to work on him. and with the
assistance of Sweeny and Drynan, Beech-
Cr J W udge W ° n S^e m > t0 T"\« ambitious
bench of the State would not be distaste
fuf to him, and Colonel Daniel Burns has
in the past promised nominations to
friends who assist him. i Anyway, Judge
Sweeny has closed up the Superior Court
ff Shasta County and made two trips to
Sacramento since the Senatorial fight has
none? and the effect of his labors here
arl visible He has assisted in adding
on! vote to the Burns column, and As
semblyman Beecher has thereby violated
h Th P e judge emphatically denies that he
is for Burns and claims that he has not
participated in the Senatorial fight. But
there are others here who claim that the |
Judge is f mistaken, and they are Just as
firm in their statements that he has
placed the Burns collar over his neck a*
kwoonv is in his denials.
Well defined rumors are current that
Assembly-man Beecher is to be remem
bered by Governor Gage in the shape of
a four-year Job. and it Is also asserted
that ex-County Clerk Drynan is not to
be forgotten for the work that he has
dO A g^n is C n^n d f>overnor Gage a - P
narent in the Senatorial contest.' He is
Cslng It to foist Daniel M. Burns upon
thf« people- of California as their repre
sentative in the Senate of the United
States Evidence of the fact that Burns
can command any of the State patronage
to aid him in his fight daily accumulates.
Of course Beecher and Drynan both deny
that they are looking for any appoint
ment from the Governor. It wag nut a
iTected that they would admit It.
Senator T. J. Laird, who represents the
counUcs of L-assen. Modoc. Shasta Bis
kivou and Trinity, has mlsreprseented his
Constituents" on every ballot by voting for
Turns Laird secured the Republican
nomination in the Second Senatorial Dis
trict after a sharp contest by one vote.
if there had even been a suspicion that
hp would upon his arrival at Sacramento,
become associated with the touts and
Federal brigade in attempting to force
the election of Daniel M. Burns to the
United States Senate, he would have been
buried under an avalanche of votes by
tho hardy mountaineers who make up the
votes of his district and who are unani
mous in their opposition to Burns, and
who regard his Senatorial candidacy as
an insult to the honest people of the
Sl Se t nator Laird has stated that he has no
future political ambition and that this is
the last office he will ever seek at the
hands of the people. It was not necessary
for the Senator to say this He has by
his own acts placed himself on the re
tired list. He has misrepresented his con
stituency by voting for Burns on five
ballots and according to reports from the
counties comprising his district he could
not now be elected poundmaster In any
one of the five counties.
THE BREAK FROM BULLA
WAS UNEXPECTED
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 12.— The friends and sup
porters of Senator Bulla do not feel at
all elated to-night over the situation. Not
until this morning did they know that
there would be a break in the eleven votes
which had for two days been cast for the
Senator from Los Angeles. Half an hour
before the Joint session convened Speaker
Wright informed Senator Bulla that he
Intended to change his vote on the first
Joint ballot to Burns. He said that he
had received telegrams from some of hia
constituents asking him to do so, and that
very strong pressure had been brought to
bear upon him which he could not resist.
Senator Bulla informed the Speaker that
he thought he was doing him a great in
justice in leaving his standard, but it had
no weight with Wright.
But while Wright's change to Burns
was looked for, the Bulla men did not
anticipate the change Assemblyman Hu
ber of Los Angeles made from Bulla to
Grant. This was desertion in the ranks
of Bulla's home county, and desertion on
the part of a man who on Monday last
in the Bulla caucus assented to the prop
osition that no man shoufd leave Bulla
save after four of the seven Bulla votes
from Los Angeles had signed a written
agreement to do so.
Huber was seen after the Assembly ad
journed to-day and asked about hia
change of heart. His only reply was that
he "was doing politics." Assemblyman
Valentine asked Huber to attend the Bulla
j caucus, which was held late this affer
noon, and Huber agreed to do so. But
when the caucus was convened Huber was
not there and he failed to turn hln*. .De
spite the two desertions the nine remain
ing Bulla men agreed to stand by thel
candidate in the balloting to-morrow. N
reports of any immediate prospective ac
cessions were made.
The Burns leaders were not at eu
pleased over the fact that" Grant game
one Of Bulla's Los Angeles County vote
to-day. They regarded it as a forerunm
of a complete break-up. Bulla's strenpt
j can never go to Burns, but when the vote
does leave him there are four Grant men
in the Los Angeles County delegation.
Therefore any prospect which tends to in
dicate that Bulla is to retire the Burns
men regard with a feeling far from satis
factory. They want to keep Bulla in the
contest. There was a rumor that Burns
would to-morrow throw to Bulla three or
four votes which have been cast for other
j candidates and which he can control in
| the interest of Bulla but which he cannot
! secure for himself for the reason that the |
i members are afraid to vote for him direct.
If such a move is contemplated by the
Burns people to encourage the Bullaltes .
i and keep the nine votes ne has now to-
I gether, they have not notified Senator j
Bulla to that effect, for he stated posi- ,
tively to-night that unless there was a ;
general break he anticipated no additions !
to his standard to-morrow.
WHY PARDEE AND DALTON
DID NOT GO TO THE BALL
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 12.— Dr. George C. Pardee |
of Oakland and Assessor Dalton j
of Alameda County journeyed all •,
the way from the bay to Sac- j
ramento In order to shine ac leading i
lights In high social circles at the Inau- ;
gural ball. But both of these distinguish- !
ed gentlemen were doomed to disappoint- |
ment, for neither of them was permitted i
to mingle with the gay and brilliant !
throngs that graced the second floor of !
the Capitol on Monday night.
Dr. Pardee's form had never been dec- j
orated with a dress suit, but It so hap
pened that his friend. Assessor Dalton, j
had two suits of this character, and when
the doctor unbosomed himself and ex- |
plained his dilemma to Dalton he prompt- |
ly proffered the doctor the loan of his
extra dress suit, thereby clearing the way ,
for Oakland's ex-Mayor to appear at the '
one social function in which all the State ,
Is Interested in appropriate attire.
Mr. Dalton's extra suit was not made ,
for Dr. Pardee and it needed fixing In
order to -bring it to the point where it
did justice to the doctor's manly form.
The coat and vest were both all right,
but the trousers were long and the waist
measurement was sufficient to cover the
doctor almost twice. These little defects,
however, were mere trifles and easily
overcome. Several tucks were taken In
the waist and the length of the trousers ,
legs were abbreviated by several inches
Finally after a trusty tailor had labored j
for several hours on the suit the doctor |
donned it and came forth a thing of beau- <
ty Dalton waa proud of him and con
gratulated him on his magnificent ap-
P Speaker Wright had promised the doc
tor and Mr. Dalton that he would furnish
them with two tickets to the ball. Both |
gentlemen, dr.-ssed in their finest linen j
and arrayed in their gaudiest purple, |
took up their station at 8 p. m.. waiting ;
for the Speaker to make good his prom- j
ise to furnish them with the pasteboards
that would give them entree to the ball
room Nine o'clock came and still no
word from Wright and no tickets. The doc-,
tor and Mr. Dalton began to get nervous.'
Could the Speaker have forgotten them? j
Certainly not. He was not a man who
would make a promise to give his two
friends admission to the sacred precincts
of a great society function and then over
look them. The clock ticked off another
hour and still another and still no tickets.
Then it was that Dr. Pardee and Mr.
Dalton realized that they had been
dumped. They were not altogether
pleased at the way they had been over
looked and decided to go into caucus.
Dr. Pardee acted as chairman. Mr. Dal- j
ton moved that It be the sense of the I
caucus that neither of them attend the |
inaugural ball, and the motion prevailed. |
At 11:30 the caucus adjourned without i
date. Dr. Pardee immediately thereafter
shed Mr. Dalton's dress suit, took the •
tuck out of the waist of the trousers, re
stored the trousers legs to their original j
length and returned the suit In Its en- !
tirety to Mr. Dalton. Both gentlemen '
tookthe first available train for Oakland, i
They had traveled one hundred and \
eighty miles, adorned themselves regard- :
less of expense and suffered some consid- j
erable discomfort to attend the Inaugu- j
ral ball, and then the privilege had been j
denied them because of the short memory
of their friend.
WRIGHT'S EXPLANATION
MAY CAUSE SCANDAL
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA- i
MENTO, Jan. 12.— The statement made by
Howard E. Wright to the effect that the !
attitude of four members of the Supreme !
Court influenced him to cast his vote for j
Burns created consternation in the camp j
of Burns. Advisers of the colonel regret j
exceedingly that the Speaker made an |
assertion of this character and are cir- j
culating the report to-night that there is i
no foundation for his statement. All the j
candidates and the friends of the aspi- |
rants for the Senatorshlp were astonish
ed that Wright should give utterance to
such views, even If he had knowledge i
that Supreme Justices were mixing In the
Senatorial fight.
In the minds of many of the people of
! California there has long been a suspi
j cion that the highest judicial tribunal of
the State was not free from the taint of :
corporate influence. The statement of j
i Wright will tend to confirm the sus
i picion in the public mind and arouse the |
people to a sense of a new and great
danger.
The lawyers of the Legislature are talk- !
i ing to-night in whispers about the re- |
markable explanation given by Wright j
for his course in the Senatorial oontest. j
! Something will be sprung at once to |
smooth the matter over in order that the
Supreme Court of the State may not be
exposed to a storm of public indignation.
It is now said by Wright's friends in
the Burns household that he should not
! have made any explanation beyond a ;
! mere declaration that gratitude and i
I recognition of political favors caused him
to espouse the cause of the "colonel."
Wright's statements may be cast aside '
as a sensational incident of the day, but
many lawyers fear that It will cause a ;
tremendous scandal in California.
MCCARTHY TRYING TO
SELL BURNS A GOLD BRICK
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 12.— The Senatorial contest
has brought to Sacramento a number of
characters who are desirous of being
placed In close contact with Colonel Ma
zuma, and many of them are not at all
particular as to how or where they mete
the colonel so long as they succeed In
forming his acquaintance.
From San Diego J. Harvey McCarthy
has Journeyed to Sacramento for the pur
pose of looking upon the Senatorial fight
and gathering such crumbs as may hap
pen to fall from the table and come with
in his reach. McCarthy is somewhat of
a picturesque character. He is a Demo
crat and is the person with whom Govern
or Gage alleges Mr. Grant's San Diego
manager, Charles Hardy, arranged a deal
whereby the Hardy Republicans in San
Diego County were to vote for Maguire
for Governor in consideration of the fact
that such Democrats as McCarthy could
influence were to vote for the Republican
legislative candidates.
When McCarthy was first approached
I by the Grant people he entered a verbal
denial of the charge that there was any
deal of the kind indicated between him
and Hardy. Then later the Grant people
asked him to sign an affidavit to that ef
fect.
But here Harvey balked. He does noth
ing of that character unless he is paid
for it. He refused to sign the affidavit,
and the Grant managers did not think
enough of it to press the matter, bo they
i simply let his affidavit go. For the past
I two days McCarthy has been consulting
with the Burns leaders, and the story
came straight from Burns' headquarters
that McCarthy was endeavoring to sell
i for $500 an affidavit to Colonel Burns,
i which would be to the effect that Hardy
! had made a deal with him last October
to trade off the Republican* State ticket
in San Diego County for Democratic
votes for the Grant legislative ticket. Mc-
Carthy was asked last night whether or
not he had tendered his affidavit to the
Burns leaders for a consideration and he
. denied the charge. However, McCarthy
i has had several conversations with
i friends of the colonel to-day. His affl
i davit in thiß matter of the treachery of
j the Grant men is a gilded brick and utter-
Ily without value. If J. Harvey has ten-
I dered it to the colonel and the colonel has
purchased it he has purchased something
that he cannot use for any purpose.
BUSINESS TRANSACTED
IN THE ASSEMBLY
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
-1 MENTO, Jan. 12.— The Committee on Con
tested Elections began active work yes
terday morning, when Assemblyman Cos
per of Tulare, chairman of the commit
'■. tee, applied to Speaker pro tern. Anderson,
i who was in the chair, for authority to
I subpena witnesses and exercise other
i quasi judicial prerogatives. The author
i ization was given, and the committee pro
| ceeded to issue subpenas for witnesses In
i the three contests that it has to consider.
Belshaw of Contra Costa raised another ;
storm over the official stenographers. The :
only time they have been in the Assem
bly was during the uncertain days when i
they were rustling for their jobs, and Bel
shaw got up to ask that they be notified
to be on hand each morning at 9 o'clock
or give up their positions. Dibble of San ,
Francisco, chairman of the Committee on j
Rules, said he had submitted a rule coy- j
erlng their case, and asked that no ac- !
tion be taken until his report was ren- i
dered.
The Committee on Federal Relations re- ;
ported for the adoption of Assembly con
current resolution No. 2 relative to the ,
completion of the breakwater at Port San
Luis, and it was adopted by a unanimous
vote.
The Assembly is getting ready to fight
Cutter's bill doing away with the Belshaw
attache law. The Democratic minority
is lined up solidly with Belshaw, and he
has also got the support of a goorl many
of the members who have come pledged to
economy. Belshaw claims that the gen
eral tone of the Assembly is favorable to
his measure, and he predicts that Cutter's
amendment will be killed off when it gets
within reach.
Thirty-one bills were introduced during
the morning, but excepting Caminettl's
school bill none of them were of more
tlinn passing interest. At 11 o'clock re
cess was taken until noon, when the Sena
torial ballot was to come up, and upon the
completion of that at 2 in the afternoon
adjournment was taken until to-morrow
morning at 10 o'clock.
SENATOR SHORTRIDGE
HAS OTHER ASPIRATIONS
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MKNTO, Jan. 12.— The junior Senator
from Santa Clara County, the Hon.
Charles M. Shortridge, is not destitute of
Senatorial aspirations. He will never be
a candidate in the accepted sense of the
term, but will wait until the people call
him to the high station.
The other night he imparted In confi- I
dence to a friend that he occupied the
same re'ation £o Colonel Burns that the
lamented Garfield once occupied to John
Sherman. oarfield went to the national
convention at Chicago in good faith to !
espouse the cause of John Sherman. In
his speech placing Sherman's name be- |
fore the convention he had no omer pur
pose than that of gaining success for the !
candidate. The brilliant speech of the ;
gitted Garfield, however, challenged the :
admiration of the great convention and
the delegates saw in the speaker the man
for the high office of President.
Senator Shortrldge believes that his
own speech placing Colonel Burns In nom
ination impressed the Senators with so
lofty a regard for his qualities as a leader
that they cannot be restrained from com
ing forward and tendering him their sup
port for the office of United States Sen
ator.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
A. H. S. Perkins of Los Angeles, editor !
of the Pythian Wave, the official organ
of the order in California and fraternal
editor of the city named, received last j
week a prize of $100 offered by the West
ern Knights' Protective Association of St.
Charles, Minn., for the best ritual sub
mitted. Mr. Perkins Is one of the best
fraternal writers on the coast and a con
tributor to a number of fraternal East
ern publications. His article on "Will
Fraternal Insurance Insure?" published
in the National Underwriter of Baltimore
and New York about a year ago has giv
en him a national reputation.
The officers of "Washington Lodge of
Vallejo will be publicly installed this
week by the grand chancellor and the !
grand keeper of records and seals. The
following night the officers will install
the officers of the lodge at Suisun.
The officers of Eureka Lodge were In
stalled by Deputy District Grand Chan
cellor R. F. Lange last Friday, and a
banquet to the members followed.
Next Wednesday night tho officers of
Golden Gate Company. I*. R., K. of P.,
will be elected for the ensuing term.
Th< new ritual for the Uniform Rank,
has been received.
RAILROAD TELEGRAPHERS.
Pacific Division No. 170 of the Order of j
Railroad Telegraphers, the local division
of the order, at its annual election held
| on the last day of December selected the I
I following named to serve for the ensuing
! term: R. R. Abbitt, C. T.; A. W. Dutton,
!P. C: C. J. de Seda, first A. C. T. ; K. \V.
McGarvie, second A. C. T.; B. A. Meyer,
' secretary and treasurer; T. J. O'Connor, j
marshal"; Eilson Hazen, I. S. ; B. Joost,
iO. S. B. A. Meyer, R. W. McGarvie and
R. H. Abbott were chosen delegates to
! the biennial convention, which will meet
in Peoria, 111., next May. A. W. Dutton,
: E. B. Pengar and F, A. Hemphill were
! chosen alternates. This division meets '
'< but once a month. During the past year |
i there was not a meeting at which there i
was not an increase in the membership.
At the last held meeting twenty-five new
i applications were accepted.
LADIES OF THE MACCABEES.
The class initiations recently held in
this city and in Oakland were under the
special supervision of Mrs. Eudocia S.
Moffat, in accordance with a dispensation
for that purpose granted by Mrs. Lillian
Hollister, the supreme lady commander.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE NINETEENTH CENTURY— C. F.
8.. City. The nineteenth century will
close at twelve o'clock midnight, Decem
ber 31, 1900.
A CENT OF 1798-J. F. T., Chico, Cal. A
cent of 1798 commands a premium of from
4 to 14 cents. Dealers will sell such for
25 cents each.
ULSTER COUNTY GAZETTE— "W. C.
M., Sonora, Cal. An Ulster County Ga
zette of January 4, 1800, if genuine would
be valuable. In 1861 and 1862 an in
dividual In New York prin'ed and sold
one million lac similes of the Gazette ot
MRS. WILSON IS
ARRAIGNED BY
HER DAUGHTER
The Child of Daniel H. Wilson
Demands Vengeance of
the Law.
Mrs. Miller Visits Her Husband and Creates
a Scene in the Office of Sheriff Savage.
Accused Women on the Verge of
Collapse — McEwen's Fear.
SUISUN, Jan. 12.— Interest in the
Wilson murder case continues unabated
and everybody is on the gui vive for
further developments. Contrary to ex
pectations H. E. McEwen, the old
rancher with whom Mrs. Dickinson has
been living, was not arrested to-day,
but he knows he is under suspicion and
lives in dread of being taken into cus
tody. The officers, who have woven the
network of evidence around the alleged
slayers of the old rancher, are being
congratulated on every side.
"You have caught the murderers of
old Dan Wilson this time," is the in
variable greeting. If there is a person
in Suisun or Fairfleld or in the vicinity
of the Wilson ranch who believes a
mistake has been made he is carefully
keeping his opinion to himself.
Mrs. Miller visited the County Jail at
Fairfield this morning and had a brief
interview with her husband. The in
terview was not entirely satisfactory to
either husband or wife as the meeting
took place in the Sheriff's office and
neither Miller nor his wife was al
lowed to discuss the case or anything
relating to it.
Mrs. Miller is rather a handsome
woman, of Spanish blood, about 35
years old. She has piercing black eyes
and a determined manner that seems
to brook no opposition. She came up
from Port Costa on the early train
and swooped down upon the Sheriff's
office like an avenging angel. She de
manded to be allowed to visit Miller
in his cell at once and also
to see her mother-tn-law and sister
in-law. Sheriff Savage was not
inclined to grant her request, as he is
desirous of shutting off every avenue
of communication. When Mm. Miller
was informed that the prisoners could
not be seen her eyes flashed fire. Step
ping close to the Sheriff she cried in a
voice quivering with suppressed ex
citement: "Can't see my husband?
Why can't I see him? He did not kill
Wilson; you killed him!"
The Sheriff was struck speechless by
this unexpected and 1 highly dramatic
accusation. He recovered his powers
of speech and the use of his mental
faculties after a brief period, however,
and tried to pacify his accuser with
soft words and sympathetic assurances.
His efforts were vain, however. Mrs.
Miller declared she had come to see her
husband and she proposed to see him.
After a conference with the District
Attorney the Sheriff finally gave the re
quired permission, but stipulated that
the prisoner should be brought to his
office and that no reference to the
charge against him should be made in
the conversation between him and his
wife. Miller's first question upon en
tering the office was whether his moth
er and sister had been arrested.
"Why, yes. They are locked up
here," said Mrs. Miller.
"How»do you know?" asked Miller,
quickly.
Mrs. Miller replied that she had read
the news of their arrest in the news
papers. Deputy Sheriff Downing then
interfered and threatened to lock Mil
ler up in his cell again unless he ceased
to talk on the tabooed subject.
Miller gave his wife an order for his
last month's salary, due from the rail
road company, and after a lone talk
on purely personal affairs he was led
back to the jail. Miller remarked that
he needed a shave, and Deputy Sheriff
Reeves volunteered to send him a razor
that he might shave himself.
"Oh, don't do that," said Mrs. Mil
ler hurriedly and in evident apprehen
sion. "He might cut his throat." Mrs.
Miller was not allowed to see either of
the women prisoners and returned to
Port Costa on an afternoon train.
Mrs. Wilson, who has maintained a
sullen demeanor ever since hef* arrest,
is beginning to show the effects of the
strain she has been under for the last
I twenty-four hours. She shed no tear
1 nor gave any outward evidence of eon
< cern w-hen arrested, but late this after
noon she suddenly threw herself upon
[ her cot and burst into tears, bemoaning
her fate and protesting her innocence
of any crime.
"This is awful," she sobbed. "I don't
see why they arrested me. I have not
that date, and now after many years
there are many persons who having such
fac similes are under the impression that
they have a treasure.
DIMES-A. S.. City. A dime of 1890 and
one of 1892 without a designating initial
thereon is one Issued out of the parent i
mint in Philadelphia. Neither commands
a premium.
ISTHMUS OF PANAMA-J. M. H.,
City. The narrowest part of the Isthmus
of Panama Is from the Gulf of San Bias
to the mouth of the river Bayano, a dis
tance of thirty-one miles, -mat is the
narrowest part of all Central America.
PRE-EMPTION AND HOMESTEAD—
Subscriber. City. Tour question as to the
difference between pre-emption and home
stead, received by this department Octo
ber 5 of last year, was answered on the
10th of that month. Pre-emption claims
ceased from the 11. of Marcn, 1891.
OLIVER WENDELL lOLM^s— Z..
City. Oliver Wendell Holmes died In Cos
ton October 7, 1894. The .as. of his pub
lished works was "Over the Teacups."
At the time of his death he was preparing :
an autobiography, which he had for some j
time prior to being summoned dicta- <
tipg to his secretary.
SWANS— C. F. C, Dlnuba. Cal. The
quotation, "Swans sing before they die;
'twere no bad thing should certain per
sons die before they sing," Is not given
In the books of quotations. Can any of
the readers of this department furnish
the name of the author and where the
poem in which the words occur can be
round?
PICTURES IN COLORS— An Amateur,
City. This department has repeatedly
announced that It does not advertise the
business of any Individual or firm, and
for that reason this department cannot
toll -who It Is that "offers for sale the ma
terials for taking pictures In their natur
al colors," and for the further reason
that there ar« no such materials offered
done anything and I did not expect
this. I wonder if I will ever get out
of this place."
After awhile she became more calm
and stubborn, refusing to talk or to
eat the food brought to her.
Mrs. Dickinson, who has been re
gTaded as the dominating spirit of the
alleged conspiracy, has upset all pre
dictions by giving every evidence of
an early and complete break
down. She passed a sleepless
night, and all day long she
walked the floor of her cell wrining
her hands and crying. Her condition ia
rapidly approaching nervous prostra
tion. Whether innocent or guilty the
woman is in a terrible plight mentally
and physically. She has lost her de
fiant air and now presents such a con
trast to her former self as to create
compassion in the breasts of her ac
cusers. She feels that all the world
is against her.
"Everybody has shunned me and
talked about me," she says, "for the
last two years — ever since the murder.
I know I am hated and have no friends,
but I don't know anything about this
case."
The old woman appears to have even
been deserted by McEwen, whose mis
tress she was. He has made no at
tempt to see her and has made no re
sponse to her written appeal to him to
secure counsel to defend her.
Under Sheriff Robinson drove out to
the McEwen ranch this afternoon and
sought to secure some information from
the old man, but without success. Mc-
Ewen declared, with great vehemence,
that if Mrs. Dickinson was a party to
the murder of Wilson she had not taken
him into her confidence and he had
nothing to tell. The old man sought
to convince the officer that there was
no good reason why he should be taken
to jail. He gave a promise to come to
the Sheriff's office to-morrow morning
to make a statement.
Miller maintains his air of confidence
and expects to prove an alibi with the
testimony of the Sheean girls of Val
lejo, but the Sheriff and those who
have been working on the case are con
fident that the accused man will find
his confidence misplaced. Miller se
cured an attorney to-day to defend
him. The alleged murderer sent for
Attorney Lamont, one of the leading
lawyers of the county, to take his case,
but Lamont refused to have anything
to do with it. During the afternoon
Max Robbins, a young attorney, visit
ed the jail and offered to defend Miller.
The accused prisoners are becoming
confused, and before they are placed
on trial they are likely to be entangled
in contradictory statements regarding
their movements within forty.-eight
hours of the murder. For instance,
when Miller was informed to-day that
the officers had positive evidence that
his mother and McEwen had been seen
leaving his house about 2 o'clock on
the morning of the day on which the
murder was committed, he protested
that they departed a little before mid
night. McEwen thought they had left
Miller's house about 9 or 10 o'clock
Thursday night, and Mrs. Dickinson
said it was as early as 7 p. m. Mrs.
Wilson's memory on this point was
even more defective. She at first said
that McEwen and Mrs. Dickinson had
not visited Vallejo and had not seen
Miller for two weeks before the murder
was committed, but when she was
prompted she admitted that they went
to "Vallejo Thursday mornins and
reached home some time the following
night at what she regarded a reason
able hour.
Mrs. Lillle Baylard, the young mar
ried daughter of Mrs. Wilson, who was
living on the McEwen ranch with her
mother when her father was assassi
nated, maintains that her mother was
outside the house when the fatal shot
was fired, and that she came indoors
immediately after and retired. This is
in direct contradiction of Mrs. Wilson's
statement. Mrs. Baylard says she will
tell everything she knows that can bp
used to help secure proper punishment
for the slayers of her father. She ex
presses no sympathy for her mother
or grandmother and no desire to see
them.
There is but one thing that appears
to worry Miller, and that is the refusal
of the Sheriff to allow him to confer
with his mother. His anxiety to see
her may be natural, but it is also due to
a plainly evident desire to compare
notes, and this is just what Sheriff
Savage is determined to prevent.
unless it is by some bunko firm that pur
ports to do that which has not yet been,
discovered.
THE BURNS HANDICAP— E. G. R.,
City. The first three horses in the Burns
handicap of 1897 were Satsuma, Won't
Dance and Candelaria.
THE AGE OF A MAN— W. TV., City.
In the ordinary way of coun^.ng a man
born on the 18th of December, 1830. was on
the 18th of December, 1898, 68 years of age,
but if it Is your desire to be technical it
would be necessary to know the precise
time of birth in order to answer exactly
how old the man was on the date named.
ONE MILLION STAMPS— J., City. No
one at this time Is offering any sum of
money for a collection of one million
stamps. Some years ago M. O. Balrd of
Palo, Iowa» gave an explanation of the
one million stamp collection in the fol
lowing words: "The collection was made
in full In the city of Cedar Rapids, lowa,
I think during the year 1889. The clrcum*
stances were as follows: An aged lady
wished to enter the Old Ladies' Home in
the city of Cedar Rapids, but in order t»
do so she had to have $100. The editor"
of the Cedar Rapids Gazette, F. W.
Faulks, who is noted for his Interest in
all benevolent works and institutions, con
ceived the thought of raising or securing
1,000.000 stamps, and an enterprising busi
ness man offered $100 for the same. The
Gazette editor used his paper freely for
the enterprise, and invited any one and
every one in the State of lowa to contrib
ute 2-cent stamps to the collection. The
stamps came pouring in by the trou
sands. In an almost incredible space oC
time the number was secured and the old
lady enjoys the fruits of the enterprise.
The stamps were on exhibition in the
show window of the store in the city
named, and I saw them several times."
Since the movement was started in 1889
every now and then there appears a par
agraph to the effect that $100 is offered for
a million stamps, and as often as it aD
pears some one starts in to make a col
lection without the slightest idea if ther«
Is any truth In the paragraph printt*.
34
AGUINALDO'S MEN
ARE ANXIOUS TO
ATTACK MANILA
Filipino Insurgents Profess Great Hatred
for Americans and Display Posters
Inscribed "Liberty or
Death.' 1
MANILA, Jan. 9 (via Hong-
Rong Jan. 12). — The stiuation
here hourly becomes graver. The
secdnd proclamation issued by
General Aguinaldo states that if
the Americans attempt to take
Iloilo hostilities will commence.
I visited General Aguinaldo's:
outposts around Manila on Sat
urday and Sunday. The native
troops seemed enthusiastic at the
idea of an attack upon Manila.
On all houses were displayed
ilaming posters bearing this in
scription, "Independence or
death."
It is understood- the native
troops in the environs of Manila
number 30,000. All. profess great
hatred for Americans. I was ar
rested frequently on suspicion of
THE RIVER AT ILOILO HAS
BEEN BLOCKED BY NATIVES
MANILA, Jan. 12.— The situation at
Hollo is unchanged. The Filipinos are
unceasingly active day and night. On
Saturday they loaded some lighters
with rook and sank them at the en
trance of the river, blocking the chan
nel for all vessels with the exception of
launches. The lights have been ex
tinguished. ( >rder, however, is main
tained with severity and offenders are
promptly shot.
On Sunday one of the Arizona's boats,
manned by soldiers, was carried on by
the ebb tide to Quimares Island, and
■while attempting to land there armed
natives assembled on the beach and
compelled the Americans to retire. The ,
Filipinos refuse to have any dealings
with the Americans. Vegetables and
fruit are not obtainable, business is ,
suspended and thy warehouses are
filled with rotting supar.
At Manila the situation is critical, but
pacification is possible in spite of the
unyielding attitude of the Filipinos. It
is reported that the rebel Government
at Malolos is willing that the Ameri- :
c-ins should establish a protectorate on .
the condition that they nromise to give
the Filipinos absolute independence;
within a stated time. It is also said
that the Filipinos will demand official j
recognition.
Efforts are being made to bring about
another conference with the rebels. The
educated Filipinos are anxious to avoid
trouble and it is ho-ped that the mili
tant Filipinos will recede before wiser
counsel. In the meantime the tension
\b extreme on both sides.
FRIENDSHIP OF GERMANS
AND AMERICANS AT MANILA
NEW YORK, Jan. 12.— Major Al
phonse yon Sonnenburg, the German
military expert who was at Manila
during the blockade by the United
States navy after the battle of Cavite.
and who is now in this city, speaking
to-day about Rear Admiral Dewey.
said :
There were never any honest differ- j
encea between Dewey and the German:
admiral, Yon Diedrichs; there was only
a theoretical difference about the inter
pretation of one word in the expression
■flmlt de visite" — the light of search—
what was the- meaning of visite, for the
forms of search were different toward
different kinds of vessels, toward mer
chant mm ami ships of war. But after I
the friendliest ex.-hango of letters by the
two admirals an understanding was at
once reached. To show you the spirit
that was in it at all 1 will tell you thai |
the American squadron once received sup- >
plies of frosen mutton, and your admiral |
>■ nt Admiral yon Diedrichs a present of i
half a Bheep. The other returned the
rompl!m«-nt by Bending Dewey a living
<*aif procured somewtletre in the islands. '
You =cc how stupid to think that they j
wanted to begin shooting at each other.
The English were at the bottom of this !
Btory of a misunderstanding. All that the
English in Manila could do to create bus- '■
picion between the two countries they ,
did. They sent false stories to Hong- |
kong. which from there wore telegraphed
over the whole world.
Here's another example of the broad
mindedness of Admiral Dewey. When
the Consuls of various neutral countries
Pears*
. . What is wanted of soap
for the skin is to wash it
clean and not hurt it.
Pure soap does that. This
is why we want pure soap;
and when we say pure,
we mean without alkali.
Pears' is pure; no free
alkali. There are a thou-
sand virtues of soap; this
one is enough. You can
trust a soap that has no
biting alkali in it.
All sorts of 6tores sell it, especially
druggista; all sorts of people use it.
OTIS HOPEFUL.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12.— The
"Secretary of War was much
gratified this morning by the
receipt of the following cable
gram at 7:20 o'clock:
"MANILA, Jan. 12.— Adjutant
General, Washington: Conditions
apparently improving. Citizens
feel more secure. Many natives
are returning. The city is quiet
and business is active. OTIS. "
being an American, but was re
leased upon showing my English
consular passport.
General Aguinaldo's soldiers,
one and all, are longing to attack
Manila. They declare they will
except no terms except absolute
independence. News ' received
from Iloilo to-day is that the
became frightened for fear Manila would
be bombarded the German Consul went
to Dewey at Cavite and ask«d if lie had
iiny objections to this proceeding: To
charter Spanish steamers then lying- in
the Kiver Pasig. placing on board the
neutral refugfes and anchoring theso ves
sels between the neutral warships. Dewey
answered: "Well, why not? 1 do not
make war against women and children."
Even the Spanish non-combatants were
granted this privilege. The only condi
tion made was that those steamers which,
being in a blockaded port, belonged to the
Government of the United States, should
return to Dewey's hands after the sur
render of Manila. Furthermore, ho grant
ed that in the cas« of a typhoon all these
steamers of refuge might come over and
anchor with the American fleet at Cavite.
Asked if German military men gener
ally who had seen the run of events
at Manila held the same opinion of
Dewey, the major replied that they
did.
The question was asked: "What are
going to be the future relations of Ger
many and the United States in regard
to possessions in the Eastern archiDel-
ago?"
Major yon Sonnenburg replied: "Ger
man and American interests through
out the whole world run alone parallel
lines, and parallel lines, you know,
never meet. I do not see how any ill
feeling can arise between the two great
peoples."
Questioned about the attitude of the
native Filipinos toward the United
States, Major yon Sonnenburg was em
phatic:
"The Filipinos will fight," he said.
"unless you give them what they want.
I believe they will not lay down their
arms until they get self-govejnment."
STRONG OPPOSITION
TO PEACE TREATY
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12.— Little busi
ness was transacted by the Senate in
open session to-day. Sixteen bills on
the private pension calendar were pass
ed and a joint resolution extending the
thanks of Congress to Miss Clara Bar
ton and other officials of the Red Cross
Society for their beneficent work in
Armenia and Cuba were adopted.
In the executive session the proposi
tion to debate the Paris treaty in public
was discussed, but no conclusion was
reached.
Senators Hale and Hoar announced
themselves openly during the session
as determined to vote against the
treaty, and while the discussion was In
progress, a number of Democratic Sen
ators held a conference for the pur
pose of deciding upon a course of an
tagonism calculated to secure its de
feat. While confessing that they are
not yet able to count enough Senators
to insure this result, they profess to be
very hopeful as a result of the work so
far done.
IMPERIALISM DECLARED
"CRIMINAL AGGRESSION"
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12.— The House
to-day passed the diplomatic and con-
sular appropriation bill without an
amendment. During the general debate
two set speeches were made against
imperialism by Carmack and Games of
Tennessee. The diplomatic and con
sular bill Is the sixth of the regular
appropriation bills to pass the House.
Seven budgets yet remai/i to be acted
upon. The bill, as passed, carries $1.
--705.533.
In his speech, Carmack protested
against launching this Government on
a career of conquest and criminal ag
gression. The President, he declared,
was now waging war upon his own re
sponsibility, for his own purpose. While
the war against Spain had been blessed
of God, this war for the conquest of
the Philippines was a crime against
liberty and the curse of God was upon
it. It revolutionized every tradition of
the republic. It was being entered upon
thoughtlessly and recklessly witho-ut
considering the cost. It was in utter cun
tompt of the solemn warnings of the
greatest and wisest of our statesmen.
The flag was to be kept floating over
the Philippines, but not a single free
man was to stand beneath its folds. A
cuuntry that was not fit for a free
man's home was not fit for a free
man's flag. (Democratic applause.)
He spoke, of the tremendous cost dis
tant possessions would entail upon us,
drawing his illustrations from the
countries of Europe. England, he said,
expended one-third of her revenue fcr
the cost of past wars and one-third In
preparing for future wars. Only one
third was expended to meet the current
necessities of Government. But added
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, FRIDAY, JANUARY 13, 1899.
American troops have not yet
landed. Women and children
have left Iloilo, and banks have
removed their treasure to war
ships.
The natives have poured kero
sene over every house in town in
order to set them on fire if the
Americans seek to force a land
ing.
Thousands of natives are leav
ing Manila. The markets are
bare of provisions.
The First California Regiment,
which embarked a week ago in
five steamers, presumably for
Iloilo, are at this moment disem
barking. This would indicate
that General Otis has abandoned
his designs upon Iloilo for the
present, or that he requires all
his men to defend Manila.
to the monetary cost, sa!d he, would be
the loss of our sense of security and
peace of mind. "War all around threat
ened us constantly and to meet it we
would have to be armed to the teeth
on sea and land. Once a nation tasted
of colonial empire it became a passion.
The appetite was never satisfied. Yet
one of the world's greatest men had
declared that colonial empire had never
been a source of power to any country.
Macaulay affirmed it. Lord Beacons
field declared that England's colonies
were a millstone around her neck. Ho
referred sarcastically to Secretary
Gage's alleged statement that Christian
civilization and 5 per cent profit could
go hand in hand. He wanted to know
if we could perve God and Mammon
at the same time.
Carmack was liberally applauded and
congratulated by his colleagues when
he concluded.
Games (D.) of Tennessee followed
with an argument against the power
of the United States to acquire terri
tory except for the purpose of making
States of such territory.
FILIPINO REFUGEES
TELL QUEER YARNS
HONGKONG, Jan. 12.— A steamship
Just arrived from Manila brings a large
number of rich and influential Filipinos
and their families, who have left the
Philippines owing to the situation
there. The refugees say the landing of
American troops at Iloilo would be
treated as casus belli, and that the
Filipino army thereupon would attack
General Otis at Manila.
The Filipino Government has offered
an asylum in the province to foreign
families, including Spaniards, who are
now inhabiting Manila.
The Filipinos here say that ten Amer
ican volunteers Jumped overboard from
the transports bound from Manila to
Iloilo, swam ashore and said they had
not volunteered to fight the Filipinos.
The report is not confirmed.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Pensions Granted Westerners and
Army Orders Issued.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 12.— 8y di
rection of the Secretary of War Second
Lieutenants William C. Geiger and Don
ald McNulta, Twenty-fourth United
States Infantry, are transferred to the
Fourteenth United States Infantry. They
will proceed to San Francisco and report
in person, to the commanding 1 officer,
j Twentieth United States Infantry, upon
j its arrival there, for duty with that regi-
I ment enroute to the Philippines, and will
j there join the regiment to which they are
transferred.
lieutenant Colonel John D. Miley, in
spector general, United States Volunteers,
': now In this city, will proceed via San
! Francisco to Manila, Philippine Islands,
and report in person to the commanding
general of the Department of the I aolflc
! for assignment to duty on the staff of
j Major General Henry W. Lawton, United
States volunteers.
First Lieutenant Thomas H. Slavens,
; Fourth United States Cavalry, is relieved
1 from duty as aid-dc-camp on the staff of
j Major General Francis V. Greene, United
I States Volunteers and will proceed to the
I Presidio of San Francisco and report in
j person for uuty to the commanding of
ficer. Fourth United States Cavalry.
Post Chaplain Edward H. Fitzgerald,
United States army, will report In person
to the commanding officer, Twenty-sec
ond United States Infantry, for duty, and
will proceed with that regiment to the
Philippine Islands.
Private William C. Bryant, Company D,
I First Tennessee Volunteer Infantry, San
! Francisco, is discharged from the service
of the United States.
Senator Perkins to-day introduced a bill
providing for the construction of a rev
enue cutter for use on the Pacific Coast.
Pensions fur Californians— Original, Wil-
I liam Jennings, San Francisco, $8; Irving
IF. Sutherland, Santa Rosa, $10. Reissue
and increase — Barsillo R. Wheeler, Red
lands, $22 to $25. Mexican War survivors,
increase— Daniel Brown, Watsonville, $S
ito $12. Mexican War widows— Maria
Trout, Soquel, $S.
Oregon: Original — Jewery Henton,
' Glencoc. $8.
Washington: Increase — Joseph M. New
' sum, Olympia, $6 to $8.
CONFIRMED BY THE SENATE.
Harris to Be Minister to Austria and
Tower Embassador to Russia.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12.— The Senate
to-day confirmed these nominations:
Addison C. Harris of Indiana, Minister
to Austria-Hungary.
Charlemagne Tower of Pennsylvania,
Embussador to Russia.
Colonel William Wherry, Seventeenth
Infantry, to be brigadier general.
Postmasters: Montana— H. O. Chowen,
Great Falls; E. S. Stackpole, Deer Lodge;
Julia A. Kline, White Sulphur Springs;
D. J. Dolset, Sand Coule*.
WAS ALBERT
COOK SLAIN IN
SELF-DEFENSE?
NAPA, Jan. 12.— 1f the killing of Al
bert Cook was not the result of an act
of self-defense by Jesse Walters, the
Oakville capitalist, It was one of the
moat cold-blooded, cowardly and delib
erate murders ever perpetrated. And
each day adds strength to the now gen
erally accepted belief that it was the
latter, and each passing hour augments
the bitter sentiment against Walters.
In the general condemnation of the al
leged atrocious crime that is heard on
every side, ex-Sheriff McKenzie cornea
In for not a small share of the blame.
All through Napa County the tragedy,
though it occurred one week ago to
day, is the still absorbing topic, as Wal
ters is and his victim was well known
In this section.
Interest was intensified by the sensa
tional testimony which was forced from
ex-Sheriff McKenzie yesterday by Dis
trict Attorney Bell. This brought Mrs.
Walters, the wife of the prisoner, di
rectly into the affair, and made a dra
matic climax to the many sensational
features that have already developed.
His testimony was that he had been
asked by Mrs. Walters to give employ
ment to a cousin of hers; that he had
employed Cook, who came to him under
the name of Doerman, on the repre
sentation that he was the cousin of
Mrs. Walters. This testimony made a
deep impression on the Coroner's jury,
and speculation was indulged in to-day
by people here whether the finding of
the Coroner's jury would not implicate
ex-Sheriff McKenzie in the alleged mur
der as an accessory before the act, on
the theory that he was a party to a
conspiracy which resulted in the in
veigling of Cook into McKenzie's stable
and his subsequent killing. Should the
Coroner's jury go to this length, the
authorities will cause the arrest of Mc-
Kenzie. This information was vouch
safed the representative of The Call at
the office of the District Attorney.
In the minds of those connected with
the prosecution there is not the slight
est doubt that Cook was foully killed.
This confidence is based partly on the
evidence already given at the Coroner's
inquest and partly on testimony not
BARS AMERICANS
FROM ATLIN GOLD
British Columbia's Ex
clusion Bill.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 12.— The full
text of the bill introduced in the British
Columbia Legislature to exclude aliens
from the Atlln gold district follows.
The bill has passed to its second read-
Ing and unquestionably will become a
law:
1 Every person who If not less than IS
years of age and is a British subject shall
be entitled to all the rights and privi
leges of a free miner under this act. and
shall be considered a free miner under
this act upon the taking out of a free
miner's certificate, as long as such certi
ficate remains in force.
2. No joint stock company or corpora
tion shall be entitled to take out a free
miner's certificate unless the same has
been Incorporated and not simply licensed
under the laws of this province and unless
such company or corporation Is author
ized to take out a miner's license by the
Lieutenant Governor In council. The
word "person" in this section shall in
clude bucS company or corporations as
aforesaid only.
3. A miner's liecense taken out by any
person not authorized so to do by this
section shall be null and void.
4. This section shall nut affect free min
ers' certificates Issued before the coming
into force of this section, and in case any
person or corporation not allowed under
this section to take out a free miner's li
cense has, prior to the coming into force
of this section, acquired any Interest or
any claim, under the provisions of
the "placer mining act," such license
may he renewed from time to time,
but such renewal Licenses shall not
entitle the holder thereof to hold
or acquire any Interest in any
claim under said "placer mining act," ex
cept such interests so acquired prior to
the coming into force of this section.
6. No free miner after the coming into
force of this section shall hold any claim
under said placer mining act" or any
interest thei"*rn as trustee or otherwise
for any person who is not a British sub
ject or for any corporation not author
ized to take out a free miner's certifi
cate as above provided.
Hunting for Sunken Spanisa
Treasure Ships, a new American in
dustry, in next Sunday's Call.
Weapons Used by the Principals in the Napa
Tragedy.
made public, but In the possession of
the District Attorney. It is claimed
that there •will be no difficulty in con
victing Walters.
All three, bullets fired by Walters
struck Cook, notwithstanding that Wal
ters, according to his original state
ment, was under fire when he first shot.
Only one of Cook's shots went home,
though he fired four shots, and is said
by Walters to have taken the Initiative.
All the missiles that plowed their way
into Cook's body show a range that
indicated his back was toward Walters
when the latter fired.
The testimony of Fred Jacks was that
the sound of the first two shots was
considerably louder than some of those
which followed. The importance of
IF FRANCE DARED
SHE WOULD FIGHT
AGAINST ENGLAND
BERLIN, Jan. 12.— The opinion Jb prevalent here that the diffi
culties between France and England are by no means over and that
England Is bent on exacting 1 further concessions from the republic.
No one appears to doubt that if France were in the same relatively
strong position that England Is to-day there would be war to-morrow.
As a matter of fact most people believe that the English need a
war, not one of those that are profitable to illustrated journalism,
but a war that would carry off a hundred thousand men and which
in its consequences would lead to the purification from Internal cor
ruption and decay that is undermining England's greatness.
NOISY WELCOME
TO THE RAINFALL
Giant Powder Exploded
at San Miguel.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
gAN MIGUEL. Jan. f2.-the rainfall
here yesterday was 1.68 Inches, as against
.07 of an Inch on the same date last year.
The amount of the precipitation for the
Btorm up to Tuesday night was 2.37
inches and for the season 3.66 inches. Last
year up to this date only .84 of an inch
of rain fell at this point. The ground is
thoroughly soaked, and In the low places
■water covers the land. Giant powder was
exploded last night in celebration of the
deliverance from drought. The greatest
change .has taken place between San
Lucas and Bradley. What were dry, sun
baked plains forty-eight hours ago are
now great fields of water, with all of the
water courses overflowing their banks. At
a point a few miles south of San Lucas
the railroad track was partially sub
merged and the foundation of a cattle
guard so hadly washed out that trains
were delayed. The grass has begun to
show, above ground, but it is yet too cold
to make a rapid growth. It is noticeable
that the farmers and business firms in
this vicinity who were preparing to move
Jacks' testimony lies in the fact thttt
Walter's weapon was a i4-calfcer Smith
& W r esson, -tfhile that of Cook s was of
32-caliber and a much smaller revolver
in every particular, iAt the inquest,
which will be resumed to-norrow,
Jacks' testimony will be corroborated
by that of A. H. Daniels, an ex-Tustice
of the Peace. Jacks keeps a bicy.le re
pairing establishment next door U Mc-
Kenzie's suable, and Daniels and Tacks
■were in the shop when the shootinr oc
curred.
In addition to Daniels, there will e s
tify before the Coroner's jury to-n*r
row District Attorney Bell, who is re
ported to have some startling revela
tions to make; Maurice O'Connell, w»
will give important testimony regard,
ing Walters' movements in Napa on tht
morning of and just preceding the time
of the tragedy; Sheriff D. A. Dunlap,
who will testify concerning the weapons
and the incidents immediately following
the killing, and another witness, whose
name has not been disclosed, who will
testify to having seen Walters hanging
about in the neighborhood of McKen
zie's stable and closely observing the
entrance to it before he finally en
tered it.
Since the testimony by him yester
day ex-Sheriff McKenzie - has worn a
more accentuated look of worry, and
the change in his appearance was the
cause of remarks among his friends
and acquaintances. When Interviewed
by The Call representative to-day he
admitted being aware of the public
sentiment and opinion regarding his
connection with the affair, and made
the following statement:
"I had no knowledge that the man
kiWed was Cook until after the terrible
event, when the corpse was recognised
by Mr. Coward as that of Cook. Be
sides, I did not know that Walters was
coming to the stable that day. It would
be unreasonable to suppose, If I were
a party to this matter, that I would
want to be a witness to the crime.
"So far as my wanting to send ev
erybody away from the stable that
morning, there ia nothing in ft at all. It
was merely by chance that there was
none of the employes in the stable at
the time. The prosecution, I know,
are making much of this fact.
"I am innocent of everything and am
perfectly willing to make known all the
information I have. If Mr. Walters
came here because he got wind of Cook
being employed In the stable he has
placed me in a very nasty position and
any friendship I had for him should
cease.
"I want to say, further, that I never
had any communication with Cook,
either by letter, telegram or telephone,
before he came here. I suppose he
came in response to a letter written to
him by Mrs. Walters, telling him I
would give him employment. I did not
know where he was located. In fact,
his employment was a matter of little
or no thought to me. I had ten years'
business as Sheriff to wind up, as I was
about to go out of office, and I had
sickness in my family, bo I had enough
on my mind without thinking of hiring:
stable men."
Among the matters under investiga
tion and which may be expected at the
examination to-morrow Is the wound
of Walters' and the pistol found near
Cook's hand. One of the theories held
by the authorities is that the wound
may have been self-inflicted, and that
the smaller pistol may never have been
used by Cook or been in hie possession.
An effort is being made to trace the
history of the weapon. No one has
thus far been found who ever saw a
pistol in Cook's possession or heard of
his carrying one.
out of the country a few days ago are
now, as the result of the downpour, pre
paring to stay.
Jan. 12.-The heaviest
storm at this place in two years has just
passed. During its progress the town was
practically isolated from the outside
world telegraph wires having been down
since Saturday and telephone wires down
at l n^ cr .I alfi durln X the storm. It is esti
mated that nearly six inches of rain has
fallen It is said on good authority that
the Itlca mines will not have to shut
down again this season on account of lack
of wator, there being sufficient water In
the reservoirs and snow in the mountains
to keep the big mines in operation
BAKERSFIEI.D, Jan. 12.-Kern delta
and all the plains and foothills around
gut a soaking, and there is new life in the
lujid in consequence. Since January 1 the
rainfall here has been .99 of an inch. Many
parts of the county received much more
During the recent storm the precipita
tion in the Tejon country was 1.59 inches
The weather is mild and grain is coming
along rapidly. In a week there will be
good range feed. There is lots ot snow
in the mountains, which will insure pleiity
of water for irrigation. This community
never had a better outlook.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 12.— 1t rained hard
here again last night and throughout the
county, the fall being .32 of an Inch in the
city and over an inch p.t Cuyamaca. The
total rainfall for the season here Is 3 43
Inches. The average rainfall to this date
for the last twenty-seven years was 3 96
Inches. The total rainfall for the storm
is 1.66 inches, and at Cuyamaca it reached
4.6 Inches.
Say His Accounts Are Straight.
REDDING, Jan. 12.— Ex-Postmaster L.
M. Dennis has made a statement to the
local press refuting 1 the telegraphed re
port from Washington to the effect that
his accounts with the Postofflce Depart
ment are short. No credence Is given the
Washington report here. Mr. Dennis was
elected Treasurer of Shasta County at
the last election.
SHARON CHARGED
WITH TREACHERY
Nevada Silverites De
nounce Him.
STATE COMMITTEE FIGHT
A.TTEMPT TO DEPOSE THE
CHAIRMAN.
Final Action Goes Over for On©
Week, but the Stewart Men
Have the "Upper
Hand.
Sieclal Dlspntc-h. to The Call.
CARSO:?, Nev., Jan. 12.— At the Silver
party Sta*» Central Committee meeting
to-day the following resolution was in
troduced:
Whereas. W. K. Sharon, chairman of th*
Silver party Sate Central Committee now, Is
laboring t . <1.-V:it the expressed will "' th«
Silver party in 'ts platform declaration for the
re-election of William M. Stewart ti> the
United States Senate; and whereas, said W. K.
Sharon can no longer hold said office; there
fore
Resolved. That «aid W. E. Sharon be re
quested to tender at onop his resignation aa
chairman of the Fllver party State Central
Committee.
This was opposed on tho pround that
the gubernatorial contest took precedence
with the committee It was laid on tha
table temporarily and Governor Sadler
was allowed to select a committee, con
sisting of one from each county, to han
ble his fight in the contested election case.
Money was subscribed to furnish the sin
ews of war for the contest.
On a motion to lift the resolution from
the table a hot fight ensued. Sharon wa3
charged by members of the committed
with having violated party pledges. Shar
oi in defense charged Stewart with
ticrhery. The resolution was finally
taken up by a vote of ?. to 0. After a lonff
debate it was decided by a vote of 23 to 19
to adjourn the meeting for one week, and
the secretary was instructed to put In
the call that the object of the adjourned
meeting would be the deposing of Sharon
from the chairmanship. The staving off
of the vote for one week is claimed as a
victory by the Newlands people. Tho
Stewart men, however, claim that they
are willing to give the people of the State
a week's time to discuss the matter and
allow the central committee men to in
struct the proxies. They say they car
ried their point in having the full pur
pose of the meeting published in the call,
and that the vote, 3 to 9, is significant as
expressing the sense of the meeting
They had full power with the proxies in
their hand to administer full punishment
to Sharon had they felt disposed, but
giving their opponents another week was
in the interest of fair play. This is tha
first preliminary skirmish of the battle,
and both sides claim the honors.
The Stewart men were in high feather
to-day over the report that the anti-
Stewart men were getting ready to
run William Sharon in case New
lands cannot get sufficient votes.
They regard It as a sign that tha
Newlands people realize that they cannot
count sufficient noses to win. Newlands
has been in communication with A. C.
Cleveland, who is now sick at the Arling
ton Hotel, threatened with pneumonia.
Overtures were made to Cleveland yester
day, and as an immediate result the word
has gone out from the Newlandfl head
quarters that • Sharon will be thrown into
the breach if necessary. This statement
Was made in the 1 Enterprise,, Xewlands'
organ, this morning, and is regarded as
printed by authority.
fciOST DURING THE STORM.
Iron Mountain Prospector Believed
to Have Perished.
REDDING, Jan. 12.-To the list of the-,
lives lost in the great snowstorm in
Shasta County will doubtless have to be
added the name of Cal Kro,chex, who has -
been missing for four days. He was a
prospector, residing at Iron Mountain. He
left his cabin last Monday for the moun
tains to the north in search of two pack
horses. A search party, consisting of M.
R. Adams, Krocher's partner, and two
hired men. left Redding this morning to
look for the missing- man. Krocher is an
old mountaineer and ordinarily is per
fectly at home in the hills, but owing to
the heavy storm which set in after his de
parture he is supposed to have lost his
way in the deep snow and perished from
exhaustion and exposure.
A young man named Harkness was a
victim of the snowstorm of New Year's
day. He fell exhausted on the Clear Creek
divide. He was rescued, but died soon
afterward. William Goodall of Shasta
sought refuge in a tunnel from the fury
of the storm, was penned in for days, dug
his way out and reached the Camden toll
house more dead than alive. It is be
lieved that other cases, perhaps of death
will come to light with the melting of the
snow and the resumption of communica
tion with the less frequented sections.
Poisoning Wild Geese.
WOODLAND, Jan. 12.— A dispatch from
Blacks says wild geese are dying by hun
dreds in the tules north of town. The
presumption Is they have been poisoned
One hunter picked up thirty-four disabled
ones to-day, supposing them to be
cripples.
You weak? If so, why?
You' know that 'when you
were born you were fairly
.' .i ' treated by • Dame Nature.
Then why are you puny to-
M day? .There max be a se-
cret . about this, but you
may be certain that you
are not, the only weakling
• In the world. Thousands of
r others keep you,. company.
You have been drawing too
freely on the bank account
. . -• • ' . : which nature placed on de-
posit for you. If you have-
been foolish' it is now time
.'. . .' >' - ; . to become- wise. -,~_,
Be sure the solution of the
■ ; ' difficulty. Is in your own
hands. Alone you cannot
--■. -be.as strong, -as big and as
vigorous as you, once were
•iin I I ? " >"" you can with the aid of
If B1 1 I ' *'•' that ,. great rernedio-treat-
¥ I I I I ment, .VHudyan." So other
■fill - . thinfr will make, j\,ur blood
1 111 I tingle in -your*- veins as it
lUU did ** the days your
youth and manliness. But
:-T)-,- . . . • this "Hudyan? will do. It
. - ■'.-.- has dene it for 20.000 peo-
• . ." ple. Why should it fall
■•,',* - - . with you? It . ( will not. It
cannot fall.
■;;.■:■ "Done up." That Is what
.;;. ■-.... . : you think .you are. nut if
..' .. • '.-, V; . you can f^nd vigorous life
.; •■ . ':.:.' . ": \ • again; if you can become
■ '■"& whole man once more
why not do It? You eninv
II Irll/ ft "? Bln « Ie " n * " { *™ great
lllL Alf I Pleasures " to-day ?o
1! Lnl\ . .'rh^^n^M!u d»
write ; and. ' ask for ' free
circulars and. testimonials
-. telling you all -about it'
. A6k for ad»ice on any
;'; ' ! - : oueptlon if yo.u are weak.
It is all free.
Copper-colored spots, • teeth loose and all th«
other signs of blood taint must be attended to
Ask for free "thirty-day blood cure" circular^
That remedy disposes of all blood taint qutcklv
and surely. It makes no difference what the
stage of the disease may. .be. No- charge what-
ever for all the Information you may, want.
■ nil " ft ' t
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
| •',:•• SAN FRANCISCO, GAI.;-,CALLS GEN. MILES A LIAR
GENERAL EAGAN
DENOUNCES HIS
SUPERIOR OFFICER
Will Cause His Court-Mar
tial, and Miles May Be
Relieved.
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
MEW YORK. Jan. 12. — The Herald's Washington cor
respondent sends the following:
Brigadier General Charles P. Eagan. commissary general of
•:ice of the army, will be court-martialed by order of the
President for vituperative language employed by him to-day be
fore the War Investigating Commission in his comments upon
or General Miles and the testimony of that officer respecting
the character of beef furnished the army which invaded Porto
Rico.
The War Commission will find in its report to the Pre-i
--:' officers that the beef furnished the army
of invasion of Porto Rico was "embalmed/ chemically treated
and unfit for use. are untrue, and that the meat supplied was
good.
It is understood that President McKinley is seriously con
sidering the advisability of relieving Major General Miles from
command of the army as a result oi the beef scandal.
These are highly sensational developments to-day in the
meat scandal, which has disrupted the army from its com
mander-in-chief down to the lowest private in the sen-ice.
They are true indications of the state of discipline which prevails
throu;j vi the military branch, and the heroic treatment which
will have to be administered to bring order out of the existing
••.on.
General Eagan has declared for some days past that either
he or General Miles would have to be court-martialed, and he
that either he or General Miles should be put
c army, as either he or General Miles was right.
General Eagan's wishes will be gratified. He will be court-
But it will not be on charges based upon the char
acter of the beef supplied to the army. It will be on charges
. out of his vituperation of his superior officer which
may result in dismissal from the service, and, notwithstanding
the unpopularity of Major-General Miles in administration
■-. that officer will not have to lift a hand to secure redress
for the outrageous insults which he was compelled to suffer to
day.
I learned this evening that Secretary Alger. immediately
upon learning of the character of General Eagan's testimony,
verified the reports of the gross language which the commissary
general had employed, and it is expected he will ask the com
n to present him to-morrow with a full copy.
The commission will not hesitate to comply with his re-
Its members were deeply shocked at the vulgarity dis
played by the witness, his utter disregard of the traditions of
the sen-ice, and finally his breach of discipline in criticizing so
disgracefully the conduct of his superior officer.
In the meantime General Miles is sawing wood and saying
little. He appreciates that his position has improved by the
disgraceful attack made upon him by General Eagan. He knows,
though Secretary Alger has not communicated with him. that
the Secretary of War disapproves of General Eagan's language,
and he knows, furthermore, that the President stands with his
Secretary of War. But General Miles' hands are tied.
A personal friend of General Miles, who is aware of the pres
ent intentions of the commandin general, said to me to-night:
"So far as General Eagan and his testimony are concerned
General Miles thinks the commission should have refused to
listen to such language, just as in Congress when one member
calls another a liar the Speaker decides him out of order. The
general does not contemplate taking any immediate action."
• WASHINGTON". Jan. 12.— Most vig
orous and sensational testimony was
given before the War Investigating
'Commission to-day by v Commissary
-'jeneral Eagan. who, appearing unex
pectedly to meet the allegations against
the beef issued in the war, vigorously
arraigned Major General Miles, com
manding the army. He read his testi
mony from a large written statement.
He denied numerous statements of
General Miles, charged that the latter's
testimony constituted severe reflections
■on the commanding generals of the ex
peditions, and referred to him as "this
same commanding general, Nelson A.
Miles," and said who ever called the
•b^ef furnished "embalmed beef" was a
"liar."
- waa reca:>-l to answer
hareres of Genera! Miles
;' ai:d processed beef was
troopt ir. the field. General
I prepared a typewritten state
- nis side of the ease, and
r^ad It. General Eagan
■ fact that General Miles
c sworn, and commented
• that he was only one of five
- irbo had so refused.
: be himself preferred
Oorerat i.ajran b*s:an by calling- atten
tion to General Miles' appointment of
Major John D. Black, a clvifjan. as Chief
of Sta!T. and said that this was tareelv
responsible for the trouble that followed.
lv& a X r laioT Black had been fur
nished fc/WObtfore starting for Porto Rico.
and that he had apparently not known
enough to provide himself with, a check
book and had not left his signature with
the Secretary of the Treasury nor made
any other preparation for availing himself
of the funds at his command. There were
experienced disbursing: officers in the isl
and that had in the aggregate over $400 -
000 in their possession", and yet General
Miles had complained that there were
no paymasters in the island, so that the
soldiers had no money with which to buy
food for themselves. General Miles had
then called on the department to put $50 -
000 more In the hands of Black, and this
General Eagan declined to do. putting
J1').O» to Major Black's credit In New
York
General Eagan referred to the mysteri
ous manner in which papers disappeared
from the files of the W ar Department. He
said that while General Miles was at
Tampa he wired to the commissary gen
*ral to know what- stores t and supplies
we . re . on hand at Tampa, and some other
points. General Eagan replied in the
usual way. though at that time the rail
road tracks at Tampa were piled with
millions of rations. General Eagan said
he was astounded the following morning
to see In the reports to certain papers
that General Miles had severely repri
manded the commissary general, the chief
of ordnance and the quartermaster gen
eral for the unprepared condition of their
respective departments. General Miles
had no right in the world to deliver such
%H Ap J 7l and \. an ? wttcess had at once in
closed the clipping to the adjutant gen
eral s office, requesting an inquiry as to
the authenticity of the report. No such
reprimand was ever received by him and
the general commanding had taken no no
tice of his inquiry or even taken the trou
ble since then to declare the unauthorized
character of the present statements. It
was such indifference as this that had
given license to the yellow journalistic
knaves j ho had misrepresented and
hounded Government officials throughout
the war t Gene al Ea*ar. subsequently
had tried to get his letter of inquiry and
press clipping from the adjutant gener
al s office, but it had disappeared and was
nowhere to be found.
Witness then charged General Miles di
rectly with disarranging and hampering
the administration of the War Depart
ment by calling officers from their duty
where their presence was absolutely ne
cessary This was the case in taking
Colonel John \\ eston away from Cuba to
serve with the Porto Rican expedition
and in putting Major A. L. Smith; a very
efficient officer, assigned as depot commis
sary in Porto Rico, to work on "some
transport duty, when his services were
demanded on shore. General Eagan said
the commanding general went clearly
outside his power in doing this, and Inti
mated that General Miles was moved to
do so by the Ignorance and Inefficiency of
his own appointee. Major Black who was
supposed to be the chief commissary of
General Miles' staff. General Eagan re
ferred to General Miles' testimony that he
had telegraphed the department from
Porto Rico for complete and proper ra
tions, and said that If the commissary
general's office had received any such
message he should have considered it at
the request of a "very ignorant and 11
Informed person."
Continuing, General Eagan referred to
General Miles' expressed preference for
native beef, of which he said there was
plenty, and asserted then* were no cattle
whatever In the neighborhood of Santi
ago. The native beef General Miles re
ferred to General Eagan characterized as
bulls, stags and overworked cattle. The
use of - such - aclmajg - the department
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAT, JAN r ART 13, 1899.
"He lied witb as
blacK a heart as tfye
man wr;o blew up
the Maine and he
deserves to be
characterized and
Known to America
and Europe, wbere
his statements have
gone, as being trje
colossal, prodigious
liar of the nine
teenth century."—
Froro Gen. Eagan's
denunciation of Ma
jor General Nelson
A. Miles.
; -would never allow. General Eaeran, quot
i inp General Miles' allegation that In his
judgment there was some serious defect ;
i in the refrigerated an 4 canned beet, said
I General Miles would not say this was :
anything more than his judgment.
"Whoever." said General Eagan, "calls i
It "embalmed beef' is a liar."
Citing the reports submitted by* General
Miles in corroboration of his statements, j
: General Eagan submitted whether or not
j his course of submitting these reports
would not be construed as seeking adverse
! reports. He cited Generals Merritt and
Shafter as approving the beef.
"Newspaper statements emanating from
General Miles that 190.000 pounds of the I
beef were condemned at Porto Rico is ab- I
solutely false. No such quantity was
condemned there or elsewhere." -
Witness said Surgeon Daly's report that
the beef apparently was injected with
chemicals to aid in preservation was "a
' falsehood and he made it out of whole
I cloth." He denounced the assertion that
chemically prepared beef had been issued
anywhere and said he did not believe ;
Surgeon Daly had that belief then, since
or now.
"Why." he asked, "did he shirk his
i duty; why not then make chemical
; analysis and why keep this information
j to himself and spring it suddenly on the
: commission and the whole country and
imply packing houses have been cheating
the Government and violating their con- :
tracts. At no time did he inform the
, commissary- general or the Secretary of
War of these things."
"This," continued the witness, '"is a
scandal calculated to ruin thousands of
people and discredit and put in infamy
one of the greatest industries of the
world. General Miles, in his testimony.
refers to the beef as sent out under pre
tense of an experiment. This implies cor
■■ ruption, a serious charge not to be lightly
made. Already t c press almost wholly
has accepted this view, and some nave
demanded my dismissal. It was not an
experiment nor pretense thereof.
"General Miles lies in his throat, In his
; heart, in every part of his body. He
\ should be drummed out of the service
: and imprisoned. I wish to force the lie
; back in his face. Unless he can prove his
statements he should be avoided by
■■ everybody, should be barred out of every
i club."
The witness denounced in the most sen
• sational terms his (Miles') scandalous,
llbelous and malicious falsehoods.
General Eagan's testimony on this
point was:
"General Miles was asked by your com
mission how tinned fresh beef became a
part of the army ration. His answer is.
j 'You had better ask the Secretary of War
! or the Commissary General. I think they
: can tell you. I know it was sent to the
army as food and the pretense Is that it
was sent as an experiment."
"General Miles, in saying that this
\ food was sent to the army as 'a pre
tense for an experiment,' says that
; which implies corruption, which ninety
nine out of every hundred people will
understand to mean corruption, be
j cause it was a "pretense of experiment."
he says, not even giving credit to me
j for furnishing it as an experiment, but
j that I furnished it under the 'pretense
of an experiment.' This is a serious
charge, and should not be made by any
man lightly nor without ample evidence
to support it. Taking the statement in
the sense it was probably intended, the
sense that will be accepted by the coun
try at large, the sense that already the
j press, almost wholly, of the United
I States has accepted it — indeed some of
| the press called for my dismissal from
i the army and my court-martial — I
1 answer that it was not furnished
J under the pretense of experiment, nor
' even as an experiment, and when Gen
eral Miles charges that it was furnished
as a 'pretense of an experiment' he lies
in his throat, he lies in his heart, he lies
in every hair of his head and every pore
of his body, he lies wilfully, deliber
ately, intentionally and maliciously.
"If his statement is true that this was
furnished under "pretense of an experi
ment' then I should be drummed out of
the army and incarcerated in prison
with other libelers. His* statement is
a scandalous libel, reflecting upon the
: honor of every officer in the department
! who has contracted for or purchased
this meat, and especially and particu
larly on the commissary general—my
self. In denouncing General Miles as a
liar when he makes this statement I
wish to make it as emphatic and as
coarse as the statement itself. I wish
to force the lie back into his throat
covered with the contents of a camp
f latrine. I wish to brand it as a false
j hood of whole cloth, without a particle
of truth to sustain it, and unless he
can prove his statement he should be
driven out of the clubs, barred from the
! society of decent people and so ostra
cized that the street bootblack would
not condescend to speak to him, for
he has fouled his own nest, he has as
persed the honor of a brother officer
■ without a particle of evidence or fact
to sustain in any degree his scandalous,
libelous. malicious falsehoods, viz.,
that this beef or anything whatever
was furnished the army under "pre
tense of experiment.'
General Eagan referred to the pub
i lished interviews of General Miles and
. correspondence between them as to their
• authenticity. General Miles having made
a non-committal reply, and the ■ witness
then said: ," ;' >
"When a man refuses to deny a libel or
falsehood or a statement attributed to
him It is well known that he assumes the
matter. When he avoids the question the
: supposition is that he cannot deny it.
My question is not answered yet. He has
i not yet denied the interview published in
I the New York . Journal dated December
; 23. 1598. and having refused to distinctly
deny it. he should be held to the strictest
; accountability for it. If he made these
statements as set forth there, then he
lied again, and if he made the statements
that 'pretense is the . precise . term to be
used' (as he said then, referring to the
, •experiment'), then he lied with as black
a heart as the man who blew up the
Maine, and he deserves to be character
ized and known to America and Europe,
Jjar here his - statements - have good, as be
ing the colossal, prodigious liar of the
nineteenth century.
I submit to this committee and to the ;
whole country that this account of an in
terview with him In the New York Jour- :
nal, going uncontradicted. undented, and
when the opportunity was given him a
refusal to deny it in terms, places upon ;
him the responsibility for the statements
in that interview, which statements I !
here and now denounce as unmitigated
falsehoods, vile and slanderous, so slan- ;
derous that it can only be called filth. !
I submit to this commission and to the
country at large whether it is the char
acteristic of an honorable man to permit
such statements as are made in this al
leged interview with General Miles In the [
New York Journal, dated December 23.
ISS3, to go uncontradicted. If untrue, and
whether or not it is not the first duty •
of a gentleman, an honest man. an hon- i
orable man, to deny such falsehoods as |
are to be found in the article I refer to,
if they were not made by him."
This interview was headed as follows:
"Miles makes grave charges against the
administration; poisons used in beef made :
soldiers ill; tons of bad beef sent to ;
troops in Porto Rico."
Continuing, General Eagan said: "When :
I was commissary in May last General
Miles had already selected for his staff
as chief commissary one of the ablest
commissaries of the regular army. Major
H. B. Osgood. Judge of my surprise when
one day General Gilmore, the adjutant
general for General Miles, told me it was
General Miles' wfsh to have Major John ■
D. Black, recently appointed from civil
life as a volunteer commissary, made his i '
commissary on his staff. I expressed my I
surprise that the senior officer of the
army should select a volunteer totally
devoid of experience to the subsistence
department and therefore wholly incom- !
petent for such an important duty. Short- i
ly after and about June 18, General Miles !
sent a very ordinary, commonplace tele- i
gram to the adjutant general at Wash- t
ington inquiring what subsistence stores i
the subsistence department had at Tar- ■
pa and somewhere else, some such simi
lar inquiry to the quartermaster general |
and the chief of ordnance.
"I made a formal written reply to this
and to my amazement the next morning I
saw it published in the press of the coun
try that General jdiles had sent or had
. found it necessary to send a serious repri
mand to the quartermaster general, the
; commissary general and the chief of ord
( nance for conditions that he found there. |
No such reprimand was ever received, I
and General Miles has no authority In his |
commission or his position under the law
or regulations to send reprimands to me.
This uncontradicted story of a reprimand
to the heads of three of the most import- j
ant departments of the army aided as j
much as anything in exciting the yellow j
Journal press, the knaves of so-ca*ied j
journalism, to harass and vilify and libel j
the conscientious, able and hard-working
officers or. duty in Washington. Since !
asking that an investigation be made to [
learn who gave out this garbled and al- [
ieged reprimand, I have instituted in- j
quiries to find my requests, with the j
newspaper clippings inclosed. The ad- j
jutant general's department has reported ;
\ their inability to find it."
"Inspector General Breckinridge," he j
said, "has recently addressed letters di- ;
rect to officers of my department calling j
for reports to him about the various artir
cles of food furnished during the past i
year to the army. He does this without
the authority of the Secretary of War.
In effect i - have in these two officers of
the army General Miles and General
Breckinridge who take upon themselves j
to Investigate matters pertaining solely !
and exclusively to the Secretary of War; I
i to call for ex parte reports, and to do [
this directly, not through the adjutant :
general of the army, but direct and with
out the knowledge of the Secretary of
War or the adjutant eeneral of the army.
General Eagan said it appeared from
the seeking of these reports that the sub
ordinates were Inspecting their superior,
| trying him by ex-parte reports obtained !
I at their own instance. He referred to the ■
j reports from officers and submitted by [
j General Miles as irresponsible statements, ;
i and said that few army officers "would :
! take advantage of the situation to make i
I statements which they knew there was [
[no power nor means to disprove, [
' because the substances they speak \
of have passed out of existence, the i
proofs are gone. One of these officers |
goes outside to tell you about competi
tion for contracts and what was used in '■
canning, both things without his possible
knowledge. If General -mies had inform
ed himself as much about the army ra- ,
tion as he pretends to have informed him
self about refrigerated beef, which he
falsely calls 'embalmed beef." then he
: should have been enabled to inform you
that this very tinned beef we are speak- \
ing of has been a part of the army ration ;
| since February 8, '>>*. Whether General f
Miles is ignorant of this I do not pretend ■
j to say, but he takes It upon himself when
i asked who fixed it as a part of the array
ration to say. 'You will have to ask some
one here in Washington.' This implica
tion shows how reliable his statements -
• are."
Having traversed General Miles' state- .
ments, he said:
"Having shown him to you as having
i been a liar, having demonstrated the ani-
I mus which pervades this whole matter. I
i go back to his statement that in his judg
i ment food was one of the serious causes
lof so much sickness and distress of the
I troops. The design to say. to imply, to
assert, to insinuate, that sickness * was I
caused from such reason- in Porto Rico I
is to make an assertion wholly untrue, de- '
void of any facts and devoid of truth,
and can only be prompted by a base mo
tive and under cover of the qualification
'in my judgment.' "
Questioning General Miles' course in
submitting briefs of reports from regimen
tal commanders. General Eagan said the
course is unprecedented in the history of '
the army, not within his province, nor
contemplated by law or regulation, and
there would be just as much justice In
the President or Secretary of war send- ■
ing out a circular letter inviting criti
cisms on the conduct of General Miles
| during this war.
His own (Eagan's) conduct and work :
had been looked into; he saw no reason j
why General Miles' conduct and work '
should not be looked into on this show- j
ing, adding: "It is high time and proper
that this commission should examine into
the truth and falsehood of the statements
and examine into his conduct of the war "
He charged that if Chief Surgeon Daly i
with General Miles, had ever made an
expert examination of the beef, then he '
"willfully and deliberately falsified the
facts."
General Eagan concluded as follows
"If I have used harsh language before 1
this commission in dealing with the sub
ject I ask the commission to bear in mind
the grouping together the statements
i made by General Miles means that I ;
have furnished or allowed to be furnished
to the army embalmed beef and that a
great deal of sickness aros^from Its use
that I have furnished meats to the army
under the 'pretense of experiment' meats
that made the soldiers sick.
"Nearly all the press of America, be
cause of General Miles' high position in
the army, has accepted these views and i
his statements, and many of them have !
called for my disgrace, court-martial and I
dismissal from the sen-ice. Although that :
these statements of General Miles were !
held back by him. not furnished to the i
Government for its appropriate action and '
I use. but sprung upon you and the coun- I
try at a time when the country, from the i
falsehoods that had been told in regard i
i to starvation and supplies for the army !
t was in a state of excitement and ready to I
\ believe almost anything. The subject I i
I have, just treated here is a filthy subject
and you cannot touch pitch without be
ing defiled: you cannot touch ba*e ma
licious. Übelous falsehoods, misrepresen
tations, without calling a spade a spade
and telling the whole truth and charac
terizing things as they are. The dam-ie» !
that has been done by these statements
is believed to be very great, but I Induie*
the hope and the belief that my state
ment, when published to the country
when read by the representatives of tor- !
eign governments here, will offset the
statements made by General Miles and
will, in some measure at least, do justice
to others that have been wronged ma
ligned and libeled. For myself. I content j
myself with expressing my profound belief
that either General Miles or I should be >
put out of the service; either he la rlsrh* '
or I am rieht: either he dishonors his
uniform with false statements and libels
or I dishonor mine in . feeding soldiers '
with poisonous beef, causing their sick- ■
ness and. doing so under 'pretense of ex- i
! periment." "
Pioneer Journalist Dead.
LOS ANGELES. Jar.. 12.-Eiias Lon?
ley. one of the early journalists of Cin
cinnati. Ohio, a prominent advocate nf
spelling 1 reform, and well knnwn in this
country and Europe a? a nhono^raphic
reporter, author and publisher, died to
day a' his home in South Pasadena. He
was "6 years old.
President of the French. Senate,
PARIS, Jan. 12.— The Senate to-day r»» I
fleeted Emila Loubet President-
STORMY DEBATE
AMONG DEPUTIES
Renewed Uproar Over
the Dreyfus Case.
CHARGES OF BEAUPEPAIRE
ATTEMPTED INTERPELLATION
UPON THEM DETEATED.
«
Statesmen Declare It Is Impossible
to Continue the Revision Pro
ceedings Under Present
Conditions.
Social Dlstatch to Th« Call.
PARIS, Jan. 12.— The Chamber of
Deputies, after an exceedingly stormy
debate on the interpellations relative to
the charges of M. de Beaurepaire.
adopted the order of the day, which
-.va s accepted by the Government, the
vote standing 423 to 124.
The chamber waa crowded. Paul dcs
Chanel, in taking the chair, said that
France loved both the army and justice.
He dwelt upun the danger of internal
dissensions, appealing to deputies to be
calm -- . . lerate.
Then, on the motion of IL. Dupuy, the
chamber proceeded to discuss immedi
ately tae interpellation of Lucien Mil
levoye, Republican-Nationalist, respect
ing M. de Beaurepaire's accusations
against the Court of Cassation.
ii. .Millevoye, amid a constantly
growing tumult, spoke upon the sen
sation caused by these accusations and
declared it impossible to continue the
revision proceedings under present
conditions. He read M. de Beaure
paire's statements and demanded the
adoption of disciplinary measures
against the guilty judges, asserting
that It was for the Chamber and the
Government to take steps to allay pub
lic excitement.
Joseph Lasces, plebiscitaire anti-
Semite deputy for Condon, in the de- j
partment of Gers, evoked considerable
applause by asserting that the country
had enough of the Dreyfus affair, but
the tumult was speedily renewed when |
he began a violent attack upon AL
Luew, president of the criminal branch
of the Court of Cassation; M. Manau.
the procurator general, and M. Bard. |
official reporter to the court, upon the I
original appeal of Mme. Dreyfus for re
vision. "Their actions," he said, "call
for the closest scrutiny."
M. Dupuy rose to protest against the
attacks erf M. Lasces upon the judi
ciary.
The President of the Chamber. M.
Deschanel called M. Lasces to order,
but the Deputy continued long enough.
amid a deafening uproar, to make a
definite charge against the criminal
branch of the court of displaying par
tiality and to declare that the Dreyfus
agitation was being supported by for
eign gold.
1L Lebret, Minister of Justice, reply
ing from the tribune, said that un
doubtedly a fresh incident had arisen
in connection with the affair, but. if as
a citizen and Deputy he cherished oDin
ions to which he was faithful, as Min
later of Justice, he had certain duties
to perform and in performing them he
would not falter. His first duty, he
went on to say. was to assure the rez- ,
ular course of law. As certain charges
had been brought against a Judee he
made them the subject of special, j
searching and sincere inquiries. M. '
Lebret then recounted the details of
the Bard-Picquart incident already
cabled. With reference to Bards
addressing Picquart as "colonel." the ,
Minister of Justice said that the een- j
erals themselves continue to call him
'colonel." and Captain Erque. Pic
quart's jailer, had been ordered to do
so.
This statement was followed by a
great uproar. M. Lasces moved a sus
pension of the session in order to ;.llow
the Minister for War, M. de Freycinet,
to be summoned.
M. Leon de Baudrey d'Asson. Con
servative Deputy for Sables d'OHnde,
moved that the whole Court of Cassa
tion should be court-martialed. The
closure was then declared and various
orders of th" day were proposed, the
Premier accepting the proposal of the
leftists advocating the order of the day
pure and simple. •
Finally the order of the day was
adopted. 423 to 124. and the Chamber
adjourned.
FINANCIAL SITUATION OF
CHILE GROWS WORSE
Proposition for a Second Big Issue of
Greenbacks Is Strongly
Opposed.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1?99. by James Gor
don Bcnn-tt.
VALPARAISO. Chile, Jan. 12.— The
monetary and financial situation of the
country is growing worse day by day.
Matters have been critical since the
last issue of $50,000,000 in greenbacks,
and since then Senator Balmaceda,
brother of the late dictator, presented
a project for a new issue of $62,000,000
more in notes, which public opinion
strongly opposes. The gold premium
wag quoted to-day at 50 per cent. The
outlook is bad.
HUNTINGTON BUYS THE
GUATEMALA NORTHERN
Line Will Run From Ocean to Ocean
as Soon as a Few Gaps
Are Closed.
NEW ORLEANS. Jan. 12.— Collis P.
! Hur.tington is reaching out in his rail
road investments in Central America.
When the steamship Breakwater
sailed last Saturday from Barrios.
Guatemala, news was current through
out Guatemala that Huntineton and
the Guatemalan Government were
about to close a d*al by the rail
road magnate would secure the Guate
mala Northern Railroad for 56.000.00Q
and the liquidation of the road's debt.
This road will run from ocean to ocean
as soon as a few gaps are closed.
DEPEW NAMED IN
CAUCUS FOR SENATOR
Chosen as the Candidate of the Be
publican Party in New-
York.
ALBANY, N. T.. Jana. Chauncey M.
Depew was unanimously chosen as the
candidate of the "Republican party for
United States Senator at a joint caucus
held in the Assembly chamber to-night.
There was a very nearly full attendance
of members of both houses. The election
will be held in both houses next Tuesday
and on Wednesday they " will meet In
joint session to declare the result.
» ♦ ■
English Millionaire Lipton tells
how he expects to beat the "Yan
kees," in Next Sunday's CalL
THE EMPORIUM. ■ | THE EMPORIUM.
0 Stores J? $ ,
fjExrf?AORDINARYffWME-GIVIN(£*
The past i'xo -seeks of unparalleled value-giving make a brilliant
beginning for ike &£ew Year, Prices have been greatly reduced on
many lines of —
Dress Goods, Muslin Under-sear, Suits and Cloaks,
Fine Silks, ' Knit Underxvear, Men's and Boys'
Cottons and Sheet- Hosiery, Clothing,
ings, Household Goods, Furnishings,
Furniture— Carpets, Crockery — Art Goods.
TO-DAY'S NEWS IS OF—
Hemstitched Bed Sheets — in a superior manner from good
Bleached Sheeting, ready for immediate use, for which the special sale
prices are —
72 inches wide- 90 Inches long 48c each
81 Inches wide 90 inches long 53c each
90 inches wide— 9o inches long 58c each
Linen Pillow Cases— Made of pure flax liners, nicely hemstitched, si««
45x36 inches, well finished. January Sale price- "j7 1 g-^ £k£Mf*&%
wool Tan Capes— -Full length and sweep, ***j g-g*
were $5. January Clearing price
All-wool Jackets — An assorted lot of last season's, warm, all-
wool jackets, many of them silk lined, all size 3 and colors, were
$10, $12.50 and $15. January Clearing price .. **»£* f%t%
zpOwUU
,
Men's Neckwear* — lots, including many tasty and desirable patterns
in Tecks, Four-in-Hands and Club Ties, former price 50c each. To *&^bg%
close out m*u9G
Men's Sox — About 100 dozen of the 15c kind — black, tan and na- <& tT&f%
tural colored. Reduced for the January Sales to m%M%S
Men's Colored Shirts French Percale and Madras, solid bodies, all
sizes, perfect in fit and make. Gut for January Sale* to S^Ss
Men's $1 White Shirts — Laundered, good linen bosoms, hone3t g+ *9 g%
in make and material, good fitters. Reduced for the January Sales to w m €#
BUTTER, 45c ROLL— Fancy Creamery. This
price for balance of week only*
BEST FLOUR, 82c for 50-lb. bag— The Emporium
brand, than which there Is none better made*
For balance of week only*
PIE emporium
Ooldenftiik Bazaar. H
CAUFOViUS LA RGSS7- AMERICAS GRAHDES7 STORE.
CZAR'S PLAN IS
MISREPRESENTED
Does Not Look Toward
Disarmament.
ONLY TO PREVENT INCREASE
juntstebs arbaxge details
of the project.
Will Submit a Memorandum for Ap
proval to the Diplomatic Corps
at St. Peters
burg.
= --•• at Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1539. by Jsmei Gor
don Bennett.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 12.— Much
irritation has been caused in the high
est political and diplomatic circles by
the way the prospects of the so-cailed
■"disarmament" project of the Emperor
have been damaged by misrepresenta
tion.
In the first place the Emperor has
proposed no disarmament, wn&t he
seeks is to stop the continually Increas
ing armaments.
The matter has been very clearly
placed before me by one who knows
the situation exactly and the views of
his Majesty. He says what the Em
peror wishes is to put a stop, if possi
ble, to the prodigal expenditure which
so often occurs when, for instance,
some new gun is discovered, one army
adopts it at a vast cost and all the
rest have to follow suit.
I am confidently told the Emoeror
holds no illusions concerning wh
proposed. At the present moment the
Ministers of State are drawing: ud a
memorandum upon the euoject to be
submitted to the Emperor. This will
probably be revised and certain delays
will take olace before they are ap
proved. Then they will be deliberated
upon by the members of the diplomatic
corps here. Should they arrive at a
practical resolution special commis- ,
sioners from the various nation.?
assemble here to agree upon some joint
action which might seem possible.
. It is necessary to state that while the
heads of the diplomatic corps all are
warm advocates of the Czar"s proposal,
there are indications of sketicism as to :
whether practical resolutions will be
possible.
It is stated that "W. T. Stead, by his
recent trip, has worked up a deal of
friction. First. Baron Fredericks, head
of the imperial household, complains
that Mr. Stead, after he was ree
by the Czar in his private capacity, not .
j=ionally as a journalist, went
home and wrote out the audiences as
an interview. Next comes Mr. Steads
fierce attack upon Count Muravieff. ■
m he treats as a mere fleurehead :
and gives all the credit to Count Lams
dorff. This has not made matters ;
pleasant at the Foreign Office ' here.
Count Muravieff has always set his
face steadfastly against receivine cor- .
respondents, and in this point he dif- ,
fers from Count Lobanoff Roetovskv.
who cleverly made much use of the
press.
YOUNG VANDEhBILT TO
TRAVEL IN EUROPE
Will Then Settle Down to Learn the
Intricacies of the Railroad
Business.
N'EV." YORK. Jan. 12.— A Boston
special to the Herald says: "William
K. Vanderbilt Jr. in his rooms to-day
had this to say of his plans:
1 When I finish college this June I
shall spend some time in traveling. I
consider that as advantageous as col
lege education. Later I shall return
and go into the railroad business, but
I shall no- take charge of it. I know
nothing about railroading and must
learn tbe whole thing before I can con
] trol any part. I shall work in all de
partments in order to have a thorough
■ understanding of it. Then I shall be in
a place to do whatever is needed for
me to do."
Mr. Vanderbilt declined to speak of
his engagement. It is evident that this
has nothing to do with his leaving
| Harvard, as he told his friends a year
I ago he would spend at most only t^o
years at college.
MAYOR EATON NOT
SEEKING NOTORIETY
L.OS ANGELES. Jan. 12.— Mayor
Fred Eaton to-day further defined his
attitude in his proposed crusade against
the saloons. The announcement that if
he finds the Police Commission has the
power to regulate the side door policy
now in vogue he will call upon it to en
force the city ordinances has created
much excitement among those who are
engaged in the liquor traffic.
"It is not fair to call me a Doctor
Farkhurst," said the Mayor this even
ing, "for I am not seeking notoriety;
neither is this an outburst of sensation
alism. I sha!! proceed strictly under
the law. The proprietors of objection
able place? must remove bad features
when notified. Should they refuse to
comply with r he ordinances it will b*
time to try other measures."
The statement of Park «'on-missioner
Garey before the Commissioners at
their session to-day that it was not
necessary to keep watchmen in the
parks after f j o'clock at n!eht Tas com
bated by Mayor Eaton. The Mayor re
sides in the Westiake Park section and
he says he has the beet of reason? for
thinking police surveillance Is desirable
during the early hours of the night.
ABDULLAH PASHA'S
FORCE ADVANCES
LONDON. Jan. 13.— Special dispatches
from Constantinople say that after the
battle of Shanet a further Turkish ad
vance -was ordered. Abdullah Pasha, com
manding the Turkish troops, was directed
to capture Sasbeh. the headquarters of
an important insurgent leader, 150 miles
northwest of Sana. All the commanding
positions In that vicinity are occupied by
rebels, and as the Turkish troops are de
serting the operations are likely- to ba
prolonged and difficult.
The trouble in Yemen is one of. the
oldest, and rebellion against Turkish rule
has spread throughout Hadschin and
other districts
ADVERTISEMENTS.
$OdO@QCe9GQ$£OG3OQ3dOO
I DR. MEYERS CO. I
! DISEASES AND WEAKNESS 1
S OF MEN ONLY. |
« ESTABLISHED 18 YEARS. 2
o o
I | j3j>it> $ i
0 A ■ &
• o o ©
•r NO PAY TILL CURED. §
• Consultation, Advice and •
J Private Book Free. q
1 731 MARKET STREET, £
• SAN FRANCISCO. •
900Q€9*09e969*Q9QGQe99
\A/. X. HESS,
HOT ART PC3LIO ASD irrOS55T-A» LAW,
Tenth Floor. Room 1013. Claus SpreckeU Bids.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. ST. Cal.Jcmia St.. below Pow*U-
Ean Francisco.
r ** i
56
3^* <jtfSgg&m&dl
FRIDAY :... JANUARY 13, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor:
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS .217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
AMUSEMENTi
Columbia — "The Man From Mexico."
California— "Pudil'nhead Wilson."
Aloatar— "The Magistrate."
Tivoll— "The Yellow Dwarf."
Morosco's— Hl Henry Minstrels.
Vaudeville.
Comedy— "Uncle Tom's Cabin."
The Chutes— Gorilla Man. Vaudeville and the Zoo.
... Olympia— Corner Mason and Ellis streets. Specialties.
Central Park— The Steeplechase.
Injrleslde Racetrack— Races To-day.
Sherman -Clay Hall— Gerorae Helmont, Violinist. Tuesday
evening. January 17. _^^^__^___
AUCTION SALES.
By William O. Layng— Saturday, January 14. at 11 o'clock,
Hotmc, Buggies, etc.. at 721 Howard street.
By A. W. I>™<lprt>ack -Monday. January 16, at 10:30 a. m.
and 2:30 p. in., Turkish Rugs, at 123 Geary street-
By Mndlson & Burk»- -Tuesday, January IT, at 12 o'clock.
Real Estate, at 626 Market st
A SURPRISING ADDITION.
WHEN the names of the men who voted for
Burns were published yesterday it was thought
the black list was complete. That another
should follow the example of Jilson was hardly con
ceivable, yet one more has yielded and must be placed
on the roll of dishonor. This one. and the fact is
stated with regret, is Speaker Howard E. Wright of
the Assembly. Of him better had been expected. He
has wounded and disappointed his friends, and in so
doing has accomplished nothing more. Seeking to
• aid and abet the enemy, he was able to carry only his
individual strength, and not to do the evil of placing
Burns appreciably nearer the goal. Here is the list
revised :
SENATORS.
Bettman, San Francisco.
Burnett, San Francisco.
Hoey, San Francisco.
Laird, Shasta.
Leavitt, Alameda.
Shortridge, Santa Clara.
Wolfe, San Francisco.
ASSEMBLYMEN.
Arnerich, Santa Clara.
Barry, San Francisco.
Beecher, Shasta.
Cobb, San Francisco.
Devoto, San Francisco.
Dibble, San Francisco.
Henry, San Francisco.
Jiison, Siskiyou.
Johnson, Sacramento.
Keiley, Alameda.
Kelsey, Santa Clara.
Kennealiy, San Francisco.
Lundquist, San Francisco.
McKeen, Alameda.
Miller, San Francisco.
Pierce, Yolo.
Rickard, San Francisco.
Eugene Sullivan, San Francisco.
WRIGHT, Alameda.
Since decent Republicans have thus been twice be
trayed, there is no telling but there are more Judas
like characters still to be revealed. Jilson was the
first. Wright the second. We quote from the cdi-
toria) of yesterday the finaf word "next."
THE PACIFIC EXPOSITION.
rROM the tenor of the proceedings of the con
ference between the Board of Supervisors and
the Pacific Exposition committee appointed by
Mayor Phelan, good auguries can be drawn of the
success of the proposed enterprise. The project was
discussed only in a general way, but enough was done
to show that the Supervisors are willing to co-operate
in any well devised plan for carrying out the under
taking, and that the committee can be relied upon to
suggest such plans.
The proposal submitted at the meeting was that the
Supervisors should ask the Legislature for power to
appropriate Si ,000.000 for the exposition, that $250,000
should be asked as a special State appropriation, and
that Congress should be asked for $500,000. These
sums are not excessive. The city and the State can well
afford the amounts asked for such a purpose as a
great exposition conducted on a scale of the first mag
nitude, and Congress has in the past made so many
liberal grants to expositions in other States it can
hardly refuse the amount it is proposed to ask for
California.
It is stated to be the intention of the committee ap
pointed by the Mayor to request the various commer
cial, industrial and financial organizations to elect rep
.:!■( se.ntatives to serve with the committee, and in that
v increase the membership from the original fifteen
appointed by the Mayor to 150. Mo better plan could
be dievised for augmenting the strength of the com-
Nnittee and widening its influence. With the enlarged
■ 'membership the committee would be fully represen
tative of the business interests and energies of our
people, and therefore well qualified to conduct with
success all the complex work the great enterprise will
. rcqttire.
••.The exposition is in many respects the most im
rtant undertaking that now occupies the attention
. of the progressive men of the city. When well under
.'.way and a comprehensive statement of plans can be
• published it will be found to be a movement of inter
. estto the whole United States, for it will not only ex
hibit the industrial achievements and resources of the
'■.-.. region known as the Greater West, but the possibili
ties of commerce with all countries bordering on the
- ' Pacific Ocean and the fruitful islands that dot its wide
expanse. %
.•' , When once fairly started the movement will go for
■"■ ward largely of its own momentum, and the enter
_. .prise will increase in magnitude and importance as it
.. nioves. The main thing is to make the start this win
i.'.ter so as to allow an ample period for preparation.
■The time is none too long for the accomplishment of
■ such an undertaking, and it is gratifying to note that
•"it is being pushed with vigor and finding favor
• throughout the Stnte.
It would appear from a casual glance at the mes-
sages of the various Governors that most of them
think they were elected not mere State executives,
•but to bear the burdens of the earth, while Pingree
. takes in the suni moon and stars as welL
WRIGHT YIELDS \r]lS HONOR.
SPEAKER HOWARD E. WRIGHT has
gone over to Burns. He has yielded his
honor and his manhood, has brazenly be
trayed the trust of his constituents and be
come part and parcel of the unclean gang
trailing, purchased and branded, at the heels of the
Mexican. There is not another man in the Assembly
who could have had less excuse for such a course as
that taken by Wright. He knew that the people who
sent him there did not want him to support Burns.
They had so declared. Representative voters, including
ministers, bankers, merchants, members of the pro
fessions, had made known that they would regard the
election of Burns as a calamity and disgrace. Yet
Wright listened to the tempter, ignored the counsel
of friends to whom he was under obligations and
stamped himself an ingrate and a political pervert.
Such avenues to reputation as were open to him he
has deliberately closed. Such admirers as he had he
has insulted grossly. Such hope as held out promise
to him he has dashed to earth. He has sacrificed
reputation, humiliated all who had confidence in him,
violated promises and acquired an obloquy which will
last until he shall drop from the public life for which
he has shown himself to be unworthy and unfit.
Wright has issued an "explanation" which but makes
his weakness and treachery more apparent. By
coupling himself with other of the Burns tools he
thinks to avert the storm of indignation, but his rea
soning is as bad as his act. He cannot hide under
the bedraggled ermine of the Supreme Court, even if
members of that body have left the duties for which
they are paid to slosh and swagger, inglorious and be
smirched, through the pool of politics made more
foul by the presence of Burns and his creatures.
When a member of the Supreme Court is elected, as
was McFarland, as a railroad man, and visits the
capital to urge the support of Burns, the fact is evi
dent anew that this corporation regards the Mexican
as its property even as, with the best of grounds, it
reckons McFarland with its other assets. Instead of
clearing his own skirts, Wright has directed attention
to the iniquity of those among whom, with a fatuity
akin to madness, he has cast his lot. Yet Wright is
not so dead to the impulses of remorse as not to un
derstand that he has taken a plunge into a deep of dis
grace out of which he can never ascend. The mire
of the pit is on him, and is indelible. His conscience
must torture him, for when he called the name
' D. M. Burns" he hung his head with all the abject
ness of a cornered thief, and blushed the scarlet hue
of shame. His voice trembled, his hand shook, and
well may they have done so. That instant he was
leaving his high estate, that instant he was taking his
place in a rabble of outcasts, whose methods are
criminal, whose object is gain, and whom respecta
bility loathes as a virulent form of evil.
To record the truth concerning Wright is a painful
duty, but as he shall reflect on the ruin he has wrought
he will have to acknowledge that he alone is to blame.
There can be no shifting of responsibility nor evading
of penalty.
A BOARD OF THIEVES.
AN esteemed evening contemporary, speaking of
the late Board of Education and its achieve
ments, refers to it as a "board of thieves." It
declares that no other combination of English words
will adequately describe that choice aggregation of
political rascals. It cites some of the acts of the mem
bers to prove that they rose higher in the scale of
infamy than any other set of men who, in the his
tory of San Francisco, ever attempted to govern the
schools.
It may seem a little harsh to indorse this designa
tion, yet it cannot be denied that, while these School
Directors did not actually steal and thus lay them
selves liable to the statutes against petty and grand
larceny, they nevertheless were thieves, compared
with whom Jack Shepard and Dick Turpin were gen
tlemen.
The late Board of Education did not pick the
pockets of the rich, nor fleece corporations, nor stand
up taxpayers, nor rob the mercantile community.
What they did was to steal money designed to pro
vide the children of the city with the means of ob
taining an education. In other words, they stole
from the young and helpless — a class who were not
able to resent their infamous conduct or set on foot :
measures for their punishment. On the whole, we
think history will justly describe the late Board of
Education as a "board of thieves."
We imagine that the future searcher of public
records, who, perhaps, a century hence, may sit down
to compose a municipal history of San Francisco,
will marvel greatly at one thing. When he comes to ;
study the record left behind by this "board of thieves" ,
he will wonder why no measures were taken for
their punishment. If he delves deep enough into
the subject he may indite some scathing sentences
upon pusillanimous grand juries, indifferent and neg
lectful District Attorneys, busy and complacent
courts and a lethargic and longsuffering people.
But in any event the late Board of Education will
go thundering down the ages as the most infamous j
aggregation of political rascals who ever disgraced a
civilized community. No apology will ever be made
for them. It will be impossible to apologize for men
who robbed the children of a great city and who re
tired from office with the curses of mothers upon
their heads and the maledictions of an entire press
covering them with obloquy.
We had imagined that the "tough old board" of
1881 would never have a counterpart in our history.
The "board of thieves," however, has by contrast
given them a heavenly projection.
AN INCIDENT IN SCOTLAND.
A REPORT comes to us from London to the
effect that Mr. Dunbar, Assistant Under Secre
tary for Scotland, has recently had trouble with
a gas company over the amount of his gas bill, and
has not only surmounted the trouble by defeating the
company, but has disclosed certain reprehensible
practices on the part of gas meters in Scotland which
are of interest to gas consumers in all parts of the
world.
According to the story as it comes to us, Mr. Dun
bar's gas meter showed that within six months he had
consumed 80.200 feet of gas. He protested and of
fered to compromise, but the company stood firm by
the meter, and when he persisted in his refusal to pay
i on that basis the company shut off his gas and sued
him for the amount. When the case came up for
hearing the official meter inspector of Edinburgh was
appointed as an expert to examine the Dunbar meter
and report on it.
The inspector solved the mystery. It is reported
that he found the meter had what he called a "re
verse action." Instead of registering 10,000 feet it
would register 90,000, and «o on, until it became a
jumble, of which one could make neither head nor
tail. In Mr. Dunbar's case he figured that there had
been an overcharge of 71.400 feet. This left Mr. Dun
bar liable for 13,800 feet, although he had offered to
pay for 21,000 feet when the bill was first presented
t'- him.
When the report of the inspector was filed in court
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 13, 1899.
the gas company not only abandoned the suit and re
placed Mr. Dunbar's gas meter with a better one, but
they paid his legal expenses, and doubtless showed
other evidences of a sincere desire to have the trouble
forgotten. Unfortunately for the company, however,
the matter is not of a kind to be forgotten. The dis
covery that a gas meter may have a "reverse action"
which enables it to pass from 10,000 feet to 90,000
feet at one jump makes the case one of international
interest. It will be read here with as much attention
as in Scotland itself.
It is not likely that any meter in San Francisco is so
nimble as to register 80,200 feet of gas when only
ij,,800 feet had been consumed — it is only a canny
Scot's meter can do that — but all the same there
are reasons for believing some of the meters in the
city have a capacity for the reverse action in a
restrained way.
Companies whose officials persist in extorting $5
deposits from their patrons are not likely to have
"been neglectful of the advantages of such meters. It
is even possible that one of the reasons why they
boldly violate the law and illegally demand the deposit
i- because they have such meters, and wish to secure
their pay in advance in case a kick comes on account
of the results of the reverse action.
ACCESSORIES BEFORE THE FACT.
IT is impossible to commend on any conceivable
ground the attitude ot the Democratic press and
a smail portion of the Democratic party in the Sen
atorial contest now pending at Sacramento. Under
the tutelage of the principal organ of the party in this
city a sentiment of glee has been fostered over the
candidacy of Dan Burns. In short, the Democracy is
rejoicing at the beautiful predicament in which the
Republican party is placed, and it is fair to assume
, from the expressions of its organs that if the race
track gambler and political boss is finally foisted
| upon it there will be general jubilation among the
Democratic leaders.
This sentiment is founded entirely upon political
i feeling. It has no higher inspiration than the, thought
that if the Republicans elect Dan Burns Senator it
will result in a sweeping Democratic victory in this
city next year and in the State in iooo. The latter
campaign will involve not only the Presidency, but a
Senatorship, and the Democracy hopes that if Burns
is chosen they will carry the State for the Democratic
candidate for President and elect a Senator to suc
ceed Senator Perkins.
While this may be denominated politics, it cannot
jbt commended on grounds of morality or decency. A
; Democratic newspaper conniving at the election of
\ Dan Burns is engaged in quite as disreputable busi
ness as a Republican paper similarly employed. Over
i and beyond the political character of United States
| Senators there exists the welfare of the State and its
'. people. When California sinks so low as to send for
j its representative in the upper house of Congress a
j political boss, a racetrack gambler and a corruption-
I ist, the commonwealth will have reached a state of
I development which cannot fail to result in its un-
doing.
For a political party to hope for such a condition
is little less than criminal. And for Democratic news
papers or Democratic legislators to connive and abet
the realization of such an event betrays a condition
01 degeneracy that is simply appalling.
What the Democracy and its organs should do is
to aid the respectable Republican newspapers in de
feating the gigantic conspiracy which contemplates
the election of Dan Burns to the United States Sen
ate. This conspiracy has been organized by the rail
road, and is being carried out by the worst elements
in the Republican party. Unless it can be defeated
the State is going to be irretrievably damaged. The
evil effects of its consummation will be felt by Demo
crats and Republicans alike, and the disgrace cannot
fail to inflict injury upon the interests of all the
people.
Unless the Democratic party and its organs desire
to earn everlasting infamy, they will abandon their
secret attempts to aid the candidacy of Burns and go
in with decent Republicans to encompass his defeat.
THOSE CONFEDERATE PENSIONS.
THE CALL recently suggested that Senator But
ler's proposition to admit ex-Confederate vet
erans to the Federal pension roll would not ap
peal to those veterans. Our position was promptly
confirmed by the ex-Confederates themselves.
The Confederate Veteran Camp of New York has
since passed the following resolution, offered by Com
rade Beasley, himself from North Carolina, Senator
Butler's State:
Resolved. That the Confederate Veteran Camp of
New York condemns in unmeasured terms the ef
forts of Senator Butler of North Carolina (who is
not a Confederate veteran) to debauch the manhood
of the South by seeking to obtain pensions for ex-
Confederate soldiers from the United States, and that
any similar effort by any Southern member of Con
gress will be abhorrent to this camp and meet with
unqualified condemnation.
The Senator seems to have had no conception of
the affront he offered to the manhood of the men
; who threw their lives in the balance for what they
thought to be right, and, losing their cause, lost it
I like men and not like cringing beggars. It is to be
i forever remembered, to the credit of the Southern
people, that they have supported without complaint
! the taxation necessary to pension the Union soldiers
I whom they disabled in civil strife, while at the same
time caring adequately for their own maimed or
weakened in the vain struggle they maintained so
long and so bravely.
The hostile reception they have everywhere given
i to Senator Butler's proposition is proof that they can
sustain the access of good feeling as our fellow coun-
trymen without any sordid inducement, and this very
attitude adds to the happiness and confidence which
have attended the mutual expressions of good will
from both sides of Mason and Dixon's line.
That line itself is likely to hereafter be remembered
more as the work of those two eminent English as
tronomers and Fellows of the Royal Society of Brit
ish Scientists than as the former line dividing slave
and free States and union and disunion.
The discussion of this subject of pensions has
brought to general knowledge the fact that Confed
erate veterans will not even care for admission to the
National Soldiers' Homes, for the reason that the
Southern States have built and equipped such homes
for their own who need them, and the old soldiers
are more likely to be contented in the midst of their
own people than far removed to the national institu
tions.
Time will soon efface all that tells of our civil
struggle except the memory of it, and it is a tribute to
American manliness that that memory on each side
will be so softened toward the other, and that the valor
of all who fought will be cherished as the common
heritage of their children to the remotest time.
Readers will also remember that The Call was in
strumental in the detection and capture of the late
Frank Belew.
Perhaps James Gallagher really broke his own head
and then filled his corpse with lead. But those who
[ witnessed the phenomenon ought to give the details.
WINE MEN ARE
VERY PROPERLY
EXASPERATED
Resent the Slight to
Their Industry.
CRITICIZE THE COMMITTEE
THE "LEMONADE FEAST" NOT
TO THEIR LIKING.
Declare That the Legislators' Action
Was an Unjustifiable Blow to
One of the State's Great
est Intei ests.
The announcement that the committee
of the Legislature having in charge the
banquet of the Governor's inaugural ball
had decided not to serve wine at that
function, and the publication of the menu
card showing that lemonade was the star
beverage, has most properly exasperated
the wine men of California.
It appears to them almost inconceivable
that such a thing could happen in this
famous home of the vine. They have
been discussing the matter during the
past two days in no complimentary man
ner, so far as the men responsible for
the act are concerned. They call atten
tion to the fact that the State of Cali
fornia, through its Legislature, has for
many years by generous appropriations
greatly fostered the viticultural industry,
and that by reason of such assistance
that Industry has grown to be one of the
greatest in the State — that carries an
investment of more than $60,000,600, em
ploying thousands of people and paying
about a fifth of the realty and personal
property taxes of the commonwealth.
They further speculate upon the obvious
fact that in due course of time the mak
ing of wine in ths Golden State will be a
paramount interest.
After such reflections these men natur
ally ask what influence was powerful
enough to induce a committee of the Leg
islature to give to the wine industry such
an uncalled-for and damaging slap in the
face; and, moreover, to parade to the
world the fact that the lawmaking power
of the State deliberately discredited one
of its pet industries. The allegation is
most earnestly made that California's
dry, .wholesome wines properly belonged
upon the banquet table, and that people
at thai table were not required to par
take of them. And, finally, they make
what is probably a deserved comment to
the eftect that the lemonade was doubt
less "made from limes imported from
Mexico or lemons from Sicily." The an
nexed interviews from men distinctively
representing the two great branches of
the Industry will suffice to show the pre
vailing sentiment:
"1 consider this action of the legisla
tive committee a direct reflection upon
the people of California that an industry
paying nearly a nfth of all the taxes of
Lhe State should receive at the hanas of
their representatives such an insult," said
Charles. E. Bovven of the Wetmore-Bowen
Company. "Wheat, wine and wood have
tor years been the mainstay of taxation
in tniß State. Agriculture in its varied
form is the new life and wealth ol the
State. Why denounce and advertise to
the world by State sanction, through
State oillclals, one of its life-giving indus
tries? It it were in.my power i would
deduct from, the salary of each responsi
ble legislator -" per cent 'of his pay, or an
amount equal to that contributed by the
wine industry toward his salary. The
average California legislator who would
be "tempted' by the sight of a bottle of
California wine served at a gubernatorial
banquet need not 'reach' for it if his idea
of temperance intrudes, It i.-> to be hoped
that btate legislation against California
raisins, the seeds of which have been
known to produce appendicitis, will not
tollow."
"This action of the legislative committee
Is an unwarranted "blow to one of tne
most important industries of this State
and a gratuitous insult from the Legis
lature," said Andrea Sbarboro, secretary
of the Italian-Swiss Agricultural Colony,
and president of the .Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association. •""California nas
such an immense territory sparsely set
tled, and what it wants most is a popu
lation of thriving agriculturists, who,
while producing a certain line of agri
cultural products, will also consume otner
products of the State and make th; com
monwealth more prosperous. There are
many industries of the State which can
compete with other States of the Union,
but there is only one industry which has
absolutely no competition. The great ar
chitect of the universe seems to have
given to only one of the States of the
Union, tmd that" California, a soil and
climate required to produce as fine wines
as those of Italy and France. With tins
blessing California has also within
easy reach a mighty population to suppiy
with uus most healthful, nourishing and
not intoxicating beverage.
"While the little republic of Chile, with
a territory and population about as large
as tuoi: of the State of California, now
produces and con;, lmes 75,000,000 gallons
of wine per annum, the State of Califor
nia barely brings forth a third of that
quantity. With 70,000,000 of Inhabitants in
the United States, with Its wine trade al
ready extended to the Central and South
American republics, to England, Belgium,
Switzerland and Germany, where the wine
connoisseurs of Europe prefer the pure
grape Juice of California to the same class
of wines produced in Italy and France,
the State can hardly dispose of the small
Quantity of wine which it now produces,
and, strange to say, some of the greatest
drawbacks to this important industry are
caused by some of the misguided people
of California. In fact, if the Legislature
acted for the true interests of the State
if would devote its energies to and ap
propriate millions of dollars for the de
velopment of this great industry and the
encouragement of the American peopie to
the general use of light wines at their
table, whereby the curse of drunkenness
would be driven from the State and from
the United States.
"It is a well known fact that in the
wine-drinking countries of the world in
toxication is practically unknown, yet our
own Legislature a few days ago passed
a resolution declaring that the members
of the Legislature and the high officials
and society people, who might attend the
banquet to be given after the inaugur.il :
ball, were not sufficiently civilized to be
able to sit at a feast where wine was
served and control themselves in such a
manner as becomes decent people. The
great lawmakers therefore prohibited the
use of wine at the banquet.
"Now. when we consider that the State
of California is as large as the kingdom
of Italy, where one billion gallons of wine
is produced annually, which quantity
could also be produced in this State, thus
giving employment to ten millions of p^o
ple and enhancing the value of grazing
and so as to pay interest on a valuation
of $100 per acre, it should certainly be the
business and the duty of our law-makers
to encourage instead of discredit this
great and promising branch of our agri
culture.
"The wine men will remember their en
emies." :
ACCORDED MASONIC HONORS.
Charles M. Chase's Remains Interred
in Laurel Hill Cemetery.
The funeral of the late Charles M.
Chase took place at 2 o'clock yesterday
from the Masonic Temple. The remains
were interred in Laurel Hill Cemetery.
Mr. Chase, being a member of Doric
Lodge and also the California Command
ers', was accorded the full ceremonies of
the order by his brother Masons The
services took place in King Solomon's
Hall and was conducted by Worshipful
Master Simon Myrson of Doric Lodge
The casket was hidden from sight be
neath a wealth of beautiful floral trib
utes that were sent by the friends of the
deceased in token of their esteem and
love.
Doric Lodge was represented by Moritz
Kalmuk, Judge Walter H. Levy and Past
Master Henry Williamson. The Califor
nia Commandery was represented by C.
M. Daughtery, Martin Jones and I A.
Hornblower. These, with the fol owing
friends of the family, were the pallbear
ers: D. J. Tobin, Charles G. LaUrop,
Edwin F. Smith and H. W. Bowley.
ANOTHER STORM COMING.
Weather Officials Say the Prospects
Are Excellent for More Rain.
Professor Hammon of the Weather Bu
reau said late last evening that the con
ditions were becoming more and more
favorable for another storm. The pres
sure has begun to fall all along the
coast, the weather is foggy and the wind
easterly, and all of these are good fore
runners of a storm.
"I do not know lust how much of this
storm we will get," said Professor Ham
mon, "or just when it will strike us, but
from local signs it should rain again Fri
day night. The barometer rose some on
Wednesday, but it has been on the down
grade ever since. The weather conditions
have been behaving beautifully and we
must admit that the backbone of the
drought has been effectually broken. The
great rise in the Sacramento River is a
sure sign that the last rain fully per
formed its duty and the ground got pretty
thoroughly filled with water. The pecu
liarity of all the clearings since January
1 lies in the fact that they have not heen
followed by north wind and cold weather,
and under those conditions m is easier for
rain to return again. Besides the moist
ure In the ground has not been drunk up
almost immediately by the cold winds.
■J • v'dence presented to us is for still
mori ■
"Ni tide of this State escaped the
t:crciu ie last precipitation, and all
the rain necessary to assure bright crop
prrspects fell everywhere except, per
haps, in the Upper San Jriaquin Valley.
The seasonal rainfall for this city is now
6.&5 inches, about twice as much as laat
season." _______^___
DECLINE TO ACCEPT
THE NEW CITY HALL
SUPERVISORS DECIARE IT IS
NOT COMPLETE.
Building Committee of the Board In
vites Bids for the New Police
Station on Seventeenth
Street.
The Building Committee of the Board of
Supervisors met yesterday afternoon and
declined to accept the new City Hall from
the Commissioners who had charge of Its
construction. They took this decided
stand on the ground that the building was
already sadly in need of repairs and that
it was not fair to make it a charge upon
the resources of the Supervisors.
The commission having it in charge is
composed of the Mayor, Auditor and City
and County Attorney. Tho Mayor is the
only member of the old board, which re
ported the building as being completed,
who is now in office. Architect Shea wai
present and said no money had ever been
spent on the building in the nature of re
j:tirs and as a consec^ence the iron work
was rusting away. Its life could be pro
longed with proper care, but this it had
never received.
Clerk Russell told of the bad condition
in which the ceilings on the top floor were
lcfl by the man who built the new roof.
The plaster is falling steadily, and in
many places requires immediate attention.
The "eommitteemen claimed that the retir
ing Commissioners should have in
corporated in their report a statement as
to the exact condition of all portions of
the building. The report was referred
back.
It was dptermined to advertise for bids
for the new police station in keeping with
the revised plans submitted by Architect
Shea. Tn these rod brick take the place
of pressed brick, and other minor changes
are made in order that the building may
come within the appropriation of $50,000
allowed by the last Board of Supervis
ors. At a recent meeting of the I-inance
Committee of the present hoard Chairman
Perruult suggested that this appropriation
might be stricken out in order to cut down
the expenditures of the board. This sug
gestion has not taken definite shape yet.
DESTROYING EVIDENCE.
Coroner Hill Will Stop the Prema
ture Embalming of Bodies.
Certain undertakers in this city are in
the habit of embalming bodies before tho
death certificate has been signed and in
several instances during the past two
years the evidence in cases of suspected
malpractice and poisoning has been cov
ered up and destroyed.
Two death certificatea were presented
yesterday to Coroner Hill for his signa
ture—one of Minnie Sutter of 80 Jackson
street, 2fl years o!d. Dr. Edward Selzer
was the attending physician and he cer
tified that the cause of death was alco
holi.-in and apoplexy. The body, how
ever, had been embalmed by Undertaker
Metzler. The other case was that of El
len F. Nelson, a married woman, 35 years
old, whose residence was 1722 Twelfth ave
nue. Dr. Alfred McLaughlin was the at
tending; physician and he certified that
peritonitis was the cause of death. This
body had been embalmed by the Pacific"
Undertaking Company. t
Dr. Hill said he was determined to put
a stop to the tampering with human
bodies after death and before the death
certificate had been signed and approved,
and to that end he issued the following
circular yesterday:
Attention is particularly called to the fact
that the law is being violated when bodies are
being injected before certificates of death are
accepted by the health authorities.
V"ii will please see that the certificate is
satisfactory to the Coroner or the health au
thorities before injecting or in any way inter
fering with the body. Notice is hereby given
that violators of this rule will be summarily
dealt with. I trust that this office will have
the hearty co-operation of the undertaking pro
fession in this matter.
HELP FROM THE SOUTH.
Los Angeles Merchants Working for
San Francisco's New Charter.
The Merchants' Association of this city
has a strong friend in the Merchants' and
Manufacturers' Association of Los Ange
les. The former made a hard fight to se
cure the adoption of the new charter by
the voters of San Francisco, and frequent
ly words of encouragement were received
from the affiliating organization in the
southern part of the State. The charter
is now before the Legislature, and the
Los Angeles merchants manifest their
good will hy taking action to have the
charter made a law, as shown by the fol
lowing communication received yesterday:
Whereas, the people of the city of San Fran
clflco have adopted a new charter for that city,
which is now pending before the Legislature
of the State for ratification; ami
Whereas, we deem the principle of home rule
in municipal affairs as laid down by the con
stitution and complied with in the preparation
of this charter a moans for obtaining good and
progressive municipal government; therefore
be it
Resolved, That our representatives In the
Legislature be and they are hereby requested to
use all honorable means to secure the ratifica
tion of said charter.
MERCHANTS' AND MANUFACTURERS' AS
SOCIATION OF LOS ANGELES.
BABNEY KEARNEY'S DEATH.
Verdict That It Was Caused by Par
ties Unknown.
Coroner Hill held an inquest yesterday
morning on the body of Barney Kearney,
who died at the City and County Hospi
tal on January 8 from the effect of a frac
tured skull. The testimony was that on
New Year's day deceased was struck on
the head with a bottlp in a saloon on the
corner of Folsom and Spear streets owned
by C. O'Donnell, a nephew of the dead
man.
The injured man was taken to the Har
bor Hospital and a lacerated wound in
his scalp was sewed up, the surgeons not
having- discovered that the skull had been
fractured. Kearney went to work the
next day, but had to knock off, and was
sent to the County Hospital, where he
died.
It was reported at the time that the
blow hud been inflicted by O'Donnell, but
the widow of Kearney testified yesterday
that her husband did not give the name
of his assailant. A verdict was rendered
implicating a party or parties unknown.
Child Study Club.
The Child Study Club will meet at 8
o'clock this afternoon in the parlors of
the Occidental. Mrs. Hester Harland will
preside.
WHO WILL GO
TO GUAM?
Among the members of the Pacific Coast
Naval Colony there Is much speculation
regarding the appointment of Captain
Henry Glass to the Governorship of
Guam. The word has been passed along
that it is taking a "snap Judgment 1 on
Glass, who is tossing on the Pacific en
route from Manila to San Francisco and
is totally ignorant of the soft thing the
Vavy Department is piling up for him.
Cong ago the gallant captain slated him
stlf for the new Training Station at Goat
Island, and he is enthusiastic upon the
suhject of teaching Uncle Sam's young
sailors ideas how to shoot like Dewey.
And the department knows he Is just
about the right man for the new blue
jacket schoolhouse at Yerba Buena.
Now Captain Glass will be about as well
please* over his job at Guam as he would
be if the Government would make him
superintendent of a home for superannu
ated seals on one of the Pribyloff Islands,
and when he lands at San Francisco,
which will be in a few days, the wires
will grow warm between this port and
Washington. He will want to know who
the thunder around the Bureau of Navi
gation has a grudge against him ana I
he finds out the barometer in that per
son's latitude and longitude will take a
a Guam is a arty dab of land on the map
of Oceaniea, blistering in the dry half of
the year and sodden wet during the last
six months. Added to its utter unat
tractlveness ai.d unfaithfulness Is the
fact that it is the leper P c f tt v u * e r f",
nila. A few Bpaaiards, a tribe or two or
squalid natives and an intermediate ; class
or mixed breeds in the village mhaWt
this place of exile which the j N avy ue
partment has picked out for the most en
ergetic, the brightest and the .^scmiest
driving°Vt.'' saW a^lieutenant yesterday
and couldn't load /Glass ln %* Chief or
and shoot him into Guam. The Chlel or
the Bureau of Navigation ought to know
that Henry will kick like the re «oll ■ pf ag
send him to Guam, but he won : go. Xou
send him to Guam, but he won t go. You
see, he ha* been triced up on board the
rotten old Independence at Mare Island
off and on for years. In fact, like old
Paddy White's ghost that haunts the
gun deck of the Guardo at midnight.
KempfE owns a plank in the ancient hulk.
He is one of the few officers on the station
that have been kept here right along.
When the fighting began most of the
available officers on this coast were
shipped East for service. The navy-yard
was pretty well cleaned out, and the re
maining officers there howled over th«
little extra duty falling to their lot ana
also because they were missing a chance
to jump up in the line of promotion.
Hughes was snatched out of the Hydro
graphic office, and MacMillan, his clerk,
who is an Annapolis graduate, was given
a commission and sent to Manila. Stoney
at the enlisting rendezvous was chased off
to Cuba, and eventually fetched up as a
teacher of navigation in the academy. By
the way, why don't Crowninshield send,
Stoney to Guam? There is an officer that
would" take to the place and be an honor
to the job. Stoney's heart and soul 13
burled in the Pacific or along its shores,
and, beinp: tired of hammering 'sights*
into the heads of the cadets, he would
pack his traps for Guam at an hour's no
tice.
CONDITIONS ARE
TO BLAME
Editor Call— Dear Sir: The periodical
cry of corruption (again noticeable) is
to a great extent useless. It is as
natural under the present political con
ditions as respiration is to the human
system, and will continue while these?
conditions exist. S. MOORE.
San Francisco, Jrm. 12. 1899.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
M. H. Foley of 3t. Paul is at the Lick.
J. D. Carr of Salinas is at the Occiden
tal.
B. H. Merchant, U. S. A., is at the Pal
ace.
F. H. Coe and wife of Seattle are at the
Grand.
C. G. Height of Pekin. 111., is at the
Palace.
Mrs. F. T. Pugh of New York Is at th»
California.
A. T. Lightner of Bakersfield is a guest
at the Lick.
Rohert Nixon of the Yreka Journal Is
at the Grand.
Carroll Hutchlns of Boston la registered
at the Palace.
Ex-Mayor Robert Effey of Santa Cru»
is at the Grand.
T. J. Field, a banker of Monterey, 1b a
guest at the Palace.
I. Bear of Dwights, Colo., a miner, is
a guest at the Grand.
Easton Mills of San Luis Obispo Is stay-
Ing at the Occidental.
Judge George A. Nouse and wife of
Fresno are .at the Lick.
W. S. Clayton of San Jose arrived at
the California yesterday.
W. E. Brown and wife of Los Angelea
are guests at the Grand.
Attorney John T. Griffith of Los Ange
les is a guest at the Occidental.
William and D. E. Llewellyn, merchants
of Los Angeles, are at the Palace.
Charles Beekreap. Tnited States steam
er Nero, is a guest at the Occidental.
Attorney William G. Gosslin. an official
of the Astoria and Columbia River Rail
road, is at the Occidental.
Sir Charles and Lady Payne of Henwick
Hall, near Wellingborough, Eng., arrived
at the Occidental yesterday.
Major Guy L. Edie, U. S. A., is at tha
Occidental. Major Edie will shortly lead
to the altar Miss Kip, a prominent so
ciety belle of this city.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Jan. 12.— H. H. Scott and
wife of San Francisco are at the Gerard;
L. F. Scott of San Francisco is at the
Holland.
The Cresta Estate.
A warrant was sworn out in Judge Mo
gan's court yesterday for the arrest of
Manuelo Cresta on a charge of perjury.
The charge arises out of tne contest in
the estate of Tomaso Cresta, which is be
ing heard in Judge Troutfs court. Man
uelo claimed that he was copartner with
his father and tried to shut out his broth
ers and sisters from participation in the
estate. He was committed for contempt
of court by unwarrantably interfering
with the estate, and he made an affidavit
in relation to the contempt proceedings
on which the charge of perjury is based.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsends.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Teacher—ln the sentence, "The sick boy
loves his medicine, what part of speech is
love?"
Johnny—lt's a lie, mum.—Roxbury Ga
zette.
■ ♦ »
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty .ears by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, rer
ulates th» Bowels and la the best remedy tot
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists In avery
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mr*.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
HOTEL DEL. CORONADO— Take advantaga
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $50 by
steamship. Including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay 12 50 per day. Apply at
4 New Montgomery street, San Francisco.FLYNN SAVED
FROM TRIAL
FOR MURDER
Preliminary Hearing
H; Concluded.
WAS OFFERED
:>;-KftQSBCUTIOH ADMITTED THERE
WAS NO EVIDENCE.
Several More Witnesses Were Exam
;.:ined, but They Knew Little
or Nothing About Any
•';:'. •"-.'"' Shooting.
•I- The case of John Flynn, saloon-keeper,
with he murder of James Gal
■la#her; in the .Olympia saloon, 113 O'Far
.f,ey"sireet, Npw Tear's morning, was dis
.•rnisSfed by. Judge Graham yesterday af
' t'eiTjoCrn on the ground that there was do
•evidence . to connect the defendant with
..-.t'h'e crime.
Oo.r.pnraj Russell, who made a drawing
'. of the "scene of the shooting, was exam
ine*! and Dr. Gallagher, who made the
autopsy on the body of Galiagher, fol
lowtd. He testified that he found a lac
ettitPd wound on the alp, a large bruise
on. the right hip, a contusion on the right
V-ir and the bullet wound that caused
death. The bullet extracted from the
body was produced.
■ ■ H. L, Muller, a gunsmith at 1018 Clay
street, testified that a revolver shown
him was a Remington double-barreled der
ringer* 41-caliber. Both barrels had re
• cently been discharged. He was shown
■ tlje .bullet and declared that it was of 41
--cai'ifrer. He was severely cross-examined
■ arid finally lid that he would not swear
S positively that the bullet was not of 3S-
' 'caliber.
' 1?«n W. Krelling, bartender in the sa
loqn^li Ellis street, was shown th re
volver and testified that "Captain" Saun
ders was flourishing it in the saloon on
', New' Year's morning. Then he fell asleep
in a chair and John McStay took the re
. volver from him and gave it to "Billy"
■■•-. McDonald. ■
•. McDonald testified to getting the revol
ver .and keeping it until he handed it to :
.. "Detective Dillon. He was in the ilympia
J "sa-hoon New Year's evening and left be- .
'.fore midnight with Ra.cgett and did not
. return. He contradicted Corbell by say- 1
"tpg that he did not see Flynn flourishing I
";a revolver about 1 o'clock New Year's
:mornirig. Early in the evening Gallagher
- .-took; him outside and offered him a revol
• .ver' to shoot Flynn, using an offensive ex- I
■ pression.
. "Captain" Saunders did not see any i
trouble in the Olympia saloon. He got ;
■the revolver In evidence from Flynn at (
••'.the corner of Grant avenue and O'Farrell j
■ • s-treet New Year's morning. While put- i
••'•/ting 'it in his pocket it exploded. John j
,'.■ .McStay testified to taking the revolver
fcom Saur.ders.
• . 'Jerry. Sullivan's evidence practically j
.amounted to the fact that he knew noth- I
• -ing. saw nothing and hear.l nothing. He
I wa"s\u"pstairs New Year's morning, when ]
• .he hearu a shot in the saloon. He came '
■down and saw a little smoke and was i
■" told iht it was nothing wrong. The girl j
Richardson asked him to get a hack, and '
■ hi ordered one. He saw Gallagher and j
■.."the gir'i walk out to the hack. He denied |
■ tha,f- he assisted Gallagher out of the i
■ "sajoon to the hark. Thore were no angry j
•words in the saloon between Flynn and j
.. .Ga^lagJier nor anybody else. He did not.)
"j'.s'ee Flynn flourishing a revolver and did ,
': "riot *cc any one with a revolver.
".. Detective Diilon testified that Flynn on I
•jbelng'! questioned as to the shooting de
"" clthed! to make a statement.
• . ..This closed the case for the prosecu- |
:• t{on. and Attorney Wilson moved for a j
' dismissal of the case. He argued that no ;
•'evidence whatever had been brought for- j
j ward to show thai Flynn had fired a shot i
Gallagher, and the presumption was]
'" Ju'at the deceased had committed suicide. i
■The -"bullet found in Gallagher's body was >.
. unquestionably a 38-caliber; notwithstand- i
■ i-ng "the evidence of the- gunsmith, and it j
'could r.ot have been Bred from a 41-callber |
'••■re'volier.
" • P.f executing Attorney Wentworth reluct- ,
" an.tly admitted that there was no evidence j
.■ .Vith«r direct or indirect against the de
-5 ",f£-n,dant, and the Judge said he had no
o.tner recourse but to dismiss the case and
. '.oi".<3er the discharge of the defendant from
■■ ;?u»t6dy.
TOURING TOR PLEASURE
Sir Charles and Lady Payne Arrive
■ in the City on Their Way
to Japan.
- Charles Payne, H<
Hail, near Wellingborough, Bedfordshire,
arrived at the Occidental yes
.• morning. Sir Charles and wife
: :ng in this country merely for
■ ■ ■ They are bound homew; r
r< turn by way of Japan, Failing from
:he next steamer. Sir Charles is
intry gentleman. He succeeded to
father's title and estates. In speak
• recent war he said that there
doubt but that the. friendly spirit
md America was rapidly
When a young man Sir Charles
• the navy, and he praises the
if Admiral Dewey in the highest
rm's.
GRAPPLED WITH A BURGLAR.
•'.: John Daly Pluckily Holds an In
■:■:'.".•■, trader in His Room Until a
,/■:.[ Policeman Appears.
.}£: ' John Daly, a roomer at 207 Powell
"■;.■ -street, was awakened early yesteday
.:-jnt)i l Wnjs by a man In his room. He
■'!:-3;:mped out of bed and grappled with the
.■■ ■liitruder and yelled for help. Policeman
■•".'. ;. was passing at the time and ,
: . viooiv had the handcuffs on the burglar.
;. If'e. had taken a watch and $190 out of
■ 'M3aly,'a pockets. He was taken to the City
•.:■. Prison, where he gave the name of John .
':■ .Jttartln.
.;• Mulcahey recognized him as Andy John
••'. son. 'whom he arrested about a year ago
' - .-.- r>n Point Lobos road. He had a murder
." o'is looking weapon in his pocket at the
-••.• '•"•tinw and was charged with carrying a
!; .rcon-cealed weapon and was sentenced to .
'. :'sii- 'months in the County Jail.
, The Century Exposition.
•/.•The promoters of the proposed r-xposl i
:.tkin to be held in this city in 1901 are not
ig any time in pelting their working!
uittees into shape for business, in
bave been sent out to all
;d bodies of this ;
■ ejty to appoint di legates, and many ha\-e
ly such an invitation
red by the Chamber of Com
i he trustees at once appointed
' ;. Towne and George A.
-.. ; Ne* es of the rham
to take part i:> the promotion of the :
iterprise.
;.; English Millionaire Lipton tells'
. how he expects to beat the "Yan
.v&ees," in Next Sunday's Call.
New Pharmacists.
. The State Board of Pharmacy held
meetings at Sacramento on Tuesday,
"Wednesday and Thursday for the exam
ination, of candidates for diplomas. The
.follo.wing were passed: Robert McLeod
Julius Ilatzseld, Ramsen Stevens, H. s
Breen. William E. Anderson. George Wol
ford. K. J. Thorn, H. E. Miller. The fol
lowing were passed as licentiates: W. S
. Brownie*-. J. T. Gibson. E. H. Hefner
Charles Allen, H. H. Treund.
Died From Blood Poisoning.
Gtistave OttOSOn, a uailur, 22 years old,
it i!i" Marine Hospital yesterday
morning from blood poisoning brought j
. about by a piece of wood which punctured '
.••bis thigh. Ottoson was working on one j
of the steamers of the California Trans
portation Company at Alvlso the first
part of the month, and while jumping
from the wharf to the vessel, fell. A
large splinter of wood became imbedded
in his thigh. He was treated at Alviso
first and was then removed to the Marine
Hospital.
WATER POLO PLAYERS.
Medals in the Olympic Club Tourna
ment Won by the Bullfrogs.
The fourth game of the water polo tour
nament at the Olympic Club should have
taken place on Wednesday evening be
tween the Bullfrogs and Water Dogs.
The Bullfrogs were on hand, stripped and
Beady tor the fray, soon after 9 o'clock,
but no Water Dogs appearing they began
to amuse themselves with practice in the
tank. Later some of the Water Dogs
turned up, but the Bullfrogs, asserting
that '. ht'v wire no longer fresh, claimed
that the medals were theirs through the
default of their opponents. After some
isslon the medals were awarded to
Bullfrogs by Iv.-ander Hammersmith.
9ho intends to donate another set of
medals and to award them as prizes in a
special match between the Bullfrogs and
Pollywogs, the Water Dogs having
dropped out of the contest. The Bull
frogs maintain that when they played the
Pollywogs on January 4. the second half,
In which the Pollywogs threw the two
goals that tied their opponents' score,
was at least twenty minutes long, when
it should have been only a quarter of an
hour. The winning Bullfrog team is made
up as follows: A. W. Taylor and A. E.
■ r, forwards: W. S. Taylor, center
forward and captain; J. W. Coffroth and
J. Hobson, hacks; G. J. Croal. center
back, and C. T. Kreling. goalkeeper.
The deciding baseball game for the
Cycle League championship and for the
Hammersmith <fc Field trophy, between
I lympic Club and the Bay City
Wheelmen, will be played on Sunday.
January 15, at 2 p. m., at the Velodrome
grounds.
re will be a half-mile "rni.dicap race
at The Olympic Club grounds on Sunday.
January 22, at 2 p. m. Entries will close
on the grounds. First and second prizes
are offtred. On the following Sunday,
January 29, there will be a i ross country'
run. In March a bowling tournament will
be held. There is an open challenge from
the billiard room athletes to play any
team in the Olympic Club at indoor base
ball. The challengers are Pockwltz,
James, Hewson, Greenlee, McQibbon,Har
rison, Curley. Bowman, Cunningham, Mc-
Carty and Shea.
Gilligan Gets Three Months.
J. E. Gilligan, the young man from Col
orado, who attempted to swindle a num
ber of miners, was sent to the County
Jail for three months by Judge Conlan
yesterday. lieutenant Esola saved him
from being lynched by the angry miners.
CATTLE ENDANGERED
BY THE BIG STORM
PASTTJBE LANDS ALONG SAN
PABLO BAY FLOODED.
A Breaking Levee Puts Tubbs Island
Completely Under
Water.
The storm on Wednesday afternoon
caused an unusually high tide in the bay
and did considerable damage along the
shores of Marin County. Pasture land
was flooded in many places and the Bat
tle were rescued with great difficulty.
: Tubbs Island, near the mouth of Petalu
: ma Slough, was completely flooded, but
! fortunately the cattle were saved.
When the tide was at its height the
levee which protects the pasture land
gave way and water poured over the
island. The sheep were driven across the
bridge to the mainland and the larger
■ found shelter on the island.
Tfirnm Tubbs of the Tubba Cordage
Company, who owns the island, has not
yet been able to make an estimate of Ids
"The island consists of about 1500
lie said, "of which a large portion
ild out in grain. The remainder is
pasture land. I do not know how much
damage has been don- 1 by ih.> storm. The
Wednesday afternoon and the
whole inland is still i:nd»>r wati-r. From
what I can learn the livestock la ail saved.
The fields which are under water are
and it is not likely that
they will be badly damaged, as the water
will drain off with the outgoing tide. I
understand that the low-lying pasture
land.s of Mario County have all been
Hooded and some cattle have perished."
MEASLES AT VANCOUVER.
Mustering Out of the Eighth B-egi
meut May Be Delayed by the
Prevailing Epidemic.
There may be some delay in the m
ing out of the companies of the Eighth
Regiment row stationed at Vancouver
Barracks. It is not that the men ar> not
ready to leave the service, or that Cap
tain Taylor, who is to pay and dismiss
them from the employ of L'ncle Sam. is
not ready to do his work, but the measles
and mumps have called a short and sharp
halt.
An officer just down from Vancouver
; that there are nearly a hundred
of measles and mumps among the
men of the companies now there, and that
the two diseases are rapidly becoming an
::iir\ Kor this reason the men are all
the more anxious to get away, but many
of them are in the hospital and it is un
safe for them to leave at present.
It was just at this time last year that
the Fourteenth Infantry, which was tnen
at Vancouver, suffered from an epidemic
of mepsles. There have been no deaths
reported from the epidemic as yet, but
the men will have to be careful, aa expo
sure frequently results fatally.
Arranging for Mail Delivery.
Agent Thomas Houpt of the
department is at the California
Hotel. He has just returned from River-
Fide and Pomona, where he says he finds
the mall delivery satisfactory. His busi
ness for the Government is to travel over
the country making arrangements for the
delivery of rural mails. He *vill endeavor
to perfect the system of delivery around
I ' ! Saratoga. Mr. Houpt goes
from here to Santa Rosa, where he will
give his attention to .he delivery at that
place.
A. P. Rv,ss Dead.
TI. P,. Rusa of this city yesterday re
ceived a cablegram from Dresden. 'Ger
many, announcing the death of his broth
er, Augustus P. Russ. who died on
Wednesday. The deceased was well
known in this city. He was here about
three years ago, bin recently has been
living in Germany because his wife pre
ferred to reside there. Mr. Russ was
about 60 yrarx of hkp. He is survived by
several children and h's wif<\ His re
mains will be Interred in Germany. He
was interested in the- Ru?s estate."
Fruit and Flower Mission.
At the eighteenth annual meeting of the
San Francis< o Fruit and Flower Mission
the following officers were elected: BdUss
Miriam K. Wallis, president; Mrs. George
H. Buckingham, first vice president- Miss
i.ia n. Planer, second vice president; Miss
Elsie .S. Eiecbt. coresponding secretary;
Mlsa Cortnne <"o?,k. recording secretary;
Miss Hannah Leszynsky, treasurer; Miss
Anne Bryce, Mrs. Leon D. Stone, Miss
Anna Hall, Miss Kftlu Johnson and Miss
Joly Low. directors.
Barbers' Anniversary Ball.
The twemy-tirpt anniversary ball of the
Barbers' Protective Association was riven
last evening at the San Francisco Turner
Hull. 523 Turk street. The hall was gor
geously decorated and several hundred
couples were on the floor when the grand
march was called. The party, which was
strictly an invitation affair, was a de
cided success, and an enjoyable time was
had by every one present. William Baron
Moor manager and J. Klltsch as
sistant.
The Grain Cases Continued.
In the T.'nited States Circuit Court yes
terday Attorney General Tirey L. Ford
was substituted in the place of ex-Attor
ney General Fitzgerald in the case of the
Southern Pacific Company vs. the Rail
road Commissioners, and the ease was
continued for the term.
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Bush and Larkin sts. Swimming. Russian, hot
8-ud cold tub battle. Saltwater direct from ocean.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 13, 1899.
HE MET DEATH
WITH HIS HAND
ON THE THROTTLE
Engineer Wood of the
"Owl" Killed.
SHEEP DITCHED THE TRAIN
IT WAS BOUNDING A CXTRVE AT
FIFTY MILES AN HOUR.
Q. F. Richardson, Master of Trans
portation, Says That It Was
an Unavoidable Acci
dent.
The officials of the Southern Pacific had
very little to say yesterday concerning
the wreck of the "Owl" near Ingomar on
Wednesday night. Master of Transporta
tion Richardson, in speaking of the acci
dent, said:
"It was one of those unfortunate acci
dents that could not be foreseen. When
the train rounded the curve it was run
ning at a high rate of speed and the sheep
were huddled on the track. There were
several hundred of them; they were lying
down and had no chance to get off. The
Engineer Wood of the Wrecked
"Owl," Who Was Killed-
engine ran on top of them and was
thrown from the track. You know sheep
are the most dreaded of all animals by
railroad men. They will derail a train
quicker than any other kind of an animal.
The 'Owl' will go through all right to
day, as the wreck has been cleared."
At the time of the accident it was very
dark and the rain was falling-, while the
wind was blowing a gale. Engineer Wood
had not a moment's warning. Such was
the force of the collision that the head
light of the engine was smashed, while
the smokestack was twisted. The engine
turned a somersault and fell- into a con
struction car that was on the sidetrack,
completely -wrecking it. That there was
no loss of life on the part of the passen
gers is due to the fact that there was no
one in the day -coach. One of *the sleepers
left the track, as did the baggage and day
coach. The engine was almost demol
ished. Engineer Wood was rescued as
soon as he could be got from under the
debris, but he was so badly* scalded by
the escaping steam that his case was
hopeless. Death mercifully ended his suf
ferings. His remains were brought to
Oakland yesterday morning.
Conductor Henry Brydges pent a man
back to Los Banos, a distance of nine
miles. Finally news of the wreck was
got to Oakland, and within a half hour
from the time that the notice was re
ceived a wrecking train, with sleepers for
the comfort of the passengers, was well
on its way to the wreck. No. 17 was held
for some time to prevent a collision. After
a few hours' work the track was cleared
and the passengers were taken to Tracy
and sent to Los Angeles by Lathrop.
TWO SYMPHONIES
PLAYED BY SCHEEL
Owing to some delay in the arrival of
the scores Russia was not represented In
yesterday's symphony programme. There
was no Borodin, no Rimsky-Korsakoff.
Instead we had Beethoven's first sym
phony and the unfinished one by Schu
bert — excellent performances both. The
Beethoven symphony Scheel read in the
only effective way— the Mozartlan way—
without any false rubato and without any
strained emphasis. His rendition was ex
tremely simple, full of sweetness and
rhythm. The Schubert symphony is n -Vi
ferent sort of work; it calls for virtuo
sity; and it got it in splendid measure.
Scheel has played this work on several
occasions, and It is necessary only to say
that yesterday's performance was a cor
rnboration of previous applause. The
Wagner "Faust" overture, a couple of
Brahms' Hungarian dances and the
scherzo from Bizet's "Roma" suite com
posed the balance of the programme. The
audience was large and apparently
pleased with everything except the tem
perature of the Orpheum, which was sev
eral degrees below comfort.
A New Law Firm.
W. C. Van Fleet, ex-Justice of the Su
preme Court, has formed a partnership
with E. B. and George H. Mastick, for
merly the law firm of Mastick & Mastick,
with offices in the Mills building. The
new law firm has taken the name of Mas
tick, Van Fleet & Mastick. Soon after it
was known that Justice Van Fleet was to
retire from the Supreme bench it was un
derstood among the Judges, most personal
friends that he would cast his lot with
the firm of Mastick & Mastick.
It was with much regret that his col
leagues on the bench parted with Judge
Van Fleet and they did all in their pow
er to retain his valuable services by of
fering him a position as one of the Court
Commissioners. Although it was an offer
that many a lawyer would have Jumped
at Judge Van Fleet declined with thanks
and immediately made arrangements to
perfect the details of the partnership with
ilu Uastlcks. The offices in the Mills
building will be retained.
Testify in Favor of Ashe.
The Dennery-Ashe contest dragged
along wearily yesterday and may not be
concluded for several days yet. The tes
timony put in by Porter Ashe is all to
the same effect, the intimidation of vot
ern and the favoritism shown the workers
for Dennery by the police. The case will
go on again this morning.
Washington Council, Y. M. I.
■Washington Council No. 4, Y. M. 1., will
give an entertainment and ball in Union
pquare Hall this evening. The committee
on entertainment has prepared a first
class programme of select numbers and
dances.
The only Socialist Mayor in all
America tells how a city should be
governed, in next Sunday's Call.
Wanted for Bigamy.
Delia McDevftt, living at 20 Folsom
street, swore to a complaint in Judge
Mogan's court yesterday charging John
Smith, a bartender, with bigamy. She
was married to Smith at Reno, iNev., Jiui
vary 5 on Smith's assurance that he was
divorced from his former wife in the
East. Now she has learned that he was
not divorced and that he intends to leave
the city with his first wife. Nellie Her
betson, who arrived here two or three
days ago. Policeman Lake Is on the trail
of Smith.
ATTORNEYS ARE SAUCY.
Finance Committee of Supervisors
May Cancel the Contract for
Collecting Taxes.
The Finance Committee of the Board of
Supervisors will meet this morning, and
among other matters will consider the
contract entered into with the law firms
of Rodgers, Paterson & Slack and Devlin
& Devlin. This relates to the collection
of money claimed to be due the city from
the State, arising from services and out
lays connected with the assessment,
equalization and collection of taxes. In a
long communication to the board yester
day the lawyers affirm that they have
been maligned by persons unfamiliar with
their claims, and object to their contracts
being rescinded. In conclusion they say:
Having a contract that provides for contin
gent compensation. If you prevent us from
carrying out our part of the contract, the
fault is yours and not ours; and you would
be responsible to us for what, under the cm
tract, we might he entitled to. But if you
desire to abandon the course which you have
pursued, in attempting to secure for the coun
ty money that belongs to It and desire to sur
render such money to the Stat". you have but
to express that desire to us and you will be
accorded the same right that a lawyer extends
to any client, to pay up as far as you have
gone and quit. If you had made or desire to
make still such a request, you would have
encountered no difficulty. In the meantime
we must firmly protest against any action
taken to rescind the contract in which we have
an interest without our rons=°nt.
UPROAR IN THE PRISON.
Henry Schoen Becomes Violently In
sane and Tries to Dash Out
His Brains.
August Schoen, who was arrested a few
days ago for passing fictitious checks, be
came violently insane last night in his I
cell at the City Prison.
He first began to talk in a rambling I
r rL° m u V? 1 " 1 accus 'ns himself of
flwtr* °£i al L k J nds: then he commenced
fln«fv t < hl ♦ beddl £ 8: about the cell, and
the wan ed &. dash his drains out against
H? «. a I K The other Prisoners, fearing
tw, «£ ft 'i 1 hls delirlu m. might injure
th™. ifi ck d wlth terror - Drunks in
«™ ne hborln S fells yelled lustily out of
sympathy, and within a few minutes the '
whole prison was in an uproar. Schoen
was finally calmed down and a guard has
been set to watch him. so that he may
not do himself serious injury
EDDIE BALD, CHAMPION
BICYCLIST, IS HERE
ON A PLEASURE TRIP, WITH
JOCKEY TOD SLOAN.
He Expects to Ride at the Indoor
Meet Next Month, and
Later Go to Europe.
Eddie C. Bald, the champion short dis- !
tance cyclist of the world, arrived yester- !
day morning, accompanied by Tod Sloan
and C. F. Dwyer. and is stopping at the '
lalace. The party left New York a month !
ago and have been making the trip hv |
easy stages, spending the last week duck !
hunting in Southern California.
This is Bald's third visit to this city he '
having been here in the fall of 1896 and
again in ISftfi. He raced then at San Joso !
and several other places, but not in this
city as there was no track here.
For the past four years Raid has held I
the short distance championship of Amer
ica against all the cracks of his class. At
the half, mile and two miles he is practi
cally invincible. Although he has suffer
ed defeat some few times, yet when the
records were compiled at the close of the
in he was always on top with a bi<
margin. s
Bald is without question the most pop- j
ular racing man of the day with clubmen
spectators and his opponents as well. His i
gentlemanly manners, fair riding and '
pleasing address win him hosts of
friends. This was further attested yes
terday when as .soon as his arrival was
noised around cydedom. his letter-box at
the hotel began to till with the cards of !
his visitors until nearly every notable in j
the sport here had paid his respects.
To a Call reporter Bald said: "Although
J am on a pleasure trip purely as a rest !
after a hard season's work I may ride
here at the proposed indoor tournament
next month. Powers, Brady and Kenne
dy, the managers, are all good friends of ;
mine and square sports, and if they con- i
duct a meet you can depend upon it that !
it will be a good one. If I decide to re- !
main in California to get into condition !
for next season I will probably be here i
until April. I have had several good of
fers to ride in Europe next season and :
will probably accept. Give all the boys '
of the Bay City and Olympic clubs my \
best regards and tell them they wii'l
doubtless see 'Eddie' in harness at the j
Pavilion races next month."
Bald looks heavier than when he was
hers before, and probably tips the scale
at 170 pounds in racing costume. With
the arrival of Jimmy Michael, the cham
pion middle distance rider of thf world, !
later this month San Francisco will con
tare the two greatest men in the world !
in the sport of cycling.
An Incorrigible Girl.
Mabel Gaffer, a girl 15 yf-ars of age,
was sent to the Magdalen Asylum yester
day by Judge Conlan. She is an Incorrigi
ble girl and wants to be bad. When her
parents died she was adopted by Mrs. M.
; Montenegro, 309 Fulton street, but for ths
i past six months she has been behaving
iin a most shocking manner. A few nights
: ago she cut off her long hair and toid
■ Mrs. Montenegro that she intended to
' sell It co that she and her lover could
j leave the city. She declined to say who
: was her youngr lover. She declared that
; she wanted to lead a bad life and nothing
i could stop her. She was taken to Secre
: tary Kane's office by Mrs. Montenegro,
: and when left alone for a few minutes
I broke everything she could lay her
; hands on.
His Whiskers Saved Him.
Because his wife took $8 out of his pock
ets yesterday afternoon Charles Freel, a
janitor, living at 708 Fulton street, took
a knife and tried to rut Ms throat. His
whiskers saved him from making deep
wounds, and when he was taken to the
Receiving Hospital the doctors only found
two small scratches. He had been drink
ing.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BBDBBBfIIQBBBBBQBBIBBeBBBQQBBBBBBIi
B ' -m^ _im_i ' ■_- _ _ _ e-i
j"siCK'OT'DRUGST:
a . ' a!
9 • □
. jSjfe, The first thing a man does
rfW»Sfff^rtcn«l when he , begins to feel the ■
■ SSfbt. ■ft yOCIOI WyvoiU breaking down of his vital El
I f>—^ gW - Qr^ri^llC^ 8 power is to consult a doctor and ■
■ W : m'^' VJ/wVlUtiai {X • take his medicine. He believes g
Bl <Pfo*4ffi ' < t^'Tlr""ii''"?'T>^ji ' that to be the proper course. »,
. j^^^^TLl ,-• i _i__ -_ \i^ Wi But when he has "tried them J j
" C 'j^^Ai^^^^rri |-j fM <j O a 1 1*" he concludes that he has " j
B /d^^M^^^^N^w fl been on the wron & track. They Bj
B Mi^^^^^^^l*'^! ' have ruined his stomach, and H
* iSliS^— . mmn Irv Hpftrifitv a
BJ J B
_ These men are now testifying to the fact that my Dr. Sanden Electric ■
■ Belt cured them. It gives life to the weakened system and aids nature
■ v to restore the normal strength. M
H s Read my book, "Three Classes of Men." It is sent sealed, free. Call ■
™ and see it, or write. . •.•■";': ZL
■ dr. m. a. Mclaughlin *- — * ■
■ 702 Market Street, Corner Betray. 8m FrtseUot. NOT IN DRUG STORES. H
■ . Office hours, 8 a. m. to 8 p. m. ; Sundays', 10 ' ■
to 1. , Branches at Los Angeles, Cal., 232 .West Dr. Sanden' s Electric Belt
■ Second street; Portland, Or., 253 Washington Is never 6Old In drug stores ■
_ street; Denver, Colo., 931 Sixteenth street; nor by traveling agents; only _
■ Dallas, Tex., 283 Main street; Butte, Mont., lat our office. V ■
nt 110 North Main street. ■ j . * ■ —^ _
■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■I
- . ■ . ■ - ■ ■ . ■ ; ! • - ■ . ", - - ■■ - • -.
CALIFORNIAN
BOYS' HEALTH
IMPROVING
Senator Brings News
From the First.
SICKNESS GREATLY REDUCED
THE ASTOR BATTERY HOME TO
BE MUSTERED OUT.
Captain A- P. O'Brien Returns in
Charge of Sick Soldiers and
Captain "Warren With
Dispatches.
The United States transport Senator re
turned from Manila last night with 130
soldiers on board. Among these are eight
convalescents, two of whom are from the
First California. None of them are seri
ously ill.
The Astor Battery came home on tho
transport, and it is expected that it will
be immediately ordered to New York,
where it will be mustered out. The bat-
tery includes eighty-three men under
command of Captain March. But one man
was left behind besides the five who were
killed in the battle on the 13th of last
August. Sergeant Harry L. Burdick.who
is in the hospital suffering from typhoid
fever, was too sick to be brought back.
Captain A. P. O'Brien, surgeon of the
First California, came under orders in
chargp of the sick on board the Senator.
Captain E. C. Malaby of the same regi
ment was detailed as his assistant. Dr.
O'Brien reports that the health of tho
boys of his regiment has greatly im
proved in the last two months. The sick
ness in the First California and the en
tire Eighth Army Corps has been mate
rially reduced; at the time of the depart
ure of the Senator it was a little under S
per cent. While Captain O Brien is stil
in the service and is here under orders it
is believed that he will receive his dis
charge in a short time, when he will re
sume his position on the Board of Health
relieving l>r. Gallwey, who has been at
tending to the duties of the office during
Dr. O'Brien's absence.
Corporal Fred Healy of Company H,
the special correspondent of The Call who
=ent this paper so many interesting sto
ries of the every day soldier life of his
comrades cf the First California Regiment
received his discharge some time ago on
account of disability. He has fully re
covered from his illness, and after mak
ing a visit to Hongkong and the interior
of Japan, will return home on the Rio de
Janeiro, which was to sail on the t 19th of
last month and is due here on the 24th
ln Among the other officers on the Senator
are Captain, F. W. Warren of the First
California, lieutenant E. J. Bryan of the
Oregon and Major R. B. C Bement of the
Minnesota regiment, detailed on General
Merritt'a staff. Captain Warren has been
intrusted with dispatches to the War
Department at Washington and will leave
for the Capitol City within a few days.
Lieutenant Bryan is en route to Port
land and Major Bement to St. Paul, at
which places they Are to await orders.
The two sick California boys are Cor
poral Ammerson of Company B and Pri
vate Cook of Company F. Ammerson is
convalescing from a wound received in
the arm during the battle of August 13
and Cook's complaint is bowel trouble.
The other invalids are: Colonel C. \\.
Whipple of the ordnance department of
xhe regular army; Sergeant Shou of the
Fourth United States Cavalry; Privates
Newgard and Terry of the Minnesota
regiment; Windsor of the Colorado and
Slater of Idaho.
The Senator made the passage from Ma- ;
nila in twenty-eight days and from Isa- |
ga«aki in twenty. She encountered some i
rather severe days during the voyage and |
had to lay to seven hours, but sustained :
no damage. The Ohio started from Ma- j
nila with the Senator and the two yes- j
sels made the run to Nagasaki together, i
At that port the Ohio stopped to coal and
was not to leave until two days after the
Senator.
TO WELCOME SHATTER.
The Committee in Charge Arranges
a Public Reception in the Palace.
! The committee having in charge the
! public reception to Major General W. R.
i Shafter met yesterday In Mayor Phelan's
! office, new City Hall. It was determined
' to hold a public reception in the Palare
I Hotel the day after the general arrived ;
' here This was Intended to avoid post
i ponement because of his delayed arrival.
Mayor Phelan has notified General Shaf
i ter of the proposed demonstration in his
honor and asked to be informed as to the
probable date of his arrival.
The committee Is mainly composed of
members of patriotic organizations with
which General Shafter has been ldenti
fled. The Loyal Legion, the Grand Army
| of the Republic and the Sons of theAmer-
I lean Revolution were represented, and a
i general committee, consisting of the fol
j lowing citizens, was appointed by Mayor ,
I Phelan: Colonel J. C. Currier. William M.
Bunker, General R. H. Warfield. Colonel
B. A. Denlcke. Hon. Horace Davis, Colo
nel W. R. Smedberg, U. S. A., Colonel C.
Mason Klnne, Henry S. Hubbard and T.
C. Masteller.
Hunting for Sunken Spanish
Treasure Ships, a new American in
dustry, in next Sunday's Call.
Struck by a Car.
Adolph Lewis, who lives at 2545 Howard
street, had a narrow escape from death
last night. He was driving along Mission
street, near Thirteenth, when his wagon
was struck by an electric car and he was
thrown violently to the ground. He was
taken to the Receiving Hospital, where it
was found that his nose was broken and
he had sustained a severe laceration of
the scalp and several bruises. The
wagon was completely wrecked.
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Pol-chasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants. Manuiacinrers. Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, insurance and Seal Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Comspouainsr Witt Aay tt tht USUmta^ tixwu Pl»4t« Mention "Tlu Otiir
ART WARE AND ANTIQUB FURNITURE
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
flrtlstlc Furniture and flrl Ware Importers.
117 BUTTER STREET. /
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
WM. SCBOENlNC.g^^ff* BUPpUed -
BELT I
LP HFfiF^ Manufacturer of Beltlnu «nd
• r. VEUCiI, Laca Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS.
! EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
Work.
Office and Works— MISSION ST.
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell.
Periodicals. Books and Stationery.
CARRIAGE MAKERS.
A'DDICXI Sf CflWC— Makers and Dealers In
U DKlCil tt Landaus, Hacks, Victorias.
Carts and Buggies. Golden Gat* aye. and Polk
■t.. San Francisco.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
900 BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1864.
COPPERSMITHS.
SANDERS & CO., practical coppersmiths,
m/r's of sheet copper and tubing. improved con-
tinuous stills, etc. 415 Mission »t.. near First;
all work guaranteed. ,- .. -. v 'x » :
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE.
REDINGTON & CO. UTfl'gttKi
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lAS RfiYFS *fA Shipping Butchers. 101
JA3- BUILO (X \Af., Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS
Iftll A I ft Hunters' Equipments, Fishing
: l«8lnl\ Tackle. Athletic Goods, etc. Send
. UUIIU for catalogue. CEO. W. SHREVE,
wwi»w 739 Market street.
i
Leading
Opticians,
14-16 Kearny Street.
Use f^% Use
• Woodbury's $'**'% Woodbury's
I Facial Soap. Facial Cream.
Instant relief for aching, tired feet, excessive
i perspiration, offensive odor and irritations:
j makes the skin sweet and healthy. Send 10
; cents for Beauty Book, and receive sample of
' each free. JOHN H. WOODBURY, 26 W. 23d
St., New York, and 163 State St., Chicago.
013 O OOOOOOOOOOOQQ
w PALACE '-"I
%GRAND hotels a
q •AH rtIAHCIBCO. 5
*? Connected by a covered passageway. **
P MOO Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. O
: 0 All Under One Management. Q :
0 KOTIi THS PSIOSS: Q !
m. European Plan. Si. OO per day and up-w*jrd „,
v American Plan. s3. oo per day and upward J
i n Correspondence Solicited. £> :
£ KWH 0. riSSPATRIOK, Mtaigtr. Z
; %O OOOOOOOOQOOOOO Off
nk-sr^s. vita I is
I ®^JS%J?I (*%k THE NEW
j t^-tST 10th Day. 'Sm JbL, *f rßfcllWlilQ
VITALSS * thßty - «*• • Dciflcnv
PKODI fKS THE ABOYK 30th Day. It>EilH I 1 1
i HKSULTB. Itqnickly & sorely r«moT« Nervonsness, Impetanoy
■ Rightly Eraiision.l, Evil Dreams W«tin» Diuua and all e2»cts
i of self-abuif or exerts and indiscretion. Restores Lot Vitality,
' Power and Failing Memory. Wards off In«»riitv «nd Conmimp-
tion. Cure* when all others fail. Insist on having VITALIS,
j no othnr. C»n bo carried in the vest pocket. By mail 91.00
! per package or six for W.OO with ■ guarantee to Cure or
Refund the Money. Circular Free. Address
j IX M K'l' CURE CO., 834 Dearborn St., Chleug» |
Sold by Owl Drug: Co., S. F. and Oakland.
•OTSTTCUI7C FOR BARBERS, BAK- j
DjlU JIILO =" bootblacks, bath- I
«iiv«"- -~ houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, fiourmills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roo'ers: tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
.... - ■ , ..i
AMUSEMENTS.
I
! BARTON HILL. AND CHARLES WILLARD.
Supported by Ella Sothern and Lucila Nunn.
;In Milton Nobles' Farce. "IiKLINDA BAI-
LEY'S BOARDERS."
KRAUSE AND ROSA, and Their "Dutch
Pickaninnies."
! VOULETTE AND CARLOS. Balancing Acro-
bats.
GEORGE EVAN'S, Monologue Artist.
PAPINTA! PAPINTA!
1 ANNA TERESA BERGER. DELTORILLI
! BROS. AND THE RAPPO SISTERS.
Reserved seats, 23c; balcony, 10c; opera
chairs and box seats, 60c.
Seats now on sale for Children's Hospital
Bern-fit, Wednesday, January IS.
IQROSCO'S GRAND
V altkr Mokosco, Sole Lessee and Manager
LAST WEEK OF THE SEASON.
LAST WEEK! ? LAST WEEK!
OF
HI HENRY'S
— ma —
MINSTRET
XIX AGGREGATION. J-i
xxiJ vxrUEj vJf A 1 lv/ii • •*"■'
60— ALL-WHITE PERFORMERS— SO
CROWDED HOUSE NIGHTLY.
ENTIRE CHANGE OF PROGRAMME.
EVERYTHING NEW.
j SUNDAY EVENING NEXT— LAST OF THE
• . SEASON.
! POPULAR PRICES... ; 10c. 25c, 50c
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng, Proprietor and MgT.
. LAST TIMES OF
OUR HOLIDAY SPECTACLE.
YELLOW dwarf,
MATINEE TO-MORROW AT 2.
;; -- BRING THE CHILDREN.
NEXT WEEK NEXT WEEK
The Eastern operatic success 'j-v v
T>|E WEDDING DAY. .
Reappearance of the Favorite Contralto,
MISS BERNICE HOLMES.
Popular Prices 23c and 50e
N. . B.— Reserved Seat for the Matinee 25c
Our Telephone, Bush 9»
' Secure Tour Beats in Advance).
HARDWARE.
DALACE Hardware Co. .lmporters S Dealers
■*• in Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
IRON FOUNDERS. '
Western Foundry. Morton Si Hedley. Props..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Eyerv Da.
scnptlon Made to Order. Tel. Black 1503.
MANUFACTURERS.
GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MFG. CO.
Manufacture Blankets, Casgimeres. Tw»ed» an*
Flannels, E35 Market st., San Francisco, C*l.
Goods for sale at all leading i ry-good-; store*.
PAPER DEALERS.
WII I AMFTTF PULP AND PAPER CO..
fIILLMmCI I C 722 Montgomery Streak
PRINTING.
EC HUGHES, E u PRINTER.
• V/- iIUUIILO, Eu Sansome street.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Te^ a a phIc PARTRIDGE %g&
TBE KICKS -JUDD CO-, 3£l£;&£%Z
TYPEWRITERS.
All Typewriters Rented.
jS=3pc«!a| Few partly used for sale cheap.
«JK3l' » AGENTS SMITH PREMIER.
L. & M. ALEXANDER.
53 110 Montgomery »tre«t.
WALLPAPER. !_:
WHOLESALE & retail; send for samples, etat-
ing quality & color. DUFFY CO., 928 Howard.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Forwarding Agents and Public Weigher*. Gen-
eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouse*. Gen-
eral office, 210 California st. Tel. Main 1914.
WATCHES. ETC.
TI rVHY Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
- LUm/li.ull 18-k. Wedding Rings. 4 3d »U
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. at Ita
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES,
Is the Best Coal in the Market.
Office and Yards — J5O Main Street.
WOOD AND IVORY TURNING.
• C. F. HAAS, mfr wood articles, any descrip-
tion. Planing, turning. 417 Mission. tel. M. 6917.
AMUSEMENTS.
t
COLUMBIA I^
LAST S NIGHTS-MATINEE SATURDAY.
The Quaint Comedian,
WILLIE COLLIER
In the Uproariously Funny Comedy,
THE MAN FROM MEXICO.
EXTRA— Beg. Next Monday
FRANK DANIELS
And His Entire Comic Opera Company,
In the Great Success,
THE IDOL'S EYE."
Exactly as Produced in New York.
SEATS NOW READY.
CaWfrmXa m« s » t t? hree
uUirc/nUu «*™« V
- ' '■ SATURDAY.
EDWIN MAYO
In Frank Mayo's Dramatization of Mark
Twain's
PUDD'NHEAD WILSON.
Beg. NEXT MONDAY.
Gus Hee&e's Original Swedish Comedy Drama.
"YON YONSON."
Presented by a Strong Cast, Headed by BEN
HENDRICKS.
SEATS NOW READY.
— — ■ '
COMEDY THEATER.
• Formerly the Popular Bush.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
A GREAT BIG SUCCESS.
As Immortal as the Declaration of Independ*
encei »
THE JOHN F. STOWE BIG SPECTACULAR
PRODUCTION OF
UNCLE TOM'S CABIN.
The Only Legitimate Organization Now Prop-
erly Presenting This Ideal American Drama.
20 COLORED JO PEOPLE 20 WHITE.
A GREAT COMPANY.
A GREAT CAST.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Prices— lsc, 25c, 35c. 50c.
Matinees— lsc and 25c.
Seats on Sale Box Office and Emporium.
January 16— New Musical Comedy, "TWO
MARRIED MEN."
ALCAZAR THEATER.
—MATINEE TO-MORROW
I ACT THREE
L./\O 1 NIGHTS OF — *
AUGUSTIN DALY'S
Brilliant Comedy Success.
nil THE
iiii 111 .LJiiii
MAGISTRATE
Delightfully presented, ' with perfect stage ap-
pointments.
15c. i=»K»l^"" I F^^ 33c.
2sc .F—rCH*-. -!^» soc.
NEXT— HOYT'S "A TEMPERANCE TOWN."
C 3 iT> # ST* INGLESIDE
Mm m U »K> m TRACK.
"The grandest racing plant In America."—
Chicago Chronicle.
FIVE OR MORE
RACES DAILY!
CiTITOnAV —THE SAN RAFAEL STAKES:
3Altfil»Al SELLING; ONE MILE:
• Thirty-seven Entries.
Trains leave Third-street station at 12:45 and
1:15 p. m. Round trip tickets, 25 cents.
Electric cars on Mission and Kearny street*
every three minutes.
ADMISSION— ONE DOLLAR.
S. N. ANDROUS. President.
F. H. GREEN, Secretary.
"concerts AND SESOBTS.,
SHERMAN & CLAY HALIT"
TUESDAY EVENING, January 17— Matinee*
Wednesday and (Saturday, January 18 and 31.
HELMONT. Violinist; IDA SIMMONS, Plan-
iste; GRACE PRESTON, Contralto. Prices. $1
and 50c. Seats at Sherman, Clay & Co. 'a.
STEEPLECHASE
At CENTRAL PARK.
A HUGE SUCCESS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 1 TO 1L
EVERYBODY RIDES. .
ADMISSION 10. INCLUDING HOR3E3.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD use DAMIANA BITTERS, THE
'•-' tsreai Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs, Depot, 323. Market,
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Sterling Exchange firmer.
Stiver a fraction higher.
Wheat and Barley about the same.
Oats, Corn and Rye quiet.
Hay dull. FeedstufTs unchanged.
Beans and Seeds inactive.
Potatoes .higher. Onions steady.
Butter declined. Eggs firm.
A car of Eastern Turkeys arrived.
Young Poultry firm and active.
A car of Cranberries arrived.
Game lower and dull.
Limes scarce and higher.
Oranges, Lemons and Apples dull.
Dried Apricots scarce and firm.
Provisions as usual.
Hides very firm.
Meat market unchanged.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 12. 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with I those of same date
last season, and rainfall In last twenty-four
hours: Last This Last
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka . 0.00 14.98 16.43
Red Bluff 0.00 11. 6.2,
Sacramento 0.12 6..6 6.04
San Francisco Trace 6.95 4.ib
Fresno 0.13' 8.5S 2.22
Sari Luis Obtspo 0.20 6.84 2.40
Los Angeles 0.37 2.88 5...
Pan Diego 0.31 5.41 2.92
Yuma Trace 1.33 1.02
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
E2; minimum, 42; mean, 47.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Another storm appears to be advancing from
tt* ocean off the coast of Washington and Ore
gon. Already the barometer has begun to fall
along that coast and the- winds have become
southerly to easterly. As yet it ie too far to
forecast its extent or direction.
The weather is cloudy over the northern por
tion of the Pacific slope and in Arizona. It Is
snowing in the northern portion of Arizona.
Light rain fell In the extreme southern por
tion of California and Southern Arizona to-day.
There was but slight change in the tempera
"condltlons are becoming more threatening
and rain is probable In Northwestern California
Friday evening. ..,-;. „
forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, January 13. 1599:
Northern California-Cloudy and probably
rain In the northwest portion Friday; partly
cloudy in southeast portion; fresh to brisk
southerly wind.
Southern California— Friday; fresh west
wind.
Nevada— Partly cloudy Friday.
Utah— Fair Friday.
Arizona— Partly cloudy Friday.
Pan Francisco and vicinity— cloudy Friday:
probably light rain Friday evening or night;
fresh southerly wind. :  ...
Special from Mount Tamalpals— Cloudy: light
northwest wind; temperature, 42: maximum, 44.
G. H. WILLSON,
Loral Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
. NEW YORK, Jan. 12.— net exchanges for
the day were rather mixed, but with a pre
ponderance of gains. The movements seemed
largely to be the outcome of an organized
campaign against the short Interests. One \
group of stocks after another were boosted,
leaving the bears in doubt where the next move
would Bet in. The activity and strength was
in the giltertged railway shares, and then suc
cessively drifted into the Paclflce. the Flower
stocks and then back into the Pacifies again. j
Great Northern preferred made an extreme j
gain of 7%, Pennsylvania 4. Jersey Central 4.
American District Telegraph 5%, Third Ave
nue 3, Brooklyn Transit 2%, Norfolk and West
ern 2, Burlington 1%, and the Pacifies 2 to
3'j. rart of which were lost in the late dealings.
The iron and steel shares showed a lagging
tendency, although they, too, enjoyed periods j
of strength. London was again a seller on j
balance, although arbitrage dealings were
somewhat interrupted, as the cable worked
poorly. Predictions of a very favorable De
cember statement stimulated interest in Bur
lington. Northern Pacific was stronger on ru
mors that some arrangement of their differ
ences with rival companies were likely. The ;
purchasers of Jersey Central, rumor had it. I
were by insiders In expectation of increased
traffic, because of new industries recently es
tablished along the line.
The extent of recent sales for London ac
count if shown by the large borrowing of
stocks in this market until the stocks sold
arrive from the other side. It is estimated ,
that fully 150,000 shares of stock is now bor- i
- wed here, of which 100,000 are expected to 1
arrive by Saturday week. Chicago is display
ing great interest in the New York market, and i
it Is estimated that nearly a quarter of the
business of the exchange comes over Chicago
wires. Transactions In stocks was little short '
of a million shares. Realizations in final deal
ings gave the market a heavy tone at the
closing.
Improvement occurred in the bond prices in !
.the forenoon, but the market later showed !
weakness in spots and closed irregular. Total
sales. $5,136,000.
Init<-<1 States old fours registered advanced
V* in the bid price.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 998.400
b, including is, 650 Atchison, 29,000 Atchi
pon preferred, 56,270 Central Pacific, 37,720 Bal
timore and Ohio, 13,<:2.=; C. C. C. and St. Louis,
treat Northern preferred. 19,120 Louisville
and Nashville, 29,200 Manhattan, 17,670 Read-
Ing preferred, 9220 Missouri Pacific. 10,600 New
Jersey Central, 110,900 Northern Pacific, 23,630
Northern Pacific preferred. 19,600 Rock Island
46..00 Union Pacific. 21,4"" St. Paul. 53.300 South
ern Pi 10 Southern Railway, 20 200
Southern preferred, 26,900 Union Pacific pre-
Jjrf" I 19,700 Cotton OH. 43,500 Steel,
-ferred, :«200 People's Gas. 6300 Con
tas, 45,000 Brooklyn Rapid Transit
81.200 Sugar, 4100 Leather preferred, SOOO West
ern Union, 10,000 Reading.
CLOSING STOCKS.
AtchUon 21% St L & S W g
'" prefd 55 Do prefd .... 20% j
Baltimore & Ohio, St Paul .... "l23ii
all assmts paid.. 67% Do prefd ....!"'166% I
Canada Paci/1c... 85% St P & Ora 97?
Canada Southern.. 55% Do prefd 167
££ nt i' a^. fl<J 464 St PM & '."'. 180
££«* & o:,;o 27% So Pacific ft%
Chi & Alton 167% So Railway u%
Chi I &,9 127% Do prefd 46%
CW & : - 111 61* Texas& Pacific .. 18%
Do prefd 114 Union Pacific .:.. 45
Chi ! J „ " 10% Do prefd 741.2
( ■>» 'tod & L 8% UP D & O."M **
Do prefd 33 assmt paid 13%
Chi & N W 143% Wabash ..... 7%
Do prefd ........is? Do prefd 23%
C C C & St L.... 47 Wheel & L E. 4th *
Do prefd :-6> s aesmt paid 7
Del & Hudson ....111 Do prefd 27"i
}"•} L* W. 157 Express Companies-
Del & HlO G 20% Adams Ex ........10!)
Do prefd 70 American Ex ....142
Erie new .......... lo United States .... 5'J%
Do Ist prefd.... 3H% Wells Fargo 127
Ft Wayne 182 Miscellaneous—
Gt Nor prefd 162% A Cot Oil 35%
Hocking Valley.... 2% Do prefd 89
Illinois Cent 117-,, Amn Spirits '. 13%
Lake Erie & \V . . . . IS Do p re .... 37#
• Do prefd 70% Am Tobacco 147
Lake Shore 198 Do prefd '. 137%
Louis & Nash 65% Cons Gas 189
Manhattan L ....106U Com Cable C0....!175
Met St Ry ls'J Col F & 1r0n..... 34%
Mich Cent 110 Do prefd .... 95
Minn & St L 37% Gen Electric 100%
,. Do Ist prefd.... '•>!)} Haw Coml Co .... 57%
M.) Pacific 45H Brooklyn R T.... 89%
Mobile & O 36% Intnl Paper 62%
Mo X & T 12% l Do prefd ... S3
I>o prefd 37% Laclede Gas '. 54%
N J Central 101% Le a( : 377?
X X Central 123% Do prefd 111%
NY Chi & St L.. 14%! Nat Lin Oil """I "% I
Do Ist prefd.... 72 Pacific Mall 44% I
Do 2d prefd 36% j People's Gas 111%
Nor West 19 Pullman Pal 160%
2s'o Amer Co 7 Silver Cert 59
No** Pacific 46% Standard R & T.. 10
'Do prefd 78 Sugar 125%
Ontario & W 20 Do prefd 111?
Or R & Nay 47% T C & Iron 36%
Or Short Line .... 44Vi r S Leather 7%
I'ac Coast Ist pfd.S4 Do prefd 71%
Do 2d prefd 65 U 8 Rubber 46%
Plttsburg 180 Do prefd 116% !
Reading 22% West Union 94:4
DO Ist preifd 55% Fed Steel 01%
R G W 30 Do prefd 83%
Do prefd 68 Oregon Nay prefd. 71 i
Rock Island 115 Pac Coast 47
St L & S F 9% Colo Southern .... 7%
Do prefd CS% Do prefd 55V
Do 2d prefd 33% Do 2d prefd 224
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 3s .1074 N V Central 1et5. .114%
V S new 4s reg....129% N J C 5s 114
■ Do coup 129% N Carolina 6s 125
U S 4s 112 Do 4s 103
Do coup 113% No Pac lets 114%
Do 2ds 99% Do 3s 69%
U S 5s reg 113%, Do 45.... 102
Do as coup 1134 V C & St L 45. .107%
District 3.6.".s 118 Nor &W 6s 125
Ala class A .107 Northwestern con. 144
Do B 107 'Do deb 6s 119%
Do C 100 O Nay lsts 1134
]><> Currency 100 ,O Nay 4s 100%
Atchison 45.........100% OS Line 6s tr....130
Do adj 4s 80 ,O- Line 5gtr.... 109%
Can So 2ds DO Reading 4s 874
C & O 4%s 91% R O W lsts.. 914
Chi Term 4s 94 St L& I M con 55. 107%
C & Ohio 5s 117% St L & S F gen 6s. 123
C H & D 4%5. 104% St P Con 161
D & R G lsts 108 St PC & P 15t5. .119
lV& RG 4s 100% Do Es 121«
East Term lßts 103% So Ry 65......... ...105%
Erie Gen 45........ 73% Stand R & T 65... 87%
F W & D lsts tr... 8614 Term new set 35... 86%
Gen Elec 55.... 110 Tex Pac L G 15t5. .1094
G H & S A 6s. 107 Do Rg 2ds 48
Do 2* 103 TT PD &G lsts.... 91
HltTCii ...... .110 Wab Ist ss. 113%
Do con 6? ....110 Do 2d5... 97
lowa C lsti.: 110 W Shore 4 ? .. 1114
La new con 45... 109 ;Va Centuries....... 84
L Vx Unl 45...... 56% Do deferred 7%.
Missouri 8s 100 IWis Cent lsts 63
W Wf*. 684 Union Pacific 4»...103H
I>o *...™. ■■■■■■■ M l Colo Southern 4f1.. 87
MINING STOCKS.
Chollax 12 Ontario 8 00
Crown Point 13 Ophlr 60
Con Cal & Va 1 15 Plymouth I
Dead wood 45 Quicksilver 1 60
Gould & Curry 24 Do prefd 500
Hale & Norcross.. 12 Sierra Nevada 6»
Homestake 60 00 Standard 2 00
Iron Silver «6 t'nlon Con 30
Mexican 28 Yellow Jacket l->
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — ■ Do prefd 63
Call loans 2(93 1 Ed Elec Tel 195
Time loans 3®4 ; Gen Elec prefd — 165
Stocks— jAtch prefd 55
Atch Top &8t Fe. 21% j Mining Shares—
Amer Sugar 125«SlAllouez Mln C 0.... 6%
Do prefd Hl'4 Atlantic 33
: Bay State Gas 3% Bopton & M0nt.... 270
, Ben Tel 285 ißutte & Boston SOtfe
! Boston & Albany.. 2sl i Calumet & Hecla..64<l
I Boston & Maine. ..l7o [Centennial 33%
Chi Bur & Q 125'6iFranklln 21Mi
Fitchburg ..115 Old Dominion 35%
Gen Electric... V... 99' i Osceola SO^S
Mexican Central... 6'i'Qulncy 146
NY & N Eng 99 Tamarack ISS
Old Colony 19Ci, Wolverine Ktt
Or Short Line 44 Parrott Sfi'i
Rubber 46 Humboldt 2*4
I t'nlon Pac 45 Union Land II 1 ?
: West End 94»4 Adventure 9%
Do prefd 112 i Winona 14%
Westlngh Elec 43^1
LONDON MARKET.
LONDON, Jan.' 12.— Canadian Pacific, $t%\
Grand Trunk, 7%; bar silver steady, 27 6-16 d
per ounce; money, IV, per cent.
MADRID, Jan. 12.— Spanish 4's closed 60.10.
Gold was quoted at 32.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Jan. 12— FLOUR— Receipts 16.
--600 barrels; exports 87.265; more active and
firmer on winter straits. Winter straits, $3 65
<g'3 65.
WHEAT— Receipts 196,000 bushels; exports
49.658. Spot, steady; No. 2 red, 80<*c f. o. b.
afloat to arrive. Options opened steady and
had a stubborn advance up to the last hour
on rumors of wet weather In France, continen
tal acceptances again large and report of large
Wall street ownership of wheat. A final re
action was brought about local realizing,
coupled with easier late cables from Paris.
The water closed barely steady and unchanged
to Vie lower; March, 7S?4@7S\c; closed, 7S}»c.
HOPS-Steady.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Steady.
METALS— There was a halt In the upward
course of prices on the Metal Exchange to
day. This was particularly noticeable in
tin. which has recently been advancing in a
! sky-rocket fashion. While firm In tone, the
asking price for this metal was 25 points lower,
with sellers showing less arbitrary views. Lake
copper displayed strength on very favorable
news from the west as well as gratifying
cables from the London market. Demand was
brisk all day. At the close the Metal Exchange
called:
PK'ilßON— Warrants, firm at $S: nominal.
LAKE COPPER-Strong at $18 75 bid and
$14 asked.
TlN— Firm; J22 bid and $22 25 aeked.
LEAD— Firm at $4 W<ff4 2J. The brokers'
price for lead was S3 S."> and $14 for copper.
SPKLTER-Firm; $5 25 bid. fS 35 asked.
COFFEE— Options closed unchanged to 5
i points net lower. Sales. 12,500 hags, including:
March. So 60; September. $6. Spot coffee — Dull
but steady: No. 7 Jobbing, "Vfec. Mild, quiet;
Cordova. 7%GUc.
PTGAR— Raw, firm, but not quotably higher.
Fair refining, 3 18-16 c; centrifugal. 96 test,
4 6-16e bid; molasses sugar, 3 9-16 c; refined,
steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 5512 packages: steady;
I Western creamery, 15@21c; Elglns, 21c; factory,
12®14'tc.
F.GGS— Receipts. 4J30 packages; steady; West
ern. 20Hc; Southern, 220.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Jan. 12.— California dried fruits I
quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 7%©Sc; :
| prime wire tray, SHS^Sic; choice, 9<§"9>4c; fan- !
cy, He.
PRUNES— IOtfC
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 11014 c; Moorpark, ll*?17c.
PEACHES— UnpeeIe.I. f^ll'-c; peeled, 21®23c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Jan. 12.— There was enough bull
ish feeling among traders carried over from
yesterday to start wheat strong, although the
general situation before business began sug
gested a downward course. Liverpool 'cables
came only %d higher and the price currents
prospects for winter wheat were more encour
aging. One point concerning domestic receipts |
was interpreted favorably to the bulls. May I
opened a shade lower at 70 ,»'a71c, and as the i
market began to show strength shorts took fright ;
and covered. As there was very little for sale I
competition soon helped the price and May ad- ;
vanced to 71% c. A private message from a !
leading local trader who is abroad reported i
| Russians canceling rye seals and declared that
i France web a buyer of wheat. This had ;a '
1 bullish effect, and as a New York syndicate
I which was reported long about 5.000,000 bushels ;
1 bought on. every little dip the price held stead
ily within , %c s of the top the greater portion
of the session. Reports received late In the |
day said that the Argentine wheat crop would j
i be of large i proportions and the grain of good I
quality. As the expectation of a deficit in that i
quarter has been one of the sustaining fea- j
i tures here of late this piece of news had a
> weakening effect and May declined to 70%
; buyers, . tne closing price.
Damp weather and bullish news from the
country concerning the demand for feeding and i
reducing stock* in first hands strengthened
corn. When wheat In the last hour began to
! droop corn followed, getting very heavy near \
i the end. Selling orders began pouring into I
the pit. May closed a shade higher than yes- |
terday.
Light offerings and email receipts strength- !
! ened oats. There was a good export inquiry I
and a few speculative orders were sufficient, I
;to send prices upward. Near the end. howV
1 ever, cats yielded with the other grains. May/
; closed a shade higher. f
A light run of hogs and a good export de- !
mand for meat products started provisions
strong. The market was called upon to ab- '
■ sorb a good deal of long property, but as com- i
! mission houses bought freely prices were well !
■ maintained until wheat and corn began to show ■
I weakness. Then provisions became quite heavy
and the early gain was lost. May pork closed
5c lower. May lard ■ 24c lower and May rlb« i
24c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. Higii. lov. Close.
heat No. 2—
January 67% 67%
Ma y 71 714 70% 70%
JU Co y rn-NoV^- ; ' ** -"* <**
January 35 35% 85 85-
May 37% 37% 37% 37%
July 37% 38 37% 37% '
Oats No. 2- v' *
May ...27%. 28 27% 2756
July ■•••• 26% 26% 26% 26%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
January 9 87%
May 10 22% 10 27% 10 15 10 17%
Lard, per 100 pounds —
January 660 560 5 67% 55714
May 580 5 824 575 6 774
Short Ribs,, per 100 pounds—
January 4 82% 4 82% ■ 4SO 480
May , ..5 124 515 5 074 610
Cash quotations were as follows:
1 Flour, quiet and steady; No. 2 spring wheat,
lIMe; No. 3 spring- wheat. 64%@68c; No. 2
red. 71c: No. 2 corn, 35%@35%c; No. 2 oats, 27
(?27%c; No. 2 white. 29%@30c; No. 3 white. 25%
<529% c; No. 2 rye, 56c; No. 2 barley, 41<s:,3c^
No. 1 flax seed. $1 134: new winter, 51 17%;
prime timothy seed. $2 35; mess pork, per bar
rel, $9 90®9 95; lard, per 100 pounds, $.", 57%5:
5 60; short ribs sides (loose), {4 70@6; dry salted
shoulders (boxed), 44 : V l ; short clear sides i
(boxed), Jo 05*35 15: whisky, distillers' finished
j goods, per gallon, $127.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 37,600 69,500
Wheat ' bushels 125.200 10 300
Corn, bushels 564,100 257,800 i
Oats, bushels 204,300 329,
Rye, bushels 11,200 26,000 i
I Barley, ■ bushels 72,400 .8.000
I On | the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter !
market was easy. Creameries, 14<^2Oc; Dairies,
12 l @lßc. Eggs, dull; fresh, 19c. Cheese, steady';
Creameries, 9%@11%c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
I Minneapolis 223,000 43,160
, Duluth 101, 047 15,043
Milwaukee 42,000 4,900
Chicago 125.230 10,355
Toledo : 19,843 ' 9 100
St. Louis , 24,000 ■ 25.000
Detroit 11,051 3 250
Kansas City 42,000 41.600
' Totals 639,691 152,318
Tidewater —
Boston 87,631 : ?"-iii.f!'V?
New York 196,800 49,653
Philadelphia 22.682 18.643
Baltimore .59,426 9,100
New Orleans . 1,780
j Galveston : 812,000 48.000
-Totals- - 127,176
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Mar. May.
Opening' . 5 9% 5 8% :
Closing 5 9% 6 8%
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— r ' -^ ■->.•: ' - Jan. -June.
Opening 46 95 46 50
Cloning ...... .77 45 90 46 10
Wheat— ;->...<...■.•.-
Opening 2185 • 22 00
Closing .. 21 80 21 90
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Jan. CATTLE— was a
fairly active demand for cattle to-day and the
moderate : supply ' prevented -'.' any ' ; decline - . in
prices." Fancy grades . sold • at : $5 80®6; 'choice
steers, . $5 5065 75; ' medium ■ grades, Is 4 80@5 10;
beef steers. 53 9004 75; bulls. *2 50®4 23; cows
and heifers, $3 30@4 10; Western fed steers, $4
©5 60; Texas steers, $3 60@5 25; calves, $4 7 10.
HOGS— A •■ good < Inquiry from .• Eastern sol
■..■•......-...> - .... -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 13, 1899.
pers and an : active demand ; from ■ packers for
hogs resulted In an advance of 2H®sc In prices.
Fair to choice, S3 72V4@3 90; packing lots, $3 55
(33 70; mixed. $8 60@3 80; butchers, S3 55@3 85;
lights. $3 f,of/3 80; pigs, $3@3 50.
SHEEP— Trade was fairly aotive in sheep.
Heavy ' lambs were slow of sale at s@loc de
cline. Native sheep, $3 65® S 90: Western mut
tons. $3 65©4: Western feeders, S3 25@3 60; year
lings, $4 10@4 50; poor to prime lambs, $3 85®
5 15.
Receipts— Cattle, 8600; hogs, 30,000; sheep. 18,
--000. ,■_.' ,-.''. ■•-.•.,-'.-.•
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. Jan. 12— CATTLE— Receipts.
4000; market steady to strong. Native steers.
S3 40<iT5 55; Texas steers, S3 40@3 75; Texas cows,
$2 7f.rq3 25; native cows and heifers, SI 75®4 25;
stookers and feeders, $3 15@4 45; bulls, $2 75®
3 85.
HOGS — Receipts, 14.000: • market ■ opened
strong; closed weak. Bulk of sales, $3 40@S 65;
heavies. $3 55@3 75; packers. $3 40®3 62^4: mixed.
$3 3003 60; lights, $3 2503 45; yorkers, $3 40®
3 45; pips. $3 251g'3 37%.
SHEEP — Receipts, 2000: market strong.
Lambs, $3 7695; muttons, $2 50@4.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, Jan. CATTLE— Receipts, 800;
market stronger. Native beef steers, $4(^5 35;
Western steers, {3 90@4 60; cows and heifers,
$3(g4; canners, $2 25@3; stockers and feeders,
$3 i-ifftz 60; calves, {4 50@6 75; bulls, stags, etc.,
$2 30®3 SO.
Receipts. 9000; market 6 cents higher.
Heavies. $3 67%@3 67&; mixed, $3 57%@3 60;
light. $3 50®3 60; pigs. $3@3 25; bulk of sales,
$3 57V4@3 62V4.
SHEKP— Receipts. 1200; market steady. Na
tive muttons, S3 80®4 30; Westerns. $3 70@4 10;
stookers, $2 751J3 70; lambs, $4@5 10.
DENVER. • '
DENVER, Jan. 12.— CATTLE— Receipts. 700;
market active and strong;. Beef steers, $8 75ig>
6 26; cows, $2 60(54; feeders, freight paid to
river, $3 25«?4; stockers, freight paid, $3 60®
4 £0; bulls, stags, etc.. $2®3.
HOGS— Receipts, 500; market active, 10c
higher. Light packers, $3 55<£3 60; mixed, $3 50
<g3 55: heavy. $3 30@3 45.
SHEEP— None.
CALIFORNIA PRUNES IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Jan. I!.— Journal of Com
merce says: Recent offerings of Pacific Coast
prunes at auction have had a depressing Influ
ence upon spot prices, from which the market
seems to be recovering as a result of stronger,
reports ' from California. Stocks on the coast
are reported to be unusually small for this sea
son, and according to latest mall advices from
there holders seem imbued with confidence in
the future and are not disposed to close out
stocks except at full prices. While the de
mand here shows little Improvement there is
reported to-be more inquiry for consumers, as
] the low price for prunes as compared with
| other dried fruits, particularly evaporated ap
ples, are said to be attracting the attention of
buyers. There has been no marked improve-
I ment in spot quotations, but a firmer feeling
j obtains and holders seem less anxious to make
' sales now that cheap auction lots are believed
to be out of the way.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Jan. 12.— Consols. 11l .1-16; silver,
27 5-16 d; French rentes, lOlf 67%0; wheat car
goes off coast, nothing ; doing; cargoes on
passage, nominal, unchanged; English coun
try markets, easy.
LIVERPOOL. Jan. WHEAT— DuII; wheat
In Paris, quiet: flour in Paris, quiet; French
country markets, firm.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 5-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, dull; No. I red Northern
spring. 6s.
COIIN— Spot, quiet; American mixed old, is
lOd. Futures quiet and unchanged.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Jan. -Exchanges. $293,945;
balances. J40.759.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
'"PORTLAND, Jan. 12.— Exporters cut down \
I their limits to 59c for Walla Walla wheat to-
I day. Valley was quiet at about 61c and blue
stem at 62c. It will require 2c or 3c above this
figure to dislodge very much wheat, and as It
cannot be paid with the foreign markets In the
present shape a practical deadlock exists. .
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Jan. WHEAT— CIub, 69c; blue
stem, 62Q63C.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
I Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 83
! Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86
1 Sterling Cables — 4 86%
; New York Exchange, sight — 15
1 New York Exchange, telegraphic — 174
Fine Silver, per ounce — s?' :
Mexican Dollars — 474®4S
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— It is expected that the recent heavy
i rains will lead holders to release much of the
j Wheat that they have been holding, and that
I there will be more business from now on. This,
! however, Is mere conjecture. At present the
1 market is as dull as ever.
i Spot Wheat-Shipping, $1 13%j?l 15; milling,
! $1 17%@1 20.
CALL BOARD ■ SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May — *000
ctls. $1 17%; 6000., $1 17%; 8000. $1 17%.
I Second Session— May— 2ooo ctls. %l 17%.
Regular Morning Session — May— ctls,
i $1 17%.
! Afternoon May— Booo ctU. $1 17%; 12,
--| 000, *1 17%.
BARLEY— market continues quiet at un
j changed prices.
JPeed. $1 27%@1 30; Brewing. $1 Ss®l 45 per
/' CALL. BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— sales.
Second Session — No salee.
Regular Morning Session— Seller 1899, new—
10,000 ctls, 88% C.
Afternoon May— 2ooo ctls, $1 1814.
— Sales are few and small, but the
market Is firm and Surprise is quoted higher.
Fancy Feed, Jl 35*8 1 37Vi I per ctl; good to
choice, II 30@l 32>-i; common, $1 27%; Surprise,
$1 42ViQl 50; Gray. Jl 30®l 35; Milling, $1324®
1 35 per ctl; Red, $1 5501 65; Black, $1 60@l 75.
CORN— There Is nothing new to report.
Small round yellow. $1 20; Eastern large yel
low, $1 12%@1 15; white, jl 12V4@1 15; mixed.
Jl Q7V>'3l 10 per ctl; California white, $1 12'/4@
1 15.
RYE— California, $1 20 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT—
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFB.
FLOUR— extras, $4 15@4 25: bakers'
extras, $3 90#4.
MILLSTUFFS— In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour. J2 75
per 100; Rice Flour, J7; Cornmeal. $2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal. 14 25; Oat
Groats. $4 50; Hominy. J3 25^3 50; Buckwheat
Flour, $4<g4 26; Cracked Wheat, J3 75; Farina,
$4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels). Jo 85®6 25; In sacks, J5 65@6 05; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas. $4 25; Green Peas, J4 60
per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay is qui»t, owing to the accumulation of
receipts during the past three days, and the
discomfort of buyers in wading through the
mud that surrounds the cars. Prices show no
change, however, except Alfalfa, which Is a
little off.
Bran and Middlings are unchanged.
BRAN— J2O 501721 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S22@24 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, J26 50®27 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31@31 60;
jobbing, $32© 32 50: Cocoanut Cake. J24@25; Cot
tonseed Meal, J28@30 per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50®
24 50: Cracked Corn. J24@25.
CALIFORNIA HAY — Wheat, $17 50@19 for
good to choice and $16® 17 for lower grades;
no fancy coming in: Wheat and Oat, $15 60®
17 50; Oat. $14ii'1fi; Island Barley, $14@15; Al
falfa. $12fi13; Stock, none; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY (from . Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
Wheat and Wheat and Oat. $14®15; Cheat,
$12 50013; Alfalfa, : Oat, J14@lo; Clover,
$11 60<3>12 50; Timothy, $12013 50 per ton. T
STRAW— 3S@7Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Previous quotations rule with . a quiet mar
ket.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 85(1*2: Small Whites. $2®
2 15; Large Whites. $1 75®1 90; Pinks, $1 95@
2 05; Reds, $3 155} 3 25; Blackeye. $3 75@4; But
ters, $2@2 50; Llmas. $3 25@3 35; Pea, $2 25@2 40;
Red Kidneys, $2 40@2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Mustard, s4 50@4 75 per ctl;
! yellow Mustard, $4 25; Flax, $2@2 25; Canary
Seed, 2U@2%c per lb; Alfalfa, s',(ff6Hc: Rape.
2Vi@2%c; Hemp, 2Vif3c; Timothy, 6®6%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 60@l 75; Green, $1 75
©1 85 per ctl. '. \
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes continue to advance. Onions are
steady. Vegetables are slow.
POTATOES— 7S@SSc ; per ctl for ' Early Rose;
95c(gjl 10 per sack for River Burbanks; Peta
luma Burbanks, : Jl@l 10; Oregon, $1 10@l 35;
Sweet Potatoes, . $1 75 for Merced; New Pota
toes, l',2©2c per lb.
ONIONS— 7")C@SI per ctl: Oregon. $l@l 10.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. 8c; String
Beans, 7ig.sc; Cabbage. 40@50c; Tomatoes, Toe©
$1 IS for Los " Anpeles Egg Plant. per
lb; Garlic.; 7c per lb; Dried Okra, 15c per lb;
Green Peppers, 4@sc per lb; Dried Peppers, 10
@15c; Marrowfat Squash, ' JB@lo per ton;. Ca
rrots, 25^350 - per ■ sack: » Mushrooms, s@7Vic • per
lb . for large and 10@20c for buttons.
POULTRY AND GAME. • .
A car of Eastern dressed Turkeys sold at
13@14c. • ■ • ' ' ■
! Loral Poultry. ls. cleaned, up. and young stock
■ Is scarce and actively. inquired for.
i Game is lower and dull. „ - '->Xl
I POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, 15@17c; live
Turkeys, 14@15c for Gobblers • and 14®150 for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 60@2; Ducks $4 60®
U SO; Hens. U lWig>; young ' Roosters,- $6; old
Roosters, $4 50@5; Fryers. $5 50@6; Broilers, $5
®5 50 for large. $4 60®-5 for small; Pigeons, $1®
1 25 per dozen for old and $2<g2 25 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail. $101 50; Mallard, $3@3 50;
Canvasback, $3@5; Sprig, $2@2 50; Teal, $125®
160; Widgeon. $1 25<gl 50; Small Duck, $I@l 25; '
English Snipe. $2 50@3; Jack Snipe, $1 25@1 50; '
Gray Geese. $3; White Geese, $1 60; Brant. SI 25
@1 75; Honkers. $3 60®4 50; Hare. 75c@Jl; Rao- '
bits, $1 60 for Cottontails and $1 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter has declined lc. Cheese is unchanged.
The lower grades of Eggs are In active de- .
mand and firm, but fancy ranch are slow.
Buyers are afraid to purchase heavily, fearing
largely Increased receipts soon.
BUTTER
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 15c; seconds.
23ff24c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 21i8>22V4e; common
grades, 18@20c. ■ ...
Pickled Goods— Firkin, 17f?18c; pickled roll.
17@lSc for dairy and 19@20c for creamery
squares; creamery tub, 22@22>4c. • '
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 16@16V£c for
lb; Elgin. 22@22%c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, ll%@12o; old, 10
©lie: Cream Cheddar, 12ig > 12V4c; Young Amer
ica. 12@13c; Eastern, 10(gl2c. . '.. ■"•«■?
EGGS— Ranch Eggs,- 34@36c ■ per dozen; sec
onds. 82%@33c; store Eggs. 28@32%c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS. '
The steamer brought up only 153 cases Mexi
can Limes and the market Is stiff. Oranges,
Lemons and Apples are dull. j Pineapples are
lower under free arrivals. A car of Cranberries
Is on the market at $7©7 60 per. barrel.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 35®'60c for common. 75c®$l per box
for No. 1 and $1 25® 1 50 for choice. Lady Ap
ples, 50@75c: Apples, in barrels, $s@B. •>- •'-
Pears— per box.
Persimmons —
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. $I@2 60 per
box: Seedlings, 75c@$l 50; Manc>trins. $1 KOI SO; |
Lemons, 75cf6)l 50 for common and $2@3 ' for !
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $B@6 50; Call- i
fornia Limes — per small box: Grane j
Fruit, Sl@2 50; Bananas, $1 25@2 60 per. bunch;
Pineapples, $2@4 60 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
Apricots are scarce and firm.
DRIEI> FRUlT— Prunes, 64e for 40-50*s, 44@
5o for 80-60'b. 34<5)3%c for 60-70's. 2?i@3o for
70-SO's, 2Vi@2V4c for SO-90's, 2c for 90-100' s and !
W:@l%c for 100-110' s: Silver Prunes. 24@5c;
Peaches. 6@74c for good to choice, 74@8c for
fancy and 10®124e for peeled; Apricots, 10@
124 c for Royals and 134 c for Moorpark; Evap
orated Apples, 7> /4 <if 7'*>c; sun dried, 4@44c;
Black Figs, sacks, 2'?i24c; Plums, 44@6c for
pitted and lJ?l4c for unpitted; Nectarines. 6@ |
*c for prime to fancy; Penrs, 6@Bc for quarters
and 8(5 Sc for halves.
RAISINS— 3*ic for two-crown, 444 c for three- !
crown, 6%c for four-crown, 54(§64c for Seed- i
less Sultanas, 44c for Seedless Muscatels and '
$1 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes, Z\6l3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 7®Bc per lb; Walnuts, ;
7ifßc for hardshell, 9-fflOc for softshell; Al- j
monds, 7"?8c for hardshell, 13@14c for softshell, ;
15@16c for paper-shell: Peanuts, 6ffl» fnr East- i
crn and 4455 c for California; Cocoanuts, $4 50
go.
HONEY— Comb, lOfJllc for bright and B!jf9e j
for lower grades; water white extracted, 64® j
7c; light amber extracted, 6c; dark, 5@54c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 74e per lb for
heavy. Sc for light medium, 10c for light, 104 c
for extra light and 12®124c for sugar cured;-
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10£104 c; Cali
fornia Hams, &@9\c; Mess Beef. $10 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef, $11; Family Boef, $12 60; extra
Prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $18; mess, $15 50®
16: Smoked Beef, 114@12c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at s : 2<Tj6c per lb for
compound and 7V?Se for pure: hfilf barrels,
pure, ,"((■; 10-lb tins. S'-jc; B-lb tins, B%c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces. 6V.(3G-%<v, packages
less tlian 300 lbs. 1-lb pails, 60 in a case. 94c; |
3-lb pails. 20 in a case, B%c; 6-Ib pails. 12 in a
case, fc'-c: l'"'-lb pails, 6 in a case, B%c; 50-Ib
tins. 1 6"r 2 in a case. 7 vie: wooden buckets, 20
lbs net Sic; fancy tub*. 80 lbs net, 7"ic; half
barrels, about 110 lb*, 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOI* AND HOPS.
Hides are very firm. Otherwise there Is
nothing new.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell j
about lc under the Quotations. Heavy salted I
Bteers, 10c; medium, fc; light, 84c; Cowhides,
BV4©9c; Stags. 6c; Palled Kip, 8foS4o; Calf,
S4c; dry hides, sound. lS^liiftc; cuMs and
brands, 12V- ; dry Kip and Veal, ISo; dry
Calf, 17c; Sheepskin's, shearlings, 15-025 C each; j
short wool, 30@40c each; medium, '..OJibOo; long |
wool. 90ca$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 75 I
<Q2 for large and 75c for Fmall; Colts, 50c: j
Horse Hides, dry, $1 50 for large and 50c(3>$l for !
small.
TALLOW— Nn. 1 rendered. 34?i3»ic per lb;
No. 2. 2%c: refined, 4%05c; Grease". 2c.
\\-( >c>L— Spring clips— Southern Mountain, 12 I
months'. 7@9c, San Joaquin and Southern, 7
months', S@9c; Foothill an.l Northern, free. 12 ;
®14c; Foothill and Northern, defective, 9@llc; I
Humboldt and Mendocino, 14® lie; Nevada, 9@>
lie- Eastern Oregon, 10^jl2c.
Fall Wools—
Humboldt and Mendocino ?*U
Northern Mountain 7® 8
Southern 6g 74
Plains 6@ 6
HOPS— IB9B crop, 124814 c per lb for ordinary,
144®1540 for good and 16518 c for choice to
fancy.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BA OS— Calcutta Grain Bags for next season,
nominal, at 4%@5c; Wool Bags. 26®2Sc; San
Quenttn Bags, $4 So.
COAL— Wellington, $S per ton; New Welling
ton. $8; Southfield Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
*6; Bryant, $6; Coon Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland. $8 50@9 In bulk and
$10910 2* in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite
Egg $14; Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs
ami (astle Gate. $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in
bulk and $14 in sa -ks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6 7 <4c; Powdered, $%c; Candy
Granulated, 5%c; Dry Granulated. 5%c; Con
fectioners' A, 5%c; California A, 64c; Magno- ,
Ha A, 5%c; Extra C, .I'4c; Golden C, 54c; half- !
barrels, more than barrels, and boxes 4c j
more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels '
or Its equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers ■
are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 64<i?7c; second quality,
CigG^r; third quality. 44<f?f>4c.
VEAL— Large. 64*?j74c; small. «4@Bc per lb.
MUTTON— wetben, 74@Sc; Ewes. 7@74c
LAMB-S^S4c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogß. 4<g4'4c for large. 44@4%c
for medium and 34@4c for small; stock Hogs,
3©'34 c; dressed Hogs, 6'S7c for prime.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Thursday. January 12.
Flour, qr sks 9.958 Middlings, sks 220
Barley ctls 2.520 Hay, tons 326
Corn, ctls 2.625 Eggs, doz 5.850
Rye. ctls 820 Wine, gals 62,950
Butter, ctls 167 Leather, rolls 21
Cheese, ctls 101 Hides? no 63S
Tallow, ctls 217 Lime, bbls «1
Beans, sks 231 Sugar, bbls 110
Potatoes, sks 1.R72 Sugar, bags 2.255
Onions. ?ks So9. Pelts, bdls 210
Bran, sks 465 1 Quicksilver, flko. 117
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 6.11 M Shorts, sks 25 i >
Oats, ctls 3,110 Bran, sks 480
Potatoes, sks 3s 1
OGDEN.
Flour, qr sks 1.028 1
■ ♦ ■
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Henry L., William P. and Lloyd A. de Vaull
to John de Vaull, lot on NE corner of Post
and Flllmore streets. N 55 by E 93: gift.
Mary llooney to Edward T. Powers, lot on S
nne of Bush Btreet, 165 E of Lyon, E 27:6 by S
137:6; $10.
Charles Clarke to Elizabeth Warren, lot on
S line of Washington street, 87:6 E of Locust,
E 50 by S 102:8*; gift.
George W. and Annie M. Hinkel to John R.
McMurdo, lot on S line of Beulah street, 81:3
W of Shrader, W 25 by S 100; $10.
Elizabeth McCormack to William and Mary
Norton, lot on SW line of Eleventh street, 170
NW of Folsom, NW 30, SW 87, SE 20, NE 0:7,
SE 10, NE 86:3; $3400.
Ashbel B. Winegar to Jane H. Winegar, lot
on W line of Valencia street, 130 S of Park
(Twenty-fourth), S 65 by W 90: gift.
Isabella Mackenzie to Jules Levy and Honry
Kahn, lot on S line of Ellis street. 75 W of
Powell, W 100, S 110, E 80, N 20:6, E 20. X 89:6;
$107,500.
Thomas and Ellen Kelly to M. and Delia
Moses, lot on N line of O'Farrell street, 75 E of
Hyde, E 25 by N 90; $10.
Anna Roland (formerly Obrist, formerly Be
nech) to Christian Froelich, lot on NW corner
of Second and Minna streets, N 40, W 57:6, N
20, W 20, S 60, E 77:6; $1.
Donald Mackenzie to W. E. Jackson, lot on
N line of Silver avenue, 375 E of Congdon
street, E 25 by N 110. block 13, College Home
stead, warranty deed; $10.
Ashbel B. Winegar to Jane H. Winegar, lot
on N line of Wilder street. 25 E of Carrie. E
25 by N 100. lot 2, block 3, Fairmount Extension
Homestead; gift.
James P. Dunne to J. R. Howell, lot on NW
corner of Lizzie street and Prospect avenue,
N 23:4. W 70, N 23:4. W 28:8. S 4€: S. E 98:8.
lots 120 and 126, Cobb Tract; $10.
Alameda County.
Charles T. Blessing to John H. Rempe, lot
on S line of Twenty-fourth street, 87:6 W of
Myrtle. \V 37: Cby S 101, being lot 23 and W
half of lot 22. block 635, map of Market-street
lots. Oakland; $10.
Orin B. and Bertha Frishle (by attorney) to
M. M. Rowley, lots 7 and 8, map of Lorin Villa
Tract, Berkeley (subject to a mortgage for
$1800); $10.
A. D. and Anna M. Courtney to Benjamin
F. Bateman, lot 20, block D, revised map of
Prospect Hill Tract, Brooklyn Township; $400.
Ellen Clark to George P. Clark, S ends of lots
1 and 2, block 11. on W side of Twenty-third i
and Twenty-fourth streets, having a frontage
of 60 on Valley street by 150, Oakland; also
personal property; gift.
Victor H. and George D. Metcalf (trustees
for William C. and Grade Gates) to Hetty T.
Henshaw (wife of William G. Henshaw), all
Interest In lot on N corner of East Fourteenth
street and Sixth avenue. KB 160, NW 100, NE
20, NW 50, 8W 60, BE 50. SW 110, 8E 100 to be
ginning, block 56. Clinton, East Oakland (trus
tees' deed); $7500.
Sarah E. Whldden to William G. Whldden.
undivided third interest in lot on SE corner
of Webster and Tenth streets, S 74:2. E 75.04.
N 14:2. E 24:114. N 60, W 100 to beginning,
Oakland; $4000.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Contra Costa Water continues the active stock
on the Bond Exchange, and dropped from $62 50
to $60 on the morning session. . Alaska Pack
ers' sold down to $105 75.
Mining stocks continued dull and unchanged.
The annual meeting of . the . Mutual Savings
Bank of San Francisco ■ has been called for
January 17.
At the annual meeting of 'the Bullion Mining
Company the old board of tdirectors was re
elected, consisting of Thomas Cole, Charles
Hlrschfeld* William Barman, George C. Snelder
and Thomas Anderson. Thomas Cole was re
elected ' president. Charles Hlrschfeld vice
president, R. R. Grayson ' secretary and Roger
Prendergast superintendent.
The annual meeting, of the Pacific Stock Ex
change was held on January 11. William Ban- j
nan retired from the presidency and I. Herz
berg .was elected his successor. Stephen Otis
was re-elected vice president, and Max Gold
man • treasurer. The following executive com
mittee was elected: W. A. Doud, chairman;
W. E. Miles and P. Cadogan.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, Jan. 12.
Bld.Ask. : Bid.Ask.
Bonds— Cent L & P.... — 19
43 quar coup.. — — Mutual El Co. — 13
4s quar re?... — — Oakland Gas.. 48 50
4s quar n»w.. — — Pac Gas Imp.. — 86%
3s quar c0up. .107 107% Pac L Co 49 50
Misceitrne..Ub— S F. O & E.... 85% 864
Cal-st Cab 65..1!J — San Fran 3Vi 3%
Cal Else ft 125V11274 Stockton Gas.. 11% 14
C C W-U 10441044 Insurance—
Dup-Bt ex c... — 98% Firem's Fund. 2ll —
EL& P«3 ISI — Bank Stocks—
F&CI Ry 65. .114 — Anglo-Cal 65 —
deary-st R ss. — 102 Bank of Ca1... 257 260
H C& S 5%5. — 105 Ca! SD & T..101 —
L. Ali Co 63... 96 — • First Nationl.224 235
Do gntd 65... 98% — Lon P & A.... 133 —
Market-st 65... 126 ■ — Mer Exchange — 16
Do Ist M 55.. 116 — , Nev Nat Bankl76 —
NCN G R 75. 107 — - Savings Banks—
NRy Cal 65. ..114 — Ger S & L...1650 —
NRy Cal 6s. ..110 — \ Hum S & L.IOJO 1160
NPC R R 65.104%103 . Mutual Say.. — 45
NPC R R 55. 100 —' S F Say U.. 487 —
N Cal R R ss. 984105 IS & L 50.... — 100
Oak Gas 5s 109 112 I Security S B 300 350
Om Ry 6s 128 — Union T C 0..1060. .1060 —
P&CI Ry 65.. 101 —. I Street Railroads—
P& O fis 109 — California . . . . 10!HillJ ;
Powell-st 65. ..120 1224 Geary 45 " _
Sac El Ry 55.. — — . Market-st :60 60 1 *
S.F &N P 53.109*4110 Oak SL& H' — —" j
SierraßCal 6s. 10441054 Presidio 11 11%
SPof Ar 65...109%110V; Powder—
S P C69(1?05-6)113%114 California .... — 160 i
SPC 6s (1912)121% — E Dynamite.. 88% 97%
SPCIs eg ss. 105 — Giant Con Co. 59% 60
ISPBr 6s 122 122% Vifrorit ........ 3 314
i S V Water 65.H9%120 Miscellaneous—
S V Water 45. 103% — Al Pac A85n..105%108
S V W4s(3dm). — — Ger Ld Wk5...175 — !
Stktn Gas 65.. 103% — Hana PI C 0... IS% mi
Water Stocks— II C& S C 0... 58 58%
Contra Costa. 604 G3 Hutch S P Co. 33% 38%
Marin Co 50 — Mer Ex Assn.. 90 —
Spring Valley.lol%lo2 Oceanic S Co.. 64 64' i
Gas & Electric— Pac A FA.... 1% 1%
Capital Gas... — — Pac C Bor Co. loo —
Cent Gaslight. 105 — Par Paint Co.. 7 —
Morning Session.
Board —
45 Contra Costa Water 62 50
10 Contra Costa Water 62 25
5 Contra Costa Water 62 00
5 Contra Costa Water 61 75
15 Contra Costa Water 61 50
65 Contra Costa Water 61 25
10 Contra Costa Water... 61 3714
DO Contra Costa Water, cash 61 00 "
15 Contra Costa Water, s 30 60 00
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar hi 23
i 95 Oakland Gas 43 no
200 Oakland Gas, s 30 48 03
20 Oceanic S S Co 61 75
60 Oceanic S S Co 64 00
20 Pacific Gas Imp.. S6 00
6 S V Water 102 00
$5000 S P of A bonds 109 73
$1000 S P Branch Ry bonds 121 50
50 Vlgorlt Powder cash 3 00
100 Vigorlt Powder 3 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
65 Alaska Packers' Association 105 75
2" Alaska Packers' Association 106 00
28 Hana Plantation Co IS 12%
30 Hutchinson S P Co 33 62%
50 Hutchison S P Co 33-75
$20,000 North Ry of Cal 5 per cent bds....Ho 03
$1000 North Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds. ..llo 124
6 Oakland Gas 49 00
5 Oakland Gas 48 00
25 Oakland Gas, s 30 48 00
5 Oceanic S B Co 64 124
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 86 25
10 S F Gas & Electric Co. 86 00
$2000 S P Branch Ry bonds 122 00
$27,000 S P Branch Ry bonds 122 25
Street—
5 Pacific Gas Imp 86 00
$9000 S P of A bonds 110 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board— > , ■■*-
60 Equitable Gaslight 13 75
30 S V Water 102 00
1 65 Hawaiian 58 124
30 Giant 60 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
176 Equitable Gaslight 14 00
30 Oceanic 64 00
65 Hutchlnson 33 75
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Andes OS ] 500 Justice 11
! 100 Best & Belcher. 39 500 Sierra Nevada.. 75
i 900 Chollar 12 100 Union Con 31
100 Con Cal & Va...l 23 100 Utah 12
200 Gould & Curry.. 26 1 j
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes 05 800 Hale & Norcrs.. 09
300 Best & Belcher. 38 300 Mexican 32
100 Chollar 12100 Ophlr 51
800 Oould & Curry.. 26: £00 Overman 06
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
EOO Belcher 12 100 Mexican 32
500 Chollar 12 100 Ophir 51
100 Con Cal & Va.l 274 100 Sierra -.evada.. 72
200 Gould & Curry.. 25 1 30 Yellow Jacket. 14
COO Justice 1112000 Yellow Jacket. 12%
Afternoon Session.
800 Andes 05700 Potosl 14
100 Con Cal & Va.l 27% .200 Savage 09
100 Con Cal & Va...l ' 500 Seg Belcher 02
700 Hale & Nnrcrs.. 09,255 Yellow Jacket.. 12
100 Mexican 311-60 Yellow Jacket. .l 24
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. Jan. 12— p. m.
Bld.Ask. >■ Bld.Ask.
Alpha Con — 04 Julia — 04
Alta — 06 Justice 11 13
i Andes 04 06 Kentuck ....... — 11
! Belcher 12 13 Lady Wash.... — 05
i Benton Con 04 10 Mexican 31 32
i Best & Belcher 38 39 Occidental 32 —
' Bullion 02 03 Ophlr 50 52
, Caledonia 20 24 Overman 05 06
Chollar 11 13 Potosl \ 13 15
Challenge Con. 12 — Savage 08 10
Confidence 60 65 Scorpion — 03
Con Cal & Va..l 25 1 30 1 Seg Belcher.... 02 03
Con Imperial... — 02 Sierra Nevada. 70 74
> Crown Point... 09 11 Silver Hill — 04
I Con New York. — 05 Syndicate — 10
Eureka Con 30 — Union Con 30 32
Exchequer — 03 Standard 195 —
Gould & Curry. 25 26 Utah ....10 11
Hale & Norcrs. 09 '10 Yellow Jacket. 10 12
THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
January, 1899.
We
4
6
Moon** Phases
<o-Last Quarter
<>£• January 4.
8
10
IT
34
II
5
12
11
18
li
21
rf»v New Moon.
Vs/ January 11.
-^ First Quarter,
JT January 18.
©Full Moon,
January '•».
27
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. NNt. t Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
January 12. 1899.
Robinson Point Fog Signal and Post Light,
Washington.
Notice is hereby given that the sounding of
the fog signal at this station, a twelve-inch
steam whistle, giving blasts of six seconds'
duration with silent Intervals of flfty-fAur sec
onds, located on the easterly extremity of
Maury Island, about nine miles north of Ta
coma, Wash., which was temporarily discon
tinued for renatrs to the machinery on Jan
uary 4, 1899. the fog signal will be sounded as
heretofore during thick and foggy weather on
and after this date, instead of January 16. 1809,
as stated in Local Notice to Mariners cf Jan
uary 5, 1599.
This notice affects the List of Lights and
Fog Signals, Pacific Coast, 1898. No. 1141 page
32. also the List of Beacons and Buoys, Pacific
Coast, 1897, page 6R.
By order of the United States Lighthouse
Board. GEO. C. REITER,
Commander. U. S. N., Lighthouse Inspector.
Office of United States Lighthouse Inspector.
Portland, Or.. January 10, 1899.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange. Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived oach day from the United States Naval
Observatory. Mare Island. Cal.
A notice Btatlng whether the ball -vaa dropped
on time or giving the «rror. if any. is published
In the morning papers the \£ 1 . lo ;' ln K?, a i'- „
Ll-utenant, TT. S. N.. in eharsre.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High an* Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by officlu au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) ebout
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both placts.
DAY. JAN"
VA
rises.. "4
sets ........5:13
i sets : 7:40 p. m.
C ITlmel Tlmel ITime Time
» ! Ft. Ft. I Ft. Ft-
!"HW| LW IHW L W
13 ... 1:04 6.11 R:ss] 2.61 12:001 «.2! 5:46!— 0.8
14 ... 1:44 6.4| 6:54' Z. 3! 12:56' 5.8| 7:51!— ".3
115 2:*5 5.5 7:55 2.0 1:581 5.31 8:161 0.3
16 ... 3:06! 5.61 9:01 1.7 3:00! 4.71 9:03' 0.9
17... 8:50! 5. Rl 10:11 1.4 4:121 4.3' 9:51 1.8
15 ... 4:381 6.7! 11:22! 1.0 5:32: 3.9! 10:->2' 2.1
19 ... 5:29| 5.81 12:30! 0.6 i 7:04! 3.8! 11 : 39 i 2.5
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early moraine tides are Kiven in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Th*
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right band column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
riven are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign — ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low wafrs.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydropraphlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
January 12. 1899.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building- was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. c.. at noon of thp l?Oth meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. T. P. N.. In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Jmatilla Victoria & Puget Sound Jan. 13
Czarina Puget Sound •. Jan. 13
s'ippin Maru.... [China and Japan (Jan. 13
?ons Bay INewport (Jan. 14
Alliance Portland Jan. 1*
""hllkat [Humboldt Jan. IS
;Vyefleld Xanaimo Jan. 15
-tateCalifornia : Portland 'Jan. 15
Thai. Nelson... I Pueet Sound I Jan. 13
Uoha [Point Arena [Jan. IS
North Fork....lHumboldt (Jan. IS
Corona ISan Diego I Jan. 18
Ifineola Tacoma 'Jan. I*s
Jueen Victoria & Puget SoundlJan. 17
«Jewberg Grays Harbor 'Jan. 17
?rescent City... Crescent City 'Jan. 17
[Humboldt 'Jan. 17
Empire Coos Bay Jan. 17
Orizaba ! Newport lan. 13
■"I ty of Sydney.! Panama !Jan. 19
Point Arena 'Point Arena I.Tan. 19
Vrcata ICoos Bay Man. 19
Columbia I Portland I.Tan. 20
santa Rosa ISan Diego Jan. 20
""ity of Rio 'China and Japan ! Jan. 29
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer
Dt^tination.
Columbia ..iPortland jjan. IS, 10 amtPier 2(
Veeott IC'oos Bay Jan. 14. in am Pip r I!
ianta RosaJSan Diego 'Jan. 14. 11 ami Pier 1;
't. .Arena..! Point Arena. .(Jan. 14, 3 pm'Pier :
Lrcata [Coos Bay Man. 14, 10 am Pier li
•omona ...IHumboldt Jan. 14, 2pm Pier I
[exloo Jan. 14. 10 am Pier 1]
i. Blanch'djCooa Bay Jan. 14, 10 am Pier X
Jmatill.'L ..jVic & Pgt Sd. Jan. 16, 10 am Pier i
loos Bay... [Newport Uan. 16, '.< a:n Pier r
... Oregon Ports. Jan. 1«, 10 am Pier 3
"hilkat — IHumljoldt Uan. 16, 2 pm'Pier II
>oric !rhina& Jajian .I:>.n. 17, 1 pm PMSS
'nrona Fan Dieg.j Uan. IS, 11am Pit 1
!olon [Panama Tan. 18, 12 mIPMSS
1. W.Elder Portland Uan. IS, lOam'Pier 2-
Irizabe .... Newport Uan. 2^, r< am Pier 1
'. Nelson.. Pugei Sound.. Jan. 20
SHII*PI\G I>TELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
, Thursday, January 12.
Stmr Samoa, Johnsen, 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr We*ott, Dunham, 90 hours from Ya- ;
qulna Bay and way ports.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 11 hours from i
j Point Arena.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. 60 hours from i
i San Diego, etc.
S:mr Pomona. Shea. 18 hours from Eureka. ■
Stmr Washtenaw. Croscup, 4% days from
i Tacoma. •
Hr stmr Bristol, Mclntyre. 4 days from De
parture Bay. -. .,'•
Ttr ship Drumcraig. Johnson, 173 days from
I Swansea, via Cape of Good Hope.
Ship Lucile. line, 17f.lays from Seattle, via
i Clallam Bay 14 days.
Br ship British General, Thomas, 119 days
I from Antwerp. .
Ship Henry B Hyde, Colcord. 112 days from
New York.
Sehr La Chllena, Matsen, 12 hours from Fort
Ross.
Schr Barbara Hernster, Jensen, 4 days from
Coquille River.
! Schr Allen A, Schage, 10 days from Grays i
| Harbor.
Schr Occidental, Brandt. 7 days from Eu
reka.
CLEARED.
Thursday. January 12.
Aus stmr Slam, Raiclch. Nanaimo; John Ro
senfeld's Sons.
j Stmr Columbia, Green, Astoria; OR & N 00.
SAILED.
Thursday, January 12.
Stmr Sequoia, Thwlng, Fort Brags
Stmr Orizaba, Hall Can Pedro.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Brldgett, Ventura.
Stmr Willamette, Hanson, Seattle.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson.
Etmr Brunswick, Andresen, Coos Bay.
V B stmr Yorktown.
Aus stmr Siam. Raiclch, Nanaimo.
Bktn Tarn o 1 Shanter. Peck, Wlllapa Harbor
Schr Wing and Wing, Simmie. Coos Bay
Schr Aloha, Jorgenson. Albion.
Schr Queen. Johnk, Port Gamble.
Schr Martha Tuft, Johnson, Grays Harbor.
CHARTERS.
The ship Henry B Hyde loads sur&r at
Honolulu for New York, $5 50.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Jan 12, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind SW; velocity 6 miles.
MISCELLANEOUS.
HALFMOON* BAY. Jan 12— A large Iron buoy
marked No 3 was washed ashore her* yester
day with about 40 fathoms of chain.
SPOKEN.
f Jan 4 26 N. 12S 17 W-Ship James Drummond.
from Philadelphia, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS. i
DEPARTURE BAY-Arrived Jan 11-Ship
American, hence Jan 3.
PORT LUDLOW-Sailed Jan 12— Ship Flor
ence, for Sydney. . :
PORT GAMBLE-Sailed Jan 12-Schr Bangor
lor ban Pedro.
SEATTLE— BaiIed Jan 12— Stmr Farallon, for
1 Dyea; st , mr Chas Nelson, for San Francisco.
Jan "-Jap stmr Yamaguchi MarU ' for Hong
kong and Yokohama. *
: za T A D^ 2 4 IVed Jan l2 ~ Bark B ' * Bonan
, •PORT ANGELES-In bay Jan 12-Ship S F
; Sargent, from Honolulu; Br ship Osborne; Br
j ship Montgomeryshire: bark Colma, hence Jan
2; bark B P Cheney, from Seattle, for San
Francisco.
In bay 'bound out Jan 12— Ship Dlrigo, from
Tacoma, for Queenstown: ship Columbia from
j Tacoma, for San Francisco.
I . ASTORlA— Arrived Jan 12— ship Wasdale,
hence Jan 6; Ger ship Margretha. from Santa
Rosalia; stmr Signal, from Seattle
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Jan Schr P
S Redfteld, from San Pedro; schrs Roy Bomers
i and Ruby A Cousins, hence Jan 6; schr Chas
i 5 Falk, hence Jan 4: ship Invincible, hence
i Dec 28: ship Yosemlte, from Honolulu. Jan 11— j
! Schr Wm F Witzemann, from Amoy : bktn I
I Katie Flickinger, from Honolulu; bark Vldette.
I from Santa Rosalia; brig Courtney Ford, from
; San Diego; Ger ship Rodenbek, from Shanghai.
Sailed Jan 12— Schr F S Redfleld. for . Ta
coma.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jan Schr R W
Bartlett, from Tacoma.
EUREKA— Arrived Jan Stmr North Fork,
hence Jan 11.
PORT BLAKELEY — Sailed Jan 11-Bktn
Willie R Hume, for San Pedro.
FOREIGN PORTS.
COLON— Arrived Jan 10— Stmr Advance, from
New York.
YOKOHAMA— Jan 11 -Haw stmr Az
j tec. for San Francisco.
RAILROAJ) TRAVEL.
WORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Perry.
FKOM SAN FHANCIsiCO TO .MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *7:2O, '3:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:45.
1:48, 5:15. 'c:*, 6:30 p. m. ,
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mondays.
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
6UNDAYS— »S:00, n0:00, »U:3O a. m.; i-.u.
1:00, »4:30. 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-5:25. »6:35. 7:45, »9:30 a. in."-
-•12:20. 2:20. »3:45, 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O, «8:00, »10:00, »U:66 a. m.-
-•1:16, *3:10, 4:40, »6:20 p. m.
Trains marked ■ start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— S:46. 6:46. 7:55, 8:40 a. m. :
12:15. 2:45. 3:50. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS^OO. 10:05 a. m. ; 12:05. 1:39, l:jo
• :00. 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
T :2O a.m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'na.
1:46 p.m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
1:20 a.m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way eta's.
RAILBOAD TRAVEL.
MIITIIKBN iPAVITtC M»HrAHT.
(PACIFIC hy»tbm.)
Trnlna |»i»v«< »••««• •»••«« «4u» to nrrlre at J
**•■■• " SAX riIANCINVW •-'■, *
(Main Line, Foot ot Market Street)
MtATK - - From Dec 18. 1898. - AKBrm
•0:OOa Hiles. San Jo»e ami \V»y Stations... •"»:«*
7.00*. H«.icia. Suisun and haoraiaeuto. ... 3:43,
7:««a Maryßville, Oro»Hle M>d Redding tls
Woodland 2*ls'
( 7:OOx Elmira, V»c*viUe and Bu:nsey .... »»4i,
7:3« a MMtiiier. San lUiuon, Vullojo, Naps,
(Ja>int<-gft and SnuU R0w......... 2 : "'
8:«Oa Atlantic Kxprew, O»-iloii and K»»t.. Httir
■i:i«a San Jose, LiTeriuore, Htucktoii,
lone. Sacraniouto, Plaoerrille,
M»rys»iilf. CUioo, Ue.l Hlurt I*J2 r
•»i»Oa •Milton, Oalul»le and Jamestown... «:l»r
9:O4*a. Martin Tr»cy. Lathrop, Stockton,
Moroed »nd Kregno .'-*. 1 2: 1 »r
•iOOa Fr««iio, Hakeritttel.!. "SanU <»"*.
T.OS Angeles, DeaiiDg. Xl I'mo,
New Orlo»m and Kaet. ........... ««|'Jr
I»:«m»a Vallrjo, Martinez and Way Stations 7t45»
l»:«O|f NUls, Uierinore, Stockton, .Sacra-
mento. Mendoto, Ilauford, Vlnaliik,
PwnerTlllo *il9r
M:oo?S»icr«.iaeiitolllverBtettiiior» •s):O«p
liO«i> Martina, Han ItMUOn, Vullejo,
Napu. «!nltPt.» 'm. .Santa Hoe» »il»»
4iOOr Benlcia, Vacafllle, B»eraiii«nt«,
Wn«..il.iu.:, Ki-i;;lit* Landing,
MarysTllli. Oriivlllr lOtl5A
4:30p Nilea, jJan .lone ami Btockton 7:15*
»:O«pBan Frrticieoo and Lo* Angeles
■- v ; ■ Llmittu. Fresno. B*kersnold, Los
A nut les .*. 9:43 a
B:30f Stocktou, Merced, Fresno 1«: i...
, 5:»0r Martinez, Tracy, I'ruilota, Fresno,
y-;.^-- Alojare, Bauui iTarbura and l.na
An,.,:,- SU.I4
TI5:OOP Paclfla Ccast Limited, El Paso,
Fort Worth. Little Rock. St.
Louis, Chicago and East {8:45 A
ll:S«r riant* FV Rents, At tic Kxnresa
tor Mojava ami Kast «>:i.->i-
«:OOr Kiirot)«nu Mull, <>K<lmi and Hunt.... M||
6:OOp Harwerdß, Niles and San .lose 7.--13 a
••:««!• Vallsjo 18:1
t?iO«p Valltjo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tion :9:45j
SiOOp Oregon Ki|i7«M,Ba<irameiit(>. Marys-
vllif, Kr'MiiiK. Portland, riifot
.Suimd ami l-'ast »il»a
«10t03p Sunset Limited. Freiuo, I.os
Angeles, Xl Paso, New Orleans
an,l East H:»f
SAN J.KAM>lt:> A> l» HaTWAKIps LO€Al,."*
( For,*; of Market Street.)
1 Mclre«.«, Smn!iiarr Turk, 7~ "
8:00* Fitchluirir, I Inil.ursl. 6i«sa
itf.-oOA San I.m n<lr», South Ka.« c«O:|.-v A
lO.OOa Leamlro, KttutliJlO, IO:4Ra
»II:OOa • Ureniso, Cherry jau.-Jr
S:»H»p »,,,| ' fl:4»p
2'«» P Hajnanls. *}\\*
4 :»Op { Runl tliro^, h to Nl|ea 4 ,43,
) t From Niles. (
COAST DIVISION (Narrow <Jan(re). ""
' (Foot of Market Street.!
8: 1 3 a Newark, Oen ten iUe. San Jose.l'olton,
Boulder Creek, Onw and Way
Stations .1:3 O»
*2:15p Newark, Oentsrvillo, San Jose, TXeir
Almaden. Fniton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Station* MO:5O/k
4il.Tp Newark. San .To»s and Loa Oatoa... 9:20 a
flli4sp Hunters' Eioorslon, San Jose and
Way Bt»tiona t* 8 * »
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtciSlK misClSCO— fool •' Uarket Street , 8) —
•7:18 9:00 11:011 a.m. tl:flO *2:33 |3:09
•1:00. tB:0O *fl:oor.¥.
frcai OiKl.lHD — TMltlttaivij.— "C:oo 8:00 10:00 i.M.
tl2:00 'I::: t3:00 *3:00 H:00 •8:00r.M.
COAST DIVISION (Uroad Gauge).
(Third i>iid Townsend Sta.) _^
7:«Oa San .Hue ku,l Way Stntimis (New "
Almadeii Wednesdays only) I<3O>
OiOOa Hh.i .!•»«. Tres I'luns. H.nU Cmi,
I'acillo Cmve l'ami - Hobles, Han
Luis oliisi><>. C.ii»dalu;>e, Surf aud
l'riiioliml W»y 51.if.1..i.» -lilOr
I«:4»A San .1 '« mid Way Htntmns '.t:»Ol
11:»Oa San Joae and Way Stations 8:33 a
*:t:43i-Saii Muteo, Ke.lvrt.od, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San Jose,
Gllr>>y, Hollbtor, Hanta Crux,
Salinas. Monterey and Paclllo
«ror« «IO:86a
Han. lose and Way Stations *!>:O<»a
♦ lilSr San .Tone and Principal Way Stations 0:43 a
•3««Op San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:!1.1a
.1:»Op San Jo»o and Principal Way Stations 5:30p
•I :::»!■ Ban Jose and Way Stations 7:30p
tlli4sr San .Tuscan.l Way ritatii.ng ;... 'V:3or
A for Morning. . V for Afternoon.
* Kniiiiaya »xceiiteil. * Sundays only, ♦ Saturdays only
■TMoodajs »nd Thursdays. dTunaday* and Saturdays.
|S»tii-'l ,v!a"-' W- In- ■ l»y>. 6Tliuri«i«T(» »nd Suni'avs.
CiLIFORNU NORTHWESTERN ST. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Xiburon terry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
TTEEK DAYS— 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 11:SS.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l j0
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:OO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:ia.
C:00, 6:20 p.- m. - »■«-» -,
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; ll:i».
3:40, 5:10 p. in. Saturdays— trips at
1:55 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40. 11:10 a. m. ; I:4*. 3:40,
1:00. 6.25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Par*.
same schedule as above. ■ i
Leave : Arrtv*
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
October 18, ■■
Week Sun- IS9B. Sun- Week '
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am 1:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
I:3opm 9:3oanv Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:15 am
1:10pm 6:o»pnf Santa Ross, 7:25pm «:22pna
I Fulton.
T:Joam Windsor. 10:»am
HealdHburf,
Lytton,
Geyserville.
l:3Cpm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:SSpm <:tlpm
Hopland and
7:30 am 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:Bspm «:2J pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle, 7:35 pm
1:30 pm . _ 8:22 pra
I:3oam 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am B:4oam
and
6:lopm 6:oopm Glen Ellen. 6:lopm «:22pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am]lo-26 am
3:30 pm 6:00 pm 7:35 pm| 6:2? pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
servllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs
Highland Springs. KelseyviUe, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Lierley's, Bucknell'a!
Banhedrin Heights. Hullvllle, Booneville, Orr's
Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Brags
Westport. Usal. Willitts, Laytonvllle, Cum!
ming's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dysr
Ecotia and. Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates..
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 660 Market st.. Chronicle bite.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
California
Limited
Santa Fe Route
Connecting- Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 3
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES-
DAY, FRIDAY. >
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. tho
following- Thursday. Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Eleotrio
Lighted Sleeping: Car.
This Train is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SKI FRANCISCO -TICKEfIFHCE— MBIEI H.
TELEPHONE MAIN 151 L
O&kl&nd Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— J Street.
San Josa Office— West Santa Olara Si
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Nov. 10, 1898, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. " North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Sunday grer.
Dally. Exc'ptd Stations. Exe'ptd Daily.
$ :20 am 10:30 am . Stockton 3:45 pm 6:50 pm
10:10 am 2:03 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:03 pm
11:40 am 6:30 pm Fresno ' 9:80 am 2:32 pm
12:88 pm 7:45 pm Hartford 7:45 am 1:35 pra
1:20 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:3oam 11 :25 am
12:68 pm 8:50 pm Visalia 6:4Oam| 1:15 pra
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections)
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 321 Market
street. Sao Francisco. . . . .
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalito Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing; Sunday
Kept. 11, IS3S: * |
Week .Days— a. m., 1:45 p. m. \/f
Sundays— 8:00. 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:18 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley. $1. ■$**
thos. cook & SON. Aieau. Ml Matk*
street, San Francisco. vGENOA WILL
NOW RACE IN
OTHER COLORS
Schreiber Loses His
Midget Flier.
BID UP IN A SELLING RACE
THEEE FAVORITES ITRST AT :
INGLESIDE.
'■ ' !
".■Hugh Penny Romped In — Merops i
: Led His Field Out at 30 to 1.
'.'.■:. Jo« Ullman Was Very ;
Speedy.
V ;• The Eastern writers have taken to writ
;.-... inie tales anent the hard luck of Barney
.■■l-£chreifcer, and Barney smiles withal. Yes
• ■•terday he lost a horse out of a selling
' • rae?; find the scribblers on the other side
• c.* the Sierras will have more to pea
; . -.about.
'". 'Barney smarted the saucy bit <">; rarin?
. '..rr.ors«ri. Genua, in a five furlong scram
'•' bis at InglesMe, and the company looked
"•-feo "trashy that the filly closed a 1 to 1
tholce. In a hard drive she downed S - l
,' -l':es a h^ad, ride as hard as Jack Ward
■ .tOold. The winner was in to be sold for
$::-:/. When put up to be sold "W. Lands
ciTS, owner of Nora Ives, bid her up to
\ |*». At that Sg-ure Trainer Dick Williams
. ctase-i to have a voice in the matter. and
 . tte daughter of Balgowan will hereafter
ra.ce in other colors.
As. Barney dumped the coin into the
• I'take-box" while booking on the next race
. he seemed supremely happy to think that
' '.the produce of his stock farm were grad
;ually finding their way into public favor.
.. The track was again muddy, and no
great amount of plunging was indulged
••• In by speculators. The opening event
■ was captured by a 30 to 1 chance, iie
•.. rops. In the remaining races decided
• .favorites were thrice successful.
. • Baaewor proved a most unwise selection
• . in the first number, failing to get within
the money. In a drive Powell came with
• a rush on Merops, beating The Fretter a
length.
The favorite. Rosinante. made a dismal
■ •". failure of it in the mile selling na that
followed. She was at sea from the start,
. never looking dangerous. It proved oniv
.•• a gallop for Hugh Penny, the second
choice, with Tomer ut>. . i bean took
the place easily from "Stamina.
•' Then cam-a a six furlong sprint, for
-"which Joe nixnan held full -—ay in the
. -betting. The chestnut horse won In a
• .common gaJio? from the 25 to 1 shot i'as
.. take. S:hn?iber'3 Sweet William gath
.' - ere<l In show honors.
'. ImperioTLS. the mount of "Skeets" Xar
'. "tin in the seven fnrloiig run. had first
: -call in the ring. Taking the lead before
; half the distance had been covered,
Dtinne's n«w purchase won. ridden out,
> -from Captive ilainstay, after showing
• sp4<?d oct in front for a piece, finished in
'; . tn* show.
: \ The ccncltid'.ng six furlong sprint went
'• .to Malay, which opened favorite an«i re
;.-.ce<i-id_to 3 to 1. Johnny Woods had the
v ffiOTznf, and. taking fr<3nt position in the
■ stretch; led Toribio over the line less than
■' '-a. length. The latter was post favorite.
Track Notes.
' :■ . Tod fDon and Charley Dwrer were ■
spectators at the track yesterday.
•'; Imperious ran fcr tha first time In the i
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
.!.■■.: ryGTTSTPi: BACE TBACK, Thursday. Jan. 12, 1899. — Twenty
-1: '<: ninth, lay of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine; track
.■': !•' muddy.
*'■ •• "^lO4 FTRST iULi — Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and uyill; purse, J4ool
H
V=J.
Ha.
to.
Str.
Fin.
■
Op.
. .«7 Mercps, ! ?? v S
477 The Fretter. 3 M I
.. • -315 I>i.-ro. € K» 3
-'• • "(too Ocktnrnck. 4 lU' 1
*A AThaja, 3 3S: 5
, • - 4r3 Wteat KJ*?. 3 H 4
- 4^ "anewor, 3 34 1
4U- Our Johnny. 5 117 3
4-2 ?tt.t>. 4 ICt 7
7 I
1 4
5 to
»
3 3
1 r>
It
4 1
«*4
1 1
I
2 %
4 »i
T 2
5 1
3%
1 1
: 1
4 :i
« 2
5 -1
" i 3
I 1
a
11 :. Powell ' 13 ?>
2 h |'"Woo-is I 5-2 14-5
3 1 IMacklin V> M
4 4 Turner f 15 15
5 4 W. H. Martinj 15 23
S 2 Gray ! IS »
7 3 liloNicho^ ...I <5-5 8-5
8 4 [Henneasy ! g 8
i Hrtuck ; 13 25
V .' Time— i;. :ZZ\: *-i. :5-7»i; %. V.lTri. Winner. WTDIam Boots A Son's eh. c. by tni?.
. ' Bmtus-llir- TJe. God start. Won it three driving.
: ■." ■ ■ Banewor Is of little accocnt. Menpe .i.i» a game finish of R. Company Wl I too se-
■' ■. !»ct for Z&rr->. Okturuck came fast at the end. Oar Johnny didn't haTe It with him, fool-
.' • .- ' lnr <v-:it» a few.
: • ''• " F."ratche-I— Pc Los Reyes 1».
' • 1 -r**-year-ol.la a^ri upward; purse, 1500.
- I ■
'-«-
4n.
Kb
-
F!n.
1
Jockeys.
I Op.
•"• • U»3) Hiph Penny, a 111! 4 2 3 3 4 35 11 13V Turner... , : I
•••■ -. (IST) Resells, 3 8»t I lh 12 lh ♦3 23 Houok ' ? ID
• 431 Stamina. 3 83! 6 4 S Jl 3 2 II ! J. BeiS j 3 12
'. : ' ■• ." in P.osiointe, 5 106 1 5 1 5*4 4 1 4h 4h iThorpc 7-10 4-5
:; ' . 4il Myth. 3 l«i 3 3t 3 1 £2 ES 510 Rsttar 112 40
• .■-••. 4,' a Cr:myelL 8 Ig3| 5 4 3 4 •-. i « 1' W. H. Martini t 25
•:. =\.- ' Tim*— '^ :V.\: U. 50%; H. l:ir^; mile. 1:«*;. Winner. F. W. Doss & Co.'s b. cby
••■ Lisie niackturn-Mau^ Waril. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
"•. ■• • Pecr.y *roa with ridtailona ea*e. Myth lost h.s mad nniaber. CrcmweU bled. Not
'.'•. ' • unllVe her s»x. Rostnante »'aj trouble-; with the "blues."
:"• •■■' (!^r)f> THIRD RACE— Sti furlongs; s<!llin<; four-ye-ir-olda and upward; pane, $500.
■ ■■-. :
ttoa.
Ha.
\^n.
-
Fin. ;
Joclwys.
B-1
top.
. •..'••• 455 Jo« CUoaan. 5 107[ 3 ... 42 12 14 is Ratter I 4-5 4-5
• ... , -<js Cwtake. 4 104 I ... 3 4 5 4 3U 2 h W. H. Martin' 13 r?
•-. ■. •• £61 S*«t WlHia.ni. 5..110 5 ... 5 3 4'i 24 3 2 'v Turner S 12
■;.■ .. (i74> Coda. 1 .....IK S ... «4 «10 5Jj . H 'flray ...;.:;" M «
.„• ■ *?5 liady BrttaanJe. 5-.l« 1 ... • ■ 3-, 8J 5 2 !Pow-Il - 20
.; ■■ 483 Pat Murrhy. a 10714 ... lh ) 1 v « 4 Hoock ? to
:". • V Tar-'-hota. 4 J<al 7 .... 7-7 7 ' ;Fall»hy M 200
y ■ Th-r^g S-2 14-5
:: :'.-- •■ .'•• • " >i>>rt. ~
.'• •• •• Ttae— H, SSU: % -"H: K. 1:1«4- Winner. Dck» & W.shari's eh. rby R!ley-HatU«
■ -.'• ■ Harris. Oood start pxcept Wycininir. Won ea-«!ly. Second and third vu * lv «
■:.:• :••;■•' Joe Cltman won like his namesake. Caatake -vs* faTorlte In a cm« the '<j a y nre-rlcms
f .-.:. .~W>a A . ET.IIV La.ly Eritannlc re-reired a touching, sympathetic ride. Coda la ««*tinr
• ••■ V to b.- qafte a sprinter. ■ - a - «*
• S ratchM— Prince Tyrant 107. Robert Bonner 107. Una Colorado 187 rhint^rd 10T Th«
'■ '-.'.; '••£»(") "7" FOURTH RACE- Saven furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; purse, 1400.
;_; in.l^r Horse. Age. .Weigbt.ist. Hm. Km. **m- Str. Fin. ! Jockeys. 'Op."'"!
; : '--= ';*I9 tmpntoa 4 lsfs 2~« ilj 1! Tui Im H Martin «1 i
:•: . •. 444 C*ptlT«.-| 111! 3 1 3 1 2 2 2 3 2 1-! Tho". \% A
-■■ ■ :'■■ 4«", Mainstay, a..: 112 1 1H 11 3« 3» 3 !■) !X. Tu-n'ir "" 3 it"?
.:•••.•• I •<:«> J c Mussle, 5. ...... .112; J 4 4 4 4 4 Ba««1nW- 1,10 %v»
.;■ •.•.•:•■•. -.431 MartetlO^S ?*' 4 • McNIcSSs ''.'.{ 2-) «
'r ':'■" ■■■ ! Cutaway, g 11;: t iMacltlln .....;| tO 30
:•."■.. . ?L~V-l«- t . " V. :3.-Ai: «ii. I^3Hr %. 1:33. Winner, P. Dunne's b.  by lla-.!!0.n.t M
.-•.••• Bcrateh. F-wr start. Won first thr-e drtvtnjr. . r ,'".•' s. Dy iiorello-Helea
V- .'•'■ '• The winner was rf<i>!en to perfection. Captive went the long route. Too far far M*ln-
■•■.'■.. ■'[ 50S FIFTII R-^E— Five furlongs: s*ll!n?; three-year-olds; purs«, «00. ~— — —
■...••Jni«.. Hrs.. Weight. 'St. Km. Ha. ILm. Str. Fin. j Jockeys. -^"ct
fim.
«4ni.
■
Fin. [
Ji^keys.
:op.
t
I
Weight.; St.
' Km.
Hm.
**».-•
Per.
«b.
■
i Bel
I Op.
• *» 2- <ru V-- !"; : ... IS 1 : 14 1 h J.Ward — --
-•. ■ . ■ JiJ Nora ?v«« .....107! 3 ... 2 2 -JJ 23 2-■ |W. H Martin " i-
■-■ ■ jn/Ancbrred 112. •- ... 314 31 3 2 3•! iTV>"» 2 l 3
..• . . . " I 4 3
,:" ... 4JbI« «« Rmter ...
" I 7 : ;;. g
:' ■ . GooS'Sa^ W^f^t^rUdrivlng 4 - Winner. B. Schretber*. b. I. *»rSiiow^pSis:
'- 1 " a awn^oke"/ tacklng up " t^ ! * en<l - Anchored seems to have lost his speed. Don't Tell 's
"•■ : ' "- 509» SIXTH RA CE-Sii furlongs; g * nin « : three-year-olds and npwardTp^rseTVwo.
;.
■ -
-*im.
Hn».
%m.
Btr.
Fin.
Jockeys.
R-ttlri*
• ". 471 SCalajr. 3: .'....:. 38 4
• • •' :?"5 Torlblo. < III! 1
". . 457 Am Page; 3..: W; 3
■ ' . ZS4 Don Fuiano, a 117; 5
43« Ping 4 1M; S
.. * 41$ E!M*d, 4 114! 7
■' ,';',■ 477 Poremua, 3 Ml 8
•' ' ' •" «20 Zorrazj, 5 117. 2
4 h
Z h
4 !
-
S
1 1
2 h
3 V
4 3
5 *4
•5 2
T 10
8
IV, J. Woods I 5 3
2 £ Thorpe | 3 „ i
3 4 {Gray ! i U^
- 4 1 Hennessy c £
5 4 Rut* - i £i
8 2 Tallehy ....... i j 2 A
725 J. Ketff. ;i" j_i
8. Turner ; 12 jg
• ■-•_ g?^^ :^^ :^ :^n. w^r^s^ A Und's br. r by Imp Pt^t«
': .-^ W^ s rode * K 7 at P 0 * i O ,, 111 ! w ln=«-- Thorpe waited altogether teo lon* with Toriblo.
■ .■:._. a^Tla "tooted" Illdil P " ° <M " t0 ° laaciou * tor Plne - Sleepy, dreamy, drowsy Fallen^
colors of Pat Dunne. After capturing
the fourth event the gelding was boosted
$300 over hie entered selling price of $200
by "Mooes" Taylor, the former rider.
Though business Is not of the rushing
sort Is the ring, nineteen p«ncll<TS cut In.
Martelic. owned by J. B. Dyer, and a
starter In the fourth event, was so badly
cut down that It was found necessary to
destroy the Mcrello colt.'
The ride of Johnny Woods on ilalay
was a capital saddle effect, and It does
not speak well for some of his sleeplsh
efforts in the past.
On Saturday next trainer-owner Fred
Edwards will receive the following con
signment of two-year-old racing material
from the San Jose establishment of J.
Naglee Burke: 3. c. by Fouls ho t-Bema;
br. f. by Foulshct-Rosette; b. f. by Foul
shot-Why Not: b. c. by Foulshot-Reta;
br. c. by Imp. Brutus-Irish Lass.
Thirteen superbly bred brood mares, the
property of V,'. 08. Macdonough, will be
sold this forenoon at Killip & Co.'s sales
yard, corner of Market street and Van I
Ness avenue. Four are in foal to the noted j
stallion St. Carlo and nine to Dr. Nave, i
a son of Prince Charlie.
To-Day" s Entries.
First Race— Six furlongs: selling.
409 Felicite S3 509 Don Fulano 115
13 Hannah ReM 99 «1 Cherrystone ...us
£U -Wir-iJred S9 4»=9 Gratify 113
473 Santa Lucia 112 23S Henry C 113
333 Alvero 112 ISS Silverado 122
353 Eeaoimocde 112. ... Bamiro 122
Second '.-.-» — furlongs; three-year-olda
and up: selling: purse. $400, of which $30 to
second and Xli to tfcini horse: SSCO weight for
ajire: two pjunda ailcweii for each 100 down to
tort; ectr!^ close at Inglesida track at 9 o'clock.
Friday. January 13.
Third Rac*— On© mile; ■elllnj: orer four
hurdles.
4?i Smvl* IS! 504 Our Johnny . 138
415 P F 143; 4M Tortont ....144
4SS Jo« Cctton 144 1 44T Our Ciinaate 144
4SS Major S ...1341 ... Col. B»rtl«tt 13S
416 Viking Ml l
Fourth Race — Six fortoaca: iellfc*.
£01 Zainar n MTi aCti ■Wyoming ... 17!
49C Tr.a C010rad0.. ..1.T7. &7T Mainstay ... 110
4i4 Durward IOJ icl Pat Morrissey...li7
Fifth :.ace — On« mite; selling.
C€2)Potente 194. SS7 Dick Behan 112
5'H Zaxro 19) B0« Ceda. 107
4^ R.>Jx?rt Bcnner..l'-J 431 Lady Hurst 107
455 Lodestar 1331
Stith Race— Seven furlongs: parse.
43>5 tin TSj 456 Frank Jaubert..r?S
47? Glensaber . SS< 495 Petrarch 117
4*7 San Aueustlne.. ?0 ... Mercutio 122
4;h? Jer.n!e Reid S9 456 None Such .. 56
5At OoktTiruck 10* 437 Whaleback S€
503 E'.ldad 105 i
Selections for To-Day.
First Winifred, Hannah Reii, Den Fa
lano.
Second Rac« — Entries net at hand.
Third Raoe— P ¥ Our Climate. Joe Cotton.
Fourth Race— Pat Mvi I IT. Zamar, Wyona
lny.
Fifth — Priest*. Robert Bonn«r. Lady
Hurst.
Sixth Raee— VThaleback. Jensle Reid, mm.
Nursed by a Police Officer.
There are but few men who while sick |
: have the distinguished honor of being |
. nursed by a police officer, but Peter Al
len, who is suffering from measles and :s j
an Inmate of the City and County Hos
pital, is one of mm favored. This at
tention is not because the city authorities
are afraid of Peter's death, and that If it j
should occur the community would lose a.
valuable member; on the contrary, It is i
that Peter's presence is sought at the big j
red building over at San Quentia. Allen .'
is charged with the crime of burglary in i
stealing some valuables on Fourth street j
and having the brazen audacity to stop j
the owner of the stolen goods on the street
shortly af:rr stealing them and request I
him to buy his owl property. For this j
offense he" was arrested and held in I
prison, and while there his ruling passion
again overcame him and he picked up i
the measles. He was removed to *he bos- j
pital and an officer was detailed to see \
that he does not make his escape until a i
jury passes on his case. '
■ m ■
The 2ly3tery cf Tokio, a capital j
Japanese ■ story, by Masrx Miyaka-wa j
and Eobert Duncan Milne, in next i
Sunday's CalL I
THE SA>" FRANCISCO CALL, FEIDAT, JANUARY 13, 1899.
SAN JOSE'S TREASURER
FOR A SINGLE DAY
After a Brief Incumbency Emil G. Levy
Tenders His Resignation to
Mayor Martin.
SAN' JOSE. Jan. 12. — This city Is again without a Treasurer. After hav
ing: filled the office for one short day. Emil G. Levy has resigned. This last
act was a surprise and many sensational stories are afloat in regard to it.
Levy say he resigned because of his business, -which would not allow him to
devote any time to city affairs. Knowing ones say Mayor Martin demanded
his resignation when he found the young man was lacking some requisites
necessary for the office.
The naming of Levy by Mayor Martin for City Treasurer was a surprise
to the politicians and the public generally. City Treasurer Ewing died on
December 31 and a few days later Martin named Joseph F. Colombet for the
place. Colombet had held the office for several terms and proved an effi
cient officer. The Council refused to confirm him because he was anti
gang and had taken a prominent part In the charter election. A second
time the Mayor sent in Colombet's name and it was rejected. On Tuesday
he named Levy, and the Council immediately confirmed him. Yesterday
Levy arranged his bond and this morning he was formally installed.
Shortly after 5 o'clock this afternoon Levy called on Mayor Martin and
tendered his resignation.
Treasurer's office has now been closed for twelve days and business
Is being impede-: _ :• 13*5,000 of city b:>nds and Interest became doe
»re was no Treasurer to pay it. The office '.vas opened to-day, but
Levy was unable to reaoh the money in -he Inn-r vault, as Ewing left no
: tr& ■' the combination of the safe. An expert i 3 expected from San
to-morrow to open the -
irs of age and a member of the firm of J. H. Levy & Co
The Council will not l I until next Monday, but it la not belfevpd
■ ~:!i wait ur.til then to name the Treasurer. In all proba
bility a special Council meeting will be called to-morrow.
SHARKEY MAY MEET
BIG JIM JEFFRIES
First of All the Sailor Will Be Given
the Best He Has
Earned.
NEW YORK, Jan. 12.— Tom O'Rourke,
manager of Tom Sharkey, said to-night
that the tone of Jeffries' challenge was
such as to leave the Impression that
the Califomian meant what he said
and he mip^t. after all. give him the
first opporj;.«Tiity for a fight.
"There are so many desirous of meet
ing Sharkey that for the present I am.
undecided what to do," said O'Rourke.
"As I have already said, I intend to
give the sailor a rest, in view of the
fact that he has been fighting almost
continuously for the last three years.
Fitzsimmons, Corbett, Maher, McCoy .
and others all desire a chance at him."
Regarding the report that he would
take Sharkey to England to fight
Charlie Mitchell. O'Rourke said he '
might make the trip if there were
enough money In it. He received a
cablegram from Mitchell to-day and I
answered it, asking whether it was to
be an exhibition or a fight for a purse
offered and before what club.
ROCK FOR THE SAN
PEDRO BREAKWATER
Work of Quarrying Will Be Begun
on San Clemente Island
at Once.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 12.— J. A. Anun
sen. who has charge of the San Pedro
Harbor work for N-u & Hddctnaler,
th* 1 contractor?", sailed for San Ciemente
. x on the tug Her
cules. A force of eighteen men la now
employed or. the island surfacing the I
hill from which stone will be quarried
for the breakwater. The stationary !
-re lifting derricks, cap
able of hoisting tons of rock at one
raisin?, will be taken to San Ciemente
on M-/nday on the barge which has
been constructed at San Pedro. A
ncr carrying framing tin
keel and sides t'>r the first dumping I
barge, which will be built at Terminal :
Island will arrive from the north on (
Friday. Work on constructing their
own protective breakwater began to
day.
One Winning Favorite.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 12.— Weather
cloudy; track heavy. Jackanapes was
the only successful favorite. .
First race six and a half furlongs.
Tragedy won, Branch second, David third.
Time", l:2«i- ■
Second race, six furlongs. Mr. Johnson
won Our Nellie second, Beckon third.
Time, 1:13. „ * , ,v^
Third race, selling:, one and an eighth
miles Admetus won, Basquil second.
Schoolgirl third. Time. 2:00*.
Fourth race, selling, six furlongs. Dorah
Wood won. Oath second, Minnie Weldon
third. Time, 1:15. ■ ' . ; .
Fifth race, one mile. Jackanapes won,
Plnkey Potter second, Ennemia third.
Time, 1:46.
Elkes Outpedals McDuffle.
KSW YORK. Jan. 13.— Harry Elkes
beat Eddie McDiiSie of Boston In a
twenty-flve-mlle paced contest in Madison
Square Garden very easily to-night by
nearly a. mile and a quarter, .
GOES TO AID THE
CANAL ADVOCATES
H. P. Wood Sent to Washington as
the Representative of South
ern California.
LOS ANGELES, .Jan. 12— The prelimi
nary work done by the executive com
mittee of the Southern California Nica
ragua Canal Association was rounded out
to-day by the selection of H. P. Wood of
San Diego as the first delegate to go to
Washington to take up the fight in be
half of the construction of the canal.
Wood is the Hawaiian Consul at San Di
<?so. and has extensive interests In Cali
fornia and Sandwich Islands. He is one
of the stanchest adherents to the cause
in this section. His own interest In the
matter makes him willing to give his
time gratis, he only asking the associa
tion to pay a part of the actual expenses.
Wood Is a personal friend of Senator
Morg-an. who is the leader in the move
ment at Washington, and has a wide cir
cle of Influential friends at the capital
He will start for "Washington on Wednes
day next, and will stop in Los Angeles
for a final conference with the executive
committee. ,:"
The latest favorable information re
garding the canal comes from R. c Ke
rens, who is in "Washington, stating that
the outlook is exceedingly bright. He
has promised his aid In behalf of tha
measure.
BOAD SYSTEM CRITICIZED.
State Highway Commission Files an
Extended Report.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. L..— The state
Highway Commissioners to-day filed a
voluminous report with the Governor, In
which the road system of the State Is
severely criticized and shown to be waste
ful. The report concludes with an elabo
rate table In detail setting out what each
county of California has expended on
roads and bridges from 188$ to the close
of the fiscal year 1537. The totals axe
-ISSS-1335. $18,323,915 25; In I*os-I*9s SI s*r -
121 25: in 1536-1357, $1,783,122 91; . total, 'coi-
John L. Beecher Dead.
STOCKT' >N. Jan. 12.— John L. Beecher,
one of the best-known pioneers of Sari
Joaquln County, died this afternoon at
his home place, four miles from Stockton
after an Illness of several months. He
was I ' ftC<l a.-. 1 leaves a widow"
four sons and one daughter, the latter the
f Sheriff Sibley. His eldest son b
ex-Assenihlyman Be*rher.
The only Socialist Mayor in all
America tells how a city should be
governed, in next Sunday's Call.
LATE SHIPPING I.VTELLIGRVrP
ARRIVED.
Thursday. January II-
Etmr Senator, Patterson. ■ days from ita
nila, vfa Nagasaki 20 days 2 hours.
Schr Mary Gilbert/ Schroder, li days from
San Pedro.
Stmr Arcala. R*ed, Si boars from Ccos Bay,
via Port Orford 44 hours.
Stmr Chllkit. Anderson, 29 hours from En
reka.
Stmr Cmatllta. Cousin*. 74 boars from Ylc
t/>rta and Puset Sound ports.
Stmr Sunol. Jacobs, S3 hours from Knappton.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT BLAXELEY— Arrived Jan 11— Snip in
vincibl*. from Port Townsend; ship Florence
from Port Ludlow. *
Sailed Jan 12— BXtn "W R Hum*, for San
Pedro.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Jan 13— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, from New York.
NAPLES— Arrived Jan 13— Star Aller. from
New York.
GENOA— Sailed Jan IS— Stmr Kaf»«r W!l
--helm II for New York.
QUEENS TOW>*— Sailed Jan 18— Stmr Teu
tonic for K«w York.
NEW YOKK— Arrived Jan 13— 6tmr rurne*
i;l frsza Glasgow. -'1.-'-
BOLD CRIME
OF A WOMAN
AND TWO MEN
Gave a Sailor "Knock-
Out" Drops.
HE IS LIKELY TO DIE
ONE OF THE BOBBERS IS UN
DEB ARREST.
Their Victim Is a Member of the
Crew of the McCuLloch, Which
Gained Fame In the Re- "
cent War.
Policeman Meyers or the Southern Sta
tion, ■while patrolling hi 3 beat on Howard
street last night, discovered two men In
the act of robbing a sailor, who seemed
to be helpless from the effects of liquor.
Meyers managed to atTest MM of them
and took him to the City Prison. He gave
the name of "Jack" Anderson, and
claimed that he was employed in a whole
sale house or. Sanaome street. ■: .-
The supposed drunken sailor was
veyed to the Receiving- Hospital, W
an examination, disclosed that he was
suffering from morphine potsoning. His
peckers wen turned Inside out, indicat
ing that he had been robbed.
The arresting officer la convinced that
Anderson and his pal who elu' j.
llceman gave the unfortunate sailor
•'kr.ock-ouf drops and as he fell helpless
on the sidewalk they robbed i.
The Victim la a sailor on the United
S*-a:es BhJp McCulloch, named Her.— .-
Busson. It Is claimed by his asso
ciates on the ship that he had
over $200 when he wad given s'..
After leaving the vessel he waa see
a saloon en the -x-.'.^r front, drinking
with Anderson and another man, who is
supposed to have assisted Anderson in the
robbery.
According to Officer Meyers' statement
his attention was first attra to the
sailor by a boy. who told him that two
rr.en were trying to rob a man as he lay
helplessly drunk on Howard street.
Late last night the sailor had not re
covered c B surgeons
at the hospital feared he would no:
according to several eitlaens, whose
names the police refuse to divulge, the
unfortunate sailor was first seen with a
woman, who met him as he was leaving
the McCulloch. She took him to a sa
loon on Howard street, near First, and
waa shortly afterward joined by Ander
son and his companion in crime. Aft r
emerging from i the wotaax
the party after a whispered conversation
With Anderson. It was only a short time
afterward that I - r was fouo -
Howard street with Mfl pockets turned
inside out and Anderson and hia pal
standing over htm. The police at
Southern Station think
man, and every effort will b« made to
tind her.
FAST DOGS WIIX BUN.
Eighty of the Fleetest Greyhounds of
the State Will Course at
Ingieside.
The drawing- t< g stake for the
Ingleside Coursir.g Park took place last ;
evening- at Pythian Castle and resulted '
aa follows:
The prizes are $100, $65, $45; next two
$32 &>- each; next five $25 each; next ten
$15 each; next twenty $7 50 each; total 
purse $?>}. Result:
F. Murphy's Lady Grace vs. Kelly & Burkes
Gactl* Annie: Kay & Trant's Masterpiece vs.
J. McGrath's Mister; T. M .Tan's Flying Faster
vs. O. Khman'a Fireman; F. A. Esqulval's
Peaceful Glen vs. D. Ford's Bonita: G. Reddy'a
Bend vs. Ha.- ! & Smith's Juny Wilson;
T. Hall's M!ss Skyball vs. Conn«ll Bros.' Sen
orita; J F. Mack's Jesse Moon vs. Lord &
Herbst's Kerry Gow: Joe Perry's. Fedora vs.
J. McCormlclc's White Tip; Handy & Smith's
Dauntless vs. J. Farley's Tullamore; James
Byrne'* Nelly B vs. H. C. Deckelman's Sun
beam; Captain Clarkson's Conqueror vs. Gib
son & Moore's Decency; Larkey & Rock's
Emerald vs. F. A. Farming's BaDe Murphy; J.
Murn&se's Miss Dividend vs. G. Smart's Si'k
wood: F. Moran"s Snapshot vs. J. O'Dowd'a
Scout: H. Lynch' s Loyalty va. Curtis Sc Son's
Cavalier; J. Farley's Mystic vs. H. A. Deck
elman's Rocklln Belle; T. J. 'r — ..-. i Maid of
Ball vs. W. Glasson's Joy Bells; T. J. Cro
nin's Arab vs. Lowe & Thompson's Quick
sttxch; D. Ford's Hayseed vs. A. Johnson's
Tod Sloan; J. OUen's Sunburst vs. D. Hooper's
Prince of Fashion: J. McGrath's White Wedga
vs. E. M. Kellosrg-'s Lady Gilmore; Lord &
Herbst's Revolver vs. H. Lynch's Mystic Maid:
Dennis & Porter's Interesting vs. J. Keeoan's
Black Lock; A. Johnson's Mountain Beauty vs.
Ford i- I aits' a Torsido: James I. O'Brien's
Statesman vt. H. Weber's Montana; Russell &
Wilson's Glanrosa vs. Kay & Trant's Sylvia;
,F. Moran's Van Kirk vs. Russell & Wilson's
Lady Her3chel: D. Healy"s Matchless vs. E. M.
Kelloyg'a lowa Girl; T. T. Lcean's Miss Griz
zle vs. E. Fltzpatrtck*s Free "Silver Boy; M.
Allen's Wai Alice vs. H. Lynch's Liberty: E.
Massey's Hattel vs. Connell Bros.' La* Boy:
Larkey & Rock's Hercules v«. Joe Perry's Com
modore Nash, J. Jones' Gallvant vs. Handy &
Smith's Pretonius; T. Mack's Black Patti vs.
Kay & Trant's Diana; J. McCormlck's Wood
bine vs. Larkey & Bock' a Van N>*2a: D.
Hocp«r'« Benalong 1 vs. Hurley & Relay's O X,
Capital; H. Glassoa's Sylvaniu3 vs. T. J. Cro
nin's Iron Duke: G. Lafcussius' Preclta Girl vs.
D. Healr*" Sweet Marie; E. M. Kello&g's lowa
Boy vi. S. Newman's Red Cloud: P. O'Don
nell's Counterfeit vs. T. Hall's Florence X.
Probable winners are Lady Grace. Master
piece. Flyjn? Faster. Bonita, Jenny Wilson,
Senprlt*. Kerry Gow, White Tip, Dauntless.
Nelly B. Conqueror, Babe Murphy, Silkwood,
Snapshot, Cavailer. Rocklin Belle. Joy Bells.
Quiekstltch. Tod Sloan. Sunburst. La!' Oil
more, Mystic Maid. Interesting. Mountain
Beauty, Statesman, Glenrosa, Lady Hersclie!,
lowa Girl, Free Silver Boy. Miss Alice. Log
Boy, Hercules. Petronins. Diana. Van Nuda.
OK Capital, Sylvanlus. Precita Girl. lowa Girl.
Sergeant Catapbell's Wife Dead.
Sergeant Shadrick Campbell of the Sev- I
enteenth-street police station is In gTlef
over the loss of his wife, who died last j
night at 7 o'clock at the family residence, j
239 Guerrero street. Up to a week ajro
Mrs. Campbell was in the enjoyment of !
food health; at this time a sister, Mrs. j
effress, took sick and died, and while |
attending the funeral Mrs. Campbell
caught cold, which turned into typhoid
pneumonia and stayed with her until the
fatal moment when it carried her away.
"Scotty." as the boys good naturedly love
to call him. feels the loss of his compan
ion keenly as they have lived ■ most lov
ing and devoted life. One son, aged 13
years, is left to mourn the loss of a good !
mother. Mrs. Campbell, whose maiden |
name was Foley. was raised on Telegraph i
Hill, where her parents were well known i
and highly respected. She was ranked i
among the handsomest of the native
daughters of the Northern Heights. She
was a woman of comma" presence, '
and was much sought after in the circle I
of society in which she was at all times a
welcome' guest.
Kearney-Byington Contest.
The Kearney-Byington contest was
taken up again by Judge Belcher yester
day morning, and at the close of the day' 3
session nine precincts of the Forty-firth
District had been counted and ninety-six
ballots had been ca.»t out. The throwing
out of these ballots was beneficial to By-
Ington, &8 out of the number he only lost
thirty-two votes, while Kearney'.-; num
ber was reduced sixty-four. Irregulari
ties in nine ballots also resulted i: their
being cast out to the Injury of neither
party.
From the Foreroyal to Death.
The ship Henry B. Hyde arrived In port
yesterday 112 days from New York The
voyage was uneventful, except on the
early morning of September 22, when Sea
man Johann Brufrman fell from the fore
royal yard overboard. The ship was run
ning: under pr - of sail, and although
everything possible was done to save htm
nothing was seen or heard of him after
he struck the water. The Hyde arrived
off the heads on "Wednesday, but could
not cross the bar.
Wedded at St. Luke's.
On<» of the prettiest weddings of the ;
season took place last night at Sc L
! Clrarch when Miss Addle Sparrow, only
daughter of A. J. Sparrow, and Geonre
: B. Waterman were milted by. the Rev.
iyu H. Morelaßd. The church was crowd
ed with the relatives and raanv friends
lof the happy pair. After the ceremony
i a reception was held at the residence of
I the bride's parents. 1515 Vallsjo street,
where a dainty supper was served. Th-.
presents were numerous and costly, j
George B. Waterman, the groom, holds j
a responsible position with the firm or |
j Shrere & Co. of thte efty: '. -tr."
I PAST THE CEUTTJBY MASK
Frances W. Cashman Died at the
Good Old Age of 103.
The death of Mrs. Frances W. Cashnian '
at the grood j old age of 103 .rears add 3
one more to the record of the few who i
live to pass the century mark. The de
et?ased, who was born In Ireland, had
been a resident of this State for a um
ber ef rears, and had resided In San Jose.
from which place she was removed is •
the Magdalen Asylum when her health
commenced to fail. At this institution
she died on Thursday, after having cele
brated her 103 d birthday. Vp to a few
years as. She . retained her mental and
physical faculties, and was enabled i.o !
give a history of the many events that t
occurred before California was heard of |
except as a missionary settlement- Her
relatives in San Jos? had the body
shipped to that place far interment.
Opposed to the Park Extension.
The West of Castro Street Improvement !
Club does not favor the extension of the '
Golden Gate Park Panhandle from Bake* i
to Van Ness avenue. At a meeting of. j
the club or. ; last Wednesday night the :
following' resolution was adopted:
Re-solved, That ■. - club vigorously protests
aguirm th» rnjposeii bending 1 of the city for
the purpose of purchasing certain property for
the extension of Goldes Gate Park Panhanrlia
In view of the tact that th» outlying: districts
ar« urjrently to need of sanitary school build*
lints, .electric, llshta, Bra prctection. sewers,
etc; and b» It further
Resolved, That a p-tltioa b« sent to the
Board of Supervisors a.«sdns that these much
needed Improvements be provided for '.- tie
next tax levy^
UNCLE SAM MiNE
CHANGES OWNERS
Famous Property at Kennet to Be Re
opened After a Period of
Idleness.
REDDING, Jan. 13.— The Uncle Sam
at one time one of Ca
is gold producers, has passed Into
J . a company represented by
C 8a
:s located at Kennet. in this county,
: nttea
g Company. It was discovered by
J. W. Conant and a I I the Sierra
mpany for i: mine
- ich a splendid gold producer,
ig out dividend after dividend with
it clock-work, that the
ai .il News ; lid it the com
_ ) of 1
prop*rti-»s Er- irere for:-..
enough to secure in America. -
■a ago the ore bodies
were considered exhausted and work in
iras suspended. The prop
erty has iain idle since that tim
lt :- - irles Butler? is associated
with Mr. Deakin in the purchase and the
mine will be at once reopened and the
rehabilitated. Mr. Butlers
■ .
for a number 1 -
he was at the head
and ore
treat: - ■ ■ '..and. It is
- em magnificent prop
erty will be prepared far fiotat; 1
I m.
STATE OF ANARCHY
THROUGHOUT FORMOSA
Bandits Overrun the Island Despite
the Recent Japanese
Victories.
OMA, Jar.. 12.— The steamship Ta- j
coma brings news that an awful state of
anarchy prevails throughout Formosa,
despite the recent victories of the Japan- I
ese 'troops over the Vormosan bandits. ;
The latter have ascort of mountain and I
forest strongholds, and readily move to •
another when routed from one. A3 a
rule they do not risk their numb- in
open battle, but prefer guerrilla warfare.
Writing from Twattutia, a well Informed
native correspondent says the Japanese j
are obliged to keep close to a few cen- !
ters where there are garrisons. In
Southern and Central Formosa It Is dan- (
gerous for foreigners to go beyond the ■
strictest treaty port limits. :
Business throughout Formosa Is at a
standstill. The correspondent declares
ti»at commercially Formosa has retro- j
graded very markedly since Japan an- i
nexe-; it. This has resulted largely from j
the refusal of the natives and Chinese i
to cut off their queues and forego other |
ancient customs which the Japanese have
ordered. Merchants are fast converting
their property into cash and escaping to
Amoy until peace is restored. Rich Chi
nese at Amoy have outfitted a number of 1
ftlibustering expeditions, •which have suc
ceeded in carrying supplies, arms and am
munition to rebels.
The Mystery of Tokio, a capital
Japanese story, by STasu Miyakawa
and Robert Duncan Milne, in next
Sunday's Call.
Politics Aroused Jealousy.
"It provokes me," confides a female
friend to madame, "to have my husband
out yelling for some other woman's hus
band when the election returns come in!
That's just what it amounts to. Polities
is nothing to me. Some other -woman's
husband better be yelling 1 for my hus- I
band — that's the way I look at It. Men j
are so silly! They nearly kill thmeseives f
for a person they never saw, because he i
represents something In the party. I re- i
member one Presidential election when '
my husband didn't jet home until 3|
o'clock in the morning 1 . I heard a wheeze
on the stairs, and he burst into the room [
whispering away down in his throat— he
was so hoarse from shouting 1 • that he |
couldn't speak out loud for days after- i
ward— 'lt's a landslide!' Poor thing! his i
party hadn't had a landslide for a lor.jr
time. But I can't have proper patience
with such foolishness." — Chicago. Post.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
jjjjjThe Keeley
Treatment
for JVlen
and Women^H
who have
lost control!!!!
"'== of the use
of alcohol^W
drugs.
It is an ab=^=
IBlsolute cure.
Write Today.
THE KESLEY INSTITUTES,
1170 Market Street. Saa Francisco.
Dcnocue Building.
Lackerstlra Builtiing, TbJrtl and
Spring Street. Lo^ Angeles.
Fred A. Pollock, Manager.
—— —^^—— — ■^ —
<«%fl^^*""<ilwl r-m*<lj - for Oonorrhop*.
A^grcCJlEs^raS| s!?* 1 " 55«riaatorrhoj»,
ffSßf :- : *• ; :»"» "l:!M. en a at aril ,1:i-
JVCf Gansin! ■ aarfe«, or acy loflacim»-
a** 'a in te i-jitta^. U33. :.-rit*tioa or ulcer*-
g 1 ' *g?r»T;sa goa'.xp«a. tloa :f ojcom mem-
lfj"*^' -■£<»•<: C-HV "i.Co. brane*. i."oc-<u:ricj?nt.
li^kC:N:i«l?«ir;.3.Fs^ Sold br Dro W i.U,
f". 3. a j^B 2£.*"- £ in Pl»i= w "»PPer,
-^Wf^^ ' ' t*T *iprM». pr»pai 1. fof
fi- 00 -." 3 bottle*. C.n.
■ Gbcuw Mut »a nvaafc '
AUCTION SALES.
AUCTION SALE
! ft* — <*— ■ ■ J?s
Fine Drivir-r, Draft, Saddle Horses, Shetland
Ponies. Baggies, Stilkles, Harness, Etc.
SATURDAY.. ....I January 14. IS3»
Commencing at 11 A. M. . Sharp.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
T2l Howard St., Xear Third.
•^■'M. G. LA" Livestock Auctioneer.
: ;
y^ &i **«#r#^ri &PJP. E R
V \ Hdfl ■L.^a^rNe KNIFE or PAIN
\ 1 i 3 Hp^P^ No Pay until Cured
An j lump in a wo
i 's^^ iß % man' » t iea«t is cancer,
ar .a ii allowed to get
l^j&^^^^M^ large, slwaj3 poisons
Ibb^^^ ----■• »*■ ia in the arm-*
4&?0^~'-£i. i pit." When the cancer
'og^y— r<«^^ i^*fy^ large crixe ia inipcssi*
tie. Face and lip ■!■ very common places.
90 PAGE BOOK SENT FREE
wita testimonials ot thousands I have cured,
S.R.CH4MLEY, M.D.. Office 23 St.,S.F.
SEND TO SOME ONE WITH CANCER
DR.MCMJLTY.
THISWELUiCNOXS A2ID RELrACT.E OLT>
L Special isttnrrrj Private. uml F.\oo*l Uisu
ea.«es o. Mea only. B-w-i an l*r.va:o l»!se».«M and
XVeuine^ses of llru.freo. Over -Or'r»' experience.
P»tienwcnr«>.l.it Home. Term* re**onaoi»>. IloiirsS
to 3 diUly : IS) to i:-X) « v'irs. S'int:iiT!«. Mro 13. Conaai-
taUonfteea:td«ai;re<llyconSd^a:!r.:. Cail.o.-atlsiiSEi
P. RO9COE HcXII.TY. M.D.
•2(3^ Seamy »t,. Man Frac<*i«»co. Cal.
DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL.
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
1 BLOOP.LIVER.LLIWGS;
N ER VITA KtStCm VITALITY
iNEn VI I M LOST VIGOR,
i££ps ■" AND MANHOOD
I f^W^\\ Curts knjcttacf Night Enuisicca i^i insriis
■Sf 2fi iueasa. lii effects of tell^bute. or excess x.i
Vj J*D !E3«scr?-:cc A aerrctcaic icd blcod-fcuiider.
i I Brings the pick glow to pale checks aad re*
[Si j^*^ii / *ores the Ere of youth. By aa& 500 pr»
j PjdLj^SL box: 6 boxes for $2.50; with a writtta
! Jq^^^^saarataee to cure cr retrod the msoer.
! ■mitt medic*' Co., Clistca * 3aciac« in., gbkasa,
} WALLER BROS.. 23 Grant aye..San Frarctgco.
I Munyon'sHeadachs and indigestianCura
' Is the only remedy on the market that
I will cure every form cf Headache in 3
; to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion, stim-
: ulate the nerves and build up the ays-
; tc:ra. It should be In every home and
, every traveler gripsack. At all Drug-
i gists. 25 cures 25c.
I - — — _— ___^____
jf^^^^^^ga RUPTURE.
\£i£\ij''-f' J&& CSH SO MORE IRON*
f B_-4l^ Hccps cr Steel Springs.
»--^HHBB^*^ R'-ptare reta!n«l with »as«a
fl'^^V? and comfort, aad thousands radi-
■ *ML* cally CURED by DR. PrETRCET3
m /jSf • Macnetlc Elastic Tress. E7 Call »l
l^y efficeor write fcr New Pamphlet Na 1.
MAa^HTIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO..
CO llarket St., op?. Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
/'"ti Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
AsuajOT 625 KZABST ST. E»tab:^>se<l
a Dr. Gibbon Dispensary,
62."> KHAKJTT ST. K.«abHatMd
hi 1*34 h.- ti - -:h-~»-: f ?-:ra»
Xl Lt^-£&1 Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
■■ .
C^SS^fi?'' -*-■" D'* "3- Thedoctorcoreewnen
i\?^*^27'"i? otters fall. Try aim. _ary«s lew.
- r^.j^SctCri 1 ore* guaranteed. Call orwrlta.
Dr. J. V- t>IBBOX, Box 1337. 5 an Fracciaca.
OCEAN TSAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
te»L^ Steamers leave Broadway
¥>#*s«w wharf. San Fmr-.:'.=co:
111 -"-..3*», : ' r Alaskan ports. 1? a- m.,
PF^K(9s\ Jan - v'u ' '-''■ -■■ M. n; FeU 6;
j SftBi*3M3 change a: 5-a:*ie-
'teSS^lJ^U For Victoria, Vancoaver. (3.
■SSSBSJ^^H C. Port Townaend, Seattle,
~^<i^S^H Tacoma, Everrtt, Anac 7V.^i
ar: Sew "Whatcom (TTash>,
13 a. E-. Jan. 11.1 S. B. K. 31;
Feb. 5 and every fifth day thereafter; ehans?-*
at Seattle to ti:s company's steamers for
Alaska and G. X. Ry- : at Tacoma to >'- P. Ry.;
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For E-ureka iHumboldt Bar). 3 p. m.. Jan.
14, 13, 24, 29; Feb. 3, and every fifta day there-
For Santa Cr-iz. Monterey. San Slmeoa.
Cayu'-os. Port Harford. i?an Luts Oblspo),
Gaviata. Santa Barbaxa. Ventura. Hueneme.
=an P<»d-o East San Pedro (Los Angeles) an.i
KeSrpc - 9a. m 4 Jan. 12. 16. 20. !4. IS; Feb.
1 ar.d every fourth >iay thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Pert Har-
ford (San Luts Obi«po>. Santa Barbara. Port
Lcs Angeles and Redcado (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m Jan. 14. M, 12. 2«, 30, Feb. 3. and every
fourth day thereafter. • •»_
Fcr E-nsenaila. ifatrdalTa Bay, San Jo«e del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guayroas <Mer.). 10 a. m.-, Jan. It. F«b. 9.
Mar. 9. Apr. 6.
For further infirmatlc-n obtain, folder.
The company reserves th? rljrht tn Chanel
•without previous notice, steamers, salting .dates
and hours nt tallins.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New iTontjromery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Arts..
10 Market St.. San Fran- -
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST FTEAITERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf it 10 a. —
r*nr $12 First Class Including Berth*
rMnL S8 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia »ails Jan. 3. I*. 23, Feb. I.
State cf California sails Jan. J. 13. 3. Feb. T.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. rtt*.
Helena and all points in the -.Teat.
Thrcugn tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
620 Market street.
GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO.
Suoerintendenta.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR~
ner First and Brannan stre«ts, 1 p. in., for
YOKOHAMA a- HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe tHiogo), Nagasaki and Shangrnat. and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received en board en day
of galling-
NIPPON MARC Wednesday. Jan. 35
AMERICA. MARC Tu-sday. Feb. Jl
HONGKONG MAP.U Friday, March 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Fo?
• freight and passage apply at company's office,
! 421 Market street, corner First.
- W. B. CT.-p.XIS. General Agent.
Compapie Generals Transatlantic
(French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS ' --Mb-
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday ■ *^%
at 19 a. m. from Pier 43, Ncrti ->•«■»
Rtver, foct cf Morten street.
LA BRETAGNE Jan. rt
la NORMANDIE Jan. 23
La GASCOGNE .....Feb. 4
LA -CHAMPAGNE Feb. 11
LA BRET A Feb. 13
First clai«s to- Havre. S"?5 and upward. 5 p.?r
cent reduction on round trip. Second class to
Havre. W3, 1') per cent reduction r-rond trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR TTNITED PTATE3
: AND CANADA. 3 Br.wllas Green. New York.
; J. F. FCGAZI 4 CO.. Pa.--.:- Coast Agents, 5
Montgomery are.. San Francisco.
Pa ■ amp The a S. MAP.i-
-i irnni* 'a!u and Auckland for
■ ~ Sydney Wednesday,
Qj/I,L*> Jan. S3, at 10 p. m.
SJPAniW)J 8. ALIA
C^i"»™K sail* far Honolulu
lOlllE>ulZar* Wednesday. February
V^'r***! ■ . M : - m.
Lln« to COOLGARDIE, AuatraUa. and CAPS
TOWN. South Africa.
i. D. SPRECKEL6 & BROS- CO.. Agents.
11* Mcntginiery street.
Fright Oface— ST; Market St.. San Frar.cl«co.
BAY AJTD BlVUtt STSAILEB3.
SrlTs. mayy-yahd and vallejo.
• Steamer "MonticeHo."
Mon.. Tb«s.. Wed., Tears, and Sat
»:43 a. in., 3:13 p. no. (S:3O p. r... except Thar.)
Fridays 1 p. m. and S:Si> p. m.
Sundays 13:S0 a. m. and S p. ca.
Laniicg and cf Sees— Mission Dock, Pier 1
Telephone Mala iZ'.i.
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
AT TIMES A
SOCIAL LIGHT, AT
TIMES A THIEF
Dual Character of H.
E. Hutcherson.
FROM PARLOR TO PRISON
HE CONFESSES TO NUMEROUS
BURGLARIES.
First Discovered Rifling Lockers in
the Encinal Recreation Club
Rooms in the City of
Alameda.
ALA MED A, Jan. 12.— Herbert E. Hutch
erson, who is held by the police on a
charge of burglary and who has made a
complete confession, is a second edition
of Jekyll and Hyde. One side of his life
In this city was that of a society young
man; the other was that of a petty pil
ferer and burglar. When Hutch^r?on
went out to shine in the more commenda-
ble role of his dual character he dressed
well, spent money freely and was a good
fellow generally. He belonged to che btfct
social organizations and was received Into
the exclusive set. He was looked upon as
a model young inn p..
His election to membership In the En
einal Recreation Club was the beginning
of the end. He had enjoyed the hospitality
■ of the organization but a few weeks when
members began to miss things. First
email articles of little value went, and
then sums of money disappeared from the
lockers of members while they were ex
ercising in the gymnasium. Suspicion
turned toward Hutcherson. Several mem
bers hid themselves on top of the lockers
one evening and watched the young man.
The result of their investigation was not
made public, but at the next meeting of
the directors Hutcherson was expelled.
After his expulsion he went to Mill
Volley and spent a couple of months in
riotous living. People who knew his home
surroundings and were acquainted with
the fact that his parents were having a
hard struggle to get along, questioned
him as to hi? lavish expenditure of mon
ey. He stated that an uncle in the East
was supplying him with funds.
Just before the Recreation Club ex
pelled him over $200 had been stolen from
the lockers of th<- members.
Hutcherson has made a full confession
to the Chief of Police. The department,
however, is disposed to deal leniently with
him. He will be arraigned to-morrow
before Justice Morris, when, it is stated,
the charge against him will be reduced to
petty larceny, to which ;■>• will plead
guilty, and sentence will be suspended
upon" his promise to leave thr Stnte.
A NONSUIT WANTED.
Mrs. Le Protti Has No Case Against
the Railroad.
OAKLAND. Jan. 12.— The case of Mrs.
■ Gugllelmina Le Protti against the Pied-,
mont and Mountain View Railway, one of
the lines of the Oakland Transit Com
pany, came to a sudden end this morni::^,
after the plaintiff had occupied two fiaya
in putting in her evidence. Judge Ogden
held that Mrs. Le Protti had failed to
prove any n.-.idigence on the part of the
railroad company, and granted a nonsuit
in defendant's favor.
Mrs. Le Protti, by her attorneys, Reed
& Nuubaumer, M. C. Chapman and T. M.
Bradley, sued tor $2:>.7»i. alleging in her
complaint that she had been damaged to
that extent through injuries received by
her as the result of a collision between
her Ip-undry wagon and one of defendant's
cars on Vernal avenue some time In Oc
tober, 18W. The evidence showed that one
■ I defendant's oars collided with the right
hind wheel of Mrs. Le Prottl'a laundry
wagon and threw her forward to the
ground, knocking on; three of her front
teeth, curling ht-r shin, and causing con
clusion of the spine, which finally resulted
In spinal neurosis, or "railway spine."
It wns further devel» ped that Mrs. Le
Prottl's driv.-r. while driving along Vernal
avenue at a safe distance from the rail
way track, turned suddenly toward the
track to pas? an approaching let wagon,
when it appeared that there was plenty
of room fur the laundry wagon to pass
and still keep a safe distance from the
track.
Hairnon Bell, the attornov for the de
fendant, argued that all the negligence
was on the part of plaintiff, and the Judge
so ruled.
Convention Call.
OAKLAND. Jan. 12.— The Republican
City Central Committee held an execu
tive session in the Blake and Moffitt
building to-nignt and issued a call for a
convention t" be held next Monday night,
and E. H. Blake and Daniel Doody were
appointed a committee to secure a hall.
A committee of twenty-one, three mem
bers from each ward, was appointed, who
in turn will select the 143 delegates to
the convention.
Twelve Thousand for Tompkins.
OAKLAND, Jan. 12.— The Supreme
Court has affirmed the verdict In the case
of John W. Tompkins, City Clerk of Oak
land, against George Montgomery, the
millionaire Salvationist, for $12,r.00 dam
ages for injuries to the plaintiff's wife
The Injuries were caused by the overturn-
Ing of a coach owned by Montgomery.
Quarreled and Shot Himself.
OAKLAND, Jan. 12.— Joseph F. Duarte,
an old-time resident of San Leandro, had
a quarrel with his wife this afternoon.
after which he wen* into the back yard
and shot himself In the right temple." His
wife heard the shot and summoned Dr.
Smith, but Duarte's chances of life ar>;
very slim.
The Mystery of Tokio, a capital '
Japanese story, by Masu Miyakawa
and Robert Duncan Milne, in next
Sunday's Call.
ALFRED WILKIE TO
SING HIS FAREWELL
58 n
S3 r\ AKLAND, Jan 12.— Alfred Wilkie, the well-known tenor, will bid fare- £2
" I I well to the Pacific Coast at a concert at the First Presbyterian *2
*i I) Church to-morrow night. For many years Mr. Wilkle has been a 92
•5 very prominent vocalist on both sides of the bay. lie has sung in all »2
82 manner of musical entertainments, but has decided that the East affords n
92 a better field for his talent. ' *">rus zt
fi In consideration of the many occasions on which he has given his ser- *2
2? vices in the cause of charity Oakland society has decided to make his fare- *8
88 well testimonial a great success. The numbers to-morrow night will be 92
li rendered by Mrs. Florence Wyman-Gardner, Miss Beresford Joy Putnam «2
88 Griswold, Otto Bendix, Miss Bertha M. Clark. H. A. Melvin, Ben Clark 92
92 Alfred Wilkie, George H. CarlSton, Mrs. Mary Alverta Morse and Clement *2
8J Rowlands. The following ladies are the patrons of the occasion: So
88 Mrs. I. 1,. Requa, Mrs. Oscar F. Long, Mrs. M. L. Requa Mrs George 92
88 W. Baker, Mrs. Reml Chabot, Mrs. G. S. Abbott, Mrs. F. B. Glnn Mrs 92
88 L. L. Bromwell, Mrs. H. K. Wetherbee, Mrs. W. H. Friend, Miss M R »2
88 Babson, Mrs. R. G. Brown, Mrs. W. S. Goodfellow, Mrs. W. E. Sharon 92
88 Mrs. J. R. Glascock, Mrs. F. B. Ogden, Mrs. Thomas Crellln, the Misses ?2
88 Crellin, Mrs. Charles Webb Howard, Mrs. John L. Howard, Mrs. H. O *2
88 Trowbridge. Mrs. W. Frank Pierce, Mrs. H. I. Jones, Mrs. Ada Daltori *2
58 Hewes, Mrs. W. E. Dargie, Mrs. H. A. Melvin, Mrs. Randolph Cummings *2
88 Mrs. Clinton Day, Mrs. E. H. Davenport, Mrs. J. M. Pierce," Mrs. Dr. F. «g
88 H. Payne. Mrs. R. Ritchie, Mrs. R. F. Coyle, and Rev. F. J. Mynard 92
88 Rev. Dr. R. F. Coyle, Rev. Dr. E. R. Dille, Rev. C. R. Brown, Rev* Dr. r' *2
88 Ritchie, Dr. H. I. Jones. ' ' jj
GOOD LUCK THE
CAUSE OF DEATH
OAKLAND, Jan. 12.— Mrs. Caroline A. Bigelow died last night of a
shock caused by seeing a sack of gold. This evidence of good luck
after a long spell of misfortune proved too much for her welfare.
The husband, brother and son of Mrs. Bigelow have been engaged In
mining in Nevada for a long time, and they have put into their venture all
the capital they could possibly raise. For a long while they met with
nothing but very ordinary returns, but recently they struck a rich vein,
which guarantees a big fortune.
Mrs. Bigelow was at once informed of their good luck and wm also
told that last night they would arrive home with a sack of the shining
nuggets, of which they had found so many. They kept their word, and
last evening returned and at once displayed to Mrs. Bigelow their wallets
of gold. The sight of the yollow metal and the significance of it proved
too much for the old lady, who had long been subject to heart trouble.
No sooner had 6he taken one look at the gold than she fell back into her
husband's arms and expired immediately. Mrs. Bigelow was 62 years old,
and the cause of the shock was the relief to her anxiety that came with
the discovery of the gold mine.
Her remains will be taken to Nevada and interred near t,he site of the
mine whence the cause of her death was taken.
CITY WATER
CHARGES MAY
BE ILLEGAL
The Bills Are Doubled
for This Year.
THEIR PAYMENT IS REFUSED
BOARD Oi 1 WORKS OBJECTS TO
THE DEMANDS.
The City Attorney Will Probably Be
Instructed to Take the Matter
Into the Courts for
Adjustment.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 12.
The Board of Police and Fire Commis
sioners has decided not to pay the bills
of the water companies that have been
presented for the current month and
which are compiled according to the high
est rates permitted in the new schedule.
Their action will probably result in a le
gal investigation as to the validity of the
ordinance under which they are framed.
The difference between the old rate and
the new was shown by the bills of the two
companies. Instead of charging $1 7D per
hydrant $3 50 was charged, and the bill
of the Contra Costa Company was raised
from $343 to $»9fi. while the Oakland Com
pany raised from $4 13 to $S 26.
After a little discussion the Commis
sioners passed the following resolution re
ferring the bills to the City Council:
Resolved, That the water bill for the month
of January for water supplied to the Fire De
partment "and for repair of nre hydrants be
and the same are hereby referred to the Coun
cil without recommendation, and for instruc
tion as to whether bills fur supplying water to
the city and Its fire hydrants should be allowed.
pursuant to a resolution of the City Council
purporting to fix water rates for the fiscal year
IS9S-1899.
The effect of this resolution may be that
the Council will authorize the City At
torney to take such steps as may be nec
essary to test the legality of the celebra
ted Henneberry ordinance. It will be re
membered that last year the ordinance
fixing the rates was vetoed by the Mayor,
and that Henneberry's resolution was
rushed through by the '•solid six" at the
last moment. It has been contended that
neither the ordinance nor the resolution
legally fix the rate and that the city can
not be made to pay the high figure now
being charged by the company.
ATTACKED BY FOOTPADS. .
A Miner's Fight to Save His Prop-
erty.
OAKLAND, Jan. 12.— Charles Gaffney,
an Eastern mining man, who has been
stopping at the Hotel Metropole the past
few months, was he.d up by footpads at
the corner of Thirteenth and Clay streets
to-night. .
Gaffney was unarmed at the time, and
having "several hundred dollars, consid
erable jewelry and diamonds on his per
son he yelled lustily for help. His cries
were heard by Harry Thomas, clerk of
the Board of Public Works and son of
Mayor Thomas, who had left him about
a block from the scene. Thomas ran to
his assistance and attacked one of the
footpads and a lively fight ensued.
In the meantime Gaffney ran to the
Metropole and reported that he had been
held up. The night clerk and day clerk
and several guests armed themselves and
went in search of the robbers, hut the
robbers had made good their escape, for
Thomas was unable to hold the man he
attacked until the police could be sum
moned. The footpads were colored men.
Several recent hold-upa :ire laid to them.
Grand Jury Expert.
OAKLAND, Jan. 12.-O. B. Morgan has
been selected a-s Grand Jury expert and
( >. Whlpple secretary. No subordinate
committees liave been appointed. The
Grand Jury will meet again next Tuesday.
Oakland News Notes.
OAKLAND, Jan. 12.— The Coroner's
jury has decided that the death of Mrs.
Ellen Golden, who fell from a second
st'iry window, was due to accident and
not design.
Rev. Hugh W. Frnser of Minneapolis
has been called to the Brooklyn Presby
terian Church and will probably accept.
The Melrose School District Trustees
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 13, 1899.
have decided to call another election re
garding the $10,000 bond issue, which wai
defeated recently by one vote.
John Gorman, arrested for wife beating,
tried to commit suicide In the City Prison
by turning on the gas. He said he was
despondent over his domestic troubles.
D. T. Harris, through his attorney, J.
"W. Carter, to-day commenced proceedings
for a divorce from B. W. Harris.
The case of William • Farria, charged
with criminally assaulting Maria Mache
do, a 15-year-old girl, at Centerville about
a year ago, will come on for preliminary
hearing on Jaunary 24. The accused man's
bail was fixed at $1000 to-day.
» ♦ ■
IMPORTANT WITNESS MISSING
Detectives Trying to Collect Links
in the Mentel Case.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 12.— The detecttveß
who are securing the evidence against
Mrs. Mentel, charged with the murder of
her husband, have been trying to get
track of a witness who is of vital impor
tance to their case.
Before the Inquest Bruno Steinmetz. a
member of the A>ameda Fire Depart
ment, told a Call reporter of a statement
that had been made to him by a female
acquaintance in San Francisco to the ef
fect that Mrs. Mentel had told her on the
day of the tragedy that she intended to
go to Alameda with her husband and that
she had made up her mind to kill him.
The woman, according to the Steinmetz
story, told him that Mrs. Mentel displayed
the pistol with which she intended to do
the shooting; that she took the weapon
away from ncr and only returned It when
Mrs. Mentel promised not to carry out
her threat.
Steinmetz refused to give the name of
the woman at the time, stating that ha
did not care to get her mixed up in the
case. The Call reporter gave the state
ment to Deputy Coroner Fowler, but no
attention was given it either at the in
quest or at the preliminary examination.
Now the detectives are anxious to locate
the woman, but Steinmetz has had a
complete loss of memory concerning the
matter and will give the officers no clew
to the identity of the woman.
Her testimony would be Important to
show premeditation on the part of Mrs.
Mentel.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 12.— Sherman Hose
Company No. 3 has elected the following
officers for the ensuing term: Martin
Hackett. foreman; A. C. Cumbers, first
assistant; Fred Newman, second assist
ant; Frank Casey, secretary; George Gra
ham, treasurer; Thomas Dunleavy, Rich-
ard Noy, Samuel Josephs, board of trus
tees.
Part of the bulkhead on the south shore
between Grand and Paru streets was
washed away by the recent storm. Other
wise very little damage was done.
Preparations are being made for the
rendition <>f Le Provost mass at St. Jo
seph's Catholic Church next Sunday. A
I feature of the programme will be the
"Largo," by Handel, played by Julius
Haug, who is now leader of the orchestra
which will in future be attached to the
church.
J. J. Morris was arrested to-day on com
plaint of Dorothea Deppen on a charge of
mallclnus mischief. Mrs. Deppen alleged
that Morris, who is renting a house from
her, had threatened to tear down her
barn and carry it away.
Ah Soon, a murderous looking Celestial,
was arrested by the police to-day on a
charge of vagrancy. At the time of his
arrest he was trying to sell lottery tick
ets throughout the fashionable section of
i the city. He had a memorandum book
! giving the addresses of his Alameda cus
j Corners, the contents of which the police
! refused to make public. Ah Soon pleaded
i guilty and was sent to the County Jail
! for live days. It is believed that he Is
wanted by the police of San Francisco.
STANFORD'S TRACK
TEAM CRIPPLED
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan. 12.—
The Stanford track team received to
! day the severest blow It has ever expe
! rionced. E. E. Morgan, the fastest track
; man and the best point winner in college,
j will not re-enter the university this
semester. With him out of the competi
tion Berkeley will gain at least fifteen ad
ditional points— probably enough to decide
the intercollegiate field day in her favor.
\ This year Morgan would have carried off
first places in the high and low hurdles,
; and would have made an excellent show
ing in the high jump and the sprints.
, There is no one in college who can In
! any way take his place In these events.
E. W. Smith, '99, was elected to-day by
; the executive committee of the student
i body to fill Morgan's unexplred term as
| business manager of the Daily Palo Alto.
JOHNSON'S SLAYERS HELD.
JUNEAU, Alaska. Jan. 9 (by steamship
Cottage City to Victoria, B. C, Jan.
12).— George Johnson, who was shot by
Jessie Rounds at a cabin at White Pass
last Monday night, is dead. Jessie
Hounds. May Burke, her associate, and
Patrick Murphy, who was with the two
girls at the time of the shooting, waived
examination and were taken, to Sitka for
imprisonment pending trial. Murphy Is
accused of having loaded the shotgun for
Jessie Rounds to shoot Johnson with.
She is a quarter-breed Indian. She fired
through the door, and gunwads and
splinters of wood were found in Johnson's
lunps. May Burke is a blonde from
Seattle.
HEAD-END COLLISION.
TRT'CKEE, Jan. 12.— A head-end colli
sion occurred three miles west of Truckee.
Passenger train No. 1 ran Into a freight
extra, bound west. The head engine of
the freight was badly wrecked. The pas
senger train had orders to pass the
freight at a siding on Horseshoe Bend,
and supposed the freight was on the side
track. Fortunately both trains were run
ning slowly, because of the darkness. lEx
cept a few slight scratches received «• a
fireman, no one waa injured to any Ex
tent. The wrecking crow from here was
on the scene a few minutes after the ac
cident and cleared away the wreckage.
Trains were delayed about ten hours.
Salinas Pioneer Gone.
SALINAS, Jan. 12.— Heyo Blohm, a Cali
fornia pioneer and one of the first settlers
of Salinas Valley, died here this after-
noon on his seventy-eighth birthday. He
was a native of Germany. He came to
California in the early fifties and settled
at Corral de Tierra, near Salinas, in 1865.
A few years ago he w;is stricken by
paralysis and moved nearer the city. He
leaves one son and several grandchildren.
Clara Barton tells about the work
of the Red Cross in Cuba in. next
Sunday's Call.
DRAINING OF GOLD
LAKE, NEAR SITKA
Immense Body of Water Re=
leased in Order to Secure
Rich Deposits in the
Bottom.
BY HAL HOFFMAN.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JUNEAU, Alaska, Jan. 9 (via Victoria, B. C, Jan. 12).— The first
Btep in one of the most enterprising mining operations in Alaska
has been taken, and successfully. Gold Lake, in Pande Basin, near
Sitka, was drained through a 300-foot tunnel last Fridays It was a
sight of a lifetime. The Pande Basin Gold Mining Company, organ
ized of San Francisco and New York capital, believing that the bot
tom of this lake was covered with rich gold-bearing gravel and de
composed quartz which had dropped into it from the ledges of the
surrounding mountains, set out more than six months ago to drain it.
The lake lies at a considerable elevation, its natural outlet being a
small creek. One of the leadine: members of the company is ex-Sur
veyor General W. I. Willey of California. Peter Broon, an experi
enced miner, who has been around Juneau ten years,. was made fore
man of the tunnel scheme. The lake is 3000 feet long by 2000 feet
wide and very deep, lying in a valley.
Everybody was driven out of the tunnel when the last blasts were
fired in a narrow wall of rock separating the upper end of the tun
nel from the bottom of the lake. One of the holes did not go off,
and thinking that enough of the rock had been torn away to release
the waters, Broon waited patiently several hours expecting the
break to occur at any moment. A crowd of Sitka spectators were
present. Becoming weary of and impatient at the delay, Broon en
tered the mouth of the tunnel to see what the matter was. In do
ing this he faced death, for the torrent might have swept down in
an instant and carried him away.
Broon found that the charge in the hole, aa he anticipated, had
become damp from seepage. He deliberately took out the shot, re
charged the hole, lighted the fuse and retired down the tunnel. All
this time the crowd stood breathless over his fate. The charge went
off, tore awjy the remaining rock, shattered several feet of glacial
clay, and in a few minutes the barrier broke away before the pres
sure of the water on the other side. There was a rush and hi6s of
a!r, a mighty roar and the water leaped from the mouth of the tun
nel with the force of a dynamite gun. The torrent carried every
thing before it. Huge boulders and rocks as large as houses were
swept down the mountain like so many marbles. Part of the moun
tain side was washed away, leaving a hole yawning as though some
giant Cyclops had taken a bite out of the earth in his rage.
The water fell rapidly, and as the lake was frozen the suction
Boon brought the ice down into the dropping waters with a mighty
crack, roar and splash. It was like the thunder of cannon. The lake
was drained of the immense auantity of water, sixty-one feet deep,
3000 feet long and 2000 feet wide. The torrent plunged down the ra
vine of the creek and spread itself over the ice of another small
lake below. The great weight also broke the ice of this lake with
a second reverberating crash. This lake must be crossed on the trail
from Sitka to Pande Basin. The ice was thrown into such confused
masses that on the return to Sitka the party drawing and riding in
a boat were from 8 o'clock in the evening until 2 o'clock in the
morning going the two miles across. The beach exposed by the
drainage shows gravel and decomposed quartz. Surface prospects
indicate, It is reported, that the ground will go about $35 to the ton,
though this is not corroborated. Foreman Broon came over on the last
steamer. If the ground around the lake pays $3 or 94 to the ton. the
outlook is that the enterprise of the company will be rewarded by
a good thing.
ALASKA'S RICH
PLACER CLAIMS
Gold Bearing Sand and
Gravel Found.
BY HAL HOFFMAN.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JUNEAU, Alaska, Jan. 9 (via Vic
toria, B. C, Jan. 12).— The latest report
from the Nakwashinsky Bay placer dis
covery, near White Stone Narrows and
Sitka, is that the ground will run about
$47 to the yard of earth. This is in all
probability a wild estimate, but from
all reports there is little doubt that
gold-bearing sand and gravel has been
found and located. It is impossible to
learn the value of the ground till fur
ther work has been done on it in the
spring. The people of Sitka have much
faith in it.
Juneau is somewhat excited over a re
port that became current that placer
ground has been found, within twenty
miles of the city. Gold Creek, which
runs through one side of the town,
yielded about a half million dollars to
; miners some years ago, and this creek
1 now worked out was the start and
' foundation of Juneau. As there are so
■ many quartz ledges around Juneau it
• is thought that this last mysterious
| find may be all right. Parties are now
! understood to be out examining the
ground, though it is not known in what
direction they went.
Captain J. E. Snevely has Just come
out over the ice from Dawson to Ju
neau. He is located in the Eagle City
district on the Yukon. He says there
are 1000 men mining on Seventy Mile
Creek, 2000 on Forty Mile ands^OOO
around Eagle City. He represents a
Sandusky (Ohio) company. This is in
American territory. He says the out
look of all these creeks is very good.
He says also that hardy vegetables are
grown and that oais, shoulder high,
mature in the vicinity of Eagle City.
Up here on the brow of the earth,
where the eternal clouds come tumbling
S down out of the northern lights, in
terest in Atlin and Porcupine over
shadows all other mining camps in
Aluska or British Northwest Territory.
| For example: Thirst for Porcupine
j Creek gravel kept increasing in the
brawny breasts of sixteen men em
ployed in the Big Treadwell mine on
Douglas Island until it became no long
er resistible. Fearing that if they quit
work without due notice their pay
would be withheld until the end of the
month or indefinitely, trie sixteen men
put up a job on the company which
worked to a charm. They knocked
off work the other evening before the
6 o'clock whistle and all were conse-.
quently discharged on the spot. They
went right down and got their time to
date and the next day the sixteen
stro-ng, shrewd and cheerful men came
over to Juneau and took a small steam
er for Haines Mission, which is the
way to go if going to Porcupine or
Atlln. Small steamers are now run
ning from Juneau up the Taku. whence
there is a good winter trail to and
down Pike River to the lake. Soon
another trail will be broken across a
comparatively level country to Discov
ery City on Pine Creek and to Surprise
Lake, where another town has sprung
up and been named Surprise City. The
mining camp in any country which has
not the affix "city" as a part of its bap
tismal name is the exception and not
the rule, and does not run very much
to the pan. The first large party of
the season, headed by Dockie McKin
non and George Miller, left on a Taku
steamer yesterday to go in over the
Taku trail. The party numbered four
teen in all. Fritz Miller, a brother of
George Miller, McKlnnon and two
others, are the discoverers and original
locators of Pine Creek. They took in
several tons of supplies. George Rice
of Juneau is building a big saloon and
hotel at Atlin, and it is nearly com
pleted.
The winter has been unusually mild
in the Atlin region. It has been so open
that it is doubted by those in there that
the lake ever freezes. People have been
going- around in their shirt sleeves.
This statement is made in a letter I
have received dated December 27.
Stragglers are still coming into Atlin
from the Teslin Lake country. They
are in very bad condition. Quite a
number of Indians have arrrVed. They
came all the way from Wrangel up
through the interior. A man named
"Blondy" and a cook named Jack, ar
rived at Atlin late in December by way
of the Brooks trail from the summit of
White Pass. They said they were
thirty-six days on the trail. They took
in SCO pounds of stuff. At Steamboat
Landing, on Taku Arm, the arm is
open for five miles, which makes it bad
for traveling on the ice. Three saw
mills are busy on Atlin Creek. The
logs are usually small, but the lumber
brings $150 a thousand feet.
The stampede to McGee Creek was a
disappointment. Only two or three lo
cations showed any prospect worth
staking.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW "WESTERN HOTEL,
T Claußsen, S Cruz C McCarthy N V
J Ritchie, Callstoga J L Scott, Fresno
V Phelps & w. t, Ang M Donaldson. S Rosa
.1 Meyer & w. Wash ! C Watson, Goschen
Mrs u Han!lenf Stjklyou.P F Stanley, L Gatos
W Short. Watsonville T M Sweeney, Chicago
A Pendo. 6 r Jose J W Vo * c1 ' St Louis
S Ball an!, Jefferson M Farnsworth. Cal
I, F Roof, L Ang J Ward, 8 Cruz
P J Maxwell, Sacto
PALACE HOTEL.
A Hermance. NT |J Follman, N T
A Hart, Paris | Mrs J MeGill. Chicago
V S .mere. N V Mrs Peyton, S Barbara
L lieysens. Belgium Mlai Peyton, B Barbra
J \\ \\ oodbury, Carson 1 J W E Aris Paris
A Keyser. Salt Lake IT S Hawkins! Hollister
A Bergerin, Chicago |O G Sage Sacto
E W Hammer. Chicago |C Van de Yen Hrussel
J F Farraher & w, Cal.J J Crooks, S Rafael
C Hutch inn, Boston |E R Cowles, N V
J T Sloan. Boston iTV Lowell vn L \ne
C F Dwyer, N V J Fort. L Ang "
E C Bald, Buffalo D Llryellyn L Ang
L R Piper ft w, Boston, H Se.uvey. Kansas City
B Marchant & w. t'SAi "
GRAND HOTEL.
R M Reading, Bodle ,W Wright, Seattle
J J Pftsto &w, Cal E E Crandall, Los Anjr
U Mlgliavacca, Napa D M IMnkelspiel Cal
T H Green, Sn Rafael W Parberry, Mont
C. E Chapman. Sn JcselH J Lewis, Stcrkton
A L Cart'llnfMnl. Cal J Ahrnm, Auburn
I McDonnell. Menlo R Lanpnn, Stockton
M Condon, Menlo J w Morritt & w Cal
C A Shaw, Los Angr W C Barret. N V
L A Philips, Los An* M L D Baldwin, S Crz
J H Davis «fe w, Ala iE W Hamilton, Ky
T E Poingdestre, Cal C A Newman Cal
R E Barry, U S N W E Burgoss Chicago
C Baer. w & d, r'olo R Nixon, Yreka
T P Fitzgerald. Cal L Emery Jr. Pa
H Russell, Denver L Emery, Pa
r B Mabee, Chicago W H Becker, Oakdale
R EfTey. Santa Cruz C G FleekenEtoln, Cal
H A Morrison. Detroit '.H L Story, Pasadena
F A\' Charles. Cal .A F ToVles. rhtcatro
W Beacon & w. Ls An'M L Durbln, Fresno
«AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BfPTNEPS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, op«.n
until 12 o'clock every night in the year
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:SO oVlook.
287 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
615 Larkla street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 o'clock.
22f1l Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh, street; n-en until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
MW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until fl o'clock.
DIVIDEND NOTICKS.
DIVIDEND notice— The Nevada National Bank
of San Francisco. At a regular meeting of
the Board of Directors of this bank held
January 3, 1899, a dividend was declared for
the half year ending December 31. IS9B. at the
rate of seven (7) per cent per annum, pay-
able on and after the l«th inst. Transfer
books will be closed from the 10th to the
16th inst., both days inclusive.
D. B. DAVIDSON. Secretary.
Janury 4. ISW.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 83 (twenty-
five cents per shnreX of the Hutchlnson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
otfice of the company, 327 Market st., on
ard after Friday, January 20, 1899. Transfer
bookp will close on Saturday, January 14
1599, at 11 o'clock noon.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. .*.
T.. Masonic Temple, Post and Mont- TjJß*
gomery sts. — Regular assembly THIS Ffl
(Friday) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. (»
All fraters are cordially invited. ™
SIR JOHN P. FRASER. Em. -Com.
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES, Recorder.
YERBA BUENA Lodge of Perfection
No. I— Regular meeting THIS (FRI- TT
DAY) EVENING, January 13, at 8 A
o'clock. D. 4. /rt\
GEORGE J. HOBE, Sec «SB3
STOCKHOLDERS' meeting— The annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of the Union Iron
Works will ba held at the office of the cam-
puny. 222 Market St., San Francisco, on
TUESDAY. January 24. 1899. at 11:30 o'clock
a. m., for the purpose of electing a board of
directors to serve for the ensuing year and
for the transaction nf such other business as
may come before the meeting.
J. OB. GUNN. Secretary.
Office. 222 Market st.. San Francisco, CaL
Januury 9. 1599.
THE regular annual meeting of the stockhold-
ers of the Oceanic Steamship Company will
be held at the office of the company, 327 Mar-
ket street, San Francisco, California, on
SATURDAY, the 21st day of January. 1899. at
11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose o' electing
a Board of Directors to serve for the ensu-
ing year, and for the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
Ing. Transfer books will close on Tuesday,
January 10, 1599, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents-TV Weekly~Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mnlllr.ir. $1 per year.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE secretary of the Pan Francisco Protestant
Orphan Asylum Society herewith gives notice
that the following orphan and half-orphan
ulils and boys have been admitted to the In-
stitution from July l. 1898. to January 1, IM9:
Matilda Zimmerman, 6 yrs. ; Margaret Kes-
llnger, 4 yrs. ; Eugenia V. Kloss, 3 yrs. 8
mns.; Annie V. Kloss, 2 yrs. 3 mos.; Claudtne
F. Moller. 5 yrs. 8 mos. ; Sophia H. Hoppe, I
8 yrs. ; Eva Mclntyre. R yrs. 6 mos. ; Olive
M. Jofilin 6 yrs.; Edith M. .Toslin. 3 yrs. ;
Edna V. Joalin. 3 yrs.: Myrtle Leigh, 3 yrs.;
Genevleve Adams, S yrs.; Mary Adams, 6
yrs. : Albert Zimmerman, 9 vrs. : Harry
Hayne^ 10 yrs.; Adolph Hayne, 7 yrs. 3 mos.;
Otto W. Moller. 4 yrs. : Johannes E. Moller. 7
yrs. ; Wesley L. Marshall. 7 yrs. ; Leslie R.
Montrose, S yrs. 4 mos. ; Edwin Fisher. 7 yrs ;
Alexander Williams, 8 yrs.: George M.
Adame, 11 yrs.; Nelson J. Adams, 10 yrs.;
Harry Lane, 6 yrs. ; James Adams, 8 yrs. ;
William Adams. 4 yn., and Clarence Haw-
kins, 7 yrs.
NOTICE I* hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage, at 520 T .-'-- St.. San Francisco
Cal., has received the following orphans, half-
ori»ans and abandoned girls from October 1
to December 31. 3898: Jesslo Willis, 11 years-
Llllla Willis. 8 years 7 months; Hazel Anna
McCutcheon, 5 years 10 months; Saldy Brooks
9 years 1 month; Eva B: oks. 6 years- Ruth
Shayer, 6 years 8 months; Sylvia
Shayer. 2 years 5 months; Ethel Hergarton
7 years 10 months: Sarah E. Jellin, 12 years'
Elsie M. Jellin, 6 years 9 months; lona L*
Jeilin, 4 years; Violet Williams. 2 years-
Louisa Zanettln. 13 years; Adellna Zanettln,
8 years: Theresa Zanettln. 5 years 6 months-
Ethel Openshaw, 9 years: Olive Openshaw 7
years; Olive F. Berlin. 10 years; Adele 'g
King. 7 years; . nna Swan, 9 years 9 months-
Charlotte Gilleepie, 9 years 6 months; Jennie!
Gillespie, 7 years 10 months; Julia Glllesple !
3 years 11 months ; Amy L. Swan, 6 years 8 i
months; Maria Gill, 11 years; Grace Gill v
years; Olivia Gill. 9 years; Margaret Johnson
8 years.
SINCE July 1, 1898. the orphans admitted Into
St. Francis' Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum
are as follows: Female— -Annetta Antonia, i
years; Camellia Hawkins, 9; Ada Haley 9-
Marguerite Kaisar, 6; Carrie B Pickett' 7-
Pearl Hunter. 10: Katie Rlordan, 5. Ma'le-^
Harry Antonia, 2 year* 3 months; William
Rohling, 3 months; George Huntsr 2 yea-s
6 months; Harold Hunter. 4 years 3 months-
Thomas O'Neil, 3; Bert de Shields, 5 years
6 months; Fred de Shields. 3 years 6 months-
ThomaK Riordan, 5; Gilbert Cope, 7. Half
orphans— Marguerite Gamerston, E-' Irene
Gamerston. 9; Catherine Shepherd, 4 years 6
months; Lyda rthepherd, 9. Male— Jacob
Smith, 10; Osar Smith. 7; Fred Smith E !
years; Jer.nle Shlhade, 6 years.
ABANDONED children in St. Joseph's Infant
Orphan Asylum from July 1, 1897. to Decem-
ber 31. 1898: Frank Swett, age 4 years-
Margaret Cunningham, 4 years: Hazel Cun-
ningham, 2 years; Margaret Campion, 2 years-
Row Kelly. 4 years; Thomas Kelly, 3 years 1
Ruth Dougherty, 4 years; Llllie Aubertine'
5 years.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections mad*;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 41S Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 1580.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Palry Co., 343 3d st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sont to any address In the
T'nlted States or Canada one year for $1,
postage raid.
SITUATIONS WANTED FKMALE.
AT the German Employment Office. MRS.
LAMBERT. 41S Powell St., best help of all
nationalities.
GERMAN middle-aged woman desires situa-
tion as housekeeper, nurse to children, sewing
or housework; city or country. LAMBERT,
418 Powell St.; tel. Main 5332.
WOMAN with a girl desires situation; rood
cook; best references; country. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
_ . — |
NEAT young girl desires situation as nurse cr
housework. $10 to $15; references. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutler st.
YOUNG girl, good cook, wishes housework; 5 ]
years' i. :••!■.:;. -I-. K3l Larkin st.; tel. Sutter 52. !
RESPECTABLE lady wishes position as work-
ing housekeeper; good cook; or would take
care of Invalid person; none but rtrst-class
people need apply; good references. 522 Stock-
ton ft.
YOUNG girl would like a place to do general
housework and plain cooking in respectable '
family; sleep home. Please call at 85 Ch.>s- '
ley st., off Harrison, bet. Seventh and Eighth, j
COMPETENT sick nurse; not trained; has best
of references; will go at moderate price in
city or country! Is also good housekeeper.
Call at 1024 Howard St., room 3.
NEAT, competent woman, good cook and laun-
dress, wishes position in an American family; |
good city references; no postals. 777 Market
St., room 11.
SITUATION by a girl 15 years of age in a
respectable private family without children
to assist In light housework for room and
board. Address F. M., box 1449, Call office.
RESPECTABLE American woman wants work
by the day: good worker; 75c and car fare;
other work, $1 and car fare. 27fi Jessie Bt.,
near 4th, room 1, down stairs: first floor.
SITUATION wanted by a respectable woman
as nurse; would assist with sewing or up-
stairs work: good references. 557 O'Farreil.
COMPETENT Norwegian woman wishes cook-
ing or laundry- work by the day or washing
and mr-ndlng at home. 262 Tehama St.; rear.
WOMAN of experience, position as working
housekeeper or cook; no triflers. Call or ad-
di-ess three days, 115^4 Second st., room 6.
RESPECTABLE woman wants situation as
working housekeeper or In lodging-house.
Call at 120 Sixth st., room 1, first floor.
SCANDINAVIAN woman wishes chamberwork
or any kind of work by the day or week
S2G Minna st.
AMERICAN girl would like place in small
family to do light housework; good plain
cook; wages $12 tv $15. 545 Minna st.
WANTED— By a respectable girl, place to care
for a little child and assist. 1... 1908 Sutter.
YOUNG German cook wishes situation; wages
$25 to $30. Address 4073 Twenty-fourth St.
YOUNG girl wishes position to do light house-
work, $10. Address :.3i Montgomery aye.
KXi'KKIKNCED cook and baker; hotel or mm
Ing camp; references. Address box 1426. Call.
SITUATION to do housekeeping. 290 Natoma
street.
EXPERIENCED hand on corset or dress mak-
ing wishes situation. Apply at 20 Willow aye. .
GIRL wants situation in a private American
family to do second work and sewing or
second work and waiting; is comoetent:
good references; wages $25. Call at 415 Third
Bt.: address MISS D.
ACTIVE young woman wishes situation as ;
chambermaid or waitress and chambermaid;
town or country; good reference. Apply box
v:>;>. Call office.
GERMAN girl wants situation; general house-
work and cooking; wages, $20 to $25. Apply
at Preseott House, cor. Montgomery aye. and
K.-;.rny st.
WOMAN with a child 4 years wants working
housekeeper place: Al cook; city references;
no triflers. Address box 1453. Call office.
LADY wishes position as cashier; cafe or
restaurant preferred; city or country; refer-
ence. Address box 1289, Call.
YOUNG German girl wishes situation to do
general housework: prefers good home more
than wages. Address 117 Juniper st.
YOUNG girl wishes position to do light house-
work. Apply 172 Hush st.
WOMAN wants work by the day. Addresa
branch Call office. 1941 Mission st.
SITUATION wanted- Young girl wants work In
family In city for slight remuneration while .
attending college. Address G. C. S.. Ala-
meda office. i
FRENCH girl wants situation; chamberwork
or sewing: good seamstress; city reference.
Call or write 136 Tenth st.
LADY, German, wishes position as housekeep-
er; no triflers. 953H Howard st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 mf?ht; $1 50 to $4
week; convenient and respectable; freo 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30 .
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip- i
tlons and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinda
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary; tel. Grant M.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
beet help. 414% OFarrell st. : tel. East 454.
WANTED— Situation by practical pruner: 10
years' experience: orchard and vineyard
work; 4 years last place; best references;
sober and willing worker; small wages and
found; punctual and strictly reliable. Ad-
dress or call room 29, 111 1 .? -Minna st.
YOUNG man, religiously inclined, would like
to learn more about cuttinc meat: has had
some experience; or will take work of any
kind- wages no object. Address GEORGE
BERRT, Peniel Mission, corner California,
and Kearny sts.
BY a married man who understands the care ot
horses or who would be willing to do any
kind of work. R. F., 1931 Fifteenth aye..
Bouth San Francisco.
YO'*NG man with good references and recom-
mendations, sober and industrious, deslrea
position as clerk or collector where there la
a chance of advancement. Box 1439. Call.
INDUSTRIOUS gardener, German: understands
the care of horses, cows, flowers, lawn, driv-
ing; private place; handy and willing; small
wage- and good home. Box 1435. Call.
YOUNG man, 20, wishes employment In a
wholesale house or grocery' store; best refer-
ences. Address J. JACOBSQN. Golden Gats
station. Alameda, Cal.
POSITION by person of experience, nurse In
sanitarium, institution or otherwise; oppor-
tunity of practice more an object than
wages. A.ldress box 1445. Call office.
WANTED— Position as janitor, light porter,
watchman or any position of trust; can fur-
nish highest references and testimonials aa
to integrity and sobriety. Box 1447, Call.
WANTED— Position as engineer, fireman or
night watchman by young man; will give
cash security as to responsibility. Addresa
box 1347. Call.
PLUMBER, first-class, will work by the day o»
month for property owner or estate; has all
necessary shop tools; ref. \Box 1429, Call.
SOBER man wants work of any kind; can do
most anything in or out doora, drive, pack,
sweep or clean. Box 1432, Call.
SITUATION wante'l by a young man who un-
derstands the care of horses and garien; a
good driver and porter. Address box 1437, CalL
GARDENER— Situation wanted by practical
man; city or country. Address 1722 Webster
St., Alameda.
YOUNG man wishes a situation as helper on
cakes; Oakland preferred. Address 813 Cen-
ter st.. Oakland.
SITUATION by American market gardener, or
will work on shares. Address box 1425, Call.
COLORED waiter wants situation as above, or
any place where can be made useful; ab-
stainer; age 24; good reference. H. ALEX,
326 Pacific St.. room 39.
YOUNG married man would like any kind of
employment; handy with machine tools; first-
class references as fireman. Box 1290, Call.
SITUATION by German; well acquainted with
grocery and wine business; good t.n--ke°iier;
can keep books. Address box 685, Call offlc*.
ENGINEER of 20 years' experience; 5 on loco-
motives and 11 with colliery company on
hi.istlng engines, steam pumps, electric
pumps and dynamos and 3 years repairing.
Address box 1234, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS shoemaker. German, with best
of experience on custom and pattern, would
like situation; city or country. R. Z., Dan-
ville, Contra Costa County.
SITUATION wanted by young man In offle*.
store or hotel; understands 4 languages, book-
keeping and correspondence. Box 1351. Call.
WANTED— Situation by first-class colored
cook; hotel, boarding house or private fam-
ily. Address Cook, 321 M, O'Farrell st.
GOOD painter, paper hanger and whltener, hav-
ing complete outfit of tools, wants work: city
or country. MERIGAN, 1302 Webster st.
WANTED— By young man and wife, posltlona
as valet or butler and maid; will travel;
best references. Box 1489, Call.
A WEEK'S news for 3 cents— The Weekly CalU
X pages, In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
CHAMBERMAID and laundressT72s~per~moT
MIS 3 CULLEN, 825 Sutter st.
RESTAURANT waitress, $6 per week. Misl
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NURSE, $25; maid and seamstress, willing to
travel. $25; 10 housework girls, city and
country, $20 and $25; 10 housework girls, $10
to $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter gt.
WAITRESS, sleep home. $20. MISS CULLEN
325 Sutter at.
INVALID'S nurse, $20 per month MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID. sleep home, tU. MiSd
CULLEN, 025 Sutter st.
NURSE, country, $1."; German governess, $25;
woman with a child, $10 per month. MiSd
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT second girl, $15; 2 second girls, $23 and
$20. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COOK. $35; neat girl, light work, $15. MIS 3
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
WAITRESS, railroad eating house, $20; wait-
ress, city, $20; waitress, 'Hanford, $20. MISd
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MAID and seamstress. $25. MISS CULLEN.
225 Slitter st.
COOK, delicacy store. $25. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
GERMAN cook. $30; Swedish or French cook,
HO. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK ffirls, Pinole $20. Suisun $jo!
San Jose $20, Stockton $25. .MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter -»,
2 WAITRESSES. $T£ per month each, same
hotel. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 'Phone Grant 185.
2 waitresses, country hotel. $22 30; 2 wait-
resses, country hotel, $20, fare paid: chamber-
maid and waitress, first-class country hotel,
$20; 3 chambermaids for country hotel, to start
15th, $20: 4 first-class waitresses, first-class
private boarding house, $20 ; restaurant wait-
ress. $6 a week. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 'Phone Grant ImT
2 second ffirls (French), $20 month; 3 first-
class cooks, German style, $25; 25 girls for
general housework, from $10 to $30. C. R.
HANSK.N ft m., |M Geary st.
2 FIRST-CLASS chambermaids for first-class
hotel In Southern California; to start th«
14th. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— 3 waitresses, country hotels. $20 and
$22 60; 4 wni tresses, city. $20 and $5 week; 2
French girls for cooking and housework. $20
and $31; 2 girls as cook and second girl, same
house. $20 and $15; German waitress and par-
lor maid. $25; German or Vienna cook, no
wash, $30; German second, girl, $20; Scotch
nurse and second girl, $25; French ladies'
maid, $25; a large number of girls for cook-
ing and housework in city and country, both
American and German families, at $15 to $30;
' too many to advertise separately. J F
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
» CHAMBERMAID^ Sir.; 2 cooks. $25; girl,
light upstairs work, $12; 10 girls, housework.
631 Larkin st.
GIRLS of all nationalities wanted at MIB3
WELLS' Emp. Of.. 1243^ Park St.. Alameda.
WANTED— Smart girl; table waiting and
chamberwork; small private boanllng-house;
wages $15: reference. Call between 2 and 3
p. m. at 1000 Van Ness aye.
COMPETENT French or German cook; city
reference required. Call at 2319 Buchanan at
Friday and Saturday mornings, 10 to 12.
NURSE girl, over 20, one child; wages til
Call after 9 a. m., 1638 Fell st.
WANTED— A refined German girl for upstairs,
waiting and sewing; references. Apply Fri-
day, I to .". p. m., at 24U Jackson st.
REFINED girl, German preferred, for 2 chlN
dren and light upstairs work; reference. Call
between 10 and 1 at 1033 Golden Gate aye.
GIRL to assist at light housework and cars
of children; wages $20; references. 1500 Gol-
den Gate aye.
WANTED— A waitress in hotel. 446 Brannaa
street.
WANTED— GirI for general housework; small
family. Apply 24 Kaker st.
APPRENTICES for dressmaking. Room IX
14 Grant aye.
SERVANT girl, German; must live home. 1051
Market st.; upstairs.
GIRL wanted to wait at table; sleep at home:
$8 per month. 924 Geary st.
ELDERLY lady to make herself useful in
liMlgiiii; house. 421 Bush *t.
YOUNG German girl to assist with housework.
$1- t i |18. (ali 1-s Lr.rkin st.
YOUNG e'.rl to assist with light housework.
2.77 Twenty-fourth st.
WANTKD Waitress for restauTant, $20 per
month. 638 Fourth »t.
GIRL for light housework; no washing; good
home. 16 Turk st.
QIRL to mind children at 1805 Halght at.
NEAT young girl to assist in small German
family. SOO Hampshire st., cor. Twentieth.
WANTED— First-Class hair dresser a"d mani-
must have worked in store. 1508 Polk.
WAITED— GirI for general housework. Apply
3«S Twentieth St., cor. Capp; with references-
after 9 a. m.
WANTED— A good, quick finisher on panta.
Apply 1590 Fifteenth st., cor Mission.
GERMAN girl in a small family to assist la
housework; ref.; wages »12. 3253 Flllmor*.HELP WaXTED- Continued.
SWEDISH. German or Danish girl to go to
Sulsun; housework. and cooking. Apply Im-
. mediately at 3256 Twenty-first, after 10 a. m.
OP-HRATORS "on white and flannel overshirta;
_ few inexperienced hands taken and tauaht.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. S6_ Fremont st.
i.WEETKS' sewing free, beginning this week.
Keister Tailoring College. 424 Geary st.
LEaRN dr«Fsmakinfc and millinery; positions
:.' free: patterns. !5c up. well's. 103 Post.
'"; " ' ~ HELP WAN D — MALE,
-...'MU^R-AV. _; READY Phone Main 5848
;'".; Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
*.':>,.::. :• Want To-day I
■V. 86,. wood choppers $1 and $2 50 cord j
.' :-jE.4 tlemaker- 8c to 12c each
..'" :.'inAT:. city Job $35
' ".MURRAY A READY. 634-C36 Clay st.
Walters Bakers |
,-•;; cooks... $40 and $30 and found '
■ 3 waiters! $25 and found !
■ ..-■ Thlr-' hand baker, city Job $30 and found ,
' ■■ MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St. ;
DRY goods clerks Drummers Butchers
'.. Clerk .country dry goods store iso
'.Drummer, wholesale liquor, city house
'■ .Butcher, city restaurant $40 and found
.-.MURRAY „ READY. 634-636 Clay St.
':'aT O. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.... Phone Grant 186
' • Second cook, country restaurant, $65; waiter,
country hotel. $30; porter and runner, coun-
.■ ' try hotel, $25. C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. 104
.. ' Gea.ry si .
. GANG railroad laborers; call early ready to go;
-.-.■. ship this morning. C. R. HANSEN _ CO..
, 1-4 Geary st.
-.-.SHIP Monday, January 16, for Skaguay; fare
.-.;■ ••sl2;sn. C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. 104 Geary St.
•■ Ay-ANTED— Driver for milk route In city, city
'"" : .'experience and references required, $35 per
•'. : -fA'tith and found: 2 more miners for good,
• ' ..'etea'dV Job, $52; farmers and others. W. D.
'.; r.WER & CO., 626 Clay st.
: "WAITED— t miners, $35 and $40 and board; la-
c .;•■' barters for mine, $26; carpenter and pump-
■■: rr.an for mine, $40 and board; colored cook,
■, ; : .:tt_: and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
;.•':'. CO.'. 628 Sacramento st.
; - -.WANTED— Coachman. city. $80: waiter, $30;
.". ;.-'c"<>.Jk. $.">:•: - washer. $20; elderly man for
■ ■•'cjv">ri?s;. hostler. $25; elevator boy. etc. AN-
.-.;•'. DRK'S, 316 Stockton st.
..W.ANTED — Experienced operators to sew on
-. ; ; _nen'J» shirts and underwear; a few inexpert
•ejtc'ed'will be taught. Apply between 10 a. m.
' •' 'ana 2p. m. at the L. ELK - CO., 29-31 Bat-
'./.•teryst.
.-.MEN, attention'. — Pacific House, corner Leides-
• • ;.'dbrff and Commercial Bts.; rooms, per night,
■:'■;•.' l3 _c,.20c and 25c; per week, 75c, $1 and $1 25.
. BARBER for Saturday, Sunday and Wednes-
'■•da.y: steady. 105 Fourth st.
.•' : JBAPRER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
;■ -. -. fey.ii;,. Howard et.
: : : iiADfES or gents can make $10 to $15 per week
•'.-'___* their homes. 331 Kearny st.. room is.
.- ;MA;N .to" take orders for printing at 420' Mon-
t'•• ''.: ".g.'-Werj- st.. room 33.
.. :W.AIT'ER wanted at lON Haight st.
:.-.'-%A'NTED— Young butcher. lIS Seventh st.
'.■•'• TO ■)?<■>• <hls week— 3oo fairs men's shoes, some
.>' .; ' n.eafjy new, from TOo to $1: new sh"»s. slipht-
■':;'■'; ' damaged, one-half price. 662 Mission st.,
. ;■_____: .First and Second sts. Open Sundays^
. : MKN- wanted everywhere to distribute samples
...i.' a-rid- advertise California Orange Syrup; $2
'; ' ■ per.. day and expenses; cash every week; par-
■";;.. ileulars tor 2-cer.t stamp. CALIFORNIA
, ':'-...OB;ANGE SYRUP CO.. San Francisco, Cal.
: ; :-RE.CRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
;•.':■: :'-riho Corps. United States navy; able-billed,
' :' men between the ages of 21 an! 30
■■'•:• jS'ears. who are citizens of the I'nite.i States.
•■'■.. "or "' those who have legally declared their In-
■ " !. tJsntion to became such: must be of good rhar-
; ..' :'■.'. fl-Vter and habits an.l able to speak, read an.! j
■ .' '. '•.'.write 'English, and be between 5 feet 5 Inches i
."'■ ■'■ .-and 6 feet in height. For further information j
':■ • '.apply at the Recruiting- Office, 40 Ell'.s St.,
;■■■"., San. Franclsoo, Cal.
"•.'•.WANTED— an.i mechanics to know
-.'<=•:' that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
...•."■"runs Denver House. 217 Thlri ft.: 150 largs
■ -■■.;rt.om« 1 2Se p«r night; fl to S3 p<r week.
• ••'.WANTED— At Montana House. 7«4H Mission
.'..'. St.. men to take r^oms; l^c, 35c and 25c per
: . . :.-. rri-s-ht: 60c, 90c and $1 per week. |
•• "'TOUNQ men.- seamen. 'oarp»:it a r*, hSacksrnitha, i
■ ;•:' fir .ships. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
• ' ":BARBERS" Progressive Union; free employ- i
I.' '•'■'ro'.t. H. Bernard, Pec. V>4 7th; tel. Jessie 1164. |
'. MEN to learn barber trade; ea>y terms. 1512 j
r -y. -Market Ft. j
■."■MKN and women to learn barber trade at Pan .
"•'•,; -'Francisco Barb»r College, 1384 Eighth st. ;
'•'. ' '.BARBERP' Association Free Employment
'.".■;■; Office; S. FUCHS. Pee. 325 Grant aye. j
.' J:v .Linden House, Sixth and Howard sts.: i
■'?• J . tho'rcVyjhly renovated ; 200 rms.: 15c. £5c night. ;
.C."'J?i.NG-;.S rooms, 15c. 20<~. 25c per night; 75c, $1 .
;■;'■'••;■. to '< :•> per wk. Eleho House. SG3 . Market st.
';. HvAN.TED— To collect wages due laborers and :
:'•■' clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st. J
■■.' .fA/ILORS and ordinary' seamen wanted at |
;."••■. JANE'S, ;■-* Davis «<t.. near Jackson.
: '.'SINGLE. furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
'_■.': •.rr>jqm. 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
.;-'I i sky Acme House. P57 Market St.. below Sixth,
; : ; '■■(■■ a room: 230 a night: $1 a week.
•■Winchester House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
... :.■ ket;- 2 ;> o rooms. 25c night; reading-room; free
••.*:- ; 'bus and baKeage to and from the ferry.
:..■.; AGENTS WANTED.
. 'WTF.-have a paying proposition id mako Pacific
Coast agent*; write us. THO3. FOOT . CO.,
'•. -.'S*7' "P.iuchet i"t., Los Angeles.
■'.-A'G'F.NT wanted tr sell good article and take
V "rriers. 32 Belcher «t.
:•. : . '■'. '■■ PARTNERS WANTED.
' PARTNER with $5000 In first-class paying busl-
':'.'-oC_k: will bear investigation. Address box
• - ; .ilf3. Call office, Oakland.
':■''■'■:/•_ ROOMS WANTED.
■' WANTED— A studio with north light near
. ..''..■Union- Square. 319 Powell st.
:; ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
GENTLEMAN wants, in good locality, board
;,' and furnished room, with bath and closet.
• ; ■; ;BCx 1436. Call office.
. WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
■ ' WANTED— Second-hand Reglna or sympho-
[ '.;.nlum> cheap. Address box 1454. Call office.
■'•...•,•;■ ':.. ■ DENTISTS. .
' : .VAN" VROOM Dental Parlor— Best work at
■ .". ; :lowesft -prices. Full set of teeth $5 up; fillings.
••' - : --lsc up. All work absolutely painless: written
.•■guarantee; painless extraction by electricity
: : . -our. .specialty; ten skilled operators: no »tu-
■i" ".dints; the largest and handsomest dental par-
■. • --Vor's west of Chicago; open evening and all
• day Sunday. Corner Sixth and Market sts.
'• A MIJTAL plate for the same price as rub-
■■ : '6e"r.: full _et of teeth, 55; crowns,, $3; flll-
'■'■': ings, ■ 60c; teeth without plates a specialty;
. '' 'written guarantee for ten years given on all
...work, no student," employed; extracting free
•■•"/. •w.hjsn plates are ordered; consultation free.
■ •'. '• Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
1 •'•■•/.Mason Bts. Entrance 8 Mason st.
■A '-F.ULL set of teeth. $5; see new flexible
• :'p_ktes; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
'• '..teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
i ■''ciur specialty; fillings, EOc; crowns, $3 50: all
• ■■ -Work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
;" -tarlPS' ors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
. BR:', GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 OFarrell st.. ex-
\ ' tracts, or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
. ;"'-.ful secret method; crowns $2. bridges $4; rub-
.. ■ -her 'or flexible plates $3; received 8 first
; . .';pHzes; r.o lents; guaranteed 12 years.
;■ .'.FULL set of teeth. $4: fillings. Be; 22k. gold I
' . • ; Crown*. $3: gold bridge, $5; plates repaired;
•..-•■-'painless extraction guaranteed. N. Y. DEN-
,. • 'TISTS, 9C9 Mission St.. cor. Sixth.
•. ;Cfi6.o - ME Dental Office; best work; lowest j
.1 .'prices; painless extracting, filling; crown and
':: - bT-ldge work a .specialty; plates, $5 up; filling,
•~- ____!____ 5S Market, bet. 3<l * 4th: est. 20 yrs.
. • "LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near !
- :: : Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
• .■; tpe'clalty; all work reasonable; gas given.
:_OO_TQN Dental \sso<?lation. SO6 Market st.
■. y. l ?.**-" CHARLES 'V. DECKER.
• .'. v S.EJ.-of teeth withouf~a plate DR. H. G. \
>-.::y.0t7X0.;1g41 P,.!k st.
■.'•PARIS f.enta; Parlors. 235 Kearny; tut of teeth |
■•■..*4; fil.ir.g. g■' rio>- : -liver. 2:'.e: crowns. $3. ,
: :\ . " ' lost.
..• fc.o REWARD, no questions asked?" forj return
•■ ,-• .of. -600 shares: Champion Mining Company '
• ' represented by cerl'.flcatea 1357 antl 1243; trans- |
■. . fer of share: has been stopped, and they
. ..-are of no vane to any one but owner- above
..•••reward will b- paid in gold coin for return ''■
■. ..; of -certificates at time and place indicated .
■..by letter to G SCHWAKZ. 1 O'Farrell st
„■'. : -or In i-er?onal column of The Call.
. '__OST— A doc of a whitish color, curly hair
.• bi,ack spot« on tack and head; In a retriever.
•• • a -liberal reward wili be given if returned to
•. ,H. SOHL. 751 Sacramento st.
" LOST— Monday nlpht. near Native Sons' Hall
*•■'• a diamond star: finder will receive liberal re-
: ;wa'td Apply 310 S—Mome st.
1/ iRT-r-Roll sheet muplc; Oakinnd ferry; liberal
• reward. Clifford Hotel. JOHNSON.
I£>ST— A pass book with The Hlbernla SavlngH
.."■.• and I»an Society of San Francisco. 'in the I
..; 'name of ELIJAH SHAW. No. 196-1093. The
. •■■finder wiH please return to bank.
•CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
' • Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
.''•■: Vni(ed States or Canada one year for $1.
' • : •ostaee paid.
MM>> CHANCES.
A— S2OOoT~c6rNER grocery- and bar; 10 living
rooms; rent $45; established 25 years; full
value in eight; choice location; north of Mar-
ket st. M. LESS, 765 Market st. ,_
A— sls.oo; FIRST-CLASS restaurant; north of
Market st., vicinity large public building,
where thousands pass daily; receipts $40 to
$50; cause sale, owners going East. M. LESS,
765 Market st. '
A— $1800; CORNER grocery and bar in Western i
Addition; established 8 years; doing a busi- |
ness from 8900 to $1200 a month. M. LESS, \
765 Market st^ !
$425— CANDY, cigars and branch bakery and
living rooms; old-established business; north
of Market; bears investigation. M. LEbb. ibo
Market st. ■".'■'■; .'.'■
CRISP and plain candy manufacturing;
wholesale and retail: easily learned; value in
slock and plant: clears $75 monthly. Lfc-fc>i>.
765 Market st. <
$125— GROCERY and bar; 4 rooms; rent $18; j
; owner there 15 years_LESS, m Market st.
1 RESTAURANT; principal street; cstab- !
: llshed 25 years: receipts $14: 4 living rooms;
partners cannot agree; genuine offer; investi-
gate. LESS, 765 Market st.
A— ssoo- PARTNER wanted In good-paying
■■ commission business; established years; ;
references exchanged. M.^LE>s, 7b5 Market!
A— s4oo- PARTNER in old-established !
■ commission business; first-class: paying. Call j
WILKE & UNFUG. 506 Market st.
A-J450: CORNER grocery and bar on ol f on ? |
1 St.; living rooms; rent $25; must be sold in 3 i
days; owner called to New _ork .City at
once; a sacrifice. WILKE UNFLG, 908
Market st. p I
i GENERAL merchandise store, connected with |
postoffice in lively country town; no oppo-
sition; building, two lots 25x150. $20uO stock
of mdse about $3000: a rare chance; t.NFLG,
vestigation given. Call WILKE _ L.NFLG,
906 Market at. ■
A— ITSO: CORNER grocery and bar with l!vin_
rooms: rent $25; choicest location In Mission;
nr Kth st.; fine bargain; ownerto leave for ■
Australia. WILKE _ UNFUG, 906 Market st. j
I A— slooo CORNER grocery and bar: established
I years; doing good-paying business; death of ;
! owner cause of sale; - living rooms; rent $4a.
WILKE & UNFUO. 906 Market st. |
I JMBZCORNERI fruit store. Western Addition; .
• * rent $12- living room?: owner 3 years. STEN-
BERG CO.. 26J4 Kearny st.- |
$700— REST \ URA NT. coffee saloon, opposite
ferry depot; handsomely furnished; doing :
eood business: thorough investigation before)
} buying. STENBERG CO.. 26U Kearny st.
: 1250— corner saloon; Mission: old estab-!
i tiished; doins good business. STENBERG !
i CO., 26' 2 Kearny st. I
I 7 TO buy or s=£'!l your businees quick for cash j
I apply to MOON & CO., ICOSVi Market st.
_^$l r .'V "SOBER, steady man wanted in estab- !
1 * li-hed business; pays $75 a month to each
' yearly. -MOON & CO.. IPOS'. Market st. _
I A--stoo- HALF cash; old-established business; 1
I iri.od team; will clear $125 a month: full in- '
j vestlgatlon; a snap. MOON _ CO., 100SV4 j
Market st.
A— s">:o ccrner saloon; 2 card rooms; $20 d«.ily;
! a snap. KREDO & CO.. 22% Geary St. 1
! __$iSQO: restaurant, near Market; $60 daily;
I ' best ever offered. KREDO & CO.. 22 . Geary. j
A— s4so; bazaar; large stock hardware, crockery,
etc.; clx-ap rent; living rooms. KREDO & CO.
, J2o(>— RESTAURANT; partner wanted; bargain.
j 632 Market St., room S.
j $sfi.-_TH E ATRIOAL business; partner wanted. j
j Particulars at 632 Market St., room 8.
j iZli<'<— PARTNER wanted on account of sick- !
' ness: Established business : to attend cash :
i counter: will clear $60 each per month. See !
M. LOEWENSTEIN. 34 Kearny; rms. 10 & 11. ■
j t ;i.(_-GREAT bargain; French restaurant; 25c
meals; b^st location; doing fine business. BA- I
SILE, 5734 Market st. i
A- $200: PARTNER wanted; lIS to $25 a week :
each; trial given: no expeiience required.
Western Investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED shoe store; between $3000 |
and $4000 sttx'k on hand; will sell very rea- i
soriable; owner going out of business; miles !
east of Sacramento. For further information {
inquire at 20S. Mason st. . i
LADY or gentleman of some literary or busl- I
' ness ability and 8.000 to Invest or loan for » <
days; can secure permanent and profitable |
office I _ti d in Washington. D. C. ; good;
references. I Box' 1452, call office. ' j
GOOD corner grocery and bar: Al stock and
fixtures; computing scales; cheap If taken at '
once. Inquire Call office. j
BRANCH bakery; 3 living rooms connected
with it;" rent $19; call to-day; no agents.
6U 1 . Larkin st. '
WANTED— Business woman wants partner.
with $300; man or woman. Address box 1430, j
Call office^ - I
YUKON miner, wishing to return to Alaska is
cr«en for any proposition. Box 1433, Call.
$350 CASH will buy a saloon and board
houee. Address box 1427, Call office. j
$30 PER share; 10 shares capital stock of realty j
syndicate; par value HOB. 503 California, r. 318. .
I $16,000 INVESTMENT: $2'jo weekly profit; thib I
will stand investigation. Box 1446, Call office. |
1 BAKERY in Redwood City; good outside and I
j Inside trade: 4 horses, 2 wagons; fine stock; .
i a bargain: account of sickness. Apply Call. .
! WANTED— Barber to buy old-established busi-
ness. L. TROST, 61i3 Clay st.
DINING ROOM 58-roo_a house to rent for
board. Bex 1443, Call office.
FOR sale— A good harness business In a lively j
town. Address JOHN ROCCA, JamestSwn,
Tuolumne fo., Cal.
j GROCERY _nd bar at bargain; leaving city.
I Call at 2029 Mission st.
1 1
, $60— CIGAR stand; If sold at once; owner leav-
ing city. 3 4 Fourth st.
: COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento St.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
$2&^"EW^Tfßlmu^E^T7lO^_is!
: Worth $609
35 rooms, $650. cash price ; $1300
26- room house; rent $50 '. 750
6-room flit; rent $2. 250
14 rooms; on Butter st 450
I 82 rooms; reduced from $5000 to 2500
12 rooms; on Market st; rent $40 450
I 10-room house; only 150
21 rooms: corner; clears $150 550
46-room house: corner 1200
Abstracts furnished showing clear title.
No contract from buyer or seller required.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
' $400— 10 ROOMS; new: elegant furniture; must
i sell; offer wanted. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
i $450— 19- ROOM house; rooms all rented. For j
j sale only by DECKER, 1020 Market st.
50 ROOMS Corner; all bay-windows; clears I
$200 month; prloe $1600. DECKER, 1020 Mkt. ;
; KREDO & CO 22M> Geary st. '
Money Advanced on All Houses.
10 rooms; Bush; parlors for millinery.... 650 j
II rooms; rent $20; clears $40 225
14 rooms; best on Stockton: a snap 500 I
21 rooms; Mission st. ; clears $100 1200 i
23 rooms; Fifth; fine business corner «00
j 85 rooms: Grant aye.; corner; new 1400
I 45 rooms; best corner Kearny st ISOO
A— s4ooo; 240 rooms; guaranteed to clear $350
per month; trial given. KREDO & CO.
1 FURNITURE of 7 rooms; good condition:
owner leaving; $150. MO Minna, 2 to 4 p. m. |
l3 b^?44rg^ S of C »c e tral: good raylngTXddr^ss !
box 1442, Call office.
COMPLETELY furnished rooming house (75
rooms) to rent, with privilege of buying-
centrally located: doing good business. Ad-
dress box 652. Call.
; gyg 1 rooma: all light rooms;
.IKMTIKI FOR SALE.
FOR sale— Lot nice furniture, carpets nlano
629 Post st. ; bargain.
_____ -__------------------_____________________
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, Id-hand machinery Me- i
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont si
A— BAR outfits, counters, shelving, showcases
(all sizes), office fixtures, cash register
scales, coffee mills, etc.. bought and sold; es-
tlmates given. J. SCHWERPT, 821 Mission.
KINETOSCOPE and moving picture films !
(new) : bargain for cash. 1505 Guerrero St.
FIRST-GLASS 2 h. p. gas engine; Improved pa-
tent sparker: guaranteed. 648 Mission; cheap.
TOOLS & machinery; every description bought
sold & exchanged; send postal. 645 Mission! i
ALL articles offered for sale are as good aa
new: your money back If not as represented
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye. preBntea -
sl6— LATEST style Slncr tailor machine •
large oak table. 812 A Filbert st.
WANTED— 6 to 10 cases of egg. per week. Box"
1317. Call office.
GASOLINE launch: good condition and fast*
price $1250. ■ Box 1301. Call office.
BARS, back bar*, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures: new and second hand J.
NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission at.
above Sixth.
FOR belting, pump cups, lace leather, pulleys,
etc.. Cal. Belt Co.. tel. Br. 331, 519 Mission.
BOILERS, engines, pumps, belting, dynamos;
second hand. WHITE'S, 516-SlB-520 Mission, j
BA FES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
-423 Sacramento st. .
6AFES— Bargains in new and second-hand: all
«lies: half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
ONE and 2 bowl barber wa*hstandi. cheap.
HLFSCHMIDT. 623 Gold«n Gate aval
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 13, 1899.
PERSONALS.
notice"; " ~— ~ ~ ■ : r
WM. EHRENPFORT
RETIRING SALE.
The old-established house of Wm. Ehrenu-
fcrt offers its stock of CARPETS. LINO- i
LEUMS, WINDOW SHADES, ETC.. at a I
sacrifice. This well-known firm has been in i
business 45 years, and its reputation for High- ;
grade goods and low prices have been exceled
by none. MR. EHRENPFORT announces to I
his friends and patrons that all the stock |
must be disposed of within 10 days. This I
sale means the positive closing of the old re-
liable house located at 1323 Market St.
THE SISTERS FRAULEIN SORENZEN. from
trlucksburg— Please call at 3(5>-i Geary. D. M.
A FRIEND wishes to Inform the former friends
and patrons of MME. A. WILLFORD (SO
years of age) that she Is now at the Park
House, corner of Twenty-fourth and Mission
sts., and would be glad to be helped to a
living by selling her excellent Hair Restorer
and Cleanser, or by applying it personally.
JOHN— Have you tried that 25c dinner at the '
Ralston? Salad, soup, fish, chicken, roast ;
goose, asparagus. Icecream, English walnuts, I
gpoo^wlne. black coffee and cognac. It's a i
We dinner for 25c. The Ralston. "S3 Market.
LEDERER-Is the leader In hairdressing here:
employs artists only: charges but 25c for styl- ,
ish coiffures; switches $1 up. LEDERER'S ■
Foama, fine shampoo, 5c pkg. 123 Stockton.
ELECTRIC, lights In every room: Winchester
House. 44 Third St., near Market; 200 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per weeK;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
DON'T let that worry you; LEDERER'S Qul-
nonla is the Hair Tonic that will make your
hair grow. 35c bottle. 123 Stockton st.
ARTISTIC, barrboo furniture, wholesale and re-
tall: . 11 kinds fancy work to order. K.
YOSHITANI & CO.. 313 Sutter st.
JAPANESE goods, bamboo furniture. Spanish
drawn work, wholesale and retail. Okuno
Company. 507 Larkin st.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale prices.
H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
THE MODERN, 31 4th. nr. Mkt.— Baths. _He:
separate entrance for ladies; first-class.
CLOTHING, especially ladies' and children's;
highest price; postal. H. Fabian. 1020 Folsom.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1410 gth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
DRESSMAKERS.
LEARN: dressmaking, ladies' tailoring, mil-
linery: special offer this week; perfect fitting
, patterns. McDowell School. 102 Post st.
SILK or cloth dress, $5 to $8; dress made over;
perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
SAX FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market; men and women teachers.
SPIRITUALISM,
ADVICE and Assistance for All. ~"~~-~~-
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Fee $1 and upward.
Reveals your c.-.tire life from the cradle to
the crave.
TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed i
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases en earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ncr- '
vous- affections. The wonderful cures which j
she has made are the talk of the whole slope. I
Address or call MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
1104 Market st. (The Vendome).
Corner Market. Mason and Turk sts.
ATTENTION— If you want to see a medium
■ see the best: tells everything; valuable In-
formation given to users of morphine; 5 ques-
tions by mail $1. LEANDER, 313 Eddy st. !
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium.
life reader: medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free: sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
WILLIAM HARRIS will hold a free test meet-
ing to-night. IC63H Howard st.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing: trumpet seance,
8 p. m., 25c. 409 Leavenworth ft.
MRS. MEN A FRANCES. Independent slate
writing medium. US Haiirht st. j
MRS. ELLIS: tests to all: Tues.-Fr!.. 2 p. m.
Mon. B; 2.-.C: sittings tT. t33 Valencia at.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— MRS. DR. F-. CLARK, permanently located
in San Francisco, at 1023Vj Market St.. bet. j
Sixth and Seventh: while entranced gives aid j
and advice which will overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions, make marriage with the one you love \
no failure, remove influence, bad habits; will :
give correct information on law suits, sick- I
ness, death, divorces, absent friends, etc.
N. B. — Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mail. Send stamp for circular, with special ;
terms, to MRS. DR. F. CLARK, 1023^ Mkt. ;
MRS. DALINE. arrived from the East; palm- i
istry and card reader. 953«_ Howard; satis-
faction guaranteed.
REMOVED— Lenemar. fortune* by plan- !
ets. 472 Stevenson st., cor. 6th, room 4.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader; \
past, present and future: 25c. 14$ 6th, rm. 10.
YOUR future told by cards. 25c. 1045. Mission
St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh, downstairs. *
SEND lock of hair and 50c with 5 questions.
1131 Broadway; king of mediums.
GYPSY life reader, of 3 Tth st.. now 92S Mis-
sion, bet. sth and 6th; 25c and 50c; no sign.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist,
101 Eddy and 13 Mason st., parlor 3.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE. card reading. 417
Bush st.. rooms 9 and 10.
MME. RAVENA reada life fluently: business
advice: names (riven: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
EVELYN FOWLER, mind reader and palm-
ist. Call 120 Ellis St., room 4.
MME. ETHEI. GRAY, scientific palmist, clair-
voyant and card reader. 1169 Mission, nr. Bth. :
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader: 250 up. 73 Fourth «., near Mission.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, fia? opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
aTß^p^r^on^'in^tXllme^ts^and
UPWARD.
$3 50 per month rent; new pianos.
Heine upright $235 00
Steinway upright IS7 50
Chickering upright £35 00
Sohmer upright 115 00
Knabe upright 275 00
And over 20 bargains from $40 up; buy direct '
of manufacturer and save $50 on each piano.'
Office of
HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO.,
136 Ellis St., Y. M. C. A. building.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6 |
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains
. In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO., i
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter :
stß., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. j
A LIST OF a FEW genuine BARGAINS—
Rogers & Bacon, upright; good order $95
Neuman. upright; thoroughly repaired — 145
Henry Miller, upright; cabinet grand 150
Chickering, . upright: good as new 285
All guaranteed; sold on eaey payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. Chickering Agents,
16 O'FarreU st. ■
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE*?.
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and i
all other musical Instruments of all grades :
and prices;, terms easy; prices lowest; every- I
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
THE best bargains In the city can be found !
at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st. Call and see ■
the stock in their elegant new rooms. I
AN elegant almost new Hallett & Davis up- i
right; cheap. Room 10, Flood building.
W G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento St., agent for j
Francis Bacon and Hallet _ Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 16
McAllister st., next Hlbernla Bank. j
SOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON j
MAUZY. Sole Agent, 803 Post st.
A FINE Stelnway and new Chickering upright j
sacrificed. KEEFFE'S, 1019 Van Ness aye.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. 308 Poet ft.
HAIN'ES Bros.' and other first-class pianos at j
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post. :
NEARLY new upright piano cheap: brilliant, j
* powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH- I
LER & CHASE. 30 o'FarreU St.. j
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H. i
M ULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place. i
HORSES.' ~ '
FOR sale— head of horses suitable for any
business; also lot of harness; at Turk-st. car
stables. 1301 Turk st. -
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, bujcjcles. i
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar- i
ket 321, Sixth: auction sales every Wednes- j
day. SUT.T.TVAN & DOYLK. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
100 SET second-hand harness; wagons, carts, '■
buggies, gurreyn and horses. 1140-Folsom st. ,
~ SEWING- MACHINES.
$3 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45. ■
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; j
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
_______________ __„
PHYSICIANS.
REMOVAL Notice— C. C. O'Donnell, offlce :
and residence. 1021H Market, bet. 6th and 7th, |
HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSES to let; all parts of city; send for ',
printed circular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 |
Montgomery st. i
PERP.Y. 212H— Bay-window house. 4 rooms; !
ren' $12 50; water free. Apply to G. H.
UMBSEN & CO.. Incorporated. 1
HOUSES to let for the New Year by BALD-
WIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery at.
FIRMSHED HOUSES TO LET.
$25— MODERN sunny furn. flat, 5 rooms, bath j
and laundry. 2166 Twenty-third, nr. Howard. I
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY bay-window cottage, 5 rooms; flat 6 i
rooms, bath, cheap. 1576 loth st. nr. Dolores.
FLATS TO LET.
FLATS to let for the New Yeax by BALD-
WIN _ HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
FILLMORE, 1912— Nice sunny comer flat. 7
rooms and bath; $25; half month free.
McALLISTER, 635— Sunny flat of 8 rooms; rent i
reduced to $25; bath and gas.
SUNNY finely finished flats; 6 and 7 rooms, i
baths and large basements; 721 Fourteenth St.. !
near junction Market and Fillmore sts. ; rents i
$18 and $20. !
SUNNY modern lower flat: 5 rooms and bath, i
224 Diamond st., above Nineteenth. i
3 LARGE sunny rooms, with kitchen; bath-
room. 1U- Folsom st.
FIRMSHED FLATS.
$)0 — SUNNY furnished flat: 5 rooms and bath: |
rent SIS; all conveniences; no agents. Ad-
dress box 1424. Call.
ROOMS FOIt HOUSEKEEPING.
CLAY. 2419, near Fillmore— 2 large unfurnished i
rooms; yard; water; rear; $7.
EDDY. 917— Desirable sunny connecting house- !
keeping rooms; upper floor; private residence. '
FIFTH. 353— Clean, sunny, furnished 3-room
flat, $20; also 3, $12; 2, $12; single, $5.
FILLMORE, 2114—2 sunny rooms; furnished for |
housekeeping.
FOLSOM, 863— Large sunny bedroom, adjoining
kitchen; yard; complete housekeeping.
FOLSOM. 1156— 3 sunny rooms, complete for
housekeeping ■ rent $12 50. •
HOWARD. 829— Rooms, 51 to $5; per night, 25c
to SI; also housekeeping.
KEARNY. 230— Newly furnished housekeeping j
rooms; also sunny front rooms; reasonable. '
McALLISTER, 422— Sunny front room, with 1
kitchen.
MISSION, 563—1 or 2 nice housekeeping rooms;
cheap.
SEVENTH, 454, cor. Bryant— A sunny 5-room
flat; apply between 1 and 3.
PIXTH. 2104— Nice Targe sunny front rooms !
for light housekeeping; reasonable; adults.
THIRTEENTH. 318—2 large sunny connecting
rooms complete for housekeeping; rant rea-
sonable.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3367. near Mission— 2 large '
front sunny housekeeping suites, furnished
complete, $10 and $il I
WASHINGTON. 2007— Upper floor of 3 large
sunny housekeeping ro^ms and bath: rent $16.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant 1
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class j
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
single: facing plaza: day or month.
BIRCH aye., 507 A near Octavia— Nice bay- j
wtttdow room; furnished or unfurnished;
rent So. j
BALBOA, The— lo49A Market st.— Suites, $15
per mo. upward; $1 per day; elevator; tfl.
BOHEMIA. 23y Post— Elegant cor. sunny suites ,
and single rooms to families and gentlemen;
all conveniences; elevator, etc.; reasonable. I
BRUNSWICK— I4B Sixth st.. corner Howard— \
rooms en suite or single, 25c to $1 a night; |
$1 25 to $5 week; open all night; Howard-st. I
cars pass house direct from all trains.
BURNETT. 1361 Market st-Nicely furnished
rooms; suites and single also, unfurnished.
BUSH. 805 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms $5
month; also other rooms reasonable.
DELAWARE. 1433 Market— Furnished or un- •
furnished single and double rms. ; $3. $10 mo. ;
EDDY, 118 — Sunny pleasant furnished rooms;
centrnl; very desirable: $6 per month upward, j
EDDY. 207— Nice single room, $5; double, $3 |
and S10; with qua and bath. |
FIFTH. 438 (Mechanics' House)— Rooms, single '
or suite. $1 wk. up: transient. F. W. Gardener, j
FILLMORE. 1K0 — 3 elegapt sunny corner rooms, j
suitable for light housekeeping or professional
Office. " j
FURNISHED— Two single room, for rent. Ap-
ply 2V29 Sixteenth bet. Mission and Howard.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 730— Sunny front room; j
lady or gentleman; gas; bath; $7.
GOLDEN West Lodging House. 439 Jackson St..
bet. Montgomery' and Sansome: rms. at 10c, 1
15c and 20c per day; $1 per wk.. $3 per mo. !
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant _unny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family ;
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week. j
HOWARD, 955%— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms and bath, $1 per week and up.
HOWARD, 1343, near Tenth— l large unfur-
nished front rooms with bath; cheap.
JESSIE, 369— Front room: grate and mantel;
folding bed; $7 per month.
MASON, HB— Nicely furnished sunny single
room: ?2 per week up. |
MINNA. 2«— Furnished rooms for rent.
MISSION, 1520— Front single furnished room
to let.
MISSION. 2."33— Partly furnisher! 8 rooms; mod-
ern conveniences; warm belt; suitable for
doctor.
NEW elegantly furnished rooms for gentlemen;
a nice home: reasonable. 534 Turk st.
NINTH. 113— Nice sunny furnished rooms; run-
ning water; private family.
O'FARRELL, 20 — fc-unny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day. week or month.
PINE, 514 A. near Kearny — Nicely furnished
sunny rooms: single or en suite; moderate.
SEVENTH. 214 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms I
suitable for 1 or 2.
FHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth et..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, 136— Large front parlor, suitable for
dressmaker; double room for light housekpg.
SUTTER. 1111 — Clean and comfortable rooms;
single and en suite: reas.; housekeeping.
TEHAMA. 449— Nicely furnished large front
and one single room; reasonable.
TWELFTH, «0, near Market— Nicely furnished
front room, for 1 or 2; with gas; $8 or $7.
ROOMS AM) BOARD.
BUSH, 534— Newly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms, with or without board; reason-
able.
FIRST, 416— Swedish private boarding, with
room. U a week up: elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Fairrnount. 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture; first class in every respect; table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water: elevator;
suites, with board for 2, $50 a month up.
O'FARRELL, 742 — Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board: reasonable: table board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
EXPERIENCED nurse wishes child to board;
terms reasonable. 673 Harrison st.
STORES TO LET.
PACIFIC, 324 and 325. corner Sansome— Large, I
handsome stores; very cheap. I
OFFICES TO LEf.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market st^
Light, heat. Janitor and telephone; rents $11 5«
to $20. ASHTON _ GARDNER, room «0.
A SUNNY corner, suitable for offices; single
or suite. 120fi Market st., cor. Golden Gate.
CiBPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cl"e>_ns?
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr..
38 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become dl&gusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet- 1
beating Works. 333-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at So.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth at.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th I
St.; cleaning 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLINS Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden I
Gate aye.. tel. East 126. j
TYPSir\V RTTEUS.
All typewriters sold and rented, few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER&CO..IIO Montgomery.
A HAMMOND. $25; Callirraph. $15; Yoßt, $_5;
get sample work. SCOTT. 333 Montgomery St.
STORAGE.
A NEW fireproof brick bldg. ; cut rates. SCRIb!
NER & CO.. 1145 Mission St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
Storage and Moving Co,
Offlce 401 Post st.. cor. Powell; tel. Main -7UL j
CITY REAL. ESTATE.
$20 MONTHLY will buy a new 7-room and bath
cottage with all the latest Improvements;
only one block from the electric cars. JACOB
HEY MAN. 11 Montgomery st.
HOUSES built for $150 a room and up: repair
work done: will call. GEO. M. SALSBURY.
Builder. 521 X st.. Sunset District.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
GOVERNMENT lands located: scrip or home-
stead: entry- For information apply to J. C.
RICE, between 3 and 5 p. m., at surveyor's
office, 11 Montgomery st.
40 ACRES rich fruit and grain land; fine dis-
trict near San Francisco: bargain. 11., box
1292. Call office. _ .
HOMESTEAD claim; 160 acres; Tehama Co.;
near railroad: wooded, arable: $100. R. H.
CROSS, 6th floor, room 11. Mills building.
FOR SALE— Country home of F. S. Wensin-
ger: 625 acres, with profitable dairy. Apply
to owner on premises. Freestone. Sonoma Co.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
WILL exchange 3 claims on Dominion Creek,
Klondike country, for quartz property in Cali-
fornia. Apply to C. A. MACOMBER, 916
Market St.. room 28. between 10 and 12.
LOTS to exchange for little ranch; about $1500.
Address box 1256. Call office.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ACKNOWLEDGED to be responsible, respect-
able and reliable; loans r.ade on diamonds.
Jewels, stocks, bonds and all articles of value;
lowest interest; private entrance and room:
perfect secrecy; phone Brown 323; our own
building: established 1861. UN«_i-.E HAR-
RIS, 15 Grant aye.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission st., above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 545 Market st. : tel. Main 1644.
LOANS to salaried people: no security except
name. New Era Loan Co.. 1003% Broadway.
Oakland. Hours. 10 to 3.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
t moval: low rates: no commission: $25 up;
private party. RONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
ANY amount of 6% per cent on real estate. 2d
and 3d mortsages. estates, real estate In pro-
bate. R. MrCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3. i
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF- i
FICE. 22 Mason St.. opp. Olympta Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com- ;
mission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister St.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$50 TO $30,000: lowest rates: Ist and 2d morts?. :
nrv r>rnnn«lt'nn. Drvifi 413 Mnnteimi>rv st.
FINANCIAL.
WANTED— interested in 2 valuable ad- '
vertising inventions (patented); want re-
sponsible party to form company to handle
them. Address box 1437. Call office.
NOTES discounted; loans negotiated. STL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker, 32? Montgomery.
MEDICAL.
ALL ladles will be glad to learn that, Mrs. Dr.
Gwyer, formerly of 22S Turk St., has returned
to the city and resumed business; a sure and
safe cure for all female diseases from what- j
ever cause: all those who are sick or discour- i
aged should call on the doctor and state their
cases before going eleswhere; they will find ,
her a true friend; home for patients, with
every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed by ;
MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy St., between ,
Hyde and Larkin.
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies, >
true friends of all invalids, men and women; :
50 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar- ;
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace I
• avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief, j
though else fail: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated: no de- ,
lay; self -cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 122$ Market St.;
pills, 41: very strong, $2.
ALL cakes of monthly Irregularities restored
instantly (no matter what cause); safe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fail; i
.travelers helped without delay; home in con- I
finement; skillful medical attention; all those i
who are sick and discouraged consult the re- j
liable specialists free and confidential. MRS. j
DR. WYETH. 208 Turk st., near Jones. j
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsulea are guaranteed ;
absolute cure for all female diseases: posl-
ttve'y safe and sure; no danger of after ef- I
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre- .
ventive; price $1 50 per box, sent free by mail
on receipt of price; consultation on all special \
diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23 Grant
are.; S. F. A caution— Before purchasing I
elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female troubles; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing; j
every woman her own physician: safe and !
sure; no medicines or instruments used; con- j
sultation free; pills and capsules, $1: cure, $5.
By the well-known ladles' physician for 27 j
years. Call and see me for a safe cure. DR.
POPPER. SIS Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause; no instruments used; guaranteed cure
at office, $3: travelers helped instantly: consult i
free: hours 9 a., m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR. i
; KOHL, 1122 Market, bet. Mason and Taylor. '
AILMENTS— in trouble see Drs. Good-
win free; reliable, safe and sure; cure in 24 ;
hours guaranteed: any complaints; no instru- ;
ments; maternity home; best medical at-
tendance; cure $3. Removed from 401 D Van
Ness to 1362 A Mkt., bet. Jones & City Hall ay.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned spe-
cialist; all monthly irregularities restored;
whatever cause: all cases relieved immediate-
ly; call or write: confidential. 1023-4 Market.
ALLmarried ladles know •'Seguro." the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS & CO., *08 Clay st. ;
$1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU-
RO MFG. C 0.,, 531 X St.. Sacramento. Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1812 Golden Gale
aye. ; private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate: Infants adoxited into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
BELLEVUE Sanitarium— Ladles cared for dur-
ing confinement. 727 Bellevue av.,Los Angeles.
LADIES In trouble see DR. WILMONT. mld-
■ ■wife, 101 Eddy st., room 9; consultalton free.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; pleasant sunny home
in confinement. 1 156 Second St.; tel. Green E2.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
, Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. ,
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mintngTas^
say'nr. blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eral. =»■— -ring, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing.
BUSINESS— business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English: 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
Healds 1 Business College. 24 Post st.
A SINGING and operatic training school, Paris
graduate; classes now forming; term. 6 mo.,
$75 pla.no; languages, French and Spanish,
course, $30; special training during second
term for Paris Exposition, 1900. Rooms 6 and
20, Mercantile bldg.. 530 Golden Gate aye.
ROBERT F. GALLAGHER'S Practical Short-
hand and Typewriting School; court reporter
17 years; pupils qualified to be court reporters;
' terms reasonable; special evening speed class.
Parrott building, rooms 430-31-32.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st. ;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
scholarship, $50: low rates per week and mo.
PROF. MERKI. 1003 Mission, nr. Sixth— Violin,
mandolin, guitar. Juvenile class, $1 monthly:
guitarists wanted 'or mandolin club: no dues.
A LADY teaches piano & mandolin thoroughly;
50c hour; excellent pianist & accompanist for
entertainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavia st.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit. : day & «ye. ;
est. ISC4. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory In
Lelpslc; lessons. 75c. 110 Hyde st.
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE. 3941 24th St.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
ket St.; 400 positions secured in last 2 years.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught: short time. Tarr. ,72 Parrott bldg,
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law. S5O Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market St.
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collection,
free advice ; open f"gs. Atty MoCabe. 103 Larkin.
L. S. CLARK— Spreckels blag.. 927 Mar-
ket: consultation free: no fees In advance.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for' , subsistence stores.— Office - !
Purchasing Commissary, San Francisco. Cal..
January 3. 1899.— Sealed proposals for furnish-
ing and delivering of such quantities of sub-
sistence stores, as per circular to be seen at
this office, will be received here until 11
o'clock a. m., Saturday, January 14, 1899, and !
opened immediately thereafter in presence of
bidders. Specifications, general instructions
to bidders and blank form of proposals will
be furnished to established dealers on appli-
cation to W, ■H. BALDWIN, Colonel. Pur-
chasing; Commissary. U. S. V. • '
.■* - -
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HEAL ESTATE.
ELEGANT home, A :ams Point property. ad-
Joining Vernon Heights; a beautiful new resi-
dence, just built; 9 rooms, bath, reception
hall, two pantries, etc.; plumbing latest and
best: plate glass windows; hot air heater,
with pipes to all rooms and halls; lot 50x125;
more land* can be had if desired; this is
certainly a model residence: picture of same
will be sent on application; price $6000; terms
to suit purchaser. LAKE SHORE LAND
CO., A. H. BREED, manager, 1070 Broadjvay,
Oakland. Cal. '
OAKLAND FL'RWITt RE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh ' st. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AL.AMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$800 — 60\1*5 LOT on San Antonio aye.
— 50x268 lot on Benton St.. near Santa
Clara «.ve.
Jlsoo— New 5-room cottage, on Grand st. ; work
all done.
$2500—50x200 house, 8 rooms: windmill and
tank.
$3500 — 50x150 elegant new house, 8 rooms;
modern;; at Morton-st. station: easy terms.
Bargains in all parts of Alameda. Office
open Sundays. - i
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 Park St.. Alameda. |
RERlvui.. " REAL ESTATE.
A VERY sensible New Year's present— A love- ,
ly cottage of 7 rooms; all the latest improve-
ments: street work all done and near the
university; a regular poem. J. J. MASON. ;
real estate, Berkeley station. I
to . LEASE.
THE St. Charles Hotel, Redwood City; recent-
ly renovated: to lease; rent reasonable. Ap-
ply H. C. SMITH, Hotel St. Nicholas, city.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Clarence L. Lackey and Irene McGee 26-22
George Praetorius and Emelle Ebert .25-21
Alfred Cellier and Margaret Ryan 28-18 I
Christian Phillipsen and Roxey Dennis 3S-38
C. F. Humphrey, and Elizabeth Warren.... 27-21
Fred A. Bastian and Ella J. Lincoln 25-23
Clarence W. Webster and Pearl 8r0wne... 23-21
Harry L. Patrick and Maud L. Smith 32-20
Jacob Karo and Fannie Boyarsky 27-19 J
' BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage' and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per- ;
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
KORNFIELD— this city. January 11, 1599, to
the wife of Nathan Kornfield, a son.
LANDO— In this city, January 9. 1899, to the
wife of Henry Lando, a daughter.
MARRIED.
BERNARDIS— SHEPLER— In this city. De-
cember 24, 1898, by the Rev. Dr. Charles Ed-
ward Locke, John Bernardis and Ella T.
Shepler, both of San Francisco.
BERSTANDIG— JACOBS— In this city. Decem-
ber 25. IBSB, by the Rev. M. S. Levy. Max
Berstandig and Sophie Jacobs, both of Carson,
X.'v.
BROWN— PETERSON— In this city, December
31. 1838, by the Rev. Dr. Charles Edward
Locke, Antone Brown and Adela Feterson,
both of Oakland,' Cal.
BURNES— ENNIS— In this city, December 31,
1898, by the Rev. Dr. Charles Edward Locke.
William" J. Burnes and Jennie Ennis, both of
San Francisco.
CHAMBERLAIN— MESPELT— In this city. De-
cember 24. 1898, by the Rev. Dr. Charles Ed-
ward Locke, Allen B. Chamberlain of Santa
Rosa. Cal., and Rose Mespelt of Albany, Or. I
COHEN— COHN— In this city, December IS.
1898, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Mellie Cohen
and Eva Conn, both of San Francisco.
CUNNINGHAM— SMITH— In this city, January !
2, 1899, by the Rev. Dr. Charles Edward.!
Locke, James Charles Cunningham and Stella I
Helen Smith, both of San Francisco.
GHEEN— PORTER— this city. January 11, i
1599, at the Howard-street Methodist Episco-
pal Church, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wil-
son, John Wesley Gheen and Agnes Viola :
Porter, both of San Francisco.
KINSPEL— OLINSKY— th's city, January 1,
1599, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Harry Kinspel
. of Bakersfleld and Lillle. Olinsky of San
Francisco.
PETERSON— NICHOLS— In this city, Decem-
ber 29, IS9B, by the Rev. Dr. Charles Edward
Locke, Ernest F. Peterson and Edith G.
Nichols, both of San Francisco.
REINHEIMER— In this city, January
1, 1899, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, M. Rein-
heimer and Ella Conn, both of San Fran-
cisco.
SOLARI-CAVANA— In this city. December 24,
IS9S, by the Rev. Dr. Charles Edward Lock*.
John A. Solari and Annie E. Cavana, both
of San Francisco.
DIED.
Allison, George M. Lewis. William A.
Andrews, William O. McGregor, Robert E.
Bailey, Mary E. Maher, Mary M.
Caldwell. Hugh M. Martin. John P.
Campbell, Alice Meagher, Michael
Campbell. Mary A. Meyer, Emma
Dillon, Mary Nelson, Ella F.
Dodson, Lorlng G. Nolan, Joseph F. Jr.
Dryer, Henry O'Brien. Catherine
Fogarty, Thomas F. O'Brien, Katie
Foster. Mrs. Jennie O'Connell. John J.
Gelssler, Joseph O'Keefe, Michael
Gunnerson. Augusta Regan. Mary A.
Hindman, Edmund Rose, Nettle ■
Hoffman, Seligman Sutter. Minnie
Honen, Andrew Taber, Charles
Killen, Ellen Whaley, Theresa
Mr •, John K. Waldeck. Henrietta
Lane, Jullu3 A. Woods, William M.
ALLISON— In ths city, January 12. 1899, George
Milton,' beloved son of Janiea G. and Nancy
B. Allison, and brother of Mrs. L. Rudolph,
Mrs. L. T. Delano, Mrs. J. M. Daily and Rub-
ert Allison, a native of California, aged 32
years 2 months and 7 days.
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 436 Guerrero street. . Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral car.
ANDREWS— In Bolinas, January 11. 1599, Wil-
liam 0., beloved husband of the late Hanna
Andrews, and father of Mrs. Anna Hutchln-
son, a native of Massachusetts, aged 85 years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from his late residence
In Bolinas. Interment Bolinas.
BAILEY— this city, January 11, 1599, Mary
E.. wife of the late Joseph H. Bailey, a na-
tive of New York, aged 70 years 10 months !
and 27 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect- j
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Friday), at 2 o'clock, at her late
residence, 830 Union street. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
CALDWELL— In this city, January 12, 1899, I
Hugh Maxwell, beloved husband of Mary K.
Caldwell, and father of Albert Caldwell, a
native of New York, aged 46 years.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are Invited to
attend the funeral services to-morrow (Sat-
urday), at 2 o'clock, at his late residence,
129 Diamond street. Interment private.
CAMPBELL— In this city, January 12, 1899, \
Alice, beloved daughter of Mark J. and Rose j
E. Campbell, a native of San Francisco, aged i
6 months.
CAMPBELL— * this city, January 12, 1899. I
Mary A., beloved wife of Shadrick Campbell, j
dearly beloved mother of James Campbell, '
sister of Mrs. Blum, Mrs. Williams, James I
and Josle Foley and the late Mrs. Caroline
Jeffress, and daughter of the late C. C. Foley,
a native Of Marysville, Cal.
(CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
DILLON— In this city, January 11, 1899, Mary, |
beloVed wife of Patrick Dillon, and mother of I
John Dillon, a native of County Cork, Ire-
land, aged 55 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi- j
dence. 43 Federal street, off Second, between '
Bryant and Brannan. thence to St. Brendan's ■
Church, where a requiem high mass will be I
celebrated for the repose of her soul at 9 I
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DODSON— In East Oakland, January 12, 1899,
Loring Grant, son of Samuel T. and Cathar-
ine J. Dodson, and brother of Samuel T. and j
N. L. Dodson and Mrs. Nettie Gourley, a na- i
tive of California, aged 29 years.
DRYER— On Grand Island, Colusa County
Cal., January 10, 1599, Henry Dryer, a native
of Germany, aged 63 years.
£7" Interred by Coroner J. B. McNary at
Colusa January 12, 1899.
FOGARTY— In this city. January 11. 1899.
Thomas F., beloved husband of Sadie Fo-
garty, son of Michael and Mary Fogarty,
brother of William J., Jennie, Charles E., |
Nellie, Florence and James' Fogarty and i
Mrs. David Wilson, and brother-in-law of i
Mrs. F. Lauterwasser, Mrs. T. Jones and i
John Butler, a native of San Francisco, aged
29 years.
[DTri.»nds end acquaintances -. ...... .
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
January 15, at 1 o'clock, from his late resi- i
dence, 68 Converse street, thence to St Jo- I
seph's Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery-
FOSTER— In this city. January 10. 1899, Mrs.
Jennie Foster, loving mother of Mrs. J. M i
Currie of San Francisco, Mrs. S. F. Taylor
of Boston and Frank F. Foster of San Fran- ;
cisco, a native of Nova Scotia, aged 57 years |
8 months and 4 days. (Nova Scotia and Bos-
ton papers please copy.) i
JET" Friends and acquaintances are iospr'.-t- ;
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, at the i
First Congregational Church, corner Post and I
Mason streets.
GEISSLER— In this city, January 12, 1599, Jo-
seph, beloved ' husband of Anna Gelssler,'
father of Leopoldine Maurer, and grand-
father of Oscar and Frederic Maurer, a na-
tlveof Austria, aged 83 years and 6 months.
E?"The funeral will take place to-morrow
' (Saturday), at i" o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2220 Twenty-fourth street, corner of
Kansas, thence to Odd Fellows' Cemetery,
where the remains will be cremated. Incin-
eration orivate. Please omit flowers.
I GUNNERSON— In thii city. January 12, 1899,
; Augusta Gunnerson, a native of Sweden, aged
! 42 years.
; HINDMAN— In Oakland, January 10. 1899, Ed-
: mond, Hindman. a native of Connecticut, aged
: 86 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
j this day (Friday); at : c'c'.orlt, rt :\e First
; ConKregational Church, corner Twelfth »nd
i Clay streets Interment private; Mountain
View Cemetery.
HOFFMAX-In this city, January 11, 1899,
Sellgman, beloved husband of Lena Hoffman,
and father of William S., Eugene, Jessie
and Alice Hoffman, a native of Germany,
aged 66 years 7 months and 12 days. (New
York. X. V.. papers please copy.)
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
; dence. 1612 Geary street. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
HONEN— In this city, January 10, 1899, An-
drew, beloved son of . Gabriel and Maria
Honen, and brother of Charles and Mamie-
Honen. a native of San Francisco, aged °t!
years 10 months ■ and 20 • days. (Santa Cruz.
j Cal., and St. Louis, Mo., papers please copy.)
{E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents. 22 Silver street. Interment Ma-
I sonic Cemetery-
j KILLEN— In this city. January 12. 1599, Ellen,
beloved wife of John Killen. and mother of
i James J. Killen. Mrs. William Sullivan and
Mrs. R. Nugent, a native of County Down,
| Ireland, aged 60 years.
j KROPP— In this city, January 11. 1899, John
! E.. beloved son of. Ellen and the late Ernest
H. Kropp. and brother of Walter E., Laura
M. and Henry W. Kropp and- Mrs. N. H.
Stover, a native of San Francisco, aged 21
years 1 month and IS days.
E7Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the family
residence, 1115 Vallejo street, thence to St.
Brlgid's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
j of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
LANE— In this city, January 12, 1599, Julius
Arthur, beloved husband of Helen Shlpman
Lane, and beloved father of Fannie 8., John
Harold, Emma L., Rose H.. Jennie 8., G. i
i Shipman, Margaret P., Edith C. and Marlon
Rodgers, a native of Illinois, aged 50 years
7 months and 6 days.
LEWIS— the City and County" Hospital,
j January 12. 1599. ■ 'William Albert Lewis, a na-
j tive of lowa, aged 42 years.
: McGREGOR— In Los Angeles, January 10. 189$.
Robert Evans, son of the late JoseDh and'
F&nn'e McGregor, a native of Pan Francisco,
aged 35 years 4 months and 12 days. * • :•:<
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from Native Sons' Hall.
" 414 Mason street. Funeral under the aus- ;
pices of Marshall Parlor No. 202. N. 8. G. W.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. , .
MAHER— In this city. January 12. 1899, Mary ■
M., beloved daughter of Martin and Mary
Maher, aged 8 months and 15 days.
MARTIN— In this city, January 12, 1899, John
P., dearly beloved son of John A. and Annie
M. Martin, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year 2 months and 6 days.
MEAGHER —In this city, January 11, 1399, j
Michael, beloved husband of the late Alicia
Meagher, and brother of Thomas, William J.
and the late John F. Meagher, a native of
County Limerick, Ireland, aged 62 years.
C7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:15 o'clock, from his late rest-'
dence, 321 Oak street, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, corner Fillmore and Fell streets,
.where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of hi? soul, commencing at 9:45 '
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by"
11:30 o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
: MEYER— In this city, January 11. 1539, Emma,
beloved wife of John Meyer, mother of Annie :
and Willie Meyer, daughter of the late Fred- ;
crick and Caroline Heydenreich. and sister
I cf Emil Heydenreich an! the late Frederick,
Heydenreich, a native of New York, aged :
i 35 years.
C^Frlend? and acquaintances ire re.-nect- .
j fully invited to attend the funeral tn-morrov'
I (Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
! dence, 37 Bruce place, between Folsom and'
Harrison. Seventh and Eighth streets. In- '
terment National (Presidio) Cemetery.
NELSON— In South San Francisco, January It, '
1899, Ella F., beloved wife of George Nelson,
mother of Willie and Mamie Nelson, sister
i of Mrs. Maggie Kirk, and aunt of Ella F. and
May G. Kirk, a native of Brooklyn, X. V..
aged 35 years.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect- .
fully invited to attend the funeral this day '
(Frday>, at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
| dence, 1722 Twelfth avenue. South San Fran-
cisco, thence to All Hallows Church, where
! a solemn requiem- mass will be celebrated for
! the repose of her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
: NOLAN— In this city, January 11, 1893, Joseph
Francis Jr.. beloved son of Joseph F. and
Maud T. Nolan, a native of San Francisco,
' aged 5 months and 28 days.
(trinterment private.
O'BRIEN— In this city, January 12. 1899, Cath-
! erine, beloved wife of the late John O'Brien,
a native of County Cork. Ireland, aged 75
! yeai ft.
Friends and acquaintances are respect- .
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 314 Beale street, thence to St. Bren-
dan's Church for services. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
O'BRIEN— In this city, January 11. 1899. Katie,
beloved daughter of Margaret and the late
Michael O'Brien, and sister of John O'Brien,
a native of San Francisco, aged 20 years 8
months and 7 days.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 103 Natoma street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'CONNELL— this city. January 11, 1899, \
John Joseph, dearly beloved son of Margaret
and the late Morris O'Connell, brother of
Morris, Margaret, Luke and Nora O'Connei!.
and stepson of George O. Keyes. a native of
San Francisco, aged 23 years and 1 month.
,E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, frcm the • residence
I of his parents, 130 Twenty-eighth street, ba-
tween Church and Dolores, thence to St.
Paul's Church, Twenty-ninth and Church
i streets, where a requiem high mass will be.
celebrated for th« rejjose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
O'KEEFE— In this city, January U. 1599,
Michael, beloved son of Daniel and Abigail
O'Keefe, and brother of Daniel and the late-
Patrick O'Keefe, a native of Philadelphia,
aged IS years and 23 days.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect- ,
' fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the residence'
of his" parents. 1407 Mason street, thence to
St. Francis Church for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
» REGAN— In this city, January 11. 1899. at h<—
residence, 290 Clara street, Mary Ann Reg -a
(formerly Mary Ann Hawkins), beloved wife
I of Daniel Hegan. and sister of the late Kate
McCulloug'a, a native of Klllywill, parish of
Faulkenvale, County Derry. Ireland, aged 60
I years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1235 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to ' St. Patrick's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated fop the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
; vary Cemetery.
ROSE— In this city, January 11, 1899, Nettie,
beloved wife of I. A. Rose, a native of New
York, aged 44 years.
(CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of :
I G. F. Atkinson. 11 Clementina street. Inter-
| ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SUTTER— In this city, January 10. 1899, Min-
nie, beloved wife of Gabriel Sutter, mother
of Maria Baumann, daughter of Caspar and
Sophie Baumann, and sister of Lena. Josie,
Maria, Isadore, Willie, Frank and Annie
Baumann, a native of Canton Url, Switzer-
land, aged 26 years 3 months and 14 days.
inXFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
TABER— In the City and County Hospital.
January 12, 1599. Charles Taber, a native of
Rhode Island, aged 76 years.
WHALEY— In this city, January S. 1599, The-
resa, dearly beloved and only daughter of
I Susie Murray Whaley. and granddaughter of
Mrs. J. D. Murray, aged 9 years.
WALDECK— In this city, January 9, 1599, at
her residence, 110 San Jose avenue, Henrietta
| Johanna, beloved wife of Ernst Waldeck, and
mother of Minna. Frledrich.and Emma Wal-
deck, a native of Essen, Hanover, Germany,
aged 49 years 7 months and 24 days. (New
York Staats-Zeltung please copy.)
C 7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery-
WOODS— In Merced County, January 11, 1899,
William M , beloved husband of Susie E.
Woods, father of Florence and Elmer Woods,
and beloved son of C. T. and M. A. Woods, a
i native of Missouri, aged 34 years and «
! mcnth3.
tu*" Friends and acquaintances era respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from Union-street
Presbyterian Church. West Oakland, under
the auspices of Division No. 253, Brotherhood
of Locomotive Engineers.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EiiBAL,: "SHis,
:."> F!fll« St., oppvsito UQOOIS
Teleptu Scat" 80
| McAVOY «sfc CO., I
I FUNEKAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMER3 I
I 1235 Market St.. between Bth and tth. I
I . . . Telephone, . South 347. ■ . ■ ' I
1112
WAS A USELESS
AND EXPENSIVE
INSTITUTION
Criticism of the Nor
mal School.
NEVER UP TO STANDARD
ITS CERTIFICATES WERE NOT
GENERALLY RECOGNIZED.
Turned Out Teachers in One Year,
When Better Schools Had a
Course of Three
Years.
When the Pan Francisco Board of Edu
cation, careering onward in ita work of
demolition, leveled the city normal
School at a. breath, it ran against a bank
of sentiment. Now, a bank of sentiment
Is often only a bank of vapor that may
be blown away if strongly breathed upon,
but sometimes it resolves Itself Into
something akin to a stubborn fact. The
friends of that institution, which will be
olily a "has been" after February 1, are
moving to avert Its fate and injunction
Buitß are clouding the atmosphere. Vir
tual contracts are being charged over by I
these twelve roujrh riders of Directors,
Bay the lawyers who scent the battle afar.
When tli>' city Normal School receives the
High School sweet-girl graduate and
starts hVr up on the steeps of knowledge
the city enters into a sort of contract to
keep her moving until she has completed
. a year and stands at the end of the road
.. with a teacher's certificate or diploma
bound with blue ribbon in her hand. Now,
there are 325 lady students in the Normal :
School, and how can the city keep its j
j'oontract" if th: Institution is no more? \
Moreover, the Normal School, established '•
twenty years ago by John Swett, has
turned out probaly 1800 cultured and able j
teachers for the schools of the State, and ,
. auch a record should stand between it \
and Instant annihilation.
Added to these arguments the girl- ;
pupils of the school are petitioning their
parents and friends for tfie rescue of j
their fostering mother. So, much is raov- i
Ing for tiie salvation of the San Francisco !
Normal School.
The abolition of the institution by the
board last Wednesday evening was the re
sult of a caucus discussion held a few
hours before the session. When the ques
xjmii of retrenchment against the great
'deficit of 1180,361 first struck the young j
board BQuarely In the face the Normal j
School was marked lirst on the list in the
order of going, and the following was the
summing up of delinquencies against it:
The Ban Francisco Normal School Is not
up to the standard and its graduates are
outclassed by the graduates of the three
Btate normal schools. Its deterioration
has i ■ f on for ytars, consequently
its use la passed.
Only about half of the counties of the
State will accept a San Francisco Normal
I diploma for a teacher's certificate.
Alameda, the county of schools, colleges
and university, absolutely refuses to con
sider ft San Francisco Normal School
graduate's credentials. This alone, ar
gued ;!:•- board last Wednesday, stamps
that Institution as below standard. Then,
too its course is but one-third that re
quired by the State institutions, whose
graduates are accepted everywhere, and
with which the local school board can
never hope to compete.
Tii.- Normal School for some time has
received the closest and tenderest atten
tion of the old board, and by that un
. savory body has been used as a stepping
■ stone to teachers' positions in this city.
Every student entered there was booked
for graduation, and no girl ever failed of
the blue-ribboned diploma. Consequently,
the members of the late Board of Educa- j
tlon and their political friends passed
their candidates along through the two
classes of the school, and at the end of I
the course of bui a single year were a.«- j
signed to a city Bchool as teacher, often
••" -without a class wherewith to teach. From
this inexhaustible supply came the cloud
":of teachers whose names now swell the
salary list, and helped materially in roll-
Ing up the grea< 1180,381 deficit, plus the
tnt;il of "a large number of extra bills."
the foregoing scathing re
view of the Ban Francisco Normal School
and its connection with the late Hoard of
Education by the present board are state
ments and arguments from friends of
the Bchool. They dispute the alleged as
sertion of the present! board that the in
stitution is an illegal establishment by re
ferring to the fact that its certificates
of Qualification an- accepted by the State.
and that the constitution authorizes the
establishing of normal as well as high
and technical schools. This Normal
School costs the city several thousand
dollars every year. Eight hundred
.dollars comes back to the Nor
mal School fund in fees from students
from without the city at the rate of $60
per year from each pupil. There are two
teachers— the principal, Miss Fowler, sal
ary (200, and Mr«. M. M. Fitzgerald at
$140 per month -who instruct the 120 stu
dents. Miss Fowler graduated in the
same building where she now teaches
thirty-four years ago and has been em
ployed there about twelve years. Mrs.
Fitzgerald is a State Normal School grad
uate and a teacher of many years' ex
perience. In addition to her official duties
us principal Miss Fowler is the regular
.' teacher of one of the classes. The school
'is so arranged that one section or half
of the number of pupils enrolled are al
ways acting as "understudies" or sub
stitute teachers In the city schools in.
■ order to gain experience. This enables
. the two teachers to handle the sixty pu
pils left.
The girl students themselves are speak
ing for the school, holding that by virtue
/ , .of their Hi^'h School diplomas they have
'.been received in the Normal, and such
.reception is a contract, by the terms of
■ which the city agrees to school them for
"•'-a year ending June 30, l.xyi*. Attorneys
Highton and Cooney have a petition bear-
Ing the names of a large number of citi
zens protesting against the abolition of
. the school. This protest they attempted
. . to prepen-t to the board at the last meet- i
: lng. but that body refused to go into the
'.m erits or demerits of the matter.
To the query why the Normal School
■ 'was picked out as a sacrifice the board
answered in no uncertain voice that the
City Normal School is only the begin
ning of the end: that before the work of
retrenchment and reform is ended a num
ber of other schools of the city will fol- |
low it down the road to the deposit of the J
"has b'f-us."
"We are legally advised and are other
wise well prepared," said a Director yes
terday, "for aJI the protests and injunc
tions, and we will go right ahead stick-
Ing to the spirit of the 'act of January 4.
1899.' "
AFTER WHITE'S MONEY.
■ His Divorced Wife Still Seeking
Money on a Judgment.
Represented by talented counsel Mrs.
Frankie White, the divorced wife of
• George E. White, well known as the Men
docino cattle king. is endeavoring to recover
$1500 from Hulme & Hart which is owing,
it i* alleged, from that firm to the cattle
'kins? and which, if judgment is given in
her favor, Mrs. White intends to apply
to the judgment obtained against her ex
buaband during proceedings in the dl
vdp <• suit, which amounts to 1100,000.
Since the recovery <>f the Judgment Mrs.
"White has been endeavoring to collect
the judgment and up to date has succeed
ed in getting hold of $70,000. There Is at
present owing $41,069 41, including prinei
t,,!l hik! Interest, on the judgment, and
this Mrs. White is endeavoring to collect.
A jury was impaneled to try the case by
Judge Hunt yesterday morning and in
the next few days a decision will be
Reached. _
Flesh-making Rainier Export Beer an<l me«i.
Atlas Bourbon at dealers or Mohns & K. 29Mfct.
Sues a Merchandise Club.
A suit filed in the Justice's court yester-
SOME INCIDENTS OF THE RECENT SOUTHEASTER.
day brought to light the operations of a j
merchandise club, a number of which
were exposed some months since by per
>. us who had been victimized. The com
plainant in the present instance Is Rich
ard Rice, who sues John A. Ellert and his
Wife, Minnie Ellert. for a total of $41 77.
The complaint alleges that defendants or
ganized the Unity Merchandise Club early
in the year 1897. There were te be a series
of drawings each week, and after mem
bers' assessments had reached J2-". they
were entitled to a refunding of that
amount, less 10 per cent retained by the
promoters of the scheme. Ihe complain
ant alleges that he and his wife were,
members and paid in the required amount
that would entitle them to a refund, but
they have never been able to force an
accounting. The promoters pf the club
agre_ed to create a reserve fund for the
I by depositing $in a week, but this
was never dune.
AN EXPENSIVE NICKEL.
Delinquent Taxpayers Suffer While j
Special Attorneys Wax Wealthy.
J. B. Davitt. proprietor of several
bakeries In this city, believes that he has
good cause to complain against one of
the laws on the statute books that has
been pronounced "good law" and consti
tutional by the Justices of the Supreme
Court. According to his statement the
statute does work a hardship upon him,
and he sees no way out of the difficulty
but to stand the cost.
In 1897 Mr. Davitt was visited by the
Assessor, to whom he made a statement
Of his property, und a little later he paid
his taxes to the Tax Collector. In that
year the rate of taxation was set by the
Supervisors on the same basis as that
of the preceding year.
Unknown to Mr. Lmvltt the Supervisors (
found, after fixtng the rate, that there
would not be enough money to run the '
city government, and an additional levy j
was rixed. The majority paid the addi
tion, but many did riot, and thereon hangs ;
the tale. The Supervisors secured tho \
services of a special attorney to collect
the delinquent taxes by bringing actions j
in the Justices' courts. Yesterday Mr.
Davitt was served with a summons in- j
forming him of the fact that he had been
sued for the sum of 5 cents and costs.
The costs are the main features, for
with advertising, attorney's fees, County
Clerk's "■fees, etc., the amount now is
something like $12— all for a delinquency
of a half dime. Hundreds of people have
been made to suffer as Mr. Davitt has,
and he is anxious to have the Legislature
amend the law so. as to give those who
are delinquent a chance to square them
selves with the Tax Collector without
paying such high < osts.
LABOR LEGISLATION.
Two Central Trade Organizations
Will Work Together.
The forces- of organized labor in thin
city will be united this year to draft meas
ures favorable to the workingman and
present them, to both Congress and the
State Legislature. The Labor Council is
now stronger than ever, as a number of
unions which hitherto held aloof are now
represented In that body. Last week it
appointed a special legislative committee
and notified the Building Trades Council
of Its action. At the meeting of the lat
ter body, held last night, a committee con
sisting of P. H. McCarthy. Walter Goff
and A. H. Coburn was appointed to work
in conjunction with the committee from
the Labor Council. There are a number
of measures which the union men want
adopted, prominent among them being an
eight-hour law which- will "hold water."
The present eight-hour law is useless, as
the Supreme Court; has decided that if a
man is working -by the hour he can work
as many hours- a day as he chooses, and a
bill will be presented-to remedy this de
fect. Legislation, on prison made goods
will also- be attempted.
.Old. union men say. that in the past labor
has'lost through inot being united: Tills
year all are. standing together, and much
iis hoped, for. ' •
NeV. officers will be elected by the Build-
Ing Trades Council next' week. Nomina
tions were' made last nlgh,t as follows:
'President, P. 11. McCarthy, E. L. Mals
bary; vice-president, A. H. Coburn; re
cording secretary, W. M. Page; financial
secretary. C. W. Page; ■ treasurer,- C W.
Stark; sergeant-at-arms, CV Washington
Doyle; trustees, H. Cassldy, H. Skeen, G.
T/ee, T. Saunders; executive committee,
AY. Goff, T. Saunders. R. Llnhardt.
LOOKING FOR THIEVES.
Corps of Patrolmen. Parading the
Business District.
Chief Lees has at present a corps of
his most .efficient patrolmen, garbed In
citizen clothes, parading the business
district in search of a gang of sneak
thieves which operated with considerable
success during the holidays and since.
The object of this gang, it is said, was to
get away with as many packages as pos
sible from the wagons of the various ex
press companies.
On one occasion two packages of cigars,
valued, at $30 and $60, were taken from one
of Wells, Fargo & Co.'s wagons, while
the Jones Delivery Agency lost goods
valued at about $75. \fany, other compa
nies suffered and the cases were reported
to the police. As. the detectives, were un
able to round up' the gang it was decided
to send out a corps of patrolmen. It is
their duty to keep an- eye on the various
express wagons, but as 'the thieves are
extremely clever It Is doubtful that the
efforts of the police to jail them will be
successful.
Charged With Forgery.
Michael Broderick. a carpenter living at
Nineteenth and Guerrero streets, was ar
rested yesterday afternoon by Policeman
J. J. Crowley and booked at the City
Prison on a charge of forging a United
States money order. Postal Inspector Er
win asked the police to arrest him.
Anakesis cures Piles, nothing else. Sam
ple tree. Address Anakeels, New York. •
THE SAN FKANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 13, 1899.
STARR DARE BURIED
WITH MILITARY HONORS
COMPANY B. EIGHTH CALIFOR
NIA, ACTS AS ESCORT.
Simple Funeral Services at Presidio
Chapel— Rev. William Rader
Pronounces a Eulogy.
Starr Dare, the young soldier who was
killed in Huntsvllle, Ala., while defending
a comrade, was buried in the Presidio
Cemetery with military honors yesterday
afternoon. Rev. Dr. William Rader of the
Third Congregational Church, who has
long 1 be<n the spiritual adviser of the fam
ily, officiated at the simple but Insjjrea
sive funeral ceremonies in the jresidio
chapel. The casket in which the>Temalns
of the young soldier lay was draped with
an American flag: and covered with flow
ers. At the head of the bier stood a larye
floral piece in the form of a star.
After reading the prayer for the dead
Dr. Rader pronounced a eulogy on the
deceased.
The casket was then tenderly carried to
the caisson, which was also draped with
the American flag, by six pall-bearers
from Company C, Eighth California Vol
unteers—Privates Edward Golden, Walter
Garner, Anthony Derkun, Albert Gilles
ple, Frank Bice and James Edwards. The
funeral cortege was preceded by the
Fourth Cavalry band. Then came the
tiring squad from Company B. The rela
tives of the deceased— his father, United
States Appraiser John T. Dare, his moth
er, wife and sisters— followed in carriages.
Company B, Lieutenant Deyoe command
ing, acted as military escort, and with the
band playing a funeral dirge the proces
sion marched to the Presidio Cemetery.
After a prayer by Dr. Rader three vol
leys were fired, taps were sounded and the
grave closed over its dead.
Democratic Party's Expenses.
Max Popper, on behalf of the finance
and auditing committees of the Demo
cratic party, filed a .report of the receipts
and expenditures of that body yesterday.
The receipts consisted, according to the
report, of donations by the various Dem
ocrat ii- candidates for office, the list be
ing headed by Mayor Phelan, who con
tributed $150. The total receipts amounted
TOD SLOAN THINKS
WELL OF HIMSELF
Prefers the English and Has Decided Not
to Marry Just Yet.
TOD ST.OAN, the famous little jockey, la In town— purely on pleasure
bent— to have a good time, to give his friends a good time and Incidental
ly to show off two famous pointers, the best bred dogs in Europe, the
gift of "Lord William— Lord William Beresford."
Tod is enjoying the comforts of mundane existence In a four-room suite
at the Palace. One apartment is given over to his friends; a second to his
own little tired self; a third to the joys of the, table, and the last to the al
ways admiring guests who are permitted to bask in the weary little smile and
inhale a whiff of the "tired" air that cir
cles round the much r fatigued friend of
all tbe-English aristocracy.
According to himself, the diminutive
man is In perfect health and condition
barring,- of course., a visible, and .painful—
to the beholder— attack of occlpita
elephantiosis. . "" .
Tod had suffered the strain- of. a trip
from Bakersfield, been out to 'the track
and passed through the ordeal of greet
Ing hts hosts of , friends when' he. shed the
light of "his august presence upon the in
quiring scribe.' He was weary with a con
tagious fatigue, and his old-baby face
was' drawn and pale and his concentrated
self wrapped in the clinging folds of a
gorgeous dressing gown like unto which
must the raiment of the kingly Solomon
have been.
"There is not a thing I can say," said
„ . f -- 8 -"tie man, by way of introduction,
that has not already been printed about me. I'm tired; I have come up from
Bakersfleld, and the trip hae proven most trying to my nerves. I'm out hero
only to have a good time. If there is anything else you want to know, aues
tlon me."
"Are you engaged to marry Mrs. Edna Wallace Hooper?"
Tod never flinched, and it may have been the reflection of the brllliant
hued facing of hie gown that made .the sallow cheeks for a moment seem to
blush. The answer came back slowly; deliberately, delivered with a crushing
force: "I'm wedded to my profession. I shall not marry— not just Vet— in
fact, I must refuse to discuss family. affairs In print," said the jockey """ '
Besides arriving at the sad, non-marrying conclusion, Sloan has decided
that our English cousins are very much superior to ourselves They are
more aristocratic, according to the knight of the pigskin, and he stoutly
maintained that -refined Englishmen pronounce the "d" in London giving
by way of Illustration his own style of speech. Among.other things Eng
lish Sloan has brought over with him is a "locker." in which 'securely re
poses a cigar box full of rare jewels, the offerings of distinguished aristo
crats to his- noted self. There is a diamond and ruby horseshoe pin from
Lord Dunraven, a turquoise and black pearl pin from Lady Beresford a
gray, white and blnck pearl ring from Charles Mills, besides fourteen other
trinkets, humble tokens from exalted sources. ■ •
Sloan for himself has only these modest thrngs to say: 'Tm the greatest
living jockey. There has never been any one like me. I* never expect to
meet my equal and know I can never have a superior."
Tod and his friends came out in a private car by way of New Orleans
The midget jockey brings with him a bicycle that was presented to him by
James Michael, the crack rider.
Sloan sans he will remain here about a month, when he will proceed to
England, as the racing begins there In March. While here he expects to en-
Joy some duck hunting. For the next two years Sloan expects to ride ex
clusively in England.
to -$3068 50,- and, strange as It may seem,
according to the report, the expenditures
also amounted to $5068 50; in fact, not a
cent of the money contributed by the gen
erous candidates remained unused.
NO COMPROMISE.
The Case Against Certain Merchant
Creditors Is Still Pending.
The following statement was given out
to-day by C. H. Murphy, chairman, and
Louis de F. Kartlett, secretary, of the
teachers' committee:
A statement appeared In a morning paper
that the committee of teachers were about to
compromise, the. case now pending against cer
tain • -merchant creditors of the last School
Board. ■ This merits correction. • The terms sug
gested In that article were' lncorrect and alto
gether misleading. It Is true that the teachers'
committee ■ has been discussing with the
creditors some basis of compromise, but no
definite arrangements have been made and the
committee' wi(l make none without, having first
of all received a direct authorization from the
public, school .teachers of San Francisco assem
bled, in mass meeting.. • , •
In the Divorce Courts.
Sarah F. Delamore has been granted a
divorce from Frank Delamore on the
ground of extreme cruelty. Fred H.
Bachelder was granted a divorce from
Nellie A. Bachelder on the ground of de
sertion. John Dobbin has been granted a
divorce from Emillne Dobbin on the
ground of infidelity. Suits for divorce
were filed yesterday by Frederick K. Blue
against Gertrude Blue, for infidelity; Nel
lie J. Crosby against Bert J. Crosby, for
desertion; Rose A. Williams against Fran
cis A. Williams, for intemperance; Nettle
Graham against J. W. Graham, for de
sertion, and Josle Annuzzi against Gelso
mlno Annuzzi, for cruelty.
He Wanted a Wife.
The petition of J. H. King for a writ of
habeas corpus to secure the release of
Josephine Hughes, an inmate of the Mag
dalen Asylum, was dismissed by Judge
Lawlor yesterday. King wanted to marry
the girl and endeavored to secure her re
lease on habeas corpus, but as the young
woman- had no desire to marry King the
petition was denied.
. ♦ ■
The only Socialist Mayor in all
America tells how a city should be
governed, in next Sunday's Call.
THE ENGINES
STOPPED, BUT
NOT THE SHIP
Havoc Played by the
Progreso.
OVERDUE DRUMCRAIG GOT IN
BRITISH STEAMER FASTNET IN
THE SOUTHEASTER.
The Little La Chilena Defied the
Storm — Others of the Weather
beaten Fleet Safely in
Port.
The eteam collier Progreso ran amuck
at Beale-street wharf last night. She
came down from Port Costa after dis
charging and the captain attempted to
dock her at Main-street wharf. Some
thing went wrong in the engine-room,
however, and. Instead of stopping, the big
steamer went full tilt at the ship I. F.
Chapman, moored to Beale-street wharf.
Luckily there was a barge laden with
railroad Iron alongside the Chapman, and
it gave the Progreso a sheer. In conse
quence the ship's headgear only was car
ried away, but had the barge not been
there she would have been cut In two.
Continuing on her way, the Progreso
cut her way for twenty feet into Beale
street wharf and then came to a stop.
The collier dented a number of her plates,
and it will be several days before she
will be ready to go to sea again.
The bar was very rough yesterday after
the storm, but nevertheless a big fleet
came in. The vessel with her maintop
mast gone that was outside Wednesday
night turned out to be the British ship
Drumcraig, 173 days from Swansea. She
was the lirst to come in, the tug Sea
King bringing her through the north
channel. Late in the afternoon she was
followed in by the Henry B. Hyde, the
American ship which kept her company
outside Wednesday night, and after the i
Hyde came the British bark Birkdale (
from Newcastle, N. S. W., American ship
Lucille from Puget Sound, British ship j
British General from Antwerp, the steam- i
er Chilkat from coast ports and five lum
ber schooners.
The subsiding of the gale gave the ves
sels in port a chance, and nearly all of
them that had sails bent had them out |
drying. The gunboat Yorktown was able I
at last to get lier coal aboard, and late in ;
the afternoon sailed for Manila, While •
the storm was raging lighters could not j
Ik- alongside of her, but yesterday morn- ]
Ing brignt and early two scows laden with |
roal made fast on each side, and it did |
not take long to lill the warship's bunk- !
ers. The revenue cutter McCulloch spread
her sails, as did also the Drumcraig, and
both took all the advuntage possiole of
the sunshine.
The Drumcraig came here from Ant
j werp via the Cape of Good Hope. She
! encountered fine weather until September j
ti, when she was off the coast of Brazil.
On that day a pampero struck her, and ;
! for three days the crew had a tussle with
I the elements. On September 9 the storm :
moderated, but while the men were set- I
ting the malntopsail the tie carried away !
anu the yard came down with a run,
smashing in two on the deck. Then the
main cap broke and the mainmast head ;
sprung, and Captain Johnson decided to
run for Rio de Janeiro. After a time,
however, as everything seemed to be
working smoothly, the captain changed
his mind and the course of his vessel also.
lie gave up tht? idea of going Into Rio,
stripped the mainmast and started for
San Francisco by way of Good Hope.
All went well on that course until Octo
ber 30, in latitude 43.2'J south longitude 1H»
east, when a very heavy gale from the
west southwest was run into. The port
lifeboat was stove in and other damage
was done. No other accidents or gales
were met with until the ship was oft the
Golden Gate. Then she got a touch of a
southeaster. Captain Johnson was stand-
Ing on the bridge amidships, when a big
sea struck the ship and heeled her over. I
Captain Johnson lost his balance and fell
to the deck below. When picked up he
was unconscious. His face was badly cut
and his back injured. As soon as the ship
docked yesterday morning he came ashore
to consult a doctor about his spine.
Another vessel that caught it off the
coast was the British steamer Fastnet.
She is only a small vessel and the seas
completely buried her at times and swept
everything movable on deck ovfc-board.
She was hove to for thirty hours, and
Captain Moeckler says he was never out
in a worse gale. The Fastnet was built
in England in 1878 and was for years in
the trade between Prince Edward Isl
and Halifax. Then she was purchased by
people in British Columbia and came out
here to go into the Klondike trade. When
the boom burst she was sold to L. A.
Martinez of Guayaquil, who is going to
put her in the Central American trade.
He is now In Portland negotiating for an
other vessel to run in company with the
Fastnet. The steamer will be overhauled
here and will then sail for Guaymus. She
is 338 tons gross and 155 tons net burden,
145.4 feet long, 23.5 feet broad and 11.3 feet
deep.
Captain Moeckler, who brought the Fast
net down, was one of the best knowri
I sealing captains on the coast. Since the ;
loss of the schooner Mattie T. Dyer on
French Frigate Shoals three years ago he
has made his home on the sound and
turned pilot. He will leave the Fast
net here and will go back to Seattle. Be
tween Point Arena and Point Reyes, Cap- i
tain Moeckler says, he saw. tens of thou- !
sands of fur seal, all making for Bering
Sea.
Of all the vessels that were out in the
storm none of them made belter weather ;
of it than the little gasoline schooner La
Chilena. Monday last she was lying at
Fort Ross, and when the gale came up
j Captain Matsen had to cut his mooring
I lines and put to sea. He had to run In !
the teeth of the gale to Bodega, and li. ■
spite o-f the fact that the schooner was
more often under than over the waves,
she made the eighteen miles in three |
hours and came to a sheltered anchor- ■
age. On Tuesday morning it had calmed j
down so that Captain Matsen made an- :
other start, but had not got half wa->- to '
I Point Reyes when it was blowing a living ;
gale. The crew could not see the length
of the vessel for the driving spray, and
the La Chilena weathered the point with-i
her decks under. The schooner acted i
splendidly, and for her inches the skipper '
says there is not a finer sea boat atioat. !
He had to seek shelter again in Drakes |
Bay, from which place he got away again
yesterday morning. A few hours later
the saucy little schooner came speeding I
In over the bar and up the bay as If such";
a thing as a southeaster had never blown.
Sergeant "Tom" Mahoney is down with
the grip, and the passengers by the '
; Tiburon and Sausalito ferries will not see '
i the genial and obliging officer for some
days to come. Chief Wharfinger Perc*
Henderson ie recovering from his attack
and expects to be able to return to his dv- :
ties to-day.
The Shenandoah Is now on Hunters :
Point drydock undergoing an overhauling.
It will be remembered that her cargo of i
coal caught fire when she was lying at
Mission street. It was put out and starts!
again three times, and in consequence the '
lining of the ship was badly burned, it :
will cost many thousands of dollars to ■
make the necessary repairs.
On May 14 the British ship Tamar left •
I Vancouver, B. C, for Melbourne, Austra
lia. On July 3 the following note was I
written, put in a bottle and thrown over
board: "British ship Tamar, latitude 9 ,
degrees 41 minutes, longitude 156 degrees
I 29 minutes. All well. Forty-five days out
from Vancouver. H. W. W." Since then
the Tamarhas arrived at Melbourne, from
which port she went to Sydney, N. S. W..
and after loading sailed for London on
| November 19.
The bottle left by Itself was carried by
the current on to Danger Island, where
the natives picked it up on August 16 last.
From Danger Island it was taken to Fan
ning Island and there given to the cap
tain of the schooner Eliza Miller, which
happened to be in port. From Fanning
ADVERTISEMENTS.
88888888888888888888888888888888
semiVannual"" "I
REDUCTIONS:
. . . iosr ... -■■
Ladies' Jackets and Capes! I
• : ■ •.•-' .• B
For Friday and Saturday we offer even more powerful In- ■
ducements than ever in stylish Outer Garments from our Superb J|
Stock of New and Seasonable CLOAKS, Suits, Jackets and Capes. B
We below mention a few sample quotations, which but ■
serve to show the many opportunities obtainable. ■
LADIES > jackets. a
At 5a.45,
LADIES' COVERT CLOTH JACKETS, value for $5, sale price $2 45 each.' _
At $3.45. • " :- ■ -.:•:•:* « ■
LADIES BLACK BOUCLE CLOTH JACKETS, value for $6, sale price $343 |
each.
At $4.9Q B
LADIES' KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS, value for $8 80, sale price $4 90 each, Q
'CHILDREN'S REEFERS. ■
At $2.35. ■
CHILDREN'S-REEFERS, sizes from 4 to 12 years, value for $4, sale price
$2 35 each. ■
LADIES' WRAPPERS. JJ
At 75 Cents. ' a
LADIES' FLANNELETTE WRAPPERS, value for $125, sal© price- Tsc "■
each. • «
LADIES' UNDERSKIRTS. 5
At 35 Oexrts. ■
LADIES'. FANCY COLORED UNDERSKIRTS, value for $1. sal© price Sso ■
each. ■ _
LADIES' AND MISSES' CAPES. B
A.t $2.45. ' ■
LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, trimmed with braid and beads, collar and fronts D
edged with Thibet fur, value for $5, sale price $2 45 each. . • H
.A.t $4.95. / ■
LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, handsomely braided and beaded, collar, fronts and I
around bottom edged with Thibet fur, value for $8 50, sals price $4 95 each. H
J±t $7.45. ■
LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, length 27 inches, some plain, others trimmed with II
braid and beads, collar and fronts edged with Thibet fur, value for
$12 50, sale price $7 45 each. v
At $3.00. °
.MISSES' GOLF CAPES, brown, navy and green, fancy silk lined hoods
value for $5, sale price $3 each. f§
I /if Market, Jones and McAllister Sts^ / \
BB BBBBBBBBBIBHaBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBI
Island the Miller went to Hawaii and
thence to San Francisco. Captain Chris
tiansen will turn the memorandum over
to the Hydrographic Office.
UNSATISFACTORY BOUTS.
Contest for Alleged Amateur Middle
weight Championship a Farce.
The monthly, exhibition of the San
Francisco Athletic Club did not please the
large crowd which assembled to witness
it. The contest for the alleged amateur
middle-weight championship of the coast
was a fiasco and developed Into a slugging
match.
Tffe contestants -were Gus Koster, San
Francisco Club, and J. J. Cqetro, Wat
sonville Athletic Club. Although sched
uled to weigh 158 pounds the latter tipped
the beam at nearer 170 pounds. An ac
commodating gong saved the member of i
.the home club and gave rise to the re
mark of a spectator that one could not
get a fair deal unless he was a member
of the club. J. J. McDevltt was referee
of this bout.
In the first round Castro landed some
terrific right and left handed blows on
Koster's ribs and head. Koster took the
punishment and landed a vicious blow on
Castro's ear and the latter went to the
floor. The gong saved him at the count
of six. ]n the second round Castro de- !
livered some more kidney blows on Kos
n-r, who got in a. right on Castro's jaw.
and Castro went to the floor just as the
gong sounded. In the third round Castro
landed on Koster's jaw. The latter went
down and the gong sounded at the count
of four, and Koster staggered to his cor
ner. In the fourth Castro landed on Kos«
ter's ribs and Koster hit v, astro a blow
on the law, and the latter went down and
out.
In the feather-weight contest between
Eddie Alford of Brooklyn and young Me- j
Donald of the San Francisco Athletic!
Club, the lads went the six rounds, each i
weighing 115 pounds, and Referee Smith
of the Acme Club declared the bout a
draw, although it was the opinion of the
spectators that Alford won on points.
The six-round contest between Kid
Johnson and A. Granneld, both of the San
Francisco Athletic Club, was also de*
clared a draw by Referee Smith. Smith
awarded the contest to John Deane of
the San Francisco Athletic Club in the
latter's six-round bout with Joe Long of
the California Athletic Club. The con
testants weighed 138 pounds and put up
a good fight.
DEATH FROM NEGLECT.
Another Helpless Victim of the
Deadly Baby Farm.
Death came mercifully to little Johnnie
Martin, one of the infants rescued re
cently from Mrs. Susan B. Cunningham's
baby farm at 51 Clara street. The child
died yesterday, and the case was reported
to the Coroner, the physician refusing to
sign the certificate of death.
On December 31 the officers of the So
ciety for the Prevention of . Cruelty to
Children raided the Cunningham place
and found it in a most filthy and disease
breeding condition. Half a dozen infants
were discovered in a semi-starved state,
and the Cunningham woman v.-as said to |
be the worse for liquor. She was directed i
to return the children to their parents or i
guardians at once, and among those sent
home was little John Martin, aged life
years. The mother lived at 217 Grant
avenue and the father, who Is an invalid,
lives anywhere he can find shelter.
Several days ago Officer McMurray
called upon the woman, a complaint hav
ing been made by Officer Reavis, and ;
found the father and child 111, the boy
suffering from the measles and generally
run down in consequence of his previous j
harsh treatment and cruel neglect at the
Cunningham establishment. The mother
had moved to 109 Grant avenue and she
promised to see that the little fellow was
cared for properly. From what the offi
cers and Morgue officials learned little, if.
anything, had been done to relieve th«
baby of its sufferings. Dr. McConnell
stater, that the baby's death appeared to
have been caused by neglect and measles.
■ ♦ ' ~
Clara Barton tells about the work
of the R«d Cross in Cuba in next
Sunday's Call.
— '■ -mm »
Grand Jury Commences Bravely.
The new Grand Jury held its first ses
sion last night- and- commenced work
bravely by finding an Indictment against
! a man whoso trial in the Police Court re-
I suited In an acquittal because hfs guilt
was not proved beyond a reasonable
doubt. During election times George
Young, whom the police claim is a pro
fessional pickpocket, was arrested for
robbing P. J. Thomas, the printer, of $140.
He was caught In the act by Detective*
Egan and Crockett, assisted by Frank
O'Kane, the well-known athlete, who saw
the men struggling and went to the as
sistance of the officers. He took the
money from the man's hand. In addition
to the men who made the arrest the wit
nesses summoned last night were Mr
Thomas. P. J. McCormick and St. John
McCormick. The man Is. out op $300 cash
bail and it is expected he will be arrest
ed to-day.
Abused His Mother.
Mrs. Anne Kennedy, aged 60 years. Hy
ing at 22 Grove street, was assaulted by
her invalid son last night and brutally
beaten. The unfortunate woman was
preparing the evening meal when her oon,
so she claims, attacked her, breaking her
nose and discoloring her left eye. Acting
on the advice of a neighbor she visited
the Receiving Hospital, where her inju
ries were dressed by Dr. Weil.
Bunko Men. Arrested.
Acting under Instructions from Captain
Bohen Detectives Egan and Gibson made
a round-up of bunko men yesterday and
seven were arrested. They were Samuel
Whitney, J. S. Adams, the notorious
"Dink" Wilson, Charles Hawley, John
Miller, Edward Anderson and Nell Nel
son. Each was released on giving: $50 cash
bail.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OWING TO ENFORCED REMOVAL
OF THE
TURKISH RUG CO.
1 WILL SELL-
DIIOO
ENTIRE STOCK |# H I %
= llUuo
: \— AT ABSOLUTE
....AUCTION....
COMMENCING^
Monday, January 16,
At 10:30 a. m. and 2:30 p..m.. at jt
123 GEARY STREET.
The sate continues one week, same hours
daily.
Any article will be put up without reserve
on request and sold to the highest bidder.- -
SALE POSITIVE. ,"
ALL GOODS MUST BE SOLD. ;'
Stock consists of the choicest and rarest
Antique Rugs and Carpets, Carved and Inlaid
Furniture, Arms, Lanterns, Curios, etc ••
'A. W. LOUDERBACK. Art Auctioneer. '
HOITT'S SCHOOL
Has removed from Burllngame'to : lt» new
home at Menlo Park. San Mateo County ac-
credited, and prepares ' boys equally well for
business; next term begins January 16th. ISSS.
IRA G. HOITT. Ph. D.. Principal.
Wriiif s Indian Yeptalile Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have used them i for over forty years to cur«
SICK HEADACKE, GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA-
TION,. Torpid Liver. Weak Stomach. Pimples
and purify the blood. »~~
Grossman's Specific Mixture
With this remedy percons can cure them-
selves without the least exposure, change of
diet or change In application to business
.medicine contains nothing of the least Injurr
to the constitution. JUk your druggUt far l£