VOLUME LXXXY-NO. 49.
STORY OF HOWARD WRIGHT'S DUPLICITY
TOLD TO THE INVESTIGATING COMMITTEE
SPEAKER WRIGHT HOLDS
HIS HIGH OFFICE WITHOUT
AUTHORITY OF THE LAWS
He Took a False Oath When He Swore to His Bill of
Election Expenditures.
THE LEGAL PENALTY PROVIDED IS FORFEITURE
Men Who Served as the Disgraced Official's Parity Committee Declare That They
Failed to Sign a Report of His Expenses as Required by the
Statutes — If Snch a Document Exists the Signa*
tares Are Forgeries.
The Call has now in its
possession evidence to
prove that Howard E.
Wright, Speaker of the
Assembly, is guilty of of
fenses that, under the law,
are punishable by heavy
penalties. There is no
necessity to elaborate on
the nature of the felony
that Wright has commit
ted nor any need to char
acterize further the ethics
of this man, who has, by
his public acts, disgraced
himself, betrayed his
friends and constituents
and outraged the decency
of the State. Mr. Wright,
by the authority of his
own oath, is a perjurer.
Among the official docu
ments of Alameda County
is the record of his lying
oath.
The Call also charges
that Howard E. Wright is
either a forger, an acces
sory to a forgery or a vio-
lator of the legal conditions
under which he was elected
to the Assembly. Mr.
Wright has sworn to a
false oath in his state-
ment of his election ex
penses. He has therefore
; : forfeited, under the law,
his right to the seat which
he has dishonored in the
Assembly. He did not se
cure the signatures of the
committee which, the law
of the State prescribes,
must audit his election ex-
penses.
The report of that com
mittee is not on file in the
office of the Secretary of
State, where the law de-
Clares it shall be. If any
document, purporting to
be a report of the purity
committee, exists, and is
signed, the signatures are
forgeries, and Mr. Wright,
for a second reason, has
submitted himself to the
penalty of a forfeiture of
his seat in the Assembly
and to prosecution for a
guilty participation in a
felony. These are accusa
tions which, in the proof,
raise Howard E. Wright to
the evil dignity of a public
malefactor.
The facts upon the foundation of
which The Call prefers these serious
charges against the Speaker of the As
sembly may best be stated chronologic
ally. Mr. Wright and WHllam B.
Prlrigle were rivals for the Republican
nomination to the Assembly in the
Fifty-first District. The Republican
nomination was equivalent to an elec-
tion, and the contestants knew Jt.
Every energy therefore was given to
wtn at the primary election. On the
*v* of that election Wright realized
The San Francisco Call.
that Prinele had given him a strong '
battle and on the following day might
assemble the more powerful force at
the polls.
Wright and some of his friends
sought and obtained therefore a con- j
ferenre w-ith Pringle. The fight of
Prank C. Jordan for County Clerk of i
Alameda was involved and Pringle. |
who was Jordan's friend, and fearful of |
the antagonistic influence of Wright, ]
agreed to withdraw. Wright promised
to pay Pringle $250 to pay, in part at j
least, what Pringle had expended In j
the campaign. On the following day, j
the day of the primary election, Wright
gave Pringle $250 in coin.
Two farts in that transaction are
significant. It should not be furgotten |
that Wright subsequently took a legal j
oath that he spent no more than $74 to j
secure his election. It should be re- j
membered that Pringle and his friends
and also the friends of Wright, under- i
j stood thoroughly that Wright was not j
paying his own money to Pringle. On j
I the night of the conference Wright de
clared that he did not have the money,
• but would give it to Pringle on the foi
lowing day. Wright had not yet found
lan angel in Milton J. Green. The
friends of Wright winked knowingly
j when he paid the money and some
! body said the railroad building cast a
long shadow. Wherever the money
; came fn/m Wright was prompt in pay
ment.
He was profuse also in promise, al
though he was treading close upon the
interdicted domain of the law. He told
Pringle that he would use his influence
j to secure for Pringle a position at the
Legislature worth $6 a day, or a Fed
i eral or State appointment that the re
i tiring aspirant might seek. Pringle was
: at liberty to accept the $6 for himself
■ or for any one else of his choosing.
1 Pringle had set his cap for the secre
i taryshin of the California Code Com
mission, and Wright nodded approval.
That concluded the negotiations
through which Wright secured his
nomination for the Assembly. He con
■ strued one of the transactions to mean
the corruption of his friend Pringle.
| Over three times the amount that
Wright swore was his expenditure had
already been spent and an illegal prom
ise had been given. But Wright had
only begun his campaign. The Call is
in a position to prove that Wright ex
pended after his nomination and be
fore his election the sum of $100 that
was used exclusively for election pur
poses. This sum was not spent per
sonally by Wright, but was given by
him to be used in his political interest.
; This money was not accounted for In
j the sworn statement of expenditures
i that Wright subsequently made.
The Speaker of the Assembly is
' therefore guilty of perjury and subject
I under the law to a forfeiture of his
{ seat. The statute permits no discre
i tion in the matter and provides es
i pecially for the penalty.
When Howard E. Wright was noml
' nated for the Assembly he appointed
I the following to act as his auditing
' committee under the purity of elections
j law: W. B. Pringle, Frank Parcells,
'■ William H. Waste, Arthur Elston and
H. S. Pugh. This committee is com
: manded by law to supervise the elec
i tion expenses of the candidate it repre
sents and to make oath that the
! amount finally sworn to Is correct.
I Each member of the committee must
! sign the document under oath. The re
j port, in the case of legislative officers,
is then filed with the Secretary of
State. Many officers have also filed the
reports of their purity committees with
! the Recorders of their counties as a
I matter of double security. There is a
provision In the law that invalidates
the election of an officer If the report
j of the purity committee be not properly
I and honestly made and filed.
The records of this State fail to re
veal the existence of a report by
Pringle, Parcells, Waste, Elston and
Pugh in favor of Howard E. Wright.
Such a report Bhould be in
the office of the Secretary of
' State, but It is not there, and there is
I nothing to show- that it ever was there.
The greatest diligence has been exer
cised in a search for this report, but it
cannot be found. It might have been
in the office of the Recorder of Ala
meda County or that of the County
Clerk, but it is in neither. These facts
In themselves would be dangerous to
Howard E. Wright, but there is in
connection with this affair another fact
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 18, 1899.
that Is fatal to the Speaker of the As
sembly.
The purity committee appointed by
Howard E. Wright has not signed a re
port of his election expenditures as pro
vided by law, and the penalty is the
forfeiting of the seat that the Speaker
now occupies. If there Is anywhere In
existence a document which purports
to be such a report at least three of the
signatures are forgeries.
In discussing this most serious affair
last night H. S. Pugh, one of the mem
bers of the committee, minced no
words. "I neither saw nor signed a
report of expenditures for Wright,"
said >fr. Pugh. "If such a report is in
existence and my name is attached to
it the signature is a forgery. If the
names of at least two of my associates
on that committee are attached to such
a document these signatures also are
forgeries.
"We never signed the report for the
simple reason that it was never pre
sented to us by Wright. We had our
own private affairs to attend to and
since he did not concern himself with
what was naturally of importance to
himself we did not do so. That is all
I know about the affair."
No further evidence is necessary to
prove that Howard E. Wright Is not
entitled to his seat in the Assembly.
He was not legally elected to the posi
tion and the Statutes provide what the
consequences shall be.
In discussing the same affair Frank
Parcells said:
"I did sign one document for Howard
Wright. I did not know I was on his
purity committee until one day I re
ceived a document from him by mail.
I was informed that it was necessary
to sign it so that it could be filed in
time, and I was asked to deliver it to
A. W. Bishop, which I did. It may
seem careless, but I did not look at the
nature of the document other than to
see that it had some signatures upon
it, and then, being in a hurry. I signed
it. I suppose it was his election ac
count, but of this I am not certain. It
may have been a certificate of nomi
nation. In any event I did not super
vise any of his expeditures and know
nothing about his expenses."
GREEN'S STATEMENT
PREDICATED ON A LIE
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 17.— Milton J. Green to
night gave to the press the following
interview:
"I did not hear the testimony given
by Mr. Leake of The Call before the
Assembly Investigating Committee,
and therefore have no opportunity of
denying certain statements made by
him. I have just been told that he tes
tified I had either said to him or to
Speaker Wright that I had given
money to Senator Cutter and Assem
blymen Jilson and Raw. I desire to
denounce this statement as an absolute
and unqualified lie.
Mr. Leake did not testify that Green
had said "To him or to Speaker Wright
that I (Green) had given money to
Senator Cutter and Assemblymen Jil
son and Raw." What Mr. Leake did
testify to was to the effect that Wright
had asked him if he had heard of Sena
tor Cutter receiving financial assistance
in his campaign and if he had heard of
Assemblymen Jilson and Raw receiv
ing assistance in their fight for elec
tion. Mr. Leake testified that he had
heard that they had been, but did not
testify that Wright gave Green as his
authority for the assertion. Mr. Leake
distinctly stated in his testimony that
Mr. Green had only told him of the as
sistance he had given Howard E.
Wright and Raw.
When Mr. Leake heard that Mr.
Green had given his interview to the
press he promptly laid before Green the
facts as to what he did testify to and
clearly demonstrated that Green's in
terview was founded on a misstate
ment on what his evidence really was.
Mr. Green admits that he did not hear
Mr. Leake's testimony, but based his
interview on statements made to Sena
tor Cutter by an outsider. Mr. Green
insisted on sending out the interview
to the press even after it was shown
to him that it was predicated on a lie.
The verbatim report of the testimony
appearing in this issue of The Call
shows exactly what Mr. Leake testified
to as far as Assemblymen Raw and
Jilson and Senator Cutter are con
cerned. The verbatim report Is ldentl
cal with the official stenographic rec
ord of the testimony.
BURNS' PLAN IS TO
BLOCK LEGISLATION
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 17.— Three ballotß for
United States Senator were taken to-day
and no special significance was attached
to either. The followers of Burns made
an effort to prevent the adjournment of
the Joint convention, but the motive of the
resistance was plain. It Is now the Burns
programme to block legislation and pun
ish the legislators. The members who
recognize that the prospect of agreement
is remote are willing to meet daily, as the
constitution of the United States requires,
and to take at least one ballot. Many
members who hold that the business of
the Legislature should proceed favor a
plan of going ahead with such legisla
tion as the interests of the State demand.
It is not essential that more than one
hour's time a day should be occupied in
the session of the joint convention. Tne
touts are not willing there should be any
thing in the Legislature but pulling and
hauling over the Senatorial struggle. By
holding fast to such a programme they
expect to wear out the patience of the
people and force a caucus.
The Call intends that the people shall
know the plans of the Burns push. It
would not be a great misfortune to the
State if the Legislature should adjourn
without electing a United States Sena
tor, but it would be a lasting disgrace
to the commonwealth if Burns were cho
sen to represent California in the Senate
of the United Btates.
When the contest is narrowed down to
a question of endurance the people can
hold out as long as the touts can afford
.to remain in Sacramento. Meanwhile
leading members. of the Republican party
who made the victory for the State ticket
possible may call D. M. Burns, Major Mc-
Laughlin, J. Alva Watt and Paris Kil
burn to account ■ for making a claim at
Sacramento to represent the party. The
Republican State Central , Committee is
not in favor of Dan Burns for Senator.
The establishment of State committee
headquarters in the Golden Eagle Hotel
to boost Burns ought to be rebuked by
Republican voters In every county of the
State.
The Republican State . Central Commit
tee ought to meet in San Francisco and
quickly call off Major. McLaughlin, Paris
Kilburn and Alva Watt. • • ■_
They have the right of individuals. to be
here and support the candidate ,of their
choice, but they have no business or color
of, right, to represent the r Republican or
ganization of California. They know as
well as any fact can be surmised that If
-the question*" of selecting a> sufoesaor no-
Stephen M. .White could be submitted, to
a popular ,: vote '-■'. in California *- nine
tenths of the Republicans J would pro
nounce against- Dan Burns. ;■ \. ;
The booflling of Grant's 1 agents is no
more despicable than the :. fraudulent
methods i employed by j the touts to pre
vent an honest expression on the part of
the . representatives of the people. • The
discipline that the major needs should be
administered by the stalwart voters be
longing to the Republican party and they
represent quite a respectable majority of
the tapayers of California. The use of
Dan Burns of the .Republican head
quarters in the Palace Hotel at San
Francisco was sufficiently repulsive ■ to
disgust many earnest and high-minded
Republicans, who contributed of their
means and energies to make • the great
victory for the people possible. When
Burns and Mclaughlin come to Sacra
mento and set up the claim they control
the party organization their assumption
demands rebuke. ....
The Democrats in the Legislature - to
day saw the Burns scheme to. block busi
ness by prolonging, the session of the Joint
assembly. When the roll call was de
manded on the proposition to adjourn
after the third ballot had been taken
Senator Ashe voted to adjourn. His
example was followed by other Demo
crats. The touts fancy that opposition
to adjourn may delude some people with
the notion that Burns has strength In re
serve which he intends to call at some
particular ballot, but this talk of reserved
strength is a bluff. Conditions may
arise by which Burns would be able to
line up three of four men who are not at
present in his camp, but be is well advised
that he cannot win as long as Republicans
refuse to go into caucus. '■■ .. ■ . -
Under the cover of a secret ballot In
caucus Burns . might disclose more
strength than he can rally in the open.
When it comes to underhanded, low-down
political jobbery, knavery and chincanery
the touts can give odds to anybody in
Grant's camp. ■ Grant has a bigger sack
to go down in than Burns ever had. al
though hints are thrown out that Can
delaria is richer than ever and if the col
onel was prepared to enter upon a cam
paign of bribery and corruption; he could
buy up everything in sight. . Much of- the
talk about Burns' wealth is ; airy non
sense The sums accredited to him v as
contributions to the Republican cause
were given by others. • ,The mainstay of
Burns at this time is the patronage. The
Impression is spread abroad that Gov
ernor Gage intends to recognize only such
claimants as the major and the colonel
recommend as- worthy. While the Gov
ernor has no sympathy or respect for the
Grant candidacy, he is not going to sur
render the management of State affairs to
the touts. It may be all right in politics
for the touts. to hold out the promise that
Gage intends to recognize them and -their
friends alone, but the Governor will have
something to say when the •appointments
arc made to positions under his adminis
tration. " ■•-.•- ", ■ : : . ;
NO INDICATION OF
BREAKING THE DEADLOCK
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 17.— Three more ballots and
the deadlock is not even ; sprung. ' On
neither of the ballots of to-day for. Sena
tor was there a change by so much as: a
vote. The list of absentees was s rather
larger, than usual, but the absent 1 ones
had paired with those who were present
and the relative positions of the leaders
remained the same. „■-:■• ,* ' 1 ■•■'■'■
Nineteen joint ballots have; been taken
to date and there is not the • slightest | In
dication that the breaking of the < dead
lock is imminent. _ _ ■"-. •
■ Assemblyman Raw of El Dorado . was
absent again to-day because of sickness.
He was paired with Rlckard of San Fran
cisco but Speaker Wright . did not * turn
up- throughout \ the session and' Rickard
shifted the pair to him and cast his usual
vote for Burns. .
Kelsey of Santa Clara was also absent
and was paired with Assemblyman Mer-
Caminetti of Amador and Glenn <of s Co
lusa were also among the missing and
Stephen M. , White, the ; honorary ', candi
date of the minority lost two votes be-
C^The of it. ' : of- the is -as follows :
The reaylt of the ballot Is as follows:
i Barnes, 10 .. v. rr '^c "■'■ ■-■■---
Bulla, 9. "■.-: li ■■/•;.■• ••--•- •
Burns, 23. -;. -' \~: , - ■ ' • ■■;■,■
; Fetton, 1. ■ ; y
Grant, 25.
Knight, 2.
Bard, 2.
Scott, 1.
Paterson, 2.
De Vries, 2.
White, 29.
Twelve members absent.
THE CALL'S CHARGES
AGAINST WRIGHT
WERE SUBSTANTIATED
The Whole Unlovely Truth Given to the • Light by
Witnesses to the Transaction.
THE SPEAKER GOT GRANT'S MONEY FOR BIS VOTE.
Story of a Man Who Seeks to Gratify Bis Ambition for High Position by
Corrupting Men in Whom the People of the State
Repose Trust and Bow Money Was
Spent for Him.
MR. MELLICK— This whole $1650 was Mr. Grant's money?
MR. GREEN— Yes; I think it was. The $750 was. I think Mr. Grant was in the
city at the time I received the letter.
MR. LARDNER — drew the check? How was the money paid?
• . MR. GREEN — I think that Grant drew the check; that is my recollection.
;'" v CHAIRMAN— That is the $900 check? ' ■ -^ .. :; . ;■■'. '. v ,- ..:
■'MR. GREEN— the $750 check, i ;; T "- :>
CHAIRMAN — Did you take any receipt for the $900 contribution?
MR. GREEN— No, sir.
* * * * * *
MR. LARDNER Was this $900 an absolute gift or was it expected that it was to
bt repaid? .. .
MR. GREEN — Well — was a contribution to the fund; don't expect to be repaid
at all.
[Extract from Green's testimony before the investigating committee.] '
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 17.— The story of How
ard E. Wright's degradation was told
to-night to the Assembly committee
appointed to investigate the charges
made against him by The Call.
The whole unlovely truth was told
as It had previously been confessed
by Wright. Then Milton J. Green, po
litical manager of the Senatorial cam
paign of U. S. Grant, retold the stOTy
and added to it details that had been
overlooked, forgotten or suppressed by
Wright.
In a word, the Investigating commit
tee has now Indisputable evidence that
Howard E. Wright, Speaker of the As
sembly, received $1650 from U. S. Grant
through his agent, Milton J. Green, In
return for a promise and Implicit un
derstanding that Wright would support
Grant for United States Senator.
To be sure, the story as told by
Green was not told willingly. The de
tails of the bargain were dragged
from him by bits. He was a reluctant
witnesß and his testimony was marked
by a cloud of reluctant evasions, out of
whicll the questioners with great diffi
culty extracted fragments of the truth,
until, by piecing them together, the
facts as they exist were displayed to
all.
It was not a pleasant tale, to hear. It
no more nor less than a relation of
how a man whose ambition leads him
to seek a high position is seeking to
gratify that ambition by corrupting
legislators.
Milton J. Green is the manager of
U. S. Grant's Senatorial campaign. He
is the man who handled the money that
was paid to Howard E. Wright. He
admitted to-night under oath that the
money paid to Wright was Grant's
money, and that it was money provided
by Grant for the purpose of promoting
his Senatorial campaign. There is
nothing left to be told. The Call's
charges have been substantiated by the
sworn testimony of the man who han
dled the money, and by one of the per
sona to whom Wright confessed the
truth.
When the Investigating committee
met this afternoon the great throng of
legislators and spectators in attend
ance testified to the deep interest the
Investigation is attracting here.
Assemblyman Meade of Los Angeles,
who Is one of the two minority mem
bers of the committee, appeared before
the committee and stated that he would
refuse to serve. He gave no reason for
his declination, but said that if his
resignation was not accepted there
would be a vacancy on the committee,
as he would not attend its sessions.
It was decided to report the matter to
the Assembly. The suggestion of
Committeeman Sanford, recommending
that Assemblyman Burnett be ap
pointed in Meade's place, was adopted.
Formal proceedings were instituted
by Chairman Cosper by calling U. S.
Grant to the witness stand. Walter R.
Bacon, a Los Angeles attorney, an
nounced that he appeared for Grant.
He protested against the decision of the
committee to place Grant on the stand
as the first witness and declared that
his client was not accused and was
therefore not called upon to make a de
fense. Mr. Bacon was Informed that
there was no desire on the part of the
committee to make Mr. Grant a de
fendant, but that it was deemed proper
to take his testimony in order to make
a proper investigation of the charges
made by The Call against Speaker
Wright.
Garret McEnerney, who, with E. S.
Pillsbury, appeared on behalf of The
Call, asked the indulgence of the com
mittee to make a statement. He said
The Call having made the charges
stood ready to substantiate them, but
that in order to do so, to the satisfac
tion of the committee and to the best
interests of the Legislature and the peo
ple of the State, The Call should be
permitted tn produce its evidence and
call its witnesses in such manner as
should be dictated by a full knowledge
of the facts. This was opposed by
Committeeman Melllck, who Bald he
was afraid that the time of the com
mittee would be taken up with useless
: questioning and legal argument. His
mind was set at rest on this point by
Mr. McEnerney, who declared that if
he were permitted to call witnesses In
order he would agree to get at the
heart of the matter so expeditiously
that there would be no cause for com
plaint. This view of the matter was
taken by a majority of the committee
and It was agreed that Mr. McEnerney
should be allowed to proceed In his own
way.
When Mr. McEnerney asked that
Speaker Wright be called as the first
w?tness It developed that he had not
retn subpoenaed. After a delay of a
half hour, the sergeant at arms suc
ceeded In finding Mr. Wright. When
he appeared before the committee he
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
said he was not prepared to take the
witness stand and give his testimony,
as he had had no opportunity to con
sult with his attorneys. He also said
he was awaiting the arrival of impor
tant papers. By consent nf Mr. Mc-
Entrney and Mr. Pillshury, Wright was
excused until the evening session. The
committee then adjourned until 7:30
o'clock in the evening.
When the committee reassembled
some discussion was had as to how far
the attorneys for interested parties
were to be permitted to participate in
the proceedings. The question vis
filially settled by the introduction and
ackption of a resolution to the effect
that the course of the investigation
should be directed by the committee.
The first witness called was W. S.
L.cake, manager of The Call. He tes
tified in detail as to conversations had
by him with Wright and Green, the
subject-matter of which has been pub
lished in these columns, and formed rhe
basis of the charge against Wright.
The next witness was Milton J. Green.
Ths substance of what he testified to
has been outlined in the foregoing par
agraphs. A verbatim report of all the
testimony given, as well as all dis
cussion before the committee, will be
found in another place in this paper.
A careful perusal of it will prove in
teresting to those persons who have
looked with incredulity upon the
charges made against Speaker Wright.
BELSHAW'S BILL AS
AMENDED WILL PASS
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 17.— Senate bill 199
by Cutter of Yuba County will pass tha
Assembly with two slight amendments.
This was decided by the Republican ma
jority in caucus this afternoon. The
amendements are that there shall be four
assistant minute clerks, instead of two as
In the bill, and that all appointments
shall lie over for a day on the journal,
in order that they may be investigated.
As the bill stands now there will be thirty
odd new employes, with an added daily
expense of about $113 more than under
the Belshaw act. The bill was presented
in caucus by Assemblyman Valentine of
Los Angeles and was practically agreed
to by Belshaw, but he wanted to tack
on as an amendment that if any further
employes were to be hired it should only
be done by a four-fifths vote.
The caucus would not stand for It, and
Belshaw with a large following bolted the
proceeding. They filed out of the court
room where the caucus was being held
into the Capitol rotunda and flatly refused
to go any further with the matter until it
Is introduced in the Assembly, when they
propose to fight it to a standstill. Bel
shaw claims that after he and his sup
porters bolted there was not a quorum
left in the caucus and that any subse
quent action was void. He refuses to be
bound by Its action, and claims that none
other of the members are, and is getting
ready for a bitter fight when the bill
comes up to-morrow- after the charter ha*
been considered.2
STENOGRAPHIC REPORT OF THE INVESTIGATION.
INVESTIGATORS GET
RIGHT DOWN TO WORK
THE WHOLE STORY OF WRIGHT'S DEGRA
DATION BROUGHT OUT.
Verbatim Report of the Proceedings of the Committee
Which Is Looking Into the Charges Against the
Speaker of the Assembly.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, PACRA-
M).:.\. . : The sj' • i.'ii committee
by tin Assembly to investigate
.-! Howard K.
Wright. S] \ — >t 'ubly. and^to
■ i : I .'. ue.nce
members <>f th< y in their yote
i ft E ■-• nator, m< t in room
- ai 2:30 p. m.,
\\ ith the following i!.
rman). M< rdner, I. a
The following pro-
The chairman "The special committee
on investigation will please 'come to or
k will i all the ml!. By the
way, 1 will say mmittee I have
as clerk John Wray, and as
: apher Mr. Richards .
wing five mem-
The chairman— "A quorum is present —
>\. a majority. A motion will
fixing the number that
institute a quorum."
Mr. Mellick—"! movi the passage of the
• on : 'R< s ■;■•'• ii. That a
■
i rs, of \\ hich one shall be
chairman, ted by him
■ as chairman."
[on was i y Mr.' La
and < an h
■ chairman— "lt is po ordered, Mr.
Clerk. What Is the further pleasure of
Mi. Mellick— "Mr. Chairman, the ser
geant-at-arms is down in the Assembly
whether we can .net that room to
hold i g and perhaps we
a report from him."
. — "1 think we mig*
well ■■ impany is pres
ent. ■ ' Un
■
try parliamentary procedun will i>e
airman will rule
upon all questions that come before it,
and any m< mber desiring to take issue
will make objection. iMr, Meade, one of
the :: tiit committee, who had
ip to th.it time a d the
commitK c room, i
Mr. M> .i(i« -"Mr, Chairman, the
ft-at-arms asked m< to come up uere.
warn i" -.i> that the Bpeaker pro tern,
ed me trom acting on this commit-.
•:ui my successor would I
Inted, or rather the vacancy filled,
but for the obje< tion of Judge Dibble this
morning, l notified the Speaker of the
House this morning that 1 would not serve
on this committee under any cljfaum.
. and if he
Lppoim my successor there will be
a vacancy in this commttti i : that is all.' 1
The chairman— "You have heard the re
marks of Mr. Meaue. Have you any ac
tion that should be taken thereon? I sup
we have no jurisdiction, Mr. Meade.
I think there ought to be a report to the
Asr-- nibly."
Mr. Lardner— "l would simply report
him."
Mr. Sanford— "Simply report that Mr.
refuses to Berve, and that we ask
that Mr. Burnett be appointed."
Mr. Lardner— "Just repori the fact, and
let him do as .c pleases, i move, Mr.
Chairman, that thffl be reported by the
chairman of this committee to the Speak
■ House."
Mi. Mellick— "l move as an amendment
to that that we recommend that the
Speaker pro tern. appoint Mr. Burnett in
Mr. : ' . ice. in view of the fact
that Mr. Burnett has consented to serve."
Mr. Laßaree— "l Becond that motion of
Mr. Mi
The chairman—' there is no motion be
fore me — no second."
Mr. Mellick— "I will second hia motion,
In order to get it before the com
mits .
The chairman— "lt is moved and second
ed that the declination of Mr. Meade to
serve on this committee be reported to the
Speaku pro tern. of the House. There is
an amendment offered that the declina
ported to the Speaker of the
tnbly by the chairman, and that they
recomni'i. I ilntmfent or Mr. Bur
nett to till the vacancy. The question is
the amendment. Ail- there any re
marks?"
Mr. Lardner— "l think. Mr. Chairman,
that it Is out of our province to recom
mend whom he shall appoint. I think we
should simply report the fact and let the
Speaker pro tern. of the Assembly do just
as he sits lit. That is my view of the
matter."
Mr. Sanford -"The committee, it
to ny immei <i anything it Be< a
lit. In view of the fact tTiat he Is a mem
ber of the minority I am now th" only
member of the minority on the commit!
In view of the fact thai Mr. (&
refuses to Berve and Mr. Burnett has
consented to serve, I think that it would
only be right that this committee make
it known to the Hod--, as it was not
thoroughly Btated before the House this
morning. " I do not see how it would be
out of the province of the committ* • to
simply make that request to the Houpp."
The amendment to the original motion
was put by the chairman and was car
lied: the motion as amended was also
carried.
Mr. Coßper— "lt is well, perhaps, to an
nounce that the committee has done the
best it could, through the sergeant-at
arms, to secure a more comfortable room
for our occupancy during this investiga
tion; but, for the present, we arc told
that it is impossible to do any better than
we have, and the session this afternoon
will have to be held in this room. You
will need to look with care to the bulle
tin board to learn where our meetings
are to be held, because they are not likely
to be held In this room. It is too small
and too confining. What is the further
pleasure of the committee?" .%
The chairman— "Will Mr. Ulysses S.
Grant Jr. kindly take the witness Btand?
We will supply a place for him over
here."
Mr. Bacon— "Mr. Chairman, I will ap
pear for Mr. Grant in this matter. My
name is Bacon, from Los Angeles — W.
R. Bacon. I understand you. Mr. < 'hair
man, that the committee is not full?"
The chairman — "We lack one member."
Mr. Baffin- "Pn you propose to pro
ceed with the Investigation prior to com
pleting your committee?'*
The chairman— "l think so."
Mr. Bacon— "On behalf of Mr. Grant,
who is subpenaed here as a witness, we
would like very much to have the chair
man make a statement, or the commit
tee make a statement, defining the scope
that this investigation will take — as to
whether there is any specific charge that
they propose to investigate, or whether
they propose to investigate the whole
campaign that has been made in this
fitate. We simply desire it from this fact:
that If there is a definite, specific charge
to be investigated of course the witnesses
in this matter will be very much fewer
in number than if the entire campaign
were gone Into; and for that purpose we
would like to know a little something
about it, so as to prepare ourselves for
that event."
The chairman— "l will say to the com
mittee and to Mr. Bacon that the matter
is in a somewhat nebulous condition in
my own mind, but under the resolution
it seems to me that it is within the
province of the committee, if it sees fit,
to investigate all the transactions with
reference to the candidacy of any person
for United States Senator before the
present Legislature, and it is my judg
ment that that will be the course taken.
Has that defined It sufficiently for you?"
Mr. Bacon— "Yes, sir. Now. if that Is
the case, it seems to me, Mr. Chairman—
as 1 understand it this resolution was In
troduced by Mr. Johnson, and in his pre
amble to the resolution he says that there
have* been charges made of improper con
duct. Now, it seems to me that it would
be proper in first put before your rnm
niittee f»me charge of improper doings
on the part of some Senatorial candidate
<t::>l then those candidates can be sub
penaed here to refute those charges. It
seems to me that it would be a very pe
culiar state of affairs if a candidate for
United States Senate can b>' brought up
before, a committee of this kind and have
the conduct of his campaign Investigated
Without there bring the least charge that
there is anything wrong about his cam
paign. Ami we desire, in a spirit of fair
ness and in justice to' Mr. Grant to ob
ject to Mr. Grant being the first witness
In tin's case- for the reason that there is
lutely— 60 far as this committee is
rued — no charge here of any im
proper conduct of this campaign. Now,
as 1 understand it. Mr. chairman and
gentlemen of the committee, I do not
think there is any question but that it is
public property, and it is already conced
< d by the public to be a fact, that these
resolutions grew out of a- certain article
in the San Francisco Call. It seems to
me that Mr. I.cake, the managing editor
■I Tfre Call, should be put upon the stand
and substantiate his charges- or make
Bay what Mr. "Wright said
to him, or what Mr. Grant said to him,
or what somebody sail! to him, that led
him to believe that something improper
had been done in this campaign. And I
appeal to you. gentlemen, that it is not
fair and it Lowers* the dignity of y.uir
committee t" ask Mr. ("riant to be put
upon the stand .lure to refute something
that lie knows nothing about. I ask you.
gentlemen, in a spirit of fairness, that
you put somebody upon the stand to say
something that will indicate to you that
there has been a wrong committed."
Mr. McEnerney— "Mr. Chafrraan, I
would like to have the permission of the
committee to address it for a few min
utes.? 1
The chairman— "Your name."
Mr. McEnei^iey— "Garret McEnerney."
The chairman— "You have mv permi;
sion.",
Mr. McEnerney— "Mr. E. S. Pillsbury and
I appear here for Mr. John D. Spreckels,
proprietor of The Call, and Mr. W. S.
Leake, the managing editor. The resolu
tion adopted by the House of which you
•men are members recites that-cer
tain charges have been made, a? Mr
i Bacon has already stated, it is common
prop* rty that those charges -were made in
'; The Call. We expected to address the
cornmiu-eo b'fore it outlines the procedure
which it bad determined to follow and to
• Bt that inasmuch, as the charge was
by men who occupy positions of
prominence and financial stability in the
it may be readily presumed that
they are familiar with some of the facts
by which' the charges could be proven.
and if it were the sense of your commit
tee—which presumably has no information
about the matter and which is to sit here
with no preconceived notions about the
matter and no prior knowledge— to permit
us to put in proof to substantiate our
charges and let us bring out the facts
with directness and with expedition, the
eding could be brought to an early
close. If it was found, after a short period
of time, that we were wasting the time of
the committee it could take the matter
iin r.f our hands. It seems to us that,
I having, as we claim, the facts within our
knowledge, which the committee does not
possess, better results could be ac
i compllshed by asking us to establish the
I charges if we are able."
The chairman— "l will say to the gen
tlemen that this committee is not a court
trying specific charges, because, as has
well been said, no specific charges— at
least, no written charges— have been
plat ed before this committee. It is a com
| mittee of investigation, and I am quite
; willing, on my part, as chairman of the
committee, to submit the matter as
to the course to be pursued to the
committee, and, indeed, I raised that
tlon last evening. In our first meeting.
but the matter was left undecided, as I
thought, and I will hear any suggestions
; from the committee upon the proposi
; tion."
Mr Mellick— "l want to say for my part
that I am absolutely opposed to the at
torneys of anybody coming here and run
ning this matter. If The Call wants to
establish its charges so that it won't
njeed to carry tlx-m out in the courts I
am dead, opposed to that. If they have
be"en sued for libol-if they want to es
tabllsh any line of argument or any fact.s
it is their business in the courts, not here.
As far as Mr. Bacon is concerned, In his
talk I am wiiiiiiK tot 1 1 1 * - attorneys to go
; this far before this committee, and thai
is: When there is a witness on the stand
then, of course, he has the right to ad
vice from an attorney, but I am not in
I favor of having an attorney step in here
! and dictate to this committee what it
fhall do, or suggest even. We are hero
appointed to investigate this ourselves,
j and. by the Eternal, for one I want to
investigate! I don't want attorneys to
step in here and ask this question nor
that question and stop us In It. My ex
perience In the last session was the attor
neys, one side and the other, would come
in hore an<! they- would offer this sugges
tion and that, and until we banished at
torneys, except as advisers for any par
ticular witness, we made no progress;
and I am in favor of following that pro
cedure now. We know what we are after.
Let us go directly and get it without re
gard to any attorneys for any party."
Mr. Bacon— "Mr. Chairman, I certainly
I do not desire to make any suggestion at
all as to any procedure. I simply, in the
first place, ask for information as to
: what procedure you propose to adopt.
Mr. Mellick will grant me this: that Mr.
Grant Is acandidate for I'nited States Sen
ator, a high and honorable position, and
he should not be, by any committee, put
in a position of defending himself
against a charge that is not for
mulated. There never has been a com
mittee in the Houses of Congress, nor in
a Legislature, that I ever heard of that
would not allow a man who is charged
with doing something wrong a chance
to be represented by himself and by an
attorney." .
Mr. Mellick— "Mr. Bacon, let me answer
that.". . . . .
Mr. Bacon— "Well."
Mr. Mellick— "Your suggestion is a good
one. I think there is no question that at
torneys very often get into a committee
meeting of this kind and seek to divert it
from its proper channel. That is not my
idea, at all. We are here at this investi
gation, but what we. want to know Is what
we are investigating."
The chairman— "Your contention, if I
understand you, Mr. Bacon, is that there
should be formulated charges made be
fore this committee."
Mr. Bacon— "No, sir; not formulated
charges. We don't want any informa
tion or any indictment, or anything of
that kind written out: but what we want
Is to have somebody get un in this com
mittee room and say that something
wrong has , been done. That is all we
want. It seems to me it is one of the
most simple requests ever made."
The chairman— "How would It then be
properly denominated an investigating
committee?"
Mr. Bacon— "Why, what are you inves
tigating?"
The chairman— "We are Investigating
whether a wrong has been done."
Mr. Bacnn— "investigating whether a
I wrong has been done. Now, as I have
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 18, 1899.
snld, and as Mr. McKnemey has said,
there is no question— l don't think there
is any doubt in the minds of the members
of this investigating committee— the_
charge is founded upon the fact that there
was a charge in tne newspaper of im
proper conduct."
Mr. Mellick— "l will help you out as to
how I am willing to go ahead, as a mem
ber-of this committee. For instance, if
the chairman calls Mr. Grant, we put
him on here and we ask u»m a question;
you, as his attorney, can object to
that question.; and, as far as • I
am concerned, I am willing 'to
have you state your views before the
committee; but then we can decide, under
the resolutipn, whether we are asking
proper questions or not. We are not trj
ing to shut you out as an attorney and
adviser of Mr. Grant, except when, in
tlie investigation we ask a certain ques
tion. Then you can decide or you can
argue whether it Is a proper question
under this resolution or hot. But we have
got to go right in auU do something."
Mr. Bacon— "Well, I cannot help but
see, Mr. Chairman and other members of
the committee, that it could not be any
thing but proper to start this investiga
tion in a logical way."
Mr. Mellick— "Who decides what is
logical?"
Mr. Bacon— "You do. T am not decid
ing. 1 am simply making the suggesfion
that that would be the logical way to do
It; have somebody come in here and make
a statement of something done Improp
erly; and then, if there is no such state
ment made, there is no need for any in
vestigation."
The chairman— "Your idea, then, would
be that a charge be made."
Mr Bacon— "No, sir; I don't say that."
The, chairman— "That counsel for the
person supporting the charge should, in
vestigate and offer his testimony in sup
port of that charge, and the other side —
the other parties— must bring testimony
to prove the. falsity of the charge. Is
that right?"
Mr. Bacon— "Mr. Chairman, my posi
tion is simply this: that that article in
The Call stands in just exactly the same
stead as an indictment. Now. if you were
in a court of justice, or anywhere, on
earth where the ordinary rules of evi
dence obtain, the first procedure is to sub
stantiate the charges. Why is it unfair,
why is it unbusinesslike, to do that?"-
The chairman— "lt looks to me as if
this committee is a unique committee in
one respect, that it has not a likeness to
a court— not a general likeness, more in
the likeness of a grand jury in its in
vestigation of any supposed "wrong, and
that the procedure that has grown up in
tlie practice of the courts is not such a
procedure as will affect the purposes of
this investigation. If the committee, any
of them, feel differently about the matter,
I will be glad to hear from them."
Mr. l.ardner— "Mr. Chairman, as an at
torney. 1 know but one way to get at
these matters. If there is a charge made
let those who make the charge attempt
to substantiate it, and then those who
deny the ( hargc attempt to refute it. I do
not know how to get at it in any other
way."
The chairman— "The difficulty about the
matter is that we have no specific
charge."
Mr. Lardner— "Well, there must be a
plaintiff and defendant, one way or the
other— or an affirmative and a negative."
Mr. McEnerney— "l would like to inquire
if there is a copy of the resolution before
the committee?"
The chairman— "Yes. Would you like
to hear it read?"
Mr. McEnerney— "l will ' read It. The
first paragraph of the preamble, Mr.
« "hairman, is:
Whereas, Direct charges have been made that
Improper means have been used to Influence the
action of the Hon. Howard E. Wright, a mem
ber of and Speaker of the Assembly, In the
election .of a United States Senator by the
Legislature, and whereas, it has been charged
that some persons have used and are using il
legal methods to influence the action of mem
bers of the Assembly in said election, and
whereas, etc.
"Now, it serais to me that those two
paragraphs carry a charge. The Clients
whom Mr. Plllslmry and myself represent
have made the charges."
The chairman— "Let me call your atten
tion, Mr. MeEnerney, to this proposition:
That the preamble to those resolutions
speaks about a charge."
Mr. Mcßnerney— "Yes, sit."
The chairman —"But that no tocfl
charge, so far as this committee may
know and so far as the members thermf
may know personally, has been made to
the Assembly." 1
Mr. McE-nerney— "That is- true. But tlue
Assembly, in the exercise of that inherent
power which it possesses, to preserve the
integrity of the body as such and its
members, has taken notice of a public
charge of that character, and this com
mittee has met to hear and determine
those matters. Now, the charge has been
made by certain individuals. Those cer
tain individuals claim to be able to sub
stantiate the charge. This committee does
not know by whom the, charges can be
substantiated; it does not know that they
can be substantiated by Mr. Grant or by
Mr. "Wright or by Mr. Green or any one
else. The charges having been made by
the clients whom we represent, they are
the sole owners and in the possession of
facts which would enable the proof of
those facts to be expeditionsly brought
forward. Of course, 1 have no" desnre to
take issue with Mr. Mellick about the re
sults of interference by attorneys In com
mittees. Portions of these charges, as
they are set forth in these resolutions, are
specific in character. For centuries the
way to prove facts has been for me man
who makes the allegation to bring for
ward the proof, and that experience in
the courts has commended itself to the
judgment of mankind generally. Of
course, we have no desire to intrude our
selves into this controversy; but having
made the charges, our clients deem it
their duty to appear before the committee
and to say that they are in possession of
the evidence wherc-by those charges can
be proven, and if the committee will give
usa short time to make a beginning, then
if we consume unnecessarily and fruit
lessly the time of the committee you can
drive us out of the room."
The chairman— "Tour suggestion is a
kin<l one. What does the committee think
(if it? I understand you, Mr. McEnerney,
to propose this line of procedure: That
yourselves, representing The < 'all and the
men who made this charge through The
• 'all, desire t'i present to this committee
evidence In support of the charges that
have been talked about in this resolu
tion?"
Mr. McKnerney— "Yi'S, sir. To proceed
just as though it were a civil action,
where the burden of proof was upon the
person making the charge, calling what
witnesses we please and conducting the
examination under the direction of the
committee. , Of course, if we waste the
time, why, 'the committee will not toler
ate us. It Is undoubtedly true that it
needs no formal charge to set an investi
gating committee in motion. That has
been repeatedly decided in the courts.
The Legislature, for the purpose of pre
serving, as I said before, the integrity of
the body and its members, is in duty
bound to taken notice of charges reflect
ing upon either. And it could set in mo
tion, and it has the right in this proce«d
lng to set in motion and conduct the in
quiry without the aid or co-operation or
assistance of those who claim to be in
possession of the facts. But supposing
that we made the charge upon the state
ment made by Mr. Grant— the committee
would not know that Mr. Grant had ever
made the statement. It would not go
upon the particular item of proof we
founded the charge against him, and it
would go on, it seems to me, consuming
more time that would be consumed under
the plan as is suggested here."
Mr. Mellick— "But, Mr. McEnerney, your
attention is called to the fact that we are
not investigating The Call's charges alone.
There are other charges; and if we jiurn
it over to you to carry out a certain line
of procedure that you have in your mind
the first thing we know the committee is
carried away with your line of action.
You will naturally carry your line of. ac
tion Into what you expect to follow In the
courts and get your facts established
here. Now, I am not particular whether
we take Mr. Grant or somebody else; take
Mr. Ltake or somebody else. But we are
not willing that you Call people should
come here and outline a policy for us and
say whether they shall delay or hurry
the proceedings. We are here simply as
a grand jury, and not as in a civil action.
We are here, as Mr. Cosper, the chair
man, says, as a grand jury to investigate
these facts, and it is our business to go
right after them."
Mr MelCnerney— "Mr. Mellick, If you
will pardon the suggestion, in the delib
erations of a grand jury a district attor
ney is present to interrogate the wit
nesses which he wishes to subpena and
to bring into the grand jury room. He
presumably knows the facts which he de^
sires to lay before the grand jury. If he
does not know all the facts, there Is noth
ing to prevent the granu jury from going
into a general Investigation or Into an'
Investigation of the subject generally.
Neither Is there any limitation upon the
power of the committee here. Granted
r that thTs resolution appointed this com
mittee to cover not only ciiarges directly
made, but charges rumored and which
have, no persons to vouch for them. Now
you have two classes of charges. If the
people who make one class of charges
are here to substantiate those, they might
be permitted to substantiate them and
then, when they get through, the com
mittee could proceed with the other
charges."
The chairman— "l apprehend that Mr.
McEnerhey is right in this proposition;
that the investigation of any charges that
he might seek to prove on behalf of The
Call would not bar the investigation of
any other charges that might be, directly
or indirectly, brought before this com
mittee."
Mr. Mellick — "Well, lam not willing
that The Call should come In here and
establish their facts. We want to estab
lish them, and let us go right after them."
Mr. Bacon— "You have got to establish
them by The Call's witnesses, Mr. Mel
lick. That is all that Mr. McEnerney is
talking about and all I am talking about."
Mr. Mellick— "But he wants his line of
witnesses brought up in his way. He
wants to present the facts."
Mr. Bacon— "l do not understand it, Mr.
Mellick, in that way. Do not understand
me as being here either to make The
Call's fight. 1 do not undestand, Mr. Mel
lick. I do not think you do understand
that whatever the result of this investiga
tion may be it would have any effect
whatever upon the libel suit that you say
is threatened against The Call, because
the evidence that is taken here cannot
be used on that case. It is just simply
suggesting that we proceed with this in
vestigation in an orderly manner in the
hope that we may get through with it
and finish it In an orderly manner. There
is nothing that can be done in this world—
I do not care what it is— except some
system. . You . start in somewhere
and end somewhere. Mr. Grant is her*
ready to testify at any time. He is anx
ious that this thing should proceed and
be over with. He is perfectly ready and
willing to tell all that he knows about this
cas€>. But I say that it is not fair to put
Mr. Grant upon the stand in this case al
this stage of the proceedings and ask him
to testify when there is absolutely no
word of any kind before this committee
except the statement in the newspaper
that anything wrong has been done; and,
as Mr. McEnerney has pointed out to you,
there is no necessity for a specific charge.
It Is contained in that article in The Call,
and it is warranted by the statement in
the first part of the resolution under
which you are acting. Now, we are tak
ing more time over it than there is any
necessity for, and I shall say nothing fur
ther about it if I can help it."
The chairman— "The Calls statement
relates to a wrong committed by Mr.
Grant, and how could the committee, as
a matter of investigation, get it more
quickly and more readily than from a
man SO willing to testify as Mr. Grant?"
Mr. Bacon— "Yes. Then you are pro
ceeding on a very wrong and a very dan
gerotis theory, Mr. Chairman. You are
taking the newspaper article as an in.
dictmtnt against a man, and I do not
think there is any member of this Legis
lature that wants to start in with that
pr%cea€nt."
The chairman— "Well, I have this to
gay In reference to that: That this com
mittee, in so far as the chairman is con
cerned—and I think it is the sense of
the committee also— l am not assuming
that any man has committed any wrong.
1 am not assuming that there Is any in
dictment of any character whatsoever be
fore this committee."
Mr. Bacon— ••Well, then, Mr. Chairman,
if you do not assiimt- that any wrong
has' been done you must assume that no
wrong has been done.' '
The chairman— "Oh, no."
Mr. Bacon— "Then, why should Mr.
Grant be put upon the stand to show that
there \v:is no wrong- done?"
The chairman— "We are simply to de-
U rinim- whether a wrong- has been done."
Mr. Melllck— "l am not particular about
whether Mr. Grant goes on first or not.
lam not a stickler for that. But lam
a stickler for this: That this committee
shall do the investigating, and not the
attorneys."
Mr. Bacon— "Well, I shall let you alone
hereafter."
Mr. Hanford— "Mr. McEnerney, how
long will it take, to get Mr. Leake here?"
Mr. McEnerney— "I suppose ten mm
Utf-s."
The Chairman— "Mr. Bacon., the pro
cedure outlined by Mr. McEnerney is sat
isfactory to you. Ls it?"
Mr. Bacon— "What is that?"
The Chairman— "That those who as
sume to know the facts wherein a wrong
exists shall .first put on their witnesses
and establish the wrong."
Mr. Bacon— "Well, that was my first
statement, Mr. Chairman. Yes, sir. But I
don't want that statement to include this
proposition: That these gentlemen can
be given unlimited* time to do this. We
do. not want this investigation to run
along here and run along an,d run along.
And if there is at any time any disposi
tion shown to do that, why, we shall ex
pect this committee to protect the gen
tleman that is not charged here by bring
ing this thing to a speedy close."
The Chairman— "The determination of
that matter must depend upon the devel
opments that shall arise in the investi
gation.
Mr. McEnerney — "Mr. Chairman, may I
ask if the committee has reached any
conclusion in the matter?"
The Chairman— "Mr, Leake has been
sent for."
Mr. McEnerney— "Has the committee
adopted the suggestion that we made that
wo should carry forward the investiga
tion?"
The Chairman — "Not formally adopted
it."
Mr. McEnerney— "Mr. Leake is not the
first witness that we deslre-Mf that is
it."
The Chairman— "He is not?"
Mr. McEnerney— "No, sir. The first wit
ness we desire is Howard E. Wright."
Mr. Mollick— "You see? That is the
fliekens of it. I move this, Mr. Chairman:
'Resolved, that this committee be its own
investigators, and that attorneys for oth
ers shall only be permitted to the extent
of protecting or helping their own wit
nesses on the 'stand.' I am not willing
that Mr. McEnerney shall ask Mr. Wright
;i single question, nor Mr. Grant, but I
am willing to take The Call witnesses
and am willing that Mr. Mcßnerney shall
Interfere so far as protecting his own
witnesses or suggesting or asking them
questions, and so on. to bring out what
they want to bo brought out."
Mr, McEnerne,y — "Well, our chief wit
noss. Mr. Mellick, is Mr. Howard E.
Wright."
Mr. Mellick— "Who are you?"
Mr. McEnerney— "You are willing, you
Ray, that The Cail should put on its own
witnesses?"
Mr. Mellick— "No. I am only willing
that you shall interfere for The Call to
the extent of protecting your own wit
nesses, to see whether we are asking
proper questions under this resolution.
But Just as sure as we turn it over to you
you will carry this clear out of the line
of the committee."
The Chairman— "ln plain language, Mr.
Mellick is not willing that The Call should
have this opportunity to the truth
of the alleged libelous article."
Mr. Mellick— "No; not at all. Mr. Mc-
Enerney, I am willing that you shall ask
questions of your own witnesses; that is,
The Call's witnesses."-
Mr. McEnerney— "Well, that Is the
point, Mr. Mellick. I claim that Mr.
Wright is one of our witnesses, and you
draw the line at what are our witnesses.
Now you know that it is a very common
practice for a man to call his adversary
us a witness. Now then. If you allow us
to interrogate the employes of The Call,
why do you not allow us to interrogate
Mr. Wright? We say: 'Mr. Wright,
where were you on a certain evening?
Did you on that evening do so and so?'
Now, what Is the use of the committee
spending its time. The committee has not
any idea, probably— in legal fiction at
least it has not— of the circumstances
upon which this charge is predicated."
Mr. Mellick— "Yes; you can bring it out
by Mr. Leake or Mr. Levings, your own
witnesses. You can bring that fact out."
Mr. McEnerney— "lt is not for the pur
pose of determining upon what Informa
tion The Call acted, but it is for the pur
pose of determining whether the charge
Is true, or false. Now then, I assume that
If certain facts were proved by the testi
mony of Mr. Wright here adverse to his
position they would be taken for granted
by tho committee. Then why spend time
roaming over transactions with which
the committee is not acquainted, when I
promise you to get to the heart of the
matter in fifteen questions?"
Mr. Mellick— "Then' Mr. Wright's wit
nesses will come in here and oppose your
questions."
Mr. McEnerney— "lt has been the rule
from time immemorial that the best
means for ascertaining the truth about
a matter is exercised by a wise and ex
peditious cross-examination. Now, than,
if Mr. Wright swears to a certain state
of facts and gives direct answers to direct
questions, that is not going to take very
long."
Mr. Molllck— "Yes, presuming that to be
the case."
" Mr. McEnerney— "Well, it he does not,
the committee will relieve us of our in
quisitorial endeavor."
Mr. W r right— "Mr. Chairman, I have
just this moment been served with a sub
pena. I heard there was one issued, and
am not prepared to go on with the ex
amination at this time', as I have been
unable to communicate the fact that I
was to appear to-day to my attorney,
although I have hunted for him. and "i
find him engaged in the Supervisors'
chambers and will be there the rest of
the day. So, if your Honor please. I
should like to be excused from this ex
amination at this time."
The committee then adjourned until
7:30 p. m.
THE EVENING SESSION.
The committee met at 7:30, pursuant to
adjournment, and W. S. Leake was called
to the stand. ■
Testimony of W. S. I*eake.
The chairman— "What is your business,
Mr. Leake?"
A— "l am manager of the San Francisco
Gall."
Q— "Are you acquainted with Ulysses S.
Grant Jr.?"
_ A— "Yes, sir; I know him by sight, and
I know him to speak to him."
Q— "Are ,you acquainted with the Hon.
Howard E. Wright?"
A-"Yes, sir."
The chairman— "l hand you for exam
ination a copy of The Call of January the
loth. That is the paper of which you are
the manager?"
A — "Yes, sir."
Q— "Now let me take It, please. Can you
tell me who wrote the matter on the first
page of that paper?"
At-"I am responsible for everything
that is in the paper of that date."
Q— "And you make this your act, then—
the writing of- whatever there is in that
paper of that date?"
A— "l am the manager of the Call, and
I am responsible for everything that went
from this end of the line."
Q— "What do you mean by being respon
sible for it?"
„ A— "l saw everything that was pub
lished before it left here by telegraph."
Q— "Whatever was put into this paper,
then, of January 15 was done with your
approval?"
A— "With my knowledge and approval."
Mr. Melliok— "You mean what was sent
from Sacramento?"
A.— "l said from this end of the line."
Q — "You assume the responsibility for
the headlines, too?"
A.— "l did not write the headlines. Those
were written in San Francisco."
The chairman— "Now, the opening state
ment of this paper on that date is that
Howard K. Wright of Berkeley, Speaker
of the Assembly, received $1650 from U. S.
Grant Jr., through his political manager,
Milton .S. Green, in return for the promise
that he would vote for Grant for United
States Senator. Mr. L<-ake, will you
kindly state to the committee what knowl
edge you have as to the truth of that
statement "
A. — "That information I received from
Mr. Howard E. Wright himself, also Mil
ton S. Green."
Q.— "Each of them told you that?"
A. — "Mr. Green did 1 not tell me the ex
act amount, but he said it was over a
thousand dollars. Mr. Howard E. Wright
told me it was $1650."
Q. — "Where did you have that conver
sation with' Mr. Wright?"
A. — "New, Mr. Chairman, let me under
stand what the scope of the investigation
is. Do you wish me to lead up to how I
receive i this information, or do you sim
ply war.t me to answer 'yes' or 'no' to
your questions?"
Q.— "l would like to have the full story;
just how you came up to this information,
how you received it.
Mr. McEnorney — "The circumstances
which led up to it?"
The chairman— "Yes."
The witness— "I would like to state that,
to show you that I came by the informa
tion legitimately and not confidentially,
as might be claimed."
The chairman— "Well, that would nat
urally develop, of course. Very well, you
may state It. Mr. Leake."
A.— "Mr. Howard E. Wright was elected
to the Legislature from Alameda County.
I believed that he would be a proper man
to be Speaker of the Assembly. I made
an appointment with him .to meet Mr.
Spreokels and myself in my office in San
Francißco. We had a meeting. I asked
Mr. Wright if he. was in any manner obli
gated to any individual, or any corpora
tion, so that he could not give every one
proper representation if he was elected
Speaker of the Assembly, and he told me
that he was as free as the air; mat he
was under no obligations to any one, any
corporation, and had made no promises
and would not make any."
q._"Now pardon me. This was prior to
his election?"
A.— "As Speaker."
Q. — "As Speaker only?"
A.— "But after his election to the Leg
islature."
6 —"Can you name the date about?
A— "l cannot. It was shortly after the
election. It was the day before The Call;
came out indorsing him for Speaker.
That date I cannot give you from mem
ory. Mr. Spreckels was present; heard
Mr". Wright's 'statement. I asked Mr.
Spreckels — " _, _, .
Mr Bacon— "Well. now. Mr. Chairman,
I think it would not be proper for him to
give conversations with Mr. Spreckels. '
The chairman— "l. was going to ask -if
that was in the presence of Mr. \\ right.
A.— "l said the three of us were in my
P Vh* Chairman— "I think that would be
proper." .
Mr. Bacon— "Perfectly proper, so far as
I am concerned." ■
The witness— "l told Mr. Spreckels I
would like to be able to have The Call
come out and indorse Mr. Wright for
Speaker of the Assembly. He said after
hearing Mr. Wright's declaration that he
was perfectly willing that I should do so.
The Interview was very short. The next
day the paper came out indorsing Mr.
Wright for Speaker of the Assembly. I
had several conversations with Mr.
Wright took several lunches with him
at the San Francisco Club, at which there,
was nothing particular discussed. The
(■■ill fiskci no promise of him; indorsed
him because they believed him to be the
man for the place. After T came to Sac
ramento, after Mr. Wright was elected
Speaker of the Assembly, he came to The
Call's headquarters on X street, in the
Capitol Hotel, at my request. He came
there for this reason: Mr. Muenter of
San Joaquin had been requested,
the same as every other member
of the Legislature, by The Call to
express their preference either for or
asrainst Mr. D. M. Burns. A telegram
was sent to all of them. Mr. Muenter
came to San Francisco. He did not an
swer the telegram. He told he was op
posed to Mr. Burns and that his people
were opposed to him, but he didn't care
particularly about expressing himself in
print. After some short conversation he
then told me— authorized me to state that
his people were opposed to Mr. Burns and
under no consideration would he vote for
him. After I reached Sacramento some
three or four gentlemen from Stockton
came over— the names now I cannot re
call—l know their faces when I see them
—called on Mr. Muenter and told him that
he had made a great mistake; that they
had been informed by Mr. Burns' friends
that the administration now would not
give San Joaquin any patronage. Mr.
Muenter brought those gentlemen over to
me and introduced me to them, and we
had quite a long conversation in The Call
headquarters, and they told me that they
had received this information, that Mr.
Muenter would not be even given a
chairmanship of a committee. I felt an
interest in Mr. Muenter; if he had made
a mistake, that I was partially responsi
ble for it. I cent for Mr. Wright and laid
these facts before him. I asked as a per
sonal favor— not from The Call, but from
myself— that Mr. Muenter be given a
chairmanship. Mr. Wright gave me the
assurance that he would receive one.
Then the conversation drifted off into the
Senatorial fight."
The chairman— "Now, the conversation
where?"
A.— "ln the headquarters in Sacramento
here. Mr. Wright told me that he was
in a very bad fix. I asked him why."
Q. — "Pardon me. The last I have known
of your conversation you were with
Muenter and these friends in the head
quarters of The Call. Was Mr. Wright
present then?"
A.— "No, sir. I afterward sent for Mr.
Wright to tell him of this conversation
that I had."
Mr. Mellick— "Do you remember the
date?"
A. — "No, sir. It ,was soon after Mr.
Wright was elected Speaker."
Q.— "The same week?"
A.— "Well, I wouldn't like to state that,
because there was nothing at that time
that would cause a man to set down a
date or impress him particularly about
it. because at that time it was of very
little consequence to me, except that "I
wanted to see Mr. Muenter receive fair
treatment. I say, after we had talked
over Mr. Muenter's affair Mr. Wright
then told me that he was in pretty bad
shape on this Senatorial fight, and I. asked
him why. He told me that Mr. Burns ex
pected him to vote for him, but he says.
I cannot do it.' He then told me of his
marriage relations, his social standing
and a number of other things which I
would not attempt to give verbatim."
The chairman— "Who were present
w f hen you were discussing these things?"
A.— "Mr. Wright. There were n number
of the reporters in the room, but I don't
think they heard the conversation. We
were sitting back there in front of a lit
tle screen hack of the stove."
The chairman— "The conversation you
are now detailing was between you and
Mr. Wright, by yourselves?"
A.— "Yes, sir. He told me that the last
thing when he left home, that his wife, in
telling him "Good-by," had exacted a
promise from him that he would not dis
grace the family by voting for Mr. Burns,
and— do you wish me to tell his exact
language?"
Mr. McEnerney— "Yes, the exact lan
guage."
The chairman— "That is the only thing
to do, yes."
A.— "He said, he then told me somewhat
of a little dramatic scene that passed be
tween him and his wife, in kissing him
good-by. He said. 'Don't you think that
I would be a of a if I would break
my promise to that little woman?' I said
I think you would.' After some little
further conversation, why, we separated.
After Mr. Wright changed his vote and
voted for Burns, Mr. Green— l think this
was on Friday— "
Mr. Bacon— "Of last week?"
A.— "Yes, sir. It was right after Mr.
Vi right changed his vote from Mr. Bulla
to Mr. Burns. The Call came out with a
lot of interviews with Berkeley people,
and it was on that day, 1 think it was
Friday, I met Mr. Green and we walked
down to the Del Paso saloon. I invited
Mr. Green to participate in a little drink,
and I heard no objections. During that
conversation Mr. Green said to me:
"Leake, you have always thought Wright
was your friend?' I said 'Yes, I have al
ways thought so, and I have no reason
to doubt It.' 'Well.' he said, 'he never was
your friend.' I said, 'Why so?' Well.' he
said, 'he always betrayed everything that
you said to' him. He brought to us every
conversation that took place in the Burns'
headquarters. 1 He then said: 'I can tell
you exactly what Mr. Wright said to you
the day you sent for him in the presence
of- Mr. Spreckels when The Call decided
to come out and indorse him." I asked him
to repeat it, and as near as I can remem
ber the conversation he repeated it ex
actly. He said, 'You had several lunches
with Mr. Wright in the San Francisco
Club?' I said, 'Yes,' and he said, 'He re
ported to us everything that you said,
as he also did to Mr. Burns.' Now,' he
said, 'Mr. Wright is the biggest confi
dertre operating • — — I ever
saw.' 1 said, 'Why so?' 'Well,'
he says, 'how much money did
he get out of Mr. Spreckels?' I said,
'He didn't get a cent. Now,' I said, 'I
will take that hack. I don't know wheth
er Mr. Spreckels helped him individu
ally or not, but I can only speak for The
Call. He asked for nothing and we of
fered him nothing. If Mr. Sprufkeld
helped him at all he helped him individ
ually, and he didn't happen to take me
into his confidence. 'Well, 1 he said, 'he got
Into us pretty well.' I said, "How is that?'
Well, he then went ahead and told me
about Mr. Wright coming over to their
office."
The chairman— "Now, this is still in the
El Paso saloon?"
A— "ln the Del Paso saloon. He told
me about Mr. Wright coming over to
their office. Now, I don't know where
the office is. He didn't tell me; I didn't
ask him. Mr. Green was temporarily ab
sent. When he got back, either Mr. Grant
or Mr. Brown— l cannot recall, because
Mr. Green's voice is not quite as loud as
some people apeak, and 1 am not sure
whetiier he said Grant or Brown, because
we were standing up in front of a bar,
and our conversation was rather low; but
my understanding was that it was Mr.
Grant who was in the office when Mr.
Green returned, and he said that Mr.
Wriglit was in an ante-room, or an ad
joiniig room; that he had been there and
had a talk with him, and assured him
that he was for him for United States
Senator, but he needed a little assistance
in his election, and he said: , '.I tojd him
that when ypu are around you would at
tend to him.' Mr. Green sa^ that when
he went into the room where Mr. Wright
was, before he could speak to him, Mr.
Wright said: 'Well, Mr. Green, you have
taken an awful load off my mind. I have
met Mr. Grant axid I have had a little
talk with him. I think very favorably of
him, and I am for him for United States
Senator, and I am awful glad that you
are going to render me this assistance.'
He told me that Mr. Wright told him that
a man by the name of Pringle— now, at
that time I. did not know who Pringle was,
though I have since learned who he was,
and about him. I didn't know the man
at all; didn't know that he was a candi
date for any office, or had ever held of
fice; he said Mr. Pringle. 'I have got to
give him $200 to get him out of this
Mr' Bacon— "Who said this?"
A.— "Green. Green said that Wright
told him that he wanted $200 to get him
out of this fight."
Mr. Bacon— "l understand."
A.— "Now, Mr. Green told me at the
same time that he gave him other money.
He did not mention the amount; the only
amount he mentioned in this particular
connection was $200 he was to pay Pringle.
He said, 'I gave him the money and he
afterward came back and got $400 more.'
Then he told mo about him writing a
letter to him from the Suttor Club on the
letterhead of the Sutter Club, telling him
that he was in financial distress or
words to that effect— and wanting him to
pay a bill or a note — something of the
kind."
Mr. MelHck— "Mr. Green? He wanted
Gre«n to pay it?"
The witness — "Green Is talking to me
now _or I am trying to relate his con
versation as it took place. He said, 'I
telephoned to the man and got him over
and took his receipt for the money in
Wright's name,' ami he says. 'I have it
to-day. '" 'Now.' he says, '{hat is the kind
of a duffer he is, and," he says, 'he is al
ways telling me he is for Grant; he is
for Grant all the time.' The conversa
tion lasted quite a little while. Prohably
there was some repetition in the matter.
I went Immediately over to The Call
headquarters, called Mr. Livings and Mr.
Hugh Burke in, and I told him what Mr.
Greon had told me in this connection. A
short time after that— well, later in the
night— Mr. Burke came over from the
Golden Eagle Hotel, called me off to one
side, and he said—"
Mr. Bacon— "Now, we object to what
Mr. Burke said."
The chairman— "Yes. Is he an em
ploye of The Call?"
The witness— "Yes."
Mr. McEnerney— "He carried the mes
sage?" ■
The witness— "l am trying to tell you
that he carried the message from Mr.
Wright to me, from the hotel, that he
was going to see me."
The chairman— "You are not able to de
tail a conversation between Mr. Burke
and yourself?"
A.— "No. sir. I was going to detail
enough to tell you that Mr. Wright sent
for me to come over there; that he was
going to rule us off the floor."
The chairman— "That is all, that is; at
present."
Ms. Bacon--"That is hearsay."
Mr. Mellick— "l do not think Mr. Bacon
ought to interpose here."
Mr. Bacon-"A11 right, Mr. Mellick. I
won't interpose."
Mr. Mellick— "Let him tell his story. We
are not sitting here as attorneys."
The witness— "l am not here as a prose
cuting witness. I am here simply to tell
what I know. If you want to hear it I
will tell it freely. Mr. Burke came over
and told me that he had just had a con
versation with Mr. Wright and Mr.
Wright said that unless The Call changed
its attitude toward the members of the
Legislature The Call and its employes
would be ruled oft the floor; and, he said,
'He wants to see you. and he will give
you an hour — or remain over there an
hour— to have a talk with you. 'Well,' I
Bald, 'he won't have to remain but a min
ute to see me.' And I stopped my work
and went over."
The chairman — "Went over to what
place?"
A.— "To the Golden Eagle Hotel. Mr.
Wright, I believe, was playing billiards
or was engaged with some gentleman in
the billiard room. I called him in, and we
again had that usual proposition of tak
ing a drink and no objections, and we had
it. Mr. Wright said that he would like
to see me alone. He then took me
through the billiard-room into a little re
ception room or card room, and sat down
and "he told me that the indignation in the
Assembly was such that he could hardly
control it any longer. He said that tne
Grant men and the Bulla men and the
Burns men and the different factions had
been to him, and the Indignation was such
that he would have to rule the paper off
the floor unless it changed its course. 'Un
less you give me some assurance it will
stop the vilification of the m. tubers of
the Legislature I wiil haw to rule it off
the floor.' He says: 'I do nol waflrt to rt.i
this. 1 ha\e fought against it on account
of my friendship with you.' I said: Now,
Wright, don't let your friendship interfere
with your duty at all, because it cuts no
figure about that. 1 simply represent the
paper, and il you feel it your duty to do
it, rule them off.' He says: 'I will have
to a,, it.' 'Now, 1 I says, 'if you do. you
can exDect tbere will be some fun. I
says: 'There has been a good deal of talk
around here about certain members hav
ing their expenses paid for election an^
Other things,' and I said 'I will get hold
of it and publish the whole thing.' He
said. 'Have you heard about a certain
member receiving money?' 1 said, i
He said, 'Have ycu heard about a certain
other member?' 1 said, '1 have.' 'a cer
tain other itit-m!
The chairman—' Did he name those
members?"
A.— "yes, sir."
Q.— "Will you name them?"
A.— "l would prefer not to. because I
haven't any proof thai they goi a cent—
at least some of them— and I don't think
it is. right to those members to mention
their names In that connection."
Mr. MeUlck— "They ran prove their in
nocence. 1 think."
The witness— "l still insist that I Ought
not to aniwer the question; hut I am tell
ing you the conversation. 1 haven't any
proof in connection wish some of tlit^m,
and I don't think it is treating them right
to have their names a] pear in print in
that connection."
Mr. Robert T. Devlin- "May I ask a
question, Mr. Chairman? Are you in
vestigating charges outside the article in
that issue, that is, that refers to Mr.
Wright?"
The chairman— "Yes. we are investigat
ing It all. That is the scope of the reso
lution; it is so construed by me commit
tee." , ,
Mr. Mellick— "l think that everything
ought to come out. I think he ought to
state it. 1 don't think ere i* any —
The witness— "Would you have any Ob
jection to my speaking to my attorney
quietly?"
Mr. McEnerney-"I think it is your
duty to give it, Mr. Lcake."
The witness— "l wish it understood now
that I don't think 1 ought to tell it."
Mr. Mellick— "You understand, Mr.
Leake, that my understanding of this
committee is that am- time we ask a
question, or insist on* a t-ing. you or
course have a perfect right to talk with
your attorney and have him interpose an.
objection."
The witness— "lt is understood teat i
am to answer the question?"
The chairman— "l think that is the
propei ruling."
The witness— "He asked me if I heard
about the money Mr. Cutter had received.
I said I had. 'Have you heard about the
money that Mr. Raw received?' "
Q— "Mr. Who?"
A— "Mr. Raw. I said, 'I have.' "Have
you neard about the money that Mr. Jil
son received?' I said, 'I have.' I said:
'Yes, and I have heard about the money
that you received.' "
Q— "Proceed."
A— "Well, at that time he was consid
erably agitated. 'Well,' he said, 'I will
admit that 1 did receive it, but i am go
ing to pay it back.' 'Well,' I said. 'I
think you would be very foolish to do
that." 'Well; 1 he said, 'I think I ought
to do that. 1 He said: 'This decision
now in the Supreme Court of the United
States has cleared this Blythe estate up
so that I am to receive $7800 from the
estate, and 1 am going to pay Mr. Grant
back. I promised to vote for him; I
fully intended to vote for him, hut
he said, 'Conditions and circumstances
have arisen sn that I cannot, and I think
it is nothing but honorable that I should
return that money.' 'Well,' I said.
•Howard, you mad.- a fool of yourself
writing that letter from the Sutter Club.'
1 said, 'Do you know that Mr. Green has
got that letter and has got the receipt
for the money?' 'Yes,' he said, 'I know
that, but 1 was in hard straits and I
needed the money.' He said that part of
it. I said, 'That is all right. 1 He said,
'I intend to pay it back.' 1 said, 'Have
you paid it back?' He said, '1 have not,
but I am going to pay it back. I expect
to get this money now in a few tiays,
and as soon as I do I am going to pay
it back.' I paid. 'It appears to me you
are making- a big mistake.' He took me
to task about these articles from Berke
ley and the 'roast' he Was getting for
voting for Mr. Burns. I tnen related to
him the conversation we had over there in
front of the screen in my headquarters
1 called his attention to the fact about the
promise he had made to his wife and
about his asking me what I thought he
wduld be if he violated his pledge. I said
to him: 'Mr. Wright, I haven't changed
my mind one particle on that since:' tie
asked me if I was going to publish it
that night. I told him I was not. He
asked what the paper was going to say
about him to-morrow. I said tne paper
was going to make some severe charges
against him, but it would not have that.
After some little talk we separated. I
went over and told Mr. Levings and Mr
Burke of the conversation I had with him.
They insisted upon running it that morn
ing. I told them I didn't want to, as Mr.
Wright had threatened to rule us off the
floor, and I proposed to -come out to-mor
row and challenge him to do so. Sat
urday morning we did. On Saturday
morning I then detailed Mr. Burke to go
and interview these different parties.
After he had interviewed them— talked
with them."
Mr. Melllck— "What different parties'"
A.— "Mr. Wright and Mr. Green. After
he had seen Mr. Green, Mr. Green came
over to my office at the headquarters and
asked me if I was going to publish this
matter, and I told him that I was He
says. 'It is all true, hut I think you are
making a mistake in doing it.' He said
'You are trying to beat Mr. Burns, are
you not?' I said, 'Yes. the paper is trying
to beat Mr. Burns.' 'Well,' he said 'this
will not hurt Mr. Burns any.' He says
•The best thing you can dn, and I will s-_,
advise you, is to hold this as a club over
Mr. Wright's head to keep him from rul
ing you off the floor of the Assembly." We
were sitting on a typewriter d^*k* right
next to the door when this conversation
took place. This was on Saturday night-
Then Mr. Wright sent for me I went
over to the Golden Eagle Hotel and met
him about in the same place I ha.i met
him the night before. He said he wameu
to ccc me privately, and we went right
Into the same room, and he. locked tne
door. He says, 'What d»ea this mean?
Hugh Burke came and told me he knew
ail about the conversation we had last
night.' By the way, I have omitted one
thing that I wish to interject in my talk
with Mr. Wright the first night. I told
him that he must not ask any favors of
me, because I was not in a "position to
grant them. This was the night before."
The chairman — "At what place?"
A.— "ln this little room. I omitted thU
just a little while ago."
Q.— "What occurred in the room at the
Golden Eagle?"
A.— "The reason that I want to get that
in, it leads up to our conversation Satur
day night. That he must not ask any fa-'
vors or me, because I was not in a posi
tion to grant them; that the paper had
this information and that I could not
suppress that, and would not. Now when
we went in this room Saturday night he
locked the door. He cays: 'Look here '
what does this mean? Hugh Burke told
me about our conversation last night '
I said, 'That is true.' He said, 'I was
talking to you like a brother.' I then
called his attention to what I had told
him the night before— that he must not
ask any favors, that he was not talking to
me in a friendly way; that I had the in
formation myself. I said: 'You did not
give me this information. You sent for
me; threatened to put me off the floor
I came and charged you with these thing!)
and you made the admission. So,' I said
•you cannot talk about any confidential
relations on that proposition.' I have
omitted two other points in our first con
versation."
The chairman— "You may recall them "
The witness— "Will you permit me to go
back to that? My attention has just Men
called to it. In this conversation where
he told me he wanted this money to pa,v
Prlngle and others I said: 'Wright, you
went over to Mr. Herrin and demanded
of Mr. Herrin, or requested of Mr. Her
rin, $1200; and in giving the account of
what you wanted this money for you re
lated one item that you also gave to Mr.
Green, and that was the $200 that you
wanted to pay Pringle.' Mr. Wright said.
'I did not do that, Sam. I did get the
money from Mr. Grant, but I will pledge '
you my word and honor that I did not get
it from Mr. Herrin.' Now, also, at the
first night there he told me, ne said:
•Now, you want to beat Burns. I doirt
believe Burns can win this tight,' and I
said, 'Well, why don't you pull him out
of it?' He said, 'I think I can do 4t, and
will work on those lines." Now, I will get
back to our last conversation, Saturday
night. He said, 'You remember we talked
about my pulling Burns out of the fight?'
I said, 'Yes.' He said, 'I was just ready
to report to you the progress
I was making when Burke came to seeWRIGHT'S ACCEPTANCE OF MONEY CLEARLY PROVEN.
me.' 'Now,' he says. 'I don t believe Mr
Burns can win this fight, and J think I
can pull him out. and if you will suppress
this information, if you Will not publish
It ' he says 'i feel almost sure I can get
him out.'' i said: 'Wright, I font think
you can get Mr. Burns out of this fight:
and even it you could. 1 c.-uinot suppress
thia Information, because it hsfa been tele
fied to the proprietor oi the paper.
Ie )ir.o\xn what .vin.-s, and,' J says, 'I
am not In position to grant you any fa
vors whatever, and 1 will not do it." Well,
then he became rather violent and made
several threats about killing people and
bring!:. g suits."
Mi Mellick— "You had better tell the
conversation."
The witness— "Well, that is just about
what it la: and he said i! the thing was
published he would kill me, ajid 1 said:
"There is nu i;se delaying; the matter at
all. You have got the floor locked here.
and it hus got to be 'mbl'shed.' He says:
1 will bring a libel suit and siave you
arrested.' I said: "That part of it I
• annnt help. J can Dnly tell you this
i::atter will be published as 1 am telling
you.' Then he brought up this
proposition of ,• ias out, I told
him 1 had to go to the office and consult
w:th the proprietor fit the paper on the
wire, and that I would be back in half
ur. As 1 passed out and left him I
met Mr. Green and Mr. Simpson. Mr.
<rre<n wanted to see me, and 1 told him
that I was very busy and I would return
within a half hour."
Mr. Mellick— "Whut Simpson?"
Witness— "Mr. Simpson »t v « Chroni
cle—a* I was going out of the room. I
took Mr. Livings and Mr. Burke. We
went over, and after some conversation
the matter was put on the wire and sent
away. I did not go back to the hotel that
night at all. I received this information
about Mr. Wright going to Mr. Herrln
from Mr 'roen. I originally received It
. from M. H. de Young in San Francisco
At the time he told me, he. said, '-peaking
about Wright "
The chairman— "Now you are speaking
about what De Young: said?"
Witness •Yes. if that is permissible."
, The chairman— "Yes."
. The witness— "Mr. de Young- told me
that Mr. Wright would vote for Mr.
■ Burns."
Mr. Mellick— you establish about
the time and place of this?"
■ The witness— "Well, I wouldn't like to
set a date, because it was after the paper
came out and indorsed Mr. Wright for
Speaker, ami after Mr. Valentine and Mr.
Belshaw wrote this withdrawal and pub
lished It. It was after thai time. Now,
it might have been a week afterward or
two weeks. It is a matter that 1 would
not like to set a date on. "Mr <ie Young
told me that he was satisfied t!u»t Wright
was going to vote for Mr. Burns, and I
asked him why. 'Because,' he said, 'the
information has gone out that no man
should have a committee chairmanship
..unless lie was a Burns man.' I told him
lhat could not i.e. that 1 was satisfied
that Mr. Valentine and Mr. Belshaw. on
account of the standing that they bad
as indldates for Speaker, would be en
titled to a chairmanship, and my under
standing was that they were opposed to
him. He then told me that Mr. Wright
had gone to Mr. Hi rrln for this money.
The chairman— "Where were you during
this conversation?"
A. —"I was in my office."
"The Call office?"
A.— "Mr. de Young had called over there
to talk about Mr. Wright, lie said that
Mr. Wright had been to Mr. Herrin for
this $1200, but Mr. .Herrin only gave him
eight: and he said he got— he asked for
$200 to fix Prlngle and he says, 'He got
that $200 from another man.' Now, he did
not tell me who the other man was. Mr.
Oreen told me. after I came here, practi
cally the same thing: That after he got
the money from him to fix Pringle he
then went to Mr. Herrin and asked for
$1200 and Herrin only gave him JSOO."
Q.— "What Green was this that told you
. practically the same thing?"
a.— "Mr. Milton J. Green."
' ' Q. — "Grant's manager?"
A— "l don't know him in that capacity.
• I know him."
Q— "The attorney who has his office in
the Crocket building in San Francisco?"
A— "l (In not know where his office is,
Mr. Chairman."
Q— "l just wanted to know what Green,
that Is all."
'Milton 8., or Milton J. Green."
Q— "1 am sorry I Interrupted you, Mr.
A.— "Well, I would like to have the com
mittee as'; me any questions that" —
The chairman— "Mr. Leake. did Mr.
Wright tell you what he did with this
money? "
A. — "Yes. sir. I am prlail yon suggested
that. First he told me he gave Pringle
5200 to get him out of the light, and then
lie said he hnd a hard fight, and he said:
'I Just poured the money in." I don't
know what h-- meant by pouring.' "
Q.— "Did he suggest i" you that he got
money from anybody else?"
A.— "Tie denied getting money from Mr.
Herrln "
Q.— "That wns all the remark that he
m.id» with reference to what disposition
he made of the money that he got from
Gram
' : A.— "No. He gave mo to understand. in
a Rf>r.<-r.-ii way. that ho spent the money In
his flpii t ; that he had a hard fight over
thorp Hut I remember that one expres
sion: That ho sa.id he Must poured the
money In.' and that he had to pay Prin
ple—gnvo Prlnglo $200."
■ Q. — "He did not describe to you the
manner In which the campaign was con
ducted?"
A.— "No. sir."
Q.— "Nor the spe.-ifi.c items for which he
I>;iiii nut nny of the money?"
A.-"N<>. sir."
Mr. Sfl iford— "Did lio tell you that he
pnid Prlngle $200?"
A.— "Yes, sir."
Mr. La Haree— "And ho told you Mr
T.'ake. that he Rot 11660?"
A;-"Yw, sir I asked him the amount
He said $1650. Mow Mr. Green did not give
me the total amount, but when I asked
)iim th( total amount he said it was over
fiii" thousand dollar*."
The chairman— "Well, did he tell you
the person from whom lie directly re
ceive* the money?"
A.— "Mr. Green."
Q.— "Mr. Green"'.'
A.— "Yes."
"Did he say whoso money?"
A.— "No, sir. Now, that is one other
point there. I am glad you asked this
ouestlon, because those things suggest.
He said, when I told him about this re
port of him going to Herrin. 'I Intended
going thrr.;. but Guy C. Earl advised
mo not to do It, and I went to Grant's
friends'—Grant's managers or Grant's
r ,>npie-I don't know the exact term he
used; He said he intended to go to Her
r!n but Guy C. Earl advised him not to
do It.
Mr. Gardner— "Did he say whether
he gave any note for the " money re
ceived?
-"No. sir."
Q.— "Did he say whether he gave any
receipts for the money received?"
A.-' No. sir I did not ask him those
questions, and he did not volunteer it "
Mr. J-a Uaree— "He did not make any
direct reference to Grant— getting money
from him?
A.— "Not from him. He said he prom
ised to vote for Mr. Grant: he oouft not
do it; and when he said— or was talking
about paying it back. he said he was
coins to pay It 'i.'irk to Mr. Grant He
did not tell -ne he got the money 'from
Mr. Green with the promise that he would
vote for Mr Grant. He told me so. and
re sr<lo\ Now . I u Can ' t do It,' and ho told
tnr- he felt that ho ought to pay it back "
Mr Sanford— "State again the different
flntwi that ho said he rrot it."
Mr. McKnerney— "The dates of the con-
>-:•.';-' or dates the money was given?"
Th* witness— "l haven't given any date's
hecause I don't know the dates." " 'i
Mr. Ljardner "1 want to know whether
he ot It all at once or different dates "
The witnoss-'-Thc <Irst was $200 and
something else; I ,i 0 not know what th"
amount was; afterward $100. and then he
told roe about thi* Sutler Club transac
tion, and Mr Oreen did not tell me the
amount ai that time, but he said it was
over I thousand dollars, oil to!fl "
• The chairman- "Now, he tol d"you this
in the Del Paso saloon talk?"
• A.— "Yes. sir."
q._"-,lhv«- you related all the
t!on thru y<ui have had with Mr Qreen
on this subject'; ' <;rrfen
A.— "Well, no. I have had several talks
■with him. 1 <ln not konw that it bears
particularly upon this case."
Q.— "Well, that is all we want, of course
Have you ever seen any written evidence*
at any nuch transaction us you have 'ii>
tailed, between Mr. Green and Mr
Wright?'.!
A.— "I have not."
O.— "Does not the charge in ""ho Call In
volve a statement that there was written
evidence?"
A.— "'Mr. Green told me ho had nls let
ter asking him to do this, and he told me
he had the man's receipt for the money,
In Mr. Wright's name.' -
" a —"And does it say, also.that he had
exhibited those receipts and letters, that
receipt and letter?' 1 .
4..—"! don't think it makes that state
■unt"
Mr. Lardner— "Do you remember the
date of the Alameda convention— the nom
nating convention?"
A.— "No. sir- Ido not. I know about
the affairs over there and I did not know
who Mr. Pringle wa.«, or what office he
was for, or anything of the kind. I don't
know him now.' I have since learned that
he was a candidate— thai he was a Coun
cilman or something like that."
Mr. Sanford— "Wright told you. then,
that he agreed to vote for Grant for Sen
ator for this money?"
A.— "He told me be had agreed to vote
for Mr. Grant, and that, as he could not
under the circumstances he felt that he
ought to return the money, and he was
going to do so."
<.;.- "Green told you the same thing?
A.— "He did; said he was always for
him; came there and told him he was in
favor of Grant, and was going to vote
for him."
Mr. Robert T. Devlin— "lf I may be per
mitted to ask. wa-s the agreement to vote
for Grant a consideration for giving this
money— you ask the question?'
Mr/S.-inford— "That was the considera
tion, wasn't It?" , .. .
The witnese-"He did not put it that
way. He said he agreed to vote for ilr.
Grant, and went there for assistance, and
got this money and. as he could not now
vote for him— could not keep hi." word
with him— he felt that he ought not to
keep the money."
Mr. Devlin— "ln any conversation that
you had with Mr. Wright did he say that
he had received money from Mr. Grant In
consideration for casting his vote for
Senator?"
A.— "He never told me he got money
from Mr. Grajit at all."
Q.— "ln any conversation did he say he
had received money from Mr. Green in
consideration of casting his vote for
Senator?" . . ,
_A —••He told mo he received this money
through Mr. Green, and that he had
promised to vote for Mr. Grant, and that
ns he could not, he would return the
money."
Q._"Did he say that this money re
ceived from Green was In consideration of
his voting for Grant?"
A.— "He put it in as strong terms as
that."
Q._"That was the inference you drew
from It?"
A.— "lt could not be anything else."
Q. — "Did not say so In words. Now,
have you anything else in this matter, ex
cept what you state, based upon the con
versations between Mr. Green and Mr,
Wright 0 "
A.— "l got the Information direct from
Mr. Green and Mr. Wright."
Q.— "That Is the only information that
you have upon the subject?"
A.— "l don't know as I have any other
evidence ns good as that."
Q. — "A»as anybody present, or have you
any other evidence?"
A.— "No; only what he has told other
parties."
Q.— "So far as you are concerned, that
is baP»d upon the conversations with Mr.
Wright and with Mr. Green In the con
versations that you had with Mr. Wright,
was anybody else present besides you and
Mr. Wright?"
The witness— "Not in a position where
they could hear all he said, because he
asked to see me alone — called me away
from the members of the staff."
y— "Then nobody heard the conversa
tion except the parties— you and Mr.
i Wright?"
A. — "I don't know that they heard it
Part of our conversations were held in the
room, where there were half a dozen re
porters, but they were all busy."
Q.— "ln the conversation with Mr. Green
was anybody present besides you and Mr.
Green?"
A.— "Not engaged in conversation.
Q.— "Did anybody else hear it or under
stand it besides you and Mr. Green?"
A —"Not to my knowledge."
Mr. Mellick— "Mr. Lea..c, in The Call
this morning it says 'He (referring to
Wright* told the story of his wrongs to
several persons, among others being two
representatives of this paper and was un
sparing in his condemnation of a man
who. having sold his honor, refused to
abide by the bargain he had made.
A _"\Vho does that refer to?"
(J —"Oh Green. That it became known
to Green that Wright had taken Grant's
mojie> .^ that tQ Beveral peo .
Q— "And who was the other represent
ative of The Call? It Pays 'Two repre
sentatives of this paper.' Was one or
them you?"
A.— '"Yes. sir."
Q._ "And who was the other .
A —''My understanding is that he told
Mr. Burke practically the same thing—
that he wns a confidential operating
, and told. I don't know whether
It Is Raymond or sorrie of the others. "
The chairman— '"lf I did not misunder
stand you. Mr. Leake, you say that, at
the time that you had this conversation
with Mr. Wright, and he told you about
having recejved this money, that you al
ready had Information of that fact?'
A.— "l had It from Mr. Green."
A.— "Green had told me before I had
that conversation."
q.— "The first knowledge you had was
from Mr. Green?"
A.— "l charged Mr. Wright with receiv
ing the money. He admitted It. He did
not tell me voluntarily." •
Q.— "You escape the point.*
A.— "Excuse me."
Q —"Had you any information In your
possession of this "transaction prior to
your talk with Mr. Green and Mr. Wright
or either of them?"
A.— "Only what Mr. de Young told me."
Q.— "Oh. yes. Well, Mr. de Young told
you nothing of his having received money
"from Grant?"
A.— "No; but he said he got the money
from another man, but did not tell me
who the other man was. He told me
about the Herrin proposition— about play
ins; both ends against the middle."
Mr. Devlin— "l would like to ask the
witness one more question about Mr.
Green. Did Mr. Green, In any conversa
tion with you. say that he had "iven
money to Mr. Wright In consideration of
Mr. Wright voting for Mr. Grant for
Senator?"
A.— "Gave it to him with the under
| standing that he was to vote for Mr.
Grant: told me that explicitly: no ques-
I tion about It, because Mr. Green was
i pretty m:id because he had gone back on
nis words."
Mr. McEnernev— "Mr. Leake, you testi
fied that Mr. Wright, when he met you
in the Golden Eagle Hotel, just after
you had received his message from
Burke, told you he wanted to see you
alone. In wttose company were you?"
A.— "Mr. Levings anii Mr. Burke, and—
well, there were a hundred* people In
there, but there were probably five or six
joining in this little beverage."
Q.— "Who went with you to the Golden
Eagle?"
A.— "l took Mr. Levings and Mr. Burke
for the purpose of hearing the conversa
tion, and Mr. Wright would not talk to
me in their presence."
Mr. McEnerney— "Now. then, I suggest
to you, gentlemen, if you have a copy of
that Call of last Saturday morning—Sun
day morning — that you let Mr. Leake
have It. He may have overlooked some
thing. The matter was then fresh in his
memory."
The chairman— "That Is satisfactory to
me. I don't want to look through It."
The witness (after examining paper—
"This does not suggest anything now."
The chairman— "There is nothing on the
other side, 1 guess. I read that principal
\ _"No, I don't tii.nk of anything now,
Mr.' Chairman."
The chairman— Will you gentlemen of
the committee have anything further to
inquire Into?"
Mr Bacon— May I ask a question?
The chairman— "Ccrt.-ilnly, Mr. Bacon."
Mr Bacon— "Mr. Green, in his conver
sation with you on Friday night, as I
understood you. said that prior to the
payment of any money by him to Mr.
Wright that he went to his office one
time and found Mr. Wright there?"
A —"Mr. Green was temporarily absent,
and when he got back he found Mr.
Wright there."
MILTON J- GBEEN'S TESTIMONY.
Milton J. Green, being duly sworn, tes
tified as follows:
The chairman *.Q>— Mr. Green, nre you
acquainted with the Hon. Ifoward E.
Wright?"
A— "Yes. sir."
Q— -And with the Hon. U. S. Grant
Jr.?"
A— "Yes. sir."
Q_What business relation, If any, do
you bear to Mr. Grant?"
A— "Well. I suppose I am his attorney
and political manager— one ot them."
Q_"The niaxmger «>f his candidacy for
the United States Senate."
•- A— "Yes, sir."
Q— "By the way. what Is your name?
There has been Fome dispute about your
middle letter."
A.— "J. Milton J."
Q— "You reside at San Francisco?"
A— "Oakland."
W— "You have your office in Ban Fran
cisco?"
A-"Yes, elr." _ <
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 18, 1899.
Q— "Do you know Mr. Leake, who was
just on the stand?"
A — "Yes, sir; 1 know him. I met him
since I cume to Sacramento."
Cj— "Do you remember of having met
Mr. Leake in the Del Pnso saloon in thia
city a few days ago?"
A.— "l was in there with him one even
ing. Yes, sir."
Q.— "Do you remember the substance of
the conversation that you had there with
him?"
A.— "Well. I would not undertake to give
it. No, sir.'"
"You remember a part of it?'"
A.— "Yes, sir.'"
Q.— "Will you kindly state what was the.
subject of your conversation, and what
was there said between you and >ir.
Leake?"
A.— "Well, I don't know. I didn't charge
my mind with the conversation, but as I
recollect it was that— l think we were din
cussing Mr. AVright and his attitude
on the Senatorial question. The fact that
he had voted lor Mr. Bu'.la in the first and
second ballots and afterward changed to
Colonel Burns."
Q-— "Speak a little louder, please."
A.— "We were discussing Mr. Wright
and the action he took in voting."
Q.— "Now. what was saiU by you and by
him on that occasion. You have only
stated the subject matter of your conver
sation."
A.— "Well, Mr. Leake used some very
harsh terms regarding Mr. Wright."
Q.— "Can you state those terms?"
A.— "l wouldn't undertake to say now
what they were: but they were opprobri
ous epithets. And I think I stated to him
in substance that Mr. Wright originally
had been friendly to Mr. Grant, and that
afterwards by his vote had shown a
change of heart, in voting for Mr. Bulla
and subsequently changing from Mr.
Bulla to Mr. Burns. And I think 1 termed
him a political harlot. And Mr. Leake
wanted to know if Mr. Wright had ever
pledged himself to Mr. Grant, and I said
no; but that he had expressed a friendly
feeling for Mr. Grant upon various occa
sions — not only to me, but to other peo
ple—to mutual friends. 1 think I went on
to state that Mr. Wright met Mr. Grant
about a year ago and knew that he was a
candidate for Senator, and that he went
to lunch with him at the Palace Hotel, at
the grill room; and a few days after I
understood that Mr. Wright ' had ex
pressed himself on the Oakland boat as
being charmed with Mr. Grant, and that
if he was elected to the Legislature it
would give him a good deal of pleasure
to vote for Mr. Grant. I told Mr. Leake
that J had been a friend of Mr. Wright
dating back to the Senatorial campaign
of two years ago when he was interested
in Senator Perkins' campaign, and that I
had become very well acquainted with
him; that his record in the Assembly
two years ago was a creditable one. and
that he was a man of pleasing address
and that I understood he expected to go
back to the Assembly and was to be
Speaker. At about that time the primary
flection was held In Alameda County, at
which the delegates were elected to the
County Convention to choose or to nomin
ate the full county ticket; that there was
finite a strife in the city of Oakland be
tween various aspirants on the county
ticket; that there was in some of the
wards one or more candidates, and com
binations were formed between the vari
ous candidates in different wards in dif
ferent sections of the county. And then
I went on to tell Mr. Lenke that I had
been very friendly to Mr. Wright, and
knowing that be had expressed himself
as friendly to Mr. Grant in his aspira
tions—that, as I say, I had been very
friendly to him, and I had met some peo
ple who were interested In the primary
election with Mr. Wright and I had said
that I was willing to make a contribution
to the cause."
Q.— "That is. Mr. Wright's cause?"
A.— "Yes, Mr. Wright's cause— the nomi
nation in which Mr. Wright was interest
ed—and that I did so. But that Mr.
Wright had never at any time asked mo
to do so. and that I had never asked Mr.
Wright to vote for Mr. Grant at any time
in my life and that there had been no
promises on Mr. Wright's part that he
would vote for Mr. Grant. I think I also
t<>M him about a loan I had made Mr.
Wright of $750. and probably related the
circumstances, which are as follows;
I cannot remember the exact date,
whether it was before Mr. Wright was
nominated or afterward. I received by
mall one day a letter written from the
Sutter Club in Sacramento, signed by Mr.
Wright, stating that he was on his way to
• '.rants Pass, Oreßon. to close up an im
portant real estate transaction involving
about $Xs.o<>o, and out of which he expect
ed to make a profit of $2000; that he was
owing an obligation to a party in Berke
ley which would not fall due until No
vember, but the party had written him a
hurried note, stating that it would be a
great accommodation if he could meet
that obligation at that time. And my
recollection is that the letter stated that
he had received the word at Sacramento
after he had left home, and he asked me
as a favor if I could not send my check
to this party, or. better still, to telephone
for the gentleman and have him come to
my office and pay him the money and he
would refund It to me from his "share of
the profits of this transaction."
Q— "You say this letter contained that
Information?"
A.— "Yes; this letter. I have
not seen the letter since the
day it was received, but I am
pretty certain I am giving- the
substance of it. I did send for
the party, telephoned for him.
He gave me the man's name
and the number of the tele
phone. And the gentleman
came over. He was a man I
never had seen, before and
never have seen him since, and
I gave him the $750 and took
his receipt for it on account
of Mr. Wright, and I have that
letter and that receipt."
Q. — "Are they present with you?"
A.— "No, sir; they are in Sun Fran
cisco."
Q.— "You were served with a subpena
to bring all matters of that kind here. I
presume you have not had the opportu
nity to do so?"
A.— "No, sir, none at all."
Q.— "You have not been out of this
city?"
A. — "No, sir. The subpena was served
on me this afternoon about half-past 1."
Q.— "Had you any other conversation
with Mr. Leake relative to any money
transaction between you and Mr.
Wright?"
A.— "Nothing, except what I have
stated."
Q.— -"Did you tell Mr. Leake anything to
the effect that the assistance that you had
given to Mr. Wright from the primaries
on to his election was with the under
standing that he should vote for Mr.
Grant for United States Senator?"
A.— "Emphatically not. I never told him
anything of the sort or anything from
•which he could draw that inference."
Mr. Mellick— "You told Mr. Leake at
that time that it was over $1000 that he
had got of you. did yon not?"
A.— "That included the loan, yes sir."
The chairman— "l wanted to ask right
in that connection, Mr. Melliok, how
much money did you contribute toward
the candidacy of Mr. Wright in Berke
ley, as you have stated?"
A.— "Well. I think It was— it was all be
fore tho primaries."
y.— "All before the primaries?"
A.— "All before the primaries. I did not
advance any money after the primaries
but to the best of my recollection it wus
$900."
Q.— "To whom did the money directly
go? To Mr. Wripht in person?"
A.— "Well, Mr. Wright talked to
me about that to-day, and he was
under the impression that it went to
his friends in Berkeley. My recollec
tion was that I handed some of that
money to Mr. Wright."
y_"Do you know how much?"
A— "No; I do not. 1 cannot remem
ber."
Q.— -"Have you any memorandum or re
cord that will determine that matter?"
A— "No, sir."
Q. — Whose money was that?
A. — Well, it was money that
Mr. Grant had given me from
time to time to spend in his
campaign.
Q. — It belonged to that fund,
did it?
A.— l presume it belonged to
that fund. Mr. Grant, of
course, knew nothing of it.
Q. — You say you presume it
did. As a fact, did it belong to
that fund?
A. — Mr. Grant, of course,
sent me money from time to
time, and of course I presume
I will have to account for it in
some way or other — yes, sir.
Q. — And this money that Mr.
Grant sent you from time to
time, did it have for its pur
poses anything other than the
advancement of his candidacy
as a candidate for United
States Senator?
A. — Yes, sir; he sent me
money to buy some stock In a
mine in Tuolumne County.
Q. — But this money that was
expended in Berkeley in the
candidacy of the Honorable
Speaker of the Assembly was
not connected at all with the
purchase of mining stock in
Tuolumne County, was it?
A. — No, no.
Q.— "Now, have you any means, Mr.
Green, whereby you could determine the
persons to whom you paid the money mat
went into the Berkeley campaign?"
A.— "No, 1 cannot. My recollection was
that most of it was given to Mr. Wright
to deliver to the gentlemen who were In
terested in the fight in Berkeley, and still
I am not positive about that. That is my
recollection." <
Q.— "Did Mr. Wright report to you the
method in which he had disbursed this
money?"
A.— "No. sir, I don't think he did."
Q.— "Did you understand at the time
that this money was expended for the
purposes for which it was to be used?"
A.— "Well. I think this: I think that I
had said to some people who were Inter
ested in his campaign, who told me that
Mr. Wright was a candidate — I had said
that I was a friend of Mr. Wright's, and
I never had asked him how he was going
to vote for Senator, and did not desire
any promise or pledge from him— l think
I snid that I was willing to nsslst him by
making a contribution; but what disposi
tion was made of the money of course I
don't know."
Q.— "What was your object in paying
out Mr. Grant's money for Mr. Wright's
election?"
A.— "To secure the election of a Repub
lican Legislature."
Q.— "As manager for Mr. Grant you
were paying out money to elc-* a Repub
lican Legislature?"
A. — "Yes. sir."
Mr. Mellick— "But this was before the
nomination was made, Mr. Green?"
A— "Yes."
Q— "The nomination did not have any
thing to do in an overwhelming Repub
lican district with the election of a Re
publican Legislature, did it?"
A— "Well, of course it was then diffi
cult to tell whether that district would
be — whether there would be a fusion In
that district or not. Besides that, of
course, it was all in the line of the gen
eral purpose of electing a Republican
Legislature and assisting in the election
of"—
Q.— "No. It was not in the election. Yon
say it was before the primaries? You
pave !he money before the primaries were
heM?"
A.— "Yes. sir."
Q.— "Now. then, you were simply Inter
ested in petting a friend of yours nomi
nated?"
A.— "Well, in that particular rase it was
a gentleman that I was satisfied was a
friend of Mr. Grant's. I never had asked
him; I never had extracted a promise
from him or a pledge of any sort. But
he had expressed himself on numerous
occasions as being friendly to Mr. Grant."
Mr. Sanford — "You would not
have advanced the money had
you not thought he was friendly
to Mr. Grant, would you?
A.— "Yes, sir; I think I would."
Mr.Mellick— "Did you advance
any for his opponent— a Re
publican ?"
A.— No, sir."
Mr. Gardner— "Do you know Mr. Prin
gle well?"
A.— "l was introduced to him— well, I
met him twice and both times I was In
troduced to him."
Q.— "Do you know what his preferences
were for United States Senator?"
A. — "No; I never inquired."
The chairman— "Had you any con
versation with Mr. Wright nrlor to the
payment of that money as tohow he felt
toward Mr. Qrant'i candidacy?"
A.— "Oh. Mr. Wright had spoken to me
on several occasions. Hi- knew I was In
terested In Mr. Qrant and he had spoken
on several occasions— l would meet him
at the hotel and Hometimes on the boat,
and the subject was brought up and he
spoke about Mr. Grant— what a fine gen
tleman he was — and I used this term:
That he was a charming gentlnman and
It would be a very proud thing for him
to do— to vote for him if he went to the
Legislature."
Mr. Lardner— "Did I understand that
you let him have $900 independent of the
$750?"-
A.— "s7T>o wns the loan; yes."
Q.— "s7so was the* loan; SWi independent
of that; SI6GO in all. Mr. Greon."
A.— "That is my recollection; yes."
Q. — "The $75u was paid to Mr. Yeazell
and SMO was the contribution you spoke
of."
A.— "Yes, Yeazell. I suppose that Is the
name. It was a very peculiar name, i
never had seen it before In print."
Q.— "Was that loan of 57;i0 made after
Mr. Wright's election to the Assembly or
before?"
A.— "Well, that was before."
Mr. Sanford— "lt was after the nomina
tion?"
A. — "That is my impression, that it was
after the nomination."
Mr. Mellick — "This whole
$1650 was Mr.Grant's money?"
A.— "Yes, sir; I think it was.
The $750 was. I think Mr.
Grant was in the city at the
time ! received the letter."
Mr. Lardner— "Who drewthe
check? How was the money
paid?"
A.— l think that Mr. Grant
drew the check; that is my
recollection."
Q. — "That is the $900
check?"
A.— "No; the $750 check."
Q.— "Did you take any re
ceipt for the $900 contribu
tion?"
A.— "No, sir.
The chairman— "Did Mr. Grant know
of your contribution of $900 to Mr.
Wright'fl candidacy?"
A— "No, sir; he don't know it to-day."
Q — "Do you manage Mr. Grant's money
absolutely upon your own judgment and
without any consultation with him as to
how it shall be expended in the manage
ment of his Senatorial race?"
A— "Yos. Oh. not altogether on my own
judgment. Of course there are othef gen.
tlemen interested with me."
Mr. Mellick— "Who are the other gentle
men?"
A— "Mr. Brown — Mr. James P. Brown."
Q— "And who else?"
A— "Well, I should say that is all."
Mr. La Barer— "Mr. Shine?"
A— "Well, simply as a friend."
Mr. Lardner— "Was this $900
an absolute g-ift, or was it ex
pected that it was to be re
paid ?"
A. — "Well, it was a contribu
tion to the fund; don't expect
to be repaid at all."
Mr. Mellick—' That was to help his nom
ination; not his election?"
A.— "Yes; it was to secure his nomina
tion."
Q.— "And It was a part of the money
that was given you by Mr. Grant to
further Mr. Grant's Senatorial aspira
tions?"
A.— "Well, I cannot say that way.
Mr. Grant sent me money. There
I is no particular money that I was to pay
out for that or no particular money that
I was to pay out for buying mining
stock."
Q.— "Well, was it for any other purpose
that he gave you the money separate
from mining stock or for contributions
during the legislative campaign?"
A.— "No. My recollection Is that those
were the only two purposes."
Q— Well, then, this money, this
$900, was not for the Tuoluinne min
ing stock, was itP
.A — Well, it was not expended for
that purpose, no, sir.
Q — So it must have been to further
his Senatorial aspirations P
A — Yes, sir.
Q — Now, then, in what way could
it further his Senatorial aspiration' P
A — Well, here was a gentleman
who had been a member of the Legis
lature; he was a candidate for renom
ination. end I had understood from
him that if he was elected he expect
ed to be Speaker. He stated to a
number of people that if elected to
the Assembly he expected to support
Mr. Gr.\nt. And, while this money
was not advanced as «i consideration
for his voting for Grant, and there
was no promise exacted that he
would, yet it helped Mr. Grant's Sen
atorial aspirations by securing the
nomination of a gentleman who had
prviously, and some time previously,
announced that if elected, he would
vote for Mr. Grant.
. Q-— Did Mr. Wright make requests at
different times for this $900?"
A. — "No, sir."
. Q.— "For none of it?"
A.— "No, sir. lie never asked me for a
dollar."
, Q— "Were you present at a time when
Mr. Wright was in there talking to Mr.
Grant and you came in when he wanted
$200 to buy Pringle off?"
A.— "No, sir."
Q.— "Were you not present when he got
$200 for some such purpose?"
A.— "No. sir. My recollection Is. wheth
er he told me or somebody else told me,
that a portion of this money had been
used for the purpose of liquidating Mr.
Pringle's election expenses.
Q.— "Was not there a time when Mr.
Wright and Mr. Grant were together in
the room when you came in. and then,
after you came in, he got some money
off you?"
A.— "l don't remember It at all; I don't
remember that."
Q.— "Or Mr. Brown?"
A.— "l don't remember. I know that I
understood from Mr. Wright or from
some one connected with his canvass over
there that Mr. Pringle had withdrawn
just a day or two prior to the primaries
and that Mr. Wright, at the suggestion
of some of his friends, had offered to re
fund Mr. Pringle the amount of his cam
pa) m expenses."
Q.— "How came you to give the $900?
Was it on the order of Mr. Wright, or did
he come to you for it?"
A.— "My recollection is that it was Mr.
Wright."
The chairman— "At one time or several
times?"
A.— "Well. I think It was on two differ
ent occasions."
Q.— "And how was it delivered to him?
In cash or by check? Or otherwise?"
A.— "lt must have been cash; that Is my
recollection."
Q.— "And not by check?"
A. — "I cannot remember that."
Q.— "How do you remember the amount?
Have you a memorandum of it?"
A.— ''No, sir."
<j. — "You expended money In the in
terest of Mr. Grant's candidacy without
keeping any account of it at all?"
A.— "No; I kept no account of It."
Q.— "Have you kept a book account of
the amount of money expended in the in
terest of Mr. Grant's candidacy?"
A.— "No."
Q.— "You have not?"
A.— "No. I haven't kept any book ac
count at all."
Q.— "By what method do you keep an
account of the money you have expended
in Mr. Grant's campaign?"
A. — "Well. I think— I never kept any
book account, I know. I used to receive
money from Mr. Grant by checks, and I
think I kept a memorandum of the
checks."
y.— "Do you have one banking- institu
tion with which you Go business with ref
erence to this money— keeping It on de
posit?"
A.— "No, sir."
Q.— "You do not keep It on deposit?"
A.— "No, sir."
Q.— "Do you know how much money you
have received from Mr. Grant in the in
terest of his candidacy?"
A. — "1 don't remember."
Q.— "Have you any memorandum, check
book, receipt book or other account or
memorandum by which you can deter
mine how much you have received from
him for that purpose?"
A.— "l think I could ,yes, sir."
Q.— "How long would it take you to se
cure such evidence?"
A.— "Well, I should have to go to San
Francisco to get it."
Mr. La Baree— "Mr. Green, how did it
happen that Mr. Wright came to your
office and got this $000? Did he come
there voluntarily, or did you send for
him?"
A— "No; he came voluntarily."
Q— "l thought you said he never asked
you"—
A — "Well, he never asked me. but I
had been talking with some gentlemen
who were interested in his canvass about
it. He never asked me for any mone>.
And I had said to them, speaking about
Mr. Wright, that I was willing to make
a contribution to that cause over there;
and I presume some of those gentlemen
must have told him; that, of course, I
knew the friendly relations existing be
tween Mr. Wright and myself."
The chairman— Then, when he came,
who first spoke about the money to be
used in his candidacy— you or he? '
A — "Oh, I could not pretend to say."
Q— "Do you not remember at all how
the matter arose, that you came to give
the money?"
A.— "Well, my recollection is that I was
talking to some friends of his about his
candidacy, expressing my friendship for
• him and that I felt interested in his can
didacy, and I was told after that he was
on his way to see Colonel Burns to get
some money to help him in his candi
dacy."
Q.— "You heard that?"
A. — "Yes, sir; and that he had said that
he disliked very much to go to Colonel
Hums to get any assistance because Mr.
Grant was his personal preference."
Q.— "Who told you that?"
A.— "Well, I don't think I ought to an
swer that question. It's a gentleman that
is not in politics at all."
Mr. Mellick— "On what grounds do you
refuse to answer, Mr. Green?"
A.— "He is a gentleman that has never
been Interested in politics at ail and I
should hate to bring his name in."
Q.— "lt seems to me It would be a proper
question If he understood that he was go
ing to Colonel Burns. It seems to me
that we ought to find out where he
his idea. Don't you think so* 1
A. — "Where who got the idea?"
Q.— "Where this friend of yours that
told you Mr. Wright was going to go to
Burns to get a loan. Don't you think that
would be very necessary at this time for
us to find out whether Colonel Burns v.-as
making contributions to the different ones
in the campaign?"
A.— "Well, that is a phase of the case
that of course— that is a phase of the dis
cussion that 1 did not care to bring out."
The chairman— "lt seems to me that it
is a proper question, but I submit the
matter to the committee."
Mr. Mellick— "Of course we do not want
to drag anybody in here or their names
in here without there is something that
can be got from them."
The chairman— "Here is what may be a
new mine— a new trail— a new prospect.
If Mr. Green cannot tell us about any
Improper use of money on the part oi Mr.
Burns, perhaps this friend of his can.
That is the proposition."
A.— "l don t think so at all. That Is my
judgment; that the only Intimation you
could get would probably be to corrob
orate what 1 have now stated."
Q_"TA'ell, did you ever have any con
versation with Mr. Wright with reference
to whether he contemplated seeking Mr.
Burns with the purpose of getting money
to assist in his candidacy?"
A.— "i^ell. 1 cannot recollect on that
point. IPnow I got the information, and
my judgment is 1 got it from this gentle
man whose name 1 have withheld."
Mr. Mellick— "But, really, Mr. Green, it
seems to me that that person Is liable to
be somebody of importance In this inves
tigation. Don't you think so? Might be?"
A.— "l don't think so, Mr. Mellick. If
any one disputes the statement I have
made, why then I wli give you gentlemen
the name of this party."
The chairman— "Then you say, I under
stand you. this is partly Inference, Mr.
Green, that you had heard that Mr.
Wright was about to go to Mr. Burns for
money and thought you would prefer to
assist him in Mr. Grant's interest rath
er than to have him. or what is the fact
with reference to that?"
A.— "The fact is, I had spoken to these
friends of Mr. Wright a week or more
before I had ever heard this story about
his going to Mr. Burns— probably two
weeks before."
Q.— "Well, that brings us back again
to the old trail. What led up to the get
ting of this $900 of you by Mr. Wright?"
A. — "It is the conversation that I had
with this gentleman and friend of Mr.
Wright."
Q.— "Then did you volunteer to give the
money to his race?"
A.— "Absolutely; yes, sir."
Q-— "Learning the situation of things,
you go to Mr. Wright and say to him.
I want to contribute to your race over
there and let me give you ao much
money?' "
A— "No, sir; I did not."
Q— "Now I want to get at all the facts."
A— "l said that I made that suggestion
to his friends; not to Mr. Wright."
Q— "To Mr. Wright Indirectly through
his friends. Now, did Mr. Wright tell
you how he was to use that money?"
A— "No, sir."
Q— "Do you know, as a matter of fact,
to whom the money went?"
A— "l do not."
Mr. Mellick— "Now, it does seem to me,
Mr. Chairman, that that person becomes
quite important. Suppose when Mr.
Avright goes on the stand he should say
that his friends simply went to Mr. Green
on their own hook and asked for this
contribution. 'I didn't consider that I
had any obligations whatever." "
A— "Well, there was no obligation; not
a bit."
Q — "Well, there was a contribution for
some purpose. You did not give money
without some purpose."
A.— "Well. I contributed the money to
my friend— a gentleman who announced
on numerous occasions, a month before
that, that he was friendly to Mr. Grant's
aspirations for Senator."
Q — "No. but the point was that I have
not connected the money that you gave
Mr. Wright, because you gave it to some
third party."
The chairman— "He said that his
memory was that Mr. Wrig-ht got the
money."
Mr. Sanford— "Do you remember the
person that suggested that to you?'
A.— "Suggested that I give—"
Q— "You say that his friends suggested
that there be a contribution?"
A.— "No. It was voluntary on my part.
Entirely so."
Q.— "Who were those friends?"
A.— "Some gentlemen that were in
terested in his canvass in Berkeley
and Oakland."
Q.— "Who were they?"
A.— "Well, one of them was the gentle
man that afterward informed me that Mr.
Wright was going to meet Colonel Burns
to get some money to make his canvass."
The chairman— "Did the friend that you*
speak of ever say to you anything about
Mr. Wright's going finally to Mr. Burns
for money?"
A.— "No. sir."
Q.— "You did not know that Mr. Wright
ever did seek money of Mr. Burns?"
A.— "No, sir: 1 know nothing about it
of my own knowledge."
Mr. Lardner— "Did you pay the $900 to
Mr. Wright before or after you heard
that he was going to Mr. Burns for as
sistance?"
A.— "WpII, I do not remember whether
the money was actually paid after I
gained that Information or not I know
that I hsd volunteered to assist him,
probably two weeks before I ever heard
of that Incident. "
Q.— "Well, did that Information you got
induce you to pay it over to Mr. wYight?"
A.— "No. sir; not at all."
Mr. Devlin— "May I ask one question,
Mr. Chairman.?"
The chairman— "Yes, sir."
Mr. Devlin— "Mr. Green, you and Mr.
Wright have been personal friends for
two years or more?
A. — "Yes, sir."
Q.— "Were you Interested In his canvass
two years ago?"
A.— "Yes, sir."
Q.— "Th>' contribution that you have
spoken of of $!XX) you state was given
voluntarily by you either to Mr. Wright
or his friends to secure his nomination?"
A.— "Yes. sir."
Q.— "Was there any understanding or
agreement that Mr. Wright should vote
for Mr. Grant or any o«her candidate for
Senator In consideration of having re
ceived—either he or his friends— that
$900?"
A.— "Absolutely not."
Q.— "At the time that Mr. Wright ap
plied to you for a loan of $7^o, was there
any consideration or agreement that
therefor Mr. Wright should vote for U. S.
Grant or anybody else for Senator?"
A<— "No, sir. The subject was never
mentioned."
Q.— "Never mentioned?"
A.— "No, sir."
Q.— "Did Mr. Wright at any time ever
promise or agree with you that he would
vote for U. a. Grant for Senator?"
A.— "He never did. And I never asked
him to."
Q.— "You never asked him to?"
A.— "No."
Q.— "ln the conversation that occurred
between you and W. S. Leake In the Del
Paso saloon in Sacramento city did you
tell Mr. Leake that Mr. Wright had
broken his promise in not voting for U
S. Grant?"
A.— "l did not."
A.— "Did you tell Mr. W. S. Leake at
that time or at any other time that you
had given Mr. Wright money in consider
ation of his promise to vote for U. S.
Grant?"
A.— 'l never told Mr. Leake or anybody
else so. Because it is untrue." * :
Mr. Lardner— " Did Mr. Wright know
whose money this was when you paid it
to him?"
A.— "No, sir; he did not."
Q.— "Did you lead him to Infer that It
was your own money individually?"
A. — "The subject never was discussed
at all."
Q. — "I am referring now to the $900."
A. — "The subject was never discussed."
Q. — "The, $750 I understood was Mr.
Grant's own individual check?"
A.— "Yes, sir."
Mr. Mellick— "Has that $750 been paid
back?"
A.— "No, sir."
Q.— "Whv do you count one a contribu
tion and the other a loan? Why do you
make the distinction?"
A.— "Well, because I was perfectly will
ing to contribute to the election of a
Republican Legislature, and I did so. In
that instance— that $io0 — Mr. Wright came
up and askod me to advance as a loan for
him. and It Is so considered, and he owes
it to-day."
The chairman— "They were different In
character— the two transactions?"
A.— "Yes. sir."
Report still coming from Sacramento
at 2:45 a. m. when paper went to press.
English Officers' Mess.
What is the average cost of messing per
day, or the price of breakfast, luncheon,
dinner, without allowance for wine or
beer? The average cost in any well-order
ed regiment is 4 shillings per day; it has
been known to be done cheaper, and, of
course, in some cavalry regiments and
"crack" corps, the amount Is considerably
higher. However, a shilling a day may
l>e taken as a very fair average, and wo
cannot say that we think the sum to be
at all out of the way.
The house dinner in the cheapest recog
nized London club comes to halt" a
crown, including table money; and there
are few 7>laces. we fancy, where one can
get a RT&cefully served breakfast and
luncheon, with no lack of variety, for
the combined sum of ISd. In fact, it is
only fair to state that the ordinary
charges for daily messing have been
brought within such limits that those of
ficers who may not have much private
means may be enabled to live in a com
fortable and suitable manner.— Chambers"
Journal.
When Jacky Is Angry.
According to advices received at Ports
mouth from Gibraltar a strange state of
affairs exists on her Majesty's steamer
Majestic (Captain Prince .Louis of Batten
berg.), flag ship of the channel fleet, lv
! consequence of the ship's company hav
ing strewn on the decks orange peel, pipa
of pomegranates and other objectionable
; debris, the order was given that no fruit
was to be allowed on board, while the
hours for smoking were also curtailed
Dissatisfaction was felt by the crew
and on the night of the 9th ihst. matters
, came to a crisis. During one of the
; watches all the boats' falls were cn t as
well as the guys of the derrick, and an
; eight-inch hawser with a hawser reel the
I butterfly bolts of the torpedo hatch a d
j some gun gear were thrown overboard
The men responsible for the damage have
not been discovered.
The captain mastered the crew, and ad
dressing them said the mischief done was
not the work of one man, but of several,
who were curs and towards. Government
property would not be allowed to be
ruined In that manner, and the com
mander would bave orders to put sen tries
right round the vessel. If one sentry
wns not sufficient to stop the wanton de
struction, they would have two, and even
three.
All leave has been stopped. Diving
operations have been ordered to recover
the missing gear. Much bad feeling has
been created on the ship, as all the men
arc- made to suffer for tho misdoings of a
few.— London Chronicle.
NEW USE FOR X RaYS.
Chemists Are Using Them in the
Study of Metals and Crystals.
The X rays are fast becoming useful
servants of society. Not content with
making us of them for surgical pur
poses as a means of locating the posi
tion of such foreign substances as a
bullet or a needle in the human body,
scientists have impressed the rays Into
their service for the purpose of ex
amining the internal structure of
metals and alloys.
A thin section of the metal is cut
and a photograph taken by mean? of
the rays; if the metal is homogeneous
it is shown to be so by the photograph
obtained. If, however, an impurity is
present, or the section is that of an
alloy, the photograph is not uniform,
but betrays the presence of minute
crystals formed within the mass of
solid metal.
A specially striking rase is that of an
alloy of metallic sodium with gold. On
throwing such an alloy into alcohol the
sodium is dissolved away, and crystal
line needles, one-eighth of an inch in
length, of pure metallic gold are left.
It would seem that, just as crystals
of common salt separate when a hot
solution of the latter in water is cooled,
gold dissolves in melted sodium and
separates In crystals when the latter
is cooled, and the alloy solidifies.
That the new method of using X rays
is likely to lead to important results in
the study of metals is evident when
we consider the light it is capable of
throwing on the influence of small
quantities of impurities on the com
mercial value of metals.
It is well known that a submarine
cable made from the pure copper of
to-day will carry double as many mes
sages in a given time as a cable manu
factured forty years ago, when special
precautions were not taken to exclude
small amounts of impurity from the
copper. Time is money in telegraphy,
and the additional care taken to re
move the traces of impurity from the
copper is repaid many times over by
the increased capacity of the cable for
transmitting: messages.
The presence in copper as an im
purity of a thousandth part of its
weight of the metal bismuth renders it
absolutely useless for electrical pur
poses. The presence of the same amount
of bismuth in the gold used for coin
age would make the latter crumble to
powder under the pressure of the die
employed for stamping the coin. Ami
the marvelous properties of hard steel
are obtained by simply adding a very
small proportion of carbon to soft, mal
leable Iron.
By means of the X rays thp Internal
chanpre In a metal due to an impurity
can be observed; it is probable that the
results obtained by such investigations
will be of great industrial as well as
scientific importance. — London Daily-
Mall.
Born in a Caravan.
One of the most interesting personalities
that Gloucester. England, annually enter
tains at its October mop fair is undoubt
edly Mrs. Ann Smith of Worcester, who
attained the cxtraordinnry age of 109
years on June 10 last. A press representa
tive found her in her caravan recently,
and was willingly given a lew facts con
cerning her remarkable career. The cen
tenarian was born in a caravan at Char
grove, near Oxford, and has spent mora
than 100 years nf her life in traveling
about the country from fair to fair. For
one so advanced in years her activity is
astounding, and it can be safely said that
she retains complete possession of all her
faculties. Of late she has spent one or
two of the winter months in a home at
Worcester, where she spends church
twice regularly on Sunday, walking a
quarter of a mile each way. She is nim
ble still in getting In and out of her cara
van, and can attend to all her l.iusehold
duties without assistance. The old la<ly
has had sixteen children, of whom seven
are living, one of whom has herself been
the mother of a like number of children.
Enjoying a good appetite, she generally
partakes of four meals a day. and al
though she takes but very little intoxicat
ing drink, she is an inveterate smoker, an
old clay pipe being her especial friend,
wrapped carefully in a handkerchief when
not in use.— Mont real Herald.
English Army Jealousies.
The .Kitchener crisis is about to col
lapse through the departure of Lord Kitch
ener for Cairo. It has. however, been an.
exceptionally severe crisis while it lasted.
Lord Kitchener has for years been work
ing patiently, perseveringly. intelligently
and without courting publicity. His or
ganization completed, he advanced and
captured Khartoum. But Lord Kitchener
encountered the Khalifa, not Napoleon,
and won the battle of Omdurman. not the
battle of Waterloo. The court and the
country have awarded a welcome to him
•which would have sufficed for Welling
ton. It is an open secret that the en
forced retirement of the Duke of Cam
bridge from the post of commander in
chief and the subsequent appointment of
Lord Wolseley to succeed him were not
approved by the court, and it is common
ly known that many officers are not ad
mirers of Lord Wolseley. The demon
stration in favor of Lord Kitchener has,
therefore, been to all intents and pur
poses, a demonstration against Lord
Wolseley, and. it might be added, against
Sir Redvers Buller. The court, the army
and the West End gave the pitch, and,
of course, the populace roared even
louder.— London Truth.
A Man Wuh Two Hearts.
"William King of New Bedford, Mass.,
has aroused the curiosltvi of the Plainfield
medical fraternity as«the most peculiar
example on record of a man with two
hearts. King is visitlncr his cousin,
Thomas Martin, the Jail Warden in this
city, and has been examine, by Dr. Long
of the Muhlenburtr Hospital staff. Dr.
Long says King undoubtedly has two
hearts. Both of them are capable of dis
placement and can be moved at will to
different parts of the abdomen find sep
arated one from the other, so that the
beating In unison can be noted.
King is a colored man and claims to be
100 years old and a veteran of the war of
1812. One of Klnpr's hearts la on the rijrlit
and the other on the left side. By a mus
cular movement he can move one to the
lower part of the abdomen without throw
ing it out of beat with the other.
He. also has two breast bones, which are
movable, although one is held In place by
the ribs. The other can be forced by
muscular contraction to the abdomen and
form a complete wall of bone from the
throat down. Kins: has been examined by
a number of eminent physicians in Europe
and America.— PhilnrlHnhia Times.
Easy.
"How can you tell whether a skull be
longed to a man or a woman?" asked
Mrs. Butterpup of her spouse.
"If it was a woman's the jawbones are
abnormally developed— and now let me
read " answered Mr. Butterpup.— Pick-
Me-Up.
Some people Hatter themselves when
they are unable to get others to do it for
them.
3INCIDENTS OF THE DAY AT SACRAMENTO.
CORKSCREW TRAIL OF
HOWARD E, WRIGHT
The Mythical $60,000 Ranch With Which
He Did Good Business.
One of the Men He Tried to Bunko Tells of
Wright's Dummy Telegram
Operations.
THE Investigation of the business
Career of Howard E. Wright re
veals the fact that he left a cork
screw trail for the delectation of
the public. He was. one of the
greatest and most reckless proraisers in
his efforts to secure the control of the
money of people with whom he came
in contact that has been in evidence
on this coast for many years.
The experience of people who have
had dealings with him shows that he
not only possessed immaculate clothes
but a gift of gab and a conscience the
elasticity of which was something to
marvel at. He was usually about vto
sell a very valuable piece of property,
or close a great financial deal, which
would place him in possession of a big
sum of money, and by such means he
Mas enabled to carry his schemes along
• and avoid the payment of his debts un
til such time as he could go through in
solvency and afford his creditors an op
portunity to whistle for their money to
. the extent of ?56,000.
• V The fact that Mr. Wright could work
his way into the confidence of the pub
lic to the extent of that vast sum and
convince the court at the time of his
application in Insolvency that he was
possessed uf assets in the shape of
wearing apparel of the value of $100
only, shows the fellow to be possessed
of talents, the proprietorship of which
the average citizen would not care to
acknowledge. In short, his manipula
tions for the promotion of the inter
ests of one Wright were such' as to
make his patrons sorry they ever had
dealings with him.
With reference to these Howard E.
Wright methods of doing business
probably the best posted man in San
Francisco, aside from Harvey, is Rus
sel H. Winston, capitalist and general
Investor, with offices in the Chronicle
building. Mr. Winston has been con
versant with Wright's progress since
the pyrotechnic young man entered
Into the partnership of Le Roy G. Har
vey cc Co., becoming the "company";
and while he may have missed some
of the star plays of the ready-promiser
he knows that individual to his sorrow.
This special sorrow is best illustrated
by rive figures.
"Yes, I am sorry to say that I know
I ward E. Wright very well," said Mr.
Winston yesterday afternoon. "My ex
perience with him Tvas due to the fact
that I had been doing business with
Le Roy G. Harvey a long time before
Mr. Wright became a member of the
firm. 1 had had quite large sums of
money in Harvey's hands and 1 always
got my interest until some time after
Wright was projected into the business.
"Knowing Wright as well as I do
I would not trust him in any position.
He pui up a job to bunko me out of
Blocks and securities of large value,
but I was fortunate enough to be able
to see through his scheme and refused
to accept his proposition. Harvey is
a shrewd man. but this fellow was too
.•lever for him. Harvey was doing a
good, safe, growing business and then
his ill luck came in the person of
Wright, who told him of the large lines
of business he could bring into the
firm and thereby make it a great in
stitution. Furthermore that he had
valuable properties in the country
■which at a favorable time he would sell
and pay for his share in the firm of
Le Roy G. Harvey & Co.
• "Harvey was charmed with Wright's
manner and taking him to be what he
represented himself to be, accepted
Wright as a partner. The new partner
was a swell dresser, and in the ver
nacular of the street, a 'con talker'
hard to beat. Whatever other things
he did he 'did' Harvey successfully and
his system was most certainly clever.
The promise talk went on without ces
sation and when the situation looked
all right Mr. Wright began reducing
the funds of the firm by drawing upon
them most industriously. He always
had an urgent reason why he should
have the desired amount without de
lay and he got it.
"Things went on in this way for some
time and finally when the drafts of
Wright upon the resources of the insti
tution had developed the fact that the
•wrong man had been admitted to the
firm, I asked Harvey one day why he,
whom everybody regarded as an able
and careful business man, had per-,
mitted such a gosling to get the best of
him. Harvey's reply was that he had
met with many hard propositions, but
that Wright was the smoothest article
it had ever been his bad luck to come
in close contact with. He was cer
tainly correct in his deductions.
"About that time Harvey was putting
pressure on Wright to induce him
not only to make good his overdrafts,
but to produce the money due from him
to be applied to the capital of the firm.
Wright played the same game on Har
vey that he did on me. It was a good
one and calculated to deceive almost
anybody. It was in the shape of a
dummy dispatch, and my recollection
is that it was dated Nevada City. It
Bet forth an offer- of $60,000 .to Wright
for a piece of valuable ranch. property
.In the section named. Wright in the
promotion of his scheme declared that
it would be a shame to sell the property
for such a price and that he proposed
to hold on and get a better figure.
"This is no fairy tale, for I saw that
kind of a dispatch on Harvey's desk
one day after he had been endeavoring
' to induce Wright to make good his ob
. ligations. At that time the dispatch
was supposed to be authentic, and a
man who was in a position to convert
real estate into $60,000 at any time was
supposed to be safe to wait upon. The
time finally came when we suspected
' Wright of deception, and we instituted
a search for that sixty-thousand-dollar
ranch. You may be surprised to learn
. that we were never able to determine
upon what particular portion of God's
green footstool . that valuable property
' was located. The reason was that that
ranch existed only in the very fertile
brain of Howard E. Wright^. It was a
good scheme and it worked nicely.;
. "When Wright's duplicity, was finally
. discovered, and it became evident. that
lie must get out of the firm with' the
large claims against him still unsatis
; fied, he evolved another idea and put It
; Into execution. This was nothing more.
' or lees than to go around among the
I best patrons of the concern, the men
j and women who had their money on
; deposit with it, and poison their minds
! against Harvey by asserting that he
j was a disreputable man, the keeper of
mistresses; that he was becoming a
! drunkard and on occasions had been
i taken home on a shutter. All of which
! was false and for the purpose of creat
ing an impression that the business of
the concern was being neglected and
that the interests of patrons were not
being protected. Wright did this kind
(if work industriously, and the downfall
of the house is pretty good evidence
that he did his work well. It was due
to the poisonous tongue of Wright that
Harvey was arrested by one of the
patrons of the institution on the charge
of embezzlement.
"Wright finally went out of the busi
ness, giving notes to his partner for
! about $20,000 due. He refused to pay
I those notes on maturity and when the
holder of them brought suit to collect
he deliberately went into Insolvency
; and left Harvey and his numerous
other creditors with absolutely no re
i sources.
"People who do not know him regard
the fellow as a nice, harmless, happy
! go-lucky chap; but it strikes me that
i he is about as clever a schemer as can
!be found in the community. He was
1 clever enough to get into Le Roy G.
1 Harvey & Co. for the sum of about
$20,000. the debt of which he acknowl
edged by giving notes in that amount
and to finally shirk all responsibility by
goins through insolvency before a
judgment could be secured against
i him.' '
MANY UNIMPORTANT
BILLS IN THE SENATE
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 17.— The Senate this morn
ing considered the rules. The proposi
tion that the San Francisco delegation
should be recognized as a special commit
tee was rejected.
Senator Dickinson of Marin County
stated that if the San Francisco delega
tion was to be constituted a special com
mittee to- handle proposed legislation af
fecting that city and county he would
a-sk that Marln County delegation be
made a special committee, with similar
jurisdiction.
The special order was Senator Simp
son's bill transferring $40,000 from the
general fund to the State school book
fund.
Senator Smith of Kern County entered
a vigorous protest against any action on
the bill until it was clearly understood.
He thought there should be an investiga
tion as to what was to be done with the
money after it was transferred for the
benefit of the Senators.
Senator Simpson in making a reference
of the bill to the Finance Committee
stated that he thought that Senator
Smith was displaying considerable spleen
in discussing the measure. He said the
bill was not an appropriation, but was
Bimply a return of money to the school
book fund that had been asked for by the
State Printer. It was an instance where
the State Printer was right and In Sena
tor Simpson's judgment the Senate should
sustain him.
Senator Smith, made vigorous denial of
the charge that his action with regard
to Simpson's bill was influenced by per
sonal considerations. The bill Involved a
large sum of money, and as a business
proposition Senator Smith thought that
the Senate should be fully posted and in
formed as to the exact facts.
The matter was finally disposed of for
the time by Its reference to the Finance
Committee.
Senator Bulla filed a vigorous objection
because the Senators haa not been pro
vided with files and copies of bills intro
duced. Senator Cutter recognized the ob
jection by introducing a resolution provid
ing for the purchase of five dozen Globe
files, and the proposition was approved.
A number of bills wers introduced, but
none of any great importance. Senator
Stratton, by request, presented a bill to
provide for the incorporation of mutual
flre Insurance companies. It is similar to
the etatute In oWher States provraing for
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 18, 1899.
incorporation of companies of that char
acter.
Senator Nutt presented a measure
which amends the Wright act to the ex
tent that it gives Irrigation districts the
right to suspend operations if the voters
of the district so decide.
Senator Maggard wants to cut off a
clerk in the State Controller's office, and
he introduced a bill repealing the statute
which provides* for the clerk.
Senator Langford thinks that the State
Lunacy Commission is an expensive lux
ury, and he presented a bill which will
have the effect of abolishing it. Should
the measure become a law it will leave
the government of the State Insane asy
lums, in the hands of the Hoards of Trus
tees by the Governor to direct
the affairs of the particular asylum to
which they are appointed. Each has a
board of five trustees now. but their du
ties and authority are subject to that
of the State Lunacy Commission at pres-
ent.
Senator Jones, from the prohibition coun
ties of Orange and Riverside, presented a
measure providing for the submission to
a vote of the people of the proposition to
either license or prohibit the sale of in
toxicating liquors In cities of the fifth and
sixui class. By its provisions the bill of
Senator Jones declares that when a pe
tition signed by not !°ss than one-third
of the electors of a city of the fifth or
sixth class Is presented to the Board of
Trustees of such cities thirty days prior
to a general mtfnicipal election, praying
for the submission of the license or anti
license proposition, it shall be submitted
to a vote of the people at the forthcoming
city election. Of course, by the term anti
license is meant prohibition.
ROUTINE BUSINESS IN
ASSEMBLY DEMORALIZED
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 17.— The charges The Call
has made against Speaker Wright, and
the committee that has been appointed to
investigate them, make the sole topic of
conversation on the floor of the Assem
bly.
Routine business is demoralized. Assem
blyman Dibble said to-day that regular
business is three weeks behindhand, and
that matters will be in a worse state be
fore this Investigation is over.
The Senatorial deadlock Is another agent
of delay. Committee work is interfered
with by quiet little caucuses, and the files
are not as well stuffed with bills as they
should be because of (ncictental politics.
The San Francisco charter was the spe
cial order following the reading of the
journal this morning, but typographical
'errors were discovered in the printed
( opy and it was sent bark to the State
l'linting Office for correction. It will be
again taken up to-morrow morning.
The Judiciary Committee rendered its
first report, and recommended the passage
of A B 21. which transfers $40,000 from the
general fund to the State school book
fund. The passage was also recommended
of bill 117, amending the law regulating
the borrowing of money and the issuance
of bonds by railroad corporations. As
the law stands now $500 Is the minimum
amount In which a bond may be issued.
Under the proposed amendment the limit
Is done away with, and bonds may be is
sued In any denomination.
I .ill 22. by Rickard of San Francisco,
was reported back with a recommendation
that it be withdrawn. It was so ordered.
The bill provides for a tax on inherl-
tances.
The Ways and Means Cbmmlttea rec
ommended the passage of Valentine's bill
appropriating $150,000 for California's ex
hibit at the Paris Exposition in 1900.
Senate bill 190, which Is intended to
amend the Belshaw attache law out of
existence, was taken up and referred to
the Comlmttee on Attaches. It will be the
special order to-morrow morning, follow
ing the San Francisco charter.
Only eleven bills were Introduced dur
ing the day, and adjournment was taken
to the usual hour to-morrow morning.
THE STATE SUPPORTS
TOO MANY INDIGENTS
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 17.— 1t has been
discovered that several millions of dol
lars have been drawn from the State
treasury through the cleverness of claim
agents since 1883. The Legislature of that
year passed a law the object of which
was to provide for the support of aged
s^nd indigent persons, allowing each $100
per year.
The measure, meeting with abuses, It
was repealed in February, 1895, but that
fact has not prevented thrifty claim
agents from operating under cover of the
old law and official- reports on file in the
office of the State Controller show that
since June 30, 1884, the enormous sum of
$2,991,827 29 has brpn drawn from the State
treasury, high-water mark being reached
in the veafr ending June 30, 1895, when
$543,921 05 was paid out. The claims have
come ostensibly from the chairmen of the
Boards of Supervisors of the several
counties, but as a matter of fact they
have of late years been gathered and filed
almost exclusively by W. H. Pyburn,
County Clerk of Monterey County, and
J. E. Douglas, an accountant of San Ber
nardino.
As the law was repealed in 1895. all the
claims now being presented are for sup
port given prior to that time, majiy run
ning back as far as the year when the
law was passed— lßß3.
The extent of the sums Involved may be
understood when it is stated that the
Board of Examiners took a $12,000 slice
off a rather immodest claim from Santa
Cruz County, claiming that it was to that
extent illegal inasmuch as there were no
vouchers. The county never made any
complaint, however, and produced no
vouchers. Fresno -had 15000 lopped off for
similar reasons, and Alameda County
sunn; years ago, It is said, had to put
up with a $30,000 cut down on its little
bill.
The various counties have been scoured
for cases of aged people, and claims made
that they were supported by some indi
vidual or other, from ISS3 to 1895, at the
expense of the county.
The claim agents who have been hunt
ing up these touching instances of pov
erty have been drawing down from 25 to
50 per cent of the sums which they were
enabled to secure for the counties upon
filing the claims with the Board of Ex
aminers.
It is impossible to decide whether or
not many of the claims which are con
stantly being filed are meritorious, since
in many cases the aged people named
therein are where the weary are presum
ably at rest.
COUNTING THE VOTES
IN JONES' CONTEST
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 17.— Registrar Blggy came
up from San Francisco yesterday, and
bi ought with him all the ballots cast in
the Thirty-ninth Assembly District at the
last election.
It is upon these ballots that Leon Jones
is basing his hope of winning the contest
he has begun for tho seat of Assembly
man Justus Wardell. As far as the re
count has progressed to-day not much has
transpired that promises him success.
Ten precincts were counted to-day by
the Assembly Committee on Contested
Elections, and Jones has gained but three
votes, all of which were awarded him by
the committee because they were Improp
erly thrown out by the election officers.
Jones' gain of three, however, does not
reduce Warden's majority of ten, and he
nwst gain eleven more votes in the eleven
precincts that remain to be counted in
order to win. It is expected by the com
mittee that the recount will be rlnlshed
by to-nioucw afternrcn.
The <-ase oi 3rophy vs. O'Brien of the
Thirty-tirsl. Assembly District of t J nn
Francisco is next on the committee's cal
endar.
GROVE JOHNSON WANTS
TO HELP JAG HOUSES
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 17.— Grove L. Johnson of
Sacramento Introduced In the Assembly
this morning a bill that has for its ob
ject the protection by the State of the
infamous so-called Homes for the Inebri
ates,
Mr. Johnson proposes to place at the
disposal of the managers of these Insti
tution* the police officers of municipali
ties and all county peace officers, whose
duties it shall be to rake in every bibu
lous citizen with a bright red jag and
drag him to the "home," which Is to have
a lien upon his estate for the cost of his
maintenance and all cost 3of arrest.
In order to create business for the-own
ers of homes to draw upon Mr. Johnson
creates a class to be known as "Inebri
ates." Any mart who shall be an habit
ual drunkard or who drinks to the extent
that his business interests suffer or his
life be shortened is made an inebriate and
may he arrested on sight. State licenses
shall be issued to any of these institutions
upon application and agreement to abide
by the rules laid down by the State for
the conduct of asylums for the Insane,
but these rules may be amended from
time to time to suit the needs of these
institutions.
There is a good-sized nigger in Mr.
Johnson's little bill and it is not likely
that it will pass as formulated.
THE FIGHT ON SAN
FRANCISCO'S CHARTER
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 17.— The fight that is to De
made against San Francisco's charter did
not open to-day in the Assembly, as was
expected. Yesterday the consideration of
the charter was made the special order
for to-day after reading of the Journal.
No opposition to it was expected, and tne
news that Grove L. Johnson of Sacra
mento was to voice the objections of the
railroad to it on the floor of the Assem
bly came as a surprise. The fact that
Johnson was to interfere in the matter,
in which he has no direct interest, was
already known to Hon. Charles L. Pat
ton and Hon. Henry L. Clement, and they
hurried to this city this evening, prenared
to meet Johnson to-morrow morning.
Johnson will base his fight on purely
technical grounds. He and Assemblyman
Dibble are about the only members on
the floor who are foolhardy enough to
risk political effacement In openly op
posing it.
Its consideration will require the great
est portion of to-morrow's session. It must
be read at length by the clerk, and as
there are 73,000 words of printed matter
in it, progress will necessarily be slow
The Emperor of Austria.
He has no heir of his loins, for his only
eon, a man of striking promise, died In
18S9, as is. believed, by his own hand. He
has no wife, for his Empress, in early life
one of the most beautiful women, after
wandering for years over Europe in a
restless effort to shake off the melancholy
produced by her son"s death, was mur
dered on September 10 by an assassin of
Anarchist opinions. The Emperor, there
fore, broods in melancholy retirement,
listening always, one can imagine, to tho
sounds of another great storm now roll
ing up against the fortunes of his race.
The ultimate danger of the house of
Hapsburg, and perhaps the ultimate
secret of its strength, the hatred of race
which its subjects bear to one another,
has broken out afresh, and we have yet
to see whether the Emperor can again
quiet the rapidly rising waves. If his life
Is to be thoroughly consistent, he should
on some great day be once more beaten
to the ground, possibly by a revolt of his
German subjects, should then achieve
some Impossible success, possibly the
throne of Constantinople, and thencefor
ward should glide on to the grave, a
mighty monarch of whom history will say
that his failures and his successes remain
equally inexplicable. To him, alone among
all the sovereigns we can recall, the
strange destiny has been given that he
should never succeed, yet never suffer
from failure, that ashes should always be
presented to his lips, and that they should
nourish him better than bread.— The
Spectator.
David M. Wilson, who died in Philadel
phia recently, followed the" curious fad of
shaking hands with every Mayor of the
city on the day of his inauguration, a
practice which he indulged in for almost
seventy years without a break.
WRIGHT WAS UNDONE
BY DOUBLE DEALING
The Story of His Baseness Told in All
Its Details.
No Chance of His Emerging From the Ordeal
With a Shred of Character Left After
the Committee Closes Its Work.
BY HENRY JAMES.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 17. — People who can learn
of the Senatorial contest by reading the
papers are fortunate, for the apart
ment in which the contest is supposed
to progress is not a pleasant spot when
crowded. The ventilation is bad, the
chairs inadequate, and the pleasure of
listening to a lot of members calling
off the same names they have been call
ing for days, and which they avow they
will call to the end of time, is not of a
character to thrill the soul.
There were no changes to record.
There is a break predicted for to-mor
row, but there has been a break pre
dicted for every to-morrow and faith
grows weak.
At this writing, to guess is futile, for
there is to be an investigation this
evening, and what may be the effect of
it is impossible to surmise. The in
vestigation was almost started this
afternoon, but did nothing more than
lay a foundation. The members want
ed it to be conducted on certain lines.
Attorneys were present with sugges
tions, and, while these were being con
sidered, the room became crowded and
adjournment was taken to the Senate
chamber, where the committee received
Mr. Wright, heard from him that he
was not ready to take the stand, and
then everything went over until even
ing.
The committee met first in room 73.
It is a little room, a table occupying
most of it and a majority of the spec
tators had to stand. The only candi
date for the Senatorship present was
U. S. Grant. He was accompanied by-
Milton Green and represented by At
toriey Bacon. Cosper was chairman
and Meade came in just long enough to
say that he would not serve, could not
be made to serve, and he didn't serve.
There were a good many words ex
changed before a plan of ■ procedure
had been agreed upon.
I could note many signs of enthusi
asm on the part of the committee. That
it is made up of Intelligent men there
j is no reason to question, but It faced
i difficult and delicate problems. It had
; been charged with the mission of as
certaining if the accusation made in
\ The Call against Speaker Wright was
' based on fact and had been empowered
| to ascertain the whole truth concern
|ing legislative corruption. There was
I every probability that the reputation
j of associates would be struck, down;
that a scandal already admitted to ex
ist would be dragged into fiercer light,
and however essential this task might
be it could not be regarded as a pleas
ing duty. .1 felt like congratulating
Meade that his other work was pressing
enough to justify him in declining to
serve.
As this Is written the evening session
of the committee takes place In the
Capitol. I was there for a time. There
is no occasion that I can see for criti
cising the couree of the committee thus
far. It has indicated that it intends
to pursue its own course and not per
mit lawyers to direct. The members
individually have expressed the inten
tion of being thorough, and they could
hardly fail to be so, since the witnesses
are known and are ready. While the
Wright matter is the only one under
consideration now there is no limita
tion placed upon the authority of the
committee, and it may have to deal
with more than this one episode.
Speaker Wright was to have been the
first witness, but was excused in the
evening as he had been in the after
noon on the plea that his attorneys
were not ready. The observer, devoid
of prejudice, could not but feel sorry
for this man. There awaits him an
ordeal from which there appears no
chance of his emerging with a shred of
character left. The allegations are so
specific and so circumstantially sus
tained, that they seem to constitute an
unassailable indictment. Wright when
addressing the committee spoke in a
voice indicative of suppressed excite
ment, and no wonder. The strain un
der which he has been laboring for days
must have been terrific.
W. S. Leake was the first witness. He
calmly told the story of Wright's hav
ing received money from Grant, and
cited as his authorities Wright him
self and Milton Green. The story was
as it had appeared in The Call, except
that Mr. Leake, in his narration, went
farther back, and step by step por
trayed the events leading up to the de
nouement which had startled the peo
ple of California. He was permitted to
go on without much questioning for
awhile, but at last was forced to answer
as to the identity of others than Wright
whom he believed to be implicated or
who had been mentioned by Wright as
being implicated. Against some of
these, as he explained to the committee.
; he had no evidence, and had no reason
! to doubt their integrity and regretted
| that their names should have been de
manded. On this point, however, the
committee was inexorable. Mr. Leake
j asked time to consult his attorney,
who advised that there was no escape,
\ as refusal would be contempt and pun
ishable as in any court.
The crowd In attendance paid the
j keenest attention. Indeed, this was ob
j ligatory, as both the witness and mem
| bers of the committee spoke in low
I tones. But the Interest throughout was
: intense, and there were murmurs which
I expressed surprise when the testimony
; set forth the methods of the Speaker ol
I the Assembly.
When the scathing language he had
used in speaking of Burns was quoted,
the people fairly gasped, for his act ol
going into the Burns camp had been
the actual means of bringing about a
I revelation as to his deal with the Grant
forces. He had reviled Burns, had made
I affiliations with a rival, had premised
j not to vote for Burns and had told
! freely of the promise, yet had gone
: over to Burns, tremulous, shamefaced,
| but still he had gone. The indignation
I excited by this double-dealing had been
his undoing.
The second witness was Milton Green.
At this moment he is still on the stand.
As to the fact that Wright had received
$1650, he corroborated the previous wit
ness fully, and this, as I understand it,
is the meat of the contention. Mr.
Green followed the custom of speaking
in a low voice, and those who wished
to hear pressed close into the corner
where the committee sat. He said that
$900 of this sum had been for election
expenses, and the rest a flat loan. W T hat
followed will be found in the news col
umns. The facts are simple, and the
right to draw conclusions rests with
any person.
What is to be the immediate effect of
the investigation is a surmise.- I am
not informed as to whether a man
guilty of the practices charged against
Wright will have the privilege of con
tinuing in office, presiding over a body
of men who have much to do with di
recting the destiny of the State, and
most of whom are honest and honorable
men. But that there will be a change
visible in the vote to-morrow seems
likely. It is riot a reasonable propo
sition that all this stir will merely die
'fcway as a ripple on the surface, for the
Assenrbly Mas been moved to its
depths.
Burns men are rejoicing, but without
grounds for it. They have acquired a
new zest for the pipe dream in which
they have been indulging. The show
ing that Grant's manager paid money,
and as he declares, without the knowl
edge of Grant, will naturally affect the
prospects of the San Diegan, but it will
not enhance those of the Mexican. As
between the two men, with every
secret of the campaign laid bare, I
would not hesitate to choose Grant.
Such congratulations as may be In
dulged in may be divided among the
men whose names have not been used
as a shield for Burns' vote, who have
not, perhaps, made a great showing
of strength, and who have been waiting
all these days for something to happen.
I think it is about to happen.
Motives and Marriages.
The motives for which women marry
are as numerous as the sands of the sea,
or — as the women. Our easy assumption
is that each one of every engaged couple
is "in love" with the "other one." That
is, the parties are drawn together by
some mysterious psychic attraction, more
or less strong. In truth, this inner per
sonal attraction is not always present,
either in both parties to an engagement
or even with one of the pair. Accident,
propinquity, trifling circumstances, social
or family pressure, some slight airy noth
ing decides the question between mar
riage or no marriage for the woman so
slight, that it is as If women were always
waiting on the brink of this new experi
ence, and a very light touch caused them
to fall into, or wander into, or drift Into
it, according to their several tempera
ments.— Harper'sßazar.
************ IlfL k
i hudyan; Wnaf
.pSjAils'You?
i;*.«*«****i Hllo lull'
\ ************ WJ. .
J Consult Hod- * If lid I
* son Doctors 5 ... ..
i Free. $ fli 0 Ynil'
************ nllO lull i
ARE YOU TROUBLED WITH PAINS IK
the email of the back? Are you troubled
! with pains on each side of. backbone to lower
I points of shoulder blade? Are you troubled with
palne In head? Left side or right aide? Do
you have shooting pains?
. Have you dizziness In the head? Dark fleck*
appearing before ' your gaze? Palpitation of
! heart? If you stoop over why.t do you notice?
; Have you a curious" weak feeling? Hare you
; gases on the stomach? r>oea the head swlmf
Can you rest well at night? Do you wish to
be cuv«d? ■; -: v
DO YOU WISH TO BE CURED ?
30 YOU WISH TO BE CURED ?
DO YOU WISH TO BE CURED?
DO YOU WISH TO BE CURED?
I Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
; If you wish to be cured you should learn
about the great Hudyan. Hudyan Is a remedy
V. JPif 1 for . men - Hudyan cures diseases and
disabilities of men. Hudyan cures Nervous
JJeakneaa, Nervous Debility. Nervous Exhaus-
tion.
Circulars Free!
No one has Hudy*n but the Hudson doctor*.
BLOOD POISON.
BLOOD POISON.
if In the first, secondary or tertiary ***
fou should uee the 30-DAY CURK.
writ© for »0-day Cure Circulars or
I CONSULT THE HUDSON DOCTORS FREE,
Hudson Medical Institute,
Junction Stockton. Market ana Ellis st&HER NIGHTROBE
MERELY A CLOAK
Pretty Mrs. Young Was
Fully Dressed.
EXPECTED A CONFLAGRATION
SENSATION IN THE TIBURON
ARSON CASE.
Evidence That th« Wife of the Ac
cused Man Was Prepared to
Flee From the
Flames.
Pr>f"-!n! Dispatch to Tha Call.
SAX RAFAEL, Jan. 17.— 1f the most
important link in the chain of evidence
connecting Henry Young with at
tempted arson at Tiburon had been
known m the infuriated townsmen the
night he was arrested by Deputy Con
stable Fletcher and placed under the
guard of the two armed men he prob
ably would not have lived to be the
central figure in the sensational trial
to begin next Monday. District At
torney Mclsaac and Constable Hughes,
■who have been hard at work collect
ing evidence against the accused man,
were rewarded to-day by the discov
ery of facts which those authorities be
lieve will not only send Young himself
to the penitentiary, but which place his
pretty little wife in the unenviable light
of an accomplice in the crime.
Half an hour after the fire had been
started in the "Daily Supply." or Young
& Mitchell's store, and while an angry
mob was clamoring for the life of the
Euspected man, Mrs. Young slipped
quietly away with suicidal intent and
jumped into the waters of the bay. She
was rescued, t.-iken to the Sonoma
House and placed in the care of Mrs.
Cookson, Mrs. Hansen, Mrs. Lind and j
Miss Kate O'Connell. These women
now come forward with statements
that warrant the authorities in believ
ing the conviction of Young certain.
At the tim^ she attempted suicide by ;
drowning Mrs. Young wore a night- •
dress, the same garment in which she
was attired on leaving the burning
building. When the women who were
delegated to take care of Mrs. Young
started to remove her wet clothing they
were astonished to discover that she
was completely dressed and that the
nightgown had been donned over her
regular garments. This is taken as
proof that she was awaiting the alarm
of fire and had not been in bed at all,
late as was the hour.
Another important witness who vol
unteers testimony is the cook of Mrs.
Lind. who lived next door to the
Youngs. She says that late in the
evening, after the clerk, Edward But
l-r, had departed, both Young and his
wife appeared in the back yard and cut
a large quantity of kindling wood,
something neither had been seen to do
at any time previously. All six rooms
in which the fires were started wera
filled with kindling wood saturated with
kerosene oil.
District Attorney Mclsaac admits
that he is in possession of several othei
?trong circumstantial links, hut for ob
vious reasons refuses to divulge their
nature. Young is a wealthy man and
has engaged Attorney J. TV. Coehrane
for his defense, with the assertion that
BURNS TO GRANT: " THIS IS NOT YOURS, BUT MINEHKY LATEST MINE."
he will spend every cent he possesses
before he will go to jail.
The citizens of Tiburon held a mass
meeting, presided over by John Bonner,
a railroad yard foremnn, on Saturday
evening to consider the proposition to
establish a fire department and pur»
chase the necessary apparatus. A large
quantity of pipe was purchased in San
Francisco yesterday. Should any fire
ever gain the least headway at
the present time the defenseless town
would be doomed.
"MEXICAN MORPHY"
HELD FOR TRIAL
Alleged Forger Denies That He De
frauded the Bank in Which He
Was Employed.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 17.— Santiago
Morphy, charged with being a fugitive
from justice from the City of Mexico,
where he is wanted, it is said, for hav
ing procured from the National Bank
$70,000 by means of forged checks, was
given a preliminary hearing this even
ing before Judge A. G. Brlce. He was
represented by Judge Henriques. Bail
was fixed at $20,000, in default of which
Morphy was remanded to jail.
Morphy made no attempt to conceal
his identity, talking to reporters freely.
He seemed astonished that he was
wanted for participation in the rob
bery of the National Bank, in which
he held a clerical position up to the
time of leaving the country, ten months
ago. He said he had made no secret
of his whereabouts at any time and
had been in constant communication
with friends and relatives, and never
until his arrest last night had he had
I even a suspicion he was believed to
: have had anything to do with the crime
charged. He says he assumed the
name of George Murphy on the race
tracks as it would have ruined him in
Mexico were it known he was following
the turf. He says the story that he
lost any part of the stolen money in the
Baldwin Hotel fire in San Francisco is
untrue.
FATALLY INFECTED
BY DISEASE BACILLI
Dr. Guiseppe Bosso Falls a Sacrifice
to His Dangerous Scientific
Research.
NEW YORK. Jan. 17.— The Journal has
this from Rome: Pr. Giuseppe Bosso of
Turin University died to-day from an in
fection contracted while cultivating the
j bacilli of various diseases in his labora
tory.
S'"-«eni •rccautions have been taken
by the municipal and university authori
ties to prevent further infeytion from the
bacilli that may have escaped. There is
; great fear of another outbreak like that
recently experienced in Vienna, when sev
eral persons died from bubonic plague
caused by careless cultivation of the
deadly bacilli.
So far. no other cases have been report
ed, but the physicians and nurses who at
tended Dr. Bosso have been isolated.
SAN JOSE'S POULTRY SHOW.
SAX JOSE. Jan. 17.— A1l is in readiness
for the opening of the annual poultry
show of the Santa Clara Valley Poultry
and Kennel Club at Turn Verein Hall to
morrow morning. Over 1200 birds are in
the coops, and the judging was completed
this afternoon. Fanciers say the show is=
j the best ever held in the West. Almost
I all sections of the Pacific Coast are rep
resented by magnificent specimens of the
various birds. Fowls of all colors, shapes
and sizes, from the little bantams to the
heavy cochins, are in evidence, and the
cackling of hens and crowing of cocks
i can be heard nearly a block away.
The show will continue four days, begin
ning to-morrow. The judging was done
'by Henry Berrar. and exhibitors are
pleased with results. The awarding of
, ribbons before the opening is an improve
j ment on the old plan, and patrons the
! first day can exainine the best exhibits.
' A large number of fanciers from all over
i the State are in attendance.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 18, 1899.
AGAIN BEHIND
PRISON BARS
Bakersfield Escape Is
Recaptured.
UNARMED WHEN TAKEN
PROMPT ACTION OF A DEPUTY
SHERIFF.
Gave Chase, Took a Fresh Horse
and Inside of Three
Hours Had His
Man.
Special Dis>r>atch to The Call.
BAKERSFIELD, Jan. 17.— Murderer
Gleason, who walked out of jail on
Sunday, Vs again behind the bars. He
was captured at 6 o'clock this evening
six miles from here, at Bealville, a sta
tion on the Southern Pacific this side
of Tehachapi. Deputy Sheriff T.
W. Glover was the officer who made
the capture. In less than three hours
he had the prisoner in jail.
Glover "got wind" that his man was
in the neighborhood of Bealville. He
got a fresh horse and reached the point
in less than three hours. Much of the
way he had no road and had to go
through many fences. A few minutes
aftnr arriving at Bealville he had
Gleason captured and handcuffed, and
shortly afterward the northbound pas
senger was boarded and they were
soon at the jail.
Gleason was unarmed when captured.
Several persons met Gleason during
the day, and, strange to say, he told
them who he was and how "slick" he
had walked out of jail and the crime
he was in for. He spent Sunday night
in the town and then walked away up
the railroad. When captured he had
come in from the hills to get something
to eat.
AGED WOMAN DIES
IN A SLEEPING CAR
Passing of Mrs. R. Richie While En
Route From Oakland to
the En s...
RENO. Nev., Jan. 17.— Just as the sec
ond section of the morning eastbound
ttain pu'ed into this State an elderly
lady, nrmed Mrs. R. Richie. o n route
form Of k. and, Cal.. to Rock Island, ill.,
died in her berth. She was accompanied
by her granddaughter, a little 10-year old
girl. Ec« was sick all night, ami the
porter and little girl nursed her a» b>.st
they could. Her remains were taken off
here and given in charge of the Coroner.
Tb#> little girl, whose name is Helen
Richie, was also detained here to testify
as to the circumstances attending the
grandmother's death.
Mrs. Richie lived at Rock Island, 111.,
and came to the coast four months ago
for the benefit of her health. She has
been living; at IS<V. Ellis street, San Fran
cisco. Her little granddaughter, Helen
Richie, who is a womanly lii.tle piece of
humanity, accompanied the remains to
Rock Island on this evening's tram.
Mrs. Richie died of enlargement of the
heart
Kindergartens to Reopen.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 17.— The city Board
of Education this evening decided to
open four of the kindergartens, which
were all closed on December 16 for lack
of funds. School will open on February
1 in the McGrew, Peabody, Cooper and
Quincy Shaw buildings. There will be
two teachers and a janitor in each. The
pay of principals was reduced from $75
to $65 and of teachers from $55 to $45.'
Janitors will get $20 instead of $25.
MYSTERIOUS DEATH
IN A SEATTLE HOTEL
SEATTLE, Jan. 17.— Mrs. Hattie Curry,
wife of J. M. Curry of San Fran
cisco, died from an overdose of
morphine at the Hotel Stevens at 3
o'clock yesterday morning. She arrived
here on January 4 from California.
Dr. Sparling, the County Coroner, be
lieves now that she committed suicide.
Yesterday morning he was of the opinion
that death was accidental. All those per
sons who knew Mrs. Curry and her habits
are firmly of the opinion that her death
was the result of a large dose of morphine
taken to make her sleep. But Coroner
Sparling is so strongly of the opinion at
this time that Mrs. Curry swallowed the
morphine with suicidal intent that he
does not consider it necessary to hold an
inquest.
Mrs. Curry has been separated from
her husband for some time. He owned
a stone quarry at Yaquina Bay, Oregon,
and for many years made considerable
money, hut since then he lost everything,
for he telegraphed to the Coroner to-day
that he could not bury the remains.
Mrs*. Curry had a few days ago received
a letter from her husband, in which he
told her of his financial troubles and said
he could not take her back until she had
corrected some of her bad habits.
BONDING TIMBER CLAIMS.
Ninety Thousand Acres of Pine
Lands Secured by a Syndicate.
REDDING, Jan. 17.— A. D. Bartle, who
is engaged in bonding timber claims in
the McCloud River region for an Eastern
syndicate, left this city Sunday evening
for San Francisco to confer with finan
cial agents of the concern. It is stated
on the best of authority that Mr. Bartle
has successfully bonded 90,000 acres of
pine lands, extending into the White
Horse section of Modoc County. The com
pany which he represents has secured
the contract of the branch railroad put
ting out from the main line of the South
ern Pacific Company at Castle Crag sta
tion. The road was never completed by
the Red Cross Lumber Company, which
undertook the project. In the spring it
will be thrown forward into the heart of
the great timber reserve acquired by the
Eastern company and an extensive lum
bering enterprise will be carried on.
Timber claims have been bonded for
sums varying from $1280 per quarter sec
tion downward, it being stipulated in the
bonds that payments would be made by
the middle of February. This practically
untouched forest is said to be the finest
left in California.
TO PAY A CHURCH DEBT.
Generous Proposal Made by the Late
Judge Belcher's Widow.
MARYSVILLE, Jan. 17. — During his
lifetime the late Judge I. S. Belcher
evinced a deep interest In the welfare of
the First Presbyterian Church of Marys
ville and often expressed a desire to aid
in removing the debt on the church build
ing. Following his directions, made a
short time previous to his death, his wid
<>w has made an offer to the congrega
tion, which no doubt will be the means
of spurring on every member of the
cfiureh to bring about a release of TEe
property from the burdensome debt, at
present amounting to $3000.
For every $2 that the congregation will
raise Mrs. Belcher proposes to donate $1.
In other words, whenever the congrega
tion shall have raised $2000 toward paying
the debt she will contribute $1000.
Sale of Copper Mines.
REDDING, Jan. 17.— Articles of agree
ment have been filed with the County Re
corrier whereby the ownershtp of two
groups of copper mines on Backbone
Creek will pass into the hands of a Now
Tork syndicate upon the payment of $130,
--000 for one group and $30,000 for the other.
The deeds have been placed in escrow in
the Bank of Northern California. The
owners of the most extensive group are
B. Golinsky, Fritz Weischmann and Mat
thew Clendenin. The owners of the mines
sold for $30,000 are Eugenia J. Goss of San
Francisco, C. G. Ferguson and James
Fraser of this county. The Intermediary
is J. Park Charming of New York. A
force of men will be put at work at once
on both properties. It is believed that
this is the forerunner of another great
smelting plant for Shasta County.
DEATH IN A BURNING HOUSE.
Fat« of a Couple Who Gained Notori
ety in San Francisco.
CLEVELAND, Ohio. Jan. 17.— While
trying to escape from a burning house
Mrs. F. W. Tisdell was killed and her
husband fatally injured. The couple
gained notoriety in San Francisco during
the Midwinter Fair by abandoning their
baby in the nurses' room.
New Orleans Races.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 17.— Weather fine;
track muddy. Results:
First race, six and one-half furlongs — Belle
of Memphis won. Banish second, Mizpah
third. Time, 1:23%.
Second race, seven furlongs, handicap — Hardy
Pardee won. Sir Blaze second, Beckon third.
Time. 1:31 V
Third race, nix furlongs, selling — Dorah
Wood won, Watercrest second. Miss Lizzie
third. Time, 1:16%.
Fourth race, handicap, one and one-sixteenth
miles— Moroni won, Molo second, Mr. Johnson
third. Time, 1:52^.
Fifth race, selling, one mile and twenty
yards— Flop won, Lafayette second, Kitty Re
gent third. Time, 1:4.x
Sixth race, one mile, selling— Sea Robber
won, Wilson second, Ennomla third. Time,
1:45%.
Held Up a Policeman.
CHICAGO, Jan. 17.— Three highwaymen
chose a policeman In full uniform for a
victim to-day, and held him up at the
point of revolvers. They robbed him of
his own weapon, after making a vain
search for money and then ordered him to
hurry on and notify his police station.
FOB THE COLONIAL FAIR.
Congress Willl Be Asked to Appro-
priate Fifty Thousand.
A meeting of the board of directors' of
the Mechanics' Institute was held last
evening. During the meeting the prin
cipal business transacted was the adop
tion of a memorial, to be presented to
Congress, urging that a subsidy of $50,000
be granted for the furtherance of the
proposed Colonial Fair to be held« in this
city. It is the purpose of the institute
to illustrate at the fair the resources of
our newly acquired territory and other
Oriental "and Central American countries
with which we have business relations,
and it is proposed to lay the foundation
of a commercial museum in San Francis
co by turning over the exhibits after the
fair to the State Board of Trade or other
responsible body. Other commercial and
trade organizations have been invited to
sign the memorial and many of them have
already promised their support.
E. A. Denicke, J. P. Fraser and Rodney
Kendrick were appointed by the chair to
serve as the representation from the Me
chanics' Institute on the general commit
tee of the proposed Pacific Ocean Expo
sition, to be held in San Francisco in 1901.
Horace Wilson, George H. Wallis and P.
J. Healy were named as a committee to
meet the California Miners' Association
on the subject of the conservation of
water.
A resolution will be presented to the
members of Congress and the President
from the Mechanics" Institute urging that
a cable be constructed between this coast
and the Pacific possessions and that said
cable be of American manufacture.
TRIES TO IMPEACH ASHE.
One of Dennery's Henchmen Testifies
to Intimidation on the Part
of the Opposition.
The Dennery-Ashe Senatorial contest
was on the boards in Justice Groezin
ger's courtroom for a short time yester
day morning.
Mike Dunn was placed nn the stand to
Impeach Gaston Ashe. He testified that
any intimidation in the Forty-second Dis
trict was done by Gaston Ashe and At
torney McPike. and not by the plug-uglies
and shoulder-strikers who had been mak
ing Dennery's fight throughout election
day.
When Mr. ABhe was on the stand he tes
tified that it was as much as a man's life
was worth to remain in a booth where
Dennery's followers were massed, as they
would not hesitate to resort to force.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THOUSANDS HAVE KIDNEY
TROUBLE AND DON'T KNOW IT
1?\ Iff Si itSlllr^
■ , • n ,' Mil L'-iiil'i' 1 1 raintraSt- ?t? y^~
ft ' ' ■ ' ■' "-" *T*^^ ■■-■{ m^tf^M
Swamp' Root, the Great Kidney Restorative and Healer.
ITS MARVELOUS SUCCESS IN ALL KIDNEY, BLADDER
AND URIC ACID TROUBLES.
To Prove the Wonderful Merits of This Great Discovery, Every
"Call" Reader May Have a Sample Bottle Sent
Absolutely Free by Mail.
What your kidneys need is a gentle, sedative, healing tonic
influence that will soothe their irritability and gently 'regulate
them. •
The only thing that will do this is Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root,
the ideal Kidney Restorative.
It used to be considered that only urinary troubles were to
be traced to the kidneys, but now modern science proves that
nearly all constitutional diseases have their beginning in the
disorder of these useful organs.
What more natural?
The Kidneys filter the blood.
"When they don't, your whole body
must suffer.
Thls, then, is the cause of all the dis-
eases which arise from poisonous blood
—from blood which fails to nourish.
Sick kidneys.
To cure yourself, cure your kidneys
with Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the
great kidney restorative, which may be
purchased of any druggist in fifty-cent
or one-dollar bottles. You may have a
sample bottle free.
Dr. Kilmer & Co., of Binghampton,
N. V., will send you free by mail, pre-
paid, a sample of this famous Kidney
remedy, by which you may test its vir-
tues for such disorders as kidney, blad-
der and uric acid diseases, and urinary
troubles, obliged to pass water fre-
In the Divorce Courts.
Annie Murphy has been granted a di
vorce from Nicholas Murphy on the
ground of failure to provide. Debora
Meegan was granted a divorce yesterday
from Henry Meegan on the ground of
willful neglect. Suits for divorce have
been filed by M. McSherry against Lil
lian McSherry for desertion, and Kather
ine Cox against Oliver F. Cox for cruelty.
Tenacity of Life in the Jew.
At this point a surprising fact confronts
us. Despite the appearances of physical
degeneracy which we have noted, the
Jew betrays an absolutely unprecedented
tenacity of life. It far exceeds, especially
in the United States, that of any other
known people. This we may Illustrate
by the following example: Suppose two
sroups of one hundred infants each, one
ewish, one of average American parent
age (Massachusetts), to be born on the
came day. In spite of the disparity of
social conditions in favor of the latter,
the chances, determined by statistical
means, are that one-half of the Ameri
cans will die within forty-seven years,
while the first half of the Jews will not
succumb to disease or accident before the
expiration of seventy-one years. The
death rate Is really but little over half
that of the average American population.
This holds good in infancy as in middle
age. Lombroso has put it in another
way. Of 1000 Jews bom. 217 die before
the age of 7 years, while 453 Christians
more than twice as many— are likely to
die within the same period. This remark
able tenacity of life is well Illustrated by
a most suggestive article by Hoffman.—
Professor w. Z. Ripley In Appleton's
Popular Science Monthly.
Omdurman and Pumping Lead.
The fire of our soldiers In the recent
frontier war in India has been very good,
and all the officers who had been at Ora
durman agreed that our long-range rifle
fire there has been exceptionally accurate.
"If I were to describe the effect," said
Lord Wolseley, "of the volley firing, I
would say that from the moment the
enemy's line, an immense line virtually
and literally pumped lead upon came
within the zone of fire of 2000 yards, up to
the time when they ceased to advance,
because they were knocked down and
killed by the hundreds and thousands—
our line' virtually and literally pumped
lead into them. The fire was so heavy
that no one could live under it." This Is
quite true; disciplined volleys are a tre
mendous weapon both of offense and de
fense; but individual markmanship is also
of great importance, as doubtless Lord
Wolseley would be the first to admit.
Nothing so much depresses an enemy
awaiting an attack in partial shelter as
the knowledege that the instant a man ex
poses himseif he will get a bullet crashing
through his brain.
Baltimore Church Property.
Mr. Harry S. Raynor. Assessor at
Large for the Appeal Tax Court, has
submitted to the court his report of ex
emptions of church property In the clty
as follows: Methodist Episcopal, $1,767.- I
000; Baptist, $700,000; Methodist Protestant, !
$300,0uj; Presbyterian. $1,300,000; Protes- ;
tant Episcopal, $1,347,000; Roman Catholic,
$3,429,000; Hebrew. 1540.000; Lutheran,
$fi09.000; Friends, $143,000; Unitarian, $66,000; ;
Swedenborgian. $i3>,000; Imlopf-ndfnt Meth-
Odist, $S7,000: Methodist Episcopal South.
$127,000: Univereallßt, tRJOOO; Tnitrd Breth
ren, $50,000: African Methodist Episcopal,
160,000; Methodist Episcopal (colored^, 575,-;
000; total. $10,660,000. This is the llrst time
a total valuation of church property has j
been made to the Tax Court. The fig
ures show that the Roman Catholic I
Church is the richest denomination in the
city. The report Includes churches and
parsonages. All the abatements wfro al- :
lowed by the court.— Baltimore American.
itelative Rations.
Stranger— l say. my friend, have you
seen a little dog around here with a tail
about an inch or an inch and a half or
two inches long?
Resident— No. T haven't; but I saw a
white dog yesterday with a black spot on
him about as big as a dollar or a dollar
and a half or two dollars.— Judge.
quently night and day, smarting or ir-
ritation in passing, brick-dust or sedi-
ment in the urine, constant headaches,
dizziness, sleeplessness, nausea, vomit-
ing, indigestion, nervousness, hysteria,
skin trouble, anaemia, Brlght's disease,
backache, neuralgia, rheumatism,
bloating, irritability, worn-out feeling,
lack of ambition, loss of flesh, sallow
complexion.
A book telling more about it sent
free.
The great discovery, Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, is so remarkably success-
ful that our readers are advised to
write for a free sample bottle, and to
kindly mention the San Francisco
Daily Call when sending their ad-
dresses to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamp-
ton. N. Y.
SAN FRANCISCO'S
GREATEST ART EVENT!
TODAY
At II A. M. and 3 P.M.
125 GEARY STREET,
Adjoining City of Paris Yd
Dry Goods Company, Jlwvl
FIRST DAn sale mm
AT AUCTION OF THE MMk
FERDINAND ROSSI M 3P-
COLLECTION OF
RARE ART TREASURES,
Use f^^k se
Woodbury's b*^ Woodbury's
Facial Soap. *&/ Facial Cream.
Scalp diseases, falling hair, baldness, prema-
ture grayness quickly cured, and the luster,
natural growth and color, restored by JOHN H.
WOODBURY. 26 W. 23d St., New York, and
163 State Ft., Chicago. Send 10 cents for Beauty
Book, and receive sample of Soap and Cream,
free. .
T>"OTTOTJT7Q FOR BARBERS, BAK-
DilU DllJjO m. bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannera,
dyers, nourmllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-»-<wOr!=. tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
DRMCNULTY.
rpHIS WELL-KNOWJS AND RELIABLE OLD
i. .specialist cure* Private, Nervous, and Blood Dls*
eases o/ Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
' Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20 y'rV experience.
Patients cured at Home. Terras reasonable. Hours?
to 3 dully; B.3o to 8:30 ev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. C'onsnl-
tution confidential. CiUl.oraddress
P. nOSGOF. McXUIiTY. M.D.
26^ Keurny St., San Francisco. Cal.
m^W/^ WHEN YOU
/^^^^P^^, Require an ELEC-
JK^T^IIStRIC BELT set "Dr.
Pierces" and you will
not disappointed
-yt*ZJ~ Call or address PIERCE
'•;'■ ELECTRIC CO., 620
Mark** si. (opp. Palic* Hots). S. F.
Munyon'sHeadache and indigestlonCun.
Is the only remedy on the market thxt
will cure every form of Headache In 3
to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion, stim-
ulate the nerves and build up the sys-
tem. It should be in every home and
every traveler's gripsack. At all Drug-
gists. 25 cures 25c.
IV I CT D \/|Ta Kejteres VITALITY
.iNcn'V.i i M LOST VIGOR.
■ js£ssj!jj& : "■'AND MANHOOD
t/g&^'X Cures Impotency Night Emissions and waiting
■HH^pH diseases, all effects of cell-abuse, or excess and
inoiscrefion. A nerve-tonic and blood-builder.
' l& ' \fiffy Brags the pink plow to pale #ieeks and r>
m- Pr>« 1 stores the lire of youth. By mail SOo per
RK**^9£ boxi 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
jrj|i^sgf^guarantee to cure or refund the money.
Rmita medical Co., CHnien * Jackson its., Chicago.
| WALLER BROS., 33 Grant ave., San Francisco.
56
Khz 4j£Sß*&l& *U
WEDNESDAY JANUARY 18, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS. £17 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1871
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) l»
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL, 16 p-fces .One year, by mall. $1
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK 0FF1CE..... V... Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rl**» House
C # C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marqnette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNEBS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
P:3O o'clock- 6*l McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock. 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 otlocK
-1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2£91 MarKet
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AWUSEMHNT4
Columbia— "The Idol's Eye."
California— "Yon Yonson.""
Al</u "A Temperance Town."
Tlvpll— "The "Wedding Day."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Comedy— "Two Married Men."
Chutes and Zoo— I'ianka, the "Lady of Lions."
Olympia — Coiner Mason and Ellis streets, Specialties.
Central Park— The Steeplechase.
Ingleslde Race Track— Races to-day.
Sherman-Clay Hall— Gerome Helmont, Violinist, this after-
.loo n.
NO NAMES ADDED.
IT is with great pleasure The Call can announce that
the black list remains as heretofore published.
idy yesterday had the courage, even if any
had the desire, to go to the company of Jilson and
Wright. The Burns forces have tried hard to main
tain an air of confidence, but they have failed abjectly,
a> the good people of the State hope they will con
tinue to fail to the end. The li>t is as follows:
SENATORS.
Bettman, San Francisco.
Burnett, San Francisco.
Hoey, San Francisco.
Laird, Shasta.
Leavitt, Alameda.
Shortridge, Santa Clara.
Wolfe, San Francisco.
ASSEMBLYMEN.
Arnerich, Santa Clara.
Barry, San Francisco.
Beecher, Shasta.
Cobb, San Francisco.
Devoto, San Francisco.
Dibble, San Francisco.
Henry, San Francisco.
JILSON, Siskiyou.
Johnson, Sacramento.
Kelley, Alameda.
Kelsey, Santa Clara.
Kenneally, San Francisco.
Lundquist, San Francisco.
McKeen, Alameda.
Miller, San Francisco.
Pierce, Yolo.
Rickard, San Francisco.
Eugene Sullivan, San Francisco.
WRIGHT, Alameda.
These are the men who vote for Burns. The fact is
worth remembering.
0 BROKEN DEADLOCK-
THE deadlock heretofore maintained between the
Police Court and the Police Department over
the arrc-t and prosecution of the pool-sellers
engaged in violating the municipal ordinances has
been broken by the issuance of warrants by three of
the Police Judges. The deadlock arose over the re
fusal of the Judges to issue warrants, and was pri
marily due to a disagreement between them as to
which particular Judge should decide the cases. The
matter has been settled by a division of the business,
and it is presumed that the work of prosecution will
now go on uninterruptedly.
It ought to be said at this juncture, however, that
the mere issuance of warrants and the arrest of the
poolroom proprietors will not of themselves suppress
the evil. If the Police Judges do not perform their
duty when these violators of the law are brought be
fore them there will be a practical indorsement of
the evil. A powerful influence is always exerted to
perpetuate these dens of iniquity. They are money
making contrivances. Their proprietors are politi
cians, and in robbing the fool public they are sus
tained in a measure by the political classes. But there
is no apparent reason why their pulls should be po
tent in the Police Court. The Judges of that tribunal
are elected to mete out justice without regard to the
personal influence of culprits, and if they permit the
pulls of the poolroom operators to enter their courts
they ought to be made subjects of inquiry by the
Grand Jury.
The evil inflicted upon the community by the pool-
room nuisance is greater than any that is exerted by
ordinary gambling devices. The poolrooms corrupt
riot the practiced gambler, but the youth and inno
cence of the town. They are deadfalls, into which the
unwary are. enticed and in which messenger-boys and
women are encouraged to cultivate a spirit of gam
bling.
Xo mercy should be shown the owners of these
dens, and in dealing with them the Police Judges may
• well disregard all mitigating circumstances. A man
■ '"who establishes a poolroom for the sale of chances on
• horse races goes deliberately into the business of cor
. rupting the community, and there is but one way to
.deal with him, and that is with all the severity allowed
by law.
We hope the Police Judges will sustain the Police
Department in enforcing the anti-poolroom or
dinances. If they will follow up their warrants with
genuine prosecutions, in which all the evidence
against the poolrooms is brought out, they will earn
the gratitude of the law-abiding portion of the com
munity anjd lay up capital which will benefit them
hereafter. Nothing can reflect so much credit upon
them as a genuine attempt to co-operate with the Po
lice Department in this matter.
LET NO GUILTY MON ESCAPE.
IT is a subject for sad reflection that a son of the
President who in his incorruptible maintenance of
justice warned the officers of the law on a noted
occasion to "let no guilty man escape" is now
himself involved in a scandal the investigation of
which must be undertaken and carried out in the spirit
of those memorable words. Justice, however, is no
respecter of persons, neither does it turn aside for
sentiment. It demands of the investigating commit
tee at Sacramento that no man guilty of violating the j
laws of the State be allowed to go unpunished.
It was a maxim of old Rome, "The Judge is con
demned when the guilty are absolved." So will it be
with the investigating committee if it go about its
work in a formal and merely perfunctory way; if it
show any sign of trying to shield any one, high or
low, from the consequences of guilt; if it hesitate in j
the path of duty; if it permit evasions or quibbles, or j
technicalities, to be pleaded successfully as bars to the
disclosure of truth.
The members of the committee may as well under- i
stand that they as well as the accused Speaker are on j
trial. What they do will be noted throughout the j
State; nor will anything they may leave undone in I
the performance of duty be overlooked. The people j
demand a comprehensive and thorough investigation 1
of the offenses that have been disclosed by The Call j
and confirmed by evidence collected by other journals j
of the State. The Speaker of the Assembly stands
charged of gross violations of law, .and prominent
candidates for high office are involved with him. The :
issue is not one that can be huddled over. The cvi- |
dence cannot be hushed up. There is no ground for
compromise. The committee must condemn the guilty
01 be itself condemned.
There is no desire on the part of the people to per- j
secute any person. No injustice is aimed at any legis
lator, candidate or lobbyist. There is no demand for j
a scapegoat. Indignation has been aroused by the
disclosures made, but it has not affected the popular j
judgment. The people are capable of giving an im
partial consideration to the subject and will weigh the !
evidence calmly, but they demand that all the facts
be brought out fully and fairly. They wish the truth,
the whole truth and nothing but the truth. They
look to the investigating committee to accomplish
that, and will be satisfied with nothing less.
EXPANSION AND THE CONSTITUTION.
PHILIP THE GOOD of Burgundy, not long be
fore his son, Charles the Bold, had entailed
upon the Netherlands what Motley calls "the
curse of a standing army ( " succeeded in strad
dling an awkward dilemma. Having substituted his
elastic conscience for the ancient constitution and
privileges of the country, he dispossessed his grand-
daughter, Jacqueline, of three provinces, and estab
lished at Bruges the Order of the Golden Fleece,
which represented at once the staple production of
the Netherlands and the Christian humility of the
twenty-five emperors, kings, princes and nobles
who were the original or charter members. After
having proclaimed our disinterestedness and our
strict integrity in declaring war against Spain, if we
should not only violate our official pledges but cast
aside our constitution like a wet rag in order to hold
Asiatic dependencies and reduce nine millions of
Filipinos to serfdom or graft them into American
citizenship by military power, we ought to perfect our
resuscitation of the fifteenth century and by some
invention vindicate the consistency of our theories,
antagonized by our practice. If we desire to occupy
the same relation toward the Spanish colonies that
Spain occupied toward the Netherlands, doubtless we
can found an order composed of at least twenty-five
generals and politicians, who will fairly illustrate our
imperialism on the one hand and our Americanism on
the other. Constitutional inhibition of course will not
stand in the way, and it might not be inappropriate to
include a few of the journalists who have a "national
policy." If these contradictory attitudes can be suc
cessfully maintained we can spread the new hybrid
of American imperialism over other territory not oc
cupied or witTiin the "sphere of influence" of Euro
pean powers until we can complacently announce that
"as one gathereth eggs that are left, have we gath
ered all the earth."
An accurate but shallow view of the existing situa
tion would encourage the pessimists who deny the
capacity of the American people for self-government
and who predict a speedy disruption of the Union,
through causes generated within itself. But our na
tional history contradicts and falsifies these gloomy
anticipations. In every emergency, while the people
were slow and apparently apathetic at first, settled
public opinion, expressed through the ballot-box, has
turned out right in the end. It took nearly five years
to secure a national guarantee for the abolition of
slavery and the perpetuity of the Union, and much
longer before sectional discords were annihilated and
political unity developed into a universal sentiment
as well as an accomplished fact. In the elections of
1896 and 1898 hard sense conquered passion, aroused
by real evils, and by theories that were captivating to
lestless and uninstructed minds. And now, in the
press, in colleges and universities, by conservative
statesmen and great thinkers, in the halls of legisla
tion and among the toiling masses, who represent
muscular and mechanical industry, the reaction
against the drift toward imperialism has begun, and,
day by day, grows more intense and demonstrative.
It is not likely to recede, and both capital and labor
will probably realize that our own continent supplies
abundant fields for enterprise, that there is no dis
content nor suppressed energy at home that demands
cutlets abroad, and that our great republic may safely
retain its distinctive features, preserve its unity under
the constitution, and, through educated and discip
lined citizenship, work out to its final results the most
beneficent and the most logical plan that has ever
been devised for the benefit of the human race.
THE TIME FOR ACTION.
F any argument in favor of the prompt passage of
a bill to promote our merchant marine were
* needed in addition to that furnished by the de
mand for ships to carry our increasing export trade
it would be found in an official report to the Treasury
Bureau of Statistics of a recent subsidy agreement by
which the German Government proposes to pay
more than a million dollars a year for a fifteen year
term for the establishment of steamship lines between
German ports and those of Japan, China, Australasia
and certain ports of Oceanica.
From a summary of the report which has beep
THE SAN FKAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUAKY 18, 1899.
given out it appears that four steamers are, under this
contract, to be built for the Chinese and Japanese ser
vice, to be of not less than 6000 tons and equal to
those of foreign nations in every respect, their plans
to be approved by the Admiralty, and to be running
I respectively by October 1, 1890, January I, September
I 1 and November 1, 1900. The steamers to be con
! structed for the Australian line are to be not less than
: 5300 tons and also equal to those of foreign na
j tions in every respect and subject to the approval of
! the Admiralty. All the ships are to be built in Ger
man yards, and German material is to be used as far
as possible, all Admiralty requirements to be carried
I out in them, putting them into condition in which
i they can readily be utilized for war purposes when
necessary.
The trade of the Pacific Ocean is well worth the
I high price the Germans are bidding for it, and the
exercise of all the energies they are putting forth.
Recently issued statistics from British sources esti
mate there is a foreign trade amounting to $205,000,
--; 000 in the Dutch East Indies, of $32,500,000 in the
; Philippines, of $25,000,000 in Hawaii, and of about
: $,500,000,000 in all the inlands combined. The inter
national trade of Australia, Tasmania and New Zea
j land amounts to $680,000,000 annually. The foreign
! commerce of treaty ports of China and Hongkong is
1 estimated at about $416,500,000; of Burmah and Brit-
I i«h India, $1,000,000,000; of Japan, $200,000,000, and
I with Korea, Eastern Siberia, Siam, French Indo
j China, Straits Settlements and the Malay Peninsula
: the foreign commerce of the Asiatic Pacific reaches
the enormous total of $2,145,000,000.
As a great manufacturing and exporting nation the
I United States have a large interest in the . Pacific
! Ocean trade. As a matter of fact we are the greatest
! of Pacific Ocean powers and ought to dominate its
! commerce. We will never do so, however, as long as
we rely npon foreign ships to carry our goods for us
; and make no effort to build up a merchant marine of
' our own.
The Germans have set an example which we will
follow if we are wise. There would be no waste of
money in building up a large fleet of merchant steam
ers on the Pacific Ocean. From the activity of Euro
pean nations in striving for the trade it will be seen
there is little time to lose. The issue is urgent, and
should be dealt with at this session of Congress.
DURING our Revolutionary War the Continental
Congress made with France a commercial
treaty offensive and defensive, pledging amity
and comity and promising certain exclusive trade
rights and a military alliance, with the use of our ports
and prize courts for France in maritime warfare.
That treaty put our flag alongside that of the Bour
bons. It brought to us the French allies, who re
mained fighting by our side down to the final surren
der at Yorktown. Four years thereafter we organized
our government under the present constitution and
elected Washington President We were not long in
discovering that trade did not follow the flag nor the
treaty. The people of England, from whom we had
just separated ourselves, proved to be our best cus
tomers, and, in violation of our solemn treaty
with France, trade overrode all diplomacy and re
mained in its natural channel. This continued in spite
of our second war with Great Britain. It was demon
strated that neither prejudice nor friendship affected
trade in the least. It followed its natural cleavage.
Gratitude made no impression upon it, and it was
equally insusceptible to passion and revenge.
So it has continued to this day. .Abuse of Great
Britain has affected our politics and been a controlling
factor in electing more than one President. The
surest sesame to the sympathy and applause of an
American audience has always been an impassioned
appeal against Great Britain. Political campaigns
have turned on the charge that "British gold" at
tempted to influence them. Yet trade has gone on
with Great Britain entirely uninfluenced by these fer
ments in politics and these appeals to national
hatred.
It is somewhat strange that with this example con
stantly before us there should be heard the foolish
talk about trade following the flag!
We are asked to expend hundreds of millions of
dollars in "nailing the flag" to various parts of the
world that trade may follow it. We are told that an
rnnual expenditure of a hundred and fifty millions on
an enlarged army and navy to nail the flag and keep
it nailed on certain tropical islands is necessary to
nail trade where the flag is nailed.
Up to the close of the fiscal year ending June 30,
1898, we had not nailed the flag anywhere, and had
not turned our backs on the humanitarian professions
we made when we declared war against Spain. Great
Britain, on the other hand, had at that date been en
paged for two centuries in nailing her flag in nu
r jrous islands, continents and archipelagoes all over
the world. She had it that moment nailed to a
thousand battleships and a countless fleet of mer
chantmen. If trade refuse to follow anything but a
flag Great Britain should have had seven-tenths of the
world's commerce. But Mr. Ritchie, president of the
Rritish Board of Trade, says that while the imports
of Great Britain had increased to $850,000,000 over her
exports, the latter had declined. Since 1891 the ex
ports of France had increased 2V2 per cent, with her
flag nailed to very few places. The exports of Ger
many, Holland and Belgium had grown 12Y2 per cent,
with no new flag-nailing at all, and very few old jobs
of that kind. The exports of the United States had at
the same time increased 18 per cent, while those of
Great Britain had decreased 5 per cent. In our ex
port relations to Great Britain for that period we had
therefore gained on her 23 per cent, had overtaken
and passed her, and had seen her countermarch and
increase the distance between s. All this was done
without the sacrifice of a life to the ambition to nail
the flag anywhere. No fever-smitten man had closed
.bis eyes for the last time under a vertical sun to ex
tend the trade of his country by lifting the flag in
strange regions. No penny of extra taxation had been
laid on American lab.or. Trade, following its natural
path, at its normal pace, blind to all flags and thrilled
by no standard, saluting no battle banner, asking no
battleships to convoy it and no army to protect it,
had gone on and left Great Britain so far in the rear
that she will not overtake us unless we lose our
senses and go into flag-nailing at the expense of
our legitimate business.
There is about as much connection between the flag
and trade as there is between chewing gum and the
precession of the equinoxes.
Ulysses Grant Jr. should remember that his father
obtained the honors of his country by deserving them,
and. not by.putting money where it would do the least
good. ■ ._;. ' ; ■*■
When the Grant managers started in with money to
burn, they never dreamed that the smell of the smoke
would raise such a stench in the State.
; If Eagan gets his deserts he will be drummed out
of the commissary department by the hind leg of an
army mule.
•
The first thing the investigating committee at Sac
ramento should 1 get is a cathode ray."
ThjE FLAG AND TRADE.
RUIN STARES
MANY PEOPLE
IN THE FACE
The Death Blow to the
Cigar Trade.
INTERNAL REVENUE LAW
SMALL MANUFACTURERS CAN
NOT GET ANY TOBACCO.
A Ruling That Appears to Have Been
Made in the Interests of
Those Who Would
Monopolize.
The recent ruling of the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, by which dealers in
tobacco are prohibited from selling the
article in broken packages or small quan
tities, promises to make lots of trouble
for those who are unable to purchase in
original packages. In fact, it now appears
that it id "all up" with the hundreds of
small manufacturers of cigars and several
thousands of cigar-makers who have di
rectly or indirectly been making a fair
living under the old system. In times past
small manufacturers of cigars in this city
purchased their material from the to
bacco dealers in such quantities as the
trade demanded and their means permit
ted. In this way they were able to get
a few pounds at a time, give work to one,
two or even half a dozen cigar-makers.
make their sales and buy more for anoth
er lot.
The ruling of the Commissioner the
other day made this impossible, the or
der being that tobacco must be sold by
the dealers in the original packages. As
these packages, cases and bundles cost
from $200 to 1600 and several different
kinds are sometimes necessary to effect
desired blends capital amounting some
times to several thousand dollora is re
quired.
As may be expected the small makers
in this city were greatly alarmed and at
once took such means as lay in their
power to call the attention of the Com
missioner to the injustice done them and
the disastrous results that would follow.
The officers of the Chamber of
Commerce, the City and State Boards
of Trade, the Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' and Merchants' associations at
once became interested, for they had rea
lized that to throw 2000 cigar-makers out
of employment would be to drag three
times that number of persons dependent
upon that business down to the lowest
stages of poverty. The thought of the
community having to provide for the dis
tress of euch a number was so appalling
that the commercial people at once placed
themselves in communication with the
powers that be at Washington to see if
the unjust ruling could not be modified.
An examination of the statutes convinced
them that there was some hope, as shown
by the following dispatch that was sent
last Saturday by the presidents of the
bodies mentioned:
SAX FRANCISCO, Jan. 14, 1899.
To the Honorable Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, Washington, D. C. — Sir: Treasury
decision No. 20,372, prohibiting the sale of leaf
tobacco in quantities less than a bale, case,
etc., seems to be in conflict with the follow
ing language contained in subdivision 6 of
section 3244, Revised Statutes:
"Provided it shall bfe lawful for any licensed
manufacturer of cigars to purchase leaf to
bacco of any licensed dealer or other manu
facturer In quantities less than the original
packages for use in his own manufactory ex
clusively."
In considering the matter your attention had
probably not been directed to this clear and
unambiguous statutory provision, and conse
quently it must have been overlooked. Would
you please re-investigate the question as speed
ily as possible, and In the meantime order a
suspension of proceedings on that decision?
We call your attention to the fact that the
remaining in force of your ruling will virtu
ally destroy the cigar manufacturing Industry
in this State, and entail great distress upon
thousands of employes and their families.
Their hopes were dashed to the earth
yesterday by the receipt of a telegram
from headquarters which shows that the
ruling must have been made in the inter
ests of the wealthy manufacturers of
cigars, who in the past have done all in
their power to monopolize the cigar busi
ness. Ths is the dispatch:
Mr. Hugh Craig, President Chamber of Com
merce, San Francisco, January 16, ISS9: Section
69 of the act of August 2S, lSi)4, repeals in part
subdivision 6, section 3244. Increased rates of
tax on tobacco products enforces a more care
ful supervision over the sale and disposition
of leaf tobacco. Treasury decisions 20,260 and
20,394 afford manufacturers ample opportunity
to purchase from other manufacturers, under
special permit authorizing sale, small quanti
ties of unstemmed, stemmed, resweated or
booked leaf tobacco.
G. W. WILSON, Acting Commissioner.
The clause to the effect that the small
manufacturers may secure all the tobacco
they want from the large manufacturers
might as well never have been inserted,
for It Is not at all likely that the larger
makers of cigars will furnish the smaller
makers with the material with which to
compete for trade In the open market.
The former cannot be compelled to sell,
and there Is nothing for the unfortunates
to do but close up shop, unless the entire
business communities of this and every
city in the Union unite in a general de
mand for the repeal of the Commission
er's unfair ruling. It is stated that to
throw the small cigar-makers of the
United States out of employment would
cause more distress than has been experi
enced for years and extend over more
territory. ______________
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
C. R. Scott of Portland is at the Occi
dental.
P. L. Young of Humboldt is a guest at
the Grand.
J. K. Iverson of Salinas City is staying
at the Grand.
11. S. Richards of San Diego Is a guest
at the Palace.
Dr. C. R. Burr, U. S. N., is a guest at
the Occidental.
Ben Mock, a prominent citizen of Han
ford, is at the Lick.
G. F. Payne of British Columbia Is a
guest at the California.
R. D. Crittenden, a miner from
Wrangel, Alaska, is at the lick.
Ex-Assemblyman T. A. Rice of El Rio,
Ventura County is at the Palace.
William C. Geiger and Donald McMhilta,
U. S. A.-, are registered at the Palace.
Colonel F. M. Munger, retired, U. S. A.,
of Augusta, Me., accompanied by his wife,
is at the California.
Mrs. E. Goodwin, Mrs. Van Nostrand
and A. S. Goodwin of Greater New York
arrived at the Occidental yesterday.
CALITOB-NIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Jan. 17.— E. D. Scribner of
San Francisco is at the Holland. George
H. Davis of San Francisco is at the Im
perial. Mrs. M. Friedman of San Fran
cisco is at the Empire. Galusha R. Grow
and wife of San Diego are at the Fifth
Avenue.
Clear Weather.
Professor Hammon said yesterday after
noon that everything pointed to clear
weather for to-day. The wind— and there
was very little of It— was nearly dead
north all afternoon. The temperature had
risen somewhat and the snow was not
melting so much on the mountains as It
was Monday.
There were light showers yesterday at
Fresno and north of that point. At no
X>lace did a quarter of an inch fall. The
continued warm weather is an excellent
condition to insure good crops, as trie
ground Is drying very slowly and the
moisture Is consequently retained long
enough to accomplish the best results.
MINERVA'S INSTALLATION.
New Officers Inducted Into Office in
the Presence of a Large
Assemblage.
The officers of Minerva Parlor, Native
Daughters of the Golden West, were in
stalled on last Monday night in the pres
ence of more than two hundred persons
In the banquet hall of the Native Sons'
building by District Deputy GraJid Pres
ident Mrs. Theodore Lundstedt, assisted
by Grand Marshal Mrs. Lena Bee Mills
and the following acting grand officers:
Miss C. Creigh, past grand president;
Miss Fenstermacher, first vice grand pres
ident, and Miss Thierbaeh, grand secre
tay. The officers for the current term
are: Mrs. Margaret Gauselle, past presi
dent; Miss, Kate Curran. president: Miss
Lucy Roche, first vice president; Mrs. M.
Blakeley, second vice president; Miss M.
Creigh, third vice president; Miss M.
Wynne, financial secretary; Miss Annie L.
Donaldson, recordingsecretary ; Miss Mary
Dempsey, treasurer; Mrs. M. Shade, mar
shal; Miss Minnie Wall, inside sentinel;
Blisa M. Sericano. outside sentinel; Mrs.
M. Gordon, Miss Ida Bentnn and Miss Le
na Wilson, trustees; Miss Lena Wall, or
ganist. The work of installation was
performed with that degree of perfection
which has gained the installing officer an
enviable reputation in that line. After the
officers had been Inducted into office there
whs presented for the entertainment of
those assembled a short programme of
musical and literary numbers, after which
there was dancing until midnight.
DR. O'BRIEN RETURNS
TO HIS CIVIL DUTIES
THE GALLANT SURGEON OF THE
FIRST AT HIS POST.
Resumes the Position of Health Offi- i
cer After Meritorious Service
at Manila — Dr. Gallwey's
Self-Sacrifice.
Dr. A. P. O'Brien will resume his duties
as Health Officer of this city this morn
ing after an absence of eight months.
"When President McKinley called for
volunteers last spring Dr. O'Brien was i
among the first to respond, sacrificing j
much for his country from a material
point of view. He went to Manila last
May and rendered distinguished service,
for which he has been praised by the I
highest authorities. Notable among his ;
humanitarian acts was his work in the
smallpox hospital. He braved the dan
gers of the dread disease, and upon his j
assumption of control the list of fa- i
talities commenced to grow rapidly less.
This was but one of his achievements in
the far away Philippines.
Upon his arrival here he applied to the
department at Washington tor his dis- |
charge. Contrary to expectations an im
mediate answer was received to the effect
that a leave of absence would be granted
him until February 15, at which time he
would be honorably discharged. Few men
have been granted discharges under these
conditions, and it is believed the he;i>.
the army were aware of the distinguished
service rendered by Dr. O'Brien, hence
their action upon his application.
During his absence his office has been
ably filled by Dr. John Gallwey. He as
sumed the duties ei~ht months ago this |
morning, and has been unremitting in his
attentions to the demands of the office
ever since. He accepted the office upon
the condition that the salary which at
taches, $250 a month, should go to the
family of the absent officer. At times the
demands of his own extensive practice and I
the other duties he had assumed seemed :
more than he could master, but he ful
filled all his obligations to his patients ■
and to the public, and proved his loyalty <
to his friend.
BETROTHED TO
A NOTED BELLE
George W. Boyd to Wed
Miss Myra C. Noyes o?
Washington, D. C.
An interesting engagement that has
just been made public and which will
shortly be followed by a magnificent
Eastern wedding is that of George W.
Boyd, general "passenger agent of the
Pennsylvania Railroad, and Miss Myra
Noyes, daughter of Crosby C. Noyea,
owner and editor of the Star of Washing
ton, D. C., and sister of Mrs. Frederic W.
Hale of Oakland.
Miss Noyes spent last winter in Cali
fornia, the guest of her sister, Mrs. Hale.
The young lady, who is one of the most
popular belles in the Capital city, is a
dainty, petite demi-blonde, talented and
affable. Mr. Boyd is a gentleman of con
siderable merit and an exceptionally clev
er railroad man.
Miss Zelda Lewis and Michaelis Glas-?r,
whose engagement has been announced,
will receive on Sunday. January 22, be
tween the hours of 2 and 5, at 919 McAl
lister street.
| WAS ILLEGALLY IMPRISONED.
Supreme Justices Mak an Important !
Decision on Homestead Law.
The Justices of the Supreme Court have
given the Judge of the Superior Court of
Sonoma County some interesting law to
ponder upon. The case in which this in
formation was given was that of John
J. Silvia, who made application for a writ
of habeas corpus. A divorce case is pend
ing in Santa Rosa between Silvia and
his wife, and the Judge ordered the hus
band to give the wife $205 alimony and
counsel fees. Silvia failed to obey the
order, claiming that he had no money,
whereupon the Judge insisted that the
money could be raised by the husband
I selling or putting a mortgage upon home
steaded land that he held. Upon the ad
vice of his attorney Silvia declined to do
so, and he was adjudged to be guilty of I
contempt of court and to be imprisoned j
in the County Jail until he complied- with j
the order. A petition for a writ -of
habeas corpus followed, which was de- j
cided by the court in bank ordering Sil
via's release, Justice McFarland dissent
ing. The court says:
"In this case the first .order of imprison
ment did contain a recital that the peti
tioner was able to pay the alimony in
question, but upon a subsequent proceed
ing in habeas corpus before the same I
court, in which his ability to pay was the
principal question to be determined, the
order remanding him, and under which
he is now held, fails to show that he is
able to pay without selling or incumber
ing his homestead, and the question is
presented whether a man can be com
pelled by duress of imprisonment to sell
or incumber the homestead which under I
the constitution and laws of the State j
jis exempt from forced sale except in
certain enumerated cases, of which pay- .
ment of temporary alimony is not one.
"In our opinion this cannot be done.
The prisoner having no means aside
from his homestead in a legal sense has
not the ability to pay the alimony, and his
continued imprisonment is unlawful. It
is ordered that he be discharged from
custody." - .:.",-:
BRIDGE CONTRACTS LET.
Directors of the Valley Railway Ap
prove Two Important Contracts
in the San Joaquin Valley.
The board of directors of the San Fran
cisco and San Joaquin Valley Railway at
' their regular meeting yesterday approved
' the letting of the contracts for the draw
! bridges and the piers for the same to be
> built across, the San Joaquin, Middle
and Old rivers. The contract for tho
bridges was let to the Keystone Brld(«
Company of Pittsburg, Pa., and the build
ing of the piers to the Thompson fir Id Re
Company of this city. The cost of the
bridge will be about $25,000 and th« plots
$15,000. The bridge across tho San Jon
flifin River will be 233 foot lotiß, that
I across Middle River 202 foot, with a
sixty-foot approach span, ami thai ■M*r>^*
; Old River 202 feet, with n forty-foot HU
proach spnn. ; ./..
; • ■ — — ; ■» I i —
I The Heiiret Libel Case.
Judge M(«KHI1 ynptprrtfty hnil nghin to
postpone hie decision In 11, c. libel ©Me! fit
1 Claus Sprtokelß ag&ihni w \\ Hearst, .. r
tho SunfflW. bul he h,,m..,<r,i ,»,,,, n «
I would positively render 11 :,,,n.,1 ;
ONE YEAR'S
RECORD OF
PROGRESS
Views of Mr. Craig on
Current Events.
THE CHAMBER OF COMMERCE
INSTRUCTIVE SUGGESTIONS AT
ITS YEARLY MEETING.
The Retiring President Believes tha
Semi-Centennial Exposition
Will Be a Grand
Event.
The annual meeting of the trustees of
the Chamber of Commerce was held yes
terday, at which the old board of officers
retired and the new trustees whose
names were published at the election took
their seats. E. Scott was re-elected by
the board to the position he has filled so
well for the past year or more. W. M.
Bunker stated that he is about to visit
Siberia over the projected line of the
great Siberian railway, and he was elect
ed as a special commissioner to repre
sent the chamber. The retiring president,
Hugh Craig, presented a long report
showing the work of the chamber during
the past year and the general condition
of the city and State. Special mention
was made of the condition of the
crops of the present year and those of
the past two seasons. Also the amount
of exports of cereals to all parts of the
globe. The business of the banks, be said,
is entirely satisfactory. Of the class
known as farm borrowers the report
says:
This class of debtors during 1597 paid interest
equal to the amount accruing in one and one
half yearn, thereby clearing up arrearage's in
great degree. In 1898 they,- as a class, held
their own, some localities wiping out old bal
ances, while others ran behind again. Small
City borrowers are paying interest promptly
as a rule.
Of several other matters of interest Mr.
Craig's view? were expressed as follows:
Trans-Paoiflc Cable— "tt'e may confidently ex
pect a movement toward the construction of
this much-desired convenience before the year
la much older. The President of the L'nlted
States is very anxious that this shall be ac
complished, at least to Hawaii, immediately.
Nicaragua Canal— lt would appear at thi3
writing as if the long-desired passage-way
between the Atlantic and Pacific for the pro
tection of the commerce of the two coasts of
the rnitod States is now fairly within reach.
Legislation in favor of the immediate con
struction of the canal should be well forward,
if not an accomplished fact, before the Fifty
fifth Congress expire* on March 4.
Cable to the FRrallones— Every effort should
be made to securing this most desirable ac
quisition for the convenience of our shipping
and weather bureau. The Secretary of Agri
culture has favorably reported as to cost and
practicability, and our delegation at Washing
ton is alive to the necessity.
Mr. Craig made special reference to the
manufactures of iron, the success of this
city in supplying the army during the
late war, pure food laws, railroad trans
portation, prompt delivery of ocean
mails, the Philadelphia museum, the Pre
sidio Reservation, conservation of water
and the preservation of the forests of the
State and current affairs in general. Of
the semi-centennial exposition of the
State he said:
In the year 1900 we will have reached the
semi-centennial anniversary of etatehood. Cali
fornia is the leading State in the Pacific ter
ritory of the United States. A celebration of
California's fiftieth anniversary will be heart
ily concurred in by other States and Terri
tories lying w»Bt of the Missouri River. The
occasion is one which should be accentuated
In a fitting manner. The Government of the
Vnlted States has. up to the present time, ap
propriated the sum of $8,600,000 in aid of ex
positions of the material resources of the
United States and of the various sections of
the country. The most recent instance of its
munificence in this regard relates to the Trans-
Mississippi Exposition, just closed at Omaha.
A Brand exposition of the resources of the
Pacific Coast, to be known as the Pacific Ocean
Exposition, should be hf-Ul In San Francisco,
and on its behalf Government aid should be
solicited, whilp the city and thf Ptate should
make liberal appropriations on its behalf.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsends.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
With a View to the Future.
The provident mother in Paris:
"Est-ce qu'il sera riche?"
"Oui."
"Alors fats-toi eorirp braucoup de lettr^S
— C'est le pain de nos vieux jours!" — Town
Topics.
"Mrs. Winslow r s Soothinp Syrup"
Has been used over fifty -ears by millions of
mothers for their children -.vhile Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the ';ost remedy for
Diarrhoeas. ■ whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Urn.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c «. bottle.
HOTEL, DEL CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship. Including fifteen days" board at
hotel; longer stay J2 50 per day. Apply ac
4 New Montgomery street. San Francisco.
ACKERS • DYSPKT'SIA TABLETS ARE
sold on a positive jruarant"*. Cures heartburn,
raising of the food, distress after enting or any
form of dysfepsia. One little tablet gives Im
mediate relief. At Owl Drug Co.
Nhoi>eot of the hair brings „ baldness. Vie
Pabker's Hair Bal-sam ana save your liair. " "
HiNDJCBCORXfCthe lies! cure toy eoruj.' li r. I.
Farmer's Boy— Pop, the corn husks in
this field are very thick.
Old Farmer— That means we're going to
have a hard winter.
Hoy— But the corn husks in that other
field 'are very thin.
Farmer— Hum! I gut that seed from
th" Agricultural Bureau at Washington,
an" I shouldn't wonder if it was fool
enough to go by the Government Weather
Bureau.— New York Weekly.
ANNUAL
CLEARANCE
SALE
GUMP'S
ART STORE
IS NOW ON.
20%
Discount on every
article.
113 Geary Street.FOUND THE JAGGED TEETH OF DUXBURY
The Noyo Wrecked in a
Dense Fog.
Sank to Her Deck and Was
Towed to Port.
She Carried the Crew of the
Ill=Fated Jewel.
No Lives Were Lost and No
Excitement.
flow the Jewel Went Ashore
at Caspar.
Thrilling Story Told by Her
Engineer.
THE steamer Noyo narrowly escaped
becoming a total wreck on Duxbury
Reef early yesterday morning. She
was on her way here from Fort
Bragg with a load of lumber and a num
■ b«r of passengers, when she struck the
r<->rks. It was very foggy, and Captain
Daniels thought he was a good three
miles off the rinngcrous reef, but the re
cent storm had created a strong north
■■'•■■ -easterly set, and that carried the Noyo to
. -.the rocks.
• '. ; . There was no excitement on the vessel.
The captain and first and second officers
V were on the l ridge at the time, and when
.-..'.the passengers came rushing on deck they
: ; assured them there was no danger. The
■steamer worked her way over the reef,
and when she was about a mile to the
.''"southward the anchor was dropped, as
: .the rudder was damaged and the Noyo
.: . •■.unmanageable.
"• :' Besides her crew, the Noyo had on
'•■' board thirteen passengers, two of whom
■;•. were ladies, and fourteen of the crew of
■..the wrecked steamer Jewel, that went
/^ashore near Caspar during the recent
;•••. southeaster and became a total wreck.
•.'•;-■ As soon as Captain Daniels ascertained
: , /that his vessel was leaking badly he or
■•■.■/dered the boats lowered, and the passen
; . &ers and their effects put into them. Cap
.'. . tain Daniels was in charge of one. First
Officer Kendal of the second. Second Of
,: ficer Nelson of the third and Chief Engi
neer Thompson of the fourth.
■ The distress signals blown on the Noyo's
\ steam whistle had attracted the attention
' of the crew of the fishing steamer Henri
• etta. Owing to the fog, the captain of
'■'■'■ the Henrietta could not see the Noyo, but
••..■'be knew that something was in trouble on
■ Duxbury Reef, bo he sent a boat to find
out what was the matter. Two of the
'•. Noyo's boats saw the stranger and pulled
'.-•".■ toward her. As soon as the fishermen
"•'.learned what was the matter they re
■• turned to their own steamer, and the
:'--Nbyo's boats followed. Two of them got
■.'•'•'alongside the Henrietta, and the passen
:''gers in them got aboard the fisherman.
/The captain of the Henrietta did not wait
■■■. -for the other boats to come up, but saying
'.'he was in a hurry, steamed away for San
;•. • .Francisco.
■''■ ' ' By noon the Noyo had become water
?' ..lodged. She lay with a list to starboard,
; 'afrd the water was up to her hurricane
• .deck. The deckload of lumber began to
■ drift away, and altogether she was in a
■'■. -bad positon when the tug Alert put in an
' ; :appearance. Captain Daniels did not
• : -.Vwaste any time dickering about a price,
-.rbut when Captain John Silovlch said,
:• "Shall 1 take hold, captain?" he answered
• 'once. "Yes, tow her in as quickly as
■■-.•■you- can."
:':'' When the Alert and her unwieldy tow
'.'■ ./were between Fort Point and Lime Point
.'the tug Reliance came along and made
■'• last to the wreck, and she and the Alert
•', -put her on the Mission mud flats Just
■.Hw.elve hours after she had gone on Dux
. '''bury Reef.
.'."'/. ,-Captain W. R. Daniels was heartbroken
■■.' pve-r the loss of his vessel when seen on
'. • : 'xh'o tug Alert yesterday afternoon. "I
• : - tli:ought I was three miles away from the
•*.--rgeF when we struck." said he. "I was
:.;bn. the bridge, and the first mate had
iii.st returned from examining the patent
■ •loft:. .1 asked him how far we had run,
■•aiKi- he said eighteen miles, .sow it is
:. : ;;just; 'eighteen miles from Point Reyes to
". •■■'•: Jivi.xbury Reef, so i remarked we must
••:W> jiist off the reef, but we will run an
.. other three miles before we stand In over
.. the "bar. The words were hardly out of
'■•■rn'y -mouth when we struck.
•• '■'■' "We left Fort .--ragg last Monday \at
ADVERTISEMENTS.
. : Little Boy's Terrible Eczema. Moss of
.■■.'.• .' Sores From Head to Foot.
• 'Not an Inch o? Body UnaV?;cted. Skin
'• ..". Came Off With Bandages-
'.Screams Were Heartbreaking. Three
. ■■" Doctors and Institute Mo Avail. -
CURED BY CUTICURA.
: . lit little boy broke out with an itching rash.
.•■I tried three doctors and medical college, but
•'..•be kept getting worse. There was not one
: • square inch of skin on his whole body unaf-
. . fected. He was one mass of sores, and the
' . stench was (rightful. At the time I was in-
•" . '. duced to try Cuticura remedies, he was so
_. -bad that I had to cut his hair all off, and put
", '. the Cuticura (ointment) on him on bandages,
. as It was lmpoFslble to touch htm with the bare
.' . -.hand. In removing the bandages they would
•■••■. take the skin with them, and the poor child's
'•-■' -screams were heart-breaking. After the sec-
• ••;• mid application of Cuticura (ointment) I saw
■.•V'.elgns of Improvement, nnd the sores began to
..dry-. ,up. His skin peeled off twenty times, but
• •■;• *iq,w he Is entirely cured. I used Cuticura Re-
. . '. Solvent for his blood, and a stronger and
.■ .healthier boy you never saw than he Is to-day
•:. R-^B'T WATTAJI, 1728 Cook St., Chicago, 111'
CUTICURA
Begins with the Blood and Ends with
;•".=?.■. The Skin and Scalp.
' .-' That Is to say, Cuticura Resolvent purifies
• the' blood and circulating fluids of Humor
Germs,' ' and thus removes the cause, while
. -Varm baths with Cuticura Soap and gentle
anointings with Cuticura (ointment), greatest
• . of emollient skin cures, cleanse the skin and
'• />calp of crusts and scales, allay itching, burn-
- ing and inflammation, soothe and heal. Thus are
•ppeedily, permanently, and economically cured
•' the, ' most torturing, disfiguring humors of the
■Bkln. scalp, and blood, with loss of hair, when
th>' best physlclans_and_all_other remedies fail.
'•'Sold throughout the world. POTTER D.
': .-Ana C. CORP., Props., Boston. How to Cure
Torturing Skin Diseases, free.
■'■■' CIVI3 VAIID CVIV Hands and Hair by using
• MiE lUUKMuH cuticura boap.
2 p. m. Our cargo consisted of 255,000
feet of lumber, and we had thirteen cabin
passengers and fourteen of the crew of
the wrecked steamer Jewel. A light, driz
zling rain was falling when we got under
way, and •it followed us all the way
down. The fog came up during the
night, but that did not trouble us much,
and all seemed to be well until 4:o0 in
the morning, when she piled up on the
reef. She did not strike so very hard,
but I think a hole was stove In her bow.
part of the keel was carried away, and
the rudder post was damaged. I had the
boats lowered and got the passengers
into them. About 7:30 a. m. the Henri
etta came along and tooK aboard nine
of the Jewel's crew, eight of my passen
gers and three of my crew. She then
steamed away for San Francisco The
rest of us stayed with the vessel until
%£af<£dlt £*$& to Chief Engineer
H X Thompson and First Assistant
William Lafferty. They remained in the
engine-room until the water was up to
their waists, and did everything in .their
power to keep things going.
"We very nearly had company In pur
misfortune. The barkentine B. £• ■Wilder,
that was towed outside the lightship last
Monday night, was caught in the north
easterly set"and came very near going;
° Har U ry Harrington, one of the firemen of
Harry Harrington, one of the firemen of
the Noyo, came ashore on the Henrietta
"SuJfoV watch and asleep In my bunk
when we struck." said he when talking
about the matter. "There was no con
fusion or excitement, and we all had time
to dress and go on deck before there was
any talk of lowering the boats. It was
fully half an hour after we struck that
the "boats were lowered. We pulled away
from the Novo and ran across a boat be
longing to the fishing steamer Henrietta.
The two Italians in the boat hailed us
and told us to follow them. The Hen
rietta was lying a mile to the south of us,
so we pulled for her. Captain Sandstrom
thought that we were all that were to
go ashore and at once started for San
Francisco.
"Captain Daniels deserves great praise
for the manner in which he handled
things during the wreck. He was cool
and collected, and kept the boats along
side until the passengers' baggage was
put into them. In order to do this great
care had to be taken, as there was a
good swell on and the boats might have
been swamped.
"There were two women in our boat.
One was a Miss Royal from Fort Bragg.
She thought the whole thing a great joke
and could hardly be pursuaded to leave
the wreck. Her trunk fell overboard
while it was being put into the boat, and
It took nearly the entire ship's crew to
recover it. The other lady was with her
husband and she was not a bit frightened.
Some of the Jewel's men lost all their
clothes and they played in very hard
luck. To be wrecked twice in one week
is something that does not often happen,
and yet that was the experience or the
crew of the Jewel."
The Noyo was built in San Francisco in
IW. but practically made into a new ves
sel at a cost of over $15,000 less than a
month ago. She was overhauled from
sum to stern, her bow was built up, her
engines made as good as new, the cabins
put in first-class order, and when com
pleted she was one of the finest steam
schooners on the coast. She now lies a
■wreck on the Mission mud fiats. Over
60,000 feet of her load of lumber is gone,
her deckhouses are sprung, the railing is
gone, and just what damage the hull has
sustained will not be known until the ves
sel goes on the drydock. The Noyo is
150 feet long, 33.2 feet broad and 10.5 feet
deep. She is owned by J. S. Kimball &
Co.. who also owned the steamer Pro
tection, which was wrecked off the
Columbia River a few weeks ago.
CAGED IN THE WBECK.
Heroic Battle for Life of the Two En
gineer* of the Steamer Jewel.
Some seafaring people are born to ship-
THE WRECK OF THE JEWEL.
rpflE crew of the unfortunate vesel was on the Noyo when she went
I on Duxbury Reef. This was their second experience within a week,
*• and they are not likely to forget it in a hurry. Chief Engineer Louis
Peacock is prostrated from the effects of the two disasters and the tragic
death of William Home, his first assistant.
wrecks, and others achieve shipwrecks,
while there Is another class who have
chlpwrerks thrust upon them. The crew
of the little steamer Jewel, cast away on
the Momlocino coast Friday morning,
then again cast away in the wreck of the
TYPOTHETAE BANQUET.
The Celebration of the Birthday of
the Printers' Patron Saint.
The San Francisco Typothetae cele
brated the one hundred and nine
ty - third anniversary of the birth
day of their patron saint. Benjamin
Franklin, last evening in a banquet at a
popular rotisserie on Pine street. The
affair was arranged by Edward Bosqul,
chairman of the banquet committee, and
among the guests were the managers
and proprietors of all the printing estab
lishments in the city.
The menu was printed like a proof
sheet with the typographical and other
corrections marker! in the margin. N. A.
judd was the president of the evening.
After the banquet the following literary
and musical programme was rendered:
Address. "Franklin, the Printer," by N.
J }!. Schultz; "Departed Members of the
Typothetae," by C. A. Murdock; songs
by W E. Steams; "Do Figures Lie?" by
John Partridge: "Typothetae Registra
tion Bureau," by Julius Gabriel; pongs by
Randall Philips; " Relations Between
Publishers and Job Printers," by \V. A.
Donaldson; "Goodfellowshlp and Cause
of Tvpothetae," by E. D. Taylor; synop
sis of the evening in songs by W. N,
Brunt.
Edison tells how he started on his
wonderful career of an inventor in
next Sunday's Call.
LITTLE DANCERS' SOCIAL.
Pupils of Miss McArdle's Academy
Have a Happy Time.
The pupils attending: Miss Gertrude Me-
Ardle'a Academy of Dancing gave a de
lightful social in Mission Masonic Hall
Saturday afternoon. The elegant cos
tumes, the many bright little faces and
the graceful dancing of the children made
it a most charming affair. The festival
opened with a grand march led by Misses
Gertrude and Blanche McArdle.
Those taking part In the entertainment
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 18, 1899.
WRECKED ON DUXBURY REEF.
WHILE on her way from Fort Bragg to this port with a cargo of lum
ber and passengers the steamer Noyo went on the reef in a fog.
Captain Daniels thought he was three miles away from danger, but
a heavy northeasterly set had been put in motion by the recent south
easters and his vessel went on the rocks before he knew she was out of
her course. The crew and passengers were taken off, and the Noyo later
was beached on the Mission mud flats.
Noyo on Duxbury reef just north of this
port, yesterday morning, exemplify one or
possibly all of the three misfortunes.
They left the Jewel grinding: to splinters
on the rocks to board the Noyo, only to
abandon the latter craft as she banned
and thumped on the reef later on. How
ever, it is the common ill-luck, only this
is a little more co, of folks who go down
to the sea in ships.
Louis Peacock and William Home, en
gineers of the Jewel, were the special
sufferers and heroes of the first disaster.
The former survived to pass again safely
through the second wreck, while Home
died from his Injuries an>- lies in his
grave at Caspar.
When the Jewel went ashore Home was
on watch In the engine-room, while Chief
Engineer Peacock was asleep In his state
room. At the first crash of the vessel on
the rocks he awoke and, springing- from
his berth, made his way with great diffi
culty to the engine-room. The seas were
were: Misses E. Kidder, W. Byrne, L.
Spamer, L. jVbsen, S. Flack, ML Stepp,
M. Graham, B. Meissner, L. Jones, R.
Gardner, B. Gardner. F. Gardner, R.
Stone. M. Phieffer, C. Thorripson, E. Keil,
Irene McArdle, Blanche McArdle, Emma
Halm, Nelli" Bowlln, Lena Bredhoff,
Lottie O'Neill, Jenette Spamer. Ada Con
lin, Alice Conlin, Sofa Conlin. Vivian
Klngjwell, Dorothy Thompson. Enid Leek,
Edna Barry and Hasten Arthur O'Neill,
Stewart Boptwlck, Ralph McArdle and
Arthur Lepnllet.
The musical numbers of the programme
were rendered by Miss Enid Leek, Misses
Alice and Ada Conlin and Miss Xelll«
Bowlln.
New Geographical Officers.
The following- directors and committees
of the Geographical Society of the Pacific
were elected yesterday :it the annual
meeting, held in the Merchants' Exchange
building:
Directors— George Davidson, Charles L.
Taylor. John Dolbeer, E. J. Bowen. John
Partridge, K. Durbrow, S. L. Nelson.
Council— Ralph C. Harrison, Mark Shel
don, William Hood, Charles GooUall,
James F. Houghton, Gustave Nlebaum,
George C. Perkins, Henry Lund, Irving
M. Scott, William Alvord, Eusebio J. Mo
lera, Henry J. Crocker.
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Bush nnd I.arkin stf=. Swimming, Kusalan, hot
and cold tub baths. Saltwater direct trom ocean.
■ » ■
Attempt to Rob a Tailor.
Last evening two men entered the tail
oring establishment of A. M. Jackson,
122 O'Farrell street, and aeked to be shown
.some suspender buckles. While these
were being produced Jackson detected
one of the pair in the act of secreting a
bolt of cloth under a coat which he car
ried on hip. arm. He succeeded in re
gaining possession of the cloth, but not
until the thief had got away. His com
panion was secured and held until the ar
rival of the police. Ho gave his name
as Thomas White, and he was booked on
a charge of petty larceny.
Anakesls cures Piles, nothing else. Sam
ple free. Address Anakesis, New York. *
breaking over the floundering steamer
and the 240,000 feet of lumber on deck and
in the hold was beginning to smash the
bulkheads into kindling-wood. The chief
found the machinery still working, but
the engineer was lying in the shaft
alley.
He had been hurled against the revolv
ing crank and his leg was broken. The
■teamer immediately commenced to break
up and the lights went out, leaving the
engine room in darkness. Down into the
place poured the water, and the little
room was soon awash.
Peacock helped his companion climb up
near the door, which was jammed by the
deck load of lumber, which was batter-
Ing down on the engine house, or hatch,
and from their position they could hear
the flooded machinery still working aown
in the Trnter. Presently the engine was
stopped by the bursting of the steam
pipes, and the scalding vapor enveloped
the two men. They could not escape, and
caged in that horrible place they were
apparently doomed.
In the thunder of the 'waves and the
grinding of the cargo of lumber thc-y
could hear no voices from the outside.
Some time had elapsed since the steamer
first struck, and apparently they were
alone on tho fast crumbling vessel.
Presently a violent lurch of the hulk
separated the two engineers, and Peacock
was hurled bodily through a splintered
partition into the cook's galley on to the
heated range, which burned his left shoul
der and arm severely. He had escaped
the stifling, steam-filled engine room, but
only to find himself in a dark, narrow
apartment whose space was almost all
taken up by a big, hot range. Every
heave of the wreck would pitch him
against the stove. He had jumped from
his berth clad only in -undershirt and
drawers, and when driven through the
broken partition bulkhead he had lost
most of even that scant covering.
Chief Engineer Louis Peacock is a mod
est man, and does not care to speak of
— — •^^—^—•— — ™ — — — — —^— — — - — —
' _• _ _■ ADVERTISEMENTS.
OVERWORKED WOMEN.
Letters to Mrs. Pinkham From Women Who Have Been Helped Prom ■
Sickness or Health.
The ordinary every-day life of mostof our women is aceaselesstreadmill of work.
How much harder the daily tasks become when some derangement of the
female organs makes every movement painful and /£>,.
keeps the nervous system unstrungl jS^T^k.
The following letter from Mrs. Walter S. Banta, /ijjM'^^"^
Sparkill, N. V., tells the story of many women, J*?; IS*?
and shows them how to get relief: /^^-*§\ ■ \
"Dear Mrs. Pixkiiaji: — cannot thank you / j^\sb f&smii-anr*fik!bt^
enough for all Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound has done for me. When I wrote to ttBmKBBI^BStt^^SBHS^k
you I had suffered for years with falling, in- Bm^^K^B^^BSESINBRUBn.
flammation and ulceration of the womb; !?vV^ ; - ';>? -''.: : '"" ■■ v * V ;jsv
my back ached, and 1 was so much W&BllSBs^wXR r . ; . ", ' ££&
distressed I could scarcely walk. I r^sK^ '^MJmßKttffiMnJj S
was a burden to myself and did not f 53 - , m — 'j ffffif' mHfßwvia
care whether I lived or died. 7^*F nTsSnw@&i fiHSlfff
"I have taken five bottles of your — " " l— m \~~~J> *^^aSBpTJMPP^g
medicine and it has done wonders for "* *~ '.~3~ % \-jl&mt nPSH&
me as all my friends can testify. I can /^ j&SrE&BbBA 'i^S
now do my own work, and do not know &^ /lUZTZ^^^^^'r^
how to express my gratitude to you for <^ "^T_^V Js> 1 \
the good your medicine and advice £ ess"* X^~~" "^^s^><^ T j
have 'done me, I owe my life to Mrs. £ jdff "~ ~~ v "^^^^fjßm !
Mrs. Pinkham's counseiisofferedireo i/i^^^P^|w\ !
to all women who need advice about ff yBJttWsbBSSHBnBSk \ ffmßr ■
their health. Her address is Lynn, m mfSB^S&SBffisBRSk. Wei. '
Mass. Mrs. P. 11. Hutcuckoft, Kcl J /<S®§iP^>S|f| Pla
lerton, lowa, tells here in her own 1 fslt!
words how Mrs. Pinkham helped her: M*Msi ■BB9^M«&l^aßk \f^«i
"Dear Mrs. - Pixkiiam:— l was in a <^^^^j^^^^k' A^M ■
very bad condition before I wrote to jWi l&r^m Jw^BKß^mm^ K&&
you and began the use of Lydia E. £^ Mr SSM! YLmsffflEl
l'inkham's Vegetable Compound. I amS&s^P-?7 y? v* '^kK
did notknow what todo. I suffered w^W^H^ffHt^'^a
terribly every month, when on my «S»*^ . •
feet would have such a bearing-down feeling, was very weak, womb was
swollen, back ached, appetite was very poor, also had trouble with my head.
I have taken several bottles of your Compound and cannot say enough in its
favor. ' , It helped more than all the doctors."
lyaiaE.PinKham's Vegetable Compound; a Woman's Remedy for Woman 'sills
.-.■- ....
his awful adventure In the galley and
engine-room of the wrecked Jewel during
the horrors of that stormy morning, nor
is he in a mental condition to talk of his
battle for life.
"I don't want to say much about it,"
said he last evening. "Two shipwrecks
within a few days of each other is more
than one man's share, and, moreover, I
don't want the boys to say I came ashore
and put in my time talking about it. I
don't want to pose aa the one who got the
lion's Bhare of any glory. I got into a
hole, and simply did my best to get out.
But I tell you when I found myself cooped
In that galley with the door Jammed shut i
I gave up the fight. I thought of my wife !
at home In San Francisco and I prayed
for her. I considered myself beyond the
help of even prayer, but I prayed for my
wife. Then I thought of the men, and I
prayed for them too. All my prayers wei% i
answered except the one for poor Billy '
Homo."
lAke the engine-room the galley began :
to fill, and the Imprisoned engineer was
forced high up on a locker, where he
clung. Inch by inch the flood crept up to
him till only the upper part of his body
was above the incoming sea. But the
waters outside were battering and scat- j
tering the wreck. At last the side of the ■
galloy was smashed in and the water j
washed him out on deck. He landed |
close to Home, who was wedged between j
a pile of lumber and the deck. He had :
received more Injuries, being crushed by
the shifting heavy timbers and was help
lees.
Again Peacock went to his rescue, and
•with the assistance of several of the
crew he was extricated from his position. |
They all clung to the wreck, and when j
daylight came all made their way through
the breakers to the shore.
First Officer Charles Sehillinsky took i
the helpless and almost unconscious form '
of Home on his back and literally fought
for both of their lives in the passage .
through the heavy surf to the beach. It
was an heroic struggle and a battle nobly '•
won. but it was in vain, for the crushed \
engineer could not survive his terrible in
junes.
The officers and crew of the lost Jewel
took passage in the Noyo for home and
were acain cast away almost within sight j
of their destination on Duxbury Reef, i
but that may be considered another story.
Home was a native of Scotland, agrd 46.
and unmarried. He lived at the home of
Engineer Peacock, 412 A Bryant street.
At the time Peacock landed from the
wrecked Jewel he was dressed in a few
shreds of a pair of drawers and a portion
of one sleeve of his undershirt. In this
light attire he made his way over the
rocks, his feet lacerated and bleeding,
seeking assistance for Home, who was
then dying on vie beach. When the brave
engineer reached the door of his home
yesterday morning he sat down on the
steps and cried like a child— the first
tears from the man who had two ship
wrecks thrust upon him.
WALES 1 PHYSICIAN
OK CONSUMPTION
Sir William Broadbent Says Consump
tion Is Contagions and Curable
Hot Necessarily Hereditary.
AGREES WITH SLOCUM METHODS
At a Meeting In London the Prince of Wales'
Physician Fully Confirms Dr. Slocum's
Teachings on This Disease.
LONDON, Jan. 17.— A meeting of the
National Society for the Prevention of
Consumption and other forms of Tuber
cular diseases, held at Marlbomugh
House December 20, was presided over
by the Prince of Wales, and addressed
by Lord Salisbury and Btr William
Broadbent, physician to the Prince of
Wales.
Dr. Broadbent adheres to the view
that consumption is not necessarily
hereditary, but a contagious disease,
and is therefore curable by a treatment
which will destroy the germs and build
up the system.
lie thus agrees with Dr. Slocmn in
every particular and his address is a
practical Indorsement of the system of
treatment followed out so successfully
by this well-known practitioner.
Dr. Slocum felt sure, when he first
announced his theory, based on scien
tific experiments and practice, that con
sumption is a germ' disease and not ne
cessarily a hereditary taint, that the
whole medical world would in time ac
knowledge that he was right.
In Sir William Broadbent Dr. Slocum
has an ally who will be of great assist
ance in teaching the people the real
nature of consumption, its prevention
and its cure.
The first thing necessary, as these
two great physicians show, Is the kill
ing of the Kerms of the disease — and
then the strengthening and building up
of the system.
This is Just the theory upon which
the Dr. Slocum New Treatment for
Consumption, Lung Weakness and the
Crip is based. The germs of consump
tion, grip, etc., enter the body through
the nose and mouth in breathing, and
pass down the respiratory canal to the
lungs.
Dr. Slocum's medicines disinfect the
system from the nostrils to- the deepest
passages of the lungs, both by contact
with the mucous membrane and
through the blood, thus killing the
germs. His medicines also furnish food
with which to build up the wasted
tissues, and fortify the system against
renewed attacks of the terrible mi
crobes.
It was announced at this meeting in
London, referred to above, that Wern
her & Beit, the South African finan
ciers and diamond mine owners, had
given $100,000 for the erection of a Sani
tarium for Consumption.
The thousands of Americans who are
using this famous system, and the
thousands who have been cured by it,
will be interested in the fact that the
scientific principles embodied in the Dr.
Slocum's New System of Treatment
have been so highly indorsed by Sir
William Broadbent, the eminent physi
cian to the royal family.
Dr. Slocum's offer to send free medi
cine to sufferers from theße dreadful
germ diseases has at last borne fruit,
and others are beginning to join with
him In the work of ridding the world of
Its greatest and most dangerous
scourge.
He will still continue the distribution
of the three free bottles comprising the
complete course of his new system of
treatment so universally known as a
positive cure for all diseases of throat
and lungs.
Every reader of The Call who has
consumption, grip, weak lungs, catarrh
or any form of lung or throat or bron
chial weakness, or any wasting chronic
complaint, whir sends name and full ad
dress to or calls at The Doctor Slocum
American Laboratories, 96 and 98 Pine
street. New York City, stating that he
read this article in the San Francisco
Cnll will receive these three free bottles
with full instructions for self treatment
and free advice adapted to any case.
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQ
o w PALACE «'I
- o>ijv FJtAivcraco. X
Jf Conneoted by a covered passageway. *■
» 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. «
D . AH Under One Management. Q
0 NOT* TES PRICES: Q
European Flein.il .oo per da/ and upward A
s? Amvrlcon .$3.00 per day and upward M
ft Correspondenc« Solicited. q
q JOES 0. KifisPAraics, simj«s.
S.O OOOOOOOOOCOOOOOrJ
lit Day. 6fc»^^^ ' & feTli B-n B- MA U
t2r«r ioth Day. Si JOIT «. iriiE~S2 Wftlan
VITALIS 20thBs y- *^- JB BCKiEBIV
Flidlll « KS THE ADUTK 30th Day. ElEetl CBI 03 I
RKRtLTS. ltquicklyisurelyremoveaNervcujness.lmpoUnoy,
Nightly EmUsion.', Evil Dream. Wasting Bimatt and all effecti
of self -abuse or rxcm and indiscretion. Restores Lost Vitality
Power and Failing Memory. Wards off In-anity and Con.ump'
V.on Cures i when all others fail. Insist on haTing VITALIS.
no other. Can be carried in the Test pocket. By mail #1.00
gr/Mfamarab for $5.00 with a guarantee to Cure or
Ilrfun4 the Money. Circular Free. Address
'JAMIMET CCKE CO., 884 Dearborn St., Chirac*
Sold by Owl Drug Co., S. F. and Oakland.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodlslne and specific tonic
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
InvlKorator and Nervine. Sells on its - own
Merits; no lons-wlnded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNBT Agents,
323 Market street, S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
_
(Ufa Ohfchcsteys £ne!L«Hi Diamond Brand.
rENHYROYAL. PILLS;
W r-^£*V Original and Only Genuine A.
Drugg'ißt for CkUhtlteri EnnliaS I>:£-/sF\i.
ufcj£jilfrr_. i i nf Brand In Ked ao.l Geld metallic VllßP
*Vv \->T>fiMboie«. aeal9d with blue rihbon. Take VST
7*4 SWi, V>i^no other. Rtfust, dangrrout tubstitv- V
I / — nftioruand imitation*. At Drug^inu, or icnd4*.
Ik .A' In stainpa far rartioulirs, tutlraoalals »n4
I »• MS " Relief lor Ladle*," in Utter, by return
■J\J fir Mali. 20.000 Ti-r-tlmoniali. If mat Paper.
> *" — */^Oltl<ihe«tcr Co.,M ai",tl«i Hqanra.
•aid ay tU Laaal uroseiats. PIIII.A MA.. I'A-
DR.PIERCES
MEDICAL
FOR THE
:> BLOOD. a.BYER < LUNGS.
l^l^*^^^ INJECTION. * C
I A PERMANENT CURE 1
$ of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea ?
C and Gleet, cniaranteed. in from 3 to 6 C
C days ; no outer treatment required. 5
S Sold by all druggists. 5
>/VN/VV>AAAAAArVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVW
MBHpBMIHpHBRHBBn^nHiII^BBKnBIIHRBinBHU^
5 fif fa I I G^^B 5
AMUSEMENTS.
(fflifcrata TH ™
The Original , Re»H
Swedish comedy drama rVwCIU
lON what
YON set
1/nilOnil' "Captured th» town."
Y|||yl||l| -Examiner.
111 11 ill II ! " Ben Hen«rlek« a
I UllUUlll Welded hlt.'-Chront-
cle.
Presented by Ben
Ilendrlcks and a great. "Hat lost nona of Its
cast) * interest."— Call.
Next Monday— A CONTENTED WOMAN.
COLUMBIA^
"HOOT, WON V*
THE MUSIC frank
Is catchy. ■*> JLIX\JIIIV
THE GIRLS DANIELS
are bewitching. UALMUIUiJ
THE COMEDY In *$** & Herbert 1
1 tit WUHCUY : rr(at BUOCeM(
Is hilarious THE
and . • 1 «1 JtL< • .
T!Z££ JDOL'SEYE
ALL THIS WEEK-INCLUDING SUNDAY.
MATINEE SATURDAY
NextWeek-THE WIZARD OF THE NILS
CHILDREN* S HOSPITAL MATINEE TO- DAT
EXTRAORDINARY BILL. EVENING
PRICES.
Doors open 1 p. m. Performance begins I
p. m.
10-NEW VAUDEVILLE MONARCH©— IO
THE FOUR ARBRAS, Musical Acrobats;
THE THREE A.VOLOB, Xylophone Wonders;
MAX CINCINNATI. Comic JuKgler; JOHNNIHJ
CARROLL and ADDIE CRAWFORD, In th«
Comedy, "Opening His Eyes"; GEORGE
EVANS; VOULETTE and CARLOS; BARTON
HILL and CHARLES WILI.ARD, Assisted by
ELLA SOTHERN an.l LUCILA NI'NN;
KRAUSE and ROSA and the "Dutch Picka-
ninnies": PAPINTA. PAPINTA— New Dances;
New Electric Light Effects.
COMEDY THEATER.
Formerly the Popular Bush.
THE LAUGHING SUCCESS OF THE SEASON!
> ALL THIS WEEK.
The Latest and Best of All Comedies,
TWO MARRIED MEN!
BRIM FULL OF SPARKLING WIT.
PRETTY GIRLS.
FUN, MUSIC AND SONG. •
Bring your wives toArr TWO
If you want to laugh I II MIC DTrn
If you are in trouble \|> m BlAnnlllU
If you have the blues ill I MEN!
,If you need a tonic Wl» !■
REMEMBER NEXT SATURDAY MATINEB
Beautiful Doll Souvenirs Given Away.
FAMILY MATINEE SUNDAY.
Prices, 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c. Matinees, only 15«
and 25c. Seats on sale Box Office and Em-
porium. January 23— The favorite play. "TEN-
NESSEE'S PARDNER."
' i
AT rA7AD BIATSBTPHONI
AL,L/AZ*Ai< Main 254.
"CALL" Well Acted and Sta£cd-
THIS WEEK ONLY 1
HOYT'S
A
TEMPERANCE
TOWN!
L. R. STOCKWELL AND GREAT CAST.
as© Jr*rClv--i^C» soo
Next Week "MEN AND WOMEN."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng, Proprietor and MgT.
TO-NIGHT
A TRIUMPH!
THE SUCCESSFUL SCENIC PRODUCTION
OF THE MERRY COMIC OPERA.
The Wedding Day
GREAT OAST ! "
ENLARGED CHORUS.
AUGMENTED ORCHESTRA,
• BEAUTIFUL COSTUMES.
The Strongest Sinking Company In America.
FUN FAST AND FURIOUS.
MATINEE EVERY SATURDAY AT 2 P. M.
POPULAR PRICES 25c and 600
N. B.— A reserved seat for the Matinee, 25c
Our telephone. Bush 9.
...OLYMPIA...
Fddy St.. Cor. Mason.
Only Free Theater on the Coast playing Eastern
Artists.
S— NEW EASTERN STARBS
THE 3 DE BOLIEN BROS.
Acrobats Supreme.
MARIE WOOD .
Soprano.
DRUAIMOND SISTERS
Acrobatic Dancers.
> MAUDE GAGE
Unique Whistler.
Continued Success of the New York Favorlta,
..QUERITA VINCENT.,
New Songs and Dances. '
AND TEN NOVEL ACTS.
MATINEE ADMISSION FREE.
fi=» s~\ 1 r^ ingleside
IT* K>m\J *JL> m TRACK.
••The grandest racing plant In America."—
Chicago Chronicle.
I FIVE OR MORE I
RACES DAILY!
WEDNESDAY — THE BALBOA BOULE-
VARD STAKES. Handicap. Three-year-old*. .
THURSDAY— GENTLEMAN'S RACE FOB
THURSDAY— GENTLEMAN'S RACE FOB
CHALLENGE CUP. Six entries. One mile.
Trains leave Third-street station at 12:45 and
1:15 p. m. Round-trip tickets, 26 cents.
Electric cars on Mission and Kearny street*
every three minutes.
ADMISSION— ONE DOLLAR.
S. N. ANDROUS. President.
F. H. GREEN. Secretary. '
CO2TCEBTS AND RESORTS.
CpUTisAND ZOO! w lll^^*
!>!ANKA, the "Lady of Lions,"
AND A HOST OF NOVELTIES IN THB ;
FREE THEATER.
To-morrow (Thursday) AMATEUR NIGHT.
AMATEUR AMAZON MARCH.
10c, Including Zoo and Theater; Children, Be
steeSTecbase
At CENTRAL PARK.
A HUGE SUCCESS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 1 TO It
EVERYBODY RIDES.
ADMISSION 10. INCLUDING HORSES.
SHERMAN* & CLAY HALL.
THIS AFTERNOON AT 2:30.
Last Concert, Saturday Atternoon. H EL-
MONT, Violinist; IDA SIMMONS, Pianlste;
GRACE PRESTON. Contralto. Prices, fl and
SOc. Seats at Sherman, Clay ft Co.'a.
78
THE PRESIDENT
FEORS AGUINALDO
YET TEMPORIZES
NEW YORK, Jan. 17. — The Washington correspondent of the Herald telegraphs:
Although insisting that every day brings more reassuring advices from General Otis regard
ing the Philippines, there is no question that the authorities are considerably alarmed on ac
count of the attitude of the insurgents.
General Otis reported to-day that several desertions from Aguinaldo's army have oc
curred, and that the natives are returning to their homes. His dispatch was read at the Cab
inet meeting, and, although it indicated that the situation was still serious, it was determined
to continue the "manana" policy, because the natives are accustomed to it, and it may result
in the extension of American control over the islands without conflict.
In defense of this policy it is contended by administration officials that the hands of the
President are absolutely tied until the treaty of peace is ratified. If he had directed General
Miller to take Iloilo, no matter at what cost, it is asserted that the expedition would have
suffered frightful loss, because the insurgents are numerous and well armed, and are intrench
ed behind the fortifications from which they had vainly tried to drive the Spanish troops.
It is asserted that the administration is doing its utmost to secure the ratification of
the treaty of peace, and when this is accomplished the President will use a firm hand in deal
ing with Aguinaldo and bringing the insurgents to terms.
The statement that Spain proposes to recognize the belligerency of the Filipinos is
considered ridiculous by administration officials, and it is stated that there is no apprehension
of such action being taken, though it is known that Aguinaldo has established a junta in
Madrid, which is using its best efforts to obtain such recognition.
THE PARIS TREATY
WILL BE RATIFIED
NEW YORK, Jan. 17.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent sends the
following:
Fnr the ratification of the peace
treaty, 60.
Against the ratification of the peace
. 26.
Doubtful. 5.
Senators fur ratification— Aldrlch, Al
ien, Allison, Baker, Burrows, But-
Cannon, Carter, Chandler, Clark,
Clay, t'ullom, Davis, Dubois El
kins, Fairbanks, Faulkner, Fora
ker, Five, Gallinger, Gear, Gray,
Hanna, Hansbrough, Hawley, Heit-
Kenney, Kyle, Lindsay, Lodge,
Mcßride, McMillan, Mantle, Martin,
Mason, Money, Morgan, Nelson, Pen
rose, Perkins, Pettus, Platt of Connec
ticut, Platt of New York, Pritchard,
Proctor, Quay, Rose, Sewell, Shoup,
Simon. Spooner, Stewart, Sullivan, Tel
ler, Tburston, Warren, Wellington,
Wetmore, Wilson and Wolcott.
' Senators against ratification — Bacon,
Bate, Berry, Caffery, Chilton, Cockrell,
Gorman. Hale, Hoar, Jones of Arkan
sas, Jones of Nevada, McEnerny, Mc-
Laurin, Mallory, Mills, Mitchell, Mur
phy, Pascoe, Pettigrew, Rawlins, Smith,
TiHman, Turley, Turpie, Vest and
Whiti
PEACE VICTORY
IN THE ARCTIC
Recognizes the Men of
the Bear.
MEDALS AND GOLD COIN
SPECIAL MESSAGE SENT BY THE
PRESIDENT.
Congress Asked to Recognize the
Men Wlio Scored a Triumph
in the Ways of
Peace.
6i)<?clal Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 17.— President
McKinley to-day sent a message to
Congress recounting as "another
glorious page In the history of Ameri
can seamen" the valorous deeds of the
officer* and men of the revenue cutter
Bear in rescuing the imperiled whaling
fleet in the Arctic waters last year. The
President tells of the fitting out of the
expedition under Captain Francis Tut
tle of the revenue cutter service, the
dangers and difficulties of the trip and
of the overland expedition by which
First Lieutenant David H. Jarvis,
SfK-ond Lieutenant Ellsworth P. Ber
tholf and Dr. Samuel J. Call carried
reindeer to meet the wants of the whal
ers temporarily. After a graphic re
cital of the perils encountered the mes
sage adds:
The hardships and perils encountered by
members of the overland expedition
In their great journey through an al
most uninhabited region, a barren waste
c and snow, facing death Itself every
day for nearly four months, over a route
never before traveled by white men, with
no r> cugc but at the end of the journey,
ring relief and cheer to seventy-live
distressed citizens of our country, all
m;.ki' a gloi;ous page in the history of
American seamen. They reflect by their
Ie and gallant struggle the highest
credit upon themselves and the Govern
ment which they faithfully served. I
commend the heroic crew to the grateful
consideration of Congress and the Amer
ican people.
. - The year just closed has been fruitful
of nni.i. achievements in the field of war,
and while 1 have commended to your con
j 'ation the names of heroes who have
istre upon the American name In
valorous contests and battles by land and
it is no less my pleasure to invite
your .mention to the victory of peace,
the results of which cannot w : ell be mag
inii' d, and the dauntless courage of the
men engaged stamp them as true heroes,
whose services cannot pass unrecognized.
The Prosidont concludes by asking
the thanks of Congress to the officers
men of the party, with gold medals
■■: honor to those of the overland ex
pedition and $L'f>oo for the bestowal of
rewards to W. T. Lupp and the native
herders who aided the relief expedition.
ALASKAN MAIL SERVICE.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 17.-The Postofflce
Department to-day made a contract with
the Pacific Steam Whaling Company,
with offices at San Francisco, for mail
tervice along the Southern Alaskan coast
from Sitk.-i to Unalaska, including all In
termediate points. The distance Detween
polnta la IMO miles, and every point
n thnt j-tretch will now have a monthly
Ice during the entire year. The pres
?nt contract is supplementary to existing
service not now applicable to all points,
md is extremely important, in view of the
Ibllity of securing in connection with
t an overland route to the Yukon, wholly
vithin United States territory.
Doubtful— Daniel, Harris, Martin,
Roach and Turner.
Several advocates of the peace treaty
have made a personal canvass of the
Senate, and the poll above is the result.
Impatient over the temporizing policy
of the President, and alarmed over the
threatening situation in the Philippines,
Senator "Davis proposes to make the
fight of his life for prompt ratification
of the treaty, and after the Nicaraguan
canal bill is out of the way to-morrow
will insist upon continuous executive
sessions until a vote is reached.
An effort was made to-day by Demo
cratic leaders In the Senate to make a
party question of the peace treaty with
a view to binding members of the mi
nority to vote solidly against ratifica
tion. Five Senators, Gray of Delaware,
Morgan and Pettus of Alabama, Faulk- |
ncr erf West Virginia, and Lindsay of'
Kentucky, openly declared their inten
tion of voting for the ratification of the
treaty in its present form. These Sena
tors did not attend the caucus held in
the President's room on the Senate side
of the Capitol. Senator Clay of Geor
gia also declined to attend, saying he
was opposed to making a party ques
tion of the treaty and preferred to re
main free to vote as his convictions
may dictate when the roll is called.
The caucus, conference or whatever it
| may be called, was organized and con
-1 ducted under the supervision of Sena
tors Gorman of Maryland, Vest of Mis
souri. Jones nf Arkansas, White of Cal
ifornia and Caffery of Louisana.
The caucus committee took possession
of the President's room and Democratic
Senators were invited individually to
EAGAN TO BE TRIED
BY COURT-MARTIAL
WASHINGTON, Jan. 17.— President McKinley announced to the
Cabinet at its regular meeting to-day that he had determined to court
martial General Eagan. Secretary Alger was not present at the Cabi
net meeting, but Adjutant General Corbin was at the White House in
conference with the President on the subject just prior to the session.
Just prior to the Cabinet meeting General Miles made rather an un
usual call upon two members, Secretaries Hay and Long. He had Just
returned to the city from New York, and when spoken to with refer
ence to the Eagan case adhered to his original declaration that this was
not a time for him to act, if he should act at all, leaving the implica
tion that if the commission did not act or the administration It would
be time for him to take some steps.
The President explained to the Cabinet that he had decided to or
der a courtmartial to try Commissary General Eagan for the abusive
and violent language he had used respecting Major General Nelson A.
Miles while on the witness stand. Ever since the sensational event the
President has been carefully deliberating over the matter and has had
frequent consultations with army officers and others regarding the
steps that should be taken, for he was convinced at the outset that
the question for consideration was what action should be taken and
not whether any disciplinary measures at all should be had. A deter
mination to take some action was vigorously expressed at the last
Cabinet meeting, but the President reserved his final decision.
General Eagan today filed with the commission an amended state
ment omitting all the objectionable statements he had applied to Gen
eral Miles. Eagan will be relieved from duty and probably put under
arrest to-morrow.
SAN JOSE BONDS
LONG OVERDUE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 17.— Now that the
deadlock between Mayor Martin and the
City Council over the selection of a City
Treasurer promises to last some time
the holders of city bonds which be
came due nine days ago are becoming
anxious for their money. Bonds and
Interest amounting to $36,000 were pay
able on January 9. Yesterday the Gar
den City Bank made a demand on
Mayor Martin for the payment of many
thousands of dollars of these bonds.
City Attorney Beasley, when asked for
an opinion as what course could be
pursued in case the deadlock continued
indefinitely, said something must be
done at once. He said that unless a
Treasurer were selected immediately
the holders of delinquent city bonds
would begin suit against the city and
a.«k for a receiver to take hold of the
city treasury and carry out the obli
gations of the city. In order to avert
this it was necessary to act at once.
Beasley said the appointment of a re
ceiver would cost from $250 to $2000.
The Council chamber was crowded
this afternoon at the hour set for
Mayor Martin to name a man for
Treasurer. All members of the Coun
cil were present. As soon as the meet
ing was called to order Mayor Martin
again submitted the name of Joseph F.
Colombet. For the fourth time the
Council refused to confirm Colombet.
Noes — Macauley, Miner, Rogers and
Spring. . Aye— Wright.
This broke the coldness that had per
vaded the meeting up to this time and
a flow of oratory broke loose from all
quarters. Miner Inquired if the Mayor
were going to continue to present Co
lombet's name day after day. The
question was ignored. Miner said he
and three others had signed a commun
ication stating their objection to Co
lombet and if he changed his position
now "he would be either a fool or a
liar, and he would allow no one to place
him In that position."
Mayor Martin said they could give
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI^L, Wju jjjn jj:su AX , JANUARY 18, 1899.
"step into the anti-expansion parlor."
There was a constant ingoing and out
coming for more than an hour, and
during that period the Democratic
strength against the treaty was pretty
accurately located. It is said that sev
eral members besides Senator Clay
questioned the wisdom of making a
party question of the treaty. One of
the Democrats who announced his in
tention to vote for the treaty informed
me that the President proposes to call
an extra session of Congress for March
I<"> should the treaty fail of ratification
during this session. Under the cir
cumstances, this Senator argued, it
would be foolhardy for the Democratic
party to put itself on record as delay
ing action on the treaty of peace, which
must be eventually ratified. The friends
of the treaty are more confident than
ever now that they have an assured
strength of two-thirds of the Senate in
favor of the treaty.
THE GERMAN PRESS
WANTS FAIR PLAY
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by Jamea Gor
don Bennett.
BERLIN, Jan. 17.— The Kolnische
Zeitung, commenting upon the dispatch
denying that the Germans are con
spiring to support the Tagallos, says:
"For the first time in the American
press a word has been said in favor of
Germany. Let us hope this is only the
beginning of a policy of fairness."
no reason for voting against Colombet,
who was a competent and fit person to
fill the place of Treasurer.
The question of paying the city bonds
then came up. The Mayor said if the
Council would pass a resolution em
powering the City Clerk, City Attor
ney and himself to pay the bonds he
would take the responsibility of open
ing thp safe and paying the bonds.
Mayor Martin declined to «£er a con
ference with the Councllmen, as he said
it would be of no purpose.
Council then adjourned till to-mor
row afternoon.
PARNELLITES LOSE
IN IRISH ELECTIONS
DUBLIN, Jan. 17.— Judging from the
results already known at midnight the
Irish elections to-day have been re
markable for the success of the la
borers and the waning power of Par
nellism. The new feature Is that women
were allowed to vote for the first time.
In Dublin the representation of labor
has been quadrupled, while the Parnell
ites have secured little more than half
their former strength, although, owing
to internal dissensions in John Red
mond's party, it is rather difficult to
give an accurate estimate. Mr. Red
mond himself has been elected for one
ward, but he did not head the poll, and
therefore misses the aldermanship.
Timothy Harrington, member of Par
liament for the Harbor Division of
Dublin, is in the same boat, having
been topped by a new laborite.
In Cork the Parnellites have done
better, but they have failed to retain
their former ascendancy, having now
only a majority of one over the Dlllon
ites, while the laborltes have secured
nine members.
However, wherever the Issue was be
tween a Parnellite and an anti-Parnell
ite, and the question was squarely
fought, the Parnellites were victorious.
Speaking generally, there Is an increase
of Nationalist power, but nothing like
a rigorous exclusion of Unionists.
Cuba Now a Paradise.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS, Jan. 17.— The Siecle publishes a
letter from Cuba In which the writer con
trasts Cuba under American rule with
what it was under Spanish control. The
writer says it Is paradise and 1b not more
nor less than a Klondike.
JOURNALIST AND
DIPLOMATIST DEAD
HON. JOHN RUSSELL YOUNG.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 17.— John Russell Young, librarian of the Congres
sional Library, died at his residence here at 5:45 o'clock this morning after
an illness of several weeks.
Ho was born in Downington, Chester County, Pa., November 20, 1841. He
was educated in the public schools of Philadelphia and Now Orleans. He secured
a place on the Philadelphia Press in 1857 as copy boy. When John W* Forney
came to Washington in 1861 to become secretary of the Senate he brought along
Young.
While acting as Forney's private secretary Mr. Young continued his writings
to the Philadelphia Press. By his description of the first battle of Bull Run h«
won his spurs as a graphic war correspondent. He followed the Army of the
Potomac to the end of the Chickahominy campaign. In 1864 he accompanied
General Nathaniel P. Banks on the Red River expedition.
He had contributed to the New York Tribune, and his pleasing style attract
ed the attention of Horace Greeley, with the result that in 1566 Young became
managing editor of the paper. At that time he was only 25 years old.
Young was in Paris during the days of the commune, which he has graphi
cally described, and he accompanied General Grant in his tour of the world.
President Arthur made him Minister to China, and President McKinley named
him in 1597 as Librarian of Congress.
HIY-NI CLUB
AT THE CAPITAL
Formed by Sacramento
Women.
Scecial Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 17.— A number
j of well-known women in this city have
formed a social organization to be
known as the "Club of "99," for the
purpose of affording entertainment to
the wives and daughters of the legis
lators and State officers who are spend
ing the winter at the capital. It is
' proposed to hold several receptions, the
! first of which will take place at Forest
ers' Hall to-morrow afternoon. A fine
■ orchestra will render music, while ex
! pert caterers will provide a supper.
; Mrs. Henry T. Gage, wife of the Gov
i ernor, has accepted an invitation to
• be present and assist in the reception.
In connection with this organized ef
fort to make the sojourn of the wives
of legislators and State officers pleas
ant, several women prominent in social
circles have arranged to hold recep
tions at their homes in honor of the
fair visitors to the capital. The first
of these was held to-day at the home of
Mrs. Ed It. Hamilton, and it was a not
able society event. Another such re
ception will be held this week at the
home of Dr. and Mrs. G. L. Simmons.
The Club of '99 is supported entirely
by the contributions of the ladies who
comprise it, and members of the fair
sex are only admitted to the receptions.
The officers and members of the
club are the following:
President, Mrs. A. J. Johnston ; secretary,
Mrs. C K. McClatchy; treasurer, Mrs. Ed
H. McKee.
Executive committee— Mrs. Ed R. Ham
ilton, Mrs. Lewellyn Tnzer, Mrs. J. O.
Coleman, Mrs. H. E. Wright, Mrs. C. K.
McClatchy.
Reception committee — Mrs. William
Beckman, Mrs. F. Blewener, Mrs. F.
Birdsall, Mrs. A. P. Booth, Mrs. Louis
Brouner, Mrs. W. A. Brings, Mrs. A. J.
Bruner, Mrs. C. E. Burnham, Mrs. J.
Frank Clark, Mrs. George H. Clark, Mrs.
G. B. N. Clow, Mrs. J. O. Coleman, Mrs.
W. P. Coleman, Mrs. Frank L. Coombs,
Mrs. W. K. Cothrln. Mrs. B. R. Crocker,
Mrs. C. H. Cummings.
Membership list— Mesdames William
Beckman, F. Biewener, F. Birdsall, A. P.
Booth, Louis Breuner, W. A. Brlggs, A.
J. Bruner, C. E. Burnham, J. Frank
Clark, George H. Clark, G. B. N. Clow,
J. O. Coleman, W. P. Coleman, Frank L.
Coombs. W. K. Cothrln, B. R. Crocker,
C. H. Cummings, R. T. Devlin, W. H.
Devlin, C. F. Dillman, F. R. Dray, F. A.
Edlnger, R. D. Finnic E. F. Frazer, W.
H. Govan, John Gerber, Herman Grau,
T. B. Hall. E. W. Hale, E*d R. Hamilton,
W. J. Hassett, Eugene S. Hadley, R. H.
Hawley, J. H. Heitman. Frank Hlckman,
J. W. Hughes, A. J. Johnston, Grove L.
Johnson, M. F. Johnson, C. H. Joy,
George B. Katzenstein.C. Kaufman, W.
D. Knights, H. M. La Rue, Gus Laven
son. L. L. Lewis. C. K. McClatchy. V.
S. McClatchy, Charles McCleary, Ed H.
McKee, Lachlan A. McLean, L. Meblus,
Frank Miller. J. Henry Miller, G. M.
Mott, J. H. Moynihan, L. A. Nickell, E.
B. Osier, R. L. Peeler, W. M. Petrie, J.
H Pond, W. W. Seaman, T. W. Sheehan,
William Skeels, Joseph Steffens, R. D.
Stephens, B. U. Stelnman, George Taylor,
F. F. Tebbets, J. E. Terry. W. E. Terry,
L. Tozer. H. Thorpe, H. Weinstock, W. F.
W r lard. H. C. Wolfe, H. E. Wright, H. E.
Yardley. ___________
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
War Department Submits Estimates
for River Improvements in
California.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 17.— According to
a report sent to Congress by the War De
partment to-day the proposed improve
ments of the Sacramento River include
the construction of a dam located three
miles east of Stockton, and a canal 150
feet wide at the bottom and 24.850 feet
long thence to the north branch of Cala
vcras River. The estimates include the
cost of dredging, purchase of right of
way, changes of grades of highways and
bridges and dredging in Mormon and
Stockton channels, aggregating $255,016.
Major Heuer recommends that the city
of Stockton should be required to sujp
ply free to the Government the right of
way necessary for the proposed diverting
of the channel. The lower reaches of
Calaveras River are so flat that sedi
ment is there deposited to such an extent
that the Government has expended many
thousands of dollars annually dredging it
out, and had great difficulty finding Btore
age capacity for dredging materiaL. To
divert this silt it Is proposed to construct
the dam and canal and enlarge Cala
veras River. The total cost of the pro
posed Improvements would be a capital
ization of a yearly expenditure of 3 per
cent.
By direction of the Secretary of War, a
board of officers Is appointed to meet at
the call of the president thereof at the
Presidio of San Francisco for examination
of such officers as may be ordered be
fore it to determine their litness for pro
motion. Detail for the board: Lieuten
ant Coloney Henry Wagner, Fourth
United States Cavalry; Major Edward B.
Mbsely, surgeon United States army;
Major David H. Kinzie, Third United
States Artillery; Captain Henry C. Danes,
Third United States Artillery; Captain
Isaac P. Ware, assistant surgeon United
States army; First Lieutenant David J.
Rumbough, adjutant Third United States
Artillery, recorder.
First Lieutenant John M. Neal, Fourth
United States Cavalry, will report in per
son without delay to Lieutenant Colonel
Wagner, president of the board, for ex
amination as to his fitness for promo
tion.
Surgeon Charles H. Andrews. United
State-s army, is relieved from further duty
at Huntsville, Alabama, and will proceed
to San Francisco and report to the com
manding general, Department of Califor
nia, to accompany the troops on the first
transport sailing for Manila, where, on
his arrival, he will report to the com
manding general, Department of the Pa
cific, for assignment to duty.
Erntst E. Peterson, Hospital Corps, now
at Manila, will be discharged from the
service of the United States.
Claude E. Cooper, Hospital Corps, Ma
nila, will be discharged.
Pensions for Calif ornians: Original-
George H. Kellogg, Oakland, $6; Hiram
Housel. Los Angeles, $6. Increase— John
S. Hodgson, Tropico, $25 to $27; Charles
B. Christen, San Francisco, $8 to $10. Re
issue—Victor Henri Richit, Presidio, $17.
Washington: Original: Daniel L. Mil
ler, Tacoma, $8.
ONE NEW CASE OF
SMALLPOX REPORTED
James Holgerman Quarantined by
the Los Angeles Health
Department.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 17.— One new
case of smallpox was added to-day to
the cases known to exist. It is that of
James Holgerman, whose brother con
ducts the Red Star grocery, 307 East
Seventh street. The store has been
quarantined. The case is regarded as
a critical one, and the fact that it was
not promptly reported causes much
anxiety in the Health Office. Stringent
measures have been taken by the offi
cials of the Health Department to pre
vent a spread of the disease, which was
first brought to the city by a gang of
Mexican laborers employed on railroad
construction work. Several cases are
in the pesthouse. and others are quar
intined in their houses.
The society queen, Mrs. Dr. Carl
Kurtz, has recovered and been dis
charged from the pesthouse.
The official order issued by the
School Board commanding compulsory
vaccination of children has evoked
much criticism. The full extent of the
opposition to the order requiring all
school children to undergo vaccination
or be excluded from the public schools
after the 23d inst. will be determined
to-morrow night at Music Hall at a
called mass-meeting.
Shafter Nears San Francisco.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 17.— General
Shafter, with Captain McKittrick and
other members of his staff, passed
through the city to-night en route to
San Francisco, where the general will
relieve General Merriam of command
of the Department of California.
Will Hold the Dunham Suspect.
BURLINGTON, lowa, Jan. 17.— The
time of Prisoner Ed Smith, held here on
suspicion of being Dunham, will ex
pire to-morrow. He will be arrested on
a technicality and held as long as pos
sible to await results from San Jose. '
Surprised the Controller. .
SACRAMENTO, Jan.
Commissioners to the Hamburg Exposi
tion, who were gTanted $6000 to make thel*
exhibit, surprised the State Controller to
day by returning $31 52. The Commission
ers were: Henry F. Fortman, J. A.
Fetcher and Robert Hector.
A COALING STATION
ON MISSION ROCK
The President Has Taken Steps to
Turn Over the Property to the
Navy Department.
NEW YORK, Jan. 17.— A 'Washington special to the Herald says:
President McKlnley has overruled the action of California in selling
Mission Rock, in the bay of San Francisco, to a private corporation,
and by executive order has turned the territory over to the Navy De
partment for use as a coaling station. It is understood that the Navy
Department will take steps to condemn the property of the corporation_
and that a recommendation -will then be submitted to Congress for an
appropriation for the construction of coal sheds which will accommodate ;
150,000 tons of coal.
This action of the President is the result of a recommendation made '
by Commander R. B. Bradford, chief of the Bureau of Equipment, j
which was approved by Secretary Long, pointing out the value of Mis- ,
sion Rock, and asking its transfer to the naval service. The Presi- '
dent directed the Secretary of the Navy to look into the title of the cor- 1
poration, and this was found to be defective because the State has no ,
jurisdiction beyond tide water.
The company has improved the rock by the erection of buildings (
and piers and it is expected that it will charge the Government a high
price for the property, especially as it will lose what it paid for the rock. ;
At Commander Bradford's suggestion, the amount of coal to be
stored at Honolulu will be increased to 20,000 tons. At present all coal <
shipped to the Asiatic station is sent from the Atlantic Coast, but as j
soon as the Mission Rock transfer is completed, it is thought that ship
ments will be made from that point. S
PLENTY OF BIRDS
BUT POOR COVER
Bakersfield Field Trials
Unsatisfactory.
DOGS ARE IN GOOD FORM
DEBBY CONTESTS NEARING THE
FINISH.
But for the Lack of Suitable Ground
the Contests Would Be Unusu
ally Close and Inter
esting.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
BAKERSFIELD, Jan. 17.— Members
| of the Pacific Coast Field Trials Club and
I their guests took an early start this
morning for the second day's contests
at the Stockdale grounds.
The third brace in the first series of
the derby were set down at the Stock
dale ranch at 8 o'clock. As on Mon
day, birds were very plentiful and
cover exceedingly sparse, making the
trials unsatisfactory. The poor cov«r
is attributed to lack of sufficient rains
during the past season. A sufficient
number of birds. for good contests are
found only in the morning because they
take to the dense undergrowth along
the river during the latter part of the
day. The contests to-day were un
eventful. The first series of the derby
was finished, and all but one brace of
the second series run.
The following dogs won In the first
series and were matched for the second
series in the derby: Romeo vs. Vals
mark, Ashbury vs. Merry Heart, Glad
star vs. Veronacal. The latter brace
will be run early to-morrow morning
at Stockdale.
After deciding the Derby stake the
all-aged stakes will be run. The en
trance fee to this stake is $10. The
dogs entered and matched are as fol
lows: Alex C vs. Senator; Fannie G
vs. Countess Glenbeigh; Orion vs.
Sambo, Count Harold vs. Cuba of Ken
wood. This stake is still open to dogs
in the derby. The derby winner will
probably be entered to-morrow morn
ing after the finish.
The club now intends running the all
age stake to-morrow, and the finals on
Thursday, concluding the meet on Fri
day with the Champion stakes. The
remainder of the contests will be run
as rapidly as possible, on account of
the unsatisfactory conditions.
Everything so far has been perfectly
harmonious. George W. Richards and
J. M. Kilgari judge all contests and
give splendid satisfaction. The weather
conditions to-day were perfect and
promise to remain so the entire week.
The dogs are in good form, and every
thing favors close contests except the
cover. __^ -
Forger Held for Trial.
ANDERSON. Jan. 17.— Fred Nelson, the
forger, arrested at Cottonwood a few days
ago, was bound over to appear before the
Superior Court. Nelson forged Attorney
T. G. Matlock's name to a check and
passed it on E. G. Carter, a merchant of
Cottonwood.
HERE IS POWER.
No matter what doctors call your
&jfflbL/i JA, \ trouble, it Is there because some
%ralijra jjrm, \ organ is weak— nature needs help.
t — \ y^P^iir GiVe il to her> and there need not
k — -^JBi^ JT be a Pain nor any sisn of weaknes s
V. iSfc-'^V- Nfc^-v. I&M**' In your body. Reason this out. A
\ *^«v % .<^mJ\ little thinking on this line may
\^ W'} SaVe you lots of money in doctor
y- jßy &» bills - You want new strength in
•J&&L, P» w*J your nerves not drugs in your
M^g&jj w^V^ stomach. My Dr. Sanden Electric
V ] \ Belt does the work.
• Jk L-Jk- \ ELECTRICITY. That at '° Xl
#.fi tLLUInIUIII. great vital
&W*jr \ 1 power. It Is the force that makes
[Af^ ' ■ \. 1 men feel brlght ' youthful and am-
fci %t\ bitious. I give it to you from my
[vm \ \ • Electric Belt, which is worn while
\W ml y ° U sleep> and fills y° ur system
Jlf tQI. - with its invigorating power. You
r^.c^ 8 l "* r< * F&>^ wake up refreshed, and with con-
\Jf^ fidence and courage. ' You feel like
a man, and you are.
RFAnMYRnni^ " Three Classes of Men " It is free. It tells how
n EiMU mi DUUIV strength is restored, and gives hundreds of letters
from men who have been cured. I will send It, closely sealed, free, upon
request. Call and see it if you can. Consultation free, or write to
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin *— — — -*
7C2 Market Street. Corner Ketrny, San Francisco. NftT IN FIRHG QTHQEC
Office hours. Ba.m.to 8 p. m.; Sunday.. 10 " Ul .*" U !!ll° •»Un».
to 1. Branches at Los Angeles, Cal., 232 Weet Dr Sunii^n 1 . tti<,^^« -a m
Mo"W h T lsain^tre M et In ""^ M ° at - 11 ' aBent<> '
DIXON CLEVERLY
MASTERS PLUTO
Fight Ends in the Tenth
Round.
KNOCK-OUT BLOW DELIVERED
SOUTH AFRICAN NO MATCH FOR
THE AMERICAN.
From Start to Finish O'Rourke's Pro
tege Has the Foreigner Com
pletely at His
Mercy.
Soeclal Dlßpatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 17.— Again George
Dixon proved his cleverness and hard
hitting ability to-night at the Lenox
Athletic Club, where he met and de
feated young Pluto of South Africa, in
the tenth round of what was to have
been a twenty-round bout. The knock
out came in the shape of a left swing
in the stomach which crushed the wind
out of the latest arrival among the
short haired fraternity in this coun-
try.
Pluto was heralded as a world beater
by his friends, but although he is very
clever in defensive work and undoubt
edly game, he was never dangerous.
Dixon soon battered down the Afri
can's guard and early in the fight dem
onstrated that he was Pluto's master.
As the rounds passed Pluto's strength
was fast ebbing, while Dixon showed
no signs of distress, but on the con
trary seemed to gain renewed energy
and forced his opponent all over the
ring. He rained lefts and rights on
head and body, receiving only an oc
casional blow in return. In the ninth
round he should have knocked his man
out, as the opportunity presented itself
for a right swing on the jaw. Dixon
did not try to take advantage of this
chance, as he plainly saw that Pluto
could not go much further and he was
right in so judging.
Pluto looked weary when he came up
for the tenth round. Dixon sent four
lefts to the face and a right to the
head. Then, with a left on the stom
ach and a right on the jaw, Dixon
floored his opponent. Pluto got up in
side of three seconds, when Dixon be
gan to rush him all over the ring, land
ing lefts and rights at will on the
body. Pluto was unable to guard him
self, and after Dixon had pummeled
him into his corner, Dixon let him out
only to go after him with a finishing
blow, a left swing on the pit of tho
stomach, which put Pluto down an(l
out. Pluto lay on his back for nearly
twenty seconds, and then his seconds
jumped into the ring and carried him to
his corner.
Although Dlxon cannot hit as hard ng
formerly, his wonderful cleverness
still stands by him, and it looks now as
if he would be able to hold his r.wn
against all comers for a long time to
come.
Gold Coming From Sydney.
SYDNEY, N. S. W., Jan. 17.— The
Oceanic Steamship Company's vessel
Monawai, which sailed to-day for San
Francisco, carries 450,000 sovereigns.
ADVERTISEMENTS.WILL TELL THE
STORY OF HER
LOVE FOR COOK
Mrs. Walters Decides to Withhold
Nottyog Bearing on tfye Napa
Murder Case.
NAP A, Jan. 17.— When Mrs. Jesse
.Walters goes on the witness stand she
will answer every question that is not
held to be immaterial, irrelevant or in
competent. She will tell the truth and
: the whole truth. No fact will be con
;■_' cealed, not even her former relations
with Alfred Cook, the man slain, and
.supposedly murdered in the box stall
::. McKenzie's stable by Jesse Walters
• Tim.- Attorney Beerstecher, en-
I In the defense of Walters and
. McKenzie, mill Mrs. Walters would be
•1 by his counsels and would de
to answer certain questions on
; ' the ground that they might incrimi
her, he stated what he believed to
Since then, however, cir
cumstances have effected a change. It
. w ;u« generally supposed, and had even
been announced, that F. E. Johnston
: had been retained for the defense of
• Walters. Such is not the case. There
a consultation between Jesse Wal
and Attorney Johnston, during
•which overtures were made to John
" ■ up the case of Walters,
. but for reasons not divulged Johnston
■ 1 to enter Walter's services.
Johnston has for many years been
Mrs. Walters' personal attorney. When
■ his attention was called to th^ state
ment of Beerstecher, as published in
■The Call, he declared there was a mis
take in it so far as Mrs. Walters was
•• concerned.
"Mrs. Walters Is my client." saia
nston," and has been for year?. If
•■ ;■ ■■ to be '•..ntm' 1
> think sh^ will, she will
the nd tell everythnig she
knows about it. She will not attempt
PERSONNEL BILL
PASSES THE HOUSE
The Navy Men Win
Their Fight.
NEW FEATURES ADDED
WELDING LINE AND ENGINEER
CORPS.
Old Men Will Be Retired to Make
Room for the Young
sters on the
List.
Bpoolal Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 17.— The House
y passed the naval personnel bill
without division on the final passage,
thus accomplishing what the officers of
the navy have striven for during more
than a decade. By its prfivisions the
:nd the engineer corps are welded
into an amalgamated line, staff officers
are given positive rank, but their com
mand is limited to th^ir own corps and
a Bystem of voluntary agreed compul
sory retirement on threo-quarters pay;
..: the n.-xt higher rank forty offi
a year is established, which is de
signed to remove the congestion in the
■ rank at forty-five. The bill also
practically • qualizes their pay with
that of army officers. Three impor
tant amendments were adopted. One
creates n judge advocate corps; an
other abolishes prize money and a third
provides for the retirement on three
quarters pay ol enlisted men and petty
is in the navy after thirty years 1
service. But the most important
change in the bill as reported was the
i ion, after a hard fight, of a sub.
stitute for the organization of the ma
rine corps, by which the corps is to
0 unlisted men and petty
officers, with general officers and staff.
This will Increase the marine corps by
}?/i0 men and increase the cost of Its
maintenance (1,500,000. Several unim
■:t bills were passed by unanimous
eonspnt before the personnel bill was
takon up.
FIRST VOTE REACHED
ON THE CANAL BILL
WASHINGTON, Jan. 17.— Almost the
■entire session of the Senate to-day
was devoted to consideration of the
pending Nicaragua canal bill. At 3
o'clock consideration of the bill under
the fifteen-minute rule was begun and
i etitinued to the close of the ses
sion.
Thf> first vote reached was on an
(fered by Rawiins of
Utah, which in brief provides that the
United States Bhould have absolute
control of the canal for military or
POSTUM CEREAL.
A SEASIDE EXPERIENCE.
Little Quiet Joke on the Family.
While we were at the seaside last
summer I sprung a little experiment on
Try family. I noticed that husband
and the children wore all lacking in
energy and go, and something seemed
■": wrong with them.
W<- bad been using coffee every morn-
Ing, and it gradually dawned upon me
that perhaj .; this was the cause.
Without anything, I bought a
•■ ;: package of the Postum Food Coffee and
•having bec-n warned to look out and
;.. sea that it was properly made, I gave
my own special attention to It. For
about a week we used it and not one
f the family knew but what they were
...drinking the best coffee. When I fln-
. ally told them that it was Postum my
husband laughed and said, "Let us con-
.tinue on the Postum. I have been
f'Vling very much better for the past
week and didn't exactly know why."
The difference in the whole family is
very marked, and you can imagine 1
can recommend Postum with good
grace and much pleasure. Mrs. Alice
E. Scarlett, Yolo, Yolo Co., Cal.
to hold back anything, and so talk her
self into jail, as McKenzie did."
"Will she testify that she asked Mc-
Kenzie to give employment to Cook?"
was asked.
"McKenzie swore that she did. But
even if she did it is nonsense for the
prosecution to suppose that she was a
conscious party to a conspiracy to kill
the man with whom, she is credited
with having been in love. Would it
not be natural for a woman under such
circumstances to endeavor to have the
man she loved near her? You know
a woman will do and dare almost any
thing in such a case."
"The prosecution claims to have In
its possession a letter written by Mrs.
Walters to Cook in reference to em
ployment with McKenzie. Do you know
if she wrote «uch a letter?"
"If she did the letter will speak for
itself. If it is produced In evidence
she will not deny having written It, if
she wrote it."
"Will she avoid answering any ques
tions on the ground that her answers
might incriminate her, as stated by At
torney Beerstecher?"
"Xo, sir; decidedly not. She will an
swer every question."
"Will .«he not seek to defend her hus
band?"
"I can only say that if she follow*
my advice she will give full and truth
ful answers to every question, except
those that have no actual bearing on
the merits of the issue."
Walters' condition is so much im
proved that he will appear in court to
morrow morning for arraignment, as
will ex-Sheriff MoKenzle. The pro
ceedings will be held before Justice of
the Peace Bradford. The preliminary
hearing will also then be fixed and will
probably be set for Monday next.
naval purposes, with power to dictate
the use of the waterway during the
• xistence of war. The friends of the
pending bill rallied against the amend
ment and it was defeated by the de
cisive vote of 38 to 9.
A provision was inserted in the bill
providing that no more than five mil
lion dollars should be paid the Mari
time Canal Company for its conces
sion and work already done on the
canal.
■When adjournment was taken the
substitute measure offered by Caffery
of Louisiana was before the Senate.
THE PANAMA CANAL
PEOPLE ARE HEARD
WASHINGTON, Jan. 17.— The new
Panama Canal Company was given a
hearing to-day before the House Com
mittee on Commerce. The hearing was
in accordance with a recent determina
tion of the committee to hear all per
sons concerned in an isthmian canal.
The Panama delegation included Gen
eral Henry L. Abbott, United States
Corps of Engineers, retired; Louis
Choron, chief engineer of the company;
Mr. Bayard, commercial representative,
and Messrs. Cromwell, Curtis and
! Brown, as well as a number of techni
| cal experts of the company. Professor
I Haupt of the Nicaragua Canal Commis
sion was also present.
In the opening statement Mr. Crom
; well summed up the Panama project as
j follows:
As nearly one-half the work of excava
tion is computed the harbors at the ter
mini are nan; rally open and free to entry
by vessels of the largest draught; there
is an existing railroad parallel to the ca
nal an.l vastly expediting the work of
construction; the concessions, titles and
solvency of the company are unquestion
able. Over 3000 men, with a force of 150
engineers, have been for four years and
;ire now actually engaged on the work.
The United States had by treaty with
Colombia entered into special guarantees
respecting a canal across the Isthmus of
Panama, and as all this work has been
done and will be completed without the
cost "f a penny to the United States we
have a right to assume that the Panama
canal i« a necessary, if not the control
ling factor, in the solution of the isthmian
canal problem.
After the details of the scheme had
been set forth, there was sharp cross
examinatiun, developing considerable
acrimony on both sides, during which
the Panama people said De Lesseps'
victims would be paid eventually from
surplus earnings, claimed neither
France nor any American railway was
behind th-- project and denied that they
were seeking to block the Nicaragua
canal project
FOUL PLAY FEARED.
A Santa Bosa Resident Disappears
From His Home.
SAXTA ROSA, Jan. 17.— The friends and
relatives of G. F. Levy of this city are
worried over his mysterious disappear
ance. Since last Saturday he has been
missing from his accustomed haunts and
his wiii fears he has wanuered off in a
fit of mental aberration and met either
• >■:■ foul play.
The missing man has been a resident
of this city over a year. Since his ar
rival here from Seattle he has made his
home at the residence of J. H. Gaddia
on Third sireet. For the past few
months he has been in the employ of Rey
nolds & Proctor, delivering and' handling
a new atlas of Sonoma County. His life
was pleasant and no reason, except that
his mind became suddenly unbalanced,
can be assigned for his sudden disap
pearance. San Francisco police have
been communicated with, but as yet with
out results.
On Saturday morning Levy went for a
Bhort rid*; with his wife. On returning
home he told her he would spend the
night visiting relatives in the country and
asked her to drive out and get him ou
Sunday. When she did so she found he
had not been therf. When last seen on
Saturday afternoon he was stylishly
dressed, ami some of his acquaintances
said he was acting in a peculiar manner.
Added to Stanford's Faculty.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan. 17.-
Several new additions have been made to
the faculty this semester. Rabbi Voor
f-anger, professor of Semetic languages
and literature at Berkeley, Is now a lec
turer here in the department of bionamics.
An appointment as assistant professor of
mining and metallurgy in the geological
department is that of John Flesher New
som, who is a former Stanford student
and a graduate of the University of In
diana in 1891. In the French department
George Luther Lincoln will fill the place
left temporarily vacant by Max Wright,
who has been granted a semester's leave
of absence on account of 111 health.
Death of a Newspaper Man.
WOODLAND, Jan. 17.— News ha.s been
received In this city to the effect that
C. Y. Benjamin, an old newspaper man.
who learned the business* in this city, died
in Roseburg, Or., on January 11. lie was
managing the Plaindoaler.
Was on Dewey's Flagship.
WOODLAND, Jan. 17.— WiUard Dun
phy, who was a sailor for four years and
on Dewey's flagship at the naval battle
of Manila, arrived in Woodland last even
ing. He has served his time and been
discharged.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 18, 1899.
NEWLANDS TALKS
OF HIS CONTEST
Addresses a Meeting at
Carson.
DUBS STEWART A TRAITOR
DECLARES HIMSELF FINE SENA
TORIAL MATERIAL.
First Test of Strength Will Come
in the Settling of Contests
for Legislative
Seats,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CARSON, Nev., Jan. 17.— The Senatorial
fight in this State had a new feature or
two added to-day. During the mornlnjr
session of the Senate the report of
the Secretary of State waa read
relative to the contested seats. After
some argument it was laid on the table
awaiting the appointment of an election
committee. Both Stewart and it'ewlands
claim power enough to choose this com
mittee. A test of strength will occur
when this affair is finally taken up.
This aftlrnoon the town was flooded
with handbills announcing that — Q.
Newlands would address the citizens and
legislators on his candidacy at the opera
house. The town was illuminated with
bonfires, and a brass band was In attend
ance. Newlands was well received by the
people, and made a lengthy and Impres
sive talk. His explanation for entering
the Senatorial contest against Stewart is
that he proved traitor to Him during the
last campaign. He said he did pledge
himself to Stewart at the Reno conven
tion, but that it was reciprocal, as Stew
art did the same to him. He publicly an
nounced that he was in the fight to stay,
and that the only way Stewart could beat
him was through underhanded methods
and corrupting legislators.
During the course of his speech New
lands failed to announce from which par
ty he would make his fight, but claimed
he was the only material that Nevada
had that was fitted for the Senatorship.
He scored Stewart for his action on the
funding bill, but admitted Stewart's supe
riority over him in regard to the silver
question.
The speech was moderate and was de
livered without bitterness, and has left
a better feeling than was anticipated.
Newlands concluded with the statement
that his candidacy would not be fought
out on a money proposition, but that he
would win in an honorable way or not
at all.
Pennsylvania Deadlock.
HARRISBURG, Pa., Jan. 17.— The end
of the first day's fight in the battle for
I'nit^d States Senator leaves the result
very much in doubt. It is Senator Quay
against the field, and the indications are
that there will be a deadlock lasting some
days at least. The Republicans are divided
between Mr. Quay and eight "favorite
j sons," and the Democrats are united on
1 George A- Jenks. The Senate and House
I voted separately this afternoon and will
I take a ballot to-morrow in joint session.
There was no election to-day. Quay's
total strength in both houses -was 112
votes, 16 less than the number necessary
to elect on joint ballot, assuming that the
full membership of 254 is present, a condi
tion that does not seem possible, as there
are several on the sick list now.
Cockrell Re-Elected.
JEFFERSON, Jan. 17.— Hon. Francis
Marion Cockrell of "Warrensburg. Mo.,
was to-day re-elected by the Legislature
to his fifth term In the United Statea
Senate, to begin March 4, 1899. Colonel
Richard Kerens of St. Louis, Mo., mem
ber of the Republican National Commit
tee received the solid support of the Re
publican members of both houses. The
vote was as follows: House— Cockrell,
76; Kerns, 52. Senate — Cockrell, 25; Ker
ens, 9. Cockrell's majority in both
houses, 40. To-morrow the election of
Senator Cockrell will be ratified in joint
session.
Balloting in Delaware.
DOVER, Del.. Jan. 17.— A separate bal
lot was taken for United States Senator
In the Senate and House at noon to-day.
The result was: Senate— George Gray
(D.) 7, Addicks (R.) 4, William Hille3 (R.)
2 J. G. Gray (D.) 1, Congressman L. I.
Handy CD.) 1. Colonel Henry Dupont (R.)
1. House Addicks 11, Dupont 9, George
Gray S, Handy 2, J. G. Gray 2. The two
bodies will ballot in joint session to-mor
row.
Lodge Wins in Massachusetts.
BOSTON, Jan. 17.— Each branch of the
Legislature balloted for United States
Senator to-day, and Senator Henry Cabot
Lodge, the Republican nominee, received
heavy majorities in both houses. The
vote "resulted as follows: House — Lodge
(R.) 65, Bruce (D.) 15, "Wlnfleld (P.) 2,
Porter (Soc!al-D.) 2. Senate— Lodge 31,
Bruce 7. Senator Parsons of Greenfield
refused to vote for Mr. Lodge.
Beveridge Wins in Indiana.
INDIANAPOLIS, Jan. 17.— Albert J.
Beveridge (R.) was elected United States
Senator by the General Assembly to-day,
receiving all the Republican votes in both
houseß In separate sessions. The Dem
ocrats voted for David Turpie. The for
mal election will take place at noon to
morrow, when the two houses will meet
in joint convention.
First Vote in Utah.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Jan. 17.— The first
vote for United States Senator was taken
in the Legislature this afternoon. The
vote in the Senate was: McCune 5, King
3, Powers 3, Cannon 2, Nebeker 1, George
Sutherland (R.) 2, absent 2. The vote in
the House was as follows: King 15, Mc-
Cune 6, Powers 5, Cannon 5, Sutherland
(R.) 11, absent 3.
Burrows to Succeed Himself.
LANSING, Mich.. Jan. 17.— The formal
vote for United States Senator was taken
in the House of Representatives to-day.
Senator J. C. Burrows received 87 votes.
Daniel K. Campau, chairman of the Dem
ocratic State Committee, was given the
complimentary vote of eight Democratic
Representatives. The joint ballot will be
taken to-morrow.
Depew Gets a Majority.
ALBANY, N. V., Jan. 17.— The Senate
and Assembly in their respective cham
bers voted to-day for United States Sen
ator. In the Assembly Chauncey M. De
pew (R.) received 84 votes and Edward
Murphy (D.) 60 votes. In the Senate De
pew received 27 and Murphy 23 votes.
Situation in South Dakota.
BISMARCK, N. D., Jan. 17.— The House
voted for United States Senator at noon
to-day, in separate session. The ballot
resulted: Johnson, 20; Marshall, 9; Little,
6- McCumber, 5; Lamour, 5; Hanna, 4;
Cooper, 3; Roach D.), 8. The Senate will
meet at 2 p. m. to take a formal ballot.
Hale Succeeds Himself.
AUGUSTA. Me., Jan. 17.— Eugene Hale
was re-elected Senator by concurrent vote
of the two branches of the Legislature
this afternoon and to-morrow, at noon, a
joint convention will formally confirm the
election. The coming term will be Mr.
Hale's fourth term in the Senate.
City of Peking Damaged.
KOBE, Japan, Jan. 17.— The Pacific Mail
steamer City of Peking, from San Fran
cisco via Honolulu and Yokohama, for
Hongkong, has arrived here slightly dam
aged from a collision with an unknown
vessel.
The Original Little Louisiana Co. of Ban
Francisco — Drawing dan. 14, 1800.
No. 95.845 wins $7:>00 00; sold in San Fran
cisco, Cal. No. 32.071 wins $2000 00; sold In San
Francisco, Cal. No. 7108 wins $1000 00; sold in
San Francisco, Cal. No. 42,580 ■ wins $500 00
--sold in San Francisco. Cal. Nor. 6339 and
13,260 each win $250 00; sold In San Francisco
Cal. Nos. - 61,623. 53.126, 66,991, 95,121 and 3069
each win $100 00; sold In San Francisco and
Sacramento. *'al. Prizes cashed at No. 35 New
Montgomery St., S. F., Cal. •
UPRISING
IN SAMOAN
ISLANDS
War Follows the Procla=
mation of Malietoa
as King.
Mataafa's Followers Ambush
the Loyalist Force and De
feat It in Battle.
Special Cablegram to The Call.
AUCKLAND, Jan. 17.— When the Oceanic steamship Alameda left
Apia on January 12 a revolution had broken out on the Samoan Islands
and was being waged with much bloodshed and great destruction of prop
erty. The warships Falke and Porpoise, the latter In command of Captain
Sturdee, were then at the islands, and were taking a part in suppressing the
rising.
On December SI the Chief Justice decided in favor of Malletoa Tanu.
claiming Mataafa was barred by the treaty of Berlin. On January 1, 6000
of Mataafa's followers arose in rebellion and defeated 2000 of Malietoa's
men, ambushing them and killing thirteen natives and wounding many. The
rebels have burned 400 houses and razed the towns on Upolu. The bread fruit
trees have been cut down in many places. The foreigners are uninjured.
The crew of the Porpoise is guarding the mission as a refuge for Mall
etoa. The three Consuls have signed a proclamation recognizing the Mat
aafa party provisional government, pending instructions from the powers,
with President Raffell as executive head. On the 6th Raffell, Rose con
curring, proclaimed the Supreme Court closed and took possession, declar
ing himself Chief Justice. He asked Mataafa for 500 men and was refused.
The British and American Consuls united in a strong protest against the
action of the president of the Municipal Council.
On the 7th Captain Sturdee of the Porpoise and the two Consuls de
clared the action illegal. The Porpoise cleared for action and landed a
force of marines. This force was unopposed and took possession of the
court. Chambers was reinstated and the British and American flags hoisted
over Chambers' house and the courthouse. The Provisional Government
wrote to Sturdee on the 12th that it would seize Malietoa Tanu and take
Tamasese off the Porpoise by force if necessary, deprive them of their titles
and desert them. Chambers is residing on the Porpoise. The Falke is in
active.
The British and American Consuls have protested against any Infringe
ment of the Berlin treaty. British residents have taken refuge in their Con
sulate and the American residents have taken refuge in the mission.
An American warship is urgently needed here.
SAYS SHE
WILL DIE
IN A CELL
Old Mrs. Dickinson Is on the
Verge of Complete
Collapse.
SUISUN, Jan. 17.— The preliminary
examination of W. Q. Miller, Mrs.
Elizabeth G. Dickinson and Mrs. Addie
Wilson, charged with the murder of old
Dan Wilson on October 9, 1896, will be
held next Tuesday. The three prison
ers were brought before Justice of the
Peace Hitchcock of Fairfleld Township
this afternoon and the date formally
fixed. The proceedings were brief and
were held in the Sheriff's office at the
Courthouse for the sake of convenience,
the prisoners being brought over from
the jail, one by one.
Mrß. Dickinson was the first to ap
pear. Her confinement has left its
mark on her face and her nerves are
completely unstrung. When informed
she must spend another week in jail
before she could have a hearing she
lifted her voice in feeble and ineffectual
protest.
"If I don't have a hearing before
Tuesday I will be in a sick bed," she
declared.
Attorney George Lamont, who ap
peared for her, quieted the old woman
by the assurance that her interests
would not be inujred by the delay,
which, he said, was unavoidable.
While being taken back to her cell
Mrs. Dickinson asked Under Sheriff
Robinson:
"What will they do with me if I am
not held at the preliminary examina
tion?"
"You will be discharged and allowed
to to home," replied the officer. "If
the evidence against you is considered
strong enough you will be held for
trial."
"How long will it be until the trial?"
she asked.
"About two months," replied Robin
son.
"They will never try me," asserted
the accused woman, her lips quivering
and tears coming to her eyes. "I shall
be dead by that time."
Whether she meant that she would
succumb to the strain entailed by
worry and confinement or would put
an end to the suspense by committing
suicide, the officer was unable to deter
mine.
At the request of Mrs. Dickinson At
torney Lamont also appeared for Mrs.
Wilson. The murdered man's ex-wife
had very little to say while in court,
but while preparing to face the ordeal
she raid to the Deputy Sheriff sent to
escort her to the Courthouse:
"I will be awful glad when this is all
over. I dread to have it come, but,"
she added hastily, "not that I have
anything to fear."
Miller as usual was loquacious and
confident. He objected to the delay of
another week, but his objections were
not listened to. L. M. Robbins, his at
torney, informed him that an earlier
date could not be fixed. While sitting
in the Shei-iff's office Miller caught
sight of ex-Constable Kintock, who has
been one of the most active in gather
Too Poor to Provide Nursing.
TOMALES, Jan. 17.— M. Ancini, one of
the unfortunate victims of trichinosis,
caused by eatingr pork infected with tri
chinae, is lying very low, and his death
is believed to be a matter of a few days.
Aa Ancini Is very poor he haa had "no
ing evidence to connect him with the
Wilson murder and proceeded to inter
rogate him in reference to the case.
Miller asked Kintock if he had not seen
him (Miller) at the ranch with his wife
on the Sunday following the assassina
tion. Kintock had no such recollection,
but he did remember that several wit
nesses saw Miller and Hez McEwen
on the Wilson ranch on the Sunday be
fore the murder, presumably looking
over the ground to familiarize them
selves with the layout. Miller has all
along denied that he was on the Wilson
ranch or at McEwen's on the Sunday
previous to the fatal Friday, and his
interrogation of Kintock was probably
for the purpose of showing that the
former officer was mistaken in his
dates. Miller persists in his declaration
that he never hired a buggy in Vallejo
to go to the ranch but once, and that
was the Sunday after old Dan was
killed. This in face of the positive
statements of Riley and Craig, who say
he hired a buggy on the evening of
Friday, October 9, and returned the rig
early Saturday morning.
As the Under Sheriff was leaving the
jail after returning Miller to his cell,
Mrs. Dickinson called to him and asked
with more interest than she has shown
at any time since her incarceration:
"Is there anything new against
'Bill?' "
Robinson declined to enlighten her
as to the amount or character of the
evidence against her son and alleged
accomplice.
Mrs. Lillie Bailard, daughter of Mrs.
Wilson, visited the office of District At
torney Devlin late this afternoon, ac
companied by her husband. She was
subjected to a thorough examination
concerning events coming under her
notice at the McEwen ranch on the
night her father was shot down. She
affirmed all she had previously told,
and while she does not accuse her
mother of any knowledge of or connec
tion with the crime, she said she was
ready to take nothing back and would
tell all she knew willingly and freely.
She repeated the story of her mother
entering the house immediately after
the fatal shot was fired and going to
bed without disrobing. In this she is
contradicted by Mrs. Wilson, who
stoutly affirms that she never in her
life went to bed with her clothes on
and that on the night in question, she
distinctly recollects, she was attired
in only her nightgown when awakened
by the barking of the dogs aroused by
the men who brought the first' news
of the murder to the ranch at about
11 o'clock.
Mrs. Bailard heard the assassin's
shot plainly, although she was inside
the cabin at the time, but her mother,
although she was out of doors and in
a better position to hear, maintains
that she heard no shot fired.
Subpenaes for the witnesses were
sent out by the Sheriff's office this
afternoon in all cases in which the ad
dresses of the persons wanted are
known. Some of the witnesses have
not yet been located, but the authori
ties are endeavoring to find them and
expect to have them located in time
to bring them to court for the hearing.
nursing and little medical attention. Dis
trict Attorney Mclsaac was notified of
the man's condition to-day and immedi
ately laid the matter before Supervisdr
Mason, who represents tfiis district. It
is expected the proper authorities will, at
least, make provision for the proper care
of Ancini, whether he recovers or not.
. list/of phizes. . ..-
OFFICIAL DRAWING
. —OF THE—
Honduras National Lottery Co,
R LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY.
[PATENT APPLIED FOR.]
Single Number Class "A," Drawn at
Puerto Cortez, Honduras, C. A., on Satur-
day, January 14, 1899.
The Honduras National Lottery has no dally
drawing, and Is not connected with any dally
drawing. -^" .
No. Prize. No. Prize. No. Prize.
47 24 61 16 73 40
142 24 228 24 280 120
282 16 367 24 555... 120
770 40 790 24 870 16
897 16 965 80 J236 80
1238 16 1244 16 1264 80
1318 SO 1334 24 1365 16
1428 16 : 1447 16 1576 .16
1647 16 1657 16' 1731 16
1868 16 1872 40 1962 80
1972 *24 2041 16! 2135 16
2169 16 2184 24 i 2278 40
2319 16 2434 24' 2454 16
2578 24 2585 40 2657 24
2784 16 2925 16 j 3006 21
3069 400 3179 40 3297..:..... 24
3431 16 3512 24 3564 40
3658 24 3672 24 i 3699 ;.. 24
3784 80 3951 24 j 4130 16
4163 16 4210 16 4515 24
4527 24 4529 16 4536 16
4674 40 4611 24 4612 80
4744 40 4920 16 4975 120
4979 16 6150 24 5182 40
BIS 3 16! 5337 24 5341........ 40
6385 16 5514 16! 5592 24
6628 16 5648 16 5670 16
' BS6O 40 5587 40 5891 80
5936 16 6038 40 6074 SO
6089 40 6200 24 1 6297 24
6303 ; 16 6306 16 6339 1000
6345........ 16 6429 16 6430 80
6490 16 6523.. 16 ! -6526 16
3566 24 6627 16 6634 16
6842 80 7071.. 16 7093 16
7108 4000 7481 16 7534 40
7713 16 7951 40, 5139 80
8159 16 8539........ 16 1 8613 16
8651 16 8766 16 9210 24
9405 40 9504 16 9857 24
10019 16 10089 24 10170 24
10196 40 10212 24 10275 16
10460 16 10477 16 10491 40
10634 16 10647 16:10657 16
10732 24 10739 16 10832 16
10929 2411102S 24 11033 16
11153 24 11252 16 11292 16
11327 24 11431 24 11694 16
11683 24 11809 16 11889 40
11924 11937 80 11950 16
12067 24 12206 24 12328 16
12343 24 12627 16 12642 24
12704 16 12708 24 12790 24
12875 16 12SS0 24 12SS7 16
129SS 16 13018 24 13031 16
13148 16 13162 16 13260 1000
13313 120 13458 16 13468 16
13572 120 13794 40 13998 24
14016 24 14086 ; 80,14121 24
14206 16 14253 40 14293 40
14336 120 14376 16;14428 24
14546 16 14623 SO 14655 16
14800 80 14817 80 15013 SO
1514S 24:15256 16 15346 40
15459 24 1 15464 24 16483 ' 16
15530 16 i 15534 120 15562 16
15602 16 15614 16 15699 24
15755 16 15803 40j15524 &0
15536 16 16240 40*16245 16
16291 16116399 16858 16
16559 16 16595... SO 16661 40
16759 16 16505 16 16526 24
17013 40 17036 1617039 24
17077 16 17102 16|17252 40
17311 8017520 16 17539 24
17784 16 17809 16 17848 16
18017 16 18167 40j15193 16
18262 4018279 24 ISSBI 24
18582 24 18640 80 18646 24
18785 40 18780........ 16 18S48 21
18862 40 19141 40 19477 16
19645 24 19560 16 19597 16
19712 40 19832 16 19844 2*
19861 16 19885 24 19965 16
19994 16
20029!!!!!!'.! 16 20162 40:20204 40
20616 24 20692 80 20525 40
20827........ 16 20908 16 20958 16
21064 24 21397 16 21432 16
21485 24 21493 24 21550 80
21575 16 21622 16 21686 16
21737 40 21754 16 21753 40
21788 16 21959 16 22029 16
22041 24 22088 40 ; 22109 40
22123 40 22182 40;22350 f 40
22608 16 22611 16:22670 40
22786 16 22739 SO 22814 80
22856 16122876 16 22008 24
22995 40 23035 16 23269 40
23331 24 23352 40:23419 16
23484 80 23494 40 23503 24
23918 40 24110 24124234 16
24266 24 24348 16 24423 24
24464 24 24576 16 24640 .'BO
24664 16 24709 40 24941..' 24
2.-/136 40 25071 16 25082 40
25411 16 25420 24 25460 SO
25465.". 16125486 16 25526 80
25537 24125596 24 26825 24
25912.. 1626145 24 26170 16
26463 16 26491 40 26639...;.... 16
26680 .. 16 26695 40 26789 16
26839! 80 26972 24 27049 16
27278 . .. 24 27280 24 27335... 40
27569 2427617 80 27783 16
27810 16127917 24 25003 16
28084 16 28289 40 : 25334 24
28418.'! 16 28446 1628565 40
28624 16 28770 SO 28888 24
2X919! 16i25947 ;. 24 29092 16
29288 16 29326 24 29604 24
29705 ... 16 29802 16 29808 24
29940 24 29943... 16130109 24
SOUS!; 16 30133 80 30163 16
30231 40 30360 16 30462 16
30565 16 30847 16 30776 24
31045 4031110 40 ; 31148 16
31163 24 31446 16 31456 24
31514 .... 24 31597 24,31872 24
31989 40 32032 24 32071 8000
32074 40 32100 24 32159 16
32272 .. 40 32295 40 32440 16
32541... ... 40 32569 16 32666 80
32537! ... 16 32934 40 32992 24
33149 16 33215 16 33290 SO
33431 16 33469 16 33523 16
33526 33642 24 33700 24
33781 16 34041 16 34109... 120
silos":;:::: iSK:::::::: 24 34390 24
34436 . 80 34451 40 3465S 40
34790 "III! 16 34824 40 34841 16
34855" .A ... 16 34571 16 34895 40
34936"::.... 16134965 ...... 16134983 80
34990! 24 35047 16 86083 80
3V«6 16 35156 40 35203........ 40
35217 . 24 35245 24 35638 16
I-™::::: 1636002 24|36003 80
36054".. ■ 36156 40 j 36239 16
36343 .... 40 36577 16 36995 40
37226". 40 37245 24 37292 16
37299 ".. 4037332.. 16 37404 24
37456 . 1637556. 40 37801... 80
37804 .. .. 16 37902 16 37975 24
37980 ... 24 37998 16 38119 16
38229 .... 24 38393.. 120 35447 80
38471. 16 38510........ 16 138637 16
88726 ........ 80 38750 40 38763 16
38874 I 80 38906 40 3892S 16
39041 L.. 40 39065 40 39313 40
oqiaft ... 40133644 40 39047 80
lafiffT" 80 39712 80 39738 24
Sw:::::: : S0 39536 16 33939 80
i 0014"'" 16 40181 ■ 24 40310 16
40353 . 4040375 24 40504 40
Io?73 16 40596.- 40 40613 16
S"::::: «« 24 4oss9 n
40983 80 41101.. 16 41159 24
41724 24 41801 16 41897 24
liogs 4042084 40 42149 -16
?2r9 1642405 40 42449 24
J1474 42580 2000 42689... 24
«709"".:::: 4042835 2442949 16
43149".' .. 24 43416 80 43456 80
43546::::::.. 2443533 4043550 ie
i£« • 16 44139 16 44303 24
44305""' 44345 40 44423 40
JJig, ; 24 44621 16 44701........ 16 |
«™":::::: 120 44750 40 44851 16
14,39 24 45194.. 16 45550 16 I
*Ml 16 45561 80 45562 i 16
4^,7 I; 16 45895 40 45931 *24
4614 1 ; •• 16 46174........ 120 46448 80
IS" ::: 16 46471..... 24 46645 80
4*6-% ". 24 47118 80 47138 16
J2'™ 24 47733 80 47849 16
Jig? ; 16148315 16 48360 40
48436 16 48507 1648769 24
4o;87 " 16 48804........ 40 48813.. 24
Jgilß 80 49541 24 49569 16
1,571 40 49581 16 49640..: 16
49725:::.:::: 24 49926.. 16 49840 16
500S6" '::::: il 50202 4050292 24
50901 ::: .. 4050341 16150480 • 16
60518 ::... 50546. 24 50651 40
50753 ... 40 50842........ 16 51100 16
51149" .... 16 51241 24 51260 16
51G22 ..... 51805........ '16 51829 24
52022.. 24 52178 80 52344 24
62543 . 2452609 120 52651 40
52675... 80 52770... 16 52771........ 80
52520 16152560 16 52906........ 80
62950 53080 24 53111 t 16
63172 16 53293... 16 33327 16 \
53421 .... 1658487 16 53493... 16
63631 80 53673. .16 53713... 16
63724.. 40153917.. .40 63941 16 1
53994 1653995... 16 54267........ 80
54270 16 54254... 40 54391 24 j
54604 16 54663 24 54668........ 40 1
54681........ 16 54802... 16 54871.... .-... 40
54933 80|55014 16 56050 16
55248.: 16165253.. 24 65341 40
55502 24 55663 16 56760 16
56026 24 ! 56091 16 56249 16
66297... 16156427 40:56440 24
66693 24156778 40 56791........ 16 I
56835 16 66872 40 56991 400 1
67114........ 16 57126 16 57256 16
67465 24 57568. 24 57576 "... 16!
57590 24 57836 24167871 16 j
58036 1658105.. 16 68121.. 40 I
58262 80 58335... 24 58486........ 24!
68577........ 40 58607........ 24 58692 .40 j
68724 40 55992 24 59296 24
59324 1659358... 24i59306 16
6981S 16 59922.. 24159991 24 I
60043 16 60118........ 16 60322......... SO
60399 80 60417 24 60435 16 I
60503 2460078.. 1660786... 16 i
6C830 60999........ 40 61053........ 24 '
61246........ 80C1489. 40|G1301.. ...... 80 :
61513 16 61623 400 61706 16.
61816 16 61861 ....... ICj6IBC'S...; 24 (
61950. ....... 40 62157.:...... 1662183.. 16
62251 4062423... 1662704... 24
62715 SO 62846.. -24 63055 40 I
63225 16 63243 16163244 120
63264 24 63494 16163320 24
63715 24 63722... 16 64073... 24
64117 16 64200........ ■ 64241... 16
64392........ 24 64412. 24|644{0... jl6
LIST OF PRIZES. _ : ,
No. Prize. I No. Prize. INo. Prize.
64548 80 64620. 16 64671 16
MBIS 2464875 40
64934 16 64969 16 64985 16
65231 65456 40 ! 63484 24
65495. 24 65653 16 65688 16
65835 16 65936 16 66046 16
66092 16 66372 V. 80 66405 24
66552 16 66577 16 66596........ 16
66726 40166729... 24 66898. 40
66993 16 67199 24 67237 80
6394 16 67467 80 67580 16
6"14 24 65041 24 65090 16
6|136 16 08194 24 68223 24
68236 2468361 16 68388 16
68446 8065458 24168724 16
68<93 40 68799 40,65899 80
68917 16 68938 16 6J>938 16
65968 16 69043 16 63056 16
69123 16 69307 120 69521 16
70043 16 70084. 16
70105 16 70281 16 70287 24
70402 24 70449 16 70525 16
70534 24 70621 40 70704 40
70897 24 71133 120 71176 40
71190 16 71265 80 71492 24
71528 24 71551 16 71562 40
71659 16 71694 120,71697 16
71778 16 71909 16 71921.-. 24
71990 16 72233........ 40 72302 24
72394 40 72519 120 72532 40
72672 40 72763 2472872 16
72878 16 72912 24173141 120
73204 80 73253 16 73273 24
73434 24,73495 24 73543 16
73704 40 73723 16 73754 16
73999 24 74026 16 74027 -1«
74074 16 ! 74136 16 74150 24
74157 -.24 74169 16 74623 16
74760 24 74765 16 74535 40
74960 40 75090........ 24 75105 24
75111 24 75207 24 75510 24
75568 16 75800 24,75876 24
75879 16 75981 80 76006 40
76013 24 76075 16 76088 16
76137 16 76217 24 76227 40
76605 16 76651 24 76717 16
76745 40:76803 16 76863 80
76951 16 77010 24|77058 40
77131 40 77294 16 77554 16
77603 16 77614 16 77684 16
77763 16 77948 16 77949 16
78143 40 ; 78221 120 78259 40
78763 16 78902 16 78925 16
78930 16 78935 120 78940 16
79025 16 79090 16 79170 16
79311 24 79333 16 79528 16
79548 4079043 40 79905 24
79920 16 79935 24 80360 24
80368 40 80408 40 50435 24
80466 40180549 24 80660 40
80715 16 80725 ; 16 80769 24
80772 4050959 24 81037........ 16
81083 16 81197 24 81313 16
81487 24 51519 16 81591 16
81615 16181683 80 81930 4(T
81917 16 82259 24 82301 24
82556 16 82591 16 82829 16
82976 24 82997 16 83099 16
83126 400 83159 16 53215 24
83239 40' 83347 16 83437 24
83440 16 83522 16 53658 80
53725 16183873 24 83952 24
84084 16 84116 16 84146 40
84239.. 40 84271 16 84364 16
84487 24 84535 24 84648 16
84734 16 84736 40 84765 24
84769 40 84836 16 85024 16
85067 40 85079 16 85093 16
85101 1686118 40 55127 16
85202 24 85241 16 85379 16
SS6BS 40 85721 24 55526 40
$5916 24 85957 24 85976 40
S6llB 2486158 24 86234 24
86393 8086572 24,86654 120
86691 8086872 24 87014 16
87064 16 87413 40 87419 16
87434 80 57465 16 87535 16
87616 24 87672 24 87709 16
87725 1687880 40 87929 24
88070 16 88131 24 88140 16
8*294 16 BS3S9 24 88445 40
88539 1618557S 80 88607 40
85665 24 88711 40 85733 24
8884S 2488855 16 88860 16
88913 8088922 80,88998 24
89024 24 89079 1689112 40
89134 40 89154 1689208 24
89222 24 89237 16 8951S 40
59575 80 59590 24189635 16
89903 89948 16 90237 16
50275 40 ! 90301 24 90538.. 16
80584 16 90760 16 90791.. 40
90849 16 90914 24 91138 16
91249 24 91324 16 91329 24
91342 24 91493 16 91560.. 40
91676 40191755 120191869 16
92006 16192022 16 92035 16
92066 24 92067 40 92309 16
92313 4092331 24 92537 16
92638 80 92782 16 92865 24
92882. 16 92923 16 93018 40
93070 16 93140 40 93159 24
9321?:::::::. 80 93277 24 93500 24
93518 24 93572 24 93765 16
93847 16 93892 16 98951 16
93975:.:.:... 2494154... Ie 94232 24
94281."::.'.'.'.' 24 94607::.".".".' 16 94734 24
q47?5 16 94900 24 94937 16
0M39 " 16 95035 40 95121 400
9I79.:::::: **£™ 16 98471 24
93506 ! 24 95587 40 95568 40
95687".:::::: 4095723 l« ( 95802 24
95845 ... 80000 96006 120 ! 96051 24
96101." . 16 96116 16 96143 16
96293 . . 80 96400 24 96405 40
96414::: 40 96466 16 96568 80
win::::: :: 40!%758 1(5196848 40
96558 " 16 96889 80 97062 24
97102 II 24 ! 97240 16 97303........ 120
07489 24 97529 16 97553........ 16
mil 16 97743 16 97821 40
*7872".r. 24 98056 24 98608 16
%66S .... 16 98720... 16 98725 80
Ilfil"":n:: 4093797 mosses 16
98956 16 99115 16 99130 16
99184"'". ... 99196 16 99212 16
9 322 ... 40 99493 84 99820 16
99523.".".'.... 40199932 24
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
100 numbers from 95795 to 95895. Inclusive,
being fifty numbers on each side of the num-
ber drawing the capital prize of $30,000-840.
ICO numbers from 32021 to 32121. inclusive,
being fifty numbers on each side of the num-
ber drawing the capital prize of $8000— 524.
100 numbers from 7058 to 7158, Inclusive, being
fifty numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of $4000— 516.
TERMINAL PRIZES.
999 numbers ending with 45, being the two
last figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $30,000— 58. with 71, being the two
999 numbers ending with 71, being the two
last figures of the number drawing the second
capital prize of $8000— $8.
One-half of first capital prize, class M, sola
in New York City, affidavit will appear later:
$3750 for, 25 cents, one-eighth of first capital
prize.
Commonwealth of Massachusetts, County of
Suffolk, ss. „ ,
Michael Hannlgan, being first duly sworn,
deposes and says that he resides at 86 Court
street. Boston, Mass., and that he is the bona
fide purchaser and owner of one-eighth ticket.
No 26326 class M, Honduras National Lottery
Company of Puerto Cortez, Honduras, which
drew the first capital prize of $30,000.
° MICHAEL HANNIGAN.
Signed in my presence and sworn to before
me this 2d day of January. A. D. 1899.
FRANK W. HERRICK. Notary Public
$4000 for $1; one-half of second capital prize.
State of Indiana, County of Marlon, ss.
Before me, John S. Tarklngton, a notary
nubile In and for said county, personally came
John G. Stowell. who, being by me duly sworn,
on his oath says that he is the owner by pur-
chase of the annexed one-half ticket. No. 61580.
which drew the second capital prize of $8000
in the Honduras National Lottery drawing of
December 17th, 1898, class M.
" JOHN C. STOWELL.
Subscribed and sworn to this 27th day of
December, A. D. 1898.
Witness my hand and notarial seal.
JOHN S. TARKINGTON, Notary Public.
Originals of these affidavits held by the
president of the Honduras National Lottery
Company.
The owner of one-half of the first capital
prize is J. T. Carrigan, 146 Sands street, Brook-
lyn, N. Y.
The subscriber having supervised the single
number drawing, class "A." Honduras National
Lottery Company, hereby certifies that the
above are the numbers which were this day
drawn from the Km. ooo placed in the wheel with
the prizes corresponding to them.
Witness my hand at Puerto Cortez. Hon-
duras, C. A., this Saturday, January 14, 1899.
GEORGE W. DUPRE, Commissioner.
Vice GENERAL W. L. CABELL, Absent.
Prizes cashed at 35 New Mont-
gomery street, San Francisco, Cal.
THE WEEKLY CALL
©/ It Publishes the Cream of til*
L) News of the Week and
2 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
©/ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
©/ PAPER ON THE
"j PACIFIC COAST
Q( •■■-•;->■■ . ■ . ■
5 The Best N. / Mining
°J Telegraphic >y/ News That
°\ Service on /\ is Accurate
oc The Coast / \&up to data
o\ ' \- __
©< _
o( Not a Line of It Sensational
fj or Faky, and Not a Line of
*3 it i Dry or Uninteresting.
ex ■ i ■ *T*
OC Bright, Clean, A Champion el
_J . Thoughtful. Truth.
i '' '' ''a
Enlarged to 16 Pages. $1 per Tear
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS,
Silver advanced.
Shipment of 5247.764 to China.
Wheat lower and freights firm.
Barley and Corn declined.
fats dull and Rye lower.
Htllstuffs unchanged.
Beans and Seeds dull.
Hay continues to shade off.
Bran and Middlings unchanged.
Barley and Corn products weakening.
Grain Bags firm.
Fotatr^s weakening. Onions unchanged.
Medium grades of Butter and Eggs lower.
cheese unchanged.
Game in bad condition and iower.
Poultry about the same.
Fruit In good supply.
Dried Fruits and Raisins unchanged.
Provisions stand the same.
Hides firm and Hops dull. I < ,
No change In Wool.
Meat market steady.
Jnrrtfeeed shipments of specie.
TREASURE SHIPMENT.
The Doric took out a treasure list of $247,764,
consisting of J21.659 in Mexican dollars, $150,276
In gold coin and J75.500 in silver bullion.
GOLD COIN MOVEMENT.
The movement of gold ooln at San Franolsco
In 1898 was as follows:
Taid for duties $ 6,064.788
i:xi>orted 45.500.175
Withdrawn J54.919.961
Coined In 1898 63,226,500
Added to local circulation I 8,306.639
Added in IS9T 1,374,400
A BANKING PERSONAL.
N. D. Rldeout, the local director of the
London and San Francisco Bank, Limited, has
teen appointed managing director. This bank
•■labllshed in ISK>. Its authorized capital
li J3.500,000, and Its raid-up capital J2.450.000.
The head office is in London. In addition to
the San Francisco branch there are branches
nt Portland and Taeoma.
EXPORTS OF SPECIE.
Export* of specie from this port In 189S
were 158,641,781, against $4,",G55.635 in 1897, and j
ted of $3,569,208 in silver bullion, J4.899.14S
in Mexican dollars 1514,623 in silver coin, $4000
d i Ulllon, (48,835,175 In gold coin and I
I In bonds and currency, besides small !
nts in miscellaneous descriptions. Of i
-hipments, I'hina took fJ.26i.JtZi Japan,,
India, $415,900; Honolulu. S9OB Ontrul i
America, 139,25: ; ami New York. J49.915.126.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Tim*.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 17, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to ;
date as compared with those of same date
last season and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 17.40
Red Bluff 0.10 12.87 6.60
Bacramento 0.00 7.85 6.22
Ban Francisco Trace 7.67 6.09
Fresno 0.04 3.72 2.29
Ban Luis Oblspo 0.00 6.92 2.52
Los Angeles 0.00 2.88 3.77
Ban Diego 0.00 3.41 2.84
yunia 0.00 1.33 1.02
Ban Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
E6; minimum, 62; mean, 64.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather is partly cloudy In Northern
California and Nevada, clear in Southern Cali
fornia and Arizona and cloudy in Oregon and
Washington. It is raining In Western Wash
ington and Northwestern Oregon. Light rain
has also fallen in the upper Sacramento Valley.
Another storm appears off the Washington
coast to-night and the pressure has fallen quite
rapidly over Oregon, Washington and extreme
northern portion of California.
The temperature has risen over California,
Oregon, Washington and Arizona. The rise
has been marked In Southern California.
ConJitlons are favorable for rain in North
ern California Wednesday and "Wednesday
night.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty \
hour? ending midnight, January 15, 1539:
Northern California— Rain in northwest por
tion, cloudy In southeast portion; Wednesday
fresh to brisk southerly wind.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; fresh
west wind.
Nevada— Rain -or snow Wednesday In north
portion, cloudy In south portion.
Cloudy Wednesday.
Arizona— Fair Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Rain "Wednesday,
fresh to brisk southerly wind.
Special from Mount Tamalrils— Partly
Cloudy; wind northwest, 24 miles an hour;
temperature, 60; maximum temperature, 52. :
Q. H. « ILLSON ,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Jan. 17.— The changes In "fctock
Quotations for the day were unimportant. The
market showed strength most of the day, and
repeated efforts on the part of the bears to de
j rest I'rioes, although assisted by sales of some
60,000 shares of stocks for London account, were
of little avail, and prices worked upward gen
erally until the last hour, when previous gains
pt XV.c clay were practically wiped out. The
highest prrces of the day were made about
noon, the standard shares showing handsome
gain?. Although there had been such a large
volume of sales for London, internationals at
this time were above last night's close. At the
opening the market was under pressure, but
variations were fractional. Commission houses
had many selling orders, but after a few mm- ;
utes the demand more than equaled the sup- >
ply. Traders Bold early, then bought, and In
the final dealings reversed their position by
again belling. Several of the largest houses
■were openly large buyers in the second hour.
When prices eased oft in the late dealings com
mission-house business diminished. New York
Airbrake to-day took a violent plunge of some
IS% points, of which it recovered only 3%. The I
Selling was on a report that the Westlnghouse i
suit had been compromise. The volume of i
trading was about one-quarter below the mil- 1
lion share mark, which had been so common j
of late. The closing was weak. There was |
much favorable comment upon the Govern
ment's foreign trade system, showing an ex
cess of December exports over imports of $83,- <
426,000. and for the year of $421,261,000.
The bond market displayed more animation '
to-day. Total sales, $6,725,000. United States
fives coupon advanced '* in the bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 746,700
shares. Including 14.120 Atchlson. 47,000 Atchl-
Fon preferred, 14,000 Central Pacific, 3000 Chesa
peake and Ohio, 21,520 Burlington, 4750 Chicago,
Eastern Illinois, 5450 Louisville and Nash- j
ville, ■ 16.C50 Manhattan. 18.560 Reading pre
ferred, 15.143 Missouri Pacific, 4000 Missouri, i
Kansas and Texas preferred, 7620 Northern Pa- i
cine, 4900 Northern Pacific preferred, 5600 Read- I
Ing, 22.000 Rock Island, 11.600 Union Pacific. \
22,000 St. Paul, 3900 St. Paul and Omaha, 5560 I
Southern Pacific. 14,195 Southern Railroad, I
18,000 do preferred, 7120 Union Pacific preferred. I
87,500 Tobacco, 46,523 Steel, 7780 Steel preferred, i
34,520 People's Gas, 22,620 Brooklyn Transit,
8740 Pacific Mail, 24,000 Sugar, 32,285 Tennessee
Coal and Iron. 4755 Leather preferred, 3550
Rubber, 4551 St. Louis Southwestern. 8411 St. '
•Louis Southwestern preferred, 7150 Chicago '
Great Western.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 21%! St L & S W. 1 S«
•Do prefd 57 I Do prefd 21U
Baltimore & Ohio. 45% St Paul 12."
Canada Pacific 86 Do prefd 167
Canada Southern.. 5.', St P & Om.. ««
Cent Pacific 46% Do prefd ... !I"lG9
Ches & Ohio 20% Bt P M & M..!!"l&0
Chi & Alton lte% Bo Pacific ' *&'
Chi B & Q 132% So Railway ... '. " y> •*
CM & E 111 64% Do prefd ... " 47a :
•Do prefd 114 Texas & Pacific'" lg !
.Chi G \V 16% Union Pacific .. ' 4-v
Chi Ind & L 9 Do prerd .... . -\*
Do prefd 33 I" P D& O "" y,£ I
Chi & N W 141 Wabash .... 77;
Do prefd ISB Do prefd " 91 5
C C C & St L.... 45% Wheel & L E "" «2
Do prefd 96% Do prefd "" 2 a, 4
El t i w° n I- 1 - 1 * .^ Xpress Companies-
Del L& \\ 1.., Adams Ex .. iosi
Del •■ Rio G 1314 American Ex '"140 ™
Do prefd '■•"■♦ United States '.'.'." 55
Erie new 15% Wells Fargo "m
Da Ist rrefd 3U% Miscellaneous^-""
Ft Wayne 181 A Cot Oil 3314
Gt Nor proM 159H Do prefd . ** sqv
Hocking Valley... 2\ Amn Spirits " "is
Illinois Cent lib Do prefd . "" 36
Lake Erie & W.... 13% Am Tobacco ..""1471A
Do prefd 82 Do prefd . ""137
Lake .Shore .......Ms Cons Gas .. '"isw i
Louis & Nash 63% Com Cable Co!." 173
Manhattan L 107 Col F & i ron " "°m.,
Met St By 192<i Do prefd ..""" %*
Mich Cent 112 Gen Electric S
Minn &St L 36 Haw Coral Co."."" S7«
Do Ist prefd 38% Brooklyn R T " ?iu
Mo Pacific 44?i|Intnl Paper G2
Mobile & Ohio .... » I Do prefd l\
Mo X & T 13Vi Laclede Gas 591'
Do prefd 374 Lead .... mQ
N J Central 101% Do prefd 11114
N V Central 124% Nat i'm Oil !!" 8»i
N V Chi & St L.. 14% Pacific Mall 4514
Do Ist prefd 20 People's Gas . """ill
Do.2d prefd 36% Pullman Pal . *"ISBU
Nor West 18% Silver Cert ..!"." 594
No Araer Co 7 Standard R & "f" 'm.
No Pacific 46% Sugar ....?.. "mii
Do prefd 7>«% Do prefd ....""noli
Ontario & V,' 19$ t C & Iron.. .. .'. «2
Or R & Nay 4S U S Leather .'.'.'." vl
Or Short Line .... 45 Do prefd .... 7i«
Pac Coast Ist pfd. &5 US Rubber ... ' 46U
Do 2d prefd 6« Do prefd ... 114%
Plttßburs 180 West Union ...'."
Reading 22% Fed Steel Co 53
■ Do Ist prefd 56 Do prefd 83
R O W ....../ 23 Or Nay prefd 71
Do prefd 6S Pac Coast 47
Rock Island 117% Colo Southern .... 8%
fit L & S F V.i Do let prefd 54%
Do prefd 674 Do 2d prefd 21%
Do 14 srela .... X%
CLOSING BONDS. '
U S 8s 107% N T Central 15t5.114%
U S new 4s re5....12»V4 N J C 5b XI
Do coup 130H North Carolina 65. .125
U6 4s lli^[ Bo 4s 103
Do coup 11314 No Pac lsts 115
Do 2ds 99$ Do 3s 63^4
US 6s reg 112$ Do 4s 102%
Do Cs coup ;.11SU, N V C & St L 45..10<3'4
District 3.65 a ......118V4 Nor & W 6s 125
Ala class A 107 Northwest consols. 142*4
Do B 107 Do deb 5s 119&
Do C 100 O Nay lets 113' i
Do Currency ...100 O Nay 4s 101 V*
Atchison 4s 100% O S Line 6s tr....181H
Do adj 4s 80% O S Line 6s tr 109%
Can So 2ds liv; R G W lsts 91"4
C & O 44s 92VSt L & I M. Con P5.107%
Chicago Term 45.. X St L& S F*Gen 65. 123%
C & Ohio 5s 118V.|St P Con 161%
C H & D 4%s 104^ st P C & P 15t5.. 119
D & R G lsts 105,4! Do 5s 120%
D & R G 4s 100% So Ry 5s 106
East Term lsts 10414 Standard R & T 6s 80
Erie Gen 4s 73% 'Term new set 35.. 96%
F W & D lsts tr. 86 Tex Pac L G lsts.los
Gen Elec Bb .'.....110 Do Reg 2ds 47
GH&S A6s ms UP D & O lsts.. 91
Do 2ds 107 Wabash Ist 65. ...114
H&T CBs 110% Do 2ds PS,4
Do con 6s 110 W Shore 4s lll'A
lowa C lets 110 Va Centuries Si
La new consols 4s. 108 Do deferred .... 8
i L & N Unl 45.... 96 V Wis Cent lsts 61
1 Missouri 6s 100 i Union Pac 4s 103%
M X & T 2ds CS% Colo Southern 4a.. S7
Do 4b 94% >
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 10 Ontario 6 DO
Crown Point « 10 Ophlr 50
Con Cal & Va.... 1 20 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 45 Quicksilver 1 50
Gould & Curry- 251 Do prefd 450
I Hale & Norcross.. 10,' Sierra Nevada .... fis
1 Homestake 50 00; Standard 2 00
' Iron Silver "SiUnion Con 80
' Mexican 23 1 Yellow Jacket 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Do" prefd ......:. 63V4
Call loans 2@'3 Ed Elec Tel 196
Time loans 3<&4 Gen Elec prefd.. ..164
Stocks— Atchison prefd .... 67
;A T &St Fe 21H Bonds—
Amer Sugar ......127H Atchison 4s 99%
Do prefd 110% Mining Share*—.
! Bay State Gas .... 3V4 Allouez Mm C 0.... 6%
J Bell Tel 313 Atlantic 32V4
Boston & Albany. Boston & M0nt.... 276
j Boston & Maine. .l7o Butte & 805t0n.... 85%
Boston L 8S ralur*"^ & Hec1a..645
Chi Bur & Q 132*4 Centennial 33%
Fltchburg 115 Franklin 21%
Gen Electric 99% Old Dominion — 37
Mexican Central... 6% Osceola S3.*
N V & N Eng....100 Qulncy 148
Old Colony 199 Tamarack 198
Or Short Line 46 Wolverine 37%
Rubber 48 Parrott 38
Union Pac 4M-4 1 Humboldt 2%
West End Union Land 10
Westingh Elec 44% Winona 14%.
LONDON MARKETS.
NEW YORK. Jan. 17.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says: In
the markets here to-day there was less busi
ness and less enthusiasm than of late. Amer
icans hesitated early on free profit-taking,
awaiting New York- prices. Exceptions were
Central Pacific and Pennsylvania. New York
supported the market for half an hour, but
at the close of the session prices dwindled
and the finish was only fractionally above the
worst.
The strength of Central Pacific was due to
an erroneous rumor of a scheme of settlement
arranged and on the eve of publication.
As a matter of fact all the London com
mittee knows is the Government's terms.
Coppers were again firm. It is expected that
the London bank rate will soon be reduced.
Yesterday's African gold is in refiner's hands,
but Is promised for the bank.
LONDON, Jan. 17.— Consols, 111%; silver,
27% d; French rentes. lOlfr 70c; wheat cargoes
off coast, buyers indifferent operators; cargoes
on passage, quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1
Standard California, 335.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific. 86%; Grand Trunk, 7%: bar
silver, uncertain, 27% d per ounce; money, Kg'l^
per cent. The rate of discount In the open
market for short and three months' bills, 2%
per cent.
NEW YORK SILVER MARKET.
NEW YORK, Jan. 17.— The silver market has
been strong for some days on purchases for
London, where they seem rather bare of sup
ply. It is assumed that the silver i.« for China.
Bar silver and Mexican dollars rose % to-day,
making % advance since last Tuesday. Bir
silver sold to-day at 59% and Mexican dollars, i
47% c. Silver shipments by the European
steamers to-morrow aggregate 91,000 ounces.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, Jan. To-day's condition
of the treasury shows: Available cash balance.
J292.087.636; gold reserve, J233.5U.442.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Jan. 17.— Flour— Receipts. 37,650
barrels; exports, 25.54" barrels. Market ex
ceedingly dull and in buyers' favor.
WHEAT— Receipts, 331,200 bushels; exports,
ISI.3SS bushels. Spot weak; No. 2 red, 79% c,
f. o.b. afloat to arrive. Options opened weak
and continued so practically all day. Bulls
had little to work on. and In the afternoon un- ,
loaded, causing a sharp break. The corner In
Russian shipments was the chief bear point,
supplemented by snow west, lower cables and
smaller clearances, closed barely steady at %c
net decline. March, 77%'a7fci-4c; closed, 71;.
May, 74%®75 3-16 c; closed, 74»ic.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Firm. .
WOOL— Steady.
METALS — The general tendency of metals is
toward a higher level of values, on urgent de
mand from all quarters and very favorable
news from primary points. To-day copper led
In the upward movement, closing 25 points over
last night. Tin showed something like the ac
tivity and strength which was displayed a
week or so back. At the close the Metal Ex
change called:
PIG Warrants firm at $8 25, nominal
LAKE COPPER-Strong and higher, with
Jl4 25 bid and $14 50 asked.
TlN— Firmer, with $21 87% bid and $22 50
asked.
LEAD— with $4 20 bid and $4 25 asked.
SPELTER— Firm, with $5 30 bid and $5 40
asked. 1 " 1
The brokers' price for lead Is $4. and copper
<'<>FFEE— Closed steady: prices 5 points net
lower. Sales, 17,000 bags, including: Janu
ary. $T> 40; February, $5 45; March. $0 56; May
$5 70; June. $5 70; July. $5 75; September, $5 90;
October, $6 00; November, $5 95; December,
$« 10. Spot Rio, dull and easy; No. 7 invoice
6%c; Jobbing, 7c.
MlLD— Quiet; barely steady.
SUGAR— Raw. dull and easy; fair refining,
3 13-16 c; Centrifugal, 'j6 test. 4V 4 c; Molasses
sugar, 3 9-16 c; refined, barely steady
BUTTER— Receipts. 8701 packages; weak.
Western creamery, 14'gl9c; Elglns, 20c; factory
12fi 14c
BOGS— Receipts, 7410 packages; stead*
Western, 21c; Southern, 20%'521c. *
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Jan. 17.— California dried
fruits, steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES-Common, 7<3Sc;
prime, wire tray, 8V t c; choice, 9S«V»o; fancy,
PRUNES— 3%@IO%c.
APRICOTS-Royal, ll®14c; Moorpark. 13®170
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 9<§llc; peeled, 21@23c.
CHICAGO MARKET.
j CHICAGO, Jan. 17.— The foundation upon
which yesterday's firmness was built gave way
in the spot where it had seemed most secure
, and Wheat started very weak. It was dis
i covered last night after the close that Russia
i Instead of having shipped only 240,000 bushels
xif Wheat last week, as reported, had Bent out
1,024,000 bushels. There was a heavy snow
storm prevailing here and about the same
conditions were reported to exist In the winter
Wheat sections, where the fields have been
bare from the recent thaw. The sentiment
among traders was very bearish. May opened
%c lower, at 70%@70*ic, but subsequently sold
very sparingly at 70% con buying against
"put" privileges. There was no special feature
; in the early trading to encourage any ex
tensive buying, and as outside traders wer^
! scarce the market ruled dull and heavy and
May slipped off to 70% c. The market ruled
heavy throughout the session and May sagged
to 70% c, where some buying for the long, ac
count caused a feeble rally to 70% c, but as
Boon as thin buying subsided May weakened
apaln to 70% c. where It closed.
Lower cables and large receipts weakened
Corn. The decline in Wheat served to dis
courage longs and there was a good deal of
liquidation by prominent holders. May left o?.
lower.
Oats met with rather Influential soiling by
brokers and this together with the decline in
the other grains carried prices off. May clxied
%@\io lower.
Lower prices for hogs at the yards and the
grain weakness depressed provisions at the
start. Commission ■ houses sold freely and
prices declined rapidly until heavy buying of
ribs steadied the. market and a Blight reaction
set In. ' Pork closed 2%c decline and lard and
ribs 6c each. •
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat— No. 2—
May i 70% 70% 70% 70%
July \ 68% 68% 65% 68%
Corn — No. 2 —
January «<H S4^ 34% 34%
May 37 37 36% 3C%
July 37% 37% .37 37%
Oats— 2— • : • ■>:••- '^ .
May .27% 27% .27% 27%
July 26% 26% .26. . 26%
Mess pork, per bbl— ■ . .:-.:V.
January 985 985 9 80. 980
May 10 10 10 10 10 024 10 05
Lard, per 100 lbs— ■ ■■'-■ .
January 5 52/4 5 52% 550 550 ,
May 573 675 670 6 72%'
Short ribs, per 100 lbs—
January 4 77% 4 77% 4 75 4 75
May 5 02% 6 02% 500 C 02%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull
and unchanged; No. 2 spring wheat, C7<§6Be;
No. 3 spring wheat, 62»i@67c; No. 2 red. 71<r
No 2 Corn, 35>ic; No. 2 oats, 26*;®27c; No. 2
white. 29®29Hc; No. 3 white. 2SU«29c; No. |
rye, 66%0; No. 2 barley, 42a!52c; No. 1 flaxseed,
$1 J3^; new winter, $118; prime timothy seed,
|2 25; mess pork, per barrel, {9 WVi@» 87hi lard,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 18, 1599.
per JOO pounds, $5 Bo®s 624; short ribs sides
(loose), $4 70@4 90; dry silted shoulders (boxed),
4V«<Jf4%c; short clear sides (boxed), $5 06@5 10;
whisky, distiller* 1 finished goods, per gallon,
$1 27; sugar, cut loaf, unchanged.
Articles— .. . . ■ r ReeclpU. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 23,000 . 30,500
"Wheat, bushels... 115,000 . 77,000
Corn,- bushels 658.000 v 273,800 ,
Oats, bushels 315,500 160,800
Ryre. bushels 12,700- 37,000
Barley, bushels 97,000 10.000
One the Produce Exchange, to-day, the but
ter market easy. Creameries, HgISM-c; dairies,
ll<g>l7c. Eggs,, dull. Fresh, 17}t@lSc. Cheese,
steady, unchanged.
"WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 224.070 28,560
Duluth 115.307 1,333
Milwaukee 09,300 16,100
Chicago 115,600 77,151
Toledo 14.600 5.000
St.. Louis 29,000 28,000
Detroit 17,571 22,250
■ Kansas City ,
Totals ........." . .*....
Tidewater-
Boston 53,930
New York 331. :51,38R
Philadelphia 52.609 43.618
Baltimore 44,836 80,000
New Orleans 70,000
Galveston 71.458 I'JO.OCO
Totals
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Mar. May.
Opening 5 10% 6 $%
Closing 6 9% BBV4
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— • Jan. Mar.-June.
Opening 45 65 46 00
Closing 45 65 45 30
Wheat-
Opening 2190 21 95
Closing 21 85 21 85
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
. CHICAGO, Jan. 17.— CATTLE— The limited
supply of cattle received to-day caused a strong
reeling, and many lots showed advances of 10®
j 15c over last week's prices. Fancy cattle, Jo 90
Cffi 10: choice steers, $5 50@5 85; medium steers,
I J4 So@s 10; beef steers, J4@4 75; bulls, J3 60@4 25;
i cows and heifers, $3 30@4; Western fed steers,
$4 1.V,,-, 80; Texas steers, $3 60<S4 90; calves, 13 75
@5 10.
HOGS— The supply was too large and prices
ruled about 5c lower. Fair to choice pack
ing lots, J3 60@3 85; mixed hogs, $3 45@3 63;
butchers, $3 45@3 70; lights, $3 40@3 65; pigs,
$3@S 50.
SHEEP— The run of sheep was well taken
at steady prices, but lambs ruled 10c lower.
Poor to choice sheep, $2 50@4 10; yearlings,
$4 10; lambs, chiefly at $4 50@4 90.
Receipts— 3500; hogs, 36,000; sheep.
15,000.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, Jan. 17.— The wool market here
maintains a steady tone, but general business
le moderate. Fleece wools are quoted about
steady and good lines are maintaining former
values. Australian wool is strong, particular
ly for choicest wools. Quotations: Territory
wools— Montana, fine medium and fine, USl6c
scoured, 43c; staple, 47W4Sc. Utah. Wyoming,
etc.— Fine medium and fine. 13al'>c; scoured
43c; staple, 47©48 c. Australian wools— Scoured
basis, combing:, superfine, 70@72c; do, good, 65®
6Sc; do, average, 62if6r>c.
COTTON MARKET.
NETT ORLEANS, Jan. IT.— Cotton, quiet and
steady; middlings, 6 5-16 c.
NEW YORK, Jan. 17.— Cotton, firm; mid
dling, 6c.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LIVERPOOL. Jan. 17.— "Wheat, steady; wheat
In Paris, steady; flour In Paris, quiet; French
country markets, firm; weather la England,
cloudy.
COTTON— Uplands. 3^d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Futures closed dull; March Es
9«fcd; May r.s B|^d.
CORN— Spot American, quiet; American
mixed, old 3s lOVid.
WHEAT— Spot No. 2 red Western winter,
steady; 6s 2V4d.
CORN— Futures, quiet; January 3s lOd;
March 3s S>-*d; May 3s Rd.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter 7s 9d.
Receipts, three days; Wheat, 416,000 cen
tals. Including 295.000 American; American
corn, 117,900 centals.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 17.— Exchanges, $265,
--457; balances, $100,364.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKETT.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 17.— Wheat Is not com
ing: forward very freely and though Europe
and the East were both about a cent lower
to-day there whs not much shaving of limits
In Portland. Receipts continue very llfht ar.d
there is not much disposition to hurry th>;
londlng of the few ships In port. Valley Is
quoted at 61(561'^: bluestem Is quoted at 62c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., Jan. 17.— WHEAT— Club,
E9c; bluestem, 62*6 63c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 83%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86%
Sterling Cables — 4 87%
New York Exchange, sight — 17%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce — 69%
Mexican Dollars — 47%@48
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are strong but dull at
27s 6d bid. The chartered wheat fleet In port
has a registered tonnage of 10,480, against 36,
--236 tons on the same date last year; disengaged,
34.370 tons, against 20,725; on the way to this
port, 159,000 tons, against 164,900.
Lower quotations from Chicago have weak
ened the market again. The demand Is
nominal and the situation is featureless.
Spot Wheat-Shipping, $1 121i.@l 13%; mill
ing, $1 13© 1 20.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— — 82.000
ctls, $1 16%.
Second Session— May— 2ooo ctls, $1 16%; 20.000.
%1 16%. y December— $1 13%.
Regular Forenoon Session— May— l2,ooo ctls,
Afternoon Session— May— ctls, $1 16%.
BARLEY— The downward tendency continues
arid the market Is lower all around. The de
mand Is light. - . . '
/ Feed, $1 2.">gi 27%; Brewing, nominal.
'. ' CALL BOARD SALES.
1 Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Forenoon Session— '99, . new—
2000 ctls, 87c; 6000, S6sic. ,-... ?■:
Forenoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Is nothing going on to make a
change either way. .
Fancy Feed, $1 35@1 37% per ctl; good to
choice, $1 3001 32%; common, $1 27%: Surprise.
$1 42%@1 50; Gray, $1 "Oil 1 35; Milling, ii 32%@
1 35 per ctl; Red. $1 55@1 65; Black, $1 60@l 75.
CORN— recent heavy receipts from the
East have weakened values all around. The
inquiry is light. Ye ■.■•, -
Small round yellow, $1 15; Eastern large yel
low, $1 10; white, $1 10; mixed, $1 07%@l 10 per
ctl; California white, $1 12%.
RYE— Is dull and lower again at $1 15@1 18%
per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
There has been no change in these goods for
a long time.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 IB®4 25; bakers'
extras, $3 90@4.
M I LLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour, $2 75
per 100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $3 2.V{i3 50; Buckwheat
Flour. $l(a4 25; Cracked Wheat. S3 75: Farina,
$4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels), JJS S5Gi6 25; in Backs. $5 65@6 05; Pearl
Barley, J5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas. $4 50
per 100 lbs. ..••.':.-..■■"•.'''"»■■:"■
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Another decline In Hay Is quoted and the
market Is dull at the decline. There is no
change in Bran and Middlings. Rolled Barley
and Corn products are weaker in sympathy
with the raw goods.
BRAN- $20 '"'., 21 SO per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S22@24 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $26@27 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31@31 50:
Jobbing; $32@32 60; Cocoanut Cake, $24@25; Cot
i tonseed Meal, $2S@3O per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50®
24 60; Cracked Corn. $24@25.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat. $16@17 50 for
good to choice and $15 for lower .grades; no
fancy coming in; Wheat and Oat, $15@16 50;
Oat. $14«16; Island Barley. $14@13; Alfalfa
$12(6:13; Stock, none: Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
Wheat and Wheat and Oat, $14@15; Cheat,
$12 60@13; Alfalfa, ; Oat, $14015; Clover.
$11 sC<£n2 50; Timothy. $12(213 60 per ton.
STRAW— 3S@7Sc per bale.
BEAKS AND • SEEDS.
Both Beans and Seeds are dull and un
changed.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 85® 1 95; Small Whites, $2
@2 15; Large Whites, $1 75@1 85; Pinks, $2@
2 10; Reds, $3 20®3 33; Blackeye, $3 75; Butters
$2&2 50; Limas, $3 26@3 35; Pea, $2 35^2 50; Red
Kidneys, $2 40 per ctl. ■.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 60 per ctl: yel
low Mustard, $4@4 10; Flax, $202 25; Canary
Seed, 2 1 4@2%c per lb; Alfalfa, C#7c; Rape, 24
Q*%c; Hemp, 2»4©3c;- Timothy, 5@5%c. i .
DRIED PEAS— NUes. $1 60®l 75; Green, $175
@1 85 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
The potato market ;la topheavy under In
creased* receipts, and several descriptions enow
a decline. Onions are unchanged. Vegetables
are in light receipt and steady.
' POTATOES— 90cS$l 00 per ctl for Early Rose;
90c@Jl 00 per sack for River Burbanks ; Peta
luma Burbanks, 90c@Jl 10; Oregon, $1 10@l 25;
Sweet Potatoes, Jl 00@l 75 for Merced; New
Potatoes, l%@2c per rb.
ONIONS— 75© per ctl; Oregon, Jl-00@l 10.
VEGETABLES — Green - Peas, 8c; String
Beans. 10@12%c; Cabbage, 40@50c; Tomatoes,
JlOOfflEO for Los Angeles; Egg Plant. 12%@150
per It); Garlic, . 6@7c per Ib; Dried Okra, 15c
per lt>; Green Peppers, 4@3c per tb; Dried Pep
pers, 10@15c; Marrowfat Squash. Jlo@l2 per
ton; Carrots, 25@35c per sack; Mushrooms, 5c
per It) for large and 7%@10c for buttons. . v-
POULTRY AND GAME.
Another car of Eastern came in late In th«
afternoon. Local stock was dull and easier,
as a rule. •"
Game was still lower and in bad condition,
owing to the warm, moist weather. Some of
It had to go very low In consequence.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, 14@16o; live
Turkeys, 12Vt@14c for Gobblers and 12%@14c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 75@2 00; Ducks, $5 00®
5 i.O; Hens, $4 5096 50; young Roosters, $6 00®
6 50; old Roosters, $4 60; Fryers, $5 50@6 00;
Broilers, $1 50®5 00 for large, $3 50@4 50 for
small; Pigeons, Jl 00@l 25 per dozen 51 for old
and $1 lW<fi2 00 for Squabs. ■
GAME— Quail, $1 25@1 50; Mallard. $3 0003 50;
Canvaeback, 13 00@5 00; Sprig, $1 25@2 CO; Teal, I
»1 25; Widgeon, $1 25; Small Duck, Jl 00@1 25;
English Snipe, $2 50; Jack Snipe. Jl 25; Gray
Geese. J3 00; White Geese, Jl 00@1 25; Brant,
Jl 25@1 75; Honkers, J3 00@4 00; Hare, Jl 00;
Rabbits, Jl 60 for Cottontails and Jl 00 for
small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
The medium grades of butter are lower and
weak. Fancy creamery still keeps up. Eggs
are weak, as receipts were the largest for
some time and are expected to ■ increase from
now on. There Is no change In cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery— creameries, 25c; seconds,
21«?23c.
Dairy— to fancy, 20@21c; common
grades, 17@19c.
Pickled Goods— Firkin, 17@18c; pickled roll,
17@18c for dairy and 19@20c for creamery
squares ; creamery tub, 22@22%c.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 16@16%0 per
Ib; Elgin, 22022 y.c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 11%@12c; old. 10
@llc; Cream Cheddar, 12j?12%c; Young Amer
ica, 12@13c; Eastern, 10@l5c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 34@36c per dozen; sec
onds, /821£@33c; store Eggs, 29@32c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Prices for all descriptions remain unaltered
and the market Is well supplied and dulL
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples. 35@G0c for common, 75c®Jl 00 per box
for No. 1 and Jl 25®1 50 for choice. Lady Ap
plee, 60@760.
Pears— 25c©Jl 00 per box.
. CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, Jl 00S2 50
per box; Seedlings. 75c@Jl\50; Mandarins, Jl 25
@l 50; Lemons, 75c@l 50 for common and $2 00*8
3 00 for good to choice; Mexican Limes, J6 00@
7 00; California Limes, — '■ per small box;
Grape Fruit, $1 00@2 50; Bananas, $1 25©2 60 per
bunch; Pineapples, %Z 00(<j4 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
The market for fruits and Raisins Id dull,
both here and In the East, and prices show no
change.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 6V£c for 40-50's, 4H'<?
5c for 50-60' 3'i@S^ic for 60-70' s, 2si@3c for
70-80's, 2&@2%c for 80-90's, 2c for 90-100's and
Wi®l*io for 100-110's: Silver Prunes. 2y,@sc;
Peaches, 6@7V40 for good to choice. 7%<sSc for
fancy and 10©12% c for peeled: Apricots, 10®
12V4C for Royals and 13^c for Moorpark; Evap
orated Apples. 7>i<§7%c; sun dried, 4@4^c;
Black Figs, sacks, 2@ i 24e; Plums, 4Vj<s«>c for
pitted and l@lVjc for unpitted; Nectarines, 6f]
ie for prime to fancy; Pears, 6@Bc for quarters
and B<7}!>c for halves.
RAISINS— 3?ic for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown, s?ic for four-crown, SH'§6V2C for Seed
less Sultanas, 4Vic for Seedless Muscatels and
Jl 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2%@3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7<§\Sc per rr>; Walnuts,
7i&Bc for hardshell, 9@loc for softshell; Al
monds, 7@Bc for hardshell, 13@14c for softshell,
15@16c for paper-shell; Peanuts, 6@7c for East
ern and 4Vi'&sc for California; Cocoanuts, J4 50 ;
OS 00.
HONEY— Comb, l<MJllc for bright and S!f?!>c
for lower grades; water white extracted, %Vi<ts
7c; light amber extracted, 6c; ' dark, Sig'oVsc
per Tb.
BEESWAX-24@26c per tt>.
PROVISIONS.
The demand Is nothing ' extra, but some
dealers report a strong tone, with prospects
for an advance in some descriptions. . . . •'
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 7>,4c per lt> for
heavy, Sc for light medium, 10c for light, 10% c
for extra light and 12@12%0 for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10@10V4c; Cali
fornia Hams, 9@S*ic; Mess Beef, $10 per bbl:
extra Mesa Beef, $11; Family Beef, $12 50: extra
Prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $18; mess, $15 50<jji
16; Smoked Beef, 11%@12c per Ib.
LARD Tierces quoted at 5%@6c per Tb for
compound and 7%<§Bc for pure; half barrels,
pure, BHc; 1"-It' tins, 2 c.; 5-Ib tins, B%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%@6%c; packages
less than 800 lbs. l-tt> palls, 60 In a case, 9%c;
3-lb palls, 20 in a case, B%c; 6-lt> pails, 12 in a
case, B%c; 10-n> palls, 6 in a case, B%c; 50-Ib
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, 8V»c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7?ic.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Hides continue firm. Hops are unchanged
and are practically out of first hands. Choice
shipping Wools are about oleaned up, but
scouring descriptions are neglected. No change
In prices.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers. lOOlOVic: medium, 9V4c; light, B%@9c;
Cowhides, B%4i9Vic; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 9c;
Calf, 10c; dry hides, sound, 15%(&'16c; culls and
brands. 12% c; dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf.
17c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 10<&30c each; short
wool, 35<g6Oc each; medium, 70<£i90c; long wool,
90c<&$1 10 each; Horse Hides, Bait, $1 75K2 for
• large and $1 for Email; Colts, 25@50c; Horse
j Hides, dry, $1 25® 175 for large and $1 for
small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3>4@3%c per tt>;
No. 2, 2',-ic; refined. 4?i@sc; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— clips Southern Mountain, 12
months', Tote; San Joaquln and Southern, 7
months', S@9c; Foothill and Northern, free, 12
(??14c; Foothill and Northern, detective, 9@llc;
£{umboldt and Mendocino, 14^15c; Nevada, 'j<§
lie; Eastern Oregon, 10 l @l2c.
Fall Wools —
Humboldt and Mendoeino... ..• 9^ll .
Northern Mountain Tip 8/
Southern 6<i?> 7%
Plains i>@ 6
HOPS— ISSS crop, 12',414c per Ib for ordinary.
H v j«ls%c for good and 16@13c for choice to
fancy.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, s'/4c spot and
o%c future; Wool Bags. 26@2Sc. .
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, |7 CO; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wall:iend, $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $8 o<Xg:9 In bulk and
$10(&il0 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania •Ynthratitu
Egg, $14; Cnnnel, $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs
and Castle Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ion In
bulk and $14 In sacks.
CORDAGE— ManiIa, 9%c; Sisal, S%c; Duplex,
''CANNED FRUlTS— Cherries, $1 35£«1 50 for
CANNED FRUlTS— Cherries. $1 35 (&1 50 for
black and $1 Co@l 80 for white; Peashes, $1 «t®
175; Pears, $1 45@1 50; Apricots, $1 35@1 50;
Plums, 9.">c<6sl 15.
CANNED VEGETABLES— 85cgi$l 25;
Asparagus, $1 50Q1 75; Tomatoes, BoCf9oc.
COFFEE— Rica, 15@16c nominal for
prime washed; 13%'514%c nominal for pood
washed; 12'£@15c for good to prime washed
peaberry; ll@ll'4c for good peaberry; ll&@13c
for good to prime; 10@llc nominal for good
current mixed with black beans; !fg;iO%3 tor
fair; s%(gkVi!C for common to ordinary, Salva-
Ufa 13c nominal for good to prime wanned;
B@loc for fair washed; 10%<gll%e for good to
prime washed peaberry; B%c nominal for su
| perior unwashed; B@B%c for good green un
washed; 9',2(i.iine for good to prime unwashed
peaberry. Nicaragua— B@B%c nominal for good
to superior unwashed; 9V4@loc nominal for
good to prime unwashed peaberry. Guatemala
and Mexican— leViSn^c for prime to fancy
washed new crop; 14V4@16c for good to strictly
good washed new crop; ll%<g'l4c for good to
strictly good washed, old crop; 9@llc for fair
washed old crop; 7©B%c for medium old crop;
srp6%c for inferior to ordinary old crop; 10©
ll%c for «rood to prime washed peabsrry old
crop; 9%®10c for good unwashed peaberry old
crop; BQ'B%c for good to superior unwashed old
crop.
PACIFIC CODFlSH— Bundles, 4c; cases, se
lected, 4'ic; imitation Eastern, 5V«c; boneless,
:.•..; strips, .-'ViV'.-c; blocks. 5%(&7c; tablets,
7%c; middles, 6%«i8%c per 1b; desiccated. 87% c
per dozen; pickled cod, barrels, each, $S;
pickled cod, half barrels., each. $4 r,O.
LEATHER— There has been a strong demand
in the Western market for harness, and this
demand was of material advantage to the tan
ning trade In this city. These grades of leath
er have been selling freely and at full rates.
Sole leather has b^eon relatively lower. Sole
Leather, heavy, 2.".f»r2Sc per tt>; Sole Leather,
medium, M®26c; Bole Leather, light, 8026 c;
rough Leather, heavy. M©Jsc; rough Leather,
light, 23@24c; Harness Leather, heavy, 32' ( ;34e;
Harness Leather, medium, 30@32c; Harness
Leather, light 27029 c; Collar Leather, 1401(0
per foot; Kip, finished, 40045 c per lt>; Veal, fin
ished, 60065 c; Calf, finished, 75c(J($l 00; Sides,
finished, Willie per foot; Belt Knife Splits,
1401SC per If>: Rough Splits, B@loc.
OlL— California Castor Oil, cases, No. 1, 95c;
barrels, 90c per galfon (manufacturers' rates);
Linseed Oil, In barrels, boiled, 64c; raw. 52c;
cases 5c more: Lard Oil, extra winter strained,
barrels. 68c; No. 1, 46c; cases, 5c more; China
Nut, 4J'T<f>r>o per gallon; Pure Neatafoot Oil.
barrels, 6ac: cases, 70c: No. 1, barrels, 55c;
cases. 60c; Sperm, crude, 60c: natural white,
40c; bleached white, 4oc; Whale Oil, natural
white, 40c; bleached white, 4".c; Pacific Rubber
Mixed Paints, white and house colors, $1 25@
135 per gallon; wagon colors, $2 00@2 25 per
gallon.
PETROLEUM. GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA—Water White Coal Oil, In bulk, 12% c per
gal'.onf Pearl Oil. in cases, 17% c; Astral Oil.
17'; C ; Star Oil, 17V.0; Extra Star Oil, 21% c;
Elaine OH, 22% c; Eocene Oil. 19% c; Deodorized
Stove Gasoline, in bulk, 15% c; in cases, 21c;
Benzine, in bulk, 15c; cases, 20c; 86-degree
Gasoline. In bulk. 21c; In cases, 26c.
CANDLES— Electric Light Candles, 6s, 16 oz,
7J4c; Cs, 14 oz, 6\c; 6s, 12 oz, 6c; 6s, 10 oz,
&Uc. Granite (Mining) Candles— 6s, 16 oz, 9%c;
6s, 14 oz, iUc, 6s, 12 oz, 7ftc; 6s, 10 oz, 6%c;
Paraf fine Wax Candles— la, 2s. **. 6s, IS*. whJU.
BHc; colored, 9%c. : ' _ -. ■ ■ }
WHITE LEAD— at 6@7c per !!>. - -
TURPENTINE— In cases, 64c; In Iron barrel*,
69c; in wooden barrels, 610 per gallon.
• LUCOL— Boiled, barrels, 4»o; raw, barrels,
470; cases. 5c more. ;■< . . • - ■
QUICKSILVER— S42 per flask for local use
and $38@38 SO for export. . - ,
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, CniHne.l
and Fine Crushed, 6%c; Powdered, C%c; Candy
Granulated, 5%c; Dry Granulated, 5%c; Con
fectioners' A. 5%c; California A, 5%c; Alagno
lia A, 5%c; Extra C. B^c; Golden C. s^o; half
barrels, hie more than barrels, and boxes %c
more. No order taken for lees than 75 barrels
i or Its equivalent.
LUMBER.
LUMBER— Retail prices are' as follows: Pine,
ordinary elzes, $15 60@18; extra sizes, higher;
Redwood, $17 for No. 1 and $H@l6 for No. 2;
Lath, 4 feet, $2 20@2 30: Pickets, $14; Shingles,
$1 35 for common and $2 25 for fancy; Shake*.
- — for split and $10 60 'for sawn; Rustic, $15
®21.
SAN ■ FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Values for all descriptions remain unchanged
and firm as a rule. The demand and supply
about balance.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: - ■ ... .**
BEEF— First quality, 7e; second quality, 6^
6Uc; third quality, 5@5%c.
VEAL— Large, 6%@7'/4c; small, 7!?8c per IT>.
MUTTON— Wethers, 8c; Ewes. 7V4c. -»
LAMB— S@9c per tt>. . .„_.,. ~
PORK-Llve Hogs, 4@4%c for large. **&**£
for medium and 3'/4«?4c for small; stock Hoga,
3Hc; dressed Hogs, 6@7c for prime.
' RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Tuesday, January IT.
Flour, qr ska.... 12,253 Hay, tons "S
Wheat, ctls 790 Straw, ton. »
Barley, ctls 1.790 Pelts, bdls »»
Butter, ctls 227 Hides, No. ™
Cheese, ctls 87 Wool, bales -»
a ns s k 8 s k3 ..:::::: S 93®$&s£ *g
Middlings, sks .. 500 IBrandy,1 Brandy, gals .... 3.000
F\ u ax tar d ks skß ... 721 Leather, rolls .. 1 "-?
?olatoe k . sk,-;.:. 3.847 Chicory, bbls .... 15
Middlings, B k. .. oi S^ on ,-■
Flour, qr ska.... 900|Middling 9 sk. .. 315
Potaioes, sks-;:.: «I\W&. bal« .1
EASTERN.
Corn, ctl» «*>l
NEVADA.
Hay, tons *"|
THE STOCK MARKET.
Local securities were lively, with a. number
of fluctuations. Contra Costa Water sold down
to J6O and up to $61 76. Hawaiian Commercial
sold higher.
Mining stocks dragged along in the usual
rut with no changes worthy of mention.
The Alaska Mexican Gold Mining Company
has declared dividend No. 17 of 10c per share,
abrogating $IS,OOO, payable on the 28th.
The Alaska Treadwell Gold Mining Company
has declared dividend No. 39 of 37% c per share,
or $75,000, payable on the 28th.
The Julia Consolidated assessment of 3 cents
per share will be delinquent in the company's
office to-day.
The stockholders of the Columbian Banking
(V.nniany have elected directors for 1599 as
follows: I. J. Truman. W. S. Miller, C. O.
Perry, J. C. Currier, John Coop, F. L. Turpln
and R. H. Warfleld. I. J. Truman has beeen
elected president, W. S. Miller vice-president
and C. O. Perry cashier and manager.
The annual meeting of the Sierra Nevada
Mining Company will he held to-day.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, Jan. 17—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
Bonds— | Cent LAP...— 18
4s quar coup.. 112%113Vii Mutual El Co. — 13
4s <juar re?... — — Oakland Gas.. 47 48
4s quar n-w.. — — Pac Gas Imp.. — 85%
Ss quar c0up..107%108*4 Pac L Co 43 60
Mis;«-ie.ue<:Ub— ;8 FG & 8.... 84 —
Cal-st Cab 55..1!2 — San Fran 3% 3%
Cal £\*c 5.... 3 25V4 127% Stockton Gas.. 11% —
C C Wat 5s 104 — i Insurance—
Dup-et ex c... — 98% Flrem's Fund.2lo —
E L & V 65.... 131 132 Bank Stocks—
K&CI Ry 65.. 114 — Anglo-Cal 65% 67
Geary-st R ss. — 102 Bank of Ca1.. .255 —
HC & S 5%5. — 105 Cal S. D & T.. 98 —
LAL Co 65. .100 — First Nat10n1.224 235
Do Kntd 65...100%101% Lon P & A. ...133 —
Market-Pt 65...126 — Mer Exchange — 16
Do Ist M'55..116>4 — Nev Nat Bankl76 —
N C N G R 75. 107 — ' Savings Banks—
NRy Cal 65.. 114 — Ger S & L...1630 —
N Ry Cal 58..111U — Hum S & L..1050 1160
NPC R R 65.104 106 Mutual Say.. 35 45
N P C R R 65.100Vi100% S F Say V.. 487V4 —
N Cal X R 5«. »BVjIOS 8& L 50.... — 100
Oak Gas 55. ...109 112 Security S B 300 350
Om Ry 65......128 — Union T Co.. — 1500
P&CI Ry 65..104V4107's Street Railroads—
P&O 6s 109 — California .... — 112
Powell-st 65...120 122 V&! Geary ..45 —
Sac El Ry 65.. — — 'Market-st ..... 59% 60
8F& N P 55.110«4 — Oak SL,& H. — —
SierraßCal 65.104>*103% Presidio — 11
S P of Ar 6s.llOHUl Powder—
8 P C65(1905-6)113% — California ....150 155
SPC 6s (1912)121^ — E Dynamite... 89 —
SPCIs eg ss. 103 — ■ Giant Con Co. 59 59%
8 P Br 65....122%123\i VlKorlt ........ 3 3%
S V Water 85.119%120>4 Miscellaneous—
S V Water 45.103&103V4 Al Pac Asan..lC6%loC%
S V W4s(Sdm). — — Ger Lc Wk5...175 —
Btktn Gas 65.. 104 — Hana PI C 0... 18^4 18%
Water Stocks— H C A S Co.. 58% 59
Contra Costa.. 61% 61% Hutch S P Co. 34 34%
Marln Co 50 — Mer Ex Assn.. SO —
Spring Valley. — Oceanic S Co. 64% 65
Gas & Electric— Pac A F A.... 1 1%
Capital Gas... — — Pac C Bor Co. 100 — .
Cent Gaslight. 105 — Par Paint Co.. I — \
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Packers' Assn 106 37%
45 Alaska Packers' Assn 100 50
25 Contra Costa Water 60 00
25 Contra Costa Water 60 25
On Contra Costa Water fio 50
25 Contra Costa Water 6100
60 Contra Costa Water 6175
60 Contra Costa Water 61 50
50 Contra Costa Water, s 30 60 75
250 Contra Costa Water, k Sn 61 00
75 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 58 73
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 69 00
2«5 Hutchinson S P Co 34 00
ISO Oakland Gas 47 00
1 S F Gas & Electric Co 85 00
100 S F Gas & Electric Co 84 50
50 Spring Valley Water 100 87%
100 Spring Valley Water 100 75
Street—
40 Alaska Packers' Assn 106 23
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 Alaska Packers' Assn 106 50
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 5S S7H
80 Hutchinson S P Co 34 00
$1000 North Ry of Cal 6 per cent b0nd5.. .114 25
25 Oakland Gas 47 23
50 Oceanic S S Co, s 60 64 50
20 Oceanic S S Co 64 50
205 S F Gas & Electric Co 84 50
150 Spring Valley Water, s 10 100 75
70 Spring Valley Water, s 10 100 87%
151 Spring Valley Water, s 10 100 60
$9000 S P of C 6 per cent bonds (1905-06). .113 50
$300 V S 3 per cent bonds 108 00
Street—
$1000 S V 4 per cent bonds (3d mortgage) . 101 60
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
25 Equitable Gaslight 15 50
30 S F G"as & Electric 84 50
E0 Giant 69 50
20 Contra Costa Water 60 00
$2rtoo S V Water 4 per cent 2d issue 103 25
100 Central Light & Power 18 12%
10 Alaska Packers' 105 87%
25 Hawaiian 58 12%
Street—
85 Equitable Gaslight 15 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
40 Spring Valley Water 100 75
20 Contra Costa Water 62 00
60 Mutual Electric 12 25
MINING STOCKS.
Folio-win* were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher 17 100 Ophlr 53
100 Crown Point ... 14 500 Potosl 15
400 Occidental 30 300 Sierra Nevada.. 71
Afternoon Session.
500 Andes 051600 Potosl 15
100 Belcher 17(100 Potosl 14
100 Con Cal & Va..l 30 • 200 Sierra Nevada.. 69
100 Hale & Norcrs. 091100 Sierra Nevada.. 70
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday
Morning Session.
1000 Andes 05 ICOO Justice 11
700 Belcher 16 200 Ophlr 61
200 Best & Belcher. 39 100 Savage 10
400 Con Cal & Va.l 37>i 300 Savage 09
1200 Con Cal & Va.l X 500 Seg Belcher .... 03
.10 Justice 14j 800 Sierra Nevada.. 70
100 Justice 12% 300 Sierra Nevada.. 71
700 Justice 12 1
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes 05 500 Oould & Curry.. 25
200 Belcher 16 SCO Occidental 25
700 Best & Belcher. 38 400 Ophlr 50
200 Caledonia 211 800 Potosi 14
50 Con Cal & Va..l 30 1 200 Sierra Nevada.. 69
200 Con New York.. 03 600 Union Con 31
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, Jan. 17—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha Con — 04 Julia — 04
Alta 04 06 Justice 10 — .
Andes 05 06 Kentuck — 10
Belcher 16 17 Lady Wash .... — 05
Benton Con 04 10 Mexican 31 32
Best & Belcher. 37 38 Occidental 28 30
Bullion 02 03 Oplilr 60 62
Caledonia 20 22 ' Overman 06 07
Chollar 11 12|Potosi 14 1J
Challenge Con.. 11 13 Savage 08 10
Confidence 55 60 Scorpion — ©3
Con Cal & Va..l 30 135 Seg Belcher.... 02 03
Con Imperial... — 02 Sierra Nevada. 68 70
Crown Point ..10 14 Silver Hill — 04
Con New York. 03 04 (Syndicate — 10
Eureka Con .... 30 —'Union Con 30 32
I Exchequer — 03 Standard 195 —
I Gould & Curry 25 26 Utah 10 II
I Hale & Norcrs. 08 Wi Yellow Jacket.. 13 15
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
Company.
Day of
Sale.
:ciaentu !
nloa
tail
ilia
ides
lollar
ivagre ...-
lie & Norcross.
81
67
29
29
47
48
M
1
..Nov. 28
..Dec. 29
..Jan. 7
..Jan. 29
..Jan. 19
..Jan. 24
Feb. 31
..Feb. 4|
'..Jan.
|..Jan.
..Feb.
..Feb.
..Jan.
..Feb.
..Feb.
..Feb.
10
IS
OS
03
05
10
10
15
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Louise Wormser to Caroline K. Glvln. lot on
W line of Polk street, 109:6 S of Clay, S 75:6,
W 75, N 12, W 60. N 47:8^4, E 43:6, N 15:9%. X
81:6; $10.
Patrick and Annie G. McDonnell to William
L. Gerstle, lot on N line of Washington street,
SO E of Webster, E 60:6 by N 127:8 Vi: $10.
German Savings and Loan Society to James
Conlin, lot on NE corner of McAllister and
Scott streets, E 30 by N 100; $10.
William and Maria Mocker to Lillie C. Rivers
(wife of Christopher C), lot on N line of Hayes
street, 37:6 W of Devlsadero, W 25 by N 70:2;
Edward J. Curry to Mary C. Curry, lot on E
line of Lyon street, 100 N of Pine, N 25 by E
106:3; gift.
William and Edward Hubacek to Barbara
Hubacek, lot on E line of York street, 277 S of
Twentieth, S 25 by E 100; gift.
Hlbemia Savings and Loan Society to Samuel
Crozier, lot on W line of Mason street, 65:9 N
of Jackson, N 62:9 by W 137:6; $6000.
Henry Matthews to Mary Matthews (wife),
lot on SE corner of Jackson street and Stouts
alley, S 53 by E 31; gift.
Same to same, lot on S line of Vallejo street,
91 W of Stockton, S 68.9 by W 24; gift.
Same to Mary J E Cryan (wife of Robt W W
Cryan), lot on N line of Post street, 107.11 W
of Kearny, W 60 by N 137.6; also being 137.6 W
of old line of Kearny; gift.
Same to same, lot on S line of Vallejo street,
115.6 W of Stockton, W 22 by S 68.9; gift.
Same to same, lot on S line of Vallejo street,
65 W of Stockton. W 26 by S 68:9; gift.
Same to same, lot on NW corner of 50-vara
lot 97, E on Clay street, SO by S 6L6 (S Clay,
67.6 W of Stockton, W 80, S 67.6, E 40, N 10, E
40, N 57.6); gift.
Margaret Coughlin to John D. Cough! ln, lots
1 and 16, 7 and 10, block 456; lots R and 9. block
487, Bay View Homestead Association; gift.
Lucy E Galavottl to Thos W and Christopher
C Rivers, lot on NW corner of Chenery, 238
SW of Roanoke, SW 60 by NW 100; $1000.
Alameda County.
Charlotte Keene to L. E. Phillips and H. A.
Massey. undivided \i Interest in following:
Lot on NE corner of West Fifth and Lewis
streets, N 100, X 50, S 30. W 25, S 70, W 25. to
beginning, block 496, Bay View Homestead,
Oakland; also lot on NW corner of West
Fifth and Henry streets, N 63 by W 50, block
496, Bay View Homestead, Oakland; grant.
The McCarthy Company (a corporation) to
Mary English, lot 42. block C, Parsons' Golden
Gate Tract, Oakland Annex; $375.
William J. Laymance to Nellie H. White,
lots 12 and 13, block 13, on map of resubdi
vislon of lots 1 to 4, 6 to 13 and 20, Warner
Tract, Brooklyn Townphlp; $10.
Joseph F. Rose to Flora V. Rose, lot on E
line of Haven stret^t, 300 N of B, N 2S by E
135, being subdivision A of lot 4. block 802,
Watts Tract, Map 2, Oakland; gift.
J. L. Brown to Hattie M. Hall, lot 3. block
D. Brnokhurst & Whltcher Tract, Oakland; $5.
Florence E. Blair to William Clift, undivided
one-quarter Interest in lot on NE corner of
Fourteenth and Clay streets. E ISO by N 103:9,
block B, City Hall Tram. Oakland; $10.
William P. and Alice F. Todd to Edward and
C. A. Meek and Blanche T. Heath, lot on SE
line of First avenue. 50 NH of East Eleventh
street, NE 50 by SE 100, block 27, Clinton, East
Oakland; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
J. Swelgert (owner) with Charles L. Wil
liams (contractor), architects Wolfe & Mc-
Kenzle, all w.irk except plumbing, tinning,
brick work, excavating and cement work for a
two-story frame residence on SW corner of
Steiner street and Broadway; frame is up.
$7fi<> 25; brown mortar on, $766 25; completed and
accepted, $766 25; thirty-five days after, $766 25;
total, $3065.
Taxes on Hearths and Windows.
Among the most curious of the taxes
which have from time to time been
imposed are those upon chimneys and
upon windows. The former tax was first
enforced In 1662, and was at the rate of 2
shillings upon every hearth or chimney.
This was an obnoxious tax, and William
111 immediately on his accession to the
throne obtained some popularity by send
ing a message to Parliament desiring 1 that
the imposition should he taken off (March
1, 1659), and his Majesty's faithful Com
mons complied with their sovereign's re
quest. The window tax, of which our
fathers and grandfathers still talk, was
not repealed until 1851.— The Cornhill.
•THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
January, 1899.
Hi
4
Sa.
Mooa's Phas«s
January 4.
li
21
f^r. New Moon.
\*J January 11.
-tk First Quarter,
S. January 18.
2i
a Full Moon.
©Full Moon.
W January 26.
BUN, MOON AXD TIDE.
United Btates Coast and Geodetic Surrey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY IS.
Sun rises 7:23
Sun sets S:IS
Moon rises 0:16 a. m.
C ITlme Tlmel Time Time
£ Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
.<» H W LW HW LW
: ... 4:38 6.7| 11:22 1.01 5:32 3.9 10:42 2.1
i ... 5:29 6.8 12:30 0.61 7:04 3.8 11:39 J. 5
I ... 6:20 6.8 1:32 0.2| 8:25 4.0
LWHW L W H W
... O:3S 2.9 7:11 6.9 2:29—0.1 9:30 4.1
... 1:36 3.0 8:01 5.9 3:151—0.3 10:20 4.3
; ... 2:32 3.0 8:481 5.8 3:56'— 0.5 11:001 4.5
... 3:21 3.0 -9:31| 5.8 4 :31 | — 0.5 11:36| 4.G
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
nnd the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisoo, Cal..
January 17. 1899.
The time ball was not dropped to-day on ac
count of failure to receive signals.
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U S. N.. In rhnree.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
yeneia
has. Nelson...
:ineola
mplre I
ewburg \<
rescont Ctty..i
rlzaba I
ity of Sydney,
oint Arena —
nmoa
rcata
hllkat
olumbla I
anta R05a.....
ity of Rio
Til 1 i
Nanalmo IJan. :
Puget Sound Man.
Tacoma |j a n. :
Coos Bay ! Jan.
Grays Harbor ijan. :
ICrescent City 'Jan.
'.Newport Jan.
Panama Man. :
Point Arena I Jan. 1
Humboldt iJan. ]
Coos Bay [Jan. I
Humboldt jJan. ;
(Portland Jan. !
San Diego IJan.:
China and Japan iJan. ;
Coos Bay iJan. !
Humboldt IJan. i
iTaqulna Bay Man. !
[Victoria & Puget Sound! Jan. I
[Newport IJan.:
Tacoma i.Tan. :
Portland IJan. :
(Seattle IJan. :
'Nanalmo I Jan. :
iHumboldt Man. :
ISan Olego Man. !
(Portland [Jan. '
. Blanchard..
omona I
, r eeott I
,'alla Wa11a...!
oor Bay I
.'ashtenaw
tilton
.'lllamette !
lam I
forth Fork i
orona I
co. W. Older, l
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer
\V.
Nona ...
iance ...I
zaba . . .
Nelson..!
lkat ....
!
Destination. Sails. I Pier
Point Arena.. Jan. 18, 3 pm|Pier 2
San Diego Jan. IS. 11 ampler 11
Panama Jan. 18, 12 m!PMSS
Portland Jan. 18. 10 am Pier 24
Humboldt Jan. 19, 2 pm Pier 9
Oregon Ports. Jan. 19, 10 am Pier 20
Jan. 20, 9 am! Pier 11
iPugPt Round. Jan. 20. 10 ami Pier £
Humboldt.... Jan. 21. 2 pmiPier 13
Vie & Pgt Sd. Jan. 21, 10 amlPler 9
Point Arena. .Jan. 21, 3 pmlPler 2
ICoos Bay 'Jan. 22. 10 am. Pier 13
iSan Diego Jan. 22. II amiPler 11
(Portland [Jan. 23. 10 am! Pier 24
ICoos Bay I Jan. 23, 4 pmlPler 13
Newport Man. 24. 9 ami Pier 11
Yaqulna Bay. i Jan. 24 1
IPyrln«\v Man. 25, 2 pm'Pier 7
China A-JapanJnn. 85. 1 pm'PMSS
Destination.
sen ..... j
Arena..
rata I
numoia . . !
Blnchrd.l
jos Bay
'eeott
artposa ..I
Ip'n Maru'
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained In San Francisco Tor the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense. .
Navigators are cordially. Invited to vlalt tb«
office, •whera complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory. Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball *»** d .T, 0 , p P* 4
on time or gWing the error. If any. Is published
in the mornlnr papere the f "' lo^ 1 "5 T ° av i_ a
Lieutenant. TT. S. N- In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. January 17.
Ptmr Czarina. Collins, 7 days from Seattle.
Stmr Chilkat, Anderson, 34 hours from Eu»
reka.
Stmr Pomona, Ehea, 18 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Queen, Jejsen, 64 hours from Victoria
and Puget Sound.
Br Btmr Wellington, Salmond, 5 days from
Departure Bay.
Schr Newark, Beck, 16 hours from Bowens
Landing.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, January 17.
Stmr Corona, Debnpy, San Diego; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Doric, Smith, Hongkong via Yoko
hama and Honolulu; O & O S S Co.
Stmr Geo W Elder, H inkle, Astoria: O R &
N Co.
Ship E B Sutton, Carver, New York; John
Rosenfeld's Sons.
Bark C D Bryant, Colby. Honolulu; "Williams,
Dimond & Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday, January 17.
Stmr G'psy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Ohilkat, Anderson, Eureka.
Stmr Bonita, Nicol=on.
Br stmr Doric, Smith, Hongkong and Yoko
hama via Honolulu.
Brig Harriet G, Wayland, Punta Arenas.
Schr La Chllena, Madsen. Fort Ross.
Schr Monterey, Beck. Bowens Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Jan. 17. m p. m.— Weathef
cloudy; wind NE; velocity 12 miles.
CHARTERS.
The City of Papeete returns to Tahiti.
The Rodenbeck loads lumber on the Sound
for Callao; C F Sargent, coal at Tacoma for
Honolulu: Hayden Brown-, coal at Departure
Bay for Kahului.
DISASTER.
The Btmr Noyo, from Fort Bragg for San
Francisco, went ashore on Duxbury Reef at
4:30 o'clock this morning. She was floated off
and was worked into Bolinas Bay, where she
is now anchored in a waterlogged condition.
The fishing- steamer Henrietta went alongside
and brought down three of her crew and eight
passengers. No lives were lost. Nine of the
crew of the wrecked Jewel also came down.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Czarina — Had a succession of south and
southeast gales for six days.
Per Wellington— Had strong southerly and
southeasterly gales for three days.
MISCELLANEOU&
LONDON, Jan 16— Thp stmr Columbia, from
Oregon, at Majl, sustained slight damage in
collision.
X) 'UK— Arrived Jan 17— Stmr City of Peking,
hence Dec 23, slightly damaged by collision
with unknown vessel.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BOWKNS LANDING— SaIted Jan I«— Schr
Newark, for San Francisco.
< ■< >■ >S BAY— Arrived Jan 17— Stmr Arcata. he
Jim ir..
OKAYS HARBOR— Arrived Jan 16— Schr Ida
McKay, hence Jan 8; stmr Sequoia, he Jan 12.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Jan 17— Schr Maria
E Smith, for Honolulu.
TACOMA— Sailed Jan 17— Bark Highland
Light, for Antofogasta.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Jan 17-Schr
Monterey, hence Jan 16.
VENTURA— Arrived Jan 17— Stmr George
Loomis, hence Jan 16. ,
ALCATRAZ— Arrived Jan 17— Stmr Grace
Dollar, hence Jan 15.
TACOMA— Arrived Jart 17— Bark Gerard C
Tobey, hence Jan 7.
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 17— Schr Mary E
Russ, from Champerlco; schr Twilight, from
San Pedro.
Sailed Jan 17— Rchrs Eva and Fortuna and
Btmr Hueneme, for San Francisco.
PORT LOH ANGELES— Arrived January 17—
O M Kellogg, from Grays Harbor; Btmr Alca
rar, from Greenwood.
ASTORlA— Arrived Jan 17— U 8 stmr Com
modore Perry, from Seattle.
Sailed Jan 17— Stmr Signal, for Seattle.
VENTURA— SaiIed Jan 17— Stmr O Loomis.
for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Jan 16— Br stmr Em
press of India, from Vancouver.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Jan 16— Br ship Ra
hane, hence Ancr 4.
SYDNEY— SaiIed Jan 16— Br stmr Moana, for
San Francisco.
DOWNS-Sailed Jan 14— Br ship Glenard. for
San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— PaIIed Jan 17— Br stmr Cop
tic, for San Francleco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
foh_ Steamers leave Broadway
fifeta^ •wharf, San Francisco:
i iSS^. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
1 EKT^^X**!". Jan - 1] » 16 ' 21 - 26 - 31 Feb. 5;
\ rakSnHval change at Seattle.
i HBa^US&l For Victoria, Vancouver, (B.
BlQAasSg|S&l C), Port Townsend, Seattle,
V v Tacoma, Everett, Anacorte*
■ an d New Whatcom (Wash),
I 10 a. m., Jan. 11, 16, 21, 26, 31;
Feb. 5 and every fifth day thereafter: change-
at Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska and G.N. Ry.; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.;
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. >
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m., Jan.
14, 19, 24, 29; Feb. 3, and every fifth day there-
a For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon.
Cavueos, Port Harford, (San Luis Obispo),
Gavlota, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport 9 a. m.. Jan. 12, 16. 20. 24, 28; Feb.
1 and even' fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m.. Jan. 14, IS, ?2, 2«, 30, Feb. 3, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., Jan. 14, Feb. 9.
Mar. 9. "Apr. 6. , .. . .
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice, steamers, sailing? dates
ar<l hours of saillnc.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0, R. & CO,
DIPPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
r 5 o :r, tl j± 3st id
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE SI 2 First Class Including Berths
IMnL $8 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia sails Jan. 3. 13, 23, Feb. 2.
State of California sails Jan. 8, 18, 28, Feb. 7
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butt*.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
Compagirie Generate Transatlantic
(French Lino)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS --y^
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42, North dHMk
River, foot of Morton street.
LA NORMANDIE Jan, 28
LA GASCOGNE Feb. 4
I LA CHAMPAGNE Feb. 11
LA BRETAGNE Feb. 18
LA TOURAINE Feb. 23
First class to Havre, $65 and upward 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second class to
Havre. $45. 10 per cent reduction round trip
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green, New York
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents' 5
Montgomery aye.. San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets 1 n m foZ
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG.' cabling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. *
NIPPON MARU Wednesday T«« tic
AMERICA MARU .7 Tuesday' F?h* I?
HONGKONG MARU Friday > March 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates For
frelcht and paasaca apply at com D anv'« «f£-
-421 Market street, corner First '
i W. B. CURTIS. General Agent
f!ii*fil!^aC Th« Ba »s S. MARl-
[i£llilHfV SA Balls vla Hono -
j,sta w lulu and Auckland for
■ Sydney Wednesday,
OMSK P^ ? S. AUSTRALIA
/Kmmnii sails or Honolulu
CCnlßa[tt|*Wednesday, February
„ - * Wl ™ 8. 1899, at 2 p. m.
TOWN t0 o COOLGARDIE ' Australia, and CAPS
TOWN, South Africa,
J. D.'SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— Market St., San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
. Steamer "Monticello."
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat.
9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (S:3O p. m. except Thur.)
i Fridays l p. m. and 8:S0 p. m.
| Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and of flees— Mission Dock, Pier t.
1 Telephone Main 1503.IRD LUCK OF
THE THREE TEAR
OLD HORTON
Beat Pat Morrissey a
Short Head.
HE WAS THEN DISQUALIFIED
MYTH AGAIN UPSET ALL CAL
CULATIONS.
Captured the Handicap From Morel
lito and Sardonic at Odds of 30
to I—Outsiders1 — Outsiders Were ia
Favor.
.When, after capturing the second event
on the. card at lngleside yesterday, Hor
ton.. with Nash Turner up. was disquali- i
fied for a foul there was no end of kick-
Ing among a considerable number of race-
The race in particular was a
sev*n furlong run, decided under selling
conditions, for which Red Glenn ruled a
BtrotLg: choice. The latter ran as if stale, \
fur ha was never in it. Pat Morrissey,
Cyril and the three-year-old Horton had !
the race to themselves, and as the stretch
was reached were heads apart. On they
faced to the wire, Pat Morrissey on the;
Inside. Horton on the outside, Cyril sand
wiched between them. Nearly opposite j
ih-e . paddock some unavoidable crowding
took place, and Martin on Cyril was com
pelled to take his mount back. Then, in j
a fierce drive, Turner landed Horton first, !
a head before Morrissey, astride which !
TlioTpe rode a desperate finish. Thorpe
claimed a foul, and after mature deliber
ation., .the judges placed Horton last, the
purse going to Pat Morfissey.
The racing throughout was the best wiN
ncssed for some days at the local track,
outsiders cut quite a splurge, favorite*
poking their nosea over the wire on a
Couple of occasions only.
The acrobatic Myth furnished the sensa
tion iii the mile and a quarter handicap.
There was but two other starters, Sar
donic and Morellito, and once more the
ring- laid 3o to 1 against Frank Kittle
xhan's gelding. With liullman in the sad- ;
u-1.0., the outsider took the bit between his
teeth' and was never headed, winning by i
over-.a.. length. Morellito, the favorite,
Snatched the place from the Corrlgan en
.try i-iy a head.
. Th-e : b'pening event, a live furlong scram
-v^iit to Scintillate, a 9 to 1 chance,
. .p>:dderi. by, W. H. .Martin. Sokombeo took
■'••thfi'-'place from the heavy played Tulla
b: The favorite, Eye Opener, from
Ryan's stuMtr, was unable to get to
Liuiis Kzell's filly Loch Katrine defeated ;
burich of babies In th<> three furlong !
• without effort. She dosed an even- j
olce, winning wan indifferent ,
from Bona.
mile seliing run was only a gallop ;
• ;i:h Penny. The old fellow ruleu an
• y favorite, and was eased up at
Rey del Tierra as handily
■■ • . Morlnga for the place.
heap ones started in the j
rri;iie- run that followed, with Milt Young, ;
titry, a warm lirst choice. ]
: ■ Spencer gol Whalebaek
a bead before the favorite. Lim
■ nird.
Track Notes.
•■••■/'Turner. who rode Horton, was Buspend-
Just aa Inns as the
- muddy there will be more
. .'Hid the judgrs should con
i ly every race the
>: will -carry
• him to the
his practice should be Btopped,
'. it Is plainly n ntr >t done to secure the
ig, Turner was carried to the ex
. V/tppeme outside, and w.i.- no more guilty of
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
: INCxLx-SIDE RACE TRACK, Tuesday, Jan. 17. 1899.— Thirty-third
day of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club meeting. Weather cloudy ; track
njuddy.
SMITH, Presiding Jud*e.
.TAME? F. CALDWELL, Starter.
528. FI rof T HACE ~ Flve furlongB; selling; maiden three-year-olds and upward; pur?*.
i
v Hone. ARe. Weight St.
\im.
Hm.
%m.
Str.
Fin. !
Jockeys.
.' -u2O Pcintillate. 4 104 1 6
'■ 4:^l r S.vkornben, 4 10C 1
-.■."..■■.. Tullamoi-e. f. — 110 7
■••■... .(iottlPlb. 4 106 2
■■■;•.:• Eye Opener, a 110)8
■ 493 St; Krlstine. 3 37 9
: :. : :■...: -I^ord Cho^rerfleld, 5.112 '
iV4M." Abano. 3 941 4
-■..'SOS Varuba, I i»4 10
' •:':.;• .Travencore, 4 I'»'' !11
• . : 54<>V- 'Mornhollfl. 4 104[ 3
6 \i
32
1 I
2 h
5 1
8 3
fl 3
7 3
11
4 4
3 1
1 2
2 h
5 >i
S8
9 4
7 4
10 3
11
63
2 %
3 V.
I 1
4 3
6 4
7 4
- :
6 3
» 4
10 6
U_
11 W. H. Martin 1 6
2 1 Turner j 10
3 S Bullman 7-5
4 '*. Thorpe 6
" 2 H. Martin.... 5
610 '.ray 10
' I .T. Shields.... 20
86. Houck 60
9 8 Johnson i 100
10 8 Loulller 50
11 J. Woods I 60
8
IS
2
8
8-5
20
40
60
500
300
100
%. I :o3=Vi. WJm • -helm's b m. by imp Cavalier-imo
• ■ Good start. Won first three driving. * p - LavallPr lni P-
's29. SECOND RACE - Seven furlongs; MlMng; three-year-old? and upward; purse. $400.
lade"*'. Horse. Ac°. Weight. St
>«m.
>«m.
Mm.
Mm.
\m.
'.in.
Btr.
Btr.
Fin. I Jockeys.
Fin.
Jockeys.
«i^- L.
_
ft" Horton, 3 104 1
Morrlßsey, 6. .1091 3
I, 4 102 4
. O!enn, a V '
3 h
2 14
l 4
4
3 h
1 1,
2 2
4
3 3
1 h
2 14
4^
3 4
1 h
2 h
4
■ — j_ _____
♦1 h Turner .. . .
2 1 [Thorpe
3 h !H. Martin....
4 IBullman
3
3
2
9-2
9-2
3
6-2
8-5
' ■ : - ; ?Oi«o,un!!n>rl for fouling and placed last. ~
■■'■■ ■ Time— W. --o'i: '4. :50Vi: %, l:03V4; \, 1:30. Winner, F. McMahon'g he hv i^r^ ntf
:■,-•. fon-.Tfnnle B. Oood Ftart. Won first three driving "' D " p - nj L - nra c] ' c -
'■'■■'■■ t~, Horton was undoubtedly the best, but Turner let him swerve Tvril was hrofon ,f ♦«,»
:;.". Tprtilpck: Red Glenn needs freshening up. Morrlssey made a pa me 'showing.
>E;or| THIRD RACE— Three furlongs; two-year-old*; pur
.'•lfrdt-k." Horse. Weight. St.
•453 -J-och Katrine 1101 2
' ... Bono 110 1
... : -Kitty Kelly 110! 4
.*.."* It^lnnlrl Hushes. ..ll3' 8
... -Matt Hoftan 110! 3
... .Tonnif Rlley 110' 5
... <\-<tulns> 113! 7
... Ft. Anthony 1101 8
I
Wpic-ht. 1
St.
'im.
Mm.
V.m.
V.m.
*«n.
%m.
6tr.
1~2
23
3 3
63
4 h
I 2
7 4
8
6tr.
p. 1 ■ ._ ■ ; I Betti
— — — Jockey*. 'OP-
-1 2 I'itc.tt * ' (,-:,
2 2 Hennessy .... I 6
114 Thorp* ' ... I 4
*l * inullman ..'" i •
'■ '-• N". Turn«r...J 6
CS H. Shloldg.... 2
7 I J. Row ; ■ J
8 "■ Martin....! 5-2
Fin.
Jockeys.
Ltlnr.
Cl.
in».
CI.
3-2
10
•
15
3
80
8
••Coupled with Hona. '■ ~~ ■
Time -- Winner. L.. H. Ezell's br. f. by Huron-Ventura Good start Won » a «ir.<r
up. S««-ond and third driving. rt - vvon casing
Loch Katrine had been to the races before. The others were jrreen.
rr*>| FOURTH RA<^E-One rrile; selling: three-year-old!< and upward; purse KOD
Index. H<-. r A*e. Weight. (St. Vim. Hm. %m. Str. Fin. I Jockey*. io^'rj"
iMSi Much Penny, a US! 4 3 4 1 4 124 114 114 IN*. Turner" ' i 5
<.V'2)\Roy fie] Tierra. 8...U2! 2 lh 2h 21 2 4 25 ißiillman " c I
. <<U Uorlwtt, 4 10(111 2h 4 4 SH 31 'Thorpe 5 *
' ' MS Jo* tTllman. " 109 I 4 3 h 3 1 4 4 ißutter '.'.'.[.'.[ 3 12-5
■■•. v Time-''.. :2fi: 4. :SIV4: -V 1:17%: mile, 1:43',;. Winner, F. W. Don ft rv-,. h _ "
Hike nK-khurn-Maud Ward. Good start. Won very easily. Second and third' -iHvi >
..V-; Th<; wlnrW has forgotten his a«re and run*" better each fresh time out t™ t-ii
' ".longed for the (conr the last half mile. Rev del Tlerra ran a splendid race' oilman
: Scratched— Survivor 100. c
*rOQ FIFTH RACE— One mile; three year-old*; puree, $400. •
%m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
I
tnii
or!>e.
\.'M5 'Whaleback 1081 1 1 In 2h 3't 214 Ih Spencer — 7 ~ A
.■-r.no Milt Young 10713 3h Sh 2114 ih 2h H. Martin"?" it. J
V T.ir. [Tim 107 2 4 4 4 3 8 310 Turner " 1 \'\ „ I
V"sl.',Pnn Augustine 10714 21H 1% 1% 4 4 Dullman_;;;;; 12 \\
/ ;! .. .Time-Vi. :26H: 4. :'..'i; »i. 1:19%: mile. I:4G^. Winner. J. B. Dyer's br~7~hv i^T
-. Duncombe-Orange Leaf Good start. Won first three driving-. " * mp-
, '.: Martin on the favorite tried a half Nelson at the paddock, but Spencer squirmed «■,♦
•'•££ it. •' The winner waf not lacking In sameness. Route too far for San Auinj«tin.
I •■;■-.• • Pratchcd-Doremus 107. "susune.
KQQ SIXTH HACK— and a quarter miles; handicap; -four-year-olds and iito.m.
*}<&&• purse. $400. • P«ara.
r 1 ; — — . ,
•indpx." Horse. Age. Welprht.jSt. Std. %m. '^m. %m. Str. Fin. ! Jockeys. <?p. Ul a!
•'.524 Myth. 5 WR! S 11 12^ 12 It 4 Tl% 11% IBullman .....~12~
.r,rs -Morellito. 4.. 11212 2% 21% 2Vk 2h I 2h iPlgKOtt | " 4^
' jL Sn ?L^ a I?-2. n !£L_'' •_• 100 ' 13 i_ 3 3 2i = 3 |H. Martin.. . . 1 6-5
"tlfrie— U. :2G; %, :S2: %, 1:19; mile. 1:45: IV4 m. 2:ini. Winner. F. J. Klttleman'K eh *
by Imp. Killlcrates-Paradox. Good start. Won all three driving. ' •
The race was an "eagle bird" for the books. Myth went to the poet ragged and hun-
rry. Morellito is game as a Spartan.
. Btd.
Mm. %m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
foul riding than was Thorpe on Pat Mor
rissey, who carried both Cyril and Hor
ton wide.
The disqualification of Horton made a
difference of $3800 to Johnny Coleman. He
held the colt out in his book and backed
him on the outside.
"Daggle" Smith, the owner of Horton,
bet $200 on his colt, and was very wrathy
over the decision. He climbed the stairs
of the stand and engageu in quite a heat
ed argument with Judge Smith.
It is said that Frank Kittleman tried
to get Myth excused from the handicap.
He certainly has a great line on the gel
ding.
"KM" Weller. it is said, has failed to
back Hugh Penny for a dollar in any of
his three winning races, and now he is
wondering "why. 1 '
To-Day's Entries.
First Racr -Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
up; Belling:
91 Fred Gardner... loS 499 Paul* Kruger.... los
WO, H. Ketcham.los 49S Kamsln ....... Kb
625 Zornzzn 108 MB. MeClo«key...lls
521 Cnstake 102 Ml Amelia F0n?0...103
610 Carrie r 110 1 625 Prince Tyrant.. .los
337 Outgo 105 401 Torsion 105
626 Simmons 112
Second Race— One mile; selling; three-year
olds and up:
(515)Jenni« Reid .... M 515 Frank Jaubert.. 99
-,■>-, I n . , 9~ 525 Klidad 100
4"7 All Imoke 101 509 Ping '92
455 Diara ..'.'.'.'. .. -M 624 Robert Bonner.,lo9
527 Parerhota 92 _
Third Race— One and a half miles; handicap;
over six hurdles:
St Jacob 160 628 L'd Chesterfield. l4o
357 Huntsman '..'.. ■■ 157 615 Ocktunick 130
517 Granger ISO 416 J O 1 14»
(6l7)Tortonl 150 617 Rossmore 123
517V°kln« .! -I*2 488 Major H00ker...120
512 Major 140 617 De Los Reyes...l2s
Fourth Race-One mile; Balboa boulevard
stakes:
(f.OO)Su'rvlvor ...1121 524 Balllsta 100
(Sl9)Contne 1101
Fifth Race— Five furlongs; selling; three
year-olds:
60S Norn Ives 107 516 Casdale 112
508 Anchored 112 62» SlrjUrianr 102
<523)Ach 112 619 Don t Tell 107
609 Ann Page 100 1 504 Wheat King.. ..105
Sixth Race— Five furlongs; three-year-old«
and up:
■^19 Pomhre . •■• 94: (461) Rubicon ..... 115
(50S)Genua 54i 501 Novia 106
Selections for To-Day. ,
First George H. Ketcham, Torsion,
Prince Tyrant.
Second Race— All Sinpke, Elldad, Robert
Bonner.
Third Race— Major Hooker. Ockturuck, Tor
ton!.
Fourth Race— Survivor, Corsine, Balllsta.
Fifth Race— Casdale, Ach, Nora Ives.
Sixth Race— Sombre. Rubicon, Xovia.
CYCLING ODDS AND ENDS.
Bay City Whist Tournament—Secre
tary ScDvern in Hot Water.
Th. whist tournament of the
| Bay City Wheelmen will commence next
Baturdaj evening at the clubhouse. Valu
; rizi s will be awarded the successful
\ ones.
William Furman and Fritz Lacy, two
! L"S Angeles cracks, intend coming here
f,,r t! tournament. Frank Peck
■if Marysville, the champion of the Pacific
\p cted down.
The Calif rnla Bicyclists' Protective As
sociation of Loa A.ngelea has baen incor
porated. The capital stock is placed at
$10,000, of which $50 has been subscribed.
The direel rs are: A C. Harper, M. M.
I Qrigg, Charles J. George, M. N. George
: and H. C. Brown.
I Som-=> of the delega'os of the Associated
i Clubs are much Incensed over a state
i merit, cred retary Scovern, in a
mon thai If certain clubs (more
than a two-thirds majority, by the ywiy)
did not pay ti. befort the next
ni-t'.mc: they would not be allowed to
want to know since
Ken upon himself the
right what the clubs shall do,
I and say that If be is not very careful he
will be o\;st<<!. The feeling toward the
secretary is none too friendly among the
delegates, anyway, and this last outbreak
has •■ ich.
The Garden City Club is talking of
matchinp D. J. Sylvester and E. A. Bozlo
I for an unpaced pursuit race at their meet
'on January 29, .V this form of race is
< probably the mi st harrowing and dreary
nf all bicycle- events it is to be hoped the
j match will not be >■■ nsummated.
Commodore Watson relates a num
ber of interesting' anecdotes about
Farragut and other naval leaders in
next Sunday's Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 18, 1899.
TWO OVERDUE
COLLIERS REACH
PORT IN SAFETY
Czarina Had a Hard
Time of It.
STRIKE ON THE NIPPON MARU
WHITE ENGINEERS HAVE A ROW
WITH THE JAPS.
Harbor Commissioners Object to
Spring Valley Charges — Trouble
Over the Burying of a
Sailor.
The steam colliers Czarina and Welling
ton reached rort yesterday after a most
tempestuous passage from Puget Sound.
During nineteen hours of such weather as
Captain Collins says he has never seen
the equal of on this coast, the Czarina
made eighteen miles. Saturday night it
blew a hurricane and everything mov
able on the decks was washed away.
The chocks under the boats were washed
out and nothing was left to hold them
but the lashings. The waves that came
over the steamer broke in the coverings
of the boats and they were still filled with
water as the Czarina steamed up the
bay.
The side lights were washed away and
Saturday night when the waves were
breaking clean over the bridge the head
light could not be hoisted and a man had
to be stationed on the bridge ready to fire
off torches in case of an emergency. Be
tween Coos Bay and Yaquina Bay a large
quantity of new lumber was passed
through. Some of it was deck and some
rough timbers and Captain Collins is of
the opinion that it was some deckload
that was washed away during the storm.
The Wellington had a similar experience
to the Czarina and the other colliers as
they come in are sure to have tales of woe
to tell.
i There is trouble in the engine room of
I the Japanese steamer Nippon Marti. The
white engineers say the Japanese en
gineers are an ignorant set, not knowing
| the first rudiments of marine engineering,
, and until efficient assistants are given
: them they will refuse duty. On the Nip
• pon Maru there are four white engineers.
• Chief Whitburn, Second Gledden, Third
; Johnstone artd Fourth Howsagoe. The
I Japanese are headed by Chief Engineer
Ougi. He knows a little about his. busi
; ness, according to the white engineers,
but the others are useless.
"They cannot even act as oilers," said
i Third Assistant Johnstone yesterday.
J "All the work is thrown on our shoulu
i ers and we simply refused to do it. Yes
j terday Howsagoe and I quit. Gledden is
! sick in St. Mary's Hospital and none of
j us will go back unless we are given
| proper assistants. We stood it during the
j trip out from England because we were to
gel t-xtra help on our arrival in Japan,
i but the help never came and now we have
i struck. That's all there is to the matter."
If the Nippon Marti people seek to sup
ply the place of the striking engineers
' from the ranks of the local engineers they
, will be confronted with the same dlfn
j culty, as an American engineer will most
i certainly refuse to work under conditions
j which have caused an Englishman to
kick over the traces.
The Harbor Commissioners met yester
day, and discussed the payment of the
Spring Valley Water Company's bill for
water supplied the State on the front.
President Colnon thought the charge was
excessive, and said a flat rate should be
established, more 'particularly as the
water .company was using the State's
wharves for the carrying of mains. The
water company's representative said the
commission could make no plea on ac
count of the mains being on the wharves,
because they had a right to lay them on a
public highway. "Not on the State
wharves," broke in ex-Governor Budd,
who was present for the first time in the
capacity of the board's attorney. "You
Ot lay those mains on State property
without a permit." It was finally decided
to allow the matter to go over, and in the
meantime the board's attorney and the
water company's legal advisers will hold
a conference.
Bids for the erection of a shed for
Wftlls, Fargo & Co.. between piers 3 and
4. were ordered called for. At the next
meeting of the board the chances are that
the name of A. Page Brown as architect
of the new ferry depot will be ordered
added to the foundation-stone.
Th<- steamer City of Peking, which left
here on December 23 last, only reached
Kobe, Japan, yesterday. She was in col
lision with some unknown vessel and was
Slightly damaged.
The steamer Doric sailed for the Orient
yesterday. She carried a large quantity
of medical supplies for the soldiers at
I*l anil a.
Officers P. Mahoney and James Mackey
of the Harbor police had to assist at the
recovery of a body from the Portuguese
tiiuirding-house yesterday. A sailor named
Richard died there, and as he had a snug
bank" account. John Gomez, the boarding
master, proceeded to bury him and ad
minister on his estate. The Public Ad
ministrator heard of the death and took
a hand in the matter, with the result that
the police had to be called in before Go
mez would give up the body.
MRS. REGAN IN COURT.
The Hearing Continued for a Week
and Bail Refused for Her
Appearance.
Mrs. Elizabeth Regan appeared in Judge
Graham's court yesterday morning- for
her preliminary examination on the
charge of murdering mounted --ollceman
Thomas H. Kennedy at her father's
house, 232 Chenery street. Attorney Long
represented her, and Attorney . arrett
was present to assist Prosecuting Attor
ney Wentworth. Barrett has been en
gaged by Kennedy's relatives to look af
ter their interests.
The courtroom was crowded with peo
ple anxious to get a look at the defend
ant's face, but she thwarted their pur
pose by being heavily veiled in black.
Three of her sisters sat beside her.
When the case was called Attorney
Long answered that he was ready to pro
ceed, but the prosecution asked for a con
tinuance for a week so as to make prepa
rations for the examination. The Judge
granted the continuance. Then Long
made a strong plea for bail for the de
fendant, alluding to the fact that the Cor
oner's jury had brought in a verdict of
Justifiable homicide, but the Judge de
ADVERTISEMENTS. .. V
GET THE GENUINE.
Him j ad! Jaaos
J NATURAL APERIENT WATER.
For Disordered Stomach
For Constipation and Biliousness
ITS SUPERIORITY IS UNQUESTIONED.
Prescribed by the Medical Profession for 25 years.
SllIIJAdi J&nOS " ISA fi° us^ ld necessity.
clined to entertain the motion and the de
fendant was sent back to prison.
GUILTY YET ACQUITTED.
Smuggler Mallaby Succeeded in Hyp
notizing the Federal Grand
Jury.
To the great surprise of the United
States Attorney and all others conversant
with the facts, the Federal Grand Jury
yesterday unanimously ignored the charge
of smuggling made against Dr. Z. T. Mal
laby, a military surgeon, who arrived
from Manila on the Government transport
Senator last Saturday.
Mallaby was guilty, and confessed his
guilt. lie wns caught in the act, and
when searched on the wharf about forty
yards of ellk cloth was found wrapped
around hia body underneath his clothing.
He said that he had bought the silk as
a present for his wife, and that was too
poor to pay the duty on the silk.
Ex-Assistant United States Attorney
Bert Schlesinger appeared for wallaby,
and insisted on the prisoner's constitu
tional right to appear before the Grand
Jury. Mallahy was granted an audience,
told his Btory confessing his guilt, and
urged that as he had, constructively at
least, fought for his country, it would
be no more than right to let him go. Ttiey
thought so. too. ignored the bill and Mal
laby and his lawyer walked away, the
former with his tongue in his cheek and
the latter with a wink.
HIS OWN LAWYER.
Joe Castro's Original Way of Collect
ing His Wages Without Cost.
Joe Castro is a son of Sunny Italy, 25
years old. and his knowledge of the En
glish language is equal to his knowledge
of the law. This is why Prison-Keeper
Callinan at the California street station
did not understand what Castro said to
him yesterday through the bars concern
ing the cause of his arrest.
Castro was employed by a fish vender
named Ernest • Vannucchi in the Grand
Central Market. He alleged that Van
nucchl owed him $11 95 balance of his
monthly wages. Castro closed the stall
last Monday night and removed the cash
register to the fish stall of a creditor of
his employer. Vannucchi finding his reg
ister and Castro missing yesterday morn
ing lodged a complaint at the California
street police station charging Castro
with grand larceny.
MEREDITH WAS WARNED
OF FONG SUEY'S PLANS
EVIDENCE TO SHOW THAT HE
PAID NO HEED.
Damaging Facts Told by the Man
Who Notified the Chinese
Bureau.
The special agents' investigating com
mission did a big day's work yesterday,
having examined about half a dozen wit
nesses in the matter of the corrupt prac
tices alleged against the management of
the Chinese Bureau. Interpreter Ricketts,
called "Doc" by those who love him, was
asked as to the routine duties of the
bureau and the manner of conducting the
examinations of Chinese immigrants on
board the steamers at the Mail dock. His
testimony did not reveal anything new.
Arthur H. Lotto, a newspaper reporter,
was the most important witness of the
day. His testimony threw light upon the
shifty and evasive methods of Meredith
and his supporters, and brought out the
fact that Meredith had allowed the
Chinese procuress, Fong Suey Wan, to
escape with his eyes open and with the
knowledge that her friends were plan
ning for her escape. He told how he had
called Meredith's attention to the neces
sity for making a complaint against the
woman for the crime of importing female
slaves into this country, since Fong Suey
was being held only because she had not
produced her papers at the time of the
raid and therefore would be released by
Commissioner Heacock as soon as her
lawyers should produce her papers in
court, which they were then preparing to
do. He said that in reply to his warning
Meredith winked one eye very cunningly
and said, "We are getting up a great cose
against her."
On the next day the ■woman was taken
by her attorney, who is a daily companion
of Meredith in the bureau, before United
States Commissioner Heacock, and her
papers were produced In support of the
motion to discharge her from the only
charge made or pending, namely being
unlawfully in the United States. She
was accordingly at half-past 9 o'clock in
the morning discharged so far as lay in
the power of the Commissioner, that is,
he agreed to report to United States Dis
trict Judge de Haven in favor of her re
lease. The woman was then taken to the
rooms of the United States Marshal on
the floor below the office of the Chinese
Bureau and kept there in the prisoners'
room in full view of all visitors until 2
o'clock in the afternoon, when she was
taken before Judge de Haven and dis
charged.
The witness testified further that he
had been "informed by members of the
press that Collector J.ackson had in
formed them that Meredith had denied
to the Collector that he had been so
warned by Lotto." The witness there
upon called on Meredith and wanted to
know what- he meant by making him
(Lotto) a liar. Meredith denied the story
of his denial to the Collector, and offered
to go with the witness to the Collector
and straighten the matter. When the
witness informed Collector Jackson of
what Meredith had said, the Collector
declined to discuss the subject.
Lotto also testified to offensive lau
guage used by Meredith toward a re
porter of The Call because he had over
heard the reporter asking Assistant
United States Attorney Sehlesinger
whether Meredith had informed him that
he (Meredith) or anyone else had in
tended to place an additional charge
against Fong Suey Wan to hold her. He
added that a fight between the reporter
and the bureau chief was averted by the
interference of Jack Sherrard. chief "clerk
of the District Attorney. Mr. Sherrard
catching hold of Meredith and hustling
him into the corridor.
Mrs. Sallie C. Pickens, who filed serious
charges against Major Moore, will be ex
amined to-day.
Bobert Barr has a capital story in
next Sunday's Call.
Money Orders Late at Night.
Postmaster Montague has introduced an
innovation in the Postofflce system that
will oe a great accommodation to the pub
lic. Heretofore the issuance of money or
ders and the registering of letters nave
been shut down at 5 and 6 p. m. Under
the new regulation money orders and reg
istry receipt* will be issued and postage
stamps sold up to 11 p. m. daily at the
main Postofflce and Station D at the
ferry.
Indicted for Writing His Name.
The United States Grand Jury yesterday
found a true bill of indictment against
Michael J. Broderick for forging the name
of another Michael Broderick to a postal
money order for $100.
WAS WILLING TO
ADD MURDER
TO HIS THEFT
Moriarty's Narrow
Escape.
STRUCK AT IN THE DARK
DESPERATE STRUGGLE FOR POS
SESSION OF A KNIFE.
The Officer Succeeds in Placing the
Handcuffs on His Antagonist
and Then Finds His
Coat Cut.
An agile movement of Policeman John
J. Moriarty saved him from occupying a
slab In the Morgue early yesterday morn
ing. He dodged a bread knife with a keen
blade nearly twelve inches long.
Between 2 and 3 o'clock Policeman W.
J. Smith noticed that the glass panels of
the door of William Eyb's saloon, 233 A
Stevenson street, were broken. He
crawled through the window, and found
that the place had been ransacked by a
burglar. The money drawer had been
broken open and was empty, and the
bread knife and four bottles of whisky
had been stolen.
A boy from the Spreckels Market told
Smith that a man had come out of the
saloon a few minutes before and had
turned down Fourth street. Just then the
sergeant's whistle sounded, and Smith
went to meet him on Fourth street. After
the sergeant left Smith saw a man come
out of Donovan & Hourihan's saloon,
Fourth and Jessie streets, which had been
closed shortly after midnight, and he
concluded he was the burglar. Smith
went after him and the man commenced
to run.
Policeman Moriarty was coming down
Market street at the time, and seeing the
man running he suspected something was
wrong. As the man approached he or
dered him to stop. Instead of doing so,
the man made a rush at Moriarty and
slashed at him with the bread knife. Mor
iarty saw the knife in time to spring
aside, and the knife missed his body but
cut a hole in his coat. Before the would
be murderer could recover himself Mori
arty struck him a blow on the neck that
knocked him down. Moriarty sprang
upon him, and a terrific struggle ensued
for the possession of the knife. Moriarty
succeeded in drawing his club, and a blow
or two on the head made him master of
the situation. He had just got the hand
cuffs on the man when Smith arrived.
At the City Prison the man gave the
name of James Phillips, a molder, living
at 248 Tehama street. He is a big, strap
ping young fellow, much taller and heav
ier than the plucky policeman. When
searched 30 cents and a plugged quarter
were found on him and the quarter
was later identified by Eybs as having
been taken from the money drawer. The
bread knife was also booked as evidence
against him. The officers found that he
had also broken into Donovan & Houri
han's saloon, and two charges of bur
glary were booked against him. He is
also suspected of breaking into King's
store, 15 Fourth street, and stealing $4 or
$5 from the till. It was entered during
the early hours of the morning. Phillips
is unknown to the police.
TO BELIEVE DR. STEBBINS.
Bey. S. W. Brook, a Celebrated Bos
ton Divine, to Take the First
Unitarian Pulpit.
Rev. Stopford W. Brook of Boston,
where for a number of years he has been
the minister of the First Unitarian
Church, will occupy the pulpit of Dr. Steb
bins for probably six months. Dr. Brook
is the son of a distinguished English
clergyman of the same name, who was
long chaplain to the Queen, and is a very
scholarly divine. He has telegraphed his
acceptance of the offer, and will leave
Boston on the 30th inst., arriving in this
city in time to preach at the First Unita
rian Church the first Sunday in February.
Dr. Horatio Stebbins, after long years
of arduous and faithful work in the min
istry, finds it necessary to take a season
ot rest. He is still in good health, wich
mental faculties as clear as when . the
Starr King church first heard the voice
of its eloquent minister, but he feels that
a vacation from the pulpit is due him. in
Dr. Brook the people of the First Unita
rian Church will find a worthy successor
to their old and popular pastor.
WILL OF CHARLES M. CHASE.
Valuable Estate Distributed Among
Friends and Relatives.
The will of the late Charles M. Chase, at
one time president of the State Board of
Agriculture, was filed for probate yester
day. In the will, which is dated May 8,
1597, the testator bequeaths his widow all
his works of art and bric-a-brac, but
asks, in event she dots not care to retain
them, that they be given the Crocker
Art Gallery in Sacramento. Following
are the bequests:
To the widow, Kate Chase, $10,000; to
Sarah L. Chase, a sister, and Henry A.
Chase, a brother, $2500 each; to Frederick
H. Chase, a nephew, $1000; to the son of
H. A. Chase, in trust, $500; to H. A.
Chase, in trust for Mary Fitzpatrlck,
$2500; to Elsie Smith, daughter of Edwin
F. Smith, $1000; to Florence M. Boruok,
daughter of M. D. ©oruck. $,".00; to Ida
Erickson, a servant, $100. The residue of
thft estate is devised decedent's widow.
The estate will be administered by Mrs.
Chase and H. A. Chase.
PROTECTION AGAINST FIBE.
Sunnyside Is an Applicant for the
Preservation of Its Homes.
The frequent loss of homes and the per
sonal property of some of the residents
of Sunnyside within the past six months
has prompted the owners of property in
that section to ask the Supervisors for
the location of an engine and hose cart
in that district.
Within the past six months no less than
eight houses have been burned to tne
ground with an their contents. If there
had been an engine within call of tne
place no such damage would have oc
curred.
The loss of the property, together with
the high rate of premium asked by the in
surance companies for the taking of a risk
in any portion of the Sunnyside district,
has prompted the owners of real estate
to ask the Supervisors to provide tnat
place with an engine and hose cart.
He Shot at the Nurse.
Edward Forrest, an employe of the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company, re
siding at 224 Sagamore street. Ocean View,
took two shots at Mrs. Bridget Holbrook
at 1 o'clock yesterday morning. Forrest,
who had been indulging in strong arink,
returned to his home in an ugly mood
and commenced to abuse his stepchildren.
The woman, who was nursing his sick
wife, remonstrated, and Forrest picked up
his pistol and fired two shots at her,
neither of which took effect. Officers Dorn
and Herve, on hearing the shots, placed )
Forrest under arrest and booked him on
the charge of assault to commit mur- !
der.
Edison tells how he started on his
wonderful career of an inventor in
next Sunday's Call.
Salvation Army Colony Work.
Colonel Holland, national superintendent
of the Salvation Army colonies in the
United States, will address a public meet
ing at the Army Hall, 1139 Market street,
to-morrow evening. He has just re
turned from an inspection of the Fort
Romie colony in Salinas Valley, and the
principal portion of the evening's enter
tainment will be a drama called "The
Homestead," representing a poor man be
ing crowded out of a city to find a home
at Fort Romie. The incidents will be illus
trated with colony scenes from a stereop
ticon lantern.
HELMONT'S
VIOLIN RECITAL
Gerome Hehnont, a well grown lad of
perhaps 13 or 14, appeared in short trous
ers at the Sherman & Clay Hall last night
and played the violin. Master Helmont
Is a pupil and protege of Musin's. and his
bowing and general manipulation of the
instrument recalled that artist. The
youngster draws a strong, firm tone, se
cure and easy; his execution is quite ad
mirahle for one of his years, but his im
agination seems to find but little outlet
In his performances, which are not
ably mechanical. He was assisted last
night by Miss Grace Preston, a Sturdy
pianist, and Miss Ida Simmons, a contral
to of good tone within a limited range.
Other concerts will be given to-day and
Saturday afternoon in the same hall.
A Merchant's Anniversary.
Jacob Eppinger, one of the most promi
nent members of the Produce Exchange
of this city, entertained about twenty of
his friends" at dinner at a fashionable
rotisserie last evening in honor of the
thirtieth anniversary of his membership
in the exchange. The guests were all
members of the Produce Exchange and
prominent business and club men. The
dinner was a delightful course affair ami
the evening was greatly enjoyed by all
present. Atnonp the quests were: John
McNear, William Berg, J. B. do Ruyter,
Al Gerberding. L. Kauffman. Mr. Binney,
A. S. Moseley and H. Sinsheimer.
Poolsellers Want Jury Trials.
Thomas Sheerin appeared in Judge Mo
gan's court yesterday to answer a chargo
of violating the pool-selling ordinance,
and he demanded a trial by jury. The
case was continued until Saturday to be
set. Harry Sombre appeared in Judtre
Graham's court on a similar charge, and
he also demanded a jury triaK and the
case was continued until to-morrow to
be set.
Gas Inspector Tupper Qualifies.
O. M. Tupper, the new Inspector of Gas
and Electric Lights, was sworn in as an
oflicer of nic city yesterday hy Judge
Edward A. Belcher. His bonds in the
sum of $10,000 were provided by the Pn
cific Surety Company and were approved
by Dr. E. L. Perrault, chairman of the
Finance Committee of the Board of Su
pervisors.
Examination for Ships Draughtsman
The Civil Service Commission has made
a change in the specifications for the ex-
amination of applicants for the position
of ship's draughtsman, set for February 7
of this year. Particulars will be fur
nished applicants at room 3, main Post
office building.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENfFREEToifN
The State Medical Institute Discovers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute, Fort Wayne, Ind. It
cured so many men who had battled for
years against the mental and physical
I suffering of lost manhood that the insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual weakness, resulting
I from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
' cele, or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
lo the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it is needed.
' It cures all the ills and troubles that come
j from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions "and has been an absolute success
In all cases. A request to the State Med-
| leal Institute. 193 First National Bank
! building, Fort Wayne, Ind., stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with. The institute
1 is desirous of reaching that great class
! of men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
able them to see how easy it is to be
1 cured of sexual weakness when the
, proper remedies are employed. The in-
j stitute makes no restrictions. Any man
I who writes will be sent a free sample.
i carefully sealed in a plain package so
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
California
Limited
Santa Te Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at ii
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES-
DAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. tho
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Eleotrio
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
|SU FHAMCISCO TIKEfWICE— 823 MARKET SI,
TELEPHONE MAIN 15JL
! Oakland Offioe— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Offloe— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Offioe— 7 West Santa Clara Si
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Vis SauaaUt* Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFABL.
WEEK DAYS— »7:2O. *9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; 'l^o,
3:45, 5:15, *6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mon-
days, Wednesday? and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
PrNPAYP— «B:OO, •10.00, *ll:30 a. m.; *1:15
3:00, «4:30, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked * run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS- 5:26, »6:35, 7:45, "9:30 a. m. ;
•12:20, 2:20, *3-M 5:05 p. m. '
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
I and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS-6:20. »8:00, «10:00, •UsBB a. m.;
•1:15, "3:10. 4:40. »6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S, 6:45, 7:55, 9:40 a. m.;
12:35. 2:45, 3:5", 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:05 a. m.; 12:05, 1:20, 3:20,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
THRO U OH TRAINS.
7:20 a.m. week days'— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p.m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
8:00 a.m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta's. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Nov. 10, 1893, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
Paesen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd Stations. Exc'ptd Dally.
B:2oam 10:30 am Stockton 3:45pm s:sopm
10:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:03 prn
11:40 am 6:30 pm Fresno 9:3oam 2:32 pm
12:38pm 7:45pm Hanford 7:45 ami 1:35 pm
t :2O pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:30 amjll :2s am <
ll:6Spmi B:sopm Vlsalla 6:4oam I:l3pm
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 321 Market
street. Ban Francisco.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sau=aiito Kerry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday
B«pt. 11. 1898:
Week Day9— 9:Bo a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo, 10:00. 11:80 a. m.. 1:1S p. m,
Round trip from Mill Valley, fl.
THOS. COOK & SON. Agints. 821 Mark**
street. Ban Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Drunkenness Cured
It Is Now Within the Reach of
Every Woman to Save
the Drunkard.
A TRIAL PACKAGE FREE.
The Remedy Can Be Given In Tea,
Coffee or Food, Thus Absolutely
and Secretly Curing the Pa-
tient in a Short Time
Without His Knowl-
edge.
This cure for Drunkenness has shed a radi«
ante into thousands of hitherto desolate flre>-
£ides. It does its work so silently, and surely
that while the devoted wife, sister or daughter
looks on, the drunkard is reclaimed even
august his will and without his knowledge or
co-operation. The discoverer of this grand
remedy. Dr. Haines, will send a sample of the
remedy free to all who will write for it. Enough
of the remedy is mailed free to show how it is
used in tea, coffee or food and that it will cure
the dreaded habit quietly and permanently. Send
your name and address to Dr. .17 W. Haines,
j 918 Glenn building . Cincinnati, Ohio, enclosing
I six cents in stamps to cover postage and he
! will mail a free sample of the remedy to you,
securely sealed in a plain wrapper, also full
directions how to use it, books and testimonials
from hundreds who have been cured, and every-
thing needed to aid you in saving those near
and dear to you from a life of degradation and
ultimate poverty and disgrace.
Send for a free trinl to-day. It will brighten
the rest of your life.
/^*\^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JL wS J|H62SKEAR3rY*T. Established
frsffr 2i3& ln I'* s '* for the treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
<> — •"> KEARST ST Established
in 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
t&§U2MsP#*i disease wparingon body and mind and
*J?«f2jsA>*ad skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
others fail. Try him. Charges low
CurmEitaranteed. Callorwrite.
J*r. J. I. UIBBOK, Box. l»s7,San Francisco.
■ . > -H
RAJXBOATI TRAVEL.
fcOI'TIIKKX PACIFIC I'OJIPAST.
(pacific; kyhtkm.)
MAIN fkani:im:o.
" (Main Line. Foot of Market Street.)
tSAVE — From Dec. 18, 1893. — arrot
•0:OOa Nile*, San Jose and Way Station*... *8:15 l
T:OOa Beiiisia, Suiaun Mod Sacramento. . . . 3:43p
":<>Oa MarysTille, OroTille and Redding Tia -•...'
Woodland 3:4»p
7:00 a. Elmira, Vacaville and Rumsey B:4Sr
?:3Ua Martinez, San Kumon, Vallejo, Napa,
Ciilistf'ga ami Santa Roea 6:lSr
8:OOa Atlantic Kxpress. Ogilen and ICimt.. »:!3r
H::t«»A San .Jose, LiTerinore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, I'laccrville,
Miii-ysTlllr, Ohico, lte>l IShitT -itl»p
A::(Oa 'Milton, Oakdale and Jamestown... 4:13p
0:OOa Martinez, True;, Latbrop, Stockton,
Merced oiiil l're»no 12:15r
0:«IOa Fresno, Hakerpllul.l, "8«llU lUrWn,
Los Augeiue, Deiniag, El Paso,
New Orleans and East 6:45p
I O:OOa ValifJ-.i. Martinez aud Way Btationa 7:4(5
lst:OOM Kiles, Lirormore, Stockton, .Shcra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Visalia,
PcrterTllle 4:13*
•I:OOp Hacriiinsnto Hirer Steniners *S:OOr
4:OUr Mart.itiex, Han lUinon, Vallejn,
Kapa, CkHntiiKn. Santa Itoea »:15»
4:«» Or Uonicia, VaottTllle, .SaciHincnto,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
MaryaTllle, OroTillr I0:-1I>a
4-.B«p Nlles, San, Jose and Stockton 7:15*
5:OOi" Sou Francisco and Los Angeles
. ■ Limited. Fresno, Bakersneld, Los
Angeles 9:454
S:3op Stockton, Merced, Fresno. 12:13*
3:301' Mariinez, Trscy, Ijta&dota. Frcnio,
Mojarc, Santa iTitrbaru and !.<>■
Aiii'hl.". ■,•.-/--.;; S.-J»4
15: OOP Pacific Coast Limited, El Paso,
Fort Worth, Little Rock, St.
Louis. Chicago and East {0:4BA
Bt3op iiaiit* K« Ttini.... .'. i~ i|ina
for .MojHVH and Kail «i4.">P
0:00 Knropdnti Mall, Ogilnn mill I'.'ast.... U:4!Va
6:ot»p wards. Nlles and Ban Jose 7:43 a
•oiOOr V»Ilejo , 12:1 5p
t?sOOr Vullejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions •. J9:4.'»p
8:OOi> Oregon Mucraiiieiitii. Marys-
villu. KmMliiK, Portlaml, I'liget
Schiikl Kiuit 8:111*.
«10:03p3uu«et Limited. Fresno. Los
Ancoles, El Pato, New Orleans
■• unit East.... bl:43r
SAN IiKAM»K(> AMI lIATWAUIK I,OOa L. '
(Foot of Market Street.) ;
HelrONe, Scuilnarr l'nrk, '
8:00 a KltrUlmrir. Klmliiirst. 6:43 a
<!»:<)<»* Knn l,<>:inilr<i, South San t*U:43&
lO.OHa I.ennilro, EhlbillHo, 10:43 a
.{11:00 a I,orciiJio, Cherry < I8:l.lp
S:uop ni | (1:43p
S ! »JJP ■; llajnard*. . *»«*»»
' so °* i Runs through to Nile*. ' '***
', J t From Niles. [
COAST hi VISION (Narrow dnnpre).
(Foot of Market Street.) .
8:15 a Newark, Cejit^rirille. San . use.
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Sutlons sj3©»
•2:ISp Newark, Oenterrllle, San Jose, New
Almadeo, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
S*-atl(iM •!•:»»*
' 4 : 1 3 p Newark, San Jose and Los Oaten ... 0:20 a
(I 1:43p Hunters' Eicnrsion, San Jose and
Way Stations t™**
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIX FRaNCISCO — foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9:00 n:otlA.«. tl:00 *2:00 t3:00
•1:03 ... JB:CO •6:00 tm. .
rrtaOAIUND— Foot «rßr*tdwtT.— -6:00 8:00 10:00 a.m.
tl2:00 '1:00 t2:00 ''3:03 t«;QO <> B:OOr.iu
COAST DIVISION (Broad tiauge). "
(Third and Townsend Sta.)
- 7:00 a Han Jose and Way .Stations (Now
Alinadcu Wednesdays only) l:30v
V:O«A Han .lose. Tr«s I'lmw, Santa Crux,
Pacilic (JroT.., I'mo Hnhles, San
l.nls Oliisuo. Uuadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4«lOr
' IO:4Oa Ban .loss nini Way .Stations *8:OOA
I1::C»a San Jose ami Way Stations Bi3S*
*2:43r San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santo Clara, San .Tone,
Uilroy, Holllster, Santa Cruz,
Salinas, ' Monterey aud ' Pad lie
<;n>Te ...:.... V. "I«i88a
•»-.S«p San Jose and Way SUtlons •9:00 a
, San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 8:43 a
*5:00p San Jose and Prinoipal Way Stations 6i33a
B:Xoi> San Jose and Principal Way Stations 5:30p
6::i«r San Jose and Way Stations 7:8 Op
t11:45p 9an Jose and Way Stations^ 7:»0p
A for Morning. P f or Afternoon. •
•Sundays excented. } Sundays only + Saturdays only
•[Mondays and Thursdays. aTue«days and Saturdays.
(Saturdays and Wednesdays. tThursdavs and Sundays.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN SY. CO.
LESSE3 *■ ■■': '-■
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY. ;■ ;
TlfcurOQ ¥»rry. Foot of Market St.
_. SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEI*
tVEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. m. U:«.
»:30, 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trio
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at I:s*
and 11:30 p. m. . • . • - .
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30. U:00 a. m.; 1:10. »:>•.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; U:«.
8:40, 5:10 p. m. . Saturdays— trip* at
< 1:55 and 6:35 p. m. ■
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40. 11:10 a. m-: 1:40. 1:48.
6:00. 6:25 p. m.
- Between San Francisco and , Schuetzen Park
tame schedule as above.
Leave Arrive ;
San Francisco. In Effect . San Francisco.
October 1«,
Week I Sun- 1898.' Sun- We«*
Days. - [ days. Destination. ; days. Days.
7:3o am 8:00 ami . Novato, 10:40 am B:4o am
B:3opm 9:3oarrv Petaluma. 6:lopm 10:25 am
(:10pm 6:oCpnf Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:22pm
'= ' Fulton, . ' . •
7:Boam Windsor, 10:25 a*
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
l:3Cpm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:11 pm
Hopland and
7:30 am 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35pm 6:21 pm
7:30 am " 10:23 am
8:00 am Guerneviile. 7:35 pm
1:80 pm . 6:22 pa
t :30 am 8:00 am ' Sonoma 10:40 am B:4oam
and
l:10pm s:oopm Glen Ellen. 6:lopm 6:22pm
7:2oam 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am lU:2saxa
1:30pm! &:00pm 'I 7:35 pm 6:2? pn>
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
eerville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdaie for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carlsbad
Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside. Lierley's, Bucknell'a
Sanhedrin Heights. HullvlUe. Boonervlle, Orr"t
Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg
Westport, Usal. Willitts, Laytonville. Cum-
ming's. Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's. Dyar.
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
.beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office*. 660 Market at.. Chronicle bid*.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RTAN,
General Manager. Gen. Fan, A««sb
1112
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
RENEWAL OF
ACTIVITY IN
CITY POLITICS
Was There a Slate in
the Convention?
REPUBLICANS APPREHENSIVE
CITIZENS' CONVENTION MAY
NOMINATE KELLER.
Prospect of Some of the Retiring
Candidates Being Anxious
to Serve Another
Term.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Jan. 17.
Now that the Republican committee
has held its convention and has nomina
ted practically the same ticket as the
Municipal League there is renewed ac
tivity In the movement to hold a citizens'
convention. At the Republican conven
tion last oight an attempt had been made
to bring ti.c veterans Into line by ap
pointing Colonel G.W. Hoguet, commander
of the Army ;uid Navy League, a dele
pate, but as Colonel Hogurt had already
gone on record as favoring primaries he
declined to serve.
There are many Republicans who con
sider that they are entitled to recognition
from the ■ arty who declined to go before
the Republican convention on the ground
thai everything was slated, and that the
appointment of delegates by the com
mittee was the same in principle as the
appointment of candidates.
This Idea was partly borne out by the
rapidity with which nominations were
rushed through, there being but one can
didate for each of the city offices. This
has brought out the old cry of "slate,"
and ii is emphasized by the fact that the
Municipal League and the Republican City
Central Committee should produce prac
tically the same ticket.
Th- Citizens' convention, or whatever
it may bo called, will undoubtedly pro
duce, some lively campaigning. Its nom
inee for Mayor will probably be M. J.
Keller, whose friends have been making
a quiet campaign for several weeks. It
was expected that Mr. Keller's name
would have been presented to the conven
tion last night, but it was very evident
that Mr. Snow was the nominee of the
convention, and beyond mentioning Mr.
Snow's name* no one even attempting to
make a speech in his behalf.
It is not to be supposed that many of
the retiring Councilmen will desire another
term. Major Woodward has already an
nounced his candidacy and has obtained
the support of the Lakeside Improvement
Club— an aggregation of wealthy men who
have bpen successful in persuading the
city to purify I^ake Merritt.
Councilman Will B. Prlngle Is not a
candidate for re-election. He could have
received the nomination from the Munici
pal League and Republicans had he de
sired. But the appointment of his father
to a Supreme Court Commissionership
will largely increase the legal work of
the Councilman and so he withdrew from
both tickets.
"Puggy" Smith, Footpad.
OAK I. AM. Jan. 17.— The police to-night
successfully landed James Smith, better
known as ".fuggy" Smith, in the City
Prison on a charge of robbery, and they
believe they have captured one of the
men resnonslble for several recent "hold
ups." Smith was caught in the act of a
most daring robbery. His victim was
Daniel Schmidt, a dairyman, residing at
Park and Frultvale avenues.
"Puggy" Smith has been hanging about
the Keystone saloon at the southeast cor
ner of Ninth and Franklin streets, only
half a block from the Chinese quarter, in
•which Ah Fook was beaten and robbed of
jsrio a few weeks ago. There he met the
dairyman shortly before 9 o'clock to
night, and while the latter was taking a
drink "Fuggy" attempted to reach his in
tended victim's pocket. Schmidt, how
ever, balked the effort and got out of the
place.
"Puggy" followed him and attacked him
at the dark corner just opposite. He
felled his man to the sidewalk and was
in the act of searching for money, when
Schmidt's calls for help brought Office*
Thomas Cooney to the scene In time to
THE PESTILENTIAL POND.
Fair Estate Will Carry Sewers to the
Bay and Abate the Nuisance.
THE pond now existing in the territory bounded by Webster, Devisadero, Bay and Lewis streets, into
which the Fillmore and Pierce streets sewers empty, is fast becoming a serious menace to public health.
The city authorities have recognized the danger of the situation and will take steps to abate the nuisance.
Whilo the pestilential odors have to some extent been purified by the late rains, it is only a question
of a short time when the rains will cease and the inclosed body of water on the northern bay frontage will
breed disease and death.
Manager ''harles Neil of the Fair estate when seen yesterday would not admit that the pond was as black
as it was painted. "The odors that arise in_ that section," sai<! he, "are due mainly to the refuse matter from
the gas, poap and ammonia works. In regard to the sewers which empty therein plans have been already drawn
by our chief engineer, James L. Drum, to carry them to the bay on piles. This matter has been under his direct
attention and will be carried out in the course of three or four months. Mr. Fair during his life time agreed to
construct the sewera and this was intended to be done ever since the gap in the wall was closed up. The engi
neers state that tho pond, which is fourteen feet in depth in pome places, rises and falls with the tide, and yester
day it was lowered an inch. We have spent nearly a million dollars in those improvements and it is our intention
to make the land productive at the*"earliest possible date. We have the interests of the city at heart and we are not
desirous of maintaining anything which will be inimical to those interests or to the public health."
The hpalth officials have taken eteps to have the nuisance abated, but without much hope of immediate suc
cess. On Friday Health Officer Gallwey sent formal notice to Mr. Neil, representing the Fair estate, to the effect
that something must be done in the matter, aftd ' afterward accompanied Mr. Neil and an engineer to the scene
where the best methods of remedying the nuisance were discussed. It was agreed that an outlet to tidewater must
■be made, but no especial alacrity to make the necessary reconstruction of Bewers was evinced by Mr. NeiL
effect the robber's arrest. "Puggy" sur
rendered without a struggle and it the
City Prison was charged with robbery.
Schmidt had considerable money on his
person.
The prisoner has served time at San
Quentin for burglary, but was released
several years ago. He has been suspected
of several jobs since then, but nothing
could be proved. He is a powerful fel
low, aged 33 years and the police think
they have conclusive evidence to con
vict.
CAPTAIN MATTHEWS' WILL.
Aged Pioneer Left All to the Widow
in Trust.
OAKLAND, Jan. 17.— The will of the
late Captain Henry M. Matthews, who
died on the 3d inst. at his home, 1557
Webster street, has been opened. The
estate is valued at over $1,000,000, compris
ing some valuable real estate both in this
city and San Francisco. The property is
j all left in trust to the widow and the
three sons— William H.. Henry L. M. and
: John W. Matthews— and the daughter,
V.rs. Robert Cryan of Rome. Italy. I'nder
I the terms of the trust, all are given a
■ monthly allowance. Miss Marguerite Jol
liffe is also substantially remembered In
the will.
It was stated to-day that the widow and
children have already agreed to break the.
; trust.
Sheepmen to Be Arrested.
OAKLAND. Jan. 17.— John Doe and
Richard Roe warrants have been issued
for the arrest of the sheepmen who aro
alleged to have been responsible for the
death of Engineer William Woods In the
wreck of the "owl" train at Tngomar,
Merced County. The warrants are signed
by Alameda County Coroner Mehrmann.
DEATH OF AN OLD AND
WELL-'<NOWN PIONEER
PASSING OF COLONEL GEORGE
W. DENT OF BERKELEY.
He Was a Brother-in-Law of General
Ulysses S. Grant — The Fu
neral Wednesday.
BERKELET. Jan. 17.— Colonel George
"W. Pent, a well known pioneer, died at
his residence in Lorin this morning, aged
7!' years and 11 months.
<"olonel Pent was born In St. Louis in
1819. He came to California in 1552 by the
Isthmus of Panama, and during his resi-
COLONEL GEORGE VV. DENT.
dence here has filled many positions of
prominence in the Federal service. Dur
ing- the administrations of Johnson,
Grant, Garfield and Arthur hf was I'nited
States Appraiser in San Francisco. Pre
vious to coming to California Colonel
Dent received the appointment as Super
intendent of Indian Affairs in Arizona
under President Johnson, for the conduct
of which office his title was bestowed
upon him.
Deceased was a brother-in-law of Gen
eral Ulysses S. Grant. lie leaves behind
a widow, one daughter. Mrs. J. C Reis
of San Francisco, anTi three sistersL Mrs.
General I*. S. Grant, and Mrs. <*arey of
Washington, D. C, and Mrs. Major Sharp
of San Francisco.
The funeral, which will be private, will
be held from the residence in Lorin to
morrow morning, at 11 o'clock.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUAKX 18, 1899.
MORE DEPUTIES
MAY HAVE TO
BE APPOINTED
County Covernment
Act Responsible.
A CAUCUS OP THE DELEGATES
SEVERAL OFFICES MAY BE
GIVEN MOitE HELP.
Many of the Incumbents Already
Propose Lobbying to
Effect Their Pur
pose.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Jan. 17.
Next Monday evening the question of
augmenting the cost of the county gov
ernment will be considered by the Alame
da legislative delegation in the Capitol
building.
Last night the delegation held a cau
cus and decided to send a notice to the
Alameda County officials and all who may
be Interested in the matter to attend a
meeting in room 14 of the Capitol build
ing next Monday evening. The legislators
have set aside this time so as to hear ar
guments for and against the employment
of more deputies.
Much comment is now being made upon
the fact that all the county officials who
took office a couple of weeks ago were
elected with the full knowledge that the
new county government act went into
force on January 1 of this year. Only two
years ago the Alameda County officials
went to Sacramento and were largely in
strumental in the framing of the new act.
Now it Is declared that its operation will
work a hardship on several of the de
partments and that more help Is required.
While there Is no doubt that the gen
eral spirit of the legislators Is in accord
ance with the practice, of economy, it is
probable that some of the departments
may be granted an extra deputy, al
though there is hardly an official who will
not strive to add to the cost of his de
partment.
The County Auditor's office it Is con
ceded needs one more deputy than is
given to it under the act. This Is proved
by the fact that ex-Auditor Whidden al
ways attended personally to the duties of
his office and found it necessary to have
two or three deputies, which he had to
pay out of his appropriation. It is a
pretty good argument that no official
would employ more help than Is absolute
ly necessary when he could keep for him
self all of his appropriation that he was
not forced to pay out. The new act al
lows the Auditor but two deputies, and
another is necessary.
Another office which is not dealt fairly
with by the act is the Treasurer's office.
Treasurers have always paid two depu
ties while at the same time doing a full
man's work themselves. The new act al
lows but one deputy to the County Treas
urer and this is not enough. Outside of
these two exceptions there appears to be
no reason why any other changes should
be made in the county government act in
regard to counties of this class.
Already may of the county officials
have gone to Sacramento to commence
their work.
Must Answer for Bobbery. '
OAKLAND, Jan. 17.— Justice of the
Peace Quinn of Pleasanton to-day held
Watt Ward to answer before the Superior
Court on a charge of robbery, fixing his
bail at $4m Ward is charged with hav
ing held up a saloon-keeper named De
rascus at Pleasanton last Saturday, com
pelling him to deliver up $5. Ward was
returned to the County Jail to-night.
A Consolidation Bill.
OAKLAND, Jan. 17.— The merchants
will hold a meeting to-morrow morning
to consider the steps to be taken toward
framing a bill that will permit of the
Incorporation of the city and county of
Oakland. The Alameda legislative dele
gation has asked that such a bill be sent
to Sacramento, as they cannot draw it
themselves.
Lake M«rritt Dredging.
. OAKLAND, Jan. 17.— The dredging: of
Lake Merritt has been commenced. The
first work done was on the east side of
the lake, where a shallow was deepened
in order to permit the mooring of a barge
to a temporary wharf. The mud pumped
out went to fill in the land which the late
Henry D. Bacon has deeded to the city.
The dredger has a capacity of about 5000
yards each twenty-four hours.
McCOMB'S SAD CASE.
An Author! .y on Penology Again to
Be Committed to an Asylum.
OAKLAND, Jan. 17.— George John Mc-
Comb, son of the late General McComb,
ex-Warden of Folsom Prison, was ex
amined for insanity to-day and will again
be committed to an asylum.
About seven years ago and again in
1895 McComb was treated at Agnews for
mental infirmity. Last night he became
very violent, as he appeared in the streets
of Temescal half dressed. At the Receiv
ing Hospital It became necessary to strap
him down until he could barely move.
This morning, however, his frenzy sub
sided and he appeared quiet, answering
all questions intelligently.
McComb, who is now 3S years of age,
served as deputy under his father at Fol
som. He wrote a treatise on penology, of
which he made a deep study, and his
close applicotion In that direction is sup
posed to be responsible for his present
mental infirmity.
Race Horses Mortgaged.
OAKLAND, Jan. 17.— A chattel mort
gage has been recorded whereby Fremont
Sloan borrows $1150 from Cash Sloan, giv
ing as security the mortgage on three
racehorses— Dare I, Princess Blazes and
Charmante. Caph Sloan has in turn as
signed the mortgage to his brother, James
Tod Sloan, the jockey who has gained
fame here and in England. Cash is also
a jockey. _____^_^____
BIRD-NESTERS WILL
BE HALED INTO COURT
EL NIDO MEMBERS SUED FOR AN
OLD DEBT.
They Have Tried to Evaue the Issue
on Demurrer, but Their Success
Has Not Been Assured.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 17.
The liability of the stockholders of the
late lamented El Nido Club of Alameda
will be tested in the Superior Court. El
Nido. as the term in Spanish signifies, is
a bird's nest. In this particular instance
it was a nest or cozy nook in the encinal
city where nightly congregated many of
Alameda/s most prominent and respected
citizens to while away a few hours with
the pasteboards and sip nectar and corn-
Juice. The club was incorporated under
the laws of the State, but was adjudged
insolvent August 3, 1R97. at which time the
indebtedness mounted to $1207 20.
I. P. Allen was appointed receiver, and
on September 1, 1897, a dividend was de
clared by this officer, and a distribution
made pro rata to creditors of $241 44, leav
ing a balance due the latter of $965 76.
Shortly thereafter Assignee Allen
brought suit in Justice Morris" court for
the recovery of $9t>s 76 and costs. Joining
sixty-four members as defendants, and
asking judgment in the sum of $15 09
against each of these Individual share
holders. The case was continued from
time to time and only a few days ago
came up on demurrer before Justice Mor
ris, Judge Marcus P. Wlggin represent
ing the defendants. The demurrer set
forth that the complaint was insufficient
in facts; that It was ambiguous and did
not state whether plaintiffs' alleged cause
of action was founded on claims prior or
subsequent to August 3, 1897.
Judge Wiggln, in arguing on the demur
rer, cited section 322 of the Civil Code,
under which this action was brought and
which Is as follows:
"The liability of each stockholder is
determined by the amount of stock or
shares owned by him at the time the
debt or liability in incurred."
Moreover, Judge Wiggin argued that
the complaint contained no allegation of
the time when any debt of the ET Nido
Club was incurred, hence the insufficiency
of facts to constitute a good cause.
Justice of the Peace Morris entertained
the same view and the arguments of Da
vis & Davis, for plaintiff, could not
change him. He accordingly sustained
the demurrer, from which judgment As
signee Allen to-day filed his appeal.
When Allen originally brought suit the
affair created much surprise and consid
erable consternation, for among the six
ty-four defendants and members of El
Nido were many of Alameda's most prom
inent and respected citizens, business
men and practitioners of the higher pro
fessions, as a list of those who put in
the demurrer above mentioned will show;
the others sued are now resting on thejr
oars, awaiting a final determination of
the issues In the Superior Court. These
are, together with their vocations, as fol
lows: C. E. Elliott, insurance; E. Minor
Smith, City Assessor; A. J. Van Voorhies,
druggist; A. F. St. Sure, City Recorder;
J. B. Lanktree, School Director; H. P.
Morcal, real estate dealer; \V. R. Poy
zer. City Engineer: \V. F. Schulte, City
Trustee; D. W. Martin, ex-Supervisor;
T. G. Daniells, editor; Henry Severing,
bank president.
Hebrew Ladies Elect Officers.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 17.— The semi-annual
election of the Hebrew Ladles' Endeavor
Society of Alameda was held last Thurs
day, resulttng in the selection of the fol
lowing officers: Mrs. R. C. Brower, pres
ident; Miss Lizzie Jacobs, vice president;
Mrs. J. Florsheim, treasurer; Mrs. C.
Cleve. recording secretary; Miss Hoff
financial secretary; Mrs. William Wolf
Mrs. Al Jacobs, Mrs. C. Gross and Mrs
L. Slllerberp, trustees.
Carnot Debate.
BERKELEY. Jan. 17.— A. J. Cloud, W
M. Martin and C. M. Warner were se
lected this evening: to represent the Uni
versity of California in the Carnot inter
collegiate debßte. The selection was made
from the speakers in a competitive de
bate held to-night upon a question relat
ing to French politics. The intercollegri
ate debate itself will be held at Stanford
University the evening of February 3.
Professors C. M. Gayley, Thomas R. Ba
con and E. S. Fowler will act as iudges.
Art Lectures.
BERKELEY, Jan. 17.— A special course
of illustrated lectures upon the history of
art, open to all, will be given by Pro
fessor Ardley in the art lecture' room
East Hall, Berkeley, every Thursday
morning at U o'clock.
THE CALL IN DEMAND.
Newsdealers Doing a Thriving Busi-
ness at Redding.
REDDING, Jan. 17.— "N0 more Calls; all
out," has been the stereotyped reply of
the rie^a agent here for a wee_ past.
There have been stacks of the othe- Snn
Frnmipcj morning papers t!jl unsold,
but not a single copy of The Call. The
rush was particularly prononr.i'od ( ,n
Sur.i'.sy evening. The other papers have
patrons here— patrons from force of habit
— but for some time back it lias been the
Invariable rule that in order to ;;ot the
news nf once the Chronicle and T-Jxrimin
rr readers have been forced to buy The
Call. Thf Call's news from th" State
capital is particularly sought. Tlv> po'wy
of the j'^per with reference to the fight
f.ir I nitrf 1 States Senator is applauded
by Kepubl'cans, who do not make a L'USi
ne.ss of politics. The incomparable news
service of The Call and th? _tr?nj.;th and;
patri< tif-'.Ti of its editorial " «leoariment
have foicefi it into the most command
ing r.rWor ever occupied by :i Califor
nian newspaper.
PIONEER MINISTER DEAD.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 17.— Rev. Albert F.
"White, L.1..D., a pioneer Presbyterian
minister of this State, died here this af
ternoon. He was pastor of the First
Presbyterian churches of Oakland (1852
--55)". Carson City (1562-71), San Leandro
1872-76) and Los Angeles (1876-82). He was
an eminent scholar and noted as an au
thor and writer;- a native of Sullivan
County, Indiana, and born on June 1, 1819.
The funeral will occur from the First
Presbyterian Church in this city on
Thursday.
California Postmasters.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 17.— The Senate to
day confirmed the following Postmasters-
California— J. L. Dinwiddie, Petaluma; F
L. Grauss, Calistoga; F. T. Hall, Healds
burg; F. Hugglns. Fort Bragg; F. B
Mackinder, St. Helena.
Edison tells how he started on his
wonderful career of an inventor in
next Sunday's Call.
TO TRANSPORT HOME
THE GALLANT FIRST
A CITIZENS' MEMORIAL TO THE
PRESIDENT.
Copies of the Petition Will Be Posted
at Different Places in the City
for Signatures.
The general and widespreading desire
to relieve the soldiers of the First Regi
ment of California Infantry, I*. S. V.,
from service and bring them home to be
mustered out culminated in a public
meeting of citizens yesterday at the Russ
House. This gathering, which numbered
about 300 persons, was called to order by
Charles W. Moores. A warm interest was
manifested in the matter, and it was the
spirit of the meeting that the regiment
first in the field and first in the con
quered city of Manila has performed its
whole duty, and as troop 3 mustered in
since the California citizen volunteers en
listed are being sent home, there is no I
reason why the First Regiment of this
State should he kept on duty.
The following petition was adopted, and
copies posted at 708 Market street, 1
Powell street, the Russ House and in the
business offices of The Call and of the
other daily city newspapers, where they
await the signatures of those who wish
the boys ordered home:
To the President of the United States and th*
Secretary nf War:
Whereas, The First Regiment of California
Infantry of United States Volunteers were the
first troops to leave the United States for a
foreign port during the war with Spain, having
left San Francisco, May 25, 1898, and have been
continuously In Vervlee away from home longer
than any other volunteer regiment, except the |
First Orpgon Regiment, which went out with ■
the First California Regiment, and whereas, ;
many of the men volunteered and are now j
detained in the service at great sacrifice to
their personal and business interests, and I
■whereas, long detention In tropical climate Is I
undermining the health and spirits of many i
of our best young men who gave their ser- I
vices so cheerfully to their country when hos- |
till ties were actually pending. We, the under- I
6igned relatives, friends and representatives of |
members of the First Regiment of California
Volunteers, most earnestly request that said j
regiment be allowed to return to their homes
and business. If troops are necessary in the |
Philippines, we respectfully request that other
troops he sent to relieve those first sent.
By granting our humble request, you will
relieve many anxious hearts in San Francisco
and vicinity and will gratify the most ardent
wish of almost every enlisted man In said
regiment.
REDWOOD CITY ELECTION.
Residents Will Vote on an Electric
Lighting Proposition.
REDWOOD CITY, Jan. 17.— The Trus
tees of Redwood City met In regular ses
sion last night and took action in the mat
ter of installing an incandescent electric
light plant, to be run in conjunction with
the present municipal system of arc
lights. The Trustees, after a careful re
view of the situation, decided that for
about $4000 they could place an extra
dynamo at the water works and supply
the residents of the town with electric
lights In their places of business and in
residences. They will, in the near future,
call an election and submit the proposi
tion to the voters of the municipality.
At the same time there will be submitted
the proposition of issuing bonds for the
further sum of about $10,000 for the pur
pose of relaying of some of the water
mains on the principal thoroughfares of.
the city.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
E E Condo, Sacto I E H Winshlp, Napa
T E Halre, Buffalo A Mantel, Cal
S I Rope & w, Cal P S Taylor. Alpine
C S Ogtir. San .lose W C Nations, Tucson
W P Bennett, Mo. J A Miglivacca, Cal
C A Marsh, Attleboro J W Russell, La
Harry Pay, San Jose J A Paly, Napa
H J Foera. Napa E C Sugg. Los Ang
Mrs E Johnson S Jose L C Sugg & son, Cal
E A Forbes, Cal J W Rose. «'al
W J Parker. Lo? Ang Mrs F Ahitchy, Cal
C G Hightman, Cal Mrs M B Pt Cyr, Mass
H Cox. Uklah F N Rust, Cal
J C Johnston, Palo Alt E Ter. Victoria, B C
M S Levy, Cal J B Irwln. Tal
C M Wooster. S Jose H A Bell. Sacto
M Abrams. S Cruz Peter Rehl. Los Ang
A Comstnck, Cal M L Darhin, Fresno
J X Verner. Chicago G T Miller & w, Cal
F B Glafke, Portland L R Phullpa & w, Cal
F T Hugglns. PortlndjN Hill & w, Merced
R Wylie, Napa C Ravish, Palermo
P L Young, Cal I M Hatch, San Jose
J Deall. <~*al James Waters, Cal
Mrs R F Herrlck, Cal Mrs Adela Waters, Cal
C L Culbert, Cal C L Blakeman & w,
Mrs Tuttle, Portland Cal
Mrs Jackson, Portland C F Battelle, Seattle
C L Bills & w, Cal Lieut P C McGovern,
J N Goad, Colusa West Point
H Pimmock, Vallejo T L Faatz, N T
M H Mears & w, U S M H Flint, Lns Ang
A. "Scandia" T A Bell. Napa
Miss Davis, Vailejo i R Raymond, Xapa
D L Albert, Rocktord i
PALACE HOTEL
G Kislingbury. S LakeF X Rule. Los Ang
C A Marsh, Wyo F J Thomas. Los Ang !
Pat Kerwin, Virginia H S Richards, S Diego '
E W Whitromh, Wyo H Gray, Los Angeles
C F Miller, Wyo T A Rice, El Rio
R Jarks.m, Boston Miss M Eyre, Orovllle
Miss Ulanche Pean.Pa O F Telghman, N V
F H Meare. Montana J M Leonard. Nevada I
H Rockfeller. Mont IW C Cleeger. USA !
J Creelman, London P McNutt, USA
J P Cudahy, Chicago Mrs J Clagett, Wyo
C X Lorke. Chicago C T Batelle, Seattle
G HMmot. N V Mrs C Broderlck.Waah ;
lime Helmot. NY C E Plater, Los Ang
Grace Preston, N V Mrs C E Plater, Los A
Ida Summons, NY IA L Bell, Belfast
G Heavenrlck. Detroit H Churchill. Boston
M Baird. N V S N Rucker. San Jose
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
G E Taylor, Neb j Z E Buokner, Cal
S Eaton, Neb J Bowers. Neb
A Gibson, Stockton | E M Much, Honolulu
O Wilson, Rio Vista . F Hansen, Chicago
W J McFarland. Cal ' J D Jacobs, Sta Cruz
H G Rogers, Sarto IP Freeman. Los Ang
C Thomas. Los Ang IJ C Mooney, San Dleg
A Walz, Fresno M Newman, Tacoma
W Richardson, NY J L Peterscm, Portland
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Jan 17— Stmr Cymric, for
Liverpool; stmr Kurnessia, for Glasgow.
Arrived Jan 17— Stmr Friesland from Ant
werp.
GIBRALTAR-Salled Jan 16— Stmr Kaiser
Wllhelm 11, for New York.
BOSTON— Arrived Jan 17— Stmr Cephalonla,
from Liverpool.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Jan 18-Stmr Ma
jestic, from New York for i-.verpool, and pro
ceeded. •
SAN FRAINCKSCO CALL.
BfFINESS OFFICE of th« San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
*?1 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: npen until 9 o'clock.
iE2f. Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock.
IMVIDKM" NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 89 (fifty cents
per share) of the Oceanic Steamship Company
will be payable at the office of the com-
pany, 327 Market St., on and after Wednes-
day, February 1, 1599. Transfer books will
close on Thursday. January 26 1599 at 3
O'clock. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
OFFICE of the Fireman's Fund Insurance
Company, Pnn Francisco, Jan 16th 1599 At
a regular meeting of the board' of directors of
this company, held this dny, a dividend was
declared, payable on and alter January 17th
1899. BERNARD FAYMONVILLE.
Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice-Dividend No. 63 (twenty.
five cents per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company. 327 Market Si on
ord after Friday, January 20. 1899. Transfer
bcoks will close on Saturday. January 14
1899, at 12 o'clock noon.
« E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SPECIAL XOTICES.
THE secretary of the San Francisco _>rotest_nt
Orphan Asylum Society herewith gives notice
that the following orphan and half-orphan
girls and boys have been admitted to the in-
stitution from July 1, 1898, to January 1 1899-
Matilda Zimmerman, 6 yrs. ; Margaret' Kes-
Hneer. 4 yrs. ; Eugenia V. Kloss, 3 yrs 8
mos. : Annie V. Kloss, 2 yrs. 3 mos. ; Claudlne
F. Moller, 5 yrs. 8 mos.; Sophia H Hoppe
S jtp.; Eva Mclntyre, 8 yrs. 6 mos.; Olive
M. Joslin. 6 yrs.; Edith M. Joslin, 3 yrs •
Edna V. Joslin. S yrs.; Myrtle Leigh, 3 yrs •
Genevieve Adams, 8 yrs. ; Mary Adams 6
yrs.: Albert Zimmerman. 9 yrs.; Harry
Hayne, 10 yrs.: Adolph Hayne, 7"yrs. 3 mos ■
Otto W. Moller, 4 yrs.; Johannes E\ Moller 7
yrs.; Wesley L. Marshall. 7 yrs.; Leslie E
Montrose, 8 yrs. 4 mos. ; Edwin Fisher, 7 yrs •
Alexander Williams, 8 yre. ; George M
Adams, 11 yrs. ; Nelson J. Adams, 10 yrs •
Harry Lane, 6 yrs. ; James Adams, 8 yrs '
William Adams, 4 yr»., and Clarence Haw-
I kins, 7 yrs.
SPECIAL NOTlCES— Continued.
BAi?^na!ntB~eJected~for^s4; collection« made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery Bt.. rooms 9-10: teL 6680.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 343 3d st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
MEETING NOTICES.
CROCKETT Lodge, No. 139, F. and A. ■
M.— Chapter 3 Hall, Masonic Temple.
D -2 and 3, THIS (WEDNESDAY XX
EVENING). January IV at 7 o'clock. /^r^
By order of the W. M.
H. FORTRIEDE. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. ■
M.— Special meeting THIS (WEDNES- _#%_
DAY) EVENING. Jan. ISth, at 7:30 113?
o'clock. First degree. ' V x
THEO. E. SMITH, Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. M.— n
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) _JV-
EVENING at 7:3U o'clock. Second ISjf
Degree. ' '
C. D. BUNKER. Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. 3. I. <^ii^r>
O. O. F.— Officers and members •fS^SW'^r
are requested to attend a special ■^SkSK'Jk;-
meetlng at Memorial ■ Hall, ''w/ilv*-
THURSDAY, January 19th, at 1 o'clock p. m.,
to pay the last respects and rites to our late
brother, JAMES LINFORTH, P. G.
ALEX JACOBI, Noble Grand.
OFFICERS and members of Damon jr
Lodge No. 2, K. of P., will please v l&£
assemble In their lodgeroom ! TO- M2SE,"
DAY (Wednesday) at 1 p. m. to at- <BSiJT}
tend the funeral of our late brother, DAVID
H. DAVIES.
J. B. CLIFFORD. Chancellor Commander.
E. B. HARDING, K. of R. and S.
BAY City Lodge No. 117. K. of P.. 223 2*- .
Sutter St.— The rnnk of Knight (long v j*£
form) will be conferred WEDNES-^N5s&»
DAY EVENING, January 18. ISS9, at __iJ
8 o'clock. Visiting and brother Knights
are invited to be present.
CHAS. C. MORRIS, K. of R. and S.
NOTICE.— To the members of Paw-
nee Tribe, No. 67, I. O. R. M. : You T^»«^»
are respectfully requested to at- ■ >>>*•
tend the funeral of our late beloved brother.
PAUL L. LANCEL, from his late residence,
No. 2201 Clinton avenue, corner Walnut. Ala-
t meda, TO-DAY (Wednesday), at 11 o'clock
* a. m. CHARLES L. HEIDT, Sachem.
J. BELL, Secretary.
THE regular meeting of the San Fran- (j|
Cisco Bricklayers' Association will be jl
held THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- ,iKj
ING, January 18, 1899, at B. B. Hall. #\yj
■ 121 Eddy St., at 8 o'clock- A full at-^f<
tendance requested. Business of Im- jJ
portance. E. J. BRANDON, Pres. *"
REGULAR monthly meeting of .
the Servian-Montenegrin L. and jpft %t
B. Society will bo held THIS _jL a '
(WEDNESDAY EVENING) Jan- Kl*%>-rNii
vary 18th, 7:30 o'clock sharp. M_jn£gH
All the members are requested to HhIIJu i«B|
be present. By order of w_lAs9S
MARKO K. TASOVAZ, ttgfjj &W
PrPFldent.
SPIRO S. VUCOSAVLIEVICH,
Secretary.
REGULAR meeting of the Austrian ._ *
Benevolent Society will be heM K*ftP%
WEDNESDAY EVENING. January ttHNMS
18, at 7:30 sharp. All the members jP^HK
are requested to be present, as im- ***
portant business will be transacted. By ordet
JOHN L. RADOVICH, President.
A. CONNICH, Secretary.
THE regular annual shareholder's <€*»»>_
meeting of the Independent Red *^ka£c**
Men's Hall Association will be held J_k^-
on TUESDAY EVENING, the 24th lnst., at
Red Men's Hall, 610 Bush street. at 8
o'clock sharp. Respectfully,
CHAS. SCHLESINGER, President.
B. A. SAMMANN, Secretary.
STOCKHOLDERS' meeting— The annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Union Iron
Works will be held at the office of the com-
pany. 222 Market st., San Francisco, on
TUESDAY, January 24, 1899, at 11:30 o'clock
a. m., for the purpose of electing a board of
directors to serve for the ensuing year and
for the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting.
J. OB. GUNN. Secretary.
Office. 522 Market st., San Francisco, CaL
January 9. 1899.
THE regular annual meeting of the stockhold-
ers of the Oceanic Steamship Company will
be held at the office of the company, 327 Mar-
ket street, San Francisco, California, on
SATURDAY, the 21st day of January. 1899, at
11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose of electing
a Board of Directors to serve for the ensu-
ing year, and for the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
ing. Transfer books will close on Tuesday.
January 10, 1899, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process, from S. S. Taylor, In the Silver Star
Flume and Mining Company's mine, near Span-
ish Ranch, Plumas Co., to deposit tailings in
a worked out pit: from H. S. Byam. In the
Bonanza claim, in Amador Co.. near Michi-
gan Bar, to deposit tailings in Arkansas
Creek, and from the Badger Hill and Chero-
kee Gravel Mining Company, in the Badger
Hill Mine, at Cherokee. Nevada Co.. to de-
posit tailings in a worked-out pit, gives no-
tice that a meeting will be held at room 59,
Flood building, San Francisco, Cal.. on Janu-
ary 30. 1599, at 1:30 p. m.
THE regular annual meeting of the stockholders
of the National Ice Company will be held at
the office of the company, 327 Market st.,
San Francisco, Cal.. on Wednesday, the Ist
day of February, 1899. at 11 o'clock a. m., for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year, and for the
transaction of such other business as . may
come before the meeting.
J. T. DONAHUE. Secretary.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, IB pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
SITUATIONS WANTED FEMALE.
A SUPERIOR young strong German cook de-
sires situation; hotel or institution: 2 years
In last place; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
WOMAN, with a little girl, desires situation
cooking and housework; $10 to $12; city or
country; reference. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
NEAT Swedish girl desires situation: house- I
work: $15 to $18; good cook; best references, i
MISS CULLEN, 325 Putter et. ;
NEAT young girl desires situation as nurse or
housework; $10 to $15; references. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
SWEDISH girl, 3 years last place; good cook
and laundress. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter. j
2 YOUNG nurseglrls wish situations, $10; young
upstairs girl, $12; also German houseglrl;
country preferred, $15. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
COLORED girl, good cook and houseworker,
$15 to $20; best references. MRS. NORTON.
313 Sutter st.
ONE German, one Scandinavian and 3 superior
Irish cooks, all with the very best of refer-
ences, desire situations; ladles wishing to
engage a cook will do well to send us their
orders for one of them. J. F. CROSETT & ;
CO., 316 Sutter st.
NUMBER of girls, all nationalities, awaiting
situations at MRS. HIRD'S, 631 Larkln; tele-
phone Sutter 52.
AT the German Employment Office. Mrs. Lam-
bert. 418 Powell; tel. Main 5332; girls of all
nationalities desire positions.
CITY or country; respectable American woman
would like position in small family; good
cook; willing and obliging; no washing; or
would take care of a sick, person; good refer-
ence. Please call 522 Stockton st.
A SITUATION wanted by a respectable woman
as nurse; would assist with sewing or up-
stairs work; good reference. 587 O'Farrell st.
YOUNG German widow wants good position
as working housekeeper or manager In any
business; no trlflers. Address box 1539, Call.
RESPECTABLE young lady wishes situation
as second girl or light housework, Call bet.
10 and 3 at 908% Lapidge st. nr. Eighteenth.
SITUATION wanted by a good Swedish girl
as cook or downstairs work; wages, $25; good
references. 430 Montgomery avenue.
AN experienced lady would like a few engage-
ments as ladles' nurse. Inquire for 5 days at
326 Eddy St., S. F.. MISS BROWN.
YOUNG girl would like situation to do plain
cooking and housework. Address box 1540.
Call.
INFANT'S nurse (English), thoroughly expe-
rienced, • wants position; good references.
Nurse, 907 Howard st. ■ ■
WORK by the day by a capable woman;
sweeping, dusting, windows, flannels; terms,
$1 per day. Address Mrs. M., box 30. Call.
RESPECTABLE young girl wishes situation
light housework; is willing and obliging. Call
.for 2 days, 71 Gerniania aye., near Waller st.
SEWING by the day or at home; children's
dresses; babies' wardrobe. Address 178 Clin-
ton Park, bet. 13th and 14th, nr. Valencia.
WOMAN wishes position to do general house-
work. Box 1532. Call. ■■ -
GERMAN girl wishes position as a cook and
upstairs work. 209 Eddy st.
FINE family wash taken home; reference 18*»
Hickory aye.
WANTED— A place for light housework $6 a
month. 3333 Twentieth St.; basement.
WOMAN wants work by the day or week
Address J. G.. branch Call. 1941 Mission.
LADY with a child 3 years old would' like no"
sltlon as. housekeeper; city. 1525^ Mission st.
RESPECTABLE woman of 30, very neat house
keeper and good plain cook, with a boy i
years old. wants work; wages. $6 month. Box
VB*J, Call office. ™
JAPANESE— Nic^ girl, wants situation to do
housework or help cook In family; dtv la
dress K. H., box 1522, Call office.' -
SITUATIONS WANTED Continued.
YOUNG' French widow would like to work by
day; washing .or house cleaning. Apply. 11l
Valley st.
YOUNG girl (German) wishes a position for
light upstairs work or children. 2008 Powell
St.. first floor. ■
RELIABLE person wishes situation to do
general housework In private family; is
good cook; $10 to $12; flat or cottage pre-
ferred. Box IKS, Call office. r
WOMAN wants work by the day washing,
Ironing or housecleaning. Address Bakery,
corner Harriet and Folsom sts.
GERMAN girl, 30 years old, wishes a situation:
housework and laundress. Apply 104iV* Fol-
Bom St., near Seventh. .
YOUNG widow desires position as housekeeper;
city or country; no trlflers. Hlllsdale. Sixth
St., room 44. . . ■
YOUNG lady wishes position as stenographer:
very best of reference given. Apply room
24. Flood building. '
SCANDINAVIAN woman wishes chamberwork
or any kind of work by the day or week.
226 Minna st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st,. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $«
week; convenient and respectable: free 'bus
- and ha*s-atre to and from ferry.
SITUATIONS "WANTED MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kind.
help GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary; tel. Grant it.
i CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlc«;
best help. 41414 O'Farrell St.: tel. East 438.
FIRST-CLASS coachman, single, thoroughly
experienced; good houseworker and man
about place: sober; uses no tobacco; not
afraid of work; many years with same em-
ployer; best references. Address L. A.. 119
Fifth St., flat 1. city.
BAKER foreman, first-class bread and cak»
maker, wants steady work; city or country.
\ Call or address 155 Lexington aye., bet.
Eighteenth and Nineteenth, Mission and Va-
lencia sts.
POSITION by person of experience, nurse In
sanitarium, institution or otherwise; oppor-
tunity of practice more an object than wages.
Address box 1445, Call office.
: WANTED— By man and wife, Scandinavian, on
ranch, wife good cook and man handy around
place, and understands handling horses. Ad-
dress box 1534, Call office.
YOUNG man wants work round private place
and be generally useful; has very good ref-
erence. Address box 1537, Call office.
YOUNG man, 19 years old, wishes situation
at any thing; has references. W., 1839% Mis-
sion st. '
MAN wcmld like work as dishwasher or cham-
ber work. Address box 1531, Call office.
BUTCHER wishes steady work In shop; city
or country. Address box 1533, Call office.
1 WANTED — By a professional gardener, a po-
i sition as working foreman on private place
or estate; well recommended by present ar.d
former employers; 15 years' experience; when
you take up cacti, I am second to none in
their treatise and collecting of the game:
write for particulars. Address SMITH, 422
Second street. City.
AN active, elderly, good all-round harness-
maker, good repairer, can do some carriage
trimming, wants work in a country shop or
on a large ranch; wages moderate: refer-
! ences. Address N. A.. Yountvllle, Cal.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper desiring situation
having capital wishes to Interest himself in
established, paying business house; best ref-
I erences; principals only. Box 1521, Call.
YOUNG man, American, from the East, would
like position of any kind; honest and reliable;
city or country; give bonds of $100. Address
533 Commercial street, room 1.
'■ YOUNG man wants position as barman; coun-
try preferred; speaks German and English;
best of references. Address Box 1519, Call.
I WANTED— Work as bread or cake baker. Ad-
I dress Box 1524. Call office.
| WANTED — Work as patternmaker, millwright
or general carpenter, by man well up In th.
business. Address box 422, Call, Oakland.
i YOUNG man, able to correspond in English,
French and German and speaking Russian,
' wishes to better his position. 686 Castro st.
; STRONG young German desires situation of
; any kind; strictly temperate. 252 Seventh St.,
1 rear house.
1 WANTED— Position as dry goods or clothing
! salesman' question of salary settled after
first/nonth; best of references. Box 1401, Call.
| HONEST Japanese schoolboy wants place to
work out of school hours. K. ISHIDA, 104
Eleventh st . Pan Francisco. '
; YOUNG man as collector, office work or any
position of trust; good security; capabl*. 311
Taylor st.
! INDUSTRIOUS gardener, German; understand!
the care of horses, cows, flowers, lawn, driv-
i ing; private place; handy and willing: small
wages and good home. Box 1435, Call.
' ELEVENTH. 10ft- Branch office of Tb« Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185.
15 hotel waitresses, city and country, $18 to
$25; 10 restaurant waitresses, city and coun-
try, $5 and $8; 6 chambermaids to wait, city
and country. $20; 6 chambermaid's, city and
l , country, $15 and $20; 3 restaurant and hotel
! / cooks, $20 and $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st. ;j z
COOKS, second girls, house girls wanted for a
great many city and country places; wages
$12 to $30; neat young house girl for country,
small family, $15, fare paid, see party here.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
A REFINED nursery governess, . $25; country.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Putter St.
A RESTAURANT waitress, $6 per week. MIS 3
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID and wait on© meal. $20. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Putter St.
CHORUS and ballet girls. Call to-day at- •
Eddy st., room 118.
WANTED— A good lady barber steady at 7578
Howard St., or young lady to learn.
3 DINNER waitresses. MISS CULLEN. 325
Eutter st. "  ;-.
3 WAITRESSES. $20 and $25. hotels and board-
ing houses, city and country. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st. '
A NURSE girl, child 2 years old; sleep home;
$15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter street. :
A NORTH German nurse; $20. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter street.
3 SECOND girls, $25, $20 and $15. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Putter street.
A NURSE, $25: nurse. $15. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter street.
A SWEDISH girl, housework, $25; 2 In family;
Berkeley. MJSS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
AN Irish kitchen maid, $20. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter street.
A FRENCH second girl and . sew, $20. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter street.
COOK. $33; waitress and seamstress, $25. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Putter street.
HOUSEWORK girl, Alameda, $20 to $25: nurse
same house. $15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
A REFINED German governess, $25; maid.
$25; ranch cook, $20; 12 housework girls, city
and country, $20 and $25: 8 young girls, assist.
I $10 and $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A WOMAN with a child, $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter street.
A NEAT young girl, light work. $15. MISS
: CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WANTED— with one year's experience,
for country. $25; nurse and cut and fit, city,
$25; German second girl and seamstress, $25;
German waitress and parlor maid, $25; Ger-
man cook, no wash, $30; waitresses for nice
private boarding-houses, $20: waitress, coun-
try hotels, $20 and $22 50; and a great many
I girls for housework In American and Jewish
families for city and country places, $20 and
$25; 40 young girls, $12 and $15. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— A neat German-American or Scan-
dinavian woman; about 30 years of age, to
polish and clean furniture in a store: steady
work; $5 a week and Increase in wages as
proficiency is acquired. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 316 Sutter st.
COOK, $35; second girl, $25: second girls, $15;
nurse, $15; 2 nurse girls, $10 each: chamber-
maid, $15; housekeeper) $15, Scandinavian pre-
ferred; houseglrl, Alameda, »25; Berkeley,
$25: German housegirl. 2 in family, $25- 25
hoirsegirls, $15. $20 and $25: houseglrl 2 In
family. $15. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
WANTED— Cooks, chambermaids. nursegirU
and girls for housework. MRS. HIRD, 631
Larkln st
WANTED— A young lady to take charge of the
veiling department in a large Pan Francisco
retail establishment: must be thoroughly ex-
perienced In selecting, handling and selling
veils and veilings; state experience, refer-
ences and salary expected. Apply box 1535,
Call office. ■ •_• ■->■- -i
LADIES to make sample patches at home; $«
to $10 weekly; no canvassing; reply envelope
for sample and particulars. Foster Machine
Co.. 525 West 29th St.. New York.
WANTED— A young girl to assist In general
housework; wages, $10 to $12. Address 61«
Lombard St., near Powell.
THOROUGHLY competent girl for general
housework and cooking. Apply . 517 Devisa-
dero, after 9 a. m. - ■ .
ELDERLY German woman to keep house and
c"f offlce Children: small wages. Box 1538,
< nil office.
WANTED— Girl to attend to stationery new«
agencystore. -Apply after 9 a. m., 1650 PolkT
WANTED— Neat girl to assist la general
housework. 1463 Guerrero st. . *<=««"*•HELP W. Continued.
\n : ED <Mri between 14 an.l 17 to assist with
light housework and help mind baby. Apply
.. Baker street. _
GIRL to do upstairs work; sleep at home; $S
p"«?r month. 524 Geary su^
<3IRL"I wanted Uof housework; wages, $10. Call
.. .:•;•' Bryant St., near Sixth. ' '
RELIABLE S woman » for general housework;
,• . = $10.. a month. .0 Hush st.
■' ' U WANTED-=A! giri: for general housework. Ap-
••' - = ;rly -'-'I Howard street. £
f:] £'■_ ouXO ?_lrt i to j assist with light housework.
•:...'•.'•;.: C7T7 Twenty-fourth st
:' - : - - :-VoUNG~sl7i 'lor "light housework. Apply 2146
;.-';. I';'. .'Union street.
■',''• : ",W A NTED— Girl to assist In general housework.
■]•.'.-'.• 2^'Ji Howard st.
"■; '; "/fijjisHEß on custom coat, experience; button
■ : - '■ holes. 14 Harriet st. "
' ""•':■ ■GERMAN VsIrI for general housework. 3604
Twentieth st
'■ -^ WANTED-r-Espcienced operators to sew fin
L'men's shirts ami underwear; .i few inexpert
.:•.. ''-'•'.enced will be taught. Apply between 10 a. m.
tir,l 2 p. m. at the L. ELK CO.. 2S(-31 Bat-
,':■ • . t t rv st. '
'•"•■ • a NUMBER of youry? itirls. Inexperienced, will
; -. • .be taken for instruction in our white and
■ . ' flannel shin department. Standard Shirt Fac-
. Tory, corner Gough and Grove sts.
.-. : : OPERATORS on white and flannel overshlrts;
: '■■ a few inexperienced hands taken and taught.
'.:■;■ '-.: LEV! STRAUSS & CO., 36>/4 Fremont st.
■'■'■■ ' -AT the German Employment Office. Mrs. Lam-
■;••■"'.■ bert. 4)« Powell; girls of all nationalities
• ; .':-..■• wanted to till v.irioua positions.
:. : :. : ■_■'-. ,GIRL f"r general housework and plain cook-
. ..:'•.■.• ing. 7«0 Eleventh St., Market-st. station,
' Oakland^
("•.:•:: V.'OMAX to do housework.- Apply Corner A1a-
.'•...■■.■•;. ./ bama and Montcalin sts.
.'• ; i ■■::■}. WANTED— Neat German girl for light house-
: - ; .V. : • ' work. 4;>l Guerrero Rt.
■•'X : .- WANTED— GirI between is and 20 to assist In
•;.••'"'. housework and mind baby. Call 1761 Ellis st.
•'..'-..'. '.WANTED— Neat young girl for light house-
■•■.••'". work; good.hojne. 2504 Clay st.
•4/ .YOUNG girl to assist with housework: child-
.. ■-.. ■■:.. small wages. 2031 15th aye.. South S. F.
'. ; " • iIIRI.S of all nationalities wanted at MISS
;• ".I ; ;• ; WELLS' Emp. Of.. li43V> Park St.. Alameda.
■ ■:..-.; 3TOUNG. willing girl to assist in general
■->;.'.■;•:;■ housework; wages $8. 30S Scott st.
.'• LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
, ' -■ •\" fre.-; patterns. jSc up McDowell'*. 101 Post.
.'.'■... HELP WANTED — MALE.
R. HANPEN & CO.'S, phone Grant ISS.
' ':• Cook, country hotel, $10; second cook and
".-.'•:'.' baker. $35. half fare paid; cook, small coun-
'.-■•'. try restaurant, no baking, 130 and room. C.
;. •;"■ R. HANSEN v CO., 104 Geary st.
■-.'."•- L boy, $25; 2 neat boys who live with
' ,•' : - .'•' their parents, to act as bell boys In a private
' :'"■': .'_olel, $10 and beard. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
■:.■■'.. : v :. 104 Geary st. . '
-• 1 ' : " MpTAL spinner, shoemaker, country. C. R.
:'.;:"-.: ; HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
[-.: ■ : >'TjnRD hand on bread and cakes, $30 ana
[• ; ■."-: ; -.founJ. C. R. HAN I ! >- CO.. 104 Geary >>t
'i ■'-'■ V E. JERONE. a baker, please report at
•■■•ii-V MURRAY _ READY, 634 and 63S Qlay Bt
"■ : &AKEH, $10 and found per week: 3 waiters,
... ■•.'."'•■•4 cooks 3 dishwashers
■■■•,. second hotel cook, $35 and found: chef cook,
,\ -■;■ *65. MURRAY & IADY, 634 and 636 Clay.
*■ ,' : -'-':rr.< WOODCHOPPKHS. 60 takers, farm, or-
|C . .':' c.hard and rtairy hands. MURRAY & READY,
| : .;y;'.".>i34 and 63fi Clay ft ■ ;
_,'.:-""i>RY. goods"clerk metal spinner
•.- '•'. ' restaurant butcher •••■
r ,\. v '. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 635 Clay St.
':■;■'.•; WANTED— Coachman for private place near
-'.•■. •'•'.- city, references required, $30 per month and
>"' .' '.-■■'■ ■ f.ou'nd •
$: :..-.-'..■ JHver for milk route In city, city experiences
-.•'.>■•' and references required, 535 per month and
.■•.-;'•. found; gardener for private place near city,
-••■.."•. references required. $25 per month and found;
. ■■■■•'. farmers, milkers and others. W. D. EWER
.'.■.. ;•;'.■-& CO., 626 Clay st. . '
: :'• ' : ••:■ NTED— Carpenter and pump man for mine,
;.:- f-'.svi, see Iwss here; baker and .wife, $50; hotel
-.- - ::: '"cook. $30; and others. Apply to J. F.
|'.'-;:'':',V''-yROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento St.
'c: ' •"ijSVANTED— A man competent to take charge of
'.■■■■ .-•'. country grocery; best of reference; state
!'.. '.'} ".wages. Address A. 8., Eastland : ttoffice.
k\/V (COMPETENT wapon repairing and horse
■".■' '• rfioeir.c ksmlth. 64 Bichland aye.. near
■■••;.•'•. Mission st.
.'••'-.YOUNG man to work H hour a day for'com-
• •■ r.'.Vplete course in shorthand. Room 2:1, Mercan-
' tfle Library.
: WANTED— Steady, sober mi in good paying
•. commission business; small capital required.
• . . Apply Natiojial Agency, 7 Grant aye..
'. •.. SEAMEN- 4 young 2. cabin boys. Office,
V--..  if, steuart st, upstairs.
'■ ... \VANTED— Partner for. first-class restaurant;
" ■■ $r.O. .' 125 Montgomery aye.
..COATMAKER for countrj'. Apply REISS
. BROS.. 24 Sutter st.
. SMALL boy wanted for butcher shop; must
"•; reside in Western Addition. 1639 Ellis et.
WANTED—A first-class blacksmith finisher.
Apply A. ■ iter & Sons, Sacramento, Cal.
THE. Williams that worked for Loewenstein,
please call at 830 Howard st. immediately.
WANTED— Boy for dishwasher. 1305 Mission
• ■ . street.
I . • WAITER wanted. 1805 Halght st.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
....'• solving. 35c: only one price. 923 Howard st.
'.. ■ -Dishwasher and waiter. 217 Sixth
''-■ v ,'■ street.
H• . ■ WANTED— Bootblack for barber shop and
'*..■•...... clean bathrooms. 120 Geary st.
? i "SHOEMAKER wanted on repairing; steady
; W ' • ' work. 5)39% Mission st
MB" '""'TO go this week — pairs men's shoes, soma
3jR« '.'.." nearly new, from 60c to $1; new shoes, slight-
»".'. ly damaged, one-half price. 662 Mission st.
'S • . bet. First and Second sts. Open Sundays.
Hfi\°tiEOßUlTß wanted for the United States Ma-
S ;.:.:-rlne Corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
SJ. 'unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30
jtjtV- :. years, who are citizens of the United States,
S ." or those who have legally declared their In-
jgHL'" a tention.to become such; must be of good char-
|H';'': brter nnd habits and able to speak, read and
; write English, and be between 5 feet 6 Inches
Ws&S.< and 6 feet In height. For further information
%-~fi ' STUIy it the Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis St..
jis-., ; J Kan Francisco, Cal.
' \VA-NTEI>^-Smart, bright young boy, some-
'••what , tainted with general store, to help
¥;gf ' ..-About the place. Address "Helper," Portola,
I V '
barber partner with $7", wanted: good
__s» " .old. stand; figar and candy stand connected.
:,.-.;. Address HERMAN KOCH, Vallejo, Cal.
_| , "MEN,' attention!— Pacific use, corner Leldes-
k ..'• dorff at"l Commercial sts.: rooms, per night,
ft? .'■ 12Hc. Me and 2.'c; per week, 75c, $1 and $1 25.
I ' YOUNG men, seamen, carpenters, blacksmiths,
■ • '• 'for -ships. HERMAN'S, it Stewart st.
■ •K.ARBEFIK' Progressive Union; free employ-
■■ • nil. 'H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
'^' MK\ to loam barber trade; easy terms. 1512
M • Market st. .
"iIKN and women to learn barber trade at San
* -."•■ Francisco Barber College. 13SV4 Eighth st.
[ BARBERS' Association Free Employment
, ..Office. S. FJJCHS, Sec, 325 Grant aye.
:TRY Lindell House, Sixth and Howard Bts.;
B- .thoroughly renovated; 200 rms.; 15c, 25c night.
■ WANTED-At Montana House. 7C4 ; Mission
®fbi . st; men to take rooms; 1 ■>'-. I'c and 25c per
'itight; Coc, 90c^and$l per week.
• WANTED— laborers and mechanics to know
>-;i tbat Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
X , runs Denver House, 217 Third st.: 150 large
i ; rooms, "he per night: $1 to $3 per week.
&'. -iPI-N'GLE rorriif, lF.c. 20c. 25c per night; Be, $1
. .to $2 SO r^r wk. Elcho House, BS3V4 Market st.
a ;-W.'ANTED — To collect wages due laborers and
* .-. .•vlerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 utter st.
iaK'-S-AT-LORB and ordinary seamen wanted at
if.* DANE'S. i"O4 Davis St.. near Jackson.
•g ;pi'N"G_E. furnished, fine. large, sunny and airy
j*.. .room: _>c night. Ropedale House, 321 Ellis st.
H*TRT Anno House. 557 Market St., below Sixth,
|; _ -"frir a room; 2."c a night; $1 a week.
!•">,; • WINCHESTER House.' 44 Third St.. near Mar-
;k"t: _w> room?. 2r,e night: reading-room; free
ipwS?" '!■■■ :m '' bn(rfrapi ' tfl and from the ferry.
t\ ■■•.". ' PARTNERS WAWTBD.
M • .p>RTNER wanted with r $4^wTto~ein
■large a business that has cleared $3000 In
; " • Seven months; prospect now to repeat it. Ad-
m \ •■dregu M. I.. Call office. Oakland.
W*' ROOMS WANTED.
■ ° A 1 — TWO unfurnished rooms wanted: payment,
lag .• -lesions in vocal music for one or two persons;
French conversational lessons if desired Ad-
■ .dress Vocal Teacher, box 1535, Call Office.
I :-'; ROOMS AND HOARD WANTED.
WANTED— Board and room for three adults"-
•eaS^ of Larkln st.: state terms; permanent'
Address box 1541. Call office.
• '" WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
LARGE fire-proof second-hand safe; good con-
dition. Address at once room 709. Palace
Xt Hotel. '
V " PHYSICIANS.
irEMQVAL~Not!ee— Dr. C. C. O'Donnell. offl>«
' •nd residence. 1021& Market, bet. 6th and 7th.
I i . SINESS CHANCES.
A $35 BUTCHER shop on Mission road; rent
$10; first month free: fine location. Call
WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st. .
A— s4oo; PARTNER wanted in old-established
commission business; flrßt-dass; paying. Call
WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st.
GENERAL merchandise store, connected with
postoftlce In lively country town; no oppo-
sition; building, two lots 25x150, $2000; stock
of mdse about $3000; a rare chance; fullest In-
vestigation given. Call WILKE & UNFUG,
 906 Market st
A-slso— PARTNER wanted In wine saloon;
good location anil paying business. WILKE
& UNFUG. &06 Market it.
A— PARTNER wanted in first-class pay-
ing business on Kearny st; established many
years and no opposition. For particulars call
906 Market St., WILKE & UNFUO.
$1250 — road and sporting house, near park
- sate; 22 rooms; fine bar, stables and sheds;
cars stop at the door; this is a fine chance
1 for a good sporting resort: Investigate. S. H.
GOULD & CO., 632 Market st.
$250— Restaurant; good location; must sell; bar-
■ gain. S. H. GOULD & CO.. 832 Market st.
■ SALOON and-cardroom: $16 dally; will
give trial. KREDO & CO., 22% Geary Ft.
A— s4."*— BEST restaurant: Market; $20 daily;
large, steady trade. KREDO & CO.
A— S42SO— DRUGSTORE: fine opportunity for
doctor: $46 dally. KREDO & CO.. 22^ Geary.
$400 CASH will buy a saloon and boarding-
house. Mclaughlin, 777 Market st.
$450 — SALOON; bargain; going to Alaska cause
of »ale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market.
LODGING houses from $300, $450, $500. $900;
34-ro<>m house, $350 cash, balance $10 per
" month; 80-room house, elegantly furnished,
$1700. H. WEHNER & CO.. 1027Va Market st.
$600— RESTAURANT: 25c meal; fine location;
doing good business; party go to Europe.
BABILE, 578% Market st.
A— s2oo; PARTNER wanted: $18 to $25 a week
each; trial given; no experience required.
Western Investment Co., 9 Geary Et.
NOTICE— buy, sell or exchange business
of any kind. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
WANTED— Honest man to take half interest
in saloon doing big business; must have good
references; not necessary to be saloon man;
If willing to work this is first-class chance
to the right man: trade for city property.
Box 1526. Call of nee.
OLD-ESTABLISHED shoe store; between $3000
and $4000 stock on hand; will sell very rea-
sonable; owner going out of business; 50 miles
- east of Sacramento. For further information
Inquire at 209 Mason st.
BAKERY in Redwood City; good outside and
Inside trade; 4 horses, 2 wagons; fine stock;
a bargain; account of sickness. Apply Call.
FIRST-CLASS fruit and grocery store for sale
cheap; a No. 1 trade; rood corner on prin-
cipal street. Address Box 1525, Call office.
FOR sale— A good harness business in a lively
town. Address JOHN ROCCA, Jamestown.
Tuolumne Co.. Cal.
$75— BRANCH bakery and delicacies, notions,
toys; worth $150; must sell. JONES, 865 Mkt.
$T'.o— RESTAURANT; 1707 Mkt.; a snap: must
be sold this week; leaving city; no agents.
HAND laundry for sale, or will take partner.
Address box 1530. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cigar stand. Address J. W. L..
box 1523. Call office.
CIGAR store for sale at a bargain. 439 Hayes
street.
GROCERY and bar at bargain; leaving city.
Call at 2029 Mission st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento St.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
j A^V^So7&^^77^^7^7^7i2hi Geary st
Money Advanced on All Houses.
110 rooms; clears $3000 yearty $4,000
30 rooms; Kearny; offices 2,200
23 rooms; Market; all full 1.200
15 rooms; Third: clears $50 month 550
14 rooms"; O'Farrell: central: cheap rent. 500
12 rooms; Van Ness; boarding; elegant... 850
11 rooms; nicely furnished: Second st 200
10 rooms; new and good, with piano 800
10 rooms; Taylor; clear $30 325
$3100—63 ROOMS; well furnished; profitable;
great sacrifice; must sell; departure; see at
once. Box JS2S, Call office.
FURNITURE of 7 rooms; good condition;
owner leaving: $1."0. E6O Minna. 2 to 4 p. m.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and kitchen, furnished complete,
with new No. S cook stove; cheap. 524 Green-
' wich st. ■ ■
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AT^£Tpl_riri^NTH I^<StXlLMEN?s"anJ_>
UPWARD.
$3 50 per month rent; new pianos.
Heine upright $295 00
Steinway upright 187 50
•Chickering upright 235 00
Bohmer upright 115 00
Knabe upright 275 00
And over 20 bargains from $40 up; buy direct
of manufacturer and save $50 on each piano.
Office of
HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO.,
136 Ellis St.. Y. M. C. A. building.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6 '
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi- j
gate and approve this method; prices are the j
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains ,
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy j
t payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Bts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
A LIST OF A FEW GENUINE BARGAINS—
Rogers & Bacon, upright; good order $95
Neuman. upright: thoroughly repaired.... 145 j
Henry Miller, upright: cabinet grand 180 I
Chickerir.p. upright; good as new 285 !
All guaranteed; sold on ea6y payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, Chickering Agents.
16 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west cf Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE' S.
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing/ possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
THE best bargains In the city can be found
at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st. Call and see
the stock In their elegant new rooms.
FINE Hariman, Hazelton. Hallet & Davis and
Fischer cheap for cash. Room 12, Flood bldg.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento st., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallet & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN-Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 16
McAllister st., next Hlbernla Bank.
BOIIMER pianos are the best BYRON
SiAUZY, Sole Agent. 308 Post st.
A FINE Steinway and new Chickering upright
sacrificed. KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.
• A PIANO that will please you. the Byron
Mauzy. 308 Post st.
HA INKS Bros.' and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. c. HAMILTON, 324 Post
NEARLY new upright piano cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUKQ. 216 McAllister.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
' LEH & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULT.KR. maker, repairer. ? Latham place.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
boilers, engines. M-hand machinery! Sfc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
A— BAR outfits, counters, shelving, showcases
(all sizes), office fixtures, cash register,
scales, coffee mills, etc.. bought and sold; es-
timates given. J. SCHWERDT. 821 Mission.
$6; SINGER family sewing machine; good or-
der; also washing machine. 700 Eddy St.
FRED CUSHE. the celebrated dog trainer, has
a fine lot of dogs for sale very cheap to the
right parties; young and old have to go by
the l*t of March: come and see for yourself,
for no letter will be answered. 126 Gutten-
berg street.
BARS, back bar*, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-102J Mission St..
above Sixth.
NEAT genuine diamond stud, tot In 14 karat
gold setting, for $6, $8 and $10 each: guar-
anteed to be worth twice the money. UNCLE
HARRIS, 13 Grant aye.
BRANCH bakery; $50: 3 living rooms con-
nected with It: rent $10; call to-day"; no
agents. 9114 Larkln st.
FRESH 6- gallon milch cow with calf. 8 Blake
Bt, off Point Lobos aye.
FINE sealskin coat for sale. Call 17«1 Ellis
street. ■
FIRE-PROOF safe for sale cheap at 42 Main
street, S. F. '
Fo'rTsALE— Cigar store or factory. 122 Ninth
street. ■ ■
PIGEONS— €OO One pigeons: mated; squabs;
coftpa. boxen, etc. ; cheap. 611 Turk st .-.
FIRST-CLASS 2 h. p. gas engine: Improved pa-
tent sparker; guaranteed. 648 Mission; cheap.
TOOLS & machinery; every description, bought.
Bold & exchanged; send postal. 648 Mission.
GASOLINE launch;- good condition and fast;
, price $1250. Box 1301. Call office.
FOR belting, pump cups, lace leather, pulleys,
etc.. Cal. Belt Co.. tel. Br. 331. 519 Mission.
BOILERS, engines, pumps, belting, dynamos;
second handT WHITE'S. Dl6-51S-520 Mission.
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
-423 Sacramento St.
SAFER— Bargains In new and second-hand; all
fines: half original cost. 109-111 Market. 8. F.
ONE and ' 2 bowl barber washstands. cheap.
HT7FRCHMIDT. etl Golden Gat» are.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANTTABY 18, 1899.
PERSONALS.
NOTICE!
WM. EHRENPFORT
RETIRING SALE.
The old-established house of Win. Ehrenp-
fort offers Its stock of CARPETS. LINO-
LEUMS, WINDOW SHADES. ETC.. at a
sacrifice. This well-known firm has been in
business 45 years, and Its reputation for high-
grade goods and low prices have been exceled
by none. MR. EHRENPFORT announces to
his friends and patrons that all the stock
must be disposed of within 10 days. This
sale means the positive closing of the old re-
liable house_Jocated at 1323 Market st.
BATHS l2Hc; 30 porcelain tabs; separate en- i
tnm.-e for ladles. 34 Fourth St., nr. Market. |
LEPERERS Quinonia is in great demand as
a hair tonic; beautifies the hair; only 35c a
bottle. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
LATEST modes and styles in hairdressing. 25c;
try me and see; switches. $1 up; LEDKRER'S
FOAMO, fine shampoo, 6c package. G. LED-
ERER, the hairdresser. 123 Stockton st.
JOHN— Have you tried that 25c dinner at the
Ralston? Snlad. soup. fish, chicken, roast
goose, asparagus. Icecream. English walnuts,
good wine, black coffee and cognac. It's a
GOc dinner for 25c. The Ralston. 7<t3 Market.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third et., near Market; 200 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free "bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ARTISTIC barrboo furniture, wholesale and re-
tail; nil kinds fanry work to order. K.
TOSHITANI & CO.. 313 Sutter St.
JAPANESE goods, bamboo furniture. Spanish
drawn work. %vhnlesq.e mid retail. Okuno
Company. 507 Lark in st.
MRS. KATE RLAIR. scientific palmist, 143
Phelan building, third floor.
A—CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale prices.
H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
CLOTHING, espertnlly ladies" nnd children's;
highest price; postal. H. Fahinn. 102') Folsom.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Rth St.. Alameda,
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L
LEMOP. 1117 Market ft., bet, "th and Sth.
DRESSMAKERS.
LEARN dressmaking, ladles* tailoring, mil-
linery; epecial offer this week: perfect fitting
patterns. McDowell School, 102 Post st.
BILK or cloth dress made, l.'i to $6; dress made
over; perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market; men and women teachers.
LEARN sewing at Kelster's system; free this
week only. 424 Geary st.
SPIRITUALISM.
ADVICE and Assistance for All.
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
FEE $1 and upward.
Reveals your life from cradle to grave.
TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and n?i- i
vous affections. The wonderful cures which. |
she has made are the talk of the whole slope. \
Address or call MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
1104 Market st. (The Vendome).
Corner Market. Mason and Turk sts.
ATTENTION— If you want to see a medium
see the best: tells everything; valuable in-
formation given to users of morphine; 5 ques-
tions by mail $1. LEANDER, 313 Eddy st.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader: medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free: Fittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. ELLIS; tests to all; Tues.-Fri.. 2 p. m.;
Mon.. S; 2".c; sittings. $1. 233 Valencia St.
MRP MEN A FRANCES. Independent slate
writing medium II"* Halcht st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK, permanently located
In San Francisco, at 10234 Market St., bet.
Pixth and Seventh; while entranced gives aid
and advice which will overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions, make marriage with the one you love
no failure, remove influence, bad habits; will
give correct information on law suits, sick-
ness, death, divorces, absent friends, etc.
N. B. — Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mall. Send stamp for circular, with special
terms, to MRS. DR. F. CLARK. 10234 Mkt.
MME. L. DAVIS, the great palmist and card
reader, returned from the East; can be con-
sulted in all affairs, marriage, loss of love,
etc. ; hours. 9-12, 2-S p. m. 260 Golden Gate ay.
CLAIRVOYANT, 24 Page St., near Franklin;
satisfaction guaranteed or no pay. MRS. M. i
A. KNAJPR
MME. SYHILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MME. MOREAU, the host medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
GYPSY life reader, of 3 7th st.. now 928 Mis-
sion, bet. Sth and 6th: 2oc and 60c; no sign.
MME. M Pntter, renowned card reader, has
returned. BBSU Market St., parlors 12 and 18.
YOUR future told by cards; ladles, 10c; gents,
25c; satisfaction guaranteed. 77 Ninth st.
YOUR future told by cards; 25 cents. 1045
Mission St., Mon., Wed. and Fridays.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE, cart reading. 417
Bush st., rooms 9 and 10.
CONSULT the lucky medium. 349',-i Minna
stree^
CLAIRVOYANT, rardreader, 10c; ladies only.
543 Xat'ima st., bet. 6 and 7.
REMOVED— Mme. Lenemar, fortunes by plan-
ets. 472 Stevenson Bt.. cor. 6th, room 4.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 148 6th, rm. in.
JF.PPIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist,
101 Eddy and 13 Mason st.. parlor 3.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given; 26c up. 6 Fourth st.
EVELYN FOWLER, mind reader and palm-
|gt. Call 120 Ellis St.. rftom 4.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
DENTISTS.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlor— Best work at
lowest prices. Full set of teeth $5 up; fillings.
Isc up. AH work absolutely painless: written
guarantee; painless extraction by electricity
our specialty; ten skilled operators, no stu-
dents; the largest and handsomest dental par-
lors west of Chicago: open evening and all
day Sunday. Corner Sixth and Market sts.
A METAL plate for the same price as rub-
ber: full set of teeth, $5; crowns, $3: fill-
ings, 50c; teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work, no students employed; extracting free
when plates are ordered; consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason sts. Entrance 8 Mac in St.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns. $3 50: all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts or tills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns $2, bridges $4: rub-
ber or flexible plates $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students: guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $4: fillings. 25c; 22k. gold
crowns, $3; gold bridge, $5; plates repaired;
palnlPss extraction guaranteed. S. Y. DEN-
TISTS. 989 Mission si., cor. Sljfth.
DR7lui>l-UM HILL. 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable: gas given.
COLTON Dental \ssocla<9on. 806 Market st.
DR. CHARLES 'V. DECKER.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny; set of teeth
$4: filling, gold. 50c; silver. 25c; crowns. $3.
f JIPET CLEANING.
75lTY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works — Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
»8 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 160.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
j E. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 383 Golden
Gate aye.. tel. East 126.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, pent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per yenr.
TYPEWRITERS.
All typewriters sold and rented, few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER&CO..IIO Montgomery.
A HAMMOND. $25; Callgraph. $15: Yoßt. $25?
get sample work. SCOTT. 333 Montgomery St.
SEWING MACHINES.
II MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
yepsiring at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
storage!
A NEW fireproof brick bldg. ; cut rates. BCRIB^
NER & CO.. 1145 Mission st., bet. 7th and Sth.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Offlo 401 Post »t.. cor Powell: tel. Main S7U
STORES TO LET.
STORE (new). Twenty-second and Castro; suit-
able for grocery or saloon.
HOUSES TO LET.
ELLIS, 1464, near Buchanan — Six rooms and
bath; large, dry basement; comfortable; rent
$21. ASHTON & GARDINER.
GOLDEN GATE AYE., 1206, near Webster— 10
rooms and bath; modern house; rent $45.
ASHTON & GARDINER.
HOUSES to let; all parts of city; send for
printed circular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14
Montgomery st.
PERJ'Y' 212%— Bay-window house, 4 rooms;
rent $12 50; water free. Apply to G. H.
UMBPEN & CO.. Incorporated.
HOUSES to let for the New Year by BALD-
WIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
(COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 3 ronms and bath, furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; piano. 30 Dearborn
st., off Seventeenth, near Valencia; $I.">.
ELEGANT new modern cottage; 1105 Castro
st.. near 23d; easy terms. Apply to P. J.
DONAHUE. 164 Preclta aye.
SUNNY bay-window cottage, 5 rooms; flat 6
rooms, bath, cheap. 1876 15th st, nr. Dolores.
FLATS TO LET.
A^47 FLATS, 3 to 4 rms., $6 to $10-10 days free.
A— B3 flats, sto 8 rooms. $11 up; 10 days free.
A— lo rooms. $25 up. SPECK & CO.. 602 Mkt.
A Nob Hill, opp. Bella Vista Hotel; 5 and 6
rooms; bath; $16 to $21 50. Terrace, 920 Pine.
AN elegant, lovely 7-room flat; bath; sanitary
plumbing; sunny side. 718 A Bush st.
CALIFORNIA. 26— Large modern sunny down-
town flat; 7 bedrooms; easy walk to business.
ELEGANT modern sunny flat of 7 rooms; car-
pets can be bought if desired. NE. cor. of
Broderick and Grove sts^
FLATS to let for the New Year by BALD-
WIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
ILLINOIS, 913, close to Union Iron Works and
sugar house — Sunny flat; 5 rooms and bath.
MCALLISTER 1723, near Broderick— B rooms
and bath; modern style; rent $25. ASHTON
& GARDINER.
POWELL, near Pine— Elegantly furnished up-
per flat; 6 rooms and bath. Box 1450. Call.
SIXTH, 216^j — Nice sunny kitchen and bed-
room;' also sunny single rms. for light hkpg.
STEVENSON. 427, between Fifth and Sixth— 2
convenient flats. Apply rear or 705 Oak st.
BUNNY finely finished flats; 6 and 7 rooms,
baths and large basements; 721 Fourteenth st.,
near junction Market and Flllmore sts.; rents
$1S and $20^
BUNNY modern lower flat: 5 rooms and bath.
224 Diamond St., above Nineteenth.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRANNAN, 725, above Sixth— Sunny kitchen
and bedroom; furnished complete; $6.
CLAY. 2419. near Flllmore— 2 large unfurnished
rooms; yard; water; rear; $7.
EDDY, 468— Nicely furnished suite: housekeep-
ing; complete; also single rooms; private.
EDDY, 735— Large alcove for light housekeep-
ing; other sunny rooms; housekeeping.
EIGHTH. 217— Front sunny suite, $12; front
room, $0; bath and housekeeping privileges.
EIGHTEENTH. 3435— 2 connecting sunny un-
furnished front parlors. $8; also 2 nice sunny
rooms, furnished for housekeeping, 110.
FIFTH, 309 — New house, nicely furnished; con-
necting suites; complete for houseki>g; $12.
FIFTH. 353 -Clean, sunny, furnished 3-room
flat, $20; also 3, $12; 2, $12; single. $5. __
FOLSOM 1138—1 sunny rooms, complete for
housekeeping; rent $12.
FOLSOM. S63— Large sunny bedroom, adjoining
kitchen; yard: complete housekeeping.
HOWARD. 827— Changed hands; cheap; sunny
housekeeping rooms, single or en suite.
HYDE, 15—2 large unfurnished housekeeping
rooms: bath; reasonable.
LARKIN. 804— Large sunny front neatly fur-
nished, $8: large back room, furnished, house-
keeping, $6 50.
MA I. LISTER. 422— Sunny front room, with
kitchen.
MINNA. 28— Sunny furnished front housekeep-
ing rooms; very cheap rent.
MISSION, 945— Large front room; also bed-
roum and kitchen; complete for housekeeping.
SIXTEENTH, HBS, rir. Howard— Large sunny
front room and kitchen, complete for house-
keeping; bath; rent reasonable.
TURK. 3S— Two neat sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms.
TURK, 35— Furnished rooms, single or en suite;
also 3 unfurnished housekeeping rooms.
TWELFTH, 12, near Market— Unfurnished
kitchen and bedroom; rent $6.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3166, near Howard— Sunny
furnished front and back parlor; kitchen.
ROOMS TO LET.
AT 14A Geary — Good rooms and beds for $1 per
week; also sunny suite; cheap.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Stockton. 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
single: facing plaza; day or month.
BALBOA, The— lo49A Market St.— Suites, $15
per mo. upward; $1 per day; elevator; tel.
BRANNAN, 725, above Sixth— 3 nice rooms,
$7; also two rooms, $5.
BRUNSWICK— I4B Sixth st., corner Howard-
rooms en suite or single, 25c to $1 a night;
$1 25 to $5 week; open all night; Howard-st.
care pass house direct from all trains.
BURNETT, 1384 Market st— Nicely furnished
rooms; suites and single also, unfurnished.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms. ; $8, $10 mo.
DOCTORS, old established: free clinic; S rooms;
$30; 726 Mission, bet. Third . and Fourth.
EDDY, 118 — Sunny pleasant furnished rooms;
central; very desirable; $6 per month upward.
FIFTH. 438 (Mechanics' House)— Rooms, single
or suite, $1 wk. up; transient. F. W. Gardener.
GKAiIY. 42s The Gago-Elegantly furnlshetj,
en suite and single; hot and cold water bath.
GEARY, 622— Large sunny furnished bay-
window room; also umall room; gas; bath.
GEARY, 74fi, bet. Leavenworth & Hyde— Neat-
ly furnished sunny room for gentlemen, with
use of bath; rent cheap.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 727— Handsomely fur-
nished front room; grate; running water; pri-
vate family; reasonable.
GOLDEN West Lodging House. 439 Jackson St..
bet. Montgomery and Sansome; rms. at 10c.
15c and 20c per day; $1 per wk.. $3 per mo.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GROVE, 417V4— 2 unfurnished front rooms to
let.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select "family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HAMPTON ufcice. oft Folsom, bet. Second and
Third— 3 eunny rooms; yard; bath. I
HOWARD, 1343. near Tenth— 2 large unfur-
nished front rooms, with bath: cheap.
JONES, 117— Nicely furnished sunny front bay-
window larpe rm.: light housekpg privileges.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
hay- window room; $1 per week; transient.
MONTGOMERY aye., 430— Furnished or unfur-
nished rooms to let; suites or single; gas and
bath.
NATOMA, 421B— Neatly furnished front room,
suitable for gentleman.
NEW elegantly furnished rooms for gentlemen;
a nice home; reasonable. 534 Turk st.
NICK sunny room, single nr double, with all
comforts of home. Apply 553 Natoma St.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms: ele-
vator; eltctric lights; day. week or month.
PINE, EI4A, near Kearny — Nicely furnished
sunny rooms; single or en suite; moderate.
POST, 1037— Sunny furnished room.
RUSS. 127, bet. Howard and Folsom— A large
sunny front room.
SIXTH, 136— Large front parlor, suitable for
dressmaker; double room for light housekpg.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
TEHAMA St., 331—3 or 4 rooms, complete for
housekeeping; hath: rent reasonable.
ROOMS AM) ROARD.
BUSH, 5J4— Newly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms, with or without board; reason-
able.
FIRST, 416— Swedish prH-ate boarding, with
room. $4 a week up: elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Falrmount. 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture; first class In every respect; table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water: elevator;
suites, with board for 2. $50 a month up.
O'FARRELL, 742 — Pleasant sunny rooms: ex-
cellent board: reasonable; table board.
CHILDREN HOARDED.
CHILD boarded reasonably. Box 1408, Call
office.
OFFICES TO LBl 1 .
EMMA 6PRECKELS building. M 7 Market st.—
Light, heat. Janitor and telephone; rents 111 51
to $20. ASHTON A GARDNER, room 210.
A SUNNY corner, suitable for offices; single
or suite. 1206 Market St., cor. Golden Gate.
MEDICAL.
ALL ladies will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr.
Gwyer, formerly of 226 Turk St., has returned
to the city and resumed business; a sure and
safe cure for all female diseases from what-
ever cause; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and etate their
cases before going eleswhere; they will find
her a true friend; home for patients, with
every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed by
MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy st.. between
Hyde and Larkin. t
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed,; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoideti; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopteS; travelers treated: no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 122S Market St.;
pills, $1; very strong, $2.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause); safe and cure at any time when
others have failed; instant relief for trav-
elers*; home In confinement: best care; con-
sultation free and confidential : every case
guaranteed by MRS. DR. WYETH. removed
from Turk to 916 Post St., bet. Hyde and
Larkin.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. worM-renowned
female specialist: relieves monthly irregu-
larities, 'from whatever cause. Dr. G. W.
O'Donnell has treated successfully more cases
of Irregularities than any other physician: .
never fails to cure; by consulting him first |
snve ttmr >nd money; treatment can be sent j
and used at home; consultation free. Call
or write, 1023H Market ft.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken in time It also acts as a pre-
ventive: price $1 50 per box. sent free by mail
on receipt of price; consultation on all special I
diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 23 Grant |
aye., S. F. A caution— Before purchasing
elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female troubles: no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing:
every woman her own physician; safe and
sure; no medicines or Instruments used; con-
sultation free: pills and capsules. $1: cure, $5.
By the well-known ladles' physician for 27
years. Call and see me for a safe cure. DR.
POPPER. 31S Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; no instruments used; guaranteed cure
at office, $s;travelers helped instantly :consult
free: hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR.
KOHL. 1122 Market, bet. Mason and Taylor.
AILMENTS— LadIes in trouble see Drs. Good-
win free; reliable, safe and sure: cure in 24
hours guaranteed: any complaints; no instru- i
ments; maternity home; best medical at-
tendance; cure $5. Removed from 401 D Van
Ness to 1362 A Mkt.. bet. Jones & City Hall ay.
ALLmarrled ladies know "Seguro," the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS & CO.. >M Clay st. ;
Jl 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU-
RO MFG. CO., 531 X St., Sacramento. Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEOENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.; private hom<? In confinement, with every
comfort: best care and nttendance; terms
moderate: infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles -Kith
female troubles: no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
MRS. L. S. BURT. massage and electric treat-
ments: positive cure for nervousness, neural-
gia and rheumatism. 35514 S. Spring. Los A.
BELLEVUE Sanitarium-Ladies cnr«d for dur-
ing confinement. 727 Bellevue av.,Los Angeles.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; pleasant sunny home
In confinement. 156 Second st. : tel. C,r"en 52.
INSTANT relief for monthly trouble? etc.; $5:
Dr. and Mrs. Wise. 111S Market st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
Ifi pages, in wrapper, for mailing. <1 per year.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil TnT^n7nlng7~as^
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English: 24
teachers, day and evt-ning: catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Po-t st.
ROBERT F. GALLAGHER'S Practical Short-
hand and Typewriting School; court reporter
17 years: pupils qualified to becourt reporters;
terms reasonable; special evening speed class.
Parrott building, rooms 430-31-32.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters aa teachers;
Ellis system: sunny rooms; low rat-->s; day,
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUS. COLLEGE.
1236 Market st.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit. ; day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. !>33 Market.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory in
Lelpslc: lessons. 75c. 110 Hyde st.
INSTRUCTION— vioIin, piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE, 3941 24th st.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught: short time. Tarr. 572 Parrott bldg.
LOST.
LOST— Last Friday, between Chronicle office
and East Oakland, package of papers in
Wells-Fartro envelopes: valuable to owner
only; liberal reward. Return to 422 Sacra-
mento St., S. F.
LOST— A white bull terrier pup. Return to
1514 Fell et. and receive $5 reward.
STRAYED— St. Bernard bitch 16 months old.
Liberal reward on return to 1519 Vallejo st.
LOST I—A1 — A pass-book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of Loenide Amedee, No. 206-294. The
finder will please return to bank.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a speclaltyTlprlvatel
no fee without success; collections. G W
HOWE, atty-at-law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: divorce, law, private estates J
B. EVANS. 14 McAllister St., room 64.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, .collection,
free advice; open tvgs. Atty McCabe. 103 Larkin.
L. S. CLARK— Ernma Spreckels blag.. 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees in advance.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for the Erection of a Police Sta-
tion on Seventeenth Strict, and for the erec-
tion of Police Patrol Stables on Eighteenth
Street.
nffice of the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, January 17, 1899.
In accordance with Resolution No. 2154
(Fourth Serles> of the Board of Supervisors
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received iti
open session of the Board of Supervisors on
MONDAY AFTERNOON, January 30 1899
fro* z to 8:30 o'clock, for the erection of a
pulice station on Seventeenth streot and for
the erection of police patrol stable* <>n Eigh-
teenth street, in accordance with the modified
plans and specifications filed In the office of
the Clerk of the ' Board Of- Supervisors on De-
cember 30, ISVS, and the. conditions set forth
in the saiil specifications, prepared by Messrs
Shea & Shea, architects, and to be seen at
the office of said architects at No. 26 Mont-
gomery street, all the work to be performed
to the satisfaction of the Chief of Police
The work of construction to be done in
strict accordance with the said modified plans
and upeeificatlons. and under the supervision
and direction of Messrs. Shea & Shea, archi-
tects, and the Chief of Police.
Eight hours to constitute a day's work for
all workmen employed upon the work, and
the minimum rate of wages to be paid on
said work to be two <%2) dollars per day.
Bidders will estimate separately and state a
price:
First— For which they will furnish all ma-
terial and work required In the erection of
the police station and the police patrol
stables (except for plumbing and gasfitting).
Second— For which they will furnish all the
plumbing and gasfitting material and the
work required In the construction of the
same In the police station and the police
patrol stables.
The party to whom the contract may be
awarded will be required, prior to or at the
time of the execution of said contract, to pay
i the cost of advertising this and a former
notice in three daily newspapers.
In order to preserve uniformity and to fa-
cilitate the award the Board has resolved to
receive no bid unless made upon blank forms
prepared by the committee, and a certified
check on some bank In the City and County
ot San Francisco for the sum of five thousand
($5000) dollars deposited by the bidder with
his bid, and made payable to the Clerk of the
Board of Supervisors, conditioned if the pro-
posal be accepted and the contract awarded'
and if the bidder shall fall or neglect to pay
the printing charges, execute the contract
and give the required bond within six days
after the award is made, then and in that
case the said sum shall be paid Into the City
and County Treasury by said Clerk as liqui-
dated damages for such failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject all
bids if the public good so require.
JNO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
HORSES.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN A- POYI.E. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
100 SET eecond-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsnm St.
A BUSINESS CHANCE.
12000— Half Interest in an old established com-
mission, fruit and produce house. Address
Box 1523, Call office.
CITY REAL ESTATE. •
, i _ i--i _, n i^ i--
$20 MONTHLY will buy a new 7-room and bath
cottage with all the latest Improvements:
only one block from the electric cars. JACOB
HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st.
HOUSE-? built for $150 a room and up: repair
work done; will call. GEO. M. SALSBURY.
Builder. 621 X St.. Sunset District.
BARGAIX: flats of 5 rooms, bath each:
rent $31; lot 3\x9o. Owner, 3019 Buchanan st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
4b^ACßES~riclTfrult and grain land; fine dis-
trict near San Francisco; bargain. H., box
1292, Call office.
FOR Country home of F. S. Wensin-
ger: 625 acres, with profitable dairy. Apply
to owner on premises. Freestone. Sonoma Co.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper. 'for mailing. $1 per year.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ACKNOWLEDGED to be responsible, respect-
able and reliable; loans i.;ade on diamonds.
Jewels, stocks, bonds and all articles of value;
lowest interest; private entrance and room;
perfect secrecy; phone Brown 323; our own
building: established 1851. UNXi-.E HAR-
RIS, 15 Grant aye. ■
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak- .
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no ■ commission; no delays. ■J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above I
Sixth: telephone South 14. |
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew- |
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 546 Market st.: tel. Main 1644.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval: money quick; confidential; no com-
mission; lowest interest. Room 68, 1170 Mar-
ket st.
LOANS to salaried people:, no security except
name. New Era Loan Co.. 1003% Broadway.
Oakland. Hours. 10 to 3.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
ANY amount of 6V4 per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
LOANS to salaried people; any proposition
. considered. C. G. TAYLOR. Chronicle build-
ing, room 76.
A. M. Speck & Co., 602 Market, loan on estates,
city real estate, furniture, etc., rents, etc.
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE. 22 Mason st.. orip. Olympia Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. '.
_______ __ „_
FINANCIAL.
WANTED— interested In 2 valuable ad-
vertising inventions (patented); want re-
sponsible party to form company to handle
them. Address box 1437, Call office.
NOTES discounted; loans negotiated. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 32S Montgomery
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE).
FOR RENT— A nice furnished flat of 6 rooms.
E. _. BUNCE. 908 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED ROOMS.
SUNNY furnished rooms; single or en suite;
also for housekeeping. 418 Twelfth st., Oak-
land. . J ■ '
OAKLAND FLATS FOR SALE.
TWO modern flats of 6 rooms each at a bar-
gain on easy terms; well rented. Apply box
642. Call office, Oakland. .
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and^heap7~H.
HAAS' old store, 408 Eleventh St. 6ee him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
\ ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
MODERN cottage, 4 rooms; lot 25x123;
street work, etc., all complete; Grand-st. sta-
tion.
$1700 Modern cottage, 5 rooms; lot 26x125;
good location; near station; easy terms.
$ISOO — greatest bargain In Alameda; lot 50x150;
house of 6 rooms; choice part of Central aye. ;
cash.
Elegant corner. 44x150: new, modern
house of 8 rooms; terms $300 cash; balance $25
per month; this is a snap. •
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO., 1432 Park st.
$800—60x125 LOT on San Antonio aye.
$1100 — 60x268 lot on Benton st., near Santa
Clara aye.
$1500— 6- room cottage, on Grand st. ; worU
all done.
$2500—50x200 house, 8 rooms; windmill and
tank.
$3500 — elegant new house, 8 rooms;
modern; at Morton-st. station; easy terms.
Bargains in all parts of Alameda. Office
open Sundays.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 Park St.. Alameda.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The' Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. -
REHKLIiIV REAL ESTATE.
$1750— A lovely little home; house of 5 rooms;
bath; large lot; street work all done: near
the station; any reasonable terms. JOS J.
MASON, Real Estate, Berkeley Station.
A VERY sensible New Year's present— love-
ly cottage of 7 rooms; all the latest improve-
ments; street work all done and near the
university; a regular' poem. J. J. MASON,
real estate, - Berkeley station.
DELINQUENT notices.
wlnmiAM~~pl?opl=rL^E^
tlon of principal place of business, San Fran-
cisco, California- . ■ ■■ .. , .  .' ,
Notice— There are delinquent upon the. follow-
ing described stock, on account of assessment
No. >. levied on the 12th day of December, 189S,
the several amounts set opposite the names of
the respective shareholders, as follows:
No. No.
Names— Cert. Shares. Amt.
L. W. Storror 5 10 $ 10
L. W. Storror 12 100 100
L. W. Storror 10 100 100
1,. W. Storror .......14 CO 50
L. W. Storror... 1.....11 100 100
L. W. Storror 15 50 : ' 60
L. W. Storror 20 ' 21.213 1-3 . 212 14
L. W. Storror.... 1 . ...25 -50 ... 50
Nancy G Davis ..."..■.. IS 10, 000 100 00
.'And, in accordance with law and an order
of the Board of Directors, made on the 12th day
of December, • 1898. so many shares of ' each
parcel of such stock as may be necessary will
be sold at public auction, .at the office : of
the company. No. 327 Market street, San Fran-
cisco. California, on j FRIDAY, the 3d day \of
February, .1899,' at the hour 'of 3 o'clock p. m.
of said day, to pay said , delinquent assessment
thereon, together with costs of advertising- and
expenses of the sale.
CHARLES A. HUG. Secretary.
327 Market St., San Francisco,' Cal.
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS— Estate of ISAAC
S. BELCHER, deceased. Notice is hereby
given by the undersigned executrix of the es-
tate of ISAa.O S. BELCHER,, deceased^ to
the creditors of and all persons having
claims against the said deceased, to. exhibit
them, with the necessary, vouchers, within
ten months after the first publication of this
notice, to the said executrix,- at the office
of RICHARD BELCHER, Belcher building
Marysvllle, California, the same being her
place for the transaction of the business of
the said estate. ADELINE N. BELCHER
Executrix of the Estate of ISAAC S. BEL-
' CHER, deceased. *$®wa
Dated at San Francisco, December 19, 1898
RICHARD BELCHER.
: Belcher building, Marysville, Cal., Attorney
for Executrix. : ;
~MABRI AGE~LICENSE S.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Giovanni R. Tofanelll and Teresa Drocco. 34-34
William Beauchamp and Etta Yocco 21-18
Francisco de Santl and Carmina Clnqulnl. 33-28
William B. Haskell and Abbie Clark 27-23
John A. Reed and Emily R. MaeNelll 28-19
Martin A. Fogarty and Delia O'Leary 24-24
Charles H. Deuel and Ruth M. Norman 30-2"
Bengt P. Nelson and Margaret C. Miller.. 2B-22
Guy L. Edie and Elizabeth C. Kip 40-24
Alfred McCullough and Eleonore Matthai.. 26-19
Christian F. Leideckor and Alma Lorenz. 43-20
Mathias Lehman and Louisa Duret 35-25
Gerald F. Payne and Elizabeth Finnerty..2S-22
Henry Giovanessl and Florence Henderson. 27-23
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES—
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
HARRISON— In this city, January 16, 1899. to
the wife of Edward C. Harrison, a daughter.
MCLAUGHLIN— 9, 1899, to the wife
of Armour McLaughlin, a son.
DIED.
Blank. Peter. Lancel, Paul L.
Bardez, Frank Linahan. Joseph P.
Bernstein, Joseph Lake, Myra C.
Campbell. Archie W. Miller. Mary
Crossfield. Hazel E. Miller, John H.
Donovan, Hanora Noonan, Maria
Davies. David H. Nielson, Niels
Dent, George W. Ryan. Annie B.
Demartlnl, Paolo Rogerson, Annie A.
Francis. John Starkweather. Fannie
Farrell, Joseph P. Sutliff. Thomas
Heller, Emanuel M. Schmitz, Joseph L.
Harris, Jacob Thorsen. Charles
Linforth, James Yehl,. Fannie
BLANK— In this city. January 15, 1899. Peter
Blank, beloved brother of Charles Blank of
Benicia, Cal., and uncle of William Blank, a
native of Germany, aged 51 years.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission street, between
Fifth and Sixth. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
BARDEZ— In the City and County Hospital.
• January IT, 1899. Frank Bardez, a native of
France, aged 62 years.
BERNSTEIN-In the City and County Hospi-
tal, January 17, 1599, Joseph Bernstein, a na-
tive of Russia, aged 57 years.
CAMPBELL— In this city, Archie W. T C. In-
fant son of Archie and Annie Camnbell. a
native of San Francisco, aged 3 months and
11 days. .
EyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from 249 Pa-
cific street, Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CROSSFIELD— In this city, January 16/ 1890,
Hazel Emmiline, beloved daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. W. Crossfleld, a native of San
Francisco, aged 3 months and 25 days.
■ C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 2121 Mason street, thence to
Masonic Cemetery.
DONOVAN— In this city. January 16. 1599,
Hanora, beloved wife of Eugene Donovan,
and beloved mother of Mrs. William O'Con-
nell, Mrs. Robert Neill of Oakland and Mrs.
Thomas Tannian, a native of Bandon, County
Cork, Ireland, aged 73 years.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
• dence, 270H- Harriet street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. : V : ?-
DA VIES— In this city, January 16, 1899, David
H.. beloved husband of Mary Davies, and
father of Thomas Davies, Mrs. J. A. Der-
Un, Mrs. W. F. Hunker. Mrs. C. H Tyson.
David. Kittle, George and the late Mary Irv-
. Ing, a native of Wales, aged 64 years and 22
days. A member of Damon Lodge No. 2, K.
of P. (El Dorado County papers please copy.)
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Pythian
Hall, 909 Market street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of
the Cnlfornia Undertaking Company, corner
Stockton and Geary streets.
DENT— In Lorin, January 17, 1899, George
' Wrenshall. beloved husband of Mary Isabella
Dent, and fat' of Mrs. J. C. Reis of San
Francisco, a native of St. Louis, Mo., aged
79 years 11 months and 17 days.
Funeral and interment strictly private.
DEMARTINI— In this city. January 17, 1898,
Paolo Demartlni, beloved father of John and
Frank Denartlni and Mrs. C. Giovannitti and
Mrs. ciorinda Cuneo, a native of Italy, aged
74 years. . i
FRANCIS— In this city, January 16. 1899. John,
beloved husband of Minnie J. Francis, and
father of Raymond, John and Herbert Ed-
ward Francis, a native of Shrewsbury, Eng-
land, aged 35 years 1 month and 24 days. A
member of Presidio Lodge No. 334, I. O. F. F.
1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from Steimke
Hall, corner Union ond Octavla streets. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
FARRELL— In this city, January 16, 1899, Jo-
seph P., beloved husband of Emma A. Far-
rell, and father of Mabel and Ethel Farrell,
a native of Canada, aged 46 years.
HELLER — In this city, January 15. 1899.
Emanuel M., beloved husband of Belle Hel-
ler, and father of Barbette and Leonard G.
Heller, and son of the late Martin and Bar-
bette Heller, a native of San Francisco, aged
41 years and 6 months. (New York papers
please copy.)
ETFrienils and acquaintance? are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock,, from the resi-
dence of Llppmann Sachs, 820 Post street.
Interment Home of Peace Cemetery, by spec-
ial train at 11 a. m. from Third and Town-
send streets.
HARRIS— In the City and County Hospital,
January 17, 1899, Jacob Harris, a native of
Russia, aged 44 years.
LINFORTH— In this city, January 16, 1899,
James, husband of Mary Jane Linforth,
father of Edward W., Walter A. and Carrie
E. Linforth, and brother of Alfred Linforth
and Mrs. J. M. Rawlinsrs, a native of Bir-
mingham, England, • aged 71 years and 4
months. (Salt Lake City papers please copy.)
[Ts"Friendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at Memorial Hall, Odd Fellows'
; building, at 1:30 o'clock.
LANCEL— In Alameda, January 16, 1899, Paul
L.. dearly beloved husband of Susie Lancel.
beloved son of Mrs. M. H. Lancel, andirothe r
of Jeanne H.. Leon A. and Eugene H. Lancel.
a native of France, aged 35 years 1 month and
26 days.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from his late
residence, 2201 Clinton avenue, thence via 1
o'clock creek boat to San Francisco. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LINAHAN— In this city, January 17. 1599. Jo-
seph P.. beloved husband of the late Han-
nah Linahan, father of Joseph, Frank,
Charles, Edna, Robert and Herman Linahan.
son of the late John and Ellen Linahan.
and brother of John Linahan, a native of
Boston, Mass., aged 41 years.
C?" The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of the Henry J. Gallagher Company.
20 Fifth street, thence to St. Patrick's Church
for services. Interment private.
LAKE— In this city, January 15, 1899, Myra C.
Lake, aged 76 years and 5 months.
(C^Funeral and interment private.
MILLER— In this city, January 17. 1899, Mary
Miller, beloved mother of Cora Brown, a
native of Canada, aged 57 years.
!E?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1307 Fillmore street. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery-
MILLER— In this city, January 15. 1899, John
.H., husband of Elizabeth D. Miller, a native
of Boston, Mass.. aged 71 years. ;•■ : v
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from Memorial
Hall. I. O. O. F. building, corner of Market
and Seventh streets. Interment I. O. O. F.
.Cemetery. . ?-i .
NOONAN— In this city. January 17. 1899. Maria,
: beloved wife of Peter Noonan. and beloved
mother of Annie. Joseph, Agnes, Kate. May
■ and Lillle Noonan. a native. of County Gal-
way, Ireland, aged 52 years.
NIELSON— In the City and County Hospital,
January 17, 1899, Niels Nielson. ■ a native of
Norway, aged 49 years. . ■ • • '
RYAN— In Eldridge,' January 16, ; .1893, Annie 8.,
beloved daughter of M. .1. and the late Isa-
belle Ryan, a native of Oakland.
ROGERSON— In this city, January 16, 1899. An-
nie Agnes, beloved daughter of Michael P. and
1 'Katie Rogerson, .sister of Frances, Celia ami
Mary Rogerson, and niece of Celia Flannery
-and Nora Rogerson, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 5 years 10 months and 12 days.
■ ' IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to- attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 12 o'clock.- from the resi-
dence of the parents. 23 Clara street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
STARKWEATHER —In • Farmington, , ; San
' Joaquin County, Cal., January 16, 1599. Fannie
f L., beloved wife of Alfred Starkweather, and
: mother of H. R. Starkweather of Farming-
I ton, Cal.. C. A. Starkweather of Oakdale,
; Cal., and H. K. Starkweather of Alameda.
i Cal.. a native of Whately, Mass., aged 69
years. ' . " ■
SUTLIFF— In this city, January . 18., 1899.
'. Thomas, beloved father of Thomas 8., Henry
• and Emilie Sutliff, Mrs. A. R. Hancock and
■ Mrs. J. T. Cochran, a native of Baltimore,
Md.. aged 64 years.
', ' (tTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
, fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SCHMITZ— In this city, January 17, 1899. Jo-
■ seph L. Schmltz, a native of Germany, aged
77 years' and 1 month.
THORSEN— In this city, January 16, 1599.
Charles, beloved brother of Annie Thorsen,
a native of -San Francisco, aged. 23 years 4
months and 25 days.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of Charles J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
YEHL— In this city, January 16. 1899, Fannie,
beloved wife of Abraham Yehl, mother of
Mrs. B. Groeschel and Natalie. Aaron. Sam-
uel. Charles, Myrtlle. Maurice and Reiner
Yehl. and sister of A. Loewel, a native of
Alsace, aged 64 years and 9 months.
(E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2:15 o'clock; from her late
residence, 1521 Geary street. Interment Horn*
of Peace Cemetery, by 3:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
ST. DOMINIC'S CHURCH BUILDING ASSO-
ciatlon— The regular monthly requiem high
mass for the deceased members of the above
association, and for the deceased parents and
relatives of the members, will be celebrated
in St Dominic's Church. Bush and Stelner
streets, to-morrow (Thursday), January 19,
at 9 o'clock. Friends are invited to attend.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
- (Successors to Flanagan ft Gallagher},
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAL! 'T3BS. '
90 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln octwol.
Telephone South 80.
fIIcAVOY &. CO., I
FUNEKAL DIRECTORS & EMB.-vLj4ER» I
1235 Market st, between Bth and »th. f
Telephone. South 247. I
1314
STEWART WAS
ONCE A NOTED
OPERA SINGER
The Porch-Climbing Burglar Is
Identified as Jules
Simonson.
He Is Recognized as the Brother of Mme.
Savile, Whose Voice Captivated
the Critics of London.
JAMES STEWART, the porch climb
ing burglar, who was arrested Sun
day night while in the act of ran
sacking the residence of A. R. Hey
man at 623 Eddy street, was last
i night identified as Jules Slmonson, a
brother of Mine. Savile, the celebrated
; opera singer.
Simonson is also a well-known opera
singer. About a year ago his voice lost
Its sweetness and he started on a career
of crime. Since that time he has en
tered a large number of houses and stolen
valuable property.
For some reason Chief Lee? is deter
mined to shield him, notwithstanding
that he realizes he is a clever burglar,
who would not hesitate to add murder to
his numerous crimes. Thus far only one
charge of burglary has been entered
against Simonson, although Detectives
Crockett and Silvey have sufficient evi
dence in their possession to show that
Simonson has committed at least twenty
burglaries in the past few months. Lees,
In his feeble way, last night not only tried
to shield the prisoner, but also positively
refused to give his true name.
". . "It matters not to the public," he re
marked, with a knowing wink to one of
■his trusted sleuthes, "whether this sup
posed burglar is named Stewart or some
thing else. He comes from a good family
i and I propose not to reveal his true name.
I'm Chief of Police, j.nd I intended to run
this office to suit myself."
When asked if he intended to place ad
ditional charges against the desperate
burgler, Lees childishly remarked that he
CLOSED TWO
VILE CHINESE
LAUNDRIES
Prompt Action of In
spector Dockery.
FOUND FILTH INDESCRIBABLE
COOLIES SMOKED AND SLEPT ON
UNWASHED CLOTHES.
In Both Places the Roofs Were Leaky
and the Seepage Was Allowed
to Collect and Lie Inches
Deep on the Floor.
Health Inspectors Dockery and I^enahan
yesterday afternoon closed two Chinese
laundries that for reeking, sickening filth
could hardly have a parallel.
Both the houses are in the Mission. The I
first one viated w.-is the '•stabllshment of j
"Wing Lung at 1208 Valencia street. This
place is not only vile in appearance, but
He occupants live with an utter disregard
.Ith or cleanliness;. It is a miserable
rickety shanty, and the half-dozen or
more of its occupants live, eat. sleep and ;
work In the same room. A long table |
runs the entire length of the one room,
and the unwashed clothes are gathered
and thrown in a heap under this table.
When night conns each Celestial takes
his < imlortlng opium pipe, crawls under j
t.i table ar;<l settles himself for a com
fortabl • smoke and a night's rest on the
verj articles of i-lothing which the white
patrons of the lllthy den wear the next
The roof i>t this establishment is also
In a leaky condition, and tubs and buck
ets arc- set on the door to catch the seep
age which i.- continually oozing from the
roof. When a bucket gets full it is al
lowed to run over, and the tilth is inches
thick on ihe door, while it hangs like
Btalacites in a cave at every leaky spot
in the ceiling. Mr. Dockery did not wait
to make a very close inspection. He im
mediately ordered all work quit and had
the tires put out. A guard of men was
placed i' the laundry to see that no more
work was done in the building and Wing
Lung wns given twenty-four hours to
pack up ana move out for good.
The other place was the establishment
of Hop Moon at Twenty-second .street and
Ban Jose avenue. It was, if anything,
viler than Wing Lung's filthy hovel. At
one time it had had a concrete floor, but
this was worn away and broken into
holes. These holes have been filled up
■with backs, and, as the roof Is leaky, the
Backs were soon saturated .with the seep
age from above. When the sacks became
■wet the coolies simply threw others on
top of them, and the result is that all
are reeking, filthy and nauseating. The
laundrynien were working in bare feet,
with their trousers rolled up, and would
frequently sink up to their knees in the
slimy mans of rags. Mr. Dockery at once
gave oiiiers that work be stopped, the
place cleaned out, and Hop Moon must
leuve»his disease-breeding laundry within
twenty-four hours and seek a cleaner
abode.
ALL ABOUT BOXERS.
Erne Will Not Fight Under the Aub-
pices of the Olympic Club.
The patrons of fistic sports in this j
city were somewhat surprised yester- !
day on reading a report from some ir-
" responsible Eastern correspondent that
Frank Erne was journeying to this city
ostensibly for the purpose of meeting
"Dal" Hawkins in a twenty-round con
test- under the auspices of the Olympic
Club.
The leader of the club, John Ham
mersmith, stated yesterday that a pro
fessional contest of this kind has never
been taken under consideration, and
furthermore, the Olympic Club does not
propose to give any high-class profes
sional boxing events in future.
Consequently the Hawkins-Erne pro
posed twenty-round contest will have
to be decided under the auspices of
some club unknown to the general
public.
It was whispered around last even
ing that one Ellinghouse, who has been
slightly interested in the past in affairs
pugilistic which had a rather unsav
ory reputation, was somewhat mixed
up in the Erne and Hawkins fistic pie,
and that under his management the
proposed "fake" would be introduced.
Whatever results may accrue from
■would see his men and find out whether
) or' not they had obtained enough cvi
: rtence against Simonson to warrant him
I in preferring other charges against htm.
As it is known that the detectives who
I are working on the case have obtained
! evidence against Simonson to send him
j to the penitentiary for the rest of his
; natural life, Lees' explanation is regarded
: in the light of a circus joke by the other
! officials of the department. . According to
i Detectives Silvey and Crockett, the high-
I born burglar on the evening of December
' 18 entered the residence of S. Salomon, at
1R42 Sutter street, and stole several hun
dred dollars' worth of jewelry .\ On Janu
-1 arv 8 he visited the house of Mrs. J. B.
White, at 1233 Eddy street and got away
with a lady's gold watch, several dia
monds and three gold shirt buttons.
On the same evening he broke into the
! residence of .Mr. Heick at 1928 Ellis street
j and purloined considerable jewelry. A
I few days later the daring crook visited
the residence of George Abrams at 1144
Turk street and "stole a pair of opera
glasses, several pieces of jewelry and a
small amount of money.
In every case he' either climbed the
porch and then entered through an open
window or visited a vacant house adjoin
ing and forced, an entrance. While ran
sacking the Heyraan residence he was
discovered by one of the family and held
until Sergeant Shea arrived. A razor,
which he had stolen, was found in his
stocking. When confronted by his cap
tor he drew a revolver, but was prompt
ly disarmed. The weapon has since been
identified as the property of Mr. Salomon,
whose house he had entered.
Notwithstanding that the detectives
have recovered nearly all the property
taken. Lees, anxious to save the bur
glarious opera singer, has refused to for
mally charge him.
the information at hand, it is certain,
however, that Erne is on his way to
this city, and that a prearranged affair
exists between himself and Mr. Haw
kins. '
The National Club has postponed the
McConnell and Neil twenty-round fight
until the evening of the 24th inst., as
Neil had asked for a postponement be
cause he did not have sufficient time to
condition himself for a hard battle.
Rather than see him enter the ring in
inferior shape the request was granted.
The preliminaries are of high-class or
der. "Cocker" Tweedie will meet
Charles Tye of the Acme Club of Oak
land in a bout of fifteen rounds at 135
pounds, and prior to the main event
a rattling ten-round "go" will be wit
nessed between "Jockey" Maynard and
Willie Cole— who also represents an
Oakland club— at 115 pounds. All in
all. the National Club has mapped out
a first-class evening's entertainment.
SHAFTER DUE ON FRIDAY.
His Public Reception Will Be Held on
Monday Next.
The comrrvttee nn arrangements for the
public reception to be given to Major Gen
er..l jhafer met yesterday and completed
all the necessary details. The reception
will be held next Monday evening in the
parlors of the Palace Hotel. The recep-
tion committee will meet in the parlors
at 8:30 o'clock. This committee will be
composed of the most prominent citizens
of San Francisco, and will represent all
of the social clubs and commercial organi
zations. The committee of arrangements
will to-day issue 2000 cards of invitation.
Colonel J. C. Currier, who is a member of
the committee of arrangements, said yes
terday that while the reception is to be
a public one and while any one is free
to come, still, the cards* were issued for
the purpose of keeping out any objection
able persons. The reception committee
will consist of about 100 gentlemen. The
committee will request General Shafter
to make some few remarks, and there is
no doubt that General Shafter will, like
Lieutenant Hobson, address the public
from the gallery on the first floor.
General Shafter is expected to arrive
here on Friday evening or Saturday
morning. After leaving Washington he
telegraphed Colonel William R. Smedberg
from Charlottesville, Va., that he was on
his way to San Francisco and that he
would stop a day at Los Angeles and
possibly one at his ranch near Bakers
field. Colonel Currier stated that in view
of the harsh criticism that had been
hurled at General Shafter, the Loyal Le
gion had determined to receive and enter
tain him, in order to show that none but
the kindliest feelings and highest regard
were entertained for him, but so many
prominent people had also expressed a
desire to properly receive the general that
the Loyal Legion had given way to the
wiFh of the citizens of the city and con
sented to unite in a public reception.
■ ♦ .
Feroni and His Knife.
Last evening about midnight Louis Fe
roni, a reporter on the Italian paper, was
arrested on a charge of assault with a
deadly weapon at the corner of Kearny
street and Broadway, alleged to have
been committed upon the person of Fran
cis Tettenatl. Tettenatl rushed out of a
cigar store about the hour named with
blood streaming from a severe knife cut
extending from his left ear to his mouth.
Officer Duane was soon on the scene and
the wounded man pointed out Feroni, who
was passing down an alley with his wife,
as his assailant. When searched Feroni
had no weapon on his person, and he de
nies any complication in the affair. Tet
tenati says that no words had passed be
tween them previous to the cutting.
Lecture by Bishop Nichols.
Bishop Nichols will lecture this evening
before the Men's Club of the Good Sa
maritan Mission. Second and Folsom
streets, on "The National Capital and the
Late Triennial Convention." The public
is invited. W
Robert Ban* has a capital story in
next Sunday's Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 18, 1899.
SEE THE TOTS' SHOW
AT THE ORPHEUM TO-DAY
THE Children's Hospital benefit matinee this afternoon promises to
be a great success. Many reserved seats have already been taken.
It now looks as though late comers will have to be content with
standing room. As the programme is a very long one the doors will
open at 1 o'clock and the curtain will go up promptly at 2. Another
volunteer has been added to the list. Julius Witmark. the vocalist
who recently made such a hit at the Orpheum, Is now en route East from his
engagement on the Orpheum circuit and will stop off for a day purposely
to sing for the
little children.
He will have
is little Ribble
and Master
Mang 1c s with
their cute child
songs and
dances. Querita
Vincent of the
Olympia will also
introduce some
novelties In this
line. All the Or
phe v m people
have something
new up their
sleeves for the
event. The four
Arbras are
about the best
in their Una
that have ever
been seen here,
and the Avolos
top anything In
the way' of xylo
phone p 1 a yers
that have ever
visited the
coast. Max Cin
clnatl, the funny
Juggler, -Is a
great hit and
will be one of
the most pleas-
Ing numbers on
the bill. John
nie Carroll and
Addle Crawford
in their black
face specialties
are a great go
and will have
an abundance of
new mat erial
for this day.
George Evans,
Papinta and
Voulette and Carlo? promise to do wonders In their respective lines. Barton
Hill and Charles Willard, assisted by Ella Sothern and L.ucila Nunn, will
present their clever comedy sketch, "Belinda Bailey's Boarders." This Ht
tlo farce is Milton Noble's latest effort and ranks high among his short
sketches. The dialogue is bright and witty and the situations very funny.
In 'he hands of such capable people as Mr. Hill and company the act is
a great hit. There will be no end of pretty flower girls to dispose of the
wagonloads of flowers that have been contributed by the leading florists of
the city. The fairest young ladies from the Tivoli, Columbia and Alcazar
theaters have volunteered their services, and the ladies from the Orpheum
company as well.
ADDIE CRAWFORD.
WOULD KILL
THE MAN WHO
HIT HIS FATHER
Assault to Murder in
the City Hall.
MEN AND WOMEN STAMPEDE
JOHN SHAUGHNESSY WOUNDS
W. H- HUGHES.
The Affray Follows a Free Fight in
Hughes' Saloon Monday Night
and Revenge Was the
2totive.
Two shots fired In rapfd succession ti
the Larkln-street corridor of the City
Hall, close to the entrance to Judge
THE SHOOTING OF HUGHES.
Conlan's courtroom. about 10 o'clock
yesterday morning, while the corridor was
crowded with men and women, caused a
general stampede and the wildest excite
ment.
The shots were fired by John Shaugh
nessy, a stevedore, 2S years of age, at
"William H. Hughes, a saloon-keeper at
765 Howard street. The shooting was the
j result of a free fight in Hughes' saloon
Monday night, during which Shaugh
nessy and his father, Martin Shaugh
nessy, 12 Chenery street, were struck in
the face and on the head with an icepick
or some other sharp instrument.
Shaughnessy and his father went into
I the saloon shortly before 10 o'clock and
j Shaughnessy paid Hughes 80 cents
for drinks he owed him. Then a
I stranger got Shaughnessy to shake dice
I for drinks, and when a proposition was
■ made to shake for money Shaughnr-ssy
I objected and the stranger struck him. A
i free fight followed, and Shaughnessy and
i his father came out of it badly battered.
| Detectives Ryan and ODea appeared on
j the secne and Shaughnessy accused
Hughes of striking him and his father
I with an icepick. Hughes was arrested
and booked at the City Prison on two
charges of assault with a deadly weapon.
Shaughnessy and his father were taken
to the Receiving Hospital, where their
wounds were stitched and dressed.
Hughes was released on bonds yester
day morning, and while he was standing
leaning against the West panel of the
door at the top of the steps leading from
McAllister street to the corridor Shaugh
nessy approached him, and. pulling a re
volver out of his pocket, took aim at his
breast, making the shoulder of Attorney
E. T. Dudley a rest for his arm. The bul
let missed Hughes andvstruck the stone
floor, ricocheted and struck the heel of
Eddie Graney's shoe. Dudley had just
time to wheel around when Shaughnessy
pressed the revolver against Hughes'
right breast and another shot rang
through the corridor. Hughes grappled
with Shaughnessy and seized hold of his
right wrist, and In the struggle they fell
to the floor, Shaughnessy on top.
The corridor was crowded with men and
women at the time and there was a gen
eral stampede. Some rushed along the
corridor and others down the steps to
McAllister street, while others ran Into
Judge Conlan's and Judge Mogan's court
rooms. Policeman Tom Ellis of the Har
bor district happened to be coming out of
Judge Conlan's courtroom and he was
the first to reach the struggling men.
He forced the revolver out of Shaugh
nessy's hand and was pulling him off
Hughes when Detective Crockett and Po
liceman Wagner appeared and helped
him. Then a crowd of policemen piled
on Shaughnessy and Hughes was left
lying on the stone floor. He was later
lifted to his feet, and to the inquiry as to
where he was shot, replied "In my
breast." '
He was assisted to the Receiving Hos
pital and after being placed on the oper
ating table Dr. Weil found that the bul
let had struck the breast bone to the
right and glanced along, lodging under
the left nipple, making only a superficial
wound. The bullet was extracted. Be
fore reaching the body it had passed
through Hughes' coat, vest, necktie and
shirt, whtch probably saved his life. The
muzzle of the revolver had been pressed
against the coat and the flash had set
flre to it. Another fortunate thing for
Hughes was that Shaughnessy flred side
ways, which accounts for the course of
the bullet.
Shaughnessy was taken to the City
Prison and a charge of assault to murder
was booked against him. His face showed
the marks of the beating he got the pre
vious night. He admitted that he in
tended to kill Hughes.
"Any man who would hit my old father
with a pick," he said, "I would kill. He
is 63 years of age and never harmed any
body. Hughes used a pick upon him and
me and I wanted revenge. I got the re
volver and made up my mind to kill him
this morning."
Hughes denied that he used a pick or
anything else upon Shaughnessy or his
father. The Shaughnessys got into a
fight and who struck them he did not
know. At one time he was a witness in
the Police Court against Shaughnessy.
who, he said, had been threatening him
ever since.
Judge Conlan was in his chambers
when the shots were fired. Clerk of the
Court Rice was at his desk and he made
a break for the Judge's chambers. Bai
liff Kelly ran into the corridor and Of
ficer Maurice Behan remained at his post
and kept his eyes on the prisoners in the
dock, as some of them were attempting
to climb 0%-er the railing to make their
escape in the confusion. Behan had to
get a long pole and whack them over the
head to compel them to desist in their
attempts. Judge Mogan was on the bench
and remained there. Bailiff Barry and
Officer Coughlin rushed for the corridor
and the prisoners in the dock began to
clamber over the railing, and one of them
almost succeeded in getting over before
they were subdued. There was a general
rush from police headquarters, but the
danger was over before any one could
reach the scene.
CLAIM THAT
MRS. SLIHKEY
WAS MURDERED
An Anonymous Letter
Charges Foul Play.
CORONER WILL INVESTIGATE
BODY TO BE EXHUMED AND THE
STOMACH ANALYZED.
It Is Insinuated ; That the Husband
of the Dead Woman Is Impli
cated in Her
Death.
Acting on an anonymous letter, which
asserts that Mrs. James E. Slinkey, who
was found hanging in a closet at her
home, 110 Ellis street last Friday, was
the victim of foul play, Coroner Edmund
E. Hill will to-day at noon exhume the
body from Laurel Hill and remove the
stomach in order to ascertain if possible
whether or not the woman came to her
death from poisoning.
The letter was received by Dr. Hill on
Sunday. It was postmarked 6 a, m. of
that day and had been mailed at the main
office. The writing is evidently that of
a woman. It reads as follows:
, Dr u, E U Hlll: Mr8 ' Slinkey'g death. Inquest
of this date, waa not suicide, as she was an
Invalid for over a year, and at the time of her
death could not move or lift even a pin. She
could not, under any circumstances, have com
mitted self-destruction unless she had taken
poison. As she did not do suoh, then others
hastened her end. This demands an investi
gation for the commonwealth. I have also
written the Chief of Police and Journals of this
city and will, when occasion offers present
myself with evidence. Living at his (Mr
Sllnkey's) house I know all. Kindly Investi
gate, as I am the only friend his wife had,
as he Is cohabiting with a woman who is at
present with him. He has declared if his
wife was dead he would be all right. This
is not written In malice, but In a spirit of
Justice. a FRIEND.
After receiving the letter Coroner Hill
consulted with the police, and Detective
Dillon was detailed on the case, but
nothing can be found to throw any light
on the matter. Dr. Hill decided yesterday
that he would have the body exhumed
He has invited Drs. Hughes, Gallagher
and O'Brien to be present with himself
and Dr. Zabala, the autopsy surgeon. The
stomach will be removed at the cemetery
and then the body will be reburied.
Mr. Slinkeiy visited the Coroner last
night, at the request of the latter, and
seemed very much surprised at the inti
mation in the letter that he was guilty of
the murder of his wife. He said the letter
must have been written by an enemy
probably a woman, but was unable to
form an opinion as to the author's Iden
tity. He denied that there was any truth
in the statements made in the letter, but
said to Dr. Hill: "If I am guilty I want
to be punished." An effort to see Mr.
Slinkey at his lodging-house last night
proved futile. The office boy admitted
that Slinkey was in, but this was vigor
ously denied by John Dem, a brother of
the dead woman. Dern stated that he
was of opinion his sister's death was
a plain case of suicide, but that If he
thought there had been foul play he would
leave no stone unturned to bring the
guilty party to justice.
It is very doubtful if the analysis of
the woman's stomach will bring any proof
of poisoning to light. Dr. Hill said that
strychnine or any form of opium could
easily be determined. The fact that the
body had been embalmed probably with
arsenic would be sufficient to make use
less any evidence which might be offered
that arsenic was found in the stomach.
When the autopsy was performed the
stomach was accidentally punctured and
THE ACCUSING LETTER SENT TO CORONER HILL
/
a portion of the contents spilled. This is
another barrier to the investigation, as it
is possible that there was not enough
left in the stomach to analyze.
Dr. Hughes, who attended the woman
for some time before her death, was
called to Dr. Hill's office last night and
asked his opinion of the case. He stated
to the Coroner that, while he said nothing
at the time and made no objection to the
opinion of Dr. Zabala that death was
caused by strangulation, he had .thought
that the Jungs were not sufficiently con
gested for a person who had died from
strangulation.
If the woman was murdered and then
hanged to the door of the closet it is the
opinion of Dr. Hill that she was not dead
when the rope was placed around her
neck. He bases his opinion on the fact
that when the body was found the eyes
and tongue were protruding. Had the
woman been dead when hanged this
would not have been the case.
The brother of Mrs. Slinkey attributes
her suicide, as he calls it, to the fact
that she was despondent over the loss of
property at Sausalito. In support of the
suicide theory he quotes Dr. Hughes, of
whom Mrs. Slinkey made Inquiries as to
whether death by strangulation was pain
ful. He says she had read the suicide
of Mrs. McQuewan and talked a great
deal of it.
One point which was overlooked by the
authorities when the body of the woman
was found is that the nails to wh!en the
rooe was tied were wrapped with a man's
handkerchief. This was evidently done
to keep the rope from slipping. Should
th» handkerchief be found and identified
it might be of value as evidence, even
though it is admitted that Mrs. JJlinkey
ha"l tree access to her husband's effects:.
Dr. Hill places little credence in tliv
charge made in the letter, but he will
nevtrthf.kss make a thorough investiga
tion tf the case.
J. E. Slinkey, in an Interview late last
night, stated that the report that his late
ADVEBTISEMENTS^^ .'.:'..,'
HOUSEKEEPING GOODS.
CURTAINS,
' \*/ V-/ AX * XjLJII k^J^
PORTIERES,
'• BLANKETS.
The attention of our customers Is called to the follow-
ing Bargains now offering In above ; goojls.
250 PAIRS
NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS, White and Ecru,
Price §1.00 Pair.
n luc v|?i« v/v/ ran ,
r*** d PAIRS
Extra Wide NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS,
Price 31.50 Pair.
200 PAIRS
FISHNET AND SAXONY LACE CURTAINS, Latest
c Patterns,
Price 32.00 Pair.
l^S PAIRS
TAPESTRY PORTIERES, New Colorings and Extras-
Quality,
Price 33 .OO Pair.
250 PAIRS
FINE WHITE CALIFORNIA BLANKETS, Extra Size
and Pure Wool, "'."..'
. Price 36. 00 Pair,
HOUSEKEEPERS SHOULD EXAMINE OUR
STOCK OF ABOVE GOODS.
111, 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
wife did not die of suicide is false in
every particular and Inspired by some en
emy. His wife was a sufferer from brain
trouble, and, half Insane, took her own
life.
Dr. F. F. Lord, who accompanied J« E.
Slinkey to the office of The Call, stated
that he had known Mrs. Slinkey for many
years and was the last person who saw
her alive. She repeatedly tola him that
she would kill herself and asked him a
number of questions regarding the action
of poisons. She suffered a great deal from
melancholia and was more or less insane
from her ailment. Dr. Lord also stated
that he was present at the autopsy held
on the body of Mrs. Slinkey, and that
the organs of the deceased were normal,
proving that no violence other than that
produced by her own suicidal act had
been done to the woman
" The , r j?port to the Coroner is a base
II?, 1 s £ id the doctor, "and that official
this afternoon, when he exhumes the
. J .i Wlll flnd no trace of anything but
suicide.
BATTLE FOR SUTRO'S WEALTH.
Validity of the Trust Clause Will
Probably Be Decided To-Day.
This morning at 10 o'clock argument
will be heard in the suit of Clara A. Su
tro, Edgar E. Sutro, Kate Xusbaum aitd
Rosa V. Morbio against Emma L. M\r
ritt and "W. H. R. Adamson, as trustees
named in the will of the late Adolph
Sutro, and Emma L. Merritt, her hus
band, George W. Merritt, and Charles \V
Sutro, as heirs of the deceased, to de
clare the trust clause in the will of the
dead millionaire null and void.
The matter was to have been decided
by Judge Troutt yesterday morning and
It was rumored that his decision would
have been averse to the trust clause but
as the proponents of the will asked that
the matter be argued and submitted for
decision it was set for hearing in the
afternoon. Judge Troutt was too busy to
hear argument on the issues of the care
and on motion of Attorney Wheeler who
represents the plaintiffs, the cuse was
continued until to-day. To-morrow morn
ing the contest of Edgar E. Sutro to th«
application to admit the will to probate
will open.
Mrs. Kluge-Sutro a Borrower.
Clara Kluge (Sutro), as she signs her
self, the alleged widow of Adolph Sutro,
filed a mortgage yesterday for $9000 on a
large lot out in the Richmond district.
The Hibernia Bank had a mortgage of
$7000 on the lot. This was released and the
second loan was made by A. W. Foster.
For the Normal School.
A public meeting by the friends of the
San Francisco Normal School will be held
next Monday evening in Superior Court
Department No. 6 of the new City Hall.
The object of the meeting is to formulate
a petition to the Board of Education ask
ing 1 that the board reconsider the resolu
tion for thf abolishment of the school.
Commodore Watson relates a num
ber of interesting anecdotes about
Farragut and other naval leaders in
next Sunday's Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
ESTABLISHED 17 YEARS.
Diseases and
Weakness of 0
m MEN
m ONLY.
No Pay Till Patients Arc Cured.
CONSULTATION FREE.
731 Market Street.
TAKE ELEVATOR.
Oppress^, biniocdtion, Neuralgia, etc., curwi oy
ESPIO'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Parii, 1. ISPIO ; New York, E. TOUOERA ft CO.
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS.
IA/. X. HESS,
ROTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNBY-AT LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Olaus Spreckela Bid*.
-•---: Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, 821 California at., below Powell.
Ban Francisco. ,
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
I(BAR\y AND WASHINGTON STS.—
"■• modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
«i European plan. Rooms, 50c to $150 day;
♦5 to $S week: $8 to »30 month. Free baths: hot
and cold water every room: flre grates In every
room; elevator runs all night.