VOLUME LXXXY-NO. 66.
PLUNGERS SENT THE
UNION BANK TO RUIN
Startling Disclosures Made in the
Commissioners' Report.
CONCERN HOPELESSLY WRECKED
A Coterie of Speculators Allowed to Receive Enormous
Overdrafts — Attorney General Will at Once Insti=
tote Suit to Declare the Bank
Insolvent.
THE Union Savings Bank of San
Jose will not reopen its doors. The
institution has been hopelessly
wrecked, and Attorney General
Tirey L.. Ford at the instance of
the Bank Commissioners will at once
institute legal proceedings to have the
bank declared insolvent. The concern
■will then go into liquidation, and
assessments will be levied on the stock
holders to pay the depositors. The Bank
Commissioners have finished their in
vestigation and the record Justifies the
accusation that the defunct institution
was managed by gamblers and not by
bankers.
Speculators and not investors were
given financial aid and hundreds of
thousands of dollars were loaned with
out proper security to plungers in their
wild schemes. In one instance the sum
of over $140,000 was given to a single
speculator in fruit, and not as much as
a scrap of paper was taken in ex
change. Not satisfied - ith this vicious
policy, the directors of the Union Bank
loaned the same man 580,000 more. Five
favored patrons of the bank were al
lowed to overdraw to the enormous
sum of $228,000. One of the directors of
the institution was allowed the privi
lege of overdrawing his account $12,000.
The spirit of speculation and gam
bling ran riot in the institution and the
inevitable crash followed. For many
months the bank was tottering and
then it fell. The commercial and sav
n:s ot the , l ).'nk wer*. in
-1 one with the other. Cash re
serves in neither department were
maintained at the proper point of
safety. A little clique of favored
speculators had full sway and sapped
the bank at its foundation. The rec
ords of the 'ink fail to disclose any
palpable frauds. The books under a
casual examination appear to have
been honestly kept. Among the worth
less securities of the institution there
nrp few purely accommodation notes.
As far as the Bank Commissioners
have investigated, there is nothing
upon which + charge the managers
•with a more serious offense than "bad
judgment." The character of that
"judgment" may be clearly seen, how
ever, in some of the results of the inves
tigation by the Commissioners. In the
wreck of the Union Bank one great
overshadowing sinister figure appears.
It is that of E. B. Howard, plunger and
gambler in fruit, who received from the
bank managers an enormous fortune
without giving a scrap of paper in se
curity.
The Bank Commissioners discovered
in their investigation of the bank's af
fairs a most startling series of ,i acts.
The commissioners reduced the avail
able assets of the bank the enormous
Bum of $491,411 27. cutting down the in
flated estimates of the bank authorities
from tho sum of $1,197,479 52 to $706,-
MX 25. Bills receivable that the bank
officers estimated at $302,835 48 the com
missioners value at $146,182 19. Over
drafts that the managers of the
wrecked concern estimated at $311,
--302 02 the commissioners declare are
not worth morn than $126,540 62. In a
general summary the commissioners
find that the available assets of the
hank are $138,215 35 less than the lia
bilities. This is a showing more shame
ful than was that of the Pacific Bank
when the firFt expose of the affairs of
that institution was made.
Notwithstanding these outrageous
facts, nothing more than an accusa
tion of "bad judgment" may be made.
This condition of affairs has existed
for many months, during which the
Bank Commissioners reported that the
institution was financially sound.
Gamblers and reckless speculators
were Riven the protection of the law to
plunder merchants and depositors. On
November 21 last the Bank Commis
sioners examined the Union Bank and
were thoroughly informed of the facts
that are now made public- The com
mission refused, however, to close the
bank and over two months more were
given to the manipulations of the
plungers. In this connection it should
not be forgotten that A. W. Barrett and
R D. Murphy were not on the commis
sion which was then composed of H.
W. Magee, John Markley and Paris
Kilburn. As It requires a unanimous
vote of the commission to close a bank,
John Markley was powerless to act in
the face of the adverse decision of his
associates.
The significant story of the wreck of
the Union Savings Bank of San Jose
begins- with the examination made by
the Bank Commissioners on November
21 last. ' As already indicated, the com
missioners as a body did not then con
sider the bank insolvent and conse
quently refused to close it. The out
rageous banking methods of the man
agers were palpable facts, however,
and on December 3 the commissioners
gent the following important letter:
• December 3, 1898.
To the Officers and Directors of the
Union Savings Bank, San Jose, Cal.— Gen
tlemen: The examination recently, made
The San Francisco Call.
by the commission of your bank presents
a condition of the bank's business and its
management which does not meet the ap
proval of this board.
We find upon examlnatipn that the bank
has resources of $794,465 15, and that you
have as a cash reserve on hand in bank
the sum of $10,575 02 and due from banks
the sum of $40,483 28, making a total of
$51,058 37.
This sum is only a fraction over 6 per
cent of your deposit liability. In a bank
of the character and importance of the
Union Savings Bank, doing the business
which it does, you should under no cir
cumstances let its reserve fall below 20
per cent in cash of the depositors' lia
bility.
The sum now held by you is by this
commission considered far below the
limit and may cause serious results. It is,
in fact, unsafe banking and dangerous in
the extreme.
Again, -we find you are sanctioning a
practice which this commission has al
ways condemned, viz., permitting over
drafts to such an extent as is dangerous,
especially so in the cases of Howard &
Co., J. F. Devendorf, Jersey Laundry
Tract, Thomas E. Johnson and the Santa
Clara Fruit Exchange. You have permit
ted Howard & Co. to draw from your
bank the enormous sum of $141,728 80. for
which amount you have not even taken a
promissory note. In addition to this Film
you have advanced to him the further
sum of $86,500 as a commercial loan, mak
ing a total of $228,220.
This is unsafe banking and very dan
gerous for a bank under any circum
stances, and especially so of a bank with
a capital of only $300,0)0.
It is nearly one-fourth of your loan re
sources.
In the case of J. F. Devendorf you have
Continued on Page Nine.
THE DREAM OF MOREHOUSE AND WORKS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1899.
AGONCILLO SENDS
SOMETHING LIKE
AN "ULTIMATUM"
The Representative of Aguinaldo Said to
Be Bidding for an Order to
Leave the Country.
|||||||| Call Office, Riggs House, Washington, Feb. 3. % ■
. Agoncillo was with his attorneys for several hours to-day, and at the close of the con- .-.88
ference Lopez, secretary of the Junta, called at the State Department and left another, message '88
in writing. It is said to be saucy in tone and amounts to an "ultimatum." 88
It is believed among diplomatic sharps that Agoncillo has a twofold purpose in send-
ing this last message. First, he wants to influence Senators who are hesitating about voting 4 &
for the peace treaty by making it appear that the Filipinos will give us everlasting trouble, 88
and, second, he seeks to provoke the State Department to give the Filipinos their passports 88
and thereby create sympathy and sentiment favorable to their cause. - 88
The Filipinos have their transportation to Canada already engaged. $8
• ■ 8?
PROBABLY
AGUINALDO
WILL SELL
At All Events, the
President Is Think
ing of Making
Him an Offer.
Tl J EW YORK, Feb. 3.— The Her-
IV I aid's Washington correspondent
NEW YORK, Feb. 3.— The Her
ald's Washington correspondent
■ends 'he following: Believing
X V the pacification of Cuba is as-
sured as a result of the concili
ation of General Gomez, administration
officials are urging the President to
take action looking to the conciliation
of Aguinaldo, and to securing his co
operation in settling the Philippine
question.
The authorities are confident there
will be no trouble In accomplishing the
disbandment of the Cuban army, now
that its leader has consented to aid
the President in bringing peace to the
island. General Gomez's dispatch to
the President was most flattering. He
presented his compliments and said
he would be very glad to comply with
the wishes of the President, and that
he would go to Havana and confer with
General Brooke relative to the settle
ment of questions concerning the af
fairs of the Island. Secretary Hay. by
direction of the President, immediately
sent a congratulatory cablegram to Mr.
Porter for transmission to General
Gomez.
In view of this satisfactory outcome
in Cuba it is urged by some that a sim
ilar experiment should be tried with
Aguinaldo. Advices from General Otis
show that conditions in the archlDelaeo
are improving. He says he is confident
that when the treaty of peace is rati
fied all opposition t<\yMaerica« control
will Vpnap-. .\ V
General Otis has before been directed
to keep in communication with Aeuin-
aldo and explain the friendly purposes
of this Government, but the point is
made that if the commission now on
the way to the Philippines or one of
its members should be directed to con
fer with Aguinaldo, as Mr. Porter was
instructed to do with Gomez, and ex
plain the wishes of the President, the
backbone of the fight against the sov
ereignty of the United States would be
broken and a different aspect would bi
placed on the situation.
Responding to a resolution of in
quiry, the Secretary of War to-day sent
to the Senate General Otis' report on
the health conditions at Manila. The
report was dated yesterday and, of
course, was made by cable. It follows:
"Deaths among troops in Philippines
since arrival to February 1, seven
months, 220, of which 41 were due to
wounds and accidents. Of the remain
ing 179, 65 died of typhoid, 43 of small
pox, 22 of dysentery, 8 of malarial fever.
The remaining deaths were due to
many and various diseases. Smallpox
causes apprehension. The entire com
mand has been vaccinated several
times. Twelve physicians have been
engaged for several weeks vaccinating
natives. The more sickly season is dur
ing the hot months, March, April and
M iy, whfen fevers, smallpox and dysen
tery are more prevalent. Nine per cent
of the command are now reported sick,
a great majority of the cases being
slight ailments."
PARDEE TO HELP
GRANT AND THEN
GET PERKINS' SEAT
This Is the Latest Development in
the Senatorial Contest.
PIECRUST FOR THE SENATOR.
Burn's Touts Using All Their Energies Now to Force
Country Members to Come to Their Can*
didate by False Pretenses.
CALL HEADQUARTERS,
Sacramento, Feb. 3.—
The most significant
development of the week
in the Senatorial contest
is the departure to-night
of Frank Jordan for Oak
land for the purpose of
bringing to the front Dr.
George C. Pardee. The
story goes that Pardee
and Grant will do Sena
torial politics on the basis
of the doctor giving sup
port to Grant at the pres
ent time with the assur
ance that four years hence
when Perkins' term ex
pires Grant will return the
support to elect Pardee
Senator.
Dp. Pardee's influence as
a deadlock breaker will be
welcomed hef c. Of course,
Senator Perkins in Wash
ington may be surprised,
as he has been giving his
quiet support to Grant
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
while writing friendly let
ters to Barnes and Bulla.
The Grant men may regard
the promise to Perkins,
implied or otherwise, as
campaign piecrust and
proceed to break it.
The touts are disappearing from the
scene, but this does not signify that
they will stay away from the Capitol.
It is highly probable that they will be
here in force next Monday ready to
badger members on the proposition to
go into caucus. For days and days the
touts will swarm around the Golden
Eagle Hotel and then all at once they
will vanish. No doubt they obey in
structions to go home and recruit
more touts, or take a run to some in
terior town and make a secret play to
get this man or that man to come to
Sacramento and urge some Senator or
Assemblyman in the Grant, Bulla or
Barnes camp to join the scheme for a
caucus to break the deadlock.
During the past three days Assem
blyman Clough of Plumas has been
besieged by touts of the Burns corral.
They urge him to join in the caucus
scheme. One of the men who has been
harassing- Judg^ Cfcngb ta from Oro
ville and the other is a well-known tout
from San Francisco. The veteran jurist
was patient under the fire of many in
terviews, but when he deemed that for
bearance had ceased to be a virtue he
told the chief tout to go to the lower
regions for a caucus. The incident, so
far as it relates to the representative
of Plumas County in the Legislature, is
closed.
It comes to light that special efforts
are being made to enlist good-natured
but weak country editors in the work
of soliciting a caucus. It is known that
Mr. Holden, who is here from Wheat
land, has produced a letter from Editor
Durst of the Wheatland Four Corners
in which the statement is made that the
people of Wheatland who once were
favorably disposed to Barnes, Scott and
Grant are now of the opinion that
Burns might be a possible popular can
didate. The clearing away of the cloud
on Burns' reputation is mentioned as a
point in the colonel's favor. No one has
presented a petition signed by a ma
jority of the Republican voters of
Wheatland or letters from any consid
erable number of voters asking the
Representatives of that locality to join
the colonel in a scheme for a caucus.
There is hardly a doubt that the plan
of getting Holden here with a letter
from Durst emanated from the "organ
ization."
Holden will soon return home with
about the same sort of feeling that O.
A. Hale carried when he- left Sacra
mento for the Garden City.
Assemblyman Raub, who represents
Tuba and Sutter counties, has had his
little experience with this latest thing
In the line of Burns touts. Mr. Holden,
who, with Editor Durst, evidently con
stitutes that "undercurrent of feeling
for Burtis," which is Just now inflict
ing the Wheatland district, has made
his headquarters at the Assemblyman'a
desk for the past four or five days and
has argued long though rather thick
ly the Mexican attainments and the
wishes of the people at home that he be
elected.
Asked about the matter last night,
Mr. Raub said: "Now, I come from a
Republican county, and Wheatland Is
the heaviest Republican district In It.
My opponent, a man named Hicks,
lives there, but I was given to under
stand that I would run all light, not
withstanding. There is ordinarily a
Republican majority of seventy-five In
that city, but when the election came
along I got the knife good and strong.
Hicks piled up a majority of fifty-four
on me in that precinct, so when Holden
came on me the other day with a
proposition to vote for Burns I did not
understand it. He said the people up
there demanded it, and kept at me for
three or four days, until finally I
called up the election and asked him
what right the people of Wheatland
had to dictate to me when they had
treated me the way they had. I told
him I thought Durst, who runs a paper
called the Four Corners, was one of
those who knifed me, and he at once
either wrote or telephoned to him what
I had said.. Next morning I got a let
ter from Durst telling me all this stuff
about Burns and how the feeling up
there was and presuming to dictate.
I got so mad I threw his letter in the
fire and wrote him a reply acknowl
edging It, but giving him no satisfac
tion on the Senatorial proposition.
"I have nothing against Burns, but
lam not going to vote for him. I think
we hold the key to the situation, and
we would be fools to quit and make
him a present of this office when I
think we stand the best chance of win
ning it ourselves. That's the way the
rest feel, too. If this man Durst wants
to represent the feeling of the people
of his district for Burns he had better
send a more fit representative down
here to do it, anyway."2
INCIDENTS OF THE DAY AT SACRAMENTO.
HARBOR COMMISSIONERS
NOT TO BE DEPOSED
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, Feb. 3.— Senator Dickin
son's bill to legislate out of existence the. present State Board of
Harbor Commissioners of San Francisco does not meet with the ap
proval of all of the Republican members of the Legislature and they are
kicking against it.
tor Dickinson has stated as an open fact that he introduced the
bill, which increases the number of appointees who shall constitute the
board from three to five, for the express purpose of making the board
Republican, in order that all of its patronage may go to Republicans,
and it also provides that every member of the present board shall have
Tiis term of office brought to a summary end.
But there seems to be a certain spirit of fairness and justice gov
erning many of the Republican members and it is understood that
when Dickinson's bill comes up, either in committee or on second read
ing, a proviso will be added whereby Major J. P. Harney and Rudolph
Herold. present members of the board, will be permitted to serve out
their full terms under the present law. But Governor Gage will, by the
substitute measure, be given authority to appoint three additional com
missioners. They will, of course, be Republicans and this will have the
effect of placing all of the patronage of the board In the hands of
Republicans.
There is an agreement existing among Republjcan members of the
Legislature whereby this substitute will be adopted and a certain
Senator has been designated to draw up the substitute bill.
GROVE L. JOHNSON
AND THE SMITH BILL
The Most Outrageous Proposi
tion Ever Presented to a
Legislative Body.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 3.— Grove I* Johnson has
fathered a bill which he introduced in
the Assembly whereby ten thousand
dollars of the money of the taxpayers
of California would be diverted into
the pockets of persons who are no more
entitled to it than the scarlet women of
Babylon were entitled to wear the robes
of a virgin.
The Call this morning exclusively re
lated the story of Johnson's introduc
tion of the bill, but a further investiga
tion shows that the claim against the
State to which Grove L. Johnson has
given the use of his name in order to
bring it before the Legislature is one of
the most outrageous propositions that
was ever presented to a legislative
body.
On Saturday night, May 17, 1891,
Robert Allen, a pioneer and saloon
keeper, was knocked down by a blow
from a blacksmith's hammer as he
was nearing his home. He was robbed
i i gey« ral hundred dollars which he
had with him. The blow killed him.
Subsequently three men, Harry Gor
don, Robert Mushett alias "Brady,"
and Edward McCaig alias "Casey,"
were arrested. They confessed their
knowledge of the crime. Gordon ad
-1 Itted that he and a man named Ha
ley, with whom he had become ac
quainted in a lower X street dive, kept'
by J. I). Smith, had concocted the rob
bery, and that Brady had procured the
hammer for them. Investigation de
veloped that William Furlong, who was
then a night bartender for Robert Al
len, was an intimate friend of J. D.
Smith. Night after night, after the
closing of Aliens saloon, Furlong
would visit Smith and poet him as to
how Allen handled his money, stating
that generally on a Saturday night
Allen would take the money to his
home, wrapped in a cigar case.
It developed that this Smith, seeing
that Haley was a suitable tool, had told
Haley that he could put him on to a
"lay" where $600 or $700 could be made,
but that it required two men to do the
Job; that Haley then took Gordon in on
the proposition and that the trio,
Haley, Gordon and Smith, talked over
the job; that Smith then told them
about Robert Allen and how easy it
would be to "do" the old man in some
dark spot and get the money. It was
further Bhown that Smith wanted $150
for himself for giving Haley and Gor
don the tip, and also that Bartender
Furlong wanted $100 out of it for put
ting Smith on to the job. Other cir
cumstances corroborated .the testimony
of the men who -were charged with the
robbery, and Smith was arrested and
tried. On his first trial Grove L
Johnson defended him. The jury dis
agreed.
The first trial exhausted all the
money that Smith pqsa bo ■- and Grove
L. Johnson, who had- been his attorney
deserted him.
W. C. Van Fleet, then Superior Judge
afterward an Associate Justice of the
Supreme Court, appointed the man who
had deserted his client aud left him de
pendeat upon the mercy of the court
and the (egal fraternity, to act as
Smith's attorney. Grove L. Johnson
made all manner of excuses to the
fcourt, and Alvin Brunei- was appointed
to defend him.
On the second trie Smith was found
guilty and sentenced to life imprison
ment- His case was appealed to the Su
preme Court, but not until after
Smith's death at the County Hospital
of consumption did the Supreme Court
enter a judgment reversing the lower
court. The people of Sacramento feel
that there is not the slightest shadow
of a doubt that J. D. Smith was ac
countable for the murder of Robert Al
len.
But now comes Grove L. Johnson,
■who, as a lawyer, had deserted his cli
ent and left him at th«- liar of 'istice
accused of a crime which, if he were
convicted, carried him either to the gal
lows or the penitentiary for the term
of his life, posing as the father of a
bill to give $10,000 of the people's money
to the heirs of the accused murderer
• Admitting that every dollar the State
would in justice pay to those heirs
was for their sole benefit, what founda
tion of reason or justice exists for a
claim of this character? It is univer
sally admitted that there is none. Yet
Grove L. Johnson proposes that this
money i belonging to the taxpayers
shall be appropriated to pay a claim
•which before any court or board of ar
bitrators would be looked upon as far
cieah Mr. Johnson says the press
abuses him unjuFtly. When Mr. John
son stands as the sponsor of the al
leged claim of the heirs of J. D. Smith
against the State can he consistently
ask for journalistic approval of his
act, when he does so as a public ser
vant?
ASSEMBLY ROUTINE
BROUGHT SURPRISES
rALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 3.— First the Belshaw bill,
now the Cutter enactment to be broken
into by the hungry mob in the Assembly.
The better part of this morning's session
of that body was given over to reading
resolutions to pay large blocks of hard
cash to employes that were never em
ployed and the appointment by resolution
of others who did not get in on the cau
cus division. It was a merry carnival,
although somewhat confused. Mr. John
eon, one of those who profited most by the
late division, offered a resolution to pu.y
off still another of the numerous attaches
he has attached to the Judiciary Com
mittee. It was a temporary sergeant-at
arms named Walter Trefry, .and he was
presented with $30. Mr. Melick of Pasa
dena sent up another allowing Charles
£*& a porter, $72 for his month's work,
and Kelsey took care of Ed Smith, who
got in to the extent of $186 as an unem
ployed assistant clerk at the desk.
Ernest Rhodes and Ralph Schleur, who
nave done splendid work as pages, were
given $45. A. C. Vignes, who has been act
ing as sergeant-at-arms to the Ways and
Means Committee, was awarded $30.
ti i "J another resolution provided that
.Lloyd C nilds. who has rendered services
as clerk to the Committee on Counties
and County Boundaries; should be paid
his per diem from January 10 to the Ist
of the present month, and It included a
little joker by further providing that
whereas, the committee has no duly ap
pointed clerk, he be retained in his pres
ent capacity." The Committee 1 on Agri
culture was in the same predicament and
provided exactly the same thing for Clyde
Alford, who has been acting as clerk since
the 10th of the past month. >
Assemblyman Cosper of Tulare took
cognizance of the fact that in some cases
clerks have been employed where they
were not needed and that there were
others incompetent and unfit to fill any
position. He introduced a resolution call
ing upon the Committee on Attaches to
immediately investigate the condition of
affairs with a view to reporting to the
House clerks employed and not working
and clerks not of sufficient capacity to
warrant their retention.
Matters were interrupted for a few
minutes by Assemblyman Glenn, who of
fered a resolution to the memory of the
late Senator Boggs. It was adopted by a
rising vote.
Recess followed the joint toallot at noon,
and it was after 2 o'clock before order
was called again, and for the rest of the
clay the special order and second and
third reading files were the only business
considered.
Cobb's journeyman hbrseshoers' bill,
which was defeated yesterday, came up
again on the author's motion for a re
consideration of the vote, and after a
hard fight it eventually passed.
Assembly bill 182, by Assemblyman
Mack, which Js a bill to allow unincorpo
rated towns To organize fire departments,
was also argued at length and passed.
Johnson's cruelty to animals law and
Assembly bill 5 was given the same con
sideration. •f- •: - . ■. - -
Assemblyman Lawrence Hoey's bill,
which provides ft>r an eight-hour labor
day on all public- contracts, precipitated
considerable debate. The bill provides
that on all public contracts, contractors
' shall work their men but eight hours,
unless their men are paid overtime for
work beyond that limit. Johnson of Sac
ramento asked if the present law does not
settle that point, and Hoey replied that it
did so far as the original contractors were
concerned, but that If the contract were
sublet the subcontractors were not bound
by its provisions and always ignored
them. The bill was honored by a unani
mous vote.
Assembly bill 181, by Meserve of San
Bernardino, provided for the vacation and
closing up of public grants and parks not
within municipalities and was passed
after little debate.
Senate joint resolution 12, relative to Im
provements at San Pablo Bay, Assembly
joint resolution 8, relative to the comple
tion of the jetty at San Diego Bay, As
sembly joint resolution 10. relative to the
establishing of granite poets to mark the
true line between California and Nevada,
and Assembly joint resolution 13, relative
to the recreation of the rank of admiral
and conferring it upon Rear Admiral
Dewey, were all passed.
Bill 196 by Mead of Los Angeles was on
file, but was allowed to go over to its
next reading -upon request of its author.
The bill provides that the holders of
franchises in municipalities shall pay
each year into the Treasury of the city
not more than three per cent of their
gross earnings.
The second reading file was taken up
later in the afternoon and at 4:30 adjourn
ment was taken to the regular hour to
morrow morning.
CITIZENS' RIGHTS
SAVED BY ORATORY
A Bill to Deny Vagrants Trial
by Jury Brings Out Vigor
ous Protests.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 3.— There was a flow of
eloquence in the Senate this afternoon
which offered a great opportunity for
the word-painters to get to the front,
and they did not fail to avail them
selves of the great chance which Sen
ator Nutt had opened up to them by
the introduction of the following bill,
which has the effect of denying to
vagrants the right of trial by Jury.
"A trial by a jury may be waived by
the consent of both parties expressed in
open court and entered in the docket.
In cases of vagrancy, disturbing the
peace and other similar petty offenses
the court may summarily proceed to
trial and judgment without a jury. The
formation of the jury Is provided for
in chapter 1, title 3, part 1, of the Code
of Civil Procedure."
When the bill came up on second
reading Senator Charles M. Shortridge,
the oratorical giant of San Jose, arose
in his seat and for full five minutes
charmed the Senators and spectators
with his eloquence. Senator Shortridge
in substance spoke as follows:
"To think that a member of this
Senate should rise in his seat and make
a proposition to deny to any citizen or
inhabitant of this country the right of
trial by jury brings to my cheeks the
blush of shame, when I contemplate the
fact that I am also a member of that
same body. The inalienable right- of
every citizen of this country to trial by
jury is guaranteed to them by the Fed
eral constitution, and our forefathers
fought and died to sustain it. The fact
that we should to-day attempt to elim
inate this right seems to me a gross
outrage."
Senator Morehouse made a strong
speech against the bill, as did also Sen
ators Davis and Sims.
Senator Smith of Bakersfield made an
extraordinary argument in favor of
the bill. He took the ground that If the
right of trial by jury were abrogated as
tn the petty offenders against the law
THE SAN FRAXCIHCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1899.
it would be a protection to society. He
insisted that all the tramps were es
sentially vagrants from choice, and
never from necessity.
Senator Morehouse made a most im
passioned plea against the passage of
the bill. He said that the constabulary
and the police of the State had time and
again been guilty of arresting worthy
persons on the charge of vagrancy and
before a jury no such allegation could
ever be sustained. The Senator stated
that the bill was one of the most dan
gerous attacks on one of the great pri
mary principles of the American Gov
ernment, denying to people who must,
of necessity, be without friends or
money, the right of trial by jury. If
the Senate of the State of California
started and took the initiative in this
matter of obliterating the rights of
every citizen which are guaranteed him
by the constitution, what would the end
be? Would it result finally in the
passage of a law whereby, in on;
be able to secure a trial by jury, a de
fendant must possess a certain sum of
money or property? This was, in the
mind of Senator the direc
tion the bill took and he was unalter
ably opposed to it.
Senator Cutter contended that it was
only the guilty, man who denumded a
trial by jury. Innocent men wire al
ways willing to submit their case to the
judgment of the courts. However, the
Senator stated that it was his Intention |
to vote against the bill, as he cdnsid- ]
ered it to be unconstitutional.
Senator Gillette, the chairman of the
Judiciary Committee, which committee
had reported the bill favorably, .made a
plea in favor of its passage. He agreed
with Senator Smith that the principle
involving: the right of trial by jury was
not assailed by this bill from the simple
fact that it gave courts the right to
dispose of petty cases without going
to the trouble of securing a jury.
Senator Wolfe of San. Francisco gave
DR. R. BEVERLY COLE.
notice that he proposed to speak upon
the bill, and pending its consideration
the Senate adjourned.
This measure was introduced by
Senator A. E. Nutt of San Diego, and
when asked about it he said that it was
sent to him from the City Attorney of
San Diego and he had introduced it at
his request. He further added that he
knew nothing about the bill and was
inclined to oppose it.
Senator Shortridge in conversation
said: "The present vagrancy laws are
not applied to the parties whom it is
designed they should reach. Men who
live off the earnings of abandoned
women are never or seldom arrested
on a charge of vagrancy, yet it is a
palpable fact that they come within the
limit of the law. Some poor devil with
out money or friends, who would b4 a
good honorable man if he but had th^
opportunity to obtain work, is arrested
on a vagrancy charge by some fee
chasing Constable and made to suffer."
JUDGE PATERSON
WANTS BUT ONE COURT
CALT, HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 3.— Ex-Supreme Court Jus
tice Van R. Paterson appeared before the
Senate Judiciary Committee this evening
in opposition to the constitutional amend
ment introduced by Senator Dickinson,
and after hearing the amendment read
and discussed by the members of the
committee, spoke first in regard to the
amendment and afterward brought before
the committee a proposed constitutional
amendment formulated by him. which
differs in many respects from that pro
posed by Dickinson. In brief, the amend
ment introduced by Senator Dickinson is
as follows:
That a district court of appeals be added
to the judicial department of the State,
which now comprises a court of impeach
ment, a Supreme Court, Superior courts,
Justices of the Peace and such inferior
courts as the Legislature may establish.
Heretofore the Supreme Court has been
the only court of appeals, but by the pro
visions of Dickinson's amendment the Su
ANOTHER BALLOT
AND NO CHANGE
CALL ( HEADQUARTERS,
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 3.—Com
mittee work and well-stuffed
files in both houses prevented
the taking of more than one
joint balLot at noon to-day, and
the one brought no change.
Stephen M. White is still in the
lead. The vote went through
without incident, and resulted
as follows:
BARNES 10
ESTEB 1
BULLA 12
BURNS i ...i24
FELTON 1
dRANT 26
SCOTT 2
BARD : 2
DE VRIRS 1
ROSENFELD 2
WHITE 27
■ preme Court shall be divided into two
1 appellate districts, in each of which there
shall be a district court of appeals, con
i sisting of three Justices. The first ap
■ pcllate district shall embrace the follow
: ing counties: Alam^da, Contra Costa, Del
j Norte. Humboldt. Lake, Marin, Mendo
-1 eino, Monterey, Napa, San Benito, Santa
i Clara, Santa Cruz. San Luis Obispo, San
i Mateo, Sonoma, Solano and the city and
county of San Francisco. The official
designation of the district court of ap
peals in this district shall be "the Court
of Appeals of the State of California In
and for the First District." It Bhall hold
four sessions each year in San Francisco,
beginning on the third Monday In Febru
ary, May, August and November. The
court may order any special sessions it
may see fit.
The second appellate district shall em
brace all the remaining counties in the.
State, and will hold its sessions in Los
Angeles and at Sacramento or the capital
of the State. This will have four sessions
also, beginning on the fourth Monday in
February, May, August and November;
the February and August sessions to be
held at Los Angeles and the May and No
vember cessions at the State capital. As
in the case of the first district, special
sessions may be held upon the order of
the court.
The .Legislature may at any time in
crease the number of appellate districts
and District Courts of Appeal, and the
Supreme Court has the privilege of re
moving any counties it might wish from
one district to another.
The Justices of the District Courts of
Appeals shall be elected t>y the electors
within their respective districts. The
Governor shall appoint three Justices for
each court, and they will classify them
selves by lot so that one of them shall go
out of office at the end of rour years,
another at eight years #nd the third shall
hold office for the fulKterm of twelve
years. If a vacancy occurs the Governor
shall appoint the successor to fill the un
expired term.
The courts shall have appellate jurisdic
tion in their respective districts in all
cases of appeal provided by law from the
Superior Courts, except those in which
the appeal is to be taken direct to the
Supreme Court.
The object of ex-Judge Paterson's pro
posed amendment is, as he states, to
bring appeal cases to a speedy close, and
the only way it differs with that cf Sen
ator Dickinson's is that but one appel
late court be added to the Judicial depart
ment of state, and -that it shall consist
of a Chief Justice and two Associate Jus
tices, possessing the qualifications re
quired in Justices of the Supreme Court,
and that the entire State shall come un
der its jurisdiction. It shall have final
and exclusive appellate jurisdiction.
Ex-Judge Paterson spoke at some
length on his proposed amendment, say
ing that it would not only gave the ex
pense of one appellate court, which
would amount to the neighborhood of
$50,000 a year, but will expedite matters
in appeal cases.
STATUS OF THE VETERANS'
HOME AT YOUNTVILLE
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 3.— The deed conveying to
the State the land and buildings of the
Veterans' Home, Yountville, is in the
hands of Governor Gage, and may at any
time be accepted. The documents were
examined and approved by Attorney Gen
eral Ford and found to be regular in all
respects.
The law authorizing the transfer of thl3
property to the State was passed by the
Legislature two years ago, but just at the
time the Veterans' Home Association was
ready to make the conveyance in accord
ance with the law Governor Budd ex
cluded from the general appropriation bill
the item of $90,000 for the support of the
home- for the two fiscal years. The attor
ney of the board was consulted, and he
advised that a conveyance might leave
the instrUition without any means of sup
port. The judgment of other lawyers and
the opinions of business men were in
vited, and the conclusion was reached
that It would not be prudent to change
the status of the institution, since the
allowance for the State support of the in
stitution had been vetoed. Governor Budd
adhered to the opinion that the law pro
vided for the support of the institution,
and gave as a reason for striking the
allowance from the general appropriation
bill that the item was unnecessary
The present Legislature will doubtless
clearly define the relations of the State to
the Veterans' Home. The subject of allow
ance has engaged the attention of the
Ways and Means Committee of the As
sembly. There is a bill pending to allow
for ten years an amount not to exceed
$75,000 a year. While the maximum of at
tendance is less than 1000 Mr. Valentine,
chairman of the Ways and Means Com
mittee, suggests that the allowance au
thorized by the Legislature should not ex
tend beyond the period of two years.
He has signified a willingness to recom
mend an allowance of $60 per capita for
800 residents. This will allow a sum suffi
cient to meet the present necessities. The
United States Government allows the
home $100 per year for each veteran re
siding permanently at the institution. It
is suggested by members ot the Legisla
ture* who are giving attention to meas
ures of practical economy, that it would
be wise for the Legislature to allow
money to erect an additional building at
the home, which would accommodate 400
old soldiers. That allowance would en
able the home to take care of disabled
veterans now supported, to some extent,
by the counties respectively in which t'ie>
live. The United States allowance Is o.^ly
for those actually residing at the home.
The counties cannot get the allowance
from the nation, but the State, by contri
buting for example $60 per year would get
the additional $100 per annum from the
Government.
Applicants for admission to the home
are aenied, because there is no room for
more except as the death roll provides
vacancies. Before long the disabled sol
diers of the Spanish war will be repre
sented in the applications, hence the
pressure for admission promises to in
crease rather than diminish.
Mr Loup, president of the board of di
rectors of the home. Senator La Rue of
Napa and others are active in presenting
to the Legislature the facts regarding the
requirements of the institution. The na
tional records, as well as the State rec
ords, are cited to attest the fact that the
management of the home is highly cred
itable. Seven hundred and fifty veterans
now reside at the home.
FOR BURNS UNDER
NO CONS'DERAHUN
Cutter and Baub Will Have None of
the Mine Jumper.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 3.— Pressure is being
brought to bear upon Senator Cutter
and Assemblyman Raub to prevail
upon them to leave the Grant phalanx
and go over to the camp of Daniel M.
Burns.
But the pressure will never be suffi
cient. It is absolutely an effort direct
ed to change the sentiments and opin
ions of two men, both of whom to
night stated that as long as there was
breath in their bodies they would
never cast their votes for the mine-
Jumper of Candelaria for United States
Senator. Senator Cutter's district In
cludes the counties of Sutter, Yolo and
Yuba. This evening in speaking of
the possibility of his ever voting for
Burns on the strength of or because
pressure was brought to bear upon
him Senator Cutter said:
"I don't care what they say or do. I
am as capable of judging of the wishes
and desires of my constituents as is
any man whom Colonel Burns may se
lect for the purpose of dictating to me
as to whom I shall vote for for United
States Senator. As far as Sutter
County Is concerned, I know that the
sentiment of the voters there Is over
whelmingly against Burns.
"When you get down to Tolo County,
where Burns has lived for years and
years, I feel confident that it would be
impossible to secure the vote or pledge
of a majority of the citizens there in
Burns' favor. He has friends at Wood
land, the county seat, where he lived
for a number of years, and where he
yet has large property interests. But
outside of Woodland, where Burns is
known for Just exactly what he is, I
know that the people have no desire to
advance to high public position men of
the stamp of Daniel M. Burns.
"I feel so confident that I am right in
my assertion that I will predict that if
the people of Yolo County could be
fairly and honestly polled as to their
Senatorial choice, there would be an
overwhelming majority against Burns.
He would not be in It. Just simply
wind up this interview by stating that
I am for Grant first, last and all the
time."
HOCHHEIMER MAY NOT
HAVE A WALKOVER
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 3.— The touts who are fig
uring on the Republican nomination of
A. Hochhelmer in the Eighth Senatorial
District tb fill the vacancy caused y the
death of John Boggs are also casting
about to find a weak Democrat to '".n
against Hochheimer. The word is out to
night that the Democrats in the Legisla
ture have got a line on the Burns pro
gramme and win endeavor to secure the
nomination of ex-Senator Seawell of Men
docino as Hochheimer's opponent. The
touts are calculating that the clean Re
publicans of the district will not take
sufficient interest m the special election to
put forward an able and untrammeled
man, and therefore with the assistance
of a Democratic weakling they hope, to se
cure the election of. Hochheimer. who is
known here to be one of Che Burns touts.
If the Republicans of the district expect to
elect a successor to John Boggs they
must meet in convention and pledge the
nominee for Senator to vote against D.
M. Burns for United States Senator.
To Regulate Osteopathy*
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 3.— Senator Morehouse is a
great believer in the practice of osteo
pathy. He thinks that it is a great medi
cal discovery and has introduced a bill in
the Senate which gives to asteopathy
legal recognition.
The Senator's bill was presented to-day
providing for the appointment by the
Governor of a board of osteopathic ex
aminers of three members. The commis
sioners will have power to examine appli
cants for certificates which will permit
them to practice as osteopathists and can
deny applicants when they fail to pass
the required examination. No person can
practice osteopathy In the State unless he
has a certificate.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. An
druggist* refund the money if It falls to cur*.
ZSc. The genuine baa U B. Q. on each tabltu
JOB CHASERS ARE
NOW MADE HAPPY
The Duckworth Scheme Being Worked in
the Assembly,
Patronage Freely Distributed and Then Provided
for by Resolutions Which Settle All the
Accounts of the Members.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 3.— The Duckworth job,
on a scale somewhat modified from the
original, is just now being cleverly
worked in the Assembly under cover
of the well-shammed confusion into
which attache matters have apparently
been thrown. Since the session there
have been attaches employed and kept
at work, and employes hired who have
not worked at all, upon no more au
thorization than the pull and confidence
of the appointing member that when
the reckoning day should come he
could easily get at the public sack.
Since the first day of the session it
has been the fixed intention to either
kill or so amend the Belshaw law
that its remains could not be identified,
and this has been done, but in the face
of public opinion the instigators of the
scheme did not dare provide for as
many new positions as their political
debts required. When the new bill was
drafted and its profits divided up there
was still a goodly balance left to be
liquidated. Just now the domestic
legislation of the Assembly is making
for this liquidation.
In anticipation of the wrecking of
the Belshaw law members on the floor
have from the first jump been putting
committee clerks at work, authorizing
porters to sweep up and pages to sit in
front of the press desks. These ap
pointments have in some cases been
made with utterly no authorization and
the appointing members have simply
banked on the .-.Tease in their pro rata
of patronage under the new bill and
their ability to get at the crib, to make
their appointments good.
Ex-Speaker Wright has played the
role of good fellow to the queen's taste,
but as it transpires, he has pursued his
usual course and done so at some one
else's expense.
Did a job hungry legislator want a
semblance of authorization for his ap
pointment he spoke to Wright and it was
granted with that characteristic wave
of the hand, and the fortunate recipient
of the Wright brick made his appoint
ment forthwith only to find when the
division came that it was charged to
his account instead of the over-gener
ous Speaker's.
The division came at Monday's cau
cus when the unsuspicious majority
marched smiling into the caucus room
with the happy notion that when they
came out again it would be with $6 and
$8 of additional patronge in their up
per vest pockets and their self-made
appointments ratified.
But Johnson, Valentine and the
wrong Mr. Wright had got at it first
and their peculations from the patron
age bowl reduced that anticipated pro
rata to such an extent that most of the
ordinary members could not afford the
poor luxury of a $4 committee clerk?"
Then came the roar. Chairmen of
committees threatened that they
would bring about a congestion of bills
by refusing to call committee meet
ings until they were provided with
clerks. They kicked because they
would be compelled to pay their self
made appointees out of their own pock
ets, and to get even threatened every
sort of political retaliation.
Matters got serious for the push and
yesterday as a result the roar hushed.
Instead a bunch of resolutions was sent
up to the Clerk's desk and when they
were read the reason for the sudden
quietude transpired. Every one was to
be paid, whether he had worked or not.
There were resolutions to pay prema
ture pages and others to pay clerks.
There was one by Knights of Sacra
mento which was the first uncovered
attempt to exceed the provisions of
the Cutter law by appointing by resolu
tion. To-day there was another bunch
of pay day resolutions and the down
cast countenances of the gang that was
thrown out brightened like a May sky.
It became evident that there had been
an agreement. And now all those who
so nearly lost their time and money
are willing to take another chance and
some of them are getting it.
The Cutter bill is already being
evaded.
By simple resolution yesterday an
electrician was hired and to-day three
more appointments were made in the
same way. There are clerks working
at the desk who were not appointed
by resolution or anything else and who
will be paid at the end of the session
by still another resolution. Despite the
few limitations of Cutter's bill the doors
are open to as many employes as the
member with sufficient voting influence
EXPLODED !
The practice of selling Clot-iing at double its' cost at the factory neve*
was recognized by our store 1 and now that we have taken up and are
selling one of the largest up-town stocks.at just half its marked price on the
goods and odd suits at less, the public is beginning to learn a fe^. things about
the purchase- of something to wear and how and where to supply it at the
wv? prlce \t Ask for Printed lists, ask for prices. Call and see the goods.
Why not if you can save a week's wages on a single suit? ' '■ v *'*
800 DOLLARS
800 DOLLARS
800 DOLLARS
This is a modest sum to sell to-day, but along with our big sales of gro-
ceries, crockery, .' hardware, house furnishings and all other goods, we will '»
be satisfied, as only here and there a patron of the store knows what we are
doing in Clothing and it costs too much to advertise. v j3'"' " *<. '• ■ "
THROWN OUT TO-DAY. h : £l||||ij|i^!:
Men's gray undershirts, summer or winter... P^^Wl U |fj5 a 43 '^^fti
Men's dress shirts,' colored front, fine g00d 5.. 25a > W^Shß B VT m S uB KU ' "^Mml ' '
Boys' knee pants for everyday wear 10c I P l£3 H B fey
Barbers', coats, "a great overstock.' 50c to 75c .■'.^v£r> "I •■■ ™ IB ; Bfl v^M^
Boys' hats, too fine for the demand .........50c ipt fWk rf> ■■ £F\ Bsref 'gf% pa| W m ■
Men's huts, your choice of hundreds ....50c \+ /^^^ H ST OS LJP g"
Little boys'casslmer suits; mostly dark......U 00. ".;;> ■ -" " V *• '.
Little boys' white laundered b10u5e5........... 50c OK OT Monl/^f Cf ' 'CD
lien's casslmer suits at cut rates »3 50 to $10 -4O" J> i ITlarKCl. Oltj Otl^i*
may care to appoint. So long as h«
can club or trade enough votes into
line to pass his ultimate resolution to
pay he may make appointments.
As the matter stands the man out of
a job can put in his time in no better
way than to voluntarily go to work
with a broom or a pen and take a
chance at winning out an eventual
resolution.
LEGAL INTEREST TO
BE SIX PER CENT
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 3.— Senator Braunhart's
bill fixing the legal rate of interest in.
California at 5 per cent was ordered
printed and passed to third reading. But
before this action was taken by the Sen
ate the committee amendment fixing the
legral rate at 6 per cent was adopted. The
bill as it finally passed read as follows:
Unless there is an express contract in
writing fixing a different rate, interest
is payable on all moneys at the rate of
6 per cent per annum, after they becoma
due on any instrument of writing, except
a Judgment, and on moneys lent or due
on any settlement of accounts from the
day on which the balance is ascertained
and on moneys received for the use of
another and detained from him. In the
computation of interest for a period less
than a year, three hundred and sixty days
are deemed to constitute a year.
Parties may agree in writing for the
payment of any rate of interest not ex
ceeding 2 per cent per month, and it shall
be allowed according to the terms of the
agreement until the entry of judgment,
but such interest can be compounded in
any manner or form.
Interest is payable on judgments recov
ered in the courts of this State at the rate
of 6 per cent per annum, and no greater
rate, but eUch interest can be compound
ed in any manner or form.
Senator Braunhart, the author of the
bill, objected seriously to any increase .in
the rate originally provided for in his
bill.
Senator Dickinson took the position
that the present rate of interest was 7
per cent and a reduction of 1 per cent on
judgments was sufficient. He was in fa
vor of the committee amendment making
the legal rate 6 per cent. Senator Davis
of Amador also favored tne committee
amendment. It was finally adopted.
The provision in the bill against com
pounding interest met with considerable
objection. Senator Smith moved to strike
out the objectionable clause. Rollcall
showed that the amendment was defeat
ed by a vote of 15 ayes to 17 noes.
Senator Dickinson chang-ed his vote
from aye to no, which made a. tie vote on
the amendment.
At this juncture Senator Curtin came in
and voted aye, which made the vote 17 to
16, and carried the amendment. Com
pound interest will in the future be al
lowed on judgments if the bill passps.
As amended the bill was ordered to
third reading.
Against Employment Agencies.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 3.— Senator Ashe is going
to stand in with the waiters, from this
time on. At thefr request he to-day in
troduced a bill which will, if passed, have
the effect of sending the employment
agencies to their rear. In fact it most
effectually knocks them out. His bill la
as follows:
"Any employment agent or other per
son who shall receive, collect or demand
from, or charge any laborer, employe or
other person any fee, commission, reward
or compensation for obtaining employ
ment for such laborer, employe or other
person, and any employer who shall re
ceive, collect or demand from, or charge,
or deduct from the wages of any laborer,
employe or other person, any money or
thing to reimburse said employer for any
payment made or to be made any em.
ployment agent or other person for hav
ing obtained the services of or employ
ment for such laborer, employe or other
person, shall be guilty of a misde
meanor."
A Big Slice of Land Wanted.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA-
MENTO, Feb. 3.— Senator Cutter has in
troduced a bill in the Senate asking a
strip of land two and one-fifth miles wide,
covering 35,000 acres tand having an
assessed valuation of $1,200,000. He de
signs by his bill to take this land from
Solano County, which extends to what is
known as Putah Creek, and add it to
Yolo County. The Senator asserts that
the people living on this 35,000 acres want
the transfer made, as they are now doing
all their trading in Tolo County and are
connected and interested in that county
far more than they are in Solano.
An Extraordinary Measure.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 3.— Senator Langford has
introduced In the Senate an extraordinary
measure. Its main clause is as follows:
"To actions brought to recover money
or other property deposited with any
bank or to recover any amount due to
the State or any city or county for taxes
there fs no limitation."SEAWALL BILL GETS
A BIG MAJORITY
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, Feb. 3.—Senatorßraun
hart's bill to provide for the issuance and sale of State bonds to
create a fund to extend the seawall of San Francisco harbor was
finally disposed of in the Senate this afternoon. It was passed on
third reading and there were but four dissenting votes.
l..ere vas considerable discussion over the matter, but the sensible
members were sufficient in numbers to make up a majority most over
whelming. . '
Senator Shortridge placed himself In the peculiar attitude of an
tagonizing the bill, although he qualified his opposition by stating that
he was inclined to favor it. The orator from the heart of the prune dis
trict said that he had been informed that the harbor dues were suf
ficient in amount to raise a revenue to extend tr seawall.
Senator Dickinson made a strong argument in favor of the passage
of Senator iraunhart's bill. He said that not since 1892 had anything
been done in the direction of extending the seawall. He said that
5350,000 intended to be used to extend the seawall had been diverted and
used to construct a foundation for the depot. General Dick
inson insisted that the bonds would insure the construction of the sea
wall, would not cost the taxpayers of the interior a dollar and he
hoped that the bill would pass.
Senator St atton insisted that the diversion of harbor funds to the
depot construction fund was perfectly regular and had been approved by
the Attorney General. He insisted that there was no doubt about the
harbor being taken care of from fees collected, but it could never get
enough ahead to become a free port, which was the end aimed to reach.
Senator Braunhart explained that the southern end of the wall was
*P -constructed of wood and here it was necessary to make a great portion
q of the repairs. The design was to replace the wooden work with a wall
4- and thereby avoid the numerous expenditures made for repairs.
O Senator Dwyer and Senator Bellman both spoke in favor of the bond
■♦■ Issue.
© Senator Dickinson explained that if the bonds were issued it would
? merely be anticipating the income of the harbor so that necessary im
+. provements could be made. He insisted that the diversion of $350,000 to
© the depot fund never was right. He said that the bonds would never be
+ a burden on the people of the State as ample provision for their repay
® ment woul be made by the undoubted creation of a sinking fund.
q Senator Stratton again explained that the interest and sinking fund
.+■ for the harbor bonds would be taken out of the harbor income.
© The -bill of Braunhart was finally passed by a vote of 27 to 4. The
X four opposing votes were: Senators Maggard, Cutter, Trout and Laird.
HERRIN WILL STAND
BY THE MEXICAN
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 3.— Mr. Herrln of the South
ern Pacific is in this Senatorial fight to
stay. For better or for worse he is wed
ded, or betrothed, at least, to Dan Burns
and his well backed aspirations. Of this
lie assured Dan Burns to-night by a per
sonal and private message.
The railroad magnates are just now
holding one of their periodical powwows
In New York City. Politics is not the
least of their discussion nor is California's
Benatorship the least of their politics.
Plainly, whether or not the Southern
Pacific is to continue in its active and
open espousal of Burns' losing tight is to
be decided. But no matter what the de
cision of his chief and his associates are
Herrln will not permit his loyalty to the
aiexhan standard to flag.
To-nierht the glad tidings were received
at Burns' headquarters that If Uncle Col
Us shall throw up the sponge Herrin will
still be true; his personal influence and
•sympathy will remain with him for so
long as he shall be a candidate, and Her
rin personally will do his utmost to fur
ther his friend's interests. His sympathy
Is to be of no passive quality. Of this Mr.
Herrin assured Mr. Burns by special mes
senger, who arrived at this city this even-
Ing.
RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT
FOR THE LATE JOHN BOGGS
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 3.— The Assembly this
morning passed the following resolutions
In memory of Senator John Boggs, which
were introduced by Assemblyman Glenn:
Whereas, By . the death of Hon. John
Boggs the State has lost one of its earliest and
st citizens, whose integrity, man
) . and many sterling public virtues and pri
vate graces and Qualities brought reputation to
himself and honor to the State; therefore, be it
Kesolved, By the Assembly of the State of
rnia, that the announcement of the death
of the Hon. John Hogg*, late State Senator of
California, has been received by this body with
'"profound sorrow and regret.
1 That by his death the State of California has
lost a distinguished Senator, a diligent, faith
'.'ful citizen and public servant, whose unstained
Integrity, exalted intelligence, steadfast devo
tion and unswerving loyalty to her interests
: have made his name a household word and
have earned for him a warm place In the
hearts of all true < •alifornlans.
That the Assembly deeply sympathizes with
the bereaved family in th» loss of a true and
afff-tionate husband and a kind and indulgent
That the Speaker of the House be and he is
dijT, ted to transmit to the family of the de
rea.---'l a copy of the*e resolutions duly at
• ■
GREEN WILL BE LET
OFF BY THE COMMITTEE
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 3.— Milton J. Green will not
be compelled to give further testimony
In the Senatorial scandal, and will not
be brought before the bar of the Assem
bly t<> account for his refusal to answer
certain Questions wh>h the committee of
tJgafJop propounded to him. It is
nil established fact that iur. Green is a
firk and suffering man. His mental dis
tress is deepened by the knowledge that
he outfit in be at his wife's bedside at
this time but i. c not able to leave this
city. There is no active disposition to
press the inquiry further, and it may be
Bet down as a settled < (inclusion that the
commit i<-<- will be dissolved and the As
sembly will not exercis* its power to pun
ish Mr. Grf-f-n fur contempt
To Protect "Gas Consumers.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 3.— Apst-mblyman Jllson to
day Introduced in the Assembly two bills
that strike at two of the special privileges
•which gas companies have arrogated to
themselves.
Bill 631 seeks to put a stop to the prac
tice pursued by the San Francisco Gas
* Company of charging a so-called deposit
on meters. By making this arbitrary
charge the company has been for years
robbing the people of interest on hun
dreds of thousands of dollars, to which
the company has no right whatever.
The bill provides that it shall be unlaw- i
ful for any corporation or company fur
nlshiriK gaa to consumers to require as a
condition I mmencing to supply
euch pris or the placing of meters that the
consumers should make a deposit or pay- I
rnent of any kinO whatever.
Bill 6^2 provides that upon application
in writing of the owner or occupant of I
any building or premises distant not more
than 100 feet from any main and payment
by the applicant of all money due" from
him, the company must supply gas to him
and cannot r< Fuse on the ground of any j
Indebtedness of any former owner or oc
cupant. If for the Bpace of ten days the
company refuses to supply the gas re
quired, it must pay to the applicant the
Bum of $50 as liquidated damages and $5
a day as liquidated damages for every
day such refusal continues thereafter.
Both nills were referred to the Com
mittee on Corporations. .
Work oi the Committees.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 3.— The Finance Commitu •»
of the Senate met to-night and considered
Senator JLa Rue's bill appropriating $75,
--000 to be expended in building a dam and
providing a water supply for the insane
asylum at Napa. The bill will be report
ed favorably to the Senate.
Laird's coyote scalp bill has been with
drawn and a substitute offered prescrib
ing a course of procedure for the bring
ing of suit for claims now held against
the State. The substitute was recom
% mended to pass.
Th<- Wuyp and Means Committee of the
' . Assembly played havoc to-night with a
half dozen appropriations of more or less
dubious intent. Assembly bill 39, appro
priating $2136 to pay the directors of the
Institute for the deaf and dumb and
blind for concrete work done at the asy
lum was recommended not to pass, as was
bill 128. Bill 371, which appropriates $125,
--000 for the maintenance of the Preston
School, was withdrawn, as the school's
needs are provided for in the general ap
propriation.
Bill 411. which nppropriataes $7500 for
metallic files and desks for the Secretary
of State also got its quietus.
Bill 491. one of Johnson's appropriations,
was designed to pay to Rodgers & Cun
ningham JS7O as overtime for services
performed in running the Capitol elevator.
It was reported to not pass.
Pharmacy Bill Knocked Out.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 3.— Grove L. Johnson's bill,
which allows the public to be placed at
the mercy of ignorant porters and bottle
washers \vho by virtue of having been
employed by druggists for the period of
ten years are thereby qualified to admin
ister to the wants of the suffering public
and who by the slightest piece of igno
rance might cause the death of those for
whom the prescriptions were to be filled,
was knocked out by the Committee on
Public Health and Quarantine last even
ing and was reported unfavorably to the
Assembly this morning.
A number of Sacramento pharmacists
appeared before the committee and spoke
in favor of the bill, claiming that they
were perfectly qualified to practice phar
macy; but they incidently did not refer to
hundreds of Chinese and other porters
who have swept out drugstores for the
time stipulated in the bill, and were then
of necessity on a par with graduated
pharmacists. The bill would also entitle
any person, who might Just before the
passage of the bill purchase a drugstore,
to become a regular practicing pharmacist,
as the bill reads: "Practicing pharmacists
are persons who, at the passage, are con
ducting, either as owners or employes,
pharmacies in this State for compounding
and dispensing of prescriptions of medical
practitioners and for the sale of medicines
and poisons."
To Establish a Reformatory.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 3.— Assemblyman Melick
of Orange this morning introduced in the
Assembly a bill which calls upon the
Governor to appoint a commission which
shall act without compensation to look
into the advisability of establishing a
State Reformatory at some point fn the
southern part of the State. The desire
is to establish in this State a prison on
the lines of the reformatory now existent
in the State of New York. It is to be
not so much a place of punishment as a
place of reform, in cases where reform
is possible. The prisoners are to be
classified from the incorrigible class up
the scale to the novice, who is serving his
first time, and in whom there is good
prospect of effecting a reform. The dif
ferent classes are to be kept separated
and provided with pursuits suited to their
capacity and condition.
The bill appropriates $5000 to be expend
ed In the traveling expenses of the Com
missioners and in preparing plans and
gathering information.
A Blow at Corner Groceries.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 3.— Some one or other has
j started Assemblyman Jilson of Siskiyou
I and Del Xorte out on a crusade against
"the corner grocery." It is his desire to
cut off the profit paying end of the busi
i. ness by legislating against the sale of
whisky in any place where provisions
are sold. Mr. Jllson's bill sounds like a
josh, but it has all the earmarks of a
cinch. Its principal provision is as fol
lows:
"It shall be unlawful to sell any intoxi
cating liquors in a grocery store or place
of business where articles of food are
sold or kept for sale, or in a back room
opening into such grocery store."
. Any person who shall violate the provi
sions of the bill shall be guilty of a mis
demeanor, punishable by a tine of not
less than $50 nor more than $500, or by im
prisonment in the County Jail for not, less
than thirty days nor more than six
months, and by both such fine and im
prisonment.
Wagon Road to the Yosemite.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 3.— Assemblyman Stewart
to-day introduced in the Assembly a bill
which makes an appropriation of $30,000
for the construction of a free wagon road
from Mount Hamilton, in Santa Clara
County, to the San Joaquin River, there
to connect with the best road into the Yo
semiti Valley. The chairmen of the
Board* of Supervisors of Santa Clara and
< Stanislaus counties and one competent
i surveyor shall be appointed by the Gov
ernor as commissioners.
Johnson of Sacramento offered a bill
which provides that every hotel and lodg
-1 ing house keeper shall have in each room
of his house as a fire escape a rope long
enough to reach the ground, with a hook
at one end, which may be fastened to the
j structure or some object within the room.
After Insurance Companies.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 3.— Senator Hall is in the
business of introducing laws affecting fire
insurance companies. To-day he intro
duced two bills having a bearing on in
surance. One provides that if a company
attempts to interfere with the adjustment
of any insurance loss, either life or fire,
fraudulently it shall be subject to a fine
of $10 000.
The other bill that Senator Hall has in
troduced provides that it shall be unlaw
ful for any insurance company to select
as one of "its appraiseis to appraise any
damage or loss by fire any person who
had been employed to act in any similar
j capacity within four months previous to
such loss. In case such a person is se
lected the award of the appraisers is void
if the insured so desires.
Braunhardt Won't Stand Delay.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 3.— The Senate to-day final
ly passed Senator Braunharfs bill re
quiring street cars and dummies to be
equipped with fenders.
Senator Braunhart also gave notice that
he did not propose to have his bill mak
ing pool selling Illegal at racetracks for
T±iJs SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1899.
any period over thirty days hung up in
the Committee on Public Morals. With
in five days, he stated, he would expect
a report, and if one was not forthcoming
he would want to know the reason for
the delay.
Resolutions of respect in memory of the
lato Senator John Boggs were adopted.
U . S. S. JUSTIN
ARRIVES AHEAD
OF THE IOWA
The United States collier Justin arrived
from New York yesterday. She sailed in
company with the battle-ships Oregon
and lowa and the refrigerating steamer
Celtic. The latter supplied the warships
with fresh meat and ice during the pas
sage around the Horn and the Justin kept
their bunkers filled. At Callao the Oregon
bade farewell to her consort and steamed
away for Honolulu. In Magdalena Bay
the Justin and Celtic put their last lot
to San Francisco. The Celtic arrived last
Thursday afternoon and went direct to
Mare Island and the Justin will follow
her to-morrow. The lowa may be ex
pected Sunday night or Monday morning.
The officers of the Justin are: Com
mander, Wells S. Field; lieutenant, Mar
bury Johnston; passed assistant engineer,
M. S. Usina; ensigns— M. T. Coleman, B.
P. Jessot, F. E. Ridgely; assistant pay
master, J. R. Stanford; and assistant
surgeon, J. Stepp.
The Mail Company's freight steamer
Aztec arrived from the Orient yesterday
with 32Q8 tons of merchandise, principally
rice, tea, silk and matting. She was
thirty-seven days from Hongkong, twen
ty-three days from Yokohama and nine
days four hours from Honolulu. She left
long before the O. and O. Company's
Coptic, and arrived In port one day after
her. The Aztec is a great carrier, how
ever, and the Mail Company does not ex
pect speed from her.
The Honolulu courts are busy consid
ering the demands of the owners of live
vessels for Hawaiian registry. The San
Francisco owned ships Star of Russia,
Star of France, Euterpe, Willscott and
Falls of Clyde all want to fly the Ha
waiian flag and are determined to secure
the privilege. Although it is a flag with
out a country and there is not a spot of
land on the earth's surface over which it
can float as anything but a memory or a
pretty piece of bunting, yet property to
the value of hundreds of thousands of
dollars is fighting to get under its shel
tering aegis. Without a country on the
sea it still retains all the attributes of
sovereignty, and ships entitled to fly it
Will in due time come under the stars and
stripes.
The Star of France, Star of Russia and
Euterpe were formerly British vessels,
but were purchased by J. J. Moore of San
Francisco and others. The two Stars
went from here and the Euterpe from
Australia to Honolulu. The Willscott
was also a British vessel. While on her
way from Japan to Oregon she was
caught in a typhoon and dismasted. She
was brought in here under jury rig and
was later sold to Rosenfeld's Sons and
others. The Falls of Clyde came here
from London and Was sold to Captain
Matson and others.
FEAST OF ST. BLAISE
CELEBRATED YESTERDAY
SOLEMN SERVICES AT THE
CATHOLIC CHURCHES.
Many Hundreds Attend High Mass
and Axe Slessed at the Altar
Bail.
The feast of St. Blaise, the patron saint
of the throat, was solemnly commemor-
ated yesterday In many of the Catholic
churches of the city. Hundreds of women
with babes in their arms, children and
men knelt to invoke the blessing of the
saint.
The principal ceremony In honor of the
event was solemnized at St. Ignatius
Church, where at least fifteen hundred
people knelt to receive the sacred bless
ing in the name of St. Blaise.
In Catholic countries it has ever been
the custom on the feast of St. Blaise for
the faithful, together with their children,
to present themselves at the altar rail
in order to have the throat blessed. The
candles which are used on the occasion
are blessed on the feast of the saint.
During the ceremony the priest says the
following words: "Through the Interces
sion of St. Blaise may the Lord deliver
thee from every ailment of the throat.
Amen."
The observance of this day and the in
vocation of the blessing attached to the
solemn ceremony originated in a story of
a widow's son, who was miraculously
cured by St. Blaise. The boy was slowly
dying of strangulation caused by a bone,
which was lodged in his throat, when the
mother implored the saint to save his
life. Placing his hands upon the lad \.<\
pronounced words of blessing and thus
effected an Instant cure.
COSTLY VIOLINS.
James C. Freeman Will Open a Bare
Exhibit of Instruments To-Day.
James C. Freeman of the Lord &
Thomas Agency of Chicago, who has
charge of the Lyon & Healy collection of
rare and costly Italian violins, which are
to be placed on exhibition in this city,
arrived, at the Palace last night on the
Overland. He brings with him $50,000
worth of rare instruments. These violins
include. Stradivarius, Amatl, Guarnerius, 1
Guadaginni and Cremona makes. Mr.
Freeman has been connected with the
Lord & Thomas Agency for fifteen years,
and created the violin department of that
firm. 'When seen last night and asked for
the reason of his visit, he said:
"As you doubtless know, Lord &
Thomas are the largest music dealers in
the world. About fifteen years ago, at my
suggestion, they created the violin de
partment, with the purpose of raising the
sale of the instrument. In this city they
have succeeded, for they have never
spared money or time to "collect genuine
violins. The Immense financial strength
of the firm has enabled them to do this,
which is not the case with smaller deal
ers, and such a reputation have they es
tablished for themselves that any intsru
ment purchased from them can be relied
on to be what it is represented. They
have taken up the sale of the violin as
other firms have that of costly paintings.
Our instruments cannot be handled by
the retail dealer, because of their great
cost. Every summer I have been to Eu
rope for the firm, searching for these vio
lins. We have taken up the study of the
violin from the point of high art, and it
is from this standard that our business is
conducted. Every violin that I have with
me is genuine. Its tone and history
speak for it. We have spent fortunes
searching for the history of the violin; in
fact, we have dealt with the instrument
with something else in view besides the
profit that was to be made out of them.
The violins that bring with me range in
age from 75 to 450 years. I have no in
strument that has been made since 1825.
These violins will be on exhibition at the
Palace. My coming to San Francisco is
a venture on the part of Lord & Thomas,
but we have sold so many violins in the
West that they deemed the field ready
for them to begin an annual exhibition
here, Just as they make in New York."
NOTED FOR HER CHARITY.
The death of Mrs. M. B. Moraghan,
widow of the pioneer oyster man, Is a
sad blow to her children and the hun
dreds of friends who knew her. Her
busy life ended on Thursday afternoon
after an illness of two weeks. Death was
caused by typhoid pneumonia. The lady
was known for her charitable deeds and
in her death the poor lose a benefactor.
Since her husband's demise she has,
with the aid of her son Charles, carried
on his immense business,. and it is thought
that the responsibilities attendant on it
hastened her death. Six sons and two
daughters survive her.
The funeral will be held on Sunday at
10:15 a. m. from her late residence, 431
Thirteenth street, and the interment will
be In Laurel Hill Cemetery.
THE CARNOT
MEDAL STAYS
AT BERKELEY
ST^ISTFCXRID'S ZDEIB^TIISra- TEAM.
PALO ALTO, Feb. 3.— The Carnot de- |
bate to-night proved a repetition of
those of the last three years, and the
medal will remain, for another year at
least, with the supporters of the Blue
and Gold. The fortunate contestant is
Carl M. Warner of the University of
California. He was the closing speak
er on the negative, and it was his task
to disprove that a close alliance with
Italy would be to the interest of
France. His characteristics in debate
were self-possession, directness and
power to analyze the subject and logi
cally present arguments. The judges,
Rev. J. K. McLean of Oakland and Mr.
E. J. McCutchen and Mr. Vanderlynn
Stow of San Francisco were unanimous
in declaring 'Warner the best debater
of the six competitors.
An hour before the debate began stu
dents wearing colors either of blue and
gold or Stanford cardinal were in pos
session of all the seats in the chapel.
Some of those who came later were for
tunate enough to obtain standing room
and others had to content themselves
with places in the crowd that overflow
ed onto the pavement and the quad
rangle space beyond it. Fully 800 were
contained in the chapel. Of these 175
were from Berkeley. They came with
their newest yells and started them lus
tily to show their spirit and likewise
encourage their three speakers. The
Stanford collegians were not willing to
be outjfelled on their ojwn grounds and
returned as good as was sent.
At 8 o'clock Dr. J. C. Branner of
Stanford, chairman of debate, an
nounced John E. Springer of Stanford
the first speaker on the affirmative. The
speaker contended that, as France
needed an ally, Italy w v as the proper
power with which to form a close alli
ance. By detaching Italy from the
triple an attaching her to the dual
alliance she would greatly strengthen
her position among the European
powers. By such a connection France,
he argued, could put 4,000,000 more sol
diers into the field than any other com
bination possible in Europe. Springer's
speech was lucid and forcible.
He was followed by Archibald J.
Cloud, a representative of Berkeley.
Cloud, as the first speaker on the nega
tive, had to argue against alliance.
He chose to regard it possible to bring
about the same results by treaty as by
COL. W. C. SMITH PROMOTED.
Receives an Independent Command
and Is Transferred to Cavite.
Colonel William C\ Smith of the Ten
nessee Regiment, who departed for Ma
nila a few months ago, has been given
an independent command and has been
transferred to Cavite. Under him Is a
battalion of his own regiment, a battalion
from the Idaho Regiment, First Califor
nia Heavy Artillery, Wyoming Battery,
Nevada Cavalry and Utah Battery. He
has written a very Interesting letter to
friends in this city concerning the con
ditions In the Philippines, a portion of
which is quoted. On the subject of self
government he says:
. "Spanish officers say the Filipinos are
incapable of self-government. We find
that the varied interests of the many
tribes that inhabit the island are inim
ical. We find that they are inimical to
the white race generally; that they want
their own government under their own
administration, and not under that of
either Spain or America. The insurgents
are very friendly, and our men visit and
enter their outposts with perfect free
dom and impunity, only to discover that
they are numerically strong, well armed
and drilling every day. Preparations are
going on as if they were getting ready to
verify the many reports that come to us
of their determination to drive Ameri
cans off the island, just as they did with
the Spaniards, and that at a certain time
they would strike a decisive blow with
overwhelming numbers.
"I am glad to get reports of this, be
cause it keeps our men always on the
alert, but when the time comes for the
contemplated 'decisive blow' I doubt if
they will find the American troops so
easy to be overcome. Yet lam pro
foundly impressed with the fact that if
the United States is to hold the Philip
pines as a permanent possession it will
require many years of labor, many thou
sands of troops and a judicious and skill
ful administration of affairs to accom
plish good results. The experience of the
United States with the American Indians
and the time required to push a white
civilization to points and sections west
of the Rocky Mountains is familiar to
us all. So it may be In establishing per
manently among the eight millions of
people of the Philippine Islands—semi
barbaric, as the great majority of them
are— United States methods and repub
lican institutions."
KENNEDY MURDER CASE.
Andrew McDevitt, a Witness for the
Defense, Proves v Sound Sleeper.
The preliminary examination of Mrs.
Elizabeth Regan, charged with the mur
der of Policeman Kennedy, drags its
weary length before Judge Graham.
Yesterday almost the whole day was
taken up in examining Andrew McDevitt,
a witness for the defense. McDevitt
boarded at 232 Chenery street, and on the
afternoon of the shooting he went to bed
in Mrs. Regan's room, as she told him
his own bed was not made up. It was
about 2 o'clock. He did not hear any
scuffle, shot or noise. Mrs. 'Johnston
shook him and wakened him.
In cross-examination he said that Ken
nedy was shot after he went to bed, but
when pressed as to why he knew that he
replied that he did not know. He did not
ask anybody after he got up what had
happened or how it happened, although
he saw Kennedy's body on the dining
room floor. He did not know why he said
a close alliance, and based his argu
ment on this premise.
Next came Wilsee M. Martin, who
proved himself a pleasing talker and a
logical and forceful debater. He en
deavored to show that Italy alone was
the natural European ally of France.
He contended that the Franco-Russian
alliance was unstable by reason of
racial differences and the distance and
barriers between the two countries.
Carl Hayden of Stanford, the second
affirmative speaker, was possessed of
the faculty of marshaling his argu
ments and presenting them with great
earnestness and energy. Disturbance
of the balance of power by detaching
Italy from the triple alliance, he con
tended, would cause England to inter
fere and involve France in a disastrous
war. By taking France's naval strength
to defend her coasts Italy alone would
gain by the alliance.
Anthony H. Suzzallo was the speaker
in whom the majority of the Stanford
supporters put their faith. His speech
was not disappointing and when he fin
ished his fellow-students thought their
chances of the best. They did not
reckon on the abilities of the last
speaker on the negative.
Carl M. Warner, the prize winner,
closed the debate. He discussed the
question with an eye to the political,
commercial and colonial effects of an
alliance. By cleverly refuting the pre
vious speakers' arguments and showing
how little France could expect to gain
commercially, colonially or politically
by allying herself with a nation in the
deplorable condition ol Italy he built a
structure tjiat was almost impregnable.
Rebuttal speeches followed. None of
the speakers had used up the fifteen
minutes allowed and the remaining
time was used to clinch former argu
ments and break the threads of the
webs their opponents had woven.
After coming together the judges did
not leave the audience long in sus
pense. Their decision was rendered by
Rev. J. K. McLean less than five min
utes after they had repaired to the
anteroom.
The winner of the sixth Carnot de
bate is a senior at the University of
California and is taking work which
will fit him for the ministry. His home
is at Covina, Los Angeles County.
The debate to-night was the fourth
consecutive Carnot contest that Stan
ford has lost. Since the medal was pre
sented by Baron de Coubertln it has
been at Stanford but one year, having
been won in 1895 by Sandwick, '96.
I through Johnston's telephone that Ken
i nedy was shot. He did not know that
Mrs. Regan had said to Officer Fitzgerald
after he had given his testimony at the
inquest that his whole story was false
and she wished he had told the truth.
In fact, his memory was his only fault.
Miss Olive McLaughlln, a sister of Mrs.
Regan, testified that she saw Kennedy
that morning in bed when she got up
about 7 o'clock. About two months ago
Mrs. Regan told her she was engaged to
be married to Kennedy. She saw Ken
nedy there often. She took the clothes
off the bed on which Kennedy had slept
and sent them to her sister, Mrs. Dean,
and there was no blood on tlfem.
The case will be continued Monday
afternoon.
IN A SERIOUS CONDITION.
! William Wehner Confined to His Bed
the Resiut of a Fall.
William' Wehner, who is interested in
the panorama of the "Battle of Manila,"
now being built at Central Park, is at
present confined to his ranch in Napa
County, where he lies ajard in a serious
condition. Some days a^o Mr. Wehner
: was at Central Park watching the work
of the artists, who were painting the
panorama. The scaffold on which he was
standing at the time suddenly broke, pre
cipitating him to the ground. A serious
rupture was the result of his accident. He
was taken to his apartments at the Cali
fornia Hotel, where he was confined to
his bed Tor some time. A few days ago
he attempted the trip to his ranch, but
the jolting of the conveyance which met
him at the depot reopened his wound and
for a time he was in danger of bleeding
to death. When he finally reached his
I home Mr. Wehner was in a serious condi
tion. He is somewhat improved at pres
ent, but his friends are much alarmed
I about him.
BACON PLACE CASES.
All Those on Judge Conlan's Calen-
dar Are Dismissed.
The cases against a host of women ar
rested in Bacon place, on the calendar of
Judge Conlan's court, were dismissed
yesterday on motion of Attorney Ach.
Judge Conlan, In dismissing the cases,
said he recogniied the futility of attempt
ing to get a conviction after the verdict
of the jury in the case of Marcelle De
lorde. who was acquitted in Judge Gra
ham's court a few days ago.
"The verdict of the Jury," continued the
Judge, "is evidence of the fact that the
social evil is necessary in this city, and
should be allowed to exist in the neigh
borhood where it has existed' for the past
thirty years, instead of being scattered
broadcast over the city."
There are several cases in Judge Gra
nam's court yet to be tried, and it re
mains to be seen what action he will
take.
Instructed and Arraigned.
Joseph Grace and Willie Pyne, the two
boys who destroyed the stock in M.
Marsh & Co.'s hat and cap factory, 411
Market street, were instructed and ar
raigned in Judge Mogan's court yester
day. Attorney Matthews appeared for
the boys, and at his request a continu
ance was granted till February 7. It Is
said the charge against the boys will be
reduced to malicious mischief and that
their parents will make good the loss.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bush and Larkln sts. Swimming, Russian, hot
and cold tUD Dathi. Saltwater direct from ocean.
LOST ALL
SENSE OF
FEELING
The Wounds Healed at
Once— Blood Would
Not Flow/.
CHICAGO, Feb. 3.— S. C. Pierce of Sheboygan, Wis., came to Chi
cago to-day for treatment for a peculiar malady which for a num
ber of years has puzzled the leading physicians and physiologists in
his State.
"Nearly three years ago," he says, "I ran a nail into my hand
while working. To my surprise I felt no pain from it. No blood
came from the wound, which closed up at once. I was much alarmed
and afraid I might be poisoned, so I went to a doctor. I could not
explain it, but the wound got well right away.
"About the same time I struck my hand while chiseling a stone
and injured it badly. This time as before I hardly felt it, and ex
perienced no pain and no blood flowed. In a few days the wound
healed. I began to be alarmed and made experiments. I found I
could hardly feel anything at all. I could taste, see, hear and smell
as well as ever, if not better. But I could not feel.
I tried distinguishing coins in the dark and could not (ell which
was which. I went to doctors and they examined me. They would
touch me in the back when I was not looking and I would not know
It. They would stick Instruments into me two or three at a time,
and if I felt anything at all I wouldn't know whether there was one
or a dozen.
"Then I began to get alarmed for fear I was becoming paralyzed.
I found that when they cut Into my blood vessels the blood would
not flow. In my upper arm when they cut an artery It closed up
at once and no blood came out, and in my wrist they had to punc-'
ture one artery three times to get a drop out. They said this was
due to the elasticity of the walls. I decided to find out what ailed
me, and as the doctors in Wisconsin could not solve the problem I
came here to consult the best authorities."
o o
0000000000000000000000000000000000
WITHHOLDS CIVIL
SERVICE ORDER
President May Not Issue
Proclamation.
QN HIS DESK FOP MONTHS
SO THE SPOILS SYSTEM IS NOT
YET BENEWED.
The Election of Internal Bevenue
Commissioner Scott as a Senator
From West Virginia Has
Changed Flans.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Feb> 3.
It will be gratifying to many Federal
office-holders In California to learn
that President McKinley may not issue
his long-expected proclamation ex
empting several thousand places from
the operation of the civil service. This
order has been lying on Mr. McKinley's
desk for several months. Most of the
positions affected by the order are in
the Internal Revenue Department, such
as deputy collectors, etc.
It is understood that when Senator
elect Scott of West Virginia accepted
the position of Commissioner of In
ternal Revenue he stipulated that these
positions should be thrown, open to
spoilsmen. It was largely due to his
Influence, it is said, that the order mak
ing the change was prepared. But now
that Mr. Scott has been elected to the
Senate and will shortly resign as Com
missioner of Internal Revenue he has
lost interest in the matter.
The decision of the President to pro
mote Deputy Commissioner Wilson to
Mr. Scott's place confirms the impres
sion that the civil service order will
never be promulgated. Wilson has
been in the service for abput thirty
years and is a strong believer in civil
service reform. Hundreds of disap
pointed office-seekers are swearing un
der their breath at the administration
for holding back the order.
There is great rejoicing among mem
bers of the Civil Service Commission.
President Proctor and" every member of
the commission labored unceasingly to
head off the raid on civil service. A
Representative took President Proctor
to task for his stand on this matter re
cently.
"I do not see how you can advocate
the keeping of deputy collectors under
civil service protection," said the Con
gressman. "If you were appointed Col
lector and had to give heavy bond to
the Government would you not want
to have some voice in the selection of
your deputy — the man on whom you
must rely for the honest and successful
running of your office?"
"My dear sir," said Mr. ■ Proctor,
"that is a stock argument of opponents
of the civil service law. It amounts to
nothing. Under the spoils system there
was not one Collector of Internal Rev
enue in a hundred that had anything to
say about the selection of his deputy.
That matter was looked after by the
political boss of the district. The Col
lector was rarely if ever consulted. I
know this to be a fact. There were
more incompetent and dishonest depu
ties in the service in the good old days
of the spoils system than there could
possibly be under the present arrange
ment. Tou will find that a majority of
the Collectors themselves are not howl
ing for the proposed change. That
ought to be conclusive in itself that
no change is. needed or desired."
Turk Defeats Frenchman.
SOUTH BEND, Ind., Feb. 3.— Hall
Adali won his match with Delmas, the
Frenchman, here to-night, getting four
falls in thirty minutes. The limit was
nine minutes. In strength Delmas was
no match for the Turk, appearing to be
fully sixty pounds lighter. The P'rench
man assumed the offensive from the be
ginning. All the falls were made by
half Nelsons. The third and fourth
bouts were very exciting, the French
man getting away from the Turk's half
Nelsons and Nelsons by beautiful bridg
ing. The match was for a $1000 purse.
Sale of Noted Stallion.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Feb. 3.— One of the
most important horse deals of the season
has just been consummated. Colonel Mil
ton Young of the McGrathiana stock farm
has purchased of Captain Sam Brown of
Pittsburg the famous thoroughbred stal
lions Troubadour and Blue Wing and
Reward of $20,000 Offered.
A wealthy lady recently lon a satchel con-
taining Jewels worth $150,000. and now offers a
reward of $20,000 each to tbe finder. The loss
of health Is far more c lons than the loss of
Jeweln, and yet it can be recovered without
paying big reward. A little money Invented
In Hostetter's Stomach Bitter* will restore
etrength to the weak, purify tbe blood, estab-
lish regularity of the bowels and help the
stomach to properly digest tht food taken
into It.
eleven brood mares, including Perform
ance, Mona, Matinee and Senorita, Th«
prices are not made public.
YOUNG PLUTO DEFEATED.
Bernstein Gets a Decision Over the
South African.
NEW YORK, Feb. 3.— Joe Bernstein of
New York got the decision over Young
Pluto of South Africa at the Greenwood
Athletic Club in Brooklyn to-night after
a hard fight of twenty rounds. Pluto's
clever defense stood him in good stead
for over twelve rounds, but after that
Bernstein seemed to be able to shoot his
left straight to the face and body, suf
fering from an occasional counter. Pluto
directed his blows at the head during the
latter part of the contest, doing the New
Worker very little harm. Bernstein
fought very cleverly throughout, and
when Referee Austin declared him the
winner at the end of the twentieth round
the verdict was well received.
For a Soap Combination.
CHICAGO, Feb. 3.— The Record to-mor
row will say: New York promoters are
interesting Eastern capitalists in a plan
which contemplates the formation of a gi
gantic combination to control the Amer
ican soap output. With $90,000,000 capital,
of which $40,000,000 will be In preferred
stock and $50,000,000 in common stock, ne
gotiations are pending for the amalgama
tion of all the important factories in the
Lnited States. Acquirement of the prop
erties of several companies will come by
outright purchase for cash or by distribu
tion of preferred and common stock to
the factories that turn over their slants.
?i? .» new com Pany, in acfditi.on to soap,
will dominate the market for a number of
other products manufactured by the same
factories, including perfumes, cosmetics
and toilet preparations.
Work of the Revision Committee.
PARIS, Feb. 3.— The revision committee
of the Chamber of Deputies held a five
hours' informal sitting to-day, which was
attended by M. Dupuy, the Premier, and
M. Lebret, Minister of Justice. No offi
cial note has been issued regarding what
occurred and nothing has leaked out, but
the fact that the two Ministers were pres
ent excites the keenest interest. It is
asserted that the committee insists either
that M. Quesnay de Beaurepaire be prose
cuted for his accusations against certain
magistrates or that the magistrates them
selves be arraigned before a superior
council of magistrates. For several days
members of the revision committee have
been receiving threatening letters.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
t^^^ to a minimum.
There is one
appalling death that still threatens inno-
cent men. It is a slow and lingering death
from consumption. One-sixth of the hu-
man race die from this relentless enemy of
humanity. Probably no subject connected
with health is so important and so little
understood as the conservation of vital
force. The human organism is a wonderful
machine, and is so constructed that if ex-
haustive draughts are made upon the vital
forces during youth and middle life, the
mechanism responds for the time, but at the
expense of itsYuture usefulness. The man !
who overworks or exhausts | himself day
after day is constantly overdrawing his
store of vital force. Finally the mechan-
ism of supply breaks down and the man
becomes a physical bankrupt The me-
chanism of supply in a man is his stomach.
There the food is transformed into vital
force. If the stomach is weak and the di-
gestion impaired, the body ceases to re-
ceive and store up vital force. If the
draught is continued, consumption or some
other equally fatal .disease is the result.
Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery is a
great producer of vital force. It enables a
man to daily store up energy to do almost
any amount of work or stand any amount
of exposure. It does its work through the •
stomach. It makes the weak stomach
strong. It facilitates and increases the
flow of digestive juices. .It promotes and
perfects the assimilation of all the life-
giving elements of the food. It is the
great blood-maker and flesh-builder.
: Mr. F. M. Robinett, of Xenophon, .Term., -
writes: " I can heartily recommend Dr. Pierces
Golden Medical Discovery for indigestion and
torpid liver. I was very bad off and tried dif-
ferent doctors with mit little benefit. I decided
to give the ' Golden Medical Discovery.' a trial
and I soon began to improve. If it had not been
for Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery I b»«
Ufiye. I v,-pnl«l not be living to-day." " : *- . <• .--•■ ;
A^-v^lS RUPTURE.
" fslSXZ^'^lliP use no more iron
WKHMRr Hoops or Steel Spring?.
frjXl&iEt^^ Rupture retained with eas»
H-'^JlPV'i" and comfort, and thousands radl-
■ /ML cally CURED by DR. PIERCED
m/B Magnetic Elastic Truss. (£7 Call at
office or write for New Pamphlet No. 1.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO., ";V
CO Market st..opp. Palace Hotel. San Francisco.
DR.MQNULIY.
riIHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD .
J. Specialist cures Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases o. Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over 20y'rs' experience.
Patients curedat Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
to3dally;6.30to8::» ev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddreaa
P. ROSCOE JIfMLTY, M.D.
2Oli Kearny St., San Francisco. €■!•
34
MILES MAY BE
COURT-MARTIALED
NEW YORK. Feb. 3.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Her
ald sends the following: Presi
dent McKinley's purpose to re-
lieve Major General Miles as
commanding general of the army, an
nounced in the Herald this morning,
has been strengthened by the consider
ation of the matter given by the Cab
inet at its meeting to-day. Further
more, it is extremely probable that a
court of inquiry will be ordered, if not
by the President of his own volition, to
determine General Miles' conduct dur
ing and aince the war, then upon the
demand of General Miles himself.
♦♦♦♦♦+♦♦+♦♦♦♦♦>♦♦
The third development to-day
was the decision of the sub-com
mittee of the Senate Committee
on Military Affairs to favorably
report an amendment to the
army reorganization bill reviv
ing the grade of lieutenant gen
eral. This grade will be con
ferred upon Major General Wes
ley Merritt as a reward for his
conduct of the campaign against
Manila, and he will be assigned
to command the army in place of
Major General Miles.
♦ ♦♦♦♦♦■*-♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦■♦•
This has been a day of anxiety for
the administration. The President had
practically decided yesterday, as stated
in the Herald this morning, to relieve
General Miles, and in some well in-
formed quarters it was anticipated an
order relieving that officer as com
manding officer of the army, would be
Issued immediately after the Cabinet
meeting to-day.
A complication in the situation arose,
however, as a result of General Miles'
denial of the interviews attributed to
him in New York. There is ho reason
to believe, however, that General Miles'
denial of the New York interview will
have any effect upon the purpose of the
administration to relieve him from his
present duties. The President's under
standing is that he gave out a type
written statement while in New York.
When I asked General Miles on this
point he declined to make any state
ment, but It was learned that the state
ment referred to set forth extracts
from reports of commanding officers,
hxpressing their opinion as to the char
acter of beef and canned meats fur
nished to their regiments.
I far as General Miles is concerned
I am given to understand he would be
glad to have his case settled one way
or the other. A close personal friend of
the major generaJ commanding said he
was heartily tired of the reports that
he was to be court-martialed or re
lieved.
"The fact is," he continued, "these
reports have been in circulation for
some seven or eight months. The gen
eral can only think that they have been
put out by some one in authority in the
nature of feelers of the public pulse or
to put Ideas in the heads of his su
periors."
The advisability of ordering a court
of inquiry was carefully considered by
the Cabinet, but no action will be taken
until the President has received the re
port of the War Investigating Commit
tee. An opinion was read by Attorney
General Griggs, which had been pre
pared at the request of the President,
showing the latter had full authority to
relieve General Miles if he desired to
take such action.
The scope of this new inquiry has
not been defined, but it certainly will
embrace the allegations .by General
Miles as to the character of the army
supplies and will involve that officer
to the extent that he must make these
charges good, and to that degree will
be on trial himself in a preliminary
manner. Should the charges be found
well established, a heavy responsibility |
would be placed upon the packers and
persons concerned in the meat inspec
tion, and perhaps others; should they
fall unsupported. General Miles may be
obliged to answer to a court-martial for
reflecting upon the character of other
officers. There are two methods by
Which such an investigation may be
rrintlucted according to e?tablishpd mil
itary usage. The first is by the ap
pointment of a court of inquiry and
the second by the appointment of what
la known as an officers' or inspection
board. In the former case it would be
necessary to name some officer who is
the subject of investigation. In the lat
ter the board is charged simply to in
quire into a state of facts, or alleged
facts, without rcf -rence to any particu
lar person and to place responsibility
if possible for anything upon which
complaint is made.. Their findings may
serve as the basis for a court-martial
quite as effectually as the findings of a
court of inquiry and has some advan
tages in that it does not begin with the
presumption of a court of Inquiry.
Where a court of inquiry Is ordered it
is said there is conveyed a distinct re
flection upon the officer named.
WAIL OF THE FILIPINO
JUNTA AT HONGKONG
HONGKONG, Feb. 3.— The Filipino
Junta here has issued the following
statement:
"Simultaneously with the proclama
tion of the republic Aguinaldo released
the Spanish war prisoners as an act of
grace.
The Spanish imposition of the poll
tax is enforced b;- the Americans with
great severity. Formerly the poor paid
$2 and the rich $37. Now the lowest
pay $5 and the rich $100, which is great
ly exasperating the people.
"The gambling, cockfighting, bruis
ing, squeezing and'thb American abuses
of the customs are causing demoraliza
tion. The Spanish corrupt, despotic
system seems to be the morale of the
American Executive.
"The Manila Filipinos are indignant
at the notion of the American journals
that they will tamely submit to be ex
perimented, with by amateur colonial
administrators, and hope the decision
of the United States Senate on Monday
will be of a nature to satisfy their as
splrations as frequently expressed."
• r-
INTERESTS THE COaST.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 3.—Representa
tive Loud returned to-day from Brooklyn,
where he delivered an address on "Re-,
forms in the. Postal Service." Mr. Loud
has received many telegrams from Cali
fornia congratulating him on hia success
In obtaining an appropriation of over a
half million dollars for the 'removal of
Arch and Shag rocks, which have for so
long. Imperiled navigation in San Fran
cisco Bay. Chairman Burton of. the Riv
ers and Harbors Committee says this
appropriation was made on the strong
presentation made by Mr. Loud before
that body. '
Pensions for Californians: Original*—
James Barney, San Francisco, $6; Wilii'm
N. Mix, Vacaville, $8; William H. Pearson
Nellie, $10; James M. Owens, Ventura, $10'
Increase— John Nelson. Cottville, $S to
$12; Martin Touhy, San Diego, $8 to $12-
Michael Flinn. Soldiers' Home, Los An
geles, J6 to $8. Reissue and increase—
A. Philbrick, Sacramento, $6 to $12.
Oregon: Original— Albert W. Carey.
Cottage Grove, $6; Martin W. Hampton
Ten Mile, $10. Increases-Nathan Wig
gins, Roseburg, |8 to $12.
EAGAN WILL NOW
ESCAPE DISMISSAL
NEW YORK, Feb. 3.— The Washington correspondent of the Herald
telegraphs: As a result of the consideration given to the matter by the
Cabinet to-day. I am told that the sentence which the President will im
pose upon Brigadier General Charles P. Eagan, commissary general of
subsistence, is suspension from rank and duty for a period of six years,
ending with his retirement from active service on January 16, 1905. It was
thought the determinate of the administration to take action in the
case of General Miles, as well as the failure of legal officers to find a pre
cedent for leniency in such grave cases, might necessitate dismissal,
but after the Cabinet meeting to-day it was announced by an official in
a position to know that the President had decided to retain General
Eagan on the rolls of the army, and the sentence of dismissal would be
mitigated in accordance with the recommendation of some of the mem
bers of the court to that stated above. It is expected that the Presi
dent's decision will be formally announced in a few days.
With General Eagan under suspension it will be impossible to ap
point an officer of the subsistence corps as commissary general. Colonel
Weston, who has been detailed as acting commissary, general, will con
duct the affairs of the office, but he cannot obtain either the rank or
pay of commissary general until the retirement of General Eagan, when
he may be given the appointment. A parallel case is that of Brigadier
General Lieber, who as colonel held the position of acting judge advo
cate general until the retirement of General Swaim, when he was ap
pointed judge advocate general.
HEPBURN'S CANAL
BILL IS FAVORED
House Committee Will
Report It.
SUBSTITUTE FOR MORGAN'S
SENATE MEASURE'S ENACTING
CLAUSE RETAINED.
This Gives It the Status of a Senate
Bill, and Final Action
on It Will Be
Expedited.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 3.— The House
Committee on Interstate and Foreign
Commerce to-day decided to give a
favorable report on the Hepburn Nica
ragua canal bill, with its amendments,
as a substitute for the Morgan bill,
passed by the Senate.
The essential features of the bill as
reported are that it authorizes the
President of the United States to ac
quire by purchase from Nicaragua and
Costa Rica the territory necessary to
build the canal, and to proceed with
the construction of the canal. One
hundred and fifteen million dollars are
appropriated for the completion of the
work authorized. The changes made in
the original Hepburn bill are in reduc
ing the appropriation from $140,000,000
to $115,000,000; striking out the provi
sion for the acquisition of "full owner
ship, jurisdiction and sovereignty" over
the route, and in adding civil engineers
from the navy and civil life to those
of the army for the purpose of making
surveys, etc.
When the subject was taken up at the
meeting of the Commerce Committee,
to-day it was first determined that
Chairman Hepburn's bill should be re
ported, as embodying the sense of the
committee. The main question was to
expedite the legislation. For this pur
pose Mr. Layering of Massachusetts
moved that all after the enacting clause
of the Morgan bill be struck out and
the Hepburn bill substituted. This was
approved and the substituted bill was
then changed in some particulars.
On motion of Mr. Barham of Cali
fornia the requirement for full owner
ship and severeignty over the route was
struck out.
An amendment by Mr. Sherman of I
New York authorizing the President to- j
negotiate with private companies or as
sociations for concessions, rights, etc.,
was defeated. Mr. Hinrichson of Illi
nois secured the adoption of an amend
ment reducing the total appropriation
from $140,000,000 to $115,000,000. As thus
amended the sub-bill was agreed to by
a practically unanimous vote and Mr.
Hepburn was directed to make the re
port to the House.
When reported the bill will have the ;
parliamentary status of a Senate bill, I
so that if the substance is agreed to
the subject will go to a conference com
mittee and the final results be expe
dited. Chairman Hepburn says the re
port will be filed on Monday. His plan
is to ask the Committee on Rules for a '
day to consider the measure. This is
not likely to be next week, as many
other measures are pressing attention |
and are regarded as having priority.
Mr. Mann gave notice that he would i
make a minority report. On the ques- i
tion of taking Into consideration the I
private concessions it is understood !
Messrs. Sherman. Bennett and Hawley j
were the only members favoring this I
course.
LOSE SEATS THROUGH
ARMY COMMISSIONS
House Judiciary Committee Decides
Against Wheeler, Campbell, Col-
son and Bobbins.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 3.— The Inquiry or
dered by the -House of Representatives
as to what members had forfeited their
scats by reason of accepting other offices
ended to-day with a finding by a judiciary
committee that Major General Wheeler,
a member from Alabama; Colonel James
It. Campbell of Illinois, Colonel David G.
Colson of KenUicky and Major Edward
V. Robbing of Pennsylvania had vacated
their seats in the House by accepting
commissions in the. army. At the same
time the committee determined that none
of the members of Congress serving on
civil commissions had thereby vacated
their seats in the House.
General Wheeler was seen after thr.
finding was announced, but asked to be !
excused from commenting on the decision, i
aa it was in the nature of a judicial pro- I
ceeding. It is said General Wheeler and I
his associates will take no action for the J
present, as the finding of the committee i
is. yet to be passed on by the House.
SNOW AT SOQUEL.
Fall of the "Beautiful" in Santa Cruz
County.
SANTA CRUZ, Feb. 3.-For the first
time in many yearß snow fell In Boulder
I'nrk and Soquel this morning-. At Big
Creek and Summit three inches fell. The
weather continues cold. There were oc
casional showers to-day.
DAUNT, Feb. 3.— Rain fell here all last
night. The foothills are covered with
snow.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1899.
ASSAULTED BIT
HIS CELLMATES
3an Rafael Prisoner Fro"ba.loly
Fatally Beaten Toy
Tramps.
) SAN RAFAEL, Feb. 3.— The County Jail was the scene of a bloody %
| encounter between an ex-convict named John Myers and five tramps 2S
[ last night. Myers was so badly injured that his death is considered 2
► certain. It required three officers to rescue the injured man, and quiet g
5 was restored only after two of the vicious, prisoners were clubbed into in- 2S
j sensibility and the other three were intimidated with a revolver. Q
Myers was arrested yesterday for drunkenness and disorderly con- 5*
j duct and placed in a cell with Charles Miller, James Banks. William gg
| Jones, Edward Powell and W. H. Martin, five as rough specimens of 8
i the genus tramp as could be found in a day's journey. Jones' true name ®
► is said to be Shea, and he is known to be a member of the notorious §
[ Shea gang which at one time terrorized South San Francisco. He Ot
► showed fight when arrested, and was thrown down a 15-foot embank- J2
I ment and rendered unconscious by Constable Trainor before he could be 8
; handcuffed. #
Last evening Myers began to curse his companions for some reason §
or other. Banks and he then began to fight, and the other four ran to §
Banks' assistance. With dishes and a pitcher they knocked Myers O
down, and jumped on him with the heels of their heavy shoes. j8
His groans and cries for assistance speedily brought Jail Keeper S
Atchley, Constable Shephard and Sheriff Taylor to the scene. They were §
unable to pull the five men oft Myers and had to use their clubs with °g
vigor. Banks and Shea were knocked senseless. The other three, curs- O>
ing roundly, then made a dash at the officers, but stopped at the sight *5
of a revolver drawn by Sh^-iff Taylor. The five roughs were placed in $
separate cells. . So
A physician was summoned to attend Myers. He found three ribs S
and the nose of the unfortunate man broken, his scalp laid open, his Jj
face beaten to a jelly and several severe wounds on the body where he 88
had been kicked. To-night it is believed that his chajice to recover is O
slender. His assailants will not be booked until the result of his in- §
juries is manifest. \
SAMPSON AND
SCHLEY'S WORK
Board Chosen to Decide
on Merits.
LONG IS AFTER THE FACTS
WILL SUBMIT AN UNBIASED RE
PORT TO THE SENATE.
Men Who Were Attached to Vessels
. in Cuban Waters Among
Those Who Will Examine .
Records.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Feb. 3.— A Washington
■ special to the Herald says: To insure
I submission to the Senate of an un-
biased report relative to the promotion
of Rear Admirals Sampson and Schley,
Secretary Long has assembled a board
of naval officers to carefully examine
all records and obtain facts bearing
upon the conduit of both officers during
the war with Spain.
This board consists of Captain R. D.
Evans, who commanded the battleship
lowa in the Santiago battle; Captain
H. C. Taylor, who was in command of
the battleship Indiana; Lieutenant W.
J. Sears, who was Schley's flag lieuten
ant, and Ensign H. H. Ward, assistant
to Captain -Crowninshield, chief of the
Bureau of Navigation. Captain Evans
was attached to the flying squadron
which left Hampton Roads under com
mand of Commodore Schley and which
proceeded to Cienfuegos and finally to
Santiago. Captain Taylor was attach-
Ed to Rear Admiral Sampson's com
mand in front of Havana during the
anxious days when the whereabouts of
Cervera's squadron was unknown, and
went to Santiago in command of the
fleet which convoyed General Shafter's
army. Lieutenant Sears is regarded as
Rear Admiral Schley's direct represen
tative, as he was a member of his staff
during the entire time Schley was
afloat.
Ward was not connected with either
squadron, his duty having been of a
secret nature, and calling him to Porto
Rico. Secretary Long believes the re
port of the board will bear out the
action of the President. It is expected
that the board will be engaged several
days in its work.
LAST OBSTACLE TO
THE FIGHT REMOVED
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., Feb. 3.— After
working the wires nearly all day Martin
Julian and O'Rourke have settled the dis
pute over the $2500 check putup by Shar
key to cover Fitssimmons' forfeit. The
check is to be changed to cash to-mor
row, and all parties are to meet in Chi
cago or New York next week to sign
articles for the light, which is to be twen
ty-five rounds or more, winner to take
all. and to take place before the club of
fering the best purse, barring the .Lenox
Club of New York.
"HOODOO" ORGAN
RENDS A CHURCH
Uproar at a Revival
Meeting.
AN HOUR'S WAR OF WORDS
WOMEN BESENT AN ALLEGED
INSULT.
Give Their Opinion of a Churchman
Delegated to Bequeat Them
to Stop Gig
gling.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Feb. 3.— The "hoodoo"
organ of the First Methodist Church of
this city, which the parishioners claim has
been the cause of numerous, dissensions
for the last year, manifested Its baneful
presence last night when TV. TV. Woodard,
a pillar of the church, was "called down"
during the progress of a revival meeting
by Miss Thereae Smith for what she al
leged was an insult. The result was that
half the congregation left the church and
a pronounced schism now exists.
One week ago Rev. Elmer Thompson
was engaged to assist Pastor William
Marshall In conducting a revival meeting,
which has met with fair success. Miss
Annie Pfaff has usually officiated aa or
ganist, but she objected to certain per
sons whom Miss Therese Smith had
asked to serve in the choir, at the request
of Evangelist Thompson. She said she
would officiate no longer, but on arriving
late at church Thursday evening became
hysterical at finding Mrs. Bell seated at
the organ.
Last night Miss Smith and another lady
who sympathized with Miss Pfaff were
called to order by the minister for .gig
gling. W. \V. Woodard, a devout mem
ber of the flock, walked over and cor
rected the ladies, and upon him their
anger broke forth in torrents. Woodard
was characterized as a hypocrite and told
that he took his three drinks a day. One
occasion when he was alleged to have tip
pled w«8 recalled to his mind, and he re
plied that he had felt faint and had
merely taken a bracer. He was then ac
cused of renting property in which liquor
was sold, In violation of the church rules.
Woodard broke down and declared all
the trouble was due to the church organ,
which he termed a "hoodoo," and, he
said, had driven his wife away from the
church and caused her to desert a happy
home. Several other ladies took a hand
and the .verbal battle waged fast and
furious. Both ministers kept cool and
tried to preserve order, but half the con
gregation became scandalized and walked
out of the church.
Mr. Turley, the Sunday school super
intendent, approached Woodard in what
witnesses term a rather threatening man
ner and accused him of having insulted
certain lady parishioners. Woodard of
fered to go down on his knees and beg
their pardon. The uproar lasted nearly
an hour.
The news of the affair became public
property and was the sensation of the
town to-day. This evening there were
only thirty persons present at the revival
services, which seemed to meet a de
cided frost.
*v ßev v. Mr> Marshall declined to discuss
the schism to-night other than to say that
most of the participants in the "affair
were not church members, and that he
wa v,. not J n a Position to make the facts
Public. He denied that Miss Pfaff was the
official organist, and admitted Miss Smith
1 D f a church member, but was silenced
™ this juncture by a warning word from
Mrs. Marshall. Rev. Mr. Thompson was
in favor of giving forth all the facts for
publication, but did not do so on account
of the desire of Rev. Mr. Marshall and his
wife to preserve secrecy.
LARGE WINERY AND
RESIDENCE BURNED
Carlos Conterio of Santa Barbara
Barely Saved From Death in
Flames.
SANTA BARBARA, Feb. 3.-The large
•winery and residence of Carlos Conterlo,
on the west end of Anapamu street, near
the foothills, were destroyed by fire last
night. The place being beyond the city
limits and there being no water mains
within several blocks, the fire raged un
checked, -and a very few minutes after
Its start the residence was a mass of
flames. The winery, a large wooden build
ing. 100 feet distant, soon caught fire, as
a strong wind was blowing in that direc
tion. It was with the greatest difficulty
that Mr. ("onterio was rescued from his
dwelling, for he was confined to his bed
at the time with paralysis.
Besides the buildings, over 30,000 gallons
of wine were destroyed, most of which
was from ten to fifteen *years old and
would command a very good price In the
market. Not a thing was rescued from
either building.
The fire is believed to have started from
the explosion of a gasoline stove, which
was known to have been burning at the
time the. fire occurred, although there was
no one in the immediate vi ;inity at the
time. The loss is complete, and Is esti
mated at from $12,(1)0 to 115,000. There was
no Insurance on the store of wines, and
the beautiful residence was insured for
only $750, with about $100 on the lurniture.
Sugar Prices Advanced.
NEW YORK, Feb. 3.— The American
Sugar Refining Company and the Na
tional and Mwllenheur refineries have
advanced the price of Nos. 5 and 10 re
fined sugars one-sixteenth of a cent a
pound. This 1b the first 'advance lo sev
eral weeks.
ALL-CANADIAN
PORT DEMANDED
Dyea May Be Conceded
to English, .
DISPUTE AS TO BOUNDARY
UNCLE SAM TO OBTAIN ONLY A
CUSTOM HOUSE.
However, Certain Concessions Agreed
Upon by a Sub-Committee May
Not Be Approved by the
Joint Commission.
Special Dispatch to The Call.'
WASHINGTON, Feb. 3.— Governor
Brady of Alaska and George Brackett
of Minneapolis, the latter largely inter
ested in a railroad enterprise in Alaska,
were to-day interviewing American
members of the High Joint Commission
regarding Alaskan interests. A report
has been in circulation that in consider
ing the Alaskan boundary the British
members of the commission had in
sisted that the Lynn canal should be
considered within the Canadian lines
and that there should be an all-Cana
dian port, presumably Skaguay, con
ceded by the United States. Both Gov
ernor Brady and Mr. Brackett pro
tested against this proposition.
Under the treaty of cession it was
provided that whenever the summit of
the mountains which extend in a direc
tion parallel to the coast from the 56th
degree of north latitude to the 141 st de
gree of west longitude shall prove to
be at the distance of more than ten ma
rine leagues from the ocean, the limit
between the British and American pos
sessions shall be formed by the line
parallel to the winding of the coast,
and which shall never exceed the dis
tance of ten marine leagues therefrom.
The British commissioners at first
took the ground that the coast line
was determined by the island which, of
course, would have given them posses
sion of the mainland at almost all
points. They have abandoned that the
ory, but have made a new claim re
garding the headwaters of the Lynn
canal. This large estuary divides into j
what are known as the Chilkoot and
Chilkat inlets, twenty-live or thirty
miles south of Skaguay.
The sub-committee apparently favors
the point of division as the head of the
coast line. If this theory is agroed to,
it would put the boundary line just
about on the shelf of land where
the city of Skaguay is located and
would apparently put Dyea in Cana
dian territory entfrely.
It is believed to be the purpose of the
sub-committee to put the landing place
itself barely within American territory,
so as to permit of the establishment of
a custom-house, but giving to the Ca
nadians the real city itself, with its
warehouses and other facilities for be- i
ginning the march to the Klondike.
The full commission has not acted
yet, but from the fact that the sub
committee has agreed it must be un
derstood the forthcoming treaty, while
adopting the American theory of the
boundary line, will limit the location of
the interior in such a way as to be fa
vorable to the Canadians and bring
their boundary line from the northwest
of the White and Chilkoot passes down
to the mouth of the river.
MUST REORGANIZE
THE NATIONAL GUARD
Regiments That Entered the Regular
Service Are Lost to
the State.
VISALTA, Feb. 3.— Orders have been re
ceived here by National Guard officers,
from General Muller, commander of the
Third Brigade, Js T . G. ft, stating that the
Attorney General has rendered an opin
ion to the effect that all companies that
were accepted as volunteers for the late
war ceased to be a portion of the National
Guard and severed their connection there
with. These companies necessarily will
have to be again mustered and men re
enlisted in the National Guard, without
prejudice, however, to their previous
terms of service.
This opinion is important to National
Guard organizations throughout the
State. The First, Sixth and Seventh regi
ments. N. G. C-, will have to be reorgan
ized, field and line officers elected and
men re-enlisted in the service of the
State.
BLOOD POISON
BLOOD POISON
"^^^T BLOOD POISON
Is Sure. BLOOD POISON
•—- — :— * BLOOD POISON
IS SHOWN IN THREE DIFFERENT
stages— in the First Stage, in the Second
Btage (more commonly called secondary), and
In the Third Stage, or Tertiary • State. You
will note your hair falling, you will note copper-
colored spots on the skin, you wll) discover a
very sore throat,, you will find glandular
lumper.
ABSOLUTELY CERTAIN TO CURE.
When in this condition an absolute cure Is
guaranteed, and If you are .not cured In tha
time specified the treatment continues free. .
The great secret of this cure Is known only
to the Hudson Doctors, and they j call It the •
30-DAY CURE.
. If. you 'are interested ■write for 80-day circu-
lars or consult the doctors free.
*we!k — * HUDYAN
MEN HUDYAN
Jlill HUDYAN
HUDYAN
HUDYAN
Cures falling manhood, a drain*, pimples, ' evil
dreams, spermatorrhoea., nervous debility,
neurasthenia, losses, melancholia and dis-
eases and disabilities of men. Write for cir-
culars about Hudyan. . free.
Hudson Medical Institute,
. Stockton, Market and Ellis Sta,
v BAN FRANCISCO. CXI* ./
Consult the Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult the Hudson Doctors Free.
AM|l||| and Morphine Habits
* ; v - Lib lAn cured at horne ' Write
ill II lI I VI for full particulars and
Vl IWlfB book free
INDIAN OPIUM CURE, B. D. KIMMIS,
i . 301 Turk St., San Franc
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ABSOLUTE^ SECURITY.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /^^^^
Very small and as easy ; . '
to take as sugar.
SEE !nADTrD*cl FORHEADACHE - SEE
* LL CARTERS FOR DIZZINESS. ME
rrviTfrr liP ITTLE FOR BIUOUSMESS. rrvnTvn
GENUINE HivER FOR TORPID liver. GENUINE
El PILLS FOR CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPER Mllm ' F OR sallow skin. WRAPPER
HKArrER !^^l_J FOR THE COMPLEXION ttArrEß
25 cSnb I Pnrely VegetaMe.^^>^^^<S
"PRINTED O3ST REID PAPER."
* ■ ' — x. /
The Desire of an Aspiring
Laundress
Is to emulate the work done at our
{ laundry. No matter how well domestic
' laundering Is done, it will never com-
j pare with th« perfect methods that give
the linen done up here such an exquisite
finish and beautiful color, that renders
it irreproachable and just like new.
Bring your laundry work to us and we j
will guarantee satisfaction. "No saw- j
edges."
The United States Laundry, office
TOQ4 Market street Telephone
South 420
i ■
. fiV^J^J and TUMORS CURED
V \ tio KNIFE or PAIN
* j tiMMsM&ar^ No Pay " nt " Cured
i^^r i§»j Any lump in a wo-
man's breast is cancer,
%MMS |B and if allowed to get
|U| large, always poisons
J j^^^^^^^ i:S % t} ? e glands in the arm "
■^^^B P' t# Wh en the cancer
Vf^/' S large cure is impossi-
ble. Face and lip also very common places.
i 90 PAGE BOOK SENT FREE
' with testimonials of thousands I have cured.
j S.R.CHAMLEY.M.D., Office 25 Third St.,S.F.
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCER
/Jvf^ LADIES DOKcuraof
i£J& \ DR. FELIX LE BRUN'S
\$f a } Steel § Pennyroyal Treatment
J i is the original and only FRENCH, V
. M f . safe and reliable cure on the mar-
- y ' "^rket. Price, $1.00; sent by mail.
'p.- '/^ Genuine sold only by • .
QEO. DAHLBENDEIt & CO., SoU Agents,
214 Kearay at., San Francisco. s
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
A Superb Train
'^00^ EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
ISiUnion Pacific.
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUT CHANGE..
1 BUFFET SMOKING AND LIBRARY CARS
WITH BARBER SHOP.
DQUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS. .
' FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
ONLY ZVx DAYS TO CHICAGO. ■
Leaves San Francisco daily at 8 p. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent,
No. 1 Montgomery street, San Francisco.
California
Limited
Santa Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at ti •
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES-
DAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. the
following: Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving: In New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS.BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car , and Electrlo
Lighted Sleeping: Car. v V ,
I This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
m ! FRABCISCQ TICKTBFiCE— 111 MARKET SI,
TELEPHONE . MAIN 1511.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Saoramento Oifioo— 2ol J Streak
San Jose Office— 7 Wast Santa Clara Si
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *7:2O, »9:30, 11:00 a. m.; *1:45,
8:45, 6:15, *6:00, 6:80 p. m. ■• .
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mon-
I days, Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p.' m.
; SUNDAYS— 'SiOO, •10:00, *ll:30 a. m.; *1:13,
I 3:00, »4:30, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S, »6:35, 7:45, «9:30 a. m.;
•12:20. 2:20, »3:45, 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m. .. •
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. •8:00. •10:00, •11:83 . a. m.;
•1:15, ■*3:lO, 4:40, '6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN .FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— '6:45, 7:55, 9:40 a. m. ;
12:35, 2:45, 1:60, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:OO, 10:05 a. m.; 12:05, 1:20, 3:20,
5:00, 6:20 p.- m. '
. THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a. m. week — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3:45 p. m. : Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
> stations. . . :• .
8:30 a.m. Sundays— Duncan Mills, and way ata'a.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausallto Perry,)' •
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday
Sept.: 11, IS.*: ,- ... ■
Week. — 9:30 a. m.. 1:45 p. m. .
Sundays— B:oo. 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:15 p. m.
■ Round trip from Mill Valley, $1. I
THOS. COOK & SON, Agents. 621 . Market
•treet. San Francisco, ,
RAIT.KOAJJ TaAYBL.
souTiinnsr r*(in( cosirAHT.
(PACIFIC NVS'I'EM.) .. ..
Trnlim leave mul nre due !• iirrif* •!
MAN VIUNCIHI'O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street) .
meats — Fkou Deo. 18, 1838. — ABUTS
•0:OOa Nlles, Ban Jose »nd Way Stations... % Bi43a,
7:O« a. Betticia, Buisun »nd Haorameoto. . . . 0:43*
IsOOa MarysTille, OroTiileaod Redding Tia
Woodland Si4Br
7:OOa Blmira, VacaTill* and Rnmier Si4Sr
' Tiit«A Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, -T.'apa,
CalUtoga and Hnnta Boaa •ilSp
8:OOa Atlantic Express, Ogileii and Kast.. Si4S»
• iltOA San Jose, LiTermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, FlaoerrlU*,
MarjisTtlle, Chlco, lied Bluff , 4.1 «>P
Bi3Oa •Milton, Oakdale and Jameatown... 4ilßr
•tOO a. Martinez, Tracy. Latbrop, Stockton,
Meroed and Frosuo lStlSf
•<OOa Fresno, Bakersfletd, "Santa U»r);»r«,
Los Angelee, Demlng, El Paso,
New Orleans and Bast . oi4B>
lOiOOa. Vallejo, Martinez and War Stations 7i48»
laiOOn Niles, Uvermore, Stockton, Baon- .
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Vlaalia,
PorterriUo , .-ft- 4:I8»
•liOOp Sacrameoto U(ver Steamen *BiOor
4iV4lr Martlnei, Nan ltamoii, Vallejo,
Mapa, Callatoß*. Sauta Rosa llilO*
4ioor Beulcia, Vacutlllo, flaerainento,
Woodland, Knight* Landing,
MarysTil^ Oro»lll 1O:4»»
4:80p Nile*. San Jose and Stockton ..;..... TilOp
•kOttpSan Francisco and Los Angeles
Limited. Fresno, B&kersfleld, Los
Angeles »i4»a
6:30p Stockton, Meiced, Fresno 1«iI3»
B:SOp Martinez, Traojr, JJendota, Fresno,
- MojaTe, Hauta iTarbara and I.os
Ansel.* «i4Sa
fS;OOP Pacific Coast Limited, El Pmo,
Fort Worth, Little Rock. St.
Louis. Chicago and Bast 19:454
O:Bor tlanta Fe Ilim.i. ,u,.i..iu ..Apical
for Moja?e anil Kant »i4»p
6ioop Kuropeau Mail. I'giipuaud ItTTT Bt4r}«
SsOOp Hay wards, Mies and San Jose 7i4Sa
•■lOOt- VaTleJo 1«:1BP .
t?.«Op Vallejo, Port Costs, and Way Bt»-
-tlona: i. Joi4a»
SiOOp Oregon lCxpress,Hacranieuto, Marys-
. Till*. Ke.l.llng, Portland, fuget _
Hi .laud V.M1...: »iIOA
(I«iO3p Sunset Limited. Fresno, liOi
Angeles, £1 Paso, New Orleans
and East ■■■■ Bli4B>
"i*AS LKANIUIO A.M> l!*VW.4ltl>S LQCUu
(Foot of Market Street.)
T Melro*s, Scniinnrr I'urk, '■
RtOAA Kitchburi;, Klinliurnt, eiC.l*,
49:00 a San linamiro, South Hxu |*Bi<lDa,
lO.OOa Leandro, K«tn<lillo, : lOUS*.
ill:<io* I.oreimo, Cherrj ia«4sp
amop . n ,i tl«4sp
*••* IRunsthr'^rtoN.... ' " 4B *
j I From Nlles. I
AST 1>IYI»ION ( arrow <«».u«e). "
(Foot of Market Street.) .
B>lßA.Newark,Cent3rTille,6anJose,F6lton,
BoulderCreek.SantaOruxand Way
Htatlona. »»»•»
*3ila> Newark, CeoterTille, Ban Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Houlder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Station*..... ' Mwis»a
ItMl Newark. San Jose and Los Gate*... 0:20 a
1 1 1 1 13 Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations :.. !~'»V
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
I torn SIR mNCISCO— Fost of Vsrk.t ttrtit (Slip 8) —
•7:15 9:00 11:00*. tl:00 *fl:00 *3:09
'• *«:03 JB:OO *6:03r.M.-- .—; =
frsm 01KUSD— Fo»l «f Bra«dw«j.— "8:00 8:00 ■ 10:00 A.M.
1 12:00 »l:00'-tl:00 *3:03 ; tt:OO ■ •S:OQr.M.
(OAST l»l VlSiO^ (l!roa«l(iani;e).
(Third :>iid Townseml SU) .-.
7:OOa San .lone himl Way BUtlnliS (New *
Almaden Wednesdays only). I.SO
. OiOOa Han .!(«.■, Tres I'inos, Santa Orux,
Piui:ii: (iri)Te, l'asn Utibles, Man
I.nis Olilsiio. Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal War SUtlnns 4ilop
lOi4Oa San Jim ami Way Stations »Bioo*.
Ili3«>a San Jose aud Way Stations 8:33*
*»i4spSau Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo. Alto. Santa Clara, Han Jose,
Gllroy, .Ulster, . Santa Cruz.
Salinas, Monterey and FaciUo
flro»e: . »1«i8«4
•HtSlOr Sail Jose aud Way Stations "0:004
•4:15p San .lose and Principal Way Stations 0:494
•S:QOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations «i»5 a
SiSOf Sau Jose and Principal Way Stations StSOp
0:« Of San Jose aud Way Stations 7>3op
Ml:4ap San Jose and Way Stations.. 7130p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Hiindays excei>teii. i Sundays only t S&t.imlxysonly
ITMotidayß and Thursdays. aTueitdays and Saturdays.
(Saturdays and Wednesdays. 6Thured*TS and Sundays
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:85,
3:80, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:50 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. »:SO. 11:00 a. M. i 1:S«, 1:30.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
4AS RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO,
WEEK DAYS— 7:50. 9:80, 11:10 a. m. ; U:«.
8:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra, trips at
1:56 and 6:86 p. m.
BUNDAYS-8:10, 9:40, 11H0 a. m.| 1:40. It4#,
8:C0, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Bchuet»ea Park
tame schedule as abova. « ■ . ■-■■■.■■-■/
Leave ArriTt
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
__ — October 18, ——————
Week ! Sun- | 1898. Bun- i Week
Days. ' Days.- Destination, days. . days.
7:30 am! 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 amf *:40 am
3:89 pm! 9:80 ami Petaluma 6:10 10:25 am
* 6:10 pm 6:00 pm l Santa Rosa, 7:85 pm 6:22 pin
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. 10:24 am
Kealdsburi, ' ••>■
Lytton, i
Geyservllle,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:83 pm 6:l] pra
Hopland and * »
7:80 am Uklah. 7:85 pm 8:22 pm
7:30 amj ' - . 10:35 am
1 8:00 am OurneyYllle. 7:86 pm
8:80 pm . 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 1 8:40 ana
and '
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 8:10 pm! 6:22 pra
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopql 10:40 am' 10: 25 am
3:30 pmi 5:00 prr^: | 7:83 pm 6:22 pn»
•Stares connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs ; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
perville for Skaggrs Springs; at Cloverdale tor
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyville. Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at.UkUh for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside, Lierley's, BueknelVa.
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle, Boonevllle, Orr'»
Hot Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort Brag?,
WestDort. T sal, Wlllittsi. Laytonville. Cum-
mine's. Bell's Springs, Harris. Olaen's, Dyer,
Scotia . and -Eureka.
.Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at.
reduced rates. •
On Sundays roun* trip tickets to all point!
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 660 Market St.. Chronicle bide.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
. General Manager. Gen. Pass Agent.
» ■
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 28, 1599, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. ■ Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Daily. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd I ; Dally.
•7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pm
9:10.am 2:05 pm Meiced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am 5:35 pm Fresno 9:30 am .2:42 pin
11:38 am 7:43 pm Hanford 7:45 am -1:45 pm
2:25 m 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:53 ami 6:25 pm Visjalla 6:40 ami 1:22 pm
12:15 pml 6:53 pin . Tulare S:so'am| 1:05 pm
' Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
inquire at Trafttc Manager's Office, 321 Market
street. San Francisco.
, Weekly Call, $1 per 1 Year.McKENZIE HELD
FOR COMPLICITY IN
THE COOK KILLING
The Ex=Sherif? Admitted to Bail
in the Sum of Twenty
Thousand Dollars.
NAPA, Feb. 3.— George S. McKenzie,
ex-Sheriff of Napa County, was to-day
held by Justice Wright to answer to a
charge of murder, for alleged com-
plicity in the murder of Alfred Cook,
who was killed on January 5, 1899, by
Jesse Walters. Bail was fixed at $20,
--000, a reduction of $5000 from the
amount of bail originally fixed. This
is viewed by the defense as a decided
victory, owing to the language of the
committing magistrate when fixing the
bail.
On the resumption this morning of
th*» proceedings in the premilinary ex
amination of McKenzie Judge "Wright
announced his decision that the testi
mony of McKenzie given before the
Coroner's jury was admissible.
John A. Peterson, the janitor of the
Courthouse, testified that one day in
December, IS9S, McKenzie asked him
If he knew the location of Walkers
Landing, where Cook was then sup
posed to be, under the alias of Dorman.
George Secord testified to the finding
of a blood-stained 44-caliber bullet in
the stable of McKenzie, and the prose
cution rested its case.
Ben Swanton, Richard Ivers and Tom
Cuff testified for the defense that they
had not said to Paul Hanson that the
real name of Al Dorman was Al Cook.
Herman Xussberger, who was em
ployed with Walters at Oakville in Jan
uary, 1896, testified he knew Cook at
that time. Witness is employed in a
saloon in Xapa. Cook went into the
saloon on December 30 and said he in
tended to work for McKenzie and that
he was going under the name of Dor
man. Deceased told witness that he
didn'i want his real name known.
Frank Roberts, employee in a local
soda water factory, knew Cook at Oak
ville about two years ago. He saw
Cook in Xussberger's saloon on the
evening of December 30 IS9B. Cook
pledged witress to remain silent as
to his (Cook's) presence in Xapa, and
said he had assumed the name of Dor
man. and that ) c was going to work for
McKenzie on the first of the year.
Witn j ss had never spoken to McKenzie
about ... m:.tter.
E. H. Cowart, who formerly resided
at Oakville, removed to Xapa in De
cember. 1S&8. He knew Cook at Oak
ville. V itness last saw Cook on Tues
day evening, Jaunary 3. at McKenzie's
.-table. He also saw him on the Satur
day preceding, and had a talk with dc
i. The latter informed him he
had assumed the name of Dorman and
was engaged to work for McKenzie.
In a conversation with Cook the latter
was told that he was in danger of be
ing recognized. To this Cook replied:
"Well, I have fooled that blockheaded
Sheriff, anyway."
Cowart never had any conversation
with McKenzie as to Dorman's identity
EMMIE BEAUTIES
PRINCE FOR PRIZES
Trophies Awarded at
Los Angeles.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 3.— The havoc
wrought by the storm of yesterday in
the tents and equipments of the horse
show have been repaired and the per
formance was on to-day. When Ring
master Graham walked into the ring at
Fiesta Park at 2 o'clock this afternoon
1500 persons were seated under the
canvas. Society was out in force, and
the display of gowns and gay millinery
was brilliant. Every one was good
natured and the horse show people
were devoutly thankful for an ideal
day.
The first event on the programme
was the judging of horses and delivery
wagons in Class 21. The band struck
up a lively air as the horses entered
the ring. The blue ribbon went to
Prince, a gray gelding entered by
Frank H. Powell. Johnnie, entered by
A. Hamburger & Sons, won second
prize. Third prize went to Prince
Jack, entered by C. C. Desmond. Fred
Barman's gelding received mention.
After the ring had been cleared hur
dles were brought in and Tadpole, the
pet. appeared and jumped hurdles six
: ches higher than his head.
In the third event, judging pony
: andems, there -were two en
ni'=. Kittiwake and Santa Clara, by
G. L. Waring of Riverside, and Feath
h and Rosalie, by Walter S. Ho
bart. The latter team was driven by
Richard Tobiri. and S. W. Stillwell
drave the Waring entry. No first prize
was awarded. Second prize went to
H<>bart's entry, and third prize was
awarded to Waring's entry.
Judging of ponies in harness, class
43. refulted as follows: First prize.
red by W. S. Hobart: second
prize. Liehtfoot, also from the Hobart
string; third prize, Kittiwake. entered
by Q. L. War:- .
To-night tandems owned in Southern
California, and four-in-hands passed
before the judges. The performance
rinsed with a floral parade, when the
winners in each event paraded. All the
tally-hos and other vehicles. Includ
ing the celebrated Chamber of Com
mfrc tally-ho, and every drag in the
exhibit were decorated with a wealth
of roses that this tropical section alone
affords. Th* programme that was
abandoned yesterday will be given on
Monday next
C E. Maud and Robert Bettner of
Riverside are making arrangements for
th«- polo match with the Burlingames.
Other members of the club are R. H.
Mackie and G. L. Waring. These gen
tlemen have some stunning little ponies
which they are not afraid to match
with any of "B'lingum's." The match
will occur at Agricultural Park next
Tuesday afternoon at 2 o'clock. The
Burlingame team consists of Richard
Tobin. Joseph Tohin. William Dunphy
and Charles A. Baldwin, the latter
having been wired for to San Francisco
to take Walter S. Hobart's place, Mr.
Hobart being still confined to his bed.
Th" Burlingame Club has two car
load? of ponies, thirty in number, now
stabled at Agricultural Park. The
Riverside ponies, numbering about
twenty, also are at the park. They are
all in fine condition.
Mr. Hobart's Illness.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 3.— The physician
of Walter S. Hobart of San Francisco,
who is ill at the Van Nuys Hotel In this
city reported to-day that Mr. Hobart is
doing well, but will be kept in his room
(or two or three days.
1 until after the killing. Cook told him
! he had the job secured before he left
j San Francisco.
Quit a stir of excitement was created
■ when Bell began the cross-examination
! of the witness.
"Have you been offered any money
for your testimony in this case?" was
his first startling question.
"I was told by a party," said the wit
ness, "that if I would g:ve my testi
i mony I could make wages by it. I
i said I would not be bribed, but would
j tell what I knew. He said: "If you tell
me what passed between you and that
! party you will be well paid for it.'
There were two such conversations.
i One st night and the other last Satur
, day."
"Who was the party?"
: "Mr. Beerstecher."
"What was said about your testi
mony last night and about the money
you were to get?"
"The matter was brought up in this
shape. He said: 'You will get your
expenses well paid if you will tell what
you know about it.' I told him I would
not tell him what I knew. He then
said I would be paid and paid well. I
said I could not be bribed, and he said
he was not trying to bribe me. but that
he only wanted me to tell the truth.
He did not try to bribe me. He only
wanted me to tell the truth."
There was a brief cross-examination
by Beerstecher. without eliciting any
thing new. and H. M. Barstow, one of
the attorneys for the defense, was call
ed to the stand. He testified that Mc-
Kenzie met him at the train at Napa
on the evening of December 30, IS9S.
the time Cook arrived, and that witness
and McKenzie had a conversation at
the depot.
This closed the taking of testimony
and both sides agreed to submit the
matter without argument. Justice
Wright gave his decision as follows:
I wish to say that in going over the
testimony in this case, as brought from
the witnesses, I find that the evidence in
the case is such that I am compelled to
commit the defendant to answer before
the Superior Court of this county. The
evidence in my mind has been such as to
be in favor of the prosecution, and that
in rebuttal has not been sufficient to en
able me to do otherwise. It is the order
of this court that the defendant be com
mitted to answer before the Superior
Court of this county.
Attorney Beerstecher inquired of the
court as to the matter of bail. Dis
trict Attorney Bell strenuously ob
jected to bail being allowed, but after
argument by Attorney Hilman the Jus
tice decided in favor of the defense as
follows:
The evidence of the case in my mind is
circumstantial, and the presumption of
guilt iB not so great as 10 prevent n><.
admitting the defendant to bail. I have
no doubt I wonli b^ justified i
him to bail. Bail is fixed in the sum «f
$20,000.
Soon after adjournment of the court
the necessary bond was filed and "Mc-
Kenzie was thus saved from going
back to a prison cell.
SNOWSTORMS AND
VERY COLD WAVES
Blizzards Yet Prevail in
Colorado.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER, Feb. 3.— While no snow
fell in Denver to-day, snowstorms and
cold waves are reported by the Weather
Bureau to be bearing down upon this
city from every direction. A blizzard
prevailed at Leadville, where snow has
fallen for ten days in succession. Lead
ville is the Western terminus at pres
ent of both the Denver and Rio Grande
and the Colorado Midland railroads,
though neither is sparing expense in
its efforts to clear the tracks west of
that city. Trains over the Rio Grande
began running to-day in regular sched
ule between Denver and Leadville and
from Denver to Durango over the nar
row gauge. Trains are also running
east from Grand Junction to Gunnison
and Ouray over the narrow gauge. The
Midland Terminal is blockaded, but
communication with Cripple Creek is
still maintained over the Florence and
Cripple Creek line.
The first train from Como over the
South Park Road since the beginning
of the big storm, three weeks ago, ar
rived in Denver to-night. A rotaryi
followed by a trainload of provisions,
is cutting its way to Kokomo, and the
intention is, if the train is not buried
by snowslides, to enter Leadville to
morrow.
A dispatch from Sllverton says Ed
ward Rogers, a miner, was killed by a
snowslide near town to-day.
The officials of the Denver and Rio
Grande Railway Company say that
system has not had such an experience
since the winter of 1885.
At Glenwood Springs are three Rio !
Grande and two Midland trains snow
bound. Each road has a train at Lead
vffle, and the Rio Grande two at Grand
Junction and one at Minturn. No road ;
except the Union Pacific is accepting !
through west-bound passengers.
Snow is reported on the Rio Grande
lines all the way from three feet on the
level at Glenwood Springs to six feet
deep at Crested Butte. At 5 o'clock
this evening the mercury stood at 25 ;
below at Marshall Pass.
A train started from Minturn with a ;
gang of shovelers to open the line
through the canyon of the Grand River. !
At 6 o'clock this evening the train
had not even reached the canyon, j
The Denver & Rio Grande Company
expects to have its main line open by j
next Sunday. The W r est Minstrels, the I
Gay Coney Island company and "Shaft j
No. 10" company are all blockaded at I
different points in the mountains.
LEADVILLE. Feb. 3.— The citizens !
of the camp are experiencing no hard- j
ships so far, with the exception of the i
miners on the Gold Belt route, who
have been laid off owing to the block- I
ade and are losing, in the aggregate. ;
J2500 in wages per day. Both of the |
Leadville smelters are cutting down
their work and are carrying on opera- !
tions in their yards with the utmost
difficulty and at the loss of a large sum
of money each day.
The coal situation is still critical for
the reason that there is so much coal
consumed daily, the smelters alone
using 150 tons per day. Twelve cars of j
coal which came in on the Midland and
twenty cars on the Rio Grande w r ere :
consumed in an hour and coal dealers !
are far behind with their orders.
SALT LAKE. Feb. 3.— The snowfall
in this valley during yesterday and
to-day was the heaviest known for
many years. Railroad traffic has not
been Beriously interrupted and all local j
trains arrived on time to-day.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALX, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1899.
BORN BEFORE
THE CENTURY
Passing of Mrs. Foster
at Salinas.
LIVED TO A GREAT AGE
HAD S£EN A HUNDRED AND
NINE YEABS.
Came to California in 1848 After an
Adventurous Life Spent With
Her Husband at
Sea.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALINAS, Feb. 3.— Mrs. Maria Fos
ter, aged 109 years, died at the County
Hospital to-nighf. Death was due to
old age.
Mrs. Foster declared she was born In
Scotland November 29, 1789, but her !
actual age might have been over 109 '
years, as she said she was told by her j
mother that when a babe in arms they |
all were brought on a troop ship to
Nova Scotia to jotn the father, and
was a soldier in the British army and
fighting the colonists.
Before her marriage to a ship cap
tain, John Foster, she was known as
Maria Hewston. For many years prior
to her meeting with her husband she
was maid to different noble ladies, and
in her later years when the subject was
mentioned Mrs. Foster reviled that
class as being immoral and frivolous,
as well as purse-proud and overbear
ing.
During her married life, a period of
over forty years, she visited nearly
every section < f the world and she re
lated with great git how her "old
hubby, when off the Sulu Islands, beat
off some Malay pirates, who had at
tacked them, by using hot water and
slush."
Mrs. Foster came in 184S to Califor
nia, landing at old Monterey, and for
many years lived near that town. In
1870, while going over the hills to the
San Juan Mission, after a residence at
San Juan since 1854, Mr. Foster died
and then her troubles began, finally
ending in the poorhouse. Mrs. Foster
has been for eight years an inmate and
for the past three years had been bed
ridden, she having fallen and broken
her knee caps, which never reunited.
She was partiaJly deaf and nearly to
tally blind, though she recognized all
who came in contact with her by their
voice. Her hair, snow white, and very
long, gave a witchlike appearance to
her shriveled and mummified features.
She was a hearty eater, drank several |
glasses of brandy each day and smoked
the strongest tobacco In a foul clay
pipe continuously.
CASES OF SMALLPOX
IN AN OMAHA HOTEL
Guests Quarantined and Prevented
From Leaving by a Squad
of Police.
CHICAGO. Feb. 3.— A special to the
Record from Omaha, Neb., says: The
spectacle of an entire hotel full of guests
being quarantined and armed policemen
standing at every door and window to pre
vent the people escaping is presented in
Omaha to-night.
This morning three well-defined cases
of smallpox were discovered at the Ven
dome Hotel, located in the center of the
city. The Health Department was noti
fied and plans were quickly decided upon
for quarantining the place. A squad of
armed policemen raced to the scene and
when the guests started on their accus
tomed duties this morning they were
driven back into the house by force
Traveling men begged to be permitted to
get away, guaranteeing to leave the city
by the first train or afoot if necessary
Several daring fellows, who preferred
any sort of an adventure to being shut
up for ten days, slipped out the skylight
scaled the adjacent roofs, and making
their way through the snow and ice over
the housetops, managed to reach the
ground in safety, after many narrow es
capes. A number of Chicago and St. Louis
traveling men are in the hotel. Nobody
cares to examine the register just at
present to find out who they are.
. — , — » —
WOULD ESCAPE DISCIPLINE.
Priest Tuhoy May Have Recourse to
the Civil Courts.
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 3.— Father John Tu
hoy, against whom a papal decree has
been rendered that he must vacate the
parochial residence and retire to a
monastery for ten days, will take his
case into the civil courts, if, in his opin
ion, the discipline to be administered
by Archbishop Kaine, in accordance
with the papal decree, proves to be too
severe, said His attorneys. Groves and
McClelland, to-day. They declared that
regardless of the decision of Rome,
Father Tuhoy's position was quite ten
able. The appeal is now pending in thp
Court of Appeals of this city, and the
case has not been dismissed. No action
will be taken until Father Tuhoy knows
the final attitude of the Archbishop of
the see.
SUICIDE IN A BOXCAR.
Unknown Man KJls Himself With
a Dose of Strychnine.
CHICO, Feb. 3.— Trainmen on a southb
ound freight this morning found the
body of a man in a boxcar. Coroner Col
lins took charge of the body and ordered
an autopsy, which revealed that death
was caused by strychnine poisoning. A
bottle partly filled with strychnine and
another bottle containing a small quan
tity of alcohol and strychnine were round
in the pockets. It was a clear case of sui
cide. No papers were found by which the
man could be identified. The car in which
the body was found was brought from
Tehama this morning.
The man was between 35 and 40 years of
age, about five feet nine inches tall, with
dark brown moustache, hair of the same
color, slightly gray, and about two weeks'
growth of beard. He weighed 160 pounds.
He was dressed in a good suit of black
clothes, a new suit of woolen underclothes
and a colored shirt.
AUTO-TRUCKS COMING.
Company Organized to Operate in
California.
NEW YORK, Feb. 3.— J. H. Hoadley of
the New York Auto-Truck Company to-*
day announced a California Auto-Truck
Company was organized on Thursday
■with a capital of $5,000,000. The company
is to be incorporated at once under New
Jersey laws, and will begin business as
soon as possible. The new company is
composed of Chicago and California capi
talists, whose names were not made pub
lic. The first contract to be undertaken
will be that of providing an omnibus sys
tem for Los Angeles. Vpon completion
of this the company will go to work on a
truck system for San Francisco.
Successful Filibustering.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 3.— Most of the
time of the House during the three hours'
■n to-day was consumed in filibus
tering against relief bills on the private
calendar. The filibuster was finally suc
cessful and the House adjourned without
taking up the bill. The conference report
on the diplomatic appropriation bill was
adopted.
.-'/■' ADVERTISEMENTS. .1 • • . ' .^ W ■' •' -' ' r :
•■+^■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+l^
SATURDAY SPECIALS!
specials fbo» our j ATTR^ CTI y & ARRAY of Ladies' Jackets
Domestic Department ■* y ** • ■^5 V1%> ™ Vfl A r
■«t -wTs-kti;' . '-• ijiDfi A TXTC T an tapes.
25 Pieces CREAM TABLE f^ #1 &< I ~fT #1 I |%J i^^ f
DAMASK, 56 inches wide, all ■ 3 t°% I 1 «¥ f\ 1 ll L W I .
pure linen and very serviceable; -""^ m ■■ __k.____ __k. ____ ~i f-_*~ -»
the regular 45c grade; will be . /\-j Si. -4-5
offered at 35_c_yard. . = =Z=Z=Z=ZZ=ZZ= LADIES' CHEVIOT CLOTH
f\t SO Cents. ? • JACKETS, regular price $3 50;
is pieces cream table We mention below a few of the many obtain- sale price n45 each -
DAMASK, 70 inches wide, or r^v i> . . • f ; _• v'V" .
r or| r rd?; d bl b e e^ able bargains specially created for our to-days . LADIES .^ ov f R tctoTH JACK .
fered at 60c_yard. trade. We have made a practice for many years gra ; £ le fr p ° s e ' $ f 4 o 5 d e leh ue for
is doz^ t BEDc s oM?o^T lERs.I ERs. Reg- past to offer special inducements to our Satur- '- ~ m99
iif.iStxxftiy^Si&d?\hei?w day patrons, and for to-day we make no ex- ladies- kersey cloth jack-
grade; will be offered at 75c ."; ••...' :*"-/r,S--hv">" :-*;: Eio, fly fronts, faced with silk,
each. CeptlOn. : -' ' worth $7 50; sale price $3 95
each.
/\t 90 cents. The below mentioned items are but a few a + ITToo
125 pairs 11-4 COTTON BLAN- ,: , ■ * At * 4 9 0 '
kets, in both white and color- camnlp*; Of the many advantages tO the our- ladies* KERSEY cloth jack-
ed, extra heavy and fleecy; SampiCS Ul lIIC Iliaiiy aUVailLa^C_> IU UIC IJUI ETg fly fronts, faced with silk,
worth *- 35; will be closed out '— u-,e-^t-i " regular price $10 00; sale price
at 90c pair. ClJaScr. . . $4 90 each.
fAt $1.00. "' ' ' ~' ' /\t $3,90.
250 WHITE BED SPREADS, full SPECIAL BARGAINS IN HOSIERY. MEN'S FURNISHINGS LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, hand-
size, Marseilles patterns, very IULH 0 I UIVIUJIIIMU J. somely trimmed with braid and
heavy and hemmed ready for At io Cents. beads; good J value for $7 50; sale
at VoO each : ° d 300 dozen CHILDREN'S FAST BLACK At 25 Cents. price $3 90 each.
at 51 uo each_ COTTON HOSE with double heels 3 c^ g MEN>S :munx[SHED EXTRA — -;
At l 5 Cents. . and knees; sold usually at J2 50 fine cashmere wool and merino At 55.00.
OUTING FLANNEL a heavy and d ° Zen; WiU be _°JL sale at 10 ° P . SOCKS. In undyed colon, and fast blacks; LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, trimmed
soft fleecy grade a good variety At . 5 Cents. ZV™J^ &*•£*?%?<£?% aVS^wSf^Sa^r!^
offi^lc^ 8^ WiU 1~ ff-CHI E LDR S S H|; A E S R T E BLACK SSSSSS 5T S «3S
BLANKETS! BLANKETS Ur^ffisSSr^ 35c each: « s^cents. ~~
• ._____»-, 75' dozen MEN'S UNLAUNDERED WHITE i f~i /-» ft 11
At &2 r 45 LADIES' HOSIERY. SHIRTS, made from "Utlca Nonpareil ; L(fff« I Allflt'ATTAC
rtl 55>-C."^-=>. cloth, with reinforced all-linen inserted: I IB I Will 1.1 1 L IC^«
95 pairs 11-4 WHITE BLANKETS, n+ <■ Cents bosoms, double backs and felled Beams; for- *••** v * *** w •»w»_'-
-72 inches wide, this is a good T »nrw Hii-PMqnnTJTi 1 mer price 50 ; marked down to 50c each. V t ___
serviceable blanket, a small part 300 dozen LADIES _ HERMSDORF
cotton, and positively worth BLACK IMPORTED COTTON *--*»»«♦« At OS Cents
1 $3 75, will be offered special at HOSE, with extra heavy heels and /*t.7 3 Cents. At S>s> merits.
I" 45 Dair soles, at 15c pair. «2 down MEN'S UNDTED wool, under- LADIES' BLACK CONEY FUR
* -.•.,*■; : :\" J /V' : -.— 77-7 - ";> SHIRTS AND DRAWERS, warranted COLLARETTES, lined with
At $2.95. At 33 Cents. shrunk; former price »1 23; marked down to ilk serge: regular price *2 75;
50 pairs 11-4 WHITE BLANKETS. 200 dozen LADIES FANCY LISLE 75c each - sale price 95c each.
72 inches wide, made from a fine THREAD HOSE. In a variety of the At 75 Cents. ________
grade of wool, heavy and warm newest patterns, with vertical silk dozen MEN . S fleece-lined camel's
and positively worth $5, will be embroidery: usual prices 50c and 65c HAIR undershirts and drawers. * <% • nr
offered special at $2 95 pair. pair; will be sold without reserve at ln the following sizes: Shirts. 42, 44. 46. 48; I O{\i(*C IV I*sl flflPfC
— 33c pair. . drawers. 36, 38. 40. 42, 44; former price $1 23; JLuUIVj IT lit 1/1/ V I _3«
At 58.50. i'aHIPCJ lIIVnPDWFAP marked down to 75c each. " • M **
25 pairs 14-4 WHITE BLANKETS. LADIES' UNDERWEAR. a+ t=kr%~?- ♦ "~~~
size S4xS6, made from the finest a + * -r^ n^a ***■ ' ents> a + -^ck _ _ + _
grade of Australian wool, hand- lrtT ' _.«s»i ■_=».. 30 dozen MEN'S heavy vicuna merino /AX y—> - enTS>
somely finished and positively 150 LADIES' MIXED EXTRA HEAVY UNDERSHIRTS AND drawers, extra 45 dozen LADIES' FLANNEL-
worth' $15. will be offered special JERSEY RIBBED VESTS; in gray, well finished and warranted shrunk: former " ETTE WRAPPERS; regular
at $8 50 pair. white and pink, at 75c each. price $1 25; marked down to 90c each. \ price $1 50; sale price 75c each.
1/1/ Murphy Bulldlnar, M [f[f Murphy Building, M . [/[/ Murphy Bunding, . £ . {/{/ Murphy Building;, .#
Market aid Jones StreetL Martet and Jones Streets. . Market and Jones Streets. Market and Jones Streets.
OPPOSITION TO
A VOTE ON THE
PEACE TREATY
WASHINGTON. Feb. 3.— For more
than five hours to-day the Senate lis
ftened to arguments in opposition to
expansion and in opposition to the rati
fication of the treaty of peace. The
speakers were Money of Mississippi and
Daniel of Virginia. The former's ad
dress was comparatively brief. Daniel
made an exhaustive argument, in
i which he covered all the points in con
troversy. His speech was a brilliant
oratorical effort.
Money, in accordance with previous no
tice, began a discussion of the expansion
problem. He desired, he said, to make
certain concessions in beginning. He con
ceded the right of this country- to acquire
i by conquest or by purchase or by any
i other method exercised by any sovereign
' nation, territory anywhere, but in a case
like that now presented the treaty mak
ing power could act only within the limits
of the constitution. Discussing the con
dition of the Filipinos, Money declared
that if they were not fitted for self-gov
ernment they were not fitted to be citi
zens of the United States, and we would
be better off to leave them to their own
devices, that they might work out their
own destiny. Money entered then upon a
discussion of the situation in the Philip
pines. He told how Aguinaldo had offered
his services to the United States officials
and paid high tribute to the Filipino
leader.
Daniel of Virginia addressed the Sen
ate on the Vest resolution. "To-day," he
said, "we are the United States of Amer
ica. To-morrow, if a certain treaty now
pending before this body be ratified, we
will be the United States of America and
Asia." It is seriously proposed, he said,
that we take to this country a large and
miscellaneous assortment of Asiatic isl
ands and to make citizens, with all the
rights of inhabitants of territories of the
I United States, of the large and varied
assortment of Asiatics. Mongolians, Ma
lays and negroes who inhabit them. For
his part he deemed it inexpedient, unwise
and unjust that we should do this thing.
"We are^asked." said he, "to go 7000
miles fronr our shores to grasp ,and hold
; as subjects eight million people by force
of arms and to hold the land until the
American people shall decide what dis
position is to be made of them. 1 do not
believe the body of the American people
understand the significance of this treaty.
I do not believe that some Senators who
are crying to us to ratify the treaty un
derstand it. Tho treaty fixes the policy
of the Government. What may be done
afterward is merely clerical detail. The
treaty is a thoroughfare over which eight
millions of American citizens will march
into this Union. It is the marriage of na
tions. Henceforward and forever the Fili
pinos and Americans will be one. I trust
yet. before the marriage is consummated,
| the spirit of American constitutional lib
! erty will arise and forbid the bans. What
is their relation to us that we should set
forth, knightlike, with lance in rest, to
rescue them? We cannot turn them back
| to Spain? The American people do not so
! treat those who were comrades on the field
• of battle. They have not yet attained the
1 dignity and power of. a nation. We can
not recognize the Filipino republic and
I come away from the islands. We have
! only to look skyward to see the birds of
! prey circling about, ready to descend upon
j those who are weak."
Daniel after reviewing the kind of peo
ple to be found in the Philippines, said
"This country stands to-day the fore
most nation in the world. Let her tread
with sure and steady step along her own
highways, respecting master and man.
Let her to the tempter of expansion to
day say. as he who stood upon the mount
I said, when the glories of the earth were
; stretched before him: 'Get thee behind
me, Satan.' "
i At the conclusion of Daniel's speech
i which had occupied three and a half
j hours, the Senate, at 5:10 p. m., on motion
of Davis, went into executive session, and
I soon afterward adjourned.
WASHINGTON. Feb . 3.— The con
troversy in the Senate over the vote
upon the various resolutions interpr^
tive of the peace treaty took an acute
turn late to-day. The opposition to a
vote first came from the friends of the
treaty, who held to the theory that it
could be ratified without compromise.
Those who apparently were then will
ing that a vote should be taken to-day
held an opposite view and absolutely
refused to agree to a time for taking a
vote.
The contest occurred in the executive
sesion. which did not occur until quarter
after 5 o'clock. The next hour and a
quarter was spent in a vain endeavor on
the one side to get an agreement to a date
for a vote upon the resolutions and on
the other in a more successful effort to
bring the day's session to a close without
allowing anything to be accomplished in
that direction.
The gallery doors had no sooner been
locked than Senator Davis, who had
taken his position at Senator Frye's seat,
immediately in front of the chair, prof
! fered the request of the treaty support
ers for unanimous consent, naming to
j morrow as the date of voting. He said
\ that the desire on his side of the cham
■ ber was that there should be an oppor
| tunity to vote upon the resolutions of a
i declaratory nature, all of which had been
offered by Senators who were opposed to
the treaty without a modification.
The opposition were prepared for the re
; quest but it did not fail to create some
i excitement. Simultaneous objections were
i made from three or four sources, but, as
if by common consent, to Senator Gorman
was left the task of making the principal
i statenent of the reasons for the opposi
tion. His main objection was based upon
the brief time that must intervene be
tween the time of taking the vote on the
I resolutions and the time fixed for voting
lon the treaty— 3 o'clock next Monday. An
; essential part of the demand of those
1 who desired a modification of the expres
i sion in the treaty was that the House as
well as the Senate must act upon the
! resolution. Manifestly it was too late to
secure a vote by the House, even if the
! action of the Senate should be favorable.
; Hence the absurdity of the proposition.
He for one would object and he had no
doubt that others would feel as he did.
So long as there had been any possibility
| of securing a vote in both houses of Con
i gress the members of the Senate who op
. posed the treaty in its present form had
made no opposition. But to consent to a
i vote upon the question at this late hour
| would create the impression that the op-
I ponents of the treaty had been posing for
j effec* and had allowed themselves to be
fricked. either ignorantly or knowingly.
Senators Cockrell and Bacon also
' avowed their opposition to fixing a time
for a vote, placing their opposition on
i grounds practically the same as those
lof Gorman. Each was inclined to charge
1 bad faith. Senator Cockrell gave notice
I that he would resist any effort for a vote
upon the resolutions up to 3 o'clock Mon-
I day, when the vote on the treaty must be
The friends of the treaty declared that
i they were acting in perfect good faith.
The objectors stood firm, however, to
the last, refusing to yield. These objec
tions were, of course, effective, and the
treaty supporters turned their attention
to longer daily sessions of the Senate,
with the hope of exhausting debate and
thus forcing action on the resolutions
without unanimous consent being given.
Senator Davis therefore moved that the
Senate take a recess until 10 o'clock to
morrow. He was met with a motion by
i Senator Gorman to adjourn, and on this
motion the ayes and noes were ordered.
Mr. Davis and his coworkers resisted
the adjournment motion, and It was de
l feat<rd by a margin of only one vote, the
ballot resulting 24 ayes to 2> noes. A vote i
1 was immediately ordered for a motion for <
a recess until 11 o'clock to-morrow. A
number of the opposition refrained from
voting, and the rollcall developed the ab
rf.nce cf a Quorum. The hands of the
Senate clock then indicated 6:30. None
of the Senators had had their dinners.
Hence Senator Davis himself moved an
nljournment, which motion carried with
out a division The vote on adjou-.nment
was not considered in any sense as a test,
as many of the Senators, and e-spooially
of the suppoittr? of the treaty, had lel't
the chamber bffore the ballot was taken.
SERIOUS STATE OF
THE COLON STRIKE
Request Made for the Dispatch of a
Man-of-War to Protect British
Subjects.
COLON, Colombia. Feb. 3.— At Panama
the steamship strikers who were engaged
by the month had petitioned the Governor
to enforce payment of their wages up to
the date of the beginning of the strike,
; these having been withheld on the
| plea of breach of contract. A conference
i was held at the Governor's palace yester
day, attended by agents of the steamship
, company and the Panama Railroad, and
! it was agreed to increase the wages 2
'. per cent in silver per day, as well as to
make the payment of arrears asked for
in the petition. Nevertheless the strike
continues, the strikers demanding a dol
lar in gold. The steamer Advance arrived
Or INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im*
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers. Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
la Cerreipondiag Witt lay if tte Ti&mmtmg Finn X. M , Jfntin "Tat CVL"
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
WM- SCBOENlNG.^'^dw^' awn *
BELTINQ.
Ln riCfiCV Manufacturer of Beitln? nnd
r. ULULI, Lhco Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St.. cor.' Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
' W. J. BRADY, Proprietor.
Special 'Attention • Paid :to Repairs and Snip
. Work."
Office an* 113-115 MISSION ST.
J ...;.' ■'/;: Telephone Main 60*5.
. BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
TBE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Oeary Street, Above Powell.
' ■'?. : : .-- Periodicals.' Books and Stationery.
CARRIAOE MAKERS.
O'BDIEV £ -Makers and Dealers In
U DKlLll a Landaus. Hacks. Victorias.
Carts and Buggies. ■ Golden Gate aye. and Polk
St.. San Francisco. ■ - : ' ■- ■
• COAL. : COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
WOO BATTERY STREET..
Telephone Main 1564.
COPPERSMITHS. . .
SANDERS 4 CO., . practical coppersmiths,
soft's of sheet copper and tubing. Improved con-
tinuous stills, etc. 415 Mission it., near First;
all work guaranteed. '
DRUGGISTS WHOLESALE .
REDIN6TON & CO. co 5 n t d a a n 4-
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lIS : RAVFC * fil • Shipping Butchers. 104
JA3« DUIEJ Q Ml,, Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS.
ft 1 1 &I A S Hunters' -• Equipments. Fishing
111 I IVY Tackle. AthleUc Goods, etc. Send
UUIIIJ or catalogve. GEO. W. SHREYB,
wvsiw to Market street. '
to-day with fifty laborers at Fortuna
Island.
KINGSTON. Jamaica. Feb. 3.— The Brit
ish Consul at Colon, Colombia, it Is re
ported here to-night, has cabled the Gov
ernor-in-Chief and Captain General of
Jamaica, Sir Augustus Hemming, request
ing that a British man-of-war be dis
patched to Colon to protect British sub
jects and property there. This appeal
tends to confirm previous private advices
that the lives of inoffensive foreign resi
dents are endangered through the indis
criminate attempts of the Colombian sol
diery to suppress the strikers and through
the threatened retaliatory efforts of the
dockmen and railway employes, which
yesterday threatened to precipitate a san
guinary crisis.
TROOPS FROM CUBA.
They Will Be Brought Back as Rap
idly as Possible.
NEW- YORK. Feb. 3.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: It Is the in
tention of the administration to bring the
troops back from Cuba as rapidly as pos
sible before the rainy season opens. It
is probable that if the Cuban insurgents
disband and order is restored the force
will be considerably reduced by April. All
will depend upon the success of the au
thorities in restoring order.
Confirmed by the Senate.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 3.-The Senate In
executive session confirmed Colonel John
H. Patterson, Twentieth Infantry, to be
brigadier general and James Fuller Me-
Kinley to be second lieutenant of cav
alry.
■ HARDWARE.
DALACE Hardware Co.. lmporters 8 Dealers
* in Hardware. 603 Market.. TeL Main 752.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry. Morton & He die*. Proas«
234 Fremont St. Castings of Erery De. -
scription Made to Order. TeL Black 1503.
PAPER DEALERS.
WILLAMETTE PU LP AND paper CO..
If ILLMITir. II C 722 Montgomery Street.
PRINTINO.
■EX HUGHES, £S™U.
STATIONER AND PRINTER
Te^, phIc PARTRIDGE -gat
TBE BICKS-JDDD CO., £££» «,'
TYPEWRITERS.
2^ AH Typewriters Rented.
S^S^H Few partly used for sale cheap.
[BWI s AGENTS SMITH PREMIER.
4g2gflm L - &M. ALEXANDER.
~~^*mS^^ 110 Montgomery street.
WALLPAPER.
WHOLESALE & retail; send for samples, stat-
ing quality & color. DUFFT CO.. 92S Howard.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Forwarding Agents and Public Weighers. G._-
eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. Gen-
eral office. HO California st. Tel. Main 1914.
WATCHES. ETC. ;
Tl IlimV Ht-adquarters lor fine Jewelry and
• Ltnul. .-i is-k. -Wedding Rings. 4 3d su
WHITE AS STEAM COAL.
- • Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. at Its
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES.
la the Best Coal In the Market.
Offlc* and Yard*— Mala Street.
I ■!■ ti i ■11 Hi ■■!! >iir«iiiirim ii in iiim mi h i JBT^^^mß
56
, URDAY FEBRUARY 4, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F- i
Telephone Main ISGB.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stev«n»on Street
Telephone Main 1871
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Sirgle Copies. S cents
Terms by Hall. Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), one year fO.OO
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 3 months 1.50
SUNDAY CALL, one year 1.50
WEEKLY CALL, one year 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room ISB. World Building
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Ri*ft« House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o l clock.- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clocK- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larßln street, open until 9OG o'clock..
I9AI Mission street, open until 10 oclocK- 2291 Market
6treet. corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2618
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
etreet. open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock- j
/,MU fc.Mfc.NTa.
Columbia— "The Idol's Eye."
California— "Why Smith Left Home."
Alcazar— "Peaceful Valley."
Tivoll— "La Perlchole." "•»■
Orpheurr.— Vaudeville.
Comedy — "Spider and Fly" Sunday nlgbt.
Chutes and Zoo— Pianka, the "Lady of Lions."
. Olympla — Corner Maaon and Ellis streets. Specialties.
Central Park— The Steeplechase.
Sherman - Clay Hall— Conceit this afternoon.
Metropolitan Temple— Piano Recital Monday evening, Feb-
ruary 6. .
Y. M. C. A. Auditorium, Oakland — Shakespearean Recital
Tuesday, February <•
Oakland Race Track— Races To-day. I
THE PERFIDY OF WRIGHT.
ONE point in connection with the retirement of
Howard E. Wright from the Speakership of
the Assembly can scarcely have failed to at
tract the attention of observing persons.
An investigating committee reported that. Mr.
Wright had accepted money from Ulysses S. Grant
upon an implied promise to support him for United
States Senator. The transaction was denounced by
the investigators as immoral and subversive of Legis
fativc decency. The report was adopted by the As
sembly after debate, and therefore stands as the de
liberate conclusion of that body. Yet Mr. Wright is
allowed to resign the Speakership, resume his place j
upon the floor of the House and take the positions
upon committees which have been occupied by the
man who succeeded him as Speaker.
Naturally the reflection to which all this gives rise ',
is not calculated to reflect much credit upon the mem- !
bers who have ratified Wright's reinstatement. If
the disgraced Speaker is not sufficiently honest and
virtuous to preside over the Assembly, by what
process of reasoning can the Assembly conclude that •
he is fit to occupy a place upon the floor where he
may vote for the passage of laws and participate gen
erally in the deliberations of the House?
It seems to us that an Assembly which will permit
such a compromise as has here evidently been made
is a weak and thoughtless body. There is nothing
Spartan in accepting the resignation of Wright and
then continuing to associate with him. If Wright is
the boodler and confidence operator which the inves
tigating committee reported him to be he ought to
be expelled from the Assembly and sent into private
life with all the obloquy possible heaped upon him.
It is a farce to mete out such punishment as the As
sembly has decided adequate for his offenses.
Members of the Assembly should, however, note
that this proceeding is not going to end with the ad
journment of the present Legislature. Thousands of
Republicans throughout California have reached a |
state of disgust upon the Senatorial subject which is j
rapidly changing their political tendencies. If the \
Republican party desires to continue in power in this
State it cannot through its representatives palliate
such moral crimes as have been committed by How- j
aid E. Wright. A political organization which will j
not maintain its self-respect in the presence of the in
fluences which were exerted to save this miserable
reprobate cannot hope to receive much consideration
at the hands of the people when it asks for a re-lease
cf power.
0N INEFFECTIVE COMMISSION.
PERHAPS the time has not arrived for passing
final judgment on the conduct of the Union
Savings Bank of San Jose, but it is certain that
there are such indications of rottenness as recall the
shameful history of the McDonalds, father and sons.
It would appear that depositors had been robbed,
funds loaned reckless of security, and thousands
wasted in chimerical schemes. All this has a familiar
sound. Where a bank should have been a financial
stay to the community it has been the means of caus
ing distress to many and actual ruin to others, some
of the sufferers being wholly innocent.
There is a Bank Commission, and at this juncture
a question arises as to what it is for. Assuredly the
body in this instance has fallen far short of the
measure of duty. It examined the now closed insti
tution last December, and pronounced its affairs in
good condition, whereas they were really in a des
perate condition, and the bankers had even before re
sorted to extraordinary means to delay the evil day
of collapse which they must have known to be near
at hand.
If a commission authorized to subject the books
and accounts of any bank to the closest scrutiny can
go through the form of doing so and emerge from
the experience utterly befooled as to the real status
of the concern, the commission is useless and might
as well be abolished. It is a high-priced and super
fluous ornament. The best work of a police force is
not always in catching a thief, but in preventing a
theft, and analogous to this should be the work of a
Bank Commission. It should be a guard between
the depositor and the knavery or incompetency of
the man handling the deposit. When it is anything
less, its purpose is unaccomplished and its existence
vain.
If the anti-cartoon bill is going through, the able
artists of the press ought to work overtime until the
fatal day.
Nobody has yet suggested that the cold spell -at the
East was due to the recent meeting of Miles and
Eagan.
Brandes did not get a change of venue, but if it is
justice he wants he can get it right in Oakland.
COLONIAL GOVERNMENT.
SENATOR PLATT of Connecticut, in his
speech for imperialism, declared this Govern
ment, as a whole, to be a sovereignty, with all
the powers thereof, and that those powers were
limited by the constitution only when they are exer
cised within the United States. This being true, his
contention is that in providing colonial government
for tropical islands, in the West and East Indies we
may do by them just as we please, because the con
stitution has neither granted nor taken away the
powers necessary in the Federal Government to be
exercised on distant and alien people, fallen into our
ownership by conquest or the fortunes ot war.
This statement is absolutely true. The Senator has
therein laid the proper foundation for a system of
colonial government unknown to the constitution
and to exercise powers not granted by that instru
ment to the Government which it created.
It is also true that there, is no check upon such
exercise of the authority of the Federal Government,
except the public opinion of the people. We will not
be long embarked upon such an experiment before it
will be discovered that government of these tropical
colonies must be executive, that Congres cannot, in
regular or special session, attend to the issues which
will constantly arise in the unconstitutional govern
ment of those distant peoples. The President must
be the final authority and the actual ruler of those im
perial possessions. His authority will not be limited
one jot by the Federal constitution. Its sole measure
will be the extent of the necessity for his action. He
will be more independent than the Czar, who rests
under a coronation oath and certain principles of the
I empire that have grown into law since the reign of
Rurik. Here there will be no such principles, no
law, no limit. In the United States the President
will be a constitutional officer, subject to impeach
ment for a very slight deviation from the path laid
down for him to follow. Abroad, in our colonial em
pire, he will be an absolute monarch, an Oriental
despot, not pent nor controlled in the use of his
power, and backed by the awful strength of eighty
millions of people.
What American desires this duality of power and
official character in the President? Whenever and
wherever it has been tried the constitutional char
acter of the officer has yielded to the autocratic.
A Roman citizen was hedged about by all the
guarantees of the civil law. A provincial Roman
was subject to the will of the Roman politician who
happened to be set over him as a reward for partisan
services. Under the Roman system, which finally
destroyed that republic, the provinces and conquered
countries contributed to the growth of greaf fortunes
in the hands of their Governors, which in turn were
used in politics in Rome to perpetuate the profits
of the provincial officers. At last freedom fell in that
tepublic by injection of the poison of unlimited
power.
There rises now in this country a justifiable outcry
against the seizure of the Senatorial office by men
who have enriched themselves by some form of gov
ernmental favor and privilege. If they extract these
fortunes from our own people and use them in do
mestic politics, what is to be expected when a dis
tant people, unsheltered by the constitution, are the
victims, and our domestic politics may be controlled
as easily as now?
The claim for imperialism made by Senator Platt
is the best reason for refusing to enter upon that
poliry.
However strongly the Morehouse bill for the
slaughter of newspaper men may commend itself to
the Senatorial intelligence, it is destined not to go
through without amendment. For instance. Stratton
wants a closed season of twenty days, which is kind
and thoughtful. This would give the surviving jour
nalist a chance to lay aside his buUet-proof shirt, and
the Morehouses a chance to count their dead and
clean up their weapons. We would suggest that the
measure would be more nearly perfect if instead of
merely authorizing the statesmen to kill it offer a
rewaid for the scalps of the slain.
CONSULAR SALARIES.
SOMETHING of encouragement for the advo
cates of an improved Consular service has been
afforded by the vote in the Senate increasing
the salaries of a considerable number of Consular at
taches. It would have been better if the whole sub
ject had been thoroughly revised, but in the lack of
that revision it is gratifying that at least some of the
more flagrant instances of underpay are now in a fair
way to be remedied.
When attention was directed to the parsimony of
the appropriations providing salaries for the Con
sular officers Senator Hale, chairman of the Appro
priations Committee, stated that the committee had
not given the subject of salaries any thorough con
sideration and suggested that the Committee of For
eign Relations take up the question and make some
recommendation. The suggestion is not a bad one,
and it is to be hoped it will be eventually acted upon
and an adequate pay for all branches and departments
of the service be provided.
Without waiting for such reference of the issue the
Senate proceeded at once to deal with some of the
salaries reported in the bill and raised a considerable
number of them. There was some opposition, of
course. Senator Cockrell of Missouri, for example,
declared the present salaries to be ample, and by way
of proving his assertion asked: "Have you ever
known any applicant for Consulships to object to the
saliaries before taking office?"
To such argument as was contained in that sar
castic question Senator Gallinger answered: "Sena
tors receive $5000 a year. Many others would take
the position for half that sum. Some men in Mon
tana and other States, judging from accounts in the
newspapers, are willing to pay a bonus for a seat in
this body. But that is no reason why Senators should
not receive decent salaries; nor is it a reason why
some of the young men abroad should not be paid
proper salaries. Some of these salaries are meanly
inadequate. Our Consular servic is verging in this
respect upon what I deem disgraceful. '
With the increase, of the products of our indus
tries, the. demand for new markets and the extension
of commerce, the importance of the Consular service
increases. We must rely largely upon the work of
our Consuls and their clerks and attaches to assist in
the promotion of our trade with foreign nations.
That work cannot be efficiently performed ty incom
petent men, nor will it be performed well By discon
tented men. Good men and good pay are as neces
sary in that as in any other department of the Govern
ment, "and the surest way to obtain the one is to pro
vide the other.
Alameda soldiers got no more welcome than an or
dinary boatload of commuters. Alameda feels
ashamed now, and it ought to.
One of the hardest knocks the expansion policy
has to combat is the steady advocacy of Dick Croker.
Nevertheless the time for Senator Morehouse to
get his gun has not arrived.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 4. 1899.
THE LATE SENATOR BOGGS.
THE death of Senator Boggs impressively draws
to the public attention his close relation to the
bitth and growth of this commonwealth and the
deep historical importance of the class of citizens of
whom he was a noted representative. The men who,
by land or by sea, reached our soil in 1849 were ex
ceptionally gifted. They combined intellect, educa
tion, enterprise and character beyond any similar mi
gration, not even excepting the passengers by the
Mayflower, and they have made the pioneers of Cali
fornia known and honored throughout the world.
Many of them have attained national and even inter
national distinction, and so many great lives have
never before sprung from so insignificant a number.
The most important service rendered to the country
and to humanity, however, by this select body of
American citizens has undoubtedly been their work
in the founding and in the building of a State that
seems destined to become the center of American
civilization in its highest and most permanent form.
Among the manifestations of power and of energy j
that enter into history this is the most useful and the j
most enduring.
Senator Boggs was broad enough to comprehend
his country and yet concentrated in his devotion to
California. Intellectual, educated, at once logical
and practical, thorough in everything he undertook,
combining enterprise, perseverance and patience in
just proportions, dignified and yet accessible, refined
and therefore plain and simple in his address and in
his manners, careful in deliberation and sound in .
judgment, prudent and exact but generous within the ]
limits of justice, he was of the best type of manhood
and of citizenship. He came here to stay, and drew
from the lavish wealth of nature a prosperity that in
jured no man and benefited not only himself but our
entire population. He established and maintained a
home; where plenty and happiness reigned, and thus
became an examplar of the best American society.
He was a farmer and a fruit-grower on a large and j
diversified scale, and in these occupations employed j
modern inventions and the highest skill and system. 1
He used his knowledge and his experience for the J
common good through local and State organizations. !
He was conspicuous in clean politics and served the i
people faithfully in many public capacities, not for
money or to gratify ambition, but to improve his fel
low citizens and to reduce the destructive forces of
crime and of lunacy. He was officially connected
with both of our universities, and effectively aided the
cause of higher education.
Such men as John Boggs are the salt of the earth.
They constitute the antidote for the gambling specu
lators and foul-hearted politicians infesting American
communities, who live on vices and weaknesses, who
consume but never produce, and whose entire in
fluence is corrupting, lowering and degrading. It is
well for the State and for the nation that the deceased
Senator was not companionless, and that there still
remain with us pioneers and many other citizens
completely identified with our substantial interests
and our enduring progress, and some of almost im
perial opulence, who pour back their riches into the
land that nourished them, and in peace or in war, in
adversity or in prosperity, remain American in heart,
American in thought, and American in conduct.
SO absorbed are the American people in their
own prosperous business or in the considera
tion of political problems, it will be surprising
to many to learn there is now raging in Russia a
famine of extreme degree and wide extent. It has
reached such large proportions, according to all re
ports, that some authorities are of the opinion that
the earnest efforts of the Czar to bring about a diminu
tion of the armies of Europe are prompted mainly by
the need of money to relieve the stricken districts of
his empire.
A European correspondent of the Pittsburg Dis
patch, in giving an account of the situation, says:
"The official reports admit that no less than nineteen
provinces, with a population of 40,000,000. are af
fected by the famine, and it is worthy of note that
the sufferers comprise not merely the peasantry, but
likewise the landed gentry and territorial nobility,
who in many instances are seeking and obtaining
Government and even private relief. In fact, the
barine and the moujik are alike reduced to begga*s,
and, terrible as was the famine of 1891-92, the present
one far exceeds it in horror."
The writer goes on to say that the lack of pasturage
and forage has been so disastrous that even in many
agricultural districts not directly affected by the
famine 80 per cent of the rural population is without
horses or cattle, and therefore without means to plow
their lands. In the famine districts hunger typhus has
broken out among the people, and there are grave
fears that during the coming summer Russia will
have a plague almost as appalling as that which
swept over India in the wake of the famine in that
country a few years ago.
While these reports may be somewhat exaggerated,
it is not unlikely that the destitution is great. The
Russians are a poor people. They have very little
stored wealth, and the failure of a crop means not
merely hard times, as in the United States, but ac
tual misery and starvation. It is, therefore, not to be
wondered the Czar desires to reduce his army and
hasten the construction of railroads and canals that
will open up rich grain-growing regions to his starv
ing people. The days when the tribes of Asia and
Eastern Europe could march out of a famine country
and invade a fruitful one have gone by. It is not
by war, but industry, that Russia must seek salvation
now, and it is fortunate for her that she has rulers
wise enough to know the truth and to act upon it.
Grove Johnson wants the heirs of a convicted mur
derer who died in prison while awaiting a second
trial to be paid $10,000. Oddly enough he asks that
the State hand over this sum, although for him to
hand it over out of his private purse would be just
as reasonable and far more generous.
The Governor of Vermont filled the vacancy in
the Federal Senatorship of that State occasioned by
the death of Senator Merrill by the appointment of
Jonathan Ross, Chief Justice of the Supreme Court
of that State. Here is a suggestion for our Legis
lature fhat it is unlikely to adopt.
. An exchange publishes as the portraits of three
tough girls a trio of handsome faces which might
well belong to well-bred university students. Yet
there are statesmen who would suppress the artist
as one prone to distort and malign.
It is a good thing for Kipling that he is once more
in this country. The English stories he has been
writing lately show that he is running short on in
spiration.
Perhaps if Judge Treadwell were to expel more of
the chronic loafers from his department he would
not find the air of the place so debilitating.
San Jose seems to be having experience with an
almost McDonald style of banking.
THE FAMINE IN RUSSIO.
ARE ACCUSED
OF LAYING PIE
CRUST BITUMEN
Charge Made Against
Contractors.
MAYOR PHELAN tS INFORMED
REAL ESTATE OWNERS' ASSO
CIATION IS WATCHFUL.
Has Engaged an Expert to Examine
Into the Work Done by the
City Improvement
Company.
+♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
"Honorable Mayor James D. Phe
lan—Dear Sir: It has come to the
knowledge of some of the mem
bers of the executive committee
of the Real Estate Owners' Asso
ciation that the concrete work now
being done on Market street be
tween Sixth street and Van Ness
avenue is not being done in accord
ance with the contract and speci
fications, -viz. :
"The basalt rocks are being laid
upon four inches of sand, with only
three or four inches of concrete
underneath. The roadway is only
having four or five inches of con
crete instead of nine inches, and
the mixture is only about one-half
i + of the cement. +
! + "We have had one load examined, +
+ and watched the proportions of +
+ mixture, which is seventy-five cubic +
+ feet of rock and sand to one barrel -f
+ of cement, which would be in the +
-f proportion of about 1 to 21, instead +
. + of 1 to 8. Very respectfully, +
+ "EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE REAL +
> ESTATE OWNERS' ASSOCIA- +
♦ TION." ♦
♦ ♦
The above communication has been pre
pared for transmission to the city's chief j
executive by Secretary Albert Jeffreys of
the Real Estate Owners' Association. It 1
is based on a personal examination made
by an expert engaged by the executive
committee of the association and is sent
to the Mayor for the purpose of compell
ing the contractors who are laying the
bitumen to live up to specifications.
The Real Estate Owners' Association is
composed of lead g citizens of this city
and has on its executive committee such
well-known men as Thomas Ashworth, '
J. K. Pryor, J. TV. Finn, A. M. Speck. J. |
A. Bergerot, Dr. C. S. Mann, E. E. Laddie,
George W. Haight, W. W. Campbell, J.
W. Flynn, B. H. Lichtensteln, Calvin
Ewing, Captain W. J. Bryan, Daniel
Grenninger and A. F. Lejeal. The asso
ciation was formed to secure just taxa- 1
tion, improvements of streets, uniform ;
sprinkling of streets with salt water and
I to consider all subjects tending to pro- :
mote the welfare of real estate in the city |
and county of San Francisco
When it came to the knowledge of the
I association that the City Improvement
Company was not carrying out its con- j
tract a well-known expert was employed
to critically examine the work. He did so ,
and reported back that the specifications !
were not being lived up to.
Mr. Bergerot, a member of the execu- I
tive committee, was seen last evening and
I said that the association's representa
• tive was a competent investigator. Mr.
; Bergerot further stated that the associa
tion would take no further steps in the
matter: that its auty was accomplished
when the city authorities were Informed
of the dereliction.
A meeting of the association will be
held on Monday evening next in the office ,
of A. M. Speck & Co. It is understood !
! that the Mayor will be in attendance and
! discuss with the members matters per
; taining to the welfare of the city.
CORRIDORS.
A. Berg of Portland is at the California.
Charles G. Dormer of Fresno is at the
Grand.
I. J. Spenser of lowa Hill is a guest at
the Lick.
G. H. Andrews of Detroit is registered
at the Palace.
D. G. Roberts and wife of Los Angeles
are at the Grand.
L. S. and Charles Roth of Cincinnati
are guests at the Palace.
H. B. Chase and Isl Jacobs of Portland
are staying at the Grand.
L. R. Jones, a banker of Salt Lake City,
is a guest at the Occidental.
T. M. Schumacher, a photographer of
Los Angeles, is at the Palace.
D. J. Straus and wife of San Antonio,
Tex., are guests at the Grand.
Captain S. H. Morrison of Santa Clara
Is registered at the California.
C. W. Harman of New York was among
the arrivals at the Palace yesterday.
Alexander Brown of Milton, a member
of the State Board of Equalization, is
at the Lick.
John D. Spreckels started for the East
last evening on a business trip. He will
be gone several weeks.
George B. Harris, vice president of the
Burlington Railway, is at the Palace. He
is accompanied by his brother, John F.
Harris, and Robert Forsyth and George
Manierre, all of Chicago. The entire
party ia here for pleasure.
Benjamin Warfield Brown and wife and
William Brown, accompanied by their
nieces, Mrs. May and Miss Priscilla Hitt,
all of Springfield. 111., are at the Califor
nia. They are all relatives of General R.
H. Warfleld, and are here merely for
pleasure, having arrived from Coronado
yesterday.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Feb. 3.-F. S. Poland of
San Francisco is at the Normandie. C. C.
Moore of San Francisco is at the Shore
ham.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Feb. 3.-Harry C. Lath
rop of San Francisco is at the Bartholdi.
WILL DISCUSS GAINES' LAW.
Probable Animated Meeting of the
Wheelmen's Association
To-Night.
The regular monthly meeting of the
board of governors of the California As
sociated Cycling Clubs will be held this
evening at 562 Parrott building, the rooms
of the Cycle Board of Trade.
From all the talk that has been going
around in wheeling circles since the last
meeting the gathering to-night will be a
woTdy war from the rap of the president's
gavel. The bone of contention is an
amendment passed at the last meeting
permitting any member of the association
no matter where he resides, to ride in any :
open, club or team event held under the
auspices of the association. This is the
now famous Games amendment.
What the opposition are trying to get
through is a change ol the wording so
that no man can ride in the relay or
twenty-mile events unless he has resided
in the city from which his club comes at
least sixty days prior to the race. For in
stance, the twenty-mile comes in sum
mer, and yet if a rider were to go on his
vacation away from his abiding place any
time sixty days befor% the race, he would
be ineligible to ride. ', „»
The forces back of the Galnesamend
ment are led by the Bay City Wheelmen
The Olympic Wheelmen are managing the
opposition fight. There will, doubtless be
a full meeting and a hot time to-night.
Wheelmen are looking forward with
considerable pleasurable anticipation to
the fourteenth annual ball of the Bay
City Wheelmen, which will take place
next Wednesday night in the maple room
of the Palace Hotel. Preside nt Fahr b acn
states that it willbe one of t£e most elab
orate entertainments »" the history of the
club. Eddie C. Bald, the champion short
distance rider of the world who is known
as the Beau Brummel of c> ?o
the guest of honor, and may be induced to
from the members.
SHOULD BUY HERE.
Efforts to Have Government Supplies
Purchased in the West.
Several weeks ago the officers of the
Chamber of Commerce communicated
with Senator Perkins asking him to use
his influence in getting the department
officials at Washington to purchase the
supplies for the army and navy of the
Pacific on this coast; also to assist Mr.
Goodwin, manager of the local Manufac
turers' and Producers' Association, in
his endeavor to have the supplies for the
Indian reservations of the est .. b ? l ug - h I V
in this State, instead of having them all
purchased in the East and sent West.
Yesterday the following reply was re
ceived from the Senator:
"I am in receipt of your telegram or
January 24 and have placed it before the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs with a
request that purchases be made in Cali
fornia. I will gladly co-operate with Mr.
Goodwin in this matter. I would state
that the Government has during the past
year made purchases amounting to $10,
--000 000 in California and other Pacific
Coast States, and has expressed several
times its intention to purchase there
everything possible for the use of the
army and navy on the Pacific."
WEATHER RECORDS
SMASHED AGAIN
THE MERCURY BEATS HISTORY
SEVEN DEGREES.
Greatest Range in Temperature and
About the Lowest — Killing
Frosts »t the Heels of
Recent Heat.
The weather has made another sensa
tional record, as It did last week. A week
ago Thursday was the hottest January
; day San Francisco had ever known, with
the mercury up to 78 degrees in the shade,
while the whole State was bathed on phe
nomenally hot sunshine. Then it started
In to show its versatility, and it has
! proved it by beating the greatest previ
! ous January range of temperature seven
i degrees. When It suddenly started to cool
! off early in the week it soon gave the
j coldest weather of the season.
Yesterday morning the thermometer
| stood at 37 degrees, which, except for one
phenomenal day eleven years ago, was
i within one degree of the lowest tempera
j ture shown by the records since 1871, when.
; the record began.
This was a drop of forty-one degrees in
i about a week. The greatest winter range
I in the city's meterological history had
been thirty-four degrees in 1888. so that
! the range record has been beaten seven
I degrees.
In seven previous years the January
minimum has fallen as low. In 1880 it was
1 also 37. In the years 1876, 1883, 1890, 1893
and 1894 the lowest was 36, one degree
colder. The phenomenon" of the record is
■ 29 degrees in 1888. In 1873 the lowest was
46 aftd the minimum is generally in the
! 40' S.
"Cold, very cold/ said Forecaster Will
son, "anil it's going to stay cold for all I
1 can see."
This cold snap is in a sense the fringe
of the big freezing blizzard that is raging
in the Colorado region. There's a big
"high" all over the West, and the cold
winds are coming over the mountains
into the State from the east and north.
Yesterday evening it was 12 below zero in I
Wyoming, 24 below at Helena, and simi
larly frigid all over the Northwest.
In this State It has got down to the
freezing point at Sacramento, Fresno and
other interior points, and wherever it did
not happen to be cloudy the frosts that
had been feared crisped leaf and bud, and
were the sort officially known as "killing
frosts."
"There will be 'killing frosts' pretty
generally over the State to-night," said
Mr. Willson last evening, "and possibly
still more severe through there being
less cloudiness. The resulting damage
will depend on how far advanced the fruit
buds are. My reports on this point are so
conflicting that it Is too early to say much
that is definite, but there Is a possibility
of much damage."
This Week's Wasp.
This week's Wasp contains a variety of
attractive illustrations scattered through
its pages, and its budget of comment on
local and national events is witty and in
teresting reading. The cover cartoon,
"The Necessity of the Hour," depicts a
legislative machine that seems to be much
needed at Sacramento. The recent furor
in Oakland over the bibulous habits that
obtain with some of that city's gentler
members of society comes in for a fling,
"To Drink or Not to Drink," in verse,
and "A Barrack-room Ballad" is indicted
to Messrs. Eagan and Alger\ which re
lates "The Rotten, Stinking Story of the
Rotten, Stinking Beef," after the catchy
style of Kipling. The Wasp's school of
yellow journalism gives some inside in
formation about the methods of yellow
artists; Teresa Doane, in "Social Side
Lights," relates some gossip from Sacra
mento, and a couple of stories of the we^k
that were told in club circles. "Why
Smith Left Home" is explained by Touch
stone in humorous vein. R. A. Luchesl
contributes some of his always interesting
musical comment, and a couple of good
tales are told in the "Lend Me Your Ear"
column. The sketches are particularly
good and the half-tone illustrations very
beautiful. The middle page half-tone car
toon, drawn by Gordon Ross, with ac
companying verses by the "Yellow Jour
nalist,' 1 portrays "Ye Ancient Robber
Baron and His Successor, the Yellow
Journalist." who plies his pen with v
much success as did his prototype the
sword in corraling Colonel Mazuma.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS,
KANSAS CITY-J. R. S., city. Kansas
City is in Missouri. There is no place of
that name in the State of Kansas, but
there 1b a Kansas Center.
MEAT INSPECTORS— G. F. 8., city.
There are nine United States Inspectors
of Meats at the slaughter house in San
Francisco and all are under civil service
rules.
F. O. B.— Anambulus, French Camjj,
Cal. The initials "f. o. b." used in trade
quotations mean "free on board;" that is,
the goods are shipped at the expense of
the seller.
WATCH AT THE SEPULCHER— J. M.
W., City. Persons desiring the name of
the author of a poem should -furnish the
first line of the poem, as in books of ref
erence poems are indexed by the first line
and not by the title.
A ClTlZEN— Anambulus, French Camp,
Cal. The son of an alien is a native of the
country in which he was bora and at the
age of majority he may elect if he will
become a citizen of the country in which
he was born or of that of his father.
AN ANNUITT-G. P., City. In life in
surance parlance "a simple annuity poli
cy" provides that in consideration of the
payment at one time of a specified gross
sum the company will pay to the annuit
ant a stipulated sum annually, either tor
a stated term or during life. A "sur
vivorship annuity policy," sometimes tak
en by one partner for another by a debtor
for a creditor, and otherwise for a busi
ness security, guarantees the payment of
a stated sum. to the person named by the
person taking the policy, during the"peri
od in which the nominee survives the in
sured. As this department does not ad
vise any one as to investments it cannot
answer the other questions embraced in
your letter of inquiry. You can obtain
the information through Insurance com
panies.
AGRICULTURAL
POSSIBILITIES
IN PHILIPPINES
S. A. Knapp Considers
Them Unlimited.
FORTUNES EASY TO MAKE
SOUi OF iHE ISLANDS PRODUC
TIVE OF EVERY PRODUCT.
This Is the Report of the Represen
tative of the Secretary of Agri
culture Who Has Been Mak
ing Investigations.
S. A. Knapp, probably the largest and
best known sugar man in the United
States, certainly the leader of that indus
try in the State of Louisiana, is a guesl
at the Occidental Hotel. Mr. Knapp ar
rived yesterday from the Orient, where
he has been for some time past, making
expert researches into the agricultural
possibilities of that part of the world, in
fulfillment of a mission which he accept
ed from the Washington Government last
spring.
Mr. Knapp was requested by the Secre
tary of Agriculture to cross the Pacific,
thoroughly acquaint himself with all per
taining to the department of agriculture
and return with a report which might
serve as an intelligent basis for the Sec
retary to work on. While. in the East Mr.
Knapp visited Manila and looked over
the new field presented for American en
terprise, v
He says that the Philippine Islands pre
sent vast possibilities for those who have
a moderate capital to invest, but are no
place for those to go who are obliged to
depend on their hands for their liveli
hood. Skilled mechanics will do well
there at present, but even the demand for
skilled labor is limited, and consequently
the openings for craftsmen are not many
in' number.
Mr. Knapp considers the chances excel
lent in most lines of agricultural pursuit.
The islands, he says, contain thousands
upon thousands of virgin acres that need
only the touch of the husbandman's plow
to bring forth rice, sugar, cotton, coffee,
indigo, copra — in fact, every product pos
sible in the tropics— in such profusion a3
to, in a few years, make a young, indus
trious man comparatively independent.
"These islands," said Mr. Knapp, "are
of wonderful fertility and can produce
anything possible in those latitudes.
Naturally, while I did my best to collect
all the general information I could while
there, yet, as a practical sugar man, I
was most Interested in that particular ar
ticle.
"For the growing and manufacture of
sugar the Philippine Islands present a
field that cannot be surpassed, and the
opportunities for money-making in this
direction are enormous.
"The soil and climatic conditions of the
islands are particularly adapted to the
cultivation of sugar cane. In our country
It is only possible to grow cane nine
months in the year. The weather in Lu
zon and the other islands is such that the
cane will need comparatively little atten
tion. It can be left standing in the earth
throughout the year, with the result that
when cut it will contain a larger percent
age of saccharine substance and produce
much more to the acre. The only reason
this has not been demonstrated before tc
the world is to be found in the unpro
gressiveness of the people. Their meth
ods were old a hundred years ago, and if
they can by the most crude methods pro
duce enough sugar for their immediate
■wants they desist in their labor and rest
themselves well content. For a young,
active, progressive American who has a
few dollars to invest in land and machin
ery and a few more with which to pay for
his labor and other incidental expenses,
I see no better opening than the sugar
business in the Philippines."
Mr. Knapp also said he had looked into
the reported mineral wealth of the coun
try with the result that he is fully con
vinced that the islands will upon investi
gation be found to be exceedingly rich in
deposits of gold, silver, lead, copper and
coal. He thinks that the islands should
be retained by the United States Govern
ment, both because they will be a good
paying investment and because he says
he can see no other way out of the dilem
ma In which the war has placed the Gov
ernment. As to the Filipinos themselves,
Mr. Knapp thinks they have afforded con
siderable assistance in one way. The gov
ernment of the Islands, as far as it re
lates to the domestic matters of the is
lands themselves, should be placed to a
great extent in Filipino hands. That care
ful and considerate diplomacy founded on
justice will do away with all serious trou
ble between the Filipinos and Americans
Mr. Knapp is quite certain. "There are
many smart men among these same Fili
pinos," said Mr. Knapp. "and while the
great mass of the native population are
ignorant and undeveloped, yet there are
quite enough men among their leaders
who are sufficiently advanced to take
care of themselves.
Mr. Knapp will soon leave for Washing
ton and as he stands high in the estima
tion of those in power his views may
have considerable weight toward framing
the policy which will be ultimately adopt
ed toward the inhabitants of Luzon and
the thousand-odd other islands which
have been presented to the United States
by Dewey and his jackies.
In the Divorce Courts.
Bianca H. Colombo has been granted a
divorce from her husband. Enrico C. C.
Colombo, on the ground of extreme
cruelty. Lyda White has sued Andrew
White for a divorce, alleging failure to
provide as a cause of action.
Cal. glace fruit soc per lb at Townsendt.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and pufhc men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Fell From a
John W. Lord, a carpenter, while at
work on the roof of a house at Bay and
Buchanan streets, yesterday morning, fell
to the ground and was severely injured.
He was taken to thp Receiving Hospital.
The most efficacious stimulant to sharpen th«
appetite is Dr. Siegerfs Angostura Bitters.
See that you get the genuine.
Stole Money From a Child.
Michael Enright. a big, burly man.
was yesterday held to answer before the
Superior Court by Acting Police Judge
Barry on the charge of grand larceny in
$2000 bonds. He forcibly took $3 from a
Chinese little girl on Clay street.
Baking Powder
Made from pure
cream of tartar.
Safeguards the food
against alum*
Alum baking powders are the greatest
menacers to health of the present day.
. WOYAt BAKINO POWOtB QO., NIW YORK.GUALALA ONCE
MORE UPSET
CALCULATIONS
Won Galiopingin Very
Fast Time.
STRONGCL! HAD NO SPEED
TOPMAo. FINISHED AHEAD OF
TORSIDA.
Five Favorites Reached the Wire in
Front— Horton Scored After a
Hard Struggle— Dr Ber
nays Homped In.
Five Favorites Reached the Wire in !
Front— Horton Scored After a
Hard Struggle— Dr Ber- ...
nays iComped In.
j
" It has just dawned on the racing pub
lic after her performance at Oakland yes- i
terday that Gualala is better than the '
average selling plater. Some days ago
this sprightly filly from Montana defeat- ;
ed Lava tor and others in fast time with
the ring laying 30 to 1 against her j
chances. But it seems the impression she :
made on that occasion was not a lasting
one. Yesterday she started in a six fur
long sprint and the ring offered as good j
a* 12 to I' against the Daly entry. Get
ting away second, Gaulala cut out a mer- !
ry pate and was "pushing on the bit" In !
1:139*. followed by Goal Runner and Rev
Hooker. Strongoli. the favorite, possessed ■
110 speed. The winner was again ridden I
by W. H. Martin.
This was the one big surprise of the !
afternoon, for in the other five events i
favorites carried off all the laurels. Spen
cer piloted three winners, his finished sad
■;■•■ work being a pleasant feature of the
sport.
■ Hlo Chico, the 3 to 5 choice," captured
the opening sprint over the Futurity
coyrse, but at the end was hard pressed
by the 100 to 1 shot. Con Dalton. The lat- '
ter, ridden by Jones, was interfered with
on the back stretch and then only beaten
a length.
The mile and a sixteenth selling affair
turned out only a gallop for Dr. Bernays. :
A 9 to 10 favorite, Dr. Rowell's horse won
In galloping fashion from Wyoming. New
Moon, a 100 to 1 shot, finished in the show.
The mile and a sixteenth purse run fol
lowed, with Topmast and Torsida closing '
equal favorites in the betting. Bullman,.
■on the latter, made hard work of it, al
lowing Spencer, on Topmast, to collar and
beat him out a length. Sent out in front
from the start, Torsida might have re
versed the order of things.
With Etta H out of the way the six
furlong scramble, fifth on the card, looked i
easy for Peixotto, which went to the post
. a 1 to 2 chance. The chesnut sprinter
{■truck the stretch first, w.hen Spencer
started in to rate him. This Is against !
his notion, and the 75 to 1 shot. Guilder, i
-.ridden by Turner, nearly downed the odds
on favorite, being but a head behind at I
the wire.
"Daggie" Smith's useful colt, Horton, |
took the last race of the day at seven
furlongs. An even money chance at post
time, it took hard riding on Turner's part
to return him winner, half a length be
fore '-'. on anus.
Track Notes.
D.in Denni.son is meeting with great
bs. Four wins out at a like number
- Is certainly an enviable record.
Guaiala i.s row Ciiap\a.ying better form
ever before during her racing
r.
Briar Sweet, acknowledged queen of
irf, will make her appearance for
time 'his season in the rich Pa-
• cine Union stake. Last year she was
- practically unbeatable, and it remains to
■ .be seen whether she will continue in her
' all-conquering career.
, Frank Jaubert is such a rank in and
outer that the judges yesterday ordered
his name placed on the proscribed list.
His entry will not be taken at Oakland
' • in future.
, ' Bulltr.an was fined $25 by the stand for i
xt)uph riding. » -
: . After the field had gone Ao the post in |
.the !:t"th event Thorpe discovered, that |
, Ktfa il was very lame. He rode the mare ;
IJack to the stand and. reported the fact t
.• to ■ the judges. He was ordered to the
' padtlack and all bets declared off. Fred
Edwards, trainer of the mare, was after
ward lined $50 by the judges for sending
Ker to the post in such condition.
.Con Da.ton, the black gelding which
■iln-is'hed second In the opening event, was
, one. of the stars of the Reed sale of 1897. j
. •• lie 1 •nt wrong as a two-year-old, but is
h '.\y beginning to «how some form.
: 'New Moon ran an astonishingly good
:- race, and it looks as if some of her past j
• races could be thrown out. '
• It is a lasting disgrace to the turf the
way many an old breadwinner is treated
when age and infirmity has overtaken
: m. Little Cripple recently occupied a
stall in a Tenth street sales stable and
sold for a pittance to a chicken ranch
dealer to be shot. The hens are probably
now pecking away at his bleaching bones.
The hero of many a desperate finish In
his •wo and three year old form, but
crippled, rheumatic and shaky on his un
derpinning now, bald-faced Kamsin, had
a hole chopped In his neck yesterday big
enough to Insert a stovepipe. Later a
silver tube waif placed in the opening
and he was sent to the post with the
blood running down his neck. Game as
ever, he staggered around to the stretch,
where Henne«6y. out of compassion,
pulled him up.
♦
To-Day's Entries.
First Race- Futurity coarse; three-year-olds
and upward. »..*•_■•.: *
Gl7 Mainstay 321! 595 Llmewater W.
«2 Guilder 114 Romany 103
f>S3 Jerry Hunt 10« ... Earl Cochran...llß
602 ■ter Weber.. ..1031 607 .Tuva 101
...Crawford US :- 595 Lava tor ... 103
Second Race— One and a sixteenth miles;. Mil-
lag; four-year-olds and upward.. •
610 rtnel 101 186 Ko K0..... 101
815 Robert E»nner..l.l SSS Ootobed 99
634 a<lrunr.»r ...104 s!iß Coda 99
(SS6)Dr. Sheppard....lloi ... Rapiilo 106
Third Race— Four furlontra; two-year-olds.
613 Ice Drop 1001 608 Jennie R11ey....119
I6OS John .MU11n.,...H1! ... Mortgage 108
iW» Lomond 113 6W Pldalia ..." '.<'<
Lf.H Harry Thatcher. lll 596 Bathos »8
Bicycle
Time
THE BICYCLE SEASON wi'l soon
open. Now is the time to look.
Our new '99 samples of
Cleveland and
Crescent Bicycles
are now on exhibit on, and the
price w:hin the reach of ever/
ore.
CLEVELANDB...S4O and $50
CRESCENTS-
Juveniles $25
Chain Models $35
Chainlcss Models $60
ENSIGNS $25 and $35
LEAVITT & BILL,
309 Larkin Street . . City.
20 San Pablo Aye., Oakland.
Fourth Race— Ono and an eighth miles: three
year-olds and upward; Pacific Union Stakes;
56S Recreation 54 616 Tom Cromwell .. 109
(sC2)Roslnante 104 (820) Topmast 101
... Briar Sweet !»4 i436)YVhat-er L0u. ...104
602 Rainier SI ... Geyser 1"4
620 Torsida :H (4~<4)Napamax 114
(615)Dunols 109 615 Storm King 104
Fifth Race— Six furlongs; selling; four-year
cld.s and upward.
f.3l Joe UUnian 1011 (622)Peixotto US
«QS)AbOM 115 ! (r>9n)Mldllght 99
l«ll>Lost Girl 1091 557 Don't Skip Me..Pt
■:.-tral II ins I 617 Highland 8a11... 10D
(s?*)Benamela 101 •
Sixth Rao*— Futurity course: Free Handicap;
three-year-olds and upward.
(.-)!>«> Tony Licalzi.... po' (.V>l)Libertine 115
(«10)Sat*uma 115| (sSs)Shasta Water... 97
569 Good Hope Jfl 614 Moringa 110
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Lavator, Limewater. Juva.
Second Race~Dr. Sheppard, Morinel, Goto
bed.
Third Race— Mortgage. Jennie Riley, Harry
Thatcher.
Fourth Race— Briar Sweet, What-er Lou.
Recreation.
Fifth Race— Abuee, Joe Ullman, Midllgrht.
Sixth Race— Satsuma, Morinsra, Good Hope.
One Favorite in Front.
NEW ORLEANS. Feb. 3.— Weather fine:
track fast. Command was the only win
ning favorite. Results:
One mile, selling. "Fintan won. Bright
second, Egbart third. L.me, 1:43%. .";
Seven furlongs. Sheik won. Sidtilla sec
ond, Satinwood .third. Time, 1:30%.
Seven furlongs, selling. Yours Truly
won, Can I See 'Em second. Tragedy
third. Time, 1:2914.
One and an eighth miles, handicap.
Jackanapes won. Muscadine second. Sut
ton third. Time. 1:55%.
! Six furlongs, selling, Borden won. Lucky
Monday second, Lady Disdain third. Time,
1:16%.
Six furlongs, selling. Command won,
Merry Day second, Everest third. Time.
1:15%.
HARNESS THIEVES CAPTURED.
One Draws a Revolver on an Iceman
Who Was Pursuing Him.
j An important capture was made by Po-
I liceman McShane early yesterday morn
' ing. and an iceman was plucky enough to
j attempt to assibi the officer, notwith
standing the threat of being made a sub
j ject for the Coroner.
McShane was on a Geary-street car
I about 7 o'clock, when he noticed three
; suspicious-looking boys each carrying a
! sack crossing Post and Laguna streets.
He jumped off the car and followed them
till he overtook them. He examined the
sacks and found two complete sets of
harness in the three. He placed two of the
boys under arrest and the other ran. An
iceman was close by and McShane called
upon him to catch the yefuth. The iceman
grabbed his pick and started on the
chase. He was crowding the fugitive,
who turned and. drawing a revolver out
of his pocket, threatened to shoot if the
iceman persisted in following him.
The iceman followed at a longer dis
tance and a crowd joined him. but the
revolver in the fugitive's hands kept them
from going too close to him. rie disap
peared in an alley leading off Larkin
street and made his escape. The two
boys arrested by McShane are Edward
Musgrave. P34 Folsom" street, and John
Carroll, ?M Thini street, both 17 years of
age. They were locx^d up in "the tanks."
For a Change
Try any two 15c dlfhes. with small coffee, 25e,
at Campis, 106-10S O'Farrell st:. opposite
Orpheum, and jrbtt'll n-->t be disappointed. •
Pacific Ocean Exposition.
The committee of 200 of the Pacific
Ocean Exposition will meet this after
noon at 2 o'clock at the Chamber of Oom
• to receive the report of the com
mittee on permanent organisation. Bills
have been prepared for introduction to
the Legislature and to Congress asking
aid.
The duck season is now on and you can get
ducks served in short 'Tiler at the Cafe Zink
miU.
Knocked Down by a Car.
I Joseph Darcy, of the New Waldo House,
was knocked down by a McAUtster street
I car while crossing- Market ami Third
j streets yesterday afternoon. He was
j taken to the Receiving: Hospital, where
\ it was found that; he had escaped with a
! contused right hip and an abrasion of
j the right leg.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND BACE TRACK, Friday, Feb. 3, 1899.—Forty-sixth day
of the California Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine. Track fast.
3.
A. MURPHY. Presiding Judge.
JAMES B. FERGUSON. Starter.
nio FIRST RACE— Futurity course; sel ling; three-year-olds; purse, $300.
Index. Horse.
ndex. Horse. Weight. St.
B9S Rio Chico Ill; 1
JS4 Con Daiton 101 6
11 Edge Ill 4
601 Anchored IM 3
i-!ong
C(i0 Xilgar I
B33 Doremus 1H 9
SOI Royal Fan I". 1 2
441 Tiburon Ill 7
r.78 Sim! 109)10
Weight.
Um.
life.
%m.
iT~
3 1
81
4 %
7 h
lit
1 h
I %
10
%m.
Km.
11%
5 2
f.Hi
4%
9 3
7 %
S 2
i m
3 h
10
%m.
Str.
1 1
3 1
5%
7 2
8 2
6 1
9 2
2 1%
4 %
10
Fin. | Jockeys.
1 1 Spencer
2 1 Jones
3 '4 N. Turner
4 m Rutter
5 h W. H. Martin
6 '•: Bullman
7 3 H. Martin....
8 1 IE. Cochran...
9 3 )C. Sloan
10 ]J. Power
6-5
40
7
6
10
8
6
40
6
40
6-5
60
15
10
15
15
5
60
6
40
Time— To Vi. :22: to %. :4«; last *4. 1:02%: short %, 1:12%. Winner. W. B. Sink Jr.'s ch.
g. by imp. Chesterfield-Jennie D. Good start Wen first three driving.
Rio Chico had bellows to mend after the windup. Con Daiton was twice cut off on
back stretch. Sidelong experienced rough sailing. Tiburon stopped last sixteenth.
Scratched— Glengaber 109, Campus 114, Bonibel 109. Gold Garter 106.
aiq SECOND RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling; four-year-olds and. upward;
Ola» purse, $350. . >
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. 'St. Std.
&m. %m.
%m.
Str.
FlD.
CM7) Dr. Bernays, 4 106! 1
(177) Wyoming, 6 Ill 6
Cll New Moon, 6 104 4
(684) Frank JaObert, 6.. .111 3
"79 Ballister, 4 9S| 5
563 Kamsin. 6 Ill; 2
31
6
1 h
* %
2 %
5 W.
32
I*
1 2%
5 h
3 1%
4 2
2 %
6
1 2
5 h
3 h
4 6
1 h
6
2 1
5 %
2 2
3 3
1 h
5 2
4 4
6
1 3 I Jones
2 h H. Shields....
3 5 IMounce
4 6 iSpencer
6 20 [j. Daly
6 'Hennessy
6-5 9-10
4 5
40 lit")
6-2. i
3d m
10 12
I
. Time— -07: 5-16. :31: 9-16. :.">6; 13-16. l:21'i; mile. 1:40%: 1 l-16m, 1:47%. Winner, Dr.
H. E. Uowell's ch. g. by Sir Dixon-Wiesbaden. Good start. Won easily. Second and
third driving. • .-■ ■
Ur Bcrnays won in rap time. Wyoming and New Moon had a hard tussle for the
place ' Kamsin was started with a tjibe inserted in his throat. He whistled through it,
but tot no money. Frank Jaubert attended a pink tea social the night before.
Scratched— Nonchalance 106. " ■ '■
f»£%r\ THIRD RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; three-year-olds and upward; purse,
O!iU. $400. - '■ ■■•• ■■ •-
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. |St. Std.
V4m. Vim.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
658 Topmast. 6 .....111 1 1
614 Torslda, 4 104 3
5S5 Meadow Lark. a.... 106: 2
S9S None Such. 4 106 4
475 Oak L— 1 5 — 106, 5
1 1
2%
3 %
5
4 h
3 %
5
4 %
2 h
1 h
I ■
2 %
3 h
1 h
4 h
3 1
1 %
4 3
2 h
5
2 4
1 %
3 3
4 3
6
1 1 Spencer [
2J iBullman
Z% iRutter
4 6 !l. Powell
5 !W. H. Martin!
1
1
8
100
100
1
1
15
ISO
300
Time— 1-11 31H: 9-16, :57; 13-16. 1:22%; mile, 1:41%: 1 l-16m, 1:47%. Winner,
Carruthers & McDonalds ch. g. by Imp. Topgallant-Essay. Good start. Won first three
r Vofsida was not ridden to the best advantage. Topmast outfooted her the last part.
Others outclassed.
Scratched— Frohman 10^
/IQ1 FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Weight, (st.
(595) Gualala iOT; i
(588) Gual Itunner 108 i
5S8 Rey Hooker 1"2 1
(582) Strongolt
5H2 Mlse Marion Hi 3
«09 Senora Caesar.. ..
Km.
%m.
' 11%
3 h
53 '
7 2 1
,41
:6
l~m. \m.
. %m.
11%
3 3
4 %
I 2 '
5 2
6
Str.
~4~~~
3 5
4 1
2 2
5 2'
•6
Str.
Fin.
Fin.
1 5
2 2
3 %
4 10
6 1
6
r . H. Martin
. Martin.... |
Jockeys. lOp. Cl.
H. Martin 7 10
Martin....) 4 1S-5
nes 8 10
llman 6-r, 13-10
orpe 3 4
Woods IS 60
>nes
j llman
lorpe
Woods
Time— U, :24%; Vs, 'A%\: \, 1:13%. Winner. Marcus Paly's ch. f. by imp. Goldflnch-Kiss
M" Quick. Good "start. "Won easily. Second and third driving.
" The winner is now conceded a good one. Goal Runner was nicely rated. M'fs Marion
is trio light It) fles>h. Strongoli ta being experimented with. He could not make the required
number of knots at to-day's trial.
nnn FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight, j
V*m.
%m.
»4m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
601 Ppixotto. 6 114 3
603 Guilder. 4 109 5
rt McAllister, allli 4
611 Amelia Fon«o. S....104' 1
BSt Ricardo, a
(f.i>7> Ann I'age. 8 »"j 2
' : 1 h'p,'
53
2 2
4 2%
6
3 h
1% 13 ■•;
5 3 .34
2 1% 2 %
4% 54 ."
6 . A
8 % 4 V,
1 h
2 8
S 1
4 2
5 4
6
r
rtln
1-2
20
8
3
30
20
1-2
60
10
3
200
SO
in
e
. H.
Time— ',4, S>: : **! 1:14 - Winner. J. J. Coulter's ch. g. by Imp. Brutus-imp. Kelpie.
Good start Won first three driving.
Spencer tried rating Peixotto and nearly tossed the race off. Guilder was well backed
for the place and show. Amelia Fonso has suffered a relapse.
Scratched— MontaUade 108, Magnus 99, Melvln Iturnham 99.
r»c\€» SIXTH RACE— Seven furlong*; selling; . three-year-old colts and geldings; purse.
OAO« $400. ____
Index. Horse. Wet"'-
r.'T Horton I-
fif'2 Montanus V
(802) Whaleback 1
4*7 Tirade 1
602 Monda '
601 Dunprais* V.
600 Guatemoc !
Wet"'*
Vim. :
%m.
%m.
Str. Fin.
Jockeys.
4
5
S
1
7
2
6
2 M
3 1
6 6 '
1 2
5 2
4 1
7.
2 h ' 3 h
5 1% . 2 1
6 8 6 10
1 2*4 12
6 % • 4 1
■ 4 % • B % r '
7 ■ 7' •'
32 -v
.-;:%'
■•4 2-'
' 3j '4 :
5 3
6 4
• 7 :
1 %'.
24
3 1'
4 2
5 3-
66
,7 /
in
r
B
6-5
4
4
J
100
10O
75
1
9-1
■ 4
7-2
: 100
100
100
lamp ..
::;-.■:...:
Time— H. :13; %. :37%: %. 1:03: %; 1:27%. Winner. E. F. Smith's ch. c. by El Rayo-
Fuslllade'p Last. Good start. Won first three driving.
Turner, on the winner, tried the flying wedge a furlong from the wire and got through.
Montanus is improving. Whalcback ran a remarkable race. He was badly interfered with
at the stretch turn by Dunpraise. Tirade ran away three, furlongs prior to the start.
Scratched— Sir Urian 109, Jerry Hunt 112, Faversham 112.
'THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1899.
FLEET DOGS
MEET TO-DAY
AT INGLESIDE
Flyers From All Parts
of the State.
EIGHTY GOOD ONES ENTERED
BIG PBIZES INDUCE OWNERS TO
RUN THEIR PETS.
Dogs in the All-Age and Puppy
Stakes That Should Win
the Various Con-
Another large stake will be run to-day
and to-morrow at Ingleside Coursing
Park. A glance at the entries, which
were published yesterday, will satisfy
the admirers of the sport that the Ingle
side Park has a first-class card. In fact,
if a search was made among the kennels
of this city and vicinity a more aristo
cratic lot of dogs could not be found.
In the puppy stake there are youngsters
of classic breeding that should certainly
give good accounts of themselves. The
all-age stake is considered especially
good, owing to the fact that there are
such a number of courses on the pro
gramme and the best guessers will be
puzzled in naming the winners. Altogether
the Ingleside Club can well afford to feel
pleased with this particular stake, as the
running will undoubtedly be very excit
ing.
It is amusing to read the comments of
Eastern coursing writers, who take a
fling occasionally at inclosed coursing in
California. In a recent number of a
weekly sporting paper published Mn New
York the coursing editor had quite a
lengthy article on the game, which ter
minated with the statement that Califor
nia coursing was only child's play, as the
courses seldom exceeded half a mile, and
that the gambling was the only thing that
kept the alleged sport alive.
It would pay the paper to ship its cours
ing scribe to this city, where he would
certainly awake from his lethargic state
after witnessing a few courses at Ingle
side Park. Instead of sprinting dashes
the gentlemen would see runs of from one
mile to live miles, and occasionally the
departure of a high-class dog to the
happy coursing grounds. Last Sunday
the dog Rathbone died subsequent to a
course which must have been fully five
miies, and had it not been for the timely
capture of his opponent, Connemara,
there doubtless would have been another
death registered among the family of
longtails who died in the inclosed parks
from exhaustion, the result of grueling
runs.
It is an admitted fact that when in
closed coursing was first attempted here
the hares did not run well; in fact, they
seldom lasted one minute after the dogs
were slipped. Time and experience, how
ever, have worked many changes for the
better.
In the early days of the sport the trap
pers shipped the hares in crates which
were minus apartments. As a result, the
"•jacks" fought each other, and in their
wild attempts to escape many crippled
hares arrived at the coursing park. Hew
different is the state of affairs now! Each
hare is consigned to a separate apart
ment, and remains inactive until liberated
■in the preserve. After a few weeks' run
t in the coursing field they recover from the
effects of the trip overland, and when cast
off before the anxious dogs they run with
a vim and dash that frequently lead them |
to freedom before the dogs get close
enough to score a point. Feeding of them
on grain and the late system of boxing
the game have had' much to do with the
success the sport now enjoys.
For Freedom is unquestionably a grand
dog and an animal that any man should
feel a pride in owning. It has been stated,
however, that he never met defeat, but
this is erroneous, as the following com
munication will attest:
SAN FRANCISCO, February 3, 1899.
Couiring Editor Call— Dear Sir: I noticed
several times In the papers remarks fn repaid
to For Freedom, and every time they have
stated lhat he had never yet been beaten, eith
er in England or in this country. Now, this is
a mistake, as he was beaten twice. The first
time he ever went to the slips he met Winter
King in the Sefton Stakes a*, the Altcar Club
meeting November 17, 1897, and was beaten.
On November 30, in the third round, "he was led
and beaten by Overture in the Aber Stakes
at Bangor. Yours truly.
AN ENGLISH SPORTSMAN.
Among the puppies that will cut a dash
to-day are Pleasant Girl, a winner of two
first prizes when a sapling, and Star of
Cuba, also a very promising youngster.
The cup which will be run for on Feb
ruary 22 is a very handsome ornament,
valued at $250. The stake on that day will
be limited to forty dogs at 55, and the
owner of the winning dog will receive HSO
besides the cup. which will be known as
the Ingleside Coursing Club cup. The
pleasant feature of this meeting will be
j the handing of the beautiful prize to the
. successful dot: owner by Mr. Shannon,
I president of the club, who will take pleas
ure in stating that the cup will not have
to be run for a dozen or more times before
it becomes the property of any one per
son.
Judging from their past performances
the dogs most likely to raise winning
colors to-day are:
Puppy stake— Ornament, Lily o' the Valley,
Twilight Jr., Tea Rose. Pleasant Girl, Black
hawk. Star o' Cuba and Eleven Spot.
All-aged Stake— Stlkwood. Cavalier, Scott
Tree Lottie M. Petronius. Preclta Girl, Belle
Seward Royal Oak. Campania, Young America,
Lady Herschel, Tullamore. Susie. Marietta,
Victor, Miss Alice. Mystic Maid. Senorlta,
Crosspatch. Lightfoot, Victor Queen, Forget.
Minerva, O. K. Capital, Commodore, Log Boy,
St Gertrude. Flying Buck. Lady Gilmore,
Diana, O'Grady, Fedora. Prince George and
Forgive.
INDOOR BASEBALL.
Young Men's Christian Association
Team Defeated the Olympic
Nine Handily.
An Indoor baseball league has been
formed, the members of which are the
Acme Athletic Club, the Reliance Ath
letic Club, the Your.g Men's Christian As
sociation of San Francisco and the Olym
pic Club. Each club will play two games
against every other club in the league,
making six games. The team which wins
the largest number of games will be pre
sented with a pennant, purchased with
the entrance fees to the tournament. The
first game of the series will take place on
Thursday evening, February 9, in the
Olympic Club gymnasium, between the
teams of the Olympic Club and the
Young Men's Christian Association of
San Francisco.
On Thursday evening last a practice
match was played in the Olympic Club
gymnasium between the two teams just
mentioned. It was the first time that the
Young Men's Christian Association has
met the Olympic team, which had hith
erto been uniformly victorious. The game
was played with great keenness, and the
umpires' decisions did not always meet
with full acceptance. The contest ended
in a victory for the Y. M. C. A. team,
with a score of 22 to 16. Barbour of the
winning team struck seventeen men out,
and the batting of Hanrahan, McShane
and Shaw was strong. In the seventh in
ning Shaw made a home run. Many vis
j itors witnessed the game and displayed
i much enthusiasm. Ward and Dotterer
! acted as umpires. The ninth inning was
not played. The scores are shown in the
table:
OLYMPIC.
Innings— 123456789
Follansbee, c 01--101-0
Butz, p 00--1-1--
KrelinK. r.« 0-0-0-1-0
Cosgrove, l.s -10-0-1--
Pockwltz, s.s -10--1101
Monahan. 2b -1-0-01*-
Cunningham, 3b...- 1 - 0 - 0 1 0 -
White, I.f - 0 - 0 - • 1 0 -
Stone, r.r -0---»0-0
Totals 0 5 5 5 7 8 16 16 16
Y. M. C. A.
Innings- 123456789
/__ — ______
Barbour, p ...1 0 - 1 1 - 0 1 -
Goodrich, s.s l*-10-10-
Scott, 2b 0 - 0 0 0 - 1 1 -
Hanrahan, 3b 0 -110-01-
McShane, lb 0-01-111*
Bernhard. r.f -00* r 010-
Shaw, r.s - 1 - If . \ • . t - -
Toohy, c.f - 1-0* -00--
Foran, c -0-10-0-.0-
T.tals 2 4 5 11 12 13 18 22 -
♦Left on base.
On Tuesday evening, February 7, there
will be an indoor baseball match in the
gymnasium of the Young Men's Christian
Association between the association and
the Cosmopolitan teams. The last match
between these two nines ended in a tie,
each scoring fifteen. Dotterer is captain
and pitcher of the Cosmopolitans.
A basket ball league will be formed,
which will Include the Athens and Sparta
teams of the Oakland branch of the
Young Men's Christian Association, and
the Russia and Mission teams of the San
Francisco branch. The league commit
tee consists of Bennett and Bock of the
Oakland association, Williams and Oliver
of the San Francisco branch, and a fifth
to be chosen by agreement. As soon as
the committee is complete a schedule of
games will be prepared.
The new series of games between the
two water polo teams, the Bull Frogs and
Pollywogs, of the Olympic Club, has been
abandoned. A very strong rivalry had
developed itself between these teams, and
the last game played between them was
so rough that it was thought better, in
the interests of harmony, to discontinue
them.
Alarm clocks reduced to 60 centß. JAMES
A. SOKENSEN. 135 Sixth St.. nr. Howard.
Ocean View Will Bespond.
Supervisor Holland's invitation to out
side improvement clubs to make the
wants of their localities known to the '
Board of Supervisors, in order that the
board may do what it can to extend such
relief as the funds in the treasury will
permit, has mcc with a ready response
from the Ocean View Improvement Club.
The active members of the club are very
much encouraged at the interest taken
in the outside sections by the new board
and they expect that Ocean View will get
a little more consideration than bare cam
paign promises whi'-h have b«wi !nv.!?Vv
thrown at them on the eve of every elec
tion for the past ten years.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
©©•O9•©OOw©©•©©©• • • © w © • • © © © © © © © © ©
jITKILISPAJiN!]
< : ; : A JL . ■fl m fi &■■■ fIhiJNJ JL JLJL- JLJL*^ ■ • ©
2 When You Suffer From •
• J^^j RHEUMATISM, •
• iB^Sl ■"'• PAINS IN YOUR BACK, •
* : ■■ ■ : I^oo • : LUMBAGO, SCIATICA, - • : !
•|! ' m %s? *. KIDNEY PAINS I
a --• '■ '-' -■;■'""■ ' ; ■•■■ ■' .. ■ '»; • •-■' :-■:.-©
Or pain of any kind, a mild, constant electric current flowing into the ;^
©, seat of your trouble, will cause a permanent cure. . v
J FROM GRATEFUL WOMAN. y : *
A "When I got your Belt I had not been free from pain for three years. ; = I a
• :. tried various remedies, . but got only slight relief. ; After ten applications of r
A your Belt the pain left me, and I have not had a trace of it since. I will ©
always praise your Belt."— Mrs. E. Ross, 238 ■" Harriet street, San ' Francisco, A
• : January 31, 1899. : ., ;; '..: : ..;:- ; / /. ;.;-■... vr: .r ■":,• V^:'- 1 :-'-'^ ; "— • -r i ■;?"-/-■.':*
© '^ .'v.v I have devoted twenty years to the study of electric treatment and •
a my Dr. Sanden Electric Belt has a record of over 10,000 cures. It is a #
7 natural life-giver, and I know how to apply it right.: Call and ; see Its • A
A l * construction. Test it free. If you can't call send for book about it,
0 free. ' '■"'■[■ "/■'.■'-.:, '■. : ':rr.-\'_^,- / "".\'-' :: \-'-'^':''\ ; '-:'/: ■■ . ■.•■;.©
v dr. M. /\. Mclaughlin, t •
• > 702 Market St., Corner Kearny, San Francisco: ; ?
►^Jiilll Office Hoars— B A. M. to 8:30 P. M. 1 Sundays 10 to 1. . . •
.• NOT SOLD I3ST r>R,TTO STORES. >|
© • • © •••©•© ©o •©••••©• • • © © • • © • • • • © •
CITY OFFICIALS
HAVE CEASED
HOSTILITIES
Trouble Over Clerk
ships at an End.
TAX COLLECTING TO PROCEED
COLLECTOR SHEEHAN ADOPTS
MILLER METHODS.
Supervisoxs Will Allow Him the As
sistants Required in the Hand
ling of the Business of
the Office.
Tax Collector Edward I. Sheehan has
ceased hostilities with the Finance Com
mittee of the Supervisors over the matter
of the employment of extra deputies re
quired in his office. The struggle, which
was expected to assume large proportions,
was to all intents abandoned at a spe
cial meeting of the Finance Committee at
the City Hall last night.
The committee had summoned Mr. Shee
han, ex-Tax Collector Block and Hiram
B. Cook, his deputy, to attend the meet
ing, and a stormy session was anticipated.
Mr. Block, however, refused to attend,
and as Mr. Cook was in Seattle it lefi
only Mr. Sheehan to struggle with the
guardians of the city's welfare. It was
evident from the outset that a change ha .
come over the situation. Mr. Sheehan was
suave, but not more so than the men
whom he had previously charged with
bringing the business of his office to a
standstill. The expected struggle did not
take place. Acting upon the advice of his
friends, Mr. Sheehan determined not to
make an aggressive right, but to meet the
Supervisors half way.
During the day he had been in confer
ence with representatives of the big
banking institutions which are clamoring
for their tax bills. They advised him to
abandon his contest, at the same time
conceding nothing in the way of patron
age, which, he claimed, was the moving
cause of the present disagreement. There
were mutual explanations last evening,
Supervisor Perrault saying that his asso
ciotes had no desire to cripple the Tax
Collector in the performance of his duty.
On his part Mr. Sheehan affirmed that he
recognized the right of the Finance Com
mittee to regulate the expenditure of
money in his office and believed that that
was the only system that would protect
the city from dishonest officials. Repeat
edly during the meeting Dr. Perrault
placed Mr. Sheehan on record to this ef
fect. Sheehan said he wanted to meet
the committee half way and to do only
that which was right.
Upon the advice of his attorney, Eugene
F. Bert, Mr. Sheehan withdrew the clause
in a communication he sent to the board,
in which he expressed the opinion that
the new charter had gone into effect. An
effort was rita.de to induce him to with
draw the letter in its entirety, but this he
declined to uo, preferring to await the
action of the board on Monday next on
the matter of salaries due his clerks for
services rendered in January.
There has been such a difference of
opinion as to the number of men actually
required in the Tax Collector's office that
the members of the Finance Committee
have determined to investigate the mat
ter for themselves. They will spend Mon
day morning in the office, and will see the
amount of work to be handled. The most
pressing claims on the clerical staff at
the present time are the 16,800 bills for
property assessed to the banks. They
want to pa^- these before March L Other
wise they will have to pay taxes on this
same amount of money they would ha*'e
in their vaults.
Last night's meeting was an adjourned
one from the morning session of the com
mittee. Expert Cyril Williams of the
board presented a report as to the num
ber of men required in the office. From all
the data he could collect he said that the
preparation of seventy-two bUls was an
average day's work for one man. Op
posed to him was J. W. McCabe, formerly
chief deputy in the Tax Collector's office.
He thought the average was nearer 300
bills a day. He thought that threje men
could do the work where Mr. Sheehan
has asked for twenty-five. Notwithstand
ing this low estimate he admitted that
while he was in the office there were thir
ty-eight men employed at a corresponding
period. These discrepancies were not rec
onciled.
Dr. Perrault volunteered the statement
that he thought Mr. McCabe's ideas were
a bit radical, but that a happy medium
would be struck.
The figures of the expert did not suit
Perrault, and he pressed him in the mat
ter of their verification. Mr. Williams
acknowledged that his figures were not
exact, but were based on the supposition
as to the number of bills that will come
in during February. This could not be
verified, as it was impossible to tell the
exact number tht would be received.
It is expected that the controversy be
tween the Supervisors and Mr. Sheehan
will be amicably adjusted at the board
meeting Monday.
Warrant Withdrawn.
The warrant for the arrest of Herbert
Merchi, collector for the Western Brass
Works, charging him with felony embez
zlement, was withdrawn yesterday, as it
was shown that the young man had been
very sick and had the money in his pos
session. _
Dr. D" Evelyn, returned from th« East. Office,
Phelan building. •
The Telephone Box Thief.
S. G. Sutton, the telephone-box thief,
pleaded guilty to a charge of petty lar
ceny in Judge Mogan's court yesterday
and at his request sentence was deferred
until February 9. Sutton told Special
Officer Riley of the Telephone Company
that a man In the office of the company
was implicated with him and he might
give up his name. It is thought he is
making a "bluff" to get a light sentence.
For the City Creditors.
Fred Eaton and J. P. Le Count, repre
senting the associated creditors of the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
POMMERY
CHAMPAGNE
ON ITS MERITS THE CHOICE OF THE
(Jilted States Qovernment
OVER ALL OTHER BRANDS.
NEWS COMES FROM CALIFORNIA THAT THE COMMISSARY
DEPARTMENT OF THE U. S. GOVERNMENT, WHICH RECENTLY
MADE AN INVESTIGATION OF THE LEADING CHAMPAGSES, SE-
LECTED POMMERY ON ITS MERITS AS THE bEST.AND A WARDED
ITS AQEWS THE CONTRACT FOR SUPPLYING THE TRANSPORTS
SAILING TO MANILA AND HONOLULU. THE TRANSPORT QRAST,
WHICH RECENTLY SAILED FOR MAMLA bROM NEW YORK, AND
THE SHERMAN. ABOUT TO SAIL, HAVE ALSO BEEN SUPPLIED
WITH POMMERY.
POMMERY <<SEC" AND "BRUT' FOR SALE EVERYWHERE.
CHARLES GRAEF & CO.,
Sole Agents for the United States, 32 Beaver St, N. Y.
Who is he?
Only one of the little gems that
enliven to-day's News Letter. Jjf.*.:
Life's Vanished Joys
are the continual source of misery to those who
suffer from nervous debility and prostration
They never cease mentally comparing them-
selves with the rosy-cheeked women or talwart
men that come in their way.
GLOOM, FORUKTFULNESS AND
V DESPAIR sometimes drive them to insanity,
or else into the grip of some chronic ailment
like consumption. Vitality being crushed in
them they merely endure life. THEY DO
NOT REALLY LIVE!
THE FAMOUS ■
PERFEGTO TABLETS
Repair the shattered and enfeebled nerve system.
They purify the-. blood, make bright and hap-
py eyes, bring deep and appetite. Impart vigor
■ and potency to every function, stop evil dreams,
wasting diseases and all effects of excesses and
Indiscretion?; restore falling memory, in a word,
they re-vitalize young and old of either sex,
MAKE PERFECT MEN AND WOMEN
One 50 Cents 6 Boxes at 82.50, a
Box Renews ' Guaranteed Cure or
Vital Energy. Money Refunded.
Mailed on receipt of price by -'
THE PERFECTO CO. Caxton BuJldlnq, Chicago. 111.
Sold by Owl Drug Co., S. F. and Oakland.
| DON'T WORRY
Elf you want to look well you must have a
UJ perfect fitting suit of clothes. Such suits only
Q. can be obtained from a practical tailor.
i JOE POHEIM, The Tailor
makes fine clothes at 25 per cent less than
t other tailors charge. He gives you the best
goods and very good strong linings and best of
LLJ workmanship at moderate prices. Perfect fit
O guaranteed or money returned. •
UJ Wl-JOS I«nteo»fry St, cor. Bud ) . pß , lflSfft
•£ 1110-1112 Market 5treet. ..:..... Jsu """WO
gjj 485 PonrttenUi Street, OAKLIMD, Clt.
Use f^% se
Woodbury's j^^ Woodbury's
Faoial Soap: i^/ Faoial Cream.
Cleans, purifies and beautifies the skin and
clears the complexion of pimples, blotches and
blackheads. Send 10 cents for | Beauty Book,
and receive sample of each free. JOHN H.
■WOODBURY. 26 W. 23d St., New York, and
163 State St.. Chicago. - ;
p o re o 00000000 o~© c o a
o w PALACE «B»i
GRAND HC >WiM°
o• . . UAH Fn An Cisco. q
** i Connected by a covered passageway. *r
** 1400 Rooms— QOO With Both Attached. O ;
O All Under One Management. ' Q
0." . .. NOTK TBS PHI0S8: • ' Q
b European Plan. Sl .oo per day and upward A
Jun*rlcan Plan. sB.oo per day and upward vl
ft ' Correspondence Solicited. Q
A JOSH 0. KKKPA7BICK, K&atgH. q
QjQ 00000000000000 O O
COKE! COKE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald,
813 FOLSOM STREET,
* . . Telephone South 14. ♦
- IValer and Importer of all brands of COKR
Yard* at HOWARD AND BSAJLS BTHL
_ . ; . V . ~~ ■, T~~"
PCUeheater's EigiUk Diamond Brand.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
~6»"X '- - Original Bad Only Genuine * A
>-//TtV?V "Are. «lw»y« reiutte. ladies mik O\
A'li>V)* Crairititt for Ckichtittrt B*r)lU\ Dia-fiSV*.
M***isS'>&£&\mond Brand In lied u4 Gold mtulUc\VS' ;
■ J& — oCJBboiM. iniad with blue ribbon. i Take V|r r
I*l *W|no other. Refute dangerous lubituu- V
I / ~ fg tiont and imitations. At Dr«ggiitc, or Ms 4
*•■• I *» • - -Jtr la ttirapi ; tor pir'.iCTiliri, tntlmonitli an!
I V D "Krllef Tor I.ndlri." in letter, br rriarm
i bVv« If - Hail. ■ 1 0,000 m oDi*ls. JTaitt Paper.
■ - , S^^TChifhetter Chemical Co.,Mo«ll»tm 6qaar%
•M ky all Local Drotiiits. . . Plin.\l>A~ V*
' ~~ " I
r'^flfl&icA^&riS Rig *3 is a non-poisoncra»
( (^^^*m!l remedy for Gonorrhcea,
l'CUE!>^Hb Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
AWlo i tosd»T«.V| Whites, unnatural dis-
JHf Osutnteel V charges, or any icfl&raraa-
£*bji net to •trietare, tion, irritation or ulcera-
|P ■»Pr»THita eonmioq. ■ tlon of mucous mem-
Ka^rHEEvANS CHEMiruCo. Cranes. Non-astricgent.
MAcIMCINNITI.O MH Sold «>T l»ru«j«;i»t*.
.^Sj^^';ir 3 i ■ jffia^or seat' in . plain wrapper,
J^H^^J ' J^^V by express, prepaid, lot
'v^nvr^l : 1 1 - 00 - or 3 bottles', *2.75.
fc ■ Circular nut oa ntfxA
1 i NEW WESTERN HOTEL, ~
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON '. STB.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, 50c to $1 60 day; '
$5 to $s week: $8 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire grates in every
room; elevator runs all night. . -„ ; . : . ■ {
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE V DAMIAN A BITTERS. THIS
great Mexican ' remedy ; ' gives i health ' and
strength to . sexual * organs. . Depot. 223 Market.
city, appeared before the Finance Com
mittee of the Supervisors yesterday. They
want the assistai.ce of the board in se
curing the passage of an amendment by
the Legislature authorizing the payment
of the old claims against the city, aggre
gating over $200,000. The committee de
cided to present a resolution to the board
at the meeting next Monday favoring this
action.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA^
LAST 2 TIMES-MATINEE TO-DAY, TO-NIGHT.
NO SUNDAY PERFORMANCE. .
FRANK DANIELS
And His Comic Opera Company,
"THE IDOI'S EYE."
EXTRA !
SEATS NOW READY.
LOUIS J«/WES, ' '
KATHRYN KIDDER,
; FREDERICK WARDB.
! First Performance NEXT MONDAY.
I "the SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL."
Wedneiday, "OTHELLO." Saturday, "MACBETH."
i /^t!Sjo>>«i^.S MATINEE TO-DAY,
Gilifomla a°-&£,
George H. Broadhurst's Mirthful Plenitude.
/why\all
fSWIITHy lN!
V LEFT / GREAT
\hom|/ CAST!
Comlnft— BLACK PATTI TROUB\DOURS.
I MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY) FEB. 4.
i Parquet, any seat, 25c; Children, 10c, any
1 j part of the house.
7— NEW VAUDEVILLE STARS!— 7
The High-Class Comedy Artists, '
MILTON AND DOLLY NOBLES. '/"
-In the Roarinsr Farce, "Why Walker
Reformed."
The European Concert Star, GIACINTA
DELLA ROCCO, Celebrated Violiniste. *
DERENDA AND BREEN. Club Jugglers.
WILLIE OZEOLA, Balancing Acrobat.
Rice's Rag-time Opera. "CLORINDY."
. WILSON AND LEICESTER. Operatic Stars.
1 MAX CINCINATI and MUSICAL AVOLOS.
i Xylophone Wonders. .
MATINEES WED., SAT. AND SUNDAY.
ALCAZARTHEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2 P. M.
EVERY NIGHT AT 8:15.
SOL SMITH RUSSELL'S
BEAUTIFUL COMEDY DRAMA.
PEACEFUL
VALLEY!
Jgg PRICES jgg
COMEDY THEATER.
(Formerly the Popular Bush.)
TWO GRAND~GALA WEEKS,
COMMENCING TO-MORROW NIGHT. Feb. 5.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
THE, NEW PRODUCTION OF
• TM. B. LEA VITT' ' .
. - Gorgeous Spectacular Extravaganza,
; "SPIDER AND FLY."
50— —PEOPLE 50
15 NOVEL VAUDEVILLE FEATURES.
; /^f^r* THE MAGNIFICENT SCENERY.
' \hh the gorgeous costumes.
kJI^Iv THE SUPERB BALLETS.
( »■'■"*'• . THE GOLD AND SILVER MARCH.
Comedy, Opera. Burlesque, Spectacle, ; .
Brilliantly Blended.
Matchless Chorus •of . Sixteen Beautiful Girls.
POPULAR PRICES.
Seats at Box Office . and Emporium.
I TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Erellng. Proprietor and M«rr.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2 P. M. '
THIS EVENING AT. 8. . '
The Superb Production,
Offenbach's • Celebrated Comic Opera,
"LA PERICHOLE"
, • NEXT WEEK— By Request.
"SUZETTE."
■ Oscar Well's Comedy Opera,
■*>.;") LOOK out for.
! MADEUEINE.grTIIii/MAGICKISS
By the author and composer of "Tog Wedding Day." ■ .
POPULAR PRICES.....". .....25c and 600
.N. B.— A reserved seat for the matinee... 2so
•-■_■ Our Telephone. Bush 9.
CONCEBTS AND BESOBTS
I METROPOLITAN TEMPLET
! .' Monday and Wednesday evenings and Satur-
I day afternoon. February 6, 8 and 1L " _■-
TERB9 H
WORLD'S GREATEST PIANISTE!
Seats ■ now >.. on -.; sale ■• at the San • Franctseo
, Music Co., 225 Sutter street.
PR1CE5....... ..'... .;..'..«. $150. U.
j ■- : ; CHICKERING PIANO . USED.
STiipHASE
STEEPLECHASE
At CENTRAL PARK.
A HUGE SUCCESS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 1 TO U.
' • EVERYBODY RIDES.
ADMISSION 10. -INCLUDING HORSE* •
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver weaker.
Wheat futures declined.
Barley firmer.
OatF, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Hay improving slowly.
Bran and Middlings unsettled.
Alfalfa Seed higher again.
No change in Beans.
Potatoes and Vegetables about the sam*.
Butter rising and Eggs declining.
Poultry and Game steady.
Fruits unchanged.
Eastern Hams advanced.
Wool, Hops and Hides unchanged.
Hogs advanced again.
Other Meats unchanged.
Rire as before.
Increased revenue collection*.
REVENUE COLLECTIONS.
Internal revenue collections in this district in
January were $249,708, against $126,079 In the
Fame month last year, including $71,821 for beer
and $72,038 for spirits. The collections for the
llrst seven months of the fiscal year amount to
$2,405,311, against $1,364,616 for the same lime
last year.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian—Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 3, 1899, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfalls in last twenty-four hours:
' Last Thie Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0 06 18.01 19.19
Red Bluff Trace 13 06 7.27
Sacramento 0.00 7.85 6.62
Pan Francisco 0 02 7.77 5.41
Fresno Trace 3.74 2.31
San Luis Obispo O<X) 7.20 2.98
Los Angeles 0.00 2.90 3 79
San Diego 0.01 S 66 8 12
Yuma 0.00 1.34 1.J3
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
46; minimum, 37; mean, 42.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather is partly cloudy in the Sacra
mento Valley and over the central Rocky
Mountain region; cloudy In I'tah and snowing
In Nevada and Northern Arizona. Elsewhere
on the Pacific slope fair weather prevails.
Scattering light rain or snow fell In all dis
tricts dining the day.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the
plateau region
The temperature has risen slightly In the
southern and central portions of California
and fallen elaewhen west ot" the Rocky Mount
ain?, except In Southern Arizona.
Conditions arc- favorable for fair and con
tinue.i cold weather, with killing frosts, severe
enough fn exposed places to Injure citrus fruit
(Saturday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. February 4, 1899:
Northern California— Fair Saturday; contin
ued cold, with killing frost; light northerly
wind.
hern California— Fair Saturday; contin
ued cold, with killing frost; fresh north wind.
Nevada— Partly cloudy Saturday, with scat
tering light snows: continued cold.
I'tah— Cloudy, with scattering snows Satur
day; continued cold.
Arizona— Fair in south portion; partly cloudy,
with scattering snow in north portion Satur
day: colder in south portion.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Saturday
continued cold, with killing frost; light north
west wind. G. H WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Feb. 3. -Stock values received
re test to-day, the market at one time
oordering on the panic stage through the enor
mous outpouring of stock from professional and
tommiasion house sources, but the day left oft
*ith Irregular changes of a fraction either way,
fc-ith the tone strong. Before the opening it
nas argued that yesterday's market showed
that a reaction wae under way, but It was
rontended that the forces resisting a decline,
in the absence of extremely unfavorable news,
Rronld not allow prices to recede very far. The
licence of a decided tone to the early market
ivas in part due to the expression of a promi
aent bull leader that the market had a tired
look. The market opened rather irregular, the
grangers showing a moderately good tone on
rt. Paul's increase of $161,000 for the fourth
Aeek In January. The specialties were inclined
to sag and commission house support was mod
erate. Such strength as there wae In the mar
ket disappeared under professional pressure.
There was an absence of support from large
Interests and realizing set In, which gave the
:K-ars encouragement for a vigorous demonstra
lion. which, after a feeble rally, resulted In
many stop orders being caught. It was said
sn the floor that heavy selling came from
Washington and the rumor gained currency
that the ratification of the peace treaty was
;n Jeopardy. The market felt the effects of the
Deavy realizing that took place last week and
!his. The lowest prices of the day were shortly
irter noon. The grangers were down from 134
In St. Paul to 2^ in Burlington, the coaler!
trom 14 in N™ Jersey Central to 2V4 in Read
ing first preferred. In the Pacifies' the range
j-as from U, to 2'j. the maximum loss in
!>outhern Pacific. In the specialties the decline
R-as even more pronounced, ranging from
ibnut ? points in Sugar and Tobacco to 5 In
New York Air Brake. In this group Manhattan
»nd Tennessee Coal each lost 3*. People's Gas
Brooklyn Transit and Federal Steel about 3
jach and Consolidated Gas 3%. Lake Erie pre
ferred dropped V* and the preferred stocks of
Great Northern and lowa Central about 3
points each. The declines were very general
and embraced almost everything of conse
quence, as is indicated by the above details
Largo orders appeared when the bear move
ment seemed to have lost its force and liquida
tion ceased. The bull leaders took hold of their
various specialties and helped the recovery
which continued practically to the close with
Dnly a momentary slight recession on 'profit
taking. Traders generally took the long side
tor a turn, on the Idea that much of the weak
held stocks had been transferred to stronger
Interests. Among the stocks which responded
most readily to the recovery were New York
Central, Pennsylvania. St. Paul. Burlington
Sugar, Reading first preferred. Atchison pre
ferred, Tennessee foal. Consolidated Gas and
Manhattan. Metropolitan Street Railway made
a very handsome gain for the day. It rose a
point In the initial dealings, broke 3 and rallied
l'^. The buoyancy in this stock, together with
the resistance shown by New York Central on
the break, made them leaders in the recovery
The advance in Metropolitan Street Railway
was said to he based on the belief that the
Metropolitan Company had obtained control of
the Third-avenue line. Standard Oil stock
flropped from J4 M bid last night to offered at
M 12 on curb to-day, with transactions at $4 15
and then rose to {4 40 and closed at $4 35^4 3R.
The opinion wa-= entertained In some quarters
that the extra dividend on the stock would be
t-onslderahly greater than the actual allowance
ot 3 per cent which was made. Consequently
disappointed holders, who had bought pre
viously in expectation of a handsome distribu
tion. of>red their stocks, and In the absence
Bf a market speedily brought about the slump
The bond market yielded sympathetically
with stocks. Total sales, $4,460,000.
T'nited States new 4's coupon declined *4 and
the s's advanced IV
T.nal sales of stocks to-day, 937.400 shares
Including: Atchison, 15.220; do preferred S3 -
BSO: <*"niral Pacific. 13.210: Chesapeake and
Ohio. 24.190: Burlington. 33.520; Denver and Rio
Grande. 11, WO; do preferred, r.545: Louisville
and Nashville. 17.020: Manhattan. 56.020- Metro
politan. 15.T.20; Reading preferred, f.2,38S- Mls
jourl Pacific. 12.147; Missouri. Kansas and
Texas preferred. 7180; New York Central V -
"?'•. Northern Pacific. 33.020; do preferred is'-
F2«: Reading. 10,000; Rock Island. 14.520; St.
I^iuiF and San Francisco second preferred. 24 -
«."0; T r nion Pacific, 16.220; do preferred 22 920"
Ft. Panl. 23.300; Southern Pacific 21,27 V South
ern preferred. 14.620: Texas and Pacific 70OQ-
Tohacco. 16.050: Steel. 41.200; do preferred 17 -
700; People's Gas. 16.920: Consolidated 'Gas
Brooklyn RapM Transit. 25.720- Pacific
Mall. 18.6?.",; Sugar, "X.520; T. C. and 1.. 22 675 ■
leather preferred 6T.00;, Rubber, 5205; Chicago
Great Western. ISA'O.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 22% St L & S F. 13
Do prefd 62V4 Do prefd 724
Baltimore & Ohio. 70 Do 2d prefd .... 424
Canada Pacific —86 St Paul 127%
Canada Southern.. BS^4 Do prefd IBS
Cent Pac MVi St P & Om ggu
Ches & Ohio 304 Do prefd 170
Clii & Alton t7S» So Pacific 40%
Chi B & Q 133* So Railway 13U
Chi & E 111 65% Do prefd BOX
Do prefd 116 Texas & Pacific. 20W
Chi G W mi Union Pacific 47*4
Chi Ind & L. 8 | Do prefd 80
Do prefd ... 32 UPD & 0 12U
Chi & X W ..m^i Wabash B\4
Do prefd 190 Do prefd 22%
C C C & St L. 60% Wheel & L E 52
Do prefd '0 Do prefd 33U
Del & Hudson ....111 Express Companies—
Del L & W 1M Adams Ex 108W
I>el & Rio 0 24% American Ex .... 140
Do prefd 74H United States 55 '
Erie new 15% Wells Fargo 125
Do Ist prefd — 39% Miscellaneous—
Ft Wayne 178 A Cot Oil 36
Gt Nor prefd 178V4 Do prefd ........ 91%
Hocking Val 3 Amn Spirits 13%
Illinois Cent 116% Do prefd 36
Lake Erie & W.... 19 Am Tobacco .....145
Do prefd 6«Vi Do prefd 136
Lake Shorn 200/4.Cons Gas .-...200U
Louis & Nash..... 66Vi Com Cable Co ....190
Manhattan L .....112%jC0l F & 1r0n...... 34%
Met. St Ry 225% Do prefd 96
Mich Cent 115 Gen Electric mv.
Minn & St L " 46% Haw Com! C 0..... 67%
Do Ist prefd .... 98 Brooklyn R T 9214
Mo Pacific 46% Intnl Paper 64
Mobile & 0hi0.... 40 Do prefd 91
Mo X & T 14Vi Laclede Gas 54
Do prefd 37% Lead 3714
N J Central 100>4 Do prefd 113
NT Central ......135% Fed Steel 6114
NT Chi &St L.. 15% Do prefd 86%
Do Ist "prefd .... 72 Nat Lin. Oil- 7
' Do 2d prefd .... 38 Pacific Mall ...... 12%
Nor Weft 19 People's Gas 114
No Amer Co 8% Pullman Pal 159
No Pacific 51^ Silver Cert 594
Do prefd : SO% 'Standard R & T.. 9 ,
Ontario & W ...... 22\% L Sugar 133%
Or R & Nay 16 || Do prefd ........ 112' i
Or Short Line...... 42 T C 4 Iron 43% ,
Pac Coast Ist pfd. 85 US Leather 7%
Do 2d prefd .... 64 Do prefd ..73
Pittsburg ....180 U S Rubber 51
Reading 21% Do prefd 115
Do Ist prefd .... 60% West Union 95%
ROW 41% Oregon Nay prefd. 74**
Do prefd 74 jPac Coast 4S '
Rock Island 1«% Colo Southern...... 7%
St L& S W Vi Do Ist prefd .... 65%
Do prefd .. 26% Do 2d prefd .... 22
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 3s 107 ,N V Central 15t5. .117%
U S new is reg....125% N J C 6s 115
Do coup 126% N Carolina 6s 130
V 84s 112% Do 45....... 104
Do coup ........ .113)4 No Pac lsts .115%
Do 2ds 99 Do 3s 68%
US 6s reg 112*4 Do 4s 103' i
Do 68 coup 112J4 N V C & St L 45. .107&
District 3. 655....... 117',, Nor & W 6s 129
Ala class A 107 Northwestern c0n. 143%
Do B 107 Do deb 5s '..122
Do C 101 O Nay lsts.... 11l
Do Currency 100 O Nay 4s 10014
Atchison 4s 101% O S Line 6s tr 129
Do adj 4s 83% O S Line 5s tr 111%
Can So 2ds 111% Reading 4s BS*i
C & O 4%s 96% R G W lsts 93 -
Chi Term 4s 105% St L & I m con 65. 111%
C 4 Ohio 58 118% St L & S F gen 65. 123
C H & D 4%s 104% St P Con 162*4
D & R G lsta 103*4 St P C & P 15t5. ..119
D & RG 4s 100's Do Bs 121%
East Term lets 104^4 So Ry 5s 105%
Brie Gen 4s 73". Stand R & T 65... .SG%
F W & D lsta tr.. 85% Term new set 35... 97
Gen Elec 5s 11l Tex Pac L G lsts. .lll
G II & S A 6s 109 Do Rg Ids 49%
Do 2ds 110% Union Pac 4s 105
H&T Css .110 UPD & G lsts.... 89%
Do con 6s .....110 Wab Ist 5s 115
lowa C lsts 109% Do 2ds 97
La new con 4s 109 W Shore 4s 112%
LAN Unl 4* 96 Va Centuries S6<£
Ho Pac con 6s 113% Do deferred 8%
M X A T 2ds 66% Wls Cent lsts 66
Do 4s 93% Colo Southern 45... 87
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 23 Ontario 6 50
Crown Point 10 Ophlr 65
Con Cal & Va...... 1 65 Plymouth ......... 102
Deadwood , 45 Quicksilver 200
Gould & Curry 28 Do prefd 600
Hale & Norcross.. 20 Sierra Nevada 83
Homestake ■ ...60 00 Standard 2 15
Iron Silver 78 Union Con 40
Mexican 40] Yellow Jacket...;. 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— • Bonds-
Call loans 2 ©3 Atch prefd. 62
Time loans 2%gi4 Atehison 4s lOOy,
Stocks— Wis Central 2%
Atch Top &St Fe. 22% Mining Shares—
Amer Sugar 133% Allouez Mln C 0.... 10%
Do prefd 113 Atlantic 46
Bell Tel 315 Boston & M0nt. ...349
Boston & Albany.. 249 Butte & Boston — 89
Boston & Maine. ..l7l Calumet & Hec1a..775
Boston L 88 Centennial 44%
Chi Bur & Q 135% Franklin 25%
Fitchburg 115 Old Dominion 37
Gen Electric 110% Osceola 100
Mexican Central... 6% Quincy 181
Old Colony 200 Tamarack MO
Rubber 67 Wolverine 49
Union Pac 47 Parrott 38%
West' End 93 Humboldt 2%
Westingh Elec 43%.Union Land 7%
"Win Cent 24 Adventure 11%
Ed .Elec Tel ...199V4' Winona 18
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Feb. . The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
. The markets here had a good start, but reac
tion occurred early. The market has a feel-
Ins that both Americans and Africans nave
been overbought.' The close was depressed.
Americans began firm. One arbitrageur or
dered freely, and then London selling set in,
making a choppy market after receipt of the
New York prices. The street was distinctly
flat, tut there was a half dollar rally just at
th* last. Tintos touched 40% and closed at 40.
Copper was a pound down. Anacondas touched
i 91 1-16 and closed at 90 on the sale of heavy
j blocks, understood to emanate from tl»3 ex
-1 ploration company of the Rothschilds.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Feb. Canadian Pacific, 88% c;
Northern Pacific preferred, 82% c: Union Pacific
preferred, 82% c; Grand Trunk, 7%c. Bar Silver
dull, 27% d. Money, 1 per cent.
BRADSTREET*S FINANCIAL REVIEW.
I NEW YORK, Feb. 3.— Bradstreet's Financial
I Review to-morrow will say: Although the I
! stock market has been active, the volume of
i transactions has fallen from the high records
; established In the preceding week. As the
close of a month attended by a phenomenal
amount of trading and public participation
naturally resulted In a large Increase of the
: detail work, which was already almost over- j
' taxing the facilities of the average brokerage 1
! establishment, the change was not an unwel
come one. In fact, it was suggested that, in
view of the facts, the larger interests con
nected with the market here concluded to give
i Wall street a badly needed respite. At the.
same time, after, such a remarkable exhibi
tion of strength and speculative excitement as
the preceding week has afforded, a reaction
was considered due by many experienced ob
\ servers and not a few of the professional
traders have shown a disposition to take the
; bear side, .at least temporarily. It cannot be
I said that the course of the market has cor-
J responded with such expectations. It has been
! strong in tone, there have been no marked de
' clines, concessions in prices developed buying
j support and heavy sales by London produced
little impression.
On Friday, In particular, when the declines
were sharpest and traders seemed to be suc
cessfully raiding the market, the end of the
day brought with it renewed buying support
j and a sharp recovery of the losses. Yet it has |
! also been evident that the eager public pur- I
! chasing of stocks has been measurably ex
: hausted. The fresh buying orders that come
into the market are largely limited to figures
1 under current quotations, and on the other
j hand realizing of profits on a large scale has
I been one of the most prominent factors in the
j week's speculation. In fact conservative
! houses have generally advised such action, and
! the public has not been slow to follow it. This
checked the general advancing tendency and j
1 caused Irregular declines in many of the stand- I
I ard stocks and those which led last week's j
' rise. On the other hand bullish activity has
I been mainly turned to specialties and securi
i ties manipulated by the many bull pools
which are usually organized when the market
'is la its present condition. As already stated
i the larger interests have not been aggressively
1 active, whether for the reason suggested in
■ the opening sentences or because they were
prepared for a measurable reaction. In some
instances support was extended from such
sources when the realizing sales or the pressure
of short selling by traders seemed likely to
cause declines which might be serious. There
i were no declines of striking importance and the
I rumors of the week, while mainly of a favor
-1 able character, produced no such general effect
as the talk of a new Vanderbllt consolidation
deal, which was one of the ! chief factors in
last week's exceptional bull market. Strength j
and weakness were irregularly displayed this
week, and while the former has predominated j
; the opinion seemed to gain ground, particularly
in Wall-street professional circles, that the j
. bull speculation culminated, at least tempo
-1 rarily. In the wonderful activity of January
! 23 and the succeeding days.
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK, Feb. The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
j February- 3, with the percentage of increase
I and decrease, as compared with the correspond
ing week last year:
Percentage.
Cities— Inc. Dec.
New York 11,393.518,002 44.8 ....
Boston 156.247,761 25.5 ....
Chicago . 121,781,000 47.1 ....
Philadelphia 89,074,781- 37.1
St. Louis 29,204,268 . 6.6 '....
; Pittsburgh... 23,104,997 32.9 ....
! Baltimore .......... 24,294,175 37.8 ....
! San Francisco 17,043,444 2.4
! Cincinnati 13,226,350 2.5
I Kansas City 11,165,842 7.0
New Orleans 10,140,745 .... , 0.8
Minneapolis '9,373.073 28.0
Detroit 7,530,227 19.9
Cleveland 9,099,081 29.4 ....
Louisville .......... 8.684,953 5.9 ....
Providence 4,515.500 35.5 ....
Milwaukee v 5,017,148 .... 6.8
St. Paul 4,022,903 15.2
Buffalo 4.449.371 11.5 ....
Omaha 6,96*. 183 37.7
Indianapolis 6.449.515 37.4 ....
Columbus, 0 6,113.400 12.6
Savannah 3.383,353 , 18.4 ....
Denver 3,327,376 6.0 ....
Hartford I 2.799,212 24.1
Richmond 3.254.033 48.6 ....
Memphis 2,201,339 40.8
Washington 2.014.444 ' 10.8
Peoria 1.493,314
Rochester 1.872,853 .... " 12 8
New Haven 1.734.320 6.2
Worcester ' 2,154,731 60.2
Atlanta - 1,409,304 2.4
Salt Lake City 2,373.900 65.2-
Springfield, Mass.. 1,788,129 17.8 • ""
Fort Worth. 2,255,670 4«.fl
Portland, Me 1,391,035 19.0 ..."
Portland. Or. 1,972.727 ....
St. J05eph........... 2,010,253 52.3 .'.'.'.
Log Angeles 1,655,836 27.2
Norfolk 1,074,992. 17.3 '-**'
Syracuse ........... 1,036,867 .... "j'j
Dcs M01ne5. ......... 1.564,717 62.7
Nashville ........... 1,287,997 ... r 7*2
Wilmington, Del... 808,126 38.8 ..'.
Fall River.......... 987.336 14.5 ....
Scranton .... . - 931.141 .... ; - " ■
Grand Rapids...... 1.1R3.136 ....'
II Augusta, Ga 876,077 51
Lowell .............. 1,019,690 72.1
Dayton, 0.... 890.494 -,• 29.9
Seattle .....1,087.310 27.1
Taeoma ..... 687,748 20.8 ..
Spokane' -983.772 42.2 ....
Sioux City. ........ 823.766 1.3
New Bedford 835,877 . 125.6 ..V.
Knoxvllle, Term.... ".- 615,203 •£ 9.1
Topeka 370,088 -•'.- .... 22 4
Birmingham. .:..... 628.808 50.2 ' ..
Wichita 498,983 ...;
Blnghamton ....... ■'■'.'■-. 334,400 : .'..••. 8.2
Linc01n 'A....:......' ;." 331.469 .... : 2.0
Lexington. - Ky ' 342,500 '.*.... '*>'. ....
Jacksonville, Fla.. 284,307 -■:■;.< 25.1 •■'....
Kalamazoo ......... 341,500 -'. . 87.5 ....
Akron ..;.;..;. ,: v ;. 407.400 .. 73.0 ....
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1899. "
Bay City 165,881 .... ....
Chattanooga 342,165 .... ....
Rockford, 111 232,329 58. 9 .. .
Canton, O 196,000 lC.fl ....
Springfield. O .... 188,792 ll.i ....
Fargo, N. D... 251.122 68.4 ....
Sioux Falls, S. D.. 110.373
Hastings. Neb 136.217 i 4.6 . ..
Fremont, Neb 124,238 .... 28.3
l>avenport 790,401 15.0
Toledo 1,607,829 1.8
Galveston 8,252.400 32.3
Houston 7,218,478 4.1
Youngstown 292.385 8.7
Macon 692,020 .... 5.4
Evansville 591.700 ....
Helena 458.607 ....
Little Rock 317.681
Totals, U. S $2,036,013,734 38.4
Totals outside of
New York 647.495.512 26.1
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $ 14.994,542 3.0
Toronto 10,016,109 20.6 ....
Winnipeg 1,688,437 22.4 ....
Halifax 1,254.079 9.7
Hamilton 727.427 12.0
St. John, N. B 552,527 27.7
Victoria 715,525 ....
Vancouver 615,442 — ....
Totals $ 29,233,151 10.4
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK. Feb. 3.— R. Q. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade will say to-morrow:
Failures in January were smaller than in any
previous month except August, 1898, and July,
1897, and the proportion of solvent payments
to clearing house exchanges is smaller than
In any other month of which records exist. In
January there were but 36 cents per $1000 clear
ing house payments, and the smallest, In any
previous month had been about $1 08 per $1000.
The defaulted liabilities were $7,721,897, against
$10,451,513 last year, a decrease of 26 per cent
and 5S per cent smaller than in 1897, 67 per
cent smaller than in 1896, 50 per cent smaller
than in 1896, and 75 per cent smaller than in
18y4. The manufacturing failures were the
smallest excepting August, 1898. There were
only seven failures for $100,000 or more, and the
average of liabilities per failure is smaller
than In January of any other year, .and the
small failures are not only fewer in number,
but smaller In average liabilities than in any
previous year. Considering that January is
usually one of the- largest months of the year
In failures, the return is surprising as well as
encouraging.
The volume of business In January has been
far beyond all precedent. Exchanges through
clearing houses have been 44 per cent larger
than last year, and 59.7 per cent larger than
In 1892, and while speculation In stocks at New
York materially increases the volume of pay
ments, it was larger out9ide this city by 33.3
per cent than in 1592. It is pertinent to note
that the remarkable expansion in the aggre
gate of business payments comes in spite of a
matprial decline in prices during the past seven
years, so great that the payments of J52.000.000
would cover about as much business as pay
ments of $100,000,000 in 18'J2. It is not strange
that European exchanges arc disturbed and
alarmed and a rise in sterling, even when
gold is being shipped this way, is one of the
interesting features. It is commonly ascribed
to recent sales of stocks on European account,
but It would take a million shares at ordinary
prices to cover one month's merchandise bal
ance. Europe is not buying enough to cover
Its accumulating excess of merchandise exports
over imports.
The most remarkable feature of the week has
been the decline of 5 cents In wheat, with only
a cent in corn and only a sixteenth in cotton.
The Government estimate of the wheat crop,
675.000.000 bushels, has more Influence than any
other from that source : ■- a number of years,
because it is recognized as the result of great
efforts to get at the truth, and is therefore con
sidered about the lowest estimate admissible.
With ordinary consumption and present ex
ports of 150.000,000 bushels from the crop of
I*<«\ flour included, there will be less than 100,
--000,000 bushels for replenishment of stocks, for
farmers' holdings and for exports In the next
five months, and the exports of 4.942,460 bushels,
flour included, from Atlantic ports, against
3.0f<4.517 last year and 1,495,604 from the Pacific
porta, against 776.540 last year, besides 3n9,855
bushels from Duluth and Portland, Maine,
■how a stress of foreign demand which may
well recover prices.
A very strong market for cotton goods has
prevailed and prevents raw cotton from declin
ing. The advance in goods has been unusual
and has been sustained by heavy buying, espe
cially of print cloths and kindred products. The
prospect is that the outgo will place dealers
and manufacturers in a stronger position than
they have held for years, with smaller stocks i
of goods unsold. A better tone appears in the
woolen goods market also, with time Important
I grades, which were opened at a great reduc
tion In prices, recently advanced, which has
stimulated the demand for all grades. Sales
of wool have been fairly largo, 30.7^2,4^0 pounds
for the year thus far, against 3fi.552.470 pounds
last year, 50,111,300 pounds in 1897 and 26,942,000
pounds in 1892.
Philadelphia has made considerable sales to
Eastern mills and to others starting after
long idleness. The iron industry Is advancing
prices of products rather than of materials.
Pig has remained without change thin week,
anticipating that six or seven furnaces will
be put in blast as soon as possible. The de
mand is strong, but not apparently urgent at
the chief markets. Eastern bars and plates
have advanced with very heavy demand, and
cut nails have been hoisted by th» association
of makers. The rush of orders for the future
does not cease and the works are generally cov
ered for months ahead, for ships and for ex
port. In minor metals the speculative fever at
London has caused considerable advance, and
the tlnplate combination has advanced prices
25 cents. As yet the prices of products do not
seem to disturb the foreign demand, which Is
yet strong, but in all the minor metals the
London market Is singularly uncertain.
Failures for the week have beeen 224 in the
United States, against 335 last year, and 25 in
Canada, against 39 last year.
j BRADSTREET 1 S ON TRADE CONDITIONS.
NEW* YORK, Feb. 3.— Bradstreefs to-morrow
will say: A quieting down of speculative in
terest Is noticeable In a number of markets this
week, without, however, bringing to light any
Important impairment of the underlying
strength of the general business situation.
The outburst of last week In wheat and cot
i ton, in fact, must be regarded as furnishing
) a vent for outside speculative interest, because
I these staples did not suddenly gain in strength
from causes located In those trades, but the
activity was really a result of an overflow of
speculation from the stock market. The im
portant price recessions of the week are those
noted in wheat and other cereajs, except oats.
Immediately instrumental in bringing about
this reaction might be mentioned the final Gov
ernment estimate of last year's crop, placing
It at 675,000,000 bushels, far in excess of earlier
estimates by the same authority and exceeding
all but the most sanguine of the trading esti
mates, which had generally fixed upon 650,000,
--000 bushels as the probable maximum yield.
The advance In wheat checked export trade,
but an improvement in this direction is re
ported at the lower range of values. A sym
pathetic quieting down of interests in cotton
is to be noted.
The feature of the iron trade this week is
the announcement of the selling of practically
the entire output of the Lake Superior ore
mines for the coming year. Large pigiron con
sumers appear to have, temporarily at least,
withdrawn from the market and the Iron mar
kets as a whole are quiet. An active demand
for finished products, however, mill continues,
and steel plates. Iron bars, rails, structural and
car material have been in active request, with
pome important advances reported, more par
ticularly at Western points. The strength of
other metals continues a feature, heavy ad
vances being reported in copper, tin, spelter
and lead. The strength of the lumber market
is a feature and the scarcity of hard woods
is still complained of. Leather is firm on a
slight improvement in the tone of the boot and
shoe trade. Cold, stormy weather, while in
terfering to some extent with wholesale dis
tributive trade, has been beneficial to retail
lines, which have made good sales of heavy
clothing and footwear. Spring trade has shown
a further advance at a number of markets
and the outlook is regarded as a favorable
Wheat, including flour, shipments for the
wefk aggregate 6,585.418 bushels, against 4.997.
--522 last week, 3,365, f >35 In the corresponding
week of 'IMS, 3.16R.746 In 1897. 2.907,354 in 1596
and 2.020.521 in 189;">. Since July L this season,
the exports of wheat aggregate 150,817,709 bush
els, against 150.129,924 last year.
Kuniness failures for the week number 207,
against 248 last week, 297 in this week a year
ago 305 in 1897. 338 in 1898 and 293 in 1895.
Canadian failures for the week number 36.
as compared with S2 last week. 42 In this week
a year ago, 58 in 1897, 60 in 1896 and 51 in 1895.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Feb. 3 —FLOUR— Receipts, 32,
--508 barrels; exports, 20,146. Entirely neglected
and 5(&15c lower to sell. Minnesota patents, $4
@4 25; winter patents. $3 fs®4 10: winter straits,
$3 60(g3 70, winter extras, $2 70<f?3.
WHEAT— Receipts, 128,800 bushels; exports,
60,646; spot, steady. No. 2 red, 82Vic f. o. b.
afloat to arrive. Options were weak through
out practically the entire day. It was a case
rather of light demand than of oppressive of
ferings, the break in Wall street discouraging
buyer*. Most of the news was bearish, includ
ing big Argentine shipments, lower cables and
enow west. Export trade, however, was again
fairly brisk. Closed weak at %@ftc net de
cline: March. 80£<60%c, closed 80c.
HOrs— Steadier.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOl,— Firm.
METALS— There was a halt to-day In the
Upward movement In metals and more or less
hesitation was manifested by buyers. While
cable advices and dispatches from primary
points demonstrated beyond question that the
general situation was a firm one, the unset
tled state of the leading speculative market
here tended to Inspire caution all around. At
the close the metal exchange called pig iron
warrants nominal at $8 50; lake copper, un
changed, with $17 50 bid and $17 75 asked; tin
easier, with $24 50 bid and $25 75 asked; lead]
unchanged, with $4 70 bid and $4 75 asked'
j>pelter, firm, with $5 80 bid and $5 90 asked'
The brokers' price for lead is $4 30 and cod
; per $18.
cnFFEE— Options closed quiet and unchanged
! to & points lower: sales. 8750 bags, Including:
March, ti> 65: .Tune, $5 85; August, $6; October
i $6 10; December. $6 25; January, J8 30.
SPOT COFFEE— Rio. dull and steady; No 7
invoice. 6^,c; No. 7 Jobbing, 7%c. Mild, quiet*
Cordova, -7V&@l4c.
SUGAR— Raw, strong and higher; fair refln-
Ing, 3%c; centrifugal, 96 test, 4%£; molasses
sugar, 6%c. Sales, 2000 bags. Centrifugal, 4%c.
Refined, strong and higher; No. 10, 4V4c; No. 11,
4 3-16 c; No. 12, 4 3-16 c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 4000 packages; firm.
Western creamery, 14<g>19c; Elgina, 19c; fac
tory, 12@14c.
EGGS— Receipts, 4689 package; firm. Waat
ern, lS*4c; southern, 18@19*4c.
'DRIED FRUITS. . .
NEW YORK, Feb. 3.— California dried fruits,
firm. ■ ' ■ :.-*;■, ■■ -. ' ■ ■■' ■>•■«. ■ ;
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, '7@Bc;
prime • wire tray, B%@9c; choice, 9%@9%c;
fancy, 9%@10c. .
PRUNES— ' •
APRICOTS— RoyaI, ll@14c; Moorpark, ll@l7c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 9@llc; peeled, 2J®2sc.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Fell. 3.— Apparently everything
•was against the price of Wheat at the outset,
but the market, nevertheless, started quite
firm. Argentine shipments were 624,000 bushels
Wheat during the week, against 40,000. bushels
the week preceding, "and .Liverpool was Id
lower tor spot wheat and %d lower for fu
tures, while outside markets all showed con- '
siderable weakness, owing to the sharp de
cline of the last' few days a profitable shortage
had been created which the more experienced
traders tried to secure under cover of the .
bearish ' news, enabling them to execute the
maneuver without attracting ■ notice. • May
opened a shade higher at 73ft@73%c, and as .
some of the bulls who succeeded in getting out
near the top of the recent advance were ready
, to try another Investment, May was bid up to
74c. The market kept up pretty well for an
hour ana a nan. At me end of mat time, buy
ers seemed to nave enough, but there was null
wheat for sale. Alter drugging slowly lor a
time between 7 3 y»<&- < the market began to
yield a little. .No sooner had the price touched
i'3%c, until everybody seemed to have wheat .
for sale, so from that point down to 73c very ,
little could be disposed of, and not until May. 1
reached 71!%c did the buying become urgent
enough to cause a slight reaction. In the Unal
dealings 1 shorts covered freely and May } im
proved to . 73<&)73%c, the closing price, a* net
loss of %c.
'xhe weakness of Wheat extended to Corn and
caused a good deal of liquidation, j May left off
%c lower.
Oats followed Wheat and Corn. May de
clined J /ic.
General outside liquidation through ■ commis
sion houses weakened Provisions, j A good
many stop orders were encountered on the
break and this led to sharp declines throughout
the list. Pork lost 22% c; lard, 10@12%c, and
ribs, 7%c. .
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May . 73% 74 72* 73%
July 71% 72 71%. 71ft
Corn No. 2 —
May .... • 35% 35% 37% 37%
July :.- -j, 38% 87* 38
September 3a 39% 35% : 38%
Oats No. 2—
May 25% 28% 28% 25%
Ju1y....... 26% -■•-, -26% 26%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
May 10 40 10 40 10 17% 10 20
.bard, per 100 pounds —
May 585 685 5 72% 675
July .5 Ha 5 "Jo 5 85 6 85
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
May 515 6 17% 6 07 % 510 .
July ; 625 625 5 22% 6 22%
Cash quotations were as follows:
, Flour, dull and neglected; No. 2 spring wheat,
69@71c; No. 3 spring wheat, 64@70c; No. 2 red,
B'73c; No. 2 corn, 36&36Vic; No. 2 oats, 27%
@2sc; No. 2 white, 3t)%i&3lc; No. 3 white, 29*i®
30% c; No. 2 rye, 55c; No. 2 barley, 41ig52c; No.
1 flaxseed, $1 14%- prime timothy seed, $2 35®
2 40; mess pork, per barrel, $10@10 10; lard, per
100 pounds, $5 55<1i5 57', ; short rib sides, loose,
$4 SQ@5; dry salted shoulders, boxed, 4Vi<&4s»c;
short clear sides, boxed, $5 10®5 20; whisky,
distillers' finished goods, per gallon, $1 25.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 11,000 . 10,000
Wheat, bushels..... 27.000 3,000
Corn, bushels 641,000 159,000
Oats, bushels 246,000 191,000
Rye, bushels 11,000 1,000
Barley, bushels 40,000 4,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creameries, 13®18%c; dairies,.
10%@16c. Eggs, steady; fresh, 17@17%c. Cheese,
steady, unchanged. f .
' WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities — Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 280,500 220
Duluth .112,481 '
Milwaukee 35,700 3,500
Chicago 76,700 3.291
Toledo ....' 24.&20 ' 12,500
St. Louis.. 26,000- 18,000
Detroit ;..........'. 26,625 1,657
Kansas City 42.500 34,500 j
Totals ......'......"..........625.000 101,671
Tidewater .--,-.
Boston '36,815 . .
New York 128.800 60.646 !
Philadelphia ..:.. 12,969 v 2,852
Baltimore :. 14,690 -■'
New Orleans ' 70,020
Galveston 51,156 126,450
Totals '. 244,430 249,968
, LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
• Wheat— ' March. May.
Opening .... .'...' 6 9% 5 8%
Closing .......6 9 6 8
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— Feb. May-July, j
Opening '. 45 60 46 00 ,
Closing 45 60 45 95 |
Wheat —
Opening- 21 73 21 80 ;
Closing 2175 2175 j
CALIFORNIA RAISINS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Feb. 3.— The Journal of Com
merce says: "Increasing demand for California'
dried fruits, with the approaching spring con
suming season, seems to be causing a gradual
upward movement In spot prices In all lines
outside of loose raisins.
"Although the latter are generally held up to
quotations, there are still some lots that were
bought early in the season at comparatively j
low figures which, while not being actually
forced on the market, can. it is understood, !
be purchased at a shade under quoted figures
owing to the continued light demand.
"The principal feature of the dried fruit mar
ket at present Is the enlarged demand, for
peaches and apricots, especially the latter. In
quiry comes chiefly from large handlers at In- j
terior j points like Chicago and Philadelphia, j
and Is directed to this market where supplies.
while unusually light ■ for this time of year, I
are said to be greater than anywhere else. On
the coast it Is reported scarcely . anything in
the way of peaches or apricots Is to be had,
and supplies In all other markets outside of
New York appear to be virtually exhausted. I
Here the stock Is small and in few hands.
Local holders. are Indifferent sellers and their
views seem to be above those of most buyers,
hence, while inquiry is quite active, compara
tively little business results. The demand- Is
not of a speculative character, no attempt |at ■
a corner . being made, such sales as are re
ported being to cover actual wants of consump
tion. The much discussed effort to organize i
a combination of prune growing interests has j
been without Influence on consuming markets, |
which owe their present firmness to a better '
demand from consumers and limited supplies in
all positions of sizes most wanted, such as
40s to 50s and extremely small -fruit. Medium
sizes, in consequence of the scarcity of above I
mentioned, are coming In for . more attention j
and in consequence a firmer feeling prevails."
• SPECULATION IN STANDARD OIL.
NEW YORK, Feb. 3.— Considerable liquida- '
tion in Standard Oil certificates • was the fea
ture of the early "curb" operations. The I
offerings were stimulated by the disappoint- |
ment of the dividend declarations, a larger
distribution than the extra 3 per cent having
been expected. The stock closed yesterday at
450 bid and to-day at 435®435. The low level I
invited support to the. stock and on compara- j
tively light purchases the price bounded up to
435 at 11:30 a. m. ■ - -■- > ;.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. ' I ' : .
Chicago, Feb. 3.— The small supply of cattle
to-day sold :at generally -■■ unchanged prices.
Fancy cattle, $6@6 30; choice. steers, $5 60@5 95;
medium, $5@5 25; beef steers, $4@4 95; stockers I
and. feeders, $3@4 80; bulls, $2 70@4 25; cows anil |
heifers, $3 30@4; western fed steers, $4 20@5 £6; j
Texas steers, $3 75@5 10; calves, $4@7 25. -,
. HOGS— Ruled stronger.'. The bulk brought
$3 75@3 90 and the extreme range, $3 66®3 97' |
pigs, $3 60®3 60. '—  '■. • -■ ; .
SHEEP— Were active at steady prices. . In- |
ferior to prime sheep, $2 50®4 30; yearling weth- !
ers, $4 20@4 50; lambs, $4@6. - -
Receipts— Cattle, 2600; hogs, 29,000; sheep,
6600. _ >' ■..-■ . \ -.'
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Feb. . Consols,' •- 111 3-16; Silver,
27% d; French Rentes, 102f 67% c; wheat cargoes j
off coast, buyers and : sellers apart; cargoes on ,
passage, quieter; cargoes Walla /Walla, T 28s Cd; .
English country markets, dull. ' , ,
LIVERPOOL, : Feb. 3.— WHEAT, dull: No. 1
standard California, .6s Bd@6s 9d ; wheat . In
Paris, steady; flour In Paris, firm; French !
country markets, steady; weather In England,
frosty. . :
COTTON— Uplands, 3 9-32 d. ■ - . \
WHEAT— Spot, dull. • No. 1 California, 5a 8d; !
No. 2 red • western winter, V6s ; 2d; . No. ■■'. 1 red
northern, fis. < ■■'■•■■ • • ■ ■
. CORN— Spot, quiet. American mixed, new,
--3s v l; do, old. 3s 9%d. '■-'■: - ■'_':. - ....
■■■ Receipts of wheat during the past three days,
435,000 centals, including 326,000 American. •
Receipts of American v corn during the '.past
three days, 166,000 centals. : .- ' " -• .:■
CORN— Futures, quiet. February. 8« 8d;
March, 3s 7Hdj May, 3s 7%d. .•
'• '-■"■<' CLOSING. '■ '. '", -'. ■ '^T&ti '
LIVERPOOL," Fab. 3.— Futures
closed steady; March, 5s 9d; May, 5s Bd.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS. .
PORTLAND, . Or., Feb. 8.-Clearances, ; $282,- '
876; balances, ; $80,620. *"? : \V*:-f: ■
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON. I.:.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. «.— Wheat—
Walla, 58@59c; Valley, 60@61c; Blue Stem, 62c.
PORTLAND. Or., Feb. 3.-Forelgn wheat
shipments from Portland for the week ending
to-day were 824,272 bushels. . i ■
: ' WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., Feb. 3— Wheat— Club. 69c;
Blue Stem, 62@63c.
'. y--'-\ - ' *- : :■' /
LOCAL MARKETS.
, EXCHANGE AND BULLION.. '• .
Sterling Exchange, 60 day 5....... — $4 84
Sterlln Exchange, sight.. — 4 86%
Sterling Cables .....'. ........... _ 4 87
New York Exchange, sight... — • 17%
New York Exchange, telegraphic j — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce — . 69%
Mexican Dollars — . 471^
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
. WHEAT— The Louis Pasteur took for Cork
55,333 centals, valued at $63,600. . '
The market continued weak and dull, with a
further decline in futures.
$1 6 1 I s@l nH a pe~r S etl PPin& n * @1 "* ; ml " ln
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— May— Booo ctls,
$1 15%; 2000, $1 15%.
Second Session— May— ctls, $1 15%.'
Regular Morning May— 6ooo ctls,
$1 15%. ,
Afternoon Session— May— 2ooo ctls, $115%;
18,000, $1 15%; 26,000, $1 15%.
BARLEY— There is less weakness and the top
Quotation was paid for choice bright Feed.
jf Feed, $1 25@1 28%; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sale*.
Second Session — sales'.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — sales.
OATS— market was quiet at unchanged
prices.
Fancy Feed, $1 35@1 37%- per ctl; good to
choice. $1 27%@1 32%; common, $1 25; Surprise,
$1 42%@1 50; Gray, $1 27%@1 32%; Milling. $1 32%
ill 35 per ctl; Red, $1 55@1 65; Black, $160®
1 75. '..■
CORN— Quotations remain unchanged, with a
lifeless market. .
Small round Yellow, $1 16; Eastern large Yel
low, $1 07%@l 10; White, $1 10; mixed, $1 07%<3
1 10 per ctl; California White. $1 12%.
RYE— sl 15@1 17% per ctl. .
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR ■ AND MILLSTUFFS.
The China steamer took out 11,636 barrels
Flour.
California family extras, $4@4 15;
bakers' extras, $3 90@4; Oregon and Washing
ton, $3@3 65 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are 'as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour, $2 75
per 100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 20; Oat
Groats. $4 40; Hominy. $3 25@3 50; Buckwheat
Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina,
$4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels), $5 85@6 25; in sacks, $5 65@6 05; Pearl
Barley. Si; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 pounds.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Dealers report a stronger tone to the Hay
market, though there Is no improvement in
prices. Bran and Middlings are unsettled.
There will be an enormous sowing of Alfalfa
Hay this year.' Judging from the heavy sales
of Alfalfa Seed.
BRAN— 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— 23 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $26@27
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31@31 60;
jobbing. $32032 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24@25; Cot
tonseed ' Meal, $28@30 per ton; Cornmeal,
$23 COS 24 60; Cracked Corn, $24<g25; Mixed Feed.
$19 60020. . ■•■".. -
CALIFORNIA HAY — Wheat, $16@17 60 for
good to choice and $14@15 for lower grades; no.
fancy coming In; Wheat and Oat, $14@16; Oat,
513 50*514 50; Island Barley, $13@14; Alfalfa, $12
@13; Stock, none; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY <from Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
Wheat and Wheat and Oat. $13 50@14 50; Cheat,
$12@12 50; Alfalfa, ; Oat, $13@14; Clover,
$11 50(512; Timothy, $12@13 60 per ton.
STRAW— per bale. ' . ,
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Alfalfa Seed continues to advance under an
unusually brisk demand. Beans . are un
changed.
BEANS— Bayos, $1,85@1 95; Small Whites, $2
©2 15; Large Whites, $1 75@1 85: Pinks. $2®
2 10; Reds. $3 30@3 35; Blackeye, $3 76; Butters,
$2 25@2 50; Limas, $3 20@3 25; Pea, $2 360* GO;
Red Kidneys, $2 40 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, ,$4 60®4 75 per ctl;
yellow Mustard, $3 75@4; Flax, nominal; Canary
Seed, 2%@2%c per lb: Alfalfa. 8%@8%c; Rape,
2%©2»ic; Hemp, 2%@3c; Timothy, 6@5%c. • - -= .
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 65®1 70; Green, S3 10
per ctl. ,  .-,... -,,
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Some hothouse Asparagus from Sacramento
sold at 15@20c per lb. String Beans were scarce
and higher. Potatoes and Onions stood about
the same. .
POTATOES— SIIO@I 15 per ctl for Early
Rose; 75c<S$l per sack . for River Burbanks;
Petaluma Burbanks. 80@90c; Oregon. 80c@$l 10;
Sweet Potatoes, $1 75 for Merced; New Pota
toes. l%@2c per lb. . - ,
ONIONS— 3S@6Oc per sack; Oregons, 65®90c
per ctl. •
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, 3@6c; String
Beans, 15® 20c; Cabbage, 50c; Tomatoes, $1
@1 50 for Los Angeles; Egg Plant, 10@12%c per
lb: Garlic. 4@6c per lb; Dried Okra. 15c per lb;
Green Peppers, 10c per lb: Dried Peppers, 7@
12% c; Marrowfat Squash, $20@25 per ton; Car
rots, 25@35c per sack; Mushrooms, 10@15c per
lb. ' v
/ POULTRY AND GAME.
Poultry Is firm under light stocks. Game
sells at steady prices. '
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys. 13@16c; live
Turkeys. ll@l2c for Gobblers and 12@12%c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50® 1 75; Ducks, $4 50
@5 50; Hens, $4 50@5 50; young Roosters, $5 50ig:
6 50; old Roosters, $4 25® 4 60; Fryers, $5 60;
Broilers, $4 50<g.5 for large, $3 50@4 for small ;
Pigeons. $I@l 25 per dozen for old and $2®2 25
for Squabs. .
GAME— $1 60; Mallard, . $3®3 60; Can
vasback. $3@7; Sprig. $1 50@l 75; Teal. $150;
Widgeon, $l@l 25; Small Duck, $1; English
Snipe, $2 50; Jack Snipe, $1 25; Gray Geese. $2
®2 60; White Geese, 75c@$l; Brant, $I@l 50;
Honkers, $3@3 50: Hare, $1* Rabbits, $160 for
Cottontails and $1 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
The firmness In Creamery Butter continues
and sales are being made at 26c, though the
figure is not generally quoted. Cheese Is un
changed. Eggs are off again and weak at the
decline. -'U'^i
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 25c, with sales
higher; seconds, 22%@24c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 19@>20c; common
grades, 14@18c. ' • r • ■
Pickled Goods— Firkin,- 17®18c; pickled roll,
17@18c for dairy and 19@20c for creamery
squares; creamery tub. nominal, i ■ /
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 16@16%c per
lb; Elgin, nominal.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 11%®12e; old, 10
©lie; Cream Cheddar, 12@12%c; Young Amer
ica. 12@13c; Eastern, 10@12c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 23@25c per dozen; store
Eggs, 21@22%c; Eastern, .
. . DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
■ There Is nothing new In any description.
Supplies of Oranges, Lemons : and Apples are
sufficient for all current requirements.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— .
Apples, 35@75c for common, $l@l 25 per box
for No. 1 and $1 60@l 75 for choice.. \
Pears— per box. . » >
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, $1 50@2 75
per box; Seedlings, $I@l 50; Mandarins, $1 25
@1 50; Lemons. 76c@$l 60 for common and $2Q>3
for good to choice; Mexican Limes, $6 60®7;
California Limes. 60c@$l per small box; Grape
• Fruit, $I®2; Bananas, $1 26@2 50 per bunch;
Pineapples, $2@4 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
Small sales at steady prices are reported In
the local market. The New York market Is
thus reported by mall :
"With ■ some lines already : showing a sub
stantial advance and a firmer feeling develop
ing in others, the situation Is viewed . with
satisfaction. Fractional advances have been
noted In ; various lines from time to time, and
the tendency is still upward. Dealers all ad
mit that not for years at this season has the
prospect I for good business and < enlarged trade
been so promising. While . there are no large
orders, there are increasing smaller orders,
which. ■In the aggregate, furnish distribution
for good quantities of all staple varieties*"
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 6%c for 40-50' s.' 4%
@4%c for 60-60' s. 3%®3%c for 60-70"s, 2%©2« c for
10-80' s, 2%®2%c for 80-90' 2@2%c for 90-100'
and I%®2c for 100-110" > Silver Prunes, 2%@
6c; Peaches, 6@7%c for good to choice, 7%®Bc
• for fancy and 10@12%c for peeled; Apricots. 10
®12% c for Royals and 13% c for Moorpark-
Evaporated Apples, 7%®7%c; sun dried. 4@4%c"
Black Figs, sacks, 2%c; Plums, 4%@6c for
pitted and l@l%o for unpitted; Nectarines, 6®
7c for prime to fancy; Pears, 6@Bc for quarters
and B®9c for hi., es. -■■'- ■r ; •'•'. --.■••<■■'■■
. RAISINS— for two-crown.' 4%c for three
crown. 5%c for four-crown, 5%®6%c: for Seed
less Sultanas, 4%c for Seedless Muscatels and
$1 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2%®3c
,-■ NUTS— Chestnuts, 7c per lb; Walnuts, 7@Bc
for hardshell, 9@loc - for. f softshell; Almonds
7@Bc : for hardshell, 13@14c for tshell,' 15®16c
for paper-shell; Peanuts, 6®7c for Eastern and
4%®5c for California; Cocoanuts, $4 60@5. -. .
HONEY— Comb, 10®llc '-. for ■ bright and B®9o
for. lower grades; water white extracted, 6%@
7c; light amber extracted, 60; dark, 5®5%0
per lb. ' -•.-•■••' ■*■..•.■'.■■'.'.■ . :■ , ;<-',-.- ■■
BEESWAX— 24®26c per lb. • . ". .
V PROVISIONS.
Eastern - Hams are .%c higher. No other
changes.'; ;-.• '':■' . '.';'■ ,~' '■'. ■
; CURED ;ME ATS— ,'. 7%0 "] per . lb for
heavy, 80 for light medium, 10c tor light, 10% c
for extra light and 12®12%c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, ■ 10%®llc; ■ Cali
fornia Hams 9@loc; Mess Beef. $9 50 per bbl;
ext?i Mess Beef? $10; Family Beef $12 50; extra
Prime Pork, $11; extra clear, *16; mesa, $15;
S LARr^lie'rce's qTpted at 4*®s%c per lb for
■ compound and 7@Bc for pure; half barrels,
pure; B%c; 10-lb tine, B%c; 5-Jb tins. B%c. W
rOTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%@6%c; packages
less than SOOIbB, 1-lb palls. 60 In a case. 9V4c;
3 fb nails 20 in a case, fc%c; 6-lb palls, 12 In a
case sic- 10-lb palls, 6 In a case. B%c: 80-lb
mm I' or 2in a case. 7%c; wooden buckets .20
lbS\>rt SHe: fancy tubs. 80 lbs net. 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs. 7%c. /
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
There is no change in anything.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light. B@B%c; Cowhides.
B%@9c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf. 10c;
dry Hides, sound, 15c; Culls and Brands,
I2r- dry Kip and Veal, 16c; dry Calf,
17c : Sheepskins, shearlings. 10@30c each : short
Wool 36@60c each: medium. 70@90c; long Wool.
Mv^iiioeacb* Horse Hides, salt,- *1 75©2 for
law and $1 for small; Colts. 26050 a; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 25@1 76 L for . large and $1 for
TALLOW-No. 1 rendered. 3%(f3%c per Ib;
vi , 2 iz e . refined. 4% @5c: Grease. 2c
WOO^prlng clips-Southern Mountain. 12
_":v, 7/»ap- San Joaquin and Southern, 7
Souths' sfsc-' Foothill a nd Northern, free. 12
©He- Foothill and Northern, defective. 9@llc;
Humboldrand Mendocino. 14@15c; Nevada. 9®
lie; Eastern Oregon, 10@12c. • •
Fall Wools— • ' _,.
Humboldt and Mendocino 9@U
Northern Mountain — • I® 1 "
Southern ••• — ••; - '— g|| l ¥i
Plains ............•-•••• p"er'ib"itor'ordlnary.
HOPS— IB9B "crop. 10@12c per lb for ordinary,
12%@13c for good and 14@16c for choice to
fancy from first hands. ■ --.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 6%0 spot and
6%c future; Wool Bags, 26@28c; San Quentln
Bags. $4 96. '
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, *8; Southfield Wellington, $7 60; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 60;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland. $8 60@9 in bulk and
$10@10 25 in sacks ; Pennsylvania Anthracite
Egg, $14; Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs
and Castle Gate, $7 60; Coke. $12 per ton In
bulk and $14 in sacks. .
RlCE— China mixed, $3 95@54; China No. 1.
$4 r.o@4 90; extra do, $5@5 35; Hawaiian, $5 37%;
Japan, $4 35@4 75; Louisiana, $s<gs6 50.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: ' Cube, Crushed
and Fine Ciu&hed. 6%c; Powdered, 6%c; Candy
Granulated, 5%c; Dry Granulated. 6%c: "Con
fectioners' A. 5%c; California A, 5%c; Magno
lia A, 5%c; Extra C, sV*c; Golden C, 5Hc; half
barrels, %c more than barrels, and boxes Ho
more. No order taken for less than. 75 barrels
or its equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are now squarely up to Be and firm at
the advance. They are scarce all over the
State. The other descriptions are unchanged.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows :
I BEEF— quality, 7c; second quality, 6@
6%c; third quality, 5@5%c. .
VEAL— Large, 7@Bc; small, 7@Bc per lb.
MUTTON— S@B%c; Ewes. 7%@Ba
LAMB— per lb.
PORK— Hogs, 4H®4%c for large,. 4%@
Be for medium and 3\®4>4c for small; stock
Hogs, 3%<g4c; dressed Hogs, 6@7c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Friday, February 8. . ,
Flour, qr sks'..... 7,648 Hay, tons 201
Wheat, ctls ...... 47,472 Wool, bales 40
Barley, ctls 430 Eggs, doz 9,480
Oats, ctls 30 Sugar, bags 150
Butter, ctls 123 Wine, gals 96.300
Cheese, ctls 76 Leather, rolls ... 141
Tallow, ctls .... 112 Hides. No 1.554
Beans, sks ...... 1.172 Pelts, bdls 216
Potatoes, sks .... 4.405 Lime, bbls ...... 226
Onions, sks 470 Quicksilver, flks. 100
Bran, sks 1,385 Lumber, feet ... 20,000
Middlings, sks ... 292
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks I.ooo|Onions, sks ..... 800
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
. Eggs are still cheaper. . Butter and Cheese are
unchanged. •
Asparagus is coming In again and a few lots
of Rhubarb have . been received. These varie
ties will soon be the features of the Vegetable
market. Fruits show no change.
| Prices for Poultry, Game and Fish are about
as last week. -
Following Is The Call's regular weekly
price list: .
Coal, per ton— ;
Cannel $- — ©12 00|Castle Gate.. s9 60®-
Wellington . ©10 OOjSouthfleld .
New Welling- I Wellington & 950
ton ©10 00 Coos 8ay.... & 7 00
Seattle 8 flO®— — I .; ■ ... .. .
Dairy Produce." etc. — * ' ' ' " • '
Butter, fancy, per 'Cheese. 5wi55.. ...20(325
■ square 80®55 : Common Eggs. .. .2s@—
Do, per roll 50@— Ranch Eggs, per
Do, good — @45 I dozen 30® —
Pickled 350'4O|Honey Comb, per
Firkin, per lb..— lb 12@15
Cheese, Cal — $15 1 Do. extracted ..—^lo
Cheese. Eastern.. ls@l7i >
Meats, per lb.—
Bacon 12@17<Pork, fresh —©12
Beef, choice 12015 Pork, salt 10012
Do, good B@lo Pork, chops — @12
Corned Beef — @8 ; Round Steak ....lO@l2
Ham, Cal 12H@15 Sirloin Steak 12015
Do, Eastern . ..— @ls Porterhouse, d 0... —620
Lard 126.15, Smoked Beef 12@la
Mutton 10@15 Pork Sausages.. 20
Lamb 12&15iVeal 104ji15
Poultry and Game— '. '
Hens, each.... 60® 65 Quail, pr d0z. .2 00<g>2 25
Young Roost- J Mallard, pair.. 75@ 90
ers, each 65® 75 Canvasback, pr -
Old Roosters. pair 75®1 50
each Bo@ 60 Sprig, pr pair. 50® 60
Fryers, each.. 600 65 Teal, pr pair. 40© 50
Broilers, each. 400 50 i Widgeon, pair 40« 50
Turkeys, pr lb 18® 20 Small Duck... 35® —
Ducks, each... 60<8> 75 Wild Geese, pr
Geese, each... 1 00® 1 25 I pair ...' 60® 60
Pigeons, pair.. 25® 50 English Snipe,
Rabbits, pair. — 0 40 per doz 3 00@ —
Hare, each.... — @ 20 Jack Snipe 1 75® —
Fruits and Nuts —
Almonds, lb ......10012 Limes, doz 12015
Apples, lb 40 6 Oranges, doz 15035
Bananas, doz 15@20 Pears, per 1b.... 4© 6
Cranberries, pr qt.ls@— Raisins, lb 5010
Lemons, doz 20@— IWalnuts, lb 1201$
Vegetables-
Artichokes, doz. 60(g!l 00 Lettuce, doz 15025
Asparagus, lb 50060 Mushrooms, 1b.. ..15035
Beets, doz 12i&>13 Onions, lb 4** 5
Beans, white, lb.. 4(ff 5 Potatoes, lb 20 3
Colored, lb 40 S Do. Sweet 3® 4
Lima, lb 60— Parsnips, doz ....16020
Cabbage, each — 5010 Radishes, dz bchslOoU
Cauliflowers, each 5010 Saere. doz bnchs 25035
Celery, bunch s©— String Beans, lb.'.2s@—
Cress, doz buchs.2o-fi'2r. Thyme, lb 20030
Green Peas, 1t).... Turnips, doz 15020
Lentils, lb — ... 6© B; Tomatoes, ID 12018
Fish, per lb.—
Barracuda _©_ Shrimps 10012
Carp 5© 6 Shad 1&&—
Codfish 10012 Sea Bass .....-&Z
Flounders 5© fl Smelts IBS-
Herring 4® 5 Soles i 8010
Si 11 """ -** 12 Skates, each 5010
Kingflsh 8010 Tomcod .....10012
Mackerel -0- Clams, gal . . . . ..-lac
Do Horse -£- Do. hardshell. 100.A0550
Perch B©lo Crabs, each ! 18015
S Omp - an -° 100 Do - softshell. doz.2i^3s
Roeknsh 120151 Mussels, qt .... 10012
Salmon, smoked.. 2oW- : Oysters. Cal. 100 40®—
Salmon, fre5h..... 12015! Do, Eastern, doz 25050
bturgeon ...-...;... lkg>j»( '; .,, .
THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
February, 1899.
6
13
20
Tu.
'■-7 j
IT
We
1
8
16
IT
1
Pr.
T
4
11
18
25
*&■ February B.
/Til New Moon.
W February 10. i
_l First Quarter.
■9 February 17.
©Full Moon.
February 25.
Moon's Phases
12
1»
17
21
28
SUN, MOON AN DTIDE.
United States Coast and G«odeltc Survey^
Tlmes and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay - Published by official au
xT^^ lty m £ f the Superintendent.
■ note— The high and low waters occur :at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes lat ir than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
BATURDAY, FEBRUARY 4.
Sun rises 711
Sun sets ...."... 5-37
Moon rises "7.*.'.'/. ....... .1:40 a. m
Ft.
4 ...
5 ...
« ...
7 ...
8 ...
9 ...
10 ...
6::
6:
12:40
1:40
H W
7:12
8:14
11:45
H W
. 9:50
10:31
11:11
11:50
3.0
2:
3:
3:
4:
;4
2:35
3:26
4:11
4:54
5:26
4.4
4.7
5.0
6.3
I 2,
11:
6.4
6.2
1..;...
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of th» day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign ( — ) precedes the height
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference' ls the mean of the lower low waters
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographio
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, l s hoisted
about ten minutes before noon. and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory. Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error. If any, is published
in the morning papers the following day
W. S. HUGHES
Lieutenant, U. S. N., In chare*
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Ktr
chants' Exchange, San Francisco" r' a i
February 3. 1899. al •
The time ball on the tower of the new Fprrv
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
L c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at *
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time
W. S. HUGHES
Lieutenant. U. f>. N., in rharpp
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
i Due.
Willamette Seattle F^rT - !
Progreso Seattle p,J' ;
Chllkat Humboldt '.'Feb J
Washtenaw..... Tacoma j.- e^ 1
Signal Wlllapa Harbor ! ' Feb i
Geo. W. Elder.. 'Portland Feb' 4
A. Blanchard.. Cooe Bay „ Feb 4
Weeott ......... ITaqulna Bay.l. .Feb I
Santa Rosa San Diego » Feb 5
Areata Coos Bay !.!! Feb' S
Leelanaw Seattle ] Feb' '
Curacao Coos Bay ..."Feb. 5
Wyefield Nanalmo ' Feh -
Alliance. Portland ..!! Feb X
Empire Coos Bay !! ; e b ?
Aloha Point Arena ..Feb '
Pomona Humboldt "v ' p .v' i
Walla Wa11a.... Victoria & Puget Sound 'Feb' «
Crescent City... Crescent City Feb «
Titania Nanalmo ." Feb' t
Mackinaw Tacoma [' Feb 7
Bristol Departure Bay '" Feb' 7
National City.. Grays Harbor .' Feb' 7
Coos Bay [Newport "Feb 7
Cleveland Puget Sound .'.".' Feb' 7
San Jose [Panama ."...Feb" 8
Moana Sydney !.'!.'." Feb' 8
Costa Rica Panama !!" Feb' i
North Fork [Humboldt .'....".""" Feb' 9
Corona San Diego ! " Feb' <»
Point Arena....] Point Arena Feb 3
Columbia Portland ' Feb" 9
E. Thompson... Portland '.'. Feb! 9
Mlneola Tacoma Feb' 9
Orizaba Newport ; Feb! 11
America Maru.iChlna and Japan Feb! 11
Umatilla [Victoria & Puget Sound [Feb! 11
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
PL Arena.. Point Arena..
C. Nelson.. | Puget Sound..
Chllkat ....IHumboldt
Queen ]Vlo & Pgt 3d.
Orizaba — Newport
A. Blanch'd Coos Bay
Weeott .... Yaquina Bay.
Santa Rosa San Diego
Areata Coos 8ay......
State of Cal Portland
Alliance ...[Oregon Ports.
Peru Panama
Australia ..Honolulu
Signal Grays Harbor
Aloha Point Arena..
Pomona .... Humboldt
Coos Bay... Newport
Walla Wall Vie & rVt Sd.
Corona .... San Diego :
Curacao ... Mexico
Coptic Chlna& Japan
Columbia ..[Portland
I Sails. I Pier. '
Feb. 4, 3 pm Pier 3
Feb. 4. 10 am .Pier 20
Feb. 6, 9am Pier 13
Feb. 8, 10 am Pier 9
Feb. 6, 9am Pier 11
Feb. 6, 5 pm Pier 13
Feb. 7. 6 pm i Pier* 13
Feb. 7, 11 am Pier 11
Feb. 7, 10 am Pier 13
Feb. 7, 10 am Pier 24
Feb. 7, 10 am Pier 20
Feb. 8, 12 m PMSS
Feb. 8, 2pm Pier 7
Feb. 8, 4 pm
Feb. 8, 3 pm Pier 2
Feb. 8, 2pm Pier 9
Feb. 9, 9am Pier 11
Feb. 10, 10 am Pier 9
Feb. 11, 11 am Pier 11
Feb. 11, 10 am I Pier 9
Feb.- 11, 1 pm PMSS
Feb. 12, 10 am : Pier 24
Pier 7
Point Arena..]
Humboldt f
Newport '.
I Vie & rVrt Sd. :
San Diego :
Mexico :
|China& Japan '
[Portland |
■
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier 9
PMSS
Pier 24
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, February S.
Etmr Samoa, Jahnsen. 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Willamette, Hansen, 80 hours from Se
attle.
U S stmr Justin, Field, 111 days from New
York via Magdalena Bay, fi days.
Stmr Orizaba, Hall, TO hours from Newport
and way ports.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Badeer, — hours from
Ventura.
Haw stmr Altec, Trask, 37 days from Hong
kong, via Yokohama, 23 days, via Honolulu,
9 days 4 hours and 45 minutes.
Bark Undaunted, Olsen, 84 days from Sydney.
Schr Nettie Low, Low, 5 hours from Point
Reyes.
CLEARED.
Friday, February 3.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, Eureka; Chas Xel-
BOn.
Stmr Charles Nelson, Anderson, Seattle; E
T Kruse.
Ship Henry B Hyde, Bcribner, Hilo; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Br ship Wallacetown, Motley, Portland;
Meyer, Wilson & Co.
Schr Bessie E. Stevens, Havner, Manila;
Benjamin Havner.
SAILED.
Friday, February S.
Stmr Ruth, Strand, Coos Bay.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons. Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Coquille River, Thompson, Tillamook.
Stmr Navarre, Walvig, Caspar.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen, Grays Harbor.
Fr bark Louis Pasteur, Tatteven, Queens
town.
Schr Corinthian, Korth, Bowens Landing.
Schr Ocean Spray, N'yman, Ivernens Landing.
Stmr Corona. Pebney, San Diego.
Schr Reliance, Stenborn, .
Schr La Chilena. Hasten, Fort Rosa.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Feb 3, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind HWi velocity 20 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed Feb 3— Br ship
King Edward for ; bktn Skagit from Port
Gamble for Honolulu; schr Corona, from Port
Ludlow for Honolulu.
In Port— Stmr Walla Walla, from Victoria
for San Francisco; schr Corona, from Port
Ludlow for Honolulu.
Arrived Feb 3— Br ship King Edward, from
Yokohama.
COOS BAT— Arrived Feb B— Stmr Arcata,
hence Jan 31.
Sailed Feb 3— Stmr Alice Blanchard for San
Francisco: stmr Empire for San Francisco.
EVERETT— Arrived Feb 3— Schr A M Baxter,
hence Jan 16.
TACOMA— Sailed Feb I— Br «hlp We«tgat«
for South Africa.
Cleared Jan 31— Ship C F Sargent for Hono
lulu.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed Feb B— Stmr Whites
boro for San Francisco.
POINT ARENA— Arrived Feb B— Schr J Ep
pinger, hence Jan 29.
USAL— Arrived Feb 3— Stmr Sunol. he«c«
Feb 2.
ALBlON— Sailed Feb 3— Stmr Albion for
PORT ANGELES— Passed out Feb B— Ship
Edward O'Brien from Nanaimo for Honolulu.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Feb 3— Btmr Brunswick
for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Feb B— Br ship Queen
Elizabeth for Queenstown.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Feb B— Schr North
Bend, hence Jan 25.
EUREKA— Arrived Feb 3— Stmr Alliance
from Coos Bay; stmr Fulton, hence Feb 1.
Sailed Feb 3— StnA Chilkat for San Fran
cisco.
Sailed Feb 3— Bktn Tarn O'Shanter for San
Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ACAPULCO— SaiIed Feb I— Stmr San Jose for
San Francisco.
MANILA— Sailed Feb 2— Stmr City of Puebla
for San Francisco, via Nagasaki.
WELLINGTON. N Z— Sailed Feb 3— Br «tmr
Miowera for Vancouver.
SYDNEY— Arrived prior Feb 3— ltalian bark
Marie, hence Dec 7; Br bk Rose from Van
couver.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 2-Stmr Finance
from Colon.
WEEKLY^ call
of -It- Publishes the Cream of tl»
qJ News of the Week and
o< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
c< ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
OC PAPER ON THE
■ J •■"', PACIFIC COAST
3 The Best X ■ / Mining
~) Telegraphic V/ News That
°< Service on /\ Is Accuratii
of The Coast V up to data
o{ " '■'_ : _ "_' ■ •• •
o{ Not a Line of tt Sensational
eJ ' or Faky, and Not a Line of
3 ;it Dry or Uninteresting. •
CX Bright, Clean, I A Chcmp oo of
; "*J Thoughtful. ruth.
J ''
Enlarged to 16 Pages. $1 per YearPLUNGERS
SENT THE BANK
TO RUIN
Continued from First Page.
allowed him to overdraw $35,837 99, also ad
vanced him as a commercial loan $20,000,
making a total advance to him of $55 -
837 99.
Also the Jersey Laundry tract has been
permitted to overdraw its account $20,-
And Thomas E. Johnson is over
drawn in the sum of $12,008 53, and the
Santa Clara Fruit Echange is overdrawn
to the extent of $15, 422 10, permitting liv
mars of your bank to overdraw the
enormous sum of $228,904 90.
To allow overdrafts to such an extent
is condemned by this commission. They
are classed by the commission as doubt
ful resources, and this practice, when
carried to such an extent, should be
checked at once.
Therefore, In view of all the facts, the \
Board of Bank Commission is unanimous |
in its opinion that your bank is conduct- j
ing business In an unsafe manner, and it
is, therefore, ordered by the commission
that you take steps and measures at
once, first, to increase . your reserve of
cash to a sum equal to 25 per cent of your
commercial liability; second, to increase
your reserve of cash to a sum equal to
10 per cent of your savings liability;
third, that further overdrafts to the par
ties herein named be stopped at once, and
that all of said overdrafts be secured by
notes, executed by said parties, with such
other securities as the bank may be able
to obtain, and to the full satisfaction, of
the board of directors of your bank and
the Bank Commission.
That you report your action to this
commission within thirty days from this
date. By order of the Board of Bank j
Commissioners. H. W. Mali:]:.
JOHN MARKLET,
PARIS KILBURN, ;
Attest: C. H. DUNSMOOR, Secretary.
The foregoing letter shows conclii- ; '
sively to what extent the managers of j
the institution carried their gambling
and their favoritism. The Thomas E.
Johnson mentioned in the letter is a |
director of the institution. Howard Is
the plunger whose manipulations have
resulted disastrously to the bank.
The denunciation of the Bank Commis
sion is now an arraignment of its own
acts. It asked for a reply to its let
ter, but received none. The bankers
continued in their reckless course un
til the collapse came, until the present
Commissioners took charge.
When these officers went to San Jose
they demanded from the bank authori
ties a statement of the affairs of the
Institution as represented on January
31, 1899. This statement was given
without delay. It serves now to show
how the officers of the bank grossly in-
Hated their assets, giving to each
worthless loan and overdraft its face
value. The report of the officers of the
bank is as follows:
UNION SAVINGS BANK, SAN JOSE, AT CLOSE
OF" BUSINESS JANUARY 31, /599, AS SHOWN
BY BOOKS:
ASSETS. II LIABILITIES.
1. Bank premises.... 9115.000 00 [1 10. Capital 9300,000 00
2. Other real estate.. (14,035 O4 | Snrpln* 40,000 OO
.1. Stocks, Home Union ."»()<) OO < omni'rial deposits 143,085 O7
4. Itonds U.iMiS O3 Savings deposits. 484,110 00
5. I ntoJi S. B. stock.. l'»..ist; 00 17.. Intercut certificates 30,055' 00
Cert ten ....... nt..-<; 1 si
«. Mortgage* 315,054 7O "(Certified checks... 1,402 20
7. Bills receivable... .".<>2,535 is • . . '£'-£' £$
8. Overdrafts 311,802 02 Mrs. AVrlght. 00,00000
O. Money 4,2UU 43 C Hanks, current ac
-18. 1 . fiuni t 15,900 23
« hecks Hanks, borrowed.. 70,500 00
10. i C. H. certificates. . .
[Cn«h tag* ■ 19. Interest collected. . 2,850 O4
20. Kxchangre ........ 1,440 7<;
rnanks. current ac- Hints 507 7O
31. counts 21. Dividends unpaid.. 123 10
[Banks, loaned. .... Profit and loss 8,383 B7
. 22. Itedinconnts ...... .. .-
12. Furniture 5.700 00 Safe deposit rents. 13 75
IS. Expenses Oil .'{♦» 23. Escrow ......... r . 3,570 20
Other assets 71,772 <»:»
14. Safe- deposit vniiltM. 2.700 00 24
15. Stamp* -447 7s 25. !!.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!"!
' . _,
1,107,470 52 1 j • -;'. 91.107,470 52
Having received the report of the pf
fcers of the bank, the Commissi
then began their investigation. Wit
s were summoned, testimony was
taken, values computed on a legitimate
l>;iFi« and a new and honent report com
piled. The officer* of the bank had es
timated the value of their real estate,
other than the bank premises, at $64,
--■ Alter due investigation the Com
missioners fixed the value of the prop
erty at $10,849. The bank authorities
placed a valuation of $19,386 on the
if the lmnk. The Commissioners
decided that the stock is worth noth
ing, as it is being peddled about the
streets without takers.
Mortgagee, the authorities of the de
funct Institution declared,, are worth
1115,054 TO. Tli-- Commissioners reduced
this sum to $296,720 65. Bills receivable
dropped in the legitimate report from
$ 302,8?..". 4S to $146,182 19. Overdrafts
ehrank from $311,302 02 to $126,540 62.
Furniture that the bank officials said
was worth 16700 the Commissioners find
is valued at $2000. "Other assets" in
the bank report are worth $71,772 63.
"Other assets," according to the Com
missioners, ar» worth no more than
$17,893 50. In this new report the assets
of the bank dwindled $491,411 27 and the
banks assets were seen to be $138,215 35
less than its liabilities.
Having made these chnnges the com
mlPfioners submitted the following re
port:
UNION SAVINGS BANK, SAN JOSE, AS FOUND
BY BANK COMMISSIONERS ON EXAMINA
TION FEBRUARY 2, I8QQ:
ASSETS. ■ LIABILITIES. •
1. Bank prcml*ea . . . . f»5,0OO 00 ' 10. Capital.....
2. Other real estate . . 10,840 OO Surplus.... ' )
I
3. Stocks ' Escrow, 3,570 20
4. Bond* . . 3,408 M
5. Warrant* ......... jl rcomm 'Hal deposits 143,08.% O7
Savings deposits.-. 484,1 10 J)»
O. Mortgaße* 200,720 O5 17. 1 Interest certificates 88,008 OO
7. Bills receivable... 146,183 10 Certificates . 19,r»04 si
8. Overdrafts Ji:<l,r>4o «2 [Certified check*. .. 1,402 20
0. Money . . . Vi 4,2«« 48 Mrs. WrlKht. 00,000 00
r Cheek* f Banks, current ac
-10 JC. H. certificates... 18 . | counts ......... 18,0002.1
[ Cash tasrs [ Banks, borrowed ... 70,500 -OO
•
TBanks, current ac- 10. interest collected. .
41. / counts ..- .......... ; ao. I : x <iu« ii «- ........
[Banks, loaned . {tents
21. Dividends unpaid:. K^ 12.1*10
32. Furniture 2,000 on " " i
13. Safe deposit vaults 2,700 OO Profit and 1055....
Stamps 447 78 22. Rediscounts ...... '. . .
14. Other assets !">!»:{ 50 |2:t * . . ; .......
15 M
25 ,
Short ..'• • f7on,o<is ___
Short m,«l 85 PS44^MS «M>
9844,283 OO ;".>v 9844,253 "00
The Commissioner^ returned to this | the other directors would do likewise.
oity and at once took measures to de
clare the bank insolvent and to force
it into liquidation. The following Is an
official copy 'of the proceedings of the
board:
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., Feb. 3, 1899.
Present: Commissioners John Markley,
A. W. Barrett and B. D. Murphy and Sec
taary C. H. Dunsmoor.
In re Union-Savings Bank of San Jose.
Upon motion of Commissioner Markley,
duly seconded by Commissioner A. W.
Barrett, the following resolution was
unanimously adopted, viz.:
"Resolved, That, whereas, upon an ex
amination of the affairs of the Union
Savings Bank of San Jose as made by
Commissioners John Markley and A. W.
Barrett and reported by them, showing
the condition of said bank, showing its
condition at close of business January 31,
i'l examination concluded February i
2, it is found and it is the unanimous
decision of this board that said I'nion
Savings Bank of San Jose is insolvent and
it is unsafe for such corporation to con
tinue to transact business: and it is fur
ther resolved that the Board of Bank i
Commissioners immediately take such
control of said corporation and the prop
erty and effects thereof as may be neees-
| sary to prevent waste or diversion of its
assets, as provided by section 11 of the
\ bank act, and that the Hon. Attorney
: al be notified of this action."
In re Union Savings Bank of San Jose.
Upon motion of Commissioner Barrett,
duly seconded by Commissioner Markley
and unanimously carried, the action of
CommissiQnen! Barrett and Markley in
Anting Joseph R. Roland to take
charge ot the affairs of said bank is
hereby 'ratified and a bond in the sum of
110,000 is required for a faithful compliance
j of such duties from Mr. Ryland.
The following official notification was
then set to Attorney General Tirey L.
Ford:
SAX FRANCISCO, Cal., Feb. 3, 1899.
Hon. Tirey L. Ford, Attorney General,
San Francisco, Cal.— Dear Sir: You are
hereby notified at the action taken by the
Board of Jiank Commissioners in relation
to the I'nion Savings Bank of San Jose
and requested to commence suit in the
proper court, as provided in section 11 of
thy bank act. Copy of record herewith.
Very respectfully, by order of the Board
of Bank Commissioners,
The Attorney General will at once
take the necessary legal steps to force
the bank into liquidation. As the offi
cers voluntarily closed their doors it is
not expected that there will be any
protest.
WRIGHT UNSPARINGLY
DENOUNCES E.B. HOWARD
The Ex-President of the Bank
Accuses the Plunger of
Gross Frands.
PAN JOSE, Feb. 3.— "The board of
directors was not a very efficient one.
The Howard matter was referred to
them at nearly every meeting and dis
cussed, but they were not able to uive
me any help on the matter.
"Director E. A. Wheeler, chairman of
the finance committee, said he felt
perfectly satisfied with Howard's ac
count, and was sure it would be taken
car-.- of. He said if all the bank's loans
were made to such persons as Howard
we should consider ourselves lucky."
11. Ward Wright, ex-president of the
defunct Union Savings Bank, spoke
with bitterness and wfth a touch of re-
Beqtment In discussing the cuuses that
led to the closing of the doors of the
institution. Mr. Wright has been free
ly accused 6f being responsible for the
failure, which has been characterized
by one of the leading stockholders as
being the' worst in the history of banlt
•ing institutions in California, and
among the first to charge him with
recklessness and incompetency in the
handling of the funds placed in his
charge was his own brother, F. V.
Wright.
The directors of the institution have
i also shown an incjination to shift the
; blame for the deplorable affair to the
j shoulders of the head ofthe concern,
j and Mr. Wright has finally decided that
i in Justice to himself the public should
! be placed in possession of the facts
! relating to the management of the mi
i stitution, and with these facts to draw
I its own conclusions as to where 'the
! blame belongs. Mr. Wright talked
freely and in concluding his state
ment declared that he stood ready to
deed all his remaining property to- the
bank for the benefit of Its creditors, if
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY/, FEBRUARY 4, 1899.
Following is the statement dictated by
Mr. Wright and verified by him:
"In justice to myself a few things
might be stated as to the blame of the
failure of the Union Savings Bank. A
great deal has been thrown on me, and
I am willing to bear the blunt of it, but
there are a good many things for which
I am not responsible. The directors
must jointly and separately shoulder
part of the blame.
"In reference to the conduct of the
business, you might say that the Board
of Directors was not a very efficient
one. My brother, W. H. Wright, was
generally away, as the San Jose Fruit
Packing Company had its meetings at
the same time that we had ours. Their
meetings are held in San Francisco. I
always submitted matters to the direc
tors, and they always said: 'You do as
you think best in regard to it.' They
Avere not able to give any particular
direction or advice in matters. This
Howard account was referred to them
at nearly every meeting and discussed,
but they were not able to give me any
help in the matter. I acted on my own
best judgment at the time. I found
that statements made by Howard and
his Eastern agents were not correct
and could not be relied upon.
"For the first three years Howard's
account was the best account we had
in the bank. His advance asked for was
not an unusual one for the amount of
business done. It was taken care of
promptly and his paper was always
f^ n - d " He comir >enced getting off in
189<. His business was larger and was
carried on in a very reckless and im
prudent manner, as we afterward be
j ame aware. He overdrew his account.
The usual advance we gave was not
made good at the end of the season. It
was in the neighborhood of $30,000. He
claimed he had enough money coming
from the East to wipe It out. His East
ern agents also verified this.
"In 1898, before the season opened, we
were after him for a settlement. He
kept putting it off, and finally we found
he had nothing coming. He started in
business for the season of 1898 by giv
ing us a lot of paper on the Chicago
house of Higgins, Beach & Co. Higgins
became insane and died shortly afler
and the house became insolvent. Much
of this paper we had indorsed and it all
came back on us. This swelled his ac
count still greater. We've got an as
signment now of a great deal of fruit,
which will enable us to get back a good
deal of the money advanced. By proper
conduct of business a good amount can
be realized and steps have been taken
in this direction. Howard's indebted
ness is about $161,000 and the $320,000
story is all bosh.
"The directors knew about Howard's
account running up and discussed it
freely. . They did not object and offered
no suggestions as to a way out of the
difficulty. They took Howard's state
ment and believed he could repay it.
He told us he had margins due in New
York and London to meet all advanced.
The first three years the statement he
made was correct. After he got Into
difficulty everything he told us was un
true. The statement made of being
able to liquidate his Indebtedness was
never fulfilled.
"Director K. A. Wheeler, chairman of
the finance committee, felt perfectly
satisfied with Howard's account, and
was sure it would be taken care of.
He said if all the bank's loans were
made to such persons as Howard we
should consider ourselves lucky. None
of the stockholders has transferred any
stock lately. A great many persons
owing the bank are anxious to liquid
ate, and a large amount of money that
can also be used in paying off deposit
ors will soon be coming in. A good deal
of business tact should be used by the
manager of the bank properly to avoid
as little loss as possible on loans, which
can all be worked out on their face
value. A great many loans were put
In at 50 per cent of the value in the
Commissioners' report, and these can
be worked out for full face value.
"For some time the bank was rather
short of working: capital. The directors
knew this. On Monday afternoon I
stated there were several things I did
not like. Money was going out and
none coming in. I announced I was go
ing to San Francisco Tuesday morning
to see if I could not make arrangements
for more funds, as it was unsafe to
continue in business under existing
conditions.
"I wired the hank at 10 o'clock Tues
day morning that no > satisfactory ar
rangements had been 'made, and they
knew this meant a suspension of busi
ness. I went to the different banks,
but could get no money.
"In regard to the deed given to Myra
E. Wright of the bank premises. Hhe
loaned the bank $10,000, then <15.000 and
finally it reached $60,000. She wanted
some security and we gave her the
deed. There is an offset against this
$60,000 of about $35,000 loaned her hus
band. Mrs. Wright has property of her
own and she obtained the money .she
loaned the bank by hypothecating some
securities she had to San Francisco
parties.
"My brother, W. IT. Wright, had no
intimation of the bank failure when he
started East Saturday night. He in
quired about its condition a. day or so
before, and I told him I thought it
would pull through all right.
"I stand ready to turn over all my
property to the bank, some $40,000
worth, if the other directors will do
the same.
"Of course I made some mistakes,
but I had no help and support in my
work. The directors were disloyal and
took no real interest in the work. When
we faced financial embarrassment they
shoved everything upon me."
W. H. Wright is the husband of Myra
Wright and the man referred to as hav
ipg received loans aggregating $35,000
from the bank which his brother claims
was given him on account of bis wife's
advances. He is president of the San
Jose Fruit Packing Company and was
elected president of the bank upon the
resignation of EL Ward Wright yester
day afternoon. The $35,000 advanced
to him explains the alleged payment of
that sum to Mrs. Wright in partial li
quidation of the $60,000 loaned to the
bank by her, and which she denied ever
havi-ng received.
E. B. Howard is as dumb as an oys
ter and all efforts to obtain a state
ment from him have thus far been fu
tile. He will only say he is in the
hands of his attorneys and that if they
see fit to talk all right, but that he will
not. But Howard has friends and many
of them, notwithstanding tho many pe
culiar stories that are being circulated
about town in regard to his business
methods, and they do not hesitate to
say that when the whole truth is known
it will be shown that he has been per-
fectly straightforward in all his deal
ings with the bank. j
That the bank was in serious difficul
ties cannot now be denied and a pretext
was wanted to suspend and this would
be furnished, by Howard's failure. But
Howard did not fail. His creditors,
principally fruit growers of whom he
had purchased fruit, decided to stand
by the man who had paid them the
highest market prices for their pro
duct, and in fact in a great measure
made the market. The attachment*
that were counted on to follow the
Weaver attachment failed to material
ize and the bank was deprived of its
pretext and obliged to confess other
reasons for its suspension.
S. F. Leib, who is Howard's attorney,
is still engaged in preparing the neces
sary papers for a- petition in insol
vency on behalf of his client. Mr. Leib
said to-day he did not expect to have
things in shape for a week or ten days.
and in the meanti-ie he would positive
ly refuse to discuss the matter in any
way. "We have absolutely nothing to
say," declared Mr. Leib, "further than
the' petition and accompanying state
ment will tVll the whole story as far as
Mr. Howard is concerned. Under the
new national bankruptcy law a man
who seeks to be declared a bankrupt
must make a clean breast of every
thing concerning his business affairs
with a full staten.ent of assets and lia
bilities, and that will- be done in this
case."
CREDITORS
OF DOXEY ARE
NOT SATISFIED
Are Inclined to Make
Difficulties.
OBJECT TO THE AGREEMENT
IT IS PROPOSED BY FOREIGN
CONCERNS.
Local Houses May Force the Famous
Stationer Into Bankruptcy.
His Statement of His
Situation.
At the time of the writing of the story
of the financial troubles of "Doxey," the
bookman, the promoter of the parti-col
ored "Lark," the purple cow and other
odd conceptions, it was supposed that the
difficulties with creditors had been ad
justed, but further investigation shows
that certain local houses are not disposed
to accept the proposition that has ema
nated from Eastern creditors. This pro
posed agreement provided that all cred
itors must accept 30 cents on the dollar,
one-half of which was to be paid at the
end of six months and the balance in
one year.
Some time ago the Eastern creditors,
who are the most heavily interested, be
came nervous and concluded to settle on
a baste adjusted to suit the needs of the
debtor. They co-operated with Mr. Doxey
in netting forth the complications of the
situation and asking for assistance in
the promotion of the plan. The state
ment came from the Stationers' Board of
Trade of New York, under date of Janu
ary 13, and among other things says:
"We inclose herewith a copy of a statement
and offer made by Mr. William Doxey,
in which is included such Information as
to his affairs as we were able to obtain
by careful questioning, and we feel con
tident that the statement fairly repre
sents his situation. It seems to us that
the proposition Is a fair one. If the estate
is administered through the courts we do
not think that more than 12 or 15 per
cent would be realized for creditors, and
this would be after a delay of several
months." •
This agreement, which some local cred
itors are not inclined to sign, provides as
follows:
Creditor* of William Doxey of San Francisco,
Cal., holding claims amounting to at least
$3s,ooo— We, the undersigned, creditors in the
amounts set opposite our respective names do
hereby severally agree with him and with each
other, that we and each of us will accept in
full payment and discharge of the indebted
ness of said Doxey held by us respectively, his
two promissory notes, payable on August 1,
1599, and February 1, 1900, respectively, each
for a sum equal to 15 per cent of our respective
claims, as stated below, and that upon receipt
of said notes by us • • • the balance of said
indebtedness shall be wholly released and dla-
Mr. Doxey's circular to his creditors Is
dated Friday, January 13, the date on
which the ungodly bohemians of the
Press Club defied each and every super
stition and got downstairs safely. The
document is as follows;
To My Creditors— Dear Sirs: Being unable at
the present time to pay my outstanding indebt
edness In full and desiring to preserve my es
tate in the manner mopt advantageous to my
creditors, I wish to make the following state
ment and offer of settlement:
My liabilities are approximately as follows;
Open accounts and notes due merchan
dise creditors in Chicago and the Bast. slß,6oo
Open accounts and notes due merchan
. dlse creditors In San Francisco 4,000
•Due Individuals in San Francisco for bor- ■
rowed money 10,200
Due Crocker-Woolworth National Bank
for borrowed money 15,000
Total $46,200
All nf the above Is unsecured, except that the
bank holds a second mortgage upon my wife's
house for the sum of $2500, and that certain
individual creditors from whom I borrowed
money hold stereotype plates (of the value of
$2000) as serurity. All of this security was
given to said creditors at the time the money
in question was borrowed from them.
The nominal value of my assets is as follows:
Fixtures (about one-half cost) $2,000
Stock in trade 9,200
Stereotype plates (a part pledged, as
above) 10,000
Stock of own publications 9,600
Accounts receivable 8.300
Total '. $39,100
The fixtures have been put In by me at vari
ous times during- the last thirteen years, and
their actual value at forced sale would be ex
ceedingly small.
Trft stock In trade includes books bought at
various, times during the last thirteen years,
the prlcf given being cost price, Including
freight. The stock is clean and good.
Of the stereotype plates about $MXX> la old
plates of practically no value except as old
metal. The remaining $2000 Is the coat price
of plates of books which have a fair sale at
present.
The value given to my own publications Is
cost. About $5000 of these are salable.
Hesides the above assets, I have life Insur
ance amounting to $13,000, which has, however,
no cash surrender value. There is also a
nominal equity In the house owned by my wife
of $1000, but the actual value of this Is prac
tically nothing.
I offer my creditors settlement upon the basis
of 30 cents, payable one-half in six months and
the remainder In twelve months, to be repre
sented by my notes. I have consulted my
Western creditors and feel confident they will
accept this settlement should It be accepted by
my merchandise creditors in the East. Yours
very truly, WIL.LIAM DOXEY.
There are certain creditors in San
Francisco who, unless something Is done
to radically change their minds, will in
sist on Mr. Doxey going through bank
ruptcy. Their proposition is that they
are not satisfied with their treatment, anil
do not see any particular advantage to
themselves in the plan of the Eastern
creditors. Whatever the decision may be
as to what is to bf> done will be arrived at
within the next few days.
ADDITIONAL SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday. Februry S.
Stmr South Coast, Zaddart, 50 hours from
Redondo.
Haw bark Roderick Dhu, Johnson, 12 days
from Hilo.
SAILED.
Friday, Februry 3.
Btmr Samoa, Jahneen, San Pedro.
Stmr Newsboy, Ellefsen, Usal.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Arrived Feb 3— Stmr Mackinaw,
hence Jan 30. • -
Sailed Feb 3— Ship C. F. Sargent, for Hono
lulu. ■:■■, •;-,: ..
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i FOR 25 YEARS
1 Huny adi Janes
HAS BEEN RECO/nMtNDED BY
I EMINENT PHYSICIANS \
As the Best Natural Aperient Water.
UNEQUALLED AS A REMEDY FOR
Constipation and Stomach Disorders,
Get the Genuine!
GRACE HAS A
LARGE STOCK
OF ALIASES
Mrs. Allison a Much
Abused Woman.
SHE SAYS SO HERSELF
HAD TO FIGHT OFF HER LOVERS'
GIFTS OF DIAMONDS.
Men Who Had Only Known Her a
Few Minutes Would Load Her
Down With Costly-
Gems.
Mrs. Grace Allison, or. Mrs. Ida Qulnn,
or still more recently Mrs. Ida Collins,
was on the witness-stand in her own be
half before United States District Judge
de Haven yesterday afternoon, and proved
a most voluble witness. Mrs. Allison also
flashed up a new, or nearly new, hus
band for the edification of the court, Jury
and spectators.
It was a day replete with episode in
the trial of the alleged matrimony bureau
swindlers, but the much-sought lady was !
easily the star attraction. When she got i
on the stand she readily explained away I
all the incriminating charges against her. j
Sometimes she had two or three expla
nations for the same occurrence and an
overwhelming desire to tell them all. j
When she launched into an explanation I
it took his Honor and all the lawyers to
bring her to a stop.
Mrs. Allison-Quinn-Colllns is not beau
tiful, whatever her own opinion on me
subject may be. But she's fascinating to
the last degree, for her own evider
proved that. Why, according to her state
ment her antiquated lovers would be intro
duced to her through the medium of the
matrimonial bureau and in less than ten i
minutes, and before they had even time
to propose marriage, they would just
fairly be loading her down with diamonds
and pianos and such. That is, all of them
but Dr. Allison. According to her story
he only gave her a handful of old-fash
ioned gems that cost her $9 or $11 to hay« !
reset, besides one rhlnestone, or -'rhein- |
stein," as the lady called it. But perhaps
she was thinking of "em stein" when she
did so. The value she placed upon that
gem was $1 50, and she seemed to be an |
expert on the value of diamonds, rhine- i
stones, Kimberly gems and cat alum.
Mrs. Allison-Quinn-Collins was never j
engaged to Duprey, Looney, Sheck and
the others, for she said- so herself; all she
had to do with them was to be introduced
to them and let them unload their tokens
of admiration on her.
The springing of N. C. Collins as her
husband was to convince the jury that
the Pacific Information Bureau was "on
the square," and that she sought and ob
tained a life companion through It. Col
lins is about 34 years old, fully ten or a
dozen years her junior. He has been her
constant companion throughout the trial. '
He took the stand to tell about his meet
ing the woman and their marriage; and
his testimony might have had some
weight had he not been forced to admit j
under cross-examination that since he has
been in San Francisco he has gone under
the name of J. H. Smith and his alleged
wife as Misa Smith. That portion, appar
ently, did not help matters along with the
jury to any appreciable extent.
The entire day was given over to the
defense. During the forenoon Isaac Bain,
the woman's partner in the marriage bu
reau, testified in his defense. He told
about having 400 ladies and 700
gentlemen patrons, all of whom had
paid $3 or $5 fee. In order to balance mat
ters he had admitted many more ladies
who had not paid the fee.
On cross-examination Bain denied that
he had ever been convicted of a felony.
Asslst-ant District Attorney Banning will
introduce records in rebuttal Monday,
showing that Bain was convicted and sen
tenced to Snn Quentin for swindling In
connection with a marriage bureau.
Collins then testified that he was born
in Midway, Ky., in ISiJTi, and was engaged
in the hardware business there. He iden
tified the woman defendant as his wife
and said he formed her acquaintance'
through the Pacific Information Bureau.
He first became acquainted with her in
March or April last year. He came to
San Francisco last December. Asked as
to the woman's financial standing he an
nounced with pardonable pride that she
has $37,000 in caah now. Then came his
admission that he is known by the name
of Smith, and he was glad to make his
escape from the stand.
Then Mrs. Allison-Quinn-Smith-Collins
shaped her course for the witness stand
and. made the dork in safety. She did not
go into her past to any extent beyond ad
mitting that she was formerly the wife
of John J. Quinn of Chicago, who fore
swore gambling, which vocation he had
followed for years, to write a book of his
life. She became a member of the Pacific
Information Bureau in December, 1897, {
paying the usual fee for the privilege. She j
had no financial interest whatever in the ]
concern and had never shared In its pro- j
fits. She met J. Li. Duprey through the j
bureau. He wrote one or two letters and
then called on her. He wanted to buy her
a diamond ring casting $475, and she re
luctantly consented to accept it. At an
other time he told her about his tv.-o
daughters and wanted her to take one of
them and teach her millinery. For this
service he Insisted on giving her a piano.
He went away and wrote to her to go to
Shreeve's and get a pin he had purchased
for her costing $150. Duprey was always
very friendly and never asked for the re
turn of his presents. Neither did he
ever ask her to marry him.
Ida, or Grace, met Looney twice. He
was very Insulting and phe thought he
was insane. He boasted that he was the
only honest man on earth. The ring
Sheck gave her cost $175 and she paid
$50 toward it. Sheck went to her bedroom
one night and was very insulting. She
never knew he wanted his ring back until
Bain told her Sheck had demanded its re
turn from him.' Ida was positive she had
never asked any favors from any of them;
they had sought to gain favor with her
and now they had thrown here into jail.
As for Dr. Allison, they never were en
gaged. He was a confirmed opium fiend
she said, and she had gone to the Lick
House once at 4 o'clock in the morning to
nurse him. Ida told about his gifts and
said the stone he had described on the
witness stand as a valuable diamond was
a "rheinstein," worth $1 50.
This was her testimony in brief; she
chattered on until the hour of adjourn
ment, picturing herself the victim of base,
designing men and affording the specta
tors no end of amusement. The case will
probably be concluded Monday.
JACK RAFFAEL
IS SINGING TO
THE QUAKERS
His Departure Fully
Explained.
WENT TO FILL A CONTRACT
'TWAS NOT A CASE OF DOMES
TIC INFELICITY.
His Friends Will Be Glad to Know
That He Is Duplicating the
Successes Won in This
City.
An inadvertent statement was pub
lished in The Call several weekii ago re
garding the treatment accorded Sis family
by "Jack" Raffael, the well-known bary
tone of the Tlvoli Opera Company. Aiter
carefully investigating the matter it is
found that an injustice has been done in
this case, and it is hardly necessary to
state that it was wholly unintentional.
It transpires that Mr. Raffael's depart- ]
ure from this city after having, been a j
member of the Tivoli Opera Company for ■
over four years, was due to the fact that j
he was offered a very temptin-g engage- j
ment by the Southwell English Opera '
Company of Philadelphia, in which city i
he grew to manhood. He had had this
offer under consideration for some time,
and finally gave notice to the Tivoli peo
ple of his Intention to retire from the ;
local engagement. It was his original
purpose to take a rest before going East, ;
but the importunities of the Philadelphia '
managers were so urgent that he finally ;
decided to accept, and it was therefore '
necessary to leave at once in order to fill '
his contract.
The misleading statements which in
advertently appeared some time ago are
particularly to be regretted, in view of
the fact that Raffael has in .the Quaker
City duplicated his successes in San Fran
cisco, and is making gratifying progress
in his- new chosen field for operatic con
quest. The Eastern critics have treated
him well, and at the expiration of his
contract in May next he expects to sign
another good engagement, in which event
his family will go East to join him. At no
distant day, however, it is Raffael's in
tention to return for an engagement at
the Tivoli.
With respect to the estate left by Mrs.
Raffael's father, the late able and popu
lar journalist, J. Ross Jackson, the prop
erty is devised in trust to the children of
Mr. and Mrs. Raffael, Mrs. Jackson and
Mrs. Raffael having a life interest only
therein. While Raffael's successes In the
East have been very flattering. l)la fre
quent letters to his wife and baby show
that his heart is still in San Francisco.
Coffey Under Suspicion.
William Coffey, a young man with, & po
lice record, is housed at the Seventeenth-
L street Police Station, while his name has
been placed on the detention book, pend
ing an Investigation into his possession
of a bar-room refrigerator. Coffey was
caught with the cooling apparatus under
i his arm on Shotwell street, near Fif
teenth, last night by. Officer C. H. Taylor,
and failing to satisfactorily account for
his possession of it was taken into cus
| tody.
Lecture at Golden Gate Hall.
The "Golden Link,"" a lodge organized
for the moral advancement of youths, will
I •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Nervous Dyspepsia
To Gain Flesh, to Sleep Well, to
Know What Appetite and Good
Digestion Mean.
MAKE A TEST OF STUART'S DYS-
PEPSIA TABLETS.
. No trouble Is more common or more misun-
derstood than nervous dyspepsia. People hav-
ing it think their nerves are to blame and are
surprised that • they are ■ not cured by nerve
medicines. The real seat of the • mischief la
lost sight of. The stomach Is the organ to be
looked after.
Nervous dyspeptics" often do not have any
pain whatever .In the stomach, nor perhaps
any of the usual symptoms of stomach weak-
ness. Nervous dyspepsia shows itself not in
the stomach so much tas in nearly every or-
i gan. In some cases the heart palpitates and is
I irregular; In others the kidneys are affected;
I In others the bowels are constipated, with
headaches; still others are troubled with loss
PROF. HENRY W. BECKER, A. M.
of flesh and appetite with accumulations of
gas, sour risings and heartburn.
It is safe to say that Stuart's Dyspepsia. Tab-
lets will cure any stomach weakness or dis-
ease except cancer of the stomach. They cure,
sour stomach, gas, loss of flesh and appetite,
sleeplessness, palpitation, heartburn, constipa-
tion and headache.
Send for valuable little book on stomach dis-
eases by addressing F. A. Stuart Co., Marshall,
Mich. All druggists sell full-sized packages at
BO cents. Prof. Henry W. Becker, ■A. M., tha
well known religious worker and writer of St.
Louis. ■ . .
Secretary of the Mission Board of the Ger-
man Methodist Church. Chief Clerk and Ex-
pert Accountant for the Harbor and Wharf
Commission. Public • Secretary for. the St.
Louts School Patrons' Association, and the
District Conference of Stewards of the M. E.
Church; also takes an active part in the work
of the Epworth League, and to write on relig-
ious . and educational topics for several mag-
azines. How he found relief Is best -told in his
own words
"Some weeks ago my brother heard me say
something about indigestion, and taking a box
from his pocket said, 'Try Stuart's Tablets.'
I did. and was promptly relieved. Then I In-
vestigated the nature of the tablets and be-
came satisfied that they were made of Just
the right things and In Just the right propor-
tions to aid In the assimilation of food. I
heartily endorse them in all respects, and I
keep them constantly on hand."
/ r^%. 'Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
A )M»|jB *>25 KEABKT HT. Established
Si iwra in J 854 for the treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625KEARNTKT. Established
in JSS4 for the treatment of Private
I>ise;ises, L/>Bt Manhood Dublllyror
*8 SBSbeSSa'llseaSßwearlDgoiibodyandmlndniid
ifcJ<Ss3«^fHB- ' Wseuaea. I'hedoctorcureswhpfi
£3&w3^lJ&™ others fall. Try Urn. Charges low
.SNnGtataßS Cure* guaranteed. Callorwrite.
Ifr. 4, 1 • uIBBOIf, Box 1357, San iutmcisco.
be addressed by Messrs Badger and Cae
well, and Mrs. John Petty, three of its
organizers, at the Golden Gate Hall, on
Sunday afternoon at 3 o'clock. There aro
at present about twenty boys in the lodge,
which is accomplishing good results in.
each of their cases. They are between the
ages of 10 and IS years and are decently
clothed at the expense of the lodge. The
fee required from each o« them is 10 centa
per month. They abstain from the use of
vulgar language and have taken pledges
to refrain from the use or all Intoxicants.
The public is cordially invited to attend
the lecture.
Fried Concert Postponed.
The second concert announced by Mme.
Agnes Fried for this afternoon, at the
Sherman & Clay Hall, has bfen postpon
ed. owing to the soprano's indisposition.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NO WOMAN IS EXEMPT,
Regularity is a matter of importance
in every woman life. Much pain is,
however, endured in the belief that it
is necessary and not alarming when
in truth it is all wrong and indicates
derangement that may cause serious
; trouble. ';'-i v -
Excessive monthly pain itself will
! unsettle the nerves andjnake women
old.before their time.
The foundation of woman's health is
a perfectly normal and regular per-
formance of nature's function. The
i statement we print from Miss Ger-
trude Sie.es, of Eldred, Pa., is echoed
in every city, town and hamlet in this
country. Read what she says: ' •
" Dear Mrs. Pixkham: — I feel like a
new person since following your ad-
I vice, and think it is my duty to let the
public know the good your remedies
have done me. My troubles were pain-
ful menstruation and leucorrhoea. I
was nervous and had spells of being
confused. Before using your remedies
I never had any faith in patent medi-
cines. I now wish to say that I never
had anything do me so much good for
painful menstruation as LydiaE. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound; also would,
say that your Sanative Wash has curec;
me of leucorrhoea. I hope these few 1
words may help suffering women."
1 The present Mrs. Pinkham's experi-
ence in treating female ills is unparal-
leled, for years she worked side by
side with Mrs. Lydia E. Pinkham, and.
for sometime past has had sole charge
of the correspondence department of
her great business, treating by letter
as many as a hundred thousand ailing
women during a single year. &
i i All .suffering women are invited to
write freely to Mrs. Pinkham, at Lynn ,
Mass.. for advice about their health.
,^j|g§^ Doctor
JlF^l| M C T C R S
ISP J s3§fcrf^ \ Specialists for Hen
'.( "K^^v?J (M J> '*"' lf ' 9 Vhy«M»ii bare been
v •'IBf v,,"^^ VJ>cs curing wt^kDeta and con-
\JBmf . !>(!!ssfc*SS They have the l&rgnt »nd
** ¥*f^' ■*I>WJs^*s antl th« moiUi-
V Unfortunate mm who can.
£g£; N. l\^4'SiJ«UzS-# not call .hould write for ad-
%i*lßv >^\ _??**gift&%K »'« and private book—
! ESTABLISHED 17 YEARS. _ AL J' FREE.
Thouvuids cured at horn»
: All letten confidential. No Charge for Consultation.
731 BA* FBASCJgCO l^vatorEntranc.
i '
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
few. . Steamers leave Broadway
KBw-^ wharf, Pan Francisco:
SH^ For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m.,
IWPJjx|J«fe Feb. 5. 10. 15, 20. 23; Mar. 2:
i S&3&e\j\a chan^p at Seattle.
Ishs3^lj«l For" Victoria. Vancouver, (B.
i^^^S^^ai C), Port Towr.send, Seattle,
' "^^«9hJ ' Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcora (Wash.),
10 a, m., Feb. 5, 10, 15, 20, 23:
Mar 2 and every fifth day thereafter; Chang©
at Seattle to this company's steamers tor
Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P.
Rv. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. ■-'11-'
For Eureka (Humboldt B"y), 2 p. m., Feb. 3,
S. 13. 18, 2S, 28; Mar. 6, and every fifth day
1 For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos Port Harford. (San Luis Obispo).
Oaviota Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro, East San P«dro (Los Angeles). and
Newport. 9 a. m. Feb. ,5, 9 13, 17. 21. 25;
Mar 1 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Rendor.do (Los Angeles),. 11 a.
m " Feb. 3. 7. U. 15, 15. 23, 27; Mar. 3, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Pa 3. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., Feb. 9. Mar. 9.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice, steamers, sailing dates
and Vioiirs of saiHnir.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agt9.,
10 Market Ft.. San Francisco.
THE 0, R. & N. GO.
• DIPPATCH FAST STEAMERS ' -O
PORTLAND
From Spear-etreet Wharf at 10 a. m. . .
CADE $1 2 First Class Including Berths
rMnl. £8 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia pails Jan. 3. It. 23, Feb. 2.
State of California satis Jan. 8. 18, IS, F»b. 7.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butt*.
Helena and all points In the NorUnreat.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
680 Market street.
COODALIi, PERKINS * CO..
Superintendent*.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
cer First and Brannan streeta, 1 p. m.. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, eta. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MARU Wednesday. Jan. 35
! AMERICA MARU ....Tuesday, Feb. SI
HONGKONG MARU Friday. March IT
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage, apply at company* office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantique.
(French Line)
DIRECT LltfE TO HAVRE-PARIS - -^
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42, North 2a6R»&B
•River, foot of Morton street.
LA CHAMPAGNE TP e h 11
LA BRETAGNJi, 'yev c is
LA TOURAINE ....".. 25
LA NORMANDIE v. ..March 4
LA CHAMP G.VE March 11
First class to Havre, $65 and upward, 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second .class to
Havre, $45, 10 per cent reduction round trip.
; GENERAL ..LrENCI' FOR UNITED STATES
i^J'^^Tcoa^S- 5
Montgomery aye., San Francisco.
PniPHHIf s - at 2- p AUSTRALIA
#I! 11111% alls for Honolulu
yfc"""" W Wednesday. February
HkvSiJl QfrfC«L!n \ The S. S. Moana
■fySy^nMSnlDJ sails via"Honolulu and
V&BSr i^mrvihii Auckland for Sydney
(OnißuftW* Wednesday, Feb. 22,
«^^ V-H'f""*^ at 10 p. m. - -
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPS
TOWN, South Africa. ....
J. D. BPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agent*.
- 114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
BAY AND BI VEB ST-UAJSffEBS. _
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat., at 9:45 a.
m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fridays
1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays 10:30 a. m., 8 p. m.
Landing and office, Mlssion-st. Dock. Pier No.
2. Telephone. Main 1508. .
FAKE ....,.....„„.. ..,.,.....j.sta ,
- .
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
LITTLE HOPE
FOR ANY BUT
REPUBLICANS
Race for Office Now
Clearly Defined.
"SOLID SIX" ARE TABOOED
MAY YET ATTEMPT TO GET UPON
THE TICKET.
Prohibitionists Will Not Nam© Any
Candidates, Sut May Later
Desire to Be
-leard.
Oakland Office rian Franicsco Call,
908 Broadway, Feb. 3.
The Democratic convention of last night
is being generally discussed among the
politicians. Certainly no such convention
was ever before held in Oakland. The
nominations rr de have not in any way
affected the political situation, nor can
any appreciable results follow from the
filling of any vacancies by the committee.
It has been rumoreu that some of the
nominees for the Council will not serve
and that some of the "solid six" of the
present Council will strive with the City
Central Committee to get on the ticket.
This is denied by many members of the
committee, who realize that it would be
absolute suicide to allow any of the
names of the disgraced six on the ballot.
The nomination of Davie has now nar
rowed the race of Mayor to two can
didates—Davie with the Independents and
Democrats. Auditor Snow with the Mu
nicipal Leaguers and Republicans. There
are only two candidates for City Engi
neer: R. M. Clement, the incumbent, and
choice of Democrats and Indepenuents, Is
opposed by M. K. Miller, the Street Su
perintendent, whose work has been in
dorsed by nearly every merchant and
property owner in the city.
City Attorney Dow should go for a holi
day, for he has no campaign to make.
The Independents could not find a man to
take the nomination, and although the
Democrats nominated T. F. Garrity, it is
as yet uncertain wnether he will run or
decline.
Arthur H. Breed, the Republican nhm
inee, and D. C. Hinsdale, the Municipal
League candidate, will have to fight it
out between them, for the Democrats and
Independents have left the office vacant.
For Treasurer Z. T. Gilpin will run
against James A. Salpaugh, the nominee
of the Independents. As a Populist four
years ago, Salpaugh made a great run on
the county ticket, but there is no doubt
that the Republicans will have a big ma
jority.
So far nothing has been heard of the
Prohibitionists and it is believed that they
will make no nominations. During the
past two years the temperance workers
nave been doing much organizing, and it
is not unlikely that during the next two
years they will attempt to secure the
passage of some legislation by the Coun
cil of measures in accordance with their
Ideas. Withing the past year an attempt
•was made to decrease the liquor license,
and another attempt was made to regu
late the cost of licenses according to the
sections of town in which the saloons are
placed. Nearly every Council has, in some
•way or other, to deal with the liquor
question. But the result of the special
election held about a year ago to decide
as to whether prohibition is desired or
not, resulted in the negative, and many
merchants have stated that it is not like
ly that existing ordinances will bechanged
during the coming two years, because it
Is unwise from a commercial point of
view to be continually agitating such
matters. ■
The City Central Committee of the In
dependents completed their ticket to
night by nominating Alfred G. Swain for
City Auditor For ward School Directors
— D"avid Rutherford, Fifth Ward; Henry
Menges, Sixth Ward. At large— Charles
L. Ing'.er and J. Lemon. T. F. Garrlty
was Indorsed for City Attorney. The com
mittee will meet the nominees next Mon
day night to arrange for the campaign.
OAKLAND, Feb. 3.— The Republican
City Central Committee met to-night and
received the resignation of C. A. Chiches- i
ter as Councilman at large. B. H. Welch
of the Seventh Wai* was placed on the
ticket. Chlchester has also resigned from
the Municipal League ticket.
WILL CONTEST THE
LANDLADY'? CLAIM
GEORGE WHITE TO FIGHT HIS
COUSIN'S WILL.
A Fourteen- Year-Old Boy Who Claims
to Be Heir to a Fortune of
$82,000.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Feb. 3.
The initial step in a contest that "will
prove decidedly interesting was taken
to-day, when George Cox, through his
attorney, Phil M. Walsh, filed a petition
to be appointed guardian of the person
and estate of his grandson, George C.
White, aged 14 years. The estate consists
of a claim of unknown value against the
estate of the late Charles Walter Willey.
Wlltey's father died some years ago in
San Francisco, cutting his son off without
a cent. He contested the will and was
awarded a judgment for $82,000 in Judge
Ooffey's court. The executors of the elder
Wllley's will, however, carried the case
to the Supreme Court, where it is now
pending.
Only about a year ago young Willey
was found dead in a San Francisco lodg
ing-house. Death was due to asphyxia
tion, and it was stated at the time that
he had committed suicide. Young Willey
left a will bequeathing his entire estate
to the landlady in whose house he had
been stopping, and in which instrument
he averred that he had neither kith nor
kin.
Now young White, who is a cousin of
young Willey, will bring a contest to
break the will and obtain a share of the
estate.
The petition for the appointment of Cox
as guardian will be heard before Judge
Hall on February 13.
Fabiola's Success.
OAKLAND, Feb. 3.— The annual meet
ing of the Fabiola Hospital Association
was held this afternoon. Mrs. John Yule,
president, read her report, which showed
that the past year has been one of ad
vancement. The following ladies were
chosen directors of the association: Mrs.
Willard Barton. Mrs. Q. A. Chase, Mrs.
Mcmi Chabot. Mr;. John Yule, Mrs. J. A.
Folger, Mrs. Wallace Everson. Mrs. A. T.
Wilson, Mrs. W. W. Standeford Mrs. V.
R. Davis, Mrs. H. E. Cooke and Mrs. Wil
liam Gruenhagen. , '
Father Dorety's Lecture.
OAKLAND. Feb. 3.— The Catholic La
dies' Aid Society has secured Elite Hall
for the lecture to be given by Rev.
Father Dorety next Monday night. Hon.
R M. Fitzgerald wUI preside.
Oakland News .items.
OAKLAND, Feb. 3.— Default of defend
ant in the divorce suit of Barbara Botts
against James B. Botts was entered to->
Siminoff. arrested for entering a
new house in Alameda and carrying off
some hardware, was convicted of burg
lary in the second degree this afternoon
by a Jury in Judge Hall's court. He will
be sentenced next Wednesday.
Deputy Sheriff J. M. Quinlan has been
acquitted in Justice Larue's court on a
charge of disturbing the peace of ex-
Deputy Constable James E. Taylor
The writ of habeas corpus in behalf or
Frank T. Homer, charged with embez
zling a printing press, was heard this
morning and Judge Hall has taken the
matter under advisement until to-mor-
row morning. _ , ,
Rev. I. N. Hurd, who died in Fruitvale
yesterday, aged 78 years, was a Presby
terian minister about forty-seven years.
For five years he was a missionary in
Ceylon. He was a man of remarkable
activity in the church, of noble character,
and leaves a record of excellent work.
Work on the construction of the Ceme
tery Creek sewer outlet, which is to run
from Twenty-fourth street through the
Harmon and Sacred Heart Convent prop
erties to the main lake sewer, was com
menced to-day. The cost of the work
will be about $5500, to be paid for by the
city.
Diphtheria in a most serious form Is re
ported In the Waunser residence, 1460 Fil
bert street, a little girl being the victim.
Health Officer Dunn is taking all neces
sary precautions to prevent a spread of
the disease.
The Eschscholtzia Club, composed of
employes of the West Oakland railroad
yards, gave its initial dance in Masonic
Hall to-night. The club's officers are: C.
B. Irish, president; M. J. Silva, secre
tary; J. W. Flynn, treasurer. V. Dunkle
berger acted as floor manager.
JUDGMENT AGAINST BAKER.
Six Heavy Mortgages on Oakland
Property Foreclosed.
OAKLAND, Feb. 3.— Six heavy Judg
ments were entered by Judge Ogden to
day in that many suits of the German
Savings and Loan Society against George
G. Baker et al. The suits were on notes
secured b^y mortgages on Oakland city
real estate. Defendant Baker, who
long ago left these parts for New York,
answered to the suits through his attor
ney, W. B. Bosley. admitting to be true
each and every allegation in the com
plaints, while default was entered as to
defendants, the real estate combine, "W.
J. Dingee and Walter F. Lewis.
The principal on all six notes aggre
gated 167,45*3, the interest amounted to
$783 32, and the attorneys' fees to $3250.
John McDonald was appointed Com
missioner. His bond in each case was
fixed at $1000.
SAYS HIS WIFE WANTS
HIM DECLARED INSANE
C. W. WEBLSY DISCHARGED BY
*HE DOCTORS.
The Aggrieved Wife Is Advised to
Sue for a Divorce to Rid Her
self of Him.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Feb. 3.
The Lunacy Commissioners to-day ex
amined Charles W. Webley for Insanity,
but refused to recommend his commit
ment to an asylum.
From the testimony adduced at the ex
amination it appears that Webley made
things exceedingly lively at his wife's
boarding-house because, as he put it, "she
always wanted to boss the ranch."
Mrs. Webley testified that while she
was trying to make a living in her board
ing-house a-t 833 Wood sirtet her husband
refused to do a stroke of work, but would
torment her. She did not propose to
stand it any longer, and concluded to have
him sent to an asylum.
The prisoner answered all questions In
telligently and insisted that his wife was
trying to railroad him to an asylum so
that she could get a younger and hand
somer husband.
Mrs. Webley, who appeared to be disap
pointed over the refusal of the exam
iners to recommend her husband's com
rr Itment, was advised to sue for a divorce
if she wished to get rid of him.
MUSH WRECKS A FAMILY.
Mrs. Ruth Canning Deserts Her _lus
band Because of a Breakfast
Dish.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 3.— Mrs. Ruth Can
ning, a bride of three months, has de
serted her youthful spouse and the home
of the couple at 1643 Park street is deso
late and lonesome. The husband, Walter
Canning, accounts for the departure of
his wife from the fact that he found
fault -with the manner in which she pre
pared the mush for Wednesday morning's
breakfast.
In the evening, when he returned home,
the breakfast dishes were still on the
table. There was no supper and no wife.
Mrs. Canning left no word behind and her
husband has been unable to find a trace
of her. Acquaintances, however, express
the belief that she has returned to the
home of her father at Raymond, Tuol
umne County.
When the war broke out young Can
ning was a member of Company G and
wanted to offer his services to Uncle
Sam. His sweetheart, Ruth Dennis, ob
jected. She said she could not live if he
left her, and the thought of Spanish bul
lets perforating his precious being almost
drove her to distraction. Canning yielded
to her entreaties and stayed at home
while his comrades went to Vancouver
Barracks.
So it came to pass, as stories go, that
Walter Canning and Ruth Dennis were
married. There was decided objection to
the match on the part of the groom's
parents, but they cut no figure in the
case. Scarcely is the honeymoon passed
and the young wife's dream of love Is
o'er. The husband is left to shift for
himself and prepare his own mush for
breakfast.
Funeral of Engineer Jonas.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 3.— The remains of
Engineer Henry H. Jonas were borne to
the grave to-day, followed by as large a
funeral cortege as Alameda ever wit
nessed. The services were held at Ma
sonic Temple, the halls and corridors of
which were crowded with the friends of
the deceased, eager to pay a final tribute
to the memory of the dead hero.
Oak Grove Lodge No. 215, F. and A. M.,
conducted the services. Worshipful Mas
ter Elmer Johnston officiated, and Chap
lain Richard Crooks read the prayers. A
quartet consisting of .Mrs. Marguerite
Wilbourn, Mrs. F. H. McCormick, Dr. J.
G. Humphrey and E. D. Crandall sang
"By Cool Siloam's Shady Rill," "Abide
With Me" and "•Nearer, My God, to
Thee." The pallbearers were: Eugene
Woodin and George Clark for the Masons,
E. A. Randlett and Fred Payson for the
Odd Fellows. Augustus Hotchkiss and
John McCauley for th"c Brotherhood of
Locomotive Engineers. Among the floral
offerings was a tall shaft from the Broth
erhood, a gate ajar from the Masons and
a sickle from the Odd Fellows.
Fighting Shoe Thieves.
OAKLAND, Feb. 3.— George Dawson en
tered a shoe store at the corner of Wash
ington and Eighth streets shortly after 7
o'clock to-night and stole a pair of shoes.
He was apprehended just outside the door
by the proprietor, W. J. Sears, who im
mediately called for the police. In the
fracas Ernest Colby and two others came
to their pal's rescue and attacked Sears in
order to release Dawson. ■ During the
scuffle that followed Dawson was shoved
through a plate-glass window ana badiy
cut about the hands and face, out man
aged to escape before the police arrived.
The officers traced the men to a cheap
lodging-house on Seventh street near
Broadway and Franklin street, where
Dawson was captured on the roof. Colby
was also arrested.
Death of Mrs. George Miller.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 3.— Mrs. Isadore Rose
lett Miller, wife of George R. Miller, su
perintendent of the Pacific Coast Oil
Works, died this afternoon at the family
residence, 2110. Santa Clara avenue, after!
a prolonged illness. She was a native of
New York, aged 50 years and 27 days.
She has cesided in Alameda for nearly
twenty years. Deceased leaves four
daughters and two sons— Mrs. J. 11. Mas
terson, Mabel, Edith. Ethel, George and
Elwood Miller. The funeral will be held
next Sunday and the interment will be at
Mountain View Cemetery.
Saville-Noy Nuptials.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 3.— Miss Ada Saville
of Oakland and Richard Noy were mar
ried last night at the home of the groom's
father, W. H. Noy. 1535 Bay street, Ala
meda. Rev. E. P. Dennett of the First
Methodist Church performed the cere
mony. Miss Vena Noy, sister of the
groom, was bridesmaid and Charles Ohme
was^best man. After the ceremony there
was a wedding banquet, over which City
Clerk Lamborn presided as toastmaster.
Mr. and Mrs. Noy will spend their honey
moon at Santa Cruz.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1899.
WATER RATES
MUST SOON
BE ADJUSTED
Figures That Have a
Special Interest.
BIG OPERATING EXPENSES
INCOME NOW EXCEEDS THAT OF
ANY FORMER YEAR.
The Valve of Plants and Cost cf
Running Theni # Now Reaches
Figures That Are Without
Precedent
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Feb. 3.
Within a few days the City Council will
commence Its ai...ual task of fixing water
rates. There Is some doubt as to
whether the Council will tackle the mat
ter at all, several of the members declar
ing: that the legality of their work is
in such a muddled condition that they do
not see the use of laboring for nothing.
A comparison of the incomes of the two
water companies for the past ten years
shows that at the present time the com
bined companies will derive an income
fully one-third greater than the highest
income ever paid In one year by Oakland
for water. The highest income ever re
ceived for water was $407,926 20, which was
received by the Contra Costa Company
before the opposition started in 1894.
Last year the conditions were peculiar.
For the first six months the combined
companies charged anything they could
get, and prices were very low. They ar
rived at an agreement by" which a mod
erate price was charged, and after June
they charged under the schedule of 1897.
Although entitled during the last six
months of last year to charge the "Wood
ward" rates, they did not do so until Jan
uary of this year. Consequently no por
tion of the combined income has been de
rived from the schedule over which there
was such a bitter fight last spring.
Last year the income of the two com
panies from the sale of water was $324,851.
The increase in the rates over the aver
age rate charged last year is, as near as
can be ascertalnd from a comparison of
bills, about one-third greater than in 1898.
Consequently if no change occurs In the
charge for neater during 1899 the total
income of the combined companies for
this year will not be less than $460,000.
In ISSB the income of the Contra Costa
Company was $316,199 and the operating
expenses $84,551. In 1893 the operating ex
penses were nearly $89,000. Then competi
tion commenced and In 1898 it cost $63,000
to earn $192,200. The Oakland, or Dingee,
company earned an income last year of
$132,661 at a cost for operating expenses •
of $48,783. These figures show that the
two companies last year spent $111,544 in
operating expenses to earn $324,851, while
in 1893 the old company alone earned $408,
--000 at a cost of $58,762.
In view of the doubt as to the total
amount of plant upon which the City
Council must allow the water companies
6 per cent in addition to operating ex
penses, the above comparisons are of spe
cial interest.
RED CROSS LADIES ON
r HE VERGE OF WAR
TREATMENT OF COMPANY G
STARTS A BIG ROW.
Mrs. Mary McGurn Thinks Mrs.
Baurhyte's B/emarks Were In
tended for Her, and
Retaliates.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 3.— There is an open
breech in the ranks of the local Red Cross
Society, growing, out of the lack of a pub
lic demonstration upon the return of the
boys of Company G. The society has
broken up into factions, therefore, and it
is hard to speculate on the outcome. Un-
pleasant remarks are being made with
total disregard of effect.
The statement of Mrs. ■William Baur
hyte, published in this morning's Call,
acted like a firebrand in the ranks of the
society. It was the talk of the town.
Mrs. Baurhyte asserted that the treat
ment of the soldiers was "a crying
shame" and that Alameda stood alone
among the cities of the State as the only
locality that did not give the returning
boys in blue a. royal welcome.
The lady, it seems, gave •expression to
the sentiments of one faction of the Red
Cross Society. The other wing, repre
sented by Mrs. Mary McGurn and Mrs. S.
A. O'Neil, take an entirely different view of
the situation. Mrs. McGurn has the idea
that Mrs. Baurhyte's remarks were di
rected at her and retaliates by asserting
that the lady is inclined to be jealous and
only represents the minority of the mem
bers any way.
Mrs. McGurn and Mrs. O'Neil were sent
to Vancouver to look after the wants of
Company G. Mrs. Baurhyte did hot go.
Mrs. McGurn asserts that the society
never thought of such a thing as giving
Company G a reception. Mrs. Baurhyte
says they did. Mrs. McGurn says the so
ciety has no money and did not desire
to ask the citizens for assistance. Mrs.
Baurhyte says they should have $60 or $70
in the treasury, and the merchants and
business men say that they were waiting
for the ladies to come around for contri
butions and that they were all ready to
do the handsome thing.
AIMED TO KILL
THEN CUT HIS
OWN THROAT
Luigi Piccioli Becomes
a Slaughterer.
PERFORATED HIS PARTNER
THEN HE ENDED HIS OWN
EXISTENCE.
Money Matters of No Particular
Moment Were the Principal
Cause of the Bloody
Tragedy.
Lulgi Plccloll, a barber, fired four bul
lets into the body of his former partner,
Manuel Silva, last evening, and afterward
walked back to his own shop and cut his
throat. Silva was taken to the' Harbor
Hospital, where it was found that his
wounds, though serious, were not neces
sarily fatal.' Piccioli died almost instantly
and his body was taken to the Morgue by
Deputy Coroner LaComb.
The shooting took place at the barber
shop of Silva, 1343 Dupont street, shortly
before 6 o'clock. Piccioli, whose place of
business is at 1317 Dupont street, left his
shop and walked up the street to that of
Silva. No one except the principals was
in either place at the time of the tragedy,
and just what happened is not known, but
the supposition is that Piccioli went there
with the intention of killing Sllva, and
after entering the place lost no time in
emptying his revolver into the body of
the unfortunate man.
Five shots were heard, by Police Officer
Mullender and Victor de Martini, who
were on the street, and they immediately
rushed to Silva's shop, where they found
the proprietor lying on the floor, unable
to speak. The wounded man wrote <m a
piece of paper, which he handed to Mul
lender, that Piccioli had shot him. When
the officer learned who was guilty of the
attempted murder he went to the shop of
Piccioli and found him dead. He was
seated in a chair, with his head lying on a
table. There was a gash six inches long
on the right side of his neck, from which
the blood was pouring, and the razor with
which he did the work was lying on the
floor in front of him. The pistol he had
used to shoot Silva was In the dead man's
pocket.
Lieutenant Esola of the California-street
police station was notified of the case, and
detailed Sergeant Helms to make an in
vestigation. As near as can be learned, I
there had been an ill feeling existing be
tween Piccioli and Silva for some time,
but just what the trouble was none of
the friends of the two mm seemed to
know. At one time the two had been
partners in the barber business at the
place run by Silva. Two years ago the
partnership was dissolved, Piccioli sell
ing Silva his interest. The retiring part
ner opened a shop at the corner of Broad
w.iy and Kearny street, which he oper
ated until about six months ago, when he
formed a partnership with Joe Silva, a
brother of the wounded man. and they
conducted a business at 1317 Dupont
street. Two weeks ago Piccioli bought
out the interest of Silva, and since then
has been running the shop for himself.
It is believed that In the two business
transactions between Piccioli and the
Silva brothers there was some dispute as
to money matters which have never been
settled, and this disagreement Is probably
the primary cause of the occurrence of
last night. The immediate reason of the
shooting may be a little incident which
happened yesterday afternoon. One of
Silva's old customers had been patroniz
ing .Piccioli, and kept his shaving mug
at the shop of the latter. A few days ago
he decided to patronize Silva, and yes
terday a porter was sent from Silya'3
place to that of Piccioli with an order for
the mug. This circumstance probably
stirred up again the old ill feeling Pic
cioli had for Silva, and after brooding
over the imagined wrong he decided to
destroy his rival.
At the Harbor Hospital Silva was at
tended by Drs. yon der Lieth and True
holtz. Four of the bullets took effect and
the fifth passed through Silva's clothes.
Two entered the neck on the right side,
one fractured the lower jaw and an
other lodged in the back. The physicians
would not allow the injured man to speak,
so no explanation of the shooting could
be secured from him. His wife, who lives
at 1603 Dupont street, visited Silva at the
hospital, but could throw no light on the
affair.
Piccioli was born In Italy. He Is about
30 years of age, and leaves a wife, who Is
at present living in Italy.
A Party Without a Platform.
. ALAMEDA, Feb. 3.— The Young Men's
Republican Club of West Alameda* wants
to get a finger In the local political pie,
and threatens to cut loose from both the
Municipal League and Harmonic Hall
and create a little party of its own. It
expects to pull out the political plum by
naming a ticket independent of the other
parties.
The subject was discussed at a general
meeting held last night. The drift of all
the speeches was in the direction out
lined, but no definite conclusion was
reached. The club does not admire either
of the other organizations, because the
platforms of both contain planks favoring
the existing saloon license. If the Young
Men's organization enters the fight It will
do so without any platform.
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was considerable fluctuation on the
Bond Exchange, and some of the leaders de
veloped weakness. Gas and Electric declined
to $83%, Equitable Gas to $10% and Hana
Plantation to $18%. Hawaiian Commercial
sold up to $71%. .
There was a largely increased .business In
mining stocks, accompanied by a pronounced
advance in prices. It is again reported that
Eastern parties are in the market as buyers,
and this explanation of the advance is ac
cepted by many, for there have been no de
velopments to warrant any Improvement in
prices. The leading advances were Belcher to
22c, Best & Belcher to 68c. Chollar to 37c, Con.
? c - <£ Va - to $2 10 Mexican to 69c, Ophir to
S6 £.&ierra Nevada to $105 and Union to 50c.
The Alaska Packers' Association has declared
a monthly dividend of 75c per share, payable
on the 13th instant. •
The Hale & Nurcross assessment of 15 cents
per snare will be delinquent in the boards to
.* r M T stand ard Consolidated official letter
™ % » Janua , r ? 28, says that the raise on the
foot. level is in high grade ore. On the 150
level, raise No. 1 is following a vein 12 inches
•wide on the hanging wall and 4 inches wide
on the footwall. Raise No. 1, on the 318 level,
has 30 inches of fair grade ore in the top. The
south drift and the east crosscut, same level,
are in quartz of poor quality. In the stopes
the usual amount of good to high grade ore
is being extracted.- At the date the .letter was
written the mill was about completed and the
electrical machinery about to be tested.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
'.  • FRIDAY, February 8.
_ Bid. Ask., Bid. Ask.
Bonds— Cent L, & P... 15% 16%
4s quar coup.. 112% — .Eqult G L, Co. 10& 10ft
4s quar reg... — — 'Mutual El Co. 12-V 12%
4s quar new...l2Sft - Oakland Gas.. 49% 60
3 S; quar c0up.,106%107 Pac Gas Imp. 83% 85
Misc-Jllaueous- Pac L, Co 48% 49
Ca -st Cab 55.. 114% - Is F G & E.... 83% -
Cal Elec 65.... 125*127% f San Fran 3% -
C C Wat 55.... 105&107 ft Stockton Gas., 11 —
p i "5 1 ex c... - - Insurance- .
vi"£. £ 63 --" 130 * - Firem-s Fund.2l2ft22B
F&CI Ry 65.. 114 — Bank Stocks—
Geary-st R 6s. - 102 Anglo-Cal .... 66 -
"JfS s>*s. — 106 Bank of Ca1..257H —
LA Li Co 65. .100 — Cal SD & T.. — 99
Do gntd .101 102 First Natianl.2lß —
Market -st 65. ..126 — Lon P& A ..181 -
xT D^i?^ M^ 58 -- 116?4 - Mer Exchange- II
%s,**s R la - 101 - Nev Nat 8k..175 -
NRy Cal 65..113%114 Savings Banks- ;
S^?.?^ l^ 68 " 112 * 113 Ger S & L...1640 1650
NPC 5 R 68 - 104 106 Hum 8 A L.1050 1160
NPC R R 55.10U4102 Mutual Say.. — 41%
N Cal R R 6s. 98'^105 S F Say U.. 490 —
Oak Gas 55.... 109% — S & L. 50... — 100
Om Ry 6s 128*128% Security S B 300 350
P& Cl Ry 65. .1041*- Union T Co.. 1375 1475
P & O 65...... 109 — Street Railroads—
Powell-st 65...121 124 California ....110K —
Sac El Ry 65.. — — Geary ..: 45 —
S F & N P 58.110^110^ Market-st .... 68*4 —
SF& S J V55.111V4111% Oak S I, & H. — —
SlerraßCal es.lOtmOS^! Presidio — 1014
3 P of Ar 65..111%111%l Powder—
8 P C65(1905-6)113%114ft | California ....180 —
SPC 6s (1912)123 - E Dynamite... 87% -
SPCIs eg 55. 106 — Giant Con Co. 61ft «i%
SPBr6s 123 123% Vlgorit 2% 8
8 V Water $3.1194120 . Miscellaneous—
8 V Water 45.102% — Al Pac A55n..106%107
8 V W4s(3dm).loli2lol%|Ger Ld Wk5...175 —
Stktn Gas 65.. 106 — Hana PI C 0... 18ft 18%
. Water Stocks— !H C & S Co. 71% 72
Contra Costa.. 60 61% Hutch S P Co. 33% 34
Marin Co 60 — Mer Ex Assn.. 90 —
Spring Valley.lol%lo2 ; Oceanic S Co. 73 — "
Gas & Electric— I Pac A F A.... — 1%
Capital Gas .. — — ip a c C Bor Co.loo —
Cent Gaslight. los — Par Paint Co 7 — '
Horning Session.
Board—
10 Alaska Packers' Assn 107 00
20 Alaska Packers' Assn, b 6 107 00
200 Central Light & Power 16 00
6 Equitable Gaa 11 50
10 Equitable Gas 11 00
10 Equitable Gas 10-50
30 Equitable Gas 10 374
60 Giant Powder Con 61 62 1 /4
20 Giant Powder Con 61 75
20 Hana Plantation Co 19 12^4
250 liana Plantation Co IS 73
275 Hana Plantation Co 18 50
225 Hana Plantation Co 18 62H
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 70 50
115 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 71 00
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 70 87 1 / &
175 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 70 75
170 Hutchinson S P Co 34 00
60 Mutual Electric Light ■ 12 87>£
B0 Oakland Gas ■ 49 50
5 S F Gas & Electric Co 84 50
E0 S F Gaa & Electric Co 83 87V4
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 83 75
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 83 62V4
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 84 00
$1000 S P of A bonds 11l 25
20 Spring Valley Water 101 50
$3500 U S 3 per cent bonds 107 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
100 Central Light & Power 15 75
60 Central Light & Power 15 50
100 Equitable Gas 10 50
60 Giant Powder Con, s 60 61 50
20 Giant Powder Con 61 75
30 Giant Powder Con 61 62^
150 Hana Plantation Co IS 50
SO Hana Plantation Co 18 25
200 Hana Plantation Co 18 12 14
5 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 70 50
55 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 71 00
60 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 70 75
2;"> Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 71 23
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 71 374
B0 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 71 50
120 Hutchinson S P Co 33 87%
100 Market Street Railway 58 50
JDOfiO Market ft Ry Con bonds. 5 pr ct.116 37V4
15 Mutual. Electric Light .-... 12 87^
20 Oakland Gas ' 49 87Vi
40 Oceanic S S Co 73 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co S3 75
$3000 S F &.S .T Valley bonds, b 2 11l 75
$1000 S F & S J Valley bonds 11l 75
$41100 S P of A bonds, b 2 11l 50
521100 S P of A bonds 11l 50
25 Spring Valley Water 101 75
30 Vigorit Powder 2 75
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
B0 Market Street Railway B8 75
Street—
B0 Equitable Gaslight 12 25
100 Equitable Gaslight 12 12ft
Afternoon Session.
Board—
50 Equitable Gaslight 10 00
200 Vigorit Powder 2 75
60 Oceanic S S Co 73 25
40 Hutchinson S P Co 34 00
$500 W S 3 per cent bonds, quar coup
(new) 109 00
MINING STOCKS.
Fololwing were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Alta 06 3W Mexican 50
650 Belcher 16 600 Ophlr 79
600 Belcher 15 200 Orihir 80
400 Best & Belcher. 65 500 Ophir 8*
400 Best & Belcher. 67 100 Ophlr 81
I 200 Best & Belcher. 58 Sno Ophir 83
i 300 Bullion 05 200 Potosi 23
I 200 ("hollar 34 300 Savage 29
I 600 Chollar 32 2ftO Savage 30
100 Chollar 33 100 Sierra Nevada.. 1 00
600 Con Cal & Va..l 85 400 Sierra Nevada.. 97
400 Crown Point .. li! 3.10 Union Con 45
100 Crown Point .. l"; 100 Union Con 44
200 Exchequer 02 1 3(10 Union Con ...,. 43
1900 Gould & Curry. 34.1400 Utah 19
600 Hale & Norcrs. 111600 Yellow Jacket.. 15
100 Justice 12 i 300 Yellow Jacket.. 16
700 Mexican 491
Afternoon Session.
400 Alpha 05 1600 Hale & Norcrs. 13
100 Alta 06 200 Justice 13
400 Andes 17 400 Justice 12
200 Belcher 20 800 Mexican 56
100 Belcher 22 100 Mexican 55
100 Best & Belcher. 65 850 Ophir 85
100 Rest & Belcher. 6fi 500 Overman 07
300 Best & Belcher. 6S 100 Potosi 25
200 Chollar 35 200 Savage 30
100 ('hollar 37 1 500 Seg Belcher 04
300 Con Cal & Va.. 2 05,300 Sierra Nevada.. 100
1200 Con Cal & Va.2 00 900 Union Con 60
100 Gould & Curry. 35 200 Union Con 49
400 Gould & Curry. 36 500 Ui ah 20
--100 Gould & Curry. 38:200 Yellow Jacket.. 20
Following -were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
150 Andes 16 300 Mexican 45
800 Andes 17 200 Mexican 4S
600 Andes IS 400 Mexican 47
•1000 Belcher 16 700 Mexican 50
2300 Belcher ..' 17 200 Mexican 55
3CO Belcher IS 300 Mexican 66
200 Belcher |... 19 400 Mexican 54
300 Best & Belelfcr. 52 i 200 Mexican 52
300 Best & Belcher. 63 250 Ophir 75
200 Best & Belcher. 64 200 Ophir 76
200 Best & Belcher. 55 300 Ophlr 81
300 Best & Belcher. 57 150 Ophir 84
900 Best & Belcher. 68 700 Ophlr  . 62
1500 Best &• Belcher 65 300 Ophlr 85
300 Best & Belcher. 64 400 Ophir 87
I 200 Best & Belcher. 59 200 Potosi 22
300 Best & Belcher. 61 400 Potosi 23
200 Best & Belcher. 62 600 Potosi •>«
1500 Bullion 05 500 Savage ">6
500 Chollar 32 200 Savage 27
200 Chollar 34 400 Savage ">9
200 Chollar 33 400 Sierra Nevada.. 1 05
300 Con Cal & Va..l 80 300 Sierra Nevada.. 98
900 Con Cal & Va..l'Ss 500 Silver Hill 03
500 Con Cal & Va..l 90|750 Union Con 4,',
500 Con Cal & Va..l 95 1 150 Union Con 44
500 Gould & Curry. 31 300 Union Con 47'
700 Gould & Curry. 32 700 Union Con 48
400 Gould & Curry. 33 600 Utah 20
400 Gould & Curry. 34 500 Utah 21
1050 Hale & Norcrs. 11 1100 Utah- 19
DOO Justice 12 800 Yellow Jacket.. 17
Afternoon Session.
800 Andes 17 300 Mexican 54
200 Belcher 19 300 Mexican .... 55
600 Belcher 20 700 Mexican .... 56
700 Belcher 22 600 Mexican ... 57
200 Best & Belcher. 64 200 Mexican .... w
500 Best & Belcher. 65 200 Ophlr " 83
200 Best & Belcher. 66 200 Ophlr .. ' 84
400 Best & Belcher. 68 400 Ophlr SS
1000 Bullion 05 200 Ophlr .. ■ " s?
1500 Bullion (to'SOO Overman .. " " 07
300 Chollar 351300 Potosi ....
. 300 Chollar 3fi ' 4oo Savage . " 90
! 1500 Co». Cal & Va..2 00 300 Savage !"" 30
: 200 Con Cal & Va_2 02^ 400 Savage ... 71
j 1000 Con Imperial .. 02 1 800 Seg Belcher ' 04
! 200 Crown Point .. 18 j 200 Sierra Nevada" 98
; 400 Crown Point .. 19 1 600 Sierra Nevada.il 00
GOO Gould & Curry. 35 200 Union Con ... 46
200 Gould & Curry. 36 400 Union Con 45
[ 1000 Hale & Norcrs. 13 200 Union Con .. 48
800 Hale & Norers. 141500 Utah 19
1000 Hale & Norers. 16 j 1200 Yellow Jacket.. 1'
400 Justice 12H 200 Yellow Jacket.. 20
800 Justice 121
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, Feb. B—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. | Bid.Ask.
Alpha Con .... 05 On Julia — 04
Alta 06 07iJustiee 12 13
Andes 17 18 Kentuck 10 11
Belcher 20 22 Layd Wash .... — 05
Benton Con ... 07 —'Mexican 58 CO
Best & Belcher 68 70 Occidental 23 —
Bullion 04 05 Ophir 87 PO
Caledonia 24 25 Overman 06 h7
Chollar 37 38 Potosi 25 26
Challenge Con.. 19 20 Savage 2<» SI
Confidence 75 —Scorpion — 03
Con Cal & Va.2 05 210 Seg Belcher. .. 04 85
Con Imperial... — 02lSlerra Nevada.. 1"01 <5
Crown Point.... 20 21 Silver Hill — 04
Con New York. — 05 Syndicate OS 10
Eureka Con — 40ptandard 220 —
Exchequer — 03:T'nlon Con 43 41
Gould & Curry. 39 40 Utah 19 20
Hale & Norcrs 18 —'Yellow Jacket. 20 ?1
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
John Rawllnson to Elizabeth Rawlinson
(wife), lot on S line of Lombard street, 105:9
feet W of Larkin, W 50 by S 137:6; gift.
E. D. and Theresa McSweeny to American
Surety Company of New York, lot on SE corner
Chestnut and Polk streets, E 68:9 by S 100; $10.
Cooper Medical College (corporation) to Levi
Cooper Lane, lot on NE corner Sacramento and
Webster streets, N 255:4V4 by E 275 feet; valu
able consideration.
Allan and Margaret Mac Donald to Charles
Ehn. lot on S line of Ellis street. 81:3 feet W
of Buchanan, W 25 by S 120; $500.
Lange Investment Company to John Stier
len, lot on S line of Carl street. 178:4 feet E of
Stanyan, E 51 by S 137:6; $10.
John and Luna Stlerlen to Mathilde J. Zaret
sky (wife of William), lot on S line of Carl
street, 128:4 feet E of Stanyan, E 51 by S
137:6; $1.
Henry and Anna Kuhn to John and Dora
Geissler, lot on W line of Valencia street, 175
feet S of Nineteenth. S 28- by W 100; $10.
Maurice Barrett to Samuel M. Crlm, lot on
N line of Twenty-second street, 75 feet W of
Bryant, W 25 by N 100; $10.
Helena J. and William T. Houlahan to Ex
celsior Loan Association, lot on E line of Dia
mond street. 78 feet S of Twenty-third, 8 25
by E ]f>o; $50.
Charles D. Mullln Jr. to Maggie Crowiey
(wife of Daniel), lot on W line of Stockton
street, 80 feet S of Chestnut, S 40 by W 60; — .
Charles D. Mullln Jr. to Maggie Crowley
(wife of Daniel) lot on W line of Stockton
street, 120 feet S of Chestnut, S 17:6 by
Louiße la Montagne (Catherwood), wife of
Ernest C. (by A. S. Baldwin, attorney) to San
Francisco and San Joaqutn Valley Railway
Company, half of undivided third of lot on E
corner of Spear and Harrison streets, NE 46:10
by SE 137:6; $*333.
Paul E. Keller to Margaret A. Keller, lot
on E corner of Folsom street and Bruce place,
NE 50 by SE 75; also lot 10, Harris map No. 2;
also all interest in the estates of Richard H.
and Anna B. Monck; gift and $10.
Estate of Maria L. Soule (by Andrew J.
Soule, administrator) to John O. Hasshagen,
lot on NE corner of Point Lobos and Fifth
avenues, E 82:6 by N 100; $2000.
Louis and Rose Lipman to Alfred and Au
gusta Bear, lot on E line of Twelfth avenue,
100 N of I street, N 25 by E 120' $10
William H. Worden to Aroplla L. Worden,
lots 182, 184 ISS and ]8«, Holllday map A; gift.
M. A. Meier to Ghrlstian Steinberg, lot on NE
line of Fifteenth avenue south. 60 SE of L
street, SE 25 by NE 100, block 288, South San
Francisco Homestead and Railroad Associa
tion; grant.
Southern Pacific Railroad Company to city
and county of San Francisco, lot on S line of
liprkshire street, said point being the intersec
tion of the W line of right of way of Southern
Pacific Company with the E terminus of Berk
shire street, thence NE along right of way 90.
E 200. SW 16.42. PE 75, BW along the N line of
Bosworth street 40. W 250. and also such ad
ditional ground within right of way of South
ern Pacific Company as may be necessary for
the construction of tunnel; $1.
Alameda County.
Jens P. and Anne M. Simnnspn to Hartwlp C.
Tambs, lot on SE' corner of Walsworth street,
3", SW from a point in said line of Walsworth
street at SW comer of lot 8, block A, Lands of
Oakland View Homestead Association, thence
SE 94:6. SW 33:6, NW to a point In SE line of
Walsworth tract, thence NE 35 to beginning,
J..lnp the SE U of lot 9, block A, Lands of Oak
land View Homestead Association, Oakland;
$10.
Frank W. and Clara M. Reynolds to Agnes E.
Taylor, lot beginning at a point ISO south from
south line of Lincoln street and K.'o \V from W
Summit street, S 50, W 155. ."."., NE 53:8, E 166.05
to beginning of block E. New Town of Lynn,
East Oakland (quitclaim deed); $10.
Patrick Swords to Eliza Swords, lot on SW
corner of Telegraph avenue and Forty-ninth
6treet, S 150, W to a point which Is equi
distant between W Telegraph avenue and E
Shattuck street, or avenue, the: oe 100 to S line
of Forty-nlntn street. W to X Shattuck street
thence N to S Forty-ninth, E to beginning of
block 2120, Alden tract at Temescal, Oakland
annex: gift.
M. G. and G. Bengllnan to W. J. Herrimann,
re-record of 67S d 76. lot on southwest corner of
Hilgrard and Euclid avenues, W 50 by S 125,
being lot 20, block 7, Daley's Scenic Park
Berkeley; $10.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
R E Pierce, Sn Jose | maid, 2 elds. Helena
J H Boudrean, Modeso;H Epstein, wf, Chgo
Dr Runklnz. Berlin F C Innes, Enterprise
L J Hoover, Stanford \G F Madd^ck, Stanfd
J B Williamson, Ely G M Lewis, Alton
t> Stark. NY G H Andrews, Detroit
G E Griswold, Chgo C W Harman, N V
J F Webb & wf, Plavle E T Ryder, Boston
J F Webb, Placervle J W Mlntum. Mlntum
Miss Dora Webb, Plac P Kervin Nevada
F Beaudry & wf. Cal IM B Howell Jr. Nash
C L Knobe, Chgo C L Meruoman Stanfd
W N Ward. NY , F L Foster. S F
A N Parlin. Boston | Tom .Almglll. Phila
Mrs Freeman, Chgo !W B Mason & wf, SJe
M F Tarpey, Alamda F S Hawkins. Holllster"
H E Sanford. NY F S JoTins^, San Ra
J M Weil. Chgo , E E Aplinz
B Marx, NY T F Kay Jr, Los An
T M Schumacher. L A G E Goodman wf \ T a
L S Roth, Cincinnati R Forsyth, Chgo
Chas . Roth, Cincinnati Mrs W X Florence
H W Turner, wf. cd "'
GRAND HOTEL.
J N Woods, Stockton 111 Boesch & w. Minn
E W Woods, Stockton Mies Mueller Minn
C Storke, S Barbara T J Hills, Sonoma
G A Hoffman, Sacto F C Cook, Sonoma
A Horton, Reckwlth F G Cook," Sonoma
I James, Omaha G Williams Mass
F Charles. Sea View R M Hayes Mass
H X Moses, S Jose E Partridge. Stanford
C G Dormer. Fresno D Hanson, Seattle
F Cot, Sacto W F Knox, Sacto
H Chase, Portland Mrs Simpson. Sacto
H Jacobs. Portland T J Rig?;, Chicago
J Woodford & w. Mont M Howell Jr. Term
C Thornton, Mont >P W Cox, Wash
R Strauss & w, Tex F A Cox, Wash
0 R Gaskill, lowa R F Herrick, Eureka
1 Bird, Merced S E Holdnn & w Napa
O Statman &w. Cat T Alward, Wash
S Maglster, .Cal D McDonald, Eureka
Mrs P Sweeney, Nev F Matthews, Eureia
H W Davis, S Pablo IB J Devlin. Benicia
Mrs Rox & d, Chicago S Adamson&w, L Ang
T C Steele. Dayton iE M Glidden Boston
J Mien, Cal iE B Wilson Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
B Stein & w, S Diego Mrs Searles, Reno
J Bassett, L Ang H Bennett, Seattle
J B Foster, Riverside C Wallace & w. Wash
C W Matson, Petaluma S C Lane. Pasadena
Mlbs C Dayton, L Ang E Buckner, S Rosa
C H Mosher, S Jose J D Moran, Sondra
E Kehoe. Tacoma IC Watson, Vlsalla
A W Barber, Wash |J W Rice. S Cruz
T Kern, S Jose IF Wesslnger. Stockton
G Canning, L Ang '
PAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock,
2526 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES
MisSIONXodgV. No! m. FiandA. M.— • '
Called meeting THIS (SATURDAY) tk
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock; 2d degree, if X
C. D. BUNKER, Secretary. /\r>
NOTICE.— The forty-eighth annual meeting of
the San Francisco Protestant Orphan Asy-
lum Society will be held at the ladies' room
of Trinity Episcopal Church, S.E. f-nrner of
Bush . and Gough sts. (entrance on Bush st
1626) on TUESDAY AFTERNOON NEXT*
February. 7, at 2 o'clock. The reports for the
past year will be presented and officers for
the ensuing year will be chosen. All mem-
bers are urgently requested to attend and all
friends of the cause are cordially Invited to
; be present.
M. P. MacCRELLISH, Secretary.
NOTICE of Stockholders' Meeting— Office of
the Mountain Ice Company of California, 327
Market St., San Francisco, . Notice is
hereby given that in accordance with a reso-
lution of the board of directors of the Moun-
tain Ice Company of California, duly adopted
at a meeting of said board, duly convened
and held on the 16th day of December 1898
a special meeting of the stockholders of the
"Mountain Ice Company of California will be
held on Friday, the 24th day of February
1899, at the office of the company at 327
Market St.. In the city and county of San
Francisco. State of California, the same hi.
Ing the principal j>lac« of business and £?"
flee, of said corporation, and the bulldinr
where the board of directors usually meet
The object and purpose of said stockhold-
ers', meeting Is • to then and there take in?"
consideration and act upon a proposition
to diminish the capital stock of said com
.pany from three hundred , thousand ($3OO «i»
dollars, divided Into three thousand (iooo
shares of the par value of one hundred $100
- do ars each, to thirty • thousand ({3O oX»
■ dollars, divided into three thousand (3
shares of of the par value of ten (*10) dollars
each. By order of the board of directors*
* C & a iMa. the ' Mou^ P & "comwny of
MEETING Continued.
THE regular annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Union Trust Company of San
Francisco will be held at the office of the
company in the Union Trust Company's bulld-
ing corner Montgomery. Post and Market
streets. San Francisco, Cal.. on MONDAY,
the sixth day of February, 1899, at the hour
of 2 o'clock p. m.. .or the purpose of electing
a board of directors to serve for the follow-
ing 'year, the — ndment of the by-laws of
. the compan- and the transaction of .mica
other buslnes^asmay cog, jg™^"**-
NOTICE of annual meeting.-The annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of the San Francisco
and San Mateo Electric Railway Co. will be
held at the office of the company, at 327
Market, on the 14th day of February, at 11
a. m., for the purpose of electing a Board of
Directors to serve, for the ensuing year, and
' for the transaction of such other business as
may come before th« rnee^ting.^ Secretary .
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of th»
Sierra Railway Company of California will
•be held at the offices of the company num-
bers 235. 236, 237 and 238 Crocker Building,
City and County of San Francisco. State of
California, on MONDAY, the 13th -day of
February, 1899, at the hour of 11 « ciock
a. m.. for the purpose of electing directors
for the ensuing year and the transaction or
such other business as may come before said
meeting.
Dated January 28, 1899. - i.- v L' y * * _
JOHN M. BONNER. Secretary.
THK TRESTLE BOARD, $1 per year; m
weekly, 6c; monthly. 10c; sold by all _JT\^
newsdealers. Office, 408 California St.. J^^
San Francisco. _l_^ ._
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTlCETs"hereby given that FRANK B. GIB-
SON is no longer In the employ of the Odd
Fellows' Cemetery. All communications must
be addressed to the association.
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Secretary.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections mad**
city or country. PACIFIC V COLLECTI»
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 55j0.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
NEAT Scotch girt desires a situation to do
cooking and housework in city or country.
J. F. CROSETT & C 0. .-316 Sutter st. '.
WANTED— By a middle-aged widow, chamber-
. work in hotel or boarding-house or as house-
keeper for a small family. Call or address
23 Stockton st., room 10. •■ '■■
YOUNG lady will give $5 for room, and will
act as companion to lady or assist for board
morning and evening; central; no car fare.
■ . Box 1831. ■ '
COMPETENT young lady desires' a position
as copyist In office; real estate office pre-
ferred. Address box Call office.
WOMAN wishes a position as housekeeper or j
manager; is thoroughly competent. Call at
423 Ellis st. after. 9.
SWEDISH woman' wants work by the day.
week or month washing or housedeanlng. 132
' Church st., near Market.
YOUNG girl wants housework; wages $10 or
$12. Address E. 11., 615 Larkln St.. Call
branch- office.
COMPETENT Danish girl wishes situation to
• do second work. Address box 484, Call office,
. Oakland.
SWEDISH young woman wishes to do second
work in American family. Box 762, Call.
COLORED lady, good cook, would like to do
cooking. 1006 Clay st.
RELIABLE young woman wishes situation
with practical Catholic family or institution;
good house worker and seamstress; second
work preferred. Please address 200 Noe st.
REFINED young lady would like to take care
of child from 10 a. m. to 4., Sundays ex-
cepted; best of references; $2 75' a week. Ad-
dress A. B. C, Golden Gate P. 0., Oakland.
YOUNG Swedish ' girl wishes situation to do
general housework; has good references; $25
per month. Address or call 226 Lily aye. ; take
Ilaight street cars. •
EXPERIENCED German nurse, confinement
and other ■ sickness, desires engagements;
terms reasonable; highest references. Nurse,
115 Eighth et. , ■
WANTED— Position as housekeeper In small
family, or chamberwork In hotel or lodging
house; city or country. 305 Larkin St., box lIS.
WANTED— By a young lady of experience, em-
ployment in candy or confectionery store.
Address G., box 1398, Call office.
GIRL wishes position to do general housework
and cooking; reference. Apply 501 Post st, r.7.
WOMAN wishes position to do general house-
work; city or country; good cook. 203 Turk st.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing. iron-
ing, cleaning. 1579 Fifteenth St., nr. Mission.
GOOD reader desires a position with an In-
valid or a blind person to read by the day
or hour. Address box 1840. Call office.
GERMAN lady wishes work "by day or week.
10V4 Auburn, bet. Pacific and Jackson, Mason
. and Taylor.
COLORED woman wishes day's work of any
kind, or office cleaning. Address 19ft Church
aye., near Powell St., off Broadway. ■,
EXPERIENCED German nurse in confine-
ments and other sickness desires engage-
ments; references. Address M. H., 633 Post.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MAKE.
FOR first-class coachmen, gardeners, farmers,
teamsters, carpenters, blacksmiths or other
help, send orders. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
BY a young man, position as assistant butler
or valet or indoor servant; good home more
of an object than wages; country preferred;
references. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency, all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary Bt.; tel Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414^ O'Farrell St.; tel.. East 438.
ENGINEER, 30 years of age; strong and ac-
tive; repairing, pipe fitting and putting up
of all kinds of machinery; first-class refer-
ences. Box 1742, Call, Ice. >•- .
WANTED By Eastern gardener, .florist,
rower of cut flowers and plants; single;
German: middle aged; reference. Address H,
1309 Stockton st. ■
H~TEL or rooming house nroprletor desiring
a man as night clerk who is honest and
worthy, intelligent and industrious, please ad-
dress box 1328. Call office.
YOUNG man, nurse, wishes position to take
care of invalid or hospital work; 5 years' ex-
perience. Box 1392, Call office. -
WAITER wants a place, oyster or short order
house, hotel or boarding house. Address 104*"
Folsom St., room 3. .
YOUNG married man wants work as porter or
Janitor: 4 years last place; references. M, 8..
box 1285. Call office.
GARDENER'S position desired by a thoroughly
competent German; wayes moderate; best ref-
erences. H. N., box 1327. Call office. ■
EXPERT cutter and 'fitter on ladles' costumes
would like to get position with a dry goods
. house; best of references. Box 742, Call office,
Oakland. ■ ____i_l *
WANTED by young man attending college—
position to make himself useful after school
. hours in exchange for board. Box 1387, Call.
WANTED— Position as night clerk In hotel;
• city or country; city references. Address Q.
NICHOLSON, 1121 Mission st. .
WANTED— A. situation by a young man ex-
■ perienced with poultry. Box 1385. Call office.
RESPECTABLE young Swiss, speaking Ger-
man and English, desires a position In a
private family, hotel or lodging house; willies
to do any job around the house; understa:. .*
the care horses. Call or address A. T., 664
Costro st.
JAPANESE young man wants a position as
school boy or housework. M. SUGA, 711
Stockton st., room 7.
BARTENDER; North German; 24; first-class
lunch cook; reliable and willing. 107 Mont-
gomery aye., room 12.
COMPETENT steward open for engagement;
local references. Address dox 1, Call office.
•WANTED— Position by practical experienced
gardener; city .or" country. Address W. C,
2307 Post st. .
POSITION by respectable young man. with
good references; considerable experience with
creamery plants; anything of respectable na-
ture will do. Address 11. p., 523 Folsom st.
CAPABLE gardener; life experience In all
branches; references. Address H. 8., box ITIt,
Call oflfce.
YOUNG Frenchman wants a situation In an
American family; wages no object; wants to
perfect himself In the English language. Ad-
dress A. C. 843 Pacific st. .- -
WINCHESTER house. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 25c to $150 night; $1 60 to $«
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED FEJIALK.
• A MARKER, laundry, $25 per month. MISS
CULLEN. 825 Sutter st.
■A WAITRESS; sleep home; $20 per month.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. ,
2 RESTAURANT waitresses, $5 per week each.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. '
HOUSEKEEPER; sleep home; $15; good place;
housework girl, light work, $15. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st. _
A MOTHER and daughter,' $30; cook country.
$30; .15 housework girls, city and country. i'>]
and $25; 8 young girls, assist, $10 to $"15. MISS
, CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. ■
HOUSEWORK girl, sleep home, |IA. tf l33
CULLEN, 325 Butter »t.ELP W iNTl__>— Continued.
C. R. HANB . Phone. Grant ' ISS '
-waitresses, different country hotels. $20 to
*r-':. 2 chambermaids to wait. $20; 3 restaurant ■
wattresges, $5 and $6; 2 laundresses, plain
• 25v?'" s and Sr «n>ne. $20-$23. C. R. HAN-
BEX ,v CO., 104 Geary st. '
■WORKING housekeeper, small family. $20: sec- i
ond girl for country. $20. fare paid; German
% i°r Swtdi s" Birt. lin family. ?20i and girls
lor an nationalities foo cooking and house-
w-oik. $!,-, to jr.; French nurse girl, $20. C. K.
lIANSEN &• CO., 104 Geary st.
t PROTESTANT second girls, S2O; 5 cooks, pri- i
v ate lamilies. $2.'. and *:;u: American working .
housekeeper, $13; girl for housework. San
Karael, $.'",, sec party here at 11 to-Uay;
laundress, small hotel, J-j: 2 cool»s. boarding :
houses, $25: *i waitresses, hotels and restaur-
ants, r.'O, $23, $."> and $S week; and girls for
housework la city ami country. J. F. CRO- i
SETT & CO.. 316 SHU t st.
NURSE for r.initarium. $30. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 31S Sutter Bt.
SECOND girl. American family. $20; houseglrl, i
3 in family, $25: nurse girl, $li; cook, $25; '
cook, German style, $33 to 435. MRS. NOR- !
TON. 31-1 otter st. .
WANTED— A number of girls to fill various '
. situates; best Of wages. MRS. HIRD 631
Larkin st. ■
EXPERIENCE!) operators on gents' white
• shirts. X. person's. 535 Valencia st. '
WANTED— A socd restaurant waitress; $6 a i
week. 7 Taylor st. •
WAN T ED-A girl or middle-age^ woman for i
housework; good wages. 1221 Stockton st. i
YOUNG girl to assist with housework. Apply '<
lmmedtate 'y at 1143 Turk st., nr. Buchanan. ;
STEADY, reliable girl to assist In bous«work:
wages $12 to $15. Call at 31 Sanchez st. ' ;
■ YOUNG girt wanted for liglht^houlework:
whges $S. Call at 120S^j Polk '
GERMAN. Swedish or American second girl ■
with references; $20. MRS. LAMBERT, 418 I
• .owell st.
" 3EKEEPER for one gentleman, Rhort \
_distance, $20. MRS. LAMBERT. 41s Powell. !
WANTED— Girl to do office" "work; no experi- i
ence- necessary; chiojrraphy must be of high i
,°- r -, r .^diaoositlon methodical. Address box i
l^•w, Call. ■ . / =j-v ;
W c A , XT ED a woman to help In kitchen. Call :
S3O Howard st.
• FOR SALE— A good paying vest making busi- j
ness, suitable for lady; centrally located. Ad-
dress box 1654, Call. r^zf.
WANTEI>- tx^er.er.^e.l operators to sew on !
.men a shirts and underwear; a few Inexpert :
enced will be taught. Apply between 10 a m
and 2 p. m. at the L ELKUS CO.. 29-31 Bat-
tery st.
■OPERATORS on white and flannel over shirts;
a few inexperienced hands taxen and taught, i
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36% Fremont st.
OPERATORS on electric sewing machines on
shirts. GREENEBAUM, WEIL & MICH- !
ELS, £31 Mission st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— ThT Weekly
Call. II pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1. ;
• postage paid. \ •■ < -. '.
lit. 1.1- WAATKjU >i.k..L. ~~~~"\
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. ..Phone Grant 185 '
Restaurant cnet, $>v to <b<j, restaurant butcher. !
$o0; 2 neat restaurant waiters, $4ir 1 waiters, '
same country hotel. $25; plain troaer, hotel !
laundry, $25; vegetable man for springs, $20. I
C. R, HAM BEX _ CO.. HA Geary St. .
10 TUNNEL men for a railroad tunnel, $2 to ,
$2^o a day; 20 laborers and teamsters for :
railroad work; 20 woodsmen, see party here, '
3 more quartz miners, $40 to $50 and board,
see party here; 2 woodchopp«rs, $3 50 a cord;
2 farmers, $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
. Geary tt.
COLORHD head waiter and 3 waiters for first- '
class hotel; see party here. C. R. HANSEN !
& CO.. I'M Geary st. \ \
3 COLORED waiters, same country hotel. '
north. $27 50 and fare advanced. C. R. HAN- i
SEN _ .CO.. 104 Geary st: ■
MURRAY & READY .Phone Main :S4S !
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
Want To-day ..' ;.... i
£3 tiemakers 25 woodchoppers
; 12 farm hands 3 mlikers :
t men to run separators 3 choreboys '■
_ 2 boys to learn trades in the city $3 week i
Farmer and wife Scotch gardener i
10 header men for a large tunnel $J 50 day >
Driver city milk wagon i. Locksmith i
fcheetiron worker Bootblack city I
MUKHAY & READY, 634-636 Clay Et.
4 SECOND cooks, $35 and found; 6 hotel, res- '
taurant and ranch cooks, $30 to $50; 5 wait- '
ers'. $25 and $20 and found. MURRAY it I
HEADY. 634-636 Clay st.
BAKER, small country shop. $S week; second '
baker, city. ?25 and found. MURRAY & !
. READY. 634-636 Clay *t. I
. WANTED— IS tiemakers, 9 to 11 cents each; i
virKlrtV timber and pay every month: miner. (
$40; cooks. wasters and others. Apply to J. ;
F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— Stenographer and typewriter to '
travel, mutt be well recommended: confec- ;
tioner who understands glace fruits. AN- ;
. DRE'B, 31« Stockton st.
MAN and wife, country; wife to cook, man to \
do chores: wages $45; good place. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st. • :, r >
BUTLER. $50 per month. MISS CULLEN, 325 !
Sutter st.
WANTED— A young man for the country, with !
some experience In barber business; German
or Scandinavian preferred. Call Tuesday j
Feb. 7, at 1 p. m., S. FUCHS, 325 Grant aye.
YOUNG man to cook aboard bark; $30 and
found. Apply before S:3O a. m. at northeast
corner Point Lobes and Fifth ayes.
WANTED— A first-class butler with good ref- I
erences: wages $15 to $50 month. Address M.
J., box 1362, Call office.
WANTED— boy between 16 anJ IS years of
age to learn the flower and nuraerv Susir.»ss.
Call at 500 Halght st. - ,':•:;">.,
WANTED— A boy who understands book fin-
ishing. Apply to THE HICKS-JUDD CO.. 23
First st. ■ -. ,-'■■: ■■ s'[
COMPETENT dairyman with farming experi- '
ence: must understand cream separator. 241
Seventh t-t. "
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday; steady. ;
623 Union st. a
.WANTED— Barber, Saturday: wages $5. Call !
after 7 a. m., 227 Second st.
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday. 131 Third
street. . . |
BARBER for Saturday. 173S Market St., opp.
Eleventh st.
BARBER for Saturday. 623 Clay it.
COAT and pants maker for country. Apply ;
REISS BROS.. 24 Sutter St.
vVANTED— First-class paper ruler. Apply to
THE HICKS-JUDD CO.. 23 First st.
YOUNG German grocery clerk; • wages $15, i
beard and lodging. 2701 Twentieth st. |
WANTED— Paper hanger and painter. HILLS
& FISHER. 900 Stockton at.
COOK wanted at 141 East st.
WANTED — Steady n n; .ight, genteel cash
business; must be satisfied with *1b per week
and have *150 cash. 1082 Market, room 4.
WANTED— Steady man to attend office work in i
commission house; good pay; small capital
required. Apply National Agency, 7 Grant ay.
RECRUITS wanted fur the United States Ma- i
rlne Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their In-
tention to become such; must be of good char-
acter and habits &nd able to speak, read and
>a-Hte English, and be between S feet 5 Inches
wHd S feet In height. For further information
apply at the Recruiting Office. 40 Ellis St..
San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 larg*
rooms, 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
TO go this week— 3oo pr • men's shoes, some i
nearly new from 50c to $1 50; new -shoes
slightly damaged, one-half price. 562 Mission
St., bet.- First and Second it*. ; open Sundays.
BOY to do janitor work for his tuition at S
F. Barber College. 13S^ Eighth at.
SINGLE sunny furnished room. $2 £0 a month
Ltn<>ll House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— Cabinet maker and French polisher:
light work. Box 18*3, Call. "
WANTED— At Montana House. 7C4V* Mission
' st.. men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per !
night. 60c. SOc and $1 per week. ■
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms; $10
and $12. 1542 Market st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ- '
m't. H. Bernard. Sec.. 104 7th; teL Jessie ll«4.
YOUNG men, *eamen. carpenters, blacksmiths.
for ships. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50; men's
tfolelng. 35c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
BARBErIS' Association Free Employment Of-
fice. B. FUCHS. Sec.. 325 Grant aye.
SINGLE rooms, 15c. 20c, 25c per night: 75c, $1 !
to $2 50 per wlc Elcho House. 863H Market st.
BAILORS and ordinary seamen "• wanted at I
LANES. 604 Davis ct.. near Jackson. I
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and |
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st. I ■
SINGLE, furnished, fine. large, sunny and airy j ,
room/Sic night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st. !
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth. ■ t
• for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar- i
ket; 200 rooms, 25c night; reading-room: free I
• 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry. <
rooms" Wanted.
WANTED— or 3 unfurnished rooms, with gas,
I for light housekeeping in private family for
: 2 ladles.' Box 1356, Call office.
WANTED— A '9S folding camera. Address box
1354. Call office. '
• WAN VED— MISCELLANEOUS.^
WANTED— Two 12x12 or 14 automatic cut-off
engines and 2 marine or firebox boilers to suit.
JKKOGH MANI'FACTG CO., 11 Stevenson.
1 WANT a good second-hand upright piano;
win -pay cash: Maty price, name and condi-
■ tion. Box IS$4. this office. '
k!^:'.' medical.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases. of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure: relief guaranteed
at any time when others have tailed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
tame day; no instruments used; self cure, $5:
regulator. $1: home In confinement: skillful
medical attention; all can save time and ex-
pense. Consult the doctor; free, before going
elsewhere. Hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to S. MRS.
DR. WYETH. removed from Turk to 916-Post
st., bet. Hyde and Larkin. _^ i
ALL ladies will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr.
S Gwyer, formerly of 22t> Turk st., has returned
to the city and resumed business; a sure and
safe cure for all female diseases (rom what-
- ever cause; all those who are sick or discour-
aged sh. ;i'.l call on the doctor ar.d state their
; cases before going elsewhere: they will find
| her a true friend; home for patients, with
every osmfort; satisfaction guaranteed by
MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy st., between
Hyde and Larkin. .
! ALL Ladies— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
£0 years' practice: -safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief, |
; though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home, ;
etc; babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay: self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 1228 Market St.;
| pills. $1: very strong. $2. -
' A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
j cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
i cause: positively no instruments used; guar-
I anteed cure at office. $5; travelers helped In-
! stantly; home for patients separate from of- :
] fice; consultation free and strictly confiden-
| tial: hours ? a. m. to 5 p. 'm. MRS. DR.
KOHL. 1122 Market, bet. Mason and Taylor.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never fails to
cure. consult him first, save time and money;
> treatment can be used at home; consultation
' free. Call or write. ,102314 Market st. . -
NEW process sent for female troubles: no mat-
,' ter from what cause and how long standing:
1 every woman her own physician; safe and
j sure; no medicine or instruments used: con- i
! sultation free; pills and capsules, $1: cure. $5. ;
By the well-known ladies' physician for 27
years. Call and see me for a safe cure. DR. !
i POPPER. SIS Kearny st. . •
AILMENTS— Lad in trouble see Drs. Good-
win free: reliable, Fafe and sure; cure In 24
] hours guaranteed;. any complaints; no Instru-
' rr.<-nt?: maternity home; best medical at-
i tendance: cure. $5. Removed from 401 D Van
I Ness to 1362 A Mkt.. bet. Jones & City Hall ay.
■ ALL married ladles know "Seguro," the greatest
j boon to them. RICHARDS * CO.. 406 Clay st.;
I II 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU-
j RO MFG. CO.. 531 X st.. Sacramento. Cal.
! DR. and MRS. WEGENER; 1312 Golden Gate
j live, : private home in confinement, with every
I comfort: best care and attendance: terms
j moderate: infants adopted into good homes.
\ ALPEATTS French rills, a boon to ladies with
! female troubles: no danger: cafe cure: $2 50:
I expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
j OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
I PRIVATE hospital: best references : v trained
I nurses.: home comforts. 204 San Jose aye.;
telephone White 4SI.
DR. and Mrs. Wise. 1118 Market Instant re-
! lief for monthly troubles or money back: ss up.
PRIVATE hospital, $5 per week and upward.
Address telephone Blue 1143.
; MRS. M. E. ROGERS— Prl vat* home In con-
| flnement: midwife: 25 yrs. exp^r. 929 Howard.
■ jst-» t ►;vuij; Sanitarium— cared for dur-
■; >.«-.'» -•nent 727 Bellevue ay. ,Lo«> Angeles.
i 3!' "HARD, midwife; pleasant sunny home
1 in ■ . -^ment. 156 Second st : tel. Green 52.
; A WEEK'S news for 5 f*ntp— The Weekly Call.
16 r«Bire= in wrsnn*r. f"r mal'tri<r. *1 ncr v»»ir.
EDUCATIONAL. :
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining: as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol.. min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
j ELECTRICAL— Theory • and practice, con-
l struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice.
shorthand, typing, languages. English; • 24
; teachers, day and evening; catalogue : free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
ATP.ES 1 Business College. 723" Market St.;
I shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship. English branches, etc.: life
scholarship. $30: low rates per week and mo. i
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers:
i Ellis system: sunny rooms; low rates: day.
j evening. FAN FRANCISCO BUS. COLLEGE.
I 1236 Market st. >. ■. ■
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay. archit.: day ft eve.;
est. IMJ4 VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
START rieht and the end Is In *!<rht. Prof.
Merkl. violin, mandolin, rultar."* 1008 Mission.
FRENCH, Spanish, etc.: Prof. De Fllippe's
I Academy of Languages, 320 Post; ablest profs.
MISS GUADALUPE VALLEJO. teacher of
languages. 1514 California st.
PIANO, sinking and elocution lessons. Mme.
. Rer.f ro an- 1 Miss M. Smitten. 1001 Putter st.
| BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught: short time. Tarr. 57! Parrott bldg.
! A WEEK'S news for 5 cent*— The Weekly Call.
16 rates. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
LOST.
LOST— A passbook with The Hibemia Savings
; and Iyan Society of San Francisco, In the name
of CHARLES L. KANE. No. 220,033. The
finder will please return to Bank.
i LOST— lrish setter. Please return to J. B.
HENRIOULLE. 19 Ninth st. and receive re-
; ward. - •
\ $5 REWARD to finder— Blue enameled watch
W-st Jan. 24. 1599, on Baker st. CURTAZ, 560
Hayes st.
j STRAYED or , stolen— greyhound pup;
white on toea. 3002 Octavla st,; reward! .
: ON Market-**. car or »tmr. Oakland, about 4 p.
m ., lady's purse; address i¥>stal; reward. C.
T. H. PALMER. Piedmont way. Berkeley.
CAME to the premises at 2731 Golden Gate aye..
small cow. Owner can have same by paying
j expenses. • -. -
LARGf? tan-colored dog. half mastiff: liberal
f reward for return or information leading to
recovery. 151 Berry st.
| SILVER watch on Scotch Hill: return and re-
celve reward. SC6 Eighteenth. Potrero Market.
$30 REWARD— Lost January 9. \ near Native
Sonx' Hall, a diamond star. Apply 310 San-
some st. ; ■■ "...M
PARTY who found papers and called at 422
Sacramento st.. call and receive liberal re-
ward. . -
______
FOl'MD^
' BRINDLE bitch hound, owner can have hound
by proving property and paying expenses.
I Apply 409 Jersey st. -
i JT— —— - -^ — — ■ — —^—
CAR- E CLEANING.
CITY Steam Ctrpet-cleanlng Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone. South 250,
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to" SPAULDING'S ' Pioneer Carpet-
beatfng Works, 353-357 Teharoa st : tel.. 8. 40.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co
453 Stevenson st.; tel.. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at Sc.
STHATTON'S. 3 Eighth at.; tel.. Jessie 944.
I J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st.: cleaning. 3c per yard: tel.. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ye.: tel.. East 126. ' -. .• .
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
I ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; divorce. laws, private estates. J.
B. EVANS. 14 McAU. or st.. room 84.
i ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
i ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collection:
] free advice; open evgs. Atty McCabe. 103I.arkin.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Sprockets building. '27
Market; consultation free: no fees in advance.
" . HORSES. ?
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies?
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket 227 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
| FOR sale— Fine laundry; bakers'; milk wagons;
2 hacks. 3 buggl«»: 2 . extra .fine delivery
wagons, cheap. £28 Harrison st.
100 PET second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and homes. 1140 Folaom st.
— —^ — — — ■ ■—^ — M
STORAGE.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
ing. 733, Market st.; tel., Black 331. .
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
o/fleu 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel.. Main 5711. j
THE SAX FEAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1899.
" BUSINESS CHANCES.
$750 cor. grocery . and bar on Laguna st. ; |
living rooms; low rent; good paying; cause
of sale, disagreement of partners. WILKE
. & UNFUG, 3t)tj Market Bt. : .. ' .:.
A— s2ooo; BAKERY; Western Addition; kept by
owner for 15 years: 3 wagons;* 6 horses; bak-
ing 7 barrels per day: the leading and best-
paying bakery in this city. Full particulars j
of WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st.
$750; SALOON; 1 block from Chronicle build-
ing; splendid business: rent $50; fixtures and j
stock worth $1500; partners to dissolve cause
of sale. WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market at.
A— s4oo; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon; kept ,
by owner 8 years; 1 block from City Hall; ;
rent $20. WILKE & UNFUQ. !«* Market St. j
i A— ssooo; SHOE store and factory; established
I years; clearing $300 per month; large stock.
I good fixtures; 7 hands employed. Particulars ;
of WILKE & UNFUG. 90fi Market st. j
A— SI2OO— RAREST chance: a private dispen- j
I sary and gallery of anatomy;. the eldest es-
tablished in California; disease- of . men ex-
clusively; receipts of 1898, $4131; museum of
wax figures; reason for selling, a broken-
down, nervous system. Full particulars.
WILKE ft UNFUG. 906 Market st. i
$450 cor. grocery and bar; 4 living rooms
I and furniture; rent cheap: is worth $»u0; must !
i be sold at once: M. LESS. 765 Market st.
i HOTEL and bar of 35 rooms: near ferry:
present owner there for 20 years; house full
of boarders and roomers; large transient
trade. M. LESS, 765 Market st. . ■" .' • .
; $150— GROCERY. and fruit business; 3 rooms
furnished; a bargain. M. LESS. 765 Market, j
I $550— RESTAURANT; a bargain ;• large, hand- i
I some place on East St.. near Oakland ferry; '
doing fine business; receipts $35 day; owner
i going away; trial given before purchasing:
i don't fall to see this to-day. N. LOEWEN-
| STEIN, 47 Post st., room 10. j
! A BARGAIN— SI2S; partner wanted In good-
paying restaurant; cook erred.. N. LOEW-
. ENSTEIN, 47 Post St.. rooms lv and 11. :
A— KREDO~&~CO.. .:.....22V4 Geary st i
Real Estate and Business Chances. 1
Restaurant; near* Market: $60 dally. |
$400— French restaurant: Market st. ; $20 daily.
$2iXio— Roadhouse; near city; 20 rooms. • j
$250— Saloon and cardrooms; $10 to $20 daily.
. $150— Saloon; '•» interest; tine fixtures; piano. :
$200; GROCERY and bar: $10 daily; value in ,
i stock: a snap. KREDO & CO.. 22 '? Geary st. j
! SEE these bargains— Saloon, nne location, clears
$75 mo., $450 : j restaurant at sacrifice, $150, :
sickness cause; saloon and 12 furnished rms., j
I all rented, $500. We buy, sell, exchange any
business. RELIABLE AGENCY, 41 Third st. !
HOME bakery: oven: range: established; j
I - best location. RELIABLE AGENCY. 41 3d st :
I RESTAURANT on Market;- all first-class j
trade; sickness cause of Bale; Investigation
invited. JONES. 565 Market. .
$350— BLACKSMITH, wheelwright paint shop;
estab. 20 years; doing good business; owner |
wishes to retire; rent $9. JONES. 565 Market. .
i $350— PARTNERSHIP In best paying restaur-
ant in city: meals 16c to 50c: each guaran-
I teed $100 monthly. MOON, 10004 Market st.
. — TO buy or sell your business quick for cash .
apply to MOON & CO.. ICOSV4 Market St.
! $200— PARTNER wanted: suited to plain, ;
steady man satisfied with $15 to $25 a week; (
I no experience required. WESTERN INVEST- ,
MENT CO.. 9 Geary st. |
1 $100— SALOON; bargain; going to Alaska cause i
of sale. Mclaughlin & CO.. m Market.
' FOR sale— Saloons, groceries, cigar stores, res- j
taurants, cheap. National Agency. 7 Grant ay.
' $250— CORNER grocery and fine bar, doing good
I business: will be sold at once; owner going ,
i to Alaska; a snap to-day. NW cor. Zoe and
Freelon, bet. Brannan & Bryant. 3d and 4th. ;
i FOR sale— Half interest in an old established
' down-town mercantile business; capital re-
; quired, $20,000; principals only. Address S.,
box 1336, Call office. ___________ :
i RESTAURANT— Fine one: all oak fixtures; '
pictures and French plate mirrors; cost new I
$500; price. $135 cash. Apply 233 Taylor st. ;
no dealers. • j
j $2300; AN old-established tobacco and cigar ;
' • business on a prominent corner on Market st. '
j Address C. T.. box 1399, Call offlce. }
■ 1 FOR Tailor store In country: fine busi-
MM. M. CLINK. Vlsalla. Cal., box 204.
• RESTAURANT and cigar store: 2 rear houses;
•! . on leased ground; $400. ISOS Haight st. -
' i COFFEE and dining parlor; old established j
\ stand: nicely fitted up. 138 Polk st. i
! $90— PAYING restaurant business: complete fix- I
tures. 2323 Alameda ive., Alameaa. I
j $125— PARTNER; restaurant; Western Addi- I
tion: must act as cashier. Address box 1307,
Call office. , . ■
j COAL yard for sale; no reasonable offer re-
fused; at Sixth and Washington. Oakland.
\ BRICK for sale at , $2 per thousand firewood i
! ! cheap. Baldwin ruins. .. ■
: SINGLE man or old lady In fine business. $75.
I Box 1390, Call office.
SALOON: good paying: situated In wholesale
district. Apply 7 2 Vallejo St., room 2.
EXCELLENT opportunity— Half interest In
planing mill in the most prosperous interior '
city In the State; good chance for any one '
with llttre cash to invest: practical mlllman
preferred. Address box 1373, Call office. - )
WANTED— Partner with $5000 capital to Invest I
in a strictly legitimate business, paying 200 (
per cent per annum; open to -atisfactory in- ■
vestigation: principals only. Box 1588, Call. !
MERCHANDISE store stocks of any descrip-
t ion bought Address THE LIPPITT COM-
PANY. 226 Bush st. '
$800— PORK and delicacy store: one block from
Market. Box 1374, Call office.
CIGAR stand for sale cheap. 501 Kearny
' street.
FOR Sale— A bargain; first-class grocery store
in Mission district: cash; about $1000. Apply
at TILLMANN & BENDEL, 313-327 Battery.
FOR Sale— Cheap; a branch bakery and dairy
produce store. Apply 707 Devisadero St.. be-
• tween Fulton and Grove.
I $275— COAL yard: 2 horses. ' 2 wagons; buggy;
I fair business. 753% Market st.
i COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CAS"WELL ft CO.'S. 416 Sacramento st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
18 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
A^KRED0'arca........ .......... Geary st.
Money Advanced on All Houses.
100 rooms; c.ears $250 nr>nth $4,000 i
30 rooms; Kearny: mostly offices 2,200
21 rooms; best on Mission st 1,200 {
14 rooms; O'Farrell: best transient -600 ■:
,-11 rooms: well furnished: rent. $20........ 225 '
10 rooms: Bush: good for milliner 550 j
10 rooms; Powell: clears $50 ;. 800
10 rooms; Taylor; rent nly $35 276
And others. Call and get list. KREDO.
A— NOTICE: 200 lodging houses for sale cheap;
part cash. National Agency, 7 Grant aye. •
A— POST, 1692, cor. Buchanan— elegantly
i furnished fiat: make offer. .
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4S 10, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
I FURNITURE of 6-room flat, complete: also
beautiful range, price $125; sacrificed on ac-
count of departure. 915^ Mission st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH _ WOLPMAN, 193-197 Fremont st.
A— BAR outSts, counters, shelving, showcases
(all sizes), office fixtures, cash registers,
scales, coffee mills, etc.. bought and sold; es-
timates given. J. SCHWERDT. 821 Mission.
FEW new novelties in musical Instruments.
Address CHAS. PALMER. 48 Third St.. S. F.
• AM. Iron Wks.. 615 Sixth— Second-hand Deane
duplex pump, 7VixlO; 24-in. planer _ matcher.
POSTOFFICE lock boxes: second hand: 3 keys
to box. R. W. WILLIAMSON. Stockton. CaL
GASOLINE engines; 20 and 4 horse-power;
' cheap. Box 1388, Call office.
FOR sale— Thoroughbred Great Dane Queen
Olga; Winnings, first novice San Jose. 189S, and
second limit San Francisco, IS9B - $15; would
exchange for ladies' wheel. Cleveland. ! Ram-
- bier, good condition. B. BYRON. 2254 Buena
Vista, Alameda, ■ ■ ■• ■
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
- niture and fixtures; new ar.d second hand J.
NOONAN; 1017-1019-1011-1023 Mission st..
above Sixth. -.'• ..; >;V ;.'. vi<,- . -.
LARGE safe for sale, suitable for any bust-
ness. 617 Washington. . > ■' • . <--.
BOILERS, engines, pumps, belting dynamos"
. second-hand. WHITE'S. . 516-518-520 . Mission;
FOR belting, pump cups, lace leather, pulleys,
etc., Cal. Belt Co.: tel. Br. 331. 519 Mission.
LIBERAL commission paid by L. EPSTEIN,
J 64S Mission St.. for the Information of second-
hand tools and machinery that is for sale.
SAFES— The ' Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
-► 423 Sacramento st. ,_•■'. , : \
SAFES— Bargains jln new ' and second-hand- all
sizes: half -original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
ONE and 2 ■ bowl barber . washstands. =■ cheap.
HUFSCHMIPT, 623 Golden Gate aye. ■ - ■-
:■_/. sewixg machines! ~~:.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: Phone Mint 45.
ALL ; kinds < bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest ■: rates. ' 205 Fourth st. :- ; : ■ .
.-'. ■■-"- ' : ■ phi sic [Ajra. ; ;:,
REMOVAL Notice— Dr C. C. O'Donnell. offle*
and residence.- 1021 >& Market, bet. 6th and 7th,
"' *.* HOUSES TO LET. ~ V
\T7T303"30n^8". ;..... $50 12 '-'r. / 2723 i Pacific "av".*7s i
10 r. 323 Ellis 65 12 r. 595 E11i5......... 75 I
12 r. 426 Post 60 12 r.. 1914 C1ay........ 75
A. M. SPECK & CO.. C 67 Market St.
HOUSE eeven rooms and bath. $25 and also
stable. 1403 Stelner.
HOUSES to let for the New Year by BALI). \
WIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st. •
PERRY. 212tf— Bay-window, house, 4 rooms;
rent - $12 50: water free. Apply :to3 G. H.
UMBSEN & CO., Incorporated. - j
12- ROOM house; fine for renting rooms. ;
i 29 Oak st. near Market. Apply 15 Grant aye. ;
FURNISHED Houses to LET.
POST, 1352, near Franklin— : furnished rooms, i
■ bath, etc. ; very sunny; large grounds ' and '
lawn; rent only $75 on lease. Apply MADI- ]
SON & BURKE, 626 Market st.
8 ROOMS, partly furnished: modern: 2533 Mis-
elon. Apply room 24, Flood building. !
FLATS TO LET.
A— Neb Hill, opp. Bella VUta Hotel; a and 8 I
rocms: bath; *16 to $21 50. Terrace. 9*) Pine. ■
FIFTEENTH, 2156— Modern sunny 6-room flat,
bath, large yard; basement; rent reduced to
$17; north of Market st. ; take Castro cars;
key corner grocery. v
FLATS to let for the New Year by BALD-
WIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery St.
NICE comfortable 3-room-' flat; newly papered.
110% Fell at., near Van Ness aye. . j
MCALLISTER, 635— Nice sunny flat of 7 rooms
and bath; rent $25. . r . ■
PAGE. 452. near Webster— 6 and 6 large sunny
rcoms; bath, storeroom; rent reasonable.
$12— 291 SHIPLEY, near Sixth: flat, 6 rooms,
bath, folding doors, gas, mantel. ■
STEVENSON. 427. between Fifth and Sixth— J.
convenient flats. Apply rear or 705 Oak st.
SUN in every room; northeast corner Sutter
and Devisadero sts. ; 6 rooms and bath; newly
tinted and painted; rent reduced from $30 to
$25. Apply MADISON & BURKE, 624 Market.
SUNNY lower flat, 4 rooms. 172 Hawthorne
st, near Harrison. • ■
SUNNY upper flat of 5 rooms and bath. 69
Fremont aye., near Frederick st; no children.
VERY pleasant sunny flat; low rent 83f Guer-
rero st., near Twenty-first.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
■United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
~ FURNISHED FLATS.
A FURNISHED flat. 8 rooms and bath, com-
plete for housekeeping. 1023 O'Farrell st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING^
A— SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; kitchen and bedroom;
furniture all new; $2 60 per week; $10 per
month; suitable for 2 or 3 p:rs»ons; no chil-
dren. Apply at shoeßtore, 562 Mission St., be-
tween First and SecondFts^^^^^^^
A LARGE room, complete for housekeeping;
$1 25 per week; no children. Apply at shoe
store, 562 Mission st, bet. First and Second.
CLEMENTINA. 707, cor. Eighth— Nice front
housekeeping rooms from $8 up; laundry and
bath. -.'■.-
FIRST, — 2 unfurnished rooms; suitable for
housekeeping; $6 per month. . J
FOLSOM. 870—3 large rooms completely fur- '
nished for housekeeping.  ;
FOLSOM, 810— Furnished complete, two Bunny
rooms; no children. - ■ "
GEARY, 1917— 520; for adults; 4 comfortable
rooms; bath: 2 beds; coal and gas stoves; all
necessaries. - >.";<■":?. • <. ; : .', :
HOWARD. 529—2 sunny housekeeping -rooms;
running water; terms . reasonable.
HOWARD, Front room and kitchen; fur-
■ nished for housekeeping, j
HOWARD, 2006 A. near 16th— Lovely sunny par-
lor suite for housekeeping; cheap. . ;
HOWARD, 2902. near Sixteenth— 2 sunny roon.s
complete for housekeeping; $10. ■, .
LARKIN, So 4— 2 sunny rooms neatly furnished
for housekeeping, yard, $10.
MINNA, 364 Tw0 neatly furnished housekeep-
ing rooms with running water; cheap. . ■ .. -
MINNA, 549—1 large sunny housekeeping
room; reasonable. . -;■'.' ■ _; -•".
MISSION, Two 2-room suites: kitchen for
each; sunny; complete for housekeeping.
MISSION, 945 — 3 rooms complete for housekeep-
ing; front room, bedroom and: kitchen.
NEW . -.TGO.-^RY. 165— Front sunny hkpg
rooms, $1 25 up; single rooms, 10c up. .
OAK, — Unfurnished housekeeping rooms. If
you can't find what you want call at 3S Oak
st., Ito 4. ■ . ... ■■■-.- ;■■■.'; .
OCTAVTA, 1403, cor. Geary— Large bay-window,
.mantel, gas, folding bed, for 2. ■' '. : *>--.
POLK. 1641, nr. Clay— 3 furnished hkpg rooms,
reasonable; running water; suitable couple.
SECOND. 247— and unfurnished hkpg
. rooms; also single; new and clean; cheap.'
STEVENSON. * 403, cor. Fifth— Housekeeping
rooms, nicely furnished complete; ;- cheap;
home privileges. • "
SIXTH. 216't— Nice sunny housekeeping rooms;
also light housekpg and single; reasonable.
THIRD. 340 — 1 sunny furnished room, : complete
for housekeeping. $6 per month.' '
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; flrst-ciass
In every respect; terms reasonable. - ■',
AT 52 Second— Double rooms, per wk., $1 60 to
S3; single. $1 to $1 50: night. 29c to 50c.
AT Geary, 14A— Clean rooms, with good beds;
day, week or month; $1 per week. .
AT Stockton. 242— Sunny front rooms: suite*.
■ingle; facing plaza; day or menta. , ' •
BALBOA. The— 1043 A Market st.— Bulte», $1S
per mo. upward: $1 per day; . elevator; ttl.
BRANNAN, 725. above " Sixth— 3 nice unfur-
nished rooms, $7; also 2 rooms. $5. ■■
BRUNSWICK— Sixth St.. corner Howard-
Rooms en suite or single. 25c to $1 a night;
$1 25 to $5 week: open all night; Howard st.
■ cars pass house .Street from all trains.
BURNETT. 1364 Market .Bt— Nicely furnished
rooms; suites and single: also unfurnished.
BUSH, 421—9 sunny furnished rooms; cheap
rent
BUSH. 616—1 large front room and single
rooms; sunny; rent reasonable; bath. - -
FIFTH, 109— New management; nicely furnished
rms and offices; suites or single; $1 25 wk up.
GEARY, 371— Sunny furnished room: very reas-
onable.
GEARY. Newly furnished front bay
window room; sunny; reasonable. .
GOLDEN West Lodging House, 439 Jackson St.,
■ bet. Montgomery and Sansome; rms.' at 10c,
15c and 20c per day: $1 per wk.. $3 per mo.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
\ Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
'Gjngle: elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to ts per week. ■
JESSIE. 478. nr. Sixth— Sunny front room, par-
lor floor, for rent. .
LEAVENWORTH, Jl4— 3 unfurnished rooms;
new flat; elegant parlor suit and kitchen;
reasonable. .' • ; : : • .
MISSION, Sunny, alcove room, newly
. furnished, for 2; running water; grate.
MOSS, Newly furnished front room; pri-
vate family. . . . .; :
O'FARRELL, Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator, electric lights: day. week or month.
O'FARRELL st., 923, near Van Nicely
-furnished sunny rooms; gas, . bath, - running
water; reasonable. v •
PERRY, 174— A large sunny front room; fire-
place and bath; terms'- sonable. ■ .> .
PINE. 514 A. near Kearny — Nicely > furnished
sunny rooms; single or en suite: moderate.
SHERMAN Apartment House, i » Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished. '
STEVENSON,." 409— Nice sunny, furnished front
rooms, with grate, and others $1 up. -.'• . .
WEBSTER, 711— large handsome unfurnished
rooms to let: modern improvements. ,-:' '■
ELEVENTH. Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. . . . ' _
ROOMS AND BOARD. -
FIRST. 415— Swedish private boarding, with
-room. $4 a week up: elegant parlor suite. ;;■
HOTEL Fairmount. 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture: first ' class In ■ every k respect; I table
unsurpassed ; i hot and ; cold . water ; - elevator;
suites.. with board for 2, $50 a month up. - ,
O'FARRELL. ' Pleasant : sunny rooms: "' -ex-
, cellent * board : ' reasonable : - table - board.
V*' ': CHILDREN BOARDED. .^ -,
CHILD boarded: -no = other, children ; ' $6 per
month. Box 1835. ■....-; : - .
WIDOW would board small child or infant. 2*55
-San Jose ay.: take cars cemetery. line out 14th.
~;.;\.-*.> ■:■-,.; stored 5 TO l et.-;,. ,:■:.; ; : ■■■
A LARGE ' store and ; four : living ; rooms, ■ yard
■ and shed. - r.37 Howard. *■••' - .::■'■;.:..  j
■-,'->-'.:■ :-:y- : : . OFFICES TO LET.:'
A SUNNY i corner. 1 suitable 5 for offices; : - single
% or,' suite. ' 12CS Market st , '. cor. , Golden Gate:
• - . — ■ - . ■. . • . . ■ ■ \
PERSONALS.
I $100 REWARD to the person who will give me
i information . that ' will convict the party who
: set my place on fire last: Sunday at H st. and
Tenth aye.. Sunset • District. H. HOLSTEIN.
PILES Herbal Salve : and Blood Tonic; guar-
anteed perfect cure: sent privately to any ad-
i dress; price. *3.. Address WATSON HER-
BERLIST, 3848 • Twenty-sixth St., San Fran-
-. Cisco,"- Cal. • ' : '.*■•-. .'-'■«' ■
HARMONIC Vibrator, great curative invention;
I face wrinkles removed; chronic, diseases sue- r :
! cessfully treated; tests free; circulars. Har- ]
; monic LtteCollege and Sanitarium. 236 Powell.
! FOLDING beds $3 50;'bedrm. sets $8: bed loung- !
I es $4 50: open ev's. .L. J. NEUMANN. 121 6th. j
; LEUERER'S QUINONIA hair tonic is used by , :
i - all the first-class hairdressers on this coast. I
j G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st. |
i LEDERER does the most artistic hairdressing;
always the latest styles: fine pompadour hair
rolls," only 35c; switches. SI; fine. $2 50: FOAMO
shampoo. 5c pkg. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
j JOHN L. BOONE. " Patent. Trademark
I Attorney-at-Law. ■ and Copyright
j No. 4 Sutter St. Law a Specialty.
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
| Send for Circular. \ Patents Solicited.
1 ELECTRIC lights in every room- Winchester
■ House. 44 Third St.. : near Market: 200 rooms:
; Xc to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
I ARTISTIC ban»boo furniture, wholesale and re-
tail; all kinds fancy- work 3 to order. K.
YOSHITANI & CO.. 313 Sutter st
< JAPANESE goods, bamboo furniture. Spanish :
drawn work, wholesale and retail. ■ OkuDo
' Company. 507 Larkln st.
i Pacific Matrimonial Agency. 110 Ellis, dries'
largest business; gives best results: details free.
, A— Ladies', gent's clothing, furniture, bought.
: i gold. Tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folscm st.
| BERWIN & GASSNER, furriers, formerly on
' Post st. removed to store 110 Kearny st.
BATHS 12Uc: 30 porcelain tubs: separate en-
trance for ladies. 34 Fourth st, nr. Market.
HOME in confinement: diseases of womep.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth st.. Alameja.
; A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale prices.
H. KRAMER, 20 Sansome st. "
: CLOTHING, especially ladles' and children's;
' highest price: postal. H. Fabian. 1029 Folsom.
i SUITS to order en easy installments. !•
! LEMOS. 1117 Market st. bet. 7th and Sth.
j A WEEK'S new* for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. in wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
DRESSMAKER .
LEARN dressmaking, ladies' tailoring, mil-
linery; special offer this week; perfect fitting
• patterns. McDowell School. 103 Post ■ st.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market; men and women teachers.
, 1 SILK or cloth dress made. S3 to $6: dress made
: over: perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MMK.OOLPSTRIN.'
.; SPIRITUALISM.
ADVICE and Assistance for All. -~ > -~~- ~
i . MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
; ' FEE $1 and upward.
1 Reveals 1 your life from cradle to grave.
TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY
Her assistance is priceless. Her ''Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis. j
'. rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
■ she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
Address or call MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
" ■ 1104 Market St. (The Vendome),
• Corner Market, Mason and Turk sts.
' ATTENTION— If you want to see a medium
see the best; tells everything; valuable in-
formation given to users of morphine: 5 ques-
-1 tions by mail SI. LEANDER. 313 Eddy st. .
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium.
I life reader: medical clairvoyant: treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. ELLIS; tests to all; -Tues.-Fri.. 2 p. m.;
Mon., 8: 25c; ■ sittings, $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. MENA FRANCES, independent slate
• writing medium. US Haight st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, permanently located
in San Francisco at 1023*4 Market st. bet
Sixth and Seventh: while entranced gives aid
and advice which will overcome your enemies.
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
i tlons, make marriage with the one you love
no failure, remove Influence, bad habits; will
give correct Information on law suits, sick- I
• nees, death,- divorces, absent friends, etc. ,
N. B.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by ;
mall. Send stamp for circular, with special
. terms, to MRS. DR. F. CLARK. 1023% Mkt
. REMOVED— Lenemar. ' fortunes by
; planets. 472 Stevenson St., cor. 6th, room 4.
. MME SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
; " band'» picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell Ft.
: ; GYPSY life reader, of 3 7th St.. now <*!$ Mis-
. | sion;-best palmist In the city; 25c and 50c.
MME AUGUST. 1150 Mission st. clairvoyant
and palmist; truth or no pay; trie.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader: ?6c up. 73 Fourth st. near Mission. ;
; JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist.
101 Eddy and 13 Mason st. parlor 3.
' MME RAVEN A reads life fluently: business
1 advice: names given: JS'. : up. 5 Fourth st.
! MRS B. BAUMANN. the well-known 'ortnnt
teller. h»« oiw^oii .>- «•.»'!,». -■* "1" <VF*rrMl.
• I :i>IC.TI : ASTROLOGY .
1 FUTURE • events, 50c: send date. hour, birth-
place. PROF. MONROE. 1129 Howard st.
• MUSICAL IN-STRUMENTS.
AS we are ' selling good upright pianos for $4
I cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
Id rood second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$c per month. SHERMAN, CLAY A CO.,
Etelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
its., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland ■ • ■ --
A FEW BARGAINS LEFT -. T~ ~~
Hallett & Cumston; good for practice $55 !
Seitz: fine c0nditi0n. ..............; .....145 i
", Fischer; thoroughly repaired 160 i
Sterling: fine order ..{.:.:.. 175 i
Knabe: a bargain. Six dollar payments; guar- |
anteed 5 years. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. \
Checkering Agents. .16 O'Farrell st. -
i ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house '
west of Chicago Is KOHLER 4 CHASE'S.
I it. 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.: pianos, organs and '
i all other musical instruments of all grades !
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. : ■ ;• . . ;
THE best bargains in the city can-be found i
at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st. Call and see !
the. stock in their elegant new rooms. . :
j NEW pianos rented. $3 mo. Scott-Curtez Piano
I Co. Belf-playing piano (30 tunes). 560 Hayes.
'. A— UPRIGHTS. "up: installments. Is ;.i up; j
rents. $3 50 up (allowed on purchase). 13« Ellis, j
W.- G. BADGER. 41S- Sacramento St.. agent for I
' Francis Bacon and Hallrt * Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. riCHMITZ. 1« :
McAllister st. n»*t Hlbernla Bank.
SOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
. MAUZY. Sole Agent. 308 Post st.
- . . .
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. 308 Poet st. "
■ HAINES Bros." and other 'first-class planes at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap: brilliant,
: powerful tone. ; HORNUNG, 216 McAllister.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st. .
ST'PFRIOR violins, ilthers. old and new. H.
WT.T-FTt rr*V»r repairer. 1 Latham "lace.
__ ; DENTISTS. 5
A METAL plate for the same price as rub- '
ber; full set of . teeth. $5; crowns. $3; fill- i
ings. He; ' teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no students employed: extracting free
when • plates are ordered ; consultation free. '
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and : 1
Mason sts. , Entrance 8 Mason st.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlor— Best work at ' :
lowest prices; full set of teeth, $5 up; fillings, '
25c up; all work absolutely painless; written '
guarantee; "painless extraction by electricity (
• our specialty: ten skilled operators: no stu- (
dents: the largest and handsomest dental par- 1
lors west of Chioago; open evenings and all >
day, Sunday." Corner Sixth and Market sta.
A : FULL" set ■of teeth.' $5; see new flexible
■ plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years: I
teeth without, plates, crown and bridge work i
our - specialty/ fillings, 50c; crowns. $3 50: all I
work painless and warranted. • Chicago Den- 1
. tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.'
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, Jo OFarrell St., ex- ;
, '■ tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
I ful ~ secret ' method : ; crowns. $2: bridges, $4 ;
rubber or flexi' '• plates. $3; received 8 first <
prizes; no students: guaranteed 12 years. -
DR. • LUDLUM , HILL. 1*43 Market et.. near :
Eleventh;- crowns/ bridge ■. work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable: gas given. ---■-.■
LOWEST : prices \lni S. F. : ■ painless extraction
. ■ guarntd. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission, cor. 6th. ; •
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G. <
■•>. YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. -->-.-:." ■; .■>»;•
COLTON Dental • Association.: SOB Mar st.
■■..DR. CHARLES W. . DECKER. ;
PA RIP Dental Parlors.' 235 Kearny; set of teeth
•;j $4; filling, gold. ■ T.iV: silver. 25c; crowns, S3.
-•■•'.'■ -;-■.:■■.■'.'-■•■ :TYl'i , LITERS. •.■.■;. r\" \ i
AH typewriters sold ; and rented, ■ few partly
used (or sale cheap;': send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDERS CO.. 110 Montgomery. -
A HAMMOND. $35: Caiieraph.- $15; Yost. $25; , »
get sample work. BCOTT, 333 Montgomery at. I 1
..-■'■ '■'"'' CITY REAL ESTATE.
TrrrrrrT; .... .mission cotta^es^.".t..^?^".
ON BITUMINIZED STREET
$2200— Five and six room cottages.
$2250— Four-room cottage
$2400— Sls^room c0ttage........:..;............:.;
$2SoO— Five-room : cottage
$3200— Bight-room: two-story :.........
New mouern houses ' with - every convenience
on the sunny aide Twentieth St.. ■ between
Castro and Noe sts: lots 25x125: small cash
. payment, bal. monthly. F. NELSON, builder.
$3600— EASY terms; 2 fiats, 5 and 6 rooms and
bath. 2430-2430% Sacramento St., " near v Fill-.
i mere; apply from 2to4p. m. ' : * ' ■*-•.■
i $650 WILL build 4-room bay-window cottage;
I will call. GEORGE M. SALSBURY, builder,
r,21 X st., Sunset district.
Cpi>.«TUl REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— 17 acres, with cottage,
barn, orchard; 7 miles west of Redwood City.
San Mateo Co. Apply to owner, 1238 Market
St., room 73. 11 to 12 a. m. . ' .
\ — . —
jNt" rich land near city; small and large
tracts: 2150 acres sold to 120 famlies: 7500
acres left. • For particulars of immense crops
raised In dry season of 1597-IWS address THE
COTATI CO.. 302 California St.. S. F. ■ ;
FOR SALE- — Country . home of F. S.Wensin-
.cer: 625 acres, with profitable dairy. Apply
to owner on premises, Freestone. Sonoma Co.
GOOD grazing land. $2 per acre: plenty water
.and timber. 777 Market st., room 7. ~- .
RICH land, near bay. fruit, grain or hogs:
bargain. S.. b. x ICTJ>. Call offtre.
~~~ MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak- ]
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without .
j removal: .no commission: no delays. IJ. !
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Misson st.. above I
Sixth: telephone Sonth 14.
| HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamond; and jew- |
, elry at the lowest rates. BaViwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market St.; tel. -Main 1044.
$50 TO 1100. at cut rates: estates In probate,
Ist. .2d or chattel mortgages; undivided inter-
ests estates. P. A. Dolan, 40 Montgomery, r. 7.
LOANS to salaried people: no security except
. name. New Era Loan Co., 1003V4 Broadway,
Oakland. Hours, 10 to !.
ON furniture or pianos, city or Oakland: no re-
moval; low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st. .
"ANY amount of 6>-i per cent on real estate. 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quick: confidential: no com-
mission; lowest interest. Rm. 68. 1170 Market.
LOANS to salaried people; any proposition
considered. C. G. Taylor, Chronicle bldg.. r. 71.
A. M. Speck & Co., 602 Market, loan en estates,
city real estate, furniture, etc.. rents, etc.
BORROW from, the CUT RATE LOAN OF-
FICE. 23 Mason St., opp. Olympla Music Hall.
O-. furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; pri ate. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market St.
$50 to $50,000 : lowest rates : Ist and ■2d mortg.:
any proposition. - **r- Jen. 413 Mnotsrnm^rv st.
- MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— $2000 on first mortgage. Apply at
Call office. --...-; - '^
WANTED— To borrow $1,800 on Improved real
estate worth five times the amount; title per-
fect. Address A, box 1829. Call.
FINANCIAL.
MONEY to loan— estate, 2d mortg.. chat-
■ tel?, etc Harper & Kreiger, 312 Examiner Bg.
NOTES, discounted : loans n»cotiated. STL-
v< TV s>rn\my hr .t~r — »<: >t -, - --^.-v
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
NEW AND COMPLETE '
- Handsome home, modern ' In design and ar-
rangement, complete •in every detail; four
sleeping rooms: frontage 42x100: best location
in town i 3 minutes to local station; price, im-
provements at cost; lot at a present times
■ figure: your own terms of payment.
HERON & HOLCOMB. 1050 Broadway.
$12 TO $16— Five and six room flats In East Oak-
land; convenient :to ears; choice location-
modern. B. H. WELCH & CO., 1383 sth aye.
| THE best paying cigar "store 1: Oakland; sick-
.ness; must sell.- RAY, 908 Broadway, Oak-
land. .
— PAYING saloon; must sell; sickness: 5
living rooms. RAY. 90S Broadway. Oakland.
' OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
FURNISHED suites and rooms, with or with-
.: out board; lovely climate; fine view; con-
i. venient to electric cars: rates. very low. Ap-
' ply at 1379 Fifth aye.. East Oakland.
OAKLAND . FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELI^
HAAS" -\*iirt «t^ r >> 4in pi - ..^rv, «t. i.* V m
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$2230— NEW modern cottage; 5 rooms; at Chest-
nut-st. station. .
$2500— Cottage; ■ 6 rooms; large lot; north
side Santa Clara aye. ■
$2000—2 acres at Fruitvale, with 5-room cot-
tage. . ■
5 acres at Fruit vale for sale or exchange
for San Francisco property.
Bargains in -all parts of Alameda: houses
built on terms to suit; property exchanged,
sold or rented: office open Sundays.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
■ ■ - . ■ 1500 Park st., Alameda.
FOR — 60c on the dollar; one 5, one 6 and
one 7 room cottage: also for Investment, two
2-story cottages; pay net 10 per cent; best
! location. Apply to A. R. DENKE SR., Web-
ster-st. Station, narrow gauge.
MODERN cottage, 4 rooms: lot 25x125;
street work, etc., all complete; Orand-st. sta-
I tion.
$1700— Modern ' cottage. rooms; lot 26x125;
! good location: near station; easy terms.
j $1800— greatest bargain In Alameda; lot 5Cx150;
. house of ( rooms: choice part of Central aye.;
cash. -. ■:. :■-..' . .
$3500— Elegant corner, 44x150: new. modern
bouse of 8 rooms; terms $300 cash; balance $35
! per month; this Is a snap. - ■..--.
House? . to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park irt.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$1750— HOUSE of 5 rooms: large lot: street
work all done: electric cars pass the doors; a
bargain. Apply to JOS. J. MASON. Real
Estate. Berkeley. ■ . : ' .
_ PROPOSALS. v - -
SEALED proposals will be received at the of-
fice of the Lighthouse Inspector. Pan : "ran-
clsco, Cal.. until 12 o'clock. m., March 1, 1599 I
and then opened,. for furnishing and deliver- I
ing fuel for • vessels and stations in the I
Twelfth Lighthouse District for the fiscal
. year ending June 30, 1900, In accordance with I
r specifications, copies of which, ■ with blank !
proposals and other Information, may be had I
■ upon application to U. SEBREE. Commander i
U. S. N. . ■ ■:■-■ ■.-■: .-•■'-• •'
SEALED proposals will be received at the Of-
fice of the Lighthouse Inspector, San Fran-
cisco, Cal., until 12 o'clock m., March 1. 1599,
and then opened, for. furnishing and deliver-
ing provisions for vessels and stations In the I
Twelfth Lighthouse District for the fiscal i
year ending June 30, 1900, in accordance with
specifications, conies of which, with blank :
proposals and other Information, may be had i
upon application to U. SEBREE, Commander I
r, s N. ■■,-.■ ...
MABB.IAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses were issued yesterday as ;
follows: '■
John Casey and Bridget T. Cox 33-23 I
I Marty A. Callinan and Rebecca B. Rowen.. 27-22 j
Eugene F. Howard and Susie Secard.. 89-27 I
Herman Waldeck and Mary Koeberer ...30-24
Coleman Curran and Margaret T. Ridge.... 3o-23 i
Christian C. Bensen and Edith L. Fumess. 22-21 !
E. A. Lorenzo and ' Matilda Ondovllla 29-22
BIRTHS-HARMBES-DEAM
Birth, marriage and death notices ' sent by I
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed ■
in at either of the, publication offices and be j
indorsed with the name and residence of per- I
sons authorized to have the tame published.
BORN.
SELLING— this city. February 3 1899, to the j
wife of* Samuel E. Selling, a daughter. .
■■■■" MARRIED. . ; ~
LEVY— In this city, February 1. 1899,
' Edward Ellis and, Mrs.' R. Levy.
CROGHAN— In this city, January i
; 25, ttSi, •;- by the Rev. Father D. Nugent, j
Matthew C. Johnson and Rose Croghan, both :
of ; San Francisco. .■■ - i
■■v ; ■"■•;■:■."• >: '■■;"■■. died. ..•■■■
Angell, J. T. . Lundquist, Hilma A. '
••Bradley, Bernard • Metzendorf. Mrs. A. j
• Blstrup, . Hans W. Murphey. Michael .
. ./Barrett. . Edward ■■ : Musladine, Katie r. ■'• -^
Butler, Mrs. M. . McLaughlln, Julia
Brooks. 1 Catharine S. • Moraghan. Julia A.
.' Cady. Lorenzo v . Magnusen. Edward
Colson; ■ Edward F. O'Connor, Mary '
Cassinelli, Isabel Penniman. Helen 3.
• Dougherty, .Thos. H. .'; Ring. Annie B. -
■ Dwyer,' Ellen M. '■ ■ ' Reynolds," Bessie D, '
..Fossaie., Edmund .-.; Sohne. Jonas ■ ■."■
Fee, Nellie M. Vaughn. Mary "
Harris, Isaac ' Vest. Samuel
• Jones, Hattle Wallace, Edna C.
Kiernan. Thomas , Wilson, James F.
ANGELL— In Silver City. Nev., February S.
1599, J. T. Angell. beloved husband of Mrs.
. L. E. Angell, a native of Providence, R. 1..
aged 75 years. t . ■
i BRADLEY— In this city. February 3, ISS9, Ber-
: nard, beloved husband of i Margaret Bradley,
i a native of Ireland, aged 46 years.
• BARRETT— In' this city, February 2, 1899. Kd-
ward, dearly beloved husband of the late
Elizabeth Barrett, and father of Mrs. John
Duffy, a native of the parish of ' Mallow.
I County Cork. Ireland, aged 63 years. (Bos-
ton. Mass., papers please copy.)
. (TTFrienfis and acquaintances are respect-
j fully invited to attend the funeral this day
-. (Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 609>4 Minna -street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, • where 'a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery..
j BISTRUP— In this city. February 1. IBS, ■ Hans
Wine, beloved husband of Mary Bistrup, a
native of -Norway, aged «l- years 8 months
and 21 days. A member of Golden Gate Lodge
No. 3, Knights of Pythias, and Vereln Em
I tracht. •
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 407 Sutter street, between Stockton and
, Powell, thence to Elntracht Hall, on Twelfth
I street, near ' Folsom, where the funeral ser-
! vices will be held at 2 o'clock, under the ;
I auspices of Verein' Eintracht. Interment
i Laurel Hill Cemetery.
! BUTLER— In this city. February 2. 1539. at
her residence, 256S Folsom street. Mrs. Mar-
L garet Butler, beloved wife, of the late James
• Butler, and aunt of Thomas Lappin and Mrs.
Edward McQuade. a native of Granemore,
I County Armagh. Ireland, aged 70 years.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. • 25€S Folsom • street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, -where a requiem high mass
j will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9":30 o'clock. Interment Mount
I Calvary Cemetery.
i BROOKS— In this city. February 2, 1839, Cath-
arine S.. beloved daughter of Joseph F. and
Catharine Brooks, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year 5 ■ months and 26 days. (Massa-
chusetts papers please copy.)
IC7"Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, at th«
residence of Mrs. E. L. Brook's. 950 Poplar
street, Oakland. Interment private.
CADY— In this city. February 2. 1599. Lorenzo
Cady. a native of Lowell, Mass., aged 70
years. . . . .: J
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1Q:3O o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. ■
COLSON— In Oakland, at Fabiola Hospital.
Edward F.. beloved husband of Carrie M.
Colson. and father of Edna. Genevieve and
-Rhoda Colson, a native of Oakland, aged 38
years 3 months and 2 days.
ET'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from 3109 Encinal ave-
nue, .Alameda*
CASSINELLI— In this city. February 3, IK*.
Isabel. -dearly beloved daughter of Stephen
and Frances Cassinelli, and sister of Tresa.
Rosie. Stephen. Albert an.l Willie Casinelll
and Robert Cannon, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 17 years 1 month and 26 days.
DOUGHERTY-^ln this city. February 2. 1599.
Thomas H., beloved husband of Annie Dough-
erty, and father of Frank and Charles Dough-
erty and the late Mrs.. Captain T. Farrell. a
native of . County Donegal. Ireland, aged 63
years. . •
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral • this day
' (Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his son's
residence. 6 Clyde street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of hie soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment "Holy Cross
Cemetery. . \ ; '
DWYER— In this city. February 3. 1899. EUen
Marie, only and dearly beloved daughter of
George A. and Mary Frances Dwyer (nee
Corbett). and sister of George and Robert
Dwyer. a native of San Francisco, aged ■ 8
months and 24 days. '. '■
• 1C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday) from the residence of her parents,
448 Tenth street. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. . - . . • .'• •
FOSGATE— In this city. February 3. 1599 Ed-
mund Fosgate, a native of New York State,
aged 74 years.
FEE— In this city. February 2. 1599. Nellie May, '
youngest daughter of Alfred W. and Louise
M Fee, a native of Hlnedale, 111., aged 5
years 3 months and 11 days.
IC?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully, Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of her grandmother. Mrs. M. F. Fee. 22
Beaver street, thence "by 11:30 c' clock train
. via Valencia and Twenty-fifth streets. In- -
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HARRIS— In London. England. Isaac Harris
.beloved father of Mrs. Isaac D. Martin, aged
81 years.
! JONES— In this city. February 3, IS??. Hattie,
• I beloved daughter of George and Lizzie Jones
. a native of San Francisco, aged 4 years ana
. 11 months. il :
1 ! KIERNAN— In this "city, February 3. 1?99.
, I Thomas, beloved husband of the late Mar-
garet Kiernan. and father of James. Charles,
May. Annie and Agnes Kiernan and Mrs. J.
W. - Fleming, and stepfather of Joseph and
Paul Fredricks, a native of Jackson. Mich.
LUNDQUIST— In Alameda, Cal.. January 30.
1899. Hilma Amalia, beloved daughter of Al-
fred and" Agnes Lundqulst, and sister of Carl.
1 Ivar. *Ufhl!d and Karin Lundquist, aged 3
years 5 months and 16 days. ■ .
METZENDORF— In Napa, Cal., February 2,
ISS9 Mrs. Anna Metxendorf,- -wife of the late
Herman Metzendorf. and mother of Mrs. A.
Johnson of ' Mount Eden and Fred, Herman.
Dave and Lizzie Metzendorf. and. sister .of
F. C. Hansen. Mrs. J. F. Hoops and Mrs.
H. Steffens. a native of CappSrn. Holstein,
Germany, aged 60 years 9 months and .28
dayc.
EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Theodor Dierks. 857 Mission street. Inter-
ment Odd. Fellows' Cemetery-
MURPHEY— In Marysville, Cal.. February' 1,
■ 18?9. . Michael, beloved husband of Nora
Murphey. and brother-in-law of Mrs. John
Coots, Mrs. Timothy Lynch and Lizzie, Pat-
rick and James McCarthy, a native of Ire-
land aged 34 years.
ETFriends and ' acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of James McManus. Seventh and
Castro streets, Oakland., thence to the Church
' of Immaculate Conception, where services will
be held, commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment
St Mary's Cemetery. Oakland. > •
MI'SLADINE— In this city, February 3. 1899,
Katie, beloved wife of Louis Musladine, and
mother ef Peter. John and Lewis Musladine,
a native of Ireland, aged IS years.
lETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully fnvited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1309 Castro street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MCLAUGHLIN— In this city, February 3, 1899, •
Julia beloved wife of Patrick MeLaughlin.
and dearly beloved mother of Martin. Maggie
and Katie McLaughlin and Mrs. Mary Sie-
fert. a native of County Galway, Ireland,
- aged 53 years. ...
MORAGHAN— In this city. February 2. 1899.
Julia A., beloved wire of the late M. B.
• Moraghan, and mother of John, James. Ela>e.
Charles, Eugenia. Francis, Milton and Eugene
Moraghan. a native of New Orleans. La. .
Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend « the funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at
10 15 o'clock, from her late residence, 431
Thirteenth street. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by train from Twenty-fifth and •
y- Valencia' streets at 11:40 o'clock. - •
MA.GNUSEN— In this city. February 3, ISSS.
Edward MagnuEen, a native of Sweden, aged
I S3 years.
I O'CONNOR— In this city. February 3. 1899.
Mary beloved wife of John O'Connor, and
. beloved mother of John F., Mary. Agnes.
1 Philip Nellie and Richard O'Connor and Mrs.-
I Louis T. Oisen, a native of New York. N. V.,
eged E2 years.
" ETThe funeral will take place this day
(3aturday). at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 108 Collingwood street. Interment pri-
vate, Calvary Cemetery. . • ;
PENNIMAN— In San Jose, Cal.." February 3,
1599 Helen Susan, beloved wife* of A. C. Pen-
-1 nim'an and mother of George A., Luther E.
and Edward R. , Pennimao and Mrs. Nellie
Newby, a native of Ohio, aged 60 years <
i months and 9 days. . ■■ .
RING— In this city, February 2, 1899. Annie 8..
beloved daughter of Mary and the late John
B Ring, and sister of Edward, May, Lottie,
Willie and the late John Si Ring, a native of
San Francisco, aged 14 years i months and
13 days. " : •
i Friends and acquaintances, are respect-
] fully invited to attend the . funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from th« residence
of her mother. 54 Prosper street, thence to
i Mission Dolores Church for services. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. , •
REYNOLDS— this I city, February 3, 1899,
t entered into rest. Bessie Da vies, dearly be-
loved daughter of Thomas H. and Flora
Buckbee Reynolds, a native of San Fran-'
cisco, aged 7. years 7 months and 9 days. •■ ■ ,
(rTThe funeral services will be . held this .
day (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from 41S Capp-
street. Interment private. Please omit flow- -
I ' ers. ' . F ' - . i. ,- . . . * .
SOHNE— In this city. February 3, 1599. Johan.
: beloved husband of Sophie Sohne, and father.
I 'of Margaretta and Johanna Sohne... - '
VAUGHN— In "the City and County Hospital.
j " ' February 3, 189*. Mary Vaughn, a native of
; New York, aged 26 years. ■ ■■■■■■■
VEST— In this city, February 3. UM, Samuel
Vest, a native of Austria, aged 70 years.
WALLACE— In this city. February 1. 1899.
Edna C. dearly ; beloved ■ daughter. -of -John
and the late Flora Wallace, and sister of Neil "
and Flora Wallace, a native of San Francisco
aged 2 years 9 months and 14 days. " i
C7The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at I o'clock, from the residence
! of her aunt. Mrs." W. Reiterman. 7 Hickory
; avenue, off Van Ness, between Oak and Fell ■
: streets. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
] WILSON— In this city, February 2. 1899. James
i Fred, beloved son of James . and . Elizabeth
Wilson, and brother of • John. Joseph. Ada
: ward and Walter Wilson, and nephew if
Thomas -Kennealy. a native of San Fran-
clsco.'aged 21 years 10 months and I day.-.
HENRY; J. GALLAGHER CO., '
. (Successors, to Flanagan & Gallagher). ■
fUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAL
$0 Titth «t.. opß««ite Uncola ilhnL
Telcohon* South m. - - ■ " - r -.
1112
CHRIS REIS JR.
SHOOTS DOWN
WM. S. PARDY
The Result of a Slap
in the Face.
WERE THE BEST OF FRIENDS
WOUNDED MAN HAD TAUNTED
HIS ASSAILANT.
Cold-Blooded and Premeditated Act
of a Supersensitive Man — His
Victim May Recover — Par
dy's Statement.
CHRISTIAN REIS JR., the promi
nent rluli man and son of the ex-
City Treasurer, shot and seriously
wounded William S. Pardy, assist
ant secretary of the Pacific States
Savings Lnan and Building Com
pany, in the office of that concern, 410
Pine street, yesterday afternoon, at 1:30
o'clock. The bullet entered Pardy's left
Hide, between the heart and the lungs,
■was deflected by a rib and settled in the
right side of -the back.
After the shooting Pardy conversed
■with his assailant, saying, ""Well, that
was a nice thing for you to do," but as
he became faint from loss of blood he sat
down in a chair and was carried into the
hoard of directors' room, in the rear of
the office, and placed on a table. He ex
pressed a desire to see Dr. Stinson, who
was immediately sent for. In the mean
time Drs. Gross and Grossman appeared
upon the scene and proceeded to make
the young man easy.
It was difficult to get any particulars in
regard to the matter, the attaches of the
company, either from excitement or other
causes, being extremely reticent. From
J. A. Remmel, who was a witness to the
shooting, it was learned that Pardy and
Reis were quietly conversing, the former
being inside of the partition at an open
window near the front door and the lat
ter standing just outside of the window.
"I was talking to young Pardy's father
about some land valuations," said Rem
mel, " when suddnely I heard a report,
which did not seem to me any louder than
a toy torpedo. I turned and heard young
Pardy say, 'That's a great thing for you
to do. Reis then came over toward me
with the smoking pistol in his hand and
said, 'He slapped me in the mouth and I
shot him.' "
This was corroborated by both Reis and
Pardy, whose stories about the occur
rence agree in the main. The shooting
appears to have been the act of a super
sensitve man, who had taken exceptions
to some flippant remarks of his friend,
who meant no particular harm by them.
Immediately after the shooting Pardy
made a statement, in which he said: "I
met Chris on Kearny street, in front of
the San Francisco Jewelry Company, a
couple of days ago, and we both admired
a diamond ring in the window. Coming
down the street toward the office, Chris
said he had just bought a new mackin
tosh, and he thought It was too large. I
eaid: 'Why, what's the matter with
you? That style is all right. You ought
to be wearing thicker soled shoes than
you do, too, in thia kind of weather, you
fool.' "
"We parted seemingly good friends, and
this afternoon he came in the office and
eairl: 'Pardy, I don't like the remarks you
have been making about me. You want
to stop calling me a fool.' I replied,
'I never made that statement to anybody '
and then Reis said, 'Well, I came down
to fix you, you „• At that re
mark 1 slapped him in the face, and he
shot me."
Reis after the shooting was taken into
custody by Lieutenant Esola and brought
to the California-street station. No charge
was placed against him until the result
of the wounds can be ascertained. When
Feen he repeated the story which Pardy
had told.
"I shot him because he struck me," Re4s
Paid. "He had been joshing me about my
mackintosh and shoes and called me a
fool. Some of my friends heard the re
marks, and it humiliated me greatly. I
didn't like it, and I went down to Pardy's
office to remonstrate with him. I felt in
sulted, and told him so. He told me if
I didn't like it to go and do the other
thing. I told him that maybe I would,
and then he slapped me in the face.
Smarting with the blow, I shot him."
When asked what kind of a pistol he
had used, Reis replied, "A Smith & Wes
son 32-caliber, which I bought this morn
ing at Price's." When asked for what
purpose he had purchased the pistol, he
said that he goes over to Berkeley once
In a while, and he thought he would like
to do some shooting at squirrels.
He evidently told a different story to a
friend, who afterward said that Reis was
going up to some mines in Trinity County
and bought the weapon for protection.
Reis is 33 years old, and had known
Pardy for five years. They were appar
ently always on the best of terms.
When Pardy was made comfortable on
the table in the back office he sent for hia
wife and child. It was decided by the at
tending physicians that it was inadvisable
to move him to his residence, and prepa
rations were made to keep him at the
office. The doctors express hopes for hl3
recovery, since no vital parts were
touched. He is about 26 years of age and
his Intimate friends say he was an ex
emplary young man. His father, William
Pardy, is secretary of the Savings Com
pany and highly thought of In the busi
ness community.
Reis' father has been treasurer of this
city and county for several terms, and the
sad part of it all is that the two gray
haired parents are warm personal friends
and feel keenly the position in which the
act of young Reis has placed them. From
all accounts, it was a cold-blooded affair,
and from the admission made by Reis
in regard to the pistol, premeditated.
Later in the evening Pardv called his
father to his side and said: "Father
Chris" father and you are the best oi
friends, and I want you to do one thing
for me if I should die. Don't prosecute
Chris for his deed, as I am sure he did
not know what he was doing." The father
replied that he could not promise to do
that, and his son replied, "Well, I sup
pose you know best." The wounded
man appeared to be glad that he had left
his wife and child provided for by a Me
Insurance policy of $2000.
Dr. Stinson said that his patient was
resting easily and unless something un
foreseen occurs he will recover. He
ascribes his favorable opinion to the fact
that Pardy has. not expectorated any
blood, has been conscious all along and
suffers very little pain. The extravasa-
Mon of blood has displaced the heart a
httle. He considers it a miracle that the
ihot Inflicted by Reis did not have a fatal
result, for the bullet passed within the
smallest fraction of an Inch from the
heart. Pardy has been removed from the
table in the back office to a cot, and is
surrounded by his immediate relatives,
who are anxiously watching the condition
of the wounded man. He may not re
moved to his home for three days, for
then the reaction will set in and the crit
ical point will be reached.
Pardy last night made the following
statement of the shooting:
On Wednesday morning about 12
o'clock I met Christian Reis Jr., and said,
'Good morning, Chris, and he said, 'Good
morning, good morning. Will.' I asked
him where he was going, and he replied
that he was on his way to Roos Brothers'
to get a mackintosh that he was having
altered. While we were conversing I no
ticed that he was without rubbers, and
advised him to get a pair. He replied
that rubbers made his feet sore. 1 said,
'All right, Chris, be a fool. The first
thing you know you will be laid up with
a cold.'
"We then separated. Reis returned to
the office of Dr. Pardy shortly after lunch.
I saw him enter, and, walking over to
him, said. 'Hello, Chris.' He said, 'Will,
I have a favor to ask of you.' I said,
'What is it, Chris?'
" 'This morning,' he replied, 'when we
walked down together, you said some
thing to me that I don't think you should
have said.' I replied that I would not
hurt his feelings and did not intend to
make ihe remark. He said:
" 'It don't look right, because there were
other people who heard it.' I answered
that if he objected to being called a
fool I would not apply it to him again.
He then left me.
•'This (Friday) morning he again re
turned and I saluted him. He seemed to
be in good spirits, and I asked him why
he did not sell his diamond ring to some
sport. He replied that he would like to
sell it.
"I asked him what he would take for it,
and he replied that he would sell the ring
for the amount he paid for it, I said,
•Well, Chris, if you let me take it I will
try to sell it for you." He replied that he
would pay me a small commission if I
found a buyer for the ring. I said, 'All
ripht,' and he left.
"He came back in the afternoon and as
hr> walked up to the counter I said,
"Hollo, whero are you going?' He replied
that he called to Bee mo. He twen said
that he was still worried over me calling
R.EIS SHOOTING F^I^iTST;
him a fool. I said: 'Well, now let
that drop; there -s no harm in it, Chris.
You called me a fool many times
when you worked in the office.' 'Well,'
he said, 'I heard about it.' I said, 'Has
anybody been throwing it up to you?' and
he said 'No.' 'Well,' I said, 'if they have
you bring them in here and I will fix it all
right, and I will tell them that I did not
mean anything by it.'
" 'Well,' he says, 'you're a — .' I
paid, 'What's that. Chris? Don't call me
that, because I am liable to smash you
in the face.'
" 'Well,' he said, 'You , I will fix
you.' With that I hauled off and slapped
his face and knocked his specs off. He
took both hands and put them down to
his side pocket and kind of held his coat
and put his hand in. I di 3 not think ne
had a gun, and when I saw it I put up
my hand and said. 'Chris, think; don't
you shoot me.' He then leveled tne
weapon at me and fired."
After making the statement Pardy re
fused to sign it, as he did not want Reia
prosecuted. The statement" was made in
the presence of Policemen Walsh and But
terworth and Lieutenant Esola.
Town Talk.
This week's issue oi the favorite weekly
contains a remarkably strong editorial
upon the Senatorial situation in Sacra
mento. In it is sketched the character of
U. S. Grant Jr. so cleverly that every
body can see the exact limit of his
chances to win the toga. The Saunterer
also talks a little politics, but more soci
ety and club gossip. Fine half-tones ap
pear throughout the number. Grapho
logical delineations, verses and stories,
with dramatic and musical critiques,
make up a readable number. •
LOST HIS BIGHT LEG.
Charles Lundquist, a Schoolboy, Bun
Over by a butter Street Cable Car.
Charles Lundquist, a bright little boy
between 7 and 8 years of agp, had his
right leg so terribly crushed by the
wheels of a Sutter-street cable-car yes
terday afternoon that it had to be am
putated at the thigh at the Receiving
Hospital by Drs. Weil and Hartley.
The boy's parents live at 1416 Lyon
street, his father being a tailor. He at
tended the Emerson Primary School, on
Pine street, near Devisadpro. and was on
his way home from school yesterday
afternoon when the accident occurred.
He was running across Sutter street at
Devisadero, thinking lie could cross the
track before a car could reafch him but
he was not quick enough and the car
struck him. He fell and his right leg
was thrown across the rail. Before the
gripman could stop the car the wheels
passed over the boy's leg. The patrol
wagon was summoned from the O'Far
rell street "='i f 'on and the boy was taken
to the Receiving Hospital.
The boy's mother was notified, and she
hurried to the hospital. The doctors told
her there was no chance of saving the
leg and it was with her consent that it
was amputated. She was almost frantic
wltb grief.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1899.
TEACHERS DOWN
THEIR OPPONENT,
THE MERCHANT
Draw First Blood From
Oscar Moses.
SUSTAINED BY THE COURT
■
WILL NOT GET NOVEMBER AND
DECEMBER SAT.ABXKS.
Moneys Paid in the Last Fiscal Year
Will Be Deducted, Which Makes
Them Both Winner and
Loser.
San Francisco's army of teachers has
won its first point in the battle against
the merchants; likewise the army of
merchants has lost a point it fought
so hard to win and will have to amend
its complaint before its petition for an
injunction can be finally adjudicated.
Yesterday morning Superior Judge
Seawell overruled the demurrer Inter
posed on behalf of the merchants in the
suit instituted by Elisha Brooks to pre
vent the payment of demands other
than those of the teachers. Although
this is a victory for the teachers, the
peculiar law governing the case at bar
will result in a loss to them, as sala
ries amounting to $123,500, owing for the
fiscal year 1897-98, which were paid out
of the revenue of 1898-99, must be de
ducted from the moneys on hand before
the teachers can receive their salaries
for the months of November and De
cember. The payment of salaries due
for one year from the revenues of the
next is, in Judge Seawell's opinion, il
legal, and the teachers are thereby
losers to that extent
Judge Seawell has made plain in his
opinion three points, heretofore unde
cided, which will in future govern sim
ilar conditions that may arise. First,
the court holds that so far as the bills
of creditors of the board, other than the
teachers, are concerned, the one
twelfth act applies and governs the
Board of Education. Second, that the
salaries of teachers are yearly salaries,
fixed by the Board of Education, and
they are therefore entitled to receive
such salaries during periods when the
schools are closed. Third, that the sal
aries of teachers accruing during one
fiscal year may not be paid out of the
revenues of the next.
The conditions from which the suit
emanated are fully set forth in the
opinion handed down with the order
overruling the merchants' demurrer to
the teachers' action. The opinion in
full is as follows:
This action is brought to restrain the
Superintendent of Schools of this city
and county from approving, the Auditor
from auditing and the Treasurer from
paying the demands of certain of the
defendants against the Board of Educa
tion.
I do not deem It necessary to rehearse
in detail all the allegations of the com
plaint. It appears that the plaintiff is a
taxpayer in said city and county and is
also a teacher in the Girls' High School;
that the defendants other than Wells,
Webster and Truman have presented to
the Auditor for approval and audit de
mands against the school fund of said
city and county of San Francisco amount
ing in the aggregate to $80,000, which have
been finally approved by the Board of
Education; and that ' all said demands
were contracted for and incurred subse
quently to the 31st day of August. 1898,
and at times when the Board of Educa
tion had already contracted for and in
curred demands payable out of the school
fund, during the months in which they
accrued, aggregating more than $102,670
for each of said months. It is further
alleged that the sum of $1,232,040 is the
entire amount of the income and revenue
provided for said Board of Education for
the fiscal year 1898-99.
The question presented by the demurrer
is whether the act of February 25, 1878
(Statutes 1877-1878, p. Ill) applies to the
Board of Education for the city and coun
ty of San Francisco.
Sections one and two of said act are as
follows:
"Section 1. It shall not be lawful here
after for the Board of Supervisors of the
City and County of San Francisco or any
committee, officer or board having power
to authorize or contract liabilities against
the Treasury of said city and county to
authorize, allow, contract for, pay or ren
der payable in the present or future, in
any one month, any demand or demands
against said Treasury, or any of the funds
thereof, which shall, in the aggregate, ex
ceed one-twelfth part of the amount al
lowed by laws existing at the time of such
contract, authorization, allowance, pay
ment or liability, to be expended within
the fiscal year of which said month is a
part. If. at the beginning of any month
any money remains unexpended in any of
the funds set apart for maintaining the
municipal government of the city and
county of San Francisco, and which
might lawfully have been expended the
preceding month, such unexpended sum
or sums may be carried forward and ex
pended by order ot the Board of Super
visors, in any succeeding month.
"Sec. 2. All contracts, authorizations,
allowances, payments and liabilities to
pay, made or attempted to be made in
violation of section one of this act shall
be absolutely void, and shall never be the
foundation or basis of a claim against the
Treasury of said city and county. And all
officers of said city and county are
charged with notice of the condition of
the Treasury of said city and county and
the extent of the claims against the
same."
On Marclf 18, 1878, the Legislature pass
ed an act supplementary to and amenda
tory of the above-mentioned act, section 2
of which provides as follows:
"The provisions of said act" (i. c.. the
one-twelfth act) "from and after the first
day of June. 1878, shall extend to and in
clude all departments of the municipal
government of said city and county, ex
cept the new City Hall and Golden Gate
Park Commissioners, as to all moneys ex
pended or obligations created or con
tracted for purposes, or against funds
that by law are authorized to carry on
such departments as running "annual ex
penditures, and the officers, directors,
commissioners or others having the power
to make such contracts or disbursements
shall be liable to all the duties, obliga
tions and penalties as to all such funds
and contracts and disbursements resting
upon the Supervisors and others named
in said act, to which this is supplemen
tary."
(Statutes 1877-IS7B, p. 333.)
That by the latter act the provisions of
the one-twelfth act were made applicable
to the Board of Eduction seems to be too
clear to require discussion. The Board of
Education is certainly a department of
the municipal government, and the school
fund one of the funds of its treasury.
Consolidation act. sections 71, 76 and 95.
Worley's consolidation act, pp. 17, 18, 21,
28 and 175.
The express exception of the new City
Hall Commissioners and Golden Gate Park
Commissioners alone from the operation
of the act emphasizes the proposition that
all other departments, Including the
Board of Education, are subject to its
operation; and as School Directors are
the only officers to whom the term 'Di
rectors" is applicable, they should be con
sidered as having been expressly declared
to be liable to all the duties, obligations
and penalties prescribed by. the act.
It is contended on the part of defend
ants that even if originally applicable to
the Board of Education, the act in ques
tion has been repealed. It is conceded
that there has been no repeal in express
terms, but it is claimed that the act has
been repealed by implication, by certain
provisions of the Political Code, which
are said tcr be inconsistent therewith.
Such a repeal could be accomplished
only by sections of the Political Code or
amendments thereto which are enacted
after March 18, 1878. The Political Code'
took effect on January 1, 1873. The sup-
piemen t to the one-twelfth act was pass
ed March 18. 1878. At that time the Legis
lature had power to pass special laws In
reference to the municipal corporations
and such laws remained In force after
the adoption of the new constitution, un
less Inconsistent therewith or specially
abrogated. No provision of that instru
ment Inconsistent with or repugnant to
the one-twelfth act has been called to my
attention.
Repeals by implication are not favored.
The rule in such cases is that the earlier
statute remains In force, -unless the two
are manifestly inconsistent with and re
pugnant to each other. The reason of the
rule is that the Legislature, If it had in
tended, by the later statute to repeal the
earlier, would have expressly so declared
Crosby vs. Patch. 18Cal. 441, et seq.
Section 19 of the Political Code pro
vides: "Nothing in the four codes affects
any of the provisions of the following
statutes, but such statutes are recognized
as continuing In force, notwithstanding
the provisions of the codes, except so far
as they have been repealed or affected by
subsequent laws: • ♦ •
"2. All acts consolidating cities and
counties and acts amending or supple
menting such acts."
Section 1616 o* the same code reads:
"Boards of Education are elected in cities
under the provisions of special statutes,
and their powers and duties are as pre
scribed in such statutes, except as other
wise in this chapter provided."
It Is objected that because the rate of
taxation Is not fixed by the Board of Su
pervisors until the third Monday in Sep
tember it is Impossible for the Board of
Education, before that time, to determine
what the amount of the school fund for
the year will be, and it is therefore un
reasonable to apply the one-twelfth act
to that board. The same objection could
be made to applying the act to the Board
of Supervisors, or to any other depart
ment of the municipality. At the time
when that act was passed the rate of tax
ation was not fixed until the first Monday
in October.
Political Code, original section 3714.
The requirement of Political Code, sec
tion 1621, that schools must be maintained
at least eight months in the year is not
in conflict with a statute limiting the
monthly expenditures to one-twelfth of
the entire school fund for the year.
The one-twelfth act was passed after
the amendment of 1874 to section 1623 of
the Political Code, and is, therefore, not
controlled by any of its provisions, even if
they should be considered Inconsistent
with that act.
The continuance in force of the one
twelfth act in nowise interferes with the
uniform operation of all general laws in
reference to the public schools.
Tne proposition urged by defendants'
counsel that upon the adoption of the
present constitution the Board of Edu
cation ceased to be a department of the
municipal government is, in my opinion,
untenable. It is true that it is an in
strumentality or agency of the State, but
such it has ever been since its creation.
The municipal government of the city
and county of San Francisco and all de
partments thereof are instrumentalities
of the State for conducting the affairs
of government within a particular dis
trict. 1 Dillon Mun. Corporations (third
cation), sections 54. 66: Williams vs. Eg
fleston, 170 U. S., 304; Sinton vs. Ashbury,
1 Cal., 525. The demurrer to complaint
will therefore be overruled.
J. M. SEA WELL, Judge.
In the action instituted by the mer
chants, that of Oscar Moses against the
Board of Education et al, Judge Sea
well handed down no opinion, simply
sustaining the demurrer of the defend
ants on the ground that the Board of
Education was an improper defendant.
"The action should have been brought
against the Auditor to prevent the
auditing of the demands of the teach
ers," said Judge Seawell. "In this ac
tion the merchants seek to restrain the
payment of teachers' claims before
their own are paid. The Board of
j Education under such circumstances Is
not a proper party defendant and there
fore the demurrer is sustained, with ten
days in which to amend the complaint."
The court then ruled upon two points
of great importance in the various suits
now before the court. "Regarding the
allegation in the complaint," he said,
"that the teachers were paid $123,500 in
salaries, owing for the fiscal year 1897
--98, from the revenue of the fiscal year
1898-99, I am of opinion that this pay
ment was illegally made. The law
directing that the demands of one year
shall not be paid from the revenue of
the next, in my opinion, applies to the
demands of teachers, as well as the de
mands of other creditors. I will, un
der these circumstances, make an or
der that before the salaries for the
months of November and December,
1898, are paid that there shall be de
ducted the sum before mentioned that
was illegally paid them. As this order
does not apply equally to every teacher
in the department I shall require coun
sel for the plaintiffs to so amend their
complaint that it will contain each
teacher's name with the amount set
forth that he or she will be affected by
the holding of the court."
On the point raised that teachers are
only entitled to payment for the months
which they were actually employed In
teaching, the court held that such con
tention was erroneous. "The teachers'
salaries are not fixed by law, but by
the Board of Education," said Judge
Seawell. "Teachers are appointed to
hold office during good, behavior and
competency; their salaries are yearly
salaries, payable monthly, therefore
they are entitled to salary each month
of the year."
For the instruction of counsel repre
senting: the merchants during their la
bors of amending the complaint the
court caused to be written the following
three rules, which the court will adhere
to during the hearing of the case in the
future.
1. Teachers in the public schools of San
Francisco are entitled to receive their
monthly salaries during vacations in the
schools.
2. The salaries of said teachers can be
paid only out of the school fund for the
fiscal year in which they were earned.
The doctrine of Lewis vs. Widber, 99 Cal
413, does not apply to Buch salaries, as
they are not fixed by statute.
3. If, as alleged in the complaint, some
of said teachers have received, out of the
school fund for the fiscal year 1898-99, pay
ment for salaries earned in the fiscal year
1897-98, It is the duty of the Auditor, under
section 62 of the consolidation act, not to
allow a subsequent demand of such
teachers for salaries without first de
ducting the amounts so illegally paid.
Such is the legal status of the case.
The teachers have won a point, so have
they lost a point. They have beaten
the merchants on demurrer, but the
facts set forth In opposition to their
various contentions have apprised the
court that they have illegally drawn a
small fortune from the treasury. This
will be repaid the city from the moneys
now due them.
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHIBKT Is
recommendr . by physicians for family and
medicinal use because It Is pure.
The Moore Investigation.
Immigration Commissioner Hart North
and Assistant United States Attorney
Banning appeared before Special Agents
Smith and Linck yesterday and testified
In relation to the charges of immorality
preferred against I Special Agent Moore.
Their testimony was mostly of a hearsay
nature. Mrs. Thayer, the landlady of
Mrs. Plckens, testified as to what Mrs.
Pickens had told her about the major
and his penchant for love-making 1 during
office hours. The investigation will be
resumed on Monday.
WEEPS BESIDE
MIGNON`S BIER
MIGNON, Mrs. Charles L. P.
Marais' little Mexican hound,
is no more and her mistress
Is inconsolable. Doggy passed
away Thursday morning at half
past 8 o'clock after an illness ex
tending over four months. To the
last the tender mistress was at the
bedside of the patient sufferer, and •
the last look of the sorrowful eyes
and the final lick of the fevered
tongue was for the self-sacrificing
devoted woman who had nursed the
petted ki-yi through the fatal ill
ness.
All day yesterday Mignon lay in
state in the back parlor of the Ma
rais residence, 2312 Mission street.
The remains, shrouded in a soft gray
dog blanket, reposed on a crimson
velvet cushion. Round the slen
der neck, stiff and cold in death,
was tied a true-lovers' knot of broad
white satin ribbon. Violets and mai
denhair almost hid from view all
that was left of Mignon, and fluffy
golden chrysanthemums — the last
sad tokens of doggy's little friends —
were beautifully arranged about.
At 4 o'clock Mrs. Marais sadly
placed the remains in a metal-lined
casket and the interment took place
fn the front garden. Mignon was laid
to rest under a "Breath of Heaven"
bush that had been planted by Mrs.
Marias' mother.
Mrs. Marais' devotion to her late
pet is a touching tale of woman's
love and sacrifice. "For four months
I have constantly nursed poor
Mignon," the broken-hearted lady
said. "When my friends asked me
to go out I refused, saying, 'Mignon
needs my care." I had her in a crib
at my bedside, and got up regularly
ADVEBTISEMENTS^^^^ >v^__
bVqbVbVh b b b bVbiTb b b b b b b b a b b b B ■ ■ b ■ a
■■■■ •'■ -'■■-.-■■ - -■■■' ' ; .. ■ ;; ": ; ''■''-■:■'• ':■ : •"■,: a
■ we ' promise you —
■ something entirely new »,
■ in San Francisco dry goods life on Monday. • B
■ (see Sunday's advts.):
■ to-day, Saturday, we jj
5 mention just three a
5 attractions : |
£ black veiling, 25c yard: «
Z hosiery for boys • j
Z misses, ladies; B
I gloves :
■ they are all good, some better m
■ than others, the price is just JJ
Z what you ought to pay for G
■ that particular quality : □
• . • • ■ v b
• >':_.>■ - • '■;•' ■ I B
" new black veiling, 2 width, in plain and dotted, sin^M ! ■
' and double— lhread, with chenille dot, fancy and plain ■
I? meshes, also dotted Brussels net ...... 25c yard ■
q. 3 width black veiling, plain and fancy net, with self ■
D dot... 50c yard ■
_ 200 dozen misses' and boys' black cotton hose, made of ' ■
m ■ ■ fine maco cotton: misses' are narrow ribbed, boys' cor- ■
m duroy ribbed and heavy: double knees, heels and toes, ■
m fast black and seamless, sizes sto 9£. . . 12 2C pail* *
g 100 dozen misses* fine combed maco cotton hose ■
■ 7 25c pair Jj-
B 100 dozen ladies' black cotton hose, extra heavy. ..... a
if .. 16 2 3 c pair H
■ > 100 dozen ladies' black cotton hose, Hermsdorf dye
■ ...;.......,........... 25c pair ?
■ ■ ladies 2-clasp pique walking glove, in red, brown, navy,
■ heliotrope, tan, green, black and white, sizes 5J to 1\
■ $1.OO" pair *j
■ / the world-famous Hte. Jouvin 3-clasp glove, 5| to 1\ Q
■ ..:. : •. ..:.. $1.50 pair B
■ San Francisco's greatest dry=goods house, -
■ 937. 939. 94*. 943. 945. 947 Market street. ?
. (and still we're cramped for room). ■
■ ■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■ ■■■■■■■■■Him'
© ♦ #>^ <?> <S> <?► O
♦ '• ■ ■ ■ : X.'s ■■-■V : . :; <s>
<S> I held art I autopsy, this day, <^
<S> February 3, on the remains of '<&
<$> "Mlgnon," Mexican hound,
<J> and found that death was due <$>
<*> to : lucocythemia, aggravated <s>
by a tumor of the spleen, one •*
<§> of the pathognomonic symp- ♦
<S> toms of the disease, thus ver- <$►
<$> ifying my diagnosis of. the <£
.<& case. <&
<$> EDWARD J. CREELEY, /; V:
<$> X"■ Veterinary Surgeon. 3>
<$> " ; .'-'V"-:--..VvS:.; - ■ ':■ •♦
O ♦:♦ ♦4><^♦ ♦<^ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦.♦ O
every hour to give her her medi
cine.
"She was taken ill last October.
I thought it was a bilious attack.
Dr. Creeley was called in and gave
my pet the best of attention. At
first, I imagine, Mlgnon was a vic
tim of 'enlargement of the heart.' I
had an autopsy held to-day, and the
post mortem examination has dis
closed that it was a tumor on the
liver."
Mrs. Marais Is completely pros
trated by the passing away of
Mlgnon. Since the event she has
been unable to sleep, and it is only
by dint of coaxing tfiat she takes
any nourishment. The lady is a
lover of all dumb animals, and a fea
ture of her Mission home is a hos
pital for stray cats and sick chick-
ens.
In the neighborhood of the Maraia
residence much sympathy is ex
pressed for the mourner. The poet
of the warm belt has come to the
front, and, inspired by the touching
circumstances, has indited the fol
lowing verses to Mignon's memory:
DOG-EREL.
That little dog.
That lovely dog.
We ne'er will see him more.
He's gone afar
To the dog star
Where goodest doggies are.
No more, no more
The bad boys .
Who infest the neighborhood
Will decorate
My doggie's tail
With cans and sticks or wood.
No more, no more
We'll hear his bark
No more he'll play out in the park
To distant clime he s sailed.
My heart is lone,
And oft t moan
My joy has been cur-talled.
Burgle Buried as a T'auper.
The body of Anthony Burgle, the Coun
ty Jail prisoner who burned himself to
death last Wednesday in his cell, was
buried yesterday in the Potters' Field, at
the expense of the city. When Burgle
was brought to the City Receiving Hospi
tal, after he had been shot by Sigmunr!
Braverman, he had a bank account of
S4OO. Then he employed two attorneys to
defend him on the murder charge and the
money went for their fees. So there was
nothing left with which to bury him
Discuss the Ragan Lease.
The Finance Committee of the Super
visors decided to postpone action on the
lease of the Stanyan-street Police Station
for another week. The opinion submitted
by City and County Attorney Lane, while
It declared the lease valid, did not settle
the question as to what fixtures Dr.
Ragan should pay for and for what the
city Is responsible. Supervisor Collins
promised to inspect the premises before
the next meeting and report.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CLOSES I
FEB. 4. 1
'•! ANNUAL* j
CLEARANCE
SALE
AT
GUMP'S
ART STORE.
dSSxJ I/o- J
Discount on every |
article. !j
. 113 Geary Street |
Leading
Opticians,
14-16 Kearny Street.
COUGHS /A
Bronchitis, Hoarseness, WhaßlSy 1
Sore Throat 0
» Effectively Relieved. y^HS^ 1
■ " : John I. Brown & Son. Boston. H
q viit DR. JORDAN'S *«•*
jfla Museum of Anatomy
l^^i 106IKA8ZMBT.bet6ft*7ti, B.T.W.
Si » ■ The Largest of lv kind in tie 'World.
ISHA DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
LU*"*! L. Conmlt»tioa free. Write for B , #olt I
■W .-■ I of Marriage.
o U mmmi Fwrc.
y^OBAfKsrROTjG&CO^f^
(l patents! a!
XSS/330 MARKET ST. Sf.S < Si^'
-■.' -,-r. — '■:,.. ...■.?-,.-.■. ■ - ■ . ■:■