VOLUME LXXXV-NO. 116.
McKINL EY THE CHOICE
OF THE REPUBLICANS
ASHINGTON, March
25. — During the clos
ing days of the
Fifty-fifth Congress
a canvass was made
of the Republican
side of the House of
Representatives for
the purpose of ascer
taining the opinion of the members as
to who will he the Republican nominee
for President in 1900.
One hundred and fifty-three members
v.-ere interviewed and they represent
between 75 and 80 per cent of the at
tendance at the exciting finish of a
" notable Congress.
Every man -was asked: "Who, in
your judgment, will be the choice for
President of the Republican National
Convention which will assemble in the
Bummer of next year?
reason for that
m."
This is a summary of the canvass:
One hundred and twenty-seven mem
bers express? i th» belief or conviction
that President 11 Kinley will be re
nominated: one member believes Ad
miral George Dewe'y will be the choice
of the convention: one v. ember said
that it wag hi? opinion that Governor
Hazen P. Flnjrree of Michigan will be
nominated: only four members refused
to discuss the subject.
Every State whose Congressional del
egation contained -a Republican — with
the exception of Texas, which has one
Republican member out of thirteen—
is represented.
Those interviewed represent these
States: Alabama. California, Connecti
cut. Illinois', Indiana. lowa, Kansas,
Kentucky. Mai tie. Maryland, Missouri.
Massachusetts. Michigan. Minnesota,
Nebraska; New Hampshire. New Jer
sey, Now York, North Carolina. North
Dakota, Ohio. Oregon, Pennsylvania,
Rhode Island, Tennessee, Vermont,
Virginia, West Virginia and Wiscon
sin/
It was my purpose to obtain the
views of a majority of the Republi
cans in every delegation, and with a
few exceptions this was accomplished.
Thus, it is plainly evident there is
practical unanimity of judgment that
McKinley will be renominated.
An analysis of the vote at the St.
Louis convention of 1596 shows that the
vote given to Quay, Morton and Alli
son was merely complimentary, coming
chiefly as it- did from their respective
Ftates. McKinley's leading competitor
for the nomination was Thomas B.
Reed of Maine, though he was far from
formidable, as the figures indicate.
Heed's strength, of course, came from
New England. Local pride as much a.=?
anything else dictated the action of th«? i
d^i^sates from that section.
\ The name of Mr. Reed, in the best i
judgment even of pome of the most :
representative men of the famous gal
axy of States In the Northeast, will not
be considered by the convention in 1900.
"Without a single exception the New :
England members of > the Fifty-fifth
Congress whom I was able to talk to on
the subject failed to mention the name
of the great Speaker as a Presidential
possibility next year. Their opinion Is
unanimous that McKinley will be the
nominee. New England at the close of
the last session had twenty-five Re
publican Representatives. Of this num
ber seventeen answered the queries
propounded.
One member who said McKinley will
be the man requested that his name be
omitted from the list, because he did
not wish to disturb the pleasant rela
tions he had with Speaker Reed.
EXPANSION
SENTIMENT
IS COOLING
Senator Mason Says Business
Men Have Had Enough of
the Policy.
BpedaJ Dispatch to The Call.
Call Headquarter?, Wellington Hotel,
Washington, March 25.
Senator Mapon of Illinois said to-day:
"'I find a pronounced change of senti
ment among 'men with whom I talk.
Substantial business men, who three
months ago were red hot for expansion,
now say they have had enough of it.
I ask them how about the prestige of
their country, and they say they care
littif- about prestige derived from con
quering men with arrows in th.-ir
hands, but that the taxes resulting
ar- what they fear."
"The Idea of calling these Filipinos
'rebe s,' as some of our newspapers per
giPt in doing, is unjust. They have
never taken the oath of allegiance to
the United Stttes. They wanted inde
pendence from the start and have said
so. They will always hate us and noth
ing is to be gained by conquering them.
Even if we do overcome them, they
will turn around and poison our peo
ple.
■'I have Just learned from the sur
ppor. general's office that 21 per cent of
tnen there are afflicted with dis-
This i.= a bad beginning for our
army." ____________
WILLIAM" WANTS TO
GET THE GLAD HAND
Special Cable to The Call and the Hew York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
BERLIN, March 25.— The Kaiser, it is
generally announced, will go to Cowes.
but -here is no official confirmation of
this. The truth is that the Kaiser would
not proceed to England unless ho were
sure of receiving more than a civil wel
come. • .
It may he noted how often the papers
here suggest the proposed visit, a3 if to
give the English press an opportunity of
replyir.fr. They wonder why the British
press has not taken more notice than it
has of the hand extended.
The San Francisco Call.
TO GRACE THE PEOPLE'S PLAYGROUND BY THE SEA.
Cfaus Sprecßefs" Gift to the Pubfic cf San Francisco: A Sixty Thousand Doffar Structure That
Is Destined to Arise as the Shrine of Music in Golden Gate Park.
THE music stand tor the Park, for which plans are now
"complete and upon which work is noon to begin, will
be a more magnificent structure of the kind than
there is now in existence. Something of Its artistic
beauty may be gathered from the illustration above, and yet
the combination of the artistic and the useful can hardly be
realized. The stand will be on the west of the rectangular
promenade marking the site of the Midwinter Fair, and since
the demolition of the temporary buildings wrought into a
* . .»» .-.•-.».--.•- -v» . -.•-,-.• ..-.• <~.« .-,» .^•;r»»:<*v •:<*,•:<*► •:<*>•;<-.* ras
BUCHANAN
IS PERSONA
NON GRATA
American Minister to Ar-
gentina Not Successful
as an Arbitrator.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Kerala Copyrighted 1.. J. by James Gor
don Benm it.
, BUENOS AYRES, March 25.—Wil
liam I. Buchanan. United States Minis
ter, has Informed the Argentina. Gov
ernment concerning his award on the
Punta de Atacama question and giving
the territory in dispute to the Chilean
republic. Public opinion generally is
little satisfied.
La Prer.Ka says the ced»d property is
lof little arf-a, and that Argentina
never discussed its material value, but
stood for the unity of her frontier and
the Integrity of her territory. "She
never a< ted as a merchant," it con
tinues, "but as a nation. Although
Chile will not get all she wanted, that
which sh» obtained is pure profit. The
award is a now triumph of her tra
ditional policy, which consists in claim
ing much with the object of getting
something."
La Nacion says that the award can
not satisfy the legitimate aspirations
of Argentina- "Mr. Buchanan," it
adds, "evidently obeyed political and |
not purely legal reasons, nevertheless
Argentina respects the award, consid
ering the matter as definitely closed."
El Diario believes that the territory
awarded to Argentina is not what she
hoped to obtain, but is what logically
could be expected in view of the ob
ject pursued by this form of settle
ment.
El Tiempo says that apparently Mr.
Buchanan did r.ot study the matter
with the seriousness which it required.
The same paper blames the Argentine
Minister of Foreign Affairs, and fin
ishes by saying, "Argentina never ob
tained any gain by arbitration.' 1
El Nacional severely blames Mr. Bu
chanan, saying that the award was
contrary to the treaty of 1881, and that
the American Minister has gone be
yond hiß functions, giving to Chile ter
ritory situated on this side of the Cor
dilleras. "Mr. Buchanan," it says,
"sought to satisfy both panties and did
not prove to be an impartial Judge."
La Tribuna. President Roca's official
organ, does not comment on the award.
Kipling Gains Steadily.
NEW YORK. March 25.-~The condition
of Rudyard Kipling was more favorable
than yesterday. He continues to gain
steadily and continually shows improve
ment.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MARCH 26, 1899-THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
AN EPIDEMIC
OF MURDER
IN ENGLAND
Four Assassinations and One
Execution During
the Week.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. ISO 9, by James Gor
don Bennett.
LONDON, March Another et>l
demic of murder seems to have broken
out. Last week there were two mur
ders and two executions. This week
there has been one execution and four
murders, the startling feature about
which is that in no case have the police
so far found any clew to the perpetra
tor of the crimes.
Murder by post, which has been
creating a sensation in New York,
found an imitation here in pieces of
poisoned wedding cake being sent
through the post. Only one death re
sulted, which is fortunate, because an
examination showed that the cake con
tained a very acute poison. No one
seems to know where the cake came
from, which leads the police to sus
pect that the poison did not get int,o
the cake by misadventure, but that the
cake was made with the deliberate In
tent to cause death.
The verger of a church In Cambridge
avenue has been killed by poison and
his wife has disappeared, no one knows
where.
A woman has been found in Ratcliffe
in bed with her ribs broken and head
crushed, and at Newmarket a police
man found a gardener in a most shock
ing condition. It is supposed that he
had disturbed housebreakers, who
killed him to prevent them from being
hunted down.
In another case, out of a spirit of re
venge, some one tried to poison a whole
family with arsenic in pepper, and the
family became very ill and had a nar
row escape, but eventually recovered.
APPBOVED BY I/>NQ.
WASHINGTON, March 25 —Naval offi
cers are much interested in the proposi
tion for the organization of a naval re
serve in Hawaii. J. R. Castle of Hono
lulu formerly secretary of the Hawaiian
Legation at Washington, recently applied
to the Navy Department for information
as to the method of forming a naval re
serve In Hawaii, and Secretary Long has
directed full complience with his request.
An organization of the kind proposed in
Hawaii will prove a good adjunct to the
regular navy in future operations in the
Pacific, and the movement will therefore
receive cordial support from officials of
the navy.
THE TAGALLOS DRIVEN BACK,
BUT AMERICANS LOSE HEAVILY
landscape nf graceful nlopes an.' <: <u<lps — i» Sr^.ritahl* p*>»-k
within a park.
The music stand in the center of the r-iifire will he flanked
by peristyles, each STU feet in length. The central portion
will be circular, having a diameter of 45 feet, with an out
side frontage of 05 feet, thus making the entire length 210
The structure hat been designed not only to t please ;h ■
but as nn Ideal shelter for the musician, showing attention
to his material comfort as well as to the acoustic require
LEO'S EYES
AS BRIGHT
AS A BOY'S
Good News Conies From the
Vatican by Way of
London.
Copyrighted, 1899, by the Associated Press.
♦♦♦♦♦■ ♦♦♦♦♦+♦♦+♦♦♦
ROME, March r. Til >. Pop la
steadily gaining strength. He
eats wrell and his mentality Is as
bright as ever, He celebrated
mass this nn~.rr.insj without re
quiring aid of any kind, and he
will probably officiate at mass
it t St. Peter's on one of the first
Sundays after Easter.
Dr. Lapnoni and Professor
Mazzoni visited his Holiness to
day and expressed the greatest
satisfaction at his condition.
♦ ♦♦♦♦♦■♦♦♦♦+'♦♦'♦ ♦ ♦♦
LONDON. March 25. — represent
ative of the Associated Press has had
I an interview with Mgr. Brindle, the
new coadjutor of Cardinal Vaughan.
j who has just returned from Rome and
who had an audience with the Pope a
week ago. They conversed at length
on important topics, his Holiness dis
playing his usual acuteness and ani
mated and varied thought. Mgr. Brin-
I die says the Pontiff's eyes are like
; those of a boy in brightness, and that
he certainly is not suffering from any
mental deterioration.
The Pope sat down at mass as usual
and intends to take part in the cele
bration of April 11.
A playful evasion of his doctor's
wishes is the occasion of much amuse
ment to the household and adds to the
view of the Vatican and of Cardinal
Rampolla, the Papal Secretary of State,
and others surrounding that Leo XIII
will live ten years longer.
"When questioned on the subject of
the Pope's views on Americanism. Mgr.
Brindle said his Holiness looks upon
the domestic differences In the church
in America as a sign of immense nerv
ous vitality, but as being in no way
alarming. He regards the future of
the church in America with hope in its
unity and as being a tower of strength
In the councils of the universal church.
Son of A. W. Foster 111.
SAN RAFAEL. March 25.— The young
son of President A. W. Foster of the Cali
fornia Northwestern Railway became so
ill last evening as the result of an abscess
in the head that he had to be taken to San
Francisco on a special train at S o'clock
and placed in the Waldeck Sanitarium.
menta of his nrt. About '■ h--» mMc sheil will ' be waitii-c
--rooma and repositories for the instruments of the band. The
peristyles wil! be 14 feet in depth, ample as a protection
against rain, and supported by imposing columns. The ma
terials to he employed have nor been folly decided upon, but
they will be stone, roofed with tile, and marble or mosaic
flooring. The music stand has been designed by Reid Bros.
of this city, and is a gift from Mr. Claus Spreckels to the
public.
AMERICANS
IN DANGER
OF DEATH
Six Filibusters to Be Shot
by Central 'American
Authorities.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
N*i:\V FORK. March 25. — The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald
telegraphs: Besides Immediately dis
ting a gunboat to make an Inves
tigation, Secretary Hay has cabled to
the American Charge d'Affaires at
Guatemala City and the American
Consul ai Tegucigalpa, directing them
to make protests to the Guatemalan
and Honduran governments against
the execution of six Americans who
were arrested a few days ago and sen
tenced to be shot.
Th>- action of the administration was
taken upon the representations. of Sen
ator Cockrell of Missouri, who had re
ceived a telegram from former Gover
nor Stone setting forth the peril of the
men as told by their friends in Mis
souri, and of other advices In the pos
session of the State Department. Gov
ernor Stone's telegram to Senator
Cockrell simply stated that six men
had been arrested, one of them being
C. W: Guthrey, and had been sen
tenced to be shot.
When the Senator presented the dis
patch to Secretary Hay to-day he
urged that official to take all steps pos
sible to protect the Americans.
Secretary Hay at once wired the rep
resentatives of this Government in
Guatemala and Honduras, and then,
as it -tfas the desiFe of the American
Charge d'Affaires at Guatemala City
and at the recommendation of Senator
Cockrell, he requested the Navy De
partment to order the gunboat Machias
to make an investigation. Instructions
were at once sent by Secretary Long to
Commander L. C. Logan, commanding
the Machias, directing him to proceed
promptly to Livingstone, Guatemala,
and make strict investigation of all the
circumstances leading up to the ar-
rests.
There seems to be some doubt as to
the point where the men are impris
oned, but by the time the Maohias ar
rives at Livingstone the American Con
sular offices will have reported and the
Machias will be within a short run of
any port along the coast. Livingstone
lies on the Gulf of Amatique. not far
from the Honduran frontier, and a
short distance from Puerto Cortes,
where the Machias was temporarily
stationed some days ago while Com
mander Logan investigated the mur
der of an American named Frank
Pears.
THE IRISH
NATIONALISTS
TO CONFER
To Hold a Meeting in Dublin
on the Fourth of
April.
Pr»cial Dispatch to Thf> Call.
NEW YORK, March 25.— A special
cable to the World from Dublin says:
Trie most serious attempt to reunite
the [rtsh Nationalist members of Par
liament sinre the Parnell split will be
made in the City Hall here on April 4.
The conference, to which all the Na
tionalist members of Parliament of all
sections are invited, will assemble on
that day with the object of arriving at
a Stasis of unity and common action
for the future in and out of Parlia
ment. This conference is the result of
energetic measures taken by the Lim
erick corporation to ascertain the feel
ins of other public bodies throughout
Ireland having Nationalist majorities
I on the subject of reunion and cessation
i of internecine strife.
Dillon and a majority of those whoact
with him immediately accepted the in
vitation to the conference. Healy
| and several of his collagues also sig
nified their intention to be present, but
John Redmond has not yet replied.
Redmond may refuse to have anything
to do with the Dublin conference.
It is not certain, either, whether it
will be attended even by Healy and his
followers if Redmond remains away, as
he almost surely will.
Thus a malign fate seems to follow
every attempt to restore unity to the
Irish factions. The Irish party has no
real chairman at present, the election
having been deferred at Dillon's sug
gestion until after the Dublin confer
ence. If that conference fails the possi
bility of agreeing upon a chairman will
be more remote than ever.
Volcano and Earthquake.
Special Table in The Call and the Now York
Herald. Copyrighted. ISO 1 .), by James Go>--
don Bennett.
PANAMA, March 2.".— A dispatch fnvn
the Herald's correspondent in Salvadcr
says the volcano of Izaleo has been 'n
eruption for the last three week? and th.a
earthquakes have been frequent ia the
vicinity.
Will Talk to Convicts.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, March 25.—
General and Mrs. BallinK-ton Booth were
the guests of Warden Hale to-day and
will address the convicts to-morrow. Mrs.
Booth spoke briefly thi.s afternoon to the
members of the Prison League. These
visits of the eminent Salvationists are
thoroughly appreciated by the prisoners,
and in the past several converts have
been made through their efforts.
PRICE FIVE CE^TS.
Special Cable tn Tho rail anl the New York
H.rald Copyrighted, I 8», by James Gor
don Bennett.
ANILA, March
25. — At 6 o'clock
this morning an
advance was be-
gun all along the
lines from San
Juan del Monte to Caloocan. The
entire division under General
Mac Arthur was engaged in the
movement, the brigades being
commanded by Generals 11. G.
Otis. Hale, Hall and Wheaton.
The Nebraska and Colorado
volunteer regiments encountered
the first strong resistance. This
was at San Francisco del Monte
and in the surrounding trenches.
The cavalry outflanked the
enemy, who broke and ran, suf
fering severe loss, but the enemy
made a stubborn stand in the
woods north of La I -oma Church.
The Twentieth Kansas and the
Tenth Pennsylvania regiments,
with the Montana Volunteers on
the left, protected by the Utah
Battery, advanced over the open
rice fields. The enemy, strongly
entrenched in the woods, kept up
a steady tire until the Americans
were in close quarters. Then the
rebels fled through the woods un
der a raking fire.
It is reported that the bodies
of 125 dead rebels were found in
the trenches and many more in
the woods.
General Hale's brigade was
soon followed by General Harri
son G. Otis' brigade. General
Wheaton's brigade was held back
to wait until the line should
swing in from San Francisco del
Monte to Polo, and thus box up
a large number of insurgents.
The insurgents opened fire on
our right and the fire was grad
ually extended along their whole
line for two miles. Our advance
was over open ground for a mile
and a half. The Third Artillery
acting as infantry at the apex, on
which the line was to turn, got
the hardest fighting. It was in a
perfect hell during a mile and a
half and lost nine per cent of its
men. One mile beyond the open
the artillery reached Talighan
River. The ford was defended
by an insurgent blockhouse, and
Lieutenant Abernathy, of the
Third Artillery, and some of his
men swam the river and flanked
the block house. Lieutenant
England then crossed the ford
under the enemy's fire. The in
surgents fought hard. I counted
twelve dead about the block
house.
The Third Artillery crossed the
river an- hour and a half before
any of the other troops. Later
the KAnsas volunteers came up
on our left and crossed the river
under fire. They lost eight men
and found twenty-seven dead Fil
ipinos on the bank. The insur
gents stopped firing when our
doctors went forward to get the
Filipino wounded.
On the left, toward the sea,
Wheaton's brigade pounded its
way through three series of insur
gent trenches, and the Oregon
regiment lost at least forty men.
Hale's brigade is on the right
and swinging from the right to
morrow, it hopes to surround the
insurgents at Polo.
The insurgents fought well,
and our loss was the greatest in
the campaign in proportion to
the number of troops engaged.
STORY OF THE BATTLE
AS TOLD IN DETAIL
The Americans Are Fighting a Hid
den Foe Whom They Cannot
Lure Into the Open.
WASHINGTON, March 25.— The
War Department late to-night made
public the following dispatch from
General Otis:
MANILA, March 26.— Adjutant
General: The perfected northern
movement not yet completed. Otis'
and Hale's brigades, with mounted
troops of Fourth Cavalry, the turn
ing column, met with heavy resist
ance over difficult country and axe2
"JULIUS CÆSAR" OTIS
GROSSES THE RUBICON
The Last Seer) of fjguinaldo's
flrmy It Was, of Course, Van
ishing Into the Diminish)-
ing Distance.
LOS AXGELES, March 25.— The following cablegrams sent to
day from Manila by Brigadier General Harrison Gray Otis to the Los
Angeles Times, touching upon to-day's engagement, are self-explana
tory :
MANILA. March 25, 6:05 a. m.— To the Times. Los Angeles: My brigade
hat pierce I tny'a country after a. brilliant advancement and severe
engagement. The rel - <i back all along the line. The
battle is still in progress. Four brigades are engaged. The enemy is vainly
attempting to make a stand at Talighan River, four thousand strong.
OTIS, Brigadier General.
MANILA. March 25, 10:40 a. m.-To the Times, Los Angeles: Crossed the
Rubicon. OTIS.
camped to-night six miles east of
Polo and six miles north of the line
from which the advance was taken
up. Wheaton's brigade, at Caloocan,
drove the enemy one and a half miles
north across the river. Hall, en the
extreme right, encountered consider
able force and routed it. The fighting
was heavy near Caloocan. The move
ment continues in the morning. Our
casualties are about 160-^26 killed.
The enemy lost in killed alone 200.
OTIS.
MANILA. March 25.— Elaborate pre
parations were: made for the movement.
Under the cover of darkness General
Otis' ar.d General Hale's brigades left
•their trenches and advanced close up
on the enemy's line without being de
tected, General Wheaton's and General
rHall's brigades occupying the positions
vacated by the advancing tro<
• At 4 o'clock the American troops
.breakfasted and the Filipinos, noticing
the campfires, their buglers calkd to
-arms.
At daylight General Otis' and General
tHall'e brigades advanced from La
Loma Church straight through the
rebel lines, cutting the enemy's force in
Upon this occasion the. rebels
adopted the American method of hold
ing their lire until the attacking troops
were about 1000 yards distant. The
irebels also fired lower than usual. ' The
Americans nred volleys with terrific ef
'fcct and then ru«hed forward eh
and carrying everything before them.
Once through, Genera! Mac-Arthur's
division was swung around the line,
driving the rebels away on all sides.
General V in accord
ance with instructions, remained in the
trenche?. Before joining in the :
ment at noon General Wheaton's troops
developed a f n between
Malabor. and the river Talighan.
The brigades >" General
Harris - ana General Hale
;advanced . caliches and Polo,
Strongly entrenched towns, ttnd in the
tnearr • ral Hall's brigade swept
the country ciear to the water works
and the. foothills at Singalon, capturing
Francisco del Monte and Mara
' qu:;
, Late in the afternoon the Montana
. regiment and the Third Artillery had
crossed Talighan River, going in a
northwesterly direction toward Polo
' General Mac Arthur. with the re
mainder of General Otis' and General
. 'Hales brigades, are moving along-south
••of the river m a position to attack
either Novaliches or Polo, being within
£mlee"of Novaliches an-d five miles
from Polo. • .General Hall's brigade
moved to BaUK". protecting General
Jftale's rigttt and meeting with strong
B tioni The .Oregon, regiment and
ft the Utah Battery, under Lieu
nt Bibbs, held the extreme left.
- The entrenchments nearest to Mala
bon suffered the most severe attacks.
Including a crOss-fire from the insur
gents massed at Malabon.
The Montana regiment near Balinta
bao came upon a 'blockhouse disguised
as a jeper hospital, across the river,
iafter marching through the jungle, and
.four men were killed ■ and seventeen
wounded.
! General Mac Arthur's artillery was
hampered by the thickness of the jun
•gie. General McArthur's and General
.Hales staffs were frequently under a
galling fire, and upon one occasion all
•of the officers excepting the generals,
dismounted, being overcome by heat.
iThere were many prostrations -during
the day.
MANILA. March 2<>— 8:15 a. m.~
Twenty-six dead and 150 wounded in a
"hospital is the latest statement of the
American losses in the engagement
.with the Filipinos.
. To-day's fighting furnished a speci
men of the difficulties with which the
'American? have to contend. The Fili
pinos never, except at Malabon, per
mitted their opponents to get' within
•several hundred yards of them. They
would-fire a few volleys from their
cover and then Seattle back to another
.rover, repeating these tactics for .miles.
ttt&Wy of the trenches had gullies and
.connecting paths through ttie cane
and brush, enabling them to retreat un
seen.
The problem ;he Americans have to
face is to drive or lure the insurgents
to fight in force. The trenches seem
thinly manned, except in the vicinity of
-Malabon.
The Americans, fighting a hidden foe,
'suffered greater loss in proportion than
..did the enemy. The loss of the Fili
pinos had formerly been estimated
from the number of bodies found scat
• tered in the swamp and through the
.brush. A larger percentage of the en
emy's wounded died than of the Amer
icans, many of them perishing from
neglect, the Americans naturally at
tending their own men first.
• The wounded, after treatment in the
field hospitals, were brought to the hos
pital by train. Several trips were made
.from Caioocan to the city. The first
-load to start for the city was composed
.largely of bandaged soldiers, who
shouted "Give them hell, boys!"
• The gunboat Helena and t w o array
boats command Malabon, but *he au
thorities desire to avoid smashing the
town, where there is much valuable
•property belonging to foreigners and
.-where are located warehouses of most
of the Manila firms.
STEWART'S MIND IS
BEGINNING TO CHANGE
• WASHINGTON. March 25.— Senator
Ptewart of Nevada, after a visit to the
State Department to-day, said with a
•good deal of warmth that he was "con
vinced that property and personal
rights of the people in. the Philippines
are not being protected by the forces
of this country." He went on to say
'that he had been to the State Depart
,ment relative to the case of the Cortes
brothers, who came here to appeal for
a restoration of property to their fam
ily, this property having been confis
cated by Spaniards.
Stewart declared he did not like the
Information he received, as it indicated
that property confiscated by Spaniards
is not being "restored by the officials of
'this country. The Senator declined to
go into details.
■ "I have been in favor of retaining the
(Philippines," he said, "but my mind is
beginning to change."
WILL BREAK
THE POWER OF
INSURGENTS
Rapid Work of the Flying
Column Under General
Mac Arthur.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. March 25.— This was
a day of anxiety and excitement at the
War Department that carried a re
minder of the busiest days of the war
with Spain. Every officer was intently
l".,king *or every scrap of information
as to the progress being made by -Gen
eral Otis' gallant expeditionary forces.
It was noted that the movement was
being executed like clockwork. It was
necessarily one of great rapidity, yet ,
the officials noted with delight the per- ',
fection of the arrangements as revealed <
in the press dispatches, the rapid work
of the signal men, well up with the !
troops in the advance running their !
wires, the ambulance corps close up to
the fighting lines and the pressing for- ;
ward of supplies. i
Although the f>nii was not known
when the department closed, the great
est confidence was shown by the offi
cials in the complete success of the
American arms and there was nothing
but praise heard for the strategy ex
hibited by Otis and his generals. Mac-
Arthur especially came in for commen
dation, being the active leader of the
advancing column thrown first against
the insurgents' line. The opinion ex
pressed at the department, was that the
American troope would bivouac on the
field, or rather in the Jur.Ki". ana would
take up th>? forward movement imme
diately the sun rises to-morrow. There
was no question about stopping at this
point. The movement was intended to!
break the rebel power, and it would be
pushed to the utmost until the rebels
surrendered or fled beyond reach in the
mountains and jungles.
It is saicl at the department that Otis
has under his command in Manila and
vicinity about 27,000 soldiers; Aguin
aldo, according to Otis' last report, has
30.000 armed men. General Corbin es
timates that the American flying col
umn was about 10.000 men strong. The
insurgents, according to Otis, had about
men in Jine. But Aguinaldo-'s re
serve, 8000 strong, is not far distant
frr.m the scene of the firing line; in
deed, it is suspected that some r.f them,
including the leader himself, may have
been drawn into to-day's struggle, in
which case the odds would have been
heavily against the Americans. The
latter appear to be taking full advan
tage of the great assistance to be found
in the possession of the railroad, for
their movement to-day was generally
parallel to the road at all points.
There is a possibility of confusion
over the' names of Generals Hale and i
Hall. General Irving Hale was colonel
of the Colorado Infantry and has been
promoted to be brigadier general of
volunteers. General Robert H. Hall
was formerly colonel of the Fourth In
fantry and has been promoted to be
brigadier general of volunteers. Both
of these men were in the engagements
of to-day north of Manila.
An inquiry was made as to Why so
large a proportion of the volunteer
troops were thrown into the advance.
It was answered at the department
that these particular volunteers were
actually more veteranized than many
of the regulars. They have been in
service now nearly a year, and in that
time have seen more fighting than any
other branch of the army. They have
an advantage over the regulars who
have just arrived in their knowledge of
jungle fighting, acquired through their
long stay at Manila. Then it is feid
to be the part of prudence to maintain
a strong reserve of the most reliable
men in such a movement as that now
going on, and General Otis in his dis
patch of yesterday emphasized the ne
i cessity of maintaining the old battle
! lines surrounding the city.
NOT A BELIEVER
IN VACCINATION
A Los Aogeles School Patron
Creates ao Abundarjce
Of Trouble,
LOS ANGELES, March 25.— teachers have been suspended, a
pupil has been debarred from the privileges of the school and a patron of
the Institution makes some unpleasant charges against the Board of
Education. All this results from the refusal of a school patron to comply
with the vaccination law in regard to his son.
Walter Duzan was one of the children who, on February 13, was dis
missed from school because he had not been vaccinated.' The children
that afterward complied with the rule were readmitted to the school".
In the confusion incident to promotions Walter Duzan slipped in and
continued to attend for five weeks before the fact was discovered that
the boy. had no vaccination certificate. The matter was brought to the
notice -of the school superintendent, Professor T. ,L Phillips, the prin
cipal, and George Abrams, the teacher in whose room Duzan studied.
The boy was sent home, but twice each day he is sent to school by his
father. Each time he is led from the school grounds by the substitute
principal now in charge. " .-■
. . The father says he will continue this course until the board is forced
to arrest the boy. .Then he will fight. the law in the courts.
"My boy shall not be vaccinated and he Shall go to school, said
Duzan.
>tZG22BZ*GS*Q!%XSi £ BS£gSOS«e!SC@«#SO !.0%O?iO!iO% ONO'.O'.v*. 0 V>\o\
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 26. 1899.
AMERICAN
SHIPS TAKEN
BY FILIPINOS
Mutinous Seamen Said to
Have Seized Five
Vessels.
STORIES OF MURDER
Captain and Mate Slain and Other
Members of Crews Are
Missing.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, March 25.— The
steamer Tacoma, which, arrived here
this afternoon, brought news that a
robbery and murder were committed
under peculiar circumstances on the
steamer Kwonghoi, Captain MacKen
zie, which arrived in Manila on the 12th
ult. from Calbayog, in the island of
Samar.
The mate of the Kwonghoi was in
vited ashore to a native •'fiesta," from
which he returned late, at night. As he
climbed up the Jacob's ladder on the
ship's deck he saw three of the native
crew dodging down on their knees. be
hind a hatch. This led him to inspect
the deck and then he made the discov
ery that six of the Filipino crew car
ried by the steamer were breaking into
the vessel's treasure room, in which
was a large amount of money to be used
in the purchase of hemp. Upon being
discovered the natives attacked the
mate and beat him over the head with
clubs. While he was in an insensible
condition they threw him into a boat
I alongside. They then abstracted two
cases of $5000 each from the treasure
room and made for the shore in the
ship's boat. Since then nothing was
heard of the men. The body of the un
fortunate mate was found with the
throat cut and horribly mutilated near
a native village. .
Captain MacKenzie thinks the sailors
had plotted the robbery on previous
voyages with coconspirators on shore,
as the steamer frequently takes Jaxge
sums of money to the agencies, of its
owners along the coast.
The Manila Times of February 16 has
another story of Filipino treachery. It
says that a report has reached Manila
of the seizure by the insurgents of five
American steamers the Saturnus, San
Joaquirt, Don Jose, Gloria and San Pe
dro. The captain of the latter was
murdered. All were- seized primarily
by the Filipino members of their crews,
for all steamers freighting in those
waters carry a large number of Fili
pinos. In every case these mutinied,
ran '.he vessels in the nearest port
where .the insurgents were still in
power and turned the steamers over to
them.
The San Joaquin left Manila for Cov
ayan, Currimar and Aparri on Janu
ary 21, and was four days out of port
when the master was jumped on from
behind, trussed and made a prisoner
in . his own cabin. The vessel was
! beached and turned over to the rebels
and the captain, together with a Scotch
engineer, the only two white men on
the boat, were released. : They made
; their way to Manila after an arduous
trip in a small sloop given them by
the natives and reported the loss of
their ship. :■
The Saturnus left for San Fernando,
Cavayan, Currimar, Aparri and San
Domingo on February 1. She is re
ported to have been seized after a mu
tiny between the first two ports, but '
'he Saturnus left for San Fernando,
vayan, Currimar. Aparri and San
I'lfngo on February 1. She is " re
■'ed to have been seized after a mu
y between the first two ports, but
no "details were learned.
The Gloria also- left on February 1.
She was bound to Cavayan, Currimar
and Aparri. Beyond the report of her
seizure nothing could be learned of her.
The San Pedro was bound to Aparri
and the two usual way ports. She left
en February 1 and on the 10th her crew
mutinied. The captain put on a bold
front and with revolver in .hand en
deavored to drive the mutinous Fili
pir; is into the forecastle. Suddenly he
wa ■; felled by a blow from a big knife,
thrown by a Filipino at his back. As
he 'ell the natives rushed at him and
bert him to death with belaying pins.
A fciate and two engineers are missing.
.#■ll the steamships mentioned were
lor% overdue when the news of their
seizure reached Manila. Nothing can
be Seamed of the Gloria, news of their
ure reached Manila. Nothing can
earned of the Gloria, but vague re
points have arrived of her seizure.
SPANISH OFFICERS
PREDICT A FAILURE
MADRID. March 25.— Spanish officers
acquainted with the Philippine Islands
continue to predict the failure of Ma
jor General Otis' campaign, notwith
standing the American success. They
say that while the Americans will un
doubtedly win all the battles they will
los<- the "campaign itself, owing to the
aptitude of the "Tagallos to conduct a
war of surprises and ambuscades.
Malolos, the capital of the rebel gov
ernment, they add, will fall into- the
hands of the Americans, but the Span
iards Insist the war will rage as long
as the rebels desire it. •
The correspondent at Manila of the
Correspondencia alleges that within six
days from the reopening of hostilities
the Americans lost 1000 men and that
several companies of troops fell into the
hands of the insurgents.
ANGELS CAMP
STAGE ROBBERS
PLEAD GUILTY
Murphy's Confession Results
in the Capture of His
Confederate.
SAN ANDREAS, March 25.— The out
law who was perhaps fatally wounded
by a bullet from Express Messenger
Jackson's rifle while attempting to rob
the Angels and Spring Valley stage
near AltaviHe last evening, has been
identified as Robert Murphy, who had
been employed on a nearby ranch as a
woodchopper. He made a statement
naming as his confederate Henry
Westhall was arrested at his cabin on
ployed with him and shared his cabin.
Westfall was arrested at his cabin on
the Selkirk property, fie appeared be
fore Justice Cooley this morning and
pleaded guilty to the complaint. Mur
phy the wounded man, was at the res
idence of William Brurcer and in a too
serious condition to be removed. H:s
preliminary hearing was held at that
place and he" sullenly pleaded guilty.
Murphy was seen by The Call cor
respondent, and appeared to be in a
very dejected mood. He said he was
19 years of age and hailed from Michi
gan. The town he would not name, as
he did not wish his folks to know of
his escapade. The plan to rob the stage,
he said, was concocted at his cabin
last evening. Westhall, he said, did the
talking when the stage was stopped.
Murphy said his shotgun, a single
barreled one, was loaded with number 4
shot. Asked if he knew messengers
were on the stage, he sarcastically re
plied that he guessed he ought to know.
Murphy does not bear the best - of
reputations. Last summer he stole a
watch from a man, but returned it
when promised there would be no Dro
secution. In January the wagon of a
peddler named Martin was robbed
while standing near the Selkirk resi
dence. To-day the stolen articles, con
sisting of clothing and neckties, were
found in Murphy's trunk.
WeEthall is about the same age as
Murphy, and is evidently one easily
led. He admitted complicity in the at
tempted holdup. Evidently he had lis
tened to Murphy's glowing accounts of
th*-" fruits of a holdup and acted with
him while under his influence. He car
ried a 3S-cal!ber Colt's rifle, which he
had borrowed from Walter Bidwell
previously for the purpose, he said, of
killing a cow which had fallen into a
hole and could not get out. His father
was committed to an insane asylum
last year. He has a sister who lives at
Murphys. thi? county. Undoubtedly
Westhalls mind is not strong.
Murphy is in a serious condition, the
ball striking the small of the back on
the left side and coming out' in front of
the body. The ball dropped to the
floor in iveor pieces when his clothing
was removed.
Both, men were bound over to ap
pear before the Superior Court.
STOBY OF THE MESSENGEBS.
Gave the Pair of Bandits a Warm
Beception.
STOCKTON, March 25.— Messengers
n. E. McConnell and F. Jackson to-day
REVEALS THE PLAN
OF AN UPRISING
Communication to Agu\-
naldo Intercepted.
FDeclaJ Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, March 25.— An im
portant confidential official communi
cation to Aguinaldo from one of his
leaders is among the captured docu
ments from the Philippines which have
been forwarded to Acting Postmaster
General Heath. The document is
marked "most urgent," and addressed
to "Senor Don Fmilio Aguinaldo, Presi
dent of the Philippine republic, Ma
lolos."
It is signed by Bonafaoio Arevalo.
who appears to have been one of Aguin
aldo's trusted agents in Pasig. near
Manila. The handwriting of the letter
i 6 fairly pood, but the spelling: and
punctuation are so illiterate that the
most expert' Spanish translators have
not been able to make a verbatim
translation. The general purpose of
the letter, however, is clearly apparent
and confirms previous information that
a general uprising of Aguinaldo's ad
herents in and around Manila was in
contemplation some time about the end
of January or the beginning of Feb
ruary last. The writer says that he has
2000 men available who will rise at the
hour fixed for the "rupture." He has
cautioned them, he says, that on the
day determined on they must keep in
their houses until night, so as not to
attract the suspicions of the Ameri
cans.
'I am in Pasig." he says, "so as to
be ready at any moment to go to my
district of Sampaloc." He says he has
been warned by a friend who professed
to speak in the name of Major Bell (an
American officer, since reported
wounded) that he had better keep quiet
and stay at home, but that such advice
is repugnant to his feelings. He apolo
gizes for not having levied a prestamo
or forced loan on the citizens of Pasig
as ordered by Senor Sandico in the
name of Aguinaldo. saying that he
could not do so without drawing down
upon himself the attention of the
Americans, who were so numerous all
around him. He closes by an urgent
apßeal to Aguinaldo to send money to
meet the immediate necessity of his
forces.
The letter is dated January 28, and
was intended to have been sent by
courier to Aguinaldo when intercepted.
Suicide Because of Deafness.
PASADENA. March 25.— Frank Koch, a
barber, who had been in the employ of
!La Spada Brothers here for several
i weeks, committed suicide at 5 o'clock
i this morning by shooting himself in the
head-* The act ivas committed on a va
! cant lot not far from his boarding house.
j Death was instantaneous. Impending
' deafness is supposed to have been the
! cause. Koch was about 35 years of age.
! He came from Omaha two months ago.
Will Oust the Board.
LOS ANGELES, March 25.— The Pub
| lie Library muddle was rendered more
I complicated than ever to-day upon the
; announcement of Mayor Eaton that he
would oust the members of the board on
i Monday. Interesting developments are
I expected. The new board does not tak.e
1 office until April 1.
gave a detailed account of the attack
upon the Angels stage. They left
Stockton on Friday afternoon for An
♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦■♦■♦«♦■♦♦♦♦♦
t HEREDITARY MANIA.
♦ ♦
♦ ♦
♦ STOCKTON, March 25. — Dr. +
+ Young was asked to-day regard- ♦
•♦■ ing the commitment of West- +
+ hall's father. He said the man +
♦ had been in the asylum at inter- ■♦•
+ vals for - some years. He had ■♦•
+ what was termed a recurrent +
+ mania. It disappeared at times -f
+ and the patient became thor- +
+ oughly sane. He had no destruc- ♦
+ tive hallucination, but was sim- ♦
-f ply irritable to the point of aber- +
♦ ration. A sister of the robber +
4- was also of the same tempera- +
•♦- ment. 1 ♦
gels Camp. All went well until at 8:45
o'clock they reached a place with a
clump of brush, a half mile this side of
Altaville. In front of the Keystone
mine two men stepped out and told the
driver, Frank Washburn, to stop.
When he drew rein Messenger McCon.
Nell brought up his gun to fire, but
Jackson said:
"Don't fire, Mac; those men want to
get on the stage. This is the place
where Lee Hendricks and another man
usually get on and ride to Altaville."
Jackson was coon undeceived, for
Outlaw Murphy ordered the driver to
throw out the treasure box. Washburn
reached for the box, but delayed for a
moment, waiting for the messengers to
shoot. McConnell pulled the trigger,
but the cap snapped. The impatient
robber exclaimed:
"Why in h— l don't you throw the box
out?"
Then Jackson threw himself across
McConnell's knees. The curtains were
partly drawn on the stage and partly
obscured the messenger's view, so that
he could see only a portion of the rob
ber. He fired, but the bullet went
through the robber's hat. Murphy
started to run and Jackson fired again,
shooting him through the body. The
other outlaw was fifteen or twenty feet
behind the stage. He fired at Driver
Wash burn, but missed him. Washburn |
whipped up the team, and it ran about
seventy-five yards. He then stopped to
see if any one was hurt before proceed
ing to Altaville and Angels. There
were two passengers on the stage, one
a drummer, and both were badly
frightened-.
The messengers thought they had
missed the outlaw. They did not learn
till late at night that the wounded
bandit had crawled to a nearby house
and asked for assistance.
FREE SILVER NOT
THE GREAT ISSUE
Oliver Belmont Advises
Democrats.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 25.— The Herald
will print to-morrow a letter from
Oliver H. P. Belmont, in which he calls
on the Democrats to harmonize their
differences and, close the ranks for the
battle of 1900. He says:
Speaking for myself, I am a gold man,
hut I will unhesitatingly support free
' silver, 16 to 1, should it be made the plat
| form sentiment of the party in 1900. I
1 will give my full support to any candi
date whom the convention selects.
However, I do not regard the question
of finance a-s of primary importance at
any time. It will grow steadily less im-
I portant between now and next election.
I Some suggestion of the truth of this can
i be found by comparing last fall's elec
tions, State by State, with those of 18!*>.
It is not to be denied fhat general in
terest In finance as a question Is falling
away.
Then* is no such general strong silver
demand as there was three years ago.
I That, no doubt, is due. to a condition of
better general business and easier times.
I For myself. I say again, I do not fear sil-
I ver. We have had silver coinage before
'< and succeeded, just as we have had a sin
j gle gold standard now and succeeded. We
i will not meet wreck if we have silver any
I more than ruin is to overtake us under
the single gold standard.
The trusts form the giant evil, imminent
and threatening, in our affairs. There is
no time or room for details here. But
the monster combination of money, called
j the trusts, whose methods contemplate
the bribery of Congresses and Legisla
tures and even the control of courts, must
be destroyed. To this we should have an
income tax and an inheritance tax. We
: should have public ownership of all these
franchises which are now in the hands of
the great railroads, bridge and electrical
companies and all other combinations of
kindred sort. Above all. we should have
the initiative and referendum, and so put
within the actual power of the people at
the polls to propose or pass a law or, if
needs be. power to repeal a law in spite
of any action by venal or corrupt Con
gresses or Legislatures.
We shotild attack government by in
junction and the national bank system.
We should be for the election of Senators
and the United States Judges by tne
people. We should be for an increase in
the navy and against an increase in the
i army. We should be for economy and for
i the cutting down of expenses. We should
be against expansion and the seizing of
the Philippine Islands beyond such har
bors of islands as are necessary for naval
stations.
If we w^re to go in for all these mat
ters and add to them an attack on the
opposition for its rotten war record, for
its roguery of embalmed beef, for its
steals of contracts, there would be no
doubt of Democratic success.
Drought in New South Wales.
VANCOUVER, B. C. March 25.— Mail
advices from New South Wales say
that the drought that is now prevailing
in that colony is the worst ever expe
rienced. Settlers and stockmen are ap
pealing to the Government for aid. The
rainfall for the last five years has been
insufficient. In illustration of the ef
fect of the drought on the sheep indus
try, the colony lost during 1897 and 1&98
about 8,000,000 sheep. . The annual re
turn of stock shows that on January 1,
1899, New S.outh Wales owned only 41,
--000,000 sheep, a loss of 3,000.000 during
the year. In 1597 the decrease was i>,
--000,000 head.
COMMIT MURDER
AND DEFY LAW
Two Ohio Men Kill an
Attorney.
THEN FORTIFY THEIR HOME
SHOTS EXCHANGED WITH PUR
SUERS AND TWO SLAIN.
The Sheriff Has Called for Militia to
Aid in Arresting the Assassins
and to Prevent a
Lynching.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
♦ ♦
-f BOWLING GREEN, 0., March ♦
♦ 25.— The Bloomdale troops ar- ♦
+ rived at Hoytsville late to-night ♦
+ and surrounded the Zeltner +
•+• house. "^
♦ At 1:30 o'clock the militia open- .+
♦ Ed fire on the house and there +
+ was a continual fire on each side. +
■4- It is not yet known whether. any +
+ one has been killed. ♦
+ ♦
• -f -f -f -f «f -f + 4 + > + -f -f + + 4- -f +
BOWLING GREEN, 0.. March 25.—
O. E. Westenhaver of North Baltimore,
one of the best known attorneys in this
county, was murdered at Hoytsville
shortly after noon to-day. He was
trying a case against Paul and John
Zeltner for attorney fees, and when
court adjourned at noon the brothers
demanded certain papers, which he re
fused to surrender. John Zeltner fired
at the attorney, who ran out of doors,
the ball striking Westenhaver in the
right side. Four more shots were fired
at him. but they did not take effect.
At the corner of the building Paul
Zeltner met him and fired two shots at
the attorney, one striking: the leg and
the other going into his forehead. Death
resulted in a few minutes.
COLUMBUS, 0., March 25.— A special
to the State Journal from Hoyts Cor
ner says: After the murder the Zelt
ners fled to their home, pursued by a
crowd of several hundred men. The
Zeltners stood "boldly in their yard all
the t>arly part of the afternoon and de
fied arrest. There was a frequent ex
change of shots between the fugitives
and the crowd at long range, and a
man named Wittenmyer, :\h<> crossed
an open space, was shot through the
heart and instantly killed.
Sheriff Kings Burns and. a po?se of
depuiles were soon on the scene, but
the fusillade of 'shots kept up by the
Zeltners prevented any effort being
made to capture them.
Deputy Sheriff Roach, who took re
fuge behind a tree in the woods, was
made a special target and three bul
lets grazed the tree behind which he
stood. Later in the day the Zeltners
retired within the house and barri
caded it. A hundred shots were firod
into the house, but without effect. The
Sheriff then decided to call for the
Bloomdale Rifles, and in the meantime
a guard was stationed axound the
house. Mrs. Zeltner and her three chil
dren took refuge in the cellar.
This evening a neighbor of the Zelt
ners went into the house under a flag
of truce and tried to Induce them to
surrender, but they declined to do so
before morning, fearing the mob.
Every effort is being made to prevent a
lynching. This will be difficult, in view
of the temper of the people, who are
incensed not only by the killing of
Westenhaver. but by the death of Wit
tenmyer, who is a respected citizen. The
Sheriff will appeal to the Governor for
sufficient force to protect the Zeltners
whon they ar.'' in custody.
The Zeltnerrt seem to have prepared
for the trouble, as they had sold their
farm and bought a large quantity of
ammunition enly yesterday.
SPANISH GJRL KILLED
BY AN AMERICAN SHELL
VICTORIA, B. C, March 25.— A letter
to the China Daily Mail, copies of
which were received to-day by the
steamer Tacoma, describes the terrible
death of a young Spanish girl' named
Engracia Dies daring the boTibard
ment of Iloilo by the American war
ships. One of the shells from the bom
barding squadron struck the house
■where the unfortunate young woman
resided with her mother, and, penetrat
ing the walls, severed the girl's head
from her shoulders. The mother, with
a terrible shriek, threw herself upon the
headless body and was not found un
til some hours afterward, when some
American soldiers, who were looking
through the city they had just bom
barded, broke in upon the horrible
scene.
On the following day the American
soldiers buried the body with full mil
itary honors. The headless trunk was
placed in a beautiful casket made by
the soldiers and mounted on a gun car
riage. Covered with "Old Glory," the
remains of the innocent victim of the
bombardment were drawn In silence to
the graveyard just beyond the city
wall. Thus, the only Spaniard buried
with honors by the Americans during
the war was interred.
The girl was said to have been very
handsome. She was but IS years of
age. Her mother, in addition to this
Anticipating I
OUR USUAL RUSH
—FOR—
EASTER
GLOWS
We have .engaged
an extra force of
expert glove fitters.
800 MARKET ST.,
Corner Grant Avenue,
awful affliction, was robbed by insur
gents of all her m«^pyji.nd jewelry.
Food for Starving Chinese.
NEW YORK. March 25.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says:
for the sufferers in China from the ef
fect of the appalling Yellow
floods will probably be on the way
Secretary Hay received a dispatch to
day from the editor of the Chi
Herald announcing that he was
to load a Government transport a
Francisco with supplies for the starv
ing in China. He suggested that the
Government give him authority t
place food in a transport conveying
troops to the Philippines, which can
later take the supplies to China
retary Hay will bring the suggestion to
the attention of the War and Nay
partments. but it is doubtful if a
can be provided, as the \\ ar Depart
ment needs its transports to cony- y
additional troops and their supplies to
Manila. An offer of a traitiload of grain
and other food has b-en received from
Nebraska. ■
ADVERTISEMENTS.
44 A Cheerful Look
Makes a Dish a Feast. "
4 'Cheerful looks" depend
just as much upon physical
well-being as upon natural
disposition and temperament.
If the blood is disordered,
the brain is starved, and no
44 dish is a feast," for the
reason that the vitalizing
elements do not reach the
proper spot*
A step in the right direction is to
purify the body by the use of a natural
remedy. Hood's Sarsaparilla is Nature's
remedy. It acts upon the blood, and
whether the seat of the disorder is
brain, stomach, liver or kidneys, the
purifying process of this medicine is
equally sure and. successful. It never
disappoints.
Ulcers In Stomach — " 'Medical sci-
ence is exhausted.' said the doctors. \Ve
can do no more for those ulcers in your
stomach nor stop the hemorrhages. I
took Hood's ' Sarsaparilla and hi six
months was perfectly well. Several years
have passed and lam still well. MISS
LETTIE HUNTLEY, 26 Garfleld street,
N. Later fetters tell the same story.
N. B.— Later letters tell the same story.
Hip Disease— "l had running sores
for eight years on my hips. I was con-
fined to my bed at times and at others
used crutches. Hood's Sarsaparilla cured
mv hip and gave me permanent health.
OLLIE J. ARCHER, 139 Dudley street,
Dayton, Ohio.
Indigestion— "l now have a good appe-
tite, eat well, sleep well and my dyspepsia
and Indigestion have left me. The reason
is I took Hood s Sarsaparilla, which en-
tirely cured me. I am Bageragomaster on
the B. & O. Railroad." THOMAS COLES.
119 Carr St., Sandusky, Ohio.
Backache— =-"1 was miserable and
tired, had no appetite and felt sore all
over. My back ached so that when I
stooped I could hardly straighten up.
First bottle Hood's Sarsaparilla helped
and" three bottles made me strong and
well." J. J. EICHBANER, 928 Meldrum
Aye., Detroit. Mich.
Catarrh— "l suffered from childhood
with catarrh. Was entirely deaf in one
ear. Hood's Sarsaparilla cured me and
restored my hearing." MRS. W. STOKES,
Midland, Tex. . . . ..r
Hood's Pills cure liver ills: the non-Irritating
and only cathartic to take with Hood's Sar-
saparilla. .
FATHER'S
EYE GLASS
Should not be worn by mother or sister— ix
does harm — ask your oculist about it — and re-
member the new clip which doesn't slip or
pinch, tilt or waver, for 50 cents.
Oculists' prescriptions filled.
Factory on premises. Quick repairing.
Phone Main 10.
nDTICiANS/% Tn'&PHIC APPARATUS.
642 Market St. instrument*
Ask Your
Druggist BP<p^4MßA\J*3
for a generous Bji^9'/'^to l '|
' TRIAL SIZE. L'UIKVTft Cw«J
Ely's Cream Balm. |L-^j?§§
CATARRH. P\s^<^
Cream Balm is placed Into nostrils, spreads
over the membrane and is absorbed. Relief Is
Immediate and a cure follows. It is not drying
—does not produce sneezing. Large size, 50c;
at druggists or by mail: trial size, 10c. by mail.
ELY BROTHERS. 56 Warren St.. New York.
SEMI-ANNUAL EXAMINATION OF
TEACHERS.
THE REGULAR SEMI-ANNUAL. EXAM-
INATION of applicants for
TEACHfcRS' CERTIFICATES
(High. Grammar and Primary Grades and
. Special Certificates) will commence at the
Normal School building, Powell St., near Clay,
on Monday, March 27, 1839, at 1:30 o'clock
p. m.
•• In compliance with the State school law.
j each applicant must pay an examination ie«
of $2 In advance to Miss P. M. Nolan, sec-
retary of the Board of Examination. Office
central corridor, third floor. City Hall.
R. H. WEBSTER,
..•' ' > Superintendent Common Schools.
J. A. SIMPSON. Secretary. • '■ :
DR.MCMJLTY.
H>HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
i Special isteurM Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases o. Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20 y'n>' experience.
Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
to 3 daily; 6.30 to 8:*) ev'gs. Sundays, 10 to I". Consul-
• tation free and sacredly confidential. Cull.or address
1 P. ROSCOE HcXUI/TY. M.D.
2C Kearny St., San Francisco. Cal.
~r • ■ ' •■ ' ■- .• ... . ! .
PCfcieheater'* English Diamond Brand.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
HEN Original and Only Genuine, i A
£~it rtv^V •*"• »:»ijs rslUbtc uDicttsk ax
/n**VjW§Jl D.-agrial for CMcluttr $ f>i.«Ji.A D^i-JfxY
; M*<igf\saJlQmondSrand in Ked «I*l G-Ad mttml\lo\\jE?
" Jck ■?"- 501 "' •"■ leJ witb bine ribboo. Take \iy ■
1?7 ■<•>* S^jno other. Refuse dangerou* tuiif.'u- V
I / *'~ fg ft&n* and imitiUiom. At Droggim. or trad 4*
: |W 2g In stamps for particular!. tcitimotziJLls sod
\V* j9 '" Kellxf fur Ladies," in liter. \,t return
i ««\___ /T M»ll. 1 0.000 TMttmoninli. jr«^« Pajer.
_ CM'honterCaeinieiil t o.,M(idUo*i Etaamrife
i WU fey all Local Oruggiit*. FH IL S '»JL.. ?X
f^mU. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
P^gfi t£fc* Five hundred reward for any
BP™ **E case we cannot cure. This secret
m :■ a remedy stops all losses in 24
Kn£j! Wn I hours, cures Emissions, Impo-
mrl ■ RlTl tency, Varicocele, Gonorrhoea,
■M MM Gleet. Fits. Strictures. Lost
TOT'S- PW3 Manhood and ail wasting effects
""•■ T '-^- : -— ' of sell-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles. $5; guaranteed to
! cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL INSTI-
: TUTE SSS Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for
j pain at 1073H Market St.. S. F. All private dis-
i eases quickly cured. Send for ire* book.AFRICA DIVIDED BY
BRITAIN AND FRANCE
LONDON, March 25.— A red-letter
page in the history of Africa was
turned this week when Great
Britain and France came to an
agreement in parceling out the '
last portion of Africa still open to
"grabbers." The agreement reached !
disposes of hundreds of thousands of !
Bquare miles, leaving only four recog- j
nlzed independent states throughout ;
mtinent — Morocco, Abyssinia, Li- |
beria and the Orange Free State. The
settlement has given satisfaction in
Great Britain, where it* is generally
considered fair for both parties and as
having especial value in finally avert
ing, as far as diplomatics documents
can, future disputes. Moreover, an |
important feature of the agreement
providing equality in the commercial
treatment of the territory between
Lake Tchad and the Nile is that it does
not hamper Great Britain in the least,
as her free trade system would have
secured the commercial rights of
France, while the French concession of
equal rights improves the English po
sition. In the face of French colonial
protection this is a most valuable ad
vantage for Great Britain, which is
fully appreciated here.
The reception of the agreement by
Europe Is decidedly favorable. ' The
Russians do not seem to care, the Ger
mans apparently hope for compensa
tion elsewhere and are not sorry to see
France's hands full of colonial em
barrassments, while in France, except i
for colonial faddists and inveterate ;
Anglophones, the majority are dazzled j
by the empire secured to them, which j
they picture to themselves as a second i
India, and they also heave a sigh of !
relief at the fact that the matter has
finally been adjusted.
As the Spectator remarks: "Only
French Anglophones are discontented,
and they can only complain that the j
English have given away what they !
do not possess. This criticism is quite \
true, but Europe has been doing that |
in Africa for twenty years, and is go
ing to do the same in China. If j
Europe and America have not a grad- 1
ual suzerainty over the world all their j
proceedings are a huge Dacoitry; but
then they affirm, and. when necessary,
enforce their suzerainty."
The French Government is carrying j
the Mil to a ratification, and it is ex- j
pected that it will be voted on by the I
Chamber of Deputies on Monday. M. j
Del Casse. the French Minister of
Foreign Affairs, counts on a good ma- ;
jority.
One good result of the agreement is j
seen in the announcement published in ;
the Echo de Paris to-day of the sus- j
pension of a military defense for the
the defense of Corsica. Algeria and
Tunis, and the return of the troops re- j
cently sent to Algeria and Tunis and I
the coast towns of France, owing to
the tension of the Anglo-French rela
tions.
Soudanese experts predict that the j
French will find they have a hornet's j
nest in the region around Lake Tchad, ■
where era] potentates hold sway.
The leading ruler is Raheh, formerly
a slave in Upper Egypt, who went
westward and carved an empire for
himself with his sword. He is now \
styled the "African Napoleon," has an '
army of 40,000 men, and rules the ter
ritory southwest of Lake Tchad He J
is at* loggerheads with the neighboring
Sultan of Wadai, whose country is In- |
eluded in the French sphere, and who
has nearly 3.000,000 followers among,
the Senoussi. and whose - troops are j
said to be led by Europeans. France's
policy is to foster the mutual hatreds
between Raheh and Wadai, but, if this
leads to an attempt to subdue either of :
them, she will have a tremendous j
struggle before her. and especially in
the case of Wadai, as thousands of j
Senoussi live in Tunis and Algeria, and
would probably take common- cause
with their coreligionists in Wadai, in- I
volving a conflagration in France's j
North African possessions.
Slatin Pasha. In an interview, is
quoted as saying: "France's conquest
of her new protectorate will be very !
difficult and will entail many* sacri
fices." ___
FOUND DEAD IN BED.
Newspaper Man Comes to an Un
timely End at Seattle.
SEATTLE, March 25. R. J. Colver
of Los Angeles, formerly the cor
respondent of The Call in that city and
later connected with The Call's bu
reau at Sacramento during the opening
ADVERTISEMENTS. j
i
*"- ><^
[ OTHER DOCTOES
i Claim to use the same or similar remedies, methods and appliances as those em-
\ ployed by Dr. Meyers & Co. in their successful practice, but the claim is untrue.
The best evidence of the truth of this statement is th« well-establhshed fact that
* Dr. Meyf-rs & Co. cure and restore more men than all the other physicians on the
> Pacific Coast combined.
Dr. Meyers & Co. have the experience, ability, equipment and money to do all
) they cialm*. They have been in California for many years and have always been
> found reliable, competent and trustwort hy.
fsam V/iiinF ik*- TwA-
NO PAY TILL CURED. BETTER THAN A GUARANTEE.
'•We hare such faith in our ability that we will let patients deposit the price
of a cure in any bank or with any responsible business house or newspaper in San
Francisco to be paid to us only when cure is made, or we will accept monthly pay-
ments if preferred. (Signed) £^ DR. MEYERS & CO."
Faiiirr powers loss of vital force, etc., brought on by youthful errors or excesses
in after life overwork or worry, and all contracted ailments, including contagious .
b^orcan\r?u%d nd a e t r nome^Write or call for new MARRIAGE GUIDE advice
and treatise on" any disease, Correspondence confidential. No printing on envelopes or ,
packages to indicate name of eender. '~~'^r ■'-' "l- 2 • i
PRICES REASONABLE. CONSULTATION FREE.
DR. MEYERS & CO., 731 " torttet £•£--.. ;
TAKE ELEVATOR.. Hoori Bto 5 dally. ETtaiagi 7U 8. Bund»y§ 9t« 11. <
TALK OF INVASION
OF GREAT BRITAIN
Parisiao Writer Tells How FraQce
Could Send a Big fJrmy io
PiQQaces.
LONDON, March 25.— 1n spite of the signing of the Anglo-French
agreement regarding Africa, one of the leading topics of the week both
sides of the channel has been an article published in the Revue dcs Deux
Mondes seriously outlining a fresh scheme for the invasion of Great
Britain. It proposes that 1500 steam pinnaces be built and collected
in the canals and rivers leading to the French coast, that each of them
be armed with two quick-firing guns and that they convoy an army of
170,000 men and 500 cannon, with the necesary ammunition, stores, etc.
The cost of their construction is estimated at 150,000.000 francs, and
the pinnaces are to be provided with torpedoes to keep off hostile ships,
while the quick-firing guns are to repulse torpedo-boat attacks. The
writer of the article says there will be no difficulty in getting the boats
across, pointing out that Napoleon had a far more difficult task at
"Wagram, where he crossed the Danube in the face of an Austrian
army. The English coast defenses are classed as being a negligible
quantity, and the operation is counted on by the writer as being merely
a matter of a few hours. Three divisions of 14.500 men each are to be
landed in Ireland, and the Irish are to be armed with the old Gras rifles.
The English papers poohpooh the scheme, but the French newspa
pers discuss it as being a perfectly sound proposition. The Petit Jour
nal praises the plan, declaring its chief merit is in its simplicity and
unity, and points to the success of the Roman, Saxon, Danish and
Norman invasions as proving the feasibility of the project.
weeks of the Legislature, -was found
dead In his bed in the New England
Hotel this morning. Owing to a belief
that Colver may have committed sui
cide, an autopsy will be held to deter
mine the cause of death.
ROBERT J. BURDETTE
BECOMES A BENEDICT
Marriage of the Talented Writer to
Mrs. Clara B. Baker of
Pasadena,
PASADENA. March 25.— The mar
riage of Robert J. Burdette and
Mrs. Clara B. Baker was sol
emnized at noon to-day at the
residence of the bride on Orange
■ avenue. The wedding was a very quiet
one, but twelve or fifteen intimate
friends of the principals being present.
Several of these had accepted Mrs.
Baker's invitation to luncheon without
knowing it was a marriage feast.
The rooms were beautifully decorated
in white, but there was no elaborate
bridal display. The ceremony was per
; formed by Rev. A. Moss Merwin. It
; was followed by a -wedding breakfast,
and soon afterward Mr. and Mrs. Bur
dette left over the Southern Pacific on
j a trip that will be of several days 1 du
ration.
A week from to-rr.orrow Mr. Burdette
will preach his first sermon in the
First Presbyterian r'hurch of this
city under an engagement for several
months.
BERLIN CLUBS RUN
EXPRESSLY FOR GAMBLING
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS?9. by Jam^s Gor
don Bennett.
BERLIN. March 25. — Xo sooner hart th*»
first terrible card scandal begun to fade
from memory than we have another.
This time the scene was the Turf Club,
where one of the best known members
has for sonv> tirri past been netting large
winnings by m^nns of cheating- Up is
credited with having won 350,000 marks.
Rather than have a scandal the members
made the offender resign, and he has
gone to the I'nited Statin.
The truth is that all the clubs In Ber
lin, with the exception of the Military
Club, in which th^ Kaiser forbade uam
bling. are run merely for the purpo
play. T'pon It they exist. It is perl
useless for his Majesty to prohibit play
in thi> Military Club if it is tolerated in
all other clubs, good and bad alike, in
which officers are heartily welcome.
These clubs, even if swindlors could not
gain admission, are a curse to Berlin.
THE SAN FTJANCISCO CALIi, SUNDAY, MARCH 26, 1899.
CAMBRIDGE BOYS
DEFEAT OXFORD
Easily Win the Annual
Boat Race.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PUTNEY. England, March 25.— The
fifty-sixth annual boat race between
crews representing the Universities of
Oxford and Cambridge was rowed to
day over the usual course, from Putney
to Mortlake. a distance of about four
and a quarter miles, and was won by
Cambridge. for the first time in ten
years.
Cambridge now has twenty-four out
of the fifty-six races rowed to her
credit.
The light blues, as cabled yesterday,
were the favorites in the betting, the
odds then being 11 to 4 on Cambridge,
though this was regarded as extrava
gant. The crews were sent off at
12: Mp. m.
Cambridge, winning: the togs, took
the Surrey side of the river, which,
with a fresh wind blowing. " gave the
light blues a decided advantage.
Cambridge at once assumed a slight
lead, which it increased to one and a
quarter lengths at the Craven Steps,
about five furlongs from the start.
Just beyond that point, however.
Oxford bfgan drawing up, and at the
Crabtiee wharf, 1 mile 1 furlong and
100 yards from the starting point, was
level with Cambridge. The Crabtree
wharf was passed at 1:03.
At Hammersmith bridge, 1 mile 5
furlongs and 100 yards from the start
ing line, Cambridge had again assumed
the lead by half a length, which was
increased to two and a half lengths
at Thorneycroft, some three miles from
the start.
Thence Cambridge continued her po
sition, rowed a fine, steady stroke.
while Oxford splashed badly and was
evidently distressed.
When the light blues reached Barnes
bridge, 3 miles 4 furlongs and 30 yards
from the start, they were four lenghts
ahead, and the race was practically
over, for the Oxfords were going to
pieces and rowing unsteadily.
The Cambridge crew finished strong
four lengths ahead of Oxford. Two of
the Oxford cr<>\v fainted as their boat
crossed the line. The official time was
21 minutes 4 seconds.
KILLED BY A BLOW.
SACRAMENTO, March 25.— An un
fortunate and fatal altercation oc-
rurred here this evening that has
brought distress to two families. John
Sherburn, son of School Director Sher
burn, struck George Francis with his
fist, and from the effects of the blow
Francis died a few hours later.
The young men. were . members of
Company F, Sixth Infantry Volunteers,
which did garrison duty at Santa Cruz
last summer, and were not good
friends. Both have been employed
in the railroad shops here. On
quitting work this evening they
had a few words, when Francis
applied a vile epithet to Sherburn.
who struck and knocked him down.
Francis arose and went away. He af
terward fell on the street and was
taken to the Railroad Hospital, where
he soon died. It is said a blood vessel
was ruptured in his head. Young Sher
burn gave himself up. and will be
charged with manslaughter.
OWENS TO DIE IN APKIL.
MODESTO, March 25.— George C.
Owens, who was convicted in this coun
ty of the murder of his wife, Ruth C.
Owens, in December, 1897, and sentences
to death, was resontenced to-day' by
Judge Minor to execution at San Quen
tin on April 21. The first date was May
20, 1898, but an appeal to the Supreme
Court delayed the execution and the time
had to be reset. The prisoner arrived
here at 1:38 p. m. and was returned to
the State Prison on the 2:17 p. m. train
to-day.
Owens is a carpenter. His wife lived
with a son-in-law and was applying for
a divorce when he went to her home and
killed her. slightly wounded a daughter
iind attempted to kill himself. His only
injuries were a scalp wound and he re
covered in a short time. He was found
guilty of murder in the first degree and
sentenced to death at the February ses
sion of the Superior Court last year.
THOMAS C. FLETCHER DEAD.
WASHINGTON, March 25.—Ex-Gov
ernor Thomas C. Fletcher of Missouri
died in this city at 3:50 o'clock this
afternoc-n. Four weeks ago last Mon
day Governor Fletcher was stricken
with paralysis. He rallied and im
proved rapidly for about ten days.
There was a recurrence of the attack,
however, a fortnight ago and he had
been In bed ever since. For the last
forty-eight hours he had been uncon
scious. The end came this afternoon,
when his wife, his daughter, Mrs. Perry
Barthol, Dr. Babbitt and a nurse were
at his side. The remains will be taken
to St. Louis, where the funeral services
and interment will take place.
LOST WITH NINE
PERSONS ABOARD
Sloop Thistle's Fate No
Longer in Doubt.
WRECKAGE IS PICKED UP
THE VESSEL FOUND ERED IN
ALERT BAY.
Carried a Small Party Making the
Voyage to &c East Coast
of Vancouver
Island.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Wash., March 25.— A Post
Intelligencer special from Nanaimo,
B. C, says: News was brought here
to-day confirmatory of the loss of the
small sloop Thistle with nine persons
on board. One month ago the party
left Alert Bay for Hornby Island, on
the east shore of Vancouver Island.
Under favorable circumstances they
should have reached their destination
within three or four days. Nothing has
been heard of them since. John
Fletcher, a farmer of Quolcum, arrived
here to-day with advices that wreck
age had been picked up near Alert Bay
Hh v■ ■ '- .jj^k ":._'~»f — ■ '■ ■mi =~=ehmKßw f" f ' ' f^^^^^ff*^ l^^ • Ij ~ ~~\^=^^j^^^nK^^^^^^B^B=k^^^- = * ' ~ — _^^^^B
■fe^ — am^^— -^Mbh^ m *~*\ a. / 4*%. 4 & a / tf^ ■ / - r - -'^ W ■ == i H^^^^^^^^H
l^^^^y suits and overcoats
M^^B&sfl^Mp^^^^r rff"^ #^ #^b^ d *^^ b X'K '/ t ? r: -
B^^^^B "-".^v- -~-* - i j2f C 9 8115 a 11 Ifl jTvt ■• —
V fl fl B ■ B 9 '.. *~ "' '"" ~ " '
■■■■ rr-n:: ■;■■'■ TJ^" ■" " =rz: £i|=E^^^^^|^BrauL^ J ■ \ 1 S-^ *t^^ ' ?7~~-r "' — : ■'i^~^*^>_ -T" ' ,J^'\, j3_-"-^~- J^^^"~ ' * ■■■ ■■ -~'i'
| These suits are all wool — is an absolute fact. We have sold them for $12.50
and $15. They are well cut, properly and carefully made, and stylish. We have them in
twenty different styles. Your choice of material — cheviots, worsteds, tweeds or cassi-
meres — in single or double breasted.
Overcoats consist of all-wool English worsteds, brown and Oxford meltons, coverts,
whipcords, vicunas and kerseys. They are worth $12.50 and $15 ; we have sold them for that.
Now you have a fair idea of what the suits and overcoats are. And to show you
that we have entire faith in the goods — that they will wear and give satisfaction — we agree :
To keep them in repair Tree for one year.
To return your money if you are dissatisfied.
Such protection ought certainly to convince you that the suits and overcoats will
give entire satisfaction. , , . , ,
CHILDREN'S CLOTHING. -
- - . . ■ - £
We give just as good values in our children's clothing as in our men's.
We have a sale now of $3.50 suits that are especially good for the price. . .
•
Middy Suits for boys from 3to 8 years. Tastefully trimmed, has sou- I . Reefer Suits for boys from 4to 10 years. The colors are browns and
tache on the collar, vest and sleeves; two pockets; some of the suits j grays in checks, plaids and stripes; material is all wool and sewed to stay,
have buttoned sleeves, others plain. You will be pleased with one of Double-Breasted Suits, same as Reefer Suits, in assortment, but are
these suits for the price ' for boys- from 8 to 15 —
53.50.
8. N. WOOD & CO., MarJt'ltreet.
X-?e iio Vv \jr j KJr &jr %j %^/h^t©9 Market otpeet.
comparing in every detail with portions
of the Thistle.
The party consisted of William Ford,
his aged mother and two sisters, aged
18 and 15, and Mrs. Harry Thames, her
19-year-old daughter and three smaller
children. The ninth member of the
party is thought to have been the
daughter of a Comox farmer. Her
name has not been learned.
William Ford was the son of a
wealthy farmer of Honolulu, and. with
his mother was visiting her old home
stead. The remainder of the party
resided at Quolcum. The Thistle was
of only five tons register.
Owing to the number of inquiries
made it may be stated that the Thistle
is not the vessel belonging to the
Alaska Packers' Association, but hails
from Victoria, B. C.
PRINCE ARTHUR MUST
ACCEPT THE DUKEDOM
His Withdrawal From Eton Shows
That He Will Succeed to Saxe-
Coburg and Gotha.
NEW YORK, March 25.— A special
cable to the Journal from London says:
The withdrawal of the young Prince
Arthur of Connaught from Eton be
fore the conclusion of the term clearly
foreshadows the fact that he is des
tined to be the heir of the Duke of
Saxe-Coburg and Gotha. The result of
the family council at Cimiez, where the
Queen has consulted all three of her
sons, has evidently been the determina
tion that Prince Arthur shall not abdi
cate the succession in Gotha in favor
of the next in line, the delicate little
Duke of Albany.
Prince Arthur is a manly lad to the
backbone. He does not like giving up
his prospects of a military education
at Sandhurst and a commission in the
British army, of which his father is the
destined commander in chief, but the
regal necessities are paramount, and
the Queen is not likely to regard the
HAS GAGE SIGNED
SANTA FE BILL?
Governor's Office Denies Knowl
edge of tfye Executive's F^e-
ported fiction.
SACRAMENTO, March 25.— Up to the hour of the close of State busi
ness to-night the Governor's office here said that it knew nothing what
ever about the Governor's action as reported in the San Francisco news
papers—one as an alleged dispatch from here, the other as a local San
Francisco story— in signing the Santa Fe bill or any other bill beyond
those already transmitted to thi Secretary of State and published in
The Call. Every other source of news in Sacramento makes the same
statement.
wishes of the young Etonian. The boy
is now to be confined to the hardship of
a German military education. He will
In future have to look on Kaiser Wil
helm as his autocratic sovereign. A
formal deed of abnegation of the suc
cession to the duchy in favor of his
son will snon be signed by the Duke
of Connaught.
WENT OUT WITH WHITE.
Removal of Troy and the Appoint-
ment af a New Yorker.
WASHINGTON, March 25.— The re
moval of Robert P. Troy of California
and the appointment of O. H. Curtis of
New York in his place at the instance of
Senator Platt is in no way looked upon
as a forerunner of further removals.
Troy being kept in office by Mr. White
was looked upon as likely to retire with
the California Senator. The fact that he
was paid JI9SO by a special appropriation
in the deficiency bill for •■services ren
dered on the floor of the Senate" was an
other reason why it was thought he could
be retired at this time. Thfs extra pay
was urged, it is understood, to make Mr.
Troy's salary during two and a half
equal to that of assistant sergeants
at arms, he having been detailed from
duty during that period from the Secre
tary's office to the Senate floor.
With Sherman on Board.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, March 25. —
i The United States cruiser Chicago,
with ex-Secretary Sherman on board,
■ sailed east from here, going through
I the Windward Passage. Before leav
ing. Captain Cooper said he expected
to reach Hampton Roads in four days.
There Mr. Sherman will be transferred
to a small steamer which will take him
to "Washington.
34
LOVE AND GRIEF
LEAD TO DEATH
F. Gerald Mitchell Ends
His Life.
TRAGEDY AT LOS ANGELES
SEQUEL TO THE SUICIDE OF
MBS. BLACK.
Wealthy Englishman Follows to the
Grave the Woman in Whom
His Affections Were
Centered.
Special Di?patch to The Call.
LOP ANGELES, March 25.— F. Ger
ald Mitchell, the companion of Mrs. J.
Martyn Black of London, England,
who committed suicide in the
at Long Beach on
y, slashed his throat with a
razor some time this morning and died
at the Receiving Hospital at 5 o'clock
afternoon. Mitchell took his life
in the house Mrs. Black had purchased
<.n Twenty-eighth street after her ar
rival five weeks ago. Despondency
■ the woman undoubtedly
• : him to commit the deed.
Three gaping wounds extended across
his throat, ar.d the windpipe was punc
tured.
Mitchell, who was 36 years of age,
was an Englishman, and lived on re
mittances sent from his relative?, who
reside near Leeds and are wealthy. His
brother, Cameron Mitchell, i? man
ager of a cattle ranch comprising 20.
--icres in Montell Canyon, sixty
miles west of Uvalde, Texas. On that
place the suicide spent of the
five years, having been sent there
by his family In th<± hope of changing
his methods of living.
Of fine appearance, well educated,
sauve in manner, with a gracious air,
he was murh sought by the social set
In San Antonio and other Texas cities.
In San Antonio he met Mrs. J. Martyn
Black, a sister of A. Frederick Schultz,
the son of the well-known English
powder manufacturer. Although Mrs.
Black was Mitchell's senior by ten
years and the mother of two children,
an attachment spraner up between the
two which led to their undoing, first
by the discovery of their illicit love by
Schultz, then their flight to Los An
geles six weeks ago and the suicide of
both within three days of each other.
The body of the woman lies at the
Long Beach undertaker's quarters
awaiting the disposition of the
brother, who will arrive to-morrow
morning. Among Mrs. Black's effects
are many diamonds of rare value, laces
and trinkets indicating the position she
occupied in social life.
Mitchell's family has been notified of
his death. An inquest will be held to
morrow. ___
Furious Fight on a Boulevard.
LONDON, March 26.— The Paris cor
respondent of the Observer telegraphs
that a furious fight occurred last night
on the Boulevard St. Michael between
parties of Dreyfus and anti-Dreyfus
students. Several persons were in
jured and two cafes were wrecked.
J ,^^ SLEEPLESSNESS, J
J ,#^ MENTAL EXHAUSTION, % :
♦ M NERVOUSNESS, % X
♦ M FAILING STRENGTH. % X
a hT^A b JHf ntt £ IHI
♦ »»' > 'HE*' I B3^ ~* "■ "^ ■■ *
♦ 4
? TIT. T. MAXWELL Igernt. Cal. MRS. H. JOHNSON Hoe.u!am. W«»h ♦
♦ *IS CURED. DEAR SIRS: Tear IS CURED. DBAS DOCTORS; ♦
precious remedy bas done wonders for m«. I - I wish tbat I could ♦
4* can bow sleep eight hours a eight, and I get up tell everyone on eartb whet a splendid mcdl- 4
♦ feeling refreshed, and that my sleep did me cine your Hndyan Is. For several months I 4
+ good. I know of no better remedy for Insomnia tad be«n unable to sleep more than two Hours 4
a than Hudyan, and will surely recommend It to a night all told. I became so nervous that I a
my friends. Tours truly, was not abl* to do my housework. Our nelgb-
W. T. HAZWELL bor initiated that I try Hndyaa, and I did. To T
I M SMITH ' Denver. 0010. ■" great satisfaction I soon «ound myself la- .
Z 'IS CURED. MT DB>R DOC- P *^"*. «=« norn ! con»»oer tbat lam cured. J
J TOBHi It affords in« great pleasure to be able * M H * JOHNSON. %
+to tell 7 <m that your Hudy.n has cured me. and J# HARXrfBSS New Wbatcoa. Wash. 4
you may be sore I will always speak a good „ crRBD . DEAB alvs . ,we m 4
w word for It. I used to suffer m«UI Tortures. moob for t am .!.<_
♦ for I rould not sleep at night. W.I never nt to „ ■ ,fc """*• *!' ! * m 4Kajß<
♦ do. day's work; shy.v. awoke In the morning BtTon « " d h " lth '' and I " chtn « e W " 4
I reeling worse than when I went to b«d. bro "« ht •»»««« * ' ol ' r Hudyan. I ran ■»* 4
T. for I would roll and toss all night without the sleep like any other healthy person, and am
♦ sleep I needed. Your Hudyan relieved these gaining In weight right along. Insomnia was Z.
♦ ?e°.riik O On:e n : »ew C mT a P n r ow lT t^Vruir • "* ' »* »-•-» ««"•• " d «-« 1. entirely cured. !
♦ M. SMITH. I am. very gratefully. J. HABTNBS3.
♦• ■ 4
♦ f^fJUDYAN cures diseases of the Blood and Nerves, Nervousness, 4
♦ Weakness, Exhausted Nerve Vitality, Rheumatism, Sciatica, *
X Locomotor Ataxia, Paralysis, Headache, Sleeplessness, Desponden- 4
♦ cy, Mental Depression, Hysteria, Neuralgia, Pains in Side and Back, *
♦ Epileptic Fits, Palpitation of the Heart, Nervous Dyspepsia, Indiges- 4
♦ turn, Mental Worry, Early Decay, Constipation, all Female Weak- 4
♦ nesses, Pale and Sallow Complexions. *
♦ ■ J
♦ HUDYAN, 50 cents a package, or six packages for $2.50. for J
♦ sale by druggists, or send direct to the 4
♦ J
\ HUDYAN REMEDY CO., j
X Corner Stockton, Ellis and Market Streets, }
♦ SAN FRANCISCO, CAL J
♦ You may consult the Hudyan Doctors free. Call or write. 4
RAILS BLOCKADED
BY SLIDING SNOW
Blizzard Is Raging in
Colorado.
FEW TRAINS ARE MOVING
AVALANCHES DESCEND UPON
THE TBACKS.
Near Sapinero an East-Bound Passen
ger Collides With a Bock
Slide and the Engine
Ib Wrecked.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER, March 25.— Another bliz-
z ard has struck Colorado. From all over
the State come reports of snow and
cold weather. Here in Denver it has
been snowing and blowing since about
the middle of the afternoon. The 3torm
was preceded by misty rain and
! The railroads are being " blockaded by
land and snow slides.
A special to the News from Gunnisor.,
! Colo., says: "The warm rains which
have been prevailing in this section for
the past few days have raised havoc
with the Rio Grande Railroad in the
' Black Canyon. The train from the
West, due here yesterday evening, en
i countered fourteen rock and snow slides
and it was 6 o'clock this morning before
I it got through the canyon and reached
'' Sapinero. From the latter place to
Gunnison it was supposed to be clear
! sailing. But when a curve ten miles
1 this side of Sapinero was reached the
train ran into an immense rock slide.
: The engine was completely wrecked
1 and now lies crosswise of the track.
The engineer and fireman both jumped
from the cab and were uninjured. None
|of the passengers were hurt. The mail
j and baggage cars were considerably
: damaged. A temporary track was built
' around the wreck, an engine sent from
! here and at 3 o'clock this afternoon the
' train arrived at this point, where sev
■ eral hours were consumed in making
i necessary repairs."
A terrific blizzard has been raging on
Eagle Pass for several days and num
erous snowslides have occurred in
Eagle Canyon. Some narrow escapes
are reported. A Denver and Rio Grande
train has been stuck in the snow in
the canyon since Tuesday.
A special to the News from Glenwond
Springs, Colo., says: "The Denver and
Rio Grande Railroad is still blockaded
by a slide in the canyon of the Grande
River. Trains No. 2 and 4 from Grand
Junction east-bound, which were held
here, returned to the junction this
afternoon and the passengers will be
sent East by way of the narrow-gauge
railroad. No prediction can be made
as to when the road will be cleared."
Ends Life With a Bullet.
STOCKTON, March 25.— Gottlieb
Sigenthaler. driver of a delivery wagon
for the El Dorado Brewery in this city,
shot and killed himself this evening
while in the presence of his wife and
several friends at his home on North
i California street. He had been drink
i ing.
THE SAN FRANCISCO .CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 26, 1899.
ENGINEERING SKILL HAS
PREVENTED FLOODS ALONG
THE LOWER SACRAMENTO
Construction of an Easement Diverts Storm
Water Into the Yolo Basin and Insures
Against Breaks in Levees.
SACRAMENTO, March 25.— Chief
Engineer M. A. Nurse of the
Board of Public Works, and a
number of members of the
Auditing Board to-day visited
the levee, or easement, built in the
Sacramento River by the State last
summer. They were joined on the
ground by Public Works Commissioner
E. E. Leake, and together the party
went over the ground. The water was
found to be running over the easement,
carrying the storm water into the great
Yolo basin, thus protecting all down
river levees from any danger of
breaking. The easement was found to
be a perfect success, and few land
owners in the Lower Sacramento Val
ley realize what a splendid thing it is
for them.
Before this work was constructed
at every high water there were re
peated breaks in the levees at most un
fortunate places. As a result of these
breaks thousands of acres of valuable
land was flooded and crops ruined.
Before the breaks occurred the river
often ran bank full, and the islands in
the lower part of Sacramento County,
containing the fruit and vegetable land
In the State, were flooded. To-day's
test proved that this can never occur
in the future.
The easement is built of rock and
concrete, is 2000 feet long and 15 feet
across the top. Being eiprht feet lower
than the levees, which abut on either
end. water will begin flowing over the
easement before the river gets within
six feet of the danger point.
Of course the Board of Public Works
was anxious to see this splendid piece
of engineering construction tested,
and its wish was gratified to-day.
When the members reached the ease
ment they found an immense stream of
water. 2000 feet lung and a foot and a
half deep, flowing gently over the
crown of the concrete without waste to
the fields beyond into the great Yolo
basin.
By thus easing the Lower Sacra
mento there is no danger of future
floods and no danger that breaks will
appear in the levees below the point
where the levee is situated.
The heavy fall of rain within th<= past
few days has had the effect of swell
ing all the streams in this vicinity, and
the banks have given away on the
smaller rivers tributary to the S
mento, causing considerable overflow
in certain localities. The damage, how
ever, will prove slight and many farm
ers appear to be glad that their lands
have been overflowed.
Reports were received to-day of the
overflowing of the hop lands bordering
the American River, about five miles
BITTER COMPLAINT
OF THE GERMANS
Say No Reciprocity Is
Shown by America.
Copyrighted, 189?, by the Associated Press.
BERLIN, March 25.— The German
newspapers, in discussing the commer
cial relations between Germany and
the United States, complain more or
less bitterly of the alleged fact that
while here everything is being done to
bring about an improvement, Germany
being willing to sacrifice something: to
that end, no reciprocity has been shown
by the United States, where, it is as
serted, even the calm and moderate
part of the press does not recommend
any steps in that direction. A score
of articles written in this tenor have
appeared in many of the papers. It
is believed that they were inspired by
the Government for a purpose. The
most plain-spoken article was pub
lished in the Cologne Volkszeitung.
which said that the Americans were
greatly mistaken if they imagined that
all the yielding in the efforts to arrange
a treaty would be done by Germany.
Andrew D. White, the United States
Embassador, referring to the Samoan
situation, made the following state
ment to the correspondent of the As
sociated Press:
'The negotiations between Germany
and the United States in regard to Sa
moa which have been partly carried on
here have ceased for the present, and
are now exclusively carried on at
Washington. Among the reasons for
this change is the one that as Wash
ington is nearer in point of time to the
scene of action there will be less delay
in obtaining information. This is the
present status.
"The negotiations in regard to the
commercial treaty are also confined to
Washington, where the bureaus of
John Kasson, special reciprocity com
missioner, and Baron yon Holleben, the.
German Embassador, are handling
them. lam not aware of any interest
ing recent developments in the matter."
Replying to a question as to whether
the- presence and doings in Germany of
Robert P. Porter have had any appre
ciable effect, good or bad, on the re
lations between Germany and the
United States, Mr. White said: "No; so
far as I can judge that has not been
the case."
The Reichstag has adjourned until
April 11. Since it convened it has ac
complished a great deal of work, hav
ing held sixty-one plenary and eleven
special sessions. The various commit
tees (here called commissions) have
also dispatched much business. Of the
bigger bills only the budget was finally
passed. The banking;, judiciary, lex
seinge, or the law against unnatural
crimes, and several other bills, are still
progressing. The postal, telephone,
telegraph and meat inspection bills
have not even had their first reading,
but these measures will come up after
the holidays in the order named.
Before adjourning the Reichstag had
a most exciting discussion on the sub
ject of gambling. Herr Bebel, the So
cialist leader, reiterated his charge
that there was a large percentage of
the army officers In the notorious
Harmlosen Club, adding that a similar
state of things prevailed at the Turf
Club, where heavy play is the main fea
ture. Herr Bebel further asserted
that many officers played there regu
larly In spite of the army regulations
forbiddinp gambling. He added that
among those who frequented the club
were three Princes of a reigning Ger
man house.
The Socialist leader then asked why
the Minister of War, General yon Ooss
ler, usually quick iD preventing papers
east of Sacramento. The bottom lands
on the ranches of Mayor William Land.
John Studarus Sr., a portion of the Earl
Fruit Company's property, Peter Hoey's
and Stephen Quail's ranches, all lo
cated In the neighborhood of Patter
sons Station, are more or less under
water. The bottom lands on the old
Rooney ranch, which, by the way, con
tains the largest hop field in the world,
and the bottom lands on the ranches of
William White, Antone Menk<2 and
Daniel McCarty are inundated.
Said R. D. Stephens, the well-known
fruit shipper, whose land is near the
submerged fields, to The Call corre
spondent this evening:
"It is a mistake to say that this over
flowing of the bottom lands is going to
work an injury to the orchardists and
hop growers. On the contrary, it will
work a distinct benefit. The water holds
a fine sediment, which is deposited on
the bottom lands and enriches it to a
remarkable degree. In fact, some of
the farmers have been hoping for twen
ty-five years that their lands would be
overflowed in this manner. Of course,
if the water remained on the land a
great length of time the effect would
be bad, but you will find that the water
will soon disappear and that the deposit
of sediment it has left will be of great
value to the lands."
It is of interest as showing the tre
mendous force of the current of the
Sacramento to know that the water
which has covered the bottom lands
along the American River is backwater
from the mouth of the American at its
junction with the Sacramento. The
Sacramento i? flowing so fast past the
mouth of the American that the latter
cannot empty its volume into it, and
so the water actually runs hack six or
seven miles to the bottom lands desig
nated.
On the Cosumnes, also, the water has
attained a great height and the banks
have broken in several places, over
flowing lands in the south western part
of the county. The Sacramento River
is five or six feet below the leveos and
there is absolutely no alarm felt any
where along the river. In fact, the
high water is quite generally regarded
as of vast benefit to the grainflelds and
orchards.
Buildings Carried Away.
REDDING, March 25.— Reports from
the East Side, in the track of yesterday's
extraordinary rainstorm show that a
great deal of damage was done. Four
familiea returning from a funeral at Mill
Valley were compelled to camp out all
night on account of high water in a creek
that is ordinarily dry. A dwelling house
and a blacksmith shop were carried down
the stream. A mile over Bella Vista the
storm increased in fury. A river of flood
water ran across the open, carrying away
a barn filled with hay and farming im
p!t m*-nt.«. Two wagons went down
stream and a large vineyard was up
rooted and ruined. Fencing in all dl
from speaking disrespectfully of the
army, had not proceeded against the
Tageblatt, which had given details in
connection with these clubs severely re
flecting on army officers. To this query
the Minister made an evasive reply.
Herr Bebel, continuing, said that the
extent to which gambling flourished in
the Turf Club was proved by the fact
that the club last year received 350,000
marks from .card money.
An investigation made by the corre
spondent here of the Associated Press
has more than corroborated the above
statements. It seems that 50 per cent
of the membership of the club consisted
of officers belonging to the active and
reserve forces of the army and that
the frequenters of the club until recent
ly included Emperor William's brother
in-law. Duke Ernest Gunther of Schles
wig-Holstein, three Baden Princes, a
Wurtemburg Prince, a Prince of Thurn
and Taxis and a number of the mem
bers of the Prussian Herrenhaus, Diet
and Reichstag. Any number of scan
dals have occurred in the club recently.
In the Prussian Herrenhaus there was
a hot debate introduced by two Yonkers
for the purpose of forbidding persons of
both sexes under 18 years of age visit
ing dram shops or leaving their native
place without permission and relntro
ducing punishment by whipping.
This feature of the bill has been re
ferred to a committee and will probably
pass. It Is claimed that most of those
who were consulted as to the advisa
bility of reintroducing whipping had
agreed that it was necessary, and
added that it seemed in most cases to
be more humane and more wholesome
than imprisonment.
YOUNG PICO ARRAIGNED
FOR HORSE STEALING
Nephew of the Former Governor of
California on Trial at Los
Angeleß.
LOS ANGELES, March 25.— The trial of
Alvino Pico, charged with horspstoniing.
proceeded this morning before Judge
Smith and a jury. The defense of Insanity
Is being attempted by the prisoner.
Pico is a nephew of ex-Governor Pit)
Pico, one of the notable characters In
California history. He Is charged with the
theft of a horse and buggy. It is alleged
Pico took the rig- to a livery stable and
left it, first selling a harness and robe.
The Countess Pico Gottliebson, the wife
of a Danish nobleman, now living in San
Francisco, a sister of the prisoner, testi
fied that his mind had always been weak
and that In his youth he had frequently
given signa of insanity. Cross-examina
tion developed that the Countess has not
been intimately acquainted with her
brother since 1879, for the reason that
since that year he spent most of his time
in Utah, Nevada and California State*
prisons. Count Gottliebson, a portly per
son with a Russian beard, was present at
the trial.
OPENED THE WRONG GRAVE.
WOODLAND. March 25.— Two Chinese
have been arrested in Davisville for body
snatching, and District Attorney Bush
went to that place this afternoon to make
a thorough investigation. The Chinese live
in San Francisco and arrived in Davlsvile
on Friday to obtain the body of a fellow
countryman 'who met death on W. W.
Montgomery's farm about ten years ago
and was buried in the Davisville ceme
tery. In the evening they proceeded to
the cemetery and dug several holes in an
attempt to locate the Chinaman's re
mains. They finally found a body, which
they removed and put into a box.
Some one passing the cemetery noticed
the Chinese digging into the graves and
notified the officers at Davisville. Upon
investigation it was learned that the
Mongolians had disinterred the n.-mains
of an Indian who had been dead about
fifteen years. The remains were identified
by several old residents of Davisville. The
Chinese were then placed under arrest.
It is not believed that they intended to
molest any other grave than that of their
countryman, but they had no authority
to open any grave, and will have to ans
wer to the courts for the offense.
Preparing to Marry Rigo.
NEW YORK, March 25.— A special
cable to the Journal from Cairo says:
Princess de Chimay means to take up
her permanent residence in Egypt. She
is building a villa in the suburbs of
Alexandria, where she will reside with
Rigo after their approaching nuptials.
rections was washed away. The creeks
were higher than they had even been
before.
Woodbridge in Danger.
LODI. March 25.— There is grave danger
of a flood along Mokelumne River and
the tule region west of here. The river i
to-night was rising at the rate of two j
inches an hour at Woodbridgre. That place |
is much lower than the river, and if the
levee breaks the town will suffer. Men i
are out watching the levee for miles
along the river.
Santa Cruz in Darkness.
SANTA CRUZ, March 25.— Trains are
again running on schedule time. Owing
to the damage to the flume of the Big
Creek Company the city has been without
Incandescent lights for several nights. To
add to the darkness the gas supply was
cut off last night, as a tree fell against
the boiler at the gas house, destroying
connections.
In Santa Ynez Valley.
LOS OLIVOS, March 25.— Santa Ynez
Valley is receiving the greatest drench
ing since the wet season of 1889 and IS9O.
Over an inch of rain has fallen since Sun
day in light, drizzling showers, making
three and a half inches for the storm.
Grain and grass are growing with tropical
luxuriance.
Thousands of Gophers Drowned.
DECOTO, March 25.— The heavy rain
has flooded the low land around Alvarado
and has drowned thousands of gophers,
which have for years been a great nui
sance to raisers of sugar beets and garden
truck.
Water for Irrigation.
B,\KERSFIELI>, March 25.-Rain fell
heavily here all last night and up to noon
to-day. The fall amounted to one-half
inch, making 3.74 inches for the season.
Sufficient water for irrigation is assured.
The Water Is Receding.
STOCKTON. March 25.— A1l danger of
flood is past. The water is receding from
the flooded districts, and the rivers are
falling.
This Year's Rainfall.
"Weather Prophet Willson says the
deluge la over. The total rainfall of sev
eral localities for this year and that for
the same time last year is as follows:
San Francisco, this year, 15 inches,
against 7.03 Inches last year; Oakland
30.81, against 10.SB; Antioch R.*6, againsi
4.90; Livermore 11.07. against 7.09; Stock
ton 13.62. against 5.36; Santa Rosa 20.20,
against 14.H7; Vacaville 27.57, against 9.99;
Merced 6.26, against 5.75: Tulare, 7.50,
against 4; Bak>.rstield 2.37, against 2.74;
Red Hluff 21.04, against 13. '1n; Fulsom 15.54.
against 10.13; Sacramento 11.92, against
B. 18; L.os Gatos 20. 7^, against 12; Boulder
Creek SLIB, against 1S.88; San Jose 10.44
against 5.64; Gilroy 17.93. against 7.75;
Santa Cru* 24.26, against 11.63; Monterey
9.30, against 4>3: San Luis Obispo 15.51.
against 3.61; Santa Ana 4.69, against 4.32
Tehachapi 1.37, against 1.92;
RHODES' MISSION
NOT A SUCCESS
Germany Will Not Fi
nance His Railroad.
BERLIN, March 25.— The result of
| Cecil Rhodes' mission to this country
: is generally spoken of by the press as
; equivalent to a failure. The financial
papers laugh at the idea that the Gov
ernment will furnish guarantees of the
' financial success of that part of the
projected Cape to Cairo railroad which
( is to pass through German East Africa.
Respecting the reasons which pre
vented the Emperor from dissolving the
Reichstag, it now appears that the
whole Bundesrath, Prussia alone ex
| cepted. was against him. Not only the
King of Saxony, but a number of other
sovereigns personally advised his Ma
j jesty against a dissolution, and if the
j Emperor had insisted, in the Bundes
! rath, in putting the motion for a dis
solution it would have been overwhelm
ingly defeated.
The Bundesrath to-day accepted the
Reichstag form of the military bill.
There is a strongly growing senti
ment in favor of excluding foreiern
• born Princes from succession to Ger
i man thrones. The death of the heredi
j tary Prince of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha
I and the question of the succession to
the throne of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha
have started a discussion which has
! taken a violent form in some of the
papers.
The Munich Neuste Xachrichten
takes vigorous exception to the fact
that the succession was decided by a
family council of English-speaking
Princes presided over by Queen Vic
toria, and says:
"It is Intolerable that such a deci
sion should be made by Englishmen.
We do not blame the English branch
of the Coburgs for having turned en
tirely English, nor do we blame young
Connaught. He may be the nicest fel
low in the world; but It remains that
an Englishman is out of place on a
German throne."
The paper then advocates passing a
law regulating the succession to Ger
man thrones in a way to forever ex
clude all family rights of succession
held by foreign-born persons.
This is by no means the most vio
lent expression of opinion. Even some
of the newspapers close to the Govern
ment spoke in a similar sense, but with
more caution.
A member of the Bundesrath Informs
the correspondent of the Associated
Press that the Bundesrath has often
discussed the matter during the oast
month, and that while nobody thinks
of excluding the present heir to the
throne of Coburg, some new legislation
on the subject will shortly be proposed
in the Bundesrath jointly by the Ger
man governments and that later it will
be sent to the Reichstag.
The Alle Deutsche Blaetter, in a
flaming article, deplores the fact that
so many Germans fought on sea and
land under the Yankee flag in the late
war, and says America's young colon
ial empire "will be paid for with Ger
man blood, just as the French con
quered in the same way Tonquin, Mad
agascar and Dahomey." It adds: "If
the Yankees, with their coarse brag
ging, threaten to lick us, it is only be
cause they know their own skins are
safe is> my case. With their dollars
they would find enough German asses
and renegades to fight their own moth
erland."
APV^BTISEMENTS^
FINE BLACK I^l;.»o
DRESS GOODS SSIo".«S^.
An immense shipment of Fine Black Creponnes in beautiful, rich, new
styles, imported from the well-known firm of __-»- -«,„
B PRIESTLEY & CO., BRADFORD, ENGLAND.
corK« S ?^^rod^ SS ffJfftt&^lW^B*^
inS: EXTRA SPECIAL yf EXTRA SPECIAL
BARGAINS. BARCAIIS.
Enalish 42 inch Black English Silk and Wool w^" Creponiies^in
LngllSn Creponnes, 6 new de- striped figured and
CreDonnes signs v n f if\ 4 ntl Creponnes. corded effects, the
cial e Ji..!^..^a«>'- to select from. S Spe- 910-00
j cial at a Suit \f) / £.
•■ Mil MAW 50 pieces 46 inch Black
1/ /. a. in.h Rlack Voveltv Pie- I nll-WOOI Heavy All Wool
Novelty Twine Serges. l^\^En
P/erolaS. luster' Q 1.25 sheds the dust; good value HlKf*
excellent for wear; worth El) / at 75c. Special at . y ... %J \J is
$1.75, special at ....a Yard T^ * I a Yard
1 SPECIAL OFFERINGS IN NEW SILKS.]
Just received over two hundred different styles of latest novelties in
exquisite colorings in printed Warp, Striped and Corded Effects. The beat
values ever offered. .... * .
New iUrTw^led^ouSS ! Fancy ™? c v a ov ° c ? ty s « n »£
/b^/aA/s. at^sss^ta^pirSe: ?/7fe.-fsss t8 8t a rl n P vs 0/.25
Navy, Browns, Greens and P* . exquisite colorings, at jr/1 M
Grays; also new satin £hk f\ $2.00, $1.50 and a Yard f *
striped Foulards; on sale / %J %jr ■
at Yard f . *^ : p/_/_ 150 pieces of extra, quality
. riain plain Taffeta Silk, latest
Novelty 2i Inch strI P, ed Taffeta Silks TaffetQS - color ings 19 -7 £-
novel ly m new color- rht^fnn l aneias ' inches wide, £*\ f\
O.'/La ings; excellent «■ J.fJU regular value Ssc. Special #
O//«5. quality, special f/1 / at Yard "
at Yard tF^ * —^— — .
— NEW GLOVES FOR EASTER.
SPECIAL SALE OF RIBBONS. 150 dozen 2-clasp Pique Walking
Right Ribbons for Easter Trade. a B^/C%E la %n kP l!?^df 'S
line of exceedingly handsome Ribbons, , s Th best glove ever sold for the
latest spring colorings In corded, money Every pair fit- gKjnn
striped and plaid effects, f\ i— tPd J a nd guaranteed. Pi////
f rom .« 3 *-% 1% lnc i ies Wide ' /OP Worth $1.25. For this f/| / UU
at 60c, 50, 3oc and ■■■■£, \J C/ week ...* a Pair V *
h. xsrt
. 75 boxes of Black All Silk Satin and LadieS &° f^s? Black* CoTton Sole"
G r ,°4 s ? rain Ribbons at the following »cp gwSutSSJ high^splice'd 1
P rlces - . - tiOSe. eels and toes; r\ f\
No. 2 3 5 7 00( j value at 50c. Sne- •* M I f\
Piece. ..3oc 45c 55c 7Oc | c ial (while they last) at \J \J \j
200 pieces No. 40 Black Satin | Fair
Gros Grain Ribbon, extra qual- QOc rf,/U non ' <: Fleece Lined Ribbed
ity. worth 60-(sinch)i^ Children 8 shirts and Pants;
and Gros Grain Ribbon, worth 25c Underwear. fual- O*% f\
200 S Spicesi C ces No." '■ 60 double-faced i.t>% nicely finished, sizes £{J Q
Satin Sash Ribbon, all silk. Qsc 2u to 26, special at ...... ♦ r,- o
worth 50c, special at Yard * DC \ 28 to 30 30c 32 to 34 3dc
I SPECIAL ITEMS IN WASH FABRICS. |
1 _ — , . — — ■ — — • 1
1000 pieces best quality 36-inch Percales ! White Pique, heavily corded; 20c
in all the new shades of Hello- regular value 30c a yard. For this *w»o 1
trope. Pink. Blue. LavenfW: 101 C week at A Yard
over two hundred different styles. I *2 V 300 pieces Fine Irish Dimities, in all the .
Special at A Yard dainty colorings, in Pink. Blue, '
Fine quality American Gi^hams j2, c JITSSS S^Sb rfSS MA It '
in new colorings, checks and Jy'r a, •i.i at A Tard
Plaids; fine for children's wear '*2 - lJ s e c c 0 ? ch a Madras! ' in" dainty ' cniorings, a .
Special at a iaru. gran(l assortment to select from; I
Printed Piques, in stripes; new Ig c in all the pretty shades of Blue, £Q C
shades of Heliotrope. Blue, Pink. IIJL Heliotrope and Pink; fast colors. W* (
Black and White. Special at.... A Yard. ; Sped! at A lard
LVTEST NOVELTIES IN SILK AND COTTON SHIRT WAISTS JUST- RE- <
CEIVED. ASK TO SEE THEM.
SEE WINDOW DISPLAY.
COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. '
FEAST OF PASSOVER
IS BEING OBSERVED
COMMEMORATIVE OF EXODUS
FROM EGYPT.
The observance of the Feast of the
j Passover began in Jewish circles last
i night. It will continue for seven days,
'< ending Saturday, April 1. The occasion is
' the 3238 th anniversary of the Israelites'
■ exodus from Egypt, 2339 B. C. The oom
i memoration is in accordance with Exo
dus xli. 18-20 . , .
The feast as it Is celebrated to-day, is
•symbolical of the fact that God ordained
man to be free in body and free in soul.
It offers a warning to all tyrants and op
i pressora that God will break their power.
Practically the nrst day and night only
compose the Feast of the Passover, lhe
remainder of the week is observed as the
feast of unleavened bread.
Before the festival began last night
each Jewish home was cleared of leav
ened bread. The firstborn son of each
family fasted yesterday to commemorate
the miraculous escape of the Israeli tish
firstborn from the tenth Egyptian
' plague. In each household there was
I solemn prayer and praise and reading of
the narrative of the exodus. The fami
lies then seated themselves around a
table whereon was spread the memorial
of the paschal lamb, the unleavened
bread and bitter herbs. All sat as equals
—parents and children, master and ser
vant host and guest. During the week
nothing but unleavened bread will be
taten.
The orthodox Hebrews meet in the syn
agogue each night and morning to praise
God for his mercies. On the seventh day
the narrative of the wonderful passage
over the Red Sea will be recited and the
"Song of Moses'" sung in the language
used by the patriarchs when they had
! journeyed through the bed of the mighty
waters to escape the ruthless sword of
Pharaoh. .
The first two and last days of the week
are holidays; the intermediate four are
but semi-holidays.
DID NOT DISCUSS GAS.
i Supervisors Postpone Consideration
of Figures Relating to a Munic
ipal Lighting Plant.
The Supervisors are not ready to pass
upon the question of a municipal plant
| for the lighting of streets and public
i buildings. Engineer Hunt was present at
j a meeting of the Street Light Committee
i yesterday, but was not heard regarding
I the figures he submitted last Monday.
His report has been printed and copies
were distributed among the Supervisors
yesterday. As they had no time In which
i to absorb his figures the matter was laid
over one week.
Chairman Kalben questioned Mr. Hunt
in a manner that indicated he had a
grievance. He asked him if he was em
ployed at present. Mr. Hunt replied he
was: that he was installing an electric
plant at Yuba. "You did not have charge
of lighting the Pavilion for the fight last
night, did you?" asked Kalben.
Mr. Hunt denied any connection with
] the affair. "Well, T heard them calling
i for 'Jackson' and the electrician, and I
thought you might have had something
to do with it."
Representatives of the Gas Consumers*
Association were present to protest
against the removal of their gas govern
ors for regulating the quantity of gas
used in the City Hall. The Building Com
mittee gave the privilege to a rival com
pany. After some discussion the matter
was referred to the Building Committee
as the one properly having charge of
such matters.
In the Divorce Court.
James F. Dennan, a police officer, was
granted a divorce from Maggie Herman
yesterday on the ground of exreme cruel
ty. Suits for divorce have been filed by-
Carlos Moncisvaia against Manuela Mon
clsvais, for desertion; Roletta Stella Gus
sander against Fritz A. Gussander, for
cruelty, and Frances L. Kraus against
Bingham Kraus. for failure to provide.
Advances made on furniture and p'anos. with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-U23 Mission.
t For the Best $10 Suit
\ fJf to order you must go to /
A JOE POHEIM.
1 1 B/IbMA or $25 you can get a /
i jU& <U fine, well made and well '
i v^B Bar trimmed -suit at
! ffl JOE POHEIM'S. I
1 lp Will cost elsewhere $40. '
] m^R All-wool, styl ; sh-cut /
I 9 W Pants to order from $4 i 1
to $12 at
"Sf^A JOE POHEIM'S,
I \ 201-203 Montgomery St.. Cor. Bu«h /
) 1110-1112 Mnrket St.. S. F. ': i
STANDARD MIXED
PAINT!
$A 00 Per
4>l^ Gallon
Money Back If You Don't Like It.
; Colors and Booklet, "Cost of Painting," Free.
MANUFACTURERS:
BUSWBLL PAINT CO.,
302 Market St., S. F.
710 to 716 Broadway, Oakland.
Use f m % Use^
Woodbury's p^^ Woodbury'3
Faoial Soap. Faoial Cream.
Instant relief for aching, tired feet, excessive
' perspiration, offensive odor and irritations;
( makes the skin sweet and healthy. Send 10
i cents for Beauty Book, and receive sample of
each free. JOHN H. -WOODBURY, 26 W. »d
St., New York, and 163 State St.. Chicago.
0000000000000000
2"* PALACE a zp%
% GRAND hotels o
Q SAN FRANCISCO. q
,*f Connected by a covered passageway. **
° 1400 Room?— 900 with Bath Attached. ©
O All Under One Management. O
O NOTE THE PRICES: '  O
O European Plan.Bl.OO per day and upward O
O American Plan. $3. per day and upward -~
Correspondence Solicited. O
O JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. Msr.ig.r O
000000000000000000
I C DDIIU'C FOR EITHER SEX.
LC DnUri QThiB remedy being mi-
i ]*.*,*<>* directly to the
E4Bk seat of those diseases
Q ■> ■■of the Genito-L'rlnary
Ma ■■ Organs, requires no
Ufa BItI change of diet- Cure
■ m — guaranteed in 1 to 3
■ days. Small plain pack.
MVVn'Riage, by mall, 81.00.
W %# XfiSold only by
GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO., Sola Ajjents,
; 214 Kearny St.. San FrancUco. Cfcl.
q virit DR. JORDAN'S «»«»»«
tsgm Museum of Anatomy
[pMI 1051 JOB»TBT.l»t.6tt* 7th, S.F.Cjd.
0 "1 * I The L»rg««t of lv kind in tin) World. "
1 ]^f|\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
\ I phiios °p h of W Marria 0 -
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THB
great Mexican remedy; gives health an 4
■irgusta to lexual ore as*. Depot, 323 ¥»rk<hFRENCH CHASSEURS
HAVE A MASCOT
pollow the American Example by
Adopting a Babe f^und in
a Railway Carriage.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1899,
by James Gordon Bennett.
PARIS, March 25.— The French people have heard so much about
the mascots of various American regiments and ships during the war
that it would not be surprising if the example were followed here. At
any rate the officers of the Seventeenth Chasseurs have adopted an
eight-day-old baby found in a railway carriage at Rambouillet. From
pome points of view this is better than selecting a goat or pig for a
ma-scot. but it would be interesting to follow the history of this fllle dv
regiment before passing final Judgment.
KING BARLEYCORN
WINS THE DERBY
The New Orleans Classic
Decided.
TRACK RECORD IS LOWERED
JOCKEY WTLXJE MARTIN HAS
THE MOUNT.
Al Fresco Takes the Handicap, Clip
ping a Second From the Cres
cent City Track
Mark.
Special Pldpatch to The Call.
NEW ORLEANS, March 25.— The
Crescent City Jockey Club's winter
meeting ended In a blaze of glory this
afternoon. Slightly cloudy weather
made it cooler and the track was fast.
A double bill was presented, the New
Orleans handicap and the Crescent City
Derby being its features. In the first
race Lady Ellerslie equaled the track
record for six furlongs, and in the New
Orleans handicap Al Fresco, cleverly
handled by Nutt, reduced the track
rd here a second.
The Derby was called at 4:15 p. m.
The Morris candidate, Kentucky Col
onel, was favorite at 4 to 5 in the open
betting and maintained his place and
price to the end, the public supporting
him heavily. King Barleycorn, at 2 to
1, was supported mainly by his owners,
while Elmer S and Hittick, who were
coupled in the straight and separated
In the place betting, were backed from
20 to 1 to 10 to 1. Some of the books
laid 12 to l on Elmer S a place.
In the parade to the post all of the
starters received warm applause. - The
start was prompt and" good. Elmer S
showing first. Littlefield took Kentucky
Colonel to the front at once and led past
the half. The colt then showed signs
of faltering and dropped rapidly back
to the rear of the bunch, where he
finished. There was no interference of
consequence and no accident. The colt
showed that he was but a sprinter and
disliked a route. Elmer S, which ran
surprisingly well, regained command
and led into the stretch. King Barley
corn who had been rated with extreme
cleverness by Willie Martin, came away
when ready and won as suited him,
lowering the track record for the dis
tance. ■. ,
Al Fresco and Necedah were the win
ning favorites.
The stewards have made the suspen
sion of Jockey Coombs indefinite. The
boy was suspended for his ride on
Takanaasee on February 23. Results:
First race, handicap, Fix furlongs Lady
Ellerslie won, Cotton Plant second. Merry
I>av third. Time. 1:13%.
Second race, selling, mile and a half.
Possum won. Annie Taylor second, Sadie
Levy third. Time. 2:3fi4.
Third race, New Orleans handicap, mile.
and a quarter. Al Fresco won, Forbush
second, Lady Disdain third. Time. 2:07» .
Fourth race. Crescent City Derby, mile
and an eighth. King Barleycorn 115 (W.
Martin), 2 to 1. won; Elmer S 112 (Knapp),
12 to 1 and 10 to 1. second; Jolly Roger 115
(N Turner), 7 to 1, third. Time. 1:54>4.
Hittick "and Kentucky Colonel also ran.
Elmer S and Hittick coupled in straight
betting.
Fifth race. mile. Isecedah won. Nover
second Wild Tartar third. Time, 1:42%.
Sixth race, selling, mile. Lucky Monday
T -.^ n Tn^oria second, Nannie L third.
Time, 1:48.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Feeding the Fire.
The most powerful engine must stop if
the fires are not fed. Man is the most won-
derful piece of machinery in the world, yet
no matter how strong and well-made his
bodily frame may be, if the fire of life
within him is not constantly fed his limbs
and muscles become powerless and useless.
The reason men become helpless and
diseased is because the food they eat,
■which is the fuel of life, is not properly
digested and appropriated by the stomach
and nutritive organs. It is not completely
transformed into the strength and working
power which is to man what steam is to
the engine. . .
That wonderful power-making Golden
Medical Discovery," invented by Dr. R. V.
Pierce chief consulting physician of the
Invalids' Hotel and Surgical Institute, of
Buffalo, S. V., imbues the human diges-
tive juices and blood-making glands with
capacity to extract abundant nourishment
from the food. It builds up organic tissue,
nerve fiber, hard muscular flesh and work-
ing force. 'It gives a man steam.
What it did for Mr. F. S. Hughes of Junction.
Hunterdon Co , N. J.. is given in his own words.
He writes: "I received your kind letter, and
iv reply would say that mine was a bad case of
kidney and liver {rouble, and that six bottles of
Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery and four
bottles oflittle ' Pellets ' effected a complete cure.
It is well known that almost every eugineer Jf
troubled more or less with kidney trouble, especi-
ally on our fast express trains. I run one hun-
dred and forty-four miles on these trains every
day in the week, and have had no return of the
trouble since taking the remedies, nearly tars*
years ago." ?"•':' .' "**••
THREE POWERS
WORK IN ACCORD
Modification of the Ber
lin Treaty.
IT RELATES TO TAXATION
GERMANY ASSENTS TO THE
NEW PLAN.
But the Kingship of Samoa Is a
Question That Cannot Be Def
initely Settled for Some
Time.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. March 25.— The Her
ald's Washington correspondent sends
the following: As showing that the
signatory powers to the Berlin treaty
are acting in harmony in the discus
sion of questions arising out of the
present Samoan situation, I learned to
day that an agreement has been
reached respecting a modification of
the treaty in regard to taxation, and
authority has been given for the
Municipal Council of Apia, with the ap
proval of the Chief Justice, to pass a
law imposing hard labor.
"While these two points are not in j
themselves important, an official with !
whom I talked told me that they
showed harmony between the three !
powers. Both propositions were adopted
on the suggestion of the United States,
the assent of Germany being presented !
to Secretary Hay to-day. This country i
suggested that the consent of two pow- \
ers would be sufficient, but in her re- '■
ply Germany expressly stipulates that ,
her agreement is made with the under- !
standing that her consent does not es- I
tablish a precedent for the solution of j
Samoan questions according to ma- j
jorities. By this action the German
Government prevents the United States
and Great Britain from uniting against .
German wishes to set up^iaiietoa Tanu [
as King.
The German Embassador on Thurs
day presented a note to the Secretary
of State, embodying his Government's
views on the duties of naval command
ers in Samoan waters. Some appr>-h»-n
--sion was felt in Berlin that Rear Ad
miral Kautz might exceed his powers
and create new complications.
Germany is understood to be urging
that the Berlin treaty be adhered to
in the settlement of pending questions,
and as the United States and Great
Britain also wish a strict interpreta
tion of the treaty there should be no
trouble in reaching a satisfactory
agreement.
I understand the proposition made by
this Government respecting taxation
authorized the collection of taxes out
side as well as inside of the municipal
boundaries of Apia. The object >>f this
proposition, of course, is to increase
the revenues of the island in order that
the expenses of the signatory powers
may be reduced. Under the terms of
the treaty the Municipal Council is
authorized to inflict adequate pt-nalties
including imprisonment for violation of
the treaty, under the regulations of the
council, but by the agr>-i-nirnt of tho
powers hard labor is added to the sen
tence which it may in future impose.
It is no longer denied in official cir
cles that the kingship question is an
important one which was to be dis
cussed, as the Herald stated, by the
three consuls on board the flagship
Philadelphia, the only foreign warship
now in the harbor. While the authori
ties are hopeful that an agreement will
be reached it is regarded as extremely
doubtful that such will be the case, and
it is. to prevent the American com
mander from adopting thr> vif-w of the
British and American Consuls, in case
of failure to agree, that the German
Government desired the administration
to understand how it regarded the
proposition of the naval commander in
Samoan waters as determined by the
terms of the Berlin act.
The German Government feels that
Mataafa is overwhelmingly popular,
having been elected by a vote of six
times as gTeat as that received by
Tanu, and that as the purpose of the
act ■was to give a popular government
to the natives t.hey should be allowed
to select their own King. On tire other
hand, the American and British gov
ernments claim that Mataafa is barred
by the Berlin act; that the decision of
the Chief Justice was proper, and that
they propo^j to stand by it. It is ex
pected that the matter will finally be
discussed directly by the three govern
ments. In the meantime nothing has
been done looking to the withdrawal of
Herr Rose or Chief Justice Chambers.
HARPER TALKS IN
STANFORD CHAPEL
Pleasing Address to the
Students.
Special Dispatch to Th« r"all.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March
25.— President Harper gave a pleasing
talk to the students in the chapel this
! morning on Chicago University and its
| similarity to Stanford. The address
j was an Informal one and it was only
A£ a favor to Dr. Jordan that the visit.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 26, 1899.
THE EMPORIUM-
I EASTER SALE ASSSS^^r CONVINCING PRICES \
i . High-Art Easier , . The Easter Decorations for the coming week will be unusually hand- Easter Candies. ♦
I Ciothinta for Boys. some. The main aisle from the door to the rotunda will be in white— dozens of Special Easter Candy *
* Our clothing this season is better than graceful lily-bedecked arches, with immense white bells made of handkerchiefs. The Easter windows £^ a i $0 p ane Boxes and <
* ever, it seems as though the pinnacle of will be the most elaborate ever seen in this city. Novelties fo r the holidays. %
I J? e a?pS e « re^.t^^ Exhibition of Original Drawings of the pictures that will appear Fine3t French Mixed can di - crib j
* Guaranty— a guarantee that warrants j n Scribner's Magazine for April, by special arrangement with the publishers. (3"ito"for*if»lMl) "*
I f h e lie a and fa mTk n e8o O urrS"SBdnteiy The Emporium Economist, our beautiful, fully illustrated catalogue of Aii-Nut Taffies-V. .....1...........||c J
* safe place to trade. ... spring and summer goods, is out and will be sent free to any out-of-town address on application. ouTFrenc^ \bL.'.'.'.'.sOc Z
* _ o«f/£°^f i '■ ~ " "~~ A r. ,r-ii v 7 ~~~ French Salted Almonds— per lb SOC «
* jcS^n Suits of CiffprinaS fnr Filter in Exclusive An Ideal Collection of _ '■•<♦
* f*^T beautiful im- vjjenng* jor taster in exclusive r-%**4 <£ m ti9 «• We put up our fine candies m }
% trffr Cx P ° rted gFR k Dff*GS§ GOO sis* EL£2s***f?* %frBSB€&B tin boxes for country shipment *
* 6cn <^b\ check b worat- v , " j ,  • a Our attractive showing of Spring and Summer without extra charge. rj
i y^4 A^nGs STSweld em- + . Yo « won't find a commonplace pattern in the embraces eV ery fashionable weave, color, blend- " J
* a °^ ported gray entire large assortment of wool and silk and wool and £.*&&*& worth and r i ch ness, combined tin _ boxes for country shipment 1
<<&b\ check b wor°at- v . - 3 ' - a Our attractive showing of Spring and Summer without extra charge. *
A^nCS 2 ! shield em- You won't find a commonplace pattern m the embraces eV ery fashionable weave, color, blend- - J
Xi\ °)& broidered, entire large assortment of wool and silk and *,00l and attern __ true wor th and richness, combined Faster Offtrinpin ♦
£ LI ° Id* T^ large sailor dress fabrics that we have gathered for spring and with prices that seem absurdly low when the fabrics Women's Shoes. *
* %X < K&Y fonfbC summer m Temptingly low are the prices for are c P refully examined . Ladies' Black " J
*' F \W\"' one of the qualities SUCh as these : 2 4-inch Striped Taffeta— a good, firm, heavy silk in a full line Vici Kid Lace / A \ «
* i ! ts==jy7Y,;|ffip>f-j most aristo- 45-inch- Black WhiftCOrd -a very dressy and o new spring colorings, including Modes, Bluet, Navy, Tur- Shoes — fancy 4/yS7 *
A i / /K'Tia<^ cratic Bailor stylish cloth, per yard '.....$l.OO quoise- marked instead of $1.25 per yard Sf.OO silk vesting V .7 *^ ===^ r i? i
t WL W^r'.^: ,«««* S^* ; fenetfan-Coth B n»h, ....f our ™{^J^^ SEr^3=^"«^^[l! S£™tj^ J
* (j $7.50 most popular cloths for tailor suits, per yard »I.OU . rioh gnd exqu j B i te colorings for spring waists— in new patent leath- M '^J^f^UVA, «
t At Isast $2 co sand 'on this ar- inch Black Prfffiel/a-the very handsomest of_ all gha - des flf tan> heliotrope, turquoise, etc., per yard.* er tips-turn- V \Wtp/% ".' .' *
£ At least #2.50 sj-o/a you on mis ar the new weaves, splendid value at (per yard) $1.75 21-inch Black Satin Pekin Stripes— handsome, lustrous and a edsewed soles »i j^Wfel'/J? *
5 C Sailor Suits of imported light- See OUT Window display Of 'Black good serviceable fabric-very stylish for Dress Skirts and -Louis XV VijP^P. . %
* colored English cheviot, exclusive in pat- Fabrics. Mohair Blister, Crepons and Silk Shirt Waista-per yard S/.00 -madeonthe *
* OS^^ta^bb^oTS ■ and Wool Souffle Efftcts. Price } 7 . 50, $8, Some Very Special Values in most fashion- ! ?
{ favorite. Sizes 3to lOyears at..57.50 $ 9 , $12 and $, ? . 5 O per Sl«7. • CMiißm GI&SS f shapely la'ts and in the latest designs of " *
* Sailor Suits — English serge, 46-inch Plnhoad Checks and Hair Striped - uppers by leaders of style in ladies' fine
* cheviots, navy blue, collar and shield Suiting— very latest fabric for tailor suits, new colorings, Bm£slMffSßssm shoes— all sizes and widths. $3*50 <<"
T trimmed after an idea of our own with brown, green, tan, steel gray and blue gray, dress "^ < Ladies' Chocolate, Color Vici Kid Lace <#•
. J fine quality black braid; $6 50 wouldn't pattern - ••• • $4.50 B! V*»i»~v Semi-Porcelain Chamber Set, 6 pieces, — fancy silk vesting cloth tops — 'ft
Jbe too much to ask for them— material 46-inch 'iYovelfy Suiting -handsome designs, suit- \.W*3^\ brown and P encil decorations, the latest designs of uppers-new coin toes— ' J
* and style considered— -our price for ab i for spring wear, very latest mixtures of lavenders, blues, /^S )} 5et......... 51.90 chocolate color kid tips— turned sewed }
* sizes 3to 12 years is only $5.00 a **, tans, greens a nd browns, complete costume $6.00 (^mSvJ . Semi ? Porcelain Chamber Set 10 goles-Louis XV French heels, correct in }
* n ,. a ' An U'nnl k'noß Pantq in new ... it. j ii- v j «v*S;r>N. pieces, brown and green decorations, style and color — better values cannot be *i
* Sterns a tSOc. We at" giv in/th^ . 46-inch WffOH/>eujc-durable ana stylish and pro, 1 CS| J M2£gj» those '. $2.25 produced-all B i*es and widths.. $3.50 *
» patterns, at OUU* »c are giving mo we ght for spring wear, shades of tan, iron and steel cray : .1 V*^-___ - — L-^r) T . taat y Z.
* best values in our history at this email .. Htl ? «* C^o»s-suit aW , for 59.00 V=--> -V iV» P |! ExquMely Z~~. Ideas ,n «
* Easter Offering of tumes, rich colorings in pearl gray, tan, blue gray and French Porcelain D.nner Set, set 103 /^§^7^^^>cA EaStCr NCGnWCarm
■♦ nn —^« U/iAlrufoof* blue, complete costume 513.50 pieces for 12 persons, light blue M^^J^t^^-^^^j^^ San Francisco's most notable display 2>
» Men S PieCKWear. decorations $11. SO Y3 'l&*°**sr --*^>^Jt? of Scarfs, Jabots, Garnitures, Boas and *<
* Modestly put. we think we have the Offerings of Correct Style, High-Grade The same set, 52 pieces, for 6 \HW^ggog^igjCjttf other fashionable neck dressings. When <*
* swellest neck- .■" . * mmm m ' m m m persons, at $6.85 Mg — Zfr&Mj&f t&Ts you have seen them you will realize how ♦
* XTp^M f% Easter Wash Fabrics. o ___ <Smg^* °% tb 2oS Ipra1 pr a M un, |
!|k of 50c New col- /£• «] Zonhyr Ginghams— Another shipment just from the / -ft» "J> j T-^^ ?^^\ ,t j „ , inn Scarfs, with prettily embroidered ends— i
* ors, new weaves, ? W looms in Scotland— dainty raised thread weaves— some with (Pi Lpf/)' - Z^l j) Carlsbad China Dinner Set, 100 each : % $1.25, 75c and 50c J
* new shapes only Sr^X silk stripes— the kind so much in favor for suits and waists— \AMy JC^L// pieces for 12 persons, violet or Twice Around Chiffon Scarfs, with ap- *
* a few days front /^LfV in perfect colorings-per yard 25c /_ IiV(A 'i/\f P ink ■ flower and gold «i£? /??i • ' pliqued Honiton ends-a very effective «
* the originators' ]W g 1 I /\ Madras— A good facsimile of the foreign goods-made c^Ui S5^J- fty the set, like picture...— Jbl».UU gcarf— each $1-75 «
T hands. Puffs, / /jK^i l^A:f \ in this country— equally fine in thread— not the printed kind, \OT 74-4\ Same 8et ' 52 160^' '„ Wash Lawn or Net Jabots and Stock ♦
Tecks, Imperials, /M^&^, X? ? but woven colors— inches wide— per yard I2u.C - «==» — ■* persons $13.25 Collar, neatly trimmed in Valenciennes J
£, Four - hands, W /eSg^3\ |$ I Oxfords— real Scotch and English productions— Clear Glass Breakfast Set, sugar, button lace or embroidery — each 3,
*. Band Bows, etc., \__ <^^^\ JO double thread weave— 'in fancy stripes and plain mixed effects spooner and creamer - 40c pn $1.25, 75c and 50c
*in a bewildering '//|K?I V~^v — a grand shirting and outing dress fabric— per yard 35c Pressed Glass Cake Salvers ISC j 1 Choice novelties in _>—^ *
* profusion. See 'i!^&/ Dimities — Those ever-useful warm weather fabrics, light Engraved Glass Syrup Cup, patent top, nickel t=~l ready-to-wear Cascade /^7*k^^\ *
T them in texture and dainty in appearance colorings that will retain plated 25c V"s, >. stock Collar and Jabot J*^ t" : zj\ ♦
* or- ' T~^7 11/1,,-f* their perfection- per yard Isc Decorated Porcelain Limp, with 7-inch / jk\ —made of very fine \f~ -^4 *
J tMCn S DIOCR ana W Mie White Organdies— Last years unusually large busi- shade to match 98c X ' >r white lace and chiffon ■(i **/ J
* raejpM ShirtS 33 C. ness in white goods induced us to import very largely this sea- Celebrated Nickel Juno Center Draft Lamp, • — exquisite for Easter X.2* J 2!
* fc . aol . C ' . ,"'*' r',,,. , d son— opened a solid case of good sheer White Organdy- 68 like picture, complete with 10-inch white W~Wj wear— each $4.50, /..iV^/.. «
* Newlork is inducing n a Black and inches w ,- de L Dr i ce only, yard '. 35c \ dome shade $1.50 %W $3.50 and $2.50 W/M^rZslsC\ «
» White Shirt craze. We help you keep up p rlnt ed Lappet Organdies V fashionable Engraved Glass Gas Globes 20c If * Ostrich Feather Boas pMffifL ?
»to date by showing you a handsome as- nn^™ inted colorings are a sheer fabric with raised | Decorated Gold-Edge ,<d3gx -made of select rich WMH^ *
* sortment as plain or js fancy as you thre^l in gtri and faßcy e ffects-and are a very popular China Cuspidores-each £££££» glossy black feathers- MDsk ♦
J wish They came to us Thursday Our effective material-about 100 different styles-per yard ... ; V^/ 45c 36 inches long-excep- /It'pVV *
J price is but 9oc. lou will benefit your ana en xi c _ k /^H^M.-A Square Semi-Porcelain Platters, 15-inch, tional values-at.. . : ffWtS\ 2
pock by comparing the make and ma- SUkStripO Outing f/a/lfiefe-Scotch Fine TwiJ.ed (- '^m) light pink decoration 65C $10.50 XJ^W\A Z
* tern! with ordinary $1.00 sorts. As for Flannels light in weight, choice in styles, with silk stripes- %^^ Semi-Porcelain Soup Plates, light pink Just received a choice &^r\ M I
* fit, we know them to be perfection. cojorajast£will not shrink-37 inches wide-per yard-50c 1 >> >^_=S^ decoration, set of 6 58c assortment of all-over ?
imm * splendid Bargain in Easter Ribbons. " High Grade Easter Jewelry. JJJTi SfnJU umbk a n- *
* men s UnaerWCar. 2000 varrtB of h h Nove]ty Fancy Easter Hosiery. Cold-filled Twisted wire Beauty Pins- of the latest style Parisian Lace Robes- J
*.. Excellent fitting, fine quality Camel's -Ribbons. 3'^, and 4 inches wide, all the Ladies' Imnorted T .. Thread Hose 6 for ' • 25c made on i glace foundation, net of «?£•■■■?
* Hair Shirts and Drawers-well finished- new weave f and .S^ He^fXf'T^ \«^ ble^soTes, h^h Stick Pins-enameled Flowers, assorted • J J^»^ trimmed "* BlurMd Mtltt |
£ EaSter PUrSeS. Anewlotof #^#(A' bine, cardinal, lavender, gold, and Nile Enameled Cuff Pras-per pair.. ....... .1ac GrOCBrV SIfSCCSBisT «
I Ladies- Combination Card Cases gg »■ IS»15I IP^f SSHS S!^
* and Pocket Books— " ing several hun- JSIWU^S ton Hose, regular made feet. French toes, Hat Pins-colored 0ne5... .25c and 50c the-week grocery sales Ask for our j
I -s?r d^^^ dred pieces of mIIB J fine ribbed, the finest quality Maco cotton Hat Pms-rolled gold cluster and col- Grocery Price List for March-compare I
* -colored leath- fiS^SSu-^ ! 4-inch all - silk g^^^g^ ! with silk finish, no better slocking in the ored stones.SOc and 75c, $1 to $2.50 our always lowest prices wth those o U |
* ers. well- made, fe-."^^^^ I Plaid and Dres- mUH'p'W&l ! mark «t for wear and appearance, per Waist Sets-with 4 large buttons.. formerly paid We wish to ""press the J
£ on'v SOC #^H den weaves. 3f.c f «^» pair ■=■ 20c E !||ipli#ig fact that quality « a prime eonsuUra- I
t fenuineS?" QU^^^^i and 45c value- J^^T Enameled Brooc^c.-flower designs.. „<>«. Inferior artices do not Jnd shelf *
I leather lined, \%& ' per vard....29c 25c and 50c room here, so do _ not be misled by the
* neatly finished....' ©ir'^Wfr • „ D,.   . *^ Enameled Tie Hold- lowness of our prices. ■ -^
I Tieativ 75c j^^^ '^ml ' Ynur Fatter Neck Ribbons and Two Reliable Lines Of sjf er , ...loc and 25c 75 dozen onlv— l-lb tins Dessert Black- *
SJlii li^P*pPig foster «/» rfemear. j(£# *«£! l|ip^fS^|
{ seal trimming in- . EJ^igg>lJ *v experts— free Of charge— at the Ladies' Spun-Silk Vests, Swiss ribbed, Mr\ /Vv sole Bracelet— full ' 50 dozen only— Columbus Tomatoes— J
* Bide 85c ' Ribbon Section. fancy embroidered around neck, colors /ft' \ / v\ size, plain 75c while quantity lasts to close out the lot— ■ J
A. Genuine Seal — leather lined, all shades, i pink, sky blue, cream, lavender and Rj . \■/ 1?| Sterling Silver, 925- per can ..7c
» block bottom $1.00 . . " black, each 75c M •' \ / W 1000 fine, Nether- 16 dozen, only— Eagle Table Apncots— v •
* Genuine Alligator - Block bottom. M on Obens <At>ril I—Are You Ladies' Swiss Jersey Ribbed Lisle Thread " \!f # sole Bracelet-full . while quantity lasts to. close out the lot jj.
$— - - - 50 ° Fishing Tackle? -h s oc s^^^ : fere* t*.* *»**,»* j*^o |
T An Easier Offering in Look over your fly and tackle book and . and Comb in satin case $2.10 (there is none better than this blend) *,
S Cm—** i f/fffAf*C pee what is wanted for this year's fishing regularly 35c lb— week...... 300
J rtnG B-K*i**UM 9. eeason. We have everything that you dOCK, $4.75 m 1000 lbs Sultana Seedless Raisins— reg- ■„ 2 '
T Especial attention is caUed to the possibly need. Note our extra low „ Fhon ; 7pd Wood Mantel Clock— trilt or * TO«, «, nlarly 8c lb— will be sold this week at.... £
J Old Government Bourbon at 95c. Where pr ice s_lower than ever. Ebon ized Wood Mantel Uock gUt^or J} Splendid Value in s*o +
*. ITE\ can you get it wholesale at . Fine Split Bamboo Rod, Dronze '~ l <^y /^°^^,N^ Btlt^^f^ fM~ ~ A. Roche Imported Sardines— Ks— reg- .<«•
,*> » this remarkable price? j^ / 10 or 10^ feet— fly l r ™" J^ 7 "[&>s?& Hk IWEen S CxiOVeS. ularly 10c tin— this week So <*
* PS Good. Bourbon Whiskey— /^ / or bait— nickel mmgN tIW H9 (l <JBH ?-f HI *w a w^w^'irM rin^= , 10 oz Candles— this week 6 for So *
* \Z\ our $2 50 per gallon quality- /<^VC mounted-silk wrap- I™*, W- %? ;^»J Men Heavy Kid Gloves-one-clasp 1U ° . ; «
* * all this week $2.00 V\X{\Sf\ ped tie guys-cork J ials ' half " t « pique ■t,tchm -we .ll and stoutly made- . Especially. Good Values in •*
* s Hood Sherry Wine — our V YaK'l p " •„ *,* A Jr" „ hour en- j^^rj^^^'-rS-^^^ splendid fitting — sizes and many \, y _ ' -• - ,_ *
I /i ? mNslSi .pefSlon grade, aU i^ a g nTbag W ° «io! thedral shades-per pair $/.00 Blanket* Sheets. J
J(^ =i this week 98c ffIJWK Very good 3-foot Sin- g . on a < ggnTr _ , ilf^ Good White Biankets—Ot J
* £S"».ia"lj California Sauterne— a very M. I lu\ gle Leaders— 3 for 7 in/'ifit/in,!^ ,n..,.n^ M7^ ' best Oregon wool— 7 lbs weight— odd lots «
J KSlbiioV fine quality, 5 years old, regu- TjK^J\ •• 5c day, 11.^x16-;, inches, guaranteed..s4.7s Fe»*4**~ O«^f^ —slightly imperfect-a $7.50 per pair *
* hlS^larly 75c gallon, this Week.... l/7\ Heavy tront 3-foot • K.4M9M9Sr BOOKS. value— to be .cosed out at $5.5Q ♦
* n«u».^ ■■■■■■■■ 830 Vi\~\j Double Leaders.. Jo French Morocco Bagster Bible— Fine White Blankets— *
* .Jt'.'.r" Old Government .Bourbon- J^Aj^ Extra heavy trout 3- « civ THmmintlS ' B^xs M inches, divinity circuit, red under wool-size 66x80 inches-s|b3 weight- J
J ■ .„.."". - 10 , pr ,° 0 *;, 1 tle vj? b ? Zf^ttr foot Single Leaders.. ; AfCW Mr limning* . edges, linen lined, publisher's price a special value-per pan-.... $3.95*
J LJZy re g g ar' arl y 51-50 bottle- this Go NeW ButtOnS. |2.10-our price 95c Bed Sheets-^ ell made from J
» «-^ week 950 '(///< Pure Silk Lines "** French Morocco Bagster Bible-same g°« d undressed sheet.ng-for double
* Or you may have Old Gov't Special Re- 25c, 35c and 400 Spangled Bow Knots— 3 sizes— each.... jas above, except leather lined, publisher's beds— 81x90 inches— each *5O f
* serve— distillery bottling, at same price Linen Lines— upward fr0m....... 7© 45c, 75c and 51. 25 price $2.35— 0ur price. .... ' $1.1 0 c TZTTc^/,, nf '2
* if preferred. Cotton Lines— from So Spangled all-overs Black and Colored— Postage 15c extra on above. four OJ v
» -Extra fine quality of Flies— standard pat- per yard $2.50, $3.50 and $5.00 Full line of all sizes and grades and Confirmation ,2.
I Soaps, Perfumes, Cosmetics for terns— per dozen 350 Spangled Garnitures— ..„.. editions of Bibles— prices.. ..9sc to $3 . AI/Ac *
* r^«^f* Toitets Hooks— Allcock superior single Carlyle— $1.00, $1.50 and $2.50 Complete assortment of Episcopal ■• • • WirtgSfm^
* „T" . I ♦ v;lr JIS^ »*«. per dozen ...We Braid Skirt and Waist Sets— each........ Prayer Books. Hymnals of the new and 2-clasp White Kid Gloves, with white «
* Eastman 8 Easter Violet Extract, 0Z.33C Hooks-Allcock superior double Carlyle— $2.25, $3.50 and $5.00 standard designs, marked to sell at our embroidery-all sizes-every pair fitted *
» California Violet Toilet Water, 2_oz per dozen..... fso Skirt Panels-bent and plain-each usual telling prices. ■ ' ..' -per pair 850 ♦
* bottle 25c; 4-oz. bottle.. •••••- 5Uc Hooks— finest single Carlyle— $1.75, $2.50, $3.50 and $5.00 our Btock of Catholic Prayer Books ■ 2-clasp White Kid Gloves, with white «
i'n,M c. Cie Violet, lean a lapagne per dozen tso Jeweled and Enameled Buttons— beaut- contains many sizes and editions at embroidery— pair fitted— pair.. J
» Toilet Soap, box 3 cake 5....... ■■•••* SC Hooks— Allcock finest double Carlyle— iful and correct styles— dozen... prices which range from. ....■.......:..:.. .:.... $1.00 I
J 'TJourjois" La Clatante Face Powder, per dozen 2Oc 15c to $5.00 r * 200 to $4. SO 2-clasp White French Kid Gloves— J
* p a t es ' , ■;■" 'ai''Ba'th'Tabiets"hichly _ _^^ ■■■■•■ am Easter Cards and • white embroidery— all sizes— every pair *•
4> m«p lisfpmtpd bottle. ... ... ..........25c Boxes, '•/' Books, KaH BmraSßH SLHipill "^•••"" HtvL bqß SB 9 E9mHsHE3 ' newest creations of , .. J . »«<r-r n - ,7 *•■
* ...ry Maid C, m pl. J ion Soap box 3 u^.r 80,.,. Sp,n. 1 g^P' »«<! "" " I Ti CtaiaLus "c.rf if A t.k. quality, m ak, up, fit and *
| g e"ge Pf Qoidenftßflle BAZaLA^ 6^^ W^^a Gloves-al, J
J ll ®=wCisri=nsrfS I . CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE. *»-•»•« . Bizes _ per pair ...........v.^ |
ing educator would consent to speak of
the work of his own university.
The speaker first called attention to
the friendly relations existing between
the two colleges, due to the fact that
both undertook their great work at
about the same time and that their
aims were similar. He pointed out the
advantages that both possessed in be
ing upon private foundations and free
from any responsibility to politicians.
State institutions, he claimed, were as
much a necessity as private ones, how
ever.
"They are," he said, "the two arms,
and with either gone education would
be lamed.
"It is a remarkable thing," he con
tinued, "that the newest two of the
great institutions of learning should be
THE EMPORIUM.
opened as the present wave of higher
education began to spread over the
country. Now there are twice as many
students preparing for college as there
were ten years ago, and there is no
longer the absurd cry of 'too many in
stitutions.' This can never be, for it
is Impossible to have too many colleges
as long as they are properly equipped."
In speaking of the differences be
tween the two colleges. President Har
per called attention to Stanford's 8000
acres and Chicago's twenty-seven; to
our freedom and open air work and
their cramped quarters in a crowded
city. The greatest difference, he said,
was in Stanford having its benefactress
near the university and interested in
every detail of the work.
"Chicago," he said, "misses her great
THE EMPORIUM.
friend, for he has visited her only one
day since his millions endowed- her.
Both are doing the same work, but they
believe in pursuing different methods."
In conclusion the noted teacher told
of the work Chicago University was
doing. He spoke of its labors along ex-
I tension lines, the extent nf which made
it necessary to have a separate faculty
to lecture throughout different States
and conduct educational work without
the college walls, making it possible
for those who were not fortunate
enough to go to college to acquire an
education. His college, he said, stood
for two other principles— the necessity
of assisting the weaker colleges to be
come strong, or, in other words, affilia
tion, instead of the exclusiveness of the
older Eastern universities, and the
THE EMPORIUM.
economy of shortening the vacations.
In reference to the latter principle he
said:
"The long summer vacation is a dis
tinct injury, especially to children of
the public schools. Chicago believes it
is not reasonable to suppose students
and professors need sixteen weeks rest
out of the year. If the time is em
ployed by the students to earn money
for college or the professors to do in
dividual research work it is different.
If employed merely for rest it is ab
surd. Men who have the burdens of the
world on their shoulders do not need
so much time for idleness. Why should
healthy students waste so much time?"
He ended his talk by congratulating
Stanford on the fact that her average
student came to her from a home over
THE EMPORIUM.
1000 miles distant and advocated that
the Southern boy should go North, the
Eastern boy come West and the West
ern boy study in the East, if he would
be broadened, for. in his mind, there
was much in the story that tho narrow
est man in the world was the one who
was born in Boston and educated there,
obtaining a degree from Harvard and
settling in Massachusetts for life.
Dr. Harper's tribute to Dr. Jordan
was a glowing one. He said no act in
the history of education for the last
half-century was greater in strength
and nerve and result than that accom
plished by President Jordan at Stan
ford University.
Advances made on furniture and planoe, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 MlMlon.
56
SUNDAY  /. . MARCH 26, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address Ail Communications, to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St*-. S. F.
Telephone Main IS6S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS ~..2i7 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents. .
Terms by Mail. Including Postage: ■
DAILY CALL (inrludir.r Sunday Call), one year f6.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL t Including Sunday Call). 3 months 1-30
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «3c
EUXDAY CALL One Year 1.50
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1-CO
All postmaster* are authorized to racoive subscriptions.
.£aropi« copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE. Room ISB. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising, Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE. Wellington Motel
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquetto Building
C. GEORGE K22CGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAHistar street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 6!5 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-IS4I Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- £291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth,, open until 9 o'clock 2513
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- K)6 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until S:3O o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Co!ur::b;s.— "R b Roy" to-morrow night.
- Mikado."
Alcai^r— "Xerveß."
jm— Vaudeville.
Alhambra— "La Belle Marie."
ira House— Th« Southwell Opera Company, -Sat
arday -
. Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
ar.d evening.
01ympia-Ccrr-.fr Mason sad Ellis streets, Specialties.
R<< reation ball.
Union I ' :-<r.i; Park- -(.'■.. ursing to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By O. H. Cmbsen & Co.— Monday, March 27, at 12 o'clock
m., at 14 Montgomery street. Real Estate.
indjfe & Co.— Tuesday. March, 2S. at 12 m.,
.'■:?taie.
THE FIRST DUTY_OF THE CITY.
A THOUSAND things in the way of improve
ment and reform await the action of the offi
cials or the citizens of San Francisco, and may
be permitted to wait for some time, but there is One
gto be done at onee — a better home and abiding
place must be prepared for the unfortunates who are
smitten with pestilential diseases.
5 of these dread pests are not criminals,
and yet the community for its own. protection im
prisons them in a hospital shut out from the world
at large. The very nature of their affliction deprives
them of the ordinary and fashionable ministrations
larity. They cannot be visited by the members
.vcr mission?, nor cheered by the consola
of friends or relatives. They are cut off from
the common intercourse of men, and in their isola
tion are speedily overlooked and almost forgotten.
Even the official world neglects them, and it would
that they nre out of the pale of humanity.
a imposed upon them is not in itself
wrong. It is necessary for the general good. Science
commends, law authorizes it, and religion approves
it. Nevertheless, science, law and religion alike de
mand that it should be accompanied by every alle
gation that civilization can provide. The home of
the unfortunates should be comfortable, it should be
clean, warm and suitable to the needs of the sick. It
something of brightness to lighten the
gloom of its halls and to relieve as far as possible
the depression that falls upon its inmates in their
loneli:
The building which San Francisco has provided for
the unfortunates is the very reverse of all • that it
should be. It has not one redeeming quality. It is
hardly more than a shanty, and is a very dilapidated
shanty at that. A member of The Call staff who vis
ite.d the place reports that the walls are so insecure
have to be propped up to prevent them from fall
ing. The decayed rafters cannot hold the roof boards
and the shingles nailed upon them. The shingles are
swept off from time to time by the wind, and when
the rains come the water drips into almost every
apartment in the building.
The scenes described by our reporter need no
strong language to make them impressive to the un
derstanding. On beds upon which sick patients are
lying, to prevent the whole bed from being saturated
buckets have to be placed to catch the water as it
drips. In the dining-room the table has been
crowded to one corner to avoid the rain. Pools of
water lie upon the floors in bedrooms, dining
rooms and corridors. The whole place is in a state of
dilapidation and reeks with the foulness of decay
which the best efforts of the nurses and those in
charge are unable to overcome.
It is not worth while to say of -this that it is a dis
grace to the city. Any comment would but be a
waste of words. The only thing to say is that a new
home for pest-stricken patients must be provided at
once. The case appeals to municipal duty and to pri
vate charity, and before another Sunday dawns upon
us something should be undertaken to relieve the
sufferings of those who have so many claims upon
humanity.
THE PIPE OF DISCORD.
HpHE pipe of peace long ago won a place in his
tory. Now comes the pipe of discord, a per
son named Smith having smoked it in an Ore
gon sanctuary during service, and, having been
bounced therefrom, ultimately fetching up in the
Police Court. What his sentence will be the world
waits to hear.
Smith ought to have known better. If he went
to church in contemplation of ensconcing himself in
a pew and there enjoying a smoke he might at least
have paid to the place and occasion the tribute of a
new pipe and some rniid tobacco. But no. Smith had
the sort of pipe which encountered in the open air
jars the senses, which in a close room, reposing un
lighted in the pocket, is a thing of terror, but which
going full tilt makes strong men turn pale. Smith
was guiity of the further solecism of using a grade of
wft>d suspected of containing leather, wool, rubber —
in fact, almost anything but tobacco. Doubtless the
wretch also scratched a match on the seat of his pew.
We have no desire to interfere with the adminis
tration of justice in Oregon, or to advocate the
obliteration of Smith under a crushing penalty. We
merely suggest that even if he escape mundane pun
ishment, the man who smokes in church seems in a
fair way to get, ultimately, more smoking than he
likes. Perhaps his better nature can be appealed to
and the sinner induced to do his loafing in a tannery,
where his environment would match him, and there
unmolested run his little garbage crematory.
It seems that Bryan still has the privilege of dining
with one of the Belmonts, anyhow.
THE FATALITIES OF Wflß.
AT the beginning of the Spanish war The Gall
roused attention to the need of Red Cross
work, not only for the battle-field and the suf
ferers in action at arms, but for those sickened with
the diseases of the camp. In that connection we said
the deaths by disease would be rive to every one in
battle.
The officials have compiled the casualties from the
outbreak of the war to the first of the current month.
In that time the army lost in battle and by wounds
472 men and the navy 18, making a total of 490. In
the same period the navy lost by disease 56 men and
the army 5277, a total of 5333. Nearly eleven men
lost their lives by disease to one lost by battle. This
is an unusually high percentage. An enlisted man
stands a better chance, by 11 to I, in battle than he
does from disease.
This is largely due to the scene of the. war being
in the tropics. All temperate zone nations that have
carried on war under a vertical sun have had the
same trying experience. In all ages the tropical cli
mate has been a powerful factor in equalizing the na
tives with a superior force and better equipments
composed of temperate zone soldiers.
This is the sorry part of the Philippine problem.
Since the fighting began the reports are generally
confined to casualties in battle, and the deaths by
disease are not transmitted, but it is highly probable
that the proportion of n to i will be maintained or
exceeded.
Before our land forces moved into the tropics
there was propagated a wrong idea about sanitary
conditions, due to the excellent health of the naval
forces. Dewey's men on shipboard in Manila Bay
were in constant good health, and people at home
jumped to the conclusion that the climate was whole
some. But on shipboard the diet and habits of the
men are under strict discipline and regulation. They
drink only distilled water. Their rations are under
rigid inspection. The preparation of their food is
excellent. Their personal cleanliness and immunity
from the filth accumulations of a camp are great
factors. All these things were not considered, and
even the medical officers of the army gave out re
assuring statements about the salubrity of the cli
mate. But experience has shown the difference be
tween ship and shore. On land the thirst of the men
is inordinate and is quenched with water that is filled
with germs of disease. Regulation of a soldier's diet
is not possible as in the case of the sailor's. Con
tact with the poison of tropical soil and exposure to tho
vertical rays of the sun are unavoidable, and no sani
tary precautions can overcome the natural condi
tions, which are fatal to our race, though the natives
withstand them without injury.
Some surprise has been expressed at the anxiety of
the parents and relatives of the First California Vol
unteers for their return from the Philippines. As
readers of the daily papers are aware, this has taken
the form of an organization of parents, which has
held meetings and formally requested the Govern
ment to release that regiment and send it home.
This feeling is due to the information written home
in private letters that are not published, which are
expressive of the miseries of that service.
While the fighting is on letters that tell of organ
ized or individual acts of heroism, or that give
opinions about the campaign, arc written and read
and published, and there is less information about
conditions that are not related to action in the field.
THE "COMPLETED" CITY HALL.
IT is reported that at the next meeting of the Board
of Supervisors the commission which for upward
of twenty years has been engaged in completing
the City Hall will turn it over to the Building Com
mittee. The architect of the commission is going to
make a report upon what it will cost to put the edi
fice in good condition, which includes the adding of
a wainscot of California marble to the main cor
ridors. When this report is presented Supervisor
Holland, as chairman of the Building Committee of
the Supervisors, will move to accept the City Hall
and thereafter responsibility for maintaining and
completing it will be transferred from the City Hall
Commission to the Board of Supervisors.
Early in January last the City Hall Commission
presented its final report and asked -the Supervisors
to take the municipal elephant off its hands, but the
latter declined to do so on the ground that the plumb
ing is in bad shape, that the iron cornices are falling
away, that many of the rooms are unfinished, and
that a great deal of money will have to be expended
before the building is completed. It seems, howeevr,
that the Supervisors have not been able to make
their point. The commissioners have no money with
which to comply with their demands, and it is a case
of either accepting the hall or leaving it without an
owner.
In connection with this matter it is interesting to !
refer to the historical data which appears in the final
report of the City Hall Commission.
The work of excavating for the structure began on
March 28, 1871. The cornerstone was laid on Feb
ruary 22, 1872, and the building was "completed" on
December 30, 1898. The original estimate of the cost i
was $1,500,000. The amount received from the sale I
of the City Hall lots, which it was thought would pay
for all the work, was $953,900. Up to December 30
last the edifice had cost $5,723,987. It is estimated
that it will take $100,000 more to "complete" it.
The total cost so far does not seem extravagant !
v.hen everything is considered in connection with the
City Hall. If we had a building constructed on a
modern plan and furnished with modern improve
ments, supplied with ventilating and heating sys
tems and with rooms adapted for conducting the pub
lic business, perhaps the people would have no
ground for complaint. But in place of a modern City
Hall we have a dark and dismal pile of masonry, un
healthy, cold, unsupplied with ventilation or artificial
heat, designed to exclude sunshine and air, and ar- i
chitecturally a horrible nightmare. Under the cir
cumstances the public has a right to begrudge the
money.
A FLOOD TIDE OF PROSPERITY.
NOW that abundant rains have fallen to assure
good crops and brisk business in the State for
the coming season, the people of California can
with full sympathy note the evidences of prosperity
that come to us from other parts of the Union. Nor
is there any lack of such evidences. They come to us
from every side and from almost every branch of in
dustry.
So notable, indeed, has become the upward ten
dency of all the great interests of the country that the
record of the facts by which the tendency manifests it
self has grown to be one of the conspicuous features
of the news of the day. In the Eastern States, where
the depression of the Democratic tariff days was more
acutely felt than here, there has been a particularly
marked improvement in trade and industry, and with
the increase in the profits of capitalists a proportion
ate increase in the wages of workingmen.
The current number of the American Economist
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. MARCH 26, 1899.
reviews the condition of manufacturing trades in the
Eastern States and notes a large number of instances
where wages have been increased, or notices given of
an increase to take place in the near future. A still
more comprehensive summary has been made for the
Southern Mississippi Valley States by the St. Louis
Globe-Democrat, and the showing there is not less
prosperous than that in the East.
In many of the instances cited the increase of wages
affects large numbers of workingmen. Thus it is re
ported from Boston that cotton mills representing
nearly half the spindles in New England will raise
wages on April 3 by an average of 11 per cent for all
grades of employes. These mills employ nearly 65,
--000 hands. Several of the largest iron and steel manu
facturers of Pennsylvania have raised wages 10 per
cent, and a single one of these, the Bessemer Furnace
Company, has 4000 employes on its payrolls. Similar
good reports are given from the manufacturing dis
tricts of New York, Ohio and West Virginia.
The review made by the Globe-Democrat shows
that since the enactment of the Dingley tariff there
have been established in Missouri new industries
representing aninvestment of $7,682,000 of capital,
employing 8002 persons and paying $3,710,000 an
nually in wages. In Illinois the new industries have
a capital of $2,821,000, employ 3053 persons and pay
$1,351,000 annually in wages. In Kansas $2,084,000
new capital has been invested, furnishing work to
2604 persons and ' paying annually $1,313,000 in
wages. In Texas the investments amount to $915,000.
the number of hands employed to 664, and the annual
wages to $360,000. . In Arkansas the new capital in
vested equals $1,279,000, persons employed 1213, and
wages $1,421,000 annually.
These statistics are very far from representing the
magnitude of the increase of industry and wages, but
they serve to show the tendency now prevailing from
New England to Texas. They attest the value of the
protective tariff to all parts of the Union and to all
classes of citizens. William McKinley has fully justi
fied the people who during the campaign of 1896
gave him the title, "The advance agent of prosper
ity." The flood tide of industrial activity and good
wages has fairly started in the East and is flowing
westward fast. Californians this season may expect
not only good crops but good prices. The outlook
shows something of promise to every hope of the in
dustrious.
EQUALITY BEFORE THE LAW.
THE Arena for March contains an able article
upon the plan of blacklisting adopted by rail
road corporations, and prominently mentions a
case recently decided by the Supreme Court of the
United States, in which the word "liberty" as used
in the fourteenth amendment to the constitution was
construed to include the right to earn a livelihood by
following any legal calling. It also fully refers to a
case lately tried in Chicago in which a former employe
ofthe Chicago and Northwestern Railway Company
had a verdict against that corporation for $21,660 33,
of which $1850 was for actual and $19,816 33 for ex
emplary or punitive damages, because during the
strike of the American Railroad Union in 1894 the
plaintiff, a freight conductor, had quit work and was
afterward discharged from the employment of the
Chicago Great Western through an agreement that
no striker should be employed unless he obtained
what is called a "clearance," that is, the written con
sent of the corporation the- service of which he had
abandoned.
It is satisfactory to note that on the question of
blacklisting, as in other directions, there is some
prospect of a return to equality before the law. Here
tofore there has been decided inconsistency in the
judgments of the courts upon controversies identical
in principle but affecting different interests or differ
ent classes of persons. On behalf of a Chinese laun
dtyman. deprived by an invalid municipal order of
the opportunity to follow his vocation, the late Judge
Lorenzo Sawyer of the United States Circuit Court
delivered an eloquent vindication of the divine in
junction that in the sweat of his face man should eat
bread. But when the Mussel Slough settlers formed
an association to protect themselves against the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company, which, by vir
tue of a local track from Goshen to Huron that hap
pened to be on the line on which the Southern Pacific
railroad ought to have been constructed, claimed
their farms under the grant from the United States, it
required a fearless jury to acquit them of a charge of
conspiracy, to which very severq penalties were at
tached. When the great strike of the American Rail
way Union occurred, that combination to paralyze the
railroad business of the country, which produced
much violence and caused severe commercial and
financial derangement, was justly held to be illegal,
and, for the protection of property and of good or
der, injunction after injunction was issued and en
forced. But for years the equally objectionable al
liance between the railroads to drive their former em
ployes to pauperism or crime by depriving them of
employment, unless they secured the written consent
of the corporations they had formerly served, was
permitted to stand without question.
It is idle to talk of equality before the law as a
birthright of American citizens, protected by the Fed
eral constitution, when the same fact is declared legal
in one case and illegal in another, when a railroad
combination to oppress labor is sustained and a labor
combination to assail capital is destroyed. There is
but one law in the United States for all. and every in
dication that inequalities in its administration are
being rectified is an additional evidence of the suffi
ciency of our institutions.
When the people of the South start out on a negro
hunt they may have some shadow of excuse not dis
cernible at this distance, but they ought not to say
that the negroes had deliberately planned the inaug
uration of a race war. That sort of a story might go
in the section which hunts colored men when 'pos
sums are out of season, but it doesn't go here. When
the negroes decide to indulge in suicide they will
doubtless choose some less distressing method. There
is an explanation due, of course, but when it. involves
that the negroes down there are all idiots, and the
white men elsewhere as markedly deficient, it is not
acceptable.
There is now a school furniture combination, and
if it can do a thing to the taxpayers of the community
that the late Board of Education didn't do, it is an I
alert and powerful affair.
Gavigan does not seem likely to get that soft job
so cleverly worked through the Legislature for him.
What's the matter with his going to work like other
people?
If the Czar yearns for peace he ought to spend some :
of the money now going for arms and munitions of ,
war in buying bread for his starving subjects.
There is a possibility that the Younger brothers
may be paroled from prison. The idea is that they
are older brothers now, and know better.
The press censor at Manila ought to let a few more
casualties slip by. People will begin to doubt him.
WITH ENTIRE FRANKNESS.
Collector Jules Gamage of this city
recently drove over an old man and
killed him. The victim was an inof
fensive old man, too, and so far as re
corded did not owe Gamage a cent. One
of the pleasures of driving seems to
horsemen of a certain negative intelli
gence that of making pedestrians jump.
Probably the person at the reins does
not intend to kill anybody. He mere
ly garners joy from observing the nar
row escapes. When the pedestrian
fails to jump quickly enough or far
enough and dies in his tracks the
horseman, is temporarily disconcerted,
and this seems to be the measure of
his discomfort. It is time for an ex
ample to be made, and as raw material
for the manufacture of an example
Gamage is available and promising.
The owner of a horse, unable to con
trol the animal, has no business to
essay his fatal, Ineffectual attempts on
a crowded thoroughfare. Probably the
fact has never peered above his men
tal horizon that footmen have rights,
but they have. I would not have such
offenders hanged for the first homicide,
but to be sentenced to a boxstall for
ten years or so, there to be fed on a
Whltehat McCarty ration of hay,
would not be too severe. There are bi
cycle riders, also, furtive, cunning and
treacherous violators of the laws of de
cency and common sense, unbelled, un
lamped and unarrested, scorching
their way to a place where the scorch
ing business is supposed to have no in
termission, apparently eager to add to
the mortality list. They have not yet
scored a Gamage triumph, but with
cripples, children and nervous women
exposed to their high-geared assaults
soon or late they will.
• * •
Several kindly disposed people have
written to this department under the
impression that they were addressing
the Henry James who writes beautiful
books, in which he says nothing, but
says it so charmingly; who breaks into
the magazines, portrait and all, and
tries to be as English as his good fa
ther was Yankee. The announcement
must be made, and perhaps should be
made with regret, that there is a dis
tinction so wide I can see it myself.
The James I allude to is a literary
flower blooming jn the garden of
phrase. When a breeze of sentiment
strikes him he lets flutter a petal or
two. I never liked his work, save as
specimens of flawless shading, but it
suits many discriminating readers both
here and in the country of the author's
adoption. Few of them could give a
reason for it. On the contrary, the I
humble architect of this column never i
broke into any magazine and proba
bly could more easily break into a safe.
His portrait was never printed, in all
likelihood never will be, and I am
mighty certain never with his consent.
He never wrote a book, expects never
to, and couldn't get it printed if he did.
He is a plain newspaper man, writing
with only the merit of sincerity and
fully assured that nothing he pens will
be rememb/ered a day, and that he him
self would be forgotten in a week were
he to abandon present pursuits and en
ter upon some useful industry like the
digging of ditches. He understands,
furthermore, and so in modesty drops
the first person, that this is considera
ble space to devote to a matter not of
general interest. He merely desires to
square himself with the other Henry
James and state that the occasional
confusion in identities is without con
nivance on the part of this office. The
local man has no desire for credit for
the books and magazine articles of the
Londoner, and he doesn't propose that
the Londoner shall have credit for
roasting rogues, and telling people out
this way how to be goo*. Neverthe
less, it is the only name he has, and
when the Londoner conceives the name
to be overworked, he can take another,
for there will be no change at this end
of the line.
• • •
Kitchener of Khartoum explains that
the wounded Dervishes were killed
with every consideration for humanity.
I assume from this that no instrumen
tality more violent than chloroform
was employed. Or possibly the Der
vishes were not reckoned as constitut
ing a part of humanity.
The pesthouse here is a tangible bru
tality, a shame and a disgrace. The
unfortunates confined there, many of
them with no prospect of leaving un
til borne to more acceptable quarters
In the cemetery, have fewer comforts
and worse accommodations than the
vagrants and thieves in a jail. They
are treated as no humane person would
treat a dog. The blight of leprosy,
often a curse bestowed upon the inno
cent, leaves some of them no shadow of
hope, and to most of these death wolild
be so welcome that were they to seek
it none could rebuke the impulse. Yet
the very rain which the State regards
as a blessing and for which good peo
ple prayed adds to the misery of their
lot. The poor creatures have not so
much as a whole roof to shelter them.
They sleep In beds which catch the
drip from many a leak. Every breeze
carries away shingles from a covering
that has long been Ineffectual against
a shower. There Is no spot in which
a bed can be placed so as to certainly
escape a deluge. The dining room is
floored with a series of puddles. Could
anything be .more scandalously heart
less? If this city were to have a visi
tation of smallpox or other plague,
such as sweeps away distinctions and
sends rich and poor to common isola
tion, the people appalled would awaken
to the fact that there is only this in
adequate abode for the stricken, an
abode so fearful in the desolation of
its decay that to one of delicate rear
ing mere exile to it might be fatal. I
do not know who is responsible, but
where the responsi' lity rests there is
a heavy burden of guilt. For the dere
lict to be so afflicted that they would
have to be carted to this den and there
share the wretchedness they have
helped to emphasize would be a far
finer example of justice than the
scheme of making leprosy a crime and
the leper doomed to an ordeal of de
spair unlighted by any gleam of human
sympathy.
• * •
A man named W. G. Robbing recently
killed himself, leaving a pathetic note
stating that he was hungry, penniless,
without a friend, and could find no
work. I do not know how other people
feel about it, but I have no word of
blame for Robbins. It seems to me he
took the only honorable course there
was left to him. It was better than
begging, better than stealing, and I
doub^ not the God who gave him life
forgave him when, after hope and
By HENRY JAMES.
health had fled, he laid it down.
Explorer Reid intends not only to
penetrate Thibet, but to invade Lhassa,
the sacred city, where, so far as re
corded, no white man's face has been
seen. Perhaps Reid is not a fool, but
he has the symptoms. He might as
well keep out of Thibet, for if he start
and return he will come out earless,
minus at least one eye and bearing
other marks of native disapproval. As
to Lhassa, if he look upon that the
mutilated, remains of him will never
escape and there will not even, be left
the arctic comfort of sending a relief
expedition after him. A. person of or
dinary discernment' might conclude' that
the ladies and gentlemen of Thibet are
"not at h<yme" to foreigners, aria to try
to set aside this rule, which seems to
please them, and to enforce which Is
their distinct right, is a piece of im
pertinence. I hope, not that Reid will
be de-eared, but that he will be kicked
back to the arms of the civilization he
adorns. Some day, of course, a$ en
lightened nations lick all the compara
tively easy wicked people there are yet
to subdue, they will send their armies
to instruct and .edify and butcher the
people of Thibet until the "roof of the
world" shall be red to the last rocky
shingle, but before the arrival of that
happy day Reid would better either
keep away or make his. peace. If he
feels that he must -do- something with
a spice of danger in it he might come
here and explore our Chinatown while
the highbinders are conducting nego
tiations with a hatchet.
Rockefeller is reported to have said
that to any man capable of taking j
charge of his business he would willing- j
ly pay a salary of $1,000,000 a year. If j
Rockefeller ever said this he was bluf- j
fing, for he would not willingly pay |
anybody a million a year of the hard- ;
earned money for which he has toiled,
and there are scores of men capable of ■
filling the position. I myself know j
plenty of people who make a point of j
managing everybody's business, not to
the neglect of their own either, for they
have none. %
• • •
A thoughtful man, by name Henry
E. Allen, has written a pamphlet with j
the title "In Hell and the Way Out." j
That the people are in that unpleasant j
place, with greed fanning the coals, he
demonstrates clearly, but the way out
seems to me beset by impassable bar- j
riers. In other words, I agree that we '
are in hell, but think we are destined :
to stay there until the receptacle en- j
| gulfs t"he last of us, even to those now j
outside, and our after fate must for the
present be left to the prophets. There j
is not space here for an. analysis of j
the book. Evidently it is the work of ;
a person who has devoted, much time to ,
the study of social conditions. He per- j
ceives the ills, apparent to all; the
blight of monopoly spreading over the
land like a shadow of impending disas- 1
ter; the rearing of great fortunes which j
must come from the earnings of the ;
toiler, who meantime grows poorer and
more poor; the heartless task-masters
of the sweatshops — all these are among j
the conditions he mentions in terms I
more profuse than mine. He thinks i
selfishness the root sin. So it is; the
basis of all sin. Yet selfishness has al
ways been the rule of human action,
and always will be. There is no help \
for this save the making over of the
spiritual essAice of man to conform to
the spiritual essence which from the
Mount taught the lesson of love. How
hopeless this task! For hundreds of
years the church has formally sought {
to impress the lesson, and the church
to-day, while generally a moral in
fluence, cannot conquer even within
itself the traits the Master stamped
as base and wicked. Some of the rich
est men in the country, adding to their
store by unclean methods, by crushing i
rivals, by usury, by grinding the faces I
of the poor, by selling rotten beef for
pur soldiers, are pillars in the church, j
Yet did they live as they profess to
desire to live the would regard money
only as a means to aid them in doing
good. And the ministers go where sal
aries are highest. Were they not told
to take no thought for the morrow?
After all these centuries the root sin
has grown an'" flourished so that it in
vades the sanctuary as -well as the
mart. If to inaugurate material reform
selfishness must be banished the future
holds no glimmer of millennial dawn.
Chief among the cures advocated by
Mr. Allen is that of direct legislation.
As set forth by him it seems feasible; |
judged by reality it is a dream. Capital
has so long held sway that so far as
peaceful means are concerned it is in
vincible. Does legislation threaten it?
It buys a legislature. Would a just
construction of a statute be an injury?
It buys a court. Does a faithful public
official brave it? It casts him from
place and seats one of its own .creat- j
ures. Under the existing status thera
can be no enactment inimical to capital I
and at the same time effective, for it j
will be declared null. The fact might !
as well be acknowledged that capital is !
the ruler and labor the ruled, and that j
labor can t help it, for it is j*ust as j
selfish as capital and its individuals i
will never act in harmony nor invar- j
iably resist a bribe. I do not write
those things in the effort to say aught j
that is new, and yet in the beating of
old straw a sound grain may fall to the j
threshing floor. Where is a real remedy j
for potent evils such as mentioned? I
There is none. This nation will go its
course as other nations have done, and
at last, hell overflowing, there will be |
between the patricians of fortune and J
the plebeians of toil a crash more ter
rible than that marking the fall of
Rome. Then there will be chaos, grad- j
ually crystallizing into such relations ;
as now prevail, and in due season the j
same programme over again. There j
will ever be an earthly hell, simply new |
races to people it.
Somebody professing to be an admirer
of Kipling gravely asks the question:
"Is Kipling a great pact?" which ques
tion he proceeds with equal gravity to
answer in the negative. The gentleman
could have considerable fun debating
with himself and at the same time
afford a jaded world a chance to smile.
I counsel him next to tackle: "Wud a
duck swim?" and to maintain con
sistency by proving that it wudn't.
A recent number of the Black Cat
seems to have been inspired by the
mews of California. It can justly be
said of the articles that some of them
were worse than others, though those
not so bad were better.
Every fair-minded man must hope
that Liliuokalani wili be amply recom
pensed for the crown lands taken from
her by force. Thf% is a big government
and ought to be above the small busi
ness of larceny.
• * *
The latest prizef.ght is reported as
having been a bitter disappointment be
cause of having been -fixed. 1 ' Ido not
know of any reason why this should
have so much as excited comment.
What did the spectators expect? When
men get so they would, if in the ring,
fight honestly, they will have been so
elevated morally that they will be en
gaged in some decent business.
THE CfJMANCHE.
Brought to San Francisco in Sec
tions end Launched Here 35
£*_ _-. t •■ Years Ago. •:',' ;
: : One more 'of, the. Vessels, built for the
SS&£ sft&Sfl g£S
i of SKKI 25 to an U;.klur,l f f>rm... The . f C*
. manehe was one of a lot of ten monitors
SS3n*3r Jon" Ericsson in IM and this
■^arttctrtar-Tessel was built at Jersfc < Itj
iof 1613 164 98 The hull was taken apart
!^ stowed into the- hold of t*e sh.p
Aquilla, which, .arrived safely in ban
Francisco November 10. 1863. *"t ■' - "
days .later the sMp «ink «* -B^-way
wharf during a storm and it took the
i divers nearly five months to take out the
"Carrianche^na- raise the Aqullla. The only
shipyard proper in San Francisco the
early '«;■ was Steamboat Point tar Mi
ssion Bay. between Third and lourth
streets and there the Camancbe • was
Fund committee. November 14/ lSb4. trie
life by becoming entangled in a hawser.
In the course of several months tne
clmanche was towed up to Mare Island
ant Commander Charles J. McDoug^ a»
C so^ a ln n it J ef an^r S s m |or ce n r bo J hm H -
officers Jackson alone survives
at the age of close on to 80; McDougal. a
son of fhat brave old rear admiral. David
MeDougal. was drowned about sixteen
years ago on the Mendncino coast; John
\cfams died in 1867. and Tornbohm pre
ceded his friend and schoolmate, John
Ericsson, by twenty years. raTT , anphA
The subsequent career of the Caraanctie
has been uneventful., although she came
very near making history for the na\>
during her first commission. It was tne
practice to take her down the Mare Island
Strait in the morning and enter San Faiy
lo Bay for gun practice. The high bluff
at the lower end of the yard, opposite
the old Starrs Mills, presented a good tar
get for the two 15-inch smoothbores of the
Camanche and the shells buried in the
soft rock. One day. however, the eleva
tion of the guns was higher than usual
and a couple of the 400-pound empty shells
sailed over the bluff, landed on the slope
and rolled down in close proximity to the
nava! magazine. This put a stop to that
kind of target practice and the. two V>
inch guns of the Camanche have been
silent for over thirty-three years.
Of the ten monitors of the camanche
type the Patapsco and Weehawken were
torpedoed during the war and the other
seven still exist, none of them, however,
in a more efflciVnt condition than the Ca
manche. The others are the Passaic. Ja
son Lehigh. Montauk. Gat skill, Xan
tuoket and Nahant. Four of them have
lain at League Island for over twenty-five
years, battle-scarred and interesting ob
jects, but they ar* 1 all slow and useless
against modern guns. The turrets ai
eleven thickness*-- of ir>-ltf inch iron and the
sides- of five layers, making a total thick
ness approximately eleven and five inches
respectively. Th.-> engines and boilers, al
though we'll cared for, are only fit for
the scrap pile, but the hull proper may
be made useful for any other pui
than that of de«p-sea navigation, as ih»
plating is practically indestructible, ar>d
thirty-five years has not reduced the
thickness to any material extent.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Dr. J. H. Barr of Marysville is at the
Grand.
C. R. Noyes, U. S. A., is a guest at the
Occidental.
D. F. Vail of St- Paul is a guest at the
Occidental.
William Spiers of Calistoga is staying
at the Lick.
George T. Prince of Louisville is a guest
at the Palace.
Dr. S. R. Mather of Woodland is regis
tered at the Grand.
R. L. Macleay of Portland, Or., is reg
istered at the Palace.
W. H. Remington of Salt Lake City Is
a guest at the Palace.
George W. Johnson of Martinsburg, W.
Va., is at the California.
F. A. Boole, who has lumber interests
at Sanger, is at the Grand.
Arthur Smith and John Costello of San
Diego are registered at the Lick.
Mr. and Mrs. F. S. Wensinger of Free
stone are staying at the Occidental.
F. G. Berry, proprietor of the Grand
Central Hotel at Fresno, is at the Grand.
William Dinwiddie of New York was
among the arrivals at the Palace last
night.
Alexander Livingstone of Boston was
among the arrivals yesterday at the
Palace.
"Michael Cuflahy. thp well-known perk
packer of Chicago, is staying at the
Palace.
James Hogney and Miss Hegney of
Salt Lake City are among the guests at
the Lick.
W, A. Semn and wife and Miss Elsa
Semp of St. Louis have taken apartments
at the Palace.
O. H. Barrett and wife of Malflen,
Mass., were among" the arrivals yesterday
at the California.
Miss Adelaide Nason and Miss Ora
Harkness, both of Salt Lake City, are
registered at the Palace.
O. J. Woodward and T. C. White, two
prominent bankers of Fresno, are stay
ing at the Lick for a few days.
Attorney S. L. Hogue and C. B. Shaver,
of the Fresno Flume and Lumber Com
pany, are guests at the Grand. Both are
residents of Fresno.
W. H. Bancroft of Salt Lake City, gen
eral manager of the Oregon Short Line,
and \V. T. Anderson of the same place
are at the Occidental.
Miss Freda Ortman. daughter of John
F. Ortman, and Dr. T. E. Shumate will
be married on April 12 at the residence
of the bride's father, corner California
and Scott streets. Miss Ortman is one
of San Francisco's clever and charming
society belles, and Dr. Shumate is also
highly esteemed in society circles. The
young lady was educated at St? Rose's
Academy and is gifted musically. Her
betrothed has risen highly in th,> rank of
physicians since his graduation five years
ago. The bridal tour will include the
principal cities of the East and Europe.
Rev. Father Martin of Benicia will of
ficiate at the wedding ceremony.
CALIFORNIANS IN OSTEW YORK.
NEW YORK, March 25.— T. M. Schu
macher of San Francisco is at the Hoff
man; F. J. Symmes of San Francisco is
at the Holland. -
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Ib at Townsend'3.*
Orpheum and Tivoli tickets free by buy
ing your music, etc., at Bruenn's, 20S
Post street. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses ;>nrl public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), slo Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pattosien's Success
And Pattosien's Prices
Are Easy to Understand.
Even the Children
Can Figure It Out.
BBfa — "^H s v^BtSS^^^^^^^ '■?■" ~ '
I <JL& S&k \ Do*vn town rents *Jsoo ,>^
/ \ pattosien's rent * 200 **
$ 1300 saved monthly to Pattosiens customers
We Can Never Have
Competitors in Prices.
Other firms may, of course,
show fine stocks, but none can
excel ours. j
-JULU. IHi MiI— JILJUJMI ULIIILJi ILLULUUJLIDMni Where
waß^sffwrvßiff^?titisfaa iiirwfiTißmßM \\ IiCI C
in all this State can such offerings as we
show be approached ? There is but one
answer — but one place — Pattosien's,
16th and Mission Sts., S. F.
MASTER MADSEN
REBUKED FOR
A SHIPWRECK
His License Must Re
main Suspended.
BOLLES AND BULGER UPHELD
TOO MANY SmFWKECKS ON
THE NORTH COAST.
A Simple Casting of the Lead Would
Have Saved the Jewel and the
Life of Engineer
Home.
Captain John Bermlngham, Supervising j
Inspector for the Northern District of
California, has piven a stinging rebuke
to careless officers of coast steamers, i
■which may serve as a -warning to others '
and may diminish the number of ship- ;
wrecks annually on the Pacific Coast, es
pecially on that portion north of San ;
Francisco -where maritime disasters have
been too frequent of late years.
He ha« at the same time supported the
action of Local Inspectors Captains O.
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purcr)° s « rs> Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufac-
turers, Brokers. Importers, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers,
Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
IN COnmESrONBINC WITH ANT OF THE FOLLOWING
FIRMS PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
BELTING.
Ln nCACV Manufacturer of BeTttn?
F. Ut\lt>. Lacs Leather. 105-107 Mis-
•lon St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS. ".:■,,
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
BDeclal Attention Paid to Repairs ana Ship
Bt^^ Work.
Of&oe «nd Works— ll3-U5 MISSION ST.
Telephone Main 6046.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
242 to 350 Geary Street. Abore Powell.
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
« • r>r\ rkf\\T a T Cor. <th and Mar-
CAFE ROYAL, Try - u -- pectel
\,AIL, nvi *L<i Tr> . our special
Brew Steam and Lager, 5c Overcoats
and valises checked free.
CARRIAGE MAKERS.
n nn , ru c cn»lC— Makers and Dealers lfl
0 BBIEN 4 SONSl^ndaus. Hack., Victoria*.
Carts and Bugglea. Golden Gat. are. and Polk
St.. Ean Francisco.
COAL. COKE AND PIQ IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO..
bOO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1864.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BLYTH. M«r.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing Steamboat
. and Ship Work a Specialty. 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone, Main =641.
DRLOGISTS (WHOLESALE-.
BEDINGTON & CO. SSSSS^VSR I
K. Belles and J. K. Bulger in suspending
for one year the license of M. J. Madsen,
navigating officer of the coasting steamer
Jewel, which was wrecked near Caspar on
January 13 of this year. Assistant En
gineer Home lost his life on that occa
sion. Madsen appealed from the decision
of the local inspectors and Captain Ber
mlngham has decided that Madsen got no
more than his deserts. In passing upon
the matter. Captain Bermineham says:
"The Government has. at vast labor and
expense, surveyed and charted this coast,
and the soundings {riven by the charts for
r are twenty fathoms of water
. half a mile of shore, which in
creases gradually to a depth of seventy
fathoms rive miles off shore. Hence a cast
of the l*>ad thereabout would have given
almost the exact distance of the
from the shore.
"If the appellant, when he wanted to en
below for the night, which was at tim^s
ry and all the time cloudy, had
his chief officer to us
lead and r. I g I the fhore thaTi
forty fathom? of water; when he came
on deck for a few minutes, at 2:30 a. m.
and found the light? of Fort Bragg and
the Caspar slab fire both in sight, which
he and Captain Clausen testified could
not be seen at one and the same time
within lets than five miles from th^
?hore—had he then given the mate orders
to k^-ep both these lights in sight till day
light, or until he might he called, ho
would have performed his plain duty as a
Fkillfu! navigator. Such would have been
a definite and unmistakable order for the
-ip and would have
undoubtedly sav<=-d her from, destruction
and loss '.uring that night. He did
not do bo, v ;e matter of k^-pinp
his ship off shore entirely to the judgment
0 ■ -
"No argument can be introduced to sus
tain such ■ the part of the ma?
ter. To my mind it cannot be justified by
any system of reasoning. So many steam
ers have been K>pt °n this coast by the
failure to get a casting Of their leads
that the many punishments which
been justly m^t^d out by the local board
should boa sufficient warning to others.
This did Hot seem to be a warning to the
appellant. Hence 4he judgment of the
lower court in this case must stand, and
it is so ordered."
Fine second-hand Decker & Son
pianos at Mauvais', 769 Market st. •
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS. BOYES & CO.. ci.r^L v
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry. Morton Sc Hedle-r. Press.
234 Fremont St. Castings of Erery Do-
tcrlptlon Made to Order. TeL Black 1505.
LIQUORS.
Gudold Whiskey, gallon {1 50; case MOO
F. C. O. Whiskey, do Jl 25
L CAHEN & SON. 418 Sacramento St.. S. F.
PAPER DEALERS.
Wll I AMFTTF PULP AND paper CO..
11 ILLAmC II C 722 Montgomery Street.
PRINTIN3.
EC HIIHHFQ PRINTER.
• rHJUrIE.O, 611 Eansoma street.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
T '£^ PARTRIDGE g ra ?,"A.
THE HICKS- CO., SL'S^a^r „.
• TYPEWRITERS.
2||^ All Typewriters Rented.
C>2™^^3» Few partly osed for sale cb«aa>
■^»^*f I AGENT? FMTTH PP.EMIER.
L. & M. ALEXANDER. .
■^BfcissS^ us Montgomery street.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Korv --•■• i? Agents and Public Welshera. G. -
eral Stcraire. Free and Grain Warehouses. Oea-
eral office. 119 California st. Tel. Mala '.314.
WATCHES. ETC.
TI rL'nV .-aJquaneri lor fine Jewelry and
• Ltnilli • :--k We<!din^ Rlnifa. 43d «t-
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. at Its
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES.
Is the Best Coal In the Market.
fitte* and Xaf4*-4M Mala otrMU
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, MARCH 26, 1899.
ANCIENT ORDER
OF WORKMEN TO
ASSEMBLE HERE
I Grand Lodge to Meet
April 5.
A NEW DEAL IS ASKED FOR
! THE DEGEEE OF HONOR SITS
AT THE SAME TIME,
The Names of ihs Representatives to
Both Grand Bodies — There Will
Be a Competitive
DrilL
The next session of the Grand Lodge
I of the Ancient Order of United Workmen
' of the jurisdiction of California will be
: held in Native Sons" Hall in this city
! next month, commencing on the sth. and
j the session will last two and probabiy
j three days. At the same time the Grand
Lodge of the Degree of Honor, which is
: the ladies' auxiliary of the order, will
: be in session in Shasta Hall, of the Na
ative Sons' building, and that body will
transact all its business in two days.
There will be a showing that during
: the past year, or rather since adjourn
ment of the previous Grand Lodge, in
! spite of the cry of hard times and the
great competition by other orders that
: have been started since the institution
i of the Workmen, the parent order, there
has been an increase in membership and
that the numerical strength in this State
w in excess of 20,000, distributed In
>:ges, 22 of which are in San Fran
i Cisco. During that period' l2 new lodges
• were Instituted and six consolidated.
n surrendered their charters.
There will be considerable interest tak
.' en in the proceedings, as there is a great
: deal of talk of changes in the Grand of
! of the order and an effort will be
made to secure as such grand officers
| only rr.en who have time and inclination
I to attend to the duties of the several of
l rices.
.There are a number of candidates for
the various offices, the most prominent
being- the following:: For grand master.
William Vinter of San Jose and J. M.
Collins, at present grand foreman. For
grand foreman not a prominent name has
yet been mentioned. C. S. Curtis of this
city is a candidate for the office of over
seer, as is also G. E. Yale of Santa
Cruz and A. R. Orr of Visalia. For rep
resentative to the Supreme Lodge there
are named Edwin Danforth of tnis city.
at present deputy grand master work
man, William Henry Barnes of this city
and James Booth of Los Angeles. Frank
S. Poland, who during his term as grand
recorder has proved an attentive official.
Will be a candidate for re-election, but
he will have some opposition.
During the session there will be an ex
emplification of the work by four teams
in competition for a prize of JIOO, and
Unity Lodge will give an entertainment
in honor of the representatives. The fol
lowing is the list of the representatives
ed up to last evening from all the
lodges:
California Na I—L.1 — L. Nolan, J. A. Anfj:n.
. C. E. Gardner, "W. T. Hamll-
U Marks.
a :- Z—n. Whipple.
Baa Francisco No 4—';. Mosbacher, Thomas
\V. H. Nich>>ls.
Alameda No. I — C H. Haiie.
Occidental No. 6— J. A. Jaokfcr., M. P. Fox.
A. Hassier, W. V.
Pacific No. 7— E. W. Marston. C. R. Har
well, \V. J. Peterson, C. E. Snook. C. T.
Johns.
:-n Gate No. S — Louis Jacobs, J. W. Dan
ton.
Harmony Xo. »— James E. Savage, R. W.
English, L. Johr.sen. D. McSweeney. C. Mc
-.. E» A ,-:nith.
y No. K>— Charles F. Gompertz.
Temple No. 11-H. C. Babcock.
i•• ••' r N 12— H. Abrrrnethy.
Napa No. 13 — Percy S. King, L. T. Hayman,
J. C. X
Yerba Bu^na No. 14 — F. Rothganger, F. Law
rence, A. Wigmore. J. Nelson, R. A. A. Sum
mer?.
15 — J. H. Steves.
tectkm N ■•. 16 — a. Marsh.
■, ".-•• N IT — C. C. Payne, E. Schlandt,
- J. W. TrooadelL C. J Lightston.
Hay wards No. Is— F. W. Browning T. F.
Gray.
.al Nc. IS— J. E. Rose. E. E. Stewart.
Sausalitr. No. 20— H. J. Cnirripton.
21— H. E. Wright. Horace Jones.
James Popert. C. W. Baker, H. A. Naumann,
H. J. Nortpn. J. W. Matt.
.v... T2—^. W. Ljrford. J. A. Mchler.
teton No. 23— H. K. • 'ampbell. George Lte
:., A. E. Audit, M. Flnnell, C. Barth
man.
Rafael No. 24 — James F. Manney, James
K> nn- v.
•• No. 86— A. P. BlUalge. W. T. Eipper.
t'nity No. :7— A. W. Tuggey. P. A. Smith. H.
aw, William Tuggcy, James N. Block.
E Lawton, William C. Riley. J. M. Hyland.
Panta Ro?% No. ■— 6. T. Coulter, William
R«-x
jrr.a No. 19 — John T. Stone.
Va.i:- I J. Blackmail, E. A. Brandt,
J. M. 'amp, J. H. Grady, J. J. Hayes, C. E
Hunt. E. F. Joy. S. H. Jenner, William Brod
erick. T. H. Lord, A. G. Lyie, P. D. Mal
laney. J. W. McCarthy, 8. D. Thurston, J. G.
I'li'lerv. i
I No. 3:— W. A. Bolles.
. — S. Pinschower.
fklah No. 33— F. C. Albertson.
Lakeport No. 34 — Stanford Bruton.
C>ak Leaf No. 35— C. H. Dunton. William
Cogan. W. J. Hall, J. A. C. Maedonald.
an No. 3<>— F. E. Farley, M. E. Stanford.
Michaels, H. N. Hall. J. Leffler.
Mary?ville No 3S— A. Ladynski.
Putter No. ::> B F. FriPbie.
< Toville No. 40— Thomas W. Re«ce.
Magnolia No. 41— C. Blind. J. Bowman. J.
Cunningham, S. Isaacs, M. H. Mohrdick, C.
T. Spencer.
Myrtle No. 42— J. M. Lyons.
Mount Hamilton No. 43— L. F. Butts. E. A
ManpfMd, A J. Schilling, G. I. Van Allen. W.
C. Vinter. W. M. Hermann, A. M. Smith. C.
H. Gorr. J. J. Bennetts.
Franklin No. 44— Will J. Beatty.
Watsonville No. 45— L. P. Holbrook.
Santa Cruz No. 46— George E. Tale, H. T>.
Bmtth. George H. Piper. ,
Sausal No. 47-L. TT Garrigus.
Va'-aville No. 48— Joseph L. Kldd.
T'ixon No. r.i}— j. R. Rochford.
Grass Valley No. 51— O P. Whltlnr. J J
Ryan, L. C. Snyder. A. Stfr Stokes
Nevada, City No. 62— J. G. O'Neill. George E
Russell. Jamep G. Neagie. John E. Isaac
Samuel P. Trfvethick, Hugh Murchie
Hercules No. 53— E. Platz. E. Howe, Joseph
Preston. L. M. Manzer.
■WheatiarKl No. 54 — H. C. Niemeyer.
Los Angeles No. B6— O. H. Mason. C L
F. S. Graiiam, M. M. Gillespie. Alex
an'lT ("raw.
Mission No. 56— John G. Mattos Jr.
Live Oak No. 57— H. Luther.
Chico No. 68— John P. Curry, E. Meybera
lagt •; N "jfi— R. A. Lindsay, j. Rosen
berg. B. H. Schunhoff.
Hearts of Oak No. 81— George Phillips.
Vesper No. £2— lsrael Horton.
Industry No. 63— A. C. Vandervoort.
Keystone No. 64— George Atkinson. M. CCon
nell.
Winters No. 65— H. C. Cuiton.
Burno No. 69 — G. Pohlmann, L. G. Schord. G.
S. O'Ben.
Mendocino No. TO— George H. Bowman.
Shasta No. 71— J. L. Richardson,
John N ■ 7i— L. J. Never*.
Merced No. 74— James Leonard. James Carey,
Gtacomo Garibaldi.
Vallejo No. 75— George W. Edgcumbe.
I* ■ Gatos No. 76— E. M. Sellers.
Mllpitas No. 77— D. S. Boyce.
Tulare No. 7S— G. Q. Gill.
Visalta No. 79— M. J. House. R. P. Grant.
Sacramento No. SO— Peter Genis, Joseph Beer.
Justice No. si— R. L. Cole. O. O. Mattson.
Santa Ana No. S2— Leopold Goepper.
Lincoln No. S3— John Haenny.
Silver Star No. Si— T. E. Hass.
Pablo No. SS—E. B. Masterson.
Carqulnez N . tt— C C. Swain.
Mount Dlal>lo No. 91— H. Vosianber.
P'"int Timber No. 92 — C. J. Prepton.
Reliance No. 93— E. A. Richmond.
Benicia No S4 r -Peter C. Mason.
Plac- H. Kellogg.
San Benito No. 96— Robert Shaw, F. L.
No. 97-J. C. Hawver.
Monterey No. 9?— Henry Bach.
Guardian No. . 100— Sam Hughes.
Rices No 102 — Moses La P.ifr.t.
Mountain No. 105— A. C. Cooke.
Bridgeport No. 10J-S. Soiaro.
Folsora No. 10?— W. A. Ford. v .- -
Bay City No. lU— C. F. Salter, L. E. Goble.
Empire No. 11S-W. H. Rice.
Gait No. 113— A. Clough.
Willows No. 115— J. H. Mitchell.
Confidence No. Nicholas Nelk.
El Dorado No. US— J. C. Marsh.
Geore^town No. 121— J. G. F. Weldman.
Caxnptonvllle No. 122— Peter Garver.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
DR. PIERCE,
frtmt a Pkatfraph. Inventor.
OUR NEW ESTABLISHMENT.
We hope our old friends and customers will make
a note 01 our change of address, and, when visiting
San Francisco, favor us with a call.
After being established at the corner of Sacramento
and Kearny streets for over 20 years, we realized that
the active, business portion of the city had changed
to other parts and that, in consequence, we had, as
it were, become side-tracked.
Anyone at all acquainted with the city will at once
recognize the fact that, in removing to our present
location, we have secured the bat and most central to
be found in the city of San Francisco.
The number, 620 Market street, is directly opposite
the Paiaee Hotel, and, as we occupy the entire second
and tftird floors of the building aforesaid, no one will
have the slightest trouble in finding the place.
THOUSANDS OF CURES.
Bvidecce of the wonderful curative power of Dr.
Pierces famous Electric Belts and Trusses continues
to arrive from all parts of the country. The follow-
ing selections are made from a large number of simi-
lar letters recently received at our San Francisco
office. Thus from year to year the evidence accumu-
lates and the lonr list of those who have been cured
of weakness and disease by means of the^-e celebrated
electrical appliances continues to increase.
It is true that there are other trusses and belts —
so-called "Electric," — offered for sale in various
parts of the country, some very cheap, and some very
expensive ; but, briefly stated, the fact remains now
as it has during the past twenty years : if you want
the BEST, you must have "Dr. Pierce' "
be* — ~- ,/ >»oman suffering from Rupture or from
any chronic weakness or disease should hesitate in sending
for the Truss or Belt required for its relief. Don't
wait until your complaint becomes incurable,
PAMPHLETS AND PRICE-LIST.
Oor "Pamphlet No. 1," contains price-list and gires
fall information concerning ' ; Dr. Pierces Magnetic Elastic
Truss " (for Rupture), while " Pamphlet No. 2," jri^ea
prices and describes " Dr. Pierces Electric Belt" which
is intended for the relief and cure of chronir disease and
weakness. When writing, please enclose 2 cents in stamps
for postage and state which pamphlet you wish us to
send — " Ko 1 '' or " No. 2."
I^" Send all orders and other communications direct to either the, I
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO., l 3 "l^M^
Price of Dr. Pierces Belt $10. $15. $20 and $25. TMrTi rcn T7TT7/ T'T)T/ ' C* f\
EVERY BELT WARRANTED. OR r KKLK TrLPil r\l(l til)
Full instructions accompany every Belt sold. - S =^~ X lljllUJj^ LlijijUllllU \J \J >;
620 Market St., (opposite the palace hotel) San Francisco, Cal.
IV.wnievi'.le No. 123— L. P. Hansen.
Forest No. 124 — Thomas Fitzgerald.
Excelsior No. 12S— J. H. McKnight, John
Quinton, James Nesbit.
Olympic No. 127— John Drusedom.
Mud Springs No. 128 — Conrad Huesner.
Wilmington No. 130— W. H. Savage.
Atnadw No. 133— W H. Burns.
Laurel No. 134— R. J. T remain. .
Lake No. 13S-H. H. Dakln.
Fidelity No. 136— T. A. Farless. John Hender
son. F. H. Eckenroth.
Jackson No. 13*— Thomas Lemin. E. A. Free-
Bald Mountain No. 140— Charles W. Hendel.
lone Valley No. 141— J. P: Surface.
Sharon No. 142— W. H. Keifer.
Bodle No. 143— J. S. Dolan.
Citrus No 14!. — John Harrison.
Pasadena Na. 151— Burton Canfleld. Oscar T.
Nay.
Manzanita No. 154— W. H. Crajg.
Main T">p No. 156— John W. Sutcllffe.
Sugar Loaf No. 157-F. I. Adge.
Sutter Creek No l".?— John Miller.
Bay Vi»w No. Ut— W. J. 13. Warner. Chris
Cummins.
Silver Gate No. lfiO— C. tv. Hunter.
Weaver No. 161— T. E. Jones.
Lone Syramore No. 163— John L. Kurtz.
Hanford No. 164— 1>. L. Phillips.
Ashler No. 165— Richard Crooks.
Pueblo No. 168— J. G. Marrey.
Newark No. 169— H. Sanibone.
Maxwell No. 170- J. F. Durham.
Yopemite No. 171— T. A. Hoover. F. T. Hilton.
J. IV. Roddick, T. W. Pickford, L. P. Tim-
Ventura No. 173— E. F. Rellly. E. M. Wag
ner.
Memorial No. 174— Jacob Schelling, C. S.
Hoffman. M. "Wlesenhutter.
West End No. 175— E. R. "Wilson, George
Lovegrove.
Klamath No. 176— C. A. lunker.
Etna No. 177— F. G. SmfTh.
Fort Jones No. 17S— Richard D. Map'esden.
Friendship No. 179— F. J. McGuire, J. J.
Donovan.
Triumph No. ISO— John Quinn, "William F.
<=mallman. Daniel Sewell. John Hartley.
Hills Ferry No. ISI— A. E. Clary. J. P.
Turlock No. 182— S. H. Crane.
Del Norte No. 183— J. M. Rlchart.
Blue Canyon No. l i >4— O. C. Waldau.
Noe Valley No. MB J. F. Feno, T. Ahem.
Tehama No. 187— John Simpson.
El Monte No. 188— M. T. Broaded.
Challenge No. 190— A. B. Clifford.
Southern California No. 191— W. P. L. Staf
ford A. C. Patton.
San Mateo No. 192— George Beale, C, C. An
de LSs n Baj»os No. 193-J. F. Wllkins.
Higuera No. IS4— T. J. Bowen.
Ponnra No. 197-Thomas W. Well*
Oak Grove No. ISS— William Dleke.
Porterville No. 19^— Andrew Leslie.
Navarro No. 2',%_r. Kerr.
Eden No 2-"'4— Henry B. Martin,
Butte City No. 206-W. W. Ludy.
Westport No. 2v.-M M. Bates.
May No. 206— C. G. Sttnson.
Lookout No. 211— J. W. Brown.
San Fernando No. 214— Thomas P. Martin.
Dunnigan Na 215— H. A. Satterlee.
Murphvs No. 217— John McQuig.
Los \lamos No. 219— W. F. Wickenden.
Oliver No. BB— X L Read.
Alturas No. TO— Alfred Gannon.
Pomona Na 225— E. Barnes.
Bay District No 226-T. R. N'edt.
Colonla No. 227-Oliver L. Newby.
Concord No. 229— H. D. Burrows.
East Los Angeles No. 23^— William Meek.
Ontario No 231— John Geary.
Covina No. 232-C. W. Potter.
St Elmo Na 235— John R. Cate.
Germania No. 241— George W. Fischer.
Alta No. 242— George D. Flack.
Traver No. 246— J. B. Duffey.
Falrmount No. 247— 5. Kelso.
Point Loma No. 24S— H. Huggett, A. D. Jor-
Central No. 2SI— J. C Parkinson.
Eureka Valley No. 2S2— John T Kidd.
I Bishop No. 25*— Thomas Thomson.
DR. PIERCES BELT CURED HIM I
( ' Co. H, 19th lrrLimT, U. S. Army,
1 Camf MBaarrr, San Fnacisoo, Jun» Bio, 1906.
Dr. Piert* *• Sen —
anrroiui : — Last October, while la garrison at Fort Bliss,
SI Paso, Texas, I sent for one of your famous Dr. Pierces Elec-
tric Belts for Rheumatism, etc., and after wearing it only about
two months, my complaints entirely disappeared, and I have
not been troubled with any pain or discomfort since.
I consider your Belt to be the finest Electric Body-battery in
existence, as the current it /ounrful and lasting. I purchased one
of your No. XXX Belts, and after using it several months it is
still as good as new.
I heartily recommend " Dr. Pierces Electric Belt " to all auf-
ferers. "•
Your. rratefuUy, JOHN P. ANDERSON.
CAN RUPTURE BE CURED?
~ IBMWj ** M Ilin ' :
MOERILI.TOS, A&KAXSAS, t «•» .' ■• Sot-- 16th, 1395.
Dr. Piere* Be Son —
I purchased a truss from you in ISBS. "Was ruptured as far
back as I can remember. At the age of m years I commenced
wearing one of your trusses. Wore it twelve months and laid
it aside and have net had a truss en since.
It has now been thirteen years since I laid your truss aside. I
have rolled logs and done all kinds of farm labor, and my rup-
ture is as " sound as a dollar." Every day that lam able to be
out lam lifting everything that comes in the way. I just lift
all I can and there has been no sign 0/ my eld Rvpturt\
Yours truly, H. F. GORDON.
HAS CONFIDENCE IN OUR GOODS.
M ft- D. WATTitrr or Soconao, Xsw Mexico, writes August sad,
189S, as follows : — " I wish you would please let me know if
you think your Magnetic Elastic Truss will cure me of Rupture.
»••••! bought one of your Electric Belts a few '
months ago, and if your Truss will give me as good satisfaction
as your Belt has, I am sure it will cure me."'
A CURE BY DR. PIERCE'STRUSS ISA PERMANENT CURE.
Cash's Dwot, South Carolina, March 18th, 1898.
Drs. Pierce if Son, San Francisco, CoJ. —
Dear Doctors : — "Will you please send me your latest pam-
phlet on Rupture with present prices of your wonderful " Mag*
netic Elastic Truss." By referring to your books you will see
that lam an old customer of yours. In the Fall of ISS6 I pur-
chased one of your tresses for a very large, right-side Scrotal
Rupture, which had been present from my infancy, and I was
so years old at the time I bought the truss from you, and the "
protrusion larger than a man 1 Jut. It never came down fully
after I put your Truss on, and I have had no return of the Rup-
ture on my right side in ten (10) years. When I think of how I
suffered before, I always feel grateful to you. I have received
many letters of inquiry about your Truss and have always
advised the parties to use it The reason why I write to you is
that since I was cured of the bad rupture on my right side I
have discovered a small rupture in my U/i groin ; the protru-
sion is small, but is very painful when out. ••♦•♦•
I am wearing one of my old trusses for it now un*C I can hear
from you. Hoping to hear ham ■•ou soon, I am.
Yours gratefully, W. J. BROWN.
"ACCOMPLISHED WONDERS."
f 422 CLBMBirrutA STm»T, Sax rs.Ajrcuoo, Cai»,
V July 11th. 133&
Dr. Pure* A* Son —
G«stle«s:-I desire to Inform you that the Magnetic
Elastic Truss which I bought front you about six months ago
has already accomplished wonders. I cannot praise it up too
much.
My Rupture is now almost entirely htaJed and I can take off the
truss without any rupture showing itself.
Your truss has done just what you said it would do when you
fitted it to me, and I shall always remain thankful that I
obtained Dr. Pierces Truss when I did. I heartily recommend
it to everybody.
Yours truly, RICHARD STACK
Monrovia No. 860— C A. Shrode.
San Miguel No. 2*l— E. D. Sworthout.
Cucarr..nca No. William Hags.
Golden West No. 264— A. W. Lehrke. L. Mc-
Mahon.
Purisima No. 266— C, A. Reed.
Kin? City No. 274— W. C. Hamilton.
El Cajon No. 276- William Stell.
Trea i'lnns No. 277 — L. Thornton.
Hopland No. r7B— J. W. Andrews.
Madera No. 279— R- C. Jay.
Pacific Grove No. 2SO— D. W. Beverton.
Northern Light No. Alex Ekwall.
Crockett No. ■•— G. R. Gunn.
Sola no No. 2*7— V. W. Kennedy.
Fullerton No. MS— A. A. Pendergrast.
Upchurch. No. 2S9— Charles H. Hall.
Alpha No. 290— Edward Ryan.
Riverside No. 252— B. Corl
Waterford No. 293— A. F. Underwood.
Stanford No. 294 — H. R. Powell.
Sunnyside No. — L. L. Andrews.
Mayfield.No. »6— D. T. Mesa. ■
Fremont No. 297— M. A. Thomas.
Olive Branch No. > i — A. Johnson.
Sunol No. 299— George Trinlngham.
White Oak No. 303— Bert Holmes.
Champion No. 301— Joseph L. Walton.
Crocker No. 302— H. Barron.
Tlburon No. 303— J. B. Ahem.
University No. 304— Ed J. Wilson.
C.-ncordia No. 305— Joseph Boyd.
. Dlnuba No. 307— A. Fraser.
Prcsperity No. 309 — Joseph C. Langenderfer,
V.iliiam H. Daniels, Frank E. Wilson, Richard
H McFherson.
Orange Grove No. 312— Charles Ldell.
Granite No. Henry Aver
Gulnda No 31S— T. B. Harrison.
Angels No. 320— J. Bella.
Boulder Creek No. 323— H. W. West.
Topo Topo No. 32?.— P. J. Reese.
Desert No. 32S— George C. Nebeker.
Park No 327— G. H. Neal.-
Paso Robles No. 332— J. C. Brown.
San Antonio No. William R. Dodge.
Redondo No. 337— Fred H. Fraser.
Crescent No. 33S— Ed West.
" Qtnua No. 340— Griffith Condron.
Azusa. No. 341— W. P. Parker.
Sanger No 342— Benjamin F. Cotton.
Modoc No. 343— R. H. Stanley
Liberty No. 344— M. F. Taylor.
Arroyo Grande No. 347— J. M. Emmert.
Santa Ynez No. 34S— G. A. Davidson.
Gold Ridge No. 349— James A. St'.dger.
North Star No. 3:2— A. F. Vincent.
Guerneville No. 3"4— H. P. McPeak.
Fort Bid well No. George F. Bradbury.
Potter Valley No. 356— J. B. Goodrich.
Florence No. 357— G. W. Williams.
Plumps No. 339— William L. Hamblln.
Whittier No. 360 — George W. Cole.
Superior No. Ml— A. D. Hawley. «
Artesia No. S62— F. D. Ashleigh.
THE DEGREE OF HONOR.
Those Who Will Legislate for the Or
der at the Next Grand Session.
The order known as the Degree of Hon
or. A. O. T. W., •will be represented In its
Grand Lodge by one representative fmm
each of the forty-eight lodges in the
State. The order has at this time a mem
bership of about 1700. of which more than
1200 are beneficiary members. During the
period since the adjournment of the
grand body last year six lodges surren
dered their charters, but eight new ones
were Instituted, and three more. will be
instituted before the close of the term.
During the five years of the existence of
the order in this State there have been
but five deaths, and during the year it
has not been necessary to levy an assess
ment to meet obligations. On the night
of the sth of April there will be an ex
hibition of the ritualistic and secret work
NEARLY SO YEARS OF AOEI CURED I
HAitsnviM.a, Ouooi, January 7th, 1898.
Dr. Pitrct A* Sen, Smm Francisco, Col. : —
Dkai Siss : — I believe it to be my duty to suffering man- ,
kind to state the fact that I have been cured af Rupturx by your
wonderful Magnetic Truss. Before I got your truss I had suf-
fered a great deal with my Rupture and with wearing the old
iron hoop trusses, which I had to wear, but after putting your
truss on I found immediate relief from pain ; la fact, I might
say your Truss is almost "self-adjusting. " Living in the coun-
try, I have had to do much lifting and hard wwk, and In this
way I first caused the Rupture, and found the oKWtyle trasses
very uncomfortable to work in.
I have now been completely cared for more than six months
and can remove my truss without any sign showing that I erer
had been ruptured. My rupture, as before stated, was a very
troublesome case, the intestines coming down into the scrotum.
What makes my cure all the more remarkable, is that / mm
nearly tigkty of mgt; will be eighty the *7th of next June.
If everyone knew as much about your Dr. Pierces Truss as X
do, you could not supply the demand. You may use this letter
as you think best to convince other sufferers.
Yours respectfully, NSIL MT7WRO,
ANOTHER CURE OF RUPTURE I
210 Fiist An , S*attli, Wash., March 17th, 1801
Dr. Puree & Sen —
. Diak Sirs: —la April last yes r I got one of your double
trusses, as I was ruptured on both sides. After wearing it for
about six months, I was pleased to find my left side mrtd. The
right side being the wont of the two and a very old rupture,
although not cured yet, I am glad to say is much improved, and
I have every confidence in the Truss, as it is no trouble to wear
I and is a perfect retainer. I wore several so-called" trusses, but
nothing like yours.
I shall always speak well of and recommend your Truss to
all sufferers. Thanking you and wishing you every success, I
am, sirs.
Yours very respectfully, PHILIP H. COOS.
ELECTRICITY WAS THE REMEDY FOR HIM I
Morr&osc, Colo., May 19th, 1898.
Dr. Pitrct &• Sen —
Gettlemss : — For the Benefit of others I desire to say that I
cm 52 years old ; have been in the mines for twenty-five years,
where I contracted my disease. I have been doctoring for about
eight years and have been to different hot springs without
much benefit. My disease is rheumatism and neuralgia, liver
and stomach troubles and spinal disease. Was almost para-
lyzed, and my blood was poisoned. I contracted these diseases
by working in lead ores and foul air in the mines. I received
your Electric Belt and Spinal Appliance about fi T e months ago,
and from the great benefit I have already received I think I
will soon be * wtllmmm. I was then suffering with pains day
and night, with swelling of the joints and poor circulation of
the blood ; but I am now ever so much benefited by using your
Belt and Appliance.
I am, yours respectfully, CHRIS. JOHNSON.
IT GIVES HIM STRENGTH.
Mi. L. D. Bctt, Proprietor Colony Nursery, of Penrya, Cal.,
writes us on July iSth, '98 : — " I have one of your No. 2 Chain
Belts, which is now partly worn out. I cannot get along with-
out it. Have not felt so well in years; do mkjt m-wuunt » f h-ard
work mmd do not/ietl xvom out. "
AS GOOD FOR WOMEN AS FOR MEN.
_ _. . , Seises Citt, Cal., Jan. 7th., 1399.
Dr. Pierce at Sen —
. Dear Si»s : — It has been some little time since I received
your last Belt, and I have been waiting to see how things went.
First of all I must tell you of the one I bought for myself. I
have found that it has ' done me so much good that I feel it is
my duty to tell you something about it. It has ENTIRELY
CURED me of those Nervous Troubles and of what caused
them — rheumatism, neuralgia, etc. — and I have had them so
bad in my ears that I could not sleep. It has entirely cured m e
of Rheumatism, from which I have been a great sufferer for
years, and I feel better all around; digestion is better, stomach
troubles better and feel jollier and more lighthearted. I intend
to recommend it to anybody who wants to know anything
about electric belts. As I tell them, if you want a GOOD Belt
get "DR. PIERCES.
Yours respectfully, MR?. HELEN CORK.
after which the doers of Laurel Hall, in
Shiels building, will be thrown open to
the public, and there will be an exhibition
of th» *' Honor drill by the team
from Ivy' Lodge. There will also be an
ent<-rtair.m»nt. On the night of the 4th
there will bo an informal rf-oeption to tho
repr<?sentatives of Silver Spray Lodge ir.
its lodgeronm in Excelsior Hall in the
Mission district.
During the session there will be prp
sented a new constitution. That and the
election of officers will create consider
able excitement. Mrs. Viola Norman will
be promoted to the highest office, that of
grand chief of honor. Mrs. Flora J. Nay
w'll be elected grand lady of honor and
Miss Mnrgerette Ohea will be re-elected
grand treasurer if she desires to serve
another term. The srrand usher and inside
and outside watchmen will at this session
be appointed Instead of elected as in the
past. For grand recorder no one has yet
mentioned as an opponent to Mrs.
ML Poland, the incumbent. For rep
r»=.ntatives to the Superior Lodge the
following-named are spoken of as can
didate?: Mrs. G. A. Lovejoy. Miss M.
t)hea Mrs. K. M. Poland. Mr?. Eva F.
Mayon and Mrs. Nellie J. Masters. The
following-named are representatives from
the lodges of the State:
Golden "Rule of Santa Ana. E. B. Norman:
Union- of Harwmrds. E. 1 M Owen: Oakleaf of
Oakdale. Helen Baer; Valentine of Baker?fleld,
Su'ie Shaffer: Orange Blossom of Azusa. W. E.
Parker; Unity of Grass Valley, Sarah Mul
lins; Magnolia of Los Angeles. Annie E. Ma
son; Grant of Nelson, E. J. Chevill: Crown of
•he Valley of Forest City. Dell Morris: Viola
of Carina, Magdelena Hartley: Ivy of Oakland.
Sarah Hodge* ; Beacon Light of. Klamathon.
M. Campbell: Big Valley of Lockout. Carrie
E. Kresse: Sliver Star of North Temescal.
Elizabeth Norton: Matlrone of Lakeport. Fan
nie H. Gruwell: Silver Spray of San Francisco,
Mary J. Stewart: Alida Upchurch of San Jose.
Mary J. Fuller; Lily of the Valley of Sacra
mento Lucy M. Gerris; Martha of Fresno. May
Hilton- Mount Wilson of Monrovia. Molile E.
Shroder; Nellie of El Monte. Sarah Freer;
Progress of Newman, Charlotte Harris: OHve
Branch of Los Gatos, Laura Reynolds; Violet
of Santa Cruz. Minnie Yale; Desert Queen of
Randsburg, Leah P. Duke; Star of El Dorado
of El Dorado. Minnie Davis: Mount Hamilton
of San Jose, Dora Vinter; Cypress of Newark,
Ethel Hollett: Naomi of Los Banos. M. E.
Gardsen: Esmeralda of Los Angeles, Kathryne
M Firke: Woodbine of Stockton. A. Hinckley;
\nita of Gait, Clara Ruggles; Myrtle of East
Oakland, Sara Dolbler. *
A Cure For Asthma.
Asthma sufferers need no longer leave home
and business in order to be cured. Nature has
produced a vegetable remedy that will perma
nently cure Asthma and all diseases of the
lungs and bronchial tubes. Havir.ir t^- j I
■ wonderful curative powers in thousar.
; ,ases iwith a record of 30 per cant permanently
| cured), and desiring to relieve human suffer
■ ;np. I will send, free of charge to all sufferers
! from Asthma, Consumption, Catarrh. Bron
, chitis and nervous diseases, this recipe. in
German. French of English, with full dlrec
for preparing and using- Sent by mail
Address, with stamp, naming this paper. W. A.
Noyes, 920 Powers' Block. Rochester, N. Y.
The Philippine Situation.
Pierre H. Boeringer. who spent several
! months in the Philippine Islands as an
: artist and newspaper correspondent, gave
! a vary interesting lecture in the Mechan
! ics' Institute Library last night. His sub
i ject was "The President, Hia Critics; Ex
pansion and Commerce." His lecture
consisted of a review of the situation and
a description of the islands, illustrated
with stereopticon views.
INDEPENDENT FORESTERS.
Programme of a Grand Entertain
ment to Be Given in Odd Fel
lows' Hall.
The Independent Foresters of San
Francisco hare decided to give an at
tractive entertainment and dance in Odd
Fellows' Hall on the night of Saturday,
April S, under the auspices of the depu
ties of the local courts, aided by the
local representatives of Supreme Chief
Ranger Oronhyatehah. The Board of
Deputies at its meeting last Friday
night agreed upon the following pro
gramme of entertainments Tenor solo.
A. A. Borlini. high senior beadle; recita
tion, Mrs. ML MoMursky; soprano solo,
Mrs. Acland Oronhyatehah. Mrs. Ellen
' oursen-Roeckel accompanist: Instru
mental selections by Professor Graber's
Guitar and Mandolin Club, vocal selec
tions by the California Quartet, address
by High Chief Ranger G. A. McElfresh
n{ Los Angeles, selections by California
Quartet, soprano solo, Mrs. Juliette E.
Mathis. late of Santa Barbara; recita
tion. Professor H. H. Fuller; contralto
polo, Mrs. Grace E. Dodge of Oakland,
and barytom solo. Charles Reed. After
the programme there will be a dance.
The affair is invitational and 3uoo invi
tations have been issued to the members
for distribution. It is expected that this
will be one of the best of fraternal gath
erings of the year.
Epworth League Convention.
An effort is being made to get the Ep
worth League's international convention
to hold its annual meeting in this city in
19QL A score of church workers met in
the Y. M. C. A. building recently and dis
cussed the matter. Rev. W. W. Case.
Rev. A. T. Need ham and Rev. William
Abbott were appointed a committee to
make arrangements for a mass meeting
which is to be held in the Howard Metho
dist Episcopal Church to-morrow even
ing. Four delegate? and the pastors from
each church will be in attendance. The
meeting will be an important one. All
Methodist denominations are Invited.
Nearly 30,000 delegates attended the last
convehtioin of the Epworth League held
in Toronto in l y
New styles mandolins just received
at Mauvais', 769 Market street. •
Park Music To-Day.
The Golden Gate Park Band will render the
following programme to-day at the park:
Overture. "Martha Flotow
"Entr'acte de Colombe" Gounod
Scenes from "11 Trovatore" Verdi
Waltz. ' 'Temptation Bolognesl
Trombone solo
Performed by "W. H. Colverd.
"Symphony No. 1".-. Beethoven
tat Introduction, allegro con brio.
(b) Andante.
<cj Scherzo.
(d) Rondo Finale.
Descriptive. '•Cavalry Charge" Luedera
March, "Charlatan"* Sousa
Advances made on furniture ana pianos, with
or without removal. J.Noonan, 1017-1023 Minima.
78
CANNED ROAST
BEEF WAS NOT
FIT FOR FOOD
Roosevelt Tellsof the Nauseating
and Unpalatable Stuff Sup=
plied Troops.
NEW YORK, March 25.— The army
court of Inquiry investigating the
chargel made by General Miles that the
; imished the soldiers in the Cuban
and Porto Rican campaigns was unfit
for use convened in this city to-day.
c Tho hearing- began Major Lee
he believed Governor Ropsevelt
the only witness heard here.
The c< nit is expected to adjourn to
rnors Island to hear the testimony
he Thirteenth Infantry,
ned there. Any other witnesses
will probably be called to Washington,
3 again on Monday.
■:i his arrival Governor Roosevelt
Is with several members of the
. -. • md, after
. Iministered the oath.
The Goven ribed the organization
of the Rough Riders at San Antonio,
Tex., and told of the issuance of rations.
"When was the nr»t complaint you
the rations?" asked Colonel
„,,
•May I answer that in my own way?
the Governor.
"Certainly."
"Well, it was aboard ship at Tampa.
I saw a man— l think his name was Ash;
I . know he came from Kentucky—
ing away a can of the so-called roast
beef. I asked what was the matter and
he <=aid he could not eat It. I told him
not to be a baby and that ne did not vol
unteer f or a good time and ought to be
able to take what came. I thought no
more of the matter until I heard that
complaints were being made on all sides.
Then 1 made inquiries and was told that
the ruast beef was part of the regular
ration and that all the volunteers were
complaining. 1 spoke to Colonel Wood
Sit and he said it was the regular
ration I tried a mouthful or two myself,
b ive C r°nor d Ke of the issue
of rations in Cuba and said that although
he Id not like the beef and his men
would not eat it. he never heard any one
ZVite meaflS like?" asked
C "\\ P hen D the i cans were opened there was
a covering of slime. It was unattractive.
The meat was stringy and lt ( did not
a with the men who fia.£rved with
••Could you not eat It when served with
nink\t P that O time I could have eaten
mv hat if 1 could have had onions and
pota toes The men would have eaten
anything with fresh vegetables. They
£ tewed "the meat with mangoes and ate
It me of the men seemed to eat the
meat without difficulty or distress, but it
was not suitable for sick or half-sick
m GoVernor Roosevelt told at length of
his attempts to get supplies m Cuba. He
repeated •he statements he made to the
army investigating committee as to his
attempts to organize a transportation
train to bring supplies to his men from
Sl "When did you begin receiving refrig
erated beef?" asked Colonel Davis.
"About July 22, when ashore about a
month." , ,
. •Were the supplies regular? «, V/V ,,«.
"Sometimes. We received them about
"""What was their condition when you
received tht-m?" .
"Their condition as a rule -was good.
The outside was sometimes bad. but It
I awfully good to us."
"What was the proportion that was
"I 'can't exactly say, but I doubt if there
were more than two -sues when
roportion was bad.
a you reason to believe the rorrlgr
; beef was treated with chemicals
■ou rec< ived it?"
••I never thought about it until I re
turned home. The meat seemed good to
us. We ate it and enjoyed it. It did un
doubtedly give the men diarrhoea."
"!>H yi>u hear any complaint?"
"Well, T heard that some of the officers
ami men thnug-ht there was something
wrong with the meat, but I have known
r a few days on a hunting
Trip t<> have a like effect. None of us
were in very good health, and it took less
-it us than it would have at any
oth< r time."
"I >i;l you attribute their ill health to
the rations?" asked Colonel Davis.
"To a certain extent. I suppose, yes.
When T left Cuba less than 20 per cent of
the bripradp was fit for active work."
"What was given the men on their voy
■ ition?"
"The canned roast beef."
"To what extent was it acceptable?"
"It was utterly and hopelessly unac
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Rupture Book Free.
Home Method That Restores N
Matter How Bad the Case.
Welcome Advice From a Well-
Known New York Specialist.
A prominent specialist in the cure of rupture
has written a book on the subject and tells
how any sufferer can cure himself at home at
slight expense. And the best of it is that he
has published this book for free distribution.
MR. F. Ij. "WILTjEY.
printing is, nowadays, such a rapid art that It
' *>esn't cost a great deal to get out a neat book
Aid give it away. The book Is written by Dr.
X". S. Rice, 418 W Main St.. Adams. N. V., and
«v merely sending your name and address he
Sill mail you a copy free of all cost. The por-
J-ait above is that of Mr. F. L. Willey, Shel-
son, Wash., who was cured of rupture by Dr.
Rice. Mr. Willey says: »'I sent to Dr. Rice
'or one of his books on rupture and found It
rery valuable. The Information therein was
:he first real knowledge 1 had ever received
:hat could convince me that rupture was a
mrable malady. I used his home treat-
ment and am glad to say that my rupture
was perfectly cured and that I haven't had
tny return or noticed any difference between
he healed place and any other solid part of
ne. 1 was cured sound and well.
Readers are requested to write at once for
his free book. No matter if you are wearing
lome kind of a truss that affords some relief
lend at once and learn all about the new home
lure which Dr. Rice has clearly explained and
ully illustrated. Write to-day and If you
mow others who are ruptured ask them to
.rrite. It contains advice that may save your
ttfc
ceptable."
■Was any of it eaten?"
"Some of it was, but it could not be eat
en by the half-sfck, and the well men did
not like it."
Major Lee was about to nsk a question, j
when the Governor interrupted to say ho
wished to Bpeak of the talk of the "'em
balmed beef."
"When we left Tampa," he said, "two ;
or three quarters of tho beef were put i
aboard our ship. I was told to put it In j
the shade. 1 understood it was specially j
treated for the tropics. It did not last,
and a board of- investigation decided to
throw it overboard."
"i 'an you remember the brands or labels
on the canned roast beef complained of,
either that Issued in Cuba or at Mon
tauk?" asked Major Lee.
"1 do not think I can. Some were
Swift's and some Armours, I believe."
Governor Roosevelt said he had sub
mitted reports regarding 1 rations through .
the regular army channels, and again on
Septemtx r 10. These reports were omitted i
from the published records of the War;
Department, but were to be printed, so he
said. In the next report.
Major Lee applied to the court to order
a copy of Governor Roosevelt's report
to be made a part of the minutes of the
the proceedings.
General Wade ruled in compliance with
the motion, and Governor Roosevelt said
that there were somfl supplementary re
ports to the report of September 10 which
he considered very important.
"They Include," he said, "the statements
of two captains, four lieutenants, a sur
geon and Captain lirown of the regular
Bervic
"Will you tell us," asked Major Lee,
"what, in your opinion. Is the value of
canned roast .beef issued at Cuba and else
where as an army ration?"
"I wish to say. unhesitatingly, that it
was utterly unfit and unwholesome for
troops. My . xperience proves beyond a
shadow of doubt or Question that at its .
the canned roast beef was unpalat
able, and at Its worst It was uneatable
and unwholesome."
Xo one had any further questions to ask \
the Governor and the hearing was closed, j
The court adjourned to Governors Island.
Eugene McAlexander of the Quarter
master's Department, who was on Gen
eral Kent's staff in Cuba, was the first i
witness at the Governors Island session. •
aid the cans of roast beef when :
opened presented a gelatinous, whitish '
mass, with some fibrous looking meat be
neath, which looked as if it had been
boiled. |
"Was the meat good to eat?" asked ;
Colonel Davis.
"The majority of the contents of the
cans I saw could not be eaten. The men
refused to eat It," replied the witness.
McAlexander said the greater part of ;
the refrigerated meat appeared very ;
fair. "The men complained they could ,
eat only a very small portion of each can
Of roast beef, if any at all." continued the
witness. "Under the conditions that sur- I
rounded us it was no use to complain. It
could not be bettered. Perhaps six or
eight ounces of the contents of each two
pound can was meat."
Sergeant James D. Guthrie, Company D,
Fifteenth Regiment, testified that the
canned roast beef was not of good odor
and had no nutriment. It became tainted
after the cans had be^n opened five or ten
minutes. None of it was very good. Only
about eight ounces in each two-pound tin
was eatable at all. He only ate the meat
once and then It made him sick to vom
iting. As a rule, the sergeant said, the re
frigerated beef was good, although per- ]
haps 20 per cent of it was tainted.
Captain M. B. Saffold said he had only |
tried the roast beef once. He was told
that it made the men sick, and he made
an inspection.
"It looked," said Captain Saffold, "like
boiled meat, with all the strength boiled
out of it and it tasted like tallow and
water."
"Had you any reason to believe the re
frigerated beef had been treated with
chemicals?"
"Absolutely none," answered Captain
Saffold. "I never thought of such a thing.
The refrigerated beef, so far as I knew,
was good/ __
Corporal Kelly of Company B, Thir
teenth Infantry, was the first witness to
Bay a good word for the much-abused
canned roast beef. He said: "I found no
bad roast beef. I thought It stringy, and
no salt had been used in cooking. I did
not eat much of it. I ate it perhaps fif
teen times. It did not look like roast
bi-> t "
The court then adjourned till Monday at
2 p. m.. iJi Washington. Lieutenants F.
W. Ruger and E. B. Goss. who were to
have testified to-day, will do so in Wash
ington.
IN COMPETITION
AT THE TARGETS
National Guard Medal
Shoot.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, March 25. — The
State gold medal shoot of the marks
men of the National Guard of Califor
nia was held here to-day. Sixteen rifle
men and nine revolver experts com
peted. The rifle firing was from the
2()0, 300 and 500 yard ranges, each con
testant firing five shots from each
range. The pistol men fired tea shots
each at fifty yards.
The gold medal (rifle shooting) was
carried off by Captain T. C. Puulter,
Company A, Fifth Infantry, with a
score of 64; while Lieutenant -F. W.
Mixter, Company E, Sixth Infantry,
took the silver medal with a score of
63. Lieutenant F. Z. Pierke captured
the gold modal hunp: up for pistol men,
score 44, and the silver medal fell to
Major Wfgener, second brigade staff.
The folloVing is the aggregate indi
vidual score:
Captain C. F. Poulter, Company A.
Fifth Infantry, 64.
Lieutenant F. W. Mixter, Company E,
Sixth Infantry, 63.
Lieutenant J. L. Hughes, Company E,
Second Infantry, G2.
Corpora] Nutting, Company E, Second
Infantry, 6L
Corporal Edson, Company F, Second In
fantry. 59.
Private Porter, Company B, Second In
fantry. 59.
Private Thomas, Company E, Sixth In
fantry. 53.
Sergeant Gunter, Company E, Second
Infantry, 56.
Private Ajax, Company B, Second In
fantry. 56.
Corpora! Shippey, Company E, Sixth In
fantry, r>s.
Privates Fk-rkenstein and Perkins.
Company E, Second Infantry, 56.
Private Bowen, Company E, Sixth In
fantry, 51.
Private Gardner, Company E, Second
Infantry. f>l.
Corporal Measure, Company E, Sixth
Infantry, 49.
Corporal Ranick, Company E, Sixth In
fantry. 48.
Revolver Shots:
Lieutenant Pierke, Second Infantry, 47.
Major Wegener, Second Brigade Staff,
46.
Corporal Kelly, Troop B, Cavalry, 45.
Lieutenant Le€ and Colonel Guthrie,
Second Infantry, and Sergeant Reynolds,
Signal Corps, 44.
Major Pickey, Second Infantry, 42.
Lieutenant Plant, Second Infantry, 41.
Major Prescott, Second Infantryj 40.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 26, 1899.
STUPIDLY DRUNK WHILE
THEIR CHILDREN STARVE
Three Little McGib
ney Girls Rescued by
the Police.
MAMMA and papa nre drunk.
Please buy sisters and me some
thing to eat."
Such was the remark or
seven-year-old Ethel McGlbney as she
accosted Policeman Koegel on Con
verse street late yesterday afternoon.
"We have had nothing to eat since
yesterday." sh* continued. "I know?
little Ilene will die unless she Is given
some bread and milk."
Touched by her tearful pleading the
officer went to the home of the tot at
121 Converse street and found her pa
rents lying on the floor in a helpless
state of intoxication. A few feet from
them, lying on an Improvised bed,
which principally consisted of gunny
sacks, the officer discovered Ethel's
two sisters, one aged four and the
other two years. •
"That's Ilene," remarked the un
fortunate girl, pointing to her little
sister. "I know she is hungry. Won't
you please buy her something to, eat?"
Satisfied that the children were in
need of nourishment the kind-hearted
policeman summoned a neighbor, who
provided them with food. The inhu
man parents were then aroused from
their stupor and placed under arrest.
McGibney at first resisted, but was
HIS HEALTH
SHATTERED IN
THE TRENCHES
General Evan Miles
to Be Retired.
RETURNED FROM CUBA SICK
A GALLANT SOLDIER IN THREE
CONFLICTS.
Led His Men in the Grand, Irresist
ible Rush of the Three Brig
ades at El Caney in the
Cuban Campaign. <
Brigadier General Evan Miles. D. S. A..
Is now in Washington ill and requesting
to be placed on the retired list. Wl • n
war with Spain was declared the first
BRIGADIER GENERAL EVAN MILES, U. S. A.,
Who AsKs to Be Retired.
troops ordered to the front were the First
Infantry Regiment of regulars, com
manded hy Colonel Evan Miles. That reg
iment at Fort Tampa was made a part of
the second division of the Fifth Army
Corps, commanded by General Lawtmi.
Colonel Miles, In command of a brigade,
was one of the three that fought valiantly
at El Caney. lie was taken sick in the
trenches before Santiago de Cuba, but. re
mained with his command till the surren
der, sharing with his troops all the hard
ships of the campaign.
Leaving Cuba ho was sent to Fort Mc-
Pherson on sick leave, where he remained
several months. October 12, 1898, he was
made a brigadier general and assigned to
a brigade at Greenville, South Carolina.
Continued illness contracted in the
trenches at Santiago forced him to re
linquish his command, and he asks to be
retired in his rank as he feels he will
never recover. With shattered health ho
cannot conscientiously remain on the
active list.
Brigadier General Evan Miles, like his
namesake and superior, General Nelson
A. Miles was appointed to the army
from civil life. The latter officer entered
Uncle Sam's military family aa a captain
soon quieted and removed ■ with his
wife to the City Prison, where they
were formally charged with cruelty to
children. Their three unfortunate off
spring were also taken to the prison
and given In charge of the matron.
The house In which the McGlbneys
live was almost barren of furniture.
In the room In which the drunken
parents were found were a number of
that had contained beer. Tho
family larder was empty, except for a
can of herrings, which had not been
opened.
"We have not eaten anything since
yesterday," said the eldest child, who
Is remarkably bright for her age.
"Mamma and papa got drunk and
neglected to provide us with something
from Massacbusetts In May, 1861, -while
the former followed him from Pennsyl
vania, August 5 of the same year. Both
officers servi d with distinction during the
<"ivil War and passed into the Indian con
flict that followed. With the rank of cap
tain Evan Miles served under General O.
O. Howard In the fierce Nez-Perce Indian
war and also in the Bannock troubles in
Eastern Oregon.
For coarage and ability displayed dur
ing these tights he was brovetted major.
Colonel Nelson A. Miles was made a brig
adier general for the same service. Brig
adier General Evan Miles has been re
peatedly mentioned in orders for gallan
try and efficiency on the field of battle
by General O. O. Howard, General N. A.
>iil< s and also Inspector GeneraJ Breek
enridpe In <"üba. who speaks of the bri
gade of Colonel Miles as one of the three
that assaulted and carried El Caney.
General Shafter since his return to this
city has spoken many times of the hot
El Caney fight, saying that after order
ing that assault be learned that the posi
tion was too strong for attack with that
force Just at that time, but he could not
recall the advance because the troops
were too impetuous and too full of fight.
Genera] ShnfttT added that a load was
lifted from his mind when he heard that
the three brigades had carried the place
with a rush. As General Shafter said,
nothing could stop the advance of the
soldiers at Xl Caney, and these soldiers
■were led by Chaffee, Bates and Miles.
Brigadier General Miles upon being re
tired will take up his residence on this
coast. Mr.*. Miles being in this city. I.lke
Shatter, he is practically a Calif ornian,
having marched from this State to his
last war. He is 61 years old and would
rctir.- by reason of age in three years
more. General Miles' daughter is nnw
with her husband, Lieutenant L. F. Kll
bourne, T. S. A., who is serving with the
First United States Infantry at Guana
jay, Cuba.
Tn Tmrrnve Social Conditions.
A meeting of the International Brother
hood League was held last evening- at the
Academy of Sciences. The league Is for
the purpose of establishing good fellow
ship between men and to assist those who
have been convicts to establish them
selves in honorable positions of life. it
was formerly called the Theosophical So
ciety of America. 11. H. Somers acted as
chairman of the meeting-. Mr. Poole and
R. C. Kruese delivered addresses on the
subject of "Holiness Labor." During: the
Intermission Professor J. Oettle enter
tained the audience with musical selec
tions. There was a large attendance.
Held for Murder.
Phillip Ferttltta. the Italian flshdealer.
was yesterday held by Judge Graham to
answer before the Superior Court on the
charge of murdering Joseph Sierro a
fisherman, on Sansome street. His bonds
were fixed at $10,000. The Judge thought
it better to allow a jury to decide as to
whether the defendant was guilty of
murder or manslaughter.
Horseman Sink Sued.
William B. Sink Jr., the horseman, has
been sued in the Justices' Court on an as
signed claim of Liebes & Co., the fur
riers. The claim is for $250 for goods de
livered.
Pattern hats and bonnets. Children's hate a
specialty. Miss Emma Rtcharde, 24 Kearny. •
to eat. I did not care for myself, but
poor Ilene was crying all the time for
food, but mamma would not wait on
her. Seeing the policeman on the other
side of the street 1 slipped from the
house and told him that mamma and
papa were drunk and that little Dene.
was hungry-. I am glad that lam
here. I am going to ask the Judge in
the morning to let me remain with
this lady (meaning the matron). I
don't want to go home any more.
When mamma and papa get drunk
they don't give us anything to eat."
Captain Spillane is determined to
prosecute the unnatural parents, and
is confident of securing a conviction.
To-morrow he intends to apply to
the courts to have the children sent .to
some public institution.
MARKET STREET
PAVEMENT IS
RUINED BY OIL
It Must Be Relaid in
Many Places.
MAY BE WORK OF VANDALS
EXPENSE OF REPAIR TO BE
BORNE BY CONTRACTORS.
A Solvent Has Been TJsed Which
Softens the Bitumen Until It
Is the Consistency of
Putty.
Either as the result of accident or van
dalism, the bitumen pavement recently
placed on Market ptr*rt lias been so in
jured that it must be relaid in many
places. From appearances coal oil or
some other solvent has been used to work
the ruin of the pavement.
The worst places are on Market street,
between Second and Fourth. The bitu
men has softened to an oily consistency
through to its concrete bed. It adheres
APPEAL TO &Hk
WEA^MEN! E^Vta
SAVE your vitality stop this terrible drain HH||r *^99^il
upon your mental and physical powers, imS^S^^
Study yourself a moment; you can see mSSr \.
that nature is giving way slowly but surely. I§ffijr\ \
So, act to-day ; cure yourself of this weak- *j^f& -* . \
ness while you have a chance. Are you- any -^k^S^O;
different from 10,000 other men who have "^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
been made new in the past three years '^isJlXtfß^^' '
They have been cured — why not you? """v^"
dr. Mclaughlin's method.
Twenty years of my life have been devoted to perfecting a method of applying
Electricity to the human body, so as to replace lost vital power, cure rheumatism, kid-
ney troubles and every other ailment resulting from loss of energy. I have had great
success. You have seen the testimony, of thousands cured by my methods. Nine out of
ten of my cured patients had tried drugs, and other kinds of electric appliances, without
benefit, yet my treatment cured them. It will cure you.
MY BOOK FOR MEN SENT FREE.
1 have published a book, which is devoted to the upbuilding of manhood. It tells how
you can recover your power, check all unnatural drain and cure every sign of weakness. I will
send it closely sealed free upon request. Send for it to-day. It will save you years of misery.
dr. m, a. Mclaughlin, '-™,« "^^ro,.«M,«
702 Market Street, Corner Keanny, San Francisco, or 204 1-2 mailed free.
South Broadway, Los Angeles. send for it.
OFFICE HOURS— B A. M. to 8:30 P. M. Sundays, 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES.
ADVERTISEMENTS. '-,_..-.-
-n $>O<s>O<S>O <^O<?>O 4>O<S> O<S>O-»O *>O<S> CS-O-SO <rO<j>O<S>O<«>O-?>O <!> o<^o<s>O<S>o<s>o<S>O^o<J>g|
DRESS GOODS!
i, . O
o ... AT ... o
1 TEMPTING CUTS IN PRICES. 1
"6 ; . I
_
o
! Too much cannot be said in praise of |
I our unrivaled display of New and Fashionable °
i Dress Goods, for the styles are ABSOLUTELY %
I CORRECT and embrace all that is new and |
I beautiful in Weave, Design, Coloring, Effect I
! and Fabric, as well as many rare and ex- |
§ elusive Novelties. I
* * . ■ »
6 ■ i — • o
I Colored Dress Goods. !
§ At :25 Cents. %
* 2 cases HOMESPUN DRESS GOODS, all wool, double fold, worth 35c a yard, -♦>
9 will be offered at 25c a yard. " O
% At 5O Cents. °
0 I case NOVELTY SPRING CHECKED DRESS GOODS, 40 inches wide, two- q
* toned effects, will be offered at 50c a yard. <§>
1 At 75 Cents. |
<»> 1 case FINE ALL-WOOL LADIES' CLOTH. 52 inches wide, all shades, o
O worth $1 a yard, will be offered at 75c a yard. <*>.
o . At 5O Cents. ' . ♦
O 2 cases 40-INCH MIXED COVERT DRESS GOODS, shaded effects, spring °
<$• colors, will be placed on sale at 50c a yard. o
% ■'• At $1.00. o
? 1 ca=e FRENCH NOVELTY SUITING, 45 inches wide, new designs and %
5 shades, worth $1 25 a yard, will be offered at $1 a yard.
% At 75 Cents. »
"^ 1 case 46-INCH NOVELTY MIXED SUITING, creponette effects, new color- O
9 ings, value for $125 a yard, on sale at 75c a yard; £
| At ~^1.:25. %
9 1 case HIGH GRADE FRENCH CREPON NOVELTY SUITING, latest col- <?>
3" ors, 45 inches wide, worth $175 a yard, on special sale at $125 a yard. O
* At >1.50. |
<$> 1 case 56-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL ENGLISH COVERT SUITING, for tailor <8>
O suits, worth $2 a yard, will be placed on sale at $1 50 a yard. O
| At 5O Cents. %
6 2 cases* NEW SPRING PLAID, 36 inches wide, stylish designs, will be of- O
<& fered at 50c a yard. .'.•:. <»
o•. . ; I
0 {/{/ Murphy BuUdln«r / 1/1/ Murphy Building-, J 9
I Market, anil Jones Streets. Maiiet and Junes Streets. %
% ' m
■JO iQ : O<*O ?>O<s>O<^O ♦ O^O^O *>O?>O*- 0 < ? > O^ > 0 1 t'O < 3»0^04>O < $ v ■*O-*'O^O<* O^O^"
to the hoofs of horses and to the wheels |
of vehicles. The city will not suffer in
the matter; Under its contract with the
City Improvement Company the latter;
must keep the pavement in repair for five
years.
President McDonald said yesterday that
the work of replacing the injured pave
ment would be commenced at once. As
the broken places were clearly not the
result of traffic he has endeavored to fix
the responsibility for it This he has not
been able to do up to the present time.
It is intimated that enemies may have
placed coal oil. which is a solvent, on tho
street to injure the contractors who did '
the work of paving originally. It is pos
sible that carelessness on the part of men
delivering oil may have caused the dam-
age.
Some weeks since a resolution was pre- !
: to the Board of Supervisors com- !
pelling persons delivering oil to use re- !
ceptaclea from which the oil cannot leak.
This measure became a law. During the
discussion which ensued over the intro
duction of the resolution an instance of
gross carelessness was cited. An oil
wagon was driven on Market street from
Second to Third, leaving a well defined
trail of oil in its wake. This is thought
to have- contributed chiefly to the present .
condition of the pavement.
If the inquiry instituted to determine |
ADVERTISEMENTS.
the injury to the bitumen results in fixing
the resposibility on any individual the
authorities will endeavor to have him
punished to the full extent of the law.
MUST HAVE CERTIFICATES.
Special Teachers Without Credentials
Are Compelled to Take Exam
inations To-Morrow.
Special teachers in the public schools
not provided with special certificates
must undergo the semi-annual examina
tions at the Normal School to-morrow.
President Bergerot, of the Board of Ed
ucation and Superintendent of Schools
Webster have had a consultation regard-
Ing the matter. They have given out the
information that they will not sign the
salary warrants of any of these, teachers
who have not passed examination. This
will go into effect on April 1, applying 1
only to demands presented after that
date.
Martland Will Resign.
Robert W. Martland, for a number of
years superintendent of the Native Sons'
building, will tender his resignation, to
take effect next Saturday, to enable him
to engage in other business.From Every Clime and Every Quarter of the Globe Vessels Sailed in Through the
Golden Gate Yesterday.
Sacred Music at St. Stephen's.
To-day being Palm Sunday, the follow
ing special programme of music will be
rendered at St. Stephen's Church by the
choir, under the direction of R. M. Mitch
ell Jr.: Processional hymn (90>. "All
Glory. Land and Honor"; "Magnificat," E
Horatio Parker) ; "Nuno Dimittis."
E flat (Horatio Parker), quartet; anthem,
"By the Good That Thou Hast Done" (C.
L. Williams*: hymn (96), "Behold the
Lamb of God"; anthem, "Rend Your
Hearts" (W. C. Ainsleyj; barytone solo,
"The Palms" (Faure); hymn (102), "O
Sacred Head Surrounded"; anthem, "He
Mas Despised" (E. J. Hopkins): bass solo,
"Pro Peccatio" (Ros.sini): soprano solo,
"Come X'ntq Me" (Torrensi; hymn (363),
"O Lamb of God, Still Keep Me"; offer
tory, quartet, "Art Thou Weary"
(Schnecker): hymn (362). "Glory Be to
Jesus"; soprano solo, "I Will Sing of Thy
Great Mercies" (Mendelssohn); collects;
hymn (365), "Hail, Thou Once Despised
Jesus."
For Felonious Assault.
A warrant was sworn out yesterday in
Judge Mopan's court for the arrest of
'"John Doe" Nelson, alias Johnson, a
baker and musician, who Is accused of
felonious assault upon live little girls.
Unaer the pretext of teaching th-m how
to play the piano he enticed them to his
room on Folsom street. The girls' ages
range from 6 to 11 years. Their mothers
were In court with them when the war
rant was obtained by Officer McMurray
of the Society for the Suppression of
Vice.
POSTTJM CEBEAIi. 1
MORE BOXES OF GOLD.
1
Also 350 Greenbacks.
To secure seme desired information j
direct from the people it is proposed |
to send 5 little boxes, each containing j
$10 gold, 20 boxes, each containing $5
gold, and 350 envelopes, each containing
a $1 bill; to persons who write the most
interesting and truthful descriptions of
their experience on the following topics:
1. How have you been affected by
coffee drinking?
2. Do you know any one who has
been driven away from Postum because
it came to the table weak and charac-
terless at the first trial?
3. Did you set such a person right
regarding the easy way to make Pos-
tum clear, black and with a crisp, rich
taste ?
4. Have you ever found a better way
to make it than to use 4 heaping tea- j
Bpoonsf ul to the pint of water, let stand
on stove until real boiling begins, then
note the clock and allow it to continue i
easy boiling full 15 minutes from that J
time, stirring down occasionally?
5. Give names and account of those
you know to have been cured or helped
in health by the dismissal of coffee and
the daily use of Postum Food Coffee in
its place.
6. Write names and addresses of 20
friends whom you believe would be
benefited by leaving off coffee. (Your
name will not be divulged to them.)
Address your letter to the Postum
Cereal Co., Ltd., Battle Creek, Mich.,
■writing your own name and address
clearly.
Decision will be made on May Ist
next by three judges not members of
the Postum Co., and one of the $10
boxes of gold sent to each of the 5 best
writers, one of the $5 boxes of gold
sent to each of the 20 next best and
one of the $1 bills sent to each of the
350 next best writers.
These 375 persons will earn money
prizes, and each and every person who
falls to win a money prize, but whose
letter contains 20 true names and ad-
dresses of persons who would be bene-
fited by leaving off coffee, will receive
26 cents' worth of Postum Pood Coffee
free.
Almost every one Interested in pure
food and drink is willing to have their
name and letter appear in the papers,
for such help as it may offer to the hu-
man race. A request to omit name will
be respected.
Every friend of Postum is urged to
write, and each letter will be held in
high esteem by the company, as an
evidence of such friendship, while the
little boxes of gold_and_ envelopes^ of
money will "reach many modest writers
whose plain and sensible letters contain
the facts desired, although the sender
may have but small faith in winning
at the time of writing.
Talk this subject over with your
friends and see how many among you
can win prizes. It is a good, honest ,
competition and in the best kind of a
cause. Cut this statement out, for it
Will not appear again. .-■ [
A FLEET MADE
PORT AND A
FLEET WENT OUT
Vessels From Every
Clime Came In.
MANY WERE DELAYED BY FOG
SAW NEITHER SUN, MOON NOB.
STARS FOR DAYS.
Employes of the Harbor Commission
"Kicking" Over Warrant Orders.
Wreck of the Launch
Amy Raised.
One big fleet arrived in port yesterdp-
and another sailed. Those that got away
were windbound and those that got in
couldn't make port sooner on account of
the dense fog that hung over the ocean
like a pall.
"For four days I did not get a glimpse
of sun, moon or stars," said Captain
Jackson, of the French mail boat Tropic
Bird, yesterday. "It was all guesswork
as to my position. I knew I was near
the Golden Gate, but that was all. Yes
terday morning at 1 o'clock I got a
glimpse of the north star and laid my
course by it. Four hours later 1 picked
up Point Reyes and then it was easy
sailing into port." Nearly all the other
masters that made port had an experi
ence similar to Captain Jackson's.
Between 7«a. m. and 5 p. m. yesterday
over thirty vessels of all descriptions
made port and fifteen passed out. Those
that came in were from all parts of the
earth, and those that sailed were bound
for widely separated points. From dif
ferent points along the coast came sev
enteen schooners, mostly lumber laden;
from Hawaii came the schooners Emma
Claudina and H. C. Wright, sugar laden;
from Nanaimo and Departure Bay came
I the ships Spartan and Lancing and
steamer Bristol, coal laden; from south
! em ports came the steamer Santa Rosa
with passengers and general merchan
dise; from Newcastle, Australia, came
the American barks Prussia and Sonoma,
coal laden; from Tahiti came the barken
tine Tropic Bird, laden with cocoanuts,
pearl shell, copra and vanilla beans; from
Antwerp came the British ship King
George with cement and general mer
chandise, and from Liverpool came the
British ship Marlborough Hill.
Among the departures was the steamer
China for the Orient, the whaler Gram
pus for the Arctic, the barks Ceylon,
Amy Turner and Martha Davis for Ha
waii and the ship Lucile for Vladivostok.
The Grampus will be gone three years.
She will pass two winters off the mouth
of the Mackenzie River, but only those
of her crew who so elect will remain
away the whole time. Each year the
whaling tender will take up new men to
rpDlaxe thuso. who want to come home.
The barks Ceylon, Martha Davis and
Amy Turner will test their speed to the
islands. The chances are that the Tur
ne The H China took away an unusually
large cargo and a full passenger list.
■ Arnone those who sailed on her was J.
R Hartwell a Baptist missionary, who
£' returning to his labor among the
Chinese in the Teng Chou Tv district of
C T I he" Tropic Bird, which got in yester
day made a good round trip, making up
enough time to get away on her usual
vilUrc date on this occasion. On her last
vovaee the barkentine was caught in a
storm and had to be repaired on her ar
rival here. Instead, therefore, of getting
away on January 1 last she was eighteen
days late The run down to Papeete was
made in twenty-six days and Captain
Jackson brought her back in thirty-one
days She will be discharged, loaded and
ready to sail affl»in on the Ist of April,
her regular time, with the French mail,
as usual.
The Pensacola was towed down from
Mare Island by the tug Vifrijant yester
day and anchored off Goat Island. She is
to "be used a.s a training ship by the navy.
The remains of Peterson's launch Amy
wen 1 got up from the bottom of the bay
yesterday. Strange to say, although the
line tank was forward of the engine,
the latter was not damaged; but the cabin
and after part of the boat was blown
to nieces. The forward part of the launch
is not so badly wrecked, but the engine is
the only part of the boat that will ever be
of any use again.
Many of the employes of the Harbor
Commission were in high dudgeon yester
day. It was payday for the wharfingers,
collectors and sweepers, but instead of
getting the hard cash, as heretofore, they
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 26, 1899.
received from the secretary of the board
an order on the Comptroller for a war
rant. With this order pome of the men
went to Wells, Fargo & Co. and executed
a power of attorney to enable the bank
to collect the money at Sacramento. By
that means they get every $100 back less
$1 commission and 50 cents for a war
stamp. Others went to the brokers and
paid from 3 to 5 per cent besides the war
stamp to get the order cashed. To
make matters worse the money to pay the
men is in the hands of the secretary of
the commission and will remain there un
til it is sent by express to Sacramento at
the end of each month. Nothing better
than the Valentine bill has ever been
passed for the brokers and warrant
shavers of San Francisco. By means of it
they may take $600 a month out of the
employes of the Harbor Commission
alone.
The Chief Templar Dying.
Information ha* been received in this j
city that Theodore D. Kanouse, the grand j
chief templar of the Independent Order j
CRUSHED BETWEEN
FENDER AND WHARF
Marcus Krogh Killed at
the Ferries While
Mending Fender
Piles.
MARCUS KROGH, a carpenter in the
employ of the Parafflne Paint Com
pany, came to his death in a pecu
liar manner at the ferries yester-
day.
All the slips used by the ferry-boats
are faced with fender piles. These, on
being struck by the steamer when making
a landing, will give about four feet, thus
breaking the force of the blow and sav
ing the vessel from damage. The piles
in question have no greater spring than
the four feet, as when they go back that
distance they bring up against a solid
wharf.
All the fender piles in the new ferry
slips are preserved by the parafflne paint
process. The pile is first painted, then
a wrapper of paraffined paper is put on
and over that Is nailed paraffined slats.
These latter are being constantly knocked
off by the ferry-boats and it was the duty
of Krogh and a man named August Rob
erts to replace them as fast as they were
destroyfd, so as to prevent the deadly te
redo from getting in his work.
Early yesterday morning Krogh and
Roberts went to work on the slip used
by the narrow-gauge steamers. Wharfin
ger Barry warned them several times that
It was dangerous to come up between the
feivie-r Diles and tb«» wharf while the fer
of Good Templars of California, is dan
gerously ill at bis residence at Glendale,
in Los Angeles County, and so serious Is
his illness that there is no hope of his re
covery.
Deserted by Her Husband.
Josephine Hlnkle has sued her husband,
r E. Hinkl". for maintenance. Mrs.
llinkle alleges that her husband deserted
her on the Ist inst.. and has since neg
lected to contribute toward her support.
Mr.-; Hlnkl" asks for allowance of $100 a
month and counsel fees and costs of suit.
Law Library Trustees.
At a meeting of the life members of
the San Francisco Law Library held yes
terday John T. Doyle, Ralph C. Harri
son Russell J. Wilson, Edward R. Tay
lor John M. Burnett, Warren Olney and
Charles Page were elected trustees to
hold durrng the ensuing year.
H. Murphy. 63<J Market st., lends money
on estates and second mortgages. •
ry-boats were docking, but they did not
heed him. About 1 p. m. Roberts was at
work in a small punt under the wharf
and Krogh was ashore getting some slats.
At 1:25 Krogh returned and began to de
scend on an improvised ladder on the fen
der piles. Just as his head got on a level
with the main stringer on the wharf the
steamer Newark entered the slip. In
stead of getting into the boat below him
as quickly as possible Krogh remained
where he was, and when' the ferry-boat
struck the fender piles his head was
caught betweeti that structure and the
wharf and crushed beyond recognition.
When the strain on the fender piles was
removed they sprang back into position
and the body dropped into the bay and
sank. A gang of men at once began grap
pling for it, but it was two hours before
they succeeded in recovering the body.
The deceased was a native of Denmark
and 50 years of age. For the last five
years he has been in the employ of the
Farafnne Paint Company and was consid
ered a steady, conscientious worker. Cap
tain Leale of the Newark did not know
anything about the accident until his
vessel came back from Alameda on the
2:30 trip. He did not even know that the
men were at work under the wharf at the
time.
THREATENED TO
KILL HIM IF HE
IS DISCHARGED
Created a Scene at the
City Prison.
GLASSMAN VOWS VENGEANCE
WANTED TO SHOOT A. SAN
CHIES, CUSTOMS OFFICER.
Arrest of the Latter for Attempting
to Tamper With a Six-Year-
Old Girl— Her .Uncle
Indignant.
"I want to tell you something," angrily
remarked Jacob Glassman, a well-dressed,
middle-aged man, as he accosted A. J.
Bauchles in the City Prison last evening,
"if the courts do not punish you I will
kill you on sight. You're a dirty brute
and if I have to hang for it I will send
you to the Morgue."
Desk Sergeant Brown, fearing that
Glassman was about to assault Sanchles,
induced him to leave the prison. San
chies, who is a Custom-house officer, was
arrested yesterday afternoon for enticing
a six-year-old girl into a vacant house
and there taking liberties with her. The
alleged victim is the niece of Glassman.
She lives at 1907'^ Devisadero street.
According to the police Sanchies induced
the child to enter a vacant house contig
uous to her home. Her screams at
tracted the attention of one of her play
mates, who lost no time in notifying her
mother. The latter quickly entered the
unoccupied house and as Sanchies sought
to elude her she made a rush for him
after calling to a neighbor to summon a
police officer.
Sergeant Harper happened to be In the
vicinity and on being told of the alleged
crime he entered the house and placed
Sanchies under arrest. To the officer he
said that he entered the house intending
to inspect it with a view of renting it.
As he unlocked the door fie saw the girl
standing on the steps leading to the
house. As he entered she followed him,
after asking him if he intended to "buy
the place A few minutes later, he
claimed, the mother of the girl entered
and accused him of having attempted to
outrage her. He attempted to explain
that the girl followed him into the house,
when Mrs. Glassman made a rush for
him, after declaring that she Intended to
have him arrested.
Failing to convince her of his innocence,
he claimed he started to leave the house,
when he was arrested. ....
Sanchies persistently denied that he
had attempted to take advantage of the
little girl. He is a married man and it
was at the request of his wife that he
visited the house where the alleged crime
occurred. . . ,
The uncle of the girl, however, declares
that Sanchies is guilty of the charge pre
ferred against him.
"I am so convinced of his guilt, he ex
citedly remarked, "that if I had my re
volver I would not hesitate a minute to
kill him. When I heard of the outrage
I nlaoed a revolver in my pocket, intend
ing to visit the prison and shoot the
r<^As I was leaving my house one of the
family took the pistol out of my rocket.
Sancbies owes his life to this, as I had
made up my mind to visit the prison and
shoot him in his cell. He Is not through
with me yet, for I have fully determined
to kill him if ha is discharged in the
Police Court/" :
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
STETSON SEEKING FUNDS.
Said to Have Endeavored to Sell Stock
of His Road in London.
In a letter received in this city from
London comes the report that J. B. Stet
son, president of the North Pacific Coast
Railroad, has been endeavoring to dis
pose of some of the stock of that line in
FriKland to a syndicate composed of Eng
lishmen. Mr. Stetson is still abroad, and
no confirmation of the report could be ob
tained from any of the officials of the
road in this city. The purpose of the re
norted deal is said to be to obtain funds
with which to construct extensions of the
line as It is not a paying property at the
present time, owing to its restricted field
of operation. Nothing is known as to
what the result of Mr. Stetson's efforts
has been.
DR. KILMER'S REMEDIES.
FINANCIERING
FOR HEALTH
What the New Discovery in Medi-
cal Science Proves*
YOIR HEALTH DEPENDS ON YOUR KIDNEYS.
To Test the Merits of Swamp-Root, the
Great Kidney Remedy, Every Reader of
"The Call" May Have a Sample Bot-
tle Sent Absolutely Free by Mail.
If you wish to be rich in health, you should be as careful
of your kidneys as a good financier is of his cash capital.
Your kidneys are you capital.
Your health depends principally on them.
If you can keep THEM well, you may possess your health in
Safety.
Now, by this is not meant that good financiering for health is
to overlook all the other organs and merely look after the kidneys.
Your other organs may need care— but youp kdineys most, be-
cause they do most.
If you are sick, begin with your kidneys, because as soon as
they are well, they will help all the other organs to health.
The immediate symptoms and first
proofs of weak kidneys are pain or dull
ache in the back, rheumatism, dizzi-
ness, headaches, nervousness, heart
trouble, pain in the limbs, bloating, sal-
low complexion, puffy or dark circles
under the eyes, bladder irritation, sup-
pression of urine, obliged to pass water
often day and night, worn-out, tired
feeling, lack of ambition.
If your water, when allowed to re-
main undisturbed in a glass or bottlo j
for twenty-four hours, forms a sedi- j
ment or settling, or has a cloudy ap- j
pearance, it Is evidence that your kid- |
neys and bladder need immediate at-
tention.
Swamp-Root is the great medical tri-
umph of the nineteenth century; dis- j
covered after years of unliring effort
and research by the eminent kidney and !
bladder" specialist, Dr. Kilmer.
It is pleasant to take, and can be pur-
chased at most drugstores or medicine
dealers in fifty-cent or one-dollar bot- ;
ties.
Make a note of the name, SWAMP- j
ROOT, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and
SECOND SUCCESSFUL TEAR OF ■
THE SAN GABRIEL SANATORIUM
FOR THE CURE OF
CONSUMPTION
By the Continuous Inhalation Method.
THE AIR IN EVERY ROOM IS SATUR-
ATED with a germicide. The patient lives
In an atmosphere that positively kills the
germ of tuberculosis. Immediate relief to the
weakening night sweats and cough. Tempera-
ture falls to normal, and four weeks" treat-
ment Invariably increases weight from six to
twenty pounds.
The celebrated Throat and Lung Specialist.
Dr. Robert Hunter of New York, writes: "I
entirely approve of all you are doing and pre-
dict great success for. your undertaking."
A SUMMARY OF 100 CASES.
Im- Not Im-
Character No. Cured, proved, proved. Total.
Ist Stage.. 34 29 6 0 84
2d Stage.. 36 12 22 2 36
3d Stage.. 30 S 12 15 80
The Sanatorium Is owned and operated by
the San Gabriel Sanatorium Co.. practicing the
Antiseptic Germicial Inhalation treatment for
diseases of the resprVatory tract. Experienced
physicians and nurses are In attendance. The
Sanatorium is lighted by gas and heated by
steam and open fires. The rooms — over 100 in
number— are cheerful, sunny and well fur-
nished. Many suites have private baths.
The Sanatorium Is delightfully located, nine
miles from Los Angeles, surrounded by twelve
acres of lawn, fruit trees and shrubs. A bil-
liard room, lawn tennis court, croquet grounds
are free for use of patients. Fuller particu-
lars, together with our pamphlet, containing
views of the Sanatorium and surroundings and
our methods, of treatment, will be mailed free
on application.
Address all Inquiries SAN GABRIEL SANA-
TORIUM CO.. San Gabriel, Cal.
■*■■ na #% MAC'S Infallible Pile
rfu w 0 ll ■ ■ Cure! Cures all cases of
Ul &a blind. bleeding. ' itching,
tT Ifl § i» m protruding piles. Cases of
fl fl fl ■ ' 11 years' standing cured by
■ ■■■ ■■ single 50c box.
A. McBOYLE & CO., Druggists,
504 Washington Street, San Francisco.
remember It is prepared only by Dr.
Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, N. T.
Swamp-Root has been tested in so
many ways, in hospital work, in private
practice, among the helpless, too poor
to purchase relief, and has proven so
successful in every case that a special
arrangement has been made by "which
all readers of The Call, who have not
already tried It, may have a free sam-
ple bottle of Swamp-Root and thus test
for themselves its wonderful curative
properties.
If you will send your name and full
address to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Bingham-
ton, N. V., a sample bottle will be sent,
absolutely free by mail, post-paid, also
a book telling more about Swamp-Root
and containing- some of the thousand^
upon thousands of testimonial letters
received from men and women who owe
their good health, in fact, their very
lives, to the wonderful curative prop-
t rties of Swamp-Root.
If you take advantage of this gener-
ous offer and write for a free sample
bottle, be sure and mention the San
Francisco Sunday Call when sending
your address to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Bing-
ham ton. N. Y.
AUCTION
,— — OF —
Investment, Residence and Unimpr.T©*
.;.; Property
AT BALEBBOOM, 14 MONTGOMERY BT.
MONDAY, MAR OH 27th, 1899
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON.
TRUSTEE SALE.
Market Street Business Property
Two Frontline*. :7 :\*
2677 ana 2679 Market street. S.E. Una N.B. of Ca«tr«»
street, running through to 17tb street, twostorss »nd two,
flats 5 rooms, bath each. 2711Mx113 irregular; streets
accepted. _
Choice Business Corner.
E. cor. Haigut and Scott streets, three stores of four
rooms each, also 6 modern flat* of 6 and 7 rooms, bath
each en Haight street, 2 modern flats of 6 and 7 rooms,
bath each, on Scott street; rents $253 per month ; 68-.9 x
110; both streets accepted.
Corner near Park Partly Improved.
S.E cor. Masonic Are. and Waller street, corner let
35x105, 2 modern flaw of 9 and 9 rooms, bath Joining,
27x105 as a whole or separately. • ,
Howard St. Flats— TV. Bode Estate.
1759 Howard street, E. line, N. of 14th street, 3 flats of
4, 5 and 6 rooms, bath etch, cottage of 3 rooms In rear ;
rents $50 per month ; stone sidewalk, street accepted,
27x110. ■ .•"■■•
Western Addition Residence.
559 Fell street, S. line, E. of Buchanan street, resi-
dence of 8 rooms and hath, unfinished basement, briok
foundation, etc., stable for 2 horses, rent «40; mortgage
of $4000 at 6S p*r cent, can remain. 41 :3x120 to rear St.
Manufacturing D I strlot.' ■
110 Main street. B.W. line, B.E. of Mission street, new
briok building, suitable for light manufacturing ; 22-.6 x
91:10.
Mission Home.
4032 25th street, N'.liue.W. of Sanchez street, real denea
of 6 rooms, bath, brick foundation, cement walk, 23x114
Administratrix Sale— Mission Cottage.
2517 Harrison street, E. line, 3. of 21st street, eottag«
of 5 rooms and bath, unfinished basement, cement walk,
25XJ.00- subject to confirmation by Court.
Large Building: Lot.
Greenwich street, N. line, 146:10H feet B. of Polk
street, marine view and convenient to car line*; lot
37:4^x137:6; easy terms.
For further particulars apply at our office
G. 11. I'MBSEN & CO., Auctioneers,
14 Montgomery Street.
..^jfl^^if Bi ? 81| » non-potsoBo»»
remedy for Gonorrhoea,
iI^QrCUBES^H Gleet, Spermatorrhoea.
«<WPriH ito d.Ti. Whites, unnatural di*.
BrdSf ooaranMe* 1H charges, or any iaflamma-
VICT not to •trlet«e. tion, irritation or ulcer*-
!■ fl Protects contagion. tion of mucous mem-
ITTEmEYANS CHEHICuCo. brane »- Non-astringfnt.
%ggk CINCINNATI.O ■■ SOW "»y »r»«UM,,
«SiL an jEmZ* sent iv plain wr »PP«r.
I^HH^^r J^^B b ? express, prepaid, fat
■ Cttrc«u»x Mat oa ntwfc
910
FLEUR DE LIS
WON A HARD
EARNED VICTORY
Captured the Rich
Burns Handicap.
SATSUMA FINISHED SECOND
WHAT-ER LOU A VERY CLOSE
THIRD.
A Great Equine Struggle— The Win
ner Piloted by Spencer— The
Light Weights Could Not
Get Up.
The rich 510,000 Burns handicap— over
one and a Quarter miles— was decided at
Oakland track yesterday .and was cap
tured by Fleur de Lis, carrying 116
pounds, with Spencer on her back. The j
attendance was not up to that of last
year but still the spacious grand stand
was 'well filled with people, and the bet
tinig ring was a solid mass of specta
tors The weather had cleared off beau
tifully, but the track was muddy and
holding. Little attention was given the
purse races, the crowd anxiously await
ing the calling of the big. event on the
At a few minutes before 4 o'clock the
field of fifteen horses were summoned to
the post. The betting favored the Burns
& Waterhouse pair, Napamax.ana Eddie
Jones, with What-Er Lou, the top
weight, almost as well fancied. The Sac
ramento delegation supported Fleur de
Lis and the mare rated a strong third
choice, with Satsuma, the bald-faced hero
of last year's race, the next most fancied.
Extravagant prices prevailed against all
*A«hZte I SK%O very little delay. j
After one false breakaway, Ferguson re
leased the barrier to a perfect start. At
a glance it could be seen the lightweights
bSSsS < c .» H\m u .s £g
baldto of Satsuma, urged by Jones led
the procession, with Spencer astride Fleur
de Us busily engaged picking the beat
eoUig and Hennessy, under wraps of
■VVhat-Er Lou, his closest attendants. At
the far turn none of those back in the
bunch looked dangerous unless it .was
Napamax, and the result seemed to lie
between the three leaders already men
tioned Satsuma entered the stretch
BMghtlv in advance of Fleur de Lis. and ,
In striking for the outside path the lat
ter mare Interfered somewhat with \\ hat
Er Lou. Then ensued a desperate duel to
the wire. Satsuma swerved the last part
and It costJxim the race, for Fleur de Lib
poked her handsome head over the wire
first by a yard, with What-Er Lou lapped
on their saddle girths, half a length away.
?n2Tl!£. Morinel finished a close fourtn,
one'lencth in advance of Napamax.
The winner was decorated with the cus
tomary floral horseshoe, and horse and
rider received an ovation. It was a great
race honestly contested. The keen ad
justment of the weights was a tribute to
the worth of the nandicapper, Brooks.
The best horses are supposed to carry
the heaviest imposts, and the top weights
headed the van The lightweights, from
lack of class and incompetent riders,
failed to prove a factor. This was from
no fault of the handicapper.
Five other events were run off, of which
number favorites took but two. The bet
ting was heavy, and the books had a
prosperous day of it.
Adam Andrew captured the opening
number at seven furlongs from an indif
ferent field, starting a slight favorite over
Bliss Rucker. He was ridden by Ruiz and
led Cardwell out nearly two lengths.
The talent fell heavily over the defeat
of Benamela in the six furlong sprint that
followed. The brown gelding had Spencer
In the saddle, finishing a trapped looking
third. Moringa, the second choice, also
piloted by Ruiz, experienced no difficulty
fn winning easily from Stromo, the light
weight of the company.
To Devin's cheap looking effort could
partly be ascribed the defeat of the warm
favorite, Humidity, in the six and a half
furlong jaunt. He seemed to be asleep
until too late, and then ran into the show.
The heavily backed Gualala, ridden by
Piggott. led Sombre past the judges half
a length, both hard ridden.
Nine selling platers started in the seven
furlong selling affair, fifth on the pro
framme. Through superior saddle work
pencer. on the 4*£ to 1 chance, Roadrun
ner, reached the wire first, over two
lengths in advance of Socialist. The fa
vorite. Una Colorado, ran- unplaced.
The finish between Montgomery and Pat
Morrissey in the final short six furlong
dash was the closest of the day, causing
much discussion among racegoers. The
former horse, a hot 4 to 5 favorite, earned
the verdict by a nose, though many
caught Morrissey first. Rubicon ran a
poor third.
Track Notes.
His Excellency. Governor Gagre was an
interested spectator of the races from
the clubhouse balcony.
The fair sex was well represented in the
grandstand. Fleur de Lis was a great
favorite with them.
Jo Terry of Sacramento was so elated
over the victory of his marc in the big
handicap that he invited his friends to
the refreshment booth at the end of the
betting ring and opened a pint bottle of
•wine.
Mike Hennessy, who rode What-Er
Lou, was very wrathy after the finish.
He declared that Spencer interfr-rred with
him on more than one occasion, and that
he was tired cf the slim rider's tactics.
Spencer is not above taking- every ad
vantage, but he generally escapes with
out a reprimand from the stang.
The ring was flooded with Montgomery
money, and this may have had something
to do with the showing made by Rubicon.
His exhibition was as bad as the im
provement in form shown l«y Imperious
the day previous was striking.
THE ANGLING SEASON.
Whippers of Mountain Streams Do
Not iiook for Good Sport on the
Opening Day.
On account of the heavy • rains which
we are experiencing, the outlook for fish-
Ing on Saturday next is decidedly bad.
The law, however, kindly allows us seven
months in which to enjoy the sport of
sports (to anglers), hence we graciously
submit to the All Powerful and believe
that he doe* all things for the best. The
rains not only benefit the farmer, the
fruit-grower, etc., but it is what the an
gler has wished for— even prayed for.
The poor angler (financially) requires
rain and lots of it to insure his pleasures
for the season in the late months. The
well-to-do angler does not require quite
to much rain, as he can come pretty near
getting what he wants— to a pond
In front of his suburban home, stocked
with the best the hatcheries produce.
Should the weather moderate, the an
tler can count on any of the coast
•treams being in excellent condition with
in a week or ten days, and there is not a
sportsman in San Francisco who would
not willingly wait that length of time or
even longer to nave his expectations
stratified ■ • ** ■ " ' .-■** '?:%'■-- *'.~
K The following letter from "Tree Spoon"
relative to the prospects for sport next
Saturday is self-explanatory. He writes:
What an exodus of anglers there will be from
this * ty on April 1. when the trout season
r,L,lns A few of the more fortunate for time
umH leave Friday, to be on their respective
Streams Saturday mcmlnK--the opening day
int t£e f majority will take the Saturday after
noon or Sunday morning trains for near-by
Sr^mJ such as San Fablo Creek Sonoma
(YeTk San Oeronimo. LagunlUa, Paper Mill,
Creek. Ban ue-«m» ,
etl ' o- hrlnirs forth a host of new faces,
confident that they will return with heavy
laden creels.
Their hopes are generally shattered, and by
the latter i>art of May or thereabouts they
generally quit the game, satisfied in their own
minds that trout fishing is not what it is
cracked up to be. Th^ fishing craze lies dor
mant for the balance of the season with this
class, and as the next season approaches they
forget the previous year's disappointment and
prepare acain to X" forth with the full de
tern:lr.aticn to become anglers.
The regulars, however, for Instance "Doc"
Simpson, John Butler. John Gallagher. Charles
Procht, T) Cooper. Frank Marcus, Professor
Terry, Louii Rondeau. Al Smith, H. liank-r,
"Tooth Carpenter" Brooks. Raymond Tyson,
"Pinky" Brandensteln, "Sugar House" John
Lawrence, Ai Cumming, L. H. Pockman, W.
D Mansfield. Colonel Young, etc., will fish
every opportunity they can get. and when the
seanrin cl'-^e? they hie themselves to ShellvUle.
Novato, Point Reye?, etc. and patiently wait
tor the' Incoming of the steeiheads.
Quite a number have *i>rnified their Inten
tion of opening the season on the Lagunltas
Creek, that is. fishing from Liberty's to the
Tank. On account of the recent heavy though
welcome rains it will he a trip that few will
succeed in making, and it would be advisable
for them to wait for at least a month before
.nttomptlnp It. The fishing in tide water at
Point Reyes was fairly good last Sunday.
Totin Butler John Lawrence, John Gallagher.
Frank Hall and H. Banker each caught quite
a number. "THKE SPOON."
SAN FRANCISCO, March 21, 1599.
Sporting Editor Call— Dear Sir: Will you
please note In next Saturday's Issue of Call
that Sunday contest No. 3, scheduled for last
Sunday, was postponed on account of rain and
will be held next Sunday, March 26, at 10
a, m.. weather permitting. Yours truly,
W. D. MAN'SFIELn.
Champion long-distance fly caster of the world.
CYCLE RACES POSTPONED.
Wat "Weather Prevents the Holding
of To-Day's Road Events.
The racing committees of the Bay City
Wheelmen and Olympic Wheelmen have
announced the postponement of their re
spective road races scheduled for to
day for one week owing to the wet
weather. The wheelmen are not at all
put out. however, for, together with the
rest of the people of the State, they are
thankful for the downpour and would
willingly postpone a dozen events under
similar conditions.
The announcement that the Olympics
would open their new tylck with a big
meet on April 16 was recfived with much
interest among the club and racing men,
who foresee in this track and the energy
of its owners an active year for the rac
ing end of the sport.
It is apparent now that Champion Jim
my Michael has quit the cycling game.
He has signed as stable jockey for i-nll
Dwver and will hereafter be a horseman.
John Lawson, the "Terrible Swede"
gave the members of the Bay City < lub
an exhibition of riding "on the rollers
(home trainer) the other evening that
they will not forget in a hurry. Lawson
dropped in for a friendly visit and was
much interested in the men who were
training downstairs for the coming re>ay
race He asked permission to try the
rollers, as he had never been on them be
fore and was speedily furnished with a
wheel and racing suit. When he got the
knack of the thing he soon haa the
wheels humming at a clip the boys had
never seen before, and kept it up for
about half an hour. After a cold shower
he was as fresh as a daisy, and spent the
rest of the evening regaling the crowd
with tales of the circuit. Lawson says
the Easterners will ride at Sacramento.
Stockton and Fresno before going home.
The regular monthly < . A. t_. c meet
ing will be held next Saturday evening;
that is. if a quorum is present, which
seems quite unlikely, owing to the jack
of Interest taken in its affairs. In fact,
of all the clubs around the bay, the
Olvmnics Bay Citys ancT Garden Cltys
are the only "ones that appear to have
any energy left.
New Lecture on Kipling.
The Charming Auxiliary announces a
new lecture on "Rudyard Kipling— Humor |
ard Romance in His Verse and Prose." by ■
Professor Charles Mills Gayley of the ,
University of California, to be given
Thursday afternoon, March 60. at nait- .
past 3 o'clock in the parlors of the Urst
Unitarian Church, corner of Franklin and
Geary streets.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Saturday, March 25, 1899— Sixty .fifth
day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather fine.
Track heavy. . .
JOSEPH A. MURPHY. Presiding
ij-Q ' FIRST
,ng; four-year-olds arid upward; purse, $350.
adex. Horse. Age. Weight. St.
:. Horse. Age. Weight. St.
ttm.
ttm.
ttm.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Str.
Fin. I Jockeys.
Fin.
SIS Adam Andrew, 0...113' 7
768 ♦'ardwell, 6 113 2
S6l Heritage, 6 ........ ■"_ J
828 Schnltz, a _.H3 1
865 Colonial Dame, 4... 105; 8
861 Durward, 5 11; »
854 Bliss Rucker. 4.... 90, 3
551 Cherrystone, a 11 J I •*
5 h
2 2
7 2
1 ltt
8
3 1
« 2- '
4 1
5 2
3 2
7 1
-11
6 1
2 h
4 1
8
1 tt
4 1
6 2
2 tt
8
3 h
5 1
7 3
1 1
2 2
4 h
5 1
7 8
6 1
3 h
8
1 ltt Ruiz
2 ltt iJones
3 h Gray
4.1 IPlggott
5 tt 1J- Daly
6tt Glover
710 Devln
8 [Jenkins
4
6
10
3
7
A
_-_
8
7-2
7
8
12
S
4
15
""'" Time-* '13 tt; tt. :39; tt. LOStt: tt. I:34*_. Winner, W. Lyons' b. h. by imp. Sir
-^_in. C feew h^aKe speed Sn_»les of the party. Others of little
account. ■ '
o**_*o SECOND RACE— Six urlongs; selling-.' three-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
OlO« * ' '. . . ,
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
ttm.
ttm.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
— — — "r_
861 Moringa, 4 10* 5
861 Btromo. 3 _ .': 4
853 Eenamela, 6 1071-1
(---3) Aluminum, 4 10; «
854 Pat Murphy, a..... 107 2
... Bueno. a • 107 b
764 Baliverso. 4 l*)7| '
4 tt
1 1
5 2
"2 h
3 h
6 6
7
2 tt
1 1
5 3
4 1
3 2
6 8
7
__________
1 1
2 1
5 S
4 tt
3 h ,
6 1 (
7
1 8'
2 ltt
3 2
'4 1 :-.:'-'
5 10
6 1
7
Ruiz .....;
Devln
I Spencer
'Ward
I. Powell
1
6
6-5
10
8
15
50
8-5
8
1
30
12
100
200
[Coburn
; Jenkins
764 _.anvera'). ■■ %___> • _ . - — —
T j me __y .- . *_ .51%- % LIS* 4 - Winner. J. Conway's b. g. by Sobrante-Loma. Good
fei^^ ' Second and vird driving. « the. favorite, rode a Veer race.
Moring-T showed much improvement. Spencer, on the favorite, rode a queer race.
Btromo ls cheap racing material. , ...
Scratched— 103. ; . •
__. . THIRD RACE— Six and a half furlongs; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
Ol4» -
ttm.
*4m.
Str.
Fin.
Index. Horse.
836 Gualala 11- U
677 Sombre 107] \
424 Humidity 102. 3
859 Peter Weber 104 6
798 Alhaja 102 .
798 Earl Islington 10*. *>
1 2tt
2 4
3 6
5 tt
6
4 tt
1 6
2 8
3 6
4 1
6
5 4
1 2
2 6
3 4
4 6
'.■: 6^*:-
-5 3
1 h
2 4
3 2
4 3
6
5 1
Itt Piggott
2 4 [Spencer
3 10 iDevln
4 3 W. See
510 Ruiz...
6 (i. P0we11....:.
5-2 9-5
3 4
1 1
10 15
30 100
10 30
-T.i-.__i is 07 5-16 :30%: 3-16. :57; 6tt*. 1:25*4. Winner. Marcus Daly's eh. t.
_. iinV?^h ____ Me Quick. Good start. Won first three driving.
° ° ffiiaw« but was not the best. Devln's bad riding beat the favorite.
plenty of spede. ' . .
Scratched— 107. . ———__—___________——________-_——
Winner. Marcus Daly's eh. f. by. Imp.
'. by. imp. -
She had
— ■«- FOURTH RACE— One and a quarter miles; all ages;
i _>• $10,000. v.--,.. :*'-■
>; value.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Std. ttm.
ttm.
_m. Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
(83S) Fleur de Lis, 5 116, 8 1 h
760 "Satsuma a.......... 117 11 it
(695) What-er Lou, 5 121 * 4J4
864 Morlnel. 4... J*
741 Napamax. 4 li] _ °*■
(80S) Joe Ullman, 5 106 o an
864 Topmast. 8 .....114 6 « x
841 Sardonic. 4 J*» 11 1»
846 Tempo, 4..... »£ 1» "3
557 Limewater. 3. W«l 13 2
(Sf4) Eddie Jones 4 107 12 3 h
(747) Rosinante, 5 100, 7 " 4
857 Plan. 4 . "* 9 14 1
(843) Espionage. 3 99 l_ stt
882 La Goleta. 4 11*1" 10 tt
2 1.52 2 tt
11 12 I tt
3tt ' 2 1 3 2
7h 9 3 "Bl?
5 2 3 h . 4 1
8 3 7 3 6 tt
6 tt 6 3 7 1
14 3 11 1 11 tt
9tt 8 1 8 2
12 3 10 2 13
414 h 9 1
13 2 13 h 12
15 15 14
10 tt 14 10 10 1
11 2 12 1 16
1 h
2 tt
' 3 1
4 3
5 2
6 1
7 4
85
9 1'
10 2
11 tt
12
13
14
15
spencer 1
i Jones
[Hennessy ....
Gray
IPlggott
J. Re1fC........
IJ. Shields.....
I. Powell
R. Smith
McNlchols ...
4 9-2
''6 13-2
4 7-2
10 10
3 7-2
20 20
7 15
15 30
30 60
20 30
• •
8 12
30 60
12 23
15 30
Thorpe '
Macklln .... ..{
Mills
Hal 8r0wn....
G. Wilson j
U^T^H-^5 a itt"%; 1:17%:-. mile. 1:45.: 1_ miles, 2:12%. Winner. A. J. Stemler A
__ _ hr m by' imp. Maxim-Fleurette. Perfect start. Won first three driving.
' -in,..;. de i-ip ran a errand race and was superbly handled. -Satsuma, after cutting out
.1 „_. » was inclined to swerve the last part. What-er Lou was a surprise, and but for
< . (__»(>n two or three occasions might have scored. Napamax. away none too well,
duff-y-a "much gameness. Morlnel was battered about. No excuse for others. ■
„_ FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-olds
CSCO-
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
Str.
_n T?,_drunner a 113j 1 ... 2 h 3 2 3 5 1 2*. Spencer ........ 4 9-2
I- I'_______1 '_______ 4 107 2 ... - 1* 13 14 2 2tt Jenkins 8 10
_-i ' i_-___rr « « 8 " — 83 22 2tt 8h Co <™"- ....... 8. 10
en Colorado a.. ..110 5 ... 6h 4 5 4 4 4 2 Piggott 2 11-5
in ____ 1..h™ .a .113 7 ... 53 Eh 53, 58 Hahn 20 30
.I. rinstrin^ •'.. '■'■'■ I" 8 ... 72 74 64 810 Basslnger .... 4 6
115 ft_n PoWers 4 ....107.3 ... 8 6 Btt SlO 715 Jones.: 6 9
TH Star 4 '..101 4 ... 43 3. 7 3 8 4 Devln 4 6
7,7 -^y^ectes^;«::lSi » ■» • » » '9 __> G. -Wi150n..... __ 15
— — Time— y, 13- tt. *37tt: tt. 1:04%: tt. 1:33. Winner, J. C. Mefford's eh. h. by Joe Paniels-
mi™ Hooker ' Good start. Won easily. Second and third, driving.
The winner received the best ride. Socialist had plenty of speed. Una Colorado is a
poor betting 'proposition. Einstein Is probably a false alarm. Mainbar was a great dis-
appointment. • ; :
4 9-2
8 10
8 - 10
2 11-5
20 30
4 6
6 9
4 6
15 15
q~7*~ SIXTH RACE— Futurity, course; selling;
; purse, $400.
:. Horse. Age. Weight.
ttm.
ttm.
%m.'. Str.
Fin.
(859) Montgomery. 6 ....111 1
(Bj7) Pat Morrissey. 5....109 3.
... , Rubicon, a.... I'm 4
863 Rio Chlco, 3 8. Z.
13
2 1
4
3 3
f 11
2 5
3 tt
4
,1 'A . • Ins
23 2 C
33 3 6
4 * 4
y —
Time— To tt. :22tt: to tt. -'46%; last tt, 1:03; short %, 1:13. • Winner, W. P. Magrane's eh.
h by Hanover-Blessing. Good start. Won first three driving.
' The finish was very close. To many it looked as if Morrissey . won. Rubicon should be
attended to. His showing was hard to understand. - .r-> .;:..:
THE SAN FBANCISCO CA"LL, SUNDAY, MARCH 26. 1899.
WHY "RID" McCOY
DID NOT KNOCK
CHOYNSKI OUT
The Clever Lad Wants
Smaller Game.
TOO LIGHT FOR BIG MEN
BETTING PROVES THAT THE
FIGHT WAS ALL RIGHT.
The Winner Had No Financial Object
in Allowing His Opponent to
Stay Out the Twenty
Rounds.
There are a few disgruntled sports who
possibly lost a few dimes on the paris
mutuels on the result of the McCoy and
Choynskl fight who are now yelling
"fake." They contend that Billy Brady,
who is looking after McCoy's Interests,
had a deep finger in making up the
"fake" pie and that McCoy deliberately
permitted Choynski to remain on his feet
until the end of the twentieth round so
that those who were "In on the job"
could make a killing in the mutuels.
The absurdity of a statement of this
kind can be seen by a glance at the 'table
of parl mutuel wagers which is posted
in a local poolroom and is as follows:
Rounds. McCoy. Choyn&ki.
1 to 5 $462 *262
6 to 9 861 381:
10 to 13 £63 419
14 to 17 620 310
18 and over 694 408
Total number of tickets sold, 5285;
pays $7 20.
It stands to reason that If McCoy or his
dearest friends knew that the contest
would last the limit the line calling for
eighteen and over would have been played
several hundred stronger than the sum
stated in thp table. So much for the ex
plosion of the eighteen rounds and over
statements. ,-.*.*. ..
The fight, however, satisfied the most
expert ludges of the game that Choynsk;
is a dead bird and that McCoy fought a
careful battle, satisfied that if the contest
should go to the limit he would win on
the score of points. It certainly appeared
in some of the rounds that McCoy could
have easily put his opponent to sleep with
a well-directed right-hand punch on the
& if' these opportunities were offered the
question arises, "Why did he not take ad
vantage of the openings and finish the
game then and there? What could have
been his object in prolonging the eon
tP Harry Corbett states most emphatically
that he did not. hold any wagers that
Chovnskl would stand twenty rounds in
front of "the Kid." Possibly there may
have been considerable betting on this
proposition in New York and in the other
Eastern cities that may have caused the
artful McCoy to travel at ease until the
""'hen again, if McCoy was fighting un
der instructions from Brady, what could
have been the difference so far as the
"auction" pool betting is concerned
whether he knocked Choynski out in the
fifth round or allowed him to take pun
ishment until the referee was called upon
to decide the bout, which was McCoy s
from the first to the last round?
The fact of the matter is that McCoy
is as cunning as the proverbial reynard,
and by allowing his heavy-weight oppo
nent to remain, so to speak, on deck un
til the limit of the fistic argument was
reached he would be classed as only a
jabber, without having steam behind his
blows to terminate a battle whenever the
chance for so doing presented itself.
A quick defeat of Choynski by a
knockout blow would, in all probability,
end McCoy's career as a middle-weight,
and such "men as Tommy Ryan, George
Green, Billy Smith, Jno Walcott, etc..
would fight shy of the smiling "Kid,"
Who. by the way, is at present many J
pounds' too light to battle successfully i
against such men as Sharkey, Jeffries, I
Fhzsimmons, Corbett and other weighty
Jawbreakers.
The only thing connected with the fight
that would create suspicio.n that every
thing was not exactly as it should be- was
the selection of J. C. Kennedy as referee.
Kennedy is a particular friend ot Billy I
Hra.lv and he is also a warm friend of
Choynski. Doubtless the principals pre- |
ferred an Eastern man to referee the
game, being aware of the fact that some i
of the local referees are easily ap- |
proached.
If McCoy did agree to allow Choynski
to retire from the ring without suffering
a knock-out by a man who represents the ;
middle-weight class he certainly gave the [
thousands who witnessed the "mill" a ;
"run for their money," and possibly may j
have disappointed the blood-thirsty sports '
•who do not take any interest in a boxing j
contest unless they can see a knock-out j
and faces made brilliant by a liberal !
washing in human gore.
Choynski has now retired from the ring
after seeing fourteen years of hard serv- j
ice. He is ornamented with puffed lips and
an enlargement of the nose, the result of
McCoy's frequent visitations. "The Kid"
attended the Oakland races yesterday and
complained of a very sore arm, which
member stopped several hard swings that
were aimed at him by his opponent during
the argument. McCoy pocketed $3737 "37
as his share of the receipts and Choynski
finished his record as a prize-fighter by
taking the loser's end, which amounted to j
$2491 58. I
Several local sportsmen, who witnessed j
the contest and who were Interviewed last |
evening, said that they were thoroughly ;
satisfied with the contest and that McCY>y
acted a very wise part in not taking any
chances of being knocked out by a past
master of the game.
MISS MHOON WON
GOLF HANDICAP
The Cup in the Men's Contest Was
Captured by G. D. Green
wood.
The Oakland golf course is in several
parts so muddy that it is quite heavy
work to go round it. In front of the
eighth hole is a small lake, over which i
the ball must be lofted, while the player
walks round the water. The event set |
down on the programme for yesterday
was a ladies' match play competition, nine
holes, with handicap, but only three ladies
braved the discomforts of the course.
These were Mrs. Oscar F. Long. Mrs. "W.
P Johnson and Miss Belle Mhoon. The
last named played a strong game, and
qiiite outclassing her opponents won the
The Oakland Golf Club, men s match
play competition, eighteen holes, with
handicap, was contested yesterday. The
results of the games played were as fol
lows:
14
i Scratch
3
6
3
6
1
5
4
7
7
Scratch....
7
4
1
Scratch. .
Scratch
Scratch....
______
Handicap.
J. Ames
J. C. MrKce.
W.
M. Requa
A.
S. Wheaton
-Hmll_>_lllHlHHß 1 1 111 I II I 111 II nil I Mi
P. H
T. Rlckard
M- iW_lll_--*___l-11l
Cooke.
A, Macdonald
W.
A. Folger
Folger. R. E
Greenwood
F.
J. Knowles
Second
■__
■
W. P. John_Mi.
A. Goodall.
■
T. Rlckard.
Cooke. R.
A.
D.
F.
Third Round.
P 0 1.
!- O
$
j* <» o it
S
3 Tf
J* f
o
o
a.
P
Fourth
Round.
3
B **
r" O
o
a
p
r <*
o
3
o
3
.-
■3
Final
Round.
•A c
•a
o
o
3 a
O IT)
._, 3
o **!
p
p
Winner.
In the men's foursomes, which began j
on March 4, the deciding foursome has yet
to be played. R. M. Fitzgerald and A.
Goodall will probably arrange with their ;
opponents. R. Cooke and W. A. Magee, to {
play it of£ during the week. At present
Cooke and Magee are one up on nine
*To-day W. P. Johnson and E. R. Folger
will pfay a foursome against H. J.
Knowles and J. Melville. During the next
two week? the Oakland players will get
a= much practice as they can for their
match against the San Francisco team,
the first part of which takes place on the ;
Oakland course on Aoril S and the second j
part on the San Francisco links on
On Saturday, April 1. the fifth tourna
ment for the ladies' cup will take place
on the links of the Oakland Club. The
previous winners are Miss Duff (twice).
Miss Dunham and Miss Belle Mhoon. At
the close of the season the winners of the
five tournaments will meet in a linal con
test, the wtnner of which will keep the
trophy.
OLYMPIC BOUTS.
Semi-Finals in Two Classes and Wel
ter-Weight Preliminaries for
Wednesday Night.
There will be a gala fisticuff night at
the Olympic Club on Wednesday evening
next* The semi-finals of the feather and
lightweight classes and the welter-weight
matches will be fought, making nine con
tests In all.
In the feather-weight class W. J. Leon
ard of the Olympic Club will meet Peter
Deval of the Acme Athletic Club and
William Ftoskins of the San Francisco
Athletic Club will cross fists with O.
Hasse of the Acme Club. The winners of
these bouts will fight before the club on
In the lightweight class Doc Flynn of
the Sonth End Rowing Club will meet
Jack Dennis of the Olympics and J. Kane
of the Liberty Athletic Club will box Dan
Barry of the Manhattans. The winners
of this bout will meet on April 24.
In the welter-weight class the following
are the entries: E. Grossman, San Ra
fael Athletic Club; Charles Poulsen, Ex
celsior Athletic Club; F. Ast. Manhattan
Athletic Club; J. Tormey, San Francisco
Athletic Club; A. SnooKer, Manhattan
Athletic Club: F. Tiernan, San Francisco
Athletic Club; J. F. McCarthy, Jack
Doyle, S. Viclni and A. J. Doyle of the
Olympic Club.
AMONG THE OARSMEN.
The University of California May Be
Represented at the Next As
toria Regatta.
J. E. Sullivan, secretary of the Ama
teur Athletic Union, has Informed the lo
cal board that the registration fee for
athletes has been reduced from $1 to 25
cents, and that the registration cards do
not expire until one year from the date
at which they are issued. The local as
sociations are to print their own cards
and registration blanks, the men being
numbered from one upward, and the title
of the association being prefixed to the
number. The national registration com
mittee has been abolished, and each asso
ciation must appoint a registration com
mittee consisting of three memoers.
The Alameda Boat Club does not intend
to resign any of the championships It
won last year without a struggle, and
will make special efforts to retain the
senior barge championship. The first of
a series of outrigged skiff races for nov
lcea will be held to-morrow.
There 1b not much activity at present
ADVERTISEMENTS. ~g' : .
DR. SWEANY CURES
WHEN ALL OTHERS FAIL.
■ . More Cures Than All
ExpeHe^Than All ™* °" --^^~^ ~ - other Specialists
Other Specialists d <o^^^k 8 Combined.
Combined. S. 0 \ S B S-ST»!&S& <
'it mil ■ *» tt. C Jn y a case is one thing and curing it
It is needless to tell the readers of this jffit | T another DrSwean^s motto Is. Hen
but his practice exceeds that of all others j I«VK "^^ V* I 5 emaciated forms orr6w and despair pre-
combined. Now, there must be a reason Z V#l» \ . I 5 where f^™^> coupfe"i with science,
for that. The thousands of permanent cures. O \S,\% L~ J) I 2 7 a " ed Vvth^ln the practice of medicine
Ccast. Each ami every cure rfTectv-d by the t, . WW^^^ «SZ&P5>^ y ' or m ? y , n n P with and check disuse in
doctor, in California and neighboring States ' A^2£:-'>^W Skß^^' pected to cope « St ,5 a nner as Or Sweany
are living advertisements, which move.from J t^^iWW i'SRS^^ r, - th » h S hT- 6 twent^ \™«-s" acflve practice in
house to house, town to town, and from I 3 *^r~ . S i'A'^v /JI^P^V " 5' lth £™rt£l and -« = previous experience
State to State, telling of the rreat special- ,CC X%f/JiiM^^m^^^^ X , Sa ? h h rancisci. .^, '- hc^p ltals ln to East,
lst'B achievements In each particular case. r «*/.'«;- I%&T^ v(^^>'S^S^^# R in three of the ?f.L;« '° d performed
practice surpasses all other specialists . ■ '' — -' cured.
together. . '■ " " /ritnCC
DR SWEANY'S SCIENTIFIC TREATMENT CURES
The most pronounced case- of any of the to«<^LfS»SS Sta^rr? Heart^r^ble^Blo^d'^nd^k^Dis^s^
•'— — condition. WEAK , ACHING BACKS' _.
DISEASES OF YOUNG, MIDDLE-AGED AND OLD MEN,
TThlch weaken the body and the brain, causing nerv«us debility in all its ■««*£** J t ° T £*uJ™c hi" 5 a tl«d
.^l'if"oH S nle?i d da
m«fffito»&^^^^^ Uamed glands, hydrocele. inflammation
U KiuS;»^a^a^th C r d.se^es of the generative or E ans are invariably cured by Dr.
SsEi'l' WOMEN A SPECUITY-^t l^;3^HJaS S S.S^^SHkS
unnatural e°n?Won^^^^ leucorrhoea or whites, and other complaints which often
?esu r it fr a 'great prostration and nervousness. nMnn ., ;.. olt ■„ ft i waV ß to be preferred, but for those who are unable to tall Dr. Sweany
cines s»nt torn as directed. Letters are answered in all lanaruages.
F\ L. SWEANY, 7V\. D.,
Offlc. Hot,: 9to 5 .Ed 7t. 8. Su^y. fi.«m 10 t. 12. 737 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
Office Hours ; 9to 5 and 7to 8. Sundays from 10 to I^.
around the Columbia »nd Univers Uy of
California boat houses onSeslons Basin
ssJhss sfss&sfw&a "f -
Nation should send a four-oa r (barge or
shell) to the Astora regatta thbiear.
To further this end S. J. Pembroke is
willing to devote the necessary time to
o°her sports quite as deserving of atten
tion as football.
COURSING_IN JTHE SUN.
Winners of the Bun Down of the
Open and Sapling. Stakes at
"Union Park.
A large crowd of men and women -who
take an Interest In the pleasures of
coursing was present at the meeting held
yesterday at Union Park. . The day was
very pleasant, as the sun, which has been
obscured during the week, smiled on the
gathering. The hares at this season of the
year are not in good form, and as a con
sequence the races were comparatively
short; still there were a few runs which
tested the quality of the dogs Maud S.
Jennie Wilson, Thorn and Minneapolis
ran very well and doubtless one of the
bunch will carry off the first prize to
day. The following Is the result of the
meeting:
Sapling stake, 16 entries. Result of the run
down-Nethercott Brothers* Minnewawa. beat i
G W. H.ir.tz' Hot Chase; G. W. Heintz 1 Hish
Dice beat Watson & Baum's Belmont Girl;
Xethercott Brothers' Whltehead beat J. Ferris
Cleopatra; H. E. de B. Lor>ez Wanda beat
E W Farmer's Moonstone; K. Prlngle Honor
Bright beat D. Winders Village Belle; J.
O'Dowd's Cinderella beat R. B. de B. Lopez
Wonder; E. M. Kellogg' s lowa Maid beat Soda
Bay Kennels' Delia M; Curtis & Sons Cash
beat A. Johnson's Bald Eagle.
First round- High Dice beat Minnewawa;
Whltehead beat Wanda; Cinderella beat Honor
Brlshf Cash beat lowa Maid.
Open' stake, 96 entries. Result of run-down—
Pasha Kennels' Rollicking Airs beat P. J.
Rellley'a Nonpareil; J. Hasan * Mayflower ran
a lv.- I Marie? Soubrette beat W. Creamer's
Jesse Moore; Hurley & Reilly's Expense beat
C E. Clifford's White Rocket; -iosemite Ken
nels' Lamplighter beat J. McCormick s Wood
byne; E. Bauermeister's O'Grady beat J. Mc-
Cormick's White Lily: G. Sharman s Wait a
Little beat O. J. Olson's Sunburst; Handy &
smiths Jennie Wilson beat Pasha Kennels-
Sylvia; Curtis & Sons' Luxor beat J. F. Hal
tnn'n tip Top. Curtis & Sons Maud S beat
V" Ly^h^Lottte M: A. Ma ey's Lightfoot
beat Mllo Kennels' Rock Island hint,
Geary 's Rocket beat H. Webber's Montana;
A Jo J hn S on ? Tod Sloan beat Tosemlte Kennels'
Wild Lassie; Russell & Wilson's La dy Emm
beat F. Moran'P Golden Russet; J. McNeils
Sportsman beat K. Gear/s Mra Monte; Handy
& Smith's Ida beat H. Lynch' s Liberty Hands
& Smith's Victor beat Milo Kennels Miss
Richmond; A. Massey's Hadiwlat beat M.
Louden' • Snarkey; Larkey & Rocks Minerva
b?atF. Price's Madge Wildfire; Rincon Ken
nels' Swedish imp. beat M Loudon '• Magneto.
A Strehls Skylark beat T. A. GafTney s Sit
.?.- Arnof .1. ODowd's Scout beat Aenelde
Kenn-ls' MaM of Erin; J. Conm-11 Log Boy
beat J. O'Brien's Statesman; paliej &■ fie
beTn's Shylock Boy beat Milo Kennels Irma,
Lowe & Thompson's Lowlander beat J. J. Ed
mond's MorninK Glory: Milo fennels Mctor
Kins beat Larkey & Rock's Myrtle. D. Hooper - a
Koolawn beat Pasha Kennels' Miller's Rabble.
Handy & Smith's Victor Queen beat Kay &
Trant's Crosspatch; J. Keenans Royal Buck
beat Handy & Smith's Petronlus: J. Deans
Gladiator beat E. M. *£*»£■
Moran's False Flatterer beat O. H. Hurteind s
Pivnl Prize' G & H. Kennels' Dempsey Lass
beat Aeneide Kennels' Van Knapp; Milo Ken-
SeU' MisH Rabbit heat J. Schaefer's Past.me:
"enelde Kennels' Pretender beat J. Seggerson's
olid Hill; Dennis & Porter's October Wood
cock beat Hurley & Reilly's Richmond Queen;
it & R Scott's Lord Byron beat F. Moran a
Snapshot; B. M. Kellogg/ Kid McCoy beat
Hurley & Reillv's Master Mat; R. E. de B. Lo
™. Minneapolis beat Joseph Perry's Commo
dore Nash" J. Dickson's Black Bess beat Den
n°s & Porter's Interesting: J. O'Dowd's Clifton
Tab? beat Belmcnt Kennels' Belmont^ Boy;
olorgrwhitney's Thereon beat Joseph O'Don
noll-9 Las Palmas; George Sharman's Miss Sky
rocket beat J. Keencn's Fear Not: W. Crea
med Jersey Lily beat J. H. Smith's Merced:
m MVculioushV Flashlight beat Hurley &
Reilly's Star of Cuba; F. A. McComb's Royal
Flush beat Curtis & Son's Vanity Fair; Hurley
i Reilly's O. K. Capitol baet E. Geary's Law-
Fence- J Seggerson's White Chief beat Ed
Wilson's Magnet: W. F. Hobbs' Mercy May
beat F. Moran's Bit of Fashion.
Will Play Handball.
Professor Riordan, of Phil Ryan's
handball court at 858 Howard street,
prides himself on having secured a list
of crackerjack players for to-day's
came Besides slating Champion Nealon,
"Jack" Bonnet, Kilgallon and himself,
he has been favored with a promise from
Jim Frainey of Cincinnati, who arrived
in this city" for the purpose of challeng
ing the winner in the coming fight be
tween Smith and Green. Frainey is an
athlete of no mean ability, and it is ex
pected that he will give Nealon a good
warming within the three walls of
Ryan's court to-day. The other entries
are:
M. Dillon and P. Hutchinson vs. P. Kelly and
B. Clements and W. Hassell vs. E. Antron
and T Clements. M. McLaughlln vs. P, Ryan
j Dowling and M. McLaughlin vs. P. Ryan
and J. Lawless. ' •
p. Regan and E. Barry vs. R. Housman and
'j. White and E. Curley vs. J. Collins and
M M.-uuiire.
j Riordan and G. Hutchlnson vs. M. .J. Kil
gallon and E. Maloney.
J. C. Kealon and R. Linehan vs. T. F. Bonnet
and A. Hampton.
SEVEN PINES CIRCLE.
To-morrow night Seven Pines Circle,
Ladies of the Grand Army of the Re
public, will hold an open meeting in Na
tive Sons' Hall, when there will be an
entertaining programme and dancing.
The members of the circle extend an in*
vitation to all who may desire to under
stand the work ot the circle to be pres
ent.
H. Murphy, 636 Market St., lends money
on estates and second mortgages. •
MR. RUBE LEVY
WILL OPEN THE
BALL SEASON
First League Game
To-Day.
PLACE: RECREATION PARK
NEW MANAGERIAL DEAL WILL
LIVEN THINGS UP.
San Francisco and Oakland Teams
Will Cross Bats This Afternoon
and Both Will Play
for Blood.
Te earlie ballto3ser. yclept R. Levy,
alias Rube, the erstwhile idol of the kin
dergarten, will have the honor of starting
the spheroid in action for the opening of
the California Baseball League season of
1599 at Recreation Prfrk this afternoon.
Mr Levy having been selected to umpire
the game between Cal Ewing's young
men of Oakland and Hank Harris' aggre
gation of home talent, he will be charged
with all the responsibilities that develop
upon the autocrat of the diamond.
A large crowd is expected at the open
ing game to-day, for there is promise of
a big revival of interest in the national
game this season. Although the sport
has enjoyed prosperity in the East, the
lovers of the game on this coast were not
very enthusiastic last season. The reason
was the business was badly managed.
The circumstance of two teams being lo
cated in this city, neither of which could
he • depended upon for a good article of
ball, dampened the ardor of local rooters.
Then there were eight club* on the cir
cuit with one or two so far out of the
race that they failed to arouse interest,
and in addition to those drawbacks the
management continually juggled with the
schedule and forfeited games until people
became thoroughly disgusted with affairs.
Under new and competent management
having interest of the sport at heart, and
with evenly matched teams secured under
national agreement contracts, in a race
for a pennant and a $1000 purse, there
ought to be plenty of spirited rivalry and
improvement all along the line. There
will be no swapping of players this sea
son and the sport will be conducted with
a view of fostering interest in it. Base
ball is the only sport handled by profes
sionals that does not depend on the gam
bling clement for financial success, and
that interest in it is being revived 4n thfs
neck of woods is evidenced from the
fact that amateur teams are being or
ganized all through the State. The prob
ability is that one amateur league will be
formed with an interior circuit, and that
the teams will play on Sunday mornings
at RecreatLon Park. Another good sign
that augurs well for the sport is the
brisk demand for private boxes being
made by representatives of a number of
the prominent social clubs.
The league schedule provides for the
opening game between Watsonville and
Santa Cruz in the former town, but the
grounds were swamped in the recent
storm, and as the Santa Cruz grounds are
under water owing to the overflow from
the San Lorenzo River the game must be
postponed. San Jose will open in Sacra
mento, and the only other opening game
is the one scheduled for this city.
The teams will be distributed "over the
diamond as follows:
San Francisco. Positions. Oakland
Iberg Pitcher Moskiman
Hartman C atcher Hammond
Sullivan First base Murphy
O'Neill Second base L. Hammi-nd
Rellly Third base Lange
Krufr Shortstop Schmeer
Muller Left .field Borland
Pyne Center field Donovan
Hildebrand Right field Shea
TRAP SHOOTING EVENTS.
Weather Permitting! Sportsmen Will
Enjoy Happy Hours This
Afternoon.
The Shag Rock Gun, Club held Its
monthly blue-rock shoot last Sunday. The
scores were: Sylvester 12, Eggers 10
Lewis 8. Hooper 9. Horn 11, Kick 0, Don
nelly 14, Burnell 10, Ford 10. Seimer 6
Peguillan 9, Rojas 1, Barry S, Finvlchio 8
Becker 6.
A number of sportsmen will gather to
day at the Lucas kennels, near San Ra
fael and enjoy a live-bird shoot through
the invitation of Mr. Lucas, who will
have a select lot of birds gathered for
the occasion.
The Union Gun Club has arranged an
elaborate programme of trap-shooting
events for the season. Shoots will be held
on the fourth Sunday of each month
commencing on March' 26 and ending on
September 24. The contests will take
place on the Lincoln Gun Club grounds in
Alameda. To reach the grounds aporta
men will take quarter to the hour nar
row-gauge boats and Oakland narrow
gauge train, getting off at. the first stop
of train.
Trap-shooting will be in order this
afternoon at the Olympic Gun Club
grounds. After the regular club contests
special match raei-s will be decided.
HO! iOR THE BAY.
To-Day Yachts Will Leave Their
Winter Quarters in the
Lagoon.
The continued rain is delaying the
yachtsmen in their preparations for open
ing' day. for it renders it impossible to
paint their craft, or do any out
side work. To-day the Corinthian
yachts will be brought out of
the lagroon at Tiburon to their an
chorages In front of the clubhouse. When
the drawbridge was raised on October 30
of last year to permit the yachts and
arks to pass into the lagoon it was ar
ranged that the yachts should go in tlrst
and the arks afterward. As the Corinth
ians bear the expense of raising the
bridge, it is only fair that the yachts
should take precedence. The bridge was,
however, raised at 12 o'clock last night
to let the arks out, the tide suiting at that
hour, and there being a moon. The bridge
will be raised again to-day (Sunday.
March 2t">.> at about noon for the yachts
to come out frr^m their winter quarters.
New members are being added qftite
rapidly to the roll of the California Yacht
Club, "about twenty having come in re
cently The schooner Lily V, formerly of
the ("'alifornia Beet, has been sold, and
now lies to the north of rhe Sausalito
ferry slip. Commodore Allen M. Clay has
put a handsome single stick into his sloop
Pactolus and i-< thoroughly overhauling
the boat at Jules Hartman's wharf. So
many yachtsmen are at work on Sundays
on their craft near the California club
house that the scene reminds one of a
shipyard. On June 17 the Corinthians will
cruise up the Oakland Creek and at tho
invitation of Commodore Clay will be the
guests of the CaJfornia' Club. On the
following day the two fleets will cruise
together under the orders of Commodore
Carl Westerfeld out toward the Heads,
returning on the afternoon tide.
The sloop Iris will have her cabin re
decorated and will be put into commission
at an early date; her sail area will be en
larged, and it is stated that her owners
intend to enter her in all the open regat
tas of the season. She will be command
ed by G. E. Dorn and will sail under the
flag of the Encinal Yacht Club.
The Oakland Canoe Club is displaying
great activity and has prepared a quite
extensive programme for the season.
THE EXPERT SWIMMERS.
The entries for the races advertised to
take place at Sutro Baths this afternoon
are as follows :
50-yard dash, novice— C. Donovan, TV. Har
rtaon B. McKenzK A. Beyfuss. D. Harris. W.
Connolly, G. Adler, H. MoKenzie, H. Irving.
High diving for boys— T. Guerin, A. Beyfuss,
H. Seebach, C. Donovan, V. Freechtle, O. Bey
fuss.
obstacle race through small tanks— TV. Hur
ley. G. O'Brien. K. Oahl. EL McKexuie. G.
Clough, C. Donovan. <".. T. Guerin,
H. Seehach. F. Clcuph, J. Benzon.
Trapeze diving, open to all.
Trick and fancy springboard diving— TV. Har
rison, T. Guerin, J. Carroll. O. Schultz. <;.
O'Brien. C. Donovan, D. McCann, H. See
bach, B. Emerick.
WILL ACCEPT THE TRUST.
Merchants' Association Agrees to
Pass Upon Requests for City-
Improvements.
The Merchants' Association has ac
cepted the trust imposed upon It by the
Supervisors recently. This was to pass
upon the requests of improvement clubs
and individuals for various improve
ments. The following cemmunicatior
was received by the Supervisors yester
day:
"On behalf of the board of directors
of the Merchants* Association, we beg
to acknowledge the receipt of Resolu
tion No. 2570 (Fourth Series), and de
sire to express to your honorable
board our deep appreciation of the
highly complimentary evidence 0/
your confidence in the judgment and
labors of the Merchants' Association
While we realize the great difficulty
of the task of complying with your
request, we accept the responsible
trust as a public duty. In view of the
various needs- of the city and the long
list of improvements petitioned for by
improvement clubs and ' others, it be
comes clearly apparent that a correct
solution of the problem to be solved
requires a thorough study of the dif
ferent departments of the city govern
ment and a v« ell-defined and -harmon
ious plan for administration and im
provement.
"The necessary investigation for
this purpose will re ;uire much labor
and research and consume consider
able time, but we hope to be able to
make a report to your honorably
board in time to be of service to you
in making up the tax levy for th«
coming fiscal year. The first steps t«
be taken by this board in this direc
tion will be to place the various ques
tions at issue before the next quarter
ly meeting of the association, to be
held on Thursday evening. March 39
at the Academy of Sciences Hall Sit
Market street, so that we may have
the advice and suggestions of our
members and the taxpayers feneraHy
before our board goes into the con
sideratlon of the details necessary tc
c O mpl l y lO^it°h the aforesaid resolution
of your honorab^board.^ y
MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION."
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bush and Larkln sU. Swimming. Russian, ho*
and cold tub baths. Salt w«m direct from oce»a.CONSUMPTION
The Wonderful Doctor Slocum System of Treatment Is
Demonstrating Every Day to the Entire Civilized
World That Consumption Is Curable.
THOUSANDS HAVE BEEN CURED.
By Special and Particular Arrangement, Four Free Prepara
tions, Embracing the Complete Slocum System,
May Be Obtained by Every- Reader of
"The Call."'
sumption is cur.
The discovery has been made, perfected,
triumphantly t< given to the
world by the eminent American medical
expert-specialist— Dr. T. A. Slocum.
The Slocum System is a thorough, cora
piote and comprehensive System of Treat
ment consisting of four distinct prepara
tions. Combined, they represent tho actual
annihilator of Consumption, coughs, colds,
asthma, bronchitis, catarrh, weakened
end run-down systems, anemic conditions,
laryngitis, grippe and its serious after
effects.
Hrst— The Slncum System kills and
drives out of the human system every
death-dealing: germ, thereby r- ndering it
susceptible to responsive treatment.
Second— lt introduces a building-up, fat
tening, strength-restoring food, which re
the disease-wasted tissues and
brings the throat and lungs into active,
health-.- usp.
Third— lt stops at one? all catarrhal and
We invite
An inspection of our spring
and summer goods. Latest
effects in shades and cloths.
For strictly first-class goods
and workmanship our prices
are the very lowest.
H. 8. BRIDGE & CO.,
MERCHANT TAILORS,
622 Market St., upstairs.
OPPOS TE PALACE HOTEL
* At Auction!
TUESDAY.
TUESDAY : MARCH 2S, 1899
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON.
At Our Salesroom, 638 Market St.
—
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
South side (2111) Jackson St.; 137:6 west of
Laguna; 37:6x137:6; large, elegant residence of
10 rooms ar.d bath; modern in all details; fine
view.
HBURT HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
Southwest corner (11) of Piedmont and Ep-
Fteln sm. ; 50x125; a nice house of 6 large-
sunny rooms, bath and basement: an unsur-
passed marina and inland view.
SHIPLEY STREET INVESTMENT.
Northwesterly side <:;4-56) of Shipley St., 350
feet northeasterly from Sixth; 25x75; 4 nice
flats of 2 rooms each: rents $36; all in Al con-
■
ASHBURY HEIGHTS FRENCH FLATS.
West line (2s) De Long aye.. 200:3 south of
Waller st. ; Isx s o; 4 French flats of 3 rooms and
bath each; rents ?43.
MISSION RESIDENCE.
North elde (56i) Liberty st.. I.'-i feet east of
Castro; 25x114; new modern house of S rooms,
bath and basement; up to date In all details;
beautiful view of the counties and ocean.
- TWENTY-THIRD STREET FLATS.
North side (3SS6-SS) Twenty-third st:* 40:6
ea*t of Sanchez; 25x50; 2 flats of 6 and 5 rooms,
bath and separate basement; rent $33.
MISSION HOME.
West side ■-- Oapp st.. SC feet north of
.Twenty-fourth: 20xco; 2-story house of 7 rooms
and th; high basement; in rood condition.
OTARRELL STREET RESIDENCE.
♦North side (172<!) O'Farrell St.. 137:6 east of
ffiner; 21:3x127:6; 2-story house of." rooms,
bath and basement; rent $30. -;>-&.'
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE.
North side (2422) Geary st . 62:6 east of Lyon;
??xIS7:6- nice cottage of 6 rooms, bath and base-
ment: street work done; also good building: lot,
2:x137:6. ??'■}£;
WESTERN ADDITION LOT.
West side Scott St.. ; '■, south of Washing-
viri- *?xllO- fine building lotr beat part of
city', facing plaza; ready for building.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
AUCTIONEERS.
638 Market street.
WHEN YOU'RE BUILDING
A HOUSE
" • Don't leave the selection
of chandeliers until the
last moment.
They re an important
feature of your horne —
very important
Our stock is the largest
west of Chicago. Our
§ prices the lowest any-
, where ; both wholesale
and retail.
ICKELHEIMER BROS.,
2O Geary Street,
NEAR KEARNY.
"PEGAMOID"
TRADE MARK.
ALUMINUM PAINT
LOOKS LIKE FROSTED SILVER.
' . A EUROPEAN SUCCESS.
For the Past 7 Year»
• FOB ALL USES AND USERS
ON "WOOD, GLASS,' METAL. STONE. BRICK
and FABRIC SURFACES: m*lC3» a perfect
«T-aleamatJon; covers 2 to 1 ovar any 'ther
pam "and. £00 DEGREES OF HEAT with-
"be'aUT&UL. ARTISTIC DURABLE
WASHABLE Prevents BAKNACLEa end
FOWG in SALT WATER GO*™*™
and RUST from exposure. .?4 l A^ : is PEG A
PLE bottU aad pamphlet. "WHAT IS PEQA-
UOWV WEST AGENCIES CO.,
.; €1 and £. Chroalcl* Bylldlng. a. P.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS i.-RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, \\ ard &
CO. European plan. Rooms, oOc to 150 day ;
55 to J- week; *8 to $30 month Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire grates in every
room; elevator runs all night.
& }PAT ENTSI; J)
Vii^r33o IVIARK.ET ST. sl\m^
mucous discharges and kills the cough.
Fourth —It provides a true tonic influ
ence, which, invigorates and stimulates,
vitalizes all weak spots and brings the
entire system back to a healthy normal
condition. •
Best of all, thi3 glorious discovery is
yours for the asking. By a special ar
rangemont made with the Doctor, readers
of the San Francisco Daily Call may
obtain tbe four preparations making up
the complete Slocum System, a-s illustra
ted above by our special artist, by sending
their complete names and addresses to the
Slocum Laboratories, 96 and 9S Pine street,
New York.
r.ditorinl Advice. Write to the Doctor
to-day, ask his advice, and he will give
you the benefit of his years of experience.
Don't delay, but send your full name and
addreße to Dr. T. A. Slocum, 98 Pine
Street. New York. N. V.. and be sure to
say that you read this generous offer in
The San Francisco Daily Call.
SERIOUS ILLNESS OF
HENRY C. LATHROP
WAS RECENTLY OPERATED ON
FOR DROPSY.
Mrs. Stanford, the Sister of the Pa
tient, a Close Attendant in the
Sick Chamber.
Henry C. Lathrop. the brother of Mr?.
Leland Stanford. Is very ill at the Stan
ford residence, corner of California and
Powell streets, with small possibility of
recovery. For years he has been a suf
ferpr from dropsy, and since his return
from "Washington, on the 15th inst., has
been confined to his bed. So serious h;is
been the condition of the patient that
Mrs. Stanford has been in constant at
tendance in the sick chamber.
A surgical operation was performed
yesterday by Dr. R. H. Curtis, the family
physician, and at a late hour last night
Mr. Lathrop was resting easier. Mrs.
Stafford stated that she believed the
patient would rally, as the tapping opera
tion appeared to give him considerable re
lief. Dr. Curtis made several visits dur
ing the evening and • himself as
hopeful for the best results.
Mr. Lathrop is unmarried and has made
his home at the family mansion for a
number of years.
Most complete stock of music and
musical goods in tlie city at Mauvais',
769 Market street. *
CLOSE OF THE
OPERA SEASON
BY STEVENS.
THE opera season is over. The
gorgeous opera gowns and
cloaks, the accordeon hat that
in unexpert hands opened with
the petulant pop of the pistol,
may be stowed away to camphorated
comfort against the coming of an
other season. The sumptuous jewels
that have illumined the past :jr
night may be returned to their
raskets, or to their owners. The cab
man, who has been devouring terrapin
every morning during the last two
weeks, may go back to his regular diet
of beans and beer. The transient dress
suit may rest untenanted and recover
its knees and elbows. For the season is
over. The Grand Opera House is dark
and deserted. Only the sound of the
r.ntA falling due, the patferr of the mort
gage on the roof, the lament of the tai
lor and the modiste will remind us of
the glory gone.
The best all round season of opera
that San Francisco ever enjoyed, the
most expensive two weeks since the
Patti engagements of palmy days,
closed yesterday afternoon in the
Grand Opera House. The receipts for
th^ season were, I am authoritatively
informed, in th» vicinity of $$0,000. Mr.
Ellis will, in all probability, return for
a longer ensragement in November
next, bringing with him Melba, the
New York Symphony Orchestra, the
same company (practically) that we
have enjoyed this time, and in addition
a strong rombination of German sing
ers to appear in the Wagner operas.
Mr. Ellis has an, option on the Grand
Opera House for November. If he does
not take advantage of it, Maurice Grau,
with the Metropolitan Opera Company,
will. We have turned out handsomely,
expensively, for the ElHs season; the
wires have told the tale to all the
world; and our good name is regilded in
the minds of- managers. Once again
we can pose opulently as the impre
sarios' Klondike.
The farewell performance of yester- i
day afternoon, which consisted of the J
double bill of "Lucia" and "Pagliacci,"
was notable for a crowd nearly as large,
but better policed, than ttjat of last
Monday night, and for the remarkable
singing of Melba in the title part of
Donizetti's masterpiece. Almost any
six singers can make a success of the •
"Ijucla" sextet, which sings itself, so to
speak; but only a wonderful soprano
can lift the part of Lucy, in fact the
whole opera, to success at this time of
day. Mr. Grau has elected to exclude
this, as well as other equally undrama
tic works, from his future repertories;
and it is 6afe to say that Meltoa is per
haps the only active singer of the day
who can make the work acceptable to
a representative American audience.
"Lucia," better than "The Barber," bet
ter even than "Juliet," brings out the
surpassing qualities of her voice and
art. The mad scene we had already
heard Melba sing on several other.occa
sions. The piece is not dramatic, it is
.not real, it might illustrate any phase
of mind and mood better than it does
those of poor, demented Lucy; but it
runs the gamut of birdie vocalization
and spells ridicule for the second-rate
singer who attempts its difficulties, in
this capricious bit of Donizetti Melba
reaches the superlative of her tone and
technique. She shames the flute that
accompanies her. This mad song of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 26, 1899.
WHY THE CHORUS MASTER SMILES
AND THROWS SOME OPERA BOUQUETS
A Secret From Behind the Met&a Stage, Which Lets in a
Flood of Light on the Ways of Certain "Chappies."
mR. FRIED is immensely
pleased with the financial
success of the Grand Opera
season. Incidentally Mr.
Fried nays high "tribute to the musi
cal culture of San Francisco clubdom.
Mr. Ellis, Mr. Strine and other shin
ing lights of the company may or may
not share in Mr. Frkd's felicitatious
and complimentary bouquets, but the
little gentleman who stews and
tn..rms and frets in the gloomy re
-■ s ..f the great stage while the
others Btand around the "front of the
house" and look Sweet and important
simultaneously doesn't care a rap for
their opinion. He has his views and
is delighted at an opportunity to ex
press them.
.Mr Fried does not rank in impor
tance with Mr. Ellis,. still his services
are invaluable to the big aggregation
of melody jerkers. Mr. Fried is the
chorus master, and his title tells the
story of his labors and struggles. He
it is who is supposed to hustle around
when the company arrives in town
and engage embryo Melbas and Bon
narrts to till up and round out the nu
cleus of a chorus the aggregation car
ries. But he doesn't have to hustle
any so as to be perceptible; the as
pirants for lyric fame do the hustling.
AH Mr. Fried has to do is to make his
selections from the army— also his
terms— and get rid of the surplus
stock.
Mr. Fried is given entire supervi
sion of thi; work, oven to the paying
of the sup. rs, and for the latter he is
allowed $1.30 per man for each per
formance.
Now right h\re is where Mr. Fried
fairly chuckles with glee. That $1.50
per "is all. -'velvet" for him; at least
it has been during the San Francisco
season, for he doesn't have to pay his
"help" a cent; on the contrary, they
fairly tumble over one another in their
efforts to pay him for the proud privi
lege <>f carrying a spear or holding
aloft a tinfoil wine gobk-t and telling
Melba's is an unforgettable lesson in
the possibilities of the human voice.
The enthusiasm was in proportion with
the crowd and the occasion yesterday
afternoon, and after a prolonged ap
plause Meiba sang a song from
"Martha."
There is little else to tell, except that
Ceppi was in the pink of voice and
sang a splendid Edgardo and that the
good old sextet went twice, as usual.
The "Pagliacci" performance was good,
but not as good as before. Pandolfini
had his own part of Canio and acquit
ted himself with honor, lie Vries had
his own part of Silvio, but sickness
was still thick in his voice. Bensaude
again furnished an admirable prologue.
Chalta's Nertda was impressively dra
matic, but her singing was inclined to
be harsh and stringy. This was Chalia's
nd appt.arance during the season.
I think she suffered from underwork.
All in all the season was a great suc
cete. Mr. Ellis will go on record as
one impresario who kept his word, as
well as mortal could, to the last letter.
And we did the rest with pomp and
generosity. We are sure of him and
he is sure of us. and San Francisco will
be writ in capitals on his map for fu
ture seasons. And now we can pack
up our spectacular clothes and go back
to the old things— the Bostnnians, the
Tivoli, the Chutes. and Morosco's,
where' comic opera will reign or ruin,
commencing next Saturday l.ight.
Kenilworth Inn— Mill Valley.
This beautiful resort will be opened
this season by Mrs. M. Merry, proprie
tor Hotel Wellefileyi 1433 California street,
this city- Persons desiring accommoda
tions will kindly apply at Hotel Welles
ley.
EMPLOYEES TO EMPLOYES.
Goldberg-Bo wen Co. Tender a De
lightful Banquet to Their
Assistants.
A grand entertainment, banquet and
high links was given to the employee o!
Goklberg-Bowf n Co. by the rru-mbers
of the firm last evening. It was held in
ibe art room of the Pine street store and
about two hundred employes from the
four branch houses participated in the
Preceding and after the banquet the
following gentlemen in a varied pro
gramme entertained those present: Ed
Burrows Ash Davis. John Terman. "Ari
zona" Nlckle, A. Kir.g, T. Johnson. Dan
Hanlon. George J. Lowe. Laz Lansburg,
Master Davie Levy, George Dietterle,
George Lonergan, Robert Bchaaft,
Thomas Poley, Henry Goldsmith. Dan
O'Callagruin. William Nobman, "Brick"
Carroll and Pat Burke.
All the talpnt was furnished from the
employes with the exception of an or
chestra of sixteen pieces secured by the
firm.
If your property !« mortgaged and you
need* more money see H. MURPHY, 636
Market street. *
Arrivals at Highland Springs.
* Among the recent arrivals at Highland
Springs are: James K. CosgTave, San
Francisco; Miss Mllllcent A. Cosgrave,
San Francisco; Mr. and Mrs. H. Tuggy,
Alameda; Mr. and Mrs. John Houser, Al
ameda; G. Bertermann, Indianapolis; Mr.
and Mrs. J. F. Sarber, San Francisco;
Robert W. Graff, San Leandro; Edward
P Fish, San Francisco; Mrs. W, Frank
pierce Oakland;- Mrs. M. Raabe, Healds
burg- 'Mrs. Kate J. Willats, Oakland;
Harry M McKee, San Francisco; Frank
A Johnson. Chicago; Colonel W. T. Wel
k. r ' Iv-rk.'lcy; H. A. Mct'raney, Sacra
mento; H. S. M. Mathews and family,
Sun Francisco; George S. Wheaton, San
Francisco.
the audience in six verses and, an en
core all about the surpassing quality
of the red liquor it is supposed to con
tain. Small -wonder that. Mr. Fried is
satisfied with the financial success of
the season and deigns to. hand out a
verbal boutonniere or two on the
fondness of San Franciscans for grand
opera, which they can't understand,
much less sing.
That is the reason, too, why the
girls have been somewhat "shy" on
beaux for the past two weeks and
have had/to rely upon tSeir papas to
take them down to the Mission street
aviary. Yes. it is a hard, cold, undis
puted fact that. Mr. Fried has waxed
fat since his arrival here, for not only
has he been enabled to salt down that
$1.50 for each chorus man allowed by
the manager, but the aforesaid chorus
a-*- <§> -♦- -•- -♦— «> -+-<$> -+-<&-+~s-+-O
<*> •■■■■!
A CONVENTION OF MEDICOS.
Annual Session of the >Laryngologi
cal, Rhinological and Otological
* Society This Week.
For the first time in ' its history
the-- American Larynpological.. Rhino
logical and Otological Society will
hold its annual session in this city. The
convention,' at which only delegates from
the western section are expected, will be
held In the assembly hall of the San Fran
cisco Polyclinic, 410 Ellis street, next Fri
day night. It is not expected that Presi
dent Holbrook Curtis of New York will be
able to come, and in case of his absence
Henry L.. Wagner, vice president and
chairman of the western section, will of
ficiate. The programme is "as follows:
Address of the vice president, Henry L.
Wagner, San Francisco; (a.) Hemorrhages fol
lowing adenoid operations, (t» report on a case
of empyenia of sinus fr'->nt.'i!i«. William A.
Martin, San Francisco: on empyema of sinus
frontali*, Frederick Fehleisen. San Francisco;
a further report on a case of unilateral hyper
trophy at the face with unilateral enlarge
ment of the hard palate and gums, D. \V.
Montgomery, San Francisco: otological experi
ences during the naval battle of Santiago on
board the battleship lowa, M. H. Simons, If.
S. N. : discussions (a), experiences with co
caine, eucaine. tropacocaine and holocalne as
local anesthetics, (b) observations upon the
return of operated adenoid vegetations: non
diphtherltic pseudo-membranous rhinitis, Price-
Brown, Toronto-, Canada.
a case of sinus thrombosis, cure without
operation, Robert Levy, Denver, Colo.; report
on a case of surglottic epithelioma. George
Powers. San Francisco; acute folllcular disease
of the palate concomitant to Influenza, Samp
son Trask, San Francisco; report or a case of
ankylosls of the Jaw due to impacted glass.
James Black, San Francisco; remarks on phono
and pneumo massage of the ear. Z. Malaby,
San Francisco; report of case, multiple rup
ture of membra tympani, K. Overaoker,
San Francisco; a contribution to the study of
rhinolalia a"perta (with demonstration). H. L.
Wagner, San Francisco: demonstrations of
patients, macro and microscopical specimens
and instruments.
For Better Fire Protection.
Th<» Board of Fire Commissioners has
recommended the Supervisors to direct i
the* Spring Valley Water Works to lay
not less than an pight-inch water main
and oTf-rt new hydrants in various parts i
of the Mission and Western Addition.
ADVT/RTISEMENTS.
-a 7 7 s-
Dr. Humphreys' Famous Speoifio
For Grip, Influenza and S'ubborn
The First Stage.
If you now think that "77" is a GOOD
cure, try it at the first stage of a Cold
and you will then think it a PERFECT
WONDER, it "breaks up" the Coid so
suddenly.
"77" also "breaks up" Colds that
"hang on," but it takes longer — so that
the Dollar Flask is best— if your drug-
gist does not keep this size in stock,
take a 25c vial and ask him to send for
a flask; it is the most economical.
"77" cures Grip, prevents Pneumonia.
At druggists or sent prepaid; 25c, 50c and $1.
DR. HUMPHREYS' BOOK SENT FREE.
Humphrey* Med. Co.. cor. William and John
sts., New York. Be sure to get
HUJVTPHREYS^
RADWAYS'S READY RELIEF has stood
unrivaled before the public for 50 years as a
Pain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and quickly
I cures all Colds, Sore Throats, Influenza. Bron-
! chitis. Pneumonia, Rheumatism. Neuralgia,
I Headache, Toothache and all pains. Internally
I (or Malaria aad all Bowel Pains. All druggists.
men have actually paid him for the
privilege of "going on." Not much,
maybe, but when you consider that in
"Aicla." for instance, there Were over
100 local men employed in the chorus,
even 50 cents apiece would make a
comfortable day's income for the in
genlus little chorus master.
That, too, explains the secret of the
attendance of certain clubmen at the
opera every night; those clubmen who
succeed in breaking into the Bo
hemian, or University, or Cosmos, on
a small salary and drop in of an even
ing and fill out a card party for as
much as fO cents' worth of benedic
tine and brandy after having dined at
a three-for-two rotisserie. It has
all alung been a drop mystery to
other and more favored members of
their set how they managed it, but
the mystery is solved.
It might require considerable shrewd
financiering to scrape up the price of
a ticket each night, but 50 cents to
Mr. Fried is within reach of everybody..
It also accounts for the fact that
only the last to leave the body of the
theater w.-re fortunate enough to catch
a glimpse of these clubmen waiting
under the awning — for their carriages
possibly— but then it requires a man
of agility to wash off the grease paint,
fct into his dress suit and reach the
ront of the house In time to display
himself even to the loitering few.
Some of these clubmen can sing— a
little. Others would discredit a frog
with bronchial affection, but as long
as they were prompt with their 50
cents it mattered little to. Mr. Fried,
for there were enough who could
make a noise, aided and abetted by
the orchestra, to satisfy the public.
Xow that the secret is out, swell
dom is mighty careful about telling
the girls about the number nf times
they heard Melba. for fh"e dear crea
tures have an embarrassing way of
lifting their eyebrows and respond
ing, oh, so sweetly:
■Ah. indeed.' from the front of the
house, or tht; stage?"
ADVERTISEMENTS^
IS IT A TRIFLE?
THAT COMMON TROUBLE, ACID
DYSPEPSIA OR SOUR
STOMACH.
Now Recognized as a Cause of Se-
rious Disease.
■ Acid dyspepsia, commonly called
heartburn or sour stomach, is a form
of indigestion resulting from fermenta-
tion of the food. The stomach being too
weak to digest it, the food remains un-
til fermentation begins, filling the sto-
mach with gas. and a bitter, sour,
burning" taste in the mouth is often
present. This condition soon becomes
chronic and being an every day occur-
ence is given but little, attention. Be-
cause dyspepsia is not immediately fa-
tal, many people do nothing for the
trouble.
Within a recent period a remedy has
been discovered prepared solely to cure
dyspepsia and stomach troubles. It is
known as Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
and is becoming rapidly used and pre-
scribed as a radical cure for every form
of dyspepsia.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets have been
placed before the public and are sold
by all druggists for 50 cents per pack-
age. It is prepared by the F. A. Stuart
Co., Marshall, Mich., and while it
promptly and effectually restores a vig-
orous digestion, at the same time is
perfectly harmless and will not injure
the most delicate stomach, but on the
contrary by giving perfect digestion
strengthens the stomach, improves the
appetite and makes life worth living.
Send for free book on Stomach Dis-
eases.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
A Superb Train
>g&gg?K EVERY DAY IN THE YEAB
M§*«**|*-|^ VIA THE
flßSP'Diiiofl Pacific.
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUT CHANGE.
BUFFET SMOKING AND LIBRARY CARS
WITH BARBER SHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS.
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
ONLY ZVt DAYS TO CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco daily at, 6 p. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, General Agent.
. No. 1 Montgomery street, San Francisco.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAiLROAD.
FROM SAN FRAXCISCo'Vc i MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAr ALL.
WEEK DAYS-*7:29. "9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:46.
I: EXTRA*TRIFk-For m San Rafael on Mon-
«ay£ W&neVdiy* and Saturdays at 11:30 p m.
SUNDAYS— «B:OO, *10:00, *n:JO a. m. , '1.10,
* EXTRA." TRIP? : nn P - Mondays. Wednesday.
*%%^3f-&O 8^n0;«, -11:55 a. m.;
•1-15 *3'lo, 4:40, *6:20 p. m. -, -.-V -■■-
Train* marked • start from San Quentin.
FROM MUL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO. J
WEEK DATB-B:«. 8:45. 7:55, 9:40 a. m.;
12 EXTRA TKIPS on "Mondays. Wednesday.
*^-^y£VOO 7 i0?05 r a m m.: 12:05. 1:20. »
6:00. 6:20 p. - HROuOH TRAINS
7 JO a. m. week days-^-Caiadero and way «ta n».
8:46 p.?« Saturdays-Duncan Mills and way
S:2O a B m. U 6unaay»— Duncan Mill* and way *ta-«.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC railway.
(Via Sausalito Terry.) - _ V
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday,
S^v^'a^i, «
«u,,t, 8»a mncisea. -',
ADVERTISEMENTS. ______J__ _____
® ©
ICITYOF^ PARIS
I DRY GOODS COMPANY. 1
! CLOAK AND SUIT
I DEPARTMENT. I
..EASTER NOVELTIES.. |
| EXCLUSIVE DESIGNS. MODERATE PRICES. ; |
I IMPORTED SILK AND LACE COSTUMES. WHITE AND I
I COLORED ORGANDIE SUITS, CONFIRMATION DRESSES, I .
I ELEGANT SILK AND LACE CAPES, SILK AND CLOTH |
I JACKETS. The largest assortment ever shown in | !
I San Francisco. I
I We make a specialty of $25 TAILOR-MADE SUITS in eight |
I different styles and principal colors. I
% COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY EXECUTED. <|
A ■ ' ■ <•>
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, 1
® S. E. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, San Franoisoo. <V
® VISION SQUARE. |>
ft WSRID FAMQUSI V 8 N
AI? B AN 1
"ufsi^j WINE..TONIC
!SiUL^<i for NERVOUS TROUBLES, THROAT axd lung DISEASES."
«eST££"O . IXDIGESTIOX. BLOODLESSXESS, IMPOTEX'-V. OVERWORK.
V^ >«»it^/ OVERSTRAIX BODILY OR MENTAL, FROM WHATEVER
'CAUSES PROFOUND INERTIA AXD DEPRESSION, TARDY
CONVALESCENCE. MALARIA AND WEAKNESSES OF ALL,
KINDS.
Mariani Wine Is Specially Recommended to Overcome 111 Effects of
La Grippe, General Debility, Spring Fever.
PRESS PRIXCES. CARDINALS. ARCHBISHOPS and other distinguished personages. .
MARIANI & CO., 52 WEST 15TH STREET, NEW YORK,
Parls-41 Boulevard Haussmann: London- '' Mortimer St.; Montreal-S7 St. James Bt.
BAHiBOAD TRAVEL.
•OVTHBBH r-K'lFir lOJIPAST.
(PAOiriC SIfHTKM.*
Crstlßs ■••▼« nii<l nrv <!■•• •» arrive a*
MAN |-K.4M'I««.
(Main lino. Foot of Market Street) .
tSATB — From Dea IS, 1883. — *mur»
♦6i«Oa Nlles, Sao Jose »nd Way Stations. *S««a
7iOOa Beiilciss Suisuu and Sacramento.... 0:43*
7:o«t Maasrllle, Oro?!llo and Redding rla
Woodland 8:43*
» :«Oa Elmira, Vaosrille sad Ruiuaay »:43»
7 ISO a Martinez, Bsn Rtmon, Vsiiejo. N»ps»
OsJUtofa, »nd BoAts Hobs. ..... SllS*
8:O»» Atlantic Ex prew, Ogdeu and Kut.. »*'l3»
*i»o* H»i, Joan, liTermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacrauifßto, Plsoarrllle,
MarysTltlo. CLlco, Ke<l IliiilT 4tl«t
■:3O« *Milton. Oftkdkle and Jamestown... 4tlSr
•>O«a Martlnea, Tr«cy, Lathrop, Stockton. _-_'
Meroed and lfreeao I«tl»»
MOt Fresno, Uskersll«ld. 'Hunt* lUrliar*.
Lus Aogeles, Darning. £1 Faso.
New Orleans and Bast «:45»
10:00 v Vall^o. Martinez aud Way Station* ?<43*
lStw»M Van, U*erm«re. Btockton. Stan-
mento, MendoU. Hanford, Vlsalla,
PonerriUe 4sll»»
•lt*«p 3««rfcii>euto I'^Ter Steanieta. ......;. ' «B:«Or
4i«or Martlnen. S«n.. lUmon, Vallejo,
■•'.-■' Nap*. Oallstiiga. S»nU it'"** Oil»»
4i«or !<■!*, Vaonille, HacraniAiito,
Wooilluud. KnighU Landing.
MarysTllle, Oro»llle 10:49*
4t3Or NUes, Ban Jose aud Stockton «:13»
•-.OOrftan Franclaoo and Los Angeles
Limited. Fresno. Bakersfleld, Los
Asgels* «t4a»
SiSOp Stockton, Merced. Fresno I*ii3#
StS«r Maniu««, Trioy, ii-ndoU. Freirao.
Mo1«t«, Santa iJarbara and l.oi
As«elea •«•»»•
:OOP Pacific Coast Limited, El Paso,
Fort Worth, Little nock. St. - •»' -
Louis, Calearo and East 19:45 A
fiS«r Hams rv Rwk, A»:~..a» .•.«i''«3«
fur Mi>Ja»« nnd J<^»t •:«»
SiOOr Kuropoau Mall. <i .le>. and K«st.... 9i43 »
«:Owp Haywarda, Nlles and Sao Jose 7i4»a
•ttiOOr Vatlejo - I*:13»
OtOOr Vallfljo, Port Cost* and Way Bu-
ttons t»«43»
hl«r Oregon ICxpr«as,4*«raiMeiitu. Marys,
will*.. Re<Mlng. Por»laii-1, l'.ige*
huiii.dand Kasl 8ilB»
«I*r*»* Sattset Limited. Fresno, T.ot
Angles. El Pa#o. New OrleMS
•BlEut M.4»»
"kkii LKANimo AS"l» II»VW.4KI»s I.OCkK
(Foot ot Market Street ) r,
1 Moiroto, Semlnnrr I'ark,
SiOOa Utrlilmrir. KluiliurKt, «i«.la
WtO»A San l^nnilro. South San 1*9:43 a
lO.ooa Lean.iro. K»tu.ltllo, 10:43t
Uli«o* Lorenso, Cherry < >* : i 5 '
«»«OP and HIV
■'••' HajwiWil*. '»'**»
*•••* < Buns through to NHes 7l * 3 *
> I From Slles I
" COAST DIVISION (Narrow (.Mnge). "
, (Foot of Market Strtet.) ■-■- ■ .
" llil3*.Newark.Cent^rTiUe,SanJoso,Felton,
BonlderOrtek.SantaOruiandway
flUtlon*. • s>3 «»
••tlSp Newark Oenterrille, Ban Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Bants Orus and Principal Way -- _
Station* •io>3«»
«:l»p Newark. San Joe« and Los Gatos... »i«»a
tll:<sp Hunter*' Excursion, San Jose and ,__
' . WayßUtlors ■ t"'«»»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
frsa SIS mXCISCO— Xwt of atrktt Strut (Slip 3)—
•7:16 9:CO 11:00 4. v. tl:OB *2:00 )3:0O
•4:00 tB:OO *S:o3r.u.
rrssOHUIS— Fsst •< Broadway.— 'o:oo 8:00 I 0:00».«.
112:00 «l:03 t2:03 *3:00 t»-00 "8:0Qrjl.
~~~- COAST DIVISION (HroaUliauye).
(Third and Townaeiiil SU)
7:O«* San .line nml Wny SUM,, us (New
Almadeu Wednesdays 0n1y)... li*«»
•iOO* Nail .line, Tim lii:<», H.«iit» l.'nix,
Pacldc Grots, Fmii nobles,. Han
:.:ila oiilspo, Quadalupe, Surf ami
Prlndi»l Way Stations V l l*
lOi4n« San .loss an.l Way Stations 2 ! "2*
lIiSOa Ban Joan ami Way fitatlpus 8i3l»
•*i4Br San M»teo, Redwood. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Bants Clara, Ha u Jose,
Ollroy, Hnllister. Santa Crux,
gallnaa, Monterey and TaciHe
flrove • # l«»«3*Js,
•StSOp Sail Jose aud Way Stations •iIiOOA
•lilSi- San Jos* ami Principal Way Stations ". : "*
•StOOp Ban Jose and Principal Way Stations e:33A
Si SOp San .lose and Principal Way Stations * : s'»»
S:»Op Ban Jose aud Way Stations i' 22*
»lli4ap Ban Jose and Way Stations 7iilO*
A for Moniiug. . P (or Aftenioon.
• Siimlay* ««e«i>fe<l : Sundays only. ♦ SatimUys ou!y
"(Mondays tnd Thursdays. aTuesdays and Saturdays.,
•.Saturdays and Wednesdays. 6Tbo»d»fo and Sundays.
BUY A FARM FOR SILVER
AND SELL THE PRODUCTS FOR
GOLD.
YOU CAN DO IT IN
>f MEXICO,
RAISING COFFEE. ORANGES, BAN^-NAS
AND CATTLE.
THE MEXICAN CENTRAL STAND-
ARD GAUGE RAILWAY
Reaches all the important points in the Re-
public.
Excursion tickets, limited nine months from
date of sale, may be purchased at any rail-
road ticket office.
Address the undersigned for descriptive mat-
ter, Including "Facts and Figures About Mex-
ico," mailed free.
C. E. MINER.
General Western Agent, room 209 Houser build-
ing. St: Louis. Mo.
W. D. MURDOCH,
i Asst. Gen'l Pass. Aft~ City or Mexico.
HAIXROAJD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO.
I_iHISSH3H3
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFI3
RAILWAY COMPANY.
baron Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO BAN RAFAEL.
' WEEK DAYS— 7:BO, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 13:**;
: 3:80 6:10, 6:20 p. m. Thursdays— trl|»
! at 11:80 p. ra. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:6*
and 11:30 p. ni.
61TNDAYS— S:OC, 9:30. 11:00 a. m. : 1:30, »:3«w
coo 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
U'EEK DAYS— B:IO. 7:60, 9:20. 11:10 a. m. : U:45.
40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:65 and 6:35 p. m.
£UNDAYS-8:iO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. : 1:40, t:4V
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetxen Park
same schedule as above.
1 Leave Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
. — October 18. ' —
! ■Week I Sun- 1803. Bun- i Week ,
Days. ' Days. .Destination. days. ' day*. ;
i |— ;' t 1 -™^ mm
' T:SO am' S:Coam! Novato.- 10:40 am 8 •♦) am,
■: 8:3-3 pI 8:30 am Petaluma «:1Q 10:35 an
1 6:10 pmi 5:00 pm; Santa Rosa, 7:95 pm 8:23 t2m>
Fulton.
' ?:iO am Windsor. lOili as*
HeaWsburg.
Lyttoa.
Goyserville,
I B:Sopm 8:00 am Cloverdaie. TiS5 pro «:M pa>
Hapland and
7:30 am Ukian. 7:35 pm 6:t2 pn»
7:30 am 10:» an»
8:00 am Ourneyvllle. 7:85 pm .
, 8:S0 pm ■ tatpn _
7:10 am 8:00 am. Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 ma
and ' ■
6:10 pmj 6:00 pm Olen SUen. 4:10 pm t:tt pm
7:10 am 8:00 am. Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10: £5 ftta
1:30 pmi 5:00 prat 7:36 pmi 8:« pza
' Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark W^
Springs: at Lytton for Lyttoa Springs; at O«y«
Mn-Ul« for Sln«rs Spring"*; at Clpverdfclo *b»
ib« Oeysers; at Hopiand for Duncan Springs,
- Highiand Springs, - KclaejrvtU*. Carlsba*
Bpr!nj;s. Soda Bay. Lakapcrt and Bartlet*
■ fpr!n«s: at UUlah for Vichy Springs, Saxatog*
FrrtnKß. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witts*
i Springs, Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley.
jTohn Day's. Riverside, Llerley's, BuotnoU Is.
■ Fanhedrtn Hrtehts. Kullrtil^ BoonevUle, OrT 1 *
Hot Sprints, Mendoclno City, Fort Bra**. ;
P.estport. Usal. Willltts. Laytonvllle. Cum*
tiling's. BalTs Springs. Harris. Olaen's. Dyer.
i Ecotla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
; ''on 0 Sunday*' round trip tickets to all points
On Sundays round trip tickets t© all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates. ,
Ticket Offices. «0 Market St.. Chronicle bid*.
H C "WHITING. ■- •:• v .- R. X. RTAM,
i Oaacral Maou«r. Cten, Pass AsepSk
California
Limited
i Santa fe Route
' Connecting: Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 5
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES-
' DAY. FRIDAY. Wjsm
! Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M.the
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New-
York at l:3O P. M. Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday. -V-^ v -
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Electrio
Lighted Sleeping Car.
1 This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SAI FRANCISCO TICKETIfTICE— 121 MARKET SI. -
TELEPHONE MAIN 15J1. ' - "
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway. .
Sacramento Offioe— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Offioe— 7 West Santa Clara St.
-_ - . - ' ;
?::: saw f^ctsuU a^ w juaqoij!
valley RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2s. 1899. trains will run as follows!
South-bound. \ ! North- bound; i
Vassen- Mixed. (Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger. '
Daily. Kxc'ptd Bxc'ptd Dally. ,
7:20 am 10: 30 am Btoctton 8:45 pm t: 00 pra
9:10 am 1:06 pm Merced 12:40 pmi 4:18 pn«
10:43 am: 5;35 pm Fresno »:30 ami 2:42 pm.
11:38 am 7:40 pm Hanford 7:45 am! 1:45 proj
2:25 pm l£:30 am! Bakerafleld ; 2:00 am 11:00 ami
11:59 am 6:23 pin' VtsoJla ! 6:40 ami l:« prq,
12:15 pm! 6:63 pml Tulare ■ -5:50 am: 1:0} pr^
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.- '
For particulars of stace and ether connections]
inquire at Traffic Mana«ei-'< Office. 331 Marke|
1112
s*v PRANCMtCO CALL.
prSTNF-SS OFFICE of the San FraoeUeo
C*Tl \vrr:er ct Market and Third street*. op«n
vntti It o'clock rvory algal In the year.
KRAXCM OFFICES— «I Montgomery »tr*et.
c^fttt CSayj osX>n until I M o'ciocJc
tl^t Haj*« *tr*<>t; opon until *:» o'clock.
*~!l McAllister .I-*!, cp«n until $-.30 o'clock.
»U 1-srKin »tr*et; open until $:$0 o'clock.
s«*i Mission *tr«»<-t; c^n until 10 o'clock.
£;>: Mrts-K.-t t-tiv«t, «.-*sru*r Sixteenth; open
l,v KJrrrnth Mtt^t; cr*n until » o'clock.
rM* Mis-sicn *trf«»t: cp«-n until * o'clock.
NW. »vm<r of Twfnty-vivnJ *nJ Kentucky
»tifft>: .-|vr. nr.t'.l - . .■■..-.■ k.
CHI ROM NOTICES.
FIRST CWET*_*tfciiwtf Church, corner Post and
.Vxsv-n stss.— Rev. vi«ws<« c lama, D.D.,
rss-ior. will i-rv.uh _t b-lh services; 11 _. «1. '
i.. f .- t , ••\«a V* Would Not"; 7:SO :■. m.
ih*tn«w "IV Ye Now Believe?" Ultra cor-
rfvaiiy tnvitM.
FOURTH 1* Congregational Church, corner of
»;--<■;•■ ar.-i j?;,vktt-n sts. and Montgomery aye.
-■Kov. S, Slocomb*, Morning, sermon on
"Strci'.S't!"." : <?v«-r.int, a ilk to sailors on
*OThe :._______ of l-'t'*-"
~-'~ii\NY Cwusr««ati©nal Church. Bartlett
. "t, near T«o:it> -r.flh-Rev. W. C Pond,
r~*to- Professor J. H. QoodellJ morning;
wper service, trom 8 to 6 evening.
CALVARY* Presbyterian Church, corner Pow-
eu and Geary sts.— Rev. John HemphlU, V.V..
rhetor Services at 11 a, m. and 7:3i> r. m.
I-'.' the evening Mrs. Ballington I With will
s : v\k o;i her work among prisoners. <"h'.l- i
_re_ r.-.iy Ye presented for baptism ax th? be-
r i_ n tßc of tho morning servlc*. Music, morn-
ingl-Antfcem. "O Be Joyful in the Lord."
Mosenthal: offertory. "O Love Divine"
(Nevin). a!to solo. Miss B#re*ford Joy M. :*:.-.
evenings-Anthem, '-Praise tho Lord. H flat
' (Holden}; offertory, Je*us. Thou Art ;
Standing*' iT. O. Sher-hcrd*. soprano solo
and quartet. Ali are made i. welcome.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner Hayes and Buchanan sis
Rev John Stephens, rastor: residence. 30?
Haight st. Preaching at 11 a. m. and i:W
r m The rastor will preach et 11 a m .
topic "Tho Triumph of Christ." At r:3O p.
m." 3dis_ Henrietta Bancroft will deliver an .
' address on "Home Missions." Sunday-school
at 1-:W p. m.l C. B. Perkins superintendent.
Epworth League ■>• tins at 8:30 p. m. Prayer
meeting Wednesday evening at 7:40 odOCK.
The rublto cordlallr Invited to all the ser-
vices of this church. Seats free. Ushers in
attendance.
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church Mis-
sion St., between Sixth and Seventh— Dr.
Charles Edward Locke, pastor will preach;
subject, 11 a. m.. "One of the Josephs „_; ■
°v at 7'Si'i P ni.. '.'Some l^ranks and- what
They Have Done." Sunday-school. 1 p. m.
Endeavor. 6 p. m. S^ats free. Passion week
services each evening.
.
FT FAUL'S~Ch_rch, California St., near Flll-
-gmore-Rectbr, the Rev. William Maxwell
Re'ilv Holy communion. 7:30 a. m. Sunday-
school 9:30 a. m. Morning prayer and ser-
mon by the rector. 11 o'clock". At 7:30 p. m.,
Lemen choral service. Including passion
mu«ic by vested choir of men, women and
Soys" under the direction of A. A. Rankln,
organist and choirmaster.
THE First Unitarian Church, southwest corner
of Geary and Franklin sts.— Rev. Dr. Steb-
bins. minister emeritus. Rev. Stopforfl \\.
Brooke, minister pro temrore. Charles A.
Murdock. superintendent of Sunday-school.
The Sunday-school is at 10 o'clock. The
morning service is at 11 clock. _ A Palm
Sunday Sermon" by Mr. Brooke.- Mrs. J. E.
Birmingham will sing. All are cordially In-
vited. There Is no evening service.
AT the Strangers' Sabbath Home, Howard-st.
[Methodist Episcopal Church, between Second
and Third-Rev. t»r. John A. B. W lson. pas-
tor- 11 a. mr. "Church Expansion ; solo b>
r>r H D Noble. 7:30, FPimon to Junior Or-
de- Amer'can Mechanics and Daughters of
Li^rtv on "The Requirements of True Pa-
tr-iotism " Miss Mabel Perkins sings "The
Star-spangled Banner" MISS Liilie '■hf'T P "
sines at offertory. Seats free. All always
welcome.
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist. Central
block 0 23 Sutter st., bet. Kearny and Grant
_ye. -Christian Science Bible lesson 11 a. m. ;
subject. nreality." Sunday school for chil-
dren at the same hour. Wednesday evening
meeting at S o'clock. All are welcome.
THE First Divine Science Church. M. E. Cra-
mer, Discourse at 11 a. m.; subject.
•Triumphal Entry." Services every Sunday
In Yosemite Hall, Native Sons' building. Ma-
son st.. bet. Geary and Post: take elevator.
REORGANISED Church of J-sus Christ. 320
Post st —This church was organized in IS3O
. by command of God to usher In the la*t dis-
pensation, or the "Dispensation of the full-
ness of times." Eph. 1:10. Preaching at 11
a. m. by John A. Saxe and at 7:30 p. m. by
George S. Lincoln. Strangers invited. All
welcome.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood (The Theosophlcal
Society in America), 819 Market Lecture
to-nlgnt. "Brotherhood and the Disarmament
of Nations." by James H. Cutter. Tuesday
night "The Joys of Life"; Saturday night,
"The' Law of the Universe."
THEOPOPHICAL Society-Public lecture to-
night at S o'clock in Fraternal Hall, Odd
Fellows' building, by Miss M. A. Walsh; sub-
ject "The Mystic. Fire." Lotus circle for
children in same building at 2:30 o'clock.
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
FREE" "scVentlflc lecture this evening at 8
"clock. Crystal Hall, Pythian Castle 909
Market ft., by Dr. J. Depew Kergan of Dip.
X _ X's Electric Sanitarium. Subject, i
•■The Mechanism of the Human Mind and j
■Soul " Followed by magnificent art views of |
"An Evening in Rome." Those attending
this lecture can procure a complimentary
ticket to the wonderful X-ray exhibition on
Tuesday evening next at the sanitarium.
SOCIETY of Progressive Spiritualists Occi-
dental Hall, corner Larkln and McAllister
sts.-Sunday, March 26, at 7:30 p. m fap-aker.
Mrs R. S. Lillle; subject, "Walk In the
Light." Admission free.
THE Mission Lyceum entertainment and dance
Wednesday evening. March 29; admission. 10c.
Excelsior Hall. Mission Bt., between Nine-
teenth and Twentieth.
FREE Thought Platform— Dr. York lectures at
lower Scottish Hall. Larkin st., this evening,
on "Education, Love and Marriage." All in-
vited : .
A X DR. RINES' Bible Spiritual S.. &09 Market;
* 11-2-8; free; Mrs. Beely. Gllllngham, Vigers.
Bolet, Tuesd, Frid: 123S Howard St.; 8 p. m.
MRS. SOPHIA SEIP. spirit seer. 1724 Market
Ft., near Polk: counsel. 50c; by letter, oOc;
meetings every night. 10c.
SEANCE to-night 8 p. m.; to-morrow 12 o'clock.
MOTHER SADIE seance. 409 Leavenwortn.
LEANDER. 313 Eddy; test circle to-night;
ev-ery one gets a test; 25c; free test this week.
TFST meeting 2 and 8 p. m.. 10c. 1346 Market.
R. A. Stitt. Nlta, Butler. Hargrave. others.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night, tests to all,
10c; prophetic readings daily. 120 Sixth st.
M ME YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night. 10c. 605 McAllister; come, skeptics.
MRS. EGGERT AITKEN, medium; sittings
dally. 120 McAllister St.. flat 1.
MEETING NOTICES. .
UNITY Lodge No. 131, L O. O. F., c_SP|_&.
Sixteenth and Valencia sts.— _S__«?^S_=
Members are requested to attend •==??3Br(sgs r
TUESDAY EVENING, March 21, -'w/llVN-
to consider the advisability of reducing dues.
C. R. THATCHER, N. G.
GEO. J. PRBCHTEL, Reo. Sec^
FIDELITY Lodge No. 222— Special _____£->
business MONDAY, March 27. All _IS_S__:
members requested to attend. '"^SifZT^?
JAS. LAWRENCE. N. G. ' -^7/1 \VS-
A. M. PETERSEN, Rec. Sec.
CALEDONIAN Club — Thirty-third v _TN_
annual gathering and games at 3y. C&d/J
Shell Mound Park. Berkeley, TUES- _»_J_»
DAY. May SO. *fc_9*
ANGUS McLEOD. Chief.
ANDREW McNAJR. Secretary.
SOCIETE Francaise de Bienfaisance Mutuelle
(French Mutual Benevolent Society)— The
annual meeting and election of Board of
Directors for the year 1599-1900 will be held
SUNDAY, March 26. .1893, at 1:30 p. m., at
Native Sons' Hall, 414 Mason st. N. B.— No
member shall be entitled to vote unless prp-
vided with his book In good standing. For
the committee. H. FABREGUE. Sec.
ANNUAL meeting— The annual meeting of th»
stockholders of the Western Sugar Refining j
Company will be held at the office of the |
company, 327 Market St.. San Francisco, Cal.,
en MONDAY, the 27th day of March, 1899, at
the hour of 12 m., for the purpose of electing
a board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on FRIDAY.
•March 17, 189 ft. at 12 m.
ROBERT OXNARD. Secretary.
MEET to-day at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant
. aye.. to borrow money on any old thing.
. SPECIAL OTlC i__7
PILES— PETER FREILING'S pile salve. $1 per
•box: warranted to cure all cases of bleeding,
Itching, external, internal or protruding
piles without fail, no matter of how long
standing. Residence 1628 Devlsadero st.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
. painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 65J0.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for <1 per year.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 91 of the
Oceanic Steamship Company (fifty cents per
share) will be payable at the office of the
company. 827 Market street, on and after
Saturday, April 1, 1899. Transfer books will
. close on Saturday, March 25. 1899, at M
••dock m. EH. SHELDON, Secretary..
SITUATIONS WASTED — FEMALE.
SWEDISH girl wishes position in a good pri-
vate family for general housework and cook-
Ing; wages $25; can cook Jewish and Ameri-
can. Call Monday and rueaday at 109 Cherry
St., between Washington and Jackson; Bacra-
mento-at. car. '
WANTED— Position by respectable middle-aged
woman; good cook and housekeeper; will
cook for party in the country or outside town;
only respectable parties need answer. SltiVs
I den Gate aye. '- — — —
MIDDLE-AGED lady would like position as
housekeeper or to take car,- of lodging-house;
trustworthy and good seamstress. 3t>S ______!
POSITION wanted~as working housekeeper or
cook on ranch; best ref^rencos. Box Call. j
DRESSMAKER and seamstress; fine fitter; ac- ]
customed to good work; children's dresses a
specialty. W. M., box 1120. Call office.
LADY will teach children or sew for good
home. Box £18. Call office. j
SITUATION to care for chilren and assist in
light housework by a young girl. M Howard
court, between Fourth and Fifth ots. |
RESPECTABLE lady, good cook, kind to chil-
dren wishes position ac housekeeper, can
at. Golden West Hotel. Ellis St., room IK. ,
RESPECTABLE middle aged woman wishes a
situation to da general housework -In city or j
country or care for invalid; no triflers. Call
at IST Third st . room 10. |
EXPERIENCED nurse would like care of an j
Invalid: terms reasonable; reference given.
Nurse, room S. 132 McAllister st. ________
WANTED by a lady, situation as working
housekeeper or to cook for a crew of men;
years of experience; country preferred; wages
moderate 1111 Hyde st.
WANTED— Situation as cook and assist In gen-
eral housework; city or country; good refer-
ences; wages $25. Address box _ 1 31 __S__ I ____
WANTED— By reliable woman, gentlemen's
washing and mending; neatly and promptly j
done; flannels done as good as new. Ad-
drees or call MRS O. T.. 944 Mission ft.
HOME for strong healthy girl, aged 11, In
respectable family; would do household work j
In part return for board after school hours.
Box 1228. Call office j
SWISS girl wishes situation as chambermaid:
speaks French. German and English. Call
2*2 Minna st.
COMPETENT housekeeper will take clmrg3 cf
family or lodging house with view of buying.
Call or write MRS. WHEELOCK. S4IA Cas-
tro St. . _.
VURSE wishes a few more engagements; city
* references; $10 week. MRS. DONOVAN, 191
Seventh st.
FIRST-CLASS cook In private family, hotel or
restaurant: best of references; no postals un- I
less car fare Is paid. 1753 Ellis hi.
YOUNG American woman wishes situation .to
do light housework: wages $15 to $18. Ad-
dress box 1236, Call office.
DANISH girl wishes position as second girl ;
or waitress. Call 1812 Broadway; reference
FIRST-CLASS seamstress wishes a position as I
housekeeper, or will do upstairs work; city or \
country. Address C. M. '". 1720 Clay st.
COMPETENT woman wishes housework by day
or week: good laundress; makes herself gen-
erally useful; best references. Call 120 Wlldey |
ft., between Bush and Pine-
LADY would like position . in a nice family j
as assistant caretaker and companion: splen- ,
did cook; good references; city or country. *
Box 1190. Call. ' I
SITUATION wanted by young lady. English,
as infant's nurse; Just from East; has had |
long experience. Address box 1183. Call.
AMERICAN nurse wishes a position; full
charge of young Infant; best of references.
Box 1232. Call office.
WANTED— By student with spar© time, board
and room in exchange for light service*; good
home; private family; walking distance from
Fourth and Market Bta. Box 1244. Call office.
YOUNG lady -wishes situation to do second
work or a* nurse girl In nice family: wages I
$15 per month. Address or call at 191 Seventh.
A GOOD reliable nurse, years of experience,
desires a situation; $10 per week. Call or ad-
dress MRS. NEPPERT. 1063 Mission st.
NEAT American woman (elderly) desires wash- i
ing and house or office cleaning at 75c day;
or as housekeeper at small wages. Address
649 Minna st.
LADY would take care of home during owner's
absence for privilege of kitchen and bedroom;
best of references. Box 1235. Call office
YOUNG lady, competent, experienced stenog- i
rapher and typewriter, wishes a position; best ■
of references; salary $25. Address box 1242,
Call office.
GOOD dressmaker wishes engagements by the
day; good references. IS2O Fillmore st.
SITUATION wanted by a young girl for gen-
eral housework; $15;. references. Apply at
627t4 Ivy aye.
GERMAN woman wants position; washing,
ironing or cleaning. 121 Valencia st.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wants position as work-
Ing housekeeper. Address L. W., box 24, Call
branch office. 106 Eleventh st.
BORROW money on diamonds, silver, sealskins,
silks. UNCLE HARRIS, IS Grant aye.
YOUNG lady would like situation In family to
assist with housework and sew; is a first-
class Feamstress; is neat and industrious;
home is more of an object than wages; coun-
try preferred. Box 1207, Call office.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes position to do sec-
ond work; Is experienced in fancy Ironing.
Address 150 Cook st. ; take Geary-st. car.
REFINED American woman with a little girl
desires a position as managing housekeeper;
reference. 1020 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes a few more
engagements. 2545 Mission fit.
GERMAN lady wishes position as light house-
keeper. 14S Clara st. '
WOMAN, thorough and competent, would like
a position as housekeeper In hotel or family;
no objection to the country: best of refer-
ences. Call or address A. A..' 517 Ninth st.,
; Oakland.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
JAPANESE emplymt office; help; farm hands,
domestics. ITO, 725 Geary st. tel. Polk 12. 1
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell st.; tel East 42«.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds :
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary «t. : tel. Grant M.
SITUATION wanted by competent man to tend
horses, cows, garden and- outside work on
private place in suburbs. Box 1215, Call.
GROCERY clerk, sober, reliable, young man. j
several years' experience, would like posi- j
tion In country: 6 years' one man; best refer-
ences. Box 1223, Call.
BARTENDER, steady, sober and reliable
young man, several months' experience, would
like position in' country; references; low
wages. Write particulars box 1222. Call.
ACCOUNTANT of long and wide experience
wishes position as bookkeeper or office man.
Box 1214, Call.
YOUNG barber desires a position; city or
country; moderate wages. Box 1213, Call.
.SKILLFUL Job printer seeks situation: orig-
inal ideas; 16 years: capable to take charge;
references. Box 1187, Call.
YOUNG man living with parents wishes situa-
tion; steady and reliable. Box 1210, Call.
WANTED — A situation as coachman and gar-
dener by single man; good references. Box
1237. Call office.
EXPERIENCED grocer wants position: city
or country; references; German, English. E.
W., 1064 Treat aye.
WANTED— Situation by experienced barkeep-
er; city or country; references; German and
English. 3050 Twenty-fourth st.
COACHMAN and gardener, married, no chil-
dren; wife first-class cook or second work;
city or country; first-class references from
former employers. • Address box 1224, Call.
GERMAN, can handle wine and general mer-
chandise department, run bar and keep ac-
counts, wants situation; city or country; best
of references. Box 1243, Call office.
WANTED — Situation ad gardener In country;
wage* not less than $30; reference given. Ad-
dres- JOHN CL-NE, 734^4 Natoma st.
JAPANESE faithful boy wishes to do good
plain cooking or housework in city. ■R.
FRANK, 619 Jessie at. -
MONEY to loan you on watches.- guns, musical
Instruments. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
GERMAN couple wish positions on ranch or
dairy; man experienced rancher and dairy-
man; wife good cook and housekeeper; ref-
erences.. 101 Prospect place.
RELIABLE, Industrious gardener; understands
the care of horses, milking, lawn, flowers,
vegetables, chicken raising; around private
place; city or country. Box 1157. Call office..
AN experienced vlneyardlst and wife would
like situation; understands wine making and
farming thoroughly. Address A. CAS-
SAGNES. 818 Jessie st.
GOOD all-around hotel or restaurant cook
wants position; no objection to country. Box
1152. Call. /
MAN, thoroughly understands gardening, care
of . horses, cows, chickens • and handy with
tools, references, desires situation; private
place. H. G. ZOOT, Redwood City, Col.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third Bt.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night; $1 60 to $«
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
. and baggage to and from ferry. •
A WEEKS news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. '& per year.
'■*• ■ ■-• - --■ «i . i i, . J
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALX, SUNDAY, MARCH 26, 1899.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
LAUNDRESS, plain country hotel, see party
here Monday; waitress, city, $15. MURRAY
& READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
WANTED— experienced kid glove
saleswoman for Sacramento. i Apply to-day
(Sunday) from 11 a. m. to 4 p. m., WEIN-
STOCK. LIT.IN & CO., Market and Taylor
i Ft?. Taylor-st.' entrance.
WANTED— Young German girl who Is a first-
class cook; references required. Apply at 2411
Jackson st., near Flllmore on Monday, bet.
9 and 12 a. n\.
WANTED An attractive girl between 16 and IS
year* old to learn a shooting act. Call at
PHREVE & BARBER'S Gun Store, 629
Kearny St., bet. 10 a. in. and 3 p. m^
WANTED— A strong young girl for general
housework. 904 Taylor st.
WANTED- girl to learn tho dressmak-
ing business. 980 Post at.
APPRENTICE wanted by SELAIA, Milliner,
687 Geary st - _
APPRENTICES wanted for millinery at MME.
A. GRAESSLER'S, 127 Taylor st.
YOUNG- girl for light housework; small fam-
ily; $10. 1129 Guerrero st.
GIRL for general housework; small family.
Apply 80S Bhotwell st.
OPERATORS on shirts and overalls: Inexperi-
enced taught. 410 Vi Mission St., upstairs.
GIRL about 1". years for light housekeeping;
wages $6. Box 1235, Call office.
WANTED Bright women to act hs agents In
paying business. Room 49, Grand Hotel.
FINISHERS on coats; steady work; good pay.
SELIG BROTHERS, 108 Battery St.
GOOD Ironera. 790 Elizabeth et., bet. 23d and
24th, near Castro.
GIRL for general housework: wages $15; ref-
erences. Call Monday at 1021 Post fit.
-DRESS skirt and shirt waist operators; home
work. KRAKER, 226 Bush St. •
WANTED— A neat colored girl to do some
mending. Address box 1234, Call office.
GOOD skirt maker on ladies' tailor-made suits.
Call at M. ROTHSCHILD'S, 211 Sutter st.
COME In! Come In: Come in!
The most reliable dressmaking and millinery
school on the Pacific Coast, and we are doing
the business, giving you value received for
every dollar you pay us; instructions under
the most competent teachers for $1 a week.
The only place in the city where you can
get the latest up-to-date patterns cut; milli-
nery taught in all Its branches and hats
' trimmed for Easter Sunday in the latest
styles for 25 cents. McDOWELL DRESS-
MAKING AND MILLINERY SCHOOL. 103
Post st.
LADIES to make sample patches at home; $6 to
$10 weekly; no canvassing: reply envelope for
sample and particulars. FOSTER MACHINE
CO., 526 West Twenty-ninth St., New York.
WANTED — Young lady who wishes to train
for nurse; must be a high school graduate.
Bellevue Sanatorium, 1609 Jackson st.
WANTED- Lady to take care of children and
do light housework. 706 Lyon st.
BORROW money on your valuables: private en-
trance, ladies. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
GIRL wanted for general housework and cook-
ing. S3« Union st., NE. cor. Taylor.
CHEAPEST and best in America Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. , ','■• v-
HELP WANTED M.-4.LE.
MURRAY & READY '....Phone Main 6548
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT 7 A. M. MONDAY....
Blacksmith and wheelwright, married man,
for country shop, $60
Laborers, pick and shovel work. city. $1 7." day
Four-horse teamster for coal wagon, $25 and
found; sailor, young man $36 and found
Gardener, private family $25 and found j
Vegetable gardener and farmer.. s3o and found
2 laborers, mix concrete $175 day
60 woodchoppere for all parts of California,
$1 60, $i 26, $1 and 70c cord; 20 farm, vine- !
yard and orchard hands; coal miners, north,
50c to 76c car. MURRAY & READY, 634-636
Clay st. '
COOK, small restaurant near city, $35; 8 cooks,
$40, $35 and $30; !ron»r and polisher; waiters,
city and country. $25 and $20; baker, dish-
washers; also bootblack, $8 week. MURRAY
& READY. 68463« Clay st. j
TO-DAY. Sunday. 20 teamsters for the coast
road: free fare: office open from 9 to 11 a.
m. c. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— We want men to sell the Economy
Harness Riveter: holds enough rivets to do $2
of repairing, yet sells when loaded for $1:
can reload for 7 cents; agents make $200 per
month; s"nd $1 for sample and terms. THOS.
R. FOOTE & CO.. 337 Bauchet St.. Los An-
geles. Cah
WANTED— First-class dressgoods salesmen for
Sacramento. Apply to-day (Sunday), from 11
a m to 4 p. m.. WEINSTOCK. LUBIN &
CO., Market and Taylor sts.; Taylor-st. en-
trance. j
AT Boulder Creek— loo tie makers: good tim-
ber; lons Job; 7xBx3 foot ties. 12 cents each.
MIDDLETON & BLUM. Boulder Creek. Cal.
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't prepare for
any civil service examination without seeing
our illustrated catalogue of information; sent
f re^. Columbian Correspondence College,
Washington. D. C
MEN to go north: long Job; no experience re-
quired; no charges; everything found. At
HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st
WANTED— By GILBERT _ BUTLER, circu-
lar- and all kinds of advertising matter for
distribution. 106 New Montgomery st. ;
TAILORS wanted for seat room. 803 Montgom-
ery St., third floor, room 6.
COAT makers; steady work; good pay. SELIG
BROS.. lIS Battery st.
DISHWASHER, 407 Mason st., in rear; call
at 9 a. m.
__ . — — -— —
BOY wanted. Lick naundry. 9 Lick place.
WANTED- Dishwasher at S2BO Mission st.; call
early.
WANTED - good men. Apply at 22 Post St.,
from 7:30 p. m. to 8:30 p. m.. 27th inst.
WANTED— Strictly sober man on small milk
ranch; 4 cows and horse to care for and de-
liver the milk; good home; wages $15. Box
1239, Call office.
APPRENTICE with some experience in black-
• smith shop. Call this forenoon, 1013 Harrison.
MAKERS and coat finishers at 1005
Broadway, Oakland.
CUSTOM coat, vest and pants makers. Call
630 Seamy st., Monday. -
SPECIALTY salesman by large, well-known
' firm; alary and commission; only first-class
men need apply, with references. Smalley
I Manufacturing Co., Chicago, 111.
CUSTOM shirt cutter. M. J. KELLER CO.,
Oakland.
TINNER and plumber; young man; state age.
experience and wages expected. Box 1208, CalL
LADIES' tailor wanted for country; good
wages to right man; must be sober, ■ rapid,
thoroughly proficient In all details and 'first-
class operator. Apply at STEIN, SIMON St.
CO.'B :
SALESMAN to travel; experience not neces-
sary; salary $40 per month and expenses. W.
B. HOUSE, 1020 Race St., Philadelphia, Pa.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy: able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 35
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their In-
tention to become such; must be of good
character and habits and able to speak, read
and write English, and be between 5 feet 5
Inches and 8 fi-f-t In height. For further In-
formation apply at the Recruiting office, 40
Ellis It., San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— good short-order cook for lunch
counter; must understand pastry work also;
■wages $30 per month and found to begin with.
Address Cook, box 1165, Call office.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, Jewelry,
| pianos, silver. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
BARBER to buy shop in Oakland; cheap. Ad-
dress box 97, Call office. Oakland.
BARBER'S Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec, aO4 7th: tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED Men to learn the barber trade;
Hummer rates or percentage terms. 1542 Mkt.
WANTED — Laborers and ! mechanics to . know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, ■ 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
SAILORS, green hands, blacksmiths and ; car-:
penters for steam w+ialers; seamen wanted at
LANE'S, Davis st., near Jackson.
HOBSON House. 417 Kearny— Rooms from 26c
to 50c; $1 to $3 per week.
20 MEN to go on whaling cruise; no experi-
ence required. HERMAN'S, 26 steuart st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
Barber College, 138^ Eighth st.
[ SINGLE sunny furnished room, $2 50 a month.
Llndell House, Sixth and Howard ets.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
solelng. 35c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
SINGLE rooms, 16c. 20c, 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 wk. Elcho House. 863% Market St.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
SINGLE furnished fine large sunny and airy
. room, 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
I TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms. 26c night; reading room; free
'bus and bag. age to and from the ferry.
.AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS— We . will pay $100 per month and
railroad expenses to any man who will faith-
fully represent uk in taking orders for the
most reliable portrait copying house in the
world; we pay strictly salary. Address at
once. Department 604 G. E. MARTEL, New
York City. "
AGENTS and others start paying business at
home. For plan and list, money-making
trade, wrinkles, secret pr.ocesses, discoveries,
formulas, write WHEATON & CO., New Bed-
ford, Mass. '
WANTED— Solicitors, city and country, for
Harper's. Pictorial History of the War With
Spain; 32 parts, at 25 cents each; quickest
seller on the market. J. N. ODELL. -06
Kearny st. _
CLOTHING salesmen wanted: $150 a month:
taking orders for our made-to-order clothing
and mackintoshes. Address STEWART &
CO., 50-52 Fifth aye., Chicago.
AGENTS and merchants wanted In every city
to sell the patent Economy Shirt Bosom:
reversible; four styles in one bosom; quick
sales and good profits; samples mailed upon
receipt nf 2:*. ECONOMY SHIRT BOSOM
CO., Baltimore, Md.
AGENTS make 14 to $8 a day selling Handy
Harness Riveter Machine to everybody; coun-
ties assigned; sample, express prepaid, $1 50:
weight 4 pounds. State Agency, HANDY
MACHINE CO., 58 Third st.. S. F.. Cal.
BE wise and get in while the proposition Is
new and make good money. IS3 Seventh st.
CITY and country, to sell Leather Lustre: best
26c article on earth. BROWN. 332 Bush st.
NEW line; big profit; small outfit; down-town
trade. 606 Montgomery St., room 14.
ROOMS AND HOAKI) WANTED.
YOUNG man from Philadelphia wishes board
and room, home comforts. In Protestant
Christian private family near Sixth and Mar-
ket sts. : terms reasonable. Address W. N.
8.. box 122*. Call office.
BOARD and room In well-kept small boarding-
house or :>r!vate residence. Address box
11S0. Call office. •
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— Cottage or flats south of Market
Ft., be*. Third to Eighth st., or Harrison;
will pay $3i)i Room 1. 23H Post St.
ROOMS" WANTED.
GENTLEMAN and wife wish two unfurnished
rooms near Haicht Ft.; corner house. Box
1216, Call. .
WANTED— A plain furnished room for an old
lady. '/Address Prompt Pnv, '"■' Hush st.
STOKE WAN! II)
WANTED— SmaII store or half store, rent not
to exceed $25; for tailoring purposes; be-
tween Market, Sutter nnd Jones sts. Box
1230. Call office.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED To rent, small place for chicken
ranch near city. Box 1227. Call office.
WANTED— 2 or 3 horsepower gas engine; state
price. Box 1141. Call.
WANTED— IO tons old rubber, all kinds. Ad-
dress S. F. Iron Yard. 204 Mission st.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings, $1. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all: Tues.-Fri.. 2 p. m. ;
Mon . 8: 25c; sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS.. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
MRS. MESA FRANCES, independent slate
writing medium. 118 Haight st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ARRIVAL EXTRAORDINARY.
Good News for All.
MME. K. CURLEY
Has Permanently Located at
337 Geary St., bet. Powell an.l Mason.
She is the Greatest Medium in the World.
Come, all ye unbelievers, scoffers and Jeerers,
bring all your skepticism with you. She will
open your eyes to the private chamber of mys-
tery. Come, all ye broken-hearted wives, all ye
with low .spirits, and let her lift the burden
from your aching and Jealous hearts. She chal-
lenges the world to compete with her in causing
a speedy marriage with the one you love Unit-
ing the separated and brings hack the lost one.
Traces lost, stolen goods, unearths hidden
; treasures, removes evil influence!*, spells, ill-
i luck cures tricks and conjurations, gives
1 LUCK AND SUCCESS
IN ALL YOU UNDERTAKE!
She Is the only one who will give a written
guarantee to complete your business or refund
your money. Reader, have you noticed that
some people, have a hard tiros to get n!oiig. no
matter how they toil, while others have suc-
cess? Many wealthy men and women owe their
success to "this wonderful " woman.
THE GREATEST PROPHET IN EXISTENCE.
She Always Succeeds When Others Fail.
Positively no attention paid to letters unless
accompanied by II: English and German spoken.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond Fight; diagnoses disease; full life read-
ing; ladles, We; gents, $1; sit.. $150. 126 Turk.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE— Clairvoyant and
card reading! 417 Bush St.. rooms 9 and 10.
MME MOREAU, the best medium an.l card
reader: We up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
GYPSY life reader fives true readings; ladles.
25c; gents. 50c. 1063 Mission St., near Seventh.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist.
216 Kearny st.. rooms 9 and 10.
MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission St.; clairvoyant
and palmist: truth or no pay: 2~,<\
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 2".c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME SYBILI cradle to grave; future hus-
band's nicture. 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MME, HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. "T..". 1 ..- ."th, r. 21.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD. pupil Count St. Ger-
malne. 3388 Twenty-first St.. above Valencia;
tel. White 1571: reading by mail. $1.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH, 2115 Bush
Ft. : 15 years' experience: references given.
EXPERT OPTICIANS,
NEGLECTED EYESIGHT affects the brain
and causes serious bodily ills. Mayerle's
Periscopic Eyeglasses are superior to all oth-
ers for reading, working or distance; weak
eyes; poor sight. Mayerle's new and exclu-
Five methods In fitting glasses by mail free.
.WRITE TO-DAY. GEO. MAYERLE. Ger-
man Expert Optician (German Optical Insti-
tute), charter member American Association
of Opticians. 1071^ Market St.. San Francisco.
EDUCATIONAL. \
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying^ math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSINESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers, day and evening: catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.
FRENCH classes, under the auspices of "Al-
liance Francaise." will open at the French
Library afternoons and evenings for adults
only: graduate teachers from French Govern-
ment will give tuition; every pupil who Joins
class becomes member of the library. For
terms apply at French Library, City of Paris
bldg., Geary and Stockton, 3 to 4, 8 to 9 p. m.
MERRILL-MILLER college shorthand, typing;
individual Instruction; new typewriters; book-
keeping; rapidity at figures by noted expert
Mr. Tarr: day, eve. Rms. 572-6. Parrott bid*.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st :
shorthand typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.: life
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: Funny rooms; low rates; day,
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, meoh. survey, assay, archi.: day St eve.;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
DANCING taught: ballroom or stage; . private
or class. IRVINE, 421 Post St., near Powell.
NEVER too late to get good teacher. Prof. L.
Merkl. violin, mandolin, guitar. 1008 Mission.
BANJO, piano, violin, guitar, mandolin, thor-
oughly taught; 60c a lesson. 503 Jones at.
ELOCUTION and French. $3 per mo. : 4 times
weekly. ' Mercantile Library, rooms 4-5-6.
] HORSES.
WelT-matched team, about 15%
hands; sound, fast and stylish; bay or black
preferred. Address Cash, box 1219. Call.
FOR sale cheap— Small pair Shetland ponies!
Apply Bew Drug Co.. Alameda. ; v >-;
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carte, .harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market,
127 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
'WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FINE laundry, bakers', milk wagons; S bug-
gles; 2 extra fine delivery wag. 828 Harrison.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, cart*
- buggies, surrey* and horses. 1110 Folaom st.
PERSONALS. _„_
I EDA B. J.— Mother anxious and worrying:
write at once. W. H. BRAUN.
WEALTHY, unincumbered widower, with
prosperous business, will appreciate true, de-
voted wife. BANKER, box 42, 1532 Third
aye., New York.
BOY baby for. adoption. MRS. DR. FUNKE,
1416 Eighth st., Alameda.
YOU can MAKE your hair grow by using Led-
erer's Quinonia, 35c bottle. Lederer'e Foamo
Shampoo is 5c pkg. G. Lederer, 123 Stockton.
THEATRICAL managers will find it to their
Interest to Invest In my wigs, closing out
1000 at 25c on the dollar; halrdresslng 25c.
G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
IF your premises are infected with rats and
mice, by my new process I will exterminate
them: satisfaction assured; no charge unless
successful. Box 1206, Call office.
ALL— HAIR— AND— SCALP
Diseases a specialty: Hirsultine restores gray
hair to its original color, cures dandruff, fall-
Ing hair and grows hair on bald heads or no
pay; remedy by mall. HIRSUITINE CO.,
6 Eddy Ht-, San Francisco.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth, Oakland.
RUBBER- goods of every description; catalogue
free. EDWIN MERCER & CO., Toledo, O.
JOHN L. BOONS, Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Slitter St., Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
WRINKLES removed a specialty at the new
and handsome quarters. Harmonic Life In-
stitute, 708 Sutter St., near Taylor; consulta-
tion free; receptions every . Monday and
Thursday from 2 to 3 p. m.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third st., near Market; 200 rooms;
25c to'sl 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; no electricity
or strong medicines; treatment simple and
effective. 1128 Sutter St. MRS. CLAYTON.
OPERA bangs and switches, 50c up; this week
only: artistic opera dressing. La Verite Hair-
dresslng Parlors, 30 Geary; phone red 3733.
CITY OF PARIS laundry removed from 119
Stockton st. to 331 Geary. MME. JAUSSAUD.
THE genuine misfit, 272 Fifth Ft.: $30 and *40
suits at your own price; perfect fit guarant'd.
PRIVATE residence for ladies in delicate
health. MRS DR. -FUNKE. 1416 Sth, Alameda.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife: no in-
jection ;guarntd. Dr. Gordtn, sl4 Plne.ab.Kearny
DR. F. YON BUELOW has removed from 822
Valencia to 1206 Market St.; rooms 9 and 10.
BATHS, 12% c; 30 porcelain tubs: separate en-
trance for ladles; lady attendant. 34 Fourth.
FOLDING beds $S 50; bedrm sets $8: bed loung-
es $4 50; open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN, 121 6th.
A— Ladles' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom St.
BERWIN & GASSNER, furriers, formerly on
Post st., removed to store 110 Kearny st.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
DRESSMAUEHt).
SILK or cloth dresses made, $s up; dresses made
over; perfect fit.. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day; no instruments used; cure at office, ;
$5; home In confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by co»-
-sultlng the doctor, free, before going else-
where MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post st., bet.
Hyde and Larkln: hours 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. : Sunday. 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
A SURE, safe ana speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their ■
case before going elsewhere; they will find In
her a true friend; a home for patients, with !
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and |
privacy of a home: consultation free and ab-
solutely confidential; satisfaction guaranteed,
without injury to health, or money refunded
by MRS. DR. GWYER, fill) Eddy St.. bet.
Hyde and Larkln: office hours. 10 to 12. 2 to 4
and 7 to P. Sundays by appointment only.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davlea.
true friends of all Invalids, m<>n and women:
B0 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay; self-cure sent: call of write; free: confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 1228 Market at.;
pills. $1; very strong. $2.
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; can be sent
pale and sure; no medicines or instruments
used: consultation free; traveling parties i
helped instantly and safe treatment guaran-
teed; cure. $5; by the well-known specialists
and ladl»s' physicians for 37 years; see us.
DR. POPPER and DRS.. 318 Kearny st.
A— PR G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relives monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases or irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never falls to
cure; consult him first, save time and money,
treatment can be used at home: consultation
free, Call or write, 10234 Market st.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladies near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well known, reliable, safe and sure; cure in
14 hours guaranteed; any time; maternity
home; best medical attendance: pills, $1; cure,
$5. 1362 Market, bet. 7th-Sth'; tel. Howard 424.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
rases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, $5; travelers helped in-
stantly; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St.. between
Mason and Taylor; hours 9 to 5 p. m.
PR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye.— Private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attention; terms mod-
erate; regular physician in attendance; con-
sultation free: infants adopted Into good
home«; call before consulting others.
LADlES— Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best, safe, reliable; take
no other: Fend 4c stamps for particulars:
"Relief for Ladles": letter by return mail: at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co., Phila.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro," the great-
' est boon to them. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay
Ft. : $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co.. 531 X st.. Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD PROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
DR. and Mrs. Wise, 111S Market -Instant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back; $5 up.
PRIVATE home In confinement: best refs.;
1540*4 Howard: Mrs. M. Wledemann. midwife.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor.treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason. st.
MRS. PR. SCHWARTZ, home in confinement;
best of care. 552 Castro, cor. 7th. Oakland.
OAHPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works—
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPArLDING # Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. . GEO. , WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 Hth
St.; cleaning, 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye. : tel. East 126.
_____ __
lost!
WEDNESDAY evening, between opera house
and ferry, pair plain black field glasses. Re-
turn to EIBEN & NOR, Seventh and Peralta
sts.. Oakland. _ - . _■ ".*■.;:. -.-:.;'
$10 REWARD— Light-brown setter pup dog; 4
months old. Return to S9l Capp st. ■••■■•:<■.*;•:
MARCH 12— Lost or stolen, black greyhound
dog, S months' old; scar on right side; reward.
3007 Octavla st.
SILVER -open-face Waltrmm watch, with mon-
ogram F. E. L. . Return 2305 Scott st.; reward.
CUFF and button bet. 4th and 9th sts. on Har-
rison, Friday. Reward 432 Fourth st.
OLD gold, diamonds, sliver and pianos bought;
highest prices paid. Uncle Harris, 15. Grant ay.
FOUND.
FOUND— Purse. Call at 807 Shotweli st., prove
property and pay for this advertisement.
~ STORAGE.
DOTTT^Btore "Tn"celiars! SeT'oT _I "jUDSON
&CO., 1123 Howard st.; advances made.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post st., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company: pack-
Ing, advance, etc. 735 Market: tel. Black 311.
TO LEi«B.
FOR Rent— House and cottages for rent or
lease. For particulars address J. T. ADAMS,
Sen Lomond, Santa Cruz County, Cal.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
H. C. DECKER
Office, 1020 MARKET ST.
11-room house in Angela Camp at a bargain.
15-room house: central; $100 cash $300
30 rooms; rent $90; on Mission st 1300
64- room house; clears $300 2000
17 rooms; on Sixth st 450
6-room flat; cheap rent 175
■28-room house; clears $150 " 550
24-room house; new furniture 1400
16-room house; fine corner 1000
14-room house; new and good.. : 800
16-room; fine corner; must sell 900
11-room house; clears $75 600
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE call
on H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. sth.
18-ROOM house; worth $800; If taken to-day $350.
will buy it. DECKER. 1020 Market at
10 ROOMS and bath; new furniture; $300 cash,
balance payments to suit; bargain. DECKER,
1020 Market st.
A— KREDO & CO 22% GEARY
MONEY ADVANCED ON ALL HOUSES.
100 rooms; clears $3000 yearly; trial given.. $4000
50 rooms; hotel; fine dining room 2600
35 rooms; all new; best transient corner.. 1400
24 rooms; Geary St.. near plaza; a snap.. 800
23 rooms; south of Market; clears $<5 goo
16 rooms; good furniture; clears $50.. *>o
12 rooms; best on Post; great bargain.... 700
11 rooms; fine; with piano; cheap 4jiO
9 rooms; elegant home; carpets new w«i
6 rooms; 3 rooms pay rent; new -^;,v.f.n
Call and see list. KKh " < '■
$1500- 40 ROOMS: best block Mkt. St.; offices;
large transient. Kredo & Co., 22% Geary st.
HOUSES I FLATS.
1220 Laguna, 12 r...535 3033 California 6 r...520
707 Ellis. 6 r 25 209 Webster, 6 r 2*
2214 Geary. 6 r 1311609 Turk. 6 r.. ,M
6 Willow ay. 6 r. IS! 707 Stockton. 5 r..... 22
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market St.
BARGAINS! BAROAINBt^J pRICKS ,
15 rooms; rooms all full; only $300
23 rooms; fine location: cheap rent. 500
29 rooms; clears $75 per month so«
31 rooms: three corners give away .... sou
WINSTON & CO., 1026 Market st.
75 ROOMS: sunny comer: cheap rent $SOO
28 rooms; rent $S0: bargain ; 000
12 rooms; good furniture.. ......."...."••-^>"
Lota of bargains; money loaned. El rh,L,.
1016 Market st : _ ______—_——
40-ROOM lodging house; good location;
has run It for 10 years; compelled to sell
account of other business;. a bargain; cheap
rent. Call 317 Third St. ,
40 ROOMS; first-class; all occupied; cheap for
cash or part payment: sale compulsory; other
Interests. J. A. H.. box 398. Call office.
PRIVATE rooming house, 19 rooms, partly fur-
nished in housekeeping flats; all full: sunny;
central: $500. Box 843. Call office. Oakland.
HYDE. 299—25 rooms; nicely furnished; 30 to
40 boarders; lease: cheap rent; good-paying
house; fine location; no trlflers.
24 ROOMS in good location: always full; price
$900. Inquire DICK YON DER MEHDEN,
S3 Fourth st. *
$950— GREAT bargain; SO rooms: $350 cash, bal-
ance easy payments from Income of house.
103 New Montgomery. ■; '
HOUSE, 10 rooms, furnished; full; piano: new
carpets; rent $26; clears $30. 726 Mission; $275.
$450 CASH— 22 rooms; clean; sunny: central;
will pay well. Box 1192. Call office.
FOR sale— sBoo— Elegantly furnished lodging
house. Inquire 239 Post, room 1. #
HOI of 32 rooms; suitable for lodging house.
Inquire 1153 Howard St.. near Eighth.
SIXTH, 420—23 rooms, all rented, for sale
cheap: good reason for selling; pays well.
TO buy a lodging-house, borrow the money of
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 3 rooms, complete for house-
keeping; cheap.- 522 Howard.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
IHISICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
ca*h and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
Fame as if purchased for ail cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy j
payments and some g«od pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
it*., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
A FEW good bargains in uprights from $120
up. All guaranteed.
Weber, in fine order.
Estey, used very little.
Bradford, good as new; Knabe, used seven
months. Easy payments. .-— —TV
BENJ. CURTAZ & CO.. Checkering Agents.
16-20 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S. ;
26, 28 and 80 OFarrell st.; pianos, organs and j
all other musical Instruments of all grades j
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every- 1
thing possible done to please and satisfy the ;
customer. ■■-.
BARGAINS' BARGAINS! BARGAINS!
Pianos $40, $150, $200. $250, $300.
Positively can't be beat.
J. DEWING CO.. 2d floor. Flood bids.. Mkt. St.
HORNUNG'S pianos praised by all great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of the
day; please examine. 216 McAllister st.
$160— ELEGANT upright; stool, cover; on $5 j
Installments. 1115 Post st.
PIANOS accurately tuned and warranted.
Send postal card to COOKE. 1081 Howard st.
PIANOS at auction prices to realize advances
«nd storage. Wilson's Storage Rms., 1710 Mkt.
NEW pianos, stool and scasf, $3 per mo. rental.
SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st.
UPRIGHTS. $69 up: Installments, $5 75 up;
rents $3 50 up (allowed on purchase). 136 Ellis.
W. G. BADGER; 415 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister St.. next Hlbernta Bank.
BOHMER pianos are the beet. BYRON
MAUZY. Sole Agent. 308 Post s^ -
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy, 30S Post st.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. SI p»r year.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
CREAMERY machinery for sale; a bargain;
almost new: latest type separator, boiler, en-
gine, etc. : sold separately or together. Apply
box 447, Petaluma, Cal.
GAS engine. 3%' horsepower, $150; 8 horsepower
$350; others, new and second hand. DYNAMIC
ENGINE CO., 503 California at.
LARGE variety thoroughbred chicken eggs for
hatching; also fowl. F. KRAUS..IO3I McAllis-
ter st. 1 ' -v< v >- -
EIGHTH, Fruit store for sale cheap.
COUNTRY property: bargain; $700; house and
lot; San Jose. Inquire 710 Octavia st.
NICE sewing machine for sale at 234^ Sixth
St., room 2.
FOR sale— Llewelyn breed pups; 1 month old-
cheap. 739 Pine st. *
CANARY birds, males and females, cheap at
3168 Sixteenth st., near Valencia.
ENGINES, dynamos, boilers, pumps belting
etc. WHITE'S. 516 Mission st. Dellln K.
FOR SALE— Fine "New Yost" typewriter with
long carriage; cheap. Address box 11S5. Call.
PRIVATE party would like to sell 6 per cent
bonds. Box 1189. Call office. P
ST. BERNARD and fox terrier pups pT
George Kennels. 120 Douglass St.. between
Seventeenth and Eighteenth.
DOMESTIC sewing machine; good condition-
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission m.. nr. 15th.
GREAT Dane and thoroughbred fox terrier pup
cheap. 405 Frederick st cor. Cole.
Mercy Mineral Water Co.. Oakland. Cal. • natural
cure for female complaints, stomach/kidney
liver, bowel disorders, rheumatism ;sampl :write!
T T > mi I T ( t l io PGa^ 0 , cks and ne : beauties.
LOUIS HARRIS. California Market.
TH . ORO^9 HBRED Xt - Bernard dog; 11 months
old. Address 797 Mission st.. corner Fourth
PULLEYS covered by pat. leather prevent slip-
. page; saves power. Cal. Belt Co., 519 Mission.
PRENTICE . lathe, screw cutting, full set of
attachments. See owner, 72.S Capp st.
B^^»,!^ Ck £?^'. mirrors, showcase., counters,
tlmirJ T 1 oMce furniture, store and office fur-
J vofw2 M fll new and second hand-
ib.«aith Wl7-1019- 1021-1023 Mission st..
5 |^2 V ?lafn^t D flreproof Bafe for sale cheap
!mjj£^AF n E y O n f 4? 7 Ta d c-ra h mento T .g B
OVF.RSTOCK-St. Germain Billiard Co.; table.
saloon fixture., beer pumpa; rented. 409 Mktl
3. $150; 4. $170. BMITH CO.. 627 Mission »t.
P flr L^ PHONE ' $35: a " ach ment (only), $15; will
nt phono or graphophone. Bacigalupl. 933 Mkt.
B ii F .ii f h^\ a / . 4 1 new and second-hand: all
•Ue«; hatf original cost, 108KU1 Market, 8. F.
BUSINESS i;mai»^*hj».
l 32 r .O— GROCERY and bar; one of the best ;or-
W ne^ in city; P «s ; ntowner th<« 5 years; go
ing to Europe. JONES & LAWN. 719 Market.
$1500 TO $2000— Saloons in all parts of town
JONES & LAWN. 719 Market st.
$2500-BRANCH newspaper office clrcuia-
and correspondent; good ton L"^.^"?
California; clears over $120. JONES & LA\\.\,
719 Market st. '
STATIONERY, confectionery. notion, cigar
stores, bakeries, lodging-houses or any kind nf
business for sate by JONES & LAWN. 719 Mki.
A— $800; DELICACY, pork store and bran, .1
bakery; $25 daily. KREDO <<• CO., 22'? Geary.
A— slso; BRANCH bakery and delicacy; receipts
$S daily; 3 living roms. Kredo, 22 1 - 2 Geary.
A— s2oo; CORNER cigar stand; a rare char:
bargain. KREDO & CO.. 22V 2 Geary st.
A— s2so; PARTNER wanted; old-established In-
door business: will pay $75 to $100 per mont .
each yearly. McLaughlln & Co., 777 Mark- :
$2500— HOTEL; near city; paying: establish* j
business: trial given. McLAUGHLIN & IX .
777 Market 3t.
$500— PARTNER In manufacturing busing^. ,
large' stock: exclusive trade; $75 to $100 »
month clear each; no experience require,
plenty of work. Western Inv. Co., 9 G«?ar-
S2OO— PARTNER, light business; $18 a week: an
experience required: trial given; see It. Wc-i-
-em Investment Co., 9 Geary St.
MACHINE, bicycle and locksmith shop can be
bought cheap. German-American. 34 Kearr : .
LADY partner wanted; half interest; $50 p«r
week Insured; $750 required. Basile. 873^ Mkt
RARE chance to buy locksmith shop, god,
and tools, on account of old age. 10 year*
same place. 918 McAllister St.; small rent;
good business.
WANTED— Capable man with $2000 cash t3
carry stock of goods and manage bran<->.
business; $150 per month and expenses; extr»
percentages: permanent position: referenr*-*
required. HENRY VERNON, Boyce butll-
Ing. Chicago. ■
WANTED— An up to date business man with
not leas than $10,000 capital in well estaMiph»l
saloon and lodging house proposition; man ot
good business ability and recommendation*
desired only. Address E. J. C. box 1191. Call.
GRAND chance for man and wife; fine busi.
ness; $400; worth $2000; also great snap, d<>i;-
Cacy store: $250; worth $800; see part-. at resi-
dence. 133% Fair Oaks St., nr. 2?. d; no trlflers.
AN Eastern party having a fine patented i=p?-
cialty wishes to arrange with a hustler hav-
ing a tittle money to handle coast trade. B 1
1211. Call office.
PARTY wanted to take Interest In water
power 100 horsepower current wheel; will be
operated on tidewater on Kentucky st., near
Army. A. KRUSE. 314 Fifth aye.
RARE chance — Wanted, lady or gentleman with
small capital to buy half Interest in first-
• class paying restaurant. Address box 1241.
Call office.
I HAVE a fine list of good-paying hotels, gro-
ceries, bakeries, stationery stores and mer-
chandise; all legitimate, EITEL. 1016 Market.
GOOD-PAYING restaurant, situated In best
business part of town; cheap; cause, sick-
ness in family. Apply Call office.
$4000— CORNER grocery and bar; large stock;
good location; established 20 years; owner
died. Address box 1188, Call office.
$200— MANUFACTURING business: patented
article; no competition; large profits. 612
Examiner building.
AMUSEMENT grounds: best location: latest
Eastern novelty; partner with $2500. Box
1243. Call office.
WANTED -A partner with capita! in a pay-
ing hay and grain business. Address box 11*4.
Call office.
12 OAK liquor show barrels, with brass key
faucets; cheap. J. HER VI 219 Grant aye
VALENCIA. 1346— Must sell ; branch bakery,
coffee parlor; nice living rooms; easy terms.
BARBER to buy half Interest. * Front st.
BARGAIN— Shoe store; nice stock and fixtures.
Box 446. Ukiah, «'al.
BAKERY doing good business for sale cheap.
Box 11SK. Call office.
CALL and Bulletin route for sale. Inquire
339 Vi Clementina st.
WELL stocked saloon; good location; cheap.
Apply this office.
GROCER'S and bar, well stocked. Seventeenth
•and Noe, for sale, cheap; established 12
years; low rent, store and 3 living rooms;
lease obtainable; store and Inventory open
for inspection. For particulars apply on
premises or to CURTIN & BEAL'S, room 24.
3d floor. Mills building.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches. Jewels,
silver, pianos, guns, sealskins, silks, paint-
Ings, at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
CORNER grocery: rent $35: a bargain. Inquire
of E. H. GEORGE. 533 California st.
FOR sale— A neat restaurant at 129 Fourth st. ;
$125.
SALOON for sale In good country town; corner
lot: property— stock of liquors, cigars
and fixtures; price asked $2000. For particu-
lars inquire of W. SCHMALZ. 220 Kearny,
corner Hardie place, basement saloon, city.
FOR sale on account of sickness, florist and
nursery stock, greenhouse and heating ap-
paratus, doing business of $15 to $25 a day, or
will exchange for real estate across the bay.
Apply 500 Halght st.
$350— RESTAURANT: worth $1000; selling on
account of death In family; receipts $30 per
day; located in 200- room hotel; owner going
to Europe; no agents. Call 983 Kearny st.
FOR sale cheap; must be sold; grocery, wood,
coal, hay and feed business.; whole or sepa-
rate. Apply northeast corner Valley and Do-
. lores sts. -■'•
HAVE $2000 to invest In established, paying
business; best references given and required.
Address box 1180. Call office.
GOOD chance for provision delicatessen stand
in a new market; Just opened. Cor. Fourth
and Natoma sts. '•-.'
$175— LODGING-HOUSE, 9 rooms; well fur-
nished; full; a genuine bargain. 1065. Market.
BARBER shop In prosperous country town:
5 living rooms; rent $12. Apply 230S Howard.
OLD-ESTABLISHED blacksmith shop for sale,
with stock and tools. Inquire 630 Broadway.
HORSESHOEING shop; good location;
departure cause sale. McLaughlln. 777 Mkt.
WANTED— few good men with $1000 cash
each to Join In a first-class business; $10.
a year income to each. Box 1106. Call office.
SALOON and restaurant, city front; 14 fur-
nished rooms; large yard; rent $25. Apply
Call office. .
DELICACY and dairy produce store doing a
good business for sale. Box 1137 Call office.
BAKERY In country town; good store trade: 4
horses and 2 wagons; $1200. Apply Call office.
FINE restaurant; fine fixtures; good location;
will sell less than Invoice. Call office.
JOHN REDLEY-Leavlng for Europe. <*«•>«*
to sell his tailoring business. including stock
and good will. 340 Third st. .
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from 1 0 0 1 EO "
W. CASWELL & CO. '9. 415 Sacramento «t.
CHEAPEST and b«t In Amerlca-The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In tn«
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
DENTISTS.
DR. T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors
Emma Spreckels bid*.. 927 Market st
Painless extraction a specialty; Hirer ly
work done on the teeth is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching wew
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold filling from $1. plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teetn
without pain. Best materials used on.y.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. SO9 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th. rra. 7. Flood b-dg..J ™n
have your extractions done pain ■ te*in
without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
$3 60 up: plates, extractions. free. $4 60 up. 01-
-flee hours, 9a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday. 9 tos
p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
A FULL set of teeth. $5; see new flexlb'.s
plates; light and thin: guaranteed 10 years,
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty: filling. 50c: crowns, $3 50: a.i
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st.: telephone Jessie us-
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; *' rld . Be ,f' * * 4 ;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH without plates a specialty: full set of
teeth. $5; crowns. $3; fillings " c - f ,*" I JL°i I J
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental
Parlors. 8 Mason St.. corner of Market.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors; guaranteed
work; lowest prices: ten operators: open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.-
DR. LITDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and lings a
specialty: all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
LOWEST prices In S. F. : painless extraction
guarntd. N. Y. Dentist. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny; set of teeth,
$4; filling, gold, 50c; silver, 25c; crowns. $3.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing, f 1 per jrea*>CITY RE AX ESTATE.
O. ii. L'MBSEN A CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
'.4 MONTGOMERY ST.
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
WHOLESALE BUSINESS -PROPERTY.
$50.rK")iV-4-ytnry brick buildings, covering ear-
tire lot: cornor i-n Sans line st., a short dia-
tr.nce from Market: EOxSO, with 2 L's; rents
J36.X) per annum.
BUSINESS CORNER NEAR MARKET ST V
$30,000— Stores and- flats: about half of lot va-
cant; present ronia SISS per month; IOOxiJ.
BUSINESS CORNER.
$25,000 Corner on Turk Ft., a short distance
from -Market; rent} for ;S0 per month; splen-
did corner for hotel ami stores.
PARTITION SALE.
524,500 — Business property on Howard st.,
running through to Tehama: 6 stores -and 3
flats; 53:4 x] 2 frontages; half of lot unim-
proved xirefient rents $149 per month, which
could bo fully doubled If lot were fully built
upon.
GOLDEN GATE AYE.
$20,00C — Business section; 2 stores and 4 flats;
rents Sl7-U) per annum; 43:9x137:6.
FOURTH-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$20,0'»— 2 stores and 4 flats: new and modern;
rents $1656 per annum ; f.OxSa.
TURK-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$12,500—5 fiat?: rents $105; 25x137:6; a short dis-
tance from Market st.
HAYES-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
X ■'■■■ 25x120; I frontages; store and 6 flats
w< ill '. pay at least 10 per cent net on the In-
vestment; present rents $4SO per annum; in the
heart of the business section of Hayes Valley;
improvements of little value.
FLATS AND INVESTMENTS.
FOUR MODERN FLATS.
$14,500— Rents $1320 per annum; 4 elegant,
modern flats; lot 60x100; McAllister st.
INVESTMENT UNEQUALED.
$10,500— Sutter st.; 3 elegant modern fiats;
nearly new; S. 8 and 7 rooms and bath each;
rents $10S0 per annum; 27:6x100; sunny side of
street.
THREE VERY CHEAP FLATS.
$7000— Post Ft.; 3 modern flats of 6. 5 and 4
rooms and bath each: a very good location;
always rented; no reasonable offer refused.
SOUTH SIDE INVESTMENT.
$3000— Several tenements; rents $480 per an-
num, and lot.
RESIDENCES.
AN ELEGANT MANSION.
— Eddy st. ; contains 10 rooms and bath,
servant's room. laundry and billiard room;
large lot.
HAIGHT-ST. RESIDENCE.
— Very cheap; fine modern residence of
12 rooms and bath, etc.; 25x112:6.
A VERY CHEAP HOME.
— Mission warm belt; modern 2-story resi-
dence of 7 rooms and batn; 25x114.
A VERY CHEAP MISSION HOME.
$2050 — Nice modern 2-story, and high base-
ment residence of i rooms and bath; 25x114;
north line of street; handy to eeveral lines of
cars; nice garden; this !s a bargain.
COTTAGES.
RICHMOND COTTAGE— FORECLOSURE.
$2260 — Very cheap: modern cottage of 5 rooms
and bath, etc., and lot; very easy terms can
bo arranged.
COTTAGE ON EASY TERMS.
$1500— Nice bay-window Cottage of 4 rooms;
close to 'Castro an! Twenty-fourth sts. ; very
cheap.
LOTS.
A VERY FINE CORNER.
JSSOO— Corner on l«>visadero st. ; 62:6x110;
splendid location for stores and flats.
VERY CHOICE.
$7500 -60x127:8^4; Washington St.; Pacific
Heights; very choicest residence location.
23 MISSION BUILDING LOTS— VERY CHEAP.
$1000 and upward; corner. $2000; Noe, Henry
and Fourteenth sts.; 1 block from Market; Noe
Bt accepted by city; 'ether streets sewered and
macadamized; . >.li:> and 25x106; corner 27:6 x
IQ5;' level, on grade and ready for building;
offered at very low prices and so nicely lo-
cated they are selling rapidly.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate
Records," which contains a list of properties
for sale in all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
O F. YON RHEIN & CO.,
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
30xlG0 to rear st. Mission St., near Fourth;
brick improvements; rents $146 50; $26,000.
Montgomery aye., through to Washington st. ;
brick improvements; rents $l&0.
3Sx!2O to rear St.— Ellis St., near Jones; 11-
-r>Tcm house; rent $65.
27 :6xS7:6— California St., near Larkin; 2 flats;
rents 166 50: always rented.
47:6x137:*— Broderick st., north of Golden Gate
nve : residence, stable, grounds, etc.
;y x <;0 — Mission tt., near Third; store and
dwelling: $15,000.
f137:6x137- ( >— Corner of Leavenworth and Green-
wich sts.; 10 rooms and bath; rents $s<B $12,000.
20x57:6— Corner Dupont and Hincklay; store
and lodging house; rents $85; $9000.
•60x75— Clementina Et., near Fifth; 2 hcubfcs;
rents $71; $S5OO.
27:6x120— With Improvements; on Linden aye.;
lav*-« st, near Laguna; $6500.
25x80— Fourth St., near Harrison; store and
fiat; $6800: sale urgent.
20x57:6— Lewis place, nr. Taylor and Post nts. :
2 bay-window flats; rents $59; $6000: make offer.
26x60— Commercial st., near Front; brick
building: $6000.
61x117— modern flats; rents $110; sunny and
fashionable; Mission belt.
28x75— Corner Eighteenth and Collingwood
ei.s.: store and flats; $7000.
2oxSo— Nineteenth, near Valencia; 2-story
house Kit 8 rooms and bath; $5000.
24:3x ( i9;S — Green St.. near Powell; new mod-
ern bay-window flats; rents $38; $4500.
25x87:S Twenty-fourth St., near Guerrero; 8- i
room house; $4000.
Green, near Hyde; modern double flats.
20x76:6— Vallejo St., near Powell; $4000.
25x122:6 Shotwell St., near Twenty-fourth; 2
flats: $3SOO.
20x5S:9— Bannam place, north of Green; 2-story
house and rear house; rents $24; $1600.
25x75— Shipley st., near Sixth; 6 flats; rents
$35: $3100.
25x114 — Twenty-second st., near Guerrero; 2-
Rtory house: $2000.
— Federal et., near First; front and rear
; houpe: rents $26; $2250.
■ . Twenty-Blxth st., near Harrison;
cottage; $2100.
UNIMPROVED.
60 -a— Hayes and Lyon Ets.; as a whole or
In subdivisions.
— Church and Twenty- third sts.
25x100 Florida St., north of Eighteenth; ad-
joining Union Brewery; offer wanted.
[71:10 — corner Polk and Lombard.
20x115— Scott, near Washington.
25xS5— Thirteenth, near Stevenson; 2 lots.
£6xloo— Valencia, between 13th and 14th; 4 lota.
25x95— Thirteenth, bet. Valencia and Jessie.
25x110— Noe, near Ford; $1500.
— Corner B st. and Twenty-fifth aye.; in ,
one or more lots. *
25:8x114— Twenty-eighth, near Dolores; $1000.
Twenty-fourth st., near Doug-lass; $850.
Silver Terrace Homestead lots cheap.
A HOME STORY IN A FEW WORDS.
Pay rent, during the next few yean nnd
your total Investment will bring you what?—
Nothing.'
Pay for a home on monthly Installments
during the same years and your total Invest-
ment will bring you what? A HOME all
paki for.
It will cost you exactly the same rent
money you would have been paying your land-
lord, but it will give you a deed In a few
years to the home that will always be your
own. Buy a home while you are young and
:" it will be a great comfort to yourself and
, family in your old age. It will relieve you
from the constant burden of paying rent.
JACOB HEYMAN & SON, 19 Montgomery
St., Owners and Buildere. .•.
HEALTH RESORT OF SAN FRANCISCO.
You need not go to Santa Cruz to enjoy the
sea breeze: you can have it right here at the
lovely ocean beach, within 20 minutes' ride
. of the city and near the pleasure • ground of
Sutro Heights, at a great deal less cost; come
to us and we will locate you In a comfort-:
a,ble cottage which you can buy or rent at $6
to $7 60 per month; the lots we are selling are
-.. graded and lose to the Boulevard; water fur-
nished to each cottage; branch office- at J
' st. and Boulevard.
JACOB HEYMAN & BON, 19 Montgomery
Ft.. Owners and Builders.
$100— LOTS south of Golden Gate Park In
block S2S, close to block 726: $10 down and
$2 60 per month. JACOB HEYMAN A SON.
19 Montgomery st.
$100— • south of Golden Gat» Park. In
block "SIL opposite block 726. JACOB HEYMAN
- _ SON. 19 Montgomery st.
$10 MONTHLY will buy you a new 3-room
cottage near Holly Park; near Mission elec- j
; trie cars. _
$250— Lots on Twenty-ninth st., near Diamond
nnd Glen Park; $."> monthly Installment*; lots
__U4 __«_ JACOB HEYMAN & SON.
-• x . .' 19 Montgomery st.
109- LOTS in Colma, on the electric road; easy
terms. JACOB HEYMAN. 19 Montgomery st.
£g£SS£2 SONNTAG,
REA_ ESTATE AGENTS.
Houses Rented, Rents Collected and Full
' ='• • ' Charge Taken of Property.
624 MARKET ST.
: "- J2loo— Minna St., near New Montgomery; lot
,r.jx"7o feet, with building renting for $26 per
month. , . .
\ rFilbert St., near Jones; lot and cottage
. of -4 rooms and bath; rent $10 per month; lot
, 2?A'.o.feet. r . . . ,
' ; $310'*— Pe Long aye., near Frederick st. ; lot
.2ixSo feet; with nice cottage on, with 6 rooms ;
$17.'000— Spear ft., near Market; lot 34:6x137:0 j
■feet; a fine buy; will rent well to build on.
. $:wioo_par|flc Heights, northeast comer; lot 50 ;
Xl3O feet; fine marine view; a bargain. _ |
-■ $!20(»--Tu-enty-pecond st.: sunny corner; lot 30
XlOl feet; lot ready- to build on.
$5000— Golden Gate aye.. near Scott St.; with i
■ house of g rooms and bath: brick foundation.
For further particulars apply to ;.
BOVEE. TOY & SONNTAG, 021 Market St. - 1
CITY KEAL —STATIC i
$17r,0— POWELL aye -> close to Mission st.; 3
nats of 4, 4 and 3 rooms each; lot 25x100; this
is a very good investment.
♦•.1.1.V0— Large corner, 50x75. on Valencia st.,
lnK Se l ° Market : Improvements 3-story build-
1 4;.O— Modern cottage; $200 cash, balance
.I'nthly; Eureka st., near Nineteenth; up-to-
<iate house; contains 5 rooms, porcelain bath.
Ct;KNER INVESTMENT.
l. n „. PAYS OVER 12 PER CENT.
*w,i)oo— Plne-st. corner; 6 2 story houses; 6
roir.is and bath each >
*-»600— Not far from the corner of Stanyan
an-i Frederick sts.; 1%-story residence, con-
taining 8 rooms and bath; lot 25x80; easy terms;
house cost $4000 to build.
„:_£ A SPLENDID INVESTMENT.
$8500— Rent $79; Central aye., near Haight St.;
3 modern fiats; contain 6 rooms and bath each; '
on sunny side of street; lot 25x112:6; a good buy.
s. SCO— Rent $66; splendid new 2-story and
basement buildings on Hayes st, not far from
town, containing 2 handsome sunny flats of 7
rooms each; lot 25x187:6.
$2000— Sacramento St., near Powell; 2-story
r.OUi-e of 7 rooms; corner lot 50«46.
?5i:5O — Washington st., near Powell; 2-story
brick building containing 10 rooms and base-
ment; large corner lot, 40x77:6; building covers
only portion of lot.
$6160— $67 50; Larkin st., near Broadway:
3 flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath each; lot 24.1
100; large mortgage can remain; must be sold.
$8500— Kent $72; Mason St., near Clay; 3-story
house. 10 rooms and bath; also double cottage
of ti rooms each; lot 40x60. • ■
$6500 — Great bargain; Folsom St., near Twen-
ty-second; 2 flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath
each; rent $45; extra large lot. 45x122:6.
$2860— St., near Third and Folsom; 2
flats of 5 rooms each; also rear house of 8
rooms; lot 25x75.
i — Hayes st., near Lnguna; large lot. 27:6 x
120, to Linden aye., with 2 flats of 5 rooms and
! bath each on Linden aye. ; Hayes-st. frontage
vacant; rent $31; mortgage of $4100 can- remain.
$10,000 — wanted; California st., near
Franklin; large lot, 30x137:6; cottage of 7
rooms, bath, etc.
14000— Corner of Pacific and Jones Bts.: lot
45x60. with 2-story double house of 5 and 6
rooms and bath; rent $32.
I $1100 — Nebraska St., near Nineteenth; cottage
i of 4 rooms; lot 25x100; easy terms; a good home
; for a worklngman.
( 12500— .Rent *21; Langton St., near Bryant; 2-
story house containing 2 flats of 3 and 4 rooms
I each.
$0500— Rent $65; facing the Park Panhandle: |
; 2 handsome flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath
j each; large lot.
[ $2000— Rent $20; Tehoma St., near Eighth; 2
' flats of 5 and 6 rooms.
$9000 — st, near Van Ness aye.; 2-story
residence of 10 rooms and bath, etc.; lot 27:6 x
120; 2 frontages.
$3800— $39; Clementina St., near Fourth
and Howard; 2 good buildings; a good renting
! locality. BALDWIN & HO WELL.
10 Montgomery st.
j A SPLENDID HOME IN BEAUTIFUL SANTA
ROSA.
$10,000— For sale or exchange, about 4 acres
within 2 blocks of business center; fronting 195
feet on the best residence street; improvements
consist of a handsome residence, containing 12
1 large rooms etc.; cost $15,000 to build; beauti-
ful lawn, shrubbery, etc.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
FINE LOT ON SIXTEENTH ST.
$600 only; near Ashbury; lot ready for build-
i Ing; magnificent panoramic view of the city
'. and bay; close to electric cars.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
1 PARK LOTS! PARK LOTS!
SELLING LIKE HOT CAKES!
! Take a car to-day and ccc the improvements
I going on In Sunset District. Note the large
• amount of street work being done. See the
; homes being built, etc. Sunset is the most
thriving and progressive section of the city,
! and is a splendid place to invest In lots.
Lots facing on Eighth, Ninth, Tenth and
Eleventh ayes. at prices ranging from $200 up-
ar TERMS— S2S CASH, $5 MONTHLY.
Take the Haight or Ellis St. cars and trans-
i fer to the electric road which runs to the Cliff
i House. Get off at H st. and Ninth* aye. We
have a branch office there always open (Sun-
'■ days included). BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
i ' " "mm
PRICE $9500. RENTS $100.
A good 16- room house on Bush st., near
; Powell; splendid lot, 27:4x137:6; pays well and
j Is a safe investment.
A FINE CORNER
: In Western Addition for a druggist, grocery-
I man or saloon: fine new modern 2-story build-
: ing, with beautiful fiat above; rents $S5; price
i reduced to $9000; a grand bargain.
37:6X75 FEET,
With 9-room house and bath, on side street not
far from Market; must be sold; reduced to $2950.
SEVENTH ST.. NEAR HOWARD.
Store and 3 rooms below, 8 rooms above; lot
25x75; rent 3 $50; price $5000.
CHEAP MISSION COTTAGE.
; Good cottage of 6 rooms on Nineteenth, near
j Guerrero st. ; lot 25x114; street bituminized;
stable in rear; only $2500.
IN PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
A splendid lot 42:6x107, with marine view,
owner leaves town and lot must be sold; re-
duced from $5000 to $4400; a rare chance to se-
cure a lot In this favored location.
RENTS $3?. PRICE $3000.
6 flats south of Market st. ; lot 25x100: prop-
' erty all rented; old tenants: this property must
! be sold: will shade this cheap price.
SEND FOR OUR LIST
Of Panhandle and Alamo Square lots, also Pa-
j cific and Presidio Heights.
McAFEE BROS., McAFEE BROS.,
108 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
W. H. CRiM & CO.. Real Estate and Insur-
ance, 118 Montgomery st.
Improved.
$29.000— Mission Ft . near Sixth; stores and
lodging house; 30x80.
O"Farrell st.. near Powell; 25x80; with good
improvements. ■
$35.000— Tw0 corners,. Post and Jones; 70x60;
i choice locality for stores and lodgings.
. Howard St., near Fourth; stores and room-
-1 Ing house; nearly new and well rented.
$5500— Howard st. flats; 6 and 7 rooms; rents
I $40: $3500 on mortgage at 7 per cent; 25x115.
i $3000 — Broadway, near Gough: -house of (
' rooms, bath; £5x130: lot worth the price.
$5500— $3500 can remain on mortgage; 50x104;
3 flats on rear; fronting on Florida; corner
. Twenty-second and Florida.
$2600— Neat cottage, 5 rooms, bath; 25x80;
■ mortgage of $1500 will be obtained.
$2100— Gilbert st.. near Brannan; front and
i rear house; rents $28.
Reduced to $1350; lot 30x95, with house of 3
I rooms; street work done.
LOTS.
$9500— Howard and Eighteenth; 50x90.
$6000— Mission, near Twenty-first; 53x122:6.
$3000— $1200 down; 2 flats, 5 rooms, bath, each;
> 26x100.
$1000— 7-room cottage; Sears St.. Ocean View;
I °$2750^-For 64 lots In South San Francisco.
$27" J O— For E4 lots In South San Francisco.
$22>0— Twenty-fourth, near Alabama; 2ox*loo.
$2000— Church, near Twentieth; 67x105.
i Harrison, near Twenty-first; 25x122:6.
$1000— Twenty-second, near Alabama: 25x80.
$1000— Twenty-third, near Castro: 25x114.
$250 cash; balance of $500 at 7 per cent; build-
i in" lot; Second aye.. near Point Lobos; 25x120.
I Twelfth aye.. n-ar I; 25x120. ■ ■
I .
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM A, CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
ONLY $200! ONLY $200! INSTALLMENTS!
BEST AND CHEAPEST LOTS NEAR
BOULEVARD AND BEACH!
NEW BLOCKS, FINE CLIMATE, SUPERB
VIEW.
$300 to $800— Beautiful Sunset Heights lots;
best home sites in the city; only $25 down, $5
monthly.
Special bargains In Richmond lots— s4oo, to
$SO0; ready to build on.
I $100 to $300— near Misslon-st. electric
i cars; ready to build on; $10 down, $5 monthly.
! Branch office on Ninth aye., near H st.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
C. C. BEMIR, Real Estate and General Land
Agent, 824 Montgomery st.
Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-sev-
enth and Douglass sts.; must be sold; 80x114
feet.
$2800— North line Carl St.. near Stnnyan; 60x
137:6 feet.
Residence and lot— North line Pacific aye.,
■ near Webster; lot 30x127 :5% feet.
In Berkeley— Corner lot; 87x150, with modern
house of 9 rooms.
$1650—4036 TWENTY-SIXTH St., near Noe; fine
cottage; very cheap.
$775— Worth $1000; 25x100; Dolores St., near
Twenty-ninth; great bargain; 2 car lines;
, must be sold.
$1000— Fine lot on Hampshire St., . near
Eighteenth. , ._,.__
$275 Great snap; corner on Bernal Heights;
level; 1 block from school.
McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
IZIZIZI— MISSION COTTAGES—^
Four 5 * and 8 room houses on the sunny
eld" of Twentieth St., between Castro and
Noe- $2200 to $3200; email cash payment; bal-
ance monthly; over 40 houses sold In same
block by F. NELSON, builder.
$1000— A sacrifice; half a block In University
Mound, with a living spring to Irrigate It;
this is a snap for a florist. P. J. KENNEDY,
jl Montgomery St.
•2000— ELEGANT nearly new cottage of 6 rooms
and bath; on Ashbury Heights; must Bell.
Nearly new C-room cottage; on Clement
si.' near Fifth aye.; a. snap. „,.'
$2600— st. ; S rooms and bath; lot 27:6 x
100* a foreclosure *ale.
ITO, a J. W. WRIGHT & CO.. 630 Market st.
$1000— ONLY $250 cash, balance $10 a month;
city poultry farm; new double bay-window
house- brick foundation: nice stable, chicken
house and city water; an absolute sacrifice.
P A. DOLAN, 40 Montgomery et., room 7.
■ ■ . . ■ • ■'■■--
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 26, 1399. -.
CITY REAL ESTATE. j
MADISON & BURKE, Real Estate Agents,
Established 1868. 626 Market st.
Stockton si., first block from Market St., fine
piece ot business property at a bargain.
Must be sold— Two fine flats" on Hayes st..
near Buchanan; lot 27:6x120 to rear street; rents
very low, $55; only $7250; make offer. %
$4500— Bush st., near Devisadero; 7 rooms and j
bath; lot 23x137:6.
$5260— Gough st., near Fulton; 11 rooms and
bath; laundry and large cellar; lot 31x82:6.
$2600 only for a nice 2-story house In perfect
order; Hampshire et., near Eighteenth; lot 25x
100. •
| $5000— Three fiats; Twenty- St.. near Va-
lencia; rents $39 per month; lot 23x90.
O'Farrell st.. near Devisadero: 3 houses; j
rents $12 per month; lot 45x80.
Twenty-fifth St., near Sanchez; 6 rooms j
and bath; 24:3x114.
$3000— Cottage and lot; Twenty-first St., near
Castro; 6 rooms and stable; 25x114.
$1600— Near Sixteenth and Church sts.: cottage
of 4 rooms and lot 26x70.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
$20,000— Pacific aye. southwest corner Octavia
St.; 60x127:8. ',
Corner on Haight and Octavia sts.; 1 block >
off Market; 37:6x100; offered low; one-half pur-
chase can remain at 6 per cent. •
$5200— Oak st., opposite the Park, near Clay-
ton; 50x137:6.
Church st., near Sixteenth; 00x125; only $2000
per lot.
$2000— California, near Broderick; 24:9x82:6.
$3500— Bryant, near Twenty-fifth; 52x100.
$2750— Clay St., near Spruce; 27:6x127:8.
Twenty-first St., near Sanchez; 50x114.
$1600— Filbert, corner Buchanan; 25x90. .
$1750— Union St., near Webster; 25x100.
$1000— Seventh aye., near J Bt.; 26x120.
$900— Twenty-first St., between Diamond and
Eureka: 25x97:6.
$Soo— Jersey St., near Noe: 25x114.
$800— Twentieth St., corner Douglass; 30x110.
California St.. near Second aye.; 25x100; $800.
Tremont aye., near Frederick St.; 25x75.
MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market st.
NOW IS YOUR TIME.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market, cor. Third. |
Elegant accommodations. Good investments.
$40,000.
Grand corner, 65x87:6, near Mason and O'Far-
rell sts.; can guarantee 8 per cent net If im-
proved.
$20,000.
Grand corner Investment; all rented, $175; j
very cheap.
$38,000.
Don't miss this grand Investment; only few
blocks from Tivoli; rented for $300.
1110.000.
Gran* corner on Ellis st. ; rents $600; lot 55x
120; 3 fronts.
$10,500.
Corner, 52x80, with 8 fiats; rents $115; 1 block ■
from Market Ft.
$20,000.
Grand corner on Mission st. lot 120x118, with
stores, etc.: well improved; rents about $2000;
must be sold within 6 days; see It at once.
IS2SO.
Corner, 62:6x100; Haight and Broderick sts. ;
bargain.
$16,000.
Three elegant -flats; rents $1600; 977 Post st.
$4SOO.
Three brand-new flats; rented $32; select loca-
tion.
$5500.
Nine-room house, vicinity of Van Ness aye. :
and McAllister st.
$3500.
4 flats; few blocks from Palace Hotel;
rents $43.
$2950.
2 new flats, vicinity Sixteenth st. ; rents $30.
$900.
6-acre poultry ranch, near Haywards.
$1100.
10-acre Improved ranch, with house, barn, '
blacksmith shop, etc.
$1250.
2 goM flats near Broadway and Mason st. : j
half cash.
Other bargains. Call and see us In our new ;
home, 667 Market st.
A. M. SPECK & CO..
667 Market st.
VAN NESS AYE.
Buy before the raise; 137:6x109 feet; northeast
corner Van Ness aye. and Lombard st.
137:6x109 feet; southeast corner Van Ness aye.
and Chestnut st.
137:6x123 feet: southeast corner Van Ness aye.
and Francisco st.
If applied for at once the above three 50-varas ,
either as a whole or separately will be sold at '■
a very low price to close a business transaction.
Address box 1240, Cal lofflce. I
$2400—824 Elizabeth St.: house of 6 rooms and
bath; fine large basement; $200 cash; monthly |
Installments. • '•
COUNTRY REAL, STATE.
__-^__.__^ -_-_-_—•-—*- I
cT~hT"umbsen & co.,
David Bush. Manager Country Department.
14 Montgomery st.
Dairymen. Attention!
For sale— 10 years' lease of a first-class
dairy farm of 1600 acres, adjoining Benicla,
fronting on tidewater, with 200 cows and a com-
plete dairy outfit, Including new creamery, new
buildings, stock and tools, 150 acres sowed to
wheat and oats; terms on application.
$1600—20 acres near Martinez; 4 acres in or-
chard, 6 acres vineyard, balance In grain, with
house of 3 rooms, barn, 5 poultry houses. Incu- j
bator, brooder; water from springs; horse, I
plow, cultivator, harrow and come tools.
$2000—21 1-3 acres near Santa Rosa; 4 acres i
of grapes, 6 acres In prunes, peaches and cher-
ries; good 4-room hard-finished house, barn,
windmill and tank, poultry houses, brooders,
etc. ; easy terms if required.
$5 per acre — 1700-acre stock ranch near Boone-
vllle. Mendoclno County; all fenced, with
plenty of wood and water.
$10 per acre— l9oo acres in Yuba County: 2
seta of buildings; good gram and alfalfa land:
a bank foreclosure.
t2O per acre — acres in Sacramento Coun-
ty, fronting on the river. In grain, alfalfa and
summer fallow; good Improvements.
$700—40 ACRES rich level land, near Carlsbad :
Springs. Lake County; 25 acres alfalfa land;
large spring; Al water.
$1500 — 240 acres, near Lakeport; 50 in crop;
4 acres bearing orchard; house, barns, run-
ning water; all fenced; 65 acres valley land.
C. F. MOORE, 935 Market St.. room 4.
$3000— A BARGAIN; -ran^h, 12 acres; 4 acres In I
bearing fruit trees, balance in hay: house,
barn, brooder house, horse, cow, wagon, in-
cubator, 125 chickens, bricked well and all i
farming tools: IV4 miles from Hay wards. For
particulars address N. WIRTZ, Haywards,
Cal. j
MILL Valley; for sale very cheap: 6-room cot- |
tage, bath and stable; beautiful grounds; I
fruit trees, oak trees and flowers; corner lot,
75x110; Lovell aye. and Oak St. Apply at 2719
Bryant st., San Francisco.
TEN-ACRE tracts of fine fruit land near Au-
burn, Placer Co.; $5 monthly: no Interest: $15
to $25 per acre. JACOB HEYMAN. 19 Mont- ;
gomery st. j
SUMMER resort and farm, 160 acres, Santa j
Cruz Co., at Eccles Sta.; large house, barn,
orchard, etc.; timber and pasture land. 384
Mission st.
$1500—164 ACRES near Wrights Station, Santa j
Clara Co.; 10 acres in vines; well watered.
McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
160 ACRES; Sonoma County; $5 per acre. AN-
DREW PRICE. 206 Kearny St., room 306.
$5 TO $30 an acre: list free; crops sure. M.
GRIFFIN, Cottonwcod, Shasta County, Cal. |
MILL VALLEY— For sale, house, furnished or !
unfurnished. Apply 526 Turk st. j
SPLENDID stock range for sale; an absolute j
bargain; $2 60 per acre-; 8000 acres on south !
fork of Eel River, in Mendocino County; lots i
of warm winter range; abundance water; J
creeks and ever-flowing springs; all Inclosed
with wire cable picket (18 miles) and natural
fencing; several fields and pastures; 160 acres
In cultivation; buildings, corrals and family
orchards; title perfect. Address W. M.
PEERY. Uklah, Cal.
LAKE County; no drought known; land will !
never be so low again; Invest now. Write to
C. H. BOLLES. Kelseyvllle. Cal. j
$300 PER acre for 15 acres or more at Fruit- j
vale; nicely located; commanding a beauti- !
ful view for building sites, etc.: soil good ;
and will raise anything; price reduced from
$1000 per acre for quick sale: adjoins electric j
line. Apply to E. H. BAXTER. 31 Second j
ft., R. F., or Alden Co., 902 Broadway, Oak^d. i
MARIN Co.. 26 miles from S. F.— s4o to $S0 per 1
acre: choice lands in tracts of all sizes; im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay, grain, [
fruit and vegetable lands: easy terms; rail
and water transit: good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO.. rm. 27. Bth floor, Mills bldg.. 8. F.
NEW rich land near city: small and large
tracts: 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. - For particulars of immense crops
raised In dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COT ATI CO.. 302 California St.. S. F.
26% ACRES good apple land, 18 miles from San
Francisco; $200 per acre; Vi cash, balance In 4 j
equal annual Installments. Box 1204. Call.
SALE or rent— Chicken ranch: suburban home; I
cheap. T. ABRAMS. box 174. Petaluma. Cal.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
$5000— HIGHLY Improved 9-room dwelling . in
best resident part of Uklah City; large lot;
good barn; beautiful lawn; flowers, shade and
ornamental trees; to exchange for Improved •
ranch In San Joaqutn or" Sacramento Val-
leys. Address W. M. PEERY, Uklah, Cal.
~ PROPERTY WAJITED.
WANTED— ReaI estate, improved or unim-
proved; Pacific Heights, Presido Heights or
Richmond district above California st. ; give
description, price and location. Address box
1203, Ca^ ' ■ '
WANTED— 2 or 3 acres, with Improvements. In
-Frultvale on- easy terms. Address box 1221,
Call office- v • „ • ■ 1
CITY REAL KKTATEL
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.
RARE OPPORTUNITY.
$32,000— Fine business block; on Eddy St., near
Mason; good building; lot 25x137:6 feet;
good Investment.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
$25,000— Choice residence of 14 rooms on Pa- |
cific Heights; very sunny; north side j
of street; large lot;- 75x137:6 feet; a fine
home; never offered for sale before.
RICHMOND BLOCK AT A SACRIFICE.
One of the best blocks facing on the park; all
level; no reasonable offer .refused.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$7250— Four flats of 4 rooms each; high base-
ment: on Ellis st.; rents $60; street
bituminized; cement sidewalk; lot 30x I
137:6 feet.
PAYS 14 PER CENT PER ANNUM.
$4000— flats of 4 and 6 rooms, and all In !
rood condition; on- Welch St., near j
Fourth; rents $46 BO: all rented.
FORECLOSURE SALE.
Any offer covering expense will be accepted;
5 nice cottages of 5, 4 and 3 rooms; all
rented; rents $22; s-reet work done;
mortgage $1200 can remain; lot 50x114
feet.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
$2500— Rents $30; always rented; 2 houses of
6 and 4 rooms; basement, etc.; near
Folsom st.
NORTH BEACH PROPERTY.
$1800— Nice house. of 4 rooms, near Lombard
and Dupont sts.; work all done; lot 25x i
77:6 feet.
RICHMOND LOT.
$1050— On Clement St., near Third aye.; sunny
side; street work all done; lot 25x100 i
feet.
FORECLOSURE SALE.
Must be sold Immediately: make an offer: ele-
gant cottage of 6 rooms; bath and base-
ment; near Valencia and Twenty-first I
sts.; street work all done; cement side- ]
' walk.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
$1000 above mortgage at 7 per cent; nice
residence of 7 rooms, bath and base-
ment, on Webster St., near Geary;
street bituminized; must be sold Im-
mediately.
RARE INVESTMENT.
Pays 1 per cent per month; only $500 required;
balance easy; a few blocks from Mar-
ket and Fourth sts; large house ar-*
ranged to accommodate 3 tenements; in
Al condition; just remodeled; don't fall
to see this.
FINE EXCHANGE.
Modern 10-room residence in Pasadena; on Best
avenue; corner; lot 80x200 feet; orange,
lemon, prune and magnolia trees; will
exchange for residence or business prop-
erty In San Francisco. . .
We are preparing our monthly cata.-
lofrue for our April auction sale. For
particulars apply to '
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st.
CHEAP PROPERTY
$200— Corner: near Castro st. cars.
$1650— One-third cash; 5 rooms; Western Ad-
16."ft— One-third ca^h; 5 rooms; Western Ad-
dition cottage.
$2750—4 cash: Sutter St.; store property.. .
$1050—1-3 cash; 5-room cottage; Oakland. •
I. C. SCHARFF, 20 Montgomery st.
THE German-American Is the place to go if
you wish to sell, buy or exchange country or
city real estate. 34 Kearny ft.
YOU can buy a home and we will advance the
money: you can pay it hack in easy monthly ;
installments: no premiums charged. Acme i
Building and Loan Association, 14 Post st. ■
MILL Valley; for sale, house, furnished or un- ;
furnished. Apply 526 Turk st.
WANTED at once— lncome property: must be i
cheap. Call A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
$450— LOT 75x200. running from 12th to 13th j
ayes., South San Francisco, within 600 feet of
public school; 24 blocks from Thlrd-st. elec-
tric cars; title insured. F. A. McNALLY &
CO.. 19 Montgomery at.
WAY below cost; fine store and elegant flat.
6 rooms and bath; always rented, $60; lot
27:6x132:6. Premises. 3027 Sacramento st.
~ MONEY TO LOAN. •
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re- j
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In Installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
■lre; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
yon will be waited upon quietly and quickly, j
Call 6S-69 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
TO LEND. BUMS FROM $500 TO $50,000. at
from 6 per cent on mortgage of real estate,
for a term of years, or redeemable by install-.
ments.
Money loaned on PATENTS. INVENTIONS
FINANCED and capital procured to DEVELOP
A.ND PERFECT SAME. R.GOULD,
131 Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
LOANS on furniture or. pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without |
removal: no commission; no delays. J. '
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission st., above
Sixth: telephone South 14. •
ANY amount at 6"* per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate: mortgages and legacies bought; no. de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. $.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market st. : telephone Main 1844.
BORROW money on Indorsed paper or your i
salary; small loans a specialty: any secur-
ity. THE REYNOLDS CO., cor. 3d and Jessie, i
ON furniture or pianos, city or Oakland: no re-
moval: low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
A— WHEN tired of other pawnbrokers try THE ;
CUT-RATE LOAN OFFICE, 22 Mason st.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undlvlfled Interests In J
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortjr.:
any proposition Prvden. 413 Montgomery at.
FINANCIAL.
MONEY to loan— Real estate, 2d mortg., chat-
tels etc. Harper & Krelger. 312 Km,-\mlner big. . i
——————————— ■ '
SEWING MACIII .ES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold; !
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45. j
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re- >
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL, ESTATE.
$1300— (ONLY one) to order, modern cottage, 6
rooms, bath, etc., with lot. at station: also to
let cheap, dressmaking rooms, first floor. Park
st. J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park St.
$1000— Lot 50x125; house 5 rooms; good location.
$2200—76x160; cottage, 6 rooms; Central aye.
$3500— Elegant house, 8 rooms; large lot;
Grand St., near San Antonio aye.
— 50x150: new 8-room house; Morten street
station.
Choice lot on Chestnut st., near San Jose
aye., $22 per foot; to exchange for San Fran-
cisco property; splendid 7-room cottage; at
Morton street station.
The above are In best locations and can be
bought on terms to suit: convenient to trains
and schools. ALAMEDA LAND CO..
1500 Park St.. Alameda.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
San Francisco Office, 30 Montgomery st.
$2000— COTTAGE, 5 rooms and bath; lot 33:4x160;
fine artesian well, windmill, etc. : easy term*.
$3100 Elegant new home, 8 rooms; lot 42x138;
Santa Clara aye.; terms $400 cash. $25 per mo.
$2600— Colonial cottage. 6 rooms: lot 42x
207- half block from station and high school;
terms $400 cash. $25 per month. ■
$8500— New house of 8 rooms; lot 40x150; fine
location; San Antonio aye.; Chestnut Station;
terms $500 cash, $25 per month.
A fine business corner, 25x52:6; store and flat
above; new' and modern; must be sold; owner
going East.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
' H. P. MOBHAT. <- CO.. 14-;? Park »t.
A?.AMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOUSEKEEPING rooms, completely furnished,
or room and board for ladies In delicate
health. 1416 Eighth St., Alrur.'-ja.
HerkelUv real estate.
PROSPERITY has at last arrived; home-seek-
ers should acquire a home while the property
values are low. We are selling the cream of
Berkeley property at figures way below real
values; new 9-room colonial home, 1 block
south of university, finished In natural wood,
plate glass windows, large lot of high eleva-
tion, complete for $3600; will make suitable
terms. A few snaps I offer are: $1000.. small
amount down, balance same as rent, 8-room
house, lot '50x100, sewered, at Golden Gate;
$700, same terms, 4-rnom house, high base-
ment, lot 50x130, Golden Gate: large lots ad-
jacent to new electric line on San Pablo aye.,
$150, $10 down. $5 per month. Call or address
M L. WURTS. Seventeenth and Broadway,
Oakland. . ■ ■ - "■
NOTHING like It in Berkeley; lot 25x250. close
to university, for only $150; grand view.
O. G. MAY & CO.. 2123 -Center st.
FIIVITVALB REAL ESTATE.
2-STORY modern house, 6 rooms; big lot;
fruit trees; grand location; Frultvale; price
$1800; very small payment, balance easy; sac-
rifice sale of mortgagee. SALSBURY, Notary,
802 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL SSfA.'H.
A CHOICE LIST J GOOD VALU ES !
$15,000— Cost $25,000; fine Lakeside residence;
corner, 150 front; an estate ordered sold: less
than land value, adjoins two elegant mansions.
$9250— Mortgage $7000; beautiful modern home;
magnificent grounds; central; 10-cal trains con-
venient.
$6500— Bargain; called East; must sell: fine
corner home; 12 rooms; near station: any terms.
$4000— Worth $5000; built 3 months; colonial;
9 rooms; fine Interior; 3 mantels; stable; lot 50x
168; Immediate offer wanted.
$3000—4250 cash, balance as rent; just finished; '"
2 story, 7 rooms; nrar Adeline Station.
$3300— Absolutely coziest new 7-room home on
the market; superb location; easy terms.
$2100— San Diego owner authorizes sale of
modern 6-room cottage; 60x120; cost $3500.
$1600— Mortgaged $1200; cottage, 6 rooms, bath;
stable; elevated lot, 80x140; a bargain; make
offer.
$1250— Bay-window cottage, 5 rooms, bath; lot
25x100; at Twenty-sixth ami Grove sts.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460-462 Eighth st., Oakland.
WRITE TO
E. E. BUNCE, 908 Broadway. Oakland.
If you want a farm or home in a beautiful land.
Fruit, dairy, agriculture or stock farm, argre
or small; perfect titles; specialties of large
tracts for colonies, lumbermen or cattle ranches \
in California and Mexico. For sale or ex- j
change, 1000 ranches, city residence and busi-
ness property, business chances, orange groves,
vineyards; noueea rented; taxes paid; corre-
spondence solicited.
E. E. BUXCE, SOS Broadway, Oakland.
$600— I-ROOM cottage; lot 50x108; stable and
fruit trees; In Frultvale.
$2750—8 acres at Elmhurst; 5-room house:
stable; windmill; JSoO cash, balance on mort-
gage.
$1900— 6-room, 2-story modern house: lot 33x
14'); $400 cash, balance on mortgage at 8 per
Apply JAMES E. WHITE,
Rooms 36 and 37, 906 Broadway, Oakland^
$15,000— BUSINESS property; 624 feet; fronting
on 3 streets; 2 electric car lines: 5 buildings;
an assured income and a "bonanza" in the
hands of the right party; owner sick; muke !
offer; good times ore coming; do not wait:
property will Increase and your profits will be
lens. Address R. J. MONTGOMERY. 170
Thirteenth Ft.. Oakland, Cal.
A— ss MONTHLY will buy a new cottage and 2 '
lots In the Alvln Tract; take Hay wards local t
train to Elmhurst (trains Ftop In front of the I
Alvln Tract) or Hay wards electric car to Jones :
aye.; free carriage" meets electric cars Sundays.
W H. WIGGINS, resident agf-nt; JACOB !
HE VMAN & SON. owners and builders, 19
Montgomery St., or W2 Broadway, Oakland.
$1650— MODERN cottage, i rooms and t;>th;
stable; good for any business, near Twenty- ]
third aye. station; a few hundred dollars first
payment, balance easy terms. S. UNGAR,
1256 East Fourteenth st.
DON'T think of buying until you have snen
those $100, $125 lots 1n Peering Tract. Fruit-
vale aye., end of Elghth-st. elertri.- railway.
H. W. DAVIS. Sole Agent 902 Broadway.
A— ss MONTHLY rental for a nice chicken ;
ranch; 4 large chicken houses, fine brooders, :
4 nests, 12 compartments: 6-foot high wtr«>
fencing; very complete for immediate busi-
ness; will sell, if desired, at a bargain; a
few lots left unsold, $75 upward; $5 cash, $5
monthly; will make special terms If desired;
Allendale settlement. East Oakland: 53 fam-
ilies within 2 years have located and own
their homes: streets all graded, some are
macadamized; near a fine 3-story schoolhouse
and 3 electric oar lines and also a 90-foot
wide boulevard: site, climate and soil the
very best; no fogs nor cold winds here. Call
or send for circular, 455 Seventh st., near j
Broadway. Oakland; carriage free. H. /..
JONES, owner.
WHY PAY RENT?
We can sell you a new 2-story house of 7 I
rooms, modern in every appointment, location ;
sunny side Adeline, near Fourteenth St., on
payments little above ordinary rent: house
can be finished by April 10. A. J. SAMUELS !
& CO., 4«S Ninth St.. Oakland.
FOR sale or exr-hnnce for Pan Francisco prop-
erty, house 5 rooms, bath: near tralnß. Own-
f-r. ' f'62 Third st.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALS, j
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAB" old -tore. 400 Eleventh »t. flee him
HOUSES TO 4.XT
AT 24 Morris aye., off Harrison, near Sixth-
Sunny '-room house, renovated, $13: water
free; appreciated if seen; please investigate.
HOUSE to let; 6 rooms. 23V4 Morris aye., near j
Sixth and Harrison sts. i
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of houses from BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
SEVENTEENTH, 3434, near Valencia— House. 7
rooms and bnth, in Brrt -clans order; rent $20.
BUNNY house, 6 rooms and hath, newly painted
and papered; 220 Ash aye.. bet. Van Ness
and Franklin. Apply C 23 Golden Gate aye.
TO let— Modern sunny 9-room house. 713 Cole
St.. near Waller; key on premises'.
TT7RK. 524, near Larkin— Sunny modern house,
6 rooms: bath; 1 or 2 families.
TI'RK, 1562— Cottage, 4 rooms; also 3-room cot-
tage In rear; large stahle; rent reasonable.
Af-ply MADISON & BURKE, 626 Mark.t i-t
$10 SV-HOUBE. 4 rooms, cellar, yard. 468 Lin-
den aye.. near Hayes and Laguna sts.
$20— ELEGANT house of 9 rooms, bath, sum-
mer house and large grounds at 40 Bernal
av.\ near Mission and Twenty-eighth sts.
Apply tn L. A. SOTJC & CO., 468 Valencia st.,
near Sixteenth.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
TO rent, furnished. April 1 to August 6, taste-
ful, modern house, 9 large rooms; city water;
electric light; large garden and lawn; north-
east corner adjoining university; 5 minutes
fnm railway station: choice neighborhood;
references expected. Address or call at 1 |
Kushivll |-iii.--. Hi.-rkrl.-y.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARLINGTON. 333— A cottaK* of S rooms, chick-
en house, yard; San Mateo cars to Thirty-
fifth st. ; rent $6.
COTTAGE, 1819 Baker st. ; 6 rooms and bath;
painted inside and outside; finished basement.
f*i PER month, 5 rooms, with chicken houses
and '■_ acre of ground. A. M. BPECK fi CO
$10 — COTTAGE, 4 rooms; yard: respectable lo-
cation. 1768 Turk st., near Scott.
$12— NEW bay-window cottage. 4 rooms and
bath, to rent, furnished; on Hearst aye.,
Sunnyside; key at Wilson's store, Congo *t.
$660 WILL build 4-room bay-window cottage;
will call. GEO. M. BALSBURY. builder. 521
X Bt.. Sunset District.
.LATS TO LET.
CLAY, 1415 A, bet. Leaven worth and Hyde-
First-class spnny flat, 8 rooms and bath; ex-
tra room In basement; rent reduced very low.
CLAYTON, 872, south of Frederick— Modern
punny flat, 6 rooms and bath; Cheap.
FLAT of 6 sunny rooms and bath. 122*-4
SRn Jose aye.. between Twenty-third and
Twenty-fourth ayes. Apply 1515H Market «t.
GUERRERO. 1151, corner 24th— 5 and 7 room
sunny modern flats; stone basements; $18, $20.
HOWARD, 1722, near Thirteenth— Sunny, new,
4 rooms; bath; $15; very choice; laundry. '
LADIES' private entrance, polite attention, at
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
MASON, 2319—6 rooms and bath: large lower
floor, 4 stalls, In whole or part.
MOI RUN l.my-wlndow flat; 4 nimny rooms and
bath. 70S A Brannan St., near Sixth.
NEW modern fiats. 242-244 Frederick St., near
Clayton; rent reasonable.
OUR rent department goes to your home: get
printed list of flats from BALDWIN & HOW-
ELL, 10 Montgomery st.
POLK, 1710, near Clny— Bay-window flat, 7 sun-
ny rooms; bath; $25.
RAUSCH. 18V_ and 2014, respectively— 2 flats of
3 sunny rooms; rent $9 60. Apply. 38 Rausch.
RINOON Hill— Americans owning house would
let (to parties without children) eunny corner
flat of 5 rooms and bath; bay windows; fine
view of city and bay; last party stayed 9
years. 351 First st. ; references.
SEE those elegant new modem flats and stores,
corner Valencia and Nineteenth stß. Apply
to L. A. SOUC 4 CO., 465 Valencia St., near
Sixteenth.
SUNNY flat, 4 rooms, modern, reasonable; also
one of S. 1230 Broadway.
UPPER flat, 5 rooms and bath. 6V_ Dearborn,
off 17th, between Valencia and Guerrero.
4 ROOMS, bath, $12 and $14; 5 largs rms., bath,
laundry, Ranlons, *22 50: 7-room house, bath,
laundry, gardens, $2:.. Dempster. 36 Glen Park
aye., off 12th st.; location should be seen.
$g_THREE upper m.->mp; 4 closets. 1008 Na-
toma Bt.. near Eleventh; rear.
$16— SUNNY modern flats at S7 and M Henry
«t between Sanchez and Noe and Fourt.-.-nth
and Fifteenth sts. Apply to L. A. 801 C
& CO., 465 Valencia St., ne*r Sixteenth.
$16— NEW flat, 5 rooms and bath. NW. corner
of Turk an.l Pierce Pts.
$17— FLAT, nrwiy papered and painted ; 6 rooms
and bath. Apply 220 Thirteenth, near Howard.
FLATS TO LET— Continued.
$19—343 LEXINGTON, off Twentieth, bet. Va-
lencia and Mission— G rooms, bath.
$23 — 2147 MARKET St., corner Guerrero; modern
sunny (ljit of 7 rooms 'and bath. Apply
BHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO.
4«7S TWENTY-THIRD st., near Castro; upper
Funny 5 rooms; $15.
697 Noe «t., corner Nineteenth; upper 5 rooms;
n7.
47 Pond st.; upper sunny 5 rooms: $14.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING^
A^T^HoTePFranciscoT^Turk and Taylor sta.-'-
Homelike house; modern service; elevator:
bath: rooms, 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KINO.
BUCHANAN; 602. corner Fell— Bay-window;
mantel; kitchen; sun all day; $11.
FELL. 26—2 or 3 nice sunny front rooms par-
tially furnished; reasonable.
FOLHOM, 776 Vi — 2 connecting rooms for house-
keeping, with stove; also single room. $^
FOURTH, 225— Large housekeeping room; also
single rooms.
FULTON, 213— One or two unfurnished front
parlors and room for light housekeeping.
1 FULTON, 671—3 furnished rooms for house-
keeping; $13^
GEARY, 1505—3 large sunny rooms, connecting,
gas range, bath, closet, $16.
GRANT aye., 15— The most respectable place
to borrow money on your valuables.
HARRISON, 731— Front and back parlor fur-
nished complete for hkpg; large yard; rfnt $13.
HOWARD, 649— Large furnished front room;
other rooms; also bath; for housekeeping,
HOWAHIi, 704, corner Third Finely furnished
sunny rooms; also housekeeping transient.
HOWARD, Hl3',i— 3- rooms, $10; housekeeping;
also single rooms, $1 up.
HOWARD, 2351— 2 sunny furnished rooms, run-
nine water, stove, bath. $S.
HYDE, 609— Suites of 2 nr 3 rooms; complete for
housekeeping; gas and l>ath: ,12 to $20.
LANGTON, 15. near Seventh and Howard— 3
neatly furnished rooms, housekeeping. $10.
I. A K KIN, 804— Large sunny front, with small
connecting room, neaMy furnished for light
housekeeping, $10.
LARKIN, 1007— Two or 3 sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; gas stove; reasonable.
LINDEN aye., 255— 2 light sunny housekeeping
rooms; water; bath; rent $10.
MARKET, 1553— 3 unfurnished sunny front
rooms; rent $9.
MINNA, 546 — Furnished rooms, complete for
housekeeping; large yard.
MINNA, 725, between Eighth and Ninth— 2 big
sunny unfurnished rooms; bay window; gar-
big yard.
MISSION, 945— Front room, with folding bed
and kitchen, complete for housekeeping.
NINTH, 111—2 bedrooms and kitchen con-
nected; bath; rent reasonable.
OAK, 119— Large parlor and kitchen compute
for heavy housekeeping; Jl4.
OCTAVIA, 413V- Sunny i rooms; yard: com-
pletely furnished; housekeeping: reasonable.
POLK. 522— Furnished and unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; also single: rent cheap.
POLK, 1602 — 2 furnished housekeeeplng rooms,
$<>: more rooms if required; unfurnished front
room.
POWELL, 41S— Rooms; housekeeping; furnished
or unfurnished.
SHOTWELL, 324. bet. Seventeenth and Eigh-
teenth— 2 nicely furnished rooms for house-
keeping; front; $lv.
.SIXTH.. Jl4— Front bay-window 6uite, furnished
for housekeeping.
STOCKTON. 1307— Nice furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
TAYLOR, 609—3 sunny unfurnished rooms;
light housekeeping;.
TEHAMA, 448— 2 sunny connecting furnished
rooms, complete for housekeeping.
TENTH, 136, corner Minna— Bunny front house-
keeping rooms; also single.
THIRD. 362— Front rooms furnished housekeep-
ing. $2 2J; one housekeeping room, $150 week.
THIRD, 340 — 2 rooms complete for housekeep-
ing, $1 50 per week.
THREE comfortable rooms for American cou-
ple: part rent in board for owner. At 3990
Twentieth st.; Wednesdays.
TWELFTH. 230C — Nicely furnished front house-
keeping rooms; private family; gas stove; se-
lect locality.
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3367, near Mission— 2 large
sunny furnished housekeeping suites, $8 and
$10; jilso single^
VALENCIA, 209— Parlor floor complete for
housekeeping; also other rooms: reasonable.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
eunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Geary, 14A— Double room; gas; running
water; first floor.
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
single; facing plaza; day or month.
AT 52 Second— Double rooms, per Wk., $1 80 to
$3; single, $1 to $1 50; night, 25c to 60c
BURNETT. 1428 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 634, The La Mar— Newly furnished
sunny rooms en suite or single; reasonable-.
DEVIPADERO IS23— Neatly furnished rooms;
private family: no children: $5 per month.
ELLIS. 927. near Van Ness — Handsomely fur-
nished rooms; all conveniences; private fam.
FIFTH, 221— Quiet sunny house; rooms, $1 to
$2 week; also housekeeping.
FILLMORE, 1920— Nice sunny room for gentle-
man, $4 per month.
FULTON, 226%— Sunny front room for gentle-
man only.
OEARY! 610— Nicely furnished sunny front bay-
window room: running water; $12.
GEARY, 736, near Leavenworth— l double room,
$6; 1 single, $5; bath.
GEARY, 3945— Beautiful furnished sunny. room,
opp. Park; private; modern impts.: cheap.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 427— Furnished rooms;
privilege light housekeeping; no objection to
1 or 2 children over 3 years old; large- yard.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 727— Handsomely fur-
nished front room; Krate, running water; pri-
vate family: reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
Flngle; elevator; moderate rates: families.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission-Select family
rooming house: $1 50 to $6 per week.
JACKSON. 906 — 2 large sunny unfurnished
rM.iiis to let: $8 a month.
LARKIN. 1014— Sunny front room; suitable for
gentleman; private family; $6.
I.K AVKNWORTH. 517— Single furnished room
for gent, only $5 per month.
I.KW IH. IS, off Taylor, near Post— 2 large
rooms and kitchen, unfurnished, $9.
LOANS made on trunks, pianos, paintings, :
statuary, bric-a-brac, furniture, valises, guna. j
UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
MARKET, 1130, near Taylor— House changed
hands; nice front sunny rooms, suitable for
offices; other rooms": rent very reasonable.
MCALLISTER, 677— Furnished rooms; also house-
keeping; first fiat; cheap.
MCALLISTER, 1034— Large furnished room; gas,
hot :md cold water; rent $6; two $S.
MINNA. 28— Sunny furnished front housekeep-
ing rooms; very cheap rent.
MINNA, 240H— 2 sunny rooms, with stove,
grnte, $4 and $C.
MINNA. 436— Single sunny furnished front
n. in, $4 per month.
MINX A, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 035H— NlCtly furnished double and
single sunny front rooms.
MISSION, UJ6- Large sunny room for 2; run-
ning water; grate; also single; reasonable.
MONTGOMERY, 137, and Bush, 305— Nicely
furnished rooms by the day, week or month.
OAK. 38 — Unfurnished housekeeping rooms: sun
all day; large yard; fine for small families;
cheapest in city.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator: electric lights; day. week or month.
O'FARRELL, 902— Large Funny parlor suite
and front alcove, prettily rurnished; private.
OLIVE aye,, 127—2 unfurnished rooms and 1
fuinlshad.
PARNASSUS aye., 215— Rooms to let; near
park and college.
POLK, 607— Two rooms: stationary washstand;
sunny; double beds; al!>o hkpg rooms; piano.
POLK, 523. near OFarrell— Sunny front room,
nicely rurnished; suitable for 1 or 2.
POST, 719— Furnished rooms for gentlemen
from $8 to $15.
iifVENTH. 192 (Olrard House)-Bunnjr room*;"
reasonable: also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth rt..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. 136— Furnished rooms; light housekeep-
ing rooms; $1 per week; quiet house.
SIXTEENTH, 2801. corner Howard-^Sngle fur-
nlshed room, $1 a week.
ROOMS TO LET— Continue*- ■
SMALL hall for Sunday and evening mcct ngs:
cheap. Mercantile Library building, ro 'm_4^
STEVENSON. 409, and Mint aye., 23, near
Fifth— Sunny furnished rms. grate; $1 us. ,
TAYLOR, " 149— Sunny furnished rooms: j-ulet
house; transients; bath; changed hand?; r
VAN NESS aye.. 904-2 furnished sunny robins;
modern conveniences; private; ■.•H.-nai;te_
VAN NESS avenue. 907-Newly furnished '
front room. $10; also room off parlor. I
CHEAPEST and best in America-The Wtskly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address in ; tha
United States or Canada one year lot *i.
postage raid. _ —
""hoarding and ROOMS.
CHILD to board; good home: terms $10; room
for parent If desired. Address box 1225. Call.
ELLIS, 607— Newly furnished 'rooms with first-
class home cooking; with gas, bath and tel.
FIRST. 416— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 a week up: elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Sutherland, 791 Elegantly fur-
nished; first-class in every respect: table un-
surpassed; elevator; suites, with board, M up.
HYDE, »9— Large sunny rooms, with excel-
lent board: families solicited: reasonable.
IF you're short borrow of the respectable house
of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
LEXINGTON aye.. Furnished room with
board, suitable for young lady. $3 50 week.
MCALLISTER. 697— Two furnished rooms with
or without board; piano If required.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board; reasonable: table board. £\
O'FARRELL. 923— Large nicely furnished front
room with board; private: $45 for two.
POST, 509. near Mason— Pleasant sunny rooms,
with excellent board; meals at all hours.
POWELL, 824— Nice sunny room, excellent
board for 1 or 2; reasonable.
POWELL. 303 (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished
sunny front suite,; bath: excellent board.
RESTAURANTS.
PERINI'S. 16 Mason St.— French dinner. 50c;
lunch. 25c or a la carte: prl. rms. for ladles.
CAMPI'S Restaurant: any 2 15c dishes, with
email coffee, 25c. 106-8 O'Farrell. opp. Orpheum.
LOMBARDI'S French dinner, 25c; 10 a. m. to 8
p. m. 43 Stockton (old No. 23). nr. OFarrell.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and lea
cream parlor. 103.* Market.: popular prices.
CUILDRE:. BOARDED.
! LADY wishes small child or infant to care for
at her home; terms reasonable. Box 1223,
Call office.
WANTED— to board: good home; no
questions asked. 417 Jones st.
LADY woud like to board 1 or 2 children; good
home. 138 Hickory aye.
A GOOD home for 2 children; near school. 61
Clara st.
STORES TO LET.
CORNER saloon to let on Sixth st; occupied
by one tenant for twenty years. Apply to
C. S. CAPP & CO.. real estate agents.. 630
Market st.
STORE and 2 living rooms; cellar. Apply 417 V.
Third st. .
OFFICES TO LET.
MARKET, 1066— Large front office to let;
cheap.
"~~ LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE of Testamentary Inquests.— The late
JAMES WEIR, of Saint Clouds. Blackrock. in
the County of Dublin. Esquire, by his will dated
12th of October. ISM, bequeathed the follow-
, Ing legacies, amongst others, namely: One
Thousand Pounds to Mrs. Rachel Sandilan.d;
One Thousand Pounds to the children .of the
late Andrew Brown; One Thousand Pounds to
each of the seven children of Testator's wife's'
sister, Isabella Fallow, namely, Jana*s Fal-
low. William. Fallow, John Fallow. Gavin
Fallow. Janet Fallow, Mary Fallow and Ag-
n es Fallow; One Thousand Pounds to Mrs.
Grace Barr, formerly Steele; One Thousand
Pounds In equal shares amongst the children
of John Steele, son of Mary Steele; One
Thousand Pounds to the Issue living at the
death of the Testator of James Weir, who
died In his lifetime; One Thousand Pounds
to each of • the six children of Testator's
brother, Thomas Weir, deceased, namely, ■
James Weir. Francis Weir, Andrew Weir,
Agnes Weir, Elizabeth Weir and Margaret
Weir. -. V
The Testator recited that Borne of the per-
sons who might be entitled to legacies under
his will were, the Testator believed, resident
In America, Australia and New Zealand, and
It contained the following clause: "I hereby
declare that every person entitled to a legacy
under this my will, shall within a period of
three years from the day of my death, send
In to my trustee or trustees a claim (In writ-
Ing) for such legacy, and any person who
shall not send in such claims, as aforesaid,
shall absolutely forfeit all benefit which he or
she might have otherwise claimed under this
my will, and the legacy hereinbefore be-
queathed to him or her shall be dealt with
as a lapsed legacy." And .the Testator di-
rected his trustees, as Boon as conveniently
might be after his death, to cause advertise-
ments to be Inserted in newspapers, requir-
ing all persons entitled to legacies to send in
their claims. *
The Testator died 30th of October. IS9B, and
said will and one codicil were, on the 18th
November, 189 S. duly proved by Sir William
Flndlater, Robert Bell. James Anderson
Merry, the executors and trustees thereof.
Now. all such of above-named legatees
as have not already done so, and' all
other (If any) persons claiming to be
legatees or to be beneficially entitled
under the said will an! codicil, are
hereby required ' to send In to the
Bald executors and trustees, at the office of
the undersigned solicitors, claims (in writ-
ing) and the necessary proofs of identifica-
tion, and the trustees will, at the expiration
of a period of three years after the death, -
finally wind up the estate and distribute the
then remaining assets of the testator with-
out reference to any claims, except those
which shall have been sent in within said
period. The executors have collected and
realized a very large proportion of the Tes-
tator's assets, and they have paid the Testa-
tor's debts, and thus will shortly be in a po- '
sition to ray the above-mentioned legacies,
and to distribute their Testator's estate (ex-
cept, of course, suoh part of the residuary
property as It may be necessary to retain for
three years). ■ •
The executors believe that they already pos-
sess the addresses of the above-named lega-
tees, but for extra precaution, and in pur-
suance of their Testator's directions, publish
this advertisement, and particularly request
each named or Indicated legatee to send in
a formal written claim without further delay.
Dated at Dublin this 11th day of February,
: ' 189** " ' ■
WILLIAM FINDLATER & COMPANY. So-
licitors for the Executors, 53 Dame street,
, D ALL PERSONS RESIDING IN AMERICA.
claiming to be legatees or claiming to be
beneficially entitled under the said will and
codicil of James Weir, deceased, are In-
structed to submit their formal claims In
writing and the necessary proofs of Identifica-
tion In the first Instance, to the undersigned, '
who have been empowered to receive, exam-
ine and report upon such claims. _
Dated at San Francisco this 9th day or
MarChl CORMAC & DONOHOE & BAUM.
Attorneys and Counselors at Law.
(Agents for Messrs. WM. FINDLATER A
CO ) 119 Bush street, San Francisco, Callfor-
nla. U. S. of A. - '
"~~ ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: R. W.King, attorney at law; 6th
floor. Chronicle building; no advance charges;
estates mortgages, damages, attachments,
bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts, etc.,
drawn; moderate fees; call or write.
ADVICE frea; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; all legal matters. J. B. EVANS.
14 McAllister st., near Hlbernla Bank.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market: consultation free: no fees In advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. "W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. •
PHYSICIANS.
MRS. DR3. DONOVAN. 621 Hayes st!;. all
kinds of womb trouble a specialty; diseases
of the eye treated by herbs.
REMOVAL notice— Dr. C. C. O'Donnell, office
and residence. 1021% Market, bet. 6th and 7th.
~IIABBiAaE~LICENSEs7~
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Clarence R. Sncll and Elizabeth A. Pope.:4s-2S
Stefano Perkovlch and ■ Maria Peru zovich. 33-27
Louis H. Peterson and Estella L. Huyck.. 23-23
Benson E. F. Gouin and Maria Voigt 25-23
Edward H. Chapman and Hattle Field 24-21
Herbert F. Baddeley and Louise H. Mougln.2l-2l
Herbert W. Cousins and Fannie Fcnton 24-22
Arthur W. Beer and Delia M. Swift 24-21
Carl W. Thureson and Jubellna Johnson.. 2S-2S
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in Ht either of the publication offices and be;
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
DANIELS— In this city, March 1", 1899, to the
wife of William B. Daniels, a son.
DOYLE— this city, March 17, 1893. to th«
wife of T. P. ■ Doyle, a son.
1314
ESPY-In this city. March 10, 1599, to the wife
of Robert J. Espy, a son.
HERX.IHY— In this city, March 24, 1599, to the
wife at D. C. Herllhy, a son.
HILL— In this city, February 8, 1599, to the
wife of Dr. A. Ludlum Hill, a daughter.
HUNT— In this city. March 17, 1599. to the wife
of O. F. Hunt, a daughter.
KLEMMICK— In this city. March 22. 1899, to
the wife of Alfred Klemmick, a daughter.
LYNCH-In this city. March 22. 1899, to the
wife of James M. Lynch, a son.
MAJOR-In this city, March 22. 1599, to the
wife of L. Major, a son.
M\LONEY— this city. March 23. 1599, to the
wife of T. J. Maloney, a daughter.
NOLL— In this city, March 22, ON, to the wife
of Edward G. Noll, a daughter.
NUTZ— In this city, March 17, 1599, to the wife
of E. C. Nutz. a daughter.
RASMUSSEN— In this city, January 20. 1899, to
the wife of Blefried Rasnmaaen, a son.
ZEHENDER— this city. March 22. 1599, to
the wife of George J. Zehender. a daughter.
MARRIED.
. BUSSENirS-CARTER— In San Rafael. No-
vember 23. 1898, Ernest J. Bussenius and Eva
I. Carter, both of San Francisco.
GORDON— ZWICK— In this city, March 23.
1859 by the Rev. F. W. Fischer. Louis B. ■
Gordon and Katie Zwick, both of San Fran- ;
Cisco.
ROLA.ND— CONNORS— In this city, March 15. ,
IW, by Justice of the Peace Dunn, Adolph ;
Roland and May Connors, both of San Fran- ;
Cisco. i
DIED.
Casto. Anna B. McGown. Leonldas
Coghlin. Jennie McKellar. Daniel
Combs, Charlotte Meyers. Mrs Mary
Donovan. Mary Orr. Melville p.
Edwards. Annie Peterson. Kmil J. R.
Erlckson. Olof Powell. James C.
Flelschman. Chas. L. Roddy. Charles E.
Gardiner, Russell Sanderson. Nellie
Godfrey, Dents Stuasy, Carl A.
Gordon. George G. Styles. William H.
Kent Josephine Tlbbetts. Irving
Krogh. Marcus Troll. Mrs. Rosalie
Leverone. Frank Zander, Neva M.
McCarthy, James A.
CASTO— In this city, March 23. ,1899. Anna
Belle wife of T K. Casto, and mother of j
Mrs "w. H. Meacham, Mrs. W. H. Lee. Mrs.
George F. Harris and Margaret. Grant and <
William Casto, a native of Washington, D.
C.. aged "0 years 8 months and 19 days.
fc?"Thp funeral will take place this day
(Sunday) /it 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 3226 Twenty-first street. Interment
private. I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
COOHI.IN— In this city, March 24. 1599. at her \
residence 1614 Fell street. Jennie, dearly be-
loved daughter of the late Mary and Daniel ;
C Coghlln. beloved sister of Mother Nolasco. ,
Mrs Cress T'nc«-r and Thomas E. and John
D coghlin and niece of Miss Margaret Mul- 1
keen, a native of San Francisco, aged SS ■
veare. i
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect- ■
fully ".Invited t« attend the solemn requiem I
mass which will be celebrated for the repose ]
of her soul at St. Agnes church, this day |
(Sunday), eommeivinc at 9 O'clock. Inter- j
ment private In Mount Calvary Cemetery. \
Please omit flowers.
COMBS In this city. March 24. 1899. Charlotte 1
Combs, beloved mother of Laura Van Wick- |
lon Fannie Emi»v and Edward and Susie |
Comls. a native of New York, aged 69 years. ;
(Brooklyn papers please copy.) ;
(CTTrienda ar.d acquaintances are respect- j
fully Invited to attend the funeral services |
this' day (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, at her
late residence. 33 Uelvedere street. Interment
private.
DONOVAN— In the City and County Hospi- j
tal. March 2.* i. 1899, Mary Donovan, a native of I
Ireland, aged 80 years. j
EDWARDS — In the City and County Hospital.
Mar 25, 1899, Annie Edwards, a. native of
England, aged -2 years.
ERICKSON— In Alameda. March 23. 1599. Olof.
beloved husband of Agnes Erickson. and
father of Anna. I.illi- and Erick Erick- |
son. a native of Omol. Dalsland. Sweden, aged i
.54 ypars 7 months and 6 days.
(C7"Friends and acquaintances and members !
of Knights of the Golden inner are respect- ■
fully invited to attend the funeral this day :
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Alcazar Hall. 120
O'Farrell street, under the auspices of the !
Knig of the Golden Banner. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery. Remains at the par-
lors cf the California Undertaking Company,
corner of Stockton and Geary streets.
FLEISCHMAN— In thin city. March 24. 1599,
Charles L., dearly beloved son of Charles N.
and Barbara L. FMschman. and brother of
Emilia Fleischman and Mrs. Robert F. Batch- |
elor, I native of San Francisco, aged 29 years
1 month and 12 lays. A member of Alcalde
Parlor No 154, N. S. G. W.
[CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Native Sons'
Hall. 414 Mason street, where funeral services I
will be held under the auspices of Alcalde j
Parlor No 154. N S. G. W. Remains at the
parlors of H. P. Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mission
street, near Eighth. Interment private.
Please omit flowers. ,-;-"-•
GARDINER— In this city. March 24. 1899. Rus- \
sell beloved Bon of Charles H. and Maggie
A. Gardiner, and brother of Harold Gardiner,
a native of San Francisco, aged .4 years and
10 months.
[TT'Fri.-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 32 o'clock, from the residence j
of his parents, 125 Gough street. Interment (
Holy Cross Cemetery-
GODFREY— In this city. March 24. 1899. Denis
Godfrey, a native of Ireland, aged 85 years.
GORDON— In this city. March 24. 1899, George j
Gorum Gordon, beloved father of H. S. Gor-
don, a native of New Jersey, aged 52 years.
KENT— In this city, March 25, !*<•«, at the resi-
dence of her aunt. Mrs. F. Perry. 126*4 Noe
street. Josephine, dearly beloved daughter of
Mary and the late James Kent, and sister
of Ne'.He Kent, a native of Ban Frapclsco,
r.ped :• years and 8 months.
ICNotlce Of funeral hereafter.
KROGH— In this city, March 25. 1599. Marcus,
beloved husband of Hanna Krogh. father of
Marie and PetPr Krogh. and brother of An-
drew Kroeh of Haywards, a native of Sonne-
berg, Schleswig-Holsteln, Germany, aged 50
years. A member of Danish Society.
It^Notlce of funeral hereafter.
LJjTVERONE— In this city. March 22, 1599,
Frank, dearly beloved husband of Sadie
Leverone, son of John B. and Maria Leverone,
brother of Louis and Joseph Leverone, Mrs.
Rosle' Bafflgo, Mrs. Philomena Arata, Mrs.
Mamie M Hart and Mrs. Emilia Cuneo. son-
in-law of Mrs Henry Schaefer, and brother-
in-law of Mrs. Fred Minkles. T. P. Alexander
and Louis Torre, a native of Italy, aged S3
years and 10 months.
(TT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
* fully notified that the n funeral takes place
this day (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his
late residence, 5 Gaven place, between Mont-
gomery avenue and Powell street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MCCARTHY — Drowned near the Cliff House.
February 26 159.9. James A., beloved husband
of the late Minnie McCarthy, father of Ger-
trude McCarthy, only and beloved son of Kate
and the late John McCarthy of 533 Jessie
street, and brother of Mrs. M. G. Beirne, Mrs.
.1 .1 ORourkf and Lizzie McCarthy, a na-
tive of Pan Francisco, aged 33 years 2 months
and 14 days. The body has not been re-
-1 covered. . .
IT7"A month's mind requiem mass will be
celebrated in St. Patricks Church. Mission
street, for the repose of his soul to-morrow
. (Monday), commencing at 7:30 o'clock.
■ McGOWN— In this city, March 25, 1899, L»?onl-
das McGown. father of Leonldas P.. Charles
■ D. and John E. McGown and Mrs. John G.
- Noonan, a native of Tennessee, aged 75 years
and 11 months. rVlrglnla City, Nev.. and
Marysville, Cal., papers please copy.)
ITTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
•" dene 1688 Page street, near Clayton. Inter-
' ment 'private. Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
McKELLAR— In Greenock. Scotland. March 11.
•■ 1899 Daniel McKellar. late of San Francisco,
ageil 24 years 9 months and 3 days.
MEYERS -In this city. March 25. 1599. Mrs.
■ Mary Meyers, beloved mother of Mabel Allen.
' a native of County Waterford. Ireland, aged
41 years and 4 months.
ORR— In Santa Barbara, March 23, 1899, Mel-
ville D. Orr, aged 37 years.
POWELL— In this city, March 23, 1899, James
-. Clay, husband of Anna J. Powell, and father
. of Dr. Barton J. Powell, a native of Paris,
- Mo., aged 67 years. (Nevada papers please
copy.)
ICT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
• HalFted & Co., 946 Mission street. Interment
• Cypress Lawn Cemetery by electric car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero sireets.
PETERSON— In this city, March 24, ]<t99, Emll
' John R.. beloved son of Mary and the late
John Peterson, and brother of Helen and
' Oscar Peterson, a native of San Francisco,
aged 12 years 11 months and 20 days.
|C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
• his uncle, A. Peterson, 119 William street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, . by train
leaving Third and Townsend streets at 11:30
o'clock.
RODDY— In this city. March 24. 1899. at his
residence, 22ft Ninth street. Charles E. Roddy
(formerly of Sacramento), beloved son of Mrs.
K. A. Roddy, and brother of Mary E. and
Thomas Roddy and Mrs. Iyena Hoffman, a
native of Philadelphia, aged 35 years. (Phila-
delphia and Sacramento papers please copy)
ICJ'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attf-nd the funrpnl this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 225 Ninth street, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, where services will be held. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SANDERPON— In this city. March 23. ISM. Nel-
lie, beloved wife of J. L. Sanderson, and be-
loved daughter of the late Eleanor and An-
drew Hennessey, a native of Cincinnati, Ohio,
aged 42 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her late rcsl-
■ dence, B>4 Antonio street, off Jon<?s, between
Ellis and O'Farrell. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery-
STTSSY— In this city. March 25. 1899, Carl Ar-
■ thur dearly beloved son of D. C. and Mattie
Stussy, and brother of Helen Stussy, a na-
tive of San Francisco, affed 3 years and 3
months.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
J«lephou« South 80.
STYLES— In Vancouver, B. C March 23 1899,
William H., beloved husband of Emily a.
Styles, and father of Henry. Mac and Louise
Styles, a native of New York, aged o2 years
10 months and 10 days. '
TIBBETTS-In this city, March 24, W, Irying.
beloved son of J. W. and Nettle Tlbbetts. a
native of San Francisco, aged 4 years and 20
TROLL-Near Geyserville, March 24. 1599, Mrs
Rosalie Troll, dearly beloved mother of
Charles M. and Adolph J. Troll and Mrs. A.
J Bailly. and sister of Philip Hilberer. a na-
tive of Baden, Germany, aged 6C years and 11
months.
ICS'FTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of her son. Adolph J. Troll. 223 Thir-
teenth avenue, between California and Cle-
ment streets. Interment private. Please omit
flowers.
ZANDER— In this city. March 25. 1"99. Neva
May beloved daughter of W. H. and Minnie
Zander, a native of San Francisco, aeed 6
years and 3 months.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
N S Weswander. Doric, Miss F Dlxon <
A B Butler. Fresno jM F Thomas
N Howden. San Jose .Mrs M F Thomas
A L Levinsky, Stktn il? F I!eckman Jr
G B Barham, L An? [Mrs H F Beckman Jr
R E Field. Stanford 'C M Hamilton
X T Wallace. Yreka Mrs F M Hamilton
J B Reed. Sari Jose Mrs N W Swat
J M Harwood, S Mateo R A Fdton
A J Burton. Menlo Mrs S A Felton
G W Me^eath. Omaha Mrs S I) Lewis
P S Roche. Omaha O Simonds
H S McCurmack. N V Miss A L Slmonds
H M I.in.isberKer, Cal Miss A L Simonds
C W Crofts. Chgo Miss S L Simonds
C B Baejf. V S N EM Hatch
J C McJames. Behicia Q M Porter
J M Kelsarif. Benicia W- Rogcrarski
A Jackson. Benicia Mrs H C I-'dlle
Rnymon.l A Whit- Mrs W F Merritt
man Excursion— Mrs E Thomas
It L W Klmball X A Greeley
Mrs L W Kimball 'O L Pterenson
Mrs P B Smith H C Lyons
Miss I> C Smith Or L M Klmball
Miss T! X Smith Mrs I- M Kimball
J H Prince C H .Tewett
Mrs J H Prince J P I'tcher. N V
\V C Mackte . Mrs J B I'toher. N V
Mrs W C Mackle . H A Holmes. N V
A P.acg Tr W H Reminßton. Utah
Mrs A Baßg C A Hedder. N V
Miss R Reynolds Miss Kirby. S Diego
Miss X Reynolds L R Kirhy. S Diego
Mrs H R Hlrsch I' F Vail. St Paul
Mrs L W Rubensteln IM Cudahv. Chgo
L R Gale " v 'rs E Churchill, Napa
B C Bixby Mice Churchill. Napa
.; s; Spencer Mis? Thompson. Napa
Mrs S S Spencer W H Eagle, Napa
j A Crawford 1* L Macleay, J'ortland
Mr< .7 A Crawford A Livingstone. Boston
Mls's C* S Crawford W Broadhead. N V
Miss M M Crawford W Brondhead. NY
J B Basseett Miss Br. adhead. N V
I. S Chad wick Miss M Broadhead, N
Mrs L S chadwk-k Miss M Broadhead.N V
Mrs IMno W J I^mp. St I>ouis
Mrs C L Marshall Mrs W J Lemp. Mo
Miss M Widdleton Miss E I.emp, St Louis i
F M Semens Jr Miss Campbell. Mich
Mrs F M Semens Jr " M Bidden. Pa
". X Crozer Mrs M lilddell. Pa
Mrs F Muklenberg L D Hill. Salt Lake
Mrs M Payne Mrs L S Hill. Sit Lake
3 Itedau M Marcus. N V
Mrs 3 Bedau - C H Hadley. Chgo
G Sumner W L Woodrow. S Jose
Mrs C G Wood Mrs Wnodrow. S Jose
Miss S L Wood H H Pitcher. Llvermr
Mrs G D Wood C A Cooke. Boston
' W Myriek ' |A B Vutler. Fresno
Mr and' Mrs Slas Mrs S Stevenson. N V
Miss H P Buckley Miss Stevenson. N V
Miss Thayer P Stevenson. N V
R B Fowler B A Rl.e. N V
Mrs R B Fowler I G Gildersleeve. Cal
.7 H Melvin ? 3 Fisher. Palo Alto
Mrs <' B I'-terson I Goulden. Mien
Miss C A Brooks Mrs J Goulden, M!ch
E Dlxon Jr H 1^ Story. Cal
Mrs E Dixon Jr M Story. Pasadena
Miss A R Dixon [C J Canda. N V
ij H Mass T W Oliver, N V
B D Meyer. Stanford Mrs .1 W Oliver. N V
A Mordecai, N V
GRAND HOTEL.
J L Glllls Sacto H G Melon, Pacto
w F George Sacto Q M iVck. Stockton
C Nelson Sacto M J Silvia. Stockton
Miss O Siaely, <'a! Stanford HaseballClub,
L O Orstad^ Martinez Palo Alto
A P Mulligan. Cal J P Bassett, Mass
H W Butier, I" S A Mrs A M Johnson. Cal |
B J Devlin. Benicia F L N'ordyke, Cal
W Johnson. Cal I! A Nordyke, Cal
A J Brentwood & w, •' H Crawford, Cal
g Cruz <; T Cochran. Cal
J M Keegan. S Rosa ',T Duncan &w. N V
c Gordon, Sacto Mrs .1 Eggleston, cal
W A Smith, Suisun A H Ellis * w. N V
3 F Keely Cal Mrs E A Reed, Elko
J n Call.' Stanford 'H M cjair Jr. Pa
H S Millzner. fa! C G Bonn«>r, Fresno
F A Boole. Sanger Mrs H L Storey. Cal
S L Hogue Fresno B Storey. Helmont
E F Read. Buffalo E W Massey, Cal
Mlf= D Ager, Cal P F Kennedy, N V
G G Sweny, Pa Mrs W J Wilson Jr. !
G Johnson. W Va | Newcastle
I> I> Nice, w & d. T'tah J J Stansfleld. Cal
W Bradhead *f. Cal O W Kincaid, Cal
W B Sharon. Fresno R L Jackson & w. Cal ;
Anna Fllnn, Stanford 8 R Mathew, Cal
L H Baber Stanford H Dtmmock, Vallejo
A Kail. Vt I"W P Matthews & 2 s,
H F Doughbersr. Nev j Sacto
J W Grippen. L Ang G B McCord. Hanford
7. R Lindley, L AnK |F G Bern", Fresno
Mrs J A Brown, Cal :l N Hahn. St Louis
Mrs M Wilson. Detroit
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Richards, San Jose 111 Friedlander. Cal
J Murtha, Healdsburg C M Smith, Los Ang
C Finley Chlco P S Poulter & w. Cal
R E Cadiigan. Chicago |E R Hlvely. Corona
J 1' M.jynihan. Sacto W S Pettebone. Pa
W J Houdette. Lp Ang!J G Gay, Butte
A Plr.er New York lH N Pettebone. Pa
J L Phillips. Woodland M Shepr^rd. Pa
J M Cross, Suisun IJ Friend, Racto
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. March 25.— Exchanges,
$155,214; balances, $21,729.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or.. March 25. —WHEAT— WaIIa
Walla, r,6»4c; valley. B7e; blue stem, 59@60c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash.. March 25— WHEAT—
Hipher; club, 57%@58c: blue stem, 60%@6!c.
I.ATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, March 2.".
Stmr State of California. Goodall. 49'-fe hours
from Portland, via Astoria 3«u> hours.
Hark Prussia, Jensen, i>o days from Newcas
tle, Aus.
BChr Mayflower, Olpen. 6 days from Coqullle
Schr C T Hill, Rudbach, 9 days from Grays
Harbor.
Srhr Joseph and Henry, Arff. 6 days from
Coqullle River.
S^hr Albion, Guttormsen, 7 days from Co
qullle River.
SAILED.
Saturday, March 25.
Stmr Aroata, Rerd, Coos Bay.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Mendoclno.
Stmr Proffreso. Oilboy, Seattle.
Stmr Nnyo. Johnson, Fort Brap*.
Stmr Kmplre, Nelson, Coos Hay.
Ship Luclle. Anderson, Vladivostok.
Ship Occidental, Bennett. Pu*et Sound.
Bark Martha Davis, Kriis, Honolulu.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. March 25. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind N\V; velocity 20 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT ROSS— Sailed March 25— Schr Ida A.
for San Francisco.
GREENWOOD— Arrived March 25— Stmr Alca
zar, hence March 24.
NEAH BAY— Passed in March 25— Br ship
Dal^onar, from Hloko, for Port Angeles.
PORT TOWNSENI>— Passed out March 25— Br
stmr Garonne, from Seattle, for Honolulu.
ASTORIA— SaiIed March 25— Stmr Sunol, for
San Francisco.
SAN DlEGO— Balled March 25— Br ship City
of Madrt.s, for Puijet Sound. „
TACOMA— Arrived March 25— Stmrs Queen
and Mackinaw, hence March 22: schr Endeavor,
from Honolulu.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
BALTIMORE— SaiIed March 25— Stmr Mun
chen, for Bremen.
NEW YORK— Arrived March 24— Stmr Cym
ric, from Liverpool.
NEW YORK— Arrived March 25— Stmr Pre
toria, from Hamburg; stmr Umbrla, from
Liverpool.
Balled March 25— Stmr Snmpania, for Liver
pool: stmr Spaarndam, for Rotterdam; stmr
I'alatia, for Hamburg: stmr La Touraine, for
Havre; stmr Anchorla, for Glasgow.
BOSTON— Arrived March 25— Stmr Cephalo
nla. from Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed March 25— Stmr Bovia,
for New York; stmr Lucania, for New York.
HAVRE— Sailed March 25— Stmr La Cham
pagne, for New York.
AMSTERDAM— SaiIed March 25—Stmr Wer
kendam, for New York.
I ANTWERP-Salled March 25-Stmr South
wark, for New York.
BREMEN— SaiIed March 25— Stmr Weimar,
for Baltimore.
O'SHEA IS LUCKY.
Sentenced to Serve Twenty-One Years
for Murdering His Fiancee.
Daniel O'Shea. who pleaded e-uilty to
the murder of his Hancee, Julia Kealey,
was sentenced to a term of 21 years
in San Quentin by Judge Dunne yester
day. O'Shea considers that he is lucky,
and he undoubtedly ie. It was owing
solely to the fact that no motive could
be found for the commission of the crime
that he was allowed to plead guilty to
the minor offense instead of being placed
on trial for his life.
Martin Bulger, convicted of grand lar
ceny, was sent to Folsom for a term of
five" years.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAX FRASTCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 26, 1899.
"ROB ROY" MACDONALD IS
HANDY WITH THE GLOVES
Pride of the Bostonians Wears an Extra Coat of Grease Paint, and
Walter Watson Takes a Vacation.
WALTER WATSON has taken to
the chaparral and will not resume
instructions in the marriy art un
til after the Bostonians conclude
their engagement in this city and are
mibs on their way eastward.
This interruption of Mr. Watson's pro
fessional duties is all due to W. H. Mac-
Donald, who nightly entrances the Co
lumbia patrons with his heroic inperson
ation of the Scottish chieftain. In his
kilts and plaids Mac Donald can easily be
Imagined a perfect specimen of physical
manhood, an Ideal athlete. Y> t few of
his admirers really know him to be such,
for sti'^'o appearances are so deceptive.
Hut Walter Watson can tell you all
about Mac Donald's prowess, for he
knows.
Trouble breaks out between the Mac-
Donald and Watson clans every
time the Bostonians pay a visit to
this city. Ten years ago. during the
company's initial Western tour, the two
WHEAT DEAL
NETTED HIM
A FORTUNE
Denis Kearney's Lot
Changed.
HE KNEW WHEN TO SHORT
ASCRIBES FORTUNE TO HIS OLD
POLITICAL TRAINING.
Intended frying Wall Street, but
Will Stay in This City and
Will Operate in
Sugar.
The dawn of another life is breaking
over the earthy horizon of Denis Kearney.
The man who once held the political des
tiny of San Francisco in the palm of his
hand is now a wealthy operator on the
floor of the local stock exchange, with a
bank roll at his back amounting to some
thing like two hundred thousand dollars,
all of which he made during the last year.
Kearney has been so successful during
the last few months that he contemplated
moving his family across the continent to
New York, where he intended to carry on
his marvelously successful deals on Wall
street. In fact, Mr. Kearney had hid mind
made up to leave with his family for New
York and Wall street within a few days,
but something unexpected happened
which called for a radical change in his
plans.
Dame Fortune is indeed smiling her
brightest on Denis Kearney. He started
«Jiis career as a speculator in stocks with
a capital consisting chiefly of brains, ac
tivity and shrewdness, and in one short
year ho has amassed a fortune that will
keep him and his kith and kin on the soft
side of Easy street the rest of their lives.
The man against whose political career,
manipulations and memory many a brick
has been shied is now interested in a
sugar and wheat deal that promises to
add a princely sum to his vast accumu
lations.
'The story of Denis Kearney's career on
the stock exchange and his sudden rise to
wealth is one of dramatic recital. It was
in the recent Leiter wheat deal, which
wrought ruin and disaster to the plucky
young Chicagoan and innumerable
wealthy individuals and concerns who
were in on the deal, that Denis Kearney
made his first real start on the gilded
path to fortune.
When the influence of Joe Lelter's
manipulations in wheat became apparent
in the local market Kearney's shrewdness
asserted Itself. While wildly excited and
mystilied operators in the local wheat pit
were standing aghast at the results of
the Napoleonic manipulations of the
wheat pit, Denis Kearney was coolly fig
uring out the situation.
The price of May wheat steadily ad
vanced to a point over and beyond that
of any of the previous years. There were
few who disputed the power of Leiter to
force the price of wheat up to whatever
point would best suit his fancy. Denis
Kearney was the exception. He watched
the steady rise in the wheat market like
a cat ready to spring upon its victim.
When it reached its topmost price Denis
Kearney felt the impending crisis in his
bones. He risked all he possessed in the
world on his judgment. The daring ten
dencies and aqfite shrewdness of his po
litical days were handy allies in this mo
ment of uncertainty.
Kearney shorted.
If he had faltered or tarried a day long
er the chance of his lifetime would have
been wafted away in 1 the air.
The crash came and the deposed dicta
Hielanders came together for the first
time. Watson was then instructor for
the Olympic Club and had just started
Jim Corbett, his favorite pupil, on his
professional career. Mac Donald saw Cor
bett and admired his fistic abilities. He
wanted to meet the man who had edu
cated so finished a boxer, and the two
soon came to know each other well.
Now. Mac Donald is no lobster. He
stands six feet one inch in his Stewart
plaid stockings and weighs 212 pounds.
He is a Scotchman by birth and comes
from a family of giants. Mac Donald pere
measures six feet four and a half inches,
while the vocalist's brother is six I
three and a half inches tall. An uncle on
his paternal side measured six feet tive
inches and bad the phenomenal chest
measurement ©f fifty-two inches The
vocalist has "pniv in" for athletics ever
since he was a boy. He is an expert
horseman, can shunt remarkably well and
away down in Maine, where he spends
tor of our political affairs was suddenly
transformed into a man of means. Xi ar
my had sold an immense quantity of
wheat just before the unprecedented drop
in its price occurred. He cleared fully
$100,000 on the downfall of I>eiter's corner. !
Stimulated by his success. Kearney con- ;
tinued to make sharp deals in wheat. J
During the last few months, however, he
has become interested In sugar deals j
whicli have netted him thousands of dol
lars.
When a Call reporter called last night
at the home of Denis Kearney, at 656
Harrison street, to interview him in refer
ence to his intention of moving to New j
York to become a Wall-street operator,
he was first disinclined to discuss his j
affairs. He referred to his recent success !
in an extremely modest manner.
"Well. I did Intend to take a trip to New !
York." he said, "but I have changed my
mind, at least for the present. I will con- j
tinue my operations here for a while ;
longer. I never entertained any serious :
intentions of moving to New York to stay \
there permanently. I have spent the
greater portion of my life in California,
and here I intend to remain.
"Yes, it is true that I have brert quite
successful in my dealings on the Stock
Exchange, but I don't know that that
will interest anybody but my family and
intimate friends. 1 have no desire to es
timate my success. I have made consider
able money, but I cannot say just how
much. I have dealt In stocks more or less
for years back, but of course 1 have not
operated as extensively nor as success
fully as I have during the past year.
"When the Loiter deal was on. I saw a
good chance to clean up some money and
I took advantage of it. I had inside in
formation which 1 coupled v^th my own
judgment and the result was I came out
of the deal with a fortune. In the stock
market a man wants to watch the other
fellow carefully. If he is successful in do
ing that and display? pood cool judgment
the rest comes easy. How did I pet my
sfart? Well, like anybody else. I kept
DENIS KEARNEY, Once a Politician, Now a
Heavy Manipulator in Stocks.
his summer vacation, he pulls a boat all
day long on the lake with no other effect
than the Inauguration of widespread
famine.
And Mac Donald can box— now. Like
Corbett, he has outstripped his instructor
and is quite competent to put up his
hands with anybody as well as he is to
tear off a yard or two of vocal melody.
Matters reached a critical stage when the
Bostonians were here the last time.
Walter was shy, but the tujiester was in
sistent, so they had two or three animat
ed rounds.
When the company arrived here a week
ago. the first thing MncDonald did after
loading his pockets with silver (he is a
stanch Bryanite), was to dig up his old
friend Watson.
"Just one little round, Walter, old boy,
just to take the stiffness out of my joints,"
pleaded Mac Donald.
"Now, see here. Mac. You know
bloomin" well you have me at a disadvan
tage. You can bat away at me all you
please and it don't make any difference.
but if I should shove me fist against that
pen-pointed nose of yours it would be all
oiT with you for a week. Now sit down
and have a smoke, an' don't go to ban
term' me."
However, Mac was insistent and Wat
son finally consented. In a few seconds
the gloves were adjusted and at it they
went. It was short, but well worth the
price of admission. They shook hands at
the wind-up Just as warmly as they ever
<iid, but Watson deemed it prudent to an
nounce a vacation to his pupils to avoid
further endangering a sincere friendship,
and also to make external applications of
b( efsteafe and oysters.
That is also the reason that Mac Donald
is using large quantities of grease paJnt
on his proboscis this week to give it a
natural appearance.
myself thoroughly posted on the situation
arid when my opportunity came 1
grasped It.
"When Loiter controlled the wheat pit
I thought there was a chance to make
some money if a man played his cards
shrewdly. I watched the price of wheat
steadily rise and when I thought it had
reached its limit I shorted. Of course, I
took a great chance, but then at that
game a man has to take chances in or
der to reap its benefits.
"At present I am engaged in bnlling
sugar, and I expect to add a little more
to my wealth. I think there is consider
able money to be made in wheat this
year and 1 do not intend to overlook the
chance. I have no desire to say anything
further on my success. It is a matter
that concerns me only."
What Company I Is Dome.
Mrs. W. W. Funge received, with the
last mall, two very interesting- letters
from her boys in Company I, First Cali
fornia Volunteers. The stories of the bat
tles in which this company was engaged
are very interesting, though not alto
gether new, as they have already been
(lashed across by cable. Company I was,
at the time the letters were written, do
inp interior guard duty, although it was
kept biisy for five days and nights with
hardly a moment's rest on the trail of
ambushed Filipinos. The men are suffer
ing terribly from the heat, and in one en
gagement thirteen men dropped in ten
minutes from sunstroke. It has suffered
very little, however, fn>m Filipino bullets,
so little, in fact, that after one engage
ment where the bullets were falling like
hail, only one man was killed, and it has
since been christened the "bullet-proof
company." Its members are anxious to
come back home, but are not grumbling,
so long us there is lighting to be done.
The boys apparently enjoy the fighting
thoroughly, but the weather inflicts great
hardships upon them, and the food is not
always of the very best.
PITHS OF THE
BECKER GANG
NOW DIVIDED
James Creegan Sent
to Folsom.
DEAN GIVEN HIS FREEDOM
THE "DUTCHMAN" IS NOW IN
SAN QUENTIN.
McClosker Was Acquitted and Has
Departed — End of the Famous
Nevada Bank Forgery-
Case.
James Crpppan. the famous "middle
man" of the Becker gang, has been taken
to Folsom Trison. where he will serve a
term of two years. thf> sentence being Im
posed upon him yesterday by Judge
Dunne fer his complicity in the big- for
gery in which the Nevada Bank lost Just
$22,000.
Creegan appeared before Judge Dunne
at the opening of court yesterday morn
ing and pleaded guilty to the charge
as;ainst him. A few minutes later the
court pronounced sentence and Creegan
marched back to jail between his guards.
As the prison doors swung open to receive
him out from his cell walked A. H. Dean
into the free world. The iron door swung ,
to again, the bolt was slipped and Cree
gan prepared for his "trip across the
bay."
Not so with Dean. He turned and
looked at the prison that had so long)
held him, bid his friends good-by and,
penniless, started toward the heart of the
city to find a temporary- shelter until he
can arrange to depart for his home In
New York.
Such is the end of the prosecution of the
cleverest "brace" of bank "operators" in
the world to-day. Becker, the penman,
known as the "Dutchman," in whose
many forgeries but one flaw can be found
and "that is his handiwork is more per
fect, more artistic than even the pro- |
ducts from the steel engraver's hand, is [
now "doing" seven years in the peniten- i
tiary. Oeegan has been sentenced, as
stated. Dean has been freed and McClos
k. r. an alleged accomplice, has been
tried, acquitted and discharged from cus
tody. The ends of justice have been sub- ■
served, however, ami the banking world j
rests easy, for Becker, the prince of for
gers, has been takt-n from his lawless
task and now weaves the gunny beside
otht-rs of his ilk.
The matter of the court proceedings
yesterday was of short duration. Judgt;
Dunno had disposed of a few minor cases
and then called that of James Creegan,
forgery. Creegan rose from his seat be
side Captain Seymour and. addressing the
court, said that he pleaded guilty to the
charge against him. waived time and
asked that sentence be imposed.
At this juncture District Attorney Mur
phy walked to the bar and made a plea
for the prisoner. The District Attorney j
first gave a brief history of the crime for :
which the prisoner was about to suffer
sentence; how Dean had drawn a draft
for $12 in a Woodland bank upon the
Crocker- Woolworth Bank of this city,
how Becker had raised it to $22,000, passed j
it successfully through the Nevada Bank
with the assistance of Creegan and Dean,
and how the banking world had stamped
ed when the forgery was discovered in the
clearing house. He then told of the arrest
of the principals; how Dean had turned
State's evidence; about the trial of Becker
and Creegan, their conviction and sen
tence to life imprisonment.
Next he referred to the reversal of the
judgment against the prisoners by the Su
preme Court for lack of evidence corrobo
rating that given by Dean against his
"pals," and concluded by asking the court
to deal leniently with the prisoner, as he
had upon the opening of the last trial,
agreed to turn States evidence with Dean,
thereby furnishing the prosecution with
the necessary corroborative evidence and
assuring the conviction of Becker, the
man as District Attorney Murphy said,
who had "for years shaken the very
foundation of the banking world."
At the conclusion of District Attorney
Murphy's address the court asked if
such leniency would be agreeable to spe
cial counsel for the prosecution and the
Bankers' Association. Upon the state
ment that the request of the District At
torney for Jeniency for the prisoner was
made with the approval of the Bankers
Association and special counsel the court
then passed sentence and Creegan was
taken away to start upon his trip to the
convict's horror, Folsom Prison
Dean was overjoyed when notified that
his long term of confinement in the City
Prison was at an end, and felt like a
new man as he breathed the pure air
once again.
"It has come upon me so utterly unex
pected " he said as he stood outside the
prison, "that I can hardly realize that 1
am a free man* yet. Captain Seymour
told me a few days ago that I might
look forward to being discharged to-day,
but I have had so many disappointments
that f did not place much reliance in the
news. . ..
"I have been over three years in the
prison and I must say that I have noth
ing but feelings of kindness for the offi
cials for the manner in which I have
been treated, and I hope that I will be
kindly remembered by them.
"I have no definite plans for the future.
I like San Francisco and think that it is
the place for a man to live in with a
moderate income, but I want to get back
to New York just as soon as arrange
ments can be made for my transporta
tion I don't suppose that I will ever be
a good man, but I will never be so 'cuss
ed' bad as I have been."
Dean has made many friends during his
Incarceration in the prison and he was
warmly congratulated by many of them
who met him on Market street after his
release He was always courteous and
affable to visitors, and being a connois
seur on tea he was always ready to in
vite them to partake of his brew. He
helped in a good many ways also to make
the work of the prison officials lighter
and they say they will miss him.
He and Joseph McC'losker were brought
from Minnesota on March 12. 1896. by Cap
tain Seymour, and since then Dean has
been confined in the prison.
TELEGRAPHERS' SOCIETY.
An Election of Officers Followed by
an Interesting Programme of
Varied Numbers.
At the sixth annual meeting of the Tele
graphers' Aid Society of this city the fol
lowing officers were elected for the cur
rent term: President, Frank P. Medina:
vice president. D. R. Davies; treasurer,
T. H. Reynolds, and secretary, Miss M.
C. Sanquist.
Following the election the members of
the society and a large number of their
friends In Washington Hall were enter
tained with an interesting programme,
presented under the direction of a com
mittee consisting of J. M. Falrchild. M. C,
Hunt, E. B. Harrington. Miss M. Bur
roughs, Mrs. M. E. Fleming and Miss F.
B. Slattery. There was an address on
"Business and Commerce With Relation
to Social Science." by W. J. Kirkwood;
piano duet. Mjsses Grace Thornhill and
Louise Collins: a paper on "Expansion."
read by D. E. Bohannon, which was a
most excellent treatment of the subject,
and was very well received. Then fol
lowed selections on the gramophone, a
piano recital by Miss Clara Nolan, con
tralto solo by Miss Etta O'Brien, guitar
solo by H. Herrick, "Some War Experi
ences" by Sergeant Ernest Dozier. who
was in the United States Volunteer Signal
Corps and recently returned from Ma
nila; barytone solo by John Kavanaugh
"Anette." a recitation. Miss Anna M.
Egenhoff; "I guess I'll Have to Telegraph
My Baby," coon song, by "the janitor,"
and selections by the orchestra. Dancing
followed and the very pleasant reunion of
the telegraphers and their friends contin
ued until a late hour.
DIVINE HEALER.
BEDETED
AFTER MANY
LONG YEARS
Remarkable Meeting of
Husband and Wife in
Healer Truth's
Parlors.
/ . _
Both Were 111, and Met by
.Chance After a Separation
of Over Twenty Years.
NOW WELL AND HAPPY
One of the Many Incidents of the Remarkabis
Work Being Accomplished By Healer
Francis Truth at 440 Geary Street.
Absent Cures.
Life is full of startling surprises and
J every day events are occurring which
'awaken the thoughtless to reflection
and afford the romantic opportunities
for indulging in their pastime of study-
i ing the cause -and effect of mundane
happenings.
A few days ago the strange reunion
of a couple who had been separated for
twenty years occurred in the parlors
of Francis Truth, the remarkable heal-
er, at 440 Geary street. Suffering from
ills of long standing and attracted to
Healer Truth by the newspaper ac-
counts of his marvelous victories over
disease, this couple chanced to cross his
1 threshold almost at the same moment.
The husband, afflicted with sciatica,
| sustained himself by crutches; the
! wife, suffering from organic troubles
i and an affection of the knee joints, was
• obliged to use a cane. Both made prog-
ress with difficulty.
Seated side by side and awaiting their
turn to see Healer Truth, the strangely
reunited couple began a conversation,
which resulted in the discovery of their
relationship.' The extravagant joy dis-
played by them as they fell into each
other's arms affected the onlookers
with surprise, and, when they learned
all, with tears of sympathy and joy.
The couple declined to give their
names, and they are known to none but
Healer Truth, who is pledged to se-
crecy. "It was a happy reunion," he
! said to a reporter yesterday; "but for a
time at least I must remain silent con-
cerning it. Both are patients of mine,
and both will in a few days be cured
and able to return to their home in the
I East."
From other sources it was learned
that the couple lived in New Hamp-
shire twenty years ago, when the hus-
band came West to make his fortune.
Ashanled to acknowledge his disap-
pointments, the husband did not write
to his wife for nearly two years. Then
she heard a report of his death. By a
coincidence the husband was informed
that his wife also had died suddenly.
The husband then came to California
and spent many years on the Comstock
lode. Subsequently the supposed widow
came to this city, and for several years
conducted dressmaking ■ parlors on
Geary street. Illness crept upon both,
and by a combination of circumstances
they were simultaneously led to Healer
Truth's parlors, where their reunion
occurred as narrated.
This is not the only strange event
that is connected with the career of
Healer Truth in this city. His achieve-
ments have been and are now the won-
der of the medical men everywhere. His
cures, effected in the mildest manner,
are in many respects marvelous. Pa-
tients who were for years hopeless crip-
ples have thrown away their crutches
after their first treatment at his hands.
Persons who were totally blind have
rejoiced In a complete restoration of
their sight. Opium fiends, men with
lost vitality, women who for years suf-
fered from debilitating weakness have
cause to rejoice at the fate that brought
them in contact with Healer Truth.
Many persons who have been cured
recently, and not a few who have been
mentioned in the press, have objected
to the use of their names, for the rea-
son that they have been annoyed by
numberless visitors who called upon
them for a verification of Healer
Truth's cures. For this cause many
have requested that their names be
withheld from publication. Among-
these last week was one woman cured
of female weakness of eighteen years'
standing, another of goitre, several
cases of nasal catarrh, one of . catarrh
of the stomach, several of lost vitality
and one of a terrible skin disease given
up by other physicians. Mrs. M. J. De-
boise of 2127 Mission street, who was a
victim of hip disease, was. after a few-
treatments, radically cured, and she has
discarded her crutches. Miss Dora
Gardmeyer, formerly of 216 O'Farrell
street, but now residing in Livermore,
Cal., could not hear herself talk for
years, and was losing her power of
speech when she met Healer Truth. In
less than six treatments she was.. to her
great joy, permanently cured.
The absent cures of Healer Truth
continue to increase in number. With
every mail come the assurances of his
victories over disease of long standing
which had become chronic. Hundreds
of letters are received daily from all
parts of the country asking for terms,
methods of treatment, etc. These com-
munications are treated with the strict-
est confidence, and not a single com-
plaint has thus far been heard. Mean-
while Healer Truth's offices are the
Mecca of unfortunates of every walk of
life, and the results to all have been
highly gratifying. Not a single failure
thus far has been scored •by Healer
Truth — a record unequaled by any
medical practitioner in the State. Hun-
dreds of unfortunate poor have been
treated free of charge with astonishing
; results. ' -.
THE HOME REMEDY Nothing right
for FEMALE COMPLAINTS if they to
wr«ng. For all these pains, irregularities and difficulties no
remedy on earth CL _nn n\ n Easily applied by lady her-
•qua'* 'is famou^anO'KJO self. Kelleres oil pain
Sin Womb or Ovaries In 10 minutes.
fIPSSs^R Promptly relieves Headache, N.rasea, Blood and
Bladder Trauhlrs, Faintness, Nervousness, Fey
Spw^S and Despondency. Cure* Leucorrhcea, Wor ■>
Complaints, Displacements, Backache, E;cnns
Down Tains and all Female Disorders. df&*
Kanlshe* Soreness and UlceratioD«./_— f 4^
tf^jfcfr tl .ifr"^ r the spirits and Vitalizes W>j. I J
the whole frame. Knfe, Sure and yJrTiy
: Absolutely II arm loon. One 50 tint box will
cfP|DQ*AIT p» l i|j n S BT aix DRUGGISTS.
01 UTO ALL rAI 'or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt
111 10 IiIUIITCC Iof price by CcCaxton Bids. CUeiKO
IN IU mIUUItO The Perfeeto CcCsiton Bide. CfcleißO
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. 8. F. and Oakland.
, WfiGllj Call, $1.00 w Year
■■. ■ ■ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
MAY DECLARE
LAKE MERRITT
CONTRACT VOID
Dredging Work. May
Be Stopped Soon.
CONTRACTOR WANTS HIS PAY
CITY CHARTER DOES NOT AL
LOW PARTIAL PAYMENTS.
c-udge Greene Intimates That There
Have Been Many Grave Irreg
ularities to Impair the
Contract.
Oakland OffW San Francisco Call,
adway, March 25.
: ; The contract for the dredging of Lake
.Merriu. awarded by the city to O. P.
Johnson, last November, may be declared
.fevalid and the work stopped. Such at
•Vr.ast was the serious intimation given by
■judge Greene late this afternoon in the
.-ircandamus suit instituted by Contractor
'Johnson to compel City Treasurer Gilpin
to pay the first partial payment for ihe
. hedging.
.". The demurrer of City Treasurer Gilpin,
Setting forth that the proceedings before
•jttie City Council and Board of Public
VTorks in awarding the contract were not
.regular, was up before Judge Greene for
•farther argument to-day, it having been
irgued last Wednesday by Attorney J.
.■C. Bates, in intervention tor F. W. Ru
pert, who originally sought an injunction.
: both City Attorney Dow and Attorney
■Oritge DeGolia on behalf of Contractor
"•.jjohnson are seeking to have the demur
rer, overruled. Thus, while it appears
Yon the face to be a three-cornered legal
iattle the merits and demerits of the
-contract and all proceedings that led up
'■/to !t were discussed. -
y - Attorney Bates contended that under
[•'section S3 of the city charter no partial
nvavments are permitted in the case at
•.liar- ar.d further, that no plans were ever
adopted on which bids for the work were-
Invited: also that changes in the contract
were made after the award; and that the
•b f d of Johnson never was accepted; nor
the contract awarded within twenty days
after the opening of the bids, as also re
quired by the charter.
Judge Greene, though announcing that
he would hear further arguments one
week from next Monday, said in summing
up the contentions advanced thus far:
"\s to partial payments in this case.
if you make them you must disregard the
latter part of section S3 of the city char
ter which provides that if such payments
are made the contract is void and the con
tractor receive nothing. Now, suppose,
•however, partial payments are made and
the contract never completed, what reme
dy has the city?
""On October 17. 1898. bids were opened
and on November 4 following the board
met again and passed resolutions reject
ing the Quinby bid and awarding the con
tract to Johnson, who had presented two
bid«. Now, under which was the contract
awarded? In reality Johnson's bid was
not accepted.". ,
Judge Greene was also inclined to re
gard the lapse of twenty days after
opening of bids before the award as
being serious; also the fact that no
plans had 'been previously adopted. The
• changes made in the specifications subse
quent to the award he regarded as seri
ously impairing the contract. - ■ ■
• Judge Greene in conclusion sain that tie
•would withhold- his decision unt« further
argument had been offered.
Attorney de Golia remarked that he de
sired an early' ruling. "If we have no
• right to go ahead we want to stop work
■'on. the lake." said the attorney. But
Judge Greene could not be hastened. "I
never decide a case in a hurry." said his
Honor, "and I never consider whose pock
et \s involved." Th" matter accordingly
went over until April 3.
AN EBELL AFTERNOON.
Brilliant Assemblage at the Club
Rooms in Oakland.
OAKLAND, March 23.— There wa? a
!age at the Ebell Society's
c!ub rooms this afternoon, -when a literary
end social was enjoyed. Mrs. Victor Met
calf presided. She was assisted by the
r.g ladies:
Mrs. W. G. Henshaw, Mrs. Prentiss
Mr?. George 11. Wheaton, Mrs.
■ . Brigham, Mrs. A. J. Ralston, Mrs.
<; W. Bunnell, Mrs. P. E. Bowles, Mrs.
11. H. Watson, Mrs. Robert Knight, Mrs.
F B. Clement, Mrs. August Schilling.
Mrs. J. L. Howard, Mrs. G. W. Percy,
Frank Brown. Mrs. 11. G. Thomas
asd Mrs. Charles Houghton.
The afternoon's prn^ramme was clever
]. John Metcalf. pianist, gave
and Miss Gre-tchen Bernett de
■i the guests with her powerful con
tralto voice and Professor Edwin Mark
hem read several of his poems that have
recently called forth marked attention In
y world.
Following the reception and exercises
the tea tables proved a rUliphtful feature.
These were presided over by Mrs. T. C.
Cnngan and Mrs. R. \V. Gorrill, assisted
tfabel Gage, Miss Annie Clay,
Man'l Gray. Bessie Gray, Miss Eve.rson
M!^s Huff, Miss Lukens, Miss Pope and
the Misses Cullen.
.. • ADVEBTISEMENTS.
fScTTDXY, Mar. 28. New prices Wednesday
9 No Liquors— Just r
0 Good Groceries a
F Ours are saving stores — r
f saving on the necessaries r
of life.
f -Real economy in good f
f quality and cash prices. \
.\ . For instance : i
/Fancy Oregon F10ur.. ..?5c
a Silver Spray brand— 3o-lb sack. A
Makes good bread. . iT
Regular price 85c A
Cream Cheese.... 12£ ci j
N. Y. Cream Cheese.... 1 2* c
. Genuine Martins — that name is A
!. • only on the best. that name is
■ only on the I
Never sold below 20c lb«
ibeviledHam - 3c
A .••. Three best Brands :
" . Rex— i,ibby'«
jUncolored Japan Tea... :
* ■ .■■ Fancy Spider Leg. '  |
0 .Our regular 50c grade. ■ . ■ . .
{•Straight Java& Mocha 30c
4 The best coffee we know of— and
(The good coffee. We'll buy
•n-e Itnow good coffee. We'll buy
A it back if it doesn't suit. '
r- saving stores:
A 9th & Washington, Oak. 7th & Wood, Oak.
W 1060 Washington, Oak. E. I2th&i3th Aye "
A Shattuck Aye. & Alston Way, Berkeley
MORE YOUNG
PEOPLE ARE
SECRETLY WED
Millionaire's Son is a
Benedict.
MANAGED AN ELOPEMENT
MISS LEMOINE CHAMPLIN THE
PRETTY BRIDE.
Frank Gowell Braved Parental Wrath
and a Fairfield Minister Did
the Rest — A Social
Fever.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 25.
Oakland's young people are still sur
prising their parents. Within the past two
weeks six young couples, thought to be
single, have announced that they are hus
band and wife.
To-day Miss Lemoine Champlin and
"HARRY" HUBER 1 , Who Was Butchered as a Spy.
Frank B. Gowel! added their chapter to
the .tale of elopements. Miss Champlin
is the daughter of one of the best known
merchants, and Frank Gowell is the son
of a capitalist who Is generally credited
■with being very nearly the level of a mil
lionaire. Two months have elapsed since
the marriage, but it has only just been
made known. It was very carefully
planned. Miss Champlin has a ma
sister Irving near Healdsburg and- she
wont on a visit to that town. Mr. Gowell.
who cavalierly says that he suggested the
elopement, met her there and one aftf-r
--•hey went to Fairfield, Solano Coun
ty, and a Methodist minister weddc-d
Shortly afterward Gowell telegraphed
his mother of the elopement and Mrs.
Gowell told Mr. Champlin, the bride's fa
ther, but has rot yet told young Gowell'.s
father. Upon the return of the young
couple everybody was sworn to secrecy.
The young lady went back to her father s
home, while young Gowell returned to his
parents.
Recently the news of the wedding came
to Oakland from Fairneld and the parties
were forced to admit the truth.
• -. I suppose you ran call it an elope
ment." paid Mrs. Gowell. who La a
in Oakland society. "Nun.' ot as knew
about it until it was all over. They are
just silly young people and we decided not
to make "the matter public. Mr. Gowell
! objected strongly to the match, but I do
\ not feel called upon to go into family
I affairs. As far as the girl was concerned
! there were, no obstacles in the way of
Frank marrying her if he so desired, but
I did not approve of the manner in which
they were married. They have been com
panions for three years."
Mr. Champlin takes the affair very phil
osophically and says that had they askea
permission first they could have obtained
it. Mrs. Gowell Sr. evidently does not be
lieve In early marriages, for these "silly
young people are" are both 24 years old.
OAKLAND'S WALL IS
AT LAST REMOVED
!NO MORE RESTRICTIONS IN
DEEDS.
I
I Ferry Landings Can Now Be Estab
) lished Anywhere Along the
Front.
I ______
I Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, March 25.
The Oakland Water Front Company
i has withdrawn all restrictions which it
imposed upon purchasers in regard to
i making railroad depots on the water
front.
A notification was recorded this mor:.
ing wherein tha Water Front Company
i notified the Pacific Mail Company that all
of the restrictions contained in the deed
of the Oakland Water Front Company to
the Pacific Improvement Company, and
dated August 15, ISB2, are revoked. The
! date of the notification is March 12, UN.
In the deed of conveyance by which the
Water Front Company acquired title to
the property it is agreed that the property
! shall never be used by the purchaser for
1 the purpose of a ferry landing or wharf
i for the transportation of passengers, cars
• or freight, or for shipping goods or land- ;
i ing the same, except such as may be re
! quired in the business of the purchaser.
It was this restriction enforced by the
Water Front Company to ke<»p out com
petltora that was known as "the wall j
around Oakland." AVhen the Pacific Mail
Company was about to transfer its prop- |
erty to a San Francisco corporation, the \
attorneys for the latter objected positive
ly to the restrictions, and they were re
moved. As the Water Front Company i.=
trying to sell its property in lots, it Is ;
safe to assume that the restrictions wjll j
not appear on any future deed that may !
be given to purchasers. 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 20, 1899.
MURDERED BY
THE INSURGENTS
NEAR MANILA
Young Huber Dies a
Hero's Death.
HIS BODY CUT TO PIECES
A RED CBOSS NURSE WHO
ACTED AS A SPY.
No Official Advice of His Death Has
Yet Been Given Out by the
War Department
Officials.
Oakland. Office San Francisco Call,
Ms Broadway, March 25.
Harry Huber, a member of the hospital
corps at Manila, has suffered a fearful
•death at the hand.-? of the insurgents, ac
cording to private advices received in this
city.
Fred Gatter of lower Broadway re-
rpived a letter to-day from his brother, in
which he says: "You remember the
young fellow who hung advertisements
in the cars at Eighth and Broadway. His
name was Harry Huber. He came out
with us, you know. Two weeks ago he
went to the insurgent lines as an Eng
lishman and \yas taken prisoner. A re
port came in that his body was found
cut to pier-op. 1 wish you would lot his
father know. This report is no doubt
true, and especially so because of this
fighting. I wish you would do this for
me, as the boy was a friend of mine and
a member of the hospital corps in the
National Guard at the same time I was."
Huber is the son of C. O. Huher, the
advertising agent who lives in this city.
The boy was 20 years old and lived in
Oakland all his life. When war broke
out he enlisted and was among the first
to go to Manila. He acted as a Red Cross
nurse and several times went within the
I insurgent camps under disguise. Some
! time ago ho sent his father two swords
which he had taken from a Filipino camp.
Huber gained considerable information
about the insurgents' movements, though
it is not known whether he was commis
sioned as an American spy.
"t hop»» this information is not true,"
paid Huber's father this afternoon, "but
my boy was of an adventurous disposi
i tion, and this report soems to fit- his case
! exactly. I havo not heard from him for
some weeks and think it strange that i.o
! report of his death has come through the
j war office, because every day we see com
i plete lists of killed and wounded. I know
nothing more th;tn is contained in the let
ter to Mr. Gatter."
In a recent letter to his mother Harry
Huber told of an exciting experience he
had on January 15, and which bears
out the story of the letter received to
day.
Huber says that on the date mentioned
he borrowed a golf cap and a civilian's
coat, and with a canirade in citizen's
clothes, passed himself off as an English
man. Together the two young- men drove
to Fort Malate, looked around, took pho
tographs, got some rock specimens from
the hole where Dewey's shells pierced a
wall and killed a score of Spaniards.
passed the American guards, passed the
insurgent lines and then returned.
On the way back they were stopped by
an insurgent captain and accused of be
ing Americans. The driver of the kalisc
swore that they were Englishmen and
! they were allowed to pass.
Young Huber also sent his parents an
i old Spanish daggf-r in a primitive hilt and
a cavalier's sword of the fifteenth cen
tury. It seems reasonable to suppose that
Huber, emboldened by the success of
i which he wrote, attempted the task once
JOINT WILL DISPOSES
OF VALUABLE ESTATE
OAKLAND, March 25.— The olographic will of Carl Bruntsch, who died
Jn Alameda last Sunday, was Hied for probate to-day by Clementina
Bruntsch. widow of deceased. The will, a Joint instrument, is most
unique, yet very simple, in that the little sheet on which it is written
also contains the will of the widow, both dated Alameda, January 3, 1898. It
reads:
"This is my last will and testament. I give everything I own or possess to
my dear -wife, Clementina Bruntseh, in order that her income may remain
unimpaired and she thus be enabled to better care for our children—Margar
etta Ernst, Herbert, Carl, Tosca and Harold. Witness my hand:
"CARL BRUNTSCH."
Beneath this appears the will of Mrs. Bruntsch, similar in every particu
lar, except the substitution of the proper names, she bequeathing everything
to her husband.
The estate is estimated valued about $20,000, consisting of cash, bonds and
real estate in Alameda and San -Francisco. The widow petitions that letters
of administration be granted to her.
too often and suffered the consequence :
of being suspected of being a spy.
UNIVERSITY OF
CALIFORNIA NEWS
Arrangement Made to Hold the Next
Intercollegiate Field Day on
the Berkeley Campus.
BERKELEY. March 35.— Track Mana
gers P. J. Franklin of California and
Richard Culver of Stanford have .con
cluded to hold the next intercollegiate
track meet here. They reached this de
cision to-day.
That Berkeley should be the scene of
the next contest between the track teams
of the two universities marks an innova
tion in intercollegiate athletics. It is
without doubt the first time in the annual
events between the blue and gold and the
cardinal that one team has had to meet
another on its home field. The point is
an important one, as some advantage 01
-ity lies with men who race in tneir
own training quarters. As far as possi
ble though, a system will be arranged
whereby this advantage may be made to
alternate between the two colleges. By
holding the event one year at Berkeley
and the year following at Stanford the
difficulty can be avoided. It is understood
that the two managers intend to make
this agreement.
The innovation became necessary when
the track officials found that no place
could be had in San Francisco suitable
for the occasion. The old Olympic track,
on which previous field days have been
held, is not available this year. Stantord
immediately made overtures to have the
me-H on the Stanford campus, but Berke
ley" seemed the more convenient, and a
conference between the two managers
settled that it should be here.
A recent decision of the executive com
mittee of the Athletic Association appro
priated a sum of $175 for fencing in the
track on the campus. This will be the
first step toward preparing the grounds
for the next field day, which is to be held
\pril ■** Arrangements will be made at
once for the erection of bleachers in or
der to provide seating capacity sufficient
for the immense crowds whi,ch always
attend.
BIG ASSESSMENT
LEVIED ON STOCK
THE REALTY SYNDICATE WILL
STRENGTHEN ITSELF.
The New Law Places It Under the
Supervision of the State Bank
Commission.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, March 23,
The Realty Syndicate has. created some
purprise by assessing its stock $30 a share,
which is really fully paid up to the ex
tent of Its issue. The syndicate held a
meeting to-day and decided on the assess
ment. Although capitalized for $5,000,000
only 1700 shares at $100 apiece have been
issued. The assessment will produce
$340,000.
The Realty Syndicate is in the nature
of a banking business. It controls the
street railroads of this city and has enor
mous holdings of land. For the past two
years it has been taking small invest
ments and guaranteeing payment of 6
per cent to the investors. A little circu
lar printed on the blocks of tickets sold
by the street railroad companies outlines
the benefits to be derived from this sys
tem Hundreds of small investors took
advantage of the opportunity to obtain
the high rate of interest offered.
The late Legislature passed a law which
has for its object the placing of invest
ment companies such as the Realty Syn
dicate under the supervision of the Bank
Commission. This will necessitate the
periodical supervision of the condition of
thp syndicate's funds by the Bank Com
missioners and the directors to-day stated
that they welcomed the change.
The directors declare that the $340,000
is to be used for paying off floating in
debtedness and to otherwise improve the
financial standing of the big corporation.
This assessment -will not affect the hold
ers of certificates of investment, which
have been issued to small investors to the
rXtfnt of nbont $1,000,000, but will have
the effect of improving the security. The
holders of investment certificates live all
over the world, as they have been sold In
the Hawaiian Islands and the East for
the purpose of bringing money here to In
vest in Oakland.
The syndicate is anxious to establish its
proposed ferry from Emeryville to Son
Francisco, but at to-day's meeting it was
stated that there is nothing new in the
proposition, although all the schemes of
the corporation are being gradually devel
oped. ________________
NO DANGER NOW
OF A BIG FLOOD
A CEMETERY OFFICIAL SAYS
DAMS ARE STRONG.
While the Storm Was at Its Height
He Was Not so Self-
Assured.
Oakland Office Fnn Francipco Call,
908 Broadway, March 25.
Superintendent A. D. Smith says that
the alarm In regard to the Mountain
View Cemetery reservoirs was simply a
cry of "Wolf." He now pays that the
alarm and anxiety wre unnecessary,
and that now there is no possibility of
danger.
."Some ill-advised individual who could
have known nothing whatever of the con
structions of our dams reported to the
Chief of Police that the dams were about
to hurst," he said to-day. "The Chief sent
warning to all the people to move out at
once, and in doing so fulfilled his duty.
We had arranged in capo of any possibil
ity of flood to give ample warning to
everybody living along the line of the
stTv.-im. Had the storm continued during
Thursday night, we should have been ex
tremely anxious, but a large gang of
skillful workmen was constantly on the
dams during the entire night, and every
thing was able to stand any possibU
strain. The dams were constructed to
meet JiiPt such an emergency, and have
withstood a most crucial test."
The superintendent gave his interview
while the sun waa shining and w'nTTe nine
siphons were running the surplus water
nut of the reservoir. On Thursday night,
when the greatest danger threatened, and
when the rain waa falling heavily. Super
intendent Smith did not talk so reassur
ingly. #
A Plumber's Narrow Escape.
OAKLAND, March 25.— "William John
son, a plumber residing at IS2B Grove
street, came within less than half an inch
of losing his life to-day. As it is, he may
lose the sight of his right eye. Johnson
was at work in a trench when a co-labor
er accidentally struck him in the eye with
the point of a pick, resulting in an abra-
Pion of the cornea and a lacerated con
junction (inner portion). Drs. Stratton
and Rowe, at the Receiving Hospital, at
tended the injured man and united the
conjunction with two stitches. The doc
tors have hopes that the eye may yet be
saved.
BORIS MUST
BUTTLE FOR
HIS FREEDOM
His Notorious Wife
Makes Answer.
CONTESTS HIS DIVORCE SUIT
DENIES THAT SHE HAS BEEN
CONVICTED OF A CRIME.
Contends That No Cause of Action
Lies Until the Supreme Court
Has Passed on Her
Case.
Mrs. Cordelia Botkin abhurs grass
widowhood, it seems. In any event she
will not permit the severance of the bonds
of matrimony that bind her to her hus
band, "Welcome A. Botkin. unless a legal
process in which she appears as plain
tilt causes such Severance. Her husband
has confronted a marry legal battle in
his efforts to rid himself of the burden of
a "family." for Mrs. Botkin would still
be his wife, and with that end in view
has prepared her defen, c <\
Yesterday afternoon she filed her an
swer in the office of the County Clerk to
 . , DR. PIERCES REMEDIES. _^ .
n _r _t^*W ■ /*' <^-~_2l£!__ _t_t_H_flr^^?L ~^— -^C- ' r~T xQj
| SPECIALTY CHRONIC DISEASES J
FOR THE BLOOD, LIVER, LUNGS.
Advanced Medical Science knows of no more
powerful alterative medicine than Dr. Pierces
Golden Medical Discovery. Alterative medicines,
so-called because they alter or change the condition
of the system, have ranked among the most valued
of medicines prescribed by physicians. It is by the
skillful and scientific combination of several such
alteratives that Dr. Pierce has produced an altera-
tive remedy, having the specific value of each in-
gredient and the combined and concentrated power
of all these alteratives in union, which are so
blended and so balanced, that they unite the great-
est delicacy of operation with the utmost healing
power. It is these facts which give this greatest
of alteratives a genuine claim to the title of a
"Discovery."
The action of ' ' Golden Medical Discovery is
primarily directed to the stomach and the nutritive
or digestive system. Here is a common starting
place of disease.
What "Weak Stomach" NUana.
There never was a strong man with a "weak
stomach." And a so-called weak stomach may
and often does mean weak heart, weak liver or weak
lungs. Why? Because in the stomach the nour-
ishment for each organ of the body is prepared, and
from the stomach it is distributed. Bread kneaded
in a sour trough will take on the taint of the trough.
Food mixed and prepared in a tainted stomach will
tal the taint and poison of that stomach all over
the system, to finally lodge at the weakest point of
some weak organ. Hence it is that in curing the
stomach and other organs of digestion and nutri-
tion, and in increasing the activity of the blood-
making glands, ' ' Golden Medical Discovery '■ ' at
once begins to send throughout the body an in-
creased supply of pure blood, because the blood is
made from the food taken into the stomach, and
with the ■ ' weak stomach made strong and foul
blood made pure, comes a change to other organs
which gather strength to throw off disease.
' ' Golden Medical Discovery works with Nature ;
it puts into Nature's hand the only weapon with
which she can fight disease.
SIXTEEN YEARS OF SUFFERING.
The power of the ' ' Discovery is best exempli-
fied in its cures of chronic cases, where after years
of suffering, and when doctors had utterly failed to
help, Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery has
made a perfect and permanent cure. Such a case is
that of Mrs. Suggs.
" For the past sixteen years I have had torpid liver and indi-
gestion and tried many doctors and patent medicines but I could
not get a care," writes Mrs. Simeon Suggs, of Clyde, Sabine
Parish, La. "Three montbs ago I thought I would try Dr. R. V.
Pierces Golden Medical Discovery and his ' Pleasant Peilets.' I
got six bottles of each and I received a good result in a week,
and to-day I am cured sound and well. The symptoms were
coated tonoTie, speck 3 before the eyes, disposed to be cross and
irritable, foul stomach, bad taste in mouth, tired feeling, a feel-
ing of fear or dread, headache, yellow skin, etc. These symp-
toms did not all appear at once."
There are thousands of people struggling along
day after day, handicapped by disease who could be
made healthy and happy by the use of ' ' Golden
Medical Discovery." It has cured ninety-eight
people in every hundred who have given it a fair
SS NOT A WHISKY MEDICINt
■ GOLDEN MEDICAL DISCOVERY " CONTAINS NEITHER ALCOHOL NOR NARCOTICS.
the complaint recently placed on record
by Mr. Botkin, and in this answer she
sets up what is said to be a valid defense
to the action for divorce directed against
her.
A few weeks ago Mr. Botkirf brought
suit against the condemned murderess
for a divorce on the ground that the de
fendant had been convicted of a felony.
He alleged that she had been tried and
convicted of the murder of Mrs. John P.
Dunning, and under such conviction had
been sentenced to State's Prison for the
term of her natural life.
As to these allegations Mrs. Botkin en
ters a general denial, and to support her
contention that she has a valid defense
she asks the court to grant her alimony
and counsel fees sufficient to enable her
to prosecute her interests to the end. In
addition to the general denial Mrs. Bot
kin makes a defense as follow.-:
On the 10th day of November, 1*37, in the
Superior Court of the city and county of
San Francisco, there was filed an alleged
indictment by the Grand Jury against
Ha Botkin, by which indictment the
Grand Jury accused the defendant of the
crime of murder, committed, as was and is
alleged in the indictment, in Dover, Dela
ware, and therein was alleged that Cordelia
Botkin had administer one Mary
Elizabeth Dunning, otherwise known as
Mr«. John P. Dunning.
The defendant was thereafter tried for
the alleged crime in the Superior Court of
this city, and upon the conclusion of th<*
trial the jury rendered a verdWt upon the
indictment mentioned, finding the defendant
guilty of murder in the first degree ami
fixed her punishment at imprisonment for
life.
Within the time allowed by law the de
fendant moved for a new trial and also
n v-<l an arfest of the judgment to be
entered on the verdict. The Court there
upon made and entered an order denying
h. .th motions. Subsequently the court pro
nounced sentence upon the verdict, and
thereupon sentenced the defendant to a term
of imprisonment in the State's* prison in
San Quentin tor the term of her natural
life.
Within the time allowed for law by such
purposes the defendant served and filed
net* notice- of appeal from the Judgment.
The court thereafter, and on application
by the defendant, made and entered • Its
order staying the execution of the judgment,
and the execution of the Judgment at the
time of tjfe -commencement of the action
instituted by Welcome A. Bptkin for di
vorce was and now is stayed. The appeal
so taken is now pending in the Supreme
Court.
The defendant in this action is advised
and believes ' that the Judgment rendered
and faithful trial. The trouble is that so many of
these people have become hopeless. They have
dribbled away the savings of years iv doctors' fees,
and without any improvement. They are fixed in
the belief that their cases are a little different from
anybody's else. And those are the very people that
' ' Discovery " cures. It's the people whose diseases
are just a little different, and who are given up by
doctors, the people whose diseases are chronic, and
who try "Golden Medical Discovery" as a last
resort, that form the bulk of that great army of the
cured which numbers o\*er half-a-million persons.
It is absolutely impossible to have a strong body
where there is a " weak stomach or good health
where there is bad blood. The use of the ' ' Dis-
covery " raa V be an experiment with you, but the
experience of others surely warrants the experiment.
"I can say honestly that Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Dis-
covery is the greatest medicine ever compounded for purifying-
the blood," writes Miss Annie Wells, of Fergusson's Wharf,
Isle of Wight Co., Va. "I suffered terribly with rheumatism,
and pimples on the skin and swelling in my knees and feet so
that I could not walk. I spent about twenty dollars paying doc-
tors' bills but received no benefit. About a year ago I decided
to try Dr. Pierce'-i Golden Medical Discovery and 'Favorite
Prescription, 1 and am entirely cured."
But the most remarkable feature of the cures
produced by the use of "Golden Medical Discov-
ery ' ' is where the lungs are ' ' weak. ' '
Proof Positive.
Here is found fullest demonstration pf the theory
that if you can supply Nature with the needed
nourishment she will build up the waste places of
the body into health and wholeness. And here
again it is proved that, the " Discovery " does sup-
ply in the most perfect form that nourishment which
Nature uses to effectually renew the broken down
organs of the body. Those who have suffered with
obstinate coughs, hemorrhages, bronchial affections,
emaciation, night sweats, weakness, and like condi-
tions which when neglected or improperly treated
end in consumption, have found in Dr. Pierces
Golden Medical Discovery perfect health.
"Last spring I was taken with severe pains in my chest, and
wti so weak I could hardly walk about the house." says Mrs.
G. E. Kerr, of Fort Dodge, Webster Co., lowa. " I tried several
physicians and they told me I had consumption. I heard of
Dr. Pierces Golden' Medical Discovery and I thought I would
try some of it Before I had taken the first bottle I was very
much better ; I took five bottles of it and have not yet had any
return of the trouble."
"^After using about five bottles of Dr. Pierces Golden Medical
Discovery my boy seems to be all right," writes Mr. J. W. Price,
of Ozark, Monroe Co., Ohio. "He was very bad when I com-
menced to give him the 'Golden Medical Discovery.' The doc-
tors claimed be had consumption and we doctored with them
until he was past walking. It has been ten mouths since he
stopped taking your medicine and he is still in good health.
We are very thankful to you for saving our son."
"Last spring I wrote you in regard to my health which at that
time was. very poor," writes Mrs. Mettie M. Barnes, of Garfield,
Pawnee Co., Kansas. "My trouble was bronchial affection.
Symptoms, spitting of blood almost every morning for five
years, shortness of breath, raw and sore throat, loss of strength,
at times almost loss of voice, irregular periods — in fact I thought
I was surely going into consumption. We lived in Ohio when I
consulted you. You advised me to give Dr. Pierces Golden
Medical Discovery a trial, which I did, and with happy results.
I got two bottles just before we started for Kansas. I did not
feel as if I ever would get there, but we arrived and I used the
two bottles of ' Golden Medical Discovery ' and health returned
as I used the medicine. I have only raised blood three times
since I began using it. My periods are regular, strength re-
turned, and lam almost a new person. I have all faith in Dr.
Pierces medicine. I know ofa lady that was cured of consump-
tion by this same 'Golden Medical Discovery,' and she always
sings its praise."
and entered against her in the Superior
Court is not now and never has been a floal
Judgment, and in consequence the defend
ant at the time of the commencement of
this action, was not and had not been
convicted of a felony. Defendant is further
advised and believes that the appeal from
the judgment suspended and set aside us
operation and effect, and, therefore, the
plaintiff n.-iiuire«l no right of action by
rea* n of the entry of the judgment ap-
pealed, from. "■. -■"■■ „ . : /.
? In consequence defendant alleges that the
plaintiff ouxht not to maintain this .action
because of all the matters set forth in this
complaint. In the notice of motion for
alimony and its accompanying affidavit
Mrs Botkin says "the plaintiff has not paid
her any money to defray the expenses or
defending the alt against her. nor has he
paid anything since the commencement of
the suit, nor for a long time prior thereto,
for her support and maintenance. *urtner
more, defendant is absolutely wH
means, money or property to pay the cost.
charges and expenses of this suit directed
against her. Until recently the plaintiff
was engazed in the- grain business in
. Stockton and in receipt of an income, while
large, the exact amount the defendant is
unable to state. Botkin sold his business
during the month of December, IS9S. and
realized, bo the defendant is informed ana
believe?, the sum of $5000. „ . .
Mr. Botkin is a capable man of business
and at the time of his marriage he was and
at present is a man of means and able to
make money through his industry and abil
ity. The plaintiff is able financially to pay
the defendant as alimony, pendente lite,
the sum of ?150 and the additional sum or
J2SO for counsel fees, and she is advised that
these sums are reasonable, considering th«
financial ability of . the plaintiff, and, the
work and services to be performed in tne
proper defense of this -action.
Such is the defense and collateral issue
brought up by Mrs. Botkin to defeat the
effort of her husband to secure a divorce.
It is the opinion of well-informed mem
bers of the bar that her defense is good
until such time as the Supreme Court
shall have passed on the validity of the
Judgment pronounced against her: out it
the Supreme Court should hold that the
judgment Is valid then her defense will
avail her nothing and Botkin will be
freed. • V
Vptoed by the Mayor.
Mayor Phelan returned vetoes to th«
Supervisors yesterday of two recent reso
lutions. One of these granted- Myrtile
Cert permission to erect a cigar stand on
California street, opposite Merchants' Ex
change, while the other reduced the
width of the sidewalk on Eighteenth
street As this passes Mission High
School his Honor thought all the present
sidewalk was required.
1516
ADVERTISEMENTS.
For the Complexion
TO parity and beastliV the eidn and prevoat
piniplDs, blotches, black-
t heads, redness, yosga-
-tto/fflJv DO»S,jr«NlOW,olly,Doothy
,4§Kf*s£s«}F*ss?\ ' chapping, tan, sun-
born, end n*«>- other
»^^*«!3= 5> T fo*«»o*9k!nWen>lsheß,
Mfc/JaStirSr**! DO other eZSu or ooia-
i-srCvPVsC*^ *• » plosion eoap Is for a
yp£*7 i**^ tj moment to be compared
£>— v >«2«M with CT/I'ICURA SOAP,
/ \ /^*"*4 because nootifcerreachei
/ . V \ the cause, viz., th*
/ V \ cldffffttlt irritated, or in.
- " ' flamed Poses.
For Hair and Scalp.
Skaotoo V.th CotTOCTt rlose with w.rm
irater. dry, *nfl apply » itgfat dyeseiag <>* Ct^l.
J^^~^ CUBA,. imroe* of «Q3ol.
i< «r*S&vv iiopts. aeatly tubbed
/aY *S.^>». * nii) *™ sa *^ > -
I' R\ ''Saxons. r!*pla, r«ljeisTSngi «cd
1 1 vli t£*SsSs>^ :u«itieß»l?^ trearaient
I si w-^&SsNi^iAS wiHsootliflJrrltfttftaaoji
1 re vsff^ \T7Ta it<pinsr »ar£acBe, fcticni- '
I \ 7? «&W'y late tjio litfs rolltaJea, i
\ \. ,<» $<£? + c.eartho scalp ami I
9)< ViT^'fjr of crart-e, ocal«9, acU
v -r>w. \T >&7 oandrud, supply the
'FS, « re^ *' oots Ti^,«D»rsy end
%* > >.(V /if noQjfeamd&t, tnu tn».t«
tho heir grow, thus
croflvcing Jujan-isct bair, with cirito, Mrhole-
fome efj»lV>,-vviiea Jsil cite Jiai.*.
Red Rough Hands.
Baazß- s&d so&k tbe- bficde, en retiring, to
wrong, hot JetUcr ox
f m^. Cunctriu Soa*. Dry
I \W^ ' and ftnoint freely with
X CtiyjcvßA olniß'.cafc
|A /-^tN. too great own cure and. i
«M*f*6lGfe\ wrreet of enolließta. '
T^jS^M^a/^. Wear ij-iruw the nlftht
% I Br^ \ oLlTJoi»sr*W gloves.
ft^^L \ Farr«<VrOTgh>ocappe(l !
VISKs V lianda, flry, flseured, ,
Rf ttl™. i fererleh palms,
irv^y \ Labapolesa ntil« wi»fa
**$*« ">^^J: patorul finger ends, till s i
w^ " treat ma id is simply i
i^pmijerfrflacd a biesslnaf to ail adfotied with
Jk*QmK
■
For the Chltdren.
fOS.-Jbavpila, scalp, sod Lair of infants &cd '
/p-y eliUikea, CcrtCciu Soa? ,
»s^^6<— »v ib Eot <>nlr tte purest, i
x^*" 3 A B'preetast, and moetreireeb- <
*<G*Jl \ V^. lug of cursery aoap*. but ;
f^\ )r\ Jt eontalne delicate amol.
/•^. ?ta^*^a^ lltsi proportiw, obtained ;
t T*-g#fi r v/ trees CT^riCC&A, the great i
r*// Tr^ ekW«wo, which prescrrt,
t\^f / 1 ft Jtaiftf, and beautify the
/ill sfe ;n t sou prevent aimple . (
j^j«n *-v^J ' ski* blennsliee, rashes,
v^-^wTCiia andebftflngs from becom- !
s -r^S nr jog gertous. Absolutely
pure and. tatty hoawnT liwa the moment of birth.
For Sanative Uses.
1W reir.3j*abSee<no3)i«Bt. cleansing, and pojl-
Jrliig properties, derived from CuTiCUfIA, the
great etin cure, varraiit the uae of CimcußJi
-, Boa?, ',r, tho form of laatheror
jT?~\ annoying irritatione, l«nlnn-
's^ i »r \ maaoTis, ajla ctafing?, tor too
s*\ " ? -':v free or offeneive perspiraiioti.
/ N^/ £§ > ai:d also in the forfa ofiwernal
/ XV j5 ? M'ssSesfibdeolutioasfor tdcjr-
(a. Uv atlve ■weaknesses, *od for
1 ""^/f n many Bitnatlve antiseptic pur-
l X 2/ pos«« which readily suggest
i^'^t^V'i them«eJvca to women, and \
©sreclajlr to inothcra. The ticc of Ccticcra ;
ointment Cowcwha Soa? will al«o suggest |
Usalf in 'Jaii bWrerur cases.
For Baby Humors.
A nor Ccticcba Soap and a KenO«
x. anoiudiigwitiiCCTrcnLAOiat-
f-Ciqr^tL went, th« great skla curt aad
J£txsstr purest of etacilicnta, afford to-
fSftnittj slant relief it tb« most dls-
/^*«fV tre6slnKXorm»ofJtehlng:,lnrrD-
rjPTt-ZsJp) lcg,Bcaly,anacrustodhemoT»,
AVv' i'^«h9«, cad irrttaOoas ot In-
rr "*? tints arxl childhood, penait
A/ ' £» rax and eJecp to both parent ,
7 / Xi and cliild, and poira » a
/ ,j £&' speedy Cera In tw «ever«st
wjhnCKt^i cases, even wbon Ihe best
3K3e^ t - 3^ pbrslcians, hospitals, and
All o»ae." remedies laii.
For the Feet.
Fen tired, acbing,irrVta*B4* itcWog feet, a HOT
/ bath with C^ticcsa
/ .^*&-7/' — 6oa* and a gentle an-
/^v-*--^sr i J] Oiuttng with CrnocßA
ASjfr~sgT. \/ . ointment -wlB be fcmnd
pnMf'raftV"'^ i tnoet (yrabefol and coth-
>°tj u?J /f ir-si-i I forGfig. Tills treatment
£*kS&MZie£& MJiJ:t>U*7* i^J>m* and"lrrl.
E^^^fjgnK.'l.fwr taiivo, Soothes l»Cam-
«t2j^l^ s&r%L s%> matlpn and painful
— - -y/J-A; swellings of vie jolntß,
<fegSr7f^-^^ sofUas c«Tdi3li«<f aldn.
x **!s**^ t3i. crjDis, bonlotia, <So.,and
xegrn^U£S-aod pnstflfcu-tho p«t»pir«Joa.
For Golf Rash.
ff&AT*Ta«b, itciiini:, ch&&ag, or say trrttatloa
V produced by athletic ex.
J^s-J-— -" ercis&s, and for eunbnm,
_jHS-^M » Wtftd. and Bflnmi of tageco,
■ 7#iL/' -}%, no oilier application is bo
cfß?^^\Ss cooiis?. Boothlmr, purify-
WawL. /iy*s ing, fend refresWng M a
!)x|yJ&^^»a bath i«ta cxmcrniA Soap,
fl«| Iv*^)* 1^ foljcwed by K en « 6 auolat-
eSWSbVifl Idm with <-"t r iif:r»*, purest
_R±sfvt*&. of ecnoi'.iftnt ekln cocoa.
"WiST*fV" This treatment TrtU alto
JftWfta^Sw be found most b«ne£Wial la
TwrtgagS^ ca£os of ttrM, lamed.
WE fiHKagr epralued, lnaaiaod, or
"[S-'^Sr Drtilfted «a«c)es, and v
rT' " - loch Is eadttrwd by th«
<jjj.^ft^^ loading aiulete* a&d g/ia>
<r~?+£ naalons*,
• . For Tender Faces
,Bzurrs Trtth CmctraA BOAVcro Boat. After
sbinne, ani before bac-.'.w the r»co, gently
rab into the saaven
/Cyft. parts a little Ctmcua*
kj^*^ vltLtmtoti allowing it to
<& ** h a r«naln for a f ovr rain-
VV«. / ut«*, ?.cd tftfca.W«h all
j^HsK V ' oft Tfltli Ho: '^■* T
aid cencraa. Mkim.
r3t\//v#J ■ / fcTXAi Toiuer 80 A?.
f\ L> SMWA t^£k/7 <*ent*Ku«u Trttb-teacieir,
U / y=^,l\^^V Rit-ar lrrftntod skisi
. \>7t / \\\ s\ 3 "will faidthi« freattoent
\i K^jJm&^V TkA&o shr.vlny apleas-
/T^fcSr^viC^'W ero,fri3il9xemoTliMrall
• •' kf-JS^SiSr roußtawsas, dry ness,
'" <jwl JrrtM.aoa, aad pro.
Tenting maay forcos ot biiiccr'shainor«.
Medicina! & Toilet.
CstKJßi Soap (Jtrl7ea«>3 delicate enr.ollicnt
yr-^- pwp*r»li<;9 frosa CuxiCu»A,
'Ir »t t52 ° (Ttc^ «a a Cure, which
A -ip^ arc (.kilraHy combined viX&
tho (real tkin tafe, wbi'.n
f *WN Fv dlectß and- nsoif tefroeMßf
triTe (jkiifaDy oomblned vtSh
dit-sts and D!o« reu^oeSuf
cf flow«r odore. Tb'.ia fire
/ ' "\. J-^ bjerr-kiiJtDOSQ aoapoUtbßtit
I "^*~S rsoeS tJcctrcliie £cf prewrv-
' I I \ ißaafiistfcUife 11 ! wuiusify-
iusl*»* ißsi, <fcftlp.h«ir. atd
>^ .A^XTito l haaS*. fve T¥ejl *S f or ftil the
p-crp»eei of tte batl^«j«l nxmetf,
■ CooS the Bk>od..
tw the •OTcrer'fomiß ot ItehltJO bnrnli^,' tp&
•calv eUxL ssaif), ay*, blood rn«M» rod imta-
' C&?^&3i jCcrncmtA fliJtoijVjNt
V'yjfewß i the pßnio«e or 000 -
J&£3ri/ -li« ana cioanslcs the
_ssr '• Ji t blood on every occasion
-<^^-<r /"^'v. possiWo, while " i^ie*
I* ¥*7\W'.'' ; WL CL'TICCttA BOA? ana
JLv .wW^Vj'V'^ Ci ? nccn2Aolntn»«»tex.
(ttW^arul ' ternally, tftu* intmti a
\ « rwF^£-^A flpoedy, pcrzrjanent, and
la i <SCK3oWlcal rare. Cctj.
' if* Af^W*S ' 7 V*T '^7»A BESOZ.TZST Is 00
titwo nnd wholesome tti&t children of all ages as
well as adtilt* may take it freely.
n»\,i tt.K>n»ic«« tfc* world. Price," CtricciJC
*Krs.ffnSSS»R>A'.'«.i ot.tTM.irT, Kf.i Bran.
J^Tmh A!lil»™it« "«*!b. '■"■'■ i!alr -» nd n*nd.,-fr3
C «JI meotionine tM*r«7 gr -
TIT»TTr»TJT7C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
KKI i lS iTI Jd£> *rs, bootblacks, bath-
AJI\%J Km-***** nouses, billiard table..
w tki.^.p, candy-makers, canners.
Kruab Monufscturer* 609 Sacrament* 3t
GAGE WILL SWING
THE LASH OF POWER
Democrats Likely to Lose the Pat=
ronage of Both Prisons.
The Governor Threatens to Remove a Director If
Aguirre Is Not Elected Warden — A Merry War
of Officials at San Quentin.
The lash with which tfie Democrats
hoped to whip Governor Oage out of
his path as a spoilsman will in all
probability be used upon their own
backs. It is probable that the Demo
crats will not only be whipped into
submission, but they will also find
themselves minus the little Stat»> pa
tronage they now enjoy. When they
used the State Board of Prison Direct
ors as a bludsreon with which to re
taliate upon Gage and Burns for their
interference in water-front affairs they
seized upon a dangerous weapon. From
whatever point of view one may look
at least one of the Democratic mem
bers of the Board of Prison Directors
holds his office without authority of
law and may be removed at the pleas
ure of the Governor. With a scratch of
the pen Gage may turn the Democratic
majority in the board into a minority,
and may not only retain the patronage
of San Quentin Prison, but seize that
of Folsom as well. This unexpected
development of the pint of the Demo
crats bus created rvirked excitement in
political circles.
The Board of Prison Directors mot
yestorday to discuss the affair, particu
larly as Governor Gape has plainly in
timated that one of tho Directors must i
gr> it" tho Board of Directors does not
appoint M. J. Aguirre to succeed Hale |
as Warden of San Quentin. The lash
is in Gage's hanrl now, and he has no
particular hesitancy in using it. He is
determined to place his I>s Angles
favorite in a good position, and. as far
as the politicians ran see. he will suc
ceed. Gage's first and most powerful
weapon Is a lesral one. To reinforce
this he hns the sraxirlal and the quar
rels of the present administration at
San Quentin.
The law requires that the Governor
shall appoint Prison Directors as va
cancies occur. Mark D. Ivory was ap
pointed in 1592 by Governor Markham
to succeed Charles Sonntasr on the
board about eighteen months before
there was an actual vacancy. When
Governor Budd took his seat he re
ferred the matter to Attorney General
Fitzgerald for his decision. The Attor
ney < Joneral furnished a written opinion
that the Governor could appoint a Di
rector only at the end of his predeces
sor's term, when an actual vacancy ex
isted. On the strength of this opinion
Governor Budd disregarded Ivory's
appointment and appointed R. M.
Fitzperald of Oakland to tho position.
It was only a short time, however,
until the Governor reversed himsolf
and appointed Don Ray oZ Gait in 1597
to succeed E. J. De Pue nearly a year
beforo the latter's term expired.
This action was directly contrary to
the opinion of Attorney General Fitz
gerald and the belief the Governor
himself had formerly entertained. Now
it is contended that one of the ap
pointments must be wrong. If the At
torney General's opinion will stand the
test of law, Ray has no legal ri^ht to
hold the position; if it is not. then
Ivory is entitled to the seat of Fitz
gerald.
It is known that Gage has had this
card up his sleeve for some time, but
he did not intend to play it until he
was ready. The intention of the Demo
crats to retaliate upon him, however,
has alarmed him and his corps of con
fidential advisers to the extent that
they intend to anticipate any proposed
scheme of revenge. Accordingly it is
given out on good authority, the time
for electing a new Warden being on
April 8, that prior to that time the
question will be pushed to an issue. If
possible one of the Directors will be
ousted before the date in question and
a Republican placed in his position.
That Governor Gage is alarmed over
the turn in affairs there can be no
doubt, for tho prison patronage has
been an object of great concern to him.
Not only does he wish to control the
patronage, but he desires to see Warden
Hale relegated to private life. Hale
and Gape are not on good terms and
have not been since the Warden paid
a visit to Sacramento during the early
part of the legislative session. Hale
went up with colors flying and came
back in an angry mood, which lasted
for over a week.
It seems that a year or two ago the
Board of Prison Directors adopted an
order that none of the guards at San
Quentin should be permitted to visit
any of the saloons of the village. Two
saloons have been conducted for a long
time within a hundred yards of the
prison gates in direct deiiance of the
law, which provides that none shal] be
allowed within two miles of a State
institution. One of these saloons, be
longing to J. F. Robinson, a former
guard, received the bulk of the patron
age, and a large number of guards have
been accustomed to congregate in the
rear room of the "grocery" and drink,
play games and have an all-round
"good time" to their hearts' content.
About once a year the Warden would
make a spasmodic attempt to restrain
the guards from patronizing the saloons
in question, but in a short while word
would be passed around among the
prison attaches that "tbe goose hung
high" and it was all right to go to
Robinson's.
When the Warden went to Sacra
mento some one had evidently given
Gage a "tip." The Warden was told
that these saloons were a disgrace to
San Quentin Prison and that he was
not doing his duty in letting them sell
liquor to the guards. He was informed
that he could soon end the affair by
forbidding the guards to .enter a saloon.
There were some other things said evi
dently not to Hale's liking, for he re
turned at white heat and at once in
formed the guards that any marl caught
trading at these "groceries" would be
discharged. Robinson made a great
ado and declared that his business was
THE SAN FBA^CISCO CALL, STINPAT, MARCH 26, 1899.
heincr ruined to further the Warden's
political ambition. He had several in-
terviews with the head of the prison,
but the latter remained inflexible.
Two weeks later the Warden rame to
Pan Francisco with the intention of re
pairing his political fences. He Earned
something thnt put him on the anxious
seat, for he found it necessary to make
several more visits. What he did or
F.-iirt nohody seems to know, but it was
only a short while before the guards
began to drift hack to the saloons
again. Now a casual visitor can droD
into the rear room of Robinson's at any
time and see the guards enjoying them
selves at the same old stand and in
the same old way.
That Gage has heard of this seems
certain In view of the fact that he re
cently approached a Director in this
city ami asked when- the next election
for a Warden was to be held. He was
told thai April R was the day, and in
return asserted that he intended to take
a hand In ih.^ same himself and wanted
to consult with the board prior to that
day. Tho saloon proposition affords a
legitimate excuse for the politicians
antagonistic to Halo, for a good many
guards have been discharged on ac
count of drunkenness and for going to
sleep on duty after imbibing too freely.
Again, prisoners have been released and
known to have spent all their money
in one or other of the plact s. with the
result that they reached this city pen
niless and soon found themselves be
hind the bars for vagrancy.
Gage is known to have promised
Martin Apuirro, a former Sheriff of Los
Angeles, the first vacancy in the war
denship, and the latter does not wish
to wait a year to become Warden of
Folsom.
Not only has tho aged hoad of San
Quontin prison had to worry over tho
antipathy shown him by Gage, but he
has other troubles of a nature border
ing on the domestic. Captain J. C. Ed
gar, who has charge of tho prison yard.
is at outs with tho Wardon and has
boon for two years. The troublo bo
twoon the two has rosultod in constant
clashing. Edgar has frequontly con
ducted himsolf toward Hale in such a
manner that he would have boon speed
ily consigned to another walk in life
wore it not for foar on the part of
TTalo th;!t ho would find the action a
boomerang.
Tho la tost instance of the contempt
Bhown by Captain Edgar for his su
porior Is tho mannor In which Hale
was "thrown down" beforo th^ convicts
who wore charged with conspiring tn
break out of tho ponitentiary and wore
cast Into tho dungoon. Hale now has
all tho credit — dubious as It ts — for be
ing duped by "Sir" Harry Westwood
Cooper, the cunning schemer who
planned to got himself a pardon by
playing the part of stool pigeon, hut
if common prison talk iB to "be taken
for anything Hale was not only fooled
by Coop.r but by Edgar as well.
This story, which has been traced
bark and found true in fact and in
d.tail, is to th» effect that for all Hale
knew of the intended outbreak until
tho night the convicts were thrown into
tho dunereon, they might have mur
dorrd every guard in the prison, liber
ated all the prisoners and flooded the
State with a thousand criminals of the
most vicious character to be found in-
Pido the walls of a penitentiary.
Ton days before the intended out
broak—accepting Cooper's tale as true —
Edgar received a confession from Cood
er. He said not a word to Warden
Hal", but held a conference w r ith Coop-
er every day. His idea in this was
plainly to take all the credit of cir
rumventing the conspiracy himsolf. and
he procee&ed with this end in view.
On thr- nieht the conspirators were
thought to be in a fair way to make
the intended break Edgar found that
the Warden must be notified, and go-
ing to him he acquainted him with the
state of affairs. Hale was naturally
furious that a subordinate had shown
such contempt for his authority, but
was in some measure mollified by the
statement of Edgar that he had with
held the facts from the Warden on ac
count of the ill-health of the latter and
did not want to see him worried until
the plan was nipped in the bud. Hale
immediately ordered the men placed in
solitary confinement.
When the next meeting of the Board
of Prison Directors w r as held Hale did
all he could to prevent Guard Shields
from getting a chance to exonerate
himself from the charge, by innuendo,
that he had aided in the plan of escape.
He tacitly admitted that he had been
bunkoed by Cooper by saying at that
meeting that he was going to put
Cooper in the dungeon with the others,
and thus gave Gage other reasons for
antagonizing him for re-election. But
the most significant fact was the ab
sence from the meeting of Captain Ed
gar, which prevented the conspiracy
from being investigated. Fortunately
for all concerned, Edgar was taken ill
a few days before the meeting, and
nothing could be done until April 8.
the day of the appointment of a new
Warden. Edgar is a personal friend
of Lieutenant Governor Jacob Neff.
who has stood behind him at all times.
It was for fear of the influence Neff
might exercise over Gage that
Hale did not make quick work of Ed
gar as soon as he found that he had
been fooled by the so-called conspiracy.
Between Gage's candidate for War
den, the impending struggle over the
ejection of a Democratic Director, the
mutual antipathy of Hale and Edgar
and the desire of the Democrats for
the patronage of the penitentiaries in
retaliation for Gage's attitude over
water front patronage, there's going to
be some merry politics between now
and April 8.
Ladies' tailor-made suits, far capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothschild, 211 Sutter, room* i-7.
DE YOUNG WILL
REPRESENT THIS
STATE AT PARIS
Gage Will Make Him
a Commissioner.
KOWALSKY'S HOPES VANISH
BURNS AND McLATTGHXIN ARE
INDIGNANT.
They Show Their Wrath at the Action
of the Governor — A Chapter
From Local Political
History.
Governor Henry T. Gaere has decided
to appoint M. H. de Young the official
representative and Commissioner from
California to the Paris Exposition.
This announcement will be a surprise
to many and a disappointment to some,
as the honor was eagerly souerht. It
has boen the ambition of Mr. dr> Young
to attend the Paris Exposition in an of
ficial capacity. He is well informed in
the duties of a commissioner and
sought first to represent the United
States Government at tho great expo
sition. The appointment of George \V.
Peck of Chicago to that important post
by President McKinley shattered, how
ever, the hopes of Mr. de Young in that
direction. He will therefore accept the
more modest but still distinguished po
sition of representative for California.
It Is perhaps a matter of loo a ! inter
est that 'the chief rival of Mr. de Young
for the place he will receive was Col
onel Henry I. Kowalsky, who, in hope
ful expectancy, hovered as gracefully
as his avoirdupois would permit around
the gubernatorial presence. The Gov
ernor was not impressed, however, with
the Kowalsky hover ings and the col
onel returned with neither hopo nor
promise from Sacramento. The prize
was for I>e Young.
The affair was all settled on Friday
afternoon. Governor Gage anrl De
Young met in conference and remained
in earnest discussion for something'
over an hour and a half. The news of
the unexpected mooting was not slow
in traveling. It was not long in reach
ing the ears of Colonel Dan Burns and
his faithful attendant. Major Frank Mc-
LaughHn. The colonel was horrified.
and in duty bound the major was
shocked. The colonel swore and the
major took his cue. The colonel gave
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Only San Francisco Agents for
Maggiqni r Kid Gloves
, The best fitting and longest wearing
1 kid gloves in the world. They stand
first even in the acknowledgement of
those who stand second.
Aprils 1899
Basferi Sunday
The day set by Dame Fashion as the be-
ginning of the spring season — the day for
which ladies seek novelties in neckwear, rib-
. bons, laces, veilings, waists, skirts, belts,
gloves, hosiery and muslin and knit underwear.
Qur^ assortment of novelties this year is
larger and more desirable than ever before in
our history, while the prices are even lower
than when varieties were not so great and
styles less beautiful.
125 to 131 Kearny St.
i E B^h h ww' if w i iffi *ny^s > a/^"4,
Ira i«3* W » Is W^^M mi i
\S7ORE/f\ Pr^H
fffc illl ife :^^
uMAkMMMttMMMMtti [ i h\ii 1 1 ■■■mm ■ ■■mi 11 ■in mill Tri jJJXLLLt $^rA
NOW OPEN ! ,0)/J
at 114-116 • sp\//\
Kearny Street. "'/ \V I
m ' An Entirely New and , \
Beautiful Stock of finest -JA
quality Suits, Skirts, Silk j4soy&&?
Waists, Jackets, etc., at • Y^^^
lowest prices. ij&>
ARMAND CAILLEAU. r^o^-
„,,.,, 11 .,. 11 .i« ■■» mnm win t t CCjtf
111111111111111111111111 l
expression to several words not found
in a dictionary, and the major looked
around for a cuspidor.
The Governor had thrown them
down. He had gone deliberately into
the camp of the enemy to award his
gubernatorial favors. The colonel feels
as though. he possesses a proprietary
Interest in the Governor, at whose ac
tion he felt hurt. In deference to the
colonel the major expressed a sense of
injury, although he said, with charac
teristic emphasis, that he will follow
Mr. de Young wherever he goes, even
to Paris. The appointment of Mr. de
Young may be therefore the means of
satisfying the major's ambition, at
least one of them.
The anger of Dan Burns and the
sympathetic horror of McLaughlin at
the action of Governor Gage in decid
ing to honor De Young are connected
with some recent and very interesting
politic.il history. It will be remembered
that De Young was a candidate for
the United States Senatorship. It was
understood that in his candidacy he
had the support of the Southern Pa
cific Company and through that cor
poration the support of Dan Burns.
No secret was mado of the fact that the
Mexican was heartily in support of De
Young for Senator. That allegiance
was honestly given by the colonel as
long as the railroad people commanded
him to pivo it.
When the proper time came the rail
road people withdrew their support of
De Young and Burns naturally desert
ed him. Without a word of consulta
tion with De Young Burns set himself
up as a candidate for United States
Senator and De Young opened his box
of hammers. What followed is politi
cal history. Burns chafed under the
attack of De Young and vowed all sorts
of vengeance. That is a habit of the
colonel's, and in view of recent events
at the capital is perhaps pardonable.
Tli-' colonel sworo that as long as he
possessed a vestige of political influ
ence De Xoung would be punished.
And now at the very close of the sen
sational Senatorial campaign at Sac
ramento De Young receives a marked
honor from governor Gage. It is the
fixed conviction of the colonel, and
naturally of the major, that Governor
Gage has played fast and loose with
th.-ir affections and has delivered them
over to be the sport and the playthings
of their enemies.
Mrs. Clara Foltz.
Clara Foltz has resumed the practice of
law in San Francisco. Offices in the
Crocker building. *
Horseshoers' Reunion.
The Master Horse shoors' Association held
its first annual reunion In the banquet
hall. Native Sons' building, last night.
After speeches by prominent members of
the orpaniz.itio'n refreshments were
served and the balance of the evening
was given up to merriment.
A new lot of fine copper mandolin
D & G strings Just received; 25 cents
at Mauvais', 769 Market street. •
Journeymen Butchers.
Thf Jnurneyme 11 Butchers' Association
of this city has made arrangements for
a. grand f-xciirsion and pirnto to Agricul
tural Park in Kan Jose on April 23.
ADVSBTISEMENTS. __,_,.„_
SPECIALS
•••F* Oiv.»»
THIS WEEK.
ALL NEW GOODS.
44-inch FRENCH MIXED SUITINGS, in 10 &4 f\(\
different shadings q>I.UU Yard
42-inch BLACK ENGLISH MOHAIR CRE- d»O Afl
PONS, in 15 very handsome designs «P^« xar a
FANCY TAFFETA SILKS, in Blue and White,
Black and White Checks and Fancy and -HVin v .
Plain Stripes * &1, Yard
- • ' > • >-;-. .-..-.•
32-inch FINE PRINTED DIMITIES, latest color- A C)\ n
ings, New Blues, Lavender, Pinks and Green.. I^2t» *ara
LADIES' SILK MOREEN SKIRTS, in Purples, <J»C nn n £
Old Rose, Cardinal, Green and New Blues <PO»VJ\J tacn
Double-Faced BLACK SATIN RIBBON (extra qual- OOpC p v
ity), 3 inches in width, very high lustre CkOKj *ara
LADIES' HEMSTITCHED AND INITIALED LINEN
HANDKERCHIEFS, fine sheer linen (all OK/* _ -_
letters) «^OC Each
Extra Quality CHILDREN'S AND MISSES' BLACK
HOSE, warranted Fast Black, all sizes from OK/* ~
5 to 9y 2 ...:. <^£)C Pair
■
LADIES' 2 and 3 CLASP KID GLOVES, in <J>i f\f\
White, Black and all the leading shades. «PI«V/U Pair
111, 113. 115, 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.
GADSKI WILL
QUIT THE ELLIS
COMBINATION
Prima Donna and Im
presario Clash.
SHE WILL SOON BE WITH GRAU
FAVORS HEAVY ROLES IN WAG
NERIAN OPERA.
Reception Tendered the Singer by
William Wolff Atteaded by
a Large Number of
Germans.
When oporatic quepns and impresarios
meet, one with a Krifvanre and the other
with a. determination to conquer, some
thins generally happens. Charles T. Ellis,
proprietor of the opera company which
bears his name, and Mrac. Gadski, the
German prlma donna, have clashed under
those conditions, and now Gad&ki is hap
py and Ellis is sad. Next season the Ger
man diva will not be found with Ellis,
although he had a contract with her that
called for the operatic* season of 189S-99.
The differences that arose between tho
parties resolved itself into a matter of
type. Melba, great and only, was starred.
She was the one bright luminary of tho
Ellis operatic constellation, according to
the Gadski version of affairs. Whenever
her name appeared in print it was In type
at least a half-inch deeper and two
shades blacker than that of Gadski, and
therefore the prima donna grieved and
was sad. But all this could be borne and
endured, though it was tantalizing in the
extreme. The final stroke came with tho
first performance of "Aida" in this city.
That was Gadski's role and she shone for
her brief three hours on the stage, mak
ing what many considered the success of
the season in this city. After this Gad
ski became jealous of her own fame and
with an offer from Grau dangling above
her head she began to make it unpleasant
for Ellis.
A few nights ago the meeting between
Gadskl and Ellis occurred. Gadski has
now her release with the reservation on
the part of Ellis that he may bid for her
services next year. In reality Gadski has
signed with Grau for the London season,
which begins on May 15 and* ends July
8. Grau, with the strongest operatic com
pany in this country, will star Gadski in
heavy German foles. The real reason of
Gadski's contretemps with Ellis seems
hinged on an offer from Grau for next
season. The small and shadowy colored
type merely accentuated Gadski's. con
firmed belief that she was not receiving
the full measure of her worth.
Mme. Gadski was . tendered a reception
and banquet last evening at the home of
"William Wolff, the commission merchant,
1312 Washington street. A number of the
prominent Germans of the city were pres
ent to meet the singer.
"When Mme. Gadski came to San Fran
cisco she voluntarily offered to give a con
cert for the benefit of some German or
ganization. , It was decided that the con
cert should, be held some time this week
and the proceeds were to be devoted to
the use of the Goethe-Schiller Mouhment
Association.
Owing to the fact that Mme. Gadski
is compelled to leave the city to-day the
arrangements for the proposed concert
had to be abandoned, but to show the ap
preciation her countrymen had for the
kind offer made by Mme. Gadski
Charles Bundschu, the president of the
Monument Association, composed a poem
to the lady. This was read at the ban
quet last nigr'H and an illuminated copy
of it presented to Mmc. Gaclaki.
DECLARED AN ABDUCTOR.
Thomas Chenich, Cook and Dancing
Teacher, in Trouble.
Thomas Chenich was arrested yester
day by Detective Anthony and Officer
Coleman of the Pacific ("oast Society for
the Suppression of Vice on a warrant
charßins him with abducting; for immoral
purposes Sarah Marco, a girl 16 years of
age. from her parents, who live at S3
Shotwell str^pf. He was released on his
own recognizance by Acting Police Judge
Barry.
The complaining witness is thp girl's
mother, Mrs. Lena Marco, whose hus
band is a fruit peddler. She alleges that
Chenich abducted the girl last Wednes
day morning and since then they have
bren unable to rind any trace of her and
Chenich refused to give them any in
formation.
< 'h^nlch is a cook in a restaurant on
Mason street near O'Farreil during the
day. and at night he teaches dancing in
a room at olf-^utter street. The girl as
sisted him in Tiis classes and he used to
take her to balls. He took her to the ball
on St. Patrick's day at Odd Fellows" Hall
and escorted her home. He declares ha
has not seen her since.
The police discovered that early last
"Wednesday mnrning the girl sneaked
away from home, taking some of her
clothes in a valise, which sJie left at the
restaurant where Chenfch officiates as
cook and it is still there.
Sarsfleld's Anti-Inflammation Salve will
cure deep abscesses and all inflammatory
swellings. All diseases of this character
yield quickly to its influence. Druggists.*
■ "BUY NOW-PAY LATER-NOONAN'S." .
I COUCHES --FIVE FIFTY.
§ SPECIAL THIS WEEK. |
c] This couch is something new with us—
M have had them in stock only a week or
h so. One of the best built ami prettiest
H Couches we have. They are covered with
H fancy designed Velour of different
H shades, and trimmed with a heavy
D fringe. . ■
W We are also snowing on the second
H floor a few hundred of the latest in
ti Sofa Pillows. All tiny priced. .
1 THE J. NOON AN
H Furniture Company (Inc.), ;
H tOI7-1023 MISSION STRBBT f
F1 flbove Sixth- •
H Phone. South 14. Open Evenings.
g -CASH. OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME."
Painless Dentistry.
B Fillings -■ 50 cts
Crowns • - $3.50
fnll set X " syo5 yo
ALL WORK
WARRANTED.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS,
24 Sixth 6t.# Cor. Stevenson*THE CALL Sunday Edition.
"*" The larjd that Reavis tried "*"
■*" to steal by msens of his "*■
"♦■ forged documents coy- ♦
•♦■ ered a larger area tbarj >
♦■ the States of Verroorjt >
•♦- and New ri^r^pshire ■♦•
•♦■ corrjbined. It was lo- >
+ cated partly in Arizona +
and partly in New Mexico. +
THERE Is a gaunt, white-haired, white-bearded man living in Denver
to-day. His shoulders stoop, his clothe? are worn and threadbare.
hanging loosely from a bony frame. Often he is seen on the street
with a dark-eyed woman of olive complexion who still retains traces
of fierce Andalusian beauty. The pair are always accompanied by
two children, twins, who have inherited the features and eyes of their
mother. The four live in a. lodpinsr-hou'se and at times -they- are hard
pressed for the necessities of \ .  . . •-. •--» ,
The man is James A'ddison iPeralta> Reavis and • the, ■ •woman I? Wt
•wife. He planned and barely failed of executing the most gigantic, fraud
that was ever conceived against this Government. At one time he had a
fortune of millions within his grasp. Such famous men as Robert G. In
grersoll. Roscoe Conkling. Collis P. Huntingtoh; "William 8. Wood. Reuben
H. Lloyd, Phil B. Thompson, John W. Mackay. Ed S: Stokes, Bourke
Cockran. Charles Crocker. I. M. C. Curry and H. 1). Money espoused his
cause and helped fight hi.= cpse in the cnu>r.
In the end. when his scheme was on the verge of success, when he was
about to receive title from the Government to 12,500.000 acres of land
valued at $100,000,000, the Government succeeded in convicting him of con
spiracy to defraud the Government. His scheme was exploded and he
was sentenced to serve two years in a New Mexican prison. He served
his sentence.
A few days ago he wrote a confession of. the entire conspiracy. Ac
cording to his statements the Government, although it spent $100,000 in de
fending the case, never hit upon the real facts. His conviction, he says,
■was secured upon a mass of false and perjured testimony. He himself,
however, tells for the first time how he -conceived and executed the
fraud.
He tells how he met an Andalu-?lan girl whose parentage was un
known, how he man her and lilt about her a mythical lineage proving
that she was the descendant of one of the noblest families of Spain and
the sole heir to the Poralta [grant of Arizona. He tells how he
searched the archives of Spain and forged and stole ancient documents;
how he and his wife were received by royal and noble families, and how
he built up document by document a title to millions.
REAYTS' confessioi I
I ai r Scoi
dents with ;i U*aditional Spa
extraction in the i '••ra
tions. Three of my great grand
parents fought in . the revolution. I
was reared in Henry County. Mo. In
May, 1861, at the age of 18, I enlisted
in the Confederate army and during
my life as a soldier committed my first
crime. I forged an order and being
successful in this I raised a furlough,
and before this expired I surrendered
to the Union f<>r< ■
After the war I worked as a street
car conductor but subsequently opened
a real estate office in St. Louis. I was
successful in forging a title to sustain
a tax title to Borne valuable land I had
bought, not knowing the title was im
perfect. But these are incidents in
■which th^re is little interest. However,
success in these early evils sowed the
6eed that later sprang forth into the
most gigantic fraud of this century.
The plan to secure the Peralta grant
and defraud the Government out of
land valued at $100,000,000 was not con
-1 in a day. It was the result of a
series of crimes extending over nearly
a Kcore of years. At first the stake was
small, but it grew and grew in magni
tude until even I sometimes -was ap
palled at the thought of the possibili
ties. I was playing a game which to
•win meant greater wealth than that of
a Gould or a Vanderbilt. My hand con
stantly gaiped strength, noted men
pleaded my cause and unlimited capi
tal was at my command. My opponent
-tvas • rnment and I baffled its
agents fit every turn. Gradually I be
came absolutely confident of Mirv<--ss.
As I nearer! the verge of triumph I was
exultant and sure. Until the very mo
ment of my downfall I gave no thought
to failure. But my sins found me out
and as in the twinkle of an eye I saw
the millions which had seemed already
In my grasp fade away and heard the
courts doom me to a prison cell.
Now I am growing old and the thing
hangs upon me like a nightmare until
I am driven to make a clean breast of
it all, that I may end my days in peace.
The first I ever knew of the Peralta
prant was when Dr. George M. Will
ing walked Into my real estate office in
Ft. Louis and told me that he had a
land grant of fabulous proportions in
Arizona and wanted me to \ake hold of
it. After a number of Interviews I do
elded to give my whole time to the mat
ter.
Just as I wae about to ptart for the
West my health gave away completely
and I was forced to abandon the trip.
For two years I remained an invalid
at my father's home in Vernon County,
Mo. One night I had a dream that
warned me that I should start for Cali
fornia. I left immediately with scarce
ly any money and without preparations
for tho journey. Once in California mv
health improved and after two more
years I returned to my father's home
for my wife. She refused «yen to see
me and to appease my conscience I
placed what means I had accumulated
CONFESSION OF DERALTA-REAVIS,
THE KING OF FORGERS
at her disposal and returned to St.
Louis.
Four years had elapsed since I had
talked with Willing.
About this tim*> I received a letter
from Mrs. Willing: reciting the death
of her husband and proposing that I
resume the grant matter. I entered
into a contract with her and returned
to California. Here my money ran out
and I went to work on the Los An
geles Daily Star. Subsequently I work-
Ed on daily papers in Ran Francisco
and all the prominent extreme West
ern papers. During these months the
land grant was in my memory but I
did not have the means to examine
further Into the matter.
The contest between Jay Gfcoull acd.
the Southern Pacific railroad was then
at its height. - The Southern Pacific
right of way. as surveyed ran through
the Peralta grant. I went to Hunting
ton, Stanford and Crocker with the
Willing 'title and they advance. j-^o
rno^gy f i-i tT ji'«V'Bilil'i^Bi" " ll |""' <l " : tv.
I went immediately tb Arizona and
there, after much patient research and
a trip to Mexico, learned that the
Willing: title was purely mythical. The
way of it was this: October 20, 1864,
In Black Canyon, Yavapai County*. Ari
zona, there existed a mining camp, the
principal persons of the camp being
Dr. George M. Willing of St. Louis,
Don Antonio Pablo Peralta, his son
Miguel Peralta, Don Jose Ybarra, M.
Bernatto Guiness, Don Rafael Ma
chado, Don Manuel Ramon and
Charles Lovejoy, a friend of Willing.
Among these originated the idea of the
Peralta grant. Another mythical per
son executed a deed of this parole
grant to Dr. Willing, the paper recit
ine: that the grant had been ceded to
the father of the maker of the deed
by tho King of Spain for military serv
ices in 1158 and that he had been forc
ed to abandon it on account of hostile
Indians. It embraced 300 square
leagues of land located along the Gila
River, thirty leagues from east to west
by ten leagues wide, resting its western
border upon the eastern line of the
Pima reservation.
One of the alleged witnesses, M.
Bernatto Guineas, was a Frenchman
who afterward located in business in
I.os Angeles, Cal.. but died before he
explained. Ms part in the matter, as
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MARCH 26, 1899.
flld also Don Antonio Pablo Peralta,
The only other Mexican, Don Rafael
MachadO of Rosario, Lower California,
affirmed that a Spaniard named Miguel
Peralta made the deed. The writing
was more that of Don Pablo, and he
suited the hero of Willing's tale bet
ter Than Miguel Peralta.
Willing represented that he had
given a^ pack train of sixteen mule?,
valued at $22,000, for the land. This re
cites in a nutshell all I could determine
about the grant.
Becoming certain that Pinalto. the
name given as the maker of the deed,
was a myth, I forged the documents
necessary to shift the title into the Pe
ralta family. Immediately the Peraltas
became so numerous that I realized
that a title in their names would never
do. After considering the matter sev
eral months I decided to again shift the
title into pome noble family of Spain
that had become extinct.
In the meantime I traveled much In
the towns where I could gain informa
tion concerning the men who might be
interested In this title. I talked with
old residents and stored my mind with
many incidents that proved of great
value in later years. But I will pass
quickly over this period and come down
to the time when the great fraud as it
was presented to the Government be
par. to.- take shape in my r-ind.
.During, .these travels, I met a young
Spanish- • girl. Her features rather in
clined-to the Jewish type;,her eyes were
laFge and of darkest .hazel : : a profusion
. of black and silken hair hung in a great
' mass below her waist; the delicate lines
of .her body and her exquisite grace and
fascination told of noble-Spanish ances
try "She.was of splendid physique. elas .
 lic-'step.^nd a superb, dancer. She was
* a t 'home in th« water or'on a hrvr?e and
was an adept with rod, gun. or lariat. .-.
I inquired • into the j history of this
child of nature and found-, that she had
been reared from ,her earliest recollec- 1
tion in the fastness, of -the mountains
remote from civilization. No one knew
the history of her birth. Investigation
only threw a deeper mystery about her
parentage. From a baby she had only
Indian children for playmates, having:
been raised by a ranchero's family who
sold her into bondage to John W.
Snowball and wife. "Those who might
have known her history had died, and
the ranchero. claimed that the child
was an Indian waif whose parentage
was unknown. .
I became Infatuated with her ■ ana
also saw. in her a possible heir to the
Peralta grant. I Induced her to accom
pany me and returned to San Fran
cisco. I made a satisfactory showing
of a partial title (which I had forged
with the aid of the Willing title) and
John "W. Mackay stood sponsor for me
to go to Spain for the purpose of com
pleting the title and determining of
what lands the grant actually con
sisted. I had a guarantee of $500 per.
(Continued on Page Thirty-Two.)18
MRS HEJjy QFEEN, the Richest Wom&rx ii\ America.
From her latest photograph. Copyrighted 1899 by Vander Weyde. New York.
HETTY GREEN'S latest freak is
to have a body guard.
For some time past she has,
been living" in fear of abduction,
murder, robbery, arson and
taxes. And the greatest fear of
all is taxes, for X is to ' avoid paying
theso that she exposes herself to- other
dangers by moving from place to place.
With nearly $60 ,000 .000 to her credit, this
strange woman has never paid a cent of
taxes into tho national treasury. •
For many years sho found It an eßsy
matter to avoid the tax collector by fail
ing to have "a place of habitation." She
kept constantly on the go, and for a
time came near to sleeping in a differ
ent bed every night. She used up nearly
all the towns in tho vicinity of New
York, because there is a paragraph in
the law that says something about "a
second residence." This has mado it nec
essary for her to hustle, and avoid giving
the collector time to locate her.
It is this constant moving about in the
SECRETARY OF AGRICULTURE WILSON'S ADVICE TO THE AMERICAN FARMERS.
 • «im.« nnri Declares That the Old-Fashioi)ed Farmer Must Go. His Golden Prophecy of the Conning Farmer.
He Says That Agricultural Colleges flre Just as Necessary as Universities, ana ueciar«»
Like the Indian, the old-fashioned farmer is doomed. James W. Wilson,
Secretary of Agriculture, says his methods are worn out. They must give way
to the wisdom of science. The farmer youth of to-day is the scientific agricul
turist of to-morrow.
Mr. Wilson told me this when I called on him the other day. He said it
was useless to try to hide the fact that something else was needed to make the
farm pay Besides the apprenticeship of following the plow. People, he said
might call these new fangled ideas if they wanted to, but they were sustained
by facts. The farmer must learn how to make his ground yield the most.
This knowledge he would never gain unless he familiarized himself with the sci
ence of the soil. ' „
Science is doing a good deal in the farmer's interest. Mr. Wilson says. It
has learned a secret that has given a new Impetus to the beet sugar industry.
This is a fact that will make Germany pout and Denmark frown. It is that
by feeding dairy cattle the waste of the sugar beet factories, tho milk they yield
provides nutter and cheese that will hold Its own In any tropical climate. Den
mark's dairy products have almost driven ours out of the Orient and elsewhere,
because they would remain good while ours would spoil. Now it will be dif
ferent.
All this means that we are going to make a great deal more beet sugar. It
means also that the United States Government is quietly adopting a new and
more vigorous policy in agricultural science. It is; the same policy that has
sent a man to South Africa to study tho date palm, preliminary to cultivating
It In Arizona and New Mexico.
Secretary Wilson says there's a new era in store for the farmers of the
United Stateß, and those of New York and the Mississippi Valley in particu
lar. It will be the new-fashioned farmer who will briny it about. He is the
Moses of modern agriculture.
THE farmer of the future must be
a practical scientist. The man
who does not understand the
science of the 601 l has no business
en the farm. If tho boy wants to
be a farmer. It Is Just as neces
sary that he tako a. course at an agricul
tural college as it la to the boy who wants
to be a lawyer, a doctor, a preacher, to
have a university education.
"The great need of the agricultural col
lego has been instructors who could In
struct. Why, out in lowa we could send
to Chicago and get a carload of chemists,
ir w<_ wanted to pay the money for them,
but v.c could not Una a man who could
teach the student the science of making
butter and cheese. The Government can
er.dow agricultural colleges all it wants
to. The more that Is done the better.
But it cannot furnish instructors, because
there have not been any. We are going
to giv^ a few young men a chance at the
department to learn the scientific features
of instruction In agriculture, but we can
only heip a few.
"Tho only way that these instructors
can be maclo is through the agricultural
colleges. Wo don't want the students
taught the theory, but we want the prac
tical facts put before their eyes. At one
college I know of they are making exten
sive experiments with livestock to show
what pirticular breed it is that will pro
duce the best basis for butter and cheese.
Tho students aro being taught that, not
by hearsay, buj by what they can see.
lit sny that every student puts oh
overalls, takes a milking stool and goes
out and milks, though I myself think
that is a pretty pood way to do. Tho
po-r.t is that <ach boy is taught by the
facts that ;:ro laid before him— living
facts— the essen.ee r.f certain truths, and
why they are truths.
"There la no lesson as good as an ob
ject lesson. Tha boy who sees expcrl
l In dairying carried on from clay to
day knows when he .sees the rc-smlts how
it ail came about— and it is not because
some one elso told him that !t was thus
and so. He knows tho science of dairy
ing ond has been taurrht it in the most
practical way. The dairy farmer of the
United States Is goir.g to bo a great fac
tor in the future. He is a factor at pres
ent to be sure, but nothing to what he
will be, and I will tell you why— because
•we have lcarr.ed the secret of Denmark's
butter and cheese keeping so well in
tropical climates.
•"The farmers of New York State and
tr-nao of the Mississippi Valley make a3
lood butter as la produced anywhere
Denmark makes ifOOd batter. We send
out butter to China; and it cannot com
l)'l vith the butter of Dean*
-o it won't keep. There Is a splen-
J ' uau ' , . ,_ tV iA nrient but we are shut
(li ,l market in the Orient u^
vtcinity of New York that has caused all
her fears. There was a time when no
body knew Hetty Green, as her appear
ance never conveyed the Impression of
the possession of millions. But now peo
ple point her out and look upon her as
they would a freak. This notoriety has
greatly disturbed the wealthy woman.
At present Hetty Green Is living in a
cheap boarding house in Hoboken, pay
ing for her accommodation about ?5 a
w r eck. She has Just moved frr>m Brook
lyn, and. It is said, does not like the
change.
But she never refuses to see members
of the press and is always ready to talk
about her lawsuits, several of which sho
always has on hand. That is what she
thought I came for and was all ready
with her long tale of oppression.
In Hetty Green's interminable lawsuits
the attorney for the other side is usually
Joseph Choate. To-night Hetty Green
chuckled.
"Joseph's gone to England," she said.
of our beet sugar factories— nltrogenous
produds. Now then, all we have to do in
this country to make our butter just as
good in the tropics as that of Denmark
Is to raise the sugar beet and feed the
waste of the factories to the dairy cows.
There Is no healthier fodder than thl?.
and it will make the sugar beet a mighty
valuable product in a groat many ways.
Congress has made an appropriation to
help along the cultivation of the sugar
beet. In this way not only is our sugar
production given a great Impetus, but w
are strengthening our dairy products in
the only way In which they were weak.
Now we will not have to tako Becond
place anywhere.
"This shows how necessary it is thai
the farmer should understand the ocienci '
of agriculture. It shows what sr-ionti'ii <
Investigation brings about. If I had not <
wanted to find out why Denmark's butt-- (l
would keep whore ours wouldn't, if I hail i
net sent a man to Denmark to learn th«
scientific reasons, we would not have beei.^
in the position we are to-day— able to <
enter into competition with Denmark <
without feeling that nhe has any advan- ,
tage over us In her butter and cheese. It <
Is in everything the farmer has to cul- (
tivate and grow that the reason for his '
being an agricultural scientist Is found <
If he knows the reason why things don't -
grow or do grow, or his crops are largo-,
or small, he gains a wisdom that will,
help him the next year to increase his "
crops and so make his Income greater.
The scientific farmer has a better chance
of making a big Income than any farmer'
ever had. But the man who insists on
following tho old-fashioned methods of,
never learning anything that his father
did not know Is going to have trouble to
make both ends meet.
"There is no placa that the farmer
needs to apply scientific methods raorr
than out where they irrigate th^ir land.
I am going to have that matter thorough
ly looked Into. Hundreds of acres of fine
lafld are being ruinod because the in' n
who irrigate them do not understand the
scientific facts about It. They let ton
much water run on the land; this brings,
the alkali to the surface and tho result
Is that there is no use trying to grow
anything. Now what should bo done is
to study the science of the soil so as to
know how to apply tho water and in what
quantity. If scientific reasoning had been
employed in tho beginning, this Land
would not have been comparatively
worthless to-day.
"The new-fashioned farmer, the scien
tific farmer, must study the feeding of
cattle. Not a pound of cotton r,?ed was
fed to the four hundred thousand cattle
we exported last year, although tho South
raised 000,000 tons of It. That cotton seed
was mostly wasted, or made fertilizer of.
Think what it mi.qht have amounted to if
It had been fed to beef cattle. The
trouble with the farmer is that he don't
know how to make tho best of what he
lms got. and he has got to learn the sci
ence of agriculture to know how.
'Ther? is only one way to find out those
things w«» are ignorant of. I hoard that
out In Japan they were growing better
ricr> than we did, a rice that was more
marketable and cheaper to grow. I sent
a man out there to find out about it. He
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 26, 1899.
"I always call him Joseph to his face, "
she. said. "It makes him squirm."
Then this richest woman in America
stepped into the tiny back parlor and
carefully lowered tho gas in the houso
where she lives. Mrs. Green is known
as Mrs. Pewoy. She admits, however,
that sho is a resident of Hellows Falls,
Vt., where she has a pretty cummer
place.
When she returned to the front parlor
Bhe spoke of th.> time rnnre than 30 years
ceo when, as Mips Robinson, she was one
of the belles of New York society. When
the Prince of Wales was here she danced
With him. Later, Bhe lived in England
and was presented at court. When Van
Buren, then ex-President, summered at
Saratoga, Mrs. Green, then Miss Robin
son was his honored guest. Then her
father dif^l, leaving $7,000,000.
Since then she has devoted her life to
business, has Increased her fortune to
niore than half a hundred millions. Trie
day Judge Hilton would have failed sho.
handed him her check for $1,000,000 and
esaved him. Her best friend now, next to
her flaughti r Silvia, who lives with her,
is Russell Sage. Her husband is an in-
did find out. came back with a lot of the
rice, and I am having ten tons of it sent
out through the country now to experi
ment with.
"I sent a man to the steppes of Russia
because I heard there was a grass there
that many months of winter would not
kill I got it. experimented with it here,
and found that what I heard was right.
It will stand all sorts of winter weather
and yet be in such a condition that as
quick as moisture strikes it will grow like
a weed. That is not a particularly sclen
ALMOST KILLED BY WOLVES
Desperaee Adventure of Two California Miners Driven^
Into a Tunnel by the Ravenous Beasts.
HUNTERS, miners and ranchers
generally agree that wild anl
mala have been bolder th£ last
winter than ever before in the
history of California. The long
dry spell and the consequent
scarcity of small game are ac
'ountable for this, but the extremes to
which some Ot the beasts have gone are
dimply incredible.
' Ip in El Dorado County a few days ago
two miners, George Nelson and Henry
• Young, were driven into a tunnel by a
jack'of eight wolves, and had to fight
,'or their lives with pickaxes and shovels.
The wolves were vanquished, hut both
n< n are confined to their beds with
t wounds.'-"' '•-'-:.- ■•■.,.»•,■,
j . According to the story told by Nelson
».t was a terrible fight. • ' :->"-;;
i The camp of the two miners Is about
L 'nur miles from Pleasant Valley. On the
I -illislde several hundred feet ■ above the
T nmp Is the entrance, to the. tunnel In
t-rhich the two miners work. It was on
f the way from the cabin to the ; tunnel
v bat the wolves made the attack.
0 "I had no Idea, that there . were any
Ivolves close to camp." said Nelson. "Of
i ourse I know there are lots of them up
J n the high mountains, but I never ex
t <-cted to see anything down our way any
f iirger than a- polecat. .
V "It was early Monday morning when
«• Henry and I started for the mine. There
« wa g some snow on the ground. Just
I after leaving the cabin our trail starts
Xrißht up the mountain side. Then it
inins over a sort of lower spot right to
the mouth of the tunnel that is at the
: bottom of another hill.
7 "Henry and I had climbed up the steep
Nascent and stopped a moment to get our
breaths. Just then I heard a queer bark
<*>back on the trail over which we had Just.
ipasscd.
T •■ 'Whoso dog is that?' I asked Henry.
f " 'Wolf,' said Henry- 'Listen.'
7 "The bark came again and then several
Sharks all at once. There was no doubt
♦ now but what .we were being chased by
! wolves and we hadn't a splinter to make
v fight against them.
k "Suddenly we saw tho wolves emerge
f from a little clump of timber and take to
.▼our trail as if they were sure we were
<s> their moat. They bounded up the hill. I
i stood spellbound. If It hadn't been for
'Henry I would have been eaten right
there; but he is an old hunter and knows
fa thing or two about wolves.
<S> ""Run for the tunnel,' he shouted.
♦ grabbing my arm and almost dragging
Imo along. 'It's our only chance. " Grab
Tthe picks and crowbars there. Run!' •
f "By this time'the wolves were not more
4>than a hundred feet away and coming up
itlie hill in long Jumps. We ran a race
Ithat would have broken any track record.
I When we had covered about half the dls
ftance to the tunnel the wolves were not
<*>more than fifty feet behind us and gain
ling. ;
<*, "'lf they catch us we are gone, said
i Jlenry. 'Run for. all you're worth.'
' "The tunnel was only a short- distance
Tahead. A big fellow was Just behind me,'
f snapping hla Jaws as if he . was sure . of
♦ills game^ : ' ' ""•*"" "~"~"V"--\.
*■ ■■'■■''*'" '*■ • ■ ' i .ii.i.
HETTY GREEN, THE RICHEST- WOMAN IN AMERICA
She Is Particufarfu Happy Just Now Because Joseph Cfioate Has Gone to
■ England and She Has Made a Strike in Her California Gold Mine,
«_ J CVin at.
valid.
Mrs. Green told me that she dresses
shabbily for a purpose. She declared
positively that she believes there is a
conspiracy among the lawyers of New
York to take her life.
"They are my arch enemies," she said,
"and not one of them would heßitate to
kill me if he thought he could do so with
out being found out. 1 make them toe
the chalk'.ine, and that's the reason they
don't like me."
Mrs. Green has a desk at the Chemical
Bank in New York, and has to be there
every day to look alter her vast inter
ests. The traveling back and forth be
tween the back and her home is what
caueed her to get a bodyguard.
"My bodyguard is a nephew of a form
er New York Police Inspect 01 ", and a sfal
wart young fellow at that. Of course,
I wouldn't have his name published, be
cause that would establish his identity,
and some day when it chanced that he
was not with me I might be attacked.
"When we are traveling ho does not
stay beside me. as you might suspect,
and we never have any conversation. lie
keeps a lookout for mo every morning
and then follows me as if he did not
knuw who I was. He changes his ap
pearance every day or so in order to keep
people from petting to know him. If we
traveled together my enemies would sim
ply wait for a chance to catch us un
awares.
"As It is, my guard keeps his eye on
me, and I am sure he would be on hand
■when .wanted."
As she prows older Hetty Green does
not improve in manners. She is careless
!n her speech, drops her final g's and
uses slang freely. Money making and
talking are her chief pleasures, and her
main object in life is to leave to her son,
Edward, who lives in a princely stylo on
his ranch in Texas, a great fortune. She
has proved that, in finance, woman can
be the equal of man. Her energy and
endurance at CO years of age surprise all
who have dealings vrlth her. She is a
woman such as only American soil could
produce.
The accompanying photograph was
taken by flashlight in the back parlor of
the Hohoken boarding house. It is an ex
act likeness and gives a better idea of the
character of the woman than any picture
made heretofore. With all her fear of
assassination, she had no hesitation about
Bitting in front of the camera, even
though the photographer was a stranger
to her. But that is Mrs. Green's dispo
sition; when she trusts people, she does
so implicitly.
Mrs. Green is now in a most happy
frame of mind on account of a big strike
said to have Just been made In one of her
mines in California. "It may amount to
a. million dollars," she said. "And if It
doesn't reach that sum, why, well and
gorxi. Whatever it does realize is that
much gain. A dollar is a dollar."
In the number ot years she has been
around the money markets of America
Hetty Green has changed very little. She
looks* and acts now Just the same as she
did five years ago. when she attracted
the attention of the financial world by
the boldness of her investmemts and her
tiflo ff.ct, but it Ktinws the beneficial re
sults of Investigation for the farmer in
almost any direction.
"Over in South Africa now there is a
man whom T sent there, who is study
ing nnd growing the date palm. This is
being done with the. idea of introducing
it into New Mexico and Arizona. You see.
I believe in expansion in agriculture, and
why not? I reckon if we had stuck to the
little old thirteen States we wmild not
have been able to supply ourselves with
the things we need to eat. Where do we
"That sight sparred me on and wo<
dashed right into th« tunnel. At this mo
ment I am sure the wolf In the lead made
a bite at mv leg. But he didn't follow me
in on the instant. The darkness scared
him a little, and that gave us the chance
to get a few feet in the lead and grab
the picks and shovels.
"We wore about forty feet back to the
turn, and as the tunnel is largo there was
considerable light.
" 'Crack tho first one that comes along,"
gasped Henry. 'If you show fear we are
gone. They'Jl be here in a second If they
are coming at all.'
"And in a second' we were right in the
track of a fight. The big fellow that wa3
right behind me only waited for the rest
of the pack to catch up and then dashed
right after us. Our running away seemed
to give the beasts courage.
"The big follow seemed to have singled
me out, for he Jumped Btralght for my
throat. I was ready for him and floored
him with the pick between the eyes. He
went down like a log.
"Then I warmed up to the fight and
went for the wolves without giving them
a chance to come at me. Henry did the
same and we laid about us on all sides,
and wherever we saw a wolf one of us
hit it. But we didn't get in another blow
like my firnt one. Every wolf had to be
struck several tlmep. I hit one fellow on
tho head and rolled him over, but In a
couple of seconds he was on top of my
back with his teeth in my shoulder.
Henry caught him one over the loins with
hiH shovel ,and laid him out. but my left
arm was useless for fighting after that
and things began to look mighty serious.
"Part of the time the wolves would
crowd us, and part of tho time we would
crowd the wolves. Our arms . and legs
were bitten and our faces and hands
scarred, but fortunately we managed to
beat the beasts off.
"After we had killed three wolves and
had all the others pretty badly battered
up a big fellow got up behind me and
knocked me down. For a moment I
thought all was up and expected to feel
the sharp teeth In my neck. But Henry
was on hand. With a swinging blow
from his shovel he caught the wolf under
the Jaw and put it out of the fight.
Another blow on the back of the head
stretched him out good.
"Then I got up and went at it again.
I was badly used up, but so were the re
maining wolves. In a few moments there
was only one wolf left. He lost courage
and started to get out, but Henry cor
nered him and spilt his head with his
shovel. Then we sat down to rest and
cool off.
"We killed eight wolves, and all of them
big fellows. We were badly used up, but
with no serious wounds. We managed
to get back to our cabin, where we found
neighbors. They went up and skinned our
game after seeing us safely in bed. Tho
eight skins are beauties and I guess we
can sell them for enough to pay U3 for
the time we have to spend in bed. I am
feeling all right now, except my shoul
der. It hurts occasionally. Both of U3
will bo out in a week. Pass me the ar
nica."
close manner of living.
Old Wall street men tell innumerable
stories about the woman's closeness and
about her wonderful success on the
street. She was In Philadelphia one day
when the market suddenly changed, and
she found that unless she reached New
York before the close of the Stock Ex
change she would miss a chance to make
several thousand dollars. No train would
bring her here in time, and she opened
negotiations for a special engine. A price
was named for an engine and one car,
and, after Haggling some few minutes,
Mrs. Green made this final proposition:
"Take off the *:<.r and make it $5 less.
I'll ride in the locomotive cab." She had
a dusty but a speedy ride to this city,
and she reached Wall street in time to
make a successful turn.
At another time she had a large amount
of Reading securities which she had
ordered aei brokers to transfer to Phila
delphia for her. When she Learned that
they would have to pay the express com
pany a rate in proportion to the value of
the securities j-h« was horrified.
"What, pay $100 for taking that bundle
to Philadelphia! I can gq there and back
myself for $4 and save ?Sfi." Sho gath
ered up the securities In her black bag
and carried thorn over to Philadelphia
herself.
Once when John J. Cisco was her bank
er she came into the establishment with
seyeral hundred thousand dollars' worth
of securities In the black bag. She said
she had walked all the way down town
and was tired. The banker expostulated
with her for her recklessness in taking
such a risk of attack and robbery on the
street.
"Why didn't you come down in a car
riage?" he demanded.
"You may be able to ride In cabs, Cis
co," said the richest woman in America,
sharply, "but I can't afford it."
Mrs. Green used to keep all her plate
and diamonds, as well as her securities.
In the strong hoxes of the Clscos, and
once a month she would go down, there
and polish up the articles and cut her
awn coupons. She keeps up the practice
to-day at the Chemical Bank.
One clay a report floated around Wall
street that Cisco was in trouble. The re
port was not verified, but it reached Mrs.
Greens ears, and she went at once to
the bank and demanded every cent of
her account. She had $750,000 on deposit
there. Cisco protested that the with
drawal of such a large single amount In
one day would ruin him, but this mado
no difference to Mrs. Grrcn. She de
manded her money and got it. It re
quired two cabs to carry away all her
strong boxes. The bank failed the next
day.
A few years ago it was discovered in
Chicago that forged deeds to property
owned by Mrs. Hetty Green to the
amount of (1,000,000 were in circulation.
When the attempt of the schemers to
raise money on the forged deeds brought
the plot to light Mrs. Green's attorney.
Mr. Bisbee, set to work to protect her
interests and bag the crooks. A trap was
set for the forgers, and the assistance of
the Chief of Police and his Detective Bu
get our cotton from mostly? The Louisi
ana purchase. You see, that is why I am
for expansion."
I asked Mr. Wilson if he believed the
statement that we could starve Europe
out if we wanted to; that we really had
control of the food markets of the world.
"There is no doubt about the truth of
the last half of your question." he said.
"As things stand to-day we have what
the speculator calls the bulge on the rest
of the world in breadstuffs. We could
certainly supply the markets of the world
if it was necessary, if they would make
kit worth our while. We are not growing
"a tithe of the wheat we might Take my
own State of lowa. Why. the farmers
'" there could raise any amount of wheat
► if you would give them a dollar a bushel
»for :t. But at the present price it don't
pay them, so they don't raise it.
•'lf we should stop shipping food prod
>ucts to Europe, although such a thing
► Is not possible, we might not starve them
out. but we would make them mighty
reau and of a big trust company was
secured. It was necessary to consum
mate some transfer or deal on the for
geries to obtain the forged document it
pelf. Secrecy was the only hope of gain-
Ing proof of guilt, as the law does not
touch the holders, but only the makers
of forged deeds.
Attorney Bisbee was to delay filing a
bill in chancery to quiet the titles to the
property until the thieves were caught.
But the minute Mrs. Green, who was at
Far ftockaway, heard of the arrange
ment she hurried to Chicago and hired
another lawyer to file the necessary bill.
SI i- had a storm\- interview with Mr.
Bisbee, in which she declared that she
hn'\ not the slightest interest in bringing
the forgers to justice, and that he should
have known better than to take any
chances.
"You look after my interests. P.isbe.e,"
she said sharply, "and keep tne titles to
my property clear. That's what I pay
you for. I^et the police catch their own
thieves."
The son, Edward H. R. Green., has de
veloped into a gooii business man, and
while not what might be called extrava
gantly liberal, is not especially noted for
closeness. He has an r>rt' n - ; --i! Ipst. His
knee was injured while coasting when he
was 7 years old and it was never prop
erly attended to. Years afterward, when
It was too late, Mrs. Green secured treat
ment for the lad from a prominent sur
geon of Philadelphia, but he could not
save the limb, nnri after young Green
had attained his majority the amputation
was performed. The operation took place
in a boarding house ;it No. 2f> West
Eighteenth street. The Greens have not
stopped at that house for some years
now.
Once, when Ned was a tall, lanky
youth, he lived with his mother some
where in the neighborhood of Fourth
avenue and Thirteenth street. He spent
most of his leisure time around the Fire
Department house on Thirteenth street,
and Captain Breslin and porno of his men
remember him very well. At that time
his mother allowed him 50 cents a day
for his meals, and he used to eat in a
cheap restaurant on Fourth avenue, just
below Union Square. Up to the time he
was 20 years old Ned Green was accus
tomed to take the newspaper which his
mother bad purchased early in the morn
ing and sell it on the street corner
after she had finished studying the finan
cial page.
The general public learned with aston
ishment that Hetty Green had a husband
and a daughter. Mr. Green has dropped
so completely out of sight during the
last decade that even the financial world
and the brokers who used to know him
In Wall street had forgotten him. He is
a very tall man. very quiet and polite
and a confirmed "club bachelor."
He was a member of the Union Club
for years. He sleep? in a room on West
Nineteenth street and eats and reads and
look? out of the window at the Union
Club. One of his days is very much like
another. He sees his wife occasionally.
It 19 years since they have lived togeth
hungry. Any such action as that on our
).;trt would stimulate the rnising of wheat
in the valleys of the Nile and would give
the Russian farmer a chance that • has
never come to him. I do not say that
they could all do these things In a mo
ment, over in Europe, but if they had to
get along without us that is what they
would do.
"Europe never will get along without
up, however. She will never want to. She
thinks too much of us. And there are no
set (if circumstances that could entirely
stop the shipping of meat and breadstuff s
to Europe. There can be no laws passed
in this country that will do it, and if any
country tries to have an international law
so construed a3 to shut us out anywhere
we will have the law changed. You can
not keep the American farmer down."
"Do you believe," I said, "that there
there is as good a chance for the farmer
boy on the farm as there was fifty years
ago? Do you think the boys ought to be
urged to stay on the farm Instead of go
"We SWung Our Weapons as They Sprang at Us."
er, though they never quarreled. She al
lows him a sort of pension from her enor
mous fortune. It suffices ior his modest
wants.
Yet. in his time, this tall, quiet
old man was known as "Spendthrift
Green." He was a high roller before the
war and the gayest of a very gay set.
He came from Bellows Falls, Vt.. and
made a fortune at Manila, the capital of
the Philippine Islands. He lived on the
islands pever.tce-n years, and he had a
million when he met and married Harriet
Robinson. Tlv'ir married life was happy
enough, but after he lost his money spec
ulating in Wall street Mrs. Qreen did not
feel that she could accord him that re
spect and honor due from wife to hus
band. He was too poor r; man of busi
ness, she said; so they agreed to live un
der different roofs.
Miss Sylvia Green, who Is about 30
years old, has led a rather uneventful
life. For several years she has traveled
around with her mother from boarding
bouse to boarding-house, but she tired
of this two years ago. and it was decided
to launch her into society. Miss Annie
Leary, who had always taken a deep In
terest in Sylvia, agreed to Introduce her,
and Sylvia went to some parties and to
Newport for two or three seasons. She
doesn't like society, and she has so de
clared herself several times. She would
like a home of her own with her mother,
but Mrs. Green knows that a permanent
residence means regular visits from the
tax collector, and so she clings to her
boarding-house life. Br&
These are the four people most directly
interested in a fortune of $60.000.000— .the
largest fortune ever owned by an Ameri
can woman. It is a fortune that pays
no taxes, develops no new industries,
supports no charities. Its enormous pow
er and influence are wielded solely for Its
own increment. It is as useful to human
ity and civilization as a miser's hoard or
a' buried treasure.
A bookseller's opinion of a book may
be as instructive afl a critic's, thoupb the
point of view is different; and a letter
which Literature has received from a
correspondent throws a certain amount
of light upon this branch of the subject:
"For reasons which concern no one but
myself," writes the correspondent, "I re
cently decided to get rid of a certain
number of modern books, and a book
seller duly arrived to look at them and
make an offer.
" 'What I particularly want,' he said,
as he turned them over, 'is rrd books.'
" 'What port Of books?' I asked.
" 'Red books— that is to say, books In
red covers,' was his reply.
"And he proceeded to explain: 'Of
course, there are a few people who know
about books, and insist on having tha
book they wart without reference to the
color of the binding; but the great mass
of our customers .nidge by appearances.
Drab books and gray books and brown
books they won't have anything to do
with; green books will pass: blue books
sell a shade better; but red books always
find a market. You can have no idea,
unless you're in the trade, what a differ
ence it makes to a book to be bound In
red.' "
Ing to the city?"
"There never was a time," said Mr. "Wil
son slowly, "when the boy who wanted to
be a farmer, and was willing to go about
It the right way, had a better chance
than he has tn-day, nor as good. He has
got scientific facts to aid him now where
before he had nothing but example.
"So far as making the boy stay on the
farm is concerned, I think it Is a great
mistake to try ' to influence him. Ha
should bo allowed to follow his own in
clinations or he never will get to tha
front. There is just one thing to remem
ber always, and that is that a boy doesn't
make a good anything unless he wants to.
I>et him stay on the farm if he feels sr>
inclined and let him go to the city if ha
ciocfn't."
"Where do you think the best opportu
nity lies for the young man who wishes
to be a farmer?" I asked. The answer
came with the speed of a Mauser bullet:
"In the United States of America."CALIFORNIA GIRL IS HEIRESS TO NEARLY TEW MILLION DOLLARS.
I HAVE had my wish. Tan mil
lion dollars In gold is mine. I
am rich: I am rich! Good-by to
nare and work.
Po epoke Elsie Tyson in the kitch
en of a Humboldt County farm a
few days apo.
In the livinpr room of the farmhouse pat
Thomas Wilson, a lawyer from Sydney,
Australia, who a few moments before had
told Elsie that she was her uncle's heir
ess and could draw on his lawyers for
any amount till the estate is finally set
tled.
When he. first told us Elsie was dum
founded, and I thought the young Eng
lishman -was Joking. But he wasn't. He
had traveled almost around the world
searching for Elsie, and once having
found her lost no time In telling her of
her good fortune.
"You see," he told me afterward. "1
had no doubt of the. ynunp woman's Iden
tity, for Elsie- Tyson resembles her uncle
so strongly that I could have picked her
out of a crowd."
Then I went into the kitchen, where
Elsie was. She had slipped from her
chair onto the floor and snt all doubled
up with her h^ad in her hand.
"Do you know, I almost fainted when
Mr. Wilson told m* of my good fortune."
phe said, ss I laid my hand on her tum
bied hair. "We all thought that T'nrle
Jamrs was dead years ago. We had
heard that he was wealthy— but $10,000,
--000! I had no idea that it was so much.
And now it Is all mine. Do you hear me,
Carrie? I am rich. I can buy the world.
Everj body will be happy. Oh, I am going
to do lots of Rood.
"No more suffering from poverty, be
ca'.iso 1 know what poverty is. It crushed
out my father's heart and took my moth
er's life. My brothers and sisters died
because of poverty. No, no, no. there will
more poverty, because I have $10,
--• and will stop all the heartaches in
the world."
And then Elsie Tyson forgot, tempor
arily, all that had made her life worth
the living. She had had her trials and
cares but she had also had her joys. Her
simple rural pleasures she now put be
hind her. Her chickens and ducks and
turkeys, the little Jersey calf, her pig
eons, her birds, her flowers and even the
neighbors she loved, all seemed to go out
of her mind. She must begin using that
$10,000,000.
I tried to get her to tell me the details
of how she came by her good fortune,
but she couldn't do it. Her mind was
on other things. I told her it was time
to teed the turkeys, but she told me to
do it. "You may have them all, Car
rie." she said. "I have $10,000,000 to spend
and have no time to look after poultry."
Attorney Wilson came prepared to take
away his heiress In proper style. "Here's
a little to start with," he said as he emp
tied a leather money belt on the rough
kitchen table.
Gold, silver and bank notes lay in a
glittering heap. It dazzled Elsie, even
though it -was all hers, and it dazzled all
th« rest of us. "Ten thousand dollars,"
said Mr. Wilson, counting over the treas
ure. "I guess that will last until you get
to San Francisco, where we can get con
nection with the Bank of England, so I
can identify you and arrange it so you
can write checks for almost any amount
you wish. You are indeed a fortunate
girl."
The next morning an aunt of Mr. "Wil
son's arrived at the Humboldt County
farmhouse, and that afternoon the three
left for Pan Francisco. It was arranged
that "Elsie should stay at the home of
Mr. Wil=nns relatives until the final
proofs were made and she would be sole
mistress over one of the largest estates
!n Australia. In the meantime she could
Bpend the (10,900 as she saw fit.
"And your credit will be good for many
times that amount." said Mr. Wilson,
"as soon as you are known at the
banks."
All day long on that last day at the
farm Elsie danced through the house. "I
am rich! I am rich:" she kept saying.
<a no never wont near the old treasures of
her ■art. They were as if they never
had been. "Let me get away quick. I
must see the world; I must know joy;
I must know greatness. I am so happy.
And to think that T am to make every
body else happy. Oh. this is joy. This i 3
happiness. This Is life."
Bofor^ leaving the old HumboMt Coun
ty farm Elsie gave liberally to everybody.
The friends who had given her a home
after her mother's death were well pro
vided for. Bui Elsie went away without
a regret. As she climbed onto the. stage
Phe waved her hand as gayly as if she
•wore only going to a picnic. Instead of
leaving her best friends forever.
"She's as heartless as a stone," I
thought as I saw the stags roll over the
distant hill, and went into the farmyard
to look after the flocks that a few days
before had been such a pleasure to her.
A few days later I saw Elsie in San
Francisco, domiciled in an elegant home,
Burrounded by every luxury, with every
want supplied.
'•Oh, T am so unhappy," were her first
words a = she came forward to greet me.
'N"f>w that I ran have everything T want,
I don't know what I want. Everything
is arranged, and I am going to start for
Bydney, Australia, by way of Scotland,
next week. You know, all my people
•were Scotch."
"But you will enjoy the trip." I paid.
'"No. no." Phe answered, "I will not.
How Is my dear old white hen? Did she
hatch any chickens? You know they
Should have come out last Thursday.
And the big gobbler? I>o my ducks quack
as loudly aa they used to? Sometime* I
used to think they made too mu"h noise,
law I would give worlds to hear
them. The <lp;!r things, they used to give
m» so much pleasure."
"But you have money now, Elsie."
Bald, "and can have all th« ducks and
chickens and things that you want."
The heiress to $10,000,000 grave me a look
I shal! never forget.
"Money!" she said scornfully. "Money
will not buy true friends; it will not huy
a home; it will not buy my dear old
white hen; it will nnt buy living beings
that love you. I would just like to hold
the old white her in my hand .and prrr-s
rt down against my cheek. No,
money will not buy that feeling.
"Aii this money has only brought me
loneliness. If father and mother and
•rs and sisters were only alive. It
would be different. I could use it to
make them happy. But I can only spend
it on myself, and when T fee! that I ■■mi
have anything I wish there is ho satis
far 1 ion in having It. 1 went into a big
jewelry store last week ar.d saw dia
monds by the handful. They were beau
tiful and worth thousands and thousands
of dollars, bui I saw :io object in hay-
Ing them. They were no more out of my
reach than a hand/ul of pebbles would
have been a few weeks ago.
•'Then I went over to the big: hotel
across the way. T had, when I once saw
it long r:g n . thought that I would like
to live there. But the charm had Bed.
They showed me through the gilded
room? fgmlshed In silk and velvet. They
showed me works of art and bric-a-brac.
But it was cold, cheerless, empty and
lonesome xnd made me long for my cozy
room In the Humboldt County forest.
There was love and affection up there.
"I have been everywhere; to the opera,
the theaters, concerts and have seen all
the Interesting points of San Francisco.
I have bought a wardrobe of fine clothes,
but they don't give me the pleasure that
my 'best dress" used to, even though It
cost only a few dollars.
"Wherever I turn is poverty that I can
not relieve. T gave a beggar a large sum
the other day. expecting that he would
at once rush home and bring joy to his
Ing family. But ho didn't even
seem thankful. Tie put the money In his
; 1 ket Just ss a banker would and kept
right on begging for more.
"Just how all this money can bring me
joy is more than I can* see. It la nice to
have it and know that poverty 1? no
more, but I wish— l don't know what I
wish, except that I am unhappy. Per
haps if the money had never oome to
me I might never have known the pain
of having: it. but now it almost drives
me frantic with the fear that I may
lose it.
"And then to think of how T come hy
it. Poor old Vnolc James died all alone
in a rough cabin away out in the wilds
of Australia. I don't suppose ho over
hoard of me, and now all his wealth is
mine.
"They say ho lonkod like father, and I
can almost sop him now as )u lay groan
ing in jiain on his rough bod all alone,
just as T am now."
Thon Elsie Tyson burst into trars and
I kn<-w that her heart was not as hard
us it had seemed to mo on that day when
she drove away from the Humboldt
County farm. U-aving poverty and hap
piness behind her and going out into the
world to take her place in the ranks of
wealth.
Thon Elsie told mo the story of h<--r
father's family and the chain of strange
Incidents that led up to hor fortune. It
is a long story and goes back m the bo
ginning of the century. At that time
thoro lived in a little town in Scotland,
on the ostato of tho Puke of Argylc, a
farmer namod Thomas Tyson. There was
a groat graystone old-fashioned house
with parlors furnished with -precise
squarely sot furniture, always darkened
and lockod except on very state occa
sions. Little less than a wedding or fun
eral ever saw tho front of the house in
use. All tho lifo centered around the
grent brick-flOored kitchen, whero the
big joints turned on the spits before the
kitohon fro.
Then there were already five little sons
playing about the farmyard among the
calvea and poultry. The eldest, a boy
of only 11 years, knew that he would
have to make his own way in the world
and leave the old place to take care of
the others. His father, a hard-hearted
Scotchman, said "Very well," but the
mother's heart ached as. she put into the
new tin trunk the clothing she had made
for her son. his only earnest of the for
tune he was to find In far-off Australia.
So the boy left home. It was months
before they heard from him, but at last
a letter, like the first chapter from ' Rob
inson Crusoe," came to the quiet old
"home, farm." Many letters passed be
tween the mother and her boy. When
the mother had been dead 40 years and
her boy was an old man of 70 these old
letters were found in the iron box where
James Tyson kept his deeds and the re
ceipts of'alt his great wealth. When he
was dead these letters were used to
trace his birth back to Scotland. The
old church register told Mr. Wilson, the
attorney, that three of tho sons and four
daughters born after James went to Aus
tralia lay buried with their parents out
side in the churchyard. The name of
one son only. Thomns. appeared beside
James on the !>irth record and not among
the deaths.
Where was Thomas? He had married
"FMz-i Coates,. spin.=ter." 4S years brfore
and sailed for America. Twenty years
later, at hi* father's denrh. he had re
turned and settled up his father's estate
and gone back to America.
Attorney Wilson followed the trail of
Thomas to America and to the only ad
dress he had— that given In a letter from
a little hoy. ".Jimmle," who wrote to hl3
uncle In Australia 32 yrars ago.
It took the lawyer to Orange, N. Y.
There he found the record of little Jlm
mie's death as "eldest son" of Thomas
and Eliza Tyson.
"Of course," said Mr. Wilson, "T rea-
Foned if Jinimie were the 'eldest son'
there must be younger ones. T could find
r.o trace of the family and every one
had forgotten them. Almost despairing
of the lost heirs. I started into the ceme
tery where Jimmie was burled. I was
surprised to se<» that the little grave was
in mv."h better condition than any of the
other gra\ es. There was some attempt
at flowers and the little marble cross had
evidently been placed on the gray« much
■ Inter than the grave Itself had been
made. It gave me an idea. I hunted up
the old verger, or caretaker, as you call
him. He was as decrepit as the graves
he kept. But lie had a bright little
grandchild. While I was asking about
the grave she exclaimed:
"■<>h, grandpa. T know. That In the
grave the lady used to write about, and
she sent some money. No. don't you re
member? I had some of the money be
cause I kept the weeds pulled up. Oh, I
remember.'
" 'Can't you find me one of those old
letters?' I asked.
"The little girl ran up stairs and pretty
soon cam" down all dusty, with her
checks red with excitement. She had a
bundle of letters, and I found jnveral
written by Eliza Coates and giving ncr
address.
"I went to Illinois. The house was gone
whose number Mrs. Tyson had given. I
went to the records again and the ceme
tery. There were, five little Tyson graves,
nand with them the grave of father Thor
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, MAECH 26, 1899.
as Tyson. But I found a woman who
had known the family, and she told me
about them. After hor husband's death
Mr?. Kliza Tysnn sold what property they
had, and with Elsie, the only child left of
her family of seven children, she came
out to California."
"Yes," interjected Miss Tyson, telling
her part of the story. "Mother's health
was very poor. I think it was trouble
which broke her down. When Jimmie
died she could not bear to stay in
(•r;u:ge, so father sold the place and we
went to Illinois. Then the first winter
my sister Nellie was born, and Tommie
and Mollie died. Then Jack died:
he was 8 years old and the only boy, and
father never got over the shock of hi a
death. Little Jack fell off the barn,
where he was helping father shingle, and
father blamed himself for lotting him go
up with him. Then Nellie died.. I was
tho oldest in the family, and I have
closed the eyes of every one of my broth
ers and sisters, except only Jimmie, and
his death, and being carried to his bod in
the night to say good>by to him. while
my father held me in his arms and some
one else stood near holding two candles,
is the first of my life that I remember.
It has all been like that night.
"Mother and I came to Southern Cali
fornia. Wo had only about $7'Yi and no
way of earning much more. We rented
a little placeand I raised chickens. Mother
had everything she needed, but she was
always worrying about me. I did not
• I only wanted her to live. She
died, though, and then I could not bear
to stay in th" house alono. I felt all the
time as if she must come back, and every
time a door opened I looked up, expecting
to sop her.
"Then some neighbors were going t/>
move up here. They came up to take up
a homestead and raise sheep. They a.-ked
me to come with them, and I did. Every
thing I had in the world till last week
was my stock of turkeys and chickens
and ducks. It seems strange. Just as I
had got used to the life, and I love the
mountains; they are good company when
all your folks are dead."
Miss Tyson is quite at home In her lux
urious surroundings, for Attorney Wilson
has placed her where she can want for
nothing more. No one would imagine
that tho quiet little woman, going and
coming in her shopping, had Just fallen
heir to so much property. She is getting
some "clothes as are clothes." She Is a
country bred woman with simple man
ners, which belong with a genuine
straightforward character.
•'I keep finding myself economizing; it
is second nature." she said. "But money
is nice. It is nice to think It is there.
I really rather like It all. But It Isn't
what you would think it would be. I am
not different a bit. You might think it
would be like an earthquake, with me, and
that I WOUld feel different. I don't. I
only feel that I am alone, and keep think
ing if mother and .Nellie and Jack and
father and all the rest were, only here.
"I was <*o interested tn every r.hicken
and turkey, and whi>n a coyote got five
of my chirks I believe I thought more
about it than T do about this money. I
had no time to think of anything elite,
and I did not often feel lonesome. Rut,
now? Why, I only have to think of what
I want, and T know I can't have what I
really want, and so I don't want what
I have.
"I never was bo sad. so unhappy In
all my life. I o you know I don t even
know whom I can help, m love- to give.
things to thi.se. who need as motier and
] used to, but I don't know anybody and
everything is so strange.- I'm homesick
already, and I have no home now, only
a ;ot of money. Even the old home in
Humboldt will be different, for I, of
course, shall give them just as much
money as they can use. All this money
is liko the ocean, and T don't believe I'll
ever grow a tall and fins so I can swim
in it."
"She Is not unlike old Tyson," Mr. Wil
son said. "She has very much the same
disposition— Scotch and square-cut, which
nothing can make any different. His
history is almost a history of the pas
toral industry of Australia. He went to
the 'bush' so young that he became a
perfect example of the bushmen who
have made Australia what It Is. They
are moztiy all dead. He was queer, ac
cording *o our notions, but he considered
us and our ways much more 'queer. He
began fi'-st as Rheep herder on a big sta
tion. His ambition was to own a sta
tion. When only a boy he had save.i a
few hundred pounds and went down to
Sydney to buy cattle to stock a range.
"In those days any one could take land,
for they were all 'squatters.' But Tyson
did not get his cattle. The man who
was his partner went further than Syd
ney and never came back. When Tyson
got to Sydney he found he had no money
bo he -went back. He followed the Murray
River, walking and living on fish and
game. When he Btruck across country
he was lost and nearly starved to death.
Then when he arrived at his employer's
they were having station trouble with
the natives. No one who Is not an Aus
tralian can quite comprehend what the
black fellows are. They are worse than
She Is an Orphan and Was Feeding Her Chickens on a .Moun
tain Farm When the Lawyer Searching for Her Brought
the .News From Jlustralia.
Bayß tfoe Big Fortune .Has Brought Jiep Un happiness, Because She <Nevep Felt So "Lonely" Before.
snakes. They are the meanest, lowest,
most indecent animal in existence. They
have not one good trait.
"Tyson was a leader In the 'round-up,'
which is called the blackest spot in the
history of Australia. To his dying day
Tyson believed heartily that those dozen
squatters did a service for which they
should have been publicly honored by
their countrymen. Tn ridinj? over his
raiiße the son of a cattleman was killed
by natives. Hla murder was but one of
dozens, unprovoked and without cause.
The squatters decided to take matters
into their own hands. They formed a
cordon and drove all the black fellows,
men, women and children, into a pad
dock, just as they rounded up cattle,.
Then they phot every living; one of them.
It ended the troubles with the natives
for a time even more effectually than the
poisoning had done a few years before.
Mr. Tyson'P first year? In Australia were
filled with reverses which would have
overcome ;t weaker man. but he held on.
His dream in early years was to own a
cattle station of his own. Once he had
enough money saved from five years of
hard labor to set up for himself on the
Blllytong River. He had purchased part
of his bullocks, when the bank where his
money was deposited failed. He lost ev
ery penny and had to go back to work.
Three times misfortune took every -cent
from him. Then came the discovery of
gold in the Bendigo mines. Tyson started
at once for 'the diggings, but not with a
shovel. He bought all the bullocks he
could and drove them toward the mines.
There he sold them at an Immense profit,
and then bought more and sold them. He
bought cattle wherever he could and
drove them to the mines, and that was
the beginning of his fortune. Then he
bought land and droves of sheep and cat
tle, and everything he touched prospered.
He had no idea of his wealth. When he
pnld his beeves he sent the money to his
agents in Sydney and they bought la.ml
and built blocks for him. He would go to
Sydney only when he was obliged to
do so.
"I tried to get him to do the town once,"
Mr. Wilson said, "but he would not. To
ward night he got on his Horse as usual
and rode outside the town. He foiind
an open place and under a tree lay down
on the ground with his saddle for a pil
low. On questions of religion his creed
was as pimple as the rest of his life, and
he cared nothing of what people said of
him. It ain't my business,' he used to
say. 'I do what I think in seriously right.
I stand to tnke my chance, and I am not
afraid.' I once asked him if he were
happy in his lonely life, for he lived
alone in his cabin, owning the land for
scores of miles in every direction. His
repiv W&8: 'You see. the fun is In the little
gamp. Every man who chooses has vis
little game, with a fair chance of winning
if he keeps straight. Tt ir, better worth
his while to do what he thinks is seri
ously right. If ho does not he is bound
to lose. Yes, T have had my little game
and enjoyed it, and I am as happy as
most people.'
"Mr. Tyson never married, and never
Haw but one woman he wanted to marry.
He had not the nerve to even suggest it
to her. He saw her only twice, and yet
all bis life he kept her image with him—
his idenh
Mr. Wilson, who knew the old man.
James Tyson, as well as any one could
know him. says his niece is not unlike
him in appearance and character. Going
to Australia so young. Mr. Tyson grew up
to be a typical Australian of the class
that is almost extinct. Simple, frugal,
honest, he had no use for the money he
amassed. Tie was a man more than six
fpet in height, he had never been sick in
his life, and was wont to boast that he
had never slept In a city, never worn a
white shirt, never washed with soap-he
used sand— never been inside a church, a
theater, a school or a public house. He
considered a church just as bad as a pub
lic house, if not worse. A clergyman was
to him an unfathomable mystery. As New
South "Wales increased in population a
church was nepded on one corner of Mr.
Tysons land where a village had grown,
up. After a great deal of discussion, it
was decided to fisW Mr. Tyson to help the
church, though he had never been known
to give away money.
"Yes, I'll help you," he replieJ. "Send
me the bill for the whole thing. I'll pay
it, but don't come to me again." He wrote
out a check forthwith not only fir the
cost of the church and furnishing but also
for a year's salary for the rector. The
next year the trustees of the church asked
Mr. Tyson's assistance again. The old
man was very angry. "I gave the Al
mighty a house. ' If he can't take care of
it he is not worth helping." he said, and
not another cent would he give.
"Mr. Tyson had no idea of the value or
the .power of his wealth. He cared not
a bit what was done with the money
which his fortune earned.
" 'You know about handling the stuff,'
he would say to his lawyers 'just you
buy whatever wnl pay best.'
"lie never questioned the investment. He
wore to the end shabby, ready-made
clothes— the cheapest in the market. His
cabin he cared for himself, and never,
unless under the most urgent circum
stances, would he sleep away from home.
"We often tried to get him to make his
will, but he would put us off with a
chuckling laugh.
" 'You lawyers know everything. You'll
miss mr> and want sompthing to do when
I'm dead. You can find some one who
wll! take the money and things off your
hands.'
"It was only after his deßth that we
found that he had come from Argyle.
He never spoke about his antecedents."
"Now he is dead and gone, and the only
living relative he has In the world will
go out to inherit his millions.
"I do not know what I'm going to do
yet," she said. "I shall Rive everything
they can use to the friends who have been
kind to me.
"Mr. Wilson says that will scarcely be
one day's Income. T suppose T shall get
used to having so much money. Some
times I like to think how rich I am or
shall be. but I never" felt so lonely in my
life. I am going to travel, and I shall
study and have masters and all that— l
do not know what else.
"There is so much— it is more than T
can understand. Now that T can have
everything 1 do not know what I want."
If you cannot understand why your
toothache grows as the sun sinks below
the horizon, and why, when you are lying
in your bed, tearing pains in your ears,
head and eyes are added to your miseries,
read what Dr. Goldschelder has to say in
the Journal of Nursing.
"Light." says the professor, "has a
quieting' effect on the nerves; hence it
heals more and quicker than do medi
cines. It plays a very important part in
the pathology of pain. This is especially
noticeable by persons addicted to worry,
or those who are in any way oppressed.
Their seemingly jolly disposition during
the day is completely transformed as
night draws on; while in bed they become
greatly distressed, and insomnia is the
result. Such persons usually find tempo
rary relief by lighting the gas or by sit
ting up till the gray light of the morn
begins to appear.
"There are any number of persons who
cannot sleep without the sun's rays beam
ing directly down upon them. These per
sons have acquired this as a habit from
■ heir youth.
"But it is a poor rule that does no*
work both ways. The darkest night hal
its Rood qualities, for there are headaches
which Will not disappear until all tht
light is excluded from the room the pa
tient is in. Nervous, excitable persona
when their state of excitement becomes
unendurable, will find wonderful relief if
they sit for only a quarter of an hour ir
a room completely darkened. Therefore,
in such cases, a total relaxation from
work several times during the day is es
pecially to be recommended."
There Is no plant which animals so de
test as the castor-oil plant. A goat will
starve rather than eat it, and those de
stroyers of everything green, the locust
and army worm, will not feed upon It.
\ blind bat avoids wires and obstruc
tions as easily as if it could see per
fectly.
1920
How I Detect Forged Signatures
Eperia: to the Hunday CaT*.
■ v HOFSFSOH DANISL. T. A'hiES is
D- as the foremost authority
Z-^ in the cotptnr on questtaM p^* I*f1 *-
f- jutc-d haryiwritirg. In the t^rtr
*■■ odd rear, over which his experi
c-ce ex-ends, he has been consulted in
tcme «» case 3 - the nO * t
__. CT^ that have turned en Ques-
S«: S of disputed handwriting. He w*s
cr,- of the experts called in to pass upon
-he" celebrated l!orey-Gar£eld letter and
the Cadet WbUaJrer ca £ » at vr«rt Potet:
the Ft:r •k'.W -cte in San rraticlscc. wh!cb
involved estate of CO.M9.GW; the Hun
ter-Long forgeries in Philadelphia, th- re
cent Botkln murder triai in Saa Fras
cisco ur.d the more recent MoUoeos caee
in New York. He was also ore cf the
eleven experts in different localities con
cuJted in the Dreyfus case.
Zi.'. Ames studied law in his earlier
years, has been a teacher of basdwrltog
arid is himself an expert penman.
-^e'ei^r* has unusual qua lif. cat ions for
gi'-.-ir-E'esp-rt testimony ir. le?ai cases in-
Toivtag matters of hand vrri ting. -^r
Arr.es for a long time wa* a recent of
N*.»- Tork C;ty. but xarsr ma^ts h.s bcao>
c'-ar.ors in San Francisco. He is at pres
ent er.^ed in the preparation cf a .-cck
en the;"Sdence cf . Kar.dwr.ting ai>d the
Detection of Ferrer;.-." in which he is em
bodylng the rfs-j:-.s of his long experience
arc' trained observat-oc
Svery year sees ar. increase in the num
ber of (important drtl and criminal cases
that tcmlcm tjoestlona cf disputed ha-d
--■w-r" 1 '? In '-* J ;aEt twelve months my
own? office h&s been consulted in over ISO
o j.- t h er2 Two cf th-r-se in which I have
appeared rer-r.f.y— the Bctkln tr.al in srn
PrapcJsco and the Mo'ineux case ir. New
Ycrk--re:atec to the crime of rccrder. In
tr.V latter J n f:: £f it has gone, the only
oonvindEg testimony brcught out is that
sf" haadwritirg txperts. five cf whom
agreed ir. pr:ncuncirg acirers en a
potocn package BdasJttea in evidence to
be In the hand cf the accuseds man.
In exswer to the question. "Z>3 ysu ccn
eicer that the identity d 2 amad«rrltta« cets
t-e det-ermir-ei beyond the r<;FEibility cf
rr-hf taker* Mr. Ames replied unhesitEt
isgiy "I do." If I cru'd net say that I
wcuii r.ct go en the witness stand arj-3
give t**s tire onv Trr.ich —~. *.' help to con-
- _ _ . .
■ ■
■ - - - -
- -
... .
- -
. . . . rttlag
- - - - .
'. - - ■ -
•" : ■
■
--■.- T - - - -
• -
-
I«o 3£an Signs His Name Twice Alike
■
i ■
for exai
rlghl
■ • r -i a left
To Make the Orange So Hardy
That It Will Defy Jack Frost
Agricultural Department Hcpes to Revolutionize the Culture cf tY)z Fruit by . larricge of Different Varieties.
E;-ecls: to The Sunday Call.
~r AC?I FRO3T :s the deadly enemy
I of the orange industry. lie is not
I content with invoking his mighty
of tbe 01
T j power to keep the cultivation cf
that luscious and golden-hued fruit
within the limited confines of Flor
ida and Southern California, but he occa-
E^r.aiiy invades that semi-tropical terri
tory an"3 Wows his blighting breath en
the unprotected orange blctsoms, with
Clmiz'j'is resuits.
tore. 1
• ■
• - •
-
-
Those interested In the orange-growing
Industry are watchicjf with hopeful ex
pectation the experiment* now in progress
at the Ijepartment of Agriculture, which
contemplate the enlargement of the
orar.g«t-jiro<iucin? regions. It i» poEsible,
auQ quite probable, that science ■will point
the way to the cultivation of oranges of
the very beti quality and flavor, which
ir.ay be successful!}' and profitably grown
not onr.v in ail -■-'--
States, but a-so !rs the Esft?m and n:iddle
fiivlsior.s cf the United States.
•ThtQCgb the courtesy of Mr. Herbert J.
and Mr. W. T. EwlngJe. of tbe
vegetable pathological division of the de
partnient; I was permitted to visit the
botbcTase* of tne department, where the
experiments in orange culture are in
progress. The work is inter:??:!:.- Interest
ing, and thus far the resi-.itß have been
exceedingly encouraging !n the direction
.of gncc*«gfaHy comfcatirf the deadly as
saults of the Monarch of Ice J-and.
The Intention is to "marry" the beauti
ful and voluptuous Ir.dian River orange
J str.d golden fruit of that general variety
tr.d quality to the hardy Japanese trifo
liate orange (citrus trifollata). A combi
nation, of their respective qualities,
the process of hybridization, is
expected to produce the de'ired results
anJ perhaps revolutionize orange culture.
Thus far the experiments are the In
fantile ■-.£<?. as th« hybrids exhibited to
• ise are Ecarcely two years old. The gen
eratlon of an orange tree is five y<?ar*
hence It will be three years more b«fori>
the fruit from these hybrids -will show th»?
practical effects of the crossing of the tw.i
somewhat extreme varieties of th*>
golden fruit
"We- do not expect to grow ©rat Sri
{jj fl ice-bound regions of the Klondike,"
said Mr. TVc-bber. "nor do we expert to
crowd all of the rammer resorts off the
Jersey coast and transform that mos
quito-producing section of country into a
flourishing orange grove, but our experi
ments warrant us In believing that we
may be able to produce a marketable va
riety of oranges, which may be grown
considerably farther north than at pres
ent Understand. I do not mean to say
that we expect to grow oranges of the
finest quality and flavor as far north as
New York. I am Justified in believing-,
however, that we may in the course of
Time- be able to extend the orange pro
ducing area as far north as Georgia, and
probably South Carolina."
In the meantime Mr. Webber had con
ducted me into his orange experimental
station, located In one of the greenhouses
of the department. It was carefully lock
ed and protected, and the temperature
was about 70 degrees. The benches were
filled with plants, averaging about three
feet in height. There were find speci
mens of the trifoliate, the Florida orange
and the hybrid, the latter showing the
effects of the crossing or hybridization in
a combination of the characteristics of
the parent plants.
In view of the great Injury caused to
Daniel T. Jlmes. the .Most Famous .Hand-
Writing Expert in Tfjis .Country.
Explains the Secrets of .His Craft,
J one with a broken cote. To find a. per
• son with two of these mud re-quire prob
' ab-T 280^)09 people; three of them 1.9W.0W;
j four of them IQOMQJXf*- Ore possessing all
i cf th^m might not be found in the er.tire
!1 «M Wj.WJ people on earth. Precisely
j Jr , e same with different hand writings —
■ the peculiar and ci s tin gui shins charac
i teristics cf one would ao more be present
1 in' others than would the personal Ctmn
! terparts cf the authors be found in other
I individuals.
•'lt is more rarprlalngr. 1- -" ---• thought.
i to be told that no person ever ggns his
S name even tisice alike. Of course, tbeo
\ retic£tly, it cannot be saifi that it is im
] possible fcr a person to write his name
; twice exactly in the same manner. A
.' person casting dice might throw double
i cces c hundred time* cor.6*cutively. Bat
; who wculd not act en the practical c*l"
--1 taints th;.t i£e Boa were loaded as be
:: fere the hundredth throw tv reached la
'such a case? The came reasoning ap
i plies to the matter of handwriting with
I added force, because the chance of two
| sismatures beirg exactly alike Is incora
| pß.rs.bly less thas the chance of the sujk
j pesed - ... cf the c!re~
j "This point came op in the Howland will
\ case, tried in New Bedford. Mass esme
I years ago. Three -.■.--• a '-•-■■
' were exactly alike. Forgery was alleged.
• Professor Pierce of Harvard, who was
ctlled to give expert testimony In the
: Cc.se, catered ir.to an elaborate mathe
! mntical calculation to find bnt how many
times, on the' .-= of ch2r.ee. it would
be necessary fcr a man to write his rig
i niture before he would have three exactly
! alike. He found the number to be -*& '
i [KOJXBJCBBJXGJDO2J9&. This is" a figure con
': siderably higher than a man could reach
t if he devoted himself €xclusive3y to the
i ti.sk oxVtfgrini his r.ame for an ordinary
\ lifetime- Of c:'jt?? "the number cf chances
; cf identical repetition would be mnltipUed
• cr diminished ecrcrdir.g to the cumber of
■ -.--■--- but in any
ev^rt T?>*> possibility of exact repetition
■ would be too remcte to be taken ir.to con
; siderancn. It follows. Therefore, -hat an
! identical reprod'iction of a signature is a
prima facie --■■-.
"P^t^ab'.v sa:y persona will not believe
that* it is" impossible for them to write
tbeir own names twice alike. For them
it will be an inter? sting experiment to re
peat their signatures. say i» time?, writ
ing them on various occasions and unc>r
different circumstarsccr, and ther: to com
->are" the result. It is safe to say that
; they will hardly find two of these which
: do not present some differences, even to
their eyes, and under the examination cf
■ a trained observer, aided by the micro
scope! these divergencies stand out ten
-
Individuality in Writing.
"Many cas-cs of forgery hinge on this
< point, the forger having ■■_---
; person's signature by tracirg one in r.'.s
I possession. 1 "! but such attempt? are'a!way=
i more eaev to detect than those la which
' the forger carefully imitates another's
I ha~d. The latter is the usual procedure.
i We forger secures fxarr.p'.^s of the s:g
--: natwe cr writirig which he des:r<=s to -n-
I i-ate Th*-n he practices on it. trying to
: reproduce all its striking peculiarltieß. la
\y-?- way he eometJnses arrives at a re
semblance fo close as to deceive even its
victim. S* lll there is always present
rang and lemon trees in Florida, Louie
lana and California, by occasional visits of
the Frost King, ail mankind- would be
benefited if oranges and lemons of a de
sirable quality and favor, which are more
resistant to cold than any now existing,
ccuid be produced. By an expansion of the
orange-growing territory the competition
in the orange market would be broadened
and the price? cf the delicious fruit would
be ..... r^-dured to the general con-
Fumer. The principal object of the experi
ments now going en at the Department
of Agriculture is to extend the orange
growing industry bo that the supply may
Mow the Orange Can Be Hade Hardy.
The above illustration, furnished by Herbert J. Webber of the Agricultural
Department, shows the effects of the hybridization and the. predominating
characteristics of the three varieties of orange plants much better and in a
more lucid manner than a detailed technical statement. Illustration No. 845
Fhows the plant of the common sweet orange; illustration No. 772 shows the
Intermediate or hybrid: illustration No. 78) shows the trifoliate. The trifoliate
orange is expected to furnish the frost-resisting qualities. It is a sturdy plant
which grows quite bountifully in Maryland. Virginia and Pennsylvania. Its
fruits are small and of little value except for preserves It is, however, de
ciduous and bo hardy that it can be grown without protection as far north as
Philadelphia. ;-
THE SA^ .FBAK CISCO CALL. SUNDAY, MARCH . 26. 1899.
seme internal evidence to prove that the
...... work of the person to
whom it is attributed- ■■-.■
--reveal the identity of the person who
actually ... It, if specimens cf his nat
ural harjd are to be had for comparison.
It is impossible for a marj to carry in his
mind end to reproduce .... all the
peculiar characteristics of another man's
wr-.tir.gr, ard at the same time to conceal
all his own. At some point there is cer
tain to come a slip when the habit of
years assorts itself and gives the testi
mony which cay Sx the whole pr0duc
......... beyond the Ehacow cf
a doubt-
There was a go&d illustration of this in
the Fair "Bill case, -which was one of the
greatest forgeries ever &■■' — ia this
country, involving, as It did, the disposi
tion of an estate of nOJNJM. The f crger
wa« familiar -with Fair's handwriting and
had a number of examples cf it to gnide
hi» •work. In the main -.-- forged ■*-...
la a fair approximation to the mlllicn
aire's own band, although (Ml of tell-tale
evidences of its true nature. But if ether
evidence had been lacking, there was a
single tetter in one, word which was suf
ficient to preve the pa .-• character of
the document.
"When the forger came to -write the lat
ter 'q' he evidently ad no example of
Fair's *<;■ to so by. He hesitated over
the matter, for there is a distinct break
between the *q* and the preceding letter
in the word "bequeath. 1 .- ■ length he
made a conventional **q" and went on
with his imitation cf Fair in the remain
ing letters cf the word. The same fcrm
of the 'q' is repeated wherever the for
ger had occE.sicTi to use the word in the
remainder of the document. This -»ra«
damning evidence. It happened that
Fair wrote a peculiar '<? and never va
ried its form. The difference is plainly
evident in the accompanying picture.
Fair could --■■-.- written the 'q' as
it appeared in the ccr.irsted document,
srd the ...... made all .......
rrs.rt7ir.g by '.he clc-s" resemblance in the
remainder of the word.
*Tlie Ihtie Things a:* the or** that count
; most with the handwritirg expert in mak
ing his exsm!r.?.tior.s. for the --------
they are no less characteristic than the
mere premin^nt peruiiarities and are
more likely to be overlooked by the per
son who tries to cisETJise hi? hand. The
crossing ef t's and the dotting of I's be
come matters vf large moment in mak
irg comparisons of disputed handwrit
ings. Th«"re is probably no matter in
conjunction with a man's ordinary ...
ing to which he sires l»ss thourht than
the way he makes these crosses ar;d dots.
Fcr that reason they are In the highest
' degree characteristic. And it is precisely
: becau?" of their apparent'}- siicht impor
■-.-■■ person who sets cut to
imitate another's handwriting or to dis
guise his own is Jikely :o be careiess
abont thes° little marks and to make slips
which tvil! be FufSdent to prove his iden-
A Forger Who Wrote Too Well.
"Imitations of s'gratures are usually
written In ■•■-;- and palnßtaklng
manner. Tbey are. therefore, decidediy
ur;!i3:e a man's natural signature, wbkh
is usually written In an fasy fashion. The i
imiie'Jons show frequent pauses, irregu- '
be 1 • that 1 - •
■ ■ -
- - ....
- -
At present the trifoliate orange tree is
used In hedge growing to a greater extent
.... £S a fruit producer- It is said lo be
superior to the Osage orange for hedge
purposes. Experiments have already
demonstrati-'i that hybrids may. be made
successfully between the trifoliate and
the good varieties of oranges and 'lemons
commoniy prown.
Seme of ihese hybrid plants show by
their Irregular trilobed leaves that they
la I H mm in pen pressure and in the distri
bution of ink and contain other evidences
of hesitation. Not infrequently the for
ger tries to Improve on his work by re
tourhing some of the letters after he has
completed ... ilicroscopic exami
nation brings out all cf these things «■*
makes them tell-tale witnesses.
"One common error cf the forger who
j sets out to imitate another's signature
j Is in exaggerating the peculiarities amd
j uricTJe features cf the original. There was
: a striking instance of this in the Collcm
j Blaisdell case, in Minneapolis. Blaisdell
; was a wealthy contractor and Collom was
\ Ida lawyer. Blaisdell had a peculiar - -'-
i nature, that of a heavy, untutored hand
i little . .... to writing. Ccllom was
j ... with the signature. "SVhen, as
'■ was charged, he set out to forge his
■ client's name, he naturally imitated this
: peculiar writing as clcsely as he could.
But. being a better writer than Blaisdell,
'< tee had -difficulty in carrying out this at
tempt- In striving to reproduce the
tremor which appear? in Blaisdell' 5 signa
; ture he overdid th* matter."
A statistician, who evidently did not think
i Lxpe-t Daniel T. Ames es pz Acpcs.-s in court Illustrating Hs Work.
enough of crcllre to include it in his sum
ming up. has estima:*d that an averac>
maji of 39 >eais> c: zze has worked ©JO
(Jays, has skj,i 6000. has amused himself
4-OQ, h&? wanied C,fi9S mik-s. has been ill
,Vi da>s. has ranak^n of &UH3Q mea:«.
eaten IS.&OO pounds cf m*-at. ard 4S»»
poaods of nsh. «^eps and vegetables, and
drenk ~Wi gallons of 2uid-
ere in termed I In character between the
parent.?, and do not exhibit the over
whelming preponderance of one or the
Gther parfr.t shown by the hybrids of the
orarce and pomelo. If these hybrids are
produced in sufficient numbers it may be
reasonably expected that among them
may t»e found some having the cesired
< combination of characters — that Is, the
hardiness of the trifoliate orange and the
sice ax o.ua!!ty of frail of the ordinary
orange and lemon.
In undertaking to hybridize orange
plants due rerartl 1= given to the fact that
in many -•-■-- and pis
tils, when in the same flower, mature at
different times. In manipulating orange
flowers mature buds, nearly ready to
open, ire selected. The tips are carefully
pried apart until the stamen's are exposed.
In these flowers the anthers are attached
to the filaments by very slender threads,
which are easily brcken. so that the sim
plest method cf removing the stamens is
to pull them off with fine pointed forceps.
To croEE fertilize the orange it is neces
eary to open the flower buds a little pre
maturely, before the stamens have al
lowed the pollen to escape, and fertilize
the -•!rrr.a and cut the stamens out.
Then transfer the pollen from the other
species to the stigma by means of a
brush, stick or blowpipe.
During the process of emasculation
great care must be exercised ... open
the stain era and accidentally pollinate the
Bower. The flower selected for emascu
lation and hybridization should be full
ylred. Th - on the end of a twig fre
quently fruit best. -■--.- every in
stance the hybrids show greater vigor, en
larged growth and more fruit-bearing
characteristics than the parent plants. In
tome of the hybrids the characteristics
of the common orange predominate In
others the ruggedness of the trifoliate is
more marked. The majority of the hy
brids, however, show such gratifying re
sults as to justify the Secretary of
Agriculture to stimulating and encour
aging the pending experiments to the full
extent of the resources of the department.
The results looked for cannot be accom
plished without the exper. re of consid
erable time, patience and money. It may
be ten, fifteen or twenty years before the
combination sought for materializes .
These experiments are not confined to the
orange, but crosses In grape fruit, lime?,
lemons and th« dainty tangerine are
undergoing scientific process, fd that re
markable transformations are liable to
occur in this particular department of the
vegetable kingdom. -'.-%*>
Among the possibilities is a successful
cross of the juicy.. and seedless ravel or
ange with the loose-skinned tangerine. A
nation of these two choice varieties
of the golden fruit will tend to Increase
the consumption of oranges in the upper
as well as the lower classes of society.
At present oranges on a dinner table or
at a. reception are used largely for decora
tive purposes. It is too much trouble for
the ordinary guest at social functions to
bother with an orange. Besides, the in
conveniences attending 'he removal of
the skin are greater than the pleas! - of
eating the fruit, so that a hostess is apt
to have but few requests for oranges from
her guests. A combination of the lus
clouyhess of the navel variety and the
easily removed skin of the tangerine
would undoubtedly increase the popular
ity, of the orange at swell social functions.
Within a few weeks Mr. "Webber will
proceed southward with some of the well
developed hybrids and plant them at va
rious points In Florida and Georgia to test
their hardiness. The plants to be thus
tested are about two years old, and they
are expected to begin bearing fruit within
the next two or three years. Their de
velopment will be eagerly noted by all the
orange-growers of the country who are in
sympathy with the movement to produce
an orange tree that will withstand the
treacherous touch of frost.
Remarkable Career or J. J. Haley
Just a Few of tbe Big Things He Did in a
Quiet Way to Sl?ape tfje Affairs of
This City and State.
TOJUi J. HALET, who died In San
1 Francisco on the 2T<th tot., bad a
I career so remarkable and tad so
Uco on ti -«.. »
careCT- so remarkable an 4 bad co
T I large a part in placing several en-
II t«rpii»M> .' national importance on
a p^-cfitable basis tfc&t public notice
EhoEld b« taken of his work- He organ
ized tbe first electric telegraph company
of the world, collected the capital for
•■ - -• -• -- ■
Uae-^tsat from WashlEr^n « New Or '
: Sf-ars. He tvas an .... Central
! Pacifc Kailroscl Company for twenty
j y«-ais and or. two different occasions
: saved Stanford and his associates from
| crcai less. But for him they trouid have
■ been defeated at the election for a s-jb
! f:dy 5n San Franc'.rco. and but for him
I the payment und^r • that subsidy woaW
have t-pen dr-iayt-d until th»>y woold have
ixrer. coaepHiec to sell a majority of tneir
Ftock to San Francisco capiiaii=t3 for
1 2 . : > '-.•/<&•). thus losic? the control of a fran-
chi?'? that aft^r^-ard directly andi!nlir?ct
ly yieldfd tr.tm a prof:: of at lea?: $39.
--fIOCJSO. He pianred the California street
<abJ<? read fend th& road? of the Market
street cab 2*» system, which have paid
zni«licr;s cf dcliars to their stockholders
•arid have core much to give the best
: street cars of the worSJ to this city. He
; Ciil rcany other notable things and was
■ a typical ATnerican speculator, organizer
-
A native of Scarboro, Me., and grandson
of a Scotchman who came to America, in
ITST>. Kali-y received a common school ed
ucation and as a poor boy became a
baker's apprentice. When he had learned
his trade, at the age of 21, he went tc
New York City and there found work.
H:s employer trusted him and sent him
rotmd to collect bills, and then ser.t him
into the country to collect, payics him
not a salary, but a percentage. In the
second yfar Haley had enough money to
start a bskery of his own.
_After Haley had been a baker in New
lork for seven years, with no thought
...... but a baker, an unex
pected incident turned his er.ereies in an
other direction and led him to" become a
builder and manager of an electric tele
graph. The line from Washington • i Bal
timore, thirty miles long, constructed by
a Congressional appropriation for the pur
pose of testing the practical value of a
r\ B. Morse's invention, succeeded In the
transmission of messages, but failed In
the payment of expenses.
"With this idea in the autumn of 1544
Morse went to New York to orz-anis" a
company that should build the proposed
extension. He was accompanied by two of
his partners— Amos Kendall of Ken
tucky, who had been Postmaster General
and F. O. J. Smith of Maine, an ex-mem
ber of Congress and a distinguished man
in hjs own State. These three notables
were received with much courtesy by the
leading capitalists and merchants of th»
metropolis, but there their success ended.
After the partners had spent several
weeks to; the city and had appealed in
vain to all the leading business men. men
whom they supposed were leaders, they
agreed that It was useless to continue
solicitations there or to undertake otfao-s
elsewhere. The time, they saw. had not
come for the organization of a telegraph
company. Kendall announced his Inten
tion of going back to Ktntuckv and Smith
prepared to return to Main*. The latte
v.ent to say good-by to his cousin Mrs
John J. Haley, and whiie making hi* fare
well call told her of his pian and di«^p
pointment. Mr. Haley happened to be
present, listened with muca interest and
then asked questions to learn precisely
what the electric telegraph was and how
Morse and his part:.- - had tried to get
subscriptions, to whom they had applied
and what were the reasons for the refus
als. Having satisfied his curiosity, he
said: "Mr. Smith, I can get that sub
scription " for you to-morrow morning "
Through a certain political knowledge
Haley succeeded. Haley also closed sev
eral gaps in the telegraph circuit and also
worked through a line to New Orleans.
A.'-: completing the line to New Or
leans Haley returned to New York, where
he was managing director of the Morse
lines until ISO*.
! Having no desire to return to the baking
! business in New York, and seeing no en
i ticing opportunity there to invest Ida
j mon*y, he determined to try his luck in
! California, He sold out his stocks in the
' Brooklyn ferry and his real estate—ln
i eluding forty acres in Brock'.vr.. said to
j be now worth 110.000,00*— bought machln-
Uery and supplies for a quartz mill and
early in 1*62 started for California, bring
ing with him $90,000 in cash. He found a
'quartz mine near Jamestown, In Tuolumne
1 County, bought it and started to erect a
i roiJ!. and got rid of nearly all his money
• before the mill was finished, and then he
j was satisfied that his mine was worthies*.
i He knew nothing of mining or mill man
' agement, and the venture did no credit to
bis judgment.
It was necessary for him to make a
new start, and he decided to return to bis
trade. He hunted a place for a shop In
San Francisco and found it on Commercial
street, then the chief thoroughfare of the
city, because it had the "long wharf."
where most of the bay and river steamers
'• and sloops had their landing places. East
of Battery on the north side of Commer
cial was a restaurant In a or.e-story
wooden building, shabby Inside and out.
The proprietor, discouraged and jrlad to
find a purchaser, sold nut house, fixtures.
. stock on hand and the lot, 55 feet front
I and 60 deep, for $10,000, and Haley took
* immediate possession, tore down the
; house, built a new one with brick, with
an excellent oven, and soon opened a res
taurant that was the most stylish in the
city. The oven was large ana was man
aged by Swain, who excelled In bread
cakes and pies, and afterward made a for
tune in a similar establishment of his
; own.
( Haley opened his Boulevard Restaurant
•on the Ist of February. 1&3. and soon
found that he had struck a good lead.
"Within a week receipts ran up to $400
r a. day. and not long afterward he cleared
I ,000 in one month.
But business and pop*Jla tJoa we.c, «-
ing to the northward. and the Rues. Occi
dental and Lick House, which *«*•■£
hare soperfor attractions or s:ze «a .Po
sition, had been commenced cr pla—.eo.
He sold out for CO.OW. put part ol n-s
money into 509 acres or land at $*> an
acre. 'including Hunters Point, at Scu.ii
San Francisco, and then bought the Caseo
gold quartz mine, in Amador cou~o.
where be lost HffT.vOO i? Jess time than he
had taken in making it. __ __
Having been dm en back to san *****
Cisco, he opened a broker's office dealt .n
real estate and freer backs and *&*££
la led in land. He planned the South sa.
Francisco Homestead Association, studied
out plans for giving more convergent ac
ce« to the land south of Islais Cove, per
suaded Henry F. Williams to become the i
head of the new organization, and so.d
his Wi acres at Hunters Point to it for
H59.000 under the condition that he shcUd
contribute one-hair of this sura to aid the ,
construction cf a wagon road and horse
railroad, -with bridges across Mission ani
Islais coves, thus giving direct roads from
the business strict of the city to t«e
eastern parts of the Potrero and of t-e
point beyond It. The bridges had an ag
gregate 'length of a. mile and a Quarter,
and' a= the new road was hard ana j
smooth it became a favorite drive It ad- .
vertised the southern portion c» the city j
and diverted capital and speculation in ,
that direction. _ • ., \
Besides £-•■■--• JC.OOO profit ost o. -is
Hunters Point Investment Haley Baa
added mu'-h to the value of his 100 acres.
which in ISO he divided up into lots, call
ed the Haley Tract, and soid it for Cw.
-o*o. leaving more than Sr».&» above all
costs and expenses. Mr. O'Xell. wno nad
tome adjacent land, put it into Haley «
har-ds and he sold it as the Haley & ,
O'Neil Tract, and also sold the Ha'ey ,
purchase, comprising forty acres beiong
tag to John B. Felton. Mr. Haley made \
Ca-OCO net out of the last named tract.
About his profit on the one before it I j
have no information. « ]
This restless man was persuaded In
1889 that he could greatly enlarge his for
tune by buying and managing a silver ,
mine in Eastern Nevada and fee jumped
Into the new business with characteristic '
energy- The result was the same as In j
his previous mining ventures; he speedily
lost nearly ail that he had saved in year 3 j
of labor. Again he returned to San Fran
cisco and reopened his office as a broker, ■
dealing mainly in real estate, in which he
continued until he employed in 1*.2 :
by the Central Pacific Railroad Company.
to which he had rendered very important
services eight years previously.
The Legislature of Calif -.'ma in 1553
adopted a bill providing that if the people
of fe^n Francisco consented at a special j
election the city should subscribe VJfiJiA
to th«- stock cf " the Central Pacific and '
HB6JOM to that of the Western Paci-c. the ;
latter to connect San Francisco with Sac- !
ramer.to Ly way of San Jc-se. Niles and !
Stockton. When the time came for tr.e
popular vote on the question of the sub- .
sidy the business men. dry cff.ciais and
cewspapers -were bitterly Hostile to tbe
project. The laborers generally were wili- ■
ing to vote money for anything that
would give employment to many men. |
zrA, therefore, were in favor of the sub- i
Fidy. but th*-ir feelings had not been ad
vised by speeches or journalistic advo
cacy of* the railroad scheme, and there
fore many cf them did not feel like going
to the polls. The man who had been in
trusted with th* mans cement of the cam
paign for tbe Central Pacific did not un- :
derstand such business, and by injudicious
tactics did mere harm than g r »od to the
tau?e. At neon it wa= known that a large
majority of all the ballots cast and nearly
ail the workers at the jk>lls were against
the railroad. The politicians said the sub-'
scription was certainly defeated. .
Mr. Haley, who was not then in the ser
vice of the Central Pacific, heard about
I o'clock of the situation and started out
to retrieve the day. He went to George
H. Hossefross. foreman cf Monumental
Engine Company, an experienced election
worker, to ieam what he thought of the ;
chances. The reply was that the railroad :
was teater. so far, but that with good
mar.sgemer.t and much labor the result]
might be. changed. Fifty go-od men. whom j
be ; could select, would bring thousands to j
the polls, but these men must be pai-d.
Halev had $13W In his safe and asked .
whether it would be enough. Hossefross
thought it -would, and sent out to summon '
his helpers, while Haley hurried to his
office for the cash. The money was spent,
tbe day was won, and a subsidy of *IJX«&.
--(•» was saved from defeat. Haley's in- i
vestment was returned to him and the •
great value of his service was acknowl- '
edged.
Though the people had given a majority
for the subscription, the Supervisors, sup
ported by the newspapers and business
men generally, refused to appropriate
money for the stock, but after much con
troversy offered to compromise and pay
rrW.COii 'outright, without taking stock.
thus avoiding possible responsibility
for debts that might be incurred by
the companies. This proposition was ac
cepted and an order was made for the
payment. But the Auditor. John C. May
nard. refused to draw his warrant, for the
reason that the Legislature had author
ized the city to buy stock, and not give
away money. His course greatly embar
rassed the Central Pacific directors, who.
counting confidently on getting this con
tribution without delay, had made con
tracts to the amount of hundreds cf thou
sands of dollars,, and were then beset by
creditors clamoring for payment and
threatening lawsuits that would brine dis
crrdit on their enterprise, if not force
them into bankruptcy. They applied to
leadine capitalists of San Francisco. Tev
is. Ralston. Reese and others, for loans,
and failne to get them offered to sell a
majority of the shares in the stock of the
Central Pacific, with the control of the
company, for JI.<V».OC*X They were dis
mayed by the rejection of their proposal;
they could see nothing but trouble before
them. Haley heard of the situation and
made an effort to relieve them. Knowing
Maynard well, he went to him and plead
ed the cause of the railroad, spoke of the
popular demand for an iron track across
the continent, of the act of the Legisla
ture .-nd vote of the people promising
heip. of th» debts incurred on reliance In
the good faith of San Francisco, of the
consent of the companies to reduce the
amount of the contribution, of the obliga
tion of the city to keep its contract and of
the Inability of the Auditor to know how
the Supreme Court would decide if this
matter were submitted to Its judgment.
Whether Maynard was convinced by
Haley's argument or by his own reflec
tions" provoked In the course of this con
versation is unknown, but at Its close he
• said • hat he had changed his mind, and
Haley sent word to Stanford, then in Sac
ramento, to come to San Francisco and
get his wariinl Mr. Stanford did not
let the grass grow under his feet after
receiving that amu until he had the
important paper in his pocket. One of
the San Francisco capitalists, having per
haps heard of Mr. Maynard's change of
position, called en Mr. Stanford while In
the city and said he and some asoeiates
had decided to take the majority of the
Central Pacific at the price mentioned.
Stanford replied: "It's too late: we're out
of the woods." The other. whr> h.ivi made
few mistakes in bargains, said that his
refusal to accept Stanford's otter when
first made was "the mistake of his life."
En MSI, when the Central Pacific Com
pany moved its main offices to San Fran
cisco. Mr. Haley was emnlnyfel as a
broker to buy the lots aeeoed for ter
minal crounds. station &n»i offices, and
when hi? purchases had atnountrd to
$2,000,000 he presented his bill for $3dAV\ a
commission of 1 per cent, charge that
was pa:d without objection. Then it tras
thought cheaper to take him into the
service of the company as agent to pur
chase rights of way and manage buslr.e««
before the Supervisors.
While in their service he planned the
cable road on California street fVon
Kcamy to Central avenue, and submitted
his scheme to Stanford, who said it wmm
not a matter for the company, hut he
would take hold of It as a pcWorM In
vestment if Haley would pet subscribers
for one-third of the stock and obtain "
franchise. Having complied with tno«2
conditions Hale? hunted for an encjneer
and found Henry Root, who proved to ££
an excellent man for th« place T'n.Vr
Stanford's direction he built * road much
superior to that on Clay street a Tn<? £«
proved the grip, which, "as nowus^l "l
eludes Inventions of HaUldte. Casebolt
and Root. He also made a subway of
steel and concrete Instead of Wood and
** v t pp r solidity and smoothness of
track. The opening of the road was a
notable event in the development ofsVn
Francisco: It made the fortune of the
"Western Addition " which then sHd.ienlv
: became the favorite place for t he 1 resi
dence of the wealthy and fashionable
j Stanford made more than.KM.OM out of
[his Investment In that enterprise '
-
THE LATE JOHN J. HALEY.
When the directors of the Central P»
--! dfic obtained control of the Western Pi.
ciSc road the terminus in this city was it
the lunction cf Market and Valencia
streets, and connection -with the business
• eerier was made by a steara dummy
' n&micg on Market, from First to Valen
cia street, -with a branch on Hayes street
:to Lacuna. Thi3 dummy road as
• rouphlv built, poorly stocked, had a short
lived franchise, and -was unpopular, be
: cause there were lone- Intervals between
• tralxiS, and many complaints -were made
;' of the use of steam locoraotives on ilar-
I ket street. Stanford was disturbed by the
1 complaints; be saw no prospect cf prour
' in the line after the San Jose station had
moved to Third and Towaseod streets.
' and he considered a street car line be
: neath the dignity cf the Central Pacif c,
i For these reasons he instructed Haley to
; find out the money value of the Market
1 street line and then to hunt m> a jrur
[ chaser.
In accordance with his instructions Ha
. ley studied the value of the property. He
' found out how many people r.ad their
: homes in the southern part of the city.
i how many could get homes there, and
i how much they would cost, and pay for
: transportation to the business center. The
: more he examined the more he disliked
; the project of sellinp out. Ke planned a
cable road. with branches on McAllister.
Hayes. Haizht and Valencia streets, and
after estimating outeo and income de
! cid?d it "was worthy of respectful eonsid
• erati~n by millionaires. He induced them
■ to delay "the proposed sale, but for sev-
I era! years couid net persuade them to re
• build* At last he convinced JHuntinjrtcr.
wh r> r^uested him to attend a. meetirz
at the Central PaciSc Board with his
I plans and estimates. Haley was there
with his paper?, and with his help Hunt
i Ineton induced his associates to consent
1 to" build the Market-street system of ca
ble roads if Haley could get a franenhise
fc- fifty y fc ar=. The reads were built soon
• afterward J and they hare more than ful
: tiled all Mr. Haley's predictions of profit.
After the Haisht-streei branch ' had
• t*en completed to Stanyan street, Mr.
: Half y planned an extension with a rteam
i dummy — the power fc£3 since been
I f-han^d to electricity— to the ocean
i beach; and a^ain he had to advocate his
i scheme for a Ion? time Before he eouid
' convert his employers. Finally ■he built
I the read and he had the satisfaction or
| being publicly tfaaakad tor his leadership
! in this enterprise by Charles Crocker at
j a picnic given near the r.eacn ry tJie ca
rectors -on the opening day.
He had a prominent part in ?ri~--r
i Kentucky street and building- t_e *--ei.~-:
! road to South San Franc-sco. an- a-s-o
with the purchase cf the Mis =t en- street
line and its change from hone ::««■
trie power. When the directors cf t£*
Southern PsciSo fwfejes absorbed the
' Central Paelncj bcurht the illusion Una
and planned Its txtmOan the zrcperty
owners cot -: a scneme to widen and
- '
railroad cempany did not care
the. road was widened cr net, and he cii
not wish to bother himself with their
scheme: hut when he saw --hat they
would probably carry cut their project.
he consented to be one c- the ecm~~s-
Ekmezs if they -orouli allow him to select
an Ssodate. 'thus glvl=s_ tim a pajoriry
of th« beard of three. C-on=:dering ium
irdi=~>ensable to the s-Qccess cf their rian
thev 'accepted his offer, ana the raw* was
widened. To the great distrust of
pro'ectors. the assessments for bere^ts
were all levied on the axyacent lands.
wh?-eas they wanted to €Erow &
rart* of the expense en the railroad- j.hey
Sed to upset the work of the cemmis
crfc-ers but failed ia the courts ep± had
to pay.' Seme Southern Pacif c directors
- for
i
-„♦ =ee~ths.t they had any interest, but
vfeen the litiration came they acknowi
ed*-"«5 that he~had rendered gx>od s-r*.ice.
P^.^, -is:? till ISSS Mr. Haley was the
r-anaeer for the Southern and Central
p^ari"^ and thrir associated street com
gSe^ c? all their complicated business
relations with the dtyVofflcials. He had
so much inf.uer.ee with the tuperriscrs
that he was called the thirteenth mepber
of the board, and had the credit cf bein 5
the moFt inSuential among - them. Ha
made himself familiar with their charac
ter* habits, prejudices, weainesise* and.
srnbltions. and foimd how he could please
i them without exposing: his employers cr
himself to formidable public censure- ± na
newspapers sometimes hinted that he paid
money, but he said that was unnecessary
' and t^des was extremely darg-erous. I o
I the men who helped him he frare cigars.
i wines, lunches and sometimes railroad
', tickets; but usually he relied for succe?s
,on arruments. He said he never askei
' an ofSci&l to do any act that he believed
! contrarj* to the public interest.
On c Tie occasiori a majority cf the Su
; pervisors had declared themselves favor
! able to an ordinance for raising- the rrad-s
!of Market street, between Mason aci
i Stockton, the incres.se of elevation at
I Pcwell street to be a foot and a half.
j This chance would have subjected the
I owners of many buildincs to serious lo=?:
! and these people appealed to Haley for
; help en the cround that the raise wpuM
subject the Market Street Railway to an
expense of at least STo.OOO. Hs cc-nsu-lte-3
; his principals and they said they did not
I want to appear in the matter. It would
t not lock well for them to set up private
i atrainst public interests and, besides, they
did net want n> antagonize the majority
of the Supervisors, The opposir.c prop
erty holders continued to bosie?e~ Halfy.
so he studied the Question. He found that
some of the Supervisors favored the i>rc
; jeet because it would be a benefit to the
| public, ar.d some because it was solicited
|T>y a man whom they wanted to befriend.'
Then he investigated the motives of this
; man and learned thst if th* irrade were
; raised he w-ould be able to collect a debt
! of $3000 which otherwise misrht never be
I paid. Haley went to this man, spoke of
I the litigation that would certainly follow
I the adoption of the ordinance, of* the de
j lay and uncertainty *in the decision, and
! of the possibility that the property hold
! ,- : > would pay the JSXW if the measura
\ were abandoned. This ccntleiaan consent
ed to use his Influence, and at hi« solici
tation throe Supervisors chance\? from
one side to the c.her and the project case
I to an end. The property holders contrib
i uted the Js"»X» and the* Supervisors who
; wanted the char.irf|!n the public Interest
i were jrreatly puzzled to know how the
I thins was done, for they felt sure that
! no money was paid is any of their, col
j lcajrues,
Some years after the larce building used
| for railroad offices was buih on the corner
; of Fourth and Townsend streets & suit
i was instituted against the Oc«:rAl Fa
j cific by a young man who c3aimr>d to own
I a half interest in the property. The com
; pany had paid a fair price for the l&nd
i and had received a oonvoy*nco i:n«ler or
; der of a Probate Court ruVportinc to con
vey all his interest. The money had be.'n
expended for. his benefit, but the lawyer
who examined the papers for the com
pany had overlooked a serious flaw.
Judire Sanderson and Hall McAllister
ajcreed that the vowr* man's title was
jrood in law, and McAllister sai.l that,
counting the back rents, it would be bet
ter that the company shor.W pay $4A).<V>9
than contest the case to final issue in the
courts. The plaintiff lived in Virginia, and
his attorney in New York City. *o some
one had to take a trip across th<? conti
nent to arrange a com prom :.«<». It seems
that as this was a matter cf \e srai techni
cality it should have bc-en intrusted to •
lawyer. but Haley -was selected,
i . . .ONE organ grinder in England
seems about to come Into an earl
dom and one of the proudest es
tates in the British isles.
His name is Viscount Hinton and
he stands a good chance, accord
ing to eminent attorneys, of proving that
he Is the oldest son of the late Earl of
Pculett. In fact, according to the rec
ords, there Is no doubt of this, and the
only difficulty will ba a matter of legal
technicality.
Taken altogether, the story 1b one of
the strangest and most romantlo that has
ever been told even in England, that
country of claimants of titles.
There are several stories in circulation
as to how the late Earl of Poulett came
to marry the mother of Viscount Hinton,
the claimant of the earldom. These
agree rema'kably well in most particu
lars, but th<i one that Js mostly told and
is generally accepted as reliable is as
follows:
In IM9 George Poulett (the late Earl)
was a merry young officer stationed at
Portsea with the Twenty-second Regi
ment of British Infantry.
One night the officers of the Junior mesa
were drinking merrily and got to Joking
about marriage, which they should have
known is no Joke. Poulett remarked:
"Any kind of a girl will do for me." For
he had never married and had no Idea
that he would ever succeed to a title,
"See here," eald a young nobleman;
"I'll bet you £500 you won't go out and
marry the first woman you meet."
"I'll take that," said Poulett. Ho was
in earrf?t, though the other ■wan not. He
was heavily In debt, and feared that his
uncle, the rich Earl Poulett, who had
often come to his assistance with the
money lenders, would not again forgive
his extravagance.
When the mess broke up Pouiett
Bought the man whose bet he had taken
fend said he was ready to start,
"I say. Poulett." eaid the other. "I—
—I — dang it, you know, I wasn't in earn
est: I don't mind losing the £500, but"—
"Are you trying to back out?" sneered
Poulett.
Now, the other man was trying to do
that very thing, and to his last day
vlshed he had done It. But he bit his
lip and said, "I'm ready."
It was early summer. The two young
idiots set out, with a trail of others fol
lowing at a discreet distance, to find Pou
lett's wife. It was very late, or early,
and there were few women in the street.
At last they met one.
"Look here," said Poulett to her;
''what's your name?"
"Lizzie Newman."
Poulett had heard of her. But he said,
sifter a moment's hesitation: "Well, I
Jfc'ant you to marry me, on a bet."
And on June 22, 1849, Poulett was mar
jried to "Miss Elizabeth Lavlna Newman,
daughter of James Newman, a pilot, of
l»ortsea."
THESE MEN HELPED START THE GAME OF BASEBALL IN CALIFORNIA
THE American game of baseball
first saw the light in California
about forty years ago. At that pe
riod the population of the entire
State was less than half a million,
and the leading industries were
gold mining and cattle raising. San Fran
cisco was the center of population and
everything new that came from abroad,
whether it was a new game or a new
dish, was always tried in San Francisco
before it was allowed to reach the inte
rior.
/A few Englishmen from Canada and
Australia Introduced early In the fifties
the old country gamo of cricket, but the
Americans did not take kindly to it. It
was deemed alow in comparison with the
then popular game of rounders, which
had been imported from New England.
Rounders was played with a rubber ball
of great resilience and hard or soft to
suit the taste- of the players, experts pre
ferring a ball almost as hard and as
heavy as lead, for it afforded more fun
when the unlucky runner between bases
had to be "put out," the process of put
ting cut being to hit the runner with the
ball before he could reach the base to
•which he was running. Consequently
the heavier and harder tho ball the more
disinclined would be the put-out man to
eit down and rest himself. There being
no "soaking" in cricket, there was.no real
American fun in it, and the game was
played only by quiet, dignified Britishers.
Out of the game of rounders as played
In California and the East was evolved
the game of baseball. The father of the
national gam© in San Francisco was John
Fisher, a well-known mining man, at.
present retired from business and a prom
inent member of the Pioneers. He and
Fire Marshal John L. Durkee had ob
tained an inkling of the new game as
played in New York, and they, with other
ball cranks, prevailed upon some of the
rounder clubs to try their version of the
now game. Durkee and Fisher made the
only style of ball used in California for
the purpose, it being a sphere of rubber
wound around with yarn and covered
with buckskin. The first regulation ball
and the first set of rules- were brought
to San Francisco from Boston in 1859 by
Martin Cosgrlff. who is now In the re
packing- business on Battery street.
There arrived from New York at about
the same time a Mr. Gelson, who had
played the game in New York and was
conceded to. be the only expert in Cali
fornia at that time.
Fisher, Cosgrlflf. Gclson nnd Durkec. to
gether with Dan Drlscoll, of the Blue
Wing saloon on Montgomery street, ar
c&need a match between the Eacles and
According to this story, which may be
called the theory of the defense, Poulett
did not long live with his wife. A son was
born to her on December 15 of the same
year, who is the present claimant.
But there are those who hold that the
tale of the drunken bet Is too incredible,
and hint that Poulett had known the
woman— everybody knows everybody in a
little town— and had married her under
compulsion and lived with her come five
years.
Still another tale Is that Betty Newman
was a good and pure girl whom Poulett
dearly loved and married, but of whom
in time he tired.
All this matters very little in fact. By
British law, which is American law also,
the boy was born in wedlock and la Pou
lett's legitimate eon. He is now 49 years
old and puts In his claim for his father's
title.
■When Newman, as the- claimant was
called in his younger days, in accordance
with the eettl^ment the Earl made upon
Betty Newman, came of age, he asserted
his claim to the title of Viscount Hinton,
which is derived from Hinton St. George,
an estate of 29.000 acres, which has been
In the family since the fifteenth century.
The Ear', denied the claim, but he asked
the young man to call upon him In this
note, which is in evidence:
Earl Pcraletffl compliments to Lord Hin
ton, end will he be kind enough to call
upon him to-morrow at 11 o'clock at 11
Victoria Mansions, Victoria street?
Lord Hinton promptly obeyed. Arriving
at Victoria Mansions he was shown up
stairs. In the entresol he met his father
for the first time. He was well dressed,
and his address was somewhat haughty
as he broke the Ice by suggesting that
Hinton should go abroad.
Lord Hinton said that he objected to
do bo.
Lord Poulett then suggested that he
ehould drop his title, remarking that titles
were expensive to ke*»p up.
Lord Hinton demurred.
""Well, you will think it over," said the
Earl. "You want some money?"
"Yea."
"Very well; go to Mr. Annesley, my so
licitor, and he will relieve you."
The interview lasted twenty minutes,
and was not over-cordial. But Lord Pou
lett had by implication admitted Hinton's
right to the title which he had asked him
to drop for considerations of economy,
and ho had promised him an immediate
supply of cash.
The reason for this first and only inter
view was this: The Viscount had become
a professional clown and acrobat and had
the Red Rovers, in the year 1559. and the
bases were marked out in old Butcher
town on the Potrero. It was an experi
ment for the boys, and they mixed up
rounders and baseball in tho most ludi
crous way. In running between bases
they expected to be hit with the ball as
iin rounders before being put out. When
a man dropped the bat and started for
the first base h<? m^<le a home run, and
it was difficult to convince him that he
had been put out before he reached the
first base pimply because he missed the
old feeling of pnin under the coat tails,
which in rounders was the infallible
symptom of failure.
For many years the ball was pitched
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 26, 1899.
AN ORGAN-GRINDER WHO CLAIMS A BIG ENGLISH ESTATE.
made one Lydla Sheppy, a ballet dancer,
VlFcountess Hinton. and the Earl did not
wish them to remain In England.
Hinton's career on the stage was un
lucky. On the fifth night of his engage
ment at the Garrick Theater. White
chapel, he fell down a trap. For three
months he was kept alive by being fed
by a spoon, and a bad scar remains on
his face to show whero he was hurt.
It was about this time that Hinton's
first baby came. Tho Dowager Duchess
of Cleveland. Mrs. Poulett. a distant rela
tive, and other ladles were kind to the
young parents, and tided them over tho
bad times.
In 1572 Viscount and Lady Hinton or
ganized a stage troupe of their own. which
failed disastrously. It was alter this, and
aftrr some adventures abroad which have
been briefly referred to. that Hinton set
up a barrel organ. And this ho has con
tinued to play, because it was proiltable
and because It annoyed the old Earl.
It did annoy him! To the day of his
death Poulett came to I^ondon as seldom
as possible, for he knew that when he
came the organ would promptly appear
under his window, with the placard: "I
am Viscount Hinton, etc." conspicuously
displayed thereon and play sweet har
monies.
It's a very good organ, too. The late
E'.iETf-ne Field, who interviewed Hinton
some years ago, wrote that It had five
cylinders, played fifty tunes, and "must
have cost a small fortune."
The Viscount is a slightly built man,
with rather good features marred by dis
sipation. The. Viscountess, who generally
accompanies him, is a faded, bloated,
commonplace woman, blondined and
flashy of a distinctly Inferior type.
The Hintons have made a good living
with their organ. They are popular with
the London public because they are gen
erous to those less prosperous than them
selves, because they are always willing to
"appear for charity." and because the
people, with Innate British love of fair
play, believe that Earl Poulett should
underhand instead of overhand, as at
present. There were no such things as
curves or erratic twists, speed being the
only quality nought after by the pitcher
and the philosophy of curves being an
unknown quantity. Owing to this fact,
the scores of runs were large; without
this explanation it might be thought that
the boys of forty years ago were very
poor players when the runs on each side
were in many noted games allowed to
mount into the eighties and nineties. Be
cause of the mode of pitching tha batter
was enabled to knock the ball all over
the field, and the fielders were kept on
the move at all stages of the play. None
of the players was allowed to wear
Strange Fatality That Has Befalleo the Heirs of One of the finest Peerages of ureat Britain.
have provided for his .son. The Viscount
has been befriended by many In the aris
tocracy, also, and h!s son and daughter
have been fairly educated.
The tenants on the Hinton St. George
estate, on the other hand, favor the son
of the third marriage, for obvious rea
sons.
That Betty Newman's son will be the
Earl Foulett ami her grandson Viscount
Ilinton in turn there can be little doubt.
It will be a bitter pill for the House of
Lords; but law is law, and the British
courts will uphold it. I»d< ed, had not the
late Karl known that liinton would al
most certainly inherit he would not hava
been In such haste to ruin himself.
Years ago, when Hinton was in trouble
at the Old Bailey, tho main charge
against him was that he had obtained
money on his claim to the Poulett estates,
knowing the claim to bo invalid.
The papers in defense were handed to
the late Sir William Charley, the Com
mon Sergeant, who was sitting as Judge.
After looking them over. Sir William said
that instead of proving that the claim was
bad the deeds secnu/i rather to afford
evidence of its validity. He was not a
conveyancing lawyer, but he had seen
enough to show him that even if the
claimant did not prove his claim, upon the
documents in evidence he had ample ma
terial for believing that his claim was
£C(.d.
In other words, no fraud had been com
mitted.
Bo the organ-grinder may put on the
ermine and get what good he can out of
the 29.000 acres of Hinton St. George,
mortgaged to its full earning capacity.
His claim will be fought at every step,
but It Ib difficult to see how it can be de
feated in the end.
So far as a spat in the House of Lords
is concerned, Hinton'p succpps is not so
easily predicahle, a« the House Is. itself
the Judge of the qualifications of its own
members. Still, in the end the noble
gloves or masks as at the present day,
and there was no wall or backstop be
hind the catcher, no that if he let a ball
get past him with men on the bases it
was "all day" with him. The pitcher w.=
not the king-pin of the lot as now. and
all the players had frequent opportuni
ties to distinguish themselves, no matter
In what part of the field they might be
stationed.
The trial game between the Red Rov
ers and the Eagles was so satisfactory
that a baseball club, the first on the Pa
cific coast, was organized shortly after
ward. It was named the Eagle Baseball
Club, and its first president was Expert
Gelson. They practiced for a while un-
Lords will doubtless reason that it is
useless to provide the younger disputant
with the Beat without the estate to sup
port it.
And what an estate it is! One of the
finest in England; twelve miles long: with
a model village upon it; with a special
telephone service between its parts; in
cluding portions of eighteen parishes;
with its splendid avenue of cedars; with
one of the stateliest homes in England;
with its great library and its art treas
ures by Van Dyck, Murillo, Corregio, Ru
bens. Rembrandt and others, and its rent
roll of £10,310— trusted for the mortgagors.
Yes, it is a fine estate, and there is an
other fine one — Granvllle Hall in Hamp
shire.
There is talk of a compromise, but Hin
ton's solicitor, G. H. Hall, intimates that
he has too good a case.
The circumstances which brought about
the possibility of Viscount Hinton being
a claimant for the earldom of PoulPtt
are Indeed strange. When the late earl
married Billy Newman there were five
lives between him and the sixth earl's
title. He had no expectation of even get
ting It.
But on© after another the fifth Earl's
three son* died, then an elder cousin, then
the heartbroken Earl himself, and Cap
tain Poulett succeeded to the title. He was
not then living with his wife. She died
in 1830, first telling her son that he was
Viscount Hinton. The young man had
been educated at Poulett's expense until
he was IS year? old, at Portsmouth.
The poor woman, who had. by all ac
counts, been a true wife to Poulett. was
not even allowed to dip in peace.
When Viscount Hinton, then just of
age, was summoned to her bedside to re
ceive her last blessing she said to him:
"I am not in pain, but"— then her voice
sank to a nervous whisper— "there is an
eye that sometimes stares through a
I der Gelson's tuition until they had the
game letter-perfect, and then, there be
ing no opposing club to play with, they
split fn two for the purpose of having
competition— the offspring of the Eagles
being called the Pacific. The preliminary
matches between these two attracted
considerable attention from players in
; this city and in Oakland, and in a very
i short time the rounder clubs went out of
existence and baseball clubs were formed
I here and in Oakland, which latter ctty
at that time was a college, a vegetable
garden and a milk ranch.
One of the best clubs in the State in the
I early days was the City College Club,
i composed of pupils of that institution.
rrack In the door and it troubles me, It
do."
"It must he a delusion, mother," said
I^rd Hinton. "No one would come and
glower at a dying woman through a crack
in a door."
"Its true," paid the dying woman. "I've
sf.p n that eye too often, I have; times
when I let on tfj be asleep."
Lord Hinton went out to ask the land
lady.
"Yes," she said, after some hesitation,
"it is trup. Emma Johnston comes down
from Rose-bank. Waterloo, to find out how
soon ma is gome to die, and she haa
prepou thrnnph the donr."
What a picture] Emma Johnston was
the lady who. six weeks after the first
Lady Poulett died, became the second
Countess. She died without issue in 1576.
In 1579 Poulett married Rosa, de' Melville,
daughter of Alfred Hugh de Melville, and
her son was recognized by Poulett as hia
heir.
• • •
Viscount Hinton, the claimant to the
cnrldnm. has something of a reputation
in America, and from all accounts It la
nothing to be proud of. Just when he came
to this country seems to be a matter of
doubt. But while here he played many
pnrts. He is a man who has been by
turns a tramp, a circus clown and a
mountebank; who has been arrested in
Louisville, Ky., for fraud on the Latonia
race track and driven from Chicago by
the bare recognition of hts fact.
Later, after he got out of this country,
he served Bix months in a military prison
for desertion from his regiment in India
after having swindled Calcutta mer
chants; he was locked up in Port Said for
attempting the life of a croupier in a
gambling house. He then escaped to Eng
land and was soon sent to prison for nine
months for defrauding Jewelers, gun
smiths and others; and has for years
which was situated on the corner of
Stockton and Geary streets. Veteran
John Fisher took the boys in hand and in
structed them in the mysteries of the
game <lurlng the lunch hour and after
the close of school at 4 o'clock in the af
ternoon. This club played a memorable
game with the Live Oak of Oakland on
April 20. ISfifi. The Live Oak club was com
posed of boys who are to-day prominent
in the political, business and professional
worlds. The pitcher of the Live Oaks
wns Charles Garter, ex-T T nited States At
torney for the Northern District of Cali
fornia; ex-Congressman John R. Glas
cock was catcher: D. N. Arnott. ex-Bupe
rlor Judge of Alpine County, was second
played a hand organ upon the streets for
pennies.
And now this man will in all probability
succeed to one of the proudest names in
the realm and estates derived from Her
cules. Lord of Tumour, In Plcardy, who
under Henry I founded the house of Pou
lett In England.
fk Literary Find.
A correspondent of Literature has found
a poem by William Cullen Bryant which
does not appear In any collection of the
poefa works. The poem appeared origin
ally in the Literary- Souvenir, an English
annual for 1831. It is one that seems at
least worthy of preservation:
I.
Oh, no, It never crossed my heart.
To think of thee with love,
For we are severed far apart
As earth and arch above;
And though in many a midnight dream
Thou promptedst fancy's brightest them*
I never thought that thou couldst be
More than that midnight dream to ny
A something bright and beautiful
Which I must teach me to forget,
Ere I can turn to meet the dull
Realities that linger yet.
A something girt with summer flower*
And laughing eyes and sunny hours;
While I— too well I know— will be
Not even a midnight dream to theel
baseman; D. T. Fowler, right fielder, be
came professor of agriculture in the Uni
versity of California; First Baseman
Walker is a hardware merchant of Oak
land; Eldridge Durbrow, the first base
man of the City College club, is now an
officer of the Anglo-Californian Bank in
this city; Second Baseman Charles G,
Yale, now an employe in the United
States Branch Mint, is an acknowledged,
authority on mines and mining. The
third baseman was Parker Crittenden;
Pitcher Dntton Is the president of the
Fireman's Fund Association; Fred But
ler, the catcher, is a well known artist;
Tony Farrish, the short stop, is A. L.
Farish. office, deputy for the United
States Marshal, and < 'enter-fielder Levig
ton and Right-fielder Dodge are well
known attorneys.
The score stood 48 runs for the Live
Oaks and 46 for the City College. In the
succeeding match Dr. Keeney played
right field for the City College Club and
the club resigned at the end of the eighth
inning, the score standing X 4 runs for the
Live Oaks and only 39 for the College
boys. But it wasn't altogether the fault
of Dr. Keeney.
The boys who graduated from the City
College organized the Cosmopolitan Club,
of which ex-State Senator Charles de
Long was pitcher, Lawyer Leviston left
fielder. Lawyer Land first baseman,
Charles Le Breton second baseman, Tony
Farrish third baseman. Lawyer G. Levis
ton center fielder, A. Rising; right fielder,
David Allison left fielder, and G. Xewhall
shortstop. Dave Allison, now a prominent
commission merchant, was known as the
"one-handed batter." He never took hold
of the bat with both hands, and for that
reason stipulation was made before the
beginning of every game whereby Allison
was allowed to swipe the ball with the
bat held only In his good right hand.
In the sixties the Bagtefl and Pacifies
were the champion clubs and contained
such crack players as Pitcher Kerrigan,
Catcher Calvert, Right Fielder Dunn and
Loft Fielder Gunn for the Eagles and
Customs Broker Belllngall and Martin F.
Cosgriff in the Pacifies. Coserriff playing
under the name of Russell for Sabbata
rian reasons. The other celebrated clubs
of those years were the Active, the Mis
sion, the Independent, the Atlantic, the
Irvington, the Excelsior, the Athletic, the
Nlantic, the Lone Star, the Vigilant, the
Broderick, the Brannan and the Golden
City.
The Great Barrier reef along the coast
of Australia is nbont ISM miles long. th»
work of coral Insects. Sometimes it rises
almost perpendicularly from a depth of
k I2OO fathom*.
2122
La PompaTour
THE - * the Cafe fin Parnasse were closed, and the half
offered a grateful freshness. It was rather a
k -d rn fi r<- like a drawing room than
The walls, upon which hung fine mirrors
• gilt frames, were painted white and bordered with
Neither could be seen. From the ceiling
h-;rg hand son with their candles, all of which Mme. Poince
let ha*-? . Upon the tables were placed chess
men and dominos. N armchairs, hats, cloaks and swords
.-. n.
Behind a =<->r r of circular counter Mme. Poinrelet was to be seen. But
i woman to those who remembered her in her
youth! }{' r hair ■ . te, and her figure had at-sumed enormous pro
portions. She was, in fact, new an obese woman, whose triple chin rested
ur.nn her 1 g on the counter behind which his wife was
■ ng in a low voice.
When th( . to admit Gillette and her companion, followed
by Salni-Aubin. the artist. Poincelet advanced to meet them, and. after
greeting the party, ad if to the young man who was with
"Well, Andre, did you recognize the Pont-Nouf and the cafe? Are they
the same us * ture for the Indies?"
"It Is almost a.s warn .'•■ plica Andre Chevalller.
Attracted by I i n, three persons who were seated in the
middle of the room turned th<-ir heads.
Land tew steps toward the group and pre
...
"M. Andre Ch< rallier. my nephew, who has returned from the Indies
with ••' .is."
"And who did not follow him to the Bastile," replied a little man,
graj and quick of speech.
"It is to be hoped, M. Rameau, that he will not follow him."
"Besides." Interrupted the other person, "there is no room in the cha
teau for any but great lore's, abbes and procurators who are not of the
earn- opinion an his Majesty."
The third mem of the party, who had turned toward Saint-Aubin,
examining th-; sketch book which the latter had placed upon the stove,
could not restrain his mirth.
£ach or.c leaned forward to Bee the album, the title of which, painted
on the cover, was. "Album of Caricatures."
"Ah, M. Rousseau. I should pay; and here is King Louis XV himself
cooking at the Chateau de la Muette." ' • ■:•:'-.
"Where iho devil lid you take this sketch?" questioned the first person,
addressing the artist.
"Oh. through a. hole in the lock, one day when I went to the Chateau
de la Muette to altor a sketch of Mme. la Marquise de Pompadour."
"And this is the Count de Clemont pet out for the war, with a woman
en his arm. a st.iiT in hand, and chickens and rabbits on his shoulder.
Where the devil is he going with the woman, the poultry and the cask of
wine in tho wheelbarrow ?JJ
"And here is Richelieu; an ape in boots, true to life," observed M
Boucher. ■
"Oh, hen is Rameau; yourself, M. Rameau; do you not recognize it?"
risked the second, speaker, who was Rousseau himself. "Do you not recog
nize your own lenpth and thinness?"
"Starvelings are sometimes forgiven," replied Rameau quickly. "My
musk- has net always been paid for— not even by the smiles of Deschamps
or of La Poinpariour."
"La Pompadour." cried Boucher. "Why, her© she is, a crook in one
hand and a Bishop's cross in the other. Ah. my little Salnt-Aubin, the
gifts of china, porcelain and other articles you make of lime, la Marquise
must :ay you well. You certainly learned nothing from your visits to me,
and this wickedness is entirely an inspiration of your own."
"Console yourself. Master Boucher," remarked Rousseau, enraged.
"Mm*?, la Marquise will not withdraw her favors from the painters of her
beauty on account of a wicked sketch of your teaching."
They had resumed their inspection of the album when the door was
thrown open and a tail man, with small, keen, piercing eyes and malicious
mini, entered.
The newcomer remained motionless upon the threshold and gazed
around him. while one of the party stammered forth to the assemblage:
"There is the gentleman who wants to know the name of the painter
of the portrait on exhibition in the Place Dauphine. The portrait of your
daughter Gillette. 1 '
• Gillette was not what this man had said, the daughter of Poincelet
rind his worthy spouse; but she was the adopted daughter of their hearts
a child abandoned fifteen years before in the same Cafe Parnasse by an
unknown but presentable person, whom they had never after been able to
find. The only clew left by the stranger with the little girl was a bag of
rose-colored silk, containing some ribbons, fine white linen and a purse in
which fifty ecus nestled. •
For fifteen years the b as had slept in the bottom of Dame Polncelet'a
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAKCH 26, 1899.
wardrobe; but th.> event* of the day had stirred up a crowd of r«nen»
brances In the heart of the good hostess, remembrances which lingerie
long after the departure of this guest. A vague and Inexplicable aisrun
etude had seized her. and. although the name of this man. Vallet, await
ened no particular train of thought, she could not throw from her tn«
presentiment that rome unknown peril threatened. ■
Vallet was an important agent charged with the duty of attending to
the pleasures of Louis XV and the Marquise de Pompadour. It was he,
the sinister and mysterious man, who supplied the sad and famous
Parc-aux-Cerfs with guests fcr the King.
He had on this same day noticed the charms of Gillette.
Already the beauty of the favorite, Mme. de Pompadour, was waning,
as was also her health.
She was a prey to terrible spells of weariness, of weakness; her eyes
were sunken, wrinkles had made their appearance, and the stamp of grow
ing age had set its seal upon her face. She lived in a state of constant
disquietude, fearing to lose the favor of the King, and suspecting hersell
surrounded by plotters and schemers for her downfall. The institution <>l
the Parc-aux-Cerfs was her latest invention. To replace the youth thr.l
had fled from her. she surrounded the King with a bevy of young women
brought to Versailles by Vallet.
Vallet concealed the character of his infamous calling and presented
himself under the title of commissioner of the chatelet. He, in a word
bought, on account of the King, the house, with its appendages, out
buildings and offices, in the Rue. Saint-Mederic at Versailles.
It was in the first days of the year 1757, in the middle of a severe win
ter. A heavy fall of snow covered the houses, the bridges, the quays and
the barges upon the frozen river. The pedestrians did not linger in the
streets, but hastened on through the biting cold, their cloaks drawn up to
their noses, and shivering in every limb. Night had just closed In; Some
women were leaving Saint-Ge.rmain-l'Auxorrois. Sounds of music floated
lightly through the frosty air. Walking with effort, and leaning upon th«
arm of Gillette, was Mme. Poincelet among the last stragglers in the Rue
B< thlsy.
A carriage without driver, the horses attached to which blocked the
street, compelled the two women to separate and to make their way in
single file along the narrow footpath close to the houses. .
Mme. Poincelet went ahead, and. having reached the corner of the Rue
I'Arbre, turned to retake Gillette's arm.
During the brief time occupied thus the porte cochere of the Malson de
Vallet had been thrown open and Gillette found herself suddenly between a
man of low Stature, who seemed to be looking on the ground for some
thing, and an individual who held the door half open. She stepped aside
to avoid the person who was stooping, and. as she did so. she felt herself
dragged by her cloak. Tn another moment she was within the entrance
and the heavy door had closed upon her, all being .accomplished before
she could suspect a snare or utter a cry. Hurried away, in spite of her
tears and supplications, she was soon conducted by the two men to the
extreme end of the hotel and led into a room, the windows of which werb
securely fastened and hung with draperies bo thick as to prevent the
cries of the prisoner being heard. . •
The astonishment that seized Mme. Poincelet on finding herself alone
could not be adequately described. She remained for an instant as though
suddenly seized with vertigo. She was alone In the deserted streets, calling
in vain upon Gillette. She retraced her steps 's quickly as was possible,
for the carriage still obstructed the path. Gazing at the gloomy looking
house, she hurried on to the entrance of the church, cherishing a vague
hope that the young gfrl had re-entered the edifice. The sexton had closed
the doors, and. with the slow and laggard steps peculiar to attendants
in churches, went about extinguishing the lights, one by one. in the chan
cel. The agitated steps of the poor woman echoed in the vault of the de
serted chapel; no other sound broke the stillness, and hurrying on through
the edifice she made her way out by a little side door and was once more
alone in the darkness and cold of the street. Overcome by her emotion,
she burst into tears. Filled with fear and dread; she hastened on through,
the Icy cold and over the frozen pavement, calling In a voice that awak
ened no echo, the name. "Gillette! Gillette!"
Arriving thus before the Cafe Parnasse, she entered quickly and sank,
overcome, upon one of the chairs covered with cloaks.
At this hour the uncertain light of two candles placed upon a table
drawn near the stove alone illumined the Cafe Parnasse.
Poincelet dozed In his armchair, and Andre Chevallier, his nephew, con
versed with animation with a young man dressed In the garb of a lackey
of a wealthy house. He was a man with a long, yellow face, who looked
profoundly mysterious, while his grim face seemed as if illumined by
some far-off vision seen only by himself. His thoughts seemed to carry
him far away and to render him oblivious to what Andre Chevallier was
saying. A deep>frown contracted his brows.
Andre Chevallier had known Damiens. for such was his name when
he was a servant in the employ of La Bourdonnais. who returned from th«
Indies, miserable, suspected, calumniated, to die in Paris, overwhelmed
with disgust and Injustice.
Chance had led him to Bez» de T.vs, one of the old parliamentarians
hostile to Louis* XV and his Ministers. Finally, after the arrest of his
second master, he obtained a situation with Marisny. th*» brother of La
Pomcaiioijr. -hnse bole! vcas situated near the.Elvsea. and Teas a vert
table "folly" of luxury, where beneath the thick shade of the Champs-
Elysees rendezvous were held. ■ . . _-__,_ »v.- K n»nt
The eudden arrival of Mme. Polncelet drew from his dreams the silent
host of the Parnasse. . . _" m __ __«,»,.>, *-**.
> For some moments she remained, too much overcome «>r speecn
ing at Poincelet and Andre Chevalller. who seeing her alone and troubled,
suspected the misfortune that had assailed them. --_Mrm >,««.
"Has Gillette returned?" she gasped ere they could que stion " «*• ,
The look of anxiety which she read in the eyes of the three ; men in
formed her silently that the girl had not reappeared since leaving the
green carriage in the Hue Bethlsy."j she^ttao*.
sir. SSo» B «^K^£| ™£
or else." she added, clinging to a faint hope, "or else Gillette may have
returned by the way of For-I'Eveque."
The incredulous Damiens shook his head. _,. t
"It is," without "impossible that gloom and darkness of the For
ture alone without reason into the gloom and darkness of the For
-I>E^pTn e ce^tf U w h ho a se ni fands trembled, and on whose cheeks were great
tears, tried to light a lantern, while Andre advanced toward the door.
toward Mmc Poincelet,
"your fright may have prevented you from seeing. It Is Possible » that Gil
lette was taken suddenly ill. She cannot be far off, and while }ou remain
*y£2^J^'J^3tt&£s*. by one of the servants of
E n O Tand T c h orn"r n fndthc^ ,™tra«d the^eg, Bettj-y.
g^sSS ES^SKff %S
assumed a defensive attitude. His countenance, even more than his voice,
aV "In Vi the n name oT heaven, gentlemen, what do you desire of me? I m
waited for at my home. Why pursue a poor father of a family who has
W ™Do d no? fear" monsieur." replied Andre ChAvallier to the passing
shadow "We are seeking for a tall young girl, with a white veil upon her
h^^l,% l^n h^i£?^o^^uryr'^iSl^ unknown, who retreated
Ktlll on the defensive. "I saw only a large green carriage the doors of
which were closed and which two big valets drove through the Rue dea
INl % t ß^ t S^fiSK completed when Poincelet turned upon hi,
heel, and without excusing himself hurri?d on with his companions.
The unknown, happy to be free, hurried on down the Rue Saint-Ger
main-rAuxerrois as fast as his legs would permit. .r: ..:,_.- . »■-
The silence that reigned throughout the quarter had extended to the
chateau and rested upon everything. Suddenly the stillness was broken
hv the sound of heavy carriage wheels coming. It would appear, either
from the Pont-Neuve or that of La Conference.
All the clew that they could gather during an hour's search was vague,
to sty the least Through the Rue Bethisy they passed in silence andthe
Found of their footsteps alone resounded upon the frozen ground They
hastened with all speed toward the Cafe Parnasse. the prey of wild de
■^e^loo'mv^ml^iShlJdto seek the chief of police and explain all
"The pollc'e themselves may be responsible for the disappearance of
r^^hat^o'you mean. Damiens?" interrupted M. Poinrelet. "How could
the chief of police be an accomplice in so odious an act? ■
know great lords who would not disdain to yield to a like tempta
tlon," replied Damiens. following In his mind suspicions that had arisen. I
A painful silence followed. • _ . . o ,.oiii»r -4
"But for what purpose?" questioned Andre Chevallier. -f
"The purpose? ' said Damiens. "Is there need of as peel al oh with
a courtier who becomes the purveyor of the Pleasures of his rna= er?
"Speak low. Great heaven! Speak low, Damiens. interrupted Mmc,
Poincelet, sobbing. vices of the great." continued l Damien, '-I ?
"I have seen the vices of the great" c .?" tln i e t d pr P^ m j!" S - f *
seen." he added, his lips curled scornfully. da^HJf^A S^Jnt A?J helr
mothers who never returned from the prison of the Rue Bamt-Mederle,
where they were detained through the royal caprice.
"The Rue Saint-Mederic?" groaned Mme. Poincelet.
"At Versailles." replied Damiens. in a low voice. „„ *,—„„*, v,
"It is fifteen years." said Poincelet, "since Gillette was brought here--.
He was interrupted by a gesture from his wife. . 
"What if they have dragged our Gillette to Versailles with a criminal
end in view or for reasons unknown to us?" addedFoinceiei
This thought possessed them all. A sort of Intuition told eacn one that
Gillette had been taken from them against her will.
"Well, then," exclaimed Andre Chevallier, resolutely. 1 will go, if
necessary, and reclaim her from the King himself. Gillette has been oar
ried off from her parents by wretches. I shall inform him—
' "He will be deeply touched." replied Damiens. whose eyes gleamed
with a gloomy light and suppressed fire. "He will be touched.
Into the few words spoken Damiens threw a singular intonation, which
his companions could not understand. .
"And you will take with you." continued Mme. Poincelet, trie proof
that she Is our daughter, and that we love her fondly?"
Her tears flowed anew, and at this Poincelet himself became greatly
moved. But their grief found solace in the hope held ° i n Ar e'j
words, and it became certain to them that their adopted child wou b<*
found at Versailles. Damiens remained for a moment motionless. th»n
rising he drew Poincelet's hand with.in the folds of his cloak and pressed
it warmly; then leaving them he said in a strange tone the one word,
"Adieu!" • > >■ .
Day had dawned, and by its gray light pedestrians could be sw
ing alone thp quay and hurrying- on throtigh the yellow fog.
Mme. Poinoelet trembling In every limb, and gliding rather thar-
Ing, made her way along the Rue de la Barillerie and the Court dv Maj,
which inclosed the palace of the old city.
From the mass of black buildings near the Sainte-Chapelle cam<s th«
murmur of indefinable cries and imprecations that sounded not unlike th«
dull noise of a distant torrent.
As she drew near the clash of swords rang out in the fog, an*, the
clamor of human voices became clearer and clearer as Mme. Poincelet
advanced toward the Court dcs Comptes.
She now distinguished in the faint light a crowd of men and wnm»i
surrounding the little hotel, brandishing sticks, shaking their fists and
utteririg wild cries.
Several police officers and the French guards, who had dischar^M
their guns upon the crowd, having lost their ground by degr •><»=, |j |
retreated to the steps of the house of the chief or polio*. Below a furious
group drew after them a dark complexioned man, who was stift<vi aji4
suffocating beneath blows that fell thick and fast from the heavy fists of
the mob.
"Take that, rascal; take that, you miserable scamp. So you will un
dertake the defense of those who starve us, will you?"
A woman struck his breast with a stick.
"Go tell the King that the people will burn Versailles, and all, all wtia
lire at the cost of our misery."
"Hang him!" exclaimed a huge man who had made his way throne'n
the crowd. "Hang him! I recognize the fellow; he wa? one of those ■whj
has aided in the abductions of the Faubourg Saint-Antoinp — "
The crowd suspended for a moment its wrath and turned toward the
newcomer. The victim raised his head; large drops of perspiration rolled
down his face from the blows which he had received.
"Hang him!" shrieked the enraged crowd. "Death for the drinker of
blood, death for the- purveyor of the King."
Again blows fell upon the unhappy man. Mme. Poincelet recognize
Vallet and shuddered. The situation was critical for him. Ho was leavirs;
the hotel occupied by Berryer, the chief of police, when the mob that had
formed in the Faubourg Saint-Antoine invaded the Court dv Mai.
When Vallet saw the menacing crowd he retreated in hast* toward the
office of the chief of police, striking right and left with his cane.
The Invaders were in power, and Vallet. as he turned from group to
group, had been recognized by one of the confederates of thp Pont-Nauf.
In an Instant Vallet was the object of plebeian rage. Around him surgM
the excited mass of people, thirsting for blood, mad for revenge. Th*
police and the French guards had profited by the respite afforded by th«
besiegers to peek shelter behind the massive doors, which they closed
firmly, while those less intimidated hastened to the Chatelet for assistance.
Vallet. dragged upon the pavement of the court, covered with blood,
pmaned with pain.
His accomplice of the Pont-Neuf had passed a rope around his neck,
detached in haste from a hay wagon, the end being thrown over a lamp
post.
A great cry arose in the court when the executioners suddenly let go
their hold of Vallet. and his form was seen to swing out into space. Hts
face wore a hideous grimace, and the look of wild supplication Been in his
half-oppn eyes silenced the rude Jests and scoffing of the cruel crowd. Th^
final struggles of the miserable man, as he hung from the iron support,
suddenly snapped the bar, and the lantern with its human freight fpll to
the ground with sudden force. The crowd fell back. only, however, to close
in again, as the waters of a stream disturbed for a moment by the fall of
a heavy body.
Little by little the crowd dispersed through the Court de Jerusalem, the
drums of the Chatelet guard resounded In the Rue de la Barillerie, and
thrse most guilty In the execution of Vallet made haste to effect an es
cape through the inclosure of the Palais.
The soldiers arrived by the Court dv Mai. and a bevy of curious spec
tators hung around the Arch de Nazareth and the Court dcs Compfes.
The irresistible movement of the crowd drew with it Mme. Poincelet,
who. in a few moments, found herself on the Quai dcs Orfevres.
She remained there for some minutes, astonished and surprised by
the display of violence she had witnessed . forgetful for a brief instance of
Gillette, whose abduction she had come to announce to the chief of police.
• • •
Pamiens had kept the promise he hart made himself— "to warn th^
Klni?."' On the night we saw him quit the Cafe Paraasse he had returned
home, walking: like one in a maze, thinking of the misery of the penp]»,
the unhappiness of the Poinceleta. all of which awakened in his mystical
foul the desire to he. the heroic avenger of the corrupt century.
Scarcely knowing the purpose of his journey, he had set out for Ver
sailles at 3* o'clock in the morning in a hired carriage, clasping to his breast
a little prayer hook, a small pair of scissors, a knife and a purse contain
ing twenty-five louts.
Andre Chevallier had reached Versailles the day after Damlens. Carry
ing with him the little silk bag containing the effects found with GillettA.
Andre did not doubt that a recital of the unhappiriess of his parents
by adoption and those of Gillette would touch the King, and he deter
mined to implore the protection of Louis XV, no matter where he should
rneef him.
On arriving at Versailles he had been Informed that the King had left
that samn morning for the Trianon.
A now difficulty presented itself. The approach to the park and th*
chateau was carefully surrounded by Swiss troops, whoso well-drilled
sentinr-ls kept up an uninterrupted guard.
It was only at the close of the day, and after diligent search, that ha
sucr-peded in discovering an approach to the chateau hidden behind tha
wood bordering the extremity of the grand canal.
Tn his hiding place he heard the songs and cries of the Swiss soldier*
within the guardhouse between the deep ditches filled with water.
Near evening, tired and exhausted by his long wait, he, drew near tht>
guardhouse, attracted by an unusual degree of excitement caused by tha
men arraying themselves and hurrying toward the chateau.
Only a ffw guardsmen remained at the guardhouse.
Andre Chevallier thought this the moment to put his plan in execution.
Slowly he followed the course of the canal and reached the cloned gat 6,
framed by two columns surmounted by vases. He climbed upon the pedes
tal nnd reached the marble stops, vacated only a few moments before by
the sentinels. An abnormal and troubled stillness had followed the sounds
of life and animation in the little chateau. Without being seen Andre
Chevallier could climb the nerron which led to the pardons, and he entered
through ;< glass door, which was not closed, but led to a long ronm paved
with black and gray marqueterie. He passed on through two small rooms
on the hearths of which a fire burned, but stopped finally behind a door
.eadlng into a room beyond, whence he could hear Bounds indi
cating that it wns occupied.
"By whom?" Andrr- Ohevallier commenced to douht that the King was
at Trianon. The relaxing of the surveillance. the inexplicable retreat of
the sentinels, suggested the thought that the King had taken his de
parture.
At this thought a feeling of Joy thrilled him, and then he realized In
Its full force the temerity of his project.
ITe decided to seek refuge In flight by the same way he had come, an<J
turned tr.ward the windows of the room he had first entered.
He saw lights moving and could hear the sound of the patrol as the
guard wa!l<e ; to and fro, and he seated himself, motionless, upon one of
the armchairs.
A light cough— a woman's cough— broke the stillness. T-ight footsteps
resounded, n door within the adjoining room opened, and Andre heard a
voice call softly, "Jeanne! Jeanne!" then silence succeeded. At length
the door leading Into the little room was opened suddenly and a woman's
head appeared. Tt wns a fair face, with clear blue eyes that scanned anx
louslv the darkness wherein Andre Chevallier was sheltered.
The latter, surprised by the apparition, could not repress a sudden
movement, and the creaking of the chair on which he was seated be
trayed nis presence.
T'tterlng a cry of fear, the young woman closed the door quickly, flrri
nt the sound of a bell rung violently the valets hastened to answer the
summons.
Andre ChevMlier was discovered, and entering the drawing room
stood motionless upon the threshold, his eyes raJsed in mute supplication.
The Marouise de Pompadour, whom he thus surprised, stood behind
a gilt table laden with books, engravings and rolls of music, and her
haughty mien, accentuated by the flight of years, indicated more angt r
than fear.
Without taking a step Andre had fallen upon his knees, and In a voice
choked ■with emotion said:
"Oh, madame, whoever you may be, pardon an unhappy man from
Continued on Page Twantv-Three.It Is ii<rw sa!d that Jamee Brown P^ter whl at last seek divorce from
his wtf*. He has been in a position to obtain this for many years on the
ground of desertion, but he has refrained for various reasons lilshly credit
able v. him. His wife has finally demonstrated that she has no intention of
ever resuming her place in his household.
No American actress of this generation has achieved so great a social
success "in England. Every door worth entering is open to her She is able
to DO-ir* with triumph to the declaration she made after she left her hus
band-that she would go Into the world and work and win a position for
hewif Php has more than equaled the success once achieved by Mr?. Lang
trv in the tame sphere. The two women r-aemble each other :n that they
are both women of excellent family and social antecedents and have becomo
actresses.
JAMES BROWN* POTTER Is en
deavoring to secure a divorce from
his actress* wife, Cora Urquhart
Potter. "Ma whispered that de
sertion is not the only charge
wh!ch he will lay at her door.
80 Gossip is picking up its ears and
preening Its feathers. For Cora Urqu
hart Potter says sh.:> will fight to the bit
ter end any attempt to divorce her by
LA POMPADOUR.
Continued from Page Twenty-Two.
whom a young g!rl has been stolen, and whe has mads his way her© to
Implore your mercy."
The- Marquise turned her h-ad toward the door opposite to that
through which Andre Chevaliier had entered. Several valets and a young
officer of the guard entered at this moment.
With her finger the Marquise pointed to Andre Chevaliier, who re
malnc<l In his humble p^ltion.
"Take this madman hence; he has come to reclaim his sweetheart
"Have pity, madame," implored Andre; "have pity upon our girl Gil
ieU Tho officer and the valets had seized Andre Chevaliier roughly by the
arm Pnd while dragging him from before the silt tablo his hat and the
little ros^-colored slik bag remained upon the floor.
They recroseed the great tiled mom and at the vestibule threw Andre
ChevaHler upon a bench. Then tbey searched hi? pockets and turned his
lacket lr.side out. the Swiss guards, meanwhile binding his arms with
cords Armed soldiers entered, and he was conducted across the great
They walked on for about twenty minute?, and as they approached the
palace the lights there reflected upon the guard surrounding the gloomy
° A crowd of soldiers and servants made way for the passage of the
nrisoner ar.d his escort.
A man who, from hi? bearing, appeared to be a great personage, and
who held a note book in his hand, leaned toward another man who was
firmly pinioned upon a bench.
The stockings of the unfortunate haa been removed, and the atrocious
■mell of bu'rnrd flesh filled the guardhouse, fpon the arrival of the pris
oner the soldiers and officers turned their heads, a captain of the guards
approached the Swiss who conducted C'hevallier, and demanded:
"Ib this an aceom;>li<^?"
The man tied upon the bench turned his gaze and Mb face— from which
the bleed iiowed— toward the new arrival, but his eye 6 closed instantly.
The "prffeant. In his turn, said:
"Captain this man introduced himself at Trianon with evil intentions.
We arrested 'him in the boudoir of Mme. de Pompadour."
Am.re Chevallier was r^le and trembling, and would have, fallen had
he not been supported by the- guards, for in the miserable man bound upon
the bench he had recognized DamifPß.
Again the soldiers turned toward their victim with reflhot pincers In
* raecal, that this fellow is your accomplice."
"I have no accomplices." he replied In a low voice. "I alone executed
my project, because I alone planned it." - a
The red pincers were pressed upon Damlens legs, making deep fur
rowF. but" no cry of pain r-scaped the unhappy man, who continued speak
to *' | ife?i3t*l l Ald was for God' and the people oppressed by Louis XV, and
because France is overwhelmed by misery!"
The executioners continued their work of torturing the flesH of their
victim. , „, „,
"Who told you to strike the King? . , , ,
"The mlserv that Is spread over three-quarters of the kingdom."
The person "dressed in black made a elgn to the soldiers, who suspended
their work, and addressing himself to the captain said:
"fiparrt that man. He must live nnd be made to apeak; but, above all,
do not !ose right of him for an Jiwtant." _••
The torture the soldiers had inflicted upon Damlens had thrown the
unhappy man Into a violent fever, and Machault. the minister, feared for
the life of the man who had attempted to asaassinate the Ring. Orders
were given that he should be cared for, but questioned unceasingly re-
The Brown-Potter Divorce
defaming her character.
The Brown Potter marital riddle -vrttl
l>e a very interesting om: for the court
to solve. I* Mr. Potter se^ks the divorce
on the lines he is planning. Mr?. Potter,
for the first time In all these years, will
tell her side of the story. Ev-pn the dig
nity of silence can n>> longer control the
floodgates of Indignation.
Her friends urge her to use this oppor
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MABCH 26, 1899.
tunity of clearing herself of old and
threadbare charges. "Not unless he
flares," says Mrs. Potter, "and then - — "
And then? Then the -world -will hear
what has heretofore been kept for the
sympathetic ears of personal friends.
Then a new light will be thrown on the
" 'Ostler Joe" Incident. Then the Brown
Potter family skeleton will have its last
vestlgra of privacy shivered into bits.
And then Cora Urquhart Potter will ap
pear far more sinned against than Bin
ning.
The public airing of the Brown Potter
scandal has never been Mrs. Brown Pot
ter's doing. Other willing hands have
laid bare the blot on the family escutch
eon.
It was the Indignant Potter family that
fanned into flame the sensation Mrs.
Brown Potter created when she recited
" "Ostler Joe." And one Ct them hurled
back at her tho Very words with which
she had thrilled her hearers.
Who lured men's souls to the shores of
stn. with the light of her wanton eyes,
"Who sang the song that the siren sang on
the treacherous Lurley Height,
"Whose face was as fair a? a Fummer day,
and whose heart was as blcck as night.
When Mrs. Brown Potter chose to
leave the drawing-room for the stage it
*as powerful Bishop Potter who made
;he strongest stand- ac, hBl her on be
naif of the family name. It was the
power of the press and the power of the
pulpit pitted against the courage of one
woman.
But it was courage born of desperation
and of genii:?, and therefore it triumphed
— not because of obstacles, but in spite
of them.
Inch by Inch. stop by step, the Potter
family fought her as she slowly but stead
ily mounted the ladder of fame.
And yet. when Bishop Potter lay on his
deathbed she stood poised for the top
most rung- of fame. When his will was
read people far and wide commented
upon it. Between the linos thare breath
ed his antipathy for this actress who
bore his son's name.
Mrs. Potter bore, the odium of this un
written reproach. Thus fa? she has never
swerved from the path of silence which
she marked out for herself.'
Will she break it now? If the question
friends are anxiously asking. If James
Brown Potter forces her to it, yes, is the
answer.
Cora Urquhart Potter's position In her
profession is no longer questioned. Her
success as Miladi •in Beerbohm Tree's
production of "The Three Musketeers"
has set all London town a talking of this
spectlng his accomplices.
This circumstance caved Andre Chevallier from torture; he knew that
the slightest sign of recognition between himself and Dnmlens wuuirt be
his ruin. He begged without ceasing that the captain of the guard would
permit him to see the Marquise de Pompadour, asserting that between
them thorp existed a secret. V . •; .
Convinced by Andre Chcrvalller's manner, the soldier made Known to
the Marquise the pretensions of the prisoner.
After the first excitement of the scene with Chevaliier had subsided
the Marquise had opened the little silk bag, which her attendant had found
upon the floor with Andre's hat.
She thought herself the plaything of a dream when between her fingers
she held up before her the little dress trimmed with lace that Gillette had
worn at the time she had been abandoned. Also little articles of under
wear in fine linen, bearing the coat-of-arms of Lenormanfl d'Etollles, her
first husband— the escutcheon of azure, with the head of a lion In silver
gazing at a gold star placed In the corner. A child's little cap lay before
her, Invoking the purest and holiest remembrances ever known to the
heart of the courtesan. Mrao. de Pompadour's heart throbbed wildly In
her breast, and tears, pure and good, rolled down her cheeks.
The news of the trial of Damiens had called forth considerable emo
tion and excitement pit the Palais and at Trianon. The King had been
taken to Marigny immediately after he had been stabbed by his former
servant, and carried to the apartments of the Queen, and for some days
the- favorite had not Been Louis XV, nor had she received news respecting
his health.
The enforced separation of Mine, de Pompadour and the King was
placed to the profit of. the court. Th« confessors had discreetly caused
Louis XV to realize the scandals called forth by his life with the Marquise.
The courtiers of the Queen's house insisted, above all, that the attempt
at assassination of the King had been committed by a valet employed at
Maiigny, a brother of the Marquise, and drew toward the insignificant
dagger thrust given by Damiens all sorts of deductions Inimical to the
Meanwhile Mme. de Pompadour remained alone In her luxurious bou
doir, a prey to sad reflections, and In silence anticipating the disgrace that
threatened her in the midst of her gorgeous abode.
The life of the deserted boudoir where she no longer awaited the com
ing of the King was full of sadness. . Upon the gilt table, on which lay
costly articles and rare ornaments, had been placed the little garments of
Gillette, and the remembrances of the abandoned child possessed her com-
The visitor whose apparition had so greatly alarmed her she desired to
see once more and to learn from his lips something respecting Gillette,
who was perhaps his betrothed.
From the glimpse she had been afforded of the young man m face he
appeared youthful. Who and what was he, and what tie linked him to
She turned again and again between her fingers the little garments of
her daughter, and tho entire romance of the abandonment of Gillette
haunted her. But any attempt upon her part to Interview the prisoner
would have been folly"
She had sought to learn his name and the motive of h.i» Intrusion. All
the doors of the King's house were closed against her; but »he had, at
least, recommended the prisoner to mercy to the captain In charge of him.
Days passed thus, days during which she could neither eat nor sleep.
She was burning with fever and filled with the mad desire to go 'and seek
Andre ChevaHler.
At the many attempts she had made at Versailles to gain Information
respecting the King the strange pallor of her face, her look of weariness
and grief had been noted, and all deemed that upon the face of the Mar
quise was written the signs of her approaching downfall.
One evening near 9 o'clock, regardless of the darkness and cold, she
was carried In her chair across the park to the apartments of Louis XV.
The King was occupied in signing many documents placed upon his desk.
On seeing the Marquise, Louis XV could not restrain an Impulse of
111 humor; but. ever gallant, he requested her to be*seated.
"Mme. la Marquise is abroad late.' he said.
"I could not resist, -sire, the desire to see you." she responded. "I have
lived during the past days in a state of wretched uncertainty respecting
the result of your wounds. Oh, sire, It Is cru^l of you to have abandoned
American actress. "She is the topmost
rose on the topmost branch" Is what they
Bay of her. ;.£'..--..■.'.
The doors of London society are swing-
Ing wide welcome for her. H. R. H.
Prince of Wales is her friend. The
Duchess of Devonshire, one of the great
est social leadens in England, has Initi
ated her Into the holy of holies.
So Mrs. Brown Potter has w«yn not only
fame a3 a player, but social recognition
abroad.
When she started out on her career she
had as a goal only her artistic success.
But she proudly said she would never 9.0
--' licit social recognition again. She would
never lift a finger to gain it. She would
conquer by her art In spite of personal
prejudice. . : *. "
So she ha? denied all Interviewers her
version of the family troubles. Her
friends have not been so reticent. They
object to the Injured-air pose of James
Brown Potter. They throw quite another
light on the affair.
When .Cora l.'rquhart married James
Brown Potter there was a plenteous spill-,
Ing of congratulations. • Both were of
distinguished family and money was not'
lacking. Mrs. Brown Potter soon became
the toast of the smart set. The women ■
said she was red haired and thin. The
men rave.] over her auburn tresses and J
her lithe, languorous grace. James
Brown Potter was delighted at the ad- 1
miration which his wife excited. She had
a pemhtint for amateur theatrical* and ;
he enoourag'-U her. They had a. beauti
ful home in the most fashionable quarter -
of Now York City, and Mrs. Brown
Potter queened It right. royally -V -•;.»•■
Then' the-re came the first great sorrow
in her life. Her Bister died at the Ur- •
quhart plantation In far-off, Louisiana— •
died with no ono but her mother by her ■
bedside]
In New York Mrs. Brown Potter, all un
conscious of her sister's illness, was en
tertaining friends. In New Orleans her ;
father was vainly imploring an Infuriated
mob to allow him to Bee his daughter be
fore she breathed her last.
Mr. Urquhcrt was the president of a
bank in New Orleans which had failed.
On the day of the collapse came tho news
that his daughter was dying. When ho
jumped into a cab and made for the river
steamer the creditors of the bank thought
he was fleeing to evade settlement. The
mob refused to believe explanation and
th« father, half crazed with grief, was
forced to remain in New Orleans. . -
Meanwhile on the plantation up the
river they waited for the steamer that
would bring Mr. Urquhart. When the
hour came for the steamer to hoarsely
announce its landing at the Urquhart
■wharf, the dying girl was tenderly lifted
in loving arms end with gasping breath
she listened for the welcome sound that
me without giving me tidings respecting your condition."
As she spoke Mme. de Pompadour burst into tears and threw herself
upon her knees before the King.
"Rise, Marquise; I was forbidden by my physicians to visit you."
Then suddenly changing tho subject he added:
"Rut I have been told that you, Mme. la Marquise, have been visited
during my absence."
"No. sire, the man who intruded upon my privacy was a poor madman
whom the guards thrust from the door. He came, he said, to reclaim his
betrothed."
"And you knew him not?"
"No, sire."
"Th" rascal shall be punished for his audacity."
"Pardon him. sire. Restore to liberty this unfortunate whom grief
has distracted and who caused me only alarm by his entrance."
"Since you desire It, Marquise, ana since the man did not offend you,
we will bid M. de Machault to let him go free; but— take your leave, Mar
quise; dry your beautiful eye*. I will visit you ere long."
With these word* Louis XV offered his hand to Mmo. de Pompadour.
He accompanied her as far as the antechamber, from which a private
staircase fed to the court. Ar< she passed with her attendants, through
the court of the superintendent she saw three great carriages, drawn by
four horses each, surrounded by a crowd of gendarmes. By the light of
their torches she saw, bound within one of the carriages and wrapped In
white covering, a human form that struggled to escape. Two of the pre
vost's guard and a surgeon of the King entered the carriage with the
prisoner. Into the third carriage officer? forced a man to enter whom the
Marquise recognized aa the individual who had been arrested In her apart
ments at Trianon.
The avenues leading to the chateau were full of cavaliers and sergeants
and French tun rein.
Mme. de Pompadour requested h«r chair to be set down upon the pave
ment of the court, and lnotantly approached the Duke d'Ayen, who com
manded the escort.
"Where are you going to take these people, captain?'
"To the Palais at Paris."
"And you are taking with you the man who intruded upon me at
Trianon?"
"I think that a new order concerning him has come from the King.
In any case, however, he will accompany us to Paris."
"You will surely pet him fre«. added the Marquise, amiably. "He
did not harm me. and I have asked for his liberty from the King."
Throughout the long route followed by the carriages detachments of
armed men followed nnd troops of cavaliers were on guard.
In the villages through which they passed the Inhabitants were for
bidden to appear at the windows, and the soldiers of the escort were com
manded to fire 'upon any one who should disobey the order.
In vain had Andre Chpvalller tried to draw from his keepers some ray
of light upon the crime he had been accused of and of the fate that
awaited him. They remained mute.
They drove thus through the sleeping villages of Sevres, Issy. Van
girard. Croix-Bouge, and at length entered the Rue de Four, passed down
the Rue Dauphine. Pont-Neuf and the Qual dcs Orfevres and arrived at
the court of the Palais, which was under military rule.
The three officers led Andre Ohovallier to the chief of police, and after
having passed through the hall they entered the presence of Berryer himself.
He was seated Hb a: small room before a table lighted by candles, and on
which Siere lay numerous papers.
The officer handed Berryer a sealed paper which the Duke d'Ayen had
given him at Versailles, and the former, after having scanned Chevallier
through his spectacles, opened the document and read aloud:
"The chief of police accords* liberty to Andre Chevallier to reside in
Paris, after having admonished him severely for having presented him
self at the Chateau de Trianon."
He turned toward the prisoner.
"So it Is you who did not fear to enter the abode of Mme. la Marquise
de Pompadour. Do you kn<"v that the act you have committed might have
taken you to the galleys? For what end did you elude the vigilance of the
.guards at Trianon?" ' , ' ' • . :"
"I went to Implore a favor, to ask for protection, to find a young girl
who had been etolen from her parents.**
would herald her father's return. Mo
ment after moment passed until far in
the distance came a faint echo. The
steamer had passed them by and •was
stopping at the next landing above. With
a look of piteous resignation the invalid
sank back on her pillov.-s and the tired
eyelid? closed forever. ' !
'Mr. I'rqrhart's embarrassed financial
condition is gad to have Irritated the
Potter 'family. High-strung Cora Urqu
fcart Potter resented the Bishop's appar
ently slighting attitude toward her fam- ,
ily. ; There was a breach and James'
Brown Potter for the first time in his life i
dared' to question his father. J
Bishop Potter promptly cut off their al
lowance. Mrs. Brown Potter turned her
thoughts more seriously than ever to
ward her art.
She recited even more frequently than
formerly. One night in a crowded draw-
Ing room she gave " 'Ostler Joe."
People commented on this selection at
the time, but It was not until later that
the incident was made the subject of uni
versal and". warm discussion in the public
prints. James ['.town Potter was In finan
cial straits. His wife's father was no
longer in a position" to help them and she .
would not allow him to seek aid from
nis own father. Why shouldn't she go
on the stage? Her husband did not say .
her. nay, and without announcing their
plans the couple left for London. .Ac
counts or" their doings crossed the waters.
Now !t was that they had been among the
guests at 'a drawing room or house party.
Then it was that she had captured the
friendship and praises of Robert Brown
ing by her vivid readings of his poems.
And one day In glaring headlines the pa
pers announced that Mrs. Brown Potter
was going to male her professional debut
in a London theater as the protege of H.
R. It. and other celebrities.
Bishop Potter sent a cablegram com
manding them to give up the insane idea
and return' immediately for parental re
proof and forgiveness. But when the
home-coming steamer landed Its passen
gers only James Brown Potter of the two
walked down the gangplank. He came
to tell his father, the Bishop, that they
had fully determined on their course. He
remained at homo and became converted
to his father's point of view, and later
he tried his best to aid his father in pre
venting Mrs. Potter's further career on
the stage.
But Cora Urquhart-Potter had gone too
far to -withdraw. She had burned 'her
bridges and was anxious to cross the
Rubicon and she made her debut as an
actress.
London spoke encouragingly of this new
aspirant for fame. American papers
heaped upon her columns of abuse and
riricule. The " 'Oetler Joe" Incident was
raked Into the light and made to run the
entire gamut of sensationalism. 'T^fas
paid that she had ostracized herself so
cially by reciting It. and that there was
nothing but the stage left for her.
Every reason but the one which her
friends claim Is the real one has been
given— and that Is. that she went on the
staKft at her husband's suggestion and re
fused to heed him when he vacillated to
his father's standpoint. Cora T'nuhart-
Potter has never told this for publication.
She ma,de but one retort to the criticisms
which have been as hitter as the influ
ence of the Potter family could make
them.
"The latchptrtng of my house Is always
open for my wife." said James Brown
PottT to an Interviewer once.
"I see," continued Berryer; "you are one of a faction who "Pr***
abroad the noise that children and young girls are being stolen, suca
things exist only in the imaginations of people mated a)^ n ,v%, 1 J o l f l
tlons. Now you will do well to acknowledge that It was simply through
curiosity you Intruded upon Mine, la Marquise. ».._♦ ~#
Without listening to the protestations of Andre Chevallier the chief of
police took the address of his prisoner, and. threatening him with all tne
severity of the law, notified him that he was at liberty. .
A thunderbolt could not have struck Chevallier more forcibly, and Bo
remained motionless, believing that he had not heard aright.
"Go." repeated Be.rryer. "and guard well your actions. • :
Like a blind man Andre sought the corridor His escort at a sip rrpm
Berryer. took him by the arm. and. after having crossed the court of the
Balnte-Chappejle, opened a little door and thrust his prisoner forth.
He found himself in the Quai dcs Orfevres and but a few steps from the
Pont-Neuf. which, owing to the excitement and troubles of the night, had
been cleared by the troop* and was now deserted.
Mechanically Andre passed down the Pont-N'euf and observed that
many of the windows in the vicinity of the Palais were un ighted. Those
of the Cafe Parnnsse formed.no exception. Knocking gently, he listened,
and then heard Poincelefs voice Inquire behind the closed blinds the name
of his visitor. He replied. In an instant more uncle and nephew were
clasped in each other's arms. Mrne. Polncelet, In her nightgown hastened
to greet him, and at the summons of Polncelet, Gillette heself joined the
family circle around the stove. -•."-.
The "Parnasse" appeared entirely changed, and most of the chairs
were placed against th" four walls.
Slnie. Poincelet was the first to break the silence.
"My poor boy." she said, addressing Andre, "we thought you were
lost when we heard of miens' fate and the arrest of a young man who
answered your description. From MM. Boucher and Rameau. whom we
Implored to Intercede for you with the chief of police and M. Machault, we
obtained only hopeless replied. They would not even inform us of what
crime you were accused."
"By what miracle, my good Andre," asked Poincelet, "have you found
your way here?"
Without replying Andre clasped Gillette to his breast, who artlessly
described her fears while detained for three days In the Malson de Vallet.
On th-» third day she found the door open; the old duenna and the porters
in charge had disappeared.
Having effected her escape, she had returned home, troubled at the
thought of meeting father ana mother Polncelet, to whom she owed an ex
planation for her absence.
Polncelet explained that their great desire now was that they all
should leave Paris and seek refuge In Brittany, where Mme. Poincelet had
relatives.
The "Pftrnasse" wns deserted; in fact, the ratrons and friends had not
efOMed the threshold pinre they had h'-rrd of the arrest of the nephew of
the house and that of Damiens.
The Poincelets feared, above all, belnf? interrogated in the search for
the accomplices of ihe valet of Marigny, now being sought for.
Ar.dre Chevallier, who shared their fear 3. shook his head.
"Ton will not lf-uve me air ne here, my uncle?" he said
Th^ Poincelets and Gillette replied In one voice, "Ynu are to go
with us."
Andre seized the hand of GiU^tte and that of Mme. Polncelet and
pressed them warmly within hia own.
One bright mornlnp the ■"Parnasse" remained closed, and sllenc*
reigned. The pnlire who had hrld guard over Andre Chevallier and tho
owners of the house were instructed to throw open ilie doers.
Within they found only some worthless furniture. The hosts had fled
forever.
NOTR— Robert Francois Damlena, who owing to his vicious proclivities was
called Robert-le-Dlable. was born In 1714. Impressed and Irritated by the dis
putes then going on between the church and the Parliament of Paris, and with
a view to bringing relief to the people, he attempted the assassination of Kins;
Louis XV. Damlens was Instantly seised, but the most cruel torture failed to
compel him to acknowledge accomplices, and he was condemned to be torn to
pieces by horses, a sentence executed, on .March 23, 1731.
"I'm much obliged to htm for the coil**
tesy. especially as I own the latchkey and
the deeds to the house," said Cora Urqu
hoxt-Potter later to the same Interviewer".
Bishop Potter's will provided against
Mrs. Potter's ever gaining a cent of the
money which he left his son. But Mrs.
Pottor can legally have a claim on the
$100,000 which James Brown Potter recent
ly Inherited from his mother. Gossip
says that it Is to prevent this that he is
at laet suing for a divorce.
Mrs. Potter does not object to the di
vorce — on the ground of desertion. If,
other reasons are alleged, then she will
contest the suit. She goes next month to
South Africa for a theatrical tour of six
teen weeks. She will be supported by
Tvyrle Bellew, with whom her name has
been linked other than professionally.
Her friends Indignantly deny that the
favor of the Prince of Wales has been
gained at a sacrifice.
2324
•«John Burroughs Locking J-!is Cabirv Door, Bent on a Jrip /\cross
the Fields.
Copyrighted, 1899. by Clifton Johnson.
Facial to the Sunday Call.
WHEN John Burroughs begun
to write about nature thirty
years ago the remarkable abil
ity he possesses of making the
Ct interesting to the gen
eral reader was recognized at
once. He was accorded the foremost
4>lace among American nature writers al
most from the start, and this he has held
■ever since.
Authors who make the out of door world
their theme have multiplied in recent
■years, but a quarter of a century ago
'Burroughs was nearly alone in his chosen
domain. His work had and contin .
have all the charm of original observa
tion In new fields and the fresh, boyish
enthusiasm of his descriptions Is un
equaled. He has been a pioneer blazing
a path Into the unknown. Many now fol
low in his footsteps, but the position of
patriarch of the clan is his by common
consent, and among his fellow craftsmen
he is regarded with universal affection.
Mr. Burroughs' personal appearance is
strikingly typical of his standing among
authors of his class. He has something
of a pion era simplicity of dress and
manner, and he has the snowy hair and
long white beard of the patriarch. If
you see him about his home you would
take him for a farmer— not one of the
callous handed, dissipated sort who carry
the odor and L T i'i!'-i<- of their calling about
•with them, yet one who is used to real
■work, nevertheless. He has a fondness
for the comfort of old clothes and easy
chocs, and he is no stranger to manual
labor, though most of his farming con
sists in planning and directing.
The farm is his chief support, not hirf
literary work. He does not write fur a
living,' but writes only when he feels
moved to do so and because he loves the
•wild things of the woods and fields which
he describes with such truth and insight.
In his earlier life Mr. Burroughs was
for a long time a school teacher, and
later for several y.ars held a Govern
ment position in Washington. But the
'country always called to him. and at
length he bought a little farm on the west,
: e he.re of the Hudson about half way be
tween New York and Albany, and turned
Mb back" on city and town life forever
He has named his place "Riverby. It is
a strip of seventeen acres lying on the
'" ¥£^^7,1^7,?%™^ to San Pedro I, strewn
*-ayes for a week or more, but one only (the New York) has
! : defied the elements for over a year.
Shortly after the launching of the New York, and when
thatSJl as the T. F. Oakes; was the pride of the American
! Scream tie marine, the whaling bark Atlantic was wrecked
Saw the Cliff House and thirty of her crew drowned- All
that Is left of the Atlantic to-day Is a portion of her keel em
bedded in the panda of the ocean beach. -
■ The \tlantic was fitted out for a season In the Arctic and
! nearly .the entire crew was put aboard drunk. On a Friday
she sailed and twelve hours later her remains were piled on the
ocean beach. The helpless Bailors were washed overboard, one
after the other and drowned in the breakers.
A month later there was another wreck within a short dis
tance Of the whaler Atlantic on the ocean. beach. On January
14 im. the schooner Parallel sailed from this port for Astoria
'with ° ! general caTgo. a portion of which was giant powder.
Ttia schooner went ashore on Point I*obos. near the Cliff House,
In a pal- two days later. The crew lost no time in getting
ashore, as they were afraid of the giant powder. Their fears
proved 10 be well grounded, as the pounding of the vessel on
the rocks exploded the powder, blowing the schooner Into
splinters and wrecking the Cliff House.
Coming down to later times, the British ship Gosford was
run ashore in Cojo Harbor, near Point Conception, on Novein
ber-22. iv:;. In a vain attempt to save vessel and cargo. She
was" "ecu rid out. from K?n Francisco and on November 18 caught
■fire. In rpite of th« best efforts of the crew the fire gained
theVniastcrv and the ship was run In shore and scuttled. A
number of attempts Were m?.de to raise her. but they all failed,
and the bones of the Gosford are still aching In Cojo Harbor.
In October. 3583, the Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Btr.-iir,. r Newborn went on Point Vincent, ten miles south of
TJctiondo. iri a fog and became a total loss. Captain yon Helms,
now master of the steamer Curacao, was .in command and,
ow'.r.g to his coolness and skill, all the passengers were saved.
Three daye after she went ashore ih ■ Newbern caught 'ire and
now only a few charred remains of the hull mark the scene of
that disaster.
In April, 2894. the Pacific Coast Steamship Company • lost
another steamer and In August, IW6. still another. A. dense' fog
v.'»s responsible foi both disasters. The April wreck was th«
6 . fr ,/,, Lns Angeles. Captain Iceland, now master of the
steamer Gipsy, was in command, and the vessel, carrying pas
sengers and loaded with merchandise, was on her way from
Ban Pedro to San Francisco. She went on the Little Mom rocks
rear Point Sur on April 22. and five people lost their lives. The
passengers were got Into lifeboats and onto life rafts, but a
storm came up and five of them were drowned before help came.
The St. Paul was also on her way from Ban Pedro to San
Francisco, in command of Captain Downing, now master, of the
steamer Excelsior. On August S. in a dense fog. she ran on
Point Pinos, at the entrance to Monterey Bay, and became a
•total wreck. No lives were lost.
long slope that sweeps steeply back from
the river, and here he raises great quan
tities of grapes, currants, peaches and
other small fruits for the city markets.
A Woodland Genius.
On one of the higher terraces of th»
farrr. stands a substantial stone house
hiding in a grove of evergreens. But this
house is much too civilized to suit our
nature lover's shy woodland genius. He
no sooner had his home established there
in than lie built a small one-room study
down the hill on a ledge overlooking thu
: river. To give it the proper flavor
of rusticity he covered the outer walls
With bark, which makes Its occupancy as
near living In a hollow tree as one can
with any comfort. In his study
Mr. Burroughs kept his books, here he
wrote and here ho meditated by an open
fire.
Outside he had a woodpile which he cut
into fireplace lengths with his own bands,
thus, as he affirms, getting the heat from
the wood twice over, on<v in the working
up and again in the burning. Under the
eaves or' the study he nailed up boxes
us an Invitation to the birds, and In win
ter he fastened pieces of meat to the trees
for birds to pick at In the hungry cold.
The feathered folk accepted his ad
and In return adopted him as a peace
ably disposed neighbor and friend; and
they roveiile. l all their secrets to the good
gray man who had his home in this little
bark-covered building on the hillslope.
One would think that now our nature
enthusiast, in surroundings so idyilicly
tranquil and rural, would have been sat
.; and so he was for a while. lint
avironment did not stand the test of
time. The highway and the village were
not far away, two lines of railway thread
ed the valley, and the Hudson' with its
commerce was always before his eyes.
These things jarred on his sensibilities.
The place was too public, the prospegt too
cultivated and too much associated with
trade and traffic, and he felt .more and
more v lack of the primitive simplicity
that whs his especial delight.
Hiding Deeper in the Forest.
As the land in the vicinity recedes from
the river it grows wilder, and at a little
remove rises In rocky, tree-clad ridges
that In places are mountain high. Mr.
Burroughs in his leisure often tramped
STOUT BATTLE OF THE WRECKED NEW YORK FOR EXISTENCE
THE SAW FBAWCISCO CAI/L, StiyDAY, MARCH 26, 1899.
John Burroughs
In His Cabin Home
Sympathetic Character Study of the "Woodland Sen/us. '
those wooded wilds, and the desire grew
on him to live among them. As a result
he finally bought several acres of swamp
land In a hollow high among the hills and
entered with enthusiasm on the task of
draining: the marsh, clearing out the
brush and stumps and building himself a
cabin. • ,v.v "■"..■
The spot is a mile and. a half from the
Rlverby home and its only approach la
by a circuitous and seldom-used wood
road. Indeed. It Is bo sequestered that
when strangers come to seek out the fa
mous nature writer they sometimes get
lost and wander for hours about the
!• y mountains before they find the lit-
HAVE YOU THE SENSE OF TASTE ? READ THIS
Special to the Sunday Call.
IT would now seem from experiments
which have been carried on in the
University of lowa that we do not
taste many of the things which we
eat at our daily meals. It is asserted
confidently that we merely smell them.
When we drink coffee or tea, for in
stance, we really do not taste them;
it is the effect which they have on the
olfactory nerve that we experience. If
the nobe is tightly closed in the ordinary
man and he is blindfolded, be will not be
able to distinguish coffee from water or
a weak solution of auinine.
This has been proved by experiments
made on many persons. < 'ommon coffee
was said to be water, it was also said to
be quinine. "Water was" said to be coffee.
Tea was ( ailed coffee. Turkey was called
pork. Raw apple was called grape juice.
Malt extract was sherry wine. I.ard was
pronounced butter. In short, experienced
persons were unable to distinguish many
common foods and drinks when sensa
tions of smell were removed, and the odd
conclusion was reached that a person
might even practice economy in eating by
merely blindfolding the eyes and substi
tuting lard, pork and beef for butter, tur
key and venison, while if the further pre
caution was taken to close the nose, a
The Wrecked |leW York as She Lies Uporv the Beach at Halfmoorv Bay After a year's Buffeting bvj the Wavtes.
from a Photogrftch Taken Specially for ths Stmday Call
"'Slabsidzs," John Burroughs' Gabin Home.
Copyrighted, ISS9, by Clifton Johnson.
Curious Experiments to Prove Trjat Our Sense of Taste Depends on Othjer Senses.
By Clifton Johnson.
tie glen where stands his cabin.
Building "Slabsides."
This cabin Is built on a ledge of rock
at the borders of the swamp. It is a
fair sized story and a half structure with
one room below stairs and a loft above.
Along one side is a broad piazza with
shaggy cedar' posts. The outer walls are
of slabs, and this hns led its owner to
call it "Blabsldes," a name not altogether
liked by the author's friends. They find
the title too rude, but Mr. Burroughs says
"It's a rough and ready place and why
shouldn't It have a rough and ready
name? I can't stand anything that has
very weak solution of quinine would pass
for good coffee and vinegar for the most
costly wine.
The experiments which led to these con
clusions were carried on by Professor H.
T. W. Patrick of the University of lowa,
who has just communicated some of the
results of his work to the American Psy
chological Society. Professor Patrick was
enabled to attain great accuracy -in his
work by the fact that one of the persons
"he experini.rn.il upon was an anosmic —
that is, absolutely devoid of the sense of
smell. He was enabled thus to determine
which sensations were those of taste and
which were smell. He experimented also
on normal subjects and borne of the re
sults were surprising.
There are only four simple taste sensa
tions, namely, sweet, bitter, sour and salt.
It is said by some that there are only two,
sweet and bitter. All other sensations
which are commonly called tastes are
complex results of sensations of smell,
touch, temperature and sight. The means
by which we distinguish almost all of our
common foods and drinks is not the sense
of taste so much as it is the sense of
smell, touch, temperature and sight. All
the fine differences by which we distin
guish the various fruits, meats and drinks
depend not upon taste at all, but upon
these other senses. Pure sensations of
taste add hardly more than a certain emo
tional element to the complex sensations
Sweet things we call "good," and bitter
the least taint of sentlmentallsm or af
fectation, and I think a coarse-flbered
designation like 'Slabsides' will grow con
stantly more significant and pleasing,
while one would tire of a nams that wu
merely pretty."
The interior of the cabin Is hardly lea«
rustic than Its outer aspect. There are
no carpets or rugs, the unhewn Joists of
the floor above are exposed and have still
thMr natural covering of bark, and much
of the woodwork in the walls and In the
furniture Is of yellow birch saplings. It
Is all of Mr. Burroughs' planning and hl»
personal labor has entered more or leM
Into nearly everything.
things we call "bad," while salt and sour
add a certain piquancy, which is pleasing
when not excessive.
A partial proof of these facts may be
given by merely blindfolding the eyes and
closing the nose and taking various kinds
of foods and drinks lhto the mouth with
out swallowing them. It will then he
found that it is quite impossible to dis
tinguish many of the commonest foods
and drinks.
It is always difficult to eliminate the
sense of smell in normal subjects. Pro
fessor Patrick was able, however, by ex
perimenting with a subject possessing 1 no
sense of smell whatever, and comparing
the results with those obtained from nor
mal subjects, to get more accurate results
ns to the more important part, played by
smell in distinguishing foods and drinks.
It is, of course, generally known that
what is popularly mistaken for the taste
of coffee, tea and wine is only their aroma
or odor. By these experiments, however.
It was shown that coffee and tea have a
distinct taste, which is simply bitter, and
cannot be distinguished from a weak so
lution of quinine. A weak Infusion of
coffee or tea, however, cannot be dis
tingulshed from water. Even with nor
mal subjects, with the eyes and nose
closed, twenty experiments with coffee
gave the following results: It was called
"coffee" once, "bitter" eleven times,
"quinine", four times, "tea" three times,
and "milk" once.
Johrv Burroughs at Work Irv His Gabirv
The Greatest American "Writer of Nature,
Copyrighted, 1599. by Clifton Johnson.
Burroughs at Home.
The feature of all others that he takes
pride in Is the great stone chimney. It
is warranted to draw well in all weath
ers and not to smoke in spite of its having
a fireplace that in amplitude rivals those
of the olden times. The fireplace was
not made mereiy for the company cf its
blaze and its social warmth on chilly
evenings. It is a domestic fireplace, built
to cook by, and a black teakettle is al
most always suspended from the iron
crane and other kettles and pots repose
about the borders of the hearth.
Slabsldes Is Mr. Burroughs' home all
through the year, save In the coldest
months. There he eats, sleeps and writes,
and the solitude of the spot and the prim
itive'living agree with him mentally and
physically. He is In the' midst of the
woods. The rocks and the ridges hem
him in and shut out all sight and all
Bounds of the modern world of railroads,
steamers and business hurly-burly. The
softened roar of a waterfall steals to the
ears from some distant ravine, the wind
whispers in the leafage of the near trees,
Mr. sing and twitter through the sum
mer days and at night the whippoorwill
calls from the neighboring rocks. In the
spring the evenings are musical with the
voices of the frogs and toads, and in the
autumn the katydids made the air reson
ant with their disputing, crows and hawks
fly over the cabin and an occasional eagle
hovers about the mountain top. Part
ridges come to the borders of the clear-
Ing and wild ducks frequent the creek in
the hollow a half mile away.
Nature and its untamed progeny are
close about always. Yet the cabin sur
roundings are not wholly uncivilized, for
since the swamp has been drained Mr.
Burroughs had made a garden of its rich
mold, and there he raises famous celery,
cabbage, potatoes, sweet corn and other
vegetables.
As a Housekeeper.
Whoever comes to visit this latter-day
hermit, whether friend or stranger, is
sure of a hospitable reception. If meal
time approaches you are invited to stay
to lunch. The larder is never empty and
Mr. Burroughs is an expert in the prep
aration of a rustic dinner. Not far away
a cold spring bubbles from the rocks and
there, half immersed in its crystal basin,
On July 14, 1898, the Pacific Mall Company's steamer Colom
fcla was totally lost on Pigeon Point. She was In command of
Captain Clark, now superintendent of the Oceanic Steamship
Company's dock at Honolulu, and was on her way from Pan
ama for Fan Francisco. There was a dense fog on the water at
the time, and the first warning of danger was the crash of the
vessel on Iho rocks.
Very little, if anything, remains of these vessels. In some
instances only a few half-buried timbers remain to show that
once a ship had come to her end there. Not so in the case of
the ship New York, however. Though many a storm has raged
since she was wrecked, a portion of her masts and some of her
yards are still standing, while the hull from the companion
waj aft and from the foremast forward is intact, and to nil
appearances as sound as when the ship was launched. Amid
ships the seas have made clean breaches through the hull and
nothing remains but the keel nrid keelsons.
The New York was formerly the American ship T. F.
Cakes, and was biiilt in ISS:?, being the first sailing vessel evnr
built of iron in America. Sh" was never a lucky ship, and it
was in hopis that a change of name would do away with the
hoodoo that induced her owners to rechriften her "New York."
She was on her way here from Hongkong when she was lost.
Early in the morning of March 13, 1898, the people of Half
moon Bay saw a ship standing inshore. The people aboard did
not appear to know Just exactly where they were, but finally
the vessel was put about and stood out to sea. How it hap
pened was never discovered, but the ship's course must have
been changed again during a thick fog that came up, and that
night at 8:30 o'clock the New York was hard and fast on the
beach of Halfmoon Bay.
Captain Peabody, now master of the American ship "Wills
cott, was in charge of the New York and he and his family had
a narrow escape. The vessel had a valuable cargo, which was
Bold to pome speculators for $SGOO. Most of the merchandise
was salved, but the hull remains as a monument to somebody's
blundering.
"People who handle the yardstick have but little idea of the
years of study and experiments that were necessary to secure
the standard yard measure," observed an official of the coast
Burvey. "Bird, a famous scientist, made the first standard
yard in 1760, but the English Government did not legalize it
until 1524.
"Ten ypars afterward, when the House of Parliament In
London was destroyed by fire, the standard yard was lost, and
England was aeain without a standard yard of length. Sheeps
hanks next made a standard yard measure, which the English
Government adopted, and, so that it could not be again de-
Ptroyed by fire, four authorized copies were made of it. One
of these was deposited in the Royal Mint, another in the Royal
Society, another in the observatory at Greenwich, and the
fourth was imbedded in the walls of the new House of Parlia
ment.
"The standard yard measures which are owned by the Gov
ernment are copies of the original, one of which Is owned by
the coast survey. The United States Naval Observatory has
one also.
"The delicacy of its construction may he gathered by the
fact that a change of temperature of one-hundredth of a degree
Fahrenheit has been found to produce a sensible effect on the
length of the bar.
"The copies of the standard are made of bronze, for th« rea
son that bronze is lees affected by temperature than any distinct
or single metal.
"The cost of the construction of the original standard yard
measure involved the labor of Bird and his assistants for n«any
six years. Sheepshanks -was eleven years in producing the ac
curate copies which he made from Bird's original measure
ments."—Washington Star.
are certain tin pails containing freak
meats, milk, etc. In the kitchen cup
board are canned goods, prepared foods,
honey and other eatables. Then there
is the garden always at hand to dra\r
from, and in a near nook is a henhouse,
and the flock that makes the clearing its
home furnishes the cabin table with eggs.
I do not think Mr. Burroughs loves
housekeeping for its own sake, but he ac
cepts the work for the pleasure of the
accompanying freedom. Not much time
is spent on cooking, di=h-washtng, bed
making and the. like— only Just enough to
make the place presentable and keep It
In a state of free and easy whnlesome
ness. The day as a whole is for farming,
writing and meditation.
A Day's Work With the Author.
The first duty after the breakfast
things are out of the way is to tramp
down through the woods to the village in
the valley to get the mail. At the same
time Mr. Burroughs visits Rlverby and
gives directions for the day's work on the
farm. If it is at the time of the grape
harvest or If there are other important
tasks in progress he may stay all day to
help and superintend, but as a rule ha
Boon returns to his beloved Slabsldes.
The rest of the morning he spends In
reading, writing and thinking, -with Boma
interruptions in the way of the neces
sary preparations for dinner. Afternoons
he walks through the woods or walks In
his celery swamp or perhaps makes a
second visit to Riverby.
He always returns from the lowlands
to his cottage among the rocks with a
sense of relief. He is glad to get away
from all connection with what smacks of
hurry and business. To quote his own
words, he has "an unfailing satisfaction
in the simpler, ruder things of life, and
as soon as I step within the walls of Slab
sides my cares slip away from me and I
feel as if I had escaped rrom something
that harassed me."
Nor can the visitor with healthful in
stlncts help sharing this feeling to some
extent. You come under the spell and
think you, too, would like to build a Slab,
sides in some quiet forest dell. But. after
all, the life would probably not fit an
other as it does John Burroughs. Ho Is
one of nature's children and he finds a
happiness in being alone with nature that
is granted to very few.(Pfjwl pages KsL;
25 xo 32
Is the World Growing Better? Yes, Says Evangelist Moody,
And He Tells of the
Glorious Triumphs of
Christianity During
the Last Century.
Or
PEOPLE don't want a fancy religion. They o
cither wan I the best or none at all. I believe in
the grand old truths of hell, heaven, repentance »
and the atonement, and I find that every Chris- °
tian yearns for more of this kind of theology.* I $
believe these doctrines clear through to my back- o
bone, and I always argue that when a church °
shows signs of decay it is because the pastor is ft
departing from the good old way and is giving »
his flock little sugar-coated doses of religion to °
suit each individual taste, and finally they be- $
come disgusted with the treatment and drop off. «
Let a redhot evangelist get into that church ®
and if it would hold in a city like San Francisco o
10,000 people you would still have to turn n
others away. That has been my experience for $
a lifetime, and it is as true to-day as it was $
when L started out, *?
F I should live a hundred years,
yes, a century, I could Dot fulfill
all the engagements I am implored
to make, and yet some of our
bright people say that the work
of evangelists is passing; that it
has had its day and fhat the
world is tired of it. There are
twenty-five evangelists in demand to
day for every one that could be found
twenty-five years ago. and the world
jc beti bem. Yes - lots better.
And yet I read last week that an Oak
land critic had said our day was past.
However, criticism is one of the di
• - f life. It is better that we
zed because then both sides
n are brought out and
I pie can judge of their
. themselves.
amusing to hear some nar
.'Jual talk of the
Christianity and of the
which the world is casting
oe side and rapidly drifting
I infidelity. This is as funny as
■ap p r, for certainly no man
.-■need the true in
■svardi Christian life can taik
it, although he may be a very
i?uesser, and as to the spread of
Ity. there is no such thing.
you hear a statement
here are ten infidels in a certain
\ her^r there was one twenty
ago. Thtt may be true. This
y grows fast and if you care to
you will no doubt find, as
I have found, that In the same sections
•. rs aif" there was not a single
stian, whereas to-day you will
tbly find a thousand.
Speaking for myself, there never was
a time when Dwight L. Moody was in
Buch demand as he is to-day. You
would not credit the facts regarding the
world-wide request for my services.
For many years I have never made a
promise to be at a certain place by a
certain day. I cannot do it. When I
hold a revival in a town, I cannot tell
when It may end. It would be folly to
break off a blessed season of revival
when my Judgment tells me I Bhould
not do so merely because I was due at
gome other place, like a train. Even
now I am six months behind some of
the dates that were fixed for me, and I
do not know how much longer will
elapse before they are kept. This goes
to prove that evangelical, work is as
popular as ever, if I may use such a
term.
You may, if you please, introduce into
the world a new form of so-called re
ligion every day. You would find peo
ple to take up with it and to swear by
It. This is true in all countries. This
kind of thing has gone on foT centuries,
and yet what do we find when an evan
gelist comes along?
I will tell you what we find. We find
a bigger demand than ever for the real
old gospel, and this demand is actually
increased because there have been so
many sideshows attempting to rob it of
its. beauty. Anybody that has been
forced to eat crow for twelve months
would relish turkey for a few days, and
this principle is as true in spiritual
matters as in temporal.
Since the first tweive evangelists were
sent on their way the number has
steadily grown. There never were less
tha-n- twelve. Their work also grows,
long after they have departed.
Will any novelist of to-day be re
membered, or has any writer of the
past nineteen centuries been remem
bered, as have Matthew. Mark. Luke.
John ar.d I'aul? I do not think so.
Neither do I think any intelligent per
son will contradict me. How long do
you think John Wesley and Whitfield
Will be remembered? They will be re
membered centuries after every con
temporary writer has been forgotten.
There have been times, of course.
when the strength of the hold of Chris
tianity upon the people has been ( great
DAVID STARR JORDAN ON FATE.
TO ft>- that "we are all playthings In the hands of the fatep," or that
"we all lie at the feet of the strong god, Circumstance," is simply to
express a half truth, the potent factor of the human will being
omitted.
On the negative side of life we are all creatures of physiological
and physical laws. In our social relations wo are affected by the society in
v.hich we are placed, and our activities are conditi. nod by our opportuni
ties All this we know, and we know, too, that the men who have accom
piisbed anything in life are those who have used circumstances as a lever
age toward the purposes first formed in their own mind. A man without
H^urpose is a tool of the fates, and sometimes the man with a purpose
be so unless he keeps his eyes open.
Hemmed in by the power of the fates is the life of man. For all this
we must remember that the human will is one of the fates and must take
Its place with the others.
In my own life such success as I havo had has enme from bringing
my will to bear en the conditions I found around me whatever they might
be.
** 0000 ™ ■ .
er than at other times. This has been
so from the time when the believers
were first called Christians at Antioch.
History tells us that at certain periods
in certain countries the tyrant and the
oppressor have publicly proclaimed
that r.ot a Christian existed within
their dominions, but what was the
truth in each case? Xo sooner was
such a false boast made than the
Christians rallied and increased more
than ever and proved the falsity of
such statements.
This century now nearlng Its close
has been one of the most marvelous in
regard to the work of evangelists. This
has been in reality an evangelical cen
tury. You could begin ninety-nine
years ago and easily recall a -long list
of men and women "who have moved
the world because of their allegiance
to the truth of the old gospel.
People don't want a fancy religion.
They either want the best or none .at
all. I believe in the grand old truths
of hell, heaven, repentance and the
atonement, and I find that every Chris
tian yearns for m.pre of this kind of
theology. I believe these doctrines
clear through to my backbone, and I
always argue that when a church
shows signs of decay it Is because the
pastor is departing from the good old
way and is giving his flock little siienr
coated doses of religion to suit each
individual taste, and finally they be
come disgusted with the treatment and
drop off.
Let a redhot evangelist get into that
church and if it wt>uld hold in a city
like San Francisco 10,000 people you
would still have to turn others away.
That has been my experience for a life
time, and it is as true to-day as it was
when I started out.
There Is no such thing as localism
to these truths. The world over peo
ple want the real thing, whether it be
in religion or anything else. You can
talk all you like about the excellent
finish, beautiful engraving and clear
ring of a counterfeit coin, but I haven't
met the man yet who would not prefer
the genuine article even if its face bore
the evidence of having been well
rubbed. And it makes no difference
whether he be an American or an Eng
lishman, a Canadian or a Frenchman,
or a Hindu. None of them like counter
feits. I have been for forty years
spreading the seed of Christianity all
over the globe, and I have never yet
conducted a revival where there were
not genuine conversions. Perhaps no
other single man on earth has such a
unique mail as I receive every time I
return to my headquarters in Chicago.
There is a small library of bound peti
tions there from a <1' z-jii countries offer.
SAX FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MARCH 26, 1899.
ing me all manner of Inducements to go
and give them my version <>f the grand
<>ld gospel. It isn't Mood; they want.
There is nothing particularly attrac
tive about him. What they want is the
same old genuine article, and when
Moody gops to his Maker you will find
there will be a dozen others ready to
drop into his shoes and carry forward
the work just the same as I suppose
I took it up where somebody else left
off.
Now. just look at my mail of to-day.-
Here is a letter from Denver, remind
ing me that six months ago I promised,
to visit them and I haven't b.^n there
yet. Neither do I know when I will
IDwiglrt I_- Mioocly a.s He * ;p;pea.rs on the Platform.
Sketched from life.
Mr. Moody does not change. Twenty-five years ago in a little English town I heard him for the first
time, and barring a few more gray hairs and possibly a wrinkle or two he is the same earnest evangelist.
No one talks with him long before being impressed with two facts: One, that the man sincerely bolieves
what he says; the other, that he considers it his duty to lead his fellow beings into the same belief. Mr.
Moody somewhat resembles General Booth. Both are desperately in earnest;
get there. I will go, of course, go any
where if I live long enough, but I can't
fix ,the time.
Here is another letter from Lord Over
ton from Scotland, asking me to let
nothing prevent, my going there as soon
as possible. He tells me of the hun
dreds of churches and the thousands of
Christians that have signed a petition
requi sting me to visit the land of Burns^,
p.nd what is it all for?
To see Moody? Not a bit of It. To
hear Professor Tc-wner lead the choir?
Not by any means. It is simply a repe
tition of the argument that they want
to hear the same old gospel preached
on the same lines as were followed by
the Savior on the njount, and by the
dozen evangelists that he sent out.
Here is another invitatk-n with 15,831
signers from Australia making the same
request; and it is a fair sample of the
others. When I get back to Chicago I
dare not think what I shall find.
■ You people of- California have much
to be thankful for. You are doing welt
Public interest in and the result from
evangelical work comes around in cy
cles. California has just commenced on
a new cycle. Of course, you maj' not
notice it as I do. I have not been in this
State for ten years, and I can see the
difference. There is a wonderful im
provement, and it has stretched into the
most remote corners of the State. lam
happy tn see that it has not been con
fined to the town, but there are little
halls and barns and gospel wagons and
traveling evangelists scattered all over,
each one doing its part faithfully.
This is as it should be. The work of
spreading Christianity should not be
spasmodic. It should be permanent
and thorough, and when a man takes
it up he should make it as completely
his business to obey his Divine Master's
command to go into all the world and
preach the .gospel to every creature as
a jnan considers it his business to serve
faithfully his employer, who pays him
his salary in dollars and cents.
California has improved vastly in a
religious way since my last visit, and
I can ccc the change very plainly. I
have just taken a flying trip over
Southern California and am delighted
and astonished at the marked increase
of interest in religious affairs, and at
the spread of good work everywhere.
The religious tone of the State seems
to be far ahead of what it has ever
been before. All the same places have
been reached and the grand work of
evangelization is being organized, and
in organization lies the secret of suc
cess.
Ten years ago California's Christians
paid little attention to the unhappy
beings within her jails and prisons.
But now this work is a special branch
and is being attended to systematically
with splendid results.
Another gratifying feature is that
there are now two hundred gospel wa
gons. Just think of it. An average of
nearly four to every county in the
State going over the highways and into
the little heard of townships and doing
work hitherto neglected. I am told
that in some townships this gospel wa
gon work has been so thorough that not
a single inhabitant has been missed by
the evangelists, and in every instance
there are conversions.
Does this look as if the work of the
evangelists was passing?
Among the ministers of California
revival work is more popular than
ever. On my present trip I have seen
more unity of action than on the four
previous ones, and investigation proves
that the results of revivals are for the
greater part lasting. I shall remain in
California but a few weeks more, and
while here I am moving around too
quickly to be able to obtain an idea of
what the results may be. But I am
just as confident as ever that in the
future my mail will bring me proofs of
the good results accomplish. il.
Is the old evangelical religion becom
ing stale and is the Bible less popular
than it ever was?
I should say not. I have been asked
that question scores of times. Not lone
since a member of the staff of the New
York Sun asked me that question.
We had a discussion in the Sun edi
torial room and it was remarked that
the Bible was getting out of date and
that the people were reading Sunday
newspapers. One of tne editors sent
me out to investigate, and I found that
more Bibles had been sold in New
York in the last three years than ever
before. Why? In one department
store in Philadelphia they are selling
tons of Bibles. The old book is not
worn out yet; let me tell you that
more Bibles have been sold In the last
eight years than in the preceding 1800
years. ,If I read the papers aright,
COLONEL W. R. SMEDBERQ ON FATE.
I DO not believe at all in the fatalist
creed which makes of us all mere
puppets and holds out no incentive
to strive for higher and better things
than which come to us without effort.
Concerning ourselves and our rela
tion to this world, no living person
knows or can know more than two
things: We have come into it, and we
are destined to go out of it. We can
believe anything we choose, but we can
know only this. My belief is that our
lives are ruled by Providence, but that
our own efforts assist very materially
In determining our successes or our
failures. Nobody can fail • to realize
that there is some wonderful creative
power, and I believe that that power
J^M 25 to 82 gJiP'
during the past few days even the
Pope has advised the whole Christian
world to read the Bible every day.
In Chicago I have my Bible institute
and in connection with it I have a iarg*
Bible class, with a .membership if be-'
tween 6000 and 7000. There are 1100 stu
dents and from sixty to seventy pro
fessora in the faculty, and do you know,
I pay more to a man who can teach the
Bible than to any one who can teach
Greek or Latin.
I have no sympathy with modern
ministers, who believe in a part of the
Bible. It is a calamity for any child of
God to begin to pick the word of God
to pieces. When a man is filled with,
the spirit he gets along pretty well with
the Bible. When he commences to be
come "intellectual" he never knows,
where he will end.
He begins by saying, "I believe some
of the word of God, but I don't believe
it all. I don't believe in some of those
stories of the Old Testament, the story
of Lot's wife, Jonah and the whale,
and the feeding of the children of
Israel with manna and quail in the
dt -<»-rt."
When a Christian talks that way and
gets wiser than the son of God he had
better get out of the pulpit. Christ Bet
the seal r f his approval upon almost
everything in the Old Testament that
men cavil about. He connected the
story of Jonah with his own resurrec
tion. When a man begins to cavil at
the story of Jonah in a few months he
will begin to doubt the resurrection of
Christ. Then his hold on the people
will relax; they will become lukewarm
and as soon as an evangelist comes
along they will swarm to hear him tell
of the good old doctrine o£ hell and
heaven.
As the nineteenth century closes I
can look back and rejoice over the pro
gress that Chrtetiunity has made in
that time. It has steadily gone on and
on in every country when it lias been
carried, and it has been carried into
many new countries since the birth of
this century.
All the great inventions of this cen
tury have helped the cause of Chris
tianity. Th, speedy means of trans
portation, whether by steam or elec
tricity, have all been made use of by
those who are carrying on the work
of evangelists.
It is a lie to say that infidelity is in
creasing. There are probably more
atheists to-day than thftre were, but
there are infinitely more Christians in
proportion.
The researches of science and the
marvelous discoveries of the nineteenth
century nave materially aided in the
support of the truths, principles and
history of Christianity, and although
every means have been taken by those
'who would distort the word of God to
make it appear that these discoveries
substantiate their position, they have
invariably failed.
It is the easiest thing in the world
to tear down. It is the hardest thing
to build, and the best proof of the sta
bility of a structure is the amount of
effort and persistence required to tear
it down.
Nearly two thousand years ago Jesua
Christ completed- the structure of Chris
tianity. Since that time every evil
minded person and the strength of
kings has been used to tear it down,
but without effect. And to-day that
structure stands upon a firmer foun
dation than when the keystone of its
arch was placed on Calvary's hillside.
And yet some of our critics tell us
that Christianity is stale; that the
Bible is worn out, and that the work
of the evangelist is passing.
Pshaw!
"Consider he Lilies."
"As lilies grow, grow thou,"
My Father said.
I knelt, and whispering, "How?"
I bowed my head.
Across the vibrant sky
His answer swept,
"Rise, soul, arise.
And wherefore hast thou crept!
"Through time and life.
Through balmiest breath
Of peace, through stormiest strife.
Past icy death,
"Reach thou with heart aglow
To Heaven and M<\
For thus 'the lilies grow,"
So answered He.
—Alice Katherine Fallows, Harper's Ba
zar.
k^eps charge of us, though we are al
lowed to "work out our own salvation,"
both materially and spiritually.
I don't think it was fate that decreed
that, out of a group of twenty mounted
men, I should be the only one mangled
by a bursting shell. I am very sure if
a certain person had not called to me
and made me pull up my horse in or
der to listen to him that shell would
not have hit me at all. It was not fate
— it was merely an accident of battle.
In great things I believe the Power
beyond us guides us. In the smaller
things of life I think we are left to
use our own brains, and therefore are
to a great degree personally responsi
ble for the tenor of our own lives.26
Qertrude Carroll, Whose Qo\Vr\s Hav>e Been Qreatlvj Admired During
tr c Present Qrand Op*ra Season.
THE opera hap come and gone and
with it vanished the glittering
promenade and charming little
chats, the dinners and delicious
suppers which grand music al
ways brings In its wake. N.'t a ripple of
the gayety of the past fortnight remains
to disturb the calm serenity of Holy Week.
Society has regretfully laid aside its pur
ple and fine linen and will do little during
the next seven days beyond watching for
the blossoming of the Easter lily. The
opening of the white flower comes earlier
than usual this year and the debui
are already looking forward to a num
ber of post-Easter entertainments before
the summer pilgrimage to the mountains
and seashore commences.
.There were a number of guests In town ;
during the opera who came especially for
that event. Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Sadoc
Tobin came up from their home at Bur
lingame and were at the Palace during
the two weeks that the song birds were I
; here. Mrs. John C. Hays and -Mrs.
Charles L. Weller of Alameda were with
their mother during a part of the time.- j
■ A few quiet informal little affairs were '
• given during the week. One of the most
■ delightful of these was the Luncheon
which Mrs. John McMullin gave on
"Wednesday at her home. His Sutter
■ complimentary to her daughter, Mr?. E.
B. Perrin, who is visiting her. The dec- :
. orations consisted of great clusters of
wisteria, which were banked upon the ta
ble with charming effect. Those at table,
besides the hostess and her guest of hon- •
. or, were: Mrs. J. Downey Harvey, Mrs.
Frederick Kohl. Mrs. Frederick H. Green, l
Mrs. Henry E. Bothin, Mrs. James Rus-
Bail, Mrs. Frank J. Sullivan, Mrs. John |
C. Hays and Mrs. McMullin-Belvin.
• * •
Golf and tennis, which are usually such
popular diversions during the Lenten sea
eon, have been sadly handicapped by the
downpour of tht? last week. Not a game
• lias been played in any of the couru or
4>n the links during that tiraa*
• • .
•;. A very pretty wedding which took place j
• last Wednesday was that of Miss Har- j
..riet Coleman and Franklin Andrew
Zane of Chicago. The ceremony was per- I
formed at the home of the bride's father. ;
Hon. John C Coleman, 1834 California j
.-.street. In the presence of about eighty j
■ friends. Dr. George C. Adams of the
First Congregational Church officiated.
, Palms and Easter lilies decorated the
main drawing room, where the bride and
■ groom plighted their troth in a nook !
formed of. palms, with a lattice work of j
Easter lilies above. The bride wore a
handsome gown of white satin trimmed
with dainty pleatings ' of mousseline de
soie. She was attended by her sister.
Miss Bessie Coleman. and Horace Wat
son of Oakland was best man. Mr. and
Mrs. Zanc left the following morning for
.'their future home in Chicago, where Mr.
■ Zane occupies a responsible position with
the Chicago (111.) Trust and Savings
Bank. He is a son of Judgo Zane of Salt
■ Lake. t ;
• • •
Miss Welch, daughter of Lieutenant
Welch, U. S. N.. retired, entertained a
number of friends at a bay excursion,
and visit to the United States battle-ship
lowa on Monday afternoon. The party
was chaperoned by Lieutenant and Mrs
"Welch.
• • . • •
Mrs. William Willis gave an opera party
' Monday evening, which was followed by
a dainty supper at her residence on Cali
. fornia street. Her guests were: Captain
Terry. U. S. X.. and Dr. Simons. U. S. N ,
of the lowa, William H. Alford and Dr
Ellingwood.
.: ' Sir William Dewer, High Sheriff of Lon
don, who has been, making a short visit
. In this city, was the guest of John Caffrey
• in his box at the opera on Tuesday even-
Ing.
•• • •
" • Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Kohl gave an
■ opera party Tuesday- evening, followed
by a supper at the Palace. Their guests
• ere: Mjs. William Kohl, Miss Kohl,
Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Knight, Mr. and
• Mrs. Timothy Hopkins and Miss Bettie
.. Ashe.
Commodore Watson, U. S. X Colonel
Cornpton, U. S. N.. George Whitney Eu
gene Hermida, Miss Catherine Crosby
Miss Grace Embree and Miss Beatrice
. Lindsay were the guests of Mrs. Thomas
. . Crosby Wednesday evening at the opera.
■ Supper followed.
* • •
■ -Princess PoniatowKkl entertained Mr i
■ and Mrs. Horace Blanchard Chase and
-■William H. Crocker at the opera on
' Thursday evening. A supper at the Pal- I
• ace followed.
In Mrs. Rudolph Spreckels* box at the
opera on Friday evening were: Mr. and
Mrs. Horace Blanchard Chase. Mr. and i
: Mrs. Joseph Sadoc Tobin, Mrs. Jessie
.: Dettrick, Mrs. Magee, Miss Virginia Jol
liffe, Allan St. John Bowie and Richard i
Tobin. After the opera they were de
lightfully entertained at supper by Mr.
• and Mrs. Spreckels at their home on Pa
• cific avenue.
• • •
Mrs. A. P. Hotaling Jr. has been visit
ing her parents, Mr. and Mrs. A. Kauf
man, in Portland, Or.
Mrs. H. N. Cook of Belvedere will leave
soon for China, where she will join Mr.
and Mrs. Sterling Postley (nee Cook), who
have been traveling in the Orient during
the past three months.
Mr. and Mrs. Sumner W. Bugbee are
spending a few weeks in Paris.
Mrs. D. M. Delmas and Miss Delmas
came up from their home in Santa Clara
during the week and were at the Palace
Hotel.
Mr. and Mrs. "Whitelaw Reid arrived
from the East on Friday, accompanied
by D. O. Mills. They are here on a va
cation trip and Intend spending: a couple
of months at Mr. Mills* country seat, at
Millbrae, in San Mateo County.
• • •
lir. and Mr*. Cornelius Vanderbilt Jr.
In SOCIETY
This WEEK
of Now York, who came up from Mon
terey early in the week, will leave in a
f. w days for Portland.
Mrs. George L. Bradley and Miss
Haven of Oakland are spending a couple
uf weeks' a 1 I 'oronado.
Mrs. Paul Jarbbe is visiting her sister
in-'.aw. Mrs. Edwin Dimond, at her home
hi Pacific avenue.
Major A. W. Jones, a prominent club
man "^f Victoria, B. C. who has been
making a tour through Southern Cali
fornia, spent a few days In tills city and
left on Wednesday last for his home in
Victoria.
The Kaml.lers gave a pleasant surprise
party to Miss Julia A. Rand Saturday
evening March 18, in honor of her win
ning the mile boat race TTiursday, March
Those present were: Miss Julia :
Hand Mr* Neil Wallace. Miss Tillle j
r Miss Maggie Kelley, Miss Kitty
Warren Miss Mabel Ryan. Miss Nora i
Walsh 'Miss Nell Smith. William Bauer,
Fred Wallac-. John Hylana. William
Warren. Tom Black. Dan O'Day. Harry
Leady, William Right and Richard J.
Wallace Jr.
ABOUT one hundred cards have been
issued for the marriage of Miss Vir
ginia Fair and William K. Vander
bilt Jr., v.hir<tv will take place at the
home of Mr. and Mrs. Herman Oelriehs.
on Fifth avenue and Fifty-seventh street,
Sew York.
* » •
The wedding of Miss Annie cadwalader
and Seymour Wfit.-rhouse will take place
\ r ,Ti'> ":•". Owing to a recent death in the
groom's family the celebration of the
rriarriage will be of the simplest charac
ter Miss Cadwalader is the daughter of
General Charles Cadwalader. Mr. Water
•house is a graduate of the University of
California and Is secretary of the exten
sive mining interests controlled by the
Waterhouse family.
Mr. and Mrs. Rudolph Spreckels gave
a charming supper after the opera Fri
day evening, March 17, at their residence,
2112 Pacific avenue. The decorations were
unique and suggestive of St. Patrick's
da> The guests were: Mr. ftnd Mrs. J.
Downey Harvey, Mr. and Mrs. Horace
Blanchard Chase. Mr. and Mrs. Mount
ford S. Wilson. Mrs. Eleanor, Martin, Mrs.
Harold Bewail, Miss Margaret Jolliffe,
Miss Virginia Jolliffe. Miss Laura Mc
■Klnstry. Miss Alice Moffltt, Miss Alice
Hager, Miss Romietta Wallace, 'Mayor
Phelan, Captain Carmany of the lowa,
Allan St. John Bowie, George E. Hall,
Walter Martin, Peter D. Martin and Clar
ence McKlnstry.
. . .
Mrs. H. M. A. Miller cave a very
pretty luncheon at her residence on Alice
street Oakland, on Thursday, March 16.
Those entertained were: Mrs. Mark
■ Mrs. Oscar F. I>ong, Mrs. Victor
11 M.e.iif Mrs. George McNear Jr.,
Mrs Edion Adams, Mrs. William Magee.
Mrs. William (1. Henshaw, Mrs. C. O.
G Miller, Mis. Harry East Miller. Mrs.
John B. Mhoon. Mrs. Orestes Pierce, Mrs.
Thomas Magee Jr. and Mrs. P. E. Bowles.
Saturday evening, March is. a very de
lightful birthday party was given by Miss
Phoebe Painter at the home of her grand
;,.!'!:■ r. David J. Staples, 711 Taylor street.
The young hostess was prettily gowned
in a jiink silk frock, veiled with mousse
line de Boie of the same shade. She was
assisted In receiving by her aunt, Mrs. H.
W. Seamans, Miss Lizzie Painter and
Miss Eleanor Morrow. Those who partici
pated tivities were: Miss Lillian
Sandman, Miss Paula Wolff, Miss Amy
Garoutte, Miss Grace> Garoutte, Miss
Alice May, Miss Georgia Spencer, Miss
Gfadys Merrill. Mies May Foster, Miss
Emma Brown, Miss Eugenic Haw«i. Miss
Rachael Hovey. Mites . Eleanor Morrow,
Miss Alice Wilkinn, Miss Gertrude Dut
ton, Miss Mollie Dutton, Miss Ma
bel Toy, Miss' Ethel Miles, Miss
Harriett Moultom. Miss Norma Cas
tle, Miss Ruth Jackson, Miss Helen Dick
ens. Miss Frances Smile, Miss Marlon
Harrison, Charles Kenyon, William
Adams. Charles Brown. Arthur Foster,
Harry Wilkins, George Gage, Duval
Moore, Herbert Baker, Aimer Ncwhall,
Ernest Cross. Horace Reid, Edwin New
hall, Henry Weihe, Lester Wells, J.oslah
Beedey, Harry Hand, Ralph Merrill,
Harry Alderson. Joseph Roseborough,
Herbert Martin, Clay Miller, Richard Ho
vey, Carl Lehmards, Frank Dutton, Em
erson Warneld, Oliver Dibblee and Ger
ard Clement.
* *
The flag-raising at the San Francisco
Golf Club, San Rafael, Saturday, March
IS, was an Interesting social event. At
the conclusion of the ceremonies a lunch
eon was served in the clubhouse. Those
at table were: Mrs. Frederick H. Green,
Judge and Mrs. W. W. Morrow, the
Misses Morrow, Mrs. M. H. de Young,
Mrs. John F. Boyd, Miss Anita L. Dibblee,
Baron Alexander yon Schroeder, Baron
J. H. yon Schroeder, William Babcock,
Carter P. Pomeroy, Edward Griffith and
Dr. H. O. Howltt.
Mr. and Mr?. James Newlands Jr. have
returned from their wedding trip and are
at present occupying apartments at the
Palace Hotel.
Mrs. Thomas Mapee Jr. has been spend
ing a few dtt.vs with her mother, Mrs
Valentine O. Hush, at Santa Rosa. Mrs.
Hush is recovering from an attack of la
grippe, and will soon return to her homo
in Oakland.
Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Rodgers and fam
ily have returned from a trip to New
York.
Mrs. Henry Whitely, who has been the
guest of Mrp. Porteous at Ross Valley,
has returned to the city.
Mr. and Mrs. Winfield S. Davis, who
have been spending the winter in San
Francisco, have, returned to their home
in Ross Valley.
* * * .
Colonel Harry Fisher, accompanied by
his wife and daughter, arrived here on
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 20, 1899*
the China, and are the guests of Mr. and
Mrs. Henry Fisher at L'62B California
6treet.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Breedon. who
since their marriage several months ago
have resided at the Palace Hotrl, have
taken a house on Pierce street, near
Broadway.
Dr. William Martin, a retired naval sur
geon and a prominent member of the Bo
hemian Club, left Tuesday for a visit to
Hermosillo. Mexico.
W. F. Whittter, accompanied by his
niece, Miss Lottie Woods, left for the
East a week ago Friday. They -will visit
Mrs. William Boyd Weir, who was for
merly Miss Whittler.
A delightful reception was held at the
home of Captain and Mrs. Nelson Pro
voet, on McKee street, Lorin, on the even
ing of the 11th inst., from S to 11. Tho
house was profusely decorated with
choice flowers and greens, the banquet
hall especially being- a perfect bower of
white roses. Those present were: Mr.
and Mrs. Charles Carter, Mr. and Mrs.
! William I. Brobeck, Mr. and Mrs. Otis L.
I Swett, Captain and Mrs. Provost, Mr. and
I Mrs. Ashton Leach, Mrs. Gertrude Bro
| beck. Mrs. Andrew Hare. Miss Margaret
Ronaldson. Miss Annie Ronaldson. Miss
1 Emma Hare, Miss Mary Brobeck. Mlsa
; Rose Coffin, Howard Smithon, Joseph
| Orr Henry Deitrlch, Charles Holton and
R. B. McClellan.
Charles L. Bleadon and Miss Sarah At
tell wore united in marriage last Sunday
I evening at Union-square Hall, in tho pres
ence <>f a number of their friends. The
Rev. Dr. Isidore Meyers officiated.
The engagement is announced of George
B. Bennett and Miss Susie F. Hall. Mr.
i Bennett is associated with Haseltine &
I Co. He is also a member of the Brother
hood of St. Andrew and of the army
committee of that organization, which
; did puch splendid work among the volun
i teers at Manila. Both Mr. Bennett and
I Miss Hall are prominent members of the
; Winter Cotillon Club, Mr. Bennett being
' one of its founders and at present its see
' retary. The date of the wedding has not
Miss Murphy is one of the two daughters of S. G. Murphy of the First National Bank. She was presented at the last
"drawing room" of Queen Victoria. Miss Murphy made her debut In society here at a big fancy dress ball given in her
honor at the Palace. Hotel last winter. The above photograph was taken of her in •"The Water Lily," said to be the
prettiest costume of its kind ever seen h ere at a fancy dress ball.
yet been definitely fixed, but it will
probably take place shortly after Easter.
' *■• . * • •
Mrs. E. Davis entertained the members
of the 8:15 Whist Club at her home. 1190
Eighteenth street. Oakland, on Tuesday
evening. Those present were: Mr. and
Mrs. Roach, Mr. and Mrs. F. Dorsay, Mr.
and Mrs. White, Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Plrie,
Mr. and Mrs. McKinley, Mr. and- Mrs. Da
vis, Miss Estella Short, Miss Lillian Bot
ters. Mr. Amsden and G. W. Dugdell. The
first prizes were won by Mrs. J. F. Pirie
and Mr. Amsden and the consolation fa
vors by Miss L. Botters and Mr. McKin
ney. : y--:r'._
The fourteenth anniversary reception,
and ball of the Bay City Wheelmen,
which was postponed from February 8
owing to the death of one of the members,
will be held on Wednesday evening, April
5, at the Maple room of the Palace Hotel.
The wedding- of Miss Annie Hermann
and Paul Kumll was celebrated Saturday
evening, March IS, at the residence of the
bride's sister, Mrs. Bosse, 3627 Nineteenth
street. The ceremony was performed by
the Rev. J. H. Shroeder.
Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Herman celebrated
their twenty-fifth marriage anniversary
last Wednesday evening at their resi
dence. 3613 Broderick street. Those pres
ent were: Mrs. R. Herman, Mr. and Mrs.
Oscar T. Weber, Mrs. J. Shaw, Miss Kafe
Shaw, Miss May Shaw. Miss Nora Shaw,
Jesse Shaw, Mr. and Mrs. C. Classen. Mr.
and Mrs. George Cowan, Mrs. Alice Grif
fiths, Albert Pon, Al Bolieaux, Miss Lil
lian Stiller, Miss O!ga Herman, Miss Ma
bel S. Herman, Miss Lizzie C. Herman,
Master Walter T. Herman, Master Al
Fred O. Herman, Miss Audrey Fattridge,
Miss- May Roonan. John Hayden, Kirk
Pattridge and Emile Herman.
* • *
Miss Hattie A. Gimpel was tendered a
i (surprise party recently In honor of her
birthday. Those present -were: Mrs. s.
P. Daggett; Mrs. Fredricks, Mr. Fred
ricks, Miss Hattie Fredricks. Miss Julia
i Moller, W. D. Moller, L. H. Moller, Miss
i Bell, Miss Gimpel, U B. Dagr&ett, O. For
rest and C. Bell.
The following passengers sailed on the
! steamship Alameda last Wednesday: For
! Honolulu-J. F. Beck, W. H. Carroll. John
Charles, Hon. C. D. Clark and wife. Col
onel C. E. Compton, Miss Dowsett. C.
Duroi, E. F. Emerson and wife, George
! C. Fltschen, Andrew F. Fulton. Miss J.
! M. Fulton, Van Gafre and wife, W. F. C.
Hasson, F. F. Jaques and wife, William
Kerr, W. E. Smith, Captain R. Sweasey,
Mrs. C. D. Warren, Miss N. Watson. A.
Welll, Miss Jewel Wlllard, L. D. Wllll
cut. For Apia— W. Bahre. For Sydney
i J. H. Goodlet, Mrs. William Grace x W. R.
Green, wife and maid; Julius Hanan, A.
W. Marshall, D. McGill, W. A. Munro,
Miss P. Pickering, J. H. Porter, Andre
Biegfried, Charles W. Simpson, L.
i dervelde. A. Williamson and wife. Master
! Fred Williamson, Master Norman Wil
i liamson and Miss Bessie Williamson.
• * •
Mrs. Lena A. Son announces the en
gagement of her daughter. Miss Carrie
Son to Harry Gabriel. Thry -will be
pleased to see their friends on Sunday
afternoon, April 9, at 1346 Ellis street
The engagement Is announced of Miss
Freda Ortmann. daughter of Mr. and '.
Mrs J. F. Ortmann. to Dr. Thomas E.
Shumate. The wedding -will take place i
early In April.
The engagement Is announced nf Miss \
Fannie Guttman and I»uis Van Vllet.
both of this city.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Franklin announce the
engagement of their daughter. Miss Tes
sle Franklin, to May Solomon. They will:
receive on Sunday and Monday, April Z
and 3, from 2 to 5 p. m., at their residence,
Adelaide Murphy.
Photograph by Taber.
-1227 Geary street.
The engagement is announced of
Charles Barron and Mrs. Lena Silver.
The wedding will take place Sunday.
April 2. at the residence of Mr. Barron's
sister, 383 Oak street.
Young Ladies' Institute November 1
will give its first social hop at Pioneer
Hall on Wednesday evening, April 5.
James S. Arguello, a young capitalist
of San Jose, is at the Savoy.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Pinto will be pleased
to receive their friends on Sunday after
noon, April 9. in honor of their golden
wedding anniversary at their residence,
806 A Vallejo street.
A tea for the benefit of the San Fran
cisco Girls' Union will be given on Thurs
day afternoon. April 6. at the rooms of
the Sorosis Club in this ctly. There are a
great number of society ladies interested
in the union who are aiding in this en
tertainment.' There will be a very inter
esting musical programme, and light re
freshments will be served.
Mr. and Mrs. John L. Tierney, after an
absence of two months in New York,
have returned to the city and will be at
home at 2940 California street.
The wedding of Michaelis Glaser, a
prominent merchant of this city, and
Miss Zelda Lewis took place Sunday
evening. March 19. at 6 o clock, at the
residence of the bride's sister, Mrs. J. W.
Trleber. 919 McAllister street.
Among the invited guests wore Mr. and
Mrs. M. Glaser. Mr. nnd Mr? J. W. rr -'^-
ber, Mr. and Mrs. B. Cohen, Mr. and Mrs.
M. Morgenstern, Mr. and Mrs. A. Sidiow
ski. Mr. and Mrs. K. I. Glaser. Mr. and
Mrs. Sam Gla6er, Mr. and Mrs. M. Ber
ger, Mr. and Mrs. Harry Meyers, Mr. and
Mrs. J. Calmann.Mr. and Mrs. Joe Rosen-
berg, Mr. and Mrs. Leo Kaufman. Mr.
nnii i atm C Hyman, Mr. and Mrs. H.
Sr.JB.Ki Mrs. I ™ a-""
SARAH BERNHARDT`S
STORY OF HER OWN LIFE
Special to The Sunday CalL
FOR some time past Mme. Sarah
gfrnhardt has been engaged in
n . r ,. ine her "Memoirs," and an
nalian journalist, Signor Gaetano
Barbel was recently fortunate
enough 'to be permitted to copy
Serest to the numerous admirers of the
* r £L?%!th* glad to know how and
ss s= srss
he^Pr h 7r r in-a millinery shop/ said my
godfather. 'That will be her *»««™
Lace and rags will be her element. The
little one Is too smart not to succeed in
it.' An old friend of my mother, how
ever, who was then Minister, remarked
that the theater offered to me a great
probability of success, and my mother
was of the same opinion. I was not ugly,
and I had what is bettor, namely, a sweet
voice and beautiful teeth, so that T could
smile. I was growing very rapidly, with
a pronounced tendency to become fat. No
body could suppose then that my leanness
would in after years give journalists such
a grand opportunity to make fun of me.
To be brief, it was arranged that Emile
de Girardin should introduce me to M.
Auber.
"My mother, being: Dutch, and not hav
| ing the slightest idea how I should begin
my theatrical career, it was necessary for
my aunt to explain everything to her in
Dutch. The two talked a long time to
the Minister. I was sitting alone in a
corner of the drawing-room with the fear
of the unknown ever before me. I was
thinking, What w.lll be my future? Happy
dreams filled my imagination, though
meanwhile as T listened to my two little
sisters playing in the next room I could
not help feeling sad. The rude accents of
the Dutch language were beating in my
I head, and the mysterious voices of the
speakers in the next room produced in me
a real uneasiness. I heard my godfather
and the Minister talking, and I felt so un
happy that I burst into tears. Just then
Miss Gracie Jacobs, Mrs. Pesha. Miss
Sena Cohen, Miss Sophia Cohen. Miss
Jessie Cohen. Miss Roaie Morgenstern.
Miss E. Stamper, Miss T. Levy. Miss May
Roth, Mr. I. Glaser. Mr. Arnold Glaser,
Mr. Rudolph Morgenstern, Mr. Davis,
Mr. M. Regensberger. Mr A Levy, Mr.
Cohen. Dr. A. S. Adler Dr. Miller. Mr.
J. Cohen. Mr. liorck, Mr. B. Salomon
Mr. Fisher, Mr. Salomon, Mr. A. Le\>
and Mr. M. Grosslicht.
Mr. and Mrs. M. Glaser left for Mon
terey, Santa Cruz, San Jose etc.. on Mon
day, and on their return wi 1 mak.- their
temporary home at the residence of Mrs.
J. W. Trieber. 919 McAllister street, sis
ter of the bride, until the completion of
their own residence. ___ , . „,_!♦
Mlsb Lena Marx of Portland is visit
ing Mrs. Falk at 17im Buchanan street.
The initial ''evening at home of The
Circle Francals was held at the rooms
of the olub on Wednesday evening last
The affair was remarkably well attended
considering the poor weather The at
tendance was so great that it became
necessary to open the I'nion Square Hall
for the benefit of the* dancers. An elan
orate programme was rendered, cacti
number of which was heartily encored.
Among those who took part in the even
ing's entertainment were: Mrs. K. &■
Revalk of Oakland, Mr. Edward Hanlon.
Mr F Thompson. Mr. Kramer and Miss
Newman, all of this city. After the ren
dition of the programme those present
enjoyed dancing until very late.
Mr I Prager. accompanied by his sis
ter, Miss Ceil Pragfr. loaves to-morrow
on a three months' Eastern trip.
The fourth social of the Lorely Social
Club was held Thursday evening, March
23 at Wells Hall. The members and
their many friends were present to en
joy the dance. A distinguishing feature
of the evening was the handsome gowns
worn by the young ladies present. * Rom
all indications the club promises to have
a bright future.
my mother and aunt and the two men
approached me.
" 'Why do you cry?' asked my mother,
caressing me tenderly. 'Don't you want to
be an actress?'
" 'I want to be a nun,' I whispered
through my sobs.
" 'You are a fool,' exclaimed my aunt,
shaking me by the shoulder. ' 'Girls nowa
days are really very stupid,' remarked
my godfather.
" 'Go and dress yourself,' said my
mother, 'and don't cry-'
"I kissed my mother tenderly, without
being able to utter a word, and as I left
the drawing room I somewhat regained
my composure.
"On the following day I was Introduced
to M. Girardin, who found me nice and
charming, and a little like Rachel. Ho
promised to take care of me, and he kept
his word. In fact two days later my
mother received a letter from him asking
her to be at the Conservatorium on such
a date. Then came the dressmaker, and
instructions were given to have a black
s!lk dress ready for me to wear on the
eventful day. On the sam" day a hair
dresser was called in, and he curled and
twisted my hair as much as possible, the
result being that when the task was
over my godfather declared that I
looked like a grown girl' and no more
like a mad dog. The short skirt showed
my embroidered underwear, and in the
sleeves, which were made expressly large,
my very thin arms swung loosely. A cor
al necklace attempted to cover in some
measure the thinness and length of my
neck.
"I have not forgotten the powder, of
which my eyebrows and ears were full.
Tricked out in this fashion I was simply
horrible. and when I was introduced to
Auber in company with many other girls,
who were white and pink and nice, he
shook his shoulders, and, muttering
'Why, Girardin is a fool,' he did not
deign to give me another look.
"My nurse let me understand that the
ceremony of introduction was finished and
we went away. The usher put down my
name and informed Mllo. 9e Rrandeber,
my nurse, that the examination for ad
mission would take place in a few days.
" 'What lessons shall I prepare for It?'
I asked him.
" Whatever you like,' was the reply.
"As soon as I reached home a discus
sion bfgan as to the subject which should
he selected for the examination. My
mother, being a foreigner, was unable to
select anything. My piano teacher, be
ing the daughter of a theatrical celebrity,
suggested that I should learn some
verses. My godfather, on the other hand,
suggested a fable. The discussion grew
very lively. Somebody thought it stupid
to recite a fable, yet my godfather's ad
vice prevailed. He had heard Rachel re
cite La Fontaine's 'Fable of Two Pig
eons," and this was finally selected.
"At once a search was made for the
book of fables and, while my mother was
embroidering and my friends were play
ing, while my piano teacher was whis
pering to the Count de X., and my god
father was coughing, I began to study
the "Fable of the Two Pigeons."
"That was one of the most dreadful
evenings of my whole life.
"At last the great day arrived. My hair
on this occasion was not arranged by
the hair dresser, and I appeared at the
Conservatorium in my usual style, with
my little girlish face and my customary
childish self-possession. Many other
young girls were there, handsome, nice
and charming, some talking with anima
tion, others pale and trembling. Each
had hope in the heart arid fear in the
eyes.
"When I was called upon I was fright
ened, and I felt a strong desire to run
away. I went into the room more dead
than alive. All around a large table sat
several gentlemen, talking and arguing.
At the end of the room was a young man
dressed in black and with two large black
eyes. This waa Leotand.
11 'What are you going to recite?" he
asked.
"The 'Fable of Two Pigeons,' I mur
mured, in a very low voice.
" -This is not the place in which to re
cite fables,' he replied, with a laugh.
"Then, as a bell rang, he whispered,
'Make a bow,' and I looked around among
those who were facing me In March of
some one who might Inspire me with con
fidence. For a second I hoped that Au
ber would be the one, but his mocking
smile deterred mo. lie saw hoi* 1 t. li.
and he pointed mo out to M. August."
Brohan, who began to laugh. Tears Mli.-d
my eyes, and only a gentle look of <\i
mille Domet save me a little courage. I
began the fable and I went through It
in one breath.
" "Little one.' said Auber, 'do you know
anything else?'
" 'Yes.' I replied, 'I know the scone
from "Agnese," but not too well."
" 'Well, recke what you know. 1
"When I was through and about to
leave the room Auber turned to the othor
gentlemen and said, 'She's a very m,-,
little girl.' Another gentleman said •]
will take her in my class and make some
thing of her.' The speaker was M. Pro
vost. I kissed him and ran away, vny
happy. I was accepted.
"The first time I went to my course* at
the Conservatorium M. Provost made first
the boys and then the girls recito some
thing. When my turn came I was trem
bling with shame. I had learned the role
of Junia in 'Brltannicus' and immediately
I became for Provost a subject of sad
mockery. I could not vibrate or pro
nounce with such emphasis as to give me
a German accent. After I had recited a
few verses Provost mad P me sit down
and declared he would not-glv* me an'
more lessons until I. had learned how to
vibrate. I was consoled by Mile, de Bran
deber, and I tried hard to succeed.
i "♦>,*'*£ c ° ntinua "y chewing rubber balls
in the hope of thus learning how to vi
brate. My mouth was horribly open and
from morning until evening and often
from evening till morning I did nothing
.but pronounce alone in my room tl. di, tl
di, U, ■ di. Oh, hat Joy. was mine when i
at last was able to accomplish this diffi
cult task."
The "Memoirs," it is said, will contain
a complete a6count of the author's career
on the stage, and, !f only for this reason,
it is safe to say that they will prove high
ly interesting to the reading public.
QADSKI'S INIEJiESJ
in the
Biggest Trust irv the World.
T T ERR TAUSCHER, Mme. Gadski's
husband, is almost as important a
"~ personage in the military world as
the great soprano is in that of mv
- - -*• sic. She. of course, retains for pro
fessional purposes the name under
which she. won her fame. He ranks high
In what is probably the biggest trust in
the world to-day.
Herr Tatischer accompanies his wife on
hor present tour, and is now in this city.
H.> is assistant director Of the German
Arms and Ammunition Factory of Efr
>in. The company is capitalized at over
$100,000,000, and controls the world's mar
kets in military firearms. An army of
20,000 men is employed In its various
works day and ni^ht. constantly turning
out rifles," pistols and smokeless powdt r.
The daily output of the works controlled
by the trust is 2500 rifles and 1 .000 .000 car
tridges., if they are run to their full ca
pacity, besides an almost indefinite quan
tity of other munitions of war.
One of the principal articles produrofl
by the company is the famous Mauser
rifle, which was used by the Spanish sol
diers in the recent war. During the last
ten years the company has supplied va
rious governments with over 3,009,000 rifles
of the Mauser pattern. The trust deals
mainly with governments, filling immense
orders, and it is now negotiating with
Germany to supply that nation with an
enormous number of Mauser rifles, which
have come to be regarded as the best
rifles made, in point of precision, pene
tration and simplicity of mechanism. Tho
present pattern is the result of fifteen
years' experimenting with smokeless re
peaters.
The three departments of the trust
which manufacture the Mauser repeating
rifle and its ammunition are the Berlin.
Karlsruhe and the Grotzingen Loading
Works. In the Berlin factories over 3000
machines are operated for the production
of small arms. Each separate piece of
the rifle is taken ;is an entity, and there
are some 1070 distinct operations on earn
rifle. The main works in Karlsruhe are
devoted to the manufacture of cartridge
shells, bullets and loading clips. There
is also a large branch for the manufac
ture of cartridges and the elements of
ammunition. At the Gn>tzing<en Loading
Works, near Karlsruhe, the shells are
primed, loaded and picked. Percussion
caps and primers of all descriptions are
made at tf)urlach. Tn tiie three depart
ments over 2400 machines are in use. Each
of the.se works has its own shooting
range, where all the neoe"ssary tests are
made for the various elements of a car
tridge. The works in Oberndorf on tha
Neckar have 2100 machines for the manu
facture of tools, drop hammers and ma
chinery for the carrying out of special
operations only. The cartridge and load
ing clip undergo some eighty-three dis
tinct operations in thoir production.
The arm." factory at Oberndorf on the
Neckar originally belonged to Paul
Mauser, the inventor of the rifle, but it
was absorbed by the combine and he waa
made director of the rifle department. Tha
other concerns controlled by the big trust
are the National Factory of Liege, Bel
gium employing 2500 hands; the Hungary
\rm? and Machine Works of Buda-Pesth,
the Cologne-Rottweiler Powder Factory,
besides all the principal powder works in
Germany.
In addition to all these the trust haa
an immense electrical department and
owns tho rig-hts for all Europe of the
Union Electrical Company and the
Thomson-Houston Electric Company of
Boston. The electric cars for European
street railways will all be constructed by
the trust.
One of the most important productions
ny the German Arms Compaay is th«
Maxim machine gun. which has been sup
plied to the German and other navies.
Another step forward in the progress of
firearm technique has also been made in
the Borchardt automatic rifle and pistol,
which loads automatically by the recoil.
All that is necessary to operate this fire
arm is the pulling of the trigger. There
is no recoil, for the recoil is taken up to
work the mechanism. The rifle carries
to in*Xt yards and is effective at 500. It
weierhs but three pounds in all. and can
be carried almost as easily as a pair of
opera glasses. It has been tested in the
United States Armory at Springfield,
where the functions of the mechanism for
a single shot were found to occupy less
than one-twenty-fifth part of a second.
Thl" invention. It is said, will revolution
ize the pistol and rifle problem In mili
tary warfare. _
The Old Hymrxs.
There's lots of music in 'em, the hymns ot
An' TEE^^eYtS^oV™ I^'
I sorter want to take a hand— l think *
••On Jordan ? n? st y banks I stand an*
cast a wistful eye.
There's lots o' music in "em— those dear,
sweet hymns of old.
W r lth visions bright of lands of light. an<X
shining streets of gold;
An' I hear 'em ringing— singing:, where
menVry, dreaming, stands,
"From Greenland's icy mountains to In
dia's coral strands."
They seem to sing forever of hotter,
sweeter days, . ■ - •
When the lilies of the love of God
bloomed white in all the ways;
And I want to hear their music from the
old-time meetin's rise
Till "I can read my title clear to man
sions in the skies." •• • ■•"• » !
We never needed slngin' books In them
old days; we knew
The words— the tunes of every one the
dear old hymn book through!
Wo didn'l have no trumpets then— no or
gans built for show;
We only ?;\iik to praise the Lord "from
whom all blessings flow."
An' so I love th 6 old hymns, and when my
time shall come —
Before the light has left me, and my
singing lips are dumb —
If I can only hear 'em then, I'll pass with
out a siKb
"To Canaan's lair and happy land, where
my possession! lie!"
Atlanta Constitution.
Some Tennessee JRiflemerv
A yarn Is told In Manila, and it con
cerns'tho prison and two Tennessee vol
unteers A Filipino convict had climbed
th-> prison wall and was running for dear
Hfo through the open. Two long-legged
Xsnnemcieiinji wore on guard duty. They
Un.>« M.I to fire.
•■l don't guess It's more than :too yards,"
one, quletlj
"1 rtokon It'n most 500," snld the other,
•'• If ho were discussing the weather.
Tho pi i nn»r was running like a deer.
and rapidly Rpproachlna the undergrowth
around Innumerable little huts, where he
would be jinfe.
"Cull 1t, 400." suggested the first Ten
'"•" ■■■' •»". In h. conciliatory tone.
They »djuati - their sights, .timed and
fired. Tho ejCftpJng convict fell, and the
two Tonnfa.ipuu.-i went out to brine in
what wait left of him. 8 •
"If li.--. hit in the head. It'a my. shot "
Bale one.
"I aimed low. aooo'dln 1 to amy regu
lations." drawled the other
The convict v .. found with one bullet
through the hack of hie head and another
through Hi,- lower etui of his spin*. They
know how to ShOot in th« mountains of
Tennessee.— Harper's Weekly.
Q> <§><$> f> 4> <$<&>& 4> $>$><%>&<s<s> 4> \$ & &
* " &
* The Sunday Call, 32 ♦
* pages, delivered at if our - *
$, hortve by mail for $1 50 X
♦ a, year. Subscribe for it. ♦
* ■ *
ft $ $ .*. $ $ ♦. %$J>. $. & & $ $ +Virginia Fair`s Wedding Gown
-q==3 HE details of the two most Inter- I
Kjj) .' erring weddings of Easter week j
rj:' have now been arranged. When |
:;."■- Miss Virginia Fair becomes the
£. . bride of William K. Vanderbllt
■ : .-.; Jr.,. on April 4, the magnificence
: .Oe; occasion which unites the repre
;.i-:v»s of two groat fortunes will be
.ysinl'ejed in the history of fashion
, -:^;^>w ' York. Before society has had
jj'e.'ttf talk it over, however, an equally
• ?^Oin*r." and Imposing ceremony will
.r.w" : ■.• next clay, when Miss Emily"
.?;d-er~biir Sloane becomes the wife of
; :.a 31. Hammond.
Vho weeding- ceremony of Mr. Vander
t and Miss Fair will be performed by
.".itV.pt. Murphy at noon on Tuesday,
■ .-:: *. at the residence of Mr. and Mrs.
■■.rmm Oelrlchs. on the northeast cor
• r of -Fifth avenue and Fifty-seventh
r et
In the . beautiful conservatory which
,'T.s from the salon on the Fifty-sev
.;::>str«et side of the Oelrichs home a
,-, iipr.jflcejnt altar will be erected. Before
;ris.'aliar, which will be ablaze with
■Xx candles, the couple will be married.
\'r. . rbilt'a best man will be Mr.
■ .irrolT. a classmate at Harvard. Miss
•vir has selected as maid of honor her
.T.orifi."' Miss Tolfree of California,
PO(t the conservatory is a large room,'
T.ich'"will • be arranged like a Gothic
rhapeiv It will be " literally filled with
T,a-utiful pink roses. This color, by the
v.-.y, will predominate in the decorations.
[£K« .wedding breakfast will be served at
Mr-all tables placed in the dining and re
■ option rooms and in the great hall on
the main floor. In all these rooms the
•r3.Hb, will bo literally covered with pink
roses.
Her Wedding QoWr\.
The details of Miss Fair's wedding
jmwn have been kept a profound secret.
The gpwn Is of heavy white satin un
i.dually fine. Its skirt is trimmed with
rare old lace- that is put on in a point in
front and goes up the back in two
f.runces. It has a court train, and all
l.the seams of the skirt are embroidered
In pearls in maiden-hair fern pattern.
daintily designed and well adapt
jult Miss Fair's style of beauty is
This la trimmed with a
5 yoke" of the old lace, put on flat
The sleeves are marvelously
r wa of three tucks going
These little tucks are almost in
ible and beautifully fine. Between
ks are insertions of the same fine
so laid on flat. At the wrists there
ther fall of the lace.
body of the waist Is made after
une manner, with tucks and inser
rf the lace, and there is also a full
f it.
tit the throat there is a high collar
• lace laid upon standing pieces of
satin. The veil also Is of lace.
With the gown iliss Fair Is to wear
satin slippers embroidered in pearls
=;lk stockines.
ly all of Miss Fair's costumes
have been designed or suggested by Miss
Fair herself.
Many of the gowns are exceedingly
and yet so smart In effect that
rgets their severity.
/Ul Kinds of QoWrvs.
One of the prettiest of these simple
- is of sheerest, finest Ivory-white
china silk— the kind that has a sheen and
shimmer. This is most beautifully made
r a rich rose-pink china silk, which
glows through the white slik like the
sea shell.
It is an afternoon gown for summer
uad is finished off at the throat by
- Of tine fluffy lace, and there is a
jnVd-le 'of black velvet ending in a large
-ide of the front, this be-
Lhe French touch which raises it
the ordinary. There is also a
■ ler knot of black velvet, and the
effect of the clear white and pink, set off
:. black, is wonderfully pretty.
With this gown Miss Fair will wear a
hat of rough sunburnt straw laden
: trge, full-blown pink rose?.' and a
tall cockade at one side of black velvet
loops, and there are long streamers of
Mack velvet down the back, attached to
the hat by square buckles of fine-cut
Fteql and brilliants.
An exquisite gown for carriage and
railing wear Is of pale lavender mousse
soie mounted on brilliant emerald
siik. The gTeen is modified and
tubdued by the delicate lavender over it,
and as it gleams through the mousseline
mysterious fashion it Is charming
lr> effect.
There is a deep plissed flounce of the
Lavender mousseline de soie set on very
•■out the bottom with a small ruche.
Above this the gown clings closely to the
figure and there are delicate embroid
carried out in silk of the same
Phade of lavender which trail up nearly
t<-> the waist.
Th* sleeves and yoke are of little puffs,
as tiny as they can be made, and they
fexien'd far over the hands in points.
r the figure at the sides and back is
fitted the most beautiful Venetian point
lace in a rich ecru, and the stock Is of
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
— -»^M^^n Is removed by DR. and MRS.
f^Hr^M A "\V. TRAVERSE. Uonohoe
*gVte<&ii building, 1170 Market w th cor.
Taylor, rooms 2S-29. with the
g^-^Mt^B electric needle, without pain or
fr^K^JM scar. Moles, -warts, wrinkles.
BS§k*"\2 blackheaJs. fr^ckl^p. blrth-
Br —^B marks, etc., also removed. Per-
' t&mK&SttiSe. manency guaranteed. Hours, 1
JSSb^^^^^S to 4p. in. _^___^^_^_^__^_^_
aWuncemenl
I have just received a NEW AND
BEAUTIFUL LINE OF
IMPORTED SUITINGS
For ladies" tailor-made suits.
Ladies will please to come early
and make their selections. All suits
guaranteed.
HOFFMAN, *J£USr
rt t Hi t has fashioned It 1b not only th<* rare and priceless lace and the rich and gleaming satin that make this a gown of gowns. It has that
Bnablo air that Pr° clai ™ s brimmed with rare old lace that is put on in a point in front and goes up the back in two flounces. It has a court tral^ an ° roYs o f three tucks going across. Between the tucks are insertions of the same fine lace, also Laid
white satin Its sWrt la tr ™|y ea Tnlp ls tr i mm ed with a "priest's yoke" of the old lace put on flat and plain. The slee "« J™ marvekms y tucicea m ro^» u r he , g &hl h collar of the lacs lald v standi ng pieces of white satin. The
E^-ff^JMSitSiffj*! J^^^^^Ja&^p^eSbSSS^g 52S.Sd ??h?n^ iIS the bn,epu £ c, the .range blossoms. One flounce of lac instead ot two may be used on the ,Urt
.veil also is of lace- J With c u P n^cided whether the second flounce is an Improvement or whether it. removal will enhance the beauty of this marvelous work of the modistes art.
isescrfption of Jfccr !/2eautiYul and Slaborate Tjrousseau.
■ ••' '• .'. ; '.'..' ' ' ' '
the same laoe, made to stand up very
hich at the back into the hair.
Beautiful E\terving Dresses
With this gown Mfsa Fair will wear a
very unusual hat and one after her own
exclusive design, with no thanks to
French milliners for any of the sugges
tions.
It is of long- stems of flowers made over
a frame and caught down at intervals.
It is turned up at the back and worn a lit
tle forward. It is trimmed with a wreath
or circulet of purple grapes, and large
grape leaves and black velvet rosettes
are tucked under the . turned-up back
A cockade of lace is the basis for a mass
of live black paradise plumes.
There are many evening dresses in th
outfit, and one of the prettiest of them
Is of white India gauze with trimmings of
gold and rosettes made of pin
gauze with green leaves. The skirt
trails beautifully about the feet
and is very long- at the back. The whole
skirt Is flounced with deep plisse
flounces of the tulle embroidered delicate
ly at the edge with gold thread and gold
sequins.
The whole body is covered with richest;
closest gold embroidery. It is cut very,
low and has no sleeves — only little wisps
of tulle below the shoulder and bands of
gold filigree over the shoulder itself. The
rosettes of pink gauze look like roses an
they have gold thread in the center to
look like the hearts of flowers. These dec
orate the corsage at one side, and trail
ing out from them over the white flesh
and down the front are leaves made of
pale green gauze edged with gold thread.
These were made by the dressmaker at
Miss Fair's suggestion and the effect of
the gauze leaves and roses against the
white tulle with the gold is fairy-like in
its delicacy.
Dreams of the Jailor.
Another evening gown of quite a differ
ent type is all of lace, excepting the tiny
edge of the skirt. which peeps below the
long lace redingote. This is of soft liber
ty satin in a creamy -white. This lace
dress is a creamy ecru and it fits the fig
ure like a new French glove, the seams
being held tight all the way with feath
erbone. It fastens in the back and is
decollete. Where it fastens there are lit
tle yellow velvet buttons, and a cluster
of black velvet roses with yellow centers
crosses one shoulder.
There are sleeves to this gown, but they
do not extend to the shoulder, looking
more like long mitts.
This gown also trails about the feet
and is exceedingly close-fitting about the
hips, giving an effect of extreme slender
ness—an effect, by the way, which Miss
Fair cultivates in all her gowns.
To Jump from evening robes to street
gowns is to tell about a handsome tailor
gown -which Miss Fair intends to wear
soon after her marriage — fact, it may
be intended as the going-away gown. This
is of light weight spring broadcloth of
the new variety, which has a surface al
most like, satin. It is of a lovely shade
of silver gray, made up ,with strapped
seams and numerous strap decorations.
The gown is odd because of its little
cutaway coat rounding down to a rather
long tab-like tail at the back. This coat
opens broadly In front and has two waist
coats, one of a sort of dull peacock green
and the other of a rich mauve cloth. They
open one over the other, and show a
ruffled shirt of white silk mull or grass
linen. The combination of these two pecu
liar colors with the clear silver gray is
very fetching and decidedly foreign
looking.
Dresses for Ordinary Wear!
A turban of black tulle, jetted finely.
Is to he worn with this gown, and it has
for trimming a single tall white plume in
front, held by a large ornament of fine
cut steel.
The most practical and plain gown in
all the wedding outfit is of navy blue
lightweight serge. This Is made up with
a coat bodice, opening over a bright scar
let vest fastened with gold buttons. There
is a finely tucked shirt of finest white
linen, with a standing collar and mascu
line tie.
Brick-colored gloves and a large rough
straw turban after the Spanish toreador
style will be worn with this gown. A
walking stick will also be carried and a
single magnifying eyeglass will dangle
from a fine gold chain about the neck.
There are a dozen fine white linen shirt
waists for hot summer days, and these
have the yokes and front pieces embroid
ered by hand as delicately as a pocket
handkerchief. They have very high stock
collars, with bows and ends in front, and
white pearl dumbbell studs are in each
cuff, to show how simple are the acces
sories of a shirt waist. Women worth a
few thousands would probably have gold
studs set with diamonds, but not so with
the future Mrs. Vanderbilt.
There are some lovely fresh white pique
gowns also for the hot summer days, and
these have little Jackets, most beautifully
enriched with white braiding, one gown
having the pique cut away in places under
the embroidery.
There is one beautiful, dainty white
muslin with a long, floating skirt covered
with little inch-deep ruffles and having
the bodice set in with the most delicate
needlework. The arms and neck show
through plainly in this, and a pale-blue
sash ties about the waist.
A hat of leghorn heaped, with tumbling
white ostrich plumes will be worn with
this, and will make it an ideal summer
toilet such as one reads about in old
fashioned poetry.
' » '
FASHION`S
FRILLS
THE very latest edict as regards
Easter gowns will not be ready
for the public eye until next
week. But from the fountain
head of fashion comes the lat
est as to Easter etceteras.
The trimmings for gowns have had the
definite seal of Dame Fashion placed up
on them. There Is no longer a doubt as
to what Is to be and what Is not to be.
First and foremost, trimmings are ro
lng to be dreadfully expensive. The won
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, MARCH 26, 1899.
derfr.l "mark-down" pales of trimmings
which several of the large shops held re
cently was sufficient clue to the initiated
that it was simply a case of "ring out the
old, ring in the new," for trimmings have
never been fixtures always worth their
price. Once out of style, they are worth
less, though they cost their weight in
gold. In the course of events they come
into fashion again, but it is a dreary
waiting.
The cynics who rail at women for ever
seeking something new in fashion forget
that it is usually a man who starts the
ball a-rolling. Nine out of ten of the nov
elties in fabrics or trimmings are the re
sult of man's ingenuity, and every time
it is a man who stands sponsor for Fash
inn s whims. Madame de Mode is really
a man who seeks safety in the feminine
gender.
Only flat trimmings in braid, chenille
and lace effect* will be vised on cloth, and
there is a hint of embroidery.
On thinner materials, garlands, motifa
and all-overs, composed of combinations
of laces, chenille, net. ribbon work and
paillettes are in vogue. Taffetas, elab
orately wrought in chenille alone or com
bined with silver and gold cord or braid,
and cut out in lace design, are used for
trimmings, yokes, sleeves and even en
tlre !>•
Jetted things we have always with us,
and Parisians are wearing incrustations
of jet on white cloth and other ap
pliques. Jetted corsages and bodices of
jet galloon severe in effect are quite the
sweuest things.
The beauty of the new embroidery ran
nnt be overrated. It is gorgeous, glitter
ingly beautiful and at the same time
harmonious. It goes to make a dream of
a gown and a nightmare of a bill.
The popularity of fringe trimming is by
no means on the wane. The very nfwest
design falls from an openwork* founda
tion such as our great-grandmothers
wore on their priceless siFk shawls.
Children must not be neglected in this
season of furnishing the spring wardrobe.
Serge has for years played an important
part in the schoolgirl s wardrobe, but this
season finds the softer materials more in
demand. Cheviots and lightweight
tweeds are considered the most durable
fabrics for hard wear, while cashmere,
voile and the plain wool and silk veil
ings are utilized for dressy gowns.
Girls over 8 years nf age wear shirt
waists and skirts, which is a most sensi
ble and economical plan. The best skirt
is the five-gored affair that fits not too
tightly over the hips, has a proper full
ness at the waist In the back and flares
at the bottom in the regulation grown-up
manner.
Such a skirt is worn with wash or sum
mer silk shirt waists and a smart reefer
or coat of plain cloth of the predom-
...Beauty TalK by Mme. Hygeia...
This department is for the benefit of all those who are interested In the science of cosmetics ana the hy-
ITiene of proper living. If any one desires information on either of these subjects the questions will be cheer
fully answered in these columns. Write as often as you like, ask as many questions as you please- and sign
any name that you choose. Address all communications to Mme. Hygeia, The Sunday Call, San Francisco.
TO-DAY my talk shall be ror trie
bt neflt of those p">or sutlering m<r
tals afflicted with red noses. It's
pre^y tough, I know, girls, to be
obliged to go through life with the
danger signal forever hoisted, and from
the number of letters that come to me on
this subject, there must be a lot of you
that are thus afflicted. In such cases one
is apt tn pive such free rein to the im
agination that I doubt not many of these
Fame girls feel perfectly confident that
were they to find themselves within a
bull rir.g it would only be necessary to
flourish the flambuoyant nasal appendage
of the wild animal to infuriate
him to all sorts of deeds of madness. But
never mind, be that nose eVer BO rosy, I
am surt- I can t«*ll you of somtthinjr that
will restore it to Its pristine fairness.
A red nose is one of those distressing
things that comes without respect of per
son. Nor Is it always as stems to be the
popular belief an indication of overindul
:;i the flowing bowl.
ir <-om> s from such a variety of causes
that It Is difficult to suggest a universal
cure. It may be the result of a weakened
circulation; It may come from some stom
■ rangf-nunr. <;r from corsets, bands
or other garments which are so tight as
to Impede the circulation. Sometimes the
caused by too rough usage
with the handkerchief and very often it
la due to a tendency to erysipelas.
First of all. lind out the cause. Until
that Is removed outward applications will
only alleviate— they will not curt-. If the
cause is poor circulation, contact with the
cold air will expose the fact by quickly
■iing a nose that is ordinarily of a
normal lint. Told hand's and feet art;
often an accompaniment of this condition,
which may bo remedied by frequrnt exer
clse In th« open air, massage, warm baths
and hot loot baths. Sometimes it is nec
t-ssary to restore a weakened circulation
Dy tonics, which should only be taken
under the advice of one's physician. If
the circulation is restricted by outer
causes, equalize it by removing the occa
sioning pnssur>'.
When during or after a hearty meal the
nose becomes scarlet and seems to in
crease in size, it is an indication that too
much has been imposed upon the organs
uf digestion, which have rebelled, sending
the blood to the extremities.
In such cases I would suggest reducing
th.» quantity of food and eating only such
as will easily digest. A laxative diet of
vegetables and fruit will be found par
ticularly beneficial in cases of red or
shiny noses. If the redness comes, as it
frequently does, from a clogged or un
healthy condition of the pores of the
skin, remedy )t by frequent bathing in
warm water, using a flesh brush and
pienty of pure castile soap. Also use the
face scrubbing brush freely on the nose.
After the supposed cause has been re
moved and the nose still seems to ab
sorb all the color of the face, then try
outward applications. Witchhazel, al
lowed to dry on, and followed by a liberal
smearing with cold cream, is sometimes
all that is necessary. If this treatment is
not effectual and the red nose comes from
inflammation of the skin, try a lotion
made of rosewater and carbolic acid
three drops of the acid to four ounces
of the rosewater. A paste made
of one part of glycerine, two
parts of water and enough
refined chalk to make
into a paste is often ef
ficacious in reduc
ing the inflam
mation. This
should be
spread
inating color in the skirt. For later use
pique or duck skirts can be made after
the same skirt model.
An exceedingly pretty gown for a child
is of the new nun's veiling in one of the
fashionable reddish tints, and lias a white
yoke collar and epaulets outlined with
braid. . . ,
Pretty gowns of thin soft materials
have the skirts trimmed with chiffon
ruchings, and cream or white lace is in
variably Introduced on the bodice. Child
ish figures need something in the way of
revers epaulets or big collars to give the
gown the proper style. Wash fabrics for
children, such as gingham, lawn, cam
bric percale and the like, are beautiful
in coloring and dainty in design. For the
most part they are Inexpensive and do
up well. These look their best when
made with a gored skirt, with an at
tached graduated flounce, not too wide.
The waists are usually shirred or tucked
on full to a yoke of white tucking or all
over embroidery, which is outlined by a
cord of the material and a frill of em
broidery Puffs are noted on few full
sleeves, which are extremely small.
A word about cleaning, which is an im
portant part of the spring making over.
In nine cases out of ten things can be
cleaned just as well at home as at the
cleaner's. The secret of the so-called
•'dry cleaning" is very simple. The
thing that is to be cleaned is merely im
mersed in gasoline and left covered with
the liquid for twenty-four hours. A reg
ular wash boiler is the best vessel to
use, as it can be covered, and by throw
ing' a blanket over the tin cover remain
nearly enough airtight.
After the clothes have soaked a day
and night it will be time to lift them
out. They should not be rubbed, but
soused up and down in the gasoline.
Sometimes if they are really very dirty
they may not be clean even then, in
which case it is best to cover them with
fresh gasoline and leave them another
Here Is a way to get rid of the smell
of gasoline that so often clings to home
cleaned clothes in spite of much frantic
airing and shaking and sunning. It must
be heated out.
When the fabric is thoroughly dry place
it over the radiator or steam pipes, or if
these are unavailable cover it with n thin
cloth and drive the scent out by going
over it well with a hot iron. After all
traces of the gasoline are dispelled from
the woolen stuff then renovate it entire
ly put it right side up on an ironing
board, cover it with a damp cloth and
go over with a hot iron, helng careful to
lift the wet cloth as you move the iron.
This gives the 3team a chance to com*
up from the wool and raise the nap of
the c!,,th. This lifting of the wot cloth
in time to let the steam lift the nap up
is a particular point In renovating cloth.
If. on the other hand, the fabric is
ironed dry through the wet cloth the nap
upon the nose and allowed to remain as
long as convenient, then gently ami care
fully removed and the nose wiped off with
a soft cloth.
People with rosy-tinted noses should
deny themselves all rich and hlglrty sea
soned foods, hot. strong tea or coffee and
every form of stimulant. They should not
eat fresh pork, ham, sausage or bacon.
High, stiff collars, tight belts and sleeves
must also be foresworn.
Where the nose is oily or shiny bathe
it nightly with diluted spirits of cam
phor or water in which a little borax has
been dissolved. When tt is -both red and
shiny without being oily it may be bathed
with tepid water and cologne, dried and
then anointed with cold cream. In a.
few minutes the cream should be removed
and a little rice powder rubbed on.
Answers to Correspondents.
ALPHOXSINE— Use the orange flower
skin food instead of the zinc ointment.
Formula is given in reply to Dorothy. In
the Sunday Call of February 26 there
! was a special beauty talk on the subject
lof facial eruptions. I hope you saw it.
M. W.— As I have stated many times
j before in these columns, I do not possi ?s
what I consider a good recipe for liquid
powder. My advice to you* would be to
get your complexion into such a state of
perfection that it will accept tho dry
powder, which is vastly less harmful, a\
nearly all the liquid preparations contain
bismuth or lead. However, if you feel
you must use it, then send me & stamped
, addressed envelope and I will piv.- you
! the name of a prepared liquid powder
j that is as harmless as any.
DORA— I cannot tell you of a dye that
will make your hair the color you wish
FRANCES G.-I am glad you find the
beauty talks a pleasure. The lemon hair
wash cannot possibly harm the hair in
any way. If you find that soap does
not agree with your skin, why do you not
use almond meal in its place? Or you can
<lean<»e the face with the orangeflower
skin food alone. A lotion that is very
excellent for inflamed eyelids is made
by rubbing one teaspoonful of pul
verizod boracic acid in fifteen drops
of spirits of camphor and pouring
over this two-thirds of a cup of
hot water. Stir and strain and
use as needed. The orangp
flov.-er skin food Is good for
any sort of a skin. There
is nothing better. You
will find the formula In
answer to Dorothy.
The lotion that you
mention is all right
for the hands.
CURIOSITY-Get
this wash for
red blotches:
glycerine.
will be flattened and the surface fiat and
uneven. The treatment just described is
the means tailors use for taking the
"shine" off men's cloths when they be
come glossy in places. They are not
ironed dry, but "pressed and steamed"
and left to dry out naturally.
MICHIGAN has become the thea
ter of events quite as important
as those occurring and about to
occur in Wisconsin. A Bachelor
Girls 1 Association has been formed there
with the object of organizing societies in
every township and city, the members of
which shall pledge themselves not to en
tertain proposals of marriage until they
are thirty.
It is never too late to mend, of course,
but we can't help thinking that should
the association thrive and prosper there
will be many a good time lost. "Comme
je regret te non temps perdu" is a song
with which Beranger acquainted ladies
of a certain age. The air is plaintive, and
so is the sentiment. A woman who holds
off until she is 30 misses her vocation,
misses, too, the charm of youth and of
life. The poets are right. Nothing re
sembles happiness so well as love. To en
tertain proposals of marriage is only less
able than making fhem. It is the
most fascinating of nature's inventions.
There is an art in it also which cornea
but through practice and experience, and
of which real mastery requires an early
start. It is never too late to begin, but it
is never too soon, either. For that mat
ter, the sooner the bettor.
We have known ladies to take up the
study of French at the age of 30, but we
have never known them to acquire the
accent. They got to understand others.
but they never got others to understand
them.
At 30 a woman's vocabulary may he
choked with the syllables of affection, but
if Bhe h.is not learned to aromatize them
with th. proper accent they are beerßars
at the iloor of speech. It is the mission
i t woman to love and to be loved. It is
what sh>> Is here for. She may fancy that
there an other things to do and to be
done, and s<> there are. but by eompan
pnn they are nothing at an.
"If" .'-aid a thoroughly competent au
thority, "living be not loving, then is liv
ing all in vain."
To whi^h we may add that hoarded
kisses do not improve with a*e. But is
it not odd to find the Legislature of Wis
consin enlarging the waists of women
while the ladies of Michigan are extend
ing the trastea of time?— Hdgar Saltus, in
Colliers Weekly.
Mary water and fifteen drops or earDouc
acid. I cannot advise you about the hair
tonic containing oil of lavender. The
other oil contained in it 1 never heard of
before, so know nothing as to its merits.
The lnvigorator that you speak of is all
right, only it will darken your hair
very considerably and will also stain
the scalp. No, the black veil will not
injure the complexion. The best
way to protect the face from sun
and wind is to smear it generously
with ffjjd cream and then sprinkle
with a pure powder Just before
going out. Then cover it with
a veil. Vinegar or lemon juice
must never be used when soap
has just been applied, because
the acid will decompose the
soap and Injury to the skin
will result.
BUTTERCX'P— The wash
for the eyes suggested to
Francos G. will also help
you. What is the mat
ter wfth your eyes that
you can r»ad so little
at a time? Perhaps
you need glasses. I
should see an npu
list. or at least an
optician, were I In
your place. It
would be impos
sible for me to
say what causes
the itching of
the scalp. It
comes from
various
c a v sea.
Sometimes
an excess
of dand
ruff, or
fall ing
The beautiful Costume
in Which She Will
become a Bride on
April 4 Next
hair will bring about this condition.
You are treating your hair very sensibly.
Tell me whether it is oily or dry and I
will give you a toni<» to make it grow.
For the tiny eruptions on the logs and
arms scrub briskly each day with a good
stiff flesh brush, warm water and rastili
soap. After thus bathing, .dry with a
coarse towel and apply a small quantity
of cocoa butter softened with sweet al
mond oil. Rub it in until it has been en
tirely absorbed by the skin. As you d^
not wish to use any creams or lotion^
on your skin I scarcely know what to
tell you to do for the freckles except to
protect the face from the rays of the sun
by wearing a heavy voil or carrying a
parasol. I am glad "auntie" had confi
dence enough in me to let her little girl
write to me. and that she will allow her
to do so again some time.
HOPE R.— l find that the shops here do
not carry the genuine camel's hair
brushes. Thoae usually sold under the
name are made of badger's hair. Per
haps this will make it easier for you to
find the article you wt?h. I am sorry,
but it is impossible for me to give
any sort of an address in these col-
uinns. Of course you can inquire
in any drug store and you mny
happen to find one that keeps the
right sort of a brush. The firm
you mentioned in your letter
keeps them, but theirs arp infe
rior in quality. As to the cold
cream, nothing is more simple.
Cut the formula out of the
paper or copy it, whichever
you prefer; take it to a
druggist and tell him to
make you a cold cream
after that formula. In
sist upon his giving you
only the very best ma
terial? and in the ex
trrials and in the ex
art proportions called
for.
A. ALICE -Thero
was a sp cci a 1
Beauty Talk in
the Sunday Call
of March 12 up
on the subject
in which you
are interested.
As your let-
ter is dated some time before that. I pre
sume you saw it. If not, write again.
MOTHER- Yours is the first request for
something that will assist nature in her
process of silvering the tresses. So man)
have written to me. imploring me to te *
them of a dye or any old thins that will
turn the white hairs dark again that real
ly it f s a relief to hear from one woman
who Is not only satisfied with what na
ture is doing for her in this respect, but
anxious to assist her In her efforts. I
doff nr hat to you, mother, but am sorry
to say "that I know of nothing- that would
have the desired effect but a bleach, ana
hat I cannot advise. As for the- unfortu-
M . ( . n n?e, I think you will find some sug
gestions in to-day's Beauty Talk.
2728
[NEW BOOKS]
Poems of Richard Jfealf.
THE p-'^ms of Richard Realf have
at last been collected and put In
worthy binding. This work has
lone by Richard J. Hinton. an
.old friend of the poet who for a
time honored San Francisco by
r. <king it his home.
Pnppihly the reader of to-day does not
recall lUalf-the hlgh-tensioned British-
American who wrote burning lyrics, who
in fact, more enthusiastically
'"American"— in the true sense of that
often frightfully misapplied adjective
FRATERNAL NEWS.
THE ODD FELLOWS.
' The visit of Grand Master Breuck to
Pacific Lodge was an event that will be
long remembered with pleasure by all
who attended. The high official was ac
companied by the grand secretary and the
grand treasurer, and there was presented
for their edification an exemplification of
the ritualistic work by the Initiation of
two candidates. After the work there was
an adjournment to the banquet-hall,
where a collation was partaken of, and
John Stevenson, the noble grand, pro
posed a number of toasts, which were re
sponded to by the grand master, Grand
Secretary Shaw, Grand Treasurer Harris,
Past Grands Morrison, Kase and Lyon,
and by Messrs. Downs, Bird, Burns
Vance Ashworth and others. During
these responses the officers of the lodge
•were highly complimented for the perfect
manner in which they performed the
work of initiation, and it was suggested
that all follow the example of the vice
grand in bringing good members into the
°The reception tendered by the member-
Bhlp of Mission Rebekah Lodge to Occi
dental Excelsior and Fidelity lodges on
the 18th st. was a most pleasant event,
.rd at the banquet that followed there
yore present at least a hundred persons.
There was a most eloquent address by
Miss Rena Crawford, the noble grand of
Mission Lodge, and addresses by W. W.
Watson, District Deputy Miss Sophia H.
Hutton, Messrs. Peterson and Decker and
DrJ Frost, who spoke in an interesting
Ptrain on "Odd Fellowship." George
Welmer acted as toastrnaster.
Oriental Rebekah Lodge will on next
•Wednesday tender a reception to Canton
No 5 of the Patriarchs Militant, and Miss
Melville, editress of the National Re-
Lekah and past president of the Assem
bly of Illinois. Tuesday night Miss Mel
ville will lecture in Odd Fellows Hall for
the benefit of the Odd Fellows' Home and
the Orphans' Home.
The trustees of the Orphans' Home have
elected Mrs Mosher matron to assist in
the care of the forty little ones there
r.ow. Mrs. Mosher Is a member of Ori-
C Grand°Patfiarch Harris on last Tuesday
Grand Patriarch Harris on last Tuesday
visited Fresno encampment at Fresno and
found it In 'excellent condition and the
membership jubilant on account of the
copious downpour. Xext Tuesday he will
visit the encampment at San Luis Obispo.
• The representatives of the Grand Lodge
and the delegates to the Assembly are to
be elected in the lodges on the last held
meeting this month.
AMITY REBEKAH LODGE.
On Saturday, the 13th, Amity Rebekah
Lodge had a calico party In Eureka Hall,
I. O. O. F. building, and there were more
persona in attendance than there was
room for. Previous to the dance the
Misses Sadie and Lottie "Dorr favored
•with a piano duet, Miss Annie Nevers
■ charmed with a vocal solo, Daniel E.
Hanlon gave some of those dramatic reci
tations which have proved so entertain
ing; there was a vocal solo by G. Ham
merschmidt, a recitation by Mrs. J. Turn
er Barton, a Scotch song by Robert
Burns, recitation by Mrs. Ciprico and
coon songs by the Misses Aline and Annie
Kreth This was presented under the di
rection of Dr. C. L..Ziegler, who was di
rector of entertainment, Mrs. Antoinette
Shaw and Mrs. Farnham. Then followed
dancing for an hour.
DEPUTY GRAND MASTER DAN
. FORTH.
Edwin Danforth," deputy grand master
workman of the jurisdiction of Califor
nia, Ancient Order United Workmen, had
a surprise In store last Wednesday night
for the district deputies of this city. He
pent to each of the eight deputies a note
to meet him In the office of the grand
recorder, and after ho had talked with
them in an informal way for a short time
lie invited them to accompany him to.Del
monlco's, where he asked them to a salon,
in which was served an excellent supper.
That, he said, was to show his apprecia
tion of the assistance the deputies bad
rendered him during the year. During the
evening there was an interchange of
ideas as to what changes and reforms
could be suggested at the approaching
session of the Grand Lodge. Several of
the suggestions offered were of a prac
tical character, and if the grand body can
be induced to adopt them they will mate
rially advance the cause of the order in
this State. The gathering of the deputy
grand master and the eight deputies, a
very unusual event, was a very pleasant
one.
ANCIENT ORDER OF WORKMEN.
All arrangements have been completed
for the lnstltption of the Old Friends'
Lodge on the night of next Wednesday.
Dr. F. F. Lord will be the past master,
H. H. Davis the master and J. B. Slinkey
the recorder. After the Institution there
will be a banquet.
Out of the membership of Valley Lodge
there has been organized a social club
than the most of us who are natives here,
and who was prominent among the "Free
Kansas" band that strove to rescue a
commonwealth from slavery. He was, to
: name another picturesque detail in his
life, a part of the John Brown government
and army for invading Virginia, so that
j his whole term of existence seemed to be
j a protracted and tumultuous tragedy.
Richard Realf, whatever he was or did.
i was notable, first of all, for his poetic In
stinct and nature. He had in him a kind
of composite 6plrit that suggested a blend
of Gerald Massey With Robert Burns. He
wrote always with fluency and fire, and
there was such a fresh and felicitous
whirh will have for its purpose the pro
pagation of the social features of the
lodge with a view to present good pro
grammes, to the end that the general
membership will take more Interest in the
meetings. M. J. Blackman is the presi
dent: M. 11. Jer.ner, vice president- J F
Murphy, secretary, and J. C. Sharpe
treasurer. The club will give its nrs{
entertainment on the 19th of April
The new lodge at Tesla was instituted
last night with twenty-four charter mem
bers by Deputy D. E. Saunders.
Grand Receiver Booth is recovering
from a severe a-ttack of illness.
Petitions have been received for the In
stitution of a lodge of the Degree of
Honor with thirty-two members at Gi!
roy, and for one at Corona with tv.
members. These lodges will lie Insti
tuted before the session of the Grand
Lodge.
Union Lodge of Haywarda Initiated
thirtt-en cai n th< 21st Inst The
degrees were conferred by members of
Ivy Lodge.
Laurel Lodge of \w.<u Berkeley had
eight candidates for Initiation last night.
The work was by [vy's drill team.
THE NATIVE SONS.
La^t Tuesday Grand Trustee Fletcher
A. Cutler paid an official visit to Baker
Parlor. Bakersfield; on Wednesday he
was with Lemoore Parlor; on Thursday
with the parlor at Visalia, and last night
with the parlor ai Hornitos. To-morrow
night he will visit the parlor at Hornitos,
and on Tuesday he will pay his official
respects to Yosemlte Parlor at Merced.
Grand Orator Frank L. Coombs will
make official visits as follows: To Mount
Tamalpais at San Rafael, to-morrow
night; to Columbia Parlor, San Francis
co, next Wednesday; Golden Gate Par
lor, San Francisco, April 3; Sea Point
Parlor, Sausalito, April D; National Par
lor, San Francisco, April (>, and Nicasio
Parlor, at Nicasio, April 12.
Grand Trustee H. H. McNoble of Stock
ton Parlor paid an official visit to Al
calde Parlor of this city, and on that
visit was accompanied by Grand Secre
tary Henry Lunstedt and other grand
officers.. In a very eloquent speech the
visiting trustee reviewed the work of the
parlor and paid the officers a high com
pliment for the very effective manner in
which they exemplified the ritualistic
work. This parlor was organized Febru
ary 10, IS9O, with 86 members, and since
then has been increasing in membership
and finance.
Charles A. Boldemann paid an official
visit to Lower Lake Parlor last nlg-fit,
and to-morrow night he will visit Calls
toga Parlor.
The Sequoia Drill Corps will give a
filcnlc at Mirabel Park on Sunday, the
th of April.
California Parlor has issued a strong
appeal to its members to take energetic
action in the matter of making the fiftieth
anniversary celebration of the admission
of California Into the Union, which will
be next year, "the most noteworthy of its
character in the history of our order."
Stanford Parlor on last Tuesday elect
ed the following named as delegates to
the Grand Parlor: Judge J. E. Barry,
Judge Frank H. Kerrigan, D. C. Martin
and Joseph Greenberg, with Charles H.
Stanyan, J. P. Sweeney, J. W. Lewis and
D. J. O'Callaghan as alternates. The elec
tion of D. C. Martin was by acclamation,
ihe first time that honor has been con
ferred on a delegate to the Grand Parlor.
During the evening the parlor was unex
pectedly visited by Grand President Con
ley and he delivered a few pleasant re
marks. The parlor also received three
new members by card, one being Henry
Lansing, a district deputy. On Saturday
the 22d of April, the parlor will tc-ndcr a
reception to the delegates to the Grand
I'arlor, when a fine programme will be
presented.
Aloatraz Parlor has elected James Gal
lagher and C. 11. Turner as delegates to
the Grand Parlor and C. H. Kendricks
and M. Lapachette as alternates.
COURT ACME'S ANNIVERSARY.
Court Acme No. 61 of -the Foresters of
America, which was instituted March 3,
1891, with a few more than five hundred
members, celebrated its eighth anniver
sary' last Tuesday night by a banquet 'in
the Central dining-rooms, which had been
arranged for by the special committee
consisting of E. P. Donovan (chairman),
R. Renilson, J. F. Johnson, D. E. Shee
han, D. J. Cronin nnd J. H. Wickham.
There were four long tables, at which
wefe seated about two hundred persons,
the majority being ladles, for on occa
sions of this kind the court not having
the pleasure of the attendance of ladies
:;t their meetings wishes to have them
with it at its festivities that they may
learn something of the order and Us
work. An excellent menu was served,
and after the ice cream Grand Treasurer
Frank Conklin, who had been selected to
act as toastmaster. called on Grand Sec
retary Cordy to respond to "The Grand
Court of California," and he made a very
interesting talk. Joe Tlansen favored
with a barytone solo, then E. C. Stock re-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 26, 1899.
touch at his command that he rarely
failed to hit a high mark. Whole poems
or passages from his verse that floated
easily over the sea of journalism were
gathered eagerly by discerning readers as
precious waifs.
Perhaps the poem entitled "Indirection"
has been the most widely copied, based
STRANGE ICE FREAK AT A NEW YORK FIRE.
DURING the recent sever© blizzard In New York a house caught flra, and except for the walls was completely de
stroyed. Despite the weather the fire brigade turned out and poured huge jets of water upon the blazing pile.
The dripping water froze aa it fell, coating the walls with vast Icicles, forming a picturesque and weird decora
tion. The reflection of the fire on the forked tongues of ice was a brilliant spectacle.
During the same cold snap the White Star liner Germanic experienced an extraordinary accident while lying
at the pier In Hudson River. So heavy was the weight of ice on her deck that the water reached her open ports
and she began to sink. Fortunately the depth of water In her moorings was on!y about twelve feet, so that not much
real damage was done beyond the wetting of her coal.
Never before have such interesting sights been witnessed in New York harbor. The harbor was, of course, ice
bound, and only the heavier steamers could force their way through the ice. Those, however, that were powerful
enough to cut out a passageway for themselves came through like Bheeted ghosts, the heavy covering of snow and ice
over the hull giving them an almost supernatural appearance. The ferry boats were unable to land, and in some cases
were lifted up high and dry by the pressure of the ice.
All the inconveniences and miseries of a great frost and snowstorm were experienced. Streets were blocked, the
river communication broken, business interrupted and ships Bunk in the harbor and along the coast. The list of deaths
from starvation, frost or lost in the snow was a long one. The terrible suffering entailed by the blockade of the streets
and the accompanying loss of employment is beyond description. Not less than tjO.OOO people in New York were thrown
upon the mercy of the charitable, and the wealthy citizens went deep into their purses to provide the necessaries of life for
the victims of the inclement weather.
Fnonded to "The Press," M. Jones of
fourt Defiance entertained with a song,
jiftcr which Jacob Label of the American
Forester Iteview responded to "The Com
panions of the Forest." JK el Icy favor-
Id with a pong and then Hugh McCabe,
the "Jolly Boy" of Court Acme, in a hu
nvirons speech, responded to "The La
dies." The last toast, "Our Absent
Brothers. " was responded to in a feeling
manner by D. J. Cronln. The affair was
a very pleasant one and did much to con
tinue the good opinion in which Court
Acme has always been held. It was after
midnight before the gathering broke up.
Previous to the banquet there was an in
formal hop in the social hall of the Al
cazar building, where those who were so
inclined danced for an hour.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF HONOR.
Aurora Lodge had a good attendance of
members iast Monday night, and after the
disposal of routine business it was decided
that there shall be some kind of pleasing j
rmertainment after the business of each
meeting. It will be the aim of the com- i
as It is upon the perpetual failure of us
all to put In perfect form the bewitching
dreams that dance before our entranced
vision. The first stanza of It is as fol
lows:
Fair are flowers and the children, but their
subtle suggestion Is fairer;
Rare Is the roseburst of dawn, but tha Beor«t
that clasps It is rarer;
Sweet the exultance of song, but the strain
that precedes it is sweeter;
And never was poem yet writ but the mean
ing mastered the meter."
Briefer, but born of a happy skill. Is the
one titled "A Birthday Lily":
In May the rosebud of the flowering year,
A stainless lily came;
Earth shone with light, and every starry
sphere
Burned with diviner flame.
Art, brooding o'er her large beatttudss,
Felt a creative thrill
Run tingling through her splendid varying
moodp
And consentaneous will.
Song, pralced amid her high lnterpretlnifa.
Knew a seraphic fire
Ache In her bosom, and her startled wings
Shook muslo as a lyre.
And round the awful soul of virglnhood
A whiter glory prayed,
And babes unto their mothers crawled and
cooed,
More softly unafraid.
The mention of Massey and Burns In re
spect to Realf Is made merely to show the
species of poetry Into which his work falls,
the style of spirit which was In him, and
by which he was Inspired. In his phrases
and manner of expression he took, In the
main, his own path. One can say that his
poem of "The Agony" has something' like
the swing of "The Raven," and that when
he wrote:
Some fibers In all hearts hold fast to heaven—
I could not live without the stars.
he might have caught a note from Alex
ander Smith, as he very likely did the
thought, but not the melody, of the fol
lowing octave:
She kissed me, my beautiful darling,
I drunk the delight of her lips;
The universe melted to ether,
Mortality stood In eclipse.
A spirit of light stood before me,
I heard a far rustle of wings; .
The kings of the earth were as beggars.
And the beggars of earth were as kings."
Funk & Wagnalls Company, publishers,
New York.
• •:-..•:.:
HISTORICAL. GEOGRAPHY OF THE
CLANS OF SCOTLAND. By T. B. Johnson,
F. R. G. S., and Colonel James A. Robertson.
To all students of Scottish history this must
prove to be one of the most valuable books
published. The work begins with the acts of
Parliament of 1587. and follows along until
after the batle of Culloden. A valuable por
tion of the work is a map showing the location
of the clans and the division of property In
Scotland in the days of the Highland cam
paigns. W. & A. K. Johnston, Edinburgh,
Scotland, publishers. Price 7s 6d.
ALONG THE TRAIL. By Richard Hovey.
A book of lyrics. These include the poet's best
works, "Comrades," "Spring" and "The
Farm." A handy, well gotten up little volume.
Small, Maynard & Co., Boston, publishers.
Price, $1 60.
■ ONE WAY ROUND THE WORLD. By De
light Sweetser. The Bowen & Merrill Company,
Indianapolis, publishers.
INFATUATION. By B. M Crocker. A read
able novel. J. B. Lipplncott Company, pub
lishers, Philadelphia. Price, 50 cents.
ANECDOTES AND MORALS. By Rev.
Louis Albert Banks, D. D. A volume of Illus
trations from current life. Funk & Wagnalls
Company, publishers. New York.
LAUREL WINNERS. Portraits and sil
houettes of American composers. Published by
the John Church Company, Cincinnati.
mlttee on entertainment, Mrs. L. B. Hol
comb, Mrs. Sarah Davidson and Mrs.
Helen Hearn, to make these evenings so
enjoyable that the entire membership will
attend.
The officers and members of Aurora
Lndge will entertain the delegates to the
Grand Lodge, which is to meet in this
city on the third Tuesday in April.
During the past week a number of ap
plications have been presented to the
loca! lodges, and within two weeks there
will be considerable work in the initiatory
dcyree.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
The committee on excursion appointed
at the previous meeting reported last
Monday night to Golden Gate Camp that
it was decided to have a Woodmen's ex
cursion to Sunset Park on the 11th of
June, and that arrangements to that end
had been made. The local camps and
those of Oakland and Alameda will join
in the festivities, which it is expected will
be one of the great fraternal events of
Palmistry
SO many thousand impressions of
palms have been forwarded to this
department for reading that it has
been decided not to receive any more
until those on hand are answered.
This Is done in justice to the palm
ist and to those who might forward im
pressions and be obliged to wait a long
time before a careful reading could be
made In this column.
A. C. H.— This diminutive palm gives
promise of a well-spent, happy, harmo
nious life. Full of activity and great am
bition to accumulate money. Good health,
strong, affectionate nature. Fond of dis
play. Will always have enough to keep
up appearances. On the whole, a lucky
hand.
MISS J. W.— Yours Is the palm of true
! refinement, Inclined to be too dreamy and
| Idealistic. You live In a world of your
own creation. You are visionary and
artistic. One love sorrow In early life in
shown on your heart line. You will have
to take especially good care of your
i health between 36 and 3S.
R, O.— You have a generous hea-t.
Your life has been very much markt.l
with trials and tribulations in financial
• affairs. The latter half of your life shows
very much better prosperity. You ar,
very honest in all your dealings. Other
people have taken advantage of your
goodness. You have not realised the
I amount of money your efforts have war
! ranted.
G. T. R.— You have a keen sense of the
' ridiculous. Your life line is long and
. shows great vitality. You will be a rich
I man. You have great executive ability.
I You will have honors and favors from
■ those In power. You will have some very
deep heart sorrows. Your head line
shows intellect and perception. Quite Im
aginative. One lawsuit is indicated. \ou
are very courageous and cautious.
A. L. P., Santa Cruz— Your hand indi
cates a stormy, checkered career. Your
Infidelities have caused much sorrow to
those In your life. Your first wife com-
I mitted suicide, leaving one child, a boy.
I Your second wife has been a thorn In
your flesh; many quarrels are indicated.
i You had a serious accident at 32, which
left your health shattered. You have
• not nor will you have, much money. You
are too profligate to accumulate much.
MRS. 8., Oakland— You have a good
! line Your head and eyes are always
open to your own interests. Your nature
is cautious, conservative and inactive.
Your logic is well developed, but you Ip.nk
• force to carry out your designs. Several
short illnesses are indicated on y^ur
11 BABY' WILLIE, Oakland— This diminu
; tlv« hand gives promise of a happy, pros
| perous life. He Is broad-minded, good na
tured willful »nd determined; loves to
have his own way in all things. He has
the year. The committee of the camD
that is to arrange all the details is com
posed of the following named: Kiohard
Fahey, J. S. Patterson, E. A. Sprague A
J. W (inert and J. F. Bright. During 'the
evening W. E. Dorn, Hugh McCauley and
H. D. Keefe were admitted into the camp
by initiation. The camp also received ap
plications from three strangers who
want to join, and from three who wish to
be admitted by card.
After the business of the evening the
degree team from Western Addition
Camp took charge and conferred the de
grees on forty-one candidates who ex
pressed a desire to become initiated into
the mysteries of Orientalism. This de
gree has many beautiful features in it
and when so proficient a team as the one
from Western Addition does the work it
is presented with much dramatic effect
and striking situations. .
Golden Gate Camp then organized an
Oriental team and selected John S. Pat
terson as the grand orient, David Oliver
Jr. as grand scrivinator and a full corps
of assistants. As in this degree what the
grand orient says Is law, he thinks he haß
&««i t j£ Jeand
an excellent life line. He will be suc
cessful in all his business undertakings;
will travel extensively.
MRS. (}. M.. Berkeley— Your hand
Bhows that you have had your full share
of the trials and annoyances of this life.
You will become more pliilosophieal as
you grow older. Your life li'ies show
many illnesses, mostly of a nervous char
acter. Sou will gradually rise to a place
of distinction.
MISS A DIME F., San Jose— You have a
very generous hand; great executive
ability. You are ardent and -passionate,
too aggressive for your own good. You
have had many sorrows. Widowhood is
marked. Too many influences In your
life. You have more will fnan logic, "iou
have had great financial difficulties. You
are jealous and independent.
MRS. J. W. X., Petaluma— You have
a haughty, domineering nature unchari
table and unkind in your criticisms of
your neighbors, and you do not adhere
to the truth when discussing them. You
were left a widow at 158 and will not mar
ry again. Your children have given you
much anxiety. You have always had
abundant means at your disposal.
MISS P. 1. -You have a talented heart.
Great independence of thought and ac
tion is shown. You are. very cautious,
but have more will power than logic.
You will have two marriages. You will
have equal influence of two different as
pirations or talents; they result in the
annihilation of actual results. Many
Journeys of importance are marked. lou
have a great amount of artistic ability,
but the fate line is very much broken up.
MRS. A. 1... Santa Rosa-Thls is the
hand of a good, cheerful disposition, ten
der hearted and affectionate. You will al
ways be provided for. You will have
many changes within the next ten years.
GEORGE B. W.— An honest, industrious
hand, affectionate but not sensual. You
are .apt to go to extremes, are generous
rind kind. You are speculative and will
make money through chance. You never
worry about trifles. You have an intense
ly jealous nature.
MRS. A. D.. Sonoma— This Is the hand
of a hard-working woman, indulgent, lov
ing mother, whoso children have not ap
preciated th»^ love lavished upon them.
One child especially has been wayward
and reckless, and has caused you many
heartaches. He will reform and provide
for you in your old age. You have lost
money through lawsuits over property.
only one marriage is indicated.
EVA R.. Healasburg— Your hand indi
cates a nature cold and scheming. An in
satiable desire to be praised. You have
little real talent, hut much conceit. You
are fickle and selfish, make more ene
mies than friends. Your greatest sorrow
was a broken engagement at 20. You
will not marry until you are 35. Your hus
band will die* early in your married life,
leaving you several children and some
property.
MISS GLORY Q., San Jose— A highly
sensitive, worrying, irritable nature, lack
ing in concentration. Many short ill
nesses which will interfere somewhat
with your ongoing. You will be assisted
in your career by pome one with influence j
and money. Great originality and daring. ;
CHARLES YOUNG— Your hand shows i
an honest generous nature. Your lines i
show that you will not continue In your :
present line, but will have a change for
the better inside of a year.
MISS R. A. C— A daring, reckless hand,
much ability but poor self-control, an ar
dent, passionate nature. You will fall in
love with a substantial, honest man, who
will change the course of your life com
pletely. Your marriage to this individual !
will be the ma.king of you.
MR. J. Z. A.— This is the hand of a
person who has be*n forced to follow a
vocation that was not to his taste; he Is
fond of ease and luxury, especially fond
of good eating; a phort life.
MTSS MARIE, Santa Rosa— A sweet, j
dainty, artistic hand; would excel in the
fine arts; you lack will power to concen
trate your* mind and develop your talent;
several short illnesses are shown in your
life line; you will have to be very care
ful about taking cold; you will marry
very happily at 25 a man of means and
talent: much travel in your married life;
three children.
LOUIS C. O. N.— Your hand portrays a
nature keenly alive to all that is beauti- |
ful; you are level-headed and cautious;
your best luck will come after you are 2f>.
JOHN It., Fresno— This is a thoroughly
material type: fond of good living and
especially drinking, which is often car
ried to excess; you have buoyant animal
spirits, good health, stubborn, unyield
ing will: you are fond of gay colors and
lively music: you are restless and irri
table; "a rolling stone": you are unhap
pily married, but the fault is yours; you
are lucky in games of chance.
MAUD R., VaHeJo— The hand of peace
and plenty; you have marked dramatic !
talent and will make your mark on the j
stage before you are 25; you will marry
a widower with money at 2S; will travel
extensively.
ROSE T., Sacramento— This is the hand
of a thoroughly worldly woman, fond of
display, extravagant and willful; no re
gard for law or order; an ardent nature; !
a snap on those who In the camp would
attempt to poke fun at him.
THE NATIONAL UNION.
El Dorado Council at its last meeting
initiated one candidate and there were
presented four applications. Under good
of the order there were remarks by Pres
ident Arter and Secretary Hastings, of
the San Francisco Cabinet, and then a
social hour was spent.
LaFt Monday night Yosemite Council
received three propositions and it will
initiate the candidates at the next meet
ing. .
FRIENDS OF THE FOREST.
Last Monday night Lincoln Lodge had
a pleasant meeting and initiated one can
didate, after which there, were remarks
by a number of members for the good of
the order.
America Lodge has arranged for an en
tertainment and ball to be given in Man
nerbund Hall, Twenty-fourth street and
Potrero avenue, on April 15.
FORESTERS OF AMERICA.
Court Eclipse last Monday night elected
J B Grossman and T. B. Goodwin as
delegates to the grand court session.
After the business was over the commit
tee on entertainment, consisting of J. B.
Grossman. T. B. Goodwin, C M. Gerston
August Carlson. P. Troy, H. Klatt and
E H Thomas, presented a programme,
it' being quarterly jinks night, and two
hours were spent in a very pleasant man
ner ' During the evening there was an
address by Court Physician Dr. Kylnerg,
who resigned his office, as he is going to
reside in Mokelumne Hill.
Court Presidio pave a high Jinks in Its
hall last night and there were many
members of the order and friends present
who were entertained with an interesting
programme of music, song and talk.
THE AMERICAN GUILD.
San Francisco Chapter at its meeting
last Wednesday received official note of
the flrßt death of one of its members, J.
H. Barley, who was crushed in one of the
railroad yards. A committee was ap
pointed to inquire into the accident. The
chapter has decided to move from its
present quarters to Harmony Hall in the
Red Men's building, on Post street. Dur
ing the evening Dr. S. F. Long and }' R.
Waleott were admitted into the order by
initiation.
COMPANIONS OF THE F. OF A.
Inter Nos Circle had an unusually large
and interesting meeting last Wednesday
night. Miss Annio Gamble, Mrs. Sadie
Meyers. Miss Anna Johnson, Misa Dora
Smith, Miss Elsie Fegan and Miss Lizzie
Fegan were admitted to membership by
Initiation. Mrs. Mary Connell and Mrs.
Lizzie Mryers were elected delegates to
the Grand Circle, with Mrs. C. I'ashold j
and Miss Maggie Forest as alternates.
Frederick Erritt was elected chief com
panion to serve the unexpired term of
Miss Emma Oakes, who resigned on ac
count of inability to attend to the duties
of the office. Miss M. Crowley was elected
outside guardian and Miss Nellie Shay in
side guardian for the unoxpired term.
There were soirn' Interesting addresses j
under good of the order and after the !
meeting there were games and refresh
ments were Berved.
Grand Chief Companion Coburn and
other grand officers paid an official visit
last Thursday night to Excelsior Circle.
There was a large attendance, which was
pleased to witness the most satisfactory
manner in which the officers rendered the
ritualistic work.
Mrs. and Miss Mamie Backess of Robin !
you are Jealous and vindictive; a craving
for notoriety, which will be satisfied, as
your present course will bring you con
spicuously before the public; you will hf>
divorced at 26 and remarry the same man
at 28; you have one child, an invalid.
MISS JESSIE R, city— An Indolent,
ease-loving nature, selfish and ardent.
You will have a quarrel with relatives
over money matters that will cause you
great worry and annoyance. You are in
dependent in thought and action, too
frank for your own interest. You have
artistic talent— proud and ambitious.
Much travel. You will be left a widow
early in life.
MASTER L. R. D., Elmira— A fine
healthy constitution and a well-balanced
mind. Kindness, consideration and benev
olence are shown in your palm. You are
prudent and cautious. Will make money
through speculation at 29. You will marry
happily and have a quiet, contented ex
istence.
L. R. G., Stockton— This is the hand of a
veritable sport, fond of horses, dogs and
fast living. You are indolent and indif
ferent to the desires of others. Your hand
shows many intrigues. One affair, espe
cially, nearly cost you your life. You do
not care to study or improve your mind.
You have a violent temper and will lniure
fome one through rage. In your last days
you will be deprived of your liberty.
MISS BLUEBELL— You have a rather
delicate organization. You are broad
minded and express yourself well, make
fj-iends readily, are genergus and kind.
You are fond of the attention of the op
posite sex. Like to have plenty of beaux.
You will mrirrv the man of your choice
and enjoy much travel.
MISS NELLIE D., City— Your hand
shows an ease-loving, ardent nature. You
do not fret over trifles. Your heart line
shows a broken engagement prior to your
marriage. You will be left a widow with
some money. You will have brain trouble,
which will for a time cause anxiety to
those about you. You will take a journey
ami recover entirely. Good prospects
ahead.
MISS B. P.. City— Your nature is indo
lent and visionary, extravagant and im
pulsive. You will marry once and have
one son, who will make his mark in the
world. You will lose money throueh a
lawsuit.
MRS. R., rklah— Your hand shows a
public-spirited individual, energetic and
masterful. You have had many lawsuits
in the last two years. You will win a suit
in the near future, which will put you on
your feet financially. You have traveled
much in the past and will make a Euro
pean tour in a year from now. Two mar
riages, several children.
MISS VIOLET B. B.— Your hand indi
cates great strength of character. Great
love or detail. Tasteful and particular in
matters of dress. Prudent and careful
In your expenditures. There . are two
strong influences in your life. You will
marry and have many changes. Three
children, two boys and one girl. Much
travel. Long life.
MISS LIZZIE D.. Santa Clara— Yours Is
I a religious type of hand. You are set in
i your opinions, creed-bound and narrow in
i your views. You will marry at 22 and
I have an uneventful life. You will be left
i a widow at 42. with three children. Not
j much money at your disposal. Long- life.
E. D., Oakland— This ie the hand of a
minister, eminently suited to his work.
A good speaker, kind and sympathetic.
You will marry an invalid, wno will not
live long after your marriage. It will take
time for you to recover from this loss.
You will be successful In your career and
travel extensively. A small legacy will
be left to you when you are 46. Long
life is assured.
LILLIE TAVERS, San Jose— She has a
restless, changeable disposition. Lacks
continuity and force, but is very talent
ed. Will have to be careful of her health
lat the age of 20. Many changes in her
I career. She will win the favor of people
of influence and money.
JOSEPHINE G., San Jose— Your hand
shows that your happiness will depend
upon the caprice of others. There will
be money left to you at two different
times. One Journey which will mark
an epoch in your career. You will be in
dependent and cautious. There is a
square of preservation from accidents.
RAY F. , Santa Cruz — There is a person
of the opposite sex coming into your life
who will be of great benefit to you, will
in fact change the whole course of your
life. Twice In your lifetime you will nar
rowly escape death.
A. I*. Santa Cruz— You are apt to go
to extremes. Are thoroughly material.
Will always have to work for your living.
MRS. MARY JAMES— This hand has
experienced many changes. Your do
mestic life has not been as free from
care as it might have been. You will
worry less in the future than you have
j in the past, as you will have money from
an unexpected source, which will enable
I you to do for those you wish to advance.
You will take care of your money and
make good use of it.
Madame Neergaard. pupil of St. Germain.
sripntlflc palm reading. 3388 Twenty-first at.,
near Valencia. Telephone White 1571.
Hood Circle of Ran Francisco paid a fra
ternal visit to Hamlet Circle in Alameda
at Its last held meeting.
Orange Blossom Circle of Orovllle ini
tiated eight candidates at its last held
meeting and will initiate seven more at
its next.
Mrs. Rhoda E. Durfee, financial secre
tary of Fidelity Circle of Santa Ana, who
was a representative to the Assembly of
the Maccabees, paid a visit last Sunday
to Miss Agnes D. Bremer at her home in
Alameda.
KXJGIITS OF THE MACCABEES.
The promise of Deputy J. A. Emer
ins made to Golden West Tent that he
would increase the membership of that
body turns out to be not an idle boast,
for since he made it three. weeks ago ha
has secured for it nearly thirty applica
tions to join and of this number fourteen
have already been initialed. The mem
bership of this tent, which a few weeks
ago was not very large, is now seventy
five, and it will not be long before it will
pass the one hundred mark. The lodg*
has organized a degree team, with Sir
Knight G. Morgan as captain. The other
members are: Sir Knights Seaman, El
klns, Malabe^, Cyford. Freeman. Classen.
Altenberg, Mize. Boerner, Feliz. Ernst and
Grundel. The lodge has by special dis
pensation reopened its charter for ninety
days to permit of the admission of new
members at charter fee rates.
The Supreme Tent will meet in Port
Huron, Mich., on the 18th of July
The degree team of San Francisco Tent,
which at the recent convention exempli
fied the ritualistic work under the direc
tion of H. L. Tickner, the captain of the
team, did its work In a manner that en
titles it to the highest praises, for it was
faultless as to memorized work, and the
costumes and accessories were correct in
every particular and were features in tha
production of the effective dramatic ef
fects that are inttoduced to make tha
work have, that impressiveness that th<»
author of the ritual intended. It was said
by Knights from outside of the city. wh'>
have witnessed many teams in the work,
that San Francisco's cannot bo sur
passed.
THE DRUIDS.
Noble Grand Arch Lewis and Grand
Secretary Graves left last Thursday on a
tour of official visitations, and they will
be absent several days. The following is
the itinerary: March- 23. San Joaquin anl
Concordta groves, at Stockton: March 34.
Modesto Grove: March 25, Merced
Grove: March 26. Sumner Grove and
Morton Grove: March 27. Mazzlnln and
Los Angeles groves, at Los Angeles.
W. W. Molllson. past arch of Hesperian
Grove and a prominent member of the
order, died last Monday after an illness of
twenty-four hours.
Aurora Grove initiated one candidate
last Tuesday and conferred the second
degree. Last week Oallileo Grove con
ferred the third degree on two. Laurel
Grove worked in the third degreo, Men
dicino Grove initiated six candidates.
Templar Grove initiated one candidate
and worked In the third degree, an.t
Vasco da Gama conferred the third de
gree on several entitled to receive tha
same.
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST
A new circle. to be known as Cedar,
was instituted last Friday with fifty-five
charter "members.
Last Thursday the supreme grand chief
companion. Mrs. Tieverson: the past su
preme grand chief companion, John Fal
coner, and Max Boehm, the high chief
ranger of the Ancient Foresters, visited
Pinole for the purpose of instituting a
new circle there.
Last v.cok the members of Alba Circle
were visited by Supreme Grand Chief
Companion Mrs. Beverson.THE
STAGE
THE critics of London, literary or
dramatic, have been having a
good time in slinging adjectives,
laudatory or otherwise, at the
row volume of Maeterlinck plays
published by Messrs. Duckworth. "Al
ladine and Palomides." "Interior," and
"The Death of Tintagiles," are the new
productions, and here are some extracts
of the reviews: The Daily Mail head
lines its article "The Charm of Maeter
linck," and thus prologizes: "They are
all simple to a surprising degree,
strangely unreal and bald, with the
ir Maeterlinckian baldness, which
•is like nothing else in literature. Yet
•they are elemental. They go down to
the very bed rook of human nature.
Even the reader initially disposed to be
irreverent leaves them with the convic
-1 on that their author is a new force In
the world, a new seer." We have heard
of the baldness of Wordsworth (I refer
to his poems, of course) which Matthew
Arnold said was like that of the moun
tain tops. The Daily Mail reviewer
continues: " 'Alladine and Palomides'
might be described by many a sane and
reasonable person as frankly idiotic It
has passages of much beauty, but a
lamb that fi<rure s In it emphasizes the
grotesque note, and discomposes the
reader beyond recovery. 'Interior.' on
the other hand, is singularly and un
mistakably beautiful."
The Dally Chronicle sums the plays
up a? "Dramas In Whisper," and says
that Maeterlinck is not only original
hut sincere, thus meeting Goethe's
definition of sincerity. In the Daily
Telegraph Mr. W. L,. Courtney says:
"We have not to deal with real life as
we know it, but with a fantastic scene
full of the imagination of a child. The
curtain rises on old castles, with, won
derful subterranean chambers, winding
staircases, secret passages. endless con
ridors, and, not far away, the. sound of
the restless sea. Sometimes we look
down from a circle of mountains upon
some Old "World dungeon or keept
where the shadows which gather
round the walls are emblematic of
danger or evil, and the air of the val
ley is tainted with miasmatic odors.
If the scenery is thus of that primitive
type which appears in the drawings of
a romantic child, the figures of the
drama are equally remote from exper
ence and life, pale, bloodless phantoms,
hovering between the world we see and
the world of which we dream, pure ab
stractions, whose names are of such
little account that to all intents and
purposes they can get along nameless,
being called 'a king,' or 'a servant,' or
P doctor,' or 'a queen,' or, still more
vaguely, an 'old man,' or 'the
anger.' " • •
• • •
. : Meanwhile Alfred Sutro, the editor of
the volume, describes the' Maeterlinck
plays as "Dramas of unconsciousness
and instinct." Maeterlinck himself de
scribes them as "Three little dramas
for Marionettes."
« • •
Here Is an extract from the preface to
the printed edition of Mr. Jones' "Tri
umph of the Philistines." which is Just
published by Macmillan: "Having de
termined to vindicate those who find
a didactic purpose in mv plays, I cast
about me for the most suitable moral
to illustrate. Looking around upon my
countrymen, upon their smug and
banal ideals, their smug and banal
ways of living, their smug and banal
forms of religion, their smug and banal
terror and ignorance of art, their smug
and banal haste to make the best of
both worlds, I concluded that the most
necessary moral to drive home to Eng
lishmen to-day is the wholesome one
contained in a verse of Eccleslaates.
'Be not righteous overmuch: why
ehouldest thou destroy thyself?'* Con
sidering the source of this precept, its
authority will hardly be questioned by
the mass of my countrymen. The neces
sity for its rigid enforcement will be
equally apparent, I hope. In my stren
uous endeavor to point a moral I fear I
flid not take care to write a good play."
The preface also gives one to under-
Ftand that Mr. Jones has not a very
high opinion of the character of the
author of the Psalms. Mr. Jones' pref
aces will serve as valuable material for
bis biographer.
• •
As a front piece to "The Ambassa
dor," the social comedy that is Btill In
success at the St. James Theater, Lon
don, Mrs. Craigie (John Oliver' Hobbs)
has written "A Repentance." The crit
ics are not agreed on the value of this
second dramatic work of Mrs. Craigie's.
It seems to lack the "construction"
that was so much commented on in her
first effort. This Is the story of "A Re
pentance":
In 1835 the Countess dcs Escas, a de
voted adherent of the Carlist cause,
was mourning the death of her hus
band, who had fallen in one of the bat
tles of the civil wars so frequent in
Spain. She kneels, dressed in black,
before the altar in a room in her palace
at Bilbao; apparently this room has
been half converted into a memorial
chapel. Over and around the door of
the husband's room the funeral hang
ings still remain, and the grief of the
Countess is only tempered by the fact
that her husband died in the Carllst
*%üb«*. We learn the sequence of events
=s» a conversation between the Count
ess dcs Escas and the Marquis of Mon
f>ro, and further that a Christinist at
tack is expected on the citadel. Pres
ently there is a howl of the mob out-
Bide, and we understand that a friar
Is being maltreated by a band of gyp-
Bles and the ardently political riff-raff
of the ancient town of Bilbao. The
Countess sends out her servants and
gives the friar shelter; afu-r a very few
words it is clear that the man is a
ppy, and the Marquis de Monfero prom
ises to come in with a picket of men to
watch in case he proves troublesome.
The spy. "vous le devinez " as M. Sar
cey says, is the Count dcs Escas, who
had never been killed at all. After a
long ecene the Count reveals himself.
• • •
As soon as the Countess discovers h«r
husband she runs and puils down the
funereal curtains from ' the bridal
chamber, but her joy Is somewhat
marred when she learns that her hus
band has gone over to the other side.
Bhe opposes religious faith to her hus
band's opportunism, but they do not
thrash the subject out, for the Marquis
returns with his men. The Countess
hides her husband in the bridal cham
•»•* and. imagines the subterfuge of cut
Blanche Bates' Quick Leap to Fame.
New Pfays 5y Maeterfincft.
ting her arm with a dagger and attri
buting the wound to the friar, who, she
says, has escaped through the window.
The Carlist leader demurs, but finally
consents to be sent away; then Dcs
Escas appears at the door of the room
dressed^ in his uniform. He has given
his promise to his wife, and when the
I'hristlnists enter he refuses to follow
them, and is shot dead before his
wife's eyes.
• • •
Lots of persons used to write letters
to the dramatic critic of The Call, won
dering why he reckoned Miss Blanche
Bates among the big actresses of Amer
ica. Perhaps they, as well as her
admirers here — and she has them
by the thousand — will he pleased
to know that in the short time she has
attained to unquestioned position and
no little fame. Her latest success is in
the James O'Neil production of "The
Musketeers" at the Broadway Theater.
She impersonates Milady, and from all
accounts the honors seem to be all
hers, William Winter, reviewing the
adaptation and the playing, has this to
say in the Tribune:
"The triumph of Miss Blanche Bates,
in this harrowing and most exacting
situation, should be recorded as one of
genuine and remarkable power. Amid
all the extravagance of the theatrical
scheme — tlv plotting Cardinal, the
eavesdropping, the secret panel, the talk
of an imperiled Queen, an infatuated
noble, the state's welfare, and the re
wards of falsehood, and all the stuff
and nonsense of a wild and whirling
nove l_she made her auditors forget the
theater, and yield themselves com
pletely to the charm of a bad woman,
superb in her beauty, and, sirenlike,
luring honor to destruction with the in
fernal witchery of sensual love. As to
her study of the human nature of this
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
NO PERFORMANCE TO-NIGHT.
Beginning MONDAY SECOND WEEK
I BOSTONIANS
Last 6 Nights Matinee Saturday
Their Great Success,
ROB ROY!
f4. Ices 50c, 75c, $1 and $1.50
Next Monday— "THE SERENADE."
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Morosco Amusement Co. (Inc.) Lessee
A BRILLIANT OPENING!
SATURDAY EVENING April 1. 1833
THE SOUTHWELL OPERA CO.
THE BLACK HUSSAR.
3 years at the Grand Opera House, Philadelphia
3 Prima Donnas-*! Tenor3— Chorus of 40.
. PRICES :
Orchestra Floor & Dross Circle (reserved). sl.oo
Admission • ; •• • • j>°. c
Family Circle and Gallery (not reserved).... 2oc
j NOTE— on Sale MONDAY, March 27. |g
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 26, 1899.
been fn New York Blanche Bates has
baleful woman there may be a ques
tion: nobody can steep the soul In evil
without leaving some record of it in the
face, and Miss Bates, until the moment
of the frenzy, evinced no inward strug
gle, and no sign of pain; but, as to the
brilliancy and the power of the acting,
there could be no question whatever.
A new actress has arisen to adorn our
stage, and at last the new theatrical
generation may have a reason for its
enthusiasm."
Jhe Golumbia.
The Bostonlans, with "Rob Roy" as the
bill, have played to a succession of
crowded housff at the Columbia Theater
in the face of the opposition of the grand
opera season. This ever-welcome organ-
ization emphasizes each year the warm
regard In which it is held in the esteem
of music-lovers. Individual opinions may
differ as to the merits and demerits of
the personnel of the present group of
singers, but the fact rr mains that the en
semble is strong and the performances are
quite up to the high standard set by this
company. From a histrionic standpoint
the work of the organization is good, and
the appearance of Helen Bertram as
prima donna soprano is most welcome,
for her spirited acting is far superior to
that of any of her predecessors.
In "Kob Roy" the Bostonlans have
'tgain scored most heavily, and the de
mand for seats for the lfint performances
to btv given next week is as heavy as it
was previous to the opening performance
of the new work. Like its companion pic
ture of English outlawry, "Robin Hood,"
"Rob Roy" presents a series of more or
less historic Incidents through which is
threaded a legitimate comic element.
Pictorially "Rob Roy" is especially
attractive with its masses or Eng
lish scarlet and Scottish plaids, while
the spirited finales and ensembles
are potent to stir the blood. In.
dividual hits have been scored by Mr.
Barnabee as the provost, and his fun
making is admirably reinforced by those
capable actors, George Frothingham and
Harry Browa. The -principal musical 1
AMUSEMENTS*
ALCAZAR THEATER.
TO-NIGHT (SUNDAY), AT 8:15. *
One More Week of Laughter.
To-Morrow (Monday) Nlpht Begflns the LAST
WEEK of the N. Y. Lyceum Theater Hit,
jyERVMS
THE MOST AMUSING FARCE
EV£R SEEN.
PRICES ■ 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
April 3— CHARITY BALL
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng. . . .Proprietor and Mgr.
THIS EVENING— LAST TIME.
Gilbert and Sullivan's Greatest Work,
.THE MIKADO.
GET. THIS ON YOUR LIST.
TO-MORROW EVENING and All the Week,
The favorite Ballad Opera.
THE BOHEMIAN GIRL.
• Look Out for
* BEAUTIFUL GULDEN LOCKS
Our Easter Spectacular Fantasia,
Popular Prices 25c and 50c
N. B.— A Reserved Seat for the Matinee 25«
Our Telephone, Bush a. ■
gems of the opera are allotted to Helen
Bertram, Jessie Bartlett Davis, William
H. Mac Donald, William Lavin, William
Broderick and Josephine Bartlett. Al
together "Rob Roy" is an entertainment
with melodies that linger on the ear, and
It is a work that can be heard more than
once with pleasure. Following "Rob
Roy" the "Serenade" is announcer! a.« the
Easter attraction. This delightful compo
sition by Victor Herbert, with its dashing
melodies and comic story of Andnlusian
life, made an immediate hit when pre
sented here at the Baldwin last year.
Jviorosco's Comic Opera.
On Saturday evening next Mr. Walter
Morosco will introduce to us at the Grand
Opera-house the Southwell Comic Opera
Company, which comes to us from a tri
umphant season of three years at the
Grand Opera-house, Philadelphia, and
contains, so we are promised, not only a
rich collection of singers but a splendid
chorus and a complete orchestra, the con
ductor of wHich latter is Sellie Simonseh.
The chief of the prima donnas is Miss
Edith Mason, the possessor of a soprano
voice of great volume and compass. It is
also said of her that she is a clever and
accomplished actress and a strikingly
beautiful woman, who bears an astonish
ing resemblance to Lillian Russell. An
other prima donna is Misn Daisy Thorne.
who has won great pmise from the critics
In the East and is ''xpected to score a
great success here. Chief of the contral
tos Is Hattie Bell Ladd, who is said to he
endowed with a phenomenal voice. For
eccentric comedy and character roles Bes-
sic Fairbain has been engaged. Nance
15onevllle. a clever and versatile actress,
will appear in responsible roles, Jirul the
! most prized of the tenors will be Thomas
; H. Persse, who is said to be a reminis
cence of Campanini. Of the barytones the
i chief attention v.'!l! be attracted to Win
fred Goff. William Wolff will be the
leading basso ot" the organization and the
low comedian will be Arthur Wooloy. who
will have a good assistant In W. 11.
Slonne. The stag'- manager is Charles
H. Jones, who has had an experience of
a quarter of a century in this country
and in Europe. The company has during
Its long association collected a very lar«e
: repertoire, which contains many recent
successes of importance. Th<> opening
piece will be "The Black Hussar.
The y\lKambra.
Agnes Heradon will commence the sec
ond week of her engagement at the Al
hambra to-morrow night with a recent
New York melodramatic success, entitled
"Saved From the Flames." It abounds in
sensations and startling incidents a-nd will
be most elaborately mounted. The prin
cipal effect will be the novel arrangement
lof a fire scene. Mlbs Herndon will appear
I as the heroine, Madeleine Merton, and
AMUSEMENTS.
ALHAMBRA THEATER.
Comer of Eddy and Jones Streets.
Under the Management of Holden, Mac Donald
and Kilgo.
THIB AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
Lost Appearance of
AGNES HERNDON,
IN
"LA BELLE MARIE."
TO-MORROW EVENING.
AGNES HERNDON
Supported by ALBERT A. ANDRUSS and the
Alhambra Eastern Stock Company, In
the Lateßt New York Dramatic
Success,
"SAVED FROM THE FLAMES"
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Price*-- 10c, 160, 25c and 35c.
...OLYMPIA...
Eddy St., Cor. Mason.
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall.
ALL GREAT EASTERN STAR SPECIAL-*
TIES.
SIG. ANTONIO VARGAS
World Famous Barytone.
Dv Dell gSIIt Dv Dell
Aerial Artist.
» The Star Hit of the Tear.
<PUERITA VINCENT,
Queen of All "Coon" Songstresses, In New
. . : ■.;•.•• Repertoire.- -..;--_■.•.•«. c
TWELVE ALL-STAR SPECIALTIES.
■ji Admission Free. Matinee Sunday. • ? >
Albert A. Andruss will play the leading
male character. Laura Alberta's versa
tility ■will be exhibited by her appearance
as Bobby Jones, a New York bootblack.
Florence Rossland, Grace Pierce, Rho
detta Fermer, Little Rosine Bennet, De
Witt Clinton, Thomas Doyle. Joseph
Treacy, Charles Swain. Edward O'Connor
and Frank Wyman will also be in the
cast, which will be an exceptionally
strong one. The attendance this week has
been very good, considering the wet
weather. The success of the new man
agement would seem assured.
The /\lcaza-.
A hit has been scored by the Alcazar
company In the Paulton farce, "Nerves,"
which is doing so well that it will be con
tinued another week. "A Bit of Scan
dal," which was to have gone on to-mor
row night, will be held back for a week.
The story of "Nerves," which was told
in an earlier issue, is very amusing. The
retribution that comes to thos<? petuiant
persons who credit all their bad nature to
their "nerves" is humorously managed,
and the company gives a lively perform
ance. Some nf the settings are striking,
especially the one of a confectionery
shop.
Jhe Tiv>o!i.
The Tfvnl! will revive for the last week
of Lent, commencing to-morrow evening,
Balfe's favorite ballad opera, "The Bo- j
hemian Girl," with a cast that includes •
Anna Iyichtex as the gypsy girl. BernUe
Holmes as the vengeful queen of the |
gypsies, Gerald Gerome as the young
Tole, William Pruette as fount Arn
helm. Phil Branson as the riudish Flores
tlne and Edwin Stevens as the happy-go
lucky Dovllshoof. On Monday evening,
April :?, will be presented for the first
time on any stage the Easter operatic
fnntasia. "Beautiful Goldenlocks," a me
lange of song 1 , dance and humor, and. 1t
It |i edged, one of the most perfect home
productions as regards scenery, costumes
and accessories ever attempted in this
city.
Jhe OrpKeurr.
The Orpheum promises a great hoveity
for this week in the Matwecf troupe of
Russian acrobats. They come from St.
Petersburg and it is believed that they
excel anything of the kind ever seen here.
Another great act is by the Pantzer
brothers, head-to-head balancers, who
were seen hereabout three years ago. They
are credited with having a much strong
er act now than when first here. Manning
and Weston are comedians and vocalists.
Mr. Weston, of the team, is known as the
boy soprano and is said to have a won
derful voice. The holdovers will for the
most part appear in a change of bill.
AMUSEMENTS.
DON'T FORGET
. . . THE . . .
GRAND OPENING THIS AFTERNOON
. . . OF 1 THE . . .
CALIFORNIA LEAGUE
BASEBALL SEASON OF 1899 !
OAKLAND vs. SAN FRANCISCO.
GAME CALLED AT 2 P. M.
RECREATION PARK Corner Eighth and Harrison
Send the Weekly Call to Your Friends.
ENLARGED 10 SIXTEEN PAGES. ONLY ONE DOLLAR PER YEAR.
The Gypsy Quintet will have all new
songs: the Dartos. Barnes and Sisslon
and J. W. Winton, new material. Percy
Honri, the concertinist, has new selec
tions. Mr. and Mrs. William Robyns will
retain "Straight Tip Jim," the "comedy
skit that has made a hit.
The Ghutes.
The bill at the Chutes Free Theater
this week will be unusually good. Deren
da and Breen, the club-swlngers, who
made such a hit at the Orpheum for sev
eral weeks, will repeat their graceful act.
and Carl Laurent, dubbed the "king of
coins," will make his first appearance on
the coast. He is said to h.^ a clever ma
gician. Sawvell, the basso, and his col
ored quartet sing pleasing glees and hold
the stag' fur half an hour at every per
formance; and Sherman and Morrissey.
the "unbreakable" comedians, literally
make howling hits. The four MiHons,
saxophone, ball and calliope players, will
appear for their third and last week.
Many new moving pictures will also be
shown. This afternoon Little Kgypt and
her Oriental troupe will begin a brief en
gagement. .
lar\ Maclaren or\ Kipling.
"Lan Maclaren" (Rev. John Watsont,
who will lecture here shortly, is a warm
personal friend of Rudyard Kipling, be
sides being bound to him by the ties o!
copatrlotism. When the author of "The
White Man's Burden" was recently bat
tling with death. Dr. Watson contributed
this high tribute to tin- distinguished pa
tient: "The lamentable news that Rud-
yard Kipling: is in danpor of death comes
with a shock of grief to a fellow country
man and a readinp man. Almost since
the beginning of his career I have read
evfery word he wrote, and have found in
his works an Inspiration beyond that of
any living novelist. He deals with first
hand with the half a dozen passions
which mold human nature, ard always"
\vit!>. insight and nobility. His death,
which may Cicn\ fnrhitl. would, in my hum
bl.> judgment, deprive English Utters of
our greatest namr and Knirland of her
r<-.il i">. t-laureate. lam only an humble
worker with a pen and not in Kipling's
rank. It would seem doubly hard thar
he should d!» now. whfn he has just
reached his prime. He is surely the one
conspicuous and pre-eminent fig-ure in
English literature of the past decade."
Music.
Rosenthal. the pianist, will give two
concerts in the Qrand Opera-house on
the afternoons of April .25 and 28. under
the direction of S. H. Friedlander. The
prices will be popular.
A special I^enten service of sacred mv- I
sic will be riven at Sacred Heart Church. :
corner Fillmore and Fell streets, by the
Meyerinck Club Wednesday evening.
March 29, on which occasion will be ren
dered for the first time in San Francisco
the first part of Lorenzo Perosi's (the
priest composer's) oratorio, "Passion of
v hrist." Mr. Henri Falrweather will
sing the solo part. There will also be a
varied programme of solos, duets and
concerted numbers, the soloists being the
Misses Maude Fay. Carolyn D. Roper,
Else Priber and Cecilia M. Decker.
The Oivjmpia.
The Olymnla has a card in Sig. An
tonio Vargas, the barytone, who sings se
lections from the popular operas. Dv
Bell, the aerial artist. Is a wonder, and
Querita Vincent has such a. strong hold
en the Olympiads patrons that she has
been retained indefinitely. This week she
appears In new songs, "including one by
Lee Johnson.
G.lds ir\ Warm Glima es.
Colds and allied diseases are so easily
induced in a hot climate, which keeps the
pores of the skin constantly open, that
few people escape being afflicted for
many weeks at a time by some form of
these distressing attacks; and once hay- ■
ing contracted cold in the head, sore
throat, or Inflamed lungs, it is difficult
to assuage the trouble. The hot moist
air in sunshine changing to a subtle chilli
ness under a heavy shower, or to positive
dankness during the clear nights, con
stantly- adds to the inflammation of the
! membranes, unless the utmost caution ia
exercised.
A susceptible person or a -victim to colds
must take prompt, measures to alleviate
the simple trouble, or it may be followed
by pneumonia, or by the far worse and
more insidious disease consumption.
•Woolen abdominal bandages are advo
cated as a means of reducing the danger
of rapid changes, in the surface tempera
sure of the body, and are undoubtedly
worthy of consideration. The writer,
however, prefers to dress with a fair de
gree of warmth, generally wearing thin
cotton underclothes, protected by light
woolen ove-rclothes.
While in this way one may become
overheated, the cooling-off process is not
nearly so dangerous with a complete cov
ering of non-conducting woolen mate
rials as it is with the thin cotton and
linen clothes affected by the native popu
lation. It is a good plan always to put
on hoarier clothes at night. If you feel
the slightest chilliness, exercise, or put
on a light overcoat. By following these
suggestions the grave afflictions of local,
congestion may be largely prevented.—
Harper's Weekly.
KEYSTONE LODGE, K. OF H.
By an unfortunate selection of dates
; the banquet to the grand officers and
! representatives to the Grand Lodge of
| the Knights of' Honor and the theater
party arranged by Keystone Lodgi fell
! on the same night, consequently It was
I Impossible for both to be accepted. There
were some who preferred the theater to
the banquet, and they were there en
j tertained by the committee of Keystone
! Lodge consisting of Charles H. Holcomb,
I Fred Raabe and Fred Raisch. The thea-
I ter was appropriately decorated with the
j colors of tho order, over the stage wag a
; motto of welcome and over the stage
I boxes were displayed the two beautiful
j banners awarded to Keystone for being
the banner lodge in California.
WOMEN OF WOODCRAFT.
Last Friday night California Circle,
Women of Woodcraft, recently instituted,
gave its first entertainment and social la
the Banquet Hall of the Native Sons'
building. There was a pood attendance
of the members and their friends, who
1 were entertained with a pleasing- pro
! gramme, which had for features vocal
| and instrumental music and recitations
: by Dr. Burnham and Miss Steele, Miss
I Perrin. Mr. Raabe, Mr. Cartwrlght. Mar
i cus Anderia. Miss E. Boyer and others.
I This was followed by a programme of
dances and a cotillon. The circle can feel
proud of Its first effort in the entertain
ment line.
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE.
The following councils have been visltM
by the supreme officers: Council 59 on
the 9th Inst.. R5 on the 15th and 50* on the
17th. The officers will visit as follows:
March 20 to Council 32. 22d to No. 7. 23(1
to No. 72. April 4 to No. 460 and oth to No.
129. On -Mnrch 21 they will visit No. 4
and on April 6 No. 24. both across the bay.
Colonel J. J. Tobin lectured before Wat
sonville Council last Friday.
Columbia Council initiated three candi
dates last Wednesday.
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST.
Last Wednesday night Liberty Circle
in Mission Opera Hall was visited by
Supreme Chief Companion Mrs. Sarah
Beverson. Supreme Left Guide Miss Mc-
Norton. Supreme Inside Guard Miss?
Roeie Banz, Supreme Herald Mrs. Alice
Follet and Supreme Grand Secretary
Mrs. Floronri' X. Marrow. The meeting
was an interesting and instructive one,
and after the work of the evening was
over the visitors were entertained at a.
banquet.
THE JUNTOR ORDER.
At the recent meeting of Hamilton
Count il the officers were Installed by C.
C. <'i">k. P. S. C. and during the evening
ther>' was work in the initiatory degree.
At the close of the meeting there was a
banquet and a flow of oratory that has
seldom been equaled in a council of the
order.
4-^-<s><s><?><£ < § > < $ > '§ > $ >< § i '$ >< $ >< § >< $ 1< 3 > € > <^ 1
* The Sunday Call, 32 «•
pages, delivered at your *
home by mail for $1 50
♦ a year. Subscribe for it. ♦
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY. SUNDAY, March 28.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; balcony. 10c; children,
10c, any part.
WEEK COMMENCING MONDAY, MARCH 27.
BIG 81LL...
...0w...
or. "" VAUDEVILLE
$35 STARS... + :[:
THE MATWEEFS, Europe's Greatest Acro-
bats.
PANTZER BROS., Equilibrists.
MANNING AND WESTON, Star Vocalists.
OLA HAYDEN, Girl Barytone.
GYPSY QUINTET, New Repertoire.
I PERCY HONRI. THE DARTO9. MR. AND
MRS WILLIAM ROBYNS AND BARNES
AND SISSON. "
CHUTES AND ZOO !
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EV^NINO.
Great Bill in the_Free Theater.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE
LITTLE EGYPT
And Her Oriental Troupe in Their Refined Ex-
hibition of Eastern Life.
SPECIAL! SUNDAY AFTERNOON AND
EVENING,
KID McCOY
Will Spar Three Rounds With JACK STENZ-
LER in the FREE THEATER and QVER th«
LAKE.
ISO EXTRA CHARGE.
UNION COURSING PARK,
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY, March 25 and 28.
PHENOMENAL
COURSING.
SAPLING AND OPEN STAKES
112 NOMINATIONS. .-;
$940-PRIZE MONEY !-$940
TRAIN SERVICE.
Leaves Third and Townsend streets, Satur-
day 12:55 p. m. ; Sunday, 11 a. m., 12 m. and
lorn* Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets five
minutes later. Returning from Park immedi-
ately after last course. Extra train from Park,
Sunday, 4:45 p. in. San Mateo electric car*
cV ADMISSION a eB CENTS. LADIES FREB.
2930
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver unchanged.
Bank clearings train over last year.
Shipment of 1123,740 to China.
.Wheat futures tinner.
"Barley futures unsettled.
Cits. Corn and Rye dull.
Small decline In Hay.
Bran lower and weak.
Middlings steady.
No change In Beans.
Potatoes and Onions steady.
Asparagus declined.
Poultry firm and unchanged.
Butter weak and Eggs easy.
Strawberries sold lower.
Apples and Oranges *teady.
Nothing new in' Provisions. .
Wool. Hops and Hides quiet.
Meats stand the same.
IMPORTS OF GROCERIES.
Import* of staple groceries at this port (Jur- j
Ing the first two months of the year were
as follows, compared with the same time In :
IWR- Sugar, 51 259,.«00 pounds, against 36.990.. 00; |
Coffee 4.874,700 pounds, against 8,988.000; _Jt Ice. j
13,603,200 pounds, against 9.655.500; Tea. 960,1*0
pounds, against 457.900.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Loca' hank clearings last week were $14,686.
--509. against $12,576,828 for the sania week last .
year. .
EXPORTS OF SALMON.
Exports of Salmon from this port by sea |
during the first two months of the year were
66 4C4 cases and 1546 packages, valued at $i.:.
--147 against 28.894 cases and 266$ packages at
$126,784 for the Fame time In IS9B.
TREASURE SHIPMENT.
The China took out a treasure list of $123,740. j
consisting o( $»2C In Mexican dollars, $76,i«7j
In golf, coin. $25,000 In dollars and $13,&G0 lv
I'eruv' in soles.
OUR FRUITS AND SALMON ABROAD.
California fruits continue in good demand, j
cays the London Grocers' Gazette, and the late |
firm prices are fully maintained. The Water- :
100 ha* arrived and has brought 79,.*>29- cases.
These figure*, however, appear to have been
mixed with the total of the salmon brought !
by the same boat, and we believe that our
Information, which gives the quantity as 35.
--430 cast-? will l- found approximately accu
rate The Man.- Hacktvid is now discharging j
her ca-go in very good condition and there has ;
been an unusual demand, with the result that |
everything from the quays has been cleared.
Business In salmon has shown very little re
vival and the consequence is that arrivals ,
within the last week have been mainly stored.
Holders are firm, with the conviction that later
on there may be a better demand, but the .
present high prices seem to have reduced the
consumption. The supply of half-pound tins
has been limited, but one vessel With a lair
quantity on board Is now due.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian—Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO, March 25, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date a? compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall In last twenty-four
tOUrS: Last This Last
Stations— 14 Hours. Season. Season.
Tureka 0-02 30.55 . 28.45
!*&:::::::::.».. 0..« is:« 12.0s
Sacramento .... 0.00 3.91 8.55
Pan Francisco 0.01 15.35 7.X
Fresno 0.32 .6.51 3.SS
San Luis Obispo l».7t> 14>- »•»*
Los Angeles 0.02 4.,3 6.04
San Diego 0.00 4.M 3.M
Vurna 0.00 1.34 1.62
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
—; minimum, —: mean, —.
RIVER STAGES.
Gauge Change since
readings. 3 a. m.
Feet. Rise. Fall. Condition, j
Sacramento ... 23.0 Stationary
Tehama 15.5 0.6 ... Falling
Red Bluff 18.6 ... 2.9 Falling
Marysville .... 18-4 Stationary
Waterford 14.7 ... 0.9 Falling
Colusa 23.7 0.7 ... Rising
S Joaquln brag 13.8 0.8 ... Rising
Folsom 22.0 ... 1.5 Falling
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather is cloudy over the southwestern
half of the Pacific Slope and fair over the
remaining districts. Light rain has fallen dur
ing the day in the upper portion of the San
Joaquin Valley and in the northern portion of
South'-™ California; also In Nevada, Utah and
Idaho and snow In Wyoming.
The pressure is rising quite rapidly over the
northern portion of the country.
The rivers have about reached their crest
and vill begin to fall Sunday.
Conditions are favorable for fair warmer
weather in California Sunday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, March 26:
Northern California—Fair Sunday; warmer;
light variable winds.
Southern California—Partly cloudy Sunday,
with showers in south portion; fresh west wind.
Nevada—Fair Sunday.
Arizona—Partly cloudy Sunday, with snow in
north portion and showers .in south portion;
cooler.
Utah— Snow Sunday; cooler.
?nn Francisco aiM vicinity— Pair Sunday;
Warmer; fresh northwest wind.
G. 11. AviLLSON, Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. March Stocks were very
strong to-day and with the transactions of over
half a million shares In the two hours' session
material gains were quite general and quota
tions closed at about the best. Expectation that
the bank statement would be favorable was an
early incentive, for purchases, and when it
appeared, although showing an increase of
about $5, 500.0U0 in the discount, the decrease of
only $500,000 In the surplus reserve received a
favorable Interpretation and most stocks con
tinued their progress upward. The firmness for-
American securities in London in anticipation
of the fortnightly settlement, the reappearance
of large factors in the market, less apprehen
sion as to the monetary situation and the
nearness of the close of certain State Legis
latures were all assigned as reasons for confi
dence In market operations. The announcement
of the .formal transfer of the Brooklyn Union
Elevated to the Brooklyn Rapid Transit.Com
pany's stock was made, and rose 4% points on
large dealings.
There was a Jump of 4 points In Long Island
Railroad, which is understood to have a work-
Ing arrangement of the Brooklyn Rapid. Tran
sit. There were sympathetic advances with
Transit In other local transportation shares,
Metropolitan figuring for 3%, Third Avenue 4
and Manhattan a fraction. Among the Indus
trials Continental Tobacco preferred got up 2%,
Gas 1 ' and Consolidated Gas X Among the
Yanderbllte there were advances of 1% in New
York Central and lc for Canadian Central.
Strength was also displayed by Atchlson pre
ferred. Southern Railway preferred and St.
Loula and San Francisco. Although most loans
■were made on Friday to carry over until Mon
day the fact that call rates ruled to-day at 4
per cent was favorably commented upon and
the market cloned strong. About seven-tenths
of the stock dealt In on the Exchange advanced
this week. The dealings, which were about
half a million larger than the week previous,
were mostly influenced by the monetary situa
tion and the Interest attached to the bank
statement was largely as to whether it fore
casted easier or tighter money. Judging from
the course of prices after the bank statement's
appearance speculators seemed to Incline to the
view that for the present call money would
not get above this week's figures. The highest
rate for call money accommodations, 9 per cent,
was reached on Monday. Subsequently the
rale gradually Cased off and closed at 4 per
cent, only slightly above the lowest figure.
Notwithstanding the high rates for call money
prevailing through the week exchange ruled
firm", .showing that imports of gold were un
likely.
The Vanderbilts were strong. New York Cen
tral making the extreme rise of nearly 5
points. Atchlson preferred and Union Pacific
f referred were bettered to the extent of about
. Among the specialties there were irregulari
ties. Brooklyn Transit, on fresh acquisitions of
contiguous lines, roee IS points.
The .transactions In ' Brooklyn Transit were
nearly three-fifths of a million shares and the
activity and Interest in this stock was spread
over nearly the whole week. Sugar was second \
In activity, nearly half a million shares being ,
dealt in, the 'bulk of which was in the early
part of the week, v 200,000 changing hands on
Monday at the highest quotation in the stock's
history: IS2 was reached. The stock fluctuated
wildly down and up, 154 being the lowest, and
closing with a net locs of 11 points.
The week's bond market showed a generally
healthy tone, with notable improvements in
many securities.
United States new fours regular advanced %, |
do coupon 94; the fives, the threes and the old
fours coupon %, and do regular % In the bid
price.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 547,800
shares, Including: Atchiaon 35*9, Atchison pre
ferred 48.865. Burlington 22,485,' L. and N. 4550,
Manhattan 17,870. , Metropolitan 8603. Missouri
Pacific 3100, Northern Pacific 6770, St. Paul 10,
--707. Southern Pacific 3250, Southern preferred
14,«:;, Union Pacific preferred 7755. American
Steel and Wire 4560. Federal Steel 5600. Federal
Steel preferred 11.600, Consolidated Gas 11.300,
Brooklyn Transit 113.990. Sugar 6765, Tennessee
Coal and Iron 3500, Chicago Gas 13,100.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 22% St L & S W...... 10%
Do prefd 63>i Do preid 31
Baltimore & Ohio. 69% St Paul 127T»
Canada Pacific .... 55% Do prefd 170%
Canada Southern.. ES St P & Ota, 9S*i
Cent Pac 51% Do prefd 170
.Ches & Ohio ...... 27% ISo Railway !2"«
Chi & Alton 174 I Do prefd U*
Chi B * Q 144%lTexaa & PaclSo.... 28%
Ch; &- E 111 72% I Union Pacific .... 47%
Do prefd 120 ' Do prefd .... Sl l i
Chi a w WilY I' i> *.a 12
Chi Ind & L B%|W«ba*b 8%
Do prefd 42 Do prefd 23' «
Chi & N W 149 Wheel & L L .... 11%
Do prefd 190 Do prefd 31?*
CCCA St L 88% Express Companies-
Do prefd 97 Adams Ex 113
Del & Hudson 116% American Ex ....140
Del L & W 17141 United States .... «4
Den & Rio G 22°* Wells Fargo 125
Do prefd 76% Miscellaneous-
Erie new 1414 A Cot Oil 26
Do l«t prefd .... 59% DO prefd '.'2
Ft Wayne ISO Amn Spirits 14
Gt Nor prefd ....190% Do prefd 39%
Hocking Vnl 8% Am Tobacco* 209
Illinois Cent 116% Do prefd 142
Lake Erie & W.... 18% Cons Gas 203K
Do prefd CS Com Cable Co — 1-5
Lake Shore 200 Col F & Iron .... 36
Louis & Nash .... 66 Do prefd 97
Manhattan L 109* Can Electric 113%
Met St Ky 256 Haw Coml Co .... .7
Mich Cent 113 Brooklyn R T 11. %
Minn A St L 53 Intnl Paper 52
Do Ist prefd .... 99 Do prefd 82
'. Mo Pacific 46%iLaolede Gas 54%
! Mobile & Ohio .... 40V 4 Lead 84%
Mo K\& T 13 ! Do prefd 112%
Do prefd 39% Nat Lin Oil *%
! N J Central 119 Pacific Mail 4*%
j N V Centra! 137% People's Gas 122%
N V Chi & St L.. 13'% Pullman Pal ......159
Do Ist prefd .... 05 Silver Cert 60
Do M prefd .... 33 Standard R & T. 11V*
Nor West 17% Sugar 160>4
No Amer Co 9V» Do prefd 115
No Pacific 51% T C & Iron 02%
Do prefd 79:4 U S Leather 6%
! Ontario & W 28% 1 Do prefd 73*»
Or It A Nay 45 U S Rubber 61%
Or Short Line .... 41%) Do prefd 118
( Par Coast Ist pfd. 87 West Union 33%
Do Id prefd .... 62 Or R & Nay pfd.. 72
I Plttsburg ... v ISO Fed Steel M*
Reading .....%.... 24% Do prefd BS%
Do Ist prefd .... 67% Amn S & W Co.. 61M»
ROW 35 Do prefd 103%
Do prefd 76',; Pac Coast 44
Rock Island 119% Colo Southern .... 70
St L& S F 11% Do Ist prefd .... SB%
Do prefd 70 Do 2il preia ... S 24
Do 2d prefd 40% Con Tobacco ...... 4S T &
So Pacific 35% Do prefd ........ SS%
CLOSING BONDS.
D S Ss 108 IN V Central 15t5. .114%
V S new 4s peg.... 129% j N J C 6s 119
Do coup 129% N Carolina 6s ISO
\v s 4s 111%- Do 45.... 108
Do coup 113% No Pac lsts 117*6
Do 2ds 99% Do 3s 68
V S 5s reg 112% Do 4s 103%
Do 6s coup 112% N V C & St L 45.. .107%
District 3.65s ll&H'Nor & W 65..' 130
Ala class A 109 Northwestern c0n. 142%
Do B 109 Do deb Gs..'. 123
Do C 100 O Nay' lsts 11l
Do Currency 100 O Nay 4s 102
Atchison 4s 102% O S Line 6s tr 128%
Do adj 4s i>3 OS Line 58 tr 110
i Can So 2ds 109 Reading 4s S»%
C& O 4%« S3 RG W lsts.... »7%
; Chi Term 45... 100 ' St L & I M con 111%
■ C & Ohio Bs..' 120 St.L ft 9 X gen 65.123; i
! C II A I' 4%s 101% St P Con 167
!D& R Q lsts luS> 2 St PC & P lsts 121%
I D A RG 4s 107% Do 5s 120%
. East Term ls(s 105 Bo Ry as 10C%
Erie Gen 4s Stund R & T 65... 83%
F W & D lsts tr.. S3'»|Tenn new set 35... 97
: c,. Elec 5s 115 Tex Pac L G lsts.. 112
G II & H A 6s 110 | Op Rg 2ds 54%
Do ?ds 110 iUrrton Par lsts 104%
11 &TC Cs 112 UPD & G lsts... 98%
Do con 6s 110 Wabash Ist 5s 116%
' lowa C lsts 110 I "Do 2d^> 97
' La new con 4s 109% 1 W Shore 4s 114
I. A N Uni 4s 96% Va Centuries 83%
Missouri 6s 120 Do deferred 9
M X & T 2ds 67% Wls Cent lsts 63
Do 4s 94 I Colo Southern 45.. S>6?i
. MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 40iOntarlo 5 00
Crown Point SolOphlr 120
■ Con Cal & V ...:.. 2 20 Plymouth 10
' Deadwood 65 Quicksilver 2 'V)
Gould *.• Curry.... 45 Do prefd 650
Hale & Norcrpss.. 35 Sierra Nevada 120
i Homestake ...1.. 55 00 Standard 260
1 Iron Silver 65: Union Con 65
i Mexican SO I Yellow Jacket 25
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— ' > Westlngh Elec 4^
I Call loans 3 <?j4 Ed Elec Tel 200
Time 10an5... :..3%@4% Atch prefd 63%
Stocks— , Bonds —
Atch Top & St Fe. 21% Atchison 4s 100
Amer Sugar ICO 1 Mining Shares —
! Do prefd 115 Allouez Mln C 0.... 10%
Bell Tel 365 Atlantic 32
; Boston & Albany.. Boston & Mont 360
Boston & Maine. ..l 73 . Butte & Boston 88
Boston I. 97 Calumet & Hec1a..730
Chi Bur & Q 344% Centennial 45
Fltchburg 121 Vi Franklin 15%
Federal Steel..'.... 54% Old Dominion 48 i
Do pr«fd 88 Osceola 90 |
Mexican Central.. 1-16 |Qulncy 159
Old Colony.. 202 Tamarack 235
! Union Pan .' 47<4 Wolverine 44%
1 West End 93% Parrott 45%
Do prefd 113 Adventure S3
ASSOCIATED BANKS' STATEMENT.
NEW YORK. March 25.— The Financier says:
The changes In the totals of the New York
bank statement for the current week are
nif-aningless. Judged in the ordinary sense, for
the reason that the totals Include the Astor
National, a new clearing member, and the
Hudson River and Astor Place banks, which,
as branches of the Corn Exchange Bank, are
now cleared through the parent institution.
The new banks carry average deposits of ab-mt
$*.333.000 and loans of over $7,500,000 and the
statement must have been affected by an
amount nearly as large, although the Corn
Exchange totals do not indicate the full change.
Of course, the new banks carry a full reserve,
so that the position of the remaining banks
was nut materially altered, but to get at the
real operations of the clearing house instlui
M',:is It is necessary to deduct at least $6,000,000
both In loans and deposits. On this basis, the
expansion of $5,530,000 In loans, as compared
with the previous week, means that there has
been a slight decrease in the actual discounts
uf the banks whose totals have been hereto
fore reported. The same result holds good In
deposits, for the increase of $3,339,000 does not
equal the addUion of the Astor National's to
tal of $4, 000,000. to say nothing of the deposits
of the other two banks added.
It will be seen, therefore, that the deposit
liabilities of the regular clearing house banks |
were materially reduced last week, as were the
loans. Reserves ought to have shown a cor
responding gain, but the Increase in cash was I
only a third of a million, and as the deposit I
expansion called for about $850, (HX) additional |
requirement, the actual decrease In reserves
w.is $516,750. Perhaps a more accurate way to
get at the position of the banks Is to say thut
thirteen of the sixty-three banks are now be
low the 25 per cent reserve rule, as against
twenty-five for the previous week. A state- I
ment. with factors described eliminated, shows j
that the position of the banks has been rather j
strengthened. The routine operations with the
treasury for the week resulted In a loss of
something like $1,500,000 to the banks, but the
pain from the Interior served In large part to
offset this. The totals have been Influenced
somewhat by the payments made In completing
a large industrial deal.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 25.— The Commercial
Advertiser's I^ondon financial cable says: The
markets here were Idle to-day. Interest was
centered on the university boat race, which
was extensively bulletined in the house.
Americans were firm, closing at the best.
Louisville & Nashville was prominent. Rio
Tlntos were 1 1-16 harder. Other coppers were
neglected.
CLOBINQ.
Canadian Pacific, 58%: Northern Pacific pre
ferred, 80%; Union Pacific preferred, 83%;
Grand Trunk. %%.
Bar Silver dull, 27% d.
Money, 2%ig3 per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. March 25— FLOUR— Receipts,
61,229 barrels; exports, 6392 barrels. Strong and
held 5c to 15c higher.
WHEAT— Receipts. 58,400 bushels; exports,
156,570 bushels. Spot, strong; No. 2 red, 83% c,
f. o. b. afloat to arrive. Options opened a shade
easier and experienced a big advance on cov
ering; closed strong at \%c to l*4c net advance.
March, 81*!if83%c, closed 83% c; May, 74%<3>
77.-, closed 76*; c; July. 7:!%'ff7r.%c > closed 75%e;
| September. 72<jj.74c. closed 73% c.
HOI'S Steady. State to common choice. 1896 i
crop. 6<jj7c; 1897 crop, ll(&13c; 1898 crop, 16<817c; j
Pacific Coast, 1896 crop, 6@7c; 1897 crop, 11<&;13c;
189$ crop, !7ljjlSc.
HIDES— Firm. Galveston. 16%<g!17c; Texas,
dry. 12%(&13c; California. 18% c.
WOOL— Dull. Domestic fleece, 16(8>21c; Texas,
12'<Jl4<\
METALS- The brokers' price for lead Ih $4 20.
and for copper $17 25®17 50. The Metal Ex
change issued no bulletin.
COFFEE — Options closed dull; net unchanged.
Sales 3000 bags. Including April. $4 95; May,
$5 05; June, $5 10; December, $5 65.
Spot coffee— Rio, dull; No. 7 Invoice, 6 11-16 c;
Ni>. 1 Jobbing, 6 &-16 c. Mild, quiet; cordova,
SUGAR— Raw, steady. Fair refining. 3"» c:
centrifugal, 96 test, 4%c; molasses siißar. 3K'-.
mold A. 3 l-16c; standard A, So: confectioners'
Refined, steady; No. 6. 4 7- 16 c; No. 7, 4%c; No.
8. 4 B-16c; No. 9. 4V»c; No. 10, 4%c; No. 11.
4 3-16 c; No. 12. 4%c; No. 13. 4%c; No. 14, 4 l-16c;
i mold A, 8 l-16c; btandanl A, sc; confectioners'
I A. 6c; cutloaf. 5Hc; crushed, l%c; powdered, i
6%c; granulated, 5%c; cubes, Hie
IU TTER— Receipts, 2587 packages; steady, j
Western creamery, 15 ( ?j22c; Elglns, 22c; factory.
12®14%c.
— Receipts, £645 packages: firm. West
ern, 13»4@13%c; Southern, 12%@13V1c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW Tork, March . 25.— California dried
fruits steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— 7@SVic;
prime wire tray, B?i@B%c;-. choice. 9@9&c; fan
cy. #10e.
PRUNES— 4%@9%c per lb, as .to size and
quality. . ■ '. ■■■ . •
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 13@14c; Moorpark, .13%®
17c.
PEACHES— 9@llc; peeled. 25@28c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, March 25.— The feverish excitement
which ruled In wheat at the close yesterday was
Again iJJ evidence to-day, but ftt the start U>«
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 26, 1809.
bulls seemed to waver. Instead of a general
demand for May at 70% c, such as at the close
Friday, there were plenty of sellers at from
6<» T down to 68% C. Before the bulls could get
a word In edgewise the price slid off to 69% c.
The bulls soon found their voices, however.
When the bulls got through with the last bar of
the opening chorus May wheat was up to 70% c.
Much milder weather and a spread of \yet snow
for a larze section of the winter wheat area
was the chief cause of the llrst decline. Re
ports of damage in the Southwest received con
firmation from numerous sources and In many
Instances the extent of injury was reported
sensationally heavy. A London cablegram re
ported this season's Indian wheat crop 7% per
cent smaller than that of last year. Another
cold spell was announced to be elbowing Its
way down from the Northwest. As soon as the
Weather Bureau notice was issued the shouting
for wheat became almost hysterical. The price
of May rose Irregularly to the accompaniment
of heavy trading until 72% c was reached. That
was l%c over yesterday's closing prices. It re
: acted to 70% c and closed at 70%@70%c.
Although Influenced largely by wheat, corn
i embraced a good many Independent features.
i May corn closed He higher.
i The excitement In wheat had little effect In
' oats. May oats closed unchanged.
Provisions showed slight weakness at the
start, but gradually Hrmed up on buying by
commission houses for outside account. May
pork closed "%c higher; May lard 2%©uc higher
and ribs 5c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— . Open. High. Low. Close.
. Wheat No. 2—
May 69% 72% 69% 79%
July 69 . 71% 65% 69%
Corn No. 2—
May 35% 36% 35% 35-4
July 36*4 36% . 36% 36%
September 36% 37% 36% 36%
Oats No. 2 -- ■
May 26% 26% 26% 26%
July 24% 25 24% 24%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
May 9 15 9 25 9 10 9 22%
July 930 9 37 , i 9 22% 035
■ Lard, per 100 pounds —
May ' 5 32% 540 5 32% 540
July 5 47% 555 6 47% 065
September 560 5 65. 560 5G5
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds -
May 4 77% 4 82% 475 4 52%
July 490 495 4 87% 496
September 5 00., 5 07% &00 6 07%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady; winter patents, $3 5003 60;
straights, $3 20@3 30; clears, S3@3 10; spring
patents. $3 20*53 60; spring specials, $4 15;
straights, $2 70®3 10; No. 2 spring wheat, &.K<f
71c; No. 3 spring wheat, 64@70c; No. 2 red. 729
?4%c; No. 2 corn, 35V4c; No. 2 oats, 27%928c;
No. 2. white. 30%>5?31c; No. 3 white. 29%@30c;
No. 2 rye, 53% c; No. 2 barley. 39<§'47c; No. 1
flaxseed. $1 19©1 19%; prime timothy seed, $2 3:,;
mess pork, per barrel, $9 05&9 10; lard, per 100
pounds, $5 30Ca'5 32%; short rib sides, loose, $4 43
ft 4 85; dry salted shoulders, boxed. 4%@4%c;
short clear sides, boxed, $.'<if- r . 10; whisky, dis
tillers' finished goods, per gallon, $1 26; sugar,
cut loaf, 6.83 c; granulated, 5.33 c.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels 13,000 21.000
Wheat, bushels 59.000 3.000
Corn, bushels 93.000 143.090
Oats, bushels 217,000 182,000
Rye bushels 4.000 9,000-
Barley, bushels 28,000 15,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm: creameries, 14'(i21c; dairies,
ll%®lßc. Eggs, easy: fresh, 11%@12c. - Cheese,
steady; creams, 11%912%C. ,
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
■ Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— , Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 217,500 49,800
Duluth
Milwaukee 31.500 1,000
Chicago '.
Toledo 1.899 " . 14.000
St. Louis : 10,000 66.000
Detroit '
Kansas City 12,000 3,500
Totals ■
. Tidewater-
Boston .. 173,574-
New York 58,400 156. |
1 Philadelphia 1.920 ■ 1.006
Baltimore 2.705 16,000
New Orleans "
Galveston 1,752
Totals .."....
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat—' . March. May. ' July.
Opening :. 6*\ .6 4% 64%
Glueing i-
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour — ■'.:'• . March. . May.
Opening '... 43 25 - 43 70
Closing ;.... .'•
Wheat— .
Opening -. 20 SO 21 05
Closing . ..... ■
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. March To-day's state
ment of the condition of the treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $280,918,013; gold re
serve. $242,461,405. ••."
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON*. March 25.— Consols, 110 15-16; sil
vt-r, 27% d; French rentes. 102f 25c; wheat car
goes off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on
passage, quieter, hardly any demand; Indian
shipments of wheat to United Kingdom, 8000;
Indian shipments of wheat to Continent, 25.000.
LIVERPOOL, March 25.— WHEAT - Firm;
wheat in Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, quiet.
CLOSING. '
WHEAT— Futures closed firm; March. 5s
4VI; May. r ,s i%<\; July. 5s 4V*d. Spot No. 1
red Northern spring, 6s.
CORN— Spot, firm; American new, 3s 6d; old,
3? 7%d. Futures, steady; March" 3s 6%d; May,
3s 4»id; July, 3s 4*id.,
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter steady, .s
3d
HOPS— At London (Pacific Coast), firm, £4
] us'u £4 15d.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. March 25.— CATTLE— There were
not enough offered- to-day to make a market
and prices were mostly nominal.
HOGS — There was an active market at steady
prices. Fair to choice grades brought $3 77' a M
3 92%- heavy packing lots, $" r/ifaS 57' i; butch
ers, "$3 6W&3 87%; light, $3 55r03 SU; pigs, $3 20®
SHEEP— The most were consigned direct to
slaughterers and the few that came on the
market brought former prices. Lambs sold at
»3 80(5-4 25 for culls up to $5 60Q6 75 for good
to choice, and sheep were salable at $3 25@5;
yearlings were quoted at $4 "Oft.". 15.
" Receipts— Cattle, 200; hogs, 21,000; sheep, 2000.
EXPORTS AND IMPORTS.
NEW YORK, March 25.— Exports of specie
I from this port to all countries for this week
i aggregated $841,790 silver. $11,350 gold, a total
j of $853,140.
The imports of specie this week were $355,531
gold and $37,306 Fiber.
The imports of dry goods and general mer
chandise at this port for the week were valued
at $11,328,3%.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 25.— COTTON— Quiet;
""new"' ORLEANS. March 25. — COTTON—
Firm; medium, a 11-16.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON. March 25.— The arrivals of wool
for the third series of wool auction sales
I amounted to 125,186 bales, including 35, 000 for
j warded direct.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 84
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 BGVi
Sterling Cables — 4 87
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraph. — » 17%
Fine Silver, per ounce — . 69%
Mexican Dollars — ,48 •
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The feeling was firm as a rule and
futures advanced.' The spot market was un
changed. •
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 07%@l 10; milling,
$1 12%@1 15. • , '••
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
6000 ctls, $115; 24,000. $114. May— 2000, $111;
2000. $1 10%.
Second Session— December— 33,ooo ctls, $1 13%;
2000, $1 13%; 4000. $1 13%; 4000, $1 13 1 -;,. May—
2000, $1 10%; 6000, $1 10%; 26.000. $-1 10V4. I
Regular Morning Session— December— ctls,
$113%; 26,000, $113%. May— $110 V»; 4000,
$1 10Vi-
BARLEY Futures opened firmer, but fell
back. The spot market stood about the same,
with rather more selling.
Feed, $1 20@l 22%: Brewing. $1 25@1 30 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— Seller '99, new
—2000 ctls. 88V»c; 12,000, BSc; COOO, 87% c. Decem
ber—2ooo, 90*ic.
Second Session— Seller '99, new— Booo ctls.
87% c; 2000,- 87% c.
Regular Morning Session— Sailer '99, new—
6000 ctls, 87c: 2000, 86 vie.
OATS— There .is no demand and quotations
remain without change.
Fancy Feed. $1 45 per ctl; good to choice,
$1 40@l *2': .; common. $1 32%@1 37%; Surprise
$145^160; Gray. $1 TSal 40: Milling. $142% per
ctl; Red. $1 iiufcl 55; Black. $1 30151 40.
CORN — Continues dull and unchanged.
Small round Yellow, $1 25; Eastern large
Yellow. $1 10@l 12%; White, $1 10: mixed,
$1 07%@l 10 per ctl; California White, $1 12%
RYE— sl 1001 12% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras, $4; bakers'
extras. $3 85@3 90; Oregon - and Washington.
$3®3 65 per bbl. •  : ?.r
MILLSTUFFS— In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour, $2 75
per 100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 60; extra
cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 60@4 75;
Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy. $3 25@3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, <4@i 23; Cracked Wheat, . |» 78;j
Farina. J4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels). $6 55®6 M; In sacks, $63596 75;
Peurl Barley, $5; Split Peas, ?4 50; Green Peas,
$6 per 100 pounds.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The expected has happened In regard to Hay.
Tho first market since Monday was held ye»-
terday, when the accumulation of five days'
arrivals was offered. There were 100 cars and
10 schooners, making about 1600 tons in all.
Considering the unfavorable conditions the
market held up very well, the decline being
only about 50c@$l on the Upper grades.
Bran is lower and very weak, but Middlings
are in moderate supply and linn.
BRAN— SI7@IS per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI9^22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $26@27 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. 131031 50; Job
bing, $32^32 50; Cocoanut Cake, *24@25; Cot
tonseed Meal. *2Sg3O per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50
@24 50; Cracked Corn, $24(&:20; Mixed Feed,
$19 50620.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat, $16@17 for good
to choice and $14 60@15 50 for lower grades;
Wheat and Oat. $14@16 50: Oat. $13 50JH5 SO;
Island Barley, $12(?/14: Alfalfa, $10 50@ll 50;
Stock, $9<&11: Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon. Nevada, etc.)
—Wheat and Wheat and Oat. 513a14; Cheat.
$11 Do@l3; Grass Hay. $9 504*10 58; Oat. $14®
14 50; Clover, $10 60911 60; Timothy. $11@12 per
ion.
STRAW— per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
The feeling In Beans Is rather steadier, as a
better demand is expected to follow tho clearer
weather. Prices show no change, however.
BEANS— Bayos,' $1 75@1 85; Small Whites.
Klo®2 20; Large 'Whites, $1 80<#l 90; Pinks,
t2 oo®2 15; Reds. $3 2693 35; Blackeye. $3 'Z'a
3 85; Butters, $2 25®2 50; Lima*. $3 50@3 60; Pea,
$2 2692 60; Red Kidneys, $2 s(iCfl: > 60 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 £o®4 75 per ctl;
yellow Mustard. $3 75<ij 4; Flax, $2 15@2 25; Ca
nary Seed. 2V«2*;c per lb; Alfalfa, K@B%c;
Rape, 2Vi@2%c; Hemp, 2%<&3e: Timothy, 5@5%e.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 65@1 70; iGreen. $2®
2 30 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Receipts were 1150 boxes Asparagus, 275 boxes
Rhubarb and .21 sacks Peas." •■
Potatoes and Onions are steady and un
changed. Fresh arrivals from the north will
be on the market to-morrow. .
Peas continued scarce and firm. Rhubarb
was unchanged. Receipts of Asparagus were
heavier and the price declined.
POTATOES— SI 50@l 60 per ctl for Early Rose,
$1 40@l 50 for River Burbanks; Sonoma and
Marin Burbanks, $1409165 per ctl; Oregon.
$12501 CO for seed and $1 6091 S5 for large;
Sweet Potatoes, $2 50 for Merced; New Pota
toes. 3%(7r.>c per lb.
ONlONS— 9oc@sl 25 per ctl, outside quotation
for Oregon. c ' ■
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, $I@l 50 per box
for No. ?. $1 75®2 for No. 1 and 5c per lb
for fancy; Rhubarb. 75e@$l 25 per box; Green
Peas 6@Bc; String Beans, !2%c; Cabbage. 404j
60c: Tomatoes, $2 for Los Angeles; Egg Plant.
12% c per lb; Garlic, S!g9c per lb; Dried Okra,
15c per lb; Dried Peppers, 10c; Green Peppers,
; Carrots, 25@35c per sack; Mushrooms, 10
@15c per lb; Hothouse Cucumbers, $1 25@1 75
per doz. ' '
, POULTRY AND GAME.
There was no Game of any consequence on
the market yesterday The Poultry market was
entirely cleaned up, but a car of Eastern falls
due to-morrow.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 14@16c; . live
Turkeys, 12&13.' for Gobblers and 13@14c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 75W2 25; Goslings, $2 50
93; Ducks, $5 504/7 for old and $7 604(!9 for
young; Hens, $5 30@6 50; young Roosters. $S@9;
old Roosters, $5 50@6; Fryers. .s7@7 50; Broilers.
$6<J?6 50 for large. $4@5 for small; Pigeons, $150
<gl 75 per dozen for old and $2 25@2 50 for
Squabs
GAME— Gray Geese, $3; White Geese. 75c@
$1; Brant. $1 30; Han". $ln 1 26; Rabbits. $1 SO for
Cottontails and $1 for small; English Snipe,
$3 per doz.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
There is no further decline in Butter, but
the market Is very weak and still lower prices
are expected. Cheese has not changed for. a
long time. - " . '
Eggs stand the same, but the feeling is easy.
as increased receipts are expected in conse
quence of the clear weather.
BUTTER— '
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 18S19c; seconds.
lTJilT'io;
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 16S$17c; common
grades, 14<&15c. ■
CHEESE— mild new, Il@ll>4c: old,
10(&10V4c; Cream Cheddar,, 12<gl2V4c; Young
America, Iltt@l2Hc; Eastern, HV4@l4c. .
EGGS— Quoted at 15@16%c per doz.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Several lots of Strawberries came in and
sold at $l<g2 per drawer. Apples and Oranges
were steady and quiet.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— " • < •-
Apples, 75&51 25 for. common. .%l 50@l 75 per
box for No. 1 and $2@2 50 for choice to fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $2 25@3 25
per box; Seedlings, fl@l 75; Mediterranean
Sweets, $1 D04?2; Mandarins, ; Lemons. 75c
®1 £0 for common and $2(82 50 for good to
choice; Mexican Limes, $4 50@5; California
Limes 75c<&U per small box; Grape Fruit, *2
@3; Bananas. ?1 50©2 50 per bunch; Pineap
ples, $2<£|4 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
It Is now pretty -well settled that the stock
of Prunes left in the State Is about 300 cars,
which will probably be all cleaned up by the
time the new crop comes forward. Prices for
all descriptions remain unchanged.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 7c for 40-50' s, 4%
<S>se for 50-60' 4@4V£c for 60-70's, 3>i@3M:C for
70-80' 8 2%<&3c for 80- a, 2^@2%c for 30-100's
and 2c for 100-110"s; Silver Prunes, ;
Peaches, BVi<69Vse for good to choice, 10c for
fancy and for peeled; Apricots, 12H@13c
for Royals and for Moorparks; Evap
orated Apples, BV4<g"9c; sun dried, 5@5%c:
Black Figs, sacks, 2@2%c; Plums, nominal, 2c
for unpttted; Pears, nominal.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown. B%C for four-crown, 4V&@6c for Seed
less- Sultanas, 2%c for Seedless Muscatels
and $1 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes,
2%@3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts.' 7c per lb; Walnut?. R@
9c for hardshell, ll(?12c for softshell; Almonds.
7@Bc for hardshell, 13@14c for softshell, 15@17c
for paper shell; Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern and
4%®6c for California: Cocoanuts, $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, 10@llc for bright and B@9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 7%
@7%c; light amber extracted, 7c; dark, 6@sV£c
per lb.
BEESWAX— per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— 8c per lb for heavy,
B%@9c for light medium. 10V£@Hc for light,
]2c for extra light and 12'/<.WISo- for sugar
cured; Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10H#Ue;
California -Hams. 10c; Mess Beef, $12@12 50 per
bbl; extra Mess Beef, $13 50; Family Beet.
$14 30fi?15; extra prime Pork, $12: extra clear,
$18; mess, $16; Smoked Beef, 10<4@llc per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 5(?*5%c per lb fur
compound and 7>4c for pure: half-barrels,
pure 7%©Be: 10-lb tins, S%c: 5-lb tins, B%c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces, 6%<&6%c; package*,
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb palls. 60 in a case, 9ljc;
S-lb palls, 20 In a case, B%c; 5-lb palls, 12 In
a case. SM-c; 10-lb palls, 6 In a case, B%c;
GO-lb tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 7%c; wooden buck
ets. 20 lbs net, B%c: fancy tubs, 80 lbs net.
7%c; half-barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL. AND HOPS.
All descriptions under this head remain as
previously quoted.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands se'rl
about 1c under the quotations. Heavy Baited
■teers," 10c; medium, 9c; light. SijTSHc; Cow
hides. S%@9c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands,
12c; dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf, \~c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 10@30c each; short
Wool. 35@60c each; medium. 70@90c; long Wool,
90c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 75@2 25
for large and $1 for small; Colts, 25@50c for
email.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, SK<?3%c per lb:
No. 2. 2'4?J'3c; refined, 4%@5c; Grease, 2@2%c.
WOOL— Spring Clips— Southern Mountain, 12
months, 7@9c; San Joaquln and Southern, 7
months. B@9c: Foothill and Northern free, 10
@12c; Foothill and Northern defective, 9@llc;
Humboldt and Mendoclno, 14@15c; Nevada, 10
@12c; Eastern Oregon, 10@12c.
Fall Wools—
Humboldt and Mendoclno 9 fill
Northern Mountain 7 010
Southern - 6 <tf 7%
Plains 6 @7
HOPS— crop, 10©llc per lb for ordinary,
12@12V4 for good and 13@lSc for choice to fancy
from first hands.
GENERAL. MERCHANDISE.
• BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. r.H for June
and July; "Wool Bags, 2C@2Sc; San Quentin
Bags, t* 95. . :*< %?*£?■
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $S; South Held Wellington. $7 DO; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay. $5:. Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch. $8; Cumberland, $8 In bulk' and $9 25
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel, $8 50 per ton: Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
In sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Suj-ar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube. Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 5%c; Powdered, K%c: Candy
Granulated, sV*c; Dry Granulated, 6%c; Con
fectioners' A, 5V4c: California A, 4%c; Magnolia
A. 4%c; Extra C. 4°4c: Golden C, 4%c; half
barrels, %c more than barrels, and boxes, IVic
more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels
or it 3 equivalent. •. ; ■
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
The situation. remains unhanged.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7<£S per Ib.
VEAL— Large, . 6V4@7%c; small, Sc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, B@S^c: Ewes, 8c per lb.
LAMB— Spring. 10®12^c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5%@5V4c for small, 5%c
for medium and 6@5%c for large; stock Hogs
and Feeders, i<Qi)ic; dressed Hogs. .J.SSc. .
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Saturday. March 25.
Flour, qr sks 11,630 Quicksilver, flkß. IR7
Barley, ct!s 555 Wine, gals 44,100
Corn, ctl?, East. 6no Pelts, bdls 71
Butter, ctls 196 Sugar, sks 800
Thepse, ctls 9.", Sugar, tons 390
Tallow, ctls 24.". Hay. tons 3SI
Beans, sks 150, W001, bales 12
Potatoes, sks &S2:Kggs. floz 21,810
Onions, -its 48 leather, rolls lad
Bran, sks r.2«JHldes, no 274
Middlings, sks 1501
OREGON.
Potatoes, sks 233 Wheat, ctls 17,750
Bran, ska 1.003 Hay, tons 2»
Shorts, sks 1,003 Onions, sks 43
Oats, ctls 1.4., i
Thjc b'iOUK MAkKaT.
The Sugar stocks were firm yesterday. Ha
waiian Commercial advanced from S7S 25 to
5-2 kid, and Paauhau sold up to ?39. Sales were
small at the advance, however.
Mining- stocks closed the week quiet, but
at firm prices as a rule.
The San Gac and Electric Com
pany will pay a dividend on April 1.
The Paraiflne Paint Company has declared
a quarterly dividend of 25 cents per share, pay
able Mar.-h 29.
The Overman assessment of 5 cents per share
will be delinquent In the company' s office
to-morrow.
Mining companies paid dividends yesterday
as follows:
Gold Coin, Colorado $10,000
Homestake, South Dakota 63,r>00
Jack Pot. Colorado 25,imio
Modoc, Colorado 10,000
The Jamison Mining Company of Plumas
County has declared Its third semi-annual
dividend, at the rate of 3 cents \>-r share,
amounting to $11,700, payable April 15.
The Head Center Consolidated Mining Com
pany of Tombstone district. Ariz., has levied
an assessment of 20 cents per share, delinquent
May -1.
The National Consolidated Mining Company
of Shasta County has levied an asst-ssment of.
10 cents per share, delinquent May 8.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, March 25—12 m.
Bid.Ask. Bid. Ask.
Bonds— Equit G L Co. 1% 8%
4s quar coup.. — 111% Mutual El Co. 15% —
<s quar reg... — — Oakland Gas.. 4i> 60
Is «iuar new... — 129% Pac Gas Imp. 82% —
3s quar. c0up.,107%108 ■ Pac L Co 47*4 48%
- Miscellaneous— S F G & E.... 82% S3*
Cal-Bt Cab C 5.115 116 San Fran 3% 3^»
Cal Eler- L Cs.l2imZ7% Stockton Gas.. 10 —
C C Wat 5»....105%110 I Insurance—
Dup-st ex c... — — IFlrem's Fund. 22o 225
E L & P 65.. 130 — | Bank Stocks—
F&CI Ry 63.116 — Anglo-Cal .... 63 —
Geary-st X 5». — 98 Hank of Ca1..2:.7'.; —
11 C & S 5%h. — 105 Cal SD '& T.. 98% —
|LAI, Co 6t«.. — — First Nation!. 225
Do gntd 68. .101 101 I.on P & A... 129*4133
Market-st 65. .128 — . Mer Exchange— IS
Do Ist M 55. 115% — Nev Nat 8k...177% —
N C N '1 R 75.107 — ! Savings Banks—
N By Cal 65..113%114% Ger S & L... — 1673
N J<y Cal 65.. — 113 Hum S & L..1000 1160
Nl'Cßßti.- 107 Mutual Say. — 41*4
NPC It X is. 102% — 8 F Say U.. 500 —
N' Cal R It as. loo — 8& L 50.... — 101
Oak Gas 55.... 109 — Security S B 300 CM
,Om C Ry 65.. .128% — Union T Co. .145741470
; P & Cl Ry in.. 108% — Street Ratlroau=—
|P& O6s 117 — California ....112 —
Powell-st 65...— 121% Geary 45 —
Bac El-Ry ss.— — Market-st ...'. 62% 61
8F& N P ss. 112 112% Dak S I. &H. — —
SF & S JVSs.IIS — IPreeldto ' 11 —
SlerraßCal 65.104%105%l Powder—
H I' of Ar 65. .112% — (California ....173 ■ 195
S P.C.6s (1905)113%114Vi|E Dynamite... 99 —
'8 P CCs (19w;>ll.','t — Giant Con Co. 60' i 60? i
I SPC 6s (1912)122% — Vißorit 2% 3
' SPCIs eg 58.105 — Sugar—
SPBr 6s 125 126 liana P C 0.... 17% 17
S V Water 6s.llti^ll7 Haw C&SC. 82 83%
S V Water 45. 103% — 1 Hutch S P Co. 33
S V \V48<3dm).101»4101% Faauhau S P. 39 39%
t-Uktn Gas 65.. 101% — Miscellaneous—
Water Stocks— Al Pac Assn.. — — .
Contra Costa.. 63% 64 Ger \A Wk5...250 —
Marin Co 50 — Mer Ex Assn.. 90 —
Spring Valley.lo2% — Oceanic S Co.. 74* i —
Gas and Electric— Pac A F A.... IS 1%
Capital Gas...— — Pac C Bor C 0.106. 106 —
Cent Gaslight. — — Par Paint Co.. 7% —
Cent L & P... 7% 7% . .
Morning Session. <
Board—
101 Alaska Packers' Association 109 23
10 Alaska Packers' Association :.109 37%
50 Central Light and Power 7 50
200 Contra Costa Water, 9 30 63 50
110 Equitable Ga5.....'.....- 8 00
100 Equitable Gas 7 87%.
CO Hawaiian Commercial. & Sugar 81 00
10 liana Plantation Co 17 87%
75 Mutual Klecfric Light. J3 50
100 Pacific Gas Imp. .'... 82 50
■50 Pac Gas Imp, b 10.. 82 50 ;
225 Paauhau s P C 0..... 39 00
100 S F Gas & Electric Co, a SO : 82 00
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 82 25
20 S F Gas & Electric C 0.... 82 62%
10 B V Water ' ....102 25
2 Union Trust Co 1460 00
60 ViKorit Powder... 2 87%
Street—
30 Cal Safe Deposit 98 50
$2000 S P Branch Ry 6 per cent bonds 125 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
50 Equitable Gas 8 00
800 Equitable Gas 7 87%,
20 Oceanic S S Co 74 75
30 Giant Con C 0... 60 73
100 Pacific Aux 1 30
20 Mutual Electric Light 15 75
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Alta 15 700 Kentuck 12
100 Belcher 45 $00 Kentuok 11
500 Best & Belcher 71 500 Mexican 86
200 Caledonia BO 100 Occidental 30
300 Challenge 48 600 Overman 22
100 Con Cal & V...2 40] 100 Potosi 35
100 Con Cal St V...2 35 200 Savage 34
600 Con Imperial... 03 1 400 Seg Belcher.... 07
1000 Con New York. 03 100 Sierra Nev 140
200 Crown Point... 35 > 700 Union Con 71
100 Gould & Curry. 621 600 Utah 24
100 Gould & Curry. 54| 300 Yellow Jacket.. 38
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
800 Alpha Con 11| 500 Kentuek 12
800 Alpha Con 10- 200 Kentuck 11
500 Alta 16 ; 500 Lady Wash,... 02
500 Alta 15 600 Mexican 84
800 Andes 23 TOO Mexican 83
£.00 Belcher 46 200 Mexican ... S3
800 Best & Belcher 71 430 Ophlr 30
800 Best At Belcher 72 300 Overman 22
1000 Bullion 07 300 Overman 21
700 Caledonia B0 1200 Potos! 35
200 Caledonia 4!) 500 Sec Bplcher 08
r.OO Choi lar 43! 500 Seg Belcher.... 07
300 Con < "til & V...2 S3 300 Sierra N"ev...l 37' i
250 Confidence 120 200 Union Con 70
500 Con Imperial... 03 ! 200 Union Con 69
500 Con Imperial... 02! 600 tan 25
900 Crown Point... 35 300 Utah 23
300 Crown Point... 33 200 Utah 24
600 Crown Point... 34 35 Yellow Jacket.. 40
600 Gould &. Curry. r.'j 500 Yellow Jacket.. 3S
500 Hale & Norcrs. 39 1 500 Yellow Jacket.. 36
CLOSINjO QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, March 25—12 m. ■
Bld.Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha Con 09 10 Justice 24 25
Alta 14 15 Kentuck 11 12
Andes 22 23 Lady Wash — 04
Belcher 45 4G Mexican 83 84
Best & Belcher 69 70 Occidental 30 32
Bullion 06 07jOphir 125 130
Caledonia 48 49 Overman 21 22
Chollar 43 44 1 Potosi 34 35
Challenge Con. 43 43. Savage 34 35
Confidence .....1 10 1 20'Scorplon — 05
Con Cal & V... 30 240 Seg Belcher.... 07 OS
Con Imperial... 02 03 Sierra Nay 1351 40
Crown Point... 33 31 Silver Hill 03 06
Con New York. 02 — Syndicate .. — 08
Eureka Con 40 —'Standard 273 ' —
Exchequer — 04 Union Con 70 71
Gould & Curry. 51 52 1 Utah 23 24
Hale & Norcrs. 33 30 Yellow Jacket.. 35 36
Julia — 051
MINING STOCKS.
Alpha
Alta
Andes
Belcher '•-••
Best & Belcher
.Bullion :
Caledonia
Challenge
Chollar
Con Cal & Va
Confidence ..
Crown Point
Gould & Curry
Hale & Nor crow
Justice
Mexican
Ophir
Overman
Occidental
Potosl
Savage
Standard
Sierra Nevada
Union
Utah ...!
Yellow Jacket
Highest prices of stocks during the week. ;
Name of Stock. M. T. jW.IT.I F. 1 S.
Alpha 10 09 09 09 1 12 10
Aim 14 14 15 14 13 13
Andes 23 20 22 22 23 23
Belcher ' 36 35 37 40 47, 46
Best & Belcher 63 CI 64 64 671 71
.Bullion . 06 06 05 05 07 06
Caledonia 41 42 43 47 50 50
Challenge 42 46 50 50 64 48
Chollar I 421 40 40 42 42 43
Con Cal & Va 2 35 2 25 2 40 2 33 2 33 2 40
Confidence 90 93 1 00|1 03 1301 20
Crown Point 26 25 26 34 38 35
Gould & Curry 49 47 4S 43 49 54
Hale & Norcross 37 37 38 3Si 40 5S
Justice 24 25 25 25 25 24
Mexican S4 80 84 84 S3] 85
Ophlr 130 1 25 1 25 1 25 1 301 30
Overman 14 13 14 15 22 22
Occidental 30 29 30 32 32 30
Potosl 35 33 32 35 37 1 33
Savage 34' 31 32 34 341 35
Standard 2 70 2 7512 7512 75 2 75,2 75
Sierra Nevada 1 35 1 30 l 3511 40 1 35 1 46
Union i 67 63 C6| 70 70 71
Utah ...» ! 25 23 23| 23 24 1 24
Yellow Jacket I 28 1 28 1 35 1 36 r 39; 38'
REAL ESTATE .TRANSACTIONS.
Frederick S. and Thusuelda E. Incram to
John EC. and Charlotte B. Pprtnc, lot on NE
corner of Twenty-fourth and Mission streets,
N !00 by E 60; JIOO.
Grace W. Pike to Nellie B. and Katherjne
G. Pike, lot (in W line of Taylor street, Ho S
of (TFarrell. W 137:6 by S 22:fi; gift.
Francis A. .T., John .T . Mathilda, Mnrgar?t
and Ada Mahon and NeUie Dftwffoo to Helena
Mahon. lot on N llnp of Kills street, 62:6 W of
JHyde, W 2."i by N 57:6; gift.
Catherine E. and E. .T. Turklngton to Aure-
Hu? E. Buckingham, lot on W lino of Twenty
fifth avenue, 125 N of B street, N 35 by W 120;
111.
George H. Ashton to Solomon Geti, lot on
5 line of I street. 67:6 E of Forty-eighth ave
nue. ECOby S ICO: $10. . 'i.,-* ' {
Frances Clara Newlands to Sharon Estate
Company (a corporation), all Interest in follow
ing: 1557 d 4S (21 descriptions), see abstract No.
713, deeds recorded September 30, 1593; also 1600
d SSI, lot on BE line of Minna street, 285:4 S\V
of Second, SE 150, BW 10r:G, >'E 7:6. NW SO.
NE to beginning; also 1636 d 42. lot on S line of
Eddy street. 162:6 W of Jones, W 2:6 by S 77:6:
also lot on E line of Gough street, 120 X of
Turk. N 17:6 by E 137:6: 1631 d 345 (3S descrip
tions), see abstract No. 10S9, deeds recorded De
cember 23, 1894; also refers to deed executed
by Francis G. Newinnds and Fred W. Sharon
(trustees) to Sharon Estate Company; also all
the property owned or claimed by Aharon Es
! tate Company, quitclaim deed: $10.
James R. and Katherine M. Doyle to Jean
P. Cabanot, lot on NE line of Eighth avenue.
200 NW of M street. N\V 23 by NE 100, block
139. Central Park Homestead: $10.
Same to. Bernard Cabanot. lot on NE line of
Eighth avenue, 223 KW of M street. NW 50 by
NE 100. block 139. same; $10.
Same to Antonie Orra. lot on NE line of
Eighth avenue. 275 N\V of M street, NW 25 by
NE 100, same; $10.
Alameda County.
J. W. and Mary .1. Hardman to A. P. Snow,
lot on E line of Chestnut street, 100 N <ti Rail
road avenue-. N 30 by E 100, block 5. lands ad
jacent to Enclnal. Oakland; $10.
Oakland Loan and Investment Company to
F. Joseph Spencer, lots 8 and 9, block F. Daly
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Patrick Hayes to John M. leavens, lot on S
line of West Fifth street. 100 E~"of Chester. E
25 by S 113, being lot 27, block E. Bay View
Homestead. Oakland: $500.
Peter and .Surah M. Thomson to Joseph H.
Simpson, lot on N line of Thirty-sixth street,
68&S W of Telegraph avenue. W 62 by N 150,
being a portion of plat 11, Rancho V. and D.
Peralta,. Oakland; $10.
Same to Charles Baab. lot on N line of
Thirty-sixth street. 778.5 vV of Telegraph ave
nue. W 30 by N 150, being a portion of plat
11, same; $10.
Same to James M. Frame, lot on N line of
TfaTrty-slxth street, 745.5 W of Telegraph ave
nue, W 30 by N 150, being a portion of plat 11,
game; $10.
I* G. {S)le to Michael Degnan, lot on S line
of Twentieth street, where same is Intersect!
by dividing line between lots 5 and 6, block B,
Grove-street Homestead, said point being dis
tant 100 W from \Jtline of Grove street, S 100.15,
\V GO, N 93.35, E^0.65 to beginning, being the
E half of lot 5, tolock B. Grove-street Home
stead Association, Oakland; $1500.
' Builders' Contracts.
Mrs. Mary A. Meslck (owner) with Moore &
Cameron (contractors), architect J. H. Little-
Held; alterations and additions to a 2-story
brick building on NE corner of Kearny and
Pine streets, N 37:6 by E 65; $1398.
Alexander R. Baldwin (owner) with Moore
6 Cameron (contractors), architects Tharp &
Holmes; all work for a 2-story and basement
frame dwelling with brick foundation on NE
corner of Union and Devisadero streets, E 55
by N 137:6. W. A. 470; $3693.
Louis Metzger (owner) with Peacock '&
Butcher (contractors), architect Sylvaln
Schnaittacher; grading, excavation, concrete,
brick and stone work for a 4-story and base- j
ment brick building on SW corner of First and j
Jessie streets, S 76 by \V 155; $19,300.
William Wolf (owner) agrees with Charles |
and Harry Bush to erect buildings, architect 1
Philip Schwerdt; to do all work for a double '
3-story attic and basement frame building (six
flats) on N line of Ellis street, 62:6 W of Frank
lin, W CO N 137:6, E 25, S 50, E 25. S 87:6. W. !
A. 132; $25,000. . ____ :
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographle
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and saiU I
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest [
Information can always be obtained regarding ;
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted !
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at j
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re- |
celved each day from the United States Naval i
Observatory. Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped j
on time or giving the error, If any. Is published i
In the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUGHES,,
lieutenant. T7. S. N.. in charge.
BUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Height* of High and Low
Water* »t Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low ' waters occur at
the city front (Mission street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
BUNDAT, MARCH 26.
rises 6:03
sets '. 6:37
i sets 5:17 a. m.
O Time Time
» -.Ft.
-» L W H W
26 ... 4:46 1.0 11:10
27 ... 6:23 0.6 11:54
28 ... 6:02 0.2 12:41
]H W L Wl
29 ... 0:11 5.7 6:49'
30 ... 0:45 5.7 7:36
31 ... 1:26 6.8 8:83
1 ... 2:16 ! 5.6 9:34
4.9 4:47 1.3] 11:15 5.5
4.9 5:20! 1.81 11:41 a. 6
4.8 5:55 l.»|
| H Wl IL W
0.0, 1:311 4.71 6:341 2.2
I 0.2 2:30 4.51 7:16 2.6
[ —0.2 3:39] 4.3 8:10 2.3
—0.2 4:50 4.3| 9:141 3.1
4.1
4.!
4.!
0.1
0.1
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except where there are but
three. tides, as sometimes occur.. The heights
given are additions to_the soundings on the
Vnited States Coast survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the m»an of the lower low waters.
TIMK HALL.
Branch Hydrographtc Office. U. S. N'.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
March 24. 1898.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped nt exactly nnon to-day —
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGHES,,
T,teutrnant. I. S. N.. in charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
f 1 ;
Ettrlckdale China and Japan Mar. 26
Aloha (Point Arena Mar. 26
Chllkat Humboldt Mar. 26
State of Ca1.... Portland I Mar. 26
North Fork Humboldt Mar. 26
Washtenaw Tacoma Mar. 20
Alliance | Portland I Mar. 27
Coqullle River. |Grays Harbor .' I Mar. 27
Coos Bay 'Newport IMar. 27
Willamette Seattle IMar. 28
Wyefield INanalmo Mar. 23
Australia....... Honolulu Mar. IS
Umatilla Victoria & Puget Sound I Mar. 2*l
Pomona IHumboldt Mar. 28
Fulton I Portland IMar. 39
Curacao (Mexico Mar. 29
Corona [San Diego IMar. 29
City of Sydney. I Panama 'Mar. 29
A. Blanchard... lCoos Bay Mar. 30
Luella (Tillamook Mar. 30
Signal Grays Harbor Mar. 30
Mackinaw ITacoma I Mar. 30
Point Arena (Point Arena IMar. 30
Areata |Coos Bay..: Mar. 30
Newburg IGrays Harbor Mar. 31
Wellington (Departure Bay |Mar. 31
Columbia 'Portland IMar. 31
Orizaba INewport [Mar. 31
Crescent City... Crescent City iApl. l
Townsend CoqnlUe River lApl. 1
Nippon Maru..lChlna and Japan Apl. 1
Queen 'Victoria & Puget Sound Apl." 2
Santa Rosa San Diego Apl. 2
Weeott ....ICoos Bay lAffl. 4
STEAMERS. TO SAIL.
t.-°eott Yaqulna Bay. Mar. 27. spm Pier 13
hilkat ....Humboldt Mar. 27. 2 pm|Pier 13
.alia Wall Vie _ Pgt Sd. Mar. 27. 10 am Pier 9
anta Rosa San Diego.... 'Mar. 27. 11 am Pier 11
olon (Panama Mar. 28, 12 -_IPM__
oos Bay... INewport | Mar. 29, 9 ampler 11
tate Portland Mar. 28, 10 am Pier 24
dona Point Arena.. Mar. 29. 3 pmlPler 2
omona Humboldt Mar. "0, 2 pmlPler 9
orona San Diego..... Mar. 31. 11 am|Pler 11
matllla .. Vie A Pgt Sd. Apt. 1,10 amlPler 9
't. Arena.. Point Arena.. lApl.I Apl. 1, 3 pmlPler - 2
.rcata Coos Bay [Apt. 1, 4 pmlPler 13
rlzaba — Newport Apt 2, 9 an. Pier 11
olumbla .. Portland lApl. 3. 10 amlPler 24
SHIPPING" INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, March 25.
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre. 92 hours from De
parture Bay.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, 62 • hours from
San Diego and way ports.
Hr ship Marlborouch Hill, Land, 138 days
from Liverpool.
Br ship Lancmgr, Chapman, 8 days from De
parture Bay. ■.'■;: -..,
Br ship King George, Burnett, 152 days from
Antwerp.  -.: .
Ship Spartan, Polite, 12 days from Seattle.
Bark Annie Johnson, 16 days from Hllo.
Bark Sonoma, • Mattaon, 95 days from New
castle. Australia.
Bktn Tropic- Bird, Jackson, 31 days from Ta
hiti. - • ■
Schr Llllebonne, Hansen, 6 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, 17 days from
Bowens Landing.
Schr Parkersburg, Jorgenson, 13 days from
Coqullle River.
Schr Orient, Sanders, 13 days from Port Lud
low.
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen, 3 days from
Blhlers Point.
Schr Mary E Russ, Wtkender, 9 days from
Grays Harbor
Schr Seven Sisters, Rasmussen. 5 days from
CoquiUe River.
Srhr Emma Claudina, Nielsen, 21 days from
Hana.
Schr H C Wright. Olsen, 15% days from Ka
hului.
Schr Lena Sweasey, Topfer, 12 days from
Tacoma.
Schr North Bend, . Palmgren, 8 days from
Columbia River.
Schr Western Home, Nillson, 6 days from
Coos Bay.
Schr Ocean Spray, Nyman, 5 days from Point
Arena.
Schr Maxim, Olsen, 4 days from Caspar.
Schr Sparrow, Dart, 7 days from Eureka.
Schr Bella, Smith, 5 days from Suislaw River.
CLEARED.
, V.| ; •;> ■ Saturday, March 25.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr George W Elder, Hlnkle. Astoria; Ore
gon Railroad and Navigation . Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego;
Gocdall, Perkins & Co.
Srmr China, Seabury, Yokohama and Hong
kong, via Honolulu; Pacific Mail Steamship
Company.
Whaling stmr Grampus, Leavitt, whaling;
Pacific Steam , Whaling Co.
Ship Centennial. Christiansen, Cooks Inlet;
Alaska Packers' Association.
Ship Lucile, Anderson, Vladivostok; Ma
condray & Co.
Chil ship Temuco, Svensen, Victoria; W R
Grace & Co.
Ship S P Hitchcock. Gates, HIlo; J D Sprecls
els £ Bros Co.
Blttn S G Wilder, Jackson. Honolulu; Wil
liams, Dimond ft Co.
Bark Martha Davis, Frits, Honolulu; Welch
& Co.
Schr Kodiak, Thomas, Orca; Alaska Com'
mercial Co.
sailed.
Saturday, March 25.
Stmr Orizaba, Hall, San Pedro.
Stmr china. Seabury. Honolulu, Yokohama
and Hongkong.
Stmr Scotia. Lundauist.
Stmr George La mis. Badger, Ventura.
Bark Amy Turner. Warland. Hllo.
Bark Ceylon, Wilier, Honolulu.
CHARTERS.
The Repeat loads lumber at Port B!akMey for
Honolulu; Star of France, lumber at Chemalnu*
for Melbourne or Adelaide, 52a 6d..
SPOKEN.
March 3, lat 2. long 30 W— Br ship City of
Athens, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
March 22, lat 49 N. long 10 W— Br ship Knight
Commander, from Queenstown.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed March 24— Schr
Bender Brother?, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— SaiIed March Stmr Chllkat, for
San Francisco.
FORT ROSS— Arrived March 25— Schr Ida A.
SEATTLE— SaiIed March 25— Br stmr Garone,
for Honolulu; stmr Dora, for Juneau; stmr
Jeanie. for Nuchigak; stmr Golden Gate, for
Hunters Hay.
NEAR Passed March Stmr Willa
mette, from Nanaimo, for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed March 25— Schr Jas
H Bruce, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior March 25— Ship
Henry Failing, from Tacoma.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived March 25— Br bark
Lord Kinnaird, from Oregon.
FALMOUTH— Arrived March 25— Br ship
Glonehan. from Tacoma.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Arrived March 24— Bark
Carrollton, from Port Adelaide, to load for San
Francisco.
M AZATLAN— SaiIed March 23— Stmr City of
Sydney, for San Francisco.
BUENOS AYRES — Arrived March 2o —
Dutch bark Pax. from Fort Gamble.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
|^ Steamers leave Broadway
Wl^^ wharf. Pan Francisco:
BSffraSfe. ■ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
! IKPg^fe^^ Mar. 12, 17 22. 27; Apr. 1;
' WiKHI change at Seattle.
! IhUSSwUI For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
l*Bair*SS«P«i C). Port Townsend. Seattle.
/■vQ^ifiH Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
* 1 and New Whatcom (Wash),
"• 10 a. m.. Mar. 12. 17. 22.
27; Apr. L- and every fifth day thereafter;
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N.
P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. Mar.
10, 15, 20, 26, 30; Apr. 4, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cmz. Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (Pan Luis Obispo),
1 Gaviota, Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme,
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. Mar. 9. 13. 17. 21. 25, 29; Apr.
2, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obtspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m.. Mar. 11. 15. 19. 23. 27. 31; Apr. 4. and every
fourth day thereafter.
Fop Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
an.l Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., seventh of each
month. :/ , ...
For further Information obtain folder.
The company' reserves the right to cSmiw
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sallinsr.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. &N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC *1 2 First Class Including Berth i
rAnr .1,8 Second Cla»« and Meals.
Columbia sails March 14. 24; April 3, 11. 21.
State of California sails March 19, 29; April
8 10 28.
'short line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butts.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
K. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALIi, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendent.
For
Golovin Bay,
Port Clarence,
. Kotzebue Sound,
Connecting at Kubuck River with the steams*
JOHN REILLY.
BARK ALASKA,
B. COGAN, Master.
Will Sail on or About May 1.
For freight or passage apply to
B. COGAN, 44 East st.
TOYO KISEN KAMA.
Steamers will leave WHARF, cor-
'^ ncr First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. '
NIPPON MARU Wednesday. April 18
AMERICA MARU Saturday, May <
HONGKONG MART: Thursday,. June 1
Round trie tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and' passage apply at company's office;
421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS, General Agent. .
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PARIS.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul.... February 22|St. Paul March 15
St. Louis March list. Louis March 22
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Kensington Feb'y 15 Southwark March ?
Noordland Feb'y 22 Westernland.. March 15
Friesland March 1 Kensington. ...March 22
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle, St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St., or any of Its agencies.
H SSH _-. — -^ at 2 p. m.
PwMsii The S. -S. Australia
ICnHIr Falls for Honolulu
[■ t ■«■■■• Wednesday. April 6.
■ at 2 p. m.
(Ls^7^\ S. s - Mariposa
SHMniShinc) sails via Honolulu
JSgg&Jf CyiKllljlliy"'' ana Auckland for
v-Sai" 3^ (5(TIB3I?£I~ Sydney Wednesday.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa, New Zealand, Australia, India, Suez.
England, etc.; $610 first class.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts.. 114 Montgometf
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office, 327 Market St
1 ■
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TBANSATLANTIQUE. *
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m *JSiSSaE
from Pier 42. North River, foot of ,"™"™
Morton st. LA NORMANDIE. April 1. LA
CHAMPGNE. April 8; LA BRBJAOMJ. April
15: LA TOURAINE. April 22: LA GASCOGNE.
i April 29. First-class to Havre. %bo and up-
ward. 6 per cent reduction an round trip. Sec-
ond class to Havre. $45. 10 per cent reduction
round trir> GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UN?TED ri AND CANADA 3 Bowling
Green. New York. J. F. FI.GAZI & CO.. Pa-
clflc Coast Ague's Montgomery aye.. S. F.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello." .
Mon Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat., at 9:45 a.
m 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs, night); Fridays
lnm. and 8:30: Sundays 10:30 a. m., 8 p. m.
Landing and office. Mlssion-st. Dock, Pier No.
2 Telephone Main IKS.
FARE : 6MBOYS` AND GIRLS` PAGE
CLARIBEL'S JOURNEY
INTO PICTURE LAND
IT ALL happened on her birthday.
Claribel sat on a green, sunny
knoll. Bhe wasn't doing anything
in particular, just enjoying the
sunshine. After a while Claribel
grew drowsy, and was Just thinking
about taking a nap. when some one
spoke her name close to her.
Claribel was wide awake in an ln-
Btant. Right beside her stood a little
birthday card. He had a head, feet
and hands, to be sure, but otherwise
you would have surely thought he was
one of the pretty cards you buy for
your best chums.
The man was about eight inches tall
and he had a merry, happy look In his
face, as though he expected to have a
good time.
"Claribel," he said again. "Yes. sir."
she answered at last.
"Would you like to go home with
me?" he asked.
"Oh, my!" she exclaimed. "I would
like It so much."
"Well, come, then; we will start, as It
is getting late."
The little man clapped his hands and
& little buggy appeared. It was dec
orated w, flowers, laces, rib
bons, etc., mad was drawn by six black
beet 1 - 3 *".
They both got in the buggy and
Clarib<-i was surprised to see that she
was as small as the little man and as
light as thistle-down.
The buggy skimmed over the fields
and soon stopped at a solitary oak tree.
Then Clal-ibel and the little, man
jumped out and he produced a small
key. from his pocket and applied It to
hat looked like a tiny knot hole in
the tree. What was Clarity's surprise
■when she found this to be the lock of
a tiny door.
They passed into a lons narrow path
that was softly lighted by beautiful
lamps.
After a short walk, without meetine
any one, they turned a corner and
what a picture met their sight.
Before t-h>-m stood a grand fairy pal
ace of what seemed to be gold anu
us stones, hut ap they drew in-nr
er Claribel thought it looked like beau
tiful paptT.
In front of the palace, Instead of a
real garden, violets, forget-me-nots,
roses, pansles and all sorts of flowers
were painted on paper, and the grass on
green paper. ; Everything looked as
natural as life, but even the trees were
paper.
Inside they heard the sound of music
and laughter, and Claribel and the man
went into the wide hall.
Then they climbed a lovely winding
staircase, and were immediately shown
Into a room where the company had
assembled.
On a platform at one end of the
ror.m sat the King and Queen- of Pic
tureland. Th*»y sat In beautiful oaner
chairs and ha-1 paper crowns on their
heads, but the paper looked like cold.
All of the people were eleerantlv
dr^asf-d in lace paper, beautiful flowers
scattered on this, and verses and
hearts at whirh tiny Cupids aimed their
Arrows. The King's and the Queen's
coFtumps were the nicest of. all.
Claribel was cordially welcomed by
the King and Queen, who invited her
to sit flown near them. Soon a bell
rang afid the company went in cou
ples to the dining-room, where a fine
JACK'S APRIL FOOL DAY FISH I NO.
JACK and his uncle were fishing in
a boat near Nantucket without a
pole, but with a long, strong line
baited at the end. The uncle sat
on one side of the boat, with his
back to Jack, pulling in the line, and
Jack sat on the other- side letting.
line down into the water again. How
long this line Is, Jack," said his uncle,
without looking around.
i»ck had played a joke on his Uncle
Hit'-r He had taken the hooka off and
tied the two ends of the line together,
and it kept going round and round into
the water on one side and out of it on
"Why I never saw such a long line,"
said his uncle again, as he kept on
P JJanc n saiJTnothing. but pushed it over
his side as fast as he could. ■_
"I can't imagine where, the hooks
are," exclaimed his uncle, 100-king down
'"The^Jack 1 picked up a small square
HER BRAVE DORA.
BY P. O. STANFORD.
ONCE upon a time there was a lit
tle g??l"nd her mother. They
were very poor and had hardly
anyfhing to eat. This little girl's
name was Dora. . She was very
good to her mother; and tried to help
her all he could. . mother
. One day she said to- he- -S,2nd
"Mamma. I want to g°^o]th fair nn '
Bee if I can't get somct hlnff to se.l and.
make a little money, so that b> ■tte time
the. fair is over we will have ' enough
money to buy a new dress foi you
So her mother let her f?c-, J- ■"«
washed Her face and Hands and put on
the best dress she had. Rhc locked verj
neat and clean, and she .wont up to me
man "who had a-enndy counter an saiu:
. -'Please, may I help you sell the can
dy, because I want' to make a little
feast waa spread- The King and Queen
sat at one end of the long table, and
Claribel and her valentine man at the
other.
It would be hard to tell all they had
that night to eat. Everything was
made of paper — oranges, nuts, candy,
oake and Ice cream — but Claribel
thought that they tasted better than
anything she had ever eaten.
When nearly everything had been
eaten, the King and the Queen and all
the people arose and went back to the
other room.
Claribel noticed that all of the ser-.
vants were comic valentines, and that
none of these were among the guests.
So you see that they are considered
low In the Picture Kingdom.
After awhile the music recommenced
and every erne began dancing. Clari
bel's little man asked her to dance, so
Bhe danced with him and others until
she was tired.
Her partner told Claribel that she
had better go home or her mother
would be anxious. So they said "Good
by" to all the picture people and went
out through the garden and to the
door in the tree. Before they went out
the little man told Claribel that people
often found them in the fields, cut off
their heads, arms and feet and sold
th^m for birthday cards. Then Clari
bel was very sorry.
Th< y then went out of the tree Into
the eotrf air. The beetle team was wait
ing and they fcot in at once. In a few
minutes they were back on the knoll
''laribel had been.
The little man paid, "Now I must go,
Claribel, but if I am alive I will come
next year, so you can be here
then."
"All right," she answered. "Good-
by."
"Good-by," and he Jumped into the
buggy and was whisked out of sight.
ribel half thought she would fol
low him, but Just then hpr mother
called "Claribel, where are you?"
"Here, mamma," she answered,
springing up and rubbing her eyes. The
sun was just setting and she hurried
to the house.
Claribel told her mother all about her
strange visit, but her mother only
laughed and said, "You must have had
a good sleep."
That evening when her father came
home he called Claribel and said, "Look
what I got at the postofflce for you,
dear."
It was a birthday card. As Claribel
drew it out of the envelope she aimost
screamed, for there was her. little man,
without head, hands or feet. She re
membered the verse and the flowers
(forget-me-nots) and the colors— pink
and blue.
Some one must have caught the little
man when he was going home.
Claribel felt very sad about it, and
that night She told the birthday card
F he would take good care of him al
ways: so she kept him in a pretty glass
case on her bureau, and often she would
go and talk to him.
Her mother laughed and said she was
Filly to mind about a dream, but Clari
bel believed for a long time that it was
not a dream. She knows now that it
was all a dream, but she still has her
birthday card. BANFILU
Brentwood, Cal.
of board and wrote on It with chalk.
})•■ tied it to the line and let It drop
into the water. By and by it came up
with the line on the other side.
"Hullo! What's this?" cried Uncle
Petet;
"A piece c/f board, turn It over," saia
Jack.
His uncle turned It over and saw
"April fool" written on the other side
in chalk. Then he looked around and
saw what Jack had been doing with
the line and he began laughing, and
Jack laughed, too.
"So this is the way you have fooled
your uncle?" he said.
Tr was the Ist of April and Jack's
uncle had promised him half a dollar
that morning if he could April fo-ol him.
Then they untied the line and put on
th~ hooka again and caughtagood mess
of Bah, although Uncle 'Peter said he
wondered the fish hnd not been all tired
out waiting for the bait on that line.
ROSEMARY SHIELDS.
money so that mamma can have a new
dress?"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 26, 1899.
THE DONKEY
THAT BRAYED
HARRY had been at school about
a week when Sam Slickens, who
lat next him, offered to sell him
his donkey for only a dollar.
Harry thought this was too good
a chance to be missed, so said he would
buy it with the money he was savins
for Christmas and then surprise the
family.
On Saturday Sam brought the don
key and tied him to a tree in the stable
yard. As he was going off with his
dollar Harry asked him the donkey's
name.
"We call him Donk for short," an
swered Bam.
"I think I'll rail him Prince when I
know him better," said Harry.
"Perhaps you'll call him Bray when
you know him better." With this Sam
darted off whistling for Joy.
Wondering over this, Harry ran to
call out the family. They came, and
were more than surprised. His father
took one good look, shook his head
gravely, and with never a word went
back to the house. His mother feared
the creature was too frisky. His elder
brother, Edgar, wanted to know how
much he had been paid to take him.
But Harry kept cheerful, for he was
sure they would find out this was a
pretty good donkey in spite of his name.
At 3 o'clock the next morning: the
donkey .burst into a bray that aroused
the whole neighborhood, and went on
as if he did not know how- to stop. But
at last he did.
"Harry, what kind of a beast is that
you have brought in the family?" called
his father fro-m the next room.
"I don't know," mourned Harry. "I
Cuddle Door
The bairnies cuddle doon at nicht,
WV mirth that's dear to ?ne.
But sune the big warl's cark an' care
Will quaten doon their glee.
Yet come what will tae ilka one
May He who sits aboon
Aye whisper, though their pows be bauld,
"0 bairnies , cuddle doon."
The man was so pleased at Dora's
Jittle speech that he said, "Yes."
All the people came to buy from Dora.
By the time the fair was over she had
$1 55. When she reached home her
mamma was much pleased, and gave
her enough to buy her a doll. Dora was
pleased, and thought her mamma very
kind. So the little girl got the doll and
her mamma got a new dress.
FUZZLE CUESSERS.
A WORD with our young corre
spondents. So many letters con
talning answers to puzzles have
been received that there would
not be room for them all in
forty pages. This is to express thanks
for .the Interest shown by you all. Irwin
Bare had bad luck when his puzzle was
published — because of a misprint. Jon
appeared as Jou, and that took the
name of Jones from the list of twenty.
Did that discourage Cecil Heans of
Berkeley? Not at all! Sh<> made the
twelfth name "Allen," and so counted
out twenty. With the name of Jones
added she had twenty-one names, and
so is the champion up to date.
E. Gladys Coffin wrote from Dutch
Flat In reference to the four animals
guess he must have the stomach-ache.
He ate an awful pile of hay."
Here Edgar was heard laughing and
chuckling in his room. So Harry felt
like making for him.
Exactly at 3 o'clock the following
morning Donk took to braying again.
It was "uch-aw, uch-aw, uch-aw," un
til he Beemed to choke. Every one but
Harry hoped he was dead. But he was
not.
After school that day Harry went to
play with Fred Barton, who lived at
the corner. But very soon they got on
the fence to watch the tennis players
in the court that spread from Fred's
yard to the next street.
"WTiy, there goes Donk!" all at once
cried Harry- "He has broken away!"
And Donk it was, hurrying along,
flinging out his heels for gladness.
When he came to the corner he turned
and then slowed down, with his eyes
fixed on a horse and cart tied to a tree
on the grassy space to the right of the
court. A little child named Alfred sat
in the cart watching. the game. The
horse was old and sleepy-looking.
As Harry tells it, Donk stopped to
think a moment and then crept on tip
toe through the gate and up to the
horse. Mrs. Barton says it is true, as
she saw it from her window. She also
says Donk actually put his mouth to
the horse's ear before he struck off in
the worst bray of all. Then, as the
poor horse turned to dash away, Donk
flung himself proudly toward the gate.
The tennis players caught the horse
just after little Alfred had fallen across
the axle. He was picked out, badly
scared, and afterward told his mother
he was dragged two miles before the
horse was stopped.
That night Harry's father gave the
donkey to some gardeners who lived
away off near th>' marsh, and who said
they did not mind brays.
ELSA HUGO,
— Alexander Anderson.
and one tree. Not to be balked by dif
ficulties she found that the links of
sausages (grround hag) represented a
lynx. The grizzly old man (grizzly)
she met brnvely and decided that he
represented a hnre! A natural guess In
each case. Both guesses were clever.
The answers to the San Francfsco
street puzzles of last week are as fol
lows: (1) Jackson, (2) Taylor, (3)
Pierce, (4) Steuart, (5) Post, (6) Chest
nut, (7) Geary. To-day the puzzle
pictures represent birds common to all
the Pacific Coast States and Territories.
Here are some of the young guessers
who answered all the street puzzles
without a mistake: Gertrude Donohue,
724 8 (irf^n Btreet; Alice- Donnelly, 11
Perry street; Milton S. Silverstone, 112
Lyon street; Ernest Ryder, 1627 Hayes
street; Floyd Walker, 1631 Hayes
street. James S. Greer, 4120 Twenty
fourth street, ingeniously flg-ured out
Ppear street for Pierce. The truth Is
that one answer would fit as well as the
other, nnd James will make Bronstrup
think hard— that his puzzles may be
solved only in one way. Bdna Ralph
of Alvarado must be counted among
those who guessed right.
Claudle Lombard of 1028 Second aye
PAPA'S SHARE
OF THE CANDY
THERE was a bag of candy in the
house and "Little Mister," aged
three years, found it. There was
too much of sweets for him to
Bafely eat and so he was coaxed
to divide his treasures — his by right of
dlacovery — with three larger children.
Then there was too much for "'Little
Mister's" share for his health and he
was coaxed to "save the biggest piece
for papa."
After awhile "Little Mister" had
eaten his candy all up. Down "red
lane" it had pleasantly traveled and
his face plainly said "more, please."
But there was no more — only papa's
share. "Little Mister" was on honor.
He had the share of papa in his keep
ing. Presently he began to creep be
hind a chair. When he came out there
was something in his mouth:
Several pairs of eyes looked at "Littla
Mister." He alone spoke:
"Desg too much canny; make poor
papa sick," he said, holding the candy,
which he had rolled up after nibbling
it behind his back in both chubby little
hands.
"And so you thought you would eat
a little to keep papa from being sick?"
"Dcs, mamma."
The smiles that met this sort of rea
soning seemed to please "Little Mis
ter," who, after a time, was again miss
ing. He wasn't behind the big chair,
nor hiding under the piano, nor was
he playing "choo-choo train" with a
rusty locomotive three Inches long in
the hall.
"Little boy!"
No answer.
"Little boy!"
Again no answer.
"Mamma has lost her little boy. If
she should hear a little squeak Bhe
might find him."
Was there ever a child who could
give up a chance to play hide-and-go
seek? If so "Little Mister" was not
that one. From a distant corner of the
room, where he was hiding in a jungle,
back of the sofa, came out a faint
"queek."
Queek! And now the hunt for this
untamed little burrower was on. As the
hunter follows the sound of his game
so mamma hunted down "Little Mis
ter," and drew him forth, kicking and.
struggling, but bubbling over with
laugh, by one tiny little black shoe.
"Where's the candy, little Mister?"
"Let's pa (play) hide some more,
mamma!"
"Tea, but where is the candy? Have
you losv it?"
"No, mamma."
"Whf-re is it?"
Little Mister lies flat on his stomach
upon the floor and once more works his
way into the Jungle, where he remains
some time, v hHe the specta:>-s wait
patiently. When he comes our he liol.lb
in one hand the "very tiniest little bit of
c:in<'> .
""What have you in your hand, Little
Mister?"
"Papa's canny."
"Does it taste good?"
"Dcs, mamma."
"What are you going to do with that
little piece?"
"Papa don't like dis kind canny,
mamma. No!" (Expression of great
disgust on the little face at the idea of
eating that kind of candy.)
'What will papa say when he comes
home?"
"He say tank 00, darling child."
Did the double phare of candy make
up for the medicine that followed it
"down red lane?" Little Mister had it
all.
**»«<*■s <?> m&*&&0& a *m&<s c^ch-o^
nue. East Oakland, made out No. 3 of
the streets to be Spear instead of
Pierce, which is another pointer. Spear
must count as correct, and so Claudie
has really made no mistake, for his
other answers are all right. Claudie is
one of the youngest puzzlers, aged only
10. A. Partington, 1721 Eddy street,
found that No. 3 was "either Spear or
Pierce"; Philip Zlpp of Grass Valley
and William Walker of 941 Campbell
street, Oakland, were sure that No 3
was Pierce. There were many other
successful guessers, but their answers
came late. Early answers are best.
Mabel Nutting of this city, Ray
Koopman of Vallejo and Ruth Heans
of Berkeley sent in correct answers just
In time to have them acknowledged.
■vVill the authoress of "Foxey's Story"
kindly send her address? The story will
be published, but cannot be credited with
out the postofflce address.
Dear Editor: This is my first letter and
I hope that you will publish it. I waa go
ing to write to you last week but I for
got it lam 8 years old and lam in the
Third grade. My teacher's name is Mrs.
Stockwell. I like my teacher. My sister
chiriotte is 15 years old. She is in the
seventh grade. My brother Herbert is 3
years old. My father is taking The Call
and I save the Boys' and Girls' page. I
have saved it from the first of this year.
I have a little dog named Dewey. Your
friend, EDNA L. KAUFFUNG.
Cloverdale, Cal.
Dear Editor: I am a little girl 12 years
and go to school and am in the fifth
grade. Mr. C. Runkle is our teacher.
There is no school this week on account
of measles. My papa takes The Call and
I like the Boys' and Girls' page and I like
to study the puzzles. I hope you will
print this mv first letter to The Call. Let
me know if I got the right answer, and if
so I will write again. Yours truly
E. GLADYS COFFIN.
Dutch Flat, Cal.
UNCLE BEN'S STORY
OF FUN IN SCHOOL
I WILL, never forget," said Uncle
Ben, "one funny half hour when I
was a school boy. The principal was
fond of music and fond of showing
off his pupils. At the end of the
term he'd have all the children gather
in one big room and sing and speak
pieces, and then he would give out
prizes. All the people i n the district
came. My sister Rose was a fine organ
player. She was there this day and she
had a fine organ piecn to play and sing.
It was -Behold the Flower.'
"Before school opened Ned Cart
wright and I were at work in the exhi
bition room .tacking up wreaths and
streamers of red, white and blue. I
noticed that Ned chuckled several times
while we were at work, but I did not
think much about it. I was only
anxious for the exercises to begin, for
I was proud of sister Rose's music.
"Every one was there when school
took in. The principal, proud as a
peacock, had on his best clothes and
his exhibition day smile and manners
and his shoes were as shiny as looking
glasses. Every one coughed and said
'hem,' and the principal rang a bell and
we all came marching in, two by two,
to take our placos. I had a place near
the organ. In fact, I had to pump the
bellows to kfpp the pipes full of wind.
" 'We will begin the exercises,' said
the principal gaily, 'with the song "Be
hold the Flower," by Miss Rnse, who
will accompany the song with music on
the pipp organ.'
"There was some applause as Rose
took her seat. T slid anmnd back of the
organ and . gently pumped the oreran
bellows full. Rose played a few chords
and then began to sing 'Behold th<>
Flower. 1
"Suddenly I heard some one snicker.
Then there was a titter, and another
and another, and then some one
laughed. Directly all the visitors were
laughing the hardest possible. I dropped
the organ bellows handle, for Rose had
stopped playing and singing and was
In these energetic go-ahead days we
are continually hearing: of some new and
curious way of making money, but the
following method is, perhaps, as ingenious
as any previously devised: A little hoy
entered a surgery the other day when
the village doctor was in attendance, and.
THE
HARPER
Like a drift of faded blossoms
Caught in a slanting rain,
His fingers glimpsed down the strings
of his harp
In a tremulous refrain.
Patter and tinkle, and drip, and drip!
Ah ! but the clwrds were rainy sweet!
And I closed my eyes and I bit my lip,
' As he played there in the street.
Patter, and drip, and tinkle !
And there was the little bed
In the corner of the garret,
And the rafters overhead I
And there was the, little window —
Tinkle, and drip, and drip I
The rain above, and a mother's love,
And God's companionship.
— James Whitcomb Riley*
sobbing on the organ seat.
"No marvel. Her new blue silk drees
wae covered with some white substance
and her face was plastered with white.
What did It all mean? I ran to Rose
and aaked her If she was hurt. The
people were still laughing and the prin
cipal was raging like a lion.
'• 'Who put the flour in the organ?' h»
shouted. 'Ben, you were here before
Bchool — did you do it?'
" 'No, sir.'
" 'Who was here with you?'
"I now knew what Ned Cartwright
had been chuckling about. 'Behold the
Flower! '—so read the programme. Be
hold! Flour had been put in the organ
tubes by Ned, and when I pumped the
wind into the organ the flour all blew
out. The school district committee who
sat in the front row were all white. I
looked at them and then joined every
one there, excepting sister Rose and the
district committee— they all looked
solemn enough — in a good laugh, bo I
could not answer the principal.
"Ned was not such a bad boy — only
full of mischief. He and sister Rose
had joked each other, and he had fig
ured it out that it would be a great
joke to flour the organ.
"'I did it, teacher,' he now said,
standing up in his place. 'Ben was
here, but he did not know anything
about it. I did it for a joke and did not
know that the joke would turn out so
badly.'
■" 'Very well.' said the principal, while
a lnok of anger darkened his smile, 'we
will further test your ability to enjoy a
practical joke after the exhibition.
Take your seat, Edward.'
"Sistf-r Rose was coaxed to finish the
snng. which she did after I had pumned
all th» flour from the organ. But how
Fhe blushed when the boys sang the
next selection, as they stood in front
of her and looked at her mischievously.
No wonder, for they sang 'My Pretty
White Rose. 1 My, but didn't Ned sret
a thrashing when school was out! That
was April first. Ned was the worst
fooled of any one.
marching up to him, whispered, cau
tiously:
"Please, sir, mother sent me to say as
how Lizzie's got scarlatina awful bad!
and, please, mother wants to know how
much you'll give her to spread it all over
the village?"— Tit-Bits.
3132
Hales. |
' > '• #YT"I. -xv^l itj^h " .. _*£ff&ZL \ _^, J_idO K^l Ii 153 *■ *— * * •
(Ot^.wocoatoOi _^*^£^SSa^ -^ jfef^pC^W^#^^« _^=s^ y^i^T&^^y^^k Interesting facts, not generally
1* the neW° /> //^" * < fe3ti»^ki^^^^''* ,ffi ; !^/TB^OT ik" if ,^^' B /-P^ ■ /" "». / '\ | S ' o> l. iF^T^il */ .»\ 1 t"^^*^ \|| j£--^'i c "~^Sfll I AX. in I " p "'""' of e tne blood of Christ shod
fC«A t<* \O D UC|' f n^|F^K9V^^l\\ If V^^^y? / >^T) I fy^'m!^^ <T^Jt\ *» V I i I f[^ {£ I » {g^TO ■ 6. V* Q| //I C^*-^ I <fV*^ 0 , i» °A glve. r each e oTher C an°egg, saying.
i^i!.^^ v \WJpS.^*3ili^^/.' j!| Q^iJC'S f' ! £*** Afr^ \^ ' El If //Jo*—l o *— - * j* \/s{ \/ M I f^%\ %I \ V Christ is risen." A tcken of great re-
ir*t> o csoo o v wuc< o to™»BW s^^"^ i >3*™ !-^-^<j I otT I Sn /]Pfci<t % flii »/ jO 6 H/ &\ m/ M ' u^ a I 81 » \ «v Voicing and love. On Raster eve and
tv-rv . tE^' vSSSFi I i.^'."* *if "i'l i I £ / m IM \ If, - » I V ' Ml mat I E/ a \ '^ ' a ./2 ' 8 ) \ Easter day the hPads of families send
\\{ \ . •' < felU(l'^'iS»i \ '*■">.' J •."••I i:."7\.*>Bl'!lilli 1 ' I H * 9 if \ \\^ _ «^^~mnE!Jun.-_ U r^jjM— B/ fcH \ .•'^^ ' *v« I C^o a' ■ *JiV^ V .^^ eggs to the church to get them blessed.
V ) / V jS^i^! 4 - r ■ ■: ]". -.flbßi^jV,r ' % y * '£ \ %^^^€«^* IP 0 * \ " \i^ * «%* ' « \ «.^"^ J^^ ln ol(1 " n timea th(> festival of Easter
-^* / -v •IV-^A / I .- i ; lfii£ii3fi)'H**V o-'Ai I il f B *^ ■ //^ 'L— »"^*i^^ jj 0^ ' o Tk_ \ JT ' \ _.._^ ' 11<T n 5^ was celebrated with many ceremonies
M *V^-^^lv\ jdjL'-rj^"'''. ';Jfl p^jf^Afc \l I X j4&* I o-?> ° i C^rki> Popular Antiquities and Chambers^
\\( "^"^y^fflSEjfljffl y^l^K l^M^^ 'I^' Tt. M r 1 /^v !!«•■«• O - Eastertide in Paris. Easter Stockings.
■^~^W^Fh9t ]^^''^^M V*? Ine New Colors. Our Millinery Success. jsf.'rs.sss ?^ g °°«* e ™°- cSK^ff^rK
(j£ '• ■JBF' < '. i"^-"; l^^^- £hP '! nHH H V ffe^ CIS "- Seen ln PariS> XeW TOrk and San Fran " °" r ml!!iner^ Sll^ cess . in spite of the weather, has far exceeded our last year's results. M PA~RIS~ March 1 1599 stockings?^ lnteresUng a " '~ «.u,
/? J S nkU^^S^WT ! ' 1 t~\Jj/ ' "nova, purple r.ds~d pink, reflecting a can^F TiCh WUh the dalntieSt hea ' lg6ar the m ° St successful mlllinerS in our city eSSt^S? hSs J^ pr^jjj, fn LADIES - BLACK COTTON STOCK-
!/>>,• ■■/'^Bi®S^0 y ; s>^«]^r !iI ''ii«^^ra^l *' V V \ V t'/?l~- crimson tint, distinct blues and greens, salmon, Exhibits show a wealth of exquisite novelties, some Parisian (decidedly Frenchy). oth- 1 !, 1 hi \ . f v»™ v»nr'« The nnlv INGS ' ? 1& r "« nn yarn, high spliced
4if' .. .' 7^jfck"- v : V^M^H •I 1 '•' i PtTi^nllifWl • ' WvVK^S^ pale golden yellow, tobacco and Maryland ers bristling from brim to crown with London style, and still others of Yankee creation. mldable rivai of New Years lne on y heels, double sole and toe; 120" , ,
Mr .'■ >\r""- ) mg^W- 8' MBBBHMI 'V^ i'-^ browns silver gray and beige seem to lead in Verily, it's a beauty show, an exhibit we ore Droud of. rule observe^ that c the present* at a sale table price 1}», p .. ir
VI >J* A(" f. v i|o^^P»>'f || £&UTObMU9\ > \ millinery in New York. The windows show increased attractiveness as Eastertide draws near. This week an "just In »°n manner rec,i " "'« name ■ ■
\&/C>yA .' \ Jffiffipg^^t- fir ijfli nHMHHKr^ '^\ Paris does not favor a combination of colors. Easter window- the swellest we have ever shown-and in an adjoining display dainty hats ° ! . n „„?. Hp ,> fln ies" (Faster ege)' i LADIF^' BLACK LISLE HO^f imp
VQU'\l iV V' 11iK« In m """ er f Or '" Btance - the h " 11 BeCm ° Vle W th eaCh °"" '" the ' r ettoTtS " attraCt ' hO paSSerby - Much^nSfty is^d^pla^d to' attain I£-'£3"iK?Ssr S
\5 f>' \B » #f«0l N. WWHI^L' / / ;^k )^- 2 ne ;!nt^ P ?'f bluP ' mn T't.' . v , a /J ! ~ this result ' bed-a beautiful Filky finish; high
lh / " >s . l%^.Ws*s&ffls& ■■*- I Jffllirrfll«Mß^^p\^r\- ; vfolet Her/to \,fv^ e ?h? n nrPferen^ e - dCCP A Few Newcomers of the Swell Sect. Easter offerings consist of all descrip- ! spliced heels, double soles and toes
, (-V ■ W'-' \" Mm' ; A// \SV Ro^l purple mm. to have tak«"a stand In Tailor ds _5 A ppllo.ued taffetas, silk for fronts iExVra 'quality in" all black' or «lored
U/V ' hSM 1 aJtfflatlr i IllKlUkx i Jr>V'*»//ii \r\ » Ban Francisco. Our millinery manager (who Separate silk skirts *4O ?5 and fO.BO yard fj,.,, ' „ «wnt bottles i-rw« fans I tons 3» l-3c nalr 1
V B *§ A has just returned from the East) states she Go f capes *25 Hand-made chenille veiling Il.SOyard l " t r > tlfl?lifl finwers fir thr^adornment
V \ \ f£M l '^^iC^B^m!^^^/nr'\ 1" almost unable to make enough hats in royal ! underskirts 827.50 Silk kid fitting corsets .*7.50 earn J£ w s bonnefs etc These presents
; U V-■ /S^^^^^^^S- s . I nt flifl^vSSs^>-^ I^B purple to supply the demand. I Griped taffetas, waist lengths 12 length I White organdies $1.00 yard °J e invariably offered With some card or WHITE CONFIRMATION HOSE-
■/MrMKM^3^^^s£^ The. Easter List— The Little ' Things. Silks— Dress floods, box conveying the idea of an Easter egg. -JSwSISS^
/ ; ' \ VBA WmW\~ r lEirl&T'^ 4^ r^-« w^ *. • f»>« *. _^ _. - White I>!sle sOc pair
It M I N^ U -^J r rS J The F^Ster liSt The liftfo Thitl(rC Silk« Dr^Q (innHc Hudnufs Famous PepJumes. White silk... ...*i.T5 pah-
•c^4'^ 11-^-^^^^^m <» Ky^/ IUC EdJ)lcr LIM IIIC L ""c i flings oiiKi urebs uooas. The Rloharrl HudßUt To ,, t p a . IMrORTED HOS 7ii- Y _ Tne flrst Im .
. '*^*^S\iPß?S^«^^^^^Sa r" l 'g'^T^ ?i V V^-A^'VS^ "The hundred and one little needs that go to make the new gown prettier or brighten up A few of the new arrivals. 'Twould tak» the t!ona are already too well known for us ,,rtation, r tation Just received. 460 dozen pair-.
IBaBaTiBaHCTm ' — y^WWiW.*^ 1 * 1 - ■•^-^f K. ,-y the old one. ' ' page to tell the story. to sing their merits; the new invoice rcct from the German manufacturer;
" =^SraS s i^S3S^^,^a j(Z{>/< il ) )/ )((^fet __^1 Rihhnnc ' ' Vfllencipnnpc I net- ready to-morrow. the famous Hermsdorf dye; 110 dozen
>©^wS^^^^l^^S^/» j> >-< ys v \c^^sr*k /^' I KIDOOns. , I ,7,, ' a A SILK-STRIPEn TAFFETA— I 9 Inch, navy, Hudnufs Perfumes (10 new odors); double knee children's school stock-
Jjgt ■•/•TV, "^ i /- > A <^^ I^^ i ff 1 Six thousand yards! 4. »00 yards of the lot just 2133 doz. yds. of French Valenciennes. Fashion browns, myrtle and sapphire 73c yard Hudnufs Creams (2 new kinds); Hud- i ings; will sell at 25c pair
J^^^^^^^b^^^^^Sv )f V' Sr \r *Vi\ / 1 I snapped up In New York. The whirligig of demands an abundance of lace and filigree. . nut's Face Preparations (Hudnutine and 1 adlp _. H look CoHon Ribbed His?
— JSM Wt -"- a J> V Jf Aii */ k f * luck threw thorn our way. A maker wanted Seldom that style and low price go hand in OMBRE STRIPES-(a new silk), helios, modes. Almond Meal); Hudnufs Toilet Powders Ladies Black < o.i "'"''''_'
' >K^l^3^^^^^'-«% T &^^-' (07? ' x ~% aft? -i^ jfi~Ts '/ If cash, we took all we could get— l3oo yards of hand, but here's the exception. A quick de- reseda, etc., a vanguard of styles to come . . (3 new arrivals): Hudnufs Tooth ; ;"•" -***- t, <a "
>W^£E»s?StKW^^sW^S^a3^SK // Sf )\ /C <S^V I 1 Nn - * n and 60, plain taffeta only, we had in cision landed the lot one day last month in Mse yard Washes (2 now kinds): Hudnufs F.au de Ladies Black Gauze Lisle Hose
>^^^rav»s^*.-.V'-<'">'-- r . -- v ' "«5(/~» I } / I /] -#Vi.i ! ' | stock nt 15c and 19c yard -all together-moire New York: Quinine.— all 35 toilet preparations. 000 pair
i!!^^^^^^'^-'''^' HA -~i,*--4J &£££ or |aln taffeta— pure silk: *'«■ *»<", 3Oc. 35c, 40c, 45c. 50c ' 55c CAMEO-STRIPED SILK— On heavy taffeta "
-^H^^^^^^Wka-^ >' iyOv I 1 ln< * h wide... .5o yd|2% mrh wide..lOc yd and ' iOc P er dozen yards. b i ack chennie grounds, rich shadlngs from dark to light. 21 Hale's Domestic Store.
Hk - ■*' & 9 ftV^?/ H4 inch wide... 5c yd! 2% Inch wide.. l2Uc yd . .  , inch f 1.25 yard tialCS DOITieStIC OIOPC.
vig IM ["' > (f f) r \ S-3s^f ' 1% inch wide... lOc yd 4^nc hwlde!?l!iav|c yd 18-inch white liberty silk, black chenille SWIVEL STRIPES-A ninety-nine novelty In The department that made "Hales Good Goods" famous. The department
y9fl // J) /(' '«««/ 1% inch wide. ..lOc ydU inch wide.... la^c yd stripe, yard 91.00 SWIVEL STRIPES-A ninety-nine novelty in The department that made "Hale s Good Goods f. amoua - Thft apartment
M WC> ■"&■ °^ &$&?•/ Stripes, Dresden warp prints. Plisse Pin dots whit. Hi«.rt» ny ,7^7 M m, .. . waist silk, the stripe raised up on the rich that started our expansion policy. A Eection to be studied by every careful and
' BBS »^ < } J2EZ& • and raised cord stripes prevail this season. ct^ hite ' ib^ty " silk, light blue or white shirred taffeta background 9 1 .SO "yard saving housewife ln ban Francisco.
\g I^^^^// ' '£&ffi > ribZns 2 fo°l^c d Var a arrOW draW " BtrlnK \T' ''"'^ '"„ TAILOR SUrnNGi^Satln-nnlßhei covert HOTEL AND LODGING-HOUSE KEEPERS-A SHEET SALE TO INTEREST
mW '&&&&/ •" Belt buckles in most any shaoe or sIZ6 Mother hii 'd nCh openwork, applique, chiffon all over ! cloth, new blues, greens, tan«. mode and gray. TOU-We advise an early call on both these lots.
tlßmM&Br ' AiSffif PiVhU ever demanded y AU?ri. "° r "*'*•". I^ZL" f3>s ° yard 62 lnch I^l * 1 - 00 >' ard 840 UNBLEACHED SHEETS. 2-Inch hem. a sheet for wear and not for beauty.
WiSmfltWr fS&M HnnHk^rr-hi^?^ Fancy corded and tucked ■&*"% SSkA»U k A» a HEAVY TWILLK-A swell tailor gown mix- 83x90 inches 30c each
/»y%7 Handkerchiefs. ....gl.lO and fU.OO yard ture in gray, green, brown and blue effects. 43 81x90 inches ;tr, c each 72x90 inches lia^ceach
~ --* ! * W W m oK c « a you r r < h a a t tatni'wtS ?hano"A^u'li White corded taffeta silk, embroidered ' with lnch l^T 91.50 yard Incheg ;::::::: ....37lSc each
VactarilA* lit it. C\tl*\l Ci- A « A St It } Why not. save 1 little by the 'way? Sold thread...... *»•«© yard CORKSCREW TWILLS— A fine twill in sum- 3500 HOTEL SHEETS heavy double warp (prevents ripping), perfect hem (washes
tastertide in the I Oak More. ffii •, l^ t . hynot ' saveallttle ' b/the»a>. P o. n t de v«sr... OTW ** f^ts. M mCT^Kh^t^^ei^ectsl^fS^iSowS. absolutely straight), dry ironed, hand torn, 2-Inch hem. essentially a sheet for
IiUJIWI lIUW 111 lUW VAVUH. wiviwi «e r e 8 b ""• Ecru Point de Venlse allover for fronts, 18 blues and efeens 44 inch 81 OO yard wear made to withstand heavy and frequent washings (we have a sample
Th«*e .terns deserve study. It Is study and investigation that will prove profitable. Our ™ $*£. ESS&'iZrd&nZlX 2SS " CheS Wlde • : - » Oc to •»•«» yard' bI " " *^«^^' <4 "*' "* IjDO rd washed to show its appearance after the laun^) -,^c each
selections have been made by experts, with the requisites of our San Francisco demands in Al] „ embroidered 25c to ij«i.r»O N - fW veiling? chenTiiT dotted sewing K ilk . GRANITE SUITING-A hard-flnlehed suiting Mx!'O inches 42% C each .2x90 inches o-^c each
mind. Buyers demand something more than mere bargains when they select an outer gar- Duchess lace handkerchiefs 91.25 to $10 narrow lihVrtv silk ; edging whS hlnck" 1n neW weaves - swell for a tailor gown, brown, 63x?0 nches 4.' A c each 81x9 ° inches .>; ,%c each
ment for an entire season's wear. (Not necessary to pay. more than Hale's Cro™n new blue and na^'.. . 45c Tvfrd green or b!ue mixtures. 43 ,nch.-»1.0O yard . 50x90 inches .... «,-, 5 c each
prices.) ' • 3 -mb^ hkk^ •»•_ m*. . OI D PILLOW CASES, odds and NEW LACE CURTAINS
TAILOR MADE SOTS— For ladies or misses: the popular shades seem to be plain tans, For edging collars and children's coats, white Black and cream-colored silk butterflies'....;. 1-1 i . ■ nT ri i I ends, a mixed lot of high-grade The new styles ready to-morrow 1400
mixed coverts and checked cheviots; type cannot "Bell of the style nor the fit nor the color; silk gimp, O'*c yard and up. «j sc and 500 eacn L, I Oft naiaiTa IVrQnnOf Sflla cases cut to close. pair in all. fishnet, floral and Point
some swell creations from 912.50 to 920 each vi 1 irtlHlClOllw IT 1 AlJl/Wl JUIW. 45xioV> inches lOe each d' Esprit effects.
SILK UNDERSKIRTS— keep coming in: you'd think we expected to sell every. skirt New Neckwear. E4x4OV4 inches 13c each 3 yardsx4o inches 75c pair
sold In San Francisco this season. (.Candidly, we do expect to sell a large proportion). Tn(l "Zaza" is the latest New York favorite, _ - . C l t\>\ C anic Pork '• 84xJ8% inches, extra 15c each 3% yardsxf.4 inches.^ ......*IMX pair'
Kinds enough for any taste; prices from *> to JMO each It is a three-fold stock with 7-inch f>lald rib- oCBPI6 and OhamS. \)d VClll3 Lawll. We call particular attention to their 1 v/ yardsx6o inches..^l.OO to $J! pair
SOME NEW EASTER JACKETS— Kersey cloth; plaid silk lined; tan, castor, mode or pearl bon for bow and long ends. $2.50. Same In White muslin pillow shams, stamped and quality. • . LACE CURTAINS by the yard. 36 inches
trrav a select few the millinery folks would call them "pattern" garments taffeta silk and lace galoon trimming. 9i.no. hemmed..... '.23c pair 61 wrappers in Jight and medium col- 15-INCH CRASH TOWELING, with red wide, fishnet designs, ready to-mor- 1
' j "....915 and 916.50 each Lace and liberty silk jabots sOc to 91 orp; small and medium designs: the tight * border 1000 yards, per yard Be row tOe and 15c yard'
T^'-new-separa^'sKins sell"from 95 to 94.) each. "l^^^^^^S^A^Sl^iSJP.Kg ! iS^rf^^^^^? £& T^onTlV^ct S STS *$?$& 27-INCH SHAKER FLANNEL, cream. UOTm^^e^
NEW DRESSING SACQUES — Silk, cashmere or French flannel, lace and ribbon trimmed; all White spangle netting, cup spangle and cen- j width and thoroughly well made; «5c >' ara •■ r»«sxr V "«TTTTivr^ for «ash curtains our 10c lot until
new-comers, but popularity sticks out all over them; the price 93 ter bead, a decided novelty for dross fronts.... i Tambour scarfs, openwork center and bor- each until all are sold. NEW- LINEN „ . - vA\ sold "' ' ....'. .. Sc yard '
SHIRT WAISTS-Some new ones in. with new points of prettiness about them, at the same 9» to 9« yard i der ; 35c each |____ mm mmm . mmmm mm mmmmm^ mmM _ mmm^ mmmmm^ _ J woven stripes. ...i-Oc and -jC '
little figured prices that make their comfort so easy to obtain: this last lot begins . ~
corsets "'"" "■■■■==■■■■"■"" " ca " d *'* t^LM7'J@^ / lW Some Interesting Statistics About a Growing Business.
\_>vJr»trlC> To j£iv.> the new Faster Suit its proper Tit. lU^^^^^Hßy /M&/ tSi\ o =!t Michael v ith enough left to supply all necessary
A f ur.A' m ' i 1 — x\ iii iiiLirii^ •* nooKs. tiinri iiAi.r. r? ivii? jll 1 i.>'i~rrriun tui, * hooks, i *^yiffi^sy^ iZ*~^^J^jlfj?^\ /i^ry j^\ */jy — <rx demands there ■■••■.
on hip an.i under arms; sat-:-on covered; shirt under arms and on hip. long waist. — r """"^ /MkW/ J**^S°*BBfwf fM&r/ « J%3!s>~L-l!~J I«Kb^\ Wp have nvpr i"i mllp« of rlhhnn r^r. \,-,~a . v, v.«i, = \ m , r i , t n reach from here to Monterey.
closely striped; lace and ribbon trimmed; closely boned with horn bone, 2 side steels /M&/ /Mf s£&?&lWLt 4!^ i&gft^^? — -^P^iPlO and H-fle^ \r<- " t lmrJ ™V« larl-p as T thov wer l ?> ' } 'and sfm eroding, Added .TOO square feet in 1597, 0350 square feet in «*.
black, white, drab, pink or blue French sateen covered: lace and ribbon trim- /isW/ /Moif (*&&%&£&' *$$jt£^P K&S^^ f^W^SS 9J and 2000 square fSet : bo Txm iri fs99 J S growing.
thk' •;;RF I xF--^:; l u^r; f L 3! mcd =^ E "" "" JsL^ <^ ?hr,^ch^ks d us^ ffv^s?%a - n - y -^— ?^^ «^n l^^^r™ the — - thei
ered; lace and ribbon trimmed steels: covered with black Italian c10th.... IM ™ l tei l r|,,|, *** %* i^^"*^ ■ Over IT mile* of narrow Val la f -A r ». o)v( ,H r />m th» Pren.-h importers since January 1.
...ONE TWENTY-FIVE .. TWO DOLLARS . ■ — — .' We "used in our" Sah Francis^ store in "the year * 1898 T566.850 funning "Jet of wrapping paper. 240 miles, enough to reach from here
The fit of a corset is too serious for careless 'thought. We have experts to serve you San Francisco's greatest mail-order to the suburbs of Carson City.
and fit you. People who have made a life study of corset fitting. Suppose you advise -.;:-t: nnrr nan nA* nA<r> nAr »,^t« i >. *,+. '■•., v nr -r- - . , ' . ■ ■ j j- i~.. -/• milliner* this week
with them. 937-939-941-943-945-947 Market Street. 255 square feet given to an exclusive window display of milliner/ tnis weeir.
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
First Baptist Church, Eddy 6treet, near
Jones— Ktv. E. A. Woods.
St. Luke's, Van Ness avenue ■ and Clay
street— Bishop Moreland.
First Free Baptist, Bush street, near Lar
■ kin— W. R. Blair of Oakland.
First Swedish Baptist, 226 Tenth street-
Rev. Charles Palm.
Hamilton Square Baptist, Post street, near
Steiner— Rev. W. C. Jenkins. :
Emmanuel Baptist, Bartlett street, near
Twenty-second— J. G. Gibson. .
St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue and
O'Farrell street— Key. J. J. Prendergast,
V. G.
. St. Ignatius. Van Ness avenue and Hayes
street— Jesuit Fathers.
West Side Christian, Bush street, near
Scott— Rev. W. W. Williams.
First Congregational, corner Post and Ma
son streets— Rev. George C. Adams.
Richmond Congregational. Seventh avenue
and Clement street— Rev. P. Cooanbe.
Third Congregational. Fifteenth street, near
Mission— William Rader. . '
First Congregational. • Post . and Mason
streets— Rev. George C. Adams.- ■ ■ -. •
St. Stephens, Fillmore and Fulton streets —
Rev. E. J. Lion. ■■'■"*.'
St. Stephen's Mission, 1712 Hayes street-
Rev. T>. O. Kelley. . . .. '
St. James Mission. Sixth avenue and Clem
ent street. Richmond — S. J. Lee.
Simpson Memorial, corner Hayes and Bu
chanan streets— Rev. John Stephens.
Stewart Memorial U. P. Church. Guerrero
street, near Twenty-third— Rev. \V. E.
Dugan. '.-._• .-■;.
Bethel African M. E.. Powell street, near
Jackson — Rev. W. B. Anderson.
Epworth M. E. Church. Church and Twen
ty-sixth streets— Rev. W. M. WoodwartL
Fifteenth Avenue M. E. Church. Fifteenth
avenue south and P street— Rev. W. D.
Crabb. ; .
California Street M. E. Church, California
and Broderick Frederic C. Lee.
, i
Grace Methodist Episcopal. Twenty-first i
and Capp streets— Rev. J. N. Beard.
First M. E.. Powell street— Rev. W. S.
tinny.
Potrero M. E. Church. Tennessee and Sola
no streets— R«v. S. M. Woodward. •
Central Methodist Episcopal Church. Mis
sion street, between Fifth and Sixth—
' Rev. .C. E. Locke.
Howard Methodist Episcopal, 643 How
ard street— Rev. John A. B. Wilson. *,
Trinity Methodist, comer Market, Six- .
teenth and Noe streets— Rev. Thomas 11.
Woodward. .! ''J 1 ' »"'-/•'-.<
Westminster Presbyterian, 'Page and Web
ster ttreets-Rev. B. S. Cryor.
1
.•■■ ■ - i
Hales.
Morning— Sermon by Rev. Dr. Putnam of
New York. Evening— ''The Three Crosses."
Morning — Holy communion and sermon by
Rev. Mr. Shaw. Evening— United service
of Brotherhood of St. Andrew, with ad
dress by John W. Wood of New York.
Morning— Sermon by pastor. Evening —
Same.
Morning— Services. Evening— Sermon by the
Rev. Richard Tjader of Stockholm, Swe
den. ■'■ •
Morning— "The Gospel of Christ." Even-
Ing— "The Sinner's Friend."
Morning — "Blessed Are the Poor In Heart."
Evening— "The Rich He Hath Sent Empty
Away."
Morning — Blessing and distribution of palms
by Archbishop Rlordan before high mass;
devotions of the Calvarian Society at 3
• o'clock; sermon by Rev. P. E. Mulligan.
Evening— Blessing of' palms by the Arch
bishop, at 8 o'clock.
Morning — Distribution of palms and proces
sion and high mass. Evening— Rev. Father
Woods will deliver the sermon in prepar
. ation for the consecration of the twen
tieth century to the Lord.
Morning— "The Beggar at the Gate." Even
ing—A City of Refuge."
Morning— "And Ye Would Not." Evening—
"Do Ye Now Believe?"
Morning— "Prayer as a Continual Privilege
and Obligation." Evening— "Confession of
, Religion." ... ;V.; V
Morning — ''Redemption cf California."
■ Evening— '"it - 'Greatest Doctor."
Morning — Union mass meeting of all
churches at 9 o'clock; address by D. L.
Moody. 3 p. m. — Grand mass meeting for
men only; address by Mr. Moody.
Morning— Holy communion at 7 o'clock;
' morning prayer at 11. Evening— Evensong.
Morning— school at 9:30 o'clock.
Evening— Evensong. .
Morning— at 11 o'clock. Evening—
"Story of the Cross.','
Morning— "The Triumph of Christ"; 6:30,
Epworth League ! devotional ' meeting.
Evening— Miss Henrietta Bancroft, the
field secretary of the Women's Home Mis
sionary Society, will deliver an address.
Morning — "Revivals." Evening — "Evangel
ist Moody and His Work."
Morning-— "Christ Our Prophet." Evening-
. "Deborah the Prophetep3." . ■
Morning— Sermon by the pastor; 2:30 p. m.,
' meeting 'at City and County Hospital.
Evening— Public worship and sermon. ■
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing — Same.
Morning- ''The Conqueror from Edom."
Evening— "David and Nabal— Capital and
Labor."
Morning— Miss Henrietta A. Bancroft, field
secretary of Deaconess Bureau of the W.
H. M. S.. will deliver an address. Even
ing—"A Plateau and the Ranges Be
yond."
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening
— Same.
Morning— "The More Abundant Life."
Evening— "The Improvement of Our Op
■' portunities to Do Good."
Morning— "One of the Josephs"— Number
two of sprier. Evening -"Some Cranks
and What They Have Done."
Morning— "Church Expansion." Kvenlrw—
"Requirements of Patriotism." "The St,ar
Spangled Banner" will be sung by Miss
Mabel Perkins. .
Morning— Sermon oy pastor. Evening— Same.
Morning — The '(•••lolirntpd cvanstMlst, Jtev.
It. Tinder -.-. l! !■•■.;• ;>. Kvenlns— Pftlm
SKM.i.-i.N M-rvii-v, "When lie Saw the City
He Wept On it."
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 26, 1899.
Hales. I
First Presbyterian, Van Ness avenue and
Sacramento street— Rev. R. Mackenzie.
First United Presbyterian Church, Golden
Gate avenue and Polk street— Rev. H. H
Bell.
Memorial Presbyterian, Eighteenth and
Railroad avenues — Rev. H. N. Bevler.
Trinity Presbyterian, Twenty-third and
Capp streets— Rev. Alex. N. Carson.
Calvary Presbyterian, Powell and Geary
streets— Rev. J. Hemphill.
Second Unitarian, Twentieth and Capp
streets— Rev. A. J. Wells.
First Unitarian, southwest corner Geary
and Franklin streets — Rev. Dr. Stebblns,
emeritus; Rev. Stopford W. Brooke.
German Evangelical Emmanuel Church.
Twelfth and Stevenson streets — Rev. F
W. Fischer.
First English Lutheran, Geary street, near
Gough— Rev. E. Nelander.
Y. M. C. A. Auditorium, Mason and Ellis
streets.
Reformed Church, Twentieth and Dolores
streets— Rev. T. K. Tryden.
CONFESSION OF REAVIS
Continued from Page Seventeen.
month and earned additional money as |
a correspondent for San Francisco and
New York newspapers.
In Spain I gained admittance to the J
archives under the pretext that I was
hunting up newspaper stories. During
many months I searched these archives |
and pondered over the thing. I found !
that the Peralta family was extinct !
and that the Peraltas in Arizona and
Mexico were descendants of the ser
vants of the family who had taken th*
name of the house.
One day as I was making the rounds
of the curio shops I came across two
ivory portraits of great excellence, evi
dently a husband and wife of Spanish
nobility belo-nging to the period closing
the eighteenth century. I purchased
these pictures and they were the found
ation upon which 1 built the mythical
superstructure that all but stood
against the efforts of the Government
and the great expenditures of money
to tear It down.
I told my wife — for after coming to
Spain I had legally married this Span
ish beauty, having lived until then un
der a secret marriage agreement — that
these portraits were of her great-grand
parents.
Now the reader must understand that
my investigations had proven that no
grant existed, and that there had been
a noble family in Spain named Peralta
that was now extinct. Therefore, with
these two pictures I pushed aside the
mass of forgeries that I had accumu
lated around "the Willing title."
ignored all the past theories and start
ed out entirely anew.
First I traced the history of the
Peralta family and found that the
name originated in a title Pera (a pear)
alta (high), Peralta signifying a high
pear. The family originated in con
ferring a dukedom upon one Enrique
Carrillo.
Hales. |
Morning— Services at 11; Sunday school at
12:4." p. m. ; Y. P. S. C. E. at 6:15 p. m.
Evening — "The Changes in Protestant
ism."
Morning — "Co-operation With Christ."
Evening — "Look and Live." 9:45 a. m.,
Sabbath schools; 12:30 p. m., schcols,
church; 2:30 p. m., manse; fi:3o p. n.,
Christian Endeavor Juniors; 6:30, seniors.
Morning— ''The Conquering King." Even
ing—"The Spirit In the Believer."
Morning— "Comparison of the Fruits of
i Gospel and of Infidelity." Evening — "The
Unessential* and the Essentials to the
Success of the Church."
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. EvenUig
— Address by Mrs. Ballington Booth of the
Salvation Army.
Morning— "Does the Power That Rules
Cnre for Us?" Evening— Sermon by the
Rev. Stafford W. Brooks.
Morning— A palm Sunday sermon, by Dr.
Brooke. Evening— There is no evening ser
vice.
Morning— Confirmation; "Christ Entering
Jerusalem." Evening — "The Kingship of
Jesus."
Morning— Confirmation sermon by the pas
tor, followed by rite of confirmation.
Evening— "A Wonderful Prayer."
3 p. m.— Special meeting for women only,
presided over by R. S. Boyns, general sec
retary <>f the Sacramento Young- Men's
Christian Association; address by Rev.
Richard Tjader.
Morning— "Triumphant Entry." Evening—
Sermon by pastor.
Then I selected another defunct
family named Silva and made my hero
the issue of these families and called
him Silva de Peralta.
I made the records show that in the
winter of '61 and '62 the second baron
was compelled to abandon Sonora on
account of the French invasion, and
thereupon set out for Spain via Los
Angeles and San Francisco. In the
meantime— May 1, 1822— he had mar
ried and to him was born a daughter
who married Don Jose Ramon Carmen
Maso y Castillo September 20, 1858.
With this daughter and her husband
he set out upon his journey. They
were delayed at the crossing of the
Santa Ana River near San Bernardino,
Cal., by the excessive floods of that
season, where there was born of the
daughter a pair of twins, a girl and
boy. The latter and mother dying,
were buried in one coffin at San Sal
vador. The father proceeded en route
to San Francisco. This child surviv
ing was christened Sofia L,oreto Mi
caila Maso y Silva de Peralta.
Such was the mythical lineage I built
for my Spanish bride. You may won
der how I was able to prove all these
details that happened in this genera
tion. I will tell you how. I had visited
towns in California in which I laid the
early history of my wife. I talked with
old settlers and found that there had
been these incidents in the past and
then I built the story of my wife to
conform with what I had been told. An
old rancher would tell me about a
stranger who had gone through that
part of the country in a certain year
and about his wife dying. I would try
and fit my story to this circumstance
and if I succeeded I had a witness who
would go on the stand and swear to the
facts.
Then, too, It was not so difficult to
change ancient records. All that was
Hales.
necessary was to add a son or daughter
to families whose last descendant had
died several generations prior to the
time I did my work, then marry this
son and daughter and I had connected
the families and started the lineage.
All my work was characterized by
absolute simplicity. In every town in
Mexico and Spain are public scribes to
whom you may go and they will copy
or write anything you ask. By going to
different scribes and using caution none
of them suspected the purpose to which
I put their writings. Indeed, they do so
much copying that any particular piece
of work soon slips from their mind.
Then it was easy to slip out pages and
insert papers in the records of the
archives because I Was given the great
est liberty in my work. Patience was
required in the task and I possessed
that quality In abundance.
Recurring to the work in Spain, I
recall that I had stuffed the archives
there in two cities, Madrid and Se
ville, before I sought any copies; in
other words, I always did my work in
that line before I began an investiga
tion, depending upon the investigation
to develop the work that I had depos
ited in the archives, and for this rea
son it took me a great while to do a
very little. I found no inconvenience
in any of this work from the simplicity
with which the officials received me,
as I was always on the outlook for
curiosities to mention in my corre
spondence.
After completing my work in Mexico
I took a rest of some three weeks to
allow the matter to season, and then I
made formal application for a search.
The custodian found this portion of
the archives fairly glued together with
age, so was completely "off his feet,"
certifying with zeal to all this find,
which went forward to startle the
world and set at naught all criticism
ingomuch that my supporters declared
that the Government would be com
pelled to confirm the grant in the Su
preme Court regardless of what the
lower court should, would or could do.
Thus "not a farthing for corruption"
was the motto.
During all this time I never had an
accomplice. I did my work absolutely
alone; therefore there could not possi
bly have existed ground for a charge
of conspiracy to defraud the Govern
ment and all the evidence introduced
by the Government to that end for the
purpose of conviction was false and
vicious. When I started in I could not
speak or write Spanish. I hired public
scribes in Mexico and Spain to do my
copying. During the latter part of our
visit in Spajn my wife and myself were
received in noble families and were en
tertained lavishly. The public Is fa
miliar with my trial and how the great
est men of this country pleaded my
case.
To estimate the expenditures on
either side of this case would lead into
differential calculus. It has been said
that I expended a quarter of a million
dollars, yet the half would strike nearer
the mark, and I would not make a
guess for the Government, understand
ing as I do the various avenues for
Klondiking Uncle Sam in such matters.
The Assistant District Attorney in his
review before the jury at the trial upon
a charge of conspiracy to defraud the
Government, a simple misdemeanor,
stated that the Government had ex
pended $45,000 to convict me and he
hoped the jury would consider that part
and not disagree. Yet this trial did not
cost me one nickel, and the good reason
was. I had it not.
The Government said: "We consider
this one of the greatest schemes to rer
petratt a fraud on the Government that
was ever attempted in this cc.-untry, or
possibly in any other. It has been car
ried on successfully for over a quarter
of a. century, and a large amount of
money obtained, based upon its sup
posed and really prima facie genuine
ness, and for a quarter of a century,
Hales. |
every year continuously, as we will be i
able to show to the court, there has j
! been a persistent, intelligent and ag- .
grtssive effort to manufacture their
claim from top to bottom. • • • 1
will say frankly to the court that this j
case, as it stood, unchallenged by the ;
Government, wo-uld have required this
court to confirm to the original grantee, |
for the benefit, really of the present
claimants. • • * They have presented
their claim based on properly authen
ticated documents, which, as translated
into English and before being analyzed,
make as clean and complete a case of j
a grant as we have ever had before this i
court. It seemed to us that it was j
strange that there should come from
Spain and Mexico so many documents
of the greatest dignity, certified by the
keepers of the archives, fortified again
by the certificates of our own officials,
making them thereby prima facie evi
dence in this court."
Collis P. Huntington said: "While I j
have not entered into the details of tht
title, 1 have not had time, but my old
I friend, Charles Crocker, who examined
into it thoroughly, believed in it, and
I shall do all I can to aid you."
Colonel Robert G. Ingersoll said: "I
have not examined into the matter is
carefully as Frank Hurd has. but I am
satisfied that your wife is entitled to
! that property— she is a charming woman
and deserves to succeed. Come to my
office and make your headquarters, you
are more than welcome." And at an
other time he said: "Yes, if it will be
of any advantage to you, elect me presi
dent of your company."
Roscoe Conkling said: "If this title
stood for a tract of land here in New
York I would consider it unimpeach
able; as it is there is so much politics
in the matter that I cannot say just
what will be the outcome, yet I find a
perfect title in this woman, Mrs.
Reavis."
John W. Mackay said> "I consider
that Mrs. Reavis has as good title to
that immense property as I have to
this hat I hold in my hand, and I paid
my own money for it."
Charles Crocker said: "While I have
always had absolute confidence in your
wife's title to the grant, I think you
will succeed better without our active
support than with it, since our sins
would be weighty for you to bear."
To which I involuntarily responded,
my wife and niece being present: "I
would gladly be billed for heaven in
a hand-basket laden with your sins,"
such was my admiration for that great
son of toil. He was an indefatigable
worker to the last and without ques
tion he was not only the first, but
most important of all my supporters;
and he left the title question to his
attorneys, thereby bringing the entire
syndicate of attorneys and politicians
of the Huntington syndicate into the
scheme through a liberal distribution
! of shares- of stock in the Casa Grande
Improvement Company, which was or
ganized for the purpose of furthering
the schemes in view, the least of which
was the confirmation of the Peralta
grant with its estimated value of $100.
--000,000, the ultimate object of the syn- j
dicate being the irrigation of 15,000,000
acres of land.
I shall close with the exact words
with which I closed the case before the
court of private claims — throwing my
eyeglasses upon the table 'between my- j
self and the court I said: "I would not I
give the value of these glasses to win j
that immense estate and be compelled
to assume the responsibilities involved
♦ The Sunday Call, 32 ♦
*. pages, delivered at your *
home by mail for Si 50 <$>
♦ a year. Subscribe for it. <s»
* ;v ♦
♦ ♦♦ ♦ ♦ ♦<&♦♦♦♦ ♦ <3> ♦♦ ♦ ♦ 4 ♦
Hales.
in a confirmation by your honors, even
with all the fictitious values that have
been bestowed upon it: yet. for the
honor of my family, I shall fight on;
yes, to the bitter end."
If you were on the moon the earth
would appear to be sixty-four times larger
than the sun does to residents of this
planet.
" THE CREDIT HO USE"
Six Stories High
Damask covered Couch,
tufted and fringed; good
upholstery and well sel-
ected colors 53.50
A carload of Couch comfort just ar-
rived, from the world's best factories.
Some real beauties in corduroy, tapestry
and velours, and luxurious leather. A
large section of the third floor is taken
up with couches, with easy chairs
around, so you can take comfort In
looking at them.
Some especially good folding couches
— daytime couch, night-time bed — at
$22. 50 and $24.
After the dining table is cleared, make
the room cheerful with a Chenille table
cover; warm colors, several to choose
from. Full 8-quarter size, fringed, 51. 45
Excellent tapestry covers, $4.50.
CARPET DEPARTMENT
The "China" brought us all the new
mattings from the Orient— tons of 'em.
Radiant colors, and ingenious designs.
Pringed Nubian Rugs : in Wilton pat-
terns, 27x54 inches L 51.05
Something new in the Rug Room
every day. Ground floor, annex.
Free delivery, Oakland, Alameda, Berkeley
M, FRIEDMAN £ CO,,
233 to 237 Post St., S. E
Open evenings Near Stockton
Painless Dentistry.
S Fillings - - 50 cts
jKSSST Crowns ■- $3.50
mr 11 fuHsetl" " $s'oo5 ' 00
BKk W .'• all WORK.
%* WARRANTED.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS,
24 Sixth St., Cor. Steven.ou.