VOLUME LXXXY-NO. 119.
ORGANIZED TO CRUSH
LOCAL MONOPOLIES
A Giant Electric Light Company
Incorporated in This City.
Plans Perfected to Give San Francisco an Elec=
trie and Telephone Service Which Will Be
Unrivaled in the World's Great Cities.
Cl LAT'? has derided
to organize in this city one of
ry the most gigantic corporations
er established on the coast
and to offr-r I erful company
direct con-petition in supplying to th*»
people of the city a public utility. After
a careful survey of the situation and a
cons;ci»ration of what h'.> believes to be
Impositions upon the community Olaus
to build an
electric ; I without a
rival in ai Ipality in the world
and to furnish !•> the | f San
F'rni - •'.):• light, heat and i
at practical cosi : : ■ is al
ready assured of realization. Articles
of i: . yesterday
and frarv the local env-^rn
rnent wil! I at •mco.
Th- works has
b<>pn chosen and work upon the build
ings will bi need without delay.
comp< have
already be< to study and de
termine the mi tical means of
;. • iction and from the elec
tric systems In . it cities of the
world th..- 5 and apparatus
which have stood best the test of ex
- reckels believes that
le of San Francisco have been
■ their necessi
ties and ' " i- t" furr.isn them
with •! power at a cost
which will ma I ; 3sible for all to
. Is now. in conse
'. ithin the
h "f comparatively only a few.
The new corporation, which enters
the local field a? a direct and avowed
competitor of the electric light com
pany .now enjoying public patronage,
will be known as ihe Independent Elec
tric Light and Power Company. The
capital stock of this company, accord
irur. to the artic'ey .of incorporation
which -were filed at the office of the
County Clerk yesterday, is $10,00
divided into 100.000 shares of a par
value of $100 each. The company Is or
ganized for a period of fifty years and,
according' to the articles of incorpora
tion, is estabiir-hed to supply electric
light, heat and power and telephone
facilities. The directors for the first
year are Claus Spreckels, John D.
Spreckels, Adolph B. Spreckels, Charles
A. Hujr and W. D. K. Gibson. As soon
as articles of incorporation have been
granted by the Secretary of State these
directors will meet for permanent or
ganization. It is understood that Claus
Spreckels will be chosen president of
the company.
This gigantic corporation, the exist
ence of which is intended to relieve the
city from the oppressive taxation of a
monopoly, will then be formally organ
ized. In a few days application will be
made to the Secretary of State for a
charter. On Monday next the Super
visor? of this city will be asked to
grant the new company a franchise to
operate within the limits of the city.
There is practically no question that
both, charter and franchise will be
granted by the authorities and then the
active work of preparation will begin.
. The plant of the new electric light i
company will be one of the most elab
orate of its kind in the world. It will
be constructed with the double object of :
Securing the greatest effectiveness at
the least possible cost. It will be mod
eled upon the b< st municipal plants in
the world, and will have all their best
features with none of their defects. It
will be built with a view of supplying
every householder in San Francisco
electric light, heat and power at rates j
far below those which are now charged '
by" the local monopoly. The expert who
has been at work upon the matter has
not yet finished his labors. He will i
without delay make a visit to Eastern j
cities to study their electric light sys- j
tern, adapt their best features and use
them in the construction -of the new
plant. •As soon as his investigations I
have been completed actual work upon
the buildings will begin.
The site of thp new electric plant will
be upon th« hay shore, where access
to water and coal will be easy and far
less expensive than it the works were
located in the town. This choice of lo
cation will greatly reduce the cost of
production, although the promoters and
organizers of the new corporation are
convinced that electric light, heat and
power may be furnished, without the
advantage of a bay shore site, much
cheaper than is now done by the local
monopoly, which holds the' local field in
its power. It is estimated that the new
company will be able to fix a rate one
half as great as that established by the
controlling company.
When the new company asks the Su
soris for a franchise to operate
within the limits of the city a promise
will be given to -use nothing but an un
round system of wires and con
for the Mectric and telephone
plant. The dangerous and altogether
unnecessary system of overhead wires
■ not be employed. Only the latest
and most improved appliances will be
•used in the plant and its accessories.
As -,;nn as the Supervisors have Riven
niunn Ipal authority work upon the gi
gantic scheme will commence. Some
notion <.f the character of the under
taking may be had in the fact that
thousands of artisans and laborers will
be employed in the construction ofjbe
The San Francisco Call.
works. the manufacture of the machin
ery, the la vine of conduits and electric
wires.
This will entail a labor of many
months. ;:s it is anticipated that it will
take fully ?ix or s<-vn months to make
the preparations that will be necessary
re the independent Electric Lieht
and Power Company becomes an actual
competitor for the patronage of the
public. The competition will naturally
begin in th-' business and dowi
districts, and then, as rapidly as skilled
CLAUS SPRECKELS, Organizer of the Company Which Will Offer Com
petition to the Electric Light and Telephone Monopolies.
■workmen may prepare for it will enter
the residenco districts until every
householder will have electric lisrht.
heat and power within his reach and
his means.
The promoters of the new enterprise
vindicate the organization of the corpo
ration in the fact that the people of the
city are now being charged grossly ex
orbitant rates for what has become a
public necessity. The new company in
organized with a purpose of giving a
better service for a much less cost and
of endowing the city with a public util
ity that will have no superior, if it has
any equals, in the great cities of tin
world.
The articles of incorporation, which
were filed yesterday afternoon with the
County Clerk, are as follows:
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF THE
INDEPENDENT ELECTRIC LIGHT
AND POWER COMPANY.
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE
PRESENTS: That we, the under- '
signed, all of whom are citizens and
residents of State of California,
have this day voluntarily associated
ourselves together for the purpose of
forming a corporation under the laws
of the State of California, and we
hereby certify:
FIRST— That the name of said cor
poration shall be the INDEPEND
ENT ELECTRIC LIGHT AND
POWER COMPANY.
SECOND— That the purposes for
which it is formed arp to generate,
transmit and sell electricity,, electric
light, heat and power, and to carry
on the business of supplying from
central stations electric currents for
light, heat and power. To manufac
ture, buy, sell, feat, jieaj i Jn js£ j>jger
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 29, 1899.
ate telephone Instruments and cir
cuits :ir.d to carry on and conduct a
telephone business. To acquire, own,
operate and exercise franchises,
rights and privileges, and to sell and
dispose of the same. To purchase,
least, sell and rent lands, tenements
and hereditaments. To buy, hold and
sell shares of stock and obliga
tions of other corporations. To pur
chase. Bell, base, rent, construct,
maintain, operate and use all build
ings, works, machinery, apparatus,
appliances and materials necessary
and useful in carrying out the above
mentioned purposes; and generally to
In th< business of buying, pro
ducing, transmitting- and selling elec
tricity, electric currents or lights, for
i all purposes. To manufacture,
purchase and sell apparatus and ap
pliances for producing and using the
same. To purchase, hold and sell all
'or any patent or patent rights relat
ing thereto. To do and perform all
of the above and other acts or things
necessary, useful or auxiliary to the
main' object of the company.
THIRD— That the place where the
principal business of paid corporation
i- to be transacted is the City and
r'ounty <>f San Francisco, State of
California.
FOURTI*-That the term for which
said corporation is to exist is fifty
(50) years from and after the date of
its incorporai
FIFTH That the number of direc
tors <<r trustees of said corporation
shall be five (5), and that the names
and res of those who are ap
rsi year, and I •
the election and qualiflcal
their successors, are as follows, to
wit:
Names. liderices.
Claus Spreckels....San Francisco, Cal.
John !'•. Spreckel .San Francisco, Cal.
San Francisc
.San Francisco, * 'a.
w. I . K. Gibson. .San Francis<
SIXTH That O.in amount of the
capital ; ' n is
'-•0 »r ! ■ dlvid-
Ed into one hundred thousand (100,000)
shares of the par value of one hundred
dollars ach.
SEVENTH- Thai the amount of said
capital stock which has been actually
Ibed Is five thousand dollars
1 00), and the following are the
names of ( is by whom the
same has been I, to wit:
Number of
Subscribers. Shares. Amount.
Bpn ckels 10 $1,000 00
I >. Spreckels.... 10
Adolph B. Spreckels.. 10 1,000 00
Charles A. Hug 10 1,0
Wl D. K. Gibson 10 1,000 00
$.-.000 00
In witness whereof we have here
unto set our hands a Lls, this
twenty-eighth day of March, A. D.
CLAUS SPRECKEL.S (Seal).
i JOHN D. SPRECKELS (Seal).
A. B. SPRECKELS (Seal).
CHARLES A HUG (Seal).
W. D. K. GIBSON (Seal).
RAIN ALONG THE COAST.
Downpour Reported From Monterey
County Points.
SAUNAS, March 28.— A .storm which
promises to equal if not surpass that of
last week set in this evening, accompan
ied by a heavy downpour of rain. The
sturm is general over the county, and
will contribute t<-> the success of the
The past few days have h<--<^n
very warm and grain has grown finely.
From all quarters come reports that the
present season will be the most bountiful
in many years.
SAN JOSE, March 2S.— Tt began rain
ing here this evening at 7 o'clock. As the
season is well advanced it is believed
there is no longer any danger of cold
weather doing damage, and one of the
best crops in the history of the valley is
assured. This evening .06 of an inch of
rain fell, making a total of 11.97 for the
season.
•SANTA CRUZ, March ».— lt la raining ]
IN EXTRA
SESSION TO
BE CALLED
Governor Gage Planning to
Convoke the Legis
islature.
MR. DE YOUNG SEEN
Said to Have Promised Not to
Oppose a Republican Sena
torial Caucus.
Sp^lal Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, March 2S.— Well-In
formed Republican leaders in this end
cf the State are Insisting to-day that
there will be an extra session of th"
Legislature, and that the initial step
was taken when Governo G .fiVred
M. H. '!•• Young '>:'.>■ <>f the three I'aris
Exposition Commissioners' trips. "\\ hiie
1 1. Foung declined the honor the .irYi'r
is said to mean he wiil not, at the
proper time, object to a Republican
' caucus to decide the I'nited State? Sen
i atorship, even should Burns be the cau
; cus nominee.
Gage and He Young met by appoint
ment in San Francisco a few days ago
and the Governor told the Chronicle's
proprietor that If he desired he could
be chairman of the Paris Commission
ers. De Toung is said to have prom
ised the Governor before the interview
terminated that Cor the sake of party
harmony he would not object to an ex
tra session, realising that the State
would Buffer with only one Senator at
Washington the next two years.
When the extra session will be held
is not yet known. Those in charge of
the Republican State machine will first
have to secure the signatures of a ma-.
jority of the Republican members to
an agreement to go into a caucus up«->n
tho Senatorship, as well as to determine
how long the session shall last. The
governor ih very particular upon the
latter point, as the expense of a long
session might ruin the State adminis
tration.
Walter R. bacon was asked if, in the
event that no extra session be held. U.
S. <Jrant would be a Senatorial candi
date two years hence. He said:
"I shall be able to answer that ques
tion in about two weeks. Just at pres
ent I can say nothing."
Sent to WMttier School.
L.OS ANGELES, March 2.S.— Thomas
Downs and James Owen, two boys of
Compton who were convicted of having
secreted themselves under the bed of a
deaf man and then robbed his clothes
while he slept, extracting $45, were spnt
to the Whittier Reform School to-day by
Judge Smith to serve until they become of
age.
SUPPRESSED STORY
OF FIGHT ON THE
ISLAND OF NEGROS
Mac Arthur Advances His Line and Agui
naldo Has Moved His Capital
to San Fernando.
SINGAPORE, March 29. — Trouble is brewing in the island of Negros, where the inhab
itants repudiate the self-constituted authority of Aniseto Lacson. president of the provincial
government, to arrange affairs with the Americans, and have attacked the Americans.
The censor at Manila suppressed the details.
The insurgents in Luzon sent a message to Lieutenant Commander Cowper of the British
gunboat Plover, when the latter endeavored to effect a compromise, suggesting that they were
ready to treat for peace through a neutral great power.
MANILA, March 28.—Informa
tion has reached hf re that indi
cates that the insurgent capital
has been moved from Malolos to San
Fernando.
The army has not advanced to
day.
The men are building bridges and
waiting for supplies to come up. The
insurgents burned Balucan this af
ternoon. American marines are pa
trolling Malahon. One hundred and
fifty prisoners were brought into
Manila to-day.
The monitor ;Monadnoek shelled Las
Pinas south of the city at noon. The
lines are hi inp strengthened at Pasay
and some Bring is going on in th^ vi
cinity of that place.
When General MacArthuf's force pn-
I ramped last night the Third Artillery
! was across the railroad bridge in Mari
lao and the Nebraska regiment was in
j the woods on the extreme rierht. The
other troops had not gone a-'ross the
river. At i ick tho Insui i I
appeared "n the edge of the woods, «a
; mile and a half off. They deployed in
] skirmishing line about a mile long and
advanced quickly, swinging to tho left
to drive the Third Artillery from the
: bridge. This was the first time in the
at war that the insurgents had
advanced in military order against our
i forces. The Kansas volunteers prompt
ly crossed ; * !>i bridge in columns of
fours tn give support to the Third Ar
tillery. They lost two men killed and
wounded in their advance. At the
the First Montana regJruent
crossed the river on a pontoon bridge
ami took position on' the extreme left,
i to be able ?" '-'it in !>ark of the
insurgents it the latter enme far
'enough. Th-v !<>st six men wounded in
: this movement, while the Third Artil
had t \\ " sergeants and one man
killed and two wounded.
Masked by th • woods the Nebraska
by the enemy.
They suddenly opened a Hank lire on
the insurgent line and left their
tren< hes with -i greal Bhout.
At sight of th~m the whole insurgent
force, officers and ..■.■ n, fled pellmeil.
The eager Nei 'h >m
a mile and a hair", but were finally
drawn back by General Mac Arthur to
rye the line intact.
Scouts reported this morning that
about two regiments of Insurgents were
seen to come down from the country
• by train and move toward our
right
According to prisoners in the hands
of th*^ Americans, Aguinaldo's generals,
•' • ■; , were with
the Filipino army yesterday and drove
the r followers Into the first aggressive
demonstration. The rel
to charge across the plain fast of the
railroad, but the Ameicans charged to
meet them, and tho Filipinos bolted
after a few shots, leavii ral men
killed on the fleld.
The Fill) : ; o prisoners further declare
thai the rebels have ;•■ te for
ting and thai their • fflcera have to
kr, p thorn in line by beatii g them with
swi irds.
The prisoners say Agounaldo has
declared that if the Americans can
take the Filipino capital he will sur
render.
The engineers are repairing bridges,
the rebels having failed to destroy the
iron work, and tho railroad is kept busy
hurrying supplies to the front.
The heat is intense, being 90 degrees
on the coast and fully 100 degrees In
the interior, and the Americans suffer
h great deal. In spite of the heat, how
over, every man is eager to proceed
toward the enemy.
The country to Malolos is level, with
occasional streams and patches of
wood, but there are no more jungles.
The American troops will advance at
daylight, taking four days' rations with
them and having 200 rounds of am
munition in their belts. They expect
to take Bocave, on the railroad to the
east of Balucan, to-morrow. It is a
difficult position, protected by streams.
The American line is about 1200 yards
from that of the rebels.
Desultory shots were exchanged to
day. The American reports show that
twenty men were killed and sixty-one
wounded on our side yesterday. The
Dakota regiment lost ten men killed
and had thirty-seven wounded.
One of the most brilliant and costly
achievements of the campaign was the
charge of Major Howard's battalion
across the river. Advancing at the
double-quick they found the river be
neath them and splashed across with a
yell, swimming and wading, with bul
lets spattering in the water, and rushed
upon the rebel trenches. Ten men were
killed and eleven were wounded in the
charge.
At the rapture of Marilao there were
several incidents showing the bravery
of our troops. Some Filipinos were in
trenched on an island in a bend of the
river. The Americans approached in a
triangular formation, with the Third
NEW York, March 2^.—
A special cable to the Journal,
dated Manila, March 29, says:
Bocave has been taken by our
troops. The railroad bridge is
uninjured. Genera] Mac Arthur
is now within eight miles of
Malolos.
PANAY ISLAND
REBEL LEADERS
ARE HOSTILE
Determined to Resist Ameri
cans, Although Their
Men All Want Peace.
r*ispatcti I • The '"a!! nr.d the New York
Herald .. 1599, by Ju::'.os Gor
don Bennett.
ILOIL.O, March 28.— James Macleod,
representative of Warder, Barnes
.v Co., visited the insurgents near
Pavia yesterday, intending to Bee"
the leaders and endeavor" to ar
range an amicable settlement. He met
with an excellent reception from the
native rank and file, but Pablo Arrata
refused to receive him until informed
whether he came officially as the rep
tative of the Amrican authorities.
Macleod replied he came in an un
official capacity and as mutual friend.
Finding that ho could not approach the
native leader without placing himself
In an invidious position Macleod re
turned to the American lines without
having accomplished anything.
He asked the natives on the outposts
whai grievance they had against the
ly could tell him.
Evidently they arc obstinately awaiting
ictions from Malolos. . Several of
the n -pressed a desire to re
sume their peaceful occupations.
Two Spaniards, deserters from the
sh army, who are serving In the
insurgent army, one with the rank of
main;, began to revile the Americans,
but v ntly rebuked by the na
tive r.
As it is f ared that a stoppage of
to the outposts will
Incense the i insi all foreign
, gunboat Pigmy visits
Isolati '<<• bring away supplies
wh t n •
Artillery in the apex and the Kansas
and Pennsylvania regiments forming
the sides. Colonel Punston called for
to swim the river and two
men crossed under lire and secured ma
la with which a crossing was
eventually effected.
Major Bell of General Mac Arthur's
staff, with a company of the Pennsyl
i Regiment and Lieutenant Aber
nathy and ten men engaged in similar
exploits. After the Filipinos had raised
the white flap:, many of them attempted
to run and several were shot for so
doing.
In the churchyard of Marilao the
Americans found thirty newly made
graves of Filipinos and a dozen bodies
wore seen floating down the river with
grewsome wounds. Many huts are
smoking ruins, having been burned by
their inhabitants. The Americans are
not burning any buildings.
Our troops captured four Spaniards
who were fighting with the insurgents.
General Mac Arthur was under a heavy
fire yesterday.
A detachment of ninety-six Filipino
prisoners was escorted into Manila to
day. Their appearance aroused great
interest as "they were marched from
the railroad depot to the prison.
The rebels have unloaded about 500
men from a train half a mile from Gen
eral Mac Arthur's forces, with the ob
ject of reinforcing the Filipino garri
sons at Balucan and Guiguinto, on
either side of the railroad leading to
Malolos.
The fact that the railroad is in oper
ation from here to our front facilitates
the transportation of supplies to the
troops. Before the break in the road
was repaired the transportation of sup
plies was very uncertain.
All is quiet in front of the lines of
Generals Ovenshine and Hall.
The United States gunboat Yorktown
has arrived here with the Spanish
steamer Mundara, owned by the Men
dezona Company of this place. The
steamer, a filibuster, was captured
after a stiff chase in the Gulf of Lin
gayen, 245 miles north. When she was
first sighted the Mundara was enter
ing the gulf, but she at once headed
seaward. The Yorktown fired two
shots before the steamer was over
hauled.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
A battalion of thj California Regi
ment which has been landed at En
rique, island of Nepros. has been re
ceievd with every manifestation of joy
on the part of ihe natives.
The command of the island of Ne
crns has been formally transferred
from General Miller to Colonel yon
Volzab of the Eighteenth Infantry.
LIST OF DEAD AND
WOUNDED IS GROWING
Brave Men Who Have Laid Down
Life for the Conquest of the
Philippines.
WASHINGTON, March 28.— General
Otis has forwarded to Adjutant General
Corbin the following casualty list un
der date of March 27:
KILLED.
FIRST SOUTH DAKOTA.
First Lieutenant and Adjutant Jonas
H. Lien.
Company H — First Lieutenant Frank
Adams.
Company E— Second Lieutenant Sid
ney Morrison.
Company D— Private James Nelson
and Private Matthew Ryan.
Company E— Private Harry Keogh,
Private Lewis Chase, Private Peter
Ryan, Private Frank A. Shraeder.
TWENTIETH KANSAS.
Company G — Corporal John Sherr
and I'rivate Carroll Williams.
Company I— Private William Kinney.
TENTH PENNSYLVANIA. .
Company H— Private J. O. Kline.
WOUNDED.
FIRST SOUTH DAKOTA.
Company I— First Lieutenant Paul D.
ennand, arm; Company (.'—Sergeant
Sidney C. Cordelia, ante! . Bevere; Pri
:•■ Amoor, thigh, severe; Com
pany D— Ray Waahburn, j-houlder. se
[saac Johnson, am First
mt Ernest Madden, thigh and
severe. Company E— Sergeant
Arthur A. Northrup, thigh, severe; Cor
poral Frank K. W. Wheeler, gToin.
ij . Private John' Staube. lung and
severe; "\Ym. P. Pankey. arm,
Company I— Warren Crosier,
ler, slight. Company F— Benjamin
Stronle, neck, severe; Peter J. Tierney,
ankle, slight. Company X— Guy P.
Squire ver< ; Kay S. Xichols,
ler. Company G — Corporal Alexan
. moderate. Company I—
Wm Am -. arm, Blight; Private Lock
ineyer, km will May, abdomen,
severe any L— Allison Myer, arm;
arm, moderate. Company
M_M leg, Blight; Charles
H Jackson, head, severe; First Sergeant
Charli ■ Lcher, che ■ ; Mu
sician David Elmes, leg. moderate.
TENTH PENNSYLVANIA.
Company I— Private Morris Barclay,
severe; J. C. Mlcherey, leg, mod
erate.
FIRST NEBRASKA.
Company F— Captain C. W. Jens, elbow,
y A— Private Joe Scott.
knee slight. Company B— W. T. Rymes,
arm severe; D. W. Scrtven, knee, severe.
Company F— Frank Peterson, knei
. ... c Newsort, leg, severe. ' om-
I E Wright, foot, severe. Com
pany ! '.ah Holbrook, shoulder, severe;
Sherman Di cc; Musician Albert
Tavlor scalp. Company L— Privates M.
1. Smith, chest, serious; R. E. Riley,
thigh ievere. Company M— George L.
Sears litt> severe; Perley M. Busic, fore
arm, severe. Company I,— John ureetzer,
Bcalp, Bevere.
TWENTIETH KANSAS.
Company A-Corporal Fred Recob.
thigh Bevere; Company B— Private Jo-
Beph Wahl, neck, severe; Company Lr—
Leslie Sitzer; arm. severe.
FIRST MONTANA.
Company A-Private Harry Athey.
thigh severe. Company B— J. O. Bolkley,
neck, severe. Company F— Joseph Lorenz,
back' severe. Company Q — William Yost,
hip severe. Company H— Frank Gibson,
leg severe. Company I— Addlson Seymour,
che^t severe; A. K. Lundenan, chest, se
vere-John Tierney. thigh, severe,
FIRST COLORADO.
Company H— Private Harry Kerr. chest,
severe.
TWENTY-SECOND INFANTRY.
Company I— Private John Hogeboon,
shoulder, slight.
THIRD ARTILLERY.
Battery H — Sergeant Heill, abdomen;
Musician Henry J. Roth, forearm, severe;
Private John McConess, leg severe.
X -Frank B. Catron, thigh, se-
Orin McKay, leg. severe; M. D.
kling, knee, Bevere; John GMligan,
Blight Battery L — Tom Culberson,
ilium. Bevere; Clarence E. Chappell, thigh,
Alex Pike. hip. severe. Captain J.
<'. Read, commissary subsistence, U. S.
V.. finger, trifling, spectator.
A iist prepared in the office of the
adjutant general shows the casualties
in Manila sinee 'February 4 to be 157
killed and S6l wounded.
Not the Amador Stage Robber.
WOODLAND, March 28.— Fred Wilson,
suspected of complicity in an Amador
stage robbery near Jackson on February
7. wu released to-day. Sheriff Gregory
did not come for the prisoner on Sun
day as expected. lie sent certain re
signed by the man who robbed tho
stage. Sheriff Griffin had the prisoner
slyn his name several times and became
convinced the case was one of mistaken
identity and ordered his discharge.
Persing Out on Bonds.
KESWTCK. March 88.— Frank Perslng,
alias Foster, the 17-year-old boy who last
week tried to kill rrozier McCandless at
Imn Mountain, has been released on ball.
McCandltss' condition is such that it is
b> li.-ved he will recover, and Judge
Thompson of Keswlck ordered Persing^a
release on $6000 bonds. Persing's mother
went on the bond for J3QOO. •2
WILL OFFER
AMNESTY TO
THE REBELS
The United States Not to
Seek Vengeance Upon
the Filipinos.
THEY MUST BE BEATEN
When Aguinaldo Is Taken, or a
Fugitive, All Will Be
Forgiven.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 2S.— The Her
ald's Washington correspondent sends
the following: As soon as General Otis
achiev. s a decisive victory over Apjuin
aldo, the Philippine Commission will
Issue a proclamation promising amnes
ty to- all natives who lay down their
arms, and self rule to those who recosr
nize the sovereignty of the United
States.
This is the programme which the
Department understands has
been adopted by the commission. As
General Otis and Admiral Dewey are
members of the commission, it is pre
sumed here that they are responsible
for the delay in issuing the proclama
tion, believing its effects will be greater
if published after the insurgents have
been subdued.
An official with whom I talked re
garding the course of the commission
{tainted out that so long as Aguinaldo
maintained his army organization it
would be difficult to reach the natives
and convince them, but with Aguinaldo
a prisoner or a fugitive and his army
disbanded, it is thought the proclama
tion will receive attention from the
natives and cause them to take ad
vantage of its provisions.
The proclamation will be similar to
.those previously issued by General Otis
'except that it will contain a general
amnesty declaration and will reassert
the friendly intentions of this Govern
ment.
' Acting Secretary Meiklt iohn summed
up the official view of the situation
when he stated this afternoon that he
was thoroughly satisfied v ith the pres
ent conditions.
General Otis' dispatch, received this
morning, described the fighting of yes
terday. With the gunboats in the
Balucan River, as reported by General
Otis, which, he stated, will materially
. c the pressure on Mac Arthur's
iront, it is expected the advance guard
'will have no great difficulty in throw
ing a pontoon bridge across the stream.
The facts that the troops are in ex
cellent health and spirits md the sup
ply railway trains have now reached
Marillo, are of the highest importance
in view of the arduous work before the
troops.
ENGLAND PATS THE:
BACK OF AMERICANS
• LONDON, March 28.— The Times,
an editorial commenting upon a sug
gestion thrown out by the New York
Times regarding the birth of a feeling
of respect for the Filipinos says:
"The growth of such a sentiment
does honor to the Americans so long as
their respect is confined to bravery and
endurance and no inference is drawn
from the military to the civic capaci
ties of the natives.
"Until the Filipinos are vanquished
and forced to sue for peace any talk of
concessions is liable to be misconstrued
and to lead to a prolongation of the
struggle. That, at least, is the teach
ing of English history in dealing with
semi -civilized races.
"The Americans evidently have a
tough job, and it may be they have a
long one. but we do not doubt they will
do it thoroughly and in a workmanlike
fashion, as is their national way."
The Daily Chronicle this morning
■prints extracts from a letter wFitten by
a distinguished British naval officer re
cently In Philippine waters, who di
lates upon the difficulties facing the
-Americans there.
The writer, whose name is not given,
says that the climate is very trying for
.nine months of the year and that it is
quite impossible ' for whites to live
there. The Americans, he declares, lack
mule batteries and horses to move their
<artillery. He is confident that the
Americans •'would prefer to clear out."
but explains that "they cannot do this
because of the foreign merchants."
Thf officer also remarks: "The
Americans do not appear to understand
the game of using one lot of natives
against another. If they wish to con
quer the islands they must adopt that
plan and also, make roads and rail
ways."
AGUINALDO WILLING
TO ACCEPT AUTONOMY
NEW YORK, March 2f.— A special
cable to the Sun from London says:
The London agent of the Filipinos has
gone to Paris with Losada, one of the
recently arrived representatives of
Aguinaldo. to confer with Agoneillo.
Previous to his departure the agent
said Aguinaldo was willing to accept
autonomy similar to that of the British
native Indian states, which are nomi
nally self-governed under British con
trol. The religious tithe r-uestion, he
said, was one of the principal incent
ives to the rebellion of the Filipinos,
who believed that the Americans would
confirm and approve the Spanish
monks' system of squeezing contribu
tions out of the peasantry. The Filipi
nos, he added, were willing to negotiate
terms of surrender with Admiral
Dewey, but never with General Otis.
HOW LOEWENSTEIN
MET HIS DEATH
MANILA, March 28.— Prince Loewen
stein. with Wheaton'e command, on the
morning of the 26th took refreshments
to the officers of the Second Oregon on
the firing line. He was cautioned as to
the danger, but advanced with the line
whe>i it charged the insurgent in
trenchment. He was killed by the
enemy and a friend with him wounded.
His remains were delivered to friends
In the city.
Gets a Wrecked Ship.
HONOLULU, March 21.— The sale of the
steamship City of Columhia to Harry
Evans for 11500 has been confirmed by the
Supreme Court. This is the conclusion
of the decision, and really the m< it nf
It: "We feel obliged, in view of the evi
dence adduced, to hold that the value
that the vessel would produce to the pur
chaser i? not so grossly inadequate aa to
authorize a resale, and therefore n-mit
the cause To the circuit Judge below with
direction to confirm the sale."
SERGEANT COHEN FALLS
FIGHTING AT MALINTA
Sergeant Morris J. Cohen of Company B, Twentieth Kansas Regiment,
who was killed while fighting before Malinta, was a resident of San Fran
cisco and enlisted in his regiment while it was stationed here. He had
many friends in the city and his death is greatly mourned by all who knew
him.
Cohen was born in New York "Pity in 1562 and the greater part of his
early life was spent there and in Jersey City. He was always interested in
military matters and several years ago organized the Cohen Guards in Jer
sey City and was captain of the organization. The accompanying picture
shows him in the uniform of the guards. He had served in the regular army
for eight years and at the outbreak of the Spanish-American war sought to
enlist in the First California Regiment, but owing *to the large number of
recruits who presented themselves was unable to secure a berth in the regi
ment from his own State. When the Twentieth Kansas Regiment came to
San Francisco Cohen enlisted in Company B. His excellent qualities as a
soldier soon came to the notice of his officers and he was made a corporal
before the regiment left for Manila. After reaching the Philippines he was
given a sergeant's chevrons.
About five years ago Cohen came to the coast and was employed for
some time by the Burglar Alarm Company. He returned to New York for
a visit and when he again came back to San Francisco he obtained a po
sition with the Morse Patrol, which he held until he resigned to join the
army. When John Dow, who was murdered on Kearny street over a year
ago, had been missing for several days Cohen, who was a friend of Dow,
climbed through the transom of Dow's shooting gallery and found his body.
He was an important witness at the inquest and his testimony helped to
prove that a murder had been committed when the police asserted that
Dow had killed himself.
The dead soldier leaves a brother living here and a sister and an aged
grandmother in New York. He was respected by his friends and held the
confidence of his employers.
DEWEY HAS
ASKED FOR
MORE SHIPS
Believed He Intends to Put
a Stop to Filibus
tering.
SPANISH HELP REBELS
One Ship Comes to Grief Through
Carrying Arms to the In
surgents.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, March 28.— A special to
the Journal from Washington says:
Admiral Dewey has cabled to the de
partment for more men and more ships.
It is believed to mean simply a deter
mination to put into execution a plan
more thoroughly to patrol the island
and prevent filibustering expeditions
from landing.
WASHINGTON, March 28.— At the
Navy Department, up to the close of
office hours, nothing official had been
received concerning the achievement
of the Yorktown in capturing a Spanish
merchantman in the Gulf of Lingayen.
1 While the dispatch is silent as to the
: reason for the capture, it is surmised
that it was due to her carrying contra
band of war. This is apparently borne
out by the fact that the gulf lead 3to
the terminus of the railway which, in
turn, leads to the insurgent capital of
Malolos. It is further borne out by the
fact of the capture itself, which would
hardly be attempted against a neutral
, merchant ship, unless for serious rea
i sons. Spain is now practically in the
; position of a neutral, so that her mer
| chant ships have immunity from cap
! ture, unless there is good foundation
: for the belief that aid and comfort is
being- given to the enemy. The last
| information from Dewey as to the
Yorktown came yesterday, when he
stated that the gunboat was cruising
> off Luzon.
SPANISH TALE OF
CRIME AT HAVANA
; Alleged Killing of a Negro Child by-
Americans Because It Stole
Bread.
VALENCIA. Spain, March 28.—Passen
gers who have arrived here on board the
Spanish steamer Montevideo from Ha
vana on March 12, which reached Cadiz
yesterday, assert that at the moment of
their departure from Havana a number of
American Holdieis killed a negro child who
stole a loaf of b.-pad. and that the popu
lace thereupon attacked the soldier?, who,
the passengers added, had to be rein
forced.
No such occurrence as the onp reported
in the foregoing dispatch has been an
nounced in the dispatches received from
Havana,
To Thank an American.
i^pprial ("able to the ("all and the New York
Herald. < '"I>> righted, 1599. by James Cior
dun Bennett.
BUENOS AYRKS. March 2S.— The Ar
gentine Government has resolved to
;> note to W. J. Buchanan, the American
Minister, thanking him for his co-ojxni
tion in th- settlement of the Puma do
Atucamu yuestiop-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALJL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 29, 1899.
ARMY TO BE
INCREASED
FORTHWITH
The President Said to Have
Decided to Call for Vol
unteers.
TROOPS FOR MANILA
Twenty Thousand Additional Men
to Be Hurried to the
Philippines.
Eoeclal Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 28.— A Waph
ington dispatch to the Journal says:
Because' of the situation in the Philip-
pine Islands the army probably will be
: increased to the full limit allowed by
; the army reorganization bill. A call
i for 35,000 volunteers seems certain to be
: issued by the President. With a pro
i visional army of 65,000 and a volunteer
: army of 35.000 Uncle Sam will have a
j force of 100.000 fighting men.
Soon after the President reached the
White House, Secretary Hay, Attorney
General Griggs, Secretary Hitchcock,
Secretary Wilson and Secretary Gage
arrived. Acting Secretary of War
Meiklejohn met the President at the
railroad station and accompanied him
to the White House, on the way giving
him the news from Manila.
It was the opinion of Acting Secre
tary Meiklejohn, in which other mem
bers of the Cabinet agreed, that the
military forces in the Philippines must
be strengthened at once. In this view
the President concurred.
. At least 50,000 soldiers will be neces
sary in the Philippines to insure the
complete assertion of American author
ity. An additional 20,000 men will be
sent to the islands as rapidly as pos
ble; other regiments are to follow the
six regiments now under orders as
soon as transports can be secured.
President McKjnley and the Cabinet
members met this evening and agreed
it would be necessary to issue a call
for the 35,000 volunteers provided for in
the reorganization bill.
TEN MILLIONS FOR
A WEDDING GIFT
William K. Vanderbilt's- Present to
the Future Husband of
Miss Fair.
NEW YORK. March 2S.— William K.
Vanderhilt. it was said to-day, had set
tled $10,000,000 on his eldest son as a
bridal gift. This was the amount given
by him to his daughter Consuelo on her
marriage to the Duke of Marlborough.
SWINDLED BY FOOTRACERS.
San Jose Merchant Loses a Cool
Thousand Dollars.
SAN JOSE, March 2S.— Two foot racers
found a "good thing" in George W.
Pressey, proprietor of a fruit and con
fectionery store .on the corner of First
and St. John streets, and this afternoon
they did their victim out of $1000 in gold*
en twenties at Agricultural. Park. It was
the old game that has been worked time
and again, and Pressey still believes lie
lost squarely. ;
KANSAS MURDERER
HANGED BY A MOB
Henry Sanderson Dies
by the Rope.
TAKEN FROM HIS GUARD
HIS BODY LEFT DANGLING FROM
A BRIDGE.
The Lynched Man a Fanner Who At
tempted to Shoot His Sweet
heart, but Killed Her
Aunt.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TOPEKA, Kans., March 28.— A spe
cial to the State Journal from Holton,
Kans., says: Henry Sanderson, the
young farmer who attempted to murder
his sweetheart, Myrtle Fleischer, near
Mayetta, on Sunday afternoon, but in
stead wounded M-- John Fleischer,
her aunt, who was at her side, so that
she died at 2 o clock this morning, was
lynched this morning by a mob from
Mayetta.
Although nominally in Sheriff George
N. Hass' hands, Sanderson was under
the guard of one man in a back room
of Nate Haver's restaurant. This was
for two reasons: During Sanderson's
attempt to escape, immediately after
the shooting of " Mrs. Fleischer, he
started to extract some shells from hia
Winchester and one accidentally ex
ploded, shattering his right arm. Again,
there had been a jail delivery at Hol
ton the previous night and the prison
was not considered safe.
At 2 o'clock this morning Nate Haver,
keeper of the restaurant, alone on night
duty, was surprised by two men armed
with revolvers, »'ho demanded Sander
son. At the same moment men burst
in the back door of the restaurant. The
single guard was paralyzed with fear
and made no resistance. Sanderson
was lying in bed asleep, but was
awakened by the noise. Without a
protest Sanderson arose and partially
dressed. The mob, with Sanderson,
marched to Banner Creek, tied a rope
around his neck and fastened the other
end to a beam of the bridge. They
then gave him a kick off the bridge,
and after a few convulsive jerks San
derson was dead. His neck was dis
jointed by the fall of twelve feet and
death must have come almost instantly.
The mob. then quietly dispersed.
The body was cut down by Sheriff
Hass at 5 o'clock this morning and
taken to a Ideal undertaking establish
ment, where it lies awaiting disposition
by relatives. None of the mob are
known by the officials.
SACKS OF CHAFF SOLD
TO GULLIBLE FARMERS
Bunko Men Pretend to Deal in Wheat
and Find Numerous Pur
chasers.
SANTA CRfZ, March 28.— Two fakers j
"did" the farmers of this section on Sat- j
urday. They hired a team In Santa Cruz i
and loaded a wagon with sacks supposed
to contain wheat. They then started to
ward Soquel. In their pockets they car
ried first quality wheat, . which they
claimed was a sample of the grain they
had for sale. They also had a fake tester j
which they would jai in the sack?. From j
the tester would come the best of wheat, j
On account of the cheap price they found j
ready purchasers.
When the gullible farmers opened the ;
sacks they had bought they found them i
to contain chart and mustard. S. Blodgett !
paid $10 for fifteen sacks and Farmer j
Humphrey $20 for thirty sacks. There \
were numerous other purchasers.
On reaching Capltola the swindlers left J
their tram and hired a boy to drive it to j
Santa Cruz, asking him to start at 4 j
o'clock in the afternoon. They departed
on the 11:40 morning train for San Fran
cisco They are supposed to bo the men
who operated in the San Joaquin Valley
last year. _
DEATH OF MRS. ISBEL.
She Taught the First English School
in Santa Clara.
VENTURA, March 28.— Mrs. Olive M.
Isbel, aged 75, relict of the late Dr. Chaun
eey Isbel, died at Santa Paula Sunday.
She was prominent in the early history of
California. Dr. Isbel was a physician in
Ohio, and, accompanied by his wife, came
overland in 1846 with Capt. W. Aram, the
party settling in the San Joaquin Valley
in IM7. He was connected with various
mining operations and was a partner of
John Murphy, ex-Sheriff of Santa Clara
County for whom Murphy mining camp
was named. Mrs. Isbel taught the first
English school in Santa (Mara-possibly
the flist in California- in the spring of
1847 while the immigrating families were
gathered there awaiting the close of the
war. She had been a resident of this
county the part thirty- years. Mr Isbel
was a Mexican war veteran. He died dur
ing the latter 'SO's.
Reception to Shafter.
SAN DIEGO, March 28.— General Shafter
came over to this city to-night from Coro
nado and was given a public reception on
the plaza. The square was crowded with
people. Mayor Reed in a neat speech in
troduced General Shafter. The latter on
stepping forward was enthusiastically
rhp»red for several minutes. When quiet
was restored ho made a fifteen-minute
talk The Santiago campaign was his
thome, and his brief narrative was fol
lowed with close attention. At the con
clusion of General Shafter's remarks
there were more cheers, and hundreds of
people pressed forward to shake the gen
eral's hand.
San Quentin Guard Robbed.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, March 28.—
A thief entered the upper guard post on
the hill near the reservoir last night and
carried off considerable property belong
ing to Guard George Warnock of Mill Val
ley. Among the more valuable articles
stolen were an overcoat, a *uit of cloth
ing and a costly pair of inlaid opera glass
es, some jewelry and silverware. There
is no clew to the thief, but the familiarity
with the premises and the habits of the
guards showed that he must either live at
San Quentln or have been a frequent, vis
itor.
Cardinal Gibbons' Letter to Leo.
BALTIMORE, March 28.— Cardinal
Gibbons said to-day he had replied to the
American encyclical letter from the Pope,
but declined to give the text of his reply
to the public on the ground that it had
not yet had time to reach Rome. After
its rei-eipt at the Vatican he will make
public the text of his letter to his Holl
nes, but until then he would say nothing
further than that it was purely informal
in its tone.
Nearly Six Score Years Old.
INDIANAPOLIS. Ind., March 2S.—
Michael Shea died in this city to-night at
the advanced age of 118 years. Ho was
lu.ru in Ireland and was a friend of Daniel
O'ConnelL Bheg was married when he
was 68 years old and has children over
60 years of age. _
Mercy Shown a Young Thief.
WOODLAND, March 28.— Albert Mc-
Cbeaaey. the Oakland hoy charged with
burglary, was allowed to plead guilty to
petty larceny in the Superior Court this
afu-rnoon and was sentenced to ->ay a
fine of $25. Leniency was exercised on
account of his previous good character.
WORDS ARE SENT
ACROSS THE SEA
WITHOUT A WIRE
London Times Prints the First
Message Flashed From the
French to the English Coast.
LONDON, March 29.— Gugllelmo
Marconi, the inventor, who recently,
after long delay, obtained permission
from the French Government to estab
lish a station on the French coast for
the purpose of experimenting with
wireless telegraphy between England
and France, announces that he has
conducted successful experiments be
tween the South Foreland, county of
Kent, and Boulogne at the mouth of
the Lianne.
The Times this morning prints a hun
dred word dispatch, the first press mes
sage by the Marconi system of wire
less telegraph describing the experi
ments between the South Foreland and
Boulogne. The experiments were con
ducted with the Morse code, which was
read as distinctly as if the termini had
been connected with wires.
The South Foreland is the most east
erly land in England, consisting of a
chalky cliff about 200 feet in heUht.
projecting into tho North Sea and hav
ing two lighthouses, with an eleva
tion of 572 feet. Marconi's system ct
wireless telegraphy has been In practi
cal operation off the English coaßt for
several months between tho South
Foreland lighthouse and tho Cast
Goodwin lightship, a distance or twelve
miles. The distance from Souih Fore
land lighthouse to Boulogn-.-Sur-M 't
is thirty-two miles, the greatest previ
ous distance covered having been eigh
teen miles, between Poole and Bourne
mouth, in England.
An experience of fourteen montns has
shown that no kind of weather would
stop thf working of his apparatus.
The vertical conductor used is the main
feature of the system, and Marconi has
found that the distance to which sig
nals may be sent varies according to
the square of the length of this con
ductor. For signaling eighteen miles
he used a conductor eighty feet high
CHANGES IN THE
HAWAIIAN CABINET
Cooper Named Attorney
General.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HONOLULU. March 21.— Henry E.
Cooper is Attorney General of Hawaii.
His commission was delivered to him
yesterday morning and at 10 o'clock
he was sworn in by Chief Justice Judd.
President Dole announced to his Cab
inet Ministers at the morning session
that Mr. Cooper had been appointed
Attorney General, and that his com
mission was ready.
President Dole will now have to ap
point a Minister of Foreign Affairs to
succeed Cooper. An effort will be made
to have F. M. Hatch take the position.
Mr. Hatch was formerly Hawaiian
Minister at Washington.
B. F. Dillingham has almost com
pleted the details of his new sugar
plantation project on Kauai. This
scheme will be worked differently from
any of its predecessors, and anything
like speculating in the stock ahead of
time will be shut off. As now arranged
the books will be open for subscriptions
on Monday and kept open for a week.
This fact will be advertised in the
papers. Each application for stock
must be accompanied by a check for
one-tenth of the amount asked for. At
the end of the time the stock will be
awarded pro rata, the excess of assess
ment paid being returned to the sub
scribers. This plan may be altered
slightly, but the general scheme will
be carried out on precisely these lines.
The stock market has shown a de
cidedly upward tendency throughout
the month. There have been advances
all along the line. Practically every
sugar stock has felt it. In some stoekf
where there has not been a sale at ad
vanced figures the bids for the etofck
have steadily advanced. Kwa has ad
vanced from 280 to 325 since the flrsi
of the month. Hawaiian Agricultural
has advanced from 228 to 240; Hawaiian
Sugar from 185 to 215; Honokaa from
195 to 225; Haiku from 250 to 260; Ka
huka from 130 to 160; Oahu (assessable)
from 123% to 167%; Oahu (paid up) from
195 to 205"; Ookala from 105 to 145; Pio
neer from 375 to 425, and Oahu Railway
bonds from 10012 to 101.
The United States transport Cone
maugh. arrived this forenoon, less than
nine days from San Francisco, on her
way to Manila. She is in command of
Captain J. A. Broomhead. She carries
about 300 mules for the army of occu
pation in Manila. Ff-veral mules died
on the trip down. The live ones will
be unloaded here and given a chance to
stretch their legs and then will bo re
loaded. The vessel will be here a week
or so. _ _
Former British Commissioner W. J.
Kenny will sail by the Hongkong Maru
on the 24th for his old post in Formosa,
to which he has been ordered by the
home government.
The gunboat Wheeling sailed for Ma
nila yesterday.
LADY RANDOLPH CHURCHILL
AND HER MAGAZINE
Special Cable t.i The Call and th* N>w York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1^99, by James Gor
don Bennett.
LONDON, March 28.— "1t will be Anglo-
Saxon in contents as well as in name."
In these words t. t very popular Anglo-
Saxon, Lady Randolph Churchill, broad
ly outlined to The Call-Herald corre
spondent to-day the policy of the new
quarterly miscellany which will appear
in June simultaneously in London and
New York, of which she is the sole pro
prietor as well as the editor.
"The contributors who have already
signified their willingness to aid i the
making of the quarterly comprise .states
men, poets, novelists and essayists la
Great Britain, the Tnited States and the
colonies, and in time I hope to secure
contributions from some of the l.esr
known French writers, hut the writers
whose work will appear will not always
be the bearers of distinguished, well
known names, for we hope that room will
often be found for comparatively un
known writers of talent or promlae," she
said. "As to the list or contributors to
the first number. I would much prefer no!
to mention their namt-s just now, hut
there will be n poem by a well-known
writer, and I may tell you that admirers
of John Oliver Hubbes. .urs. Cralgto, will
have an opportunity of reading some
thing from her clever pen."
and Jn his application to M. Lockroy
he contended that with a conductor 114
feet high he could establish communi
cation between points on oPt> Oßlt * s t '£^
of the Strait of Dover and even go that
distance ten miles better. ■
His experiments have already pro\en
that when such a vertical wire or con
ductor is employed no hindrance to sig
naling is caused by hills or other obsta
cles or by the curvature of the earth.
One of his most interesting and valu
able experiments was the installation
fitted up last autumn between Osborne
House, lie of Wight, and the royal
yacht, 'on which the Prince of Wales was
recuperating after his accident. This
gave an opportunity to study the effect
of intervening hills, and as vhe yacht
moved about to various positions
doubts were set at rest as to the pos
sibility of telegraphing across kng
stretches of land. Communication be
tween lightships and shore is a matter
of great importance and the J**eieß9
system between South Foreland light
house and East Goodwin lightship
worked through the fierce storms of the
hit tor end of February without inter
ruption, the messages being flashed
continually from ship to shore and vice
% Signor Marconi is much the most suc
cessful experimenter among the many
who have worked along the same lines.
He is now in his twenty-sixth year.
He is an Italian and it was in Italy
that he began his special work. The
Italian Government paid him a l^rge
sum of money for his Invention, to b-3
used on warships. From Italy he went
to Englanß and his success there has
already interested Emperor William,
who has instructed German experts to
experiment with the wireless system
for the benefit of the German army and.
navy. He recently, in the course of a
lecture on the system, illus'rated its
principle by likening it to that upon
which a tuning fork will respond to
vibrations caused by striking another
tuning fork near it.
UNION BANK IN A
HOPELESS TANGLE
Legal Complications Are
Multiplying.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, March 2S.— The recent
court decision in regard to the board
of directors of the Union Savings Bank
has not straightened the legal en
tanglement surrounding those officials.
Instead it has mixed matters, and un
til the legality of all directors has been
passed upon again there will be one
too many in the directorate. All this
trouble arises over Charles P. Braslan,
the representative of the Union Trust
Company of San Francisco, who claims
to be a regularly appointed director of
the institution. He was elected to fill
a vacancy on the board just after the
failure. He refused to resign when the
rest of the board retired, but Judge
Lorigan appointed a full board of
seven. Braslan applied to the Supreme
Court for relief, but the case was be
fore the court irregularly and was dis
misstd. Now he proposes to go into
court again on the came question.
A meeting of the board of directors
was held to-day. Braslan was present,
and was recognized as a director by
President. Rea and his name entered in
the minutes of the meeting as such.
He joined in all the discussions. This
complicates matters and the court
will have to decide which of the
eight directors illegally hold office.
The directors adopted a resolution that
they were ready to accept the bank's
business for settlement. It is expected
the commissioners will be here to-rrtor
row to turn over the affairs of the bank
to the directors. Another meeting will
be held Thursday morning.
Braslan is receiving considerable en
couragement in his efforts from Direc
tors Callisch, Eaton and Jones. After
the meeting these four held a lengthy
conference. Should Braslan succeed in
st.-ating himself in the directorate they
propose to form a combine and oust the
manager and attorneys President Rea
and his clique employed. Jones' son-in
law, B. G. Tompkins, is slated for the
attorneyship.
Directors Callisch, Jones and Eaton
are threatening to resign should the
Rea faction remain in control of the
bank, as they do not care to shoulder
the responsibility of a failure such an
administration might bring about.
Braslan says he. will bring suit in the
Superior Court to oust Directors R<.a,
Dunlop and Levy, as they are not
stockholders, but merely hold stock in
trust. Attorney Leo Archer is going to
appeal to the Supreme Court to compel
Judge Lorigan to hear the petition of
Filipello and others to have the same
trio of directors removed because of
their indebtedness to the bank.
The depositors are unable to see the
outcome with all these lawsuits and
delays on hand. Many are poor and
in immediate need of their money. A
pitiful case has just come to light. John
Suderland, an old Swede, had toiled
about the farms of this vicinity until
he accumulated $6000. Last December
he intended to go back to Sweden and
spend the remainder of his days. He
deposited his money in the Union Sav
ings Bank for a few days. Five thou
sand dollars of it was in shape of a cer
tificate of deposit. President Ward
Wright at once credited him with $75
interest for the coming quarter on the
back of it, and induced the old man to
delay his trip for a time. Then the
bank failed. Now Suderland is a
mental wreck. The loss of this
money has unbalanced him. He
has been trying to sell his claim
in order to get away. To-day he
sold it to Jacob Miller, a farmer for
$1300 cash. At first Miller offered the
ojd man $500 cash and $>1000 in almost
worthless claims against E. B. Howard,
the insolvent fruit shipper. A few min
utes after the transaction Suderland
was offered a better price for his bank
claim, and asked Miller to release the
transaction, but the latter refused, and
said he would not take less than $4000
for it. Several other persons in their
desperation have made like sacrifices
to speculators.
EXPEDITIONS TO THE
ANTARCTIC REGIONS
NKW YORK, March 2S.— A special cablf
to th«» Journal from London says: Sir
Clements Markham. president of the
Royal Geographical Society, announced
to-Say that the sum of $200,000 has been
subscribed for a British Antarctic expedi
tion. Further financial assistance will
be asked of the Government, which has
already promised to supply the necessary
surveying Instruments. The expedition
will be ready to sail next July, it will be
ioined by 'the German expedition, to
which the Berlin Government has liberal
ly subscribed. The 'principal object <>f
tbese expeditions will.be to study tho
magnetic influence of the Antarctic re
gions with a view to increasing thf> safety
of navigation. Search for the south pole
will also be made. .
Sir Clements Markham believes that
land will bo found around the pole, much
of It volcanic l>ut some of. it capable of
habitation. He thinks the weather there
is extremely cold, but exceptionally
healthful.
The Royal Geographical Society an
ticipates valuable results to all branches
of science from this expedition. Tlv ob
servations will cover a period cf two
years.
Russian Ship for Honolulu.
Special Cable to Th* rail and the New Y<irk
Herald. Copyrighted, 1^99, by James Gor
don Bennett.
VALPARAISO, March 2S— The Rus
sian corvette Bazboynlk arrived yester
day from Punta Arenas, bound for Hono
lulu.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
44 Let Him Who Wins It
Bear the "Palm/"
Praise unstinted is accord-
ed to all honorable victors,
whether in the din 'of war
or in the quiet paths of peace.
Hood's Sarsaparilla has won
thousands of victories over all
sorts of troubles of the blood,
and it is America's Greatest
Medicine, the best that money
can buy* :.- v; .;•
It possesses the exact combination
which purifies the blood and brings th^
color of health to every cheek. It
never disappoints. • -.
Pimples— have never been well an 1
strong until lately. Hood's Sarsaparilla
restored my strength and caused the
disappearance of annoying pimples on
mv forehead. It is a great ■ medicine."
ANNETTE MESSERLE, 12*1 Atlantic
street, St. Paul, Minn.
Malaria— "l was very low with ma-
laria. My doctor did not help me and
scolded because I would not stop work.
Took Hood's Sarsaparilla and got sound
and well. Can eat, sleep and work well."
MRS. JULIA STOCKING, 10 W. Wash-
ington street, Bath, N. Y.
Salt Rheum— "My mother was seri-
ously afflicted with salt rheum and pail
ful running sores. No medicine helped
her until Hood's Sarsaparflla was used.
which made her entirely well." ESS
R. MAPLESTONE, 358 Dearborn street.
Chicago, 111.
Neuralgia -"I had dreadful neuralgia,
miserable for months. Neighbors told
me to use Hood's Sarsaparilla: it cured
me perfectly." MRS. FRED TURNER,
Barre, Vt.
Dyspepsia— "l know a positive relief
for dyspepsia and. that is Hood's Sars-
aparilla. It cured me. My neuralgia
also stopped." W. B. -BALDWIN,." 164
Oak street, Bing"hamton. N. V. . •
Tired Feeling— "l had that tired.
dull feeling, dyspepsia, headaches and
sinking spells', but Hood's Sarsaparilbi
made me a new man. I never was bet-
ter than now." JOHN MACK, Oska-
loosa, lowa.
The Grip— "After the grip I was run
down, appetite poor and health bad.
Hood's Sarsaparilla purified- my. blood,
restored my appetite, pains entirely gone.
I am a surveyor." A. W. JUDSON.
Sandusky, Ohio. . ■
Hood's Pills cure liver ills: the non-lrrltatlng
and only cathartic to take with Hood's Sar-
saparilla. •'
1899 MODEL
CLEVELAND
BICYCLES
$40 and $50.
Old wheels taken in exchange-
Second-hand Bicycles -for sale cheap.
Cash or on installment plan.
LEAVITT & BILL ■'■ • 309 Larkin &
STUDEBAKER'S,
MARKET AND TENTH STS. :
JUST RECEIVBD-
PNEUMATIC TIRED ROAD WAGONS
AND SURREYS, : vA
Latest styles, beet of work, strictly .up to
date. In addition to this new .work ■we- are
making greatly reduced prices on a large !!«
of high-grade Surreys, Road Wagons and Bug-
gies. Best of repair work on short notice.-
rfSSgl^&a^ A' cold is danger-
Jg^lMtttSbk °UB. £>° n 't I<? t it
jr-!% get the start of you.
ME^*""**BH» A few doses of my
i'®' ' JfcjKS? Cold Cure " will
i-sfii ' _i§v*>l break up any form
e^*g*Ss£r of cold ia a few
V* *T Bg^ bours and prereot
v * JT*S» grippe, diphtheria
A r"*lv*jf an " pneumonia. It
lL^ *~;^Kw should be In erer7
Lome and every vest
than* a life* 1 inaar-
At all drwglsts, 25c. a tlal. Guide to Health
M»dlrnl ■idvicn fry. J.™* A r r!!. **• !^!! <> _
/*m rwm ""-•'" 111 I 111 1Q
Br«-.r«h D* r . >air 9 rncnUrli.
YITALIS i - l °» -y-SC H Dciicnv
£2?. D n?* THK ABOTIS 30th D »y- liLBICIIIbi
3- i...»" •It quickly * , ar ,ly remove* JT.rvou.nes.. Impotency,
riirhtly Emusions, Evil Drum* W»»Uu 5 Diseases »nd all t9«rti
of self -«bu»« or excess and indiscretion? Restore* Lest Vitality,
row.? and Failing Memory; Ward* off Insanitj and Coniump-
tlon Cure* when all others fail. Insist on having. VIT4.LIS,
no other. Can he carried In the vest pocket. By mail *I.OW
per package or*ix for 95.00 with % »uar.nt«e to Care or
Krluml the .Money. Circular Free. Addrew
«.' U.l M ET CURE CO., 884 IK arboru Si., Chtt
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. S. F. and Oakland.
v^^^.- WHEN YOU
/■py^^y^lfi^^^k Require an " ELEC-
K^^TL^^f mc BELT - get "Dr.
Pierces" and you will
v^ji^f yft\ not jj c disappointed.
"VtST"' c »" o>" address piERCE
n ' .ELECTRIC CO.. ° 620
Mvktuu (mo. falacf Hot*), S.F. . * '..SHERMAN IS BACK
ON AMERICAN SOIL
Cruiser Chicago Arrives
at Newport News.
SICK MAN CARRIED ASHORE
BORNE ON THE SHOULDERS OF
BRAWNY SEAMEN.
Pallid Countenance and Emaciated
Appearance Evidence That He
Has Grown Very
Feeble.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
NEWPORT NEWS, Va., March 28.—
The cruiser Chicago, which left Hamp
ton Roads on March 13 under orders to
overtake the American liner Paris and
transfer from that ship ex-Secretary of
State John Sherman, who had been
taken seriously ill, arrived at Old Point
shortly after noon to-day with the dis
tinguished invalid on board.
Mr. Sherman was one of a party of
tourists who were visiting points of
historical Interest, having chartered the
Paris for the purpose. The Chicago,
after having taken Mr. Sherman on
board, sailed from Santiago last Friday
morning, proceeding direct to this port.
The party that returned with the ex-
Becretary on the Chicago was com-
I of his nephew, Frank Wiborg of
Cincinnati, I>r. McGill of Duluth. the
.physician who had been in constant at
nce upon the sick man, and Mrs.
Danitzer, the nurse, who now leaves
the patient. The ex-Secretary's daugh
ter. Mrs. McCaHum, watched the cruis
er's approach from the veranda of the
fchatmberlain Hotel, preparations for
the reception of the invalid at that re
tort having been made under her oer
.fconal supervision. Mr. Wiborc came
oshore when the cruiser dropped an
bringing reassuring news to the
anxious watchers, and, after a brief
chat with Mrs. McCallum. returned to
the Chicago with nor.
' La^er in the afternoon Mr. Sherman,
closely muffled, and with his features
entirely concealed beneath a heavy
tilack veil, was placed in a Bteam
launch and icmoved to the pier. Two
.officers and four men from the ship
accompanied Mr. Sherman and his at
i.ts. He was borne to the hotel
Utter on the broad shoulders of
four marines. A gust of wind lifting
>sed the face of the in
valid. It was wan, pinched and of a
ly pallor. A crowd of several
■ j eople witnessed the removal
sick man to the hotel.
At 6 p. m. he was again placed on
th>- litter and taken on board the
iat. That Mr. Sherman
is a very sick man. no one who got a
f the invalid's pallid features
[oubt. He has lost flesh until lit
mains of the active and vigorous
man but a frame, and hf> is obviously
f ar ad In feebleness and general
infirmity. While being prepared for
the stretcher. Mr Sherman gave the
pallors who were to carry him minute
to how they should handle
nveyance.
VESSELS AVAILABLE
TO TRANSPORT SUGAR
Failure of Congress to Settle the Ha-
waiian Registry Question
Proves Beneficial.
HONOLULU, March 21.— The failure of
Congi ■ ■ ict any legislation for the
- has had one directly beneficial ef
: ■.-. It has loosened up a large
amount of tonnage available now
that was tied up in the Hawaiian
try question. The Willscott began
sterday, taking the cargo of
; bier Maui. This morning she
r to the railroad wharf to load
'■
The Falls of Clyde. Marshal Brown s
fino vessel, will begin loading sugar to go
tlantic ports, though Captain Mat
eon says it has not been decided whether
Ehe will sail for San Francisco or
around the Horn. "
P.oth these vessels have temporary Ha
i registers. When they were re
fused permanent Hawaiian registry by
the loral government the charterers of
th<* Willscott gavp formal notice that
they would not load her while the ques
tion of registry was undetermined.
Congress having adjourned and there be
ing no likelihood of a special session, the
question of registry ceases to be one in
volving any risk to the charterers. The
vessel can "reach its destination— the At
lantic coast— long before it is possible
that trade between these island? and the
mainland can be made coastwise trade
requiring American or permanent Ha
waiian register.
A similar benefit accrues tn the steam
er lines having vessels flying foreign
flaes plying between the islands and the
mainland. It gives them practically an
other vcar in which to get ready to com
ply with the American navigation laws.
STEAMERS FROM LAKE
BENNETT TO DAWSON
Fine Passenger Vessels to Ply the
Upper Waters of the Yukon
Biver.
- TACOMA, March 28.— News has been re
ceived here from Lake Bennett that prep
arations for the summer's business have
been commenced by the steamboat lines
■which will operate between Lake Bennett
end Dawson City. The present indications
are that a great many more passengers
and as much freight will be handled by
these lines this year as by the all-water
route via St. Michael. There will be at
least- twenty boats plying between Daw
6 on and White Horse Rapids and as many
more between • Lake Bennett and White
Horse and on the Lake Bennett-Atlin
route. Some of these steamers will be as
finely fitted out as the best passenger
packets on Puget Sound.
The finest one so far as is known now
s is being built for a company managed by
1 H Maitlartd Kersey, the former New
' York agY-nt for the White Star line. This
: Steamer will be 115 feet long and will cost
aim It will run between Lake Bennett
and White Horse Rapids, connecting there
with the steamers Columbian. Canadian
Victorian. Anglian and others controlled
»v Kersey's company. ; J'-; 1
Several new steamers are being con
structed on Lake Bennett. A number of
' .-■.me-s taken to Dawson and j^oyokuk
rl«f summer via St. Michael will be
among™ operated above Dawson. By
J™n"*he White Horse Pass Railway will
'Have been extended to Lake Bennett, if
JVres^nt -Sans are consummated, giving
through transportation by boat and rail
from Puget Sound to Dawson City in no
more- than ten days.
ALL THE ADMIRALS
GET THE RANK
The Naval Eoard of Promotion Rec
ommends the Men to Get the
Advancement.
•WASHINGTON. March 28.— The naval
board of promotion, consisting of Rear
Admirals McNair, Howell and Howison.
compl- ted its work to-day and submitted ;
Its. report The board was convened to;
determine the .qualifications of those of- j
fleers' recently advanced to the rank of j
rear admiral under the terms of the navalj
HAVE BEEN HAPPILY WEDDED
FOR A FULL HALF-CENTURY
WOODLAND. March 28. — William
Hatcher and his wife, Sarah
Frances Hatcher, have resided in
California for forty-seven years.
For nearly forty-six years their home has
been a fertile and picturesque farm, two
and a half miles north of Cacheville. This
farm of 200 acres they purchased in 1853,
and. in honor of their old home, named it
"Missouri Ranch." The forty-sixth crop
of wheat planted by them is now in a
flourishing condition and the harvest
promises to be abundant.
On Monday a notable event occurred at
their residence. It was the golden anni
versary of their wedding day, and "Uncle
Billy" :ind "Aunt Fannie," as they are
familiarly called, were treated to a
genuine surprise. Both are hale and
hearty and are as active as many people
twenty years their juniors. Both were
about" their usual avocations on Monday
morning, "Aunt Fannie" looking after her
household duties and "L'ncle Billy" driv
ing a team and drag in a near-by field,
when neighbors began to arrive. It soon
dawned upon these good people that their
neighbors and friends were assembling
to do them honor and to celebrate a very
important event in their lives. Both of
them accepted the situation graciously
and in all the happy throng that gathered
In the precincts of that hospitable home
there were none with lighter hearts than j
the host and hostess who for fifty years
■have journeyed along the pathway or lire i
together in " beautiful harmony that has,
never known a cloud, confidence that has ,
never been shaken and love that has
never changed.
One hundred and sixty of the most in
timate friends among the old settlers of
the neighborhood were there. They
brought handsome presents with them j
and well-filled lunch baskets. Tables were
i spread in the shade of stately oak trees.
! and nearly the whole day was spent In
i feasting and speech-making and in the
personnel bill. The report passes favor
ubly on all the officers appointed, so that
all question of their advancement is re
moved. The list is as follows:
Rr-ar Admirals George C. Bemy. Nor
man H. Farquhar, John C. Watson.
Henry R. Robeson, Winfleld S. Schley,
Silas Casey, William T. Sampson. Bart
lett J Cromwell. John W. Philip. Francis
j. Higginson, Henry F. Pickin, Frederick
Rodgers, Louis Kempff and George W.
Sumner.
In addition to these favorable action
was taken on Captain Benjamin F. Pay.
whose formal promotion to the rank of
roar admiral by appointment of the Presi
dent has not yet been made. The retire
ment to-day of Rear Admiral Robeson
caused a vacancy which makes Captain
Day a rear admiral.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Army Orders Issued an- Patents and
Pensions Granted to Western
Citizens.
WASHINGTON. March 28.— The War
Department order assigning Lieutenant
Frank B. McKenna, son of Justice Mc-
Kenna, to Rochester. New York, is re
voked and be is ordered to Chicago for
assignment -to recruiting duty.
By direction of the Acting Secretary of
War, Captain Frank Taylor. Fourteenth
United States Infantry, is relieved from
duty as chief mustering officer for the
States of Oregon and Washington and
will proceed to San Francisco and report
in person to the commanding general,
■ Department of California, for assignment
to duty with troops en route to the Phil
ippine Islands, and upon arrival there will j
report to the commanding officer, Four
i teenth United States Infantry, for duty.
Commissary Sergeant John M. Turner
and Josiah Simpson, General Hospital,
Fort Monroe. Va., will be sent to Seattle
and report upon arrival there to Captain
EF Glenn, Twenty-fifth I oited States
infantry for duty in Alaska.
iVy direction of the Acting Secretary of
War Major Henry 1. Raymond, brigade
surgeon. United States Volunteers (cap
tain and assistant surgeon Lnited States
army) will proceed at once to tort Por
?er New York, and report In person to
the commanding officer/ .thirteenth
United States Intantry, for dut> to ac
company that regiment to Manila.
C Corporal Beuford R. Camp. Company K.
Twenty-third United States Infantry,
Manna will be discharged from the ser
vice of the United States. This soldier
la not entitled to travel pay. granted to-
Pacific Coast patents were granted to
! day as follows:
California-Frank A. Farley Jjun
fift^' jTrn thawing apparatus: Max
half to C-TlV^AnSeies keyless switch socket
tr^ CtOr ;-in!ln Henry L. Small, Sacramento.
ffc^^ |«^ TeShee. line
i tie, bathtul.; Bylvetrter J. hmai . Spokane.
- ing telegraph HimßonE.Ww.tDr.opo.
i ass
M e e °n r ife e nn H et. R S?n f«?4* V/Amcrteu. T
Francisco, $6. Increase-James H. ■£-*•£•
P. Sloan, Ramona, $10 _ to U<), »i oral n.
Francisco 8 Mexican War .-ur\ivors.
increase-Amziah Cotner, Visaha W to
$12; William Singer, Sacramento, »to»
Oregon: Original -< teorge W. Bennett.
Roseburg, $12; special March 18, /f;b lon
M Pike, Portland. $VZ. Increase W i lmm ,
X Derby, Lafayette, $6 to $8. Reissue ■
and increj J March 18, George
W P VIA. «60 to $17 Mexican,
War survivor* Special March J8. 5 (apecla
act) George Hughes. Fulton, $12 to »-'■
Samuel S. Reed (increase), Portland. $8 to j
$12
. Washington: Original-Charles Zimmer- j
man. Port Angeles, $6; James C. Burns,
Oakesdale, $6.
NOW MR. OLNEY IS
NAMED FOR PRESIDENT
He Is an Imperialist Without Being
in Favor of the Expansion
Policy.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., March 28.— The
Journal to-day says: That a movement
Is under way to make ex-Secretary of
State Richard Olney the Democratic can
didate for President next year is revealed
in a letter from Boston to the Journal.
General Olney's campaign is based on
the theory that he is in favor of imperial
ism, while opposed to annexation.
The writer of the letter referred to is
very prominent In Democratic politics,
and" lie says the movetneni In Olney's fa
vor is wHI under way. It :b urged in Mr.
Olney's behalf that he. though a gold
Democrat in 189*;, did not make himself
obnoxious to the free-silver element and
that on the expansion question he would
be an available candidate, being opposed
to the annexation of distant islands to
th«» territory of the United States. Mr.
Olney's views on the acquisition of for
eiim territory are very pronounced. Hfi
believes in the United States striving with
other nations of the world for commercial
greatness, but not for political extension.
ADVANCING ON ORURO.
Bolivian Insurgents Move to Attack
President Alonzo.
LIMA, Peru, March 2N.— According to
the latest advices from the province of
Oruro, Bolivia, the seat of hostilities be
tween the Government troops under
1 President Alonzo and the Federalists or
i insurgents, the latter are advancing to
ward the city cf Oruro, where General
'■• Alonzo's reserves are stationed. The ex-
I pected battle may, however, be avoided,
as it is also reported that the peace ne
] gotiations have been reopened. ,
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CAKL, WEDNESDAY. MARCH 29, 1899.
Mr. and Mrs. William Hatcher.
exchange of felicitous congratulations.
William Hatcher and Miss Sarah
Prances Mullens were married in Linn
County. Missouri, on March 27. 1549. The
groom was 21 and the bride 15. Their ac
quaintance began as teacher and pupil.
Three years thereafter they came to Cali
fornia. They spent one year in the mines
and in 1853, as before stated, purchased
the farm on which they have since lived.
MORTON WILL
FORM A PARTY
Conservatism Is the
Keynote.
THE TIME IS NOW RIPE
SAME OLD ISSUES TO BE
TAKEN UP.
But There Is Enough New Material
to Give the Organization
a Great Send-
Off.
Pppplal IMspateh to The Call.
CHICAGO, March 2«.— A special dis
patch to the Tribune from Omaha
credits J. Sterling Morton with the in
tention of forming a new political party
which, he declares, will be the greatest
political organization since the forma
tion of the Republican party. Discuss
ing the proposed new party and the
side lights likely to develop therefrom,
Mr. Morton says:
"I have the utmost faith in the plan.
The party will be organized July 4. and
will stand for conservatism pre-eml-
nently.
"No doubt the platform will contain
some elements common to all parties,
but the keynote will be conservatism.
There is a vast field for this new par
ty's operations.
""The late war and its momentous is
sues, the struggle of the two great
parties over bimetallism; the rise, de
cline and absolute decay of Populism
all these eiements contribute to a situa
tion as pregnant as those which gave
birth to the Republican party on the
approach of our civil strife.
! Mv investigation teaches me that
the time is ripe. I do not care to pose
particularly as the head of the new
movement, therefore 1 wIU not at the
present time go into details But I will
' v before July 4 a call will be issued
outlining the plan and it will be signed
by men of national fame and of tried
political worth."
AMERICAN TARS FIGHT
AMONG THEMSELVES
Serious Results of a Quarrel Over the
Absence of the New York at
Santiago.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, March 28.— The
crews of the American fleet on shore on
leave started rioting among themselves
last night over an old feud about the flap
ship New York's absence from the fight
ing at the buttle of Santiago The trou
c lasted over two hours before the of
ficers and police succeeded in suppressing
it Severn! m. n were Slightly wounded,
and Green and Armstead of the Texas
wrere seriously injured. The former's ab
domen was ripped open and the latter was
ivrtcl stabbed in the side. Both men are
in the hospital, where they are pro
nounced to be in a dangerous condition
The wounds were inflicted by a colored
mm named Johnson, also of the 1 exas
who is a Jamaican. He was surrenderd
by the police and is now in double irons
oh boar.! his ship. All is quiet to-day.
The Governor of Jamaica, Sir Augustus
Hemming received Rear Admiral Samp
son this morning and returned the latter s
i visit this afternoon.
SOUND MONEY LEAGUE
HOLDS A MEETING
Western Men Report That the Agi
tation for Free Coinage Is
Declining.
NEW YORK. March 28.— The central
council of the National Sound Money-
League, consisting of the vice presidents
of the league, met to-day in this city, re
elected officers of the league, listened to
reports of officers and exchanged views as.
to the vitality of the silver movement.
The Western men reported that'tho free
coinage agitation was declining, but by no
means dead, and there was general con
currence in the view of Secretary Gage.
expressed in a letter, that "it will be wist!
for the sound money forces to hold them
selves in line to oppose any fresh attack
of the kind which was so successfully re
sisted in the fall of 1896." Some of the
delegates pointed out that though free sil
ver had been defeated, the currency sys
tem nao " not Deen perfected. The work of
the league will continue.
INVEL-S IN SUGAR STOCK.
Eroker Edward Pollitz Makes a Pur-
chase at Honolulu.
HONOLULU. March 21.— When Broker
Edward Pollitz came to Honolulu a few
days ago it was felt that he was after
some big block, or perhaps several blocks,
of sugar stock. To-day a deal was closed
for a large slice of stock supposed to be
Honokaa. The check in payment foots
up $2f>0.000. Henry Waterhouse & Co. have
the paper in their safe. The number of
shares purchased and the price paid and
the name of the plantation are being k<>pt
secret until the sailing of the Australia
this afternoon. Just why this is done only
Mr. Pollitz and Mr. Waterhouse know.
This is the first deal of any size Mr.
Pollitz has made on his present trip. His
manipulation of the Hawaiian Commercial
Seven children have been born to them.
Of these Columbus W.. Mrs. Hannah Mc-
Leod, George P. and Asa B. are living.
There are no two old people in Yolo
County more widely known or highly
esteemed than' Mr. and Mrs. Hatcher, and
the company that sat down to the dinner
in honor of the fiftieth anniversary of
their wedding was one of the most nota
ble that ever assembled in the county.
i matter Is well rememhered. Those on the
; inside assort thru the San Francisco
! broker is not through yet. and that when
ho leaves for the coast he will carry with
I him a fortune in plantation stocks.
There are many guesses as to what will
be done with the stock. Some say that
all of It will gn tf> now investors in San
Francisco. Others say that Mr. Pollitz
Is buying for Meyer and others interested
in Hawaiian Commercial.
WHALE'S HEAD FOUND
ON A MOUNTAIN TOP
Valuable Petrifaction Discovered by
a Scientist in Monterey
County.
MONTEREY, March 28.— News has
reached here from Jamesburg, a small
town In the southern part of this county,
that John Clenford, a scientist of that re
gion, has unearthed a most valuable
scientific specimen in the shape of a por
tion of a petrified whale's head, evidently
that portion where the vertebral column
joins the head. The petrifaction is thirty
inches long, eighteen inches wide and
twelve Inches thick and weighs 830 pounds.
Several small pieces of petrified bone,
which were broken oft" in securing the
specimen, are in the possession of Mr.
The most notable feature of the find is
that it was embedded in sandstone on the
ton of a mountain, about 2500 feet abov<
the sea level, in the vicinity of Charles
Finch's ranch. The region around James
burg Is especially rich in fossil specimens,
many notable linds having been made
within recent years, but this last one is
decidedly the most valuable.
PISTOLS AND KNIVES
IN A ROPED ARENA
Seconds of Two Pugilists Take Part
in an East San Jose
Fight.
SAN JOSE, March 2*.— There was an
exciting priz? fight in East San Jose at
an early hour this morning between
"Jack" Ortega and "Nick" Hurley, but
the mill lost significance when the seconds
on both sides drew revolvers and knives.
Onega, and Hurley have been doing the
Interior towns with exhibitions. A few
days ago they quarreled. Roth went into
the tight fully determined to settle their
difference?. The light was of the rough
and tumble order from the start. '"
repeatedly fouled Burley. In the first
round he threw him down and kicked him
an the ribs. In the second round Ortega
repeated hi? foul tactics and jumped on
Burley's head. It looked as though
Ortega might kill his man. Burley
onds then drew revolvers, while Ortega's
two brothers and Beconds produced
knives. One or two friends of the fighters
also produced small arsenals. It looked
liked bloodshed, and the hundred sports
(■resent rushed from the building. The
r. feree finally restored quiet and gave
Burley the fight on a foul.
ML LOWE RAILWAY
UNDER THE HAMMER
Agent for Valentine Peyton Outbids
the Southern Pacific
Company.
LOS ANGELES, March 28.— The Mount
Lowe Railway property was sold to-day '
under foreclosure proceedings by the j
Sheriff at auction to the highest bidder. :
The successful bidder was Arthur L.
Haws who is said to represent Valentine
l'eytnn of Danville, 111. His bid was
$190 000. J. A. Muir. representing the
Southern Pacific Railway Company, bid
$180 000. P. M. Green, representing a syn
dicate of bondholders, bid $isr>.ooo. The
road is a combination cable and electric '
railway on the mountains above Pasa- ;
dena, and was built by Professor T. S. C. j
Lowe.
VAN FLEET APPOINTED
STATE LIBRARY TRUSTEE
Former Justice Takes the Place Left
Vacant by the Resignation of
Neff.
SACRAMENTO, March 2K— Governor !
Gage to-day appointed W. C. Van Fleet, I
former Justice of the Supreme Court, |
State Library Trustee. Mr. Van Fleet :
takes the place on the board left vacant
by the resignation of Lieutenant Governor
Jacob H. Neff.
It is known that ex-Justice Van Fleet
Is favorable to the candidacy of J. L.
Gillia for State Librarian to succeed F. L. !
Coombs, appointed T'nited States District :
Attorney for the northern district of Call- i
fornla.
New Orleans Races.
NEW ORLEANS, March 23.— Weather
fine, track fast.
First race, selling, one and an eighth
miles, Amber Glints won, Sutton second,
Jim Conway third. Time, 1:56V4-
Second race, selling, seven furlongs, ;
Phidias won, Nollif Prince second. Shut
tlecock third. Time, 1:28%.
Third race, selling, six and one-half ,
furlongs, Borden won, McAlbert second, !
Idle Hour third. Time, 1:23.
Fourth race, handicap, six furlongs, ]
Merry Day won. Cotton Plant second,
Edna T third. Tirm\ 1:13%.
Fifth race, selling, one mile and seventy
yards Tut-Tut won. Maurice W second, !
Deceive third. Time, 1:49.
Sixth race, selling, one and an eighth
miles, Celtic Bard won. Victorine second,
Bishop Reed third. Time, 1:56%.
SENDS A SHIP TO CHINA.
Denmark Imitates the Action of Oth-
er European Powers.
COPENHAGEN, March 28.— The Folke
thing, or lower house of the Danish Par
liament, by a vote of 73 against 28, to-day
granted a credit of 100,000 kroner to the
Danish Government to send the Danish
cruiser Fyon to China in connection with
Denmark's commercial project there. The
expedition will be commanded by Prince
Waldemar.
Mourning in Penryn.
AUBURN, March 28. — Wellington
Sweesey, one of the oldest residents of
Placer County, died at bis home near
Penryn to-day.
COIN OFFERED FOR
VOTES FOR QUAY
Sensational Testimony
of Legislators.
SCANDAL IN PENNSYLVANIA
INVESTIGATING COMMITTEE
HEARS CHARGES.
Meibbers of the Opposition Declare
Repeated Attempts Were Made
to Purchase Their
Votes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HARRISBURG, Pa., March 28.— The
legislative committee investigation of
the charges of alleged bribery in con
nection with the consideration by the
House of the McCarroll jury bill and
the balloting for United States Senator
held sessions this afternoon and even
ing and some interesting testimony was=
presented. Several of the members
admitted that offers had been tendered
them for their votes.
Representative Kendall of Somerset
testified that a resident of Bedford
County, not a member of the LeKis-ia
ture, had told him that if he could see
his way clear to vote for Quay for
United States Senator he would receive
$5000. He declined to name the man.
Representative Laubach of Philadel
phia testified that a man named Frank
Jones of Philadelphia had told him that
if he would vote for Quay he < Laubach)
could have the chief clerkship of the
mint or the Custom-house.
Representative Brown swore that^ a
! man had offered him $200 to remain
: away on the day of the first joint bal
lot for United States Senator. When
! he refused the offer was raised to $300,
I and he was told that if he would go
I into the convention and vote for Quay
I the price would "be altogether differ-
I ent." All the offers was refused. Mr.
■
The above announcement is enough when made to our
regular customers — they know what it means.
To those not familiar with the quality of our clothing we
want to state additionally the protection we give:
Money returned if you want it.
\ Suit or overcoat kept in repair free for one
year.
This protection goes with every suit or overcoat we sell.
I As far as we know, we are the only clothiers in America
doing this. It is this distinctive difference that is making us
successful. /• __
Children's Clothing.
Boys are always hard on their clothes. It is only the
strongest of clothing that turns out satisfactorily. We are making
extraordinary efforts to get the good will of mothers.
\ For instance:
Middy Suits for boys from 3to 8 years. Tastefully. Reefer Suits for boys from 4 to 10 years. The
trimmed, has soutache on the collar, vest and sleeves; colors are browns and grays in checks, plaids and stripes;
, . , . . material is all wool and sewed to stay.
two pockets; some of- the suits have buttoned sleeves, Double-Breasted Suits, same as Reefer Suits, in
others plain. Price — . assortment, but are for boys from Bto 15 —
e^O SI3 SO
S. No WOOD Sc CO.,
713 Market Street.
TOURIST LOST IN
LUIS REY VALLEY
flged Man, Seemingly lQsat)e»
Leaves a Trair) and Wanders
Into the Brusfy
■ SAN DIEGO, March 28.— A 'plainly dressed man, about 65 years old, ■
<> who was enroute' to this city from the East, left the south-bound passen- 8
*% ger train at Oceanside, forty miles north of this city, yesterday after- p
iS noon and after wandering about Oceanside a few hours, walked out to £5
£ San Luis R&y Valley. He was last seen walking in the brush near the »
i? main county road in the valley. £$
S» When the fact that the old man had left the train was called to 53
6 the attention of Conductor Clegg, soon after the train left Oceanside, he #
V requested the station agent and others at Oceanside to find the man and «g
9 give him proper directions for reaching this city— his destination. The g»
« fact that the man- had offered the conductor money to pay his fare here -8
•5 after having already given up his ticket, together with other actions of g
5 the stranger, convinced Conductor Clegs: that the old man was in a dazed g.
0 condition. Before going out into San Luis Rey Valley yesterday after- <>
•* noon the old man asked persons in Oceanside when the next steamer iS
6 left for this city, and upon being informed that no steamers connected £g
O the two places appeared to be greatly disappointed. O
£0 Two officers of Oceanside started last evening on horseback to find 28
5 the man, but were unsuccessful. They returned to Oceanside this morn- g
% ing and reported he could not be found. The man's name and the placo $
6 he came from in the East are not known to the railroad officials. Search S$
<2 is being made for him. No inquiries have been made at the Santa- Fe «
& office here to-day for the old man. <*
2» »
Brown declined to give the name of
the man to the committee. The com
mittee insisted, and finally Brown said
that the person who made him the of
fer was ex-Congressman Monroe H.
Kuip of Shamokin.
An Informal conference of friends of
Senator Quay was held to-night at the
executive mansion to discuss the situa
tion. Senator Penrose was present. It
was decided that Mr. Quay would re
main a candidate for I'nited States
Senator, and if there were no election
by th<- present Legislature, to submit
the question t<> the I pie in the elec
tion of members to the Legislature two
years hence. Mr. Quay's friends deny
to-night that there are signs of a break
in their lines.
Grin Epidemic in Austria.
LONDON, March 29.— A dispatch to the
Daily Mail from Vienna says there are
20.000 cases of influenza in- the city of
Brunn, capital of the province of Mora
via, Austria, and that the death rate is
enormous.
Woman Charged With Battery.
SAN RAFAEL, March 28. — Mrs. Carrie
Nelson was arrested to-day by Constable
Lewis Hughes on a warrant sworn out be
fore Justice Rodden by Mrs. Anna H.
! Barker, in which Mrs. Nelson is charged
with : ..•;• ry. Mrs. Barker complains that
Mrs. N( tsofi is accustomed to lie in wait
for her and abuse her without cause. She
Bays her patience was overtaxed yester
day when Mrs. Nelson assaulted her and
torated upon her clothing. It is be
lieved by the neighbors that Mrs. Nelson
j should be examined as to her' sanity, and
one witness asserts that she has been
known to parade up and down the side
walk with a butcher knife, as if waiting
fur an enemy.
34
NEW LAWS SIGNED
BY THE GOVERNOR
It Is Said That Ga£e Will Go On Si£nin£
Measures Until Thursday.
SACRAMENTO, March 28.—Gover
nor Gage si nt in a. large batch of
Is to the Secretary of State's
i Ins afternoon and then left the
city on the first train.
The Governor's Secretary was not to
fee found to-ni^ht, but a State official,
who was asked concerning the matter,
said that the Governor considers he has
two days more in which to sign bills,
ajid it is the belief that he will con
to sign until Thursday night.
The following were the bilis signed
1 , i:,. Governor, being in addition to
the list printed in The Call of March 24:
CHAPTER S3— Senate BUI 751— Making an ap
propriation to pay the claim of the Daily
Morning L'nion for advertising constitutional
amendments.
. CHAPTER 100— Senate Bill 620— An act mak
ing an appropriation to pay the claim of John
W. -Mitchell lor legal services.
CHAPTER 101— Assembly Mill 19— An act to
amend sections 10S3, 108*. 1113, 1116, 1130. 1131,
■ 1160, 1164. 11V4. 1157, HSfc. listi. llfT. 1205, 1210,
1211 1257. 12i* and 125s of the Political Code,
end to repeal section 1228 thereof, all relating
to election*.
" . CHAPTER 102— Senate Bill 249— act to
'■ amend that certain act of the Legislature of
■ the Stale of California, entitled. "An act to
provide for the classification of municipal cor
porations." approved March -, 18*3, by amend
ing section 3 thereof relating to the enumera
tion of the inhabitants of a city or town.
CHAPTER 103— Senate BUI 124— An act en
titled, "An act to amend section 756 of the Po
litical Code of the State or California, and pro
viding for the amount and the time and man
ner of payment of and making an appropria
tion to pay the salaries of the chief deputy
clerk, and the deputy clerks of the Clerk of the
Supreme Court."
CHAPTER 104— Senate Bill 725— An act enti
tled, "An act to amend section 751 of the Poll
tical Code of the State of California," and pro
viding for the appointment of a chief deputy
■clerk end five deputy clerks of the Clerk of the
Supreme Court.
CHAPTER 105— Assembly Bill 232—Authoriz
ing' the Secretary of State to appoint an addi
tional clerk, to be known as Janitor's clerk.
CHAPTER 106— Senate Bill o!>4— An act mak
. ing an appropriation to iJay the claim of the
San Francisco Chronicle for advertising consti
tutional amendments.
CHAPTER 107— Assembly Bill 795— pay
moneys to F. B. Colver.
CHAPTER 10b— Assembly Bill 62—Appropriat
ing money to pay expenses of installing Cali
fornia exhibit at Pans Exposition.
CHAPTER 109— Senate Bill 212— An act to re
peal ail act entitled "An Act authorizing the
Controller to Appoint an Additional Clerk In
His (jfnee- in Addition to the Number Now
Allowed by Law, to Be Known as the Revenue
Clerk, and Making an Appropriation for the
Payment of His Salary for the Remainder of
the Forty-sixth Fiscal Year; to create the
office of expert to the Controller and prescrib
ing his compensation.
CHAPTER 110— Senate Bill 336— act to
amend Section l»2 of the Penal Code of the
State of California.
CHAPTER Assembly Bill 353— the
support of aged people In Indigent circum
stances residing in the home of the Veterans'
Home Association.
CHAPTER 112— Senate Bill 363— An act to
amend section . -- of the Political Code of
California. . " ;
CHAPTER 113— Assembly Bill 140— To repeal
an act prescribing the manner of locating min
ing claims.
CHAPTER 114— Assembly Hill Limiting
the hours of daily services of laborers, work
. men and mechanics upon public work.
CHAPTER 115— Assembly Bill 509— For the
maintenance of a mansion for the Governor.
CHAPTER 116— Senate Bill 722— Appropriating
moneys to pay expenses incurred for the fu
neral of the late State Treasurer, Lev! Rack
llffe.
CHAPTER 117— Senate Bill 700— a_-t to ap
propriate $1120 to pay the unpaid salary of the
late Denis Spencer as attorney for State Board
of Health and the Board of Health of .San
Francisco.
CHAPTER IIS— Senate Bill 74S— Appropriating
' money to repair the roof, gutters and conduc
tors on the State Capitol building.
CHAPTER Senate Bill 3ty— act au
thorizing- the insurance, of all property of the
University of California, held for purposes of
income against damages or loss.
CHAPTER 120— Senate Bill 731— An act to
amend the Penal Code by adding a new sa;
tion thereto, to be numbered 64Vi. relating to
elections, by providing for the punishment of
offenses at primary election.
CHAPTER 121— Assembly Bill sßS— Relating
to boxing and sparring matches and prize or
ring fights,
CHAPTER 122— Assembly Bill 248— T0 pay the
Claim of Oliver B. Chapman.
CHAPTER 123— Senate Bill 654— An act mak
ing an appropriation to pay the claim of
: Downey Champion for advertising constitu
tional amendments.
' CHAPTER 124— Senate Bill 530— An act to add
a new- section to the Penal Code of the fctate
of California, to be known as section 258, re
lating to libel.
CHAPTER 126— Senate Bill 320— An act cre
ating: a commissioner of pub!} works, defining
his duties and powers, and" fixing his compen
sation.
CHAPTER 127— Assembly Bill 789— Regarding
organizations, officers and members of the Na
tional Guard who entered the United States
volunteer service in the Spanish-American war
of IS»S, their privileges" ami exemptions.
CHAPTER 12a— Assembly Bill 416— Relating
to the duties of. the judiciary committees of the
Legislature.
CHAPTER 128— Assembly Bill 506— Relatmg
to the government of State insane asylums and
duties of State Lunacy Commission.
CHAPTER 12.",— Assembly Bill CSS—Authoriz
ing the Governor to order the transfer to the
general fund of any. money that may be in
other funds of the State Treasury, and the
return thereof of such funds.
CHAPTER ISO— Assembly Bill 950— T0 provide
for Improvements and repairs at State Normal
'School at San Jose.
• CHAPTER 131— Senate Bill 461— An act au
thorizing the Governor and Attorney General
to purchase for the State of California cer
tain lands In Humboldt Bay, and making an
appropriation therefor. ■
' CHAPTER Assembly Bill 681— provide
payment .of costs of suit In foreclosing delin
quent purchasers of State school lands.
CHAPTER 133— Assembly Bill 39— An act to
appropriate money to pay the directors of the
California Institute for the Deaf and Dumb and
Blind and for the concrete guttering, culverting
and macadamizing of Waring street, in front of
the lands of the Institute of the Deaf and Dumb
and Blind of Berkeley, Cal., which work was
performed and materials furnished under a
oontract with Guy Hyde Chick. Superintendent
of Streets of thp town of Berkeley, Cal., his
authority having been acquired under the gen
eral law? of the State of California.
CHAPTER 134— Assembly Bill 662— T0 pay the
salaries of the employes of the Commissioner
of Public Works.
CHAPTER 135 Assembly Bill 347— pay the
directors of the Deaf and Dumb and Blind
Asylum and for certain improvements in the
property already completed.
CHAPTER 136— Senate Bill 732— An act to pro
vide for the Inspection of dairies, factories of
dairy products and on dairy products as to
their sanitary condition and as to the health of
stock, and to prevent the self of milk and the
1 products of milk drawn fr' m diseased ani
mals to the people of this State, and to pre
vent the spread of infectious and contagious
diseases common to Etock and to appropriate
money thrrefor.
CHAPTER 137— Senate Bill 625— An act to ap
propriate the Bun of J2l 60 to nay the claim
of M. G. Barrett for money due and owing th»
Bald M. G. Barrett from the state of California.
CHAPTER I?.S— Senate Bill 6— An act to pro
vide for certain improvements and repairs at
the State Normal School at I/os Angeles and
making an appropriation therefor.
CHAPTER 139— Senate Bill 228— An act ap
propriating 145,000 to complete and equip the
building now being constructed for the use of
the State Normal School of San Diego, Cal,
CHAPTER 140— Assembly Bill 54— An act pro
viding for organization of. municipal corpora
tions.
CHAPTER 141— Assembly Bill 443— T0 estab
lish a State. Normal School in the city and
county of San Francisco, and making an ap
propriation of $150,000.
CHAPTER 142— Senate BUI 29— An act to es
tablish the California Polytechnic School in the
county of San Luis Oblspo, Cal., and making
an appropriation therefor.
CHAPTER Senate Bill 271— An act mak-
Pears'
Do you know the
most luxurious bath
in the world }
Have you used
Pears' Soap?
Ing an appropriation to pay the claim of Cle
ment Bennett for reporting In the eaeo of
the Southern Pacific Company vs. The Board
of Railroad Commissioners of the State of
California.
CHAPTER 144— Senate Bill 4S4— An act ap
propriating the sum of $5000 for concrete work.
tiling and resetting of steam pipes and heat
ers on the second floor of the State Capitol.
I HAPTER 145— Assembly Bill 455— T0 repay
John C. Pelton for money expended and for
services rendered in establishing the first free
public school in the State of California.
CHAPTER 116— Senate Bill 734— An act mak
ing- an appropriation to pay the deficiency in
the adult blind fund and directing the Con
troller and Treasurer to transfer the amount
appropriated from the general fund to
said adult Mind fund.
CHAPTER 147— Senate Bill 629— An act to
provide for the payment of $400 to Ed E. Leake,
proprietor of the Woodland Democrat, for the
advertising of the constitutional amendments
voted for at the general election held in W'\
naking an a] propriation therefor.
CHAPTER 148 Assembly Bill CIS— To pay for
metallic furniture in the office of the Clerk of
the Supreme Court at Sacramento.
CHAPTER 141'- Senate Bill 695— An act to
amend section ; ol an act regulating the sale
of the lands uncovered by the recession or
drainage of the waters of inland lakes and un
segregated swamp and overflow land and vali
dating the sales and surveys heretofore made;
approved March 24, 1893.
CHAPTER 150— Senate Bill "2— An act to pro
he safety of employes and passengers
i n street railroads, by compelling equipment
of cars and dummies with fenders and brakes,
and t penalties.
CHAPTER 161— Assembly Bill— 9ls— To pay-
Clark and Sharp of Madera.
CHAPTER 152- Assembly BUI 803— An act
providing for the allowance and payment of
the claim of the Healdsburg Enterprise.
CHAPTER 153— Assembly Bill 908— To pay
claim of Butchers' and Stockgrowers' Journal.
CHAPTER 154— Assembly Bill S63— To pay
claim of Blue Lake Advocate.
CHAPTER 155— Assembly Bill 766— T0 appro
priate claim of J. L. Childs.
CHAPTER 156— Assembly Bill 906— T0 pay
claim of Alfred Harrell.
CHAPTER 157— Assembly Bill 734— An act
pr. viding for the payment for the printing of
constitutional amendments.
CHAPTER 158— Assembly Bill 875— t0 pay
claim of J. B. Sanferd.
CHAPTER 159— Assembly Bill 840—Appropri
ating money? to pay claim of A. A. Taylor.
CHAPTEH i ibly Bill 785— T0 provide
for the payment of $200 to J. K. Spect.
CHAPTER 161— Assembly Bill &o»—Appro
priating moneys to pay claim of Town lalk
Company.
CHAPTER 162— Assembly Bill OSS— To pay the
CHAPTER 163— Assembly Bill 777— T0 pay
claim of James McClatchy & Co.
CHAPTER 164— Assembly Bill SSS— To pay the
claim of San Francisco News Letter.
CHAPTER 165— Assembly Bill 86d— To pay
claim >1 W. A. Bpalding.
Chapter 166— Assembly Bill S64— To provide
for payment for advertising constitutional
amendments. _
CHAPTER 167— Assembly Bill 907 —To pay
claim of Alameda Encinal.
CHAPTER 168— Assembly Bill 736— T0 pay
claim of James H. Barry.
CHAPTER 169— Assembly Bill S36— To pay
claim of San Jose Herald Company
CHAPTEB 170— Assembly bill 891— To pay
C CHAPTER' 171— Assembly Bill 934— T0 pay M.
CHAPTKR 172— Assembly Bill 968— T0 pay
claim of the Williams Farmer.
CHAPTER 173— Assembly Bill 848— To pay the
° ! CHAPTER' r i 74 -Assembly Bill 818-To pay
claim of Gonxalea Tribune.
CHAPTER 175— Assembly Bill 843— T0 pay the
claim of the • >nide.
CHAPTER 176 Assembly Bill 900— To pay
claim of Shasta County Democrat.
CHAPTER m-Assembly BUI BBl— To pay
Cl chaJ'TEr" 178— Assembly Bill 969— T0 pay
CHAPTEIf T 179— Assembly Bill S72— To pay
OTTER iso-^Aas^mbly Bill 876— T0 pay
claim of E. C. Rust.
i'!IAPTER 131— Assembly Bill 407— Appropri
ating moneys to pay advertising claim of The
UPTER 182— Assembly Bill 801— To pay
claim of the Petaluma Printing Company.
CHAPTER 183— Assembly Bill 799— T0 pay the
claim of McNab & Cassldy.
CHAPTER 184— Assembly Bill 880— Providing
for accident and fire drills on all river boats.
CHAPTER 185— Assembly Bill 856-To pay
claim of Appeal Publishing Company.
CHAPTER lS&-Asseir/bly Bill 974-To' pay the
Fullerton Tribune.
(•HAPTER 187— Assembly Bill 747— T0 pay the
claim of th-- Mountain Messenger.
CHAPTER 188-Aesembly Bill 4G3-For the
advertising of the constitutional amendmenta.
CHAPTER 189— Assembly Bill 929— T0 pay
C 'rHAPTER lflO^Assembly BUI 811— To pay
the Evening Post Publishing Company.
CHAPTKR HI— Assembly Bill 822— T0 pay
claim of John McGonlgle.
CHAPTER 192— Assembly Bill 904— T0 pay
claim of Inyo Independent.
CH-V.PTER 193-rAssembly Bill 784— T0 pay
moneys to E. M. Schorn of the Dally Willows
°CHAPTER 194— Assembly Bill 790— An act
making an appropriation to pay the claim of
A.^en B. Lemanon for the printing of consti
tutional amendments.
"'HATTER 195— Assembly Bill 828— lo pay
claim of Argus Publishing Company.
CHAPTER 196— Senate Bill 609— An act mak
ing an appropriation to pay the claim of the
Record Publishing Company for advertising
constitutional amendments.
CHAPTER lf-7— Senate Bill 616— An act mak
ing an appropriation to pay the claim of the
Contra Costa Gazette for publishing consti
tutional amendments for the year 1898.
CHAPTER US— Senate liill.62t>— An act mak
ing an appropriation to pay the claim of the
Daily ana weekly News for advertising con
stitutional amendments.
CHAPTER 199— Senate Bill 631— An act mak
ing an appropriation to pay the claim of H. B.
Martin & Son, proprietors of the San Ber
nardino Evening Transcript, for publishing
constitutional amendments.
CHAPTER 200— Senate Bill 583— An act mak
ing an appropriation to pay the claim of Col
nan & Nunan for advertising constitutional
CHAPTER 201— Senate Bill 694— An act mak
ing an appropriation to pay the claim of "Wil
liam O'Brien for advertising constitutional
amendments.
CHAPTER 202— Senate Bill 695— An act mak
ing an appropriation to pay the claim of the
Sutter Publishing Company for advertising con
stitutional amendments.
CHAPTER 80S— Senate Hill 582— An art mak
ing an appropriation to pay the claim of J. L.
Ph<Mps & Co. for advertising constitutional
•i:<-nts.
CHAPTER 2°4— Senate Bill 678— An act mak
ing an appropriation to pay the claim of the
Sacramento Publishing Company, publishers of
Record-Union, for advertising constitu
tional amen'ln.cr.ts.
CHAPTER 206 Senate Bill 637— An act pro
viding for the all&wance and payment of the
claim of H. H. Grannlre against the State of
California and making an appropriation there
<"H AFTER 206— Senate Rill 633— An act to pro
vide for the payment for the "advertising of
tutlonal amendments and making an ap
propriation therefor.
CHAPTER JOT— Senate Bill €27— An act mak
ing an approprlatli n to pay the claim of the
l>aily and Weekly Sentinel for advertising con
stitutional amendmentß.
CHAPTER 20^-Senate Bill 617— An act mak
ing an appropriation to pay the claim of the
San Francisco Abend Post for advertising con
stitutional amendments.
CHAPTER M9— Senate Bill 559— An act mak
ing an ;ipi-r 'Priatlon to pay the claim of the
Sierra Valley Record for advertising constitu
te rial amendments.
CHAPTER 210— Senate Bill 57f>— An .act mak
ing an appropriation to pay the claim of A.
\Y Voorsangf r, publisher of Emanu-El, for ad
vert inliiK constitutional amendments.
CHAPTER 211— Senate Bill 657— An act ap
propriating the sum of $630 to pay the claim
of Ben If. Maddoz for money due and owing
to said Ben Id. Maddox from the ' State of Cal
ifornia.
CHAPTER 212— Senate Bill 666— An act to pro
vide for the payment for the advertising of
constitutional amendments and making an ap
propriation therefor.
CHAPTER 21S- Senate Bill 638— An act pro
viding for the allowance and payment of the
claim of F. W. Cook against the State of Cali
fornia, and making an appropriation therefor.
CHAPTER 2U — Senate Hill 711'— Appropriating
money to pay • the claim of the Santa Ana
Srnn.iard.
CHAPTER 215— Senate Bill "IS—Appropriat
ing money to pay the claim of ths Colusa Sun
Publishing Company.
CHAPTER 216— Senate Bill 668— An act mak
ing an appropriation to pay th»> claim of the
Daily Morninp Union for advertising constitu
tional amendments.
CHAPTER 217— Senate Bill 599— An act mak
ing an appropriation to pay the claim of tiie
San Francisco Bulletin fur advertising consti
tutional amendments for the year
CHAPTER 21S— Senate BUI 560— An aut mak
ing an to pay th»- claim
National Bulletin for advertising constitutional
amendments.
CHAPTER 219 Senate Bill 272— An act mak
ing an appropriation to pay the Bulletin for
advertising the constitutional amendments for
the year iv»;
CHAPTER 220-Senate Dill 575— An act mak
ing an appropriation to pay the claim of the
Report for advertising constitutional amend
ments.
CHAPTER 221— Senate Dill C7*— An act mak
ing an appropriation to pay the claim of the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 29, 1899.
Record for advertising
ments. . V
CHAPTER 222— Senate Bill 573— act mak
ing an appropriation to pay the claim of the
Sun for advertising constitutional amend
ments.
CHAPTER 223— Senate Bill 570— An act mak
ing an appropriation t.> pay the claim of the
Press Democrat for publishing the proposed
constitutional amendments.
CHAPTER 224- Senate Bill S67— An act mak
ing an apprDprl.it ion to pay the claim of the
Tribune Publishing Company for advertising
constitutional amendments.
CHAPTER 225— Senate BUI OT-An act mak
ing an appropriation t<> pay the claim of the
Alturas Plain Dealer for advertising constitu
tional amendments for the year 1898.
CHAPTER 220— Senate Bill 604— An net mak
ing an appropriation to pay the claim of the
Treka Journal for advertising constitutional
amendments for the year 1898.
CHAPTER OT- Senate Bill SOrt-An net mak
ing an appropriation to pay the claim of the
Mercury Publishing and Printing Company for
advertising constitutional amendments for the
year ly.<v
CHAPTER 22S— Senate Bill 6?l— An act mak
ing an appropriation to pay the claim of the
Fresno Evening Democrat.
CHAPTER 229 - Senate Hill 67?— An act to ap
propriate the sum of $2100 to pay the claim of
James A. DevotO, assignee of E. Patrizi and G.
Aimagla, owners and publishers of L'ltalla,
for money due and owing to the Faid James A.
. assignee as aforesaid for publishing
constitutional amendments.
CHATTER 230— Senate Bill 674— An act mak
ing an appropriation to pay the claim of the
Hollister Bee for advertising constitutional
amendments fr>r the year 1898.
CHAPTER 231— Senate Bill 72S—Appropriat
ing moneys for the payment of the claim of
The County Paper.
CHAPTER 232— Senate Bill 694—Appropriat
ing moneys to pay the claim of the River
News.
CHAPTER 233— Senate Bill 692—Appropriat
ing moneys to pay the claim of the Redwood
City Democrat.
CHAPTER 234-Senate Bill 643— An act nmk
inp an appropriation to pay the claim of the
Placer Herald, published in Auburn, for ad
vertising constitutional amendments for the
year '
CHAPTER 235— Senate Bill 522— An act to
provide for the advertising of the constitution
al amendments, and to make an appropriation
therefor.
CHAPTER 236— Senate Bill 72G—Appropriat
ing moneys to pay the claim of the "Weekly
New Era.
CHAPTER 237— Senate Bill 727—Appropriat
ing moneys to pay the claim or the Dally
Hanford Journal.
CHAPTER 23S— Senate Bill 562— An act mak
ing an appropriation to pay the claim of the
Daily Transcript for advertising constitutional
amendments.
CHAPTER 239— Senate Bill 650— An act mak
ing an appropriation to pay the claim of the
San Diego Yidette for advertising constitutional
amendments.
CHAPTER 240— Senate Bill 641— An act to
pay the claim of the Oakland Enquirer Pub
lishing Company and making an appropriation
ther> :
CHAPTER 241— Senate Bill 644— An act mak
ing an appropriation to pay the claim of the
Mountain Democrat of Placerville for advertis
ing constitutional amendments for the year
1898. authorized by the Governor of the State
of California.
CHAPTER 242— Senate Bill 645— An act mak
ing an appropriation to pay the claim nf M. 8.
Levy, proprietor and publisher of the Jewish
Times and Observer, for advertising consti
tutional amendments.
CHAPTER 243— Senate Bill oS4— Appropriating
ya to pay the claim of the Vacaville Re
porter.
CHAPTER 244— Senate Bill 685— Appropriating
moneys to pay the claim of the Vallejo Times.
CHAPTER 245— Senate Bill 707— Appropriating;
moneys to pay the claim of Le Franco rali
fornien.
CHAPTER 246— Senate Bill 64'V-An act pro
viding for the allowance and payment of the
claim of R. E. Baer against the State of Cali
fornia and making an appropriation therefor.
CHAPTER 247— Senate Bill 591— An act mak
ing an appropriation to pay the claim of the
Marin County Tocsin for advertising constitu
tional amendments for the year 1898.
CHAPTER 24^-Senate Bill 653— An act to pay
the claim of the News Publishing Company for
official advertising.
CHAPTER 249— Senate Bill 6?2— Mnklng an
appropriation to pay the claim of the River
side Daily Enterprise.
CHAPTER 250— Senate Bill 698—Appropri
ating moneys to pay the claim of the Daily
,dent.
CHAPTKR 251— Assembly Bill 440— Act au
thorizing the granting by boards of supervisors
and municipal authorities of cities and towns,
franchises for the construction of piers and
wharves for terminal purpoa
CHAPTER 262— Senate Bill 155— An act to
amend Bectlon '.772 of an act entitled "An act
to establish a Code of Civil Procedure." Ap
proved March 11. 1572. relating to the powers
of guardians In partition.
CHAPTER 258— Assembly Bill 542— Relating
to the office of Lake Tahoe Road Commis
sioner.
The Governor also signed the following con
nal amendments:
CHAPTER 35— Senate Amendment 4—Propos
ing to the people of the State of California
an amendment to the constitution by adding a
new section, to be known as se.-tion 2- 2 , arti
cle 11. concerning primary elections.
CHAPTER 36— Senate Amendment 9— Relative
pensatlon of Supreme and Superior
Court Judges.
CHAPTER 37— Senate Amendment 22—Relat
ing to the Judiciary and establishing courts of
appeal.
The following unsigned bills remain In the
hands cf the Governor:
Senate bills 7. 10, 22, 47, 54, £6, 58 and 194 sub
stitute; 59, 68, 70, 73, 76, 80, 86, 93, 119, 142 (159,
204,- 453 substitute), 146. 166. 177. 202 . - or> - 206 >
207 210, 215, 218, 240, 282. 283, 284, 287, 300, 318,
324 - 825 330 349, 358, 360, 402, 422, 438. 440, 450.
459' 457 624, 536. 554. 622, 623. 624, 651, 662, 712,
735, 737. 739, 740, 741, 742, 744. 745. 746, 747, 750.
Assembly bills 4. 5, 20, 24. 25. 33. 37. 38, 44,
92 118. 127. 138, 139. 159, 237. 252. 266, 274, 2*3.
292 303 305 80», 325, 334, 346. 351, 352, 368, 373,
376' 385 41 1. 417, 423, 424. 435, 438, 441, 447, 449,
(64 525 638, 660, 662, 574, 582, 583. 694, 597, 602,
603.' 60.-., 606, 617, 625, 629, 637. 644. 651. 660, 664.
865 666 667, 6»>B, 677, 690, 692, 695, 696, 697, 726.
728 729 730 733, 741, 745, 754, 755, 766, 765, 846,
847* 877' S7S, 89», 937, 946, 988. 994, 995, 1003, 10/)5.
1008. 1009, 1010, 1011, 1012, 1014.
Among the unsigned Senate bills are the fol-<
lowlnsr *
Chapman's, No. 7, for the relief of John Mul
len; Leavltfs. No. 22, creating State Board of
Harbor Commissioners for Oakland; Nun's.
No. 47, for Improvement of San Diego harbor:
Braunhart's, No. 54, for extension of seawall
and It-sue of bonds; Dickinson's, No. 59, for
inspection of dairies; Wolfe's, No. 240, to regu
late the practice of pharmacy; Leavltt's. No.
330 to transfer $2.10.000 to Oakland harbor fund:
also Dickinson's bill. No. 349, to reorganize the
National Guard; Stratton's bill. 33*. to test
voting machines; Ashe's bill, No. 487, relating
to employment agencies; Currier's bill, 524,
relating to Irrigation districts; also many bills
for Improvements and repairs of buildings,
purchase of lands and construction of reser
voirs at public institutions.
Among the unsigned Assembly bills are the
following:
Cobb's bill. No. 118, to regulate the practice
of horseshoeing; Atherton's, No. 127. to pur
chase additional land at Folsom; Johnson's,
No 139 to transfer ?40,000 from the. general
fund to' the school book fund; Belshaw's bill,
334 authorizing the transfer of money from the
San Francisco harbor Improvement fund to the
San Francisco depot sinking fund; Valentine's,
No 435 authorizing counties to levy special
tax for exposition displays; Johnson's bill, 438,
authorizing women to vote at school elections;
Stewart's bill. 447, to regulate the sale and
distribution of appropriated waters; Burnett's
bill 594. to appropriate $25,000 to reimburse
Clans Spreckels for money advanced to the
State- Cobb's bill, 728, to appropriate money
for San Francisco exposition; Caminetti's, 745,
to abolish the office of quarantine officer, San
Francisco; Brown's bill, 899, to enable steam
railroad companies to complete their railroads;
Caminetti's, 988, to authorize the order of Na
tive Sons to use the great seal of the State In
the making of medals to he presented to Cali
fornia troops. jj'Vv-
ACCIDENTS TO BOYS.
One Has His Left Arm Broken and
the Other a Bullet in His
Left Hand.
Charles Hunter, a boy seven years of
ape living at 16 Hampton place, was
treated at the Receiving Hospital yester
day for a broken left arm. He and sev
eral Other boys were standing on the cor
ner of Hampton place and Folsom street,
when Frank Peterson,, a boy of 13 years
of age, insisted upon fighting Hunter.
The small boy declined and Peterson
struck him a violent blow on the left el
bow, breaking his arm.
1-Vrdinand Moldenhauer, a boy living
at 714 Clementina street, was playing with
;i toy pistol yesterday, when it exploded
and the bullet entered his left hand. He
wont to the Receiving Hospital, where
Hit bullet was extracted and the wound
i ln BBed.
Dewey Day Celebration.
The committee of arrangements for the
celebration of "Dewey Day," May 1, will
meet at the Occidental Hotel on Thursday
evening, March 30.
MURDER CHARGE
MAY BE BROUGHT
Pittsburg Clubman in
Trouble.
HIS RIVAL IN LOVE SLAIN
GBAND JURY PROBABLY WILL
INDICT HIM.
Report That B. C. Bakewell Is to Be
Accused of the Killing of Thomas
Pinckney of Charles- '
ton.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ATLANTA, Ga., March 28.— A special
from Charleston, S. C, says that the
Grand Jury which is trying to solve the
mystery surrounding the death of
Thomas Pinckney, who was killed sev
eral weeks ago, supposedly by foot
pads, will bring in a presentment this
week calculated to cause the biggest
sensation known in that city for years.
The latest sensation ha£ been caused
by the efforts of the Grand Jury to
learn further facts about Benjamin C.
Bakewell of Pittsburg, who, it is al
leged, is engaged to Miss Elizabeth
Barden, the young lady on whom
Pinckney was calling the night he was
shot.
PITTSBURG, Pa., March 28.— 8. C.
Bakewell is a prominent society and
club man of Pittsburg.
Pinckney was murdered on Saturday
night, February 25, Just after having
called on Miss Elizabeth Barden, a so
cial favorite, to whom he had paid at
tention for a year or more as a suitor.
B. C. Bakewell of Pittsburg had also
been paying the young woman atten
tion for a year or more and their en
gagement had been announced, though
no date had been fixed for the marriage.
Pinckney and Bakewell were the best
of friends before and after Bake well's
engagement to Miss Barden.
Charles Wharton, a brother-in-law of
B. C. Bakeweil, and who speaks for
him, was seen to-night. He said:
"B. C. Bakewell, my brother-in-law,
is well known in Pittsburgh business
and social life. The Friday night be
fore young Pinckney was murdered in
Charleston my brother-in-law left
Pittsburg for Charleston. He arrived
in Charleston, S. C, the following Sun
day morning at 7:45 o'clock, the morn
ing after Pinckney had been murdered.
When the Coroner's inquest was held
Mr. Bakewell was examined on the
strength of the many wild rumors that
had been set alloat connecting his
name with the crime. He courted an
investigation and showed conclusively
by the trainmen with whom he had
traveled all the night of the murder
that it was impossible for him to have
been within several hundred miles of
the scene of the crime at the time it
occurred. His alibi was established be
yond question and the matter was then
dropped.
"1 cannot believe that the Grand Jury
is seriously considering the question of
finding an indictment against Mr.
Bakewell. If such action should be
taken, however, Mr. Bakewell will go
to Charleston at once and will have no
trouble in establishing an alibi as to
his -whereabouts the night of the mur
der that will leave no doubt in the
mind of any sane man of his inno
cence."
The Bakewell family is one of the
oldest and most prominent in this sec
tion of the State, having been prom
inently identified with the industrial,
educational and social development of
Pittsburg during the past century.
DRUGGED AND ROBBED
OF HIS VALUABLES
M. LUTHER GIVEN "KNOCKOUT"
DROPS IN A SALOON.
He Pays Dearly for Drinking With
Sociable Strangers in a Dupont
Street Resort.
Mi not Luther, who resides at 634%
Broadway, visited police headquartera
last night and reported that he had been
druggtMi and robbed by two unknown
men on Dupont street Sunday evening.
He stated he was on his way home and
stopped at a saloon for some refresh
ments, and while imbibing at the bar the
men he accuses of having drugged him
struck up a conversation. Another round
of drinks was taken and Luther left tho
place.
He had not gone many steps when the
"knockout" drops began to take effect
on him. The robbers followed closely, be
hind him, and seeing their prey was help.
le. , lerked him into a dark doorway and
relieved him of his watch and chain and
a large sum of money.
Although in a bad condition, Luther
managed to stagger to his home and
when he arrived there tho effects of the
drug had worn off and he discovered he
had lost his valuables. At first he was
ashamed to disclose that he had been
robbed, but the desire to regain p
sion of tho watch, which he values high
ly, it having been presented to him. de
cid.ed him to notify the police. Shortly
after he had reported his loss last even
ing he> w;is asked to toll how the robbery
occurred. He was averse to having his
name made public in connection with the
affair, and declared that he could not
remember the place in which he met the
robbers or describe their appearance, as
the drug seemed to have effaced them
from his memory. Detectives Sullivan
and Harper have benn detailed on the
case and expect to land the "knockout"
men.
FORMAL TRANSFER BEGINS.
Valley Road Deeds a Valuable Piece
of Property to the Santa Fe
Company.
The first formal transfer of property
from the San Francisco and San Joaquin
Valley Railway Company to the Santa
Fe road was made yesterday. The trans
fer was of the piece of property at the
corner of Sptar and Harrison streets,
which was originally purchased by the
Valley road for warehouse purposes. It
is valued at $381,000. The deed of trans
frr was filed with the County Recorder
late yesterday afternoon. It is signed by
Claus Spreckels as president and Alex
ander Mackie as secretary of the San
Francisc-o and San Joaquin Valley Rail
way Company. The Santa Fe Terminal |
Company is named as the grantee. The
property extends 137 feet 6 inches on
Spear street, beginning: at the corner of
Harrison, and has a depth of 45 feet 10
inches.
Davis Died of Consumption.
H. Ww Davis, the man who died sud
denly last Monday night in a lodging
house at No. 44 Third street, was iden
tified yesterday as formerly a Deputy
Fish Commissioner and had been work
ing for H. Emerie at San Pablo. An ex
amination of the remains showed that
consumption was the cause of death.
The dead man has relatives in Grass
Valley and was married.
He came to this city from San Pablo
for medical attendance a day or two be
fore he died. He was only 34 years old.
A Coincidence in Names.
In yesterday's Call mention was made
of the death of H. W. Davis, a deputy
constable of San Pedro, who expired
nfter a short illness in the Winchester
House on Third street. A large number
of people supposed that the dead man waa
a brother of Deputy Fish Commis
John H. Davis, but such is not the case.
The peculiarity of the situation is that
the deceased and John Davis' f.rother
have the same initials and both have been
deputy constables at San Pedro. The dead
man held his position as an officer by
virtue of being a game keeper for one of
the hunting clubs in Contra Costa County,
while the other Davis was a regularly ap
pointed officer.
To Receive lan Maclaren.
A meeting was held yesterday afternoon
in the parlors of the Palace Hotel by a
committee consisting of Rev. Dr. John
Hemphill. James A. Horsburgh. Rev. Dr.
H. C. Minton; James S. Webster, presi
dent of St. Andrew's Society; Andrew
Wilkle, James McNab, Samuel Irving,
John McLaren and a number of promi
nent citizens, to arrange for a luncheon
and reception to be tendered to "lan
Maelaren" (Rev. Dr. Watson, D.D.), the
famous author and divine, which will
take place in the Maple Room of the
Palace Hotel on Wednesday next, the day
of the arrival of Dr. Watson. A meet
ing takes place to-day to complete all of
the further details.
Now in Possession.
A meeting of the Bank Commissioners
was held yesterday and t"he recent de
cision of the Supreme Court was sub
mitted. This was in the case of Charles
F. Braslan against the Superior Court of
Santa Clara County, in which the peti
tioner Bought to establish his right to
the position of director of the Union
Hank of San Jope, now in liquidation.
The Supreme Court decided that the di
rectors appointed by order of Judge I.or
igan, which ousted Braslan. were legally
appointed. Upon this showing the Bank
Commissioners yesterday decided to
turn over the assets of the bank to the
new directors.
Merchants' Association Meeting.
The quarterly meeting of the Mer
chants' Association will be held at the
Academy of Sciences Hall, 819 Market
street, Thursday evening, March 30, at 8
o'clock. The special subject for discus
sion will be the future municipal plan for
the city, with special reference to the re
quest of the Board of Supervisors to pass
upon the needs of the city and the $1 limit
of taxation. In addition to this special
subject for consideration, members are in
vited to offer suggestions upon any ques
tions of importance to the city or of In
terest to the association. The quarterly
report of the board of directors will be
submitted.
Opticians in Session.
Th.-> California Association of Opticians
.held its second regular meeting in Fra
ternal Hall, Alcazar building, last night.
The chief business was the adoption of a
complete set of by laws and the election
of some additional nfncers. The officers
now are F. C. Clum, president; I. A.
Baretla, vice president; L. <;. Schneider,
secretary; W. !i. Hunt, treasurer; R.
Bruce M'agee, O. Granicher, E. ML Achley
and William Johnson, directors. It was
decided to hold the next meeting in this
city.
Cordelia Botkin's Case.
Cordelia Botkin was granted a further
stay of execution for twenty days by
Judge Cook yesterday in order that her
attorneys can file amendments to the bill
of exceptions on appeal of her case to the
Supreme Sourt. The granting of the stay
is In no way a favor to the prisoner, but
is simply a matter of formality and a con
cession always granted when a defend
ant's counsel desires more time to prepare
his case on appeal.
Died From a Hemorrhage.
A ship's steward named Clifford Halnes
was picked up last evening at Stockton
and Market streets in an unconscious con
dition, tho result of a hemorrhage of the
lung's. He died while being taken to the
Receiving Hospital. On his person was
found a discharge paper as second
steward on the steamship City of Colum
bia, dated at Honolulu. A "hypo" outfit
was also found in his pockets. He had
been in ill health for some time past.
HERE'S HEALTH
TO EVERY ONE.
MARVELOUS POPULARITY OF
A WONDERFUL SPECIFIC.
TRIUMPHS OF
A GREAT REMEDY
FULLY DEMONSTRATED.
Physicians Marvel at
the Results of Hudyan.
TO BUILD UP YOUR SYSTEM AND RE-
STORE YOUR STRENGTH, INVIGORATE
YOUR LIVER AND CORRECT YOUR DI-
GESTION, TO STRENGHTEN YOUR
NERVES AND GIVE AN APPETITE, TAKE
THAT EXCELLENT MEDICINE— HUDYAN.
HUDYAN expels diseases and gives the pa-
tient health and happiness where sickness,
gloomy feelings and lassitude first prevailed.
HUDYAN has cured thousands and thousands
and continues to cure.
And why Is this so?
It Is because HUDYAN assists nature.
HUDYAN assists in expelling Impurities from
the body. HUDYAN establishes a perfect di-
gestion. it promotes perfect assimilation, It
stimulates to perfect action those organs that
take away the waste matter of the body. HUD-
TAN acts upon the entire organism. It tones
the nervous system, and cures all nervous dis-
orders. If HUDYAN did not possess genuine
merit, it would not have secured the profound
confidence of a multitude of people. If HUD-
TAN did not possess remedial virtue. It would
not be endorsed by thousands of people.
HUDYAN stands at the head of all specifics.
Medican men have pronounced it a most val-
able remedy.
HUDYAN cures all diseases of the Stomach
— Liver — Kidneys — Nervous System — Blood.
HUDYAN cures Constipation and Headaches.
HUDYAN is 60c a package, or six packages
for $2.50. For sale by druggists, or sent direct
upon receipt of price. . Call or write the
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Cor. Stockton, Ellis and Market Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
You May Consult the Hudyan Doctors Free.
CALL OR WRITE.
D"DTTOUI7Q FOR barbers, bak-
DuUOilijO <•".. bootblacks, bath,
houses, billiard tablet,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannera,
dyers, flournillls. foundries, laundries, paper*
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories.
stablemen, tar-roofer*, tanners, tailors, «to.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento 3b
FASCINATING /^
COMPLEXIONS^*^
That soft, smooth, rose-tinted vSjt, or
complexion so much desired can * f£ -^
be obtained bythe use of WOODBURVB facial
Soap and Facial Cream. They pooeii marvel-
ous power for brightening the color, Riving
new life and tone to the skin; beautifying and
preserving the complexion.
IA/. T. HESS,
JTOTART PUBLIC AND ATTORNKT-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor. Room 1016, Clam Sprockets Bid*
Telephone Brown Ml.
Residence. 821 California «t., below Powell.
Ban Francisco. . - r • ,
DON'T DESPAIR!
An American Scientist's
Great Work.
Consumption, Asthma, Pneumonia, La Grippe
and All Lung and Bronchial Troubles Can
be Positively and Permanently Cured.
DR. SLOCUM'S SYSTEM OF TREATMENT HAS
REVOLUTIONIZED OLD-TIME THEORIES.
A Free Course of Treatment for All Sufferers for the Mere Asking
Don't despair if you are a victim of consumption or any form of bronchial
or luner trouble.
Modern science can quickly relieve and permanently cure yriu.
Scientists in the last decade have been patiently and steadily to
alleviate the ills of suffering humanity with marvelous results. This is an
age of progression, and some wonderful strides have been made during he
past few years in the treatment of diseases that have hitherto baffled the
worst form of lung trouble, has been found amenable to
treatment and can be positively and permanently cured by the Dr Slocum
System of Treatment. The system consists of four remedies which act si-
multaneously and supplement each other's curative action.
If you are enthralled in the grasp of this grim destroyer take courage,
don't lose hope. Hope and faith will win a great battle for you. and remem-
ber the first course of treatment is absolutely free for the. asking to all reaa-
ers of The Daily Call who will sen-} their name, postoffice and express ad-
dress to Dr. T. A. Slocum, 98 Pine Street. New York City.
Many sufferers who were on the brink of despair are now enjoying ro-bust
health and are living witnesses to the marvelous results achieved for them.
What has been done for thousands of others can be done for you. There-
fore take heed— take courage— at this glorious news.
Dr. Slocum has thousands of testimonials from patients in every State in
the Union, evidencing what has been done for them and expressive of their
gratitude. Every first-class druggist dispenses the Slocum System of Treat-
ment in large, original packages, with full directions for use.
The offer of a cure is open to you. Do you wish to avail yourself of it?
Let us try to help you, for we know we can, and will do so, if you say the
word.
WRITE TO THE DOCTOR.
Send your name, post office and express address to Dr. T. A. Slocum, 9&
Pine Street, New York City, and FOUR FREE PREPARATIONS will be
sent you that will afford you immediate relief.
When writing, please mention that you saw this offer in the San Fran-
cisco Daily Call. .
BAIL ROAD TBAVEL.
SOITIIKIISI r*«iriC t'«BPAI(I.
(rAoirio htstbm.)
Train i»s?» »»uti are ilim to arrive at
MAN ritANCINCU.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street.)
uati — From Deo. 18, 1838. — linn
•0:OOa Nile*. San Jose »nd Way Stations... *»:4lil
7:00 a Benloia, Suisuc and Sacramento.... 3: »3f
TioOa MsrjrsTlUa, OrovUleauJ IltiUling tte
•Woodland 5t45»
T:O*a Elmlra, V acarllle and Ruiiiaey Bi43t
7 i 8« a MarUnex, San IUniOC, Vullejo. Kapa,
CalUtoga and Santa Rosa oil3r
OtOOA Atlantic Express, (;k<lfii and r.»!rt.. Si«Hr
•iSOa San .lose. LiTeraiore, Btockt»u,
lone, Sacr&meuto, Plao-rrlUe.
MarysTlllr. Ohico, lte.l ISliiff 4ilBp
(I:»Oa *Mi!t.uu, Otkdaic and JiOicsiwwn.., 4:13p
tiOOi Mart'.-, -z. Tncj. LaUirov, Stockton,
Merced led Fresno l»iI8»
t<«OA Fresno, Uakeratiolil. "Santa llnrlmra,
Los Ai'fEcU'*, Doming, El Paso,
K<nr Orluaus and East Hi43r
lOiOOa Vallejo, Martinez »nd War Stations ~» 13»
I*iOOk mint, Uiermore. stock ion, Hacra-
mento, Mendota. 11 ford, VUalla,
Porvrrllle -«2lB»
•liOOf Sacramento Hirer Sternum «SiOOr
' 4t4»or Martinez, Kan lUmon, Vallejo,
Napa, CalUtogii, HanU Rosa 9i13»
«iOOr Benlda, Vacavllle. Haoram<>iit<\
Wooitland, Knights Landing.
MansrUle, Oro»lll« 10:1.1 a
4i3orNUes, San Jose and! Stockton 7:13»
OiOOrSan FranciaiX) and Los Angeles
Limited Fresno. Bakersfield, Los
Angeles... B I*9 A
OiSOr Stockton, Merced. Fresno. 12:13*
Ki3Or Maitiurc. Tracy, Uondota, Fresno,
MoJstb, Hauta ITarbaia «jul Ix>s
Auifi.s Si4Ba
|B:OOPPacinc Coast Limited, El Paso.
Fort Worth, Little Hock, St.
Louis, Cnlcaro and East 19:45 A
•iB»r rtautm Vk1u,,,... a^uSc i.»i>r»« ,
for Mojare an.l ICiut a:43*
f:O«p i:>iroprnii Malt, 4)(il«ii and Kut «:-I3a
0:OOf naywards, Niks and San Jose 7:1.1 a
••:»Or Vallejo IBil3f
t?tOOp Vallejo, Port Cost* and Way Sta-
tions J8:4.-»»
ItUOr Oregon ICi|iram, Hacrameiitii, Marys-
• !*!<•. UcMliif, forUaiKl, I'ufet
Bound ami i:»el SiISA
al*t4>Sp Sansot Limited. Fresno, l.cs
Angeles, Xl Pwo. New Orleans
and East t1.43y
' MAS IiKANUUO AM» IIAYWAUDS LOCAL. '
(Foot of Market Street.)
■ plro«<>, Semliinry Pnrk, f
8:OOa Kltehbar*;, Klmiiumt, flifl>4
<9iO4a Han I.rs.n<lro, South San 1*0:4.14
10.00 a I.eamlro, J'jiln.llllo, 10:45*
<11i»Oa Lorenzo, Cherrj • I«i*sf
8>«0p anil « I :•!•■»»
Oio«p Hayward*. I *''
»i«Of { RnM throuijh to Nile*. 7«43»
J I From Slles. L__—
L COAST DIVISION (XnrroiT «nnge).
__-• (Foot of Market Street.)
*~iil3A. Newark. Onto>r?llle.Ban.lo«e, Felton,
Eoalder Greek, Santa Oruz and Way
Station*. Bi3t»
•««1 5r Newark CeoterTllle, Ban Jose, New
Almaden, Fulton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Oruz and Principal Wai
Station* •IOs3»»
«ilSp Newark, S«n Jose and Los Oatofl... B:**A
fllt43p Hunters' Bxourslon, San Jose and
Way SUtlon »... &>**!
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtsiSDi m»0IS0O— Tui of M.rkit Str.it (Slip 8)—
•7:15 0:00 11:00*. m. tl:00 *9:00 »:0l
•4:00 18:00 *8:00r.M.
PraaOllUlD— *r Brad w»t.— "0:00 8:00 10:00 i.«.
tI2:CO •1:35 t«:OC *3:03 M:00 >B:00rja,
COASt DIVISION (Broad ti»*ge).
(Third and Townaend 3 t0.)
' Ti*Oa Ban Jose and War Stations (New __
Almadea Wednesdays only) liMs>
••••a H»h Joss, Tres Duos, Hauta Cms.
Paclitc OroT*. Paso Hobles, Baa
I.nls Oliispo, Qnadalupe, Surf and
Prlnolpal Way' Stations 4il*r
l»i«o» Ban .loss an.l Way Stations *BiOOa
lIiSOa San Jnse and Way Stations Bi3o*
*Si43rgan Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San .!<««,
Ollroy, Hollister, Santa Cruz.
Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
dro»e MOiSta
•»t»Of San Jose aad Way Stations »9:i1«4
•* 1 1 3 r San Jose an. i Principal Wuy Stations 0 : 4 3 a
•3:eor San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:33 a
3i3or San Jose ami Prinoipal Way Station* 3:80?
«t:il»p San Jose and Way Stations 7-.SOF
f11:43p San Jose and Way Stations 7»80r
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Huiidays sxeeoted. I Sundays only ♦ Saturdays only
and Thursdays. aTn«sdays and Saturday*.
{Saturdays and Wednesdays. 6Thui and Sundays.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Vl.-i Snusallto Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— »7:2O. »9:30. 11:00 a. m. ; «1:45,
1:45, 6:15. *6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mon-
days, Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »B:OO. »10:00, »ll:20 a. m.; n:U,
1:00, *4:SO. 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— •6:36. 7:45. »9:80 a. m. ;
•12:10, ::4C. *3:*5, 6:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*. "Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. •s:«>. 10:00, •11:6* a. m.;
n:is, # S:10. 4:40. *8:20 p. m. :■,;,-:.,
Trains marked • start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN Francisco.
WEEK DATS— 6:45. 7:56. 9:40 a. m. :
11.J6, 2:45. 3:00 6.20 p. m. '
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturday* at 7:00 i m.
BUNDAYB-«:00. 10:05 a. m. : 13:05. 1:JO. 8:30.
1:00. 6.80 p. in
THROUGH TRAINS.
T:M a. m. week day* — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:46 p. i%. Saturdays— Duncan Mill* and way
stations
1:30 a in. Sunday*— Duncan Mills and way sta's.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY,
From Jan. US. 1891. train* will run as follows;
Bouth-bound. ~ North-bound.
*■»"«"- Mixed. Mixed. Pass*n-
ger. Sunday Station*. Sunday ger
Pi"/- E «^^<> Exo'ptd Dally.
7:10 am 10:80 am Stockton 8:45 pm ~e:00^r»
•l.'ani irOd^m Merced 13:40 pro 4:13 pm
19149 6:3$ pm Fresno 1:30 am ZAtprn
i : If * m I : iJt' m Hanford 7:45 am 1:43 prn
.? ;JtpmlJ;»lin Bak«r*fleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
11 am 8:15 pru Vlsalla 8:40 ami 1:22 pm
»il6 pml 6:63 j>m[ Tui are 6:50 ami 1:08 prn
Stopping at Intermediate point* a* required.
or particulars of stag* and other connection*
Inquire at Trafflc Manager's Office, S3l Market
itreit, gj^rmnc Weo^ - - * ■
BAXLBOAD TRAVEL. - _'__
CALIFORNIA NORTHVESTEEJ! IT. CO.
LBSBEIB]
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIO
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tfbnron Perry. Foot ©• Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO BAN RiJABL.
WEEK DATS— •;», 1:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 11: Mb
I:M, 5:1«, 6:10 p. m. Thursdars— trl»
at 11:30 p. ra. Saturday*— trips at I:6*
and 11:80 p. m- ■
$yNDATS-3:007 9:10, 11:00 a. m. : 1:80. I: SO.
b:00 • 6:20 p. m.
dAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
VTSSK DATS— 6:IO. T;5O, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. : U:4BL
8:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trip* at
1-56 and 6:85 P. m.
JSUNDATS-«:l6. 9:40. 11:18 a. m.: I:4* »:*•,
SOC 6:M p. m.
Between Ban Francisoo and Bchuets*n Park
yarns schedule a*, above. ■■ -.
Leave Arrive •
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Fsanolso*.
, October 16, ■ |
Week : Sun- 18S1 . 9un- i Week
Days. Day*. Destination, days. 1 days.
V:80 am 8:00 am! Norato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:S0 pm' 9:80 am Petaluma 8:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pin Santa Rosa, 7:»J prja 6:22 pm
I Fulton, '
t:80 am Windsor, WrU a*
Hea4dst>urg.
Lytton,
G«ye«rvlUe,
8: SO pm 8:00 am Clpverdale. 7:BCpm <:U p«S
Hoplaad and
T:SO am Uklah. 1-» pm 6:83 pm
7:30 am I 10:88 am
8:00 am OnrneyvlHe.. 7:88 pm
3:80 pra| 6:88 pra
7:84 am 8:00 an> Sonoma 10:40 ami 1:40 ana
and.
6:10 pm 6:CO pm Glen Ellen. «:10 pm 6:23 pta
7:30 am 8:00 am B«bastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
3iM pun 6:00 ptrj 7:86 pm| »iM pm
' Stares connect at Santa Rosa for Mark WtsC
firings: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
er-.-i:Te for Ska^rw 8prln»:*: at Clovsrdale tot
the Geysers; at Hopland tcr Duncan Springs,'
IlUhlar.d" Springs, K»l*eyvl!le. Carlsbad
springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
BpHngß; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Barato*a.
Fpr'.ng-e. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Pprings, Upper Lake. Porno, Potttr Valley.
John Day'B. Riverside* Lderl«y"s. Bucknsirs.
t>anhedrin Heights, Hull-rUle, Boonevllle, Orr'»
Hot Springs, Mandoclno City, Fort Bragg,
nVftport, tsal. U'lllltts. LaytonvlUe. Cum*
ping's. Bell's Spring*, Harris. Olsen's, Dy«r,
Pcotia and Eureka
: Saturday to Monday round trip ticket* **J
reduced rates.
- On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond S&n Rafael at half rates.'
1 Ticket Offices, 660 Market St.. Chronicle btd«.
H. C. WHITIVO, R. X. RTA?», ;
1 GaxLorol Ma&azer. . Gen. Pass Axc&i»
California
Limited
Santa ft Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 3
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES-
DAY, FRIDAY. : *, ■
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. th»
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at l:3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Electrlo
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SAN FRANCISCO lICKETIfTICE— ill MARKET SI.
TELEPHONE MAIN 15JL
Oakland Offioe— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Offioe— 2ol £ Street.'
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara St.
A Superb Train
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
*^P u Union Pacific,
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUTJHANGE.
BUFFET SMOKING AND LIBRARY CARS
WITH BARBER SHOP. .• /
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS.
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST" SLEEPERS. |
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE). • ( jj
ONLY DAYS TO CHICAGO. ; ; •<'
Leaves San Francisco dally at 6 p. m. ■*;
D. W. HITCHCOCK, General Agent.
No. 1 Montgomery street, San Francisoo, - '
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.'
(Via Sausallto rerry.)
Leave Ban Francisco, commencing: ; Sunday* "
Bept: 11. IS9S: . -
Week Day*— a. m.. 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo, 10:00. 11:80 a. m.. 1:16 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, 11. ' ■ .
THOS. OPOK & SON. Agents. 821 Market
street. San Francisco. •. .
Weekly Call 9 51.00 per YearGENERAL EAGAN TO
TESTIFY BEFORE
THE BEEF BOARD
The War Department's Scape
goat Will Give His Side
of the Case,
WASHINGTON, March 2S —
ral Eagan, formerly com
- iry general <>f subsistence.
arrived here to-day. H<> will tes
tify before the board, probably
on Wednesday.
•*■-♦■♦ ♦ +.+ ♦♦■♦- + + + ♦ + -♦-
WASHINGTON, March 28.— Captain
George B. Davis, commissary of sub
sistence, was the first witness to appear
before the beef Inquiry court to-day.
He was on duty in the office of the
commissary general and assisted in
preparing the Santiago beef contract
with Swift & Co., dealing especially
with the preparation of the clause coy
. erihg the time the beef was to be kept
: in refrigerators on shore. He had
talked with General Eagan on this
". subject when the contract was In course
..of preparation, and had understood
.from him that the beef was to be kept
in refrigerators seventy-two hours
after its arrival.
" \Captain Davis detailed some in
.etances in which the hoards of survey
; had examined beef which had been
complained of while in the refrigerator.
One instance occurred at Manzanillo
]' and another at Santiago. In the first
. the beef was condemned, and in the lat
ter a part of it was.
In reply to Major Lee Captain Davis
v paid the understanding in the commis
sary general's office was that th beef
was to be kept good for seventy-two
hour? by the contractors after leaving
the ship, providing good" care was
taken of it.
'•■This was the extreme limit." he said,
"but it was not supposed that the beef
•would he kept for more than twenty
four hours."
Captain Davis said he had heard
something of the Powell process for
preserving beef: that a proposition was
made before the beginning of the war
and after General Weston had brought
the proceedings to the attention of the
department as the result of experi
■ ments made with it at Tampa about the
time of the sailing of the Santiago ex
pedition.•
Major Lee pointed out the apparent
discrepancy in Captain Davis' and Gen
eral Eagan's testimony as to the condi
tions under which beef was to be kept
for seventy-two hours after arrival at
its destination. He read General Ea
par- statement saying it was his
intention that the beef should be good
for seventy-two hours, "no difference
where taken from," and saying that the
twenty-four-hour clause , must be a
CUBANS COME FOR
AMERICAN GOLD
Assembly Agents Reach
Washington.
; • The Call.
WASHINGTON, March 28.— Senors
Jose R. Villalon and A. Heva, who were
appointed by the Cuban assembly to
present to the Washington authorities
the resolutions of that body, have ar
rived in this city. Their mission, in
tion to the presentation of the reso
lutions, is to explain in detail the situa
tion with reference to the insurgent
army. While the assembly did not re
ject the $3,000,000 which General Gomez
arranged with Robert P. Porter to re
ceive and pay off the Cuban troops,
they believed it to be entirely inade
quate to meet the situation. They de
sire at least $10,000, 000, and as much
more as can be obtained. They argue
that if the Cuban army is disbanded
after the distribution of but $3,000,000,
which would give to each enlisted man
about $68, the money so obtained would
be barely sufficient for them to procure
s ami return to their homes, leav
ing them no margin upon which to en
ter upon the peaceful pursuits of life.
Without the means of subsistence,
- Villalon says, disorders would
almost Inevitably follow and perhaps
brigandage. The object both of the
United States and of the assembly, says
Senor Villalon, is to secure tranquility
In Cuba preparatory' to the setting up
by the Cuban people of an independent
government and he says it is, therefore.
as much to the interests of the United
States authorities as to those who im
mediately represent th*> Cuban patri
ots that the disbanded soldiers be
given an opportunity to return to civil
pursuits.
The assembly represents, r.ot the Cu
ban people, Senor Villalon declares, but
only those who have been in arms
E trup- 'heir Independence.
Senor Villalon and his colleague will
probably sef-k an audience witn the
President himself. If this be denied
they will F p e the Secretary of War.
If the President receives these gen
tlemen it will be as visiting citizens.
■ In their representative capacity.
No =uch recognition will be accorded
♦hem If they desire to pr-sent a pc
- or request to this Government it
will have to go through the ordinary
channels. and in this instance it will
be through the military arm of the
■nment Such a petition, when
presented will be referred to General
ke as Military Governor of Cuba
a^d the one person authorized to deal
with Cuban affairs. It is also probable
Oiese Cubans will be told that any an
swer to the request or petition will
come from General Brooke.
COOMBS BANQUETED.
Marin County Natives Honor the
• Grand Orator.
SAN RAFAEL, March 28.— Grand Ora
toF Frank L- Coombs was banqueted by
Tamalp«.i3 Parlor No. 64, Native Sons of
the Golden West, last evening in honor
of his late appointment as United States
District Attorney. A large number of
numbers of the order and their friends
were present and passed an enjoyable
evening Mr. Coombs spoke for nearly
an hour in regard to the welfare of the
order and was followed in brief addresse
by Judge F. M. Angellottl and District
the banquet the parlor held a
meeting and elected delegates to the an
nual session of the grand Parlor at Sa
..Uiwls on April 24. The list of delegates of
fee three parlors of Marin County is as
follows:
. Tiir.alpais Parlor No. 64, San Rafael—
Mace* and W. J. Eden, with S. HerzoK and
: A. F. Miller as alternates. .
■ Sea Point Parlor No. ISS— J. H. Prycr ana
Wflliam Milton, with G«orge Ryan and Frank
Cain- as alternates. _, ../
Nlcaslo Parlor No. IS3— Joseph L«. Reading,
■with Hush J. ilclsaac as alternate. '
clerical error. He asked Captain Da
vis to reconcile the two statements, to
which request the captain responded
by saying:
"General Eagan had simply forgot
ten. Probably he had not seen the con
tract for six months. It is not custom
ary in such cases to depend upon the
memory, the contracts being on file,
and reference to them convenient and
usual."
' The witness said there had been con
siderable discussion in the office of the
commissary general of the feasibilty of
shipping beef on the hoof, but it had
been decided not to try the experiment,
because of the difficulty of getting
ships, of landing the cattle and of tak
ing care of them after landed. The
Subsistence Department had, however,
gone so far as to gather the names
of persons who might desire to hid.
Bernard F. Murtagh. also an agent
for Armour & Co. at Lakeland during
the presence of the troops, gave the
details of the supply there. He said
the beef was generally held in the cars
for three days, th- cars being well iced.
About one-third of the contents of one
car had been rejected and after this
the meat was shipped in refrigerator
boxes. Some of this boxed meat also
was rejected. Both Messrs. Murtach
and Smith testified that they had never
known anything of the use of preserva
tives, and both said that Sergeant
Mason, who testified that preservatives
had been used, had praised the quality
of the beef.
Charles 11. Morehouse, manager of
the Tampa branch of Armour & Co.'s
establishment, said that from Hay 20
to June 1, 29.000 pounds of ice was used
at Lakeland. He said the beef sup
plied to th^ troops was of the same
quality as that supplied to the Florida
hotels. No preservatives had been
used on the beef. He was willine to
take oath as to that. The principal
trouble was that some of the commis
sary officers knew nothing of b>- I
George W. Watson, railroad agent at
Lakeland, said he had often erono into
the cars in which the !;»-••£ was carried
and that the meat did not present any
unusual appearance. He had eaten
some of the rejected meat and had
found it to be as good beef as he had
ever tasted.
Th» afternoon session was executive
in character and was devoted princi
pally to the consideration of witnesses
tn be called in the future. It Is ex
-1 that Major Bla^k. who was a
member of General Miles' staff in Porto
Rico, and Captain Pomerny, who ac
companied the expedition as a .com
missary officer, will be heard to-mor
row, and that later in the week some
of th^ medical officers of the army will
appear on the stand.
GUARDING AGAINST
STRIFE IN SAMOA
America's Conciliatory
Note to Germany.
Special IMFi>atrh to The Call.
BERLIN', March 28.— Th<= correspond
ent here of the Associated Press has
obtained on the highest authority at
this capital the following explanation
of a feature of the Samoan question,
which has lately arisen: On the report
that the American Government had
cabled to its admiral at Samoa to act
in accordance with the decision of two
of the representatives of the Powers,
the German Government made earnest
representation to the American Em
bassador here. Andrew White, that the
Berlin treaty required the concurrence
of the three powers and called atten
tion to the dangers which were sure to
arise if there was anything like a vio
lation of the treaty.
The American Government made a
frank and conciliatory answer, which
■I much satisfaction here. It rec
ognized the necessity for unanimity
upon the part of all thre« powers under
the treaty as a condition of any settled
policy or permanent action and de
clared the admiral was authorized to
act in agreement with a majority of the
representatives of the powers only in
a case of emergency which absolutely
did not admit of delay; but in such
case ratification of adjustment
by unanimous vote of three powers
must be sought at the first possible
moment and no permanent arrange
ment may be made without such una
nimity.
The American Government, it is
is added, cabled to its representatives
in Samoa to maintain the most friendly
and conciliatory action toward the
German representatives and German
interests, carefully avoiding anything
likely to be misconstrued or to create
ill will.
In consequence of the stories regard
ing Mataafa having sanctioned secta
rian tyranny. th<* German Government
assured Mr. White that all its influence
would be exerted against interference
with the religion of any sect.
WASHINGTON*. March 28. — Th*
I facts stated in the preceding dispatch
i,are confirmed here. Its effect will be
! to allay any fears that may have been
j felt that a diplomatic rupture with
! Germany over the Samoan question
1 was possible. It is probable that an
i effort will now b>~ made by the three
governments to bring about a settle
\ ment of the matters in dispute. Mean
i while if any emergency should arise
' calling for immediate decision. Admiral
Kautz will support the majority of the
Governments represented. His orders
are intended to cover cases where one
of the representatives of the different
Governments refuses to consent to what
I a majority favors where immediate
i action is imperative.
REMAINS IN SAN FRANCISCO.
Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Office Will Not Be Bemoved.
SEATTLE, March '>.— President D. J.
Farrell of the Pacific Coast Company
said to-night that the removal of the gen
eral offices of the I ast Steam
ship Company from San Francisco to this
city was not contemplated.
Left All to His Widow.
LOS ANGELES. March 23.— The will of
Andrew Mullen, the Los Angeles mer
chant who died early in the present
month, was to-day admitted to prohate
by Judge Allen. By the provisions of the
will the testator's five children— Edward
F.. Arthur 8.. Marie R..Mrs. Alice T. Hoff
man and Genevieve — are each bequeathed
the nominal sum of $100. All the residue
of the estate, which is said to be worth
about $125,000, is devised absolutely to the
widow, Mrs. Mary Teresa Mullen.
THE SA2* FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 29, 1899.
PRISON BOARD
SAVES FARMERS
FROM A "CINCH"
Suspected Scheme to Corner San
Quentin Grain Bags Nipped
in the Bud.
— — -—
Big Contracts of Speculators Canceled
and a Resolution Restricting Sales
to Lots of 5000 According to
Law Adopted.
WHEBEAS, Owing to the boun
tiful rainfall during the last
few days all fear of a drought
has been removed; and whereas, the
: board for the purpose of filling the
revolving fund and continuing the
operation of the jute mill did believe
that an emergency existed which
justified the sale of bags in quanti
ties exceeding 5000; and whereas,
such emergency no longer exists;
therefore be it
RESOLVED, That henceforth no
order not already accepted for any
quantity exceeding 5000 bags to any
: one consumer shall be filled or ac
cepted; and further
RESOLVED. That the Warden, for
the purpose of making a wide dis
tribution among consumers of the
State of the prison-made bags, en
deavor to sell the quantity on hand
in lots of 5000 or less, and that the
authority conferred upon him to sell
in larger lots be revoked, and that all
orders for quantities exceeding 5000
lots not previously accepted be re
jected.
"When the State Board of Prison- Di
rectors met in special session in this city
last Saturday its one purpose was to in
vestigate what a member of the board
evidently thought a cleverly planned
scheme on the part of a "ring" of specu
lators to pain control of the grain bags
manufactured at the San Quentin jute
mill and "cinch" every farmer in the
State for a goodly percentage of the
profits of his labor. The apparently inno
cent resolution given in the foregoing,
adopted by the board at that meeting as
a result of their conference, means in
reality that the farmers are to he pro
tected from the threatened operations of a
gigantic "ring." It is estimated that the
quantity of grain harvested this year, in
view of the favorable weather conditions,
will be as vast as that of 1883, and the
amount that might have been wrung out
of the farmers by a corner on sacks would
have been enormous.
Not only did the board make it Impos
sible to prevent a wide distribution of
Backs by this order, but in view of their
belief that the manipulators of The sus
pected •Ting" had already made too good
progress in the plan to corner the output
c jutemill, it was found necessary
to cancel two late contracts calling for a
25,000 sacks.
In 1*93 th* legislature enacted a law
that no order shall be filled for any one
individual or firm during one year for
more than WOO grain bags, except on re
quest of the Warden and the unanimous
approval of the State Board of Prison
•ors. .The law further provides that
all orders for Jute goods must be accom
i by an affidavit setting f<">rth that
.-nount of goods contained in the or
der are for the individual and personal
use of the applicant.
A few months ago it was found neces
sary by the board, on account of the re
volving fund of $100,000 with which the ex
penses of running the jute mill are met
•:;:ng depleted, to authorize the War
den to dispose of 1,000,000 sacks in unlim
ited quantities. At two different times
after this, for the same reason, that offi-
c ial was empowered to sell 500. CM) sacks in
the same, manner. In this way 2,040,000
sacks were sold prior to the meeting c
last Saturday, which, with sales in lots
of 5000 amounted to 2,385,000 sacks sold
since January 1 of the present year up to
the time of adopting the order, which
renders a wide distribution of sacks a safe
proposition. .
A week or two ago a prominent firm nt
speculators of this city sens in an
gacks, which was shortly aft^r
followed by an order from another firm
for 25000 It seems that these unusually
orders excited the suspicion of Di
- James H. Wilkins of San Rafael
for more reasons than one. In the !ir«"
the provisions of the board for the
relief of the revolving fund by which the
jute mill is run had resulted in a rush of
orders from all over the State, several for
lots of 100.000 and one for 6fi0,000. After
•ig out the amount of sacks on
hand and the number that could be manu
factured by August 1, the time the farm
ers will harvest their crops and must
have the sacks without delay, he evi
dently reached the conclusion that if the
holders of the larger orders should find it
icif-nt to enter into a- pool the farm
ers would be in a bad way.
Accordingly President Fitzgerald was
asked to call a special meeting of the
board which occurred in this city last
Saturday. When the board assembled
the directors w.-re very much surprised
to find a number of enterprising repre
sentatives of the press on hand—some
thing they had never counted on for a
moment. After a private discussion the
board sat down and had a few minutes
rsation on various things supposed
to relate to prison welfare and then ad
journed, only to come together later on,
when no inquisitive auditors were in the
neighborhood, and discuss the proposition
for which they had assembled
Warden Hale informed the board tha\
on January 1 there were on hand ;3. 330. UOO
sacks that since January 1..83.000 sacks
been manufactured, and that by
August 1 about 1.4W .000 sacks can be
made. This would make a total of 5,524.
--000 sacks. Deducting the 2.380,000 sacks
already sold and disposed of 3,133.000 sacks
would remain for those farmers of the
State who are not now supplied.
It was concluded that the condition of
things justified the adoption of a reso
lution that hereafter sacks shall be sold
in lots not to exceed 5000. but the board
was not satisfied with that alone and
went so far as to cancei contracts en
tered into in the last few days for Uo.
--000 sacks. Since that meeting the board
is doubtless more firmly convinced than
. . -hat some action of the kind was
necessary, for orders have come in fnr
sacks in lots of over 5000 amounting to
217 000 Two were for 150.000 and another
for 80,000. All these orders have been
held and the persons who sent them noti
|• .! that they cannot purchase more
than 5000 sacks apiece this year.
"I do not know that there wa.s any m
tr-ntion of forming a ring." said Director
Wilkina when seen yesterday, "nor do I
desire tn make any accusation of the
kind. But in view of the fact that the
orders were for such large Itfts and that
if the purchasers should see fit to come
tog-ether and make a corner on sacks the
farmers would be 'cinched.' I considered
it at least my duty to have President
Fitzgerald call the board together and
present the facts fnr their consideration.
The quantity of grain harvested this year
will probably be as vast as that of the
year i*S3. and when farmers need the
sacks they i.eed them without any loss
of time. It takes ninety days to bring the
article here from Calcutta and none of
them can wait. As the jute mill at San
Quentin is the only thing standing be
tween the farmers and the speculators,
for the protection of the former it was |
thought necessary to provide for an
emergency by such action as the board
saw lit to take."
CARTRIDGE BOX WAS
HIS WRITING PAPER
Sergeant Warren Scribbles a Strange
Missive on the Battlefield
X -pRANK W. WARREN of O'Connor. Moffatt & Co. probably has the distlnc- q
+- \-l tlon of possessing the most unique letter of the war. From the bloody +.
O I battlefield of Manila he has received a hastily written epistle scribbled on ©
•♦■ -*" the back of an empty cartridge box during a lull in the fighting, by Fran- •♦■
O cis Warren, first sergeant of Company H, First California Volunteers. After O
■♦" writing the letter on the inside of the cartridge box, which Warren said he ♦
O had just emptied, the daring soldier folded the box. wrote the address on the O
+■ outside and started the strange missive on its long journey across the ocean. ■♦■
O The letter ran as follows: , O
-♦- "In the Field Two Miles Out from San Pedro Macate. February 12, 1899.— ■*■
O Dear Frank: Have just fired the last cartridge from this box. and have a ©
•♦■ minute to pay 'hello' and 'adios.' We are having a hot time, but so far to- +
© day we are all well. Wish you were with us. Know you would enjoy it. Re- ©
♦ member me to all the family and friends and accept congratulations on the +
2 Dew son. New promotions in I company. Well. Frank, must stop and go to ©
X shooting. Hope I come out O. K. With best wishes to all and loads to your- X
X self, lam yours in haste, FRANK WARREN." +
O O
■ ♦©♦©♦©♦ O +O ♦ O ♦ OKHO+O+O+O +O*O4O+ O ♦ O ♦ O ♦ Q+O+O+O4O* ■
SAGACIOUS "BOW-WOW"
AND A WILY CHINESE
AWIT/T Chinese namM Ah Kop, similar to the one mentioned in "Rr.-t
Harte's poetical effort, is= In evidence at the City Prison. He is high
ly skilled in the presto change craft of the "Melican man." but the
strong hand of the law has reached his collar and the day.- spent in
the study of how to aid and abet the lottery company have been all for
naught.
Yesterday ho was captured by Officer Taylor of Lieutenant Price's squad
near Chinatown and was obliged to submit to the embarrassment of having
his habiliments searched in sight of about 2iv> of the curious sort, it being
suspected th;tt lottery tickets wore somewhere hidden in the aforesaid gar
ments. During the operation the Chinese smiled and this pmile broadened
to a grin when the officer failed to find any of the little strips 'or green
parchment.
Disheartened. Taylor was about to depart, when he espied a large, dis
reputable looking canine that came near the Celestial apparen^y to offer
sympathy. From under the doggie's collor the long-sought for tickets pro
truded. Ah Kee was then declared a prisoner and the officer made a grab for
the dog. No amount of coaxing could, however, induce the sagacious ani
mal to cross the danger line.
An hour was spent in futil*> effort to gather the requisite evidence, when
an event occurred which crowned the peace guardian's effort wit., success.
\ relative nf the wise bow-wow approached at this moment and in the fona
greeting which followed Ah Kees brute forgot its position and was quickly
made a prisoner.
Ah Kee was bustled into, the patrol wagon and taken to jail, but no
charge thus far has been entered against the dog.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
If YOU WANT "THE ONLY^
GENUINE HUNYADI WATER,
Insist Upon Receiving
Hnnvadi Janos
SATVRAL APBRIEVT "WATER,
the only water which comes from the Hunyadi Springs
of Hungary, owned by
ANDREAS SAXLEHNER/
Budapest.
NELLIE RODGERS TRIUMPHS.
Judg-e Mog-an Decides That She Did
Not Embezzle Attorney Nagle's
Ring.
Judge Mog-an yesterday rendered his de
cision in the case of Mrs. Nellie Rodgers.
charged by Attorney Charles G. Nag.c
with embezzling a ring which the fair
defendant got from him November 22
last, as she claimed, as an engagement
ring. The Judge briefly reviewed the
evidence, pointing out its salient features
both for the prosecution and defense, and
said: . .
"If there -was an engagement and the
defendant got the ring as an engage
ment ring it became her sole property,
and if the engagement was broken a
criminal prosecution cannot li<? for the
return, of the ring. From all the evi
dence I am satisfied that if there was
no engagement the facts show that it
certainly bordered upon me. I am satis
isfi-=d that no jury would convict the
defendant of embezzling the ring and the
order and judgment of the court is that
the defendant be discharged.
E. T. DOYLE IS WANTED.
Edward T. Doyle, assistant secretary of
the Olympic- Club, is wanted on a charge
of felony embezzlement. He is missing,
and the police are confident that he is fly
ing eastward as fast as the cars will car
ry him.
The offense with which Doylp is charged
is the .mhpzzlement of $2>»> from the
Olympic Club. It was discovered Monday
afternoon, an hour after he had left the
building for the purpose, ostensibly, of
getting some small change. Superintend
ent Kennedy of the Olympic Club heard
that he had left a note for friends, bid
ding them good-by. He had left it at th»
Western I'nion offW, at Sutter and I^eav
enworth streets, with instructions to de
liver it after 7 o'clook. Kennedy made an
investigation of Doyle's cash and found
that it was Bhort $2S*. and yesterday, at
the request of Treasurer H. B. Rufs,
swore out a warrant for the arrest of the
missing cashier.
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. ___^
*¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥*£
Operatic duet •WEHBT CUO#¥r^|B 11 m Spring and 2
by Vargas and g gig" [ffii^Vi€|B MM Summer Cat
Guerittaat ■Mr \^ * n ? _ *& alozue ready .*
Concert Sat- m Rule l^aiaar. m Send for one^
urday U^Cight. cauforxm-s ukci\t— America's CTWDSST stow. at once. i
See "Rock of Ages," the most beautiful window display J
MmttP ever made in this city, portraying the peace, hope and I
mjg-™ joy of Eastertide. ; • i
Our best previous Wednesday Specials are surpassed by \to-day's^
offerings. \
Positively the Greatest A Wednesday "Bargain in*Charm-\
Shoe Special m JvS^mi for _ |.
Ever offered in this city. WaiSt TrtmntinffS. ,
Ladies' Easter Shoes, a3 uLZZ^y Dainty All-silk Accordeon Pleated Chif- "
pretty and stylish as it's • fon— glace finish — trimmed with 9 rows J
possible to make them. c ff.'^; of Valenciennes Lace insertion — very .
Chocolate color Vici Kid f%. : -^A stylish 50c per yard material for trim- ,
to go with spring gowns tff/j&S&i&jK ming waists yokes'and millinery purposes ,
—laced fancy silkvestin? ff&£#sxy J ' special to-day only, per yard 33c i
cloth tops— new coin toes yßr ; lv>^i ! — — - '■ K.r : "
" k ? tipS K7 M*^/ To-T>av (Wednesday) Only. \
sewed flexible AS^ f* \ '
soies— aii sizes A / Tumblers, 3' 2 C ;
a o n id SS2S; ! % SOOdozenThinßlown oo ;
at $2.so— special for Wednesday only— - Crystal Water Turn- ,
$1.65 . "biers— band engraving S=— =^ - £§=§3 ,
" in two styles — regular- • •,
Wednesday -Bargains in Irfk '
Wash Materials. o,ii y 300 do V *-
-■--~. „_ . , D „. „_ don t miss them by being late. '
\bout 185 pieces 36-inch Percales and j & , ,
iSS^rSS^JSarS F^raorSinorv Specials in g
Camera Supplies, ;
Wednesday only, per yard 60 Cut prices for to-day only that will be «
' J ■ appreciated by every owner of a camera. *
Grocery Specials. buy supply for the season at the3e ]
These deeply cut prices on the 18c 2-ounce Glass Graduates— to-day..,
highest quality fooa 'Products are "^i^Sffl^SSiSSdK !
for the balance of this -week only. f§ c '
Ghirardelli's Ground Chocolate — 1-lb 4Q C Rubber Focusing Cloth— to-day, "
tins — regularly 30c 24c j per square yard 25c \
Ghirardelli's Breakfast Cocoa — 1-lb ; Neg-Pry— dries negatives in a few ,
tins regularly 45c 4-Oc i minutes regularly 35c— to-day 28c ,
Royal Baking Powder — 1-lb cans. 39C The "Sure Shot" Camera and. outfit to \
3 tons Good Prunes — per lb Sc teach the boys photography — i
Emporium Mocha and Java Coffee — > 75 C to-day......... sOc '
regularly 35c — special this week. ..3oc j 4-Glass 'Oil Dark Room Lanterns— '
1000 lbs Sultana Raisins— regularly Sc i regularly 75c — to-day 45c '
lb— special this week 5' 2 C Eiko Hydro Developer, 30c — 8-ounce^
A. Roche Imported Sardines— Jis— | bottles to-day 23c ,
ularly 10c tin— this week aC 1-joint Sliding Tripod suitable for,
10-oz Candles— this week 6 for 5C any camera up to regularly $1 50— ,
— : to-day $1.22 «
Wednesday Big Bargain in >
#Hat%d m Wednesday Special Price for ,
ker~ Moire Sateens, 6' 2 c. ;
nffiAfc Moire Sateens — 36 inches wide— a «
on/f j t splendid satin face moire effect for dra- '
200 dozen La- perie3 and cu3 hion linings— actual value '
dies All-hnen 12}i - c yard— special to-day only 6HO\
Cambric Hem- *? J '
#ker~ Hand- Moire Sateens, 6' 3 c. ;
r*hi**f*S Moire Sateens— 3»i inches wide— a «
" f a t splendid satin face moire effect for dra- '
AHJ dozen La- ; peHe3 and CU3 hion linings— actual value '
dies All-hnen 12 vard _ specia i to-day only 6 l o]
Lambric Hem-
stitched Hand-  , n ,», ■ ,
kerchiefs, hand- Housekeepers. Read This .' : «
der quaJ£ \ Pillow Cases, Be. ]
that you would Neither the very common grade nor
expect to pay i the best, but medium quality, well-made «
20c — special i Pillow Cases— size 45x36 inches (only 600 «
Wednesday only, jof them) — special to-day until sold,
each ..11c \ each 8c '
1 --<
Bargain of the Season in Another Wednesday Special in 
Black Goods. Ladies Hosiery. \
44-inch Mohair Crepon in three new ( Ladies' Imported Guaranteed Real '
and fetching effects— splendid quality — j Maco Cotton Hose — sole — high-
beautiful finish material that will make spliced heels — assorted tans and russet — ,
stylish and very handsome costumes — Richelieu, Rembrandt or Corduroy ribbed ,
regularly $1.25 yard — special for to-day \ regularly 25c pair — special for to-day.. ,
only 92C ! .' 18c <
OPPOSITION TO
TROOPS' RECALL
CAUSES STRIFE
Relatives of the First
California Meet.
For a time excitement became rampant
at a meeting of the relatives and repre
sentatives of the First California Regi
ment, stationed at Manila, held last even
ing In the National Guard Armory. Polk
and ElliP streets. The occasion was a de
velopment of opposition to efforts for the
release of the hoys, which was em
phatically resented by hosts of anxious
parents, sweethearts and sisters, who
seem determined to make every effort to
assist the return of the soldiers to their
firesides. C. AY. Moore of the Hancock
School acted as chairman, and A. L.
Badt held the position of secretary.
Harrowing tales of dire distress and tor
ture were related by relatives from com
munications received from the seat of
war. One in particular, toM by J. A
Ohlson, brought tears to many eyes. I.
W. Roussel was enthusiastic in his ap
peal for the meeting to attempt some
thing to solve the problem of speedy re
turn, and he, like other speakers, was
loudly applauded.
At this juncture a resolution was offered
by Joseph Young which read as follows:
Whereas. The Volunteers now in the Philip
pine Islands enlisted to fight in a war with
Spain and not to fight against the Filipinos;
Whereas, War with Spain li now over, since
both the United States and Spain have ratified
the treaty of peace;
Therefore, we, the relatives and representa
tives of the First California Volunteers, most
earnestly request, in the name of humanity
and of patriotism, that said regiment shall be
ordered home and mustered out of service.
Then came the expression of opposition :
sentiment which caused the trouble, 'me '
audience, having listened to tales of
blood and suffering and entertaining love
for its kin. was in no mood to receive it. I
Several persons ventured to state that I
from information received by them the j
soldiers at the present time desired to
remain and right to the end. They ad
mitted that while there was a lull in the
warfare the soldiers had expressed a
wish to return, but when the odor of
powder again greeted their nostrils the
old spirit of patriotism returned and
made them contented on the battlefield.
These persons were promptly hissed, and
it became evident that the sentiment of
the meeting was not with them. •
George T. Phelps. a member of the Na
tional Guard in whose hall the meeting
was held, importuned the relatives to
consider the fact that there were volun
teers other than those from California
at Manila, and that other States had not
taken up the cry for their return. He
begged that the resolution do not pass
for the reason that it would brand the
members of the First California as
is— deserters in the face of duty.
A storm of disapproval burst forth.
"Have you a relative in tho regiment?"
was shouted from the platform. "If you
have not we do not wish, to hear from
you. This meeting is held tor relatives
only."
"The announcement on the board out
side says "friends and relatives,' " re
torted Phelps. "and. having: at least 200
friends among the soldiers, I have a
right to express my sentiments."
He persisted in speaking, but the chair
man drowned his voice with the pound
ing of his gavel and ordered him to stop.
"I denounce the resolution as un-Amer-
Ican," he continued, and this statement
was resented by the person who intro
duced it. who said it was the first time
his patriotism had been questioned.
When Phelps found that his efforts at
discussion were futile he left the hall.
The meeting adjourned until next Tues
day evening after President Moore had
ruled that the resolution having caused
pc much disturbance should not be put
to a vote.
THE ATONEMENT BY
CHRIST'S BLOOD
MOODY TALKS FEELINGLY TO A
LARGE AUDIENCE.
If the thief who stole Evangelist
Moody' 8 coat had been present yesterday
afternoon at the meeting held in Y. M. C.
A. Auditorium he would have been con
strained to deliver up the ill-gotten rai
ment.
"That is why I am here to-day," "said
the grief-stricken old gentleman. "I am
waiting for the outcome. A while ago
my son lost a beautiful boy by death. It
was I who prevailed on the parents to
come to California, thinking it might di
vert them. Now their faith in Him may
be put to the test again. The little girl
may follow the brother who has gone be
fore."
Mr. Moody received a telegram toward
the end of the meetine. and after reading
it stated that he would remain in the city
to-day &nd would talk in the Y. M. C. A.
auditorium at 10 a. m. and 2 p. m. on sub
jects yet to be announced.
Mr. Moody has never before spoken to
better advantage than h*- dM on the sub
ject "The Atonement." His plain, uncon
ventional delivery was made doubly
earnest by the sorrow gnawing at his
heartstrings, and he moved his hearers as
they have never been moved before.
Going to See the Sights.
Raphael Weil! and General Thomas J.
Clunie leave San Francisco to-day on a
journey to Paris. It was planned some
time ago for William D. English to ac
company them, but when the cri.-<s
on the water front Mr. English resolved
to put aside the pleasures of a trip
abroad to serve his country as s.ecretary
of the State Boar'! of Harbor (Commis
sioners. Messrs. weUl and Clunie ex
pect to arrive in Paris about the middle
of April. Mr. Well] will not be here on
April 16, but on that day. wherever he
may be. he will give a breakfast in the
Bohemian Club of this city in honor of
Uncle George Bromley's birthday.
A Bankrupt Brakeman.
W. A. Sherman, railroad brakeman of
Sacramento, filed a pptition tn insolvency
yesterday in the United States District
Court. His liabilities are $742 and he haa
no assets.
56
WEDNESDAY : MARCH 29. 1599
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Fropnetof. .
"^cd^rTrc^^icTtior.s to
PI^riCATION^OFFICE M=r<et '-"' Third St*.. S. F. |
EDfTORIAL ROOMS *'~ " 2*» Stevenson Street j
Telephone Main IST4.
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS. ?15 CENTS PER WEEK.
. s:z?le Ccpies. 5 c«r.ta.
Xerai« by Mai:. Including Postage: ;
DAILT CALLlUncluaing Bun«»T ?..:. o=< yea.- 66.00 ,
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). • pr " h » 3.00 ;
DAH,Y CAUL itadudlae Sunday Call). 3 months 1-50 j
6TXDAT CALL Ctee lear *•»" ;
WEEBX.T -ALL. C^e Year 1 -°° {
A.. p:s£^-.2_"=terE are authorized to receive s-Jbe:rlpticn».
Staple copies .... be fcrwarded whec resuestefi-
OAK, OFRCE ZHHZ ° 8 Broadway j
.NEW YORK OFFICE- Room 18S, World Building
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel!
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent-
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Buildin£ ;
C. GEORGE KROGNE6S. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay, j
open until 5:30 o'clock;. 3ST H.ayes street. c»»n --• ■
:3; o'clock- 6£i McAllister street, open urjtt! 9-30 |
o'clock- 6>5 Lar^ln street, open urjtli 9:30 o'clock, j
;S4! «:ss:on street, open until 10 o"c!ocK- £291 Market j
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- £513 '
A'issior street, open until 9 o'clock- *°6 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- !505 PolK street, open
unti &:^C oclccK- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kenccco- KtrMts. open until 9 o'&Joclc.
am"CSE3o:nts.
Colombia— ~Bob Roy."
Orpbenia-V*na«vUle.
A" czzzr— "Nerves."
■Tivoli "Tbe Bohemian Gir!-"
"'Alharr.bra— ••Saved Froni the Flakes."
■ Grand Opera House— The Southwell Opera Company.-Bai
uriay evenir.F; April 1.  
Chutes. Zoo ar.2 Free Tteater— VaadevUla every alteroova
tr.i evening.
CHj-mpia— Ccrrwr Mason ar.J Ellis gtrgets. -:----:^-
AUCTION SALES.
3y F.-W. Butterfleli-Thls day. at II o'clock, at 63S Greea
BALLOT REFORM LAWS.
L] the Stratum primary law is a sham and
' a pretense there is no occasion for the hysteri
cal pyrotechnics with which the Examiner has
greeted- the appearance of the Rickard ballot bill upon
the statute-book;. If Governor Gage -was justified in
signing the former he was justified in signing the lat
ttr, for the complete operation of one is involved to
seme extent with the operation of the other. Why a
newspaper which hailed one as the incarnation of bal
lot reform should denounce the other as the ""pet
measure of the scoundrel bosses'' is certainly incom
prehensible to a healthy mind.
Thr Stratton primary law provides for a legal elec
tion for delegates to nominating conventions, but in
order to hold a convention and obtain a place upon
the ballot under a party- name a political organization
must choose delegates in every precinct. Rump con
ventions, or conventions which emanate from self
constituted •"committees'' or ""piece clubs," will not be
recognized. -The law authorizes independent move
ments, but discredits party designations for them. I:
the Non-Partisans of this city, for instance, can prove
that they obtained 3 per cent ot the vote cast at the
last election tney can put a tiCKet on the bahot under
the name "-Independent." but that is all.
Ha • jr for 1 . nof
ticket tuted conventions, and h
j.., se - • ' and-nominat
ir ; g ■ livion, the Legislature natur
• ie Austra-
Rickard lav provides that
- rimary law has produced legal
• in a
•; people shall be permitted to
. the people's conventions ac
g i pan label and not according to party
phabetically. If the Rickard larw
•ton primary I .
foundation of the Rickard law, and
latter could not stand.
Therefore, the Examiner sa;
Rick - telligence and puts a pre
• draws the
~o!e purpose is '"to pe
ate in flu :lated
cony- nd to keep the independe-- I t from
■-■ disgraceful sa
ii law, which
people a chance to beat the bosses in the
"manipulated conventi* i
The fact of 'l I is the veriest rot.
The " reformed and
government Some of the worst
-raced the people have been
elected under it, notably the late Board of Education.
•which for ~ ; easily entitled to
the hip of the world. Governor Gage in
the Rickard bill has not struck a blow at any
save the hysterical editor of the Examiner. He
has simply supplemented the Stratton primary law,
h that editor *. i to sign and which was
regarded by him as the . form statute of the
century.' with a law which will give it effect.
The truth i?, ballot systems do not make govern
ment?. Any system is good enough for a virtuous
:pright people who ytend to their civic duties.
The Rickard bill will not prevent any intelligent citi
zen expressing his preferences at the ballot-box. It
ronfuse a few ignoramuses, but that will do no
It is chiefly through the suffrages of the ig
nuses that the rascals now get into office.
■ seems a general tendency to poke
Brigadier General Otis. Better wait until the war is
The general is now in such a position that the
necessity for printing his obituary may arise any day.
and it would not go well in a paper which had just
expending its wits in formulating a ribald josh.
Rich philanthropists in the East are putting up
i tenements for the poor, not only benefiting the
poor, -but showing that the world is less bad than
- painted.
rmy officer? seem to have recovered from the no
that the regulars are more effective than the
volunteers. Any soldier in either branch would rather
fight than eat.
Anybody who wants the big nations to fight must
rut up a more valuable prize than Samoa. No event
v. ill be pulled of? in the absence both of a purse and
gate .money.
we understand it, the duty of the police is not
always to convict an accused person, this being what
they are called upon to do only when the person is
There is a certainty that American troops are
ing bravely. The on'y question is as to whether
that far v. iii;h they are fighting is worth the trouble.
RUSSiANIZfITION OF FINLAND.
THE proposed Rnssianization of Finland is one
of these exercises of despotic power that will
excite the indignation of the civilized world and ;
! go far to disprove the sincerity of the Czar in his sug- j
gestion of disarmament, which is to be the subject of j
an international conference at the Hague. On Mon- j
day last this subject was referred to in an extract from j
called The Skandinaven, and in a brief j
communication published in The Call.
There has been no greater outrage recorded in his
tory than the partition of Poland in 1772 between j
Russia. Austria and Prussia. This dismemberment of j
an ancient kingdom, which it was compelled formally 1
to sanction in 1778, was followed in 1793 by an addi- !
tiona] territorial grab by Russia ad by Prussia. In :
1814. by the treaty of Vienna, the entire robbery was j
finally ratified. Meanwhile the rebellion under j
Kosciusko had been suppressed and that hero and 1
patriot captured by the Russians and subjected to such |
barbarous and humiliating treatment that the public j
opinion of civilized mankind was aroused and ex- j
pressed in such form as the immortal lines of Thomas
Campbell in his '"Pleasures of Hope":
Hope for a season bade the world farewell.
And Freedom shrieked when Kosciusko fell.
In principle the partition of Poiand was not a whit ;
more shameful than the present Russianization of i
Finland, at the very moment when the Czar is preach- i
ing the gospel of universal peace. There are about \
two millions of the Finns, occupying territory that
covers 144,221 square miles. They are an ancient, an
industrious and an intelligent people, with a large 1
and increasing commerce, with agricultural resources,
with diversified manufactures, and with a rich and
attractive literature. Between 1772 and 1789, almost
simultaneously with the establishment of the Americ
an republic, their present constitution was formed
end perfected, and it included two principles dear to
the American people, namely, the right of self-taxa
tion and complete religious toleration. The Czar of
Russia is the Archduke of Finland, and invested with
the power of proclaiming war and peace, of pardoning
criminals and of appointing officials, exclusively from
the natives of the country, and including an Imperial
Senate of eighteen members who constitute the local
government and by whom justice is administered.
In ISO 9, when Swedish Finland was annexed to Rus
sia, the Czar. Alexander I, solemnly pledged himself
to maintain "the religion, laws, rights and privileges
of each rank" within the Grand Dukedom of Finland
"unchanged in their full strength." This pledge was
renewed by each of his successors, and by the present
Czar November t ■
h people, mora
■ -2 Czar has no
an imperial ukase, the exact 1 which are i I
re us. announced his determination c
and treacherously to violate. Finland is to be :::
--i as an integral part of the Ru
pire. and the term -ice extended ■
three to five years, ur.der a highly centralized
.?.ge of the London
Chr - . rmed all the
lover ' this ar
- nd ; of independence in
an entire i ;vere
refused an audience by the Czar, and it is author
-tthe
act of forcible >t even be en
-.ed.
Here is an object lesson in imperial - the
■ • -ican people. A race possessed of
some at least of the i portant elements of self
trained in and
habituated to the exercise of individual rights, which
have made the- arid vigorous agents in mod
ern : ■ Idenly and shamelessly reduced to
a condition more intolerable to them than
dom was to the Muscovites or slavery to the Africans.
Such an indication of retrogress: ~ - of a
high ■ - ' - appalling
proof of the inherent viciousness of autocratic govern
ment toward which some of our citizens are tending.
cror tortures the Finns and the United
States purcha-- Spain the right forcibly to ac
hold the Philippines c and free
citizen? will be apt to cherish with ir.crer^ed patriot
ism 3nd with a deeper love i integrity
■.-nerican v ' I to regard the interests
of peace as more safely resting in the enlarging
rial arbitration than in sentimental
and diplomatic announcements of suspicious origin
and contradicted by acts which speak far louder than
CONAL VERSUS RAILROAD.
WHETHER Chicago in the near future is to be
. a way station ber.vetn New York and
San Francisco or the greatest metropolis in the
world with the two ocean cities serving as simple
ports of entry subordinate to her commerce is a
problem whose solution is seemingly to be deter
mined by forces now in operation and beyond the
control of either of the three cities whose fortunes
ibject to them.
The first of these forces is the combination of rail
ways into great transcontinental systems. Only a
short time ago Chicago was the great railway ter
minal of the Union. The big lines from the East
and the West met there. The Atlantic seaboard roads
stopped at her depots, and the Pacific Coast roads
stnrted from them. The city was the dividing point
of transportation, and vast and far-reaching were the
commercial benefits she derived from the position.
The recent combinations of railroads have now es
tablished a series of transcontinental lines from ocean
to ocean. Passengers and freight are to be carried
from New York to San Francisco without change
of cars, or without passing from the control of one
railroad management to another. Chicago has been
sidetracked, as it were. She is to-day virtually a way
station, and unless something intervenes will in a few
year; lose her present prestige in the commercial
world.
It appears, however, that something is going to in
tervene, and something of such commercial potency
that it will more than counterbalance the shifting of
railway transportation. When the Canadians have
completed the Georgian Bay canal Chicago will have
a waterway to the ocean so direct and of such dimen
sions that European trade will come to her •
and New York will be sidetracked.
The distance from Chicago to Montreal by this
route will be 980 miles, of which 950 miles will be
open lake, sheltered lake and improved river, and
thirty miles of canal fourteen feet deep. The distance
from Chicago to New York by the Erie canal and
Hudson River is 1415 miles, of which 1065 miles is
lake and river and 350 miles of canal seven feet deep,
through which boats carrying 8000 bushels of grain
are moved by horsepower. When the Georgian Bay
canal is completed wheat will be carried from ports on
the three upper lakes in steel steam vessels in four days
to the ship's ?ide in Montreal for 2 cents per bushel,
and return cargoes of imported merchandise will be
carried, in bond, from Montreal to our ports upon
the lakes for 75 cents per ton, or less. The distance
THE SAX FKAXCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, MABCH 29, 1599.
Montreal to Liverpool is 300 miles less than that
\ew York to Liverpool.
The Georgian Bay canal .5 to be completed within
ecrs. and after that Chicago expects the Erie
canal, more famed in politics and scandals than in
song : 1 be useful mainly as an irrigai
■ - ■ -:-.ing of that kind. The great mass ol
European imports will come to Chicago and be dis
">.Yest and South from that point. The
ids will have to conform to the ocean traffic, and
the city by the lake wi'l resume her proud pc
:■ :rce of the country. Sht :cned
to-day with the fate of a way station, but her hopes
a-e great in the work of the Canucks.
\ THEN the r.ext Congress assembles the Somh
\ em States will find themselves represented
* there in political hostility to all the rest of the
Union, notwithstanding the vigor of the renewed fra
ternal relations which have been warmed into such a
cordial glow by the events of the war.
In the Senate the Southern delegation will 1
De:r.ocratic. but ail the Northern and Western
Si ■ - except Utah will be represented by Repub
». In the House there will be but fifty-five Rep
resentatives from the North and the West to go into
:h the 10S Democrats of the South and give
■ the semblance of representing a national party.
h being the situation, the South finds h:
sidetracked and isolated. Her delegation in each
branch of Congress will be in opposition to an over
wheli _ representing the other States.
ra of good feeling the political divisions
in Congress will be more sectional than ever before
in our history, not even excepting the stormy years
receded the outbreak of the Civil War.
The intelligence of the South recognizes the false
■ :■. - in which she is placed and bitterly denounces
the : the mad devotees of free silver who led
her into it. Thus the Richmond Tiir.es declared a few
cays ;.
"Let us face I let us no longer deceive our
selves. The Democratic party to-day is without char
acter and standing in the nation. It has lost the con-
E not 1 respect, of the great body of
• l loughtful men of this country. What
the party stand for? What are its principles? What
man is there in this party to-day who can stand up
with any sort of confidence and declare th<
The situation is the more galling to the South be
cause her people have prided themselves on their de
• a to polil - a-nd their capacity for
the business of politics. Now they find themselves
the sole supporters of a party that has neither prin
ciples nor political sagacity. Their representation in
Congress will be utterly futile so far as national issues
are concerned — not even as important to the Govern
ment as the tail to a kite.
While the bad plight of the South is apparent even
it will be much more so when Congress assem
bles and the divisions of parties in both Houses are
made conspicuous by the proceedings of the session.
Then indeed the South will have an object k
from which to learn the full extent of the folly of '96
and the expediency of turning away from Bry<?
and getting into touch again with the rest of the
country politically as she has shown herself to be in
• • tism.
SOMETIMES San Francisco has qualms of con
science and mourns over her wickedness. The
spectacle of Boards of Education stealing- the
or of Supervisors entering upon their terms i
- but honest and emerging rich but rotten, has a
tendency to depress. Often the conduct of political
campaigns has been marked by crookedness and ras- \
cals have ridden into power on the shoulders of a lot I
ses w.ho ought to be picking over jute at San
Quentin. and yet in every administration there has i
been an element of good, a degree of attention has
been paid to the public weal, and the executive head
has usually been clean, even if the law forced him
to be helpless.
But San Francisco may compare herself with Chi
cago and swell with pride. Here at least thugs and
toughs known as such are not elected to office.
There must be the seeming of respectability. The
•dives are not scoured for material and their beetle
browed proprietors hoisted into office. In Chicago
no man, so he happen for the nonce not to be in the
penitentiary, appears too vile to be made a member
cf the aldermanic body, and, indeed, the worse he is
the greater seems his pull.
Just now Chicago is engaged in a bitter and dis
graceful war. Not content with calling each other
thieves, which they probably are, the opposing forces
have taken to shooting. The only death thus far is
credited to the guns of Mayor Harrison's personal
following, and a paper owned by Yerkes directly
charges that the murder was with the connivance of
the Mayor, and that he is using his authority to
shield the assassins. There is no mincing of words in
this accusation, and the Mayor either is guilty or the
editorial department of Yerkes has been rash.
That such a municipal mess should blacken the
repute of a great city 15 in some measure a reflection
upon the whole country. The people of Chicag-o
ought to reform to the radical extent of refusing to
place their affairs in the hands of jailbirds, or per
haps supplying the birds with a suitable cage. They
ought to wipe all the expansive area of Chicago with
the battered remains of the ruffians who are now their
rulers, have a general clearing cut of salaried black
guards and finally become decent, law-abiding, and
thus in harmony with the environment of civilization.
When lawyers refuse to submit to the plan of a
night session of court, but devote the evening to the
witnessing of a prize fight, the time to inquire
"Whither are we drifting?" has rolled round again.
Our fatalities in the Philippines are greater than
; the islands are worth, but they are so small compared
to those of the enemy as to arouse suspicion that the
Filipinos are armed mostly with firecrackers.
Fayne Moore, a pretty woman, has been discharged
by a New York Judge, although she was the pal of a
man who received a sentence of nineteen years. In
other words, Fayne's face is her fortune.
Aguinaldo threatens to kill all Filipinos who refuse
to fight the Americans. As an instance of being be
tween the devil and the deep sea this has seldom been
equalled and never excelled.
A Missouiian of 103 years is on his way to Califor
nia, probably in quest of a climate under whose
salubrious influence he will have fair prospect of
reaching old age.
There is a suspicion that Governor Gage confounds
the administrative and legislative branches of the
State government. He occasionally thinks he is
both.
It cannot be the Philippines will '"prove a second
Klondike." Nobody will ever freeze to death there.
f? WfllL FROM ThJE SOUTH-
MORALS OF CHICAGO.
INVESTIGATING
SCANDAL IN THE
CUSTOM HOUSE
Charges of Habitual
Drunkenness.
RHODES, SHARKEY AND QUINT
ABSENT FROM DUTY THROUGH
DISSIPATION.
Special Agents Linck and Smith In
quiring Into a Strong Alco
holic Odor in Weighers'
Department.
ts LJnck a - tb are
: Cus
' tom-house affairs a: I ai
' to Washir- - with
out tear or ?..• .? the tirr.
--• ored laxities whlcb they hcv-:- unearthed
is the manner in
, department of the Custom-house has been
conducted. From what they have ascer
tained Uuu far it appears that that
; branch of Uncle Sam's workshop is Im
pregnated with
( and : ■ ra* 1 In other words,
XV.
: Complaint was made to them a short j
j time ago that Arthur P. Rhodes, chief ;
" weigher, and "his" assistant, Thomas J. j
' Sharkey, had been absent from duty on j
several occasions when their services ;
: were most urgently required, and that j
j their absence was due 10 remorse of con- ;
l science following inordinate indulgence in [
j water-front whisky. The agents took up i
! the matter at once and called upon the ;
| accused men for an explanation. Both ;
{ sent in answers nicely typewritten deny- ]
ing- that they ever indulged to excess in j
the bowl that befuddles, and averring !
with due solemnity and virtuous indigna- j
tion that when they wore absent they ;
were sick — not because of dissipation, but '
j because of overwork.
Sharkey's answer was really pugilistic ;
|in tone, and th don't care a figitiveness j
. of his denial took away the breath of Col- ;
! lector Jackson for a few seconds after he ;
I had experience the felicity of reading it.
i Both Rhodes and Sharkey introduced doc- j
; tors' certificates assuring the agents that !
j those gentlemen were really sick when |
they were absent from work, which the;
agents, from other evidence in their pos- i
session, readily believed. These certiri- j
cares were backed up by affidavits to the
effect that Rhodes and Sharkey never j
drank anything stronger than water when j
on duty. These were strengthened by
1 affidavits from laborers and others in the ,
I same department, Sharkey vouching for ;•
i Rhodes, Rhodes vouching for Sharkey, ;
i and Assistant Weigher Douglas U. Quint j
i vouching for both. Then a similar charge ;
'■ of drunkenness was lodged against Quint, j
: and Rhodes and Sharkey vouched for the j
Immaculate sobriety of Quint.
These mutually friendly affidavits are .
corroborated, as it were, by several from !
the laborers in the department, and in- '
duced the agents to inquire more closely ;
into the matter. They found that the i
weighers and the laborers used to knock
Off work fr>r five or ten minutes at a time ;
! to go across the street and indulge in a '
) sociable bowl over a hospitable bar. Thus
was the mutuality of the affidavits ex- j
plained, and therefore there is much ap
prehension:ls the camp of the weighers, j
The agents learned a day or two ago i
: that Rhodes had been attempting to in- i
: timidate certain persons -who were to be |
: called as witnesses against him, and they
therefore requested Collector Jackson j
j yesterday to suspend Rhodes from duty ;
! pending the investigation, and to forbid
I him to come near the Custom-house until I
j sent for. The Collector made the order ;
i of suspension as requested by the agents, ■
I and the investigation will proceed with-'
i out further interruption.
It is claimed by the friends of Rhodes ;
I that he has been the victim of misfortune :
' rather than of indiscretion. It is said -
j that when he entered upon the duties of
his office he was in debt to small trades
men and others to the extent Of 52!»3, and
! that these creditors hounded him so per- ;
' sistently that he was obliged to set apart ;
$50 per month of his salary out of which j
!to pay them pro rata. After this arrange- j
! ment had been carried out to the satiffac- ;
i tion of his creditors for about three ;
' months his family were prostrated by :
1 sickness and he himself was quarantined ;
! in his house and finally taken down sick j
| himself. He had contracted doctors' bills
and bills for other necessary expenses,
and he was unable to continue the pay- !
• ments to the prior creditors as promptly-;
' as they demanded, and the complaints ;
| were lodged against him, his friends say, j
for spite.
■
PRECEDENT IN GAME LAW.
, . . —
Rights of Superior Courts to Try-
Certain Criminal Cases.
An important decision relating to the
fish and game laws ur the. State was
'■ handed down by the Supreme Court yes
; terday. Tom Nop, a Chinese fisherman
! of San Diego, was arrested for violating j
; the laws regarding the catching of fish, j
> being charged under section 3r>3 of the j
! code. The Superior Court of San Diego,
! into which the case "was first taken, de-
I cided that it had no jurisdiction over the
matter. In case of a conviction the law j
says that the person "la guilty of a mis- \
demeanor, and is punishable by a fine of !
. not less than $100, or by imprisonment in j
the County Jail in the county in which
the conviction shall be had, not less than
fifty days, or by both such line and im
prisonment." • * •
The case was of so much importance j
; that the entire court gave it full consid-
I eration. Justice Garoutte wrote the pre
■ vailing opinion and upon his recommen- \
dation the judgment of the lower court
was reversed. The main points consid
ered are seen in the following extracts
from the Justices' opinion:
"If the punishment to be inflicted
• • • may not exceed $500 fine, or six
months' Imprisonment in the County Jail,
' then the offense is an ordinary misde
; meanor, of which the Superior Court has
mo jurisdiction. Bilt if the line may be
! greater than $500, or the imprisonment
may be for a longer term than six
months, then the Superior Court has jur-
I isdiction to try the case."
The court asks, "is there any law limit
! ing the scope and effect of the penalty
! provided by section 636?" The defendant
: claimed there is and pointed to section
19 of the Penal Code. The Supreme Court
does not consider that the point was well
taken, and says:
"If section 19 had never been enacted
i there would be no difficulty whatever in
! enforcing section- 636. and administering
punishments thereunder greater than $500
, fine or a six months' Imprisonment. In
I the absence of any kind of intimation by
. the law-making power that section 19 was
! purposed to limit the force and effect of
section 636, we cannot so hold. The judg
ment is reversed."
Justice Henshaw wrote a dissenting
j opinion, in which Chief Justice Beatty
j concurred. He said: "The conclusion
reached and declared by the prevailing
1 opinion is that a person found guilty of
: violating section 636 of the Penal Code
, may be punished by a fine to any amount
and. by an imprisonment for the term of
I his natural life."
UNLUCKY PACIFIC BANK.
It Loses Its Suit With the Sacra-
memo Bankers.
The defunct Pacific Ba to be
in hard luck, for aside from its failure
it never has the good fortune to win a
lawsuit, no matter whether it sues or
is sued. The last case to be lost was
that of an appeal from a judgment given
against it by the lower court in fa
the Sacramento Bank. T. BanK
was indebted to the Sacramento iiank
in the sum of $2n.-7_ 7 this sum
about 25 per cent, or J.ViTI 90, was collect
ed at one time and Ssl0 1 ) from the solvent 1
stockholders at another time, leaving a
little over $lt>.ooo of the original claim
unpaid. These coliectioas were upon the
first five dividends, and when the sixth
remaining unpaid. Jl'.'." I - k refusal
An action wa- uLU b : '
make directors of the «?'"!?«•. if iB«
make- the a™™V£w"«.' court v:
establishes as a precedent .that .an"' .'nil
liaise *
AROUND -THE
CORRIDORS
George E. Goodman and wife of Napa
are at the Palace.
Edwin Swinford. a Colusa attorney. i,
registered at the Grand. «tehta !
j. O. Carlisle, a mining man of Knignts
Ferry, is a guest at the Lick.
j " P Woocbury, a milling man from
Nevada, is a guest at the Palace
E v. Moreanthaler. and wife of Kansas
City, Mo., are guests at the Russ. , ..
W S Porter, a Kings County fnirt
grower and shipper, is at the Lick.
~ P F Kelley, a merchant of Seattle, is at
the Occidental, accompanied by his wife.
George Gray, a Stockton lumber dealer,
is at the Occidental, accompanied b> his
wi fe '
Charts M Cassin. a prominent citizen
of Santa Cruz, is making the California
his headquarters.
A p, Carloch. a banker of Fort Jones f
and a prominent man in Sisklyou County, j
is staying at th« Grand,
Samuel C. Lawrence, a well-known res- J
idem of Boston, is registered at the Pal
ace with his wife and son.
L T. Hatfield and F. D. Nlcol. attorneys ,
respectively of Sacramento and Stockton, {
are registered at the Lick.
W Shaw, a Susanville merchant, and j
William M. Storey, a Fresno fruit raiser,
are late arrivals at the P*uss.
Captain J. W. Kelly of St. Louis. Me.,
who represents this Government in
Alaska, is at the Buss and will leave for
Sitka in a few days. J
I Watts Doney. a business man of •
Tientsin China, has returned from a trip ;
to the sound, and will leave on the next |
steamer for the Orient.
Misses ice and Millie Kitchen, who j
are prominent in Honolulu society, are
here on a pleasure trip and have reg:s- j
tered at the California.
Secret Service Agent R. S. Browne, who ,
has been in the southern part of the State ;
looking for coin counterfeiters, has re- I
turned and i/at the Occidental.
W S Stewart of Vancouver, B. C. : J. I
Kirkup of Rbssiarid, B. C. and E. Bray |
of Victoria, B. C. three mining men. are I
making the Grand their headquarters.
" A. J. McNab of Salmon City, Idaho, has
returned from a pleasure trip to Hono- :
lulu and is at the Occidental with his two
daughters. McXab is a partner of United |
States Senator Shoup of Idaho. He will j
leave for his home in a few days.
c. a Pacific Grove mer-
T. W. O - Sheriff of Sacra
ire manu
facturer of Sacramento: J. M. Striening. a
Rosa attorney, and Xavier de Pi
. ,ker of Livermore, are,
among the arrivals at the Grand.
NINTH U. S. INFANTRY SAILS.
Three Batteries of Light Artillery
Ordered to the Philippines.
Ninth United Btates Infantry board
ed the transport Zeaiandia yesterday, and
before sundown was en route for Manila,
Some, of the me.. Presidio
ier McDowell and the rerr. .
. d down Market street to the ferry.
All the troops were equipped in heavy
-
The AVar Department has ordered three
ries of artillery to Manila.
q and to the ca
y E, Firrt Artillery, and Ba:
F of the Fourth and Fifth Artilleries.
■ - c need of light artil
the Filipinos and will
the command of Major John i.
Tier'" traie them at
->n Barracks. Twenty-four s~.
- will accompany each ba: •■
ration id now under
It has beeTi proposed to
of a sailing -.
as both men and horses could be :
their need
jc mv h fell Phili] vines may. how
e the War Departm
i ■
whiel due here on April 3.
The four batteries of the Sixth An
have been ordered to Honolulu will
! at the e.f
The Char;-- N lai^r. with freight
leave on Thursday -
By direction of the War Departr.
number of changes will be made in the
: troops. Thfse eh .-.
V^rlr.g several new companies to Ca
r.ia. •.- Fw«Bty-l
Infantry.
1 the New
r.ent, who were stranded here
• of illness, were mustered out
yesterday.
An order has been received directing
enlistment for the Third Artillery.
now in the Phi I oped, and
• .c two new bat"
Major Edward Field. Second Art!
additions f the
•■■;artial appointed fw
trial of ] NealL
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
TWO PAY?-- I ■
•'. . fell on a Saturday, and
»th of October. 186, fell on a We
day. "
SNOW— A. S.. Oakland. Cal. The
tlon in regard to the big :m in
. .-- Call
of Mai .-
FACE VALUE ONLY— C. R.. City. A
23-ccnt piece of 1553 with rays around the
eagle and a 1-cent piece of 1561 do not
command a premium. :> ...
MARRIAGE LICENSE-S.. City. The
records of the County Clerk of Aiameda
County show that on the 11th of Ferru
ary, ÜB9, a marriage licer.~e was issued
to George H. Ri-e and Far.nie M. Ronald,
both of San Francisco.
REPRESENTATIVE METCALF-A de
A.. City. Victor H. Metcalf was not elect
ed at the recent election to represent tne
Four-: .lifor
r.:a. but to represent the Third District,
-idence is Oakland.
ON TRANSPORTS— N.. City. A person
desiring: employment on one of the trans
thru Will carry stores I
should apply to the owners or agents of
the vessel, if it is a chartered one. and
to army headquarters if it is a vessel be
ng to the Government. At these
places the applicant will be set on the
right track.
ADDRESSES— B. H. L., City. The ad
dress of Cecil Rhodes is Kimberly.
of George W. Cable. Scribner <£
New York City: James "Whitcomb I
Indianapolis. Ind.: Charles Dudley War
ner, Harper Bros., New "-.'
Thomas A. Edison. Menlo Park. N. J.
Samuel F. Smith, author of "America,"
died in Boston November 16. -
NATIONAL MUNICIPAL LEAGUE— J.
T.. Oakland, Cal. The secretary of the
National Municipal League, which i.
its purpose the improvement of municipal
ment. is Clinton Rogers Woodruff.
514 Walnut street. Philadelphia. Pa. The
secretary of the League of America U
niclpalities. having also for iti
the betterment of municipal government,
is B. F. Gilkison, Downing building, New
York City, N. Y.
NATIONALITY A QUALIFICATION—
G. L.. City. There are a number
ganizations, social and beneficial, the
: membership of which la i
tty. That is a provision of the con
stitution of each <v - and as
y these constitutions are distributed
It is impjossible to "'give the names
, of all the societies that make nationality
i a prerequisite for membership."
MERRY TIME
IN THE HOUSE
OF MORAGHAN
James A. Is Rendered
Hors de Combat.
CAME HOME INTOXICATED
OCCASIONED EXCITEMENT IN
THE PROBATE COURT.
Judge Coffey Threatens an Attorney
With Imprisonment and Also
Decides Against His
Client.
Administration proceedings in the e3 :
tate of Julia A. Moragh'an as far as the
Superior Court is concerned closed yes
terday before Judge Coffey with a verbal
pyrotechnic display, visions of prison for
at least one attorney and indignation on
the part of the court. From out, of the
maze of dissension, however, Elsie Mo
rag-nan, decedent's daughter, walked vic
torious. The court had imposed upon her
the responsibility of handling the estate
until such time as it is ready for final
distribution. While Elsie was enjoying
the fruits of her victory, the sole person
who would deprive her of the pleasure,
her brother. James A. Moraghan. re
mained in his apartments and .nursed nu
merous discolored bumps .upon his per
son and planned to even an uneven score.
Shortly after the death of Mrs. Morag
han. who left property valued at about
550,000. including tne controlling interest
In the Moraghan Oyster Company, her
daughter. Elsie Moraghan, filed an appli
cation for letters of administration upon
her estate. James A .Moraghan was not
content to allow his sister to guide the
destiny of the estate In which he was
interested and he. too, riled a petition for
letters of administration. A3 the breech
between brother and sister grew apace
young Moraghan withdrew his applica
tion in favor of the Public Administra
tor, but rinally filed another.
Yesterday the matter of the various
applications came up for hearing. Dur
ing the course of proceedings it was
stated that a few nights ago James A.
had returned to his home in a state of
intoxication. From this statement argu
ment grew in which is was ascertained
that when young James A. returned to
his home in the condition of hilarity he
was met by a committee of three and so
severely damaged about the eyes that he
was not presentable, and in consequence
was unable to appear in court, greatly to
his disadvantage.
From the witnesses examined the story
of young Mioraghan's ••bat" gradually
came to light, and it is not without in
terest. It appears that the young. man
returned to his home and endeavored \o
make things tropical. He was set upon
by the committee of three, one of which
was his brother, but the committee ex
perienced great difficulty in handling
him. Finally the patrol wagon was rung
in for, but when It arrived, bearing two
burly policemen to the scene, ail was
ouiet. James A. was seated in a chair,
his legs securely tied, while his hands
were kept bus in an effort to cover all
bumps at once. James A. was bora de
combat, the committee was proud and
jubilant, so the police departed and left
young Moraghan to the Kindly mercy of
his conquerors.
During the proceedings in court yes
terday a few remarks were occasioned
when the treatment of James A. by the
committee of three was made public, and
finally Judge Coffey made a remark that
did not please the young mar. counsel,
especially so as an effort had been made
to transfer the rase to Judge Troutt's
court on allegations of Judge.. Coffey's
prejudice. When Judge Coffey made the
the displeasing remark Attorney D. E.
Mooney "excepted to the impertinent re
marks of the court."
When Judge Coffey recovered from . his
astonishment he informed the Attorney
that he thought the jail was yawning for
him for his contempt for the dignity of
the court. While Mooney was debating
to himself on the merits of .a few hours
in jail Judee Coffey decided the. case in
favor of Elsie Moraghan. Attorney Abe
Ruef was informed of the adverse rul
ing, for with young Mqraghan Ruefs
client, the Public Administrator, fell.
Ruef hurried into court and entered a
formal exception to the order of the
court and said that he would carry the
matter to the Supreme Court, as he did
not intend to be beat through the actions
of others, over whose temper he had no
control. j
Printing-, raving-, stamping, visiting
cards and wedding invitations at Sanborn
& Vail *
The s tr Eastern
.-. Townsend's California Glace
Fruit? " In fire-etched boxes cr jap
r Market. Palace Hotel bldg. •
Special information supplied da:!y to
business houses and puolic n
Press Clipping Bureai: a Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main Ivt2. •
Rivalry.
Little Reginald— My sister's goln* to git
married next -week.
Little Horace— Huh! That ain't nothin".
My sister's been married nearly a year
and ma says her and Ton: fights like' cats
and do- nearly every day. -.
••Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"'
j Has been use l for fifty years by millions of
; mothers tor their children while Teething ■with
: perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels ■.-..- the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising' from teething or
■ ether causes. For sale by Druggists in every
I part of the world. Be rat and ask .for Mrs.
S WiasloWs Soothing Syrup. l 7; a bottle.
HOTEL PEL. COROXADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Horn cnly *60 by
steamship, Including fifteen days' board at
hotel: longer stay. $3 per day. Apply *t 4 New
Montgomery ft . San Francisco.
Age tends to kIU the fcair and turn It gray.
I'aßkkkS Hair Balsam renews color and V.U.
ttp t>es: cure tor corni. l i jit
She Recalled an Instance.
•'Mrs. Peddicord." ! i hus
band. ever s thaw
•■Certainly. I said - and have
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Young children, to avoid
marasmus,, scrofula, or
rickets, and develop healthy
tissues, bones and teeth, need
fats and hypophosphites. Dr.
W. Oilman Thompson,
Prof. Materia Medici and
Therapeutics, in the Uni-
versity of New York, asserts
that Cod-liver Oil is the
best fat for the purpose. '
Scott's Emulsion is cod-
liver oil partly digested and
combined with hypophos-
phites, it gives children
material for rich . blood,
solid flesh, bones and teeth.
30c. and $1.00, all druggist*.
SCOTT & BOWXE, Quuaisu, New York.CAUGHT IN HEAVY WEATHER.
TEE schooner Robert Lowers suffered in a succession of gales
during the run from Honolulu to this port. Sails -were blown
away, decks -were swept and other minor damage done, but noth
ing serious. Captain Goodman started out with the steamer China
and thought of equaling her time to San Francisco, but when he
came to anchor yesterday he concluded that eighteen days was a
good passage under the circumstances.
MAIL STEAMER
AUSTRALIA IN
FROM HAWAII
Large Passenger List
From the Islands.
A SCHOONER TO CARRY OIL
A FCUR-MASTER NOW BEING
BUILT.
Seven Transports on Their Way Here
From Manila — Sailing of the
Zealandia — More Overdue
Vessels.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Aus
tralia arrived from Honolulu yesterday
mornlng after a -mart run of six days six
hours. The trar.sp.ort Zeaiandla was in
her regular berth) so she had to take the
Australian steamers' side of the wharf.
The Australia brought a large cargo and
a- full list of passengers. , ite a num
ber of soldiers came up in the steerage.
The cabin passengers were:
Mrs. Sergeant Barr and child, Mr. Boomer.
Mrs. Boomer. S. Burrill, Otorge Compere,
viffe and chiki: Mrs. M. E. Colby. Mrs. Gorgas,
V. Gcldine. Miss J. E. Grader, M. Grossman,
D.--.S, Hardin and wife. Miss Hardin, C. D.
Hardin an^i wife. D. B. Holstaader, Miss Laura
V.\ Hughtd. E. A. Huber. Miss Kitchen, Miss
A. Laaswell. Miss G. Le Page, M.-S. E. J.
L-.ridsay, Frank Lindsay. Miss J. M. Long,
Mrs. P. Lucas ar.d child, J. M. McCarthy, Mr.
McN'abb Misses McNabb. Mr. and Mrs. Mey
ers. E. K. Miller, Miss H. Mohium, Mrs. Y. C.
Montros". Miss C. Moore, J. O'Brien, A. K.
Ot\&n and v.ife. C. S. Parker. "W. B. Parsons
sni wife Miss Phillips, L. Phillips and wife.
F. Rayner and wife, • Miss a. B. Ridley.
ChaJ-ies Royce, Mlfs b. L. Schwartz, Mrs. J.
H. Sohnack and two children, Hon. H. M.
Sewel!, A. L. Young, H. A. \Videmann, Miss
E. de Larsdo. .
Her,. H. - Lted States Min
ister to Hawaii
. wn he
waa the first man ashore, and jumping
Into a hack was driven uptown. George
Comp< een in Hawaii col]
Tcaie and
He says
he has been very successful.
The Robert Lewers also ar
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SAVE YOUR SKIN
How to Preserve, Purify and Beau-
, tify the Skin and Complexion.
The clearest, softest, whitest skin, free from
pimple, spot or blemish, is produced by CUTI-
CURA SOAP, beyond all comparison the most
effective skin purifying and beautifying soap,
as well aa purest and sweetest for toilet, bath
. ar.d nursery. It prevents pimples, blackheads,
blotches, red, rough and oily ?kln and other
baby blemishes, rashes and eruptions, because
it prevents inflammation and clogging of the
PORES, the cause of most complexion dis-
figurations.
SAVE YOUR HAIR
How to Prevent Falling Hair,
Scalp Humors and Dandruff.
• Warm shampoos with CUTICURA SOAP.
followed by light dressings with CUTICURA,
purest of emollient skin cures, will clear the"
scalp and hair of cru>ts. scales and dandruff,
soothe irritating and itching surfaces, stlmii-
1-ite the hair follicles, supply the roots with
energy and nourishment and thus produce lux-
uriant hair with clean, wholesome scalp.
—————
SAVE YOUR HANDS
Hgw to Make the Hands Soft and
White in a Single Night.
'" Bathe and soak the hands on retiring: In a
Btranr, h».t creamy ■ lather of CUTICURA
SOAP. r>ry them thoroughly and anoint
freely with CTVfICURA, greatest of emollient
skin cures Wear during the night old, loose
j kid; clove* with the finger ends cut off ami
air holM cut In the palms. For red, roufrh.
.. chapped and discolored hands, dry. fissured,
itching. ft'verl»h palms, shapeless nai!.<=, with
! pafnful finger ends, this treatment is wonder-
,«ful.
Sold tl-rouehnut the world. Price. CUTI-
CURA .SOAP, 2ic; ■ ■■■. '-{A (ointment), Me.
•« POTTER DRUG AND I HEM. CORP., Sole
Props., Beaton. British depot, 1 King Ed-
ward st., London; Depot Franeflise, 113 Fau-
bourg St. Honire, Paris. C^SenJ for "Face,
likr.ds and Hair Book," free.
rived from Honolulu yesterday, but was
eighteen days making the passage. Cap
tain Goodman expected to make a record
breaking trip, but was disappointed. He '
started out Honolulu steamer China, but l
teen days making the passage. Cap-
Goodman expected to make a record
king trip, but was disappointed. He
ted out with the steamer China, but
that vessel forged ahead and took all i
the wind with her. In consequence the '•
Robert Lewers was twenty-four hours i
clearing the and of Oariu and came !
near to drifting stern first on the reef !
that guards the entrance to Honolulu. |
The captain reports rough weather near
ly all the way. Southeast gales with I
very high and rough sea were plentiful j
and the schooner's decks were half the !
time full of water. A number of sails !
were split at various times and all in all .
the Lewers had a disagreeable voyage.
The transport Conemaugh, with a cargo |
of mules for Manila, arrived at Honolulu
while the Australia was there. Five of
the animals died during the trip, and as I
soon as the transport docked the others ,
were landed for a run ashore.
A tank schooner for the oil trade be- <
tween Ventura and San Francisco is now j
being built at Eureka. She will be a ;
four-master. ISO feet long, 30 feet beam i
and 16 feet deep. She will carry -TOO tons i
of merchandise or 7500 gallons of peti - j
leum. The tanks will be built into com
partments and the oil will be run into !
them at Ventura and pumped out at San
Francisco.
Seven transports are now on their way ;
here from Manila, and during tne next
month 5000 men can be hurried to the j
front if necessary. The Hancock (ex-
Arizona) is now out twenty, the Newport >
nineteen. Warren (ex-Scandia) nineteen, I
Morgan City seventeen. Senator ten. Ohio ;
nine and Grant four days from Manila; i
and some of them should be along any j
time now. The Hancock. Warren and i
I Grant are United States vessels, and they I
will go back as soon as they can be pre
pared. The Morgan City and Ohio will
be bartered, but the chances are that
the Pacific Mail and the Pacific
Coast Steamship Company will make j
hard fights to get the Newport and Sena- j
tor back again. The Mai! Company j
wants the Newport for its Central Ameri- !
can trade, while the Pacific Coast people I
say they must have the Senator for the |
Puget Sound trade. In fact. It was only
with the understanding that the Senator j
should b» released that company per-
mined the rechartering of the City of j
Puebla.
Naval Cadets Graeme. Murfin and Hep- 1
burn and Assistant Engineer Garrisoa,
were detached from duty on the battle- •
ship lowa yesterday. Graeme and Gar- '
rison have been assigned to duty on the .
Nero and will assist In surveying the
route for a cable between Honolulu and i
San Francisco, while' Murfin and Hep- j
burn havp bef-n assigned to the Brutus ;
and will go with that vessel and her load i
of coal to Guam.
Two more British vessels have been
added to the list of the overdue*. The
Aspice left here on October 28 for Liver
pool with 7313 centals of wheat valued at j
$9141 and a very valuable general cargo;
while the Harlan-J sailed hence on No- .
vember 8 for the same port with 1150 bar
rels of flour valued at $3600 and general I
cargo. Neither vessel has been heard I
from since leaving this port and 7M; per (
cent reinsurance Is beinsr paid on them.
The transport india got away for
Manila with 600 soldiers of the Ninth Reg- ;
iment aboard last night. The men all re- |
ceived their pay before sailing, and that j
job delayed the departure of the vessel, j
The Charles Nelson, with 900 tons of,
freight and 100 soldiers and nurses, will j
follow the Zealandia to-day.
BOBBED VARIOUS SALOONS.
Alex Hedlund Steals Dozens of Silver
Knives and Forks.
Alex a well-dressed middle- ;
man, who stands 6 feet 3 inches, was f
..-r night by Detectives Ryan
■ >"D<?a while in the act of trying to
j dispose of a number of silver knives and
! forks in a Thlrd-strept pawnshop. After
! being taken to the City Prison Hedlund
I admitted that he had stolen the knives ;
i and forks from several saloons on Mar- .
ket street.
His scheme was to visit a paloon, and ;
I aftejMtirchasinfr a drink he would patron- ;
fie We lunch counter and steal as many
knives and forks as he could convenient
ly place In his coat pocket.
Among i - that suffered by his
•..•!• the Richelieu, the
Davy ' Irockett, Dunne's and "Frank's."
He also got away with a number
of silver knives from the saloons at
1614 n\ trket street. The detec- ;
j tives have thus far recovered a dozen ;
j knives and forks which Hedlund Stole
from such - he will be for- i
: . n at least ten charges of I
I petty
Hedlund claims that he was employed \
Vulcan Iron Works, and after be- \
j ing: discharged he conceived the bold \
robbing lunch counters attach- !
saloons and disposing of the plunder
to pawnbrokers as a means of livelihood, j
RIGHT OF TREE SPEECH.
; Joseph O'Brien, a Street Orator, Dis
charged From. Custody by Judge
Graham.
Joseph O'Brien, a Btreet orator, was j
charged before Judge Graham yesterday I
I with obstructing the sidewalk. He was !
J standing on a pile of lumber Sunday j
afternoon at East and Mission streets ad- I
dressing a crowd, when Policemen Whit- '
tie and McGrath arrested him.
O'Brien told the Judge that he was ad
dressing his fellow workmen on national
and said he did n I consider he '
i was. doing wrong. He was not obstruct- j
• ing the .sidewalk, as he was standing on i
v. lumber pile.
Policeman McGrath said he listened to j
O'Brien's speech, but there was no sense I
and the man was a crank. The
j crowd dispersed when asked, but O'Brien
refused to go away and was placed under
arrest.
The Judge said the defendant had ? i
perfect right to be on a lumber pile and '
;:s far as he was concerned he would up- i
• ■•■ "f free speech even!
though it should not agree with the views !
of police officers. He thought tb- case
should be dismissed, and Prosecuting At- i
torney Wentworth offering no objections j
It was so ordered. 1 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 29, 1899.
CANNOT ENJOIN
POLICE FROM
ENFORCING LAW
McEnerney Argues
Race Track Case.
NOT A QUESTION OF EQUITY
CIVIL COURTS CANNOT PROTECT
CRIMINALS.
Counsel for Respondents Contends
Chief Lees Did Not Exceed His
Authority in Arresting
Violators of the Law.
Argument in the case of the Pacific i
) Coast Jockey Club vs. I. W. Lees, Chief \
of Police, et al., on the motion to set aside i
the modification of the injunction made
1 by Judge Paingerfield was continued in |
the Superior Court yesterday afternoon
• Judge Murasky. Attorney Garret ,
McEnerney appeared for the respondents
and delivered a forcible and convincing \
argument In support of the right of the I
police to enter the grounds of the peti- j
tioners for the purpose of preventing the i
commission of crime whenever they had '
ATTORNEY McENEBNEY DELIVERING HIS ARGUMENT.
reasonable grounds for suspecting that a
violation of the laws and ordinances of
the city was being contemplated.
Attorney Ach for the Jockey Club en
deavored to bolster up his case by repeat
ed interruptions in the way of propound- j
ing hypothetical questions to the oppos- j
ing counsel, but the answers he received
were not such as he probably anticipated j
or desired. District Attorney Murphy lis- ;
tened attentively to the argument - ad- j
vanced and from time to time offered sug- !
gestions to Mr. Mi Er.erney which the lat- ]
ter was prompt to avail himself of. Chief !
Lees was also an Interested spectator, sit- |
ting hind the District Attorney through ;
the greater part of the proceedings. Har- I
ry rbett dropped in during the after
noon and remained until the conclusion j
of Mr. McEnerney's argument. He was
the only representative of the pool-selling j
fraternity present during the day. Dis
trict Attorney Murphy will make the clos
ing argument for the respondents this {
morning. As a preliminary to the formal.!
presentation of his case Mr. McEnerney |
said :
"Inasmuch as this la a motion to set |
aside the modification of the injunction,
such modification naturally leaving the |
original injunction in full effect. It is not
out of the way for me here to dwell on the
merits and legality of the original injunc- j
Mr. McEnerney ridiculed the assump- !
tion that the police were debarred by law
from entering a public or quasi-public
place without the permission of the pro- j
prietors thereof unless armed with war
rants. He held that the duty of the po- ;
lice was as much to prevent the commis- j
sion of crime as to trace down the guilty |
and secure their punishment after a
crime had been committed, and he de
clared that a court of equity was not or
ganized for the purpose of interfering
with the criminal prosecution of violators
of the laws. Before a court of equity will
Interfere it must be shown that the dam
age to the complaining party is irrepara
ble, not alone by affidavit or allegation,
but by a clear presentation of facts. In
the present case the petitioners pretend- ■
ed to have suffered by the entrance of the !
police into the grounds of the Jockey
Club without paying- the regular admis
sion fee; by the jostling of the patrons
of the races by the police; by the conse
quent disinclination of the people to re
sort to a place liable to be raided by the j
officers of the law. and by the taking of ;
personal property without due warrant, of
law. He contended that for any damage
suffered by the petitioners through any
or all of these acts they had ample re- '
course in damage suits against the re- j
spondests, individually or collectively. I
He argued, however, that the respondents |
had, in entering the premises of the peti
tioners, exercised their legal rights by I
common law.
"The exercise of his legal right by one i
man cannot result In legal injury to an- !
other," argued the attorney. "Therefore !
if the police enter the racetrack grounds,
even by the payment of the admission
fee or otherwise, they cannot injure the
proprietors, even if the patrons of the
place do flee, and the police cannot be en
joined from arresting persons discovered
in the act of violating the law. or for jost
ling those whom they arrest."
The attorney cited numerous authorities
in support of his argument that the po
lice did not exceed their authority in
forcing an entrance into the racetrack for
the purpose of preventing the commission
of crime. He knew of no decision exactly j
covering' the present case, although ho
quoted many cases in which the princi
ples involved were the same and urged
that the present afforded an excellent
opportunity for the court to render an
opinion in this specific case in line with
other decisions in conflicts between the
police authorities and known violators of
the law.
"The rule is -well established," said the
attorney, "that he who comes into equity
must come with clean hands. It Is a no
torious fact that the plaintiffs in this case
have been conducting/what is known In
common law as a disorderly house and
that gambling has been permitted to
flourish unrestricted on their grounds, all
of which is detrimental to public morality
and decency. In view of these known
facts I say an injunction restraining the
police from entering the racetrack, forci
bly or otherwise, for the purpose of put
ting a stop to this violation of the law
Will not lie. A court of equity cannot be j
successfully invoked by violators of the :
law to protect them from punishment {or
their misdeeds. A court of equity cannot
permit its process to be perverted to any
such purpose. The authority of a court
of equity certainly cannot be invoked to
enjoin the officers of the law from per
forming their duty, although in a manner
regarded possibly as oppressive by the i
plaintiffs, and restraining them for no
other purpose than that these plaintiffs
may go on with their violations of the law
unmolested. The police are authorized by
law to enter any and all public places at
any and al! times.
"The whole question is whether these
gentlemen shall permit the law to be vio
lated on their premises: whether the court
is to permit an Injunction to run against
one of the chief department? in this city
necessary to preserve law and order."
At the" conclusion of Mr. McEr.erney's
argument District Attorney Murphy an
nounced thai the subject had been so
thoroughly covered by his associate that
there was* very little he could add. He
thought he would not need more than a
half hour to present his views under the
circumstances, and with that understand
ing the case was adjourned until &:'! ! i
this morning.
FIGHTING FOR DELAY.
Bookmaker Jones' Case Up Be-
fore Judge Mocjan.
Little progress was made in the trial
of H. I- Jones, one "of the bookmakers
arrested under the anti-poolselling ordi
nance. In Police Judge Mogan'a Court
'•day afternoon. Henry Ach, the
attorney for the bookmakers, being en
gaged in Superior Judge Murasky's
Court. J. D. Long appeared for the de
mt and moved for a continuance
until Acn could be present. Judge Mogan
denied the motion, and then Long began
a hard fight for time. First he filed a
written objection to the venire or 100
jurors summoned to try the case. His
objections were many, but each was
overruled in turn by the Judge. Chief
Lees and Policemen O'Meara andO Keele
were placed on the stand to show that the
venire was properly drawn and th^
legally summoned. Long dark
[la for the Chl»..i" and his eubordl
which they were can ful not I
into. The clerk was ordered to call the
roll of the panel and about thirty failed
jwer their names. Long objected to
a jury beii : until the full panel
was present, but the Judge overruled his
twelve T veniremen
:• ■ • • box. The remaind
fternoon was consumed In examin
ing the twelve, : and
Their names
hi. Gallinarer, grain
0 Davia street; M. B. '"avanaugh,
grocer. 106 Third street: Dudley i
restaurant keeper. 28 First street; George
McLeod. 634 Howard; A. W. Kirk, op
tician, 16 Kearnj ; Es. B. Home, wool
■ 10 Davis street: G. B. La Rose,
• er, U'f. Fifth street: Daniel Block.
126 New Montgomery Street. The
will go on again to-morrow afternoon.
TO PROTECT HIS WIFE.
Cause of the Arrest of Louis O'Far
rell Yesterday.
Louis O'Farrell was arrested for va
grancy yesterday on complaint of F. S.
Wensinger of Freestone, Sonoma County.
It was not f r >r vagrancy he was wanted,
however, nor will Wensinger prosecute
the case. He says he swore fuit th<_- war
rant to protect O'Farrell's wife, whom,
he says. Q'Farrpll twice tried to kill.
O'Fafren is a nephew of Mrs. Wensin
ger and is a brother of J. J. O'Farrdl of
thin city. According to Wensinger he has
been leading an intemperate life ever
since his marriage sewn years ago, and
finally he started for Manila, leaving his
family unprovided for. He came hack
broke a few weeks ago, Wensinger
and resumed his former Intemperate
habits. Yesterday morning Mi.-. O'Far
rell went down to the Occidental Hotel.
where Wensinger has been staying sine*.
Saturday last, and told Wensinger that
her husband had tried to kill her Monday
night and that morning had assaulted
her with a knife and had driven her out
of the house. She said she was afraid
to go back, and to prevent further trou
ble Wensinger had O'Farrell arrested. ,
This morning hp will send Mrs. O'Farreil
and her three children up to his place at
Freestone and then the charge ag
O'Farrell will be dismissed.
A Game of Freeze Out.
B. A. Goodman, a colored man. got into
a game of freeze-out in a saloon on
Stockton and O'Farrell streets, early yes
terday morning, and after he had put up
$*3 one of the players, when called,
showed a better hand than Goldman, who,
however, claimed that he bad been cheat
ed, as the other player had been dealt six
He was detained In the room
while tho man with the money made his
G Idman later notified Policemen
Purvos and Burns, and they arrested
Charles ( 'ra:c. a waiter, who was identi
v Goldman, and booked at the City
: on charges of grand larceny and
vagrancy. _
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bush and Larkln its. Swimming, Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Salt waterdlrectfromocean.
Restored to Her Parents.
Sarah Marco, the 16-year-old girl, who
was supposed to have been abducted by
Thomas Chenlch. who la under arrest,
was found yesterday afternoon by Detec
tive Anthony living with a family at 1523
Railroad avenue, Alameda, She claimed
that her father had ill treated her, and
rather than further tolerate his abus-i
she left her home and went to Alameda.
She was taken into custody and after
being locked up for a short time her
mother appeared and took her home. The
father of the girl indignantly denies that
he had abused her.
Writing papers, pens. Inks, blank books I
and legal blanks cheap at Sanborn &
Vaii's. • i
ADVERTISEMENTS. _^
\•: . J #
jfhe Whole
| Truth
5 Nearly every woman in America needs
% treatment at some time in her life for troubles S
of the generative organs.
5 To treat these cases properly it is necessary
5 to know all about them, and full information v
5 many times cannot be given by a woman to J
her family physician. She cannot bring herself J
to tell everything \/^*A /]/?/;</ %
and the physician is T^S y^yy<^^
W at a constant dis-^^> 1/v^ p-f^^ s^^^fu
advantage. ,| L<^^) W[
2 firs. J. F. Stretch, 461^1 f^mllli M
HT nechanic St., Camden, j^ mm i
tN. J. writes: '_ -^ Hill '//
"Dear Mrs. Pixkham— ll^P^-Si 1 ' 1 v I
£ I was a sufferer from female lll^Q>KL V
weakness. Every month 5^ ' lIIpPt '1 1
regularly as the menses Hi^^viliS- ' '
came, I suffered dreadful "" i^Htii '
pains in uterus, ovaries : — l^fimß l^ cf?
X v^-ere affected and had leu- Ivpiiil il^
(& corrhcea. I had my children B
j^ how I ever lived. I Vfrote*^^==== ===:= 7g3£ /cvH^^^i lll'JlUjlj I .
? iMarieLemp, 108 2dAve., Ji^|^^^^^^^^^
Vegetable Compound is [j ' '__ '^l^^^^lllliil ! M 1(1
all women who suffer from these complaints to try it."
\ Mrs. Remicker Finds Relief From Pain. &
0 "Dear Mrs. Pinkham — I feel it my duty to write and thank v
£ you for what your Vegetable Compound has done for me. It
JV is the only medicine I have found that has done me any good.
Before taking your medicine, I was all run down, tired ail the
*jp [ time, no appetite, pains in my back and bearing-down pains, J&
and a great sufferer during menstruation. After taking two
W bottles of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound I felt like
0 a new woman. lam now on my fourth bottle and all my ,A-
j^ pains have left me. I feel better than I have felt for three XT
ffi years and would recommend your Compound to every suffer- &
*gj ing woman. I hope this letter will help others to find a cure
jv for their troubles."— Delia Remicker, Rensselaer, Ind.
\ Another Tumor Successfully Expelled. %
W "Two years ago I was a great suffeier from womb trouble
and profuse flowing each month, and tumors would form in
Jfc the womb. I had four-tumors in two years. I went through *x
f^ treatment with doctors, but they did me no good, and I thought
£p I would have to resort to morphine. The doctor said that all f
that could help me was to have an operation and have the womb jL
XT' removed, but I had heard of Mrs. Pinkham's medicine and de- $*
cided to try it, and wrote for her advice, and after taking her |»
Vegetable Compound the tumors were expelled and I began to
fr get stronger right along, and am as well as ever before. Can 9
6 truly say that I would never have gotten well had it not been for m)
]a Lydia B. Pinkham's Compound. I cannot praise it enough. " —
X*' Mary A. stahl, Watsontown, Pa. x^
X Every woman puzzled about her health ?
may write to Mrs. Pinkham, at Lynn, Mass., xj
and will receive advice promptly, free of all 9
v charge. &
% More Than a Million Women Have Been £
# Helped by Mrs, Pinkham's Advice d>
£ and Medicine. J
Oppression, Suffocation. Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Paris, J. EBPIC ; New York, E. FOUQEKA * CO.
SOLD BT ALL DRUGGISTS.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
la ft ; ' n - Hiii specific tGnio I
tot the sexual and urinary organs of both*'
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of the j
kidneje and bladder. A creat K.;storative. i
Invifforator and NVrvine. Sells on Us own
Merits; nn lonar-wlnded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALFS & BRL'NK. Agents.
323 Market street. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
NIGHTLY OVATIONS!
THE FAMOUS \.
BOSTONIANS.
LAST 4 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY. "
The Great Romantic Opera Success.
ROB ROY!
PRICES.. : 50c, Too. $1 and $150.
Next Monday— "THE SERENADE."
SEATS READY TO-MORROW MORNINO.
MATINEE TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY).
Parquet, any Beat, .« . Balcony, 10c; Child-
: ren, 10c, any part.
BIG BILL Or
£Ta VAUDEVILLE
v3E? stars...
THE MATWEEFS, Europe's Greatest Acro-
*PANTZER BROS., Equilibrists.
FANTZER BROS.. Equilibrist?.
MANNING AND WESTON*. Star Vocalists.
OLA HAYDEN. Girl Barytone.
GYPSY QUINTET. New Repertoire.
PERCY honri, THE DARTOS. MR. AND
MRS. WILLIAM robyns AND barnes
AND SISSON.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
Last Week of the Laughing Hit,
_
NERVES.
ONLY MATINEE.— _- • ■ SATURDAY
: 15c, 25c, RE s 6^s ED 35c, 50c.
NEXT WEEK,
"CHARITY BALL"
ALHAMBRA THEATER.
Corner of Eddy and Jones Streets.
THIS EVENING
The Great Emotional Actress,
AGNES HERNDON,
Supported by Albert A. Andruss and the Al-
hambra. Eastern Stock Company, in
the Latest New York Melo-
dramatic Success, '
"SAVED FROM THE FLAMES"
: New and Beautiful Scenery and Sensational
Effects.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
; Prices 10c. 15c, 25c and Jso
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling Proprietor and llgr.
TO-NIGHT AT 8:10.
Baife's Ballad Opera,'
THE BOHEMIAN GIRL
AN ALL-STAR CAST.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 P. M.
TO BEGIN NEXT MONDAY EVENING,
OUR EASTER EXTRAVAGANZA.
"BEAUTIFUL GOLDEN LOCKS."
, The Finest Home Production Ever Offered in
This City.
POPULAR PRICES Be and 60c.
N. B. — reserved seat for the Matinee. .....250 .
OUR TELEPHONE. Bush 9. .
! GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
! Morosco Amusement Co. fXa > Lessee
A BRILLIANT OPENiNG!
SATURDAY EVENING ..April L 1593
THE SOUTHWELL OPERA GO.
THE BLACK HUSSAR.
S years at the Grand Opera House, Philadelphia
! i Prima Donnas— 2 Tenors— Chorus of 40.
! Orchestra floor and dress circle
(reserved) .. $1.00
, Admission— floor, la3t 4 row«
not reserved) SO
Family circle (reserved) 2.1
Gallery (not reserved) 15 " .
NOTE— Seats on sale all this week.
...OLYMPIA...
Eddy St.. Cor. Mason.
America Most Beautiful Music Hall.
ALL. GREAT EASTERN STAR SPECIAL-
TIES.
SIG. ANTONIO VARGAS
World Famous Barytone. >*« •
Dv Dell gKSt Dv Dell
Aerial Artist.
The Star Hit of the Year.
OUERITrt VINCENT,
Queen of All "Coon" Songstresses, in New
Repertoire.
TWELVE ALL-STAR SPECIALTIES. , .
Admission Free. Matinee Sunday.
CONCEETS AND iiESOKTS.
THE CHUTES.
THIS WEEK.' AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
DERENDA. Monarch of Club Swingers: LAU-
RENT. King of Magic: THE FOUR MILTONS,
i Refined Musicians; SHERMAN A MORRISET.
! the Great Comedy Acrobats: NEW ANIMATO-
i SCOPE VIEWS. ETC.
TO-MORROW NIGHT,
AMATEUR "TRILBY" DANCE.
SALLY JOE CONGO SUNDAY.
DUMCMLTY.
rfTßtB WELL-KNOWN' AND RELIABLE OLD
| J. Special istciir« Private. Nervous. and Blood Dis-
i eases "- Meu only. Boolv on Private .Diseases and
i Weaknesses of Mec.free. Over 20y'rs' experience.
; P»tlentscuredai Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
to3daliy:S.3otoB: O «*v'gs. 'iiys. 10 to 12. Consul-
tation fee and sacredly confidential. Cull.oraddresa
P. KOBCUE MfMLTY. M.».
20, lienrny St., San Francisco. Cal.
j — , — —
©ti €filchc;tcr"a'EasL«»h Diamond Brand.
f ENNYRQYAL PILLS
ENNYRQYAL PILLS
a /- < v i». Original and Only Genuine. A
V//"li>/X •«fe, *:«>?• rsUable. laoiis uk iSTV
£. *\ V^-MK Drarrirt for C\i;.\c*iert S-ig'.uX 2-a-/g7\£*
b^gf^fß^mond Brand in Red md Gold an\l\le\\gsr
*J-v — »T*fiWboxe«. »t»Jed with blue ribt»a. Take \S»
W1 iy<4; flvjno other. R'f>±s' dangr-oul fi.i'.'.iu- v
I"/ ~ tff tisnt and imitations. At Dr«ji;ljti. or inl 4a,
I W Jg ia (tamp* for particni»r«. t»«'-iao«ri»li »a 4
V V 19 " Kcll«»f for La<ltnt." inlttter. by retmra
•A If Hall. 10,000 T--i-coi»ls /Toot Payer.
. > *— "/ Chl»>»e»terCkemlcali:o^Ha4l»oßB<ia«r%
Aria J>T »U Local OrogjUt*. PHIL A!> F?
-
I A PERMANENT CURE 1
S of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea 5
C *nd Gleet, Ruaranteed in from 3 to 6 C
C days ; i.a other treatment required. 5 '
> " Sold by all druggists. >
■■BHaiiUUUJUSHBUUaMajBXiHLSaHiBhB'
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
MART OF THE MARKETS.
■ . -■
Silver lower,
Pt«rlins Exchange higher.
Wheat and Barley futures declined.
Oats and Rye lower and dull.
Corn unchanged snd inactive.
Another shading in Hay.
Bran and Middlings easy.
Beans and Seeds unchanged.
Potatoes steady and Onions firm.
Butter weak. Eggs steady
Poultry firm and ir. light supply.-
Strawterries declining.
,\pp!es scare. Fine Oranges firm.
Dried Fruits unchanged.
Provisions inactive.
Wool still du!l.
Hops and. Hides unchanged.
r.eef firm. Veal steady.
Mutton, Lamb and Pork still lower.
Grain Bags firm.
Oils unchanged. .
D FRUIT IN NEW YORK.
The New-' York Commercial Fays: There ap
••--a'-s to t>e a strong demand for peaches at
about- previous price*, especially from the Mid
dle West. Conditions favor holders, but to se
c ■':.-- the possible Urge business me shading
it existing quotations would be necessary. This
holders re:u?e ar.d trade is restricted in conse
quence "With supplies unusually short, prac
tically gone from first hands and
Otherxvarieties held in smaller ....-unity than
■ulual nt this season, holders think they have
the -be^t of the argument and refuse conces
sfoni. be&vlns that prospective purchaser.
xnusiicomeito their terms or so without. There
i-I no quotable change in prices, but buyers
•.->d make their own terms.
rApricots are In small supply and quotations
are steady on all grades, with Borne prospect
of further advance?, as stocks move out. A
fortnight aso a conservative estimate placed
av&Uable rtScks at five car, or. the spot, and It
is so:.1 that a larger proportion of those are
sold if .not all. On the coast the .ituat.on '.3
the same. There are almost none in first
hands and second hands hold .;p!ies firmly.
ft:sinc th> Oichtest concession. There 13
stronglinqulry from the Middle West, but no
Krtint, sales are reported, because holders'
views r>re shove the ideas of buyers. .„.
Prunes continue in active demand .with prices
{endine upward. It is reported that prices on
the coast have been advanced mi average of V«c
on! nearly all sizes. For the past few lays de
war.rt here has been principally for 90-100 - and
me sizes nearest to that. No large sales are
[reported but there are negotiations under way.
itiis said, v.-hich will mere closely concentrate
the'remainder of last year's crop held In first
hands anywhere in the .country- No price
rtar-jres of importance wer<- nouM and there
waijno change n the general conditions but
rout.d!ng;the trade! The fact that all supplies
regardless cf their position are firmly held, is
evidence enough; according to holders, to ' Prove
that prices will advance gradually with en
fcrtfng demand.
THE WEATHER REPORT.
(lt'th Meridian—Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO. March 2S. 5 p. m.
• lTh* following ar'<» the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date
lust "season, and rainfall In last twenty-four
ThlF Last
Station?— 24 Hours. Season. Season
25.61
■ Tied 1 Bluff *.*."" ' 0.54 If*-1"* 12.05
faVramento Trace 13.91 8.89
San-Francisc^ Trace US 7.56
4.10
R^i-i^:::::: $m 4i3 (%
SanfoWo'..'.." 0.00 4.M 4.09
Turria o.oo= 1-34 1.6.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
fS; minimum, 51: mean. 53.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Th» weather is cloudy and threatening over
the Pacific Slope. Light ralna or snows have
fallen in all districts except Southern Call
fornia'and Arizona.
The storm *-ft the Oregon ast this mornine
ha= moved Inland and divided. One portion
is now central in British Columbia and the
ether in P.'Utiiern Nevada.
The barometer continues to fall slowly.
There has been a fall in temperature west
of the Rocky Mountains and a rise to the
«-a?t of Ov-m'.
The rivers are falling slowly throughout <""al-
Frreopst made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, March 29:
Northern California—Showers Wednesday;
fresh southerly wind.
California—Showers Wednesday;
'cooler in northeast portion; fresh west wind.
Nf-vada — Rain or snow Wednesday.
Utah—Rain or snow Wednesday; cooler.
Arizona—Rain in north portion; fair in south
portion Wednesday: cooler.
Ban Francisco and vicinity —Showers Wednes
day, fresh southwest wind.
' G. H. WILLSON, Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. March 2«.— Strength prevailed
nearly all day In the stock market, with total
dealing; 5 of over a million shares. The effect
of extensive realizing was not felt until near
the close, when the tone was easy; but reces
sions still left material advances in many
s.tpcks. London after some early purchasing I
sold freely on the advance here, but the stock !
was well taken. Sterling exchange was strong
and th* money easier. Call money, which
hud touched 6 per cent, was loaned at the
close at 4'i. An incident bringing forth fav
orable comment was the week's increase of
over a million in exports of merchandise.
Practically the only laggards in the list wera
the Morgan stock*, including the coalers, I
Louisville, Atchlson preferred and Manhattan.
The latter was weak on threatened increase In
the competition by the underground road which
the Metropolitan Company offered to construct.
! Metropolitan jumped to 'IVZ at the opening on
the assumption that it would profit by an
underground railway, l><»ing thus relieved of
the land haul on its surface cars. The stock
laier lost two points of its advance. lie
conspicuous strength of Northwest, which
made a net advance of 7*4 after an extreme
advance of ■ five points more, had a good ef
fect on other ways, particularly the Van
derbllu Pacifies. Omaha rising 2% points. The
decrta^a of February surplus earnings for Bur
lington had a momentary depressing effect on
; the stock, but It closed at about the best.
Sruirar on comparatively moderate dealings rose
I\i, retaining more than half of its advance.
T'-.bao'.o stocks wt-re sharply advanced In an
ticipation of the increased capitalisation of the
American Tobacco Company at the stockhold
ers' meeting to-day. Brooklyn Transit ad
■\a_nced five points and Consolidated Gas four,
while American Tin Plate and People's Oas
also showed strength. One reason assigned for
the strength In a number of the standard rail
. frays wfi.-- the re investment of money received
by the sale of Chicago and Alton stock to the
.purchasing syndicate. The advance In North
. west. Union Pacific and New York Central
was coupled in some quarters with expressions
of confidence that the roads would be amalga
mated, although this story recently met em
phatic denials from the Vanderbllt interest.
The bond rcarket moved .strongly upward in
sympathy with the stock movements. Total
eales, J4,450,000.
United States Id 4b and the £3 advanced
% Jn the bid price.
. The total sales of stocks to-day were 1,083,200
■ shares, including: Atchison preferred, 46,990;
Central Pacific, 3439; Burlington, 33,120; Man
hattan. 21.525; Metropolitan, 20,700: Missouri
Pacific. 6800; New York Central, 16,572; North
ern Pacific, 15,6!j0; do preferred, 6500; North
western, 15. 635; Rock Island, 7333; Union Pa
cific, 24,150; St. Paul, 25.671; Texas and Pacific,
4910: Union Pacific preferred. 22,940: American
Steel and Wire, 13,900; Paper, 3760: Tobacco,
17.660: -Federal Steel. 75.125; do preferred. 23.160-
People's Oas. 13.900; Colorado Fuel and Iron
4600; Brooklyn Transit, 98.640; Sugar, 15,472;
Tennessee Coal and Iron, 11,810; Leather pre
ferred, 3G50; Rubber, 8420: St. Louis and South
western, 6545: do preferred, 12,975; Chicago
Great Western, 6940.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchieon 22% St L & S F 12*,
Do prefd 63 Do prefd 71
Baltimore & Ohio. 73 St Paul 129>£
Canada Pacific S6',i Do prefd 17014
Canada Southern.. »"'"■' ; St P A Ora gsu
Cent Pac 52',; Do prefd 170 "
Ches & Ohio 28^4, 1 So Pacific 36%
Chi & A1t0n.... 173% So Railway 13
Chi B & Q H.v, Do prefd 52V«
Chi & E 111 7i', Texas & Pacific... 22%
Do prefd 122>« Union Pacific |6U
Chi G W 16% : Do. prefd 82! i
Chi Ind & L 8 V [• D& G 12%
Do prefd .., 112 :Wabash 8
Chi & N W 159 Vi Do prefd 23V4
Do prefd 193 Wheel &L E 11%
C C C & St L 59<4| Do prefd 32
. Do prefd -.97 ' Express Companies
Del & Hudson lIT-s Adams Ex .' 113
. Del L & W ITI-j American Ex 140
"Den &. Rio G 23~* United States 53
Do prefd- 7<)' Wells Fargo 125
Erie new •- 14 Miscellaneous —
■ Do Ist prefd .... 3.f% A Cot Oil 2«%
Ft Wayne 180 Do prefd 92%
Ot Nor prefd l&2 ! -i Ann Spirits 13 T *
Hocking Val £& Do prefd 39%
Illinois Cent 116% Am Tobacco 225
Lake Erie &- W..115-* Do prefd 127
Do prefd 67 Cons Gas 207%
" Lake Shore 300 Com Cable Co 180
L;uis & Nash 65% Col F & Iron €3%
-.Manhattan L UP 1 * I Do prefd 35
Met St Ry 2«7%'Gen Electric 11SH
Mich Cent 113 Haw Conil Co 77
Minn & St L 51 Brooklyn R T 127%
Do Ist prefd 99 Ir.tnl Paper 54
Mo Pacific 47 4 Do prefd 82
Mobile & 0hi0.... 44 Laclede Gas 54
Mo X & T 13% Lead 15%
■ Do prefd 39% Do prefd 113
N J Central HSVi Fed Steel «2
N V Central 139% Do prefd 88%
N V Chi &St L... 14 Nat Lin Oil 6
Po Ist prefff .... 66 Pacific Mall 48%
' Do id prefd .... 34 People's Gas 124%
Nor West IS% Pullman Pal 160
- No Amer Co 9% Silver Cert ........ 60
No Pacific 63 Standard R & T.. 11H
•Do :,rr-id 78% Sugar 164%
Ontario '& W 2SV4: Do prefd 117
■Or R A' Nay 40 TC & Iron U%
• Do prefd" ... v ... 70 XI 8 Leather 64
Or Short Lln»V../im ' Do jirejhl ...-.■...,: 73*
Pac Coast Ist pfd. H' |U B Rubber 53% .
Do 2d prefd 62 I Do pr«"f<l H<>^ j
Pittsburg isa West Union 93k l
Reading 24»»:Amn S & W Co.. 6Pi -
Do Ist prefd .... O\\ Do preM K'l4
ROW 35 Pao Coast 43 ]
Do prefd T7' 4 Colo Southern — I
Rock Island 110*4 Do prefd 55 <
~ 2d pr^fd 40'^ r>° "A prefd 2ots <
St L & S W lHi Con Tobacco st> ]
Do prefd 14 I Do prefd 304 ]
CLOSING BON
CS 3s .._. LOS NY Central 15t5.114% ,
U 6 newTO res 1-j N J C H 11S4
Do coiJJT 129 North Carolina 65. 130
C ? 4s 112 i Do 43 104
Do coup 11344 No Pac Ist* 117
Do 2ds Mhi Do 3s 68
V B Be reg 112 V; Do 4s 103i -*
Do. coup 11214 NYC &S L t0.. .107%
District 3.65s 117 .Nor & W 6s 130
Ala class A 110 [Northwest c0n5015. 1424 ;
Do B 110 i Do deb 5s 123 {
Do C 100 O Nay Ists 11l
Do Currency ....l(<0 O Nay 4s 192 \
Atchieon 4s 103 10 S Line 6a tr....1254 •
Do ad.l 4s 64% 0 B Line ss, tr....H0 ;
Can So 2ds 101 (Reading 4s 89% 1
C& O 4%« 93VR G W Ists 9S J
Chicago Term 45..100% St L & I M Con 85.111%
C&O 5s ISO 8t L& S F Gen 6s. 123
CHAD 4Us 104* St P Con 169
D & R G Ists 108%jSt P C & P 15t5. .1214 1
D & R O -is 101% Do 5s 120% 2
East Term 15t5. ...105 Bo Ry 5s IGS I
Erie Gen 4s 73 : , Standard R&T6s >"v I
F W & D tsts tr.. Term new set 3?.. 97 1
Gen Elec 5s 115 Tex Pac L G 1?t3.112*i <
G H & A 65. ...11 l Do Reg 2ds 54
Do 2ds 110 Union Pae 4s ... 104*;
H & TC 5s 112 UPD & G Ists.... 93%
Do con 6s 110 Wabasfc Ist 5s . llo'i
lowa C lsts 109 ' Do Ms 974
La new consols 4s. 1094 :W Shore 4e 114 ,
L & N t T ni 45...... 96 Va Centuries 84
Mo Pac Con 6s 1204: Do deferred 9
M X & T 2ds 6S\4IWls Cent lets .... 694
Do 4s .-4 : -5 Colo P.-":thern 45.. 86%
MINING STOCKS. i
Chollar 3* | Ontario 600 <
Crown Point 30]Ophir 1 20
Con CaJ & Va.... a 35! Plymouth 10 M
Deadwood I Quicksilver 200 ■
Gould & Curry — 45 Do prefd 650
Hale & Norcross.. Sol Sierra Nevada 125
Homestake 55 00 Standard 2 25 i
Iron Silver 65 j Union Con 65
Mexican 75 Yellow Jacket .... 30 1 •
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— lWls Cent 1%
Call loans 3©4 Ed Elec Tel 200
Time loans 8%©4% 1 Atch'.son prefd ... IS 1
Stocks — 1 Bonds—
A T & 3 Fe Atchieon 4* 100%
Amer Sugar 164% (Win Cent Is 89
Do prefd 1164 Mining Shares-
Bell Tel 365 lAllouez Mm Co ... 94
Boston & Albany. 24? ; Atlantic 334
Boston & Maine. .l 73 'Boston <§• Mont.... 360
Boston. L lOO^jlßutte & Boston. $74
Chi Bur & Q 1454iCalumet & Hec1a,.760
Fltchburg :2i'-- Centeqplal 47%
Gen Electric 119 Franklin 26
Fed Steel 61% i Old Dominion 45
Do prefd FSH'Oseeola 93
Mexican Cent 6%iQuincy 16S
Old Colony 202 Tamarack 249
Rubber 534 ! Wolverine 45
Union Pac 4S*4;Parrott 464
West End 934iHumboldt 2%
Do prefd 1124 [Adventure 14
Westingh Elec .... 4*4 Union Land 84
Do prefd 994!Winona 74 !
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
"WASHINGTON. March 29.— T0-day's State
ment of the condition of the Treasury shows:
Available cash balance, J252.013.686; gold re
serve, $242,802,766.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. March 2*.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were stagnant to-day on ac
count of the settlement and the impending hol
idays. The tone was excellent. Americans be
gan firm, then relapsed into dullness all day.
New York selling slightly. In the street, how
ever there was an excited spurt, led by Union
and Northern Pacifies on New York buying.
The close was near the best.
Coppers were good early, on a pound rise in
the metal. The close was under the best.
Tlntos were 40*%; Ajjacondas, 9: Utabs, 8 9-16.
Money was In strong demand and the bank
lent freely.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific. 89%; Northern Pacific pre
ferred, &1%; Union Pacific preferred, 63%;
Grand Trunk, 8%.
Bar Silver, 27 MM. Money, 2% per. cent.
NEW YORK PRODUCE MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 2S.— FLOUR— Receipts,
24.600 barrels; exports, 6142 barrels. Market
neglected and weaker.
WHEAT— Receipts, 41.600 bushels: exports,
31.R73 bushels. Spot weak. No. 2 red, 81% c
t. o. b. afloat to arrive. Options opened weak
and were influenced all day by local liquida
tion, heavy outside selling. — rif-h cables and '
foreign selling. Furthermore home crop news ;
was less bullish owing to snows over the
wheat belt. There were few rallies and the
market eloped 1%®1%C net decline. March.
f>2£S24c. closed 82% c; May, 75%@78 11-16, c,
closed at 75»ic: July, 74=*'@75%c, closed 74*bc;
September, 72%@73%c, closed 72*»c.
HOPS—
HIDES— 6teady.
WOOL— Dull.
METALS— Copper and tin made a sharp up
turn in to-day's market, lead developed weak- 1
ness and iron was nominally lower. Business
in tin and copper was brisk, but in the other
■Hepartmentfi hung fire to a crrtaln degree, j
Firmer London cables and strong news from
the West were chiefly responsible for the sud
den activity or consumers in the department
favorably affected in the local market. At
the clo*e the Metal Exchange called:
PIGIRON — Warrants, nominal, with $10 50
bid and $11 asked.
LAKE COPPER— and higher, with
117 50 bid and $17 75 asked.
TlN— Firm and higher, with $24 "bid and $24 15
asked.
LEAD— Weak, with $4 324 bid ana $4 374
asked. The brokers' price for lead is $4 20
and for copper $17 75@18.
SPELTER— Unchanged, with $6 35 bid and
%i 40 asked.
COFFEE — Options closed quiet at net un
changed prices. Sales, 3000 -bags, including: ]
May. $5 05; October, $5 45; November, $6 45;
i December, $5 60. Spot coffee — Rio, dull. No.
7 invoice, 6 il-16c; No. 7 Jobbing, 6 9-16 c. Mild,
quiet. Cordova, 8(9 14c.
SUGAR— Raw. steady. Fair refining, I'M'".
centrifugal. 96 test, 4%c; molasses sugar, 3»4c.
• Refined, inactive, but steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 10,529 packages. Steady.
Western creamery, 17<g22c; Elgins. 22c; fac
tory. 12@14%c.
EGGS— Receipts, 22,163 packages. Steady.
State and Pennsylvania, 13?ic; Western, 13% c;
, Southern. 13@13Vsc.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, March California dried
' fruits, steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7@B4c;
j prime wire tray, 8%@8%c; choice, 9@9%c; fan
cy, 9%t<gloc.
PRUNES—
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 13@14c; Moorpark, 134®
: 17c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, B^llc; peeled, 25@2Sc.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, March Milder weather and a
I heavy fall of snow over a large section of the
winter wheat country gave wheat a weak start.
Liverpool sent lower quotations to begin with
j and still lower at a later stage. New York
, wired that foreigners were selling freely at the
j seaboard. The Southwest, which has of late
1 been the beet buyer, turned seller. Local
shorts had covered so freely recently that the
1 market got little support from that interest, !
I and with so much in the situation that was ;
against the price liquidation gradually carried
the price down. There was a marked falling
oft in crop damage complaints. - It was not
claimed that the winter crop damage, which re
cently has so harrowed up the feelings of
speculators, has been repaired. Nevertheless
the action of the market suggested an im
i pression that some such idea prevailed In the !
! pit. Atlantic port clearances of wheat and
: flour were 154,000 bushels. An Improvement of
! 1@24 centimes at' Antwerp and a report of the
i Orange Judd Farmer making the average con
dition of winter wheat 82.1, against 53. 6 last,
' year, were the Incentives that arrested the i
! decline. Bradstreet's statement of 759.Q00
bushels decreased world's visible supply had j
; a slightly bullish effect, but the bulls were not
: aggressive, while the bears were Inclined to
i press the advantage already gained, so that
I no permanent material improvement was ef
! fected. May wheat opened 4'9"%c lower at
from 71% c down to 714 c, sold sparingly at
71% c and from that gradually down to 70 7
: and in the final struggle to 70% c. It closed
with buyers at 70% c.
Corn was heavy on quite a moderate amount
I of speculative trade. The weakness of wheat
' was the chief Influence and lower quotations
1 from Liverpool likewise helped. May corn
! closed %c lower.
Oats were weak and lower, due to the lib
! eral selling by longs and the easiness of wheat
i and corn. May oat 6 lost 4'9%c.
Selling by packing concerns, which have re
recently been the best buyers, weakened pro
■ visions. The weakness of grain? and lack '
of speculation assisted in the decline. May !
pork lost 15c. lard 10c and ribs 74c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
! Wheat No. 2—
: May 71*4 71% 70% 70%
July 70% 71 70% 704 j
! Com No. 2—
! May •' 25% 3« 35% 35%
July 364 864 36 364 !
September 37 37 36% 36%
Oats No. 2—
: May 26% 26% 264 26% I
! July 25% 26% 24% 25
Mess Pork, per bbl—
; May » 274 9 27% 8 12% 9 12%
i July 940 9 424 8 274 9 27%
! Lard, per 100 lbs—
I May 6«4 6 424 8 82% S 324
I July  6 55 5 55 6 45 6 45
I September 6 87% 6 674 660 560
Short Ribs. per 100 lbs—
May 4 824 4 824 4 774 4 77%
•July 495 4 07% 4 874 490
j September 6 07% 5 07% 5 024 6 024
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
i steady; No. 2 Spring Wheat. .894®714c: No. 3
i Spring Wheat. 64(f7CWc; No. 2' Red, 73@75c: No.
l.»!ccCT,js^£j No. 3 Wf. 2V*QI No. 8 Wlute >
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 29, 1899.
3>""534c; No. 3 White. 29»4®30c; No. 2 Rye. 54c;
No. 2 Barley. 37®47c: No. 1 Flaxseed, $121:
Prime Timothy Seed, $2 35: Mess Pork, per bbl.
«9tf?9 03; Lard, per 100 lbs, $5 22%@5 25; Short Rib
Sides (loose), J4 45@4 85; Dry Salted Shoulders
iboxerl). 4%1T-i%c; Short Clear Sides (boxed).
SSOofialo: Whisky, distillers' finished goods,
per gal. $1 2(5; Sugars, Cut Loaf, $5 S3; Granu
lated. $5 33.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 25.000 23.0vX)
Wheat, bu 31,000 31.009
Corn, bu 118,000 174,000
Oats bu 3 15. 000 257,000
Rye, bu 7,000 2.000
Barley, bu 59,000 12.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm: creamery, 14g21c: dairy, 11%
iglSc; eggs, steady; fresh, 11%@12c; cheese,
steady; creams, 11%@12%e.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities — Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 128.790 17,710
Puluth 121.059 5,29?
Milwaukee 42.000 26.800
Chicago
Toledo 6.673 9.000
St. Louis 11.000 64,000
Detroit 4,827 1.557
Kansas City 12,500 8,00-)
Totals
Tidewater-
Boston 17,234
New York 41.600 51.8T3
Philadelphia 3.122 13.643 i
Baltimore 1,884
New Orleans 40,000
Galveston 40,620 pfriTTr*
Totals
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— March. May. July.
Opening 5 5% 5 iM
Closing.... 6 4% 5 4%
PARIS FUTURES.
; Flour 1 — March. May.
Opening 42 90 43 50
Closing 42 70 43 35
Wheat—
: Opening 20 85 20 95
Closing 20 85 20 85
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
-
NEW YORK. March 28.— Special cable and
telegraphic advices to Bradstreet's indicate the
■ following changes in the available supplies of
■ grain last Saturday, as compared with tha
: preceding Saturday:
"heat, United States and Canada, east of
; the Rockies, increase, 311,000 bushels; Liver
pool Corn Trade News, afloat lor and in Eu
rope, decrease, 1,100,000. Total supply, decrease.
789,000 bushels.
Corn, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease, 122, "00 bushels.
Oats. United States and Canada, east of the
Rookies, increase, 114,000 bushels.
'The aggregate stocks of whuat held at Port
land Or., and Tacoma and Seattle, Wash.,
decreased 113,000 bushels during the week.
CITRUS FRUITS IN THE EAST.
NEW YORK, March 28.— The Journal of
Commerce says: Notwithstanding the fact
that supplies of lemons in jobbers' hands are j
1 reported to be quite full the market appears :
1 to be much firmer than at this time a week
I ago. Recent arrivals have shown a rather
I small percentage of good shipping stock, par
> ticularly of the email fancy grades, and these,
I being especially wanted, are held with confi
dence, and It is believed that with even mod
erate demand cricks will keep up to their
present level for some time to come.
On ordinary grades the feeling is steady and
jobbing grades have gone back to the fig
ures rullnc before the sale on last Tuesday
i of the Nuttield cargo which was characterized
■ by a prominent broker as one of the worst
' that ever came to New York. The fruit was ,
. all right when the vessel left Sicily, but the
; cargo shifted in transit, and consequently a
! lar<e number of boxes were badly damaged.
At present writing there are no cargoes In
' port unsold, but three vessels are hourly ex
pected. They are the Queen Moor with 33,400
boxes the California with 6200 boxes and the
New Quay with 25,500 boxes. It had been in
tended, we understand, to Fell the first on
Tuesday, the second on Wednesday and the
third probably on Friday. The Hexham. With
21,000 boxes, is also expected about the end
of the week.
While ehinments of lemons from primary
ports have been liberal of late, as shown by our
list of steamships sailed and about to **' A
a prominent jobber, speaking of the statistics
position, said: "Weekly statements of sup
plies float and at the wharf unsold Indicate
clearly that shipments from Sicilian ports are
decreasing and th.- quantity now in sight is |
assuming normal proportions. During the next j
' thirty or forty days 270,000 boxes of lemons
! will be placed on the market, against n:>,000
boxes for the same time, last year and nearly
300 000 boxes in 1897. In 1596 the total quan-
t ity available during the corresponding period
! was 'in round numbers, 400,000 boxes. The
' average loss to importers at current prices is
i said to be 60c per box. and operations will
naturally be on more conservative lines.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET. .
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. March 28.— CATTLE— The less
| ened offerings to-day stopped the downward
j course of prices, but there was no rally. Fancy •
I cattle $5 70<g5 90: choice steers, $5 30<@ft 65; me
dium 'steers, $4 6<Xg4 95; beef steers. $3 9504 50;
stockers and feeders, $3 4096 45; bulls. $2 60<^
4; cows and heifers. $3 40514 75; Western fed
steers. $4 80®6 50; Texas steers, $3 90^5; calves,
h!»<;S— ruled 2%®5c higher early, but
1 turned weak. Fair to choice grades $3 77%®
3 92%; heavy packing lots, $3 50@J 75; mixed.
$3 60'g3 80; butchers, $3 60@3 82%; light, $3 55®
3 52%: pigs. $3 25@3 65.
Trade was brisk in sheep and prices ruled
strong to We higher. Poor to prime sheep,
$:. 25@5 10; yearlings, J4 60@B 15, and lambs, »o@
r QQ
6 "Receipts— 300; hogs, 18.000; sheep, 13,
----[ 000.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, March 28.— wool market here
continues unsettled, owing to the many traJa
combination rumors. Fleece wool continues
quiet, but some sales arc noted at 26@27c for
' Ohio and above. Territory wools are quiet, j
with prices nominal. For fine medium and ;
fine wools. 40(??42c is quoted for scoured. The
I price of Australian wools holds about the i
i same.
Territory wools: Montana, fine medium and
fine, 12@15c; scoured, 41@42«; staple, 45c.
Wyoming, fine medium and fine, 12@15c;
scoured, 40<g'42c: staple, 44@45c.
Australian, scoured basis: Combing, super
! fine, 60@72c; do good, 65<&b»c; do average, 62
®65c.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, March Consols, 110%: silver,
27 7-16 d; French rentes, 102f 20c; wheat cargoes
off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage,
very little doing; English country markets,
quiet.
LIVERPOOL, March 28.— WHEAT — Firm;
wheat In Paris, quiet: flour In Paris, dull;
French country markets, dull.
COTTON— Uplands, "V- v
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, firm. Futures closed weak;
May, 6s 4 7 4 d; July, Ss 4%d- Receipts of wheat
during the past three days, 125,000 centals, all
American. ; - '■'.' ':--;i;l. ■
CORN Spot, firm; American mixed old. 3s 1
7Vid. Futures, quiet; March, 3s 6Vid; May. 3a :
7"! id; July, 3s 4"s,d. Receipts of American corn ;
during the past three days, 164.700 centals. |
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. March 28.— Clearings,
$326,677; balances. $45,455.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., March There Is very
■ little wheat offerings and the bulk of the
! transactions are for milling purposes. Ex- I
1 porters are quoting about tC@s7c for Walla
Walla, but are not getting much at those fig- i
1 ures. Valley Is nominally about 5&0, and blue ;
stem, sS@6oc, although a round lot of very !
choice blue stem was bought in Tacorna by
• a Portland buyer to-day at 59% c.
WASHINGTON. _.. ■<
TACOMA. March 28.- WHEAT— CIub, 68c;
I bluestem,_ 61c. Quotations nominal. .
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
! Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 85
Sterling Exchange, Eight — 4 87
Sterling Cables' — 4 87%
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraph — 174
! Fine Silver, per ounce — 69&
Mexican Dollars — 4*
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
■ WHEAT FREIGHTS— firmly held for fu
', ture loading: at 2Ss 9d, usual options. The
j chartered wheat fleet in port has a registered
j tonnage of 1997, against 20.924 tons on the same
i date last year; disengaged, 36,600 tons, against
14,577: on the way to this port, 168,400 tons
against 193,600.
WHEAT— The market is very dull at un
changed quotations. Futures declined, owing ;
. to weaker Eastern and foreign markets .and I
j Indications of rain.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 07H@l 10; milling,
. *1 12%©! 15.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December— 2000
ctls, $1 12', : 2000, $1 12%; 46,000, $1 12; May—
2000, $1 09%; 2000, $1 ffi; 2000.- $1 09^.
Second Session— December— 32,ooo ctls, $1 11%.
Regular Morning Session— December — 20.000
ctls, $1 11%; 18.000, $1 11%; May— 4ooo, $1 08%;
2000. $1 08%; 4000. $1 08%. "
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls,
$1 11%: 44,000. $1 11%.
BARLEY— disposition Is to sell, even at
lower prices, but buyers are few and indiffer
ent.
Future* declined, owing to predicted rain.
Feed, $1 17%@1 224; Brewing. $1 25@1 30 per
clt.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— -9:15 o'clock— Seller 'M, new
-2000 ctls Sic; 25.000, 83% c- 6000, S3Vlc: 2000.
BSTfcc.
Second Session— Seller '99. new— l6,ooo ctls.
S3V*c; 4000, S3c; 10.000, B*l4c.
Regular Morning Session— Seller 99, new—
14,000 ctls, S3c: 4000, • 4 c. , ..
Afternoon Session-Seller '99. new— 22.COo ctls,
S3c; 4000, 82% 20,000, 82% c; 56.000. SSVic; ->>.""'.
S3i-4c: 10,000, S3->»c; December— 2ooo, B.c; - 1 "-
S6' 8 c '■; ■ .
OATS— Are very dull at the decline already
note.l. Offerings are ample for all immediate
needs.
Fancy Feed. $1 4: 1 f?l 45 per ctl: good to
choice, {1 37H@1 40; common. SI 32%@i 35 , : ,,, '
prise $1 45@150; Gray, $1 32H«?1 374: '"'I 1 ,"?',
$1 40-&1 42Vi per ctl; Red, $1 46©1 50; Black, $1 30
<gl 40.
CORN— The market continues very dull at
the old quotations. Small round Yellow, \l -o:
Eastern large Yellow, $1 10 : 1 I--.. White. »1 10:
mixed, ?1 C7M.@l 10 per ctl; California White,
$1 12 — " ,
RYE— le weak an.l dull at $1 07%@l 10 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras. $4; bakers'
extras. $3 SS'SS SO; Oregon and Washington,
J3©3 65 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, 33 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour. $2 76
per 100; Rice Flour. S7; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra
cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal. ?4 50g4 o;
Oat Groats, ?4 75; Hominy, S3 2503 50: Buck
wheat Flour. $4<T4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 .5:
Farina. $4 50: Whole Wheat Flour. $3 60; Rolled
Oats (barrels). $6 55*76 95; In sacks, ?6 35<ff6 '=>:
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, *4 50; Green Peas.
$5 per lOu pounds.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Receipts of Hay are liberal and the market
shows a further slight decline. Bran and Mid
dlings are easy at the reduced quotations al
ready noted.
Alfalfa Hay is a drug on the market, as ar
rivals are far in excess of the demand.
BRAN— i". ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI9@2I per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $2ntJ2T per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31fm 50; job
bing. J32«32 50: Cocoanut Cake. $24®25; Cot- ,
tonseed Meal, S2S£3O per ton: Cornmeal, $23 50
©21 50; Cracked Corn. $24@25; Mixed Feed, j
cj q 50'tT r> Q
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat. $15 50@17 for j
good to choice and $18018 for lower grades; :
Wheat and Oat, $13*816; Oat, $12@lo; Island I
Barley, $12-214; Alfalfa, .s9®ll.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon. Nevada. rtc. }
—Wheat and Wheat and Oat, $13214: Cheat,
$10 50#U 60; Graf* Hay. $9 Bo©lo 50; Oat $13' a ;
14; Clover, $10 50-311 50; Timothy, $11012 per |
ton.
STRAW— 3S@7Oc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Alfalfa Peed Is firm and scarce at the ad
vance. The' other Seeds are dull. There is
nothing new in Beans, the market being quiet j
and rather easy than otherwise.
BEANS— $1 Tsl=fl 85; Small Whites,
$2 10-5 2 20; Large Whites. $1 So@l 90; Pinks.
S2 no#: 15 Red? $3 25®3 35; Blackeye $3 7o#
3 85; Butters. %2 io@2 50: Llmas. J3 50#3 60: Pea,
$2 25*2 50; Red Kidneys, *2 60-IT2 «0 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $3 7534 P?rctl;
yellow Mustard. $3 25@3 50; Flax $2 to@2 2d
Canary Se»-d. 2Vr?2'%c per tr ' ; Alfalfa. Sir^HC
2 30 i>er ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGBTABUES.
Receipts were 1036 boxes Asparagus. 766 boxes
Rhubarb and 171 sacks Peas.
The Potato market rules steady at the ad
vance and three local firms largely control the
situation. The Government contracts use up
more or less of the receipts. It is reported
that Eastern Potatoes will soon be received on
this coast, as the northern railroads have re
duced freight rates to that ena. In poor
Onions are firm. Peas are coming in poor
m a role though fine lota will brink.- the ton
Suotal s wc;ik - Aspara
ttTKTK^r etl for Early Rose
$1 6Ci?l 76 for River Burba nks: Ponoma and
Marin Burhanks, $1 50S1 75 per ctl: Oregon.
v v , ,- fiO for seed and $1 75@2 for large;
Sweet Potatoes. $2 50 for Merced; New Pota
tO ONlUNS— ifl^fl 75 per ctl, outside quotation
ONIONS $I@l 75 per ctl, outside quotation
°VE<VeT ABLER— 60c®$l per- box
for No 2 SI 25iff1 50 for No. 1 and $1 75 for
fancy: B-übarb. 50c«?l per •box for the general
run and $1 25 for fancy: Green Peas 3HO«c:
String Beans, 12\4<?15c; Cabbage, $126; Toma
toes $1 50@2 for Los Angeles: Egg Plant, 12J40
per 'lb; Garlic 6®7c per It.: Dried < 'kra, 16c
per 1b; Dried Peppers. We; Green Peppers
* ■ Carrot? 25@35c per sack; Mushrooms, hffp .
Tv per 11.; Hothouse Cucumbers, $1 2601 50 per
doz.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Another car of Eastern, came in during the
afternoon. Local stock is firm at about pre
vious prices, receipts being moderate. Game
Is in light receipt and nominal.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 14'S16c: , live
Turkey?, 12@13c for Gobblers and 130140 for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 60©»; Goslings. $2 25@
1 50; Ducks, $5 60©7 for old and $7@B for
young- Hens $5 Bo@6 50; young Roosters. $809;
old Roosters, $4 60®5; Fryers, $7@7 60; Broilers.
$e®<;-50 for large, $4®5 for small; Pigeons, $1 50
: @1 7;. per dozen for old and $2 2502 50 for
GAME— Geese. $303 50: White Geese.
SI; Brant, - : Hare, $101 25: Rabbits. $1 50 for
Cottontails and $1 for small; English Snipe,
$3 per doz.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Eggs are holding up well and there is no
accumulation of stock. The Easter demand 's
good, but an easier market is rather expected
after Easter. Butter is weak at the recent
decline. Cheese is steady and in moderate
supply.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 18c; seconds.
17-SI7HC.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 16^17c; common
grades. 14<i$15c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, llffll^c; old,
lft-JllOVic; Cream Cheddar, 12@12V4c; Young
America, 11%@12%C: Eastern, II 1 -"' He.
EGGS— at 15016Vic per doz.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUIT.
Apples are firm, as they are getting scarce.
Choice Oranges continue in good demand and
; firm, but common stock Is quiet. Limes and
Lemons are unchanged.
Strawberries continue to decline as receipts
Increase.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 75c@$l 25 for common, $1 r.C'TI 75 per
box for No. 1 and $2@2 50 for choice to fancy;
Strawberries. 50c@$1 per drawer.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $2 25-^3 50
per box: Seedlings, $10175; M*Mit(;rr:ui' an
Sweets, $1 5002; Mandarins, : Lemons, 75c
01 60 for common and $202 50 for good to
choice; Mexican Limes. M 50<5>5: California
Lime? 75c-Tsl per small box; Grape Fruit, $1 60
03; Bananas, $1 6002 50 per bunch; Pineapples,
$2®4 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
The situation remains unchanged. Stocks of
everything except Prunes and Raisins are too
light for any activity. A review of the New
York market appears in anotner column.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 7c for» «0-:>o's, 53>
\ F,'-.r for 50-60' s.4@4Vic for GO-70's. 3y,£3^c for
70-80's. 2\@3c for;Ro-90's, 2)i02%0 for SO-10C's
: and 2ig2'<ic for 100-1 10's; Peaches, R'^yO'ic f«-r
I good to choice, 10c for fancy and — for
peeled; Apricots, *?;:••' for Royals and
for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, BV4@9c; sun
dried. 505Vic; Black Figs, sacks, 2'a2 1 i
Plums, nominal, 2c for unpltted; Pears, nomi
nal.
RAISINS 'i i. for two-crown. 4% for three
crown, .".%'■ for four-crown, 4 1 - : <j'6c for Seed
less sultanas, ."Vic for Seedless Muscatels
and $1 20 tor London Layers; Dried Grapes,
A i 'h.?.r. ■
NUTS— Chestnuts. 7c per lb: Walnuts, 608 c
for hardshell, 10011 c for noftshell; Almonds,
Bo9c for hardshell, 12013 c for softshell, 14®1dc
for papershell; Peanuts, 6-ff7c for Eastern and
4il@6c for California; Cocoanuts, $4 5005.
HONEY— Comb, 10011 c for bright and 8-5 9 c
' for lower grades; water white extracted, 714
'.;?'■ light amber extracted, 7c; dark, s@s!£c
I per lb.
BEESWAX— 2S<ff27c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
The market Is quiet at unchanged quotations.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 8c per lb for heavy,
SHffOc for light medium, lO'sSHc for light,
12c for extra light and 12%015c for sugar
j cured; Eastern ■ Sugar-cured Hams, 10^@llc;
California Hams, 10c; Mesa Beef. $12^12 50 per
: bbl; extra Mesa Beef, $13 50; Family Beeef,
i $14 60016; extra prime Pork, $12; extra clear,
! $18; mess. $16; Smoked Beef, 10M.@llc per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 506% c per lb for
compound and 7Vic lor pure; half barrels,
' pure. 7%OSc; 10-lb tins, S%c; 5-lb tins, B%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%<56%c; packages,
i less than 300 lbs, 1-lb -pails, 60 in- a case, Vie;
i 3-lb palls. 20 in a case, B%c; 5-ib palls, 12 in
I a case, S» 2 c; 10-lb pails. 6 in a case, B%c;
60-lb tins. 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c: wooden buck
ets, 20 lbs net. B^c; fancy U'bF. So lbs net,
; 7%c; half-barrels, about 110 |1»», 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Hops are dull and nominal. Hides are quiet
■at the old prices. Of Wool a local circular
I says: "We have no recent business to report.
j Locally we have no demand and prices ate
j nominal. Some shearing is being done in Kern
i County and we hear of shearing in Nevada,
I but nothing is reported so far in the way of
! interior business, which no doubt will be in
! different until there is some general trade
i through the whole country."
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
I about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
1 steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light, S@S%c: Cow
i hides, 8%09c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
I 10c; dry Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands.
! 12c: dry Kip and Veal. 15c; dry Calf, 17c;
! Sheepskins, shearlings, 10f5>30c each; short
I Wool. 35@60c each; medium, 70@90c; long Wool,
90c(g$l 10 each; Horse- Hides, salt, $1 75@2 25
for large and $1 for small ; Colts, 25@50c foi
email.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. S%@3%c per lb:
No. 2, 2%(3i8c; refined, 4%@50: Grease. 2(32%0.
WOOL-^Bprtng Clips— Southern Mountain. 13
months. TigUc: Foothill and Northern free 10
@12c; Fcothllf and Northern defective .*f"c-
Humboldt and Mendocino. 14@15c; Nevada. 10
212 c; Eastern Oregon, I"fil2c.
"Fall Wools— . -
Humboldt and Mendooino * «"
i Northern Mountain ' @ 74
I Southern g ig> 7
P HOPS^IKS crop'/ 'im'uc per ■ : » J*^«££gg
12@12Hc for good and 13®15c for choice to fancy
from first hands.
GENERAL, MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bacs. B^c for June
and July: Wool Bags, M©2Bc; San Quentln
COAL— Wellington! 18 per ton: New Welling
ton, $<: Southneld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle.
16; Bryant. $6: Coos Bay, Jo; Wallsend $7?0;
Scotch, IS; Cumberland, JS in bulk and $9 25
in Backs; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14.
Cannel, $S 60 per ton: Rock Springs arid Cast c
Gate. $7 60; Coke. $12 per ton In bulk and $14
'"CORDAGE- Manila, W4c; Sisal, S%c; Duplex,
'^AXSED FRUITS-Cherries. $1 35-51 50 for
black and $1 5001 M for white; P each ijl, 40®
1 73- Pears. $1 45@1 SO; Apricots. $1 35@1 50,
P D VKGETAB L ES - ftM.»«l 25:
Asparagus. $1 SM?I 75: Tomatoes BSQSOC.
COFFEE -Costa Rica - 15016 cor prim
washed: I3^i4c for good washed: 13®15c for
good to prime washed peaberry: "@ l Y£l. for
good ppaberry: HH^HHc for Rood to Prim*. W
©lie nominal for good current mixed with
black beans: Killc for fair: J'H^S.c for corn
mon f to ordinary. Salvador-lO^^c for Rood l to ,
prime washed; B©loc for fair washed 10HJ?
lUic for food to prime washed p*>aberr> , *©
BHc nominal for superior unwashed: ,\c for
good green unwashed: 9%<g-10c for good , to
prime unwashed peaberry- Nicaragua— «*»« i^
nominal for good to superior unwashed: VM
10c nominal for good to superior unwashed pea
berrv. Guatemala ar.d Mexican— lo@l. Me for
prime to fancy washed: 12@14Vic for. good to
strictly good washed; *Blo%c for fair washed,
7©B%c for medium: s<gST*c for inferior to or
dinary: 10312- for good unwashed pea&erry,
73,,/y'SHc for pood to superior unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFlSH— Bundles, 3*ic per 1b:
cases, selected. 4^c per Ib; cases imitation
Eastern. 5Uc r.^r lb: boneless. BJ4c per Ib;
strips. 5%®7V40 per lb: blocks, 6K@«%c per lb:
tablets. f& Per lb: middles, WW«l«rl*
desiccated. 87M.C per dozen ; pickled cod, bar
rels. $7 78 each; pickled cod, half barrels. 14-5.
LEATHER -Sole, heavy. 25@28c per lb;
Pole Leather, medium. 24f25c; Sole L#f™t T
liKht 236250; rough Leather, heavy. 24@25c:
rough Leather/ llKht. 2«!g24c: Harness I leather
heavy. !2@S4c Harness Leather, medium, 3"0
re; Harness Leather, light. «f»f: Collar
Leather, 14@16c per foot: Kip. finished, 4^4nc
per lb: Veal, finished. 80#55c; Calf, finished
75c®Jl Sides, finished. 16@17c per foot: Belt
Knife Splits. 14®16c: Roufth Splits. B©loc.
OIL- California Castor Oil, cases. No. 1. isc.
pure, $1 06: Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled. B9c:
raw 57c; cases, 5c more: Lard Oil. extra win- ,
ter strained, barrels, Me; No. 1. 4fic; cases. 5c
more: China Nut. 45®66c per gallon: Pure
Neatsfoot Oil. barrels, 65c; cases. 70c; medium,
barrels. 87% c: cases, 62M=c; Sperm, erode,^Mc;
natural white. 40c; bleached white. 4^VsC
Whale Oil. natural white, 37% c: bleached white
4".c- Pacific Rubber Mixed Faints, white and
bouse colors. $1 25©1 35 per gallon; wagon col
°PEr^OLE^i. ga a^SOLmß! AND NAPH
THA—Water White Coal Oil, In bulk. 12V4c per
gallon: Pearl OH. in cases, 17Hc; Astral Oil.
17J .■ Ptar Oil. it^c; Extra Star OH. 21Vic;
Elaine OH. 22Vic; Eocene Oil. I9»ic; Deodorized
Stove Gasoline. In bulk. 15% c; in cases 21c;
Benzine, in bulk. 15c; cases. 20c: 86-degree
Gasoline, In bulk, «c; in cases, 26c.
CANDLES— Electric Light Candles. 6s. 16 oz.
gUc;l6s. 14 ox. 7>-;c: 641 12 oz. 6Hc; 6s. 10 oz,
5Uc- 12s 1* oz 7>.ic: Granite (Mining) Candles—
i6s 16 OX, 9\ic: Bs, 14 or. Si-ie; 6s. 12 oz. 7'. s c; 6s
10 OS 6%c: Paraffine Wax Candles-Is, 2a. 4s.
6s white. 9Hc: 12s. 10V4o; colored, lc higher.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6@7c per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases, 66c; in iron barrels,
61c: In wooden barrels. We per gallon.
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels, 64; raw, barrels,
f?'; cases, 5c more.
QUICKSILVER— S42 per flask for local use
and $40 for export. .
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube. Crushed
and Fine Crushed, t%c; Powdered, 5%c; Candy
Granulated, 5V«c: Dry Granulated, 6Hc; Con
fectioners* A. sM<c: California A. 4'4c; Magnolia
A, 4 i , i o; Extra C, 4 & (,c: Golden C. 4^c: half
barrels, He more than barrels, and boxes, P-.-c
more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels
or Its equivalent.
LUMBER.
I/UMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
1 ordinary sizes. Jir.^iß; extra sizes, higher;
Redwood. $17 for No. 1 and $14@15 for No. 2:
Lath, 4 feet, $2 20-g2 50; Pickets, $14: Shingles,
$1 30 for common and $2 25 for fancy: Shakes.
for split and $10 50 for sawn; Rustic, $15
(821. .
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Beef Is Ftlffer, but no higher. Mutton and
Lamb are weak and the latter is lower. Veal
is steady. Hogs are still lower and dull at the
decline.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF- 7<&Sc per lb.
VEAL— Large, "c: small, 7%i98c per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers, ~ l ?*!*c; Ewes, 7c per lb.
LAMB- Spring. 10« per ib.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5»4©6%0 for small, 6Ho
for medium and 5c for large: stock Hogs and
Feeders, 4@4V4c; dressed Hogs, 7@Sc.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Tuesday, March 28.
Flour, qr ska 19,122 Hay. tons S9B
Wheat, ctls 150 Straw, tons 14
Barley, ctls 525 Pelts, bdls ISO
Corn, ctls, East 600 Hides, No 354
I Butter, ctls .... 292 Eggs, doz 25.640
Cheese, ctis 16 Wool, bales 534
Beans sks 235 Leather, rolls ... 109
Potatoes, sks ... 2,506 Lumber, feet .... 20,000
< Onions, sks ins Wine, gals 40,000
Middlings, sks... 230 >
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks .... 664 ; Hay. tons 10
Oats, ctls 4001
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
Catherine Dowling to G. C. F. Schwarz, lot
on E line of Steiner street. 70 S of Ellis, S 17:6
by E 87:6: $10.
Henry and Martha Wilkeningr to Charles
Maybergi lot on N\V corner of Church and
Duncan streets, N 30 by W SO; $10.
John A. Travis and Charles A. Walker to S.
5 Bradford, lot on S\V corner of Twenty-sec
ond and Sanchez streets. S 76:6 by W 105; also
lot on N line of Twenty-fourth street. 152:8
W at Sanchez, W 60:11 by N 114; $10.
George F. and Elizabeth Kincaid to Phebe A.
Hearst lot on N line of Union street, 137:6 E
of Stockton. W 51:4% by N 137:6; $10.
A H Payson (trustee) to Santa Fe Terminal
Company of California, >- of lot on SE line of
Harrison street. 273 NE of Spear, NE 82:6 by
BE 45:10, quitclaim deed; $10.
Same to same, lot on S corner of Harrison
and Spear streets. s\v 275 by SB 660; also 4 of
lot on SK line of Harrison street. 45:10 NE of
Spear, NX 229:2 by SE 137:6; $10.
San Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Rail
way Company to same, % of lot on E corner
of Spear and Harrison streets, NE 45:10 by SB
137:6; $1.
William and Isabella M. Romaine to Robert
R Hind lot on E line of Twenty-first avenue,
268 N of D street, N 82 by E 120; $10.
A A Ritter to Josephine Rltter (wife of A.
A )" lot on E. line' of Thirty-second avenue, 175
N of J street, N 75 by E 120; $10.
John Hire to George Ryan and wife, lot on
NE corner of Alabama and Montcalm streets,
N 84:6 by E SO, Precita Valley lands; $SOO.
Aaron and Louise H. Herinßhl to Edgar L.
Hoag, lots 3. 4 and 32, block 6,. Mission and
' Thirtieth Streets Extension Homestead Union;
$10.
Ellen Flynn and Margaret Barratt (wife of
John J.). lot on S line of Hill street. 200 E of
Capitol, E 200 by S 125. lot 2, block V, Railroad
Homestead Association; $10.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to Daniel
F. Meissel. lots 2 and 2Vs, plot 1, Garden Sec
tion" $165.
Mary B. and Joseph S. McGinn to Joseph F.
Dolan lot on W line of Mercer street. 125 3
of Cortland avenue, S 25 by 70. lot 1197. Gift
Map 2" $10
John' Ffo'rr to August and Christine Straub,
lot on SW corner of Berkshire and Diamond
streets W 25 by S 100, Ulshofer Tract; $1750.
Glen' Park Company to Market Street Rail
way Company, right of way 20 feet on each
side of lands described as follows: Commenc
ing center line of Berkshire street at W ter
minus at dividing line lands of Glen Park Co..
N 57 degrees 41 minutes W ISO, N 71 degrees
6 minutes W 153; grant.
Builders' Contracts.
Joseph Goetz with William Plant (contractor),
architect T. .T. Welsh— AH alterations and addi
tions except plumbing and painting, for a one
story frame cottage with brick foundations on
S line of Vallejo street, 10«:6 E of Octavia, E
105:7%. N 137:6. J W IM:&. 8 137:6; $2200.
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was more life t" local securities yes
terday, the leading stock being Gas and Elec
ttrc, which sold down to $S1 50.
TVTtnlnt; storks were rather better, though
business continued quiet
The regular W> cents per share quarterly divi
dend Of the Market Street Railway Company
will be paid on April 10.
The weekly report of the manager of the
pumping operations says: "No pumping has
been <lor.p during the past wp^k. The pump-
Ing association has been engaged in doing work
for several of the mining companies, as ap
pears by their weekly letters. The rearranged
• ir is suspended in the shaft and will
be lowered. There have been a number of de
lays in getting the pump into the shaft, due
to the fact that a great many changes had
to be made to accommodate the new work.
Thl? elpvatc.r is to be sent down nearly 100
feet lower into the water in the shaft than
the first one used, and the providing of the
w(1 v« and means for handling this additional
weight has taken up a good deal or time. The
shaft has been examined by means of sound
ing devices, and found to be free of obstruc
tions for 225 feet below the 1750 station, or aa
deep as the soundings were made, so that no
trouble Is anticipated in lowering the elevator
and columns to the depth of 200 feet below the
1750 station. The water stands now at a
point twelve feet below the 1750 station In
the C. and C. •baft, where It was before we
started pumping. Part of this rise is due to
the water used in flooding the Consolidated
California and Virginia stopes between the 1650
and 1750 levels." :■■(.■
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. March 28—2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid. Ask.
Bonds— Eqult G L Co. 9 9>4
4s quar coup.. — 114& Mutual El Co. 14 144
4s quar reg... — — Oakland Gas.. 49% 49%
48 quar new... — 123% Pac Gas Imp. — 82%
3s quar e0up..10741M Pac LCo 47\ —
Miscellaneous— SF G & E.... 82 82«4
Cal-st Cab 55.1 l5 7 » — San Fran 34 3%
Cal Elec L 65. 125».;i27% Stockton Gas.. 9 —
C C Wat 55.... 108* — I Insurance—
Dup-st ex c... — — FlrenVs Fund.22o 225
E L & P 65.. 132 — I Bank Stocks—
F& Cl Ry 6s. 116 — ! Anglo-Cal .... 65 —
Geary-st R ss. — 98 Bank at Cal.. - 257%
H C & 3 5%5. - 106 Cal SD & T-. 98-4 —
L A L Co 65.. — — i First Natlonl.22o 2£
Do gntd 65. .101 101% Lon P & A. ..1294133
Market -at -.128 — Mer Exchange — 18
Do Ist M 55. 116% — Ne-v Nat 8k...177% —
NCN G R 78.107 — | Savings Banks—
N Ry Cal 65..U3%11«4 ! Ger S & L... — 16Ja
N Ry Cal 55..113-78 - Hum S & L.1050 1160
NPC R R 6s. — 107 Mutual Say. — 41%
NPC R R ss. 1024 — S F Say L\. 800 —
N Cal R R 101 4105 S& L 50.... — 101
Oak Gas 55.... 109 — Securit S B. 300 000
Om CRy 65...125% — Union T C 0. .1480 —
P & Cl Ry U5.. 10844 — Street Railroads—
P&O 6» 117 — (California ....112 —
Powell-st 65... — 1214; Geary 4o —
Sac El Ry ss. — — I Market-st .... 63>»» 64%
SF & N P 55.112«4H2%!0ak S L & H. — —
SF & S JVos.ll6 — Presidio 11 —
SierraßCal 65.K'4%105ti Powder—
S P of Ar 65..112y«112i 3 California .... — 19.)
SPC 6s (1905)U3-\ll4Vi E Dynamite... 99 —
SPC 6a (1906)1154 — Giant Con Co. 60}* 61*4
8 -P C«s (1912)122% — Vlgorit 2% 2%
SPCIs eg 53.105 — Sugar—
Spßr 6? 125% — Hana P C 0.... 1« 7 » 18
S V Water 68.116*117 Haw C& S C 84% 85
S V Water 48.103% — Hutch S P Co. 324 32%
S V W4«f3dm).101V4101% Paauhau B P. 39% 39%
Stktn Gas 65.. 102% — i Miscellaneous—
Water Stocks— Al Pac A55n.,109%109%
Contra Costa.. 64 64\i Ger Ld Wks. .250 —
Marin Co 50 — Mer Ex Assn.. 90 —
Spring Valley. 1024103 Oceanic S Co.. 754 76%
Gas and Electric— Pac A F A.... 1% 1%
Capital Gas... — — Pac C Bor Co. 105 —
Cent Gaslight.— — I Par Paint Co.. 74 —
Cent L & P... 7% 9 !
Morning Session.
Bnard—
6 Alaska Packers' Ansn 109 50
50 Contra Costa Water 63 a
30 Giant Powder Con 60 to
15 Giant Powder Con. cash 60 7.->
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 84 <o
175 Hutchlnson S P Co 32 25
60 Market Street Railway 63 00
20 Mutual Electric Light 15 00
10 Oakland Gas 49 50
SO Paauhau S P Co 39 25
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 84 75
150 S F Gas & Electric Co 84 50
60 S >•" Gas & Electric Co 84 25
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 84 12%
200 S F Gas & Electric Co 84 00
$3000 S F & N P Ry bonds 112 00
$4000 S V 4 per cent bonds, cash 104 00
1100 Vlgorit Powder 2 75
Street—
$1000 S V 6 per cent bonds 116 75
Afternoon Session.
Board —
$3000 California St Cable bonds 116 00
60 Contra Costa Water, s 30 64 00
100 Equitable Gas 9 00
10 Hana Plantation Co 17 87%
60 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 84 50
125 Hutchinson S P Co 32 25
$3000 North Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds. ll3 12%
50 Paauhau S P Co 39 25
10 B F Gas & Electric Co 83 62%
15 S F Gas & Electric Co S3 50
100 8 F Gas & Electric Co 83 00
65 8 F Gas & Electric Co 82 75
100 S F Gas & Electric Co, a 30 S2 00
220 S F Gas & Electric Co 82 00
10") S F Gas & Electric Co. s 30 81 50
100 S F Gas & Electric Co 81 62%
100 g F Gas & Electric Co, 8 30 SI 75
65 B F Gas & Electric Co 81 75
35 B F Gas & Electric Co 81 50
10 Spring -Valley Water 102 62%
200 Vigorlt Powder, b 15 2 75
Street—
60 Oceanic S S Co 72 25
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
BO Hana Plantation Co 18 00
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 84 £>
20 Hutchinson s P Co 3? 25
65 Paauhau S P Co 34 1?%
75 Paauhau S P Co 39 25
60 Pacific Gas Imp 83 25
Afternoon Session.
Board —
60 Oceanic S S Co 75 00
60 Paauhau S P Co 39 25
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 34 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Andes 22 : 300 Justice 24
100 Belcher 54 : 500 Ophir 1 30
60 Belcher 66 i 300 Overman 22
300 Best & Belcher 65 200 Pot o si 36
100 Con Cal & Va2 35 200 Savage 35
100 Gould & Curry 601 CO Union Con 70
Afternoon Session.
300 Andes 22 200 Hale & Norcrs 40
900 Belcher 63 - 200 Mexican 82
60 Belcher 52 100 Ophir 130
2.yt Best & Belcher 69 100 Ophir 135
JOO Chollar 44 3<X> Savage 36
300 Chollar 45 250 Sierra Nevada. 1 35
450 Con Cal * Va.2 35 100 Union Con .... 67
600 Con Imperial... 02 100 Utah 67
400 Gould & Curry 49' 100 Yellow Jacket. 36
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock \
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Best & Belcher 69! 300 Ophir 130
700 Best &- Belcher 70 1000 Potosl 37
400 Challenge Con. 46 ! 200 Potosl 36
400 Chollar 43 300 Savage 35
650 Con Cal & Va.2 30' 500 Scorpion 04
200 Crown Point... 3." 2000 Scorpion 05
300 Hale & Norcrs 41 150 Sierra Nevada. l 35
TOO Hale & Norcrs 42' 200 Sierra Nev...l 374
400 Mexican SI ! 400 Union Con 6§
200 Mexican 82 800 Utah 25
200 Occidental 33:
Afternoon Session.
1000 Alta 14 ' 400 Gould & Curry 48 I
150 Andes 23 400 Hale & Norcrs 41
700 Andes 22 200 Hale & Norcrs 39
800 Andes 21 300 Mexican 81
200 Belcher 51 300 Mexican 79
700 Belcher 50 1 400 Ophir 125
200 Best & Belcher 70 400 Ophir 1 22%
600 Best & Belcher 69,1000 Overman 21 ;
300 Caledonia 44 600 Potosi 37
500 Challenge Con.. 44 900 Potosl 35
150 Con Cal & V.2 27% 400 Savage 37
800 Con Cal & V...2 25 300 Savage 36 i
300 Con Cal & V.2 224 600 Savage 34 :
500 Con Imperial... 031 200 Scorpion 05
500 Con Imperial... 02 1 200 Sierra Nev...l 27%
1800 Crown Point... 34 900 Union Con 66 i
800 Crown Point... 33 600 Utah 2J
800 Gould & Curry 52! 500 Utah 22
300 Gould & Curry 51 ! SCO Yellow Jacket. 32
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, March 28—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
Alpha Con .... 09 10 ; Justice 25 26
Alta 14 15 Kentuck 08 03 '
Andes 21 22 Lady Wash — 02
Belcher 43 50 Mexican 77 7s
Best & Belcher 66 67 Occidental 31 —
Bullion 06 07 Ophir 1301 23
Caledonia — 55 Overman 20 21
I Chollar 41 42 Potosi 55 36
Challenge Con. 42 43 Savage 35 36
Confidence — 1 05 1 Scorpion — 05
Con Cal & Va.2 20 2 30'Seg Belcher.... 07 OS
Con Imperial... 02 03! Sierra Nevada. 1301 35
Crown Point... 32 S3 Silver Hill 04 06
Con New York 02 — Syndicate — 08
Eureka Con ... 30 —(Standard 275 —
Exchequer 03 04 Union Con 65 66
Gould & Curry. 46 47 Utah 22 23
Hale & Norcrs 3'J 41 Yellow Jacket.. 32 33
Julia — 05!
ASSESSMENTS PENDING. £
Company.
in the
Board.
Day of
Sale.
.lta ;
'hallenge.
lelcher
(verman
•ccidental I
test & Belcher...
'ellow Jacket....!
61
26
60
I 2
[ 32
I 66
' 1
32
I 74
..Mar. 9 ..Apr. 4 05
..Mar. 12.. Apr. E 05
..Mar. 14 ..Apr. 11 10
..Mar. 24 ..Apr. 18 05
..Apr. 7 ..May 1 10
|..Apr. 7 ..May 2 10
(..Apr. 7 ..May 17 15
[..Apr. 7.. May 1 10
'..Apr. 6.. May 1 15
ccidental
iphlr I
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographic
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of exnense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time hall on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
no<ir., 12dth meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory. Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any. is published
in the morning papers the following day
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. T*. P. X.. In charge.
TIME BALL..
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco Cal
Marrh 2?. 1599.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
L c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGHES.
lieutenant. U. S. N.. tn charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf.
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort
the height of tide is the same at both pk.
WEDNESDAY. MARCH 29.
rises * .- •";£
sets ' • *?* p- »
n rises *>•***• P- ™-
O Tin:
s
? H y
Ft.
Ft.
i Ft.
Ft.
w
29 ... 0::
M ... 0:
31 ... 1:!
1 ... 2::
2 ... 3:
3 .... 4:
4 ...I 5:
6.7 6:49 . 0.0
5.7 7:36 0.2
' 5.8 8:331-0.
I 5.6! 9:34—0.2
1 5.5 10:40—0:2
i 5.4 11:45—0.1
; . 5.3 12:44-0.1
:*
1:31 ' 4.7 •* 6:34 2 *)
- 2:30 4.5 7:16 J.g
3:39* 4.3 S:10J * 2.3
I 4:50° 4.3! 9:14 3 «
I 6:"2' 4.4 10:35} : 1
7:05 4.6: 11:55' 3 1
I . 7:51- 5. 11 •....
NOTE-In the above exposition of the ti!..
the early morning tides are .given in the left
hand column and the successive . tide* of tnt
day in the order of occurrence as to time Tr ■
second time column K*k"<?s the second tide ■■>'
the day. the third time column the third til
and the last or right hand column gives th«
last tide of the day. except when there, are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. .The heigh"
given are addiitons to the soundings on t>-->
United States Coast Survey charts, "x« •
when a minus sign (-) precedes the heteV
and then the number given is subtracted frn^.
the depth given by the charts. The piano ■•
reference is the mean of the lower low- water*
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
'rom.
hi.
Ettrickdale .....China and Japan -.*****;,^
Umatilla Victoria & Puget Sound ; Mar.
Fulton Portland Mar.
Corona Pan Diego - Mar
City of Sydney. Panama *jar.
A. Blanchard... Coos 8ay.... Mar.
Luella Tillamook .Mar.
Mackinaw Tacoma ;' a
Point Arena.... Point Arena Mar.
Areata Coos Bay... Mar
Newburg Grays Harbor...... Mar.
Columbia Portland |Mar-
Orizaba Newport ......Mar.
Chllkat Humboldt. Mar.
Curacoa ........ 'Mexico... Mar.
Crescent City... Crescent Cty Ap -
Townsend iCoqullle River Ap -
Nippon Maru... China and Japan Ap -
Wellington | Departure- Bay Ap
Empire ..' Coos Bay...- ■ Apl
Pomona .... .... Humboldt ■:....,..... Ap .
romona ........ , Victoria & Pu _ Sound Ap.
Santa Rosa San Diego...,. Apl.
Mlneola 'Nanaimo AP •
Czarina Seattle :;..... Ap
Coos Bay...- Newport *J -
State of Cai:... Portland -Ap .
North Fork Humboldt ...-..--; Ap
Weeott ...... . Coos Bay 'Apl-
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
Pier.
' Coos Bay... Newport Mar. 29. 9 am! Pier 11
i SUte cIL. 1 Portland ! Mar. 29. 10 am P 24
Aloha Arena..: Mar 29. 3 pml Pier 3
: Pomona .... Humboldt Mar 36. 2pm Per £
Alliance .-Oregon Ports. Mar. 30, 10 am H« - 1
| Corona San Diego Mar. 31. 11 ampler li
Umatilla ... Vie & Pg* Sd. Apl. 1. 10 Am Pier »
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. Apl. 1. *rm Pier *
Chllkat .... Humboldt..... Ap . 1. 2pm Pier 13
, Areata .::.: Coos Bay Ap l. 1..10 ampler »
A. Rlanch'd<*nos Bay Apl. 1. I.P« £}«£ 13
> Orizaba .... Newport. Apl. 2- -9 am Per It
i Columbia .. Portland....:. Ap. 3. 10 am .Pier 24
Santa Rosa San Diego Ap Lj *- " »-»««* "
Doric .. ...China -.-Japan 4. 1 pm!PMS--
SHIPPING ISTELLIGEXCE.
ARRIVED.
• Tuesday. March 79..
Stmr Umatilla. Cousin* 62 hours from Vic
toria and Puget Sound ports. >,„,„.,, frri _
Stmr George Lcomis, Badger. 32 hours from
V a pomona. Parsons, IS hours from Eu
re Stmr Noyo. Johnson. 15 hours from Fort
B Stmr Willamette, Hanson. 84 hours from De-
V Vxmr Australia, Houdlette, 6 days 16 hour.
33 minutes from Honolulu.
'Br stmr Wyefleld, Cartmer. 92 hours from
Stmr Navarro, Hlggins, IS hours from Ca»-
Pa ?t'mr Sunol. Jacobs. 69 hours from Columbia
1 R Bark Aureola. Mercer. 5 days from Willapa
H ich? r Robert Levers, Goodman, IS <Jays from
Honolulu. CLEARED .
Tuesday. March K.
Stmr Zeland'.a. Dowdell, Manila, via Hono
lulu: U S Government.
Stmr Colon. ; Macklnnon t Panama, etc; P M
S Stmr°'Anna, Ipsen, codfishing: Alaska Cod
fiS «tm'r "state of California. Goodall. Astoria;
G0 Stmr : k Bay & Shea, San Pedro; GAod.II.
P Shl^ US JanS' Drummed. . SKewea, Liverpool :
J Whaling bark" 'Mermaid. Gifford, whaling; E
H Sheldon. •
Tuesday. March «.
ftmr Colon, Macklnnon. Panama, etc. ■ ■
Stmr Ruth. Strand. Coos Bay.
•Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Whttesboro. Johnson. '"
Stmr Zealandia. Dowdell. Manila, via Hono
lulu.
Stmr Washtenaw. Croseop. -aroma.
Ship George Skolfield. Marshall, Labasha
Ba vhal»ns bark Mermaid. Gifford. whaling.
Whaling bark Mermaid. Gifford. whaling.
Schr Melancthon. Olsen, Coos Bay.
Schr Reporter. Dahloff, Grays Harbor.
Schr Mary Buhne. Weber. Eureka. .;
CHARTERS.,
The Esther Fuhne loads for Honoipu; H C
Wright, mdse. for Kahului. ': ••
TELEGRAPHIC. .
POINT LOBOS. March 2?. 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind NW; velocity 24 miles per hour.
SPOKEN. .
Feb 25, lat 1 S. 27 W-Br ship Celtic Chief,
from Tacoma, for. Falmouth. • • .
. DOMESTIC PORTS. • .
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed March 2S— Sehr Ly
man D Foster, for Shanghai: schr Queen, tut
j San Francisco: pchr Meteor: for San Pedro..-
PORT TOWN SEND— Passed March Schr
Lyman D Foster, from Port Blakeley and Port
Gamble, for Shanghai: sohr Meteor, from Fort
Gamble, for San Pedro. • • .. •
SAN PEDRO— Arrived March Schr Ban
! gor. from Port Gamble; schr J M Colman, from
Port Gamble.
REDONDO— Arrived March 25— Stmr Grace-
Dollar, from Santa Barbara. ■ '
TACOMA — Arrived March rS— Schr Annie
Larsen. hence March 11. •- -.',.■*'.
NEWPORT 'Si Arrived March — Schr Se
quoia, from Port Blakeley.
Sailed March 28— Stmr Hueneme. for .
COOS Arrived March 27— Stmr Alice
; Blanchard, hence March 25; stmr Arcata, henca
! March 25.
ASTORIA— SaiIed March ■ 28— Br ship Troop,
for Queenstown; stmr Elmore. for .
EUREKA— SaiIed March 27— Schr O M Kel
! logs, for Portland. March 2S^3chr Bertha Pol
i beer, for Newport.
Arrived March 2S— Stmr- Pasadena. - from San
! Pedro: stmr Laguna, hence March 27.
OL.YMPIA— Arrived March 2S— Schr Ivy h-i3
PORT * HARFORD— Arrived March 2S— ?chr
PORT HARFORP- Arrived March U -
Guide, from Coos Bay. .
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed March. 2S-Schr
Newark, for San Francisco:
SEATTLE— Arrived March Stmr Lauraaa.
j from Dyea.
Sailed March 2S— Jap stmr Klnchut Man), for
Yokohama; stmr Humboldt. for Alaska.- •
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed March 2S— Bark Pacto
lus. for San Francisco, via Philadelphia,
BATH— Cleared March 25— Ship Arthur Se
wall, for San Francisco., via Philadelphia. a
FOREIGN PORTS.
FALMOUTH— Arrived March 2S--Br bark
Forthbank. from Oregon.
Sailed March 26— Ger ship Vasco de Gums,
for London. Sailed March 27— Stmr Pom. for
ACAPULCO— SaiIed Marvh 27— Stmr Peru, for
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed March 30— Stmr Em
press Japan, for Vancouver: i7-Schr' Muriel,
HONOffU— Arrived March 17— Schr Muriel,
fP MA#raONA-Salled March 14-Bri X Con
suelo. for San Francisco. • - •„
HlLO— Arrived March 15— Haw bark Roder
ick Phu, hence Feb 24. -
Sailed March 17— Bark St Katherine. for New
Y HONOLULU-Arrlved March IS— Briar J D
Snreckels. hence March 4: I" 3 dispatch boat
Iroquois, from Hllo. etc; ship J B Thomas,
from Newcastle. NSW. March 30— Stmr Cone
maugh. hence March 11. "';'.. , Co _
Sailed March IS— U S stmr Scindia, for San
• Francisco: whaling stmr Jeanpette. for Arc
i tic March 19— Br. ship LUlithKowshlre, for
Port Townsend. March 20-U S stmr Wheeling.
for Manila. March 21— Schr Eva. for Mahu
; k< CALLAO— Arrived Feb 18— Bark Holliswood.
\ h COLON^-A rVived March 26-Stmr Advance.
"SvSSpSStArrlv^l March-27-SHr A O
i gl^swo^fro^Fra &V& B^ §&
27-Br »Mp Duch
-1 alburn, hence Oct 29. March tt~Ott ship \as
jco de Gama. from Oregon. • ■_ ..
I QUEENSTOWN-Arrlved March 27-Br ship
from ra Or a ko f n ro Tnd T Sd a: A^e^^^^^^^
B iVeS M°a^h Ca 7l n BV kinnair*. for
H TYNE-Arrlved March 26-Br ship Carnar
von Bay, for Tacoma. •' •, __ bark mml
PISAGUA— SaiIed March 25-.Fr baric Moel.
Lilian, for San Francisco. /.ihin
BELFAST — Arrived March 25 —Br ship
Knight Commander. frorn^V jncouver.
SWANSEA-Sailed March 28— Fr bark Mare
chal. Lannes. for San Francisco. .-,,-,
HONOIPU— To sail March 25— Schr Muriel.
for San Francisco. March' 18-Bri S
LAHAINA-Salled March IS— Brig Lurllne.
f °KA^IULUi— Arrived March :s^-Schr Ruby A
Cousins, hence Feb 26. • . -
Outside March 18— Bark Haydn. Brown, from
N Baned (> 'March 16^-Schn Allen 'A. for Hana;
bktn Mary Wlnkelman. for San Francisco.
March 19— Schr John O North, for San Fran
clfoo. March 20— Schr Falcon, tor Honol#u.QUESTION OF
A BOTTLE AND
A RED LABEL
Progress of the Adams
Trial.
WHO BOUGHT THE POISON?
'
TESTIMONY OF ptjrlexky. the
.•:■ DRUG CLERK.
He Would . Uot Positively Identify
',_..- the _' Defendant — An Appren
■.- "tlce Who Was Too
Tidy.
The Adar-is case has progressed as far
fs a three-ounce bottle and part of a red
label. 1 They were both the subjects of
rr.uch time and attention before Judge
Barry yesterday; and if the woman who
purchased the bottle can only be identi
fied as;. : Mrs. Adams, it will go
h?.rd "yv-ttlv -the. defendant. Already the
ertpmen on the Geary-street car has tesxi
f.vd that a woman who boarded his car
on the reyenlhg of March 12 was Mrs.
Adams; and Policeman Herllhy Says she
was the.. yon: an who came out of the drug
store, anil lore the label, a red label, off
a boUle.\" Yesterday George Purlenky
leitijipd ■' that Herlihy brought the label
back-Jnto the store and that it came from
tr.e bottle of carbolic acid he had sold
Just before. ' Mrs. Adams has denied that
s'r.e Is ft " the- house that evening.
Crii\yv'C'6x, th.egr'pman, was called to
the ■ st&Ed ;';rst yesterday afternoon to al
low vie "defense to. proceed with its cross
ciahninatlori; Counsel for the defense
went- over the question of time and time
tiib!^s again ar.d again until stopped by
the court; and then George Purlenky was
examined.":
■
■
Point
- .
ied to use.
- Je, the
me of
-:de of
the ca - . limes
"."he defense
:. and drew
is :r,t"orma
n reg - " utles.
I he would
-
1 1 was
i
•■;rn.
This rirae counsel for the deft-rise made
a mistake. They had successfully object
ed to- xfae introduction of the clerk's
porson register on the ground that it was
irrelevant. '» and then they proceeded to
ask questions which necessitated a refer
ence to the beok. When they had done
Mr. Carpenter, the Prosecuting Attorney,
offered the book again, and this time it
was accepted in evidence.
Ther#> was also much stress laid on the
fact that before the Coroner's jury Pur-
Jf-r.ky had testified thai the woman's cape
hung as low as ht;r hips, and yesterday
he said it hung but to her elbows. This
was ar.s,tvcrfcd by the prosecution by
showing that the counter and showcase
stood higher than the "woman's waist and
the clerk could " not have seen the fur
trimming had the cape hung much below
her elbows:
Tred Der.harr".. -apprentice in the drug
store at. Geary and Devisadero streets,
wound uj'.the afternoon. He told how he
found the p:eoe of the torn label behind a
bonle on the shelf, where Purlenky testi
fied he bad put !t: and thinking it was of
:>?■ cors*ijuer.ce he had swept it out. His
ci.scriu'icr. of the "piece of the label and
wtereifcs had found it tallied with the
testlinosV given Just before by Purlenky.
,Cross-.el;kmination failed to change his
Ttjc'-^case will go on again thia after-
• ADVERTISEMENTS.
Home Rupture Cure.
Itu-T'l',^ Blessing to Those Who
... • ,
■:• An Supjured.
:}.:; ■
C^zi^i 2e>cr:ei That Almost Defy
i:=r. ? f- TtriUin? Words From
Tca&e Who Recover.
■ z?r. SBfi S. ESse '.< t~-l =- Ka--= st-. Airms. N.
T.;- :.wli-* ' 4_Kir.c.itc '(£. jfafeeOT curlcg even
t-'J» tL'i^ry:'. traptittis <•■- lo^g standing. He
five* tta » :li.c?=t crsiir-ff tie p&Utst c=< bit of
iTR. N. K. SMITH.
yafri, absolutely without and- all with-
out the loss of a moment's time from th» dally
occupation. lie ui-es no knife and sends his
method and .treatment direct to the sufferer's
home where it carl be easily used without as-
: tjstaace and fcri.ngs Immediate comfort and re-
■'* It"' requires from three to ten weeks for the
rjptured" opening to heal, at the end of which
time-the patient can pitch hay. lift a barrel of
■y-^ -jjiow in the fields, or do any kind of hard
'.vofit without any danger of the rupture coming
V.:»ck:'. -Dr. Rice ha= cured hur.areds of. old men
■ tvhV. .'h'atf been ruptured 20 and 40 years..
Tb*y Write him letters that a few years ago
c^nl<f<n"6t have been possible, plnce never before
f-A? there be?n a certain cure ror rupture. N. E.
Bnitth of Mound City. Kans., Is one of the
V.-ii'iviom Dr: Rice has restored to perfect
: health Mr. Smith says: "Although pretty
;well.'aTonK in year? and with an old rupture
rthaf.rnfsht have erjded my (Jays at any time I
am v^st ag clad to be cured- as though I had
rev lif^ to~'iive over again. I was a little bit
SdoubtTul about- Dr. Rice's claims-. I have seen
«o many (aliurea of trusses nr.d treatments that
wh[> the plan looked wonderful I had my
«Iq-jt,te He cqred ir.e all right and lam will-
ing to believe that he will any one, I- don't
a car* how, bad eft they are." It will pay any
ruptured man or woman or the parents of a
.rurt'-rri child to. write to Dr. Rice for a copy
Of hi* bock; which he sends free to all. And If
you snow of any one else who is ruptured tell
Dr. R:-» to also ser.l a book to him. Do this at
once. T>'.n't /ielay in a matter of fitich hnpor-
r tnr.r».' Investigate this nrervelous method that
■la cuarcsteed cure rupture. '
ABUSE AGAIN
MEETS WITH
A REVERSE
Beaten in Hollow Style
by St. Calatine.
DR. SHEPPARD ALSO DOWNED
LED PAST THE WIRE BY TOP
MAST.
Fred Foster Out of Luck — Two Win
ning Choices at Oakland — El Sa
lado Made a Disgraceful
Showing.
Fred Foster seems to be out of luck'
with his auger-legged sprinter Abuse.
Borne da>s ap.. while at the post in a
ap at Oakland, Rubicon tested the
: the brown horse, nearly brv .
two or three of them, after which he 5
■started, finishing second. Yesterday
In a six-furlong dash
against Si. Calatlne, Olinthus and Som
bre and again : rond. He did '
• m to have his old-time bunch uj
speed, and St. Calatlne, ridden by a lad
named Mills, beat him out somewhat ;
cleverly i:. ;t was the winner's,
first start this season and she gives prom- '
Jse of boir.g quite as good as last year.
tosed favorite in the bet-
ting.
Of the other five events run off favor
ites took but two. The track was good,
but not fast, the performance of Top
mast in the mile and a sixteenth event :
being the best of the afternoon.
The Baldwin entry, Ed Salado, looked
like a pretty fair proposition in the open- •
ing event, a sprint over the Futurit>
course. Still the books all seemed will- j
ing to take the coin in. on the mare, and t
many took the old "hunch"— beware of
long odds. Ruiz had the mount, and if j
she was possessed of any speed he was j
unable to make her show it. Her show- :
ing- was a frightful one. Horatio, the sec
ond choice, came in for steady support
and won in a hard drive from February.
In the six-furlong run following Juva
showed herself to be a clever repeater. ;
Starting a 9 to 10 favorite, she led from .
the start, winning in a romp from i
Yaruba. I
The start In the two-year-old scramble ;
had something to do with the defeat of
the favorite Mountebank, ridden by Pig
gott. Galene slipped away in the lead
ar.d shortly after the barrier was released j
Hennessy, astnke Loch Katrine, cut the !
tirst choice off. Galene. however, could j
not be lost, finishing third. In a haro.
drive Loon Katrine reached the wire halt
a length before Tar Hill.
Dr. Sheppard, another from the string
of Fred Foster, came to grief in the mi!»
and a sixteenth recital. The Doctor ruled ;
a warm favorite, and after racing head j
and head- into the stretch with Pat Mor- I
rissev the pair were easily beaten out j
by Thorpe on Topmast, the second choice.
Driving hard, the favorite took the place
from Morrissey by a head.
The final mile and a furlong selling run j
was only a gallop for Wheel of Fortune. ;
The mare ruled an odds-on choice and j
won easing up from Ulm.
Track Notes.
the shaJ - ' ng made by Ei
Salado the judges 'notified Trainer G
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK. Tuesday, March 28. 1899.—Sixty-sev
enth day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather
fine. TTack fast.
JOSEPH A. MURPHY, Presiding Judge.
JAMES B. FERGUSON, Starter.
CO A FIRST RA.CE— Futuritv course; Belling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, *3-0.
OC3*4e " . _
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. ;St.
**---
Jockeys.
i Bett:
Op.
Hm.
Mm.
Str.
667 Horatio, 5* 112- 4
876 February, 5 106 <
876 Socialist. 4 105 9
771 Montallade, 6 108 1
471 Don Gara. 6 in ■>
CfSS'v El Salado, 4 103 2
871 Espirando. 4 104 5
825 Ricardo, a 109 6
853 Potente. 4 104 8
871 Sevoy, 4 104 10
isTt) Roadrunner. a 111,11
7 1
I fa
4 a
3 H
1 1
9 2
81
* 4
' 1
10 1
11
5 1
I 4
4 2
1 h
: 1
6 2
9 4
8 3
11
10 2
5 1
1 M
2 h
4 1
3 4
7 1
6 1
9
5 3
10
11
1 h
2 h
3 1
4 2
5 3
6 h
7 1
8 1
9 3
10 2
11
Piggott 2 11-5
jCoburn 10 20
Jenkins 10 30
Th rpe 3 7-2
•Jones 10 25
jßuiz 2 9-5
Gray S 20
J. Power [ 20 100
(Mills : 5 12
Hahn I lb 40
;Hennessy 1 15 30
•>.t* jvoa-iu— in-i. — -■-!-- : : _ .
Tlme _To 4 _n%; to 4". :464: las*. 4. 1:024: short «£_:-»£ Winner. H. Dimond's eh.
_ J «^ MMinThian Lurline Good start. Wen first three driving.
h ' w.^ft*, riding landed I the race for Horatio. February should have won. Montallade
w_^tr_e short probably! El Salado was "dead." Gray, on Espirando. took matters al-
_3^__S_^_£_ Warren len^A-ne 102. Mainstay Hi. Heritage 108; Don Fulano 111.
Greyhurst IPS, H_e___ c _l_?"* . —
•_ _— ' SECOND RACE-Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse. $350.
ooO» . - ;
Index. Horse.
Weight.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
(STS) Juva lie! 1
87S Yaruba 112 3
763 Naplan I l * »
771 Rainier Jlf *
(853) Festoso il_ =
87S Sidelong 11' _
S_s Judge Wofford 112 7
.42 Guatemoc 10« _\
B">s Royal Fan 103 6
■_ Anchored Ha' * _
1 4
2 3
8 2
4 h
6 4
5 2
8 h
9
7 4
...
1 1
2 4
» 1
4 2
6 4
5 1
*. <•
9
7 1
1 2
2 £4
3 14
4 1
5 2
6 3
9
8
1 IH (Jones 1
2 4 'Piggott ;
3 2 Thorpe ;
4 h (Gray .... I
5 5 Ruiz 1
6 4 IG. Wi150n.....
" 4 Hennessy .... '
S3 1. Powell
& Roullier j
... Macklln
i 6-5 9-10
6 8
10 20
5 6
6 10
• 30 40
30 SO
: 15 25
j 30 100
10 15
~y _• , .341 • n, •_»_: %, 1:16. Winner. D. S. Fountain's eh. f. by imp. Juvenile-
_>— J.l. -' rtw- "itart "Won easily Second and third driving.
EK j^-aoutLtedh rcompany. Kaplan ran more kindly than usual. Festoso was a
dlsarpolr.tmer.t. 109. Peter Weber 111.
I'gter_V.eber 112.
oon THIRD RACE-Four furlongs: two-year-olds; purse, J4OO.
I
Weight. St.
Vim.
4m.
Mm.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
| Bel
Or.
Index. Horse.
ses Loch Katrine — 115 5
774 Tar Hill 113 '
740 Gaiene 10S 4
.•"2 Mountebank US 1
8.2 G!iSsar._o 10? 2
(753) Icedrop 115 3
84* Champion Rose 105 6
_6S Big Horn IPS 8
2 2
4 3
li
3 h
5 2
7 3
6
6 2
I 2
4 2
1 2
2 h
5 2
« 4
: l
S
1 *-» Hennessy ....
2 H IMacklln I
3 2 iThorpe
4 2 IPlggott 1
5 3 (Ruiz
- h Penny
7 3 W. Narvaez.. 1
__________P___-_____-
-3 7-2
10 12
6 13
1 1
10 12
10 12
50 20*3
10" 8
Time— H. :_>: M. , Winner. _.„ H. Ezell's br. t. by Huron- Venturis. Good start.
S-G^enV 1 -*-- _e V _axrler but could not last. Tar Hill ran a corking good race. Mounte-
bank^-wr...- with toon after start by winner. Big Horn was ridden by Powell.
— c »y FOURTH FACE- Six furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
OO i • ,
Index. Horse.
Weight. ;St.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
..St Calatine. 4 103- 1
g?3 Abase. - 128 2
$21 Olinthus, 3 114 4
874 Sombre. 3. 92 3
3 2
1 2
4
I h
2 h
It
4
33
2 3
1 1
3 4
4
1 2
2 4
3 1
4
Mills
IPlggott
H. Shields....
J. Reiff
8-5 11-5
2 9-5
12 10
8-5 2
<-j m e_-*_ -24* i* M '43* *<» •{_,. Winner. E. D. Mr-Sweeney's eh. m: by St. Carlo-
Caia'inV 'Good start. ' Won' cleverly. Second and third driving. _: ' _""' _,_
The winner was much the best. Abuse seems to have lost his edge. Sombre did not
rut mac. of a figure. ____^
—— q FIFTH RACE— and one-sixteenth miles; three-year-olds and upward; purse,
c3«_>«3» 1400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.. St. Std. Hm.
4m.
Mm.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
I Betting.
Op. Cl.
._ "•,--,_« 6 106' 4 42 32 32 86 34 13 Thorpe 3 13-5
_5 l'.'- 'Uh'->p-a*- i 112 2 11 111h21242n Ptatrtt 1 4 -5
I*7 Pat Morrissey. 5... W1f 6 6 2 4 2 3 lh lh 3 3 J. Reiff 4 7
tH R-y^lTufrra. 5... 109 3 2h 4 1 5 3 4 2 4 2 4 8 Macklln 5 10
_V 7 '.'re 11. 5.. 104 5 51 6 4h 56 55 5 5 Ruiz 60 200
875 T%_____ : _ ____ 3h 5H « « « « jMounce 20 40
Tims- 1-16 :07: 5-16. :31; 9-16. -:!_»i; 13-18. 1:214: mile, 1:41: tl 1-16 m.. 1:474. Winner.
Carruthers _ Shields' b. h. by Prince of Norfolk-Haldee. Good start except Pat Morrissey.
Won easily. Second and third driving. -.-,_.,. . _. . ' , . '
The race was run just to suit the winner. %Wth a fair start Morrissey might have
won. Rey del Tlerra has trained off. Tempo sulked. ;
3 13-5
1 4-5
4 7
5 10
50 200
20 40
000 SIXTH RACE— and one-eighth, miles; selling: three-year-olds
OC3_r*» P u *_____!_____-
and
upward;
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. -St. Std. Mm.
" ; " " " Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight Std. Mm. Mm. %m. Str. Fin, j Jockeys. Op. ci.
T^sTwh'l of Fortune. a.IOS 3 Sh 14 11 13 ... 15 Thorpe 1-2 9-20
s__ Ulm 3 95 8 6 1 6*. 3h 6 3 ... 2 2 Gray 6 11-2
464 Prince Blazes. 4.... 1C5S 2 s*. 4h 62 s*. ... J. E.Jones '4? ...•:«
555 Ear" Cochran. 6.... 109 « 4 2 2 2 22. 2 2 ... 4 4 Roulller 15 20
ST. Billy McCloekey. 6.113 99 85 4% 31 ... El Robertson ... 100 100
576 Stan Powers. 4 107' 1 81 7h 7h 42 ... 62 Harris 30 100
565 Rosemald. 4 103 7 73 9 Sh 71 ... 75 Klley 40 100
R54 None -itch, 4 105 5 2h 6 1 52 810 ... 812 Ruiz SO 100
£ 45 Moraxta. 4 _____ lh-31 9 3 ... » L Powell JO 100
Time— :13: 4. :37H: H. 1:03; _ 1:294: mile. 1:43: 14 m.. 1:664. Winner. J. Harvey's
eh m. by' Gano-Jennle B. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
The Wheel was out of her class. Prince Blazes could and should have been second.
Others a bad assortment.
Scratched— 91.
4m.
Mm.
Str.
Fin.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, AVEDXESDAY, MARCH 29, 1899.
Baldwin that unless' his stable of horses
run more consistently In future his en
tries would be refused.
From advices received at the track yes
terday it appears that Dan Honig's horses
met with disaster at a station near Ba
kersfield called Bagdad. • The car was
consumed by fire, and The Swain, Our
Climate and four two-year-olds wore In
cinerated. Rosebeau and Schiller, be
longing to Barney Schreiber, and Ed
Gartland. Zamar 11. Fortunate and a
maiden three-year-old, the property of
Honig. were saved, according to report.
Young Mills, who cleverly piloted St.
Calatlne, Is in a peck of trouble over a
contract. He was taken from an orphan
age by the St. Louis firm of Cella & Sippy
and last winter came to California with
Caesar Young. Dissatisfied, the exercise
boy left Young and placed himself under
the protection of an Emeryville Justice of
the Peace. Yesterday Judge Murphy re
ceived a wire from Cella & Sippy. asking
him to restrain Mills from further riding
and stating that they would forward a
copy of their contract. The matter will
then be passed upon by the Oakland offi
cials.
Handicapper Brooks yesterday an
nounced the weights for the Palace Hotel
handicap, to be decided on Saturday next.
They are as follows: Fleur de Lis 124.
Satsuma 121, What-Er Lou 121. Ostler Joe
115. Ruinart 115. Adolph Spreckels 113.
Topmast 112. Paul Griggs 112. David Ten
ny 110, Cromwell 110, Ramiro 110. Grady
108, Ray del Tierra 108, La Goleta 108,
Morellito 108, Napamax 107. San Venado
107. Formero 106, First Tenor 106, Wheel of
Fortune 104. Tempo 100, Eddie Jon. 102.
Olinthus l r »). Rosinante 100. Storm King
100 Bemardlllo 100, Col. Wheeler 100, Tom
Cromwell • 98, Our Johnny 98. Morinel 9s.
Roscrmonde 98. Gauntlet 94. Maud Fergu
son 94. Miss Marion 93. Espionage 91, Cas
dale 90 Humidity 90, Rainier 88, St. Ap
ollinaris 88. Tenbrae 87, Rapldo ST., Baby
King S3, Eventide 85, Recreation 95, Froh
man 82, Fleming 80, Boardman 80, Rose
bi.au •
To-Day's Entries.
First Race — Five furlongs; maiden three
year-olds; selling:
SS3 Crutch 100 860 Florence Fink.. .107
542 Somis 10'Ji SoS Ora Ccpa .... 107
... Ed Lanlgan 112 j ... Sylvan Lass 10.
t\2 Racebud 107J 579 Alhaja 107
ST? Gold Baron 109 110 Noma 10.
574 Ear! Islington... l ... Dicky Bird 109
559 Cleodora lOTI 523 Peach 810550m.. 107
559 Gin Sling 109 573 Gold Garter 109
SS6 Limatus 107 i
Second Race— Three and a half furlongs; two
year-olds: selling; maidens:
*MS Pldalla 110] i if > Rachel C 110
817 Rose of H11O...115; 850 Slsquoc 115
529 Kolena 1151 86< Garbo US
Sls Silver Tail ... 115; SSu Florentia US
556 Solace 110
Third Race — One and a sixteenth miles; sell
ing; three-year-old* :
$04 Gilberto 101 "1 Dunpralse 1M
(i7S)Glengaber 10S 859 The Wooer 100
(S2S)Annowan ICS SSS Romany 103
SSS Naplan 103 574 Peter Weber IC3
866 Faversham .. 106 !
Fourth Race— Three ar»i a half furlongs;
selling; maiden two-year-olds:
522 try's Garter. .llsl 517 Torn Sharkey...lls
SSS Flush of G01d. .115; BSfl Yoloco IIS
71-S La Amiga .. 115! SSO .-.'■,- 115
SSO Hallfa* 115 850 Bamboulla 118
Sio Champion Rose. llo- S6S Fannie Mills ...110
Fifth Race— furlongs; selling; three-year
olds and up:
<«36)Tor.y Ucaltl.... S5! m Midlight 96
(S73)Moringa 100 i 62S Peixotto ps
Sixth Race— Seven furlonss; three-year-olds;
selling:
573 Stromo 105 MS Whaleback 110
M" Jennie Reid ....105 861 Crossmollna ....?5
SS3 Casdale 106 881 "harmante . ..100
SSS Rainier ..' *7j v" Llmewater .. 106
(7S2)Lavator 107' 320 Oraibee 107
566 rona S5!
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Florence Fink, Noma, Racebud.
! Second Race— Solace, Sisquoc, Rachel C
Third Race— Glengaber, Peter Weber, Anno-
W Fourth Race— Alary 1 s Garter, Fannie Mills.
La Amiga.
Fifth Race— Pe'.xotto, Midlight, Moringa.
Sixth Race— Llmewater. Lavator. Whaleback.
Rear Admiral Schley writes about
the most thrilling moment of his life,
in next Sunday's Call.
SPECULATION ON
MRS. STANFORD'S
SALE OF STOCK
University Likely to
Get the Benefit.
BOON FOR THE INSTITUTION
THE DEAL MAY MEAN MUCH
TOR PALO ALTO.
Possession of Two Millions in Cash
Would Enable the Widow to
Carry Out Her Plans for
the University.
The action of Mrs. Jane L. Stanford in
-:ng of her holdings of Central Pa
cific stock, by which she realized nearly
... •• : ■ ws of which has just been
made public, was the subject of much
speculation in this city yesterday. It is
tak-n for granted that the proceeds of the
sale will be devottJ, largely If not wholly.
to the university at Palo Alto, the pride
ar.d glory of the late Senator Stanford's
widow. The only ground for this conclu-
sion, to be sure, is the well-known fact
that Mrs. Stanford has for some time had
in contemplation various schemes of im
provement in connection with the institu
tion of learning founded and so liberally
endowed by her husband, which have
been held in abeyance because of lack of
funds; but as it is equally a matter of
public knowledge that the one ambition,
of Mrs. Stanford's life is to further em
bellish and expand this magnificent mon
ument to the memory of her only son, the
conclusion seems amply justified.
Ever since the death of Senator Stan
ford his widow has encountered obstacles
in her efforts to provide the necessary
funds for the maintenance of the univer
sity on the scale originally contemplated
by its founder, obstacles due to the litiga
tion in connection with the settlement of
tne vast estate, which tied up, a goodly
portion of its income for several years,
and other causes which it is not necessary
to mention. At times these obstacles have
threatened to seriously interfere with her
plans, and it was only by the most ener
getic efforts on her part, coupled with ex
tremely good management, that Mrs. Stan
ford was enabled to provide the funds
necessary to keep the doors of the institu
tion open to the young men and women
anxious to secure a finished education.
Within the past few years these difflcul
. • • m. asure tx - •
moved, but at the same lime the erection
of new buildings and provision for addi
tional courses, necessitating: the expendi
ture of large sums, have been delayed,
owing to the trouble experienced in pro
viding the money needed to carry these
plan? to successful consummation. With
the acquisition of nearly (2 ■ imme
■ . it is believed Mrs. Stan
-•■e her way clear to carry
out her plans in this regard.
_ i >wirig to the serious illness of Mrs.
Stanford's brother. Charles G. Lathrop,
the true inwardness of the sale of her
Centra! Pacilio stock car.r.o' be learned,
is bed
side, and in v ■ • anxiety i
v«.ry naturally dec!::
•
who might be possessed of information on
the subject I - taik. believing that
Mrs. Stan: drat to take
the public Into her confidence. George
Crocfcer, who was In New York when the
deal by which Mrs. Stanford succeeded
ln disposing of her stock was completed,
practically admits the truth of the facts
as published, but declines to be Inter
viewed.
"I was surprised to see the articles on
the subject in the morning papers.'" he
said last night, "and any further informa
hould T>me from Mr?.
Stanford. It la a matter that concerns her
alone, and until - ly to talk of h^r
action and her plans. I must decline to do
bo. I will not even admit that I know
anything about the matter."
There s^ms to be little doubt, however.
that the sale was Inspired by a desire on
nrt of Mrs. Stanford to secure a
larce sum of n for the use of
• [veralty, and an era of unexampled
prosperity appears in be dawning on the
seat of learning at Palo Alto.
HER INVESTMENT.
Mrs Stanford Believed to Have
Bought Southern Pacific
Bonds.
NEW YORK, March 2S.— The report
from Par. Francisco that Mrs. Leland
Stanford has sold her Central Pacific
stock to Speyer & Co. of this city has
•r.f.rmed at the office of that firm.
The stock was bought by Speyer & Co.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
>©oocooo©©oos©3eo©0oeooeooooeoooo©ooo&oeoo8O3c©oooaooGOC©ooooQOOco
II ARE YOU A WEAK MAN?
dd^kM&k A%? HO YOU realize that you are not the
■k^BLi >? U man you should be at your age?
'jj^H^HHp^ Are you growing old too soon ? Do you
l^^^^^m * mci y° ur strength failing you, expos-
ing the great drain that as been sapping the
J^fH|yi very life and ambition out of you? Then you
fib; ififfli must up and help yourself. You can't stand this
S^^^S drain any longer. You must use my new
mHH method of applying Electricity. See -what it did
$100 COULD NOT BUY IT.
UKIAH, Cal., January 13. 1???.
DR. M. A. IIcIiA.UQHL.TK— Dear Sir: I will now write you concerning the Belt. I have worn it two months, and it has given
me vast Improvement. One hundred dollars in good money could not buy it if I could not get another. I feel much better in every
way, and am highly pleased with the Belt. I always speak of its qualities to my friends. Wishing you much success, I remain
yours truly. UKIAH LUCE.
It Is Not an Experiment-
. A system which has cured thousands of weak men cannot be termed an experiment.
It is a positive cure for all weakness, loss of memory, nervousness, rheumatic and kid-
ney pains, debility, wasted vitality, etc.. and you miss the best part of your life if you
go without it any longer.
It pours Electricity into your nerves while you sleep ; you wake up fresh and
bright, and ready for anything. It makes a man bright, ambitious and confident.
Call and see it, or let me send you my book about it. free, closely sealed.
dr. m, a. Mclaughlin, "THREE CLASSES OF MEN,''
702 Market Street, Corner Kcarny, San Francisco, or 204 1-2 mailed free.
South Broadway, Los Angeles. send for it.
OrriCE HOOKS— a A. X. to 8:30 P. X. EunJ»T», 10 to L " NEVER SOLD IK DRU3BTOBES.
YOUNG STUDEBAKER
AS A PLAYWRIGHT
Son of the Wagon Magnate Will
Organize His Own Theatri
cal Troupe.
PETER E. STI'DEBAKER JR.. sen of the famous wagon manufacturer
of Chicago, will blossom forth very shortly as a full-fledged playwright.
The young heir to the Studebaker millions is at present stopping at
the Palace Hotel, where he is finishing- a vivid romantic drama entitled
"Sword and Scepter."
The drama was written entirely by young Studebaker and is of the
same school as "Under the Red Robe 1 and "The Prisoner of Zenda,"
While the vein of the drama runs along the same lines as these famous
:h- re is nothing in Mr. Btudebaker's drama that borders on r-a
glarlam. The your.tr man's literary effort has been closely criticised by some
of the most competent critics in the United States, all of whom speak in
the hiehos: praise of his nroduction. Mr. Stude'oaker intends to select a
company o: high-class artists to produce the play. He will organize his
company during the summer and in the fall I m this city to make
a t^'ur of the United States.
Mr. Studebaker has no liking for the business in which his sire accum
so he intends to invest his brains, energy and
capital in I
jl r p begai the drama a little less than a year ago.
He devote: time and attention to the work but before- it was half
finished his health failed him and his physicians advised a change of air
gjri a ■ The young playwright ceased his iabors and came to the
coast He has been sojourr.i: - m part of the State for quite
a time but this is El - Francisco. He is ac-
Dled by his mother and sister. Miss Dorothy Studebaker. a stun
riir.sr Chicago belle - -• summers. Miss Studebakt r will" finish her
education -ty under pri\ Li tut cc.
Mr Studebaker has partially written a four-act military- drama .which
will also be produced by his own company. He has displayed a marked
r the profession he has adopted. He intends to organize a
pany equally as good as any now or-, the road, and has communicated with
.". leading actors and actresses whom he intends to sign for a long
period. .....•««•«..*
"Tea it is true that I am finishing <-.t-.? of my plays, said Mr. Stude
baker when seen last night at the Palace Hotel. "In fact, I have Just
fln'shed my best drama. 'Sword and Scepter,' and am now going over it.
I intend to organize a select company during the summer, and in the fall
I will produce the play at one of the local theaters. We will play an en
gagement in this city." one in Oakland and Los Angeles and then start
East. We will tour the United States, playing in all the large cities. I
have no liking for my father's business because I know nothing about it.
I never displayed an ambition to !e;trn the wagon manufacturing business.
■ 'her knows enough about that for the entire family.
* "I have always had a Ift eatrlcal affairs, and as that is the
career I have mapped out for myself I may as well begin now as any
time My - been thoroughly criticised by competent critics and I
have been assured that it will please the theater-going public. I feel cer
tain that it will meet with the approbation of the critics, and playgoers.
11l health I had to step working on it for a time, but since I
have been on this cca>~. I have felt much better, consequently I have
found time enough to nnish It."
personally. It Is understood that the
rnonev realized frcm the sale of her stock
has been •• by Mrs. Stanford in
Southern Pacific bonds.
NATIVE DAUGHTERS' HOME.
: That Institution Is Gaining in Favor.
Guests Who Are Now Residing
There.
The new home of the Native Daughters
of the Golden West is becoming one of
the institutions of this city, and it is at
. tracting a great deal of attention among
i the Native Daughters throughout the
I State It is visited daily by members of
the order, and all who do so do not fail
■■ to mention at the parlors they visit what
they observed. What they do say is in
nra"i«e of the home, and they could not
speak- of it In any other terms, for under
the direction of Mother Wllkin it is such
!in the fullest sense of that endearing
word. Already there have been several
guests who have during their stay in the
city made it their abiding place. The latest
registrations there are Mrs. Bernhart of
Sahta^Cruz Parlor No. 26 and companion,
M M?« L> M d at B° Wilkin, the vice-president
of the home, and a most earnest worker
for that institution, has accepted a posi
tion at the Stanford University.
Polk Street Noiseless Pavement.
The question of having Polk -
paved with a noiseless pavement
will be brought before the board of di
rectors of the Merchants 1 Association at
their meeting to-morrow - The •
interest'of the Polfc Btreet merchants will
be represented by Louis H. Kohn, the
president of the Bush
Uon Be will argue that Inasmuch as
Polk - ' :n having
■ : ■ ■ nter of
r.et at the expense of its merchants
and property owners, and al^.
eating
ments on business street?, his street, he
will claim, should be accorded priority in
getting down the improved | av< ment at
public' e-xpense.
In the Divorce Court.
Atrr.es Lorntzer. was granted a divorce
fr^m Hartvig Lorntsen yesterday on the
pround of habitual intemperance. The
:;f was allowed to resume her
•i r.ame, Christoffersen. Eva J.
has been granted a divorce from
Hoy B. Mills on the ground of desertion.
RosentV. '. ' Rosen
feld for a divorce, alleging cruelty as a
cause of action.
CLEVER CAPTURE OF
A CHINESE PERJURER
HE SWORE THAT HE WAS A
MERCHANT.
Found Ironing Shirts in a Washhouse
With His Mouth Full of Squirt
Water in Oriental Style.
Chinese Inspectors Tlppett ar.<i Gardiner
made a clever capture yesterday of a
9 ; perjurer named Lee Yin Tong. :
r is a professional witness for
the slai ~ and in order to conceal
his real character and to add weight to
his testimony he poses as a tobacco mer
chant and member of the Cabanas To- !
bacco Company at 422 Front street.
A few days ago Tong appeared before
the Chinese Burean in the case of a pre
tended American-born Chinaman who was
- to land. Tong told his little
; ,is being a merchant and as
to havii .- nt at the boy's birth
in a Dupont-street lodging house and also '
as to having set-: In China a year
or two ago. It was the same old stereo
typed yrarn, and Inspectors Gardiner and
tt made a quiet investigation into
the present standing and the antecedents
of the pretended merchant. They found
that he had not b*en connected in any
•y with the Cabanas Tobacco Corn
er, and that he
had b* S recently packing cases
in a wn. They
trncc-d him from place to place and finally
': a washhcuse on Washington
street, between Stockton and Powell, and
beheld. Mr. Lee Yin Ton?, the pretended
merchant, with his sleeves rolled up and
his mi- t water squirting upon a
pil9 of shirts which he was ironing.
As Boon as he saw the inspectors he
dropped the- flatlron and ran into the
yard. whither he was pursued in hot haste
by the Inspectors.
"Having been cantrht in the ungentle- ,
manly act of laboring, and not being pro- .
with :■. cerl registration as
such, he will be deported to China.
Shafter and the Golden Links.
The Go.den Links will give an enter
tair.mer.t at Sherman-Clay Hall on the
evening of April 3. An address by Gen
eral Shafter is to be the star feature of
n. Tickets are now on sale at
Sherman . Clay & Co.'s at 25 cents, includ
ing reserved seat.
| ADVERTISEMENTS. ■
THE OLD WAY
Of Treating Dyspepsia and Indiges-
tion by Dieting a Dangerous-
and Useless One. • . ,' V
We say the old way. but" really ifis
a very common one at present time and
many dyspeptics and physicians a3
well consider the first step-, to take la
attempting to cure indigestion is to
' diet, either by selecting certain foods-
and rejecting others or to greatly di-
i minish the quantity usually taken, in
] other words, the starvation plan is by
i many supposed to be the first essential.
The almost certain failure of the star-
vation cure for dyspepsia has been
' proven time and again, but still the
I moment dyspepsia makes its appear-
l ance a course of dieting is at once ad-
| vised.
All this is radically wrong. It is fool-
: ish and unscientific to recommend diet-
s ing or starvation to a man suffering
from dyspepsia, because indigestion
itself starves every organ and every
nerve and every fiber in the body.
What the dyspeptic wants is abund-
i ant nutrition, which means plenty of
! good, wholesome, well cooked food and
i something to assist the weak stomach
Ito digest it. This is exactly the pur-
I pose for which Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab-
! lets are adapted and this Is the method
i by which they cure the worst cases of
| dyspepsia, in other words the patient
i eats plenty of wholesome food : and
I Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets digest it
i for him. in this way the system is
; nourished and the overworked stomach
j rested, because the tablets will digest
! the food whether the stomach works
!or not. One of these tablets will digest
3000 grains of meat or eggs.
Your druggist will tell you that
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets is- the
purest and safest remedy forrStomach
; troubles and every trial makes one
'■ more friend for this excellent prepara-
tion. Sold at 50 cents- for full-sized
package at all drugstores. ' . i
A little book on stomach diseases
; mailed free by addressing F. A-.. Stuart
Co., Marshall, Mich. . ':
| i\icm\/IT A iW9«« Vitality
IMtn V I I M lost vigor.
t»M AND MANHOOD
JHPW^T Cu.-a Impotencv Night Emissions acsf wasting
8|982> m diseases, all effects of stlf-abusc. c- excess aad
Vjy*"^n iniiscretioa A nerve-tcnii and Hecd»builc*er.
'^B '^Br Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks aad if
fet Jtt^J stores the fire of youth. By nun. 50a per
PA/^yi ben 6 boxes for $2.50; with a -wriit.ea
guarantee to cure or refund the tnooev. • . v -
! Bmlta m«Kea> €«., CM«tcn • 3«ctewi »ts., Cbkaflo.
I Owl Drug Co., Sole Agts., II2S Market. S. .F.
/^\, Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary*
I Mr-tTtMk 625 KEABXT ST. EstatmsbeG
i KWS^fua in 1554 for the treatment of Private
' a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary^
62oKElBXTiT. Kstabllsbed
in 1554 for the treatmen; o{ Prtvsta
r>ise«»'*. Loet ilanhooct Debility or
i BJgpBsBJBc > disease wearingou mind ana
WB%lB&&4l Skin Diseases. The doctor cures ben
3a>Baßß3«q others fall. Try him. -Charges low.
INaBBgSSEcS Cnrogaaranlf yd. CallorwTitflL .
; Br,J.F<>lßßO<li Box 1337. Francisco.
AUCTION SALES.
FURNITURE OF 30 ROOMS.
THIS DAT (WEDNESDAY) AT .11 A. M. .;. ■
638 GREEN ST.. COR. TO WELL.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, 657- Market.
OCEAN TKAVKL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
j j«^ Steamers leave- Broadway
■ rifrk.. xrharf. San Francisco:
: t^^S^v For Alashnr. ports. IC? a. m ,
■DQk^ Apr. I. '.. ■:. : ... -' • May l:
IST jt^?iA?k change at Seattle.
BsyvSsS Jr> -' r Victoria,- Vancouver (B.
' r-V^S^S^»l r - ] - PoTt Towr.ser.d. Seattle,
BK Tacoma, -Everett, Anacortes
j and New Whatcom *Wash.>,
"** i, a. m.. .Apr. 1, 6, 11, 16.. -'.
i 25. May 1. and even' fifth day thereafter;
i change at Seattle to this company's steamers
! for Alaska and <;. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N.
! P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. .
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. Apr. 4.
■ 9. 14, 1?, 24, 29, May 4. and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon,
: Cayvcos. Port Harford (Pan Luis Obiepo).
I Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hcenemc.
i San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Ar.pciesl and
i Newport. ? a. rr... .Apr. 1. 6. 10. 14. IS. 2*. 26,
: 30. J.lay 4. ar.d every fourth Jay thereafter.
For San Diego, stonplr.fr only at Port Har-
i ford <San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
i ----- Redondo' (Los Angeles). 11 a.
i m.. Apr. 4. 8, 12. 16. 20. 24, 2S. May 2. ami
I every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Mapdalena Bay. San Jose d^l
I Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
! and Guaymas (Mes.). 10 a. m.-, Tth of each
i month. . "* ■-■ '."■
For further information obtain folder. :.
The -company reserves the ripht to chanpo
•without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
I and hours of sailine.
TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery
I street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS *CO Gen. Art*..
• 10 Market st.. San- Francisco.
THE 0. R, & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Sp«ar-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE *12 First Class Including Berth*
IAnC 58 Second Clas* and Meal*.
Columbia »all« March 14. 14; April J. 11, 22.
Etate of California sails March li, S3; April
8, 18, IS.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Bntta.
Helena and all points In the. Northwest.
Through tickets to ail points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS 4 CO.. •
Superintendent.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo) Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc.- No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MART* Wednesday, April IS
AMERICA MART' Saturday, May «
HONGKONG MART." Thursday, Jure 1
Round triD tickets at reduced ra.tes. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW FORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARIS.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St Paul February 22! St. Paul March 13
St. Louis March 1 St. Louis March 23
RED STAR LINE.
(New York and Antwerp.'
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Kensington.. .Feb'y r Southwark March i
Noordland Feb'y 22! Westernland.. March 15
Friesland March I 'Kensington. .March 23
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael, Dawson City. -
For full information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
SO Montgomery St., or any of its agencies.
@BE*mUl£l The s - s - Australia
'j&BffisC Fal!s f °r Honolulu
ligHSli* Wednesday. April 5.
U"**. *^ at 2p. m.
CXtS'^ L" i ®' Mariposa
Bails via Honolulu
CXKIIOIIU and Auckland for
(Oillß9ll£F Sydney Wednesday.
\v/iupjiuq April 19 at Mp. m
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa, New Zealand. Australia. India. Suez.
England, etc. $610 first class.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts., 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St Freight Office, 327 Market St.
COMPAONIB GENERALS TRANBATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. V*^--- "
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m <SL£io>
from Pier 42, North Kiver. foot of <J«ee»
Morton st. LA NORMANDIE. 'April 1; LA
CHAMPGNE. April S. LA BRETAONE April
15; LA TOURAINE, April 22; LA GASCOGNE.
April 29. First-class to Havre. $65 and up-
ward. 5 per cent reduction on round trip. Sec-
ond class to Havre. $45. 10 per cent • reduction ■
round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 3 Bowling
Green. New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pa-
ciflc Coast Agts.. 5 Montgomery aye.. S. F.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMEBS. "
FOB I). S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
Hon., Tues., Wed., Thura. and Sat., at 5:45 a.
m.. 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night): Fridays
lpm. and 8:30; Sundays 10:30 a. m., S p. m.
Landing and office. Missloa-st. Dock. Pier No.
2. Telephone Main 15M.
FARE Mr
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
SHE NOW SUES
BIGAMIST GAY
FOR A DIVORCE
Mme. Edeau - Gay's
Complaint Filed.
A CONVICT WITH FIVE WIVES
ONE IS AWAITING HIS RELEASE
TO JOIN HIM AGAIN.
love Letters Written in San Quentin
Provec Futile and Chaplain
Drahms Would Not
Intercede.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, March 28.
• Mme. Millie Edeau Gay has finally de
cided to rid herself of her convict hus
t>and, Willis B, Gay, who was sent to San
I Quentin in February, 1897. to serve three
years for bigamy.
Her divorce- complaint, prepared by At
torney H. B. Griffith, was tiled in the
Superior Court late this afternoon, and
the ground upnn which she bases her ac
tion is that Willis B. Gay has been con
victed of a felony.
The parties were married in Colorado :
; about six years ago,, but the season of j
happii ■ was of short duration, for Gay
goon deserted his wife and her daughter
[lay a former husband named Edeau, and
came to California.
Possessed of a gllbness of tongue that
& Chicago drummer would envy, Gay
coon found employment as manager of a j
i large Alan tea store.
' In the Enclnal City Gay met Miss May
•^rcGarford at Mrs. Spencer's private
boardinar-house on Oak street. He whis
pered sweet nothings into her ears, and i
: a buggy ride on January 8, 1897, resulted
in a marriage on the same day. Since >
then it has been said that this made
Gay's fifth matrimonial enterprise. Still
'nothing could be learned definitely of any
previous wives save Mrs. Millie Edeau-
Gay present plaintiff, and the bigamous
Gay' has never confessed to having had
more than two." !••_..
Mme. Edeau-Gay soon heard of her hus- :
band's' bigamous conduct and hurried to |
the coast, and while the erring man was |
Tmskir.g in the rays of the honeymoon
with wife No. 2 she appeared at .their
homo in Alameda and created a stormy
ecene. which culminated in Gay's arrest
on a charge of bigamy. While in the Ala
meda City Prison Mrs. Gay No. 2 was al
most constantly with her illegally ac
quired spouse, and though he plead*
guilty witnout much ado she declared by
all that was holy she would cling by him
until death should decree otherwise. Gay
was sentenced to three years' imprison
ment, and his term expires in a few
months. What has become of Mrs. Gay
No. 2 is not known, but it is Buposed that
pho is- close by awaiting his liberation,
when they will be legally made man and
•wife.
Mrne. Edeau-Gay, instead of returning
to her old home in Colorado, settled down
In Oakland, opening a dressmaking par
lor. • Since Gay's incarceration at San
Quentin he has frequently written letters
to her asking her forgiveness and seek- !
ing to rekindle the old love flame, not
■withstanding Mrs. Gay continued to vow
vengeance and to trail him to the ends of j
the earth for his wrong, even after he
should be again freed. So eager was Gay
to consummate a reconciliation that he
tried to Influence Chaplain Drahms at San
Quentin- to exercise his offices in that be
half. Gay's love-making took an end,
and now Mrs. Gay seeks a legal separa
tion. _
WOUNDED AT MANILA.
Ernest L. Jones of Alameda Pierced
by an Insurgent Bullet.
ALAMEDA, March 28.— Emmet L. Jones,
a. private in Company K. Second Oregon,
Who was reported as having- been wound
ed at Manila in the fighting on Monday,
is a resident of this city. He was formerly
captain of the Hoys' Brigade con:
with the First Presbyterian Church of
this city. While acting In that capacity
he organized a Boys' Brigade Signal
Corps, and at the breaking out of the war
] listed as a volunteer and was as
signed to the signal corps. The young
man's mother lives at the corner of
[Fountain and Van Buren streets, and is
greatly worried over the reports. At the
time of his enlistment he was engaged to
Miss May Bowcher of 2151 Central avenue.
Rambo-Griffin Nuptials.
ALAMEDA, March 28.— Miss Alic*>
Hambo of San Francisco and Ai.^i'ew
Griffin of 1011 Santa Clara avenue, who
were marrlerl at the home of Mr. and
Mrs. I*. T. Snow. 141P I.'nlnn street, on
Friday by Rev. w. W. Scudder, sailed
Saturday <>n the <~*hina for a honeymoon
trip to Japan. The groom is connected
with the firm of Griffin, Skelly & Co.
Tho bride was a. daughter of the late E.
p.. Ramho. Pacific roast representative
of an Eastern B rearm a company.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mar. 29 New prices Su'nday^
A No Liquors just A
\ . Good Groceries \
i It doesn't cost so much^
ito live well as it did! $
i Close cash buying solves^
imany a home problem. i
d Today's economies : 4
#Olive oil, quarts : 75c
M Elwood Cooper's — the standard m
\ of purity. Regularly 95c.
Vulcan Parlor Matches... 3c a
X Genuine Swedish; dozen boses in
m ; package. Usually inc. Q
$ Seedless Raisins, iolbs. 25c$
0 '/in bulk, but just as good as fancy a
\"_ packed. \
•'jFancy Japan Rice lb sea
V ■:;'•'••' Plump grains, full of nutriment. \
JJAmmotiia Borax Soap a
\ Goo. 1 for everything r O^ r k
m that soap ifl good for / DarS * C
f Laundry Starch lb 4c?
1 . Regular Quality. . f
#Ripe olives .....qt 15 d
§ Rich nutty flavor *
Oily and sweet. A
aN.Y. Sugar Corn can 8c
T ReguJur 10c quality.
\ SAVING STORES! :
saving stores:
8 9th & Washington, Oak. 7th & Wood, Oak. #
,*\ 1060 ' Washington, Oek. K. 12th & 13th Aye " \
. # Shatluck Avc. & Alston Way, Berkeley f
FEARS THAT
HIS SHARE IS
IN DANGER
V. D. Moody's Will
Causes Dissent.
THE CAPITALIST NOW ILL
HIS BON DISAGREES WITH HIS
STEPMOTHER.
Dissatisfaction in the Family of the
Aged Pioneer — Already the
Estate Has Been Ap
praised.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
pns Broadway. March 28.
Volnpy D. Moody, one of the wealthiest
and certainly host-known men in this
county, is suffering from paralysis and no
relief can be afforded him. He is at his
home in Berkeley and although a year
has elapsed since the last attack his con
dition is regarded as critical.
Already there is prospect of a contest
over the capitalist's vnst estate. A son of
the capitalist by his first wife has learned
the terms of his father's latest will and
has expressed his dissatisfaction. He does
not consider that his father is competent
to attend to his own business and may
apply for a guardian to be appointed.
Mr. Moody is one of the early residents
of California. Just half a century ago on
this date Mr. Moody and his parents
started from Wisconsin to cross the plains
with ox teams to California. They ar
rived In San Bernardino County in De
cember and finally were located in the
Pulgas redwoods in San Mateo County.
where Volney D. Moody engaged in the
lumber business. In 1850 he came to Oak
land, purchased a sawmill in what is now
East Oakland, and afterward went East,
purchased a band of horses and drove
VOLNEY D. MOODY, the Para=
lyzed Capitalist, Whose Es=
tate Has Already Caused his
Heirs to Quarrel.
them across the plains to California. A\\
his ventures were successful and in 1574
he organized the First National Bank of
Oakland and was its president for many
Mr Moody married twice and therein
lies the secret of the unhappiness which
clings around the close of his long, active
and successful life. His lirst wife was
Adeline Wright, whom he married in 1564.
The result of this union was three child
ren. William 8., Nellie E. and Mrs. \V. F.
Blood.
Some time after his separation from his
first wife Mr. Moody married his present
wife, who was Mrs. Robinson. She has
two daughters by her first husband and
unpleasantness exists between the two
families. Recently Mr. Moody made a
Will and his son declares that its terms
are not just to the children of his first
Speaking of the matter to-day W. B.
Moody said: "I am not satisfied partly
because 1 have not been able to see my
father alone for a long time. Whenever
I go to see him either Mrs. Moody or her
daughter is always present, and I feel
that I am watched. My father has made
several wills and they are altogether too
favorable to his wife, and I understand
that Fome deeds have already passed to
Mrs Moody. My father has suffered so
much from paralysis that I do not think
him competent to make a will."
Mrs Moody admits that there is a lit
t'e family unpleasantness and attributes
it parti v to the fact that, about two years
ago Will Moody met with an accident on
8 yacht whl<-h resulted in deafness, and
tide she thinks, has made him Buspicious.
Mr Moody is now ill. but his mind is
good and no one is guarding him to pre
vent his being seen by his family. Mrs.
Moody says that the stories are being cir
culated for a very plain purpose and re
grets that such unhappiness should D*
made public at a time when the central
figure of the family is in such a condition
that he cannot explain them away.
Anticipating trouble some time ago Mr.
Moody had his estate appraised by three
of his closest friends, who placed the
figures at $400.00(1
DIVINE REVELATION IN
BRANDES MURDER CASE
A SURPRISE FOR THE DISTRICT
ATTORNEY.
A Crank Tin burdened His Mind of a
Great Secret Regarding the
Murder.
OAKLAND, March 28.— Tho Brandes
murder case has resulted in unhinging the
mind of at least one person, though his
name has not been learned. A stranger
called on Deputy District Attorney Mel
vin to-day and Bought an interview with
that official regarding what he announced
as a very important matter concerning
the accused murderer. Ho was accorded
a bearing;.
"1 have divine knowledge about the
case." said the stranger, to the surprise
of the prosecutor. "It has been revealed
to me that Brandos had not been giving
his daughter Lillian proper training and
education, and because of this the girl
deliberately hanged herself." The speaker
here- stopped as though his heart had been
relieved of a heavy burden, and grace
fully he bowed himself out of the District
Attorney's office, refusing to give his
name. Before insane Keeper Keating of
the Receiving Hospital could be notified
the fellow had made good his escape.
The noted murder trial was again con
tinued this morning until to-morrow, ow
ing to the indisposition of Juror Benja
min Marston, who has been very sick
since last Thursday, when an adjourn
ment was taken on that account.
Died of His Injuries.
LIVERMORE. March 2S.— f'arl .Thorp,
who attempted to board the 6:38 passenger
train last night after it was in motion,
had his leg badly smashed. After having
it amputated last night by Dr. Taylor, he
died this morning In the GermanJa Hotel.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CAIX, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 29, 1899.
DR. P. GRAIF
TENDERS HIS
RESIGNATION
He Will Not Return
From Maine.
i
NOW HAS A RICH CHURCH
IN A POSITION WHERE HE CAN
DO MUCH GOOD.
The First Free Baptist Church Has
Accepted the Resignation.
Was Pastor for Four
Years.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, j
908 Broadway, March 28.
As was predicted, the three months'
leave of absence granted Rev. Philip
Graif, D. D., of th<* First Free Baptist j
Church, wna but the initial step toward :
his resignation. Dr. Graif went to the |
First Free Baptist Church of Lewiston,
Me., and has accepted a call at that i
place. He has forwarded the following j
letter to the members of his late church: i
LEWISTON, Me., March 6. 1899.
To the First Free Baptist Church, Oakland.
Peopre: For a period of four
years I have sustained to you the sweet and
sk.lv relation ol a pastor, aad now that duty
clearly calls nic to a wider field 1 profoundly
feel the pathos of severing ties that, with each
y.-ar have grown stronger and more precious.
Kare'ly has a pastor a social atmosphere more
congealal helpers more loyal, yoke-fellows
more eager and united and a congregation more
: iu'tW- and appreciative than you have
proved yourselves to be to me.
Indeed, you are very dear to my heart, and
as; l^ne as life lasts the memory of your de
votion and love will quicken and cheer me and
kindle- In me the highest emotions of gratitude
and attachment. Hut having been unexpect
eillv and as I believe, divinely summoned to
assume charge of the Main-street Free Baptist
Church of this city I hereby tender my resig
nation of your pastorate, to take effect Im
mediately. I do this with a keen pang of re
gret for my relations to you have been so
uniformly happy, and my impressions of the
Oakland clergy and people po richly delightful.
May the God of peace and Joy, penterostal
power and victory be with you evermore,
amen. Yours sincerely. PHlt-IP GRAIF.
In explaining; his resignation Dr. Graif
says that the Bates College Church, to
which he has been called, is a pastorate
of much importance. "Equipped with a
prestige and power of a large and lnHu
entiar church," he writes, "there are of
course many workers of first-class gifts
and acquirements. The pews are well
filled the music is of a high order and a
leading percentage of the city s elite are
wont to worship within its sacred walls,
and hence It affords me a splendid lever
age for doing good."
Dr. Graifs resignation has been ac
cepted. ,
MARY'S LIST OF
CRIMES COMPLETED
REMARKABLE LOVE FOR HER
WORTHLESS HUSBAND.
She Shared With Mollie Traynor the
Record for Disgrace and
Criminality.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 28.
An Inquest will be held to-morrow morn
ing on Mary Pipenberg. In the annals of
crime and degradation of this city for the
past ten years two young women figured
more than all the rest put together. Sev
eral months ago Mollie Traynor ended her
life with poison. Last night Mary Pipen
berg followed her example.
The Pipenbergs have lived for ten years
upon crime. There never has been a time
in which husband or wife was not in jail
or awaiting trial. Charles Pipenberg is
now serving a long sentence in San Quen
tin. For many years this notorious
couple exercised enough ingenuity to pre
vent being convicted of a felony, and their
sentences were therefore limited to short
terms in the County Jail. The woman 3
intense regard for her worthless husband
was remarkable. Many times he was ar
rested for beating her, and while serving
his short sentence she would carry all
kinds of delicacies to the jail, frequently
receiving nothing but curses for her trou
ble When her husband was released she
well knew that his first work would be to
get drunk and then to abuse her. This
went on for years, and finally they were
separated when Pipenberg was sent across
\ few' years ago Pipenberg and a police
officer named Banks, now a fugitive from
justice plotted to convict a man of a bur
glary in West Oakland. The plot was suc
cessful and he wa-s convicted. Efforts
were made to secure his release by prov
ing the worthless character of both Banks
and Pipenberg, but they failed. Mary
Pipenberg after her husband's incarcera
tion at San Quentin, frequently told of the
secret plot. She was but 27 years old,
though her list of crimes is as long as
though she had lived twice that length of
time.
BEQUEATHS ESTATE
AND LITIGATION
WILL OF GEORGE W. DENT FILED
FOE. PROBATE.
Interests in Vast Tracts Given to
Heirs, but the Land Is Not
Theirs.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 28.
The olographic will of George W. Dent,
who died in Berkeley last January, was
filed this afternoon by Public Adminis
trator Hawes, who asks for letters on
the estate; the widow, Mary I. Dent, and
son-in-law, Julius C. Rois, who are named
as executors, having filed their renuncia
tion at the same time.
Although the estimated value of the
estate is given as $10,000, the will provides
for bequests of extensive lands in Cali
fornia and Missouri, in which testator
asserts valuable interests under the Old
Spanish grants ami which is involved in
litigation. The will is dated June ti, 1893,
and at the time of its execution testator
was over To years of age. He claimed re
lationship to the late General Ulysses S.
Grant. By its terms the widow is to re
ceive all money deposited in banks and
received from a life insurance policy. To
.M;i ml M. Dent, a granddaughter, is be
queathed a house and lot at Georgetown,
El Dorado County, California, while all
other lands anil mining properties at
Georgetuwn belonging to the estate are
bequeathed to two grandsons, George S.
Dent and W. S. Dent. The Marshall
Tract, located in the vicinity of Mission
Creek, San Francisco, is left to the
widow.
The will then recites that testator had
already provided for the daughter, Ellen
\V. Reis. "But I hereby bequeath to
her." continues the instrument, "my in
terest in the property in St. .Louis County,
Missouri, commonly called the fields of
Carondelet (now part of St. Louis), which
certain trustees under a Spanish grant
leased for ninety.-nine years, but which
will revert to me; also all my interest in
the swamp lands known as part of the
grant to Antonio Peralta on the flats of
the encinal opposite San Francisco, in the
county of Alameda and contiguous to the
city-- of Oakland and town of Alameda,
now claimed by the railroad companies
'b.y might and not by right.' "
Attorney I.in Church, who with Charles
Snook represents Public Administrator
Hawes, stated to-day that while Mr.
Dent at one time owned extensive In
terests In the vast properties he ostensibly
dlsposes of by will, his interests at pres
ent are practically nil.
METHODIST CONFERENCE.
Session of the M. E. Church South
Opens in Oakland.
OAKLAND, Marcn 28.— The annual
session of the San Francisco conference
of the M. E. church South opened this
evening in Asbury Church. Key. "YV. P.
Coffin of Uklah preached a missionary
sermon to-night to a large audience. The
conference is composed of the pastors
connected with the twenty-four churches
in the district, together with two lay del
egates from each church.
The first business meeting will open at
9 o'clock to-morrow morning. Rev. C. K.
Reddlck, D. D., will preside. There will
be addresses by Rev. P. F. Poage of
Healdsburg and Rev. I . F -Setts of Hoi
lister The Sunday school workers will
hold a mass meeting to-morrow even
Ing Thursday evening will be devoted
to Epworth League work. The Women s
Foreign Missionary Society will be repre
sented at the conference.
MRS. MARY MILLER'S
SANITY QUESTIONED
SON-IN-LAW PERCY ASKS FOR
AN EXAMINATION.
She Thinks Her Relatives Desire to
Poison Her and Eats a Great
Quantity of Salt.
ALAMEDA, March 2S.— Mrs. Mary Mil
ler, a lady 75 years of age, was taken to
the Oakland Receiving Hospital late this
afternoon by her son-in-law, J. A. Percy
of 1375 Regent street, who wished her to
be examined as to her sanity. The parties
are prominent and In affluent circum
stances, and these facts have created con
siderable comment as to Percy's treat
ment of his aged mother-in-law.
To the attendants at the hospital the old
lady stated that she was perfectly sano
and was "being railroaded to an asylum"
by relatives, who have been striving to
gain possession of her property. She saya
that she owns considerable rent-producing
property in the vicinity of Salinas which
has been In charge of her son-in-law,
Percy, who has collected the income hut
fulled to render an accounting to her. The
attendants at the hospital state that Mrs.
Miller appears quite sane and does not
show the least symptoms of being de
ranged. Mr. Percy was not to be seen
to-night.
Neighbors state that while Mrs. Miller
has acted queerly at times she was never
considered a lunatic. Her peculiarities
"were an unusual appetite for salt" and
"the notion that her relatives were at
tempting to poison her." She is reputed
to be quite wealthy. Percy Is a well-to-do
rancher of Salinas, who has made his
home in this city for the last two years.
His son, J. A. Percy Jr., is connected with
the firm of Pierson & Mitchell, the attor
neys, of San Francisco.
• m •
UNIVERSITY OF
CALIFORNIA NEWS
TJ. C. Championship Field Day Next
Saturday — Concert by the Wo
men Students' Glee Club.
RERKELKY, March 2S.— Next Saturday
aftornoon has been set as the time for
holding the University of California
championship field day for 1599. The
event will come off on the cinder track
of the collepre campus. Inasmuch as the
ruin has prevented any track meets being
held so far this term, the athletes have
had to dispense with the customary inter
class contests. In place of these the field
day next Saturday is to be considered
not only as one for the college champion
ships, but also as an interclass affair be
tween the sophomores and freshmen. Men
from these two classes winning places
will accordingly have the points counteJ
for their class score.
A challenge from the University of
Nevada track team to the University of
California freshmen has been accepted by
the latter. They will go to Reno on May
12. Places on the team will be decided by
the results of next Saturday's field day.
The Women Students' Glee Club gave
their first concert to-night in Stiles Hall.
A large audience greeted them and ap
plauded generously. The club was or
ganized early last term by a few of the
co-eds. They have met regularly for sev
eral months, during which time their
membership has increased. Their work
in public to-night was a signal success,
and showed the result of careful, system
atic training. They were assisted in the
performance by the mandolin, banjo and
guitar clubs.
ALAMEDA COUNTY
NEWS BREVITIES
OAKLAND, March 28.— 1n the divorce
suit of Mary H. Noble against George A.
Noble the default of defendant has been
entered.
The estate of Ellen M. Cole has been
appraised at $3000, consisting of real es
tate on West street.
E. B. Mastjck has petitioned for the
distribution of the estate of Loretta L.
Merwin, who died in Alameda.
R. G. Elmer, Harry Gordon and Frank
Thompson have been appointed to ap
praise the estate of B. C. Austin, who
died in Alameda; and Joseph Herscher,
T. P. Gary and L. C. Morehouse to ap
praise Elizabeth Llnfoot's estate.
By its attorney, A. A. Moore, the South
ern Pacific Company to-day hied answer
to the suit of Thomas Haynes for the re
covery of $20,000 damages for injuries sus
tained while a passenger on one of de
fendant's ferry steamers. The company
charges contributory negligence.
The olographic will of James H. Miller,
who died on the 16th inst., was filed for
probate to-day by the widow, Eliza A.
Miller, and Theodore Olmsted who, with
another son-in-law, C. W. Duden, are
named as executors. The entire estate,
valued at about $11,750, comprising real
estate and cattle, is bequeathed to the
widow.
The bar-mitz-vah of Robert Aronson,
son of Mrs. J. Aronson, will take -plact>
at the Geary street temple, San Fran
cisco, next Sunday, and a reception will
be held at the family residence, 268 Ninth
street, Oakland, between 2 and 6 o'clock
on the afternoon of the same day.
Judge Greene to-day granted a divorce,
to Eliza 15urkhart from Anton Burkhan
on the ground of extreme cruelty, and
the custody of the minor child was
awarded to plaintiff. The parties art»
colored and were married in Frankfurt,
Germany, in October, 1889.
Suits for divorce were commenced to
day by Elizabeth. Lange against Theodore
Lange, on the ground of cruelty; Ida May
Miller against Frank H. Miller, on ground
of desertion, and Lydla Guntern against
Peter Guntern, on statutory grounds.
Judge Ogden has refused to appoint a
receiver in the : affairs of Wiegman &
Beebe, storekeepers at Alvarado, which
contemplated taking the store away from
F. C. Harvey. Wiegman claims he sold
out to Harvey while suffering from too
much liquor, but Judge Ogden held that
Harvey purchased in good faith.
Joseph Mangini has riled suit against
the city of Oakland for $299 damages be
cause of the removal of his business
stand at Seventh and Washington streets
under the ordinance passed last October
prohibiting merchants from occupying the
sidewalks.
The Trustees of Peralta School District
outside have accepted James Davis' offer
for the sale of a schoolhouse site on Col
lege and Claremont avenues at $1600.
There is available $3200 for purchase of
site and building purposes and the erec
tion of a schoolhouse will proceed soon.
L. M. Hlnckley, a pioneer farmer and
large land owner of Washington Town
ship, died last night at his residence In
Nile's. He leaves a daughter, Miss Julia
Hlnckley.
ALAMEDA. March 28.— first dance
after Lent to be given by the Encinal
Recreation Club has been announced for
Friday evening, April 7.
The daily average circulation of books
from the Alameda Free Library for 1897-98
was 454 volumes, only four volumes less
than the Oakland library for the same
period.
Marsden Manson will address the Uni
tarian Club to-morrow evening on
"The Importance and Scope of Rainfall
Investigations on the Pacific Coast."
Other numbers on the evening's pro
gramme will be a piano solo by Sigismund
Blumann and a barytone solo, "Here
Upon My Vessel's Deck," by W. E.
Stevens.
The Sunset Telephone Company has
purchased the property at 2152 Central
avenue and will erect a brick building on
the premises, to be used as Its Alameda
office. ■•-*- ;■.-,■- %
.. Miss Berthed .Weatherwax filed this
morning at the home of her mother, Mrs.
S. M. Weatherwax, 1241 Park avenue. She
was 19 years old and was formerly em
ployed as an operator in the telephone
office. Death was caused by pulmonary
affection.
HOTEL ARRIVALS,
GFAND HOTEL.
J Dougherty & w, NevlE Bray, Victoria
J M Mason, Seattle :Mrs W H Pierce. Mass
\V F Shaw, Cal IMrs L G Davis. Mass
W P Pfert. Cal G V Oreen. Sacto
C H Ordway, Reno |M L Isham. Sacto
Mrs A T Bruegel, Mich M II Becker. Oakdala
D F Maher & w, Cal '.E Hamlin. LouißVllle
H Stillman, Sacto lA X Stark & w. Ind
R Kaehler. Merced iL J Evans. Napa
W J Barret, L Ans J C Tltcomb. L Ans
W A Ford. Sonora ,C C Tltcomb. L Ang
A B Carlock & w, Ark 11 A Tltoomb, L Ang
T R Hansell, Nelson J Ferguson, L Ang
T Kohlmaii. Ohio |W F Glbhard, Eureka
E Swlnford, Colusa C de Pechon. Llvermre
C P Tanner, Pomona vV McNeil & w. Cal
G A yon Humbach & H H Stahl, San Jose
w. New York jG W chrystal. Vacavl
C A Hadley. Chgo W B Ellis & w. Oakld
C S Tanner. NY J M Strining. S Rosa
H C Hurskamp & w, |R Jacks, Mojterey
St Louis IE Wolf, Sacto
A P Holley. L Angr IW A Crowell. Auburn
C M Foster, NY F E Llvengood. Chgo
C Foster. NY U W Vail, Chgo
F D Glbbs & w, Sacto J Brtinner, Sacto
W H Carvln. Sacto D J Proult, Willows
A Pascoe & w. Pa Mrs F Miller, Wls
Miss Pasnoe. Pa Miss E Miller. Wls
H Remmelsburg, Sac IE P Miller, Wis
Miss Smlti San Jose C J Krueg. Monticello
X Bethell, Sacto ,\V M Parks, U S N
Dr V J McGillicuddy, C D Hayward, "Woodld
South Dakota X Frud, New York
Mrs C F de Candla, J H Beeeher. Cal
Stockton A C rtosendaie. Pac G
\V S Stewart, Vancouv ( W H Hughed. Oakdale
W S Stewart, B C |Q W Davis. B Jose
J Kirkup, Rossland |J L Brennan & w, Cal
B Fleischer, Rio Vista !J W Llnscott, Watsonv
G J Bloom, Petaluma iJ Murphy, L Ang
PALACE HOTEL,.
L Kempff, U S N I Miss Townsend. Bostn
J L Ramsdell. Cal E T Reed, Albany
W H Cook, D S N C R McW'tlllams. N' T
0 Vincent, Grass Val Mrs C R Me Williams,
J J Dooley, NY NY
Z G Simmons, Wis IF S McKenzie & w,NY
Mrs Z G Simmons, Wls II C Dennlson & w,
G G Simmons. Wis I N V
M H Howell Jr. TennlAlice G Dewey. N V
R R Daugherty, Ohio Miss G E Strong. N V
J S Bricoe, Stanford jW S Dewey, N V
T T ■Williams. Marln C E Barney, N V
Mrs S H Dalley, Utah T S Olive & w. N V
1 M .1 Boyne. L Auk Miss Olive, N V
G E Goodman, Napa M Olive, N V
Mrs <; E Goodman, Cal F Rayner & w, Engld
S ES Lawrence, Boston H W Labb & w. N V
Mrs C Lawrence, Host E A Davis, X V
D W Lawrence, Boston C S Parker, Liverpool
H A Bate & w, Canada A Shane & w. Pa
I' <\i.vanaugh. Chicago. F C Hayek & w. N V
Miss Cavanaugh, Chic Miss Hayek. N V
G Fountain & w. Chic II Baldwin, N V
Miss H E Fountain, C M Robinson. N V
Chicago I A C Gurnea, Maine
C k Conant, N J IF R Mayer, Italy
Mrs G F Conant, N J E W Roper A- w. N T
.7 S Calkins. L Ang J A Chase, San Jose
A L Dickinson & w, E P Ferguson. S Jose
Conn O D Black. Salinas
J 3 Kaul. Pa H G Bixby, N H
.T M Leonard. Nev !F A Barnaby & w, NY
S N Ruckrr, San Jose R M Mills. Cal
Mr« G de AR-uera. NYC F Eddy & w, Mich
Miss de ARuera, Bostn: Mrs J R Reed. Boston
A W Hart & w, Bostn l
NSW WESTERN HOTEL,
p Carleen. Salinas .T P "Williams. N T
F. N»l«on. Pan Jo?* E Swanson, Chgo
Tapt J J Shea, Fresno A Gillarrt. Pawson
"W Anderson. Castrovl Mrs Ross. Seattle
H C Jackson, Sulsun jA Roberts. La Grange
c Bunnell. Courtland ; Mr Howell. Fresno
r L Freeman. Marysvl J D Powers Riverside
,T Andrews. Stockton Mrs C Meyers. Stktn
H L Math^ws. Sacto J X Sutton. Los Gatoa
P L Morgan. L Ann
LATte SHIITINO INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, March 28.
Stmr Fcotla, Lundquist, 20 hours from Rock
port.
Schr Neptune, Estvold. 40 hours from T'sal.
Sehr Fortuna, Rnsich. 4<? hours from Eureka.
SAILED.
Tuesday, March 28.
Stmr rieono. Hlgsrlns. Crescent City.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
HAMBURG— March 28-rStmr Phoeni
cia, for New York.
NAI'LES — Arrived March Stmr Saale,
from Now York.
NEW YORK— March 2S— Stmr Fried
erlch, from Bremen; Btmr Nomadic, from
Liverpool.
ANTWERP— Arrived March 28— Stmr "West
ernland, from New York.
PLYMOUTH— March Stmr Bul
garia, from New York.
MEETING NOTICES.
MOUNT Moriah Lodge No. 44, F. and a
A. M.— Meeting THIS. (WEDNESDAY) _JV_.
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. First de- I^JC
gree. A^r >
THEO. FROELICH. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. M.— •
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) _A_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- It 2T
gree. C. D. BUNKER, Sec. A^T>
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166. F. and A. m
M.— Special meeting THIS (WEDNES- _*%_
DAY) EVENING, March 2?, at 7 "'"' «L3f
o'clock. Third degree. /^r '
THEO. E. SMITH, Secretary
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— ■
Officers and members are hereby no-^MK-
iItU-d to attend the funeral of our de- TCJC
ceased brother, DONALD McKIN-/V^
NON, from the hall of this lodge. TO-DAY
(WEDNESDAY), at 12:30 p. m. By order of
the W. M. C. P. BUNKER. Sec.
MEET to-day at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant
aye., to borrow money on any old thing.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
PILES— PETER FREILING'S pile salve, *1 per
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding,
itching, external. Internal or protruding
piles without fail, no matter of how long
standing. 1628 Devlsadero St.. near Sutter.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5524
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d St.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend. No. 91 of the
Oceanic Steamship Company (fifty cent* per
chare) will be payable at the office of the
company. 327 Market street, on and after
Saturday. April 1. 1899. Transfer books will
close on Saturday. March 25. 1899. at 13
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED FKMALE.
COMPETENT Swedish cook desires situation; ■
best references; city or country. MISS CUL.-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook and laundress
desires situation: 2 years last place; city or
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
SWEDISH second girl, best of references, de-
sires a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316
Sutter st.
RELIABLE cooks, second girls and infants'
nurses awaiting situations. MRS. .KRAUSS,
31.". Stockton St.; tel. Clay 624.
SWEDISH house girl; good cook; strong and
willing; best references. MRS. NORTON, 313
Putter st.
GERMAN middle-aged woman, first-class car-
ver, makes all delicacies, all kinds of
salads, dressings; also meat-Jelly dishes;
best references; can take full charge of a
store. Box 1171. Cull. ■
WANTED— By American woman, second work
and waiting'; care of children. Care 1037 1
Market St., The Epwofth; all callers received
In parlor.
REFINED, domestic woman would keep house
or go as companion to elderly person; pleas-
ant home; small wages. 997 Market, rm. 108.
MIDDLE-AGED woman with a child wishes
position as working housekeeper or cook;
ranch preferred. Add. 115 4 Second St., rm. 4.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, good cook, thoroughly
competent, wishes position; short distance In
country preferred. 16 Willow aye., off Larkln.
RESPECTABLE lady, good cook, kind to chil-
dren, wishes position as working housekeeper.
Call at Golden West Hotel, Ellis St., room 125.
GERMAN woman with a child wishes a sit-
uation as working housekeeper; city or coun-
try; wages $10 or $12. Box 1172, Call.
NEAT woman would like light housework and
sewing part of each day or few days week.
Address box 1150, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish seamstress and wait-
ress wishes position; wages $25. Call 150 Cook
st., off Geary, after 2 p. m.
SWEDISH girl wants a position to do fancy
ironing in dyeing and cleaning works. Call
. 150 Cook st., off Geary. '''-■■ -m
COMPETENT girl for general housework In
small family; wages $25. Please call at 142
Eighth St., for 2 days. -
COMPETENT cook with the best of reference:
is a good butter-maker; no washing. Box
1170, Call office.
SWEDISH woman wants work by the day at
washing or housecleanlng. Address 438 Fran-
cisco st.
GIRL would like situation at second work.
Please call 179 Preclta aye. for 2 days.
FRENCH girl desires situation to do second
work or waitress. Box 1199, Call.
KEARNY, 30— Lady wishes position as work-
ing housekeeper. Room 8. '*.!..
LADY will sew and mend part of day for good
home. Box 1163. Call.
COMPETENT Swedish girl wants position to
do general housework. 66 Prosper st.
GERMAN girl wants place for general- house-
work and. cooking; $20. 127 Turk st.
SITUATIONS "WANTED—
COMPETENT girl wishes upstairs work and
waiting. Address M., box 1174. Call office.
WOMAN wishes work by the day. 138 Lexing-
ton aye., near Eighteenth si.
BORROW money on diamonds, silver, sealskins.
Bilks. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
LADY, middle age, desires position; good plain
cook; can give mother's care to children; city
or across the bay. 230'^ Fulton st.
SITUATION wanted by competent woman with
a child; good plain cook; country preferred;
no triflere. Call 515 Seventh st.
EXPERIENCED young lady desires position in
office; competent stenographer, typewriter or
assistant bookkeeper. Address Box 1196, Call
. office. ■•.--.■/."'• '
YOUNG girl wishes position where she can go
to school In afternoon. Address 1611 Vallejo.
SWEDISH girl wishes position to do general
housework or second work. Address 12 Ritch
St., off Folsom, between Third and Fourth.
WANTED— Situation by a young woman; any
kind of work by the day; $1 25 per day. Ad-
dress 200 Drumm st.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to. and from ferry; elevator.
GERMAN girl wants position at general house-
work; wages $20. Address 2 Tay St., oft
Clay. bet. Powell and Mason.
HOME for strong healthy girl, aged 11, In
respectable family; would do household work
In part return for board after school hours.
Box 1229. Call offlca.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
JAPANESE emplymt office; help; farm hands,
domestics. ITO, 723 Geary st. ; tel. Polk 12.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office:
best help. 414V4 O'Farrell at.; tel. East 421.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary St.: tel. Grant 5«.
MAN and wife with a 3-year-old boy wish
situations on a ranch; wife is a good cook,
and the man understands all about dairy or
farm business. Inquire or write B. F., 2425
I St.. Sacramento.
BY young man capable of taking care of ;
horses, cow, garden; good driver; repairing
harness; handy with all kinds of tools; good
references. Box 1173, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS French gardener, experienced
In vineyards and orchards, with good refer-
ences, wishes a position. Address A. 8., 1125
Stockton st.
AN experienced bookkeeper will pay half first
months' salary to anyone securing him posi-
tion. Box 1168, Call.
SITUATION as bookkeeper, collector or sales-
' man; best of reference. Address box 743,
Call office, Oakland.
WANTED— By a young couple, situations; city,
or country; handy all-around people. Ad-
dress 21)8 Drumm st.
YOUNG man wants employment of some kind
in city .or out; reference. Box 1200, Call office.
BEDMAKER or night clerk wants position In
lodging-house. Address box 1250, Call office. .
JAPANESE wants good laundry and house-
work in city; family. MI, 519 1 O'Farrell st.
WANTED — Position as gardener; private fam-
ily preferred; single; middle-aged; thorough-
ly callable; first-class references. Address
Box 196, San Rafael, Cal.
MONEY to loan you on watches, guns, musical
Instruments. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
SITUATION as coachman by an Englishman
who thoroughly understands his business; ten
years' references. Box 1195 Call office.
YOUNG German gardener wishes position In
private family; city or country. Address 2102
Larkin st.
STEADY man wants situation to do general
work on country place: fully understands
care of horses. lawn, garden, etc.; references.
B. G.. box 1247. Call.
STEADY, reliable young man would like posi-
tion as clerk or porter in wholesale house.
Address S., 387 Hayes st.
ACCOUNTANT of long and wide experience
wishes position as bookkeeper or office man.
Box 1214. Call.
EXPERIENCED grocer wants position: city |
or country; references; German, English. E.
W., 1094 Treat avp.
WANTED— Situation by experienced barkeep-
er; city or country; references; German and
English. 3050 Twenty-fourth st.
GERMAN couple wish positions on ranch or
dairy; man experienced rancher and dairy-
man; wife good cook and housekeeper; ref-
erences. 101 Prospect place. ■
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
cT~R~HA NSEN~&~Co"r. . rrrrrrrniinT^ranTTss
hotel housekeeper, city, $25; head waitress,
$25; 2 waitresses and chambermaid to wait,
country hotel, $20; free fare one way; 2
waitresses, springs, $20; waitresses for Colusa. I
Napa, $20: 2 waitresses, city. $20; 3 chamber- j
maids to wait. $20: 2 cooks, 325; cook and i
helper, small restaurant, $20 and $15. C. R. '
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
3 HOTEL waitresses for Santa Cruz; $20. Ap-
ply C. R. HANSON & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— A nursegirl: care of baby; $8. Ap-
ply C. R. HANSON & CO., 104 Geary St.
COOK, $30; 2 second girls, $20 and $25; house-
work girl. Belvedere, $25, see lady here; Ala-
meda $25, Oakland $25, Redwood City .$23, and
other towns; 12 housework girls, city and
country, ?20 and $25. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK, ranch, $15; Concord; fare paid.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
8 HOTEL and restaurant waitresses. $20 and
$25 per month; 6 waitresses, $15 per month.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
2 HOUSEWORK girls, Alameda, $25 and $20.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.-
REFINED nurse. son Rafael, $15. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
SWEDISH cook, $30. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
NEAT young girl, assist light work, $12. . MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. •
NURSE, 1 child, $25, references; 2 waitresses, !
$25 each, private families. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter St.
NEAT young girl. $15; second girl, $25. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS. Crockett, $20; Santa Cruz $20;
French maid and seamstress, $25; nurse, 1
child. $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
FRENCH lady's maid to travel. $25; North
German nurse, $25; English, Scotch or North
of Ireland nurse, $25; 2 waitresses and par-
lormaids, $25; 2 Protestant second girls for
country $20; 3 German and Scandinavian
cooks, $23 and $30. and girls for cooking and
housework. J. F. .CROSETT & CO., 316
Sutter st.
GIRL for cooking and housework, small Amer-
ican family across the bay, $25; see lady here
at 11 to-day. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
SuttPr st. •/-■■■
WAITRESS, country hotel, a short distance,
$2C; chambermaid, wait 1 meal $20; 7 wait-
resses, hotels and restaurants, $20, and $5 and
$6 week, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
316 Sutter st.
COOK, $30; boarding-house cook, $30; 2 cooks
at $25 each; housoglrl, Sausallto, $20, see
party here; cook. Sausalito, $25; Mill Valley
$25 Alamada $25; Ranch cook. $25; 25 house-
glr'ls. $20 and $25. and a number of young
girl? to assist, $10 to $15. MRS. NORTON.
313 Sutter st.
WOMAN 30 to 35 years of age as .nursery gov-
erness and take full charge of children, for 1
the country: one who can teach music. $25,
references required. MURRAY & READY,
634 .6 Clay st. ?
FOUR cooks small families, $25; 2 second
girls, $15 and $20; waitress. $25; $10 girls for
housework, small American families. MRS.
HIRD. 631 Larkin st. j
3 YOUNG cooks, $25, $30; 6 upstairs girls, $15. i
$20; 10 housework girls, $10, $15. MRS.
KRAUSS. 315 Stockton st.
WANTED — strong young reliable woman
able to cook, wash, handy around nome; a I
good home with use of piano (Alameda);
salary $10 a month; care for boy 3 years and !
adult. Box 1167. Call office. I
LADIES to make sample patches at home; $3
to $10 weekly; no .canvassing; reply envelop?
for sample and particulars. FOSTER MA
CHINE CO., 525 West 29th St.. New York.
WANTED— A young lady who thoroughly un-
derstands office work. Call between 10 am' l
, 11 a. m., S. N. WOOD & CO., 718 Market st; !
WANTED— First-class pants finisher at S. N. I
WOOD & CO., cor. Powell and Eddy sts.
GOOD finisher and buttonhole maker for boys'
tailoring. .208 Rose aye., bet. Halght and
Page sts.
FIRST-CLASS pants finisher wanted. Apply
early at 465 Tenth st., bet. Broadway and
Washington sts., Oakland.
GIRL tor general housework. Apply at 3448
Twentieth St., northeast corner or Capp. after
9 a. m. -
FIRST-CLASS alteration hands at cloak store
A. CAILLEAU. 114-116 Kearny st.
GIRL for light housework and plain cooking-
sl2; three In family. Apply 1627 McAllister st! I
GIRL to do light housework. Inquire at 17 New
Montgomery st.. Grand Hotel building.
GERMAN girl for general housework. 394
I In yes st.
FRENCH maid: must be first-class seamstress:
$25. 315 Stockton st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist in light house-
work; Bleep home. 216 Hyde st.
WANTED— A flrst-classs finisher on custom
coats. 411 Kearny at, top floor.
- . - . .
HELP W.xNTß~J— Con'tlnned.
NEAT young girl for general housework; plain
cooking. 2215 Bush st. '
WANTED— First-class dressmaker to establish
• new parlors. Call after 2 p. m. at 700 14th st.
FIRST-CLASS talloress for ladles' tailoring.
COHN. 332 Sutter st. ; '-
APPRENTICE girl to learn sklrtmaklng; pay.
1709 Market st., opposite Halght. v
GOOD seamstress wanted at. 1827 Eddy St. i "
WANTED— Trimmers at HINZ & LANDT'S,
643 Market St.; call at once. ■ ;'
YOUNG girl to assist In housework and care
for child. 905 Guerrero at. . - *
i WANTED — Apprentice and improver fox dress-
making. 1323 Webster st. ..
WANTED— Young girl to assist wfth children;
wages $10. 1649 Mission st. .
APPRENTICE girl on etistom-made coats';
some experience. 214 Seventh st.
BORROW money on your valuables; private en-
trance. ladles. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
WANTED— Young German girl for light house-
work. 1036 Clay st., corner Mason.
GIRL for general housework; wages $15. 1651
Twelfth aye. South.
FIRST-CLASS advertising agent; lady or gen-
tleman. Room 4, 408 California st.
WANTED— Thoroughly competent kid glove
saleswoman for Sacramento. Apply 623 Mar-
ket St., room 7, from, 2 to 3p. m.
ONLY experienced hands on silk waists; pow-
er. S. F. MFG. CO., 409 A Turk St.
WANTED— A first-class finisher on custom
pants. 410 Kearny St., room 20; second floor.
GOOD girl for cooking and light housework;
reference required. 715 McAllister st.
YOUNG girl for upstairs work. 1207 .Gcjgh
street.
YOUNG girl for downstairs work and cook. rig;
good wages. 1207 Gough et.
GIRL to assist with housework; sleep, home.
812 Taylor st.
GIRL to learn hairdressing and manicuring.
240 Stockton St., near Post. •
HELP WANTED M ,LE.
i C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
large strong man as dishwasher for country
hotel, $30 and found and free fare, call early.
German waiter, country hotel, $25; laumlry-
man, hand laundry, $1 a day and found. .-
First-class barkeeper, country ' hotel, $40.-
Coachman, $25; cabinet maker, country
hotel, fare advanced.
Sawyer, $2 £0 a day and board; blacksmith
for a sawmill, $40 and found.
3 rough carpenters, for ranch work, $30
and found. . ,' • " .'-•••
Milker,- $25; 2 milkers, same place. «2Q; 3
farmers, $20 and $15; 2 choremen, $15 and $10;
and others.
10 concrete mixers, coast -road;, free fare.
10 laborers; 5 two-horse teamsters, new rail-
road work; ship to-day. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st. ■. -
HEAD cook for first-class country hotel: see
• proprietor at our office this forenoon. . C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 6848
WANT TO-DAY ."
25 woodchoppers, tools advanced, $1 and 70c
cord.
15 tiemakers Be, 9c, 10c and lie each
5 milkers , $25 and found
teamsters, city work, $1 75 day; gardener. $25
and found; furnace man, $40; farm hands,
.. C ."..WE WANT FOR HOTELS, ETC......
ironer, $30 and found; cooks, $30, $35 and 140;
waiter, bartender, etc.; waiters, country
hotel. MURRAY & READY.. 634-636 Pay st.
WANTED — Coachman short distance in coun-
try, good steady place, $30 and found, refer-
ences required; superintendent for orchard
and vineyard, must be single man with ref-
erences, $30 per month and found and in-
crease-; farmers, milkers and others. W. D.
EWER & CO., 626 Clay st. :
— American man about place, $25;
blacksmith and " woodworker, $35 and hoard;
drift gravel miners, $40 and board: black-
smith helper. $1 a day and board: cooks,
waiters and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
6 CO., 628 Sacramento st.
BUTLER. $40 per month. MISS CULLEN, 325
Slitter st. '"
FIRST-CLASS salesman on commission for
well-advertised specialty; references. Box
1175, Call office. . ' • .
RELIABLE honest man for- office work; no ex-
perience necessary: must be satisfied with $75
per month and have $200 cash. WARD &
CO., 1027% Market St., above Sixth.
STEADY man with $lf>o cash cart make $75
month. Apply 1027% Market St.. 'room 2.
WANTED — First-class ironer, man or woman,
at 1318 Turk St. !____
DISHWASHER wanted at 407 Mason St., in
rear; call at 8 o'clock. . - -
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker on custom coats.
Call early at 657 Minna st., near Eighth. ' .
WANTED— A wood carver. F. T. RILEY, .61«
Hampshire st. • ,
FIRST-CLASS tailor on custom coats': steady
work; good wages. 528 Jessie St., above Sixth.
SOLDIERS' additional scrip and" forest re-
serve scrip. Address J. E., 923% ShptweU st.
BOY to wash dishes and .make himself , useful /
in restaurant. 27 Ninth St. . . ■
GENERAL tailor for country. P. H. GALLA-
GHER & CO.. 3 Flood building. .. ....
SALESMAN wanted at " HARSH ALL'S. .12
Kearny st. :
BOY wanted. Union Square Market, stalls '.
1 and 3. ■ ' '
SHOEMAKER wanted on repair; steady work.
34S McAllister st. . -
BARBER for Wednesday, Saturday and Sun-'-
-day. 222 Gough st. • , „ :
SEAMEN, and young men for Honolulu and •
the north. 10 Steuart St., upstairs.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st.,.near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
5 MORE genteel men wanted: $2 to. $4 day;
lower floor. 631 Golden Gate aye. _^ '■
FOR sale— 3-chair short-hour barber shop: at
a sacrifice on acount of sickness of owner.
Call bet. 1 and 4 p. m. at 423 Washington st." ■
BARBER shop for sale at a sacrifice; 2 chairs;
15c and 25c. Inquire at 2045 Mission st. ..
AT Boulder Creek — 100 tie makers ; good tim-
ber; lone Job; 7xBxB foot ties, 12 cents each.
MIDDLETON & BLUM. Boulder Creek. Cal.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches,. Jewelry,
pianos, silver. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ay. .
MEN to go north: long Job; no experience, re- .
quired: no charges; everything found. At
HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st. ° . '• '
RECRUITS wanted for the United; States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied. "
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 35
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such; must be of good
character and habits and able to speak, read
and write English, and be between. 5 -feet 5
inches and 6 feet In height. For further in-
formation apply at the Recruiting' office, 40
Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal. * ,
BARBER'S Progressive Union; free employ-
in' H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th: tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED — to learn the barber trade:
summer rates or percentage terms. 1542 Mkt.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to s know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week..
SAILORS, green hands,- blacksmiths and car-
penters for steam whalers; seamen wanted at '
LANE'S, 504 Davis st., near Jackson. .••
HOBSON House. 417 Kearny— Rooms from 25c
to 50c; $1 to $3 per week.
20 MEN to go on whaling- cruise; no experi-
ence required. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart at.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
Barber College, 138^ Eighth st.
SINGLE sunny furnished room. $2 50 a month. j
Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
solelng, 35c; only- one price. 923 Howard st.
SINGLE rooms, 15c. 20c. 25c per night: 75c,* $1
to $2 50 wk. Elcho .House, S63^ ' Market st.
WANTED — To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
SlNGLE' furnished fine large sifnny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st., below Sixth,
for ii room: 25c a night: $1 a week. •__ •
AGENTS- WANTED. . '
SOLICITORS for "Life of Dewey" wanted in
all parts of this coast,- send $1 for outfit. Mi
D. GAGE, 21 East Santa Clara, at., San Jose.
BE wise and get in while the 'proposition la
new and make good money. 183 Seventh st.
CITY and country, to sell Leather Lustre; beat
25c article on earth. BROWN. 332 Bush st.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER wanted with $15,000 to $30,000 to In-
i vest In business in Los Angeles: established
12 years and now doing a business of $50,000
per year; Increasing business demands larger '
capital; exceptional opportunity for right
party: references given and required. Address.
box 1246. Call office.
LADY with store wants partner with small
capital: good. paying business. 1719 ' Mission.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS. \ ' ..
WANTED— IO tons old rubber, all Kinds. A4-
dress S. F. Iron Yard, 204 Mission st. »_....-\ :? : -.. BUSINESS CHANCES.
N"EAt : -".«Mfrier grocery and- bar. well stocked;
■fine ••f:-xt-v.ros; living rooms; rent $25; price
, -\vh.kh: & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
GiJNERiit/rinerchandlse store connected with
.Ijrisrvfflc'e In lively country town; no oppo-
Sll'iQh"- 1 ; ng building. 2 lots 23x150;
'JSfOOflj- ?t*w : K- of merchandise about $3000;
riffL-t- cSy.iv.cc. For particulars call WILKE
' £■ .■fi'NE.W'i. 506 Market st.
A-Mil-P>-- J i-VHNER grocery and bar; 1 block from
•"■-•' Chy.-Ji-r'n. : b years' lease; a good paying busi-
ht.'sV- eS'tablisbed for years; new stock; best
tfal« -ot-' "Custom: owner to make a trip to
ii^rr-ajtv." WU-KE & UNFUG. 906 Market.
X. J iy, (V. SALOON doing a splendid business;
h'At-'- *down-tow:i location; California and
>lo>Apvmcry > : . rent $45. Call WILKE
■ rket st.
\ *j>c,CTR-:iNSirEK corner saloon; IS furnishe-1
room's'; &i\ pianos; cash register, safe, etc ;
clearing about $175 per month; large stock
tst liquors: slekneM cause of a great bargaiii.
WJLKE & UNFUG. 909 Market st. ;
$i?S— CIGAR' stand, Stockton and Market sti
WII.KE & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
$ICO-ri?ftANCII bakery with 4 living rooms;
rent $20: on McAllister st. ; daily receipt:*.
' $10. WILKE _ UNFUG, 906 Market st. I
$1000— LOON with 9 furnished rooms; estab-
lished many years; always been money-mak-
ing place: best location; close to California on
Kearny St.; rent low. Particulars WILKE
\ & IN FUG. 906 Market st.
$s:SO— ATTENTION grocers; the best paying
corner grocery and bar in this city: estab-
lished for many years and doing nrst-cla._s
paying cash store and bar trade; choicest
location; close to Baldwin Hotel; owrsr
must leave for Europe on account of fam'ly
affairs:, a great sacrifice. Address box 4 '0,
Call office.
LOON: bargain. For particulars i«ee
COWING & CO.. SSS Market st.
GROCERY and bar; by inventory; paying
■business. COWING & CO.. 993 Market st. ,
$i. 7 >o— PARTNER wanted; will pay over $75 per
month to e_c_ yearly. COWING _ CO., '.'95
Market st. . -
5500 — PARTNER in manufacturing business;
large stock; exclusive trade: $75 to $100 a
\ month clear each; no experience required;
I plenty of work. Western Inv. Co., 9 Geai y.
$200— PARTNER, light business; $1S a week; no
experience required; trial given; see it. We"-t-
-trn Investment Co.. 9 Geary st. •
A— SSJ-Q; DELICACY, pork store and branch
bakery; $25 daily. KREDO & CO.. MVi Gea'-y.
A--si.-";' BRANCH bakery and delicacy; receipts
/•■"iS.-daiVyj .3 living rooms. Kredo. 22Vi Gea^y.
•££O— CORNER cigar stand; a rare chance; bar-
i {gain: ■ KREDO _:■ CO.. 22 fe. Geary st. f_
\VE..buy ■ aad sell business opportunities : of
•' all- klnilVs; our Ist Is the largest In the c'ty.
yatlpnal Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$ JC-V-B AX HER shop, 6 chairs; clears $100; sell-
ing account sickness. NATIONAL AGENCY,
3 Gra_nt _ye.
$4fO: saloon; Fourth st ,:sl2s; restaurant.
:s3sp-;V grocery and bar. | $225; corner cigar-store.
$200 — Dining parlor; free rent; clears $75 mo.
100' --houses, prices from $90 to $5500.
\ WARD & CO.. 1027».» Market, above Sixth.
BARBE-R shop in country, connected with
cigar stand; good lease; cheap rent. Apply
• td;STOLTZ, 630 Market St.
FOR sale— Best centrally located barber shop
In . San. Jose; proprietor being otherwise en-
gae^d will sell at a great sacrifice. Address
A. F. NGFTZ, on Fountain st., San Jose, Val.
A— TO buy or sell your business quick for
;.-;<-a=:h aptly to MOON & CO., lOuS^i Market st.
. YOUR money back from the first shipment of
ore jyr.i . -third of mine given for this ad-
• yarice; principals only. ROBINSON, -. i
■
.FOR SALE — Good-paying business; fitted out
compiler only $60: chance you will never get
. ■' '-" '
WANTED— Loan of $75; a piano as security,
wftere girl of 13 years can be boarded. Box
GROCERY and bar; good • and: doing an all
cash business: price $1000. Box 1201. Call.
SMALL barber shop for sale cheap. Key at
•'saloon, Howard and Steuart sts.
ROUTE on this paper for sale. Apply 1737
Hyde -st. - ;
f ELL or exchange — A 2 or 4 horse truck for a
wa*on or buggy. 2140 Filbert st.
R\KE bargain: corner grocery; 4 living rooms;
I;. furnished; SmjO. 133% would sell furniture
RESTAURANT cheap; would sell furniture
■ ar.d utensils; everything first class. Apply
"WANTED— An up to late business man with
net less than $10,000 capital in well established
saloon and lodging house proposition; man of
good busimss ability and recommendations
desired only. Address E. J. C. box 1191, Call.
1100.000- TO loaa on diamonds, watches, jewels.
silver, pianos guns, sealskins, silks, paint-
ings, at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye. __
eTIOON g r '. paying; in business quarter.
Apply book sure, Clay and Montgomery sts.
= J RESTAURANT for sale cheap: near Union
Iron Works. I'.jr, Kentucky ft. _•
SALOON. Inquire Anchor Brewery, after 3 p.
m., or at '636 Third st.
GRAND chance f*r man and wife; fine busi- I
ness; $400; worth $2000; also great snap, dell-
cacv store: $250; worth $800; see party at resi-
dence. 133% Fair Oaks St.. nr. 23d; no triflers.
PARTY wanted to take interest in water
coweT 100 horseptwer current wheel; will be
operated on tidewater on Kentucky St., near
.' Army, A. KRUBE. 314 Fifth aye.
BARGAIN— Shoe store; nice stock and fixtures.
Box 446. Uklah. Cal.
WELL stocked sabon; good location; cheap.
Apply this office.
COHN_R grocery; »ent $35; a bargain. Inquire
of E. H. GEORGE. 533 California st.
FOR sale on account of sickness, florist and
nursery stock greenhouse and heating ap-
paratus, doing' business of $15 to $25 a day. or
will exchange for real estate across the bay.
£-!•.; Apply 500 Haight »t.
BAKERY In countrr town; good store trade: 4
horses and 2 wagons; $1200. Apply Call office.
JOHN REDLEY— Leaving for Europe, desires
to sell his tailoring business, including stock
and good will. 310 Third st.
' : COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
"- '•• W. CASWELL & GO'S, 415 Sacramento St.
'" ■ CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
... - Call. IS pages, sent to any address in the
'•;•?.• United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage para.
:v LODGING HOCSES FOR SALE.
H. C. DECKER. W2C Market st.
il-room house in Ar.gels Camp at a bargain.
3 5- room house; central; JlOO cash $ 300
- •' 30 rooms; rent. $90: on Mission st 1300
64-room house; clears $300 2000
17 rooms on Sixth Bt 450
e-room flat; cheap rent 176
28-room i bouse; clean $150 5.->0
• ■ ■ 24-room house; new furniture 1400
16-room house; fine corner ... lnno
li-room house; new and good SOO
-. . 16-room; fine corner: must sell 900
11-room house: clears $76 Ron
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE call
on H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. sth.
18-ROOM house; worth $800; If taken to-day $350
will buy It. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
10 ROOMS and bath; new furniture: $300 cash,
' balance payments. DECKER, 1020 Market. _
A-KREDOITCO 22>4 GEARY
MONEY ADVANCED ON ALL HOUSES.
100 rooms; clears $300(1 yearly; trial given. $4000
60 rooms; hotel; fine dining room '2500
85 rooms; all new; best transient 1000
24 rooms; Geary st., near plaza; a f=nap 800
• 23 rooms; south of Market; clears $75... 600
12 rooms; best on Post; great bargain.. 650
9 rooms; elegant home; carpets new.... 600
6 roomB: 3 rooms pay rent; new 150
Call and see list. KREDO.
A— slsoo; 40 ROOMS: be*t block Mkt St.; offices;
large transient. Kredo & Co.. 22'/_ Geary- st.
BARGAINS'. -BARGAINS!
AUCTION . PRICES !
18 rooms; rooms all full; only $300
2$ rooms; fine location; cheap rent 500
- ' 39 rooms; clears $76 -per month 850
81 rooms; three corners; give away 850
Winston - C?O.. 1026 Market st.
75 ROOMS; sunny corner; cheap rent.. $800
28 rooms; rent $80; bargain 650
12 rooms; good furniture..... spO
Lots of bargains; money loaned. EITEL,
1016 Market st.
• •■■•"' LODGING-HOUSE ; bargain if sold this day.
COWING & CO.. 995 >larltPt Bt.
LODGING house, bargain, to make Immediate
sale. COWING A CO.. 995 Market Bt.
IJiJs^lp f,<~ ROOMS central location; complete and in
>V° good order and on paying basis; $1000 cash
;: . • and $1500 in approved real estate or on time.
•,;■• c D. DAVIS & CO.. 646 Market ct.
??.';'' LODGING-HOUSE for sale; full of good pay-
!''-. mc roomers; elegantly furnished: will sell
:: \ reasoDabTy ELSTON _ THOMPSON. 239
.•V . Post St., room 1.
•V-'- ROOM lodging-housp; good location; owner
." •• has run it for 10 years; compelled to sell ac-
•: ••• count of other business; a bargain; cheap
."/.,, rent. Call 317 Third st. ■
E LODGING-HOUSE for sale; 9 rooms; newly
;•• . ' furnished; low rent; owner obliged to bo
.: .«• north. 17 Powell ft., up-stalrs.
, : ., " $175-LODGING-HOUSE, 9 rooms; well fur-
;•' .. . nlshed; ful); bargain; no agents. 1055 Market.
•"• " °"' FOR sale— 9-room house"; newly furnished : low
rent; owner obliged to go north. 17 Powell
'. Ft., upstairs^
. !•' HOUSE of 82 rooms; suitable for lodging house.
o Inquire 1153 Howard St.. near Eighth.
" TO buy ■ lodging-house, borrow the money ,of
* ' UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye. • ,
PERSONALS. If,
A FINE suit or overcoat to order. $10 75; we
have contracts with mills to take all their
remnant;-: samples sent all over the country.
L. LEMOS. 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N.Y. TAILORING CO . 115 Kearny.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Thi»i St.. near Market; 700 rooms;
2:.c to $1 50 per night; $150 to $<: per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AM no lawyer, but can materially assist you
free of cost if you want divorce; strictly con-
. fidential. Box 1193, Call.
YOU can MAKE your hair grow by using Led-
erer's Quir.onia, Csc bottle. Lederer's Foamo
Shampoo Is 5c pkg. G. Lederer, 12.'! Stockton.
THEATRICAL managers will find it to their
Interest to invest in my wigs, closing out
1000 at 25c on the dollar; hairdresslng 25c.
G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st.. Law a Specialty.
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for. Circular. Patents Solicited.
WRINKLES removed a specialty at the new
and handsome quarters. Harmonic Life In-
stitute. 70S Sutter st, near Taylor; consulta-
tion free; receptions every Monday and
Thursday from 2 to 3 p. m.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed: no electricity
or strong medicines; treatment simple and ;
effective. 1128 Sutter St. MRS. CLAYTON.
OPERA bangs and switches. 50c up: this week I
only; artistic opera dressing. La Verite Hair-
dressing Parlors. 30 Geary; phone red 3733.
CITY OF PARIS laundry removed from 119 |
Stockton st. to 331 Geary. MME. JAUSSAUD. ■
THE genuine misfit, 272 Fifth B_; $30 and $40 j
suits at your own price; perfect fit guarant'd.
PRIVATE residence for ladies in delicate
health. MRS DR. FUNKE, 1415 Sth. Alameda.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no In-
jection ;guarntd. Dr. sl4 Pine, ab. Kearny |
DR. F. YON BUELOW has removed from 822
Valencia to 1208 Market St., rooms 9 and 10.
BATHS, 12M.c:' 30 porcelain tubs; separate en-
trance for ladies; lady attendant. 34 Fourth.
FOLDING beds $8 60; bedrm sets $8; bed loung-
es $4 50; open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 6th.
A— Ladles' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
BERWIN & GASSNER. furriers, formerly on
Post St., removed to - store 110 Kearny st.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER, 20 Sansome st.
DR— SS3I--I__ RS.
SILK or cloth dresses made. $." up; dresses made
over: perfect fit.. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN
™ SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant: treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings. $1. 232 Stockton st. '
MRS. SOPHIA SKIP, spirit seer. 1724 Market
St.. near Polk; counsel, 60o; by letter. 50c;
meetings every night, 10c.
MRS. MENA FRANCES, independent slate
writing medium. lIS Haight st.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all: Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m. ;
Men., 8; 25c; sittings, $1. 233 Valencia St.
MRS. B. BA I'M ANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ARRIVAIT^XTRAORDINARY.
GOOD NEWS FOR ALL.
MME. E. CURLEY
Has permanently located at 337 Geary St..
J bet. Powell and Mason. Her success as a
medium has startled the entire world Her
power is acknowledged by press and public to
be of the highest order. She ad.; you to a
certainty by a higher than human power- I
Her parlors are thronged by anxious people
looking for important information, and every
reply is most gratifying: all are pleased.
Without a question she tells each caller their
name and for what they came. She gives
advice on business*, speculation, lawsuits, old
estates, love, courtship and marriage— every-
thing. The unfortunate and troubled should
seek her counsel and start aright. Positively
no attention paid to letter unless $1 accom-
panies. 9 a. m to 9:30 p. m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond Eight: diagnoses disease; full life read-
Ing; ladies, 50c; gents. $1; sit., $1 50. 12« Turk.
GYPSY life reader gives true readings; ladles,
25c; g»nts. 50c. 10C3 Mission St., near Seventh.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller, by
cards, palmist and planets. 2S Sixth st.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist. |
216 Kearny St.. rooms 9 and 10-
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE— Clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush st.. rooms 9 and 10.
MME MO RE A the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME AUGUST. 1150 Mission St.: clairvoyant
and' palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
MME RAVEN A roads life fluently, business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st-
MME SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
j bnnd's picture. 2Sp: ladle?. 014 O'Farrpll st
PALMISTRY.
MME NEERGAARD. pupil Count St. Ger-
maine, 3358 Twenty-first St., above Valencia;
tel. "White 1571: reading by mail. $1.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH. 2115 Bush
St.; 15 years' experience; references given.
~ EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
Baying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol.. min-
eralogy surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSINESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, ' typing, languages, English: 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HE ALP'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
FRENCH classes, under the auspices of "Al-
liance Francaise," will open at the French
Library afternoons and evenings for adults
only graduate teachers from French Govern-
ment will give tuition; every pupil who Joins
class becomes member of the library. For
terms apply at French Library. City of Paris
bldg., Geary and Stockton, 3 to 4. 8 to 9 p. m.
MERRILL-MILLER college shorthand, typing;
individual Instruction; new typewriters; book-
keeping; rapidity at figures by noted expert
Mr. Tarr; day. eve. Rmi. 572-6. Parrott bldg.
AY RES' Business College, 723 Market st. ;
shorthand typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.: life
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing mech. survey, assay, irehi. ; day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN, MB Market.
FRENCH. Spanish, etc. Prof. De Fillppe's
Academy of Languages, 320 Post; ablest profs.
MARGARET JACKSON^ professor piano, har-
mony, voice culture, Studio 623 Turk Bt.
ELOCUTION and French, $3 per mo.; 4 times
weekly. Mercantile Library, rooms 4-5-6.
DENTISTS. : N
DR. T. 8. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors,
Emma Spreckels bidg., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; Inferior
work done on the teeth is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold filling from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only. .
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. SO9 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th. rra. 7. Flood big., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty : gold crowns.
$3 50 up; plates, extractions, free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m to 10 p. m. ; Sunday, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D., Manager.
A FULL set of tee*th, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years:
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; filling. 60c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st ; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by hln wonder-
ful secret, method; crowns, $2: bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH without plates a specialty; full set of
teeth, $5: crownß. $3; fillings. f.Oc: all work
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental
Parlors, S Mason St., corner of Market.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors; guaranteed
work: lowest prices; ten operators: open
• evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1448 Market near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
epeclfilty: all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. Q.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. '
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; painless extraction
guarntd. N. Y. Dentist, 069 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Keamy; art of teeth,
$4: filling, gold. f.Qe, silver. 2Se: crowns. $3. •
PHYSICIANS.
MRS. DRS. DONOVAN, 621 Hayes St. all
kinds of womb trouble a specialty; diseases
of the eye treated by herbs. •
REMOVAL notice— C. C. O'Donnell, office
and residence, X 021& Market, bet. 6th and 7th.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 29, 1899.
HOUSES TO LET.
AT 24 Morris aye.. Off Harrison, near Sixth-
Sunny 5-room house, renovated, $13; water
free; appreciated it seen; please investigate.
HOUSE to let; 6 rooms. 23V4 Morris aye.. near
Sixth and Harrison sts. .
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of houses from BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
SEVENTEENTH, 3434, near Valencia— House. 7
rioms and bath; In first-class order: rent $20.
TWENTY- FIFTH, 2231, cor. Harrison, facing
Garfleld square— 4 rooms; sunny house and
large yard; rent reduced to $12: water free.
i SUNNY front rooms, water and closet; rent
$>;. 282 Natoma Ft., near Fourth. -■"•.-■•■•'■--
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARLINGTON, 332— A cottage of 3 rooms, chick-
en house, yard; San Mateo cars to Thirty-
fifth st. ; rent $6. ,
$6 PER month, 5 rooms, with chicken houses
and >•, acre of ground. A. M. -SPECK & CO.
$650 WILL build 4-room bay-window cottage;
will call. GEO. M. SALSUL'KY. builder, 521
X Bt.. Sunset District. !
MATS TO LET.
ASHBURY, 105— Five large sunny rooms and
bath; both nicely furnished; no children.
CLAYTON, 872, south of Frederick—
sunny flat. 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
GUERRERO, 1151. corner 24th— 5 and 7 room
sunny modern Hats: stone basements, $15, $20.
HOUSES, ! FLATS.
1220 Laguna, 12 r...535 3033 California, 6 r...520
707 Ellis, 6 r 25 209 Webster, 6 r 25
2214 Geary, 6 r 19 1609 Turk, 6 r 18
6 Willow ay, 6 r. 18 707 Stockton, 5 r 22
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market at.
HOWARD, 1722, near Thirteenth— Sunny, new,
4 rooms; bath; $15; very choice; laundry^
I LADIES' private entrance, polite attention, at
UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye. :
LOWER flat cheap; 3075 Twenty-fourth st.,
near Folsom; 4 rooms, bath; large yard.
OUR rent department goes to your home: get
printed list of flats from BALDWIN & HOW-
ELL. 10 Montgomery st.
RINCON Hill— Americans owning house would
let (to parties without children) sunny corner
flat of 5 rooms and bath; bay windows; fine
view of city and bay; last party stayed 9
years. 351 First st. ; references. ■
SIXTH, 536 A —Upper flat, 5 rooms, bath, large
yard; rent reduced; $12.
SUNNY flat. 5 rooms and bath. 207 Steiner
st.. bet. Haight and Waller.
TWELFTH, Lower flat of 3 rooms.
I $15 — FIVE nice sunny rooms. 531 Grove, be-
tween Octavla and Laguna sts. .
4 ROOMS, bath. $12 and $14: 5 larga rms.. bath,
laundry, gardens, $22 50: 7-room house, bath,
laundry, gardens, $25. Dempster, 36 Glen Park
are., off 12th St.; location should be seen.
$23—2147 MARKET St., comer Guerrero; modern
sunny flat of 7 rooms and bath. Apply
BHAINWALP, BUCKBEE & CO.
$17— FLAT, newly papered and painted; 5 rooms
and bath. Apply 220 Thirteenth, near Howard.
4073 TWENTY-THIRD s_, near Castro; upper
sunny 5 rooms; $15.
697 Noe St., corner Nineteenth; upper 5 rooms:
I $17.
ROOMS FOR HOt'SEKEEriXG.
CASTRO, 429, rear, near 17th— 2 sunny bkpg.
rooms; large yard: stable If desired; cheap.
CHESTNUT, 293— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping; marine view and sun; cheap; no
small children.
FELL, 26 — 2 or 3 nice sunny front rooms par-
tially furnished; reasonable. .
FOURTH, 497 near Bryant— Housekpg rooms;
front alcove, suitable for quiet family; cheap.
GRANT aye., 15— The most respectable place
to borrow money on your valuables^
GOLDEN GATE avp... 404— Sunny parlor floor,
complete for 2 or 4; gas range, bath, etc. ; %2i.
HICKORY aye., 181, near Gough— 3 large fur-
nished housekeeping rooms, $12.
HYDE, 609 — Suites of 2 or 3 rooms: complete for
housekeeping; gas and bath; 12 to $20.
JULIAN aye., 192. corner 16th— 2 neatly fur-
nished front rooms for houspkpg. $10: one, $6.
LEXINGTON aye., 210— A sunny floor with
large front alcove, kitchen complete for
housekeeping; bath; private; rent $13.
LINDEN aye., 285 light sunny housekeeping
rooms; water; bath; rent iV'J.
MINNA. 454—2 clean, furnished rooms for
housekeeping; reasonable.
MISSION 10,'i3— 2 or 3 sunny rooms for light
* housekeeping; American family: cheap rent.
MISSION, L43SB— sunny rooms to. rent in part
or full: bath Included. '
NINTH 20—2 sunny connecting rooms, $10;
bay-window suite, $12; stove, water, gas.
POLK 622— Furnished and unfurnished house-
keeping rooms: also single; rent cheap.
POWELL, 41S— Rooms; housekeeping; rurnlshed
or unfurnished.
TURK. 029— 2 Bunny furnished rooms for house-
keeping; running water. ■
TAYLOR, 609—3 sunny unfurnished rooms;
light housekeeping.
TWELFTH, 40— Front room and kitchen for
housekeeping; sink: use of bath: gas; $10. __"
TWELFTH 220 C— Nicely furnished front house-
keeping rooms; private family; gas stove; se-
lect locality. -- ■
VAN NESS aye., 1021 Sunny front parlor
suite, 'i or 4 rooms; kitchen; gas range.
110—4 rooms, bath, gas; Twenty-second-st. cars
pass. 3553 Twenty-fourth Bt.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant .
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms. 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms; elites,
single; facing plaza; day or month.
AT 52 Second— Double rooms, per wk.. $1 60 to
$3; single, $1 to $1 50; night, 25c to 60c
BRODERICK. 1311. bet. Geary and O'Farrell— 6
unfurnshd. rms.; large, sunny; yard; rent $16.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1264)— Fu-
rnished rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 534, The La Mar— Newly furnished
Eunny rooms en suite or single: reasonable.
EDDY, 120 A —Pleasant sunny front rooms; also
single and housekeeping rooms; rent reasnbi.
EDDY, 614— Single sunny front room; gas,
bath, closets; private family; $8-
GEARY, Nicely furnished sunny front bay-
window room; running water; $12.
GEARY, 736, near I.eavenworth — 1 double room,
$C; 1 single, $5; bath.
GEARY. 822— Sunny front suite: single rooms;
hot and cold water; folding bed.
GOLDEN GATE aye., Handsomely fur-
nished front room; grate, running water; pri-
vate family; reasonable. ' .v.!
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh, and
Mißsion— Pleasant tunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
LOANS made on trunks, pianos, paintings,
statuary, bric-a-brac, furniture, valises, guns.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
MARKET, 1130. near Taylor— House changed
hands; nice front sunny rooms, suitable for
offices: other rooms; rent very reasonable.
MINNA, 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MINNA, 713—1 large double front room; sunny;
rent reasonable.
MISSION, 825V4, near Fifth— Large double and
single sunny front rooms; also housekeeping.
MONTGOMERY, 137, and Bush, 305— Nicely
furnished rooms by the day, week or month.
O'FARRELL 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights: day, week or month.
O'FARRELL. Large sunny parlor suite
and front alcove, prettily furnished; private.
OLIVE aye., 127—2 unfurnished rooms and 1
furnished. .
OLIVE AYE.. 110. ■% Polk, near O'Farrell—
Small furnished room with bath.
SEVENTH, 192 (Girard — Sunny room.;
reasonable: also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SHI PL-IT, 51, nr. Fourth— Two nice furnished,
sflltable for one or two gentlemi t ,
1 iYxTHTIB6— Furnished rooms: light housekeep-
ing rooms; $1 per week; quiet house.
BTEVENSON, 409, and Mint aye., 22, near
Fifth— Sunny furnished mis, grate; $1 up.
TAYLOR, 149— Sunny furnished rooms: quiet
house; transients; bath; changed hands.
VAN NESS avenue,. 904— Newly furnished
front room. $10: also room off parlor.
• STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
i PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company: pttk-
ing, advance, etc. 7,30 Market; tel. Black an.
BOARDING AND ROOMS. . .
EIXiS^W— Newly furnished rooms with first-
class home cooking; with gas, bath and tel.
FIRST. Swedish ■ private boarding, with
room. $4 a -week up: elegant parlor suite.
GEARY, S22— Front suite, suitable for doctor
or dentist; single rooms; board optional.
HYDE. 299— Large sunny rooms, with excel-
lent board; families solicited: reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board: reasonable; table board.
O'FARRELL, 923— Large nicely furnished front
room with board; private; $45 for two.
POST, 809, near Pleasant sunny rooms,
with excellent board; meals at all hours.
— '—
IF you're short borrow of the respectable house
1 of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
POWELL. 309 (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished
sunny front suite: bath: excellent board.
.. RESTAURANTS.
PERINI'S. 16 Mason French dinner. BOo;
lunch. 25c or a la carte: pri. rms. for ladies.
CAMPI'S Restaurant: any 2 16c dishes, with
. Email coffee. 25c. 106-8 O'Farrell. opp. Orpheum.
LOMBARDI'S French dinner, 25c; 10 a. m. to 8
p. — 43 Stockton Cold No. 25). nr. O'Farrell.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and lea
cream pqrlor. 1035 Market.: popular prices.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
LADY alone would like 1 or 2 children to
board; good home: near sea. Address MRS.
I'F.NI, West Berkeley P. O.
GOOD home for two children; near school. 51
Clara st. ■
STORES TO LET.
$14— 3551 Twenty-fourth st. ; corner store; 4
rooms; stable If desired; 22d-at cars pass.
STORE and 2 living rooms; cellar. Apply 417 ! _
Third st. '
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
Fame day; no Instruments used; cure at office,
$5; home in confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH, 942 Post st., bet.
Hyde and Larkln; hours 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p."m. ; Sunday. 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find in
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home; consultation free and ab-
solutely confidential: satisfaction guaranteed,
without Injury to health, or money refunded
by MRS DR. GWYER, 5* Eddy St.. bet.
Hyde and Larkin: office hours. 10 to 12. 2 to 4
and 7 to P. Sundays by appointment only.
NEGLECTED eyesight affects the brain, causes
serious bodily ills. Mayerle's Periscoplc Eye-
glasses are superior to all others for reading,
working or distance; weak eyes: poor sight.
Mayerle's new and exclusive methods in fit-
ting glasses by mall free. WRITE TO-DAY.
GEO. MAYERLE. German Expert Optician
(German Optical Inst.). charter member Am-
erican Ass, of Opticians. 1071% Market. S. F.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles.
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self -cure sent; call at write; free: confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 1223 Market St.;
pills. $1; very strong. $2.
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how long standing:
every woman her own physician; can be sent
safe and sure; no medicines or instruments
used; consultation free; traveling parties
helped instantly and safe treatment guaran-
teed; cure, $5; by the well-known specialists
and ladies' physicians for 37 years; see us.
DR. POPPER and DRS.. 318 Kearny st.
A— DR G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relives monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases c»r irregulari- j
ties than any other physician; never falls to
cure; consult him first, save time and money,
treatment can be used at home: consultation i
free. Call or write. 1023H Market Bt.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladles near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well known, reliable, safe and sure; cure in
24 hours guaranteed: any time; maternity
home; best medical attendance: pills. $1; cure.
$5. 1362 Market, bet. 7th-Bth; tel. Howard 424.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office. $5; travelers helped In-
stantly; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1123 Market St.. between
Mason and Taylor; hours 9 to 5 p. m. j
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 13 IS Golden Gate
aye.— Private home In confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attention; terms mod-
erate; regular physician in attendance; con-
sultation free; infants adopted into good
homes; call before consulting others.
DR WONG WOO, herb doctor: Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium. 764-766 Clay St.. San Fran-
cisco: all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs; over 3000 varieties being used;
advice free; hours 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3 and
7 to 9 p. m. |
ALL married ladles know "Seguro," the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay
Bt. : $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co., 531 X St.. Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'B French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
DR. and Mrs. Wise, HIS Market Instant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back; $5 up.
PRIVATE home In confinement; best.refs.;
1540% Howard: Mrs. M. Wledemann. midwife.
DR. WONG HIM. herb Coctor.treats all dis-
enf-ps of the human body. 115 Mason st.
HORSES.
40 HORSES for rale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market,
827 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FINE laundry, bakers', milk wagons; 3 bug-
gies; 2 extra fine delivery wag. 82S Harrison,
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
burgles, surreys anil horses. 1140 Folsom st.
""furniture for sale.
FURNITURE, combination desk, sewing ma-
chine, bicycle; all good; cheap. 1187 Dolores.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FOR saI_— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOBH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
NOTICE to mariners— Caul for sale, $125; pur-
chasers of this talisman guaranteed from all
perils of the sea. SOS O'Farrell st.
FINE lot of fancy and common pigeons for sale
at 362 San Carlos aye. •
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures: new and second hand.
J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St..
above Sixth.
$350— SALOON; corner East and Greenwich sts.;
rent $20; owner has two places. Call 230 Pa-
cific st.
CREAMERY machinery for sale; a bargain;
almost- new; latest type separator, boiler, en-
gine, etc.; Bold separately or together. Apply
box 447. Petaluma, Cat. ■
GAS engine, 3V4 horsepower, $150; 8 horsepower.
$360: others, new and second hand. DYNAMIC
ENGINE CO., 603 California St.
FOR bale— Llewelyn breed pups; 1 month old;
cheap. 739 Pine st.
ENGINES, dynamos, boilers, pumps, belting, ;
etc. WHITE'S. 516 Mission st. !
DOMESTIC sewing machine; good condition;
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission st., nr. lath.
THOROUGHBRED St. Bernard dog; 11 months
old. Address 797 Mission St., corner Fourth.
PULLEYS covered by pat. leather prevent slip-
page; saves power. Cal. Belt Co., 519 Mission.
PRENTICE lathe, screw cutting, full set' of
attachments. • See owner, 728 Capp st.
SAFES— AII sizes new and second- hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO., 417 Sacramento St. :
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE, 139 Beala St..
OVERSTOCK— St. Germain Billiard Co.; tables.
ealoon fixtures, beer pumps: rented. 409 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines -1 horsepower. $100; 2, $125;
3. $150; 4. $175. SMITH CO., 527 Mission st.
POLYPHONE. $35: attachment (only). $15: will
fit phono or graphophone. Baclgalupi, 933 Mkt.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. -Q9-r.l Market. 8. F.
. ______
LOST.
LOST— Small gold watch charm; Initials A. D.
M. ; finder will please return to 2821 Twenty-
second st. and receive reward.
LOST— a black pocketbook containing money
and private papers in the name of R. Klrman.
Finder may keep money and receive addi-
tional reward by returning the papers and
book to J. B. O'BRIEN, Call office.
OLD gold, diamonds, silver and pianos bought;
highest price* paid. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
CITY RRAI. ESTATE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO»
RARE OPPORTUNITY.
$32,000— Fine business block; on Eddy st., near
Mason; good building; lot 25x137:6 feet;
good investment.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
$25,000— Choice residence of 14 rooms on Pa-
cific Heights; very sunny; north sfde
of street; large lot; 75x137:6 feet: a fine
home; never offered lor sale before.
RICHMOND BLOCK AT A SACRIFICE.
One of the best blocks facing on the park; all
level; no reasonable offer refused.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$7250 — Four flats of 4 rooms each; high base-
ment; on Ellis St.; rents $60; street
bltuminlzed; cement sidewalk; lot 30x
137:6 feet.
m
PAYS 14 PER CENT PER ANNUM
$4000— Six flats of 4 and 6 rooms, and all in
good condition: on Welch st., near
Fourth; rents $46 50; all rented.
FORECLOSURE SALE.
Any offer covering expense will be accepted;
3 nice cottages of 6, 4 and 3 rooms; all
•rented; rents $22; eeet work done;
mortgage $1200 can remain; lot 60x114
feet.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
$2500— Rents $30; always rented; 2 houses of
6 and 4 rooms; basement, etc.; near
• FoltHim st.
NORTH BEACH PROPERTY. '
$1800 — Nice house of 4 rooms, near Lombard
and Dupont sts.; work all done; lot 25x
77:6 feet.
RICHMOND LOT.
$1050— Clement St., near Third aye.; sunny
aft*: street work all done; lot 25x100
feet.
FORECLOSURE SALE.
Must be sold immediately; make an offer; ele-
gant cottage of 6 rooms; bath and base-
ment; near Valencia and Twenty-first
sts.; street work all done; cement side-
walk.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
$1000 above mortgage at 7 per cent; nice
residence of 7 rooms, bath and base-
tment, on Webster st., near Geary;
street bituminized; must be sold im-
mediately.
RARE INVESTMENT.
Pays 1 per cent per month; only $500 required;
balance easy; a few blocks from Mar-
ket and Fourth sts; large house ar-
ranged to accommodate 3 tenements; In
Al condition; Just remodeled; don't fail
to see this.
FINE EXCHANGE.
Modern 10-room restdence In Pasadena; on best
avenue; corner; lot 80x200 feet; orange,
lemon, prune and magnolia trees; will
exchange for residence or business prop-
erty in San Francisco.
We are preparing our monthly cata-
logue for our April auction sale. For
particulars apply to
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
63S Market st.
NOW IS TOUR TIME.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market, cor. Third.
Elegant accommodations. Good investments.
$40,000.
Grand corner. 65x57:6, near Mason and O'Far-
rell sts.; can guarantee S per cent net if Im-
proved.
$20,009.
Grand corner Investment; all rented, T175;
very cheap.
$35.000.
Don't miss this grand investment; only few
blocks from Tivoli; rented for $300.
$110,000.
Grand corner on Ellis st. ; rents $600; lot Six
120; 3 fronts.
$10,500.
Corner, 52xS0, with 8 flats; rents $115; 1 block
from Market st.
$20,000.
Grand corner on Mission st. : lot 120x118, with
stores, etc.; well improved: rents about $2000;
must be sold within 5 days; see it at once.
SS23O.
Corner, 62:6x100; Haight and P.roderick sts. ;
bargain.
$16,000.
Three elegant flats; rents $1600; 977 Post st.
$4800.
Three brand-new flats; rented $52; select loca-
tion.
$5500.
Nine-room house, vicinity of Van Ness aye.
and McAllister st.
$3500.
4 flats; few blocks from Palace Hotel;
rents $43. '" ■■".'
$2950.
2 new flats, vicinity Sixteenth st.; rents $30.
$900.
6-acre poultry ranch, near Haywards.
$1100.
10-acre improved ranch, with house, barn,
blacksmith shop, etc.
$1250.
2 good flats near Broadway and Mason st ;
half cai>h.
Other bargains. Call and see us in our new
home, 667 Market st.
A. M. SPECK & CO..
667 Market st.
~~ MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
TreielTrng good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for ail cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
A FEW good bargains in uprights from $120
up. All guaranteed.
' Weber, in fine order.
Estey, used very little.
Bradford, good as new: Knabe, used seven
months. Easy payments.
. BENJ CURTAZ & CO., Chlckertng Agents,
IC-20 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chieasro is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26 28 and 80 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every -
! thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. -/■ :".
HORNUNG'S pianos praised by all great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of the
day; please examine. 216 McAllister st.
! $150— ELEGANT upright; stool, cover; on $5
Installments. 1115 Post st.
PIANOS accurately tuned and warranted.
Send postal card to COOKE. 1081 Howard st.
' PIANOS at auction prices to realize advances
and storage. Wilson's Storage Rms.. 1710 Mkt.
: NEW pianos, stool and scarf, $3 per mo. rental.
SCOTT-CURT AZ Piano Co., 560 Hayes St.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up; installments, $5 75 up;
rents $3 50 up (allowed on purchase). 136 Ellis.
W G BADGER. 415 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
; BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
Mc.^'Mpfpr St., next Hibernia Bank.
FOIiMKI! pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZY, Sole Agent. 303 Post st.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy, 308 Post st. •
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
1< pages, In wrapper, for mnlling. t\ per year.
: cakpet cleaning.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
88 and 40 Eighth St.: telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAUI.DING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 853-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 894. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
st.: cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-boating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
_______ EN T NOTICE _ #
SECuiOVE^T^AhE^O^nCß^UcCa^TeUdlng
Hinge Window Company. Location of prin-
cipal place of business, San Francisco. Cal.
NOTICE— There is delinquent upon the fol-
lowing described stock, on account of assess-
ment levied on the 14th day of February. A. D.
1895 the several amounts set opposite the
names of the respective shareholders, as fol-
lows:
No. No.
Names— 'Cert. Shares. Amt.
Elvin C McCall « 10,000 $500
Elvin C. McCall 7 6.000 300
Elvin C. McCall 8 1,000 50
Elvin C. McCall » 1.000 50
Clarence C McCall 10 10.000 600
Clarence C. McCall 11 6.000 300
Clarence C. McCall 12 1.000 50
Clarence C. McCall 13 1.000 50
i Michael O'Sullivan 14 10.000 600
' Michael O'Sullivan 15 ■ 6.000 300
Michael O'Sullivan 16 1,000 50
Michael O'Sulllvan 17 1.000 50
Jonas Weyl ~ IS 6,000 300
And in accordance with law and an order of
i the board of directors, made on the 14th day
', j of February. 1899. bo many shares of each par-
i eel of such stock as may be necessary will be
sold at the office of the company. No. 213
' Golden Gate avenue, San Francisco. Cal.. on
Tuesday, the 4th day of April, at the hour of
: 12 o'clock in. of said day. to pay delinquent as-
' sessments thereon, together with the costs of
i advertising and expenses of the sale.
ELVIN C. McCALL, Secretary.
j Office, 215 Golden Gate aye., San Francisco,
! Cal.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
n7SO^POWELL "averPciose "to^Jlission St.; 3
flats of 4, 4 and 3 rooms each; lot 25x100; this
is a very good investment.
$21,000— Large corner. 50x75. on Valencia St.,
close to Market; improvements 3-story build-
ing.
$2450— Modern, cottage; $200 cash, balance
monthly; Eureka St., near Nineteenth; up-to-
date house; contains 5 rooms, porcelain bath,
etc.
CORNER INVESTMENT. •
PAYS OVER 12 PER CENT.
$10,000— Pine-et. corner; 6 2-story houses; 6
rooms and bath each.
$3500— Not far from the i corner of Stanyan
and Frederick sts.; I^-story residence, con-
taining 8 rooms and bath; lot 25xS0; easy terms;
house cost $4000 to build.
A SPLENDID INVESTMENT.
$Ssoo— Rent $79; Central aye., near Haight St.;
3 modern flats; contain 6 rooms and bath each;
on sunny side of street; lot 25x112:6; a good buy.
$7500— Rent $66; splendid new 2-story and
basement buildings on Hayes St.. not far from
town, containing 2 handsome sunny flats of 7
rooms each; lot 25x137:6.
$2000— Sacramento at., near Powell; 2-story
hous-e of 7 rooms; corner lot 30x46.
$5250— Washington st., near Powell; 2-story
brick building containing 10 rooms and base-
; ment; large corner lot. 40x77:6; building covers
only portion of lot.
$6150— Rent $67 BO; Larkin st., near Broadway;
3 flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath each; lot 24X
100; large mortgage can remain; must be sold.
$5500— Rent $72; Mason st., near Clay; 3-story
house, 10 rooms and bath; also double cottage
of 6 rooms each; lot 40x60.
$6500— Great bargain; Folsom St., near Twen-
ty-second; 2 flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath
each; rent $45; extra large lot, 45x122:6.
$2Sso— Rltch St., near Third and Folsom; 2
flats of 5 rooms each; also rear house of 3
rooms; lot 25x75.
$5500— Hayes st., near Laguna; large lot. 27:6 x
120, 10 Linden aye., with 2 flats of 6 rooms and
bath each on Linden aye.; Hayes-st. frontage
vacant; rent $31; mortgage of $4100 can remain.
$10,000— Offer wanted; California St., near
Franklin; large lot, 30x137:6; cottage of 7
rooms, bath, etc.
$4000— Corner of Pacific and Jones sts. ; lot
45x60. with 2-story double house of 5 and 6
rooms and bath; rent $32.
$1100— Nebraska St., near Nineteenth; cottage
of 4 rooms; lot 25x100; easy terms; a good home
for a workineman.
$2500— Rent $21; Langton st., near Bryant; 2-
story house containing 2 flats of 3 and 4 rooms
each.
$6500— $65; facing the Park Panhandle:
2 handsome flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath
each: large lot.
$2000— Rent $20; Tehama St., near Eighth; 2
flats of 5 and 6 rooms.
$9000— Post St., near Van Ness aye.; 2-story
residence of 10 rooms and bath, etc.; lot 27:6 x
120; 2 frontages. »«'«H
$3300— Rent $39; Clementina St., near Fourth
and Howard; 2 good buildings; a good renting
locality. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
A SPLENDID HOME IN BEAUTIFUL SANTA
ROSA.
$10,000— For sale or exchange, about 4 acres
within 2 blocks of business center; fronting 195
feet on the best residence street; improvements
consist of a handsome residence, containing 12
large rooms, etc.; cost $15,000 to build; beauti-
ful lawn, shrubbery, etc.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
FINE LOT ON SIXTEENTH ST.
$500 only; near Ashbury; lot ready for build-
ing; magnificent panoramic view of the city
and bay; close to electric cars.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
PARK LOTS'. PARK LOTS!
SELLING LIKE HOT CAKES!
Take a car to-day and see the improvements
going on In Sunset District. Note the large
amount of street work being done. See the
homes belnc built, etc. Sunset is the most
thriving and progressive section of the city,
and is a splendid place to Invest in lots.
Lots facing on Eighth, Ninth, Tenth and
Eleventh ayes. at prices ranging from $200 up-
™ ar ' TERMS— S2S CASH, $5 MONTHLY.
Take the Haight or Ellis st. cars and trans-
fer to the electric road which runs to the Cliff
House, Get off at H st. and Ninth aye. We
have a branch office there always onon (Sun-
days Included). BALDWIN & HOWELL.
.10 Montgomery st.
WANTED at — Income property; must be
cheap. Call A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
WAY below cost: fine fitore and elegant flat.
6 rooms and bath; always rented, $60; lot
27 :6x132:6. Premises. 3027 Sacramento st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
}Tto an acre; list free; crops sure. M.
GRIFFIN, Cottonwood, Shasta County, Cal.
MARIN Co.. 26 miles from S. F.— to $S0 per
acre: choice lands in tracts of all sizes: im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay. grain,
fruit and vegetable lands: easy terms; rail
and water transit: good schools., HOME AND
FARM CO.. rm. 27, Bth floor. Mills bldg.. S. F.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; 2150 acres sold to 120 families: 7500
acres left. For particulars at immense crops i
raided in dry season of 1897-93 address THE
COT ATI CO.. 302 California St., S. F.
SALE or rent— Chicken ranch: suburban home;
cheap. T. ABRAMS. box 174. Petaluma, Cal.
~ PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
— Elegant residence: lot 100x150; San Jose
aye., near Willow ft., Alameda; worth $5000;
will sell for $3000; cash $1000, balance en
time. ROBINSON. 22U Geary fit., room 27.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval or any other good security; payable
back in installments .or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as. you de-
elre- avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
is'OONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate. 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies b«ight: no de-
lay. R. McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. S.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market st. telephone Main 1644.
BORROW money on indorsed paper or your
salary: small loans a specialty; any secur-
ity. THE REYNOLDS CO.. cor. 3d and Jessie.
ON furniture or pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell St.
IF requiring money ascertain our rates: circu-
lar mailed to any address. R. GOULD. 131
M6ntgomery st. S. F. j
A— WHEN tired of other pawnbrokers try THE '
CUT-RATE LOAN OFFICE, 22 Mason st.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. «36 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortg.:
any riror"vHtlon TVvrtpn. 413 Montgomery at.
FINANCIAL,
MONEY to .loan— Real estate. Ed mortjf.. chat-
tels, etc. Harrier & Krelger. 312 Emnmlrnr big.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: R. W.King, attorney at law; 6th
floor. Chronicle building; no advance charges;
estates mortgages, damages, attachments,
bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts, etc.,
drawn; moderate fees; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; all legal matters. J. B. EVANS,
14 McAllister st., near Hibernla Bank.
L S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market; consultation free; no fee» in advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
SEWING MACHI .ES.
$2~MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairlnc at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND FrRNITTJRB FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— and cheap. H. SCHELI*-
HAAB' old store. 408 Eleventh at. Be» him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATB.
COTTAGE, 5 rooms and bath; lot 33:4x150;
fine artesian well, windmill, etc.; easy terms.
$3100— Elegant new home. 8 rooms: lot 42x138;
Santa Clara aye. ; terms $400 cash, $25 per mo.
$2600— New Colonial cottage, 6 rooms ; 10t.42z
207; half block -from station and high school;
terms $400 cash. $25 per month.
$3500— New house of 8 rooms; lot 40x150; fine
location: San Antonio ay«. ; Chestnut Station;
terms $500 cash, $25 per month.
A fine business corner, 26x82:6; store and flat
above: new and modern; must be Bold; owner
going East.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park st.
JSPOO—HANDSOME house and lot. 57x140; 9
rooms. \'K. corner Santa Clara and Para.
MARRIAGE LICENSES. ~
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Charles R. Zipser and Mary B. Callan 29-23
Benjamin A. Goregl and Teresa T. Munroe.22-20
John .1. Delaney and Marie H. Beauvais. .34-36
William J. Corlett and Eva Hartley 26-20
F. G. Hagerup and Anna C. J. Rengstorff. 63-35
Edgard D. Haflin and Anna Barry 33-19
John E. Pcrow and Mary V. Hart 28-23
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
BORN. : : '
FOWLER-In Vailejo, March 23. 1899, to the
wife of Cornelius T. Fowler, a son:
PAINE— In this city. March 16. IS9!}, to the
wife of Frank W. Paine, a daughter. .
marriedT
MEIERHAUS— MARTIN— this city. March
25. 1869, by the Rev. H. Cordes, Charles Meier--
haus and Laura J. Martin, both of San i ran-
cisco. :..•. - • • •' . •
THURESON— JOHNSON— In this city. March
26, 1899, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander, Carl
W. Thureson and Jubelina Johnson, both or
Han Francisco.
WHITESIDE— RICHARDS— In this city, March
5, 1899, by the Rev. John A. Emery, Edward
F. Whiteside and Florence F. Richards.
DIED.
Adams. Pamuel W. Lomba, Joaquin -
Best. Genevieve M. MeKinnon, Donald
Bose, John Metten t Francis L. '
Brett. Marie L. Nickel, Jacob
Bryant. Lillian R. O'Connor, Patrick
Cole, Susie i '. ■!• •. Ernst
•Vnkrin. Thomas F. Paterson, Margaret
Dering. Errillie K. D. Rodgers, Patrick B.
Erzegovich, Chris Smith, Arthur C.
Fernald, W. 11. Smith. William M.
Harstromberg 1 , Ber- Bteinmetz, Clara
nard H. W. - Stellisch, Pauline
ADAMS— In this city. March SB. 1899. Samuel
\v.. beloved husband of -Mary Adams, and
father of A. F. Adams, a native of Maine.
aged 75 years and 9 months.
BEST— In Los Angeles, March- 11, 1899, Gene-
vieve May, only and beloved daughter of
William and Maria R. Best, and grand-
daughter of Mrs. M. A. Ames, a native of
San Diego, aged 5 years 1 month and 9 days.
o~?"Friends and acquaintances are" respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, ffpm the funeral
parlors of Henry Evers, 865 Washington
street. Oakland. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery. mfll^BßTlf • ■
I I QBE— In this city, March' 28, 1899, John, be-
loved husband of Sophia Bose, and father of
Martin H. and Herman Boso arid Mrs. H.
Stohlman. a native of Germany, aged 84 years
1 months and 2G days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral .to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1133 Folsqm street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. •• ' ■
FRETT— In this city, March . 16. 1899, Marie
Louise, beloved wife of J. L. Brett,, a native
of Douai, France, aged 29 years.
E?"Frit:-nd3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from Notre Dame
dcs Victolres Church. Bush Street^ between
Grant avenue arid Stockton street, where, a
requiem mass will be celebrated for the- re-
pose of her soul. Remains at the' parlors or
the California Undertaking Company, corner
of Stockton and Geary streets. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery by. carriage. .
&RYANT— In this city. March 27. 1899,, Lillian
Rouse Bryant (nee Hardy), beloved wife of
John Bryant, daughter of the late Bridget
Hardy, and niece of the late Margaret Haley,
I a native of San Francisco; aged 30 years 1L
months and 5 days. A member of Y. L. I.
No. 2. (New York papers' please copy.)
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-.,
fully invited to attend the funeral this day .-
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from. her. late resi-
dence, 705 Hampshire street, thence to M.
i Charles Borromeo's Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
■ Cross Cemetery.
YOUNG LADIES INSTITUTE NO 2-=-Dear Sis-
ters: You are hereby notified to attend the
funeral of our late sister, Mrs. LiHie Bry-
ant, at 9 o'clock, this day (Wednesday).
MRS. S. WELSHONS, President*
MARY DONOVAN, Secretary.
COLE-In this city, March 28 1899." Susie, be-,
loved daughter of Mary B. and the late Ja m.
Cole and sister of Kate, Lizzie and the late
Mary, James, John and Thomas Cole, a na-
tive of Benicia.
CONKLIN-In this city, March 27, 1899, Thomas
F. Conklin. beloved brother .of .Mary L.
Graves, a native of Cincinnati. Ohio, aged
67 years and 13 days.
DERING— In this city. March 27. 1899, Emilia
E -D dearly beloved wife of George Derins.
mother of Laura and Alice Dering. and sister
of Mrs. H. Gansberger, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 34 years 1 month and. 12 days.
ir?"FrU-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 4139 Twenty-fourth street, between
Castro and Diamond. Interment I. O. O. *.
Cemetery.
ERZEGOVICH-In this city. March" 27. _1599.
Chris Erzegovich, cousin of George V. Dabo-
vlch. a native of Austria,' aged -S years.
! FERN\LD— In Berkeley, March 28; 1899, W.
i H Fernald. a native of Paris. Maine, aged
77 years 6 months and 11 days.
HARSTROMBERG— In the City and County
Hospital. March 27, 1899, Bernard Henry
William Harstromberg, a native of Ger-
many, aged 50 years.
LOMBA— In the City and County Hospital,
March 28, l v -' /> - Joaquin Lomba, a native or
Cape Verde Islands, aired IT years.
McKINNON— In this city, March 27. 1899. Don-
ald McKinnon, late of steamship City of Pe-
king, a native of Scotland, aged 3S years.
{tb'Frieno's and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, under the auspices
of Mission Lodge No. 189, F. and AM., from
the Mission Masonic Temple. 2b6S Mission
street, between Twenty-second and Twenty-
third. Interment Masonic Cemetery. Re-
mains at the funeral parlors of H. C. Bunker
& Co., 2666 Mission street.' '
j METTEN— In this city. March 27, 1899 i Fran-
cis Louis, dearly beloved and youngest son of
Anton and Anolonia Metten. and beloved
brother of Joseph Metten, a native of San
Francisco, aged 11 months and 8 days.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are resent- .
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of his. parents, 201 Ney street. ofT Mission
road. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NICKEL— In Napa, Cal., March 2S, 1899, Jacob,
beloved husband of Catharina ' Nickel, and
father of August and Edward Nickel, a na-
tive of Saxony, aged 54 years 5. months and
12 day? A member of Valley I. • i-.' No. 30.
A O. TJ W., and San Francisco Turn Verein.
V^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday) at 2 o'clock, from San Francisco
Turn Verein Hall, 823 Turk street. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Remains at the par-
lors of Theo. Dierks, 957 Mission street.
! O'CONNOR— In this city. March 26, 1899, Pat-
rick beloved huAand of . Hannah O Connor.
and 'father of ChiMes. John, William. Hannah
and Tessie O'Connor. Mrs. M. J. Rlley and
Mrs. T. J. Clisham, a native of Ireland, aged
67 years. '.
rFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clocK, from his late
residence 280 Clara street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem. high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9. o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetetry.
OELS-In this city. March IS, , 1899, Ernst,
dearly beloved husband of Sophie Oels, and
father of Minna Oels, a native of Bremer-
voerde. Germany, aged 47 years 10 months
and 4 days.
PATERSON— In this city. March 27. 1899, Mar-
caret beloved wife of George Paterson, and
mother of George W. and Annie G. Paterson,
Mra C McEntee, Mrs. James Baxter an*
Mrs." Elizabeth Anders a native of Water-
ford. Ireland, aged 68 years.
(T^-Friends and acquaintances are respect,
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), .from her late residence 711V a
Tehama street, thence to St. Joseph's Church
Tenth street, where a requiem high mass will
be 'aid for the repose of her soul, commeno-
ing at 9 o'clock. . Interment Holy Cross Ceme.
RODGERS— In this city. March 27. 1593, Patrick
B dearly beloved husband of the late Bridget
RoAgert, and- father of Mary A. and James
I Rodger* and Mrs. Frank P. Loughran. a
native of Newry, County Down, Ireland, aged
65 years 7 months and 12 days.
ir^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 209 Virginia avenue, off Mission St., be-
tween Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth, thence to
St Paul's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city, March - 1 -. 1899, Arthur
C son of Mrs. C. J. and the late Joseph
Smith, ' a native of San Francisco, aged 22
SMITH— this city, March 28, 18W, William
M. Smith, a native of Newburn, N. C. aged
76 years 11 months and 24 days..
STELLISCH— In this city, March" :R, 18», Pau-
line dearly beloved wife of William Stel-
ll«ch mother of Willie Stellisch, and sister
of Fred and William Bahr and Mrs. Th.
Modlng of St. Helena, a native of Holstein.
Germany, aged 47 years and 11 months.
STEINMETZ— In Alameda. March 27. 1899.
• Clara beloved wife of Theo Steinmetz. and
daughter of Captain K. Van Oterendorp, a
native of Bremen, Germany, aged 37 years 11
months and 27 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day -
(Wednesday), at 11:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of Captain K. Van Oterendorp. " 1711
Central avenue, Alameda. Cremation private,
I O. O. F. Cemetery, San Francisco. Please
omit flowers. .
CARD OF THANKS.
BRUSE— The wife and relatives of the late'
Christian Bruse take th.is means of express-
ing their thanks to the members of Crockett
Lodge No. 139, F. and A. M., Schuetzen Ve-
rein. Franklin Build4ng and Loan Society.
Golden Gate Council No. 60. O. C. F.. Con-
sumers' Yeast Vinegar Works and their many
friends for the flowers "and sympathy ex-
tended to them in th.-ir -late bereavement.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & .Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
PmcAVOY «fc CO., S
I nJNEKAL. DIRECTORS & EM.UA.L.MER» |
I 1235 Market St. between Bth and »ta. 1
FUNERAL DiKKCTUHS .fc EIItALMEM I
12SS Market st. between Bth and tth.
I Telephone. South 247. [
1112
KILBIRN GETS
IN, CHADBOURNE
GOES TO COURT
Credentials of the Mew Harbor
Commission President Are
Acceptable.
Majority of the Board Decides That Her
oid Shall Stay in His Seat and the
New Appointee Will Enter
Suit for the Place,
PARIS KTL.BURN was duly Installed
i of the State Board of
1 r C< immisa ■■■ : - ai the ap-
I our yesterday afti
Ills credentials, in the main regular and
ghtforward, were ordered to be
spread. • n the mir:-. inniis
:■• to t!;o
C authority from Mr. Colnon to
Mr. Kilburn were bri< f and uninspiring.
- . F. H. Chadboun d the
s, but
to ai cepi the docu
ilonel must go to the
:' his rights
mls'< s.
When the board convened nt 2 o'clock
p; m. ' "'I l! i: < hlB
if the table.* On his
. was Commissioner Herold and on
Commissioner Harney. W. I>.
< ■ ■ board, read the
tes. Paris Kilburn was present
when • A. few minutes
whilo t: ■ ry was reading
the minutes, Ci ' :me in
with his attorney. Mr. Madden, of the
.. • & Heggerty. He whs re
i with sin: good natured com
ments.
Chadhourne shook hands with Mr. Kil
burn the other members
of Uia bo ixd and then went over to where
Mr. Her. >!d \v;in sitting and grasped his
rival's hand. Mr. Herold started to arise
to properly receive tho colonel, when the
PARIS KILEURN ASSUMES THE PRESIDENCY.
latter gallantly said, "Keep your seat,"
to which Commissioner Herold quickly
answered, "I will." This Incident created
jnuc-h merriment.
I luring an intermission, before bids
opened, ex-Prealdent Colnon crossed
to where Colonel Chadbourne was sit
ting and jokingly said: ''I am glad to
Bee you, Mr. Chadbourne. I think I have
eeen you before."
Chadbourne smilingly answered: "I feel
like a youngster who has been on a va
cation and baa just returned to school."
"There is only one mistake I made In
this business, " interrupted ex-Governor
Budd; "l Bhould have detailed 'Chad' t<j
Manila," to which the colonel answered,
''Why didn't you tlilnk of It sooner. Gov
ernor?"
Nearly an hour's time was occupied by
the board In th>- transaction of routine
business, such a: j reading communications
Hint opening i>Mh. Mr. Kilburn evinced
some little Bigns of nervous impatience
an th" t!m<> wore on, but did not Beck
tw hasten the proceedings. Presently Mr.
Colnon turned to his fellow Commissioner
and remarked, "It is time for m.' to take
my departure." Then addressing all
those assembled in the room he said:
"It now be< >m< a my duty and pleasure
I lir and Introduce my suc
cessor, Mr. Paris Kilburn. 1 nave had a
v» r> pleasant time here during my four
years of servlca it has been a benefit
to rue In many ways. I have got ac
quaint* d "with many people, whose good
opinion I esteem and whose friendship I
cherish. I go out <if public office to re-
Bume my private business with no feel
ings Of regret for the reason that I have
a business which requires my attention.
It is a business which I have built tip
: ■ : during th<; past I
i\ is the- only business I claim to "know
something about.
"Before taking my leave of the board,
] | easure in Introducing my sue
. Mr. Paris Kilburn. i hope h<
a pleasant term and wish him i
■ SS."
Mr. Kilburn, the incoming president,
mbarrassed when he stood ai the
head of the table alongside the chair
which >Ir. Colnon had Just vacated. He
■i by saying:
the Stato Board of Bank i
Commissioners " (Laught. R. i
Major Harney— Harbor ('ommlssion-
Mr. Kilburn— T have my speech al
ready written out and will read it if I
find the reading necessary. In assuming
tin duties as your presiding 1 officer— the
duties will be new to me and I ask that j
you all give me your assistance and your
ranee— l hope all our deliberation*
i ur actions will be characterized by I
harmony and good feeling. I can only I
promise to do "the best I can and I hope j
[hut under all circumstances that I will
dare do right. I sincerely hr>p* that my
efforts will meet with your approval."
At the conclusion of Mr. Kliburn's re
marks Commissioners Harney and Her
old shook hands with the new presiding
officer.
Colonel Chadboume essayed to speak
.it this time, but commissioner Harney
had something to say:
"I have related with Mr. cv>i
non as a m< mb< r of this hoard for many
years," he said, "and during that period
ou? associations have always been agree
able. During the incumbency of Mr. Col
non as a Harbor Commissioner l have
always found him attentive and pains
taking. During his incumbency a great
many improvements have taken olace on
the waterfront, particularly the erection
of this magnificent ferry depot, which
is a marvel of architecture. I wish Mr.
m all the success possible in his fu
r, and i greet our new Presl
afi a fellow member of this board.
I will only be too glad to assist him in
his duties" to the best of my ability.
Mr. Herold i merely wish to reiterate.
.s made by Mr. Harney. While
1 have been with "ur ex-President for a
much shorter period than Major Harney,
n busy learning something and
I was therefore not quite as ready to
lend him the assistance 1 would lil
have been able to do. At the same time
our relations have always been pleasant
and I wish him the best of success in nis
future walk of life. I also desire to do
everything in my power in the way of
co-operating with my fellow members.
President Kilburn— For these cordial
sentiments I sincerely thank you.
Major Harney— l move that the chair
man—
Colonel Chadbournt — Mr. Chairman, I
have a commission issued by the Gov
ernor of the State and also a certificate
from the Secretary of the State certifying
to my qualifications to act as a member
of this board.
Ex-President Colnon— Pardon me, I in
tended to make a motion before leaving
the chair that my successor's commis
sion be spread In full on the minutes.
At the suggestion of ex-Governor Rudd
Secretary English read the commission of
President Kilhurn.
Major Harney — I move that the com
misßlon of Governor Gage to Paris Kil
burn as a member of this board be In
serted In the minutes.
Ex-Governor Budd—^Together with the
notice from the secretary that his bond
has been filed.
President Kilburn— l hold in my hand a
commission to Mr. Chadbourne. Mr.
S. cretary, will you kindly read It.
M.ij.ir Harney examined the document
and then passed it over to Commissioner
11. rold.
Mr. Budd— The confirmation of the
Senate has been omitted In I'resident Kil
burn's commission.
President Kilburn— A new one will be
Issued and that will be inserted in the
minutes.
Mr. Budd— Either that or the certificate
of confirmation.
Secretary English reads Mr. Chad
bourne's commission.
Major Harney— ln the records of this
commission, dated January 14, lvis, it ap
pears that Mr. Herold presented at that
time his commission from the Governor
of California a.s a Harbor Commissioner.
On these credentials he was admitted a
member and is now sitting on this board.
While I do not question the right of thn
Governor of California to act in this
manner, 1 move that the credentials pre
hy Mr. < 'hadhourne. be rejected and
that the application of colonel Chad
bourne to be seated as a member of this
board be rejected.
Commissioner Herold— Believing myself
the accredited member of this board I de
sire to second the motion made by Mr.
Ham
President Kilburn— Mr. Secretary, call
the roll.
S< cretary English — Mr. President—
President Ktlburn- Mr. Becretary, I
shall have to Call you to order. In all
proceedings <>f parliamentary character
the president's name is called last.
Commissioners Harney and Herold
voted aye and President Kilburn voted
no.
President Kllbum — Then the motion to
reject Colonel Chadbourne'B credentials is
carried by a strict party vote.
Colonel Phadhourne's commission Is for
the term ending March 14. 1902. and thes^
worda are used: "Instead of Rudolph
Herold Jr., failed to qualify."
Immediately after the rejection of Col-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.L., WEDNESDAY, MARCH 29, 1899.
AT NORTH BEACH PEOPLE PRAY
IT MAY NEVER RAIN AGAIN
Houses Are Flooded
and Boats Ply on
the Streets.
THE residents of that portion of
North Beach known as Harbor
View have quit praying for rain
and are now seriously considering
the proposition of building themselves
an ark, for the waters have risen upon
the land and apparently have given
up all thought of ever receding.
The natives amuse themselves during
the day by rowing around in boats,
collecting such articles of household
furniture as will float and securing
them upon the roof. At night they are
lulled to sleep by the gentle swish of
water under their beds and the croak
ing of frogs. Morning, noon and night
the contented "quack, quack" of ducks
may be heard in front yards, where,
flowers were wont to bloom, for the.
waters from the hills have gathered
themselves together and formed a lake
between Baker and I^yon streets from
Lombard street almost to the bay.
The residents in the vicinity say that ♦
the trouble is due to bad sewerage and 2o
the filling: in of Government land west ♦
of I, yon street, and the Fair estate »8
east of Baker strept, leaving the Z.
ground between Baker and I-iyon
streets in a hole. The heavy rains c<j
♦
brought flown large quantities of
■water from the hills, for which there
was no outlet, and it naturally collect
ed on the low ground. little iitt«-ts
tinn was paid to it at first, but when
the downpour continued and the water
began to invade the houses people he
gan to think of moving out. In the
at Beach and I, yon streets Cor
nelius McAuliffe. an old man. lay sirk
The water rose to a height of
two feet in the room, and neighbors
finally brought in a boat and had him
transferred to the hospital. In a neigh
| onel Chadbourne's credentials the board
i adjourned until Tuesday next.
After the adjournment Secretary Eng
i lish courteously returned to Colonel Chad
' bourne the rejected commission.
It is understood that the attorneys of
Colonel Chadbourne will apply to the
ouirt for a writ to compel the board to
m at the applicant.
The bids which the hoard received for
repairing wharf were as fol
lows: Heaiy, Tibbitts &• Co., $69f>6; James
A. McMahon, $6620; Dundon Bridge Com
pany, $6660; Darby Laydon, $6810: Cotton
! Pros.. $6830; San Francisco Bridge Com-
I pany, $6492.
At the suggestion of Chief Kngineer
I Holmes all the hidfl were rejected on the
ground that they were excessive.
The following bids were received for
covering Fremont-street wharf:
Williams Bros., $»9f<s: J. W McKay, »W0;
rharlrs Paff, $5490; C. W. Fletcher. 17970; P.
Q Mclntyre, $10,374; Blller & Qualman. $8510:
California Brlds* Company, $8345: M. C.
I.ynrh $SS77: A. 1... Pamphell. J9IIS: Peacock &
Halllday, $7917; William A. Newsom, $6868; D
Jordan." $7700; Thomas Day's Sons. $8G99; \V.
W Anderson, $8073: Frod Miller. 18200.
On motion of Mr. HeroM, secondod by
Mr Harney, thf contract was awarded to
the lowcut bidrW, William A. Newsom,
whose figures are. $BS6B.
Wants to Be Begistrar.
Henry W. Miller. Assemblyman from
the Fortieth District in this city, is out
for the position of Registrar. He has put
in his application to the Governor and
has announced himself as prepared for an
active fight.
AMATEUR BOXING AT
THE OLYMPIC CLUB
According to Their Records Smith
Should Defeat Green on
April 7.
The Olympic Club will hold its third
Belies of fixing entertainments this even
ing, and a first-class evening's sport is
guaranteed by Leader Hammersmith.
The names of the athletes who will take
part In the boxing appeared in Sunday's
Call. It is sufficient to say that the box
ers are all in good condition and that it
is hoped a little blood caused by a glove
tap on the nose will not shock the sensi
tive feelings of some of the members who
fortunately are not engaged in fighting
insurgents near Manila. The sport will
begin at 8 o'clock sharp.
"Kid" McCoy, acting in accordance
with the advice of his physician, will
leave to. day for the mountains, where ho
will remain for several weeks, or at least
until such time as he thoroughly recu
perates. _■ : - /'••
"Billy" Smith and George Green are In
training for their twenty round bout,
which will take place under the auspices
of the National Club in ward's Pa
vilion on the evening of April 7. Smith
should certainly be. a strong favorite, in
the betting, as, barring some unforeseen
accident, he cannot fail to whip Green,
who is apparently fast on the retrograde.
Two years ago Smith was defeated by
Green in Carson, but it is a well-known
fact that Smith was not in any condition
and that he did not try very, hard to
win. Last July he met Green again in
the Lenox Athletic Club, New York, and
defeated him in a twenty-five round bout.
Last December he met Walcott in the
same club and trimmed the dusky cham
pion in twenty rounds.
San Franciscans are only too well
aware of how Walcott handled Green in
this city on August 26, 1*97. It is not
necessary to go into details, as Walcott
made a lasting impression on the local
welter-weight. Possibly Green may have
improved in the last year or so, but his
improvement must have been very mark
ed, indeed, to place him on a par with the
aggressive and hard-hitting man known
as "the Mysterious" from no particular
place on earth. _ ' ,
Orpheum and Tivoll tickets free by
buying your music, etc., at Bruenn's,
208 Post street. •
Appraiser Lunt Coming.
Appraiser I^unt of the Board of Gen
eral Appraisers at New York is expected
to arrive here to-day to make the an
nual examination Into the method of ap
praising goods at this port.
Anakesls cures Pllea. nothing else. Sam
ple free. Address Auakesls, New York. •
borinp house lives an oldorly woman
with nine dops. When the muddy
water heean to invade her yard Bhe
moved the dogs into the kitchen. The
water followed, and ?hn finally trans
ferred the yelpinp canines to her own
bed. Neighbors visited the house in a
boat and offered h<-r a place of refupe
until the cottage would become habit
able again. She refused to po, how
ever, unless she could take her prts
■with her. As no one cared to adopt a
family of dops she still stays in her
houne, although the water is nearly
COMMISSIONER
EDSON CHANGES
HIS ATTITUDE
Will Favor Fighting the Southern
Pacific Company in the
Courts.
Each Member of the Railroad Commission
Has a Different Idea as to the
Meaning of Their Recent
Resolution.
THERE is dissension among the mem-
I bers of the Railroad Commission, and
I the cause of the people may yet re
ceive that consideration which is its
due at the hands of honest and honorable
public officials.
Notwithstanding the fact that the reso
lution adopted at the last session of the
commission received the unanimous vote
of the members, it appears now that
each Commissioner has a different Idea
of the action taken at that time, and the
meeting fixed for April 10 will develop
some surprising features. Each member
of the commission will be found pulling
In a different direction instead of together
and for the railroad.
Chairman Edson believes he has a
I grievance in that he was induced to vote
j for the resolution agreeing to abandon all
I further litigation in reference to rate re
ductions, providing the commission was
allowed to put into effect an 8 per cent
reduction' on grain rates. He is In favor
of having the pending litigation with the
Southern Paciiic Company carried to a
conclusion on its merits.
Commissioner Laumeister believes that
the action of the Commissioners at their
I last meeting threw the responsibility of
' dismissing that litigation on the South
: crn Pacific Company, with all its at-
I tendant liabilities, but his views are ap
! parently not shared by •Commissioner
Blackstock, the father of the original
resolution. s •
In an interview at Los Angeles yester
day Judge Blackstock Indicated that in
! his opinion the action of the hoard bound
j the commission to. refrain from all further
; efforts at rate reduction and to abandon
I the defense of the suit brought against
the commission by the Southern Pacific
! Company.
With a view of getting light other than
i that shed by the Blackstock intelligence
on this important question Commissioner
! Edson has made application personally
to the attorneys who represented the
! Railroad Commission while the suit was
pending in the Federal Court. These gen
tlemen are ex-Attorney General Fitzger
ald, Robert Y. Hayne and W. \V. Foote.
It is understood that he asked these gen
tlemen the direct question whether they
were in favor of dismissing the pending
litigation, that he received a negative re
ply and that he has asked these gentle
men to appear before the commission on
April 10, when decisive action is expected
to be taken by the commission relative
to this litigation. His idea Is to have the
new Board of Railroad Commissioners
fully Informed on the question by those
twn feet deep on the floor.
As yet there have been no accidents
of a serious nature, but there have
boon some narrow escapes. Two little
boys were amusing themselves by float
ing around on a plank. The" plank
overturned and both of them were
thrown into about six feet of water.
Their cries attracted attention, and
two men put out in a boat and rescued
thorn.
The lowering clouds of yesterday
caused a great deal of uneasines
few more heavy showers would render
< very house in the neighborhood unin
habitable.
who have made it a close legal Btudy for
B< veral yours and who are thoroughly fa
miliar with all the ramifications of the
subject.
Chairman Edson is inclined to the opin
ion already expressed by ex-Attorney
General Fitzgerald that the litigation
should be pressed to a conclusion on its
merits, so as to have the powers of the
commission settled for all time to come.
He has arrived at the conclusion that the
only two reasons assigned by Commission
er Rlackstock for the abandonment of the
fight iv behalf of the shippers are without
weight. These are that continued litiga
tion will be a source of great expense to
the people, and that the s per cent reduc
tion on grain rates has virtually been ob
tained by means of the competition of the
Valley road, iie realizes now that the
stem ing of any particular rate reduct
tions is a mere incident in this moment
ous suit, and that the money it may cost,
even though it he $100,000, would be a mere
bagatelle compared to the advantages
that may accrue from carrying the suit
to a conclusion. He perceives now that
the real issues are far more important
and far reaching; that it is absolutely
necessary for the commission to ascertain
the financial position of the Southern I'a
ciflc Company in every detail in order to
see if the commission has the legal right
to make reductions, and that a very im
portani issue, also raised in the pending
litigation, is to have decided the vallditj
of the leases between the Southern Pa
eitic Company and its lesser lines. Chair
man Edson believes that the money ex
pended by the fnrmw commission and
the efforts of his predecessors should not
be thrown away because of a mistaken
idea of eeeonomy, because of any false
issue raised of"oecause it is the wish of
the Southern Pacific Company. lie de
clares that he does not wear a railroad
collar, and. what is more, that he does '
not propose to suffer in silence under the
suspicion that he is controlled by that
corporation.
NO INCREASE IN RATES.
Los Angeles-San Francisco Fares
Shall Not Go Higher.
LOS ANGELES. March IX— The present
Board, of Railroad Commissioners will not
consent to an Increase of passenger rates
between Los Angeles and San Francisco
should the Southern Pacific and the Santa
1"c companies unite in such a request.
Judge N. Blackstock. who is Railroad
Commissioner for this district, is in this
city. He says that no request regarding
rates had as yet been filed with the
board and he did not expect one to be
maide. Mr. Blackstock said further:
"When the coast line is in operation I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPECIALS
THIS WEEK.
ALL NEW GOODS.
44-inch FRENCH MIXED SUITINGS, In 10 &4 QQ
different shadings <pi.UU Yard
42-inch BLACK ENGLISH MOHAIR CRE- <£O ()f\
PONS, in 15 very handsome designs <p£d»\J\J *axa
FANCY TAFFETA SILKS, in Blue and White,
Black and White Checks and Fancy and HZn -.--
Plain Stripes ' °^ Yard
32-inch FINE PRINTED DIMITIES, latest color- 4Ol p
ings, New Blues, Lavender, Pinks and Green.. I^2*-' xara
LADIES' SILK MOREEN SKIRTS, in Purples, <J>C OH P— «.
Old Rose, Cardinal, Green and New Blues <pO.\J\J tactt
Doubie-Faced BLACK SATIN RIBBON (extra qual- OCp v -
ity), 3 inches in width, very high lustre LkU\j xara
LADIES' HEMSTITCHED AND INITIALED LINEN
HANDKERCHIEFS, fine sheer linen (all OC n _
letters) Each
Extra Quality CHILDREN'S AND MISSES' BLACK
HOSE, warranted Fast Black, all sizes from QCo
5 to 9% Palf
LADIES' 2 and 3 CLASP KID GLOVES, In $i f\(\
White, Black and all the leading shades. %pl»\J\J **«r
Ml, 113. 115. 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
Use the WORLD FAMOUS
Mariani Win© Tonic
Marvelous Results in Cases of
SPRING FEVER
FOR SALE AT ALI, DRUGGISTS' EVERY-
WHERE. AVOID SUBSTITUTES. Portraits
and endorsements free.
MARIANI & CO.. NEW YORK.
have an idea the Southern Pacific may
reduce rates, as that route will be shorter
than the one running up the San Joa
quin Valley. The company will not have
one rate for the coast lino and another
for the San Joaquin route.
"Our board will meet in San Francip^o
on April in. at which time all the litisa
tion which has for years been on be
tween the board and the Southern I'n
cine Company will be formally ordon-d
dismissed. The compromise offered by
the company is to be accepted. The
board has decided instead of the
proposed 8 per cent horizontal grain rate
reduction of the old board to put into
effect an 8 per cent graduated rate on
grain After a time we Intend to read
just freight rates all over the State, in
accordance with what is known as the
Western classification."
Judge Blackstock declares that the pol
icy of the present Board of Railroad
Commissioners is not to tight the South
ern Pacific Company on general princi
pals, as did the last board, but to meet
every issue as it may nri.-o.
SPECIAL AGENT TO
HAWAII IN THIS CITY
HAROLD M. SEWALL ON HIS
WAY TO WASHINGTON.
Says He Is Not Going to Press His
Claims for Appointment as Gov
ernor of the Islands.
Hon. Harold M. Sewall, who has heen
the special agent of the United States in
Hawaii ever since the latter's annoxa
tloa, was one of the passengers on the
steamer Australia which arrived yester
day. Ah soon as he came ashore Mr.
Sewall was driven hastily away in a car
riage, and this gave rise to the rumor
that he intended to leave for Washington
on the evening train. It was further
stated that he was going there to lay his
claims before President BCcKlnley for the
appointment as Governor of Hawaii. It
was subsequently learned that Mr. Sewall
went immediately to the home of his
mother-in-law, Mrs. Caroline A?he, at
2315 Sacramento street. When seen last
night he was the central figure in the
family circle and laughed heartily when
told of the rumors that had gained cur
rency owing to his hurried departure
from the vessel.
"The object of my visit here," he paid,
"is simply to visit my family whom 1 have
not seen for some time. I have oDtalned
a leave of absence for thirty days, and
will remain in this city for a week or so
and then go to my home in Maine, where
I expect to stay for ten days or more.
1 will then go to Washington, where I
will submit my report on the conditions
now prevailing- in Hawaii. Whether the
administration will formulate a plan of
government on my report or not I am un
able to say.
"I was originally In Hawaii as United
Stairs Minister, hut as we are now under
onft lla,g my diplomatic functions < ■•
and I became simply a representative of
the United States* in the endeavor to con
tinue our relations with the Hawaiian
Government. I will make a report on a
variety ot BUbjects, hut their nature I
cannot disclose as they are manifestly
Government property. } shall probably
return to the islands in May.
"As to my mission to Washington being
in the interest of my candidacy for the
Governorship of Hawaii. I must say that
this Is the first time I have heard of if.
I will say, however, for the edification of
the one who started the rumor. that it is
possible I may not go to Washington at
all, preferring to send my written reports
to the department. It would be ill
advised on my part to discuss the ques
tion, since it is a matter largely to be de
termined by President McKln'ley. That
President Dole is a rival for the place is
000000000000000000
2w PALACE *xpS
o SAN FRANCISCO. ■■;'■'}%
Conneoted by a covered passageway. "
® 1400 Room?— wi h Bath Attached. O
O All Under One Management. O
0 NOTE THE PBIOES: O
0 EuropeanPlan.Bl.oo par day and upward 0
n American Plan. sS.OO per day and upward —
" Correspondence Solicited. . VI
0 JOHN 0. KIBKPATBICS. «*a»g«E. O
000000000000000000
another surprise to me, as I really did not
know that either of. us was after it."
Mr. Sewall is a son of Arthur Sewall,
who was defeated fnr Vice President on
the Bryan ticket at the last election. Al
though he would not discuss his chances
for the Governorship of Hawaii, it is gen
erally believed that he stands well with
the administration. His great knowledge
of Island affairs will he. largely instru
mental in gaining for him the coveted
position, and added to this he is an en
thusiast on the subject of annexation and
his appointment is regarded as almost a
certainty.
Artists' materials, house and floor paints
and fine bath enamels cheap at Sanborn
& Vails. *
Slipped From a Car.
A. Ash, an aped man residing: on Potr*
ro avenue, slipped irom car No. 565, of
the Ellis and 6'Farrpll street line, yes
trrday and badly Injured his side. The
car had stopped at the Golden Gate Park
entrance and the old man, while at
tempting to alight, slipped from the lnw
rr step and struck on his side. He was
taken In BL Mary's Hospital, where it
was found that his Injury, though pain
ful, wns not serious.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 1 No Pay Till Cured
DR. MEYERS & CO. HAVE CURED
and restored thousands of cases or
nervous debility and contracted ailments
which were abandoned as being past all
earthly aid by other leading physicians.
Dr. Meyers & Co. have the largest prac-
tice and the best equipped medical Insti-
tution In America. Every member of the
staff is a graduate from the best medlrai
colleges in the world. They offer you
half a lifetime of practical experience.
Advice and private book free at
office or by mail.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
731 Market St., S»n Frinoisoo. .
ill ■
DB.PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL-. ' .;
FOR THE . _* .r
BLOOPJJ VER - LL " *
NEW WESTERN HOTEL. -
I/PARN v AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
X F mod£ed and renovated. KING, WARD
CO European plan. Rooms. 60c to $1 50 day;
« to SS week; *3 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire grates in ever*
, room- elevator runs all nlghu . .
room. « .: . t -:♦•_.