VOLUME LXXXV.-KO. 33.
GUBERNATORIAL THREATS TO
HELP BURNS' CANDIDACY
PATRONAGE DISTRIBUTED
IN ASSEMBLY CAUCUS
Judge Dibble Was Honored With the Chair
manship of the Meeting.
Major Kyle Came Near Losing His Chances
Through Lack of a Sponsor to Advance
His Claims.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. sacra
, MENTO, Jan. I.— The temptation to go
after the big sum of 000.000 now
' stored In the State treasury is hard
for the lawmaker to resist. The first
■ dash for the coin was made in the As
sembly caucus to-night in behalf of the
State printing office. The caucus was
quickly organized by the election of
"• Henry C. Dibble permanent chairman.
The fact that he had no opposition'
' lends color to the statement .that the |
■ Republicans are will!- at the outset
to endow him with the laurels of lead
ership in the Assembly.
Immediately after the caucus organ
•. Jzed a motion was made .hat the As
sembly pass under suspension of the
rules and the previous question a meas
ure appropriating a Bum in excess of
, a quarter of a million dollars to open
the State printing office. The magni
tude .of the proposed appropriation
startled the conservative legislators,
"who are not familiar with the coin ab
sorbing peculiarities of this particular
State institution. The proposition met
.*vlth resistance at once and the dis
• cussi. a which ensued was animated
. .A-4d"'pofnted.-.' Grove ', inns •'. proposer!
&c large allowance and supported his
motion with tact and eloquence.
The caucus was not carried away.
5 however, by his arguments, and BO a
compromise measure was suggested,
which provided an immediate allow- ;
ance of $100,000 for '} c printing office. |
• A -ill. therefore, sanctioned by the Re- j
publican Assembly and appropriating]
.this Bum of money, will probably be
the first measure to pass the Legisla
. ture and go to Governor Gage for his
' approval. The supporters of the larger j
Bum contented themselves with the re
flection that $100,000 would last the
State Printer a little while. When this
amount vanishes another reach will be
made. Fearing that the taxpayers
might become alarmed at a succession
of reaches, the friends of State Printer ,
Johnston adv. .cat th ■ policy of giv
ing all the money that he figured as
necessary in one big chunk.
The caucus wrestled awhile with the
patronage question. The list was too
big for one night's work, so after nam
ing Howard E. Wright for Speaker
and Alden Anderson of Solano • for j
Speaker pro tern, a committee of five j
was elected to recommend a proper dis- '
tribution of the remaining loaves and j
, fishes. Everybody, of course, wanted
to serve on this committee, and at least
fifteen members were voted for. .The
five candidates receiving the highest
number of votes were Howard Wright
of Alameda. M. K. Arrenoh, Santa
Ciara; A. S. Crowder, San Diego; W. H.
■ • obb. San Francisco; and W. B. Lard
ner, Placer. •■-."•
A steering committee was appointed
to r<~>ur.d up the Republican Assembly- j
• men on momentous occasions. The I
cnucus elects H. <". Dibble, San Fran- ;
Cisco (chairman'). Owen Wade" of Xapa ■
and L. H. Valentine of Los Angeles, i
The resolution directs that any two
members of the committee may call a i
caucus whenever in their judgment aj
caucus is necessary. !
Forty-five Assemblymen attended the i
caucus to-night. The man at the door j
counted less than this number, but a
tally of the vote on the flection of a
patronage committee recorded the pres
ence of : forty-five. There might have ;
been some repeat Ars. but if so they were
not discovered. The sense of the caucus
was in favor of meeting. and nroceeding
to organization to-morrow. The caucus
adjourned until 9:30 a. m. to-morrow. I
DISTRIBUTION OF PUJMS
BY THE ASSEMBLYMEN
Major Kyle Came Near Being Lost
in the Shuffle for Want of '
a Sponsor.
." cam; headquarters, sacra-
MENTO. .Tnn. I.— The committee of five
appointed by this evening's Republican \
/Assembly caucus, Speaker Wright and :
Assemblymen Cobb. Arnerlch, Crowder j
;- find L,ardner. did not come to an agree- i
ment upon the question of patronage until i
some time after r- Inlght and then after \
. «l" session of. some warmth. A difference
generated earlier In the evening between
the San Francisco delegation and the
. •country members developed later Into a.
row of ample proportions. m
. It all hinged on the election of Major
Kyle as Chief Clerk of the Assembly..
Kyle has been all the time the only, can
didate in the field .for, the position." His
election whs considered certain until last
evening when his. name came up on cau
cus. He had plenty of votes and to spare,
but no one was willing to stand the ex
pense of his appointment/
The San Francisco delegation was al
: ready charged with etf -Senator Bank's
lob as sergeant at arms and did not want
Kyle's place charged to its patronage
account. •, It proposed on the contrary
that it be divided -pro* rata ' among the
country members.
'jine out-6f-town votes refused to con
sider any such proposition for a minute
■ and the Ran Franciscans were held to ac
count. They as quickly declined to stand
for the position and for an hour or so
Kyle was without sponsors in either fac
tion and the place he is after was open
to any one.
After the committee had struggled with
the problem for the better part of. Its
The San Francisco Call.
session the matter was settled by As
semblyman Cobb, who, on behalf of the
San Francisco delegation, finaJly agreed
that Kyle should be charged against its
account.
The distribution of patronage was
settled on a basis of $4 per day to each
member and it is expected that this plan
will be ratified to-morrow when the cau
cus is continued. It was decided by the
committee that Major C. \V. Kyle "shall
be chief clerk. W. O. Banks sergeant-at
arms and R. O. TVickham minute clerk.
PLTTMS THAT WILL, DROP.
Sixty-Seven Places to Be Given Out
to the Faithful.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. I.— Although the patronage
of the Assembly was greatly curtailed by
the Belshaw bill, passed two years ago,
there are still sixty-seven clerkships to be
given out, some of which carry comfort
able salaries for persons in search of
jobs. There are three places, chief clerk,
minute clerk and sergeant-at-arms, that
are elective— that Is, chosen by the entire
house. The others are divided up among
the members, their selections being ac
cepted without question. There are six
ty-seven of those positions as follows, the
j salary for each being also given:
Three assistants to the chief clerk at $6 !
I per diem; or- assistant ~<-r?-' ant-at-aru'"T
at $5; one bookkeeper at $5; two assist
ant minute clerks at $6: one journal clerk
at $8; one assistant at $5; one engrossing
and enrolling clerk at $6; one assistant, $5;
two assistants for thirty days, $5; bill
| filers, $4; one chaplain. $1; one postmaster,
; $4; one assistant, $4: mail carrier. $3; one i
! page to Speaker, $2 50: three gate-keepers.
$3 each; one doorkeeper, $3; one gallery
doorkeeper, $3; one messenger to post
i master. $3; one history clerk., $6; one bill
clerk. $4; two assistants,- $4 each; twenty
committee clerks, $4 each; six stenograph
ers, $5 each.
THE MINORITY
GETTING READY
J. B. Sanford of Ukiah Will Guide
the Democrats in the
Assembly.
CAM. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. I.— Assemblyman J. B. San
ford of Vkiah is to be chairman of the
minority in the lower house of the Legis
lature. This was practically decided on
to-night at an informal caucus of the
Democratic members of the Assembly.
ft was also agreed that a caucus of the
minority in the lower house is to be held
to-morrow at 10 o'clock, at which meeting
selections will be made for Speaker and
Speaker pro tern. For me first named
plnce a majority of thop^ who will at
tend the caucus are fn favor of Assembly
man Caminetti. as he is conceded to be
one of the most experienced members in
th» Assembly and is therefore entitled to
the complimentary vote of the minority.
Mr. «'aminettl has not yet arrived here
and his wishes In the matter have not
been consulted. Tf it should transpire that
he would decline to be complimented by
the members of hlfl party William Meade
of I. os Angeles will be put forward m^
lUCU9 nominee for Speaker. This
is Mr. Meade'a second term in the Legte
THE CALL HEADQUARTERS AT SACRAMENTO.
General View of the Room Where the Most Complete Newspaper Staff of Writers and Artists at the
State Capital Is Working.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, JANUARY 2, 1899.
lature and his public record is of the best.
In case Caminetti should consent to stand
as the minority nominee for Speaker,
Meade will receive the caucus nomination
for Speaker pro tern.
It Is not expected that any business will
be done by the Democratic caucus aside
from that connected with the selection of
a caucus chairman and a definite agree
ment as to w-ho shall receive the compli
mentary vote for Speaker and Speaker
pro tern.
Assemblymen Sanford was a member of
the last Assembly and is well liked by
Republicans as well as those of his own
party. The fact that he has been selected
JUDGE HENRY C. DIBBLE.
Chosen to Preside Over the Deliberations of the
Republican Assemblymen.
BUSINESS BEGINS TUESDAY.
<
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRAMENTO, Jan. \
i- — Howard Wright, Speaker of the Assembly, when seen ■
this evening after the Republican caucus had adjourned to \
to-morrow, said:
"We will have completed organization by to-morrow
afternoon and will be ready for business Tuesday morning.
Committees were appointed this evening to group every
item of to-morrow's work so that they can all be taken up
and quickly disposed of. Of course, the question of pat
ronage is one of the most important yet to be settled, but as j
you know a committee is considering its distribution at the
present time and will doubtless report a satisfactory arrange- \
ment to-morrow."
| to guide the destinies of the minority dur
i ing the present session is generally looked
i upon as a well merited compliment to his
; untiring devotion to party interests.
SENATORS WILL CAUCUS TO-DAY
Will Discuss a Plan to Distribute
Patronage.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. I.— The Republican Sena
tors will hold a caucus at 9:30 o'clock to
morrow morning in the Supreme Court
rooms. The object of the conference is
' to decide upon some system for the dis
| tribution of the patronage and outline a
j plan whereby the State Printing Office
i can be opened. Under the Belshaw law
i the Senators have fifty statutory places
j to distribute and it is expected that thero
will bo quite a wrangle over them. In
the event they are not all selected at the
first session of the caucus an adjournment
will be taken and the officers elected at
| the initiatory session will be sworn. To
■ this extent an organization will be per
| fected to-morrow, but no business will be
. transacted by the Senate until all the
j statutory officers are chosen.
SENATORIAL ORGANIZATION
MAY BE DELAYED
Members of the Upper Branch of the
Legislature Think They Need
More Time.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. I.— As to whether or not
the Senate will perfect Its organization
to-morrow there seems to be some consid
erable difference of opinion. Senator Bulla
would like to see the organization com
pleted and the upper branch of the Legis
lature down to business, but he hardly
thinks that it can be done unless an even
ing session is held. Senator Morehouse
thinks that it can and will be done. Sen
ator Smith thinks that it is Impossible.
He says that there are fifty statutory
offices to be filled and that it will take
the Senate caucus longer than three hours
to dispose of this patronage. Senator
Luchsingcr thinks organization to-morrow
is assured and states that he has inter
viewed a number of his Senatorial col
leagues, who are of the same opinion.
"My idea is that we will have to move ■
pretty fast in order to complete the or
ganization to-morrow," said Senator
Bulla in discussing the proposition. "We
are compelled to fill all of the statutory
offices, and these propositions involving
patronage have always proved very vex
atious. I think that if It is possible for
us to complete the organization to-mor
row by holding a night session we should
do so."
"Why, I see no reason why we should
not complete the organization of the
Senate to-morrow," said Senator More
house. "The Assembly caucus finished
its business in three hours and we ought
to be able to do likewise. There is no
reason for any delay, and why we should
consume more time than the Assembly
has Is something I cannot understand."
GOVERNOR-ELECT GAGE
IN THE SENATORIAL FIGHT
Using Patronage as a Club to Help Friend
Burns Get the Place,
The Threat of Political Ostracism Held Over the
Heads of Those Who. Are Against the
Man From Mexico.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 1. — Governor-elect Henry
T. Gage has arrayed himself on the
the side of those who are supporting:
the Senatorial candidacy of Colonel
Dan Burns. If the power that is his
because of the fact that he will, in a
few days, be the Governor of the State
can bring about Burns' election, then
Burns will be the next United States
Senator.
It has all along been contended that
Gage would keep his hands off the Sen
atorial contest and leave the field open
for all contestants. This belief was
borne out by the fact that Gage him
self has declared that he would in no
way attempt to interfere with the
chances of any candidate for the place.
To do so would be violating a trust im
posed in him by the epople who elected
him, it being presumed that he would
not and could not, in honor, make use
of the patronage at his disposal to in
fluence the votes of legislators in the
interest of one particular candidate.
Now that Gasre has joined hands with
Burnt., the Southern Pacific Company's
candidate for Senator, there is good
reason for belief that the patronage
under control of the Chief Executive
will be used to force reluctant legisla
tors into line for Burns. The threat
of political ostracism, so far as the ,
matter of distribution of patronage
goes, is now being held over the heads
of every member of the Republican ma
jority who have expressed a preference
for any man except Burns. Those who
have expressed no preference one way
or the other are being beaten with the
same club.
Yesterday Gage left Sacramentto, It
being announced that he was going to
Los Angeles to spend New Year's day
with his family and that he would re
turn here to-morrow. Instead of go
ing to Los Angeles Mr. Gage went di
rect to San Francisco for the purpose
of holding a conference with Burns.
The conference was held at the Palace
Hotel Saturday afternoon.
Gage's political attitude has caused
much indignation among Republicans
who are asembled here, particularly
those who have been threatened with a
loss of patronage unless they used their
votes and their influence to secure'
Burns' election. Colonel Burns did not
arrive in Sacramento until this after
noon, but his lieutenants have been
busy all day button-holing legislators
and handing out the threat that "all
the fellows that expect to get a political
job for themselves or their friends had
better fall in behind the' band wagon,
or thpy will get nipped by the frost."
In the absence of Burns this talk had
no effect except to cause some show of
uneasiness on the part of the more
timid of the new members who are
more or less new at the political game.
Now that Burns is on the ground him
self, it remains to be seen how far he
will decide to use the power he has as
sumed, but which he does not possess
in spite of assurances that have been
given him by Governor-elect Gage.
Promises of patronage are easily
made and as easily broken, and Mr.
Gage will no doubt find it impracticable
to ignore the claims of men who have
worked for the interest of the party
and who made it possible for Gage to
be elected. To judge from the talk that
is being heard on every side to-day it
is more than probable that the new
Governor will be made to suffer before
the end of the session unless he sees
fit to take a more moderate view of his
own worth and give some consideration
to the claims of other members of his
party.
It is announced to-night by Gage's
friends that if the Senatorial situation
reaches a stage where It will be a Ques
tion of either Burns or Grant, then
Gage will come out openly for Burns,
the railroad's candidate.
A SHOCK IN STORE
FOR BURNS BOOMERS
Nothing lake a Walk-Over for the
Man From Mexico, and Indications
of a Prolonged Contest.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. I.— When the show down
of positive strength comes the Burns
boosters and boomers may receive a
shock of disappointment. General
talks with members of the Legislature
produce the impression that Colonel
Burns cannot come anyway near the
work of rounding up a sufficient num
ber of legislators to capture the Sena
torial prize.
The surprise of the situation is the
calm and confident assurance of the
PEICE FIVE CENTS.
Grant men. They make claims of
strength and mention, with or without
authority, the names of Senators and
Assemblymen, who are listed as sup
porters of San Diego's favorite son.
They assert that Senator Maggard of
Tehama sympathizes with the aspira
tions of Grant, and inquiry discloses the
fact that Dr. Maggard does entertain
a high regard for the young aspirant.
The sympathy is said to extend to the
Santa Cruz delegation, and even to the
Senator from Siskiyou.
The Burns adherents content them
selves with maintaining an air of pro
found mystery. Delegations are not
openly claimed and names are not
given. It strikes the touts as a good
idea to convey to the unsophisticated
"Jays" the notion that the ••Colonel's"
consent to become an out and out can
didate is all that is nerressary to dis
solve sympathy for other aspirants and
send the Republicans In a body to
Dan's camp.
Stalwart Republicans like Senator
Rowell, Luchsinger, Smith and Simp
son do not fancy that any candidate Is
going to run away with the Senator
ship on the first bound. Owen Wade
of Napa, a veteran of one war and
several Legislatures, is inclined to the
opinion that there will be a strusrsrle.
He is not sure that the Republican
members care to go into caucus on the
Senatorship.
There was some talk to-day of an im
mediate joint caucus of the Senate and
Assembly Republicans, but after re
flection it was decided toy the promot
ers of the wish that it would be folly
to call a joint caucus l*»fore either
house was organised. The fourteen
Democratic Senators may cut a more
important figure in the contest than
the candidates expect. For example.
Senator Larue of Napa is not at all
sure that he will go into caucus and
.bind himself with pledges to support a
candidate .of his own political faith. He
may exercise the privilege of casting a
vote for Senator on higher grounds
than* party policy. Democratic Assem
blymen are just as independent as the
Senators of that party. There is no one
here to wield the party lash and no
one is expected, hence the Democrats
will follow the dictates of conscience.
GOVERNOR BUDD
AT THE CAPITAL
The Executive Preparing to Turn His
Office Over to His Suc
cessor.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. I.— Governor James H.
Budd arrived at the capital to-night. H«
was accompanied hy his private secretary,
Peter J. Shields. The Governor stated
that he had completed his final message
and that it was in the hands of the
printer. It is his intention to remain in
his office to-morrow and announce his
final appointments. The Governor will
devote the next few days to winding up
the affairs of his administration prepara
tory to handing over hia official tide to
Governor-elect Gage. -.2
MAKING OF A SENATOR
A VERY SERIOUS AFFAIR
Politicians of AH Grades and Conditions
Are Hard at Work for Their
Friends.
The Lobby of the Golden Eagle a Field for the
Study of Human Nature as Repre
sented by Our Law-
Makers.
BY HENRY JAMES.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. I.— Doubtless I
the making of a Senator is a very ;
serious affair. At least it is of sufficient ;
import to i-~'<e some people forget that !
to-day is Sunday, the first of 1899, and j
to ignore the pleasing fact that the rain !
i« falling steadily.
: To-night the lobby of the Golden ;
? Eagle Hotel is full. If some of the po- ;
litical aggregation there is also full,
'■ibis is a delicate matter, and one not i
t<. be discussed here. Of course the
principal interest hinges on the Sena
torial light. There are several, aspi
rants here and each has a following.
While they all profess confidence, it is
noticeable that each is anxious to ' -• \v
what the others are doing. Grant is on
the ground, having teen preceded by
the ever-faithful Milton Green, who
proclaims that the man from the south
cannot lose. Nevertheless, there can be
noticed in his demeanor an air that is
not free from anxiety. He professes an
abiding faith', but the faith refuses to
abide.
When General Barnes arrived he had
hard work to handshake his way
through the crowd. Nobody was slight
ed. He had a glad flipper for every
body. Even 'Long John," the colored
gentleman known about the racetracks
of San Francisco, was on the list. In
fact the general shook hands with
everybody. Those he knew he greeted
by name. Those, he did not know he
smiled at, looking wise, as though to
*ay, "My dear fellow, we are such old
acquaintances that there is no use of
going into details."
There are partisans of Burns here,
and partisans of everybody else w : ho
has been mentioned to succeed Senator
. White, but they are all in the dark
and groping for information. They
eagerly watch the tide of public opin
ion and catch at the straws afloat on
the surface. It is an assured fact that
Burns is not to have the walkover UDon
, which he has calculated. The oppo
sition may be scattered, but it is op
position Just the same.
To gather a definite idea from con
versation with the crowd is a useless
effort. On minor matters there, is no
disagreement. There has' been no dif
• ficulty in selecting the officials of the
■ two houses, but as to the great ques
!. tion the Senatorship there are as
; "many opinions as there are vests being
polished against the Golden Eagle bar.
;°' Sig Bettman is here outspoken .for
Burns. So is Leon Dennery. but the
trouble with Dennery is that the other
'. fellow got elected and he must depend
on a majority to overturn the will of
'the people. There may be no good rea
■ eon why Ashe should have been elected
except that he ran against Dennery,
■ who is a Burns creature, and possibly
the simple fact that Ashe was elected
will not be permitted to stand in the
way of Dennery's taking a seat: Hap
pily he cannot get there in time to
vote for his master, in which circum
stance there is a grain of comfort.
. Dennery is circulating this evening,
asserting freely that he is to be Sena
tor from the Twenty-fourth District.
Ashe is also circulating, and while he
does not talk so much nor so loudly. j
exhibits a decent faith that the fact of I
his having received more votes than |
the Burns valet will be recognized. Of j
course, a decision in the matter is a
question for the future.
"To the unbiased observer the crowd J
now on hand is a puzzle. Of course
there are Senators and represetatives
from all quarters, but they do not seem
to know where they stand. They are
"looking for light. Perhaps they are :
finding it. There are politicians who
think light is of the best quality if it is
yellow in ■ color nnd bears the image of
the American eagle. A scrutiny of the
mob discovers that there are some poli
ticians of this variety here. All this
j«in }obj .>qj turn uonoauuoD on smj
General Barnes has entered seriously
into the arena. He has opened head
quarters anil announces that he Is in
the fight to stay, whereat the Burns
men and the Grant men and the Bulla
men do not seem happy. Yet, as they
profess to believe that Barnes has not
. .i , ghost of a show their discomfiture
seems hard to explain. For the nonce
readers have the privilege of euPßsip**.
" The revelations of the near future will
! 'determine the issue. Some there are
I .who believe that a man as yet scarcely
. mentioned will bo the choice. Be this
as it 'may, the coming of Burns did not
create a furore. If he has things all his
'- own ' way ; there was. nothing In the
"^character of- Mis reception to proclaim
it' Even -Grant, , who does not • win
■ friends readily, found more ' ready to
greet him than awaited the colonel
, from San Francisco with all the glory
of having escaped three jails tolerably
fresh upon him.
GOSSIP OF LOBBIES
AND THE MEMBERS
Country Members Find Pleasure Dis
cussing Bain and Crops, While
Others Talk Politics.
feALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. I.— The hotel offices, lob-
Mff and bars have proven the most invit
ing places in town to-day to the Senators,
Assemblymen, place-hunters and mem
bers of the third house. The lower floors
of the big hotels have been congested all
day, but little if anything has been ac
complished In the way of formulating leg
islation or straightening out the chaotic
condition of the Senatorial contest.
In fart, the San Francisco contingent
appeared to be about the only ones who
s.-omed to derive any real pleasure in dis
cussing the political situation. The coun
try members, whether from the moun
tain? or valleys, were much more deeply
engrossed in the rain, which has fallen
with scarcely a minute's Intermission all
day. They seemed almost to strive to
count th<- drops. Anxious inquiries went
up all day as to whether the downpour
extended to all parts of the State. Mines,
wheat l»clds, orchards and vineyards were
vastly more interesting topics of con
versation than the prospects of this or
that candidate for Senator or the passage
f.f some measure. Miners talked Jubi
lantly of full ditches, speedy resumption
of v.-ork in the mines and heavy snowfalls
in the mountains insuring plenty of water
for late summer operations. Residents of
tli£ lowlands discoursed on reviving crops
and trees, heavy yields and the prospects
of fair prices for their products when
they reached the markets.
One of the most active politicians
around the Golden Eagle was Rev.
Charles F. Oehler, who vu chaplain of
the last Assembly, and is anxious to draw
down the accompanying $5 per diem
again for offering up prayers for the spir
itual guidance of that body.
Senator Thomas Flint Jr. will be re
elected President pro tern. of the Senate
He is a candidate for the position, and
nobody else seems to care to enter the
lists against him.
R. Q. Wiekham, who has served as
minute clerk of the Assembly for two
FIRST IN THE FIELD.
SENATOR BULLA'S HEADQUARTERS
► CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, Jan. L— At the Bulla headquarters during the day the Senator himself j
» was present almost all the time. Assemblymen L. H. Valentine and N. P. Conrey of Los Angeles assisted in receiving X ■
p callers, and they were decidedly numerous. . T
Senator Bulla is not at all discouraged over the trend Senatorial matters are taking, although he very frankly ad- ♦ I
+ mlts that on the first ballot, in his judgment, he will not have as many votes as either Mr. Grant or Dan Burns. ♦
<$ The Bulla leaders still Insist that they have twenty-two votes, but now say that this maximum strength will come f
♦ to them on the second ballot. On the first ballot they count on thirteen votes and assert that they will obtain them
from the following sources:
Assemblymen MelUck, Huber, Miller, Valentine, Conrey, Belshaw, McDonald of Alameda Knight Dunlap Sen- %
+ ators Smith, Currier and Simpson. ' +
Assemblyman Valentine of Los Ange'es County, who is leading the Bulla contest, in an interview this after- $
£ noon reviews the situation as follows: -f
-4 "We certainly consider that Senator Bulla has a bright prospect of winning this contest and we never intend to %
,s> give up. We will continue to carry on the battle, to the end of the struggle. Our judgment tells us that Bulla is the X
♦ coming man, and the only thing that will convince us to the contrary is the election of some other man "When that T"
♦ takes place then Bulla will be out of the fight." " f
♦ There is a very friendly feeling existing between the Grant and the Bulla men from Southern California and no 7
T bitterness is yet apparent among any of them. One thing Is certain and that is that when the Los Angeles members do X
leave Bulla the greater portion of the vote will go to Grant, unless something arises to materially change the situation <£>
+ There is some doubt ms to what Senator Currier and Assemblyman Valentine will do and they refuse to give any In- +
♦ formation at tins juncture that will tend to forecast their action. But as to the other Los Angeles members they virtu- t
♦ ally admit a most friendly feeling for Grant in the event of their inability to make Bulla winner. $
■. + . «. . 4. . «. .: 4. 4 . 4. 4 . «. .4. . 4 .4 . 4 .4 : 4 , ; 4 ...
sessions, is seeking that position again, '
with every prospect of- success.
Assemblyman Walter Clark of Moun
tain View is one of the few northern
members who has declared in favor of
Grant. He will support the San Diegan
while he thinks he has any chance.
Senator Frank Leavitt of Oakland has
established cordial relations with every
member of either house who has arrived.
Leavltt promises to be one of the most
popular men in the Legislature.. Leavitt
comes to the capital armed with a bill
asking: for an appropriation to be used
in improving Oakland's' harbor. The bill
provides , for, the appointment of a com
mission to supervise the important work.
Alameda County's delegation is in sym
pathy with the bill. ;.f
There has been a hot battle between
Assemblyman Dibble and Assemblyman
Grove L. Johnson for "the Republican
leadership :oh the. floor of the .Assembly,
but Dibble's election as caucus chairman
to-night puts him In the position of prob
able leader of- the ; Assembly.
H. \Y. Chynoweth, Orange County's
representative .in,: the Assembly, arrived
.here last -Tuesday.. .He attained promi
nence two years ago while acting as at
torney for the Assembly in the Investiga
tions of the stuffing of the roll of tempo
rary attaches Mr. Chynoweth purposes
to offer a bill during the session to re
tn^Jli^h a , n . f ], mo n r 'P""^. He intends
to model the bill ' along the line? of the
New Tor-k statute, which has been declar
ed constitutional. "
"William McDonald,- school , /teacher
farmer and one of Alameda County^ As
semblymen-, ( will probably be th -bfg
man of the lower house. physically.' He
Is a genial man and makes many ; friends
, I shall devote my time ; and '"enfeHry >:
he said, "to -obtaining- a new primary Taw'
for, the State and the establishment of
good roads in my county. My const 1
ents. are greatly Interested in both mat
ters and I shall carry out their wishes." t
Assemblyman O.K. Huber will be again
seen on the floor. His reappearance, after
an absence of one term,, will- be hailed
With pleasure by many Legislators. Hu
ber stated to-day that he hoped the Sena
torial battle would be concluded in short
order as it would be for the best interests
of the State. He feared a, prolonged
struggle would retard legislation. ,-
GEN. BARNES ACTIVELY
IN THE SENATORIAL FIELD
The Old War Horse Opens His Head
quarters and Meets His
Friends.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 2, 1899.
MEMO, Jan. I.— General'" W. H. L. Barnes
came up on to-night's train and went di
rect to his headquarters, parlors 3 and 4,
Golden Eagle Hotel, where he held an in
formal reception until a late hour. Men
who are avowed adherents of other candi
dates for the Senatorship attested to the
general's popularity by crowding into his |
rooms, anxious to extend to him the com
pliments of the season, at least. But there
were those who unhesitatingly pledged j
their support to General Barnes, promis- j
ing to stand by him to tfie last. General j
Barnes had a pleasant word and a cordial ;
handshake for everybody, and apparently !
was the least interested In the big fight
of any man present.
"I am in this little affair to the last," !
the general said to The Call. "Nailed, you j
might say, but whether to a cross remains |
to be seen. My name was first mentioned j
In connection with the Senatorship in a
peculiar manner, and l.paid no atten
tion to it until I began to receive letters
from friends throughout the State con- :
gratulating me on my candidacy and ex- j
pressing their heartiest -wishes for my j
success. I never before sought an office, ,
although I have devoted the best years
Of my life and spent thousands of dollars
to promote the welfare of the Republican
party.
"Now that I am in the fight I intend to
remain in it just as long as I have any :
show. 1 will not tire my friends out, but
as long as there is an honest fightin?
chance for me I shall remain right here
on the field. When I am convinced that I !
am not In it, I will return home.
"And I want to say right here that I do j
not believe any man has this fight won
yet. I consider the field is still open to i
all. In any event I hope the matter will
be decided soon, for I feel that a long
drawn-out contest would be detrimental i
to the party. Whoever is elected it is my
fervent wish that with his election all ;
strife shall end and perfect harmony be j
restored in the party.
"I look for Mr. Burns, who came up on \
the train with me to-night, to definitely
announce his candidacy to-morrow and i
begin an open fight for the honor, but as '
I said before, I believe the fight is still !
an open one. As to where I look for \
support, or how strong my support is. I i
cannot say. It is only natural that the;
south should have her own candidates,
but if either of them or any others should
drop out, I think I would receive some
of their support,, at least. I have not
figured up the situation as carefully, I
suppose, as some of the other candidates
have done, for strange as it may seem, I
am only a novice at campaigning. By ,
this I jnean for myself and it is vastly
different from handling a fight for some- '
body else.
"In conclusion I can only say that if I
should be elected I would go to Washing- J
ton entirely untrammeled and prepared to ;
devote every energy to advancing the ;
welfare of the State, for I owe no alle- j
| glance to any corporation or individual. ;
I There is one thing I would do were I i
. '-■ \ ADVERTISEMENTS. ;\ _ _■_ \_ _..__ '; ,:
* 36-inch OTTIS 36-inch
Bleached Fruit \J \J XL Bleached
of the Loom Lonsdale
Muslin X A "VTTT A T^T^ Muslin
Yard. 1 JAJNUAKY 6c Yard.
CLEARANCE SALE
BEGINS TO-MORROW, TUESDAY, JANUARY 3.
Our intention is to make this sale an unprecedented one as to the quality of merchandise
offered and as to the extraordinarily low prices quoted. Each and.c very-department will be
represented by bargains which have heretofore never been equaled. Our last year's record
will insure this year's success. Below we quote only a few of the many bargains offered.
PPT7ATI7QIT CIV fViilHTnan'c 50 floz. Children's Flan- Dnmpctip 200 pieces of Flannel--
l7lvuA'l.£iOl Ur UnilUren S ne leu e Gowns. Mother A'UllltJbllO ttes in stripes and
Cnxxmc! Hubbard style, double |)««f " checks; light and me- ,
CUT IT AT7I7I7"DTIVTPC! « OW "S. yoke back and front, iyc j Jt -* dium colorings; ..*
SILK UrrljltlJNljO. turndown collar, heavy flannel- f%f gOOd heavy quality for ladies' P o
11J1V Viimviuwwi ette a from 6 t 12 galQ nr« gown? and skirts. Regular price HP
price.. Jjll lOc - Sale price lard WU
Silk Dept.. 2000 yds of extra Inks Ladies' Gowns 12 , doz - ad 'f s> '
ollK uepi. itv Swiss Taffeta silks TadiP*; finwn«; ' , doz - Ladi^ s
in ri the new shades^ of Turquoise Gown.. Mother HuSbVrd^SlVdolbiS Flannelettes. 100 pieces FlaS^ ;
Cerisse Cardinal, ScanJet. Royal, Nan', Gowns Mother Hubbard style, double P lanneieiieS. wrapper Flan-
Heliotrope, Purple, £mer- ■■ •■ j *" oke , back , and front, large ft A nelettes in dark colorings, In Per-
ald Greens and Browns, k # Ift turndown collar, full oS inches Llin sla^ stripes and small figures; T-,
full 20 inches wide. Sale .if 01. long, in neat stripes, plain 111 3E. .choice designs. Regular price 10c. HP.
p r i ce ; ....Yard W I 4V shades, sale price WVW Sale price Yard wU
ri ni , Cillrc • 1800 yds of rich 25 doz. Ladies' Flannelette Gowns, r»g- _
rauCy OllKb. Brocaded Silks in ular value $1 25. sale price Ssc. •-,- : , :•
medium and dark colorings; pa — • _ • • PillntX/ 100 dozen Hemmed Pillow-
all pure silk; good quality. Kiln SlHrtQ 25 doz - Ladies' Flannelette JTIIIUW caseSi made of good qual-
Sale price .1 11. °* vli L& * skirts, with a deep Spanish p QCOC ity muslin; size 45 if\
Yard WWW flounce, in heavy quality striped f|p_ vctooa. xSShi. Regul ar I lift
flannelette, in very pretty col- I K fl value 15c. Sale price I 111.
Pioirl Qillrc 1 800 >' ds of Fancy ors, sale price /■lll lUU
riaia OIIKS. Taffeta Silks . in &UU
plaids, checks and stripes; ft ■- . • ■ •
extra good quality: regular U|% ft pV,i|rl on' c 60 doz. • Children s
value from $150 to $125. Sale nil- l - (|11IUI & Fleece Lined Ribbed c l»««*«'50 dozon Ready-made
Price.. Yard UUU TJndePWear ShirtS Wi i Pan^ °° d S " eet S. Hemmed "sheets
Silk Waist ""T s lk <?£& nlcel >- , finished - 1 * ORp y dr5 1 1 e .SS5ire t Sf II .S A7\t%
Olltt. VVaiOL Lengths in Excel- sale price /Jli 81x90. Regular value 57>»c. iL I 01.
Tpnp-thS lent Styles; plaids, 28 to 30, 30c; 32 to 34, 35c. £.WW sale price T I ZU
AjCllg tllia* stripes and checks
and brocades; ranging from AA £}fi y _ j« a _> Vac+c 65 doz. Ladies' .
4ydto iVi yd lengths; worth ¥ 1 ],[)[} JUUUieS VeSLS. wool Mixed Vests
$4 25 and $4 50. Sale price.. -IJ/ and Pants, color natural, good ■- ft _, 2 cases of bleach-
I^ll- — - V^— weight for winter wear, regular tllft Sheeting. 2 ed Ca TheeUn^ "si if-
n pacc PnnriQ 50 pieces of Navy Price $1. sale price V/; JUu Inches wide; good quality Sale hP
iireSS UOOCIS Blue and Black "" '■",' price i Yard lUU
Dpnt all-wool Storm f /vm US TIQ + nT , Ladles'" Onelta
ve P l * i ., Serge:^ Or* tomDination union suits, fully —
full 46 inches wide; good IHfl O^i+c 65 per cent wool, .
quality. Sale price Jjl. DUIIS. high neck f\ m Pillnw 2 cases of Bleached Pil-
•• xara v** and long sleeves, color natural, U X | iIUUW low Casing; 45 |%
.Scotch ..■g^n.ff.-SSS extra value at $1 25 a suit, sale f|.||. Pooincr inches wide; good ll ft
Scotch SJiSTfiff^taaa price :-!••: UUU p r f c ? ing - r!UalUy - Sale DU
FS^cSS'lifl OCn Children's gS?ssa. WSS'S,?- — : "
colorings; excellent quality. /HI Hose. fon a high spliced comforters » — «■>««•
Sale price -"•"• YaW fcWU WOSe. heels and toW. J ji TniYifrirtArc 1" cases of large
•m *J inn nipppg of Plaid Dre<s<s extra quality, full finish, sizes IkA tUIIIIUI LCI D. s i ZQ Bed Comfort-
PlaidS. Goods em ArmSre and 6% to 8%, regular value 30c and I -11. ers, silkoline covered In pretty de-
Granite Weaves; beautiful bright 35c, sale price Pair.. lUU signf fl ,, e d with extra A Cfl
rnlnrq anrl romhlrri tions- f-r 4& i». — : q.uallty White cotton, nicely I .ill
SpJ^KSK^ES 9Spi w ° o1 Hosiei> y- gucJ^cSS'S 55r.....^ 1 ..-..?...^ 01 —
jss. '.^....^...5i z Jb srara^arwas ooin —
A m « 7nTl 20 pieces of fine quality value &> c - sale price............ J jQll :
AmaZOn Amazon Cloth; extra fine A Pair VWOW tjl Qr ,Votc 5 cases of large size
ri/vfVi quality; high finish; in _. , _. 7 — ~ , , ... DldlllvoLD. White California All-
L/IULII. new shades of Browns, RlbbOll DGDt 13> %£. ! « f .v^ 11 " Wool Blankets, made of extra qual-
Navy, Greens, also Black: jfe j Ofl !? Z. * *%°P 1 " Silk Taffeta Ribbon, lty . wool; • silk-bound inAA f\r
50 inches wide; extr IP I 111 l in Nos. 9 and 12. leading shades, pretty borders; good V J,HO
value at $150. Sal. A| |UU worth lac a yard, sale price (while hP value, at $5 50. • Sale lUW
price Yard Ijll they last) • Yard.. WU . price WU—
SEE WINDOW DISPLAY.
: COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. , . f -
elected that no Senator from the West
has ever done in the past, although
some of the Eastern members have, that
is at the close of ea:h session of Con
gress I would go to all the prinicipal
points In the State, and in public meet
ings give the people a short history of
the legislation accomplished during the
preceding session, and explain my vote on
every measure. By that means the peo
ple would know just what I had done for
them and whether I was serving their
best interests."
SOUTHERNERS LOOKING
FOR PATRONAGE
Men From the Lower Part of the
State Get Together to Divide
the Spoils.
CALLi HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. I.— The Southern Caliiornia
members to the number of nine held an
informal caucus yesterday afternoon in
tho 'State Printer's office. There should
have been fourteen Assemblymen present
in order to have a full attendance, but
there were five absentees. Assemhiyman
Valentine of i.os Angeles acted as chair
man and Assemblyman Crowder of San
Diego as secretary. The session was thor
•j oughly in touch ylth the weather, as it
was decidedly stormy. The main sub
ject debated was that of patronage. There
are sixty-seven places at the disposal of
the Assembly under the Belshaw law, and
there are fifty-nine Republican Assembly
men to claim them.
Southern California members are not at
all slow about claiming everything they
can get, and the object of the caucus this
afternoon was to form a Southern Cali
fornia combination by mutual agreement
to get all possible representation on the
i patronage rolls for that section of the
j State. But the Southern Californlans had
! a hard time agreeing among themselves.
Finally, though, after considerable bick
ering and debating It was decided that
each Republican member from the south
should have one appointment. Then the
caucus adjourned, to meet subject to call.
For the eight places over and above the
fifty-nine needed to go around once there
is going to be a grand scramble, and these
eight places were the bone of contention
in the caucus.
GRANT MEN ARE
VERY SANGUINE
The San Diego Man Thinks the Out
look Very Gratify
ing.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 4. — The Grant head
quarters at the Golden Eagle were
the busiest of any rooms at
the hotel to-day. Charles Hardy. Grant's
Saft Diego manager, arrived during the
day, bringing 1 with him pome of the con
tingent from the city of Bay'n'climate.
who came to shout for the San Diego
man. Milton Green and Mr. Hardy were
in frequent consultation during the day
and it is safe to say that Mr. Grant shook
hands with more people on the first day
of January, 1599. than in any previous one
day of his existence. He was more cor
dial in his demeanor and appeared to be
quite well pleased at the number of peo
ple who called upon him and at the greet
ings they brought. Late this evening he
consented to talk to a representative of
The Call, when he said:
"The outlook is most gratfying to my
friends and to me. We have received as
surances of support from quarters we
least expected it. Of course, I fully ap
preciate the fact that the contest is go
ing to be a very warm one, but of the out
come I feel confident."
"A great deal has been said, Mr. Grant,
about your residence in California.
Briefly, what are the facts? "
"I have been visiting California each
year ever since 1876 and have resided here
constantly since IS9O. I have had prop
erty investments here for something like
twelve or fifteen years. Now, if these
facts convey any information, you are at
liberty to use them."
The Grant people count on thirty— five
votes on the first ballot. They expect to
have every vote from Southern California,
save the eight votes Bulla will have from
Los Angeles County, and these they
claim will come to them after Bulla is
out.
The Grant people are claiming these
Los Angeles votes on the strength of the
ALDEN ANDERSON OF SOLANO.
O to the chair Preside o\er tho lower house when called O
6 o
00000 00 000000000000000000000000000
resolutions passed by the Los Angeles
County Republican Convention, which
directed the Republican members of the
Legislature from that county to vote for
a Southern California man for United
States Senator first, last and all the time,
and then, In a second resolution, compli
mented Senator Bulla and instructed the
members to vote for him.
Some of the Los Angeles push is here
in the interest of Dan Burns and dispute
this proposition and claim that the
county convention never intended to In
Continued on Fourth Paj*.SPANISH RULE
ENDED ON THE GEM
OF THE ANTILLES
Sovereignty of Cuba Passes From
the Madrid to the Washington
Government
Salutes Fired From the Heavy Gons of Forts and War
ships Before and After the Raisins of the
Stars and Stripes.
t Special IMsp*tch to Th« Call
000000000000000000000000000000000000
o o
WASHINGTON, Jan. I.— The followng brief cablegrams, conveying q
:? information of the transfer of Spanish sovereignty in Cuba to the Amer- _
° Joans and of the raising of the United States flag, were received here ;?
X during the afternoon: J*
q HAVANA, Jan. I.— Secretary of War. Washington: The flag raised on J?
*f Castle Morro, Cabanas, the palace and other buildings in city. Govern- °
© ment formally turned over by General Castellanos to commission and by it ©
© transferred to General Brooke. Q
O WADE, Chairman. q
q CLOUS, Secretary.
HAVANA, Jan. I.— The President. Washington: The government formally O
O surrendered by General Castellaaos to American Commission at 12 o'clock O
© and by latter transferred to General Brooke. Ceremonies were successfully q
q carried out. The American 'lag flies from Morro Castle, Cabanas, the pal- _
n ace and other buildings. City orderly. w
v WADE, Chairman. O
O CLOUS, Secretary. O
o o
O HAVANA, Jan. L— S" -retsry of War, Washington: The flag sent up on O
q Morro Castle and the palace at 12:04 p. m., local time. q
V? JOHN R. BROOKE, ~
w Major General, Commanding. w
o o
000000000000000000000000000000000000
HAVANA, Jan. I.— The sovereignty
of Cuba pas?, i from Spain to the
United States at noon to-day.
The form of the transfer was simple.
consisting of only an exchange of
• hes in the saloon of the palace, the
ng down of the Spanish flag and
;hr- raising in its stead of the flag: of
United States on the flagstaff on
palace roof. Salutes were fired
tho heavy guns of the forts and
the warships before and after the
:' Hags. The raising of the
Stars and stripes was greeted with
re by the people, who covered the
of tho buildings around the pal-
I laza.
No i rov»-d was permitted to gather in
the streets in the vicinity of the palace
bs the epoch-making function.
/, t '.' o'clock a guard composed of the
• : Battalion of the Tenth Infan
ircfred into the Plaza de Annas.
■ "inmand of Captain Van Vleet
"a hd formed around the square. Captain '
I "astellanos watched them with |
luten sr from the balcony of his apart- ;
ts as they entered the sauare and
stationed at all the streets ap
the plaza. No one was al
; to enter without a pass, and all
the doors of the palace facing 1 the!
re were ordered to be closed. Only 1
I hose who could get on the roofs and;
mica of houses in the neighbor- j
hood saw what was going on before the i
palace.
With the guard was the band of the ;
■rid Illinois Regiment, which had j
selected for the occasion as the
band in the Seventh Army Corps.
the band were the buglers of the
Eighth and Tenth Infantry.
The weather was warm, the sun !
bursting at intervals through the light
clouds and the soldiers in blue who
were forced to stand in the sun found !
the heat oppressive. The troops were |
formed in extended order around the ;
square, three paces apart, and the band i
was massed in front of the nalace en
trance across the street, at the edge
of the park.
Brigadier General Clous, the master
of ceremonies of the day. at 10:30
o'clock issued instructions to the offi
cers who were to take charge of the
various departments of the Govern
ment at 12 o'clock. Colonel Dudley was
assigned to the Department of Justice,
office of the secretary of the Captain j
General; Major L. W. V. Kennon. ad- i
jutant general of the department, to the |
Department of Commerce and Agricul- j
ture; Colonel T. U. Bliss of the com- !
missary department, to the Treasury: j
Captain Frank B. Hanna. assistant j
adjutant general, to the Department of
Public Instruction, and Colonel Dun- }
woody, of the signal corps, to the Pub- j
lie Works Department. Each of these j
officers was instructed thus: "On the
firing of the last gun of the first twen
ty-one at oon, you are to go to the j
place assigne-d you and demand pos
lon of office in the name of the
I'nited States."
These orders were given under the
arcade of the palace. Each officer had
with him a Cuban interpreter, a group
of whom stood clad in dark clothes and
wearing silk hats. In carriage near
STARS AND STRIPES WAVE OVER MORRO CASTLE, HAVANA
by were the American Mags which were
to be raised at various points.
At 11:10 Major General Wade and
Major General Butler, of the American i
Evacuation Commission, arrived from '•
El Vedado on horseback, accompanied
by their staffs. They were met by j
Brigadier General Clous and Major T. j
Bradley Mott, of General Ludlow's
staff. About the sair>~ moment Lucien
J. Jerome, British Vice Consul, arrived.
He was warmly rreeted by the Ameri
can officers.
Major General John R. Brooke. Gov
ernor of Cuba, and Major General Lud
low, Governor of the city of Havana,
accompanied by their staffs, arrived at !
11:30 in carriages. General Brooke and i
General Adna R. Chaffee General '
Brookes staff chief, were in the first .
carriage. . In each of the other car- .
riages rode a Cu)>an general with Am- '
erican officers. The Cubans were Gen- j
erals Lacret, Mario Menocal. Mavia I
Rodriguez, Serafin Sanchez. Jose i
Miguel Gomez, Nodarte, Rafael. De
Cardenas. Agramente and Vidal. and
Colonel Valiente. As the carriages
drove up, the second company of the :
Spanish infantry, .nder command of!
Colonel Don Rafael Salamanca, pre- ;
sented arms and the American band !
started up with "The Stars and Stripes '
Forever." the Spanish colonel salutinir.
At 11:45 Major General Lee, Military
Governor of the province of Havana, !
with his staff, Joined General Brooke.
The latter then crossed the street to
the palace, General Lee on one side of
him and General Chaffee on the other,
followed by the other American gener
als and the Cuban officers. The Cubans
wore dark blue uniforms, brown felt
hats and gray gloves, and they carried,
machetes.
A flourish of trumpets greeted the
procession, and the Spanish troops pre
sented arms as the Americans entered
the palace. The Cubans remained out
side until escorted in by members of '
General Brooke's staff, the Spanish sol- i
diery remaining ail the while at "pre
sent arms." As soon as all were with
in the Spanish troops formed in column ;
of fours and marched around the right j
side of the plaza to the docks, while ;
the band of the Second Illinois Volun- [
teers played the Spanish royal march, j
On entering the palace the American |
generals went to the saloon facing the ,
plaza, which is on the second floor. It
is a lofty chamber, decorated with mir
rors of deep gilt frame, white satin
draperies and the scarlet arms of Spain
are over each door and window. Here ;
was gathered the members of the Cap
tain General's staff, Colonel Gelpa, !
Lieutenant Colonels Belled, Girauta I
and Bonitas, Major Priego, Captains
Ritene, Adolfo and Ramon Castellanos, j
sons of the Captain General.
Captain General Castellanos was at
this time in a private room off the
throne room. He had given a farewell
breakfast at 10 o'clock to the members ;
of his staff, and had spent the rest of ;
the morning virtually alone, looking at j
the Americans from the balcony. The !
Americans now grouped themselves !
near a large mirror between the two i
central windows, the Spanish staff be- !
ing on the right, while on the left were j
the American staffs, the Cuban gen
erals and the correspondents.
Suddenly Captain General Castella
nos entered the saloon without cere
mony from the left and greeted Gen- i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, MONDAY, JANUARY 2, 1899.
MILLER MAY HAVE
TO BOMBARD ILOILO
Insurgents Oppose tr;e Landing of
flroerican Forces and th;e Situa
tion Is Most Serious.
MANILA, Jan. I.— The following dig
patch, dated Frldy afternoon Decem
ber 30, at Iloilo, Island of Panay, has
just been received here by boat, tele
graphic communication with Iloilo not
having been resumed:
The situation at Iloilo is grave. Fif
teen hundred natives, fully armed, are
at Melo, a surburb of Iloilo. Seventeen
thousand more, it is reported, are
awaiting orders to embark at several
points on the island of Negros, fifteen
hours' sail from Iloilo.
All the women have withdrawn and
many families have taken refuge with
the Americans. The rebels, after a con
sultation, insisted upon inaction until
General Aguinaldo had been heard
from. General Miller, when this de
mand was first made, declined to concede
j them time and insisted upon an answer
| being given him by noon to-day. At the
I same time he gave assurances that
| lives and property would be protected.
The foreign residents then petitioned
, General Miller to grant the extension
I destred by the rebels, as a fight would
| cause inevitable loss. This also Gen
i eral Miller refused.
At the designated time a native com-
I mission again boarded the United
| States transport Newport and asked
| for delay, saying that they were unable
I to control the army, which commanded
; the city and surrounding country. Gen
' eral Miller refused and prepared to land
! forces, sending an emissary back to
Manila for instructions. It is said that
General Miller informed the envoys
that the city must be turned over to
! him, but he promised he would give the j
I insurgents twenty-four hours' notice if
he >ater decided to bombard the place.
The insurgent newspaper in Iloilo
stated on Friday that the rebels were
I fully determined to resist the Arner
| loans. It was very evident the people
I in the city expected bombardment.
The British second class cruiser Bon
; aventura and the German cruiser Irene
I were the only foreign warships at loilo.
The rebels are strengthening their po
sition and are preparing to resist. The
streets of Iloilo are full of armed sol
diers who are constantly entering in
every direction. There is great excite
ment, which is increased by the appear
ance of the gunboat El Cano, flying the
Spanish flag. The public buildings,
churches and boats along the river are
filled with rebels.
The Newport's boats, as the dispatch
boat which carried this message is i
about leaving, are being lowered with :
four machine guns mounted in their |
bows. The lighters are alongside th©
United States transport Arizona. Th* i
United States transport Pennsylvania '■
lies three miles to the south, with steam \
up.
Colonel Potter will leave Manila to
morrow with instructions to General
Miller from Genera! Otis.
IS AGUINALDO PREPARING
TO RESIST AMERICANS?
NEW YORK, Jan. I.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent sends the
following. Following the receipt of
grave advices from Major General Otis
a Cabinet meeting was held at the
White House to-day which resulted in
the framing and dispatch of important
instructions to the American command
er at Manila. Advices received early
this morning related to the situation in
and about Manila, and this evening an
eral Brooke and others. After shaking
hands, General Brooke sat upon a sofa,
while General Castellanos moved to
ward the group of Cuban generals.
British Vice Consul Jerome introduced
him to General Mayia Rodriguez. Shak
ing be.-th the hands of the Cuban of
ficer, in the usual Spanish fashion, Gen
eral Castellanos said: "We have been
enemies, but I respect you for your
correct attitudes and opinions. I have
pleasure in shaking your hand."
General Rodriguez replied: "I thank
you, general. I feel sorry for the Span
ish army, which has defended the ban
ner it was sworn to defend. I also have
pleasure in shaking your hand."
Captain General Castellanos took his
position near Major General Brooke.
The buzz of conversation on the Ameri
can side of the chamber contrasted
with the silence on the Spanish side.
There was a marked difference between
the Americans and Spaniards, the for
mer tall, heavy and wearing much
Sold cord; the latter small and slight,
in blue striped cambric uniforms. The
Spaniards w ere depressed, the Ameri
cans were correspondingly buoyant.
At the last stroke of 12 the boom of
a gun brought all eyes to the point in
the room where stood the Captain Gen
eral, who was talking with an Ameri
can oflicer. Immediately all was si
lence. The Captain General stepped to
the left, taking his position directly in
front of his staff. On his right stood
Captain J. S. Hart, interpreter to the
! United States Military Commission.
i Next to Captain Hart, in the order
named, Generals Chaffee, Brooke, Lud
low, Lee, Wade, Butler and Clous. Im
! mediately behind General Chaffee was
I Senator John W. Daniel of Virginia.
At this moment the band of the piaza
was playing the Spanish anthem. As
the guns. at Cabanas fortress ceased
firing there was a breathless pause in
the saloon. Everybody knew that the
American flag was being raised on the
palace by Major Butler, son of General
Butler, and that the stars and stripes
were going up on all the official staffs
in Havana. After this second of si
lence the band on the plaza played
"The Star Spangled .Banner," while the
guns of the fleet and fortresses began
to roar out the national salute of twen
ty-one guns.
Immediately Captain General Castel- i
lanos handed the manuscript of his
speech to Captain Hart, and began to
speak. Amid the strain of the band
and the noise of the guns it was im
possible to hear him.
"Close the windows," said some one,
and the casements were closed, but the
sound of the cheering still visibly dis
turbed the Captain General.
Addressing himself to Major General
Wade, president of the United States
Military Commission, though he
seemed to look at the floor, General
Castellanos said:
"Gentlemen: In compliance with the
treaty of Paris, the agreement of the
Military Commissioners of the island
and orders of my King at this moment,
of noon, January 1, 1899, there ceases in
Cuba Spanish sovereignty and begins
that of the United States. In conse
quence, I declare you in command of
the island, with the object that you
may exercise it, declaring to you that I
will be first in respecting it. Peace hav
ing been established between our re
GENERAL MARCUS P. MILLER, Commanding the Expedition t Iloilo.
other dispatch was received describing
the situation at Iloilo. There is no
disguising the fact the situation in the
archipelago is extremely serious. On
the Island of Luzon the insurgents are
threatening. There are dissensions
among them and General Otis is hav
ing a difficult time in steering a mid
dle course.
What makes the situation particular
ly puzzling is the mysterious disap
pearance of Aguinaldo. Just where he
has gone and what the object of hi.« fib
sence is the authorities do not know,
nor has General Otis any inkling so far
as he has advised the department. But
in some quarters the apprehension is
felt that he is making preparations to
resist the Americans.
Respecting Iloilo General Otis an
nounced he had received advices from
General Miller showing American
troops had landed at Iloilo, and that
he was in communication with the in
surgents respecting the occupation of
the city. Cable advices did not show
that an alarming situation existed, but
it is admitted they indicated that the
condition was critical.
It developed during the discussion
that the President and Cabinet are in
accord in their determination to deal
spective governments, I promise you to
give all clue respect to the United
States Government, and hope that the
good relations already existing between
our countries will continue until the
termination of the evacuation of those
under my orders in this territory."
After Captain Hart had translated
the address, General Wade said to Gen
eral Brooke: "1 transfer this command
to you."
Major General Brooke said: "I ac
cept this great trust in behalf of the
Government and President of the
United States, and (addressing Captain
General Castellanos) 1 wish you and
the gallant gentlemen with you a pleas
ant return to your native land. May
prosperity attend you and all who are
with you."
Generals-Brooke and Castellanos then
shook hands, after which General Cas
tellanos and staff retired from the
throne room,' shaking hands with Mr.
Jerome, who stood near the door of
exit. As they retired there was a
movement toward General Brooke,
Brigadier General Clems shaking him
by the hand and saying, "Success to
you."
Generals Brooke and Chaffee, with
others, then stepped upon the balcony
and looked down upon the plaza. A big
American flag Hying over the arsenal
was in full view, and farther away the
stars and stripes could be seen over
Cabanas fortress. Meanwhile, the of
ficials o-f Spain were saying farewell to
their nation's seat of power in the new
world.
Turning to his officers. General Cas
tellanos said, with tears in his eyes:
"Gentlemen, I have been in more bat
tles than I have hairs on my head, and
my self-possession has never failed me
until to-day. Adieu, gentlemen, adieu."
Then, with arms upraised, he moved
swiftly toward the stairway, escorted
by General Chaffee and followed by his
staff. As he crossed the plaza the
American ladies who were standing in
the balcony of the barracks waved
their handkerchiefs, and General Cas
tellanos responded by bowing and kiss
ing his hand toward them. At the cor
ner of the plaza, with tears in his
eyes, he turned to take a final look at
the palace. He co-uld see the American
generals on the balcony.
Without a word he turned sharply in
the direction of the wharf. History had
reversed "The Last Sigh of the Moor."
At the dock Generals Clous and Chaffee
bade him farewell and the retiring
Captain General put off for the Spanish
transport Rabat, on which he will pro
ceed to Mastanzas. He will be accom
panied by a battalion of the Thirtieth
Infantry.
Major General Brooke held a recep
tion in the palace salon, the various
officials paying their respects and
promising allegiance to the United
Slates. First came the doctors of the
University of Havana, at their head
President Barriel. All wore black silk
and velvet gowns and small, black silk
caps, with yellow tassels. All bared I
their heads and bowed low. Next came i
the municipal authorities, headed by !
the Mayor, and after them the Econom
ical Society, formerly an advisory
board to the Captain General, with
Senor Alfredo Zayas, its president,
leading them. Then came the firemen.
Numerous speeches were made, to all]
firmly with the situation. It is desired
to maintain peaceful relations with the
insurgents, if it is possible to do so, but
it was appreciated the condition of af
fairs now existing cannot be much
longer tolerated.
Instructions which were sent by Sec
retary Alger this evening approved
General Miller's determination to oc
cupy the city. General Otis was ml
l structed, however, to frequently com
i municate with the insurgents at Iloilo
through Miller, and the island of Luzon
and impress them with the purpose of
the United States to give them a bene
ficent government. It is expected by
the authorities that General Otis will
issue this week the proclamation to the
Filipinos which was cabled him eight
days ago. General Otis has explained
to Secretary Alger that delay in pub
lishing the proclamation hart been due
to the necessity of translating the in
strument into Spanish. Just as soon
as the translation is completed and
copies of the proclamation printed it
will be wildly distributed throughout
the islands in order that the natives
may, by this means, become informed
of the attitude which this Government
has adopted toward them and the pol
icy it intends to-oursue.
of which General Brooke replied briefly.
At the close of the reception the Cu
ban generals were introduced. Gen
eral Brooke said:
"I shall look to you to assist us in
carrying out the purpose that brought
us to this shore. It is a great trust.
and I shall expect most extraordinary
assistance from you."
General Lacret, who acted as spokes
man for the Cuban officers, assured
the United States Military Governor
that everything in the power of the
Cuban military officials would be done
to help the Americans restore Cuba to
a condition of peace and prosperity.
The speech was translated by Captain
lage of Virginia.
It was scarely 12:30 o'clock when
General Brooke and his staff left the
palace for the Hotel Ingleterra. Com
modore Cromwell and Captains Sigsbee.
Berry, and Foss of the United
States squadron, arrived a few minutes
later, too late to pay their respects. The
only lady who witnessed the scene in
the salon was Mrs. John Adams Fair
of Boston, who was ushered into the
palace by mistake. When she was
about to retire, Colonel Gelol. the Cap
tain General's chief of staff, begged her
to remain. All the other ladies were
assigned places in the balcony of the
barracks overlooking the plaza.
SENTIMENT OF CUBANS
DURING THE PARADE
HAVANA, Jan. I.— The parade of the
United States troops showed the feel
ing of the Cuban element of the popu
lation. The march was from El Vl
dado, along- the Archi del Norte. the
Prado and Central Park to Cerro and
Quemados. About every fourth house
displayed some decoration, a palm
branch, a bit of red, white and blue
bunting, or a flag. Not a dozen flags
were to be seen in the stately Prado.
In the Archi del Norte the troops
passed under the skeletons of trium
phal arches, left unfinished when it was
decided to postpone the demonstration, j
The roofs, the streets, the parks and
the waysides in the suburban districts
were crowded with curious, but for the
most part, silent spectators. Now and
again there was a cry of "Vive los
Americanos," followed by a burst of
cheering, but there was no general ex- |
pression of public rejoicing, though j
Major General Lee, who rode at the j
head of the column on a gray charger,
received a personal ovation alone near
ly the entire route. Major General
Brooke, Major General Ludlow and the
generals reviewed the corps, standing
on a bench in front of the Hotel Injjle
terra and surrounded by their staffs.
As the column swung into Central
Park, past the lonely statue of the
Queen Regent, it made an impressive
appearance. General Lee left the oro
cesslon and joined the reviewing gen
erals. At this point there was more
cheering than elsewhere for. the Ameri
cans, the crowd being immense and
densely congested.
The order of the parade was as fol
lows:
Brigadier^General Lloyd Wheaton's ,
Continued on Fourth Fag*.
NATURE'S SPLENDID
NEW YEAR'S GIFT
TO CALIFORNIA
Snow Falls on the Mountains and
an Abundance of Rain on
the Lowlands.
Precipitation of the "Beautiful" in Northern Upland
Counties the Heaviest Known in Recent
Years.
00000000000000000000000000000000000
o PRAISE THE LORD, YE FIELDS! °
o o
o Dry Earth, where water cometh not, like the soul of man Ihou art — Q
O Like the soul of man which never ray of light divine hath known; o
® Fling wide the floodgates of the sky and life trom death shall start ! O
q And the soul reflect His glory when the Lord reclaims His own. o
® Ye lipsof plowed clay, render thanks for ihe pearly wine of thesky °
0 From gray clouds pressed by noiseless feet of angel hosts unseen 1 o
00, Clay, indued with the breathof God, ne'er pass His mercies by — O
® Praise thou the Power so glorified by quickening fields terrene 1 ®
o Charles D. South. o
o San Francisco, Jan. i, 1899. o
000000000000000000000000000000000 00
REDDING, Jan. I.— The snow which
commenced falling at 7 o'clock last
night continued until 2 this afternoon,
and at 4 o'clock indications are that
there will be more. Measurements of
the fall in Redding and for eight or
ten miles in either direction give from
twenty-two to thirty inches. This is
the heaviest snowfall ever known at
this particular point, and is of the
"dry" variety, which packs and remains
longer than the ordinary. Telephone
communication to both western and
eastern points is completely stopped;
consequently there are no advices from
points where the storm is usually se
vere. The north-bound Oregon evpress
arrived on time at 7 this morning, hut
j could get no further until about 3 this
afternoon, when two engines with a
small push snowplow arrived from
Dunsmuir and after some delay maii
j aged to get the train started north. The
! local electric light plant is disabled and
I will not supply service to-night. The
; stages all started on time to -day. but
i it is not thought they got very far on
j any of the roads. Several wearc roofs
j on shanties gave way, and all day men
i have been busy keeping roofs free. It
is generally conceded the snow will
prove greatly beneficial to the mining
; interests.
STOCKTON, Jan. I.— Farmers of San
Joaquin County had a welcome New
Year's greeting to-day, as a light rain
| began falling when flaylight came.
| Shifting winds made the fall vary from
I a brisk shower, to a fine mist up to i
| o'clock, when the wind reached the
■ right point and ceased blowing. The
downfall then became steady and by o
o'clock the drops were heavy and con
tinuous. An hour later the leaden sky
was giving a fall which, if it ke^ps uj»
during the night,- will insure for the
twenty-four hours fully one and a half
inches. There is every indication rf a
splendid night's rain, as the wind has
all but ceased. The temperature is at.
the right point and the sky heavy.
Back in the mountains there has ai
rc-udy fallen more snow than came all
labt winter. The snowfall in those nat
ural reservoirs means as muca as rain
in the valley, as it is from this- point
much of the moisture is drawn during
the heated terms. This ana the lata
rams have had a revivifying influence
en the business and farming commun
ity, and the channels of trade already
have experienced unmistakable signs of
returning confidence. The New Year
could not have come in a more accept
able manner for the people in this part
of the San Joaquin Valley.
SAN: JOSE, Jan. I.— Santa Clara Val
ley was to-day treated to the greatest
shower of the season. It began raining
at 9:30 o'clock and continued uninter
ruptedly all day, with indication.? »hat
the storm will last all night. Neaily
an inch of rain fell. Never before wan
it so welcome, and it is impossible to
estimate the amount of good dem-»<i.
It means several million of dollars to
: ADVERTISEMENTS.
B-B-B-B-B-B-B-H— B-B-B-H-H-H-H-H-B-B— ■
j RHEUMATISM ! \
B' . ■ . . . : . .... ■ B
" Pdins in Bick. "
"1 pE ° ains ln Shoulder. I
I l v Pains in Hips and Legs. I
/ "
B ffijm \ N - /^' 1 iBT' RHEUMATISM CANNOT BE CURED ■
■ii tt£l& > i\ l m by drugging the stomach. You have tried I
I iflBN mS If lt and know that is true. You must drive ■
n jjafflffi / 'a a 1! it out of the body with something strong- I
W aKKu '"Pi I er— something more penetrating— and that B
m WBBakL&- vfci"» ls Electricity. My Electric Belt cured two I
■ SHRSEbESffvS^H* thousand Rheumatics in 1898. It will cure ■
■i aßy^rSCS^gqy^Wß 5000 in 1899. Its reputation is growing I
■ . *^B ' -SI if^HriVW^* ■ daily, and it is now. acknowledged the only ■
I sure cure for Rheumatism. I
I A CURE IN 16 :I DAYS.-. "
B "I have worn the Belt sixteen days. Ido not feel the Rheumatism any more. I had U
I sudden jerks in my back, hips and thlßhs. I have not felt them since using the Belt I
m ten' days. My kidneys are improving. lam well satisfied, and expect soon to be com- ■
| pletely cured."— WALTER T. ESTES, Famosa, Kern Co., Cal., Dec. 20. 1895." W
■ Why don't you try it? Your neighbors are praising it. Thousands ■
| are being cured by it. Why not you? Call and see its great power. Test I
■ it free. If you can't call let me send you my book about it. Closely ■
| sealed, free. i
■ DR. A. X. SANDEN, •— — — ■
B 7C2 Mwket Street. Corner Kearny. San Fr.noii:.. NOT IN DRUB STORES. ■
!• Office hours, Ba.m.to 8 p. m. ; Sundays, 10 I
■I to 1. Branches at Los Angeles, Cal., 232 West' Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt ' _
i . Second street; Portland. Or., 253 Washington Is never sold in drug stores ■
I street; - Denver, Colo., &31 Sixteenth street; ' nor by traveling agents; onljr I
D Dallas, Tex., 285 Main street; Butte. Mont., at our office. n
| 110 North Main street. : if. — ; — — -. '+' ■'.*?
■■■■M,■■ ■ ■ ■ « ■ * ■■■■■■ ■■ ■ ■ '
the orchardists and farmers in the val
ley, besides brightening the trHde of
merchants. Thousands of acres havo
been plowed and sown to grain and to
day's rain was badly needed to start it
growing. Some farmers have not
plowed for fear of drought, and these
will now rush their work. Orchards
have suffered from the dry spoil, but
this will give them a good start at a
time when it is needed. Besides bene
fiting orchards, the rain has bten a
boon to nurserymen, who, up to ihia
time, have been unable to dispose of
their stock. Now tre<? planting will sro
ahead. Hay lands will be materially
affected. Very heavy rains are reported
in the foothills, especially at Los Gatos,
where it is said an inch had fallen up to
5 o'clock. The rainfall here was heavy
and steady and soaked into th? ground.
The record up to to-day shows 3.55
inches for the season, against 6.65
inches last year.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. I.— The new year
certainly has been ushered in under fa
vorable circumstances, so faras Sonoma
County is concerned. A splendid rain
began here shortly after the church
bells had announced the birth of an
other year, and it has continued al
most without interruption ever since.
The precipitation so far has amounted
to almost three-quarters of an inch,
and as there are no indications yet
shown of its ceasing, there is no ques
tion that the ground will be given a
thorough soaking. For several weeks
rain has been needed badly in this
county. While most of the plowing has
been done, feed was getting very short,
and new grain was making very slow
growth on account of the cold weather.
Considerable sickness has been noted
hereabouts, caused without doubt by
the long-continued dry spell. This
morning's rain was accompanied by a
heavy thunder storm, which cleared the
atmosphere thoroughly and cold weath
er has been succeeded by a much milder
temperature, which will start things
growing in splendid shape.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. I.— There was a
steady fall of rain in this vicinity all
day, accompanied by an extremely
fierce and cc-ld wind, driving the rain
into the earth and making travel on
the streets uncomfortable. It was
really the first hard rainstorm expe
rienced this season, and was exactly
the kind the farmers in this locality
had been praying far. To-night the
rain is coming down at a lively rate,
and it is estimated that an inch afis
fallen within the past twenty-four
hours. There is every sign of a con
tinuance of the storm through the
night. Reports received at railroad
headquarters this evening state that a
hurricane is blowing at Red Blnff and
snow is falling there. At Dunsmuir
thirty inches of snow had fallen, and at
Redding twenty-three inches, while
heavy rains are reported from all val
ley points as far south as Oakland. This
includes the farming and grazing lands,
where* rain has been so badly needed,
and the beneficial effects of the storm
will be widespread.
CLOVERDALE, Jan. I.— The patter
ing c-f rain on the rooftops, combined
with the moaning of a warm yet brisk
34
BRITISH STEAMER
ABANDONED AT SEA
The ViQdobala Springs A LeaK
ar)d the Crew Is Rescued
by t\)e Paris.
O. NEW YORK, Jan. The American line steamship Parts, which 8
O. arrived to-day from Southampton after a tempestuous passage, re- &
0 ports that on Tuesday, December 27, In latitude 49.29 north, longitude ■£
O 31.29 -west, at 8:30 in the morning:, she sighted a steamer flying sig- 8
$ nals of distress. She proved to be the British tank steamer Vindo- 8
$ bala. Captain Clarke, from Rouen, France, December 15 for Philadel- C*
'& phla, in ballast. She showed the signal letters: "Must abandon O.
v vessel." 8
$ A lifeboat was launched In charge of Chief Officer Bradshaw. 8
&. Fourth Officer Webb and eight seamen. A dangerous aea was run- &
D nlng at the time, and it was impossible to get the boat alongside &
8 the Viridobala. The crew was fastened to lines thrown to .the boat £
O and h. led on board. The ship's carpenter let go of the line fas- 8.
O. tened to him and was lost. It took two am', a half hours to rescue &
& the men. ',":■_". ■ , & ■
D~ The rescued men are: M.J.Clarke, master; A. Beckman. first &
O. officer; G. Baird, second officer: S. Webber, cook; D. Levere, steward: &
8 William Angus, boatswain, and Seamen F. Fitzgerald, P. Sullivan, P. &
v Jensen, W. Kusln. William Cooms and Sydney Epps; J. Wood, chief .8
& engineer; J. Moffatt second engineer; G. F. McClihtock, third engi- 8
O ncer; R. Wilkinson, donkeyman; Firemen Martin Dusen, C. C. Han- &
\>. sen, Joseph Mussen, P. Murphy and H. Haaae, and Henry Happey. &
O engineer's boy. • . &
$ The drowned carpenter was A. Oersterrelch, aged 40, a native of 0:
£> Stettin, Germany, and residing at South Shields, England. 8
O The Vindobala sprung a leak on December 22. On Monday morn- 8'
O. Ing, December 26, a steamer passed and paid no attention to four '&.
O rockets sent up. During that night the steamer made seven .feet of &
v water, putting out the fires. On the 27th the Paris bore down to &
£> the rescue of the crew. - &
O : «
o<>oooDosaao;as&£ssß£«osso»&:as£®«»aa
outheaster, formed a sweet refrain to
isher in the new year. The present
itorm commenced last night and con
tinues vigorously, nearly three inches
having fallen. Oranges are being
shipped from here dally, and prepara
tions for the coming citrus fair are go
ing on apace.
FRESNO. Jan. I.— The new year
could not have opened brighter for the
farmers of Fresno County and this por
tion of the San Joaquin Valley. It be
gan raining at 9 o'clock this evening
and at midnight continues, with good
prospects for an extended downpour.
The rain has come just in time to save
, a large amount of sown grain. Owing
to the continued drought some of it,
perhaps, will have to be resown be
cause of the seed rotting In the ground.
The early sown grain, or summer fal
low, while suffering for lack of mois
ture, is not beyond redemption and If
this storm continues long enough to
give the ground a thorough soaking
will yield a large crop. While the sea-
BOli so far has been a dry one, the farm
ers have not despaired and a large ma
jority of them have "dry plowed" in
anticipation of a wet period. Conse
quently with good spring rains Fresno
will yield one of the largest grain crops
in the history of the county. Stock
has not as yet suffered for want of
feed, although pasturage has been very i
short. The total rainfall for the season
is 1.94.
AUBURN, Jan. The new year
started off with a terrific wind storm.
Telephone wires are down and many
large trees have been cut to the
, ground-.., The wind is from south and
east, and presages a big storm, much
to the 'satisfaction of the farmers and
miners. A good deal of water has al
ready fallen.
MODESTO, Jan. I.— Rain fell In
showers during the day, and the wind
is now in the rainy quarter, and the
prospects for a heavy storm are most
promising. Crops are not suffering,
but a good rain will give encourage
ment.
VACAVILLE, Jan. I.— lt began rain
ing here at 6:15 this morning and con
tinued all day. The barometer is down
to 29.60, the lowest for eighteen months.
A steady south wind is blowing. The
prospects are good for an all-night
rain.
MARYSVILLE, Jan. I.— heavy rain
and wind storm has been prevailing
since 7 o'clock this morning. Fully. an
inch of rain has fallen, and the pros
pects are for a continuance of the
downpour.
bOS ANGELES, Jan. I.— rain fell
here to-day. The sky is clear, the
weather cold, and there are frost Indi
cations for to-night.
SANTA CRUZ, Jan. Rain started
early this morning, falling continuously
- all day. It is the heaviest rainfall of
this season.
NAPA, Jan. 1. — Rain has been falling
since early this morning and Is increas
ing. There is a strong wind.
■ BAKERSFIELD.Jan. I.— No rain fell
here to-day. It is cloudy and slightly
. warmer.
BUIBUN, Jan. I.— sooner had the
'. new year been ushered in than a heavy
\ rain commenced falling. The downpour
has been a soaking one. Indications
point to a continuance of the heavy
precipitation.
• PACIFIC GROVE, Jan. I.— Rain be
gan falling heavily at 10 a. m. to-day,
accompanied by considerable wind. At
this point and Monterey the precipita
. tion up to 5:30 o'clock Was 1.26 inches,
the heaviest in two years during so
• short a space of time. The rain con
tinues with no sign of abatement. The
surf about Point Pinos and other more
.exposed portions of this coast is ex
. tremely heavy, because of the high
wind. At Carmel, the principal fruit dis
trict of this section, 0.85 of an Inch of
rain had fallen between 9:30 a. m. and
4 p. m. to-day. Advices from points as
far south as Bur district report a gen
eral rain with more or less wind.
GALE PILES SNOW
INTO HUGE DRIFTS
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. I.— The worst
storm in this section since 1892 has
been raging for the past twenty-four
h*>urp. Tho snowfall is almost unprece
dented, and a strong northerly gale has
blown the snow Into impassable drifts.
Tram -cars and railway traffic is at a
standstill. Telephone service is im
peded, In the suburbs householders
are stormbound.
SPOKANK. Jan. I.— Eastern Wash
ington, from Snake River to the north
ern boundary, is covered with new
■ ranging in depth from three
Inches to as many feet. Ten Inches fell
in Spokane up to 10 p. m., but a high
wind drifted it badly, partially ob
structing street car traffic. All trains
inn Spokane are nearly on time, but
officials expect trouble to-morrow and
are preparing to send out relays of
snowp 1
SEATTLE, Jan. I.— The new year
was ushered in by a heavy snow, whinh
has already reached a depth of twelve
inches. Thus far there has been but
little delay to railroad traffic. All I'u
get Sound steamers have been delayed
from six to seven hours.
TACOMA. Jan. I.— The Northern Pa
cific westbound overland ■was delayed
eight hours to-day by heavy snows and
swollen rivers in the Rocky Mountain
and Idaho divisions. East of Ellens
burg the most serious difficulty was
encountered. Swollen rivera almost
blocked the train. Reports from East
ern Washington to-night state that the
rivers are freezing and all danger ffom
that source has passed. In the Rocky
Mountain division of the road the Bnows
are deep and railroad officials here be
lieve the most serious difficulty is to
be encountered. New Year's day In Ta
coma was ushered in with a snowstorm
that lasted nearly all day.
HEAVY DOWNPOUR
IN SAN FRANCISCO
Indications Are That the Precipita
tion Will Continue To-
Day.
[ The New Year's gift to California was
i a bounteous rain storm that came down
| from the clouds just in time, like an
j answer to prayer. Nor was there only
; the liberal shower alone for a blustering
I wind was prevalent. It whirled itself
[ around corners coming from other cor
ners, and flew down the street between
the high houses, setting everything mov
able wildly aswing; reversing umbrellas
and driving the rain into their owners
faces; hurfing hats aloft among the
meshes of overhead wire or under the
cable cars to be ground to fragments;
catching the belated or be-earlied tlsh
horn musician yet in the throes of his
new year salutation and wetting him
down handsomely. It was the literal ap
pearance of the proberbial "Lion of
March" rampant, just two months out of
its place on the calendar.
The going of IS9S in starlight and the
coming of 1899 in rainstorm, causing the
opening day of the year to be a period of
climatic disturbance, might be attributed
to the descent of Professor Hammon, the |
weather sharp, from his eyrie on the
crest of Tamalpals. The absence of ,the
| forecaster from his post might have given
I the weather an opportunity to get up a
little festive new year "blow out" on its
own account. However, that Is a metero
logical secret. But as if in answer to
prayer, the storm came most opportunely. 1
The long continued dryness and slight
; showers that have alternated over the
State through November and December
have brought visions of farm failure in
the country and commercial depression in
the town. The fields were growing dryer
and business was growing duller when
January opened with its rain. Tho
weather reports up to late last night show
that the storm Is general In the upper
and middle portions of the State and is
moving southward and eastward in strong
showers. Sacramento has received in this
storm three-quarters of an inch; Santa
Rosa has been blessed with a copious
downpour, and at Red Bluff the fall has.
been over two Inches for the last twenty
four hours.
In this city yesterday sixty-hundredths
of an inch was recorded. Late last night
the barometer was falling "everywhere,"
In the words of the forecaster, indicating
a continuance of the storm.
The following is the forecast last night:
The storm is Etlll central off the coast of
Washington. The pressure has fallen rapidly
over the entire Pacific Slope during the lust
twenty-four hours, the lowest reading being
2y.2S inches, at Astoria.
R*n has fallen in the western portions of
Oregon and Washington and the northern por
tion of California. Snow is now falling In the
"astern portions of Washington and Oregon and
In Nevada.
The rain will extend Into Southern California
Monday.
The rainfall at Red Bluff during the past
:.iur hours amounts to 2 Inches.
Coadltiotu are favorable for continued rain
In California, though there may be a tem
jjoniry clearing during Monday.
Forecast made at Han Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. January 2; 1599:
Northern California — Rain Monday; brisk to
high southerly wind.
Southern California— Cloudy, with rain, Mon
day; fresh southerly wind.
Nevada— Snow Monday.
Utah— Snow Monday.
Arizona— Cloudy, with snow In the mountains
Monday.
San Francisco and vlctn'tT— Rain Monday;
fresh to brisk southerly wind.
G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
The heaviest shower of the season in
San Francisco fell for about twenty min
utes yesterday afternoon. The rain began
with a strong wind blowing about forty
mlk-s per hour. The gale drove fiercely
through the streets, bending the towering
sign fences and the Baldwin ruined walls
backward and forward in an apparent en
deavor to scatter the picturesque struct
ures over the sidewalks. But the wind
was soon beaten down by the shower and
the rain had it all its own way. The
gutters were quickly afloat, and of course
the man-holes were sealed up with street
trash and the flood spread over the pave
ment. At the corner of Eddy and Market
streets the car track was deeply sub
merged and each car was delayed, while
the conductor and gripman fished In the
muddy water with iron pokers for th«
hidden switch*.
At a number of crossings south of Mar
ket street pedestrians were obliged to go
around the block 'on acount of the deep
water. The gates of Central Park were
closed on account of the rain and the
baseball game at Recreation grounds was
adjourned. The proposed Havana evacu
ation celebration at Union Square did not
take place. When 9 o'clock— the hour cor
responding with noon in Cuba— arrived the
rain was piling down on the speakers'
stiind and the grounds were without a
visitor, consequently no outdoor meeting
could be held and the hour passed by
without the observance and celebration.
SPANISH RULE
ENDED IN THE GEM
OF THE ANTILLES
Continued from Third Page.
brigade, comprising the First Texas In
fantry, the Second Louisiana Infantry
and the Second Engineers.
Brigadier General E. B. Willson's
brigade, comprising the First Virginia
Infantry, the Forty-ninth lowa Infan
try and the Sixth Missouri Infantry.
Brigadier General H. C. Hasbrouck's
brigade, comprising the First North
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAKL, MONDAY, JANUARY 2, 1899.
Carolina Infantry, the Second Illinois
Infantry and. the 161 st Indian.a Infan
! try.
Major General J. W. Keifer rode in
advance of toe last two- brigades, form-
I ing the Second Division.
Every man in the last company of
the One Hundred and Sixty-first In
diana Infantry as he entered Central
Park drew from under his uniform a
small Cuban flag and waved it before
the assemblage. The Cubans went
nearly wild with cheers and excitement,
and General Lee immediately sent the
inspector general, Lieutenant Colonel
Curtis Guiltier., to order the Indianans
to put away the flags, which they did. j
It is reported that the entire company
is under arrest.
General' Lee turned in after the 'col
umn passed, the crowd pressing close
around his horse, shaking his hand and
making other- demonstrations of affec
tionate interest. His orderly was heav
ily burdened with flowers for the gen
eral.
The corps was up at daylight at
Camp Quemados, took coffee, then
marched leisurely to El Vedado; a dis
tance of five miles, arriving there and
had breakfast, after massing haver
sacks, reaching the foot of the Prado at
noon and getting back to camp after j
rests at 4 o'clock, having marched j
nearly twenty — hot, footsore and
' tired. . ' .
Havana harbor presented a sulking
appearance this morning. The stars
and stripes were conspicuous en the
American men-of-war and merchant
men across the bay, while launches
were constantly plying between the
shore and the ships. The docks were
crowded with " sight-seers, many of
j whom wished to enter Morro Castle
! and Cabanas fortress, but they were re- j
fused admission. •-•-;-; \
When Lieutenant Lee, son of General j
Lee, with Lieutenant Jones and Lieu- j
I tenant Colonel Livermore of the army, i
Ensign Webster, Boatswain Hall and
Gunner Applegate of the cruiser !
Brooklyn, representing the navy, en
i tered Cabanas, they found; no Spanish !
j flag flying from the staff and the hal- j
yards were tangled. Two sailors of the
Brooklyn rove off new halyards, and
Lieutenant Lee requested the Spanish
officer in charge, Lieutenant Cache, to
hoist the Spanish flag, that the Ameri- I
cans might salute it. Lieutenant Cache j
was about to do this, when Lieutenant i
•Colonel Cavetstany, Governor of the
fortress, said it would be unnecessary.
I Then on the signal from the Brooklyn |
■ the sailors under Gunner Applegate
i fired twenty-one guns at Cabanas, after
which Lieutenant Lee, who was in full ;
dress, hoisted the stars and stripes, the j
Spaniards firing twenty-one guns in sa- j
lute and Lieutenant Colonel Cavestany •
handing the keys of the fortress and an \
j inventory of its contents to the Ameri
can officer. •
At Morro Castle Lieutenant Wade, i
I son of General Wade, raised the Stars ;
I and Stripes and Quartermaster Ser- i
' geant Morsoig hauled down the Spanish
flag amid cheers. Lieutenant Colonel
i Birnie of the ordnance department, who ;
i has a receipt under the evacuation j
' agreement for the contents of the forts
to Lieutenant Sancho, the Spanish Gov
ernor, then turned over the fortifica
tions to Major Russell Harrison of Gen
! eral Lee's staff, who in turn made a
formal delivery to Lieutenant Patter
son, First North Carolina Infantry, who
has a garrison force of ten men. •
Then the Spaniards were escorted out j
of the castle by American troops under
Major Harrison and given a cordial
farewell on leaving for the transport.
Lieutenant Wade was refused pos
session of the Spanish flag, the Spanish :
officers saying they must take it with ,
them. About noon a Cuban produced i
a spectacular effect by letting loose a
big Cuban flag from a kite string high |
over Morro Castle, where it Hew all the
afternoon. ipWfH?
The United States military commis
sioners -wired President McKinley at
12:30 that the Governor General of Cuba
had formally surrendered to the com
mission the government of Cuba and
that the American flag had been hoist
! cd. In reply General Wade received
, the following:
. "I congratulate the commission upon
! the successful termination of its mis
sion and the peaceful occupation of
Cuba by the United States.
"WILLIAM McKINLEY."
General Brooke also received the '
President's congratulations. As Cap- ;
tain General Castellanos was escorted ;
to the wharf by Generals Clous and i
Chnffee the band played the Spanish
royal march. General Castellanos
thanked General Clous, and as he i
stepped Into his launch wept. Crowd?* |
of Spaniards, men and women all \
dressed in black, gathered upon the I
seawall and silently watched the fleet \
pass out. There was not a shout, not
a handkerchief waved. Men and women
wept together. The Spanish squadron,
which sailed to a rendezvous at Mar
tinique, consisted of the Rapldo, with
Admiral Manterola on board: Gallcia,
Marquis de Mollnas, Vicente Yanez, .
Pinzo, Marauis de Ensenada, Vasco j
Nunez and Patrlota, the last towing the
transport Filipinos.
CUBAN INSURGENTS
ARE TO BE MOLLIFIED
HAVANA, Jan. I.— The American
military officials in Havana have had
word from Washington to treat the
Cuban insurgents with more considera
tion, and in consequence thereof there
has been remarked a change of de
meanor toward the Cubans to-night. It
is reported that General Menocal is to
be assistant civil governor of Havana.
It is impossible to verify this rumor,
but it is given weight by the fact that
the American officials who should know
refuse to give it denial. The Cubans
are considerably mortified, and If this
rumor proves true the bad effects of
earlier mistakes will be overcome.
HOW BUSINESS IS BOOMING.
Great Showing Made by the New j
York Life Insurance Company.
NEW YORK, Jan. I.— The year closed j
with business booming. The Bureau
I of Statistics at Washington figures the
I country's excess of exports over im
" ports for 1898 at $617,000,000, and these
figures tell the whole story. Everybody
i believes a still further enlargement of
; foreign and domestic trade is in store
j for 1899.
This morning the New York Life In
! surance Company reported its year's
work, and of all the companies is the
first to publish Its statement. The re
j suit surprises the oldest insurance men
: and furnishes fresh proof of the busi
. ness revival of 1898.
President John A. McCall of the New
! York Life states that his company in
! 1898 has "been paid for more than $152,
--! 000,000 in new insurance, an increase of
j more than $15,000,000 over 1897, and has
i now a total of policies in force exceed
] ing $945y000.000, being a gain during the
j year of $67,000,000. The average mind
jean scarcely grasp, the significance of
theso figures, which denote a larger
gain in this one company alone than
was shown In the previous year by all
I the other regular life insurance com
panies of this State combined, and is
an unparalleled record.
While this record is strikinp-Tv excep
tional gnins in somewhat the same pro
portion have been made by the banks
and the large commercial houses. It
is interesting to note from President
McCall's report that California has been
one of the leaders in this tremendous
increase in the company's business.
Fire in a Bank Building.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 1. —Fire early this
morning did about $3000 worth of damage
to the fixtures in the Los Angeles Na
tional Bank in this city. The fire origi
nated in a barber shop in the basement of
the bank building on the corner of Spring
and First streets. The costly woodwork
and ceiling decorations were Injured and
some papers destroyed.
PENNSYLVANIA'S
ASSEMBLY LINES
UP FOR BATTLE
Senatorial Struggle
Begins.
THE OPPOSITION TO QUAY
IT IS BEING DIRECTED BY THE
BUSINESS MEN'S LEAGUE.
Congressman Dalzell of Pittsburg
and Charles C. Tubbs of Tioga
Axe Also Aspirants for
the Toga.
HARRISBURG, Pa., Dec L— The
General Assembly will open its bien
nial session at 12 o'clock Tuesday in the
new Capitol building. After the Sen
ate and House have organized. Gover
nor Hastings will send in his biennial
message. Lists of standing commit
tees will hardly be ready to announce
before the inauguration of Governor
elect Stone, on January 17, so that the
Legislature will not get down to work
in earnest before February. There Is
a strong sentiment amons 1 the legis
lators in favor of a short session. Both
Democrats and Republicans will cau
cus to-morro^' evening for the organi
zation of the houses. The Republicans
have a majority of 74 on joint ballot,
and naturally expect to control both
houses. There are 37 Republicans and
13 Democrats in the Senate and 127
Republicans and 11 Democrats and 6
fusioriists in the House.
Senator Quay's friends have fixed
Tuesday evening for the Senatorial
caucus, and the only question now Is
whether 128 Republicans will ro Into
the meeting. If they do, everybody ad
mits that Quay will control a majority
and that he will be nominated. His
opponents are making an effort to keep
enough members out of the conference
to prevent a nomination, and if they
can do this they expect to prevent the
Senator's re-election. Congressman
Dalzell of Pittsburg and Charles C.
Tubbs of Tioga are the other avowed
aspirants for the Senatorial nomina
tion.
The fight against Quay is being di
rected by E. A. Van Valkenburg. the
leading spirit of the Business Men's
League. Republican workers are belne:
brought here from all over the State
to take a hand in the fight for United
States Senator.
The hotels are crowded to-nlsht and
by to-morrow will be filled to overflow
ing. The Quay managers are on the
airirressive, and are leaving nothing un
done to make votes for their leader.
The anti-Quayites are Just as active,
but there are not near so many of
them and their policy will be fully out
lined before to-morrow.
The new capitol, although unfinished,
presents a very creditable appearance
Inside.
CONTESTS IN NEBRASKA
AND TENNESSEE
LINCOLN, Jan.* I.— With but few ex
ceptions, members-elect of the Ne
braska legislative session, which begins
on Tuesday, are in the city. The Sena
torial contest, which since the election
has secured most of the attention, has,
with the arrival of so many members,
for the time being given place to the
Speakership canvass. The Republicans
control both branches of the Legisla
ture, but in the lower house by a bare
majority of four, and with four active
Republican aspirants for the Speaker
ship and some bitterness awakened,
there Is a bare possibility that the fu
eionists may secure the presiding of
ficer. This is made possible by the re
fusal of a few Republicans to go Into
caucus and abide by the results. All
kinds of pressure was brought to bear
on these members, but up to midnight
without success. The Senatorship, It
is generally understood, is behind the
contest for Speaker.
NASHVILLE, Term., Jan. I.— Nearly
all of the members of the Legislature,
which meets at noon to-morrow, are in
the city. The body Is overwhelmingly
Democratic In both branches. Monday
the Democratic caucus will be held.
While it Is not certain that the selection
for United States Senator will be made
at Monday's caucus, it Is possible, as
there is no opposition to the re-election
of Senator W. B. Bate, and there will
be no opposition.
The State's finances will occupy
much of the time of the session, as the
floating debt amounts to $850,000, and
there is a growing demand for its
speedy retirement.
SHEEPSHEAD BAY
STAKE EVENTS
Coney Island Jockey
Club Fixtures.
NEW YORK, Jan. I.— The following
stake events of the Coney Island
Jockey Club, to be run over the course
of Sheepshead Bay at the June meeting
Of 1899, will close on January 3.
For ?>-year-olds and upward— The Subur
ban, $10,000, one and a Quarter miles.
The Advance, $2500 added, one and three
quarter miles.
The Coney Island handicap, $1500, Blx
furlongs.
Sheepshead Bay handicap, $1500, one
mile.
Long Island handicap, $2000, mile and a
furlong.
For 3-year-olds— The Swift, $1000 added,
seven furlongs.
The Spendthrift, $1000 added, mile and a
furlong. \
For 2-year-olds— The Great Trial, $20,000,
Futurity course.
The Double Event, guaranteed cash
value, JooOO each— First event, last five
and a half furlongs of Futurity course.
Second event, Futurity coursp.
The Zephyr, slooo added, Futurity course.
Tin: Vernal, $1000 added, last five fur
longs of Futurity course.
The Flight, $1125 added, seven furlongs.
The following stakes for the autumn
meeting of 1899 will close at the same
time:
For 2-year-olds and upward— The Flight,
$1250 added, seven furlongs.
For 3-year-olds— The September, $1250
added, mile and three furlongs.
For 2-year-olds— The Autumn, $3000,
seven furlongs.
For 2-year-olds— The Great Eastern
handicap, $5000, Futurity course.
The Futurity for the ..utumn meeting
of 1901, with $8750 added, estimated
value $25,000, to be run over the Fu
turity course at Sheepshead Bay, will
also close on January 8.
GUBERNATORIAL
THREATS.
Continued from Second Page.
struct its legislative delegation for Grant.
They admit that there was an instruction
to vote for a Southern California man
after Bulla was out, but they deny, that
it was intended that the vote should go to
Grant, under any circumstances.
The Grant men have sent south for a
certified copy of the instructions and will
have them here as soon as it is possible
to obtain them.
LANGFORD FOB. PHELAN.
The Nestor of the Upper House De
clares Himself.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. I.— Hon. B. F. Langford,
State Senator from San Joaquin, arrived
here to-day and to-morrow will begin his
twenty-fourth year of service in the Sen
ate of the California Legislature. He
never served in the Assembly, but since
his first election, twenty-three years ago,
he has served consecutively in the Senate.
He is a widely known Democrat of the
old echool, and to use his own expression,
Is a reformer from first to last He has
not yet made up his mind to go Into cau
cus of his party on the Senatorshlp. Ha
had a choice for Senator, however, and
speaking to-night of his preference said:
"I shai- cast my vote for Mayor Phelan
for United States Senator. I do not know
him, but from what I hear, I believe he Is
the right kind of a man.
The Senator Is always for reform and
most of the time for economy, but old
timers, almost as old as the Senator, ob
serve that his zeal gains new luster and
brilliancy after the State Institution in
San Joaquln County has been provided
with money for its support.
FEW LEGISLATORS IN TOWN.
The Departure of Statesmen for Sac
ramento Continues.
Last night's overland train carried an
other batch of legislators to Sacramento,
and the few remaining In this city will
probably leave for the capital some time
to-day. Those to go yesterday were
mostly statesmen from the interior of the
State, who came to San Francisco for the
purpose of comparing notes and finding
out how the land lay before the opening
of the Legislature, and remained over af
ter attending Saturday's caucus, visiting.
There are probably not more than half a
dozen remaining in the city, aside from
the San Francisco delegation.
The effort of the Burns men to create
the Impression that the candidacy of Bulla
for the United States Senate is merely a
blind, and that the Los Angeles man will
throw his strength to the Mexican
mine-owner when the proper time arrives, i
Is bitterly resented by the members of the
Los Angeles contingent who were still in
town yesterday. They said Burns is pim
ply trying to hoodwink unsophisti
cated legislators whose votes have not
been pledged to any candidate in order to
induce them to fall In line for him on the
supposition that he Is -the only candidate
witn any following. They declared that
Bulla is in the fight to stay, and that his
strength is growing dally. There is no
doubt that Bulla will secure many votes
of members, who, while they have no can
didate of their own, are unalterably op
posed to Burns' candidacy. Many who re
fuse to say how they will vot« are
only waiting for developments before an
nouncing their choice, but the majority
of those in this category do not hesitate
to say that they are not and will not be
for Burns under any circumstances.
PUBLIC FUNERAL OF
EMBASSADOR ROMERO
President McXinley Among Those
Who Honor the Memory of
the Mexican.
WASHINGTON, Jan. I.— Public funeral
services over the remains of the late
Don Matiaa Romero, the Embassador
from Mexico to the United States, who
died on Friday morning, were held at St.
Matthew's Church to-day. Distinguished
honor to the memory of the deceased was
manifested In the presence at the cere
monies of President McKinley, tive Pres
ident Hobart, nearly all the members of
the Cabinet, representatives of the entire
diplomatic corps, officers of the army and
navy and private citizens. At the con
clusion of the service the body was taken
to Mount Olivet Cemetery and placed
temporarily in a vault pending Its re
moval to Mexico.
Before the body was taken to the
church there were brief services at the
house,- attended mainly by the official
staff of the legation and the relatives and
immediate friends of the family. At the
church the casket, preceded by the Presi
dent and Cabinet, the honorary pall
bearers and other distinguished persons,
was borne to the body of the church in
front of the altar rail and placed on a
catafalque. The President was met at
the door by Senor Don Jose Godoy, the
first Secretary of the Mexican Embassy,
and escorted to a seat reserved for him.
Representatives from the State Depart
ment, the army and navy and from the
diplomatic corps acted as ushers. The
services at the church were very brief,
consisting of a low mass, followed by ab
solution services. Father Charles M.
Bart, assistant pastor of St. Matthew's
was the celebrant.
At the conclusion of the ceremonies the
casket was placed In a hearse and accom
panied by relatives and friends was taken
to the cemetery and placed In a vault.
Father Bart conducting the final services,
Succumbs to His Wound.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. I.— George B.
King, the Deputy City Engineer, who was
shot on Friday night by Teresa Kerr, died
this afternoon at the California Hospital.
The woman has been in a hysterical con
dition since the act.
FINAL REPORT ON
NICARAGUA CANAL
It Will Submit Estimates on Four
or Five of tf)e Proposed
Routes.
& NEW YORK, Jan. I.— A Washington special to the Herald says: &
£ Every effort is being made by. the Nicaragua Canal Commission to "8
5 hasten the completion of its final report on the practicability of an 8
# isthmian waterway. This report will submit estimates' .on four and 8
8 probably five routes, but from present indications the commission will &
6 not change its recommendation in favor, of the Lull route. In mak- 8
8 ing its estimates of $123,000,000 on the Lull route and $124,000,000 on 8
£ the Maritime route, the commission figured on a .canal which will 8
8 have an average width of 150 feet and constant depth of thirty feet. All 8
& locks, of course, will not be so wide, eighty feet having been selected 8
8 as the width. »
£ It is explained to me by a member of the commission that the char- O
8 acter of the soil would have a great deal to do with the width, but its : 8
# examination convinced the commission that 150 feet is the mean &jt-' v
# width to be adopted. In its estimates on other routes the commission . 8
8 is figuring on the same dimensions. Civil Engineer M. L. Endicott. $
6 chief of the Bureau of Yards and Docks, who was a naval member &
8 of the Ludlow Commission, pointed out to me to-day that the conclu- 8
£• sions of the Walker Commission were much the same as those of the &
« fomer. / »
0. "Our estimate as to the cost of the canal was something like $133,- &
8 000,000," Endicott said. "Th» estimates of Rear Admiral Walker and 8
8 Civil Engineer Haupt are $10,000,000 lower, but the estimates of Col- 8
8 onel Haines ad, j2O per cent to their estimate, so that the mean is &
8 about what the Ludlow board fixed as the cost of the proposed 8
& canals. ' The Ludlow board called particular attention in Its port 33
6 to the Lull route as being worthy of close investigation. I think &
5 the Lull route practicable, but I would not say It is the best until I 8
8 had examined the records' and reasons of the Walker Commission. &
£• To make the Ochoa dam lower lessens the difficulty of the problem, 8
8 and I think consideration of this point probably makes strong reason 8
& for Rear Admiral Walker and his colleagues in urging the low level 8
» route." ' , &
GOLD SEEKERS
BRAVE ALASKA'S
WINTER GALES
Race Through Snow
for Claims.
DARING TRIP OF PROSPECTORS
CALIFORNTANS STAKE LOCA
TIONS ON PORCUPINE.
Believe the Camp There Will Eclipse
Atlin When the Spring Stam
pede to the "Diggings".
Begins.
BY HAL HOFFMAN.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JUNEAU, Alaska, Dec. 24 (by steam
er Al-Ki to Seattle Jan. 1).— Old winter
himself has no terror the gold hunter
will not dare. A party which has just
returned from Porcupine Creek, up the
Chilkat trail, faced howling storms and
four feet of snow in order to reach and
stake some small creeks which Jiead up
from Porcupine. These ' creeks had
been prospected a little at their mouths
and were known to contain fine gold on
the surface. It was a race and a fight
against the elements, for the way was
hard and provisions for a quick trip
necessarily short. The party chartered
a small steamer. Among them were:
Edward Fenley, who, with S. W. Mix,
is the discoverer of Porcupine Creek,
and is a California miner hailing from
Los Angeles and Randsburg; O. M.
Dutton of Dawson, Andrew Scheff of
Gunnison, Colo.; Jack Bigelow of Daw
son, McKenzie of Juneau and Sam Lu
cas of Norwalk, Cal. Fenley was in
duced to become the leader of the Dar
ty, being familiar with the country and
having reliable knowledge possessed
by no one else.
The following new creeks were named
and staked— that is, what is believed
to be the best ground was staked: Clear
Creek, Summit, Little Salmon, Glacier,
Marble, Bear and Deer. Twenty loca
tions were made on Clear and Summit
creeks and fifteen on Little Salmon.
The return of this party has increased
the confidence of the people here in the
Porcupine Creek district. The gold is
clear and clean, being of finer quality
than any that has come out of Dawson
that I have seen. Fenley said this aft
ernoon:
"I think there will be a better camp at
Porcupine than at Atlin. though as yet
it has not been possible to learn just
how good the ground is nor h«Jw wide
spread the placer deposits may be. The
discovery was made too late in the
fall to go to bedrock on more than a
few claims. I weighed my dust the
other day that I took out of Discovery
on Porcupine and found nuggets
amounting to three ounces and a half.
Pete Nation and a man named Scott
are wintering in there, but about every
body else has come out. There is Fix
f ee t <->f snow on the ground, the rivers
and creeks are still open and it is im
possible to travel, as you cannot folio-.'
the creeks or get along the mountain
sides. The claims are of twenty %cres,
and that is another reason why it ou^ht
to be a better camp than Atlin."
Clear, Summit and Little Salmon
creeks are in what- has been namei'the
Salmon River district. A miners' meet
ing was held thore and laws passed
that not more than one Ideation could
be made by one man; thnt claims
shquld be of not more than 1000 feet in
stead of 1500. so ns to eive mor* men a
chance to strike something, ami that all
claims takon before August 15 next
must have $100 worth of work done on
them before the January following. S.
W. Mix of Shasta. Cal.. wa.= made Re
corder of this district. These latest
claims were staked in the snow. Over
100 claims in all have been staked in the
Porcupine Creek -district.
LEAVING DAWSON BY
THE RIVER TRAIL
JUNEAU, Alaska, Die. 28 (by steam
er Al-Ki to Seattle, J;i*i. I>.— The Al-kl
put In here for two h-mrs and hastened
southward with H^out . thirty men
aboard who had corie over the ice and
snow up the river fx>m Dawson. Klon
dikers are cominp up the river now
every few days. Jome say the trail la
hard and others nff It is easy, the opin
ion depending of the experience and
hardihood of th* man. The condition
in Dawson is wlAt might be called nor
mal — plenty of food, plenty of whisky,
plenty of sport eto., for those who ha,ve
the means and desire to enjoy them
selves. There is no danger of a short
age of food. Men in the mines get $1
an hour for eight hours' work a dajr,
as a rule, though a few companies are
paying only $5 a day.
J. M. Ryan of Port Townsend. Wash.,
says there is work in Dawson for all
who want to look for it. Work at the
mines is going right along, and the
dumps of gravel containing gold are in
creasing rapidly. The Canadian police
posts and road houses along the river
make traveling a "picnic," as compared
with the rough experience of last wln-«
ter.
About Deoember Ist there was a
stampede to a new creek named Car
lisle, about thirty miles from Thistle
Creek, near the mouth of Stewart
River. Gold was reported there in
plenty. It is a small creek. People, aa
usual, left Dawson unprepared in the
effort to get there first, and must un
dergo hardships and danger before they
can get back.
Among the best known Klondikers
aboard the Al-Ki are Major Strickland
of the mounted police, and wife, who
are going to Ottawa, Ont., lor the win
ter, and Captain Pingree, a brother of
Governor Pingree of Michigan, who is
interested In a Dawson commercial
company.
• ADVERTISEMENTS.
THEY WANT TO TELL
These Grateful Women Who Have
Been Helped by Mrs. Pinkham. :j
- ( :
Women who have suffered severely
and been relieved of their ills by Mrs.
Pinkham's advice and medicine are
constantly urging publication of their
statements for the benefit of other wo-
men. Here are two such letters:
Mrs. Lizzie Bevkelt, 258 Merrimac
St., Lowell Mass., writes:
11 It affords me great pleasure to tell
all suffering women of the benefit I have
received from taking Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound. Icanhard-
ly find words to express my gratitude for
what she has done forme. My trouble
was ulceration of the womb. I was un-
der the doctor's care. Upon examina-
tion he found fifteen very large ulcers,
but he failed to do me good. I took sev-
eral bottles of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound, also used the Sanative
Wash, and am cured. Mrs. Pinkham's
medicine saved my life, and I would
recommend it to all suffering women.'*
Mrs. Amos Trombleat, Ellenburgh
Ctr., N. V.. writes:
"I took cold at the time my baby
was born, causing me _to have milk
legs, and was sick in bed for eight
weeks. Doctors did me no good. I
surely thought I would die. I was al-
so troubled with falling of the womb.
I could not eat, had faint spells as
often as ten times a day. One day a
lady came to see me and told me of the
benefit she had derived from taking
Lydia E. Pinkham's medicine, and ad-
vised me to try it. I did so, and had
taken only half a bottle before I was
able to sit in a chair. After taking
three bottles I could do my own work.
lam now in perfect health." '
lERCES
Imd? FAVORITE
SCRIPTION
JL FOR WEAK WOMEN.
IMPRVIT A Kestom VITALITY
1 V3JL 1 VMM LOST VIGOR
/SjgPliilfL ', "^ANDMANHOOD
Kfif^L J Cur " Night Emissions 2nd wasting
B9J9^fi diseases, all effects of self-abuse, or eicew m!
>2t &V, {?° iscrct ' on - A nerve-tonic and blood-builder.
I >^f ° rin the pink glow to pale cheeks and res
••JF^W stores the fire of youth. By mail 500 per
|&^glboz, 6 boxes for $2.50; with a WrUta,
PJIP^iS to cure or refund the money.
»m»ita medical Co., Clinton ft Jackson $ts., ebtatoa.
WALLER BROS.. 33 Grant aye..San Francl B coL
AH!! lifl and Mor P hin «> Habits
IMi I Bill cured home. Writs
U 111 for fu " Particulars and
W 1 ***■■■ book free
• IN ™AN OPIUM 'CUKE, B. D. K.MMIB.
1 uck St.. San Francisco.
Bad way's
rs N .y3 bh p j£&%THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. -| THE EMPORIUM. | , THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
(j^ ' ■.;■-. . '-:.'; . <f
| U\[o transaction is completed in this store until the customer is satisfied. closed Monday. The rainy-day shopping place — everything under one roof. J
(P> j '■'.■'• -■ . • • 2
J Special Discounts on . Prepare for the biggest and best Bargains that the big store has ever offered. Three of the Biggest %
% Many Important Lines. Do not expect to find everything in the house reduced in price, but do expect to find Grocery Specials Ever Offered. T
* One-Third Off on Library, Piano and Banquet Lamps, Onyx Tables, Bisque Fig- hrr>W»n linP pvprv <;nrnlil<; nipr^ nf ot>dH<; pvph; nrM cjta that ie loff in cfnrl/ The Best Or X Granulated Cane Sugar this week 18* lbs f0r.... 5/.00 1
t ores, Bric-a-Brac and Bohemian vases. every oroKen line, every burpius piece ox gooas, every oaa size mat is lert in stock * Limit $? Worth to Each Customer ■ *>
i ta°E°" a ' te|l< " f " to '' v China Jardini^., Umbrella Sta) " -Fi '" marked at prices lower than similar goods haVe ever been sold for in California. Oe«wr« F«.»«s-i-!b ' tinB - Blackb?rrie3 ' Cherries and GrapM-exclle-t go^- «
* pJ^S?Sl I Sfn^^^^ k Expect to find a great variety of bargains in each department, and large quantities of ' 'think as^i "« i^-i^^'i^P^^Tiir^ %
» Bil e^""r"f'^"r quadr " plepUted Wait "'' ' ati ° finish " " " a briS " c °" those specially advertised, so that there will be no disappointment. Everything " ■ fl \ ' ?
* «£SK?MiT2KS!ttE!: CurinS th ' Cleat '" B^ iM * that pertains to the winter season only is irresistibly price reduced. Below are but **£» LiZn^L?^!'' 98 I
t oJSTSSSRECS^J&C arSSaA^ ?iCt ° re8 ' Plai ° Md a few of the offerings. Buying time is when money buys most-buying time has come. Par t wine, K "™L S TZ "T. .....' soc ?
> 20 Per Cent Off from publishers' prices on our immense stock of Books, ex- n pn A ntl . Sherry Wine, regularly 75c gallon, this week sOc <*
* cepting only School, Text and Medical Books, which are always at a fixed net price. IXOiav un . | Kentucky Bourbon, 5 years old, full quart bottles, regularly $1, this week.. ,Boc *
| Bargains in Men's Furnishings. Sale of Exquisite Silks. January Dress Goods Sales. |
i Men's 50c Tecks, Clubs, Four-in-Hands and Puff [ Men's 50c Derby-ribbed Underwear, fast c010r5..33c All broken and surplus lines of the choicest Silk Fabrics brought to this coast are re-marked at It is absolutely impossible for a buyer to exactly gauge the demand for Dress ♦
* Ties, newest effects : 33c Men's $1.25 all-wool Underwear, blue color, silk amazing i y low prices for January clearance. Here's a hint of California's biggest silk bargains. p nn Ac IS aDSOlUteiy impossible lor aDuyer to exactly gauge tne aemana lor iwess ♦
* Men's 25c Tecks, Four-in-Hand and Club Ties...l9c trimmed 98c 21-inch Fancy Jacquard Figured Taffetas in scroll designs, 12 colorings to select from; also Fancy Bro- during an entire season. He IS bound to buy too many of some lines and too +
* Men's all-linen Hemstitched Handkerchiefs He Men's $1.25 Llama wool double sewn Under- caded Satin Duches3e, manufactured to sell for $1.50 per yard. Clearing sale price- 87c few of others. It the lines that We have too many — Choice this season S fabrics ♦
* Men's 75c Twilled Silk Initial Handkerchiefs, large wear 89c 21-inch Printed Warp and Jacquard Figured Taffeta, in figures, scrolls and metallic effects, manufac- every One of them — that have been SO pitilessly price-CUt to close them out. 2
* size ~ sftc Men's 65c Overshirts in black duck, black satin tured to retail for $1.25 per yard. Clearing sale price 69c 2
t Men's 50c Silk Initial Handkerchiefs, full size.. .34c stripes and fancy stripe cotton, extra sizes 22-inch Basket Weave Plaids, mostly reds and greens, manufactured to sell for $1.50 per yard. Clear- COLORED DRESS GOODS* $1.25 All-Wool Plaids, now 98c
A, Men's 25c Silk Web Suspenders '8c \ only 5 - c ing sale price .• 79c \ «,' o- ..r« t, o, • • on 85c, $1 and $1.25 Silk and Wool Fancy Plaids, <f>
ig» Boys' sl Wool Sweaters 77c ; Men's Unlaundered White Shirts, linen bosom, 21-inch Black Silk and Satin Brocade, medium figures and scrolls, retail value $1 and $1.25 per yard, i * 1 -^ and $1.50 Fancy Suitings, now 89c n( ™ 4 ; #> 73 C *
> Men's 25c all-wool Half Hose, natural, tan and ! double back, regular price 50c, 65c and 85c, Sale price 7BC f Redfern Checks, 50-mch, now. 73c 50c fpplin Plaids, now 39c ♦
* camel's hair color 19c sale price 34c 22-inch Black Silk and Satin Brocades, rich scroll designs, retail value $1.25 and $1.35 per yard. Sale fl Figured Camel's Hair Suitings, now 73c ~JL, "*
* Men's $1 double neck Sweaters 77c Men's $1 French Percale Shirts, fast colors.. .78c price Q?c $1 Cheviot Checks n0w...... •••••••-.••• ...73c BLACK DRESS GOODS. 1
* Men's 50c camel's hair Shirts and Drawers, all ; Men's $1.50 French Madras Shirts, fast c010r5.51.08 ■ toe Cheviot, Boucle and Silk and Wool Mixtures, • ■ . " 47c J
* sizes 33c i Men's $1 and $1.25 Laundered White Shirts, pure . ■ : — — now 58c 7ocßou|;le inches wide, now 47c l
f M«n'<f Vf''VVmel''V"hVir"linderwear 66 cer cent linen bosom 6Sc , - 65c Bayadere Stripes and Mixtures, now 42c $1,20 Boucle, 52 inches wide, now 79c »
1 wool ":....r. ..89c MeSlNs! Shirks C 5...". 79c MBS STgßg^^ f£a*e*2*si\3 S^g^tSsß^g^H ' 60c Silk and Wool Mixtures, n0w....'..:. 42c 60c Bayadere Novelty 46 inches wide, now 39c J
£ * - jP®3M rUM v & ISJ9ir&sBWßjf S%e€siMG&SS. 60c All- Woo! Fancy Checks, now 42c $1 Bayadere Novelty, 52 inches wide, now 79c J
S _. mmm**. ' wt «.i. it*. t. -i xi i 50c Fancy Mixed Suitings, now 38c $1 Camel's Hair Novelty, 40 inches wide.now.. 68c
5 £%Bir7x'24nrn<& Fi*nßn 2$SS* tO 73C- fiTX)* arm weather has left us heavily overstocked— 50c Two-toned Fancy Suitings, 38 inches, n0w..25c $1-25 Fancy Hoharane, 49 inches wide, n0w.... 75c *>
» %EBZ&t?&8» mm %mmmm mm%*%* fi«^ m ***** (^^}l-\ , hence vigorous and unsparing reductions in prices to $1.50 Peirala Suiting, 44 inches wide, n0w... 51.22 «
* All odd lots-broken sizes and color lines-must go. .If your size and color is among them, the best A%t^ close Out many lines. Here are two very special FANCY PLAIDS. $1 Crepons, 44 inches wide, now 73c J
* bargain yon ever got awaits yon now. . • • (&L&»*<^ ft (f or :_», ,i,;i fl It,. lnfc , loc , f . J * $1.25 Crepons, 44 inches wide,now 98c V
* Ladies' 2 and 3 clasp 4-button Mousquetaire and Hook Kid Gloves— former prices $1, $1.25 and $1.50 ir^^sL Ottermgo wnile tne lots last . $1.50 Crepon effects, now 98c $2 Crepons, 44 inches wide, now : $1.50 ♦
* — sizes 6u, 6-^, 7 and 7' 2 only — January Clearing Price ...., 49c /fS-i*'-.'^ j^L , t>- ,mi t, r. , . A , , , . ■ X
{ Children's Kid Mittens * lined-former price 75c pair-Clearance Sal? Price 26c «4\i^P 125 Rich Black Fur Capes-made m the best manner from J
I Ladies' Fur-top Gloves, lined, all sizes-former price $1.00 pair— Clearing Sale Price 49c »5 /' per^ e , C . . skins— lined Wlth hea ' T black all " slIk satm '■ : ♦
J Ladies' Fur-top Gloves, lined, all sizes— former price $1.50 pair-Clearance Sale Price 730 /^T^f^k 16 inched 18 C Tnch"len U ths forme^Sl^M-^O 4 ' *
* © M~ 4 v y~^ H§ d - 'Jz'-fJ ? fJ^ .ien g ?n\wriysi&()o^cfearing o ™irprice ■ ~ an ~ mc Drapery Department Clearance. ' *
» Small NettOnS at Small rrtCeSm ■& y j-^^ $6.35. Housekeepers should not fail to read this portion of our Clearing Sale announcement. *
Fancy Cotton Belting, former price 45c piece, n0w....... :... 24c J^JP J^% v^, . " Curtain Ends— Travelers' samples, 200 only, full width and 1^ and 2 yards long, splendid oat J
£, Scinch Kid Curlers, former price oc dozen, now 2 dozen for •*«, *<&0&&i> * *ib* 7^& ,^« „,,.,. r, , ', » torn* Ear-h * • " tSo to 4-Oc 2
£ gteen Covered Dress Steels, former price 8= dozen, now, |C J^W' ».* Alpine Bear Fur Boas-S ! yards long-former Mat^B-SS S'widTas^^ 'j^^^^^%i^t^2^!S I
9* Black Whalebone Casing, former price 7c piece,. now **** ■, '■^^^j^^.Vij^^'^^ prices $>_.dv, $d.bu ana $4.UJ each— clearing sale price yard to •• ' tSc *
* Reliable Cloth Covered Corse: Steels, former price 7c pair, now ~ : *C '"•'■.^^S^^\\\» £%&&** SUk O line "36 ' inches wide,"good' patterns" "'ciearbglaie pric^ peV yard"""Z'"'"!"""!"Z"..6o *
J Warren's Side Supporters (chads', were 7c pair, now f-C V r //WTr^ X WGm Lace Curtains inches wide, 3u yards long, floral designs, well covered, 75 pairs only. ' Per *
J? Warren's Side Supporters (misses >, were 12c pair, now > *** \ "y 7 • r ■ , $131 ♦
Warren's Side Supporters (ladies'), were 15c pair n0w....... "•—"?"; ®® Table Govers ripesifry— assorted coiore,''fVrmerprice^7eachVoniy42Yeitl''To'close.s«C *
J Ladies' Security Belt Hose. Supporters, wjtte orj black,-reduce4 from 20c pair to 12c - .- mm -B *% *-&- Art Ticking I 'r^ V \c, ?sc. per yard Clearing sale price • 18c ♦
i HTr%Er^ % Astonishing Beyond Competition, 7011 "^ 0 ' a kind - Nottinghams - Iri3h SSSS *
* SSSiiiS '^^!^:!^:.!?i:zz:ziriizz: :IS Prices in Domestic Departments. \ odd Portieres-^y and couch covers and s^ie D OOr portieres, t0 ci ose and very^edai |
| votS^srgoorSitv^Stm'^ 1G 7°o ! When comparing our January Clearing Sale prices for Domestics with the lowest j CheniSle^rtl&res^oM pairs,' %^y^"j^^™:^J**i to $5 «
* Black Velvet Belt, jewel buckle, were 50p each, now '. 23c prices you have heretofore known, compare the qualities. Our goods are guaranteed •• . .
* . • — to be of the first grade. We carry no seconds. We confidently assert that these : 7 : ' *
5* Q..54 Smlfmti {*EimSm§€ Gif^Siß^intM are c owest prices for the same qualities that have ever been quoted in California. ■ » • *
J &MB* *&t3a&i *jrBZ**BIM 4#*C7*7£ MS Biff a While lamb's Wool Blankets- Strictly pure Australian wool, silk ribbon binding 2.< iSh §§£§?+&§%* '& B^Bli+Mßi&hinSgS R®dlUGed. *
* A Clearance Sale in this particular department includes everything — not of inches wide to match border, size 72x80 inches, our $9 leader. Clearing sale'price, per pair.s7.6s HLPBBaB&IB %*.. «* . wsma t08.&88..8<*2*3* a****m*m<m****mm
* one or two' or three lines of goods but everything. All garments are now reduced — Fine White Blankets— lot, about 40 pairs, California wool, well made, size 6' 2 x7 feet, a ! Children's Jean Waists, for ages Ito 6, well made, were 10c, 12c, 14c, 16c, . *
i some that have already been cut in price are cut deeper. Those that were not are w^ ?**££s*.'£'■ '£*£& SEMI iIrSSrSTSSS^Si^^S ki 73 CittS-ii^'SS™^--^ • $*% I
» now marked down to Clearing prices— nothing spared. . inches, were $6 a pair. Sale price $4.00 ; Babies' Snort Dresses, every one a beauty, were $5, now .V.'..; 53.95 . U~.~ S| «
J J\£,L JACKETS REDUGEDm White Wool Blankets— Eastern make la small mixture of cotton), 66 inches wide, a fine 1 1 Children's Fine Hats, some of the prettiest, were $2.50, now $1.50 J&^Jut^ *
A «xjii.*ii. .Ti t i! »« n i ^ k^f mt.i | hotel blanket, were $3.75 a pair. Sale price $2.95 Children's Silk Hats "red or white," were 75°, now ......50c C l G£~ls&LAzffi~^\ <*'
! @% .^^i^szi^^zp^^^A 5^ - 32 ° sIS Gaps ' COloredvelvetandplu !: I:^7scanisl:.^41 :^ 75can i $1 :.^45 C ■ WM^h *
* $&J% WaS le6S than ? 7 - o °- most of them flO-and some were higher-clearing Sc£3gt/et Blankets-California wool, weight 10 lbs, size 74x86 inches, a little soiled, our $11 |84 Plaid Druses" trimmed "with cashmere on yoke and cuff, all lined, for j \?0 '^W^£ 1
£ ' ST^? PnCe •■"■' 3 *T* /^jQ a pair blanket. Sale price $5.90 ages 2to 6, were 75c, now 39c '/$M4 [ \ 11 WT J
* \Z$ New style all-wool Jacket like picture— ■ <&fM ($P%b Brown Blankets— Oregon wool, size 72x84 inches, weight 10 lbs, our good $9 a pair value. 240 Tennis Flannel Dresses, 1, 2 and 3 year sizes, were 40c, now 29c f|S| Mj \'i\ *
* Jk&)K^ black only — faced — this and many other .'■ TitHF fc^«Y Sale price $G. 90 66 Children's Dresses, boucle dots, for ages 2to 6, were $1.25, now ~ 85c jkfjl,^ L_ !^v^i *
* e W^\^f^ new st >' le J acket 3 that have been " " 8 - 50 « ' •V 7 V]• Comforters— grade white cotton filling, fancy stitched, desirable in every respect, only 8 >- „ children's Woolen Dresses reduced— No M^r'^BW-'^m *
1811 flSif M 1 9 00 and $10.00— all colors and sizes— ' • JSi J^Wvrov dozen left. On sale at $1.35 . reserve. *
* /M°m \ / Clearin " rice -•"• $G ' 9s nS?inJ^V\ |D °^?e^frf?^~ GoodBateen C ° Vering ' Stand3rd fU " BiZe notmanyleft - Sale P^^J i Children's Jackets, not many, for ages 4to 14, newest styles and pretty colorings. fffeS>PP 1
t A^lfiT^^/ 1 , Great assortment of new style silk-lined \ JCf Wl V \ v\\U\ Fine Comforters t silkoline covering, hand made, tufted with fine wool, sheet laminated ! __/« $0.00, n^--;--- V " ; •"• ;":";;** *.
i ; Jackets-all kinds of cloth-all colors and WI \IL f\\W) . while cotton filling, assorted lots, the lowest price being $2.25. Your choice for $1.85 i Children's Long Jackets, the one-year size, blue, tan and brown, beautifully _«|gi^ *
A Id- -<->\ Vfn - that have " been $11.00, ?12 -.° < ,° Q - and . r Flannelettes—ln rich dark and medium colorings— plenty of them, too; our regular first-class 10c trimmed, were $0, now :. '° 3 v^ J
* iJul#T\ 13 60 "- cle * ril « Price.:..;.. * 8>9 ° . /^T)\\jTl\ a yard makes. Clearing sale price !..........:. .? 5^ ' . . «
(&■ '!iiw|~~v \ All-wool all silk-lined Black and Blue /// \\m I |I\\ \ ■ Tennis Flannels— For night gowns, wrappers, • etc.; not the common makes, but the real 8,4 c a ' <"
* " (mostly Black) Cheviot Tailor Dresses — ■/ \\ \ A 1 \ V yard Swansdown grade. Clearing sale price 6ssc ' "t
* medium weight— fly fr^nt— Jacket— plain skirt— both lined— all m l/ffi/U Wooi Flannels— When we say the genuine Ballard Vale manufacture we say enough. Clearing : Mzssliid Underweap and Corsets. J
t through with afl-filk black Taffeta — was $25.00— clearing A/[;\ f J, I |\ |[\\ V Bale price, per yard 25c BWSBA9MBBE VffM&ff WC«H 9mmm+m w«**«»«~W «
A price $10.50 //]%. #/: '■■; \J \\ 1 Canton Flannels— -Bleached or unbleached, the heavy solid fabric, that pays for the trouble of /* 136 Ladies' Muslin Gowns— Two styles, beautifully made, lace 2
xv • , ' 1 . .» _-i _  .. , . /X i** *I ■ \ I \ ' making up, our 10c a yard makes. Clearing sale price 7^c /^^T^. Mmmpd novor bofnrp lew than SI 50 each Clearing price ....QBo 2
! looStt^coTrfa^ L4 f \U M ll R ° lleriDg KitCh6n MIS t^;/^^2S£^ H Sed yoke, cambric ru|g |
t ha x: s S« *a i !isSs^^*sE^^^EEE^Ss 2^ l^^^"'''^*'^^^''^^"^^ ♦
» sizes-have been $22.50, $25.00, $27.50— clearing price... Bleached Table Damask-Good in quality,' style and" finish,' our 75c a yard goods. Clearing ffv^M^f 600** Ladies'' Tennis Flannel ' "V°f? j
* _,_ mm.- nyinrc DcniinFtl :** sa!e price, per yard ....„ 5Sc j / ijjw&rl V Gowns— Good patterns and colors, pearl buttons, jr*g\ «
U is^) ALL UAt*£.& n£.UUU£Um , Cream or Half Bleach Damask— A good close woven linen. 60 inches wide, durable for ; \\'^^^| were 65c, now '.. :..... ..38c %r-^« ■ *
* '_. <^^^ 10-inch new Plush Collarette, trimmed with light fur and satin ribbon and | _ hotel, restaurant or family U3e. Clearing sale price, per yard .' 35c ! Vj9pp%!|!| " 86 Lace Trimmed Skirts— Elegant ; Tsi? ♦
&■ X^S X 2?^ beading ; silk lined ; was $5.00 ; clearing price $2.75 \ Pillow Cases— 5-4 size, not an extra quality, but sale price commends them (only 50 dozen). . • /' j Ij^li trimming to the knee, were $10.75 each. Clearing *J^" >l *
* /%:-/\ .\y£ New 18-inch Plush — silk lined, trimmed with light opossum around Each ...6^c ////i I 'I/, pr i ce L $7m50 7\ w<v "!!m *
a y^^J^S^ collar and down — was $6.50— clearing price $3.95 j Sheets— Ready for us?, well made, good quality, but makes that we shall discontinue. Clearing sale 'jhl j ' ! , V pairs Ladies' Drawers—^Good /aITYI/I *
6 —^v^KI^V $7.50 New Gold Cape cut to i $12.50 and $15.00 new Gold Cape prices— B-4 size, 37; 2 c ; 9-4 size, 40c, and 10-4 size, 4'2}^c. , ////I I muslin three tucks all sizes, were 25c, now 15c ■ //\il!i/\ 1
£ Z&^fißßr) '• • $5.00 : cut to ; $10.00 D-M I '( 400 B>airs Ladies' Cambric and //irrW \ *
* >Gol3w£'i&A $10.00 New Gold Cape cut t0...57.50 I $18.00 New Gold Cape cut t0.512.a() ! ■ • \ Muslin Drawers— Elegantly trimmed, were ,// A //)\ : > «
t jQ^mWWm & LL WAISTS REDUCED. • mm - _* ma m •'/ \ $i, n0w^.......^.........^ " 65c 2
! #811111^ ,^An,w.onv a i S t-.inedyoke-,o,id colors and all sizes-was $1.20 Hosiery BlUl Underwear. ■' '\ a o J a f'ff°^rZTCTltt&MM, .*
* r ' 81Z !^ carton OmtMUrn i LadieB ' 4( >-ga«ge fast black seamless Cotton Hose, silk finished, Clearing Sale price 9g ~L3" . neck, felled seams, sizes 34 to 42, were 10c, now..sc 'V^jMhra^* 5
* ALL SKIRTS Rk.S3UGk.Um j Ladies' soc Richelieu ribbed fancy lisle thread Hose, black boot and colored top stripe combinations. Limit 310 a single customer. P^J?t4*s^3s?* ♦
a New Black Crepon Skirt— perfectly made— assorted patterns— best lining and binding— was $4.50 ! high-spliced heels and double toes, Clearing Sale price 3 pairs for $1,00 , 1200 Corset Covers— Wide embroidery trimming, V-shape ' *^^ >Xt " *
T —clearance price..» • • • $3.35 , Ladies' Richelieu ribbed black opera length Maco Cotton Hose, sizes 8, 84 and 9 only— former price ; n eck were 25c, now... • • ISO ■ v 2
* Assorted lot "of finest New Silk and Woolen Skirts— some of the latter silk lined— many styles j 45c. Clearing Sale price 24c 12QO ladies' Corset Covers— High neck, felled seams, embroidery trimmed, were 2.
* skirts in this lot that have been $15— most of them have been $10— cleari 12: price $5.75 j Ladies' Merino Vests and Pants, full regular make American Hosiery Co."— ■9 c now • • We <•
I ALL WRAPPERS, UNDERSKIRTS, DRESSING SACQUES \ I|S IJ Is g»J S f f ™ SS 5 ° ac e h ac n h ;r' $?.%% " " Limit ' '° * customer - Z
i AND MACKINTOSHES REDUCED. ! Ladies' fulYfa^io^d Union Su^^^ cream I- IS! Imported Cotton Knit SkirtsAU colors, well made, were 50c, now 35C J
* New Fall Flannelette and Heavy Wrappers-dark color-all sizes-lined waists-were 90c-clear- | : and ecru, former price 75c each, now ,;.: 48c ■ '*» Aprons-XW over embroidered last week were 3oc now. 25c +
* . r >g ; ■; (JBc I Children's heavy fleece-lined Vests and Pants, ecru color, formerly 25c each, now We We. have no bad style Corsets or old stock. Prices are reduced on all surplus lines, and some of the ♦
si ' ri(-.'<V'l()'f"o*f slijrht'lv soiled New Dressing Sacques, all colors and sizes, were $1.50, $2, $2 50 and ; Ladies' heavy wool mixed Vests and Pants, slight manufacturer's imperfections, formerly 50c each, I best Corset bargains of the year are your 3 to-day. ♦
%so so_3earinß ; price..:.......' ? 1 - Of) : now "- • • • 39c \ 400 pairs Standard makes, all sizes, always $1.25, now .-. ...85c *
*► S ° New Fancy Striped Silk Moreen Underskirt — 3 small ruffljs--was $7 50— clearing price $4.95 : Ladies' finest quality "Zimmerli" Combination Suits, colors natural, black, white and pink— 320 pairs Standard makes, all sizes, always $2, now ....5 1.65 J
* All 83.50 and $4 00 Mackintoshes cut to $2.(»5 ; All $7.00 and $8.00 Mackintoshes cut to $4.95 High neck and long sleeves, formerly $5 each, now ....: $3*47 36 pairs Fine Satin Ribbon Corsets, size* IS to 23, were $12, now v ....... .. $8.25 .^
* All "$5OO and $6.00 Mackintoshes cut to $3.95 j All $9 00 and $10.00 Mackintoshes cut t0.... 56. 95 I High neck and short sleeves, formerly $4.25 each, now $2.93 120 Bustles, that were 25c, now • • 20 c
fr m ■ ~ ' ■ — — — ' ■ — ° 1 <^
I THIS THE BARGAIN CLIMAX MFURMTU SELUNG. r ~- |
I The Qualities Can Be Depended Upon— There's Enough of Each Line Advertised for Several Days" Selling— The Prices Are Extraordinary. |
£ ■ A ■ ■ >l^3W -WWiii 11 ')"'" ."^>^ ) GREAT CLEARANCE SALE OF \ , *== ss=saS=iS n .Wg n &■***** 1
'* ■« * n e?J *^t*^ RUGS, CARPETS AND LINOLEUMS. , .^v^ A P^F^IWBI S^^^S U^^^^l *
t ]&&%?%] I I W^^nl M^^&r&fiF^^lifi $1.50 Bigelow Axminsters, best quality. To close out, per yard •. $1.20 QLssEI^L. U W// WA if M'kklyM ' ''llfi'lßl ffWi » : ~ ::^ ? 1 S
*• l^r^^Sl S*A £$ lw>^ir?TT \(li 3ml\ : il If $1-35 Hartford Axminsters, good durable carpet and fine line of patterns. To close • | " )l\iM/ W[\ " 'W~ 71 1-^i rTul • lltoJil * ?=:ait ===a;~ ♦
* ' R^Jr«/' Jw ■[ ■ ill " 1 H lOn ill Qa^" «?]• $1 Smith's Axminsters, with border to match Clearing sale price Si^c =ft=z'^\^^sa^vl ■ ffi ' «>--_ M .■'- 1 1 .' I I > ==^£l~£ «
* I lli»Ill#J/ Ii f '' W) yl'lllii* cSLs-^" ifift^T^ ■* M $1.25 Lowell Body Brussels, best quality made. To close out, per yard $1.00 1 .^L_ A 1 "*!___, r °Tj vy/ &*~' ii' 1 ' ' || ■'< i^^Tl *
* ' I RMi II r TfM\\ \ \%f C^-Sot^Jl»^W ' I Kj^^r^ mJ=# 90c Ten-wire Tapestry Brussels, in all leading makes, borders to match. To close ~^»^tejy . v lr°'~V °~*Tr ' J/'— -_" ■ ,'(11 • lift = % „ _ '*
•> /L Zjl 1 1 \\»Asj4^Ss?*w I • jF^^^s % KJ*^" Cheaper grade of Tapestry Brussels, borders to match, endless number of patterns, Tj<s? a ' te «» ' '"**»" rfM> F ~"' JT= ''ill I I ■Ifll » i ml \ J~^Xo) ,^, «
* r- —^^^^'^n' W^^&^^^^l SC^^M^i- j* This Solid Oak DlninK Table. for .■ .'....55 c - - ~iili , T "T — ~ lX_ L = -^r , I, , Ljli (111 &; ilii ?I 1/ A?/A7A *
* IT^^TrN YZs^&& / &^Z£l)&m// 2 " in top. box front, .fluted carve.l Good Heavy Ingrain, regular 50c quality, for 35c U^^" === ft ■**-— r~U i 'lA| \ IB I I f^^f vs'
* T«t— Li ItH 8 • /l^^^%^W wo nh r j8 n soi°n^ peOP V^ n OK • Good Durable All-wool Smyrna Rugs, size 60 inches by 26 inches, regularly $2.50, 30^ llT**^* l^/^ . lilil I filbS " ■ UkM^Jdl *
j ,^te q \\ u_y M^^ijy "•" .v:.v.^4.y&. now ..sl.^s . (f^=l . . ThuVond quarts [--S^ -"ll -4 -^i ■ «••
£ s^f=|"JL\ ll -^ -^^ '(^\ — _' • Size 63xc0 inches, reguaryso now... $1.85 Thifl Beclroom Sult( finished in mahog- *%*• h * l i tk BO af • ■ F^ ' hj|)J^^flSi^l|
5T \\ Ij-^" M ZZZ> '"■•:■ Size 72x36 inches, regularly $3.70, now $2.6.) any, highly polished, elaborately carved. a v S «?d fo? $13 75 "tm -. m .. nn v ' 2
? 1 v - v VF" V < ===^- = - = -j^ ', . Linoleums in great variety of patterns and designs, best quality, in 4 yards wide, . universal French bevel glass: worth clearing- Sai<§ Price..! * scr^'n Uith any' 2
f D 0 . This Solid; Oak -or I IB TY regularly 95c, n0w......: ........'..... 7Oc pr|,- c ....._ . ......*519»75 „.„ 9 - 75 . c ,,, or 'shirred s!lko . . This Polished Oak J
t This elegantly, uphol- Mahogany Rocker, ffuW V Seco^l quality, in 4 yards wide, regularly now ...60c c^ pe ™. -igg^BjgjD- 4ri SJJ _^^ • • a-rtaTSiii'iScef: \ SSSTaiSSSi: JSSS ♦
» tiered Corner Chair, leather seat, latest ///f \l \\ . Third quality, in 4 yards wide, regularly 60c, now.. .45c imii^naaie, ._.?.... .....7.? ©Olf ' ; "i : - ■flTl^l'f ' —■ 2 - 50 Ji«-50-now .....»«>.75 • *
» This Solid Oak Din- silk covers, always style twist work, high /¥// SA V\ . :> ■'. '■ r «*f^? m u>uin xiv ■ BoUd ltohogny . **"" fA/ //y r\' ' r\ \ - ♦
* ing Chair.braced cane Bold for $12. Clear- back, worth $6. Clear- ff ft U \i — — — - ™™ m ..*":."T ::::V.: $42.50 -^^ IS ~>J jP . ' . . ' *
* ?ii6 n r rth 95c P n rL sale $3*95 P n r?ce.r.! c ... $2.95 i^^3^\ WHfILE ElinAMIIilA Jtt^iS B^"g^sg iM|!(4J^F 'fr^TvZff <=\ Thi, Fna«,.M *
& j^^-^^^2«7fDsS?C3S2^^^^r) roy Couch, good springs, If- V\ Vi^ ;' U ■ sfgpivf*'* SSkWll^Si ' l^r^^ " ts; now cut to »« 50 «C«> > 7 '*>O :2-io ' 5^ >^ :::5:::;: "*^1 &"^^i:^^_ Clearing sale ?
: WlrC?" i r^ "■" t- P OoldenßuEe Bazaar. T ;»:;&&"«; l s !Ji^H . s£!*3H=^^ ""„ . fi =
* lJ %V w^^^^^^r^~'«ftSsS aalA nrirp $6»/5\ This Solid Oak Table, lSxl<!-inch ■ • . . _ >-V*v,: made: Fatln finish and. wavy grain. '*trll \ bsssr—^ar WfltfM'UM ' MiiTrtT 5J>-<5»00» <
j *^iMb^®a«^ .sale price........* . %»£%^pu.™* 65c • California's Largest—^America's Grandest Store. ro^fe^!r. a A.^: $32.50 r slll 1^""^ -^"^ ; : J
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, MOKDAT, JANTJATIY 2, 1899.
56
MONDAY JANUARY 2, 1809
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. .
" Address A!! Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts., S. F-
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) It
- served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 p«r year; per month
• ' •65 cents. _
THE WEEKLY CALL, 18 paftes ..One year, by mall. $1
OAKLAND OFFICE 906 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
!'•_' \ DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
; WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Riftft« House
"' . .'■'•:•>'■ C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
■ CHICAGO OFFICE Morquette Building
'i.-.C. GEORGE KROGNE6S. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
7 ; open until 930 o'clocK 387 Hayes street. open until
;.'.- 9.30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
•'.-"■'• ©"clock- 65 Larkln street, open ui}tll'9:3o otlock
•;:vJ?Al Mission street, open uotll 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
*'.• ••' street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
.■■:•• street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
• : until 9:30 o'clock- Nw. corner Twenty-second ana
'•..■.; Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
\ T -\'- : AMUSEMENTS ..
'.!" -Columbia— "The Man From Mexico."
.; -California— Minstrel Jubilee.
• : Alcaiar— "A Midnight Bell."
■*..' Tivoll— "The Yellow Dwarf."
.•/. Morosco's— 111 Henry Minstrel*. .
'.".brpheum— Vaudeville.
•.'' Comedy— "'All Aboard."
"'The Chutes-Gorilla Man, Vaudeville and the Zoo.
-..• 'Olympla — Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
Glen Park- Mission Zoo.
■ : Central Park— The Steeplechase.
j Metropolitan Hall— Hosenthal Piano Recital. Tuesday even-
Ir.jr, January 3.
Oakland Race Track— Races. ■ .
AUCTION SALES. •*./'■. .
By Sullivan & Doyle— Wednesday. Jan. 4. at 827 Sixth St;.
Bt 11 a. m., 1! trees. Buggies, etc.
(\ GREAT YEfJR.
THE commercial returns for the year 1898 are
practically all in and they show the year to have
been the greatest in the business history of the
United States. This news has already been liberally
luntcd, as the trend has been in this direction for
some weeks, but the figures are staggering.
To begin with, the center of financial power has
begun to cross thr ocean, and it may not be long ere
tiie American dollar may supplant the English s,ov
n as the basis of the world's exchange. Even
;mw New York divides with London the first place in
international finance. This country is lending so
many millions to Europe that for the first time, for
eign banks look to New York to dictate the rates of
exchange. This may be temporary now, but it is
like!) to become a permanent condition in the future.
There is nothing visionary in this hypothesis, for the
ter of the commercial and social world is ever
moving westward, and has done so as far back as
history goes. At present this movement is progress
ing with such rapid strides that the attention of the
whole world is arrested.
Trade figures at the close of the year show that
fining i^)S the United States sold two dollars' worth
ods for every dollar"s worth it bought. The ex
ports reached the enormous aggregate of $1,250,000,
--000. which is an excess over imports of $617,000,000.
In 1897 this excess was $357,000,000. As to the influx
<jf gold into this country last year the amount is
amazing, being $140,000,000, while the best previous
record was less than $75,000,000. A good deal o: this
gold lias been loaned back to European banks at
profitable rates of interest, and considerable has been
recoined into American money and gone into national
circulation. The exports of cotton during the year
amounted to 3.936,000.000 pounds, while in no pre
vious year have the exports reached 3.500.000,000
pounds. The exports of breadstuffs reached the total
of 220,000.000 bushels of wheat, including flour, and
201.000.000 bushels of corn.
But it was in industrial progress that the world's
r.ecprd was beaten by the United States in 1808. The
output of pigifon was 11,645,000 ton?, the largest in
the history of the country by 2.000,000 ton*, and larger
than Great Britain ever produced by 2,800.000 tons.
The exports of iron manufactures in ten months were
$87,650,000, while the imports were only $13,500,000.
Xevtile goods, however, did not make such a bril
liant showing as iron and steel goods. Cotton
touched the lowest price in fifty years, with the great
est yield ever known. Cotton goods declined 5 per
( evu tip to the middle of November, but since then
have risen " per cent and do=ed at the highest point
of the year, thus auguring well for 1899. The wool
trade of the country was disappointing, enormous
supplies having congested the markets during the
major part of the year.
Thr. financial statistics also made a good showing.
The failures throughout the United States numbered
]r,6Bj. a decrease of 11. 2 per cent from 1897, while
the liabilities decreased 0.5 per cent. The commercial
dca«h rate or the proportion of traders failing to those
in business was the smallest since tßqj. A gratifying
feature of 1808 was that the liveliest and best business
of the country was done outside of Wall street, that is,
by merchants and farmers rather than by stock oper
ators, though there were several lively times in that
famous speculative mart during the year. Taken on
the whole. 1898 was a banner year and for the coun
try at large could not have been better if it had been
made to order. As for the Spanish war, which some
worthy people predicted would plunge the country
intt: r financial panic and visit us with hard times for
years to come, it cut no figure of any consequence,
being merely a sort of extended Fourth of July cele
bration, a momentary ruffling of the eagle's feathers,
nnd by this time has been relegated to the limbo of
history;
The participation of California in the great com
mercial celebration of 1898 was only partial. Dry
weather clipped our wings last year, though we still
had feathers enough left to make a respectable flight
with and keep in sight of the balance of the national
flock. We are not accustomed to the fag end of the
procession, however, and do not like to be there. It
does not seem like home.
It would, indeed, be a serious blow to things in
general if Assemblyman Kennealy were to be de
prived of the privilege of voting for a great and good
citizen for Senator through the simple circumstance
(.1 having killed another citizen who had -not the
honor of being in politics.
A question naturally arises as to what provision of
the statutes Rums can turn to for authorization of
his scheme for being at the same time Governor and
Senator.
Well, there are people who had thought better of
Major McLaughlin.
BETRAYAL OF A TRUST.
TO expose the untrustworthiness of the telephone
Jompany was not a pleasing task, but it became
a duty and was performed. That a co-pporation
whose chief hold upon the public is based upon the
understanding that it will keep faith, to betray the
secret messages of its patrons is a breach of. decency.
It passes beyond a simple breach of trust. It is dis
honorable, di«honest and despicable.
When a message is put on the telephone wires it is
always with the idea that it will go from sender to re
ceiver without being diverted to the listening ear of
a wire-tapper. That a man connected with the Exam
iner should have conceived the plan of breaking into
the confidence of people conversing on matters in
jno way his concern, is not surprising. That he should
have desired to pry into private affairs and use the
stolen information for his own benefit creates no feel
ing akin to amazement.
The startling phase of the situation is that in all
I this skullduggery he seems to have enjoyed the sanc
| tion of the company and the active co-operation of
i employes. To him were revealed the communications
passing between husband and wife, between business
partners, between associates in politics. By the
I scheme of tapping the wires he was able to know
many things he had no right to know, and which a
man of principle would have scorned to have acquired.
But the blame does not rest with the individual
solely. The telephone company must share it. It
has forfeited its claim to public confidence. It has
grossly abused those who have paid it toll. Not only
has the fact become manifest that messages go awry,
but it has been learned that messages are put in writ
ing and placed on file. Why? That the company
has no right, no good purpose in doing this, is clear.
It is at best a piece of impertinence. It is, in the
light of revelations, a grievous and impudent wrong,
placing every subscriber at the mercy of a corpora
tion. When word cannot be sent over the telephone
wire without being sidetracked, switched to the ample
j ear of the meddler, it is time for the wires to be per
mitted to rust and the hello girls to be sent where !
■ they cannot interfere.
Letters and telegrams are safeguarded, hedged
about- with restrictions of honor and polity, but the j
message given to the telephone company is the com
mon property of the company itself and of every
eavesdropper who chooses to buy his way into the
i fellowship of that concern or of any of its numerous
! employes. However, it is fitting that the expose
i should have come through : the partnership of the
Examine* in the iniquity.
■
Now, a question arises as to what method of pro
tection the public has. To fortify itself against spies
is a difficult operation. At least it must have from
the corporation assurance of reform, or it will be
obliged to withdraw its patronage from an institution
; which demonstrated facts show to be unworthy, which
■ will not shield it against the approach of a sneak, and
which, for a fee to its servants, exposes secrets to the
world. There have seldom been stories more shame
ful than that told in The Call yesterday morning. The
: telephone company is culpable. It has been exposed
j and its disgrace is open. What have its representa
j tives to say?
They will probably say nothing. But the Legisla
ture is about to convene and abuse is one to be
regulated by statutory enactment. The patron of a
: telephone company is entitled to the same protection
j afforded the patron of a telegraph company, or of a
postoffice. Such dereliction as has been laid bare
should be corrected through the enactment of a law
making it a felony.
LOSSES BY FOREST FIRES.
AN article of timely interest and pertinent to the
welfare of California is that on "Forest Fires"
• in the current number of the Forum, by Henry
Gannett, chief geographer of the United States Geo
logical Survey. It is timely because the importance
of providing some means for preventing the destruc
tion of our forests, which is so clear to people dur
ing the months when the fires rage, is generally for
gotten in the winter when the Legislature meets, and
is therefore ignored in the work of the ses-ion. Mr.
Gannett's article comes in time to recall public at
tention to the subject and revive popular desire for
a remedy for the evil.
The first notable point in the article is the state
ment made on the strength of official statistics of the
extent of the damage caused by forest fires. Speak
ing generally Mr. Gannett says: "Every year when
the summer heats have dried the vegetation, forest
fires prevail over the Northwest from the Great Lakes
to Pugct Sound, and over the pineries of the south:
and thousands of square miles of forests go up in
smoke. In addition to millidns of dollars' worth of
timber there are destroyed each year ranches and
e\en towns which stand in the track of the llames,
not to speak of the loss of life." He adds:
"Let us get some measure of the amount of this
destruction. In the year 1880, in connection with
the tenth census of the United States, Professor C. S.
Sargent collected all possible information concerning
the forest fires which occurred during that year. The
results of that investigation, which ,in the nature of
tilings could not be exhaustive, showed that there
were burned at least ten and a quarter million acres
of forest land — an area twice the size of New Jersey,
The value of property thus destroyed was more than
I $25,000,000. This is the tale of one year, and a year
not at all remarkable for its forest fires."
The waste is more destructive on the Pacific than
on the Atlantic coast, as Mr. Gannett points out. be
cause on this coast it seldom rains from May to Octo
ber and by August the forests are as dry as tinder.
On this coast, therefore, the need of laws for forest
preservation is more important than elsewhere, and
yet we are behind the more progressive States of
the East in undertaking the work. Within a genera
tion, says Mr. Gannett, one-fifth of the magnificent
forests of Western Washington have gone up in
smoke. Timber having a stumpagc value of $30,000,
--000 has thus been thrown away in a part of this one
State.
New York led the way in providing laws for the
protection of her forc-ts and as a consequence she
now suffers little from the ravages of fire. New
Hampshire, Maine. Massachusetts. Wisconsin, Min
nesota and Pennsylvania have lately followed her ex
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 2, 1899.
ample, and their experience demonstrates that the
evil can be greatly diminished if not eradicated.
With such illustrations before her of what can be ac
complished by wise laws enforced at a comparatively
small cost, California should not delay in following
the lead of these progressive commonwealths. She
should be the next State to protect her forests, and
the needed legislation should be provided this winter.
NO New Year's day ever brought to California a
more acceptable or more valuable gift than,
that brought yesterday in the showers which
fell in abundance over so large a portion of the State.
It was, indeed, a glad day for all who have been j
watching the long procession of weeks of sunshine,
impatient for the rain.
The records of the State show that not infrequently j
seasons which began as dry as the present one, have |
after New Year and toward spring been profuse of
showers, and in the succeeding season all forms of
crops have been abundant. There is now a fair pros
pect this will be a season of that kind. Gradually the i
drought has been breaking up. There, have ' been •■
more or less clouds for some time past, and at last
there has set in what promises to be a period of good
rains.
•It is not in the rural districts only that the benefits
lof the showers will be felt. With the brightening
prospect of a good season there will come a greater
I confidence in all lines of business, and that industrial
and commercial activity which has been so notable in
the East for the past three months will be manifest
here not less energetically than in the most progres
sive States beyond the Rockies.
It seems, therefore, that we are to have a really
glad New Year. The evils caused by the drought
will pass away and once more California will take the
lead of her sister States in the profusion as well as
the variety of her rural products. We shall be in good j
condition to prepare for the development of com
merce with the Orient, for the world's great exposi
tion at Paris and for our own State exposition the j
year after. In fact after the years of struggling with |
the free trade depression, the financial panic and the j
drought. California is about to be herself again. She
needs nothing but rain, and the new year has brought I
that and promises more.
SINCE the publication in The Call of the story
of the Two Republics concerning the seizure
in Mexico of a large quantity of California
wine found to be adulterated with salicylic acid there
has been a renewed activity in the direction of pro
viding a better enforcement of our pure food laws
and of obtaining from the Legislature further
statutes on the subject where such are needed. To
that extent good has resulted from the event, and
the incident cannot be regarded as an unmixed evil.
When the reports get abroad of what is being done
in California to protect the purity of its food products
the effect upon the general public will be highly bene
ficial, and if these efforts result in completely elim
inating frauds from the trade, there will be a sure
market for California goods. in countries where our
products are now regarded with suspicion and dis
trust.
The benefits of the proposed inspection will be
particularly felt in our wine industry. Abundant
reasons exist for believing that the long struggle. for
an entrance to the world's wine market has about
j succeeded, and that California winemakers are to
have better times than has been their lot in the past.
Moreover, the demand for our wine in some parts of
our own country is rapidly increasing. The New
York Sun, in commenting upon the extent to which
the use of wine is supplanting the use of beer in some
parts of the Union, recently stated:
"A New Orleans brewer asserts that in Louisiana,
while the quantity of beer sold during the five months
from July to November, 1597, was 111,675 barrels, it
was, during the corresponding five months of 1898.
only 82,736 barrels. For the same two periods the
sales of California wine in Louisiana increased from
14.118 barrels in 1897 to 48,230 barrels in 1898. It is
sold in pitchers and cans, thus avoiding the bottling
tax, and is retailed at the rate of 5 cents per quart,
with a chunk of ice thrown in."
The Sun adds it lias been noted that the French,
Spanish, Italian and South German peoples in that
city arc consuming less beer than formerly because of
the increasing consumption of California wine. It
seems, therefore, that the industry is on rising ground
at last and has the prospect of an enlarged home
market, the best in the world, before it. Whatever
is done at this time, therefore, to keep the product
pure and wholesome will be highly profitable in the
; long run.
In the meantime it should be remembered that no
matter what may be accomplished in California for
j the enforcement of pure food laws, the subject ca*n
j never be effectually dealt with by any authority less
: comprehensive than that of the United States. As
I long as F.astern adulterators can mark their fraudu
' lent output with California labels, so long will our
j producers be handicapped in the market. The pro
moters of such laws, therefore, should push the fight
at Washington. Every effort should be made to pro
cure the enactment of a statute on the subject, either
at this session or at the next.
It is well to be frank. The retiring Board of Edu
! cation is the rottenest body ever convened, unless one
I of the "kangaroo" courts which convicts form to try
one of their own number. Waller and Ragan would
be stars in such a court. Possibly they are practicing.
The only surprising feature about the official denial
of the authenticity of the Examiner's latest interview
with the Pope is that one should have been considered
necessary. Not only was the fake apparent, but it
had the indorsement of Creelman.
With all respect possible under the circumstances
for the learned counsel of Mrs. Botkin, the public is
not prepared to believe that as to the sort of crime
she committed there cannot be found a competent
jurisdiction and a law to fit.
Judge Sweeney's one day term of office was all too
short. lie had the privilege of turning loose only two
women pickpockets. They boasted of a pull, and ap
parently knew what they were talking about.
Astronomers Barnard and Burnham have received
new honors. These are in addition to the honor of
having been frozen off Mount Hamilton by the justly
I celebrated Professor Holden.
Dewey and Lee might make a strong combination,
j but handicapped by the effusive indorsement of Wat
terson they would have a fight on their hands.
Sir Robert Ball predicts an explosion which will
rend the earth. It is surprising to learn that Sir Rob
ert has been keeping an eye on Sacramento.
Compliments to Professor Hammon, and if he has
I any more rain storms in his repertoire will he kindly
I trot them along?
THE NEW YEAR'S RAIN.
PURE FOOD LOWS.
MR. T. V. CATOR'S
RETROGRESSION
To the Editor of The Call: As one
of T. V. Cator's most faithful suDPort-
I ers, and as his ready defender for seven
years past .'whenever he has been as
; sailed by political opponents, though
j ever openly and- frankly opposing his
I political nipthods whenever occasion
i demanded it, propriety will certainly
permit me to make brief reference to
the letter which appeared over his sig
nature In The Call of last Thursday.
I note first this opening sentence:
"So many * •' * have asked me
whether 1 intended to take steps to re
i organize the People's party," etc. His
signature to the letter, with that sen
tence in it, was quite superfluous so far
as the Populists of this State are con
cerned. It may seem ungracious to in
timate that Mr. Cator was not "the
whole thing," and yet it is probable
that the Populists themselves will In
due time "take steps" to advance their
cause, and that, tuo, in spite of Mr.
Cator's able effort to justify his un
qualified repudiation of the principles ;
he formerly held and which they still
cherish as fondly as they did while he
advocated them. Mr. Cator has appar
ently forgotten that he took no steps
to organize the People's party at Los
Angeles in October, 1891, and also that
he took no part in the lirst State con
vention, held in Stockton in June. 1892.
The reform forces will again be or
ganized, I doubt not, and without his
assistance.
With painful surprise many thou
sands will read this unwarrantable
statement made by Mr. Cator: "It is
apparent that the main support of the
People's party came from those who
thought free coinage of silver at the
ratio of sixteen to one a desirable pol
icy." No one knows better than Mr.
Cator that during the time while the
People's party mad« its great growth
and commanded the confidence of the
country the subject of free coinage of
silver was never discussed by the
speakers or the press or the party, and
in his own pamphlet on the money is
sue, one of his best efforts, he himself
ignored the sliver question. One of Mr.
Cator's worst political blunders, which
hurt him seriously in his own party,
was in setting aside his prior convic
tions on the money question and taking
up silver in Joint debate with Colonel ;
John P. Irish. I am loth to think of
Mr. Cator as capable of making the
above quoted statement that free silver
was the main support of the People's
party. It is in no sense true. In the
growing days of the People's party,
when men came into it by tens of thou
sands with joy in their hearts, national
ownership of the railroad and telegraph
lines, the abolition of the so-called na
tional banking .system, Government Is
sue of full legal tender paper money (
and the land question constituted the !
State and national platforms, and the !
whole literature of the new party. Sil
ver was ignored, even as Mr. Cator
himself Ignored it.
I will not comment rurther on the
astounding Incongruities ■which go to
make up Mr. Cator's attempted justi- ;
fication for making public a total re
versal of all his political views. That
he now Indorses the national banking
system and the gold standard, finds it I
easy to say a good word for the trusts. |
and can amuse himself over his recent i
fad of free silver — that he can say the j
other things In this strange letter to
the public— shows a capacity for change
and a lack of devotion to principle j
which I think will not much commend j
him to the confidence of the party to i
which he has now transferred his al
legiance, and may cause him to wait
some time before "they give him any
thing he wants." I think Mr. Cator has
made another political blunder. Policy
has once more got the better of his
judgment. He has deserted the reform
movement when It in such a growing
moral force in our country and
throughout Europe as It never was be
fore in the history of the race.
JOSEPH ASBURY JOHNSON.
December 29. 1898.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
T. H. Lowe of Denver is at the Palace.
! W. L. Clark of Benlcia is at the Cali
fornia.
L. E. Black of New York is a guest at
the Grand.
Robert Young of Tacoma Is at the
Occidental.
Clifton Macon of San Mateo is at the
Occidental.
Mans H. Coffin of Boise City Is a guest
at the Lick.
John F. Turner of Chicago is a guest
at the Grand.
E. 11. "Willson of Haveshlre, Mass., Is
at the California.
G. F. Kinney of Reno registered at the
Grand yesterday.
F. D. Newberry of Philadelphia is reg
istered at the Palace.
Charles C. Gallagher of New Jersey is
registered at the Palace,
L. U. Grant of Salinas, a well known
contractor, is at the Grand.
<$> <* — <$> $— ■§>— $•— <s> — jv A prominent
!• GEORGE J East ern gentle-
T r\n miimirn I man. Who is a
I DU MAURIER i glJest at one of
i AND THE j the hotels in the
4 GOLD FISH. f clt >*. stands spon-
I l sor for the fol
*-*~-*~&-*-4>—*-* lowing story,
which he tells at the expense of the •
famous novelist, George dv Mauri The
1 gentleman in question was a close com-
I panion of the author of "Trilby" when
j the latter was a student in Paris. Dv
! Maurler had rooms In a house kept by an
j elderly maiden lady, who possessed a jar
of gold fish. These small fish were the
Joy and pride of the old lady's life, and
she was accustomed to place them every
day on a ledge just outside of her win- i
dow. Dv Maurier . occupied the room
directly above that of his landlady. One
pleasant spring day as he sat by his
window he noticed the jar of gold lish.
Now Dv Maurier loved a practical joke
and it suddenly occurred to him that
these same gold fish offered an excellent
chance for him to have ( some fun at the
j expense of his landlady, so he waited un- >
til she had left the house, and then get
| ting a bucket of hot water he secretly
I stole into her room and treated the gold
i fish to a hot bath.
When the old lady returned all of her
I pets were dead, floating in the jar with
their stomachs turned upward. The hot i
; bath had been too much for them. Up- j
i stairs Dv Maurier wan laughing to nim
self. In some way the landlady found
out that her boarder was the perpetrator
of the joke and her wrath knew no
bounds. The future novelist with all of
his earthly belongings was mercilessly
piled out into iiie street and Dv Mavfrier
I had to seek lodgings elsewhere. Years
; after, however, when his fame had en
i circled the globe, he made his peace with
I the old lady by presenting her with a
mammoth bowl of gold fish.
T. H. Duzan of Los Angeles registered
at the Occidental yesterday.
J. H. Coleman, a newspaper man from
Virginia City, is at the Lick.
P. P. Shelby, a prominent citizen of
1 Cleveland, 0., Is at the Palace.
S. Lyons, a well-known traveling man
from New York, Is at the Grand.
L. W. Burris and wife, Shirley Burrls
and Mips Miller Matthews of Santa Rosa
are at the California.
Henry Catlin of Sacramento and W. T.
Forsyth of Santa Rosa were registered
at the Lick yesterday.
; Mrs. H. E. Kimball and Mrs. Orson
, Smith, both of Chicago, were among the
arrivals at the Palace yesterday.
I F. D. Cheshire, who is connected '..with,.
the United States Legation in "China was
among the arrivals at the. Occidental.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Jan. L-lCrs. S. B.
English and Miss Marie English of San
Francisco are in Washington. Wu.
Shaw of Los Angeles is at the National.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Jan. 1.-J. R- Chaffee of
San Francisco is at the Netherlands.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
Eight submarine boats are in cum» «
construction at the national' dock-yards
of France.
A battle-ship tobTTamed London wa_s
laid down at Portsmouth on December <.
She will be of the same tonnage as tne
Formidable, launched last November, but
will have a continuous belt from citadel
to stem.
More orders for war-ship* by foreign
Governments have been offered to ship
builders on the Thames. th:m the latter
could accept. Yarrow & Co. have found
their business Increased so grreatly as to
oblige a removal tv more commodious
premises. •
The Queen has sanctioned an increase
of officers in the 'British navy. One flag
officer is to be added each year, commenc
ing with January, 1599; four captains in
IS9S, five in 1599 and five annually there
after. Commanders five each year com
mencing with 189*. The warrant officers'
corps is to be increased at once as fol
lows: Chief gunners and chief boat
swains from 70 to 100; chief carpenters
from IS to 20; carpenters, now 20", to 240,
and gunners and boatswains from 920 .to
1150. ._
A fire at Ferrol (one of the naval arse
nals in Spain) on December 3 destroyed
$800,000 worth of naval stores and fit
tings, among which were those belonging
to the Admiral Cisnero, an armored
crusier of the same class and type as the
Marie Teresa, Oquendo, Viscaya and Cris
tobal Colon, destroyed off Santiago on
July 3 last by the American fleet.
The keel of the battle-ship Venerable
will shortly be laid at the Chatham dock
yard. It will be the first time in the his
tory of that yard that three ships have
been built on the same slip within a pe
riod of eleven months.
The Japanese torpedo-boat destroyer
•Murakuma (Darkening Cloud), one of the
six boats built by. Thornycroft, has made
a very successful trial, making 30Vi knots
for three continuous hours, the engines
developing 5900 horsepower on 205 pounds
of steam and "89 revolutions. The Mura
kuma is 210 feet in length, 19 feet 6 Inches
beam, displacing 275 tons when down
to her Foa-goincr draught of 7 feet 6 inches.
Her armament consists of one 12-pounder,
five 6-pounders and two IS-inch torpedo
tubes. There are three Thornycroft boil
ers, having collectively a heating surface
of 15,500 square feet and 200 square feet of
grate. With hatches open the boat is ca
pable of making 22 knots.
The sea fight off Santiago on July 3
last demonstrated the fact that the mili
tary masts are a source of great aanger
to the gun crews, and might even cause
the surrender of the ship in the event of
the masts falling on deck. On one of the
Spanish ships the mast had fallen di
rectly over one of the 6-inch guns, no
doubt disabling the crew. On another ship
the fallen mast lay across the heavy bar
bette guns, thus interfering with If not en
tirely destroying their usefulness. In orert
deck vessels this question is a most seri
ous one and may lead to radical changes.
Fighting tops may be entirely discarded,
and the masts used solely for signaling
purposes, in which event they can be
made much lighter and thereby greatly
improve the general efficiency of the ship,
especially in stress of weather.
The two ships building at Cramns' for
the Russian navy promise to be the most
efficient vessels of their classes on limited
displacements. The cruiser, which is to
be completed first, will be 400 feet in
length, 52 feet beam and about 19 feet 6
inches draught, displacing WOO tons. She
will have two triple-expansion engines
and 30 Nlclause water-tube boilers, devel
oping 20,000 horsepower, and a speed of 2?
knots on a trial of twelve continuous
hours. The armament consists entirely
of rapid-firing guns, and its caliber and
disposition is as follows: Twelve 6-inch
on the main deck, of which four are on
each broadside, two aft on the poop and
two forward on the forecastle. There are
also twelve 3-lnch and six 6-pounders dis
tributed all over the ship, and four tor
pedo tubes, one on each broadside and in
the. bow and stern. The coal capacity is
1400 tons, and the complement 450 officers
and men.
Italian shipbuilder? Nt Leghorn and at
Sestri Ponenti, near Naples, share with
Elswlcks the honor of turning out the
most efficient war vessels. Orlando
Brothers, at Leghorn, have recently com
pleted in the short time of eighteen
months a duplicate of the Cristobal Colon
of 6SS2 tons. .Tho ship was built for the
Argentine Republic and is named General
Belgrano. Seven of these armored cruis
ers have been built in Italy, and the last
differs from- the others only in her bat
tery. She has an all-round nickel-steel
armor belt of six inches maximum thick
ness, and the side armor amidships < x
tehd.9 to the main deck, which, with thf
bulkheads, forms a complete citadel in
which tlio primary battery is carried. Tho
armament consists of two Armstrong
guns mounted in barbette on the main
dock, one at each end of the redoubt; ten
G-inch Armstrong quick-firers in battery
within the redoubt on the main deck; four
similar guns— two forward and two aft
on the main deck— firing on a line of the
keel; two 3-Inch rapid-firers; ten 2 1 4-inch,
eight 1%-lnch Maxims, besides two land
ing mitrailleuses; two Maxim-Nordenfelt
guns and four torpedo tubes on the,
broadsides. The engines develop SGOO
horsepower under natural draught and
13.000 under forced draught, and on her
trial made 15. 09 knots on a displacement
of 200 tons in excess of the normal. T'n
der forced draught the speed is 20 knots.
The bunker capacity is about 1100 tons,
and capstans and ammunition hoists are
worked by electricity.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
COLLIERS— A. S. G. F., Alameda, Cal.
This department will be pleased to fur
nish you "some data about the United
States colliers Apache, Chickasaw and
Merrimac" if you will explain what par
ticular data you want.
JUDGE GRADY-R., Mendocino Coun
ty', Cal. It was Judge Thomas Grady of
New York City, not Brady, who spoke in
Metropolitan Hall in San Francisco in
favor of Grover Cleveland during one of
the Presidential campaigns.
CHRISTMAS PACKAGES— F. W. A.,
City. Those Christmas packages tnat
were intended for the soldiers at Ma-nlla
that were not received in time to he sent
by the St. Paul will be hold v :ii t i 1 an
other transport sails for the Philippine
Islands, when the Government will for
ward them.
REDUCING WEIGHT— T. S.. Santa
Rosa, Cal. It is impossible to give a gen
eral rule for a person who wishes to re
duce Isis weight from flfteed to twenty
pounds in or.ier to take po^t in a race.
The proper thing to do can only be told
by :i practical trainpr. win will, after
examination of the individual, advise him
whether diet or exercise vill bring down
his weight. What might »■ g<»><l for one
would be dangerous for pother.
MORE COIN QUESTIONS— &., Sacra
mento; Subscriber, City and Coins, City.
A half dollar of ]sii> do*s not command a
premium. The Belli nfi price is from S3
cents to ?' BO
A 15 gnlrt piece of I^M commands a pre
mium <>!' SI if it has I Plurlbus I'num on
the reverse. Th> K|n| price is for .one
with the motto from H- 1 t° SIS nnd without
the motto from $7 t'»WSO.
A 10-c.ent piece of S; "■ does not command
a premium. The s-iHins' r>ris, o i B f rO m 25
to 40 cents.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DECOY DICKS AND
CRIPPLED HORSES.
A Fable Up to Date.
Mr. Popinlaw— Eureka!
Mr. Straight— What?
Popinlaw— l have found it!
Straight— Found what?
j Popinlaw— Found the store that un-
dersells Pattosien's Two-Acre Store in
the Mission.
' Straight— You have! Where is it?
Not on this continent, J am sure.
Popinlaw— l tfell you. The other day
.going up Main street I saw on the oat-
side of' a big furniture store over the
door the picture of a couch marked
$3 50. I am positive that the cheapest
| couch of that character at Pattosien'a
J was not less than $6; there's a saving
| of a half for me in buying that couch.
Straight— That's a sprat to catch a
! mackerel. A will-o'-the-wisp to lead
j you into a bog. That couch is merely
to lead on to other things.
Popinlaw— Now am 1 not right? Isn't
that a bargain?
Straight— You are and you are not.
Inlaw— That's a paradox. How can
I I be wrong? Do you not admit that I
would have to pay Pattosien'a 56 for
that couch?
Straight— So I do, but wait. That
couch is purposely put there to deceive
the unwary.
Popinlaw— l do not understand you.
Straight— You will understand; just
let me talk. You know when I was in
the furniture business years ago I had
to battle against the same business
methods. This very couch you are
speaking of may be worth $5 wholesale,
if well made; if it is not it might cost
only $o. Did you try to buy the couch?
Popinlaw — Xo. I only priced it.
Straight— lf it is well made and worth
$5 the store will lose $1 50 on it. The
moment you try to buy it the salesman
will do his best to get you away to an-
other of greater value and if he fails
in that he depends on making up the
$1 50 three times over on the next arti-
cle. Were the other things marked in
plain figures like they are at Patto-
sien's?
Popinlaw— No; they had letters on
the tags instead of figures.
Straight— l thought as much. The
S-K-I-N-T-H-E-L-A-M-B cipher sys-
tem. One thing marked F-O-X and an-
other W-O-L-F. Honest traders. -such
as Pattosiens don't want to conceal
their prices. They are fair and above
board.
Popinlaw — But don't that couch indi-
j cate low prices?
Straight — Oh, you sweet innocent!
! You dear pigeon, trussed for plucking!
I All goods are high in a sore that will
i do such deceptions.
Popinlaw — But that couch was cheap!
Straight — Oh, you guileless gullible.
I Don't you see that that's a decoy duck!
; A lure! Can't you hear them singing,
j "Walk into my parlor, said the spider
jto the fly." It's a cock's feather to bait
! a salmon hook. Just like the dirty
j signs that you see plastered all over
i the store. Those soiled doves of the
j salaried sign writer are like bandages
,on the legs of crippled horses;
i they show at once the poor
beast that carries them is a bro-
ken-down, spavined cripple, getting
■ ready for the knocker's yard. They are
I danger signals. When you have gazed
j on them pass them by on the other side
f and keep straight on. Board the KAg-
; sion-street car; go right ahead and
i don't stop till you get to Pattosiens, at
Sixteenth street, and there you will
learn the honest price of goods.
Popinlaw — I must say Pattosiens
mark all their goods in plain figures.
Straight — And such figures. You can-
not find at the decoy duck's nest what
! you will at Pattosiens'. Such things
' for instance as elegant Wiltnn carpets
j for $1 a yard, or superb Roxbury make
; for 80 cents. Mind you, sewed and laid.
: No solid oak bedroom sets for 51^.
No, friend Pop. I repeat, pass by the
decoy ducks and
GET HONEST GOODS
AT HONEST PRICES
. . AT. .
PATTOSIEN'S, I6th and Mission.
IN THE BEST OF HUMOR.
Teacher— Davie, can you define the verb
"to knit"?
Davie (who has tried to knit)— Knit
knat, not.— Truth.
Little Mary was discovered one day by
her mother vigorously applying the oil
can to the kitten's mouth, On being re
proved. she replied: "Why, mamma, kitty
squeaks so awfully when I pull her tail! 4 '
—Comic Cuts.
"Para. sou said you would leave, no
stone unturned to advance my social
prospects."
••Yes, dear daughter, I,did."
"Then why do you refuse me another
diamond ring?"— Chicago Record.
Physician— So you have been taking Dr.
Quackley's medicine, have you?
Patient— plenty of people praise
It to the skies. . p
Physician— lt has sent plenty of them
there.— Judy.
"If old man Methuselah had any prop
erty." said the Cornfed Philosopher
"what a lot of fun he must have had
after he got to be about 500 or 600 years
old and his younger relations began "to be
kind to him!"— lndianapolis Journal.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per ltf at Townsends *
■ ♦ ■
Anakesis cures Piles, nothing else. Sam- •
ple free. Address Anakesis. New York. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1012. •
» ♦ »
"Your replies are very tart," said tha
young husband.
Then he hastily added:
"But they are not as tart as those
mother made."— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
"Mrs. Wiuslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty : ears by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, soften*
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels nnd is th» best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mr*.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
HOTEL DEL CORONA 9 advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay mo per day. Apply at
* New Montgomery street. San Francisco.
ACKER'S DYSPEPSIA TABLETS Any
22.S SSMi Sit hi S£ ltt ■'•- *BLOOD FLOWED
DURING NEW
YEAR'S REVELS
Many Violent Deaths,
One a Murder.
BUSY DAY AT THE MORGUE
•JIM" GALLAGHER KILLED BY
"MIKE"' FLYNN.
2>ly&terious End of Thos McFarland.
Three Suicides and One Death
From Alcoholism Make
Work for Coroner.
AN" undercurrent of tragedy seems to
stream of fun and hi
. surges through the
Francisco on New
So marked is this sinister coincl
pollce iind Morgue officials
for a busy day on the
January. This is not mere supersti
of nn unequal battle against
1 many despondent and desti-
.-tute Individuals, whose manifold miseries
are accentuated by the holiday joys of
the more fortunate ones, in sheer desper
ation end their lives. Then, too, the cus
tom, of getting drunk to celebrate the de
parture of a year almost Invariably leads
1 some one to do murder.
.''. The Morgue wagon was running all day
*>f-pterday and strangely, the number of
sudden deaths was the same as January
1. IS9B. Five cases, one a murder, were re-
Jiorted during the day.
"Mike" Flynn killed Jim Gallagher in
an O'Farrcll-street saloon; James Barry
ended his earthly troubles with a bullet;
• Maurice Dean severed his jugular with
■a razor; Theodore M. Bracker, died of al
coholism and an unknown man was found
dead in a Kearny-street lodging house.
About 4 a. m. yesterday Jim Gallagher,
the ex-pugilist, was shot by '•Mike"
Flynn in Sullivan & Ragget's Olympia^a
loon, at 113 O Kartell street. Gallagher
died at the Receiving Hospital at 6:30.
' The bullet penetrated the left lung near
the heart.
Detectives Dillon and Cody are working
,on the case, but their efforts to get the
•details of the crime have so far" been
: thwarted by the evident desire on the
-> part of all concerned to protect the man
accused of the murder. 1 Two witnesses—
'Delia . Richardson, Gallagher's sweet
heart, and Jerry Sullivan; one of the own
:>is of the saloon— held at the City
l'rison as witnesses.
Sullivan, although he was tending bar
when the shooting occurred, denies all
Knowledge of it. The pistol used cannot
hft fouiui^ and Flynn refuses to utter one
word about the case. Delia Richardson
has told all she knows of the affair, but
she was not in the room when the murder
was committed. ! ;
After he was shot Gallagher was placed
in a hack and taken, to his room at 1055
Howard street, a lodging house kept by
Dflla Richardson's mother. He bled .pro
fusely, and a doctor could not be ob
tained, so he was taken to the Receiving
Hospital, : 'where he died. Before he was
removed from Sullivan & Ragget's saloon
the wounded man told his girl. that Flynn
had shot him. Her story of the tragedy
la as follows:
"Jim Gallagher and 1 were In the sa
loon on O'Farrell street several hours.
We had several drinks. Jerry Sullivan,
one of the proprietors, served the liquor
to us behind the portieres which separate
the rear of the saloon from the side bar.
A f=hort time before the shooting 'Mike'
l'lvnn iofhed us. 'Jim' and I were quar
reling, and Flynn Interfered.
"I diii not wnnt to see any trouble, and
ns tile Quarrel did not amount to any
thing I went Into the toilet. I thought
the men .would sUop quarreling when I
j/ot away,- A moment after I left tKe room
■ I .id a pistol shot and went back. Gal
lagher was standing up. I thought the
pistol shot was only a bluff, and I again
left the room. In about two minutes an
other slmt sounded, and I pushed the
door npen mid saw Jim lying on the floor,
liis (»(■<■ and neck covered with blood.
"Flynn and Sullivan wore the only men
near him. There were seven or eight men
in the front of the saloon, but none of
them came back where we wore. I turned
to Flynn-and. asked him why ha kihed.
"im, but he did not answer me. He was
not at all excited. Then I bent over Jim
and asked him several times who shot
him. He tried to talk, but could not. His
i#£?, at was flll<?(l Wth blood. I asked him
.;V ynn nml the shot, ami he said "ies. 1
borne one called a hack and Jim was
assisted into it. 1 got In, and a strange
man also entered the cab and we were
Unven home. We could not get a doctor,
and tn« patrol wagon was sent for and
Jim was taken to the Receiving Hospital.
During the ride home Jim kept trying to
talk, but 1 could not understand what he
wanted to say. 1 did not see a pistol in
l'lynn's hand, but I believe he did the
shooting."
When the detectives went to the saloon
yesterday fore-noon they could not learn
who was present when the shooting oc
curred. The bartender on watch alleg* '1
entire lgnorar.ee of everything, lie did
noi even know where his employers lived.
The officers threatened to lock up the
place, and. presto! Sullivan's abiding
place was quickly disclosed. He was In
bed at his room at Sls Mason street.
Sullivan told the detectives be knew
nothing of the Bhooting. His evasion of
questions was so marked that Detective
Dillon requested him to go to police head
quarters. Sullivan was taken before Cap
tain Seymour, and his unwillingness to
give information and liis effort M throw
oust in tho eyes of the otßa rs reaulti
his own Imprisonment. He was put In the
tanks and held as a witness. Captain
Seymour then ordered the arrest ol ■
n In the saloon when Che murder o< -
curred. am' nev< ral officers went out look
ing for them.
Sullivan had the remarkable nerve to
declare he did not know the name of any
person who was In his Baloon 'yesterday
morning. Ho contradicted Delia Rlchurd-
Bon's statement that he was near Gal
lagher when Bhe came into the rear of
iloon after the second shot was tired,
and he dnniod knowing Gallagher or
Fiynn until he was cornered ana It was
Bhown.he was on intimate terms with
both.
All the people connected with the scrape
are known to the police, and some of
them have records. The saloon where the
crime was committed is the resort of the
us of bmh sexes who make their
living by dubious means. Jim Gallagher,
\\\p dead nrin, bore the reputation of be
ing a "bad man." He was one of the
principals In the row In me Second Pre
cinct of the Forty-third Assembly Dis
trict on election day. and was arrested
on a warrant sworn out by Will Ashe for
striking him with brass knuckles.
"Mike" Flynn. whose right name is
John, is a partner of "Billy" Gallagher.
r of the dead man. in the saloon at
irner of Grant avenue and Morton
street. About ten years ago Flynn was
convicted of robbery and sent to the
House of Correction for two years. He
was slated for the position of bailiff in
Police Judge Treadwell's court, and ex
pected to go into office to-dny. He is
the brother-in-law of Police Officer Ma
gee.
Delia Richardson i? the divorced wife
of Percy Glover, and her associates were
nearly all vicious characters. Before Gal
lagher died he toM Police Sergeant Dono
van he Phot himself. But the [act that no
pistol h-..> been found and the immediate
surrender of Flynn after the shooting
clearly Indicate that this is not a case of
suicide. The police believe Jerry Sullivan
disposed of th^> weapon of death. The '
murdered man was a widower. Two chil
dren survive him.
MYSTERIOUS DEATH
IN A LODGING-HOUSE
James McFarland Put to Bed as a
Drunk Found Dead — Other
Sudden Deaths.
Shortly before noon yesterday the
Morgue wafion was telephoned for to at
to a case at 230 Kearny street,
whore the dead body of an unknown man
wns found In a room on the bed.
The case is wrapped in mystery, and
will be turned over to the police for in
gatlon after the new Coroner holds
un autopsy.
From the statement of Mrs. Crawford,
the landlady of the lodging-house, it ap
pears that four men, one of whom is a
back-driver named Less, applied for a
room for a man they said was helplessly
drunk. They were given a room, into
which they carried a man seemingly very
much under the influence of liquor, whom
they placed on the bed without remov
ing his clothing. The men then departed.
hi the. forenoon a servant at the house
found the stranger dead on the bed in
the condition in which his companions had
left him.
At the Morgue Deputy Coroner IJallett
made a careful search of his effects, but
nothing could be found by* which his Iden
tity could be established. In his - ~Kets
we're a number of cards with the name
of the "Califorpia Concrete Company"
printed thereon. In addition to these was
a contract entered into by property-own
.ll Thirteenth street. Los Angeles,
awarding a contract to J. Hem to put
down a concrete sidewalk on that street
between Main street and Grand avenue
for 5 cents a square foot.
No property or money wns found on
his person and as Dr. Gallaghi r did not
i scamine the" body in consequence of his
official term having expired at 12 o'clock
lv.st night, the cause of death is unknown.
' Karly this morning a dispatch wns re
caived from Los Angeles saying that the
unknown man was James McFarland.
Deceased was employed by the cement
i mpany in that city for some time. He
was well educated and is said to have
been a hard drinker. >
At 132 Second street "he dead body of
Theodore M- Bracker, s discharged pri
vate of Company C, Kixth California Vol
unteers, was found on ihe floor of his
bedroom. Bracker bad been imbibing
very freely since his discharge from th«
arniy. on "the 3d of September, and this
is supposed to have been the cause of his
death. He nau been selling tlu horns_
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 2, 1899.
and other toys during the holidays.
Bracker was a native of Maryland and
aged 28 years.
The body of James Barry, whose sui
cide was reported in yesterday's Call, oc
cupied a slab at the Morgue, and early in
the. morning "Jim" Gallagher's remains
were brought in from the Receiving Hos
pital.
About 10 o'clock Maurice Dean, a ship
joiner and a native of England, aged 45
years, drew a razor across his throat in
his room at 376 Lexington avenue. He
severed the jugular vein and made a suc
cessful exit.
SWEENEY WAS AftGBY.
How the New Police Judg* Was Im
pesed Upon by "Ike*' Willis.
Dene Smith, thr noted female pickpock
et who was arrested Saturday night for
vagrancy, but immediately released on
her own recognizance, was re-arrested
la.=t evening. Learning that he had been
imposed upon Judge Sweeney counter
manded his former order releasing the
woman, and instructed Captain Spillane
to take hr-r into custody again. He also
fixed her bond at $1000, which is unusual
in a vagrancy, case.
Bays that a man named "Ike"
Willis, who ia employed around the Jus
tir.-'.s Court, informed him that he had
been Bent by county Clerk Deane to get
an order for the release of the woman.
Not knowing at the time that she was the
notorious pickpocket, he readily signed
the order for her release.
County Clerk Deane Is incensed that
Willis should nave used his name in im
posing on Judge Sweeney, and threatens
to read the "riot act" to "Willis as soon
as he meets him.
THE NEW CORONER
Dr. Ed E. Hill Takes Charge of the
Morgue.
Dr. William .T. Hawkins turned over the
keys of the Morgue to Dr. Edmund E.
Hill at 12 o'clock last night. With wishes
of success the retiring doctor surrendered
the city property to his successor and the
new deputies took charge of the office.
The deputies who will have charge of
the office for the next year are: P. J. Mc-
Cormick, John F. Gately, John D. Sullivan
and Geur^e I.acombe. Dr. John L. Zabala
is the new autopsy surgeon; Dr. <"rack
ton. chemist; John D. Highland, stenog
rapher, and John J. Flannigari. messen
ger. First Deputy Gately stood the morn
ing watch.
Father Jtliordan at St. Ignatius.
An Interesting and instructive sermon
was delivered by Rev. Father Rionlan,
president of Santa Clara "'ollege, last
evening at St. [gnatius Church on the
subject of New Vent's day. The main
address was prefixed with a short dis
course on the BUbject suggested by the
gospel of the day. In the expansion of
the many thoughts brought to mind by
the. annual commemoration of the first
day in the new year the . preacher re
viewed the work of the Jesuit community
of the past, expressing th" hope that
those who have assisted in furthering the
interests of the church will continue their
good work during the course of the new
\.ar. The many recollections of loved
ones who have disappeared from the con
gregation during the past year were
pathetically referred to and the necessity
of a strict conformance to the duties of
the Catholic religion, that all may be
prepared to answer the call of death, was
emphasized. At the conclusion of the ser
mon solemn benediction was celebrated.
Yourg and Drun*.
Carl Chilgren. aged 12 years, living at
521 Stevenson street, was found helplessly
drunk on Btevensot) street last evening.
He was accompanied by two other boys
who claimed they had met him stagger
ing along Jones street near Eddy, and
fearing that he would be arrested, they
decided to take him home.
The helpless boy was immediately re
moved to the Receiving Hospital, where
Dr. Toimey relieved him of the liquor
with the aid of a stomach pump. To-day
an effort will bo made to ascertain where
he procured the intoxicant.
New Year's Drunks.
Compared with Christmas thorp was a
considerable diminution In the number of
"drunks" arrested by the police New
Year's morning. Judge Sweeney was at
the prison yesterday morning and dis
charged sixty-five men and women who
! rul imbibed too freely. The Judge gave
some of them timely advice and several
at his request promised to swear off for
a year. At the Receiving Hospital the
chfpp treated were comparatively few and
trilling in nature, being as a rule the re
sult of a light or a fall. The only excep
tion was the ease of James Gallagher,
who was sliot In a saloon at 113 O'Farreli
street, and died. .
Railroad Commissioners.
The new Railroad Commissioners, C. S.
Laumelster, N. Blackstock and E. B.
EdSton, will meet the old Commissioners
at the office In the Chronicle building at
noon to-day to exchange accounts. Com
missioner Blackstock Is in the city and
stopping at the Grand Hotel with his wife.
They were, among a few others, the
guests of Commissioner Laumeister and
his wife, at a New Year's dinner party at
the at. Nicholas Hotel last night. Com
missioner Edston was to be one of the
party, but he was called to Sacramento
on important business..
■ ♦ ■
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Bush and I.nrkin t'.n. Swimming, Russian, hot
acd cold tub baths. Saltwater direct Irom ocean.
EJECTED FROM
THEIR ROME ON
NEW YEAR'S DAY
Sad Misfortune of the
Hurst Family.
FAIL TO PAY THEIR RENT
FURNITURE AND CLOTHING IN
THE STREET.
Mrs. Jeremiah O'Connor Is Dumb to
All Entreaty and Coldly Re
fuses to Allow Them
Shelter.
Mrs. Jeremiah O'Connor, the owner of
the premises situated at the corner of
Julia and Minna streets, commenced the
new year yesterday by turning Charles
W. Hurst, his wife and two children into
the streets because they were unable to
pay the past month's rent. Their furni
ture and clothing were thrown on the
sidewalk, where they now remain, a
ruined heap as a result of exposure to
the heavy rain that came down in tor
rents yesterday morning and afternoon.
Hurst, who is a candymaker by trade,
has been ill for some months and conse
quently has been physically unable to
I work at his business. He has accepted
odd jobs around the various theaters, but
even this work he had to abandon owing
to his falling health.
It is alleged by the neighbors that Mrs.
O'Connor has persecuted Hurst ever since
the time his rent became overdue. It is
stated as a fact that the usual rent of
$8 50 that Hurst paid for the. three rooms
which he and his family occupied at lOVi
Julia streeU-was recently raised to $lio
simply as a pretext to turn him into the
street, the landlady knowing that he had
no money and that his little family was
almost starving.
When seen yesterday afternoon Mrs.
O'Connor gave as an excuse for ejecting'
her tenants that she had her taxes to
pay, adding ironically that she didn't care
for Hurst anyway, as he was absolutely
"no good"; that ho was noted for his
faculty of attempting to "beat every
body," as Bhe expressed it. that he had
the least dealings with. This is positively
denied, however, by the neighbors who
were intimately acquainted with the un
fortunate man. They give Mrs. O'Connor J
the reputation of being of a quarrelsome '
and meddlesome naturo and assert that
pho is constantly trying to find fault with
all her tenants on the l<\ist provocation.
Where the members of the Hurst family
are "at present is unknown, as they have i
completely disappeared since they were
ejected from their home. It is thought
by some that they are bring cared for by
the Salvation Army, as one of its repre
sentatives called upon them shortly be
fore the Sheriff and his men began the
work of removing their property to the
street. Their clothes and furniture are
still where they were thrown in a heap
under the supervision of the O'Connor
woman.
In all probability the unfortunate fam
ily will be assisted by one of the char
itable institutions of the city until Hurst
is able to resume his work.
"NINETY-NINE"
USHERED IN
STRIKINGLY
Jupiter Pluvius Makes
a Welcome Call.
THE TRAGEDIES OF A DAY
TEMPESTUOUS OPENING OF THE
YEAR IN THIS CITY.
Four Eukides. a Murder and a Fire
the Record — Special Services
of Music in All the
Churches.
There were many hoarse voices and
tired limps nursed by the men and women
yesterday who on the previous night had
contributed their sharo to the deafening
I noise with which the new year was uah
! ered in. As the years go by the noise
seems to gain in volume and the carnival
spirit, ever present, seems to take on a
I more robust form. With all this the fun,
j which is fast and furious, results in no
I bodily injuries. The custom of masking
developed unexpected proportions.
The new year was not favored with the
j customary California weather. Instead
I of the sunshine with which* the first day
j is usually introduced there came the more
i welcome Bhowers to moisten the earth
and give fresh impetus to the growth of
grass and trees and the esehseholtzia,
yeltow-petaled emblem of California.
The Inclemency of the weather pre
cluded any holiday milking, so people
settled down by comfortable hearth
| stones. Under the spell of the glowing
j coals new leaves were turned over in the
1 book of life and good resolutions recorded
for observance during the year to come.
The streets were practically deserted
during the day. giving an unnatural quiet
to the city. The custom of making New
Year's calls on a large scale seemed to
have fallen into disuse, owing to abuses
of hospitality that crept in when all
classes of society kept open-house and
many entertained lavishly.
The day was not without its tragedies.
One unfortunate ended his life on the
stroke of twelve by shooting himself.
Four others followed his pitiful example
before the sun went down. In addition
to these there was the Inevitable murder,
result of a saloon brawl where dulled
senses were quick to resent fancied in
sult By a curious coincidence the trage
dies' of the day were the same in number
and character as those enacted justayear
ago To complete the resemblance a
general alarm of fire was sounded late
In the afternoon for a conflagration
down in the manufacturing district.
Reliclous services in honor of the new
year were celebrated generally in the
churches throughout the city. In many
places of worship the ceremony was
similar to that solemnized on Christmas
day particularly In the rendition of spe
cially arranged programmes of sacred
"Yn'Yhe Catholic churches solemn high
mass was celebrated in the morning.
i Vespers and benediction followed in the
evening and concluded the services In
honor of the day. _
At St. Mary's Cathedral an eloquent
sermon ' was 'delivered by Archbishop
Riordan before a great congregation.
I The usual text, cited from the gospel of
the day, was set aside for the appro
priate subject of New Year's day and
the happenings and sorrow which are in
evitably linked together as the old year
passes into a memory and the new is
! ushered in burdened with the uncer
tainty of fate.
In expanding this thought the preacher
reviewed the changes that have been
! wrought In the old year and spoke of
i those which will come during the course
lof tbo new. He dwelt pathetically on
the subject of the faithful Catholics in
the cathedral parish who have passed
away into the great unknown since the
last celebration of New Years and spoke
of the inevitable call of death that will
probably claim many of the congregation
present at yesterday's services. In view
of this uncertainty the preacher em
phasized the necessity of a strict con
formance with duty demanded by the
Catholic church from all of its members.
FOUGHT FOUR POLICEMEN.
A Desperate Ex-Convict Wrecks a
Cell in the City Prison.
Jesse Grant, an ex-convict, created a
disturbance at the masquerade ball in the
Mechanics' Pavilion early yesterday
morning and when a police officer at
tempted to eject him he struck the officer
with his clenched fist. The officer quickly
seized him and in the struggle that fol
lowed Grant was thrown to the floor, lie
still continued to fight, however, and it
required four policemen to land him in
prison. After he was formally charged
with battery and disturbing the peace he
became abusive to the arresting officers
and was thrown in the dark cell. When
he was taken out several hours later Cor
poral Hickey discovered that he had com
pletely wrecked the inside of th^ cell.
He was then thrown back into the dun
geon until last evening, when a woman
visited the prison and asked to sco him.
She had two orders of release signed by
Judge Low. Grant was taken out of the
cell and was at once recognized by Cap
tain Seymour.
Incensed at the action of the Police
Judge in ordering Grant's release on his
own recognizance, Seymour immediately
telephoned to him and asked him if he
had not made a mistake in signing an
order for the release of Grant. Low, evi
dently realizing he had made a mistake,
countermanded the order and raised the
bonds of the prisoner.
"Business 1 ' the Subject.
The meeting of the Theosophlcal Soci
ety, which was held last evening- in the
building of the Academy of Sciences, was
a public one and there was a large atten
dance The subject of the evening was
"Business," and the speaker was Mr.
Julius Oettl. He handled his subject in a
logical and concise style and was given
the closest attention.
A New Year Dance.
The entertainment and social at the
Temple on Turk street last night, which
concluded with a dance, was a most en
joyable affair. It was under the auspices
of the Progressive Social Club. A large
number of people enjoyed the dance,
which was kept up until a late hour.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33
rJtCO.4
If daring the past year your grocer has
not served you satisfactorily— in Goods,
Prices and Service— try Lebrnbaum for
thiN year.
SPSCIAL
Tnesday===Wednesday
HAMS ) Best Eastern sngar-
.«./ ■■. ? cured. Sold at 13c.
10>£c, lb. usually.
Most complete delicacies department in the city.
I PNTII <i } German. Fine for
, lcpi " L; 5 f soups. Nice when eat-
3'A lbs. 25c. i en with ham.
/ ) Regularly 10c. lb.
Lebeubaum's Terra-Cotta Enameled Ware.
«-v > m.' i /- mm iA blend of the finest
Oriental Coffee ( coffee obtainable.
30c. Ib. L Roasted or ground,
) Regularly 3Jc. lb.
Havana and Key West Cigars
HOI I iNn fillNl Exquisite double-
nULLAlNU UIFN / berried old Geneva in
$1.35 per jug L full quart stone jugs.
v ) Regularly $1.75.
Household Utensils and Kitchen Novelties.
\ German rock candy
ROCK and RYE I »' ld pure rye whisky.
o > Jusi the thin? for
85c. Bottle V coughs and colds, reg-
.' uUnyll.Od
§ Perfumery and Toilet Articles.
rfti i Hnn^ I Extra heavy galvan-
COAL HULKS I | te< j iron regularly
...v.lron.lMnch^Oc \ 30c. and 4'Jc. , trip€d(
Galv. Iron 15 inch 20c i Japftnnedi strlpedi
1 .panned, 15 " 20c f r PK""< r ly 30c and 350.
J. panned, ia we j A ja nned shovel
id -°° J with every hod.
Carving Sets and Table Cutlery.
TOWEL BARS
Heavy nickel plated, Bc!JIZ.~ '" " 3 **
three* arm, II inches J» "" ' "■ m
long, regulaily Toe.
each.
Try L.ebenbaum's Terra-Coita Ware
Gas Heaters j^^vwsßktf**.
Heats any ordinary £aa2^**'^i^ifiJU'iSiS)
room in 1(5 minufs;
can be attachfd to isffi!^,%Mw}M&&
an y gas fl xt a re. a^KMA^aKaj&J* B '^
A lone d.-laved ship- A
ment has Just arrived rt?w
Only l.mlted amount. ,fcS=ii— -?9- #?( \
La? t sale at this price. WM
AS TORCHES "i
15c Each ) 25c. Quantity limited.
PIPQDC* A large, well-selected stock of all the
UlujlriJ. leading brands. Imported and domes-
tic-sold at a "grocers profit"
nailuani* All our pans for delivery of goods
I UullltSiy. are to make the service Pleasant, con-
venient and advantageous to our customers.
January Catalogue— so pages-mailed free.
Use /***& and
Facial Soap 6£ / Facial Cream.
WOODBURY 1 Facial Soap, racial Cream, Fa-
cial and Tooth Powder make the grandest
toilet combination known for the skin. Send
20 cents for sample of each, sufficient for thres
weeks 1 use. JOHN H. WOODBURY, 127 W 42J
St., N. V., 163 State St., Chicago.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
TO-MORROW AND THURSDAY EVENINGS
and SATURDAY MATINEE, Jan. 3, 6. 1.
ROSENTHAL!
THE WORLD'S GREATEST PIANIST.
Under the direction of HENRY WOLFSOHN.
Prices, $1, $2 and $3. Sale of Seats to-day
only at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s Hall, 223 Sutter.
STEINWAY PIANO USED.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting 1898-99. beginning TUESDAY,
Dec. 27. to SATURDAY. Jan. 7, , inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK,
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
Races Start at 2:15 p. m.. Sharp.
Ferry-boats leave Sun Francisco at 12 m. and
t 12:30, ■ 1. 1:30. 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
i with trains stopping at the entrance to the
Track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning— Trains leave the Track at «:'J
and 4:45 p. m. and immediately after last race.
THOS. H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
R. B. MILROY, Secretary.
STEEPLECHASE
At CENTRAL PARK.
A HUGE SUCCESS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 1 TO 11.
: ... ■:-. i r i- EVERYBODY RIDES.
ADMISSION 10. INCLUDING HORSES.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
v >-> ©^_^^^^ S"vß *i*l.fr^s7
Nl v for BODY AND BRAIN
Since 1553, Endorsed by Medical Faculty
immediate lasting efficacious agreeable
AMUSEMENTS. AMUSEMENTS.
__ * ,
WPfi I D BPECIAL MATINEE (TO-DAT) KONDIT, JAN. I
HH B 1 I ll* 11 1 I I I If"ll Parquet, any seat, 23c; balcony, 10c; children.
H » 1 turn 3d ft La Wiaitallall . 10c, any part of house. , .
In the Comedy Triumph. GREATERTHAN EVER.
THF MAN PAPINTA! PAPINTA!
AA JL JLjt JLfAJnLjL^i In Her Bewltcblng.Bewiklerlns Myriad Dances,
T7 I~> j~\ Tl/r l»lf fl V T i^S f\ ANNA TERESA BERGER. Cornet Virtuose.
HHi § !Vl 111 ti AI I I I I'HI-TEKIbLI BROS.. Musical Grotesques.
1 JLlVflfl lILLj/tLLXJVJ 9 PILAR MORIN, ROSE EYTINGE and
CLEMENT BAINBRIDGB. in "That Over-
"No. 77 STAND UP." — "TAKE YOUR HAT OFF." coat."
HORACE GOLDEN. MONS. AND MME. RO-
Comlnp^FßANK DANIELS' COMIC OPERA x^ R:LE J AND IIUGHES and THE RAP-
©iSnStt MOROSCO'S GRANDS
v **" *__ »"■•**" V ALTKR Mokosco, Sole Lessee and Manages.
COME HERE TO-DAY. matg^lVt' January 2, 1599.
cu/nt: ntKH IU-UAY. matinee at 2 o'clock to-d\y
MATINEE THIS AFTERNOON. „„ unT^,".
W. H. WEST'S HI HENRY'S
Big Minstrel Jileo. winstre t
*. r.,,,r™r, Zm^ m , -" A aggregation. AJ
New Acts by the Various Stars. EZ(^> ALL WHITE EZ{~\
, - , PERFORmERSI "^
Nntrt lltnn — "PIIDD'N HEAD VVII SON " POPULAR PRICES 10c. 25c, 500
" ext lon - VVUU x tICAU VYIU&UW. MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
ALCAZAR mX™ comedy theater.
■• Formerly the Popular Bush.
NEW YEAR'S MATINEE TO-DAY. A HAPPY NEW YEAR TO ALL !
TO-NIGHT and All Week,
HOYT'S GRAND HOLIDAY MATINEE TO-DAY.
__ • TO-NIGHT AND ALL THE WEEK.
J-\ MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Greatest of All Funny Comedians,
MIDNIGHT ° XX BROTHERS,
lTi 1 im^ X X M. \^A 111 In the Latest Laughing Farce Comedy Success,
BELLI™™™ ALL ABOARD!
■■"■^ -~"^ «^ ">^ ■ The Funniest Farce Comedy Ever Written.
_?•_: ■>_ '■■,' ■-■ „ • 25 FIRST-CLASS ARTISTS 25
L. R. Stockwell as the Deacon. MORE CATCHY SONGS, DANCES AND
Overflowing with startling surprises. MUSIC THAN A COMIC OPERA.
2B - C ■—»«— > —^*— . =<-><- AND A BEVY OF LOVELY WOMEN.
ISc.' PRICES 3?o| PRICES..... 15c. 25c, 35c. sOc
NEXT'WEEK-"THE MAGISTRATE." M Sea l 1 Secured ' Box' oVflce ' and* Emporium^ 0
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE. CHIITPS AND 700!
Mr.. Ernestine Krellng. Proprietor and M*r. til LJ ILJ AHjJ LUX) i
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING
'■A HAPPY NEW YEAR TO ALL." nnn . rrT~nTT T in *V. «
MATINEE TO-DAY AT ! P. M. li R R AT BILL 111 the
and this evening. AJalJuxx JL FREE THEATER.
Our Successful Holiday Spectacle,
BEGINNING TO-DAY,
Tiir i/ri i ntAf f\\hi mr La?t Week of " Joe st ° rmi » jr ••" sain-" and
Irlr Yrl !IW lI W fl Kr Coneo," Wonders of Darkest Africa.
I!!E.J..^.IJi!LJJ!IgOi!j m^VHUI MBIS AFTERNOON,
A DELIGHT FOR YOUNG AND OLD. P§l^| IV *=» x* / V *=>■ ~~* t~ ' <= r^=»*r
MATINEE NEXT SATURDAY AT 2. - W# IICW/ X cr «=»* =» Uay
NEXT -SECOND EDITION. W&f FIVIII MARKFRFRC
New Songs. Dances and Specialties. W LITIBLI '"HIVIVLDLnii
Popular Prices Bo and 50c ♦fil'^ The Most Daring Aeronaut on Earth,
N. B.— A Reserved Seat for the Matinee 25c ■" Will Go Up Hanging by His Teeth.
Our Telephone, Bush 9. , , _
__S I cure Your Seats in \dvance lOc - lnelutsln Zo ° and Theater; Children, Be;
bccu.e tour .eats in .^nnce. Sundays and Holidays, 10c.
GLEN PARK. ■f%- tl s^z. yiTAI IQ
fTHE MISSION ZOO. >£|Sy Mgr9 {»l} /*lk ■■ I MlnlVl
Qfgm THE NEW
HIS first time UP.W £!£ .f^fe.'ifcl FRENCH..
Sunday, January I, and W YITALiS : "' r| - ;:; - v ' /SI '& DCIICnV
Monday, January 2. ♦»♦ PRODKKS thk ABOVE 3Cth Day. nCIHCIIIii
« BESILTB.It quickly 4 »urelyrfmoTesNerTonsnesi,lm P ot«ncy.
DOUBLE BALLOON ASCENSION. R JS ht '>' Emissions, Evil Drtams W««Un e Diieases »nd all effects
of »elf - abuse oreicm and indiscretion. Restores Loft Vitality,
A MISSION BOY ...2... Power and Failing Memory. Wards off In.anity and Con.nmP
A fIUSaiUW DUI ...^S... tion. C-nre. when all others fail. Insist on haTin* VITAXIIT
Accompanied by DA I T nn\TO ! no other. Can be earned in the vest pocket. Bymatl#l.OO
chas. conlon, !• BALLOONS! Bg^fcJiWaStorafi: 1 "*"-
Coast Champion. ■ ...^... ! ' ALI MET «RE CO., 8 84D«rborn St., Chlc.«.
BIG Take San Mateo Electric ! Sold by Owl Drug Co., S. F. and Oakland.
VAimFVll i F Cars. They land you at the ! "
VAUUCVILLC entrance. Valencia, Mission i TTy , , mii<khmm ,_
SHOW. i and Sutler street transfer W Qnj/nT Pnll vl 1111 TIOTI VnOTI
Admission. 10c. Children under 5 years, free. fl EtHK IV lIN I ihl 111 IKI IKH
SUNDAY. JAN. S-Amateur Day. IT UUlllj Ullllj v|/li UU [)U1 1 Ulll
I * ... 'ft '
In Loveland, Colorado, there is a man named Park, who is en-
gaged in merchandising, and he calls his place the Golden Rule
Store." When opportunity offers, this gentleman never fails to recom-
mend Ripans Tabules and to give his own experience with them, which
he relates as follows : "' For fully twenty-five years I have been an
asthmatic. As general thing throughout the winter, I have to re-
main indoors at least three or four days in each month. f I have suf-
fered a great — yet all the precautions I might take did not keep
me free from these terrible attacks. About eighteen months ago I
commenced taking RIPANS TABULES to regulate my stomach. X
am of a bilious temperament, and as soon as I become bilious I am
sure to have attacks of asthma. The Tabules keeps my stomach all
right, and for the past year I have not been confined to the house at
all. My asthma is not cured but the attacks are very slight. I usa
on an average two Tabules every Sunday, one on Wednesday aaa oni
]«qi Friday."
• ... — : _— - - , . , ;•
78
MRS. BOTKIN
IS BROKEN
IN SPIRIT
Overwrought Nerves
Have Given Way.
A MAD BURST OF PASSION
SHE ATTACKS ALL CONNECTED
WITH THE CASE.
Every Loophole in the Law Will Be
Taken Advantage Of in an
Attempt to Free the
Woman.
The overwrought nerves of Mrs. Cor
delia Botkin have at last given way un
der the strain to which they have been
subjected during the past four months.
Contrary to the Information first given
out by her attendants, the condemned
wbouflr^aollapaed completely after reach
ing the branch Jail on Friday night. She
was delirious, and in her mad ravings at
tacked everybody even remotely connect
ed with the case in which she has been
the central figure. The vehemence of her
actions and of her denunciations left her
a limp and weak figure of distress.
She had not recovered from this yester
day, and Bhe remained in her bed all day.
Her sisters, who have not left her side
since the verdict of the jury was rendered,
ministered carefully tv her wants, antici
pating her wishes and endeavoring to dis
tract her attention as much as possible
from the events of the past fe-w days.
During the afternoon Senator Frank
McGowan, who was associated with j
George Knight in the defense of the I
woman, called at the jail and spent some !
time with his client. Mrs. Botkin entered
into a general discussion of the case in \
all its phases, and was interested in j
learning of the Btepa to be taken looking
toward securing her freedom. Her attor
neys have already outlined their plan of |
Campaign, the first move m winch will be
made on Saturday next. That Is the time '
Jixed by Judge Carroll Cook for the pass
ing of sentence, and a motion for a new
trial Will then he made, it is seldom v
Judge grants this application, so the
Supreme Court will then be appealed to I
fr.r relief. When the case goes to the
highest tribunal every question the at- .
torneys can raise in on with it
will 1 ■ on. These will
Include not only x\u- qu< s:;<iiis which nave
developed during the course of the trial
but will alsn include the matter of the
Jurisdiction of California courts in pass-:
Ing upon the celebrated castr. The attor
for .Mrs. Botkin express no fear as j
tv what the outcome of their appeal will
be— th< . .. their client to be granted
her f n i dom. .
Tht- attorneys for the defense have been
casting about for reasons that would ex
plain . . i rdlct and have found an
other fact to add to those aln adyaddui
There were :;n unusual number of Jews
cm the jury, and the friends of the pris
oner took this a> a good omen, as the
men of ih;it race are known to frown
down anything that looks like oppres
sion. They thought this characteristic
would be a point in favor of their \
Client, but there is another trait in the
Jewish character even more strongly (
marked, and that is the high value they •
place on commercial honor.
It was on this rock the defense' was !
wreck* dr. Their principal witness, a pro- i
:.al man, had recently repudiated a
bill which be "wed one of the jurors, and
when the others were informed of this :
th. y nt once cast out his testimony and
gave no further heed to it. Next to the
Eureka alibi this was the testimony most i
relied upon by the defense t<> create that
reasonable douht which they thought
Would save Mrs. Botkin from being ;
branded a murderess.
i —
''DAYS THAT ARE NO MORE." !
Rev. William Rader Preaches an Ap
propriate New Year's Sermon.
The Rev. William Rader of the Third
Congregational Church preached an ap
propriate New Year's day sermon yester- |
day, taking for his subject a line from
Tennyson's "Tears, Idle Tears," namely,
"The days that are no more."
Jir spoke of the great events of the past
year, notably of the war with Spain, and
of the brilliant victories on land and sea
achieved by the American army and navy.
He referred ;:lso to the deaths of Glad- j
stone and Bismarck, and of the great i
lot.s which England and Germany suf- I
fered thereby.
"Life," be said, "is not absolute in its '
length, but always relative. Abraham '
Lincoln lived longer than Methusali m,
and in the last year McKJnley lived i'«'
Abrahamic years, if we Judge from what
he has undergone in the [ate war. We
Judge life not only by its length, but by |
its depth; that is. by the amount of good
that is accomplished in it.
"There arc two types of old age.
Shakespeare's "King bear' was a fright- j
ful example of disappointed old a^e, while
on the other hand John Greenleaf Whu- j
tier was a miracle of poetic art and his '
was peacefulness itself, no morbid ;
anxiety or apprehension.
"There is great necessity for us to make :
right use of our moments, foi we cannot
i ate ourselves from eternity, it is our
duty to inv> st our time with the highest
ani! best that it within us."
in the evening the cantata "Light of i
L:f<"' was rendered by Mrs. Stadtfeld,
Miss Hossack, Mr. Calaxne, Dr. Lean,
Miss Hutchinson, Miss ParEer, Miss Hull,
Mr. White. Mrs. Grant, Miss Worrell and
choir, all under the direction of William
Btadt:
STARR DARE IS DEAD.
The Brave Young Soldier Dies Prom
a Coward's Shot .
John T. r>;irf\ Appraiser, San Francisco:
Your son died last night.
-MAJOR HARRIS.
The above Bad New Year tidings were
telegraphed to Appraiser Dare yesterday
announcing the death of his son. Private
Starr Dare, First United States Infantry,
who was Bhot in cold blood at Camp
Force, HuntßVllle, Ala., by a burly negro
on Christmas night.
For a time it was thought that Dare,
who was but 24 years old, would survive
his wound, but a change for the worst set
In and his life waned with the old
Unknown to his father. Starr Dare
joined the First United States Regulars
when the war broke out and was assigned
to Company E of, that regiment. He par
ticipated in tho battle <>( Santiago and
performed deeds of notable valor.
The remains will be shipped to the fam
ily in this city.
"The Beginning and the End."
There were appropriate services yester
day in the Church of Bt. John the
Evangelist. In the morning a Sunday
school service was held and an address
wsf delivered by M. Arundel of England.
Service with a sermon was celebrated at
11 a. m.
Rev. B. R. Sprtulding took for his text the
thirteenth verse, twenty-first chapter of
Revelations: "U Am Alpha and Omega,
the Beginning and the End," especially !
appropriate for the closing of the old and
the commencement of the new year, when
another volume of life's history has been
closed. "It is then that we say," said
the divine, "what I 'have written is writ
ten and it cannot be changed." There
may be leaves in the book that we would
be ashamed to have the eye of othf-rs
rf-nrl. but <;'n] has seen them and they
may not be altered. It Is well to think
what the past year has been to us, with
Its joys and sorrows, its sunshine and
clouds, and that we may begin the new
year with better hopes, better endeavors
more usefulness. Let us begin It with
Christ, who is the "Alpha and Omega, the
beginning and the end."
FAIR NATIVES' NEW HOME WILL SOON BE READY
IT LEAVES
A MONUMENT
OF VULGARITY
Fitting End to the
School Board.
BELCHER'S FRIENDS PLEASED
RECORDS SHOW HIS DEFAM
ERS' CHARACTERS.
Injunction Served the Purpose In
tended, cut the Gang Violated
Its Trust to Spite Its
Critics.
The torrent of abuse and vilification
launched at Judge Belcher by the gang
members of the Board of Education at
its session Saturday night was generally
commented on yesterday, and the com
ments were by no means favorable to the
men whose disgusting lack of decency is
regarded on all sides as an appropriate
finale to the corruption which has ren
dered the school department a reproach
and a djsgraee to San Francisco.
One feature of Saturday evening's
proceedings, and one only, is regarded
with some degree of satisfaction. That
is the action of the board in having en
tered on its records the filthy language
usrii by the Directors in denouncing
Judge Belcher. The Judge's friend? say
no better monument to the character of
the present Board of Education could
have been devised. Judge Belcher re
gards his calumniators as beneath con
tempt and bis friends say he is satisfied
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIL, MONDAY, JANUARY 2, 1899.
TO BE DEDICATED TO-DAY.
DURING the past week the ladies who
have charge of the Home of the
Board of Relief of the Native Daugh
ters of the Golden West, at 935 O'Far
rell street, have been busy In the work of
completing the arrangements that are
necessary to place it in first-class condi
tion for the reception of those who will
enjoy its hospitality. The committee that
has charge of the matter of arranging
for the reception, which will be held to
day, and at which the home will be for
mally turned over to the board, has also
been busy In the line of the ceremonies
that will mark the event, and will make
It one of the most interesting in the his
tory of the order.
The accompanying illustration repre
sents an exterior view of the home and
portraits of the self-sacrificing ladies who
have, by their counsel and energies, done
so much to insure the success of this no
ble enterprise. Tnese ladles are Mrs. Tina
L. Kane, the first president of the Grand
Parlor and president of the board: Mrs.
Lena H. Mills, present grand president;
Past Grand President Miss Mariana Ber
tola, one of the many bright minds of the
order; Miss Mac B. Wilkin, the vice presi
to allow the people to judge between
them.
"While the action of the board in rush
ing through a large number of transfers
ami promotions in the closing days of its
term, thereby entailing greater expense
on the school department and further
crippling it in its present pitiful condi
tion, is taken by some to indicate that
the injunction issued by Judge Belcher
had not served its purpose, the contrary
Is the case. The injunction was applied
for to prevent the board from appointing
forty or more additional teachers, entail
ing an annual increased expense of about
$200,000. This object was accomplished.
Those who applied for the Injunction did
not dream that the gang members of t.ie
board would commit such a flaerant
breach of trust and violate their sworn
duty in order to spite tlu>ir critics, but
even if this could have been anticipated
it is regarded as extremely doubtful
whether the court could have interfered
in the discharge of what might have con
stituted the necessary duties of the
board had they performed the same hon
estly and judiciously. It was feared that
an attempt to restrain the board from
performing duties which under certain
circumstances or conditions arising might
bf-como accessary, would not stand the
test of law if brought to an issue, and
rather than take the chance of hav
ing the application for an injunction re
fused because more than the law provided
was asked, the petitioners decided not
to include the question of transfers of
teachers. The gang simply saw the open
ing and crept in.
It remains to be seen whether the new
board will attempt to undo the work of the
old board. Director-elect Stow said last
night that if the new board found
that there were more teachers in the de
partment than were required the direct
ors would probably find a way to gt rid
of the surplus.
"No business man would think of keep
ing a number of men in his employ when
he had nothing for them to do," said Mr.
Stow, "and I see no reason why the School
Department should pay teachers for do
ing nothing. I cannot say just what will
be done, but if there is a surplus of
teachers some of them will probably be
discharged, and they can ask the courts
to decide whether our action is legal or'
j not."
Mr. Stow expressed the opinion that the
incoming board would endeavor to serve
the city and county honestly and do wnat
th^y could to redeem the department from
the disgrace at present attaching to it.
If any of the new members were inclined
to emulate the example of their predeces
sors he was confident they would find
themselves In the minority.
"If Mr. Bergerot is elected president of
the hoard." he said in conclusion, "I shall
1 give him my hearty support to secure a
clean administration of the affairs of the
department."
Each of the thirty-two cities in -Massa
chusetts has one or more public libraries
and only eighteen of the 321 towns are not
co supplied.
dent of the board; Miss Clara K. Witten
meyer, the secretary; Mrs. Carrie R. Dur
ham, the treasurer; Mrs. W. S. Leake,
.Mrs. H. M. Green, Mrs. J. A. Stelnbach,
Miss Minnie Coulter and Miss Mollie B.
Johnson, the trustees, and Mrs. D. T. "Wil
kins, who has been selected as the matron
of thf- home and who will be a mother to
all tho Native Daughters who will make
the home their permanent or temporary
residence.
A gentlemaji who has taken an interest
in the good work of these ladies, and anx
ious to make the home all that it is des
tined to be, has generously donated to it
a magnificent piano, so that there shall
be no lack of music on the occasions of
social gathering and that whenever any
musically inclined will have an opportun
ity to gladden those who are fond of notes
classical or popular.
Another donation Is one that is calcu
lated to be a protector against the intru- i
sion of those who may not be desired on I
the premises. The ladies are proud of the/
fact that he Is a native production, and
he has been given almost as many names
as are usually bestowed upon a scion of
a royal family. For short, however, he
is called "Jlp' He is as yet a very small
white dog or high pedigree, and of "a class
that is noted for laithfulness as protec
tors.
SAYS MURDERER
DUNHAM PERISHED
Tale of a Mexican Mine
Superintendent.
FED A MYSTERIOUS STRANGER
LATER FOUND HIS SKELETON
ON A DESERT.
Confident That His Erstwhile Guest
Was the Slayer of the Mc-
Glincy Family at
Campbell.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. I.— Doubt is ex
pressed that Ed Smith, who is held in
Burlington, lowa, is the San Jose mur
derer, James C. Dunham, for whom a
reward of $11,000 is offered. This doubt
is increased by the information given
by A. J. Altamarino Jr., who is the
superintendent of extensive San Luis
gold mines in Lower California. Alta
marino, who has recently returned from
the property, said:
"On my last trip I stopped at the
ranch of Juan Otero, who related the
incident of a stranger appearing in that
country dressed in a Prince Albert coat
and with a brownish beard and stran
gling: hair. He carried a wicker-covered
demijohn. The howling of the dogs at
tracted Otero's attention, as the ap
pearance of a stranger on foot in that
country is unusual unless he is a fugi
tive from justice. The stranger ac
cepted food, but did not speak. He
avoided a direct look and acted sub
niciously. The next day he departed.
The incident was recalled when Otero
received a full description of Dunham
from the Mexican authorities at Mazat
lan. This was in Spanish and taken
fr^m those sent out by the California
authorities. The description, including
that of the teeth, corresponded with
that of the stranger who had mysteri
ously appeared and gone in the direc
tion of the <Julf of Lower California,
thirty miles from the ranch.
"Otero and his men went prospecting
toward the coast a few months later.
The dogs scented an object on a sand
dune in the midst of a dreary cacti
covered desert. Investigation revealed
a skeleton and a few pieces of coat
cloth and the demijohn carried by the
stranger. The coyotes had done the
rest.
"From my many conversations with
Otero upon the subject, and from the
descriptions given, I am convinced that
Dunham is no more, and that Otero
was the last man to see him alive. So
positive am I of this that Otero has
been instructed to fetch in all that re
mains of the body and we shall en
deavor to claim the reward."
DETERMINED TO
ENFORCE REFORMS
Empress Dowager of China Sends a
Warning to Viceroys and
Governors.
PEKING, Jan. I.— An imperial edict,
issued last Friday, remarks that China is
"passing through a severe crisis in her
history." It reminds Viceroys and Gov
ernors of the numerous edicts that have
been issued lately, ordering administra
tive reforms; points out that many of
these have not been observed, and com
mands the immediate . institution of re
forms in the method of training troops, in
agriculture, in manufacture and every
thing liKely to conduce to the prosperity
of the empire. It directs the Viceroy's
and Governors to memorialize the throne
within a month that these reforms have
been inauguraed.
This edict is highly significant as show
ing that the Empress Dowager realizes
that the situation is serious and that all
hope of the country's future lies solely in
reform. _j
Portland's Wheat Shipment.
PORTLAND. Or.. Jan. I.— Wheat ship
ments from Portland during 1 the year 1898
amounted to 19,831,590 bushels aiid 4X5,000
barrels of flour were shipped to the Orient
during the year. This season to date
9.884,852 bushels of wheat have been
shipped.
IMPROVEMENTS
ON THE RIVERS
OF CALIFORNIA
Bars to Navigation
Removed.
SACRAMENTO STRAIGHTENED
PUBLIC WORKS COMMISSION
. ER LEASE'S REPORT.
Splendid Achievements of This De
partment Receive the Praise
of Government Engi
neer Meuer.
Special Dlssatch to Th» Call. .
SACRAMENTO, Jan. I.— Ed E.
Leake, Commissioner of Public Works,
has filed with Governor Budd a report
of the work done under the direction of
his department for a period of twenty
months, beginning March 7, 1897, and
ending November 17, 1898. The reports
of Chief Engineer M. A. Nunse and As
sistant Engineer G. N. Handle, as well
as the report of the auditing board, are
made a part of Commissioner Leake' s
report.
The commissioner's report states that
in accordance with the plans outlined by
his report of November 16, 1895, the
Elkhorn easement, a concrete weir 2000
feet in length and 15 feet in width, has
been completed, and Major W.H. Heuer,
the Government engineer in charge
of the navigable rivers of California,
Indorses it as the best and cheapest
work of its character in the United
States. The report informs the Gov
ernor that the jetty system of removing
j Newtown shoals has also been complet
; cd. It comprises five jetties, aggregiu
| Ing about six thousand feet in length.
This work has been inspected by Major
Heuer. He pronounces it as the most
substantial and least expensive work
of its character that has ever come un
der his observation during his many
years service on the Mississippi, Mis
souri, Ohio and Delaware, Hudson and
j Sacramento rivers. In a public speech
he declared that he "never knew or
better work being done or more honesty
shown in the use of materials: that h<»
had never seen anything to equal the
work either at the easement or the
jetty system; never so much and such
good work for the amount of money
expended: that the $80,000 expended
showed more substantial results than
he had ever witnessed from a similar
expenditure.
Commissioner Leake expresses the
belief that the effect of these two Im
provements will be to deepen and cor
rect the channel of the Sacramento
river, increase its carrying capacity
and greatly facilitate the disposal of
flood waters.
The report states that the Secretary
of War has granted permission to make
five cutoffs on the San Joaquin rive*.
Contracts have been let for the con
struction of all these cuts except one.
One cutoff has been completed, and an
other nearly so. Two others will be
completed by the middle of February.
The report refers to the testimony of
the oldest navigators that the work al
ready performed has vastly improved
the San Joaquin River, and their predic
tion that when all the work now under
contract is completed the river will b*
in an almost perfect condition.
The report cites H. J. Corcoran, tht»
steamboat owner and chairman of th»
auditing board, as authority for the
statement that when the work now pro»
Jected is completed there will be a wa
terway on the San Joaquin River al
most perfectly straight from Crozier&
to deep water.
The report estimates that to complete
the work now under contract will bring:
the total expenditure up to $130,000,
which will leave a balance in the appro,
priation of $170,000.
Commissioner Leake recommends
that the jurisdiction of the Commis
sioner of Public Works and the audit
ing board should be extended so as to
include all of the Sacramento River, al
so the San Joaquin, Feather and Tuo
lumne rivers, and Petaluma, Alviso and
Napa creeks. As the law now stands
the money appropriated can be e.x
pended on only the San Joaquin an-i
Sacramento rivers from the mouth
of the Feather to Suisun Bay.
The expenditure of a- very moderate
amount on the Feather River and on the
Sacramento above the mouth of the
Feather would vastly improve the* nav
igability of both, and Incidentally af
ford protection to a large area of fer
tile country. The expenditure of $30,
--000 would make a deep-water channel
of Alviso Creek almost to San Jose.
The importance of such an Improve
ment cannot be overestimated. The
farmers and fruit growers of . Santa
Clara Valley would save more than the
cost in one year In the matter of trans
portation. Like improvements on other
creeks enumerated would result In
material advantages which would not
only affect the country traversed by
them, but which would be shared by
the people of the entire State. If It be
comes^ fixed policy of the State to
care for her navigable strams upon the
lines of recommendations made in hts ]
report, says the commissioner, the Leg
islature should make an additional ap
propriation of $100,000.
The report concludes with the state
ment that it is the belief of the com
missioner that his department has ac
complished all that could reasonably be
expected from it. and further that an
indorsement from a man of such ex
perience as Major Heuer ought to satis
fy all fair minded taxpayers that the
department has been diligent, thoroueh
and economical in the discharge of Its
duties.
The report of Engineers Nunse and
Randall treats extenslvelv of the work
done by them on the rivers under the
direction of the commissioners. An
argument is made sustaining the action
of the denartment in using a Part of the.
appropriation in the construction of
needed works on the rivers rather than
expending it all on the •-.■ purchase' of a
drede^r. which could not b*»v*» been op
erated except at great additional ex-,
pens?. - -
COUNTIES SETTLE
WITH THE STATF
!t*ay Into the Treasury the Money
Collected on Account of State •
Taxes.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. I.— Fifty-two
County Treasurers/ of California have
completed • settlements with Controller
Colgan and paid into the State treasury
the money collect on account of State
taxes. It is acknowledged that The Call's
timely and thoroi:*h expose of the scheme
concocted by shrewd attorneys to defeat
settlements 'u\>?-t the calculations of the
schemers and thought about the desired*
adjustment between the County Treasur
ers and the State. To-niprht there Is more
than three million dollars in the State
treasury. "WBen The Call exposed the
scheme two *eeks ago the amount was
; less than, a li*i£ million, and the prospect
of additional payments seemed remote
and uncertain. Only five counties are de
linquent in settlement, and their affairs
will soon be adjusted to the satisfaction
of the Controller.
Spared Because of Youth.
SAN RAFAEL. Jan. I.— On account of
his youth and the suffering caused his
parents by the exposure of his folly, the
firm of Knlttel & Williams decided not to
prosecute young Edward Mastrup for
having opened their safe several times
and abstracted sums therefrom amount
ing to $64. Accordingly the lad was taken
before Justice Gardner, and, on pleading
guilty to a charge of petty larceny, was
fined" $20. This amount was paid by the
boy's . father, who has agreed to refund
the money stolen from the safe.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. L 6 p. m.
The following; are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as cor. rared with those of same date
iaet season, and rainfall In last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 15.43
Red Bluff 2.00 5.81 6.08
Sacramento 0.70 4.42 4.38
San Francisco  0.47 4.47 4.07
Fresno J 0.00 1:82 1.89
San Luis Obispo 0.00 1.34 1.58
Los Angeles 0.00 0.24 2.53
San Diego 0.00 1.09 1.41
Yuma 0.00 1.32 0.81
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
51; minimum, 42; mean, 46.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAX.
FORECAST.
The- storm is still central oft the coast of
Washington. The pressure has fallen rapidly
over the entire Pacific Slope during? the last
twenty-four hours, th» lowest reading being
29.28 inches at Astoria.
Rain has fallen in the western portions of
Oregon and "Washington and the northern por
tion of California. Snow is now falling in the
eastern portions of Washington and Oregon
and in Nevada.
The rain will extend into Southern California
Monday.
The rainfall at Red Bluff during the past
twenty-four hours amounts to two inches.
Conditions arc favorable for continue*! rain in
California, although there may be a temporary
clearing during Monday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. January 2. 1899:
Northern California— Rain Monday; brisk to
high southerly wind.
I Southern California— Cloudy, with rain Mon
day; fresh southerly wind.
Nevada — Know Monday.
Utah— Snow Monday.
Arizona— Cloudy, with snow In the mountains
Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Rain Monday;
fresh to brisk southerly wind.
G. H. WILLSON.
Looal Forecast Official.
THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
January, 1599.
2
»
16
23
Tu.
8
10
][
24
31
We
4
11
18
2i
5
12
"a
24
FY.
6
v
ii!
21 j
2<
Sa.
•T
Moon's Phases
/m-Lasi Quarter
'VS- January 4.
! /S!v New Moo a.
i VsX January 11.
■jk First Quarter,
jy January 18.
©Full Moon.
January 28.
30
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographio
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, la
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit th«
office, where complete sets of charts'and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and aH matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, la hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory. Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving thp error. If any. is published
In the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. In charge.
SUN. MOON AND TTDE.
United States ■ Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hirh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mlsslon-jtreet wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide ig the same at both places.
MONDAY, JANUARY J.
Sun rises 7:25
Sun sets 5;03
Moon rises 10:S4 p. m.
0 I
£ 1
» 
2 ...
3 ...
4 ...
6 ...
6 ...
i
3:!
1:1
4:1
5::
5:!
9:TI
10:11
.11:11
12:13
1:08
| 2.4
2.0
1.5
1.0
I 0.5
2:>
3:-
-5.1
6:!
•7:i
I 8:53
9:36
10:21
11:09
I 0.8
1.3
1.8
2.3
L—
7 ...
8 ...|
0:05'
I 1:05|
lb
I 2.1
6:
7.;
6.0
I 6.3|
2:04
2:56|
3.8
4.1
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence a& to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tlda
and the last or right hand column gives th«
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Mackinaw ITacoma ;... Jan. 2
Wellington Departure Bay Jan! 2
Protection Seattle ]j an 2
Orizaba Newport Jan" »
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound Jan! 2
Pomona Humboldt IJan 2
Samoa Humboldt !!lJan '
Grace D011ar.... Grays Harbor Jan 2
Ruth Coos Bay an * 2
Australia I Honolulu ■ j Jan" 3
Mineola Tacoma Jan! 3
Aloha. Point Arena ...Jan 3
Santa R05a..... I San Diego Jan" 4
Areata [Coos Bay... !" j a n" -4
•Empire '.... : Coos Bay !! jaj,* 4
Willamette Nanalmo Jan! 4
Crescent City... Crescent City " Jan" s
State California Portland "'ban' 5
Point Arena.... Point Arena Jan" 5
Chilkat Humboldt j a n' 5
Coos Bay Newport Jan* 6
Curacao Mexico jj an . 6
Doric. China & Japan Jan. 6
Progreso Seattle an . <
Weeott Yaquina Bay Jan. 7
Walla Wa11a.... Victoria & Pugst Sound Jan. 7
Colon Panama Jnn. 8
Corona San Diego IJan. 8
North F0rk....: Humboldt .; I Jan S
Columbia [Portland 1 Jan 10
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Corona ...... San Diego Jan. 2. 11 amPler 11
Columbia .. Portland Jan. 3, V) am Pier 24
Signal Grays Harbor Jan. 3, 4 pm Pier 13
Orizaba ... Newport..* Jan. 4. 9 am' Pier 11
Pomona — IHumboldt Jan. 4, 2pm I Pier 9
Aloha Point Arena.. Jan. 4, Bpm Pier 2
C. Nelson.. Puget Sound..) Jan. 6. 10 am Pier 2
Santa Rosa San Diego..... Jan. 6, 11 am Pier 11
Areata : Coos Bay Jan. 6. 10 am Pier 13
Queen Vie & Pgt Sd. Jan. 6. 10 ami Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. I Jan. 7. '3. pm Pier 2
China Chlria& Japan Jan. 7. 1 pm PMSS
State of Cal Portland Jan. 8. 10 am Pier 24
Coos Bay... j Newport. Jan. 8, 9 am '■ Pier 11
■U'eeott Yaqu-tna Bay. Jan. 9 I -
Acapulco Panama Jan. 9. 12 mipiiss'
:inatlon.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
' arrived. ~~~~ :
r,,. V Saturday, December 31.
Bktn Gleaner, Sprague, 6 days from Colum
bia River. . •
_ Sunday, January 1.
Stmr Alcazar. Gunderson, 65 hours from New
port, with stmr Alcatraz in tow. * "
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson. 65 hours from New
port, in tow of stmr Alcazar.
Stmr Charles Nelson, Anderson, 88 hours frm
Seattle.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 18 hours from Moss
Landing. ■
Stmr. Albion, Thompson, 40 hours from Port '
Los Angeles.
Schr Wing and Wing, Slmmis, 8 days from
Coos Bay.
SAILED.
, _ Sunday. January 1.
Stmr Sunol. Jacobs.
Stmr Brunswick, Andresen.
Stmr T'matilla. Cousins, Victoria and Port
Townsend. .
TELEGRAPHIC.
JOINT LOBOS— Jan. 1, 10 p. m —Weather
cloudy; wind SW; velocity 16 miles. vveatner
DOMESTIC PORTS.
he A nce :o l^o A 3"o" Ja " ~ Stnlr °*° V Elder.
TRANS- ATLANTIC STEAMERS. ' •
wSSZBSF* I ** Jan *?&% Pat "*. 'm
fro^^ew-^k^ Jan I~Stmr1 ~ Stmr Breta^ne. *
fo? T N 3 ew N ! T r ( WN Jan I~Sl ~ Si ™ Umbria,
«SS*VS£ R is£ lwd Jftn l - B *» «• a-THE SOUTHEASTER NEARLY SWALLOWED THEM UP.
Two men, officers of tlfe ship Indiana and steamer Roanoke, took the ship's boat and started on a hunting expedition yesterday morning. Luckily
they had a email duck boat in tow or they would not now be alive to tell the tale. They started for Suisun Bay and when between Goat Island and
Long Wharf, Oakland, a squall struck the boat and she was upset. The men were weighted down with their long boots and cartridge belts and
would have sunk had they not seized the duck boat and held on until they were washed ashore on the Berkeley mud flats. The ship's boat sank,
but one of the men had the presence of mind to cut the painter that fastened it to the duck boat before it went down.
SOUTHEASTER
ON THE BAY
CAUSES TROUBLE
Two Men Nearly Lost
Their Lives.
SQUALL UPSET THEIR BOAT
CLUNG TO A HUNTING SKIFF
AND DRIFTED ASHORE.
':'• ••■•.• '..'•" ■:■•.•*
•, r ' ;
Barge In Collision With Schooner
, Queen — Ferryboats Late and
Commuters Have a
Lively Time.
There were wild times on the water
front yesterday. The new year opened
up with a southeaster and the shipping
from the ferries to the mail dock caught
.it. The ferry boats ran at irregular in
tervals and the passengers who crossed
the bay on them had good lively times.
On the Piedmont one of the chain boxes
used for ballast broke adrift and caused
the steamer to give a lurch that made
everybody think she was going over. Just
at that moment a rain squall struck her
and a big sea broke aboard over the bow,
BO.it was no wonder some of the passen
gers began to say their prayers. The
master mechanic from the Oakland yard
■ was aboard and he superintended the
making fast of the derelict ballast box,
and the Piedmont made her berth without
any further mishap.
The new ferry steamer Berkeley ran
throughout the day and strange to say
made better weather of it than did the
Newark, Encinal and Piedmont. Occa- !
sionally a sea would break over her, but
Hhe seemed to stand up to the gale in a
workmanlike manner. In order to cross
the bay the ferry boats had to face the
storm, so it took them twice the usual
time to make each trip.
Two men named Merry and Henderson
nearly lost their lives during the gale.
Their boat capsized between Goat Island
and Long Wharf, Oakland, and had it not
been for a little hunting skiff that they
held onto they would assuredly have been
drowned.
Merry is- an officer on the American ship
Indiana and Henderson Is an officer on
the steamer Koanoke. Both vessels are
laid up in Oakland Creek. Saturday the j
two men made up their minds to go duck
hunting and the excursion was set for ;
yesterday morning. A fine new boat, I
which cost $200, had just been supplied
the Indiana and the men decided to take
it. As the hunting would be done in |
Sulsun Bay a hunting boat was taken ;
along, in order that the hunters might be j
able to follow the ducks into shallow ,
water. , ...
Merry and Henderson were armed with >
new breech-loading guns for the occasion
and when they stepped into the ships
boat they had on their cartridge bells and
long boots. . * _
All went well until they were off Goat
Island and close to the, training ship
Adams and British ■ ship Scottish Hills
when a sudden squall struck the boat, a ;
big wave broke aboard and over she |
went. With great presence of mind Mer
ry cut the painter that held the hunting
boat and the two men clung to it.
Their long boots were full of water and
the cartridge belts weighed them down so
that It was Impossible to get into the
cockleshell. They yelled for assistance,
but the roar of the wind drowned their
cries. After drifting about for a whiles
the ship's boat sank and an hour later
the hunting boat, with the two men cling
ing to it, drifted ashore on the Berkeley
flats.
After getting their blood In circulation :
the two men did not wait for a change
of clothing, but came direct to San Fran- !
cisco. They hired Henry Peterson's
launch Amy. and Captain Wilson took
them to the scene of their disaster. For
two hours a search for the ship's boat
was kept up and-then they came back to
the city. .After changing their clothes
they crossed the bay again with the in- i
tention of patrolling the Berkeley beach
until the boat comes ashore.
In Mission Bay the full force of the ;
Btonn was felt. A barge broke adrift and !
ranged down alongside the schooner.
Queen. The latter yessel was consider
ably chafed before the tug Alert could
take hold of the barge and tow her to a
place of safety.
The bark Coloma and the ship Falls of i
Clyde were to have gone to sea, but as j
the wind Shows signs of changing around I
to the southwest the captains decided to j
postpone the sailing day. Captain Han- j
gen was ashore and the Coloma was lying j
off Vallejo-street wharf. For three hours
he tried to prevail on various boatmen to
take him to his ship, but It was only
when the wind went down a little that
! one of them would venture out.
The ship Reaper was to have moved
out into the stream and the steamer Mor
gan City was to have moved from Harri
son to Eolsom-street wharf, but tHe
southeaster kept them at their berths.
The steamers Cnilkat from Eureka, Pro- I
tection from Seattle and Wellington from \
Nanaimo, B. C, were all due yesterday, I
but failed to get in, while the old Gipsy i
from Moss Landing came : in ahead of |
time.
The steam launches from the training |
ship Adams, coast survey steamer Me-
Arthur and gunboat Wheeling all came
in during the morning and tied up at
Folsom-street wharves. They did not
venture out again during the day.
The first vessel to arrive in the riew
year was the steamer Charles Nelson
from Seattle. She made port just as the
gale was beginning. The first and only
vessel to leave port in the new year was
the steamer Umatilla for Puget Sound
ports.
The tugs Alert and Transit have fin
ished the laying of the new Government
cable between the military reservations.
From the Presidio it was laid to Lime
Point, then to Sausalito, • then to Angel
Island and finally to Alcatraz. The old
cable from Black Point to Alcatraz has
been taken up, as vessels were constantly
dragging down on it and getting their
anchors foul.
Captain Hatfleld. formerly of the British
ship Lancing and later of the defunct
Alaska-Yukon Transportation Company,
has gone back to his old love. Up has ac
cepted the command of the Hawaiian
bark Star of Russia and is now on his
way to Hawaii for a load of sugar.
The steamer Alcatraz arrived from
Newport South yesterday in tow of the
Alcazar. It will be remembered that the
Alcatraz broke down during the recent
norther and was driven south. She was
towed Into Newport by the Alcazar and
has now come here to have a new shaft
put In. -
AT THE PARK AND CLIFF.
Pleasure Resorts Deserted on New
Years Day.
San Francisco's people passed the glad
New Year day seated at their firesides.
Owing to the rain and tempest the park
was deserted. The policemen even re
mained indoors. They expected no crowd
and they were right, for no crowd came.
A few people braved the etorm and went
to the Cliff House, where behind the glass
shelter they watched the battle of the
elements for hours.
It was a dull initial day at the pleasure
places, but during this year lively times
are anticipated.
Superintendent of the Park McClaren
states that work will begin Immediately
on a big artificial lake near the end of
the speed track. Over 30,000 cubic yards
of dirt will be removed during the exca
vation, which, it is thought, will be com
pleted by ApriL As soon as the lake la
finished other extensive Improvements
will be Inaugurated.
Considering the weather, very good
crowds visited the Chutes and Sutro'-s
Baths. Folowing are the results of the
contests at the baths: 50-yard dash for
novices— G. Freith first, Otto Hellberg
second. 100-yard dash, juvenile— H. See
bach first, A. Hay second. 50-yard, ama
teur—O. Berfuss first, H. Anderson sec
ond. 100 yards, non-professional— H. See
bach first, F. Duran second. Trick and
fancy diving— F. Duran first, H. Seebach
second. Trapeze and high diving— F.
Green first, Dan Gr«en second.
THE REALM OF SPORTS.
Many Interesting Events to Take
Place in the Near Future.
The new year was ushered in with many
bright prospects for the realm of sports.
Interest in pugilism has been revived, as
has been demonstrated by the many ex
hibitions which have taken place in the
last year.
Manager Groom says the biggest event
I in the near future would be a fight be
twr-en Corbett and Jeffries. No definite
' steps have yet been made to bring the
i two men together, but they were anxious
i to meet in the ring in San Francisco if
satisfactory arrangements could be made,
the light to take place some time in the
I month of February.
George Green will remain here and will
' not go East, as was reported. He will
I make another match to take place in this
: city some time in March if he can get
: some well known Eastern pugilist of his
own weight to give him battle.
Creedon has not decided what he will
I do, but one thing is sure— he will never
; regain his old form, owing to his lame
1 ankle, which was broken in a previous
; fight. He has never really recovered
from the accident. Even up to last Fri
i!:<v, the date he met Green, he still fa
vored the ankle and was afraid It might
go back on him at any time.
Yesterday's Handball Sports.
New Year's day was observed in Phil
Ryan's handball court at 858 Howard
street by eleven double settos between the
crack San Francisco players. All of last
year's scores were wiped out and a clean
slate was presented to the players for the
ensuing year. Consequently those who
! played yesterday were the first to enter
' for the honors of 1899. The play and'
! scores made were as follows:
W. Hassell and L. Kenny defeated B. Clem
ents and E. Antron. Score: 21—12, 19—21,
21—9.
L. Kenny and T. Clements defeated M. Ma
-1 trulre and E. Antron. Score: 21—11. 14—21,
i 21—18.
E. McDonough and T. Quinn defeated E.
! Lynch and T. Griffiths. Score: 21—19. 13—21,
; 21— 1«.
I R. Madden and J. Peters defeated T. Han
| low and T. Murphy. Score: 21 — 11, 15 — 21,
21-20.
T. Leach and J. Condon defeated R. Houa
mas and M. Basch. Score: 21—17, 13—21, 21—19.
P. Herrln and P. Foley defeated M. Fogarty
and M. J. Stokes. Score: 21—10. 15—21. 21—16.
M. MfWonald nnd P. Btelner defeated L. Car
ralne and M. McNeil. Score: 21— 19. 11—21.
| 21-18.
| P. Hutchinson and M. Dillon defeated P.
i Kelly afld O. Hutchinson. gcore: 21—16, 13—21,
21—9.
i M. Marulre and T>. Regan defeated E. Cur
i ley and M. Mclaughlin. Score: 21—20. 10—21,
21—12.
J. Dowllngr and R. Murphy defeated E. Toy
and J. Collins.- Score: 21—11, 14—21. 21—19.
Interested in Fruit.
P. R. Shelby of Cleveland, Ohio, who
arrived at the Palace yesterday, is very
prominently identified with the fruit in
dustry of Idaho, and is rated as a very
wealthy man. He is the president of the
Southern Idaho Fruit Growers' Associa
tion, which is one of the moat influential
organizations of its kind in existence.
Formerly Mr. . Shelby was one of the
prominent officials of the Canadian Pa
cific Railway,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 2, 1899.
BIG FAVORITES
SIDETRACKED
AT INGLESIDE
A Good Day for the
Shortenders.
HEAVEN'S FLOODGATES OPEN
7 HE COURSING EXCELLENT NOT
WITHSTANDING.
Open, Sapling and Puppy Stakes Will
Be Run Off To-Day — Some Good
Hatches Are on the
Card.
' There was a large crowd at Ingleside
Coursing Park yesterday, considering the
condition of the weather. The dogs
splashed through the large pools of water
and the coursing, in the main, surprised
everybody. Tha little hares darted over
the ground, and, in most of the courses,
gave the dogs all the exercise they de
sired. They seldom reached the slips,
however, but succeeded in keeping on the
ground for over a minute, in many in
stances, before the heavy ground began
to tell upon them.
The pool men say that betting was up
to snuff and dollars in largo quantities
were risked on the favorites, particularly
at the first stage of the game. When the
tide of affairs turned after the course be
tween Las Palmas and Rusty Gold, the
sacks of coin were laid down on the short
enders.
The day was an Inning for the short
enders and some pretty good money was
picked up. Some of the leading favorites
at the park went down, probably owing
to the torrents of rain which were falling.
Among them were Moondyne 11, Gladia
tor and Hotstuff. The most money waa
pulled down on Leonora, who was a flve
to-one short end against Moondyne 11.
No pools were sold -tm the course be
tween Vigilant and Billy Gladstone, as it
was discovered that one of the dogs was
blind in one eye. One of the longest
tussles occurred between Pet Kirby and
Miss Alice. The score was 11 to 9 in fa
vor of Pet Kirby. The pretty work was
all . done immediately in front of the
grand stand, and, as there was a sack of
money at stake, the clever tricks per
formed by each bitch brought forth en
thusiastic applause from their respective
backers.
Eight dogs were billed for the sapling
stake and six for the puppy stake. It
was the intention of the managers of the
park to run off each of these stakes yes
terday, but they were continur-d until to
day, when they will be llnished before the
open stake will commence. Prospects
point to a '-cry successful day and the
pairs of dogs which are on the card as a
result of yesterday's run down will keep
the betting fraternity" guessing. The
ground will probably be in good condition
and the hares are fleet as arrows. Tha
following were' yesterday's results:
• Sapling stake — St. Ellen beat Rock Island
King; Lexington beat Bell of Anderson; War
rinr beat Tiger Lily and Miss Richmond beat
Baby Mine.
Puppy «take— Prince George beat Lady (311
--mure; Black Hawk beat Conqueror and Shyiock
bent. Maid of the Mill.
Open stake, first round— Lady Herschel beat
Jersey Lily; Mlra Monte beat Jim H; St.
Michael beat Black Lock; Glen Hosa beat
American Eagle; Tod Sloan beat War Cloud;
Brate beat Royal Oak; Flyaway beat Mountain
P.«auty; White Lily beat Chlcopee; Rathbnne
beat Mayflower; Young America beat Benlcla
Boy; Rocket beat Sunburst; Koolawn beat
Buckpye; Old Glory beat Mattel; Lottie M beat
Free .Silver Boy; RuFty Gold beat Laa Palmas;
O X Capitol beat Gladiator; Commodore Nash
best o'Grady; Willful bent Report; Leonora
beat Moondyne II; Pet Kirby boat Mlfs Alice;
Miss Grizzle beat Hanfnrd; Brllliant'ne beat
Martha Washington; Bendalong beat Soubrette;
Hurricane beat Master Nat; Glen Chloe beat
Diana; Crosspatch beat Mystic Mai<!; Tortido
heat Beauty; Babe Murphy beat Iron Lnike;
Kerry Oow beat Hotßtuff; Royal Buck beat
Statesman; Lighfoot beat Liberty Bell; For
pive beat Emerald; Billy Gladstone beat Vigi
lant; Sllkwood beat Armagh Lass; Flying Buck
beat Capadura.
AT UNION PARK.
Plenty of Bain and Sport Enjoyed
Yesterday.
The following are the results of the run
down of yesterday's card at Union Cours
ing Park. The winners which compose
to-day's bill are well matched and betting
is likely to be neavy.
Puppy stakes-Rollicking Airs beat Santa
In»"7.; Rings Around beat St. Alma; Belmont
Boy beat Recent Arrival and Santa Rita beat
Foremost.
Introduction stake— False Flatterer beat
Prince Hal; Morning Glory beat Cavalier; Firm
Friend beat Golden. Russet and Patria beat
Lord Byron.
Reserve stake — Petronlus beat Masterpiece;
Crawford -Lass beat Alameda; Bona Dea beat
Dauntless; Beauty Spot beat Block Pattl; Vic
tor beat Silyanlte; Bell of Moscow beat Denip
sey Lass; Revolver beat Magnus; Swlnnerton
beat Lamplighter; Trir.ket beat Campania; Fre
clta Girl bent Newsboy; Van Chloe beat Vida
Shaw; Sylvanus beat Maid of Ball: Theron
Sir John Arm.tt; Mona beat Hercules;
Maid of Erin beat Tic Tac; Left Bower beat
Wild Lassie; Crawford Braes beat Pretender;
Mercy May beat Ski; True Grit beat Fireball;
Senorita beat Scar! pin; White Chief beat Rose
bud; Tocaloma beat Lady Bell; Snapshot beat
Santa Allca; Interesting beat Pocahontas; Log
Boy beat Killarney Lass; Gallivant beat Doug
lass; Joy Bells beat Flylngr Faster} Still Try
ing beat Brilliantine.
San Jose Coursing.
SAN JOSE, Jan. I.— Despite the rain
there was some good coursing at San
Jose Park to-day. The attendance was
not very large, but there was plenty of
enthusiasm and the betting was lively.
The hares all ran well and the dogs made
excellent time over the wet ground.
J. G. Thompson of Santa Clara, owner
of Dexter P, was ruled off the course for
alleged crookedness. Dexter P acted
queerly in a race with Pyramus and the
Judge decided he had been doped.
In the first round the results were:
At Last beat Belle; Gilt Edge beat Madge
Wildfire; Brlmboo beat Rush O' ; Sandow beat
Small Hop; Gallagher beat Clare B; Game Lpr
beat Thisbe; Laurelwood beat Mountain Boy;
Lady Islington beat Straight Tip; Faultless
Beauty beat Flush; Blue Rock beat Kentuck;
Maud S beat Bill Xye; Pyrarnus beat Dexter
P;One Spot beat Johnny Payne; Pastime beat
Belle of Menlo; Walcott beat I'eppln; Sharkey
beat Motto.
In the run down At Last beat Gilt Edge;
Brlmboo beat Sandow; Gallagher beat Game
Leg; Laurel wood beat Lady Islington; Fault
less Beauty beat Blue Rock; Pyramus beat
Maud S; One Spot beat Walcott; Sharkey beat
Pastime.
The finals will be run to-morrow morn-
Ing.
Maiden Won at Stockton.
STOCKTON, Jan. I.— Rain did not ln
terefere with tke sport at Goodwater
Grovo to-day until the last course. The
hares were exceptionally good. The re
sults were:
Twenty-six dog stake, run downs— Hera We
Are beat Star Pointer; Searchlight beat Jill;
Hobin Adalr beat Yellow Kid; Trixle beat Tom
Cy; Sliver King beat Magnolia: Prince beat
Extra Pale: Rosebud beat Daisy M; Maiden
beat Harkaway ; Traversia beat Ruth Ash
more; Red Chief beat Zora "Z" ; Reno beat
Maid Adrlm; Lilly D beat Arno; Ruby beat
Etta A.
First ties— Searchlight x>eat Here We Are;
Robin A beat Trixie; Silver King beat Prince:
Maiden beat Rosebud; Red Chief beat Tra
versia; Reno beat Lilly D; Ruby a bye.
Second ties— Robin A beat Searchlight; Mai
den beat Silver King; Ruby beat Red Chiefi
Reno a by*
Third ties— Reno beat Ruby; Maiden beat
Rohin A.
Final— Maiden beat Reno.
Maiden first money, Reno second. Ruby third,
Robin A fourth. Red Chief fifth. Silver King
sixth. Searchlight seventh, Harkaway eighth.
Maid Adrlm ninth.
CORINTHIANS GIVE A
NEW YEAR'S DINNER
YACHTSMEN FEAST IN TIBURO*. :
CLUB HOUSE. |
i
Well-Known Tars Lend Helping
Hands as Cooks, Walters and
Salad Makers.
Not a whit daunted by the southerly
storm and driving rain of yesterday— no
yachtsman fears anything wet — the Cor
inthians held their thirteenth annual din- !
nee at Tiburon yesterday. A goodly crowd
of members met in the club-house during
the morning and at about 1:30 p. m. the
discussion of the bountiful menu began. | (
The bill of fare, upon a piece of canvas |
I In the shape of a mainsail, set forth the I
I following good things: SB'S
Concocted— Gallic appetizer.
Smoked—
Salted— Olives a la trait© de Paris.
Compounded— old Scandinavian fer
tilizer, like your Norse progenitor used to
make.
Imported— dulce, Pedro Ximenez, '
vintage of 18??. - V:.:
Baked— Mallard with adjuncts, suckling
: pig with accessories, turkey and depend- j
1 encies, Wisconsin goose with confederates. }
Boiled— Salinas spuds, prepared accord- |
ing to a secret process; sweet potatoes. j
Fermented— Cabernet, Riesling and Sau
terne.
Infused— noir, affording a glimpse |
of the Corinthian grounds in Java. '
Cured— Cut navy plug and cigars.
The salad was made by the deft hands
of L. B. Chapman. Hawks officiated as i
turkey carver, Denhard as duck carver,
Gorter as pig carver and Ramson as
goose carver. The waiters were Thorn- i
ton (described as president of the Cooks'
and Waiters' Union, Madera Parlor, Cor- I
inth), Short, Buck, Howe, Schober and
H. W.-Westorfeld. '
! When the black coffee came round Com
modore Carl Westerfeld rose and In a few , '
well-chosen words alluded to the loss the
club has sustained by the death of its | '
untiring and capable secretary, the late j
E. B. l,athrop, a young man dear to all '
yachtsmen for his kindness and geniality
and respected for his knowledge of yacht
ing and all that pertains to the sport.
After the commodore came W. Mines,
who in an amusing and clever speech al- (
luded to the impossibility of doing any- J
thing nowadays without the necessity of ; (
a stamp. If you write a letter you must |
stamp it; sign a check, it must be | (
stamped; buy a new pair of boots, you
must stamp to get your feet into them; i
your wine must be stamped, your tobacco I
and whisKy, too. Next "Billy" Hines j i
gave the rag-time song "Ziz-ze-zum-zum- J
zum," and by special request his famous (
laughing song. ,
T. F. Tracy, ex-commodore and ex- (
owner of the sloop Secret, spoke for the
old-times and urged upon the members i
the necessity of standing by the admin
istration and being Corinthians through i
and through. Frank Mitchell entertained
the company with speech and song and '
was followed by George Croal in the
"Little Irish Maid," by ' Doc" Emmons
with a recitation and by a whistling per
formance. C. B. Hill, secretary of the
San Francisco Yacht Club, spoke as a
representative of Sausalito yachtsmen ; •
and made a kindly allusion to the late ' •
secretary of the Corinthians. •
More songs and speeches followed and '
all thoroughly enjoyed the generous hos
pitality of the Tiburon yachtsmen. Thus ; ,
ended a most agreeable and successful !
reunion— the first event of the yachting
season of 1899.
~*~ :
A Caribou (Me.) church society set the .
admission given to a chicken pie supper ;
recently at cent for each inch of waist
measure.
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' fioide to Responsible Merchants, Mannfacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Oomsponfllng With Any «f th« r»fl*wtay rirai FleMa HentUa "Tin C»1L"
ART VTARB AND . ANTIQUE FURNITURE
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
flrtlstlc Furniture and flrl Ware Importers.
117 .SLITTER STREET.
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
VM. SCfIOENING, ip B p rmo n a B d^ de 6Upplled -
_____ —
' '■': BELTINQ.
Ln IIFfiPV Manufacturer of Belting nnd
• *• UEUEH, Laco Leather, 105-107 Mis-
Blon St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
. BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY, Proprietor. .
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
Work.
Office and Works— MISSION ST. r
Telephone Main 6045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY.,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell,
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
CARRIAGE MAKERS.
O'RDIEM * CftVC— Makers and Dealers in
OAICn tt JLandaus, Hacks, Victorias.
Carts and Buggies.- Golden Gate aye. and Polk
St., San Francisco.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
900 BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1564.
COPPERSMITHS,
SANDERS & CO., practical : coppersmiths,
m/r's of sheet copper and tubing, Improved con-
tinuous stills, etc. 415 Mission st., near First;
I all work guaranteed.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lAS RfIYFC *TO Shipping Butchers, 104
JA3- DUIE3 (X UJ., Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS.
ft lI II A Hunters' Equipments, Fishing
l«llnJV Tackle, Athletic Goods, etc. Send
U JIIIJ for catalogue. GEO. W. 6HREVB,
|wv 1 1 %# 739 Market street.
HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co., lmporters Dealers
in Hardware, 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton & Hedley , Props..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
Any Eyeglasses Fitted
With Our New Clip
That Don't 6Hp
For 50 Cents.
Oculists' Prescriptions Filled. Factory on
Premises. Quick Repairing. Phone, Main 10.
Opticians ko^ k ge:n cy.
642 Market St.
; chronicle building-
WE EMPLOY NO AGENTS.
\.. Ms§^§S*&&r^ Doctor
§gr^^m m eve r s
j§p jjggMfipt Specialists for Men
V»»9 f<J^ \tsi\ curing veski«ii and con-
\\ Wit r * r »*'* < ' ailment* »mo» 1881.
"iIViR/ VvUßwiSil T1 "y have the !"««* »°d
\M-fi 1 "' 1 "\rft3^*^Nt 1)f£l e«ulpp»d luniickl in-
-5^ vM' /■ J AlV!»aJ"^''JUj^lt"tlon. and the miat ex-
X 'iSfflilH^t&ftli'ir'^St 3 ' t * n3 ' ve P"'" c e in the V. S.
$%k No Pay Tlll Cured#
«?§ii V i «(ffft-®AIW^ Unfortnnate men who can-
<K&/, X. \ \^*<V.**S4 not c»U tliould »ri! 8 for aj-
rice and private h*k—
ESTABLISHED IT YEARS. _ AL.Ii FREE.
Thousands cured at home*
All letter, confidential. >' Charge for Consultation.
701 MARKET ST., I_, k■_
I 01 SAN CISCO f tlevatl>r Entrance.
Munyon'sHeadache and indigestion Cure
I Is the only remedy on the market that
! •will cure every form of Headache in 3
j to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion, stim-
| ulate the nerves and build up the sys-
! ten. It should be in every home and
every traveler's gripsack. At all Drug-
i gists. 25 cures 25c.
||g§ggil|§Bsj RUPTURE.
WESTLSS J2M} USB NO MORE IRON
g&ffS&jigf&K&r Hoops or Steel Springs.
n"- 3 **aj|Mfcfi^ Rupture retained with ease
■^^*TB^<r an( s comfort, and thousands radl-
■ fgk? cally CURED by DR. PIERCERS
» /JU* Magnetic Elastic Truss. C 7" Call at
Via©'' office br write for New Pamphlet No. 1,
MAONBTIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO..
(20 Market st., opp. Palace Hotel, SanFranclaoo.
I
y^^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JL—^()^r> KEARXT ST. Established
R\jc* pi* ij« in mil fur the treatment nl Private
m llk P^» Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
H BjMWfc disease wearing on bodyand mlndaiirl
fcY.wi;T%*i#s Siiln Diseased. 'I'hedoctorcurcswhpn
' j2^*.^Sy others fall. Try him. Charges low
MHls&H|('ur«>i|;naranlPi>d. C:Ulorwrlte.
I 3>r. J. I' 1 . UIBBON, llox 1957. San i'runclaua
I
The Weekly Call.
of It Publishes the Cream of th«
T) News of the Week and
2 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
eJ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
! °S IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
©/ PAPER ON THE
J PACIFIC COAST .
CX _
2 The Best N. / Mining
j°* Telegraphic \/ News That
|°( Service on /N. Is Accurate
ol The Coast / . \*uptod«t«
ex / \- __
o^ Not a Line of it Sensational
q) or Faky, and Not a Line of
*Jj it Dry or Uninteresting.
Of Brlfflit, Clean, I A Champion of
\\J Thoughtful. Truth.
°j ■'' =±ja
Enlarged to 16 Pages. $1 per Year
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
HririrrNAVMARD AND VALLEJoT
Steamer "Monticello.'"
Hon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat...
9:46 a. m., 8:15 p. m. (8:30 p.- m. ex. Thurs.).
Fridays ...«1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays.". 10:30 a. m. and S p. m.
Landing and of flees— Mission Dock. Pier 2.
Telephone Main 1003.
j:^ ; ; . . MANUFACTURERS.
GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MFG. CO.
Manufacture Blankets, Casslmeres, Twseds ana
Flannels, 835 Market st., Sjin Francisco, Cal.
Goods for sale at all leading i.ry-good- stores.
MARINE INSURANCE.
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Combined Capital, $4,000,000.
SYZ & CO.. Agents,
• ' . 301 California st.
PAPER DEALERS.
Wll I AMFTTF PULP AND paper co..
' ILLHIIIC II L 722 Montgomery Strcat.
PIANOS.
The Oldest Firm and Largest Stock.
F»IPVrSO and MUSIC STORB.
KOHLER & CHASE,
28 and 30 O'Farrell st.
A corps of expert tuners and repairers.
PRINTING. '
EC* HITI^HF^^i printer.
- V*- 1 1 VIII Loi 511 sansome street.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Te 'PARTRIDGE %££>*
THE HICKS- JUDD CO., SS^a^gr^.
TYPEWRITERS.
All Typewriters Rented.
JgJs*J%i3j3| Few partly used for sale cheap, i
JFJjjML *' AGENTS SMITH PREMIER.
|E|f3g|gk L. &M. ALEXANDER.
SSs&Jzr*S* HO Montgomery street.
WALLPAPER.
WHOLESALE & retail; send for samples, stat-
ing quality & color. DUFFY CO., 828 Howard.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Forwarding Agents and Public Weighers. Gen-
eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. Gen-
eral office, 210 California st. Tel. Main 1914.
WATCHES. ETC. ~~
TI ITVTIV Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
• LVLMJI, ull-IS-k. Wedding Rings. 4 3d st.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. at Its
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES,
Is the Best Coal In the Market.
Office and Yards — Main Street.
WOOD AND IVORY TURNINQ.
C. F. HAAS, mf r wood articles, any descrip-
tion. Planing, turning, 417 Mission. TeL M. 5927.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
fekt^ ■ Steamers leave Broadway
I ISe^sSSi^ •wharf, San Francisco:
I B3»ffs^\ - For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
| HP^^^BssV Jan. 1, 6, 11. 18, 21. 26. 31;
i UnJlHf Vvi'a Feb. 5; change at Seattle.
' r.SSS?*S-''3i For Victoria, Vancouver, (B.
P^SsiX^ia^at C), Port Townsend, Seattle,
Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.),
10 a. m., Jan. 1, 6, 1L 16, 21,
26 81, Feb. 5, and every fifth day thereafter;
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N.,Ry., at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry., at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 8 p. m., Jan. 4,
9, 14, 19, 24, 29, Feb. 3, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos,. Port 'Harford, (San Luis Obispo),
Gaviota. Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro, East San ■ Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m., Jan. 4, 8, 12, 16, 20, 24, 28,
Feb. -i,. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los -Angeles), 11 a.
m.. Jan. 2, C, 10, 14, 18, 22, 26. 30, Feb. 8, and
every fourth day thereafter. . ""
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, ' San Jose del
Cabo, ■ Mazatlan, Altata, La Pas, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mei.), 10 a. m., Jan. 12, Feb. 9,
Mar. 9. Apr. 6.
' For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to Chang's,
without previous notice, steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Arts.,
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0, R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a, m.
CADE SI 2 First Class Including Berths
IAnC $8 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia Bails Jan. 3, IS, 23, Feb. 2.
State of California sails Jan. 8, 18, 28, Feb. 7.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points "In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantic
(French Line)
DIRECT ; LINE to HAVRE-PARIS --^
(FRANCE). ' Sailing every Saturday
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42, North SmißmZ
River, foot of Morton street.
LA N0RMAND1E..........:........... Deo 31 j
; LA GA5C0GNE..................... Jan. 7
i LA CHAMPAGNE Jan. 14
LA BRETAGNE Jan. 21
LA NORMANDIE Jan. 28
First-class to Havre, $65 and upward, 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second-class to
Havre. $4",. 10 per cent reduction round trip
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowline; Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 5
Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
PSaPnUlgt B. S. AUSTRALIA
32as-*^r'sS»* Palls for Honolulu
• fii fl mmm Wednesday. January
Si — -x. 11, 1599, at 2 p. m.
Qj<<L-L: f /\ The S. S. MARl-
rtlcdinsnD^ posa e&iia via Hon °-
,~mrVi£ii lulu and Auckland for
(OdißOßtr Sydney Wednesday,
• Jan. 25, at 10 p. m.
Line to COOLGARIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— 327 Market St., San Francisco.
BAiLROAJ) TRAVEL.
California
Limited
Santa ffe Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 5
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES-
DAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. the
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving: In , New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, "BUFFET CAR. Ob-
* servation Car and Electric
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKEfWIK— IB MMIKT SI,
TELEPHONE MAIN 15M.
Oakland Office—lll^ Broadway.
i Saoramento Office— 2ol J Street.
; San Jose Offioe— 7 West Santa Clara Si !
: THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Nov. 10, lbbS, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. . North-bound.
Plissen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Sunday i ger.
tally. Exc'ptd Stations. Exc'ptd| Daily.
8.20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pmj 5:50 pra I
10.10 am 2:ospm ■ Merced 12:40 pmi 4:03 pm .
11-40 am B:3opm Fresno 9:30 am 2:32 pm |
12.-.3S ptn] 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:35 pm
3:20 pm 12:30 am Bakersfteld 2:30 am 11:25 am I
12:58 pm| B:sopm Visalia , 6:4oam| I:lspm ! :
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections :
inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 321 Market
1 street. Ban Francisco. * 1
AUCTION SALES.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
£** AT
GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKET,
327 Sixth Street,
WEDNESDAY January 4
At 11 a. m.
By order of Market-street Railroad Company
We will sell a lot of horses and mares used
on Twenty-fifth street division; also 20 head of
all-purpose horses, buggies, wagons, harness,
etc. SULLIVAN & DOYLE,
' Livestock Auctioneers.
RAILSCAD TRAVEL.
KOVTHKKN PACIFIC t'OJIPANT.
(PAOII'IU DttlML)
: Train* l*»»e nml nn< <in<. l<> Inrrlre at
MAN FItAM'IMO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
leave — « From Dec. 18, 1838. — arriyb
•«:OOa Nilea, Saa Jose »nd Way Stations... *8:45 a
7:OOa Keuicia, Suisun and Sacramento.... 5:13*
7:Otl a Miiryavilie, OroTilleand Keddiug Tia
Woodland 5:15r
7:OOa Klmira, Vacarllle and Rumsey 8:43p
7:30 a Martinez, Hsu Kamoo, Vallejo, Naps,
Oalistoga and Santa Kosa 6il3p
8:00 a Atlantic' Kxpress, Ugtleu and Kast.. Bi43p
•iUOa San Jose, Lirermore, Htuoktou,
lone, Sacramento. Plaoerrilla,
Marysiille, Caico. Ked Bluff 4ilSr
' 9:SOa •Milton, Oakdale and Jamestown... 4tl9p
0:OOa, Martinez, Tricy. Latbrop, Stockton,
Meroed and Fresno 18:13*
• iOOa Fresno, BakersUoM, 'Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles, Dealing, £1 Paso,
'. *. " New Orleans aiid East 6t4Sp
10:00 a Valid", Martinez and War Stations 7i45p
IViOOm If lies, Llrermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hauford, Visalia,
P^rterville ■. 4:I8»
*I:OOp Sacramento Hirer Steamers *8:00r
«:OOp Martinez, Han lUmon, Vallejo,
Napa, CalistoK*. Bants Uosa WilSa
4ioor Benicla, TacaTllle, Haoramento,
Wooillalid. Knights Landing,
Murjßvllle, Oroville 10:4.1*
4:30r Nilea, San Jose and Stockton 7:15*
S:Oorßan Francisco and Los Angeies
x Limited. Fresno, Bakersfield, Los
Angeles 9:4 5 a.
. 0:30p Stockton, Merced, Fresno 12:15r
StUttF Martinez, Tracy, jfandote, Fresno.
Miijave, Sauta i-arbara aud l.os
Aimt- lei »:4I>A
I5:00P Pacific Coast Limited, El Pa«d,
Fort Worth, Little Rock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East f9:45A]
Ot3»p Santa Fe Route. Aliiiiillc Kxpress
for Moja»e and Ka»t 6i4«p
O:OOp riiropeuii Mall, Ogilnii and Kast.... 0:43 a
6:00p Haywards, Niles and San Jose 7i43a.
'•:<•»!> Vallejo I«il8p
t7>oop Vallejo, Fort Oosta and Way Sta-
tions J9i43»
8:O«p Oregon lCx|>r*sii, Haoranientu, Marys.
ville, Ue.l.lliiK, l'oitlaml, I'uget
Sound ami ICast Sil3A
• lOiO.ip Sunset Limited. Fresno, Lot
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
and East M:4sp
SAN LtANKKO A\ n |» lIAYWAUIIS LOCAL. '
(Foot of Market Street.)
"I llflntM'. Sriiiiniirj Park, (
8:00 a Kltclihurtf, Klnilmrst, 6i€3a
itfiOOA San Lunmlro. South Baa (*Oi4sa
lO.OOa Leandro, K»tndlllo, 10:43 a
i11:OOa Lorenio, Cherry 12:4!* P
8i«op n ,l »1:43p
StOOp H«»»«r(I« 13i43p
4 - 00 ' i Run. througli to Nile*. 7: 3p
J t From Kites. I
COAST DIVISION (.Narrow (3»u|te).
(Foot of Market Street.)
ISa Newark, Cent,'rTiUe,S»n Jose, Kelton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Oniz and War
Stations StSev
*Stl9r Newark, CeoterTtlle, San Jose, Tfew
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations »I«»«MU
4:lilp Newark. San Jose and Lob Gatos... 9:20 a
t11:43p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations j7:2o>
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrouSiH FRANCISCO— Fc*t sf Utrktt Strut (Slip 3)—
*7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. tl:QO *2:03 t3:C3
•1:00 JB:0fl •6:oor.ii.
FrtaOllUJD— roil ofßroadwiT.— "6:oo 8:00 lOiOOa.M.
tI3:CO »I:00 ta:OO *3:03 M:00 «6:oo>ji.-
COAST DIVISION ( Broad tiaage).
(Third and Townaeiul Sta.) __ m
7100 a Ban Jose and Way Stations (New
Aluadsu Wednesdays only) liSOv
•■••A Ban Jose, Tres Plum, Hanta Onix,
Pad Ho Urore Paso llnbles, San
Luis Obhpo, Ouadalupe, Surf and
Principal WayStiUlnua 4ilop
I«:40a San .low and Way Stations *8iOO«.
Ili3oa Ban Jose and Way Stations St3»A
•*i43p San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
■ Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Baa Jose,
Qilroy, i Holllßter, Santa Crus,
Salinas, Monterey and Taoifio
Oro»e „ MOxB«A.
•JltSOp San Jose and Way Station! »9:o(>a
•4:13p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
•StOOpSan Jose and Principtt Way Stations 6:S5a
S:3op San Joss and Principal Way Stations 3:3*>p
O:U«r San Joss and Way Stations 7-.30P
tlli4sp San Joseaud Way Stations "i-.'.iOr
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Snnrfays eicepted. 1 Sundays only, * Saturdays only
•|[Mondayi and Thursdays. aTuesdays and Saturdays.
«3atuTdivinn<l Wednesdays. 6Thnr«d Sundays
CALIF ORNU NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE)
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Xiburon F»rry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:60
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, l;J0,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:60, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45.
8:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS- 8:10, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 8:40.
6:00, 6:25 p.. m.
Between San Franc'dco and Schuetsen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrlv*
Ban Francisco. In Effect I San Francisco.
October 18, ■
Week . Sun- 1898. Bun- Week
Days. ' days. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
i 8:30 pm 9:30 am. Petaluma, 6:lopm 10:25 am
B:10pm s:oopnJ Santa Rosa, 7:35pm 6:22pm
| ! Fulton,
7:30 am "Windsor, 10:25
Healdsburg. ,
Lytton,
Geyserville, .
S:S')pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:23 pm
Hopland and
7:80 am 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:85 pm 6:23pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
i, 8:00 am GuernevUls. 7:25 pm
1:30 pm • 6:22 pm
7:3oam 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am B:4oam
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:lopm 6:22pm
7:3oam 8:00 am Sebastopol. 1 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:3opm s:Copm | 7 :35 pm 6:22pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for. Mark, West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
servifle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside. Lierley's, Bucknell'a
Sanhedrtn Heights, Hullville, Booneville. Orr'g
Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
Westport, Usal, Willitts, Laytonville, Cum-
ming's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer.
Scotia and Eureka. -
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St.. Chronicle bldg.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
■ WEEK DAYS— »7:2O. »9:30, 11:00 a, m.; »1:45.
1:45. 5:15. »6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mondays.
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *S:OO, »10:00. *ll:30 a. m. *1:15.
1:00, *4:30, 6:15 p. m.
■ Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S, »6:35, 7:45, »9:30 a. m.:
•12:20, 2:20, *3:45, 6:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on ! Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O, »8:00, *10:00, *U:55 a. m.l
•1:15. »3:10, 4:40, »6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAY 5 —5:45 ,6:45. 7:55, 9:40 a. m.;
12:35, 2:45, 3:50. 5:20 p.^i. .
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
; and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:05 a. m.; 12:05, 1:20. 3:20.
1 6:00, 6:20 p. m. v
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a.m. week Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p.m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way .
• stations. ■ ■
8:30 a.m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta a.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalito Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing; Sunday,
Sept. 11. IS9S:
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo. 10:00. 11:30 a. m., 1:15 p. m.
' Round trip from Mill Valley, $1.
THOS. COOK & SON, Agents, 621 Market
etreet. San Francisco. '
WeeMy Gall $1.00 Der Year
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
HOW OAKLAND
HAS ELECTED
HER MAYORS
Only Two Have Had a
Majority.
DAVIE LEADS ALL OF THEM
TIME TO CONSIDER THOSE RE
MARKS OF CUVELLIER. '.
John A. Britton's Action Suggests
the Need of a Guardian—
Corporation With a
Soul.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 1.
A glance at the number of votes cast !
Tor the candidates for Mayor since 18S7 !
knows many instructive facts. Many men
who have been considered . "popular" |
polled very small comparative votes. Dr. j
Pardee was elected by the smallest vote ;
cast for a Mayor In the period named, |
with but one exception, ' yet Pardee is
often spoken of as a candidate who swept '
all before him. In 1893 Pardee was t the •
choice of 2726 voters, while J. L. Davle se
cured 232S and R. M. Fitzgerald 2191. The ;
only vote for Mayor. lower than that of i
Dr. Pardee was that of C. D. Pierce (D.),
who was elected in ISSS with 2376 votes.
The highest vote ever received by any ;
candidate for Mayor was that of John
L. Davie on the Populist ticket in 1895,
when he got 455."? votes, against Nelson .!
(R.), who received 3881, over 1100 more
than was necessary to elect Pardee two
years previously. M. C. Chapman and j
J. 1.,. Davie were the only Mayors who
ever received a majority of all the votes |
cast. In ISSy Chapman received 4317 votes
nut of 6SOO cast. Mayor Thomas- was
elected by 3061 out of about 9Goo— less tuari .
one-third". The uncertainty of party
votes is shown by the Republican fig
ures. which were, in ISS7, 2761; in 1888, 2309;
In 1889, 4317; in 1593, 746; in 1895, 3881; in
1817, 3061. The Democratic vote shows j
remarkable stability, the figures being
2003, 2376. 2146, 2101 and 2249. Although twice
as many votes were cast in 1897 as i
In 1877, the increase in the Democratic j
vote is but 249.
Between the death of Patrick Donovan
In this city, the death of Timothy Hurley
at election time in this city, the crime of j
Rosser in San Francisco and the argu
ment of General Barnes, a very interest-
Ing point arises. These four circum- j
stances taken together present a ques- I
tion which can apparently .be an
swered negatively and affirmatively at
the same time. Hurley and another fel- I
low got drunk and during the ensuing
. melee Hurley was hurt and later died.
Donovan was drinking in a saloon. Two
reputable witness* testified under oath ,
that he was thrown out and struck the f
sidewalk with his head, after which he
was lifted up and banged down again by
two men who came out of the saloon.
Inquests were held, and as the easiest
way of disposing of the question as to
whether any one was responsible or not, ;
a verdict was returned of accidental !
death, thus exonerating the saloon-keep
ers from all responsibility.
When General Barnes made his argu
ment on behalf of Rosser, the Tennessee !
murderer, he contended that the murderer |
was not responsible for what he might do :
when under the influence of bad liquor, j
but that the responsibility rested with
those who supplied him with the excita- I
ble stuff. The jury believed him and ac- j
quitted Rosser. On this side of the bay
the saloon-keeper who had supplied Don- I
ovan with drink was acquitted of re- :
sponsibility. Therefore no one is respon- |
sible for the deaths that occur or mur- ]
ders committed where vile liquor is the
original cause.
It would be interesting to know how
these arguments strike the relatives of
Hilderbrand, ot Donovan and of Hurley.
Now that the election of a new Board
of Education is not far away, the time
would seem to be opportune for»a discus
sion of the sensational circular read to
the board some months ago, by Its au
thor, Councilman Cuvellier. In his criti
cism of the method of conducting the
schools Mr. Cuvellier made some startling
statements. Among them were these:
The principal! and teachers tell me that j
they know the work in the grammar grades Is |
nut what it should be, but they gay that the
' work Is laid out for them and they have to j
carry it out. They say frankly that the great ,
trouble is that in the grammar grades there ;
are too many studies forced upon the chil- '
dren, the curriculum is overcrowded, but there ;
Is so much work laid out for each grade, for '
each term, and the class must be dragged |
over It somehow — anyhow. For those pupils I
who are very bright and can keef> up, so much 1
the better: for those children who are Just
plain, everyday children of average intelligence
and who cannot Keep up the rapid pace set for
the class, well, jy much the worse for them;
they have to drop behind and perhaps fall out |
of the ranks. It is a case of the survival of |
the fittest, and your honorable board Is apply
ing this inexorable law of nature with absolute j
heartless cruelty to the children of the Oak
land public schools, where least of all it should
be applied.
.;•• • r
Excepting among: the faculty of the High
School I find that in all quarters, among par
ents, children anil teachers alike there is a i
■widespread and general feeling of dissatisfac- !
tion with the manner in which our Oakland i
public schools are conducted, and among the
, parent* this feeling of dissatisfaction has al
most reached the point of indignation.
There is a great deal of truth in Mr. ,
Cuvelller's argument, as nearly every !
parent knows, and candidates for School
Directorships should be prepared to say i
how they stand on such an Important
question.
Mr. Cuvellier's remarks regarding Su
perintendent McClymonds are not new,
although, perhaps, they had never been
printed till he issued his circular. He
says:
"When I ask the principals and teachers In j
our public schools — knowing, as they do, i
that the course of study In the grammar grades i
is too much for the average pupil — why they |
do not go frankly to the city superintendent of
schools and to the Board of .Education and
! give you the benefit of their experience, they
answer me that they do not dare to argue
with Mr. McClymonds, and that they know bet
ter than to go to the Board of School Directors
■with any criticisms of the course of study as
laid out by you. Gentlemen, this condition of
Intimidation Ik worthy of Russia, but it is not I
creditable to the city of Oakland In these free
United States, yet where that sentiment Is so
general, I fear there must be some grounds
for it.
Among the members of your honorable board
"I find a disposition on your part to lay the
blame on the shoulders of Mr. McClymonds
and to shift your share of responsibility onto j
him. Several of you have admitted to me
that you know that the public schools of Oak- i
land are in some respects lacking In efficiency, j
l hat many children are being driven out of I
school from discouragement and because they
cannot keep up under the strain, but you ex
cuse yourselves from making a fight to remedy
this by saying that Mr. McClymonds Is a. I
••bulldozer"; that he will not listen to reason |
nor argument; that you are in the minority i
and that he has the entire board hypnotized- :
that you do not dare oppose him In any of his
Ideas and that you Just have to sit quietly I
and let him have his own way in everything
although you are at times convinced that his
■way Is not always the best way. This lack
of moral courage on your part, gentlemen, does
not do you credit. I do not believe that Mr.
McClymonds Is quite as bad as you would
make him out.
Without saying that Mr. Cuvellier is
right or that Mr. McClymonds is the
Board of Education, it can be said with
truth that there is some apparent foun
dation for the criticism. It is certainly
Incumbent on the School Board that will
be elected In March to establish the
truth or error of Mr. Cuvcliier's scathing
criticism. Mr. McCiymonds may not- be
a bulldozer or a hypnotist, but that he is
not a stranger to the role of dictator is a
fact.
The Oakland Gas Company is either
very different from the anarchistic idea
of a corporation or else Its general man
ager, John A. Britton, is in need of a
guardian. The Board of Health desires
the City Council to provide for the ap
pointment of a chemist and bacteriologist.
John A. Britton appeared before the com
mittee to urge upon the Council the im
portance of the passage of an ordinance
■.providing for such officers. He said that
lie had been impressed with the import
ance of an ordinance providing for such
officers. He said that he had been im
pressed with the importance of this bacter
iological work by the exhibit made at the
recent State Exposition held in Oakland.
The Council is charged with the care of
the health of the city. Mr. Britton said
that the amount asked, $450 for six
months, was slight. He was also im
' pressed with tfie importance of this meas
i ure that, with the company which he rep
resented, the Oakland Gas Light and
Heat Company, he would consent that
should the condition of city funds not
permit the necessary expenditure, that
this amount might be transferred from
the street lighting fund and they would
receive so. much: less on this year's con
tract.
No petition for a guardian has yot been
filed. STUART W. BOOTH.
DEATH OF CAPT. BATCHELDER.
Passing Away of a WelL-Knpwn Man
Of Oakland.
OAKLAND, Jan. I.— D. F. Batchelder,
who for twelve years was a popular spe
cial policeman on the Broadway beat, be
tween Ninth and Fourteenth streets, died
very suddenly at his home, 811 Isabella
street, this morning, of valvular disease
of the heart. He was a native of Bos
ton, aged 76 years. His wife died three
years ago.
The death of "Captain" Batchelder, as
he was familiarly known, recalls a suit
of no small proportions dismissed in the
United States District Court some time
ago. It involved the title to 160 acres of
land known as Bakers Beach, near Point
Lobos, San Francisco.
Captain Batchelder married Mrs. Maria
■Baker, widow of the late John Henry
Baker, in the early '70s, and shortly
tiftrward the property referred to, and
left by J. H. Baker to his widow, was
mortgaged by the newly-acquired hus
band. Captain Batchelder, for $36,000. The
mortgage was held by the late John
Breckmystel of San Francisco, who, it
was afterward claimed, had foreclosed on
it very suddenly one day and subsequent
ly brought the property in for $60,000.
This occurred in 1K79. and in about June
of that year Batchelder commenced suit
l'>r its recovery and the case has ever
since hung fire in various courts, until re
cently, when it was thrown out- of the
I'nited States District Court on the |
ground of lack of jurisdiction.
Deceased leaves only a stepson, J. H. I
Baker, who is also an officer, and who ]
stated to-night that his stepfather's death j
would by no means terminate the effort
to regain possession of Bakers Beach.
The date of the funeral has not been
determined, but the body, will probably be
Interred in the family plot in Odd Fellows' j
Cemetery. San Francisco. "
New Year in Oakland Churches.
OAKLAND, Jan. 1. — Services appropri
ate to the advont of the new year were
held at many of the local churches to
day. At St. Paul's Episcopal Church the
excellent music rendered at the Christ
mas services was repeated, and the pro
gramme is pronounced by critics to be as
tine as was ever heard in an Episcopal
church on this coast.
Rev. Charles A. Brown, pastor of the
first Congregational Church, delivered an
interesting sermon entitled, 'A Message
for the New Year."
"Taking Account of Stock" -was the sub
ject of Rev. Dr. Dille's sermon to-night
at the First M. E. Church. During the
services Professor and Mrs. Dobbins sang
several selections.
At the First- Presbyterian Church Rev.
Dr. Coyle preached New Year sermons at
both services to-day.
Rev. Philip Graif to-night preached his |
\:<*i Sunday sermon at the First Free
Baptist Church, before going to Maine in |
answer to a call from the Lewiston Col- j
lege church.
At St. Andrew's Episcopal Church to- j
night the children held their Christmas j
carol service and Rev. James Hulme, rec- I
tor. preached a brief sermon.
Rev. J. N. Goss of San Francisco '
preached the morning sermon at Rev. V. ,
Marshall Law's Church of the Advent, '
and the services to-night were entirely
musical in the way of the '"Festival of !
the Levites." Mrs. Blake-Alverson took
a prominent part again.
"The Beginning" was the subject of
Rev. J. R. Knowdell's sermon at the Pil
grim Congregational Church this morn
ing.
At the First Baptist Church to-night
there was special music by the choir and
Rev. C. H. Hobart, the pastor, delivered !
a sermon on "The Conquest of Time. '
This morning he spoke on "The Outlook
for the Last Year of the Century."
Rev. J. T. Sunderland delivered "A Ser
mon 'for the New Year," at the First
Unitarian Church.
Rev. 11. W. Fraser -of Minneapolis, who
returns home to-morrow, conducted the
services to-day at the Brooklyn Presby
terian Church.
"The Bible, the Best Guide for the New
Year." was the subject of Rev. C. M.
Hill's sermon at the Tenth-avenue Bap
tist Church to-nipht.
City Hall Afire.
OAKLAND, Jan. I.— The City Hall nar
rowly escaped destruction by fire again j
this "morning, as the "old shack" usually
does on the slightest provocation. Sparks ;
from a defective flue ignited the wood- ;
work just beneath the roof at the south
east corner of the building, and several
feet of shingles were burned away before I
an alarm summoned the Fire Department, j
The blaze occurred shortly before 8i
o'clock, when the streets were almost de
serted and was discovered by two lads
who notified Day Jailer Charles Ham
merton in the City Prison. He turned in
the alarm.
Alameda's Greeting to the New Year.
ALAMEDA, Jan. I.— Alameda has never
greeted a new year with a? much zest,
heartiness and noise as it did 1899. There
has been a particularly hopeful feeling in
business circles and merchants have free
ly expressed confidence that the new year
is going to bring them better times and
better trade. All the city seemed to be
possessed of the same fueling last night.
Old men and young, business men and re
tired citizens were imbued with the same ■
spiTit and turned out early in the even- i
ing with fishhorns. drums and every con
ceivable instrument capable of producing
noise Squads paraded the street from
sunset last night until dawn this morning
and made more noise than Alameda ever
heard before.
At midnight and for an hour after the
advent of the new year one could hardly
"bear himself think" above the din. The
ftrebella rung, bombs were exploded, whis
tles blew and above all was the tooting of
horns and the beating of drums. Ihe
crowds of celebraters were good-natured
and well behaved and not a single arrest
was recorded by the police.
Improved Fire-Fighting Facilities.
ALAMEDA. Jan : L— The efficiency of
the local Fire Department was improved
yesterday by placing in commission a new
hose wagon at the Sherman-street fire
house. Bruno Steinmetz. driver of Chemi
cal Engine No. 1, was placed in ch arge of
the new apparatus. Jonn Finley extra
driver was promoted to Steinmetz's for
mer office. Chief Krauth Is planning for
Other important Improvements in the de
partment. '
Alameda News Notes.
\LAMKDA, Jan. I.— Gilbert Todd Barn
well died to-night at his home, 641 Hai-ght
avenue. He was a native of Wales, aged
67 years. Deceased leaves a widow. He
had resided in this city for many years.
A New Year's eve party was given last
evening at Eureka Hall by Mrs. C. A.
kadig, Mrs. J. M. Raum and others. A
musical programme was rendered in,
which Mrs. Raum. Mrs. Charles Merrill,
E T M Eckort and Theodore Vogt par
ticipated. A banquet followed the musi
cal numbers.'
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, Jan. Professor E. W.
Hilgard of the agricultural department of
the University of -California will leave to
morrow, for Redlands, where he will con
duct a farmers' institute. The occasion
will be the annual meeting of all the agri
cultural clubs In that section of the coun
try, and Professor Hilgard is to deliver an
1 address upon "The Conservatism of Soil '
Moisture for the Purposes of Irrigation.'.'
All of the volunteer fire companies of
the city held smokers last. night in cele
-1 bration of New Year's eve. Successful
entertainments were given at each of the
fire houses.
■♦ ■ -
! Well, Somebody Has to Take a Risk. !
Here's candor for you! An editor
writes: "Our new magazine Invites you
to contribute to its pages, and If we suc
ceed we win oav you!"— Atlanta Consti
tution, ' * .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 2, 1899.
HEW PATRONS
AT THE COUNTY
PIE-COUNTER
Assume Their Duties
To-Day.
ONE SOLITARY FUSIONIST
REPUBLICANS TO FILL EVERY
OTHER OFFICE.
Cash, Records and Murderers Will
Pass Into the Hands of Men
Well Fitted for Their
Trusts.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. L
A small host of officials and deputies are
earning their last day's salary in the em
ploy of the county to-day. To-morrow at
noon the luckier ones will enter upon four
years of easy work and large pay. And
many who worked hard under promises
of deputyships are now bemoaning that
they placed any faith in a political prom
ise.
Tax Collector Barber, Assessor Dalton,
County Clerk Jordan and Surveyor Nus
baumer will each shake hands with him
self, -wish himself a happy new year, in
duct himself into office and go ahead for
another four years as though nothing
had happened last November.
Sheriff White will turn over his prison
ers and his keys to Sheriff Oscar Rogers
and will go out of office a richer Populist
than when he went in. Calvin B. White
has conducted a clean Sheriff's office.
Auditor Whidden will give place to Cal
Ewing, who has been for four years
chief deputy in the Clerk's office, and who
is a very popular young Republican. If
Cal handles the Auditor's office as he
handles a baseball team it will be useless
FIREMEN' FIGHTING THE FIRST BIG BLAZE OF '99.
for any one to run against him in 1902.
John'j. Allen, one of the most agreeable
Republicans in the county, will succeed
District Attorney Snook. The new Dis
trict Attorney starts out with nearly half
a dozen murderers on his hands, whose
cases are attracting more than local at-
Coroner Baldwin will turn over his rec
ords to Dr. Mohrmann, who will look
after the county's unfortunates during
the next four years. The practical part
of this administration will still be con
tinued at Albprt Brown's morgue.
S O. Crawford is the only Democrat
who will enter upon a good thing to
morrow. He will succeed J. P. Garlick
ns Superintendent of Schools. If Mr.
Crawford be as much of a success as an
official as he has been as principal of a
public school his errors of political faith
will be forgiven. , , , ..
Recorder Spear will give way to the
carmen's friend, A. K. Grim, and the lat
ter will have for his chief deputy R. S.
Leskie who was once Assessor. Recorder
Grim proved his popularity by his big
majority, and although nominated outside
his party he is of the Republican fold.
•Arthur Feidler of Livermore will receive
all the county's cash on hand from Treas
urer Sanford and will cash the warrants
of the faithful for four years. He will
handle about two millions a year, which
is probably more than Arthur Feidler fin
gered in a livery stable business in Mur
ray Township.
Public Administrator Knight will yield
the care of the estates of widows and
orphans and absent heirs to B. C. Hawes
of San Leandro. who is perhaps as well
fitted to be honored with the sacred trust
as any one In the county.
The" Supervisors will meet Tuesday and
reorganize. Messrs. Church and Talcott
will succeed themselves, and an hour later
perhaps the anxiety regarding the hos
pital and jail physicians will be termin
ated.
With the single exception of County
School Superintendent Crawford, every
department of the county government for
the next four years will be strictly Re
publican. Three of the retiring officials
were Populists.
POLITICAL ROW OPENS
WITH THE NEW YEAR
ALAMEDA OFFICE-SEEKERS GET
TING DOWN TO BUSINESS.
Calculating en What Figure the Mu
nicipal League May Cut at
the City Election.
AI.AMEDA, Jan. I.— With the opening
of the new year political forces -will be
marshaled and political lines drawn for
the municipal campaign which will ter
.minate at the election In April. The fight
will be as long as Alameda has ever ex
perienced, and promises to be as bitter
as any that has preceded It. The Mu
nicipal League has taken the Initiative
and has called a convention of Its mem
bers to be held this month to nominate
a complete city ticket.
The league 1b a problem that the poli
ticians have not been able to solve. It is
the outgrowth of the old Good Govern
ment Club that had a skyrocket career.
While the office-seekers freely express
the opinion that It will not cut much fig- i
ure at the election, many of them are
pulling strings to secure the league's in
dorsement. The leading spirits in it are
men -who in the days that have passed
controlled the political situation in Ala
meda, but who have lost their grip by
the advent of a younger and livelier ele
ment in municinal affairs.
There has been some talk of drawing
party lines in the coming campaign, but
the voters are decidedly against such a
plan. Alameda has always leaned toward
the non-partisan idea. The political field
has been free for all, and the voters have
seldom made a rriistake in picking the
best man.
The most active fights will be mad© for
the offices of City Assessor, Treasurer
and Marshal. Arthur G. Burns is out for
the Assessorship against E. Minor Smith,
the incumbent. Burns has th« support
of the younger element and his friends
are making a lively canvass for him. Mr.
Smith has held the office for several
terms and says he will put up the fight
of his life to succeed himself.
Roswell G. Wheeler (incumbent). Elmer
Johnston, Oswald Lubbock and Linwood
Palmer want to fill the office of City
Treasurer. Mr. Wheeler seems to have
the inside track just now, with the field
somewhat demoralized from lack of or
ganization.
There will be no scarcity of candidates
for City Marshal. If John Conrad, who
was appointed to the position to fill th©
unexpired term of Oscar Rogers, decides
to be a candidate it is generally conceded
that he will have little opposition. But
Mr. Conrad has not made up his mind
that he wants the office, and in the mean
time a host of men who yearn to shine
as the head of the local police department
are pulling their friends in line and pre
paring for the fray. On the list are
Louis Schroeder, who was assistant jailer
under Sheriff McKillican: William Gunn,
an officer on the local police force; ex-
Constable Charles Day, Harry Trausue,
George Mcßea and Ralph Hamlin.
City Recorder St. Sure and City Clerk
Lamborn will be In the field to succeed
themselves. As yet they have no oppo
sition, and it is not believed there will be
any other aspirants for their positions.
CAN CONSUMPTION BE
CURED BY ELECTRICITY?
« , 0
£ «
$ n™*HE new discovery in electricitty and electro therapeutics which has 0
w I been made by a medical man" in the East and which was published ex- 0
£ I clusively by The Call in Saturday's paper, has made a decided eommo- 0
O tinn among the medical profession in this city. The doctor who made 0
0 the discovery claims that he can cure any person afflicted with consump- 0
0 tion by placing the patient in a glass case and then turning on a current 0
0 of one million volts of electricity. Ater several applications the doctor 0
0 claims he can utterly destroy the bacilli of tuberculosis and heal the lungs 0
Jo> of the diseased patient. The inventor has refused to divulge his name 0
0 and -has placed the plans of his discovery in the hands of a prominent 0
0 lawyer, who is at present in Washington endeavoring to secure patent 0
0 rights on the new method of treatment of consumptives. b
0 Yesterday a Call reporter interviewed a number of physicians* in this 0
0 city on the subject of the new treatment, with the following results: 0
0 Dr. Wlnslow Anderson— has for a long time been of great 0
0 value to the medical profession. It is used every day in three various 0
0 forms. Firstly, we use one kind of electricity to relieve pain, we use an- 0
0 other kind In the treatment of paralyzed muscles or limbs and also to 0
0 increase the blood supply, and thirdly electricity for cauterizing sores, ul- 0
0 cers and Inflamed throats. , These are the three main uses of electricity 0
0 In the medical profession. I am a little skeptical about treating a man af- 0
0 flicted with the bacilli of tuberculosis externally with electric current. 0
0 Half of the electric medical discoveries have proved valueless, but never- 0
0 theless electricity has its therapeutic value. ' ti
0 Dr. Mark H. . Woolsey— Ther idea of curing consumption by any single 0
0 therapeutic agent Is absurd. It has been proven so. In the treatment 0
0 for consumption the bacilli of tuberculosis is not the only condition to *">
0 face. Many a person dies of ■ consumption and the bacilli of tuberculosis 0
0 has not been discovered. When tuberculosis Is discovered in a patient, 0
0 In a great majority of cases, the disease is quite well advanced, and the ; 0
0 different organs and tissues of the body have undergone such changes of 0
0 degeneration and destruction as to place them beyond the reach of not 0
0 only one but all the therapeutic agents. «
0 :; Dr. "W. H. Mays— l cannot see how the electric power wouia kill germs 0
0 and yet not kill the patient. I doubt very much if the tuberculosis would 0
0 be at all Injured. Yet, again, for a doctor to attempt to get a patent is 0
0 very, unprofessional. No doctor in good standing has ever patented his 0
0 discoveries. It Is an unwritten law to do all you can to benefit mankind. 0
0 Dr. Henry J. Gibbons Jr.— AH I have to say about this new cure is I 0
0 want to see it demonstrated before I express any decided opinion. There 0
0 is no new remedy so fanciful that it is not able to gather a following-. 0
0 There is one way of curing consumption, and that is by invigorating the 0
0 system of the patient so that the vital forces can resist the disease ,or 0
0 germs. "There is also no doubt that electricity is a great nerve tonic. Pos- 0
0 slbly the new cure may be successful in this way, but I would not i.Ke 0
oto express any further opinion until I see the treatment demonstrated. 0
0 ; Dr. W. F. Cheney— l would be very much disinclined to believe in the 0
0 new cure, for this reason: "While we know definitely the effect produced 0
0 on germs by electricity and other powerful agents when the germs are 0
0 outside of the body, we know absolutely nothing, of how these agents act 0
0 upon germs protected .within the body. The vita\ question is whether 0
0 the living cells that make up the tissues would not be more Injured by the 0
0 plan proposed than the tuberculosis.' . 0
0 Dr. C. G. Kenyon— So much mystery is back of electricity that It is 0
0 hard to come to a conclusion. Electricity of the electro-static current is 0
0 the strongest, and glass is the best non-conductor. Now how much 'of 0
0 this current the patient would receive Is a question. I am a strong be- 0
0 liever in electricity in medical/ assistance, but I am somewhat doubtful 0
0 of this new cure. ■ 0
o«»a«««^»wa»»0o»oo»»»0»00000«a»00»
_ — ..»_ — . .^ — * . .•
OIL SOAKED
IT BURNED
LIKE TINDER
Krogh Manufacturing
Plant Destroyed.
A STEVENSON-STREET BLAZE
THREATENED TO BECOME A
GENERAL CONFLAGRATION.
Building and Contents a Total Loss.
Adjoining Establishments Bad
ly Damaged by Fire
and Water.
Fire broke out last evening In the three
story brick building on Stevenson street.
. near First, owned by the Pacific Light
I and Power Company and occupied by the
I Krogh Manufacturing Company. In less
than an hour the building and its con
tents were totally destroyed. The San
Francisco Tool Company, California Ar
tistic Metal Works and the American Car
bonic Acid Company also had their
plants in the building. All their valuable
machinery and stock went up in smoke.
The fire was discovered by Maurice
Duane, one of Morse's patrolmen, who
was standing at the corner of Stevenson
' and First. He ran to First and Mission
streets and turned in an alarm from box
! .".4. Chief Sullivan and his department
were quick to respond and soon many
; powerful streams were being played into
the burning structure from all sides
1 The huge beams, rafters and floors of
the building were literally soaked with
grease, oil and other combustibles used in
manufacturing and the interior of the
structure curled and crackled ns each
fork of flre licked its way to the roof
A fresh south wind was blowing and It
looked for a while as if the flames would
spread to adjoining buildings A second
alarm was turned In and with reinforce
ments Chief Sullivan prevented a general
conflagration.
The Fire Department's new water tower
was wheeled into Stevenson street and
from a position directly .in front of the
blazing building it threw tons and ton=
of water into the seething mass of flames.
On the top of the building there was a
large windlass sef on beams projecting
four or five feet from the roof. This took
fire and threatened every minute to top
ple over on the heads of the firemen in
the narrow alley below. In addition to
this the Fire Department was pertly
harassed by the numberless electric light
and power'wires struncr overhead.
In the rear portion of the building the
California Paint Works had gallons and
gallons of turpentine stored, and if tho
wind had been blowing from the north,
there would have been quite an explosion,
attended probably by loss of life.
The fire burned for several hours.
•'lt is rather difficult to say just how
the blaze started." said Fire Marshal
Towe. "There had been nobody in the
building for twenty-four hours and the
only explanation I can offer is tnat n
was caused by spontaneous combustion.
Captain Comstock estimated th* loss at
$15,(K)0, although it may reach at least
$20,000. The printing plant of Brown &
Bley, on the third floor of the adjoining
building, was badly damaged by smoke
and water. A substantial firewall saved
it from being damaged or perhaps de
stroyed. _______
RACING AT OAKLAND.
The Baldwin Hotel Handicap the Spe
cial Feature of the Card.
A great card of events is offered race-goers
at Oakland this afternoon. In the Baldwin
Hotel handicap, the special attraction. Briar-
Sweet, the newly Installed "queen of the turf."
Is carded to go. The two-year-old event will
call out a grandly bred bunch of baby racers
and the tipsters will be In their glory. The
entries are as follows:
First Race— Five furlongs; maidens: three
year-olds.
... The Minister.... ll2 404 St. Krlstine ....107
... Lavator 112 397 Racivan 109
416 Florence Fink. .lo7 397 Earl Islington. .ll2
367 Master Lee 10<t ... Bid Me 10<
428 Inola 107 Gold Garter ....109
422 Flero 112 313 Engea 107
... The Miller 10! i 397 -Watossa 10 1
... Goal Runner ...109 ... Maud Gnagi ...107
Second Race— Six furlongs; selling; four-year
olds and up:
... Free Lady 102 i (32S)Etta H 113
(432)MidIight 109] 434 Sly 103
439 Ygnacio 100 421 Don Gara 112
426 Lady Ashley ...1021 290 Dick Warren.... lo9
426 Rlcardo 1031 (43S)Highland 8a11. .109
(434)Dunois 108 I (443)Zamar II 105
Third- Race— Three furlongs; two-year-olds.
...Innovator 105 ... Fannie Mills ...105
Rlley-Innovatlon. Mantell-Filly by Three
... The 8uff00n.... 105 Cheers.
Fordham-Georgle ...Infinity 105
Klnny. Fonso-Endless.
... March Seven ...105 ... Loch Katrine. .^los
Take Notice-Deception. Huron-Ventura.
... Stratonic 10S ... Dinah 105
Imp. True Briton- Patriot-Imp. Remem-
Waterfall. brance.
... Yellow Tall ....1081 ... Ice Drop : 105
Imp. Watercress- Palo- 1- Faverdale^Mag.
ma. . I
Fourth Race — One mile; three-year-olds and.
upward; Baldwin Hotel handicap:
436 Mnr'nni 107 I 446 Rainier '85
(419)Bendoran 119 (435)Rosinante 107
447 Cromwell 112 ...Briar Sweet ...12G
(424>n|inthus .' 95 I 419 Paul Griggs 112
398 Greyhurst 92 434 Hohenzollern ...100
(876>Napamax 112 436 ~ -reatlon 100
810 Storm King 102 (447)Bernardillo 100
Fifth Race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds:
885 Horton 112 450 Limewater 112
446 Diara 112 424 Sam McKeever.,ll2
450 Miss Marion 107 437 Jingle Jingle... .loo
Sixth Race— One and a sixteenth miles; three
year-olds and up; selling:
442 San Venado 109 j 435 Topmast 113
444 Tom Cromwell.. l<* l 447 Robert Bonner..los
(44J\TTnhenlohe 107| 304 Mamie G 103
447 Hardly 1021 430 Myth 105
(447) Bernardlllo 1051 447 Our Climate ....105
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Lavator. Florence Fink, Engea.
Second Race— Dunois, Midllght, Zamar 11.
Third Race— Xo selections.
Fourth Race— Briar Sweet. Paul Grlggs, Re
creation.
Fifth Race— Horton, Sam McKeever. Miss
. Marion.
Sixth Race— Bernardtllo, Hardly. Mamie O.
Schuetzen Park Shooting.
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. I.— The first shoot
In the annual medal contest of the Cali
fornia Schuetzen Club for the year 1899
was held to-day at Schuetzen Park, near
this city. Owing to the rain not many
riflemen were present, and, In addition the
light on the targets was bad, but some
good scoring was accomplished in spite
of the unfavorable condition of the
weather. A. Strecker won out first best,
the score in detail being as follows:
First champion class— A. Strecker, 224; no
Second champion class— F. E. Mason. 222;
D. B Faktor. 212.
Second <-!ans— J. Jones, 19?: A. Jungblut, 181.
Third class— J. Wollmer, 195; F. C. Muller,
193.
Cadets' class— E. Woenne, 196: no second.
There was no competition in the first
class.
Banqueted Their Employes.
The firm of L. Lebenbaum & Co. gave
a delightful banquet to those in their em
ploy at the Pabst Cafe last evening to
manifest their appreciation of worthy
services rendered during the past year.
Everybody, from the smallest cashboy to
the clerk whose hair has grown gray in
the employ of the firm, was made happy.
C. H. Dannal acted as toastmaster and
called upon the following persons: J.
Meyerfeld, John Rothchild, George Doyle,
Charles Waldman, William Clark, Oscar
McMahon, John Lincoln, R. Levy and
Eugene Cohn. All responded with words
of good fellowship and of commendation
alike for employes and firm.
After the tables had been cleared a
programme composed of songs by William
Grace and Harry Healy, dances by Wil
liam Swift, George P Doyle. William
Grace, Charles Casey, S. Pollock and H.
Korneck, cake'walks by Harry Healy and
Charles Casey and Shakespearian recita
tions by Morris Levy and George Burns,
was rendered. The firm was represented
by John Rothchild and Jessie Meyerfeld.
No Shooting at Shell Mound.
The Shell Mound ranges were deserted
yesterday afternoon, although the Deut
scher Kreiger Vereln, Naval Battalion
and Independent Rifles were scheduled to
shoot. The rain did not keep these en
thusiastic marksmen away from the
butts, but It being the first day of the
new year they preferred to spend It with
their families at home.
Next Sunday the first shoot of the year
will be held with a flourish of rifles. In
addition to the clubs nanied the follow
ing will participate: Schuetzen Verein,
Germania Schuetzens, Nord Dmitschers
and Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club.
On Friday, January 20, the Germania
Schuetzen Club will give a grand ball nt
California Hall and the medals and ca^h
prizes won during the last year will be
awarded to the winners.
Our Country's New Year.
There will be a public service a' the
Youth? Men's Christian Association Au
ditorium, Mason and Ellis streets, open
to both men and women, to-day at 12
o'clock. A special programme h:is been
arranged. The address for the occasion
will be delivered by Rev. Charles Edward
Locke, D.D., on "Our Country's New
Year."
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
A Seested & w, Kans Miss Eytinge, N T
\V T Davis, Chicago Miss P Morin, X V
C Phillips & w, S Jose T Brady. Chicago
II Garneau. St Louis G Edwards. N'apa.
EM Clinton. Stanford S Filler. Stanford
E Conn. Los Angeles iG L Peward. Stanford
V M Vickery, NY (J Crlfsey. Stanford
M J Seidenberg. N V F Fogg. Stanford
E Grossbaum. London 'C W Rollins. S Louis
) Duffy &w. Denver p Shelby. Cleveland
C Dunphy. Stanford J P Channlng, X Y.
E C Fisher. NY D T Day. AVaeh. D C
.7 Goldberg. N Y. M Rosenthal, X V
Mr Grun & w, Shngha.H 'R'olfsohn, N V
C C Gallagher, X J I / .
NEW "WESTERN" HOTEL.
M Bacon, Fresno |J Hemming, San Jnsa
O Bacon, Fresno If Marlon, Salt Lake
J Anderson. Montana 0 Ring, Fresno ■•■.
W Akers, Clear Lake UB Hannifin. Uklah
J Smith & w. L Ang J J Josephs, ■ Sissons
B St Clalr, San Jose |F L Blair, Sacto
H G Goodwin. Petal m I P A Jordan. Boston
A E Gibson, Chicago/IB S Flint. Oregon
S del Monte. Rlversiie J M Sch. San J^se
F H Gartman. Dem' lx * Parker. Stockton
, 8 £ Brigffs, Nevada' j
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery, street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
257 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1341 Mission street: open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; opea
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock^
MEETING NOTICES .
GOLDEN GATE Commander? No. 16, K. *
T., Golden- Gate Building. 625 Putter "gap
St.— Stated assembly THIS EVENING Fj
at S o'clock. • All fraters are courte- fee
ously Invited. ' *^
CHAS. L PATTON. Em. Com.
WILLIAM T. FONDA, Recorder.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. •
M.— State* meeting THIS (MONDAY)
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. By order TKIT
of the W. M. . 'V>
W. G. ANDERSON, Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal •
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. _J\_
Business only. By instructions of- the jKJf
H. p. ; />rN
HERMANN Lodge No. 127, F. and A. ■
M.— Stated meeting THIS DAY 'MON- jSI,
DAY), Jan. 2, 1899. at 7:3U o'clock p. m. jCif
By order of the W. M. /V)
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
ABOU Ben Adhem Lodge No. 112, <^S4to>
I. O. O. F.— Members are hereby SxfeJEK^.
notified to attend the funeral of JSsE^^r
our late brother, THOMAS REN- ''w/liNS^'
DELL, TUESDAY, at 12 m., from I. O. O. F.
Hall. G. SWANSON. N. G.
DIVISION No. 2, A. O. H.— The regu- fe^wn
/lar monthly meeting of this division \K\-Jf
' will be held at Hibernia Hal' 120 %\v«
Ninth St., on TUESDAY, Jan 3.' 1599, C&S&i
at 7:30 p. m. ' " ' • «3~^B_>
t t m A^r~,r BARTLY LEE. * ""'dent.
T. L. CLANCY, Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stocKholders of
THE NEVADA NATIONAL HANK OF BAM
FRANCISCO, Cal., will be held at Its bar.X-
Ing house. No. 301 Montgomery st., San Fran-
cisco, Cal., on TUESDAY. January 10. 1839.
at 3:15 o'clock p. m., for the election of di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year, and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
D. B. DAVIDSON. Secretary.
Ban Francisco, December 9, IS3B.
ANNUAL MEETING— Notice is hereby given
that the tenth annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the San Francisco and Oakland
Mutual Loan Association will 'be held at the
office of the corporation, 518 Montgomery st.,
corner of Commercial, San Francisco, on
WEDNESDAY,- January 4tli, 1899, at 7:30
o'clock, p. m., for th» purpose
of electing directors for the ensuing year,
presentation of the ' tenth annual report and
the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting. ,
Books are now open for subscription to
•1000 shares of stock -' the eleventh series;
loans made in San Francis/o and Alameda
Counties only; interest 6 pe^ cent per an-
num, free of mortgage tav.es. premium 20
per cent gross, or 50 cents per share in-
stallments, at pleasure of ivjfrower, which
amounts to $12 50 per montl- ft each $1000
net cash received by the boi ower; this- sum
paying both principal and Interest; loans
may be repaid at any time desired. By or-
. der of the Board of Directors.
THOMAS J. WELSH, President.
A. SBARBOKO, Secretary.
SPRING- Valley Water Works, San Francisco,
December 28, 1898.— The annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Spring Valley Water
Works will be held at the office of the
company/ 126 Stockton st., San Francisco,
California, at 12 o'clock noon on WEDNES-
DAY, the 11th day of January, 1899. to elect
trustees to serve for the ensuing year and
for the transaction of such • other business
as may come before the meeting.
PELHAM W. AMES. Secretary.
THE regular annual meeting of. the stockhold-
ers of the Sumdum Chief Mining Company
will be held at the office of the company,
room 3, Hobart building, 532 Market St., San
Francisco, Cal., on FRIDAY, the 6th day of
January, 1599, at the hour of 2 o'clock p. in.,
for the purpose of electing a board of di-
rectors to serve' during the ensuing year and
the transaction of such other business as may
come tefor> the meeting. ft V*
K. G. STEVENSON, Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived application to mine by the hydraulic
process from Rocco Moltnari in the Humbug
Gulch Mini-, near Volcano, Amador Co.. to
deposit tailings In Humbug Gulch; from J. B.
Meek; in. the Grizzly Hill Mine, near Vol-
cano. Amador Co.. to deposit tailings In Mis-,
cry Creek; from Lewis Emery. Jr.. In the
Emery Placer Mine, near Mountain Ranch.
Calaveras Co.. to deposit tailings in Murray
Creek, and from Archie Newell. in the Newell
1 Claim, near Oleta.- Amador Co.. to deposit
tailing* In Peadman Creek, gives notice that
'a meeting will -be -held «t room 59. Flood
building, Pan Francisco, Cal.. on January 9,
1599. at 1:30 p. m. " ___*
STOCKHOLDERS' Meeting— annual meet-
• ing of «he stockholders of the California Dry-
dock Company will be held at the office of
the company, No.. 302 California street, San
Francteco, California, on MONDAY, January
9, 1599. at. 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of
electing a Board of Directors to serve for the
■ ensuing year, and for the transaction of such
' other business as may properly come before
the meeting. W. F. RUSSELL. Secretary. ■
Office No. 302 • CaHfornln street, room 2
San Francisco. Cal.. Dec. 24. 1898.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan ' Asylum and
Home -Society ' hereby- gives notice that It
has admitted into the orphanage from July
1, IS9S, to December .31. IS9S. . the following
named orphans and half, orphans, boys and
girls, viz: Sarah Rothenstein, aged 7 year's;
Hyman Rothenstein, • aged 5 years: Henry
Barron. aged 8 years: Edwin Abrams. aged
6 years 2 months: Harry Benjamin, aged 6
. years 9 months: Sadie Kohni aped 10 years;
Irene Weil. aged- 5- years; Helen Well, aged
4 years; Abraham Danziger, aged 11 years,
and Leo Rosenthal, aged. 3 years 9 months.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
ROOMS papered' from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d st.
A WEEK'S news for a cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages-. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OFFICE of The Hibernia Savings and Loan
Society, corner Market, McAllister, and Jones
sts., .San Francisco, Dec. 28, IS??.— At a regu-
lar meeting of the board of directors of this
society, held this day, a .dividend has been
declared .at the rate of three and one-Half
(3V4) per cent per annum on all deposits for
six months ending December 31. 1898, free
from all taxes, and payable on and after
January 1. 1899. . — a -
ROBERT J. TOBIN, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Security Savings Bank 222
Montgomery St., Mills uuilding. For the half
year ending December 31, 1898, dividends on
term deposits at the rate of four (4) per cent
per annum, and on ordinary deposits at the
rate of- three and one-third (3 1-3 > per cent
per annum.- free of taxes, will be payable on.
and after January 3, 1899. '
- S. L. ABBOT JR., Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Mutual Savings Bank of
• San FrancMsco, 33 Post street. For the half
year ending December 31, IS9S, a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three and six-
tenths (3.6) per cent per •annum, on all de-
posits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Tuesday, January 3. 1899
GEORGE A. STORY. Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice-^Savlngs and IJoan Society ,
101 Montgomery st.. corner of Sutter The
board of directors declared a dividend for the
half year ending December 31. 1898. at the rate
of four- (4) per cent per annum on term de-
posits and three and one-third (3 1-3) per cent
per annum on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, and payable on and after Tuesday
J 5 nU^ 1 ?' 3> - 1 9 ?:' Dividends not called for are
lidded to and bear the same rate of dividend
as the principal from ana after January 1
1899. CYRUS W. CARMAN Y. . Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No SS (flftv
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company, will be payable at the office 327
Market st.. on and after Tuesday. January
Transfer books will close on Wednesday
December 28. !3:>S. at 3 o'clock p. m
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary..
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Continental BuUd-
ing .and Loan Association. No. 222 Sansome
street: J For the year engine December 31
IS9S. a dividend has been declared, at the rate
of 6 per cent per annum on ordinary deposits
7 per cent on term deposits. 10 per cent Der
annum to class "F" stock and 12 per cent
per annum to class "A" stock, all free nt
taxes. WILLIAM CORBIN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Th- German Savin c.
and Loan Society. r:fi California st —For th»
half year ending December 31 lias, a dlvi
(lend has been declared at the rate of four <4»
per cent per annum on term deposits and
three, and one-third (3 1-3) per cent per annum
on ordinary dep.sils. free of taxes, payabl^
on and after Tuesday, January 3 ism
GEORGE TOURNY.'SecWry.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society 18
Geary st.-The directors hare declared the fol-
lowing semi-annual dividends: 4 per cent
per annum on term and 3 1-3 per cent per
annum on ordinary deposits, payable on and
after January 3. 1899. ' on ana
' ERNEST BRAND. Sec. /
SAN FRANCISCO Savings UnionTlsTcallforT
nla st. corner Webb. Dividend notice-Fop
the half ,L ce 0 8r ending with the 31st o^dS-
cember. IS9S. a dividend has been declared
at the rate per annum of four ■ (1) per ten*
w _c* MBrtJBSb-Sr
C^ E , AP^ ST and test In America— The Weekly\TIO\S WANTED FEMALE.
j -M?IES desiring first-class help of all nation-
■THlra can secure same by calling on or ad-
ii.sMns MISS COLLEN. 32j Sutter it
FIRST-CLASS cook desires situation; hotel or
V.->ar>llng house; pastry and meat cooking;
l>«et references: city or country. MISS CUL-
iEN. 325 Gutter st.
;.\DY would like few regular customers for
i-nirdresstng, bleaching, dyelr.gr and sham-'
noolng; also beautifying face and hands.
.-'iid order by postal. Hairdresser, 1204 Mar-
'.•■t Ft. ■
" INCHKSTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar- I
;>•■(: 100 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $0
veek; convenient and respectable; free '.bus.
1 rul bacßase to and from ferry.
fvADY of competence and ability desires po- !
-.ttcr. in any clerical capacity or a* cashier;
unexceptional references; cash security or
'bond*. G. M. (J., 1259 Clay st. > «-. '
MANAGING housekeeper In a family of re-
finement by a widow from the East: refer-
<~.ce. Address till Jan. 3, Housekeeper, 1375
Eleventh aye.. East Oakland.
RESPECTABLE elderly lady wishes a sttua-
'tlon to do llsht housekeeping: also good 1
n'urser; references given. Call at 213 Second
■jr.ve., near California.
yi-RST-CI.ASS dr^ssmnker wishes a position
ss seamstress In a private family; good home
referable to hlfth wages. Address 1073 ft Mar-
' : .ket s=t., room <■
. ;':'xEAT resrectatle girl would like place to di
housework: no rhlldren. ■ all or address 149
Dore st.. bet. Bryant and I'.rar.nan, Ninth
and Tenth. * ■
' • WANTED— Ry ynun* lady of education and
r»fln«ru<>!U p'^ttlon as companion or as gov-
• ' " enioss to Binall children. M It.. .mi Eddy st.
°%"-yOUNG* woman fully competent desires posi-
tion as working: housekeeper in small family.
M. R . £»1 Ed.ly st. __^^
"• HOUSEKEEPER— Position wanted in widow"
.• " er'« family of children. Address A., branch
(.Mice Call. 613 Liirklii St.
' '.'POSITION a' infants' nurse or companion to
. '.• eiaerly person or Invalid. D. D.. 929 Pine St.
• E27 MONTGOMERY, cor. Cl Open until 9:30
■ ' o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
'. tirrji fltii want ftils taken.
~MTI ATIOX S~\VAXTE I) —
'JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agenc^yTaTTklnds
1 eln. tiKO. AUKI. 30 Geary; tel. Grant 56.
CHINKSIC and Japanese Employment- Offlce:
'lest help. 414 1 -! O'Farrell St.; tel East 436.
STEADY position as night or <my watchman
. or any other light work, by middle-aged
ir.an; thoroughly honest, willing and trust-
. worthy; wages not so much an object as
• : Mea.ly Job. JOS. T., box E75, Call Office.
STlt'-'NO young German desires situation of
..: . any kind. BARTL., 252 Seventh St.; rear
'.'-... -house. ■
V JAPANESE schoolboy wants a situation to do
. -. . housework or as waiter; wages reasonable.
-.' .'.- ;• 'Addreaa 90S Howard st.
WANTED, by an experienced, groceryman. free
I. h/Jnd show card painter; served 12 years'
time with the best original Eastern retailer,
-...'-. -on account of health of children desires to
reside en Pacific Coast, seeks a position with
a reliable grocery establishment; salary ques-
.. tion can be settled after 30 days' trial. Box
i , R.M. Call. ■
.. : WANTED— A traveling man of 15 years' expe-
-. rience desirous- of handling a few established
'•"&.'■ lines In the brokerage business In Los An-
geles; can furnish best of references. Ad-
\ ".-■■ •■ -dress A.. 218 Franklin st., Los Angeles, Cal.
'■•'BUTCHER— Good cutter and talesman, with
■ '..' good references, wants position. Address
■. •".' '■ ■ box 538, Oakland offlc Call, Tenth and 8r0ad-
*....... way.
■:.:•" EIDE line ■wanted on commission by commer-
; V ; : cial traveler. Address box E99, Call. '
':■ WANTED— married man of 40 years, a po-
■.".'.■:. . pltion of trust, where honesty is wanted; can
.-" ■: -deposit $200 or $300 as security. Address box
:;•>..'; 668. Call offlce. ■
?'; '/POSITION wanted with a wholesale house for
I-.'.'- ■ 'work In city by a married man with commer-
.-'..":•- [-. • <■!«! experience. Address box 669, Call.
■"'"'■■'' CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
:./;■•. Call. IS pages, sent to any address in the
•: ; v '.'• • rUnited States or Canada one year for $1,
•:v'.v. - ; stage paid.
;;; : help WANTED — female.
.. : -: v « HOUSEWORK girls, $25 each; city and
;>■-: .country. Miss CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
--•'.•. WAITRESS for restaurant; $6 per week, MISS
:• . . CULLEX, 3£5 - utter st.
'."•, 2 SECOND girls; $20 each. MISS CULLEN. 325
; •■- Sutter St.-
-'-" A COOK and second girl; same nouse; $25 and
■;.-. $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
•...NCHSEGIRL: sleep home; $10 to $15. MISS
-, . • CLXLKN. 325" .-liter St. . '. * .""' ..*;
..'. GIRL for general housework for Modesto; $20.
':•; [.MIPS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. ...
-■.!'• .T\\ l O chambermaids: $20 each; call early. MISS
> ". ■■ CULLEN. 325 Sutter at.
'.:■• CJiAMBFRMAID, $20; sleep home. MISS CUL-
•■•'.■ ! EN. 325 Sutter St.
'. \2 COOKS, $35 and $30; 6 second girls, $25. $20
■•: '. ■ .and $15: 3 waitresses. $20 each; 2 chamber- :
. C'; ; . 'maids, J2O and $15: 12 housework girls, $25, I
■ ■"'■• -$20 end $15; several young .girls to assist in
""-•■ light housework, $15 and $10. MISS CUL-
: : . /. LEN, 320 Sutter st.
; - HANSEN & CO.. PHONE GRANT 185,
. : - l.t WANT TO-DAY
: ;" "'2 waitresses, first-class country hotel. $25:
waitress, country, $20; 2 waitresses, country
■".' hotel, $18, see party here; waitress,- Redwood,
..-■ ' $20; waitress, Bakersfleld, $20; arm and check
■ '/.. waitress, country, $20; 2 chambermaids to
. : wait, 120, and a great many girls for city
and country, $15 to $30. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
YOUNG' woman for light housekeeping for
one; wages $S. Call after 2 p. m.. at 710
Lombard St., corner Montgomery aye.
WANTED— At 202 Ninth St.. near Howard, a
Swedish girl accustomed to wait at table.
GIRL wanted; must be good plain cook; no
.•'..■•' wash: $12. 1005 A Golden Gate aye.
A YOUNG girl to do general housework; need
'.. •• not cook. IS3I Edrly st. ■ ■
:'• ■ WANTED— Young girl to assist plain cooking
In flat. 426 Scott" st. _^
'. : NEAT young girl to care for children. Apply
:';■ . -M 8 Hayes -.
HAND laundry: --are chance for man and wife.
• : ,' . Address box 577. Call Office. ■
FIRST-CLASS cook, who must 'Jo all the
stairs work and washing for a family
of 3; wages $25; must have good references.
Address box &01, Call.
GIRLS of all nationalities wanted at MISS
wells' Employment office. 1248H Park St.,
Al&rneda. ' ,
TED— First-class operators on gents'
white shirtß. ROGERSON'.S. 53S Valencia.
•YOUNG girl for light housework and care of
baby. 127 Ash aye., before 1 p. m.
• • YOUNG girl to assist; sleep home. 3530 Twenty-
' . third Bt.
V LADIES you can earn $3 to $6 per day at home.
. ■'"'.'- 1 'Call 10l 1 * Grant aye., room 3.
".,: WANTED — Typewriter; Smith-Premier pre-
.,-...;•'■. f erred. Address box 556, Call. . • .
•:;.: FINISHERS on children's and Infants' wear;
- .-. • : also caps; experience necessary. 547 Market.
■ LEARN sewing at KEISTER TAILORING
-:..; . COLLEGE; lessons $1 per week. 426 Geary.
--",'.' LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
"■' • ■-..- free; patterns, 25c up. McDowell's. 108 Post.
: "- NINTH. 167— Branch office of The Call; sub-
' V ■ scriptions and want ads taken.
!.!•.-- HELP \VIKI» — MALE. ~~ .
1899 GOOD MORNINu7?T!7r7r7TT?ISS»
-; .'• MURRAY & READY wish everybody a.
.."••' Happy New Year...
.':. .-.- May health, wealth and happiness be thine
, ..' 'during the year eighteen hundred and nlnty-
. "-, nine. . ■ i r; . , ; -;-,
. : .MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
;• • Leading employment and labor agents.
.'• Want Monday, 7 a. m
IS farm, orchard and vineyard hands
!2 laborers (different places), $2G and found:
25 tlemaker's, he, 9c and 12c each; 36 wood
choppers, $1 per cord; man and wife, private
■.. • residence.;
granite block cutters shingle packer.
•. ■ ....,« ...MURRAY & Hi.AL>Y,
£ 634 and 636 Clay st.
" -..'COOKS 77. . Walters
.; • 9 cooks, different places, $50 to $30 and found;
• ;', S waiters, different places, $30 to $25 and
, . found; '. .dish washers. $15. $20 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
• ...PLANER ttr.d matchtr hand for country saw-
.-; ••■ mill; metal spinner. MURRAY & HEADY,
•;,-;■• 634 ancK 636 Clay Ft. ...-
-\ . ' WANTED— Farrcll. the gardener.
•"» 2 jninerH. steady job, near city, "$52 -gardener!
•• ■ $30; porter for lodging house. $30 an.l room;
• • kitchen .hand tor lunch house, in city, $30-
-, ' an.l others.' W. D. EWER &. CO., 620 Clay St.
. . WANTED— A pantryman for flrsl-chiss place
•'-." • in city, $30. per month. Apply at " W. D
. EWER & CO.'S. 626 "Clay st.
OFf"ICK open Monday 7 a. m. C. R. HAN-
. BEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
'■ DISHWASHER. « o'clock. 1008 Hyde s{.
DISHWASHER wanted. 141 East st.
*." "WANT! Experienced ■ boys' clothing sales-
•. . o man at y.< •< m BROS.'. 23 to 37 Kearny st. - ■
FIRST-CLASS carriage painter at Bay View
• Carriage" Factory, San Rafael.
• 'YOUNG men, seamen, carpenters, blacksmiths,
for ships. HERMAN'S, 20 Steuart st.
HELP M* NTED-Contlnued. "
A T ? D ~ A Partner, in a ladleß* tailoring es-
but "!S Nt; thlB Is not a question of money.
fitter [r; must be a nr «-class cutter arid
" "£, nA, c**'e **' with references, which win
be confidential, box 573 Call office.
T °eaY°l v l n'£i week -300 p - alrB men ' B Bhoes - sorae
''T C *. frOm '° 1 ' tO ?1: neW shoes, Blight-
<y damaged. £ price. 562 Mission st., bet.
-first and Second sts. Open Sundays.
I M £s . W 2 nt( ' d everywhere to distribute samples
I and adverts California Orange Syrup; $2
I per aay and expanses; cash every week; par-
.! pa l",- f T.~ 2 " cent stamp. CALIFORNIA
ORANGE SYRUP CO.. San Francisco, Cal.
LAUGE insurance office desires city agent hav-
ing good connections anil controlling busl-
_J^BJ_salary ]»ald. Box 724. Call office.
' WAXTED^-Stonccutters. " Apply at work, Co-
lusa Junction. Cal.
i RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30
years, who are citizens of the United States
or those who have legally declared their In-
tention to become such; must be of good char-
acter and habits and able to speak, read and
write English, and be between G feet 5 Inches
nnd r, I't-t In height. For further Information
apply at the Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis Bt.,
i San Francisco, 'Cal.
WANTED ■ Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed liolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st.: 150 large
__rooms, 25« per ( nlght; $1 to $3 per week.
! WA .TEl>— Carriage and sign painter. For par-
j-_ tlculars call at- 2137 Dwlght way, Berkeley.
FINISHER nt Z2 Clay St. MYSELL-ROLLIN3
_CO.. bookbinders.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 ■>;; tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED At Montana House. 7644 Mission
St., men to take rooms; 10c. 15c and 25c per
night; 60c. 90e and $1 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms. 1541 :
Market st. • -
MEN and women <o learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College, ISS'.i Eighth st.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment
I Office. S. FUCHS. Sec. 325 Grant aye.
; j TRY Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sts.;
I thoroughly renovated: 200 rms.; 15c. 25c night.
. ! SINGLE rooms. 15c 20c, 25c per night; 7. r ,c. $1
I. to $2 60 per wk. Elcho House, S63S Market st. :
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Km x Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis st. near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
' j room. fee night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
; TRY Acme 'House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER House. 41 third Ft., near Mar-
ket: 210 rooms, 25c night: reading-room; free
"bus nd haggage to and from the ferry. .
; CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
' United States or Canada one year for $1,
j postage paid.
AGENTS WANTED.
1 RELIABLE agents, who want a good seller.
Address A. H. WILSON. San Jose. Cal.
ROOMS AND HOARD WANTED.
YOUNG lady Wishes board and room in a re-
fined private family; terms must be reason-
able. Box .'47. Call office.
I MEDICAL.
ALL ladles will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr.
Gwyer, formerly of 226 Turk St., has returned
to the city and resumed business; a sure and
safe cure for all female diseases from what-
ever cause: all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
| oases before going elsewhere; they will find
her a true friend; home for patients, with
every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed by
MRS.' DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy St., between
Hyde and Larkln.
' ALL cases of monthly irregularities restored
instantly (no matter what cause); safe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
•■ treatment have never been known to fall;
I travelers -helped without delay; home in con-
-1 flnement; skillful medical attention: all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable special!?*- free and confidential. MRS.
DR. WYETH, 20S Turk St.. near Jones.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects: taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 60 per box, sent free by mall
on receipt of price: consultation on all special
drseases free. WALLER BROS.. 23 Grant
aye.. B. F. A caution— Before purchasing
elsewhere write us. ""..--"■.-■
NEW process sent for female troubles: no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing: j
every woman her own physician; sale and !
1 sure: no medicine or Instruments used; con- |
sultation free: pills and capsules, $1; cure $5. i
By the well-known ladles' physician for 27 j
years. Call and see me for a safe cure. DR.
POPPER. MS Kearny ft.
\ A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
i cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
I cause: no Instruments used: guaranteed cure
at office, $.": travelers helped instantly; hours
9 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1123
Market st., bet. Mason and Taylor.
AILMENTS— In trouble see Drs. Good-
win free; reliable, safe and sure; cure in 24
hours guaranteed; any complaints: no Instru-
ments; maternity home; best medical at-
tendance: cure. $5. Removed from 401 D Van
I Ness to 1362 A Mkt., bet. Jones & City Hall ay.
! DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned spe-
cialist: all monthly irregularities restored;
whatever cause; all cases relieved immediate-
I ly: call or write; confidential. 1023 V* Market.
' ALLmarried ladles knoW'Sesuro." the greatest
. boon to them. RICHARDS & CO.. Clay St.;
$1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU-
P.O MFG. CO., KM X Ft., Sacramento. Cal.
| DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye.: private home in confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance: terms
moderate; infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAf'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50:
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late. |
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
MRS. L. S. BURT, maspage and electric treat-
ments; positive cure for nervousness, neural-
gia and rheumatism. 3" 1 -*. S. Spring, Los A.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; pleasant sunny home
in confinement. 1"6 Second St.; tel. Green 52.
; Bellevue Sanitarium— Ladles cared for during
: confinement. 727 Bellevue aye.. Los Angeles.
CHEAPF.ST and best In America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the 1
T'nlted States or Canada one year for $1,
| pi "tape paid. ■ .
• LOST. ■.'
LARGE black Dane dog. Return to New Elec-
tric Market, 1918 Market St.. corner Rose
I aye.. ami receive reward.
LOST Blue face gold v.-atch (lady's); reward.
BOYN'TON. 1720 Eddy st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call, IB pages, sent to any address •in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
FOUXD.
FOUND— Purse, Dec. 25; prove property and
pay expenses. 3215 Sixteenth st. .
HORSES.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth: auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
CO HORSES of every description at Emporium
■yards. 220 Valencia St., bet. Thirteenth
and Fourteenth: also buggies, wagons, har-
| nepsi, etc.. at your own price,
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES. ~
i 100 SET second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
~~ ATTORXEVS AT LAW. ' ,
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
, no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
NO fee unless successful.* W. P. ADAMS, rm.
CO", Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market St.
1 ADVICE free: no charge. unless successful. W.
: W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. - , .--
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collection,
free advice : open evgs. AttyMeCabe. 103 Larkin. ,
L. S. CLARK— Emma Sprockets bUg., 927 Mar- i
, kef. consultation free: no fees In advance.
I cTkFet~cl ax
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVEN'S. Mar.,
88 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
' WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Fend to SiwrLT'l.V'l'H Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-337 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
BTRATTON'S, 3 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
Ft.; cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
: CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.. tel. East 126. ■■ ' .'
typewriters" •/ "",
All typewriters sold and rented, few partly
used for sale cheap: send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery.
I A HAMMOND. $25; Callgraph, $15: Yost, $25;
get sample work. SCOTT. 333 Montgomery st.
STORAGE. :
A NEW fireproof brick bldg. ; cut rates. SCRIB-
NER & CO,. 1148 Mission Et., bet. 7th and Bth.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main «71*
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, 3IONDAY, JANUARY 2, 1899.
iiCSI\ESS CHANCES.
A— s3so; delicacy and dairy produce In large
good horse and wagon. KREDO & CO.
I A— s6ooo; BAZAAR; will invoice price asked;
best town on coast; clears $300.KREDO & CO.
A— s4f*o; DRUG storoi value in stock; $40 daily;
best In city. KREDO A CO., 22% Geary st.
A— ss6o; grocery and bar; fine living rms.; good
cor, for business. KREDO & CO., 22>,4 Geary.
$325— Grocery and bar; 4 rms.; cheap rent; bar- j
gain. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st. 1
$350— SALOON, board and lodging house on
dty front; bargain on --count of sickness, j
_McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market street.
NOTICE— To buy or sell a business of any
kind see MENZEL & CO., 7 Grant aye.
$250— DELICATESSEN store; good location; j
pays well; living rooms connected; good rea-
son for selling. MENZEL & CO., 7 Grant aye.
WANTED— Four parties with $1000 each to Join
advertiser In business where Investment and ,
services will yield handsome revenue. Box
£76. Call office. - j
! A BARGAlN— Restaurant and delicacy store; '
newly papered and painted throughout; five ',
rooms; rent reasonable. 5 Polk et. |
CHANCE seldom offered for best-located lodg-
ing house ln town; 35 rooms; cheap rent;
first class, steady and transient trade; a
great bargain to make immediate sale on ac- i
■ count of sickness in family; half cash If nee- !
■■aaij. Apply premises, 110 Ellis, nr. Powell. I
A— $1000; STAPLE grocery Mock; monthly sales :
HNj horse, wagon, fixtures; well located.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO., 460 Eighth
ft., Oakland.
BARBER shop In country for sale; with baths; j
4 living rooms; good business. Inquire F. j
PERINO. 122 Third St., San Francisco.
PARTNER with some means by expert wine
man for opening neat, respectable wine ;
room with family trade. Box MB. Call office. '
GOOD clerk for candy store; must know th«
business; call at once. SCHAEFER'S, 22
Kth St. I
$200— PARTNER wanted in successful growing ]
business. ChII 211 Examiner bldg., bet. 11 & 12. |
FOR Sale— Model Restaurant, 1212V4 Polk st. ; i
on account of sickness. Apply immediately. ;
A— MACHINE shop foundry must be sold im- j
mediately; death proprietor. Address 340 Oak. |
PARTY would like to purchase morning paper
route. Address box 674 Call of floe.
PAYING dairy store; great sacrifice; no op-
position. 1702 Leavenworth st. j
WELL stocked candy store; must sell at once.
IS7 Seventh s^
A FIRST class barber shop for sale. Inquire
at 12 Geary street.
FINE little saloon; must sell, account of leav-
ing city. 306 Minna st.
GOOD paying saloon for sale; open all night.
Inquire liquor store, 791 and 795 Mission St.
BRANCH bakery for sale; terms reasonable.
Address box 545, Call office.
FOR sale— Barber shop 1 chair; good business;
cheap. 911 Kearny st. i
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento St. !
LODGING HOpitCg FOR SALE.
H.. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
2G-room house; rent $50 750
6-room flat; rent $22 2f>o
14 rooms; on Sutter st 450
.'2 rooms; reduced from $5000 to 2500
12 rooms; on Market St.; rent $40 450 ■
10-room house: only 150 i
21 rooms: corner; clears $150 560
46-room house; corner 1200
Abstracts furnished showing clear title.
No contract from buyer or seller required.
H. C. DECKER. UH Market St.
A— KREDO & CO MVi Geary st.
Money Advanced on All Houses.
10 rooms. Taylor: rent only $35 $325 j
1 10 rooms. Powell: new and nice 600
10 rooms. Eddy; beßt little transient 500
12 rooms, elegantly furnished; boarding.... 850
12 rooms, Ellis St.; clears $50 500
! 13 rooms, all new; Ho-.vard st 600
I 14 rooms, all bay windows; corner 800 j
i 20 rooms, Mission; housekeeping SOO
I 22 roooms, best corner In city 1800
And others. Call and get list. KREDO.
BARGAIN; lodging house; new futnlture; I
clearing $250 a month. LOWENSTEIN. 34
Kearny st., rooms 10-11.
A— slooo— 7o-ROOM corner lodging house; posi-
tively clears $100. At SPECK & CO.'S. 602
Market St.
NEWLY furnished house of 7 rooms, all rented;
J price $250; terms. 323 Taylor Bt.
| 37 LIGHT, sunny rooms, rent, $40; price, $750.
739 Folsom gt.
FUKBUTURr FOR SALE.
: FURNITURE for sale of "-room flat; perfect
condition: reasonable. "Box 543, '.'all.
MUSICAL INSTRI MENTS.
AT $5 50 PER MONTH INSTALLMENTS AND
UPWARD.
$3 E0 per month rent; new pianos.
Heine upright $286 00
Stein way upright 187 GO
Chlckering upright 235 00
Sohmer upright 115 00
Knabe upright 273 00
1 And over 20 bargains from $40 up; buy dlreot i
\ of manufacturer and save $50 on each piano,
j Office of
■ HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO..
136 Ellis St.. Y. M. C. A. building.
; AS we are selling good upright pianos for M
i cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
name as If purchased for all cash: bargains
ln good second-hand uprights upon 6ame easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 an<l
$6 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
6telnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
ste., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
1 ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASES.
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of ail grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A FEW Bargains Until Christmas Only:
Sterling piano; rosewood case $190
Royal piano; oak case 197
Miller piano, rosewood case 198
$6 per month: guaranteed 5 years.
BENJ. CURTAZ A SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
A— MAGNIFICENT new Hallet & Davis up-
right- sacrificed at half price. Room 12,
Flood buildlnp.
I THE best barKainn ln the city can be found
at MAT'VAIS'. 7C9 Market st. Call and see
the stork in their elegant new room?.
WM G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento St.. agent
for celebrated pianos of Francis Bacon of j
New York and Hallet * Davis Co.. Boston.
A— NICE Fischer upright. $125 cash. If sold at
once. Room 21. Flood bulMlng.
SOHMER pianos are. the best. BYRON
MAUZY, Sole Agent. SOS Post St.
A FINE Steinway and new Chlckering upright
sacrificed. KEHFFE'R, 1019 Van Ness aye.
$150— FINE Steinway: greatbargaln. SCHMITZ,
U McAllister St., next Hibernla Bank.
A PIANO that will please you. the Byron
Mauzy. 308 Post st.
HAINES Bros." and other flmr-class pianos at
reducer! prices. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap; brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 D'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, oia and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
Unltei States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
~ FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
-INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont «t.
SANDWICH wagon: good stand and business;
for sale. Apply 17 Turk st.
$15— DOMESTIC sewing machine; good order;
complete. 1915 Mission St.. near Fifteenth.
A— BAR outfits, counters, shelving, showcases
Tall sizes), orflce fixtures, cash register,
scales, coffee mills, etc., bought and sold; es-
timates given. J. SCHWERDT, 821 Mission.
AM. Iron Wks., 615 Sixth— Second-hand Deane
duplex pump, 7V4x10; 24-ln. planer & matcher.
| ENCYCLOPEDIA BrJtannica; best biniintj;
complete; goo- as new; a bargain. Box 672
Call office.
' FOR SALE— 2 houses to be removed corner
Polk and Willow aye.; 1 8 rooms and bath- 1
6 rooms and bath. O. D. BALDWIN & SON
22 Montgomery st.
FINE thoroughbred Great Dane pups; 6 weeks
old: full pedigree given. 2164 Sixth st.
INCUBATOR cheap; a fine California; 500 eggsr
good as new: $26. 1308 Wood Bt.. Oakland. '
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures: new and second hand. J
NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission st
above Sixth.
FIRE proof cafe for sale; cheap. 42 Main
ptreet.
A C H. P. gasoline marine engine; almost new-
cheap. H. S. WHITE, tot Mission st.
TOOLS & machinery, every description, bought,
sold & exchanged: send postal. 64S Mission!
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
-423 Sacramento st.
KA FES— Bargains In new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. 8. F.
SIX horsepower Zenith gas engine: nearly new.
Cal. Belt Co.. 819 Mission; tel. Br. 331.
ONE and 2 bowl barber washstands. cheap.
I HUFSCHMIDT, 62J Oolden Gate aye. ,
HOUSES TO LET.
A— Send for circular; houses to let all parti of.
city. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
NATOMA. 306. between Fourth and Fifth— 4
rooms; rent $14. ASHTON & GARDINER.
I 411 Montgomery st.
PERRY. 212%— 8 ay-window house. 4 rooms;
rent $12 50; water ' free. Apply to G. H.
UMBS.EN & CO.. Incorporated.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st. ■
COTTAGES TO LET.
ELLIS, 1519— rooms, yard and cellar, $14;
2263 Geary. 5 rooms, bath. $12.
FURNISHED FLATS^
$700— NEW furniture, 7-room corner flat, near
Kearny; ; . ... cost. Box toS. Call ■■:'.-.
FLATS TO LET.
A— (10 TO 30 days free)— Nice, clean flats, $7
to $11. At A. M. SPECK & CO.'S. 602 Market.
! BIRCH aye.. 6078, above Octavia— 2 flats, 4
I rooms and bath; rent $10 and $12.
1 EDDY, 1375— 0n1y $10; look at It; convenient to
: all car lines.
i GEARY, 805— Elegant flat of 4 rooms; rent $15.
; HARRIET, 337, near Sixth and Brannan— 2
. flats, rooms; newly papered, painted; $9, $10.
SUNNY upper flat, 8 rooms and bath; rent
reasonable. 48 Shotwell st., near Fourteenth.
WE can rent you .a flat with or without a
j flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
'• $16 AND $18: modern double bay-window flats,
6 and 7 rooms; 15 Henry St., between Sanchez
j and Noe. $12; bay-window flat, 4 rooms, 3795
Seventeenth st. -
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
; A — SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping: 2 folding beds; 1 In
kitchen and 1 In bedroom, with suit to match;
furniture all new; $3 per week, $11 per month;
suitable for 3 or 4 persons. Apply at shoe
store. 502 Mission st., between First and Sec-
ond sts.; no children.
A SUITE of 2 large nice sunny front rooms,
complete for housekeeping: kitchen and bed
room; furniture all new; $2 per week, $8 per
month; no children. Apply at shoe store, 662
Mission St., bet! First and Second sts.
BUSH, r 675— Bay 'window suite and kitchen for
housekeeping. •.. . •
CAPP, 329—2 sunny rooms, upstairs, complete
for housekeeping; bath.'
EDDY, 915—2 large furnished sunny rooms; fine
location; private- residence.
FOLSOM, 870— Nice sunny front room for com-
plete housekeeping; cheap. ' ■ ,
GREEN, Changed hands; 45 rooms, thor-
oughly renovated: housekeeping rooms and
■ • single rooms; $1 25 to $3 50 per week.
GROVE, 202, corner Van Ness' aye.— Suite of 3
1 tunny unfurnished rooms, with gas range. -
: HOWARD. 833— Suites, housekeeping, $10; sin-
{ gle, $7; also other rooms.
, JONES, 2056 — Two sunny front unfurnished
rooms, bath, laundry: $8. . ■
JUNIPER, Furnished rooms for house-
keeping'; use of kitchen.
LEAVENWORTH, 517—2 unfurnished house-
keeping rooms? downstairs. ■ ■ -,
: LEWIS, IS, off Taylor, near Post— 2 rooms and
kitchen, unfurnished, $10. . ■ -
MARKET, 1028— Large sunny front room and
/ kitchen; folding bed; closet; $12. ■
MARTHA pi., 4, off Geary, bet. Mason and
Taylor— 2 large unfurnished rooms, $10.
■ MCALLISTER, . 422— Large sunny front room
i and kitchen. L_i_"
MINNA, 646— Furnished rooms . ' complete fforr r
housekeeping; sun all day. ' •
NEW MONTGOMERY, 106— Sunny -front house-,
' keeping rooms; also single. 10c to 15c night.
SIXTH, Bay-window housekeeping suite
: complete; $11 and $10; water; closets; bath. H
roUTH PARK, 184—2 sunny rooms, nicely
j furnished for housekeeping: r ■♦, $10. :
TEHAMA 478, near Sixth— s sunny furnished
• ■ housekeeping rooms. $15. ...  . ,
' TURK, 35—3 unfurnished connecting rooms for
housekeeping; gas, running water: reasonable.
VAN NESS, 43— Sunny housekeeping . rooms;
: also corner rooms suitable for dentist.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
■ Call. 16 pages, , sent to any address In the
United Rtatas, postpaid, for $1 per year. -
1 . ROOMS TO LET.. '
■ ARXlN^3TOrTlfo~irs^r~«^
V sunny, rooms; en suite or single; first-class
4a "every respect; terms reasonable. ■ •-• - '
BtSRNETT, 1361 Market A— Nicely furnished
rooms; suites and single also, unfurnished.
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms;- suites,
single; facing plaza; day or month. .
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Elegant corner sunny
suites and single rooms to families and gen-
tlemen; all conveniences; elevator, etc.; rea-
sonable. . j . ■ ......
BRUNSWICK— Sixth St., corner Howard-
rooms en suite or single, 25c to $1 a night;
$1 25 to $5 week; open all night; Ho ward-st.
cars pass house direct from all trains. 
BUSH. 675— Sunny bay window, single room;
reasonable.-. ■■- •- - -
COLTON House, 220 Third— Single suites; light
housekeeping; $5 up; brick building; yard.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $3, $10 mo.
EDDY, 118 — Sunny pleasant furnished rooms;
central; very desirable; $6 per month upward.
EDDY. 926 — Furnished rooms; sunny, nicely
furnished; rent reasonable; also for house-
keeping.
EDDY, Nicely furnished sunny room for
gentleman.
ELLIS, 540— Sunny cor. house; nicely furnished
rooms: light hskpg if desired; gas; bath.
FIFTH. 438 (Mechanics' House)— Rooms, single
or suite, $1 wk. up; transient. F. W. Gardener.
FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth— Furnished rooms;
$1 per week. ,
GEARY, 14A— Nice sunny bay-window suite
and other rooms; day, week or month; cheap.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh . and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HARRISON, 784%, nr. 4th— Finely furn. sunny
rms. ; bath; all conven'nees; home-like; cheap.
JESSIE, 333— Large furnished bay-window room
suitable for 2, $9; single room. $5. *
MARKET. 1032, near Mason— Sunny furnished
rooms and housekeeping; double or single;
%'i up.
MASON. 225— Nicely furnished sunny front bay-
window room; $2 per week up.
MINNA 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 2617—1 large sunny front room fur-
nished or unfurnished. . ■
O'FARRELL, 20— sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day. week or month.
PIEDMONT House, 119 A 6th— Nicely furnished
sunny front rooms; double, single; -first-class.
PINE, 614 A. near Kearny — Nicely furnished
sunny rooms; single or en suite; moderate.
POWELL, 317— Fomerly "Cosmos Club"— Ele-
gantly furnished rooms; reasonable.
SEVENTH, 179— New house, newly , furnished;
modern, sunny; single or suite; $6 to $20 mo.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth at.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SUTTER. 1111— Clean and comfortably fur-
nish rooms; single and en suite; reasonable.
TAYLOR, 407— A sunny front room, nicely fur-
nlghed; with grate; gentlemen preferred.
TURK, 126— Furnished rooms ■ for man and
wife; also single room for gentleman.
$5 A MONTH— and Bitting room combined;
Bunny: furnished. Box 569. Call office.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
FELL, 26—2 nicely furnished sunny rooms, with
board; reasonable; gas; gents preferred.
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
FOLSOM, 1530— Front room for two; also sin-
gle room; board; call after 4.
HOTEL Falrmount. 1714 Market— Elegant new.
furniture; first class in every respect; table
' unsurpassed; hot and cold water; elevator;
■mites, with board for 2. $50 a month up.
HOWARD. 2606— Large sunny rm., grate, large
closet, with board for 2. $35; one. $23.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant 6unnv rooms; ex-
cellent board: special rates for 2 or more.
PINE, 1006; the Victor — Beautiful, ■ sunny
suites: single rooms, excellent board; ref.
SUTTER. 1128— Elegant room and board; loca-
tion unsurpassed: reasonable. >j.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WANTED— ChiId to board; German family.
Address box 548. Call office.
OFFICES TO LET, '
A SUNNY corner, suitable for offices; single
or suite. 1206 Market st. cor. Golden Gate.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.—
Light, heat. Janitor and telephone; rents $12 50
to $20. ASHTON A GARDNER, room 210. j
PERSONALS.
JOSEPH GREVEN, vocal Instructor, has
proved that by his recent discoveries he can
cure the weakest, faultiest voices and develop
them to the greatest power and beauty; con-
sultation of 20 mlnutep, $2 50; terms per
month moderate. For further particulars call
rooms 121 and 122, Murphy building, corner
Market and Jones sts. : reception hours.
Wednesdays and Saturdays. 2 to 3.
NOTICE TO INVESTOR? :
Wave motor, the most scientific and practi-
cal one ever patented, can be seen In full
working onier for a few days at 523 Mission
St.; jiatent rights for the Unite.l States. Brit-
ish North America and Germany; this Is a
rare chance for a few men with a little capi-
tal to invest In a company that will harness
the waves for work, the power of the future.
PICTURE framing with glass, now cheaper
than ever; 7x9 Inches, 10c; 10x12, lac; 12x16,
20c; 14x17. 23c: 16x20, 30c; 18x22. 35c; 20x24. 45c;
22x25, 60c; curtain poles complete, with wood
or brass trimmings, 15c; room molding, all
colors, lc per foot: colored pictures, studies,
etc., 3 for 10c. JONES, 547 Mission st.. bet.
First and Second. Open evenings.
LEDERER'S QUINONIA gives a healthy
growth to the hair and a fine gloss; 35c bot-
tle. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton St.; try It.
LEDERER, the leading hairdresser, price 25c,
does the hair up In only the most approved
styles; switches. $1 up: LEDERER'S FOAMO.
fine shampoo, 5c package. 123 Stockton st.
THE Gastronome Restaurant, formerly the
Poodle Dog, will remain open at the same
place as before, the kitchen being under the
direction of one of the best chefs In the city.
A. GAUDARD, Prop., cor. Bush and Grant.
PARTIES with it 00 to $500 to Join advertiser
in opening 5 sanitarium for cure chronic
diseases ; entirely new .enterprise. Call or ad-
dress M. MEROENS, 1118 Howard, ntt 1 & 2.
PARTIES with $:> to $500 to Join advertiser in
opening sanitarium for cure of chronic <i;s-
eases; entirely new enterprise. Call or address
rooms 1 and 2. 1118 Howard. M. MEROENS.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St., near Market: 200 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CHRISTMAS Sale— Japanese bamboo furniture;
all kinds to order; wholesale and retail: coun-
try orders. K. YOSHITANI CO., 313 Sutter.
MRS. KATE BLAIR, scientific palmist. 143
Phelan building, third floor, San Francisco.
CLOTHING, especially ladles' and children's;
highest price; postal. H. Fabian. 1020 Folsom.
STAMP Albums, best Christmas present: stamps
bought. W. Sellschopp & Co., 118 Stockton st.
HOME In confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FL'NKE, 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
LADIES wishing to learn to cut and fit dresses
perfectly should consult MRS. HAMILTON.
2T.2M> Fourth st. ; one month's sewing free to
all who begin during January.
LEARN dressmaking, ladles' tailoring, mil-
linery; special offer this week; perfect fitting
patterns. McDowell School, 103 Post st.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College, 916 Market; men and women teachers.
spiritualism.
attentTonl
mrs. dr. a. d. howe,
The celebrated medium and clairvoyant of all
clairvoyants, who sees it all. tells you all iand
instantly gives you peace and happiness. She
never asks a question, but before you utter a
word she tells you in full of all that you are
Interested in; business, speculation, love,
marriage, divorce, tells of friends and ene-
mies, locates mines and burled treasures.
TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
All correspondence. sacredly confidential.
Treatment and consultation by mall always
satisfactory and most successful. Address or
call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
1104 Market st.. S. F.. The Vendome.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. celebrated tranco
test medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant,
cures disease with revealed remedies: consult
when others fall; sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. MENA FRANCES, Independent slate
writing medium. lIS Halght Bt.
MRS. KATE HOSKINS. trance medium; read-
Ings daily. $1. 322 S. Spring St.. Los Angeles.
MRS. ELLIS; tests to all; Tues.-Frl., 2 p. m.;
Mon. S; 25c; sittings $1. 233 Valencia st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 rents— The Weekly Call,
16 pagps, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
Permanently Located in San Francisco,
At 1025V4 Market Street.
Between Sixth and Seventh.
While entranced gives aid and advice which
will overcome your enemies, remove family
troubles, restore lost affections, make marriage
with the cne yon love no failure, remove Influ-
ence, bad habits, cures witchery, fits and long-
standing and mysterious diseases; will give cor-
rect information on law suits, sickness, death,
divorces, absent friends, etc
N. B.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by mall.
Eend stamp for circular, with special terms.
To MRS. DR. F. CLARK. 1023H Market sL
RETURNED— Mrs. Mandena, medium and
palmist: readings this week, 25 cents; satis-
faction guaranteed. 234>4 Sixth st.
MADAME AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader,
palmist; truth or no pay; 25c. 1150 Mission.
EVELYN FOV>"I.ER. mind reader and palm-
ist. Call 120 Ellis St., room 4.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 148 6th. rm. 10.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE, card reading.
417 Bush st., rooms 9 and 10.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader; 10c; ladles only.
I 543 Natoma St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
I MME. ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clalr-
j voyant and card reader. 1169 Mission, nr. Bth.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first in her pro-
fesslon, has removed to 218 Stockton st.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pagos, sent to any nddress In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
poytHgp paid.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practices, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1592; catalogue.
A SINGING and operatic training school, Paris
graduate; course opens Jan. 6; term, 6 mo.,
$75: languages, French and Spanish, begin
Jan. 6; course, $30; special training during
second term for Paris Exposition. 1900. Rooms
6 and 20. Mercantile bldg., 530 Golden Gate ay.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.; Indi-
vidual Instruction In shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English
branches, etc. ; life scholarship, $50; low rates
per week and month.
WANTED— Soprano, alto and basso for St.
Paul's Episcopal Church. Apply to J. B
WARBURTON, 142»s Fourth it., between 1
and 3 o'clock.
SPECIAL Instruction, penmanship, bookkeep-
ing and English; preparation for high schools
nnd universities. c n ll 11 a. m. to 3 p. m., 7
j to 9p. m., room 4.">4. Parrott building.
! PROF. MERKI. 1008 Mission, nr. Sixth-Violin^
mandolin, guitar, juvenile class, $1 monthly;
I • guitarists wanted for mandolin club; no dues.
A LADY teaches piano & mandolin thoroughly:
BOc hour; excellent pianist & accompanist for
entertainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavia st.
j ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt. ; day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
ZITHER lessons given by Max Maler. 526 Turk
st., bet. Larkln ami Polk; zithers, music and
strings always on hand.
: PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory In
Lelpslc; lessons, 75c. 110 Hyele st.
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano. ..irnt. inn.nl.,-
lin. etc. THE MISSES LANE. 3841 24th st.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
ket st. ; 400 positions secured In last 2 years.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tnrr, 572 Parrott hldg.
A WKEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing nt lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
PHYSICIANS.
.R^M^v^A^TNotiice^Dr. C. C. O' DonneilTofnce
and residence. 1021% Market, bet. 6th and 7th,
DENTISTS. ■
A METAL plate for the same price as rub-
ber: "full set' of teeth, $5: crowns, $3: fill- I
Ings, EOc; teeth without plates a specialty; |
written guarantee for ten years given on all I
work; no students employed; extracting free
when plates are ordered; consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason sts. Entrance S Mason st.
A FULL set of teeth. $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty"; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50: all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. : telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns $2, bridges $4; rub-
ber or ■ flexible plates $3; received .8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years. >
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth. 15 up; fillings. 25c up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
997 Market st., corner Sixth. ;
FULL set of teeth, 54; fillings, 25c; 22k. gold
crowns. $3; gold bridge, $5; plates repaired;
painless extraction guaranteed. N. Y. DEN-
TISTS. 969 Mission st.
i DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a \
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. a.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk St.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny: set of teeth
J4; filling, gold, 50o; silver, 25c: crowns, $3. !
: THE Esmond dental parlors, 43 6th— Crown and
i bridge work specialists; crowns 53; est. 15 yrs. j
i ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J. i
; W. KEY, 1320 Market st. j
MONEY TO LOAJT.
■ LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rate", without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth: telephone South 14. :
i HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob- I
I tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew- i
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry j
Store, 544-546 Market st. ; tel. Main 1644.
LOANS to salaried people: no security except
name. New Era Loan Co., 1003^ Broadway,
Oakland. Hours, 10 to 3. t
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st. ■
ANY amount of 6U per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
$15,000 IN sums to suit: reliable parties. 120
Ellis St., room 4; until Feb. 1.
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE, 22 Mason st., opp. Olympia Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY, 636 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
HOUSES built for $150 a room and up: repair
work done; will call. GEO. M. SALSBURY.
Builder, 521 X st., Sunset District.
BENJ. H. LICHTENSTEIN, dealer In city real
estate: business property and appraisements
a specialty. Office, 15 Grant aye.
WANTED— 7 or 8 rooms between Larkin
and Mason, Bush and Eddy sts. Box 564, Call.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year. |
COUNTRY REAL INSTATE. .
WANTED— An Improved ranch for elegant cor-
ner 4-story brick building and lot; 62x100 ft.; j
building cost $40,000; used as a first-class
hotel. Apply A. M. SPECK & CO., 602
Market st. %
FOR Country home of F. S. Wensln-
ger; 625 acres, with profitable dairy. Apply
to owner on premises, Freestone. Sonoma Co.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
COTTAGE of 4 rm!.; pantry; lot 52 feet front
by 135 feet deep. In Pomona, Los Angeles Co. ;
■will exchange for lot In San Francisco. Box
668, Call office.
WHAT have you good to trade, city or coun-
try, for a fine saloon, central and cheap rent?
Address box 665, Call office.
EQUITY of $5000 in city residence exchanged
for unincumbered country home; give full
particulars. Box 532. Call office.
PROPERTY WANTED. j~~
WANTED— From 15 to 20 acres near a station,
with or without Improvements, between Mill-
brae and Menlo Park preferred. Address
box 555, Call office.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE].
Elegant home Vernon Heights; a beautiful
new residence Just built; 9 rooms; bath, recep-
tion hall, two pantries, etc.; plumbing latest
and best; plate glass windows; hot air heater
with pipes to all rooms and halls; lot 50x125;
more land can be had if desired.
This Is certainly a model residence; picture I
of same will be -sent on application; price j
$6000; terms to suit purchaser. Lake Shore I
Land Co. A. H. BREED, Manager, 1070 Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal.
BOARDING house of 24 rooms, all nicely fur-
nished, for rent reasonable to responsible
party. B. H. WELCH & CO., 1383 Fifth aye.,
East Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALS.
j FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS' old store, 408 Eleventh st. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$800— 60x125 LOT on San Antonio aye.
$1100—60x268 lot on Benton St., near Santa
Clara aye. ■
— New 5-room cottage, on Grand st. ; work
nil done.
$2500—50x200 house, 8 rooms; windmill and !
tank. ..,:.;
$3500—50x150 elegant new house, 8 rooms; j
modern; at Morton-st. station; easy terms.
Bargains in all parts of Alameda. Office j
open Sundays.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 Park St., Alameda.
HOUSES built to order at your own prices and
on your own terms; call and see plans. J. 11.
YOUNG. Builder, 1243 Park st. '
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
RANCH of -6 acres; all Improved: almost In
center of Berkeley: splendid land for wheat i
and alfalfa, cows and chickens; will sell very I
reasonable. O. G. MAY & CO.. 2123 Center
St.. Berkeley.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
GAGAN— In this city, January 1. 1899, to the
wife of Charles R. Pagan, a daughter.
MARRIED.
BERNARDIS— SHEPLER— In this city, Decem-
ber ■ 24. IS9S, by the Rev. Charles E. Locke,
John Bernardls and Ella T. Shepler, both of
San Francisco. - ".
IMHOF— RATHELOT— In this ; city. December
31^1898. Henry Imhof and Aline Rathelot.
SOLARI— In this city, December 24, I
IS9B, by the Rev. Charles E. Lo^ke, John A. |
Solari and Annie E. Cavana, both of San
Francisco. ' . :
_____
DIED.
Alken, Dolly A. Geherty, Julia
Bjorkman, John A. Jennings, John T,
Bock, Sophie Klenz. Fred P.
Bailey, Eliza ' * Llnehan, James
Barry, James J. ■ Moran, Michael ,
Cohn. Louisa ■ Misrhler, Annie
Cronln, Mary Nathan, Rose
Decker. John H. Rendell. Thomas
Derhafn, Rev. J. H. Richards, Mary
Douglas, Elizabeth Selna, Edward
Ferot, Armand • Stone. Charles L.
Gallagher. James H. Wren, John R.
Gllmor. Harry C. Welsh, James
. Walsh, Walter J.
AIKEN— In Oakland, January 1, 1899, Dolly A.',
beloved wife of Henry 8, Alken. and sister of
Walter M. r and Chauncey B. Smith, a native
of Ohio, aged 43 years. . ■ s
BJORKMAN— In San Leandro. December 31.
1898, John August, beloved husband of Au-
gusta Bjorkman, and father of Mea, Martha
and Philip A. Bjorkman, a native of Sweden,
aged 62 years 11 months and 20. days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to ' attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock,' from Masonic Hall,
San Leandro. Interment San Lorenzo Ceme-
tery.
BOCK— In this city, December 30, 1898, Sophie
Bock, beloved aunt of Mrs. Jacob Young:,
Mrs. Peter Miller of Sacramento and Mm.
William Bartels of Golden Gate, a native of
Bayern, Germany, aged 69 years 8 months and
8 days. * '■--■:<; -."■;--'
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral' this day
(Monday), nt 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 200 Potrero avenue. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
BAILEY— In Oakland, December 31, IS3S,
Eliza, dearly beloved wife of William I.
Bailey, and mother of Mrs. Andrew Jamiesen,
a native of Longfleld, County Monaghan, Ire-
land.
BARRY— In this city, January 1. 1599, James
Joseph Barry, beloved brother of Mrs. D. B.
Macquarni, a native of Portsmouth, Va.,
aged 43 years 5 months and IS days.
Eyßemains at the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2425 Mis-
sion. street, near Twenty-first.
COHN— In this city, December 31, 189 S. Louisa
Cohn. beloved mother of Hannah Cohn, Mrs.
M. Skootsky and Mrs. E. Bellveau, and Bis-
ter of Mrs. Fannie Pinto, a native of Bohe-
mia, aged 70 years and 1 month. (New York
papers please copy.)
in?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
her daughter. Mrs. M. Skootsky, 7 White
street, off Vallejo, between Hyde and Larkin.
thence to Third and Townsend streets, 11:30
o'clock train. Interment Hills of Eternity
Cemetery. • • • r
CRONIN— fir this city, December 31. 18SS, Mary
""Cronin. a native of Ireland, aged 60 years.
[CFrl«nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2COS Bryant street, between Twenty-
fourth and Twenty-fifth, thence to St. Peter's
Church, Alabama street, between Twenty-
fourth and Twenty-fifth, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. ' •
DECKER— In this city, December 31, 1998. John
H. Decker, a native of Hanover, Germany,
aged 53 years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Theodor Dlerks, 957 Mission street, between
Fifth and Sixth. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
DERHAM— A solemn requiem mass will be of-
fered for the- soul of the late Rev. J. H. Der-
ham, O. P., at St. Dominic's Church, Steiner
street, to-morrow (Tuesday), at 9 o'clock.. .
DOUGLAS— this city, January 1. 1899. Eliza-
beth Alice, beloved wife of Adam Douglas,
and mother of Mrs, Annie M. Carter and
Ernest C, Percy H., S. Florence. Marcus T.
nnd Reginald W. Douglas, a native of Eng-
land, aged 58 years 11 months and 6 days.
(Victoria papers please copy.)
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
at her late residence, 513 Eddy street, to-
morrow (Tuesday), at 11 o'clock. Omit flow-
ers. Interment private.
PEROT— In this city, December 31, ' 189?, Ar-
mand Ferot, beloved son of Mr. and Mrs.
Auguste Lacroix, and brother of Emlle Ferot.
a native of San Francisco, aged 2S years and
23 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect- ■
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from the' residence
of his parents, 3012 Steiner street, near Union,
thence to French Church of Notre Dame dcs
Victoires. Bush street. . . <
GALLAGHER— In this city, January 1. 1899.
James H., dearly beloved husband of the late
Kate- E. Gallagher, father of Elmer J. and
Raymond T. Gallagher, and son of Margaret
and the late John A. Gallagher, a native of
San Francisco, aged 3." years and IS days.
■ ICT'Notlce of funeral hereafter.
GILMOR— in this city, December 31. IBM,
Harry C. Gllmor, a native of San Francisco,
aged 30 years.
[TT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
James McMenomey & Sun,- 1057 Mission street,
near Seventh. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. '
GEHERTY— this city, December 31, 1898.
Julia, beloved wife of John Geherty, dearly
beloved mother of Mrs. James J. Smith and
Mrs. L. A. Smith, and sister of Thomas
Ryan, a native of Killeshandra, County Ca-
van, Ireland, aged 56 year?.
■ tCTFrirnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 298 California avenue, corner of Eu-
genia avenue, thence to St. Paul's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery-
JENNINGS— In this city. December 31, IS9B, '
John T. Jennings, beloved father of Alfred
J. Jennings, the late Mrs. T. A. Wilson. Mrs.
Helen S. Treat and Mrs. F. A. Alexander, a
native of London. England, aged 90 years 10
months and 17 days.
KLENZ— In this city, December 30, IS9B. Fred
Paul, dearly beloved husband of Annie Klenz, .
father of Sophie Klenz, son-in-law of Mrs.
■ Mendel and brother-in-law of Mr. and Mrs.
L. C. Mendel,' Mr. and Mrs. C. Deu-
bler and Mr. and Mrs. G. Wlllers. a
native of Pruessen', Germany, aged 31 years •
11 months and 12 days. (Oakland papers
please copy.) * " ■' ' •
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi- .
dence, 718% Bryant street, between Fifth and
Sixth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
LINEHAN— In this city, December 31, 1898,
James, beloved husband of the late Julia '
Llnehan, and father of Mlcnae] J., Joseph,
Mary, James, Leo and Helen Llnehan, a na-
tive of County Roscommon, Ireland, aged 46
years. . . . • . .
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow j
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1235 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Rose's ;
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose 'of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
MORAN— In this city, December 30. IS9S, Mich-
ael Moran, a native of Ireland, aged 74 years. '
CTFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to ; attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co.. 1235 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Francis
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be. celebrated for the repose or his soul, com- •
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross ;
Cemetery.
MISCHLER— In this city. December 31. 189S, .
Annie, beloved daughter of Anna Mlschler,
and sister of Mrs. Frefl • JunKer and Tlllia
Mlschler, a native of Colfax, Placer County.
Cal., aged 24 years and 24 days. (Chicago,
111., and New York papers please copy.) ;
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the family '
residence, • 1051 McAllister street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
N. •D. G. W. — Officers and members "xif Oro ■
Fino Parlor No. 9; N. D. G. W. : You are
hereby requested' to attend the funeral of our .
deceased sister, Miss Annie Mlschler, to-mor-
row (Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late'
residence, 1051 McAllister street. By order of :
. MRS. C. F. KAPP, President.
M. J. SMITH, Secretary.
NATHAN— this city, January 1. 1899, Rose, r
daughter of the late David E. Nathan, sister 1
of Sophia and Phoebe Nathan,, and niece of ■
Henry Chester, a native of New Zealand. ■.
RENDELL^-In this city, December 31. 1898, .
Thomas, beloved husband of Hannah Ren-
. dell, a native of Brldport, England, aged 68 J
years. *
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow :
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his lata '
residence, 1608 Lyon street, thence to I. O.
O F Hall for services at 12 o'clock. Inter- ,
ment private, Mountain View Cemetery, Oak-
land. - ' '•';' :
RICHARDS— this city. January I, 1599, at
her residence, 612 Guerrero street, Mary,
widow of the late John E. Richards, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 60 years. . . • .
(C7-Notice of funeral hereafter. Pleas* omit i
flowers. . . » . -~ •
SELNA— In this city, December SO, 1393. Ed-
ward, dearly beloved husband of Matilda
Selna, father of Henry, Edward. William and .
Morris Selna and Josephine McDonald, . and
father-in-law of Mrs. Rosie Selna, a native of
Switzerland, aged 52 years and 3 months.
[CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10:20 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 637 Chestnut street, thence to Sts.
Peter and Paul's (Italian) Church, -where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the .
repose of his soul, commencing at 11 o'clock,
thence to Garibaldi Hall. 423 Broadway, .
where funeral will take place under the aus-
pices of Alpine Grove No. 108. U. A. . O. D .
at l:S0 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. ''■•'-"£•: •-; "
STONE— In this city. January 1, 1893. Charles'
L , beloved husband of Carrie M. Stone, and •
father of Kate E. and George Stone, a native .
of Hudson, N. V., aged 66 years 11 months
nnd 13 days. «. -
(C7"Remains at the parlors of the Golden.
Gate Undertaking Company, 2429 Mission
street, near Twenty-first. , , ■
WREN— this city. December 31, IS9B. John ,
Robert, dearly beloved son of Patrick and the
late Johanna* Wren.' and brother of Mrs. M.
J Liddy and James and William Wren, a
native of San Francisco, aged 2S years 5 .
months and 5 days.
tCT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi- •
dence 925 Natoma street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a requiem mass '
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing .at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery-
WELSH— this city, January 1. 1399, James ..
Welsh, beloved brother of Mrs. Mary Flaher-
ty Michael Welsh. Mrs. John Maloney and .
Peter Welsh, a native of County Galway. Ire-
land, aged 68 years.
WALSH— this city, December 31, IS9S, Wal- .
ter J., husband of Minnie E. Walsh, a na-
tive of San Francisco. .
(T7"The funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, . 41S Steiner street. Interment private,
Holy Cross Cemetery. ■ ;
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan' & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAI^tEKS.
.- SO Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School,
i Telephone South 80. 1 . !.;*<,;
mcAVOY «fc CO..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMEM I
1235 Market si. between Bth and 9th. I
Telephone. • South 247. |
1112
PLOT TO PURCHASE
A NATIONAL HONOR
Dan Burns Is Using the Police Department of
This City With Which to Bait
Officers of State.
Paniel M. Burns Is playing a gambler's |
gam* l to win the prize of a seat in the
Vn.tfd States Senate. In his striped ca
reer as a malefactor in and out of prison
cells, he has staked his personal honor
and the lives and liberty of his closest |
and dearest friends against success. !
Sometimes he won with the instruments !
of his dishonest greed and sometimes he
lost. From the moment that he crawied, |
Bcakelike, into a position of public trust
until now the shadow of his personality I
has been a death blight to those upon ;
whom It has fallen.
]n public lifp ho has been suspected, dis
credited and dishonored. In private life I
ho has been shunned, feared and despised.
Hla public associates have been blacklegs :
and his private friends his victims. Hay- ;
ing dishonored himself, condemned by
association his friends, and robbed his
benefactor, be bus planned how to bring
distress to many homes and with a bait ;
of gre<=d, grasp a new element of success;
in his desperate tight for the Senatorship.
Daniel Bl Burns has decided to rob '
twenty-one members of the local Police
Department of their livelihood by taking
from them the:- positions. The agree
ment has been made, the list of victims
has noen drawn, and if the fear of public \
Indignation does not prevent the success j
of the conspiracy, twenty-one members of
VICTIMS OF DAN AMBITION
*« Rolice Patrolmen lA/hose Living: Is Demanded That •■
Km ■ 89
■•J. Votes may Be Bought in the State Legislature. em
■? •■
■2 — •■
H 1 Captain Benjamin F. Bohen. Sergeant Thomas D. Barnstead. Patrolman Daniel C.Libby. c v
B ® Captain Andrew J. Dunlevy. Sergeant" John Avan. ... Patrolman John McQreevy. an
■ Z Detective Arnop Bainbridge. Corporal John H. Burke. Patrolman Charles galley. # m
■ • Detective Raymond M. Silvey. Corporal John Heaney. . Patrolman Wm P. Morehouse. # v
■ • Sergeant Mier Lindheimer. Corporal Patrick S. Hagarty. Patrolman Frederick Smith.
■ • Sergeant Fred T. Brown. Patrolman Timothy J. Dugan. - Patrolman Barney Harter.
■ • Sergeant John W. Shields. | Patrolman Peter Coleman. | • Patrolman William Gaynor. J ■
O • ;•••'•" Also several officers who are on the sick list. _ _
OH
!!!2??!a ■■■■■■■■ ■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
the Police Department must give up to I
T)an Hums the means by which the> n\e.
This compact of a knave, a blackleg and
a senile Chief of Police was made nearly |
a Ea°c n h th of a u°e parties to the jcheme has
mxm
as a person closely connected to one of
?he Commissioners may attest Places
demanded the terrible sacrltice of
. s olt is a party to the plot ge
ne owes hlfl present political life
and the hope of its continuance to Dan
Burns Gunst, as Police Commissioner,
many interests to protect. They are
Hot the interests that are good for the
city, but they are the interests of Gunst
and his friends, of gamblers and black
fees Gunst therefore did not weigh long
the balance between his interests and
those of twenty-one men and their H\ing.
Some of these men are ill from the effects
of ?he?r service to the city. They have,
completely dependent upon them, fami
lies without other means of support.
More than one of them has been a hero in
the performance of his duty. But
Gunst gambler's friend and associate,
creature and tool of Burns, counts these
considerations for nothing. He has
promised to make twenty-one vacancies
in the Police Department that Burns may
offer bait to twenty-one members of the
State Legislature and Gunst may protect
the immoral agencies of the town.
Chief of Police Lees is party to the
scheme because he is lustful for the con
tinual possession of power. When Gunst
sought to take from the old man this
power Lees, in fretful fuming and the
fury of old age, rebelled. Now that there
is- for him the greedy hope that he will
not. be molested in his sham of greatness
he agrees heartily to the demand of the
conspirators. He. cares nothing for the
efficiency of the Police Department nor
for The existence of its members. Some
of the men that have been selected for
retirement are among the most efficient in
the service* Others are ill and friendless
and others without power. It is easy for
Dan Burns, Mose Gunst and Chief Lees
to destroy such men.
The scheme was readily formed. .^ c "
has made the Palace Hotel his head
quarters for a month.-. When he should
have been, in the performance of his duty,
at the City Hall be was at the Palace
Hotel in consultation with Dan Burns
The Chief ot Police was willing 0 obey
Burns and- eager to propitiate Gunst. It
wa™thought feasible at first to increase
♦Hp police force by twenty-five, members,
hut this would require an appropriation
from the Board of Supervisors, and the
Plan was abandoned. It was then decided
to create as many vacancies as possible
Vacancies have been made in the Police
Deprtment before for the benefit of State
legislators by manufacturing charges
against unprotected patrolmen and dis
missing them from the service. Such a
plan was no " sooner discussed than
abandoned, as th« administration of Lees
Is offensive enough without the confession
of the old man himself. Charges of cor
ruption would be an admission of guilt,
and the scheme was dismissed with very
little discussion.
Bums then determined that those mem
bers of the department who are eligible
for retirement under the pension law and
those that have met misfortune and are
ill should be retired. Burns' demand was
at one" accepted. Chief Clerk Wright of
the Police Department was at once in
structed to prepare a list of those that.
by the provisions of the scheme, could
hi retired from the department and their
Places filled by the selections of State leg
islators Clerk Wright was not slow in
obeying. The pension law provides that
all members of the department that have
had a continuous service of twenty year*
and have reached the age of 60 years may
be retired on a pension of half. pay.
Retirement is not compulsory, but is
at the discretion of the Police Commis
sion sitting as a Board of Police Pen
sion Commissioners. It would be absurd
to retire efficient officers simply because
they had reached a certain age. Such
action has never been taken honestly. It
Is only in •'"' emergency, such as Burns
has presented, that the Police Commis
sioners, compliant or worse, lend them
pelves to a scheme that works mischief
to the service and grave injustice to un
protected officers. _...  t .
When Wright had finished his list and
discovered all of the men In the depart
ment who were either ill or more than
60 years of age copies of the list were
pent to the different captains in whose di
visions are the men who are to be re
tired Through these sources the victims
learned of their coming fate. They knew
that their time is short, as the Police
Commissioners will meet to-morrow
morning as Pension Commissioners unless
the illness of Commisisoner Tobin pre
vents. Mr. Tobln has been seriously but
not dangerously ill, and if he cannot at
tend to-morrow the other Commissioners
will meet and adjourn until he is able
to do so. The unfortunate officers will
then have a little more time in which to
fight for their lives.
Chief Lees is quite confident, however,
that Tobin will be able to attend. The
Chief held yesterday afternoon, therefore,
his last preliminary conference with
Wright. The talk lasted for several
hours. The list of men selected for dis
missal is as follows:
Captains Hohen and Dunlevy; Detectives
Bainbridge and Silvey; Sergeants Llnd
heimer and Brown, City Prison; Sergeant
Shields. North End station; Sergeant
Barnstead. Southern station; Sergeant
Avan, Harbor station; Corporals John
Burke. California-street station; Heaney
and-Hagarty. Seventeenth-street station:
Patrolmen Pugan. attached to the School
Department; Peter Coleman and Libby,
Southern station; John McGreevy and
Charles O'Malley. Harbor station; Gag
nor, Morehouse, Fred Smith and Barney
Harter, Central station.
It will be seen that this list includes
two captains, two detectives, five ser
geants, three corporals and nine patrol
men— twenty-one in all. Some of the men
who are to be retired are among the most
efficient and widely experienced in the de
partment. Some of them are so thoroughly
informed on the affairs of the department
and its necessities that they cannot be re
placed. To dismiss such men means sim
ply to serve a dishonest purpose and obey
a dangerous demand.
Through the influence of superior offi-
cers a few of the men on the list of de
capitation were Informed of their ap
proaching misfortune. With a dpspera
tion inspired by the knowledge that they
are to lose their livelihood these men have
since been vigorously seeking influence to
save their positions. Among those that
;irc fighting practically for their existence
are' Corporal Heaney, Sergeants Brown
and L,indhelmer and Captain Dunlevy,
all of these men are of acknowledged
ability and value in their respective
spheres, but they are to be sacrificed to
the ambition of Dan Burns.
With the vacancies created by the dis
missal of these men Dan Burns hopes to
be able to buy votes.
A legislator who has the power to ap
point a captain of police of San Francisco
would be no mean political figure in his
district. A legislator who may name a
sergeant of police would be less powerful,
but still important. In such manner this
sche^rsr of the Candelaria has thus ar
MORIZ ROSENTHAL
KEYBOARD WIZARD
T^e Virtuoso Bows to Society To-«Moppow
Evening.
MORIZ ROSENTHAL, the ceiehrat
ed virtuoso of the piano, arrived
at the Palace yesterday from I.os
Angeles. To-morrow evening he will
be heard at the Metropolitan Temple
in a recital embracing four numbers.
Society at large and the music-loving
public of San Francisco in particular
havp heard much of Rosenthal. His
triumph of ton years ago in this coun
try is still remembered, as is the dis
appointment that was experienced two
years ago when he was BUduenly taken
ill and was unable to fulfill his con
tract to tour this country. His ap
pearance here to-mnrrow evening is
pimply the realization of a deferred
pleasure.
Rosenthal possesses a personality
as a man that is no less attractive than his art L,ow of stature but with
a build that suggests much latent physical strength, he at the same time ha."
a softness of charm and manner that makes delightful the time spent in his
company. He converses with a rare degree of intelligence and a fascinating
accent. B
Rosenthal is an artist. He is a musician because he cannot be anything
else. Imbued with the most refined senslbllites of harmony, he has brought the
controlling passion of his life to a masterly degree of perfection by years of
ceaseless study. Two years ago he was here convalescing from his illness but
to-morrow evening marks his first bow to a San Francisco audience as a pianist
Rosenthal never sacrifices technique for interpretation. At the same time he
does not lack life or fire, and with his wonderful digital ability he is truly the
master of any composition that he may set before him. In respect to inter
pretation he is the opposite of the vitriolic Joseffy. for there is never the slightest
suggestion of effort in Rosenthal's manipulation of the keys.
The first number on to-morrow's programme is Beethoven's "Sonata— Op 109 "
The three movements of this masterpiece will give Rosenthal's audience a chance
to Judge of his soul, expression and interpretation, while the very next number"
Schumann's "Carnival," will eerve to Illustrate his dexterity and the znasterl£
Ecopo and wonderful reserve fore© of bis execution.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 2, 1899.
ranged his bait to suit, his pame. Big fish
need large bait and small fish are tempted
by little hooks and Burns knows that
there are big and little fish In the State
Legislature.
Craftily, therefore. Burns has arranged
to give to each member whom he needs
from the interior the right to appoint one
patrolman of . the police force of San
Francisco. The higher positions are to be
given to the legislative del*gation from
this city.
, This in outline is the plot that is so
cruel to officers that must live by their
labors and so injurious to a department
that is saturated more than enough al
ready with the drippings of corruption
The Call does not pretend to predict that
the plot will be carried to completion. If
the Police Commissioners obey the de
mand of Burns they will have precedent
for their action. If they do not another
public expose will have prevented another
public outrage.
Big Typewriter Order.
The United States War Department of
this city Just placed another order with
L & M. Alexander for ten more new
model Smith Premier typewriters.
Lighting Bills Will Be Paid.
Judge Seawell has handed down an
opinion dissolving the temporary injunc
tion granted in the suit recently instituted
by W. R. Summerhayes to prevent the
auditing and payment of demands for
lighting made by the San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company. The way is now
clear for the settlement of the demands.
. ♦ ■
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKT U
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because It Is pure.
Trustees Will Hold a Meeting.
The regular meeting of the board of
trustees of the Mechanics' Institute will
be held at 31 Post street Tuesday even
ing, January S, commencing at 7:30
o'clock. Owing to the number of impor
tant questions of interest to be discussed
It is expected that every member of the
board will be present.
. ♦ .
Over 11,000,000 fans are exported in one
year from Canton, China.
PREYING UPON
THE COMMUNITY
How the Telephone Company Per
fected Its Gigantic Bureau
of Eavesdropping.
THE expose of the dishonorable meth
ods employed by the Pacific Tele
phone and Telegraph Company
toward Its patrons and the public has
excited general dismay, disgust and in
dignation. Were it not for the absolute
| proof presented by The Call It would seem
I that this company would not dare violate
j the confidence reposed .in its honesty as
far as to become a public menace instead
of what It is paid to be— a public benefit.
But men may be bribed to commit the
most despicable offenses, one of which
the Pacific Telephone Company has raised
to the despicable dignity of a corporate
existence. This company has made itself
a gigantic bureau of eavesdroping, organ
ized and protected under the law, to
listen at every man's door.
So thoroughly is this shameful fact
known that employes of the corporation
from the highest to the lowest are aware
that in every telephone office there Is a
"listening table," where the eavesdropper
may sit and hear any conversation that
is carried on over any wire operated by
the company in any part of the city,
State or coast. The "listening table" is
the keyhole of the telephone company
and it is operated by the eavesdroppers of
I the company, even without the knowledge
of the ordinary employes.
Only the most trusted servants of the
concern are allowed to manipulate it.
The dishonorable possibilities of such a
system cannot be exaggerated. Affairs
from the most trivial to the most import
ant are known to these legalized eaves
droppers. Information that they are
bribed, as The Call has shown, to give
or that they may use for blackmail, is at
I their command. Facts that the exigen
: cies of public or private business demand
should be kept secret are in the posses
sion of this company.
The substance of every message that is
sent or received over the Sunset system
is reduced to writing, indexed and filed
away. Why this should be done it is
easy to understand. Men are not knaves
| for pleasure. When they are rascals they
! are paid for being such. The Call deems
j it a duty therefore to warn the public of
i the manner of men who are managing the
Pacific Telephone Company, and while
they are being overpaid to render an hon
est public service they are stealing for
' dishonest gain the secrets of the city anl
State.
Particularly should a warning be given
to those patrons of the Pacific Telephone
Company who bolleve they are paying
for what is known as a "private tele
A CAUCUS OF
THE NEW BOARD
OF SUPERVISORS
Appointments to City
Jobs Considered.
POLICE COURT CHANGES
JUDGES LOW AND JOACHIMSEN
AS PROSECUTORS.
L. Q. Carpenter and George Went
■worth Also Selected— Recorder Ber
thier Completes His List of
Deputies and Copyists.
The. incoming Board of Supervisors held
a caucus on appointments last evening in
Dr. Perrault's office. The list of fortu
nate ones who are to receive positions
under the new administration was prac
tically completed, but the names are not
to beannounced until to-night, as several
changes are possible. The positions in
the four Police Courts are all decided.
Police Judges Charles A. Low and H. L.
Joachimsen are to be prosecuting at
torneys. This is one of the peculiar re
sults in tho game of politics. Thomas
Graham, Prosecuting Attorney in Judge
Joachimsen's court, will ascend the
bench, and the ex-judge will take his
place as prosecutor.
X* G. Carpenter, the well-known news
paper man, who is a graduate of the Ann
Arbor (Mich.) Law School, and Attorney
George A Wentworth will prosecute
criminals in the other two departments.
Jack P. Rice, James W. McQuaide, F.
Kelly and Fred Con way are to be clerks
of the Police Courts.
One of the important changes made by
the new hoard was the appointment of
W. I. Thompson, as superintendent of
construction of the new Hall of Justice.
Recorder Bertheir will take charge of
his office at 2 p. m. to-day, when his as
sistants are to meet at the Recorder's
office for instructions. Last night the ap
pointments in this office were completed.
They are as follows:
Chief deputy. Charles E. Corey: depu
ties, Harry Baehr and Max Warshaner;
marriage 'license clerk, Joseph Tlttel;
mortgage clerk. Edward W. Eustlce;
messenger, John Patten; chief copy
ist, John E. Durnier; copyists, John Cal
ish, Charles Malpiede, Eli Landry Wil
lam Fritz, A. T. Green, Joseph Hayea.
Fred Franks, Joseph Maguire, Jerry
Moore, W. L. Dauterman Jr., Sam Hamil
ton, Percy Levy, Ed Duffield. E. B. Car
roll, Frank Koegel, Edward Haugkey.
Joe Mogan, for several years steward
at the Recr-iving Hospital, has been ap
pointed clerk in the Coroner's office by
Dr. Hill.
Proud of the Record.
Captain Spillane feels proud of the rec
ord made by the patrol wagon of the
Southern Station during the month of De
cember. He has prepared a tabulated
statement of the number of "runs." It is
now in the hands of Chief Lees.
The document shows that there were
580 "runs" during that period, the largest
for the same length of time in the history
of the department.
There were 648 prisoners conveyed in the
wagon to the City Prison and 6S injured
people taken to the Receiving Hospital.
The number of miles traversed by the
wagon was nearly 1100.
Meeting of the Pavers' Union.
The monthly meeting of the Pavers'
Union, held yesterday at Hibernia Hall,
■was a success, being well attended by
representatives from all over the city.
As Indicated by the reports read before
the assembled members, the union is in
a flourishing condition, which bids well
to continue during the entire new year.
EX-SENATOR DUBOIS TO WED.
South Dakota Miss Will Become the
Idaho Statesman's Bride.
CHICAGO, Jan. I.— Cards are out to-day
announcing the marriage of ex-United
States Senator Fred Dubois of Blackfoot,
Idaho, and Miss Edna Maxfleld Waited of
phone" In their place of business or in
their homes. The company agrees, upon
request, not to place the number of a
patron's telephone in the public books.
This is a concession that is asked for
many reasons. Patrons may wish to be
saved from annoyance. They may desire
to discuss only those affairs that are of
the greatest privacy. Whatever their rea
son may be it is their own and the com
pany promises to honor it.
Under the terms of this agreement the
company promises not to give an in
quirer such a patron's number under any
condition. To communicate with such a
patron one must know the number of the
telephone and must receive the informa
tion from any source except the telephone
company. This is the theory. The prac
tice is different.
The managers of the Pacific Telephone
Company affect to be greatly concerned
over the exposure of their offenses. Their
concern is the chagrin of detection, not
the humiliation of guilt. For some peo
ple, "getting caught" is the only offense
in the calendar.
Officers of the Telephone Company have
made lists of these private telephones and
have sold them to whomever offered a
sufficient consideration. In this way they
strike a double bargain. By becoming
what they believe to be a public necessity
they are bribed to give an exacting ser
vice. They are then bribed to sell the
secrets they obtain.
John I. Sabin, president and general
manager of the Pacific Telephone Com
pany, was seen yesterday afternoon by a
Call reporter in regard to the expose of
the lax and corrupt methods in the ope
ration of the company's business. He dis
played evidence of great confusion and
refused to talk on the subject. The as
sistant general manager, Louis Glass, was
more communicative, however, until in
terdicted by his superior officer, Mr. Sa
bin. "I did not know of the story in The
Call until you told me of it," he said,
"and I cannot understand it at all. I know
that such a state of affairs as described
in The Call cannot exist. Whenever we
discover that there is an employe — of
whom we have a large number— who is
not strictly secretive as to the communi
cations passing through the office, he or
she is discharged immediately."
Just at this juncture Mr. Glass was
called to his private telephone. When he
returned he said that he was interdicted
fmm speaking further and that Mr.
Sabin would represent the company for
all interviews.
Being asked If it were not possible that
an operator might receive or overhear a
message and then transmit it to some
other than tbe party to whom it was to
be properly sent, he refused to answer.
The ban had been placed upon his tongue
and he declined to be Interviewed
further.
Dolan, S. D., in Chicago on January 11 at
the residence of Miss Whited's brother
in-law. Rev. Howland Hanson. Immedi
ately afjterward the bride and groom will
laave on a six weeks' Eastern trip. They
expect to be "at home" in Blackfoot,
Idaho, after March 1.
CONGRESSMAN DINGLEY
IS CRITICALLY ILL
Leader of the Republican Majority in
the House a Sufferer From
Pneumonia.
WASHINGTON, Jan. I.— Representative
Kelson Dingley of Maine is critically ill
at his apartments at the Hamilton House
in this city with an attack of pneumo
nia. Beca.use of his age much concern is
felt over his condition. His illness dates
from Wednesday of last week, when he
had an attack of la grippe. He grew
rapidly worse, and last night pneumonia
set in. This afternoon it was stated there
had been a slight change for the better,
and this has continued throughout the
evening.
Mr. Dingley is of delicate physique, is
an unremitting worker, and has figured
In tariff legislation in the House for a
great number of years past. ' He is now
chairman of the Committee on Ways and
Means, and is the leader of the Republi
can majority on the floor of the House.
His wife and daughter are here nursing
him in his illness, while a physician is in
constant attendance at his bedside.
Noted Educator Dead.
SHELBYVILLE. Ky., Jan. I.— Dr. J. P.
Tevis, an old educator, died here this
MUSLIN
Our annual sale of muslin underwear com-
mences Tuesday, Jan. $, 1899, at eight o'clock.
The stock comprises all ,of last season's sam-
ples from the largest American manufacturer
of muslin underwear, besides our own goods
carried over from 1898. All are to be closed
out for one-third less than former prices.
The selection is :
Drawers, 20, 25, 40, 55,65, 75c up to $3.30
Gowns, 40, 50, 65, 70, 75c up to $8.00 .
Chemises, 40, 50, 60, 65, 75c up to $4.50
Skirts, 40, 60, 75, 85, 95c up to $14.00
Corset covers, 20, 25, 35, 40, 50c up to $2.50 •
Every garment is made from good muslin,
well sewed, trimmed with good embroid-
ery and the prices are
less than usual.
Lace Curtains
- Irish point curtains in white and ecru, re-
duced from $6. j0, $7.00 and $7.50, now at the
special price of .
O a pair ■ :
Goods now on display in our windows.
i»B to 131 Kearny St.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' . '
"ImuarysalesT"
Extraordinary Values
.... insr . . .
All Departments!
Fknrec 5 cases 36 and 40 inch
i)Kt J J Mixed Cheviot and Bour-
rcxKTxo ette DRESS GOODS, in 25
(liHIIIS J different stales and col-
oririus.
Price 25c Yart.
Regular value 500 yard. ■
4500 yards FANCY-SILKS. :
in Plaids, Stripes and
Cllf FC Bayadere effects, all new
JILnJ goods. and veru desirable
for waists and skirts,
Price 8.5 c ai $1.00 Yd
Regular value $1.25 to $2.25 yard.
275 dozen Ladies'. 2-ClasD
TTAVCC ENGLISH WALKING
uLUYEJ GLOVES, all sizes, In
reds, tans, browns, ox-
Mood and clack.
Price 75c Pair
Regular value $1.00 pair. • •
. 175 nieces Genuine German
EIDERDOWN FLANNEL
FLANNELS ..3gg- mlßtDorn ™
 Price Bsc Yard •
Regular value 12%0 and 15c yard.
NOTE.— See display or above goods In
■ oar show windows.
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET."
morning, aged 74. He was the son of Mrs.
Julia A. Tevis, founder and for fifty years
principal of the Science Hill Girl's High
School. Through that institution's al
umni he was well known in nearly every
part of the Union.
RECOGNITION OP VALOR.
Army and Naval Officers to Be Re
warded for Gallant Service.
NEW YORK, Jan. I.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: President
McKinloy will send to the Senate immedi
ately after Congress convenes a list of
army officers entitled In his opinion to
brevet rank for gallant and meritorious
service during the recent war. It is ex
pected there will several hundred names.
As soon as the naval promotions board
submits its report Secretary Long will lay
before the President the names of naval
officers deserving of advancement, and
It is understood the President will at once
send the nominations to the Senate.
GOLDBERG
BQWEN
&CO.
Short sentences for 1899
Dry year in '98
You bought sparingly
Trade in general was slow
Our business did not grow
by leaps and bounds
It did grow gradually
Must have been good rea-
sons
The quality of the goods,
the prices and the service
all counted in our favor '
Pleased customers are the
best advertisements
We are encouraged to put
in the best efforts" for '99
Come, open an account here
Special saving sales unit b* returned
nextweek • • '
4)1 Pine 115 Sutter «800 California San FraKlse*
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
poO 0~0 0000000 0000 Q
\vtr PALACE «'|
I GRAND iH&MkMiS
D BAN M4/KC/BCO, 2
J* OoaD«ot«4 by a cov*i«4 imimtimm. 2
' 1409 Rooms— With Bath Attach©*, Q
9 Ail .Under On« lf*na*«r»eo«. <J
9 hot; the PRIOKB: q
_ StarofiMß Plan.fl.OQ par day and n^wmH —
V American P1an.98.00 per day and «»wax4 V
ft Correspondeacc So'tloltad. n
5 JOSH 0. HB^?A?RIOS, M4Mgm. «
«LQQOOOCOOO3OOQOQaO
DR.MCNULTY.
fIiHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
• L Specialtstcure.l Prlvate,J<en-ouB, and Blood Dis-
eases 0/ Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
, Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20y'rs* experience.
Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
to 3 daily ; 6.3o to 8:30 ev'gs. Su ivdavs, 10 to 12. Consul.
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddreßs
P. ROBCOE McXULTY, M.D.
26% Kcarny St., Sail Francisco. C»L
Baja California '
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisine and specific toalo
for the sexual • and urinary organs of both
sexes,* and a great remedy for diseases of th»
kidneys and bladder. A treat * Restorative,
Invigorator and- Nervine. Sells on Its on
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALPS. & BRUNE, Agents,
m Market street. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
lA/. X. HESS,
ItOTARY POBLIO AND ATTORNKT-AT &AW,
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claua SpreckeU Bid*.
Telephone Bro\vn 93L
Residence. 821- California St.. below PowelL
San Francisco.
HOITT'S . SCHOOL.
Has removed from Burllngame to 'its B«w
home at Menlo Park. San Mateo County: ac- .
credited, and prepares boys equally well for
business; next term begins January 16th, 189*.'
nu. a HOITT, Pa. p.. Principal.