VOLUME LXXXV— NO. 130.
STEPHEN J. FIELD
IS LYING AT THE
POINT OF DEATH
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, April
9* — Ex-Justice of the Supreme Court Stephen J. Field is dying. His physicians last
night did not expect him to survive until daylight.
Judge Field contracted a cold about two weeks ago which became complicated a
week ago last Thursday with troubles resulting from extreme old age. Yesterday morning his
physician, Dr. Curtis, pronounced his case critical, and all during the day and night he has
been gradually sinking. At 2 o'clock he was pronounced dying, and his death was momentar
ily expected.
Judge Field is over 82 years old. Since he retired from the. Supreme Court, in 1897,
after thirty-four years of service, his condition has several times alarmed his friends, but his
wonderful vitality has overcome all the disabilities of age. and, though feeble of late years, he
has since his retirement had fairly good health. * At the time of his retirement he had been in
bad health for some time, but his ambition to serve upon the Supreme bench longer than Chief
Justice Marshall had induced him to refuse retirement, although long past the legal age, until
after his term had exceeded that of the first Chief Justice.
THE KAISER
IS SUFFERING
FROM LUMBAGO
f-pocial Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1599, by James Gor
don Bennett.
BERLIN, April The Kaiser has
been one of the victims of the treacher-
ous weather. For three days he has
kept to his bed by order of his favorite
physician, Dr. Van Leutherold. The
Kaiser's trouble was lumbago, a form
nf illness to which he is subject, and
against which, when shooting, he takes
all possible precaution.
This hexenschuss, as lumbago is
called in Germany, takes a severer form
in the case of the Kaiser than is usual.
The aggravation is caused, the doctor
tells me, by the large appetite of his
Majesty and the consequent growing
weight of his body, which comes as a
strain on the muscles of his back. This
ability as a trencherman he inherits
from his mother's family, for his father
and grandfather were frugal eaters.
His meals consist of a petit dejeuner at
a very early hour, which includes hot
dishes and meat; at midday a very
serious dinner, with the most substan
tial dishes known to the heavy German
cuisine, light French dishes being ta
booed, and then, keeping the German
habit, another meal at 5:30 so as to give
time before going to the play, which, in
Berlin, begins at 7 or 7:30 o'clock.
When he rises early, or when he goes
The San Francisco Call.
out shooting, the Kaiser is fond of a'
couple of yolks of egg mixed with
sherry.
His Majesty's illness affected the
young Princes, who yesterday returned
to their studies in Plon. People who see
the Kaiser and his sons might imagine
him the severest of parents. In pub
lic he exacts the utmost etiquette of
rank from his sons. That is thoroughly
understood by them; but the moment
they are in private the whole scene
changes. The Kaiser is almost as great
a boy as any of them, and loves to
watch them play.
This time, however, the Kaiser was
ill, and the Princes were very much lost
and looked more than ordinarily seri
ous when taking their daily drives in
company with their tutor. This ap
pearance was accentuated by the black
suits and dark yachting caps which
they wear when they get away from
Plon. It is a great delight to the
Princes to get out of their uniforms.
CZAR'S AID DE CAMP
STABBED BY A SERVANT
Attempt Made to Assassinate General
Mauzoy, but He Is Not Seriously
Wounded.
MOSCOW, April B.— An attempt has
been made to assassinate the Czar's aid
de camp. General Mauzoy. He was
stabbed in the throat by a servant, but
the would-be assassin was overpowered.
The general's wounds are not serious.
Against Paper Money.
Special Cable to The Call and the New Tork
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
BUENOS AVERS, April -B.— President
Roca has declared that the Government
will never consent to a new issue of pa
per money, (
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, APRIL 9, 1899— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
LAWTON
MOVES UPON
THE REBELS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA. April 9. 9:35 a. m At
nightfall last night Generals Lawton
and King launched an expedition of
three gunboats with 1500 picked men
in canoes, in tow of the gunboats The
object of the expedition is to cross the
ake. capture Santa Cruz and sweep
the country to the south. B weeo
The^ expedition, which embarked at
San Pedro Matcate, consists of eight
companies of the Fourteenth Infantry
three companies of the Fourth Cavalry
four companies of the North Dakota
volunteers, four companies of the
Idaho volunteers, two mountain guns
and 200 sharpshooters of the Four
teenth Infantry. The expedition • ac
gregates 1509 men, under command -of
General Lawton.
At the mouth of the Pasig River the
men will . be transferred from the
canoes to the three gunboats. Lacuna
de Bai, Oesto and Napidan. i * a * una
Santa Cruz, the objective point of
the expedition, is at the extreme end
of the lake.
Much secrecy has surrounded this
new move and nothing as to what is
expected to be accomplished by the ex
pedition has been allowed to leak from
headquarters. The men taken are all
tried fighters and compose the flower
of the army. They have participated
in nearly every engagement since hos
tilities) began and are very eager for
the .light which ; they hope to get on
this trip. y\-
POPE LEO
CONTINUES
TO IMPROVE
But Danger Lies in Periods
.-; of Debility Which May
Cause Syncope.
THE AORTA AFFECTED
Touching Farewell Audience Grant
ed by His Holiness to Arch
** ■ yy'„y " ■-.:..- '.O-^.X'-*
bishop Ireland.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, lS9i». by James Gor
don Bennett
ROME, April The Pope has athe
romatous patches on his aorta. His
danger lies in periods of debility which
may result in syncope with an inability
to rally. His Holiness continues to im
prove. He has a good appetite, sleeps
well and takes Indoor exercise, only
awaiting till the weather allows him to
resume his visits to the garden. He
now wants several official audiences
daily.
Further particulars regarding the
farewell audience accorded Archbishop
Ireland by the Pope on Wednesday
last shows that it lasted half an hour
and was of a most cordial nature
throughout. The Pontiff strove to
prove his great esteem of the Arch
bishop and the friendly feeling he had
for him. He congratulated the Arch
bishop upon having been chosen by the
French episcopate to preach the pane
gyric of Joan of Arc on May 7 and said,
smiling sadly:
"I hope to see you again, but if God
takes me before your return remember
I have always felt a fatherly love and
interest in yourself and all American
Catholics, to whom I send .my bless
ing. '
Both the Pope and .Archbishop Ire
land were greatly affected.
CARDINAL VAUGHAN
IS NOT A CANDIDATE
LONDON, April S.— The secretary of
Cardinal Vaughan describes the report
published in the Paris Matin .that the
Cardinal was a candidate for succes
sion to the Papacy as a piece of im
pertinence and denounces the journal
that gave it birth.
"If any Cardinal should suggest him
self as a candidate." the secretary Bald
to-day. "he would be despised by all
Catholics, and his pride visited by God's
.damnation. We do not live in the mid
dle ages, when worldly ambitions
reigned and plots and conspiracies
could be carried on. The voting is now
done conscientiously and at God's In
stigation. No one can tell beforehand
who will be God's anointed to fill the
highest position in the world."
POPE LEO'S LIFE
SLOWLY EBBING AWAY
LONDON, April The Rome corre- '
; spondent of the Daily Mail says: j
"While the Pope's health has improved, j
few deny that his life is slowly ebbing i
away. Cardinal Parocchi, Bishop of '
j Porto and* Santa Rufina and vicar gen
: eral cf his Holiness, in an interview
! says that in spite of the advice of his
: physicians the Pope, if his strength will
, permit, will receive .the Sacred College
j on Tuesday and receive the congratula
; tions of that body upon the anniver
sary, of his coronation. He even intends
: to attend the service in St. Peter's on
| Friday."
STEPS FROM THE REAR
PLATFORM OF A TRAIN
Woman Passenger on the Santa Fe
Meets Death While Walking
in Her Sleep.
LOS ANGELES. April S.-Mrs. Henri
etta XV. Van Wyck of Newburg N V
a passenger on the eastbound Santa Fe
train, met a horrible death near Gallup
N. Mex., last night. She occupied a seat
in the chair car, Either she fell asleep
and started to leave the car while in a
somnambulistic state or • she believed
there was another car in the rear tn
which she desired to go. Mrs. Van Wvr
walked from the car chair, and in the
darkness stepped from the rear platform
The second section of the train, following
a short distance behind the first ran
over her body, horribly mangling it ' The
head and both ler** were severed from the
run It is presumed she was stunned
by the fall from the moving train and
was unconscious when the second section
ran over her body. The identity, of the
unfortunate woman was learned from
papers found upon her person. Train off!
cials are of the opinion that she was
walking In her sleep when she stepped
from the car. FF "
HUBER SCORES THE
DAN BURNS MACHINE
slaught upon the State Republican ma
chine made by Assemblyman Huber at
a banquet given in his honor at Azusa
last night has created much comment 'in
political circles. Huber. as one 0 ™ thoie
who favored a Senator from the South
turned his attention to the management'
of the Republican Senatorial S"
and inveighed in strongest terms against
those who dominated the party and
charged them with responsibility for tho
failure to elect a United States Sena
tor. He referred to the State Central
Committee as "a gang of pothouse poli
ticians" who pursued a rule-or-ruin nn
icy, regardless of the welfare of the pari
ty, which now finds itself face to face
with a serious contingency.
Major McLaughlin came in for sever*
criticism, it is said by those who hS
the address, and none who were at all
prominent in the councils of the ring- that
managed the machine politics at Sacra
mento were spared censure and rebuke
Hooley Not to Be Prosecuted.
NEW YORK, April 8.-A London cable
to the Sun says: The People learns that
the treasury has decided that evidence
in the case of Ernest T. Hooley. the
bankrupt speculator^ and company pro
moter, does not Justify his prosecution for
fraud. y
ACCUSE ENGLAND
OF BAD FAITH IN
SAMOAN BUSINESS
BLUEJACKETS ON GUARD AT APIA.
Copyrighted, 1899, by the Associated Press.
BERLIN, April B.— The Samoan
question continues to hold the
attention of the public, the news
papers being full of dispatches
and comment on the subject.
The Emperor has devoted much time
to the* matter and has conferred sev
eral times on the subject with the Min
ister, of Foreign Affairs, Baron yon
, Bulow.
It is "interesting to note that Ger
i m.in distrust and dissatisfaction at the
latest events are almost entirely aimed
at' Great Britain, whose attitude is de
scribed even in official circles as being
! dictated by- duplicitly and unfriendli
| ness. The press faithfully portrays
\ this feeling. The delay of Great Brit
' am, in accepting the proposals for a
settlement. of the difficulty, which the
United States Embassador. Andrew D.
[ White, attributed mainly to the ab
! sence of the Marquis of Salisbury from
London, is generally interpreted in
Germany as showing distinctly un
friendly motives upon the part of
Great Britain.
The correspondent of the Associated
Press has had an interview on the sub
ject with a high officer, who said: "It
has been a source of regret and aston
ishment that Great Britain, unlike the
United States, has not expressed regret
at the latest turn of affairs in Samoa,
while the acceptance of our peaceful
settlement has so far been coupled with
unacceptable conditions containing the
seed of new troubles and manifestly
unfair. We could not accept conditions
enabling the American and British
commissioners at any time to override
German rights, thus perpetuating the
unpleasant state of affairs in the
islands." * •
The press comment is in the same
key. but naturally it is more outspoken.
In a lengthy article the Kreuz Zeituner
charges Great Britain with mal a fides
in the whole matter, alleging that she
is trying for her own selfish purposes
to entangle the United States in hos
tilit*; with all the Continental powers
and at the' same time drag her into
a pol'-v of -c: ->ansicn. The article
concludes:..
"We say all this ' regretfully. An
honest entente with Great Britain
won 1 - be an undeniable advantage,
but, perhaps, it is well thus early to be
effectually undeceived, as it may spare
us later more -ainful surprises."
The Boersen Courier says the reason
of Great Britain's delay in assenting to
C nany's proposal was founded on
her desire to continue with the. aid of
the United Stales the policy of "spiting
Germany," and claims to fin proof of
this attitude in the London press.
which it accuses of resuming Its old
tactics of "slandering Germany and
breeding trouble between Germany and
the United States."
The Tageblatt takes Great Britain to
task for not expressing regret at the
unexpected policy of - repression in
Sam*. and regards her attitude
toward Germany as insincere.
The. Cologne Yolks ' -itung says:
DYNAMITE BLOWS
A MAN TO ATOMS
FRESNO, April B.— A frightful acci
dent occurred at Madera shortly
after 9 o'clock to-night. R. Merrill,
a bricklayer, was blown to atoms
by the explosion of a thirty-five-pound
can of dynamite. The citizens of Ma
dera were celebrating the transfer of
the Madera Flume and Irrigation Com
pany's property to a new corporation,
which has announced its intention of
making a series of extensive improve
ments in the town. Dynamite \ was
among the explosives used in the dem
onstration.
Merrill was In I the northwestern part
of -the i town, ■ near | the warehouse . of
BERLIN, April B.— An
official telegram from the
German Consul at Apia, Sa
moa, dated March 24, says
minor collisions are daily
occurring, and that the bom
bardment continues intermit
tently. ' The dispatch adds:
•'Tanu yesterday was ap
pointed King at MulinMu by
the other Consuls and com
manders. Business is at a
standstill. All the shops have
been closed since March 15."
The situation created by
the foreign warships cannot
prejudice the decision to send
a commission to Samoa. The
latest declarations of the
American and British Gov
ernments leave no doubt that
they will stand by the exist
ing treaties.
"Great Britain' oehavior in this mat
ter is symptomatic and opens an un
favorable vista for other pending ne
gotiations." _
THE BRITISH MEMBER OF
. THE SAMOAN COMMISSION
WASHING ON, April B.— The British
Government has selected G. N. O. Eliot,
C. 8., as the British member of the
joint high commission for . the settle
ment of the Samoan question. The
British Embassador, Sir Julian Paunce
fote, called at the State Department to
day and advised Secretary Hay of Mr.
Eliot's selection. Mr. Eliot is a mem
ber of the Embassy staff, and during
his brief service here has made many
frlen is. Mr. Eliot has tne reputation
of being one of the brightest lights
among that school of young English
men who have attached themselves to
British foreign service during the last
decade. He is an Orientalist of high
repute, and has in a brief space of time
acquired an experience in dealing with
the half-civilized races that wijl with
out doubt mako his services of value to
the Samoan commission.
1 Mr. Eliot was born in 1864, being the
son of Rev. E. C. Eliot of Millbrooke,
Jersey. 3 was educated first at Chel
tenham and .was elected a scholar of
Balliol College, Oxford, in 1879 and a
fellow of. Trinity College in 1884. His
diplomatic services began July 24, 1886,
When he was nominated to be an at
tache. He passed a general competitive
examination September 24, 1883, and an
other in public law in June, 1887. He
had distinguished himself during his
collegiate career, having taken the
Syrac prize and the Derby scholarship.
He was appointee, to the Embassy at
St. /Petersburg. June 29. 1887, and was
promptly granted an allowance for his
knowledge of Russian. September 28,
18SS. he was appointed to be third sec
retary of the Embassy. He was trans
ferred temporarily to Tangier, Morocco,
July 21. 1892. Here he was granted an
allowance for a knowledge of Arabic,
! Rosenthal & Co. He was sitting on a
I thirty-five-pound can of the deadly ex
plosive and touching off one stick at a
i time. Suddenly a terrific report was
heard, and a crowd gathered around
the place where Merril had last been
seen.
Pieces of the dead man's body were
found scattered within a radius of 250
yards of the place where the explosion
occurred. He had been literally blown
to pieces, and perhaps the greater por
tion of the body will never be found.
No one has yet been found who saw
the explosion, though a number saw
Merrill just before the ■ accident. From
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
! in 1892, during which year he acted as
Charge d' Affaires at Tangier. He was
transferred to the British Embassy at
itantinople in September. 1893. and
again he wae granted an allow
for knowledge of Turkish and was
promoted to be second secretary of Em
bassy June 1. 1894.
Mr. Eliot was placed in charge of the
; British ageni y at Sofia, July 21, 1895,
| and remained there until October «. He
was lie legation at Belgrave
!in 1897 and remained there for two
■ months. On Muy :.'!, LSS6, the youa«
! diplomat was mr.de a Commander of
| the Bath, an order which, it is said, is
I rarely bestowed except in cases of very
conspicuous service to the crown. Mr.
Eliot was transferred to "Washington
from Constantinople November 1 last,
and in the absence nf Mr. Tower ha 3
taken a leading part in the manage
ment of the affairs of the Embassy.
ENGLISH VERSION OF
GERMANY'S OBSTINACY
Copyrighted, ISO?, by the Associated Press.
LONDON. April B.— The unraveling of
the Samoan entanglement is followed with
keen interest here, especially in colonial
circles. Germany's obstinancy. as her at
titude is termed here, from the beginning
of the troubles is regarded as -'Incom
prehensible," and is said to be only ex
plained by a desire to get the upper hand
in the islands. 'This view is expressed
by a colonial expert, who, writing to the
Morning Post, says:
"For some reason never yet explained
Germany regards Samoa as an important
link in her foreign policy. Rather than
give up Samoa the Germans would go to
war. No doubt Germany has not for
gotten what a prize Heligoland ' has
proved, and the German Chancellor pos
sibly anticipates a more important deal
if. he can only get possession of Samoa.
The newspapers point out the growing
importance of Samoa to New Zealand and
the significance of the latter's offer to
send volunteers to Samoa."
The alleged interview with * United
States Embassador White published in
the Munich Allegemaine Zeitung (cabled
to the Associated Press on Friday after
noon) has attracted attention, but the
utterances attributed to Mr. White are
not generally credited. The Morning
Post editorially says: "The. sentiments
ascribed to Mr. White are plainly colored
by the prevailing tone of dissatisfaction
with Great Britain existing in Germany
on the subject. We cannot be misled by
the complexion of the interview into be
lieving that Mr. White has discovered in
fluences in England which tend against
his ideal of the fraternization of Great
Britain, America and Germany, which
we frankly adopt."
'The Morning Post concludes: "No
United States diplomatist could have dis
covered the circumstance in the tone al
leged by the Munich Allegemaine Zeitung
of Mr. White." y, *, -y^y „
The Spectator, which thinks that pre
posterous importance" has been given the
whole affair, says: "Great Britain only
needs a coaling station, if she needs that.
But we must vigorously support Ameri
can claims, and the business will be te
dious and expensive."
MEANS CLOSER RELATIONS.
Snecal Cable- to The Call and the New York
. Herald. Copyrighted, 1559. by James Gor
don Bennett. ',"'■.'
BERLIN. April B.— Embassador White's
long audience with the Kaiser on Friday
and his Majesty's marked cordiality are
much commented on in diplomatic cir
cles It is generally accepted as leading
to much closer relations between the two
countries. - "
the recklessness with which he handled
the dynamite it is supposed that he
was partly under the influence of
liquor. The explosion was probably
caused by the concussion produced by
the exploding of one of the sticks which
he had set off. It is possible that after
igniting the fuse attached to the stick
which he held in his hand he failed to
throw it away soon enough and the
dynamite exploded in his hand, causing
the explosion of that in the can on
which he was sitting.
Merrill was well known both in Ma
dera and Fresno. He had a wife and
three children. At the time of his death
, he was working in Madera2
REVELATIONS
IN THE CASE
OF DREYFUS
Figaro's Publication of Evi
dence Causes a Sensa- -
tion at Paris.
GENERAL STIFF'S IRE
Publishers of the Enterprising
Newspaper Fined Heavily by
the Correctional Court.
Copyrighted, IS-9. by the Associate.: Press.
LONDON, April S.— The Figaro's
revelations in the publication of the
evidence presented to the Court of Cas
sation in the Dreyfus case is the sen
sation of Paris and has renewed the
keenest interest in the Dreyfus affair.
The Dreyfusites are highly pleased
with the publication of the ..ions,
which, in fact, are apparently approved
by the whole mass of sober opinion in
France. The Figaro's bold step is par
ticularly interesting, as last year its
editor unexpectedly championed Drey
fus, with the result that the paper lost
a great number of subscribers and the
proprietors removed the editor from his
post.
The Figaro has now taken a step
which has drawn upon it the formid
able hostility of the general staff of the
War Office, which desired secrecy, and
whose reputation is grievously damaged
by the publication of the depositions,
in which there are evidences that the
War Department engineered different
trials, influenced witnesses and had the
intention of preventing the exculpation
of Dreyfus, though the motive of the
War Department in so doing still re
mains obscure.
The depositions show that both M.
Cavaignac, the former Minister of War,
and General Roget. who restated the
whole of the general staff case, failed
to produce any direct evidence against
Dreyfus.
The testimony of Examining Magis
trate Bertulus was very damaging. He
declared plainly his opinion that Col
onel Paty dv Clam and Major Count
Esterhazy are the guilty men.
PARIS, April B.— The revelations
made by the Figaro in publishing the
testimony furnished to the Court of
Cassation in the Dreyfus case, came
before the Correctional Court this
afternoon, when the two members of
the paper, MM. Rodez and Borel. were
sentenced, in default, to 500 francs fine
and costs tor publishing the testimony.
SENSATIONAL EVIDENCE
GIVEN BY GEN. MERCIER
PARI?. Apr-;' S.— The Figaro, con
tinuing its publication of the evidence
before the Court of Cassation in the
Dreyfus case, prints the testimony of
General Mercier, former.; Minister of
War, and General Biliot, who formerly
held the same portfolio.
The latter said that the : War Ofiice
secured in April, 159., from a -person
indicated by M. Cavaignac, a document
containing' the words "Cettey canaille
deD'-c-r-D " ami a letter-showing a
leakage from the Ministry and .ting
that plans of the fortifications at Nice
had been, given to a foreign power.
Soon afterward other information was
received, showing that the traitor was
in the second bureau.- -
The bordereau, received in -em
ber, enabled the authorities to com
mence an investigation. The bordereau
was given to Colonel Henry, who
showed it to General Sandherr, General
Gonz and General de. Boisdeffre. and
lastly to General Mercier. The re
semblance in the writing to that of
Dreyfus was striking. .General Mercier
informed the Pre.--.dent. and M. Dupuy,
who approved' of the investigation. M.
Gobert, the expert charged with the
nation, first thought there was a
resemblance in the writing of the bor
dereau and that of Dreyfus, and asked
the name of the author of the bor
dereau. When this was refused M.
Gobert declined to make a renort, and
the document was then shown to M.
Bertillon, who pronounced the hand
writing the same. General - ieffre
then selected Major Paty dv Clam to
make the preliminary Investigation,
which led to the arrest of Dreyfus.
He questioned Dreyfus, who admitted
the resemblance, ing, "They have
stolen my handwriting."
On another occasion he said, referring
to two foreign military attaches: "Ah.
I would like to plunge my poniard into
their breasts."
M. Mercier refused to answer ques
tions concerning the communication of
the secret documents to the court-mar
tial, saying that the revision proceed
ings were limited to Colonel Henry's
forgery and the opinions of experts,
who declared that it was impossible
that Esterhazy could have been the
author of the bordereau as he could not
have obtained all the documents. On
other points General Mender's testi
mony was the same as that given by
M. Roget.
LONDON. April 9.— The Observer this
morning states that Comte Esterhazy
voluntarily told the proprietress of that
paper late Inst autumn that he wrote
the bordereau under orders from.Gen
eral Officer Sandherr, .On subsequent
occasions, the Observer • says, he re
peated this, and added that Dreyfus did
not write the bordereau. '-.'.
On the- occasion ' -hazy said the
bordereau* produced. was a tracing from
the original document, and that some
indistinct words had been retraced by
another hand.
FARCICAL CONTENTIONS
OF CUBAN GENERALS
HAVANA, April B.— The generals have
not officially notified General Gomez of his
reinstatement to the command of the
Cuban army. Barolome Masso and Mayia
Rodriguez have been named as members
of the executive advisory board. The
wrangling over the naming of the third
member continues.
Some of the Cuban generals who are not
actively in command of rorccs met in
formally at the Hotel Ingleterra last
night and protested against the action of
the other Cuban generals, declaring that
they, as generals, had as much right to
assist in the deliberations and to be
heard as those in actual command of
forces. The other generals insist that
only commanders of forces have a right to
take action. y ■•'-, -"■>;* ... , .*-
The whole matter has assumed a far
cical aspect. The scoffers express doubt
that any concerted action will be taken,
but to-morrow will probably determine
the matter.
Hayden in the Arena.
SAN RAFAEL. April B.— At a meeting
of Court Rafael, Foresters of America, E.
J. Haiden was selected as delegate to
POWELL TELLS OF
HIS BEEF PROCESS
WASHINGTON, April B.— The
army court of inquiry into the
beef supplied to the army decid
ed to-day to adhere to its decis
ion not to call the list of wit
nesses submitted by General Miles. The
reading of the official reports was con
cluded.
Alexander Powell, the owner of the
beef process of which so much has been
said, was heard at the forenoon session.
He gave many details concerning his
invention, and stated that he made an
agreement with Armour & Co. to have
them use the process in case they could
secure the Government contract. He
state!, however, that Swift & Co. had
not had the use of it.
General Shafter probably will testify
early next week, and the outlook is for
the closing of testimony by Saturday
next.
Powell testified that he had been a
dealer in meats in New York for the
past twenty-five years. He explained at
some length that he was the sole owner
of the Powell process for preserving
fresh meats without the use of ice; that
the formula was a .secret, and that it
was not patented because so eminently
simple. He. declared emphatically that
neither boracic or salyclic acid were
used in the process, "nor," he added, "is
there any injection or immersion, in
chemicals. The process is supplied by
fumigation." ■
There would be no smell except that
of sulphur for a half hour or so alter the
application, nor would any taste be no
ticeable. Mr. Powell gave the particulars
of his treatment of a car of Armour's
beef which was sent to camp in the
spring of IS9S. When he heard that the
contract was to be given by the Gov
ernment he had reached the conclusion
that the Government ought to have the
use of the process, and he had -written to
the President and General Eagan ask
ing when he should apply to have tne
process used. ; -- "•' - : '■■■.'
General Eagan replied, saying the de
partment was not engaged in purchasing
any process, but that lt could only deal
with those who would supply the meat
and guarantee that i*. should keep.
Powell said the process was applied to
a car of six carcasses of beef at Chicago
owned by Armour & Co. He had made
the arrangement with Mr. Connors, the
superintendent of Armour & Co., agree
ing that they should have the preference
in the use of the process for the use of the
Government. The carcasses were taken
to Tampa the latter part of May last, and
Colonel Weston secured four of the car
casses, exposing them in the sun for about
eighty hours. It was after this exposure
that Colonel Weston of the commissary
department made his report, which was
commendatory. ...
Powell said later that not to his knowl
edge had Armour & Co used the process
during the war; nor had It ever been used
by any one except himself. There were,
however, other beef preservative pro
cesses In the market.
"Does your process resemble the em
balming process at all?" asked Major Lee.
"Not in the least." replied Mr. Powell.
"But I see no reason why It could not be
so used— why human bodies couid not be
pres-rved by its use. However, there is
no resemblance to the embalming pro
cess."
Mr. Powell said he had known of hotels
in which beef prepared by him had been
used for the past five years, and in which
it gave the best satisfaction. He had
been shipping to the Comte dv Barry for
rer r e? ent the court at the annual session
of the Grand Court in Santa Clara during
the first week of May. He will be a can
didate before the Grand Court for su
preme representative at the Supreme
Court Foresters of America, to be held
in Detroit, .Mich., In the last week of
August, i , ' ,
AUCKLAND EDITOR HERE,
W. J. Geddis Tells of Political Condi-
tions in New Zealand.
W. J. Geddis, proprietor and editor of
the Auckland Observer, one of the prin- •
cipal newspapers in New Zealand, is a
guest at the California! having arrived
on Friday, on. his' way to Europe. In an j
interview Mr. : Geddis --aid:
"The British Government has aban
doned the mail route to the colonies, via
Vancouver, and intends to establish a
through fortnightly service by way of
this port as soon as the three steamers ;
which are to be built by the John D. ■
Spreekels & Bros. Company have been :
completed. The question of an increased
subsidy to the Oceanic Steamship Com
pany will be taken up at the next meet
ing of Parliament.
"In regard to our political affairs there |
are two parties in New Zealand, the Rad
ical Liberal, which has been in power for
the last nine years, and the Conservative
Liberal. The first is under the leadership
of Premier R. J. Won, and the second
has Captain W. Russell at its head. We
are on the eve of an election, and extra
ordinary efforts are being made by the
Conservatives to assume power. Ims is
likely to be accomplished, as the Radicals
have given the people a great deal of ex
perimental legislation which has proved
unsatisfactory. One law which has met
with disapproval is the compulsory con
ciliation and arbitration law, which has
had the effect of terrorizing employers.
Upon complaint of an employe the sec
retary of the labor union to which he
belongs can invite a meeting of three
employers in the same line of business
as the one complained of. and also three
workmen. This is called the conciliation
committee," and should they fail to come
to a satisfactory understanding the
grievance is then submitted to an arbi
tration committee composed of one em
ployer one workman and the Judge of
the Supreme Court, and finally adjudi
cated. This has tended to harass the
industrial conditions and disturb labor,
and where before the passage of the law
there was one complaint there are now
thirty or more. It is the intention to re
vise the law and make it more equitable.
"Another law passed by the Radicals
was that providing for the payment of
pensions to aged poor. On account of the
necessity of pleading poverty in public to
receive the benefits of the law, which
gives eighteen pounds sterling a year
to persons over 65 years of age, under
certain conditions, it has prevented de
serving people who are averse to publish
ing their misfortunes from participating
in the pensions.
"Woman suffrage has been given a
trial also under varying conditions of
success, and all these propositions may
conspire to change the party in power at
the coming election."
.■ ♦ «
FELIX GROSS ARRESTED.
Well-Known Coal Dealer Charged
With Cruelty to Animals.
The heavy hand of the law has again
fallen upon Felix Gross, the well-known
coal dealer. He was arrested yesterday
morning for cruelty to animals. He does
considerable- hauling and the officers of
the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Animals are consequently in receipt of
complaints of citizens who witness the
abut- of Gross' horses. Nearly -very
day, according to the statements of many
people. Gross' teams get stuck on the
ste;*p grades in consequence of the wag
ons 1 ting overloaded. Furthermore, the
hr,:ses always seem to be weak and unlit
to work.
Yc-terdav morning Secretary Hoi brook
and Officers Hooper and McCurry wen
tt Gio-b stables on Ninth street, near
Harrison, about the time the teamsters
were getting ready to harness up. An in
spection of a dozen stalls showed that
half of the horses were unfit to labor in
consequence of being overworked. Six
were taken from work ami the owner
was- arrested for cruelty to animals Sec
retary" Holbrook states that this is the
third time that Gross has been arrested
for 'the same offense, but -in mo.-*t in
stance: -he has managed to escape KC-ri
c:? I unishment through his boasted
"pull in the Police Courts.
Yosemite Valley,
Via Inspiration Point, now open for tour
ists. Roads in excellent condition. .low
ls the time to see Yosemite. Stages run
dally. Sleeping car to Raymond com
mencing April 9. Office S. P. Co.. 613 Mkt.*
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 9, 1899.
WILL BEEF TRUST
GET MILES' SCALP?
• ■.--■.-. ■..■ ■ - .
According to the Chicago Inter
Ocean the Genera! May Be
Court=Martia!ed.
CHICAGO, April B.— A Washington special to the Inter Ocean
says: The Court of Inquiry will And that General Miles was un
warranted in his charges regarding the treatment of men in the field
by the administration. It .will then rest with the President to de
cide whether Miles shall be disciplined for his slander as well as his
insubordination.
Some of the President's advisers are urging him not to postpone
the inevitable longer. These advisers are not politicians, but business
men who have the success of the administration at heart and think
the President has brought the whole beef scandal upon the adminis
tration by his leniency toward Miles, who should have been court
martialed last September when he. 'came back from Porto Rico with
a chip on his shoulder seeking issue with the President by showing
insubordination. They believe the President cannot afford to longer
delay firmly meeting the issue, raised by. Miles, and he must show
who is commander-in-chief. Miles has been allowed to bring re
proach upon the Government and cause incalculable injury to a great
business" interest by baseless slander, and a number of the President's
influential advisers in business circles are urging him to stop this
scandalous business by ordering General Miles before a court-martial
as soon as he is in possession of the report of the Court of Inquiry.
The President is much perplexed over the situation, for while he
believes Miles has basely slandered the Government, he hesitates to
make the general a martyr. The martyrdom of General Boulanger
of France has been called to his attention to show him that martyrs
to foolish ambition and exaggerated vanity are short-lived as a cause
to win the sympathy of the people or conceal from them the truth.
ten years, and he would have no other
beef. - <•....-.
He had only a verbal contract with Ar
mour & Co., but the understanding was
that if that firm got the contract they
were to have the exclusive 1 control of the
process during the continuation of that
contract only. He was to have 50 cents
per hundred for its about $200 per
carload. He had not attempted to make
arrangements with Swift & Co, the suc T
cessful bidders at the time, but after the
battle of Santiago had written to Mr.
Swift on the subject, furnishing him a
piece of beef that had been treated. Noth
ing, however, had come of it.
Powell said he made no claim that his
process would not discolor beef. Any pro
cess would cause a change in appearance.
After the use of his process beef would
look like meat that had been in cold stor
age for two weeks, darkening the grain
and bleaching the fat. There would be
a smell of sulphur for an hour, as sul
phur was one of the articles used in the
fumigation.
The witness said that refrigerated meat
which had not been kept cool enough
would look slimy and be dark or gray.
He considered it impossible to keep fresh
meat for seventy-two hours after
TAMMANY FAVORS
CITY GAS PLANT
Result of Rumblings in
the West.
CROKER FIGURES IT ALL OUT
"•j -..- -. *> -. y '."■'-■'.-■■■ ■■■'./■:-■■'■. _■■* ■.':'-':
SAYS THERE IS MONEY IN GAS
AT 70 CENTS.
Thinks New York Could Make a
Profit of Six Millions a Year
by Investing About Twenty
Millions.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April B.— lt developed
to-day that Tammany Hall at its meet
ing Friday night adopted resolutions
favoring the construction of a munici
pal gas plant for Greater New York.
This is taken as evidence that Richard
Croker has heard the rumblings from
the recent campaigns in the West,
where municipal ownership was made
the issue in the mayoralty contests in
Chicago, Cleveland and Toledo, and
that he is laying plans to make public
ownership of quasi public utilities an
issue in the national campaign next
year. ->.".'
Mr. Croker was asked to-night re
garding the significance of Tammany's
action. He said:
"I believe that the city makes a profit
of $7,000,000 a year out of the water sup
ply system. I don't know of any reason
why the city should not make as much
out of a gas plant. The city could build
a plant for $20,000,000 and could make a
profit of 56,000,000 a year, selling gas at
70 cents per 1000 feet. The Democrats
will carry this fight to a finish, and it
will at least result in showing what the
position of Republicans on the question
of cheap gas is. Why, if they must have
investigations, do they not investigate
their own position in regard to gas?
"If a city can supply gas and water
it can supply transportation to its citi
zens. These are great- questions which
must be met and solved, and the Demo
crats propose to meet and solve them."
Asked whether the national conven
tion would take up the question of gov
ernmental control of great interstate
utilities, such as railroads, telegraph
lines, pipe lines, etc.. Croker refused
to commit himself further than to say
he had no doubt the convention would
be controlled by men having the public
weal at heart, who would draw, up a
platform in the public interest, and if
they decided public ownership was gen
erally desirable would indorse it. ■
LOSE THEIR LIVES
IN UMPQUA RIVER
Fish Commissioner McGuire and
State Senator Reed of Oregon
Drowned.
ROSEBURG, Or., April B.— News
reached here this 'afternoon that State
Fish Commissioner H. I">. McGuire and
State Senator A. W. -Reed of Douglas
County. ; were drowned to-day In the
Umpqua River. This forenoon Senator
Reed, McGuire and W. F. Hubbard of
Stone, Or., started down the North
Umpqua in a small boat, their objective
point being. the junction of the North and
South Umpqua. six miles . below Win
chester. They left orders here for a
wagon to meet them on the road about
4 p. m. anywhere above their objective
point.
Liveryman ' Barker went down four
leaving the refrigerator without a
preservative process, • and he was
of the opinion that any agreement
to keep it so long in the climate
of Cuba after taking it out of the- re
frigerator must : involve some preservative
process. He thought if thoroughly frozen
it would keep for from twelve to twenty
hours, and not longer.
Captain George B. Davis, who was Gen
eral- Eagan's assistant in the commissary
general's office during the war, was re
called to give testimony concerning a
shipment of canned beef to the troops at
Dunn Loring, Va. He said many cans of
the canned beef had been opened in the
office and he had never found any that
contained unwholesome meat.
Before concluding Captain Davis asked
perm:- to make a brief statement in
response to Mr. de Caindry. He said
that his charge of the files of the com
missary general's office was only per- ;
functory and that he had a search made
for the memoranda which Mr. de Caindry :
dry had reported a.-- missing and found
one of them. He had never removed any
papers from the files.
The reading of the reports of officers ;
was then proceeded with by Major Lee.
They all condemned the beef.
miles below Winchester, where he met
Hubbard, who said they had passed
safely through one rapid, and before they
wrre aware of It they were close to an- ;
other. In their efforts to avoid it an oar- !
lock broke.. The ; waves were high and :
the boat m .is imped. - McGuire struck ;
out for shore. Hubbard saw Reed on the
overturned boat, hut a moment later both.
Reed and McGuire had disappeared. a -
A large force of men left here this
evening to look for the bodies.
Jury in the Murdock Case.
WILLOWS, April S.— The -Murdock case
is now Teady for actual ; trial and the tak
ing of Evidence will begin on Monday at
2 o'clock'. -The jury was completed at noon
to-day. ;^The following' are the names of
the Trteit"who have" the/ disposition of a
thirdJ.Qf a million- dollars in their hands:
F. X.'-de ; Jarlais, Silvester Mapes. C.-M.
Sehorn, Isaac Miner. C. A. F. Vestner', I.
M. Neideffer, W. L. .Grinstead. G. B.
Wright. A. F. Harder, J. G. Carmichael.
Albert Emerald and T. B. Drake.
FEMALE FOOTPADS HELD.
The Two Women Who Robbed Henry
Hock Sent to the Superior Court."
Bessie Bond and Gertrude Heightler,
the two young women who held up and
robbed Henry Hock, brewer, 1224 Turk
street, early Wednesday morning as- he
was about to enter his residence, were
yesterday held to ' answer before the
Superior -Court by Judge Mogan on a
charge of grand larceny in $2000 bonds
each.
The women lived in the Avondale House
on Ellis street and made the defense that
they went out to the locality of Turk and
Webster streets to search for Gertrude's
father, who was ■ supposed to have
changed his residence. The Judge said he
did not believe- the story and was satis
fied that they deliberately robbed Hock
of his money. .
CHINESE AND JAPANESE FIGHT
Hostilities were resumed between the
Chinese and Japanese Friday night and
Judge Mogan was called upon to arbitrate
in the matter yesterday morning.
From the evidence it appeared that Ed
ward Lee, Tern Ling and two other Amer
icanized Chinese who attend the Wash
ington-street Grammar School, were
walking along Post street abreast, and at
Union square two Japanese broke their
line..' This enraged the Chinese and there
was a fight, during which it was alleged
one of the Chinese drew a knife. Lee and
Ling were arrested for battery, the com
plaining witness being Rokusaburo Ka
wara, and the Judge convicted Lee and
ordered him to appear for sentence to
morrow.
Not an Embezzler.
Judges Dunne. Cook- and Lawlor, sitting
in bank on Friday, dismissed the charge
of embezzlement against I. H. Herold,
who was found guilty in the Police Court.
The defendant appealed the case, and
when the matter was 'properly laid be
fore "the Superior Judges they found that
Herold was innocent of -wrongdoing.
L. H. Shearer, a jeweler at 22 Mason
street, was the prosecuting witness. He
charged Herold with .having fraudulently
obtained a pair of bracelets from his store
and had hira arrested. Herold was em
ployed by Shearer at' the time, and as. he
proved that he came into possession of
the bracelets lawfully the charge against
him was dismissed accordingly. Herold
now intends filing suit against Shearer to
recover damages for defamation of char
acter and false imprisonment.
Want Sewers for Sunnyside.
The following resolution was passed
last evening at a mass meeting of citi
zens of Sunnyside, held in the open at
the corner of Congo street and Hearst
avenue: ■■■■•■
"Resolved. Th"at : we. the citizens of
Sunnyside, in mass-meeting assembled
condemn the action of the Sunnysiue
Land Company in obtaining signatures
to the protest against sewers; and be it
further
"Resolved, That we who signed the
said protest did so under compulsion and
under misrepresentation of facts; and we
ectfuly request the honorable Board
of. Supervisors to proceed with the ob
taining of bids for. the said sewers and
for the grading of Hearst avenue."*
The Outside Watchman.
When the appointed grand officers were
first announced at the recent session of
the Grand Lodge of the Ancient Order
of United Workmen, the name of C. E
Yale was first given as that of the grand
outside watchman. Subsequently that
name was withdrawn and the name ot
C. T. Spencer was substituted.
ROYAL ROMANCE
WILL CULMINATE
Princess Victoria to Wed
Prince George.
LOVE MATCH OF COUSINS
OVERNORSEIP OF CRETE GIVES
THE YOUNG _lAN A FUTURE.
Will Win the Hand of Wales' Second
: Daughter, Who Has Been
Wooed by Many Weil-
Known Men.
Special Cable to The- Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
LONDON, April The royal ro
mance of the Princess Victoria of
Wales and her cousin. Prince George
of Geece, which has been talked about
for years, will, it is whispered, culmi
nate shortly in the announcement of
their engagement.
It has been generally said in society
circles for some years past that the
Princess was very much in love with
her tall, stalwart cousin, but that he,
fearing that" he had very little to offer,
did not care to press his suit until his
recent appointment as Governor of
Crete gave him assurances for the fu
ture, which he had so long desired. It
was rumored at one time that Lord
Rosebery aspired to the hand of Prin
cess Victoria, and some sensational
journals even went so far as to say
that William Waldorf Aster was a
suitor for the hand of the second
daughter of the Prince of Wales. The
Princess is very domestic in her tastes
and has been a close companion of her
much beloved mother, the Princess of
Wales.
The matter, it is understood, was dis
cussed by the Queen and members of
her family at Cimiez recently, where,
talking of the royal family, the curious
rumor is current that the Pope has ex
pressed an earnest desire of bestowing
the Golden Rose on Queen Victoria.
This gift is a personal prerogative of
the Pope, and is usually given to nota
ble Christian women of royal birth. It
might be mentioned that her Majesty
arid her consort, the late Prince Al
bert, were at one time on very inti
mate terms with Pope Leo XIII during
a long visit which he paid to England
at the time when he was Papal Nuncio
at Brussels. He was a guest of the
Queen and the Prince Consort, who be
came much attached to him.
Nolthenius Must Pay.
SAN RAFAEL, April John Nolthe
nlus of 1763 Stockton street. San Fran
cisco, was represented at yesterday's ses
sion of the Board of Supervisors by At
torney J. W. Cochrane, who petitioned
the board to compromise on money due
the county on the bonds of Henry Young,
the alleged fire fiend of Tlburon. When
Young fled to avoid trial Nokhenius paid
his $500 into the county treasury, but Al
bert Wolchow of Alameda, the other
bondsman, placed a homestead on his
property and refused to pay. As it was a
joint bond a demand was made on the
Stockton street butcher for the $500 still
due. His petition was that the board
should compromise for half that sum, but
the petition was refused. Attorney Coch
rane probably will fight the case for Nol
theriiug and the county may lose all.
Yuma Indians Quiet.
LOS ANGELES, April B.— United States
Marshal Osborne and his deputies left
Yuma this morning. They expected
trouble at the Yuma Indian reservation
over the answer of Patrick Miguel, son
of ex-Chief Miguel, but it was averted.
Young Miguel is at San Bernardino,
where he will be examined by the United
States Commissioner.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Spring Humors
of the Blood
It doesnt make any difference whether yoa
believe in the modern theory and speak of the
cause of diseases as referable to germs, microbes
or bacilli, or whether you use the older and better understood
terms of "humors" and "blood diseases" — Hood's Sarsaparilla
cures them all JUST THE SAME. It cures those eruptions,
boils and pimples which are so likely to appear in the Spring;
cures scrofulous diseases in their most tenacious forms; cures >
salt rheum or eczema and relieves the dreadful itching and burn-
ing; cures all stomach troubles due to generally weak condition
and thin, anaemic blood; cures debility and that tired feeling,
which just as surely indicate that the blood is lacking in
vitality and the elements of health. This is not merely modern
theory but it is solid, up-to-date fad. You undoubtedly need
a good Spring Medicine. Get Hood's Sarsaparilla today.
Hood's Fills cure liver ;^he_non : Mating ari^only cathartic to take with
Hood s Sarsaparilla, America's Greatest Spring Medicine y the Best thatMone_^~R^
' .** -r ~jrZJLi
HOME RULE
YET THE KEYNOTE
Nationalists Carry Irish
Elections.
UNIONISM SNOWED UNDER
—
CANDIDATES HAD VAIN HOP 3
OF APATHY.
Men on the Home Rule Ticket Swept
Conservative Districts of Ulster,
and Carried Leinster and
Co*_naught.
. *
Special Dispatch to The Call. *:-;
NEW TORK, March 9.— A Dublin ca
ble to the World says: Though the
unity conference held here Tuesday to
end the dissension in the Irish parties
has, if not actually failed, at least hung
fire, the attachment of the Irish peo
ple to home rule remains undiminished.
In elections for the newly established
county councils, just held throughout
Ireland, home rule candidates swept
Munster, Leinster and Connaught,
while even in the most conservative
districts of Ulster the Nationalists ob
tained notable successes.
In three Nationalist provinces the
Unionist candidates stood in every
county reckoning on the apparently
apathetic condition of political feeling
following the factionist dissensions to
enable them to secure a larger repre
sentation, if not control, of some of the
most important new county boards.
But, except in isolated cases where on
personal grounds Unionists were elected
unopposed, they have been overwhelm-
ingly defeated.
The policy of importing politics into
these elections was denounced by John
Redmond and his friends, who argued
that toleration should be shown to
Unionists, who should be accorded fair
representation as the best way of
starting new bodies on their career.
Dillon, on the contrary, recommended
that no quarter be given to the enemies
of home rule until home rule is at
tained.
Among the most notable of the de
feated Unionists are Lord Castletown,
Lord Mayo, Marquis of Ormonde, Earl
of Rosse and Lord Langford, all of
whom stood in their own counties.
There they have extensive properties
and under the county government sys
tem recently! abolished they * virtually
had the nomination of government
bodies.
Lord Frederick Fitzgerald, uncle of
the Duke of Leinster, defeated the Na
tionalist candidate by a narrow major
ity at Maynooth, which is owned by the
Fitzgerald family, and Lord Castleross
won a seat in Killarney, where his
property is situated.
The result of Lord Dunraven's con
test is not yet declared, but it is be
lieved to be very close.
Only 60 per cent of the full vote was
polled" throughout Ireland, but the Na
tionalist victory Is so decisive that the
London Times confesses: "So far as
local government is concerned Union
ism has ,been annihilated in Munster
and Connaught, almost totally extir
pated in Leinster anti badly wounded
even in Ulster." -':••- ** -
Yesterday's Insolvents.
Petitions in insolvency were filed yester
day In the United States District Court
as follows: William M. Allen, cabinet
maker. Red Bluff: liabilities. $1442, assets,
$1300. Effie M. Brewer. Yreka: liabilities,
$2425; assets. $500. Manuel S. Nevis. Sac
ramento; liabilities, $7152; assets, $1750. -
FRESH EVIDENCE
OF ECCENTRICITY
Princess of Wales Gets
Gossips Talking.
JOURNEYS TO COPENHAGEN
LEAVES THE ROYAL YACHT
WITHOUT A WORD.
Weak Official Explanation for Her
Hasty and Unexpected De
parture From the Port
of Rome.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW York, April B.— World cable
from London says: The sudden journey
of the Princess of Wales from Civita
Vecchia, Port of Rome, to Copenhagen,
has set gossips' tongue freely wagging.
It was a most eccentric performance,
like her flight from Cowes last season,
and was undertaken too hurriedly to
admit of any official explanation being
provided.
She started at a moment's notice, ac
{ companied only by her maid and a cou
j rier, leaving her two daughters, Prin-
I cess Christian of- Denmark and Princess
! Victoria, on board the royal yacht Os
! borne without informing them whether
she intended to return or not.
According to one story current in
1 high society at Riviera the Princess of
I Wales' performance is merely a fresh
! manifestation of an eccentricity which
has been rapidly developing of late.
taking form, as a rule, in extreme rest
• lessness. It is pointed out that her
i sister the Duchess of Cumberland, has
! been for many years periodically men
. tally unstrung.
On the other hand gossip from Copen
: hagen has it that old King Christian
I since the Queen's death has been stead
' ily falling under the influence of a
i Russian lady in waiting to the late
1 Queen and the Princess was summoned
'■ by the Dowager Empress of Russia to
rescue her father from the tolls of this
lady.
The fact that the only attempt at an
official explanation of the Princess' un
i expected appearance at the Danish
| canital is that she desired to congratu
! late King Christian personally on his
; birthday only adds to the mystery of
; the whole affair. ,
MEIKLEJOHN KNIGHTED
BY KING OSCAR
The Assistant Secretary of War Can-
not Accept the Title, but
Will Keep the Jewel.
CHICAGO, April The Times-Herald's
Washington special says: King Oscar of
Sweden has conferred knighthood upon
George D. Meiklejohn, Assistant Secretary
of War, and has decorated him with the
insignia of the Royal Order of the Sword.
Secretary Meiklejohn is barred by the
constitution of the United States from ac
cepting the knighthood, but he will retain
the jewel which the Swedish monarch
sent with the patent.
During the war with Spain Mr. Meikle
john, while acting as Secretary of War,
was visited by Minister A. Grip, repre
senting Sweden and Norway, who asked
permission for attaches of his Majesty's
army to accompany the American forces
through the Cuban and Porto Rican cam
paigns. The necessary permission was
readily issued and credentialed to the for
eign officers, who accompanied the Min
ister, and it is presumed King Oscar has
conferred the knightly honor on the Amer
ican in recognition of this courtesy.FIRE DESTROYS A
COUNTY HOSPITAL
One Patient Perishes
in the Flames.
DISASTER AT VIRGINIA CITY
NARROW ESCAPE OF MANY
SICK PERSONS.
Joseph Rich, After Having Been Res
cued, Loses His Life in an At
tempt to Save His Per
sonal Effects.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VIRGINIA CITY, April B.— The
County Hospital was destroyed by fire
at 1 o'clock this morning, and one man
perished in the flames. The unfortun
ate was Joseph Rich. When the fire
was discovered he escaped from the
building, but it is supposed that he
returned to save some of his pergonal
effects and was overcome by the smoke
and flames. He was not missed, and
until his body, burned to a crisp, was
found in the ruins this afternoon it j
was believed that all of the inmates of
the building had escaped.
The hospital is about a mile from I
town, and when the Fire Department
arrived the two-story wooden building
was a seething furnace, the dames
-shooting hundreds of feet into the air. j
There were thirty-five patients at the i
institution, and it was with difficulty
that all but Rich were saved. Several
are feeble-minded, and Steward Eckley
was compelh-d t-> use force in getting
them out, as they refused to lend as- >
sistance and endeavored to get back
into the building.
There were many narrow escapes, and
a number of the patients saved only
the clothing they had on their backs.
Shortly after the flames were discov
ered an explosion occurred which scat
tered fire through the building and
knocked down several persons on the
outside. seriously injuring James
Mathews and burning Annie Nelson
about the face and hands.
The Sisters' Convent, which has been
closed for some time, was thrown open
for the reception of hospital patients,
and they were given temporary shelter
there.
PRESIDENT NAMES
WEST POINT CADETS
Ten Young Men Entitled to Enter the
United States Military
Academy.
WASHINGTON, April The President
has appointed the following cadets at
larpe to West Point, to enter the class be
ginning June next:
Lewis Turtle, District of Columbia, eon of the
late Major Thomas Turtle, •.•-.■a of Engineers.
John McClayton, Kansas.
Thomas P. Bernard, District of Columbia,
brother of Lieutenant Bernard, Fourth United
States Infantry, killed in the charge at El
Canev, and son of Brevet Brigadier General R.
F. Bernard. U. S. A., retired.
Charles F. Severson, Illinois, served with
Company A. Thirty-first Michigan Volunteer
Jnfantry during the war with Spain, son of
udge Severson of Chicago.
Otho E. Mlohaelis. sergeant Light Battery A,
Second United States Artillery, son of the late
Major O. E. Mlchaells, Ordnance Department.
Charles H. Mason of Ohio, son of the late
Brevet Brigadier General Edwin C. Mason,
Third United States Infantry.
William M. Nichols of California, son of the
Right Rev. William F. Nichols, Bishop of
California.
Henry S. Kilbourne, Wisconsin, son of Major
11. S. Kilbourne, surgeon. United States -army,
late United States surgeon. Second Division,
Second Army Corps.
Pennock. Rogers, Maryland, son of Major XX.
P. Rogers, Twentieth United States Infantry,
now serving with his regiment In the Philip
pine Islands.
Frank H. Phipps Jr., Pennsylvania, son of
Lieutenant Colonel F. H. Phil Ordnance
Department. ,
Alternates:
Albert more, Maryland
Curtis R. Carpenter, son of the late Captain
William 1.. Carpenter, Ninth United States In
fantry.
Hugh M. Walker. Georgia.
Talmadge Breerton, son of Captain J. J.
Breerton, Twenty-fourth United States Infan
ts. - ■
••
Bad News From Macedonia.
LONDON, April The Telegraph's
Vienna correspondent says: Most unfa
vorable news has been recived in official
quarters from Macedonia. The insurrec
tionary feeling is increasing and sus
picious movements are being made all
along the Bulgarian and Montenegrin
frontiers.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
4kMiiS^k.
A man must reap as he sows. If he sows
fli health he will reap ill-health. If he
neglects his health the weeds of disease
will grow up and choke it.
It is a daily and hourly marvel that men
will recklessly neglect their health, when
a moment's thought should tell them that
they are courting death. It lies in most
every man's power to live to a green old
nge. If a man would only take the same
care of himself that he does of his horse, or
cow, or dog, he would enjoy good health.
When a man owns a hundred-dollar horse,
and it gets sick, he does not waste any time
about doctoring him up. When his garden
gets full of weeds, he doesn't delay about
rooting them out, for he knows they will
choke out his vegetables. When he is out
of sorts, sick, nervous, headachey, has no
appetite and is restless and sleepless at
night, he pays little attention to it. The
result is consumption, nervous prostration
or some serious blood or skin disease. Dr.
Pierces Golden Medical Discovery is the
best of all medicines for hard working men.
It gives edge to the appetite, facilitates the
flow of digestive juices, invigorates the
liver and purifies and enriches the blood.
It is the great blood-maker and flesh-
builder. It cures 08 per cent, of all cases
of lingering coughs, bronchial and throat
affections, weak lungs, bleeding from lungs
and kindred auctions. Do not wait until
the lungs are too far wasted to admit of
being cured.
" As you know, five years ago the doctors had
given me up to die with consumption," writes
Mr EG. McKinney, of Deepwntrr, Payette Co..
NY. Va. " I took treatment from Dr. R. V.
Pierce, and am entirely well now. I had take-
steadily, as directed, his 'Golden Medical Dis-
covery.' "
Dr.' Pierces Pleasant Pellets cure con-
stipation. One little "Pellet" is a dose.
«— **V _■*■**__.-■ E £. Sclentiflcallv
M *->•-' 877 Market Bt.
CONSOLIDATED OPTICAL CO.
MURDERER MOORE
SAID TO HAVE BEEN
SEEN NEAR CHICO
Nevada County's Sheriff Goes
to Join in the Pursuit of
a Suspect.
NEVADA CITY, April B.— Ed Moore,
murderer and outlaw, still defies pur
suit and the longer he remains at large
the bigger grows the list of ranchers,
miners, teamsters, woodchoppers and
tramps who report having seen the des
perado at nearly every point in this vi
cinity. Every day reports are tele
phoned or telegraphed to the Sheriff's
offices here from different places of this
and adjoining counties, detailing the
discovery of men answering Moore's
description. Invariably the suspect Is
deaf and carries an ear trumpet and
a rifle and a shotgun. If these reports
be true, then it is safe to say that there
are more deaf men armed with a rifle
and a shotgun roaming about this
county than there are in all the rest
of the State. While these reports are
given the dignity of an investigation,
there are not ten men in the county
who believe Moore has succeeded in
getting across any of the four bounda
ries of the county.
Shortly after noon to-day Deputy-
Sheriff Goe of Butte County notified
Under Sheriff Pascoe that a man an
swering Moore's description was seen
about 11 o'clock yesterday morning on
a ranch a mile or so from Chico, and
that the county peace officers were in
hot pursuit. Sheriff Getchell. who was
in Stockton shadowing the suspect
there, was notified at once and he took
the train for Chico immediately to as
sist the officers there In the pursuit.
The authorities here believe the story
from Chico is quite plausible, for the
reason that Moore could have reached
that vicinity easily without being de
tected. It is a little less than a 100
--mile journey to Chico from North San
Juan, where Moore was believed to
have been seen on Wednesday morn
ing by Ditch Tender Fogarty. The
route lies through a sparsely settled,
wooded country, and Moore knows ev
ery Inch of the road, having prospected
and hunted in that vicinity for the last
twenty years.
The rancher who reported having
seen a man answering Moore's descrip
tion says that shortly before noon yes
terday the stranger came to his ranch
and wanted to buy some eggs and po
tatoes. The owner of the ranch was in
town at the time and the man in
charge, having no authority to make
sales, gave the suspect a few eggs and
a few potatoes for nothing. While
talking to the rancher the stranger,
who was a tall, dark man, clad in blue
overalls, held his hand on his pistol
pocket, as if he was grasping a weapon
THREE THOUSAND
CARS ORDERED
New Rolling Stock for
the Southern Pacific.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, April The South
ern Pacific Company is preparing for
what lt evidently believes will be the
most prosperous year in the matter of
freight traffic it has ever experienced.
Orders have been placed with Eastern
manufacturers for the construction of
no less than 3000 additional cars and
thirty-six new locomotives. The first
consignment of the cars is already be
ginning to reach here and some of the
locomotives are being put together in
Los Angeles.
The merchants of Sacramento assert I
that there can be no surer indication
of the approach of a season of remark- j
able prosperity than the act of the rail- I
road company in placing such an im- j
mense order for cars and locomotives.
From all localities in Northern Califor
nia come reports of the prospective !
enormous yield in both cereals and
fruit, and the railroad company is los
ing no time in making preparations for j
the coming demand upon its transpor- j
tation facilities. All of the departments
at the railroad shops in this city, which
employ nearly 3000 mechanics, are in
full blast, and it was said to-day that
it may not be long before the hours of.
labor are increased.
A fire which occurred last winter de
stroyed the car, machine shops, planing
mill and some small kindred depart
ments, but as soon as the new car
shops, now being constructed, are com
pleted and the machinery installed,
many new cars will be built; in fact,
quite a number of cars are being: con
structed here now, despite th** incon
venience occasioned by the fire.
The steamboat's which ply on the
Sacramento River reach one of the
finest grain producing sections in the
country and on the river front scenes
of unusual activity are witnessed.
Steamboats which had practically gone
out of commission are being repaired in
anticipation of the great freight busi
ness of the approaching summer, and
a large force of workmen is employed
at the railroad shops making new boil
ers and restoring the machinery for
boats owned by the Southern Pacific.
H. J. Small, superintendent of mo
tive power and machinery, said to-day
the reason why the company had
placed the large order for cars with
Eastern manufacturers was that it had
found itself short of rolling stock and
could not have the necessary number
of cars produced at the Sacramento
plant because of the destruction of the
planing mill and car machine shop by
fire. This loss will soon be made good
and it is believed that this Bummer will
witness great activity in all the de
partments of the shop* system.
WILL WILLIAM MAKE ITP
Ambitious to Visit Paris During the
Exposition.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gor
don Bennett. HOB
PARIS, April B.— Will the German Em
peror be able to realize his ambition by
a visit to Paris in the exhibition year?
People generally think not, but William
does not yet seem to have abandoned the
plan. His Majesty intends trying it on
the dog next autumn by presiding over
the ceremony of the inauguration of the
Oceano Graphic Museum in the princi
pality of Monaco at the request of the
Prince.
Captain Stimson Dead.
BOSTON, April B.— Captain Fred D.
Stimson, a well-known newspaper man,
a California forty-niner and for, many
years marine editor of the Boston Jour
nal, died to-day, aged 73 years.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 9, 1899.
secreted there. The rancher believes
the man he provisioned was Moore. He
had studied the portrait of the fugitive
which was reproduced in The Call and
recognized a striking likeness.
At the outset of Moore's flight the
peace officers of Butte County ad
vanced the theory that he would at
tempt to travel through Butte County
on his road to freedom, and they have
maintained a vigilant watch for the
fleeing fugitive. . It was brought to
light to-day that Moore has an uncle
living somewhere on the Humboldt
River in Nevada, and word was imme
diately sent to the Sheriff of Humboldt
County to locate Moore's relatives and
keep him under surveillance. This step
was taken simply as a precautionary
measure to insure Moore's capture
should he attempt to seek refuge or
monetary assistance from that source.
Marshal Tompkins received word last
evening from Brownsville to the ef
fect that a tall, dark stranger, answer
ing the description of the fugitive,
passed through the town on Friday
morning on his way westward. A
blacksmith, who noticed the stranger
particularly, said he had a scar on his
right wrist. Moore is known to have
received such a scar some years ago
while working in one of the mines here.
The authorities here are fatigued by
their endless pursuit and are waiting
for another live clew to develop be
fore they again take up the hunt. All
express a profound hope and belief that
the $1300 reward will be the means ot
bringing the fugitive in before many
more days shall have passed.
PROBABLY NOT MOORE.
Sheriff Getchell Tails to Find the
Stockton Suspect.
STOCKTON, April B.— Sheriff Get- |
chell and the local officers returned this
afternoon from Roberts and Union is
lands after having searched unsuccess
fully for the man believed to be Moore,
the murderer. They failed to find him
and what they learned of the suspect
was not encouraging to their theories.
The man applied at one of the brick
yards for work and is said to have re- i
turned to Stockton.
The suspect was seen last Sunday in
this city by a citizen who noticed his
close resemblance to the pictures of
the Nevada murderer and called it to
the attention of the police. In the
meantime the fellow had disappeared,
but the officers obtained descriptions of i
him and found that they tallied with
that of Moore. The latter uses a small
tin ear trumpet, but the individual seen j
here had a large rubber trumpet.
KANG BLAMES THE
DOWAGER EMPRESS
Cause of China's Sad
Condition.
Preclal Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, April B.— Kang Yu
Wei, the Chinese refugee statesman,
who arrived here last night, spent the
day in addressing assemblies of his
fellow countrymen and detailing* to
them the reasons which led to his over
throw and the present. crisis ln China.
Kang does not understand a word of
English. This is his first journey from
China. In an interview to-day he said
the object of his visit to London was to
lay before the Foreign Office the un
happy state of affairs in his native
land and endeavor to enlist English aid
in freeing the Empress Dowager from
her strange infatuation for the Rus
sians.
Kang is still a young man not over
forty years of age. He says he has
been a close student of the history of
all nations and frequently drew the
attention of the deposed Emperor to
the fact that those nations which
adopted modern methods forged ahead,
while those which did not retrograded.
He is accompanied by a private sec
retary and by a representative of the
Japanese Government, who is accred
ited to present him at European courts,
as the Chinese consular service has
been instructed to ignore him. He says
that during the regime of the late Em
peror he succeeded in obtaining large
grants of money, sufficient to put the
navy in a fair condition, but the Em
press Dowager spent these sums on
beautifying her garden.
Addressing his countrymen, Kang
said that it was at his Instance that
the Emperor granted "Wei-Hai-Wei to
Great Britain in order to check Rus
sia's advance in China. He believes of
ficialism may retard the development
for a few years, but in the end noth
ing can prevent China becoming a
great nation. He Intends to visit all
countries of Europe, with the exception
of Russia, which he hates.
THEOSOPHISTS ON THE
WAY TO POINT LOMA
LOS ANGELES, April B.— A party of
over 100 leading thcosophtsts left Chicago i
to-night for San Diego, where the Uni- '
versal Brotherhood, of which all these I
passengers are members, will on April
13 meet in the first International conven
tion of the order. During the meeting a
large number of persons who are in sym
pathy with Mrs. K. A. Tingley will go to '
Point Loma from Los Angeles, as spe- i
cial rates over' the Santa Fe have been
granted. Mrs. Tingley is at the head of
the tourists. She has wired that a large
party will attend from San Francisco.
The Isis League of Music and Drama,
which ls a branch of the brotherhood,
was founded by Katharine A. Tingley in ;
New York on June 13, 1898. It has its '■
headquarters In New Tork City. It is
composed of persons carefully selected I
by the founder who are Interested in the
advancement of music and the drama to
its true place in the life of humanity. In- j
ternational in Its membership and hav
ing branches in London and other large
European cities its specifically defined
objects are: To accentuate the impor- ;
tance of music and the drama as vital
educational factors; to educate the people
to a knowledge of the true philosophy '
qf life by means of dramatic presentations ,
of a high standard, and the influence of I
the grander harmonies of music.
~— |
GLASSWARE DAT.
Borne articles cut 60 per cent. j
Some articles cut 60 per cent. *'■*■ I
ODDS AND ENDS, HALF PRICE. - - J
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Stores Everywhere. I
CHIEF DEVERY
ON THE RACK
Under the Fire of the
Legislators.
PRYING INTO THE RECORDS
OLD CHARGES AGAINST THE
POLICE OFFICIAL REVIVED.
*
As a Successor to Goff, the Famous
Lexow Examiner, Mr. Moss
Is Making a Very Good
Showing.
Special Dispatch to The Call. •
NEW YORK, April B.— The seven
members of the Mazet legislative inves
tigating committee began their work of
prying into the records of the Police
Department and other local administra
tive offices to-day.
After several minor witnesses had
been called a number of them failing to
make their appearance, Chief of Police
Devery was called to the stand, and
his testimony was the most important
of the day, as it signified the launching
of the attack upon the Ploice Depart
ment. The witness admitted that there
was a charge against him when he was
made Chief in February, 1897. The
Chief was compelled to admit that the
charge had been held up, and then said
he had never been required to pass a
civil service examination.
Mr. Moss then sprang something of
a surprise on the witness by announc-
ing that he offered in evidence three
charges which had been standing
against the Chief of Police for some
New customers are hard to get. They trade at some particular place,
seldom go elsewhere — never thinking about doing better.
It takes mighty strong values to attract the attention of these people,
I II They are exceptional values — values lii I
I 11 that will bring us many new customers. 11 It
Jv If i Every suit is backed up with our hl^H^
\b? guarantee — your absolute protection : gp-i
Money returned if you want it; or
Suit kept in repair free for one year.
Surely this is the most liberal policy a clothing firm ever adopted.
Suits are all wool, sewed with silk, comprising 1000 in number, in seventy-six different patterns
in the dark, medium and light shades, single and double breasts ; materials — cheviots, tweeds, cassimeres
and clay worsteds.
« Boys' Middy Suits. «■**
We have lately repainted and refitted our children's
k We have done considerable to make things comfort- _^SsJ&2\
M There are a number of seats, a large mirror where the iß^^^^^l^
?& boy himself can see how he likes the suit. There is plenty Hliflfw
™ of natural light. And what is of more interest — is the values. \|(I§^&»I
Middy suits for boys from } to 8. Eight patterns; V.K(/^
browns and grays ; some same color throughout and others Bl^^
with blue vests and collars, and trimmed with old gold *JS/l|ii
soutache; and green vests and collars with trimmings MS jtt
of red soutache. Suits are all wool. Price : ■ Hj ~
$2.45. M***
S. N. WOOD & CO.,
718 Market Street.
Country orders carefully filled— write us.
time, none of which had ever been
wiped out, either by dismissal or proof
of innocence. These charges were for
neglect of duty, for taking a bribe of
$100 and for neglecting to close disor
derly houses when their existence had
been brqught to his attention.
Mr. Moss then went into a detailed
list of establishments that are known
to be kept running at all hours of the
night, and asked the Chief why he had
not closed them up before. Not re
ceiving any satisfactory answer Mr.
Moss then asked Chief Devery why he
allowed a- certain house in the upper
Broadway district to continue its ex
istence, although there were almost
daily complaints from persons of re
finement living in the neighborhood.
The reply was that never had there
been obtained sufficient evidence tb
warrant the arrest of the woman who
runs the house. There could be no po
lice interference until proof positive
was secured.
Then Mr. Moss asked the witness if
it was not because of the political in
fluence of the woman ' proprietor that
the police were held back. Devery de
nied that this was so.
The question of allowing two period- j
icals which circulated around the ten
derloin district to continue publication
was then put to Devery. The Chief j
said that these papers had been toned j
down considerably, and that he had j
called the attention of Anthony Com
stock to them, but he- was slightly
mixed as to the particular occasion on
which he reminded Mr. Comstock of
their circulation.
No other important witnesses were
examined, but Frank Croker's name
was called. He was not present.
THE FRENCH GREAT
CONSUMERS OF ALCOHOL
Members of the International Con-
gress Against Intemperance
Have Fine Junkets.
Special Cable to The Call and the New Tork
Herald. Copyrighted; 1599, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS, April B.— There has been quite
an avalanche of statistics showing that
the French consume more alcohol per
head of the population than any other
country. In connection with the inter
national congress against intemperance
being held here congressmen have been
Junketing on a great scale. Receptions
were organized in their honor, and ban
quets where alcoholic and non-alcoholic
AMPUTATES ONE
OF HIS OWN FEET
Remarkable Surgical Operatior)
Performed by a Crippled
Youth.
ARCQLA, 111., April 8. — A peculiar surgical operation was performed
yesterday by a crippled boy, named Warren Murphy, which is a mystery
to the physicians, and which some of the most skilled surgeons of the
State refused to attempt. Young Murphy, who is now 20 years of age,
and who has been deformed from birth, is taken by people who do not
know him to be not more than 3or 4 years old. All his life the boy has
been suffering from a shriveled foot. The lad has begged to have it
amputated, but surgeons refused; saying that to do so meant certain
death.
Young Murphy went to the home of his brother, Harry Murphy, and
while the latter was absent the boy took his pocket-knife and severed the
diseased foot at the ankle. He then called to his brother to show him
what he had done.
Horror-stricken, the brother rushed from the house, and securing a
handful of snow applied it to the wound, and soon succeeded in stopping
the flow of blood. The wound is healing very rapidly and the boy's
health seems improved.
champagne was served. There is a serious
problem before this congress.
Long ago Assomoir was regarded as a,
specialty of the Parisian Faubourg. Since ;
M. Zola wrote his novel Assomoirs have ;
arisen broadcast over the city and
provinces and now number nearly half a
million. The French people, who are tra
ditionally temperate, are steadily falling i
victims to alcoholism. Petit verre is now !
übiquitous. The reason for this is not far |
to seek. By the law passed in 18S0 no li- i
cense is required «J sell wines or spirits.
This was bad enough, but worse still, ad
farmers are allowed to produce alcohol.
The understanding was that it should be
for their own consumption. Unfortunate
ly, most of this alcohol is sold to the j
public. y'V_'y _ _
Incidentally the state is defrauded on
an enormous scale of excise duties and a |
group of Senators intend introducing a
bill to license liquor dealers and restrict ]
their numbers, but as the cabaretiers are ,
the principal election agents the bill is j
pretty certain to be thrown out in the
Chamber if not in the Senate. Whether
the anti-alcoholic congress will achieve
anything remains to be seen.
♦
COULD NOW CURE GAMBETTA
The Great Man Died Before Surgeons
Understood Appendicitis.
Special Cable to The Call and the New Tori-
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS, April Had Gambetta lived
fifteen years longer he might be alive this
day. It sounds like an Irish bull, but
read on. Dr. Laborde has only now pub
lished an authoritative account of the
great tribune's end, which he declares
was due to appendicitis, in 1881 Inia
disease was scarcely understood a few
years ago. To-day the surgeons would
have intervened with almost certainty of
success. Dr. Laborde disproves the ro
mantic tales of the shooting of Gambetta.
The latter accidentally wounded himself
while trying a revolver, but this Injury
had nothing to do with his death.
34
SPANISH TREASURE
DUG UP IN TEXAS
Discovery of ar) OaK Box an d
Three Kegs Filled With Gold
DoublooQS.
SAN ANTONIO. April B.— C. P. Kleinduist, a Justice of the Peace,
this morning found buried Spanish treasure on a ranch at Devine.
Kleinduist was led to believe some weeks ago there was . buried gold
on the property, and, after much digging and hard labor, he struck an
oak box and three kegs. The oak box was bound together with brass
staves. When opened it was found to be full of gold Spanish doubloons
and jewelry containing valuable settings. There were 1000 doubloons in
the box, the money alone being worth $15,000. The kegs have not yet'
been opened, and what they contain is only a matter of conjecture, but
it must be a large fortune. The money is old, some of it being dated
back as far as 1700. The box also contained a packet of papers, writ
ten In Spanish and covered with official-looking seals. These, have not
yet been deciphered, and when they are considerable light will un
doubtedly be thrown on the finding of the treasure. Among the jewels
was an ebony cross five inches long with rare settings.
ARRIVED HERE
IN THE THIRTIES
Death of John Rose at
Smartsville.
Sr-eoial Dispatch to The Call.
MARY? April S— John Rose,
who died at his home near Smarts
ville last night, was beyond doubt the
pioneer of California pioneers. He came
to California as a ship carpenter on
board the Mexican trading bark Clarita
in 1534. sailing from his native town.
Leith. Scotland, ar.d arriving in San
Francisoo, then Yerba Buena. village
of eleven shanties, in October of the
same year. At that time the streets of
San Francisco were paths or tracks,
and Mission Dolores was considered
three miles out of town.
Mr. Rose took great delight in de
scribing the people he met in Yerba
Buena In those early days. They were
for the most part Spanish, who dealt
ln hides and tallow, but there was an
occasional Englishman, Swede or
Frenchman who came to the coast to
try his fortune. The native Califor
nians at that time were engaged in
ranching, raising horses and cattle
and a few sheep, and Just sufficient
cereals for their own use.
It was Mr. Rose who built the first
schooner on California soil intended
for use in California waters. Among
the flrst he met who could speak
English was General Vailejo. With
the exception of a few trips down
the coast Mr. Rose resided In Califor
nia continuously since 1539. He came
to Yuba County in July, 1848, and set
tled near the place where he died. Rose
Bar Township and Rose School District
in this county were j.amed in honor of
the sturdy pioneer. He was at one time
the possessor of a Mexican grant that
included land on both sides of the Yuba
River from Bear' River to Bullards
Bar. He engaged in mining from time
to time, but in recent years mad- his
living at the carpenter trade. A widow,
three daughters and throe- sons survive
him. The funeral will be held on Sun
day afternoon.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Officers Who Have Been Ordered to
Be Examined as to Their
Fitness for Promotion.
WASHINGTON, April B.— By direction!
of the Acting Secretary of War the fol
lowing officers will report in person with
out delay to Lieutenant Colonel Henry j
Wagner. Fourth United States Cavalry,
president of the examining board appoint- I
ed to meet at the Presidio of San Fran- I
clsco, for examination as to their fitness
for promotion: First Lieutenant George ]
A. Detchmendy, First United States In- i
fantry; First Lieutenant William R.
Dashiell, Twenty-fourth United States
Infantry- Upon completion of his exami
nation Lieutenant Detchmendy will re
turn to his prope-r station.
Sergeant Michael Feehan, Company X,
First United States Infantry, now on fur
lough at the Presidio of San Francisco, is
transferred as private to Battery I,
Third United States Artillery, stationed
at that post, and will report on or before
the expiration of the furlough to the :
commanding officer of that battery, for I
duty.
Acting Hospital Steward Harris H.
Pressler. hospital corps. Camp McKen
zie. Augusta, Ga., will be sent to the Pre
sidio of San Francisco. He will report
upon his arrival there to the command
ing general. Department of California, to
await the arrival of the Sixth United j
States Infantry, to which regiment he is I
assigned to duty.
Hospital Steward Fred 11. Durham.
Fort Assinaboine, Montana, will be Bent
to the Presidio of San Francisco. He will
report upon his arrival there to the com
manding general. Department of Califor- i
nia, for transportation by the first trans
port Bailing for the Philippine Islands, ]
and upon his arrival there wiU report to
the commanding general. Department of
the Pacific, for assignment to duty.
By direction of the Assistant Secretary
Of War the following enlisted men of the !
Hcspital Corps will be sent from stations
designated after their respective names
to the Presidio: Privates Joshua W.
Johnson and John B. Higginbotham, Sul- :
livans Island. South Carolina; Privates
Max Bachman, Maurice Kelly and Joseph
Puree!!. Fort Mcintosh. Texas; Privates :
Henry Lav cry. James L. Mills and John
F. Stolze-nthaler. Key West Barracks,
Florida; Privates William J. Epps, Peter
Sherlock and Herman R. M. yon Miller.
Fort Barrancas, Florida; Privates John
W. McMahon and Will C. Moulton, Jack-
Bon Barracks. Louisiana; Privates j
Charles B. Derstine, William H. Gorman,
William V. Phillips and Frank Reiman. i
Fort Bliss. Texas. They will re
port upon arrival at that place j
to the commanding general, De- I
partment of California, for transporta
tion on the- first transport leaving for the
Philippine Islands. Upon their arrival nt
Manila they will report to the command
ing general. Department of the Pacine; tor
Assignment to duty.
Hospital . Steward George Ploetz and ;
acting Hospital ward James H. Ra
der. Hosptial Corps. Fort Grant, Ari
zona, will be sent to the Presidio of San
Francisco. Recruit Frank E. Roberts, i
unasslgned. Presidio of San Francisco,
will be discharged from the service of '
the United States by the commanding
officer of his station.
Pensions have been granted as *ol
lows: California: Original — Hvpollte
Marshall. Adelaide. J.S; Jacob R. Osborn,
Courtland. $12. Increase— Reeves,
*=*!•-. Diego, t<> to $8; Edward Conlon, Los
Banes, $8 to $12: Cornelius Murphy, Sol
diers' Home, Napa, $8 to $12. Orlgnal
Widows, etc. Daisy E. Russell, Sacra
mento. $8.
Oregon: Increase -John 'Williams, Fair
grounds, $6 to $8.
♦
Senator Teller 111.
DENVER. April B.— Senator H. M. Tel
ler Is confined to apartments at the Hotel
L' lmperial by sickness. He returned
from the East Wednesday and was taken
at once to the hotel. His condition is not
considered dangerous, but * a kidney af
fection is causing some apprehension
among friends. The fact that the Senator
was sick did not become known until to
night.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
DUNOIS CAPTURES
THE MONTGOMERY
Ably Piloted by Henry
Martin.
MEMPHIS. Term., April S.— There was
a large attendance at the opening day's
races of the Memphis Jockey Club, de
spite the cold, threatening weather. The
stake feature was the Montgomery handi
cap at a mile and a sixteenth. Dunois,
which sold a slight favorite over Manuel,
had the race safe from the start and,
ably piloted by *'Skee Martin, the Cali
fornia lad. won handily by a half length
from Manuel, which finished a length be
fore Handsel.
Six furlongs— Verify won. Hobart second,
Timemaker third. Time. 1:17%.
Two-year-olds, four furlongs— F. W. Brode
won. McMeektn second, Caviar third. Time,
31%.
Kile, selling— Forget Not won, l*hlers second,
Salvarse third. Time. 1:45%:
Montgomery handicap, mile and a sixteenth —
Dunois. 100 H. Martin), 2 to 1, won; Manuel.
110 (Everett), 5 to 1 and S to 5. second; Hand-
sel third. Time, 1:50%.
Half mile, selling— Elizabeth Kaine won. Sil
ver Fizz second. Elbe third. Time, :504.
Mile, selling— Wilson won. Sea Robber sec
ond. Moroni third. Time, 1:45%.
CINCINNATI. April B.— The fourth an
nual spring meeting of the Queen City
Jockey Club opened at Newport, Ky., to
day under many disadvantages. The
weather was cold and raw and the track
a sea of mud. Just before the. last race
was run a hailstorm came up, making the
day a most disagreeable one for the
spring racing. In spite of this, a crowd
of 4000 or more people turned out to wit
ness the sport, which was exciting
Shout
Six furlongs— Merry Day wen, Shleldbearer
second, Ethel Collins third. Time, 1:20.
Four furlongs — Sue Johnson won. My Chicken
second. Miss Dede third. Time, :53H.
One mile — Volan - won. Peering second,
Nancy Seitz third. Time, 1*31%.
Seven furlongs, selling— Swordsman wen,
Flop second, Efrte Ainslie third. Time. 1:35H-
Four and a half furlong*— Rodd won. Wiede
mann second. Curtis third. Time, 1:01%.
Seven furlongs, selling— Carlctta C won. Agi
tator second, Nellie Prince third. Time, 1:33.
WASHINGTON, April B.— Results at Ben
r.ings:
Thlrteen-slxteentha of a mil*, selling—
Gldd won. Bishop Reed second, Leando third.
Time. 1:25.
Congressional stakes, for two-year-olds, idl
ing, half a mile— Mlserlcordla won. The Bobby
second. Merit! third. Time, :'l.
Steeplechase, about two and a half miles—
Baby Bill won, Decapod second. Trillion third.
Time. Z-JX.
Five furlongs. Gelling— Diva won. James Todd
second. Whim third. Time. 1.04 1-5.
Handicap, mile and a hundred yards— Beau
Ideal won, Imperator second, Alice Farley
third. Time, 1:50 2-5.
HEGELMAN IN FRONT.
Wins the Twenty-four Hour Go-as-
You-Please at New York.
NEW YORK. April The close of the
twenty-four hour go-as-you-please at the
Grand Central Palace to-night was mild
and uninteresting. Out. of the thirty
three starters only ten men finished. The
score at the end of the twenty-fourth
hour was: Hegelman 120 miles, Gllck 113,
Dear. 107. Cox 103, Day 96, Noonan 83, Han
sen 01. Kingston 7, Wollenschlager Sl,
Elson 72. Carlson 70. __
Wcodland Race Meeting.
WOODLAND. April B.— The lessee, of
Agricultural Park has announced a spring
meeting of three days— May 4, 5 and 6.
The following is the speed programme:
First day: No. I— Mixed, for local buggy
horses; purse, $100.
No. 2— Pacing. 2:40 class; purse. $150.
No. 3— Running, five-eighths of a mile
dash; purse, $%0.
Second day: No. Trotting, two-year
olds; purse, $125.
No. s— Trotting. 2:35 class; purse. $150.
No. 6— Running, mile dash for local
mules; purse, $60.
Third day: No. 7— Trotting, trotters
without records; purse. $125.
No. Trotting. 2:23 class; purse. $200.
No. 9— Running, three-eighths of a mile
and repeat; purse, $75.
Walcott Knocks Out Judge.
TORONTO, Ont., April B.— the Em
pire Athletic Club to-night Joe Walcott
and Jim Judge were to have gone twenty
rounds, but the bout came to an end in
the eleventh. Walcott finishing his man
with a terrible right on the point of the
jaw. The men fought hard all through,
and In the opening rounds Judge seemed
to be meeting Walcott's rushes well. From
the fifth it was Walcott's fight, and sev
eral times Judge took the limit when
floored.
Stanford's Tennis Team.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April B.—
In the tournament here to-day Spencer
'02 won a place on the intercollegiate ten
nis team, which will meet Berkeley on
April 22 at the courts of the California
Tennis Club ln San Francisco. S. P.
Hardy '02 was given a place on the team
without contesting because of his cham
pionship standing. . The other place lies
between F. L. Sanderson and Pratt '02,
and will be decided on Monday afternoon.
Big Fight Not Declared Off.
. PHILADELPHIA, April B.— ln an in
terview to-night with a reporter of the ;
Associated Press Martin Julian, man- :
ager of Bob Fitzsimmons. denied the
Story from Los Angeles, Cal., that tne
Fitzsimmons-Jeffries fight had been de- ,
clared off. He stated emphatically that
the fight would take place before the
Coney Island Athletic Club on the date
set. _—m
Tournament of Wheelmen.
WOODLAND. April B.— The bicycle
tournament which will take place at Ag
ricultural Park Sunday afternoon is at
tracting a great deal of interest. All the
riders who took part in the Sacramento
meeting are here.
Field Day . or High Schools.
VALLEJO. April 8.-The high schools of
! Solano County will hold their annual field
day in Vailejo on May 13. The teams
representing the several schools are train
ing hard. ______________
Back .o the Old Home.
WOODLAND, April B.— W. H. Ludden.
Register of the Land Office at Spokane,
and for many years a resident of this
city, arrived to-day and will visit for a
short time with relatives and friends. Mr.
Ludden left Yolo County nine years ago
and has since been prominent in business
and politics in Washington.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 9, 1899.
DUE TO JEALOUSY
AND INCENDIARISM
Revenge That Caused
Thirteen Deaths.
THREATS HAD BEEN MADE
AND WARNING SENT TO THE
ANDREWS FAMILY.
An Intrigue of Servants Seems to
Have Led Up to the Disastrous
Fire Among the Residences
of Gotham Millionaires.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April B.— Despite reti
cence on the part of the police facts
became public to-day which made it
apparent that the fire which destroyed
thirteen persons was of an incendiary
origin. It transpired that a few hours
before the flames were seen a polrce
man was sent for from the Andrews
house and was mysteriously dismissed
by a servant, who said he was not
wanted. Letters threatening the lives
of the Andrews family and the children
of Mrs. St. John were found.
It is believed that the motive for in
cendiarism was revenge, and that the
affair arose out of a quarrel among the
servants. Feely, the butler in the
Andrews family, is under surveillance
and the police are hard at work Inves
tigating the clews, which chiefly rest
upon the anonymous letters.
Mary Flanagan, the dead maid ser
vant, seems to have been a central
figure in this alleged plot and the chief
object of the supposed perpetrators was
hate. -
The police to-day gave out three
scurrilous letters which had been sent
to members of the Andrews household.
One was addressed to the servant, Mary ;
Flanagan. The letters made charges
against Mary' Flanagan and the butler. !
In a letter addressed to Mrs. St. John i
the writer said: "I hope you and Mrs.
Andrews don't think for a moment that
I am reconciled or pacified with Mary
Flanagan, for, indeed, I am not, and
what is further, I will not be until I i
get my revenge. I feel that I have \
given warning enough, and I am going
to fix her for life, and beAuse you and
Mrs. Andrews did not give heed to my
warning I'm going to fix you, too. I'm
going to make some one throw some
thing In your nurse's and children's I
faces that will disfigure them and eat •
all the flesh to* the bone. This I will '
do for spite, because you did not let
Mary go as I told you to. You had just ]
as well let her go first as last. You will i
have no girl alive when I get through i
with her.''
MEANS A BOOM FOR
THE TOWN OF MADERA
New Flume and Lumber Company
Planning to Conduct Extensive
Operations.
MADERA, April S.— Nearly fifty miles
of flume and thirty acres of Madera real
estate, formerly owned by the Madera
Flume and Trading Company, have
become the property of a new corporation
which will be known as the Madera
Flume and Lumber Company. The pur
chasers have already commenced opera
tions and are planning extensive improve
ments and a general rebuilding of the
property. A sawmill, having a capacity
of 200,000 feet of lumber a day, will be
erected in the mountains and the lumber
floated to Madera, where an extensive
box factory and planing mill will utilize
a portion of the product, while the re
mainder will be placed on the market.
This enterprise will do much to make
Madera one of the best towns in the
State, as the new proprietors of the mills
and flume have over 80,000 acres of timber
land under their control, which will sup
pis- them with raw material for the next
twenty years. It Is said the payroll of
the company for the next year will
amount to nearly $150,000, besides the
amount that will be expended for ma
chinery. Roads will have to be built
through the mountains to the new mill
site, machinery freighted In, over five
miles of new flume built and forty miles
repaired. A telephone line will be put in
between Madera and the works in the
mountains.
THEIR BCAT CAPSIZES.
J Two Men Drowned in the North Fork '
of Feather River.
OROVILLE. April B.— John D. Simms and -
Leonard Hale were drowned at Shores j
Bar, on the north fork of Feather River,
this morning. They attempted to cross
the stream, which is swift and very
rough, in a new canvas boat. The boat
upset and they were thrown into the
water. They were unable to reach the
shore, and "later their bodies were seen j
floating down the current. Hale was a
son of Editor Hale of the National Bul
letin, at Quincy. Cal. The men were
working at the De Long mine, in a deep
gorge of the Sierra, where the stream is
confined in a rocky canyon.
MARIE BARNA'S DIVORCE.
The California Woman Granted Ali
mony by the Court.
NEW YORK, April S.— A Paris cable to
the Journal says; Marie Barna, whose di
vorce becomes absolute in a few weeks,
has left Paris for the United States. .
Desertion is the cause alleged for the di
vorce from her husband. Publisher Smith
of Boston. Mrs. Smith is a daughter of
Judge Barnard of California. Bar.™ is
her stage name. The court has ordered
Mr. Smith to pay her $35,000. alimony.
License Ordinance Defeated.
SANTA CRUZ. April B.— At a meeting of
the City Council the ordinance imposing a
license on merchants was rejected. An
other ordinance placing restrictions on
saloons failed of passage. It was a tie vote
and Mayor Lamb cast the deciding vote
In the negative. The ordinance proposed
to make saloon men give a bond of $1000
as a guarantee that they would comply
with the requirements of the ordinance,
and that a petition for a permit would
have to be signed by five residents of the
block in which it was proposed to locate
the saloon. It abolished side entrances.
For a Flexible Currency.
NEW YORK, April B.— A declaration
for a flexible currency, based on the gold
standard, was adopted to-day by the ex
ecutive committee of the Indianapolis
Monetary Convention at a meeting in this
city called by the chairman, H. H. Hanna
of Indianapolis, for the purpose of getting
the advice of the committee upon the
recommendations to be presented to the
Republican caucus committee of the
House of Representatives, which will
meet at Atlantic City on April 17.
Collier Nero Ready for Service.
VALLEJO. April The collier Nero
will be placed in commission the first of
next week. The Nero has been thoroughly
overhauled at Mare Island and is fitted
cut for special survey work between Hon
olulu and Manila. Paymaster Clerk J. J.
Cunningham has been assigned to duty
on the Independence upon the recom
mendation of Paymaster L. C. Kerr.
Chief Engineer of the Great Northern
ST. PAUL. Minn.. April B.— John F. Ste
vens was to-day appointed chief engineer
of the Great Northern Railway, vice N.
D. Miller, resigned. . Mr. Stevens' salary
will be $25,000 a year.
PRINCE BISMARCK
MEDITATED SUICIDE
According to H err Harden the
Chancellor Had NotbiQg to
Live For After His Wife Died.
BERLIN, April B. Herr Harden publishes some touching sentiments _
on Bismarck, where the great man philosophizes upon the utter use- O
lessness of further living; how every interest in life has gone; how. his
only care for living further has been for the sake of his wife and when jjj
she had gone his wish to live ceased. Suicide he considered, but in these £*
days such a course was looked upon as wrong. Just fancy what a trag- §
edy it would have been had the great Bismarck committed suicide, 2$
Tet it was in his thoughts, if we believe Professor Harden. £
8
►%o?;o!*oso% o% o •*o , ;o%onos o\o gasgaanonas o ssosososo noanaai
COLONEL STONE
SUCCEEDS PEELER
Will Become Adjutant
General.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, April Governor
Henry T. Gage is to return to Sacra
mento on Wednesday or Thursday next.
His vacation has been spent on his
farm and in fishing excursions. He
' has been accompanied on several fish
ing trips by ex-United States Senator
Stephen M. White. When Gage, returns
to Sacramento, it is said by those who
"speak by the card," he will name
Colonel George Stone of San Francisco
i as adjutant general, relieving General
i Peeler. It is also said vacancies in the
State Board of Equalization and those
existing in the Whittier Reform School
I Board will be filled before his departure
: for the north, y.y
That Gage came down to his Downey
ranch to be alone and absolutely free
from outside influences is claimed by.
j political friends, who are convinced
that the Governor has fully matured
his plans for the future; that every
office which is still to be filled has re
ceived attention, and that the slates
i are well marked with names of the for-
I tunates. While the Governor's mail has
' been heavy and the telegraph operator
; at Downey has had his hand at the
j key many hours of the day, the "push"
1 is rather sore that the latchstring has
been cut short and that the path to the
Governor's front door is covered with
; new-grown grass.
Gage is yet annoyed over the rumor
[ that he is going Into the newspaper
field, and reiterates with emphasis his
denial. In reply to a direct question he j
is reported as having said.
"Do you think I would have signed
those anti-cartoon and signature bills
if I had had any thoughts of descending
to the newspaper level? Another thing, j
my administration needs no organ to
bolster it up. It will speak for itself, j
and I will pay Just the same attention '
\ to the newspapers as I will to various !
• and sundry people who thought they
MEIN MIND W/OMEIN USE HUDYAN.
/hysteriaX
I can be 1
I CURED I
V HUDYAN J
MYSTERIA IS AN EXTREMELY COMMON AFFECTION AMONG WOMEN, YOUNG
" and oil. It is purely a nervous disorder and all the symptoms are of nervous origin.
Many women afflicted with hysteria continue to suffer because they think that there ls no
cure for them. They have often sought relief, but have only obtained lt temporarily. Hys-
teria can be perfectly and permanently cured, no matter how far advanced It may be.
HUDYAN will cure Hysteria. HUDYAN will relieve you of every symptom. The relief
is not only temporary— lt ls permanent. HUDYAN will restore the weakened nerves to a
healthy condition and the symptoms will disappear. Have you used HUDYAN? If not, do
not delay any longer. Yours is a curable disease. HUDYAN is the remedy you want.
HUDYAN Is for men and women. It Is a vegetable remedy and has no bad effect on the
syetem. HUDYAN can.be procured at your druggist at 60c per package, or six packages
for $2 80. Study your symptoms carefully. When you have done so use HUDYAN and then
tell your friends what lt has* done for you.
/"T"\ Here Are Your Symptoms:
J *' i^^^V 1 *— *• FLUTTERING OF THE EYELIDS
* ( J _f_. /V / AND A TINGLING SENSATION ABOVE THE
Vl./lL* %£■ J EYES. HUDYAN will relieve this almost ;m-
-t>) ./<£> --^>l*l mediately. ,
\*, ,/ 2-2. TREMBLING OF THE LIPS. This is
.-v y_, 71 due to the affection of the facial nerve?. HUD.
( \ £± ~_C\ \S VAN will restore the nerves to a healthy con-
vA W^-W \f dltlon and the trembling will disappear.
I I S. LUMP IN THE THROAT. This symptom
J "*>•• V usually precedes a crying spell. The feeling
£•} is as though there was. a ball in the throat.
_^s*^^ .yf^ J , This also is a nervous symptom which HUD-
""^YAN will cause to disappear.
f *■ PALPITATION OF THE HEART. The
f heart becomes weakened as the nerves are
and beats Irregularly and weakly. HUD-
jm. VAN will strengthen the heart muscle and
OYAN will strengthen the heart and regular.
cause the beats to h»™-n* strong and regular
a / 5. SINKING FEELING IN THE PIT OF
y\ . I THE STOMACH. This occurs often and is
* 1 J very annoying. It is due to the action of the
I I weakened nerves of the stomach. HUDYAN
1 /*^l / wlll strengthen the nerves and the sinking
1 \i I feeling will not occur.
1 / Women, thli is for you. Remember that
1 I HUDYAN cures men and women. It will
I . . I ' relieve you of all the above symptoms and
I f you can be cured.; Do not continue to suffer
I I Remember that you can be cured by the proDer
I I use of HUDYAN. Thousands of other women
I ';' »v- have been cured, and why not you? Ask your
/ y.-ii »elf that question. Doctors have afforded you
I • . % some relief, but they have not cured HUD
/ \ VAN will effect a - permanent cure Tak.
I A HUDYAN now. You can get HUDYAN of your
/ \ druggist at .->oc per package, or six packaa-es
/ 1 for $2 Ea If your druggist does not keen it
/ 1 send direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY COM
PANY, San Francisco, Cal. You can consult
the doctors of the HUDYAN REMEDY COMPANY free. Call on the doctors. If you can
not call you may writ* and advice will be given free. Address . * '"
HUDYAN REMEDY COMPANY, COR - BTOCK I2^^ sc rc M ? RK£T -
would control me when I became Gov
ernor." ' v;
PACKERS OF PRUNES
JOIN THE COMBINE
Settle the Terms of Agreement With
the Pacific Coast Fruit
Association.
SAN JOSE, April B.— Prominent fruit
shippers and packers of this vicinity will
join with the Pacific Coast Fruit Associa
tion, which was recently organized here to
handle the prune crop of the coast. This
was really decided on at a meeting held
this afternoon, although some details vet
remain to be settled. About twenty pack
ers met with the directors of the fruit
association. Secretary XX. P. Craigin of
the latter association presided. This cor
poration of packers will strengthen the
prune growers' organization materially.
The terms of agreement will be as fol
lows:
A bond will be required of warehouse
men who are not owners of the fruit
stored. Packers will charge 20 cents per
100 pounds for sacking. 35 cents per 100
pounds for packing in 50-pound boxes, uri
faced, and GO cents per 100 pounds for
packing In 25-pound boxes, single faced.
These prices Include grading, packing and
placing on cars. y Where cars of fruit are
rejected the loss must fall upon the pack
er and not the seller. Sales must be strict
ly for cash before the cars leave the ware
house. Each packer will have absolute
control of his own brand. The fruit asso
ciation will pay an inspector, whose duty
it shall be to stamp the place of packing
and date on each box. and no goods con
trolled by the association shall be shipped
unstamped. Goods for delivery shall in
clude sizes 45 and 46 when processed and
4."". 2 and 47 when not processed. Grading
will Include not only sizes but quality. A
reserve of 2*£ per cent commission may be
paid at the end of the season.
_^ .
CLEVER SURGICAL j OPERATION.
Dr. Maduro's Laparotomy Is Success-
fully Performed.
Special Cable to The Call and the New Tork
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PANAMA, Colombia. April 8..-A clever
surgical operation was performed here
yesterday by Dr. Maduro, a graduate of
the College of Physicians and Surgeons
of New York.
In the presence of several leaders In
the local medical fraternity the operation
of laparotomy for a fibroid tumor was
successful. It was the first of many
cases here in which the result was fa
vorable.
Oakland Laborer Killed.
SACRAMENTO. April B.— Alexander
Martin, a laborer, who lately arrived from
Oakland, was killed to-day while assist
ing in dismantling some machinery in the
McCreary flour mill. A large piece of the
machinery fell upon him. He died almost
Instantly. His widow came from Oakland
to-night.
ADVERTISEMENTS. „_"l"_..
a*-------aB--gBBB
JB a____^_\J^^^^
...WONDERFUL SILK SALE...
fin Aorll sale of BlacK Silks that will eclipse a 0 previous effort. Tbe
offering Involves 3033 yards of BIacKSIII^ Every Inch was secured
for tbls particular sale fr 2 sh from the loorr)S. A = Oufacturer s belated
delivery was tbe cause for obtaining this quantity of silk FAR BELOW
VALUE, Our offer was accepted, hence these unprecedented prices.
-.- Yarfl-20 inch Black All I- J- Yard- Genuine R la C k
££/% f^er^oorq'uamy 1 ' high fa DC ■ Swiss * fcod I qu'allt?
UUU HKifffc ' yy ¥- SSS the quantity lasts,".
ular \aiue ooc. regular value 75c.
M- ■> Yard— inch Black All Yard— 24 inch Genuine
/f\ rk Silk Satln s°£ h^S / K r\ Black Swiss Taffeta Silk:
laj O heavy quality; rich high /ZJ Q superior quality (cannot
' ** *f luster; regular value 51 10. * %* *^ duplicate again at this
-ni i ah price i ; reen'.ar value Jl 00.
an\*l nr Yard— 27 inch Black All r Yard— 27 -inch Genuine
01.05 Silk Satin Duresse: n/T^ Bfa r c d klwiss n Taffeta en snk!
0 / v ' r >' J^ snlendidly* l/l/ /J extra good quality; high
TT * * will wear splendldU ' f^ (^ V finish; regular value Jl 25.
regular value $1 oO a yard. .
COLORED DRESS GOODS BARGAINS,
nn %F?~i A i'„ 3 C/?-25 Suit— French All "Wool
&(/C Yard— _ inch Al Vxon\ QQC .sss__f-?_ -
SOc sa£« IjS1 jS 00 - _?_£/■ j-_f.
-yr £- ard T;. 45 ln , ch ,„ >? l^L r #»»*^/r/5 Suit-French Silk and
/f% fa Wo °- Diagonals, in blues CT *y CQ Wool Novelty Suitings
lUU br ° ™ 8 ' , green '- ri 8" 1 t *3 £ in the new two-toned
* *^ , and back; excellent qual- %j0 M colorings; elegant styles
ity on sale for this week; worth Jl 25 fQr ing BUits .
a yard. \
......EXTRA VALUES 1N......
Ladies' and Children's Spring Underwear and Hosiery
r\ i" Each— Ladles' White Cotton r\ i_* Pair— 3oo doz. Children's Tan
■Vh/i Ribbed Vests; fancy lace 1 0 /"» and Black Fine Cotton Ribbed
—.UU trimmed; low neck and no •*».". V Hose; double knees, heels and
sleeves. ' toes; sizes 5% to 9; the best
value in this city.
r_ __* Each— Ladles' Lisle Thread -. — Pair— Ladles' Fast Black . Cot-
,'irlf* Vests, in pink, blue, ecru and */»l/-i ton Hose; high spliced heels
*■' -' 1 -" white; sllk taped; low neck £.\J 1/ and toes; all black and black
and no sleeves; extra value. W j t h white feet; reg. value 35a
nf\ Each — Ladles' Spun Silk OZ> Pair— loo doz. Ladles' Fine
hi In Ribbed Vests, fancy lace ef- 1 1 f* Quality Fast Black Cotton
UUU fects. in pink, blue, lavender, '■' '■' v hose; drop - stitched; high
black and cream; extraordi- spliced heels and toes; good
nary good value. value at 50c.
HEADY-MADE GARMENTS UNDER SPECIALS IN WASH FABRICS,
PRIPC l^r 2oo F<*s Fine Printed Irish Dimi-
-1 IHULi /v -' t ' ties, in pretty shades of heliotrope,
For Monday and Tuesday. blue, pink and navy; striped and scroll
effects.
SILK WAISTS— lO^n 75 pcs Novelty Ginghams, in
AA nr Ladies' Silk Waists. / - c *2*- fancy checks, cords, etc.; latest
X stf.oO made of latest corded spring colorings; special at 124 c.
\J%J wash silks; in pretty />c- .50 pcs extra quality White Or-
/, ~T ♦ ,- avei l der . 8, . ? ra >; ♦ a " d 0C pandy; sheer quality; worth 40c
blues; lined throughout: sizes 32 to 42. yar( - <•** *v<-
(For Monday and Tuesday only.) *_ __ Jnch _ . Fine _
— ' To^noo* xiio^i, T^f-^r, —fir ■- !rch Extra Fine Quality White
0K. 25 ies wS c k T ct?d 1, i rgand * V ' ° rt T c -^
LJ aj fronts, lined through- S\c\°? pieces 30-Inch White India
T 0 *^ out; extra good quality; 3 Linon; regular price 124 c.
latest style; sizes 32 to 44. (For Monday O/l/»50 pcs Extra Fine Quality White
and Tuesday only.) Regular value 57 50 £UL Corded Dimities; fine for waists
nppec CK-fOTC— and dr esses; worth 30c.
t__fW~~~ S9i\liX/JS Ofir^ Pcs Heavy Corded White
gf% •% nr Separate Skirts, made **'-•'- Pique; regular value SOc.
"It" .JO of all wool black serge;
I /I fl plain and figured Sici-
" v lian percaline lined; EMBROIDERY
worth $6 GO and J5 50; the greatest bar- t__\ __ __• im f _
gain ever offered. 3rCviflL
gfx S~_ 71- Plaid Skirts, made of 4 _f\ Yard— sooo yards of Embroid-
_ Jaf.i O extremely stylish all iai f\ cr >' Edgings and Insertions;
l/l _J wool plaids in rich i_f _• In very choice open work ef-
*r spring colorings; latest feels; from "i- to 2 inches
styles; near-silk lined; special value. wide; regular price 20c and 15c.
SEE l^JVOoiv DISPLAY.
COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION.
•■ - .:■ .
TOMALES AS A
BEET CENTER
Marin Farmers to Plow
Up Their Potatoes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TOMALES, April The farmers of
this section of Marin County are about
to engage In the culture of sugar beets
on a large scale. Seeds have already
been received and distributed and the
example has been set by such promi
nent ranchers as Messrs. Burbank,
Hubble and Dillon plowing up their po
tatoes and planting the seeds of the
beets.
It was only a short time ago that a '
representative of the farmers called ;
upon Secretary Huntington of the Cali
fornia Beet Sugar Company with re- !
gard to the culture of sugar beets near j
Tomales. He was agreeably surprised
to learn that the region lying around
.Tomales, Bloomneld, Valley Ford and '•■
the Shafter estate was especially
adapted to this industry and that beets
grown here would yield a large per- j
centage of sugar, while good crops j
would be insured every year on account
of the moist climate. Every encour- ;
agement was givSn the farmers to spur
them on in furthering the project.
It is said on good authority the com
pany has agreed to pay $4 50 a ton for
the beets and will make all contracts I
at the beginning of every season, so the j
growers need have no fears about flue- :
tuations in the market. As from fifteen i
to twenty tons can be produced to the
acre, while only $30 20 is required to j
dump the beets on the factory wharves
reckoning on a basis of fifteen tons j
to the acre — the growing of potatoes j
dwindles into insignificance in com- |
parison as a financial proposition.
Attorney J. W. Keyes, who is an ar- j
dent promoter of local beet culture,
was told last year by Secretary Hunt
ington that some beets grown on the
Shafter estate were fine examples, but
that railway transportation was much
too costly to put the beet business in
this section on a paying basis. To ob
viate this difficulty Keyes has endeav
ored to have rates satisfactorily ad
justed by the North Pacific Coast Rail
way Company and has been informed
by "W. F. Russell, the general freight
agent, that everything possible will be
done by the company to encourage the
development of this section. Shipment
of the beets probably will be by rail to
San Quentin Point, thence on barges
to the factory at Crockett, Contra Costa
County.
The flrst decisive movement toward
beet culture will take the form of a
called meeting of all the owners and
renters of land along the line of the
railway in this region, which will be j
addressed by a representative of the ;
California Beet Sugar and Refinery :
Company and the growing of beets and
their manufacture into sugar explained
fully, ln order that those interested may i
make an auspicious beginning as grow- ,
ers, y __^_^_^______
Perished on Valdez Glacier.
SEATTLE. April B.— L. J. Malone of
Boston, . Mass., who arrived here from
Copper River. Alaska, last night, reports
that a lawyer named French, formerly of
Chicago, perished on Valdes Glacier about
three weeks ago. His body was recovered
and buried at Valdes. There were about
1200 destitute prospectors at Valdes. who
are being- cared for by Government Agent
Charles Brown.
• THE
-GLOVE HOUSE-
Will Continue Our Very Suc-
-9 cessful Sale of $1.50
Kid Gloves for
f\ _?
95c
One Week Longer.
Ladies' 2-Oasp Cleopatra Kid, 4
Foster Hook Kid, 8-Button Length
Kid, etc, are included in the sale.
800 MARKET ST.
Cop. Grant Avenue.
- '
STANDARD MIXED
PAINT!
$4 00 Per
IIZZ Gallon
Money Back If You Don't Like It.
Colors and Booklet, "Cost of Painting." Free,
MANUFACTURERS:
BUSWELL PAINT CO.,
302 Market St., S. F.
710 to 716 Broadway, Oakland.
FINE TAILORING
FINE TAILORING
PERFECT fit, best OF
fiflHSKk WORKMANSHIP, at
W 25 per cent Less than Other
Tailors Charge, Go tc
TH JOE POHEIM
|11 ? All Wool Suits to &10,,<f o r
Order from t0 $00
Jf| I Pantsfrom.. $4 to J| Q
p^T— sk 201 and 203 Montgomery SL,
1110 and 1112 Market St, S.F.
485 .4th STREET. OAKLAND,
SWEET use ~*_
RESTFUL Woodbury's feM
SLEEP . Pa( *-* Sm p ®y
Follows a bath with WOODBURY'S Facial
Soap, and the face, neck and arms and hands
rendered beautifully white, soft and smooth
with WOODBURY'S Facial Cream. For m!«
everywhere.LIMITS POWER
OF THE KAISER
Bundesrath Will Again
Assert Itself.
PRUNES ANTI-STRIKE BILL
FEATURES DESIRED BY WIL
LIAM ARE ELIMINATED.
Of Course the Emperor Is in an Un
happy Frame of Mind, but the
Prussian Parliament Has
Law on Its Side.
Copyrighted, IS?!*, by the Associated Press.
BERLIN. April B.— The correspondent |
of the Asociated Press learns from in- I
!side information that the anti-strike j
bill, announced by the Emperor with a !
flourish at Ceynhausen, after hanging j
fire for months in the Pruslan and other j
Cabinets, has at last found its way to
the Bundesrath. In its present shape
the measure is much milder than the
Emperor desired, and the Minister of
the Interior. Count yon Posadowskl-
Wehner, denies that the bill threatens
anybody inciting a strike with confine
ment in a penitentiary, adding: "Of t
course his Majesty does not like it, but j
the Bundesrath would never consider j
such a bill as the Emperor wants."
An interesting point, however, is that
the Bundesrath seems decided upon a
trial of strength with the Emperor.
Constitutionally, the Bundesrath alone,
in the first instance, has the right to de
cide to shape all legislation for the em
pire before it is presented to the
Reichstag, and the Bundesrath, as a
body, of course, acting under instruc
tions from the Government, except the
Prussian, has come to the conclusion
that the Emperor too often and too
publicly tries to usurp the functions of
the Bundesrath and sway opinion in ad
vance on legislative projects. There
fore, it is necessary to make his Majesty
understand that the other German rul
ers will not submit to such treatment.
The constitution is entirely on their
'side In this matter. The recent defeat
of the Emperor, when he was prevented
by the Bundesrath from dissolving the
Reichstag on the army bill, was the
first hint of the Bundesrath, and the
action of the Bundesrath on the anti
strike hill will be the second intimation
from that body that the German rubers
will not submit to the treatment com
plained of. The Emperor, of course, is
in an unhappy frame of mind regarding
the whole business, Uut he is powerless.
He has had several conferences with
the Imperial Chancellor (Hohenlohe),
but has been forced to yield to the lat
ter's arguments in favor of the consti
tutional prerogatives in favor of the
Bundesrath.
It is learned that the German cruiser
Arcona recently visited a number of
ports on the Persian Gulf with the ob
ject of founding a German commercial
settlement. This, however, it is said.
is not connected with any political aim.
The new mobilization plan has gone
into effect. It simplifies the method of
calling out the reserves and the land
wehr by the greater use of the tele
graph and telephone in sending out
notices, and provides a special corps
of messengers to carry the notices to
the most -distant villages.
The Federation of Husbandry has
presented a memorial to the Govern
ment drawing attention to the growing
importation of American horses. The
figures quoted show a rise from 2479
in 1595 to 6919 in 1898. The duty, 20
marks per head, was compared with
the duties of the United States, France
and Canada. The Government replied
that the duty was regulated by treaties,
but that the matter would be consid
ered during the pending measures for
a reciprocity treaty with the United
States. The Agrarian newspapers made
frequent reference to these negotiations
during the week. The Cologne Yolks
Zeitung editorially expresses the hope
that the press will continue to point
out their importance, adding that the
matter at stake is the mo*t vital from
an economic standpoint that we have
had to face for years.
Dr. Bosse, the Prussian Minister of
Education, has ordered an investiga
tion into Professor Fester's charges
that many scientists, including those
of the Breslau University clinic and the
German hospitals, indulge in dangerous
experiments with patients. The matter
came up in the Reichstag on March 11,
when Dr. Bosse promised an investiga
tion. Since then a mass of new evi
dence to the same effect has been pro
duced involving a number of the best
known polyclinics and hospitals, some
Of the. experiments mentioned being
with cholera and other deadly germs.
Another Berlin family was recently
augmented by triplets and since then
the parents have been the recipients of
parcels of baby linens and other useful
articles, and a Sister of Mercy arrived
to nurse the mother. On Thursday the
neighbors were astonished at the sight
of an imperial carriage in front of the
house. Two ladies and a gentleman
emerged from the vehicle and climbed
to the fifth floor. Entering the room
occupied by the poor mother one of the
ladies said: "Good-day. I have taken
the liberty to come and have a look
at the triplets."
It was the Empress of Germany, who,
after a long conversation, revealed her
self as the unknown benefactor of the
family. She left a present of money
and promised other, assistance.
CATTLE SENT TO CALIFORNIA.
. Beef Stock Being Shipped to San
Francisco and Los Angeles. .
FORT WORTH, April 8.--A train of fif
teen cars of beef cattle left here to-day
for Los Angeles, Cal., where the cattle
will be slaughtered by the Cudahys. Dur
ing the past few months a number of
Bhipments of cattle have been made from
here to San Francisco and Los Angeles.
These shipments to California are a re
versal of the conditions that prevailed at
one time. Back in 1890-91 beef cattle were
shipped from California to Omaha and
Kansas City and a few cars even as far as
Chicago, and in the same years hogs were
shipped to Omaha, Sioux City and St
Paul from Oregon. At that time there
was a surplus of livestock on the Paciflc
Coast and abundance of feed. These con
ditions have materially changed
Elwell Found Not Guilty.
• SANTA CRUZ, April S.-The jury in the
case of F. D. Klwell, for alleged bribery
in connection with the Valencia bridge
scandal, found the defendant not guilty
to-day. The Jury was out only seven
minutes.
THE EMPORIUM.
Hongkong Granulated Sugar, 21 lbs for $I.oo— Western Refinery Granulated Sugar, 20 lbs for $1.00. See Grocery Items Below. «'
Summer Styles. . san francisco, sunday, april 9, 1899. j Hairdressing. ' J
Butterick Patterns and Publications j^____f gg m _Ip__\ _f M _?^ B t_W_\ _% & Ladies' Hair Dressing and Manicuring *
for May will be on sale Monday morning gt t_~_\ St ___\ _W t_~_ M_W _~_S Ef _*~_ _f *" _xW_ _%__ #0 ___% t~ BI t_~_ __-m Department on Main Floor, back of ele- <*
at 8 o'clock. Call early and inspect the jP» MLS g^S__T J^_\ W mTg _WZ B_f x_Z__ _\rS E SHS ff AW MM _wWW_t MM M M SHS xSS mm i vators. All classes of hair work at *
new Designs. Fashions and Fancies^ BB ~mM M ~_aW Mt <«P Mt ~*fP Vsh_W MS Wl VV«W *~__W BSS9b_t _t _W ~_tt ~_W ~__W _f popular prices— expert attendants. *
BSSSEfS The balance of our big purchase of House Furnishings, Crockery, For ■ Mo; 2//2 §
Pu'bHcS! taken ror all **""* Toys, etc., goes on sale this week at about one-half regular prices. i 25 c/ off watches. ?
clZtTnmfn g T tn\m e^ Many of the Dest and most useful articles, purposely withheld during the first week of he sale, go on the bargain We Overstocked with watches, an" J
terick Patterns at one-haif regular re- tables now. All shopworn, scratched and otherwise damaged goods are marked at a fraction of their original cost. to reduce our stock ji^a^ *
S-mSic pattern Department. '' Assortment of articles very large, but only a few of each kind. These items will give you an idea how prices run. iLsThTLia^TJf $W<%^ 1
Main Floor. Back of Rotunda. 300 pieces Lace Shelf Paper— lo Folding Clothes •, i Iron Wardrobe Hooks, in bronze and „ w «v I. 75c White this month 2 5 per l-^_si^^L '♦
. _ . yard lengths— Pink, Blue and Yellow — Horse, like picture n k,^ ft black,' to screw in wall— regularly 20c // »*/// '^X-^V. Mouse Cages, cent discount 0:1 all (^^S£^^^**\ ay
Note Our LOW Rnces for _, regularly 10c. 36 inch3S high, with 3 | F^f J^s dozen— for 9c. ((Jl^M (^Sls&_ like picture, gold, gold filled and \Wf^y^%^ *
_&:*•***• If* *+lMnrt**ig*c /fir*" "~" IT'" now * bars— now ..23c Hj/, Large size 40c and 50c Paper Wash i? \^s^Bi'^ slightly scratch- | silver Watches that M§_^_s_§M\ ■.'*
OfbjrO'C? %9UMtur-iCS». ** _ : ___^. Heavy 40c Steel enameled Sauce- I |'y, Basin, in white and dark brown 16c V; t»t*> J-\^p^|K> cd. to close j are marked $10 or ykS&gMjJ *
Morgan & Wr.ght Tube Rubber Cc- \s£s_ „ —~-«^ Galvanized Iron pans— will hold about |; yT^s^ y> '""' ! '^ __^v each 9c more. Because of Nsg|l||pr *
ment 5c ■Wi& -".-.', Foot Tubs— now 2 quarts lie L^ ... y" /- All tnv«t limited space we ▼
Morgan & Wright Rim Cement.... ...... .5c \cii.. 26c 100 Soldering Sets— |yP-» «=^-w=^— - dolls have been re ' quote only a few prices of our large and J
Goodrich Juffy Tube Rubber Cement.. 5c Enameled Ware Kettles, with cover, 'do your own mending- • J =^C G^&^y£^^> moved to second floor. [ V3 ? «d assortment. cr, nr *i. *
Rubber Cement, 8-oz. cans 20c 3^-quart size-those left go at 20c per set ..fe E^y^ ' Tnd the sale at about 50c \ Jf*'- 6 ? -! 14 Sterling Silver aches, *
Rim Cement, 8-oz. cans 20c (jJod loc wire Potato Masher., 5c ■# Fine Mr Bread Knives-8-inch and 10-inch ™" |£c dollar continues °' d ,nla ' HuDtlDg CaS9 ' J!_j__» 2
3in 1 Oil 20c rs.h™„;«_* T m„ -*-»»« _^\ - plan - >L» blades, Christy pattern, like cut, each..9c SS. w^«fr • °"" , " ,we * movement, now $10.50.*
Cycle Oil , 5c Ga vanized Iron Water a j-v ___ _,*,^,j 'I*-* -~— - 6-quart „_ •* Tin Coffee Boilers, with thlS wevK. * Ladies' s2o 14 kt. gold filled Watches, «
CvcleOn .• 5c p„„ 1q „ , :.-, „-y.t.«i f a „, o( « NA pWsfll'J!, it.hed 6-quart 2oc Tin Coflfee Boilers, with uaaies $^v 14 Kt. gom nnea watcnes.
Graphite Electric, per stick 5c foolers, nickel iaucets, V| fe SB > Tin Tea and Cof- bale handle 15c ' 25c D0115. ..15c ] 75c Dolls. . fancy engraved Hunting case. Waltham . J
Foot Pump seamless brass).... 50c p jV nc .•"'g*? ll - 7 scratched, JO; —^s j /i|U 1 § fed Pots, with copper . Lemonade Straws, about 400 in pack- 50c D0115. ..21c | 85c D0115. ..50c movement, now $15.00 J
Foot Pump (seamless brass) heavier.. 75c ° tlierw 'f_ in good conai- w-r : ? \^ l^ bottom, black enameled age, were 20c package, now 9c 50c Noah's Arks 30c Ladies' $25 solid 14 kt. Gold Watches, 2,
Trilby Toe Clip 10c ccq^ i *lu2rt . fti«S I- • - L ffl handles— 2 and 3 quart Spring Clothes __» 80c Wheel Barrows 42c Hunting case, fancy engraved Waltham *
Army Toe Clip ' Grant pattern) lOc »b.»U coolers *<J.ou, 4 ™ j£ 5 -j g^^) sizes — regularly 25c Pins, 2 dozen for... -^^^^ $1 Games 50c movement, now .$18.75 *>
Century. Butler and Giant Toe Clip. .2sc c001er5... .. -•••-••• "y^ r~ . v___s3 and 35c— now 9c =c ,-css^^^ ■ 50c Games ; 25c Gents' $16 3-ounce Coin. Silver Hunting *
Kant Slip and Whalrv Stirrup Toe Clip.SOc euli v !! 7 w >i, nLv/r hi -i__^^> IS damaged Oil Stoves— some one, 4-nuart 38c En- ,^=^- $2 50 Rocking Horses 60c Case Watches, Waltham movement, now *
Electric Stroke Bells 25c to $1.00 bhelves, with drawer like -^ some two. some three burners..2oc to $1 ameled Ware ::" y# $1.50 Doll Cabs 75c $12.00*
Tire Tape, 1-oz. rolls 5c < : 51 Picture, li i Extra heavy 25c j^_^—— —^—^.^ Saucepan, with k. .£■'s 25c Black 80ard5...., 15c Gents' s2o 14 kt. Gold Filled Watches, J
Steel Spring Pants Guard, per pair 4c *^J '_* \WM J xb inches— enameled Wash^p ; ' y^^£^ cover, now 26c o'y' * ':.v' 50c Doll Furniture » 30c fancy engraved case, Waltham move- 2
Solar Acetylene Gas Lamp, 1599 pat- "C^' \ z% g - U ri y Basins 16c V 4' 'J'' '' !i^W Solid Oak Hat ' -^ 75c Nursery Baskets 45c ment, now $15.00
tern 53.50 Wltoy^'SYw *-.&u —to 50 only— extra \.\\:{-.-.--/ >//// Racks, 38 inches long, with six large 90c Waste Baskets...; 55c Gents' ss4 solid 14 kt. Gold Hunting «
20 Century Acetylene Gas Lamp. 1899 VTJ*W close 0ut.....„ deep, 15c tin col- <_^_e*^^ hooks, regularly $1, now 6:»c $1 Woolly Animals 60c Case Watches, weight of case 44'^ dwt. ay
pattern 53. 50 ** JM.IO ] an <- ers 9 C ~ Coal Hods, Black Japanned 16c $2 Rotary Scopes $1.00 full jeweled movement, n0w... 54-0.50 *
- _ _ — _____
Boys' Clothing. New Hosiery. Premiere Gioves. Bureau Scarfs. San Francisco's Choicest stock of j
c , V ja/ /J I ! f I Ladies' Imported Maco Cotton Hose, Real Kid, 3 patent clasps, prettily em- ■ This week we place on sale 20 dozen BiaCK OrCSS GOOUS. *
oOniC rs6W yV aS UavieS JUSI 1)1. fancy striped top, solid Hermsdorf black broidered, perfect in cut and finish, every stamped Momie Linen Scarfs with knotted few delayed shipments that arrived last week completes ' <$>
Boys' White Duck Knee Pants 50c boot" per pair 25c pair fitted an '" g uaranteed— xt ' 3 one °-" ' fringes— one of the handsomest collections of black goods ever brought ay
Boys' Linen Crash Knee Pants 50C the best ladies' gloves made— the sum- I size 16x40 20c each to this city. We have a large assortment of Mohair Blister *
Boys' White Pique Knee Pants 750 -Jus** received an immense variety of mer shades of red, blue, green, brown, size 18x50 . ...35c each Crepons of the best English makes. • *
All new, perfectly shaped, perfectly made, trimmed with the latest novelties of Ladies' Lisle tan - mode > a * 60 black and white— per ". is -V)"' " " " 50c each 46-inch English Merseretta, a new and very stylish suiting, J
white pearl buttons.* •/ , Thread Hose in strinM nlaid.*. nolka Hot-? pair $1.50 size'hxfu c in a variety of rich patterns— yard $1.00 J
— »V At 75C— 7 different styles Wash Sui's— , ° stripes p.aias, poisa aots, Rubber Fiber Sponge Glove Cleaner, a These scarfs are all stamped in the 44-inch Mohair Blister Crepon— a splendid cloth in four new- J
L&r_J fast colors— splendidly made— quality as lace effects and fancy drop stitches, per new dry process for cleaning glovts, newest designs, some of them unusually and very handsome effects— per yard $3.25 <$>
. V&sy''^ we sold at $1 last season. pair 50c each 15c \ pretty. 44-inch English Moharane, one of the newest and most dur- <ay
SS-/ At $I.oo— Full line of sizes in splendid ; \ able fabrics of the season, in eight different styles — peryard... ♦
. y^^ s^. White Duck Suits at this price— also Bor 10 ~ $1.50 *
(X. CJ '/fl different patterns in colors for same money. en j <-\r . ws-ii ji rs. ■ rx LtJ — !J
/yJa^n At $1.50, $2.00 and $2.50-\ TZeady o\ow With the Spring; Stock y, — ■ *
I AXE \ very * e *^assorfmlm of cfar"ngWaS Suits V v ■ / Comfort, Elegance, Durability— and J
IV Vy a t these prices, including plain white ducks- Carpets, Rugs ami Linoleums. V . Economy in shoes, #
LJ H every suit genteel and stylish and perfectly atawmmm |«v»w^ mmwmmj** mmmmmm mmmmma^m^^mmmmm^^m \\\\ «r _
y^-r-p-d cut and made ' ■ ... VI Men's Chocolate Color Vici Kid ___ *
"\ /'A 1/ 5 ;,,5> N** Sailor Suits— so all-wool navy c new Carpets for 1899 have never been equaled in texture or in beauty of design and coloring. SA Lace Shoes— modified bulldog toe, W yfl *>
■A ll blue Sailor Suits— blouse full and long-shield We have bought of the best-known makers only, and have exercised unusual care in the selection of pat- /i_ and tips sewed welt soles. They W-£// J
Mr Hi embroidered in red and black— collar deep and r a A ion are strictly correct in style — per- \<>/,y.:\ v
[j \\ prettily braided— will give splendid service. terns. We have added greatly to the space of our immense Carpet Department, making one of the finest /j 4/ feet fitting and made to give sub- J^y'-A %
•VI IK Price " ' .'! ' $2.45 display rooms in America. We sew, line and lav all cxrprls bought vus free of charge, notwithstanding / LSI "tantial wear and perfect sat- *^^y;A
%{] VC^- 5V>» Colored Sailor Suits of fancy Scotch «. i - i j «'«./-' J 6 o a V^to faction l" every way-all size^ V^iW-*/l «
>H Cheviots trimmed with red cloth shields and the low prices asked. \\ \W-Sflk and width 5............ $3.oo^jr%f\ *
red inset sailor collars-neatlybraided-same suits trimmed The finest quality of Axmlnsters Royal Brussels-v\W outwear IJjS- Color Vi ? ci Kid Lace MM_/- %
with either blue or brown — put in stock — sizes 3to 10 .,„, . _ «„., *, ,„ ~r. n A« r.f n„j w Rm-eoia—it i. B l\/Si Iy "■'.„• .. /=&*~i r^«^ _»
v Pfl „ p . p J h $5.00 —a rich deep pile Parlor Carpet -in soft fV? any cheap grade of ; Body Brussels— it. is J'Vfl Shoes — silk vesting / P *
jear 6 . frice .p^.irv ..yr r.  v --«-»_. , [- I*. V*^^^ in all respects ahead of any other carpet 15 >T\ cloth tons new coin >^ll J ' * *
shades and charming blending of colors — /CS£> <■ I sc=^=>n _ j ,- *i,„ „,;,... „«„;/, „* *i, a fi„«t wl \ ciotn tops, new com yr \^r »
U M »fIM; A c f M o;f|l MM _ * *-_■-•?■*_ v *-, > » 7;Fr£*J Zif^ufij 2^ made for the price— of the finest V^rrnT^ toes, kid tips, turned C*^^^ _*•
NOVeitteS in KlnuOnS f borders to match. In these beautiful Ax* Wiltons are to be seen in this quality— W" ] sew ed soles — neat s - ==^^ *
HaitdkerChiefS aiid NeCiiWear minsters we show many patterns which /j*. -yx!^^^^^^^^^^x\f 1, borders to match— laid and lined, per N^^ and stylish—all sizes and widths— per pair "%
are exclusive with us— laid and lined, per \ t £y& ' yr^y<*^ir^\^ '/\ I'/// *' ar - ","» ".' 95c - $3.00 *_»
Litest style 4-inch all-silk Fancy Ribbon- Moires, H <R| «ac; t'C- \ &% /W-/A yT^' wWy Best grade of Tapestry—
Ombres, S#rin«B and Plaids— all the new colorings 25c 3>i.«3» \^ff I*^- ''% "'X■& Cs makes only— Body Brussels and Axmin- «
A Handkerchief Bargain— 2o dozen fancy drawn Choice line of Body Brussels— /^W<i^^^^r^^_X SM<f^ ster effects— no other house on the coast #*•-_„ ln / 0 ; H __f_t_t_r '"*
thread Hem&titchel Handkerchiefs, white only, at 55c dozen, best quality made— a new asiortraent of Q^-^^sZ^^^t^y*** can show so good an assortment of pat- LaGC —fUrVatn WW&Geia *
oreach 5c patterns — Oriental, Persian and Monotone terns and colorings as we are showing Our assortment 11013) COmblete. 5'
50 dozen Cottage - hand-embroidered all-linen sheer lawn effects— laid and lined, per vard. 2s — laid and lined, per yard 80c • _ :J,
Handkerchfefs-vmiaunderexi, at $2 dozen, 3 for 50c. or 1000 yards of remnant* of Tapestry, Body Brussels, Velvets and Axmlnsters to be closed out I yards by 38 inches wide ecru or white-pair. "'pgC J
each _W aa __VS"i_- - 20C this week-lengths running from 4to 20 yards-worth from to $1.50 yard -af from 30c tO 50c 5* * var s l Y li ■ t .^ ecru or white -pair $ .25 *
Wash Lawn Stock Collar and Jabot- -latest' J * ;-* 3y yards by 60 inches wide— ecru or white— $1.50 J
style, neatly trimmed in Valenciennes lice or embroidery— each ' Reversibie Art Squares, or Crumb Cloths. 4 yards by 60 inches wide— ecru or white -4
' -50C HWrWTWIIie #l#-r &quar_S, Or _fW"UWn— UfUiriSi 3!f yards by 54 inches wide— ecru or white $2.50 *
"Black Liberty Silk Chiffon Collarettes— mane We pride ourselves on our line of All-wool Art Squares— better cannot be mide— here's a line— of them with me- Net designs— Fioral designs and the newest patterns out. *
extra full with flowing ends of pleated liberty silk— each dallion centers— all in beautiful patterns and colorings— can be cleaned the same as blankets— The above are the best values we have offered this season. *
cioi- „. - . , ; _" «« •■-".-"-- y ' „ -,"y _._ nrt „■ ft „ . . *=o= While buying Curtains look at our large stock Silkolines— *•..▼ :
"'______h"i______^''___m^_^ *■ - y.' ■■■■l'. X 9x6 feet 53.90 Size feet .$4.90 Size 9x9 feet $5.85 5> -5 a __ Be. 10* c; plain denim, all shades, 36 inches wide, 15c ; *
USincn /-earner UOas except v '^- -^ __>a^\-f!lt__ Size 9xlo^ feet.. .56.85 Size 9x12 feet 57.80 Size 9xl3'^ feet..SB.7s - . Fibred Rnrlans 36 inches wide 20c • fine Bagdad effects *
inches ion-*, made of back glossy leathers, extra full. $10-50 * . (®a^%gng»« . • c:_ a i- to f„ af cii l( n --^^^^-^^^ r igurea Burlaps, cso incnes wiae, , nne cagaaa enects,
18-Inch Ostrich Boas- *ame quality as abov.— at -..'■■ \K^»: . .. - -_ 6° X '"" i -' ,; »-'' M . /TTffu Hungarian reversible Draperies, 36 inches wide, entirely
$5.00 tfltßTnl In the Furniture Department, which covers larger // ; M] new 25c sr
; . • 1 lllll!! F floor space an any exclusive furniture house in the city, we offer ft u_. U . «
Men's Furnishings. a SSIIII! i- hundreds of bargains that cannot be duplicated in style and quality y mp\U TIME *
yfSv A tMckwear Wonder. Uj*lssM at c P r^ ces - c i ns i st u Pou comparison as the best means to n^ }&eh IOWCi VatUeS. w
l\\ tfnew^n.^r^nt^ ,ii .nt. pl§M determine our furniture superiority. Here are two bargains for Turkish Towels— heavy and frictionai, half bleached, size 20x *
y _We show a fine assortment of all-s.lks Jj^^S MnnHav // WV \\ 48 inches -about 50 dozen of this line are left-until sold. J
j« in new style stripes and plaids — made /f/niHfrr£?\ lviunudy. y *-lr v • /Sc _f
Ja up in the large £^/;sA 5-7«7r« r^^^^ffifl A substantial and handsome Solid Oak Rocker, like picture— the upholstered fi— U -* c Hu^' YjVnen Towels— U^S^^kV^Vis^'ini^U'Eiii S
/|^ Its a5l shape— our price on this, the \^Sfi_^m s P rin g sea t covered with good tapestry— in desirable patterns and colorings. For VI-*- . all white or with neat colored borders— good family or hotel *
MJSk latest New York fad, is to-day 50c wZZy^xQl Monday only ** : • $2,33 towel-per dozen $2.00 .*
4/? See Window Display. )?^^ Mr at Mahogany finished Parlor Table, like picture — the best below — size of top 18xlS inches — Huck Towels— best flax, very heavy bleached — excel- ay
ifc. .I.*- .«.»..««.»_.*.+ ~# >n .:ii« l^^^j determine our furniture superiority. Here are two bargains for $^kV^\ Turkish Towels— heavy and frictional, half bleached, size 20x *
_We show a fine assortment of all-silks J*^^J \Tmul*v //^Dv \\ 48 inches -about 50 dozen of this line are left-until sold. J
in new style stripes and plaids — made /flHir_—lsi? Aiunuay. \j <~\y v f__
up in the ! large English Squires \^^^^M A substantial and handsome Soli! Oak Rocker, like picture— the upholstered *L- U '--' C Huck LVnen Towels— heaW'l^ «
Its a5l shape— our price on this, the wOs&-^J?M B P r * n 8 seat covere ' i Wlth g° od tapestry— in desirable patterns and colorings. For U-- a „ whjte or with neat co ] ore ,i borders— good family or hotel <#
latest New York fad, is to-day 50c W?Zy^y Monda - v onl - v • ,$2 - 3 ° towel-per dozen $2.00 *
Sfe Window Th'splav. r&^ MP Mahogany finished Parlor Table, like picture — convenient shelf below — size of top 18xlS inches— Huck Towels — best flax, very heavy pearl bleached — excel- ♦
MJ&s&sk. Men's Golf Shirts — a negli- worth $1 — this week 55c lent for — size 23x45 inches fringed ends and neat col- *
i^^i^^VvM gee shirt made with white neck bands, * ored borders dozen $3 .00
J^——^^^^x with separate cuffs to match shirt in a ~~~~~ ' -41
\few ,^i^ great assortment of colors and weaves, ■ ay
vMf\^y^^\^} in make and fit, your choice of All that is seasonable and correct in Specials OAondav and All Week Blankets -Comforts—Rugs. _
vsffl \J£&sy* 12 different styles each. 95c * ■ _. -M m -_. " Fine White Blanket*- lon**- I
V vy^y Light or medium Cotorcd Dress Goods. Groceries and Liquors. * y£% Oregon wool— beautifully made', deep J
1^ weight Underwear - head- Th(? beßt f ron ? the '*»?* of both. fo ?^n and domestic Our SUgdr Special hdS never been emialed -Sm^C binding, 7 lbs weight, extra size— per *
derwear-splendid quarters for light or medium weight at t , jMg_ es -h,c*h } ou will not find elsewhere until the kjui Mi^uf sytisiui. rtuj> wlw vccri, ouuuicu- inn)^^^) nair &5.50 *
, , j.j i * r> 11. - • i.i facturers, at prices which \ou wil r.ot find eisewnere unti the I ,r d r- r^ i Ti 41 l • I fu^OvvN " U. iptr.ou -w
derwear— splendid mike of Balbnggan in several styles, at end of the season ' OH the PdClflC CoOSI. I lie Oilier OargdltlS NrSNfcU) Good White Blankets-a little cot- *
50c Finer goods, including well-known standard makes of ..,' , • , 1 , //,*, „,- ,/, / , /T , //7 //„ /7C netniii*hu?er I^r'/Nfcvl/ ton in the warp— well made, 72 inches *
merinos at $1, $1.25 and $1.50 , 38 -' nch a "? y suitings, handsome mixtures of navy, brown, JOT MM uVetfc are equally as aSIOIUSIWIg. &/T>^SSU :, l wide, some a little soiled from hand/ *
: tan, French blue, gray and hunters and nile green-per yard ~ Hongkong Fine Dry Granulated Cane ['/ft 7^^' ing- were $4.50 a pair, but to close 2
NeW BOOkS. '"^'""V"^ :V"; :yy Sugar -21 lbs for $1.00 .h/ \\l \MI out are now priced at $3.75 ay.
Publishers' our v., 36-inch Fancy Suitings-two-toned effects -black and white ,| Western Refinery Fine Dry Granulated // V \\m Bed Comforters- just the kind for «
Price. Pr,ce. blue and black, green and black, lavender and blacK and red | Suaar -20 lbs for .... $1 OO V^~-~- '\l\\r. the summer— full size— white, clean *
The Martyrdom of an Empress $2.50 52.00. and black, and stylish effects in light gray and tan mixtures— _ ** . . ••••••••••-.•• — ■«- u%* = _«^~- ' \V cotton filling— light in weight, but "*
A Duet-Doyle •• 1.50 1.20 an extra value -per yard ...'. 50c ; Fancy Maine Sweet Corn-there is none better-regularly 13c /j-n\ || I X warm-each .................!: *sl.oo *
Daughters of Babylon— Barrett and Hichens.... 1.50 1.20.. 45-inch Granite Cloth— a stylish and durable Dress Fabric, can "' -' "'""•■ —■"•— tOo ? \»^ I* ' \ Traveling Shawls— Genuine English J
Strong Hearts— Cable 1.25 1.00 newest colorings— pearl grays, tans, browns, greens, navy and | Spider Leg Tea— our 60c Jb quality 4-5 c Worsted Traveling Rugs— stylish Scotch Plaids— in a large 2
A Trooper Galahad— Captain Kind 1.25 1.00 French blue— per yard 75c \Le Court's Mushrooms— l-lb tins— regularly 25c— for 180 range of colors— each...... ! $6.00 *
A West Point Wooing- Burnham 1.25 1.00 46-inch Chevron Suiting— striped effects, seven different Seville's Fancy Queen Olives— lB-oz bottles— regularly 30c I *
A Ken ,of Kipling-Clemens... To .bU shades of browns, grays. b!u3s and tans -per yard $1.00 each 250 T*_-f«#il ma4i*at*a t
TheChoTlnvlsible ,^o*-^ "■.'.!!!."!!!!"!! i5O !40 46-inch Iridescent Poplin-a stylish Dress Material in six Good Zinfandel Table Wine- regularly 75c gallon-for... SOo 1 OIICW MrTICICS. J*
* ' * shadings , suitable for spring wear— per yard $1.25 Old Cow 'Bourbon — spring of '89 — regularly $5 gallon — for Imperial Water Bottles, guaranteed 1 year — 3- fi\ t_?
t_f£s\H_ 50-inch Coverts in proper weight for tailor suits for spring $3.75— 0r a full quart $1.35 bottle for ............. $1.00 quart size ' 80c— 2-quart... 700 •■ mS *
WII9 and summer wear— desirable shadings— grays, tans and gray i Tom Gin— own bottling— money back if it fails to please Excelsior Fountain Syringe, complete with fit- -JpsC- _
##-_-_ S ra%fsacs4 blues— per yard $1.75 regularly 90c bottle— special for ...720 ting— 3-quart size, 7oc— 2-quart size... 650 /?<Uy\ i
MIC Latest. y 3 w 5 MS,V Goodyear- Bulb Syringe, with 3 hard pipes.soo If J
150 pieces newest style Tuxedo Chenille «__«_3 MBF __T __kM _W%d__k _f__ _______ M '/ 'ft moSk^TS^ 7 " ™ ™'™ Soap, mgv p/^| * '
0ur 3 entuc stock ' X S-fivHS W^|^ffiffl o entire stock %^J |
dation with handsome chen'lle borders— Banquet L". flips pipF* 1 M 6**"* £**,__,_% hWB BOliemian Cll / box *»^» io? — ■a
dation with handsome chenille borders- flaw^tfg/ L^/>s B H^T . « ? __. " | f- , b ° n " T jV A ...................250 © |
black only, 50c value-our price, each. rf«n^ M/ P Cold^H SaJEA.akl*« *^ Glassware during Our True .Cold Cream-small jar, 10c - large jar *£ *
1 oc« f i. c/- ■«*■«--■■■ i_^ «-■-**«' n^-r-i — -in---, tt-^- ■ « ■ y^ l\'w C//i/** *\,7/>» Eastman s Violet Cold Cream, tar . 150 Z>
"TOiLiNGCOTNTER'iN^uif 5/0^ Sale ' CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST— AMERICA' S GRANDEST STORE. tetSt *<** ***• . Best quality Florida water, bottle::::::"::::::::::;:::::::;^© *
t4a\+AataJ44**ai4±**\tia\+4+^
SEEK POPULARITY
WITH THE IRISH
Duke and Duchess of
York's Coming Visit. .
Copyrighted. 1899, by the Associated Press.
LONDON, April The Duke and
Duchess of York next week will pay
their second visit to Ireland within two
years. It is evident that they desire
to become popular with the Irish peo
ple They intend to attend a number
of public functions. On their arrival
in Dublin on Monday they will become
the guests of the Lord Lieutenant of
Ireland, Earl Cadogan. and will attend
the Punchestown and Leopardstown
races, the vice-regal ball at Dublin
Castle, the Dublin Society's cattle show,
and. will also pay a short visit to the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 9, 1899.
THE EMPORIUM.
Marquis of Ormonde at Kilkenny
Castle.
The Government has decided to re
lease the three Irish political prisoners
— Mullett, Fitzharris and O'Hanlon—
now undergoing life sentence in May
boro Jail for participation in the Phoe
nix Park murders. A deputation from
the corporation of Dublin, headed by
the Lord Mayor, went to Dublin Castle
in state on Friday and presented a pe
tition for the release of the prisoners.
The Lord Lieutenant replied that he
had resolved to release them, but could
not fix the date of their release. It is
generally expected that the prisoners
will be set at liberty within a short
time.
A so-called "up-to-date" rector of
City Church of St. Mary-at-the-Hill. in
the center of Billingsgate, announces
that his sermon Sunday night will be,
"Millionaire Marriages." with particu
lar reference to the Vanderbilt wed
ding, accompanied by lime light views
of the Vanderbilt mansion and the in
teriors of American millionaires' resi
dences. The rector intends to dwell
upon the worldliness of worldly goods,
contrasting the gorgeous surroundings
of the Vanderbilts and other million
a;res h ;iyrtSrs!s^ n ?he o^Td. m,llion '
aires with the lilies of the field. :yy •
The visit of the King and Queen of
Italy to Sardinia next' week will be an
interesting occasion and ' from some
THE EMPORIUM.
standpoints significant; The event
will shape the naval reunion at
Cagliari, capital of the island of
Sardinia, of the fleets of Great
Britain and France, and it is
hoped the opportunity will be seized
upon to emphasize the better under
standing now existing between the two
countries. Altogether there will be
fifty warships in the harbor, twenty
British and fifteen each from France
and Italy. There will be no review, but
the King of Italy will hold a ceremoni
ous reception of the principal officers.
It is announced that the Prince of
Wales has succeeded in definitely ar
ranging for the ' ueen to open, in May
or June, the Royal College of Science,
in which the science collection of the
South Kensington Museum will be
housed. The collection at present is
lodged in the part of the museum
known, from its hideous shape, as the
"Brompton Boilers." The ceremony of
opening the college will be on the same
scale as imperial institute inaugura
tions", the route will be lined with troops
and there will be a procession, which,
however, will have a melancholy side,
as her Majesty has determined it will
be her last public appearance at a cere
mony of this nature. i -->'y\ . • '
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE EMPORIUM.
SPINAL MENINGITIS
AMONG SOLDIERS
English Experts Speak of
the Disease.
Copyrighted, ISM, by the Associated Press.
LONDON, April B.— ln view of the
cabled reports that many of the Amer
ican soldiers for Cuba have been at
tacked by cerebro spinal meningitis, a
representative of the Associated Press
saw the medical authorities of the war
office with reference to the dispatch
from Cairo to the Daily Telegraph, say
ing that all the Anglo-Egyptian troops
have been removed from Omdurman
owing to the presence of spinal menin
gitis, due to the former insanitary con
dition of the town.
THE EMPORIUM.
Surgeon Major Muir, who has just
returned from the Soudan, said: "The
position there is extremely serious. We
had less trouble from the first with the
Egyptian troops, but the British sol
diers did not suffer because they were
surrounded by the utmost precautions.
The disease is due to insanitary condi
tions, such as probably prevailed in the
case of the hastily organized Cuban
campaign. Our campaign on the Upper
Nile was planned with time in our
favor, and thus the best sanitary ar
rangements could be made for the Brit
ish soldiers who escaped." .
The report of Baron Cromer, the Brit
ish agent and Consul General in Egypt,
is looked upon as being a wonderful
story of progress and the triumph of
administrative foresight and military
vigor. He aavocates extending the rail
road from Khartoum through Abu-
Haraz to Goedarif and Massala to Sua
kim and thus tap the territory about
the Upper Nile, which Sir Samuel Baker
called "the granary of the Soudan."
Goedarif is the center of this grain pro
ducing region. Lord Cromer says that
hitherto grain at Khartoum has at
times been sold at famine prices, while
at Goedarif lt can be had in such quan
tities that it is unsalable. The railroad
will change all this.
The British agent also makes a sig
nificant remark that "school statistics
THE EMPORIUM.
show that French is dying out as the
language of the middle classes, and
English has already largely taken its
place." ■-.".*.*.-
CHAVES MUST HANG.
Governor Gage Refuses to Stay the-
Execution.
SACRAMENTO, April S.-The Governor
said to-day he would refuse to interfere
with the death sentence against Manuel
Chaves, the San Diego murderer, who is
to be hanged on April 19 for the brutal
killing of a woman in October, 1597. There
was a strong petition from Ban Diego
County in favor of a commutation of the
sentence, but the Governor could see no
reason why the petition should be
granted.
Drowned in a Tub a Water.
SACRAMENTO, April B.— Mrs. 'Burgess,
whose husband is in San Jose, missed her
2-year-old boy from the room where site
was engaged in her household duties this
afternoon. On looking for the child she
found him lying face down in a tub of
water, into which he had fallen. He was
dead when found. *
•
Epworth League Convention.
SANTA CRUZ. April S.— The San Fran
cisco District Convention of the Epworth
League will convene in Santa Cruz on
Friday of next week and remain in ses
sion ever Su——*.
56
SUNDAY APRIL 9. iSo^
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
' Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts-. S. f.
/ Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS »IT to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS, IB CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies. 5 cents" '"*•-;
Terms by Bkall. Including Postage:
PAILT CALL (Including Sunday call), one year *„'™
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 6 months S.OO
DAILY CALL -.including Sunday Call). » months 1.80
DAILY CALL— By Sin**'..- Month <**»«
SUNDAY CALL One Year *•»«»
WEEKLY CALL. One Year I'oo1 ' 00
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE *r..-908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room ISS. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
©RANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clocK- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2513
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 PolK street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner" Twenty-second an*
KanUicky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
' Columbia— "Robin Hood" to-morrow night. I
Grand Opera Hou»e— "The Black Hussar."
— Vaudeville.
Alcazar— "The Charity Ball."
Tivoli— "Beautiful Golden Locks."
A'hambra— "Married. Not Mated."
Chutes. Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
ani evening.
Olympia— Mason and Ellis streets. Specialties.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Union Coursing Coursing to-day.
Grand Opera House— Saver Recitals. Wednesday afternoon,
April 19.
Grand Opera House— Rosenthal, Tuesday afternoon. April 25.
Glen Park— Mission Zoo.
Central Park— The Steeplechase.
El Canyjo— The popular bay resort. Amusements every
Pur.day.
PROMPT OCTION NECESSARY.
IT is sincerely to be hoped that Attorney General
Ford will find time between now and the expira
tion of his term of office to take up and consider
the application of his predecessor for a writ of man
date compelling Wells. Fargo & Co. to pay their war
taxes. Compared with most of the business with
which the time of his office is consumed this proceed
ing is of transcendent importance. The express com
pany in question is taking from the people of this
State between $8000 and $10,000 monthly which it
should pay to the Government. It is doing this by
means of a bluff, which in an ordinary poker game
would be called and disposed of immediately.
The late Attorney General applied to the Supreme
Court for a writ of mandate and was referred by that
tribunal to the Superior Court. The latter court is
sued the writ, and Mr. Fitzgerald was proceeding on
the lines of the case lately decided in Michigan when
"Wells, Fargo & Co. interposed with a motion trans
ferring the proceeding to the United States Circuit
Court. At this juncture a change in the Attorney
General's office took place, and since that time noth
ing has been done to bring matters to an issue.
All Attorney General Ford has to do in connection
with the motion interposed by the tax-shirking cor
poration i? to move in Judge Morrow's court to dis
miss it. Every lawyer knows that the Federal
tribunals do not issue writs of mandate except in aid
of their own process, and the proceeding transferred
in this case on the ground that it involves a Federal
question is bound to be defeated here just as it was
defeated in the State of Michigan. The necessity of
the case is merely an Attorney General who will move
on the works of the enemy.
In an interview the other day Attorney General
Ford said that he would take up the case as soon as
possible. This is not the way to go about the busi
ness. It should be taken up at once, since it is of
more importance to the commerce of the State that
Wells, Fargo & Co. should be compelled to pay its
war taxes than that almost any other principle of
government should be enforced. The war in the
Philippines is now being carried on at the expense of
the people. This tax-shirking express company is
paying not a single cent toward its prosecution, but is
evading payment by tying up cases in the courts and
resorting to legal technicalities entirely ridiculous in
character.
ARREST OF CONFISCATION.
THE case of Village of Norwood vs. Baker, re
cently decided by the Supreme Court of the
United States, will have a deterring effect upon
the frauds often perpetrated under the guise of street
assessments. As the law stood before this decision
was rendered street improvements in municipalities
frequently operated as confiscations. It has been gener
ally held that in the case of unaccepted streets, that is,
streets not to be kept in order by general taxation,
the cost of the improvements could be lawfully as
sessed against the adjacent property by the rule of
the front foot. In some of the States the extreme
doctrine ha^ been laid "down, cither expressly or by
implication, that where the cost exceeded- the value
of the property the deficit.could.be collected through
a personal judgment against the owner. In this
State that extremity of robbery was avoided, and it
has been held that the measure of possible recovery
for street work must be. limited to, the Enforcement of
a lien upon the property itself, and that when a man's
land has been taken the spoliation must cease, j But
our' Supreme Court has also declared that the right
tr assess and to recover on this kind of work is not
dependent upon any benefit' to the property assessed.
One lot might be injured and another lot improved,
but each would have to contribute in proportion to
its frontage.
The case of Village of Norwood vs. Baker lays
down an intelligible rule, founded on principle, y that,
in respect to streets, will go far to reconcile law and
justice. It determines that when an assessment for
street improvements is substantially in excess of the
correlative benefits it is invalid under the Federal
constitution, for the reasons that it proposes, first,
to take for public use without compensation property
held in private ownership; and, second, to deprive a
man of his property without due process of law..
The salutary effect of this ruling will nowhere be
more generally welcomed than in -San Francisco,
where over and over again people have been "im
proved" into insolvency. The history of street work,
like the record of the water front in connection with
the. State, is replete with shameful evidences of the
use of the local government to gratify the rapacity of
contractors and of conscienceless 'speculators. The Su
preme Court of the United States has rendered a great
-«blic service — ...•....--->•-;-. ... s^^
THE PHILIPPINE TRADE.
THE Chinese Consul-General in this city has is
sued the prospectus of the United States and
China Trading Company, to be incorporated
! under the laws of this State, with a capital of from
$5,000,000 to $10,000,000. The prospectus conveys
and repeats much information as to the Chinese trade,
and quotes at large from Sir Charles Beresford on
that subject.
The opinion of the Consul-General is that the
United States, having been non-aggressive in China,
will be preferred by that Government in the granting
of trade concessions and protection in their enjoy
ment. The European nations are, characterized 'in the
document as "aggressive and grasping,'' and the in
ference is plain that China will treat us- as the favored
nation. Silence is maintained, however, upon the
light in which those aggressive and grasping Euro
peans will look upon any attempt to give to us exclu
sive privileges and benefits in China. England, Ger
many and Russia are already there, busy in staking
out spheres of influence and zones of commerce and
posts for military occupation. Whatever grace China
shows toward us brings us in conflict with the in
terests of these prior occupants, and, while we will
have np dispute to settle with China, our contentions
with her other powerful parasites may involve us
very seriously and to an extent not offset by the com
mercial^advantage gained.
The prospectus impleads the Philippine trade with
that of China, and herein betrays' a feeling that Chi
nese interests in the islands require us to help sus
tain them. It says that there are one million Chi
nese in the Philippines, and that Chinese merchants
control their commerce. The proposed California
corporation is to make connections with these Chi
nese merchants already established there and make
use of their facilities for distribution.
The Chinese estimate of the wealth to be gained by
exploiting the Philippines is as sumptuous as that of
Senator Morgan. The Consul-General says: "The
principal products of the Philippines are ' sugar,
hemp, tobacco, rice, coffee, cacao, gums, arrowroot,
indigo, cotton, pepper, cochineal, betel root, areca
nut, cocoanuts and nut oil. In the forests grow
ebony, bamboo, logwood, rattans ai*d numerous hard
woods, gum-bearing trees and plants. The islands
are also fabulously rich in gold, and copper, coal and
iron abound in large quantities."
No wonder that after that dazzling catalogue the
representative of China is able to say that the pro
posed corporation will enter into possession of a
veritable Golconda. The development of this new
field, however, will require labor, and this can only
be had from China. Americans cannot work in that
climate. The million Chinese already in the Philip
pines form a population already in possession. The
present population of the Philippine Islands is 87 to
the square mile, against the average of 81 for Europe,
Asia 48, Africa 15, Oceanica 8, North America 8,
South America 3, and the world's average of 26.
The native races are not given to industry volun
tarily, and it is clear that they must be forced to work
and lashed into taxpaying, as Professor Wooster
says they were under Spain, or a laboring popula
tion must be introduced from China.
It is therefore highly probable that if the future
develop in line with this prospectus issued by the
Consul-General of China, the United States will pro
tect the introduction into the Philippines of a million
more Chinese, who will repeat there the history of
.their invasion of the Straits Settlements, Ceylon and i
: the other tropical countries into -which they have
penetrated.
FAKES, FIGHTS .ND FINANCES.
AT the meeting of the Board of Supervisors last
Monday the first steps were taken to conform
with the act enacted by the last Legislature
authorizing incorporated clubs to give public exhi
bitions of twenty-round boxing contests at any time
upon the payment of a license fee, the amount of
which is to be fixed by county Supervisors. Super
visor Perrault presented a resolution fixing the license
to be paid in San Francisco at $5000 a year, and it was
referred to the City and County Attorney for consid
eration. At the same meeting the permit granted the
National Athletic Club for the boxing match between
George Green and the "Mysterious Billy" Smith was
approved.
The meeting permitted between Green and Smith
has taken place and has furnished a valuable and in
structive lesson to the Supervisors in considering the
Perrault resolution. There was no boxing in the
match. Smith announced that he would not box for
the amount of money in sight and walked out of the
ring. The patrons of the show got their moneys
worth in experience, though doubtless many of them
are convinced they were swindled.
With such an illustration of the ease with which the
public can be defrauded in such exhibitions, the merit
of the Perrault resolution is too apparent to need ar
gument. Something must be done to put an end to
these disreputable fakes. Since the State law de
prives the city of the power to forbid prize-fighting
when called "^i twenty-round boxing match,""the only
course left is to guard against the repetition of frauds.
That can be accomplished only by fixing the license
so high that none but clubs of financial responsibility
.an afford to undertake such exhibitions.. '
It is also right that the county should derive con
siderable revenue from the boxing contests, since the
pugs and their following put the taxpayers to a good
deal of expense for police service. The amount of
the license proposed by the resolution is not at all too
high. If the City and County Attorney reports favor
ably on its validity, it should be adopted at once.
The people of San Francisco have borne too long
in patience the impudent pretensions and the insolent
fakes and frauds of the lower class of . prize-fighter*--.
A high license fee- would -exclude those fel
lows from the ring and- they would have to go to- work
or be arrested as vagabonds. would be rid
or their trickery and the city of their presence.. The
irresponsible clubs that have made money out of
such fellows would have -to close up and quit. From
every point of view, therefore, the enactment of the
ordinance would be a benefit to the community.
It is difficult to understand why the British should
have taken the trouble to seize the Tonga Islands all
of a sudden, unless it be that they just happened to
notice for the first time that the islands are a part of
the earth.
The disappointed patrons of the ring who. after the
Mysterious Billy Smith fake, were consoled by the gift
of tickets of admission to another contest, will- prob
ably find they have been provided with a dissolving
view show.
i >
Coroner Hill readily admits that he carries a super
abundance of fat about his waistband. The impres
sion is rapidly gaining ground that his head is also
acquiring an excess of embonpoint.
With the marked activity in opposition to the pres
ent lighting monopoly in San Francisco the expres
sion "How'd you like :to be the. gasman?" is nothing
short of iroii& , "•■- ••■ --■.* - ■ _
THE SAN FHANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 9, 1899.
A WARWHOOP FROM KENTUCKY-
WITH a multitude of words so numerous as to
form an essay rather than an editorial, the
Louisville Courier-Journal has made reply to
a correspondent who asked: "Accepting, for the
sake of argument, your view, that silver, if not a dead
issue, is at least a dead weight, with what would you
replace it, and how would you line up the party in
1900 so as to give us a fighting chance?"
The Courier Journal, which poses, be it remem
bered, as an organ of -conservative Democracy, re
plies that before it began , the work of .reconstruction
it would "throw out the debris of Populism which
has. accumulated among the. general mass of Demo
cratic wreckage," and then, : having cleared the decks*
for action, "it would proceed to formulate a .line of
domestic policies haying these; four ends in view": ■
First— The destruction of combinations of capi
tal designed to limit production, to raise prices and
to promote monopoly. ;'.■'.' ' . -';■ [\
Second— The raising of the public moneys 'by
taxes fairly divided between .production and con
sumption; beginning with a tariff for revenue only
and ending in a graded income tax, oppressive to
no class or interest."
Third— The recovery to "the. people • of all fran- 1
chises belonging to* the people, but diverted from
public to 'private uses," by the purchase of corpora
tions and individuals, corruptly -working through
State and municipal legislatures. ', •'.' *" ,-'
Fourth Such a, reorganization and reform of our
judicial system as will remove the courts farther
from the Influence of ( the rich and 'make them more
accessible to the poor; a result not to be reached by '
excited appeals arid revolutionary, menaces, but by
calm, conservative methods, originating in the be
nign and orderly 'operations of an enlightened pub
lic opinion.
So that is what they call conservatism in Ken
tucky! A' return to the old disastrous free trade ex
periment, the retaking by the Government of all rail
road and other franchises granted to corporations,
some kind of change in our judicial system, Federal
and State,, and the wholesale breaking up of com
binations suspected of trying to raise prices and pro
mote monopolies.
It would require a campaign book of a thousand
pages to explain what th.it platform means. What
are the combinations of capital that are trying to
raise prices and how are they to be destroyed? How
are taxes to be fairly divided between production and
consumption, and how is the income tax to be graded
so as to be oppressive to nobody? How are the peo
ple to recover all the franchises diverted from public
to private uses, and what will they do with them when
they get them? What sort of reorganization of the
judicial system is to be made so as to remove the
courts farther from the influence of the rich and ren
der them more accessible to the poor, and how is it
to be effected without excited appeals and revolu
tionary menaces?
The proposed platform is, in fact, out of the do
main of reasonable argument. It js so vague and so
suggestive of antagonism between rich and poor that
it could not be argued calmly even by the coolest
headed of men simply because no two could ever agree
as to the meaning of a single plank in it. It is about
as wild a piece of demagogy, as Bryan himself ever
put forward. If that be the best Kentucky conserva
tism can offer, it might as well retire from politics and
leave the Chicago platform undisturbed.
SOCI. LISM .IN GRE. T BRITAIN.
f~* OMMENTING upon the increase of socialism
I among the working classes of Great Britain,
and the failure of the Liberal party to formulate
a policy satisfactory to the people, the Newcastle
Chronicle recently made use of a very striking com
parison. It said: "The Unionist employers in Par
liament who complacently cackle about .the compensa
tion act remind us of nothing so much as the Christ
mas goose which thinks it is chased for its feathers."
The implication is clear. The man who chases the
Christmas goose is out for blood. He desires not a
few feathers, but the whole bird. The British work
ingman is now pursuing the land owners and the cap
italists not for compensation for injuries received at
his work, nor for old age pensions, nor for any
feathers of that kind, but for the nationalization of
land and something like state socialism on a large,
comprehensive scale.
Since Gladstone retired from its leadership the
Liberal party in Great Britain has gone to pieces. It
is now even more disorganized and demoralized than
Democracy in America. It has no leader and no plat
form. The men who are highest in its councils dis
agree among themselves, and not one of them can
rally a formidable following in the country. This
collapse of Liberalism has given radicalism a chance
to assert itself, and the evidences of its growth are be
coming portentous.
The Chronicle says: "Politic?, and especially popu
lar feeling upon politics, are in a state of lethargy
because the country is prosperous and the people as a
whole are slothfully content and given more to vulgar
pleasures than to the passionate ideals of the Chartist
convention. But the next great economic crisis in
this country, causing much popular distress and the
reopening of the unemployed problem in a more
serious form, will mean a rude disturbance in the air.
It will probably mean socialism."
Whether this prediction is to be verified at the
coming of the next commercial depression is depen
dent upon the ability of the Liberal leaders to put
forth a policy sufficiently vigorous to draw the
masses from radicalism into the. Liberal ranks. Cer
tainly when hard times come upon them the people
will not remain sluggish and content under Tory rule.
Some opposition party will carry the country and
assume power, and it appears the socialists are quite
ready to accept the responsibility. Clearly the British
goose is not being chased for its feathers.
After, the. Samoan .incident. it is probable, that .the
Emperor William will try to be good. He has trifled
just once too often with Grandma Victoria, forgetful
that the hand of that lady, was ever on the interna
tional slipper. He knows better now. ' His expe
rience in the back yard of nations with Uncle Sam
and the "Widdy of Windsor", should last him a life
time. He'll not forget it, at any rate, until he has re
covered sufficiently from the correction to be able to
sit upon that part of his anatomy due south of the
imperial equator reddened by the impact of queenly
footwear.
When we have beaten and crushed the Filipinos
of Luzon we will not have to weep for more worlds
to conquer. There are about a thousand islands in
the Philippine group and it will be a long time before
Othello's occupation there will be gone.
■ . —
The formation of the proposed National Referen
dum party is not likely to do much more than afford
every tinhorn reformer in the country an opportunity
to blow himself and think he is beating the band.
The Jamaican revolt against the Government is
likely to be hot stuff, for the island is full of rum and
ginger.
An appropriate salutation for yesterday was, "How
would .you like to he -the r iceman?' "'-<■ '
EDITORIAL VARIATIONS.
BY JOHN McN. UGHT.
John Fiske, a wise man, in the Boston
sense of the term, and one whose fame
has been noted at times even in our
cosmopolitan city, has confided to the
exclusive and almost secret society that
reads the Atlantic Monthly his dogma
on the mystery of evil. Taking as his
text the familiar words: "Your eyes
shall be opened and ye shall be as gods,
knowing good and evil," he maintains
that what we call evil is a force, or a
condition, essential to the moral evolu
tion of man. "The whole universe," he
says, "is animated by a single prin
ciple of life, and whatever we see in
it', whether to our half trained under
standing and narrow experience* it may
seem to be good, or bad, is an indis
pensable ■ part of the stupendous
scheme." It will be seen that while
.this relieves us from old-time anxieties
by removing the devil from our horizon,
it throws a heavy responsibility upon
the original author of evolution. •" -J -
In elaborating his argument Mr.
Fiske maintains that we regard as evil
the conditions from which we . are
emerging by the processes" of evolution
and esteem as good those to which we
are tending. : Thus he says: "As we
survey the course of this wonderful
evolution it begins to become manifest
that moral evil is simply the character
istic of the lower state of living as
looked at from the higher state." That
means the more experience we have
the more evil we know. The good of
to-day is the curse of to-morrow. For
example the people will at one time
shout for a man, work for him, call
him a statesman, vote for him and elect
him Governor; and after trying him
forty days in office will find him deal
ing out the worst brand of pernicious
activity on record — but of course that
illustration doesn't apply to California.
It was borrowed from Kansas for the
sake of euphony. :
This philosophy is of some value to
the world. It has all the merit of a
bread poultice and will relieve the men
tal irritation caused by many of those
minor evils of life which are more vex
atious than t * big ones. It is worth
while applying it to some of the prob
lems that have been fretting the coun
try during the past week; and there is
no better time for experimenting with
the application than this balmy day of
— for as this Sunday follows im
mediately after Easter it has no new
bonnets to show, and therefore there is
no fashionable necessity for going to
church.
To many good souls that really merit
a life of unalloyed comfort, one of the
most distressing things of the week has
been the amount of gorgeous, reckless
rhetoric poured forth column after col
umn in a rapt and almost adoring adu
lation of the matrimonial alliance be
tween an heir of the house of Vander
bilt — brother-in-law of the house of
Marlborough — a daughter of the
house of Fair. It has seemed to many
people that the publication of this ,
phosphorescent mass of "rotten stuff"
about the vulgar ostentation of wealth
was "an cvil — that it was something
which pandered to a spirit of'flunky
ism among us, or served to feed a mor
bid appetite for gossip about the doings
of the rich.
That, however, was not ro. The great
mast, of people who read those daily
columns of gush are not flunkies by
any means. They are men and women
whose minds are so harassed with de
sires for a dollar or a dress suit that
wealth is t" c one object of idolatry. A
millionaire seems to them an ideal
creature. They qelight to read of
golden plates, heaps of diamonds and
splendid silks just as other people like
to read of art and science and poetry,
or to list* to music, but they are not
toadies. They would shy a brick at a
plutocrat if they had a chance.
Men and women whose lives are
made up of incessant toil under sordid
conditions, who are chronically impe
cunious, who long for a holiday to frolic
in the sunshine or the gaslight, to '
wander by the seashore or to dance in
a Nob Hill mansion, but who hardly
ever have as much as a day of really
unrestrained enjoyment in a year, turn
with delight to stories of Dukes and
Earls and millionaires, of stately
palaces, ropes of pearls and exhaust
less wealth by an inevitable law of
their being, just as starving men dream
of rich banquets by reason of the
promptings of the empty stomach. To
the human being tormented by a half
starved life there is a satisfaction in
contemplating those who have every
thing. The feeling is not a vulgar
flunkylsm, but something of an ideal
aspiration, akin to that which Shelley
calls: y*y;
"The love of the moth for the star;
Of the night for the morrow;
The longing for something afar
From the sphere of our sorrow."
Nor was the ostentatious display of
profuse extravagance in the ceremony
to be wholly condemned. From a social
point of view it is perhaps bad, since
it tends to set up the corruptions of
luxury in places where the refinements
of culture should have an undisputed
sway; but from an economic point of
view the extravagance of the rich is to
be commended/ The sooner the fools
among them are,, parted from their
money the. better it is for all concerned.
It is, therefore, worth while to applaud
them when to illumine festal night they
burn money enough to make an aurora
borealis. "*""
What is good to men and women of
one level of intellectual development is
an evil to those of the. next higher level.
On the highest plane of life to-day are
those who find delight in what has
been attained for humanity by men of
genius; on a lower stage are persons
who are eager to learn all the little
scandals and petty details of the lives
of great men, and who are not satis
fled until they have heard all the tales
of the servants and read all the private
letters notes of the gifted ones;
lower still are those whose admiration
is for the sumptuosities of the rich;
beneath them is the class that yearns
to have a description of the under
clothes of the millionaires and learn
the size of their stockings. Finally we
have the class that likes to read about
murderers and to see pictures of the
weapons' with which the deeds were
done. One of these classes is about as
human as another, and if we could wily
supplement the church, the press and
the schoolhouse with a wholesome
whipping post we might do justice to
them all without sentencing anybody to
Hades.
[, -Another source > Irritation during
the week has been the course of politics
in Cleveland and Chicago. A pamphlet
issued by the Good Government League
of Cleveland states that one of the can
didates for Mayor, McKisson, went into
a ward populated largely by a poor
class of Jew* immigrants who cannot
speak English, and informed them,
through an interpreter," in the "course
of a campaign speech, that if they
would vote for-him he would, if elected
Mayor of Cleveland, take steps to com
pel the French Government to release
Dreyfus immediately and pay him dam
ages for false imprisonment. -:
The Good Government League de
nounced the speech as an evil; as an
illegitimate method of campaigning; as
a fraud practiced upon the American
voter. All the same, the League in that
very pamphlet informed the Voters in
straight. English, without, an interpre
ter, that -if their candidate should be
elected Mayor he would break up the
political machines, put an end to the
spoils system, drive the corporations
out of politics and make Cleveland a
clean city. Now that was a bigger lie
than the Dreyfus lie, but it will take
a better po..tical expert than I am to
determine which is on the higher stage
of intellectual development.
Evil after ail is largely a matter of
taste. It will be conceded, of course,
that some evils, like murder, or a
breach of promise, are of such shock
ing bad taste that any one guilty of
them ought to be hanged or shot, but
that is no reason why we should fret
over the majority of those incidents
which show the depravity of our neigh
bors and prove them to be. lower than
ourselves. A broad, liberal toleration
will save us from many an irritation.
For example, the fact that the intel
ligence of San Francisco delights in
The Call and is content with it is no
reason why the fools should be denied
their Examiner.
In elaborating his theory of the evo
lution of man Mr. Fiske says: "The
physical differences between man and
the ape are less important than the
physical differences between African
and South American apes. Zoologically
man is simply one genus in the old
world family of apes." That state
ment raises a curious question as to
what would have been the condition of
man to-day if he had developed from
the American ape instead of the old
world ape. If our primeval progenitor
had been some gracile ape like the
Douroucoulis Nyctiplthecus (profanely
called the owl-faced monkey) disport
ing an innocent life in the sun-lighted,
flower-perfumed forests of this favored
land, instead of a big, black beast roar
ing in the jungles of darkest Africa, is
it not probable that by this time we
would have reached such a degree of
perfection that all of us would be co
tillon leaders with a Gretyiway grace
and not a Supervisor in the bunch?
While the doctrine may be disputed
in the East, it is none the less true
that the farther West you go the more
virtuous you are. A proof of it is to
be found in the contrast between the
conduct of the Western soldier in -the
Philippines and that of the Eastern
soldier in Cuba, as depicted by them
selves in private letters to friends at
home. Here is a case in point, drawn
from the news of the week. A volun
teer writing from a Florida camp says:
"Five of the boys ' married Cuban
wives and brought them home. They
all have either a small lemon or orange
grove, while one of the boys captured
a dusky maiden who has a six-hun
dred-acre coffee plantation. Sixteen
others married Cuban girls, but they
drew blanks, and when the troops came
home they left them to shuffle for
themselves."
Reflect upon the morals of that con
duct just long enough to fix in your
mind the disloyalty of the Eastern J
braves to the girls they left behind j
them and then warm your heart with i
this extract from the letter of a soldier !
at the front in the Philippines:
"Our lady nurse was with us in the •
trenches that night. She sat right next
to me, and every time I took a shot she i
had another cartridge ready for me.
They shot closer than they ever did
before and the bullets were just nipping
over our heads." >v
Such a contrast as is afforded by j
these letters speaks for itself and needs j
no comment. All will admit it was j
shocking bad taste for the Eastern j
braves to forget the girls at home and j
go to investing in Cuban belles as if j
they were tickets in the Havana lottery
—to be kept if they drew prizes and
shuffled off if they did not. The con- '
duct of the Western man, who took his
nurse with him to the trenches and
fought almost in her arms, is not only
better than the Eastern practice by
comparison, but Is positively good— so
very good indeed that one can imagine
him pausing for a moment from his
Filipino target practice, leaning over
to his fair companion and whispering {
through the star-lit battle air, while
the bullets whistled music: "Sweet
nurse, if this be war, may we never \
have peace."
Mr. Fiske concludes his confidence by
saying: "Thus we have arrived at the
goal of my argument. * * * , The
mystery of evil remains a mystery
still. » * * But assuredly its deep
impress upon the human soul Is the in
dispensable background against which
shall be set hereafter the eternal joys
of heaven." It is just as well to let 'it
go at that.
On a Tour.
Rev. I. M. Atwood, D.D.. edt-tor of the
Universalis! and superintendent of Uni- :
versalist- churches, is making a tour of
the united States, and will preach in Oak- !
land Sunday, April 16. His Journey in- !
eludes the southern part of California. He
is accompanied by Mrs. Atw ..1.
■ ~~. *■■»** ' — •
Treat your friends to Townsend's Cal. |
Glace Fruits, 50c lb., in fire etched boxes ;
or Jap baskets. 027 Market street. . * 1
■ ♦ ■ —
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), slo Mont- ;
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Malice in Kansas. j
An Atchison woman has appeared in a
dress worn by her husband s first wife,
and the indignant neighbors have started ;
the story that she goes out to the ceme
tery and dances on the first wife's grave.
—Kansas City Journal.
THE CALIFORNIA LIMITED,
Sante Fe Route.
Three times a week; I*6 days to Chicago, 4H
days to New York. Handsomest train and most I
complete service. Full particulars at 628 Max- •
ket street, I ■ '-._ 4
IAN MACLAREN AS A
PREACHER AND NOVELIST
It was an introduction worthy of
California. The uniformed page boy of
the Palace staggered into the parlor
under the weight of a huge paper par
cel. And little Mrs. Watson, lan Mac
laren's wife, received it in her lap, a
wealth of glorious blossoms rolling out
from the loosened cover. There were
roses, carnations, lilies, lilacs and a
dozen other glowing blooms, not for
getting the far-famed . eschscholtzia,
California's favorite flower.
"What a splendid welcome," ex
claimed Mrs. Watson as she bent over
the fragrant heap. "And there's no
card either. Just imagine! Last night
we plowed our way through twelve
feet of snow and this morning we are
in the land of sunshine and flowers.
It's too wonderful."
lan Maclaren, the novelist, sat at the
table opposite and smiled pleasantly,
not in too pronounced a manner, but
with just that subdued grace charac
teristic of the cultured cleric. How
ever, you must not confuse, the Rev.
Dr. John Watson of the Presbyterian
church with lan Maclaren, the writer
of "Beside the Bonnie Briar Bush,"
and many other famous Scotch stories
of the "Kailyard School." The two
men lead a kind of idealized Jekyll and
Hyde existence. In the pulpit of his
crowded church at Sefton Park, Liver
pool, Dr. Watson is the earnest
preacher, the skilled theologian; here,
on his lecturing tour through the
United States; he is the eloquent
speaker, the genial man of the world,
whose reputation is magnetic enough
to draw crowds wherever he goes, even
through snowstorms and blizzards.
"I am traveling now purely as a ci
vilian, and not as a clergyman," he
went on.
The doctor's dress indicates as much.
He has dropped the clerical broadcloth
for the loose, easy fitting tweed of the
experienced traveler; and, as if to ac
centuate the change of costume, he has
even gone so far as to don a red neck
tie a color which sets at defiance all
the' traditions of the Scottish Kirk.
Still costume notwithstanding, his
clean shaven face, his nroad, thought
ful forehead, his keen dark eyes, half
hidden under bushy eyebrows, mark
him as one set apart for the service of
the church. In fact, with his tall, mas
sive frame, his firm step, his general
air of one born to command, Dr. Wat
son, attired in suitable canonicals,
would have made an ideal English
Bishop. And that he is not on the high
road to this dignity is not the fault of
the Presbyterian church of Scotland.
"I have been tried twice before the
theological court," he remarked, "on
account of a religious work I wrote four,
years ago, 'The Mind of the Master.'
They charged me with heresy because
of the doctrines I expressed, but in each
instance the charge failed. They have
still the right to try me again, on the
general merits of the case, but," he
added with a grim smile, "I do not
think they will."
"And what would have happened had
they found you guilty?"
"I should have been divested of my
orders, and of course expelled from my
church."
"And then?"
"Why, then, it would have been the
Church of England. I shall never aban
don my religious vocation, and of all
churches I lean most toward the Angli
can.
, "Now you must not imagine," eon-,
tinued the doctor, "that this prosecu
tion had anything to do with my
Scotch stories. If there is one thing
more than another which I abominate,
it is theology in fiction. Theology is a
science and 1 should be - treated as " _
thing apart, in its proper place.-' That
is why I always publish my religious
writings under my own name. John
Watson, while for my imaginative sto
ries I use the norn de plume of lan
Maclaren. There are three different
theologies in my tales, according to the
beliefs of the characters whom I have
portrayed.
"No, they are not taken from real
life, my people of Drumtochtv; that is
a popular fallacy. They are composite
photographs, built up, a bit here and a
bit there. Probably there are in Scot
land women like Kate Carnegie, or doc
tors like McClure and Davidson; but
there are none which are- identical in
every detail. I consider that no novel
ist has ever made a success who actu
ally copied from real life. Why. you
cut out at once, all the imaginative and
creative element. That was Disraeli's
great fault. He merely described liv
ing individuals, instead of creating
ideals of his own. And in recent years
there have been cases of the same kind,
though I would . rather not speak of
my contemporaries in fiction. . Not to
mention the bad taste of the thing, we
may draw an analogy from art. The
difference between a real and created
character is exactly that between a
photograph and* an artistic sketch.
i The one merely shows us things just
as they are; the other vivifies them, in-
vests them with an atmosphere of ro
mance; gives them an air of fascina
tion.
"Look at Kipling's people, created by
his wonderful genius. They are abso
lutely lifelike; yet, I venture to say,
not one of them is an actual copy from
real existence. The master hand has
touched them and they breathe. Why.
I have been so closely identified with
some of my characters that only the
other day, in the East, a university
chancellor introduced me to the audi
ence as Mrs. Carnegie's husband. Anfl
they have asked me many times t«
write a novel about the subsequent life
of this lady and her husband. But I
do not think I shall; my forte is the
short story."
In planning his prospective work lan
Maclaren frankly admits the decadence
of what adverse critics term the "kail
yard school" of fiction. "There has
been enough written about the sub
ject," he said. "Barrie and Crockett
and myself, not to mention numerous
other writers, have quite exhausted it.
I shall turn my attention to other mat
ters. In my last volume 'Afterward'
there were only two Scotch stories; all
the rest were English. And now that
I have finished the anna's of Drum-.,
tochtv, there is nothing left to write,
about. By the way. speaking of imagr-"
mary names, I may mention a curious-'
fact. I invented the name of Drum
tochtv, which was really my first par
ish of . Logic Almond, and felt quite
proud of the creation. To my surprise,
I found later that there was actually
a district in Scotland of the same name,
and that many people had visited the
neighborhood in order to locate the
scene of my stories."
The heroism of self-abnegation is to
be the theme of Maclaren's future
work, and it is more than probable that
he will take as the theater of his sto
ries the great commercial center of
Liverpool, where his parochial interests
lie.. '.'I am becoming more, and more
convinced," he remarks*, "that in the
world of commerce there are more op
portunities for sacrifice and self-ab
negation .than in professional - life.
Why, look at the heroism of some of
these men of business, at the risks they
daily run. at the burdens which they
uncomplainingly bear on their shoul
ders. There is romance in commerce.
Daily in the course of my parochial du
ties I have met with unexampled in
stances of devotion, of men and wo
men whose lives have been brightened
by their care for others. It is an op
portunity which has been little util
ized by the novelist, and I propose to
seize it."
Truly, this weary world will not com
plain if lan Maclarcn's magic Den can
turn from Scottish themes and weave
romance into the prosaic, money-grub
bing life of busy Liverpool.
yy yyyy - - J. e\ ROSE-SOLEY."GINGERBREAD FETE" TO BE GIVEN FOR THE BENEFIT OF
THE HOSPITAL FOR CHILDREN AND TRAINING SCHOOL FOR NURSES
AN ARTISTIC
FESTIVAL HAS
BEER PLANNED
Art Treasures to Be
Displayed.
Local Organizations Will Contribute
to Make an Entertainment of
Unusual Excellence — A
Grand Ball. ,
On next "Wednesday night a grand "gin
*- »rbread fete" will be opened at Golden
Gate Hall on Sutter street for the benefit
ol the Hospital for Children and Training
School for Nurses. Why it is a "ginger
bread" fete rather than something else no
one seems to know, but it will be a festi
val given in a worthy cause and ought to
receive the patronage it deserves. The
women who have charge of it have given
their energies with untiring faithfulness
PATTOSIEN'S
HONESTY WINST
Pattosien's Success
Due to Honest
Methods !
BARGAINS FOR EVERYBODY.
It Is a condition of life that Common
Honesty ls, after all, the only basis of
business success; lt ls, after all, the
only and the one strong thread which
connects sense with success; it Is, with-
out power, the keystone to every busi-
ness enterprise.
It ls only a year since Pattosien's
name became at all familiar to the
readers of this paper and to-day the
Pattosien Company is doing the larg-
est housekeeping business on the Pa-
cific Coast. Their business is growing
greater and greater because they have
the people with them, and they have
the people with them because they are
cutting the prices to about two-thirds
of what the installment houses and the
"society" shops would ask for the same
goods.
Why do people from all over town
go out to Pattosien's, in the Mission?
Because they get something for their
money! The biggest success always
follows In the footsteps of big efforts.
It may take a little time for the people
to find out where real merit and true
honesty and liberality hang out. but
sooner or later the honest merchant,
like the just man. will get his dues.
It Is safe to say that there is not in
the whole State of California, such an
assortment of Parlor Suits and ('ham-
ber Suits and Dining-room Furniture
and Sideboards and Chiffoniers and
China Closets and Couches, and Car-
pets .nd Curtains, Rugs and Druggets,
Baby Carriages, Stoves and Ranges, as
can be seen in PATTOSIEN'S, corner
of Mission and Sixteenth streets.
I -=•***
& WsWL' iM*___-_a
SECOND SUCCESSFUL TEAR OF
THE SAN GABRIEL SANATORIUM
FOR THE CURE OF
CONSUMPTION
By the Continuous Inhalation Method.
THE AIR IN EVERT ROOM IS SATUR-
ATED with a germicide. The patient lives
in an atmosphere that positively kills the
perm of tuberculosis. Immediate relief to the
weakening night sweats and cough. Tempera-
ture falls to normal, and four weeks' treat-
' ment Invariably Increase* weight from six to
twenty pounds.
The celebrated Throat and Dung Specialist.
Dr. Robert Hunter of New Tork. writes: "I
entirely approve of all you are doing and pre-
dict great success for your undertaking."
7 A SUMMARY OF 100 CASES.
j I Im- Not Im-I
Character No. Cured, proved, proved. Total.
) /
Ist Stage.. 31 » » 0 M
Id Stage.. 36 It M I M
»d stag*. . so la 13 15 to
The Sanatorium ls owned and operated by
the San Gabriel Sanatorium Co., practicing the
Antiseptic Germiclat Inhalation treatment for
diseases of the respiratory tract. Experienced
phvsieians and nurses are In attendance. The
Sanatorium Is lighted by gas and heated by
steam and open flres. The rooms— over 100 In
number— cheerful, sunny and well fur-
nlFh'd Many suites have private baths.
The Sanatorium Is delightfully located, nine
miles from Dos Angeles, surrounded by twelve
acres of lawn, fruit trees and shrubs. A bil-
liard room, lawn tennis court, croquet grounds
J,,,* free for use of patients. Fuller particu-
lars together with our pamphlet, containing
views of th*» Sanatorium and surroundings and
our methods of treatment, will be mailed free
on application. „
Addr'Si Mil Inquiries SAN GABRIEL SANA-
TORIUM C'>.. San Gabriel. Cal.
[I! DDIIU'Q FOB EITHER SEX.
-_ DnUtt 'J This remedy being in-
Jeetcd directly to tho
e/Sgaa Meat of those diseases
Q, M ■ of the Genito-Urinary
Xt Organ*; requires no
—tl Bffl change of -diet- Care
i »%aw gnaranteed ''ln 1 to 8
7*- daya. small plain pack-
i <~ tnt»—_ -IE* a C" - hv mall, SI.OO,
Uj* y-# JC&JsLSfSoId ouly by
GEO. DAHLDENI'ER & CO.. Sole Agenta.
.714 Kearny it.. San Francisco. Cal.
i /^S___^___]__)^e\
•K : '-jPAT*ENTSf f|
Weak Men and Women
Should USE damiana bitters, THB
v great Mexican remedy; give* health and
" acrtfctfia to sexual organ*. Depot, nil Market.
The Local Mission of Mercy, in Aid of Which a Grand Festival Will Be Given for Four
• Nights at Golden Gate Hall,
to it, and their efforts merit success. The
fete will continue for four nights, and a
matinee will be given on Saturday. The
Hospital for Children and Training
School for Nurses needs money, and the
women whose interest is in unfortunate
and crippled children are determined that
the gingerbread fete shall supply the
need.
Golden Gate Hall -will be transformed
Into a fair of booths and bazaars. Local
societies will contribute an entertainment
cf music and minstrelsy. The sailors of
the lowa will give a vaudeville perform
ance in which the mascot of the warship
will not be permitted to take part, owing
to his recent offenses. The Young Ladies'
Auxiliary of the hospital will supply the
feature of the first night's entertainment.
The Olympic Club, in a series of athletic
specialties, will have the honor of the
second night. The Orpheum will be rep
resented and by permission of its mana
gers will contribute the ability of its per
formers to aid a worthy charity. Friday
night will find the students of Stanford
and Berkeley in charge. At the Saturday
matinee the sailors of the lowa will ap
pear, and on Saturday night the fete will
close. One of the most interesting fea
tures of the fete will be an art room,
whose treasures will be supplied from
many private collections In this city and
Oakland. There will be bronzes, statues
and paintings, and it is expected that one
of the finest public exhibitions ever given
in San Francisco will be the result. This
department of the fete will be under the
direction of Mrs. Helen Hecht and Miss
Kohl.
Seme idea of the character of the enter
tainment* may be obtained from the fol
lowing programme, which is but partially
completed: .
Violin solo. Misses Ames: song, Mrs. Fonda;
clippings from Life; musical pantomime;* liv
ing miniatures; young ladles' auxiliary; Olym
pic Club in specialties; Chinese song. Mrs.
Loosley; specialties by Orpheum combination;
Hawaiian Quartet: "coon" songs and "coon"
dialogues; Stanford. Glee and Mandolin clubs;
Berkeley Quartet; vaudeville company of U. S.
S. Iowa; pretidigitatlon. Mr. Hlrshfeld; Nea
politan Mandolin and Guitar Club; Presidio
Military Band; Hawaiian music by Miss Louise
Howland, Miss Clara Rulofson, Miss Delia and
Bessie Mills, Miss Deane, Miss Pearl Sabin
and Mrs. Richmond Payne.
During the fair the following articles
will be raffled:
Persian rug, from Sloane's; beautiful bronze
statuary, I'rom White House, Automatic sew
ing machine, from Mrs. Watson; elaborate and
artistic French fan, from Mrs. Caswell; dec
orated chocolate set, from Nathan. :mann
& Co. ; large and rare potted fern, from Mr.
Holbrook; artistically finished doll's house,
from Mrs. Wilson; beautiful rocking chair,
from Sloane's; handsome silverware, from
Shreve's.
The ladies having charge of the fete
are as follows:
Lady Managers— Mrs. W. B. Harrington
(president), Mrs, John F. Merrill, Mrs. Wil
liam Hardy, Mrs. L. L. Dunbar, Mrs. J. H.
Dickenson, Miss Fanny Doyle, Mrs. ('. P.
Grant, .Mrs. Henry thin] Airs. F. A. Frank,
Mrs. J. W. Kerr, Mrs. W. T. Fonda Mrs.
Wendell Easton, Mrs. Samuel Knight, Mrs. W.
P. Shaw, Mrs. H. M. Flake, Mrs. F. H. Green,
Mrs. Rolla V. Watt, Mrs. C, E. Holmes, Mrs.
H. P. Miller, Mr: Robert Oxnard, Miss Laura
McKlnstry, Mrs. A. Borel. Mrs. W. J. Dutton,
Miss Mary Kohl, Mrs. Helen Hecht, Mrs. A. C.
Rulofson, Mrs. Henry Payot, Mrs. N. D. Ride
out. Mrs. C. B. Alexander.
Members of Auxiliary— Miss Laura Bates
(president). Miss Gertrude Bates, Miss Hop
kins, Miss Edna Hopkins, Miss Caro Crockett,
Miss Cadwalader, Miss Morgan, Miss Theresa-
Morgan, Miss Bertha Smith, Miss Smedberg,
Miss Carolan, Miss Genevieve Carolan, Miss
Minnie Houghton, Miss Olive Holbrook, Miss
Bernice Drown, Miss Follls, Miss Mcßean, Miss
Mary Eyre, Miss Thomas, Miss Helen Thomas.
Chairmen of Committees — Mrs. John i". Mer-.
rill, entertainment; Mrs. L. L. Dunbar, bazaar;
Mrs. Wendell Easton, oriental booth; Mrs.
Henry Bothln, raffle; Mrs. Antolne Borel, deco
rations; Mrs. Helen Hecht, art room; Mrs. W.
T. Fonda, grab-bag; Mrs. N. D. Hideout, re
freshment; Mrs. A. ,C. Rulofson, lemonade;
Mrs. Samuel Knight, floral; Mrs. James W.
Kerr, music; Mrs. Henry Payot, press; Young
Ladles' Auxiliary, candy booth; "chrysanthe
mums," Junior Auxiliary, sale of flowers.
The fete will be followed next Monday
night by a charity ball, which, it is ex
pected, will be one of the triumphs of the
social season. In pleading for the patron
age of the public in their worthy cause
the managers of the fete have made the
following public address:
The Hospital for Children and Training
School for Nurses was founded In March.
" v 7." (as the Dispensary tor Women and
Children); incorporated November 25, 1885, '
and is situated on California street, be
tween Maple and Cherry. San Francisco,
Cal.
Unprotected, helpless and homeless chil
dren surrounded by misery and suffering
from disease and sickness, appealing to hu
man aid and sympathy through the utter
helplessness of their forlorn condition, sug
gested to some kindly and charitable ladies
the founding of a hospital where such
could be nursed and watched and cared for,
and develop into healthy boys and girls, or
if Incurable, their sufferings lessened and
their minds and bodies directed and In
structed Into usefulness.
Established on humane principles, reject
ing none on account of creed or nativity,
extending a helping hand where help Is
most needed, and doing all in Its power to
ameliorate the condition of the sick and
poor child, this charity asks that you will
extend to It reasonable aid to the end that
it may continue the work that it has begun,
and extend its sphere of well-doing.
It has done a good deal of earnest work
ln a quiet way since its organization twen
ty-four years ago, and through earnest ef
fort and the kindness of the friends of
charity, secured a building site and some
funds for the erection of a hospital adapt
ed to the care of sick and disabled children.
The institution was started in March,
1575, by a number of charitable ladies, the
object being the care of sick and destitute
children and women at their homes and at
the dispensary. In October, 1878, the man
agers placed six beds in the dispensary
building at 228 Post street, and so began in
a very quiet way the work of a hospital. In
February, 1879, the demand Justifying it, a '
teen-roomed house at the corner of
Franklin and Oak streets was leased, where
they remained for nearly a year, again out
growing the building. The large house at
the corner of Twenty-second and Mission
streets became their home, enabling them
to offer more advantages to sick children
than ever before, and here was opened the
children's ward— the flrst of Its kind on the
Pacific Coast, and here were performed the
flrst surgical operations. The Training
School for Nurses admitted its first pupil
In December, 1880. In March, 1881, the hos
pital made another move to an eighteen
roojned' house at 221 and 223 Thirteenth
street where for six years It remained, and
may be said to have made Its reputation.
The building was unsulted ln many ways
for the work, but it wAs adapted as well
I as possible by the managers to. Its purpose
I and with forbearance and patience on the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 9, 1899.
part of the matron and nurses most excel
lent work was done.
In November, 1885, we reincorporated un
der the name of the "Hospital for Children
and Training School for Nurses," which
name it still bears.
In 1886, Nathaniel Gray, our beloved and
lamented friend, seeing our great need, at
this time presented us a fifty-vara lot on
California street, near Maple, and this not
being deemed large enough for the proper
enlargement of the hospital work in the
near future, the demands growing so large
upon our hands, an adjoining fifty-vara lot
was purchased and all paid for with the
exception of $1500, which still remains as a
mortgage.
The site of the new hospital has a front
age of 257:6 feet on the north side of Cali
fornia street by a depth of 132:8 feet on the
west side of Maple street. In IS«6 a hos
pital building, consisting of one story and
basement, having a frontage of 114 feet by
a depth of 88:9 feet, was commenced. Into
which we moved ln February, ISS7, the
building and furniture costing about $22.
--500, all of which was furnished by charitable
persons and the proceeds of entertainments
gotten up by self-sacrificing ladles. We now
being on a solid foundation, could enlarge
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
S. P. Chamberlain of Santa Barbara ls
at the Occidental.
W. A. Veith, a Fresno fruit-grower, ls
a late arrival at the Grand.
William Henry Efflnger. an attorney of
Portland, Or., is at the Palace.
, X. W. Moody, Tax Collector of Fresno,
will be at the Lick for a few daya. ;.y
W. G. Eels, a hat manufacturer of
Philadelphia, is a guest at the Palace.
A. M. Duncan of Ukiah, Supervisor of
Mendocino County, is located at the Lick.
Edward Chambers, a railroad man of
Los Angeles, is registered at the Palace.
L. W. Burris, cashier of the Bank of
Santa Rosa, is registered at the Califor
nia.
Mrs. C. J. Starr has returned from an
Eastern trip and has engaged apartments
at the California
W. H. Post,, manager of th!e Sperry
Flour Mill at Stockton, is at th.- Califor
nia with his wife.
G. F. Randall, paymaster on the Boa
ton, has returned from Manila and is
A MUTINY ON THE
TRANSPORT ARIZONA
THE crews of United States transports do not live like "happy families,"
that is if they are all like those on the Scandia and Arizona. When the
sailors on those vessels are not at outs with the officers the members of
the steward's department are, and when both those branches of the
-service are at peace the members of the engineer's department are at it
hammer and tones. Whether It* is the quasi-naval rule or the climate or
what no one knows. One thing; is certain— there is always a row brewing or
one just .exploited on one or the other of these vessels.
On the trip before last of the Scandia th» uhlp came to a stop in mldocean
through a mutiny. One of the crew was put in Irons and the
cooks and waiters espoused his cause. Then the firemen and coalpassers
took sides with the waiters, and in a short time there was no steam on the
boilers and the big transport lay helpless on the ocean. Finally the prisoner
was released, the men went back to work and the Scandia duly arrived in
San Francisco. . ,
On this last trip of the Scandia there was trouble again in the engine room
and the vessel came into port last Friday with the first assistant engineer un
der arrest. • "''.,;/// _ ;■„•* 'y
On the Arizona there was trouble also In the engine room, and the trans
port came into port last Thursday minus the flrst assistant engineer who
went out on her last August. He was left behind at Hollo to serve a sentence
of fifteen days at hard labor for mutiny. Four others of the engineers were
arrested on a similar charge, but they got off. However, on the return of
the transport to Manila they overstayed their leave thirty-six hours and they
are to be hauled over the coals for that offense before the Arizona leaves
again for Manila
The trouble on the Arizona all came about through the Illness of Chief
Engineer Murphy. At Hollo he was attacked with low fever and had to be
sent ashore to the hospital. In the natural course of events First Assistant
Engineer Dyer would have succeeded him, but the powers that be did not
scee it in that light and First Assistant Pete Owens of the transport St. Paul
was installed as "chief" of the Arizona. The advent of Owens in the engine
room of the Arizona caused general discontent and nil hit* orders ware obeyed
in a sullen manner that boded 111 for hi** future comfort.
While lying at Iloilo "Chief" Owens' room was cleaned out and fumi
gated, and while that was being done Owens occupied the room of the sec
ond assistant. Right next to the room of the second assistant' is that of
Third Assistant Sam Birmingham. ' ,'y, "-r,
While the work of cleaning out the "chief's" room was in progress Bir
mingham had a small party in his room. There . were present Fourth As
sistant Engineer (Junior grade)' Brewster, Fifth Assistant Engineer (Junior
grade) "Con" Harrington and Water-tender "Toby" Linn.
Needless to say the boys had a good time. They got some beer from the
chief steward and the party was continued until the small hours of the
morning. Owens, in the next room, could not get to sleep, but he worried
along until 1 a. m., thinking every minute the party would break up and he
would get to sleep. The boys were only Just beginning to enjoy themselves,
and when a fresh supply of iced beer was ordered up the "chief" thought
it was time to interfere. This he did and ordered Brewster, Harrington and
Linn to their rooms and told Birmingham to go to bed. At this point First
Assistant Dyer came on the scene, and, calling Owens every name on the
calendar, told the boys to go on with their fun and Owens to go to a warm
er place than Iloilo. The party was continued and the whole crowd of assist
ants laughed and jeered at Owens. The latter lost no time In reporting the
matter to Captain Ames, with the result that the quintet were locked up in
five separate bathrooms, where the** had to spend the remainder of the night.
Next morning Captain Ames signaled the shore and a naval launch was
sent out to the transport. Dyer, Birmingham, Brewster, Harrington and Linn
were ironed and sent ashore. They were tried, and Dyer got fifteen days at
hard labor, while the others were let off with a reprimand. Dyer will be
back here on the Ohio, and then there is going to be some fun. He is after
Owens' scalp and vows that he will get it. There will be an investigation at
this end into the matter, but as the Arizona will probably sail again next
Saturday the chances are that Dyer will not be here to give evidence.
First Assistant Engineer Mean*, of the Scandia is also in trouble and his
case will also be decided this week. He was formerly in the stsam engineer
ing department at Mare Island, but was appointed to the Scandia when she
went under the United States flag. On the voyage here he forgot himself on a
number of occasions, and was finally placed under arrest. Frank James, ..the
second assistant, was promoted and will sail on the transport for Manila as
first assistant. y*\:;? ' '■.■>':*"<
-»-88^88-*BB^B^B^ 88 *^^»^»^B*BB^BB'4- 88^e8-»-S9^BB«{B^9«- SS-tSS^S^S^jS^ss^l
our work for children, which will, we trust,
endure ln San Francisco for all time.
This ls the only Children's Hospital on
this coast, and receives no State aid, and
is entirely dependent upon voluntary contri
butions to carry on this great humane work
for poor, sick and disabled children, of
whom there are a great many among us,
and the proper training of educated nurses,
there being now about seventy-five sick and
disabled children and forty-five nurses ln the
hospital.
The cost of running the hospital is now
about 53000 per month, about half of which
has to be collected from small subscriptions.
All physicians connected with the Insti
tution Rive their entire services without
pay.
Children are sent to the hospital by phy
sicans and various charities. The hospital "is
essentially a beneficence and ls doing char
itable work ln an effective and practical
way, and we pray for the children's sake
and for the sake of humanity that you will
help these helpless little ones.
The present Board of Trustees consists of
the following named gentlemen: H. L.
Dodge, president: W. F. Whittier, vice
president; John F. Merrill, secretary; John
Tayolr, treasurer; William J. Dutton.
registered at the Russ. He Is accompa
nied by M. S. Armstrong, and will go to
Mare Island to await further orders.
Andrew Brown, who is largely engaged
in various enterprises in Kernvllle, is lo
cated at the Grand.
J. A. McLean, a railroad contractor of
Spokane, Wash., and C. C. White, a
Fresno banker, are guests at the Lick.
W. M. Broadhead, a capitalist of
Jamestown, N. V., is at the Palace with
his family and will visit the points of in
terest in the State.
A. L. Begbie. a mine-owner of Tuol
umne County, and O. Woodward, a land
owner of Staten Island, are among the
arrivals at the Grand.
' * «
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK. j
NEW YORK, April B.— J. A. McNear of
San Francisco Is at the Fifth Avenue.
Leaders of Fashion,
As well as the conservative man of busi
ness, are more than pleased with the style,
fit and workmanship of the suits made by
J. Edlln, the Baldwin tailor, now at rooms
403-404 Hearst building.
Mr. Edlln carries a line of goods that
comprises the best products of both hemi
spheres at most reasonable rates and the
excellence of style and fit is a revelation.*
-V ; ADVERTISEMENTS.
IHHBBHBBHBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBHHBHBBBSBHBHBBBHBBBBBBBBflBBBBDiHBEQBBBBri!
Every [miff murphy Bunding, / to=Date |i
Department {/{/ Market, Jones and McAllister Sts. / Materials. |
®®®sxg®®®®®^ — —
We Wish to Draw Special Attention
TO VALUES OFFERED
THIS WEEK
... iisr ourt . . .
THREE LEADING DEPARTMENTS?
COLORED DRESS GOODS. Ladies' Tailor-Made Suits. SILK DEPARTMENT.
fKt $6.90. — '—
__ _ LADIES* CHEVIOT CLOTH TAILOR- n+ ***-.+«•,
fKt —IS Cents. MADE SUITS, fly front Jackets lined / "* r c>= * , - ents *
un r,'<w»q HOMESPUN DRESS with silk serge; Skirts well lined and BLACK FIGURED TAFFETA SILK,
finon^ double fold all wool " will ' faced; colors blue, brown, green and 24 inches wide, worth 85c, wlll be,
be°offe S red d a" b 25 e c ayard. ™ 01 ' ff^red^a^ $G.M C each. orth ™ M ' ** "^ *' & yard '
fKt 50 Cents. At 310.00. At 75 Cents.
xrx «i«« M 'w Txrr-w r.TfV«s<*! noon** LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS of ~r '>? V*.*^.V*~*
in ■ rtSSdS a^d covert euects will black and navy serge; fly front Jack- COLORED TAFFETA SILK. all
hi ™ _\% lt *a yard ets lined with silk Skirts double lined shades, worth 85c, wlll be sold at
be placed on sale at oOc a ara. and bound wRh velvet; good value for 75c a yard.
$12.50, will be offered at $10.00 each.
FKt 75 Cents. At 00 /\t 75 Cents.
3 /- CLOTH 1 5Mnth^ widf^^snrinff SADIES' TAN COVERT CLOTH TAIL- COLORED BAYADERE STRIPED
* gSJ?'-wlrth C »' oxrl%M7oT % S . OR-MADE SUITS; fly front Jackets SILK worth $1, will be sold at 75c
cial sale at 75c a yard. lined "h silk; Skirts well made and a yard.
cial sale at 7»c a jara. llned . va , ue fQr w , u be offered
_■+ — + « at $15.00 each ± s| . oo-
-v, , « tTtXt S^tt V^t% At , ' 7 « SO - BLACK SATIN DUCHESSE, 24 inches
27 pieces 44 INCH FRENCH MIXED LADIES* TAN COVERT CLOTH TAIL- wide, worth $125, will be sold at $1
DRESS GOODS, worth $120 a yard, OR-MADE SUITS; tight-fitting Jack- ayard.
will be placed on sale at <oc a yard. etSf n ne( with silk; perfect hanging " ; —
. skirts, well lined and bound; worth
$22.50, will be offered at $17.;W each. fKt SI.OO.
At SO Cents. — " - -, FANCY STRIPED and CHECKED
41 pieces ALL WOOL STORM SERGE, I JlfllftQ 1/IfKPK /UlnL/ltl^ SILK, worth 25, will be sold at
• 46 inches wive, will be offered at l^ttUlW3 (laWA&ld tIHU VUUWS. $1 a yard .
50c a yard. * _ J - m^ _ fc .-».
y Mt 55.00.
a* <ftl o—\ LADIES' TAN COVERT CLOTH JACK- -*** SI.OO.
„ T <j>i.^r-». -mm ETS; fly fronts, faced with silk; good COLORED TAFFETA SILK, 27 inches
*2 pieces FRENCH NOVELTY SUIT- value for $6.50, will be offered at $5.00 . wide, worth $125, will be sold at $1
ING, 45 inches wide, crepon effects, each. a yard,
on sale at $1 25 a yard. " " _ — — — "
fKt $8.50. _
fKt 50 Cents. LADIES' BLACK KERSEY CLOTH a* SI.OO.
 .~ „ T-rx-r*. att xtrrk^T vr*vi- JACKETS, lined throughout with BLACK FIGURED GROS GRAIN
«■ E,*?«!S J T I: >E ALL-WOOL NOV- silk extra value for $10-00 wlll be of . SILK, worth $135, will be sold at
ELTY PLAID, 36 inches wide, new fered at $« «> each. $1 a yard,
designs, will be offered at SOc a lerea at * -°° ea - c J}r_ ♦** a Jaru '
yard At $3.00. _. G..-E-
-«-l **. x-.e* LADIES' BLACK DIAGONAL CLOTH „, . T^ „ T f^.. TV • ■ "=>• ,
fKt $1>25. _ CAPES, length 24 inches; regular BLACK SILK, with colored figures.
19 pieces 54 INCH MIXED COVERT price $5.00, will be offered at $3.00 each. worth $1 50, .will be sold at $115 a.
SUITING or tailor suits, spring a * <_a^ or» ' yard.
shades, will be offered at $1 25 a / -* T st>ou >'' xl mrr
yard. LADIES' BLACK DIAGONAL CLOTH a t _\\.r2.S.
> . CAPES, lined with Italian cloth. 5" *»«<"*»•
DRESS LENGTHS AND REMNANTS handsomely braided and beaded; good FANCY PLAID AND STRIPED
will be closed out at greatly re- value for $8.50, will be offered at $6.00 SILK, worth $1 50, will be sold at
duced prices. each. *1 20 a yard.
DORA FUHRIG
SENTENCED TO
TWENTY YEARS
Infamous Midwife for
San Quentin.
HER HUSBAND BREAKS DOWN
HIS TEARS FLOW WHEN THE
TERM IS FIXED.
The Prisoner, However, Evinced but
Little Emotion Judgment Pro
nounced Against Other
Convicts.
Mrs. Dora Fuhrlg. who was recently
convicted of the murder of Mrs. Anna W.
Walmsley by means of a criminal opera
tion, was sentenced to serve twenty years
In San Quentln Prison by Judge Cook
yesterday. When sentence was passed
! Mrs. Fuhrig simply cast a contemptuous
j glance at the court and took her seat.
; Her husband, however, was overcome by
j his emotions, burst out crying and was
j led from the courtroom.
The crime for which Mrs. Fuhrig must
I leave her home and spend perhaps her
j remaining days in prison is the fourth
charged against her. As each crime was
placed against her she boasted that the
: police could not convict her, but finally
I they gathered her in and her carnival of
murder was at an end. A short time ago
she was tried for the murder of Mrs.
Annie Eggertson, but the jury acquitted
her. Subsequently Mrs. Eggertson's hus
band, heartbroken over the death of his
wife, committed suicide. Then District
Attorney Murphy personally took up the
prosecution of the woman and convicted
her. Had* she escaped on this charge
there were still two more against her,
and District Attorney Murphy had deter
mined to try her on all, and even though
she escaped the penitentiary she- would
have been glad to leave the country and
thereby save herself further trouble.
Her conviction and heavy sentence is
a matter of satisfaction to the public,
and it is believed that the effect will work
much good through frightening others of
her Ilk and forcing them to abandon their
criminal pursuit.
Michael Enright, convicted of robbery,
was sentenced to ten years in Folsom
prison. Lawrence Murphy was given a
term by the same court of three years in
San Quentin for burglary. Judge Lawlor
sent John Carroll and Ed Musgrove, who
were convicted of breaking into a Mission
street store, to Whittier Reform School
during their minority, and sentenced
James Phillips, convicted of burglary, to
six years in San Quentin. ;.,"..
CONSUMPTION CURED.
An old physlflan. retired from practice, had
placed ln his hands by an East India mission
ary the formula of a simple vegetable remedy
for the speedy and permanent cure of Con
sumption, Bronchitis, Catarrh, Asthma and all
Throat and Lung Affections; also a' positive
and radical cure for Nervous Debility and ail
Nervous Complaints. Having tested its won
derful curative powers in thousands of cases,
and desiring to relieve human suffering, I will
send free of charge to all who. wish it. this re
cipe, in German, French or English, with full
directions for preparing and using. Sent by
mail by addressing, with stamp, naming this
paper, W. A. Noyes, 820 Powers block, Roches
ter, N. Y. ,
DOCKERY'S HEAD
TO DROP INTO
BURNS' BASKET
L. A. Devoto Billed for
Food Inspector.
REWARD FOR THE "FAITHFUL"
EFFICIENT OFFICER MUST GIVE
WAY TO THE "PUSH."
Light Thrown on Gage's Veto of a
f State Sanitation Bill Dr. Law
lor of San Quentin
Alarmed.
Leon Dennery was refused a seat in the
! State Senate by the voters of the Twen
j ty-fourth Senatorial District. Dan Burns
' coated his wounded feelings with verbal
| balm in the shape of a promise that a
gubernatorial tool should appoint him a
member of the State Board of Harbor
j Commissioners or Registrar of Voters for
| San Francisco.
Howard E. Wright, not only disgraced
himself, but east so inky a blot upon the
escutcheon of the Assembly by a number
of Infamous acts that he was compelled
to give up the Speakership. Dan Burns
buoyed him up in his dark hour by softly
whispering into the disgraced ex-Speak
er's ear the musical pledge that he should
be made the State Commissioner to the
Paris Exposition.
By these two examples it has been de
duced that it pays, financially, at least,
to be a member of the Burns-Gage
"push." In further proof of this fact
comes the announcement that Chief Food
Inspector Dockery is to be deposed for no
other reason than that one of Burns'
henchmen may have his pockets lined for
swelling the ranks of the "faithful" dur
ing the late legislative ' session. It is
learned from an authentic source that
Louis A. Devoto, the Sixth street saloon
keeper, is to supplant Dockery by the
wish of Burns and the acquiescence of
Gage. r^.y-'y*
The name of Dockery and his feats on
the road In behalf of unadulterated milk,
and later for all classes of pure food, are
familiar in every household. He may
properly be called a public idol. So far
as Known, neither Burns nor Gage can
assign a good reason for refusing to con
tinue him in the office he now nils. But
the "faithful" must be rewarded though
the heavens fall. Devoto stood by Burns
at Sacramento from first to last, and few
believed that it was because he wished
to see Colonel Dan of Mexico "vindi
cated." The news that he is to succeed
Dockery shows that from one standpoint
Devoto knew where he "was at."
When the bill providing for State in
spection of foodstuffs was placed before
the Legislature Dockery went to Sacra
mento and did all he could to favor its
passage. It passed both the Assemnlv
and the Senate, but received a pocket
veto at the hands of Gage. It was pro
phesied at that time by political seers
that this evidence of the Governor's de
sire to rob Dockery of the credit which
would have come to him provided thw
bill became a law showed that the Chief
Food Inspector could look for little from
those in power in high places. That
prophecy is now fulfilled. The ukase lias
gone forth. Dockery, a good official* will
have to step down; Devoto, a faithful
"tout," will take his place.
In a short time the news of other In
tended appointments, will reach the pub
lic, and it is safely predicted that in all
cases the wind will be tempered to the
faithful. In one instance of an intended
appointment, however, an open mouth
threatens political undoing. Dr. Lawlor
of San Quentin Prison was scheduled for
health officer and In his pride and Joy
he* heralded the news broadcast. The
colonel is an ardent admirer of a si '11
ten-rue. and It is asserted that In »he
case of Lawlor too much talking may be
the cause of a "turndown."
No other music house in the city car
ries the assortment found at Mauvais',
769 Market street. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TS "ISE WORKING CAPITAL OFHTMANTTY
.„Sf who loses that Is wrecked Indeed. Is yonr
health fa-ling you? Your strength, ambition,
vigor, vitality wasting away ? c ** 6Ui * """»"«"■.
© *^p^^** °
DOCTOR SWEANY,
The old reliable and longest-established special,
lsts on the Paciflc Coast.
NERVOUS DEBILITY and all Its attend-
ing aliments of YOUNG, MIDDLE-AGED and
OLD Men. The awful effects of neglected or
Improperly treated capes, causing weakness of
the body and brain, dizziness, failing memory,
lack of energy and confidence, pains In th«
back, loins and kidneys and many other dis-
tressing symptoms, unfitting one for study,
business or Enjoyment of life. Dr. Sweeny's
special treatment can cure you. no matter who
or what has failed.
WEAK MEN, Lost vigor and vitality re-
stored to weak men. Organs of the body which
have been weakened or shrunken through dis-
eases, overwork, excesses or Indiscretions ar*
restored to full power, j strength and vigor.
RUPTURE cured by his new method with-
out knife, truss or detention from work— pain-
less, sure and permanent cure.
VARICOCELE, hydrocele, swelling antJ
tenderness of the glands treated successfully.
CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON, SYPH-
ILIS and all diseases of the blood prompt!*
and thoroughly cured and every trace of ths
poison eradicated from the system forever,
restoring health and purity. j.:-..
PRIVATE DISEASES, Inflammation, dis.
charges, etc.. which. If neglected or improp-
erly treated, breaks down the system and caust
kidney disease, etc., permanently cured.
Women's Diseases a Specialty.
WRITE if you cannot call. Letters confl*
dentlal and answered -in all languages.
HOME TREATMENT— The most success,
ful home treatment known to the medical pro.
fession. Thousands who were unable to call nl
office have been cured at home by our special
treatment. Consultation free. Call or address
F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
737 Market St.. San Francisco.
Office Hours— 9 to 12 m. 2 to 5 and 7 to I
p.' m. ; Sundays from 10 to 12.
Avoid "all drying Inhalants ms x 'gKJmVi
and use that whlch fcV^C?^^S^Jw6
cleanses, soothes and healsK3rCSo4W BAU*»^JS
the membrane. &S^c^4>^yy-C--a
Ely's Cream Balm RfeSP^J
Is such a remedy and 'l'Jffij^, *?ff.ff/fr?
cure -F J^WM\
' CATARRH f&__t^y___
Easily and pleasantly. _?£§s -^Vww«
Cold in the H.ad B»Er*«vs^C3S
Quickly vanishes. g>jy^*J>"i< v *' w X*3
Cream Balm is placed into nostrils, spreads
•over the membrane and ls absorbed. Relief is
Immediate and a cure follows. It ls not drying,
—does not produce sneezing. Large size, GOc;'
at druggists or by mail; trial size, 10c, by
mall.
BLY BROTHERS. 5* Warren street. New York. :
78
DOWN WENT THE
DOORS AND THE
GAMES STOPPED
Price and His Squad
in Chinatown.
LOTTERY GAMES ARE RAIDED
FIVE OF THE BIG LAYOUTS
TAKEN AS EVIDENCE.
ffhe Lieutenant and His Men Fut in i
a Busy Day With More Than
Satisfactory Results Every
Shop Was Closed.
The rataplan of 16-pound sledges on un
yielding iron doors brought Chinatown
up with a round turn last night, and told
It thai Lieutenant Price and his squad
were at It again, and that for a time at .
least lottery and fan-tan would not be \
profitable speculations. Lieutenant Price :
and his squad have a way of taking out
iron strapped ddnrs. and scooping costly
layouts, with their owners, that becomes
quickly unpopular with tTie -sportive Ce
lestials, and by 10 o'clock last night
thero was not a game going anywhere
in the district. The doors were wide open
and the watchmen stood smiling blandly
at the doorsteps.
During the day five of the biggest lay
outs In town were caught i*. '. their own- :
ers bundled into the patrol wagon and
hurried down to the California street sta- j
tion. The fun began at noon when Offi
cers Taylor and Bunner descended on
Big Chung's layout at 911 Dupont street.
Chung has grown wary after numerous i
experiences at the hands of Price's men. |
and though it had been known for some
days that he was operating again an at- {
tempt to catch him at It had been futile.
When the oflicers reached his place yes- t
terday the watchman tried to touch'thej
alarm bell that gives warning upstairs |
in order that the layout may be either
burned or concealed, but Bunner caught '
him it the Jaw with, a powerful blow and ;
laid him out in the street. The rest of
the job was easy and It was a matter of
only a few minutes when three men and |
tall of Chung's paraphernalia were in the j
patrol wagon.
Chinatown's swell restaurant at 917 j
Dupont wns the next fame in hand. A
lottery had been established there for 1
Thre»' days under the ownership of Buck !
Guy; an old offender, and the raid of yes- ]
terday was begun only after careful ar- j
•ranjremonts had been made. Warning.
however, was given before the officers
could reach the room, but they captured
the outfit after chasing the ticket mark* I
Tip three iliehts of stairs and out on the
roof. He had the layout with him.
One man nnd the layout of the Yee t
Ynii Chung Company at 808 Duponi was
taken, and further operations were post- j
pom until evening, when officers Tay
lor and King got 'titer man and lay
out in one of little Pete's old stores at j
727 Jackson street.
Later they heat in the door of an es- |
tablishment near the corner of Dupont
and Washington streets ano ok four
more lottery players and two more com- !
plete outfits. Further investigation de- |
veloped that their successful work with
the sledge had closed ever*.' other game
In town, temporarily at least.
A MURDEROUS HIGHBINDER.
Bold Attempt to Kill Ah Vow in Ross
Alley.
A fold attempt at murder was made in I
Roe-- alloy, a small street running from '
Jackson to Washington, between Dupont
and Stockton, shortly after 9 o'clock last
night.
Ah Tow, a tailor employed at the fac
tory of Hung On, &59 Clay street, was
walk! leisurely up the alley. Sud- :
denly a man sprang out of a doorway,
stuck a pistol against Ah Vow's neck and '
fired. The wounded man grappled with ;
his assailant for a moment, but the ,
would-be murdoror broke away and dart
ed up into a small alley, where he was
soon lost to view. A number of houses '
back on this alley, and it is supposed that '
ho managed to secrete himself in one of
those.
Lieutenant Price and the whole China
town squad appeared on the scene al- '
most Immediately, and although a dill- ;
gent search was -. ide no trace of the
■murderous binder could be found.
The police, however, have learned his
name, and expect to find him within a
few days. ;
The Injured man was taken to the Re- :
ceiving Hospital, where it was found i
that the bullot had gone through the neck I
and come out over the right ear. The I
■wound is not serious. ]
The shooting is the outcome of a rivalry :
botwoon two * 'dors' unions. Ah Vow
ADVERTISEMENTS.
RUPTURE CUBED,
SUFFERED THIRTY-THREE YEARS
AND NIGH TO DEATH.
Bemapkabie Experiences of a Citi-
zen of Rlceville, lowa.
WM. T. BLANDIH.
, One of the best -known men in Mitchell !
County Is rejoicing In the fact that after suffer-
ing thirty-three years with a dangerous rupture
he wa* Anally cured by the system Invented by
•Dr. W. S. Rice. Adams. N. Y. Mr. Blandln la
never so happy as when relating; the story of
* hi!* cure. For the greater part nf his life he
was laid up in bed. his rupture being* so large
. that he could not find a truss to hold it untlr
he learned of the Dr. Rice method. Mr. Blandln
tells of a near, neighbor of his who was also
ruptured and for whom Mr. Blandln sent for
the Rice treatment. The ,* a y it arrived this
•neighbor waa suddenly stricken with a strangu-
lated hernia; two doctors and a half-dozen men
held him down, the pain being co Intense that
be waa out of his mind. Mr. Blandln arrived
on the scene Just in the nick of time, and a few
minutes after the patient had revived from a
powerful dose of chloroform the Rice system
was put on, they had him up and dressed and
he walked out to his barn. The circumstances
of these two cures attracted wide attention
throughout the State. Dr. Rice has recently
prepared a book giving a full description of his
method. It is a home cure at a very small
post, and. best of all, It cures without pain.
danger, detention from work or inconvenience
of- any kind. Readers should send for this
book and mall It to any one they know to be
ruptured. Such an act of kindness will be
worth a great deal to those who suffer from
rupture. Write to Dr. W. S. RICE, 418. A.
Main street, Adams, Iff, l".
and his assailant have worked side by side
in the same shop, but they belonged to
different unions. Ah Vow has frequently
been warned to leave his union and loin
the other one, but has always refused to
do so. Both men .are memuers of the
Sam Yup Society and more trouble is
expected.
HARES ARE NOW
FAT AND LAZY
SHORT BUT SPIRITED RACES
AT UNION FARK.
Quite a fair-sized crowd of people in
terested in coursing witnessed the run
down of an eighty-dog open stake and
two rounds of an extra stake for second
class dogs yesterday at Union Coursing
Park.
'wing to the soft feed the hares did
not run well, although in one or two
courses the spectators were treated to
the kind of racing that places the con
testants out of impossible chance of run
ning well into the stake money. The
course between Burning Shame and Vic
tor King was a gruelor. The King will
not kill and his assistant is a young dog
I that has yet much to learn of the tricks
of tho game. The hare played with the
dogs In the vicinity of the slipper's stand
until the long-tails were pretty well ex
hausted. The owner of Burning Shame,
J. O'Shea, in an attempt to save his
charge from any possible accident, kicked
at the hare as it passed him. and this
ing a breach of the rules of coursing,
the judges immediately ordered the white
I flag raised, under which color Victor
King was running. Shea explained his
I action by saying that he did not propose
! that nis young dog should run herself to
i death.
| In the race between High Born Lady and
The Exile the judge raised his cap, which
signal meant an undecided course. The
owner of Exile then withdrew his charge
and the Judge, contrary to the rules un
der which coursing is conducted in the
park, notified the owners the rules
which coursing is conducted in the
, notified the owners of High Born
.Lady that their dog must run a bye.
Thompson objected, but the judge was
obdurate, ana the Lady had to run the ;
bye as ordered.
The short-enders had a good day. In the
extra stake the races that put money in*
the pockets of those who wagered on the
short end were: Flushing Lass and Sir
John Anion, Hard Lines and li B,
Eclipse and Lady Gilmore, Ben Bolt and
Mission Tip. The all-aged or open stake
was not without surprises also. One of the
novel features of the day's sport was
three undecided courses between Maud
S and Victor Queen. The first named
dog ran unsighted twice, but finally won
by a small margin. The following is a
result of the day's coursing:
Kxtra stake — Tne run-down: Flushing Lass
beat Sir John Arnott; Hard Lines beat B B;
Black Night beat Maid ot Erin; Lady Gilmore
beat Eclipse; While Tip beat Miss Dividend;
Mission Tlj> beat Ben Bolt; Dauntless beat
Revolver; Winning Ways beat Sunburst; St.
Elmo beat Free Silver Boy; Pastime beat Ruth
Ashmore; Richmond Queen ■eat Valley Maid;
Expense beat Banner Bearer; Maid of Hill beat
Clltton Lass; Mary Ann beat Little Dorrit;
Woodbyne beat Van Knapp; Wheel of Fortune
beat Magdallah.
Second round— Hard Lines beat Flushing
Lass; Black Night beat Lady Gilmore; Mission
Tip beat White Tip; Winning Ways beat
Dauntless; Pastime beat St. Elmo; Maid of the
Hill beat Richmond Queen* Mary Ann beat Ex
pense; Wheel of Fortune i eat Woodbyne.
This stake will be finished to-day.
Open lie— Result of run-down: ''onnemara
beat Flush; Walt a Little beat Lamplighter;
Mercy May beat Conqueror; Metallic beat Fear
Not; Tiger Lily eat Royal Flush; Firm Friend
beat Golden Russet; Jennie Wilson beat Tic
Tac; Battleship beat lowa Giri; False Flatterer
beat Rock Island King; Nellie B beat Bonnie
Scotland; Emm Pasha beat Snapshot; Petronius
ran a bye; Sylvia beat Royal Prize. Young
America beat Lady Emma; Luxor beat Kid
McCoy; St. Gertrude beat Douglas; Victor beat
Lady Herschel; Eleven Spot beat Beauty Spot;
Wild Lassie beat Olympus; Glen Roy beat Fly
ing Buck; Rod of Ash beat Mira Monte;
O'Grady beat Blackette; High Born Lady beat
The Exile; Koolawn beat Soubrette; Lottie
M beat Swedish; Bo Peep beat Trinket;
Mystic beat Van Knai ; Gladiator boat Scot
tish Chief; Interesting beat Swinnerton; Mystic
Maid beat Tod Sloan; Miss Grizzle beat Lalla
Rookh; Prince Hal beat Moondyne II; Victor
King beat Burning Shame; Maud S beat Victor
Queen; Lawrence beat Hadlwlst; Mohawk beat
Statesman; Royal Flush beat Vigilant; Can
delarla beat Rosalind; Shylock Boy beat Nlda*
Ida beat Utah Flyer.
DISSIPATION KILLED
MRS. BELLE ANDERSON
A WEEK'S SPREE ENDED IN DE
LIRIUM AND DEATH.
After a brief life of 28 years, the latter '
part of which was spent in the muddy
Whirl of dissipation, Mrs. Belle Anderson
I went the way of the rapid and ended a
i miserable exist! at half-past 1 o'clock
yesterday afternoon in a lodging-house
at 74" Howurd street.
A week ago the dead woman went on
a spree with another woman, and last
Sunday night she spent a hilarious hour
In the American JTield saloon, on Kearny
street, near Pacific. She left the saloon
i with a man named Jack Gilhooly, both
I being intoxicated, and when she awoke
I the next morning in her room she was
retching and vomiting and suffering in-
I tense pain In the region of the stomach.
I Dr. Schmelz of 720 Howard street was
j called to attend her on Thursday night
j and found her suffering with symptoms
j of arsenical poisoning.
j He closely questioned her as to whether
, she had taken any poison, but she stren
j uously denied having done so. She said,
however, that some months previous sne
had swallowed "rough on rats'' with in
tent t.i commit suicide and had suffered
with int. fame symptoms, but had recov
ered.
The doctor tested some of the contents
of the stomach, but could not find any
trace of arsenic or other poison. The
woman died in about an hour alter the
doctor had been called in. and the case
was reported to Coroner Hill, who had
the body conveyed to the Morgue. An
autopsy will be made to-day.
NEARLY A RIOT IN THE
PRODUCE EXCHANGE
CAUSED BY A LITTLE CIGAR
STAND.
There was an incipient riot in the Pro
duce Exchange yesterday morning. It was
all over a little cigar stand that is in i
course of erection just to one side of the
entrance to the offices of the exchange. '
To some of the members the sight was
like a red rag flaunted in the face of a
bull, and for some time puts and calls
were entirely neglected, while several of
the members gave vent to their indig
nant protests against what they consider- \
ed a desecration of their property. Others !
took a less serious view of the matter and
added fuel to the Ire of their colleagues ,
by chaffing them. In return the latter Set
about investigating the matter for the pur- I
pose of learning by what right the disfigur- i
ing structure was being erected. It was
learned that the privilege had been grant
ed by the directors of the Merchants" Ex
change for a monthly recompense of $50.
The Produce Exchange and the Mer- j
chants' Exchange are joint owners of the I
building on California street, and the pro
testing members of the former took im
mediate action to bring about the banish
ment of the objectionable structure. A
petition addressed to the directors of the '
Produce Exchange was signed and put j
into circulation, asking the directors to '•■
call a special meeting of the members of l
that body to discuss ways and means to
rescue the exchange from the alleged
humiliation of the cigar stand excres
cence. The petition will receive the.
requisite number of signatures on Mon- i
day, and when the special meeting is call- |
ed some lively times are anticipated.
Meanwhile the building of the cigar stand j
is being rushed.
Sunday's Handball Sport.
The following entries for to-day's
handball games at Phil Ryan's court at
858 Howard street are announced:
L. Waterman and E. McDonough vs. D. J.
Sheehan and E. Lynch.
Q. Hutchinson and M. Dillon vs. P. Kelly
and P. Hutchinson.
W. H. Biebcrst and W. H. Kedian vs. N. J.
Prendergast and A. J. (Irlrnth.
E. Barry and R. Housman vs. D. Regan and
T. Foley.
.1. Dow ling and M. Bash vs. P. Ryan and
J. Lawless.
E. Maloney and J. White vs. J. Collins and
M. Maguire.
- J. C. Nealon and A. Hampton vs. M. J. Kil
gallon and R. Linehan.
"89" Cleveland bicycles, 140 and $50; "99"
Crescents. $35. Leavitt * Rill. 9M I • •*•«■■ *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 9, 1899.
WERE ASSISTED
IN PILFERING
BY A WOMAN
Arrest of Four Thiev
ing Employes. .
ROBBED THE HARRY UNNA CO.
VALUABLE PROPERTY RECOV
ERED BY DETECTIVES.
Ella Chase, the Female in the Case,
Accused of Receiving the Plun
der — Ringleader
Confesses.
For several months past the Harry
Unna Company, importers of hardware
and tinware, at 113 Battery street, has
been systematically robbed by four of Its
employes. The thieving gang worked so
The Quartet Who Systematically Robbed the Harpy
Unna Company.
cleverly that had it not been for Detec
tives Ryan and ODea they might have
continued their pilferings indefinitely.
As the result of their Investigations,
Chris Ducker. teamster; Julius Moyse.
pack* John Bruning, shipping clerk, and
Andrew Coleman, packer, are locked up
in the city Prison with three charges of
petty larceny recorded against each of
their names.
Ella Chase, a rather prepossessing !
young woman, who has been living with I
Brunlng, was also arrested and charged
with receiving stolen property. It is esti
mated that the men got away with about
$500 worth of stuff belonging to their em
ployers.
Several weeks ago Ryan and ODea, the
clever sleuths of the Southern station,
while making their rounds of the various
pawnshops south of Market street, found
a lot of knives, forks and paint brushes
which had been sold for a mere trifle, and
which they concluded had been stolen.
After considerable trouble they ascer
tained that the articles had been taken
from the store of the Harry Unna Com
pany. They contlded their discovery to
the president of the company, who se
cretly made an examination of the stock,
with the result that he found at least
$500 worth of goods was missing.
Satisfied that the teamster was a party
to the wholesale stealing, Ryan and
' IDea decided to arrest him. Alter being
locked up in the "£ity Prison for a short
time he made a complete confession, im
plicating Pruning, Moyse and Coleman.
Pruning was apprehended a short time
afterward by Policeman O'Meara. who
was acting in conjunction with the de
tectives, Like Ducker, he broke down and
told how the gang had systematically
robbed their employers. Moyse and Cole
man were arrested yesterday morning and
at once taken to police headquarters.
They at first denied their guilt, but on
being confronted with the written confes
sion of Pruning they readily told what
they had done with the stolen property.
On visiting Coleman's room on Ellis street
the detectives found a miscellaneous as
sortment of knives and forks which the
gang had appropriated.
Suspecting that the Chase woman was
aware of the operations of the thieving
quartet, they visited her room, where she
was living with Brunlng, and secreted ln
a large closet they found a portion of the
plunder. According to Bruning's confes
sion, he would select a lot of articles
to be stolen and have either Coleman
or Moyse pack them as lf for shipment.
The package would be turned over to
Drucker, who would place it ln his wagon
and then drive to Bruning's house, where
It would be held for several days. Brun
ing. after satisfying himself that the arti
cles had not been missed by his employ
ers, would take them to a second-hand
store, where he disposed of them. The
proceeds would then be divided among the
gang.
Thus far the detectives have recovered
about $300 worth of the stolen property.
It is likely that additional charges will be
placed against the prisoners to-day.
NATIONAL CLUB IS
REFUNDING MONEY
HOLDERS OF FIGHT TICKETS
CAN CASH NOW.
"Mysterious" Billy Smith - is camped
somewhere in Alameda waiting * until
such time as the storm of Indignation
that sprung up over the result of his
peculiar actions on Friday night wlll
have blown over.
The people of this city who patronize
fistic sport have become thoroughly dis
gusted with Jobbing pugilists and Job
fights, and It will take something more
than flashy advertising to convince them
thai everything that pertains to a fistic
entertainment in future is above sus
picion. They certainly have had a sur
feit of hippodromes, and it Is not any
...^„ri. ... «V>o» o morliwi fleere.'iße in the ar
tendance at prize-fights Is becoming
plainly manifest.
Smith's excuse on Friday night that
there was not enough money In the house
to satisfy him in case lie defeated Green
was certainly very poor logic, In view of
the fact that in his fight with Walcott
the winner's end was only $1200. The
Smith and Green fight in New York re
turned the winner $1100. The Ryan and
Smith fight returned only $720. and when
he fought West the winner's share was
$550. Hut the mysterious pug demanded
$2500 on Friday night, and should he
(Smith) have fought and defeated Green
his end of the percentage would have
been $1204.
Several noted sporting men who keep
a close watch on the movements of fight
ers expressed their views openly yester
day. The consensus of opinion was that
Smith did not train properly for the con
test; that he must have had an under
standing with some of the jobbers to lose
the light In consideration of a promised
sum of money, which sum was not forth
coming at a time that Smith was ready
to receive it with open hands. The mys
terious pugilist was not in the very best
of shape to engage ln a hard battle, and
rather than take any chances of being
soundly whipped he gave the poor ex
cuse that there was not money enough
in the house for a man of his reputation
to battle for. It will be many months be
fore Smith can convince the sporting
people of the East or the "West that he
Is an honor to the "profession" he rep
resents.
The National Club Is paying off at 542
Market street the amounts that tickets
of admission to the Pavilion call for.
To-day holders of tickets can cash be
tween the hours of 11 and 12 o'clock, and
on Monday between the hours of 10 and
12 o'clock.
On Monday next the Supervisors will
fix upon a license fee for boxing enter
tainments, after which only clubs that
are licensed can lawfully hold boxing
shows of any descriptfon in this city.
. ♦ ■
To Study the English Bible.
The Bible lecture course for the study*
of the English Bible, formed last Tuesday
evening at the Association building, was
very largely attended. Professor J. H.
Goodell. Instructor In the English Bible
at the Pacific Theological Seminary, has
been secured as instructor of this class.
The second session will be held at the As
sociation auditorium, corner Mason and
Ellis streets, next Tuesday evening, at 8
o'clock, when the course of study will be
outlined.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
**************
fl WILL STOP THAT g^ I
I PAIN IN A NIGHT
«!*■ * / ■•// -fHfl P?
•* I don't see why people will dose their stomachs with drugs for a pain which has _^^^^ fi M
*& I don't see why people will dose their stomachs with drugs for a pain which has fl +£•
*"* ___\ a_W
? nothing to do with - the stomach, and which cannot be reached through the stomach. j^feSfe^^iS ?
£-. Drugs never cure the cause of a pain. They never do any more than temporarily *£•
•§* relieve it. You, reader, know this, and if you have doctored for rheumatism or back _§r^m\\\^xs^_^^_Wi
"£ pains you know drugs have not cured you. The system is wrong, and I have been i^ Jf
*? . '<'Fii
J___ proving this fact for thirty years. <H| *&•
g
I .'• <a : All Pain Results From Weakness! m I
$ jsfc\lL Some organ is weak ; some part of the physical structure has begun to fail — is •$.
"£- ' >: \\i K^\. not a^ e to t^ ie wor k nature intended it to do — and the pain results. It is so in *£■
jf f^attM I^Km rheumatism and all other painful diseases. It is so in all forms of sickness, pain or *&
jL STv^^SlC OW disability. Get back the strength. Assist nature and nature will cure. Medicine **
4* )w& 1 § can't do it. Electricity can. It gives new life to the nerves and organs, stops all IF
4+ fJB?\.^2j drains of vital power and quickly cures. T
4* &-S/ jj 1 dr. Mclaughlin. /»
». %i [' / >./ Last year I purchased one of your Belts for my Rheumatism, Indigestion and Catarrh, having suffered from "^*
*^ m i A \ these for 25 years. After experimenting with various medicines, etc., I found no relief until I tried your wonder- *?■••
j"*-> Ht% ; /V 1 ful Belt * I got relief during the very flrst week and in three months was entirely cured and have not "been troubled 13
** I # X 1 since. lam grateful for what the Belt has done for me and recommend it to those suffering as I was •*■?•►
'4+ wtS^l! § \\ c * A. STEINIXGER, 2416 Sutter street, San Francisco, April 7. 3J
I .-«■ m 1 '. i HAVE CURED OVER 10,000 MEN. }
rB 2
My Dr. Sanden Electric Belt is a wonder. It gives life into the parts of the body affected by the pains 2[
i arouses a vigorous circulation ofthe blood through them and removes the cause of the pains. It cures and jf*
cures permanently pains of all kinds. If you are troubled call and test it. See its grand power and save *
| further expense by getting it. If you can't call write for my free book, describing it and giving hundreds ]
jk of other cures. Call or address '£&
'?
* DR. M. A. MCLAUGHLIN, 702 Market .Street, Corner Kearny, San Francisco send for my booh, *j,
•-5+ * 'or 204-V* South* Broadway, Los Angeles. three classes of men," /••»
£ Office Hours-8 A. M. to 8:30 P. M. Sundays 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES. /T is MAILED FREE. **
tolt.ltiatatofral.lfr&^
a f » t t t t f t t f t t t t I t t » -I w V ,w V aw V ax, S amfa^a>na^ k
STRANGE ACT
OF A TRIED AND
TRUSTED CLERK
C. P. L. Leichter Com
mits Suicide.
% _-_
NO MOTIVE CAN BE ASSIGNED
EMPLOYED AS SALESMAN FOR
TILLMANN & BENDEL.
Had Grown Old. in the Service of the
Firm and Had No Care or
Trouble of' Any
Kind.
C. P. L. Leichter, an old and trusted
employe of Tillmann & Bendel, committed
suicide early yesterday morning by
throwing himself into the bay frora the.
Presidio wharf. The case is one of the
strangest that has occurred in the city
for some time, and leaves the relatives
of the unfortunate clerk in a state of
perplexity. Thus far no motive for the
deed can be discovered or even surmised,
and it remains for the Coroner's jury to
probe the affair after the body has been
recovered.
Leichter has been employed as a sales
man in the above mentioned firm for over
thirty years and was always held in high
estee*fri. He leaves a widow and four chil
dren and was deeply attached to home
life. Yesterday morning he left his resi
dence for his place of employment and a
few hours later his family received the
sad intelligence that he had probably
taken his life. A note was found in the
office by a clerk which stated that he In
tended to commit suicide and bidding his
many friends in the firm farewell. In
quiry was immediately made at Leich^
ter's home to ascertain the truth of the
matter. His wife replied that he had de
parted for work a couple of hours be
fore, and as no one had seen him in the
interim it was feared that he had exe
cuted his threat. A search was instituted,
the result of which was the finding of
the clerk's coat and vest on the Presidio |
wharf.
So far as is known there Is no motive
for Leichter' self-destruction. He had
no financial difficulties and his home life
was a happy one. It is stated by his
family that when he left home he was
in unusually good spirits, and that he
never evinced the slightest dissatisfaction
with his surroundings. Among his fel
low employes, however. It has been no
ticed that he occasionally became absent
minded and that he had acted peculiarly
for the past couple of days, yet not
enough to Indicate that he had any seri
ous care or was losing his reason. It is
the consensus of opinion that Leichter
took his own life in a fit of temporary
insanity.
Leichter was 55 years of age. He waft
a member of numerous German charita
ble societies and a director of the Alton
helm. He had a very large circle of
friends and was considered well to do. He
resided at 2016 Vailejo street.
El Campo.
El Campo, the popular picnic resort, re
opens to-day for the summer season. El
Campo Is an Ideal place for an outing,
and the management has spared no pains
to insure the safety and comfort of its
patrons. There is no trouble about trans
ferring from boat to railroad or vice
versa. Instead, all is plain sailing on the
commodious steamers of the company.
At the park games and amusements or' all
sorts are provided. Exceptionally fine op
portunities for swimming are offered, and
the dancing platform is in excellent con
dition.
Church Organ Completed.
A beautiful organ now graces the
Emmanuel Baptist Church. It was built
by John Bergstrom & Sons, and to-day it
will be heard for the first time, with Pro
fessor Encquist at the keys. Rev. J.
George Gibson, the pastor, has won local
fame as a singer and has taken great in
terest in church music. He has become
personally responsible for the payment of
the Instrument. When the church was
built, ten years ago, spa was left for
an organ. The Instrument has been con
structed to match the interior. The wood
is of polished oak like the seats, and the
pipes are beautifully decorated to harmo
nize with the walls. The decorations
which were used at Easter will be left up
In honor of the new organ.
The pastor will preach and sing. In the
evening he will be assisted with another
barytone singer, Russell Txiwry, whose
voice was heard to advantage during the
Easter services.
MISS ROMIE WALLACE
SLUMBERS IN PEACE
LAID AWAY AT SANTA CLARA
YESTERDAY.
Many Sorrowing Friends Pay Their
Last Respects at the Family
Residence.
The funeral of Miss Romietta Wallace,
daughter of Judge Wallace, who died
suddenly on Thursday evening, took
place yesterday morning. The first cere
monies were performed at the desolate
mansion on Van Ness avenue, after which
the remains were taken to Santa Clara
for interment. Arrangements had been
made for special accommodations on the
9 o'clock train for San Jose, and many
went directly to the train.
The room containing the casket of white
plush, and covered with a drapery of
white silk and tulle, was a veritable bed
of flowers. Among the many floral offer
ings sent by the young lady's friends was
a beautiful bunch of lilies of the valley,
sent by Mrs. Richard Carroll.
The train departed for San Jose at 9
a. m., and arrived there two hours later.
In the special car were: Judge Wallace,
Mrs. John M. Sheehan, Mrs. Ryland B.
Wallace, R. R. Wallace and wife, John
M. Burnett, Joseph M. Nougues and wife,
D. J. Burnett and wife, James D. Phelan,
William R. Whittier, Mrs. Edwin Martin.
Mrs. Richard T. Carroll and Dr. Walter
Thorn.
Mrs. Wallace, the mother of the un
fortunate girl, was too much prostrated
to be present. When the train reached
the depot the coffin was transferred to a
hearse, and the funeral party entered
carriages. The honorary pallbearers
were: William Sweigert, H. E. Wilcox,
Joseph H. Rucker, Edwin Coolldge, Dr.
McGettigan and H. A. Delanoy. The
funeral cortege proceeded at once to S".
Claire's Church, where. a solemn requiem
mass was celebrated by Father McKenna.
The choir of St. Patrick's Church of San
Jose furnished the music, which was very
impressive.
Father McKenna paid a glowing tribute
to the memory of the deceased girl. He
stated that he had known her since in
fancy and had watched her growth into
womanhood. In conclusion and in con
nection with her death he drew attention
to the Eastertide, the beatitude of the
resurrection and the life ever after. After
the mass the cortege reformed and pro
ceeded to the cemetery, where the body
was deposited in the Wallace family
vault. At the bier prayers were said by
Father McKenna and Father Ragio. The
mourners returned to San Francisco in
the afternoon.
VERDICT FOR JONES.
End of the Government Suit for Un-
lawfully Cutting Timber in
Siskiyou.
The trial of David W. Jones, a million
aire land owner and lumber dealer of Sis
kiyou County,- came to an end yesterday
forenoon in the United States District
Court by the recording of a verdict in
his favor. He was sued by the Govern
ment for $3717 damages, the alleged value
of lumber cut from Government land in
that county.
The trial began last Monday before
Judge de Haven and a jury, the defend
ant being represented by Charles A. Gar
ter, ex-United States District Attorney.
For the defense it was contended that
the land from which the lumber was
taken did not belong to the Government,
and that there was a discrepancy in the
survey.
There are two other civil cases of a
similar nature pending against Jones, one
in the United States District Court and
one in the United States Circuit Court.
There is also a criminal charge pending
in the United States District Court for
cutting timber on Government land. The
maximum penalty in case of conviction is
imprisonment for tweive mdnths and a
fine of $500.
Music arranged or composed for pub
lication at Mauvais', 769 Market street.*
Mass on the lowa.
Rev. P. J. MacCorry, C. S. P., will cele.
brate mass on the battleship lowa to-day.
Father MacCorry goes on the invitation
of Rev. Frederic C. Brown, chaplain of
the ship, who will omit the usual Sun
day services In order that the Catholic
members of the crew may attend to their
Easter duties. This is the second occa
slor since the lowa has been in this port
that Rev. Mr. Brown has Invited a priest
to visit the lowa and attend to the tpir
itual needs of the ship's company.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. .T. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
GAGE USES HIS
LASH FREELY AT
SAN QUENTIN
Fitzgerald Forced to
Desert Hale.
WHY THE WARDEN DESPAIRED
BITTER IRONY CONTAINED IN
AN OFFICIAL NOTE.
■
Director Hayes May Resign Through
Indignation, While Ray Will
Remain as Long as He
Stays "Good."
Warden Hale has stated that he noti
fied President Fitzgerald of the Board of
State Prison Directors that he would not
be a candidate for re-election owing to the
statement of his physician that he must
have a rest from the arduous labors in
cident to conducting the affairs of a State
penitentiary. This assertion on the part
of the Warden was taken with a grain of
salt by those who knew of the desperate
fight he had waged to retain his posltlton,
but it Is now known that the reason why
Hale gave up the struggle was because
he saw he was "up against it."
Director Hayes is now and has long
been a devoted admirer of Hale, and it is
expected that he will resign on account of
the treatment accorded his idol by the ad
ministration. What is not generally
known, however, is that for a while Presi
dent Fitzgerald was on the side of the
Warden and Director Devlin was deemed
in a fair way to join their forces and keep
Hale at San Quentin. Devlin evidently
found the pressure against such a policy
too great and failed to take the stand it
was thought he might.
That Fitzgerald meant to keep his
promise to Hale is believed by all who are
acquainted with the man, but Colonel Dan
of Mexico and Governor Gage proposed to
place Martin Aguirre of Los Angeles in
the position and absolutely forced Fitz
gerald to desert Hale's standard.
On the recommend) of Fitzgerald
five officers and about fifteen guards hold
positions at San Quentin, and Folsom
fairly swarms with his appointees. At
San Quentin Victor Gilardin, keeper of
the lower gate; John Wilkinson, the com
missary; Edward Gilligan, head spinner
in the jute mill; Steward Haehnlen and
Druggist Hubbardcheck all hold their
places owing to the favor of Fitzgerald.
At Folsom Overseer Baker, Turnkey Hag
gerty and Bus Driver Curry owe their
places to Fitzgerald, as well as a large
number of guards. At San Quentin alone
the aggregate salary of Fitzgerald's men
is $1300 a month.
In order to bring Fitzgerald over to his
way of thinking Gage is stated to have
informed Fitzgerald that his appointees
would be turned out bag and baggage
if he did not abandon Hale's standard.
This gentle hint was too much and Fitz
gerald had to succumb.
By the irony of fate Warden Hale had
to notify the man who was forced by the
lash to desert him that "111 health" would
preclude his candidacy for another term.
In fact, so eager is Gage to control the
patronage of both the prisons that he is
known to have promised to let the case
of Director Ray, who is believed to hold
his place irregularly, rest in abeyance so
long as Ray continues to "be good" and
let the Burns-Gage duo control affairs.
And Ray has promised to "be good."
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
MOVlLLE— Arrived April B— Stmr Ethiopia,
from New York.
ANTWERP— SaiIed' April B— Stmr Kensing
ton, for New York.
BREMEN— SaiIed April B— Stmr Bremen, for
New York.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed April B— Stmr Campa
nia, for New York.
GENOA— Sailed April B— Stmr Aller, for New
York.
NEW YORK— Sailed April B— Stmr La Cham
pagne, for Havre; stmr Amsterdam, for Rot
terdam; stmr Neustria. for Marseilles; stmr
j I'atria, for Hamburg; stmr Lucania, for Liv
erpool.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
1 ROCKPORT— Arrived April S— Stmr Scotia,
hence April 6.
L'SAL— Arrived April B— Stmr Ruth, hence
April 7.
TACOMA— Sailed April Schr Endeavor, for
Nlcolaefskl; stmr Humboldt, for Alaska.<r'-e>£QOO©©©©O©©o©©©©©©©©©B©©©©oo©®©©©©9©©©©©©
| HIRAM J. M. TROUTT
1 A VICTIM OF GAS
© /^ 0
o
| Father of the Superior Judge Found
Dead in His Room Yesterday
| Morning.
ab
© _ _ IRAM J - M - TROUTT, the aged father of Superior Judge J. M. Troutt,
© B—B was foun d dead in his room at 610 Clayton street yesterday morning by
Q H _ members of his family and Judge Hunt. Escaping gas told the story
£ _ ■of his death. The jet is provided with a sort of electrical appliance
q for lighting, and it is supposed that It was accidentally turned on
9 again after having been put out for the night. Mr. Troutt was an early
(-} riser, and when he did not make his appearance at the breakfast table
q suspicions arose. It was, however, resolved to allow him to sleep for a while,
ff hut when an hour or two had passed the suspicions of the family grew Into
(I fears, and they attempted to enter the old man's room. It was locked, but
Q was finally broken into by Judge Hunt and his son, who happened to be vlslt-
#ol at the house. The body was not cold when discovered, and Dr. Ernest
© Johnson was sent for, but found that life was extinct..
% Judge Troutt, who was at Beresford, was telephoned to and apprised of
© the sad affair. He arrived in this city yesterday afternoon.
© Hiram Troutt was horn in Virginia eighty-one years ago. He came to the
# coast about 1552 and engaged In business both In Portland and San Fran-
© Cisco. .Six years ago his declining years forced him to -■■tire, and he took up
(~t his residence with his son. Besides his son, he leaves two nieces, the Misses
© Burnham, who are well known in this city.
© A burned match was found on the floor near the bed. This gives strength
© to the conclusion that Mr. Troutt, finding the electric appliance out of gear,
© turned on the gas and ignited it with a match.
4*
THREE DAYS' CONCLAVE
OF CITY TEACHERS
SESSIONS WILL BEGIN ON WED
NESDAY.
Many Interesting Features Included
in the Programme to Be
Presented.
Beginning on Wednesday the teachers
of the city and county of San Francisco
will nold their Institute meeting at the
Mission High School, corner of Dolores
nnd Eighteenth streets. The session will
POSTUM CEREAL.
FINDS IT EVERYWHERE.
Started With Mrs. Gilcrlst of Emer-
son Avenue.
I had quite a time following Dr.
Steinmann's directions, when he told
me that he could not cure me of my
nervous trouble until I quit drinking
coffee, and upon my statement that I
could not give up the habit, he told
me to get the genuine Postum Food
Coffee.
He said "be sure and get the pack-
age with the red seals, for there have
been a good many imitations put on
the market."
Well, I got a package and had it
made like I always make coffee; that
Is take it off from the stove as soon as
it begins to boil.
When I drank a mouthful of Postum
-made this way I thought I would never
drink any more, for it was horrid flat
and Insipid. (I was living In Denver,
Colo., at that time.)
I spoke to Mrs. Gilcrlst, a friend
living on Emerson aye., about what
the doctor had given me, "that horrid
-■tuff called Postum," and she laughed
out loud and said, "I kndw Just what's
the matter with you. I have been us-
ing Postum for months, and lt Is deli-
rious, but you have to boil It or It will
not taste good."
I told her she was welcome to the
rest of my package, as I was through
with it, but she insisted on my trying
it once more, and when we reached
home, we were so much interested In
it that she went to the kitchen and
made some for our lunch.
. I took only a little sip at first, for I
was afraid of it, but when I tasted it
rs he had made it, what a difference
there was! It was a beautiful deep
brown color, had a lovely strong cof-
. free taste, and that cup completely cap-
tured me.
Mrs. Clark and Mrs. McGaffey, both
living on tout street, friends, have
been induced to leave off coffee and use
Postum, as they have been very greatly
improved in health, and are now high
in its praise.
While visiting Professor W. H.
Chancy of Chicago I found his family
using Postum.
No matter where I go I generally
find Postum ahead of me. I went to
Cincinnati, Ohio, a short time ago. and
visited with a friend, Mrs. Lyman, on
Center avenue, and sure enough, for
breakfast there was my favorite Pos-
tum, which she has been using for a
long time.
I am so thoroughly well and happy
in the enjoyment of my health since
leaving off coffee «nd taking Postum
that I cannot than, the Po9tum Com- J
pany and Dr. Steinmann enough. Miss
D. Wilson, 49 Thirty-second street, Chi- .
cago. J
continue for three days, and will occupy
the mornings, afternoons and evenings.
All school officers and friends of educa
tion are invited to attend the sessions*
■>* the Institute. Among the prominent
speakers and participants will be the
following:
Hon. James D. Phelan, Mayor of San
Francisco; J. Liberty Tadd, Philadel
phia; Hon. Thomas J. Kirk, Superintend
ent of Public Instruction; Hon. P. A.
Bergerot, president Board of Education:
llarr Wagner, editor Western Journal of
PMucation: Henry Meade Bland, profes
sor of education, University or Pacific;
Miss Kate F. Banning, superintendent
Silver-street Kindergarten Association,
also principal of California Kindergarten
Training School; Miss Anna M. Stovall,
principal Golden Gate Kindergarten
Training School; Superintendent J. W.
McClymonds, Oakland; Miss Effie B. Mc-
Fadden, department of nature study,
Oakland; Superintendent F. E. Perharh,
Berkeley; David Starr Jordan, president
Stanford University.
The more serious work of the meeting
will be generously interspersed with mu
sic, vocal and Instrumental, and there
will be a number of highly entertaining
Illustrated lectures.
One of the features of the session will
be section work, the object of which is
to present to the teachers discussions of
subjects which are very important in
daily classroom exercises. Participants
will not be allowed to occupy more than
five minutes each.
USE "KNOCKOUT DROPS."
Two Ex-Convicts Arrested While I
Having a Victim in Tow.
Ernest Fuhrman, alias Garsehwerch,
and John Peters, alias Mitchell, ex-con
victs and well known "knock-out drops"
men, were arrested Friday night by De
tectives Wren, Dinan, Reynolds and Mc- j
Mahon while having in tow a victim to
whom they had administered the drops.
The victim was Nig Rusich, who arrived
on the Mariposa from New Zealand Fri
day morning, on his way to Idaho. He
was accosted at Kearny and Clay streets
Friday evening by Fuhrman and Peters,
who pretended they were strangers in
the city. They started up an acquaintance'
and had several drinks together. The de
tectives were going along Market street
and noticed the trio, and suspecting that
something was wrong followed them.
They placed them under arrest, but not
without a struggle on the part of Fuhr
man and Peters, during which Peters
threw a bottle on the street, smashing lt.
Fuhrman also attempted to throw away
a bottle, but Dinan snatched it from him
Four bottles were found upon them which
contained a mixture of chloral, aconite
fusel oil and glycerine, the ingredients
that comprise "knock-out drops.
Rusich was so much under the influence
of the drops that when taken to the City
Prison he sank into a stupor and could
not be aroused. Yesterday morning he
was still feeling the effects of them
Fuhrman and Peters were yesterday
charged with vagrancy, and the police
will see that they get the full limit, six
months. *.-
Will Shoot at Clay Birds.
The Olympic Gun Club will meet to
day at its grounds near Ingleside and a
pleasant afternoon's sport Is promised.
The feature of the day will be the regular
monthly live-bird shoot.
The San Francisco Bluerock Club will
meet at Alameda Point on Sunday and
smash clay birds.
The Empire Gun Club will also meet at
Alameda and hold a handicap shoot.
Battered His Brother-in-Law.
M. Ledy,. a drug clerk at 152 Fourth
street, swore to a complaint in Judge Mo
gan's court yesterday for the arrest of
Frank Shlnn, a barber, on the charge of
battery. They are brothers-in-law, Shlnn
having married Ledy's -sister against the
wishes of Ledy. Friday they met and
Shlnn gave Ledy an unmerciful beating.
Fines for Opium Smokers.
Judge Mogan yesterday fined Ah
Wah, the keeper of an opium "Joint,''
$100 and six men who were caught smok
ing in the "Joint" *50 each. They were
arrested .by Sergeant Helms and posse.
He also fined four. Chinese arrested by
Lieutenant Price and posse $50 each ior
! the same offense.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh at., corner Mission. Bait water,
direct -from ocean. *•;'•?"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, * SUNDAY, APRIL 9, 1899.
THE AUDITOR
CLASHES WITH
STENOGRAPHERS
Wants to Pass on
Their Demands.
CITY NEEDS A SAFEGUARD
COURT PROCEEDINGS ARE NOW
THREATENED.
Shorthand Men Declare Their Inten
tion to Sue Out a Writ
of Mandamus on
Monday.
A merry war is In prospect between
Auditor Wells and the court stenograph
ers. The fight was precipitated yesterday
when Treasurer Truman refused to pay
an order for stenographers' fees unless
it was first audited by Mr. Wells. Now
there is in prospect orders of courts, writs
of mandate and political Jugglery without
end.
Heretofore it has been the practice of
each Judge of the Superior and Police
courts to give to their stenographers an
order of court directing the Treasurer to
pay the per diem and transcript fees sup
posed to be properly due. These orders
were presented direct to the Treasurer
and were paid by that official. This or
der of things is to be changed, and be
cause of the change the stenographers
have declared war on the Auditor.
•A few days ago Auditor Wells held a
| conference with Treasurer Truman and
i as a result the Treasurer agreed to refuse
to pay any demands made by stenograph
j ers unless such demands were properly
! indorsed by the Auditor. It appears that
a majority of the demands heretofore
made by stenographers by order of court
contained no further specifications than
that of "attendance" in court. In indi
vidual cases these demands approximated
as much as $'») a week. The demands
are paid out of the general fund.
The position taken by the Auditor is j
that the system now In vogue leaves no '
means of keeping a check on the
amounts paid stenographers, and leaves
' the door open to the commission of j
, frauds. Because of the manner in which
i the orders of court are made out there
is nothing to prevent the holders of the
order from changing the amount named
and thereby defrauding the city. The
Auditor does not believe that any of the !
present stenographers have or will at- j
| tempt to commit fraud in this manner, I
; but he asserts his belief that the oppor
i tunity for doing so should not be afforded I
i them when there is an adequate and suf- j
' ileient method provided by law for the !
proper supervision of all demands on the i
i treasury. He therefore requested the
Treasurer to hold up all demands not
bearing the signature of the Auditor. !
i The Treasurer, being of the same mind, ,
! agreed to do so.
Yesterday stenographers' demands in
the regular form of court orders were
presented to Treasurer Truman for pay- {
ment. As they did not bear the Aud
itor's signature payment was refused.
The Auditor was appealed to, and he
! sustained the Treasurer. The result was
j that the holders of the demands threaten
- to have a writ of mandamus issued
j against the Treasurer on Monday com
i pelling him to pay the demands in the !
! form in which they have been presented i
to him. • '
Auditor Wells has told the stenograph
ers that lt is not his desire to delay the
payment of any demands, and that he
will audit them without delay Immedi
ately upon presentation. All that he
wants is to establish a method of proce
dure that will insure the city against pos
sible fraud. He says that other em
ployes of the city are compelled to pre
sent their demands to the Auditor, and
he sees no reason why court stenograph
ers should be exempted from a procedure
PORTLAND'S FIRE CHIEF.
DJIVID (MPBELL.
DAVID CAMPBELL, chief engineer of the Portland (Or.) Fire Depart
ment, is in this city for a brief stay. While here he has been the
guest of Chief Sullivan, who has shown him the Improvements made
in the local Fire Department and the workings of the apparatus now
in use. ■ w.yyw
Mr. Campbell was made Chief of the Portland Fire Department by the
Police Commissioners who were appointed by the Mayor under the new
charter recently adopted by the Portland municipality. He had been Chief
before that time, but resigned rather than to be made the tool of the poll
clans who controlled the city's affairs. He was again selected for the office
without any solicitation on his part and on account of his recognized ability
ln the management of fires and the control of men under his supervision.
He Ib about 36 years of age and was born In Pittsburg, Pa.
Since he has been here he has attended nearly all the fires that have
occurred, notably the big blaze on Fremont street. He does this, lie says,
to get some "pointers" to use in Portland when fighting fires.
Early this morning Chief Sullivan will take him out to Seventeenth
street, between Folsom and Harrison, where some of the fire laddies will
handle 100 feet of hose on the drilling tower seventy-five feet high. An en
gine drill will also he performed for Mr. Campbell's edification. At 9
o'clock he will see the water tower and the new water battery In operation
at Kearny and Bay streets.
that is recognized as a just and . nec
essary safeguard.
INDEPENDENT FORESTERS.
An Immense Throng Enjoys Their
Entertainment and Ball in Odd
Fellows' Hall.
The Assembly Hall of the Odd Fellows*
building was crowded as it never was
crowded before by an audience that was
present to enjoy an entertainment and
ball given under the auspices of the city
board of deputies of the Independent Or
der of Foresters. Hundreds were unable
to gain admission. The hall ' was unu
sually bright with bunting, flags, em
blems of the order and mottoes.
During the evening George A. McEl
fresh of Los Angeles, the high chief rang
er of the High Court of. California, deliv
ered a very interesting address on the
subject of the order, its growth and what
it is doing in California. The programme
presented had for its features: Barytone
solo. A. A. Borlinl, high senior beadle, I.
0. F. of California, accompanied by Pro
fessor F. Zilianl; recitation. Mrs. Lillian
M. McMurtry; soprano solo, "Parla,"
Mrs. Acland Oronhyatekha, accompanied
by Mme. E. Coursen-Roeckel; Instrumen
tal selections, mandolins and guitars, un
der direction of Professor Charles F.
Qraeber; selection, California Quartet,
Messrs. C. T. Wendell, R. W. Smith, C.
L. Gage. E. G. Macßain; soprano solo.
"For All Eternity," Mrs. Juliette E.
Mathls, accompanied by Mrs. Ed How
ard Seymour of Alameda; recitation,
Professor 11. 11. Tuller; mezzo-soprano
solo. "Delight." Mrs. Grace E. Dodge of
Oakland, accompanied by Miss Blanche
Hoftetter; barytone solo, "The Bell
buoy," Charles D. Reid, accompanied by
Professor 11. W. Patrick.
District Deputy Supreme Chief Ranger
E. A. Mack was master of ceremonies,
and Thomas P. Jarvis floor manager dur
ing the dancing that followed. The fol
lowing named are the district deputies
who had charge of the event: J. B. Knud
son, president; J. H. Wiley, W. I. Avery,
L. A. Kern, E. N. Cameron, C. H. French,
H. T. Moore, John H. Hansen, Thomas P.
Jarvis, M. B. Schofield. C. Muller, 11. S.
Buckley, G. L. Withers. C. F. Stewart,
James Hurry, 11. Brunhofer, F. W. Gel
ger, J. A. Borne, M. D., O. C. Pratt.
PORTRAITS OF PIONEERS.
The California Society to Perpetuate
the Memory of Its Members.
The Society of California Pioneers re
cently Inaugurated a movement to per
petuate the memory of members by mak
ing a collection of their photographs and
the autographs of those living, the same
to be preserved in handsomely bound vol
umes, or to be absolutely correct, renewed
the movement Inaugurated In 1857. The
original movement was discontinued In
1868 after five volumes, each containing
one hundred portraits, had been
gathered. From that time nothing
was done until last fall, but since
that time the sixth volume has been com
pleted and the seventh is well under way.
In each of these the portraits are all of
members who have passed three score and
ten. The eighth volume will complete th
record and the entire net will contain
handsome portraits of all the members of
tin* society, living or dead, except in a few
cases whore they are absolutely unobtain
able. The volumes are beautifully bound,
suitably Inscribed and Indexed, and will
form a" valuable addition to the records
of the society and will be of historic in
terest to future generations of Oallfor
nians. The work Is in charge of Edward
E. Chever, chairman of the committee on
photographs, to whose untiring efforts Is
due the success of the present under
taking.
Will Help Property Values.
The Market-street Railroad has about
completed the construction of Its tracks
on Berkshire street, from Chenery to
Glen Park. The new service over the
San Mateo road to Glen Park was a
groat improvement last Sunday in hand
ling the crowds at Glen Park.
The Tivoli Opera-house orchestra . will
be at <',' 'i Park again to-day, and ren
der a choice musical programme. The
vaudeville performance will be high
class and varied.
The Arts of Ancient Egypt.
A large audience gathered at Mechanics'
Institute last evening to hear Professor
H. T. Ardlcy of the California University
on "Arts of Ancient Egypt." He Illus
trated his lecture with a number of charts
and spoke entertainingly of the arts which
flourished ln Egypt in early days and of
their recent discovery by scientists.
The Smallest on Record.
Custom-house officials were very much
interested yesterday In a stalwart
weather-beaten sailor who appeared on
the floor of the Custom-house and made
inquiries for Surveyor of the Port Spear.
'.The sailor was Captain Adolph Freitsch,
the daring navigator who crossed the At
lantic In 1894 in an open boat, being the
only man in history to accomplish the
feat. When he met the Surveyor he made
application for registering his new 30
--foot vessel, the Coke,- in which he will at
tempt to make a voyage around the world,
leaving this city in a short time.
Deputy Surveyor Chauncey St. John will
measure the Coke next week, and Captain
Freitsch will secure papers for the small
est ocean liner on record. On Friday the
Coke made its first voyage, being hauled
from the shipyard by six teams to the
Steeplechase at Central Park, where th©
captain will exhibit it for a limited
period. It presents a picturesque appear
ance as it lies at anchor with all sails set
and the captain on board.
JOHN H. DICKINSON
IS MAJOR GENERAL
IMPORTANT OPINION REN
DERED BY TIREY D. FORD.
Fifth and Seventh Regiments Are Al
most Ready to Be Mustered In.
The Encampments.
Ever since Governor Gage, who ap
pointed General John H. Dickinson to the
position of major general of tha National
Guard of California, withdrew that gen
tleman's name from the Senate, to which
body lt had been Bent for confirmation,
military' people have been wondering what
position if any he holds. Among those
interested was General R. L. Peeler of
the adjutant general's oflice at Sacra
mento, who In order to be informed as to
the legal status of the case wrote to the
State Attorney, Tirey L. Ford, for an
opinion. The substance of his letter is
set forth In the reply of Mr. Ford, who
says:
In your communication of the Sth Inst,
you say:
"Major General J. H. Dickinson was ap
pointed and commissioned major general com
manding of the division, N. G. C. on Feb
ruary 12, IS9S, by Governor James H. Budd,
vice James, resigned, under section 1913,
Political Code, and 6n January 3, 1899, his
name was sent In to the Senate for con
firmation. He was not confirmed by the
Senate. On February . 16, 1599. Governor
Henry T. Gage sent to the Senate the fol
lowing message:
" 'I - herewith ■ withdraw from the con
sideration of your honorable body the fol
lowing appointments, submitted to your
honorable body for approval on the 3d day
of January, A. D. 1899, namely: * • • ,
John H. Dickinson of Marin, vice N. T.
James, resigned, to be major general.' The
Senate consented to said withdrawals on
February 24, 1899.
"Question— ls John H. Dickinson now the
major general, N. G. C, commanding, and
to be recognized officially as such by .this
department? No successor to him has been
appointed."
In your subsequent communication of the
"th Inst, you say:
"In connection with the letter of yester
day, in re the present standing of the major
general, N. G. C, I wish you would include
in your answer thereto the term of . the
major general and the three brigade gener
als appointed under and by virtue of said
section 1918, Political Code. The term ls
usually accepted as meaning four years
(if confirmed by the -Senate) from date of
commission. Is this correct, or do they hold
at the pleasure of the Governor?"
Referring to your question a» set forth In
your letter of April 5. namely: "Is John H.
Dickinson now the major general, N. .G. C.
commanding and to be recognized officially
as such by this department?" permit me to
say that upon the facts as set forth in your
communication and in view of the provis
ions of sections 1918, 1000 and 879 of the Po
litical Code, and following the rule laid
down in the case of People vs. Tyrrell, 87
Cal. 476, 1 am of the opinion that General
Dickinson was the lawful major general un
til the adjournment of the Legislature on
the the ISth day of March. 1899. and that
he will continue to hold said office until the
appointment and qualification of his suc
cessor in the manner prescribed by law.
Referring to your question set forth in
your communication of April 6, permit me
to suggest that as a matter of courtesy
such question should be flrst presented to
the Governor. Very truly yours,
TIRE'S L. FORD, Attorney General.
The reorganization ' of the National
Guard of the State of California has been
going on under the provisions of the
Chynoweth bill passed at the last session
of the Legislature for the purpose of de
fining the status of the officers and men
who did not volunteer during the war
with Spain, and that of those who did
volunteer and have since been either mus
tered out or are still in the service of
Uncle Sam.
There was a tangle such as never was in
the guard before and it is believed that
the operation of the new law will adjust all
differences and make the guard what it
was before the war, except as lo the
First Infantry Regiment, which will not
be reorganized until Colonel "Jim" Smith
and his men return from the Philippines.
During the past week Lieutenant Colo
nel Whitton, Captain D. A. Smith, regi
mental adjutant; Captain Haven, Lieu
tenants Holmes and Bean of Company
E, Captain Partridge and Lieutenants
D'Yoe and Munn of Company B. Captain
Wink aral Lieutenants Cobbledick and
Cobalt of Company F and Captain Simp
son and Lieutenants Wethers and McDon
ald, all of the Fifth Regiment Infantry,
reported to the proper officials for duty,
In accordance with the recent act. All
the companies of this regiment have more
than fifty men, the minimum number,
ready to sign the muster roll, and it is
expected that by next Saturday they will
be ready to be sworn in.
The men and officers of the Seventh
Regiment of Infantry will be ready to be
mustered In by the Ist of May.
Notwithstanding the fact that no one
has been named as major general since
the commander In chief withdrew the
name of John H. Dickinson, the general is
still acting at division headquarters and
last week he issued general order No. 1,
relative to the organization, and sent out
the muster rolls. In this order the fol
lowing named are detailed to make the
necessary examination and report to their
respective brigade commanders: Second
Regiment, Major F. L. Atkinson and Cap
tain L. P. Tool-— ■ Fifth Regiment. Major
James P. Dunn and Captain O. Hamlin;
Sixth Regiment, Captain P. N. Russell
and Captain Charles Rodgers, and Sev
enth Regiment, Lieutenant Colonel J. J.
Choate and Captain W. R. Roblee.
Brigadier General W. M. Muller is di
rected to proceed at once to organize a
company at "Woodland, Yolo County, to
bo known as Company F, to replace the
one that was disbanded during the war.
General order No. 4 from the office of
the adjutant general gives all the recent
legislation in regard to the Guard. One
provision is that the commander In chief
may annually order an encampment for
discipline or drill, either by division, brig
ade, regiment, battauon or unattached
company, and that all encampments shall
ho held at the State camp of Instruction
for the National Guard of California, un
less otherwise ordered by the commander
In chief. This means that au encamp
ments shall be held at Santa Cruz.
The members of the Second Brigade Sig
nal Corps, located in this city. Jointly
with the Veteran Corps, celebrated the
tenth anniversary of the organization of
the corps by a banquet on the night of the
Ist inst. An excellent supper was served,
and in lieu of toasts there was an after
dinner programme which was directed by
George Dalv of the Old Guard, the mas
ter of ceremonies. There were presented
as features of the evning: "Just a Few
Remarks." by Colonel E. A. Denicke, the
father of the Signal Corps: vocal selec
tions by the Veteran Quartet; remarks by
Captain C. Leslie Howes. Captain George
C Boardman (retired). Lieutenant colonel
Frank Green (United States Volunteer
Signal Corps), and W. J. Belcher. There
was also a recitation by Fred C. Cusheon,
and a good story by S. A. Sarle. It was
2 o'clock in the morning when the order
to break ranks was given.
May Choose Her Guardian. ;J .
The writ of habeas corpus sworn out
on behalf of Anna Haag by her mother,
Katherlne Bennett, who wished to obtain
the custody of the child, which Is now
In the home of Sister Annie, was granted
yesterday by Judge Cook. The child was
In court, hut manifested an aversion to
her mother, seemingly preferring to re
main with Sister Annie, so Judge Cook
put the matter over until next Wednes
day, at which time the child will be al
lowed to choose her own guardian, she
Just having passed her fourteenth year.
Estate of Mark Strouse.
The inventory and appraisement in the
estate of the late Mark Strouse was filed
yesterday. The appraisers, John Redican,
Charles W. Heyer and Benjamin Asch,
find the value of the decedent's property
to be $24,832 50, the largest item being
moneys amounting to $10,232 41.
Mauvals' is now the only music house
on Market street east of. Seventh. *
Lecture on Odd Fellowship.
Mrs. Mattie A. Bridge will, on Satur
day • evening next, deliver a compllmen
DR. KILMER'S REMEDIES.
KIDNEY trouble" ~~~~~
MAKES YOU MISERABLE
\> "<. * f —y-:?y~
ji. «?iiw-cm.!m.w 9 ': 6 c**'., mtt! ==^^^«E-==---E«*-nr,^ — i-* J^^^lS"-"--***
HOW EVERY "CALL" READER, TO PROVE THE
TRULY WONDERFUL EFFECT OF SWAMP-ROOT,
MAY HAVE A SAMPLE BOTTLE SENT
ABSOLUTELY FREE BY MAIL.
Do you suffer pain in your head, back, hips or Joints?
Are you neuralgic, dizzy, tired, worn-out, sleepless,
hysterical, short of breath, irregular heart, generally
weak?
Are you nervous, anxious, irritable, restless, fret-
ful, melancholy, blue, or out of sorts?
Whence all these symptoms?
From Kidney Poison in the Blood,
How does the Poison get into your blood?
When your kidneys are sick, poison and disease-
breeding germs creep into your blood.
"Well kidneys keep your blood free the helpless, too poor to purchase relief,
from poison and filter all the impurities and has proved so successful in every
m , t _ f tho B ,., tpm case that a special arrangement has
out of the *>* ter - been made by which all readers of The
You can be well by keeping your kid- CaU whQ haye nQt tried lt> may
neys well. have a free sample bottle of Swamp-
If your water when allowed to re- Root and thus test for themselves it*
main undisturbed in a gla~ or bottle wonderful curative properties,
for twenty-four hours, forms a sedi- If you will send your name and full
ment or settling or has a cloudy ap- address to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Bingham-
pearance. it is evidence that your kid- ton, N. V.. a sample bottle will be sent.
pea .' V,  _, ,. lrt ,. riiato nt absolutely free by mail postpa d, also
neys and bladder need immediate at- R booß te , Ung mQre about P S wamp-Root
tention. and containing some of the thousands
What your kidneys need is a gentle, upon thousands of testimonial letters
healing, tonic influence that will soothe received from men and women who owe
I their irritability and gently regulate their good health, in fact, their very
them. lives, to the wonderful curative proper-
The only thing that will do this is Dr. ties of Swamp-Root.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the ideal kidney This great modern discovery is for
restorative. sale at most drug stores in fifty-cent
When your system is weakened and and one dollar sizes. Don't make any
run down build up with Swamp-Root, mistake, but make a note of the name,
Briefly, the way to be well is to pay SWAMP-ROOT, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
attention to your kidneys. Root.
To take Swamp-Root when you are If you take advantage of this gener-
suffering from weak, unhealthy kid- ous offer and write for a free sample
neys. bottle, be sure and mention the San
The great discovery Swamp-Root has P>ancisco Sunday Call when sending
been tested in so many ways, in hos- your address to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Blng-
pital work, in private practice, among hamton, N. Y.
tary lecture in the assembly hall of the
Odd Fellows' building under the auspices
of Apollo. Fidelity. Bay City, Golden
Gate, Occidental, Western Addition, Ex
celsior, Sargent, California and Walhalla
lodges and Mission Rebekah lodges. The
subject will be, "Human Freedom, or a
Plea for the Man With the Hoe," as ex
emplified by the principles of Odd Fellow
ship.
Flemming Wanted Fight.
Charles Flemming, who claims to have
a good-sized "drag" about the Police
Courts, undertook to gain admittance
into Woodward's Pavilion on Friday
night without the formality of purchas
ing a piece of cardboard for that pur
pose. In his attempt to force his way
in he considered it a privilege to clear
away the "cops" who obstructed his
path. The first man he came across was
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufac-
turers, Brokers, Importers, Wholesale Trader*, Jobbers,
Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION*
IN CORRESPONDING WITH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING
FIRMS PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
BELTINO.
LP TIFfiFW Manufacturer of Beltlne and
r. -JMJL,-, Laco Leather. 105.107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADT. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
Work.
Office and Works— ll3-115 MISSION ST.
Telephone Main SMB.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THEM FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
842 to 350 Oeary Street. Above Powell,
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
purr nnv 111 &^ h^
I II rl* XIII II I our Special Brew
unl L 1 1 U IHI steam and Lager.
Will I- lIUIIIU^ Overcoats and
Valises checked free.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
©OO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main ISM.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX, Supt. H. BLYTH, Mgr.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone. Main 5641.
DENTISTS.
nn p J_J TIPriTCD— Market, rms. tto 10.
lift* V- TT- VIA/ ALU Colton gas for painless
extraction of teeth a specialty.
DRUGGISTS i (WHOLESALE).
REDIN6TON & CO, SSV&tf&z
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
jas. boyes, ggr%ras«« CO.
Officer Leonard. Grabbing him from
behind he threw him on to the side
walk, and then reached for Officer Fln
neley. This was as far as he went, for
Leonard and Flnneley yanked the bruiser
off to the Seventeenth-street station and
locked him up on two charges, one of
battery on an officer and the other of dis
turbing the peace.
Chinese Fantan Players.
The cases of the thirty Chinese fantan
players arrested by Lieutenant Esola and
posse at Washington street and Waverly
place were again called before Judge Mo
pan yesterday and by consent continued
till April 14. The Judge decided that the
$4000 seized by the police at the time of
the arrest should be returned to the own
ers.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry. Morton & HedleT. Praps.,
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every Do.
| scription Made to Order. TeL Black 1505.
LIQUORS.
GUDOLD WHISKEY, ga110n ....... $1.50 mm, $8 00
0. P. & PONT, do, :. $2.50; cms $10.00
L. CAHEN ft BON, 418 Sacramento Bt., B. T.
"NO BETTER ON EARTH" I« ma ££
Ochre. COMANCHE OCHRE CO . 13 F™" rt?-
PAPER DEALERS.
WILLAMETTE p ULP AND PAPER CO,.
1 1 ILLMIT1L iI C 722 Montgomery Straa**,
PRINTING.
ECHUGHES.ni^S^
a-.- v- UUUIIL*3, 811 g anaom , __ mttm
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
'c hIc PARTRiDGE gggg
THE HICKS- JDDD CO., g|||gj^
TYPEWRITERS.
|§|L All Typewriters Rented.
SpSlSsrl Ftw ~ Partly used for sal* cheap,
agUML * AGENTS SMITH PREMIER.
4rap|||k L.,G* M. ALEXANDER,
3 _■__ Montgomery street.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
! TrfE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
For v-*- " nc Agents and rubile Weighers. G. -
eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouse*. Gen-
I eral office. 210 California st. Tel. Mala 1911
WATCHES, ETC.
TI f'VllV Headquarters for flne Jewelry and
« LUrtUl, i is-k. Wedding Rings. «3d st.
. WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. at Ita
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES.
Is th* Best Coal In th* Market
©lie* and Yarta-4M Mala ait—_
910
NEVADA ISN'T
IN IT WITH
CALIFORNIA
U.C. Basket Ball Team
an Easy Winner.
SCORE; seven to THREE j
STANFORD YELLS WITH THE
SAGEBRUSH GIRLS.
An Interesting and Exciting Game ;
at Odd Fellows' Hall Played
by Two Crack West/TO
Teams.
Bah! Rah! Rah!
California!
U. C, Berkeley!
Zip! Boom! Ah!
The university girls shouted them
selves hoarse yesterday afternoon and j
made Odd Fellows' Hall echo and re- j
echo their shrill college yell.
The occasion of all the tumult and the j
wild joy that would not be restrained was [
the basket ball game between the Berke-
ley team and the team representative !
of basket ball skill of Nevada's univer
sity. The result was a magnificent vie
too* for California, the score standing '7
to 3 ln favor of the State team.
It was not a very large gathering that
stood in the gallery* of Odd Fellows' Hall
and shrieked and stamped and shouted.
What it lacked in numbers it made up in
noise, and thereby probably convinced it
self that the hall was crowded to its ut
most capacity.
The California girls were prepared for
the fray. They had two "yell leaders,"
Miss Muriel Eastman and Miss Margaret
Scott, who shrieked them on to victory-
Miss Scott stood with baton in hand arid
in Sousa fashion led the triumphant
choruses. Nevada's daughters, timid
and weak of voice, did not make
much of a showing until a pretty Stan
ford girl, one of a long line of Palo Alto
Misses, cried "Stanford wants Nevada to
come over here." In answer to the cor
dial Invitation Nevada came and together
the universities blended their yells until
the Rah! Rah! for Nevada silenced the
Zip! Boom! Ah! for Berkeley.
"Ladies and gents!" shouted the
Berkeleyites, "Ladies and gents! Ger
. trude Longmore is Immense."
"Where are your gents?" shouted back
Stanford, which does not exclude men from
her games. "Where are your gents?
Have they got girls' clothes on?"
"Not unless they come from Stanford,"
sang back California Then Palo Alto
flung back her answer. "Stanford men
don't have to wear girls' clothes."
"That's right," said California. "Unless
they "Sore men's clothes you could never
tell they were men," and Stanford was
%ulct for a moment only again to inter- ,
rupt Berkeley's "On to victory" with a
! brave shout for Nevada, who at the be
j ginning of the game feared she was with
! out friends in this strange land.
The game was Interesting and exciting.
Both teams showed up finely, the Ne-
I vadans, though, looking a bit tired, but
, brave. The players expressed entire sat-
I isfaction with the arrangements, and
there was but one complaint— the lack of
resin on the hard, slippery dancing floor.
Two 15-minute halfs were Played, and
when California's victory was announced
Nevada generously Joined with her in her
cry of triumph. The teams were made
up" as follows:
Nevada. Position. Berkeley.
Frona Kirby T. C Gertrude Longmore
Bessie Stubbs L. H. G Ella Stockwell
Ethel Perkins H. G May Haworth
Louise Ward R. G Alma Stockwell
Bernice Worland. L. F Alice Farno
Stella Llnscott H. F Emma Stoer
Winnie Strosnider F Allie Kelshaw
Myrtle Montrose. .B. C Ethel Colton
Ida Holmes L. C Louise Llnscott
Substitutes— Dora Hill. Xella Paris, Luclle
Turner and Florence Kavanagh.
After the game the Nevada team left
with the Stanford girls for Palo Alto.
They will enjoy the hospitality of the
Stanford girls to-day, and to-morrow
meet them in a game of basket ball.
CITY (iOLFERS WERE
NOT IN GOOD FORM
SAN FRANCISCO TEAM DEFEAT
ED AT ADAMS POINT.
In the First Half of the Homeland- '.
Home Match the Oaklanders
Are 29 Up.
The second home-and-home match be- I
tween the San Francisco and Oakland '
Golf clubs took place yesterday afternoon
on the Adams Point links. Each club I
was represented by eight men, whose
names and rank lh the teams had been j
submitted by the captains to each other. j
Players having the same rank were
paired.
The San Francisco representatives were
the same as in the first home-and-home '
\ match, played on December 10 and 17, ;
1898, with the exception that the place of i
Lieutenant Games Roberts was taken by ,
It. B. Gaylord. Of the Oakland team all ;
but D. F. Belden and R. A. Cooke repre- j
sented their club either on the opening or ;
the second day of the flrst match. The
day was warm, but the course and :
i "greens" were in excellent condition. The :
! Oakland men played a stronger game than
I the visitors, only two of whom. Dr. C. T.
Hlbbetts and H. D. Pillsbury, succeeded *
in scoring against their opponents.
The Oakland team scored 23 holes on j
the first round and the San Francisco men i
|4, making Oakland 19 up. On the second !
round Oakland scored 11 holes against San
j Francisco 1, making Oakland 10 up. In
both rounds Oakland was 34 minus 5, or ;
29 up.
The course was the lengthened and Im
proved eighteen-hole course, the first nine |
holes being 2154 yards and the second j,
round being 2890 yards. The best scores i
by strokes were made by E. R. Folger,
47". 55, total 102; R. M. Fitzgerald, 47, 56. to
tal 103, and R. A. Cooke, 50, 56, total 106— I
all three being Oakland players. For San
Francisco S. L. Abbott Jr.'s score was ;
62, 58, total 110; A. Babcock's was 57, 58,
total 115, and C. Page's 58, 65, total 123.
The results are shown in the table:
S. F. Golf Club. II Oakland Golf Club.
I: »i
Player*. g g
,M
S. L. Abbott Jr. 0 0I;
C. T. Hlbbetts.. 2 1
H. Eabcock 0 0 |
H. D. Plllsbury. 2 •
J. W. Byrne 0 0
R. B. Gay lord.. 0 0 |
C. Page 0 0
E. J. McCutchen 0 0
Totals 4 1
... 5 |
•Tied.
E. R. Folter |
'i. D, Greenwood
R. M. Fitzgerald
C. P. Hubbard..
D. F. BeMen
J. C. McKee
R. A. Cook?
J. A. Folger
-I
m
|TT
0 0
: 4 3
0 •
5 1
6 3
2 2
2 1
23 n
Total!
Next Saturday the second half of the !
match will take place on the links of the I
San Francisco Golf Club.- The scores I
made on both days will be added together.
San Francisco having won the double :
game played last December, there will be j
a tie if Oakland should win this double \
game. In that event the tie will be played i
off on May 13 on the links of the Burlin
game or San Rafael Golf clubs. The ultl- '
the silver trophy of which the San Fran
cisco Club Is the present holder.
DEAD BODY ROBBED.
* -:**• ■- :
Andrew Pederson Found in the Park
With His Pockets Cut Open.
Andrew Pederson, a sailor, who for
some time past has been working as a
rigger on the new Postoffice building, was
found dead in Golden Gate Park shortly
after 5 o'clock yesterday afternoon by
Captain Thompson of the park police. An
empty bottle, which had evidently con
tained carbolic acid, was found by his
side. :-y, v 'yfy , hi.;i
The body had been lying where lt was
found several days, but Cantain Thomp
son evidently was not the nrst man who
saw it. Some one had found the body
and deliberately cut open the pockets and
rifled them of their contents. A long
money sack, empty, was found in one
pocket and a leather purse and jackknife
lay between Pederson's knees. Just how
much money he had in his possession is
not known. He was paid off the latter
I part of last week, but while intoxicated
was robbed of his watch and some coin
by two girls. French Carrie and Josle
Lasco were later arrested and charged
with having' robbed him.
He was last seen alive on Monday night
and It Is supposed that despondency over
the loss of his money is one of the causes
| which led him to take his life. yy „
Pederson was about 43 years of age and
I a native of Norway. He lodged at 113
I Trenton, street, yy. •;..?', -
■ * »
A Restaurant Deal.
I Alexander Stora, 407 Twelfth street,
I Oakland, secured a warrant in Judge Gra-
I ham's court yesterday for the arrest of
| James Wells, a real estate agent, on the
I charge of obtaining money by false pre
| tenses. Stora alleges that he paid Wells
I $250 for a restaurant adjoining the-Cali
. fornia-street police station on his repre
: sentations that it was free from debt, but
I on going to take possession he discovered
' that the representations were false.
Decker pianos sold only at Mauvals',
769 Market street. •
Was Joseph Finnegan.
The man found on Meiggs wharf Fri
day afternoon, suffering from epilepsy
and -who died in the Harbor Hospital a
few hours later, has been Identified as
Joseph Flnnegan of 305 Minna street. - -
"99" Cleveland bicycles, $40 and $50; "99"
Crescents, $35. Leavitt & Bill, 309 Larkin.*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 9, 1899.
FOUR-MILERS
GREW GROGGY
ON THE MARCH
Vincitor Proved the
Best Stayer.
SARDONIC CAME IN SECOND
INGLESIDE STAKE AT OAK
LAND A DREARY AFFAIR.
The Talent Completely Routed ße
Happy Turned Up Winner at
Odds of 40 to I— Hugh
Penny Beaten Again.
The Ingleside stake, at four miles, one
of the big events of the exiled Paciflc
Coast Jockey Club, was decided at Oak
land track yesterday. The usual Satur
day crowd was augmented by a thousand
or more people, who manifested their love
for long-distance racing by being pres
ent. They were treated to a very coarse
grained affair. Of the six starters Char
lie Reif was pulled up after covering a
mile, broken down. Robert Bonner, rid
den by Johnny Reiff, which ran as if his
cargo of dope had listed, led for two
miles, running like a wild horse, and was
then slowed up. He ran out with his
midget rider and lt was only a miracle
that he did not go through the outside
fence. Then when three miles had been
traversed, weary and crippled Lady
Hurst was pulled to a walk by her pilot.
This left "Vincitor, the favorite, to win
somewhat cleverly the last few yards
from Sardonic, reeling off the distance in
7:20*4- The latter mare, coupled with The
Bachelor, was second choice in the ring.
After finishing. Sardonic staggered all
over the track, and was only kept on her
feet through the combined efforts of half
a dozen "rubbers." Eddie Jones rode the
winner in faultless fashion.
The ring proved a capital depository for
the talent. Much of the coin left there
was not called for, as Merops and Vin
citor happened to be the only winning
favorites. Long shots blossomed in pro
fusion and were very scantily supported.
After having the opening mile selling
run well in hand with Dolore. Jenkins
tossed the race away. The favorite, Har
ry Thoburn, led into the stretch, where he
gave It up. Jenkins then took the lead
with Dolore and had he gone on about his
business would have won, but easing up
he allowed Gray, on Ulm, to catch him
napping and win by half a length.
Miller & Blazer's shifty three-year-old,
Merops, captured the mile and a furlong
affair, starting a 3 to 5 choice. The Fret
tcr, ridden by Eddie Jones, cut out a
merry clip into the stretch, and Piggott
had to urge the favorite before he was
able to take command. It was then easy,
for he beat the fast-coming Crossmollna
with apparent ease. Espionage was lame
going to the post.
The rank 40 to 1 outsider. Be Happy,
with Jenkins in the saddle, upset all cal
culations in the mile and a sixteenth sell
ing race. Wyoming was sent to the post
a 3 to 2 choice, and failed to even "peep."
When Castake looked to be winning Be
Happy finished like a cyclone, getting the
verdict by a short head. Castake led
Benamela out for the place by a neck.
In the six furlong spin, fifth on the card.
Guilder did not look to have a most rosy
chance on his preceding race, but he came
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Saturday, April 8, Sixty-seventh
day of the -winter meeting of the Pacific . Coast Jockey Club. Weather
fine. Track fast.
F. SMITH. Presiding Judge.
JAMES F. CALDWELL, Starter.
FIRST RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Horse. Age. Weight.
Mm,
%m.
Str.
Fin.
BS9 rim, 3 P3 3
602 Dolore, 5 105 4
924 Harry Thoburn, 5.. 107 2
880 Silver State, a lOi 1
876 Einstein, 4 108 11
880 Meadow Lark, a 107 6
n Vallejo, 5 107 10
890 Noma, 3 5612
930 New Moon. 6 1081 8
810 Lorena 11, 6 105 7
BP6 Polaskl, a 109 9
919 None Such. 4 103 1 B
4 2
3 3
1 1
2H
8 h
7 1
12
9 1
6 H
6 Mi
10 2
11 1
4 2
3 2
11
2 Vi
10 4
6 hi
12
8 1
o 2'
7 H
11 h
9 1
4 5
2 h
1 1
3 2
5 1
5 1
9
7 6
6 Vi
10
11
12
3 h
1 1
4 H
2 MJ
6 1
6 '4
J5
1 Vi
9
10
11
12
1 n
2 5
3 %
4 4
6 4
6 4
7 1
8 2
9 5
10 1
11 6
12
i
|
way
I Jenkins |
! Jones
I. Powell
Basslnger ....
Hennessy ....
! Romero
Hal Brown...
J. Power
McNlchols ...
Cole
J Holmes
5
5-2
5-2
10
12
5-2
20
12
25
8
30
40
6
4
2
15
20
5
20
15
40
12
20(1
100
Time— Vi. :25; Vi. :50; %, l:15Vi: mile. 1:42. Winner, Mrs. C. I. Fink's b. c. by Balgowan-
Pennyroyal. Good" start. Won first three driving.
Dolors should have won by a couple of lengths. With the race In nand, Jenkins con-
cluded to make It close. He succeeded. A shorter route will do Thoburn. Einstoin fin-
Scratched— Roulette Wheel 101, Henry C 106. Fortis 88. Ed Lanigan 91. Heritage 1"7, Loch
Ness 107.
5 SECOND RACE— One and an
miles; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
Horse.
Weight. :
Std.
Std. %m.
%m.
«m.
%m.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Str.
Fin.
Fin. f Jockeys.
1
937 Merops 112;
936 Crost-molina 101
914 The Fretter 108
875 Esplonag* 109
s-2'.i Faversham 10*5
895 Wbaleback 106
892 Dunpralse li*>l
5
3
2
6
4
1
7
6 2
1 1
2 1
5 hi
4 1
3 hi
7
6 3
1 1
2 1
fi h
3 h
4 2
7
5 '2
2 1
UK
4 h
6 4
3 h
7
2 Hi
3 4
1 2
4 3
5 2
6 3
7
2 2
4 4
1 1
3 Vi
5 2
6 10
T
1 1 PtggOtt
2 h Weber
Jones
4 5 iHennessy ....
B 2 Coburn
6 12 [Macklin
7 'Holmes
4-5
8
6
3
30
12
40
3-5
15
6
5
160
15
1.->0
Time— H, :25V. V 4, :51; *i. 1:17%; 7 /». 1:80; mile, 1:43; l'im. 1:56%. Winner. Miller &
Blazer's eh, c. by imp. Brutus-Mlrope, Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Merops was going away at the finish. Crossmollna, ran a nice race. Espionage went to
lame and dejected-looking. Whalebach was once a game finisher, with a rider up.
6 THIRD RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling: three-year-olds and upward;
• pone, $400.
:. Hcrse. Age. Weight.
Std.
Std. Urn.
Hm.
Mm.
•im.
"Jm.
Str.
Str.
Fin.
Fin.
Jockeys.
933 Be Happy, 4 102
S?S Caatake, 4 1041
923 BenamtMa. 6 105
929 Glen Anne, 4 102
(923) Wyoming, 6 112
912 Tom Calvert, 4 .107
914 Hohenzollern, 6 115
898 Sir Urlan. 3 91
I 6
i 1
5
S
4
7
3
2
6 h
1 1
7 h
8
4 hi
5 1
2 h
3 1
fi 4 5 2
l«i 2 n
fi h 4 h
8 74
3 I*4 3 1
7 2 S
2 h In
4_h 6j3
5 1
1 tt
4 h
7 4
2 h
8
3 14
6 2
2 M
1 n
3 1
6 1
B**
S
5 1
7 2
1 h
2 h
3 1
4 2
5 1
6 1
7 2
8
i.Tenklns
IJ. Relff
:Macklln
Powell
H. Shields....
McNlchols ...
PiKK'itt
I Devin
IS
6
4
20
8-5
15
7
4
40
8
fi
40
3-2
40
. 4
5
Time— l-16. :06%; 5-16. :31%: 9-16, :sfi%; 13-lfi. 1:23; mll.>, 1:44%; 1 l-ttm, 1:49. Winner J
Dix .n's br. m. by St. Carlo-Marilec. Good start. Won first three driving.
Be- Happy dropped from the clouds. Glen Anne, away poorly, made up a lot of ground.
Hohenzollern is Improving. Not Wyoming's day.
Scratched— Roadrunner 113.
fYH'RTH RACE— Four miles; three-year-olds and upward; the Ingleside Stakes-
• value, $3500.
Horse. Age. Weight.
lm.
2m.
Bm. 3>:m.
Str.
Fin.
(912) Vlncitor. 5 :
873 Sardonic. 4 :
(807) The Bachelor, a — :
534 Lady Hurst. 5. .:....
912 Robert Uonner. 5...
931 Charlie Relt. 6 /
1
5
4
6
3
2
2 20
3 2
6
4 8
1 40
C 40
2 10
3 2
5
4 10
1 2
•
14 12
S 6 2 12
3 10 3
4 •
•
1 3
2 4
3
1 2
2 o
3
Jones
Hennessy ....
Plggott
Macklin I
J. Reid
1
3-2
6
8
20
6-5
9-5
t
7
12
40
McNlchols ...
•Pulled up ■K*°upl p(l v >' ltn Sardonic. *i
Time— l mile, l:43>i: 2 miles, 3:40; 3 miles, 6:31*4; 4 miles. 7:20*4. Winner. William
Boots & Son's b. h. by imp. Brutus-Mollle H. Good start. Won all out.
Yincitor was best. Sardonic tried to He down on the track after the race. Plggott
Waited t'»> l"r.c with The Bachelor. Relf broke down. Robert Bonner ran as If he had
Joined the. artillery.
O FIFTH RACE— Six
and upward; purse, $100.
Horse. Ape. Weight.
him.
%m.
94 m.
Str.
Fin.
936 Guilder. 4 l ft 2
920 Heigh Ho, 4 99
875 Plan, 4 101
913 Peixotto, 6 109
931 M. ntallade. C 104
S3". Ringmaster. 5 104
S3l P. A. Finnegan. 4.. 104
820 Al, 5 -104
3
1
4
I
7
S
2
4 1
2 h
6 1
3 1
7 2
8
62
l IV4
4 2
1 1
6 1
3 1
72
- 8
5 1
2 %
1 h
2 2
4 \<x
3 1
5 1
6 1
7
; r,
1 2
2 n
3 1
4 2
5 1
6 3
7 4
8
E. Jones
J. Reiff
Jenkins
Hennessy ....
Gray
W. See
Powell
Frawley ..
6-2
3
6
7-5
. 6
30
10
15
4
5
4
7-5
12
60
12
Time— Vi, :25Vi; V 4, :«V4; *i. I'M. Winner. Carruthers & McDonald's eh. g. by Imp
Eshcr-Trilby. Good start. Won easily. Second and thin! driving.
The li< r'rypickers gathered everything in sight. The winner showed much Improvement.
Polxotto rlflilcn the zißzn;r route. Al has poor wind.
Scratched— Bueno 104. Formolla 99.
949. SIXTH
three-year-olds and upward; pun>e, £00.
(Ml) Topmast. 6 110' 1 3h 3h 2 1 2W, 1% IJones 3 4
937 Hugh Penny, a 1151 3 11 11 11% 1% 2 4 Piggott 1 6-5
901 Ollnthus, 3 So! 4 6 2 114 !i 3 4 3 6 .1. RellT 6 9
SIS Torfilrla, 4 95 5 2 % 4 h 41 42 4% Gray 6 7
S.T7 Morlnga, 4 96 6 4h 6 6 51 55 Devin 3 l»-5
923 Iti.;iilnmnfr, a 802 51 Bh 5Vj 6 6 Coburn 60 100
TlflM— %■ :25*4; V 4. :50Vi; %, 1:1614; mile, 1:42. Winner, Carruthers & Shields" eh. g. by
Imp. Topgallant-Essay. Good start. Won under a pull. Second and third driving.
Topmast yon with all sails reefed. Penny could not go the route. Too much high life.
Torslda could not get away from Gray's "lull Nelson." Moringa cut off on several occasion*.
St.
1
3
4
5
I
2
V m.
3 h
1 1
6
2%
4 h
5 1
%m.
3b .
1 1
2 I>4
4 h
6
5 h
%m.
2 1
1 1%
3 8
4 1
6
5 %
Str. •
2 XV,
m
3 4
. 4 2
5 1
6
Fin. j Jockeys.
1 H |Jones
2 4 Piggott
3 6 J. Reiff
4 % Gray
5 5 Devin
6 Coburn
3 4
1 6-5
: 6 : 9
6 7
3 .18-5
60 100
in "on the bit." The chestnut gelding,
ridden by Jones, receded to 4 to 1 in the
books. Heigh Ho took the place from
Plan, the favorite, Peixotto, running
unplaced.
Hugh Penny was again made a warm
favorite in the betting done on the mile
handicap and once more made a fizzle of
it. Leading to the paddock he was there
passed and beaten hands down by Top
mast. Torsida and Morlnga made very
poor showings. i ••.-.._ ;y
Track Notes.
Frank McMahon yesterday disposed of
his useful performer, Pat Morrissey, to
Burns & Waterhouse.
Over a year, ago, when Earnshaw Bros,
came to California. Harry Thoburn was a.
member of their string. After winning a
selling race in handy fashion he was bid
up and taken by Atkin & Lottridge. Yes
terday Thoburn finished third in the open
ing event and was claimed by his former
owners, which firm started Einstein in
the same race. The horse cost, them $525.
Ames was originally , carded to ride
Peixotto, but the judges not thinking he
would do substituted Hennessey. , The
sprinter was favorite and ran unplaced, so
the change did not prove a wise one.
Ames rode the horse on several occasions
in the past and handled him well. After
the race the boy was Informed he could
pilot the chestnut next time he started.
Eddie Jones is doing great work in the
saddle. He rode the last three winners
on the card. y yy:,; y.
SETBACK FOR POOL-SELLERS.
Motion to Dismiss Under the Old Ot-
dinance Denied by Acting Judge
Barry.
For several weeks the cases of pool
sellers south of Market street charged
with violating the ordinance against pool
selling have been hanging fire in Acting
Police Judge Barry's court. The first case
of the lot to be set for trial was that of
John Smith, but owing to the numerous
technicalities in regard to summoning of
Jurors and other points raised by the
attorney for the defendant the trial was
delayed from time to time.
About a week ago Attorney Long, for
the defendant, made a motion to dismiss
the case on the ground that the new or
dinance had repealed the ordinance under
which the arrest was made, and yesterday
the Judge rendered his decision, denying
the motion, holding that the new ordin
ance did not conflict with the old and he
would at any rate allow the Superior
Court to decide upon that question if
necessary-
The Judge set Smith's case for trial by
jury on Monday, April 17.
A DEFT CHINAMAN.
Wung See Foon Stole Gold Pins From
the Head Dress of Women.
Wung See Foon, a tall, rawboned Chi
naman, was captured last night by Spe
cial Watchman Ned McLaughlin in Wash
ington alley, better known as "Flsh al
ley," and turned over to Lieutenant
Price, who had him conveyed to the Cal
ifornia-street police station and booked
on a charge of robbery.
Wung See Foon is believed to be the
man for whom the police have been look
ing for a long time. He has made a prac
tice of standing at the Fish alley
entrance of the Chinese Theater and
snatching the gold pins from the head
dresses of the worjen as fhey come out.
Last night McLaughlin caught him at
his work, and after a short chase cap
tured him. He at once handed over his
booty to Price. When searched at the
California-street station he had in his
possession a number of pawn tickets, the
collateral for which will be Investigated.
Excursion Trains Resumed.
Several changes in the schedules of
Southern Paciflc trains go Into effect to
day. The summer Sunday excursion train
on the coast division, between San Fran
cisco and Monterey, will begin running to
day, leaving here at 7:30 a m. and return
ing at 8:35 p. m. On the narrow gauge the
Initial trip of the summer excursion train
between this city and Santa Cruz will
leave at 7:45 a. m., returning at 6:02 p. m.
Beginning to-day the Oregon express will
leave at 7 p. m. instead of 8 p. m., as here
tofore.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
SOLDIERS MAY
PRECIPITATE A
WAR OF RATES
Struggle for Their
Transportation.
FARES HAVE BEEN SLASHED
FUTILE - EFFORTS MADE FOR
FEACE.
All the Transcontinental Roads In
volved in the Fight for This
Large and Profitable
Business.
Serious trouble ls brewing among the
city passenger agents of the transconti
nental lines, and a war of rates for the
business of transporting returning sol
diers to the East is not Improbable. For
three days the representatives of the va
rious lines met and wrangled over the
matter and then referred It to a commit
tee consisting of General Passenger Agent
Goodman of the Southern Pacific and
General Traffic Manager Blssell of the
Santa Fe. These gentlemen submitted a
proposition, but it was far from satisfac
tory, and no settlement was arrived at.
It is claimed that the friction arises
from the claims of the Union Pacific and
some of the northern lines. The Union
Pacific believes It is entitled to two-thirds
of the business by reason of its having a
terminal at Portland and also being a
connection of the Central Pacific at Og
den, but this contention is ridiculed by the
other lines. The northern lines are as
sisting in the deadlock by failing to agree
on the proportion of business that should
go to them after its delivery at Portland
by the /Southern Pacific. The roads that
are parties to this branch of the contro
versy are the Union Pacific, Northern Pa
cific, Great Northern, Oregon Railway
and Navigation and Canadian Pacific. The
differences between the Southern Pacific
and the Santa Fe have been satisfactorily
adjusted on a basis that gives to the lat
ter 272 per cent of the business out of
San Francisco. ,'"•:■
It is estimated that within the next few
months there will be about 6000 soldiers
going to their homes in the East from Ma
nila by way of San Francisco. The fare
as now fixed is $35 to Chicago, and the
aggregate revenue from this source will
be ln excess of $200,000, an amount well
worth fighting for even by rich railroad
corporations.
Attention was first called to this subject
in an official way by the reports current
that some of the agents had been cutting
under the regular $35 rate in order to se
cure business. The object of the meeting
of all the passenger agents was to put a
stop to this sort of competition by decid
ing upon some plan for an equitable di
vision of the traffic. Since the disruption
of the Passenger Agents' Association in
this city some years ago, caused by the
strict enforcement of the Interstate com
merce law, there has been no check on
rate cutting. It is probable that if an
agreement over the present difficulty is
reached, a rule will be adopted penaliz
ing those who violate the agreement. An
other meeting of the agents will be called
by Chairman Donaldson for Monday or
Tuesday, when another effort will be
made in the Interests of peace and profit.
AWARDS OF MEDALS
TO RAILROAD MEN
MERIT LIST HAS GREATLY IN
CREASED.
Competition Among the Employes of
the Southern Pacific Was
Very Keen.
In accordance with the custom that has
been in vogue for the past three years
the Southern Pacific Company has just
made lis annual award of medals to
those employes who have charge of its
track.*, roadbeds and stations, and have
best discharged their duties. To those
holding the more responsible positions
gold medals are presented, and to the
others silver medals. Each disc is
inscribed with the name of the recipient,
his position In the service and the char
acter of the merit for which the award
is made.
Each year the merit list has grown in
length, and this year it is much longer
than ever before. On the Pacific system
the following are the awards of gold
medals for the past year:
Best district— Mojave district, San Joa
quin division, roadmaster, Duncan Math
eson.
Best track section— Section 31, Mojave
district, San Joaquin division, foreman,
Joseph Foster.
Best stations— Brighton, Western divis
ion. Miss L. B. Clarke agent; Duarte
Los Angeles division, George E. Cross
agent; Pasadena, Los Angeles division
I. N. Todd agent; Wilmington, Los An
geles division, Thomas D. Haves agent-
Point Los Angeles, Los Angeles division!
Allen M. Jamison agent; Riverside, Los
Angeles division, G. B. Ochiltree agent;
San Luis Obispo, coast division, B. F
Whitmer. .'
Silver medals were awarded as follows
on the Pacific system:
Best pumps and houses— Tehama. Sac
ramento division, R. E. ('reason, pumper;
Port Los. Angeles, Los Angeles division,
G. L. Stephens, pumper; Indlo, Los An
geles division, R. Shoemaker, pumper;
Sentinel, Tucson division, D. Cummings,
pumper.
Best section houses and grounds— Los
I 935 sold in MARCH. H
BICYCLES fl
THOS. H. B. YAMEY, Market & 10th, S.F. §|
Open Wednesday and Saturday Evenings. PS
Angeles division, Colton district, section
17, foreman, Thomas McDonald; Los An
geles division, Colton district, section 44.
foreman, E. L. Casey; Los Angeles divi
sion. Indio district, section 46, foreman,
H. McGee: Los Angeles division, Ind. o
district, section 56, foreman. W. Egan;
Oregon lines, Woodburn district, section
7, foreman, J. Duncan.
The awards of silver medals on the va
rious divisions were as follows:
Western division— Best track sections-
Oakland district, section 20, foreman, T.
O'Connor; Oakland district, section 23,
foreman, M. McDonough; Tracy district,
section 29. foreman, A. Finneran; Stock
ton district, section 8, foreman, P. Cal
lan; Suisun district, section 72, foreman,
P. Leary; Napa district, section 93, fore
man. M. Carroll; Merced district, section
61. foreman. D. O'Conneii.
Sacramento division— Best track sec
tions—Rocklin district, section 14, fore
man. P. Ford; Truckee district, section
27, foreman, S. R. Cupples; Red Bluff
district section 47. foreman, P. Riordan;
Red Bluff district, section 48, foreman,
J. O'Neil; Marysvilie district, section 44,
foreman, J. Gallagher; Dunsmuir dis- .
trict. -section 63, foreman, M. Harmon;
Dunsmuir district, section 69, foreman.
M. Courtney. : '." '
Salt Lake division— Best track sections—
Wadsworth district, section No. 69. fore
man, P. Sullivan; Ogden district, section
No. 105, foreman, E. Delehaunty; Ogden
district, section No. 111, foreman, M. Cul
len.
San Joaquin division— track sec
tions—Fresno district, section No. 04,
foreman. C. McCarthy: Tulare district,
section No. 9. foreman, A. V. Phillips; I
Ventura district, section No. 41, foreman,
E. Lingwood. •;--"
Los Angeles division— track sec
tions—San Gabriel district, section No. 14,
foreman. C. Setzepfand; Colton district,
section No. 44, foreman, E. L. Casey; In
dio district, section No. 52, foreman, C.
Melshelmer.
Tucson division— Best track sections—
Gila Bend district, section No. 64, fore
man, J. Sullivan; Benson district, sec
tion No. 93, foreman, P. L. Murphy; Dem
ing district, section No. 95, foreman, P.
Courtney.
Coast division— Best track sections—
Jose district, section No. 12, foreman, H. !
J. Hall; Paso Robles district, section No. |
42. foreman C. K. Lambie: Alameda dis- !
trict, section No. 109, foreman, David j
Matheson.
Lines in Oregon— Best track sections— !
Siskiyou district, section No. 68, foreman, j
T. Connors; Portland district, section No.
83, foreman, H. Seidler; Salem district,
section No. 16, foreman.* J. Anderson; I
Woodburn district, section No. 7, fore- ;
man, J. Duncan; Ashland district, section
No. 44, foreman, L. Wieland.
THE OTHER SIDE.
Story of the Alameda Campaign as !
Told by a Member of the Non
■ Partisans.
The Alameda political campaign is
about over, but whichever side wins it i
will leave in its wake a train of bitter
feeling.
The Municipal League has long had the
upper hand in politics in the city across j
the bay, but the Non-Partisan party has !
determined to break the rule of its old
opponent, and the strong fight made has
stirred up a great deal of bitterness. The
Non-Partisans claim that the members
of the Municipal League, driven to dcs- !
peration, have resorted to throwing mud
at their opponents. It is also alleged that ;
the Municipal League has subsidized the \
two newspapers in Alameda and that it j
is almost Impossible for the Non-Parti- I
sans to place their case fairly before the '
public. Speaking last night of the cam- ;
paign,, a prominent member of the Non-
Partisan party said:
"The fight made against us by the Muni- <
cipal League has been one of mud-sling- ;
ing and misrepresentation. They have
called us everything vile that they pos
sibly could. Nothing has been too bad j
for them to say..
"In the first place they allege that to
elect our men would be a dangerous ex
periment. Now, we can prove just to the '■
contrary. We have had two men in the
Council and they have done their best to i
inaugurate needed reforms, but found
themselves hampered at every turn by j
the majority, who were members of the
Municipal League. Their efforts, how
ever were successful to a certain extent, '
as they managed to have the tax levy
brought down to $1 o*3, while the ring
wanted it to be made $1 17.
"Other reforms which we would Inaug
urate are a system of purchasing sup
plies and of segregating accounts. Un
der the regime of the Municipal League
any committeeman could purchase sup-*
piles wherever he saw fit. If this were
brought down to a system some one au- |
thorized person would do all the pur
chasing, which would result in a great
saving. The segregating of accounts
would almost entirely abolish the gen
eral fund and would show plainly just
where the money goes.
"As a matter of fact, the whole thing :
boiled down is just this: Under the old
regime everything was done loosely. It
is almost impossible to find an annual j
report from any section of the city gov- j
ernment, while if we get control every-
Thing will be strictly business.
"There is one statement, often repeated, ;
which I wish to refute. It was been said j
time and again that our party is a low
license party, and that the funds have
been furnished by the saloon element. i
There is not a word of truth in this. On j
the contrary, workers for Municipal '
League candidates have repeatedly vis
ited saloons, spent money and passed
around cards in them. We only want a
fair trial, and if we get it we can promise
a tax rate of 75 cents."
Threatened Her Life.
Gena Anderson, a pretty girl, employed
in the house of Victor Magrnin, 1337 La
guna street, swore to a complaint in
Judge Mogan's court yesterday for the
arrest of Victor Magnin, a son of the
occupant of the house, on the charge of
threats to kill. She claimed that Victor
had endeavored unsuccessfully to get her
to go downtown with him. and finally he
told her that he would Kill her while she
was asleep on the sofa which was her
bed Magnln was arrested and released
on his own recognizance by Judge Mo
pan. He denies making the threats and
says the girl is crazy.
Music at the Park.
The following concert will be rendered at
Oolden Gate Park to-day at 2 p. m.:
Overture. "Phedre" ■ Massenet
"rtemembrance of Wagner"
Scenes from the "Black Hussar Millocker
Intermezzo from "Pagllaccl" '..Leoncavallo
Descriptive Idyl, "A Shepherd's Life in the
Alps" Klin-r
Overture. ' 'Orpheus" Offenbach
Cornet duet from "Semlramidl" Rossini
Messrs. W. Mahood and E. Keller.
Airs from "Robin Hood" De Koven
"Dance of the Hours," from "Gioconda"....
Ponchlelll
March, "On the Day When Dewey Comes
Home Lee Johnson
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
CURING I
MEN
SINCE
1881.
Dr. Meyers & Co. are more
successful than other physicians
for the simple reason that they
are masters of their profession — ■
long past the experimental stage.
Dr. Meyers & Co. are spe-
cialists of known ability for all
diseases and weakness of men.
They cure contagious ail-
ments of any nature by the
most successful methods and
remedies ever used.
They restore partial or total
loss of vital powers.
They stop those deadly drains
which are so dangerous to the
mind and body.
They have had more than
eighteen years' successful ex-
perience.
They have the largest and
best equipped medical institute
i and the most extensive prac-
tice in America.
Nf) PAY | To convince any
TILL CURED loneI one t who may
11LL LUKiiD j ,-nnrt their skill
BETTER THAN d?m!'S& Co
A GUARANTEE.! Sicet&cr:
"We have such faith in our
ability that we will let patients
deposit the price of a cure in any ___
bank or with any responsible busi-
ness house or newspaper in San
Francisco, to be paid to us only
when cure is made. If preferred,
we will accept monthly install-
ments. (Signed),
"DR. MEYERS & CO."
Their prices and terms are
reasonable alike to rich and
poor.
They make no charge for
consultation or advice at office
or by letter.
They send, sealed and free,
their new "PRIVATE COUN-
SELOR AND MARRIAGE
GUIDE."
They cure thousands annu-
ally, without seeing them, by
their successful home; cure
treatment.
All correspondence confiden-
tial. No printing on envelopes
or packages to indicate name
of sender.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
731 Market St, S. F.
Hours * to 5 daily.
Tales Elevator. Evenings, 7 to S.
Sundays, 9 to It.
0 The Real
Improvement
.,...,.. for 1899
IN CYCLE CONSTRUCTION ARE THE
Bnrwell Ball and Roller Bearings
FOUND ONLY ON
GLEVELAND BICYCLES.
Less Friction Means Easier Running.
CLEVELANDS s;I3 fop
640 and $50.
SPECIAL $75
E3"old Wheels taken In exchange.* Bargain
list of Second-hand Wheels mailed on applica-
tion.
LEAVITT & BILL,
309 Larkin Street, S. F.
20 SAN PABLO AYE., OAKLAND.
I)RjraULTYT
'HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
SpeciulistcurM Private. Nervous, and Blood Dis.
eases ot Men only. Book on l'rivate Diseases and
Weaknesses of Mt-ivfree. Over 20 y'rs* experience
Pntlentscuredat Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
t03 da11y: 6.30 to 8:30 ev'gs. Sunciavs, 10 to 12. Consul- *>,
taUonfreeaudsacredlycontidentfal. Call oraddresa ***
P. ROSCOE aicXDIiTY. M.D.
26^ Kenrny St., San Francisco. Cal.
PChlehaater'ix English Diamond Brand. -
ENNYRGYAL PILLS
-tf*""***v Original act] Only Genuine. A
—~i(7trxc\ f. Arc a!»»7» rouble. ladies ait JV
E_i__\_Jg___k P~****sl-t for Chichester « Xnqlnh D.a.J&\^_*
f^aW)fH__ii m ond Brand In Kcd wU Gold nitt»lUe\\jß?
CV .^*^^|f^ bo: *•'• ■"• J with blue ribbon. Take \XJ"
Tti *5^ yftfno other. Refuse dangerous tub tutu* *^
I / ftf tions and imitations. At Druggist,, or Madia.
IZ a_f •SJ^PVJ" /"»•--'•»--' testimonials »nl
V™ ~ I Keller for Ladles," in letter, br re.tr.Jm.
ggggDß. HALL'S REINYIGORATOR \
rei§f"v% > Five hundred reward for any
l" ™ "fl case we cannot cure, Tiils secret "
_^__t m_\ ~; cm edy stops all losses ln 24
BBS Egg ours ' cures Emissions. Impo-
-533 __] rx- y r' rlcoce J. e * Gonorrhoea.
__. BEE lee l' J Plts * Strictures. Lost .
1«-PS Manhood and all wasting effect*
...imA «rV °t sell-abuse or excesses. Sent
cf,~ 4 ?™ bott - »'»?? t . t l, c! -- *=: guaranteed to '
cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL rx^TT.
TUTE. 855 Broadway. Oakland. Cat Also tot *
•ale at 1071-, Market St., S. F. All private dis-
eases quickly cured. Send for free book. ,
_f% ■■ ■■ tf_ MAC'S infallible Pile '
MJ ra a H «■ Cure ! Cures all cases of
\W 1 P* m. blln, l. bleeding. Itching,
|j || M y an Protruding piles." Cases of
§ ■ BwImBJ years" standing, cured by
m"™ r^ single 50c box.
A. McBOYLE _ CO., Druggists,
504 Washington Street. San Francisco..
TSISTTQIJI7Q FOR barbers, bak-
JJIiU *J_k JuO "9. bootblacks, batb-; ,
houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannert. '
cyers, flourmills. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
(tablemen, tar-roofer*, tanners", tailors, etc
■ ■ BUCHANAN BROS.. T. X r
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacrament* SftADVERTISEMENTS.
Do You Need a Spring Tonic?
AVOID MALARIA AND WASTING DISEASES.
ft Restores |V[ Refreshes
JssL ■—*_&* — A — * — .
dk MARIAfI
§g| Sustains |If | Strengthens
For Pale at AH Druggists Everywhere. Avoid • Substitutes. Beware of Imitations.
MARIANI & CO., 52 WEST 15TH STREET, NEW YORK.
P.-nd for book sf portraits and autographs free.
OFFICERS' WIVES
CAME HOME ON
THE NEWPORT
Wentto Manila to Join
Their Husbands.
WATCHED SOLDIERS FIGHT
ALL HAD THRILLING EXPERI
ENCES AT CAVITE.
Transports Will Be Hurried Back to
Manila With Troops — Ari
zona to Sail Next Sat
urday. .
Another transport reached port yester
day. The Newport came in from Manila
with eleven passengers only— two officers,
two civilians and six officers' wives. Lieu
tenant H. H. Sickler of the Twentieth
Kansas returned on leave of absence, and
Captain McClure of the medical depart
ment on General Otis' staff was ordered
homo under transfer. G. T. Randall, pay
master of the. navy, and M. S. Armstrong
of the quartermaster's department also
returned.
The ladies are Mr*. Lucie, wife of Lieu
tenant John Lucie of the Third Artillery;
Mrs. Knapp, wife of Lieutenant Knapp of
the Idaho regiment; Miss O'Brien, daugh
ter of Captain O'Brien; Mrs. McVey and
Miss McVev. widow and daughter of Dr.
McVey, and Mrs. Day wait, wife of Dr.
Daywalt.
The officers' wives left here on the New
port and on their arrival at Manila took
up their residence at Cavite. When the
f.ghting beg-an all thf! women were put
lack on the Newport, as in attack by the
rebels was feared. They witnessed the
fhehtlng from the decks of the trans
port and had a thrilling time of it.
"Yes, I have plenty of experience and
lots of excitement." said Mrs. Lucie. "We
were all so nicely lodged at i avlte. and,
frere really enjoying life in the tropics
when serious trouble commenced. My
husband was ordered to the front, and
when I left Cavite he was miles in the
country on duty with his. command.
"Tho" natives are very treacherous, and
after Manila was fired we could not put
trust in any of them. There was some
talk of Cavite being attacked, and as the
place is a number of -iii- from Manila it
would have to he fended by men from
the fleet and the soldiers left on guard.
We broke up our quarters and were bun
dled on board the Newport. I was sick
on the voyage up. but am feeling well
now." . • _ - "• ■ 
Mrs Lucie is the daughter of Judge Alva
Conklin. Her relatives did not know of
her return, so none of them were down
to meet her when he came ashore from
the transport on the steamer General Mc-
Dowell. She took a carriage and drove
uptown prepared to surprise her mother
and sister. She was married to Lieuten
ant Lucie shortly before he was ordere,,
to Manila and her honeymoon was spent
aboard the Newport.
The Pacific Mail Company made, a
strong effort to get their vessel back,
but the Government would not let the
Newport go, so she will &° back with
troops to Manila in company with the
Scandia and Arizona. These vessels will
all get away within the next ten days
and will take a reinforcement of over 3000
men to General Otis. The Morgan City.
Senator and Ohio are expected this week
and they also will be sent back as soon
'as they Van be made ready.
The "British ship Strathdon is alongside
the Arizona discharging her cargo of coal
into the transport's bunkers. The work
of discharging will go on all of to-day
and by to-morrow the Arizona will be
coaled. All her cargo will be aboard by
'Friday, the soldiers that are to go away
on her will arrive Saturday morning and
Saturday afternoon the Arizona will sail
for Manila. The Scandia will go on the
Hunters Point drydock to-morrow morn
ing and on Tuesday she will begin coaling
and receiving freight. About Tuesday
week she will get away and probably the
Newport will accompany her. The latter
vessel will go on the Union Iron Works
drvdock to-morrow. ..■*..
The transport Valencia arrived at Ma
nila Yesterday and the Morgan City was
in N'aeasaki. bound for San Francisco
when the Newport left. ■ < ;y-.
The Alaska Commercial Company s
Bertha w*IU be launched from Hay &
•Wrl-rht's shipyard on the 12th Inst.*» She
has "been cut In two and lengthened 40
feet, a hurricane deck has been added,
• new boilers put in and other improve
ments made until now she is one of the
finest steamers on the coast. The Ber
tha will run in the St. Michael trade. *
The Portland steamer State of Califor
nia was two hours late getting away yes
terday for the Columbia River. Just at
sailing: time eleven wagon loads of- fruit
•and vegetables came down for Portland
and Astoria and these had to be piled up
on the hurricane deck before the steamer
could get away. ', -.
Fraternal Honors to Maj. McConvllle.
Fraternal honors will be shown the re
mains of Major Edward McConvllle. who
fell-nt the head of the Idaho battalion
ADVERTISEMENTS.
rB+B+B+B+B+S+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B
The Best Is "Dr. Pierces."
v^*" — "v : Try an Electric Belt for that pain,
rt \. Weakness, Lame Back or anything else
i \ Mi that ails you 'except poverty), and you
fir • lj\] will be pleased with the result. Elec-
}ll €m& $£B tricity will brace you up. put new life
»yi -^T \y*k into you and make you feel twenty
\A j'*J_\S\ years younger than you do at present.
I &?M!f That's what a GOOD Electric Belt will
»y L c^yfm v do; but be sure you get a J? 00 6 one
%_mS' TO"? ■ w hile you are • about it. In short BUY
#^fe-'Mjl>\^§i& NO BELT TILL YOU SEE "DR.
Ssv\lM^ v %aP^l pierces." :
\ *__m__r'$ y : • Call at the office or send 2c in stamps
W^vVW3®^lr for "BOOKLET No.. 2." Address -.;. -,;
Wf PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
"™ 62 0 MARKET STREET •
(Opposite Palace Hotel), S. F.
In the Philippines by Golden Gate Com
pany. Uniform Rank. Knlehts of Pythias,
on Sunday, at 3:30 p. m., at Pytman Hall.
The impressive ceremonies of the order
will be performed. Major McConville was
a prominent Pythian in Idaho, having
been a past grand chancellor of Idaho at
the time of nis death.
A VALUABLE INVENTION.
The Product of a Local Chemist
Proves a Boon to Humanity.
When Otto H. Mohr discovered the cel
ebrated "N. N." shampoo he did a re
markable thing, but when he put it on !
the market, placing it within the reach {
of every one, he conferred a boon on hu
manity equal only to the one conferred j
by the man who makes two blades of j
grass grow where one grew before. The ;
goods were placed on the market in April
of last year. Nevertheless, in the short >
space of the year Just passed, owing to I
the excellence of the preparation and the j
energetic business management of Mr. I
Mohr, the "N. N." shampoo is a house
hold idol. in every city and hamlet of the
West, and is being rapidly pushed to the
Eastern coast, and will eventually go
across the Atlantic Ocean as it has gone
across the Pacific.
"Is there much demand for 'X. X.'
shampoo?" repeated Mr. Mohr yesterday I
in answer to a question. "Decidedly j
there is. There seems to he no compet
itor for it in the market. The prepara
tion has been highly ..recommended by
physicians, particularly since the change
in : formula, in which is .incorporated a
vegetable compound that has materially ;
added to its beneficial qualities. I at- j
tribute the sudden and increasing popu- !
larity of the 'N. N\' shampoo to the fact !
that -it .wins friends for Itself. The good
effects from Its use are apparent at '
once. To begin with. It Is cheap, 5 cents
a package, putting it within the reach
of every one. Then its properties are i
nothing short of wonderful. It cleanses
the scalp like magic and leaves the hair j
healthful, soft and fluffy.
"Aside from the cheapness and bene- ;
ficial effect of 'X. x.' shampoo," he con
tinued, "it has other qualities that com
mend it to the public, and these are the
facility and ease with which it can be
used in tin home. Any one who has un
dergone the torture of a shampoo in a
barber-shop, and who pays flve times |
as much for the luxury, can appreci
ate the advantages of a good home sham
poo, and one that is more thorough than I
the best a barber can give. With these ;
advantages In up-to-dateness I think •
there is no mystery why 'N. N. shampoo i
is lii demand.".
Mr. Mohr has been an extensive trav
eler, having made a tour of the wond.
and has spent much time In the principal
cities of Europe. It was in Germany,
while completing his studies in chemis
try, that he discovered this valuable
preparation. Mr. Mohr, though a young
man. is a keen observer, and his views
on foreign subjects and anecdotes of his
travels are particularly interesting. He
is possessed of a pleasing personality and
address that in conjunction with his ver
satility makes him a most companionable
person and has brought him popularity
in social circles. He is identified with
the Iroquois Club, and is an active and
enthusiastic member of that organiza
tion.
EXPERTS ON MORALITY.
Clergymen to Be Called to Testify as
to Bacigalupi's Pictures.
At the trial of Peter Bacigalupi, pro
prietor of phonograph parlors on Market
street, charged with haVing Indecent pic
tures on exhibition, before Acting Police
Judge Barry, Friday, Thomas G. Dunn,
proprietor of the Art saloon on Market
street, was called as an expert witness for
the defense against Prosecuting Attorney
Carpenter's objection that he was not
qualified to testify as an expert as to
morality and decency.
To counteract the evidence of Saloon
Keeper Dunn, Prosecuting Attorney Car
penter yesterday issued subpenas to
Revs. John Hemphill, Jacob Voorsanger
William I. Kip Jr. and Father P. E. Mul
ligan to be present when the case is again
called next Thursday, and testify as to
whether the pictures exhibited by the de
fendant are Immoral or decent.
You get the. best -violin strings at
Mauvaifl', 769 Market street. •'
Wants a Divorce.
Janet A-i.Felsler has sued her husband,
George G.-Pelsler, for a divorce, alleging
cruelty Mt cause for complaint.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ■ SUNDAY, APRIL 9, 1899.
PARENT IN JAIL AND
WEDDING WILL GO ON
THREATS OF MURDER MAR A ROMANCE.
JACOB FREDERICKS, an ex
pressman, residing at 1612 Stelner
street, has become involved in a
peck of trouble through his ef
forts to prevent the marriage of
his daughter Theresa to the man
of her choice. Although the young
woman Is 21 years old and amply
qualified to make her own choice of
a husband, Fredericks was loth to ad
mit that she chose wisely or well. He
does not like Charles Earner, the
bridegroom-to-be, and Informed his
daughter of the fact some time ago,
at the same time ordering her to cast
him off. This the girl flatly refused to
do, and the ira-te parent, finding his
remonstrances failed to produce the
required effect, changed his tactics and
threatened to prevent the wedding by
murdering his offspring. In conse
quence of his bloodthirsty and Ill
judged threat Fredericks suddenly
found himself behind prison bars,
there to ruminate on the futility of
opposing his weak will to the mach
inations of Cupid.
Fredericks' arrest was the climax
of a series of events extending over
a period of nearly a year. During that
time his daughter has been employed
as a domestic in the house of Claus
Wreden, 2113 Taylor street, proprie
tor of the Washington brewery. Dur
ing all this time Barner and Miss
Fredericks were engaged to be mar
ried and Fredericks has made the life
of both miserable by his annoying
persecution. He had a way of follow
ing them and camping on the door
steps of places they visited, but al
though Barner is a small, inoffensive
looking man, Fredericks never suc
ceeded in mustering up sufficient cour
age to tell him that he was a persona
non grata at the Fredericks home.
Thursday afternoon the young
couple visited the marriage license of
fice and Cupid Danforth furnished
them with a legal permit to wed.
When this fact became known to the
father of the bride-to-be he danced
PLANS TO SECURE A
BIG CONVENTION
EPWORTH LEAGUERS HAVE
TAKEN ACTION.
Committee Appointed With Full
Power to Act and, to Raise
$25,000.
Definite steps were taken on Friday to
bring the International Epworth League
assembly to San Francisco in 1901. At
.the conference of delegates from the
various Metholist Episcopal churches of
this city and from the Epworth League
alliances of San Francisco and the neigh
boring counties a committee of five was
selected to nominate a committee of five
to do the preliminary work toward se
curing the international assembly two
years hence. The nominating committee
consisted of Rev. J. N. Beard, Rev. W.
W. Case, Rev. A. T. Needham, I. J. Tru
man and B. L. Weymouth. They ap
pointed the following as a committee to
secure the assembly of 1901: Rev. Thomas
Filben, C. B. Perkins, Robert Husband,
Miss Sarah Powell and J. R. Waste. This
committee was authorized. to appoint sub
committees from the various county or
ganizations of the Epworth League to
co-operate with it. Delegates were also
appointed to visit the different Epworth
leagues and interest them in the prelim
inary work.
It Is proposed to co-operate with a sep
arate committee from the southern part
of of the State of the same kind as that
organized last night to raise $25,00*) and
send a delegation to Indianapolis to pre
sent the claims of San Francisco. The
Epworth League assembly will be held
in that city next August. Should San
Francisco secure the next assembly to
be held it is believed that the influx of
visitors will be as great, if not* greater,
than it was during the Christian Endea
vor convention of 1597._ yv
THE FORESTRY
COMMISSION
To the Editor of The Call: Your In
formant of the action of the Waters
and Forests Society was somewhat at
fault in the statement that in the ap
pointment by that body of commission
ers of irrigation and forestry it was
driven to that action by the Governor's
veto of bills to secure the same end.
Two bills were introduced by the
Waters and Forests Society and both
had the hearty support and approval
of Governor Gage. The society made
every effort to secure their timely pas
sage. Both passed the House and the
bill for an y irrigation .;• commissioner
passed the Senate, but did not" reach
the Governor until after final adjourn
ment. As it carried- an appropriation
which would undoubtedly be held up
by the State officers for non-fulfillment
of the constitutional requirement its
passage was non-effective. It was not
vetoed by the Governor, but was con
stitutionally dead before it readied him.
The forestry commission bill died on
the Senate file.
This failure is much to be regretted,
but its harm may be minimized by th
action of the society in filling the' gap.
It is expected that the irrigation" com
missioner it has appointed will have
access to the information in possession
of the United States Geological Survey,
and the beneflt of conference with Mr.
Newell, in charge of the hydrographic
work of that survey. It is known that
the forestry commission will at once
secure the assistance of Mr.Gifford
Pinchot, the expert forester in charge
of the forestry division of the Agricul
tural Department. The reports of these
commissioners to the next Legislature
will form adequate basis for the re
quired legislation. The Waters and
Forests Society needs active and ma
terial support. Single memberships are
$5, and organized bodies are entitled to
one member for each $5 they contribute.
The subject is of such far-reaching im
portance that the society should soon
be equipped with ample means for its
work. Very* truly, -•• -• < •'-)
JOHN P. IRISH.
Sues for Maintenance.
Dorette H. Heinrich has sued her hus
band. Emil Bruno Heinrich, for mainte
nance. Mrs. Heinrich alleges that for
with rage and swore the wedding
should never take place. After he had
worked himself Into a proper frenzy
he started out to find Earner. The lat
ter is the proprietor of a grocery
at the corner of Laguna and Fil
bert streets, but the. courageous par
ent did not seek him there, neither
did he look for him at his home, but
5 o'clock Friday morning found
him keeping vigil in front of the Wre
den residence, where his daughter is
employed. An hour or two later Fred
ericks Intercepted a member of the
"Wreden family as he was leaving the
house and informed him that he was
looking for his daughter to shoot her.
"She shall never leave that house
alive," he is reported to have declared.
Miss Fredericks was warned to re
main indoors and did not venture from
the house all day, as her father re
mained in the neighborhood and she
feared he might execute his threat.
'She Wredens advised her to have her
father arrested, and although loth to
do so she finally decided that there
was no other safe course to pursue.
Accordingly Miss Fredericks appeared
before Police Judge Conlan shortly be
fore noon yesterday and swore to a
complaint charging her father with
threatening to kill her.
A warrant for Fredericks* arrest was
promptly issued and placed in the
hands of Officer W. H. Irvine. The officer
found Fredericks at the corner of Sut
ter and Sansome streets, wnere his ex
press wagon stands, and took him to
the California-street station. He was
later in the afternoon removed to the
City Prison and locked up in the tanks,
his bonds being fixed at $1200 or $500
cash ball. Miss Fredericks and Barner
were at the California-street station a
few minutes after the girl's father
was brought in. In some way the pris
oner learned that his daughter was
there and sent up a request for her to
come downstairs, as he wished to see
her, but she ignored me request.
"Why should I see him?" she said.
"He has made trouble enough for us
two months past her husband has neg
lected to contribute toward the support
of herself and two minor children. She
asks for permanent alimony in the sum
of $75 a month.
. . — ■ »'■
OLYMPIC WHEELMEN'S BACES.
Road and Track Events Programmed
for This Week.
The Olympic Club Wheelmen will hold a
flve-miln road race from San Leandro to
Haywards to-day to try out some
more re-lay aspirants. Captain . Spillane
will lead a club run, taking the 9 a. m.
broad gauge boat.
The employes of Neustadter Brothers
will hold a five-mile race to-day also
over the same course. The entries and
their handicaps are as follows: C. Lang
ley and J. H. Higgins, scratch; Morris
Ballin and A. C. McFarlan, 15 seconds;
Curtis Winchester and H. Patterson, 25;
William Wolf and Benjamin Moore, 30;
Ed Long, Joseph Laneley and C. L.
Ricketson, 45; J. Wittman, H. Wallace
and H. Wilkes. 1:30; A. Acret, S. Beamish
and Benjamin Collins, 2 minutes.
All arrangements are completed for the
Olympic Wheemen's big race meet on the
following Sunday, the 16th, at their out
side grounds on H street. A splendid
programme of events has been arranged,
and some exciting contests are looked
for. The entries close Monday night. Re
served seats will be on sale at Leben
baum's, on Sutter street, the latter part,
of next week.
The Bay City Wheelmen's annual vau
deville entertainment will be held at Na
tive Sons' Hall next Thursday evening.
April 13. An exceptionally fine list or
talent has been secured. Dancing will
follow the entertainment. Reserved seats
will be obtainable at Sherman & Clay's
Wednesday and Thursday next.
"Baby" Gibson and Hardy Downing,
with Charles Ward, trainer, will leave for
the East Monday night. Gibson and Ward
go direct to Cincinnati to train for the
coming season. Downing wiH join Mc-
Farland and Stevens at Louisville. Otto
Ziegler Jr. has decided not to go East
this season. He is disappointed at his
Inability to regain his old form and will
now probably give up the cycling game
entirely.
Wedding Night Reception.
A reception was tendered to Mr. and
Mrs. M. L. Megladdery at the home of*
Dr. Vt'. R. Scroggs, a brother of Mrs.
Megladdery. on the evening of their wed
ding this week. Many valuable presents
were received by ..the happy couple and
they were showered with congratulations
and compliments from a host of friends.
Among the presents received was a hand
some dinner set from Megladdery's asso
ciate employes in the business department
of The Tall.,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A HUNDRED REASONS
Can be given why Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets are the best and most effectual
cure for every form of Indigestion. ;
They are in the tablet form which re-
tains their good . qualities indefinitely,
while liquid preparations become stale
and useless with age.
They are convenient, can be carried in
the pocket and taken when needed. They
are pleasant to take.
After each meal dissolve one or two
of them in the mouth, and, mingling with
the food, they constitute a perfect diges-
tive, absolutely safe for the most sensi-
tive stomach.
They digest the fond before it has time
to ferment, thus preventing the forma-
tion of gas and keeping the blood- pure
and. free from the poisonous products of
fermented, half-digested food.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets Is the only
.remedy designed especially for the cure
of stomach troubles and nothing else.
One disease, one' remedy; the successful
physician of to-day is the specialist, the
successful medicine is the medicine pre-
pared especially for one disease.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets make the
complexion clear by keeping the blood
pure.
They increase flesh by digesting flesh
forming foods.
A whole package taken at one time
would not hurt one, but would simply
be a waste of good . material.
Over six thousand men and women in
the State of Michigan alone have been
cured of Indigestion and dyspepsia by
the use of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
Sold by all druggists at 50 cents a pack-
ago. '
all, and I intend to send him to jail for
six months."
A moment later she half relented.
"I don't want to send him to jail,"
she said, "but what can I do? I am
afraid he will make good his tareat if
he is allowed his liberty. We are to be
married next Wednesday evening, and
I Intend to keep him in jail until after
the wedding if possible."
Miss Fredericks is tall and slim,
with a wealth of auburn hair, blue
eyes and a fair complexion. She is
well educated, and her character is
above reproach. The Wredens give
her an excellent reputation and have
championed her cause all through the
trouble in which her love affair has
Involved her. The young couple have
furnished a neat flat over the grocery.
The furniture is paid for, and they will
go to housekeeping as soon as the mar
riage ceremony is performed.
Fredericks denies that he threatened
his daughter, and says he cannot im
agine why she should have him arrest
ed. He admits that he is opposed to
her marrying Barner, but the only ob
jection to his future son-in-law he
could think of was that he smoked
cigarettes. The expressman took his
arrest lightly at first, and claimed he
would soon be at liberty. He sent mes
sages to a number of friends, includ
ing a number of bankers, asking them
to go on his bond; but as the afternoon
wore on and they failed to come to his
relief his confidence began to evapor
ate, and by nightfall he was in a de
cidedly uncomfortable frame of mind..
He claims to be worth $15,000, consist
ing of the property where he lives and
the adjoining house. The property
stands in the name of his wife, how
ever, as the result,, so his daughter
says, of his tendency to drink and
make trouble. She says this is not
the. first time he has been behind
prison bars, and in reply to his denial
of her charge declares he has made
threats against her life so openly and
recklessly that she will have no trouble
in proving her allegation.
ADVEBTISEMEM TS.
ii mm mwm tf
FOR
GRIP
Is only one of
Dp. Humphreys' Specifics.
There are others equally good.
All Pain, Fever, Heat, Restlessness, al-
layed by Specific No. 1.
Headache, Sick Headache and "Vertigo
relieved and cured by No. 9.
Dyspepsia, Indigestion and Weak
Stomach quickly cured by No. 10.
Skin Diseases— Erysipelas, Salt Rheum,
yield to No. 14.
Rheumatism— and Chronic, Lum-
bago, all controlled by No. 15.
: Malaria, Fever and Ague, by No. 16.
Whooping Cough arrested by No. 20.
For other Specifics see Dr. Hum-
phreys' Manual; at drugstores, or sent
" free.
At druggists or sent prepaid:- 25c and $1.
Humphreys' Med. Co., Cor. William & John
Sts., New York. Be sure to get
HUMPHREYS'
_ — _
"PEGAMOID"
TRADE MARK. .
ALUMINUM PAINT
LOOKS I.IKE FROSTED SILVER.
A EUROPEAN SUCCESS
For the Past 7 Years.
FOR ALL USES AND USERS
ON WOOD. GLASS. METAL, STONE BRICK
and FABRIC SURFACES; makes a perfect
amalgamation; covers 2 to 1 over any other
paint, stands 600 DEGREES OF HEAT with-
out scaling.
BEAUTIFUL, ARTISTIC. DURABLE. WASH-
ABLE. Prevents BARNACLES and FOULING
in SALT WATER, CORROSION and RUST
from exposure. Send 25c for SAMPLE bottl*
and pamphlet. "WHAT IS PEGAMOID?"
WESTERN AGENCIES CO.,
61 and 62, Chronicle Building. S. F.
LARGE SUMS TO LEND
On Undivided Interests on Estate*.
Real Estate on Probate.
Reversionary and Life Interests on Real and
Personal Property. •. y* -
Annuities and Legacies.
Or will buy outright.
Life Insurance Policies bought or loaned on.
Patents sold on favorable terms, and capital
procured to develop and perfect meritorious
Inventions or Ideas.
Amounts from
$10,000 to $500,000
Available for Investment on Mortgage or
Revenue Producing Securities.
For terms and particulars address,
R. GOULD,
131 Montgomery St., San Francisco, Cal.
000000000000000000
%w PALACE mil
%GRAND " "?Ji g
0 .SAN FRANCISCO. ft
Connected by a cover"." passageway. **
"-*•* 1400 Room-— 9OO w: h "nth Attached. 0
O : All Under One Management. O
0 NOTE THE PRICES: O
0 European Plan. Bl. per day and upward ©
0 American Pian.s'».OU per day and upward A
•Correspondence Solicited. O
0 . JOHN C. KIRKPATRICS. Xftnager. O
OOOOOOOOOOOCOOOOOO
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, 50c to 11 50 day;
$6 to $S week; J8 to $30 month. Free baths: hot
and cold water every room: Are grates in every
room; elevator runs all night. ,•
WfifiluF Call $1.00 w Iw,
.., _ ",, ...... y* ..:..-.-^_m_
_ ADVERTISEMENTS. I
— "T— — "' '» ' M^i^ a iga6a^^»gi"-r. -it- i-i" m i BW»j — n*m»«p»« — i«mi — — ■
(1 CITY OF PARIS A
L A DRY .STOCKTON L A
10 C GOODS |^AaGEARY • (/ V
rT^l Monday, Tuesday and WyRX
\^V^7 Wednesday / S||
/"> Special Offering of /^)
/ S Millinery Novelties at /Q-C
/ \ Popular Prices. \ f
? y> Ladies' Stylish Hats f0r. ... .$lO.OO S • \
0 Special Offering $15.00 /***)
Millinery Novelties at /£} L
Popular Prices. >■ [
Ladies' Stylish Hats for $10.00 /
Ladies' Stylish Hats for $15.00 / /
/ Ladies' Stylish Hats f0r.... 520. (I
/ 1 Mail and express / I
J * \ orders receive prompt / . \
\ / attention. / \
L --- - A i " -■ _________
■ I. . _ . . I
ATT, BOAP TBAVjeIL. ,
MOU'A -irr.K.N <Aii»it (OJiriM.
(fACiriO SYHTKH.)
Trnln. !«*•»» «■ j.ii.l m*« itue to mrlif **.»
KAN IIHXISK*.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
leave — From Apeil 9, 1899. — arkite
•0:OOa Nile*. San Jose and Way Stations... •«:4"».a
7:OOa Benicia, Suisun And Sacramento . . 5:45 y
7:OOa Marvsville, Orotilleaud Heddiug Tia
Woodland 3:45f
7:OOa Elmira, Vacaville and Ramsey 8:4
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vailejo. Napa,
t'aliitogft, aud Santa Rosa 6:13p
8:OOa Atlantic Kxprexs, og.lrn and Kast.. Bt4sr
M-'tOA Han .lose, Livermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacraiiieuti), Placerville,
M.irysville, Chico, Had liliill ' 4:lsr>
9:30 a *Miltun, Oakdale and rionora 4:15!
9:0»A Martinez, Tr»cy, Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced snd Fresno. 18tl5p
UiOOa Fresno, Kakersi'.eM. Santa liuriiara,
Los Angeles, Demlog, El Paso,
New Orleans and East 6:45
1 OiOOa Vailejo. Martinez and Way Stations ~:13l-
-12:00m Niles, Livermore, Stockton, Sacra- • •■-;• ,
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Visalia,
Pcrterville 4:1 Up
MtOOp Sacramento Kiver Steamers......... *8:00p
4<oor Martinez, Sau Ramon, Vailejo,
Napa, (.'all-it, ign, Smith. H05t...... 0:13*
. 4:00p Benicia, Vacaville, Bacrainento,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
Marysvilie, Oroville 10:4Sa
4:80p Niles, San Jose aud Stockton 7:15p
4:30p Yosemite Sleeping Car for Raymond 18:15p
S:OOp The Owl. Fresno, Bakersfield, San-
ta Barbara, Los Angeles 0:43 a
«D3»Oop Pncilic Coast Limited. El Paso,
• Fort Worth, Little Rock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East ........ 18:43 a
3:30p Stockton, Merced, Fresno 12:13-'
3:30 p Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojave and I .us Angeles 8:43 a
SiSOp Santa Fe Route, Atlantic Kipress
for Mojave aud Kast 6:45
6»oopF,nrope:iii Mall, Ogden and Fast.... 9:43 a
6:OOp Haywards, Niles and San Jose 7:45 a !
•0:OOi- ValleJ 12:15p j
7:OOp Oregon l-'inrrH-*, Sacramento, Marys-
vilie, He, l. ling, Portland, Puget
Sound ami Kast 7:45 a
(8:OOp Vailejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions }10:30p
'10:03p Sunset Limited. Fresno, 1.08
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
and Kaat t**-*sp
KAN LEAMUIO AMI HAYW4KDS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
TJ Melrose, Seminary Park, ( 6:43 a
8:0Oa Klteliliure*, Klnilmrst, ti»:l3A
40:OOa Nan I.fiiiiilro, South San (*o:4sa
lO.OOa Leanilro, Fstuilillo, 10:43 a
<11:OOa ■ Lorenzo, Cherry ■ tll:45 A
t'3:«Op an ,| * 12:45p
x-?" p llajnard*. I*****
' ,oop i Runs through to Niles . 'H'** 1,
J t From Niles. ( <:lap
COAST HIVIMON (Narrow (iau^f).
' (Foot of Market Street.)
17:43 a Santa Oruz Excursion for Santa
Oruz and Principal Way Stations }8:03p
8:15 a Newark, Oenterville.San Jose.Felton,
Boulder Creek.Santa Oruz and Way
Stations 5«30p
•2:1 Newark, Centerville, San Jose, Now
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations "10:30 a
4:15p San Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta- \
tions 0:20 a
64:1 3p Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
tlous ■ /9;20a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIN FRANCISCO — foot of Harkit Street (SUb 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:011 a.m. 11*00 *2:00 {3:00
•4:00 16:00 •8:00r.M.
r-tmOllUKD— root-"Br»»dw«v.— -'1:00 8:00 10:00 a.m.
118:00 •1:00 t8:00 »3:00 14:00 "8:00 P.M.
COAST MTIBMHI (Broad Mange).
(Third and Townsend Sts.)
•0:1Oa Bouth San Francisco , »6:30p
•7:00 a San Jose ami Way ' Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) liUOp
J7:Boa Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Sant* Cruz, Pacific Grove and
Principal Way Stations lS:33p
OiOOa Han .lime, Tres Pinos, Santa Ortiz,
Pacilic Grove, Paso Rubles, San
Luis Obispo, Guadalupe, Surf aud
Principal Way Stations 1 : 1 0 1-
I«i4oa San and Way Stations <8:OOa
11i30a San Jose and Way Stations StSOp
*2>4si*Sau Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San .lose,
Gilrny, Holllster, Santa Cruz.
Salinas, Monterey and Pacilic
■ • • Grove ■.. -|O:30a
•BiBo|> Sail Jose and Way Stations •*»:•><>*
•4:15p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:15 ■
•Stoop San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:30 a
3:30r San.Tose and Principal Way Stations •*»::{.*■ a
«:.'»Op San Jose and Way Stations 7:30p
tlli4sp San Jose and Way Stations.... ______]
A for Morning. P for Afternoon *^
• Sundays excepted. 1 Sunday only. ' fiat.urilaysonly.
""[Mondays only. bSaturday and Sunday.
- J Sunday and Monday.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— *7::O. *9:30, 11:00 a. m.;' •1:45.
3:45. 5:15. »6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— San Rafael on Mon-
days, Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. i
SUNDAYS - »8:00. •10:00. »U:3O a. m.; »1:15,
8:00. »4:30. 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS -5:2.*). '6:35. 7:45. "9:30 a. m.;
•12:20. 2:20. »3:45, 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. ta.
SUNDAYS - 6:20. •f:00. 'lO^. *11:55 a. m.:
•1:15, »3:10. 4:40. «6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentln. »>*• '
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:45. 7:55. 9:40 a. m.;
12:35, 2:45, 3:50, 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS an Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 d. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:05 a. m. : 12:05. 1:20, 3:20.
6 .-00. 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a. m. week daya — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
1:00 a-m. Sundays— Mills and way sta's.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
-Via Sausalito Terry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday,
Sept. 11. 1898: ■ .
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— B:Co. 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:15 p. m.
Bound' trip from Mill Valley.. $1. _
THOS CPOK & SON. Affents. CD Market
-MntSkSSA-FWiclaoo- ' ' ' -1 J
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. C(J.
LESSEE]
SAN FRANCISCO. AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00' a. m.; 12:35,
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trlj»
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:541
and 11:30 p. m.
BUNDAYS-8-.00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30, 3:30,
6:00. 8:20 p. m. -•>--.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45,
8:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips ai
1:56 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a, m.; 1:40. 8:40.
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Paxil
tame schedule as above.
, . _ 4
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
i ! October 16, -
Week I Sun- 1898. Sun- i Week
Days. Days. Destination, days. I days.
7:30 am 1 8:00 am! Novato, 10:40 ami 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma 6:10 pmflo*.is am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa, 7:85 pm 6:22 pnv
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
■ Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22 pa
Hopland and :. Iy
7:30 am' _. Ukiah. ' 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am '•"*"•- ! 10:25 am.
8:00 am Gurneyvtlle. 7:35 pml
8:30 pm| 6:22 pra
7:30 am j S:ooam Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and-
-5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. - 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am! 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am'lo:2s am
3:30 pmj 5:00 pirn 7:35 pm, 6:22 pm'
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-J
serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale fo?
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carlsbad;
Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs! at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter*
Springs, Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Llerlev's. Bucknell'B,
Sanhedrln Heights. Huliviile, Booneville, Orr'i
Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg.
Westport. T'sal. Wlllitts. Laytonvllle. Cum*,
minjr's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point!
beyond Ban Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St.. Chronicle bids.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN. •
General Manager. , Gen. Pass Agent*
■ ; —J.
California
Limited
Santa fe Route
Connecting* Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 5
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES-
DAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. tht=»
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday In New
, Yorkat 1:30 P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Electrio
Lighted Sleeping Car. . yr-
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express. y
SAS francisco tickeOFTice — m MARKET si.
TELEPHONE MAIM 16JI. .
Oakland Offioe— lllB Broadway. ;.>;,•;- '•
. Saoramento Offioe— 23l J Street.
San Jose Offioe— 7 West Santa Clara Si.
THE SAN FRANCISCO' AND SAN JOAQUffI
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. IS, 1899. trains will run aa follow*!
' South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. • Mixed. Pae*»*a.
ger. Sunday Stations, Sunday- sur. ■
Daily. Exc'ptd \ .' Exc'ptd Daily. •
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pnj
9:10 ami 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pro
10:40 am 3:35 pm, ' Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 prn
11:33 am: 7:43 pm Hanford . 7:45 am 1:45 pro
2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfield 2:00 am!ll:C0 am
11:59 am 6:2* pm 1 Visalia 6:40 am; 1:22 pro
12:lf pm, 6.53 pm Tulare 6:50 ami 1:05 pra.
Stopping- at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections]
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 321 Markei
■itiesU.Ea.-i Francisco.
BUY A FARM FOR SILVER
AND SELL THE PRODUCTS FOR
GOLD.
TOU CAN DO IT IN
MEXICO,
RAISING COFFEE. ORANGES. BAN^iNAS
AND CATTLE.
THE MEXICAN CENTRAL STAND-
ARD GAUGE RAILWAY
Reaches all the Important points in the Re-
. public.
Excursion tickets, limited nine months from
date of sale, may be purchased at any rail-
road ticket office
Address the undersigned for descriptive mat-
ter, including "Facts and Figures About Mex-
ico," mailed free.
C. E. MINER.
General Western Agent, room 209 Houser build-
ing. St. Louis, Mo.
W. D. MURDOCK.* * •
Asst. Gen'l Pass. Agt^ City. ot-Mtxloa.
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Tall, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until It o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 6B7 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
257 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
IS4I Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
Streets; open until 8 o'clock. -
CHURCH NOTICES.
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist, Central
block, J.J.A Sutter tl., bet. Kearny and Grant
aye.— Christian Science Bible lesson, 11 a. m. ;
subject, "The Doctrine of Atonement." Sun-
day-School for children at the same hour.
Wednesday evening meeting at 8 o'clock. All
are welcome.
ST. PAUL'S Church. California St., near Fill-
more, Rev. William Maxwell Reilly. rector-
Holy communion, 7:30 a. m. Sunday school,
9:30 a. m. Morning prayer and sermon, 11
o'clock. Evening prayer and sermon, 7:30
o'clock. Special Easter music by vested choir
under the direction of A. A. Rankin, organ-
ist and choirmaster.
CALVARY ' Presbyterian Church, cor. Powell .
and Geary sts.— Rev. John Hemphill, D.D.,
pastor. Services ut 11 a. m. and 7:iu p. m. ; ;
evening topic, "The Foundation the Standeth
Sure." Morning service— Easter anthem, j
"Hark! i Hear the Angels": offertory, "He
Is Risen" (Schnecker): soprano solo, Mrs.
Susie Hert Mark; vioiin obllgato, Henry Lar- |
sen. Evening service— Anthem, "Sing With
All the Sons of Glory": offertory, "Easter
Hymn" (Roeder): contralto solo. .Miss Beres-
ford Joy. All are cordially Invited.
EIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church; corner Hayes and Buchanan sts.—
Rev. John Stephens, pastor; residence, 303
Haight st. Preaching at 11 8- m. and 7:30 p.
in. The pastor will preach at both services. :
Topic at 11 a. m.. "Not With Observation";
at 7:30 p. m, "Thinking Makes the Man."
Special music at the evening service. Sun-
day-school at 12:30 p. m.. C. B. Perkins su-
perintendent. Epworth League meeting at
6:30 p. m" *
CENTRAL Methodist EpiscopaJ Church. Mis-
sion st. between Sixth and Seventh— Dr.
Charles Edward Locke, pastor, will preach:
subject. 11 a. m.. "Thorns in the Flesh"; at
7:30 p. m., "'Shams." Sunday-school 1 p. m..
Rolla V. Watt superintendent. Class meet-
ings, 9:30 a. m. and 12:30 p. ... Christian En-
deavor Society, 6 p. in. This -:- a people's
church. Seats free. Everybody cordially In-
vited. Music led by a chorus choir, J. J.
Morris choirmaster. Midweek prayer service
Wednesday evening.
THE First Unitarian Church, southwest cor.
Geary and Franklin sts.— Rev. Dr. Stebbins, ,
minister emeritus; Rev. Stopford W. Brooke,
minister pro tempore and superintendent of
Sunday school. The Sunday school is at 10
o'clock. The morning service is .- iy 'clock.
Mr. Brooke will occupy the pulpit; subject,
"God's Answer to Suffering Job." There is
no evening service. All are cordially invited.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason sts.— Rev. George C. Adams. D.D., ,
pastor, will preach at both services; 11 a. m.
theme, "The First Sunday . fter the Resur-
rection"; 7:30 p. m., the first of five evening
sermons on "Old Testament Geography";
theme. "Bochim." Al! cordially invited.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church, Post st.,
near Webster— Services to-day at 11 a. m.
and 7:30 p. m. Sunday school at 9:30 a. m.
Rev. F. B. Cherington, D.D., pastor, will
preach morning and evening; 11 a. m., com-
munion and reception of members; 7:30 p. m.,
services under auspices of the young, men:
subject. "The Sin of Worry." The public cor-
dially Invited.
THE West Side Christian Church will hold its
regular services at. 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m.
Rev. Williams, pastor, . will preach in the
morning on "Exercising the Gift"; in the
evening on "What's In a Name?" Sunday
school ls held at 10 a. m. Young People's
meeting at 6:30. All are cordially invited.
BETHANY Church. Bartlett St., near Twenty-
fifth— Rev. W. C. Pond, pastor. Morning sub-
ject, "Believing and Serving"; evening. 7:30,
twenty-fifth anniversary of Chinese Mission
connected with this church; recitations, songs
and addresses by Chinese young men and
children.
THE First Divine Science Church— M. E. Cra-
mer, pastor. Discourse at 11 a. m. : subject,
"The Practical Work of Divine Science."
Services every Sunday In Yosemite Hall. Na-
tive Sons" building, Mason st., bet. Geary and
Post. Take elevator.
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ, 320
Post st. — 'i his church was organized by com-
mand of God in 1%3-i in fulfillment of prophecy.
Preaching at 11 a. m. : subject, "An Allegiance
Formed Through an Obedience to the Gospel.
So That the Saints Are Called the "Sons of
God.' " Preaching at 7:30 p. m. C. A. Parkin,
pastor.
AT the Strangers' Sabbath Home (Howard-
street Methodist Episcopal Church), 643 How-
ard st.. bet. Second and Third— John A. B.
Wilson, D.D., pastor; residence by the
church: telephone Black 961. 11 a. m.. "The
Dominion of Jesus:" repetition by request of
last Sabbath's music: quartet will sing. 7:30
p. m.. "Righteousness That Does Not and
That Does Avail"; special music: Misses
Hermion Lask and Queen Montgomery in duet;
the renowned Professor Henry Clay Wysham
Will give a flute solo. Great rally of young
reople Sabbath night. Seats free. All always
welcome.
ASSOCIATION building. Mason and Ellis sts.—
Thi? afternoon at 3 o'clock, meeting for men
only: address by Rev. C. C. Herriott on "The
Work of the Holy Spirit." All voting men in-
vited. Lunches at the old hall. 232 Sutter St.,
prior t-> its destruction, this week Tuesday,
Wednesday, Thursday and Friday, served by
the ladle? of the various churches. The pub-
lic invited. Lunch from 11 to 2 o'clock. For
benefit of extension of association work.
THEOSOPHICAL Society— Public lecture every
Sunday evening at 8 o'clock In Fraternal Hall.
Odd Fellows' building. To-night Mips Marie
A. Walsh will give her farewell lecture; sub-
ject. "Mantrams. Prayers and Incantations."
Lotus circle for children at 2:30 o'clock.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood (The Theosophlcal
Society ln America). 813 Market St.— Lecture
to-night. "Coffins and Cemeteries." by Dr. J.
A. Anderson; Tuesday night. "Purpose of
Symbolism"; Saturday night, "How Best to
Help Others."
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
A FREE lecture this evening at 8 o'clock.
Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle, 903 Market st.,
by Dr.- J. Depew Kergan of Drs. K. & X.'s
Electric Sanitarium: subject. "Little Things.
or An Evening With the Microscope." Illus-
trations 10 feet in dlaAeter. Note— Those at-
tending this leetur? can procure a compli-
mentary ticket to the wonderful X-ray exhi-
bition at the sanitarium on Tuesday even-
ing next.
SOCIETY of Progressive Spiritualists. Occi-
dental Hall, corner Larkin and McAllister
sts., Sunday, April 9. at 7:30 p. m. Speaker,
Mrs. R. S. Lillie. Subject, "Natural Laws
Apply to Spiritual Things." Admission free.
DR. M. A. POTTINOER will give a parlor talk
to-night at 813 Webster st. All friends of
occultism especially invited. Subject, "Sym-
bolism."
AT DR. RINES' spiritual seance, 11, 2, *-, 909
Market; Mrs. Seeley. Vlgers. Rlrd: free col-
lection; Tuesd.. Frld.. 1238 Howard, 8 p. m.
FREE thought lecture; Dr. York at Lower
Scottish Hall, I>arkin St., this evening, on
"Salvation." Don't miss It. All invited.
TO-NIGHT: Katie :-.ann's spiritual
meeting; 10c: 041 Jessie; circles Friday even-
ings. 25c; sittings daily.
R. A. STITT. electric, magnetic- treatments,
removed 1610 Fifteenth St., cor. Mission; cir-
cles Friday: 25c.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night, 10c; 606 McAllister st. : come, skeptics.
TEST circle to-nleht; everyone gets a test;
hest of satisfaction given. Leander, 913 Eddy.
MRS. HARLAND'S test circle to-night. Tues-
day and Friday; articles read; 10c. 120 Sixth.
C. V. MILLER'S etherializlng. materializing
seance, 8 p. m , 50c. 409 Leavenworth st.
YOUNG man of enterprising ability wants slt-
nation In wholesale house. Box 918. Call.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30,"~F.'and'^_y"
A M. Officers and members will as- _*\
semble at the Temple THIS (SUN- y_._K
DAY) AFTERNOON, at 2 o'clock, to /▼>
conduct the funeral of our late brother.
GEORGE E. QUIMBT of Lincoln Lodge No.
154, Kansas. GEO. J: HOBE, Secretary.
FRANCO-AMERICAN Lodge No vN _MiL_*-
-207, I. O. O. Officers and mem- i££?*****s!x**-.
bers are requested to attend a "fs^WE??
special meeting at Odd Fellows' • -v/ir"**-
Hall. SUNDAY, April 9. at 2 o'clock, p. m.
sharp, to assist with the funeral of our late
brother, JOSEPH DURROUX. By order of
E. BLANQUIE. N. G.
A. OOUBTIAUX, Secretary,
ST. ANDREW'S Society— Grand an- v *•"""■■
nual excursion and picnic at Fair- "Jj, _\f\>jj
fax Park, near San Rafael, SAT- *__\T__jZ
URDAY, May 6, 1899. Good music,
valuable prizes for games; a good time for i
all. .lAS S. WEBSTER. President.
A. R. PATTERSON, Secretary.
THE Caledonian Club will have an v **"""r __
open meeting FRIDAY. April 14, at "JS _\xjh
8 o'clock, at Scottish Hall, 117 Lar- i_^S__af
kin st Members and their friends , *^*
are cordially Invited to attend.
ANGUS McLEOD, Chief.
ANDREW McNAIR, Secretary.
CALEDONIAN Club — Thirty-third v *& _.
annual gathering and games at *n, _\J,J
Shell Mound Park, Berkeley, TUES-
DAY, May 30. Mis'*
ANGUS McLEOD. Chief.
ANDREW McNAIR, Secretary.
MEETING Continued.
O F C —The Grand Council of California,
Order of Chosen Friends, will convene in
Memorial Hall. Odd Fellows' building. Market
and Seventh sts.. TUESDAY, April 11. at 10
o'clock a. m. sharp. '
S. C. WALLIS, Grand Recorder.
NOTICE Is hereby given by order of the Board
of Directors of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY that a meeting of the stockholders
of said Company has been called by said
Board, to be held on FRII-.4T, the second day
of June. A. D. 1899. at eleven o'clock in the
forenoon of said day, at the principal place of
business of said Company, at the building
where the said Board of Directors usually
meets, namely, at the office of said Company,
number 327 Market et.. in the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California: that
the object of said meeting ls to consider and
act upon the proposition that said Company
create a bonded indebtedness of two million
five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000 00), in
United States gold coin, for the purpose of
raising money to complete the construction
of Its steamships and their equipment, for
use In the business of this corporation, and
to purchase and pay for any other property
within the purposes of this Company; and to
secure the bonded indebtedness so proposed
to be created by a mortgage upon its steam
end sailing ships and all other property of
said Company now owned or hereafter to be
acquired by said Company.
By order cf the Board gf Directors of the
Oceanic Steamship Company.
[Corporate Seal.] E. H. SHELDON.
Secretary of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany.
MEET .to-day at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant
aye., to borrow money on any old thing.
SPECIAL" NOTICES^
PILES— PETER FREILING'S pile salve, $1 per
box: warranted to cure all cases of bleeding,
itching, external, internal or protruding
piles without fail, no matter of how long
standing. 162S Devisadero St., near Sutter.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 gd st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND No. 2 (30c per share) of the Paau-
hau Sugar Plantation Company will be pay-
able at the office of the company, 327 Market
st.. on and after MONDAY. April 10, 1899.
Transfer books will close TUESDAY, April 4,
1899. at 3 p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Sec.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
FRENCH dressmaker, Just from Paris, posi-
tively first-class cutter, fitter, designer, late
with Felix & Vincent, to introduce her trade,
wishes to go out; $2 50 by the day; makes
artistically walking, visiting, evening gowns,
fancy waists, guileful skirts; perfect fit, style
and finish guaranteed; latest leading Paris
fashions. MME. JEANNE SBRE GUY, box
899. call office.
WANTED A position as housekeeper in a pri-
vate or public institution by an experienced
lady; best of references. Address MRS. S.
E. P., 421 Hyde st.
WANTED— Housework and plain cooking ln
small family by elderly American woman; a
steady place wished; city or country. Call or
address MRS. R., 1231 Market st.
GOOD cook and laundress wants a position ln
a private family In the city; can give refer-
ences. Box 893, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED lady would like a position as
housekeeper or second work; can give refer-
ences. Box 894. Call office.
SEAMSTRESS with first-class city references
desires few more engagements at $125 day;
suits. $4. Address X., box 896, Call office.
WANTED— By a reliable colored woman, cook-
ing In private family or to nurse children:
references If required. Inquire 510 Post st. ;
upstairs.
NEAT, middle-aged woman wants light house-
work with small family or elderly couple
where she will have good home: small wages;
good references. Address box 921. Call office.
COMPETENT girl wishes situation to do Ger-
man or American cooking; will do general
housework In small family; wages $25. Please
call 2"0 Fell st.
DANISH girl wants to do general housework.
413 Natoma.
SITUATION wanted by a competent American
woman as working housekeeper; city or
country. W. H., 681 Pine st.
FIRST-CLASS laundress by day or week. Call
for 3. days 213 Minna St.
AN experienced woman wishes the care of
young children; good seamstress. Address
60SA Shotwell St., near Twentieth.
AN experienced dressmaker in ladles' and
children's clothes; will accept engagements in
families; $1 25 per day; cutting and fitting
a specialty; references. Apply 1212 Scott st.
NEAT, experienced and reliable, woman wishes
to do housework and cooKing ln American
family in city; small family preftrred; good
references. Apply 10 to 4 Monday, 2329 Cali-
fornia St.. near Fillmore.
WOMAN wishes situation *■-* do housework and
plain cooking. 255 Stevenson st.
SWEDISH woman wishes work by day wash-
ing or housecleaning. Please call at 18
Rausch st.
WANTED— By reliable woman, a situation as
housekeeper, who ls good bread and butter
maker. Address E. L., 522 Stockton st.; city
or country.
LADY piano teacher will give lessons or pay
money for use of piano to practice on a few
days In the week. Box 933. Call office.
CAPABLE woman wishes work of any kind
by the day. Inquire 5 Alaska place, off
Mason, below Bay st.
WOMAN wishes situation to do laundry work
in ; rivate family. 2 Wetmore place, bet.
Powell and Mason, off Clay st.
SEAMSTRESS with first-class city reference
desires few more engagements at $1 25 day;
suits. $4. Address X.. box 896, Call office.
AN intelligent and unincumbered widow wishes
housekeeper's position; will take full charge
of rooming house. Box 908, Call office.
YOUNG woman would like a position as cham-
bermaid. 465 Jessie st., near Sixth.
NURSE wishes a few more engagements: de-
references: $10 week. MRS. DONOVAN, 191
Seventh st. -
GERMAN woman wishes a few steady places
washing; reference: $1 day and car fare.
Address 387 Hayes st.
RESPECTABLE German woman wishes a
situation; a . i .d German cook; in a small
family. Box 9C7. Call
WANTED, by American woman, chamber work
in lodging house or ho--:, care of invalid or
children. Add. "'lmmediately," box 936, Call.
LADY would like a uosition In a small fam-
ily; housework and care for children. Box
937, Call. x
RESPONSIBLE person with first-class ref-
erence would like to take care of a gentle-
man's house ln absence, of family for the
summer, months or longer. Box 936, Call.
WANTED, situation, first-class private fam-
ily, by thorough good cook; also a general
housework girl; reference. 119 A Sixth st. ;
call Monday.
COMPETENT dressmaker would like a few
more engagements by the day ln families.
Apply at 26 Turk St.
GIRL desires second work and waiting or care
of children and assist general housework.
wages $18. Address L. H., 1063 Mission st.
REFINED young woman would like a- position
as lady's companion and assist In light work;
references given. Address box 72. Call office,
Oakland.
GOOD cook, nurse,- seamstress, working house-
keeper or in summer resort. 522 Stockton st.
MRS. PRICE.
WANTED— By a respectable woman, a position
as housekeeper or cook in country; is first-
class cook; with best references. Box 913,
Call office.
POSITION as housekeeper by woman experi-
enced with children or second work; wages
$20. Address L.. box 19, branch Call office,
106 Eleventh st.
TWO German ladles wish situations together;
can do any kind of work; city or country.
Address box 875, Call office.
SWEDISH woman wants washing and ironing
for Mondays; $1 50 a day. Address 30 Aztec
St., off Shotwell. • •
HOWARD. 1139— First-class laundress desires
infants' fancy dresses and laundry work.
LADY capable of taking charge or dentist's,
oculist's or doctor's office, wishes place; best
of references. L. D., box 848, Call office.
BORROW money on diamonds, silver, sealskins,
silks. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
GERMAN woman wants washing or house-
work by the day. Call or address Corner
Twenty-fifth st. and San Bruno road, saloon.
YOUNG German woman wishes position by
day, cooking and housecleaning. 2748 Lom-
bard st. ; telephone West 620.
AMERICAN lady, competent, respectable,
wishes work any kind. 1202 Mission st.
i TWO young ladies would like positions, one as
bookkeeper the other office work. 216 Kearny
St., room 9. '
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $«
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from f*rry: elevator.
SIT CATIONS WANTED—
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grant 58.
JAPANESE emplymt office; help; farm hands,
domestics. ITO, 725 Geary st. ; tel. Polk 12.
RESPECTABLE gentleman . desires to give
French. Italian or Spanish lessons. Box £90,
Call office.
THE SA_S FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 9, 1899.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell st.; tel. East 426.
ENGINEER with license and 25 years' prac-
tice, understands Corliss, compound and con-
denser engines and dynamos, locomotives and
traction engines, wishes a situation; city or
country. Box 868, Call.
YOUNG Englishman wishes position as coach-
man; knows his business and reliable; with
references A. S. ROUSE, 427 Sutter st.
GARDENER, coachman, general utility man
wishes situation; city or country; good ref-
erences. Box 922, Call office.
YOUNG man of good habits wishes position
city taking care horses; careful driver. Ad-
dress V. 0., East Seventeenth st, near. Sev-
enth aye., Oakland; very best references.
WANTED— By a young man who resides with
his parents, a position to learn the grocery
business or a position as assistant book-
keeper. Address box 934, Call office.
YOUNG man of good habits wishes position to
take care of horses ln private family; refer-
ences. Address box 925, Call office.
MATTRESS maker and upholsterer wants
work repairing ln hotel or rooming house;
city or country. W. POOLEY, 225 Fourth st.
GENTLEMEN— Take notice of this! You can
have your underwear washed and mended
and made as soft as carded wool: socks a
specialty.- MRS. TOM, 944 Mission st.
WATCHMAKER and jeweler in want of em-
ployment; 15 years' experience; town or
country'- Box 905, Call. -•- '
WANTED — to work night and morning
for boaro and room. Address A. 8., Win-
chester Hotel.
RESPECTABLE boy, age 17, would like a sit-
uation in a wholesale house: can give the
best of references. Apply 1512 Mission r.t.
SITUATIONS wanted by man and wife: man
as driver or butler; wife good cook, first-class
laundress; country preferred; best of refer-
ences. Call or address IS2 Hickory aye.
PRACTICAL farmer and stockman, good ref-
erences, wishes care of ranch. Box 16, Di-
mond. Alameda County.
POSITION as driver for milk or delivery
wagon; good solicitor; references. Apply 1322
Mission st.
ENGINEER with license and 25 years' prac-
tice, understands Corliss, compound and con-
denser engines and dynamos, locomotives and
traction engine., wishes a situation; city or
country.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants situation; under-
stands orchard work, horses; good driver;
vegetable gardening: can milk; references.
Address box 887, Call office.
PAPERHANGER, timer, painter, wants work
for hotel or bois; city or country. A. CON
LON, 225 Fourth st.
MIDDLE-AGED barman; speaks German and
English; good reliable man; best of refer-
ences; country preferred. Box 886. Call office.
JAPANESE wants position. Who wants a
strong and g0,.,* cook? If amy, try me. H.
Y. S., 131S Polk st.
BARTENDER wants position in resort or
country; gocd mixer. Address box 885, Call.
MONEY to loan you on watches, guns, musical
Instruments. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
PRACTICAL printer, with 10 years' experience
as foreman and business manager of daily
newspaper would like position on city or
country' paper. Box 898, Call office.
GARDENER— Has had 20 years' practical ex-
perience in all branches: has been employed
in some of the best families. Address Gar-
dener, 516 Battery st.
YOUNG man with experience would like place
in cigar store: best of references. T.
HIRSCHFELDER, 324 Hayes st.
BAKER wants position as bread baker; wages
no .-<!. Address box 573. Call office.
AN experienced vineyardist and wife would
like situation: understands wine making and
farming thoroughly. Address A. CAS-
SAQNES. 813 Jessie st.
HELP -WANTED— FEMALE.
TYPEWRITER and stenographer as clerk for
this office; apply early Monday morning. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
25 YOUNG girls for housework; also a number
of young girls to assist; a German girl for
housework, 5 in family; also a number of
ranch cooks. MISS DILLON, 315 Sutter St.;
phone Main 804.
WANTED— Starched work ironers at United
States Laundry, 16th St., near Valencia.
WAIST trimmers and finishers. 2014 Sutter st.
WANTED— GirI to work 3 hours in the morning
continuously, $6 per month. 1556 Grove st.
YOUNG girl to assist: good home; small wages.
728 Halght aye., Alameda. !
WANTED — A neat colored girl to do some
mending. Address box 900, Call office.
EXPERIENCED hands for cloak and suit al-
teration? to work in store. DAVIS, SCHON-
WASSER & CO., 134 Post, 8:30 to 10:30 a. m.
OPERATORS on overshlrts and underwear.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 16 , Fremont St.
GIRL for general housework In Sausalito; good
home. Call at 2112 Steiner St., bet. 12 and 2.
WANTED— GirI to assist in housework. Call
Monday morning at 4.*.7 Guerrero st.
':, EXPERIENCED operators on custom shirts
and bar coats; steady work guaranteed. 3957
Twenty-fifth Ft., bet. Church and Sanchez.
EXPERIENCED operators on shirts; new ma-
chines. 410'_ Mission st., top floor.
GOOD home for middle-aged woman; will give
small wages. Call at 122! York st.
PROTESTANT voting girl or middle-aged wo-
man; light housework; no washing; wages $10.
Bo- 806, Call office.
GIRL 15 or 1' years old to do light housework.
Apply 1024 Minna st.
GERMAN or Swedish girl for housework and
cooking. 810 Grove st.
WANTED A girl for cooking and general
housework. Apply 1622 Fulton ft.
Al- SELECT millinery school: trade thorough-
ly taught In 6 weeks: satisfaction guaranteed;
terms easy. 506 Leavenworth St., formerly
410 Leavenworth.
WANTED— Experienced operators; best prices:
steady employment. EAGLESON & CO., 535
Market st.
WANTED— Experienced operators. Apply at
120 Fourth St.. Excelsior straw Works.
WANTED A young lady for the vaudeville
stage. Box 911. Call office.
WANTED CoIored girl for general housework.
Apply at 579 Harrison st.
WANTED— Ctmr-etent girl for general house-
work In German family of 3; references. Call
between 9 and 12 a. m.. 2197 Devisadero st.,
ti'iir Clay.
EXPERIENCED hand sewers and machine
operators for gloves. Carson Glove Co., 35
Mai ket st.
WANTED— Shoe vampers; steady work; good
wages. CAHN. NICKELSBURG & CO., 115-
-117 Hayes st.
EXPERIENCED skirt hands; no others. DA-
VIDSON St. MILLER. 731 Market St.
ONLY experienced hands on sllk waists;
power. S. F. MFG. CO.. 400 A Turk st.
EXPERIENCED operators on gents" custom
shirts. RQGERSONS', 535 Valencia St.
WANTED Housekeeper and nurse who under-
stands the care of young children; middle-
aged American preferred; moderate wages.
Address box 880, Call office.
WANTED— Good pants finishers; steady work.
Apply 545 Sanchez St., bet. Eighteenth and
Nineteenth.
BORROW money on your valuables; private en-
trance, ladles. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
WANTED— Young girl light housework; pri-
vate family: good house. 1945 Geary st.
HELP WANTED —
MURRAY & READY Phone Main - SS4S
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents .
.WANT 7 A. M. MONDAY
Blacksmith, country shop, good, steady job;
6 laborers, pick- and shovel work, near city;
10 tlemakers, Sonoma County. 10c each; 4 la-
borers for the mines; 20 farm, orchard and
vineyard hands, $20; 3 ranch choremen, $20
and found
6 milkers '• $25 and found
Butter maker and run separator, $25 and
found; gardener. $25 and found: woodchop-
pers. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
MEN AND WIVE .
Farmer and wife for stock ranch: milker and
wife, $35 and found; private family, man, $15
and found. MURRAY & READY. 634-636
Clay st. ','
HOTEL Department— Cooks, city and country,
$30, 135 and $40: ironers, $30 and found; wait-
ers, city and country, $25 and found; dish-
washers, etc. MURRAY & READY, . 631-636
Clay st. ' ■ ■ '-
VEGETABLE gardener, see boss at our office
9:30 a. m. to-day (Sunday). MURRAY &
READY. 634-636 Clay St. .
AGENTS— weekly and expenses guaranteed
good men to sell Arctic Refrigerating Ma-
chines for cooling refrigerators; guaranteed
75 per cent- cheaper than Ice; indestructible,
everlasting; every owner of a refrigerator
buys them, as the saving of Ice ln one month
more. than pays for machine; have over 5000
in use; 1000 testimonials from leading mer-
chants of the U. S. : greatest monopoly ever
offered agents; no competition; exclusive ter-
ritory assigned good salesmen; write to-day
and secure your territory before It ls taken.
Arctic Refrigerating Co., Cincinnati, . Ohio.
$10 DAILY Introducing new Gaslight Burners
for kerosene lamps; no chimney; outfit free.
Perfection Gaslight Burner Co., box 646, Cin-
cinnati, Ohio. * , . ,
HELP WANTED— Continued.
C. R. HANSEN & CO .....Phone Grant 185
OFFICE OPEN MONDAY. 7 A. M
Teamsters and laborers free fare
Laborers, ship Monday . Mountain road
Laborers. Valley road ...Ship Monday
A gang of laborers to build wagon roads and
work around a reservior, long job. fare one.
office fee $1
7 milkers, different counties, $25 and found..
8 farmers and choremen. $25, $2" and $15
Carriage painters, $2 50 a day, country; ranch
blacksmith; vegetable gardener, $20; metal
buffer, $2 a day
Teamsters, city work, $1 75 a day
Second cook, $60; night cook, $60; broiler.
$55; second cook, country hotel. $33; potwash-
er, hotel, north, $25
Neat bellboy with references, hotel. $15. and
others. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
FIRST-CLASS polisher laundry. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 101 Geary st.
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't prepare for any
civil service examination without seeing our
illustrated catalogue of information; sent
free. Columbian Correspondence College,
Washington, D. C.
WANTED— A printer to make hfmself useful
in a small office and who is familiar with
a pony cylinder press; give references and
wages expected. Box 923, Call office.
TAILORS wanted for seat room. 803 Montgom-
ery st., third floor, . room 6. \
WANTED— good men. Apply at 22 Post st.
from 7:30 to 8:20 p. m., liith inst.
BOY wanted that can speak German. JOHN
HUSCHLER. 235 Kearny st.
WANTED— Sailors for Hawaiian Islands, Ma-
nila. Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE, Ship-
ping Agent, 504-506 Davis st.
COOK for boarding house. 2209 Powell st.
BOYS wanted. Apply 312 Grove St., from 8 to
10 a. m., Monday.
EXPERIENCED blacksmith helper in wagon
shop. 621 Mission st.
BOY wanted to assist carrying papers; must
live near Hayes Valley; about 17 years of age.
Address 387 Hayes st.
WANTED — Engineers and firemen to send 25c
for a 24-page pamphlet containing a list of
Questions asked by an examining board of
engineers. Address GEO. A. ZELLER, book-
seller, IS S. Fourth St., St. Louis, Mo. Men-
tion the San Francisco Call.
BARBERS" Protective Union, the. only legal
organized union of the coast, has authorized
J. J. HEINZ, Its employment secretary, to
extend his services Into the country every-
where and to see that none but reliable help
Ib furnished. Office. 630 Market, downstairs.
PANTSMAKERS to take work out. 106 Bat-
tery st.
2 LADIES' tailors wanted for the country;
piece work -on jackets; must be thoroughly
competent; rapid men can make $20 a week;
9 hours; plenty of work. Apply to STEIN,
SIMON & CO., cor. Second and Market sts.
STEADY, sober man for day work; no expe-
rience required ; must loan $200 to proprietor;
good security. Call or address 1940 Market? 81.
BARBER'S Progressive Union; free employ-
in' t. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 1164.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, jewelry,
pianos, silver. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ay.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
SAILORS for Honolulu, coast, Australia and
coast at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
TO go this week— pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new. from 60c to $1 50; new shoes,
slight lv damaged, one-half price. 562 Mission
St., bet. First and Second sts.; open Sundays.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Union Free Employ-
ment Bureau, 1126 Market st. W. J. BRIDE-
SHAW, Secretary.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 35c
to 50c. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
FIRST-CLASS ladies' tailor. BOWHAY. 516
Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS advertising agent: lady of gen-
tleman. Room 4, 408 California st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy: able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 35
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such; must be of good
character and habits and able to speak, read
and write English, and be between 5 feet 5
Inches and 6 feet in height. For further in-
formation apply at the Recruiting Office, 40
Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 2.'.c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED— Men to learn the barber trade;
summer rates or percentage terms. 1542 Mkt.
HOBSON House, 417 Kearny— Rooms from 25c
to 50c; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
Barber College, 138*4 Eighth st.
SINGLE sunny furnished room. $2 50 a month.
Llndell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
MEN'S flne calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
solelng, 35c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
SINGLE rooms. 16c, 20c. 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $3 60 wk. Elcho House. 803'- Market st.
WANTED— To Collect wages due laborers and
clerks Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: 250 a night: $1 a week.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS sell the handy harness riveter ma-
chine to everybody; good money made; coun-
ties assigned; sample, ex. paid. $1 60; w-t. 4
lbs. Coast asrents.. Handy Machine Co., 58
Third St., San Francisco, Cal.
AGENTS wanted for new lines of staple goods
on this const for offices and families; sell
rapidly East; good pay; steady employment;
samples 955 Jefferson st.. Oakland.
LITTLE Giant Gas Burner: something new;
no mantel: no chimney; brilliant light; 108
candle power; retail. 7*o: sample. 60c. 2507
Folsom st.
SOLICITORS wanted— Active. intelligent men;
$2000 may be' earned as wages in 4 months.
Address 8., box 807. Call office.
AGENTS, ladies or gents, can make from $3
■ to $6 a day. Apply at Call office.
COUNTRY to sell Leather Lustre: best seller
out: sample postpaid. 25e. J. Brown, 332 Rush.
PARTNERS WANTED.
$600— PARTNER for hat store and manufactur-
ing. THE GERMAN-AMERICAN, 34 Kearny.
$150— LADY, partner; half interest in lodging-
house; good living. Box 916, ■ Call office.
PARTNER wanted In candy and ice cream
parlor: must be sober and steady. 131 Fifth.
SOLICITORS wanted— Active, intelligent men;
$2000 may be earned as wages ln 4 months.
Address R.. box 867. Call office.
. ROOMS WANTED.
HOUSEKEEPING rooms in exchange for laun-
dry work. Address box 872. Call.
. MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— in good condition; any
make; cheap for cash; Oliver preferred; state
price. Box 903. Call office.
FULL-BRED Eastern white male Angora cat
for mating. Address Persian, 651 Capp st.
WANTED— Second-hand projectoscope and
films; also second-handed stereopticon outfit.
Box 817. Call office.
SCRAP. Iron, brass and copper bought; coun-
try trade solicited. S. F. I. V.. 204 Mission.
DENTISTS^
DR. T. S. HIGGINS" Dental Parlors,
Emma Spreekels bldg., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; inferior
work done on the teeth is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold filling from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
. ket St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood b ig.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions, free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : tunday. 9 to 2
p. m. Q. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D- Manager.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates: light and thin: guaranteed 10 years:
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty: filling, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 flrst
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH without plates a specialty;, full set of
teeth, $5; crowns. $3; fillings. 60c; all work
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental
Parlors, 1206 Market st., cor. Golden Gate aye.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors; guaranteed
work: lowest prices; ten operators; open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; teeth without plates a
specialty: liberal credit given. PERRY DEN-
TAL PARLORS. 8 Mason St.. corner, Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. O.
. YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; painless extraction
guarntd. N. Y. Dentist. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny; set of teeth,
1 I*;' filling, gold, 60o; silver, 26c; crowns, $$.
. PERSONALS.
AM 57, unincumbered -widower of wealth, re-
finement and generosity; desire home-loving
wife. DEWEY, 1297 Lexington aye.. New
York. :_
LADY about 35 1 would like to meet a good
hotel man who would appreciate a good busi-
ness woman; city or country; no triflers; ob-
ject matrimony. Box 912, Call office.
SAUSALITO— A gentleman would like there for
the . summer room and board in a private
house; room must overlook the bay. Box 895,
Call office. _.
YOUNG lady wishes correspondence of a firm
not employing its own stenographer. Box
919, Call office .
BLUE-EYED girl baby for adoption. MRS.
DR. FUNKE. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
LEDERER'S Qulnonia, a perfect hair dressing:
makes It glossy; cleans the scalp; 35c bot.
. Foamo Shampoo, 5c pkg. G. Lederer, 123 Stktn.
LEDERER, the popular hairdresser, charges
but 2,' c Just received, a magnificent line of
hair ornaments and side combs; offers them
at very small prices. 123 Stockton st.
SAN Francisco Advertising and Circular Dis-
tributing Company., GILBERT, HEISS _-.
BUTLER, office 85 Ninth st., general con-
tractors and sub-contractors for distributing
of advertising matter.
HAIR— AND-SCALP
Diseases a specialty; falling and gray hair re-
stored to its original color;* hair grown on
bald heads or no pay. The Hirsuitine Co. w
hair specialists, room 41. 6 Eddy st. Book
for stamp. Ask your druggist for it.
IN divorce matters will give full information
free: strictly confidential. Box 831, Call.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer ln
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
RUBBER goods of every description; catalogue
free. EDWIN MERCER & CO.. Toledo. O.
SBARBORO & CO., grocer's, formerly of 531
Washington, have removed to 621 Montgy. St.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent. Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
AUGUSTA LEOLA, 2326 Mission St.. near 80th
—Greatest fortune teller In the world: gives
luck, love and magic charms; also teaches
fortune telling: fee, $1 and upward.
A FINE suit or overcoat to order. $10 75; we
have contracts with mills to take all their
remnants; samples sent all over the country.
L. LEMOS, 1117 Market st., bet. 7th and Sth.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms:
25c to $1 50 per night; $150 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from* the ferry.
•SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; no electricity
or strong medicines; treatment simple and
effective. 1128 Sutter st. MRS. CLAYTON.
OPERA bangs and switches, 50c up; this week
only; artistic opera dressing La Verlte Hair-
dressing Parlors. 30 Geary; phone red 3733.
WANTED— gold and silver for manufac-
turing. O. NOLTE. Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell st.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N.Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
CITY OF PARIS laundry removed from 119
Stockton st. to 331 Geary. MME. JAUSSAUD.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no in-
jection -guarntd. Dr. Gordin, sl4 Tine, Kearny
FOLDING beds $S 50; bedrm rets $8; bed loung-
es $4 50: open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 6th.
A— Ladles' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought.
sold: tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
BERWIN* & GASSNER, furriers, formerly on
Post St.. removed to store 110 Kearny st.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome St.
DRESSMAKERS.
SILK or cloth dresses made, $5 up; dresses made
over; perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN*.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant: treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings. $1. 232 Stockton st.
i MRS. SOPHIA SEIP, spirit seer. 1724 Market
st., near Polk; counsel, 50c; by letter, 50c;
I meetings every night, 10c.
| MRS. MENA FRANCES. Independent slate
writing medium. 118 Halght st.
! MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Frl., 2 p. m. ;
Mon., 8; 25cr sittings, $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. E. CURLEY.
AMERICA'S GREATEST CLAIRVOYANT
AND MEDIUM,
Has permanently located at 337 Geary st., be-
tween Powell and Mason.
CUSTOMERS' NAMES ART. NEVER USED
IN ANY OF HER ADVERTISEMENTS
AND THEIR CONFIDENCE IS RESPECT-
ED IN EVERY WAY. YOUR FUTURE
FORETOLD BY THE PRINCESS OF
PROPHETS.
This remarkable woman, whose career has
been one of success, is gifted by nature with a
power that approaches the miraculous. She is
; acknowledged by the press and public wherever*
she has en to be the marvel of the nineteenth
| century. Mme. Curley is a prophet of world-
wide repute; is recommended by every one of
her patrons. Her powers excite the wonder and
admiration of even the skeptical. Her advice
i is infallible, convincing and beyond dispute.
Through her remarkable development of second
; sight, and her thorough knowledge of the many
! sciences peculiar to the men of the Orient, she
■ is enabled to penetrate the woof and web of
• human life. She locates hidden or burled treas-
ures and gives advice on business, lawsuits,
speculation, love, courtship, matrimony; she
j unites the separated and causes .speedy and
happy marriage with the one of your choice,
j The troubled and unfortunate should seek her
I counsel. Thousands of families Ion;; separated
I have been reunited by her efforts, thousands of
hearts made glad through her truthful predic-
tions. Cures witchery, fits and drunkenness.
Hours, 9 a. m. to 8:30 p. m. Home all day Sun-
day. English and German spoken. Positively
no attention paid to letters unless accompanied
by $1. ■
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK, permanently located
In San Francisco at 1023% Market St.. bet.
Sixth and Seventh; while entranced gives aid
and advice which will overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions, make marriage with the one you love
no failure, remove influence, bad habits; will
give correct information on law suits, sick-
ness, death, divorces, absent friends, etc. N.
B.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by mail.
Send stamp for circular, with special terms,
to MRS. DR. F. CLARK, 1023% Market st.
MME.. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond sight: diagnoses disease; full life read-
Ing: ladies, 50c; gents, $1; sit. $150. 126 Turk.
RETURNED— Mrs. Welch, formerly of Hayes
St., clairvoyant, palmist, psychometrist; ladies
50c, gents $1., 1053 McAllister, cor. Webster.
CARD reading; removed from 77 Ninth st. to
1322 Mission, bet. Ninth and Tenth; ladies
10c, gentlemen 25c.
MISS ALICE FAURE, card reader and palmist.
405 Kearny St.; room 34; Frencn and German
spoken.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth St.. rooms 2-3.
ARRIVED— MISS BESSIE WALLACE, Clair-
voyant and palmist. 120 Ellis, parlors 3 and 4.
MRS. — EHRHORN. 3523 Nineteenth st., near
Valencia, clairvoyant and medium; ladies 25c.
MRS. HANSEN, best clairvoyant: fee, 25c.
349". Minna. St.. near Fifth.
YOUR fortune told by cards; 25c up; no sign.
527% post st.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader-
past, present and future; 25c. 153". sth. r. 21.
MME. MOREAU. the best fortune teller; 25c
up; tests free. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. HAYS returned; card reader and mag-
netist. 207 Powell St.. rooms 5 and 6.
RETURNED— V. GRANT, clairvoyant
and palmist. 120 Ellis st., parlors 6 and 7.
BLANCHE DE CHA Clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush St., rooms 9 and 10.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist.
216 Kearny st.. rooms 9 and 10.
MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission St.; clairvoyant
and palmist: truth or no pay; 25c.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future- hus-
band's picture. ?!*<•■• ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD. pupil Count StT~GerT
malne, 33SS Twenty-first St.. above Valencia*
tel White 1571; reading by mall. $1.
superfluous hair.
SUPERFLUOUS halr permanently removed by
• electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH. 2115 Bush
St.; 15 years' experience; references given.
STORAGE. ~~~
DON'T store in cellars. See O. M. JUDSON
& CO., 1123 Howard st.; advances made.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH nroD
722 Mission; -goods guaranteed; tel. (ilay 25. .
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co
Office. 401 Post st„ cor. Powell; tel. Main 3713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
ing, advance. eta 735 Market: tel. Black 311.
FURNITURE WANTED.
J. C. MUTHER, 632 Market st., pays^highest
cash price for furniture, groceries, etc.
_
• LODGIXG HOUSES FOR SALE.
14-ROOM house on Van Ness $350
16-ro< m house on Third st 275
30-room house on Post 2SOO
44-room house for city or country propty. 4000
64-room house; clears $300: payments — 3000
21-room house on Van Ness aye 1500
16-room house; clears $100 300
11-room house In Angels Camp 450
15-room house: central: $100 cash 300
30 rooms; rent $90: on Mission _» , 1300
54-room house; clears $3oC> 1600
17 rooms; on Sixth st 450
24-room house; new furniture 750
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE call
on H. C, DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. sth.
A-KREDO & CO *,**;' T 22 '** Geary st.
Money Advanced on All Houses.
54 rooms; best corner Fourth st $2400
38 rooms; Market st.: best in city..- 150.)
24 rooms; Geary st.: near Plaza 800
20 rooms: best block Eddy st.: a snap 900
10 rooms: O'Farrell st.; clears $50 300 .
A few special bargains. Call early. KREDO.
WINSTON & CO 102 -* Market st.
IS ms: cheap rent: one floor $';.0
2.' rooms; rent $75; north of Market; snap. SOO
23 rooms; brand new; give away SOT
32 rooms; will exchange: corner 1000
$900—25 ROOMS; always occupied: furniture
good order; compulsory sale; returning to
France. 331*. Rush st.
$800— SNAP; 40-room house; near Market; cen-
tral; must sell this week. Basile.B73'> Market.
NEAR Market st.: 24 rooms: good furniture;
rooms always full: price $90 Box 869, Call.
9-ROOM house, furniture in good order; will
sell reasonable. 276 Minna st.
TO buy a lodging-house, borrow the money of
UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United Stat postpaid, for $1 per year.
FURNITURE FO R SALE .
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $43 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
________ _____________
CARPET CLEA XI XG~
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works—
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson st. ; tel. South 225; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.: tel, Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
st.; cleaning, 3c per yard; teL Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye. : tel. East 126.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS^
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
ln good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5- per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
A FEW BARGAINS IN UPRIGHTS.
Cramer, good condition $72
Weber, fine order 152
3 Kingsbury's, used 7 months 185
Vose, mahogany case -..225
Sterling, used 13 months 270
All guaranteed 5 years; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16-20 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A MAGNIFICENT high grade upright piano.
new style mahogany case, will be sacrificed
by private owner for want of use. Room 12,
Flood building, Fourth and Market sts.
HORNUNG'S Pianos praised by all great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of the
day; please examine. 216 McAllister st.
RARE chance s4oo up; must sell for best offer.
1206 Devisadero st.
PIANOS accurately tuned and warranted; send
postal to COOKE. 1081 Howard st.
PIANOS at auction prices to realize advances
and storage. Wilson's Storage Rms.. 1710 Mkt.
A— I'PRIGHTS, $00 up; installments, $5 75 up:
rents *:' 50 up fallowed on purchase). 138 Ellis.
W. G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento st., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 16
McAllister at., next Hibernia Bank.
SOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZT, Sole Agent. 308 Post St.*
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mau 30S Post st.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old und new. 11.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 -Latham place.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
THE wrong glasses will ruin the strongest
eyes: any sensation of pain is warning; |
Mayerle's glasses relieve headache, painful
smarting, itching, discharging, burning, I
twitching, scratching, Inflamed eyes and
falling sight; Danger Signals and Mayerle's
Self-fitting System mailed free; write to-day.
GEO. MAYERLE. German Expert Optician,
charter member American Association of Op-
tiolnna lonti Market st.. San Francisco.
_________
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day; no instruments used: cure at office,
$0; home in confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; al! can save time and expense by con-
sulting ih« doctor, . free, before going else-
where. SiRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post St.. bet.
U. li and Larkin; hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. ni. • Sunday; 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find in
ber a true friend: a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and I
privacy of a home: consultation free and ab-
solutely confidential; satisfaction guaranteed, 1
without injury to health, or money refunded,
by MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy st., bet.
Hyde and Larkin; office hours, 10 to 12,. 2 to 4
and 7 to 8. Sundays by appointment only.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home.
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay: self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 122S Market st. ;
rills. $1; very strong. $2.
A NEW process for. female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; can be sent
safe and sure; no medicines or instruments
used; consultation free; traveling parlies !
helped instantly and safe treatment guaran-
tee,!; cure. $5; by the well-known specialists
and ladies' physician, for 37 years; see us.
DR. POPPER and DRS.. 318 Kearny st.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never fails to
cure: consult him first, save time and money
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free.- Call or write. 1023*4 Market st.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods;, strict antiseptic precautions;
ladies near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
Well known, reliable, safe and sure; cure in
24 hours guaranteed; any time*, maternity
home: best medical attendance: pills, $1; cure
$5. 1362 Market, bet. 7th-Sth; tel. Howard 424.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause: -lively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office. $.*; travelers helped in-
stantly: consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St.. between
Mason and Taylor; hours. 9 to 5, 7 to 8 p. m.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye. Private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attention: terms mod- )
crate; regular physician in attendance; con-
sultation free; infants adopted into good
homes; call before consulting others.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor: Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium. 764-766 Clay st., San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs; over 3000 varieties being used;
advice free; hours 9:30 to 11 a. m., J. to 3 and
7 to 9 p. m.
LADlES— Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best, safe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars;
"Relief for Ladies": letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co., Phlla.
ALL married ladies know "Seguro." the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay
st.; $150. Send 2c stamp, for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co., 531 X st., Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to- ladies with
female troubles; no ganger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
DR. and Mrs. Wise. HIS Market st.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back; $5 up.
'PRIVATE home in confinement; best refs.;
1540% Howard: Mrs. M. -Wiedemann, midwife. 1
MRS. DR. SCHWARTZ, home in confinement;
best of care. 852 Castro.- cor. 7th. Oakland.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year. :
BUSINESS CHAXCES.
$150— ROOMING house clearing $25 month and
good living. COWING & CO.. 995 Market st.
$600— BAKERY and restaurant; cause of sale,
old age. COWING & CO., 995 Market st.
$450— BUTCHER shop: daily receipts $50; cause
of sale, sickness. COWING & CO., 995 Market.
$300— BUTCHER shop; must be sold to-day.
COWING & CO., 995 Market st.
$SOO— GOOD-PAYING hotel; must sell to-day; a
bargain. COWING & CO.. 995 Market st.
A— slso; PARTNER wanted; established busi-
ness; $12 to $18 a week; trial given. WEST-
ERN INVESTMENT CO.. 9 Geary st.
$250— PARTNER wanted; light business; $18 to
s>2s a week; no experience required. WEST-
ERN INVESTMENT CO., 9 Geary St. x
$125— BRANCH bakery: a nice place; living
rooms; cheap rent. JONES & CO., 865 Market.
SIoO^RESTAURANT; good value for $300: must
be sold at once; owner leaving city. JONES
& CO., 865 Market st.
$425— BAKERY, ice cream parlor, confection-
ery; fine fixtures; fountain cost $125; clears
$100 mo.; trial given. Nat'l Agency, 7 Grant.
FOR sale or rent— An old-established brewery
In prosperous country* town; complete outfit
for business. McLAUGHLIN & CD, 777 Mkt.
HOME sold on the installment plan; all kinds
of business sold and exchanged. ELSTON &
THOMPSON. 239 Post st. ______
GROCERIES and groceries and bar, from $400
to $5500. THE GERMAN AMERICAN, 34
Kearny st.
A— buy or sell your business quick for
cash apply to MOON & CO.. 1 108*4 Market st.
FOR sale— Road house, known as the "Capi-
tol." on the Alum Rock road; the most popu-
lar pleasure drive out of San Jose, having an
acre of land, substantial buildings, all fur-
nished, and bar wen stocked, in fact, the most
complete slant of its kind in the State; kept
by the present owner for 12 years, who is
about to retire r this is not alone an ideal
home, but a place where the right man can
make big money. For Particulars apply to
Chas. Kimic. Alum Rock road, San Jose, Cal.
WANTED— A steady man capable of taking
charge of lumber camp, with some means,
who will take an interest in the same; a
chance of a lifetime; must be sober and in-
dustrious; also an engineer and sawyer for
same camp on like conditions; investigate this
opportunity for a fortune. For particulars
address Owner, box 910, Call office,
LARGE winery, well located, near one of the
principal cities in the State; cleared a profit
last year of $8000; large business established
and can be had on very reasonable terms or
first-class exchange. Address box 774, Call
office, Oakland. ,
WANTED— Gentleman with $600 to $1000 to start
a company and open Institution for. the most
new and successful treatment, especially of
chronic diseases; great offer; approved by
many cured long-standing cases. Address
box 924, Call office.
NEWSPAPER circulation routes and corres-
pondence 4 leading California dailies; also
Eastern dailies; exclusive agencies clearing
$150 per mo.; experience unnecessary; bargain
for cash. Box 810. Pasadena.
PARTNER: saloon central business lo-
cation; every opportunity to investigate; ref-
erences given and required; principals only;
excellent chance for good saloon man. P.
E.. box 914, Call office.
.A— ssooo; INVESTED in corporation now paying
22 per cent a year; money to be used to Im-
prove business; will give position as secre-
tary at a good salary to right party. Address
box 920, Call office.
COUNTY and State rights for sale for a valu-
able invention: can be handled by both men
and women at a great profit; nothing like
it in the trade. Call or address J. W. 8., 865
Mission st.
$1200; WORTH $2000— Saloon and chophouse and
cigar stand; buyer can clear it In 2 months;
full investigation before buying: owner has
to leave State; no agents wanted. Apply
Call office.
WANTED— SiIent partner, male or female,
with $800 cash, for quarter Interest in large
pig and chicken ranch nearby; monthly re-
turns for quarter interest $50 to $100. Box
892. CalL
PARTY lately from the Orient -wishes to re-
turn and start profitable business: desires
partner to invest $2500; profits sure and large.
Address ORIENTAL, box 904, Call office.
OLD established paint shop for sale cheap;
everything complete for first-class workman;
use of name if desired; death of owner cause
of sale. Address box 915. Call office.
WANTED Partner; $1500; new enterprise in
the State: 50*3 per cant profit; want a business
man to investigate this; see what I have got.
Box 897, Call.
IF you like to take interest in a good paying
business, money will double itself in short
time, call at 411". California st., room 9, for
particulars.
RESPECTABLE roadhouse near Haywards.
consisting of 1 house, outbuildings, 1 acre
land and stock of liquors. 1009 Mission. S. F.
BUTCHER shop for rent. 1303 Buchanan st.,
near Eddy; a snap for a live man; cheap rent;
between grocery and fruit store.
BAKERY, candy and notion store for sale;
3 living rooms; rent cheap; a bargain. Ad-
dress 227 Ninth st.
WANTED— store: state full particulars:
or will buy half interest; no agents. Box
I*o2. Call.
MANUFACTURING; large profits: no
competition. lIS Eddy, room 4, after 10 a. m.
STANISLAUS Co.— large chicken ranch:
$■•.."0. ANDREW PRICE. 206 Kearny, rm. 306.
PARTNER; indoor business: will pay $60
to $75 per month to each yearly. Box 857, Call.
SHOE shop, one of the best in city; good prices;
cheap rent; must sell. 332 Bush st.
$1300— SALOON central location; stock and fix-
tures in value. Apply Call office.
$600-OLD-ESTABLISHED market in Mission;
present owner there 10 years. Box 889, Call.
OLD-ESTABLISHED stand; 2 horses and large
wagon; must be sold. Inquire at 387 Hayes.
PARTNER wanted with $1000 to buy sawmill
and 525 acres of timber land; good, safe in-
vestment; no experience needed. Call or ad-
dress A. J. SMITH. 111". Minna st.
$850— MEAT market; no opposition; $100 a
■ month clear; 4 horses; 2 wagons; refrigerator;
$45 a day trade: a bargain: trial given.
WESTERN INVESTMENT CO., 9 Geary st.
BRANCH bakery and delicatessen store;
sales $15 to $25 a day: 3 nice living rooms;
a bargain. Box 444, Call office.
COFFEE saloon to let. 3210 California st.
FOR sale on account of sickness, florist and
nursery stock, greenhouse and heating ap-
paratus, doing business of $15 to $25 a day, or
will exchange for real estate across the bay.
Apply 500 Haight st.
— YOUNG man with good references and
business experience wanted as a partner in,
a good manufacturing business; established
1889. Box 847, Call office.
JOHN REDLEY— Leaving for Europe, desires
to sell his tailoring business, including stock
and good will. 340 Third St.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches. Jewels,
silver, pianos, guns, sealskins, silks, paint-
ings, at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
PARTNER wanted in livery stable; $100 a
mcnth guaranteed; 1 month trial given; price
reasonable. Box 860, Call office.
YOU can double your money in salmon can-
nery shares; only a few left. See CLARK &
CO., room 509, Examiner building.
PARTNER wanted; good reliable man with
little capital. Inquire 41 Third St., room 5.
$100— LIGHT manufacturing business: owner
sick; article sells at sight. Call 41 Third, r. 5.
RESTAURANT fixtures cheap at 1215 Ken-
tucky st Apply 234 O'Farrell st.
SALOON for sale in good location. Inquire at
636 Third st.
$300— COFFEE and chop house; doing good
business. Apply at 625 Montgomery st.
BARGAIN— Shoe store; nice stock and fixture*,
Box 446. Ukiah, Oal. .
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL ._ CO."S. 415 Sacramento st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
LOST.
LOST— On water front, letter addressed Atlle
R. Pearson. Reward at Winchester Hotel.
LOST— Bunch of keys. Return to grocery cor.
Fell and Gough sts. : reward.
LOST— watch; initials K. S. Reward at
200 Turk st.
LOST— passbook with The Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of MOSES HERRMANN or BA.BETTE
HERRMANN, No. 200-88 S. The finder will
please return to bank.
DARK sorrel horse and light, black, stdal
springed top buggy. Return to 2133 1 war*
st. Reward No questions asked.
OLD gold, diamonds, silver and pianos bough*!
highest prices paid. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant a?*
■ ■ — .a
.* *____-_-?. vo™?yy*yy.:y.
FOUND-In Golden Gate Park, a bicycle. __
at Park Police Station, bet. 8 and 9 a. m
and 5 and 6 p. m.
','V : i D_ OUns ' black and white greyhound
bitch. Owner call at 31 Fourth st.
FOUND— A Gordon setter dog. Call at 8 Pros-
!'"''' aye. between 6 and 7 p. m.
~ PH YB l ( 1 A XS.
DR C. C. Ol^NNTEaJ^offices'widSrealdeao-;
1021*. Market St.. bet. 6th and 7U. • i9lueag *CITY ItKAI. KSTATB.
_ H. umbsen & co.,
REAL ESTATE agents.
-4 MONTGOMERY street.
business property.
" SANSOME-ST. CORNER.
$50,000— 1-st oo' brick buildings, covering en-
tire lot; corner ou Sansome bt., a short dis-
tance from Market; 50x90. with 2 L's; rents
$S6OO per annum. .
BUSINESS PROPERTY ON MISSION ST.
•;io,sw— A great bargain; substantial improve-
. ments; could be en!ar_ed to good advantage;
2axS6; not lar from Filth st.
HAYES-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$8501 — Lot 25x120; 2 frcntaKes; store and 6 flats
■would pay at least 10 per cent net on the invest-
ment; present rents $4So per annum; in the
heart 01 the business section of Hayes Valley;
improvements ot littie value.
BL'SINESS CORNER ON GOLDEN GATE
A YEN' E.
$3500— Store and living rooms; rent $32; S2;6x
FLATS AND INVESTMENTS.
ELEGANT MODERN FLATS.
ts --1320 per annum; 4 elegant
, 50x100; McAllister st.
MISSION WARM BELT,
i $660 per annum; 3 substantial,
ot 7, 7 and 6 rooms; 25x115; within
of 5 lines of street cars.
'ERN ADDITION BARGAIN,
runt modern flats In good condl-
md 6 rooms and bath each; rents
im; 25x90; Webster st.; nice loca-
A SPLENDID INVESTMENT,
n st.; 3 fine modern flats; rents
urn; will trade for equity above
$41AjO.
,IENT ON WASHINGTON ST.
i »660 per annum; several flats and
.well st. ; always rented.
TES-ST. INVESTMENT.
> $312 per annum; 3 flats and lot;
lI bai-jraln.
residences.
AN ELEGANT residence at A bargain.
Ie Heights; elite location; modern
Washington St.; 26x127 :8U-
FILLMORE-ST. RESIDENCE,
al bargain; a fine modern 2-story
■ it residence of 7 rooms and bath;
.
[•HER NICE RESIDENCE.
uit modern 2-story and cement
7 rooms and bath, etc., etc.; will
r Alameda property: 30x110.
PARK. RESIDENCE,
veuwr-.d.) cheap; Stanyan st. . new modern
residence of 6 rooms and bath, storeroom, etc.,
25x139; within 2 minutes' walk of ears; tine view.
NEAR HYDE AND CALIFORNIA ST. CAR
LINES. -
$2600— 2-story house of s rooms and bath, etc.;
25x137:6.
CHEAP MISSION WARM BELT HOME.
$2050-Ntoe modern 2-story and high base-
ment residence of 6 rooms and bath; 2oXll4;
north line of street; handy to several lines of
cars; nice garden; this is a real burgain.
COTTAGES.
COTTAGE ON EASY IMS.
$1500-Nice bay-window cottage of 4 rooms,
close to Castro and Twenty-fourth sts.; very
"ISSION COTTAGE-VERY HEAP.
$1451^— Cozv cottage of 4 rooms and lot 26x100;
Mission warm belt; handy to several lines of
etreet cars; very easy terms can be arranged.
A GIVE AWAY.
j;4 t X._To close an estate; 2-story house of 6
rooms and bath and lot 23x120; half a block
trom Geary-st- cable road; very easy terms can
be arranged; call and see this at once.
LOTS.
VERY FINE BUSINESS CORNER.
jK^i«>_Corner on Devisadero St.; 62:6x110;
splendid location for stores and flats.
KINE BUSINESS CORNER LOT.
$3500— 35x105; U-\h streets accepted; good loca-
t: n; Western Addition.
17 CHOICE BUILDING LOTS— VERY CHEAP.
j 1..--.-, and upward; corner. $2000; Noe, Henry
and Fourteenth sts;, 1 block from Market; Noe
s*.. accepted by city, other streets macadamized;
25xir. and 2oxl05; corner 27:6x1"5; level, on
grade iiiii ready for building; offered at very
I « ; ricee, and, being so nicely located, are
selling rapidly; easy terms can I•■ arranged;
call at oltlce.
Call ar.d obtain one of our Real Estate Rec-
ords, which contains a list of properties for
sale in all parts of the city.
G. H. CMBSSN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
RENTS $3-*-. PRICE $3000.
6 flats south of Market st. ; lot 15x100; prop-
erty all rented; these flats must be sold; will
shade this cheap price.
NEAR PARK PANHANDLE.
. 3 fine new modern flats rented or $S7 50; lot
2-xl*-; price $*»).
SEVENTH ST.. NEAR HOWARD.
Store and 3 rooms below, 8 rooms above;
rents $50; price $5000; will take less.
A CHEAP HOME
ln Western Addition; Bush st.. near Webster;
7 rooms and bath; lot 25x75; only $3300.
9 rooms and "bath. 2 patent closets; south of
Market St.; big lot, 37:6x75; reduced to $2950.
PRICE $6250. RENTS $60.
. 2 flne flats near the park; lot 25xlCS; a good
NEAR GOLF CLUB.
•On Seventh aye., bet. Lake and Presidio;, lots
run back to Mountain Lake Park; $750 and
VERY CHEAP.
Let on Fourteenth, near Market; 26x115.
A PAN RAFAEL Hi 'ME.
.Beautiful place ln San Rafael; residence of 15
rooms with lot 266x100; will be sold at a great
bargain.
SEND FOR OCR LIST
Of Panhandle and Alamo square lots, also Pa-
cific end Presidio Heights lots.
McAFEE RROS.. McAFEE BROS..
IPS Montgomery st., San Francisco.
HOUSES and cars built on easy terms near the
lovely ocean beach. Forty-eighth aye. and J
et., within 10 minutes' walk of the Cliff and
fronting the Boulevard.
JACOB HEYMAN ft SON, Owners and
Builders. 19 Montgomery si
8 NEW houses for sale on the Heyman Tract.
Twentv-thlrd st. and Hoffman aye., on $15
and $20 monthly installments. Do not delay,
but come and see us for explanation. You
can tret a home for your rent money instead
of enriching the landlord month after month.
Take Mlssion-st. cars, transfer to Twenty-
eecond st. Ride to the terminus of- the line,
which brings you to the tract. Our branch
office is near by, where our agent will talk
to you.
JACOB HEYMAN ft PON. Owners and
Builders. 19 Montgomery st. j
$10 MONTHLY will buy you a new 3-room
cottape near Holly Perk: near Mission elec-
tric cars.
lino— DOTS In Colma, on the electric road; easy
terms. JACOB HEYMAN, 19 Montgomery st.
$100— LOTS south of Oolden Gate Park In
block 82S. close to block 72G; $10 down and
$2 50 per month. JACOB HEYMAN ft BON,
. 19 Montgomery st.
JOHN PFORR, removed to 403 Pine St., oppo-
/ site the Nevada Rank.
$34/000— A splendid centrally located corner
business property, facing principal street;
only 1 block from Market and Sixth sts;
large lot; fine Improvements; paying nearly 12
per cent per annum.
$95.00'"*— Fine Market-st. property; east of
Third st. . .
$li\ooO only— Just think of it: for 3 2-story
bay-window houses; brick foundation; bitu-
men garden Iks; fine view; on Halght st„
[ near Webster; large lot; rent $75.
I «25 -'«'- Rent $186; fine business proposition
on Larkin St., south of Geary: large lot; sub-
stantial 2-story bay-window house. 2 stores
and S flats of 6. 5 and 4 rooms each.
$25,000— Rent $160; a prominent northwest
corner, 65x100 feet; improvement of 3 stores
and 3 flats above and 2 cottages, all rented;
$38,000 was offered for It and refused some 4
years aRO: there is a fortune in this propertj*.
}20_or,o_Mls--ion St., near Sixth; lot 46x80
feet, with 2 10-room houses, which should be
raised and stores put under to make lt one of
the best-paying properties.
j2«, 500— Rent $2710 per annum: a splendid
business corner in Western Addition.
$3750— Rent $30; business property; store and
flats: always rented.
$4230— Fine park panhandle' cottage; 8 ele-
gant rooms; lot 25x110 feet.
ITiFTH-BT. corner; business property; ' well
Tented: good Hiding; $18,000.
Second-st., . corner Silver— 7o feet frontage;
*"»oon.
Valencia Bt., near 22 1. running through to
San Jose ave.— 6s feet wide; any size; $135 per
* front foot.
San Jijee aye.. near 24th— C3x90 to alley; $4000.
• West End lots; >.0x237 each; cheap.
ASHTON ft GARDINER.
411 Montgomery st.
DO YOU KNOW.
.....A GOOD THING
WHEN YOU SEE IT?
Cheapest corner In Richmond.
ONLY $1050. ONLY $1060
SEVENTH AYE. AND C ST
COST OWNER $2200. A BARGAIN
Must be sold. ii. MURPHY, 530 Market st.
. BUILDING FOR SALE
Two-story frame building for sale, to be
removed; east side of Broderick, between
Clay and Sacramento sts.: please see and
make ofTer. Particulars of JULIEN SMITH.
Real Estate Agent, 420 Montgomery st.
. $3100— RENTS $31: 2 Broadway bay-window
' flats. Inquire 1123 Vailejo si ;
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market St.
; FOR sale— Corner house on Ellis st.; central;
reasonable; no agents. Box MB, Call office.
$1400— FINE large lot. 29x100. on Point Lobos
. aye., next corner First; make an offer. Ad-
" dress 11., box 114, Call office.
_^_^^CITY REAL ESTATE.
PARK LOTS. *~~~~
PARK LOTS,
PARK LOTS,
$25 CASH, $5 MONTHLY.
Come out to our branch office Sunday and
see the large number of people there buying
lots; most successful sale ln years; cheapest
lots offered ln years.
PRICE, $200 UPWARD. . ,_,„, _
TERMS, $25 CASH. $5 MONTHLY.
Lots on Eighth, Ninth, Tenth and Eleventh
ayes., near Golden Gate Park. Large amount
of street wcrk now being done and many new-
homes being erected. Take Halght or Ellis st.
cars, transfer to electric road running to the
Cliff House, get off at II st. and Ninth aye.
Our branch office la on the corner— maps, price
lists, etc.. there. _.. .
BALDWIN ft HOWELL,
10 Montgomery St.
PARK FRONTAGES. m _^_ - . , ,
Stanyan St., between Beulah and Frederick;
accepted street bltumenlzed); cars pass.
GREAT BARGAINS
LOTS 25x106:3— 52500.
A SURE SPECULATION. __,„„_ „ ____
TERMS TO SUIT.
BALDWIN & HOWELL 10 Montgomery St.
$1780; POWELL aye.. close to Mission St.. 3
flats of 4, 4 and 3 rooms each; lot 25x100; this
Ib a very go.; investment,
$21 000 -Large corner, s<'x7s, Junction Market
and Valencia st?.; improvements. 3-story build-
ing
Modern cottage; $200 cash, balance
monthly; Eureka st., near Nineteenth; up-to-
date house; contains 5 rooms, porcelain bath,
etc.
$11.000— Jackson St., In Presidio Heights dis-
trict; lot 27:iix127; sunny side of street; Im-
provements 2-etory and attic residence of 10
rooms, 2 baths and all- conveniences; marine
view.
$30en— Mission St.; lot 29x13i:6, with a 1-story
building containing 4 rooms, together with
stock of quods; must be -old at once; offer
wanted.
$35'A>— 2-story house of 8 rooms and bath and
basement; large lot, 25x115, with 2 frontages;
rents $27; Dorland st., near Guerrero.
$7500— $1000 cash, balance monthly; Ashbury
St., near Fell; modern residence, containing 9
rooms and bath; all the latest conveniences; lot
25x103. ' ". *'
$13.500— Rent "MI 50; Union St., east of Tay-
lor; large lot, with good Improvements; till
rented.
Corner on Church st., 31:6x101, with
store and 2 rooms in rear and flat above con-
taining 5 rooms and bath; rent $30.
$3250— Rent $27; Clara St., near Fourth; lot 25x
75. with Improvements consisting of 2 flats of
5 rooms each.
$90u0— Steuart et., near Market; 2-story build-
-1 Ing, containing store and flat above of 6 rooms;
r.-t $50.
$9006— Rent $87 50; brand-new flats, within
half a block of the Golden Gate Park Panhan-
dle; 3 flats containing 6 rooms and bath each;
modern plumbing and every convenience.
FLATS CLOSE TO UNION IRON WORKS.
$2100— Connecticut St., near Twentieth; 2 flats
of 4 rom os and bath each; always rented.
PAYS OVER 10 PER CENT:
?825fl — 3 handsome new flats, close to the park;
up to date in every respect; marble steps, etc.;
sun In every room; best bargain in the market.
CORNER INVESTMENT.
PAYS OVER 12 PER CENT.
$10,000— Pine-st. corner; 6 2-story houses; 6
rooms and bath each.
$3500— far from the corner of Stanyan and
Frederick sts. ; l^-story residence, containing
8 rooms and bath; lot 25xS0; easy terms; house
cost $4000 to build.
$7500— Rent $66; splendid new 2-story and
basement buildings on Hayes st., not far from
town, containing 2 handsome sunny flats of 7
rooms each; lot 25x137:6.
$5250 — Washington St., near Powell; 2-story
trick building containing 10 rooms and base-
ment; large corner lot, 40x77:6; building covers
only portion of lot.
$6150— $67 50; Larkin St., near Broadway;
8 flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath each; lot 24x
' 100; large mortgage can remain; must be sold.
$8500— Rent $72; Mason Bt., near 'lay; 3-
story house, 10 rooms and bath; also double
cottage of 6 rooms each; lot 4ux6o.
$6500— Rent $65; facing the park panhandle:
2 handsome flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath
each; large lot. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
FINE LOT ON SIXTEENTH ST.
$500 only; near Ashbury st. : lot ready for
building; magnificent panoramic view of the
i city and bay; close to electric cars.
BALDWIN A HOWELL,
' 10 Montgomery st.
I O. F. YON RHEIN & CO.. ~~~~
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
$oxl6o to rear street— Mission St., near Fourth;
brick Improvements; rents $146 50; $26,000.
Montgomery aye., through to Washington st. ;
brick Improvements; rents $190.
35x120 to rear street— Ellis Ft., near Jones; 11-
-room »house: rent $65. ,
27:6x87:6— California St.. near Larkin; 2 flats;
rents $66 50; always rented.
47:6x137:6— Bn derick st., north of Golden Gate
aye. : residence, stable, grounds, etc.
20x80 — Mission st., near Third; store and
dwelling; $15,000.
":6— Corner Dupont and Hinckley; store
; and lodging house; rents $85; $9000.
50x75 — Clementina St., near Fifth: 2 houses;
rents $71; $S3OO.
27:6x120 — With improvements; on Linden aye.;
Hayes St., near Laguna; $6500.
25xi0— Fourth St., near Harrison: store and
; flat; $6800; sale urgent.
20x57:6— Lewis place, nr. Taylor and Post sts.;
; 3 bay-win flats; rents $59; $6000; make offer.
23x60— Commercial St.. near Front; brick
building: $5000.
61x117—6 modern flats; rents $110; sunny and
fashionable; Mission belt.
28x75 — Corner Eighteenth and Collingwood
sts.; store and flats; $7000.
49 :6x98 — Corner Second and North Park lane;
12-room house; $7000.
25x85— Nineteenth St.. near Valencia; 2-story
i house of 3 rooms and bath; $5(100.
24:3x69:9— Green St., near Powell: new mod-
ern bay-window flats: rents J.'.*-; $4500.
25x87:6— Twenty- fourth St., near Guerrero: B-
room house: $4000.
-Green, near Hyde: modern double flats.
20x76:6— Vailejo St., near Powell: $4000.
25x122:6— Shotwell St., near Twenty-fourth; 2
flats; $3*oo.
20x38:9— Brannan place, north of Green St.: 2-
story house and rear house; rents $24; $1600.
25x73— Shlplev St.. near Sixth; 6 flats; rents
"' $3100. -
25x114:6— Twenty-second st., near Guerrero; 2-
story house; $2900.
25x80— Federal St.. near First; front and rear
house; rents $26; $2250.
24 :6V»x90 — Twenty-sixth st., near Harrison;
cottage; $2100. _lv«~U
UNIMPROVED.
50 vara— Hayes and Lyon sts.
65x117:6— Church and Twenty-third sts.
25x100— Florida St., north of Eighteenth; ad-
joining Union Brewery; offer wanted.
80x71-10— SE. corner Polk and Lombard sts.
24x81:3— Corner Fillmore and Germania: $2750.
26x115— St.. near Washington.
-Thirteenth St., near Stevenson; 2 lots.
25xi0O— Valencia, bet. 13th and 14th; 4 lots.
25x95— Thirteenth, bet. Valencia and Jessie.
">sxllo— Noe st., near Ford; $1500.
60xlS8-Corner B st. and Twenty-fifth aye.
Twenty-eighth, near Dolores; $1000.
2T,x90— Twenty-fourth St.. near Douglass; $850.
Silver Terrace Homestead lots cheap.
A M. SPECK ft CO.. 667 Market St.
List of real estate bargains.
« 4 n Grand Investment; new improve-
: ments; near Powell St.; renting for $400 a
; month.
$75 000— Grand Corner: 90x137 feet; with brick
; improvements; near ferry; rents $400.
m Grand Investment few blocks from
Tivoli; renting for $300; new Improvements.
$15.000— Good Investment; near Orpheum; lot
25x137:6; old improvements.
$20 000-Corner; 137x137 feet, with fair im-
i provements; on Post st,; mortgage $18,000*
must sell.
$15,000— elegant new flats; 977 Post St.;
only $5000 cash.- ;
$10,000— Eight flats (corner) few blocks from
: City Hall; rents $110.
$2800— Two brand new flats; rent $30; 1724
1 Bryant St., near Sixteenth.
Other bargains. Insurance cut one-third.
At A. M. SPECK & CO.'S. 667 Market.
RUSSELL & SURRYHNE.
; Real Estate Agents, Rent Collectors and In-
surance Brokers,
138 MONTGOMERY ST.
$5250— Bush st., near Pierce; 3 rooms and bath;
lot 26x100.
$4250— Broderick st., near McAllister; 6 rooms
an.l bath; lot 43:9x137:6.
-Octavia st. near Oak; 12 rooms and
bath: bargain.
$6500— Rents $53 per month; 2 flats: Page St.;
lot 25x100. „-"''""-'.■''•_
$5500— Liberty St., near \ alencla; 2 new flats
renting for $47 50 per month; lot 25x114; want
ffer.
$3500— Near Haight and Scott; 2 flats, 5 rooms
■ and bath each; rents $30 per month; lot 25x100.
$5000— Rents $56 per month; Grove st., near
Octavia; lot 25x120.
$12 75"— Rents $100 per month; Geary st., near
Hyde; 3 flats; lot 25x87:6.
$7250— $60 per month; business corner;
55x80; Post St.
$3250— Business corner; Golden Gate aye.; 32:8
xIOO.
DAVID STERN ft SONS,
Real Estate and House Brokers, 636 Market st.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
We offer the following properties at the ap-
praised value, but will receive BIDS at our
office until THURSDAY. APRIL 13. noon. All
bids subject to confirmation by Probate Court.
$3500— Rents $81: 3 new modern flats, 523. 527,
529 Baker St., between Fulton and Grove, of
6 7 and 7 rooms and bath each; cost a few
' years ago $13,500; Baker st. Is on the boule-
vard to the park; 25x125. '
$4.7*o— Rents $49: 2-story frame building. 1104
Stockton st., between Jackson and Paciflc,
i with a small expenditure this Income can be
greatly Increased; 34x80. ■
[ $10,000—613 Pacific St., bet. Kearny and Mont-
! gomery, new. 2-story brick building, which can
i be leased for $150 per month to a good tenant.
For further information and other properties
' apply at office. * .-■■":'••■...:-
I MISSION COTTAGES
Four. 5. 6 and 8 roem bouses on the sunny
: side of Twentieth St., between Castro and
. Noe; $2200 to $3100; small cash payment; bal-
ance monthly; over 40 houses sold In same
block by F. NELSON, builder.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APEIL 9, 1899.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE ft CO.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
$60,000— Right In line of improvement; lot 55
feet frontage within 2 blocks of Pow- j
ell and Market sts.; cheapest property !
in the section.
BIG PAYING INVESTMENT.
$30,000— Large corner, 87:6x137:6 feet, in best ;
part of Western Addition; improvement i
ln first-class condition; rents low at $225 i
per month; don't fall to see this.
MONTGOMERY ST. PROPERTY.
$20.000— Three-story brick and Iron building on
Montgomery st. ; large lot, 50x137 feet;
must be sold.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS CORNER RESIDENCE. I
Elegant modern residence built colonial
style; commands an unsurpassed view I
of bay and Mt. Tamalpais: interior of I
house finished' in hardwood; beautiful j
mantels, gas and electricity throughout 1
the house; large corner; lot 37:6x100 feet. I
CALIFORNIA ST.- FLATS.
$15, 000— Rents $1260 per annum; 3 elegant mod-
ern flats of 7. 6, 6 rooms, bath and base-
ment; convenient to several car lines.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
$10,000— Elegant house of 10 rooms, bath and j
basement, on Jackson St.; must be sold; |
lot 27:6x137:6 feet.
GROVE ST. FLATS.
$10,000— Rents $1224 per annum; 3 modern flats
of 6 rooms and bath on Grove st., and
4. flats on Birch aye.-; always rented;
lot 22:11x120; double frontage.
SACRAMENTO ST. PROPERTY.
$6000— Sacramento st.. near Kearny, l-
story brick building; store and upper
floor of 6 rooms: this property Is held
In trust and must be sold.
TWENTIETH ST. RESIDENCE.
$3500— Elegant house of 8 rooms and bath;
beautifully frescoed; ln choice neigh-
borhood; convenient to cars; lot 20x114
feet.
TAYLOR ST. FLATS.
$0000— $576 per annum; 2 modern flats
ln choice location; will trade for lots
in Western Addition.
TWENTY-THIRD ST. FLATS.
$4500— Two flats of 5 rooms and bath; always
rented; rents $34; near Guerrero St.;
street bituminized; cement sidewalk; lot
25x114 feet.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
$4500— Nice residence of 7 rooms and bath; also
rear house; choice neighborhood; con-
venient to cars; street bituminized.
TWENTY-FIRST ST. COTTAGE.
$2500— Reduced to make Immediate sale; nice
cottage of 6 rooms and bath and base-
ment; in choice neighborhood; land
alone worth the money; don't fail to
see this; make offer.
NATOMA ST. INVESTMENT.
$2200— Rents $20; near First st.; 2 flats in good
condition; lot 20x65 feet.
I A flne residence and large lot on good busi-
ness street In Los Angeles; also some
fine lots at a bargain; will exchange for
San Francisco property. .
Call and get our list of cheap building lots
and small Investments. We hold our
regular auction sales every' two weeks.
For further particulars apply to
EASTON. ELDRIDGE ft CO..
638 Market st.
t SOL GETZ ft BROTHER.
ROOM "A," CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
$100— $300— Choice lots near Ocean Beach; very
easy installments.
$100— $123— Bargains'. Level lots in Ocean i
j View, near electric cars; $10 down; $5 monthly. j
$400 to $1000— Beautiful Sunset Heights lots; :
superb view; fine climate; $25 down; $10 j
j monthly.
$230 to Choicest Richmond lots; all bar-
gains; easy payments.
$100 to $300— near Mlsslon-st. electric
cars; ready to build on.
Branch office on Ninth aye., near H st. ;
open Sundays.
SOL GETZ ft BROTHER,
ROOM ""A."' CROCKER BUILDING.
NINETEENTH— Fine lots on the Roulevard;
no sand; low price; easy terms; $10 per month; :
i no Interest; no taxes: buy one of these lots
now; It will make money for you.
$1650— Must be sold; fine cottage on Twenty- I
! sixth St., near Noe; cost $2500.
$675 — Very low; lots on Thirteenth aye., be-
tween I and J sts.; 50x100; are offered so low
I (only $337 each), as money Is needed at once. I
| McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.
' NICE new (-room cottage on Tiffany aye., near ]
j 29th and Guerrero stß. ; wooden mantel, tiled !
| sink; sanitary* plumbing: everything first-
i class: very easy terms; open to-day.
IH. MURPHY, 630. Market st makes loans on
second mortgages and estates; see him.
| C. C. BEMIS, Real Estate and General Land
I Agent, 324 Montgomery' st.
Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-sev- !
enth and Douglass sts.; must be sold; 80x114
feet.
$2800— North line Carl St., near Stanyan; 50x
. 137:6 feet.
Residence and lot— North line Pacific aye.,
■ near Webster; lot 30x127 feet.
In Berkeley Corner lot; 87x150, with modern
I house of 9 rooms.
■ NEW MODERN CORNER FLATS-
BIG BARGAINS.
PRICE $4800.
RENTS $540 PER YEAR.
Flats contain 5 and 8 rooms each, with every
known modern convenience contained In a
new building: street bituminized: terms to
suit purchaser. Apply to F. NELSON, cor.
Twentieth and Castro sts.
A RARE CHANCE
IN CITY SUBURBS.
Splendid large lot. 44:6x103:6: owner leaves
town; reduced from $550 to $350. 21 Powtll,
rooms 1 and 2.
5-ROOM cottage, j- good condition, to be re-
moved or taken down by May 1. For par-
ticulars address box *76, Call office.
I $100 CASH, $25 a month— s rooms, bath, base-
mAt; lot 25x114: concrete walks; half block
from cars; 824 Elizabeth st., near Douglass.
.1. ANDERSON, 118 A Eleventh St., owner and
builder.
— ~ ** — ■ ■ a !____g
COUNTRY ItKAL, ESTATE.
$4 AN acre; paying stock ranch, 3000 acres, on
Eel River, 20 miles from Ukiah; all fenced;
fine pasture, grain and fruit land; well wat-
I ered and wooded; excellent Improvements; 2-
story bouse, 8 rooms; barn, corrals, etc.;
orchard, garden and 100 acres In grain; In-
cludes all Implements; 1000 sheep and some
stock; sold at less than value to close an es-
tate; easy terms. Address R., box 114, Call.
$300— HOMESTEAD claim, 160 acres, ln the
hills 6 miles west of Ukiah, with cabin,
springs and 80 acres ■ valuable oak and pine
timber; near school: fine place for orchard,
vineyard, stock, etc. Address R, box 114,
Call office.
11 ACRES in Santa Cruz, with splendid Im-
provements; cost $20,000, ask now $12,000; will
| exchange for city property or grain and hay
! ranch same value. PHILBRICK, 809 Shot-
j well st.
GREAT bargain; 320 acres; 11 miles from
Healdsburg: good house, barn and orchard;
over 100 acres In valuable redwood and oak
I timber. Address R., box 114, Call office.
, $1600— HALF price; 500 acres hill land, on main
road and near station, 5 miles from Ukiah:
excellent soil for orchard, vineyard and
I stock: flne springs and enough oak wood to
i pay for the land. Address R.. box 114, Call.
' MILL Valley— For sale cheap; beautiful cot-
tape, 5 rooms and bath, stable, fruit trees,
* oak trees, flowers ; on corner of Lovell aye.
and Oak st. Inquire 2715 Bryant st., between
Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth.
MARIN CO.. 26 miles from S. F.— s4o to $S0 per
, acre: choice lands ln tracts of all sizes; Im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay, grain,
fruit and vegetable lands: easy terms; rail
I and water transit: good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO., rm. 27, Sth floor. Mills bldg., S.F.
: 10-ACRE tracts of flne fruit land near New-
| castle, . Nevada and Placer counties; finest
Rnrtlett pear belt ln California: over 2000
bearing fruit trees near by; no Interest: no
taxes: $15 to $25 per ac9re. JACOB HEYMAN
„- SON, 11 Montgomery St.
WE have prune and peach orchards; Santa
Clara County; $125 per acre; Income proper-
-1 ties. NAT. REAL ESTATE AG., 7 Grant ay.
j 130 ACRES near Sonoma; 40 acres in grain ;
■ plenty water piped to house and barn; 6 dif-
ferent varieties of fruit; fare Sunday, $1
round trip. Box 917, Call office.
! FOR SALE — Chicken ranch and suburban
house, 4 acres, cheap. T. Ahrams, Petaluma.
j $4800— BARGAIN; 160 acres rich farm land; well
Improved; all fenced; plenty good water; 5
miles northwest from Livermore. For parti-
. culars address RASMUS BJORN, Livermore,
Alameda County, CaL
NEW rich land near city: small and large
tracts; 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of Immense crops
raised In dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COTATI CO., $02 California St.. 6. F.
$5 TO $30 an acre; list free; crops sure. M.
GRIFFIN, Cottonwood, Shasta County, Cal.
• CITY REAL ESTATE.
MADISON & BURKE, Real Estate Agents.
Established 1858. 626 Market st.
Stockton 6t.. first block from Market; fine
piece of business property at a bargain.
Must be sold— Two flne flats on Hayes St.,
near Buchanan: lot 27:6x120 to rear street; rents
very' low, $55; only $7250; make offer.
$15,000— Larkin st., near Turk; improvements
good and well rented; 25x87:6.
$4500— st., near Devisadero; 7 rooms and
bath; lot 23x137:6.
Gough EL, near Fulton; 11 rooms and
bath; laundry and large cellar; lot 31x82:6.
$2600 only for a nice 2-story house ln perfect
order; Hampshire St., near Eighteenth; lot 25x
100.
$5000— Three flats: Twenty-flrst St.. near Va-
lencia; rents $39 per month; iot 23x90. -;'". yv-:
$5000— O'Farrell et. near Devisadero; 3 houses;
rents $42 per month; lot 45x80. .-.,;•.* .-•*.•
$2900— Twenty-fifth St., near Sanchez; 8 rooms
and bath; 24:3x114.
Cottage and lot; Twenty-flrst St.. near
Castro; 5 rooms and stable; 25x114.
$1500— Near Sixteenth and Church ets.; cottage
of 4 rooms and lot 26x70.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
$20,000— Paciflc aye., southwest corner Octavia
St.; 50x127:8.
Corner on Halght and Octavia sts.: 1 block
off Market: 37:6x100; offered low; one-half pur-
chase can remain at 6 per cent. - "*'~ '
$5200— Oak st., opposite the Park, near Clay-
ton; 50x137:6.
Church St.. near Sixteenth; 50x125; only $2000
per tot.
California, near Broderick; 24:9x82:6.
Bryant, near Twenty-fifth; 52x100.
$2750— Clay St., near Spruce; 27:6x127:8.
$2000— Twenty-first St.. near Sanchez; 60x114.
$1600— Filbert St., corner Buchanan: 25x90.
$1750— Union st., near Webster; 25x100.
Seventh aye.. near J St.; 23x120.
Twenty-first st., between Diamond and
Eureka: 25x97:6.
$Soo— Jersey st., near Noe; 25x114.
Twentieth St., corner Douglass; 30x110.
California st., near Second aye.; 25x100; $800.
Tremont aye., near Frederick St.; 25x75.
MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market st
MONEY' TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back ln Installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity: see us
first; you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg. 1170 Market.
TO LEND. SUMS FROM $500 TO $50,000, at
from 6 per cent on mortgage of real estate,
for a term of years, or redeemable by Install-
ments.
Money loaned on PATENTS, INVENTIONS
FINANCED and capital procured to DEVELOP
AND PERFECT SAME. ..■■■- R. GOULD,
131 Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6"4 per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market st. ; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bids., 130 Powell st.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need j
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market.
A— WHEN tired of other pawnbrokers try THE !
CUT-RATE LOAN OFFICE, 22 Mason st.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission: private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
FINANCIAL.
MONEY to loan— estate, 2d mortg., chat-
tels, etc Harper & Krelger.3l2 Examiner big
MONEY YVANTED.
$1000 WANTED on mortgage; 200-acre ranch in
Mendocino County; 8 per cent interest In ad-
vance; good security. Address R., box 114.
Call office.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
5-ROOM house; lot 50x130.
$1900— Modern house of 5 rooms; lot 40x130.
$7500— Lot; San Antonio aye.; 140x150; highly
Improved.
$10.000— Central aye.; 75x150; elegant house, 10
rooms. - • : .
We offer a special bargain in lot 50x150, flrst-
ciass location, $1250. or will build house to suit.
Furnished and unfurnished houses to rent.
E. D. JUDD CO.. .
1424 Park St., Alameda.
" '. JUST A FEW LEFT BUT
ROOM FOR MANY MORE.
4, 5, 6, 7-room cottages, near schools and
stations; from $1000 to $3500; easy installments;
Just like paying rent; make an offer.
Houses built on easy terms; no reason for
not having a home.
MARCUSE & REMMEL.
Bay-st. station. Alameda, and 630 Market
St.. San Francisco. Open Sundays and holi-
days.
NEW modern 7-room house, with or without
furniture; occupied only a few months; $500,
$100 down, balance monthly; owner going
East: best bargain ln Alameda. Owner, box
901. Call office.
IF you want to build, buy or sell property call
on J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park st. . y- -.
A'.AMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladles In delicate health; large
grounds: private. MRS FUNKE. 1416 Sth St.
BERKELEY' REAL ESTATE.
$2200— BEST bargain In Berkeley; nearly new
2-story house, 7 rooms, bath, large closets
and electric lights; on double lot; 40 feet front
on 2 wide streets; make an offer; part cash.
Address R.,' box 114, Call office.
SACRIFICED because of ill-health; lovely
home right at Ashby station; lot 60x122; s-
room ' and bath modern cottage; windmill;
nice lawn, etc.; only $1850: $350 cash, balance
first mortgage. Address Home. Lorin, Cal .
MILK ranch and business for sale; includes 1
acre of land, 3 houses, barn, 15 cows, whole
milking outfit, horse, wagon and harness; 85
milk customers; nets $90 month; situated in
Berkeley. D. 3. TOBIN, real estate and In-
surance agent, 2121 Stanford place, Berkeley.
"~ BERKELEY HOUSES.
LARGE sunny 4-room cottage; verandah back
and front; rent $12 50. Apply MRS. WILL-
MOTT, Adeline st., 2 doors from Russell Ash-
by station, or 415 Commercial st. city.
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
HOUSE of 4 rooms and high basement;
brick foundation; hothouse; stable; flne gar-
den; corner lot; 3 blocks from local train.
$1100— A bargain; $150 caeh and $15 per month;
house of 6 rooms and bath; barn; fruit trees;
lot 100x105; all fenced; only 8 blocks from Frult-
vale Station.
$1300— New cottage of 4 rooms; hard finished;
2 closets and pantry; 7-foot basement; large
chicken-house; corner lot 100x125; fenced and
cross fenced.
$1350— Fine 2-story house of 6 rooms and bath;
mantel; large barn and chicken-house; lot EOx
120; reduced from $2000.
$2500—3 acres of choice fruit; house of 7 rooms;
barn; chicken-house; 2 wells; windmill and
tank; fronting electric car line; only 1 mile
from Frultvale Station.
12 acres for sale at a great sacriflce, with
house of 8 rooms and bath; large barn; flne ar-
tesian well: windmill and tank; X acres In
choice fruit: only 1 block from electric car line;
owner is obliged to sell: see this at once.
11. A. PLEITNER, Frultvale Station, Cal.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
FOR EXCHANGE^F^ ot~~Alameda!
Berkeley, Oakland houses and lots to ex-
change for city property. City lots to ex-
change for a business property.
780 acres, 30 acres, 20 acres, SO acres, ln
Santa Clara County; 259 acres. 52 acres, 67
acres, 156 acres, Sonoma and Solano, for sale
* and exchange; come and see mv list of ex-
changes. EITEL & CO., 1016 Market st.
FOR SALE CHEAP OR PART EXCHANGE.
7-room modern home; Alameda $3000
S-room Mission property; rented.......... 3600
Business office; value In stock 500
. 80-acre ranch, near county seat 1500
Apply to OWNER. 126 Davis st, room 131.
44-ROOM rooming house; vacant lots $4000
Sl-room lodging honse; house and 10t.... '1500
56-room lodging house; city property 4500
20 acres in Placer County; anything.... 600
4 flats in the city for large lot 6000
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st. and 15 Eddy.
HIGHLY improved 9-room dwelling In
best resident part of Ukiah City; large lot;
good barn; beautiful lawn; flowers, shade and
ornamental trees; to exchange for improved
ranch ln San Joaquin or Sacramento Val-
leys. Address Vf. M. PEERY, Ukiah. Cal.
$3000— A BARGAIN; Ohio farm; improved; well
rented: SO acres. 108 Fourth st, Oakland.
820- ACRE farm in Nebraska. $3200: clear; rent-
ed for 1899: for any good California property.
J. H. EDSON. 1209 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
WILLIAM J.Tf DINGEE,
901 BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
$4000— Frultvale aye.; corner, 141x239: cov-
ered with fruit trees; house of 10 rooms and
bath; sacrificed on account of mortgage; owner
will take smaller place for equity.
WM. J. DINGEE, 901 Broadway, Oakland. ~
$6 per front foot— A . lot. 75x140, near Nine-
teenth avenue; south front; offered for one-
third cost to present owner; easily worth $1000.
Call at office or write for particulars.
WM. J. DINGEE, 901 Broadway, Oakland.
$800— Fine corner on Redwood road and i Al-
lendale aye.; 120x130; fine place for suburban
store; on main thoroughfare; building up fast.
WM. J. DINGEE, 901 Broadway, Oakland.
$1500— Northeast corner of West and Twenty-
second streets; 50x100; reduced from $2000 for
quick sale. - ■ -
WM. J. DINGEE. 901 Broadway, Oakland.
$750—65 feet front on East Fourteenth St.,
near Thirteenth aye.; corner; fine location fur
grocery or other business; a rare bargain.
WM. J. DINGEE. 901 Broadway, Oakland.
$250 to $500— Elegant building sites on the line
of the Piedmont electric railway; adjoining
beautiful Linda Vista Terrace; flne views;
cheapest property in Oakland to-day; just the
place for a home. Write for particulars.
WM. J. DINGEE, 9"1 Broadway, Oakland.
$225— Think of it! A lot on a macadamized
street in Oakland; street sewered; cement
walks laid; sunny front; 25x133; must be sold.
WM. J. DINGEE, 901 Broadway, Oakland.
$10,000 business corner on main street in
center of Oakland to exchange for first-class
fruit ranch not too far from San Francisco;
lot 75x75 feet; 4 buildings; now being painted
and thoroughly repaired: estimated rents $90
per month; all clear of Incumbrance; prop-
erty has flne future; send description ot coun-
try property to exchange, with lowest valu-
ation; must be flrst-ciass or will not be con-
sidered.
WM. J. DINGEE, 901 Broadway, Oakland.
COTTAGE and good lot; well located; for
Bale at a bargain; near local train; easy
terms. ALDEN CO., 902 Broadway.
4-ACRE chicken ranch at Frultvale; a bargain.
ALDEN CO., 902 Broadway.
SO ACRES at Frultvale; $200 per acre; reduced
from $1000. ALDEN CO.. 902 Broadway.
MONEY to loan on furniture and pianos at 1
per cent monthly. ALDEN CO., 902 Broad-
way.
CHARMING home in Linda Vista Terrace. I)
room cottage; 80x150 feet; corner; beautiful
grounds.
$3750— business corner In the heart of
Oakland; large lot; 75 feet front; will throw in
9-room house; good location.
ALSO
$2600— Lot 50x138 feet; all in choice fruit and
shrubbery; 6-room cottage; chicken house; who-
ever buys the place we will throw In 50-foot lot
adjoining this; wonderful bargain; if any one
Ib looking for a good home don't miss a good
chance like this.
Electric line passes both properties.
E. E. BUNCE, 908 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
WRITE TO
E. E. BUNCE. 908 Broadway, Oakland.
If you want a farm or home ln a beautiful
land.
Fruit, dairy, agriculture or stock farm, large
or small; perfect titles; specialties of large
tracts for colonies, lumbermen or cattle
ranch In California and Mexico. For sale or
exchange, 1000 ranches, city residence and busi-
ness property, business chances, orange groves,
vineyards; houses rented; taxes paid; corre-
spondence solicited.
E. E. BUNCE, 90S Broadway, Oakland.
— COLONIAL cottage, new. of 5 rooms,
with lot 52xiy feet: right on Telegraph aye.;
very desirable place in every way.
$4500— Fine home of 9 rooms; close to Broad-
way, In the choicest locality: lot 23 1-3xloo
feet; a chance to get a big bargain. HUGH
M. CAMERON, 1068 Broadway, Oakland.
BEAUTIFUL ELMHURST— suburbs,
near S. P. or electric station, 40 minutes from
S. F., 15 minute* from Oakland: home lots In
sizes 'to suit; 50x125 feet, with a new modern
cottage, for $650; planted In shade and fruit
trees (a beautiful summer home) ; $."0 down,
balance to suit purchaser. Further particu-
lars, address JACOB HEYMAN & SON, 19
Montgomery St., S. F.. or 902 Broadway,
Oakland.
i FOR RENT IN OAKLAND.
Four acres of fine ground and large two-story
house of eight rooms; large stable; choicest
part of Ciaremont; rent reasonable to right
parties; over one acre in line fruit trees;
berries, pasture, etc. ; just the place for fam-
ily wanting a summer home In the city.
JAS. S. NAISMITH, 404 Ninth St.
FOR EXCHANGE FOR RANCH.
Fine large property near business center of
Oakland to exchange for ranch within 50
miles of Oakland. Address box 1410, Call of-
fice, Oakland.
$50. $75. LOTS in Frultvale. Oakland; only
$5 cash, balance $5 monthly. H. B. PINNEY,
owner, 905 Broadway.
$3500— MODERN 8-room house ln Fruitvale; nice
neighborhood; convenient to cars. 1307 East
Fourteenth st.
A— MONTHLY rental for a nice chicken
ranch; 4 large chicken houses, fine broodery.
4 nests. 12 compartments; 6-foot high wire
fencing; very complete for Immediate busi-
ness; will sell, If desired, at a bargain; a
few lots left unsold, $75 upward ; $5 cash, $5
monthly; wlll make special terms if desired;
Allendale settlement, East Oakland; 53 fam-
ilies within 2 years have located and own
their homes: streets all graded, some are
macadamized: near a flne 3-story school house
and 3 electric car lines, and also a 90-foot
wide boulevard: site, climate and soil the
very best; no fogs nor cold winds here. -Call
or send for circular, 455 Seventh St., near
Broadway, Oakland; carriage free. H. Z.
JONES, owner.
NEW 5-room cottage, high basement, all mod-
ern improvements and 4 vacant lots with
bearing fruit trees, grounds and walks; $200
down, balance same as rent. Field Realty
Co., 1145 E. 14th St., nr. 23d aye., E. Oakland.
FOR sale or exchange for San Francisco prop-
erty, house 5 rooms, bath; near trains. Own-
er. 962 Third at., Oakland.
$700— 6-ROOM cottage; barn; easy terms. 1765
Union St., Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
HOUSEKEEPING.
FURNISHED rooms for housekeeping, or rooms
and board; beautiful garden; fresh milk 1734
Delaware st., Berkeley.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED — 4 to 10 acres Improved land suitable
for a chicken ranch; not over 50 miles from
San Francisco. Box 891, Call office.
HOUSES TO LET.
CEDAR aye., 117, north of Geary St., near Van
Ness aye.— House, 7 rooms and bath.
ELLIS 1458— Sunny 6 rooms and bath; rent, $21.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
GEARY, 1018, between Polk and Van Ness—
House of 9 rooms and bath.
HOUSE of 32 rooms; good for lodging house; In-
quire 1153 Howard St., nr. Sth; two entrances.
JESSIE, 81SH. off Ninth— 4 rooms, attic;
reasonable to right party.
LOMBARD, 1010-=-Old-fashloned house, 6 rooms;
chicken and pigeon house: 50-vara lot: better
than Mill Valley to those that require pure
air and Bunshlne; rent $13. .
NEW house; nicely furnished: piano; marine
view; low rent. 2415 Green st.
OUR rent department goes to your home: get
• printed list of Houses from BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery' at.
SUNNY house, 6 rooms: bath; newly, painted,
papered. 220 Ash aye., between Van Ness aye.
and Franklin. Apply 623 Golden Gate aye.
TO let— House, 5 rooms and bath: on Geary st.,
rear, bet. Hyde and I^arktn; $20. Apply to
LANDRY & BABIN, 413 Kearny st.
t FRONT rooms, 2 closets; rents $5. 282Vs
Natoma St., near Fourth.
7 ROOMS, $25; 10 rooms, $36; baths, laundries,
fardens, In thorough repair; ln Mission warm
elt. DEMPSTER, 26 Glen Park aye., off
Twelfth st. _^
12-ROOM house In Western Addition, furnished
or unfurnished, reasonable; furnished flats
and houses for rent In Alameda. Oakland and
Berkeley. EITEL & CO., 1016 Market st.
12-ROOM newly furnished choice residence In
Oakland during summer months. Owner, box
166. Call office.
ELEGANT new 2-story' house, 6 rooms and
bath. S. W. cor. Leavenworth and Chestnut.
$30—1915 Golden Gate aye.; 8 rooms and bath;
modern. - -.
~~ FURNISHED FLATS. ]
ELEGANTLY furnished flat of 7 rooms: also
$360 piano In use only three months; for sale
- cheap. Call forenoons from 8 to 12 m. at 775
O'Farrell st.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
FURNISHED house to let— Eight large sunny
rooms; modern Improvements; large yard.
Apply on premises, 683 Guerrero st.
HANDSOMELY furnished residence, 10 rooms,
piano; beautiful grounds; Mission warm belt;
cheap to responsible people. Apply to RUS-
SELL & SURRYHNE, 138 Montgomery st.
LARGE furnished house ln San Mateo for rent.
Apply, 1109 Van Ness aye.
NICELY furnished house, 7 rooms, all full;
rent reasonable. 323 Taylor st.
TO let— Furnished house of 6 rooms and bath;
sunny corner. Apply GEO. W. H. PATTER-
SON & CO.. 1706 Market st.
FURNISHED sunny house; 2419 Webster
st., near Pacific aye.; 8 rooms, bath; to rent
8 months or longer.
HANDSOMELY . furnished modern sunny
house;' 2220 California st., near Webster; 9
rooms. 2 baths, piano; modern plumbing,
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARLINGTON, 333— A cottage of 3 rooms, chick-
en house, yard: San Mateo cars to Thirty-
fifth st,: rent $6,
A — 6-ROOM modern cottage; cicely furnished;
piano: convenient to Berkeley train also Oak-
land cars; adults only. Box 866, Call.
COTTAGE, 5 rooms and bath and celiar; all
modern. 147" Stevenson St., near 14th; rent $22.
COTTAGE, 3 rooms; 16 Byington aye. Apply
1621 O'Farrell st.
DEARBORN, 30. off Seventeenth, near Valen-
cia—Cottage, J large rooms and bath, fur-
nished complete for housekeeping; piano; $15.
IN the Mission— Cottage of 5 large rooms, bath;
large yard; stable; rent $14. Inquire 1800
Florida St., corner Twenty-fifth.
FLATS TO
A— FINE flat, 6 rooms and bath; sunny; rent
reasonable. 220 Waller st.
A— 2 ELEGANT new Hats. 7 and 8 rooms, Just
completed; rent reasonable. 977 Post st.
COLE. 761— Modern sunny flat of 6 rooms and
bath; cheap.
FLAT, 3 rooms, large sunny yard. 61 Pleasant,
bet. Taylor and Jones, near Clay. '
FLAT 6 rooms and bath; modern improve-
ments; rent $22. 1307 Eddy st.
FULTON, '-42— Sunny 6 rooms and bath; rent,
$25. ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgom-
ery st.
GEARY, 2257— 6-room flat; complete for house-
keeping; piano, etc.; reasonable; call from
12 to G.
GROVE, 42, nr. Lsrkln and City Hall—
upper flat; 6 rooms and bath; $22 50.
GROVE, 1609— Nicely furnished 3-room flat;
piano.
HARRIET. 253, near Sixth and Folsom— 3 sunny
rooms; upstairs; $8. ■
HOWARD, 828, near Fourth— Sunny 5 rooms
and bath; rent, $21. ASHTON & GARDINER.
LOVELY sunny upper flat of 7 rooms; bath.
411 Lyon st., near Park; very cheap.
LOVELY new upper flat; porcelain bath, etc.;
$14. IS4 Precita aye., near Mission st,
_____ v
LADIES' private entrance, polite attention, at
UNCLE HARRIS", 15 Grant aye.
McALLISTER. 1721— Modern 7 rooms and bath;
many cl sets; rent $25. ASHTON & GARD-
INER, 411 Montgomery st.
NICELY furnished flat; modern; 6 rooms and
bath. 3011 California st., near Baker; $35.
NICE sunny flat, C rooms and bath; see It; very
low to good tenant. 1227 Fell st.
NICE flat, 5 roomii, bath and cellar; rent $22 50;
water free. 1425 Octavia st.
OAK, 507— Handsome sunny modern upper 7
rooms; key lot; fine view.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of flats from BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery St.
PAINTER and paper hanger and good house
carpenter with family can get flat and take
most of rent in work. Box 555. Call.
PLEASANT modern flat, 6 rooms, bath; rea-
sonable rent. 735 A Ellis st.
TWO sunny flats; bath: 4 rooms each; 1 fur-
nished; $17 and $14; couples, no children. Sll
Leavenworth st.
TWENTY-THIRD, 4073, near Castro— Upper
Bunny 5 rooms; $15.
597 Noe St., corner Nineteenth; upper 5
rooms: $17. ■
VERY desirable 5-room sunny flat; practically
new: bath, basement, etc.: every modern
convenience: corner of Castro and Liberty
sts., near Twentieth.
4 ROOMS, bath, laundry, $12, $14 and $15; 5
large rooms, bath, laundry. $22 50; thorough
repair; charming location; Mission warm belt.
DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Park aye., off 12th st.
5 ROOMS, bath and cellar. 1425 Octavia St.
$7 50—3 sunny upper rooms: 4 closets; yard; cel-
lar. 1008 Natoma at., near Eleventh, rear.
"'• SUNNY corner, 3 rooms. 537 Bryant; St.;
key at 400 Third st.
$10— COTTAGE, 4 sunny rooms ; I*_ blocks from
Market et. 132 Rose aye., bet. Gough and
Octavia Bts.
707 Stockton: 6 r $2611609 Turk; 6 r "... 17
2-14 Frederick; 5 r.. 25 1 1896 Page; 3 r 15
' 1640 Post; 6 r 2.1 507 Hickory aye.; 6 r
542 Fell; 6 r 19 15
1328 Hayes: 1- r IS 522 Fell; 3 r 13
720 Montgomery* aye;' 12 Erkson; 5 r — 11
6 r $15! 525 Linden aye., 6 r 15
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRODERICK, 1924, cor. Sacramento— house-
keeping rooms, unfurnished or partly fur-
nished.
CLAY, 1723, bet. Polk and Van Ness— 3 rooms,
with bath, for housekeeping.
CLEMENTINA, 707, cor. of Eighth— l sunny
housekeeping room with laundry and bath; $7.-
DOLORES, 382- $5: 2 sunny housekeeping
rooms; fine cookstove; for 2 people.
DOLORES, 1100— Large sunny unfurnished
rooms, en suite or single, from $2 50 per
month up.
EDDY. Large front housekeeping room;
also single room; private family; reasonable.
EDDY 743—3 or 4 nicely furnished or unfur-
nished rooms -with all conveniences; cheap.
EIGHTH, 217— Large sunny rooms for house-
keeping; sun all day; private family; $10 mo.
FELL. 26— front sunny unfurnished rooms;
running water; reasonable; also small rm, $5.
FIFTH, 322 — Large sunny front bedroom an.l
kitchen: grate, sink, water, bath; private; sll.
FIFTH, 353— Clean sunny furnished housekeep-
ing; 2 rooms. $12; also single, $5 up.
FOURTH, 225— Front suite, suitable for light
housekeeping; also single.
GEARY, 610— Two nice rooms suitable for
housekeeping; gas stove.
GEARY, 1505—3 or 4 large sunny rooms, con-
necting; gas range, bath and closet; rent $16.
GOLDEN GATE aye., .1410— Finely furnished
alcove and kitchen; 3 closets; running water;
bath adjoining; cheap. .
GRANT aye.. 16— The most respectable place
to borrow money on your valuables.
GROVE, 354, 8 blocks from City Hall— nice
connecting rooms furnished for housekeep-
ing; 2 double beds; gas and bath; private
house; $16,
HOWARD, 525— 1 or 2 rooms complete for house-
keeping, $6 and $8; and others.
HOWARD, 1068— Sunny front bay-window
room, hot and cold water; complete; $1 60 wk.
HOWARD, V—Vi,— Large front room suitable
for light housekeeping; rent reasonable. i
JACKSON, 1501 A— sunny bay-window rooms;
corner rooms) for housekeeping; gas & range.
LARKIN. 1006, near Sutter— 3 rooms on second
floor; nicely furnished; bath; no objection to
light housekeeping. * '
LEAVENWORTH, 515—2 rooms completely fur-
nished for housekeeping; sunny.
LEXINGTON aye.. 210— Sunny alcove room
with kitchen; complete hkpg; bath; $12 mo.
LEXINGTON aye.. 257— Large sunny front fur-
nished room; also housekeeping; $6 to. $10.
MARKET, 1028— Large sunny front room and
kitchen; folding bed, closet; $12.
MARKET, 1597— Tw0 unfurnished rooms; one
furnished room and kitchen.
MINNA, 539— Furnished housekeeping rooms
and large kitchens; yard: single rooms.
MISSION, 1251V2— 3 sunny and convenient house-
keeping rooms: also single rooms; $5 up.
MISSION, 1729*. near Thirteenth— 2 sunny "ur-
nished connecting housekeeping rooms; bath
and laundry; $8.
MISSION, 2133— Suites 2 or J newly nicely fur-
nished rooms complete for housekeeping; $11
and $14; bath. ■
NINTH, 20, near Market— Front ■ bay-window
suite; gas, stove, water; $10; single. --.-.■:'
OCTAVIA. 1213. near Ellis— 2 newly furnished
rooms; sunny; bath, gas; complete; reference.
OCTAVIA, 1403, cor. Geary— Bay-window par-
lor; mantel: water; kitchen: gas stove; $12.
O'FARRELL, 1023— Furnished alcove suite with
room adjoining; housekeeping if desired.
PARLOR suite. 2 rooms .and kitchen, gas
range; front room for $6. 102 V Van Ness aye.
PERRY, 166—2 nicely furnished rooms " for
housekeeping. * . ;•'■ '/.■ !-■ ;-■£;>
; PINE, 1931—2 or 3 unfurnished sunny rooms,
j with bath and stationary wash tubs. .
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS— Continued,
POLK. 605— Large furnished sunny front bay-
window alcove; 2 closets; small kitchen; $16.
POLK, 610— A nice room or 2 for light house-
keeping; private family.
POLK, 717— Nice sunny front rooms suitable for
light housekeeping; cheap.
POWELL, 417—2 rooms furnished complete for
housekeeping.
PROSPECT pi., 123, oft California, bet. Powell
and Stockton— Room and kitchen; Just reno-
vated; $9 to $10; private; German.
SEVENTH, 191— Sunny bay-window; also other
rooms for housekeeping from $6 up.
SHOTWELL, 121, near Sixteenth— -' sunny fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; cheap.
SIXTH, 420-Frbnt housekeeping suite. $10; par-
lor suite, $12; suitable fur 2 gentlemen.
SOUTH PARK, 90—2 or 3 well furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; rent cheap.
STEVENSON, 237— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping; other rooms.
STEVENSON, 403. corner of Fifth— Large suit-
of rooms, complete for housekeeping; cheap.
TEHAMA. 475. near Sixth— sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms, $12..
TENTH, 136, cor. Minna— front room
furnished for housekeeping; also single.
TURK, 309—2 large furnished rooms complete
for housekeeping. yy
TWENTY-SIXTH 3369. near Mission— or 3
large sunny furnished housekeeping rooma,
$8 and $10; running water.
VALENCIA, 834%, near Twentieth— Sunny front
room and kitchen; housekeeping; bath and,
use of yard; $13. '
VAN NESS aye., Newly and elegantly fur-
nished parlor floor, 4 rooms: gas range.
' 1 ! ______—— I
ROOMS TO LET.
AT SIOA Geary st., near Hyde— Front BUlte,
suitable for visitors from the East; prettily
furnished, Including piano: dressing room;
hot water; gas; private bath; electric bells;
telephone; servants; board optional; $33 mo.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
in every respect: terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms, 50c to $150 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT 52 Second, between Market and Mission-
Single and double rooms, $1 to $3 per week.
A— THE WALDORF, 24 Fifth St.— New; sunny
corner; central location; elegant rooms.
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
single; facing plaza; day or month.
BARTLETT, 631— Sunny front room; use of.
piano; also suite of rooms. __________
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Sunny corner suites and
single rooms; all conveniences; families and
gentlemen; tourists; elevator.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 1124— Best rooms In city; grounds; bath;
suit-. $18; single rooms, $10,
CEDAR aye., 121, bet. Polk, Van Ness. Post
and Geary— l, 2, 3 lovely rooms: cheapest ln
city; newly furnished or unfurnished.
CLARA. 118 A— sunny front room; private;
$4. Call forenoon or evening.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 473— Neat bright sunny room; price $3
per month. _
ELLIS, 312, near Taylor— Small sunny hall bed-
room for gentleman.
ELLIS, Rosedale House— Rooms rented by
day, week or month at cut rate prices; cheap-
er and better than any house ln the city.
ELLIS, 418— Grand Carnot— Nice front
rooms: suite and single; $1 50 to $6 week.
ELLIS. 635— Large nicely furnished sunny
room, suitable for 1 or 2 gents, ~S per month.
ELLIS, 639, corner Larkin— Sunny furnished
bay-window; mantel; gas.
FIFTH, 153' — Sunny suit of rooms suitable for
dressmaking or office; other rooms; quiet
house. __________________
j FOLSOM, S4S— Sunny furnished front room;
I rent reasonable.
GEARY, 606— Neatly furnished bay-window
front suite, also others, and bath.
GEARY, 736 (old number 710), near Leaven-
worth— single rooms, $4 and $5; with bath.
' GEARY, 1 ;— 1 single and 1 double room; $8
and $10; private family.
! GEARY, Single room, running water, $1 25
per week.
GOUGH, 220— small sunny rooms; rent $10;
i water free. __
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
I GROVE 104— Corner bay-window suite; Incan-
descent lights; dentist or doctor; other roomß.
! HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $150 to $6 per week.
HARRISON, 731— Nice sunny hall bedroom,
suitable for gentleman; rent $4. \
' HARRISON, 7841.. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
homelike; $1 week.
■ HOTEL Grosvenor, 319 Sutter— Opened under
new management Apr 1; elegant sunny suites,
single rooms; most central part city: elevator.
' HOWARD, 1052—2 nice front sunny rooms for
gentlemen, $5 a month.
I JONES 415— Neatly furnished" front suite: sta-
tionary wash stand; also single; rent $8 ■ up.
JONES, 608— Large nicely furnished room suit-
able for 2; private. __
LARKIN, 1200, opp. Lurline Baths— fur-
nish rooms, $4 and $5.
LOANS made on trunks, pianos, paintings.
statuary, brlc-a-brac, furniture, valises, guns.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
LOS ANGELES House, 514 A Pine— Furnished
rooms, single, double; housekpg; tranelent.
MARKET, 1130— Nicely furnished rooms and
offices; terms low; also housekpg; transient.
MARTHA place, 6, off Geary, bet. Mason and
Taylor— Large sunny room for 1 or 2, $$.
MASON, 12A— Sunny suite or more rooms, with
kitchen, suitable for doctor or dentist,
MASON, 1111— Sunny furnished room;\ gas;
reasonable^ .
McALLISTER, 403—3 unfurnished rooms; bath.
gas and yard; rent $10. .
McALLISTER, 726. above Gough— Large fur-
nished room, with gas; $8 per month.
MINNA, 434— Large sunny furnished front room,
suitable for 2, $7; other rooms.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
! bay-window' room, $1 per week; transient.
MINNA, 725, bet. Bth & 9th— 2 nice unfurn.
rms.; bay-window; front garden; big yard.
MISSION, Suite of two rooms first floor-
also front room suitable for two gentlemen.
MISSION, 839, between Fourth and Fifth—
Furnished rooms. $1 a week up.
NINTH, 113— Nice sunny furnished rooms, $1 23
per week. _ >
O'FARRELL Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights: day, week or month.
PARNASSUS aye., 215. near Park— Room fur-
nished or unfurnished. - <
POST, 515— Sunny suite and single rooms; rea-
sonable. ' , _______ .
ROYAL House, 128 Ellis St.— lncandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor; room per night. 35c to $160;
week $2 to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wat.; baths.
SACRAMENTO, 1514. near Larkin— Elegant
furnished front suite or single; sunny; appre-
ciated if seen; also 3 unfurnished In basement.
SEVENTH, 192 (Glrard House)— Sunny rooms;
also 1 large unfurnished room: reasonable.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished
SIXTH, 2S— Nicely furnished - sunny rooms;
prices reasonable; transient.
SIXTH, Sunny room, suitable for 1 or 2
men or couple; housekeeping. '
TAYLOR, 715— Elegantly furnished front sunny
suite; all conveniences. '
THIRD, 25— Sunniest rooms ln San Francisco;
white lights: extra good beds; cheap.
VAN NESS, 004— Sunny front hall room; also
large room on parlor floor; gas and runninir
water: private family; reasonable.
VAN NESS aye., 1109— Sunny front alcove
suite. ■
t BOARDING AND ROOMS.
A PLEASANT HOME for tourists— 279 North
First st., San Jose, Cal.; centrally located,
near broad-gauge depot; service first claes.
CALIFORNIA. 1711. near Van Pleasant
sunny rooms; private family; references.
ELLIS, 618— Nice sunny rooms, with good
board, use of parlor and piano, $20 each.
ELLIS, 607— Newly furnished rooms with first-
class home cooking; with gas, bath and tel.
FIRST. 415— Swedish private boarding, wiu
room, $4 a week up: elegant parlor suits.
HOWARD. 2606— Large sunny front room and
alcove; grate, 2 large closets; water toilet
connected; with board for 2; reasonable.
Additional Classified Advertisements
on Page 14. -^
1314
BOARDING AND ROOMS— Continued.
HOTEL Sutherland, 791 Sutter— Elegantly fur-
nished; first-class in every respect; table un-
surpassed; elevator; suites, with board, $50 up.
NEWLY furnished sunny room, with privilege
of bath, telephone and breakfast lf desired;
for gentleman. 1532 Taylor st.
O'Farrell. 742— Pleasant rooms; excellent
board; $20 up; special rates to table boarders.
PLEASANT room, with board; in th; price $20;
lady preferred. 108". Hayes st.
POST. 609. near Mason— Pleasant sunny rooms,
with excellent board; meala at all hours. |
IF you're short borrow of the respectable house
of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
POWELL. 309 (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished
sunny front »*ulte; bath: excellent board.
RESTAURANTS.
CLEMENT, 3021— 512 per month; restaurant and
bar and 3 nice rooms nt Sutro car house; lady
would board for rent.
ARDI'S French dinner, 25c; 10 a. m. to 8
P. m. 43 Stockton (old No. 26), nr. O'Farrell.
FERINE B, 18 Mason st.— French dinner, 50c;
lunch, 2.V or a la carte; pri. rms. for ladles.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parlor. 1035 Market.: popular prices.
CHILDRE-*. HOARDED.
CHILDREN boarded on ranch; near school,
I stoffice and cars; not younger than ? years;
from responsible parties; good care. Address
MRS. F. W., Yountvllle, Napa County, Cal.
GOOD home and yard for children, $3. 834".
Valencia St., near Twentieth.
GOOD home for two children; near school. 81
Clara st.
GOOD home for children, $8; infants, $10 per
mo. 210 Lexington aye., near Nineteenth »t.
e_ — " !
STORES TO LET.
FOR rent— Large and beautiful store: prom-
inent! v located, facing the Navy-yard: with
or without fixtures; with kitchen, yard, sta-
ble and other accessories. Apply Philadelphia
House. 112 Georgia St., Vailejo, Cal.
STORE fixtures, show cases: suitable notion,
branch bakery; * living rooms, bath. 2S4S
Folsom st.
STORE for rent; suitable for tailor or shoe-
maker; nice location; partly furnished lf so
desired; rent $5 per month. 449 Guerrero st. j
NEW store and 2 living rooms; good location.
2509 Folsom St., bet. Twenty-flrst and Twen- j
ty-second.
LARGE corner store on Geary st. to rent or
lease for a term of years; low rent. Apply
644 Geary st. - V'-
CORNER grocery and bar; fixtures. 537 Bryant
st. ; key at 400 Third st.
STORE, 22x26 feet, suitable for storage or coal
and wood shed; rent $10. 72 Jessie et.
GROCERY and bar; good location; low rent;
living rooms. Apply 336 Third st.
f
OFFICES TO LET.
OFFTCETTight and sunny; Emma Spreekels
building. 927 Market St.; rent $12 50; light.
heat, janitor and telephone Included. ASH-
TON & GARDINER, room 210.
POWELL. 223— Elegantly appointed rooms for
offices and other purposes, at very" reason-
able rates: also furnished apartments.
*■- _
STABLES TO LET.
TO LET— Stable of IS stalls, with covered wa-
I- - room. 325 Twelfth st.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSINESS— business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free. .
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st. ,
AN experienced English teacher will take a I
few private pupils; particular attention given
. to nervous and backward pupils and to la-
dies Rnd gentlemen, whose education has
been neglected. Box 830, .Call. \
3_ERRILL-MlLLER college; shorthand, typing;
■individual Instruction,; new typewriters, book-
keeping: rapidity at figures by noted expert
Mr. Tarr; day. eve. Rms. 572-6 Parrott bldg. j
AYRES" Business --College, 723 Market St.; i
shorthand typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life j
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo. j
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers; j
Ell's system: sunny rooms; low rates; day.
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL- ■
LEGE, 1226 Market St.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey. assay, archl.; day & eve.; I
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
DANCING taught: ball room or stage*, private
or class. IRVINE, 421 Post st., near Powell.
MARGARET JACKSON, professor piano, har-
mony, voice culture. Studio 523 Turk st.
NEVER too late to get good teacher. Prof. L.
Merki, violin, mandolin, guitar. 1008 Mission.
FRENCH, Spanish, etc. Prof. De Fillppe's
Academy of Languages. 320 Post? ablest profs. i
~" ATTORNE. 9 A 1" LAW.
ADVICE free, R. W. King, attorney at law; '
6th floor. Chronicle building; no advance
' charges: estates, mortgages, damages, at-
tachments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, con- ,
tracts, etc., drayrn; mod. fees; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; prlvte;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
' HOWE, atty at law, 860 Market, cor. Stocktn..
L. S. 'LARK Emma Spreekels building. 927
Market; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. ;
PROPOSALS. ~
PROPOSALS for furnishing all the furniture,
fixtures, finishes, etc., for the Hall of Justice :
ana Morgue buildings.
Office of the Clerk of the Board of super- ■
visors of the City and County of San Fran- '
cisco. April 4. 1 99
In accordance with resolution No. 2587 I
• (Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors. |
sealed proposals will be received in open ses-
sion of the Board of Supervisors on MON-
DAY AFTERNOON. April 17. 1899, from 2:30
. to 8 o'clock, for furnishing all the furniture :
fixtures, finish-.-, etc., for the Hall of Justice !
' and Morgue buildings, ln strict accordance
. with the plans and specifications prepared by
■ Messrs. Shea & Shea, architects, and filed in i
the offlce.of the clerk of the Board of Super-
■ visors on April 3. 1899. copies of which can
i be . seen by Intending bidders at office of
Messrs Shea & Shea, architects, at No 2«
Montgomery street.
Bidders will bid on this work with the un-
derstanding that all the material mentioned '
' In the specifications shall be manufactured In
* the State of California, and that all labor
necessary In the manufacture of said mate-
rial and all labor necessary in the erection ''
' and completion of the work mentioned ln the
. specification* shall be performed by nartleii
.. residing In the State of California, !
And It is to be distinctly understood that
eight hours shall constitute a day's work for
' persons employed on the above work and ;
that the minimum rate of wages to be paid i
shall be two ($2) dollars per day. '
Bidders will also be required to submit with
their bids a certified check on some bank in I
' the city and county of San Francisco in a '
* sum equal to one-tenth (1-10) of the amount I
of their bid. and the party or parties to '
whom the contract or contracts may h» i
' awarded will be required to enter Into a bond '
la a sum equal to one-fourth (14) 0 r th " !
amount of their contract, signed by two or '
more good and sufficient sureties, to be ap- i
proved by the Board of Supervisors, for th» :
faithful performance of tne contract
Bidders will estimate and state a' price ti-
the following subdivisions of the material to !
be supplied and work performed, to wit- '
First— For all furniture, including all met.i ;
grill work In connection with same; m J
railings for prisoners docks; all courtroom
and other railings; hardware; metal shelving
and vault doors; ventilators, Bertlllon sys-
tem: photographic appliances and kitchen fur"
■ nlture. ■- ■
Second— gas and electric combination '
fixtures.
Third— For water filtering system.
Fourth— For tinting and decorating
Fifth— electrical apparatus, ' switri,
board and telephone system. "-•-
Bidders will bid with the distinct under
standing that separate contracts will _ '
awarded for each class to the lowest resnon
Bible bidder. respon-
For any further Information required a_ t n
receiving copies of plans and specification, •
bidders will apply to the architects, Me-«r.
Shea & Shea, Messrs. ,
The party or parties to whom each one nf
the contracts may be awarded will be 
quired, prior to or at the time of the exen„
tion of said contracts to pay one-fifth th. :
cost of advertising this and a former not£«
in three dally newspapers, and each suecei.
ful bidder to also pay the cost of the pubiu
cation in the official newspaper of the reao
lutlon awarding him his contract. ■<=»«- !
In order to preserve uniformity and to f_ I
cllltate the award the Board has resolved to
receive no bid unless made upon blank form«
prepared by the committee, and a certified
check on some bank ln the city and count*
of San Francisco In a sum equal to one-
tenth (1-10) of the bid deposited by the bid-
der with his bid and made payable to the '
clerk of the Board of Supervisors, conditioned
if the proposal be accepted and the contract
awarded, and If the bidder shall tall or
neglect to pay the printing charges, execute
the contract and give the required bond with- !
in six days after the award is made, then and
la that case the said sum shall be collected
and paid into the City and County Treasury
by said clerk as liquidated damages for such
•failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject all j
kids It the public good so requires.
JNO. A. RUSSELL* Clerk.
HORSES.
FOR sale cheap; flne saddle pony; suitable for
boy or girl. 318 Twenty-ninth st.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons,, buggies,
carts harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
_____S—g__- — — — s**5 **" ** ****** *** **""*""— ****" """^ m
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
BLACK horse and family carriage, complete
rig, for sale cheap. Address GRAY, 915 Call
building.
300 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys aiVi horses. 1140 Folsom st,
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-*and machinery. MC-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
2 BLACK cocker spaniels; also 2 setter and
pointer dogs; mother thoroughbred pointer,
father thoroughbred Irish setter; all 8 months
oid: will make flne hunting dogs; cold cheap.
j Apply Monday at 508 Post st.
CAMERAS, etc.; a complete line which were
used as drummer's samples at prices that will
astonish you; these goods are new. W. A.
HARTTER, photo supplies. 613 Examiner big.
EGGS for hatching; White Wyandottes that are
white, pure bred and first prize winners; pen
A. $2 per 16: pen B. $1 £0 per 13. O. P.
HAVES, 2COI Santa Clara aye., Alameda, Cal.
LARGE variety thoroughbred chicken eggs for
hatching; also fowls. Kraus, 1031 McAllister.
A 30.000-GALLON tank for sale; a great bar-
gain. JACOB HEYMAN & SON, 19 Mont-
gomery' st.
BARGAIN— H. P. Golden Gate gas engine,
almost new. See EPSTEIN, 648 Mission st.
FOR sale— l skiff 12 feet long, or will exchange
for Winchester rifle. Call 2029 Mission st.
NO. 10 Singer fancy machine: complete. 39
Julian aye., bet. Fourteenth and Fifteenth sts.
GOAT and kid cheap. 2176 Fifteenth St., near
Noe.
SMITH American organ; cost $100; sell for $40;
ln good order. 1007 Tennessee st., between
Twenty-first and Twenty-second.
i BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand.
J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St..
above Sixth.
CREAMERY machinery for sale; a bargain;
almost new; latest type separator, boiler, en-
gine, etc.; sold separately or together. Apply
box 447. Petaluma. Cal. v ■
ONE 15 H. P. gasoline engine In flne condition;
cheap. H. S. WHITE. 514-516-518 Mission st.
BOILERS, engines, second-band machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE. 139 Beale st.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
DOMESTIC sewing machine; good condition;
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission St., near loth.
PULLEYS covered by pat. leather prevent slip-
page; saves power. Cal. Belt Co., 619 Mission.
SAFES— AII sizes new and second hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento st.
GASOLINE engines— l horsepower, $100; 2, $125:
8, $150; 4. $17&. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission st.
POLYPHONE. $35: attachment (only). $1*; will
flt phono or graphophone. Bacigalupi, 933 Mkt.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
palrlng at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
MINES.
$500 TO $1500 wlll buy a half Interest in one of
the richest gold mining claims ln Tuolumne
County; value In sight; please Investigate.
Address M. A.. Russ House.
$700— QUARTZ claim; mother lode belt; flne
showing. 126 Davis, room 131.
MARBIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
William W. Stora and Beatrice M. Walsh.. 22-21
W. C. Donaldson and Lillian E. Hagarty..
Carl F. Anderson and Cecelia M. Lubbe — 27-22
Joseph M. Howarth and Hannah Riley 32-24
George E. Bennett and Susie F. Hall 28-22
John Kenny and Mary A. Bell 54-45
Bryan Mullins and Delia Murphy 2S-23
Jacob Fredrickson and Helen Stelnwlg — 51-33
Donald Russell and Josephine Nunan — 25-25
Vlneenzo Addieco and Maria G. Ruggiero.. 33-19
Sherman Palmer and May Esnard 34-24
J. C. Bojorques and Emma McNamara — 26-20
Christian D. Frey and Margaret T. Garvey.27-26
Herbert W. Gates and Pearl E. Page 22-17
John D. Silveira anil Mary F. Amaroa . 26-19
Albert Nusbaum and Caroline Lisher 29-27
Tito Arlaco and Domlnga Martinez 23-23
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of pers-
ons authorized to hove the same published.
BORN.
BEGUELIN— this city, April 3. IS??, to the
wife of Jules Beguelin, a daughter.
BERNDT-In this city. April 2. 1899, to the
wife of Dr. R. M. H. Berndt. a son.
BROWNING— this city, April 5. 1899, to the
wife of J. H. Browning, a daughter.
RP.nz— ln this city, April 7, 1599, to the wife
of Edward Bros, a daughter.
DELAHANTY— this city. March 24. 1899, to
the wife of John Delahanty. a daughter.
EDWARDS— In this city. April 6. 1899. to the
wife of Charles E. Edwards, a daughter.
LUNDEN— In this city, April 5. 1899, to the
wife of a. N. Lunden, a Bon.
MURPHY— this city. March 22, 1199, to the
wife of William H. Murphy, a daughter.
PAWSON— In Oakland. April 8, 1899, to the
wife of Arthur Pawson, a son.
ROBERTSON— In this city. March 28, 1899, to
the wife of Peter E. Robertson, a daughter.
6CHULTZE— In this city, April 2, 1599, to the
wife of William F. Schultze, a son.
SCHULTZE— In this city, March 5, 1899, to the
wife of W. F. Schultze, a son.
SMITH— In this city, April 2. 1899, to the wife
of Harry Smith, a daughter.
SULLIVAN— In this city, April r_ 1899, to the
wife of William D. Sullivan, a daughter.
YON ARK— In this city. March 19. 1899, to the
wife of Joe yon Arx Jr.. a son.
WICHEOWSKI— In this city. April .*-, 1899, to
the wife of Paul Wicheowski. a daughter.
MARRIED.
SMITH— LAUTZ— In this city. April 7. 1899, by
the Rev. John A. B. Wilson, D.D., George L.
S. Smith of Santa Cruz and Alberta Lautz of
San Francisco.
McCARTY— STANNAH— In this city, April 7,
1899, by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson. D.D.,
Eugene McCarty and Elizabeth Stannah.
both of San Francisco.
"IjiedT -
Balabrega, Frank W. Kelly, Mary
Bradley, Minnie B. Krabler. Franz A.
.Brown, Capt. R. S. Lustenberger, Alma
Burke, Catherine McNamara, Ann
Casoly, Clarice M. Millevich. Chris J.
Chevalier, Fortune Murray, James C.
Dickins, Emma <' O'Brien. Edward
Dougherty, George Riordan, Kate
Durroux, Joseph Robinson, Frances .
Emerson. Dr. 11. B. Robohm, Louis
Enright, Joseph Smith, Margaret
Fallon, Annie Smith, Mary A.
Fogarty, Mattie A. Soyer, Eliza F.
Grlffln. Thomas F. Troutt, Hiram J.
Hughes, Sarah J. Wells. Benjamin D.
Isaacs, Nellie Zeimer. Delia
Keller, Morice Zocchl, Rosa
BALABREGA— In this city, April 8, 1899, Frank
Vf. Balabrega, brother of Ingeborg and John
Olsen Ralabrega, late of the steamship State
of California, a native of Sweden, aged 44
years.
BRADLEY— In this city, April 7, 1899. Minnie
8., beloved wife of the late Francis D. Brad-
' ley, a native of Connecticut, aged 63 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 3:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 236 San Carlos avenue, between Nine-
teenth and Twentieth streets. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
BROWN— In Oakland, April 6, 1599. Captain R.
8. Brown of Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County, Cal., a native of Tynemouth, Eng-
land, aged 49 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), on arrival of the 8 o'clock creek
boat from Oakland at ferry depot, thence to
Odd Fellows' Cemetery, where the body will
be cremated.
BURKE— In this city. April 7. 1899, Catherine,
beloved wife of the late John Burke, and
mother of the late Mary C. Burke, a native
of County Longford, Ireland, aged 75 years.
• B^TFrlendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the ."uneral this day
(Sunday), at 8 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1235 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Brlgld's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. S Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
CASOLY— In this city, April 7, 1899, Clarice
Marieat. beloved daughter of Joseph and
' Fanny Casoly. and grandchild of Mr. and
Mrs. M. D. Murphy, a native of San Fran-,
. cisco, aged 1 year 8 months and 4 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 ■ o'clock, from the residence
—_^ — -—^—-— — — — -_—_-__-_-.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to . Flanagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth »t.. opposite Lincoln School,
' Telephone South ,_„.■';■•■-.■. yy-;, .... j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 9, 1899.
of the parents, 2428 Geary street, corner of
Lyon. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CHEVALIER-In this city. April 6 1599, For-
tune Chevalier, dearly beloved father of
George F. Chevalier, a native of Belle Isle,
France, aged 85 years.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday) at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his son. 1923 Pine street, thence to the
French Church of Notre Dame dcs Victoires,
Bush street, where sen-ices will be held,
commencing at 10 o'clock.
DICKINS— In this city, April 7. 1899, Emma
Grace, beloved wife of T. Sydney Dickins.
daughter of Mrs. John Fritsch. and sister of
-Mrs. F. H. Hastings and R. H. Dement.
(Milwaukee, Wis., papers please copy.)
|Cy*Tl-r. funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1437 Sacramento street, between Hyde
and Leavenworth. Interment private, in Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
DOUGHERTY —In this city, pril 8, 1899,
George, beloved husband of Celestla A.
Doughertv, and father of George, Alice. Eddy,
Charlie, Bertie, Mabel, Frankle and Warren
Dougherty, a native of Watertown. Wis.,
aged 49 years.
DURROUX— In this city, April 6, 1399. Joseph,
beloved husband of Leonie Durroux, and
father of George and Fernande Durroux, a
native of France, aged 63 years 6 months and
25 days. •■:•■.- j
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
Of J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue,
thence to I. O. O. F. Hall, corner of Seventh
, and Market streets, where services will be '
"held under the auspices of Franco-American j
Lodge No. 207. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
EMERSON— In Los Gatos, April 6. 1899, Dr. j
H. B. Emerson of Mountain View, aged 29 |
years 9 months and 5 days.
(TT-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of G. R. Emerson, Los Gatos.
ENRIGHT— An anniversary solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated at St. Joseph's
Church. Tenth street, to-morrow (Monday),
at 10 o'clock, for the repose of the soul of the
late Joseph Enright. dearly beloved husband
of Fanny O. Enright. Friends are respect-
fully Invited to attend.
FALLON— In this city, April 2, 1899, Annie
Fallon, beloved mother of James J. Fallon,
now at Manila, a native of County Ferma- !
nagh, Ireland, aged 67 years.
FOGARTY— In this city, April 7, 1899. Mattie :
A., beloved daughter of Thomas and Lizzie
Fogarty. a native of San Francisco,' aged
22 years.
in^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 3365 Twentieth street, thence to St.
James Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul j
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. j
GRIFFIN— In this city, April 6, 1599, Thomas j
F., dearly beloved husband of Sarah Grlffln. j
father of Cassie and Leslie Griftln, son of
James and the late Mary Grlffln. and brother i
of Mrs. M. King. Mrs. J. Winters. Mrs. E.
Mertz, Mrs. F. Valero and James, John.
Frank and Kitty Grlffln. a native of San
Francisco, aged 29 years and 4 months.
ICTFriends arid members of Golden Gate !
Camp No. 64. Woodmen of the World, are ,
respectfully Invited to attend the funeral 1
this day (Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from |
his late residence, 117 Welch street, thence to !
St. Rose's Church, Brannan street, where a i
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the j
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. .
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HUGHES— In this city. April 8. 1599. Sarah I
Jane, beloved wife of Patrick Hughes, and !
mother of John J. and D. F. Hughes, a native
of County Longford, Ireland, aged 75 years.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect- i
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow !
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi- j
dence, 9 Isabel street, Bernal Heights, be-
tween Twenty-eight and Twenty-ninth I
streets, thence to St. Peter's Church, where |
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. i
ISAACS— this city, April 6. 1599, Nellie 1
Isaac* (nee Sheehan), beloved daughter of j
Johanna and the late David Sheehan. and j
sister of John, James and Joseph Sheehan, j
Mrs. J. Goger and Mrs. George Kuhl. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 19 years and 10 ,
months.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect- I
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
her mother, 126 Rartlett street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
KELLER— this city. April 7. 1899, Morice .
Keller, beloved father of Richard. Edward !
and Albert Keller and Mrs. C, M. Taylor, a
native of Baden, Germany, aged BS years.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of j
his son, Richard Keller, BOS Scott street. in- •
terment Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland, j
KELLY— In this city, April 8. 1599. Mary", be-
loved wife of Patrick Kelly, a native of j
Queens County, Ireland, aged 41 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow ;
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late rest-
dence, 1314 Jessie street, thence to St. Jo- I
seph^ Church. Tenth street, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
KRABLER— In this city. April S. 1899. Franz
A., beloved husband of Katie Krabler, father
of Franz W. Krabler, and father-in-law of I
Mary Krabler, aged 49 years and 21 days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from Ids late resi- i
dence. 1730 Greenwich street. Interment Lav- j
rel Hill Cemetery.
LUSTENBERGER— In this city, April 8, 1899,
Alma, youngest, and dearly beloved daughter ;
of Michael and Ida Lustenberger. and sister !
of Bertha Lustenberger, a native of San Fran- :
cisco, aged 11 months and 3 days.
McNAMARA— In this city. April 7, 1899. Ann. j
beloved wife of Patrick McNamara, and
mother of William and Edward J. McNamara
and Mrs. P. O'Donnell of Arizona, a native
of Ireland, aged &s years. A member of the
Third Order of St. Francis.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect- ;
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi- j
dence. 1030 Hampshire street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third, thence toSt.
Peter's Church. Alabama street, near Twenty-
fourth, where a solemn requiem high mass 1
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MILIEVICH— In this city. April 7. 1599, Chris !
J., beloved husband of Radoslava Miltevlch.
a native of Herzegovina, Austria, aged 48 .
years. A member of Virginia Ixidge No. 3,
I. D. O. F. (Virginia City, Nev., papers
please copy.)
(TTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully . invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall. Seventh and Market streets. Interment I
Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Remains at the par- ;
lors of the California Undertaking Company, j
40" Powell street, corner of Poet.
MURRAY'— In this city, April 8. 1899, James C. I
beloved husband of Ellen Murray, and father
of Frank J.. William R.. John J. and the late j
Carrie E. Murray, € native of Waterford,
New York, aged 56 years 1 month and 19 days.
CuTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow 1
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2CO Shipley street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services at 10 o'clock. In- j
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'BRIEN- In the City and County Hospital. j
April 8, 1899, Edward O'Brien, a native of
Massachusetts, aged 47 years.
RIORDAN— In this city. April 8. 1899. Kate, '
beloved wife of the late Garret Riordan, j
mother of John, Charles and Eugene Rior-
dan and the late Richard Riordan, and aunt
of Mrs. W. R. Pinkham of Santa Cruz. Cal..
a native of Ballybunion, County Kerry, Ire-
land, aged 65 years and 5 months.
H^*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 4189 Twenty-fifth street, near Castro,
thence to St. Paul's Churcn, Twenty-ninth
and Church streets, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her :
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment ,
Holy Cross Cemetery.
ROBINSON— In this city. April 8, 1899, Fran-
ces, wife of William C. Robinson, and mother j
of George W., William H. and Wallace A. |
Hubbard and Mrs. Nellie Trumpp. a native j
of Manchester, England, aged 62 years 1 1
month and 5 days.
ROBOHM— In this city, April 5, 1899, Louis, j
dearly beloved husband of Gesche Robohm.
father of Margaret, Sophie and Louis Ro-
bohm, brother of Mrs. 3. Behlmer. Mrs. 11.
Schutt and Maria Robohm. and brother-in-
law of Cord Robohm, Mrs. A. Stahl and Mrs.
i H. Dledricksen. a native of Oldendorf. Han-
over, Germany, aged 32 years 9 months and I
28 days. A member of Hannoveraner Verein. j
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Union Square
Hall, 421 Post street, where funeral services
will be held under the auspices of the Han-
noveraner Voreln. Remains at the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city. April 8. 1899. Margaret,
relict of the late James Smith, and dearly
beloved mother of Mamie I. Smith, a native
of County Slico. Ireland.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock,- from the residence
of her cousin, Mrs. John Goetzee. 39 Albion
avenue, thence to Mission Dolores Church,
• where mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul at 9 o'clock. ■ Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. . .
SMITH— In this city, April 8, 1899, Mary A.,
widow of the late C. W. Smith, and mother
Of Mrs. D. Sutton, Mrs. Henry Rlyth and !
George T. and William H. Smith, a native I
of New York. ■■ ;
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), nt 2 o'clock, from IS Franklin
street. Interment Masonic Cemetery. .
SOYER— In this city, -April 7, 1899, Eliza F.,
beloved wife of George A. Soyer, and sister
of Mrs. N. Julian, a native of Grass Valley.
: Cal., aged 26 years 6 months and 16 days.
O." E. Officers and members of Golden Gate |
Chapter No. 1, O. E. S.. are notified to attend j
the funeral of our late sister, Eliza F. Soyer
(nee Julian), from 3033 Stelner street, between
Union and Filbert, this day (Sunday).
Services at 2 o'clock. Interment Masonic
Cemetery. By order of
ADA R. DUNCAN, Worthy Matron.
TROUTT— In this city, April 8, 1899, Hiram J.
: M., beloved father of James M. Troutt, a na-
tive of Virginia, aged 80 years 10 months and
29 days. :•.„-..
ETFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Mon-
day), at 2 o'clock, at his late residence. 510
Clayton street, near Haight. Interment pri-
vate. »
WELLS— this city. April 7. 1899. Benjamin
D. Wells, father of Douglas Wells, a native of
Connecticut, aged 87 years.
The funeral will be held this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of Albert Brown, 466 Thirteenth
street. Oakland. '. -..*'•',;.: "y i:.'
ZEIMER— In this city, April 7. 1899, Delia, be-
loved daughter of Daniel and Lizzie Zeimer,
and sister of Isidor, Gilbert, Albert and Hat-
tie Zeimer, a native of San Francisco, aged
14 years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), -at 10:15 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 528 Grove street, thence to
Third and Townsend streets, to connect with ■
the 11:30 o'clock train. Interment Hills of
Eternity Cemetery.
ZOCCHI— In this city. April 8, 1899. Rosa,
dearly beloved wife of Denis Zocchl, and
mother of Louts P. and George A. Zocchl. a
native of Switzerland, aged 77 years and C
months.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Mrs Queen, New Tork IMrs Carrett & fm, Nev
Mrs J A Johnson, Mass A J Laux, St Louis
F W Smith, Fresno J A King. Ogden
jl" Rogers, San Jose J A L<ehr, Pinole
1 Mrs Q I) Grace, Sacto H L Stewart, Michigan
\V C Myers, Chicago I J Dixon, Chicago
I J Rosser, Portland F M Peterson, Dos Ang
! A G McMlchael, Mich L Greenwald, Fresno
J Forsvthe, Salt Dake C P Morris, Visalia
GRAND HOTEL.
: H Henderson, Nev A D Rigbie, Cal
I H Booksln & w, Cal A Jensen, Nev
j R Lewers, Reno ' J Poundston &w, Cal
I A Kloster, Chicago J A Miller, Nev
j C H Eaton, Reno Stanford Baseball Club,
A E Ingersoll, H I I Stanford •
C C Williams, Cal IS D Jacks, S Rosa
F H Green, S Rafael Mrs Hinz &d. Cal
iD W Burchard, S Jose ; A W Berry, Chicago
I G H Hall. Oakland IT Longley, L Ang
! W'C Swain, Cal J T Lackin & w, Cal
G B Roof, Cal J Benne, Hanford
M V Freeman, Cal W H Norden, Cal
j Mrs IMC Smith, NYC Moltynn, Cal
IO V Woodward, N V Mrs J C Williams, Cal
jL W Moultln, Fresno Mrs M Owens, Cal
j J C Meagher, Colo ;H Isaacs, L Ang
; W A Velth, Fresno Mrs EC Lott. Cal
I C F Migridge & w, Cal Miss C P Flcks, Cal
! R H W Dwight & w, S W Plummer. Colusa
: Boston E Pen wel I, S Rosa
j A Brown, Kernvllle D J Hebbron, Salinas
IG F Klehlee. St Paul Mrs S T Constable &c,
'W R Townsend, L Ang' Ariz
J J Mills. S Jose Miss Murphy, Ariz
FJR Dawson, Cal J Flanagan, Cal
J A Schaefer, Cal F A Gardner, Chicago
I C W Sell, Stanford D II EJtrin, Pasadena
I F W Bancroft. Cal W J Eltrin, Utica
! H A Campbell. Cal IW R Van Brunt. Cal
I W F Kinn, Sacto G H Rodden & w, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
H R Wood, Phlla Mrs Q Harvey, N V
! L Garrlgus, Salinas Miss Parker, Vermont
! F M Flurlong, I* S X IF Weyerhauser, Minn
1 Mrs Flurlong, L""S N Mrs Weyhauser, Mm
! \V E Gerber. Sacto I Mrs McCormlck, Minn
I Mrs EDu Barry. Va I E BVysselbout. Mich
! Miss Dv Barry. Va G Vf Miller. Pa
T S Moore, Sonoma Mrs C Miller, Pa
I Vf W Chapin. Sacto Miss L Miller, Pa
I G J Smith. USA Mrs M E Sample. Pa
I J W Smith, Colo O A Hewitt, Chelsea
iII Efflnger, Portland C E Loose. Utah
' W H Efflnger, Pnrtld IW Hatfield. Utah
C V Saxman, Portland It L Ulsh. Martinez
IC H Bogart, Boston Mrs R Ulsh, Martinez
I Mrs Bpgart, Boston 7. A Oppenheimer, N V
! H D Justl. Boston J C Evans, V S N
■ Mrs Justl. Boston M P Barr. D S N
! J O Hayden. Boston |F E Rldgeley, V S N
I Mrs Hayden, Boston IE Kwelnler, V
: Mrs D J Ball. Boston | Mrs Kwelnler, N V
Mrs M Ball, liT'toriX W Broadhead. N V
i r S Hollsapple. Boston Mrs Broadhead. N V
i Mrs Hollsapple. Boston I Miss Broadhead. N V
C Southgate. Boston Miss M Broadhead, NY
E Chambers. L Ang Mrs Schneck. Toledo
Mips Sanborn. Boston Miss Schneck. Toledo
J McFadden, S Ana D D Schneck. Toledo
II Martini. NY V. Calm, N V
: W G Eels Phlla W Stewart, S Paula
A H Haftzger. L Ang W Robinson. Mich
1 F L Robbins, Pa Mrs F L Danforth. NY
Mrs FI. Robbins. Pa Grace Danforth. N V
A B Paxton. Pa Miss F Danforth, N T
Mrs F E Paxton, Pa IP M Rose. Omaha
F E Sargent, Montana A Townsend, Chicago
Miss Harvey. Vermont!
WRIGHT WILL NOT TALK
OF PURTELLE'S WRONGS
REMAINS IN SECLUSION AT
LARKSPUR.
The Woman Says She Fled From the
Svengali Influence of Wright,
hut Was Helpless.
Charles W. Wright, the wealthy lark
spur land-owner, who is accused by W.
11. Purtelle of having stolen his wife and
ruined his home, did not appear to-day
at his offices at 132 Market street, nor did
he call upon Attorneys Humphrey and
Boardman, who are representing Purtelle
In his $20,000 damage suit. In fart, Mr.
Wright stayed close by his Larkspur
home and refused to be Been or make
statements of any nature.
Purtelle called upon his attorneys at _
o'clock last evening, and when Been later
said he would willingly talk of his case,
but that his attorneys had advised him
against it. He said, however, he had
heard nothing of Wright and did not care
to; that with the evidence he had behind
him the despoller of his home would get
his just deserts in court. Purtelle seemed
badly broken up at the publicity given
his family troubles, and more bo over the
scandal itself. He proposes to push his
case through as rapidly as his evidence
can be arranged, In speaking of the af
fair Attorney Louis H. Boardman said:
"I suppose Wright will set up the de
fense that Purtelle is trying to blackmail
him. but as my- friends and business asso
ciates know, I am not taking any cases
of that sort. Besides, I have familiarized
myself with the evidence in this case and
we have the woman's confession, and 1
want to say that Wright is lucky that he
only got Into court and did not have his
head blown off. By his own acts In- has
placed himself in a serious predicament
and we have evidence to prove every
charge that has been made against him."
In a portion of her confession, which
Purtelle has turned over to his attorneys,
Mrs Purtelle intimates that she was
practically hypnotized by Wright. Fight
as she might, the Influence he held over
her from the flrst she could not throw
off. At times when she had known of his
approach she had fled precipitately to the
woods on the Larkspur hills, but some
hidden power invariably forced her to re
turn. This power Wright exercised merci
lessly. It was not his kindness nor per
sonal attraction that held her to him, but
solely this vague influence at which she
hints in her confession.
HARRY GORHAM RECOVERING.
Mining Man Underwent an Operation
for Appendicitis Yesterday.
Harry, M. Gorham, the well-known min
ing superintendent from Gold Hill, Nev.,
submitted to an operation for appendi
citis yesterday afternoon at the Waldeck
Sanitarium, on Jones street. The opera
tion was performed by Drs. MacMonagle
and Spencer, and at last reports late last
evening their patient was doing well.
Gorham has been ailing for some time.
On many occasions he has visited San
Francisco in quest of medical aid. Each
time, however, he became but little Im
proved, and about a month ago he was
taken dangerously ill and brought to the
Grand Hotel. For some time his malady
was not properly diagnosed, and it re
mained for a council of physicians to term
it appendicitis one week ago. He con
tinued to grow rapidly worse and the
operation of yesterday became necessary.
California Press Association.
The delegates of the California Press
Association met at the Occidental Hotel
last evening to make arrangements for a
spring excursion to the Yosemite In May.
The excursion contemplates an itinerary
of ten days to" all the points of interest
in the valley. Another meeting will be
held to make final arrangements for the
trip.
The editors present were: E. B. Willis,
Sacramento Record-Union: W. D. Penny
cook, Vailejo Chronicle; R. H. Jury. San
Mateo leader; G. M; French, -Napa Reg
ister; Raleigh Barcar, Vacaville Republi
can; A. B. Lemmon, Santa Rosa Republi
can; J. A. Filcher, Auburn Herald; Frank
H. Owen, Winters Express. .
Lecture on --Human Freedom."
Mrs. Mattie A. Bride will lecture next
Saturday evening at Assembly Hall, Odd
Fellows' 'building, on "Human Freedom;
or a Plea for 'The Man With the Hoe.' "
The lecture, which will be free to Odd
Fellows and friends, will be under the
auspices of Apollo Lodge No. 123, Kidelitv
No. 222, Bay City No. 71, Golden Gate No.
204, Occidental No. 179, Western Addition
No.' 285. . Excelsior No. 310. Sargent No
368, Mission Rebekah No. 225, California
No. 1 and Walhalla No. 130.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1028 Mission.
CALIFORNIA'S
PROMINENT
NATIVE SONS
Grand Parlor Session
in Salinas.
Following is the list of the representative
Native Sons of the Golden West who will
represent the grand and the subordinate
parlors of the order, at the session to be
held on the 24th of the current month in
the city of Salinas, where great prepara
tions have been made to receive and en
tertain the grand officers and delegates
during their week's stay in the place:
Past Grand Presidents H. Clay Chip
man, John H. Grady, A. F. Jones, John
A. Steinbach, Fred H. Greely, Charles
W. Decker, Charles H. Garoutte, M. A.
Dorn. Frank D. Ryan, William M. .Miller,
R. M. Fitzgerald, Thomas Flint Jr., John
T. Greany, Jo. D. Sproul. Frank H.
Dunne, Henry C. Gesford, George D.
Clark. The grand officers are: George
D. Clark, junior past grand president; W.
M. Conley, grand president; Frank Matti
son, grand first vice president; R. C. Rust,
grand second vice president; Henry Lun
stedt, grand secretary; Henry S. Martin,
grand treasurer; Frank L. Coombs, grand
orator; W. A. Gaston, grand marshal;
John J. McMahon, grand inside sentinel;
A. W. Fellder, grand outside sentinel;
•Lewis de F. Byington, H. R. McNoble, D.
E. Morgan, Fletcher A. Cutler, A, W.
North, Joseph K. Hawkins and Adolph
Ramish, grand trustees. i .'.
The delegates to the approaching ses
sion:
Alameda County— Parlor 47 of Alameda,
Max Glass, L. L. Schulee; 50 of Oakland.
R. W. Church, J. P. Cook, H. N. Card;
113 of Haywards, George A. Oakes, M. B.
Templet on; 120 of Oakland, George E. de
Golia, Frank Barnett, W, H. L. Hynes;
146 of Alameda, J. R. Knowland, W. F.
Chipman: 151 of East Oakland, M. S. Hau
ser, J. M. Kane; 169 of Centerville, J. O.
Norrls; 195 of Oakland, Ben F. Woolner,
W. E. Dean.
Amador County— Parlor 17 of Sutter
Creek, O. C. Randolph, Willford Dennis;
31 of Jackson, John F. Davis, G. M. Alee
han; 33 of lone, J. H. Hefferen; 48 of Ply
mouth, Law ranee Burke; 173 of Amador
City, M. M. Treadwell, William McLaugh
lin.
Butte County— Parlor 8 of Oroville, J.
W. Ashley, E. B. Ward; 21 of Chico, A.
Abrahams, George F. Robinson.
Contra Costa County— Parlor 32 of An
tioch, W. J. Renfree; 170 of Byron, J. A.
Kennedy. -. '-
Del Norte County— Parlor 156 of Crescent
City, George H. Crawford.
Eldorado County— Parlor 9 of Placer
vllle. S. T. Alderson, J. F. McKee.
Humboldt County— Parlor 14 of Eureka.
C. Julius Jansen, W. C. Else-more; 20 of
Areata, Roy P. Nellist, W. A. Preston; 88
of Alton, F. C. Hauck; 93 of Ferndale, A.
M. Aggeler; 197 of Blue Lake, Frank E.
Knight. ". ■■'„ ;-y _ ,
Lake County— Parlor 159 of Lower Lake,
Henry T. Bower. _ _
Lassen County— Parlor 99 of Susa.nyille,
A. Slfford, George N. AlcDow; 198 of
Janesville. William M. Bronson.
Los Angeles County— 4o of Los
Angeles, 1. H. Norton, E. G. Hookstrat
ten; 109 of Los Angeles. Frank Sabichi, H.
C Lichtenberg; 196 of Los Angeles, D. \\ .
Edelman, A. D. Barham. _ . •
Marin County— 64 of San Rafael,
W F Alagee, W. J. Eden; 158 of Sausa
lito, W. R. Milton, J. H. Pryor; 183 of Ni
casio, Joseph Redding.
Mariposa County— 138 of Horni
tos, C. B. Cavagnaro. „-»-•««
Mendocino County— Parlor 117 of Point
Arena G. Miller; 200 of Fort Bragg, Henry
W. Little. '.: -: _ _, ,
Merced County— Parlor 24 of Merced,
Joseph Goldman.
Monterey County— Parlor 9, of Salinas,
P. E. Zabala, L. U. Grant; 132 of Castro
ville. W. K. Miller.
Napa County— Parlor 62 of Napa, J. T.
York, Hermann Nussberger; 86 of Calis
toga, C. A. Carroll.
Nevada County— Parlor 06 of Nevada
City. Lee A. Garthee, George Calanan,
James J. Hanley; 58 of Grass Valley.
George D. Jones, W. W. Williams, W.
Hall; 162 of Truckee, F. H. BlackwelL
Placer County— Parlor 59 of Auburn, J.
E Walsh, A. N. Hoffman; 85 of Forest
Hill. F. E. Allen; 126 of Dutch Flat, G. W
Johnson. _ _„ _ _ . _
Plumas County— Parlor 131 of Quincy, C.
E. McLaughlin.
Sacramento County— 3 of Sacra
mento, William J. Featherston. C. M.
Hunt, T. A. Cody, William V. Kellogg; S3
of Folsom. J. B. Leonard; 106 of Court
land. Charles E. Holllster.
San Benito County— Parlor 44 of Hollls
ter. M. T. Cooling. yy'yyi
San Bernardino County— Parlor 110 of
San Bernardino, John Anderson Jr.; 16S of
Redlands. Richard M. Meeks Jr.
San Diego County— 108 of San
Diego, Samuel Schiller and J. C. de Ter
rari. _.
San Francisco: California Parlor No.
I— W. D. Shea, James P. Dockery, W. W.
Shannon, Ben C. Davis, J. J. Jamison. C.
A. Reynolds. Pacilic No. James
O'Gara, S. V. Costelio, Daniel A. Ryan,
Leonard Stone. Golden Gate Fred H.
Suhr, J. F. Dyer and Thomas Stewart.
Mission 38— John Porcher, W. P. Hum
phreys Jr., F. H. Mills. San Francisco
49— Thomas A. Hearty, Edward L. Rit
tore. John Hennlng. El Dorado 52— Frank
Bragg, D. D. Lowney, W. J. Hawkins.
Rincon 72— John F. Finn, W. J. Wynn, L.
K. Serlcano, F. E. Wallace. Stanford 76—
J. E. Barry, Frank H. Kerrigan, D. C.
Martin. Joseph Greenberg. Yerba Buena
84— Fred W. Lees, Joseph E. O'Donnell.
Bay City 104— Henry George Washington
Dlnkelspeil, Saul Magner. Niantic 105—
Joseph B. Keenan, F. G. Drury. National
118— F. P. Wehe, D. E. Alurden, R. L.
Radke. Columbia 121— Percy V. Long, I.
Harris. Hesperian 137— L. H. Kohn, C.
F. Buttle. Alcatraz 145— James L. Galla
gher, C. H. Turner. Alcalde 154— W. D.
Wilcox. J. A. Devoto. South San Fran
cisco 157— E. J. Taaffe, Thomas J. Stack.
Sequoia 160 — L. C. Pistolesi, W. P. John
son. Precita 187— John M. Hickey. James
M. Hanley. Olympus 189— Andrew Mocker,
O. C. Pratt. Presidio 194— J. Attridge,
Louis H. Mooser. Marshall 202— Leon Vell
ler. William Everson.
San Joaquin County: Parlor No. 7 of
Stockton— George E. Catts, C. E. Alan
thev, W. E. O'Connor, A. J. Turner. Par
lor No. 186 of Tracy— C. W. Sullinger.
San Luis Obispo: Parlor No. 61 of San
Luis Obispo— F. H. Smith, C. W. Childs.
Parlor No. 150 of San Miguel— W. P. Cour
ier. Parlor No. 152 of Cambria— G. W.
Gillespie.
San Mateo County: Parlor No. 23 of San
Mateo— John Cronln. Parlor No. 66 of
Redwood City— C. D. Hayward, H. F.
Butts. Parlor No. 95 of Halfmoon Bay —
James P. Burke. Parlor No. 185 of Menlo
Park— Charles H. Smith.
Santa Barbara County: Parlor No. 116
of Santa Barbara— F. L. Kellogg, Owen
IT. O'Neill.
Santa Clara County— Parlor 22 of San
Jose, J. S. Williams, James P. Sex: 166 of
Alayfield, J. L. Greer; 177 of San Jose, W.
F. Lawrence, W. J. Boshken.
Santa Cruz County— Parlor 65 of Wat
sonvilie, J. L. Mann. Edward McCabe;
90 of Santa Cruz, R. H. Pringle, M. Besse,
B. K. Knight.
Shasta County— Parlor 149 of Redding.
W. M. Welsh.
Sierrp County— Parlor 92 of Downievii'.e
F. R. Wehe; 94 of Sierra City, Thomas J.
AlcGrath.
Siskiyou County— 192 of Etna, J
P. Smith; 193 of Sawyers Bar, Theodore
Behnke.
Solano County— Parlor 39 of Suisun, Ed
ward Dinkelspell, Frank Gurnette; 60 of
Dixon. C. M. Kirby; 77 of Valleio G. (5
Halllday. R. G. Winchell; 199 of Rio Vista
J. M. Sullivan.
Sonoma County— Parlor 28 of San;a Ro
sa, C. O. Dunbar, J. E. Gannon; 102 c*
Glen Ellen. Frank M. Luttrell; 111 of So
noma, Benjamin Weed.
Trinity County— Parlor 87 of Weaver
ville. R. E. Cochran, R. W. Stiller.
Tulare County— Parlor 19 of Vlsal!*, E
C. Farnsworth.
Tuolumne County— Parlor 144 of Sonora
Thomas F. Gormley. George Kelly. '
Ventura County— Parlor 114 of Ventur.i
G. L. Sackett. Ed M. Hlrshfelder; 191 of
Santa Paula. 11. C. Henderson.
Yolo County— Parlor 30 of Woodland A
M. Britt, M. C. Keefer; 163 of Winters'
W.O. Russell; 179 of Madison. Phil A.'
Tutt.
Yuba County— Parlor 6 of Marysvilie
E. A. Forbes, J. H. Marcuse. l -y» v »*"**
Walhalla's Entertainment.
Next Saturday night Walhalla Rebekah
Lodge (German) will give another of Its
pleasing entertainments and socials to its
friends in its hall in the Odd Fellows'
building.
DIVINE HEALER.
ffHOLE"AGAIH
AFTER YEAIS
OF DEFORMITY
Remarkable Transfor-
mation of a Cripple
by Healer Francis
Truth.
After Nine Years of Agony a
Miner Is Enabled to
Dance a Jig and
Be Merry.
A WOMAN SAVED FROM DEATH.
Wonderful Cures of Cancer, Appendicitis,
Creeping Paralysis, Bright's Disease,
Deafness and Rheumatism at
440 Geary Street.
After using a crutch and cane ant-
suffering untold tortures from de-
formed limbs for over nine years a
well-known mining man is to-day a
whole man, as sound as a dollar and
possibly the happiest mortal in the
State of California.
This remarkable transformation was
accomplished by Healer Francis Truth,
at his parlors, 440 Geary street, yester-
day. The patient had visited Mr. Truth
less than six times, and yesterday he
was restored as by magic.
"I entered Healer Truth's office as
complete a wreck as a man can well
.be," said he yesterday. "To-day I am
a well man and able to jump a ditch ten
feet wide. I considered my case hope-
less until I met Healer Truth, but he
pulled me out of it all right. I don't
know how he did it, but he did, and
that's enough for me. I'm the happiest
man in the State to-day."
The one-time cripple surprised every
one in Healer Truth's parlors by danc-
ing a jig, a performance he had not
been guilty of since the attack of rheu-
matism that deformed his limbs oc-
curred. He donated his crutch to
Healer Truth, and it now occupies a
conspicuous place in his museum of j
curios.
Another strange cure recorded by
Healer Truth during the past week was
that of a man who was suffering from
a cancer of the face. The poor fellow's
nose was well nigh eaten away when
Healer Truth's ministrations began,
and after a few visits the deadly rav-
ages of the disease were stilled, and the
cancer ultimately died away. The man's
nose could not be restored, but the can-
cer is removed and he is happy in con- I
sequence. That his life has been mirac-
ulously saved is a certainty.
A woman, whose name is not given
because of her request to withhold it,
was cured of appendicitis of long stand-
ing without an operation. Her phy-
sician had, as a last resort, counseled
her to submit to an operation in order
to save her life, but hearing of Healer
Truth's wonderful cures she contrived
to see him, with the result that after
two or three treatments the disease was
eradicated from her system.
Another case worthy of special men-
tion is that of a woman who was afflict-
ed with creeping paralysis. Her left foot
was a dead weight and devoid of feel- j
ing. Two treatments served to restore i
her completely to her normal condition, j
so that to-day she is better than she I
was at any time in her life.
Among the cures effected by Healer 1
Truth last week were one case of '
Bright's disease, two of paralysis of the \
lower limbs, four of deafness, one of !
which was total, three of rheumatism,
both acute, inflammatory and sciatic,
some twenty cases of female troubles, !
several of tumor, a number of impo-
tency and three of organic weakness. :
At the present time numerous cases are j
under treatment which had been given
up as hopeless by many of the best
physicians in the city, and all give
promise of lasting cures.
The absent cures performed by
Healer Truth continue to increase in
numbers and importance. That Healer
Truth's services are in demand in vari-
ous parts of the country his* daily mail
fully, attests. Hundreds of letters are !
received from day to day from such
distant points as Alaska, Panama, I
Nova Scotia, Maine, Massachusetts, j
Texas and Florida. It having been i
demonstrated that cures can be effected j
at a distance is responsible for this im-
mense correspondence. Another cause,
perhaps, is that every communication
is treated with the strictest confidence,
so that absolute secrecy in every in-
stance is assured.
Sano-Riosll
THE HOME REMEDY -"? "* u]ar -
for FEMALE COMPLAINTS**^^
wi-ng. Fer all these pains, irregularities and difficulties no
remedy ; on earth ann .n; rt Easilyapnlied by lady her-
»qo»'» ..-■efairous^ailU'KlU ■*__, "Relieve, all (mm
£SR _B__ '» »• oinl» or Ovaries in 10 minutes.
gESgSBjI Promptly relieves Headache, Nausea, Blood and
MB, -ABB Bladder TriuWcs, Faintness, Nervousness, Fear
_Vty _H % nd Despondency. Cures Leueorrhcea, Wor...
B*" BI Complaint*. Displacements, Backache, Pr=.,ng
W** *«tt Down l in " ° 1 " 1 M Female Di-orders. js_mt_
In If— ' n '"'*'" 1 Soreness and I'lce rations^_rxTk\
alJ_^^—ry* ' eTn "'" 'I"-*-* and Vlt*sMies fjlli
Ay TTT lhe "hole ■■"-'*'• Safe. Hum and TJTiiT
Absolutely Harmless. One 50 cint box will > *tt»'
complete a cure in ordinary ca«*s
STfIPS Al I PAIN I * OLi> BY AM. DRUGGISTS.
... .ft LL '"'" °' m M in plain wrapper on receipt
IN fl UIWIITCS The Perfecto Co. Catton Blda*.' Chleaet)
in ! J nUnUILO ThePerfectaCa.ra**tanßldr.Cble*uce
Bold by Owl Drug Co.. S. F. and Oakland.
tvi.it OR. JORDAN'S g««*
l«| Museum of Anatomy
Iplral 1051 'diSin ST. ttt. Sth - 7t_, S.F. Ctl
■ _.«_. V "■• Largest of its kind In the World.
l^m»\ DR. JORDAN— Private Disease*.
bJ^^B BL. Consultation free. Write for Re*.
vv I Philosophy of Marriage.
■ fi M**" re FFtEl*.
**?¥£■".'* RKADT RELIEF has stood
unrivaled before the public for 50 years as a
Pain Remedy it instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds. Sore Throats. Influenza Bron-
chitis. Pneumonia, Rheumatism. Neuralgia
tnr M C , he - Too^ache and all pains. Intern!
lor Malaria and all Bowel Pains. All druggists
ADVERTISEMENTS.
' At Auction!
TUESDAY.
TUESDAY - - - - APRIL 11, 1899,
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON.
At Our Salesroom, 638 Market Street.
HAVES-STREET RESIDENCE.
North side of Hayes st. (No. 850), 137:6 east
of Fillmore, 27:6X137:6: large house of 10 rooms,
bath and high basement: modern.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
NE. cor, of Seventeenth and Noe sts., 30x
91:6; north side of Seventeenth St.. 27:6 west of
Prosper; 2 elegant building- sites; street work
all done.
GROVE-STREET FLATS.
. North side (Nos. 342 to 352) Grove st., 192:8
west of Franklin, 55x68:9; 6 elegant flats, 5 and
4 rooms, bath and basement; rents $100; sunny-
side of street; all new plumbing.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE LOT.
South line of Jackson st., 130:6 west of Bu-
chanan, 50:6x127; an elegant site for a fine
residence in one of the most select neighbor-
hoods in the city: present Improvement 2 cot-
tages; 2217 and 2221 Jackson st.
LEAVEN WORTH-STREET FLATS.
East side of Leavenworth (Nos. 1120, 1120 A),
22:11 south of Sacramento, 22:11x80 feet, to
Golden. Court; 2 nice flats of 6 and 5 rooms,
bath, basement.
MISSION RESIDENCE.
West side (No. 12) Vicksburg st., 91:6 south
of Twenty-second, 22:6x135; good house of I
rooms and bath; an unsurpassed view; street
accepted.
MISSION CORNER.
NE. cor. of Henrietta st. and Prospect aye.,
25x70 feet; 2 good corner lots, all ready for
building.
MISSION BUILDING LOTS.
South side of West Park St., 100 feet west of
Mission, 25x100 feet; a good building lot; street
work all done.
PARK LANE LOT. -
Lot 34, Park Lane Tract. No. 4, 25x70 feet;
good lot, all ready for building.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
Auctioneers, 638 Market st.
1898 -TAXES-1898
THE SECOND INSTALLMENT OF REAL
Estate Taxes will be delinquent April 24, at
6 p. m., after which 5 per cent will be added.
The office will be open from 7 to 9 p. m.
on April 22.
SATURDAY, April 15, positively last day of
receiving checks.
ED. I. SHEEHAN.
Fan Francisco, April 6, 1899.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
The Great Sanitarium of the West.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR.
New Hotel, elegantly furnished; table un-
surpassed: lighted by electricity.
THOUSANDS CURED BY ITS WATERS
Finest Swimming Tank, Bowling Alley and
j Dancing Hall in Lake County, together with
complete Livery Stable, Gentle Saddle Horses
! and Ponies.
OVER 30 KINDS OF MINERAL SPRINGS.
Physician in attendance; superb climate;
beautiful mountain scenery; trout, deer and
small game plentiful; magnificent drives;
baths In variety: lawn tennis and croquet.
Reached by the shortest stage route into Lake
County. Round trip fare from San Francisco
via Hopland. $8; via Calistoga. $9. -■■'
Hotel and cottage rates, $10 to $14 per week.
Take S. F. & N. P. Railway to Hopland, or
S. P. R. R. to Calistoga. For Illustrated pam-
phlet or further information address J. CRAIG.
; Highland Springs. Lake County. Cal., or see
L. D. CRAIG. 316 Montgomery st.
Highland Springs Mineral Waters on sale at
Oakland Pioneer Soda Water Co., Thirteenth
and Webster sts., Oakland.
AHRENS. PEIN & BULLWTNKEL.
620 Post St., San Francisco.
SKAGGS'HOTSPRIHGS
Sonoma County: only 4*4 hours from Pan
.Francisco and but 9 miles' staging: waters
I noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
j in. State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
I tain scenery: good trout streams at door; pho-
-1 tographer's room, telephone, telegraph, daily
i mail and express: FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
! STAGE SERVICE; morning and afternoon
j stages; round trip from San Francisco only
| $5 50. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30
! p. m. Terms, $2 a day or $12 a week. Ref-
I erences, any guest of the past four years.
Patronage constantly increasing — laat year un-
I precedented. J. F. MULGREW. Proprietor.
ROWARDENNAN.
Santa Cruz Mountains on San Lorenzo River,
3*. hours from S. F., 40 minutes from Santa
Cruz; grounds and river lit by electric lights;
: tennis, bowling, boating, bathing and fishing;
1 finest hall and dining room in Santa Cruz
Mts. ; club, billiard and smoKing rooms. New,
! hard finished and elegantly furnished. Tele-
phone and telegraph service. Round trip. $3.
Address W. E. VEAZIE, Lessee, South Ben
: Lomond. _
THE ROYA RETREAT SETM? m! 1"
Mineral water; fine hunting; finest climate
ln California; magnificent location; plenty of
eggs, milk and fruit; summer boarders ac-
commodated at reasonable rates: good cheer
and Home comforts; good board with all the
delicacies of the season. For terms, address
MRS. PORTER T. PEABODY. P. O. box 87,
Gilroy.
HOTEL BELVEDERE
Open for the Season April _. Ample accom-
modations in Hotel: also ln new cottages. Just
completed.
MRS. M. T. WIOORE".
BELVEDERE.
! KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
(Beswlck, Siskiyou County, Cal.)
Finest fishing and health resort on the coast.
Climate perfect. For particulars apply to ED-
SON BROS., Proprietors.
ADAM SPRINGS, LAKE CO.
Favorite resort of the State; the water is un-
excelled for medicinal purposes; table unsur-
passed; fine fishing and hunting; stage daily
from Calistoga direct to springs; round trip at
Southern Pacific offices, $10. DR. W. R. PRA-
THER, Adam Sprint?.
KENILWORTH INN,
MILL . VALLEY— A most delightful summer
i home. Every modern convenience. In and
out door sports. Forty-five minutes from San
t, ra c^?;^ T S. ble un(ler Personal care of MRS.
M. MERRY, Proprietor.
SAMUFL SODA SPRING-.
J. R. Morris, Prop., Napa County, Cal. Sure
cure for dyspepsia, indigestion, rheumatism
and constipation: hot mineral baths. The=e
springs are located in Napa County. 20 miles
east of St. Helena. The water is bottled at
the springs and contains its own natural gas.
i Stage leaves St. Helena.
_-_s_—_—_—if- L S nig ? Is a non-poisonoTSt
">*s3«2>*r_, . . J?**i»™ remedy for ("onorrhrea.
vJ&g^CKEh^ Gleet. Sporma.orrh^
_S_W ?, J tos, Whites, unnatural .](*.
! fXfw „ P"-*""""'" M r : -'"«e8, or -any infiammii-
! Br_J p not «° atrictute. — tion, irritation or ulcera-
gj-|Pr,Te 0 u oonuglon. tion of mucous mem-
fa*YHgEvASS CllEMjßM.no. Cranes. Non-astringent,
wBBLcinCINNATI.' ■]_£*%__ Sold by Ortjgsrisits,
i__k. U. 3. a. Jm_T_ Bent 'a plain wrapper,
: m m .?y xvn ' cie i Prepaid, tot
V^^____9-S^_ & 00 ' or 3 bottles, 12.76.
1 v ■ Circular mv; «a r«e__afeALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
HIGH SCHOOL
ATHLETES ON
PATH AND FIELD
Ukiah Carries Off the
Championship.
tSTES MAKES WORLD RECORD
.ADOGAN WINS NEW LAURELS
IN THE SPRINTS.
Perfect Field Day Weather, a Large
Crowd and Good Performances .
at the Academic Ath
letic Meet.
THE tenth semi-annual
field day of the Academic
Athletic League, which
was held on the Berkeley oval
yesterday afternoon, was a
success in every particular —
attendance, athletic perform
ances and the inordinate
quantity of noise generated
by the youthful enthusiasts
of the high schools. The
sprinters and high jumpers
who came all the way from
Ukiah will return to their na
tive burg with a crown of vic
tory and the championship
banner of 1899. By their, com
bined efforts the Ukiahs
scored 35 points. The Berke
ley High School ranked sec
ond, with 28, and Oakland
third with 24 points. The
Lowell Higi- School of this
city finistieu just without the
money.
Long before the hour of the Inaugura
tion of the athletic battle the stands
around the cinder track were packed with
gayly decked followers of the . various
school teams. Each academy had Its sec
tion of tiered seats, decorated with its
own specially chosen colors. The Berke
ley High School was there en masse with
the banners of former victories floating
over their portion of the bleachers. The
students of Lowell wore red caps, but
there were few occasions for throwing
them into the air. On the other side of
the track the brawny youths from Ukiah
held sway and made enough vocal din to
startle the peaceful shades of the uni
versity town out of its deep-seated quiet.
Not only did the Ukiah track team come
to the meeting, but sisters, brothers and
mothers were, there also. When Sturte
vant won his' first heat ln the 220 dash
his sister, also from Ukiah, rushed out
on the track and kissed him in full view
of the packed stands. Sturtevant did not
win the finals, and the sister's fleeting joy
was turned to grief.
Some records went a-glimmering. Tho
best athletic performance was that of
Estes. who threw the twelve-pound ham
mer 173 feet, breaking the world's record.
In competition he hurled the hammer 157
feet, liis world-breaker was done after
the contrst. but the record will hold just
the same. The former record of the league
was held hy Plaw. who lately broke the
Intercollegiate distance for the sixteen
pound event.
•Cadogan of the Oakland High School
carried off the honors on the track. In
one of the nts of the 220 dash he
covered the distance in the very fast time
of 23 seconds. In the finals he did not
equal this performance, being slower by
two-fifths of a second, but still fast
enough to lower the record of the Acad
emic Athletic League from 23 4-5 to 23 2-5
seconds. Henley, the phenomenal high
jumper of Ukiah. disappointed the expec
tations of his friends by comparatively
poor jumping. He cleared the top at 5
fW^r&Sa^________tmm___m_9____xf
9 Sujtdat, Apr. 9. Xew Prices Wednesdays
9 No Liquors — Just 9
} Good Groceries }
f Half the household sup-?
9 plies cost too much. 9
f Here they cost right. 9
f Eight big saving stores?
- f means economy for you I 9
} Potted Meats saving stores^
means economy for youl 9
Potted Meats can 15c a
\ Richards & Robbins. Chicken, \
0 turkey, ham, game. «
\ Regular -5-ct size. \
a Tomatoes can sc\
\ Bear brand .
a Dr. Handy's Prunes.... lb sc\
\ Fancy Santa Claras \
0 Largest size 9
f Italian Prunes lb 4c9
0 Size 30 to 40 to the pound. f
f Sardines 2 for 25c9
0 Royans La Vatel with truffles. }
i Usually sold for 2oc \
ALeCourt's Mushrooms 17 c\
j| Fresno Raisins... io lbs 25c}
A . Would be a low price at 5c a lb. a
tiFancy Table Rice lb sc}
\ •' '- * -■■ \
A T y arge clean kernels. a
fLiebig's Extract Beef 35c}
A (ienuine; usually 40c. A
} Lunch Tongue .i lb 20c}
A Libby's and Rex. 30c size. a
Corned Beef. 2 lb 17 c}
A Libby's and Rex. 20c size. A
in glass 25c}
(Dandicolla & Gaudin. A
With truffles, regularly 40c. 9
J Table Apricots ca.nloc\
iStandard Tomatoes on A
f Gallon can. siUCf
0 I'ontana 's Best 0
f Granulated Sugar ..2olb $l)
0 Fine dry cane. &
0 EIGHT SAVING STORES: }
_, 735 Market St. 8. F. ■.. 1311 Polk fit. S. F. i
9 I •-,<• Washington, Oak Shattuck At, Berkeley^
. _. 9th i Washington, " Central At, Alameda*
0 E Lib li l?.th At. " 7th k Wood, Oak 0
feet 9 Inches— four inches shy of his own
record. In the broad jump, however, he
redeemed himself, covering 21 feet 9 Inches
of earth In a leap and establishing a new
record. Manor of the Lowell High School
distinguished himself in the sprints.
The order of events was as follows:
440-yard run-Cadogan. O. H. S.. flrst;
Holman. O. H. S., second; Hartley, B.
H. S.. third. Time. 53 2-5 sec.
880-yard run— Karmelinski, L. H. S.,
first; Wood, B. H. S.. second; Girvin, B.
H. S., third. Time. 2 mm. 11 2-5 sec.
100-yard dash-Manor. L. H. S., flrst;
Abadie. P. H. S., second; Stanley, O. H.
S., third. Time. :10 3-6 sec.
120-yard hurdle— Hendricks.ee*., O. H. S..
first; Tavlor, S. R. H. S., second;
Thomas, V. H. S.. third. Time, 17 l-o sec.
One mile run-Woods. B. H. S.. first;
Wyckoff. U. H. S.. second; Clough, O. H.
S., third. Time, 4 mm. 59 sec.
220-yard dash-Cadogan. O. H. S first;
Henley, U. H. S., second; Manor, L. H.
S.. third. Time, 23 2-5 sec.
220->-ard hurdle— Moulder, P. H. 8..
first; Chaplain, B. H. S.. second: Sturte
vant. U. H. S.. third. Time, 23 2-5 sec
One mile walk- Williams. U. H. S..
first; Parks, Pet. H. S., second; Gleason,
L. H. S.. third. Time. 8 mm. 30 3-5 sec.
One-mile relay-Berkeley High School,
first* O. H. S., second; Polytechnics,
Pole vault— Thomas, U. H. S.. and Gir
vin, B. H. S., tied for first and second
places. '* feet 6 inches; Tavlor, S. R. H.
_..; and Curtis, M. T. M. A., tied for
third place. ' --■-»« , ___ _
High Jump— Henley. L. H. S., 5 feet S
inches; Cooley. O. H. S., second;
Thomas. U. H. 8.. third.
12-pound hammer throw— Estes. S. H.
S.. 117 feet; Nuckolls. 148: Brown, £8.
Broad jump- Henley U. H. S.. 21 feet
9 inches: Cadogan. O. H. S., second; Coo
i2-pound shotput-Volz, B. H S., 42 feet
S inches: Hendrlcksen. C. H. S., second;
Fautz, B. H. S., third.
Special event, l^o-yard dash, Jr.—PacK
er first; Fereh, second. Time, 11 2-5 sec.
r]er)\ey, t\)e UKJab Athlete, \NY)o Established a
New Broad Jump Record.
WENT TO HAWAII TO
MEET HER LOVER
MISS OLIVE LAMB WEDS J. J.
BRISTOL.
Did Not Take Her Friends Into the
Secret of Her Little .
Trip.
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April S.
Little wedding cards that have just been
received from Honolulu caused much sur
prise to the friends in this county of the
parties whose names they bore. They
contained the fact that Miss Olive M.
Lamb and J. J. Bristol were married a
few weeks ago at the Hawaiian capital.
Mr. Bristol and Miss Lamb were for a
long time two of the most popular resi
dents of Niles. They were active mem
bers of the Christian Endeavor move
ment, and as there are nearly 6000 ln this
county their acquaintance was very ex
tensive. The groom was a graduate of
the University of California class of '98
and held a prominent position in the com
mittees that had charge of the great in
ternational convention of 1897.
Some time ago Mr. Bristol obtained a
position as registrar and instructor in a
Hawaiian educational institution and
went to the islands to enter upon his
duties.
A few weeks ago Miss Lamb went to the
islands and most of her friends supposed
she had gone on a pleasure trip. On her
arrival she met her. lover and they were
• married. The last mall brought up the
news. ■'--'-.' ■_
Athenian Club Election.
OAKLAND. April 5-. --The annual elec- i
tion at the Athenian Club was held ..this |
evening and the following officers were j
elected: W. G. Henshaw. president; Dr. i
A Fine, vice president; Dr. P.' L.. Wheeler. ;
Dr. C. T. Rodolph and G. S. Wheaton. di- i
rectors. ":-.
MAYOR SNOW WILL
DISCOURAGE MURDER
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call,
*:*-';• 90S Broadway, April 8.
MAYOR SNOW Is of the opinion that there are altogether too many lrre
sponslbles carrying pistols 1 around in their hip pockets. Permits to
carry guns have been issued very freely for the past few years, and
there are several thousand people in Oakland who have a legal right to
carry a gun. Mr. Snow declares this is all wrong, leads to frequent shoot
ings and occasional murder, which would net help to disgrace the city if this
pistol carrying were not permitted.
As the permits are - brought in to the Mayor to be renewed the applicant
has to show extraordinary cause why he should be permitted, to carry an
arsenal before th©- Mayor will reissue the permit. Up to date more permits
have been refused than reissued.
"This gun-carrying business," said Mayor Snow, "is all nonsense. This
city Is not infested with thugs and dangerous characters, and there is no
necessity for a man to walk around prepared to kill anybody on sight. In
some instances a man may need a gun. if his duty take him into certain por
tions of the city at night, but the average citizen' certainly has no excuse
•whatever for. packing a pistol, and I do not Intend that there shall be so many
pistols in use as there are at present."
TIIJ*. SAN FHANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 9, 1399.
OPENED THE
GAME ON THE
WRONG DAY
Gamblers Appear in
Court.
WAS AN UNLUCKY FRIDAY
ONLY THE BEGINNING OF A
CRUSADE.
Eagerness to Save Their Shares of
the Bank Led to the Ar
rest of Two of the
Players.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
906 Broadway. April 8.
The three gamblers arrested at midnight
had their cases continued in the Police
Court to-day till Monday, when the com
plaints will be filed.
This determined action on the part of
Chief Fletcher has paralyzed the frater
nity, and no one doubts that it will be
kept up, for the new Board of Works has
already expressed its feelings in the mat- j
ter, which are to the effect that unless I
the law be carried out the ax will speedily
descend. At present many games are
legal— that is to say, they do not come
under the State law, but have to be pro
hibited by city ordinances. These exempt
games can still be carried on with im
punity until the ordinance now being
printed goes Into effect, which will be in
about two weeks. : y.-
There is. however, a more drastic
method of reaching the gamblers than by
passing ordinances. This is by closing the
saloons where the games are conducted,
and this is what Councilman Glrard, who
is chairman of the license committee,
threatens to do.
The game raided last night had only
just opened, and was In one of the most
respectable lodging-houses in town. The
gamblers declare that their ill luck is due
to the fact that they opened up on Friday.
When the police broke into the room they
would have been unable to make any ar
rests but for the cupidity of two or the
players, for the room was full of players
and visitors, and the officers could not
have picked out the players. Two of them,
however, who gave the names of Williams
and Johnson, had up $50 apiece, and when
they saw the police were so anxious to
recover their money that they rushed to
the table and helped themselves. On this
evidence they were arrested with ' the
dealer. The evidence Is considered good
because if the money were not theirs they
were caught in the act of stealing it.
There are still some other faro games
running, which are to be raided if their
proprietors do not take the hint. Fearful
of the consequences, some of the keno
games and nearly all the crap games have
shut down.
I HENPECKED THOUGH DIVORCED
John Gooby Asks Protection Against
His ex-Wife.
OAKLAND, April B.— John Gooby to-day
filed an answer to the complaint ln th?
suit of his ex-wife, Mary Gooby, wherein
she seeks to recover real estate valued at
$4000, which she alleges John and his at
torney have defrauded her out of.
John Oooby's answer is a general denial
and with it he filed a cross complaint,
wherein he alleges: "That plaintiff, Mary
Gooby, is a large and muscular woman,
weighing about twice as much as defend
ant, and physically is able to handle and
abuse said defendant, who is physically a
small, aged and decrepit man of 74 years,
plaintiff being his junior by twenty
years." Gooby avers that his ex-wife has
an ungovernable and desperate disposition
and temper; that she has by stealth and
force taken possession of a room in his
house at Seventh and Linden streets, Oak
land, and within the last six months has
threatened to shoot him if he dared come
near. Wherefore he has been prevented
collecting the rents of his property. John
asks that the Superior Court oust his
former wife. Mary, and order her to leave
him undisturbed in peace and tranquillity.
MUST ANSWER FOR MURDER.
James Gilligan Held for the Killing
of Epperson.
OAKLAND, April B— Recorder Bradford
at Emeryville this afternoon held James
J. Gilligan to answer before the Superior
Court on a charge of murdering Jockey
John Epperson at the Office saloon near
the racetrack last month.
The preliminary hearing commenced be
fore Recorder Bradford at 2 o'clock this
afternoon. Officers Hodgkins and Green
testified that when they arrested the ac
cused* at his San Francisco home* he con
fessed the killing, but said he had done it
in self-defense. P. Droese, a horseman,
testified that at the scene of the murder
he saw Gilligan and Epperson fighting
and that Epperson Was on top, while Gil
ligan held a knife in his hand. ' ,
Decline the Gift of a Building.
ALAMEDA, April B.— Some weeks ago
the Woman's Exchange, desiring to dis
incorporate, offered to present the city its
building on Park street to be converted
into an emergency hospital. Last night
the Board of Health, to whom the offer
was referred by the City Trustees, decided
it would -not accept the building as a gift.
It was found that the expense of moving
the structure to the City Hall lot and re
modeling it for the purpose intended
would be greater than the cost of con
structing a new building. The ladies, of
the exchange are in the somewhat un
usual position of owning a rather com
modious building that they are unable to
give away.
DR. PIERCES REMEDIES.
__*» _^ _■ _r m\ m _r^ * •*• •■"• "W--M _. T/^ W^ ITS RESULTS ARE ___*____>^~' m '^_\i_____
COMMON SENSE ; f "7— t{Wthz%
t^^ a g^ SSi m____________a__9 B_m_____—_—___aa___m an Uncommon Man, 2»L_^ " *"•««*■ "W
J A Doctor Who Practices as well as Preaches. \ I UPI_LMJ-W\
\^^ stmt **myy___^r *_T_\_& I
I %aW_r SL W_lM_h I
FEW medical authors are so well and widely known as Dr. R. V. Pierce, the author! _—^ i*_*_mri__T __■
N —**^- of The People's Common Sense Medical Adviser. An important! BJi^W^|(^#f
factor in the popularity of this work, is suggested by the two central \ pBLWa MW I
words of the title— " Common Sense." It has been the author's aim in 'this work to strip s\_wr M.I
from medical information its useless verbiage and tell the truth in plain English. Fj| jg€
No phrase can better express the secret of Dr. Pierces power or explain his success /MfyMlfj^^
than that brief phrase " Common Sense." The theory formulated by Dr. Pierce that " diseases LfeZZ!^^^_
which originate in the stomach must be cured through the stomach," is a common sense KS|B^H^a|
theory. The alterative medicine, " Golden Medical Discovery," which Dr. Pierce invented to [3^^_HZl^^^^_^^S^|
cure diseases of the stomach and its allied organs, is a common sense medicine. Its cures wtjj^^r^^^^^^^^^
are common sense cures. A foul stomach fouls all the food which is put into it. It is the I BUB
food which is made into life-sustaining blood. The stomach, therefore, which befouls the food 1 \ 9
befouls the blood which is made from the food. Thus, the symptoms indicating foul or impure Sj^^^^^^^^^l^^S
blood are, in general, symptoms indicating a foul or diseased condition of the stomach. Erup- || g3 fa Si 8j
tions, palpitation, weak lungs, sluggish liver, and scores of other diseases have been cured again BUS ||J^~ J'y K> *y ®<M.
and again when Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery has cured the weak stomach and re- fiPffSj
stored the other organs of digestion and nutrition to a condition of healthy activity. The EV B^rf^^m^^^iW^
testimonial which follows is supported by thousands equally ■■ ■•; '■-■". S^MU^IIJiSJLSi W&^iJH
Strong and equally reliable. "Something over two years ago I com- I jßjgljgS
0 x j menced to have an extremely tired, worn-out fl ■ W|^_^_^^|m^^^S^
feeling and kept getting worse," writes Mrs. W kfi S^SrTt^^W^^
«t<?Sj?!wsr-. IFM W " S ' °* Chetopa, Labette Co., Stl BLA En :3s| j| | I §j^k\j& Mm
HR> PIERCED GOLDEN fIEDICAL DISCOVERY _^_ 1111111 ™^
Gives Strength to the Stomach, PURELY VEGETABLE and /filVen A WAV ! I
Purity to the Blood, PERFECTLY HARMLESS. " i A^ a J\ * I
Nourishment to the Nerves, ' Contains no Alcohol, Opium, The Medical Adviser, as shown I
1 " ; _••_»"'«•■_ r " ;»'.-'- ,-, . _,*_ '»r ~y.~u.3~ above, 1008 pages, and over 700 m
Life to the Lungs. Cocaine or other Narcotic. illustrations, is sent free, on «- a
- -■'.'... '■ " "- • _______^^_ .- ceipt of stamps to cover expense I
"^ . '^ " X^ ■■ J^*^ito^l^w^Maai.m.*_l_,_,,x___t'
>v . - '.:--. ■:■■>:■ -::■: -
LAKE MERRITT
CONTRACTOR
SUES RUPPERT
Johnson Is Now After
Heavy Damages.
BRINGS CHARGES OF MALICE
HIS CREDIT INJURED AND THE
DREDGING DELAYED.
• .
H, Seeks to Recover Five Thousand
Dollars From the Defendant
for Harassing ana An
noying Him.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 8.
O. P. Johnson, the contractor for the
dredging of Lake Merritt, late this after
noon filed an answer to . the suit insti
tuted recently against himself and the
city of Oakland by F. W. Ruppert, where
in'the latter seeks to annul the dredging
contract. t ,
The answer, prepared hy Attorney
George K. de Golia, sets forth all pro
ceedings had before the City Council and
Board of Public Works In the matter and
points to the validity of the $55,000 con
tract held by Johnson. City Attorney W.
A. Dow on behalf of the city defendant
has filed a similar answer. Contractor
Johnson at the same time filed suit in the
Superior Court against F. "W. Ruppert for
the recovery of $5009 damages, alleged to
have been sustained by reason of Rup
pert's suit, which he avers was begun ma
liciously and with Intent to injure, harass
and annoy him. Johnson also alleges that
by reason of Ruppert's suit his credit has
been injured and the work of dredging
the lake uselessly delayed.
The Issues now being joined. Attorney
de Golla immediately secured an order
sitting the Ruppert-Johnson suit down
for trial for next Friday, April 14, before
Judge Ellsworth.
The mandamus proceedings instituted
by Contractor Johnson to compel City
Treasurer Gilpin to pay him the first in
stallment and partial payment on the
dredging contract will be heard and prob
ably finally determined before Judge
Greene on Thursday, the day previous.
In the meantime Contractor Johnson
has concluded to go ahead with the dredg
ing of Lake Merritt. „
Ruppert, who originally sued for an in
junction to issue restraining Johnson from
proceeding with the work, is a bartender
on the Alameda side of the estuary, and it
is hinted that some one more influential
and more interested than he is backing
him.
Bikers Collided ""Head On."
OAKLAND. April B.— Truman Lock
wood, aged 23 years, and residing at 758
Sixteenth street, collided with another
cyclist near Fifteenth and Castro streets
this afternoon and sustained an oblique
fracture of the collarbone, for which he
was treated at the Receiving Hospital.
Both men were riding at a high rate of
speed when they collided, and both were
hurled to the ground violently. Lock
wood's bike was wrecked, but the other
man was more fortunate and rode off
without disclosing his Identity.
For Felony Embezzlement.
j OAKLAND, April B.— S. Morris, a drum
mer for an Oakland house, was arrested
! to-night by Sergeant Greene on a charge
of felony embezzlement. His friends
state that he had collected money for his
! house recently while away and was taken
; sick and spent some of the money. His
j bail is fixed at $1000 cash.
TAYLOR DID NOT
ABDUCT THE LADY
WAS AT LIBERTY TO DO AS
SHE PLEASED.
Only Remained at His House to Re
cover From the Effects of a
Spree.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April B.
Joe Taylor denies that he abducted Mrs.
Dottie Bernard. He says the lady has
misrepresented him. and although the
story he tells is not very 'chivalrous the
police detectives declare it to be true.
"I met Mrs. Bernard last Tuesday,"
•said Joe Taylor, "and knowing her cir
cumstances I offered to take her to a Por
tuguese woman who Uvea near me. As
Mrs. Bernard had been drinking the
woman would not take her in, and I let
her go to my. house so that she might
sober up. 1 have known her for ; some
time, becoming acquainted with her
through delivering goods at her house
when she lived with her husband. Her
story that 1 and three others locked her
up for four days is absolutely false, and
she. was at liberty to leave the house any
time she wished. It was while suffering
from the effects of drink that she smashed
the windows, and in order to excuse her
actions she told a story of being abducted,
imprisoned and having to fight fur her
liberty.
"The woman has no home at present,
and is not living with her husband, as she
says. Bernard left his home several
weeks ago on account of his wife's be
havior, and says he will never live with
her again."
The heroine of the alleged abduction is
still In the City Prison and may have to
answer to a charge of vagrancy.
Annual Meeting of Unitarians.
ALAMEDA. April S.— The First Uni
tarian Society of Alameda will hold its
ninth annual meeting next Tuesday even
ing at the - Unitarian church. A new
board of trustees will be elected, and re
ports will be received from the president,
secretary and minister and from* the dif
ferent organizations connected with the
church.
1516
BERKELEY WINS
THE FIRST GAME
OF THE SERIES
Intercollegiate Base
ball Now On.
STANFORD AN EASY FOE
GAVE NO SUPPORT TO LANA
GAN'S SUPEKB PITCHING.
A Listless Contest Which Went to the
University of California ■
By a Score of
4 to 1.
The first game of the series for the in
tercollegiate, baseball championship was
won by the University of California by
a score of 4 to 1. Tho game was a list
less one on both sides, requiring nearly
two hours and a half In its decision.
Lanagan, the pitcher for the Palo Alto
institution of learning, played the whole
game for his team. He struck out ten
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PUre and
Sweet
Is the Skin, Scalp, Hair and
Hands Preserved, Purified
and Beautified by
08SP 1
V SOAP ♦
It removes the cause of disfiguring eruptions, loss of
hair and baby blemishes — viz.: The clogged, irritated,
inflamed or sluggish condition of the PORES. CUTI-
CURA SOAP combines delicate emollient properties de-
rived from CUTICURA, the great skin cure, with the
purest of cleansing ingredients and most refreshing of
flower odors. No other medicated soap ever com-
pounded is to be compared with it for preserving, purify-
ing and beautifying the skin, scalp, hair and hands. No
other foreign or domestic soap, however expensive, is to
be compared with it for all the uses of the toilet, bath
2nd nursery. Thus it combines in ONE SOAP at ONE
PRlCE namely, 25 cents— the best skin and com-
plexion soap, and the best toilet and baby soap in the
world. . . •
BS^^Our baby, when one month old, had a raw place on her neck which
S"^^ spread slowly over the whole face, the face and neck being all raw meat,
. sometimes dry and then wet, and something awful to look at . The way the child
suffered, mother and child never had any rest day or night as it constantly itched,'
and the blood used to flow down her cheeks. We had doctors and went to the
. dispensary without any result. By using part of a bottle of CUTICURA RE-
SOLVENT, three boxes of CUTICURA Ointment and CUTICURA SOAP,
the child was entirely healed. Now she is two years old and has a lovely
•kin, which we can be thankful to CUTICURA REMEDIES and nothing else.
Mrs. EMIL F. GARNJOSS,
231 Nassau Aye., Brooklyn, N. Y.
Speedy Cure Treatment for Itching, Burning, Bcaly Humors. Hot Bath,
with CUTICUBA BOAP to cleans* the skin, gentle anointings with CUTICUBA OINTMENT to heal
the skin, and mild doses of CUTICUBA RESOLVENT to cool the blood. Trice THE SET fil 25*
. or SOAP, 25c.; OINTMENT, 60(3.; RESOLVENT. COc. Sold thronghont the world. POTTER
DRUG A CHEM. CORP.. Sola Prop*, Boston. B<nd for «' Mow to Purify and Beautify Ba.y' 8
*__, Scalp, and Hand,." free to aU mentioning this paper.
men and* allowed but three hits off his
puzzling delivery. Kaarsburg, who was
in the box for the University of Califor
nia, sent the ball squarely across the
plate and trusted to the men behind him.
Unlike its counterpart, football, the
national pastime does not appeal strong
ly to the student bodies of the rival
universities. Each sent a complement of
"'rooters," but there was not the great
outpouring of youth and beauty that
makes Thanksgiving day so memorable
an occasion. Kegents E. A. Denicke and
Pardee fairly beamed on the wearers of
the blue and gold as they sajv them get
the game well within their ;rasp. Last
year Berkeley started bravely, as in this
instance, but the cardinal team then
made it two straight, winning the cham
pionship.
Of the men who played for the first
time in a big game George Fuller made
the best impreslon. He fielded his posi
tion at second base brilliantly, covering
a lot of ground in clever style. With
McLaren he made the only double play
of the game. He was weak at bat, the
only place he showed nervousness.
Hunter, California's center fielder,
brought in the first two runs. Mem and
Swan were on the bases in the third in
ing, when Hunter hit to deep center. The
field was full of athletes hurrying hither
and thither, and out of all the confusion
Mem and Swan thundered across the
plate. The men from across the bay at
once scented victory and never lost
their confidence thereafter.
No one scored again until the seventh
Inning. Mem was sent to first on four
balls. "Monk" Chesebrough was the
next batter up. He hit the ball, which
dropped in front 'of the plate. Catcher
Swindells overthrew to first. On this
misplay. Mem scored, while Chese
brough reached third. He scored on Mc-
Laren's hit to shortstop, which was fum
bled. This ended the scoring for Califor
nia. - .'■.
Lougheed scored for Stanford in the
eighth, slaving the Cardinal from being
shut out. He was sent to first, stole sec
ond and third and scored when the ball
was fumbled at second in an effort to
catch Carson.
Joe Corbett. who coached University of
California, was cheered by the team 'and
its followers at the conclusion of the
game.
The game was played on the Sixteenth
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 9, 1599.
and Folsom street -grounds of Mechan
ics' Institute. In anticipation of the oc
casion the grand stand had been painted
and the fences brightened with white
wash. The score:
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA.
AB. R. BH. SB- PO. A. E.
Mem. r. f....; 4 .200000
Chesebrough, c 6 1 1 1 4 \ 0
McLaren, 3d b 4 0 1 0 3 S 0
Swan, s. s 4 10 12 3 1
Hamlin, Ist b. ....... 3 0 0 0 13 0 0
Hunter, c. i 3 0 1 1 1 0 1
Kaarsburg, p 2 0 0 0 0 2 0
Incidental to the Intercollegiate Baseball Game.
Fuller, 2d b 4 0 0 0 2 2 1
Wolf, I. f 4 0 0 0 3 10
Totals 33 4 3 3 27 12 3
STANFORD UNIVERSITY.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
Ftrohn. 2d b •■.. 4 0 10 2 2 1
Murphy, c. f 4 0 «1 0 1 0 0
Lr.urshwil. p.s 2 1113 2 1
Carson. Ist b 4 0.1 0 6 0 1
Swindells, c 3 0 1 0 12 l 2
Crandall, 1. f 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Lanapan, p 2 0 0 0 0 4 0
("handier, r. f 3 0 0 0 0 1 l
Edwards, 3d b 4 0 10 3 10
Totals 30 1 6 1 27 11 6
RUNS BY INNINGS.
University of Cal 0 0300020 o—4
Stanford University 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 o—l
First base on errors — University of California,
6; Stanford, 2. First base on called balls —
University of California. 4; Stanford. 5. Left
on bases— University of California 8; Stanford.
8. Struck out— By Kaarsburg. 3: by Lanagan,
10. Hit by pitcher Hamlin and Hunter. Dou
ble play — McLaren to Fuller. Passed palls—
Swindells, 2; Chesebrough, 1. Wild pitch—
Lanagan. Time of game — 2:18. Umpire
James. McDonald. Scorer— Bud Haslacher.
PRUNE-PICKERS
PLAY IN HARD
LUCK AND LOSE
Oakland Colts Cap
ture a Game.
BOTH TEAMS BAT FREELY
SAN JOSE LEADS IN FIELDING
BUT IS UNFORTUNATE,
Fireman Fitzpatrick Has the Wat
sonvilie Leaders at His Mercy
and Uncle's Men Win
1 in a Walk.
With the season only two weeks old.
Unhappy J. McGucken finds his cup of
sorrow stacked up and slopping over like
a schooner of sharp steam drawn by an
amateur. For the wretched young man
journeyed up from San Jose with his co
horts yesterday and the bunch went
down to defeat before the Oakland Colts,
the last bulletin giving the list of causal
ties as 5 to 4, with the Gardeners on the
wrong end.
Defeat.in itself is not so hitter to Un
happy—that is, honorable defeat— but to
lose such a contest In the manner in
which it was lost was too much for him.
He and his pals batted just as hard as
the others; they only committed one er
ror, while nine able-bodied bungles were
divided among their opponents. In the
matter of bases on balls presents were
evenly divided, and, besides, two of the
visitors were "soaked in the slats," get
ting their base in that manner, yet not
withstanding the chances all seemed in
their favor, Oakland got the runs and
the game. Eleven San Jose men left on
bases to five for Oakland tells the Story
in part.
The other part is explained by a drive
L. Hardie, champion clam digger and
chowder concoctor, touched off in the
third inning, which ordinarily- would
have been a single, but the ball took a
high bound over Dalrymple's head, let
ting Moskiman home from second and
placing Hardie on third, from where he
tallied a moment later on a strong arm
throw by Kleiber, who has closed up his
sausage factory and appears to have been
reveling on his stock. That, together
with another of the San Jose shortstop's
plays later on, when he reached second,
played well off the bag and became so
badly foundered that he couldn't get back
and was tagged out, completes the tale of
disaster to the prune pickers.
Borchers did the pitching for San Jose
and had fairly good control, though less
speed than he usually uses. Dalrymple
in left field and at bat showed up strong,
but his great hit was on the coaching
line., where he gave a fine Imitation of
Joe Storms' singing the Toreador song
from "Carmen"' at the Chutes. Dalrym
ple shattered the roof of the grandstand,
as well as the nerves of the lady spec
tators, with his voice, but he can play
ball all right.' Anderson at second put
up a better game than' he did when here
with Seattle,, while Kleiber goes after
everything in sight with never a thought
of his record. : .y;v-'
Oakland presented somewhat of a mis
fit aggregation, the team being materi
ally weakened by the absence of Murphy
at first and the substitution of Moskiman.
Murphy is a fine ball player, but he has
a commercial position which prevents
him from playing during the week, and
before the season is much older Mana
ger Ewing will find he is badly handi
capped in having to play his change
pitcher at first on Saturday.
In the third inning Donovan sprained
his ankle and was compelled to retire
from the game in favor of Dunleavy.
Each team did all its run-getting in
two innings. Oakland plucked three in
the second, when L. Hammond, the first
man up, worked Borchers for a pass.
Borland sent a hot one down to Hanlon,
which caromed on his shins and roiled
back of second. Anderson got lt and slid i
into the bag on his wishbone, beating
Borland, who had kept on around. Mos
kiman tore off : a double, sending Ham
mond home, the batter following him in
on that fluke triple of Hardle's. Shea flew
to Hanlon and Donovan shot a scorcher
at Kleiber. Fatty made a grand pick-up,
but threw over Hanlon's head and Clam
juice Lou continued his Cakewalk to the
plate. Schmeer flew to Anderson.
The prune pickers took one in the third.
Foley opened with a single and stole sec
ond, and Anderson hit a grounder to
Shea, who threw to third to head Foley
off, but Lange dropped the ball and both
runners were safe: Anderson started down
to second and Catcher Hammond snapped
the ball over to Lange to nip Foley, who
was playing well off the bag. The ball
got away and Foley scored, but Borland
got the sphere and caught Anderson at
the plate. Dalrymple hit to Shea, who
threw to Moskiman. and the batter went
to second on the flrst baseman's muff.
Hanlon flew to Borland and L. Hammond
fielded Kleiber out at the initial.
With two men out in the fourth, the
Colts fell upon Borchers' delivery and
made him wish he was the iceman.
Hardie, Shea and Dunleavy got singles,
Hardie scoring on the latter's drive. A
passed ball let Shea in, but Schmeer end
ed the trouble by going out at first on a
punt to Eagan.
San Jose did its great stick work and
rungetting in the seventh. McGucken led
off with a single and Foley advanced him
to second on his out at flrst. Anderson
sent a single out to Borland, who let the
ball get away from him. McGucken scor
ing and Anderson taking second, from
1 where he scored on Dalrymple's double.
Hanlon was assisted out at first by Lange
Dal going to third. He kept on toward
home, but was headed off, though he
managed to score after, being chased up
and down the line a Half dozen times.
Kleiber wo;*, a single and was fol
lowed by Eagan with another. -Klei
ber Overran second and then stopped
while Dunleavy fielded the ball to the
plate and Hammond sent it back to sec
ond again in time to put Kleiber out.
That ended the run getting and the
score was as follows:
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Donovan, c. f 2.0 11 l 1 l
Schmeer. s. s 4 0 10 12 2
I^inge, 3 b 4 0 2 0 2 3 2
W. Hammond, c 4 0 10 5 2 0
L. Hammond, 2 b... 2 1 0 1 3 3 0
Borland. 1. f 4 0 0 0 2 11
Moskiman. 1 b 4 1 1 0 12 0 1
Hardie, r. f 3 2 2 0 0 0 0
Shea, p 3 12 0 15 1
Dunleavy, c. f 2 0 110 11
Totals 32 5 11 8 27 IS 9
SAN JOSE.
AB. R. RH. SB. PO. A. E.
McGucken, c. f 5 1 1 0 2 1 0
Foley, r. f 5 12 110 0
Anderson, 2 b 5 12 0 2 2 0
Dalrymple, I. f 4 12 0 10 0
Hanlon, 1 b 5 0 0 0 10 4 0
Kleiber, s. s 4 0 10 2 3 1
Eagan, 3 b 5 0 2 118 0
Borchers, p 4' 0 0 0 1 1 0
Kent, c 2 0 10 4 10
Totals »39 4 11 2 24 15 1
RUNS BT INNINGS.
Oakland 0 3020000*— 5
Base hits 1 2 13 10 3 0 «-ll
San Jose 0 01000300—4
Base hits 2 2 10 10 5 0 o—ll
SUMMARY. y . 7
Runs responsible for— Shea, 1: Borchers, 3.
Three-base hit— Hardie. Two-base hits—Dono
van. Moskiman, Dalrymple. Sacrifice hitßor
land. First base on errors— Oakland, 1; San
Jose, 5. First base on called balls Oakland. 2;
San Jose, 2. . Left on bases— Oakland. 5; San
Jose, 11. Struck out— By Shea. 4; by Borchers,
3. Hit by pitcher— Kleiber. Dalrvmple. Double
plays — Anderson to Kleiber to Hanlon: Eagan
to Hammond to Kleiber: Hanlon to Kleiber to
Borchers. Passed ball— Kent. Time of game —
Two hours. Umpire— Creamer. Official scorer
— StaP!eton ' . a
«. _
To-Day's Game.
Oakland and San Jose will meet again
to-day at Recreation Park, when both
teams will put up their strongest men.
Moskiman will pitch for Oakland, while
Andrews will perform for the prune
pickers. Oakland will be strengthened by
Murphy at first and a close and exciting
contest is assured. The make-up:
Oakland. Position. San Jose.
W. Hammond C Kent
Moskiman P Andrews
Murphy 1 B Hanlon
L. Hammond 2 B Anderson
Lange 3 8.. Ea***an
Schmeer S. S Kleiber
Borland....' L. F Palrymplo
Donovan C. F McOueken
Hardie R. F Foley
Fireman Fitz Did It.
WATSONVILLE, . April S.-Hank Har
ris' aggregation of hard hitting tail
enders laid low the lofty aspirations of
Manager Struve's collection of prize
' "sugar beets" at Porter's Park to-day.
The Watsonvillians certainly had a bad
offday, while Uncle Hank's men swatted
almost everything that came their way.
Fireman Fitzpatrick pitched great ball,
while his opponent, Harper, was touched
up at a lively rate by the 'Frisco lads.
The umpiring was done by Ham Iberg
and Jimmie Whalen, Donahue having
failed to make connections, .and while
both gentlemen no doubt did their best,
still great dissatisfaction was manifested
by the fans. The league managers
should see that all games are umpired by
an official umpire, one whose command
of the diamond will be supreme. Below is
the score: *
WATSONVILLE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Franks, 2 b 4 1 0 0 2 .6 1
McCarthy, 3 b 3 0 0 0 0 11
Courtney, s. a 3 0 0 0 2 13
Selna, 1 Yr 4 0 10 7 0 1
Plake, c. t 3 110 2 0 1
Morrow, c • 3 110 8 0 1
Hayes, 1. t 3 0 0 110 1
Lawler, r. 1 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
Harper, p 4 0 0 0 17 1
Totals ...31 » 8 1 24 15 10
SAN FRANCISCO, y *.:y
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Pyne, 1. f 4 0 10 3 10
Riley, 3 b.. 5 110 3 10
Krug. s. s 5 12 0 14 2
Sullivan, 1 b 3 2 0 0 13' 0 1
Hilderbrandt, r. f... 8 0 00 1 0.0
Muller, c. f 4 2 1110 1
O'Neil, 2 b 4 0 2 0 13 2
Hartman. c... 4 110 4 2 1
Fitzpatrick, p 3 2 10 050
Totals 35 9 9 1 27 16 7
SCORE BT INNINGS.
Watsonvilie .....1 0 0 .0 0 0 0 0 2—3
Base hits 10 0 0 0 0 10 I—3
San Francisco 0 3,2 2 0 0 2 0 •—
Base hits .0 3 2 2 0 10 1 •—
SUMMARY.
Three-base Plake. Bases on balls—Wat
sonvilie, 2; San Francisco, 2. Sacrifice hits-
McCarthy, Fitzpatrick. Pyne, Sullivan. Hit by
pitcher— Courtney. Struck — By Harper. 4:
by Fitzpatrick, 4. Passed Morrow. Time
of game— l:4o. ' Umpires— lberg and Whalen.
Scorer— Peckham. Left on Watsonvilie,
4; San Francisco, 4.
Lobsters Lose and Protest.
SACRAMENTO, April B.— The Senators
won from the Santa Cruz team to-day
by a score of 4 to 2. The game was well
contested from start to finish and was
witnessed by about a thousand people.
The feature was a long backward run
ning catch by Cameron. The field work
was as a whole of high order. The man
ager of the Santa Cruz team filed a pro
test to the game, giving as a reason that
Hughes, who has signed with Jhe Brook
lyris. and leaves for the East to-morrow,
was allowed to play. Score:
SACRAMENTO.
_, , AB.' R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
Doyle, c. f 5 0 10 2 0 0
Hughes, p 5 110 0 2 0
Stanley, c 4 10 0 5 3 0
Lockhead, s. s 5 12 12 3 0
Shanahan, Ist b 4 0 0 1 9 0 1
Walker, 1. f 110 0 3 0 0
Sheehan, 3d b 3 0 10 10 0
Beck with, r. f 4 0 0 0 0 0 1
Reitz, 2d b 3 0 0 0 4 3 0
Totals 34 4 6 2 26 11 1
SANTA CRTS—
—,, AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Williams, s. 8 5 0 12 111
Donlin, p 4 0 10 2 2 0
Pace, c 4 0 3 0 5 0 0
Devereaux, 3d b 3 0 0 0 2 1 1
Clark, Ist b 4 0 10 7 0 2
Streib, 1. f 3 0 1 0 S 0 2
Cameron, c. t 3 10 0 10 0
Arellanes, 2d b 4 0 10 2 2 2
Burge, r. t 3 0 0 110 0
Totals 83 1 8 3 24 8 ~8
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 110 0 2 0 0 •— 4
Base hits- 0 0 2 10 10 1 •—
Santa Cruz o 0 0 10 0 0 0 o—2
Base hits 2 0 0 11111 I—B
Runs responsible for— Hughes, 1; Donlin, 2.
Three-base hits— Pace, Hughes. Sacrifice hits—
Shanahun, Sheehan. Base on errors—Sacra
mento. 5; Santa Cruz, 2. Base on balls— Off
Hughes, 2; off Donlin, 4. Deft on bases—Sac
ramento, 9; Santa Cruz, 8. Struck out— By
Hughes, 5: by Donlin, 4. Hit by pitcher-
Walker, Reitz, Devereaux. Time of game l:4s.
Umpire— Rube Levy. Scorer— G. A. Griffin.
Sarsfield's Anti-Inflammation Salve will
cure deep abscesses and all inflammatory
swellings. All diseases of this character
yield quickly to its influence. Druggists.*
Improving Precita Valley.
At a meeting of the Pr.-< Ita Valley Im
provement Club last night at Graham's
Hall on Alabama street, J. B. Vizzard.
the president of the club, stated that it
was the Intention of the residents of the
valley to "stay" with the proposition of
having Bernal Park filled in and planted
with grass and shrubs if it took them
the balance of their lifetimes. This small
favor had been promised the people of
the valley by every Board of Supervisors
while in power for the last six years.
Now that there has been an appropriation
made and the contract conditionally
awarded the people demand a fulfillment
of the promise made to them. Following
Sole Agents for
v Maggioni Kid Gloves
\ Conceded, by those who know, to be
the best wearing and best fitting
gloves ever made.
Summer Wash Goods
This season particularly our wash goods de-
partment abounds with desirable styles in
pretty materials for waists and skirts.
The weather is beginning to emphasize the
need of light spring and summer goods.
Striped Pique'
Striped white and colored pique' is very popular this
season for either waists or skirts. We sell good qualities
in a great variety of stripes for
2 5 c » 35 c > 50C up to 75c a yard.
Indian Dimity
Imported, all colors in stripes and dots, twenty nine
inches wide
25c a yard
A Ribbon Bargain
Several odd lines of fancy stripes and checks in taffeta
and satin ribbons in all the desirable colors.
Also plain black moire', grenadine and satin striped black
silk ribbons from 3 to 5 inches wide suitable for neck rib-
bons or sashes; both reduced from 35c a yard to
20c
Just arrived— spring styles in hosiery and under-
wear — inspection invited .
Goods now on display in our windows.
125 to 131 Kearny St.
Painless Dentistry.
m|^tj Fillings - .- 50 cts
jrafflW Crowns " " $3.50
JrlM,i*«
W_ w ALL WORK
.^l3* ™ WARRANTED. .
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS,
24Sixth *» Cor. Stevenson.
ADVERTISEMENTS. , . _
LADIES 5 UNDERWEAR
DEPARTMENT.
A CHOICE AND COMPLETE STOCK.
j : ■
LADIES' WASHABLE SHIRT WAISTS, in Percales, Cheviots,
Lawns, -Madras and Tissues,
50c to $3 Each.
LADIES' SILK SHIRT WAISTS, very latest shapes, all the new
colorings, also Blacks,
$6 to $15 Each.
LADIES' TAFFETA SILK SKIRTS, all the new colorings, also
Black, with ruffled and pleated flounces,
$3.50 to $25 Each.
LADIES' SILK MOREEN SKIRTS, in Stripes and Rainbow
Effects, also Blacks and all the new colorings, both ruffled,
corded and with Spanish flounces,
$4.50 to $7.50 Each.
LADIES' BLACK AND COLORED ENGLISH WOOL MOREEN
SKIRTS, in an elegant variety,
$2 to $5 Each.
LADIES' WASHABLE SKIRTS, new styles, in Crashes, Ducks,
Cheviots and Striped Sateens,
75c to $3 Each.
We have also received five cases LADIES' MUSLIN UNDER-
WEAR, all the latest styles, with lace and embroidery trim-
ming, which we will offer at very reasonable prices ; and we
carry a most complete stock of all the standard makes of Cor-
sets, both foreign and domestic manufacture.
im a\W mSL Tar^ <z/Jl CPtir Q*_xft
111, 113, 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
this improvement the club, through its
executive committee, will ask to have
York street, Potrero avenue, Hamshire
and Bryant streets continued from Twen
ty-sixth to Army street. By this contem-
Elated work the offensive swamps owned
by M. P. Jones, who will not aid in im
Ninety-Nine Times
In a hundred
Eye-Glasses
Are not comfortable because they pinch, or
slip or tilt. Our new clip don't. Can be at-
tached to any old one for 50 cents; cost noth-
ing on a new one.
Oculists' prescriptions filled.
Factory on premises. Quick repairing.
Phone Main 10. _____
nPTICIANS'o jTaph |CAPPARAT^.
642 Market St^ instruments
N juuut cAeajci.ft.Bvuiy C- *""
proving the valley, will be filled in and
the swamp nuisance abated.
It was suggested that in the event of
the extending of the panhandle of Gold
en Gate Park going before the people on
a vote that sufficient funds be included in
the loan to improve all outside suburban
districts, including the extension of Fol
som and Alabama streets to Cortland
avenue.
Sbarboro & Co., grocers, formerly of 531
"Washington street, have removed to 621 Mont
gomery, near Washington. •
HELD FOR MURDER.
Mrs. Minnie Adams Will Have to
Answer Before the Super:* or Court.
Mrs. Minnie Adams, charged with ad
ministering carbolic acid to her child with
intent to poison him, was yesterday held
to answer before the Superior Court by
acting Police Judge Barry on the charge
of murder without bail.
When the case was called Attorney
Guilfoyle for the defendant said they
would not put in any defense, and the
Judge at once delivered his Judgment
holding that there was sufficient evidence
to send the case before a jury in the Su
perior Court.
Ladles' tailor-made suits, 'fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothschild. 211 Sutter, rooms 6-7.
Rincon Parlor Boycotted.
The members of Rincon Parlor No. 73,
N. S. G. W., are of the opinion that the
Labor Union took an advantage of them
when it declared a boycott on the picnic
at Glenwood Grove, Santa Cruz, on Sun
day next.
What led to the trouble between the two
bodies Is explained by the Native Sons of
Rincon Parlor thus: They say they did
not know that the Native Sons' band was
a non-union organization at the time it
was engaged to play at the picnic; had
they known this they would not have en
gaged it; but after It was so engaged the
musicians who belong to the union did
not remonstrate or even draw the atten
tion of the officers of the parlor to the
error. On the contrary, without any no
tice whatever, the Labor Union declared
a boycott against the parlor's proposed
outing.
Flor De Heyneman.
Finest pure Havana cigar on the mar
ket. First class stores have them on sale.
If your dealer does not carry them, send
us three dollars for box of twenty-five
Flor de Heyneman Deliciosas, expressage
prepaid. State color wanted. Money re
funded to you if cigars not satisfactory
Heyneman, Brown & Co., 117 and 119 Pine
street, sole agents. •
CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME.
SPECIAL THIS WEEK :
3 PIECE BEDROOM A If) rft
SET, in oak, bevel WJ/i3U
mirror •.-•-.- ■-*«
OUR STOCK OF PILLOWS. BLAN-
KETS, COMFORTERS; ETC., IS AS
FIXE— "WITH PRICES AS CHEAP— AS
ANYWHERE.
\
CREDIT ENABLES TOU TO SEIZE
ALL BARGAIN OPPORTUNITIES.
•J-''-y [£'.]■-' : - r. - '".--'.•'_'■ '.''. "'■■'• '■" '■-•'. '.'■ "''''•■*:'. v:--;-' ;
THE J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
1017-1023 MISSION STKEET,
flbove Slxtb-
Phone South 14. Open E-eningi.THE Sunday Edition CALL.
EXCITING LEVEE-CUTTING ON THE SAN JOAQUIN
aoooooo 00000000O 00000000 0000000000000
o 1 »
O During the recent heavy rainstorms ana" the consequent O
O rise of the rivers along the Lower San Joaquin Valley guards O
O arrr*ed with Winchesters patrolled the levees to prevent any O
O tamperiog with the embar)Krr)ents. #
O O
0000000000000000000000000000000000000
OF the millions of fertile acres of the
San Joaquin and Sacramento val
leys, the great wheat raising areas
cf California, hy far the most pro
ductive are the reclaimed districts
vast leveed islands that before the
advent of the steam oredger were swamps
of tulei* during the low water season and
extensive inland lakes from February to
Aug
Big fortunes have been spent In raising
the big levees of dirt that exclude the
water? of the river from the nearly bound
less areas of growing grain. But if the
land has cost millions to reclaim it has
proved a profitable investment, for never
were better and bigger crops raised than
have been grown on these old tule
swamps.
Sand and water are treacherous, how
ever, and although wondrous wealth has
been realized from the reclaiming of these
inland sea**, many a prosperous farmer
and speculator have been ruined by the
breaking of the levees. 1. is upon these
islands that farmers at sunset may be
possessed of growing crops of almost in
estimable value and at sunrise may . be
thankful for a rowboat with which to save
their lives from the turbulent, muddy sea
that has engulfed all their possessions
within a few hours.
The times of danger are during the
months of May and June, when the riv
ers, swollen by the melting snows in the
Sierra Nevada Mountains, rise to the tops
The Princess Died of a Broken Heart,
Says Colonel Macfarlane.
THE Princess Kaiulani prayed to
death? Nonsense." hotly asserts
Colonel Macfarlane, "the kind of
exaggerated rumor, based on native
tradition, . that always gets afloat
when a royal personage dies. Yes,
1 know the things that were whispered
when her mother. Princess Kikelike, died,
and though there was probably no truth
■ in current reports they undoubtedly had
pome justification in the doings of older
<days. '"yy.
• "Many a great chief has been prayed to
death by witch kahunas, with 'the aid of
certain subtle poisons of which they knew
the secret; a decoction of dried fern tips,
for instance, is supposed to have deadly
effect without leaving any trace. At any
rate there was no medical analysis in
those times. But Kaiulai
..The colonel suddenly breaks off with a
quiver in his voice.
"Kaiulani.'' he continues, impressively,
after a moment's silence, 'was adored by
her people; her death is the greatest blow
that could have befallen them; with her
their last hopes are buried. There. is not
a native in the islands who could have
•wished to compass that sweet girl's
d<-ath."
"Then it is not true that some of them
resented her attitude toward annexa
tion.
The colonel sits up energetically: .
"Every one admired her attitude; they
could not do otherwise. Her dignity, her
pathetic resignation, her silent sorrow,
appealed to all. The natives loved her for
her quiet, steadfast sympathy with their
woe. her uncomplaining endurance of her
own; the whites admired her for her
stately reserve, her queenly display of all
necessary courtesy, while holding herself
aloof from all undue intimacy. All were
attracted by her sweetness .and grace; it
was impossible not to love her."
Here the speaker breaks off again,
catching his breath. All San Francisco
knows Colonel Macfarlane, ex-Queen
L>illuokalani's confidential adviser and
.representative; the suave man of - the
. world.
"Her photographs give you but a faint
' idea of what she really was." he adds,
, presently. "No photograph could indicate
. her graceful winsomeness. Though she
- could not afford to dress as became her
• .rank, she always looked exquisitely
' dressed. People used to say that if she
of the protecting banks and threaten to
break over on the growing crops. At such
times the levees are patrolled day and
night by hundred.-* of men armed with
shovels and bags, and oftentimes with
Winchester rifles, for sometimes the land
holder on a reclamation district has quite
as much to fear from his neighbor on the
other side of the river as from the ele
ments themselves.
.The reason is evident. As soon as the
water is allowed, by th* breaking of the
levee, to flow over one island the pressure
is instantly relieved on the upraised banks
that protect the shore opposite and be
low the break. It thus may sometimes
become a matter of self-preservation with
an owner of reclaimed land to assist the
water In breaking the levee that incloses
some one else's growing crops. •
In the history of the reclamation dis
tricts there is no instance of any one be
ing discovered in the act of cutting a
levee; but there are many accounts of the
strongest, best-protected levees giving
way in a mysterious manner.
In some instances men have been so
strongly suspected of interfering with the
big banks that they have been charged in
the courts with maliciously destroying
property: but no convictions have ever
been secured against the suspected
parti
In the spring of 1890 the rivers were
higher than at any time since the floods
of IS6I. In the preceding winter snow fell
in enormous quantities in the Sierras.
The early spring was cold, but about the
middle of May the weather turned warm.
The snow was melted rapidly and the
rivers soon raised nearly to the tops of
got hold of a few yards of material and
wound them about her she would contrive
to look fashionably attired. She had the
dignity of an English aristocrat and the
grace of a crpole. It is not the case that
she was a three-quarter caste; she was
a pure half-caste, wholly native on her
mothers side. But her early seclusion
and her English training had made her
different from others, and she was thor
oughly English in her ideas and ambi
tions. She had not a trace of native su
perstition left.
"As for being afraid of death, the poor
girl did not even suspect her danger; none
of us did."
"Except the doctors?"
"No, not the doctors till the very last;
one of them. Indeed, was very nervous,
and he must have confided his fears to
some newspaper man, who sent the re
port on to San Francisco. But our friend
Dr. Walters, who fought for her life as
he would for his own, who mourned his
patient as he would mourn his child,
never gave up hope until the lasr. Had I
had any thought that her days were num
bered I would have begged for a short in
terview to gain some idea of her dying
wishes; but even on the last day Dr.
Walters had not given up hope; he was
only desperately anxious. You see, they
knew, if the heart were not attacked,
they could save her, but the heart was
her weak organ, had been for some years,
and of course the disease found it out,
then all was over."
"And the heart weakness was in
herited?'" *.• .''-'?.»*"';'■"
"The heart weakness," said the colonel,
slowly, "was the result of shock; the di
rect consequence. of the blow that struck
the young girl of scarce 19 when a cable
gram announced that her promised king
dom had been wrenched away from her.
It was utterly unanticipated", and she
never got over it. Till then she had taken
little notice of the politics of the hour;
all her energies had been concentrated on
study, on qualifying for the queenly role
she was to assume upon her aunt's de
mise. She aspired to he a .model queen,
with modern ideas; to rule her people for
their happiness, welfare and progress; to
convert her small kingdom into a. worthy
little sister of the more advanced king
doms of our day. Her whole life had been
devoted to this end. As a child she was
kept apart from - other children, mixing
with them, only by condescension, never
allowed for a moment to forget the part
she was to play. As a young girl, at an
English school, she was not as others;
she bad her own governess, her own sys
tem of training, her own studies, peculiarly
calculated to fit her for her position. Sud
denly the raison d'etre of her life was
snatched away and friends crowded round
condoling with her. as a fallen. Princess.
Could you expect . her not to suffer
keenly?" ' • '-•
"But still, up to the time of the Span
ish-American war. and the consequent
annexation, she was, like Liliuokalani.
buoyed Up by hope?"*
"No. I Liliuokalani hoped on till the very
eve of annexation, but KaiulanL lost hope
the moment she set foot again on her na
tive soil. For a time she undoubtedly was
buoyed up. Mr. Davis,- her guardian, was
confident that truthful representation to
authority would set matters right, and
the Princess went with him to America,
full of faith in American justice. Her
beauty, grace and sweetness completely
won Mrs. Cleveland's heart, the President
was charmed with her— how could it be
otherwise? And Mr. Davis* representa
tions put matters before President Cleve
land in a new light. He became aware
of abuses which he had not suspected;, he
promised to do all rie could in the inter
ests of Princess Kaiulani. and he was as
good as his word. Mr. Blount was dis
patched to Hawaii. with orders to look
into matters impartially, and the results
of his investigations were very, prejudicial
to president Dole and confreres.
"Then Mr. Willis was sent with orders,'
which, duly carried out, would have made
matters straight for the monarchy.. But
Mr. Willis did not carry out his orders.
When Kaiulani returned to Hawaii and
saw how things stood hope died within
her. The mischief that .the cablegram
began was then accentuated; -her heart
weakness became notorious.
"Was It apparent to others? Yes, in
deed," and the colonel's quiet voice trem
bles. ."I had evidence enough of her. heart
i weakness and heart sickness in ; my last
': talk with her, the day she. parted -with
i Liliuokalani. They little, thought .it was
a final parting, but it. was* none , the. less
! pathetic* The ; boat was - delayed, and
j though the hour y was late - and
i Kaiulani delicate, | she refused to
' leave, and stayed on board some.. flve
• hours to see the last of her aunt. Any
i heart must have been touched at sight of
those two royal ! women clinging together
jin their* fallen dignity. .'. I- was trying to'
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, APRIL 9, 1899.
console Kaiulani with some cheerful pros
pects. . 'All has not been taken from you.'
I; said. 'The American. Government re
spects your position and will help you to
keep it up. Your aunt will receive an in
come' that will still enable her to live as
an ex-Queen. You will still be able to live
as an Princess; your. birth and antece
dents will never, be .forgotten, and you
will remain, leader, of society here,' the
first lady in. the.land.'
' "'.Yes,', she answered me, with a tired
smile,'- 'but I -shan't be much of a. real
Princess, shall *1? They haven't left me
much to live for!' And as- she spoke she
caught- her hand to her side and I could
see the: rapid* beating of her heart. 'I
don't talk about it,* she. went on; 'I try
not' to - grieve my father, .'who watches
over me so devotedly apd seeks to make
up to me with his love for all I have lost.
For' his sake I try. not to mind— to appear
bright and happy; but I think my heart
is. broken.'.' ; . .' .
'■■ "Then she remembered herself as a
Princess.- 'There is one last thing I should
like , to '• say,* she. .added, 'whatever my
aunt attempts to . do. whatever she wishes
or approves, . I am with; her. Ah Liliuo
kalanl's decisions- will* have my adhesion
and signature.' "
And so ; this ', girl of ■23 turned back to
the levees. At that time there were 30,000
acres of grain just commencing to head
out on Union Island alone. Roberts Isl
and, also grain covered, lay opposite
across the rising, threatening river. The
water rose eleven feet over the banks of
the river and it became a question of
which levee, the Roberts or the Union,
would break first and relieve the pressure.
The Union Island banks were higher
and stronger than the levees on Roberts
Island and on the west side. Neverthe
less. 700 men were employed to guard the
big banks of Union Island. Every guard
carried a gun and was given strict orders
to shoot down". the lirst man seen prowl
ing around the levees at night or inter
fering with them in any way during the
daytime.
One of these guards was "Doc" Wash
ington, now City Justice of Stockton.
The steamer Mary B. Williams was
kept constantly patrolling. the levee from
the outside. The \ boat -carried hundreds
of bags of sand and the weakest places
of the strong levee were bulkheaded with
the sacked material at every point that
showed the. least signs of weakening.
As the danger increased the precautions
were redoubled. No more men could be
secured, but those employed were re
quired to Work day and night. They re
ceived from 50 cents to $1 an hour for
their services. Whisky in barrels was
placed on the. levee and It was given to
the tired; and chilled men by the dipper
ful.
May 20th it became apparent that the
levee on Roberts Island would surely go
during the night. The 700 guards on Un
ion Island felt secure and cheerful. It was
only a question of minutes -when Roberts
Island would be under water, and Union
Island would be safe.
Along about. 2 o'clock on the morning
of May 2lst the guards on Union Island
heard a dull explosion on the levee near
what is known as the Pif scadero grant
cut. Before any of them could make a
move the roaring of the water told them
the astounding news that, despite their
Was. Near hy When the Unhappy Kaiu
lani Passed Away.
the society where she was but a mock
Princess, to the natives among whom she
might never play her queenly part. Back
to the artificial life and the make-believe
cheerfulness and resignation; back to the
cavalcade and the picnic. at Mr. Parker's
on the island Of Hawaii, where, answer
ing the remonstrances of those who
wished to shield her from the elements,
she pleaded. "What does it matter; what
have I to live for?" Back to that couch
where she tossed about, delirious, crying
aloud to the doctors to mitigate her tor
ture, and, finally, with one last glance to
her despairing father, one last passionate
cry. of "Mother!" she passed away to the
land of heartsease!
"It was the most dreadful shock to us
all, even to people who did not know her
personally." says Colonel Macfarlane.
"She had so endeared herself and her story
was so pitiful. Her funeral procession, at
dead of night, when she was removed
from her own' beautiful home to the old
church; where she was to lie in state for
another day, was the most pathetic, trag
ic, effective scene that can be imagined.
Words cannot describe it, but those who
were present will never forget it. Brown
and white were there to do her honor.
The natives thronged the. grounds, light
ing up the midnight darkness with their
torches. Above, jin a quiet room, away
from the native demonstrations of grief,
two or three of us stayed with the broken
down father, trying to' get him away be
fore the body was moved, for we knew
that as soon as the procession was form
ing .the native dirge would break out in
full force and the scene would be heart
rending. But vhe was " not to be moved
till he had once more stood face to face
with his dead. And so at last he had to
have* his way. He entered the death
chamber, the kahili bearers and mourners
were removed and Mr. < Leghorn was alone
for fifteen minutes with his dead— l think
I may say his murdered daughter. When
he came out—
The colonel stops abruptly. For some
minutes he had been furtively ! winking
away moisture from his eyes, now he
abandons pretense and; uses his handker
chief openly. "I cannot help it," he says,
simply. "I never can think of that now
without my eves filling: nobody could.
Strong men as we were, we were all sob
bing with sympathy for the broken-heart
ed father of the girl we had loved so well.
vigilance, their own levee had been cut
and that the water was pouring in on
them.
A charge of dynamite had been exploded
in the big bank. The water had instantly
enlarged the small opening to a bad break,
and before sunrise a gap over 300 feet
wide had been made in the levee. For
two months the rich land of Union Island
remained under ten feet of water. It is
impossible to estimate the enormous dam
age that was done. The crops on Roberts
Island were saved.
In 1893 three attempts were made to cut
the levee on Staten Island. The last trial
succeeded and 10,000 acres were flooded.
Twice the armed guards had heard the
levee cutters at work in the night. One
of the patrolmen had fired on a prowler;
but despite the precautions the marauder
accomplished his task and succeeded in
saving the land on the opposite side of
the river.
Roberts Island was flooded in 1884, U"RS
and again in 1893. Grand Island has been
flooded several times, and Bouldin Island
but once.
• During late years it has been found nec
essary to patrol all levees during periods
of high water, and assessments are regu
larly levied on the reclamation districts
to raise money to pay the salaries of the
patrolmen.
There have been no bad floods on the
San Joaquin since 1893. The possibility of
the water again conquering the reclaimed
lands is a question on which civil en
gineers differ. Through the efforts of the
State Board of Public Works the river
has been straightened and deepened in
many of its worst places. On the other
hand, that vast territory formerly known
as Union Lake, and into which the excess
of high water used to flow, has been,
within the past twelve months, reclaimed,
and it is the contention of many that with
this natural basin closed to the river
waters greater floods will be experienced
in the future than ever before.
The question is an intricate one, and
the island farmers are hoping that they
will not see the test of it this year. ' ■
"And then the procession, as it wound
along the road," continues Kalulanl's
friend: "the hearse, the flowers, the sym
bols, the thousands of natives in mourn
ing array keening their' mournful dirge,
waving torches that turned night into
day as they slowly passed beneath the
palm trees! There never was such a
poetic, touching, royal pageant."
A. R. ROSE SO LEY.
Wagner's Greed.
Here is Wagner's famous musical
creed, which it is claimed by a writer in
Music "every musician should know and
repeat, even as the faithful repeat Its
prototype and model in the churches":
"I believe in God, Mozart and Beethov
en, and also in their disciples and apos
tles; I believe in the Holy Ghost and in
the truth of the one indivisible art; I
believe that this art comes from God, and
dwells in the hearts of all enlightened
human beings; I believe that whosoever
has but once reveled in the ennobling
.joys of this exalted art will serve it for
all time, nor ever prove untrue, and I
believe that through this art all may find
salvation.
"I believe in the Day of Judgment, and
that then all those will be damned who
have dared in this world to deal sordidly
with this chaste and noble art, putting
it to shame and dishonoring it, out of
badness of heart and mere greed for the
pleasures of the senses. But. contrari
wise, I believe that the true disciples of
this exalted art will be transfigured in a
heavenly commingling of sunny, sweet
smelling consonances, and will be united,
for all eternity, to the celestial source of
harmony." C •'■'• y
Teacher— Now, boys, who was Colum
bus?
No answer.
Teacher (promptingly)— The man that—
• Class (readily)— Broke the bank jat
Monte Carlo.— Judy.
He— He that courts and runs away will
live to court another day.
She— But he that courts and does not
wed may find himself in court instead.—
London Tit-Bita.18
Will Try to Commune With the Other World.
ooooo«0O0«0a»»oaooooo0o»floooooooooo
| Tbeosophist Gathering ir> «
| / Southern California for »
« Mystic Rites. »*'
s .-v*yiV-' *■,*?.--.-■■. yyyy yyyy.'yy-y- . $
By jlarriet H. Somers,
Deegate to the Congress of Universal Broth
erhood at Point Loma, San Diego County.
THE forthcoming Congress of Uni
versal Brotherhood,- April 13, 1899, at
Point Loma, San Diego County,
will be held by an organization
which was' established for the ben
efit of the people of the earth and
all creatures.
This. organization declares that brother
hood is a fact In nature. The principal
purpose is to teach and demonstrate this
tact. and to make it a living power in tin*
life of humanity.
The subsidiary purpose of the organiza
tion is to study ancient and modern re
ligion, science, philosophy and art; to in-
The subsidiary purpose of the organiza
tion is to study ancient and modern re
ligion, science, philosophy and art; to in-
vestigatc the laws of nature and the oc
cult powers latent in man.
It is entirely non-sectarian, every mem
ber having the right to believe or disbe
lieve in any religious system or philoso
phy, each being required to show that tol
erance for the opinions of others which
he expects for his own.
To accomplish the objects different
methods are being gradually Introduced
for th- purpose of simplifyig and pre
senting mystical knowledge in a practi
cal manner.
The Theosophlcal Society is the depart
ment of teaching of universal brother
hood, where any one may obtain a philo
sophical and ethical basis for the prac
tice of brotherhood, for be it remembered
that there is no higher object in any of
its departments than to make brother
hood a living power in the life of the in
dividual.
The practical arm of this movement is
the Internationa] Brotherhood League,
which seeks to extend aid and help and
comfort to suffering humanity through
out the world, not depending upon a .Mate
of war for its existence, but standing
ever ready to meet the demands of the
moment wherever found, thereby being
International in its character.
Deserving brief mention on this line are
the different homes and shelters estab
lished during' the past year for boot
blacks, newsboys' foundlings, homeless
children and wayfare homes, where all
are given ethical training and taught that
brotherhood means "helping and shar
ing."
The timely cafe and attention given to
our sick and wounded soldiers at Montauk
Point, V. V.. last summer attracted the
recognition of the authorities at .Wash
ington, which enabled the league, through
the courtesy of the President of" the
United States and the War Department,
to relieve to some extent the suffering iii
Cuba.
The leader. Mrs. Katherlne A. Tingley,
accompanied by able assistants, was ac
corded the privilege of embarking on the
United States ship Berlin, sailing under
orders from Washington to Santiago de
Cuba, where were carried supplies, in
5 HERE are two ways of manag
ing a husband. One is by muscu
lar and the other by mental force.
Few wives can utilize the first;
;■ therefore the majority of women
'. must think out the solution of the
problem, "What shall be done with* a
husband?" for themselves. Each of ne
cessity is governed by the characteris
tics of the Individual with whom she
has to deal. •'■••• . . '.
Husbands are divided into six classes
—Jealous, indolent, ultra-attractive, do
mestic, liberty-loving, fickle. I give the
jealous husband first place, because
Jealousy is characteristic of all men,
and nothing is more unpleasant. ». _••-'.
In the abstract," it makes no differ
ence whether the woman is pretty or
homely. If a man has an Idea that she
has a better opinion of another
than himself in any way, he is jealous
--unless ho is absolutely Indifferent to
the woman. Love and jealousy are
never separated. Sometimes the man is
clever enough to conceal the latter, but
it is always present.
/.There is no greater error of judgment
than that of humoring a jealous hus
band's whims. It is like plying the
whip to a runaway horse. A wife
should go on with her life as if jealousy
did not exist. In marrying, she agreed
to make herself neither slave nor re
cluse.
• * *
She should convince her husband she
cares for him more than all else, but
by that she is not barred from liking
men in j general, if her disposition is
gregarious in that particular direction.
She is not called upon to submit to a
continuous performance of Jealousy. if
she cannot cure, she should plainly say
■to her marital partner she will no
longer endure. No household can ever
be happy where all the mental lares
eluding medicine, food. and clothing, re
quiring twenty-nine army wagons to re
move. .—'■' y
Arriving at Santiago in February nearly
two months have been consumed in minis
tering to the wants of these people, where
suffering was found to be indescribable.
This work will have a marked effect
upon the future relation between. Cuba
and America, for already does not Cuba
look to the ' United States for help?
It is only the approaching Congress
which recalls the leader to the United
States to attend this memorable gather
ing at Point Loma, where will be assem
bled delegates from all parts of Europe,
America and Australia for the purpose
of carrying out plans to extend this
movement. •// " „ , ,
Point Loma . (dove, symbolical of
peace), what more fitting spot to hold
such a convention! When brotherhood
will have become once more established
and fully recogniized will there not be
eternal peace?
The point itself is a rock-ribbed prom
ontory extending some distance into the
Paciflc Ocean. The region around Point
Loma is described as a land as fair as
Acadia and as fertile as the valjey of
the Nile, a realm of perennial seed-time
and harvest, having a climate in which
the four seasons are strangely blended
into one and where flowers of rarest
beauty scent the air.
Aside from the surroundings there is
a legend connected with Point Loma
which no doubt leads to the holding of
the tirst Universal Brotherhood Congress
on this site.
The story runs that ages ago when this
part of California formed part of the
vast Lemurian continent, and indeed it
is said to be also a part of old Atlantis,
an ancient temple of wisdom was erect
ed here and dedicated to the gods of
light, wherein the worthy were taught
the truths of the inner man and his be
ing. Rich stores of knowledge and wis
dom were given to those who would use
the same unselfishly for the benefit of
•humanity. Here the gods touched hands
with . men who living for the soul
of things made earth a heaven being con
scious of their unity with the divine.
, But, alas! : There came a time when
most of these same men began to use
the powers thus gained for purely self
ish purposes. Then it was the lights grew
dim and finally went out from the hearts
of men. the teacher, was forced to retire,
the school -was destroyed to await "some
coming, age when men, grown weary,
heart-sick, hopeless, .wandering in the
trackless waste, j should face again the
rising sun in search of ancient wisdom
and the truth. Then the great teacher
will appear again in human guise among
her own to . rear -upon the ruins of the
old a new and grander temple dedicated
to all that lives." *
Two years ago, at the end of the cru
sade around the world, the cornerstone
of the School for the Revival of Lost
WHAT SHOULD be DONE
with a HUSBAND ?
and penates are embossed with the em
erald of jealousy.
A woman should question herself as
to whether the jealousy shown has
cause. if it has. and she believes her
self thoughtlessly wrong, she should
not apologize, but sin no more. If un
reasonable, let her tell her husband
frankly that she Intends to talk with
men whom she thinks interesting and
to smile at them pleasantly if it oc
curs to her to do so. This course of
action will convince any man of sense
that he has lacked wisdom. Hell does
know a fury like a woman scorned a
jealous husband.
The indolent husband is often made,
not born. It is the wife who makes
him so, because it is a pleasure to her
to cater to. his comfort. She begins
married life by waiting on him. After
experiencing delights of this sort — be
ing spoiled, some people term It— is it
surprising that he gradually and un
consciously grows into the habit of ex
pecting his wife to wait upon him more
and more? -?.*•*
He resents the imputation that he is
lazy, and asks his wife Indignantly why
people should so criticize him. The up
shot of it all is. that he 13 waited on ,
more than ever. Cultivated Indolence is j
hopeless. In such cases the wife must
THE SAIN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, APRf!. 9, 1599.
Laying the Cornerstone (dr the Building Dedicated to thn
Universal Brotherhood at Point Loma.
Mysteries of Antiquity was laid by Mrs.
Katherlne A. Tingley with appropriate
dedicatory exercises. Since that event
lodges from all parts of the globe have
contributed stones to be placed in the
foundation of this school. The stones are
uniform in size and triangular in shape,*
made of granite or some other hard sub
stance, which will be properly placed dur
ing congress week, and for the first time
In 2000 years, since the teaching of the
mysteries in the temples of- ancient
Greece through the. drama and mustc, ls
there to be revived a school of occultism,
presided over .by a practical occultist, a
teacher who will Instruct those found
worthy through having made brotherhood
a living power in their lives, thus giving
truth, light and liberation to discouraged
humanity. *■ . -. * *
The lsls League of Music and Drama Is
<*-*<$>*<$>#<B** <S>#<s>*<S>#<3>*<s>#<s>»<3> # * <*> *<$> *<
] bear the burden she has created. Re
; bellion On her part means domestic dis-
I cord that will forever destroy house
| hold harmony. *.;'.'.'*.'' 1
There is a variety of husband who is
indolent without cultivation— the sort
willing to be supported by wives. I
• -would not give such a man a penny or
! a night's lodging. The sooner a Wo
man who finds she has married a man !
of this sort rids herself of him the bet- i
ter. She should not mince matters, but j
1 turn him out. The human mind is too
shallow for the fullness of contempt
I such men deserve.
Sometimes men are unconsciously
lazy through unrealized selfishness. i
The way to cure that sort of a hus
band is to be selfish with him. He must |
1 learn that every man should be for j
: himself after he has considered the
', convenience of his wife. The confirmed j
' bachelor is the worst type of the un- j
consciously selfish man. When he mar- ■
, ries, his wife's first duty is to make it
! clear to him that there is something
j else in the world besides his own com
fort. * •' ' . ■
The ultra-attractive husband is a
stumbling block. He seems difficult to
manage because he knows women are I
fond of him. Yet he is the simpleton, '
i for his vanity makes him the easy vie- j
tim of a clever woman. '
■
Building Erected by the Univevsal Brotherhood at Point Loma, San Diego County, Two
Years Ago- The Congress Will Meet There Next Thursday.
If his wife is at all bright, she will
keep his admiration and attention by
making herself attractive in the ways*
he likes a woman' to attract. You ma>
call this policy or deceit If you are a
man, but If you are a woman you will
know better. A husband must be dealt
with according to his kind. He is often
managed just as people keep on good
terms with society— by white lies.
If the attractive husband's wife real
ly knows what to do with him she will
never permit him to think her jealous.
She will seem to rejoice in the admir
ation other women show for him, and
make merry over their desire to flirt,
ignoring the fact that he was amiably
flirtatious. If she does this he will lack
the zest of forbidden fruit when his
wife is absent aad some other woman
is willing to be made love to.
If the wife of the attractive man is
wise she will see that he avoids the
Platonic friendship. People who know
the world are thoroughly familiar with
this form of illusion. If the husband
develops a fondness for the society of
any woman above others, and says the
friendship is purely Platonic, the wife
had best consult' her lawyer, quietly
eliminate things Platonic : from her
sphere/ or make up her mind to take
second place. NO modern man is as
gifted as Plato.
In keeping watch and ward over her
husband a woman should never ignore
the fact that it is the nature of all men
to like a pretty woman. They are at
tracted to them just as the bees fly
straight to the flower.
If the wife of the domestic husband
is not careful she will find herself bur
dened with that most dreadful of evils —
a bore. Too many persons fall to note
the difference between domesticity and
the rut. The domestic husband is .a
delightful creature, if he is anointed
with the oil of society and garnished
with comraderle.
- No man in his heart loves the drudge. j
If he loves a woman he will not know- j
ingly permit her to drudge. If he lets !
her drudge the best* thing his wife can I
do is to rally her wits and enjoy her- I
self without regard to his lordship.
The domestic husband requires only I
management. This consists of instill
ing the belief that every person must i
pay his debt to society, even though it
be onerous, as any debt may. His wife
should make him understand as well i
that the keenest comfort is wrought by
contrast. To stay at home all the time,
this being granted, surely shows lack
of wisdom. y \*-y
The wife of a domestic husband
should never forget hat her victories
» Members of tbe Universal «
§ Brotherhood Preparing for |
» Great Phenomena. »
c.
«e«i8»0»»00»»00«OOQOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQOO
another interesting apartment of univer
sal brotherhood which has for its object
the revival of ancient* plays and operas,
wherein is taught the true meaning of
some of the archaic mystical productions.
This league hopes to raise through music
and the drama the standard of morality
of the world, from the depths into which
these arts have degenerated during past
ages, owing to mankind's false concep
tions and misinterpretations. Wagner
has been made a deep study by all of the
students of the Isis League, and it has
been found that this great master was
a profound mystic and teacher of occult
ism, and in no other light can he be un
derstood.
At San Diego under the auspices of Isis
Lodge there will be presented the Greek
tragedy of "Eumenides," written by Acs-
chylus, also musical selections from Wag
ner's operas disclosing their concealed
meaning. ;;■•-> ; :;
As a. whole the various features con
nected with the movement for Universal
Brotherhood are bound to produce a
marked effect upon the character of the
race, for i throughout all the teachings a
dominant purpose is kept before the mind,
Effect of Wealth on Love Maying.
According to Mrs. Burton HarrisoQ-
WE are discussing an impor
tant question," said a matron
of charm and distinction,
drawing aside her train to
make way for the passage of a man
who came up to talk to her after a din
ner. "Nowadays, when you men linger
so long in the smoking-room, we find
time for large themes in our post-.'
prandial chat. The question has arisen
among the women here to-night who,
as you see, are mostly mothers of the
younger set in society— whether the
growth of all this wealth and luxury is
not killing the old-time sentiment of
love." ...
"In other words," was the answer,
"whether your girls and my boys do
not hesitate a long time before letting
the tender passion invade them, when
the desired object is not financially pre
pared to aid in advancing the worldly
success of, the couple. All I can say is
that in view of what is expected of a
fashionable married pair in these days,
I hope they do] ■ ' vyy -! .".*:''-, _'- '
"I can't imagine a more deplorable
condition for a poor young husband
than to see his wife straining Jto keep
up with her 'set.* I had rather my son
would never marry than have him
handicapped by a dissatisfied, fretful
woman who might be lively and good
humored and agreeable if she had only
will best be accomplished by diplomacy
rather than main strength. A home
that is pleasant when energy reigns
and fatigue flees is much pleasanter
under opposite conditions. The woman
who knows what to do with a domestic
husband will make him happy by pilot
ing him away from the rut of com
monplace existence. I can think of no
more dreadful fate than to literally
"marry and settle down."
I am not sure the" liberty-loving hus
band is not the greatest problem the
feminine, brain has to solve. . He is like
the bird who, when the wires are about
him, sings and is merry, because he is
philosophical and makes the best of
present joys. ';' n • y\-*'^*.y
•■-*■.;*■.-/• * «
The bird is the married man and the
wires about him are those of matri
mony. When a bachelor he loved his
liberty. As a benedict he 'would be less
than human If he did not occasionally
long for the ileshpots of Egypt. His
wife should remember this, and also
bear in mind that the happiest of caged
birds, provided it has once known ab
solute freedom, is very apt to take ad
vantage Of accidental liberty, unless
captivity has been made so pleasant
that even liberty seems undesirable by
comparison.
I knew a man who reveled in the de
that man is a soul responsible for every
thought, word and act, that the process
of evolution acts from a center within
outward to physical manifestation, as dis
played in nature, where the impulse to
grow lies buried beneath the surface.
It is not a charitable institution beyond
the fact that it tries to teach men and
women to help themselves and to realize
their true positions in life by promoting
brotherhood on the broadest practical
lines. What aim can be more ennobling"
It expects to do away with all war, anl
the Czar's peace proclamation is right it
line with the Universal Brotherhood
movement.
Any careful student pursuing this phi
losophy can establish for himself a scien
tific as well as a religious proof that men
are brothers.
Being an occult body, controlled by a
master workman, it is impossible from
this plane of intelligence to know fully
what will be accomplished at this first
Universal Brotherhood Congress. Suffice
to say enough information has been hint
ed that all who attend "will hear words
which will eternally guide them in the
faith."
means to satisfy the ambitions bred in
her bone.
"You must concede that there are
more workingmen than idlers in our so
ciety. That these youngsters see the
girls of their acquaintance trained up
to the habits of Princesses that is.
Princesses of a fairy tale, for the actual
ones lead very active, busy, simple lives
by comparison with some of our 'lilies
of the field' in America, And how, in
heaven's name, is the young fellow who
cannot hope to earn more than a few
meager thousands a year in the next
-ten years going to bring himself to the
point of assuming to support one of
these expensive treasures?
"If they could begin life as we began
it twenty-five years ago," mused the
lady, "satisfied with rooms, not a whole
house, content to be entertained with
out entertaining in return on the same
scale with people of fifty, times their in
come; if it were not needed to have a
country house as well as one in town,
and horses and a string of extravagant,
impudent servants; to * dine out five
nights in the week and be seen at all
the operas and balls! I can't find that
my girls, who are, as every one knows,
the sweetest, , most amiable creatu/es,
can , for a . moment . imagine another
mode of life than the one we are now
leading." York World.
lights of home and family. His wife
was a woman of restrictions. She ve
toed the club and the stag party under
all circumstances. If her veto was not
respected she made a row about it; so.
for peace, the husband dropped out of _■
everything of that sort. , ff
One day the wife went away on a
visit and the husband to the club. He
tasted the delights of absolute freedom.
His wife returned. He went away. His
stay was prolonged— a week, two
weeks, then indefinitely, and the sequel
was— legal separation.
' , The , algebraic; moral of this story,
which has the merit of being true Is
that leading-strings and a liberty-lov
ing man equal a judicial separation
The home of the hero and the heroine
seemed to me ideal, because the man
kept his skeleton well hidden in the
closet. I do not believe the woman
dreamed it existed. -
From the first she should have told
her husband she did not expect him to
give up. his friends for her. If she had
been really clever she would then have
made herself so necessary to him he
would never have wished to go any
where without her. Then he would
have mourned every. day of her absence
and the joys of the club or stag would
have paled in comparison with those
of he 3. presence. Leading-strings are
for children. When adults use them
they are speedily transformed into
family jars.
. . * :*.--.'
The basis of a great proportion of
matrimonial disagreements is the fact
that the wife does not know what
should be done with a husband. This
is because women become wives before
they know their own minds. If I could
nave my way a law should be passed 1
that no woman could marry before she I
was twenty-six years old. A Utopian *■*
| idea, perhaps, but if it were adopted
| fewer women would sail out into the
j ocean of matrimony without compass,
i sextant or rudder.— Saturday Evening
i Post.HOW A CHINESE WOMAN
ESPAPED FROM SLAVERY
IN SAN FRANCISCO
AT 7 o'clock Friday evening Ross
alley was all astir.
A raid on a Chinese slave
den"was Imminent. Another
woman slave had grown weary
of captivity, ."--"-„ :,',*'
Small wonder, then, that the clash
ing cymbals, " shrieking strings and
tom-tom rat-tat- tat-plan in front of
the theater, failed to draw the crowd:
it preferred to jostle and sandal itself,
tip-toe and breathless from cobble to
cobble; it was agog with excitement,
because Miss Cameron, of the Presby
terian Mission, had stepped into the
entrance of No. 18 to try and rescue
Yuen Ho, a beautiful Chinese slave.
All Chinatown that could squeeze Its
shoulders between the notorious walls
of this Mongolian byway was watch
ing and hoping that . the Christians
would fall, but the prayers ascending
from the slave within and the strong
arms and hearts of the friends with
out , gave promise of better things.
Besides this Love had a hand and
Love usually wins the game.
Poor, frightened, trembling Yuen Ho.
whose -name in English means Double
Good, had lifted the latch of her prison
door on Friday night for the last time.
Two nights before this she had
crossed her threshold to the entrance
chamber and had done precisely the
same thing— the latch and each
time stole cautiously back to her own
little den to wait for* deliverance.
But Double Good did not despair, for
the man who loved ' her whispered
words of courage and hope, of the new
life that would be hers in the world
outside, hers if she would only be
brave.
He tolG her that the Christians' God
was kind and that He would put it into
the hearts of His people to take her
from her life of shame and give her a
home of peace until he should prepare
one for her. ,^yi;;
Double Good could not do much but
hope and pray, but she did what she
could; she slipped noiselessly, across
the uncarpeted floor and raised the
latch with her careful fingers, then
hurried back to her room with auak-
Ing limbs and hid her fluttering, ter
rified little self in its darkest corner.
She waited patiently, fearfully, and
with the fortitude born of the misery
which had been crowded into the too
eventful, harrowing years of her life
in this land of the free.
It was her wish to wait for freedom
lf her unknown friends should suc
ceed.
It was her purpose to prepare for
death if they should fail.
For failure meant to prolong an ex
istence already as useless as a funeral
paper god, and If she were to be dis
covered in the plot by her owner. Sing
Yee, the consequences would be too
terrible to bear.
In either event, life or death, the
goddess of mercy would be kind.
If the fates decreed life, it would be
one of love among the blossoms of
spring. .\' : --y .*'■ -l'.
If death, why her body dead would
no longer feel the smarts of the blows
dealt by Sing Yee, the she-monster who
owned her. - " 'y ■-•'
True to the philosophy of her peo
ple, Double Good reasoned In her own
quaint, stoical way: She had nraved
to the heavens; but the heavens were
too high to hear her prayer; then she
prayed to the devils, and the devils
were too cruel to heed it. ■ w'\ * >'.
So there was but one thing more to
do, she would -ay to the 'earth, the
earth on whose husks she fed. and by
whose sins she suffered. Would It also
turn a deaf ear?
Two years of dumb, pitiful, sighing
prayers, and these had been offered up
hour after hour and day after day from
the heart of a child.
For two years this pretty slave girl
had never seen the light of day, not
even so much as sometimes creeps
through cruel iron bars to gladden a
lonely prisoner: for her room, save the
artificial light, was as dark as a dun
geon and its only opening ls a door that
swings into a dark, opium smelling hall.
For two years she had never peeped
at the stars, nor whispered her offer
ings to the pale moon. "..:■ ,', :.; '}-
She had to pay the penalty of exceed
ing beauty.
She was a "kept-ln" slave. ,y-—y-
Then the heaven dragon spread a
M ARY BAKER EDDY'S LETTER
TO CHRISTIAN SCIENTISTS
THE following address was sent by
the Rev. Mary Baker G. Eddy to
the First Church of Christ, Scien
tist, at Concord, N. H. : " *
"My Beloved Brethren: In the
annals of our denomination this
church becomes historic, having
completed its organization February 22—
Washington's birthday. Memorable date,
all unthought of till the day had passed!
Then we beheld the omen— Religious Lib
erty—the Father of the universe and the
father of our nation In concurrence.
"To-day, with the large membership of
seventy-four communicants, you have
met to praise God. I, a3 usual, at home
and alone, am with you ln spirit. Joining
'n your rejoicing; and my heart Ib ask
ing: What are the angels saying or sing
ing to this dear little flock, and what ls
each heart In this house repeating, and
what Is being recorded of this meeting
as with the pen of an angel? ' : uyy
"Bear In mind always that Christianity
is not alone a gift, but a growth Christ
ward; lt ls not a creed or dogma— a phil
osophical phantasm, nor the opinions of
a sect struggling to gain power over con
tending sects, and scourging the one in
advance of It. Christianity is the sum
mons of divine love for man to be Christ
like— emulate the words and the works
of our great Master. To attain thereun
to men must know somewhat of the di
vine principle of Jesus' life work, and
prove their knowledge of doing as he
bade— 'Go and do thou likewise."
"We know principle only through sci
ence. The principle of Christ Is divine
love, resistless life and truth— Its
science must be Christ-like, or Christian
Science. More than regal Is the majesty
of Its meekness; and Its might is the
ever-flowing tides of truth that sweep
the universe, create and govern It— and
its radiant stores of knowledge— the mys
teries of exhaustless being. Seek i ye
these, till you make their treasures
yours. • ,
"When a young man vainly boasted: i
am wise, for I have conversed with many
wise men,' Eplctetus made answer: 'And
.1 with many ' rich men, but I am not
rich.' The richest blessing- are obtained
by labor, and a vessel full must be emp
tied before lt can be refilled. Lawyers
may know too much of human law to
have a clear perception of divine Justice!
and divines be too deeply read in schol
astic theology to appreciate or to dem
onstrate. Christian charity. , Losing the
comprehensive in the technical, the prin
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 9, 1899.
gentle zephyr, over the earth and across
the water and filled the sails of a vessel
bound for San Francisco and brought
a son of China to her rescue.
Loui Yong was the most uneasy pas
senger on that belated ship, for he was
coming In search of Yuen Ho, who had
been his little playmate in the far-off
province of Kwang-Tung.
Nearly sixteen years before she
had been born in a village not far
from Hongkong and her days were
those of happiness, for she spent them
playing with her sister. -
These were days of Innocent joy, and
bright colored butterflies and funny
little dolls made up her- world of pleas
ure.
Then Loui Yong joined them in play
and the affection of childhood at last
.became a closer bond; she was his
promised wife. ..'vV .
While Loul Yong was away at school
Yuen Ho and her sister were suddenly
made orphans.
In true American fashion the inheri
tance soon dwindled away and the two
little girls were left without* a home,
preys to the wily agents who thrive on
the market of human chattels and find
victims in Hongkong. .yy
Yuen Ho was just fourteen years old
to the day when a wicked old woman
told her. of California, the wonderful
land of perpetual sunshine and riches
untold; of the Eden where Chines**
women were scarce and rich husbands
were easily secured — husbands who
obeyed their wives in all things, and if
she wished to return from there to the
Flowery Kingdom, oh, it would be quite
the easiest thing. It would be but hers
to ask and his wish to obey. They
could come back to China and live ever
after in real Oriental splendor.
And so pretty, ignorant Double Good
took a chance on matrimony in the
Orient of the West.
There was no light ln the East, but
there would be light in the West.
A pao of rice is better than a tou of
rice and Loui Yong was not there to
advise her.
She was measured and stood Just
four feet and five inches high, and com
ing through a market where the Chi
nese woman is valued in the ratio of
inches to dollars she was sold for $450.
Nearly two years ago the steamer
City of Peking carried seven other slav
girls besides Yuen Ho from the port of
Hongkong.
Wondering, chattering children they
were, whose futures were bright with
the anticipation of happiness and gold
just over the great ocean.
Before the vessel touched this wharf,
however, they knew that life held for
them a worthless store.
But to whom could they appeal?
Heaven, they thought, was too high
to hear their prayers and the devil was
too cruel. The^y were warned against
the Christian missions before they en
tered this port, of the awful treatment
of the Chinese girls should they fall in
the hands of the white barbarians, that
they would be frightfully treated and
eventually killed. They were still young
and life had not yet begun, so they
promised to obey the she-monster who
brought them here, and to avoid the
white barbarians, and particularly the
Christian missions.
Yuen Ho was taken from the City of
Peking and deposited in the black little
den which she had called home for the
past two years. - '■ yy. - v; -' ■ -•
This den was the house of Wan Kee.
But the yellow- visaged ■ old woman
who paid 12000 for her Is Sing Yee.
She saw In the girl's beauty a bar
gain, a .prize, and with the genuine
Mongolian sagacity she took rigorous
measures to keep it. v
From her cruel, physical treatment
th" girl is still suffering. Her body, Is
blue with the marks of the old hag's
Oats. y-yy . ; .
Sing Yee's list of unprintable crimes
would shame the most vicious inmate
of San Quentin. X\ * .*'*.
And pretty Yuen Ho was bound to
her for a period of five years for the
sum of $2000. y^yy-j
It was a desperate undertaking to
sever these bonds; but Cupid managed
the whole siege with a skill all his own.
As soon as Loui Yong in his far-off
home in China was informed that his
promised wife had been sold Into slav
ery ln San Francisco, he rested neither
night nor day until he had secured pas
sage on a sailing ship bound for Amer
ica. , ;
He came on a sailing vessel for the
simple reason that he wished to save
his money In order to search, lf need
be, one year among the mysterious
clple ln Its accessories, cause ln effect,
and faith in sight— we lose the science of
Christianity; a predicament quite like
the man who could not see London for
Its houses.
"Clouds that , swing ln the sky with
dumb thunderbolts parsimonious of rain.
are seen and forgotten ln the same hour*,
while those with a mighty rush that
waken the stagnant, waters, and solicit
every root and every leaf with the treas
ures of rain, ask no praising. Remember,
thou canst be brought Into no condition,
be it ever so severe, where love has not
been before thee, and its tender lesson Is
awaiting thee. Therefore despair not nor
murmur, for that which seeketh to save,
to heal, and to deliver will guide thee, lf
thou seek this guidance.
"Pliny gives the' following description
of the character of true greatness; 'Do
ing what deserves to be written, and
writing what deserves to be .read; and
rendering the world happier and better
for having, lived In It.' Strive thou for
the joy and crown of such a pilgrimage—
the service of such a mission.
"A stout heart touched and hallowed by
one chord of Christian Science can accom
plish the full scale; but this heart must
be honest, and In earnest, and never
weary in struggling to be perfect— to re
flect the divine Life, Truth, and Love.
"Stand by the limpid lake, sleeping mid
willowy banks dyed with, emerald; see
therein the mirrored sky— and the moon
ablaze with her mild glory will stir thy
heart. Then, In speechless prayer, ask
God to enable you to reflect God— to be
come his own Image and likeness— even
the calm, clear radiant reflection of
Christ's glory, healing the sick, bringing
the sinner to repentance, and raising the
spiritually dead in trespass and sins to
life in God. Jesus said: if -ye abide In
me, and my words abide ln you, ye shall
ask what ye will, and lt shall be done
unto you.'
"Beloved in Christ, what our Master
said unto his disciples when he sent them
forth to heal the sick, and preach the gos
pel—l say unto you: 'Be ye therefore wise
as serpents and harmless as doves.' Then
lf the wisdom you manifest causes Chris
tendom, or the disclaimer against God,
to call this .'a subtle fraud,' 'let your
peace return to you."
"I am patient with the newspaper wares
and the present schoolboy epithets and at
tacks of a portion of Christendom:
"L Because I sympathize with their Ig
norance of Christian Science..
"2. Because I know that no Christian
labyrinths lof ,San Francisco; from
chimney top to underground dens he
would seek until he had found his lost
Yuen Ho.
He arrived here nearly four months
ago, and day by day and night after
night he climbed the' terrible China
town steeps, and haunted the dark cel
lars, always looking for Yuen Ho, the
bright sunbeam that had crossed his
life and was now gone.
At last he found her In prison at 18
Boss alley, suffering the most cruel tor
tures from Sing Yee tortures intended
to end a life within a life. • ...y
Loul Yong was broken-hearted until
some one told him of the Christian mis
sions, and then he met and confided in
Miss Cameron, and ' together they
planned the slave girl's release.
It is not the flrst Chinese love affair
that Miss Cameron has helped to win
but there has never been one yet ln
which she has taken more active inter
est, nor has there been any so easily
won as this.
Yuen Ho promised to flourish a green
silk handkerchief that she might be dis
tinguished from the flve slave girls who
lived In this 1 ' house, and this was the
only instruction that the brave little
heroine failed to keep.
She was afraid that the unusual cus
tom of carrying a green handkerchief
might excite the suspicions of her wary
mistress and prevent her escape.
Officer McMurray was the flrst to en
ter the door of the den, which stood
slightly ajar.'
After a hasty survey he beckoned us
to follow. -■'...' .*--./ v 'r'j'.
Crowds of- curious . Chinamen were
close at our heels and soon filled the
alley; but above all and over all of the
excited mob there was one Chinaman
whose eyes were fixed upon a doorway
and whose mouth was agape with pain
and expectation. Hope, fear and de
spair all found lodgment there and re
vealed the man's identity.
He was Loui Yong, the lover.
A feeble light glowing from the dying
punks upon the hearth was all that the
reception-room to this red-painted
house afforded.
Through the dark length of a heavy
curtained hall floated the chattering
voices of the slaves..
Suddenly all was hushed and the
frightened, timid girls one by one crept
back to their rooms, all but Yuen Ho,
who came out boldly and stood near
Officer Kane, with the sweet trust of a
child, while her lips were trembling
and her little hands fluttered from her
gorgeous sam to her embroidered foo.
Oh, 'it was a motley crowd that was
packed in this dark house. Childhood,
youth and wrinkled old age were there
represented. An old man of eighty
years lav on the bed hugging his opium
pipe, while a little boy of three • was
playing with a doll.
In an instant Wan Kee had grabbed
the child and with one hand touched a
spring and opened a trap door. Up
the narrow steps Wan Kee started,
through a stairway that was only nine
inches wide, and whose depth was as
black as midnight. '•-';
We followed in pursuit and on the
first landing passed through a door
punctured with iron bolts and, soon
found ourselves iin ,Ma Fong alley,
where all was hurry-scurry.
A watchman ran shouting through
the streets, "Lock your doors; close
your windows." Slam, .bang, went the
doors; jingle, jingle went the door
bells. ' > - .
The alarm was given, the warning
heeded, and in a jiffy the alleys had
the appearance of a deserted village.
..But -what of Sing Yee, the slave
owner,, and the girl who was fighting
for liberty?,'* ; ,;■.-..*.:.*;
When the slave-owner fully compre
hended her loss she raved and cursed
in her sharp, threatening tongue, and
called upon the thundering god of hell
to strike the girl dead when she crossed
her threshold. 'Tyyy I '.y .".--**<.
Then she screamed by way of fare
well as Yuen Ho and her rescuers hur
ried into the carriage: "If you fly up
to heaven 1 will catch you by the heels
and bring you back again; if you go
down to hell I will snatch you by the
head and drag you back; such is my
power to hold you."
* • •
The sequel of this story will be told
in another chapter. In a few months
there will be a quiet wedding at the
Presbyterian Mission, but it will not oc
cur until the beginning of the festival
of the moon, and then Yuen Ho, the
slave girl, will thereafter bear the name
of Mrs. Yong Ho.
can or does understand this Science and
not love lt.
"3. Because these attacks afford oppor
tunity' for explaining Christian Science;
and, : :.r- ; y
"4. Because lt ls written: 'The wrath of
man shall praise thee; the remainder of
wrath shalt thou restrain.'
"Rest assured that the Injustice done
by press and pulpit to this denomination
of Christians will cease, when it no longer
blesses it. 'This I know, for God Is for
Psalms. And ln the words of St.
Paul, if God be for us, who can be
against us?'
"Pass ye the proud fane by'
The. vaulted aisles by, flaunting folly trod.
And 'neath the temple of uplifted sky-
Go forth, and worship God."
THE weight of the brain varies In
adult and . healthy human beings.
Among the white races the average
between the ages of 30 and 40, when
it attains its maximum .. develop
ment, Is 1358 grams for men and
1256 for women. Placing the weight of
the female brain at 100, the male brain
would .weigh 112, other things being equal.
This difference cannot be ascribed to the
relatively smaller size of women as com
pared with men. It has been shown that
the height of the sexes Is as 92.7 for wo
men to 100 for man,^whereas the weight
of her brain Is as 90.0 to 100. The brain
is therefore really lighter in the case of
women. This obtains at all ages. .
Tables drawn up *by Broca respecting
347 healthy brains show that this organ
Increases up to the age of 40, remains
stationary up to 50, and then loses weight.
Beyond the age of 60 men lost 5.7 per cent
and women 4.7 per cent of the maximum
weight. - yy'yV y-.y'-'-
The brain increases in proportion to the
vascular activity which proceeds therein.
This explains why the brains of certain
criminals and mad persons are very vol
uminous. But of all the kinds of activity
that which conforms to the purpose of
the organ appears to be the most effica
cious. Such ls the physiological activ
ity of which intelligence is the result.
The weights recorded by many scientists
prove lt. The brain of the great paleon
tologist Cuvler, which weighed 1830 grams,
is held to be an argument in Itself, and
the same applies to the no less remark
able, though inferior, weight of the brains
of Abercrombie. Bruce and Dupuytren. It
is because women develop less cerebral
activity that their brains are lighter.
All this had led to the conclusion that
the weight of the brain increased with
use and with the profession; and especial
ly with the. degree of intelligence.
At the present time it is somewhat ar
bitrarily admitted that there is a relation
between the weight of the brain and In
tellectual capacity, notwithstanding that
the Idea encounters contradictory . facts
now and. then. For instance, the brain
of Gambetta was very much below the
average, weighing 0n1y, 1200 grams.
Mr. J. Simms has just collected anumber
of other awkward Instances. According
to his researches, the heaviest brain on
record so far is that of a London news
boy, who was rather daft; it weighed 2400
grams. After this comes the brain of
Rustan, a poor, ignorant Scandinavian
peasant: weight 2340 grams.
The brain of a dwarf Hindoo woman
weighed 2200 grams, which gives her a
superiority of 70 grams over the heaviest
brain of a man of Intellect, that of Toor
genef, which weighed 2130 grams.
Mr. Simms has found that the brains
of sixty famous * persons weighed on an
average 200 grams less than ten brains of
idiots and flve brains of defective intel
lect. He consequently refuses to admit
any real relationship between Intelligence
and encephalic bulk. He thinks that
question should be reconsidered in order
to correct an error which has obtained
credit only because of the reputation of
the man who promulgated it.
It is certain that intellect cannot he
weighed by the pound like sugar. The
quality, not the quantity, of the cerebral
tissue is the determining factor. But for
the time being there is no way of measur
ing lt.
"Queer about Clara's wedding with -that
plumber?"
"What was queer?"
"Why, he came to get married at the
very day and hour he said he would."—
Detroit Free Press.
1920
MARVELOUS FEATS
OF MIND READING
Remarkable Tests Performed by
an Egyptian Officer.
READS YOUR SECRET THOUGHTS LIKE AN
A FORTNIGHT ago, when Khal
dah, the Egyptian, was demon
strating his gifts of telepathy
at Miss de Forest's home in West
Tenth street, it chanced that
William K. Vanderbilt was one of
the guests.
"If you can tell me," said the million
aire, "what I am thinking of at any
given time I will pay you one hundred
dollars."
"I do not wish your money, Mr. Van
flerbilt," said the Easterner, who is
wealthy and does not pursue the cult
as a means of livelihood, "but lf you
will give me your hand. and concentrate
your thoughts upon some event that has
transpired In your life, not necessarily
connected with lt, I shall certainly tell
you what that occurrence was."
The millionaire and the mind-reader
clasped hands.
Khaldah, for perhaps twenty, seconds,
knotted his brows together and gazed
intently at his subject,
Then he said with a smile of triumph:
"Mr. Vanderbilt, you were thinking of
the assassination of Abraham Lincoln.
Am I right?" ,''•'-.
Mr. Vanderbilt seemed almost dazed for
an Instant and then said: "Absolutely
right. How on earth do you do It?"
"I cannot explain," said Khaldah. "I
think very hard, concentrate myself ln
your thoughts, make myself receptive
to your mind— then it comes like a face
seen in a mirror. I see your mind, I
feel your thoughts."
Tall, Blender and graceful, with broad
shoulders, a long, typically Egyptian
face, every feature straight and clean
chiseled, a head, large, broad and deep,
HoW Khalda\ J-lolds tKz J-land to Jtead the Mind.
covered with hair of midnight black
ness, parted In the middle and falling in
picturesque disorder over his white fore
head, great black restless eyes which
shone out from underneath straignt
black eyebrows, long; armed, with nar
row, slender white hands adorned each
with an Oriental ring of value, attired
ln faultless evening dress of the smart
world of to-day, with the charming ease
of a man perfectly at home among peo
ple of the world. Khaldah explained to
his anxious guests that he should at
tempt to give them a few testa of his
ability to read the mind of another.
"There is nothing mysterious in what I
shall attempt to do," said he; "no trick
ery. I cannot possibly know what you
may. choose to think about. I never saw
any of you, except our host and his broth
er, before In my life to my knowledge. I
do not know your names even.
"But 1 shall try." he added, smiling
and showing a double row of fine white
teeth, "to tell each of your Christian
name.*-, your friends' names, some of your
thoughts, and to do many things to amuse
and interest you."
' . . ..." . ; * '.a ■
Approaching several of the ladles, Khal
dah said, with a smile: "Now, if you will
be kind enough to. tell me when you were
born i will tell you your name— your first
name. Oh, no, no; 1 don't mean the year
you were born, just the month and the
day.''
He began with the hostess, who said
that her birthday was in June. Stepping
back, he wrote the month and day on a
sheet of note paper, together with some
queer Arabic figures;, then, looking up
quickly, said:
"Florence. Is that right?"
A little sally.; of f applause greeted this
clever answer. Then he. turned to another
lady and said apologetically:
"Perhaps I may not do as well this
time, but won't you tell me your birth
day?"
•ember 6."
"And what is the first letter of your
given name?"
"E."
"All right. Let me hold your hand a
moment. Now spell it to yourself, just as
if you were writing M-a-r-y, so."
Tie- black eyes sparkled and the veins
In his forehead were plainly visible as he
held the tips of the lady's fingers. He
turned his head aside so that there was
no suspicion of lip reading on his part.
"Et — no, no," he said, "that Is not
right. Etta— that is a peculiar name."
"Yes— murmured some one; "It is not a
full. given name, but a diminutive," !yV.
Quick as a flash Khaldah called out,
"Etta . that Is your name.
He was right. , i-,.-,^^,!,... ..,..,. . ,
Turning to another lady, without touch
ing her hand, Khaldah said: "Won't you
please think of some one, living or dead,
and tell me bis or her birthday? Don't
tell the letter; give me no letter at all—
just the day of the month." ■
"July 10."
'Henry." responded Khaldah. . with
marvelous quickness, "and I think he
was your brother, but he has long been
dead."
Again Khaldah was precisely correct.
The lady's brother had been dead almost '
a orore of years. y '.;*. f •
"Now let me try something else." con- .
tinued Khaldah. going over to an escri
toire and taking up a package of note- ,
paper. "Will some one write, down throe
figures, like 991?" One of the gentlemen
did, so. "Now reverse the figures," said
Khaldah, "like 991— 159. Can you subtract
them now?"
After the numbers were written down,
reversed and the subtraction made, Khal
dah said: "Hold the paper close to your
chest, and I will tell you the last numbor
you put down."
Khaldah
OPEN BOOK.
"Four ninety-four. Is that correct?"
It was, as every one who followed the
formula as Khaldah gave it agreed. This
feat was repeated several times, Khal
dah almost invariably giving the correct
answer. -; -yy. •' '--
The excessive mental strain the man
had undergone was quite apparent ln hl
features, the perspiration glistened ln hl_
hair and he sank down upon a, divan
while he mopped his forehead and rested
for a few moments. A little bit later,
when he was called upon again to enter
tain Mrs. Anyon's guests, he did some
wonderful feats ln hidden message read
ing. For example, one gentleman, at
Khaldah's request, took up a sheet of
paper, tore off a atrip and wrote this
message: ■-'■'''.■ J
"Will you have a Manhattan cock*
tall?" .
The strip of paper was rolled up like
a tape measure and then Khaldah, who
had been all the time at the other Bide
of the room, said:
"Please stand up and come over where
I am standing. Put the writing close to
your forehead, cover It with the tips of
your fingers and let me hold your left
hand. Now spell out the words of the
sentence to yourself Just as lf you were
writing them slowly on a blackboard at
school, but don't move -our lips."
Khaldah grasped the forefingers of the
gentleman's left hand ln his left hand,
while the two right hands were pressed
to their two respective foreheads. Then
he said with a laugh: "Ah! You ask me
a question. I do not drink, but I will tell
you what you said. You say: 'Will I
take a Manhattan cocktail." "
Again a ripple of laughter and congrat
ulations followed the successful perform-
ance of the feat. Turning to another gen
tleman on the opposite side of the room,
Khaldah said: "You write something. I
do not care whether it is a question or a
statement; only please make the writing
APES TRAINED TO WAIT AT THE TABLE.
CAN the monkey ever be made use
ful to man? Is a question that for
years and years has occupied the
minds of able thinkers. And it is
not answered yet, for there are In
stances to Indicate that the monkey can
and that it cannot.*'*- y
In Paris, at a certain cafe, monkeys, or
apes, have for many, years acted as wait
ers. The creatures were easily taught
to know the names of certain beverages
and for a check brought the customer
what he asked for. . . '£:,
In this cafe all drinks are the same
price, and each* customer on entering-In
vests money in a certain amount of brass
THE SAN FRANOISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 9, 1899.
very plain, so that any one who saw it
could read lt." 'M_f\
In slow, schoolboy fashion, without any
one but the writer's knowledge, these
words were penned:
"Will you lend me a five-spot?"
Although this was slang and an up-to
date Americanism, Khaldah repeated the
performance as before, but without the
mental spelling, only adding, deferential
ly, in a scarcely audible whisper: "Oh,
•I can tell .what you wrote: but do
you want me to say it right out before
all of the ladies and gentlemen?" Th*
writer of the sentence blushed, but said*.
"Oh, yes*, speak lt right out."
Then said Khaldan, with an amused
smile: "The gentleman has asked a
question. He says would I lend him a
five spot— what you call a V. Eh?"
After a little general conversation one
of the gentlemen said he had witnessed
the celebrated Washington Irving Bishop
d-> some of his wonderful 'mind-reading
feats in Liverpool. Khaldah caught the
name very quickly and said: "Yes, yes;
Mr. Bishop was very clever. A wonderful
man; but I will try to see if I can do in
a modest way some of the things he did.-
Will you confer among yourselves and
Remarkable Behavior of Monkeys Brought Up in a Civilized Way.
checks. When he orders he simply tells gives It a check. The creature at once 50 cents a day. But perhaps the plan fa
the monkey waiter what he wants and rushes, to the bar and points to a* cer- worth trying.
think of something you want me to co?"
One of the gentlemen whispered to an
other/ "You go and garrote the doctor."
This was a very hard feat, and somewhat
similar to those Bishop used to practice,
but the doctor alluded to perhaps uncon
sciously antagonized Khaldah. For when
Khaldah took one of the gentlemen by
the hand and led him over to the physi
cian he did not clutch the supposed vic
tim's throat.
Khaldah hesitated. Then he removed,
the doctor's eyeglass string from around
his neck, and next his cravat, using the
subject all the' time. It was plain that
Khaldah knew that the subject whose
hand he held was thinking about doing
something to the doctor's throat, but as
the doctor afterward stated, after his
eyeglasses and cravat were removed he
-willed himself as strongly as possible
against any other Indignities and kept
repeating: "You will fall: You are con
fused! 'You cannot do this:"
Great heads of perspiration stood out
on . -Khaldah's forehead, his muscles
twitched, and he still persisted In hold
ing the subject's hands and . fingers In
proximity to the physician's throat. At
last he took the subject's other hand and
tain sign on a board corresponding with
what was asked for. The barkeeper un
derstands and gives the proper drink.
If two people are at the same table two
checks are given ; and two drinks aro
brought. But the drinks must both be
the same. No amount of training has
sufficed to teach the monkeys to remem
ber two different orders. In this respect
they are a failure.
The proprietors of this strange cafe say
that using monkeys as they do Is not In
Itself a paying investment. Their keep
costs as much as it would to employ men
for the same work, and they represent
a large amount of Invested capital, for
each ape costs several hundred dollars.
It is only the unique feature of the em
ployment of monkeys that makes lt pay.
People are attracted to the cafe out of
curiosity and are willing to pay an extra
price for what they get. If there was
direct, competition with other cafes the
monkeys would have to be discharged
and men employed at lower wages.
It Is said that at present there Is a
plan on foot to employ monkeys to pick
cotton in the fields of the South. Tho
promoters claim that by sending direct
to Africa for large numbers they can get
the animals very cheap. They also be
lieve that the apes will do more work
than negroes. It is difficult to realize
just how the plan Is to.be made a pay
ing one when the monkeys will require
several keepers,' must be fed and housed
and taxes paid for them, when skilled
negro cotton pickers can be obtained for
put the whole ten fingers around the phy
sician's throat.
This feat provoked unstinted praise
from every one. Khaldah then said: "It
Is very hard to do this with some people.
I could feel that the doctor was not help
ing me; In fact, that he was opposing me;
but the subject kept his mind so Intensely
on the movement to be performed that at
last we did it. didn't we?" turning to the
gentleman. "Didn't we?" -y,
"Let" me see if you are not more sym
pathetic," said Khaldah, addressing the
hostess' sister. "Think of something you
want me to do, some feat like putting out
a lamp and relighting it.". After a mo
ment's thought the lady said: "Very well,
I am ready." Khaldah took her hand
and gracefully led her around a table in
the library over to a bookcase, slid back
tht\ door, leaned over, picked up a pocket
kodak, crossed the room and. placed It on
the mantelpiece.
After supper Khaldah did the most mar
velous feat in his extensive repertory. He
said to the hostess:
"I am not an artist, but I will draw a
little something for your amusement. Will
you think very hard of some distinguished
person? Try to picture before your eyes
his or her profile and do not stir frora
where you stand."
Taking Mrs. Anyon's right hand ln his
left, he held the tips of her fingers tightly
between the first and second fingers of his
left hand. With his right hand he drew
upon a block of notepaper, held by tho
thumb and forefinger of his left hand, a
very good profile picture of Senator-elect
Chauncey M. Depew. Then, without
showing the picture to Mrs. Anyon, he
said: "Will you tell me whom you
thought of?" And the lady replied: "Of
Chauncey Depew." .-:/ ■y.y .".':-..
As the well-known features of this
other after-dinner entertainer were dis
played on the paper the little group of
lookers-on applauded vigorously.
"Mr. Khaldah, I think you find the
ladles too easy subjects," observed Dr.
Eleazarian. "Won't you draw the face of
some one. I am. thinking of this min
ute?" ,y. ■•■;:*■;'
"Certainly, certainly," responded Mr.
Khaldah",'" "I will, try. but you must try
to help.me this time and not oppose my
mind." • ,
Then Khaldah, with wonderful facil
ity, drew the prominent nose and in
evitable big turn-down collar that were
According to the census recently taken
by an Eastern college professor we have
about 30,000 monkeys in the United States.
In this connection the word "monkey"
Is made to cover the whole genus Simla,
and includes apes, baboons, orangou
tangs, gibbons,. chimpanzees, etc. And the
whole 30,000 makes a most interesting col
lection. Some are good and some are bad.
Some a-je smart and some are stupid. The
majority are stupid, but the very smart
ones more than make up for the others.
The highest place In the monkey fam
ily ls held by the gorilla, which walks
erect ln the African forests and has an
the distinguishing characteristic- of the
late Mr. Gladstone. And the doctor con
fessed he had had the Grand Old Man in
mind. _ , __
"I do not feel as fresh as I did earlier
In the evening," continued Khaldah,
turning to Mr. Mortimer, the well
known artist, who happened to be one
of Mr. Anyon's guests, "but you have
a very good eye. I think I could draw
a picture for you."
"I certainly wish you would," re
sponded Mr. Mortimer. The artist said
afterward that at first he had in mind
Grover Cleveland, but he thought Rich
ard Croker would be a harder profile for
Khaldah to draw, so he changed the
current of his thoughts from Princeton,
N. J., to the Democratic Club, New
York.
Khaldah was clearly puzzled by this
change of thought, and hesitated a
long while before putting pencil to pa
per. Meanwhile he held Mortimer's left
hand ln a vise-like grip and looked
steadily Into the latter's eyes, and then
down at the carpet. Slowly and with
Infinite pains Khaldah began to draw
the profile of Richard Croker. The
square-set jaw, the massive neck, the
firm lips and general appearance of de
termination and defiance were all
brought out with accuracy.
Then in response to requests from
several of the ladles Khaldah drew
other profile portraits. Including a rare
photograph of Sarah Bernhardt, which
the actress had given to Mrs. Ayer in
Paris years ago. The actress Is leaning*
forward in this picture, with lips open,
as if uttering a loud appeal.
Mrs. Ayer said that, she had set her
mind firmly on this open-mouth feature
of the picture which she possessed. Khal
dah puzzled over this picture for some
little time, drawing nose, lips and chin
several times before he could convince
himself that the mouth should be left
half open, if he were to reproduce the
picture Mrs. Ayer had in mind. But at
last he did so, to the delight of every
one. Then Mrs. Ayer asked him If he
would tell her what she was thinking of,
as he said he had done at an entertain
ment recently when Mr. Vanderbilt and
a number of others were 'participants In
one of those exhibitions.
"Well," he said, obligingly, "you think
of some event in your life that made a
very vivid Impression and I* will try to
tell you what lt Is." *.;';.*.'
Once more he held the subject's left
hand finger tips. ln his and told her to
concentrate her mind as strongly as pos
sible on the particular event she wanted
him to name. .":'*'
"You are thinking of a birth," he said.
"Oh, no, I am ' not," responded Mrs.
Ayer. y -*• j'rry yyr.^r - .'',-': "y ■;,■>;.
"You must be." he reiterated.
"But lam not. It Is something entirely
different." v './Vr^^'-v- •.':'■'-'"•' '
"Well, then, it was something very dan
gerous—an accident, perhaps."
After a few moments' pause, he said:
"You are thinking of the Chicago fire.
But you were not thinking of the right
Telepathic Portrait of Senator Depew.
date all the time. Your first date waa
that of a birth." £*-*"" ' y"
"You are right, Mr. Khaldah. Now
that you speak of it, I always think of a
tragic incident connected with a birth
that occurred the day before the great
fire in connection with that disaster. That
thought was in my mind when I gay*.
you the wrong date."
■ » ■ |**g
First tourist— That Indian seems to have
an awful load on. ;..*',*
"Yes. He has evidently followed Kip
ling's advice and taken up the white
man's burden."
articulate language which has been re
duced to writing by an eminent scientist,
who made a study of the subject in the
great beast's haunts. ( None of these ani
mals are known to have been captured
alive and brought to America or Europe.
Next comes the chimpanzee, and third
ls the orangoutang. Both of these spe
cies are well represented in the various
zoological collections and traveling me
nageries of this country.
The best specimens of the chimpanzee
are Jack and Sally, whose portraits ac
company this article and will make an In
teresting study. They appear here dressed
In civilized costume, which has worn oft
the long, thick hair from the covered
parts of their bodies, but they still wear
beards. The markings on their hands
are the same as on those of a human be
ing, their backbone terminates in the
same way and the general structure of
the skeleton ls the same, except that the
nasal bones are missing.
A chimpanzee who has not been amen
able to civilization is Chico, the partner
of the late lamented Crowley In Central
Park. lie Is 15 years old and never wore
clothes, so that his body is still covered
with hair. He ls very ferocious, and
some time ago. when his keeper entered
his cage to clean It. he leaped upon the
man and almost gnawed off his left hand
before help came.
A direct -contrast to the savage Chico
Is another chimpanzee named Jack, who
Is probably the most Intelligent In this
country. He is over seven years old and
he can do almost anything that an Ameri
can boy of his age can do. He dresses
himself, putting on his shoes nnd lacing
them, tells the time by his watch and
mounts and rides his bicycle. He is par
ticularly clever at posing for his photo
graph In any position his keepers request.
The pose shown in the accompanying pic
ture was taken especially for the World.
The best series of pictures of an ape
yet taken is that of Joe, an orangoutang
brought from Borneo to the Pacific Coast
by Edwards Brothers. * He is five years
old and Is so intelligent that he eats with
a knife and fork like a man, dresses to
represent an Irish laborer, smokes a pipe
and enjoys 'it and writes letters to his
friends ln Borneo. * -i '■>•? ', '
Another highly civilized chimpanzee is
the Queen of Borneo, who appears in tho
picture nursing her infant "the Babe."
She has reached the mature age of 19
years and gave birth to "th > Babe"
eighteen months ago. She sometimes
dresses in her idea of the latest styles,
but when engaged about her domestic
duties dons her Mother Hubbard. She
has always shown the strongest affection
for her child.
One of the most valuable contributions
to the literature of the ape [g the paper
by Mr. Hornaday. He sums' up the char
acteristics of the different types of apes
In these words:
"Among the higher apes the orangou
tang comes nearest to man In the number
of ribs (twelve pairs) and form of the
cerebral hemisphere, but differs from him
in other respects, especially in the limbs,
raore than do the gorilla and chimpan
zee. The chimpanzee approaches man
most closely in the character of its cra
nium, dentition and proportional size of
Its arms. The gorilla Is more manlike
in the proportion of the legs to the body,
size of the heel, curvature. of the spine,
form of pelvis and absolute capacity of
the cranium. In its habits the orang
outang resembles the gorilla and chim
panzee, which are not gregarious, while
the gibbons are.THEY WASH THE FEET
OF THE PIOUS ELECT
Singular Daily Life arjd Strange Ceremonies of the
Dun^ard Colonists in Southern
California. WV
One of the Ceremonies Conducted by the Dunkards in Southern California Last Week.
vi , Down the rows of men the tubs were carried along from one another. One after another removed
nis hoots and stockings and awaited the moment of his own foot-washing. When his next brother on the left had per
formed the office for him he rose in his bare feet and girding himself about with a towel (as the Gospels describe the
original Lorn Supper), knelt and washed and wiped the feet of the next brother on the right. As he laved the
brother feet he reverently uttered these words: "This do I humbly and affectionately for mv brother in Christ as the
Master did. The tubs of water and the towels passed slowly along the lines of Dunkard men. At the same time the
sisters were piously performing a like service for one another.
ONE who had never seen it would
scarcely have believed there could
be so solemn a period in buoyant,
blithesome and flippant California.
People were coming |n ones,
twos and threes down the road, In
the clear moonlight, and were solemnly
ascending the creaking wooden stairs to
an upper room of a cheap wooden build
ing. No one spoke. Even the children
who came that way and ascended to the
room were demureness personified.
There were gaunt, solemn-faced, silent
men, with bushy whiskers about their
throats and clean-shaved upper lips. The
men were all garbed exactly alike — long
black coats, fastened together with hooks
and eyes way to the chin, shod with
clanking boots and surmounted by very
broad-brimmed hats. There were also lit
tle, thin, Intensely serious faced women
who came down the road and silently
climbed to the upper room. They were
specimens of Immaculate cleanliness.
They were all gowned alike. That is,
they wore black gowns of severest pat
tern, black shawls without the least or
namentation and on their heads they
wore little bonnets of black fabric similar
to those of the Shakers.
This was in the colony of the strange
Dunkard sect ln the little foothill hamlet
of Lordsburg. in the northern part of Po
mona Valley, on the eastern edge of Los
Angeles County and close beside the main
line of the Santa Fe Railroad. The time
was last Sunday evening. ;
Then what followed In that upper room
was as touchingly solemn as one cannot
easily Imagine in these materialistic and
iconoclastic days. The Dunkard sect had
assembled from all over Southern Cali
fornia for a semi-annual observance of
the Lord's Supper and a performance of
the acts of the Master and his disciples
on that occasion. Nothing like it is
known west of the Dunkard colony at
McPherson, Kansas.
The room was long and narrow. A
Puritan meeting-house ln the days of
John Alden and Roger Williams could
hot have been more severely plain. No
carpets, no upholstery, no comfort or or
nament. But the neatness and tne quiet
solemnity. On one side sat on cheap
wooden benches several score of women
in their plain black gowns and their little
black bonnets close about their ears.
None of them looked up, and each was
wrapped In serious thought. A few wept
in silence. On the other side of the room
sat almost as many bewhiskered and
black-coated men equally serious and con
templative. The men's broad-brimmed
black hats hung In rows on the white
washed walls. At one end of the room
was a raised platform. Four aged men
with a prodigious growth of snow-white
whiskers and clean-shaven upper lips sat
there. The men on the floor were sep
arated from the women by long, narrow
tables, upon which Immaculate linen
spreads had been laid. A few Invited visi
tors, upon whom the oppressive silence
had its effect, sat on one side and lis
tened.
For a full half hour no one spoke. The
rustling of the foliage out of doors was
the only sound that came In upon the sol
emn scene. Then one of the aged men
on the platform rose with deliberation
and announced In slow, measured accent.*"
that the Lord's Supper would be observed
by the brothers and sisters, In Imitation
of that last night of the Master In Jeru
salem.
Several men and women went out, pres
ently reappearing each with a small tub
of water and towels. The men In turn
washed one another's feet. The women
did likewise among themselves. Down
the rows of men the tubs were carried
along from one to another. The brothers
one after another removed their boots
and stockings and awaited the moment
of his own foot-washing. When his next
brother on the left had performed the of
fice for him. he rose In his bare feet and
girding himself about with a towel fas
the Gospels describe the original Lord's
Supper) and knelt and washed and wiped
the feet of the next brother on the right.
As he laved the brother's feet he rever
ently Uttered these words: "This do I
humbly and affectionately for my brother
in Christ as the Master did." The tubs
of water and the towels passed slowly
along the lines of Dunkard men.
At the same time the sisters were pi
ously performing a like service for one
another. There was no sound save the
splashing of water, removal of hoots and
shoes and the almost Inaudible* benedic
tions of the brothers and sisters for one
another respectively. Occasionally a
brother or a sister, moved by the spirit
of the occasion, saluted one of the same
i-x with a silent kiss. Some men and wo
men wept ln the Intensity of the occa
sion.
When the feet of the last brother and
sister had been washed and the shoes had
been put on, there was a brief period of
silent prayer.
The towels -and tubs are removed and
the sisters bring in steaming bowls of
lamb soup and dishes heaping with slices
of bread. The brothers sit with downcast
eyes and think, while the sisters arrange
the food on the white-clothed tables. At
a signal the benches are carried to the
sides of the tables, and the sisters at
their table and the brothers at theirs sit
down' to commemorate the symbolic last
supper of the Master.
Not a sound is heard but that of the
spoons and the earthen bowls. as that as
semblage proceeds with the sacred feast.
Four persons eat from each bowl. As
each one finishes there is another silent
prayer. » ..
At a signal every one rises from the
benches. The brothers turn to one an
other and silently extend the right hana
of fellowship and at the same time salute
with the kiss of- brotherhood. The same
rite is performed at the same moment
among the sisters. In silence the assem
blage resumes the seats.
The ' four aged ministers break the
bread, and pitchers of unfermented wine
are brought In. ' The sacred communion
is th- administered. The bread broken
in tiny bits Is then passed in silence. Then
the wine is passed and sipped, followed
by a brief moment of prayer.
Lastly; following the Gospel narrative
of the Lord's Supper, the whole assem
blage slr.g a song and go out and home
in silence.
There are about 300 Dunkards in South
ern California, and nearly all live In and
about the "denominational colony at
Lordsburg. They have a college there,
and they are an unusually clannish sect.
They are always remarked by tourists
in Southern California for their stein se
verity of garb and their strange customs.
They call themselves brothers and sisters
in Christ. The brothers kiss when tak
ing leave of one another, and so do the
women. . y ' ' :
Almost daily one may see at the Lords
burg station a row of solemn-iaced. whis-
red Dunkard brothers kissing a fare
well to a departing brother. No Puritan
of stern Oliver Cromwell's time could
have held amusements in greater abhor
rence than do these folk. They hold
themselves and their children so firmly
apart from It that they probably have
an exaggerated and distorted Idea of the
wickedness of the world. Any attempt to
follow in the slightest degree current
fashion and manners Is looked upon as an
awful lapse Into sin. They allow no pub
lic money to be expended for their poor
or helpless members, -but provide for them
among themselves.
In Pennsylvania and Kansas the Dunk
ards are known as I -linkers. The pus
sian Mennonltes and the Amlsh sect of
the plains of Kansas and Nebraska are
closely allied to the Dunkards. The seel
had its origin In Germany, in the early
part of the eighteenth century, when
eight pious men. dissatisfied with the
pomp and vain formalities of the estab
lished churches, entered into a covenant
to reject all spiritual authority beyond
that contained in the New Testament.
That they might be consecrated in their
holy purpose they repaired to the Kiver
Eder. and were there burled with Chriat
in baptism— each one being Immersed or
dipped three,, times, in accordance with
their interpretation of the mode pre
scribed by the Gospel. This form of bap
tism to this day constitutes one of the
peculiarities of the religious practices of
tbe Dunkards, and upon which their name
is founded— being derived from the Ger
man tunken. meaning "to dip."
Meeting with persecutions in Europe
this peace-loving sect, whose sole desire
was to return to the primitive ways and
beliefs of early Christians, accepted the
friendly Invitation of William Perm to
settle In his colony in the new world. By
the year 1729 the entire fraternity found
Itself settled in the vicinity of German
town, near Philadelphia. From this point
the Dunkers gradually . spread out Into
other sections of the country.
The Bible Is read literally by the Dunk
ards. There's no allegory there. Six Bi
ble days means six, days, and all that
science says and , modern preachers in
other sects say. ls pure bjasphemy. Woe
to him .who tries to trip a veteran Dunk
ard in the preelse phrasing of a Bible
verse. The New Testament Is the sect's
inspired and infallible guide in every
phase of life. -They hove no patience with
speculative theology, and while they are
Intense arguers of their religious belief
they are seldom Interested in anything
else. Few of them . ever vote and politi
cal argument Is Scarcely tolerated. They
follow Christ's life closely. Because
Christ saluted his disciples with a kiss,
the Dunkards kiss one another in solemn
benediction. They believe heartily In non
resistance. They will not go to law and
they will not prosecute one who wrongs
them without tb,e consent of the church.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APEIL 9, 1899.
They interpret Christ's Injunction liter
ally by carrying their petty troubles to
church for settlement. Differences be
tween husband and wife and ill-feeling
in families are commonly adjusted by the
church.
They abhor a creed which palliates the
shedding of human blood, and they will
sacrifice all their possessions rather than
do military service. They abominate fire
arms ar.d weapons of defense of any kind.
Several years ago a young Dunkard was
put out of the church because he had
gone hunting several times ln spite of
brotherly warnings. In testifying in court
they do not "swear" but affirm, and no
brother may join a secret order. A Dunk
aid marriage bond may be dissolved 'only
by death. Divorce Is unknown in the
sec*. The church keeps Its poor, as the
members are all considered as belonging
to one common family. The sick are
healed by the elders, by anointing with
oil, but In extreme cases a doctor is usu
ally tailed in. They are strictly tem
perate and. In fact, are the oldest.prohi
bition organization in the I'nited States.
A cardinal sin of the Dunknrd doctrine
is unnecessary expenditure of money and
a display of prosperity or wealth. To
this end the sect prescribes a uniformity
of garb. The five-year-old boys and girls
are sometimes dressed as their serious
minded parents are. and the sight at
LorrlrPurg of five nnd six year old tod
dling bo.- s wearing long black coats,
closed to the chin, and surmounted with
broad-brimmed hats, at play with black
gowned and bonneted little girls, Is al
ways amusing to strangers.
Jewelry and decoration are not toler
ated. The Dunkard Is ever alert for fear
he may have some unconscious vanity.
For that reason he docs not build fine
bouses, do unnecessary traveling, get a
superior education and develop any ac
complishments. Very many Dunkard
homes have no reading matter, but sev
eral Bibles, and possibly a patent medi
cine almanac. Secular newspapers and
magazines are unknown quantities In a
large part of the homes of the richest
Dunkards. The rules of government of
the sect make it questionable for a mem
ber to have a portrait taken or a portrait
painted.
The Dunkards carry their religious be
liefs Into their Srery walk of life. They
will not give prora'ssory notes except to
one another of -be same sect, and they
seldom do that. The) [arelp'roud of their
word cf honor. They will not .mortgage
their- property. . If they are needy a. id
worthy the church will discuss the
brother's or sister's case In open meeting
and a vote will be taken whether to ex
tend the "weak vessel" financial. or other
help. A lazy Dunkard is an abomination
to the sect, but a *,ck and worthy one
Is sometimes tenderly nursed through a
generation.
A young Dunkard who proves his In
dustry and honesty of purpose can have
almost unlimited credit In a Dunkard
community. The sect Is very proud that
ft never lets a member get in the poor
house, and that one of its members In a
jail is almost unknown. They have no
salaried preachers, but they are wonder
fully c;eneroi*S with gifts. Their, places of
worship arc Puritanically plain, and their
services are somewhat like the Quakers'.
Meditation on the way to a life like
Christ's is a prime feature" of their Sun
day services. • * " • y -
Work, economy and humility are the
goals always kept before a devout Dunk
ard. They have no knowledge of the joys
of life as degenerate mankind in othct
sects know them. A Dunkard who plays
domino,.;., checkers, and above all, sin
ful games with cards or* billiards, would
be warned to desist or suffer expulsion.
A Dunkard who danced would not be dal
lied With, oven that long. Picnics and
church sociables are tabooed. The Dunk
aids have never found that Christ said
anything concerning such institutions, a
quiet ride to church in queer, srp.iare-cnv.
ered wagons is about all" the relaxation
that ls allowed the members. To this
must be added, visiting at one another's
homes. Friendly communion of this sort
Is their delight; nor is it confined to
neighborhood calls, for to it Is due one
of the sect's most Interesting customs-. *.
Here is a little story, which might be
called the sin of vanity. A young orphan
girl, after the death of her parents, found
her home with a rich old .uncle, a most
zealous member, of this peculiar sect and
a firm believer In all their eccentric doc
trines. He was a very old man now, and
these beliefs had been so fostered In his
mind and were now so hardened there
that he thought the only salvation for
the soul lay in such adherence. • The girl
was the daughter of a favorite sister and
he loved those of his own blood. He was
willing to give her the advantages of edu
cation and gentle training and make her
heiress to his wealth if she would make
his religion hers and conform her young
life to- these * ascetic doctrines of self
denial and repression.
But listen. She had a pair of liquid
brown eyes,; quantities of waving brown
hair and a singularly white, transparent
skin. These defeated the course of early
piety.: Many-were the arguments against
the sin of vanity and conformity to . the
ways of -wordllness launched against her
soul.. Some of them almost convinced; her
that she was pliable of mind and sweet
of temper— but, oh, how ugly she looked
In a little Dunkard bonnet! If they would
only let her wear a. hat. So came about
that when this maiden looked in the mir
ror and was confronted by that pair of
eyes— more eloquent to her. than quires of,
sermons— she asked herself questions.,
' And then a man fell in love with her, a
'man who did not care In the least If she
'wore hats with innumerable feathers—ln
deed, who bad no prejudice against any
form of feminine vanity. And one Sun
day the people of the little village looked
out from behind their blinds to see a
strange sight. There was little Miss
Mary walking with her beau, with a hat
on her head and a magnificent feather
waving defiantly In the air, She had,' too,
a new dress, and lt was cut with no Pu
ritanical severity, but after the' latest
fashions from Paris, which had in the
course of time reached the village, and
her jacket had the correct sort of sleeves;
and - there she was. looking sweet and
lovely and not at all wicked.* But her
uncle was as hard-hearted as If he was
The chest Man in Greenland
From a Special Photograph Taken Just Outside
. '";■'; His Hume. \-^ts^
In the first chapter of a novel, and he
cut her oft* forever as his heiress. She
was not mentioned In the will.
_ — ; V-o-*- — —
Why 1900 is No a b*ap Year.
The year 1900 will not be counted
among -the leap years. The year Is 365
days, five hours and forty-nine minutes
long; eleven minutes are taken every
year to make the year "-"U days fond
and every fourth year we have an extra
.'.ay. ~- ' .-.ty "„,*••, .
: This was Julius Caesar's arrangement.
Where do those eleven minutes come
from? They < erne from the' future, and
are paid by omitting a leap year .every
one hundred years. But if leap year Is
omitted regularly every one nundredui
j ear. m the course of four hundred years.
It Is found that the eleven /minutes taken
each yerfr will not only have been paid
back, but a whole day will have been
given up.
So Cope Gregory XI II. who Improved
on Caesar's calendar In 1862, decreed that
every .centurlal year -divisible' by four
should be a leap year after all. So we
borrow, eleven minutes every year, more
than paying our borrowings back by
omitting three leap years in three een
turlal years, and square matters by hav
ing a lean year in the fourth centurlal
year. Pope Gregory's arrangement Is
so exact, and the borrowing and Maying
back balance so closely, that we borrow
more than we pay back to the extent of.
one day In $868 year.*-.
An expedition recently sent out from
England to the Hurra** Igl*uid3 has
brought some interesting information
about the Islanders. Those primitive peo
ple, it appears, cannot count higher than
two. "Netat" is their word for one and
"nets" for two. When they want to say :
three they say "one-two" inetats-nets).
and when they want to say four they say
"two-two" (nets-nets).
Higher figures than these they express
by means of their bodies. 'Thus, they be
gan to count from the little finger of the
left hand and proceeding thence to the
other fingers they successively reach the
wrist, the arm, the shoulder, the collar
bone, the chest, the right shoulder, the
right arm. the right wrist and finally the
fingers of the right hand. In this way
they can count as high, as thirty-one.
When they want to express a higher
number. than this they can, only use the
word "gaire."' which signifies many. This
ancient method of counting, however, Is
fast disappearing, thanks to the stren
uous efforts which the English are mak
ing to teach the islanders the ordinary
rules of arithmetic. Ethnologists there
fore are especially glad that information
about this ancient method of counting
has come to them just as It' was on the
point of disappearing forever. * .
Peddler— Wouldn't you like some mot
toes for your house, mum? It's cheer
ing to a husband to see : a nice motto
on the wall when he comes home. ■ ■-.
Mrs. de Jagg— might sell me one lf
you've got one that says "Better Late
Than Never."— New York Week!
OWNS TEN WIVES
AND A GLASS WINDOW
Rapid Rise of the Richest Native of GreeQlaQd and
; flow He Became the Vanderbilt of
:'-::; Julianshaab.
yyX '■. Special to The Sunday Call.
|T A : 'X T HEN the Arctic whaling fleet
a ". /| /. returned from the north last
WHEN the brought word that
returned from the north last
season lt brought word that
V Wl Kor-ko-ya had placed a new
JL JL window in his house. As a
matter of news In ordinary
* building circles this would
pass unnoticed, but to those "who have
traveled where the sun shines at midnight
the intelligence Is extremely Interesting.
For a decade of years the growing opu
lence of Kor-ko-ya, otherwise known as
"the Eskimo millionaire," has been
watched with great curiosity by the
whalers and the occasional explorer. .He
has long been known as a thrifty man,
as thrift goes In the Arctic regions, but
it is only of late that his fortune has as
sumed really wonderful proportions.
It is said that he now owns no fewer
than seven kayaks and a full score of
bone-tipped double-bladcd paddles. His
stock of blubber for' the winter of 1597-9S
consisted of over sixty "parcels" weigh
ing 100 pounds each. In addition to this
he sold to traders half as many, receiv
ing in part payment the new window al
ready mentioned.
His thirty dogs are all crossed with th<»
Newfoundland breed, which makes them
especially valuable for hauling purposes,
and of a better flavor as an article of
diet in time of famine. Of sealskins, fox
skins, bearskins, raw eiderdown, feathers,
Whalebone, narwhal Ivory and reindeer
hides he has enough to keep him in plenty
for some years.
Ten Strong Jawed Wives.
.But It is in wives that he is considered
richest. In his home Igloo up on the
western shore of Baffin Bay he has ten,
all particularly strong of Jaw, and able
to keep Kor-ko-ya's stock of clothing ever
soft and pliable. The Importance of this
will be understood when the Eskimo cus
tom of chewing skins Is understood.
Up In the polar circle, where a man's
blood freezes and parts of him drop off
at the touch of the icy blast, it ls a
difficult matter to beep the untanned
skins from hardening and cracking.
There Is only one process known' to the
Eskimo, that of chewing. It is neces
sary to perform this operation every
two or three months, and It is a part of
the wives' duties. It is for that reason
that an Eskimo selects his future help
mates, not for beauty, comeliness of fig
ure, nor for gentleness of disposition, but
for the size of their teeth and the
strength of their jaws.
Wives are bought, sold and exchanged
among the Eskimo. The price fluctuates
like that of wheat or corn, or stocks
on Wall street. A father with a growing
daughter will be approached by a neigh
bor and offered one, two or three dogs
for her, according to her maxillary pow
ers. Sometimes a blue foxskin or a dozen
strips of blubber may enter Into the bar
gain, but dogs are generally the factor
used. - , -. .
From this ft can be seen that Kor
ko-ya's plurality of wives is considered
proof of his wealth among his friends.
There are other evidences which will be
described later.
Kor-ko-ya was born ln 1541 at a small
native settlement a short distance north
of what is now the Danish town of
Jullanshaab, in Greenland. He left his
home at an early age and crossed Baf
fin Bay. making his igloo with another
trlbo famous as hunters of seal. He
was known to some of the early explor
ers, and acted as head guide and chief
teamsman to them.
He attracted notice even In his teens
as a thrifty youth, and rrom that time
became prominent among the Eskimo.
Saving is an unknown art to the Indians
of the Arctic regions, and it Is seldom
they accumulate enough even to last them
"Bring the Child, Too," Said Kor-Yo-Ka, "Jhere is.jtoom for Both."
throughout the long winter. Certain rules
of the tribes make it incumbent upon
them to help their needy neighbors, and
for that reason the individual members
neglect to lay by stores for the morrow.
Kor-ko-ya became an exception. He was
a skillful hunter and a shrewd trader, and
before he was 20 his main igloo became
the center of the village, in regard to fit
tings and attractiveness. The tribe to
which he had attached himself was one
of the largest and most influential of that
part of the country, and by his twenty
fifth year Ker-ko-yah was recognized as
the head of it. It is said that men came
200 miles to consult him in affairs of the
chase and trade.
Lawyer and Weather Prophet.
His method of giving advice was char
acteristic of him. He charged for his
services, and graded his. schedule of fees
very like that of a lawyer In a civilized
community. In that he was wise, several
hundred years beyond his generation. His
neighbors and men of other tribes worked
for thing and then stole as a recom
pense.
Kor-ko-ya asked two foxsklns for fore
telling the weather during the long sleep.
He demanded pay in advance, and if he
said the Ice would break early and it did
not be would meet the . questioners with
this simple truth: .. '.
"Kor-ko-ya told what was in his knowl
edge, but he could not tell the doings of
Kokola, the great sea-woman, who pass
eth all understanding. She held the Ice
after it was ready to break."
If persistence was shown he would si
lently offer to return the foxskins. They
were never taken, because to Incur the
displeasure of Kor-ko-ya meant trouble,
and trouble a-plenty In that region,
which goes to show that the wily Eskimo
was only following the practices of men
below the Ice belt. Whalers have been
known to refer to Kor-ko-ya. as "that Es
kimo boss."
Be that as It may, the fact remains
that Kor-ko-ya waxed rich as the years
passed. To comfortably house his wives,
his dogs and his possessions during the
great cold each winter requires an igloo
of greater pretense than the usual run of
Eskimo ice. huts. *'-.\y
Like the wealthy, men of other climes
who have seen their fortunes grow, he
was content at flrst with sleeping room
In an ordinary Igloo. As a young man he
lived amid the squalor and stench of a
hut sheltering a dozen people of both
sexes. He kept his solitary dog with the
others, occupying the tunnel leading from
the outside into the Igloo, and he was
fain to have his clothing softened by the
ancient teeth of an old woman who did
it for gain.
Life During the Great Famine.
In those days he fished and hunted and
speared from morning until ! night, and
brought in such trophies of his skill that
people began to talk of him. j During the
time of the great famine, when the Es
kimo were compelled to travel so far
south to secure food that the sun burned
them, Kor-ko-ya killed In single com
bat a lean white bear whose hunger had
given It the strength of ten, and then
calmly gave part of his share of the
eagerly coveted meat to a neighbor whose
leg had been broken by a sled.
For this act of charity men said Kor
ko-ya was under a spell and . that the
white glare had entered his brain.
A few months later, when plenty began
to come. and the ice broke and the seal
dotted the edge of the spreading waters,
one of the tribe living in that village
slipped into a crevice hunting and was
lost. He left a widow and a small babe
at the breast, and, according to the cus
tom, lt came to pass that she set forth
to kill the child.
The widow set forth to kill her babe
as she had seen other widows do in her
time. .She was of the age when a hus
band ls necessary for sustenance. She
could not work because young women
did not labor save for their lords. And
she could not marry with a child, be
cause no man would take her thus bur
dened. It was meet and right and the
law of custom to kill her. babe.
How Kor-ko-ya Won His First Wife.
The trodden snow about the igloos held
the greater part of the village when she
started on her errand. There were sor
rowing faces, and some of the spectators
beat their breasts as they watched her
thread the narrow ways. She was comely
of feature, but grief made her old, and as
she staggered on hugging the tiny bundle
ln her arms she seemed as a stranger to
the spectators. ,
Kor-ko-ya's igloo was on the outskirts
of the village. As the widow passed lt
he appeared and gazed into her face. Then
he stopped her.
"Lutangwa," he said simply, "will you
make an Igloo with me?"
Those who heard marveled. An Eskimo
never asks a woman to marry him; It is
he who grants the favor. And Lutangwa
was not a bargain. Her teeth were rather
scant, and she* had suffered with a trouble
at one time. Then, to make it more won
derful, Kor-ko-ya was a hunter whose
fame was growing. And he had. some
blubber and bear meat already stored in
the ice nearby.
The widow nodded. Her stupefaction
was too great for words. After a mo l
ment she recalled her errand and started
to move away, but Kor-ko-ya stopped her
again.
"Where ls Lutangwa going?" he
asked. y:f "
The woman made a gesture toward the
child In her arms. Then she looked up at
the stolid Eskimo with all her mother
love reflected In her face. She had no hope
that the rigorous custom would be broken
for her sake, but the babe was her all.
"Come with me, Lutangwa," said Kor
ko-ya.
"But my child—"
Kor-ko-ya took her by the arm and led
her to his igloo. Into which they disap
peared. There was no comment made by
the spectators. They doubted the testi
mony of their eyes, and it was not until
'they saw Lutangwa Installed with the
suckling babe In the skin pouch at her
back that they realized the truth.
From that time what Kor-ko-ya did
was accepted as Inspired. When he built
a hut of stone and moss instead of ice
his neighbors considered it was all right—
for him. When he made a tube of bits
of stray wood and Inserted lt in the roof
for the purpose of ventilation they com
mented not, but when, ln time, he bought
a cabin window from an ice-bound whaler,
paying for it many fox and reindeer skins,
and placed it in the wall of his igloo, the
news spread far and wide that Kor-ko-ya
was dead and that the soul of a white
man's devil had come in his place.
But he continued on in the tenor of his
way and hunted and fished and saved and
waxed rich. As the years passed his
fame spread and men came from beyond
the water to. see his riches and to step in
side his hut to look out through the glass
window and to go outside to look In.
He became well known to the hardy
: whalers, and to-day his doings form a
subject of comment and interest in more
than one country. And this why the
news that he had placed another window
in his house was carried lover 2000 miles o
ice and water, to be discussed over pipf
and ale in a dozen civilized seaports.
2122
THE following events occurred on a
small island of isolated position
In a large Canadian lake, to
whose cool waters the wealthy
Inhabitants of Montreal and To-
ronto flee for rest and recreation
in the hot months. It is only 'to
be regretted that events of such peculiar
Interest to the genuine student of the
psychical should be entirely uncorrob
orated. Such unfortunately, however. Is
the case. .'yviV
Our own party of nearly twenty had re
turned to Montreal that very day, and I
was left in solitary possession for a week
or two longer, in order to accomplish
pome Important "reading" of the law
which I had foolishly neglected during the
summer.
It was late in September, and the big
trout and maskinonge were stirring them
selves in the depths of the lake, and be
ginning slowly to move up to the surface
waters as the north winds and early frosts
lowered their temperature.
With a whole island to one's self, a two
story cottage, a canoe, and only the chip
munks.' and the farmer's weekly visit wtih
eggs and bread, to disturb one, the oppor
tunities for hard reading might be very
great. It all depends!
A thorough search of the house led me to
select as my own sleeping quarters a lit
tle room with a diminutive balcony over
the veranda roof. The room was very
small, but the bed was large, and had the
best mattress of them all. It was situ
ated directly over the sitting room where
I should live and do my "reading." and
the miniature window looked out to the
rising sun. With the exception of a nar
row path which led from the front door
and veranda through the trees to the boat
landing the Island was densely covered
with maples, hemlocks and cedars.
A week passed by, and the "reading"
progressed favorably. On the tenth day
of my solitude a strange thing happened.
I awoke after a good night's sleep to find
myself possessed with a marked repug
nance for my room. The air seemed to
stifle me. The more I tried to define the
cause of this dislike the more unreason
able it appeared. There was something
about the room that made me afraid.
The morning hours I spent in steady
reading; and when I broke off In the
middle of the day for a swim and
luncheon, I was very much surprised, if
not a little alarmed, to And that my dis
like for the room had. lf anything, grown
stronger. Going upstairs to get a book,
I experienced the most marked aversion
to entering the room, and while within
I was conscious all the time of an uncom
fortable feeling that was half uneasiness
and half apprehension. The result of It
was, that Instead of reading. I spent the
afternoon on the water, paddling and
fishing.
As sleep was an important matter to
me at this time. I had decided that lf my
aversion to the room was as strongly
marked on my return as lt had been be
fore. I would move my bed down Into the
sitting-room, and sleep there. This was,
I argued, In no sense a concession to an
absurd and fanciful fear, but simply a
precaution to Insure a good night's sleep.
I accordingly moved my bed v downstairs
Into a corner of the sitting-room facing
the door, and was moreover uncommon-
ly glad when the operation was completed
and the door of the bedroom closed fin
ally upon the shadows, the silence and the
strange fear that shared the room with
them.
Outside the night was still and' warm.
Not a breath of air was stirring; the
waves were silent, the trees motionless;
and heavy clouds hung like an oppressive
curtain over the heavens. The darkness
seemed to have rolled up with unusual
swiftness, and not the faintest glow of
color remained to show where the sun had
set. There was present in "the atmos
phere that ominous and overwhelming
silence which so often precedes the most
violent storms.
Ah the night wore on the silence deep
ened. Even the chipmunks were still i
and the boards of the floors and walls
ceased creaking. I read on steadily till,
from the gloomy shadows of the kitchen*
came the hoarse sound of the clock strik
ing 9. How loud the strokes sounded I
There were like blows of a big hammer.
I closed one book and opened another,
feeling that I was Just warming up to my*
work.
This, however, did not last long. I
presently found that I was reading the
same paragraphs .-over twice, simple
paragraphs that did not require such ef
fort. Then I noticed that my mind be
gan i to wander to other things, and the
effort to .. recall my thoughts became
■ harder: with 'each digression. Concentra
tion was growing momentarily more dif
fult. •
Something was evidently at work ln my
sub-consciousness. There was some
thing I had neglected to do. Perhaps the
kitchen door and windows were not fast
ened. I accordingly went to see, and
found that they were! ' The fire perhaps
needed attention. I went .to: see,.* and
found that It was all, right! ••
When I at' length settled Mown to my
books again and tried to read, % I became
aware, for the first time, that the room
seemed growing cold. Yet the day had
been' oppressively warm, and evening had
brought- no •• relief. The six big lamps,
y '^"iyyy ':
moreover, gave out heat enough to warm
the room pleasantly..
For a brief moment I stood looking out
at the shaft, of light that fell from the
windows and shone some little distance,
down the pathway, and out for a few
feet Into the lake.
As I looked, I saw a canoe glide Into
the pathway of light, and Immediately
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 9, 1899.
A HAUNTED ISLAND
crossing It, pass out of sight again into
the darkness. It was perhaps a hundred
feet from the shore, and It moved swiftly.
I was surprised that a canoe should pass
the Island at that time of night, for all
the summer visitors from the other side
of the lake had gone home weeks before,
and the island was a long way out of any
line of water traffic.
My readings, from 'this moment did not
make very good progress, for somehow
the picture of that canoe, gliding so
dimly and swiftly across the narrow track
of light on the black waters, silhouetted
Itself against the background of my mind
with singular vividness. It kept, com
ing between my eyes and the . printed
page. The more I thought about it the
more surprised I became. It was of
larger build than any I had seen during
the summer months, and was more like
the old Indian war canoes with the high
curving bows and stern and wide beam.
The more I tried to read, the less success
attended my efforts; and finally I closed
my book and wept out on the veranda to
walk up and down- a bit, and shake the
chilliness out of my bones.
The night was perfectly still, and as
dark as Imaginable. I stumbled down
the path to the little landing wharf, where
the water made the very faintest of
gurgling under the timbers. The sound
of a big tree falling In the mainland for
est, far across the lake, stirred echoes in
the heavy air, like the first guns of a dis
tant night attack. No other sound dis
turbed the stillness that reigned supreme.
As I stood upon the wharf in the broad
splash of light that followed me from the
sitting-room windows, I saw another
canoe cross the pathway of uncertain
light upon the water, and disappear at
once into the impenetrable gloom that
lay beyond. This time I saw more dis
tinctly than before. It was like the forme
canoe, a big birch-bark, with high-crested
bows and stern and broad beam. It was
paddled by two Indians, of whom the one
In the stern— the steerer— appeared to be a
very large man. I could see this very
plainly; and though the second canoe was
much nearer the island than the flrst, I
Judged that they were both on their way
home to the Government reservation.
which was situated some fifteen miles
away upon the mainland. . -y '-'-•.
t l was wondering In' my mind what
could possibly bring any Indians down to
this part of the. lake at such an hour of
' the night, when a third canoe, of pre
cisely similar build, and also occupied by
two Indians, passed silently round the end
of the wharf. This time the canoe was .
very much nearer shore, and It suddenly •
flashed Into my mind that th£ three ca- .
noes were ln reality one and tlie same,
and that only one canoe was circling the
island. -*; ■--..;
This was by no means a pleasant re
flection, because if it were the correct so
lution of the unusual appearance of the
three canoes ln this lonely part of the
lake at so late an hour, the purpose of
the two men could only reasonably be
considered to be ln some way connected
with myself. I had never known of the
Indians attempting any violence upon the
settlers who shared the wild, inhospita
ble country with them; at the same time
it was not beyond the region of possibil
ity to suppose. * * • But then I did not
care to even think of such hideous possi
bilities, and my imagination immediately
sought relief in all manner of other so
lutions to the problem, -which indeed came
readily enough to my mind, but did not
succeed In recommending themselves to
my reason.
Meanwhile, by sort •of instinct, I
stepped back out of the bright light ln
which _■ had hitherto been standing, and
waited in the deep shadow of a rock to
see if .the canoe would again make its
appearance. Here I could see and no*
be seen, and the precaution seemed a wise
one. <:■ ryy ryir'y.
After less than flve minutes the canoe,
as I had anticipated, made Its fourth ap
pearance. This time It was not twenty
yards from the wharf, and I saw thav
the Indians meant to land. I recognized
the two men as those who had passed be
fore, and the steerer was certainly an im
mense fellow. It was unquestionably the
same canoe. There could be no longer
any doubt that for some purpose of their
own the men had been. going round and
round the Island for some time, waiting
for an opportunity to land. I strained my
eyes to follow; them In the darkness, but
the night had completely swallowed them
up, and not even the faintest swish of the
paddles reached my ears as the Indians
piled their long and powerful strokes.,
The canoe would be round again ln a few
moments, and this time It was possible
that the men might land. It was well *
to be prepared. I knew nothing of their
intentions, and two to one (when the two
are big Indians!) late at night on a lone
ly island was not exactly my Idea of
pleasant intercourse.
In a corner of the sitting-room, leaning
up against the back wall, stood my Mar
lln rifle, with ten cartridges ln the maga
zine and one lying snugly ln the greased
breach. There was Just time to get up
to the house and take up a position of
defense in that corner. Without an In
stant's^ hesitation I ran up to the ver
anda, carefully picking my way among
the trees, so as to avoid being seen In
the light. Entering the room, I shut the
. door leading to the veranda, and as quick
ly as possible turned out every one of
the six lamps. To be In a room so bril
liantly lighted, where my every move-.. :
ment could be ,' observed from outside, ,
while I could see nothing but lmpene- I
BY BLGERl O iJBLfiCW
trable darkness at every, window, was b>
all laws of warfare an unnecessary con
cession to the enemy. And this enemy, If
enemy it was to be, was far too wily
and. dangerous to be granted any such
advantages.
I stood ln the corner of the room, with
my back against the tvall and my band
on the cold rifle barrel. The table cov
ered with my books lay between me and
th* door, but for the flrst few minutes
after the lights were out the darkness
was so Intense that nothing could be dis
cerned at all. Then, very gradually, the
outline of the room became visible and
the framework of the windows began to
shape itself dimly before my eyes. .After
a few minutes the door" (its upper half of
glass), and the two windows that looked
out upon the front veranda, became
specially distinct; ano I was glad 'hat this
was so. because if the Indians came up to
the house I should be able to see their
annroach. and gather something of their
plans. Nor was, I mistaken, for there
presently came to my ears the peculiar
hollow, sound of a canoe landing and be
ing carefully dragged up over the rocks.
The paddles I - distinctly heard j being
placed underneath, and the j silence that
ensued; thereupon I rightly Interpreted to
mean that the Indians were stealthily ap
proaching the : house.
While it would be absurd to claim that
X was not alarmed— even .. frightened— at
the gravity of the situation and Jts pot*
slble outcome. I speak the whole truth
when I say that I was not overwhelmingly
afraid of myself. I was conscious that
even at this stage of the night I was
passing Into a psychical condition in which
my sensations seemed no longer normal.
Physical fear at no time entered Into the
nature of my feelings; and though I kept
my hand upon my rifle the greater part of
the night. I was all the time conscious
that its assistance could be of little avail
against the terrors that I had to face.
More than once I seemed to feel most cu
riously that I. was in no real, sense a part
of the proceedings, nor actually Involved
ln them, but that I. was playing the part
of a spectator— a spectator, moreover, on
a psychic rather than on a material piano.
Many of my sensations that night were
too vague ; for definite . description and
analysis, but, the main feeling that will
stay with me to the end of my days is the
awful horror, of It all, and the miserable
sensation that if the strain had lasted
a little longer than was actually the case
my mind must InevitaL v have given
away. , iy •-1 V
Meanwhile I stood still ln my corner and
waited patiently for what , was to come.
The house was as still as the grave, but
the Inarticulate voices of the night sang
ln my ears and I seemed to hear the blood
running In my veins and dancing in my
pulses.
If the Indians came to the back of the
house they would, find the kitchen door
and window securely fastened. They could
not get In there without making consid
erable noise, which I was bound to hear.
The only means of getting ln was the door
that faced: me, and I kept my eyes glued
on that door without, taking them off for
the smallest fraction of a second.
My sight adapted itself every minute
better to the darkness. I saw the table
that nearly filled the room, and left only
a narrow passage on each side, I could
also make out the straight backs of the
wooden chairs pressed up- against it, and
could even distinguish my papers and ink
stand lying on the white oilcloth covering.
I thought of the gay faces that had gath
ered around that table during the sum
mer, and I longed for the sunlight as I
had never longed for it before.
Less than three feet* to my left the
passage-way led to the kitchen, and the
stairs leading to the bedrooms above
commenced la this passage-way, but al
most ln the sitting-room Itself. Through
the windows I could see the dim, mo
tionless outlines of the trees; not a leaf
stirred, not a branch moved. yfv ',
A. few moments of this awful silence,
and then I was aware of a soft tread on
the boards of the veranda, so stealthy it
seemed an impression directly on my
brain rather than upon the nerves of
hearing. Immediately afterward a black
figure darkened the glass door, and. I per
ceived that a face was pressed against
the upper panes. A shiver ran down my
back, and my hair was conscious of a ten
dency to rise and stand at right angles to
my head. . ':■/, y« r i:
It was the figure of an Indian, broed
shouldered and Immense; Indeed, the
largest figure of a man I have ever seen
outside of a circus hall. By some power
of light th At seemed to generate Itself In
the brain, \ I saw the strong dark face
with the aquiline nose and high cheek
bones flattened against the i glass. The
direction of the gaze I could not deter
mine, but faint gleams of light as the big
eyes rolled round and showed their
whites told me plainly that no corner of
the room escaped their searching.
For what seemed fully five minutes the
dark figure stood there, with the hugs
shoulders bent forward so as to bring the
head down to the level of the glass; while
behind him, though not nearly so large,
swayed to and fro like a bent tree the
shadowy form of the other Indian. 'While
I waited in an agony of suspense and agi
tation for their next movement, little cur
rents of ley sensation ran up and down
my . spine, and my heart seemed alter
nately to stop beating, and then start
off again with terrifying rapidity. They
must have heard its thumping and the
singing of the blood in my head! More
over, I was conscious, as I felt a cold
stream of perspiration trickle down my
face, of a desire to scream, to shout, to
bang the walls like a child, to make a
noise, or do anything that would relieve
the suspense and bring things to a speedy
climax. '. : \
It was prObably this inclination that led
me to another discovery, for when I tried
to bring my rifle from behind my back
to raise it and have lt pointed at the door
ready to Are, I found that I was powerless
to move. The muscles, paralyzed by this
strange fear, refused to obey the will.
Here indeed was a terrifying complica
tion!
There was a faint sound of rattling at
the brass knob and the door -was pushed
open a couple of Inches. A pause of a
few seconds, and lt was pushed open still
farther. Without a sound of footseps that
was appreciable to my ears, the two fig
ures gilded into the room, and the man
behind gently closed the door after him.
They were alone with me between the
four walls. Could they see me standing
there, so still and straight in my corner?
Had they, perhaps, already seen me? My
blood surged and sang like the roll of
drums in an orchestra; and though I did
my best to suppress my breathing lt
sounded like the rushing of wind through
a pneumatic tube. '
My suspense as to the next move was
soon at an end — however, to give
place to a new and keener > alar_i. The
men had hitherto exchanged | no words
and no signs, but there were general indi
cations of a movement across the room.
and whichever way they went they would
have to jjass round the table. If they
came my way they would have to pas*
within six Inches of my person. While
I was considering this very disagreeable
possibility I perceived that the smaller
Indian (smaller by comparison) suddenly
raised his arm and pointed to the ceiling.
The big fellow raised his head and fol
lowed the direction of his companion's
arm. I began to understand at last. They
were going upstairs, and the room direct
ly overhead to which they pointed had
been until this night my bedroom. It was
the room in which I had experienced that
very morning so strange a sensation of
fear, and but for which I should then
have been lying asleep ln the narrow bed
against the window.
The Indians then began to move silently
around the room; they were going up
stairs, and they were coming round my
side of the table. So stealthy were their
movements that, but for the abnormally
sensitive state of the nerves, I should
ne,ver have heard them. As lt was, their
cat-like tread was distinctly audible. Like
two monstrous black cats they came
round the table toward me. and for the
first time I perceived that the smaller of
the two dragged something on the floor
behind him. As lt trailed along over the
floor with a soft, sweeping sound, I some
how got the impression that it was a
large dead thing with outstretched wings,
or a large spreading cedar branch.'
"Whatever it was, I was unable to see It
even in outline, and I was too terrified,
even had I possessed the power over my
muscles, to carry my neck forward ln the
effort to determine Its nature.
Nearer and nearer they came. The
leader rested a giant hand upon the table
as he moved. My lips were glued together
and the air seemed to burn In my nostrils.
I tried to close my eyes, so that I might
not see as they passed me; but my eye
lids had stiffened and refused to obey.
Would they never get by me? Sensation
seemed also to have left my legs, and It
was as If I were standing on mere sup
ports of wood or stone. Worse still, I was
conscious that I was losing the power of
balance, the power to stand upright or
even to lean backward against the wall.
Some force was drawing me forward, and
a dizzy terror seized me that I should
lose my balance and topple forward
against the Indians Just as they were ln
the act of passing me.
Even moments drawn out Into hours
must come to an end some time, and al
most before I knew It the figures had
passed me and had their feet upon the
lower step of the stairs leading to the
upper bedrooms. There cannot have been
six Inches between us, and yet I was con
scious only of a current of cold air that
followed them. They had not touched me.
and I was convinced that they had not
seen me. Even the" trailing thing on the
floor behind them had not touched my
feet, as I had dreaded it would, and on
such an occasion as this I was grateful
even for the smallest mercies.
The absence of the Indians from my m
mediate neighborhood brought little sense
of relief. I stood shivering and shudder
ing ln my corner, and, beyond being able
to breathe more freely. I felt no whit less
uncomfortable. Also I was aware that a
certain light, which, without apparent
source or rays, had enabled me to follow
their every gesture and movement, had
gone out of the room with their de
parture. An unnatural darkness now
lilled the room, and pervaded its every
corner, so that I could barely make out
the positions of the windows and the
glass doors.
As I said before, my condition was evi
dently an abnormal one. The capacity for
feeling seemed, as in dreams, to
be wholly absent. My senses recorded
with unusual accuracy every smallest oc
currence, but I was able to draw only the
Simplest deductions.
The Indians soon reached the top of the
eeab-s. and there they halted for a mo
ment. I had not the faintest clew as to
their next movement. They appeared to
hesitate. .They were listening attentively
Continued on Page Thirty-Two,Fossit Whale Found on a Mountain Top
PROFESSOR LAWSON'S OPINION AS TO HOW THE WHALE'S HEAD CAME
TO BE ON TOP OF THE COAST RANGE.
THE history of the Coast Range of California," said Professor Lawson of the State University, "is that
of a series of risings and submersions. Long ago, when the Sierra Nevada Mountains were firmly lo
cated where they are now, after having passed through the formation process of the Juarassic period,
the coast of California was in a state of great disturbance. . . .
"The whole range of country was constantly being upheaved and then lowered again into the depths of
the ocean. From all we can learn this happened about seven times. . The last time this happened it re
mained beneath the water for centuries and centuries, long enough for the sandstone to be deposited. As
the different marine creatures died, the whale among them, the solid parts, such as bone, settled Into the
sand and became Imbedded there. Then ages and ages passed until several feet of solid stone were on top
of the whale's bones.
"When the last upheaval came the whole bottom of the ocean was lifted skyward and naturally the re
mains of all kinds of flsh, etc., were taken along and left miles and miles inland from tffe water. That is
the reason that we can go down into Monterey County and dig flsh bones that are thousands of years old.
"The common supposition that a tidal wave once swept over the country and left the creatures to die on
the mountain tops is only a supposition that has not the least foundation in geological fact."
A FOSSIL whale's head, the remains
of oysters and other things of the
sea have Just been unearthed in
Monterey County, at a place 2300
feet above the sea level and eigh
teen miles Inland from the present
coast line.
Monterey County has furnished many
strange bones of past life to the prying
scientist, but nothing more curious than
this has come out of her hills. Scientists
agree that it is the most important find
of Its kind ln recent years. The James
burg region, ln which these fossil remains
were discovered, contains an area about
sixty miles square which has proved ex
ceedingly rich ln relics of ancient man
and other animals.
Specimens found in the Santa Lucia
Mountains, six miles south of Salinas, re
mains of extinct animals and peculiar
rock formations are also very valuable,
being second only to those coming from
the Jamesburg conntry.
A noteworthy fact regarding these fos
sils Is that the petrifactions of land ani
mals are nearly all found at a much lower
altitude than those of marine animals, the
remains of a mastodon have come from
the Santa Lucia Mountains some 300 feet
above sea level, while a whale's head fos
sil, huge petrified oysters, flsh fins, barna
cles and other forms of sea life were
found embedded In a ridge of sandstone
at least 2500 feet above the sea and a dis
tance of eighteen miles Inland. Scientists
would, doubtless, be able to explain this
phenomenon as a natural consequence of
the change of conditions in accordance
with the transition from one geological
period to ancther.
The whale's head was found on the
Finch ranch, near Jamesburg, and not
far from Tassajara Springs. It Is the
almost perfect specimen of a portion of a
whale's head from where It joins the ver
tebra] column to about midway the length
Of the jaw. with the eye socket and part
of -he ball plainly discernible. The petri
faction is of the right side of the head,
measures 30 Inches in length, IS Inches
in width and 12 Inches ln thickness, and
weighs 350 pounds, it was discovered two
weeks ago by a resident of the James
burg region, John Clenford, and was so
tightly embedded In the sandstone forma
tion of the ridge of the mountain that its
contour was disfigured slightly In re
moving it. Had Clenford made use of the
proper tools with which to disinter the
relic It Is probable that this misfortune
might have been obviated. The pieces
broken from it have all been preserved and
can readily be fitted to their old places.
The point of the ridge from which the fos
sil was taken is one of the hignesl of the
surrounding mountains, and although Its
exact altitude was Impossible of ascer
tainment, it Is thought by comparison
with surrounding points the altitude of
which Is known that It is not. less than
1000 feet above the sea. Clenford, the
finder of this valuable specimen, Is a ge-
ologist by nature and spends nearly tho
whole of his time poking about among
rocks and digging Into the earth for cv-
STORIES OF THE GREAT AMERICAN SCIENTIST. PROF. MARSH.
fit the Tlnje of His Death, Last Morjth, He Was Said to Be the Most Dlstlnguisbed Geologist in the World : Wor) Fame When 31 Years Old,
Explored the West With Buffalo Bill; Exposed the Cardiff Giant; Explained the Carson Footprints, and Reconstructed Ancient Monsters.
Special to The Sunday Cell.
ONLY two or three men In a
century possess the regal gift of
being a genius In many things.
Professor O. C. Marsh of Yale
University, who died recently,
was endowed with such a gift to
a remarkable degnee. Besides be
ing one of the most distinguished of
American scientists, and perhaps the most
famous paleontologist, in the world, he
won a wide renown outside of his scien
tific work as a daring and successful j ex- i
plorer, as a connoisseur in Japanese art,
as a lover and collector of rare orchids, as
a champion of the American Indians, and,
supremely, as a story teller and writer of
many scientific works. :
He spent a long life and a considerable
fortune in building up a great public mu
seum at Yale College. He never drew a
penny of salary for his sendees as a pro
fessor, and about a year, ago,, when his
health began to fall, he made over all his
vast and priceless collections to the uni
versity and died a comparatively poor
man. ' y.y
Two Small Bones Led to Fame. .
Fame and science are supposed to come
with gray hairs. Professor Marsh was
known everywhere In the scientific "world
at the age of 31. This sudden rise to fame
was the result of a discovery . which he
made while he was yet a student at Phil
lips Academy. Andover. During one of his
summer, vacations he was tramping
among the cliffs of Nova . Scotia and he
picked up by accident two odd bits of fos
sil bone. He found them lying close to
gether, like two checkers, one partially
overlapping the other. They were cylin
drical In form, with sauserllke hollows at
each end, and so Insignificantly small that
a man might close his hand around them.
Young Marsh, already deeply Interested
In geology and mineralogy, dropped the
bones into the pocket of his shooting
Jacket and carried them with him. He
; passed from Andover to Yale, where he
! was graduated with honors in 1860. and
then he entered the Sheffield Scientific
. School. All this time he treasured the
THE SAINT FRANCISCO. CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 9, 1899.
rious specimens. Of book knowledge he
knows almost nothing, and it Is certainly
a pity that as ho has found most of the
fossils coming from the Jamesburg coun
two fossil bones and their significance as
a geological discovery became plainer to
him with every added year of study.
From the shape, size and relative posi
tion in which they were discovered, he
knew them. to be the vertebra of some
enormous animal of prehistoric origin;
but he had found them ln a coal forma
tion and the authorities gave no hint of
creatures so highly developed in a geo
logical age so remote: He believed that
the two vertebrae Indicated a hitherto
unknown link between the fishes and the
reptiles. He showed the bones to the
famous geologist, Dana, and to Professor
Jeffries Wyman of Harvard. They told
him to see Agasslz, who knew more
about fishes, living and extinct, than any
other man. Agassis examined the bones
with keen Interest, and inquired where
they were found. When, young Marsh
told him the story of their, discovery and
ventured to outline his theories, the great
scientist shook his head emphatically.
"Impossible." he said.
Studied Two Bones for Months.
But young Marsh was certain that he
had made, an important discovery. At
the suggestion of Professor Wyman he
devoted six months to the study of the
two little bones and their relationship to
the remains of other extinct monsters
then he described them accurately In. a
published account, naming the animal
from which they came the Eosaurus, the
"dawn of lizards," the first reptilian re
mains to be found In the coal measures
of America. The discovery of the Eosau
rus came as strong affirmative evidence,
showing conclusively the' relationship be
tween two widely different classes of an
imal life. At the Instance of Sir Charles
Lyell, the eminent English geologist,
young Marsh's paper was read before the
august Geological Society of London ,and
Its author was voted a fellow. It was
translated Into German -and the young
scientist was asked to accept the honor
of a membership in "the Geological Soci
ety of Berlin. In America Yale College
was prompt with Its appreciation of the
value of the discovery, and although
young Marsh was then Just graduated
ANCIENT ANIMALS, FAR LARGER THAN THE ELEPHANT, RECONSTRUCTED BY THE LATE PROFESSOR MARSH.
try he did not have sufficient knowledge
of their position, surrounding formations
and other conditions to be able to deter
mine their approximate and scientific
value. '-"'!'.--: "« ;•* ■•' • .-.' : ■■" • ' >*. .•■*.
That Monterey County has long been
known by scientists to be wonderfully
rich geologically is attested by the fol
lowing extract from a letter written in
1577 by Professor H. D.Long of the State
University: ..-...■ .
"I have never seen a section of country,
so rich in fossil remains as Monterey
County, nor one so easy to study. . The
part lying in the neighborhood of the
Corral de Tlerra contains strata whose
relative position., Is so plain to even the
slightly practical eye that 'he who runs
may read' Its geological history.
"I note In that vicinity five fossil-bear
ing strata; the lowermost being of an
average thickness . of five feet and con
taining remains of at least four ,mol
lusks, cypoena and unio being repre
sented. Above this I found,: in very soft
sandstone, many univalve shells of the
type of barnacles, contained In a stratum
about one yard in thickness. Superim
from the Sheffield Scientific School, he
was offered a seat In the university fac
ulty as professor of paleontology.
Discovered a Bird With Teeth.
With such unusual recognition as this,
Professor Marsh began a scientific career
In which he was destined to accomplish
more than any other one man perhaps
ln establishing the theory of evolution by
actual discoveries. Darwin had built a
magnificent hypothesis: Huxley had been
Its great expounder, . and now came
Marsh and other brilliant younger scien
tists, to whom a whole universe had been
suddenly laid bare by a great Idea, and
by adding link after link to the chain of
extinct life, helped to make the " theory
of development a scientific truth, capa
ble of actual objective demonstration. As
a single Instance, opponents of evolution
had cited the wide > break between the
two classes of birds and reptiles, declar
ing that doctrine could not bridge It over.
In their definition of birds the zoologists
of the time made toothlessness a cardinal
characteristic: no birds familiar to sci
ence" possessed any teeth. But Professor
Marsh, exploring our own Rocky Moun
tain region, found the remains of a
strange swimming bird with two well
developed rows of teeth. A little later he
discovered other reptllellko .birds ane
birdlike reptiles, showing some of the ac
tual steps by which the saurian of a mil
lion years ago became ln the slow prog
ress of the ages the feathered and tooth
less bird of to-day.
"My first great ambition," Professor
Marsh once told me, "was to shoot as
well as old Colonel. Jewett," a famous
hunter of Western New York, and a great
friend of his. "I was not satisfied until
I could bring down a squirrel from the
top .crotch of a big hickory, where I could
see only a tip of a red nose and one eye,"
: His roving . outdoor life made him a
keen observer, and gave him the rugged
vitality to withstand any degree of hard
ship.
"If I had known what my future ca
reer was to be," he said, "I could not
have mapped out my boyhood better." •
posed-upon the latter Is a stratum, of
thickness varying from --even feet to six
ty feet, almost entirely. made up of* casts
of unios and peeteus In 'dog-tooth spar'
(crystallized carbonate of lime). This
stratum I consider as the most remark
able of all, both on account of Its im
mense thickness and the enormous num
ber of, shell-casts that are contained in It
—not less* I should say, than 10,000 per
cubic foot. Above the last described
stratum there exists a layer _of reddish
sandstone one. and one-half feet in thick
ness, containing, remains of two of the
before-mentioned, bivalves. ':'/'*•
"Last of all and latest In Its formation
is the familiar white, soft material called
'chalk-rock' by the farmers, but which,
in reality, is no more chalk than a brick
is chalk. It ls simply hardened clay, as
may be felt by applying the tongue, sub?
stances composed of or containing clay
always . sticking - to- that member. The
rock is white, with a conchoidal fracture,
and is of light specific gravity. In some
localities the color shades somewhat, but
still the rock possesses nearly the same
characteristics. ..In the tertiary epoch,
Hunting With Buffalo Bill.
It was this sturdy young scholar who
led the flrst great scientific expedition Into
the Rocky Mountains In the year 1870.
Buffalo Bill, Colonel W. F. Cody, was
the guide chosen to lead the expedition
into the alkali plains, hitherto untrodden
by the feet of white. men. The Indians
menaced them- constantly,* burning the
dry grass around their camps and watch
ing them Jealously from- every hilltop.
They suffered the want of water and they
burned under the biasing western sun, but
for five months they scanned the colored
cliffs arM collected hundreds of [ new j and
wonderful fossils, the mere description
and classification of which waa almost a
life's work. it*
.The scientific value of this expedition
and those of many succeeding years can
not be, overestimated. Professor Marsh
unearthed the remains of over one thou
sand vertebrate animals new to science,
most of which he has named and ' de
scribed. Among them were the ancestral
forms of the modern horse, of the tapir
and the pig. and of the flrst monkeys and
bats discovered In America, showing that
this country was once the home of numer
ous simian tribes. He also found many
rodents and small marsupials; many, gi
gantic dinosaurs, "terrible lizards"; Phe
dlnocerata; which were huge hoofed ani
mals as large as elephants and formidably
armed with horns; extinct sea serpents*;
the enormous brontotherldae,' and the
stegasaurus. The discovery of the birds
with teeth, already alluded to, and the
pterodactyls, or flying dragons, the flrst
to be found in America, also resulted from
these explorations.
.Origin of the Horse.
; Perhaps the most wonderful discovery
made by Professor Marsh during these
expeditions was the series of fossil horses.
"When a student In Germany," he once
told me... "1 heard a world renowned pro
fessor" of zoology gravely Inform his pu
pils that the horse was a gift from the old
world to the new and was entirely un
known to America until Introduced by
the Spaniards.- After the- lecture I asked
him whether no earlier remains of horses
000000000 op 000 0.0 000000000000000
q\ Discovered Among Ocean Deposits 2500 §
© Feet Above the Sea Level and 'Eighteen °
Miles Inland From the Coast Line. °»
000000000000000000000000000 0 0 o o
when this clay rock was soft clay grow
ing In thickness by deposition from the
overlying sea or lake, many shells of tur
rltella and fewer of a smaller mollusk;
with a few scattered specimens of a uni
valve almost microscopic in size, became
Imbedded therein. Afterward, both be
fore and since the hardening of this clay,
the surrounding .country; has been sub
ject to many upheavals, and disturbances
which have resulted •In the extensive
fracture and variable dip of the stratum,
the latter varying from 12 to 40 degrees.
All these strata belong to the tertiary.
"This Is merely an outline of the dis
coveries I have made in this hitherto
neglected field. Of the fifteen or more
species of fossils, I- hare identified nine
all belonging to the department of mol
lunks." 'yyyyyy • --...•-.•
Recent discoveries have shown the field
to be. both larger and. richer, than former
ly known, the. already discovered fossils
ranging from microscopic remains of
diatoms, sponges and other organic
structures to those of mammoth prehis
toric animals. '. " '
had been found on this continent, and was
told In reply that the reports to the effect
were too unsatisfactory to be presented
as facts in science. This remark led me
on my return to examine the subject my
self, and I have since unearthed no fewer
than thirty distinct species of the horse
tribe; and lt Is now, I think, generally ad
mitted that America is, after all, the orig
inal home of the horse.". V^. ;,;'-..•:.': „■■-,•
Exposed the Cardiff Giant.
It was Professor Marsh • who exposed
the famous Cardiff giant. In October,
1869. a farmer named Newell; living near
Cardiff, N. V., twelve miles south of Sy
racuse, was digging a well when he un
expectedly unearthed a stone giant ten
feet long with a body, head and limbs in
perfect proportion. It was at once pro
claimed as the remains of. a- prehistoric
man. and numbers of scientists made pil
grimages of examination ' and j recorded
their belief In its very great value as a
scientific discovery. Even the State geol
ogist of New York became greatly Inter
ested In the giant and endeavored to have
It sent to the State Museum at Albany.
But lt was finally placed on exhibition at
Syracuse, where. It soon became an at
traction almost equal to a circus.
Special trains were run from the sur
rounding country to accommodate the
people who wished to see it, and its
owners are said to have refused an offer
of $300,000 In cash for It, although they
subsequently parted with a quarter share.
So Important did the relic become ln the
eyes of the scientific world that Professor
Marsh visited Syracuse and made an ex
amination of the giant. Tho next day he
wrote to a friend:
"It Is of very. recent origin, and a most
decided humbug."
"He found that the flc»ure had been
cut from a block of gypsum, similar to
that found in many parts of New York,
and a close Inspection revealed the pres
ence of human workmanship.
"As gypsum is soluble in , about \ 400
parts of .water," he wrote, "a very short
exposure would suffice to obliterate ail
traces of tool marks and also to roughen
the surfaces."- ■■ - " * .-••••-•
Professor Marsh's letter was published
in a Buffalo newspaper. The account of
how the stone man was made had the
effect of stimulating the manufacture of
giants, and to. the astonishment of every
one half a dozen Cardiff giants were be
ing exhibited around the country within a
year: Recently the practical Joker who
made the giant told the story of his de
ception for the first time.
Killed a Prehistoric Giant
Years later marvelous accounts came
from Nevada of the discovery of human
footprints in the sandstone strata at Car
sop City. Each of the prints was from
eighteen to twenty Inches long, about
eight inches wide, having the exact shape
of a moccaslned human foot. There were
regular right and left tracks, with a dis
tance between them of from eighteen to
nineteen Inches. They were at once pro
claimed as the remaining evidences of a
race of giants which once inhabited the
Pacific Coast, and the undoubted authen
ticity of the impressions on the stone in
duced not a few men of scientific pre
tensions to take this view. Such a discov
ery at once aroused the keen interest of
Professor Marsh, but after an examina
tion of the prints he came to the conclu
sion that they were not made by men at
all. He read a paper on the subject to
the National Academy of Sciences with
which he presented a carefully drawn
picture of the huge skeleton foot of an
extinct sloth found ln the same general
region and In the same geological hori
zon. A comparison of this with the out
line of the footprint showed conclusively
that lt was" a sloth and not a man that
had strolled slowly along the shore of this
prehistoric lake and left his footprints on
the sands" of time. •-" •
Professor Marsh was also fond of tell
. ing of an encyclopedia article which wa*
commended to his attention. The writer,
wishing to give modern man a graphic*
Idea of the appearance of his remote an
cestors, had made a restoration of an ex
tinct animal ln flesh and blood, but unfor
tunately he had placed the head on the
end of the tall. y ■ yi--
Marsh, the Man.
Personally, Professor Marsh wore few
of the conventional airs of the scientist.
1 He was a rugged-shouldered, firmly built
man, a little under medium height, with
white halr and a full white beard, a high
| forehead rising above a pair of engaging
blue eyes. You met him with a golfing
i cap pulled down comfortably over his
head, a long,- black coat hanging loosely
from his shoulders, and. a bit of color In
I his neckcloth. He moved with a certain
j nervous energy that bespoke j his active
mind, and upon the first provocation he
i told you a story— a very good one,
too.
Professor Marsh never married. . . .
"I have been too busy with my work,"
; he said.
In such honors as fall to men who
have won distinction in science Profes
sor Marsh had an unusual share. For
I seventeen years he was president of the
I National Academy of Sciences, perhaps
i the foremost scientific society In America,
| and president of the American Associa
) tion for the Advancement of Science., In
1877 he received the first of the Bigsby
j medals from the Geological [ Society of
! London, and last year the Institute of
| France,. by presenting, him with the Cv
i vier prize, conferred upon him the great
; est honor that can fall to a scientist. The
j Cuvler prize ls awarded every three years
j "for 'the most remarkable ; work either
! on the animal kingdom or on geology."
! Only two other Americans have received
| this distinction— Agasslz and Leldy, the
[ paleontologist.
I • RAY STANNARD BAKEB.
2324
HERE'S A
HOW
de.
DO!
PROFESSOR MAGEE of the depart
ment of physical culture of the Uni
versity of California says women
may be physically but ti¥**y are not
mentally able to play football.
Of course all women are not physically
able to play football.- Nor for the matter
of that are all men.
But nine out of ten men are mentally
capable of belonging to an eleven, while
not one woman In ten thousand is so qual
ified.
Every now and then an extremist advo-
rates football for women. He is the same
man who declared that baseball was not
tabooed as a feminine sport. He is the
person who would have the mothers of
this age and generation substitute guns
for dolls and make manly little fellows
out of their daughters.
"Give the girls the same chance to de
velop physically as the boys." is his cry.
"Then we'll have a race of women physi
cally able to compete with their
brothers."
The extremist would have football oc
cupy as prominent a place in boarding
school life as French and parlor depart
ment. He would have It take precedence
over the three It's In the public schools.
He would demand that the college girl
punt and tackle as well as con isms and
ol ogles.
His voice has not vibrated on the desert
air. Little girls have had their dolls rude
ly snatched away from them. But they
have covered the naked blade of the
sword with one of dolly's skirts, made a
head of the hilt and hugged and cooed to
this poor excuse for a dolly.
Football for girls ls going to meet with
a colder reception than was accorded the
feminine baseball. Several years ago
vague hints of the popularity of the latter
game in the East traveled westward, and
of course the girls out here immediately
invested In ball and bat.
A nine was formed at. the Girls' ' High
School and the fact carefully concealed
from principal and teachers. * Their first
game was their last. They each and
every one of them made a "home run,"
and motherly fingers bandaged bumps and
bathed bruises.
Now there comes a faint rumor across
the continent that in one or two Eastern
schools the girls play at football. But the
report falls on Incredulous ears, and even
lf believed causes not the smallest twinge
of Jealousy. The girls here are content- to
understand football, to know when to
Rah! Rah! Rah! without becoming as
qualnted with the ball by actual contact.
However, the fact of its being attempt
ed elsewhere has caused not a little dis
cussion among the -women Interested In
athletic sports. And from the fountain
head of physical culture comes a voice
that says girls who are physically capable
of playing football are mentally unlit for
the game.
The co-eds ln the university claim and
maintain their right to, enter Into any
branch of academic work. They are not
put to blush In any department by the
male students.
In the face of this along comes Pro
fessor Magee and says they are not men
tally able to play football! Mrs. Magee,
the Idol of all the girls doing "gym"
work, reiterates her husband's state
ments.
And the women, usually so quick to
take offense at the slightest hint of In-
competency in any line, not only let this
statement go unchallenged but they them
selves agree that they are mentally unfit
to play football.
Those who most firmly echo Professor
Magee are the girls who belong to the
basket ball nine. They represent not only
the brain but the brawn of the college
women. They are zealous advocates of
physical development for women, and
firm believers in the higher education of
the sex. Yet they, too, confess that they
are mentally Incapable of football, y
What does It all mean? Well, the cor
rect solution Is so much the simplest one
that It would be the last to be hit upon
by tho uninitiated.
Professor and Mrs. Magee and the girls
mean that while some women are or
might be developed to be physically able
to play football they could never take
the mental attitude toward their fellow
players which football demands.
Girls could never rid their minds of the
thought that they might be inflicting seri
ous injury upon a fellow player.
A touchdown would pale Into Insignifi
cance compared to 'the possibility of
breaking an arm. The vision of a sprained
ankle would arise and prevent a brilliant
tackle.
In other words, girls cannot success
fully play a game that requires absolute
concentration on the game to the extent
of Involving total forgetfulness of con
sequences to opponents. ,:*'.;
Girls can play games that require phys
ical strength, endurance, agility -and dex
terity. They can play a game that re-
Quires forgetfulness of self. But they
WOMEN Are Not MENTALLY ABLE to Play FOOTBALL.
cannot play a game that requires entire
disregard of others.
Therefore they cannot play football. Not
because of lack of physical strength but
because the feminine point of view never
loses sight of the humane.
The typical California girl Is a splendid
specimen of physical development. The
best type of the well developed California
girl is the college girl.
Professor Magee says so and proves lt
by careful and accurate deductions from
measurements. The composite California
college girl is superior physically to the
composite Eastern college girl. She ls
taller, stronger and has a better lung ca
pacity than her Eastern sister.
The system of measurements and charts
now employed in the gymnasiums of uni
versities shows not only individual devel
opment but the composite physical devel
opment of the student body.
Comparison, measurement for measure
ment, shows that the composite Califor
nia college girl more nearly approaches
the sculptor's Ideal than the composite
Eastern college girl.
The individual girls who in all respects
equal the composite girls and In some
points outclass her are the girls belonging
to the basket ball nine. They are the girls
who have perfect health and superb phys
ical development. They are the girls
hose measurements go far to make the
composite California college girl superior
to the Eastern composite college girl.
So they, above all girls, would be con
sidered good material for a football team.
But every girl In the nine says that not
only she would not but she could not play
football. .-' •'
i To. see them play basket ball one would
Imagine that their angle of thought could
easily be adjusted to football. Fond
parents watch their tender offshoots go
down In a tangled heap of girls. When
the girls and the ball, flying hair and
flopping bloomers get mixed up with the
floor every mother wants to rise in wrath
and shake every other mother's darling.
But a, basket-ball* scrimmage of that
sort Is accident, not intention. The game
calls for fearlessness of self, surefooted
ness. plenty of wind, a quick eye and an
"accurate aim, but not for the demolish
ment of the human anatomy. Each indi
vidual takes the legitimate risks of most
athletic sports, and that is all.
The basket-ball nine were having their
luncheon when' the football question was
raised. They were all ln a glow from the
snappy practice game they had just had.
Luncheon with these athletic young la
dies was a very simple affair. Sandwiches
and fruit, tapped off with an egg beaten
up and hot milk, poured over it. Nary
even a hint of an unwholesome sweet.
j To the rat-tat-too of the egg-beaters the
girls declared against football. "We're
not afraid of hurting ourselves, but girls
couldn't go Into a game that would re
quire them to disable others, our con
stant thought would be that we might be
maiming some girl for life. Aside from
the physical requirements, It's an Impos
sible game for women."
"Basket ball is the game for women,"
said the fearless captain of the nine. "It's
an outlet for all the energy you've got,
and it will develop a woman's muscles as
they, should be developed. You don't need
to thirst for your opponent's life and
limb.". .
"Iff, a - nice, ladylike game," said the
girl who had dropped In to watch the nine
sip their egg and milk, while she herself
made frequent Inroads on a bag of choco
lates. :'-•.>"■
"It's not a ladylike game," said the cap
tain, "but it's a gentlemanly game!"
Then the nine chorused together:
' Hit 'em again
With all your might. * '
Berkeley's playing is out of sight.
Alma: Alma! -You're all right.
Fine! " .
If any one doubts whether the girls can
play basket ball let him consult Satur
day's score. And no one who saw the.
game will regret the women are mentally
unfit for football.
For what's the matter with basket ball?
It's all right!
■ » »
Many women seek a broader sphere
than art and home and fashion offer. The
vortex of speculation entices them, and
the bauble gold flashes before their eyes.
Their argument is that if men accumu
late fortunes In Wall street, a woman of
equal intelligence should succeed as well.
These women are not fast In the vulgar
sense; they do not belong: to the class that
■ . ■■■- -.: .:'■■■ ...■■.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 9, 1899.
So Says the Professor* of Physical Culture in the University
of California, and Girl Students Jlgpee
> With Him.
/
These aro the young ladles who uphold the blue and gold colors of the University of California on the basket-ball field.
Miss Alma Stockwell. the captair plays guard and is assisted by her sister. Miss Ella Stockwell. and Miss Haworth. The
three centers are Miss Llnscott, Miss Longmore and Miss Catlin, whose picture is not among the group. The three for
wards are Misses Farno, Kelshaw and Stoer. Two substitutes are Miss Kavanaugh and Miss Turner, while a third one,
not in the picture, is Miss Lulu Rued. Mrs. Walter Magee is the coach.
REASON WHY COLLEGE WOMEN SHOULD BE PHYSICALLY MORE PERFECT
THAN OTHER -WOMEN.
■ ' - ■ *■ :
By Professor Magee, Head of Department of Physical Culture, University of California.
ONE reason why college women should approach nearer physical perfection than other classes of women is the
fact that most Institutions of university rank possess ample facilities for" instruction, either in class or special
work. The Instructor, learning the individual needs of each student, so arranges the work that she learns not
only the variety of exercises calculated to Improve and develop womankind in general, but the special kind of
exercises that will improve herself in particular. In the University of California gymnasium the applicant for
admission to the course is required to be examined by a woman physician for heart or other organic trouble. This
being done, about fifty measurements are taken, including the capacity of the limps and certain strength J,est« of the
different parts of the body. These measurements are compared with the measurements of our average California Uni
versity women. This enables the instructor to know the relative standing of this individual as compared with others
for every dimension taken; also the deviation from symmetry and the parts which are in special need of development.
If the student is found to be normal and her muscles evenly distributed, though deficient, she is assigned to gen
eral or class work. If. however, the examination shows any special weakness which would make the class work un
safe, 'appropriate exercises are given as before stated. : V.! .-_',' -'V
"THE CASTLE OF HOPE," ESTABLISHED AT CANNES, FRANCE, BY LADY MURRAY, AS A HOME FOR JOURNALISTS.
Berkeley's Famous Basket Ball Team.
Miss Longmore, Mrs. Magee, Miss Ella Stockwell,
Misses Kavanaugh, Farno, Alma Stockwell, Haworth, Linscott,
Turner, Kelshaw, Stoer.
frequent the racetrack. The majority of
them have no vices;- their habits are no
worse than those of the leaders of fash
ion, but they are born gamblers, like men
who spend their time in gaming places.
The necessary password for the gilded
Want a Good Story?
Here Are Several
By Merrily Yours, ' Marshall P. Wilder.
TO be called a funny man ls a hard
thing, a merry or jovial man if you
like, but not funny. Placed on the
programme as a funny man, you
come out and the faces of all look
as -if to say, "Now, let us see you
make us laugh." For fifteen years _ have
followed the life of an entertainer and
schooled myself thereto. Now this of
course is a very difficult profession. You
are called upon to entertain different
kinds of audiences, and I have in my
repertoire 300 sketches of ten minutes
each and 1000 or more stories. You are
called upon to entertain all kinds of audi
ences, sometimes a Sunday-school, then a
dinner party, then an old ladles' home,
then a newsboys' lodging-house, then you
appear at some theater, Instantly you
have to know what to do. They say,
"Wilder, be funny," and you have to pull
a face and your joke does the rest.
Now, as for a joke. There Is a vast
difference between the English and Amer
ican humor. Take, for example, the Eng
lish humor, although they have a keen
appreciation of the English style, yet an
American would have to get acquainted
with their English style.
For example, a story I told there about
an Irishman In America who said, "Last
night I dreamed I was dead, but the heat
woke me up." Afterward an English
gentleman said to me, "Mr. Wilder, you
must have very hot weather over there. '
Another example. During the late jubi
lee- I said to an Englishman, "Are you
going to the naval parade next Saturday
down to Expectorate Point?"
He said, "I never heard of the place."
I said, "Down to Spithead."
He said, "Oh, are they going to call lt
that?" . • . f-
So you see I am accustomed when I go
to England to hear them say, "Mr. Wild
er, those stories you told last year were
so funny." It takes them a year to see
the joke.
When I first appear on the platform lt
is amusing to me to see the faces of my
audience, for when you read a great deal
of a man you get a long Idea of him, and
I am supposed to be the short end of that
Idea. Pome time ago I gave an entertain
ment down in New Jersey. Two members
of the committee came to welcome* me.
1 heard one member say to the other,
"Well, I" guess he ain't here, no one got
off the train but that little boy. Guess
he ain't here."
I went up and said, "Is this Mr. Jones?"
He said, "Yes." ,
I said, "I am Wilder."
THE CASTLE OF HOPE.
Mecca of Traveling Journalists.
UNDER a sky of deepest blue, where
orange blossoms scent the air and
nightingales sing in pomegranate
trees, where the palm grows
gigantic and shady woods harbor
volumes of inspiration, stand the
"Castle of Hope." In its gardens crystal
Reasons ?
READ
and
LEARN,
youth to enter a gambling house is not
essential for a woman desiring admission
to the gambling places of Wall street.
Money is the magic wand she waves to
Insure her welcome. She enters !<ome flne
office a queen radiant with gems, she
leaves it a beggar.
Women who speculate Insist that they
do not gamble, but only Invest. They ar
gue from false premises. An investment
Implies something paid for and held, like
real estate, or bonds or stocks locked up
In a safe. The only money-makers in
Wall street of either sex represent this
class of Investors. People who make
money ln stocks by purchases on margins
are gamblers, because they usually lose It.
-Frank Leslie's Popular Monthly for
March. .
"Well, where ls your father?" he asked.
On another occasion I read a notice of
mine ln one of the Western papers which
said: "Marshall P. Wilder is in town. We
have always understood that Wilder was
a self-made man, but we think he did not
take time to finish the job." There is one
thing about being a short man— you are
obliged to marry a tall woman; lt would
never do for a man to marry a woman be
neath him.
There are a great many reasons why I
am short. I tell so many old stories that
people keep calling me down, and it seems
hard to keep up with the strain. This
as a rule puts me on good footing with my
audiences, and by the time they become
acquainted with my short figure I start
ln with a little sketch of my trip on the
steamer or railroad or whatever I may
have had the pleasure of using. I won't
say when I speak of pleasure that one
gets much pleasure in riding on the South
ern Pacific. I have always understood
that no prisoner or convict ls ever sent
on that road, as the State of California
does not think it just to punish a man
twice for the same offense.
Now, for a joke. Many who have read
this joke will recognize another form of
the same story, but I have dressed it up
a little. For example: Four animals went
to the circus; $1 was required to let them
ln; the lamb gave up four quarters, the
duck gave up a bill but the poor dog was
not allowed in, as he had only a scent.
Feeling badly he went around In front
of the Bohemian Club, where he met a
sardine, who said: "What's the matter?"
"They won't let me into the show. I only
have a scent."
"Oh, don't mind," said the sardine.
"Come in with me; I have a box."
It is not always what I say on the stare
that pleases so much as my manner, be
cause I claim that there Is nothing new
in the way of a story; but I do not think
there Is any such thing as a chestnut. A
story well told is always acceptable, oth
erwise we would get tired of the sun
shine, and surely California never gets
tired of the sunshine, yet in one sense it
becomes a chestnut.
You know an old story such as this one.
"Did Jones die suddenly?" "Yes, for
him."
It is the way a person hides the end
that makes it effective. Many times a
story will be told you, and "the man who
tells It will string lt out so long that by
the time he gets to the end of it off goes
your hat, and some remark about the
weather leads him to suppose that you do
* not appreciate his wit.
fountains splash the livelong day and
flowers of every hue in winter and in sum
mer give glory to its terrace.
No, it isn't a castle In Spain, but ls
built substantially on solid French soil
of massive gray stone. Inside are beau
tiful conservatories, decorations from the
hands of eminent artists, works of art
to thrill the souls of connoisseurs and a
library to gratify every variety of book
worn.
For whom is all this beauty and splen
dor? For a King or a Princess, you are
guessing, but you are wrong. Guess
again. It is not for you, my languid
lady, nor for you, my prosperous business
man. It is for you, my poor old editor,
you who are reading the paper with the
scissors conveniently near; not because
you want to read it, but because it is part
of your daily grind. It is all for you, this
comfort and splendor, when the. grind
shall be no longer possible. And you, too,
my newspaper reporter, who must give
way to younger eyes and younger brains.
Though your coat be shiny and your
trousers baggy at the knees, you are wel
come at the castle. Journalists, writers,
scribblers of every description, be your
trouble repentance, fatigue, paresis or
delirium tremens, you are welcome at the
"Castle of Hope."
The fairy godmother who provides all
this ls Lady Murray, whose son. Sir Cecil
Murray, was a journalist of renown.
Not very long ago he died while ln the
flower of his manhood and the "Castle of
Hope" is the monument erected by his
mother to his memory.
Although she Is not a French woman
Cannes is the place that was selected by
Lady Murray, for the location of her
castle, and a more beautiful spot could
never have been found. Every window
of the castle opens on a beautiful vista,
One may watch the ships skimming upon
a tranquil sea or look upon the rugged
outlines of giant mountains. There Is
everything Imaginable to soothe the rest
less, to comfort the care-worn, to lull to
repose the weariest of the weary. And
not only the mental needs, but the physi
cal, are abundantly supplied. There are
dining rooms beautiful to behold, where
smiling garcons await the welcome guest
and a chef, chosen from among the best
ln France, reigns In the culinary realm
Should the guest be sociably Inclined he
may clink glasses with jovial fellows In
the large salon, but should he be a man
of moods, he may dine alone ln a seclud
ed corner or on the terrace. There are
billiard rooms and card rooms, as well
as delightful little sanctums with work
tables, paper. Ink and every necessity.
The guest may .-.-rive absolutely with
out portmanteau, and stay as long as he
likes, for numerous chests of linen are en
tirely at his disposal. There is absolute
ly no limit to Lady Murray's thoughful
ness. The. castle is abundantly supplied
with bath rooms. It is lighted by elec
tricity and furnished with electric bells
There are fifty sleeping rooms In the
Castle of Hope, but in case of an emer
gency the accommodations could be very
•aslly Increased. *
The castle Is not an asylum, not a hos
pital, not exactly a charity institution
t" _ a^? lea ant _ resort for men, whom
Lady Murphy declares herself proud to
entertain._>
: PAGES
25 to 32
Plantation Pageants
■T^ _\r^^ HiiMh ' '■bß^^^^^^^^^^^'' '-^^yy~^\if<y_ w >^*^*^^^a ,^^^ r^9^g \\—^>«v>v €2s v i _H_^~~~r"^) I
Coryrlrhted. 18*R, by .Topl Chandler Harris.
OENERAL SHERMAN had done
the best he could for the Aber
cromble place. He had waved his
hand, and grim war shrunk
away out of sight; he had given
a signal, and all the mules and
horses and live stock that had been
taken away by the foragers were re
turned ln a jiffy; he had lifted his fin
ger, and a cordon of soldiers was placed
around the house and the outlying
buildings. Everything was in its place;
so far as the eye could see, war had
forcibly taken no tolls from the planta
tion.
Nevertheless, when, on a misty morn
ing In November, the Federal comman
der bade the place good-by and pushed
his army southward along the Mil
ledgeville road, he left the plantation in
very bad shape so far as Buster John
and Sweetest Susan were concerned.
Something .was wanting; the place
wasn't the same. The silence that fell
upon everything when the army clink
clanked out of hearing was something
terrible. The horses and mules stood
under the big shed and shivered dumb
h"- the cattle huddled together on the
western side of the ginhouse, for the
wind was from the east and blowing
with a penetrating -noisture that was
more than cold.
There was no gossip among these ani
mals that people think are dumb. They
had been badly frightened by the
hurly-burly that beset them; they
might talk about it after a while when
the sun shone, out, or when the grass
came; but, meantime, the east wind
was blowing, and no matter how in
telligent an animal may be, he can
never tell what that wind will bring
after it has begun to blow. Now the
grass-eating animals know very well
when a storm is coming. The flesh
eaters merely grow frisky and have a
frolic: but the grass-eaters make for
shelter, and if they have a home to go
to they go there; but the east wind —
well, that Is their problem, as it was
Aaron's, only the son of Ben All never
allowed lt to blow on the back of his
neck, so that when other people were
going about comnlalning of rheuma
tism or neuralgia, or were in bed with
pleurisy or pneumonia, the son of Ben
All was usually on his feet and in fair
ly good health.
Well, on this remarkable day, the an
imals in the horse lot and In the pas
ture were quiet and morose. They had
been shaken up in the first place with
their strange experiences, having been
driven helter-skelter two or three miles
from home in the wind and mist, and
helter-skelter back agai** with drums
beating and bugles blowing, and no
body to explain it all. Old June, the
milch cow, thought she had lost her
calf, but after a while she felt it run
ning along by her side, and it was
standing under her now, a shivering,
shaky, shaggy thing that looked more
like a ba-ba-black-sheep than a respec
table calf.
Anyhow, they all stood on the shel
tered side of the ginhouse and were
very quiet, as the steam rose from their
backs, and the fog issued from their
nostrils. They were not in a playful
mood; there was nothing about them
to Interest Buster John and Sweetest
Susan when later in tlie day these
young adventurers paid them a visit
of inspection. Old June moaned at
them in a familiar way, but that was
all the welcome they received.
"I don't believe they've been fed,"
said Sweetest Susan with a sigh.
"Why, of course not," exclaimed Bus
ter John; "Aaron can't do everything."
"Where's Simon and Johnny Bab
ter?" the little girl asked.
Sure enough, where were they?
Where were all the men and .women
and boys and girls who used to make
the negro quarters gay with laughter?
Where was old Fountain? Yes, and
where was Drusilla? This was the
kind of a day when there should be a
Are blazing on the hearth of every
cabin. if only to keep out the damp
ness, but smoke was coming out of
only one chimney, and even that was
not a free and friendly smoke. It was
a thin, wavering ribbon of blue, hard
ly visible until the wind seized it and
tore lt to tatters.
"I don't know what you are going to
do," said Sweetest Susan, "but I am
going to find Drusilla. I haven't seen
her since last night."
Sweetest Susan went toward the ne
gro quarters, followed by Buster John,
and as they went along they were even
more and more Impressed with the si
lence that had fallen over everything.
On all rainy days, except this particu
lar day, so far as they could remem
ber, they couldn't go within a quarter
of a mile of the quarters without hear
ing singing and loud laughing, or the
sound of negroes scuffling and wrest
ling. But now the whole place seemed
to be deserted. Big Sal's cabin was the
first they came to. The door was open
and they entered. For a moment the
interior was so dark that they saw
nothing, but presently they could see
Big Sal sitting on the floor carding out
her gray halr. Usually she wore it in
wraps, but they were now untwisted,
and as she carded them out they stood
at right angles to her head and gave
her a very wild and ferocious appear
ance. ;..'•■'■/•. : ' : ~
She neither turned nor paused in the
carding when the children stepped
somewhat timidly in the door. People
said she was sullen; but she was very
sensitive and tender hearted, and al
ways famishing for some one to love.
The negroes thought she was both cruel
and suspicious, and Buster John and
Sweetest Susan were somewhat doubt
ful about her. For a woman of 60
years, who had known hard work, and
trouble with it, she was well preserved.
San FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, april 9, 1899.
JOEL CHANDLER HARRIS, the famous Southern author, has written a new series of "Brer Rabbit" stories
for the Sunday Call.
They're every bit as good as the old "Brer Rabbit" stories that delighted gTayheads and goldenlocks.
"Uncle Remus," through whom Mr. Harris tolls his storie3, has given more pleasure to young and old than any
other character in fiction.
Before Mr. Harris created "Uncle Remus" the negro has figured in literature. But he had figured for a pur
pose, either to illustrate a principle, as In "Uncle Tom's Cabin," or he was the stage negro of the minstrel show
— an intolerable misrepresentation. •
Perhaps he was too familiar a feature In the landscape for the Southern author to appreciate his artistic value.
The plantation negro had to wait for the genius of Mr. Harris before he was given his right niche In litera
ture. Like his own hero, Brer Rabbit, Mr. Harris "was born and bred in a briar patch" ln Middle Georgia, and
his youth was passed in the society he has made famous the world over.
Mr Harris, in his sketches, gives the subtle character of the negro and gives It In the most charming way.
To be introduced to "Brer Rabbit" again will delight not only the reading world but those who must be read to.
"Brer Rabbit" belongs as much to the little ones as the grown ups. One little girl who knew the "Brer Rab
bit" stories by heart took a spanking without shedding a tear. She comforted herself with Uncle Remus' explana
tion of the good of such punishment.
"Well, what did he spank 'em for, Uncle Remus?" asked the little girl ln the story.
"Fer make urn grow, honey— dcs ter make urn grow! Young creeters Is got ter have der hide loosen'd dat
a-way. same ez young chilluns."
The first installment of this delightful series deals with the old plantation where the children lived and forms
the background for the wonderful adventures of "Brer Rabbit," ' "Brer Fox," Miss Meadows, Mr. Thimblefinger,
Aunt Minervy Ann and the rest of the characters. "Brer Rabbit" and "Brer Fox" will begin their interminable
battle of wits and laughable adventures in the next Installment.
"Aunt Big Sal."
said Sweetest Su
san, "where Is ev
erybody?"
"Gone, honey, de
Lord knows whar;
gone, honey, de
Lord knows whar."
She turned as she
spoke, and her hair
bristling out gave
her coun tenance
such a wild as-.
pect that the chil
dren Involuntarily
shrank back. They
had never seen her
with her hair down
before.
She raised her
hands. "Be afeard
er any an' ev'y
body, honey, but
don't be afeard of
me. Dodge frum
one an' all, but
don't dodge frum
me. Not frum me.
No, my Lord!"
"Are they all
gone?" asked Bus
ter John.
"Mighty nigh all,
honey; mighty
nigh all un urn.
Dem whut went
wuz big fools, an'
dem whut stayed
may be bigger
ones, fer all I
know. I'd a-been
gone myse'f, but I
went' roun' yander
in the graveyard,
whar dey put dat
cripple chile, an'
surap'in' helt me.
I couldn't go 'way
an' leave Mm."
She was speaking'
of Little Crotchety
who had been dead
and buried these
many long years.
"Why did they
go?" inquired
Sweetest Susan.
"Huntin' free
dom," responded
Big Sal. "Yes,
Lord, huntin' free
dom! I hope dey'll
fin' it; dat I does."
"Papa says all
the negroes are
free now," said Sweetest Susan.
"Did he say dat? Did he say dat wid
his own mouf ? >v ell. I thank my stars!
I'm free, den! Me an' all de balance!"
"So papa says," remarked Buster
John.
"Well." said Big Sal, "ef I'm free I
better git up frum here an' go ter work.
What does Marster want us ter do?
I'm gwine v*-* dar an' ax Mm."
The children went to the other cabins
and found them empty, but in Jemlny's
house they found Drusilla crying. You
may Imagine Sweetest Susan's grief
when she made this discovery. Dru
silla was ready with her tale of woe.
"Mammy walloped me kase I won't
go off wid de balance un urn," sobbed
Drusilla. "She say ef I stay here she
got ter stay. I tell her I do anything
but dat; I'll tell lies, I'll steal, but I
don't. go off fum here; dey got to kill
me dead an' tote me. An' den mammy
walloped me."
, "You needn't to b'lleve a word er
dat!" cried Jemmy, who came ln at
that moment., "I tol' dat gal It would
be better for we all ter go ef we wanter
be free sho' 'nuff, an' wid dat she fell
on de flo and 'gun to waller an' holler
till I 'bleege to paddle her. I don't
wanter go no wuss'n she do, but dey
say dat If we don't go 'way frum whar
we b'long at, we never is ter be free.
Dat what de niggers on de nex' plan
tation say. I wuz born here, an' ef dis
ain't my home, I'- dunno whar in de
roun'-worl' l got any." >V .' ;
There was a break in Jemlny's voice
as she said this. Buster John paid no
attention to It; but Sweetest Susan
( went close to her and leaned against
her. and the negro woman put an arm
around the child. It was as If a tramp
steamer had thrown out an anchor
within sight of the lights of home.
, "Who cooked breakfast this morn»
ing?" asked Sweetest Susan.
"Me," replied 'Jemmy; "I know'd
somebody, had ter cook."
"I thought so," said the child. " "The
biscuits, were mighty good."
It was some time before Jemmy said
anything. . She rose and pushed the
child from her, remarking: "I dunno
what come over me; but ef I set here
wid my arm 'roun' you, an' you talkin'
dat way, I'll be boo-hooin" fo' I know
myse'f. Git up fum dar, Drusilla, 'fo'
I break yo' neck!"
Before Drusilla could make any
preparation to rise, there came a loud
rap on the door-facing.
"Nobody but old Fountain," said the
newcomer; "old Fountain, as muddy as
a hog and harmless as a dove."
Harmless or not, he was certainly
muddy. As he came In, the legs of his
pantaloons rubbing together sounded
as If they were made of leather. His
coat was full of red mud and mud was
on his coat and in his hair.
"Whar is you been?" asked Jemmy.
"Fur enough to go no furder," re
sponded old Fountain, shaking his
bed. "I went a-huntin' freedom.- De
kin' I foun' will las' me a whet; I prom
ise you dat."
"You don't tell, me!" exclaimed Je
mmy.
"I does," said Fountain, "an' I could
tell you lots mo' dan dat ef I had time.
Dey sot me ter work liftin' waggln
Wheels out er de quagmire, an' den a
driver rap-jacked me wid his whip
well, you see me here, don't you? An'
ef we're bofe alive, you'll see me here
ter-morrer an' de day atter."
* "An' dey want no freedom dar?"
questioned Jemmy. She spoke under
her breath, as if afraid to hear the an
swer. [ ..*.*;.''-*
"I won't say dat," replied Fountain.
"Fer dem dat like de kin' 'twuz dar.
Some mought like de change, but not
me. I bless God fer what I seed, but
I seed 'nuff. I went an' I come." ; y -
"Whyn't.you stop an' wash de mud
off In de branch?" Jemmy asked-pres
ently.
"No, not me," Fountain replied, still
shaking his head. "Ter stop wuz ter
stay. I know'd dey wuz h, branch at
home; an* mo' dan dat, a spring. De
idee wuz ter hurry back an' see ef de
natchel groun' had been left."
"I b'lleve you," sighed Jemmy. "I
come mighty- nigh, gwine, myself." .. •
"You'd a-been sorry," , exclaimed
Fountain; "you'd a-been sorry plum ter
yo' dying day. You see me?" Jemmy
nodded her head. "Well, I. been dar. I
been right wld urn. YO" can't call lt
freedom atter yo' wade through dat
mud an' water." 132»
Some one else came to the door. "All
eyes open!" cried
the newcomer.. It
was the refrain of
hide and seek, and
the children laugh
ed when they
heard It. They
knew the voice of
Johnny Bapter.
"All eyes open!" he
persisted. "I'm It.
Ten, ten, double
ten, forty-five, fif
teen! All eyes
open?"
With that John
ny Bapter walked
In. He was a thin
looking negro, with
a long face, and a
mouth that was al
ways laughing. He
would have been
very tall, but he
stooped . a trifle,
and there was a
limp to his walk.
One of his feet
dragged slightly,,
but he was nimble
as a squirrel for all
that. His clothes
were wet, but not
muddy. He hit his
wool . hat against
the side of the
chimney, and it
left its damp print.
He looked at the
children and point
ed to the wet place.
"I tuck its da
gar ry t ype," he
said. Johnny Bap
ter had once lived
in town, and his
adventures there,
as he made them
out, would have
filled a book; and.
Nt times, they were
Interesting.
"I hope you all
been 'well,'.' : said
John Bapter; "I'm
sorter midd 11 n'
peart myself."
"Whar yo' been?"
asked Jemmy.
"Kinder see-saw
in' 'roun', follerln'
de ban's, an' keep-
In' off de boogers."
"To' didn't go
wld urn?"
"No'um; not me; I seed dey had
plenty comp'ny. Mo' dan dat, I seed
urn hit ol' man Fountain dar a whack
er two, an' I 'lowed dat ez dey done
come dis fur an' nobody ain't hurt urn,
maybe day'd git 'long all right. Dey
ain't offer me no money fer ter go
'long and take keer un urn. I muz over
dar at de camps las' night, an' I see
niggers fightin' over scraps, an' I hear
chillun cryln' fer bread after de lights
done put Out. So wid me, it wuz,
Howdy, and Good-by, an' I wish yo'
mighty well. What mo' kin a nigger
do?" , > .y
"Dats so," sighed Jemmy. "Whar
de balance er our folks?"
"Oh, dey'll come back in de due
time,"- said Johnny Bapter, laughing.
"One'll turn back at one branch, an'
one at anudder; an' "derri what don*
turn back at de branch will sho* turn
back at de river. Dey'll all be home
'fo' de week's out."
? Buster John and Sweetest Susan lis
tened to, all this, but said nothing.
Their minds hardly grasped the prob
lem with which the negroes were
wrestling.'" They were free if they went
away. Would . they be free if .they"
stayed? It was a very, serious matter. •
"What dey gwine do when dey come
back?" Jemmy asked.
"Work," exclaimed Fountain. "Yes.
Lord! work frum sun-up to sun-down."
"An' dey free, too?" suggested Je
mmy. She wanted to get at the bottom
of the matter.
Johnny Bapter laughed. "Why, In
town whar I stayed, de 1 free white
folks work harder dan niggers. De
clerks in de sto' come rushln' ter' din
ner, an' fling : der hats on a cheer,
snatch a mouffle er vlttles an' rush out,
wuss'n ef de overseer wuz hollerln' at
urn." . -■'..;'■'•". ■■.'-.' .:•-: '.. m
"Is dat so?" replied Jemmy.
' "Dcs like I tell yo'," .said Johnny
-Bapter. ..<■•» < • '•- -.-■--' ..
"I've looked at ( it up an* down,"'re
marked Fountain, "an' it's dis away—
de man what, eats honest bread is got
ter Work. Dat what de Bible say;
maybe not in dem words."
"It sho* is so," remarked Johnny
Bapter. laughing. "I'll work all day
an' half de night, but I don' wanter
hear no. bugles blow."
Just then Big Sal, who had fixed up
her hair, and was quite presentable,
having put on her Sunday clothes,
came into the cabin and stood over
against the fireplace. '•-'"
"Wuz dey many er we-all wid dem
ar white folks?" she asked.
"Well'um, I should sesso!" exclaimed
Fountain; "too many, lots too many;
more den dey'll find rashuns fur ef I
ain't mighty much mistaken!"
"What dey all gwine 'long fur?"
asked Big. Sal.
"Dey er feared ef dey stay at home
dey won't be free. Now, how 'bout
dat?" suggested Fountain.
"Why, grandfather and pap both say
the negroes are free, whether they go
or stay," said Buster John. "Grand
father says he is mighty glad the
black folks across the creek are free."
"Dey been prayln' fer it 'long 'nuff,"
remarked Big Sal. ; ; cr
"We all Is free 'nuff," said Johnny
Bapter, "but who gwlne ter feed us?" .
"Dat ls so; dat is sho' one way fer
ter look at it," exclaimed Fountain,
uneasily.
"Well," exclaimed Jemmy, "I know
one ting an' dat ain't two; I'd ruther
starve right here, whar I been born
at, dan starve way off in de woods
whar nobody don't know me."
A shadow darkened the door, and
there stood Aaron, his right hand
raised. "Well, well! What's all this?
Everything to do, and nobody to do it!"
He whistled low under his breath.
"Horses and mules to feed, hogs to
call, sheep to salt, calves to take away
from the cows. Well, well! I "star
calls for meal, meat, syrup."
"Hit's a fac'," assented Fountain.
"Yo' hear my mm' workin'," said
Johnny Bapter. "Make me a hoss oufn
meal, meat an' syrup, an' I'll eat 'im
up 'fo yo' eyes." He rose, stretched
himself, let one side of his face drop
with affected sorrow, while the other
side was laughing, winked at the chil
dren and darted out into the mist and
rain. Presently the children heard him
calling, first the hogs, and then the
sheep.
: Aaron and Fountain followed more
sedately, and in the course of half an
hour the horses .and mules could be
hoard tearing the fodder from the racks
and munching the ears of corn. By
dinner time, according to Aaron's re
port, there was but one hand missing
from the place; and as he had been;
hired from the Myrick estate, it was;
not expected that he would take up his
abode on the Abercrombie plantation.
The fact that all the men, women
and children came back after taking
a short holiday, would have been some
what puzzling "to the children's father
if he had been at home; he had im
bibed some of the modern ideas of
business. It would cost something to
clothe and feed them' during the winter
months, and all this would be clear
loss since their labor would not be
profitable until the planting season be
gan. But there was no problem in it
for the white-haired master, the child
ren's grandfather. He looked for
ward to a period of chaos and confu
sion, when labor would be hard to
secure. Besides, as he said, the ne
groes had helped to make the ample
supply of provisions with which the
smokehouse was stocked, and they
were entitled to a share of it, espe
cially if they were willing to remain.
Moreover, nearly all were born at the
place and knew no other home.
And the plantation .seemed to be
very lucky in all respects. There were
twenty bales of cotton stored under the
ginhouse shed, and before Christmas
day were sold at an average of $250
apiece— cotton was high directly after
the war. This, put $5000 in greenbacks
in the plantation treasury; and in that,
as in other things, the Abercrombie
place was more fortunate than any of
the other plantations for miles and
miles around.
But Buster John and Sweetest Susan
didn't think so. Everybody was so
busy— even Johnny Bapter, who used
to laugh and loaf every chance he had
—that the children Were driven back
upon themselves. They could talk to
the other animals on the place, but
that sort of thing ceased to be Inter
esting when you have nothing else to
do. They made signals to Mrs. Mead
ows and waited patiently about the
spring, hoping to catch a glimpse of
Little Mr. Thimblefinger. But all to np
purpose. Buster John was disgusted
and said so; but Sweetest Susan had
clearer Ideas about the matter.
"What can you expect?" she asked.
"If you were Mr. Thimblefinger what
would you have done when you saw
that great crowd of men and wagons,
and heard the drums and the brass
horns? Why, you wouldn't show your
head In a year. And as for Mrs. Mead
ows, one of th" soldiers let his horse
drink from the spring. What do you
suppose Mrs. Meadows thought when
she saw that kind of a shadow staring
at her through the water?"
"Well, grandfather says' war 'Is the
worst thing that ever happened in the
world," said Buster John, "and I
reckon It is." , y K7.^
* (To Be Continued.)
"Funny thing that happened to Blo
hardt a little while ago. ■ We were walk
ing along the sidewalk, and he said he
hadn't had a fall for six winters— rather
boasted of it, *In fact. Just then he step
ped on a banana skin that had frozen on
the. top of one of those smooth Iron coal
hole covers." . y > J-' '..-.:,
"And took a hard fall, of course. That's
what he got i for "
- "No. That's the funny part of it. He
didn't fall; : kept right on walking as If
nothing had happened. You can't always
tell, you know."— Chicago Tribune.
PAGES ,
.25 to 32 ' li26
C .. 3 BE warm days of the past week |
have turned society's thoughts ■.
countryward and already plans j
are being formulated for the .
__ summer outing. The heglra to :
the summer resorts promises to
be earlier than ever this year, and the j
closing of the schools will Bee trunks ,
spirited away and the city well nigh de
serted.
Those fortunate ones who have coun
try homes ln the vicinity of town are hav
ing them aired and dusted preparatory to
an early flitting, and In the meantime are
planning house parties, with a.ll their In
cident gayetles to last from Saturday un
til Monday.
The spring days in town will be filled
with teas, luncheons and other festivi
ties that will be carried to the verge of j
summer.
•. • •
The principal events listed on the so
cial calendar for the present week are |
the dinner which Mr. and Mrs. Clarence •
Martin Mann purpose giving next Satur- ;
day evening at their residence. 3414 Wash- j
ington street, complimentary to Hon. and !
Mrs. E. B. Pond; and the gingerbread '.
fete that Is to be held in Golden Gate
Hall on Wednesday, Thursday and Fri- I
day evenings for the benefit of the Chil- '■
dren's Hospital and' Training School fori
Nurses.
The flrst tea of the past Easter sea- i
son, which was also the largest affair of !
the week, was given yesterday by Mrs
George C. Boardman at her residence, i
1760 Franklin street, In honor of Miss
Edith Owen, who is visiting her. The -
hours of the reception were from 5 to 7 !
and there was a dinner afterward to the !
young ladles of the receiving party and !
an equal number of gentlemen. ' The !
young ladles were: Miss Owen, Miss
Cora Bmedberg. Miss Mary Kip, Miss
Bertha Smith, Miss Blandfng. Miss Kate 1
Salisbury. Miss Bertie Bruce, Miss The- i
rese Morgan and the. Misses Tompkins.
• • •
One of the most delightful entertain
ments of the week was the lunch party
given by Mrs. Grant Selfridge on Tuesday
last at the University Club In honor of
Mrs. E. B. Per.in, who is here from Ari
zona on a visit to her mother, Mrs. John
McMullln, The table was exquisitely dec
orated wit- yellow primroses, woven in
garlands, and Empire wreaths. Those
Invited to meet Mrs. P. rrin were* Mrs
John McMullin. Mrs. Walter E. Dean'
Mrs. Ryland B. Wallace. Mrs. F c'
Monteverde, Mrs. Frank Latham. Mrs!
John Landers, Mrs. Jessie Dettrick Mrs
Darlo Orena and Mrs. McMullln-Belvln'
Mr. and Mrs. Mountford 8. Wilson gave
a dinner party on Wednesday evening at
their residence on Bush street, compli
mentary to Hon. and Mrs. Whitelaw Reid
and Hon. and Mrs. Harold Sewall
Another dinner at *vhich Mr and Mrs
Reid and Mr. and Mrs. Sewall were the
guests was given on Thursday by Mr
and Mrs. William H. Crocker at their
home on California s:*reet. There were
twenty guests present.
• •
Mrs. Harold Sewall --/as also the guest
w..M° nor at " ''" ,* vn *' hff1 >- eiven by Mrs.
William Babcock on Thursday at the
I niversity Club The table was banked
with Beauty of Glazenwood roses Those
nt table besides the hostess and her
guest of honor were: Mrs. Charles Brig
ham. Mrs. John Parrott. Mrs. A, H Pay
son Mrs. Whitelaw Reid, Mrs. Babcock
of the Presidio, Mrs. Charles Page Miss
Jennie Flood and Miss Flora Low
Mrs H. MA. Miller gave a lunch party
recently at her homo in Oakland, com
plimentary to Miss Elizabeth Watt who
has just returned from New York Tho
others entertained were: Mrs C 'o C
Miller, Mrs. Harry East Miller Mr,
Orestes Pierce. Miss Eltzaneth McNear
Miss Marguerite Jolliffe, the Misses Kit
tredge, Miss Amy McKee, Miss Be lo
Mhoon. Ml ss pier cc. the Misses Herrick
and the Misses Moffitt. nci * 1
* • •
The wedding of Miss Louise S. Finch
and Louis C. Ralston, son of A J Rni
ston of Oakland, will take placeAnril is
IthS N.'y? Con^gaUo n P al 'church ft
The marriage of Miss Elizabeth Watt
and Donald "_. Campbell will be solem
nized next June. om
Mr. and Mrs. Richard Bayne acoom
panied by Miss Genevieve Goad have,
gone to the mountains to be cone ««»
weeks Mr. Bayne feeling the need of
aome bracing mountain air.
Mr. and Mrs. Richard Sprague will leave
New \ork next Friday to visit Mrs
Sprague's parents. Judge and Mrs Willi
itm T. Wallace, at their home 799 Van
Ness avenue. Mrs. I. S. Van Winkle has
taken the Denis Donohoe cottage at San
Rafael for the summer. c ° an
Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Atterbury of Pitts
burg, Pa,, arrived here last week and are
at the Palace Hotel. They will visit.Sac
ramento and Portland, Or., before return
ing to their home.
Mr. and Mrs G. D. Phillips left on
Thursday last to make an extended triD
through the Eastern States. ",
Mr. and Mrs. Frank S. Johnson will re
turn to this city next Saturday, after an
absence of six weeks, during which time
they visited New York, Boston and Wash
ington, D. C.
Mr. and Mrs. Harrison Dlbblee will take
a cottage at San Rafael for the summer
months.
Mr. and Mrs. David Davidson returned
from Southern California last Tuesday
Mr. Davidson's health was much benefited
by the trip. Mrs. Henry arrived from
Washington. D. (*., hist Thursday for a
six months visit to her parents, Dr and
Mrs. Voorhles, at 2111 California street
* • •
Mr. and Mrs. Miles P. O'Connor of San
Jose are at the Palace Hotel. They ex
pect to leave soon for the East en route
to Europe, where they will make an ex
tended stay.
Hon. Whitelaw Reid and Mrs. Reid
came up from Millbrae Thursday and are
at the Palace.
Mrs. Luke Robinson has recovered from
her serious Illness.
Samuel G. Murphy has gone to Wash
ington, D. C, on a business trip, and
will be away a fortnight.
Mrs. James Wyatt Oates of Santa Rosa
la the guest of Mrs. Samuel G. Murphy
at her home on the corner of Paciflc
avenue and Pierce street.
Mrs. William P. Harrington and the
Misses Harrington, of 1812 Gough street
will leave the first of next month for
their home in Colusa, where they will
spend several months.
• * •
Wltcher Jones has gone to London on
SOCIETY
a business trip. Mrs. Jones Is visiting
her daughter, Mrs. Robert Walker, at her ,
home ln Salt Lake City.
Major and Mrs. John A. Darling, ac- j
companied by Miss Hastings, sailed |
from New York for Hamburg on April 1,
and will remain abroad until after the
exposition. They will lease a house in
Paris next fall.
Edward M. Greenway, who has been
visiting Portland, Or., during the past ,
two weeks, has returned to this city. |
* * *
Paymaster and Mrs. Charles M. Ray,
Monogram Gloves Are the Latest.
A FAD which had Its origin in Lon
// \\ don among the extremists, or ultra
Jl — U, smart, women of that metropolis
has reached us here, but Is as yet
so exclusive as to be practically unknown
except to a few of the "elect." This is
the embroidering of monograms on gloves.
Two of the swell glovemakers of
New York have made some few dozens
of gloves for one of the Easter brides
and perhaps three or four of the most
exclusive society leaders of the town. It
cannot be called a pretty fashion, but as
it is decreed to be the thing, the thing it
will certainly prove to be.
Gloves made to order with monograms
are devoid of stitching and the monogram
is embroidered ln the center of the back
of the hand. Those which are purchased
frftm stock and then embroidered have
the monogram set between the thumb
seam and first row of stitching, and oth
ers have lt placed on the wrist below the
switching. This latter position is not al
together a very advantageous one, as a I
glove usually wrinkles so much at the 1
wrist that the monogram ls apt to lose
its prominence and the small amount of j
beauty It might otherwise possess.
I was told that Miss Virginia Fair had i
perhaps a dozen pairs of gloves thus em- !
roldered as part of her trousseau. Some I
were black embroidered in white, others j
pale flesh colors, lavenders, pearl grays
and whites embroidered in self colors..
The most popular, lf the new fad may
be said to be popular so soon, are the j
self-colored embroidered monograms. j
These decorations are so striking, even ln I
Jhe NeW Monogram QloVe.
One of the New Fads of the Swell Set.
U. S. N.. are In Annapolis, Md., where
Paymaster Ray will be stationed for
some time. . *
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Vincent Wright
have closed their home in San Jose and
are now living in this city.
General William R. Shafter, U. S. N.,
accompanied by his aid. Captain E. H.
Plummer, left here for Washington on
Tuesday last. . ».
Bishop and Mrs. William H. Moreland
have gone to San Mateo, where they
have taken a cottage for the summer.
Hon. Harold Sewall left on Friday to
visit his father in Bath. Me. He wlll bo
away about three weeks and wlll then'
return and accompany Mrs. Sewall to
their home In Honolulu. -y
The d' Accord Club held Its final ->«*sem
bly and hop at Cotillon Hall on Thurs
day evening, April 6. Among the mem
bers present were: Miss Alvlna Vallguth,
Miss Tude Crooks. Miss Alma Harder,
Miss Lydla Malowansky, Miss Alice Dor
gan. Miss Hermanda Joost, Miss Emma
Becker, Miss Josle Fratlnger, Miss Doris
Heuer, Miss Minnie Becker, Miss Bettle
Joost, Miss Etta Becker, Miss Emma
Falsch, Miss Clara Klt-rara, Miss Viola
Klelnbcrg, Miss Ida Precht, Miss Elsa
Prleber, Miss Zeta Rippon, • Miss Alice
Flynn. Miss E. Shanley. Miss Meta Wal
ters, Mrs. Whitney, J. P. Whitney, P. C.
Westerfeld, W. Weglehner, G. H. Wen
del, A. K. Harshall, H. F. Schlichting.
F. Sykes, R. Phillips, E. A.
Leavy, W. Kells, C. J. Hittell, P. J.
Heuer. J. M. Hayes, H. E. Gates, Otto
Falsch, J. E. Britt, A. H. Ante, H. Aldu
nate, R. Arroyo and Emlle A. Groezinger.
The fifty-third meeting of San Mateo's
literary society, the Fortnightly, was
held on Thursday evening in the parlors
of St. Margaret's School, over fifty, per
sons being present. Mrs. Phil M. Roedel
presided. The following were present:
Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Palmer, Mr, and
Mrs. G. W. Dickie, Mr. and Mrs. Phil M.
Roedel, Mr. and Mrs. D. F. Walker, Mr.
and Mrs. .J. -H. Doane, Mr. and Mrs.
George* C. Ross, Rev. and Mrs. George
Wallace, Mr. and Mrs. D. W. .Donnelly,
Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Potter, Mr. and Mrs.
Henshelwood, Mr. and Mrs. N. Greathead,
Mr-, and Mrs. P. L. Noisat. Mrs. Paul
Scott, Mrs. B. P. B. Cole, Mrs. Q. M.
Morse. Mrs. C. 11. Klrkbrlde, Mrs. ' Lin
coln, Mrs. Sisson, Mrs. E. S. Hunt, Mrs.
Lawrence, the Misses Minnie and Hattie
Edwards, the Misses Olive and Edna
Goodhue, Miss Henlon. Miss Dakln, Miss
Lou Scott, Miss Isabel Dennison, Miss
Paulln, Miss Myrtle Klrkbrlde, L. H.
Fuller, W. D. Read, C. L. Dresbach, S.
A. Maclure, William Dickie, C. N. Kirk
bride. Mr. Fuller, Mr. Wallace, F. Dickie,
Charles Roedel and Dr. Sisson.
Among the Californians who sailed from
New York Thursday last for Europe on
the Hamburg-American liner Auguste
Victoria were: Lloyd Tevls Breckinridge,
Miss Florence Breckinridge and maid of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 9, 1899.
San Francisco, and Miss Georgie Emer
son of Oakland. _.
Mr. and Mrs. I. Goodman announce the
engagement of their daughter. Miss Tlllle
Goodman, to Samuel O. Meyer. Will -be
at home Sunday, April 16, from 2 to 5
p. m.. at 1217 Geary street. tt _,
The Metamora Stamm No. 4, U. O. K.
M., will give Its fifth anniversary ball this
evening at Saratoga Hall, Sl4 Geary
street. ... ,
The Native Sons of Vermont wlll give
their next entertainment Friday evening,
i April 14, at Odd Fellows' Hall.
I The San Francisco Conservatory or Mv-
I sic will give a concert next W ednesday
! evening at the conservatory, 130 Powell
I street. It will be under the direction of
E. S. Bonelll. _ ,
The fourth reception of the Tuesday-
I Night Club will be held at Cotillon Hall,
j 1310 Polk street, on * Tuesday evening,
' Britannia Lodge No. 7. Daughters of St.
'< George, will give a grand social and en
tertainment on Wednesday evening,
April 19. - y v. „ -•• ' *--_
. The eleventh anniversary ball of the
! Arion Verein will take place Saturday
; evening, April 22, at the rooms, 414 Pine
'■ street.
self-coloring, that few will be brave
enough to hazard so striking a contrast as
white and black, or vice versa,
My attention was drawn by one glove
maker to a verj- serious objection, which
he admitted would stand greatly in the
wav of making these monogram gloves
very popular among New York women,
and that was the . fact that these mono
grams were bound to make tho hand look
larger than lt naturally was.
Several samples were shown me, and
really I could not consider them anything
else but ugly— for Instance, a glove of
suede ln the new bluet shade, with a
white patch in the middle of the back as
large as a 10-cent piece.
This fad is just in its birth in the
stamping shops, for I was told that two
young girls had left three or four pairs
of kid gloves to be stamped with their
monograms, and intended embroidering
them themselves.
1 asked on a venture whether they could
stamp my, monogram on a pair of kid
gloves, and besides replying ln the affirm
ative they showed me the gloves they had
already stamped. >• -
As a novelty for a present or for piazza
work at a summer resort they are cer
tainly very fetching, but for downright
utility and beauty they undoubtedly stand
a very meager chance for any great suc
cess.
There are always certain women who
will grasp at anything In the novelty line,
and we must be prepared to see, after the
fad has once been started, many gloved
hands displaying the wearer's monogram
in contrasting or self-coloring.
Mrs. Caroline S. Baker of Washington.
D. C, was married at noon Wednesday
to Lieutenant N. C. Twining of the bat
tleship lowa. The wedding took place at
St. Stephens* Church, the R«v. Edgar
Lyon officiating. The bride was given
away by her brother-in-law, B. W.
J. Fox of New York. Chaplain F. C.
Brown of the lowa was the groom's best
man. The bride was attended by Mrs".
Levin T. Jones of San Francisco. A wed- I
ding breakfast followed at the Palace. ■
Lieutenant and Mrs. Twining have taken !
apartments at the California, where they
will remain until the lowa sails. j
'r':'_ ' *' • X'-ay
The engagement is announced of Miss
Ethel Dickson and Cecil J. Holcombe,
who was for several years connected
with Payot, Upham & Co., and is at pres
ent the cashier of the Royal Exchange
Assurance Company of -, Chicago. Miss
Dickson is the daughter of Robert Dick
son, who was general manager of the
Royal Assurance Company when here.
The engagement has been announced of
Miss Gertrude M. Campbell, daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. R. A, Campbell of Oak
land, to Dr. David Shoemaker. The wed
ding, which will be a very quiet one, will
take place April 19 at the home of Miss
Campbell's parents, 1014 Sixteenth street.
After a three months' Journey through
the Eastern and Southern States the
young couple will make "their home in
Truckee, Nev., where Dr. Shoemaker Is
stationed as railroad surgeon.
Mr. and Mrs. Francis Carolan are ' ln
New York, and were among the guests
at the Fair-Vanderbllt wedding.
Mrs. ' Seymour Cunningham of Wash
ington has been the guest recently of her
mother In Oakland.
Gordon Blandlng is In New York.
. Mayor James D. Phelan expects to
leave soon for a trip to the southern part
of the State for the benefit of his health
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Sloss have returned
from Paso Robles., ..
• The Colonial Dames held their last
meetings for the season at the home of
Mrs. Augustus F. Rogers, 2510 Broadway
Mrs. Rogers was assisted In entertaining
by her daughters. An unusually large
collection- of portraits and other
heirlooms made the occasion most
attractive. Mrs. _ Seldon S. Wright,
chairman" for" "California, presided'
The Dames present Included Mrs. Henry
Gibbons. Mrs. E. W. Newhall and Mrs
C. "Elwood Brown. Oflicers: Mrs.. S. W
Holladay, Mrs. S. M. Van Wyck, Mrs
George L. Whitney, Mrs. T. Z. Blakeman
Mrs. George Barstow, Mrs. Louis Aldrich',
Mrs. Charles H. Hedges, ' Mrs. Hervey
Darneal, Mrs. B, C. Dick. Mrs. Cameron
G. Cambron, -Mrs. i Frank Winchester,
Mrs. Samuel F. Lelb and Mrs. Pedro M.
Lusson of San Jose, Mrs. Thomas Flint
of San Juan, Miss Elizabeth M. Jones,
Mrs. A. Brooke Rose, Miss Emily Ray
mond and Florence E. Mason of Alameda.
The marriage of Charles Barron and
Mrs. Lena Silver took place at the re_J-
I dence of the bridegroom's sister. 383 Oak
street on Sunday evening, April 2. The
) ceremony was performed by Rev. M. S.
! Levy with all the rites of the Jewish
j church. Charles Agner was best man and
I Miss May Carsten was bridesmaid. The
Misses Ray and Gussie Barron were the
maids of honor. Mr. and Mrs. Barron will
travel for a month, then return to San
Francisco and reside at 383 Oak street.
Mr. and Mrs. Perle entertained the
members of the "8:16" Whist Club at their
home, 870 Castro street, Oakland, on
Wednesday, March 29. Those present
were: Mr. and Mrs. Roach, Mr. and Mrs.
McKinley, Mr. and Mrs. C. Davis, Mr.
and Mrs. Dorsaz, Miss E. Short, Mr.
Amsden, Miss L. Botters and G. W. Dug
dell. The flrst lady's prize was won by
Mrs. Perle; first gentleman's prize by Mr.
Dugdell and the consolation favors by
Mrs. Davis and Mr. Perle.
The Lyceum Dramatic Company will
give an entertainment and dance in Mis
sion Turn Verein Hall on Friday evening,
April 14. The comedy drama, "A Moun
tain Waif," will be presented by the fol
lowing members: Miss Fannie Ososke,
Miss Hattie Callopy, Miss Frances Fried
lander, Frederick . Winters. Daniel G.
Coleman, •J. L. Stanley, John E. Reyn
olds, W. G. Sass, Lee Fuller, Harry Wll
klns • and Frank Roberts. Miss Mac
Keene and J. . W. Sullivan wlll appear ln
"A Little Game of -Destiny." Dancing
under the direction of ,W. N. Dingle will
follow the performance.
Last Wednesday "Miss Elsa Langer en
tertained a number of her friends at her
home, 1886 Mission street, on her birthday
anniversary. Those present were: Miss
May Berard, Miss Jennie Berard, Miss
Sophia Cordt, Miss Freda Cordt, Miss Isa
bella Sample, Miss Clara Pherien, Miss
ELLA WHEELER WILCOX DISCUSSES LOVE
and
SENTIMENT.
SOME time ago an unhappy wife
wrote to me that her husband hated
women and insulted her ln the
presence of her friends, and never
spoke a kind or pleasant word to
her. I advised the woman to go
away from such a man and make a peace
ful home for herself and children,
I have sentiment for a marriage tie
which binds quarreling people together
in a bond of hatred. It Ib wicked and Im
moral relationship. Children reared ln
such homes are worse than orphans.
My advice to this woman brought the
following violent protest from a man
whom one cannot help but suspect may
be the woman-hating husband. He says:
"Before giving this unfortunate woman
such 'damnable' advice would it not be
well to try and find out her husband's un
usual hate toward woman and company?
He Is certainly a brute; that ls evident in
hitting a woman; but the fact of his be
ing a non-drinking man is in his favor.
I tell you, Mme. Wilcox, a man after his
day's work ls entitled to some quietness j
and respect from wife and children when
you consider life ln a flat. The women I
have too much to say. In order for a hus
band to meet your requirements he should
say nothing but support. Respectfully,
"WILLIAM B. STEWART."
Extreme as this correspondent Is ln his
remarks upon my letter, he touches upon
a point it is well for wives to consider.
Women who live ln apartments and who
chum with their neighbors ought to con
| fine their visiting and receiving hours to
: the time of the day when their husbands
are absent. /*> ".r--i •"•,.
After a hard day's work, as- my. amiable
: friend suggests, a man wants ■ his , home
| to be a palace of .peace and' rest, where
I he can read his evening paper and relax \
! his mind, undisturbed 'by the chatter of i
| a lot of gossiping neighbors. ; l-V" -
I have in mind two or three women of j
my acquaintance whose Incessant talk i
about nothing would , cause any man ! '
I obliged to live near 'them to become -a I
; woman-hater.
A woman's flrst thought, aim, ambi- !
j tion and consideration should be for the :
■ comfort, happiness and best good of the i
man whose home she lives in. If the I
author of the letter quoted above -had '
read this column with more care he '
would know how constantly 1 have tried
to impress the idea upon the mind of
complaining wives. Over and over I ;
have urged woman whose husbands i
were faithless or unkind to study their j
own conduct and try and see If they j
cannot find, a. cause for the flrst false '
note In* love's harmony 'ln their own
failure to keep ln tune. •■
1 caused a flood of furious letters to i
descend upon me once upon a time by i
saying ln print that almost Invariably
when a man proved to be a bad husband j
I had found the first fault • began
with the woman. Careless housekeep
ing, personal untidiness, extravagance,
disregard of the husband's tastes and
wishes, Irritability, frivolity and Lack of
patience are some of the small foxes
which spoil the domestic vine.
The woman who makes her . husband
the flrst thought of' her heart ln every
way will overcome all these faults lf
she possesses -them, and she will, eight
times out of ten, keep her husband's love
lf she ever had it.
But there are out of the ten cases two
DID you think ; remembering your
boyhood or your* 1 girlhood, and re
calling what you have 'recently
i read in magazines, that kite-fly Ing
was simply a youthful amusement
on the one hand and a new science on the
other? - If you did you are very far wrong.
Kite-flying has not yet .risen to the dig
nity of a great national diversion, lt is
true, nor is It likely to, but the latest
phase of it-is that society has taken it up
as a pleasing pastime.
It is necessarily a sport for country
house parties, for in town there is no
space. Even the most commodious roof
top Is too limited ln area to do any kite
flying that Ir at all interesting. Besides,
it is no niminy-piminy little kites that so-
Selma Harris, Miss Sadie Zuloff, Miss
Edna Walters, Miss Dora Banz, Miss
Bella Banz, Miss Mamie Meyer, Miss Nel
lie Gray, Miss Lizzie Gray, Miss Ida Ba
ker, Miss Grace Graham. Miss Therese
Hinz, Miss Margaret Langer. Miss Valen
tine Sollman and Otto Cordt.
Mrs. J. McKinley entertained the mem
bers of the 8:15 Whist Club at her home,
674 Twenty-second street, Oakland, on
Tuesday evening. Those present were*.
Mr. and Mrs. J. McKinley, Mr. and Mrs.
F. Dorsaz, Mr. and Mrs. Davis, Mr. and
Mrs. J. F. Perle. Mrs. Roach. Miss Es
tella Short, Miss Lillian Botters, Miss L.
Blanchard, G. W. Dugdell, Mr. Campbell,
H. V. Blasdel and C. S. Dixon. First
prizes were won by Miss L. Botters. and
F. Dorsaz, and the booby prizes by Miss
L. Blanchard and H. V. Blasdel.
The pupils of Miss Bradley's school and
kindergarten held their Easter execlses
at 628 Eddy street March 31. Those who
took part were; Miss Agnes Andersen,
Johan Andersen, Miss Doris Brewster,
Miss Grace Chittenden, Ransford Crook,
Aemparita Farrar, Miss Florence Hinck
ley, Miss Florence Kaiser, Alfred Konlg
stein, Miss Irene Konigstein, Miss Bessie
Kreiss, Shirley Levison, Miss Alleen Lev
ison, Ralparita Lopez, Frank Martell,
Miss Madeline McVey, Miss Loris Mit
chell, Miss Lorina Mills, Clifford Salomon,
Scemna Schroeder, Charles Simon, Miss
Lavlna yon Staden, Calvin yon Staden,
Bennle Steacy, James Steacy, Miss Flor
ence Tlghe, Miss Johanna Tlghe, Miss
Lizzie Woebecke and Miss Dorothy-
Wright.
Last Saturday evening an April Fool
party was given by Miss Lillian Smith at
her residence, 2502 Folsom street. Among
those present were: Miss Lillian Smith,
the Misses Lilybel and Mabel Ettlng, Miss
Lillie Van Burgen, Miss Nettle Wilson,
the Misses Marie and Anna Joost, Miss
Minnie Puckhaber, Miss Lilly Dunbar,
Otto F. Schiller, Martin Joost, Warren
Reid, A. Dahler, Bert Bouton, Harry
Puckhaber, Felix Hubbard, Leslie Col
lum, George Withers, R. A. Reed and Mr.
and Mrs. Smith.
The following passengers sailed on the
steamship Australia for Honolulu- last
Wednesday: Mrs. D. H. Bailey, Miss K.
Bon, H. C. Bush, David. A.. Croall. Nor
man Croall, Mrs. Dale, Miss V. Dale, J.
H. Dubell, J. T. Gllmartln and wife. Miss
M. Graham, Miss O. Grlffln; E. Halstead,
men whom no woman can keep loyal or
kind. These are men who are utterly sel
fish, cross and Incorrigible.
Such a man, I judge, was the "woman
hater" whose wife I advised to go away
and make a decent home for herself and
children. Such a man has no right to
ruin the life of the children he has caused
to exist. He should live alone and have
leisure to study himself. '■
Chlcago has a "Non-Sentimental Club."
It Is composed of women who pride them
selves of being free not only of sentl
mentallsm, but from sentiment also, lt
seems.
One of .the women, an officer, I believe,
married during the recent Spanish war.
Her husband was a "good fellow," whom
she admired. Of course she would not
think of loving any man in a sentimental
manner. The bridegroom was ordered to
Cuba the day of the wedding. The wife
did not weep nor ask to follow. She
stayed at home and attended to her busi
ness. Of course she is a business woman.
After some months her "business" called
her to Cuba. She violently asserted this
fact, lest any one should think she wished
to go to Cuba ln order to be near her
husband. \'-. ; *
Now, of all the silly and obnoxious
phases of the "woman's movement" this
club is the acme.
Fortunately, it can only be regarded as
a farce, and I doubt lf lt expects to be
taken seriously by any one. But even as
a farce lt seems to be a failure.
It Is not even funny. , The woman with
out sentiment and romance In her nature
Is as unnatural as a julceless orange. She
Ib a picture without perspective or lights
and shadows. She ls a book without plot,
motive or style. y: ."•!;■.,.• *;,' f; '.'•'".•" .
j Sentiment 19 to -woman* what perfume ls
to the flower. -.-".•
A man without sentiment ls an unfortu
nate being, a woman without lt Is a blem.
Ish on the face Of nature.
Instead of educating sentiment and ro
mance* but we should educate lt Into
people. -^ ''
It is the A keynote to life— happiness.
The best wife, mother, daughter and
sister is always a woman of sentiment.
It ls only .when the thorny briars of
duty are made to •■ blossom with the flow
ers of sentiment that life's hard tasks be
come endurable.
Tlie best wife Is the woman who Ideal
izes her husband, who surrounds him
with a halo of romance and sentiment,
which ln nineteen cases out of twenty
causes him to become the very being she
Imagines him. .-",.;
I know a mother whose constant Ideal
izing sentiment toward a selfish and de
plorably commonplace son resulted In hit
transformation Into a thoughtful and ap
A NoVel Sport That Is Coming Out of the East.
ciety is flying on these parties, but kites
of a goodly size, and box kites at that of
the elaborate sort made so popular In the
recent scientific experiments,..;
These parties are generally given at
country houses particularly well situated
for this sport from being either upon or
close to a hill that somewhere commands
the country, or at houses In the center of
a broad, level plain, or at houses on the
seashore, for lt Is essential that all .the
circumstances and surroundings he favor
able to kite-flying, especially since the
kite-flyers of both sexes are very new at
this game.
A flne breezy night is chosen, and the
party marching forth separate Into
couples. There are half as many kites as
there are men and girls, and at the start
a kite Is as/signed to each couple. The
wife, three children, infant and maid; J.
Halstead, C. L. Haska and wife, J. G.
Holzhelmer, R. Ivers, Matt Keefe, F. F.
Kelley J. W. Leneve, wife and child,
Dr. S. L. Leneve and wife, Mrs. J. A. Le
feber, F. Leith. Miss L. McGlnnes, Mrs.
William Q. Morrison, Mrs. J. R. Shingle
and child, H. T. Thrope, Miss A. Widdl
field * _ . ■.„
The engagement is announced of Mlss
Rose Attell and Nathan Abrams, both of j
this city.
Mrs. S. B. Oppenhelm announces the en
gagement of her daughter Augusta to G.
P. Karpel. The wedding will take place
Tuesday, April 11, at noon, and will be
witnessed by members of the family only.
The engagement is announced of Miss-
Edna O'Brien, daughter of M. O'Brien of
San Francisco, and Charles Francis
Hutchinson, secretary of the Farmers
Union and Milling Company of Stockton.
Mrs. Lena A. Son announces the en
gagement of her daughter, Miss C arrie
Son, to Harry Gabriel. They will be
pleased to see their friends to-day at 134b
Ellis street. ", -" ■-•
The wedding of Mis** Beckie Moss and
Samuel Karsky will take place Sunday.
April 16, at 1818 O'Farrell street.
Mrs. L. Hanak (nee Cohen) will be at
home the flrst Friday of the month at
41. "A Lyons shtreet. :■--':-' .-.* ...
Mrs. C. S. Bladen (nee Attell) will re
ceive her friends to-day from 2 to 5 at
her residence, 133 Harriet street.
Mr. and Mrs. L. E. 'Garren will be at
home to-day from 2 to 6 p. m. at 1751 .Mils
Miss Sadie E. Rattigan has returned to
Ursuline Academy, Santa Rosa, after ,
spending the Easter vacation with her
parents at 1442 Clay street.
The next monthly dance of the Deux
Temps will be held at Golden Gate Hall,
625 Sutter street, April 20.
— ♦ — —
Ground oyster shells were given by the
medieval doctors to children suffering
from rickets and scrofula. Now lt ap
pears that they were right. The shells
contain lime, nitrogen, Iron, sulphur, man
ganese, magnesia, fluor, bromide, phos
phoric acid and lodine, all excellent for
feeble children. They say that If growing
children were to take powdered oyster
shells In their food the teeth would be
Improved. .
preclatlve man who was worthy of her
affection.
The "non-sentlmentallsts" talk about
looking "facts square ln the face." They
forget that It Is rude to stare. "Facts"
resent such Impoliteness on our part. Why
should we go about staring "facts" out of
countenance? We are told they "are
stubborn things." It ls enough to make
a fact stubborn to eternally hear that
phrase and to have people forever staring
ln the face.
Surround a fact with a little sentiment,
place a halo about Its head and give it a
sweet smile instead of a cold stare and
you will find its stern exterior quite sus
ceptible to change and Its "stubbornness"
giving way.
Sentiment goes hand in hand with love,
and the two can regenerate the world.
Without them life ls not worth the living.
—Ella Wheeler Wilcox ln . New York
Evening World.
» ♦ «
Mme. Pattl has made as much as $350,
--000 ln a single year, though at present, It
Ib said, she does not trouble to make more
than $50,000. Melba earns $150,000 when ln
full work. Rosa Bonheur has sold one
year's paintings for $190,000. and Sarah
Bernhardt makes an average of $70,000.
■ » ■
The main use of the coverings at night
ls to give the body the warmth that ls
lost by reduced circulation of the blood,
When the body lies down it is the in
tention of nature that .lt rest,
and that the heart especially 'Should be
relieved temporarily of <_ts-.jiegular work.
So that organ makes ten strokes ,a min
ute less than 'when' the body Is ln an up
right posture. • This means . 600 . strokes ln
sixty minutes. Therefore, ln the eight
hours that a man usually spends in tak
ing his night's rest, the heart la saved
nearly 5000 strokes. As lt pumps 6 ounces
of blood with each stroke, it lifts 30,000
ounces less of blood ln the night's session
than it would during the day, when a
man ls usually in an upright position.
Now, the body ls dependent for Its
warmth on the vigor of the circulation,
rules and regulations are that two men
Z,.° % ir *v, sh , a -- never be working at any
kite, and this is strictly adhered to.
At the signal the kites are started,
home, by force of luck or by skill In hand
ling, catch the breeze at once and dash
along in the air, pulling on the kite string
vigorously. As these successful kites
swing high above, with many a swirl and
< lp -, th £ y i ook . striking picturesque (espe
cially if the night be very clear and well
moonlit), the candle light gleaming
through their sines in faint rays 7 "*? 8
It is science, this flying 0 box kites
harder than most people would suspect'
and few get their kite.-* up at either the
first second or third attempt without
much difficulty. Chance complicates the
competition. The element of luck Is very
pronounced, and even those most skillful
fail in some particular time and again
All are up at last, for the unfortunate
and as the blood flows so much more
slowly through the veins when one Is ly
ing down, the warmth lost In the reduced
circulation must be supplied by extra
coverings. . _
J\ S mple Spring j*lat.
If my muse Is propitious I'm going to
sing
Of a very remarkable sort of a thing:
'Tls the structure the women this year
call a "hat":
It might be 'most anything, so why not
that?
And lf any woman who's got half a will
ln her
Would like to know how she can be her
own milliner, ; : .y-
And thus possess one of those wondrous
confections,
She has but to follow these simple di
rections:
First, take for the groundwork what's
known as a frame
(The shape doesn't matter; no two are
the same),
Then take lots of ribbon and make Into
bows,
Wide, narrow, red, yellow, mauve—every
thing goes.
Next scatter these ribbon bows over the
crown,
In front and behind, wrong side out, up
side down;
If you put them on blindfold you'll get
an effect
That the leaders of fashion will cry ia
"correct."
Then gather gay garlands of marvelous
hue,
Green roses, pink lilacs and r*opple_ of
blue,
And place them in bunches wherever
there's room,
Tin you've built up a bower of fanciful
bloom.
The hat, lf you've carefully followed my
words,
Ib now ready for adding occasional birds,
Two wings, a few feathers, a pompon,
some lace.
And three jeweled hatpins to keep it ln
place.
You now have a headgear that no one
would know
Was not a creation of Madame Virot*
And if you've good taste you will hide it
away, • ■
And buy a neat "sailor" to wear every
day.
H. G. PAINE, in Harper's Bazar.
?p= P ho^ cannot manage to raise their
their ?rIHi after a while be -rescued from
with P s« dlcam en _ and he 'P ed out - Then
» B ml ? en of , hese unwieldy boxes that
tfn?«^ ♦£ trango in the kite world pirouet-
SSf ?LVl ce M an l? moment in the air, gyra-
SSSfffiM^S the plclure is °™ of
n^f« up aloft with those kites the great
?^ i em '„ V. £ eep the candles alight. A
~«2_- r u ha f have their lights suddenly
extinguished, and the beauty and strange
ness of these great floating glowworms of
the air _ partially at least lost. It Is an
hour of delightful uncertainty. The turn
or fortune with a perfectly managed kite
may see its light go out; a badly, con troll
ed kite may keep its light until It Is finally
pulled to the ground; but, on the other
hand, a misadvised jerk may end that
Kite s career for the night and leave it
hanging, -a black mass, In midair-.--3 HE very latest fad. found in all
j the large jewelry establishments
and already worn by the ultra
smart woman. Is called a laval
li> Here. The lavalllere consists of
a short gold chain, very fine and
deljcate in workmanship, about twelve
Inches in length, having at the end two
crystal pendants. These pendants may be
balls, pear-shaped, hearts, four-leaf
clovers or any design which pleases the
fancy of the purchaser.
They are made In imitation of garnet,
emerald, amethyst, topaz, pure white
crystal or of a color to suit a certain
gown, or one to go with many gowns.
These lavallieres are worn knotted
around a four-in-hand tie, fastened ln a
lace cravat or across the front of the
corsage on the left or right side. The
most popular use for them is to fasten the
open fronts of the fancy bodices so fash
ionable to-day.
For the latter purpose is shown a cute
little gold hook and eye, studded with
tiny brilliants. This hook and eye ls
sewed to the sides of the open front; the
chain Is looped through the eye and when
the hook is fastened the chain ends and
the two pretty colored crystal pendants
dangle gracefully among the full lace
Jabots of the vest
This lavalllere is the very latest thing
from Paris. And the all-wise providence
which watches over the tailor-made girl
. as well as her more frivolous sister has
deer-: that these lavallieres shall be
just as smart when knotted around a
four-in-hand tie as when dangling among
the lace of tho fancy fronts.
» • •
There ls nn old English proverb to the
effect that there never was a wedding at
which others *-*,ere not made and that the
bride walks with the little god shooting
backward into the gay crowd of wedding
guests. Since Easter is the season for
brides, of course it reaps an aftermath
of engagements. And there is a new idea
in regard to the engagement ring. The
diamond has always been regarded as the
ring par excellence, but the new and
pretty custom Is to give the girl the stone
which is regarded as her birth stone.
The January stone Is garnet, typical of
constancy, and as garnets are very fash
ionable gems, many dainty rings are made
containing this stone. The February girl
is satisiied with the blessing of a con
tented mind, and to her is given the
amethyst. The bloodstone, evidence of
courage, is tho March girl's ring stone.
The April girl is the most fortunate of
all, as to her can only be given the dia
mond, the stone for "innocence." Success
in love is the portion of the girl born in
May, to whom emeralds are given, and
with diamonds they make a beautiful set
ting. Juno brings tho pearl, emblem of
■purity; while nobility of mind and the
ruby are fur the July maiden.
If thc:girl is born in August she may
n< Vx r hope for conjugal felicity unless she
possesses a moonstone, so it behooves
her lover to see that she has one. Sep
tember requires the. sapphire to avert evil
and: the October girl hopes with the opal.
The' topaz brings fidelity in friendship
to those born in November, while a pros
perous life is secured to those born ln
December If the turquoise is worn. Those
who do as they pleaso in the matter set
the birth stone with diamonds, and the
Bettings are oblique,
• * •
Another old fashion in jewelry that has
become a new fashion is the brooch, the
•"breast pin" of our grandmothers' (lavs.
Marvelous stories are told of the brooches
in the collection of thu Fair-Vanderbilts.
• One is a stomacher, so to speak, for it
.covers the whole front of the dress waist
and is a marvel of rare jewels.
The more old-fashioned the brooch tho
more It is to be desired, so the cameos
and carnelians. which have not seen the
light of day for many years, are now be
ing brought out and rubbed up. The
licnus, which will be so popular as an
adjunct to the dress; will give an opportu
nity for the display of the brooch. A pecu
liar sort of brooch Is made of silver
pieces, which are joined representing the
articulated body of a serpent. The eyes
are emeralds, and as the body wiggles
as one walks there is a sort of uncanni
ness about ii- ••*."■"
• • •
Fashion autocrats predict a belt and
buckle year, and not one. but every jew
eler, is showing a collection of belt and
neck buckles from which every woman
can take her choice. The new finish in
oxidized silver is very popular.
One of the new leather buckles comes in
the floral pattern— a flower for every
month— lily for Easter, rose for June, etc.
Some are oxidized silver, some are in fire
git. some are in the natural colorings.
A very faddish buckle is a style called
the "ceramic," an Imitation of a lost art.
Th^-se buckles are as large as a silver dol
lar and are of a dull, tarnished green,
copied from some specimens found In the
ruins of Pompeii. They are set in a rope
rim of dull Roman gold, and look as
though they hau Just been dug out of the
ruins of the ancient city. As they are
comparatively expensive they are bound
to be elusive.
The belts are of wide liberty satin and
are worn rather tight, so that when
claoped ln front with the buckle they give
a full wrinkled effect to the waist line.
Of course, this is all very well for slender
figures, but rather trying to the stout
woman.
The neck buckles necessitate a soft,
wide liberty satin ribbon, long enough to .
go around the neck once and then to be
brought forward to the front again and
fastened to the left side with the buckle.
.All ribbons around the neck are devoid of
bows and ends, and are either tied in
four-ln-hand 'effect or fastened with the
buckle. g
_ _ a
The old-fashioned bangle bracelet Is to
the fore again, or, rather. Its Idea, but in
a new fori We have been familiar all
"winter with the large, heavy, ring brace-
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
p__pWsßty**-*-*3 Is removed by DR. and MRS. .
—^tftftt—Mn A - w - TRAVERSE. Donohoe
MTvSSS^H 1.-:;Mirj|{. 117-: Market St.. cor.
•C- 1 - -"^TyTsK Taylor, rooms 'JS-2'i. with the
y .S?, ~-j3 electric needle, without pain or
E-^.^yrL^ ■*©} scar. M-!»!>. warts, wrinkles.
_V_^ rJ?-'X blackheads. frer-l-le*. blrth-
yyjy j —"MB marks, etc., also removed. Per-
4_^__fj^iW_^m manency guaranteed. Hours. 1
HOW MRS. NEWLY-WED GOT A BEAUTIFUL NEW BONNET BY PLAYING A TRICK WITH HER HATPIN DURING A GALE OF WIND.
Lavallieres Are the Latest Fad in Jewelry
These Five Gowns Were Designed by a Celebrated Parisian Modiste, and Are Typical of the New and Charming Effects for Spring Gowns. The Materials Are All Soft and Lend Themselves
to the Clinging Style, Which Is the Effect Most Sought After by Fashion Just at Present.
let, which has gone under the name of
the "Nethersole." Well, the up-to-date
girl must have her Nethersole bracelet,
but lt must be a little different from the
one she has worn all winter in just this
one thing.
She buys or is given a Nethersole brace
let. It ls perfectly plain— lt must be for
the new fad. Then she asks all her. friends
to have their monogram engraved on her
bracelet. If the girl has many friend 3
and admirers her bracelet is soon covered
with prettily engraved monograms, each
ln a different style.
As each Individual pays for the engrav
ing of his or her own monogram, one can
easily see that the girl will soon possess a
bracelet which represents quite an out
lay, at no expense to herself.
If she doesn't have a Nethersole the
strictly up-to-date girl must have a
friendship bracelet. This is generally a
silver chain, and to the links are attached
hearts, which she must under no circum
stances buy herself. The chain is locked
and the key retained by the giver. Then
each admirer adds a heart, with his name
or other appropriate Inscription.
If your jewel box does not contain a
Nethersole or a Lavalllere, then you must
hasten to buy them If you would keep ln
step with Jewelry fashions. */
*. * *
The new fashionable Jet Is not large or
coarse, but of the finest cutting, some so
line, in fact, as to look like a powdering
of let.
There are Jet forms and trimmings by
the yard to be purchased in the shop, but
the ultra fashionable woman never thinks
of wearing these; her Jet is put on by
hand after the gown or mantle or coat ls
completed. It costs, of course, but what
does a fashionable woman care for cost
these days?
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 9, 1899.
SJUJSNI^Q SPRINQ STYLES
Hairdressing as an Aid to Beauty.
This department is for the beneflt of all those who are interested in the science of cosmetics ana tbe hy
giene of proper living. If any one desires information on either of these subjects the questions will be cheer
fully answered in tnese columns. Write as often as you like, ask as many questions as you please and sign
any name that you choose. Address all communications to Mme. Hygeia, The Sunday Call, San Francisco.
c-> «j--» OW under the shining sun ro
l. mancers can see any beauty in
j I heroines with "tresses ln artis
tic disarray." is —lore than I
_S — could ever fathom. To me such
an arrangement, or rather disar
rangement, of the hair looks positively
sloven+y. Can you see any beauty in a
girl with a tousled lot of hair hanging
down her back, an uneven fringe edging
Its way into. her eyes • and little wisps
sticking out here and there in haystack
fashion? I must confess that I can't,
even though the confession argues mo ut
terly lacking in the "artistic tempera
ment." However, I suppose there is no
accounting for people's notions, but to
By Mme. Hygeia.
my mind there is nothing that gives a
woman such a "well-groomed," attractive
appearance as a careful, neat arrange
ment of the halr.
; There are certain rules for hairdressing
that must be borne ln mind, else you are
as likely to make a cartoon as a picture of
yourself. For Instance, the lines and pro
portions of the . face must be carefully
considered. Study your facial defects,
and do not caricature these. the ar
rangement of your coiffure. Do not follow
the prevailing fashion lf lt happens to be
an unbecoming one, and remember that
what ls essentially appropriate for one
will be fatally and dismally Inappropriate
for another.
Adopt a mode of hair dressing that will
lessen and not exaggerate the lines of the
face. A straight bang Is the one thing
that a woman with a square, heavy jaw
should abjure, and vet how often one sees
this very combination, which, with two
straight lines of chin and bang, give to
the face an ugly square look. In ibis case
the hair should be arranged in such a
way as to give the top of the head a broad
effect, so lessening the appearance of
width about the lower part of the face.
falling out over the ears in a soft, fluffy
A few dainty puffs, loftily placed and
fringe will very materially lighten the
heaviness of the jaw. A bow of ribbon
or any perky little headdress will detract
from the straight cross-lines. .: V
The same rule applies to the round,
chubby faced woman. The hair should
be dressed high, to produce the effect of
length, locating the coll or twist on the
crown, or just back of it.
The woman with the wedge-shaped
face, whose features are long and sharp,
should dress her hair in a soft, low coil
at the back of her head, or the nape of
the neck, so as to simulate an appearance
of roundness or fullness of the face. And
yet how often, alas! one sees this shaped
face, with the hair drawn down over th»
ears In such a way as to elongate the
V lines of the chin.
The pompadour mode of hair dressing
is all right for the girl with a low fore
head, but where the forehead Is high, the
hair should be allowed to fall over lt In
soft, fluffy ringlets.
If the line from the chin to the crown
of the head Is long, poise the mass of
the halr just where it will break up this
appearance of length. If the line is too
short for beauty, cover the deficiency by
colling the hair just at the particular
spot where the line needs lengthening. .<*
A woman when dressing her nair should
take Into consideration the different
points of view and remember that she
will be looked at not simply from th»
front or back of her head, but from the
side as well. She may have arranged her
hair beautifully, the reflection that she
faces In the mirror may be » most charm
ing one, or the outline might be quite per
fect In the back as she regards it with
the assistance of a hand-mirror, but if
she happens to take a side view of her
self her eyes may meet a most discourag
ing reflection.
Have you ever seen anything more hu
morous and mirth-Inspiring than a wo
man with a tip-tilted nose and a Psyche
knot? I haven't. I always have an
Idiotic desire to take a tape measure and
measure the exact distance from "tip to
tip." Another caricature is the girl with
the snobby nose, with her hair dressed
a la Madonna.
Dark hair should be smoothly dressed
always, and should be brushed until it
shines like satin. There Is nothing ug
lier than very dark hair that is "frizzed"
so if/ bangs are worn let them hang in
soft rings or locks.
Light hair, however, may be waved and
combed backward or upward, as best
suits the face, and the bang curled and
combed out until It is all light and fluffy,
giving a sort of halo look. ■'*■-
So study the contour of your heads
from every side and adopt the style of
hairdressing that will bring out the good
points and conceal the bad ones, whether
it happens to be the prevailing fashion
or, not. The coiffure that gives the most
artistic balance to the face is sure to be
the most becoming.
Answers to Correspondents.
MISS MANILA— of the formulas
that you ask for were published In the
Beauty Talk of February 19. As you say
you read the talks every week you must
have seen them. Scrub that nose every
night with a complexion brush, tepid wa
ter and castiie soap until the pores are
emptied of their secretions, and then use
the following astringent wash: Take a
half-pint bottle and in it place three
tablespoonfuls of fresh uncooked cucum
ber juice. Half till the bottle with elder
flower water and then add two table
spoonfuls of eau.de cologne. Shake well
and add very slowly half an ounce of sim
ple tincture of benzoin, shaking the mix
ture now and then. Fill the bottle with
elder flower water. Use two or three
times a day, letting it dry on the skin.
The condition that your friend's eyes are
in often arises from cold. If the Inflam
mation comes from this cause a wash
made from camphor water and boracic
acid will help them. The druggist will
give it to her in the proper proportion.
If the lids are granulated an alum paste
made by rubbing a small piece of alum
into the white of an egg until a curd is
formed, and then applied to the lids upon
retiring at night, tying a piece of soft
linen over the eyes, will often entirely
cure the trouble. Bathe the eyes care
fully with warm water each morning and
the' waxy substance that gathers on the
lids may be removed without disturbing
any of the eyelashes. Tnat "chum" of
yours can whiten her neck with peroxide
of hydrogen. Castile is the best soap for
shampooing and the brand you mention
is the very purest and best made. The
milk can be left to dry on the face, or it.
can be wiped off. 1 really doubt if it will
have much of a fattening effect.
MISS A. I-;.' I cannot imagine why the
massage should .have bad such an effect
on you. Are you sure your oils were o»
the very best quality? 1 should not use
the treatment any longer if 1 were you.
if the eruptions come to a tiny white
head they must be carefully opened with
a tine needle and the contents very gently
pressed out. After which bath* the parts
afflicted with listerlne. diluted in three
times as much boiled water. This is very
healing. I sincerely hope it will help you.
You must be careful In manipulating the
breasts, as the glands are very sensitive
and the leas! little bruise is likely to re
sult in. an injury.
MARY A..— it is exceedingly difficult to
find- a genuine came- hair complexion
brush .' Most of the brushes sold under
that name are made of badger's hair, and
are really better, as they do not mat
down when -.vet, as do the camel's hair
brushes. The proper way to use one is
to wet it thoroughly In warm water, rub
on a little castiie soap and scrub the face
as you would any other portion of the
body. It starts the circulation and really
refines and beautifies the skin. I cannot
give addresses in these columns, but if
you will send me a stamped, addressed
envelope will be pleased to give you the
address of a place where a very excel
lent brush is kept.
FUTURE, R. S.— Bathing your nose ln
weak alum water and gently pressing and
pinching it from time to time will help .
to reduce its proportions. Have you tried
the complexion brush and massaging with
the orange flower skin fond? Your skin
probably needs nothing but a little nour
ishment, which the skin food will supply.
Here is the formula: Spermaceti, one
half ounce; 'refined white wax, one-half
ounce; sweet almond oil, one ounce; lan
oline, one ounce; cocoanut oil, one ounce;
tincture of benzoin, ten drops, and orange
flower water, one ounce. Melt tho first
five ingredients in a porcelain kettle.
Take from the fire and add the benzoin
and the orange flower water, fluffing It
.with an egg-beater until cold. Massage
the face with this each night, after it
has been thoroughly cleansed with warm
water and soap. Vaseline will make the
eyebrows grow, but will not darken them
very materially.
NORA— You can continue the massage
just as long as you like.
ELSA— I have sent you by mall the ad
dress that you wished. I find upon re
reading your letter that you asked for
another address that I quite overlooked.
Send me another stamped addressed en
velope and I will send it to you. Baby
powder or any powder if it is pure will not
injure the skin. No, cream is not a skin
food Do not use olive oil on your skin;
it is very apt to make the hair grow.
Cold cream certainly will not cause
blackheads. It is excellent in helping to
get rid of them. However. if. as you say,
your skin is worse under treatment of oil
of any kind I should not use It. If sweet
cream agrees with it use that instead. I
do not know of any one who has used
the electric rollers, so cannot advise you.
A tea made from senna leaves is a lax
ative and Is perfectly harmless. A little
alcohol In the rinsing water makes a good
astringent. If the pores are very gaping
use the following lotion: Precipitated
sulphur 1 dram, ether 4 drams and alco
hol 3 1 -. ounces. Use as a wash and shake
well before every application. This must
not be used until every blackhead has
disappeared and the pores are thoroughly
emptied of their secretions.
ABBIE M.— l think the following tonic
Is what your hair needs. It is a splendid
cure for dandruff and is also good for
falling tresses; Forty-eight grains resor
cln. one-half ounce glycerine and alcohol
enough to fill a two-ounce bottle. Apply
every night, rubbing it Into the scalp. An
excellent shampoo is made by adding to _
pint of warm water one ounce spirits of
rosemary and the yolk of one egg beaten
to a froth. Put in a bottle and use as
You would any shampoo, rinsing the halr
afterward In several clear waters. Soap
is not necessary when using this sham
poo, as . the egg will cleanse the hair
thoroughly.
2728
Mark Twain and Reporter.
NEW YORK, April 7.— For any one
in a position to remark them well,
It Is Interesting to study the dif
ferences between well known au
thors in their treatment of report-
era and Interviewers. Mr. How
ells has always stood peculiarly well with
them, because he has always dealt with
them In the perfectly simple and direct
fashion in which he seems to deal with
all men and all things. He almost never
denies himself to them, and answers free
ly most of tho questions they ask; and
yet he seems to have as little trouble as
any man, and much less than many men,
with their excesses of zeal. He has the
visdom not to force them too much on
She Had Often Jold Him So.
Artist — There Is a picture, sir, of the wisest, brightest, and in fact, the most perfect
man that ever lived.
Flam — Who is he?
Artist My wife's first husband.
their Invention, and I think he rarely has '
cause to complain of misrepresentation.
The harder lt Is to really come at a man,
the greater temptation lt Is to seem to j
have come at him.
Mark Twain is one who ls none too cor- |
dial to the interviewers. He may have a :
double reason for this; besides the ordi- j
nary dislike of a modest and sensitive
man to talking about himself through the I
newspapers, there ls the objection that, if
he makes any jokes or tells any stories
(and Mark Twain can scarcely talk
without doing bo), he may render good
literary material unavailable to himself.
FRATERNAL NEWS.
EASTERN STAR. I
The Institution of Century Chapter was
completed in Franklin Hall last Thursday
by Associate Grand Patron Darling, as
sisted by other grand officers. The offi
cers of the new chapter are: Mrs. Mar
tha Blade, matron; A. M. Blade, patron;
Mrs. N. A. Wood, associate matron; Al
ma E. Bottomley, secretary; Mrs. Min
nie Gunzendorfer, treasurer; Mrs. Lena
Baehr, conductress; Sophie Athearn, as
sociate conductress; Jane Danson, mar
shal; Gus Gunzendorfer, chaplain. The
ceremonies were conducted in the pres
ence of a large number of members of the
order.
Mrs. S. C. Wallls has been chosen electa
of Ivy Chapter, vice Mrs. M. E. Mc-
Lane, who resigned on account of illness.
The grand matron is making a number
of visitations and conducting schools of
instruction.
THE ODD FELLOWS.
Apollo Lodge No. 123 has elected .Louis
Hammersmith, H. D. Savllle, W. F. Nor
cross, W. M. Hilton and M. M. Estee as
its representatives to the . Grand Lodges
that will meet ln this city next month.
The trustees of the home held a busi
ness meeting at the home last night.
Grand Master Breuck and Grand Secre
tary Shaw attended a district meeting at
Fresno last Thursday night.
Parker Lodge will .have three candi
dates for initiation a week from next
Tuesday. ; y, . , , : 'y '•"*'• ''-'■'-
The committee which has the arranging
of the details of the celebration of the fif
tieth anniversary of the establishment of
Odd Fellowship In California, which will
be held In this city next October, has the
matter In good working order and ln a
snort time will have determined exactly
what the programme will be. The finance
committee reported that the local lodges
and encampments have all expressed a
willingness to lend their aid to the end
that the event shall be one worthy of the
order and a grand success.
The following are the contributions to
date: California Lodge $250, Yerba Buena
$25, Magnolia $100. Germania $50, Abou
Ben Adhem $100, Bay City $150. Excelsior
$25, Farnsworth $50, Unity $100, Paciflc
$200. Ophlr $100; Alta $1513, Golden West
$150, Spartan $50, Occidental $100, Golden
Gate $100, Fidelity $125, Sargent $100,
Morse $50. Western Addition $150, Golden
Gate Encampment $100. Wildey $50, Orien
tal $250 and Walhalla $50.
THE REBEKAHS.
On the night of the Ist Inst. Templar
Rebekah had an April fool party ln the
Memorial Hall of the Odd Fellows' build
ing and the many who were ln attendance
spent a very enjoyable evening.
Oriental . Lodge last Wednesday night
gave a pleasant Easter party, which was
attended by a large number of members
and friends.
ANCIENT ORDER WORKMEN.
The four teams which exemplified the
work before the representatives to the
Grand Lodge last Tuesday night gave
proof how well officers can do the work If
they will but attend carefully to details.
The percentage for ritualistic work, secret
work and floor work, which Includes the
drill, was: For Mount Hamilton, 99, 100,
J-5; for Prosperity, 95, S5, 92; for Fresno. 96,
97, 76; for Sacramento, 92, 100, 95.
The reception to the grand officers and
representatives to the Grand Lodge by
Unity Lodge ln B. B. Hall last Wednes
day night was a grand affair. It was the
twenty-first anniversary of the lodge as
well as reception night. The hall was
crowded, ana after a short programme
of entertainment and an address by ex-
Grand Recorder Hlrshberg there was
dancing until a late hour.
There was also a grand reception the
same night in tho Laurel Hall of the
Shiels building to the representatives to
the Grand Lodge of the A. O. U. W. and
those to the Grand Lodge of the Degree
of Honor. Thero were a great many
present and they were treated to an exhi
bltlon drill by the team of Ivy Lodge of
Oakland, the ladies being attired ln beau
tiful robes of velvet and all wearing
mortar boards with golden tassels. Their
drill was a beautiful one, and the move- 1
An author can work over his Ideas a good
many times without particularly Impair
ing their commercial value; and so, If he
chances to confide a few fine thoughts to
an interviewer, he Imposes on himself
no necessary loss, but the case ls obvi
ously different with jokes and anecdotes.
I don't say that Mark Twain really con
siders this, though he very well might;
but, at any rate, he ls a notoriously tough
subject for the Interviewers. Yet Inter
views with Mark Twain are not of infre
quent appearance; and a very little read
ing ln them by any one who ls ln the least
expert In such matters discloses why they
are so. They are derived "much more from
Mark Twain's published writings than
from any other source. Ideas and ex
pressions of his already in print are given
a new setting by the ingenuity of the In
terviewer; and with those who do not
know better, which, of course, ls the ma
jority of the readers under whose eyes it
comes, the thing passes very well for a
genuine Interview.
They affect In England a great horror
of what they represent as "American"
disregard of the sanctities of private
life; but I : observe that English authors
as a class talk of themselves and their
, affairs for publication quite as freely as
American authors do. There are a few
I in both countries of whose personal life
| we hear next to nothing.
ments were all well executed. There were
a number of short addresses during the
evening for the purpose of setting forth
the objects of the order
NATIVE SONS.
Andrew Mocker and O. C. Pratt have
been elected delegates from Olympus
Parlor to the Grand Parlor.
Golden Gate Parlor received a visit last
Monday night from Frank L. Coombs,
grand orator, who was accompanied on
the visit by Grand Trustees Byington,
Hawkins and Keenan, also District Dep
uty Grand President Milton. The offi
cers of the parlor transacted the business
in a commendable manner, and the ritual
istic work was performed in a very ad
mirable manner, and one who came in
for special mention was the marshal
There were addresses by the visiting offi
cers and the meeting was a very inter
esting one.
Grand Orator Frank L. Coombs, ac
companied by Grand Secretary Henry
Lunstedt, D. D. G. P, William il. Milton
and Robert W. Martland and Assistant
Grand Secretary J. J. Jamison, made his
official visit to Sea Point Parlor No. 158
of Sausalito last Wednesday evening. The
grand orator delivered one of his soul
inspiring speeches, which no doubt will
bear good fruit. The other visiting
brothers talked fraternity until the good
of the order committee took charge and
piloted the visiting grand officers to a
cafe, where the inner man was well nour
ished by tamales, beans, etc.. and liquid
refreshments. Music, recitations and
speeches wound up the evening.
NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
On the night of the 20th Inst, the mem
bers of La Estrella Parlor will give a
vaudeville entertainment In the banquet
hall of the Native Sons' building. The
affair will be under the direction of
George Bush, who has arranged a fine
programme.
Calaveras Parlor, the baby of the local '
parlors, gave its first entertainment In I
the banquet hall of the Native Sons' !
building last Wednesday night. Mem- [
bcrs of the older parlors were astonished
to note the large number of ladies and
gentlemen who were present to enjoy the
hospitality of the new parlor, and the
greatest wonderment was that there was
such a largo proportion of gentlemen
That may be accounted for from the fact
that in this n*-w subordinate there is a ;
large percentage of the handsomest na. ;
the daughters of me city, and no doubt
carries out the old saying that "beauty is
bound to attract." Under the direction
of Miss Emma Muller, chairman of the
committee on socials, and Miss Martie
McFarland, the president, aided by the
members of other committees, there was
presented nn Interesting programme of I
music, songs and specialties, the contrib
utors being .1. I). Hincs. Mlsr Alta Dalla
Dr. 11. Beiberst, Miss Frank, Miss Cun- j
ningham and H. Hodges. There was also
a very interesting address by the presi
dent. The programme was followed by
a dance and the serving of lemonade and
a light collation.. This pnrlor, though
young, proposes to make its influence in
the order felt.
ROYAT, ARCANUM.
Golden Gate Council at Its last held
Fcml-monthly meeting elected the follow
ing named to Berve for the ensuing term:
FI. D. Hutt, regent; W. M. Young, vice
regent; Thomas F. Banks, orator; W. F.
Dletmler, treasurer; H. Stone, collector;
A. B. Hebgen, secretary; T. ... Kirk
patrick, chaplain; T. G. Hodgkins, guide;
John Raxe, warden. <;. K. Carlson is the
past ranger. On that occasion thf council
officially visited by Thomas Parish
of Boston, the supreme warden. There
were present Beveral members from the
Local councils and •one from New Jersey
The meeting proved an interesting on'».
This council meets on the first and third
Monday of each month in Mission Ma
sonic Hall.
At the last hfld meeting of Argonaut
i there was a large attendance of
members from local councils and from
councils in the Bast. Supreme Warden
Parish paid a visit and was received with
j a warm welcome. There were a number
cf speeches and a general good time.
1 The new council that Is being organized
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 9, 1899.
THE "MAINE"
PERSONAL
NARRATIVE OF
CAPT SIGSBEE
CAPTAIN SIGSBEE has written the
story of the Maine, arid the re
sult ls a work that cannot fall to
move the hearts of all Americans
for many years to come. It is a
book of Intense dramatic Interest,
with a tragic termination. And it
ls all true. Plain, simple English, with
out any embellishment.
In his work Captain Slgsbee fully cov
ers the last six months In the life of the
sunken battleship and shows the strange
blending of circumstances that led to the
sending of the Maine to Havana.
All this is of course of the greatest in
terest, but becomes insignificant com
pared with the description of the awful
moment when the Maine was blown to
atoms and 260 good men sent Into eter
nity.
Several stories of this part of the tragic
Incident have been written, each varying
more or less from all the others. Cap
tain Slgsbee tells It as follows and re
veals the full horror of the awful mo
ment:
"At taps ('turn ln and keep quiet'), ten
minutes after ft o'clock, I laid down my
pen to listen to the notes of the bugle.
which were singularly beautiful In the
oppressive stillness of the night. The ma
rine bugler, Newton, who was rather
given to fanciful effects, was evidently
doing his best. During his pauses the
echoes floated back to the ship with sing
ular distinctness, repeating the strains of
the bugle fully and exactly. A half hou**
later Newton was dead.
"I was Inclosing my letter in its envel
ope when the explosion came. The Im
pression made on different people on
board the Maine varied somewhat. To
me, in my position, well aft, and within
the superstructure, it was a bursting,
rending and crashing sound or roar of
Immense volume, largely metallic In
character. It was followed by a succes
sion of heavy, ominous, metallic sounds,
probably caused by the overturning ofthe
central superstructure and by falling de
bris. There was a trembling and lurch
ing motion of the vessel, a list to port
and a movement of subsidence. The
electric lights, of which there were eight
ln the cabin where I was sitting, went
out. Then there was Intense blackness
and smoke.
"The situation could not be mistaken.
The Maine was blown up and sinking.
For a moment the Instinct of self-preser
vation took charge of me, but this was
immediately dominated by the habit of
command. I went up the inclined deck
into the starboard cabin, toward the
starboard air ports, which were faintly
relieved against the background of the
sky.
! In the Western Addition by Past Regent
1 George W. Dixon promises to make a
start with a good list of members. Dr.
i R. E. Hartley has been chosen medical
j examiner. __
FRATERNAL EAGLES.
Grand Organizer Mitchell and the offi
-1 cers of San Francisco Lodge organized
: San Jose Lodge in the city of that name
i on the 26th of March with sixty-seven
j members. The visitors from San . Fran
cisco to the number of 220 were received
by the San Joseans and there was a pa-
I rade through the streets. _:£"■',_
San Francisco Lodge at its last held
meeting Initiated fifty candidates, bring
ing Its membership up to 378. It wlll Ini
! tiate forty-six to-night.
. COMPANIONS OF THE F. OF A.
Last Tuesday night the social commit
tee of the convention of 1899 gave a social
in the social hall of the Alcazar. As a so-
I cial it was a success and all who attended
enjoyed themselves to the utmost. There
were games, a flsh pond and the awarding
of a beautiful pillow to Mrs. L. Atwood,
P. G. C. C, she having drawn a lucky
number. This* convention committee has
arranged for a picnic at Plltzvllle Park
next month. ' •%' .' J^r
Robin Hood Circle at Its meeting last
Wednesday night had presented' lts finan
cial statement for the quarter 'and that
showed that despite many cases of ' sick
ness during the quarter the circle was
able to lay aside a neat sum and that It
has to its credit the sum of $850. Four ap
plications were received, and these wili be
initiated at the next meeting.
The members of Robin Hood Circle have
arranged for their farmers' party, to be
given in the social hall of the Alcazar on
next Tuesday night. The hall will be
decorated after the manner of the decora
tions in Farmville. and the lady members
will be attired as are country lasses:
Live Oak Circle last Wednesday receiv
ed two applications and will at the next
meeting have three candidates to Initiate.
The grand chief companion paid official
visits last week to Yuba Circle at Marys
vllle' and to Freedom Circle at Nevada
IN tolling his own story of the sink
ing of the Merrlmac Lieutenant Hob
son has added a most Important
chapter to the history of the late war
with Spain. -Aside from the value of
"The Sinking of the Merrlmac," ln
this respect, its chief worth is that lt
tells modestly the tale of a heroic adven
ture that equals any other In man's his
tory in its daring, its coo! courage and
Its eager assumption of the chances of
.almost certain death. Lieutenant Hob
son tells his story very directly and very
simply, without any effort at ornament,
and without any display of imagination
or sentiment, lf he possesses either of
these endowments he discreetly and most
eommendably refrained from making
them manifest. His unadorned and cir
cumstantial tale is far more effective
than any rhetoric could have made It,
and the heroic achievement of himself
and his men stands out all the more no
bly through the medium of his terse, bald
sentences. .The book is divided into four
parts. The first tells of the scheme and
the preparation and of the hundreds of
eager young men who were anxious to
undertake the journey of probable death.
The second describes the run In, the sink
ing of the boat and the capture of the
men. The supreme moment of this inci
dent is described as follows:
" * * * The steering-gear may have
been disabled thus in any one or in all of
these ways. • :*:• V*
-"It was useless. The rapid-fire and ma
chine, gun batteries on Socapa slope had
opened up at full blast, and projectiles
were exploding and clanging. For noise,
it was Niagara magnified. Soon Char
ette came running up. 'Torpedoes 2
and 3 will not fire, sir; the cells are
shattered all over the deck.' 'Very well;
lay down and underrun all the others, be
ginning at No. 4. and spring them as soon
as possible.' In a moment No. 5 went
off with a fine ring. Deignan had waited
for No. 2 and No. 3. and not hearing them
had tried his own, but had found the con
nections broken and the cells shattered.
He then went down to Clausen at No. 5.
No other torpedo responded. No. 6 and
No. 8 had suffered the same fate as Nos.
2, 3 and 4. With only two exploded tor
pedoes we should be some time sinking,
and the stern anchor would be of first
Importance. I determined to go down aft
and stand over to direct it personally,
letting go at the opportune moment."
The other two sections of the book
minutely describe the prison life of Hob
son and his men, the sights to be seen
from his prison. window and the final ex
change and return to the flagship.
J\-\ Ingenious Idea.
Bill Explains His Idea.
We're Off in a Bunch. . This Is What I Call Real Sport.
City. To-morrow night he will visit Loyal
Circle in Oakland.
FORESTERS OF AMERICA.
Court Seal Rock will give one of Its old
time socials in Its hall on the night of the
27th and Its annual picnic wlll be ln
Schuetzen Park on the 18th of June.
Court Bonlta has appointed a committee
to make arrangements for the anniver
sary banquet of the court.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF HONOR.
Aurora Lodge, has chosen William C.
Hearn as Its representative to the Grand
Lodge that is to meet In Pythian. Castle
on the 18th Inst. Mrs. Annie Thompson Is
the alternate. At* the meeting of this
lodge last Monday night there was pres
ent a goodly number of the members, and
after arranging for. the entertainment of
the delegates to the Grand Ixidge, as this
lodge has always done ln the past,
the routine business was closed and In
accordance with a resolution adopted at
the previous meeting the committee on
social entertainment, of which Mrs. L. B.
Holcomb ls the head, presented a pro
gramme of music, song, recitations and
story-telling. Among those *vho con
tributed to the evening's pleasure were:
Mrs. Fannie Igo, Mrs. Hale of Bay City
Lodge, the honorary member of Aurora,
and Dr. Cook. There were others who
contributed and there also was dancing.
This lodge will have an entertainment at
the close of each meeting. ,
Grand Protector Mrs. Wheelock Insti
tuted a lodge at Valiejo last Monday.
INDEPENDENT FORESTERS.
During the past three weeks Deputy
' Duckworth proved himself very active In
i San Mateo and Santa Clara counties, plac
ing more than forty members In the
courts of those counties. - He expects by
the end of the current month to place
sixty more.
The smoker that was given In Red
Men's Hall by Courts Alcyone, Madrone
and Friar Tuck was for the members and
a few specially Invited Foresters, among
which were E. A. Mack, D. S. C. R., the
members of the board .of . local deputy,
N Cuba "With Shafter," by John D.
Mlley, ls a clear and intelligent narra
tive of the Santiago campaign. It
shows the orders received and tells
ihow they were executed. It throws
much light on incidents of the fateful
struggle In Cuba that have perhaps
been misunderstood.
"We were ten to one at Caney and San
Juan on July 1, 1898; this is a fact in con
nection with our campaign in Cuba, at
the turning point of the war with Spain,
which our people will do well to accept,
finally, and with a sense of its impor
tance." says the author. A totally false
Impression has prevailed In regard to the
relative strength of the Spanish and
American forces engaged In the fighting
around Santiago, and the statement of
General Shafter's aid de camp on this
subject will be read .with especial Inter
est.
On pages 117 and 118 he says that the
' lntrenchments of San Juan were defended
! by two companies of Spanish infantry,
i numbering about two hundred and fifty
'. to three hundred men, and two pieces of
mountain artillery, until 11 o'clock in the
I morning; and that reinforcements, arriv
! ing at the hour mentioned. increased the
' number to about seven hundred and fifty
! men. These, it will be remembered, were
opposed to Kent's and Wheeler's divis-
I ions. The sailors and marines from Cer
i vera's fleet, one thousand in number, with
■ twenty-five hundred soldiers, were in po
sition on that day "close to the city —
' where were also the other batteries. At
' Caney the Spanish forces numbered five
; hundred and fifty men and this handful
was charged with the duty of resisting
Lawton's division, .reinforced by Bates
! independent brigade.
The author's estimate of the Spanish
strength in the engagement at Las Gua
j slmas on June 24 (page 84) may be ques
tioned, for in that case he apparently re
| lies upon the Spanish official reports:
j but In respect to the battle nf July 1 his
positive assertion Is as convincing as that
of any individual could be. And, so, too,
I In respect to that extraordinary corre
| spondence on the subject of capitulation
between General Shafter and General
Toral— ln the course of which the Ameri
can commander importuned the Spaniard,
overwhelmed him with requests to sur
render, and fairly captured him, like a re
luctant guest, with Invitations which
could not be declined— Lieutenant Colonel
Mlley Is the most competent historian.
Finally, as one of the commissioners in
charge of the preparation of the articles
of capitulation, he gives a detailed ac
count of every stage ln the negotiations
I which Immediately preceded surrender.
chief rangers. Vice Chief Ranger
Peery, Dr. Aclan Oronhyatekha, son of
the supreme chief ranger, and others of
note ln the order. G. L. Withers sired
the affair, which was ln the nature of a
combination smoker and high jinks, and
under the direction of W. R. Borllni, F.
W. Gelger and Paul Bunker of Alcyone,
O. K. Brown, W. W. Healy and J. S. Wil
liams of Madrone and H. W. Merritt. T.
B. Norton and J. O. Gantner of Friar
Tuck, there was presented a diversified
programme of song, music and story tell
ing, which was greatly enjoyed by all.
There was served up during the evening
a collation and light refreshments. Those
who contributed to the evening's enter
tainment were: Major A. A. Borllni,
John Eagan. Judge Eddie Sweeney, Judge
Frank H. Kerrigan, W. A. Rosslter. Dr.
Aclan Oronhyatekha, Vice Chief Ranger
Peery. W. R. Borllni, Messrs. Kramer,
Lawrance, Neuman, Burke and W. I.
Avery. The affair was for the purpose of
making the members of the three courts
which meet In the same" building better
acquainted with each other, and it was a
great success.
KNIGHTS OF THE MACCABEES.
San Francisco Tent at its meeting on
the last Friday In March had work in the
initiatory degree, and It was done with
that perfection which the team of this
tent is justly proud of. The members of
the tent took steps at that meeting to set
its "rustlers" and "hustlers" at work to
secure new members. There were present
several visitors from Golden West Tent,
and under good of the order several ad
dresses were made.
LADIES OF THE MACCABEES.
San Francisco Hive at its last meeting
in March divided into two sections, one to
be known as Company A and the other as
Company B, the former officered by Lady
Wastler as captain and Lady Leroi as
lieutenant, and the latter by Lady Heiss
as captain and Lady Hllmer as lieutenant
The two companies will work to secure
members, and the one that has brought
in the greatest number within a stated
period will be declared the winner and
Jtf*®. ______$_ pay; for a dinner for
Palmistry: Read Your Hand
SO many thousand impressions of
palms have been forwarded to this
department for reading that it has
been decided not to receive any
more until those on hand are an
swered. This is done in justice to
the palmist and to those who might for
ward impressions and be obliged to wait
a long time before a careful reading
could be made in this column.
« * y. »
MISS CAMILLE M— A delicately organ
ized, dainty, refined individual, mnch art
istic feeling and good taste. You lack
concentration, and have too many Inter
ests. You must apply yourself more fully
to one talent. Be careful not to strain
your nerves.
MR. C. G. F. P.— An easy going, phleg
matic temperament. A good deal of ag
Leader of the band — Smith, I want you to play cornet to-night.
Smith — I wouldn't go out in this storm tor $1000.
Leader — But I'll pay you $5 cash.
Smith— Oh, that's different.
1 Jhe Successful Man of Business. I
By Benjamin Wand.
IN these days of keen commercial
competition it is necessary to suc
cess that a man have a full com- j
prehension of the word "business."
In order to supply this Information
Benjamin Wood has just Issued a
book entitled "The Successful Man of
Business" that is a most valuable addi
tion to literature of this class and a
most unique work in more ways than
one.
The average writer who essays to point
out the way to business success fills his
book with more descriptions of the rou
tine of banking and commercial detail.
He tells how to keep books and how to
handle all sorts of financial papers, and
Imparts a little legal knowledge. And
then he stops, as also does the young j
business man who attempts success on j
the lines laid down.
Business success means something
more than economy and a knowledge of
figures.
'..'What does It mean?" thousands of
young men are asking every day, and
Benjamin Wood in his book has answered
them.
The author has made a study of men
who have made a success of business. He
has gone into their inner lives ' and
sought out those qualities that have led
to supremacy. He has studied the MAN
and not the way the man kept his books
or paid his employes.
And this Information is laid before the j
young business men of the country in a
comprehensive and readable manner. The
little book is most interesting from be
ginning to end, and every page contains
valuable information.
In his preface the author* says: "The
compilation of this work was suggested
through reading the following remark of |
Ulysses S. Grant: 'I would have prized i
the reputation of a shrewd business man
higher than that of a great soldier.' "
This led to Mr. Wood's studies of the j
*<$,* ,* * -*.:■■->* <•>■• <$>*<">*<*>*<*>
both companies. Lady Mary E. Salmond
will be the referee.
■ Mission Hive of the Ladles of the Mac
cabees has Installed the following oflicers \
for the current term: Mrs. Ella Jacobs, j
past lady commander; Henrietta Stone, .
lady commander: Adelaide Rehn, lieuten
ant , commander; Nellie Rader, record !
keeper; Sarah E. Hedges, finance keeper; ;
Margaret Gibson, chaplain; Minnie Pur- :
rlngton. sergeant: Dr. Morrison, physi
cian: Mattie Phiffer, mistress at arms;
Amelia Schule. sentinel; Sarah J. Phil
lips, picket; Emma Burt. Sarah Burt and
Lena Manning, banner bearers.
During the evening, after the Installa
tion Lady Commander Stone on behalf
of the hive presented to Past Lady Com
mander Jacobs a beautiful silver tray in
recognition of her valuable services to the
hive during her term of office. The past
officer made a neat speech in reply. The
lady commander also presented Lady Lois
Bacon, the retiring record keeper, a hand
painted rose plaque in appreciation of her
services. The hive is in a prosperous con
dition and the greatest of harmony pre
vails.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
At the session of Golden Gate Camp last
Monday night there were eight initiations,
those who entered the mysteries of the
order being Lieutenant Commander
Thomas A. Nearny of the Naval Mllltla,
James J. Ward, J. Shaw, William Haskell,
George H. Courtney, James F. McKenna,
S. J. Cook and W. T. Colbert. The camp
decided to have a drill team for the pur
pose of giving the work of Initiation ln
the amplified form, and for the purpose of
selecting such a team F. E. Trimble and
Dr. T. P. Ashworth were appointed a
committee to determine the qualifications
of those who could do the work in the
most satisfactory manner. The camp is
making good progress In the matter of
the. Woodmen's excursion to be given at
Sunset Park on the 11th of next June.
Next Monday night the members of Gold
en Gate Camp will be treated to another
of those delightful entertainments which
the social committee gets up to make
meetings more than business. All mem
bers of the order will be welcome.
SONS OF EXEMPTS.
The Sons of Exempt Firemen will after
the business meeting to-morrow night
have a smoker and jinks, when the com
mittee on entertainment will present a
good programme of selected numbers.
'his young organization, which has for
its purpose the keeping alive the work of
their sires in the early days of San Fran
cisco, is growing, and bids fair to become
one of the strong societies of the city.
THE CHOSEN FRIENDS.
On the evening of Friday, the 2ith of
March, Golden Gate Council No. 60 of the
Order of Chosen Friends gave Its first of
a series of open meetings In the social hall
of the Foresters' building, to be held on
the last Friday of each month. Consid
ering the condition of the weather and
the fact that it was the first meeting of
the character, there was a good attend
ance, and there was a pleasing oro-
L-ffL 6™™ B. of numbers presented between
gresslveness which would not endure
very much opposition. A journey in ins
ne * a i r ß| Ut c r s. £ n §>.-T£s a hand of the
mo's? intense feelinp. *°» £*%?s,£
the opposite sex, jealous of those you love
inclined to be stable and worry over
trifles. There are many affairs in i you?
reentered. One caused troubled
Hfe especfilb- tbat has caused trouble »
annoyance. Many Important changes
within L 6 next" three years a hand that
his experienced U many , disappointments
Tack of money has been oue of your
dealest ffl^All the moves iand changes
of your life have been sudden. You win
have better success between 40 and *•>. -
W. J. 8.. Sunol-You are broad-mlndea
and Jealous to a fault. You are decisive
Continued on Pag* Thirty-two.
Business Vs. Jalk
business man. His experience and ob
servation showed that the successful man
of business is endowed with a well-bal
anced mind coupled with hope, ambition,
courage and confidence.
Unless the aspiring business man have
all of these success is doubtful. He must
have courage to bravely face the ups and
downs of life and not lose heart when
difficulties are on all sides. He must
have confidence ln his own ability to sur
mount all difficulties.
"Study the methods of the successful"
Is a piece of advice on which too much
stress cannot be laid. The man who suc
ceeds is the wise man, and there are rea
sons for it. Do as he does. The man who
fails does so either through his own In
competency or foolishness. Do not do as
he does. Pay no attention to the man
who flounders ln the pool of business and
thinks he knows it all. If he knew how
to succeed he would succeed.
The author lays particular stress upon
the statement that "luck never creates
wealth," and he brings forward very
good reasons to uphold his statement.
The principal of these Is that success de
pends on activity and foresight. Chances
of wealth exist at all times, and if a man
would succeed he must be ever on the
alert to take advantage of them. Then
he must have courage and hope.
Each of the different phases of a suc
cessful business man's life is handled
under separate heads. In this the au
thor covers "Hope." "Business Founda
tion," "The Fireside," "Intemperance,"
"Play Your Part Unaided.' r "Solid
Facts," "Employes," "Advertising" and
"Self-made Men."
Just what qualities of mind and body
are required in these are carefully con
sidered. The many difficulties that may
come to a young man are mentioned, and
he is then told now to overcome them by
his own force of character.
Mr. Wood takes the ground that very
much of the success or fajlure of an in
dividual depends upon himself. Every
man has his fortune in his own hands,
and If he will only realize that what Is
worth doing at all Is worth doing well.
and that small things frequently produce
great results, he is almost sure to suc
ceed.
To all men ambitious for success the
book, is well worth reading.
j
-1
•>*-s>*<s>*<«>*^^^*^*<->*<s.*<»*4'*f<s>#^#^^o
dances under the direction of the commit
tee, of which John Rothenberg was chair
man. There were recitations by Mrs. A
J. Budd. Mr. Boyce and Miss Frances
Buckland, vocal selections by Mr. Gal
lagher and* Mrs. Beers and a piano re
cital by Professor Slchel. The grand
councilor, grand recorder and a number
of other grand officers were present.
At a meeting of the Progressive Coun
cils Mrs. N. Davidson was chosen as
chairwoman of the reception committee
for the reception, entertainment and ball
to be tendered on the 11th of April to tha
grand officers and representatives to the
Grand Council in Odd Fellows' Hall
James Jordan was chosen floor manager
Nevada City Council will initiate ten
candidates at its next meeting. Angel
Council at Angels wlll initiate three at
Its next meeting, San Bernardino Council
received two applications at Its last held
meeting, Sacramento Council of Sacra
mento and America Council of this city
each initiated three candidates last week'
A number of the Interior councils are
making arrangements for the observance
of the order's anniversary in May.
THE AMERICAN GUILD.
San Francisco Chapter held Its first
meeting last Wednesday night in its new
quarters in the Red Men's building, and
there was a good attendance. There wa***
some encouraging talk on the subject of
expanding the work of the guild in this
State. A committee was appointed to
draw up resolutions of respect to th«
memory of the late J. H. Barley, a mem
ber, who was accidentally killed at the
railroad yards ln this city a short time
sine©.
WOMEN OF WOODCRAFT
Redwood Circle No. 72 of the Women of
Woodcraft has arranged through Its en
tertainment committee for an entertain
Jtfn^f'VL'3^? to be .given in Shasta
Hall of the Native Sons' building on tha
evening of Wednesday, . the 19th inst
There will not be any admission fee and
the circle will on that night, by dispen
sation from the grand guardian, admit
applicants at a reduced rate. ttU«"ii
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST
Sherwood Circle had arranged for a
Mikado social to be -given in Foresters'
inst. °" night ° Thursda the 6th
Loyal Circle w, m, give a party designated
as a Manila social on the 15th inst.
Kv. A 1 irei e r> of Vailejo mourns the loss
Williams lef Companion .Celia
SEVEN PINES CIRCLE.
On the last Monday in March Seven
Pmes Circle, Ladies of the G. A.
P.. had ,an entertainment and dance
In Its hall In Nativ.*- Sons' build
ing, at which almost the entire
membership and a great many friends
were present. After an overture there
was presented under the direction of Miss
Kitty Kennedy, a yOung lady noted for
her beauty and vivacity, a programme
of entertainment that was exceedingly
pleasing -to-all. The features of this waro
vocal selections by the Golden Gate
Quartet, a duet by the Misses Kavanaigh
and a vocal solo by Orine Richards. Then
there was dancing until a late hour and
light refreshments were served. - -^_AN OVERDOSE OF COMIC OPERA
What the .New York Critics Say Jlbout .Hubert Davies' Play
By Asbt^O Stevens.
STILL comic opera! It seems al
ways our fate to have the good
things strike us in bunches. Here
arc three shows of a kind pitted
one against the other _in three
principal theaters. It is an embar
rassment of riches. A town twice as
lug as this one could not do them all
justice. Comic opera is an excellent
diversion; it freshes the ear, brightens
the eye and soothes the system. Who
doesn't enjoy an occasional dose of
comic opera? It acts on me as patent
medicine does on other persons. After
a lively night of melodized nonsense I
feel like sitting down, and writing to
the manager how much better I am
since taking three acts of his rightly
famous mixture. A good comic opera
show is one of the most nourishing,
tonlcky things in life. But there is
such a thing as too much of it. When
1 attended "The Black Hussar Open
ing" at the Grand Saturday night all
the world seemed glad and grinning. It
was as the spring time in the theater.
On Monday night I was among those
present at the opening of the Tivoll's
"Beautiful Goldenlocks," and the grin
and the gladness were somewhat less.
And the next night found me at the
Columbia with the Boston Jans in "The
Serenade," and I began to long for
something with tears and daggers and
tragedy it in. Honorable jokes and
treasured tunes fell on surfeited ears.
I would have given real money to have
seen a play that included a blue serge
villain and a black alpaca heroine and
a live infant and a homespun hero with
lungs and heart as big as all out doors.
In the theater as in life, it is the serious
things that make the other kind de
sirable. And nothing can be less seri
ous than comic opera even Italian
grand opera. "The Serenade" was a
better performance — it is a better piece
— than "The Black Hussar," and I was
conscious of the fact; but my system
shrieked for some other sort of enter
tainment. Now when the paid first
nighter's system goes back on him, how
must it fare with the others? Read the
answer in the theatrical receipts of the
week. The Columbia has done well,
without doing the regular Bostonian
business; the Tivoli not quite so well;
the Grand Opera-house not well at all.
There has been more comic opera than
the town could comfortably take
care of.
• * •
This overload of comic opera is par
ticularly unfortunate in the case of the
Grand Opera-house. Mr. Morosco has
had to fight against not only a more, or
less out-of-the-way location and a
schedule of prices to which the people
are not cheerfully disposed, but against
two strong productions of similar char
acter in well-established playhouses.
The Southwell Company is a good one;
its presentation of "The Black Hussar"
was extremely creditable and appar
ently it pleased all who witnessed it:
the season deserves success. But fat
and prices seem to have conspired
against the opening week, on which sl
much depended. I write plainly be
cause Mr. Morosco has evidenced a dis
position to receive kindly the honest
and well-intended comments of this
paper. To be sure he has not put the
house on a 50-cent scale, as was sug
gested in last Sunday's Call, but he has
made the $1 seats fewer by reducing
the entire dress circle to 50 cents and
many of the downstairs seats to 7."
and 50 cents. This cut would not have
been made merely to please one news
paper or even all the newspapers oi
San Francisco. The people did not
rush passionately Moroscowards with
large dollars in their hands and it was
made in the legitimate Interests of
business. But it was not, in my opt
ion, sweeping enough. That dollar sign,
even if it applied to only a hundred
seats in the entire auditorium, would
still keep many people away from Mis
sion street. It is not a question of a
touring company of known reputation
in an engagement of two or three I
weeks, but of a fifteen weeks' season j
by a company that, no matter how ex
cellent we find it. came here practically
unknown. The same company sang t<
three years' prosperity in Philadelphia
at 50 cents. There is no reason why it
should not do as well here at the same
prices. The actual value of the enter
tainment offered does not come to ques
tion. li is not a matter of what c
Southwell show is worth, but what th*
people of San Francisco will pay for it
And in the arithmetic of the theatrical
business a full house at 50 cents i.-*
much better than half, a house at a
dollar. For, as you know, the crowd
follows the crowd.
» * •
iking of prices, we will soon have
a chance to observe their effect in th*
concert business. Saver, the pianist.
gives two matinees in the Grand Opera
House, on the Huh and 21st inst.. with
the best seats selling for $3. Rosenthal
pives as many matinees the week fol
lowing in the same place with the same
seats selling for $1 50. Will the crowd
turn out at three per for Saver. or wait
for the rush for marked-down Rosen
thal?
» » *
I am in receipt of a telegram from
our New York correspondent giving the
verdict (or verdicts) of the metropoli
tan critics on the play by Hubert
Henry Davies of this city, which was
produced in the Empire Theater last
Thursday afternoon by the students of
the American Academy of Dramatic
Arts. Mr. Davies you will remember
for several years of sharp, informed
musical and dramatic criticism in the
columns of the News Letter, and for a
short pantomime played In the Baldwin
last season by Pilar Morin. He is a
gilt-haired comely young fellow of per
haps 27, an Englishman by birth, an
American by contagion; and he has not
only the cleverness but the energy that
accomplishes things. That this play.
"The Weldons," has not turned out to
be a world-beating winner will not
phase him in the least. He has more
arid I'll wager better ones where this
came from. Anyway he has been in
troduced to the New York theatrical
world by Daniel Frohman. and has re
ceived the serious attention of several
of the big critics. Also he has experi
enced the joy of being brought blush
ing to the footlights on the occasion of
his maiden premiere.
This is what Mr. Fyles says about
"The Weldons" in the Sun: "The au
thor offered no general variant from
what others had written on the same
theme. The wife was on the point of
< loping at midnight in her husband's
absence, but his unexpected return
* *•
stopped her flight, and bis klndhearted ]
forgiveness induced her to give up the
project. The new incidents did not |
freshen the old subject much. There j
was not enough of singularity in the j
traits or purposes of the three individ
uals to arouse serious interest. But
Mr. Davies' facetious writing for some
subsidiary roles was clever and more
original."
"The Weldons," writes Mr. Dithmar
in the Times, "is full of promise, and
though it is lacking in certain quali
ties supposed to be essential to popular
success, yet it is superior to some plays
recently Been here in both invention
and construction."
The Herald mentions the author's
curtain call and says: "The play
proved to be a well written, well con
structed society drama, its theme be
ing the estrangement and. subsequent
reconciliation of husband and wife."
In the Evening Post Mr. Towse
writes: "The new four-act social
drama by Hubert Henry Davies proved
.to be a promising work, albeit bearing
many marks of inexperience. The dia
logue was of fair quality and one or
two of the situations decidedly ef
fective.
C*rar\d Opera JHouse
To-morrow evening the Southwell Opera
Company will present Johann Strauss'
pretty comic opera. "The Queen's Lace
Handkerchief," which has not been per
formed here in a long time. It is one of
the most popular works of the famous
composer and ls full of bright and catchy
lyrics. It will have an elaborate mount
ing, and the following will be the cast:
King, Hattie Belle l.add. Queen Daisy
Thome and Eleanor Giusti alternating;
Donna Irene, Edith Mason; Marchioness
de Yillereal. Bertha and Mfro Dalamotta
alternating; Don Sancho. Arthur Wooley;
Minister of War. Winifred Groff; Minister
of Finance, Nace Boneville; Minister of
Interior, A. E. Arnold; Antonio, Stanley
I'ther; Dancing Master. Signer Benedict;
Master of Ceremonies. Margaret Tudor.
Jhe Gol_mb : "v
The engagement of the favorites, the
Bostonians, la rapidly coining to a close
at the Columbia Theater. The third and
final production of the season is to be
that ever popular composition, "Robin
Hood," which will be stuped for a week
beginning to-morrow night. Monday's
performance of the De Koven and Smith
opera will Ik one of note, as it will mark
the three thousandth rendition of the
work, a really remarkable record and
one that has never been equaled by any
other composition in this country. "Robin
Hood" seems to have a popularity that
is perennial and local theater-got have
attested their liking for the opera by
making: such demands upon the ticket of
fice or the theater as to almost deplete
■the box sheet, It is doubtful if a comic
opera will be written which will prove a
comer-tent successor to this amusing and
tuneful emanation from the pens of De
Koven and Smith. The Bostonians will
stage "Robin Hood" In the same effective
manner as has marked Its presentation
during the past ten years, In- the east
will be H. C. Barnabee as the Sheriff of
Nottingham, W. H. Macdonald as Llt
tlejohn. Jessie Bartlett Davis as Alan
a-Dale. Helen Bertram as Maid Marian,
William La yin as Robin Hood, William
Broderick as Will Scarlet, George Froth
ingham as Friar Tuck, W. H. Fitzgerald
as" Guy of Oisbourne, Josephine Bartlett
as Damp burden and Carolyn Daniels as
Annabel. . .'. ' s •■' * -
Roland Reed in his latest comedy suc
cess. "The Wrong Mr. Wright," will fol
low the Bostonians at the Columbia The
iter on the 24th inst. Isidore Rush is hi?
leading woman.
Jhe California.
The California Theater will be re
opened once again on the night of Mon
day, the 17th inst., by Johnny and Emma
Ray in a fun piece railed "A Hot Old
Time." The engagement is for two
weeks. -The Rays are said to have made
a big hit in this piece, and to have a
competent company of singers and spe
cialists. ;■•
The /\lcaza..
When ''Humbug" was given in the Al
cazar last December' It quite taxed the
capacity of that cozy theater and many
will doubtless welcome its revival to
morrow night. The plot deals with the
son of a cobbler and the daughter of a
butcher who marry, each pretending to
be a child of noble blood. Many and hu
morous are the situations that arise out
of the appearance of the good but lowly
parents. Mr. Hastings will be the social
struck son of a cobbler and Miss Fltzalleri
the daughter of the pork merchant.
After the revival of "Humbug" the Al
cazar wlll stage a farce by the unusual
(and one, too, not prophetic) title of "A
Bad Lot." ,
The Belasco-Thall Company has just
closed a big week's business at Fresno
and will open in Hanford Monday even-
Howard Scott has fully recovered from
his recent Illness and will playbills week
In "Humbug."
Lewis Morrison's representative Is mak
ing active preparations for his opening
at the Alcazar next month. The Morri
son season will last three months.
Jhe TiVoli.
The Tivoli has added to its long list of
successes in the extravaganza line an
other triumph in George E. Lask's spec
tacular operatic fantasle, "Beautiful
Goldenlocks." The scenery, . costumes,
properties, accessories and light effects
are the most brilliant, tasty ard dazzling
that have been seen in this city since the
<toys of David Henderson's productions at
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 9, 1899.
the Grand Opera House. Every one in
the cast has worked hard to make the
piece a go, and since the opening night
it has been whipped- Into better and more
enjoyable form by quickening the ac
tion and cutting out much waste mate
rial. "The Little Trooper," Delia Fox's
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
NO PERFORMANCE TO-NIGHT. '
...BEGINNING TO-MORROW.,.
Last production of the season.
BQSJONLAMS
Presenting the ever-popular
ffOBIDI HOOD
April 17-LAST WEEK BOSTONIANS. .
MONDAY, APRIL 24,
ROLAND REED,
Accompanied by ISADORE RUSH, will pre-
sent George H. Broadhurst's brilliant comedy,
"The Wrong Mr. Wright'
Summer Is Coming— So fs
..."A HOT OLD TIME"...
CALIFORNIA THEATER. April 17.
CHUTES AND ZOO
JOE, SALLY AND CONGO
In the FREE THEATER every Afternoon and
Evening, Except Amateur Night,
OLA HAYDEN
The Phenomenal Girl Barytone, Direct From
the Orpheum.
PROFESSOR MARTIN'S DOG CIRCUS.
ASCOTT and EDDY, Grotesque Acrobat:-.
WAY and MAITLAND, Comedy Sketch Artists.
NEW MOVING PICTURES. .
See LUNETTE, the "Maid of the Air." and
Visit the LONDON MAZE.
Reserve Seats by Phone Steiner 1861.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now open every Sunday during the season.
Music, Dancing, Bowling, Boating, Fishing
and other amusements.
Refreshments at city prices. Fare, round
trip. 25c; Children, 15c; Including admission
to grounds.
THE STEAMER UKIAH
Will leave Tlburon Ferry at 10:30 a. m., 12:10,
2 and 4 p. m. Returning, leave El Campo at \
11:15 a. m., l, 3 and 5 p. m. .. >
comedy opera that was given by her in
the Baldwin several seasons ago, will fol
low "Beautiful Goldenlocks."
Jhe UrpKeurr.
The Orpheum' bill for this week will
be a continuation of the combined Hop
kins Transoceanic stars and the big
Orpheum features, the wno.e augmented
by two new acts. Several of the. hold
ever- will apnear in new material, notably
Marshall P. Wilder. Kara and Josephine
Gassman. The new acts are Lillian Burk
hart and her clever company and Mile.
nam Lardinols. The former is pleasantly
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
2— Afternoon Recitals -— 2
SAUER
WEDNESDAY - - - - April 19th
FRIDAY ----- ApPil 21st
• AT 2:15- —
PRICES FROM $1 TO $3
KNABE PIANO USED.
The sale of seats . will begin at Kohler 4
Chase's and the Opera House Box Office Sat-
urday morning, April 15.
...OLYMPIAN
Eddy St.. Cor. Mason.
ONLY FREE THEATER ON THE PACIFIC
COAST PLAYING HIGH-CLASS EAST-
ERN ARTISTS. .
RETURN FOR ONE WEEK ONLY OF
Sherman & Morrisey
Celebrated Knockabout Comedians.
The Queen of Coon Singers,
QUERITA VINCENT
Tl-e Hit of the Season in All New Songs and
Dances.
SIC. ANTONIO VAKCAS
Famous Barytone.
MARIE WOOD, CARLTON AND BOYCE AND
TEN BIG ACTS. . •
' MATINEE SUNDAY. ADMISSION FREE.
remembered from her successful engage
ment of one year ago. This time she
opens In her latest comedy hit, "The Lady
of the Rowan Tree," a Hallowe'en idyl
by Grant Stewart, and for which Miss
Burkhart carries he/* own special scenery
and special music. Miss Burkhart will
put on a new comedy each week of her
stay at the Orpheum. Mile. Lardinois
is a chanteuse from the Folies Bergeres,
Paris, and is credited with doing the neat
est turn in her line since the days of
Anna Held. Her work is all of Parisian
music hall order, but, so it is said, clean
and artistic. Her costuming is said to be
something superb. Others on the bill are
the Hengler Sisters, Pantzer Brothers and
Polk and Rollins.
The Ghutes.
At the Chutes Free. Theater next week
an unusually good bill will be offered.
Ola Hayden, than whom no lady now on
the vaudeville stage has a better bary
tone voice, will more than renew her Or
pheum success. Martin's educated dogs,
who do everything but talk,. will be new,
as will also May and Maitland, comedy
sketch artists. Joe Storms Jr., orang
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE- SCgttfi
Morosco Amusement Co. (Inc.) Lessee.
SUCCKSS ASSURED FROM THE OPENING
Superb bright; effective In all our productions.
AN EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTION.
Last night of the BLACK HUSSAR.
2ND WEEK BEGINS MONDAY, APRIL 10.
With a glorious production of Strauss' waltz
opera, The
QUEEN'S LACE H ANDKEKCHIEF,
Cast with the full strength of the
SOUTHWELL OPERA *.O!W>ANY
And the greatest singing chorus in America,
A >" production at these popular prices:
Orchestra 50c, 75c ahd $1
Dress Circle (reserved) 60c
Family Circle -(reserved) 25c
Gallery 15c
Only matinee Saturday, 25c, 50c, 75c, noth-
ing higher.
Week of April 17— Francis Wilson's version
of Jakobowskl'B opera, "ERMINIE," with
every member in the cast.
SEATS NOW SELLING.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling.. Proprietor & Manager
—THIS EVENING AT B.—
THE BIG SHOW.
OUR EASTER EXTRAVAGANZA,
BEAUTIFUL
GOLDEN LOCKS
MIRTH and MAGIC— and FROLIC.
MERRY DANCERS
SEE THE CRYSTAL STAIRCASE.
A DELIGHT FOR .YOUNG AND OLD.
MATIN EVERY SATURDAY AT 2. ,
POPULAR PRICES, 25c and SOc. *
: Our Telephone Bush 9."-"'
ROSENTHAL,
The World's Greatest Pianist.
HIS TWO FAREWELL RECITALS
AT THE GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Tuesday and Wednesday afternoons, April 25
and 26.
POPULAR PROGRAMMES.
POPULAR PRICES.
• : - '■ ::.yy -J.-. ■■ .*-
-50 c, 75c, $100 and $1.50.
outang, Sally, chimpanzee, and Congo,
gorilla man, will continue to entertain.
Th-*. Olympia.
The Olympia has a new bill for this
week, at the head of which are Sherman
and Morrisey, the knock-about come
dians, who play a limited return engage
ment. The Four Miltons, who have
scored quite a hit with their musical spe
cialties, remain, and Querita Vincent has
a whole string of new songs
Max Steinle's Benefit.
Max Steinle will be given a benefit by
the professional friends a week from this
Tuesday evening in the Sherman & Clay
Hall. Among the prospective participants
are: Pietro Marino, Polly Tupper, Jack
Cathcart, George Ryan, Charles Parent,
Bert Van Cieve, the Waterman sisters,
Maurice Cramer and Harry Braham.
THE OUTER WORLD
Comment and J-JeWs of Distant
piavjs and f layers.
Miss Blanche Bates, who has made two
striking hits in such quick succession, is
confronted with a danger which is the
natural penalty of success under our pres
ent system, writes the critic of the New
York Commercial Advertiser. Both these
parts, the one In "The Great Ruby" and
Miladi in "The Musketeers." were villain
esses, and now every manager who seeks
to engage Miss Bates will wish her for
"heavies." To do one kind of thing well
is to be threatened with eternal limita
tion to that sing!.- line. For an actor who
takes his life seriously as an art, with
an ambition to make the best of lt. there
can be nothing more disheartening than
to be' held forever to one note. Fortu
nately for Miss Bates, she is not without
will to give practical efficiency 'to her tal
ent., and will probably get what she
wants.
Charles Dalton, the Marcus Superbus
cf "The Sign of the Cross." will star next
season under the direction of an Ameri
can theatrical man. .
It is said Clement Scott uses the cud
gels with unsparing hand in his new
book, "The Drama of Yesterday and To
day," which is shortly to be published.
William Archer', who arrived in New
York recently from London, is considered
by many the ablest English critic of the
present generation. The fact that he will
cross the ocean twice and deprive Lon
don theatricals of two months of his time
for the sake of turning his glasses on
our little amusement enorts may be re
garded a pleasing sign of the times. Mr.
Archer, when seen at the Waldorf-As
toria shortlj atter his arrival by a re
porter for the World, said a number of
complimentary things about the American
actors, actresses, playwrights and mana
gers who have recently found a place for
themselves on the London horizon. In his
cursory talk, however, he made no in
vidious comparisons, and limited his ex
pression of personal opinion to pleasant
words for everybody and everything. This
was wise as well as mannerly. When he
is prepared to make comparisons:- and
draw conclusions he will not be at loss to
gain all the attention he desires, both in
England and America. He has been sent
Here especially by the Pall Mali Maga
zine, and it Is only fitting that its readers
should be given the first opportunity of
considering his thoughts and impressions.
Mr. Archer lias long been an admirer
of Ibsen and an energetic advocate of his
plays. lb- recently paid Ibsen a visit in
( hristiania and brought back with him a
piece of information that seems typical of
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
to'-n'i_'ht TH *=■ L-HAnl I V
SUNDAY.. '"* BALL
TO-MORROW NIGHT
THE ALWAYS WELCOME
ROLAND REED'S...
Excruciatingly Funny Farce,
HUMBUG!
April 17 A BAD LOT
THE STEEPLECHASE,
CENTRAL PARK,
Market and Eighth Streets.
SENSATIONAL ATTRACTION FOR A LIM-
-y '-■;: ITED PERIOD. >• y
Special Engagement of
CAPTAIN ADOLPH FREITSCH
And His 30-FOOT BOAT,
' In Which He Will Make a
VOYAGE AROUND THE WORLD.
The full-rigged ship open to inspection after-
noon and evening, when the daring navigator
■will explain Its working.
No Extra Charge for This Great Novelty.
10 CENTS Admission, including "The Gravity
Horses," "Moving Stairs." Etc.
Open Dally From Noon to Midnight.
GLEN PARK!
TO-I>Y- SUNDAY
All San Mateo' electric cars run direct to park
entrance.
HIGH-CLASS
VAUDEVILLE BILL
COMEDY SKETCHES. GYMNASTICS,
MUSICAL NUMBER"*, Ltc.
tivoli. concert
I HEATER 111 e a i an nni ,
orchestra Selections.
Admission lOo— Take Valencia, Mission or
Sutter street cars and transfer to San Mateo
electric line.
Glen Park open week days from 10 a, m.
Admission wet- days, &»■- . _
the erratic giant. Ibsen has been at work
for some time on a new drama, which is
now nearing completion and will be pro
duced in October or November. Instead
of blazoning the fact abroad .through
press agents and the accommodating
newspapers, as some of his English,
French and American cousins are in the
habit of doing under similar circum
stances he has kept his mouth shut, even
in the bosom of his family. His own wife
is still in complete ignorance as to the
subject of his forthcoming work.
Brander Matthews and Bronson Howard
are reported to be in collaboration on a
play to be used during next season by
William H. Crane, and in which the
tamed Peter Stuyvesant, one of the
Dutch Governors of New Amsterdam, will
be the central character.
Sarcey makes the following points about
"Othello," which he has seen at the
Francais:
"The first act is a marvel of exposi
tion. There is nothing equal to it in our
classic tragedy. * » •
"The second act is very empty. * * •
It is all spectacle. Nothing happens, or
almost nothing. The episodes with which
Shakespeare has filled it are confused
and uninteresting. * * •
"Happily, the third act is one of the
most beautiful things in any drama, one
of the most affecting and most finished.
* * »
"In the fourth act there are episodic
scenes which complicate the action and
are uninteresting. * * • The subject It
self is too uniform Ana too unhappy. We
end by disliking Othello for being too
credulous."
The fifth act he approves of. Of course,
his criticism, as usual, throws more light
on the French audience than on the for
eign poet.
Richard Le Galienne is rewriting his ec
centric story, "The Quest of the Golden
Girl," as a musical play. Mr. Piggott is
aiding him in the dramatization and Mrs.
Llewellyn is to compose the music.
That Sardou, in spite of his unwilling
ness to submit to miscellaneous public
ity, is not averse to protecting "himself
was shown in his trouble with Paul
Potter over "The Conquerors," and is now
recalled in connection with Sarah Bern
hardt'* revival of "La Tosca." When this
drama was first performed in 1887 Its suc
cess was injured by a morning paper,
the Gil Bias, having previously given
a full description of the piece, lessening
the effect of certain scenes. M. Sardou
immediately sued the paper, and gained
hie case a year later. In summing up
its decision the Premiere Chambre dv
Tribunal affirmed that no paper had the
right to divulge the narrative of a play
previous to its first performance, since
such a proceeding constituted a real
damage to the author.
"The Cipher In the Plays and on the
Tombstone" is the title of Ignatius Don
nelly's book now in press. He will pub
lish about three months later another
book, "The Cipher in the Ben Jonson
Plays." to show that the Jonson plays
were also written by Bacon. He is so
confident of success that he will print
the books at his own expense and retain
the copyright, both in America and In
England.
The annual Shakespearean festival at
Stratford-on-Avon will last two weeks,
beginning April 17. "King Henry VI,"
part 2, will be the special revival of the
occasion, but more Interesting to Shake
spearean scholars will be the perform
ance of "Hamlet" in Its entirety, accord
ing to the quarto edition of 1604. This
means a play of five acts and twenty
scenes, and it will take an entire day, a
matinee performance closing with the
play scene in the third act, with the re
mainder in the evening, and Introducing
characters and scenes unfamiliar to the
footlights. "Hamlet," unabridged, is
Shakespeare's longest play, and runs to
3930 lines.
<*> The Sunday Call, 32 ♦
* pages, delivjred at your *
home by mail for $1 50
<$> a year. Subscribe for it. <>
<*> <&
<-*><£<&<£<s<§><*> < 3><3> < $'<$> , s<s>''> < *> < £ < * < > < >
AMUSEMENTS.
<Msm*
MATINEE TO-DAY (Sunday), April 9.
Parquet, any seat, Sic; Balcony, 10c; Children,
10c, Any Part of House.
Wesk Commencing Sunday, April 9th.
Overwhelming Success of the
COMBINED
Hopkins' Trans-
Oceanics
AND
Orpheum Shows!
NEW
STAR ATTRACTIONS!
The Charming and Clever Comedienne,
Miss LILLIAN BURKHART
And Her Own Company, in Grant Stewart'*
Fairy Play,
"THE LADY OF THE ROWAN TREE."
* The Parisian Star,
Mile. CLARA LARDINOIS
Chanteuse Lyric.
THE TWO GREAT STARS,
MARSHALL P. WILDER
Prince of Entertainers, *
KARA, "THE GREAT,"
The King of Jugglers.
HEN6LER SISTERS,
Dancing Soubrettes.
JOSEPHINE GASSMAN,
And Her "Black Cherubs," in New Songs and
Dances.
POLK and ROLLINS,
• Banjo Experts.
PANTZER BROS.,
Head-to-Head Balancers.
MATINEES WEDNESDAY. SATURDAY AND
SUNDAY.
j__ '
UNION COURSING PARK.
TO-DAY, SUNDAY, APRIL 9th.
ALL RECORDS BROKEN.
OPEN AND EXTRA STAKES
- 112 NOMINATIONS.
$952.50-PRIZE MONEY-$952.50
TRAIN SERVICE-
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets
Saturday. 12:55 p. m.; Sunday, 11 a. m., 12 m.
and 1 p. m.. Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets
flve minutes later. Returning from park im-
mediately after last course. Extra train from
park on Sunday at 4:45 p. m. San Mateo elec-
tric cars every ten minutes.
L ADMISSION, 20 CENTS. LA Lit; a £R£B. i
2930
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
C'.fl>p fairly active.
Silver a fraction weaker.
Wheat about the same.
Barley dull.
More demand for Oats.
Corn and Rye unchanged.
Hay In bad shape. Straw lower.
Beans and Seeds unchanged.
Potatoes weak. Onions In from Australia-
Vegetables about the same.
Butter and Cheese unchanged.
Another advance In Eggs.
Poultry* scarce and firm.
Game coming in lied.
Cherries appeared from Vacaville.
Apples 111.
Another rise In Tallow.
No change In Meats.
Bank clearings continue to Increase.
COINAGE OF THE MINTS.
The coinage of the I'nited States for the
current fiscal year to date is as follows:
Dough eagles $ 85,571,260 00
Eagles 8,910.870 00
Halfeagles 11, 777,300 00
Quarter eagles 60. 24 j 00
Silver dollars 13.196.036 I*o
Half dollars 2.571.593 00
Quarter dollars 3,098,179 00
Dimes 1.661.314 30
Five cents 370.424 20
Cents 287,41106
Total 8108.505,212 7.6
1. lS'.*7-fS 56.656,880 07
In iM'6-y7 76,266,887 I*l
THE INFLUX OF AUSTRALIAN GOLD.
The Mariposa brought up from Australia
887::. In sovereigns, making a total of $6,
--682,347 thus far this year and (44,858,222 since
this influx began in August, 1897.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearings last week were $17.
--243.i-.54, against $14,403,824 for the same week
las: year, j,
WEATHER REPORT.
SAN FRANCISCO, April S, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
c .-. as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall in iust twenty-tour
hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 31.07 30.90
Red Bluff 0-00 19. 12.71
Sacramento 0.00 13.91 S.S7
San Francisco l."0 15. 3S 7.75
Fresno 0.00 6.62 4.16
Ban Luis ■ iblspo 0.00 14.S>_ 6. (Hi
1. - Angeles 0.00 4.73 5.28
San Diego O.VO 4.54 4. 1S
Vuma O.tO 1.34 . 1.62
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
73; minimum, ."*• mean. C 6.
"WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather is cloudy ana somewhat threat
ening over the northern portion .>: the Paciflc
Slope, and clear over the southern.
The pressure has fallen in all districts.
The temperature lias risen slightly over the
western portion of the country^.
Conditions are favorable for fair weather in
Calltornia Sunday, It will be cooler along the
coast in the afternoon.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, April 9:
Northern California— Fair Sunday; cooler
long the coast In the afternoon; light vari
able winds, becoming fresh westerly.
Southern California— Fair Sunday; light west
Wind.
Nevada— Fair Sunday. •
I'tah Fair Sunday.
Arizona— Fair Sunday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Pair Sunday;
cooler in the afternoon, probably with fog;
light variable winds, becoming iresh westerly
in the afternoon. G. 11. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, April S.— lnterest in to-day's
market entered about the bank statement,
which on its appearance received a varied in-
terpretatlon. ihe hi st impression seemed fa- .
vorable, as prices n>se at a lively rate, but j
fuller analysis of the statement appeared less
crtlmistlc to some, and realising set in, leav- |
ing the market weak at the end and Irregularly |
changed on the day. The speculation was
characterized all day by feverish ness and irre- \
gularity. After an early show of strength
weakness appeared i.nd some stocks lost 3 per
cent. After the shaking out of many- Bpecula
,. tors yesterday the nervousness to-day may be
considered natural. Some fortunate purchasers
at yesterday's low level accepted handsome
profits to-day, while certain brokers who sold
too hastily yesterday on receiving Increased
margins from customers bought back stocks
sold. There was a ilribbiing of standard stocks
that their owners might protect highly specu- i
lntlve ventures. Tlie impairment of some large
speculative holdings owing to the market's j
action yesterday Induced tightening of loans
on _ rise to-day. Venturesome traders with .
. only moderate margins paid the penalty of .
over-speculation tins week and their paper
profits were qulcklj wiped out as well as the
principal Invested. The market alter being ]
holsteq early in tlie Week, apparently with tile i
Idea ut liquidating the stocks held oy large in
terests, bt-cauie top heavy and sagged vio
lently toward the -iii of the week, with a par- !
tlal recovery. leaving losses in the entire list i
except a few unimportant 1 ropertles. The I
losses in the standard railways averaged some- I
thing below 3 points, while In th specialties
tiie losses were in all cases considerable, the
largest declines being Metropolitan v- . Brook- !
lyn Transit 15%! Feueral Steel and Consolidated
Gas over 12 each. Sunar life, .'. rbrake 19. Man
hattan :,'•■■+. Third Avenue 5.
Stocks of this class swept over a wide
radius. Those which fluctuated most wide
ly Included Metropolitan, which at one time
was some 32 points below the highest, Brook
lyn Transit, about 3d; Sugar, 2* .. Manhattan,
23; Hunl 'in.-. 20; Federal Steel and Peo
ple's iias and International Paper well up In
the teens, 'i he greater part of these violent
dips occurred in the flrst hour an.l a half on
Friday when the Industrial panic quickly
swept out th.- marginal luiuiii... t,. spo.i.Va
lors ail over the country- While the strin
gency in the money market was the prin
cipal cause of uneasiness, the discrimination
against Industrials when its full scope be
came understood was •he Immediate cause of
the shaking of confidence. A number of com
mission bouses decided to insist on purchases
of industrial stocks being either mad- .a -
right or thai margins 1-- increased largely,
even 5n per ient being exacted. .Thus many
■specialties lielii through the rise had to be
thrown over; Aside from the money situation
ami unfavorable advices, the developments
were generally tavorai.-le. Most of the
week railway ' earnings Were good and
; there was an ease for the week
of over 90 per cent in the clearings of
all tin- banks, partly attributable to the ex
traordinary, way of speculation. The dealings
for the week were not far from 6,000,000 shares.
The bond market followed the variations in
stocks rather closely this week, hut net losses
were not as a ml,- important. United* States
new fours coupon advanced " s ; do registered,
the lives and the old fours coupon "■; and do
registered half in the bid price.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 383 300
share.-, including: Atchison preferred, 14 auo;
Burlington. 13.1i.41; Manhattan, 27,870; Metro
politan, 882S; Miss Pacific, 14,-100* Northern
■ Pacific. * 10; 1t... Island, 5317; Union Pacific
C 77*; do preierred, 6887: st. Paul, 14,235; Ameri
can Sled and Wire. IS.SCS; Federal Steel 29 OCO*
. do preferred, 19,4 m-; People's Gas. bls.3;' Brook
lyn Transit. 41,235; Continental Tobacco, 7165*
. Sugar. 10,500; Tennessee Coal and Iron sr'Su*
Leather preferred 4980; Rubber, 3510; St.' Louis
* ami Southwestern preferred, 7160; Chicago
. Great Western, 3500.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 21 .St L .<■ S W... 11*K
Do pre'd *>.**_ : Do prefd *a_
Baltimore _• Ohio. 7-1 5t Paul .. Vxi~_
Canada Paciflc... 85% Do prefd '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. pin i l
canal. Southern.. 67 '.-_. -it I' ,<■.• ti m 79' '
' Cent Pac, Ist assmt j Do prefd 165
paid 1% rSo Railway 1 o;
dies & Ohio 26<_ i ... refd .. f,o*i
Chi & Alton 165 I Texas & Pacific... :'•>..
Chi »& W 141% Union Paciflc .. 4thi
Chi & E ill 73 j Do prefd .... y.*
Do .•'refd 121 |l' P 1) A G ' 12 '
Chi <; W 15% Wabash 8
Chi Ind & L Ife l.„ prefd 23' i
Do prefd 43' i Wheel & L E ll't
Chi &N W 15!* I Do prefd . .a
y*r° i.' r f -^'-', '- Express Companies—
C C ' . & St L.... 60 I Adams Ex .. .. no
Do prefd !>«"-; lAmerlcan Ex .. 140
Del & Hudson 117*4 United States '52
Del i. f- '-'- . . 170 Wells Fargo ..'...'.121
Den A %•«• G -.1 Miscellaneous—'
Do pre.d 74- t A Cut Oil 36
Erie new 13 -i| Do prefd . 92
Do Ist prefd .... 27%. Amu Spirits \ 14
Ft Wayne 1-.4 1 Do prefd 3914
Gt Nor prefd 181 Am Tobacco :.. 221
Hocking Val 8% Do prefd HO
Illinois Ont .. IH'ijCon Gas . 193
l.ake Erie &W — li 'J I Cora Cable Co ..." sii
Do P«M Ebi_|Col F & Iron 35** i
Lake Shore Zm j ■„, . f (1 ., 0
Louis & Nash 64% {Gen Electric .. 114' i
Manhattan , H6fe Haw Coml Co. SO
Met St Ry 217 Brooklyn BT ip,si
Mich Lent 114 llntnl Paper .... r.2'2
Ml»» & St 1 50*4] Do prefd SO
Do Ist pre.'d .... ;-S Laclede Gas ... 54
Mo Pacific 4 Si; Lead 35*1
Mobile & 0hi0.... 43 Do prefd !'.'.112V.
Mo lv _- T 13% Nat Lin Oil ;-.
1 Do Prefd :;... pacific Mail _S
: 8 ' JCerftral nsvi People's Has 11314
; N " '"entrnl 131*4 Pullman Pal mo
N V Chi & st ***-*• life 'Silver Cert CO
Do Ist prefd .... 05 Standard R & T.. 10
Do Id prefd ....31 I.Sugar ]:,M
Nor West 18 i i) 0 prefd m ,„
No Ar.i«r Co 9%jT C & Iron M g
No Pacific 51«^,|U S Leather t%
Do prefd 78% Do prefd ..; 73
Ontario & W 2«% O S Rubber 54*4
Or R & Nay 40 I Do prefd 116%
Or Short Line 41**' I West Union 93%
Pa.* Coast Ist pfd. S7 Fed Steel 00%
Do Id prefd .... 60 | Do prefd S4
Pittsburg I*4 Amn Steel & W.... 61%
Reading 23% Do. prefd M
Do Ist prefd .... tlu Con Tobacco 54%
R G w 35 . | Do prefd tri
Do prefd 73 Colo Southern .... 6*.
Rock Island 116 j Do Ist prefd CO
St L & S F 11*4 Do 2d prefd ... 20U
Do prefd 71 Pac Coast 40
Do 2d prefd .... 3'J Or Nay prefd 70
So Pacific 33'< ii
CLOSING BONDS.
C S Ss 108% 'N V Central lsts. .ll!'..
U S new 4s reg.... N J C 5s 11!"% ''
Do coup ISOii'N Carolina 6s ISO
U S 4s 118 Do 4s 104 I
Do coup 114 No I'm- lsts 118% I
Do Ids 89% I Do 3s 67
II B 5s reg 114 j Do 4s 102% I
. Do 6s coup 114 NY C &St L 45. .105"* [
District 3.63 a 117 'Nor & W Os 130
Ala class A lilt 'Northwestern c0n.143-_ j
Do B 110 I Do deb 5s 122
Do C 100 ;0 Nay lsts 11l
'Do Currency 110 O Nay 4s 101%
Atchison 4s 100% !> S Line 6s tr 12S>_
Do a.ll 4s 83 O S Line 5a tr 11l
Can Bo Ms 110 'Reading 4s «*%
C & O 4%s M R Q W lsts 97 I
Chi Term 4s 99% St L & I M con 55,10»%
C A Ohio 55..' 118% St L ft S F gen 65. 123
C II & D 4%- 104% St P Con 168%
D & R a lsts 108*4 st R C ft P 1ata... .121%
I) .v. R Q 4s 101 I Do Cs 1_1>«
Bast Term lsts 105 So Ry 5s K'S
Erie Gen 4s 72 Stand R & T 65... 90
F W A D lsts tr.. 83% Term new set Ss... 99
Gen Elec 5s 115*. Tex. Pac 1. i; 15t5. .113%
<; II & S A 6s 111 " [ Do R« Ma 53%
Do 2ds 110 Daion Pac 4a 105
II ft TC 5a 112 U*P D& Q lsts.... 92
Do con 6s. 110 Wabash Ist 5s 116
lowa C lsts. 108%' Do 2ds 96%
La new con 4s 109% W Shore 4s 114
L & N Unl 4s 96*4 ! Va Centuries S4'._ .
Mo I'a con 6s 119 I Do deferred...... 9* !
M X A T Ms 65% Wis Cent lsts 67%
Do 4s 93*4 Colo Southern 45.. 86
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 30, Ontario 5 50
Crown Point 20jOphlr 1 00
Con Cal & V 1 75 Plymouth 10
Dead wood 65 Quicksilver 2 2".
Gould & Curry 35 Do prefd 800
Hale A Norcross.. 2-. Sierra Nevada 100
Homestake 55 00 ' Standard 2 30 (
iron Silver 60, Union Con 4:.
Mexican 60! Yellow Jacket 30 I
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Wis Cent 1% 1
("all loans 3 'i; 4 |Atch prefd 61 j
Time loans 3%fa'4%! Bonds-
Stocks— Atchison 4s 99%
Atch Top A St Fe. 21 Mining Shares—
Amer Sugar 157*4 Allouez Mm C 0.... 9
Bell Tel 353 Atlantic .* 33%
Boston A Maine. ..175% Boston & M0nt.... 366
Boston L.. 98 Butte & 805t0n.... 92%
("hi Bur A Q 141% Calumet & Hecla..S3s
Fltehburg 118 Centennial 43%
Gen Electric 115% Franklin 26
Federal Steel Cl Old- Dominion 45%
Do prefd 84 Osceola 93%
Mexican Central... 13% Quincy 170
old Colony -..203 Tamarack 240
Rubber 49% Wolverine 45%
I'nion Pac 40}* Parrott 53
West End 92',. I Humboldt 2%
Do prefd 113 Adventure 13
Westingh Klec 48 Union Land 7%
Do prefd 65 'Mich Tel 8%
NEW YORK'S FINANCIAL CONDITION.
NEW YORK. April S.— The Financier says:
The statement of the Associated Banks of New-
York city for the week ending April S shows
but slight chances In the conditions of the
banks as a whole, surplus reserves having de
creased less than half a million dollars. The
loss in cash was 11.472,300, entirely In the form
of legal tenders, but as deposits are almost
four millions less reserve requirements are re
duced In proportion, thus offsetting the effect
of the cash decrease. The statement is not
entirely clear In Its various exhibits. Review
ing the events of the week more particularly
with reference to ' the Stock Exchange flurry 1
and one or two heavy Industrial syndicate set
tlements it is to be said that the banks are
lin belter condition than anticipated, opera
tions with the interior have been favorable
to this center during the past few days, al
though the statement does not show it. Actual
shipments of currency approximating one mil- ■
lion dollars were made from Philadelphia as!
late as Friday, and Boston and other cities
have been taking advantage of the temporary !
high rates for call money 10 place funds here.
The natural result of the firmer rates prevail
ing will be to attract capital to New York,
and the next statement may show this In en
larged totals. But it cannot have escaped no
tice that the quotations on call money do not
reflect an actual sringency, bo far as the in
dividual Institutions are concerned. Time
money and commercial paper are negotiated at
i about the usual rates, temporarily Inflated call
' money figures being due to the discrimination
| exercised against the wholesale tenders in in
dustrial collaterals. Then, too, several opera
tions requiring very large sums of money are
flow being consummated, and this locks up
available money. The circumstances are affect
ing the money market adversely and until out
of the way will make an unsettled condition.
Conservative opinion, however. Inclines to the
belief that the next two weeks will see the
greater number of these fa. -tors 'eliminated and
the market will resume Its previous condition
of ease. At present it Is Idle to Judge the
real condition of the market by the quotations
of call money. As already explained the bunks
are subject Just now to special operations,
which are temporary In character and which
will have but a transitory influence. A larger
number of Interior institutions than usual lntve
been buying commercial paper In this center
within the past few days.
THF. LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. April B.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's L.ndon financial cablegram says:
lb.- markets here were quiet and irregular
| to-day. Americans opened at parity. The
j lower prices tempted some buying, mostly of
; Americana. The tone gradually hardened,
\ closing at the best. Atchison, Denver preferred
I and St Paul were good features. The bulls
j predicted a favorable bank statement. They
i think yesterday's shake out should check over
j speculation In Industrials, thus making the
i market healthier. TintQS were easier. Money
i was easier, but discounts were very firm. It
j is understood that the Standard Oil men have
i exercised a further option on Utah.
CLOSING.
j LONDON, April S.— Canadian Paciflc. 88%;
j Northern Pacific preferred, 80%; Union Pacific
• preferred. 81%: ('rand Trunk, SO; bar silver,
; Steady, 27 7-ltid; money, 2 per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, April B.— FLOUR— Receipts.
| 77.213 barrels; exports. 7318. Quiet and barely
steady. y . .y
WHEAT— 717" bushels; exports, 152,
--332. Sp '. steady; No, 2 red, S2?ic f. 0. b.
i afloat. Options opened firm on better cables
j than expected, but weakening under line
weather and a raid by bear traders ruled heavy
! nil the forenoon, closing weak at %c net de
i • line. May. 76%@77%c, closed 7t' c; July,
173 15-lG'e"76%c. closed 76c; September, 71',, -i
74% c, closed 74Vic.
HOPS- Dull; State common to choice, 1596
• lop. ;,'..-7'-; 1897 crop, lift.::.-; 1898 crop, 16@17c.
j Pacific Coast. 1596 crop, 6S7c; 1887 Crop, ll@13c;
IS9S crop. 17(_18c.
! HIDES— Firm; Galveston, 16%©i70; Texas
dry. 12«,ig'i:ic; California, 18% c.
WOOL— Quiet; domestic fleece, 16@21c; Texas
121,14 c. .
METALS— The brokers' price for lead Is 14 10
and for copper $18 50. The Metal Exchange
gave no quotations to-day.
i COFFEE— Options closed steady, unchanged
! I-. 6 points lower. Sales, 8500 bags, Including:
May, 85 06: July. $5 25; September, %_ 40; De
cember, $3 70: January, 15 7.".; March, $.' SO. Spot
coffee— Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice, oV&ig"6%c; No.
7 Jobbing, 6%«i«%C
SUGAR— firm; fair refining, 4c; cen
trifugal, 96 test, 4%c; - molasses sugar, 8 7 / 4 c;
refined, firm. . . •"" --•' • 1-, C
BUTTER— Receipts.- 8003 packages. Steady;
Western creamery, 17021 %c; Klglns. 21% c; fac
tory. 12%<"i 15c.
I EGGS- Receipts, 10.451 packages. Firm; West
lern, 12%-?13c; Southern, 13{?i13Vic.
DRIED FRUITS.
, NEW YORK. April 8. -California dried fruits
quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common, TiffSc:
prime wire tray, i>'.''i >-; choice, 9@l4c; fancy,
9%eioc.
PRUNES— 4%«?9%c.
APRICOTS— 13@14c; Mooniark, 18%fl
17.-.
PEACHES— 9@llc; peeled, 25@28c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, April B.— A little advance at
i Liverpool, notwithstanding weakness here yes
terday, together with reports of the present
. condition of growing wheat that Indicated a
very poor prospect for the ultimate yield, gave
wheat a good start. May opened }_o%c higher
at 72 i y<*72V\ but Interest lagged and a down
ward tendency soon set In. Remembering past
: experience on the eve 'of an important Gov
-1 ernment report, traders were not disposed to
be heavily long In view of the report due
Monday. Offers to sell were in excess of the
: demand. An Improvement In the weather
proved a bearish factor also, the reports of ]
seeding operations having begun commenced to
be circulated. A cablegram from Buenos Ayres
stating the '. Argentine surplus of wheat
to be about 84,000,000 bushels was another rev
elation that tended to the discouragement of
the bulls. The ordinary news connected with
the movement of the crop was not Influential
except that a small Increase In the visible was
I indicated for Monday. With such an array
of bearish news, accompanied ,byy* selling or
ders. May slipped off to 71Vic about half an
hour from the close. The estimate of Ar
gentina's exportable surplus was discredited by
a cablegram to one of the heaviest exporting
] houses in San Francisco, stating that the sur
plus would not exceed 27,000,000 bushels and
that incessant rains since, harvest had badly
damaged grain. This statement was not re
ceived until near the close of the session, and
the market was then going down with too
great an Impetus to be arrested lnstanter. May
wheat declined to 71c and closed at 71*_71'sc
Rather favorable spring conditions, together
with the heaviness ln wheat caused corn to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUN DAT, APRIL 9, 1899.
rule heavy and sell lower. There was a good
Inquiry for shipment, but buyers and sellers
could not come to terms on any considerable
amount. May corn closed 9 (a'"-*c lower.
Favorable reports of spring seeding ln Minne
sota and Nebraska caused a break In oats.
Longs liquidated freely. May oats closed "4@%c
lower. ■-.'-. [•-•- •
A better shipping demand for lard and ribs
strengthened provisions until near the close,
when weakness developed In sympathy with
grains. May pork closed a shade lower; lard
and ribs closed each a shade lower. '
The leading futures' ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 8— - • '.'
May 72% 72% 71 71%
July 72>_ 7_'_ 71% 71%
Corn No. 2—
May 34% 34% 34% 34%
i July 35% 3.".'. 34% 35
September 35% 36 3' 1 . 36%
1 Oats No. 2—
May 26% 26% 26% 26%
i July 25% 2:% 25% 25%
MesH Pork, per barrel
May 9 30 9 30 9 25 9 27%
July 9 42% 945 9 37% 9 37%
Lard, per 100 pounds —
May 680 530 6 27% 5 27%
July 6 42% 5 42% 6 4i; 6 42%
September ...5 57% I 37% 5 61% 555
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
May 4 77% 4 77% 475 475
July 490 490 4 874 4 87%
September 5 01% 5 024 4 974 500
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, quiet and easy; winter patents, 13 50®
, 3 60; straights. 83 20513 30; clears, $3@3 10; spring
specials. ■ $4 ICa4 25; patents. $3 20@3 60;
straight-, $2 90*8-3 10; No. 2 spring wheat, 60©
71%e; No. 2 spring wheat, 65<fi70e: No. 2 re.^ 1
72®74c: No. 2 corn. 34% c; No. 2 oats. 27@27V'c;
No. 2 white. 3Qs3o%<-~ No. 3 white. 29@30c; No.
2 rye, 62% c; No. 2 barley. 39@4Sc; No. 1 flax- 1
seed. 11 '4: prime timothy seed, 82 30; mess I
pork, per barrel. $9 20<g'9 25; lard, per 100 pounds, 1
$7. 27%®5 :'•<; short' rib sides, loose, $1 50Q4 85; j
dry salted shoulders, boxed. 4%®4%c; short
clear sides, boxed, $4 9595 05: whisky, distillers' !
1 finished gods, per gallon, $1 26; sugar, cut loaf, 1
I 5.53 c; granulated, 5.33 c. /■'■;.: _;-- _*.;'
Articles— Receipts. Shipments. !
j Flour, barrels 15,000 22,000
Wheat, bushels 44,000 27,000 |
Corn, bushels 182.000 41,000 1
Oats, bushels 167.000 107.000 1
Rye. bushels 7.000 3,000
Barley, bushels 26,000 5,000 I
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creameries, 140 20c; dairies, !
■ ry.iP". Eggs, steady; fresh, 11%@12c. Cheese,
steady: creams, 11%@12%c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shlpmen's.
Cities— . Bushels. Bushel*.
Minneapolis 246.246 37,130
Duluth 68.186 800
Milwaukee 25.900 5,600
Chic:.
Toledo 15.000* 13,000
St. Louis 6.000 20.000
Detroit 21.523 504
Kansas City 35,000 14. C00
Totals ,\ j
Tidewater-
Boston 28,330 24.173'
New York 152.332 i
Philadelphia 3,652 3.320 1
Baltimore 15,428 S.noo
New Orleans ...
Galveston 10,556
Totals* .......
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— May. July. '
Opening 6 5% 5 5%
(-losing
PARIS FUTURES
1 Flour— April. Mav-Aug.
ring 43 10 43 7."
Closing-
Wheat-
Opening ,:....-. 21 15 8116
closing
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, April S.— The few consignments
of cattle that came on the market to-day were
I disposed of at recent prices.
The demand for hogs was good at stronger i
I prices. Fair to choice, 13 So(ji3 95: heavy,
packing lots, $3 004/3 SO; mixed. 13 65 3 85;
butchers. $3 65<g3 80; light, $3 62%@3 S5; pigs, •
$3 30Si3 70.
The offerings of theep were mostly con- I
i signed direct to the- slaughtering houses and
prices ruled nominal.
Receipts— Cattle, 300; hogs, 13,000; sheep, !
2000.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, April B.— Consols. 110 9-16: silver,
, 27 7-16 d; French rentes, 101 S7%c: wheat car- !
I goes off coast, buyers and sellers apart; cargoes i
on passage, easy for white and quiet for red; ;
cargoes Walla Walla, 27s 4%d. '
LIVERPOOL. April B.— Wheat, nominal;
wheat In Paris, quiet; flour ln Paris, steady.
COTTON— Uplands. 3%d.
closing!
WHEAT— Spot. No. 1 red Northern spring. !
Cs Id. nominal; No. 1 California, 6s 4d_6s .'"1
Futures closed firm; April, nominal; May, 7s
sv»d: July. 5s 5%d.
CORN- Spot, steady; American new, 3s sd;
American old, .'!» 6V£d. Futures, April, nominal;
May, quiet, 3s 4»id: July. 3s 4 VI.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, steady, 7s I
I 2d. -• v
HOPS— At London. Pacific Coast, firm, £4 10s
' '(£4 15s.
SPECIE MOVEMENT AT NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, April B.— The exports of specie
from this port for the week were 11,437,604, of I
which 11,047,800 were silver and .£5,804 gold.
The Imports of specie were 1146,553, of which 1
134,723 were gold and 1111,830 were silver.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. April To-day's state- I
! ment of the condition of the treasury shows:
. Available cash balance, 8280,664,781; gold re
' serve, $215,606,695. .- ■; . -■-
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS
PORTLAND, Or.. April Clearings, $257,
--1 832; balances, $72,811.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., April B.— Wheat-Walla
, Walla, 58®58%c; Valley and Bluestem, 59900 c.
Cleared— British bark Balmoral, for Queens-
I town, with 140,556 bushels wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. April Clearings, $90,838; bal
ances, $6182.
.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 85
Sterling Exchange, sight — « 87
(sterling Cables — 4 88
j New York Exchange, sight — 12".*.
New York Exchange, telegraph.... — li
Fine Silver, per ounce — " 59'_
Mexican Dollars — 48@4SV*a
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Reports of damage to the American
crop are offset by a reported surplus ln the Ar
gentine and the market shows no particular
change.
Spot Shipping, $1 06%@1 0&%; milling,
$1 io. 1 15.
CALL BOARD BALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— December—
2000 ctls. $1 07%. ; y -
Second Session— December— 26,ooo ctls, $1 10% ■
4000, $1 10%. May— Booo, $1 08%.
Regular Morning Session— No sales. ';■>/-.'
BARLEY— The market continues very dull
and quotations stand about the same.
Feed, $1 0"H@1 12V4: Brewing, $1 1501 1714 per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— Seller '99, new -2000 ctls, MHo.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
OATS— There was rather more activity yes
terday and prices were steady.
Fancy Feed. $1 42|£®1 45 Per ctl; good to
choice. $1 37>,4@1 40; common $1 32%@1 35; Sur
prise, $1 4591 50; Cray. $1 32^-V/l 571?: Milling.
$1 40<ffl 42H per ctl; Red. $1 45@1 50; Black, $1 30
foi 40.
CORN— Receipts from the East have been
more liberal of late. Prices remain unchanged
Small round Yellow, $1 25: Eastern large Yel
low, $1 12%; White. $1 UWrQI 17ft; mixed. $1 ofi*.;
<ti 1 in per ctl: California White, nominal.
RYE— II O'fll 10 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
California family extras. $4: bakers'
extras. $3 8503 90; Oregon and Washington.
$3*7 3 C 5 per bbl. -/"
MILLSTI'FFS -Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 pounds: Rye Flour. $2 75
per 100; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal, $2 60; extra
cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 50@4 75;
Oat Groats. $4 73: Hominy, $3 25(*f3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4#4 25: Cracked Wheat, $3 75; !
I Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels). $6 SE<M 95; in sacks, $0 35®6 75;
I Pearl Barley, $5: Split Peas, $4 50, Green Peas,
, $5 per 100 pounds. -..,>- yy ; ;
HAY AND FEED- TUFFS.
The Hay market continues In bad shape. Buy
i ers are ' holding off . and ' the commission mer
i chants are forced to buy in most of the arri
vals. Quotations are therefore nominal. The
feeling ls very weak. Straw ls lower.
Feedstuffs remain the same.'
BRAN— rot"-* 16 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 50<321 per ton. .'
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barter. $21@25 per |
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31@31 50; Job- I
j bing, $32(0.32 50: Cocoanut Cake, • $24® 25; Cot-
I tonseed Meal. ;zS@3O per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50
! ©24 50; Cracked Corn, $24@25; Mixed Feed.
; $19 50©20. ■ • ,
CALIFORNIA Wheat. $14®16 for good
to choice and $12@13 for lower grades; Wheat
and Oat. $12@15; Oat, $12®14; Barley, $12@13;
Alfalfa. $Ci3B.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon, Nevada, etc.)
—Wheat and Wheat and Oat. $12@13: Cheat.
$10 50@11 50; Grass Hay, |9@10; Oat, $11@
13; Clover, $9 60® 10 50: Timothy, per ton.
STRAW— per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
The market continues Inactive and un
changed.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 7551 85; Small Whites,
$2*10®2 20; Large Whites, $1805190; Pinks,
$2 05@2 16; Reds, $3 25@3 35; Biackeye, $3 75®
3 85; Butters, $2 2552 60; Llmas. $3 4053 50;
Pea, $2 25f_2 50; Red Kidneys, $2 50®2 60 per
ctl.
.SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $3 75(34 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, $3 25®3 50: Flax, $2 ISO) 25:
Canary Seed, 2%@2%c per lb; Alfalfa, 8%«8%c;
Rape, 214®2"1' :; Hemp, 2&G3c; Timothy, 5
65% c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. J $1 66®1 70; Green, $2®
2 30 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Receipts were 1337 boxes Asparagus, 455 boxes
Rhubarb and 150 sacks Peas.
Onions have arrived from Australia. They
are not needed. Potatoes continue weak.
Changes in Vegetables are few.
POTATOES— 60®163 per ctl for Early Rose,
$1 40®1 60 fur River *Hurbanks; Sonoma and
Marin Burbanks, $1 40® 1 0" per ctl; Oregon,
$1 40®1 £0 for seed and $1 60*51 70 for large;
Sweet Potatoes. for Merced; New Pota
toes. 3®4e per lb.
ONIONS per ctl, outside quotation
for Oregon.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus. 75c®1l 25 per box
for No. 2. $1 5061 75 for No. 1 and $2 for fancy;
Rhubarb, 40®90c per box for the general run
and $I®l 2.'> for fancy; Green Peas. 4@7c; String
Beans, 13® 15c; Cabbage, $1 25®1 50; Tomatoes,
$1 50<ti2: f.j-g Plant, 12% c per lb: Garlic.
6®7c per lb: Dried Okra, 15c per lb; Dried Pep
pers, 10c; Green Peppers. : Carrots, 25®850
per sack: Mushrooms. 4®loe per lb; Hothouse
Cucumbers, 60c®$l 60 per doz; Summer Squash
from Los Angeles, 12"a@15c per lb.:.*.';.
POULTRY AND GAME.
The usual Eastern will be put on with the
beginning of the week. Game Continues to be
dumped, owing to the hot weather.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys. 16®17c; live
Turkeys, 13®16c for Gobblers and 14918 c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 .~,U(il 75; Goslings, $2 23
02 50; Ducks, $.". 50®6 50 for old and $7©S 50 for
young; Hens. $5 6057:^ young Roosters, $7 50®3;
old Roosters, $5 5098 50; Fryers. $6 5097; Broil
ers. $5®6 for large, $3®4-60 for small: Pigeons,
It 5091 75 per doz for old and $2 25*52 50 for
Squabs.
' GAME— Gray Geese, $3; White Geese. 75c:
Hare. 60®75c; Rabbits, $1 25 for Cottontails and
$1 for small; English Snipe, $3®3 50 per doz.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Eggs have again advanced, and some dealers
quote sales at 21c, though 20c is the top of the
general market. Eastern are expected in the
middle of the week. Butter and Cheese are un
changed.
Eastern -Eggs are being offered at 15% c.
ITER—
Creamery Fancy creamery, 17@17%c; seconds,
16% c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 14H@16c; common
grades. 13@14c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. ll@ll%c; old,
10®10%c; Cream Cheddar. 1255>12%c; Young
America, 11%®12%c; Eastern, li%®l4c. ', .-,
EGGS— at 17%@20c per dozen.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The first Cherries are in from Vacaville,
bringing $.1 25 fur an S-lb box. They were small
red.
Arrivals of Strawberries were 32% chests
and sold off well.
Apples are scarce and firm. There ls no
change in citrus fruits.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples. $l*n 25 for common, $1 50®2 per box
for No. 1 and $.' 50(53 for choice to fancy.
Strawberries, 50c®$l per drawer for small
and :)' g'lOc for large berries.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $2 2598 50
per box: Seedlings. 75c@$l 50; Mediterranean
Sweets. $1 5092; Lemons, 75c® $1 50 for common
and $292 50 for good • to choice; Mexican
Limes, $4@6; California Limes. 50®75c per small
box; Grape Fruit, $2*33; Bananas, $15092 50
per bunch; Pineapples, $2®4 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 7c for 40-50' s. 5®
5%c for 50-60's, 4®4%c for 60-70's. 3^®3%c for
70-80'b. 2*«53c for 80-90' s. 2H®2%c for 90-100's
and 2®2t'c for 100-110's; Peaches, 8%99%0 for
good to choice, 10c for fancy and for
peeled; Apricots. 12>/i®lsc for Royals and
for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, B%®9c: sun
dried, MQS'&c; ' Black Figs, sacks, 2®2^c;
Plums, nominal, 2c for unpltted; Pears, nomi
nal.
RAISINS— 3"i'c for two-crown, 4*ic for three
crown, 5%c for four-crown, 4V4®6c for Seedless
Sultanas. 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers; Dried Grapes, !%®Sc.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 7c per lb; Walnuts, s®sc
for hardshell. lOfaTlc for softshell; Almonds,
899 c for hardshell. 12513 c for* softshell, 14®16c
for papershell; Peanuts. 6®7c for Eastern and
4%®5c for California; Cocoanuts. $4 5005.
HONEY— Comb, 10®llc for bright and B@9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 7%
®7%c: light amber extracted. 7c; dark, 5®5%c
BEESIVAX- 25®27c per lb.
BEESWAX— 2SS27c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 8c per lb for heavy.
8%99c for light medium. W%®llc for light,
Mc for extra light and 12%® 13c for sugar cured:
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10%@llc; Califor
nia Hams, 10c; Mess Beef, 313 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef. $14; Family * Beefy $15@15 50: extra
prime Pork. $12; extra clear, $18; mess, $16;
Smoked Beef, lie per lb.
LARD— quoted at 6U®s%e per lb for
compound and 7 ,4@7%c for pure; half barrels,
pure. 8c: 10-lb tins. B%c; 5-lb tins. B%c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces. 6%@6"ic; packages,
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb palls. CO In a case, 9Hc;
3-tt> palls, 20 In a case, B%c; 5-lb palls, 12 In
a case, B%c; 10-lb palls. 6 ln a case. B%c; 50-lb
tins 1 or 2 In a case. 7*£ c; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, B'*c; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs. 7%c.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
The scarcity ln Tallow continues and prices
are still higher. The demand is sharp and can
not be satisfied.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about Ie under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light. B@B*4c; Cow
hides, B%®9e; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, »c: Calf.
10c; dry Hides, sound. 15c; culls and brands,
12c; dry Kip and Veal, 15c: dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 10®30c each; short
Wool. Ss@6oc each; medium, 70@90c; long Wool
90c®$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 75®2 25
for large and $1 for small; -^olts, 25®50c for
small. . , ; •
TALLOW— 1 rendered, 5c per lb; No
2'4'ic: refined. ; Grease, .
' WOOL— Spring -Southern Mountain. ]•»
months. 79*"* Foothill and Northern free. 10
®12c; Foothill and Northern, defective, 9®llc;
Humboldt and Mendocino. 14®15c; Nevada, 10
®12c; Eastern Oregon. 10@12c
Fall Wools—
Humboldt and Mendocino 9 (gjj
Northern Mountain 7
Southern 6 eg) 714
Plains 6 7
' HOPS— IB9B crop, 10<yilc per lb for ordinary
124ji2M;c for good and 13® for choice to fancy
from first hands.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta Gr.ain Bags, 6%0 for June
and July; Wool Bags, 26®28c: San Quentln
Bags. $4 95. >.'. y
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle.
$6< Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend. $7 50;
Scotch, $S; Cumberland, $8 In bulk and J3 25
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14;
Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in **ulk and $14
In sacks. :.i£y-.; ; y;y
Harrison's circular says:
"During the week there have been the fol
lowing deliveries of coal, viz.: Six from Wash
ington, 13,317 tons; twit from British Columbia,
6370 tons; four from Oregon, 2090 tons; total,
20,777 tons. Trade this line is very fair!
Of course there is a shrinkage in the volume of
deliveries of fuel for household uses, as we are
having actual summer weather, but the demand
fur steam grades is fully up to the average.
Prices are unchanged, and will remain so un
til later in the season, when chartering for
forward loading of wheat will become more
general, and rates will become established
then inward freight rates on foreign coals will
be tlxed and our largest consumers will be on
the market as buyers; In the interim they are
holding back. Imagining they will be benefited
thereby, as the outlook for the moment is that
carriers will control the situation, i. c., there
will be much more grain to move than there
will be ships to transport it. Possibly there
may be an influx of tramp steamers from dif
ferent sections, as they loom .up like mush
rooms whenever high rates prevail.
"The Canadian Commission, judging from
leading articles ln their principal journals are
yet very hopeful of having a reduction made
on our lumber tariff, and of entirely abrogating
the duty 1 n Canadian coals, with the same priv
ileges extended by Canada. This will aid the
British Columbia product, but will work a
hardship on the Washington and Oregon out
put."
COFFEE— C. E. Bickford's circular gives the
receipts at this port thus far this year at 62 -
532 bags, against 62,934 for the same time last
year. The sales from flrst hands were 36,718
bags, against 31,299. The stock in first hands
Is 29,296 bags, against 27,612. The world's visi
ble supply April 1 was 6,515,544 bags, against
6,174.760. The circular says:
"The demand Is fairly active for all classes
but under the Influence of free receipts, prices
lor Costa Rlcas and the middling kinds of Gua
temala are easier.
"The call for cheap coffees of any description
continues to be urgent and the market for
these, up to.7Hc per pound. Is decidedly firm.
Fancy Guatemalas are unusually scarce and
much needed both for home consumption and
export.
;. "Salvadors seem to have settled to a definite
value on the basis of 7%®7%c for good un
washed, with contracts pending of some Im
portance In lots for forward delivery.
"The New York market for both Brazil and
mild coffees Is dull and lowew.
"To-day's first hand stock consists of 4129 bags
Costa Rica. 15 Nicaragua. 10,840 Salvador 19 -
263 Guatemala and 1726 Mexican; in all 35.973
bags, as against 23,194 bags same time last
year."
We quote: Costa Rica— l4®lsc for prime
washed; 13514 c for good washed: 13iffl5c for
good to prima washed peaberry; llftTHsc for
good peaberry: 11*5130 for good to prime; 10@llc
nominal for eood current mixed with black
beans; 8%®10%c for fair: 697% C for common to
ordinary. Salvador lo9l2c for good to prime
washed; B®9?;c for fair washed; 10%@U%c for
good to prime washed peaberry; 7%®8%c for ,
superior unwashed; 7 1 -.-'-' 7*~v* good green un
washed; 9', 2 iftloc for good to prime unwashed
peaberry. ~ Nicaragua nominal for
good to superior unwashed; 9®loc nominal for
good to prime unwashed peaberry. Guatemala
and Mexican- 14'/4('aT7%c for prime to fancy
washed; 11-/1 B%c for good to strictly good
washed; B%9lo%c'for fair washed; 7©B%C for
medium: &*i(&6T-_c for Inferior to ordinary: 10%(3
Uc for good to prime washed peaberry; »%@loc
for good unwashed peaberry; 7%98%c for good
to superior unwashed.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube. Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 5 9-16 c; Powdered, ,', 9-16 c;
Candy Granulated, 5. 3-10 c; Dry Granulated,
6 l-h'. •: Confectioners' A 5 l-16c; California A,
4 13-16 c; Magnolia A, 4 11-16 c; Extra C, 4 9-16 c;
Golden C, 4 7-16 c; half barrels ','c more than
barrels, and boxes l%c more; bags 1-lfic less.
No order taken for less than 73 barrels or Its
equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Quotations are unaltered.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7%®B%c per lb.
VEAL— Large, 7c; small, 7%98c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%BSc; .""wes. 7c per lb.
LAMB— Spring. 10@llc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5c fur small, sW®s%c for
medium and 4H:®4»ic for large; stock Hogs and
Feeders, 4@4%c; dressed Hugs, fi'4(fj'7%c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Saturday, April 8.
Flour, qr sks 34,206 Middlings, sks... 390
Wheat, ctls..; 655 Hay, tons 337 |
Barley, ctls 880 Straw, tons 2.1
Corn, ctls. East. 2,400 Wool, bales 4.'
Corn, ctls 10 Pelts, bdls 40$
Cheese, ctls 51 Hides, no 589
Fallow, ctls ; 28 Wine, gals 60,250 j
Butter, ctls 363 Eggs, doz 27,900 ;
Beans, sks 661 Quicksilver, flks. 17
Potatoes, sks 42S Leather, rolls 132
Onions, sks 1,286 Lime, bbls 241
Bran, sks 115
OREGON.
Flour, qr 5k5..... 6,738 Hay, tons 2* '
Oats, ctls 460 i Potatoes, sks 890
Bran,' sks 552 Onions, sks 1,224
Shorts, sks.. 170
WASHINGTON.
Flour,. qr sks 3,31'; Oats, ctls 450
Wheat, ctls I.COO Hay. tons 100
AUSTRALIA.
Onions, sks rIT j
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks closed the week lower and
quiet. *. 3
In local securities the sugar stocks were firm
and Hawaiian Commercial advanced to' $89 75.
Hutchinson sold at $31 87%@32. Giant Powder
declined to $60 50. Gas and Electric was quiet
at >7t.
' The Oohlr, Occidental and Best & Belcher
assessments fall delinquent In office to-morrow.
The telegram from the pump was as follows:
"From this .late we will run the elevator
about sixteen hours per day until the second
elevator is in place. This will enable us to hold
the water at a point about 130 feet below the
1750 level. The water in 1750 level winze is 15
feet 7 Inches below the station. We have been
abie to get an opening Into the Osblston shaft
and. find the water to be at least 60 feet below
the Sutro tunnel level."
The Lille mine of Colorado paid a dividend
of $12,51*0 on the Ist Inst.
The Montana Limited mine of Montana paid
a dividend of $75,855 on the 7th inst.
The War Eagle mine of British Columbia
pays a dividend of $26,250 on the 15th Inst. .
STOCK AND BONO EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, April B—l2 m.
Bid. Ask. i Bid.A-k.
Bends— 'Cent & P... 7% 8
4s quar c0up..H3%11l |Equit G L Co. 8 8%
4s quar reg... — -- i Mutual El Co. 14% : 15%
48 nuar new.. — 129% j Oakland (las.. — 48%
5s quar c0up..107%108 Pac Gas Imp. 77 80
Miscellaneous Pac L Co — 48%
Cal-st Cab u5. 116 — SFtl A: E.... 74 74%
Cap Elec L Ca.125%127%|5an Fran 3% 3%
C C Wat 55. ...109 — Stktn Gas 6s. — —
Uup-st ex c... — — | Insurance
ED & 1* 65. .131 — iFirem'a Fund.22o 225
FACI Ry lis. 116 - Hank Stocks—
Geary-st R is. — 100 Anglo-Cal .... — 67%
11 C A S 5%8.106 -- ißank of Ca1. .257 —
_. A 1. Co o=.. — — [cal BD & 'IV. 98 —
Do gntd i;s. .101 — First Nation!. 22o —
L A R of Ca1. 105%— Lon P & A. ..131 132%
Market-st 65. ..128 — Mer Exchange — 1«
Do Ist _ 58.116 — Nev Nat 8k..150 —
NCN G R 7s. 101 — ! Savings Banks—
N Ry <'al Cs.. — 113% Ger S & L... — 1675
N Ry Cal 55.. 110% — ,Hum S A L.1050 1180
N' 1- Clt R Bs. — 107 I Mutual Say. — 41%
N.P C H H 55. 102% — iS F Say U.. 500 —
N Cai R R 55. 105 — S A L 50.... — 101
Oak uas 5s 109 — Security SB. 300 350
Om C Hv Cs.. — 126% Union T Co. — 1450
PA Cl Ky 65.. — 109 I, Street Railroads—
P & O 6s. 117 — California 112 — .
Powell-st 65... — 121% Geary 45 —
Sac El By 6s. — ' — , Market-st .... 63% 64
_Fft NI- 75. 113% — uak sL& H. - -
S F it 5JV55.114% — Presidio 13 17%
Sierra ßCal 65.104%10".% Powder—
S P of Ar 68.. 112 112% California .... — 190
SPc 6s il:<05*110% — E Dynamite... — 102%
sl PC 6s (i:*o6) — — Giant Con Co. 60% —
SPC 6s (1912) — — Vigorit 2% 2%
SPCIs eg ss. 105 — huear—
9 PBr 6s 122% — Hana P C 0.... 17% 17%
S V Water 65,116»(,116% Haw C A S C. 89% 90
s V Water 45.104 104% Hutch S P Co. 31% —
B V W4»<3dm>.lol ■. i .*« , Paauhau S P. 39% 39%
Stktn Gas 65. .102 103% i Miscellaneous—
Water Stocks— I Al Pac A55n. ,109%110%
Contra Costa.. 65 — I Ger Bd Wks.. .Sou —
Marin Co »■" — |Mer Ex Assn.. 90 —
Spring Valley. 102%102% Oceanic S Co.. 73% 75%
Gas and Electric— ,Pac A F A.... 1% l*-
Capital Gas... — — I Pac C Bor C 0.107% —
Central G Co.. — — I Par Paint Co.. 7% —
Morning Session.
Board-
-10 Alaska Packers' Association 110 50
10 Alaska Packers' Association 110 25
40 Alaska Packers' Association 110 12%
10 Alaska Packers' Association 110 00
50 Giant Powder Con 60 75
30 Giant Powder Con 60 50
50 liana Plantation Co 17 37%
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar...... 89 25
355 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 89 50
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 89 62%
155 Hawaiian Commercial A Sugar 89 75
115 Hutchinson B P Co 32 00
100 Hutchinson S P Co 31 87%
$5000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bonds... 105 50
10 Market-st Railway 64 00
10 Market-st Railway 63 87%
$s<X>o North I", of Cal 5 per cent bonds... llo 75
150 Paauhau s P Co ..... 39 25
60 Paauhau S P Co 39 12%
93 S F Gas A Electric Co 74 00
12 S F Gas A Electric Co. s 5 74 00
$10,000 S V 4 per cent bonds 104 00
10 S V Water 102 62%
Street—
$5000 S F A S J V bonds 114 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board— -'
30 S F Gas A Electric Co 74 25
6 S F Gas A Electric Co 74 50
fir. Hutchinson S P Co. 32 23
IE Hutchinson S P Co 32 37%
20 Market-st Railway 64 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday: .
Morning Session.
800 Alta 08 1 300 Mexican ....... 61
200 Andes 14 1 200 Mexican 62
250 Best A Belcher 58 100 Occidental 34
200 Bullion 03 1 300 Ophlr 105
400 Chollar 34 1 300 Overman 13
150 Con Cal & V...1 80 1 100 Potosi 28
100 Confidence 81! 100 Sierra Nev 105
300 Gould A Curry. 39i 200 Union Con 60
200 Hale & Norcrs. 301 200 Yellow Jacket.. 37
400 Justice ......... 201
Following were the sales ln the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: ;'■ ; ->. .y, -■:■;
-':'/ -.% Morning Session.
700 Belcher ........ 3 , 300 Hale A Norcrs. 31
700 Best & Belcher 68 200 Justice 19
WO Best A Belcher 591 600 Mexican 61
200 Best A Belcher 60 200 Mexican ... 60
200 Caledonia 36' 200 Ophlr 1 07%
200 Challenge Con. 33 200 ophlr 105
600 ('hollar 31 400 Ophlr .....1 10
500 Chollar 32 700 Overman '. 12
200 Chollar 33 200 Overman 13
100 Con Cal A V...1 85 200 Overman 14
200 Con Cal ft V.l 82% i 800 Potosi 27
150 Con Cal ft V...1 SO ISO Savage 31
100 Con Cal ft V.l 77% 300 Savage 32
200 Confidence Sl 200 Sierra Nev 1 05
100 Confidence SO. 200 Sierra Nev 110
4CO Crown Point... 21 200 Union Con 60
400 Gould A Curry. 39! 360 Union Con.. 49
200 Gould A Curry. 40 1 300 Yellow Jacket.. 3S
50" Hale A Norcrs. 301
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, April 3—12 m.
Bid. Ask. I Bld.Ask.
Alpha Con 06 07 Julia — 03
Alta ;... 07 09' Justice 19 21
Andes 14 15 Kentuck 04 06
Belcher 34 35 Lady "Wash — 02
Best ft Belcher 60 61 j Mexican 62 61
Bullion 02 04 Occidental 32 —
Caledonia 35 37 Ophir 1051 10
Chollar 32 33|Overman 12 14
Challenge Con. 33 35. Potosi 27 '2S
Confidence 76 SO 1 Savage 32 33
Con Cal A V.. .180 185 Scorpion 04 —
Con Imperial... 01 02 Seg Belcher — 04
Crown Point... 20 21 Sierra Nev 1051 10
Con New York. 02 — Silver Hill — 04
F. Sierra Nev.. 02 — Syndicate _ 03
Eureka Con — 60 .Standard ..2 50 275
Exchequer — 03 (Union Con 51 52
Gould ft Curry. 3*- '40 Utah ' 14 15
Hale & Norcrs. 30 32 1 Yellow Jacket.. 37 38
MINING STOCKS.
Highest prices of stocks during the week:
Name of Stock. IM. I T. W. I T. I F. | S."
Alpha 08 OS 08 071 OS 06
Alta 14 14 12 12 10. OS
Andes 20, 21 20 17 16 14
Belcher 49 47 46 40 88 36
Best A Belcher OS 62 60 66 62 60
Bullion 061 06 04 031 03 03
Caledonia 49 47 1 48 40 38 36
Challenge 50 41 42 37 38 33
Chollar 43 38 38 35 34 34
Con. Cal. & Va 2 40 2 25 2 15 2 00 2 00 1 80
.Confidence 120.... 95 90 90 81
Crown Point 32 31 28 24) 22 22
Gould & Curry 55 48! 4S 46 44 41
Hale & Norcross 40 38 1 39 36 33 30
Justice '.' 25 25 24 22 20 20
Mexican 85 78 7s 72 68 64
Ophlr 1 30 1 20 1 15 1 20 1 15 1 10
Overman 20 19 18 161 16 13
Occidental 32 35 29 26| 36 34
Potosi 36 35 35 32 29 29
Savage 35 35 3S 33 32 32
Standard 2 30 J 30 J '.■•'- 50 2 50-2 60
Sierra Nevada 1 4" l 30 1 25 1 20 1 15 1 10
Union I 69 65 1 60 55 83 1 62
Utah I 20 20 19 16 16 14
Yellow Jacket I 32, 31 27 42 41 1 37
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
James J. Kelly to Annie J. Duncan Kelly,
lot on N line of Hermann street, 81:3 E of Fill
more, E 25 by N ISO; gift,
Douglas S. Watson to Ph. de Martini, lot on
N line of Union street, 90 W of Devisadero, W
30 by N 137:6; $10.
Rudolph .1. and Emma M. Taussig to Doug
las S. Watson, lot on N line of Vailejo street,
137:6 W of Devisadero, W 27:8 by N 137:6; $!"*.
John and Kittle Tyler to William Hinkel,
lot on E line of Clayton street, 178:9 N of Fred
erick, N 25 by E 106; $10.
• William and Lizzie Hinkel to Martha L. Gohl
(wife of William J.), lot on W line of Tre
mont avenue, 303:9 N of Frederick street, N
25 by W 80:3; $3750.
City and County of San Francisco to Michael
and Rose Sawyer, Mary Maguire (Sawyer) and
Margaret Dunphy (Sawyer), lot on W line of
Shotwell street, 125 N of Nineteenth, N 3o by
W 122:6;
Hildegard Carroll (Park) to Theorllda C. Park
O'Neill, lot on NW corner of Twenty-fourth
and Mission streets, W 117:6 by N 126:7%; gilt.
Oreste and Eugenia Marsill to Seraflno Tog
notti. lot on E line of Bartol street, 114:9 N
of Broadway, N 22:9 by E 62:11; $10.
Charles Barrow to Sara A. Winans, lot on
N line of Clay atreet at SW corner of 50-vara
lot 101, thence N 137:6, E 66:9, S 60, E 2, S 77:6,
W 6S:»; $10.
Sara A. Winans (widow) to Sara E. Winans
(single), lot on N line of Clay street at SW
corner of 50-vara lot 101, thence N 137:6, E 66:9,
S 00, E 2, S 77:6, W 65;9; $10.
Estate of Joseph Macdonough (by John G.
and Agnes M. Agar, trustees) to Charles R.
Bishop, lot on NW corner of Turk and Taylor
streets, N 112:6, W 87:6, S 25, E 3:4, S 87:6, E
84:2, to confirm deed dated February IS, 189* ;
$145,000.
Alfred O. Larkin and Joshua Hendy Machine
Works to Louis Sloss Jr., lot on S corner of
Mission and Fremont streets, SW 137:6 by SE
137:6; $10.
Mary I^enehen (widow) to Christopher Mor
ten.-. lot on SE line of Shipley (Louisa)
street, 502 NE of Fourth, NE 19:6 by SE 69: $10.
John Boese or Bose to Sophie Boese or Bose,
undivided half of lot on NW line of Bryant
street, 110 SW of Eighth, SW 25 by NW 75;
gift.
Same to same, lot on SE line of Folsom
street, 365 NE of Eighth. NE 25 by SE 90; gift.
E. W. McKinstry to Annie L. McKinstry, lot
on E line of Michigan street, 150 N of El Do
rado, N 100 by E 200; gift.
William and Laura Freund to Joseph Nash,
lot on S line of Lake street, 30 E of Second
avenue. E 25 by S 102:1H: $10.
San Francisco Land Company to Winslow
Anderson, lot on N line of California street^
107:6 Vf of Eighth avenue, W 50 by N 100; $10.
John Cassidy to Jane Cassidy, lot on W line
of Twentieth avenue, 165 N of Point Lobos, N
20 by W 120; also lot on W line of Twentieth
avenue, 175 N of Point Lobos, N 25 by W 120;
also lot on N line of Pine street, 137:6 W of
Broderick. W 27:6 by N 137:0; also lot on NW
corner of Point Lobos and Twentieth avenues,
N 155, W 120, S 55, E 70, S 100, E 50; also lot
on SE corner of Point Lobos and Second ave
nues. S 100 by E 32:6; gift.
Peter D. Brady to Peter D. Curtis, lot on
NW corner of Ninth avenue and N street, N
43.72 by W 120: $10.
Annie H. Theller and Albert C. Aiken to
Hendrick R. S.-hwur. lot on NW corner of
Stillman and Girard streets. W 120 by N 100,
lot 4, block 15, University Mound Survey, quit
claim deed; $10.
Ellen C. Ayres to Robert T. Moon, lots 6 and
7, block 11, Syndicates' First Addition; also
lots 194 and 196, Holiday map A; $10.
THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
2
V
111
23
31
Mo m. I
8 4
V) 111
! 17 II
11 A
IWe Th.
5 6
19 ! w
2. r
Pr. Sa. itoon-n Phases.
1 ,fj- Last Quarter,
April 3.
I 8
/ftv New Moou.
M it W Aprl ».
~~ ~ -2kFVrßt Quarter
— . 2 j,J Arrll IT.
28 29 /J> Full Moon.
I VSf April 15.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographle
Offlce. located In the Merchants' Exchange, la
maintained In San Francisco for the beneflt of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, Is hoisted
• bout ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory. Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any. Is published
In the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUGHES.
Ll<*ut*nant. U. S. N.. In charge.
BUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
SATURDAY, APRIL 9.
Sun rlsos 542
ln sp t" W.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.alv)
Moon rlspg 4 : r )0 a m
C Time (Tlmel Time! Tlm«|
£ Ft- 1 Ft. 1 Ft. 1 Ft.
!» L W |HW LW HW
9... 4:31 0.2! 11:00 6.4 4:34 1.3 10:.". 8.1
10 ... 6:14 ..0.2 ll:r.O 6.2 5:08 1.7 11 30 6 2
HW LW HW LW
!1 ... 6:01 —0.4 12:41 5.0 5:48 2.1 .. .
12 ... 0:061 6.1 6:50—0.4 1:38 4.6 62« 2 5
IS ... 0:44 6.9 7:3<>|— o.3 2:36 4.4! 7:10 2.7
14 ... 1:221 5.3 ft:3o|— o.l 3:40 42! 8 "II I S
15 ...| 2:101 5.3| 9:26] 0.21 4:501 4.2) 9:09| 3.2
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are addlltons to the soundings on the
United States Coaat Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given ls subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALI-
! Branch Hydrographle Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
April 8, 1899.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. c.. at neon of the 120 th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
y : yy . W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. TT. S. N.. In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
I
Steamer. j > From. I Due.
Bristol [Departure Bay lapl. 9
! Mackinaw ......|Tacoms lApl. 9
j Coqullle River. . Grays Harbor Apl. 9
i Aloha 1 Point Arena |Apl. 9
I WyefleM INanalmo: 'Apl. 10
Crescent Clty...|Crescent City 'Apl 10
I Willamette ....1 Seattle Apl. 10
! A. Blanchard... [Coos Bay lApl. 10
; Samoa Humboldt Apt! 10
I Tnrtnr I Vancouver lApl. 10
Alliance [Portland lApl. 10
Fulton Portland lApl. 10
i Santa Rosa San Diego lApl. 10
I Columbia 'Portland. lApl. 10
Luella |TlUamook Apl: 11
City of Rio China and Japan.. |Apl. 11
San Jose (Panama 'Apl. 11
Townsend !c oqullle0 qullle River !Apl. 12
Signal 'Will-inn Harbor ..lAr.l. I"
Pomona Humboldt Apl. 12
Coos Bay Newport.... I A pi. 12
Umatilla j Victoria & Puget Sound Apl. 12
Point Arena.... [Point Arena (Apl. 13
North Fork 'Humboldt lApl. 1.1
Mlneola INanalmo.... lApl. 14
l Wellington IDepnrture Bay (Apl. 14
Newburg [Grays Harbor (Apl. 14
I Corona I.San D'ego 'Apl 11
! Areata .....[Coos Bay lApl. 14
! Ptatrt of Cal.... (Portland lApl. 1*
j Orizaba (Newport 'Apl. 16
'"■eon [Victoria & Puget Sound '.Anl. 17
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
bteamer. I Destination. I Sails. i Pier.
! 1 1
Weeott iHumholdt 'Apl. 9. 9nm'Piprl3
Pomona ....[Humboldt 'Apl. 9, 2 pm|Pler 9
Areata ..... i"on« P.iy .....' Ar>l. 9, In «m'» , .°r H
Orizaba — [Newport [ApL 10. 9 amiPler 11
Walla Wall; & Pgt 3d. I Apl. 11, 10 am Pier 9
A. Blanch'djCoos Bay Apl. 12. 5 pmlPier 13
Santa Rosa|San Diego Apl. 12. 11 am|Pier 11
Npp'n M'rulChlna&Japan Apl. 12, 1 pml PMSS
Aloha ......'Point Arena.. Apl. 12. 3 pml Pier !
Alliance ...[Oregon Ports. 'Apl. 13. 10 am Pier 20
Columbia ..(Portland Apl. 13. 10 am Pier
Coos Bay. ..I Newport Apl. 14. 9 amiPler 11
Pt. Arena. .[Point Arena.. Apl. 15. 3 pmlPier 2
Corpna ....'San Diego Apl. 16, 11 am Pier 11
Umatilla ..(Vic & Pgt Sd. Apl. 16, 10 amiPler 9
State Cal... Portland |Apl. 18, 10 am!Pler 24
shipping INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, April 8.
1 Stmr Orizaba, Hall. 65 hours from Newport
Stmr'Newport. Saunders, 29 days from Ma
nila, via Nagasaki 20 days. *«,,-.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, 18 hours from
1 Cleone. " - *" „ t=_i
Stmr Newsboy. Ellefsen. 20 hours from Usai.
' CLEARED.
\h * '.'. ' Saturday, April 8.
Stmr -Curacao. Yon Helms. Gua*-mas; Good
all, Perkins & Co. _ _„_,_.
Stmr City of Sydney. Pillsbury. Panama,
Pacific Mai! Steamship Co. ...
Stmr Corona, Debney, San Diego; Goodan.
Perkins & Co. „ _ _-__.
Stmr Czarina. Seaman. Seattle: E T .Kruse.
Stmr Francis Cutting. Walker, Karma.
Hume Bros & Hume. .
Stmr Elsie, Duerrbek, Pyramid Harbor; Alas
ka . leers' Association. , ___
Stmr George W Elder. Hinkle, Astoria; Ore
gon Railway and Navigation Co. .
Stmr Kadlak, Green, Karluk; Alaska PacK
ers' Association. v- "-' ' . :■ ' . 
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka; Goodall,
Perkins & Co. * „ _,___
Stmr Orizaba, Hall. San Pedro; Goodall, Per
kins & Co. ■-■ ,_
Tug Wallula. Johnson, Portland; Oregon
Railroad ;ind Navigation Co.
SAILED.
Saturday, April t.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, Eureka.
Stmr Curacao, Yon Helms. Guaymas, eto.
Stmr Corona, Debney, San Diego, etc.
Stmr Newborn. Hansen. Grays Harbor.
Stmr City of Sydney, Pillsbury, Panama and
way ports.
Stmr State of California. Goodall. Astoria.
S. lir Monterey. Beck, I!, wens Landing.
Schr Five Brothers, Jansen.
Schr Rio Rev. Johnson. '•' * • ' ' .
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, Bowens Land-
ing.
Schr Ocean Spray. Nyman, I vert-ens Landing.
Schr Archie and F. title. Jensen. Timber Cove.
CHARTERS.
The Primrose Hill ads mdse for Liverpool. •
The Prussia and Sonoma load coal at Tacoma
for this port.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived April 7— Stmr
• Brunswick, hence April 4. April B— Stmr New
burg, hence April 5.
Sailed April 7— Schr Alcalde, for Kahulul.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived April B— Br stmr Shan
tung, from Hongkong. '
NEAH BAY— Passed In April B— Stmr Mlne
ola, hence April 5, for Nanaimo.
SEATTLE April B— Stmr Excelsior,
from Alaska; Jap stmr Idzuml Maru, from Yo
kohama. „ '
POINT ARENA— April B— Schr Re
liance, for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived April Ship Ar
thur Sewall. from Bath.
NORFOLK— SaiIed April Bktn St James,
for Manila.
FOREIGN PORTS.
IQUIQUE— Feb 22— Chil bark Guine
vere, for Port Blakeley.
SWANSEA Sailed April 2— Fr ship Europe,
for San Francisco.
HONGKONG— Arrived April 8— stmr Gae
lic, hence March 9.
MANlLA— Arrived April Stmr Valencia,
hence March .'. _^_____
OCEAN TBAVEI_
—~ ~ "* "*" "~
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Jk,^ Steamers leave Broadway
I "^^i»fc_ -wharf. San Francisco:
3 fe^Sr?^-. ' c *' Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
I K§lsß3fe9!_ Apr. *• 6 - --■ 16 * *-**■ 26 * MaT 1:
4 __k fejj-^ftla change at Seattle.
1 jffieff TO For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
i _B_K\~^.irfTll C.). Port Townsend. Seattle.
lr^'32*&?i\ Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash),
~^«_ 10 a. m., Apr. 1. 6, 11, 1«. -L
26, May 1, and every fifth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N.
P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m., Apr. 4,
j 9. 14. 19. 24. 29, May 4, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cni"!. Mnmter*-. Pan Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. Apr. 2. 6. 10. 14. 18. 22. 2«,
30. May 4. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har- .
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redcndo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
I m., Apr. 4, 8. 12. 16. 20. 24. 28, May 2. and
! every' fourth day thereafter.
For Fn^enada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
- Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, Ja Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to chance
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
ar"* hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Alrts..
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DTf-PATT*: FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CARP SI 2 First Clous including Berth*
rHfIL 5>S Second. Clasi and Meals.
Cclumbla sails March 14. 24: April I, 11. XL
State of California sails March 11, XI; April
L 18. »8.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Batta.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
1 Through tickets to all points East.
K. C. WARD, General Agent.
6*o Market street.
GOOD ABB. PERKINS _ CO..
Superintendent.
i '
For
Golov.n Bay,
Port Clarence,
Kotzebue Sound,
Connecting at Kubuck River with the steamer
JOHN REILLY.
BARK ALASKA,
B. COOAN. Master.
'
Will Sail on op About May I.
For freight or passage apply to
B. COGAN, 44 East st
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW .ORE, Southampton, London, PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg westbound.
From New Tork Every Wednesday 10 a. m.
St. Louis April 12' St. Louis May S
Paris April 19 Paris May 10
New York April 26 St. Paul May 17
RED STAR LINE.
New York nnrl Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 1! noon.
Southwark April 12 -Noordland May I
Westernland ...April 19 1 Fripsland May 10
Kensington ....April £6 'Southwark May 17
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael, Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St., or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling' at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MARC Wednesday. April 11
AMERICA MARU Saturday. May »
HONGKONG MARU Thursday! June 1
Round trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office*.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
P~m3KfixH S * s - Mariposa
iSffiNlE salls v,a Honolulu
£_'----'« and Auckland for
Sydney Wednesday.
4<<L.-L' > April 19, at 10 p. m.
MSnD^ The S ; 8 - Australia
"i!"L "'ls for Honolulu
(o[fl,3RtJ~ Wednesday. May 3. at
Favorite Line Round th.*- World, via Hawaii
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia, India. Suez'
England, etc.; $610 first-class. <■>* -■>■■ '
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts.. 114 Monlqomerr
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St Freight 0ff1ce.327 Market St.
COMPAGNIE GENERAL** TRANSATLANTIQUE
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. -j^"
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. 4^Jf?*\
from Pier 42, North River, foot of •2*m&—
Morton st. LA BRETAGNE, April *_• TV*
TOURAINE. April 22: LA GASCOGNE, 'April
29: LA NORMANDIE, May 6; LA CHAM-
PAGNE. May 13. First-class to Havre. $65
and upward, 5 per cent reduction on round
trip. Second-class to Havre. $45. 10 per cent
reduction on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA 3
Bowling Green, New York. J. F. FUGAZI &
CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery aye.,
San Francisco. --■
BAY AND RIVES STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
Will be laid off the route for. general repairs
for about in days, commencing Monday night.
April 10, 18S9. ■"_»■*..
Weekly Call,sl.oo per YearBoys' and Girls' Page.
HREE stone towers rise
above the roofs of the Cas
tle of Al-Kabo. Therein, by
day and by night, sentinels
watch for visitors, welcome
or otherwise, to the castle.
So runs one of the tales that
I found in a trunk full of
curious things from Arabia,
One flne evening, as the Bun
was setting, there came along
the road that winds beneath
the castle walls, a little,
crooked old man. At his
command the castle gates
were flung wide open. "Come
In and welcome," said the
own^r of the castle, who was
none other than the giant
Abraminidin. "But what
brings you hither?" The old
man made no answer until
he had been fed. Then he
said: "I have heard of a cer
tain little man. who Is a
Prince, who knows neither
fear nor discouragement, who is even now •on his way to
seek you out and to kill you. because he has promised to
rid every land that he can reach of giants." The giant asked, care
lessly, "And who may this swaggering fellow be?" The old man took
from his wallet, that swung by his side, a list of giants who had been
killed by this little man— Corbozo. Corafix, Lejundire and others.
"Hold," said the giant Ibraminidln; "he whom you mention ls the
famous Prince I Don't Care, and if he comes here we will have to
keep a sharp lookout, for he la all that you say— fearless and beyond
discouragement. So well do I know of him that I will neglect noth
ing that may serve to entrap him as he journeys. Go you, then, out
and by evorv highway plant the popples of the Kingdom of Silence,
which* no man may pass without losing all memory of everything that
has been. Sow these seeds over all the land, and they will take root
and make it impossible for any one to cross the fields without falling
Into my power."  . A , .
The old man hobbled away and did as he was told. A gentle ram
fell and the seeds rang up in an hour, and all the highways and all
the fields were dotted, as if by magic, by those poppies that steal
away yy '■•:■■■
"We can take our ease nw." said Abraminidin, 'and can laugh
at Prince 1 Don't Care, or at a half dozen such as he."
"Sire, I beg you—" the old man started to say, as if in warning.
"Silence," thundered the giant; "how do you dare to hint that I
am afraid or that I can be in danger any more? Have you not done
your work well? If not"— here Abraminidin raised his huge right
hand as if he would strike the old man.
"I have done my work as you would have done it, master," said
the old man, "but I would recommend one thing more— go you Out be
fore the poppies give forth their deadly odor. Leave the, Castle
of Al-Kabo In charge of dragons. Then will the Prince I Don't Care,
if he should get to the castle, be surely eaten by the dragons— and he
will be dead while you are enjoying yourself. ln the company of your
brother, the giant Hardfist, and all without any more trouble to you."
"But mv brother Hardfist will not let you visit him."
"No," answered the old man, "I will remain here and will let you
know when Prince I Don't Care is in your power." .'.:_
Abraminidin was secretly glad for this advice, but he pretended
to be very angry, so that the little old man might not suspect that
he was really a coward. The plant finally went away and there
was no one in the castle but the crooked old man, the giant's
servants having gone away with him.
*, "Ha, ha," chuckled the old man, "I can fool a giant pretty well
myself. I will water the poppies daily and they will never fall to
bloom. Even the greater Abraminidin will not be able, when once
he smells of them, to tell what his own name is, nor will he ever be
-/able to remember the way back to his own castle. This is my castle
"nov.* forever. Ha, ha, what a stupid giant! He may wonder why I
never send him word that the Prince I Don't Care is a prisoner or
that the Prince has been eaten by the dragons. You dared to raise
your hand as if you would strike me, Abraminidin! Now will I punish
.'. you by taking your house and your lands for my Own."
Th<-> dragons were in a deep lake. The sides were surrounded by
.very high stone walls, so that the dragons were close prisoners. The
crooked old man went to look at them. They breathed out such
quantities of fire and smoke that he was contented to go away soon.
• He was sure that they could not escape unless he should break down
■ the walls or open a gate that drains the lake.
"Let them stay there and get hungry and savage until I want
to use them. The longer they are prisoners the more savage they
the fields. There were no better lookouts in all the world, for mice,
as you well know, can see as well by night as they can by day.
*-
WITH OUR PUZZLERS AND WRITERS.
THIS morning you will see our roll
of honor, the names of our suc
cessful guessers. Such bright
children! If I had a great mys
tery to solve I would not go to
the detectives. No; I would Just put
it in the form of a puzzle and print it
in our page, and the answer would
come in a jiffy. Here is the roll of
honor, brought as nearly to date as pos
sible:
Constance Dewey, Sonoma, Cal.; Emily
Houston, 62 Silver street, San Francisco;
Milton B. Silverstone, 112 Lyon street;
Allie Akin. San Francisco; Hazel Allen,
Lincoln. Cal.; Nettie V. Atkinson. Eu
gene. Or.; Josie James, West Berkeley,
Ca!.; Edna Lee, 216 Cortland avenue, San
Francisco; Charles H. Marks, San Fran
cisco; Annie. McDonald, 1767 Alabama
street: Charlie Clement,' Sacramento,
Cal.; Ned W. Short, Salt Lake City; Mil
ford Hahn, San Francisco; W. C. Cul
-1" rt. 210 Turk street, San Francisco;
Katie Foye, San Francisco; Hazel Wat
son, San Francisco; Leroy T. Hutchin
son 2129 Lombard street, San Francisco;
Edward Lewis. Eden Vale, Cal.
V. V. Hodgkins, 111 Second avenue, San
Francisco; Mary Billlngslea, 317 Turk
street, San Francisco; Hazel. Mont
gomery, 1219 Golden Gate avenue,
San Francisco; Dorothy Stevens, (9
years old), 856 Adeline street, Oakland;
Alice Partington, 1721 Eddy street. San
Francisco: Maggie Baptista, 1925 Geary
street. San Francisco; Marguerite
Boschke, Hotel Vincent, Los Angeles; E.
Gladys Coffin. Dutch Flat, Cal.; Gertrude
Donohue, 7248 Green street, San Fran
cisco; Alice Donnelly, 11 Perry street, San
Francisco; Milton S. Silverstone, 112 Lyon
street, San Francisco; Floyd Walker, 1631
Hayes street, San Francisco: Claudle
Lombard, 1028 Second avenue. East Oak
land: Mabel Nutting, San Francisco; Ray
Koopman, Vailejo: Ruth Heane, Berke
ley; Philip Zipp, Grass Valley, Cal.; Wil
liam Walker, 941 Campbell street, Oak
land; Sylvia A. Thlele, Rosevllle, Cal.;
Louise Damkroeger, San Francisco.
May Matters,, 8 John street, San Fran
cisco, is also on the roll of honor. A boy
whose letter came lust in time to print
ls Marcellus . Trebilcox, Grass Valley,
Cal. .■--.. •-.-.;■■ ■ .-*:■;-;;•- - •
Next Sunday we will begin a new roll
of honor, and there will be a new roll
every week, in which successful guess
ers will find place. To get proper
credit, send your answers in early. Puz
zle answers that were crow ded out last
week by the Easter stories are as fol
lows: . ,
Birds— Partridge, linnet, pheasant,
duck, kingfisher and crow. The puzzles
to-day hide the names of California
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 9, 1899.
The Castle of Al Kabo
Al-Araaf grew sleek and fat and really had a very good time
reigning in the castle from which, by his wit. he had frightened
Abraminidin. The truth was that Al-Araaf knew nothing about the
coming of Prince I Don't Care.. He had tricked the giant and was
now making the best of the matter for himself. Meanwhile the pop
ples grew and flourished and there was no spot ln many miles around
that was not hidden by the flowers. //];-
Birds and beasts and men fell down ln deep sleep whenever they
drew near the castle, and when the wind blew even Al-Araaf was
glad to keep In the castle, closing all the windows and doors tightly.
Once he fell asleep, but, being awakened by the fierce growling of the
dragons, he managed to drink an herb tea that kept him awake. But
he was never happy after that as you may Imagine, for he knew
that he might easily fall a victim to his own trap and lose his mem
In the name of the Prophet, I, Omar, son of Mustapha, write : Returning from
Mecca, the blessed, whither I had journeyed upon a pilgrimage, I saw in the great
desert a wonderful sight. Seared be mine eyes if I speak other than the truth. Lo, a
Roc, mightiest of all birds, stood in my path, nor would it move as I drew near. Be
ing valiant, and trusting that the Prophet would strengthen my strong right arm, I
made bold to attack the Roc. Allah be praised swift as the Sirocco my scimetar flew
to its true aim and the head of the mighty Roc rolled in the desert. Pushing away
the carcass I stood dumb with surprise, for, as Allah liveth, there lay in the sand a,
great egg of pure gold of many cubits span—the, price of much frankincense and
myrrh, and much of silk and jewels and the precious stuffs of Samarcand and Bag
dad. At the touch of my trusty scimitar the egg . was cloven in twain— even into two
equal parts. And when this was come about I, Omar, speaking in the name of the
Prophet, said, "Praise unto A' l ah forever and forever." From the cloven egg there
came forth smoke and fire, and a Genie! as Allah is my jud^e. To m'/ attentive ears,
said the Genie, and then he was gone forever : "Take from the egg of gold, since thy
valor and faith have proven thee to be worthy, the parchment that thou wilt find
therein. Hie thee to the mosque in thy native village and there give to the wise men
who shall translate the hidden meaning of the writing upon which thou shalt gaze
one-half the egg of gold for their reward: The other half of gold shalt be
thine own, thine and thy children' and thy children's children' sy to the end even of
the earth." I took the parchment and the egg and journeyed. Lo, the demon of greed
was with me and whispered: "Take, then, all of the gold for thine own, for the wise
men, being thy friends, will not require it of thee." I listened and was overcome by
greed. But when I came to my native town a certain wise man met me at the city's
gates and demanded of me the egg, wherefore I knew that he must have conversed
with the Genie. But my heart was stubborn and I laughed in his beard. "Egg? I
know of no egg." And in that hour I wrought m/ own ruin, for all the egg was taken
from me, and troubles and losses have been daily mine since I first listened to the
voice of cursed greed. Seeing this I went humbly to the wise men and gave to them
the parchment, but they would have none of me then, but scoffed and reviled me.
Wherefore I have lain the parchment in a chest of the wood of the cedar. In the
name of Allah, kind friend, whose eyes may yet see the parchment, write what thou
readest, if read thou canst. So shall the Genie be appeased and peace may net be mine
once more. OMAR, THE SOX OF MUSTAPHA.
(Translation.)
will be." So said the old man as he hobbled back into the castle to
begin his reign. - : y
Now this old man was a great magician. He is known in the
histories of the magicians as Al-Araaf. He had no mind to live alone.
Going to the garden after he was rested he caught a large number
of mice. He caused them to stand upon their hind legs and, with a
few touches of a magic wand, made them grow until they were as
large as dwarfs. He clothed them all in satin, gave every one a name,
taught them to talk and then commanded them to serve him as his
slaves, which they did. So he had cooks and body servants and also
sentinels for the three towers of the castle. He took Abraminidln's
rooms for his own and locked the servants out of doors every night.
The sentinels he threatened with Instant death lf they should fail to
let him know if any one should come along the highway or across
towns or cities. That gives you a
chance to study geography. The an
swers to th* tree puzzzles of last Sun
day are as follows: Beech, palm, cedar
(seeder), peach (p-each), scrub oak,
pear.
Dear Editor: I have never seen a letter
from the New Almaden mines In The Call,
so I thought I would write and see if mine
would be published. 1 will tell you some
thing about the mines.
It is a quicksilver mine and very old.
There are two little towns about a mile
and a half apart. In one town are the
shafts, where they get the metal which
comes in a rock. Then it is brought to
the other little town, called Hacienda,
and is burned in the furnaces and tries
off in vapor through the long, iron pipes,
where ft condenses into liquid and is put
into flasks and sent away. This Is a very
pretty little village with one street and a
beautiful little stream running in front
of it. called the Esseciua. It is surround-
ory entirely, as he was on the point of doing when the dragons made
him awaken. > *y
One day there landed on the coast, a few leagues from the castle
of Al-Kabo, a small man, who waa ln company of a very large dog
that answered to the name of Bloodflllikln. This dog had really
brought the little man upon his back across a wide stretch of water
and was now ready, with his brave master, for any adventure.
"Yonder," said the Prince, pointing with his sword, "is a castle,
and I think that we must go ln that direction. On, my brave com
panion! I promise you that, when we shall have finished our travels
and trials together, which will not be until all the giants that I know
about are dead, I will give you a castle for your own and there you
shall be King— ha, just think of Bloodflllikln, the dog, Mar
quis of Corafix!"
"Ho, ho, ho!" growled the dog, "that will be as fine as to be the
Marquis of Carabas. To the castle let us hasten."
On they went. Soon the odors of the poppies came to them. Mid
way, in a field of poppies, halfway from the sea to the castle, Prince
I Don't Care began to get sleepy. He rubbed his eyes and yawned.
He knew that some sort of a charm was upon him, but, even as he
tried to think, his memory failed him.
"Who am I," he asked of Bloodflllikln, "and what am I doing
here?" :.f : :*-
Alas! Bloodfillikin could not answer, for he had already gone to
sleep, forgetting all about giants and his master and about the
dangers that threatened him and his master. Prince I Don't Care
closed his eyes, his head drooped and down he fell, upon the body of
•Bloodflllikln, who slept on.
Ed by hills. Every morning I go out on
the hills before breakfast and gather wild
flowers. It is so lovely that I cannot stay
in the house. I have a playhouse, where
I cook 'all the vacation. I have a little
stove and eight dolls and everything for
a playhouse. Papa got me a bicycle last
Wednesday, and all I want to do is to
ride. :"'.,y-.. v
I just came from a long ride and I
gathered a great many wild flowers. The
hills and valleys are full of them, and
when I came home my wheel was all
decorated with wild poppies, pansies, but
tercups and primroses.
I am 13 years old arid love to play. I
am small for my age.
I have lots more to tell you, but If I
write you such a long letter it will not be
published. I will write again and tell you
about a fishing picnic. Twelve girls and
eleven boys are going and I am one. I
will tell you about my dear soldier
brother ln Manila. I like the Boys' and
Girls' page very much. Well. I will say
food-by. Hoping to see my letter ln next
Sunday's Call, I remain your reader,
NELLIE CARSON,
New Almaden, Cal. :y.,;.y ._-■.:;
Dear Editor: My papa takes the Dally
Call and he likes it very well, but I like
the Sunday paper the best, for the Boys'
and Girls' page is very interesting. I like
to read the stories and the letters that aro
published in it. I am also very fond of
poetry, so I thought I would compose a
little piece myself and send it to you.
I am 12 years old. This is my first let
ter. I would be delighted to see my letter
and poetry published. Your little reader,
MAY ADAMS,
Oakland. Cal.
■ ♦ ■
On one occasion the Prince of Wales
had a hearty laugh at a Hindu school
boy in Madras. The youngsters had
been drilled into the Dropriety of say
ing "Your Royal Highness" should the
Prince speak to them, and when the
heir apparent accosted a bright-eyed
lad, and, poinding to ,-i prismatic com
pass, asked: "What is this?" tin*
yOungster, all in a flutter, replied: ."It's
a royal compass, Your Prismatic High
ness." '-»' >
AN IDEAL MAMMA AS TOM SEES HER.
NOW once there was a mamma
(A lovely mamma, too),
She didn't scold when she was told
'Bout bad flngs chllluns do!
An' if someflng went an' tumbled
down
She'd only say, "Dear, dear!"
(Her cut-glass dish, too), she'd
just wish
We'd be more careful here.
An' she'd let her boys make candy
An' kites an' ships an' muss
The floor with paste an' sugar waste
An' never make a fuss!
She wouldn't call hoys in from play
An' have their nice game stopped
To make 'em pick up every stick
An' scrap an' toy they dropped!
An' this lady always tooked her boys
Jest every place she could;
If she went away downtown all day
She'd bring 'em someflng good;
Twenty-One Revolutionary Names, by Viola Har>sen, Redwood City.
ALL of lis girls and boys wanted to go to the seashore, so we hired a 'bus to take us there and return. As our
road lay through farms we had a great many gates to open and close. The dust was so thick that we were
white. Plains stretched away to the right, and everything was green, even close to the road. The roads were
so steep we wondered how even two horses could pull as along. Islands could be seen as we neared the ocean.
The beach was very stony; points, stretched out from the land and were very pretty to see. We took along with us
a dog called Prince. Tony threw sticks into the water for him to swim after. We all walked toward the ocean, and
Adam soon got wet by a big wave. Near the ocean' was a cave, where people put names. Some one of the boys
said: "Look, Charles, towns ard scattered all along the coast." When we were going home we saw women by a
brook washing. .Tons of ha*/ near them were being baled. We passed along the road to the leeward of a garden,
and could smell the flowers, and as we drove along a little boy said: "Last night I was adding up a sum terrible
long." All of us remarked the beautiful scenery of the New York towns and cities. As we neared our native city
we stopped at a farm, where an old lady asked ii- if we wanted some milk, and we all said 'Yes," so she went out to
the cow pens to milk the cows, and as we were looking at the chickens we saw a vulture overhead which was chas
ing another bird. As we were drinking our milk Henry was playing a piece on the piano called "Tom Organgrind
cr." Next day Alice Howe, one of our party, went to some new port on the coast up north. Carolina, her sister,
went to St.'Louis.
Brave Prince I Don't Care! Was he to sleep away his life ln the
poppy field? Or would some roving giant or wild beast find him
asleep and carry him away to a castle or to a den in the Black
Forest? Popples might bloom here forever, one springing up as
another faded, and while they grew.sleep and loss of memory would
make helpless all who smelled their fragrance. Around the dog and
Prince I Don't Care the poppies grew- and grew and grew, until the
brave Prince and his brave hound were hidden from view and their
sleep was ever sounder and sounder. An hour — a day a week — passed
and still they slumbered.
Al-Araaf, sitting at the giant's table at breakfast, saw a light
dance in through a window of the castle over his head. At flrst it
was like a sunbeam. Then it broadened until it took on the shape
of a very sharp, curved sword, which seemed to hang in air over his
head. He moved back to get a better look at this queer light, but
the sword moved as he moved and he could never get out from
under it.
"An omen," he croaked harshly. "It is a sign that some danger
comes, but 1 will watch and wait."
"Ho! Mighty master!" shouted the lookout in the three castle
towers. "A stranger comes small man, dressed like a Prince, and
beside him is a huge dog! Come and see!" ".'
So Al-Araaf went up into the highest tower and looked out toward
the ocean and saw Prince I Don't Care and Bloodfillikin; saw the
Prince point toward the castle bravely with his sword; saw the Prince
and Bloodflllikln enter the field of poppies; then he laughed loudly
as he saw them stagger blindly about and fall and knew that they
were asleep and thought that probably they would never awaken.
But over Al-Araaf's head waved the sword of light by day and
by night.. Every morn he saw It as soon as he opened his eyes; every
night it was the last object that he gazed upon. He thought much
about it. One day the sword was brighter than usual. On its blade
were some letters flashing like fire. He read them and they were:
REMEMBER THE BLACK ROBE.
This made him very angry and he was cross to the mouse servants
Indeed' he threatened them so that they all ran away. The swor
of light flashed and they all turned into mice once more and Al-Araal
with all his magic, was not able to stop them as they scampered off.
Now Al-Araaf was without servants.
"A pretty King of the Castle of Al-Kabo am I now," he grumbled,
"for there is no one to do my bidding."
In fact all living creatures left the castle all except the dragons,
who roared In their pen horribly all day and all night for food. This
dreadful din did not break the slumbers of Prince I Don't Care and
Bloodflllikln in the least, but now Al-Araaf could not sleep at all
until there was a strange happening in the castle.
A little mouse, having in its mouth a poppy blossom, crept gently
and noiselessly under the castle gate. Then came another and another
and another. Al-Araaf, who had now to be his own sentinel, since he
had driven the mice away, saw the flowers drawing nearer and
nearer to the castle gate and it looked as If the whole field were in
motion, for the mice were myriads. He could not see the mice for they
were hidden under the flowers that they carried.
Once within the castle gate the foremost mouse, who was the
leader of the band, ran directly toward Al-Araaf with Its poppy
flower and the others followed. Al-Araaf struck at them blindly and
killed some and would have killed them all, but now the sword of
light came lower and lower and he could not stop It; and now it
flashed as It was laid over his eyes and he saw no more.
Muttering some magic words he fell heavily on the castle floor
and was asleep— even like Prince I Don't Care and Bloodflllikln.
Yes, even the mice, who had been turned Into servants of Al-Araaf
once more, by the magic words he spoke as he fell, dropped asleep.
In their uniforms of brown satin they slept in a ring surrounding
Al-Araaf, and the poppies took root in the castle floors and filled the
castle, barring the doors and windows with their sleep-giving tendrils
so that no one might enter.
Upon that same day the sword of light went out from the castle
and hung in air above Prince I Don't Care and Bloodflllikln and
withered the popples where it passed, so that a broad, open path lay
in view from Prince I Don't Cafe even unto the gate of the castle.
And that night the sword of light burned like a flame and the charm
that gave the poppies the power to cause sleep to fall upon men
was burned out by the sword, so it came about that early the next
niorning Prince I Don't Care rubbed his eyes sleepily and then sat
up. He had forgotten how he happened to be there, but the sight of
the castle at a distance made him remember his errand.
The Prince struck Blocdfilllkin with the flat side of his sword
until the animal was awake.
"Come," said the Prince, "we must have been asleep, which was
very careless of us. Let us waste no time now, but move on. I am
monstrous hungry, I can tell you, and I hope to have some breakfast
at the giant's castle."
The Prince and Bloodfillikin moved on together. Within the
castle slept Al-Araaf, the charm that he had made to ruin his enemies
and to trick the Giant Abraminidin having turned to bring him into
danger, while Prince I Don't Care, having passed through the charm
safely and now being proof against it,» moved gaily on to meet with
a new adventure— to find Al-Araaf, the magician, and his mouse
courtiers and servants as they drowsed. D. H. W.
(To be continued.)
An' she useter tell 'em, "Yes, dear,"
For answer piece of pie,
An' never said "Jest trot to bed"
Till half-past nine went by!
Yes, an' jest 'cause some ol' company
came : :■ *.;
She wouldn't make 'em wait
Till all .the cake was gone, an' take
A cold lunch orful late!
An' hers wasn't sech a drefful neat
Ol' house— she didn't care • " ■
If a feller'd find his shoes behind
The very same big chair!
O yes, her boys was orful bad
An' folkses useter say
She ought ter try an' whip 'em— why,
'Bout forty times a day!
Would I like this lovely mamma?
Why, no, for don't you see
My mamma's jest the sweetest, best
In the Whole big world for me!
ELLA SEXTON.
During Rudyard Kipling's stay in
Wiltshire one summer he met little
Dorothy Drew, Mr. Gladstone's grand
daughter, and, being very fond of
children, took her through the grounds
and told her stories. After a time Mrs.
Drew, fearing that Mr. Kipling must be
tired of the child, called her, and said:
"Now, Dorothy, I hope you have not
been wearying Mr. Kipling."
"Oh, not a bit, mother," replied the
small celebrity, "but he has been
wearying me."
"Tommy," said the teacher to one ot
the juvenile class, "how many is the
half of eight?" yl;
"On top or sideways?" asked Tommy.
"What do you mean by on top or
sideways?" inquired the puzzled
teacher.
"Why.", replied the little fellow, "half
from the top of 8 is 0, and half of it
sideways is 3!"
3132
PALMISTRY.
Continued From Page Twenty-eight.
and quick about your movements. You
have mechanical ability. Your life has
been one of hard work and poor financial
returns. There is a struggle between „5
and 40, but better results thereafter. Long
life. One marriage. •_.-_-.
LAMA L.. Napa- You have a nappj .
genial spirit, although you have had to
contend with severe and depressing-■ill
nes*- in your household. You have abilltj
as an artist; especially good In sketching.
You will marry at 23 and have a quiet,
happy home. You will have five eh ldren
MRS P. J., Petaluma- You have an
astute, clever mind and can manipulate
people to suit your own Resigns. The
first part of your life you had plenty of
money, but the last ten years have been
mystifying. You have one child, a bo>
who has caused you no end of trouble.
One marriagt C.-A woman of good ex-
MRS C P D. C— A woman of good ex
ecutive ability, but inclined to be a bit too
idealistic. You are speculative, yet have
a proper regard for the value of money.
you had one heart sorrow that eft its
Impression upon your life. Your life will
be miraculously saved twice
M MAGNET — A man of good brain
power and great force, but an uncertain
constitution. You are quick and "table
and changable in affection. You will
have many changes in the next two years
One individual will come into your life
this year who will affect your career.
M M^S Ir ELSIE L. Lompoc-Your hand
shows that you have had many disap
_ointments You are fretful, changeable
and inconstant. You have been very
much disappointed In your heart affairs
and are very indifferent to the opinion of
others. You Will marry and be very
MX M D. E., Oakland— A sturdy, hardy
nature; great vitality and endurance.
You have good recuperative powers, You
are thoroughly material In your Instinct*
and desires. You will make one or. two
successful speculations. .You are fond of
cood living, but do not care to cultivate
your mind. One love affair has made,
mite an Impression upon you. .
•>• E T.— Your hand Indicates early
cares and responsibilities. Your nature is
conscientious and straightforward. One
erief in early life, which leaves its im- |
pression. You will marry happily, YOU
will never be very rich, but you will al- :
■ways have enough. You must exercise
more faith and trust and worry less.
TELL ME ALL— You have an honest.
affectionate nature, fond of homeland
would make a woman very happy. There
is one sorrow registered on your hand' be
fore 45 which unsettles you for a time.
Your temperament is rather aggressive
and when angry you do and say things
that v. -. are sorry for. Your nature is re
fined. and you appreciate everything
beautiful. __ ■'-•■'. . ■- I
WALTER F.— You have a good head
line.* showing marked ability to learn rap-
Idly You have a great deal of courage
and persistency. You are cautious and ,
painstaking. You will succeed best in
the profession of dentistry.
GRACIE You have marked musical
ability. A long life is shown. You are j
very' sensitive. You are ambitious and ;
t*n **rpr*"t
SARTH C, Sebastopol— Your life has ]
bc-n one of hardships and sorrows, you ;
married a man at 19 who drank and your
whole hie has been ruined Dy that union; |
\ou will leave' your present home this j
year; you will take a long sea voyage to ;
a foreign country, but you will take it
alone. _"'';'. , „ _ ,
MR. W. G. P., Oakland— Your hand
shows independence, will power, energy
and pride; no decided talent; you are. free
with what money you have; are tender
and affectionate in your nature, but quick j
tempered and easily annoyed.
MRS. NO. You have an irritable tem
per and an anxious mind; one influence !
in your life has brought you many heart !
aclies; you have had a good many do- .
mestic difficulties; you are restless and
changeable; two journeys in the near fu- j
ture; three heart affairs.
MISS MARIAN B.— You will have to I
take especially good care of your health; j
your life line threatens illness between '
27 and 28: you are apt to go to extremes |
in your likes and dislikes; you are indif- ;
ferent to the opinions of others; one im- I
portant attachment. ,
MRS. M. 8., Vailejo— Your hand shows
a frail constitution; continued 111 health
until the latter part of your life; you had |
a disappointment in your early life and
escaped an unfortunate alliance; you are
wonderfully energetic and plan far be
yond your strength; your last days will I
lie particularly prosperous and happy; |
there will always be a good many people :
ln your life; you have met with, a good
dea"l of opposition; there is an Individual
coming into your life who will assist you
greatly.
MRS. H. F. TV.. Vailejo— You have a
strong, determined nature; are aggres
sive and courageous; your nature is ideal
istic; inclined to be a trifle visionary at
times; one divorce Is clearly marked In
your hand, and quarrels and jealousy will
be the cause; two marriages; many
changes in the next two years.
MISS B. P.— Your hand gives promise
of marked artistic ability; you should
succeed in painting; there is a daintiness j
about your nature that wouid make you
proficient in work requiring care in min
ute details; you lack self-reliance, though
you have good executive ability; health
hot perfect.
A. O. L., Vailejo— You have good powers
of concentration; are a good calculator,
and have a very affectionate nature, even j
being enthusiastic In your love-making.
You are a man who must have an idol.
You are impulsive and do your best work \
on the impulse of the moment. Your per- i
ceptions are very keen. Great mental !
anxiety shown in early life by the island j
on your head line.
MRS. BELLE 0.. Santa Rosa— This is i
the hand of a very musical person. Artis- <
tic to a great degree. Fond of social life
and dress. Two marriages; one an un- j
happy one through the ardent tempera
ment of the husband. You will have
money left you from two different
sources. You are tactful and genial. Can
be agreeable even to those you dislike.
You are religiously inclined; fond of |
forms and ceremonies. You have in the
past had some trials and have suffered
through your proud, sensitive nature.
MISS E. W, Oakland— You should with
your hand have dramatic talent. You
have originality and Independence. Fond
of admiration, but a little too aggressive
to please all. Affairs of the heart are not
as a rule quite up to your expectations.
You will . be preserved from making an
unsuitable marriage.
MASTER EARLE, Oakland— tiny
hand gives promise of a successful career,
lie will always have Influential friends,
who will assist him to realize his ambi
tions. He is willful and apt to go to ex
tremes, He Is open-hearted and generous
and has a very I right mind. He is inclined
to be a trifle vain and fond of praise. He
is aggressive and determined, and will
make his mark in the world.
ED D., Oakland— You are a natural born
speculator, but could not indulge your
tastes ln that direction for want of funds.
Your hand shows a - steady, even mind.'
Strictly reliable. Plenty of good, honest
affection, but no sickly sentimentality.
Your life, though happy, will be compara- I
lively uneventful. One marriage.
MRS. ALICE P., Oakland— is the
hand of a bright, inquiring mind, thor- j
oughly up to date. Fond of pleasure and
a good entertainer. You are frank, and
make enemies as well as friends. You
are a good homemaker. will travel a
good deal. Two marriages.
MR. E. II '.. Modesto— is the hand
of Industry. A good business manager,
who prefers an out-of-door, active exist
ence. One who cannot endure ridicule
yet does not court praise. Strong willed i
and determined. One who has experi
enced many changes. A natural specu
lator.
MRS. HARRIET McL.-This hand
shows a steady, reliable mind, great
force of character and will power. Yoa
are not submissive and generally all peo
ple know what you think of them. Sou
have been imposed upon through your
affections. Two affairs of the hand—
successful venture and one unsuccessful
one.
CHRISTIE J., Alameda— You are a stu
dent of nature and you never tire *•
analyzing and studying humanity. You
should have been a caricaturist; your
wit is keen. You married a woman who
is not your equal In any respect. You
have two children, a boy and a girl
HARRY L., Sacramento— have
loved a great deal In a short space of
time. Many lights and shadows. There
are far too many influences in yonr life
You are aggressive and quick tempered.
You have two enemies who would In lure
you If they could. You have kidney trou
ble and will have to take better care of
your health. Two marriages and two
heart affairs, not terminating In matri
mony.
MRS. H. This hand shows love of
order and beauty. A careful manager,
but one who dislikes to assume responsi
bilities; apt to underrate your ability.
You are very easily hurt: easy to per
ceive a slight. Rather Inclined to be ex
acting. Fond of music and good books.
Your head rules and you have a reason
for everything.
Madame Neergaard, pupil of St. Germain,
scientific palm reading. 8388 Twenty-first St.,
near Valencia. Telephone White 1571. ;V.?<; '.
Hales.
. ; Tg i Outer Garments. : f STv^ — -3^M—^^^~-^ I More New Dress "Goods. j_ , ' J^BL
m We've pictured four of the new ar- &tfo^^^ HilfSwSl%lW^rt^^ I /Stakes a trained hand ,to avoid the W-y'L'?
TM rivals in various parts of this advertise- I^S^ r Ai/^^^W^^ IW^^^-^^^.J temptations and pitfalls laid in an way c^4^B
O&F\. ment. Pictures are better than words, F/f.^_—- —_ (? SsAl-tii^r 7?^ * ■ — t-^s of a dress-goods buyer. It Hn an easy /^i^
r^7\ ment. Pictures are better than words, Uhra /? >N Z?S^ job demanding an < selecting the cream "_^£t
ll\\ but even the pictures do poor justice to v ""PS^JTJ^^ 7&X' JSV MVf^wO \ "'Z^ — CT"^ of the styles in .*. m -rket like New York. KX^y^iTl
\\i\) such garments. l^ v>^> *V%^^__ltKS " '/j''W^\ 1"l (Some one has to Hke the chaff.) Our , jlfflVyQ^fl J.
\ \~ A 4-L A .^d LITTLE TAILOR MADE SUIT— _ X^? . . /N^&f ij-^v _l TwBlW // >/^v\'X(''  J _ twenty^xtrtrip acroS* the^onthiVnt :for / /\^'\W
\ 4-buttoned reefer effect (see cut above) with -^ / «j-f' I JJ—_[U-/y Jw&y '. <± ■ twenty-sixth trip across the continent tor A/\ ;nK
; \ full width skirt: m navy, cadet or caster -v. /fyyKJ /A WjWgl^feyfaTrJ =1 ■tf f • ii'i'Hit-i ;Mii',iinrnii ? -*r-*-T*r-*-TT-*nTrTTrte^,»' I 'h' ''lll>r^ '^.mrfL 7 /^Ffii.iii ■i"'u'.!iwTia-.?^. <*=">_. Us— and he's made a wonderful gathering. (yyyj _jl \y
• \ r \^y^ unt .^^i $12.50 wi^^vMj^ SMPw - Fashion never shown so i ; ri7htiy here ®4j^Uj
' / \\ English top coATS-(See cut under "Mini- rA^T A,, vA^feCr**^ mummy // i WMMMfim V^T -//li X^&Vf? nor in such assortments. For instance, y^f-^^^\^
/ \\ nery news" below)— a swell little affair tail- v\«*--\ \ i Y^ \4ii Aw b*J I I ll'l 'Alt 'Km // l\ /\ t^-'r --^ here's four lots of a hundred or more : "
/ \\ ored as well as any $25 Jacket— sllk lined *-h^X \ /.' A. s '*y\iO " v_ ""' >'C^^-*" , » II ill US* </ In I **-?&
_______^^ I throughout.... .^... $12.00 /y Xfl-P -'*s^^ \\ /W^-^cfc? 11l '\\ ■Ml r^ RICH BLACK DRESS GOOnS-Elewnt. silk souffle crepons: an c**-
- ' ..Each . vm^.vv / 11,1-1 ■ r^, = y\ . iT*^*- T tfi. 11l \\ \l \ ' quisite fabric in crepy effects: the rich silk blistered designs in
MOHAIR FKIRTR-Here's a snap for Monday! A lot of black mohair f /All \. \( "^'^v*- 1 1 \\ ll 1 ' beautiful contrast with their more somberly background, 4* men,
skirts (values up to $6); thoroughly well made and CO 75_ 7 /MA \x |\ af<- '.<PW—_ty_rT4> * — II \\ ,c *i'AN / 817.50 and $'JU> suit length.
llned * to « oat Each€DO.CO I JfiBCV V CT^r^rW'*^, J , \\-.'--i V <o\ / BUCK SOI-FFI.E .'REPON-Souffle crepon is king! The heavy
A JACKET FOR THE LITTLE ONE— A pretty cheviot mixture ln tan J)' / fe«\ \ JJt-^ <fea/ ly*£&&j?M. It I \ Vs°/. q^TPSII (l blistered effects, ln finest mohair, lead in popularity: Some or tne
or gray (sec cut right of ad under ("More new dress goods' ); trim- // / ""/> raSJ"S!».. ~~*>*il ~ iKiM M"^ --.1/ I \\ VMl^Jl \ II brightest English creations now being shown at 91 .GO, **.<.>, J?-
med with blue and brown cloth straps; a tailor made OTA PZf\ ' \\ I lv*. x - ft'*l\W •Jj&ci"'* •■ <7<jV.. ""^*~" 111 I \\ V It^Jflwrl 111 and S2.SO yard. - ..;
garment as neat as wax Each tjJT.OU M L_W V V _ %r Ss^Wa'^^_\y'_^'H Vi" l " ■^T^S^.a \ / \ii\mMl )l\ (Never necessary to pay more than Hale's prices.) •
.WHITE PIQUE SEPARATE SKIRTS— WeII tailored; double stitched £ f^xA--wrr<^.<> : ¥^A V 6 s -^^^ f v /' 1 Lx-Jlm_ZJ-^ V^ tit ACK FRKNCH POPUNS-Some swell effects for Cl _-Zf\
. seams; full width; a handy skirt t9t summer time: al- Cl -TC ~W*ffiffiffi]rmi\__^^ \\ / limßgg^**^ bailor sulls. 46 inch. '.!_... ;.?"'. .. ' ... Yd 3>1.0"
•• ways neat; Hale's price > ....Each <**'■•% /// fflM fl .. r-W&J'-S'^r^ \" \/\i* •''*ffi?ft '* /tl I A> :/ '■ iIU Set** " tailor suits. 4b men _ _ ...• .„_. -,-—■>, /\
. flVt/HiHV** •«M^Bte^^^ : v M v "^m^&J A" I mW^ COLORED BLISTERED CREPONS-A new lot just $15 #
l <^Q^Z^ i^^^~^^ -^Visi V -TO I JY received, polka dot and blister effects, « Inch. .Suit • tr»i"L*-»w
■-ii . , »„., « T 1 y*yf / \ ' ■ TAILOR BUITINGS-It Isn't a new idea that every woman'p wardrobe
KVa neil!ltlPri7 roPWC ' V/ ■ J J must contain a: good black dress. But fashion says we must have
_Mfc->i_ lllllllllCiy nWTTJt ___^ ~y/ a tailor suit as well. Right for - travel, visit, calling, shopping.
(_'T-£* - ,_. ... -••'-• '_-'' '■■''•■ — — ** ______ _, — , ___________>__-_______————__---——-- : -—-—___-___________ __________-__j handy to have for a dozen uses. ; >
____\\ ° Ur advertising representative. nOW . . covert*. : Herringbone twills. Vigoureaux..
$<££_}-*■ in New York, writes to us as follows : ]\JI ■ '■_ <_» 1 S r_ f IntirlAnix/aott F* -t/i^n^/^m/ n_-__«--- " «-■-,; 1 Amazons. .whipcords. £_ r m
fflssg "Large hats are the correct form, with MUSlin UnaerWeaP HVePyWliePe. [/fflgj, ' Paf,ui^dewa,e Diagonal WomedB - wm_2rSm-_
V .. I ■ . -;f y 1 ?' 1 crowns, trimmings of liberty Hundreds and hundreds of garments— stacks of underwear daintiness— embroidery, lace and *^M\Y .
A-rA w, ' chlfton or Mailnt * S » et L* « me l iatS riffle trimmed— some rich in lace galore, others plain at lessened cost— aisle 2 given over to the sell- JftMt^ -- :
r^vfyF^ be in- a mass ot net and chiffon, often ins _ a Vanity Fair of snowy whiteness, bewildering almost, and vet so carefully arrangnd that •£&&$&? Dq/1 QnrCsQ- Quip
\K\yy \ - t 'f l P ed u off , wlth aigrettes, birds of paradise, choosing comes easy. Plenty of extra folks to help you— ready and waiting at Ba. m. We'll do our r^X DCU J V I C " U jaiC «
J I^f V \ ostnch p um es or sea S u ' l?: - Flowers are best a „ day lon bvt nosing before  **- m ; is advised. &___W Another sale of bedding s-interestlne news to those who
l•■O. A ) not so much worn Heliotrope shades ladies" white cambric drawers, extra " empire : muslin gowns, pretty empire effects "in •* 'WraT** ■ Another saie ot DeJuings — Interesting news to tuusc wuu
\ 11 • / > ) ,w \ \° InUCI - ™°, YeV c " 01 , PC ,f naUCS LADIES' WHITE OAMRRIC DRAWERS, extra EMPIRE MT'SLIN GOWNS, pretty empire effects In V^W^'7 ,H» n l.l «nt cl«
1\ j* / / .** I _Tlu DlUelte are the leading colors. wide, deep cam brie ruffle with five fine Qff/, Rood heavy muslin, embroidered front, deep cam- • dr' ?_( / a-.icu_-_-ecem._ui--**..
\\° u^~_/ , This Week the main floor shows th?. | 'f^^?Sn^SX ■^ffiw'*"f"»:"_Hiiia Pa « r * » brlC """^ COllar and CUffS; Sale prlce "" 3^C Vfoffi Nearly 4000 white bedspreads manufactured and labeled especially
' Wcd'-^X hatS that SOld faster than We COUld trim : Anlihed nl.islin. < "Yucks^and 2' ln.-h *em or' *mm_t&_mU_'r<%YWX^ ' Parisian designs £_*& for Hale ' California stores. Hemmed and ready to use. (At the time
; \ V 1/ \ them before th" Workroom COrDS Was < broidery ruffle: sale price .....pair Ot>W in fine soft finished muslin, tucked and lace lnaer- .*l_3jS3^ this order was placed our war with Spain prompted us to laDei '*-"
\ . \T^_ ' \ ■ „j_ i, . ' H . WHITE CAMBRIC UMBRELLA SKIRTS, thoroughly tion trimmed yoke, lawn ruffle, with lace c A- VTV*! spread with the name of a United States battleship.) We are confident
_U_eu CO. 1 ■•••;• well ma _ deep cambric flounce and ruf- en~ trimmed edge on neck and cuffs; sale price. «J>\J\. rftf ' ,\\ that the of era ma( (considering quality) have not been duplicated In
Many Orders are being received from the COUntry-Special *S^"SaM"_-i"^ toiSS S"!r B * 1 cf^x^?^^-^^^' ' >SA *» ROOd. history of San Francisco. * Eleffant designs. Hemmed and
trimmers engaged tor tills work— repeated orders from the j ' 14-Inch cambric flounce,- trimmed with one row of embroider-*- trimmed ruffled front ; sale price OJI y.r'Z>^ ready to use. . .
Sam*- COUntrY neighborhoods prove satisfaction. lace Insertion and one of lace. V, yards. '7PZ r LACE TRIMMED GOWNS, fine heavy, soft finished , A- — i "Monterev" spread; 72x8S Inches -X.,Ji eaC „
Fn'lv trimmeH h*it« that were l-icrcrin- -. hit* rut tn har-riin . "-**■ sale .price : each . C tJ^ muslin, 3 deep, lace trimmed, lawn ruffles on yoke, ff f\ "San Francisco" spread. 81x88 inches %,£\\ "_^
t*o.t\ trimmed natS mat ere lagging a Dlt CUt to Dargain A GREAT DOLLAR SKIRT, 3 kinds to choose lawn ruffles with lace edge on nock and Off ~ %5 * %'U' "Texas" spread 81x90 inches « 1.35 each
prices — a Chance tO save. rrom. -ISO skirts in all, fine soft finished muslin, ' • cuffs; sale price *... OO'w ~3S?W?C "Brooklyn" spread, 78x87 Inches 5 1,n 2 eac 2
Twenty-seven a**si«tinfs in the mi ; linerv section htisv as 14-inch flounce trimmed with ** rows of lace In- Sometimes goods advertised are sold before the re- >«U3lffi-8«^ "Indiana" (white squadron brand), 7Cx9O Inches SI'S" c a< \.
1 weni\ .even assistants in Lie mi.ll.iery section DUSy as ser tlon and 2'i-lnch lace ruffle; sale C*;l f_C_ "' Pl " lt of mall orders. Whenever possible state sec- «^?^^ "New York" (white squadron brand). 54x92 inches .25 each
bees. price each tJJIeW ond choice. ' — -» "Iowa" (white squadron brand). 81x90 Inches ZT'L'i ' ftr^
••Oregon" (white squadron brand), 84x30 inches ._. S-'-n 'h
That Busy Basement Bazaar Miles and Miles of. Embroidery. SiSilii^B^^'^illl
1 nai wu_»j uu_^i—\.ii. lii.._uuis Here's one of the snaps that proves it pays to send a San Francisco buyer across the continent twice a year to 1200 pillow cases, 45x36 inches, with 2-inch hem, ready to- £q
6-inch -fry pan 5............ ..;... 5p i help our New York corps. He took the let— paid spot cash. Her- it is — ready to-morrow. No two pieces alike — morrow at ••••• Each
Decorated china cv,. /?tfrH,V .-*,. various .lenrth*— -edema's, insertions and fliuncings. -, . . . , - * -'" (Good muslin and well made.)
1 dozen rubber-tipped lead pencils dozen Ms *■....*•■•.* *- ... , , - . . , • x-^at>tt- xnnn cwq-irT--* 1 «<"<* lots eood muslin not the unworthy
i pound of note rape.** 15_ 1500 yards EMBROIDERY. 2% to 3 inch, open work, : guipure edge 7%c yard u rre?iaSrfhoroug^^^^ B ° ra «
25 ■ cream white envelopes ... 5« 1450 yards EMBROIDERY, 3to 6 inch, open edge patterns l-^c yard Slain nmm * inoro «
-JamTiefray ™m U VounceToltle :'.'.y: ."i:".::::::*:": 20c 1100 yards 27-inch OPEN WORK -FLOUNCING;. -worth a dollar 5§C yard M J n hem stitrhed . 42 12c each
witch hazel", s-ounce bottle '..'..'.lZc 1325 yards 27-inch SWISS FLOUNCING, hemstitched and scalloped edges, richly embroidered In elegant de- 6 *xW hemstitched **7 l-2c each
covraiv.Tiov*pnri,TTnnnir *n«M_ ™i- r,,,™.. . - x ._ - ■ signs; . worth from $1 25 to $1 50 yard; sale price.. :.' 75c yard six***', "perfect hem" 50 c each
se^lces?bie llttl^SettS* ....??? ...f?l™.. .? * 25C 985 yards SKIRT-LENGTH FLOUNCING, a big lot to pick from, white Swiss, linen, black silk or pongee
• „„-,",, , , y __ colored silk; some are embroidered nearly full lertgth and would be good value at $1 60 to $3 00 yard;
SHOPPING BAGS, pebbled Imitation leather, sateen top, a. OPT. salo nrlep ftKn van* na a n \ 1 fill VT ._•
tI 'SSSS I C i . l -" , -.^"'"-:.'25c —p- : "' '; .•.•.•....,.. ...osc yard Side^Combs and Other Notions.
Inches, cut on county lines,* Interesting, Instructive..'... 18x11 -«OC Afl lOlCrCSllllg filnv- 116111. And bOHIC DikhAno Shell side combs (p1ain).... 25c up Pompadour combs 25e up
Inches, cut on county lines. Interesting, instructive -CO"-* AD IlllcrcSUng UI0V» llllil. ADQ Jllillt nIfIDUUS. ShPll 9lde comb s (plain).. ..25c up | Pompadour combi 23e up
VASELINE-A 4-ounce bottle of Chesebrough Vaseline Q^- An Interesting story: A year or more r^ Mf J_W *JMf Plcot edge baby ribbon Oc bolt Bh *"i2*« combs < rh * ne8 t?"« Iladid helt'iT* •f'to' *6
OC a^o the "Alice" dollar glove at Hale's was t &a__Ws_aW taarn^ Af/ No- 1 all silk, satin and O. O. rib- settings ••••••-•• ■••••• *;** 7 » c U P Fnnmel hJlt hu'cklea s<>e v
POCDHE HE HIZ PACE POWDER-A box of powder .nd _O^ famous. We bought and sold thousands of M A _W_* 4S__> bon _^_^'^^-^.\':::^%^ Fancy hairpins irhlnestone eet- up Enamel belt buckles owe up
POCDRE DE RI7. FACE POWDER-A box of powder and a QPC r pa * rs . Trade conditions changed; unable to /W /ff/ —WW' <-?& f _W No. 1 latin back velvet ribbon 35c bolt tings »0c up Steel belt bucKles 50c up
chamois skin for -* l v get any more of the Fame high standard M/ /BSiy^ — . -~~^^ No. Pi and 2 all silk, satin and G. LADIES' POMPADOUR HAIR ROLLS— B Inch. IOc; 10 Inch, -Oc, 12
y\ we dropped the line. Assortments remained ,/BS \^^^GoOO OxOxO£_*^^ G. ribbon 25c bolt inch, 25c each.
almost complete until recently. Now the "*^ TAFFETA RIBBON No 6 first quality
The New Catalog being distributed tO line Is broken, the last chapter to-day. :,y •- pure „ plain 0 _ moire.'. B"4C yd
"■ ** Your choice. if you find a pair to suit (SOO ___, _____' -,_ «.—,... r__- - **■ _ is. _*. *-. _,«_ -.»..«. M„r-««I1
the country free. Send us the names pairs to pick from). 937-947 Market Street Every ime in the above lots are fresh. Don t forget to renew your mcwail
OS OUt-of-tOWn friends. 89c Pair. • ' clean, desirable shade, and In good assort- Pattern subscriptions.
THE HAUNTED ISLAND.
Continued from 'Page Twenty-Two.
Continued from Page Twenty-two.
Then I heard one of them, who, by the j
weight of his soft tread, must have been
the giant, cross the narrow corridor and
enter the room directly overhead— my j
own little bedroom. But for the insistence ;
of that unaccountable dread I had experi
enced there in the morning, I should at
that very moment have been lying in the j
bed with the big Indian in the room I
standing beside me.
For the space of a hundred seconds
there was silence, such as might have ex- j
isted before the birth of sound. It was
followed by a long quivering shriek of
terror, which rang out into the night, and
ended in a short gulp before it had run
its full course. At the same moment the '
other Indian left his place at the head of ,
the stairs, and joined his companion in
the bedroom. I heard the "thing" trail
ing behind him along the floor. A thud \
followed, as of something heavy falling,
and then all became as still and silent as j
before.
It was at this point that the atmos
phere, surcharged all day with the elec
tricity of a fierce storm, found relief in a
dancing flash of brilliant lightning simul
taneously with a crash of lpudest thun
der. For five seconds every article in the j
room was visible to me with amaz- j
ing distinctness, and through the win
dows I saw the tree trunks standing in :
solemn rows. The thunder pealed and
echoed across the lake and among the dis- ,
tant islands, and the flood-gates of heaven
then opened and let out their rain in '
streaming torrents.
The drops fell with a swift rushing I
sound upon the still waters of the lake, j
which leaped up to meet them, and pat- |
tered with the rattle of shot on the leaves
of the maples and the roof of the cot
tage. A moment later, and another flash,
even more brilliant and of longer duration
than the first, lit up the sky from zenith
to horizon, and bathed the room momen
tarily in dazzling whiteness. I dould.see ■
the rain glistening on the leaves and* l
branches outside. The wind rose sudden
ly, and In less than a minute the storm
that had been gathering all day burst I
forth in all its fury.
Above all the noisy voices of the ele- |
ments, the slightest sounds in the room
overhead made themselves heard, and in J
the few seconds of deep silence that fol
lowed the shriek of terror and pain I was j
aware' that the movements had com
menced again. The men were leaving the
room and approaching the top of the
stairs. A short pause, and they began to |
descend. Behind them, tumbling from
step to step, I could hear the trailing
"thing" being dragged along. It had be
come ponderous!
I awaited their approach with a degree
of calmness, almost of apathy, which was
only explicable on the ground 'that after
a certain point Nature applies her own
anesthetic, and a merciful condition of
numbness supervenes. On they came, step
by step, nearer and nearer, with the
shuffling sound of the burden behind
growing louder as they approached.
They were already half way down the
stairs when I was galvanized afresh Into
a condition of terror by the consideration
of a new and horrible possibility. It was
the reflection that if another vivid flash |
of lightning were to come when the j
shadowy procession was in the room,,
perhaps when it was actually passing in
front of me, I should see everything in
detail, and worse, be seen myself. I
could only hold my breath and wait
wait while the minutes lengthened into
hours, and the procession made its slow
progress round the room.
The Indians had reached the foot of
the staircase. The form of the huge
leader loomed in the doorway of the pas
sage, and the burden with an ominous
thud had dropped from the last step to
the floor. There was a moment's pause
while I saw the Indian turn and stoop to
assist his companion. Then the proces
sion moved forward again, entered the
room close on my left, and began to
move slowly round my side cf the table.
The leader was already beyond me. and j
his companion, dragging on the floor be
hind him the burden, whose confused out
line I could dimly make out, was exactly j
THE SAX FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 9, 1899.
Hales.
in front of me, when the cavalcade came j
to : a dead halt. At the-' same moment*,
with the strange suddenness of thunder- j
storms, the splash of the rain ceased al- I
together, and the wind died away Into j
utter silence. , '.'.'-■.' ''" ' r. " ■'■".'■
For the space of five seconds my heart !
seemed to stop beating,, and then .the I
worst came. A double flash of lightning j
lit up the room and its contents with j
merciless vividness.
The huge Indian leader stood a few feet !
past me on my right. One leg was
stretched forward in the act of taking a
step. His immense shoulders were turn
ed toward his companion, and in all their
magnificent fierceness. I- saw the outline
of his features. His gaze was directed ;
upon the burden his companian was drag
ging along the. floor; but his profile, with
the big aquiline nose, - high' cheek-bone,
straight black hair and. bold chin, burnt
itself In that brief instant into my brain
never again to fade. '. :'*. >
Dwarfish, compared to this gigantic fig- !
ure, appeared the proportions of the other
Indian, who, within twelve Inches of my j
fare, was stooping over the thing he was !
dragging in a position that lent. to his j
person the additional horror of deformity.
And the burden, lying upon a sweeping
cedar branch, which he held and dragged
by a long stem, was the body of a white
man. The scalp had been neatly lifted,
and blood lay in a broad smear upon
the. cheeks and forehead, j .-...;...._:
Then for the first time that night the
terror that had paralyzed my muscles and
my will lifted Its unholy spell from my
soul. With a loud cry I stretched out
my arms to seize the big Indian by the
throat, and, grasping only air, tumbled
forward unconscious upon . the ground. •
I had recognized the body, and the face
V.*as my own! •'-'-; ,
It, was bright daylight when a man's
voice recalled me to consciousness. I
was lying where I had. fallen, and
the farmer standing In the room with the
loaves of bread In his hands. The hor
ror of the night was still in my heart,
and as the bluff settler helped me. to. my
feet and picked up the rifle which ; had
fallen with me, with many questions and
expressions of condolence, 1 imagine my |
brief replies were neither self-explanatory
nor even intelligible. ■--
That day, after a thorough and fruitless
search of the house, I left the island, and
went over to spend my last ten days with
the farmer; and .when the time came for
me to leave, the necessary reading had
been accomplished, "and. 'my .nerves- had
completely recovered their balance. .. ", *^
On the day of my departure the farmer
started early In his big boat with my be
longings to row to the point, twelve miles
distant, where a little steamer ran twice |
a week for the accommodation of hunt- j
ers. Late in the. afternoon I went off in \
another direction in •my canoe, wishing
to see the island once again where I had
been the victim of so strange an experi
ence. * ' \
In due course I arrived there, and made
a tour of the Island. | I also i made a
search of the little house, and it was not
without a curious sensation in my heart
that I entered the little upstairs bed
room. There nothing seemed unusual.
Just after I re-embarked, I saw a canoe
gliding ahead of me around the curve of
the island. A canoe was an unusual
sight at this time of the year, and this
one seemed to have sprung from nowhere.
Altering my course a little, 1 watched
it disappear around the next projecting
point of rock. It had high curving bows,
and there were two Indians in it. I ling
ered with some excitement, to see if it
would appear again round the other side
of the island; and in less than live
minutes it came Into view. There were
less than two hundred yards between us,
and the Indians, sitting on their haunches,
were paddling swiftly in my direction.
I never paddled faster in my life than I
did in those next few minutes. When I
turned to look again, the Indians had al
tered Ihclr course, and were again circling
the island.
The sun was sinking behind the forests
on the mainland, and the crimson-colored
clouds of sunset were reflected in the wa
ters of the lake, when I looked round for
the last time, and saw the big bark canoe
and Its two dusky occupants still going
round the Island. Then the shadows
deepened rapidly; the lake grew black,
and the night wind blew its first breath
in my face as I: turned a corner, and a
E rejecting bluff or rock hid from my view
both Island and canoe.
Hales.
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES
Hamilton Square Baptist, Post street, near
Stelner— Rev. W. C. Jenkins.
First Baptist Church, Eddy street, near
Jones — Rev. E. A. Vv'ocds. . ;.-;*:
|
Emmanuel Baptist, Bartlett street, near
Twenty-third— Rev. J. George Gibson.
St. Ignatius, Van Ncsa avenue and Hayes I
street— Jesuit Fathers.
St. Mary's Cathedral. Van Ness avenue and
-.' O'Farrell street— Rev. J. J. Prendergast,
V. G.
St. Mary's, Dupont and California streets—
Paulist Fathers.
St. Rose's, Fourth and Brannan streets
Redemptorlst Fathers.
St. Joseph' Tenth and Howard streets.
* Richmond Congregational, Seventh avenue
and Clement street— Rev. P. Coombe.
Third Congregational. Fifteenth street, near
Mission— Rev. William Rader.
Olivet Congregational, Seventeenth and Noe
streets— Rev. H. T. Shepard.
First Congregational, corner Post. and Ma
son streets — Rev. George C. Adams.
Fourth Congregational. Green and Stockton
streets— L Slocombe.
_ : i /_ __■
Plymouth Congregational— Post street, near
Webster— Rev. F. B. Cherington.
St. James- Mission, Sixth avenue and Clem
ent street, Richmond District ßev. Mr.
Radcliffe.
Chapel at Presidio— Chaplain Miller offi
ciating. '
St. Stephen's Mission, 1712 Hayes street-
Rev. S. J. Lee. - -.:„.. .'
St. Stephen's, Fillmore and Fulton streets
—Rev. E. J. Lion.
St. Luke's, Van Ness avenue and Clay
street— Bishop William H. Moreland.
Trinity— and Gough streets— Rev. H.
E. Cooke. \ '-;y -''iy.:;; -.*.-!
Central Methodist . Episcopal Church. Mis
'. sion street, between Sixth and Seventh
Rev. Charles Edward Locke.
Bethel African M. E. Church. Powell
street, near Jackson— Rev. XV. B. An
- derson. .*..'__
California Street M. E. Church. California
and Broderick streets— Rev. Frederic C.
Lee. - - :■:'.--, '
Trinity Methodist, corner Market. .• Six
teenth and Noe streets— Theodore 11.
" Woodward. . • .' . , ;y;. : .
Fifteenth Avenue M. -E. Church. Fifteenth'
avenue south and P street— Rev. W. D.
Crabb. *.- 'y.yy-
Simpson Memorial, corner Hayes and Bu
chanan streets— Rev. John Stephens.
Howard Street Methodist Episcopal, Howard
! street, between Third and Fourth— Rev.
John A. ii. Wilson.
Grace Methodist Episcopal. Twenty-flrst
and Capp streets— Rev. J. N. Beard.
First M. E.. Powell street— W. 8.
Urmy.
Richmond Methodist, - northeast corner
Clement street and Fourth avenue— Rev.
George Baugh.
Epworth M. E. Church. Church and Twen
ty-sixth street*-— Rev. W. M. Woodwartl.
Trinity M. E., corner Fulton street and
Allston way, Berkeley— Rev. John Coylc.
Potrero M. E. Church. Tennessee and Sola
no streets— Rev. S. M. Woodward.
Westminster Presbyterian, corner Page and
Webster streets— Rev. S. S. Cry. jr.
Franklin street Presbyterian, corner Frank
. lin and Vailejo streets— Rev. David James.
Calvary Presbyterian. Powell and Geary
streets— Rev. J. Hemphill.
Stewart Memorial, Guerrero and Twenty
third streets— Rev. W. E. Dugan.
First United Presbyterian Church, Golden
Gate avenue and Polk street— Rev. H. H.
Bell.
First Presbyterian, Van Ness avenue and
Sacramento street— Rev. R. Mackenzie,
D.D.
Second Unitarian, Twentieth and Capp
streets— Rev. A. J. Wells. '
i
Hales. j
Morning— Sermon by Rev. J. D. Pierce, D.D.
Evening— Sermon by- the pastor, "One Uni
versal Religion."
Morning— Rev. Dr. Putnam of New York
will preach. Evening— Same.
Morning*— "Blessed Are the Peacemakers."
, Evening— "The Sons of Moses and the
Lamb"; barytone solos by the pastor and
Russell Lowry. •
j Morning— at 10:30 o'clock by Rev.
I George Burkard, S. J. Evening— Sermon
by Rev. Joseph Hickey. S. J.
Morning— Mass at 10:30 o'clock; sermon by
Rev. J. J. Preiulergast, V. G. Evening-
Alter vespers, sermon by Father Charles
Ramm.
Morning— Mass at 11 o'clock; sermon^ by
Father Weyman. Evening— At vespers,
sermon by Rev. John • Casey, C. S. P.
Morning— 9:3o, mass for those who are 'un
able to attend 5:30 mass. ■ Evening—
tation of the rosary; sermon and benedic
tion of the blessed sacrament. <•
Morning— Annual reception and communion
by the members of A. O. H. ; Archbishop
Riordan will be the celebrant of the mass
and will deliver the sermon at 8 o'clock.
Morning— "God's Kingdom First." Even
ing—"The Religion of the Future."
Morning— "The Problem of Sorrow." Even
ing—"The Magdalene." a special sermon
' on the appearance of Jesus after the resur
rection, rj.
Morning — "The Workingmen and the
Church." Evening— "Woman and the
Church." : . .; :
Morning— "The . First Sunday After the
Resurrection." Evening— "Old Testament
Geography" ; theme, Bochim.
Morning— "Where Ye Have Been." Even
. Ing— Worship and sermon by the pastor.
Morning Sermon ■by pastor. ..Evening—
"The Sin of Worry."
Morning— Prayer at 11 o'clock by Rev. S.
• J. Lee. Evening— Evensong, Rev. Mr.
Radcliffe.
Afternoon— Services ln the chapel; officers,
soldiers and their friends Invited.
Morning— Sunday school at 9:30. Evening-
Evensong. .^ - V
Morning Holy communion at 7 o'clock;
prayer at 11. Evening— Evensong.
Morning— Holy communion at I o'clock.
Evening— Evensong; the -Easter music to
be repeated. y.y
--■ Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing—Same.
Morning— "Thorna ln the Flesh." Evening
— "Shame."
Morning — "Have You Received the Holy
Ghost?" Evening— "That Soldier Kept
His Vow." ... . „yy yyy y ■:.'_;. .;
Morning— "Darkness and Light." Even
ing—"Death on a Mule."
Morning— "A Model Deacon.". Evening—
"The Devil.'.* - - •
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Evening
—Same. -,■. :
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Evening
—"Thinking Makes the Man."
Morning "Worthiness and Unworthlness."
Evening— "Availing and Unavailing Right
eousness." ■.--.-.-. ■ t _ ' -.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Evening
—Same. ■ ■ i •• >.-
Morning— Serft-on by the pastor. Evening-
Same. -'.':... - '-*;" C
Morning— by the pastor. Evening
—Same.
Morning— "Notable Prayers and Remarka
ble Answers." Evening "Consecrated
Womanhood."
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening—
Same. '..-..'yy
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening
—Same.
Morning— Reception of new members and
communion of Lord's supper. Evening—
"Guesses In Religion."
Morning— "The Object of the Discipline."
Evening— "True Religion.",
Morning— Sermon by pastor. Evening— "The
Foundation That Standeth Sure."
Morning— "The Two Natures in Man."
Evening— "The Greatest Man."
Morning— "Whom We Should See." Even
ing — "Astray."
Morning— Sermon by pastor. Evening— Same.
Morning— "The Significance of Human Duty
and Action." Evening— "The Current Re-
II llglon and Pessimism."
Hales.
..---•.-■
First Unitarian, southwest corner Geary
and Franklin streets— Rev. Dr. Stebbins,
emeritus; Rev. Stopford W. Brooke.
German Evangelical Emmanuel, corner
Twelfth and Stevenson streets— Rev. F.
W. Fischer.
First Christian, Twelfth street, between
Howard and Mission— F. S. Ford.
First English Lutheran. Geary street, near
Gough— Da, Nelander. Ph. D.
Reformed Church, Twentieth and Dolores
streets— Rev. T. K. Dryden.
First Divine Science. Tosemite Hall. Native
Sons' building— M. E. Cramer, pastor.
Starr King A. M. E.. Stockton street, near
Clay— Rev. S. Brown.
Salvation Army, 1139 Market street— The
Staff Officers.
T. M. C. A.. Mason and Ellis streets— Rev.
C. C. Herriott.
Congregation Beth Israel, south side of
Geary street, near Octavia— _. 8.
Levy.
JISPJIRJIGUS BOO.M
In California.
ASPARAGUS ls said by those who
make a study of food products, their
relative nutritive values and area
of consumption, to be the "coming
vegetable," since the taste for it Is
steadily becoming more pronounced all
over the world, and In places and at
times when the fresh shoots arc not pro
curable the canned output finds ready,
profitable and increasing sale.
While it grows wild along the south
coast of England and the herds of cattle
on the waste steppes of Russia browse
upon Its succulent tops as if it were the
commonest timothy, the requirements for
Its successful domestic culture have not,
until the last decade or so, been well un
derstood, consequently it has not in the
past been considered more of a luxury
than an ordinary article of diet.
Very soon after the "gold craze" the
discovery was made in this State that
the "overflow" and "title" lands along
the coast and river islands in the central
western part of the State were especially
adapted for asparagus culture on a large
scale. The cilmate and the rich sedimen
tary soil of the localities united to pro
duce a quality and quantity of crop un
surpassed in any part of the world, and
it was not long before our city markets
were fully supplied at the lowest prices.
Then the cannery people awoke to the
possibilities of the situation. Asparagus
ls easy to can; it "handles" well, as it
does not easily bruise or deface, requires
the simplest of preparation and cooking,
and does not in the least lose its Inviting
appearance during the process of preser
vation. Therefore it is an ideal vegetable
for canners' use. ; y •
They began to put it up, not being
quite sure of their market, and when
ten years ago 120.000 two and a half pound
cans of California raised asparagus were
sold* in one season it was considered that
the limit had been attained.
j How far they were wrong may be real
ized when it is known that last season
between 75,000 and 90,000 cases, contain
ing two dozen two and a half pound cans
each, were disposed of so advantageously
that this year the industry has received
a fresh Impetus and several new gigantic
asparagus farms have been started.
The latest move in this direction has
been made at Jersey Landing, where a
company with $200,000 capital is making
energetic preparations to plant the entire
Jersey tract, a trifle of 4000 acres, in as
paragus, in addition to the large acreage
already devoted to this special vegetable
in that vicinity. The company will build
a cannery directly at the Landing to save
all expenses of transportation on the raw
material. '■•'.■*•.-■ "' , . _ ...
Of the forty large canneries in Califor
nia nine devote themselves to asparagus
during Its season, and four are run solely
for this branch of business.
The cultivation of asparagus is very
simple, It requires a rich, soft soil and
occasional irrigation In some localities.
Four years bring the roots to their best
producing capacity. ,Once properly
started, however, the beds are a source
of Income for from fifteen to twenty
years and need comparatively little care.
.There is no Insect pest here that has a
special fondness for this crop; frosts and
winds do not trouble It, for it never peeps
its head above the warm earth until Its
time has come to be decapitated; and if
iy Hales.
Morning Dr. Brooke on "God's Answer to
Suffering Job." Evening— There is no
evening service.
Morning— "A Wonderful Exchange." Even
ing — "The Seasons of the Year."'
Morning— "The Privilege of Prayer." Even
ing—"One of Many."
Morning— "A Divine Visitation." Evening—
"Windows Toward Jerusalem."
Morning— "The Only Comfort." Evening—
'•The One Thing Needful."
Morning— at 11 o'clock.
Morning— "Seek Him Who Made the Seven
Stars." Evening— "Virtue and Its Gran
deur."
Morning — "Is Holiness Possible?" at 11.
Afternoon— Jennie McKean will
have charge of the meet ing*, assisted by
Training Home girls. Evening— "The New
Woman," 'by Mrs. Staff Captain Dunham.
Afternoon— "The Work of the Holy Spirit."
Mr. Dannals of Dayton and I. E. Munger,
late of India, will be present at the ser
vice.
Evening— Special service ln honor of the
memory of the Baroness Hirsch.
it is given enough of food and drink and,
a "hilling up" once a year it will send
up tender and palatable shoots industri
ously and persistently for at least foil*
months out of every twelve.
" THE CREDIT HO USE"
Six Stories High
High back, broad arms
and saddle seat — built for
lazy people. A chair for
the living room. Make a
cushion for it— parlor or
library $1.25
Chairs for every room in the house-
cane, wood, leather and damask seats.
Roam through the' aisles on the second
floor and find what you want.
Some odd effects in Flemish and
Golden Oak, $14.50, 5t6.?0. '*;;
Heavy, fine quality Chenille Portlers,
in salmon and red, with heavy double
knotted fringe, pair.... 51,35
Striking effects in Tapestry Por*
tiers; $7.50 and $10.
Easy to see them — comfort chairs
around. Second floor.
CARPET DEPARTMENT
Maybe you don't know what a lot of
Linoleums 3 carloads amount to?
Better come and see.
While they last, some mighty good
patterns are only 30 cts. a yard.
" Laid of course.
Free delivery, Oakland, Alameda, Berkeley
M FRIEDMAN & CO.,
233 to 237 Post St., S. F.
Open erenings Near Stockton