VOLUME LXXXV— NO. 41.
VISION OF LADIES FAIR AND
GALLANT MEN IN GAY ATTIRE
SOUTHERN PACIFIC STOCKHOLDERS
REPUDIATE BURNS AND HERRIN
Upbraided for Dragging the Company Into Dis
graceful Politics.
When Requests to Be Relieved From the Odium of Such a Candidate Were Unavail=
ing a Resolution Was Passed to Dethrone Huntington and His Political
Manager, and the Dupes of the Delectable Duo Will Be
Without Backing.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
. ••' _,_ENTQ, Jan. Now comes to light
. •.-'; the cause of the deep, dark gloom which
 settled over the camp of Herrin and
.'• Dan Burns a week ago to-day, and
" caused the Burns strikers to threaten i
•'the corporation and boast that their
• 7 candidate would win without the help
■7.;. if the railroad. To-day W. F. Herrin
;■"■-.' is at the head of the law department
• and political bureau of the Southern
Pacific, but ninety days hence Colonel
•'• Pillsbury will probably occupy the of
■•' fices in the yellow building in San i
.'• 7 .Francisco assigned to Herrin, and he j
.-will know nothing of any obligations
/assumed by the corporation on behalf
of. Dan Burns.
*..-... It is true that C. P. Huntington and
• •/• Herrin are for Burns, but Huntington's
""*•' '••"days, as well as the days of Herrin, are
7 Umbered, On New Year's day in San
'•"/Francisco there was a significant meet
*....7 •_*__" of the men who represent a ma
.: •i'-.Jfrity of the stock of the Central and
•/Southern Pacific Railroad corporations.
7.7 Herrin and Dan Burns were summoned
77} to the council. There was plain talk (
' v.- «i_l aroi.nd— G**sw*e. and Will Crocker, ■
*; 7'7'*ag-*_ respectively 40 and 43 years, an- j
/••'• "frounced that they were old enough to
.take an active part in the affairs of the
7*:.;' company J Men were present who were
.'• ...authorized to speak for Searles, Hub
' ; " : bard and Mrs. Stanford. Fully three
. ■' fourths of the stock of the corporation
/ : .was represented at the gathering. Her
-7 -..r.in was upbraided for dragging the
*';.'• ■ company into disgraceful politics and
" ■''.'■■': Burns was appealed to to save Herrin
.!"_ .-by withdrawing from the race. Her
-7 •'•rin maintained that he could not give
••••.'•up. the struggle and allow two news
7'• '.'.papers to drive him from the State. He
.' : *.'. -contended that success in the campaign
" '"•' -.'.would place him all right with Hunt
'"••••- lington and if he lost his job with the
Southern Pacific Huntington was
strong enough to provide for him else
•. '•."•'where.
The Crocker, Bearles, Stanford and
'.' ' Hubbard representatives declared that
.'..'. .the interests of the company would suf
-7 fer for twenty years if Huntington and
Herrin were successful in the scheme
: to elect Burns to the United States
..• Senate. Every appeal made to Burns
". ' to save Herrin fell on deaf ears. Burns
• ..held Herrin to th* bargain as deter
minedly as Shylock insisted on his
• pound of the flesh.
■••*.'•' The men representing the ownership
. 'of the railroad property, and who are
in position to take control at any time,
••'•; declared that the time had gone by for
' " standing in with Huntington. They
'.. contended that the Interests of the
-' .company demanded that the sentiments
'".-■ and rights of the people of California
should be respected. There was an
. other conference the following day. All
— '.those attending the first meeting were
not' present. The second conference
'. .'. lasted twenty minutes and took place i
/■in a. private car at the Sacramento de
.■:•. pot. The resolution to remove Hunt- :
; 'j -Ihgton was finally ratified by men who
: : haVe the power to carry out the inten
•'.V;. -ion-.
;•• The deluded Assemblymen and two
•?.: rr three Senators who are on the brink
i- ; ■.of ruin, who are consoling themselves
■'i 7. that they will bask In the sunshine of
• ..corporate favor should the people exe
-7, v.. ."-crate them for voting for Burns, will
•'..; 'find that the railroad will cast them I
';'.«' out. Herrin is in the fight up to his
'neck- to save himself. The success of
'.'.••"Burns might open the way for his es
*.. cape from degradation, but he cannot
.• 7. pull along with him the strikers of Dan
•;. •. Burns. Whether success or failure at
• .'.tends Herrin's efforts in the Senatorial
; < arena he will lose his position at the
• head of the law department of the cor
".-: poration. Th» edict has gone forth.
• :. The handwriting is on the wall. In fact,
his successor has been named.
i The members of the Santa Clara dele
'••'• gation who have consented to betray
''■ .that- county assert that the people will
-'••'*. forget when the storm of indignation
'•'. passes over. It is true that the people
"•./'do- sometimes forget to reward the
..■ worthy and to punish the unworthy.
'.• ..Californians are charitable In their
.... -'.judgment of their fellow men and pub
, •'.. lb! servants, but their charity, broad
and generous as it is, could not cover
. '.such a multitude of sirs against the
• honor and good name of the common
... wealth as the members of the Legis
lature would commit In the election of
V Pan Burns to the United States Senate.
: "The members of the Santa Clara dele.
gation who are now consoling them
. /.selves with the hope that the people
>•■ will forget have not measured the dc
v tr.**'.p of human forbearance to a=ce .
... ; - tain; just how much the people will
■=' : * .'-stand and what they will not endure or
."' tolerate. They will not allow them.
'; -, ..Reives to be shamefully and outrage
..'•. ously betrayed in the election of Burns
•■.to. represent California in the United
,"..... -States Senate.
•'•'•':. The. election of Stanford, tho first
• : :. mention of which created some resent
• ment, which subsequently subsided. l s
'-•' cited as a precedent to justify members
■/ -'of the Leclslature In voting for Burns
•.• jpffainst the advice and judgment of
'•' -their- constituents. There is nothing
!.' • In this comparison to justify a vote for
c 7-^ urns ' Stanford ranked as an able
end m intelligent man of force, character
• And energy. He had been Governor of
The San Francisco Call.
California and performed his duties In
a manner creditable to the people of the
State. The objection urged against his
election was that he was president of a
railroad corporation that had de»
bauched the public service of California
and corrupted the Legislature. Dan
Burns' candidacy represents all the
GOVERNOR GAGE'S RECEPTION IN THE ASSEMBLY CHAMBER.
odious features of Stanford's candidacy
without presenting a single one of the
redeeming qualities which tended to
render Stanford acceptable to the peo
ple. __________________
MAJOR McLAUGHLIN
IS NURDING WRATH
Breathes Vengeance Against
Editor de Young Because of
Statements in the Lat
ter's Paper.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 9.— Major Frank Mc-
Laughlin is warm and allows the super
abundance of his wrath to escape in the
following manner:
"You can say that the story in the
Chronicle that I left Sacramento Sat
urday, or that I was present at any
meeting in Mr. Herrin's office, or any
other gentleman's office in San Fran
cisco, on that day, is as infamous a
lie as any other statement reflecting on
myself that has emanated from the
cowardly De Young. For the proof of
my presence here Saturday night I re
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, JANUARY 10, 1899.
fer you to representatives of the Chron
icle now in Sacramento. At the con
clusion c-f this Senatorial question I
will take pleasure in proving to the
people of California that Arthur Mc
Ewen's noted history of De Young was
an absolute fact, and that I know the
cowardly cur will not, and dare not.
resent it any more than he did King
McMarius' at present suppressed De
Young family history. Not only will I
proVe it to California, but he shall not
escape me by a retreat to Europe, for
I will expose him there in every capital
in which he may seek a refuge to pose
as the great man of California. At last
he has attacked a man who will follow
him to the end."
While the major is very impressive in
voice and. manner it is thought here
that he is talking to the galleries and
by the time the Senatorial matter is
settled he will have cooled off, and
when the bay breezes fan his fevered
brow his temperature will be materially
reduced. '\- --/ v -/yy
Bluffs are useful in an active political
life and the people understand that the !
major made one at Boss Rea in a San j
Francisco barber shop not so very long ■
ago, and now they perceive that the '
major and Rea are working hand in j
hand to elect Burns.
WAR HORSES. AGAIN
ON THE BATTLE GROUND
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 9.— George A. Knight re- 1
turned to the scene of what he hopes will
be his triumph this evening, ready to re- !
new the contest. He is full of hope and is
willing to work as long as there is any
prospect for him to carry off the Sena- I
torial prize. He thinks there is a prospect '
I and he therefore started In at once to ex- j
tend the glad hand and the bright smile j
to all who might come his way and Indi- i
cate any desire for it at all.
Eugene F. Bert, the attorney for Leon
Dennery in his contest for the seat of
| Senator Porter Ashe, also arrived this
I evening.
Judge J. A. Waymire arrived at 10
o'clock with a large stock of the latest
| Improved lightning rods, which he pro
i ceeded to at once hang out. The Judge
will now await developments, trusting that
iat some time during the present Sen-
I atorial storm one of the rods he has
! placed will be struck and he will be named
as the lucky dark horse candidate,
Ex-Senator E. C. Voorheis of Amador
County came in to-night to watch me
Senatorial battle to a close, as did also
ex-Senator S. N. Androus of Los Angeles
County.
Colonel George Stone of San Francisco
is here looking after his prospects to be
come the next Adjutant General of the
State.
Martin Brady came In from San Fran
cisco and joined the Kelly push, that is j
putting forth its very best efforts to make
Burns Senator. Ex-United States District
Attorney Bert Schleslnger came in from
San Francisco to look on, while Frank
Jordan dropped in from Oakland.
TRYING TO BREAK THE
STRENGTH OF BULLA
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. * 9.— A1l day long an effort
has been made by the Grant men to do,
something with the Bulla forces, but It
has proven to be . utterly fruitless. The
Bulla men have been . proof against all
effort or endeavor to do anything with
them, looking to a break to the San Diego
man at any stage of the game. Assem
blyman Mellick of Riverside, a stanch
supporter of Grant, called on Senator
Bulla early In the day and had a long
conference with him. but it proved to be
devoid of results. Some of the other sup
porters of Grant called on Senator Bulla
and extended to him their good wishes
and assurances that if they left Grant
they would come to him.
One thing Is quite certain. Senator
i Bulla is from certain quarters and to a
certain extent receiving what is known in
gambling parlance as "the double cross."
There are some people from Los Angeles
who are pretending to support Senator
Bulla, who, as a matter of fact, are lay- '
ing wake nights to aid the Senatorial j
canvass of the man from Mexico. Sena- i
tor Bulla and those of his supporters who |
are really heart and soul in his tight are j
posted as to these individuals, and they
are not taken into full confidence at any j
time. The inside of the Bulla fight has j
already been betrayed once to Milton
I Green, Grant's manager, and it is not i
proposed * that it shall occur again.
Walter R. Bacon, one of the Grant j
leaders from Los Angeles, states to-night \
that the Grant people have made three j
votes to-day to add to their. roll. They ;
will not come on the first joint ballot, but '
' will on the second. Ex-Congressman W.
■ W. Bowers is of the opinion that the fight ,
lls between Grant and Burns, with the !
| chances in favor of Grant. He thinks
that unless a result is reached by Satur- j
day Bulla or some other man who has no
strong following on the start will then
commence to figure in the race.
I' Keep " the Decorations. I
Will Keep the Decorations. j
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. *9.— There being no quorum
present when the Senate met Saturday
that -body was obliged to meet this morn
ing to keep within the provisions of the
law. Rollcall showed a quorum in at
tendance and a resolution was .-■ adopted
providing . that, the gorgeous rainbow
hued ball decorations of the chamber be
allowed to remain throughout the ses
sion. Adjourned until to-morrow, morning.'
1 in «- ' j
SOCIETY PLACES
ITS SEAL ON THE
ADMINISTRATION
The Inaugural Ball Pronounced a Great
Success.
Vast Crowds of Guests Chased the Flying Hours
With Merry Feet in Honor of the Advent of
California's New Governor.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 9.— Without it was as
dark and dismal"* as only a midwinter
night in Sacramento can be. The rain
dashed against the panes of the flying
carriages in torrents, making the fair
occupants shiver apprehensively. With
in the great Capitol building it was a
glare of light and brilliant costumes.
Whispering, scheming lawmakers had
laid aside their official garb for the
nonce and donned the evening apparel
of society, and instead of dodging job
chasers they mingled with the youth
and beauty of the State.
The Governor's ball, the formal event
that quadrennially marks the installa
tion of a new administration, was in
progress. Such a night as this the cap
ital city has not experienced this win
ter. The day opened dull and lowering,
but toward noon a rift in the gray
clouds gave partial promise of clearing
weather. But the. promise, .such as it
was,, was broken. A chilling wind
sprang up and along in the afternoon
a steady, soaking rain set in that in
creased to a storm, dark and threaten
ing, promising all kinds of disaster to
dainty toilets.
Carriages were at a premium and
hackmen manifested no feverish desire
to accept an engagement on the instant.
They preferred to negotiate awhile and
as a rule profited tenfold or maybe
more thereby.
With the exception of the arrange
ments at the main entrance to the
Capitol the committees having the af
fair in charge had performed their
work most acceptably, but through
some oversight the guests were driven
under a portico that afforded little or
no protection from the rain and landed
on flooded steps in darkness so intense
that, save for the dim glare that strug
gled through the doorway, it would have
been impenetrable. Why no light was
placed in the entrance, when there was
so much of it to spare just within, is
something that nobody saw fit to ex
plain. However, that was merely an
incident of the grand event.
Guests began to arrive at an un
seemly hour, but they were, for the
most part, more intent upon securing
places of vantage in the galleries than
they were in actively participating. in
the dance. The rotunda and hallways
on the main floor being transformed
into an Immense dining hall for the oc
casion, the guests ere shown to the
ground floor and directed to dressing
rooms, the Adjutant General's and Sur
j veyor General's offices being put to this
| use. In the upper rotunda the military
| band of Sacramento discoursed cqncert
j music, while Neale's Orchestra fur
i nished dance music in the Assembly
chamber and Hand's Orchestra was
stationed in the Senate chamber.
The long corridor between the two
wings furnished a delightful prome
nade, while all the other offices on the
floor were thrown open for use as re
ception-rooms.
The Governor's party was fashion
ably late in arriving, and of course
nothing could be done beyond prom-
I enading and listening to the music
: until the executive arrived.
Some of the costumes worn by the
! ladies were magnificent, others were
j handsome, and from the latter they
' graduated down to the chic tailor-
I made- suits and the simple street gowns.
I Most of the* men were in evening dress,
many of them for the first time, and
! everybody knew it. Some of the dress
j coats showed half-obliterated soup
'■ stains and mark of the accompanying
| towel over the shoulder. The creases
I in others plainly told of careful folding
away with moth balls that were not
effectual, perhaps since the Inaugural
ball of four years ago. Once in a while
a wearer manifested an inclination to
ring up the cash register whenever he
saw a glass of lemonade handed out.
Others struck an easy posture against
the wall remaining motionless for
hours, giving ample evidence of their
usual occupation as figureheads for
"Market-street cigar stands. But every
body was happy and altogether satis
fied with his or her own appearance.
The "well" was dry for the night, and
although there were numerous invita
tions to make secret incursions into
dark recesses, which were invariably
accepted, none of the disgraceful scenes
that have marred former inaugural
balls were witnessed to-night.
At 10 o'clock line was formed in the
Assembly wing for the grand march
and headed toward the Senate cham
ber, led by Governor and Mrs. Gage.
Lieutenant Governor Neff and Miss
Johnson of Sacramento, Mr. and Mrs.
Davis and Senator and Mrs. Flint.
Neither ex-Governor Budd nor ex-Lieu
tenant Governor Jeter was in attend
ance, both being kept at home by Ill
ness.
The Governor was resplendent in a
brand-new dress suit, the trousers care
fully creased and showing not the
slightest fullness at the knees. Owing
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
I to the fact that there was no place in
' the dress coat for side pockets the Gov
! ernor carried his hands incased in im
! maculate white kids in full view of the
i spectators all the evening.
The formation of the grand march
! was as follows: George H. Clark and
j wife (floor director Assembly), Gov
| ernor Gage and wife, Hon. J. H. Neff
I and lady, Hon. Thomas Flint and wife,
Hon. H. E. Wright and wife, Hon. A.
Anderson and wife, Hon. W. Davis and
wife, Miss Eastman and escort, Miss
Burns and escort, Governor's staff.
General Dickinson and staff, General
Muller and staff, General Warfield and
j staff. General Last and staff, elective
! officers, H. E. Yardley and wife (floor
j director Senate), floor managers (As
i sembly), Mayor Land and lady, floor
! director (Senate), floor managers (Sen
| ate), Senators, Assemblymen, recep-
I tion committee, executive committee.
| From the Senate chamber back to
I the Assembly the long procession made
j its way, winding back and forth across
j the latter chamber until the floor was
I filled with dancers. It was a brilliant
; j scene, the great floor covered with
, i snowy- canvas, the bright hued dra
i peries in galleries and balconies. Pot
| ted plants and ferns were banked up
; j around the music stand, which was
placed over the Speaker's platform.
Rows of beautiful women, unable to
secure a place on the floor, were ranged
around the walls.
Governor and Mrs. Gage, Lieutenant
Governor Neff and Miss Johnson, Mr.
and Mrs. Davis and Senator and Mrs.
Flint formed the Governor's set in the
quadrille that concluded the grand
march, but they did not dance. They
merely stood in place until the measure
was finished and then the Governor and
Mrs. Gage took station in one corner
of the chamber and held a reception,
while Lieutenant Governor Neff and
Miss Johnson received on the opposite
side of the chamber. Mrs. Gage was
radiant and won the hearts of all who
were presented to her.
After the opening dance all
sought to enjoy themselves according
to their own inclinations and while
many found pleasure in dancing in one
or the other of the two chambers, by
far the most of the guests preferred
-to promenade up and down the corri
dors or watching the proceedings from
the balconies.
At 11 o'clock the Governor's party,
Governor's staff, General Dickinson and
staff and the Senators and Assembly
men with their ladies were escorted to
the banquet tables, where this menu
was served:
Hot Bouillon.
Eastern Oysters
Cold Ham, Turkey, Chicken, Tongue,
//; Veal.
Olives, Celery, Pickles.
Sandwiches — Butter, Cheese and Ham.
Vanilla Ice Cream. Orange Water Ice. ,
Assorted Cakes.
.._..._ Coffee -
Fruit, Bananas and Apples.
After these had withdrawn the tables
were reset and the invited guests were
served. For two hours 'he waiters were
driven frantic by the demands of hun
gry revelers for something to eat, and I
those who were among the last to reach
the tables fared rather meagerly. But
though supper was scarce pleasure was !
plentiful and the ball did not break up :
until early this morning.
Altogether the ball was a pronounced
success, for although few of the society
people of San Francisco came up to
attend it, every other section of the
State was represented by its best peo
ple. The affair reflected great credit
upon those who had it in charge, as '
follows :
Executive committee— Hon. William
Land (chairman), T. W. Sheehan, D. W.
Carmichael, George H. Clark, Eugene
Aram. F. D. Ryan. Fred Cox. William
Beckman, W. J. Hall, Herman Grau,
Thomas Scott. C. M. Beckwith, Dwight
Miller, D. McKay, H. Weinstock. W. H.
Govan, C. K. McClatchy, J. W. Hughes.
Robert T. Devlin. Talbot Wallis, William
McLaughlin, Gus S. Turner, J. W. Wil
son. Frank T. Johnson, G. C. Simmons,
J. M. Henderson Jr., E. W. Hale, T. W.
Helntzelman, George F. Melster, Emmet
Phillips, H. E. Tardley, A. W. Morrison. ;
T. W. O'Neill, James B. Devine. J. B.
Wright, Ed R. Hamilton, Thomas Fox.
Peter J. Shields. F. B. Adams. TV". A.
Anderson. E. ('. Hart, F. F. Tebbets, J.
N. Larkin, J. H. Batcher. Al Lindley, H.
C. Bell. C. W. Haub. Hugh Casey. L. B.
Mohr, F. T. Dwyer, F. Ruhstaller, S.
Luke Home (secretary).
Reception committee— H. Weinstock,
chairman: Al Lindley, secretary-; Martin
Aguirre, Hon. S. N. Androus, Sam Ayer,
Colonel F. E. Beck, R. I. Bentley. Major
T. H. Bernard. John Breuner. Colonel D.
M. Burns, Hugh M. Burke. J. B. Bushnell,
F. S. Chadbourne. H. Choynski, William
Cluff, Dan Cole, William A. Deane, S. E.
Denson, M. J. Dillman, William J. Dutton,
George W. Elder. E. J. Ellis, T. J. Field. .
Frank Flint, J. B. Fuller, Colonel A. G. j
Gassen, Colonel J. W. Guthrie, A. J.
Hechtman, S. J. Hendy, A. B. Hotchkis»,
Colonel J. R. Howell, Hiram Johnson, J.
T. Jones, Carl Kaufman, W. F. Kennedy,
Robert Kern, Paris Kilburn, H. L Ko2
...INCIDENTS OF THE INAUGURAL BALL...
•walskv. Frank Lane, J. B. Lankershim,
Gus Lavenson. W. M. Lawler, B. W. Lee,
•L. L. Lewis. D. A. Lindley, Henry Lind
lev, G. W. Mi Near, C. A. Messerve, Gen
eral M. W. Muller. George W. Newhall,
J. W. Off. M. T. Owens. W. F. Parker,
General' R. L. Peeler. O. A. Perkins. W. F.
Purnell, Tom Rlordan, William F.
Boeder. Sam Rucker, F. K. Rule. E. W.
Runvon, Irving M. Scott, Frank Short.
William M. Sims, M. H. Smith, Charles
Sonntag. George B. Spefry, K. D. Ste
phens, E. T. Stimson. Colonel George
Stone, Judge C. N. Sterry. W. J. Sullivan,
J. W. Taggart. J. B. Terry, T. N. Wil
liams Jr.. B. Wilson, Colonel J. B. Wright
and Colonel J. S. Young.
GOOD TASTE WAS
SHOWN IN GOWNS
'. CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
.■ MENTO, Jan. -Good taste as a rule
characterized the gowns of the ladies that
graced the Governor's ball, and there
were all sorts and conditions of frocks ,
' from the tailor-made street gown to the
decollete and sleeveless confection of the
' ' metropolitan modiste.
Those who adopted the apparel society
. demands for an important function way
.'ered between the low neck and bare
shoulders of the "full dress "and the ele
•'• gain reception gown. None of the eos
: tumes were startling. No one* who at
tended, the ball is destined to had the
■•.''fashion; though nearly all may pride
themselves as good and artistic dressers.
.• *! Jewels were rare and well worn. A few
* ' glittered on full matronly throats and an
,'. .equally small numb' gleamed In the coif
/'•.furos, but as a rule the gems, like the
•. Wine at the banquet, were conspicuous by
. their absent
. . As was to have been expected the wife
'. -of the Governor was the observed of all ■
• -observers and her toilette was such as to i
leave the most critical nothing to carp at. j
• The gown was of white satin, brocaded
In silver. Around the bottom of the jupe
was a flounce of exquisite point. A bertha
of the same lace ornamented the cordage
and fell in a full ruff around the neck
and shoulders. A star and aigrette of
diamonds were worn in the high coiffure.
Mrs. I>. M. Burns, owing to her recent
accident, was unable to attend the inaug
ural ball, but Miss Rowena appeared with
the Governor's- party. Her gown was of
•white fluffy Illusion ova; white taffeta
The skirt, cut en train, *Tas trimmed with
tlve ruffles of illusion edged with satin
cord, set in about the height of the knee.
It was perfectly plain over the hips, and
the placquel was closed with tiny ro
settes of illusion. The decollete waist was
also trimmed with the satin edged ruffles.
Miss Burns' cloak was of pink velvet,
trimmed with white fox fur and pompoms
of pink Illusion, Ornaments diamonds.
"Mrs. W. P. Coleman wore a gown of
heavy white brocade. The skirt was en
train, and an overskirt effect was formed
by silver-spangled illusion brocaded with
raised figures of gold and edged with a
i wide flounce of real point lace. Below the
overskirt fell a flounce of daintily
spangled chiffon. The decollete waist
was entirely covered with the silver
spangled chiffon and edged with real lace.
Ornaments, diamonds and pearls.
- Mrs. William Packman of Sacramento
was resplendent in her dress of yellow
brocaded satin trimmed with chenille em
broidery. Skirt en train. The decollete
waist, with front of white chiffon, was
embroidered with rhlnestones and span
gles of gold and draped with point lace.
Her ornaments were diamonds, a diamond
aigrette shining in her blonde hair.
Mrs. William Cluff wore a pale yellow
brocade, with trimming of white and gold j'
• passementerie, and the skirt, en train, '
J showed the latest tight-fitting cut, having j
.- a flounce of white chiffon. The front of
; the skirt was one mass of gold and white j
" embroidery. The waist was decollete.
. • Diamond ornaments.
Mrs. C. S. Laumelster, wife of the well
known Railroad Commissioner, wore
white silk. The skirt, of the latest cut,
was profusely trimmed with ruffles of
silk and chiffon. The decollete waist had
a richly embroidered chiffon front and
diamond ornaments added the finishing
touch to this handsome costume.
Miss Medora Taylor— Rainbow silk with
chiffon, decollete: pearls.
Mrs. L. I. Mowry— Pink brocaded satin,
trimmed with pink chiffon; diamonds and
rubles. '■.." /
Mrs. Dr. Taylor— Brown silk, trimmed I
with white. I
Mrs. Colonel Edward Hamilton— lvory '
— ___,|
QUADRILLE IN THE SENATE CHAMBER.
i brocaded satin and point lace. Dia
, monds.
. Miss Dwyer— White silk, trimmed with
forget-me-nots; pearls.
Mrs. Senator ; lawyer— Yellow brocade
with Jet bands; diamonds.
. .. Mrs. William Deane — Yellow satin and
"White lace.
• Miss Marie Cator— Pink silk.
Mrs. K. G. Woodworth— Red chiffon,
edged with white valenciennes.
Mrs. E. I. Wolfe— Black net over red.
Mrs. Dr. Crowley— White watered Bilk
zouave of white point embroidered with
jewels; diamonds and pearls.
'' .Miss 1.. Newman— Gray Dresden silk
• with green velvet.
° Mrs. Dr. Clow— Pale blue brocaded silk
with black velvet; diamonds and pearls.
Miss Clara Schuster— Pale pink silk
'combined with white chiffon; pearls and
violets.
.Miss Helen Howe— White silk with
point lace, decollete, en train.
Mrs. Hal Smith— Pearl gray silk
 .combined with white chiffon and em
broidered In silver; diamonds and pearls.
Mrs. J. A. Persy— Pink brocaded satin
cut decollete; diamonds.
.Miss Nellie A. Sullivan, San Francisco-
Black Brussels net over black satin, em
broidered with turquoise; diamonds.
. Mrs. George W. Elder— White silk and
chiffon; pearls.
•'Miss J. Snook— chiffon over
white poplin; pearls. ' ''. v
Mrs. 1,. R. Werkes— White and pink
chiffon over white silk.
Mrs. G. E. S. Wise— and pink
Dresden silk, trimmed with pink silk and
black lace; pearls. ,* .-.;;■- ■:;', ■* "-...
Mrs. F. B. Meserve— Pale green silk,
heliotrope velvet and point lace; pearls.
Mrs. Major Mclaughlin— Yellow bro
caded satin, profusely trimmed' with
black point; diamonds.
Miss McLaughlin— Black net over black
silk, ruffles edged with jet; pearls.
Miss Juliet Sander— White dotted mull
over pink silk; pearls and carnations.
Mrs. W. J. Wells— Yellow China crepe,
brocaded with red and trimmed with yel
low chiffon : pearls.
Mrs. James E. Britt— BlacK Chantilly
over black satin, white satin front em
broidered in gold; diamonds.
Miss Cora Watkins -Biack tailor.
Mis. <;. B. Van Dyne, San Francisco-
Black and pink lace.
Miss Anna Watkins— White organdy
over pink silk.
Mrs. A. Muenter— Pale yellow Dresden
silk; diamonds.
Mrs. W. F. Hunt— Lavender satin on
point lace.
Mrs. S. C. Denson— Black brocaded sat
in, point lace; diamonds.
Mrs. W. P. Terry— White silk and mull.
Mrs. J, Kellogg— Blue striped mull over
pale blue silk, lace yoke; diamonds.
Mrs. Fred Mason— Green and white
striped null over white silk: diamonds.
Mrs. .1. J. C. Fitzgerald— gray silk
and pink velvet.
Miss Georgie Morse. San Francisco-
White brocaded silk; diamond tiara.
Mrs. Hiram ionsorv-Black net embroid
ered in jet, stock of pink velvet.
Mrs. Louis Bruner— White silk.
Miss Jeanette Birdsall— mull over
pink silk.
Mrs. H. W. Freund— White silk moire;
diamonds.
Miss Sibyl Morehouse— White chiffon
over white satin; red roses.
Miss Etta Birdsall— Pale pink chiffon
over pink silk; diamonds.
Miss Anna Lee Hall— White chiffon over
white silk.
Miss Dora Saunders— Pearl gray silk,
trimmed with crimson baby ribbons.
Mrs. A. Underwood— net over red
silk.
Mrs. Senator Morehouse— Black em
broidered net over yellow satin.
Mrs. Dr. Metcalf— Pale green chiffon.
Mrs. M. E. Knox— Black over yellow.
Mrs. A. B. Hotchkiss— Black net over
green.
Mrs. J. B. Curton— White silk and
chiffon.
Mrs. W. C. Curtiss— Black net with steel
spangles.
Miss Edith Miller— White mull over
cerise silk
Miss Minnie Ebner— Pink dotted mull
over pink silk, :■...■.: . n .
Mrs. H. Mlttau— White satin and chif
fon: diamonds.
Miss Camllle Clark— Red brocaded silk
and white lace.
Mrs. H. Thorp— Black satin with stock
and belt of white satin and steel beads.
Mrs. Charles Bachman— Black brocaded
satin; diamonds. ■- - : --<-y
Miss E. Maxwell of Los Angeles— White
brocade and point lace; diamonds.
Miss Elizabeth Chapman— Pink silk.
Miss Jessie Tufts— Dresden organdie
over pink silk.
Miss Edith Tufts— Pink silk and pink
chiffon.
Mrs. L. MacDougall of Los Angeles—
I White satin and point lace.
Mrs. E. C. Thompson— Black silk and
white lace; diamonds.
Miss Biewener— Dainty blue mull with
white lace yoke, stock and belt of blue
satin ribbons.
Mrs. J. 11. Heltman— Black satin, white
front, embroidered with Jet; diamonds.
Miss Alma Heitman — White mull
trimmed with black lace.
Mrs. Adoiph Schell— Blue organdie, satin
stock and collar.
Miss May Carroll— Black taffeta and
' jet.
Mrs. M. J. Wright— Gray brocaded satin
and lavender velvet; diamonds.
Miss Daisy Mayberry— Tourquolse blue
i satin.
Mrs. M. Corey— Red velvet, steel trim
ming.
Mrs. H. B. Hunt— Black lace over white
and green silk; diamonds.
Miss E. Hunt—Red silk and pearls.
. Mrs. J. F. Moroney— Pale blue brocaded:
1 diamonds.
Mrs. C. M. Post— Pale yellow silk and
i point lace.
; Mrs. Ed 11. McKee— Costume, purple and
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JA^UAET 10, 1899.
; white stuffed silk with white lace; orna
; ments, diamonds.
MJss <;. Weiseman— Red organdie and
> black velvet. ... .
Mrs. •H. c. Chipman— Gray silk and
I black lace. .7.  •
Mrs. A. Stevenson— White mull over
i blue. I l .
Mrs. L. Denson— Blue silk with red vel
vet.
Miss A. Lewis— White chiffon over pale
pink silk. , .>, 
Mrs. A. Loumettl— White satin and chif
fon, embroidered with steel.
Mrs. T. Dwyer— Yellow silk and black
velevet. . „
Mrs. J. H. Gray— Blue satin and chiffon.
Miss Daisy Conroy— Pink mull over pink
: silk; pearls. ' ,~ ... ...
Miss Olive Donellen— Black silk with
white chiffon. , ,
Miss Grace Anderson— Black lace over
black satin. , ,
Miss Josephine Todman— Pink silk over
1 white chiffon. _' , ... ...
Mrs. Robert McCreary*-Pink Bill- with
i lace yoke. _ ,  „_
Miss Etta Steinman— Pink mull over
pink silk. _ „ „,.„
Mrs. Frank Bergman— satin
and pearl trimmings. , „ ..
Mrs. George Jackson— White mull; dia
i monds. __ ;. „ _ -
Miss Pauline Meister— White mull and
3 Mrs. Douglas Lindley-Lavender bro
cade, trimmed with deeper lavender vel
vet; diamonds. , , ___
Mrs. E. G. Carrera— Black net over
green silk; diamonds. .
Miss Emily Witsemann— Pale blue bro
; cade and pearl passementerie; pearls ' ar ,^
" Mrs. Locklan MacLean-Black and
, white striped silk: stock and belt of
crimson velvet; diamonds. „_„_,,;,,,
Mrs. F. C. Camera— brocaded
satin with diamonds. , _„_
Miss C. White— Pale green mull over
Mlss S M k White-Blue silk, trimmed with
Miss !°Gerber-White silk, trimmed
■ ni.U W Emma n th-White moussline de
! Miss Emma Groth- White moussllne de
sole over Ivory' satin. __,*•-.
Mrs Bentley— Yeilow brocaded satin,
| ?MUs?Alil'e Sheehan-Plnk figured India
istlW
Mrs E. R. Vineyard. Sico, Placer
County— Black satin with front of em
broidered white satin; diamonds.
Mrs. Senator John J. Boyce- Pale yel
low brocaded satin, richly trimmed with
point lace; diamonds.
Miss Mollie Brown— Black satin em
broidered in steel: diamonds.
Mrs. Sidney Hall— satin and
green velvet; diamonds. . ■■•-„-
Mrs. E. P. Colgan— Pink brocaded silk
and lace.
Miss H. Lavenßon— Dresden silk with
pale lavender satin ribbon.
Mrs. Emmet Phillips— and white
figured silk. ■_•
A PARTIAL LIST
OF THE GUESTS
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 9.— was about Bp. m.
when those attending the ball commenced
to arrive at the Capitol. From then on
until 10:30 they continued to come. At no
time was there any great crush at the
entrance. Nearly all the guests passed
up the north stairway, for some unknown
reason entirely neglecting to use the
south stairway, upon which there appar
ently rested a boycott.
Among those in attendance were the
following ladies and gentlemen:
George T. Schaffer, Miss E. Wright,
Mrs. J. M. Henderson Jr., C. N. Thomp
son and wife, C. J. Titus and wife, Albert
Searl and wife of Los Angeles, the Misses
Dake, D. J. Long and wife, O. B. Sage
and wife, Miss Belle McGuire, Sperrv Dye
and daughter of Walnut Grove. F. ii.
Kreb and wife, Frank Whltmore. Senator
F. W. Burnett and wife of San Francisco,
A. J. Hechtman and wife, T. H. Lynch.
' Miss Van Meter. Guy B. Barham of Los
• Angeles, T. H. Williams of San Francisco,
Mrs. p. Alexander, Joseph Terry and
wife, G. W. Elder and wife, Mrs. J.
Beasy, Eugene Aram, Miss Helen Sun
derland Howe, S. Luke Howe. Miss N.
AY. Taylor.. Senator J; N. Gillette I and
wife, Dr. A. M. Henderson and wife, Mr.
and Mrs. Descher, A. M. Fisher, Dr.
Crowley and wife of Oakland. W. P. Cole
man and wife of San Francisco, J. C. Sim
mons, Miss Maud Martin. W. E. Laro,
Senator S. M. Bettman, Miss Bettman,
Thomas McDermott of San Francisco,
Mrs. D. W. Higgins, Miss L. Love. George
J. Llnflenfeld and wife, Mrs. W. H. Wood,
Miss Lotta Gray, W. F. Roeder of San
Francisco, Miss Lillie Roeder, Secretary
of State Charles Curry, J. H. Fitzgerald,
Miss Minerva Curry, J. H. Fitzgerald.
{• J- Trainor and wife, Mrs. Werneke,
}*„• l-S right and wife. Miss Nellie Gray,
W. t. Maggard and wife, Mrs. Andrew
Simpson, Mrs. Fred Ellis, Mrs. J. F.
. _ 4< ?P d _- W - E * Lovdall, Miss Mabel Lov-
I dall, Mrs. Colonel J. S. Young and daugh
te I. ot Sa J Francisco, G. W. Scott and
wife, 11. E. Yardley and wife, J. H. Ste
vens and wife, W. H. Govan and wife.
G. B. Keller, Miss Emma Freteh, Ed
ward Anderson, W. A. White, F. W.
Blanchard, Miss J. A. Birdsall, Mrs.
Elliott. Mrs E. R. Hamilton, James O.
Townsend of San Francisco. O. A. Stev
ens of - os Angeles, Assemblyman V-. .il
ium Mead and wife of Los Angeles, Sen
*-.'■"''., N. Bulla and wife of Los Angeles,
H. E. Wright and wife, R. Benjamin of
. Brand- o, Miss Conroy of San Fran
«?.•?,°,* Mis " Alice Stevenson, Robert Smith,
William Johnston and wife, Mrs. Thomas
W isman, I. R. Bemly. Miss Nicholson, F.
V. Klesel, F. J. Brandon. F. E. Dunlap
and wife of Stockton, Dr. W. I. Terry and
i W»f« of San Francisco, Assemblyman J.
M. Miller and wife of Los Angeles, Mrs.
E. P. Castelline of Los Angeles, Miss
Denson, R. W. Van Norden, F. C. Shuller,
Miss Edith Tufts, B. L. Dray and wife,
btate Printer A. J. Johnston and wife, J.
H. Dolan and wife, A. Anderson and wife,
■ \\ . A. Frost of Chicago, Clarke Howard
'of Placerville, Miss Elena Mcßeath,
Thomas Dwyer and wife, Miss Chapman,
; Homer McKee, Mrs. E. McKee. E. Bird
sail. Miss Birdsall, Miss Blair, E. M.
I: en, Miss Edna Lewis, Miss Alice Lewis,
Charles G. Ban!., Mayor William Land,
Mrs. J. L. Flanagan, Miss Annie Keys,
Mrs. L. R. Young, J. H. Gray and wife,
Clinton L. White and wife, Captain T. B.
Hall and wife, Miss Embrlght Wallace,
Miss Etta Wallace, William McLaughlin,
wife and daughter. Senator C. M. Simp
son and wife, H. G. Simpson. Miss G. E.
Mathews of Pasadena, Mrs. W. B. Lard
ner, Miss Juliet Sander, Assemblyman L.
H. Valentine and wife of Los Angeles,
Paris Kilburne and wife, Dr. Fred Kest
ler, li L. Pace, Mrs. Dr. Rodney of Chico,
John C. Lynch, Assemblyman F. P. Feliz
and wife of Monterey, H. Z. Osborne of
Los Angeles.
Clarence Flint, Miss D. Mayberry, Miss
M. Corey, Dr. R. E. Smith, Miss M. Sin
clair, Lawrence Hocy, Miss M. Kelly,
Miss M. O'Brien, Dr. S. O'Brien, J. H.
O'Learv of Modesto, Mrs. L. C. Ross,
Miss Maggie Sweeny. Gus Francis, Mrs.
Boker of Oakland, G. E. Crowthers, J.
V. Powers, I". V. Keesllng, Robert Kern
of ' Los Angeles, Assemblyman C. W.
Merritt of Santa Barbara, H. W. Miller
and wife, J. A. Moynahan and wife. Miss
Edith Lynn, T. J. Laird, Thomas J. Kirk
and wife, Miss Dora Kirk, F. Lane and
wife, J. H. Dungan, Clark Albertl of San
Diego, H. J. Kilgariff and wife, J. L.
Haverlan, Miss Cora Watkins, W. c.
Curtis and wife, Mrs. Knox, Miss Clara
Schuster, W. ('. Wickwire, C, Renschler,
Frank Ruhstaller, wife and daughter,
Mrs. A. Underwood, T. Frank McGrath
and wife of Los Angeles, F. 11. Short and
wife of Fresno, Dr. Clow and wife of San
Francisco, Senator 11. V. Morehouse and
wife of San Jose, Colonel A. B. Hotch
kiss and Wife of Los Angeles, A. C.
Vigi es of Los Angeles, Dr. T. J. White,
H. Buckman and wife, Miss Lenoir, Sen
ator J. F. Davis and Wife, J. B. Curten
and wife, W. H. Cobb *n*l wife, Mr. and
Mrs. C. J. Wilding, K. K. Taylor, Jos
eph Mann, N. F. Coombs, S. Wacholder,
Miss Edith Miller, .William Diersen, Hol
sey G. L. Smith, Isidor Alexander, W. J.
White, F. C. Trainor. General T. W.
Sheehan, John Kelly Senator J. J. Luch
singer. Miss Lulu Luchsinger, Norman
Kooser. Miss Morehouse, A. P. Maginnis
of -Los Angeles, J. J. Hume and. wife of
Los Angeles, Senator Hoey and wife, W.
J. White, Frank Miller and wife, Dr. G. C.
Simmons and wife of Santa Monica, Sen
ator T. J. Jones and daughter, C. O. Wel
lock, H. M. Burke and wife. Miss Mehan,
F. N. Miller and Wife, Mrs. -Joseph
Knowland, Mr. and' 'Mrs. C. K. Llpp
mann, T. N. Heffron and wife, Mrs. H.
W. Freund, ( '. S. " Laumeister of San
Francisco, F. T. Johnson and wife. Her
*. cv Lindley and wife. Major William
Cluff and wife, W. L. Ford, Major and
Mrs. Frank McLaughlin, Miss Agnes Mc-
Laughlin, S. J. Rucker, H. S. Wanzer,
Miss Jean Graham of Santa Cruz, Sena
tor Simpson and wife, H. G. Simpson,
Miss Gertrude E. Mathews of Pasadena,
H. Mitau and wife, C. C. Robinson and
wife, William C. Rodgers, Miss Etta
Clark of Sacramento, Assemblyman
Devoto, M. H. Owen and wife of Sacra
mento, Colonel I. A. Robey, Miss Dick
son, B. M. Lelong and wife, F. C. Welch
and wife of Sacramento, Senator Charles
M. Shortrldge of San Jose, Miss Alice
flass.tt. W. J, Hassett of Sacramento,
Miss Zellerbach of San Francisco, Mrs.
J. M. Rodgers of Sacramento, Hon.
Frank Coombs and wife. Hon. J. C.
Lynch of Napa, J. G. Gas Kill and wife,
Senator and Mrs. E. I. Wolf, Mrs. O. H.
trill. Miss Merrill of San Francisco,
Miss Dennis of Sacramento, Frank E.
Lane and wife of Sacramento. ;
Senator Langford and the Misses Hop
kins of Stockton, J. B. Lankershim of Los
Angeles, Edward O'Nell, G. A. Byron of
Sacramento: Hon. Thomas V. Cator and
wife, Miss Cator, Mrs. Houghton, of oan
Francisco; A. Dennison and wife. Mrs.
Hunt, Sacramento; C. E. Swezey, Marys
ville, and Miss Lemon, San Francisco; As
semblyman A. E. Muenter and wife, S. J. (
Dillon, S. G. Smith, Miss Alice Dray, Sac- j
ramento; Fred Hammer Jr. and wife, San '
Francisco; Mrs. Williams Coalsby, A.
Camlnetti and wife, Mr. and Mrs. Arthur
Seymour. Chief of Police, and Mrs.
Dwyer. Mrs. H. Clay Chipman, A. Bird
sail, Miss Birdsall, Miss Blair, bacra
mento; Senator Doty, Joseph Gray and
wife. Dr. 11. E. Reed, Miss Emma Hunt,
Judge Root, George B. Loveland, Sacra
mento; Mrs. J. F. Moroney, San Francisco;
G. W. Gutherie and wife, J. W. Taggart
and wife. Santa Barbara; Miss Elizabeth
Payne, Miss Ethel Birch, Duluth, Minn.;
W. F. Boeder, Miss Lillie Roeder, John
F. Batcher, Assemblyman 11. Brown and
wife. William Elder. Judge Holl, Miss
Cornwall, M. S. Levinson, Mrs. S. Levin
son, Miss Helen Levinson, Miss Sarah
Levinson, F. F. Tibbits and wife, Sacra
mento; Assemblyman Burnette, W. H.
Cobb, C. B. Jllson, W. H. Laßaree and
wife, R. S. Raw and wife and Miss Raw,
J. B. Sanford, W. S. Robinson, Speaker
pro tern, and Mrs. Alden Anderson, George
G. Radcliffe and wife, John Fairweather
and wife, Walter S. Melllck, A. S. Milice
and wife, L. R. Works and wife, Richard
Col ver and wife, L. S. Upson, Miss Evelyn
Upson, H. I. Llchner and wife, A. Meis
ter and wife, J. H. Beecher and wife,
James L. Tucker and wife, Ed M. Shee
han and wife, "i
Mrs. H. K. Wallace, Miss Mac Con
nelly. Charles S. King and wife, T. E.
Wright and wife, Miss Minnie Maxwell,
of Los Angeles, L. A. Henry and wife of
San Francisco, Fred Mason and wife,
Robert T. Devlin and wife of Sacramento,
Miss Mamie Driscoll of San Francisco,
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell and wife, Mrs. Car
roll of San Francisco, W. E. Briggs and
wife, Mrs. Rldeout, George L. Shafer
and wife. Assemblyman G. D. Marvin of
Blue Lakes, O. H. Huber and wife of Los
Angeles, Miss Thomas, Judge C. N. Post. j
Adjutant General and Mrs. Peeler, Mabel
I, Nichols, Ammon (.May. R. I. Bentley of
i Sacramento, H. S. Blood arid wife of An
gels Camp, William Curtis and wife, A.
A. McKean and wife. T. L. Enright and
wife, J. G. Black, the Misses Black, Katie
Bateman, S. H. Farley and wife of Sac
ramento, M. W. Morgan and wife. Wil
liam M. Petril and wife, W. F. Peterson
and wife of Sacramento, 11. J. Hendy ana
wife, John Bouse and wife of San Fran
cisco, Miss Blanche Cronan, T. Kennedy
and wife, C. W. Merritt and wife, Aleck
Morrison and wife, E. F. Casper and wife,
Senator S. C. Smith, Mrs. McCoy of Sac
ramento. J. H. Roberts and wife, R. de
Lancey, Miss Maud Melville, D. H. Miller
and wife, A. S. Greenlaw and wife, the
Misses Amy and Edna Greenlaw, Mrs. •
W. E. Terry, Mrs. E. C. Thompson of
Pennsylvania, Mrs. E. M. Solly of San
Francisco, George P. York. Miss Lou
York, Miss Ella Sherman, J. H. Helt
mann and wife. Miss Heltmann, Mrs
Torpp, Miss Bevener of Sacramento,
Louis Levy, Miss Louise Veiller, Mrs.
Fischer of San Francisco, Charles M
Campbell of Sacramento, Mrs. W. H
Protheroe of Swansea, Wales, James
Strachan, Mrs. P. J. Harney.
Miss Blanche Ryan of San Francisco, F
C. Chlnn and wife, J. W. Guthrie and
wife, Miss Guthrie, Senator D. H. Troutt
of Santa Cruz, P. Schell and wife, R. C
McCreary and wife, George W. Jackson
and wife, R. P. Burr and wife, C. B
Brown and wife. Miss Bradley, Claus
Anderson and wife, General Sheehan and
wife of Sacramento, Mrs. William H
Mills Miss Delia Mills of San Francisco"
F. Xm er^P. d wife, E. G. Carera and
wife. Miss Wltzman, Mrs. F. Alexander
of Sacramento, W. B. Vineyard and wife
of Cisco, M Brook, Miss S. Gerber, A.
Willi -y. C. White,. Miss White, Hiram
Johnson and wife, Mrs. George A. Morse,
T. J. O'Brien and wife. William M. Hen
derson and wife. C. Biauih, Miss Minnie
Blauth, George Morgan, Mrs: E. J. Rum
mell, Miss Sarah J. Morgan, Miss Kane,
Senator Boyce and wife. F. Harmon Mc-
Connell, J. J. C. Fitzgerald, Senator Hall,
Miss Mollie Brown, E. Steinman and wife,
M. Blaekstock and wife, Colonel William
Cluff and Wife, Senator E. W. Chapman,
Miss Minnie Shay, Howell Clark, Miss
Evelyn Peaven, Miss Elsie Smith, Mrs.
James Plunkett, Mrs. Harry Butler, Mrs.
Bell, Mrs. Emma Muller of Sacramento,
PORTIONS OF THE BANQUET HALL.
Hon. Frank Short, General Muller and
wife of Fresno. ; i ' ■- ' ; .
ARTISTIC WERE
THE DECORATIONS
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
mento, Jan. 9.— A clinging to the rules
that have now the approval of genera-
tions and bear the appreciative stamp of
always trustworthy tradition marked the
efforts of the decorators that were ex
pected to make the Capitol look beautiful
and deck it in its ball dress. Potted j
palms, always reliable and effective, were
used with effect and discretion. They
lined the hallways and grand staircases
and were distributed with impartiality
throughout the chambers that were
placed at the disposal of the guests. *
In the Senate chamber and the sanctum
of the Assemblymen the decorator put
forth his noblest efforts, and if he did not
altogether cover himself with glory, suc
ceeded in hiding the walls of both rooms
with countless yards of colored bunting.
The colors of old Castile struck the key
not in the Senate chamber. There were
rumors that the Governor, in a burst of
sympathy and pride— sympathy for the
oppressed Philippines and pride in the
policy of expansion— suggested the yellow
and red effects; but It Is more than pos
sible that the mural timings (red and
gold) w r ere accountable for the blending
of the Spanish colors. At any rate, the
yellow and red made an effective decora
tion, the brightness of which did much to
lessen the systematic and geometrical
arrangement of the bunting. :...:--
The streamers festooned the gallery rail
and draped the high windows. Cordons
of. smilax accentuated the festooning,
from regular Intervals of which depended
a line of greenery supporting a pendant
basket of ferns. In front of the presi
dent's desk was a platform converted by
means of potted plants into a miniature
forest. Here the musicians were con
cealed, and their sweet strains came float
ing as from the depths of a thickly wood
ed sylvan glade.
Over the president's desk and the arch
way of the main entrance Old Glory float
ed, surmounted by the bird of freedom.
In the corner were "little cozy nooks,"
corners for confidential chats and the
exchange of telltale glances. Colored
globes capped the great chandeliers, shed
ding over the entire scene a soft, beauti
fying light. . ,
In the Assembly room the same flare
of decorations prevailed, with the excep
tion that pink and green were the pre
vailing colors. The unevenness of th"
pink and the natural antipathy of the
green of the decorations and the emerald
tints of the hangings in the chamber gave
a pretty effect to the ensemble.
At the banquet board no effort was
made to achieve the artistic, and primitive
arrangements prevailed. The service was
clean and comfortable. The tumblers held
full measure of icewater and economy
was not apparent in the coffee cups. As
far as comfort, everything was done to
take care of the guests. The dressing
rooms were comfortable and well lighted
and mirrors were placed in every conceiv
able place. The illumination of the entire
Capitol lent to the whole that festive ap
pearance that even the lack of champagne
could not dim.
;
IMPORTANT BILLS
FOR SAN FRANCISCO
Senator Braunhart Is Looking
After the Water Front
and the Schools.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 9.— Two o'clock to-morrow
li the hour set for the first introduction
of bills In the Senate and nearly every
member has a trunkful of proposed
! laws of every conceivable description
which they purpose to present at the
j very earliest opportunity.
Senator Braunhart of San Francisco
I has, among other bills, two measures
which will go in on the first flood, of es
pecial Interest to the metropolis. One is
for the Improvement of the harbor front,
while the second provides for a State
Normal School.
The first is a "bill to provide for the
construction of a. seawall and thorough
fare along the watut* front of San Fran
cisco and to provide issuance of bonds
amounting to '11,000,000 therefor, and for
the submission thereof to the voters of
the State at the next general election."
These bonds are to be issued In series of
$200,000, and the funds are to be used
when needed from time to time for the
proposed improvement.
Senator Braunhart maintains that the
inroads made upon piles by the teredo 1
are such that no wharf under present
conditions can last for more than' five !
years. "There is at present an authorized '•
expenditure of $6500 a month or there- 1
abouts for urgent repairs alone, to say
nothing of the*. vast amount expended by
contract to keep the wharves, piers and
docks In fair condition. The extension
of the seawall along the entire water
front will obviate in a great measure
this expenditure, and the money now de
voted to repairs can ultimately be used
for the construction of a belt road along
the entire water front over the thorough
fare, to be created.
"Such a seawall and belt road would
be a vast saving to the commerce of the
port, besides enabling, the Harbor Com
missioners to reduce the charges for
tolls and practically making San Fran
cisco a free port."
The bonds will bear 6 per cent Interest
and will cover a period of forty years.
The funds for the redemption of the bonds
and the payment of the Interest thereon
are to be set aside monthly from the re
ceipts and placed In the harbor improve
ment fund, thus creating a sinking fund
for the purpose. None of the money to
be used for the work is to come out of
any State fund to be drawn from the
treasury in any manner, so that the con
struction of the improvements will be
without cost to the taxpayers.
Senator Braunhart introduced a similar
bill at the last session, but it failed
through a pocket veto at the hands of
Governor Budd. The Governor gave as
his reason for not signing it that the bill
provided for the publication of the pro
posed act in two newspapers in each
county of the State, making the expense
of advertising altogether too great.
Braunhart has overcome that objection
by providing in the present measure that
it shall be published only In the San
Francisco, Sacramento, Stockton, Fres
no and Los Angeles papers, and hopes
thereby to have It receive the executive
indorsement now.
Senator Braunhart's second pet meas
ure is a bill appropriating JISO.OOO for the
construction and equipment of a "State
Normal School in San Francisco. The
author said to-day that "the metropolis
pays nearly one-third of the taxes of the
entire State, and while its legislators'
have ever been ready to appropriate pub
lic funds for the maintenance of State
institutions in various sections of the
State, San Francisco has received little
h a& e * a & ?, State buildings except the
Affiliated Colleges.
"San Francisco to-day maintains a Nor
mal School at her own expense as a part
of her public school system, and its grad
uates are numerous in the interior schools
as teachers. This school Is necessarily
Inadequate to the needs of the city and
those who are desirous of taking advan
tage of a normal course ought not to be
compelled to go to some distant part of
the State for the purpose of fitting them
selves for a teacher's career
"My bill provides that the Board of
Education of San Francisco shall select
a . site . for the Normal School building
without expense to the State
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets All
i™^!"" refund the money if It falls fo pure.
26c. The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet
EUROPE'S RESPECT FOR
UNCLE SAM INCREASES
Why Austria-Hungary Is Raising
Her Legation at Washington
to an Embassy.
LONDON, Jan. The "Vienna corre
spondent of the Times says: The delay
on the. part of Austria-Hungary in raising '
the legation in Washington to an embassy :
has probably been largely due to finan
cial considerations and to the fact that
Austria-Hungary has had smaller Inter
ests in the United States than the other \
powers. The recent accentuation of
the American foreign policy has undoubt
edly counted for something in the mat- '
ter. , y;, r -vy
Prior to the war the tendency was to re- '
gard the United States as Incapable of
expansion, owing to the impression that
their naval resources were insufficient.
The achievements of the American. war
-1 ships against Spain so surprised, people
and possibly not very agreeably— that*
Austrians soon began to reaiize that Ley
must regard the United States as a ghat
power. A mere legation must, therefp-e,
have appeared as a slight to the I 'it*. 1
States Government, and as nothing, of to
sort was intended, the decision has fin*.*
been taken, which can only be regardti
as satisfactory. !
Bank Safe Robbed.
ST. PALL. Jan. 9.— A Rock Rapid]
la., special to the Dispatch says: Tn
Farmers' Bank of In wood has bee
robbed of 52000. The vault was entere
and the safe blown open with ex
plosives. The robbery was evidently
the work of professionals, who entered
and left the town on a railway hand
car.
Schuyler Hamilton Bankrupt.
.NEW YORK, Jan. 9.— Schuyler Hamil
ton Jr. filed a petition in bankruptcy to
day, with liabilities amounting to $96,505.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
. Death Loves a .
Shining lark. /f yf
"Sh: is an only : fit Ay
daughter and only ' /'S /M
seventeen," writes __f l _/ -J
Mrs. H. H. Conklin, j^^^^.\.y/'y
of Morten Avenue, ttLm\\w?rf,<' '•__ '*
Batavia, N. V.. in a H-__ > Ai^fam
recent letter address- *"*ft_B_lvv 3___l
ed to Doctor R. V. \x£\ ■!&&
Pierce, chief consult- /B»^.>^
ing physician of the Jf'^^V^SsT^.
Invalids' Hotel and \F^V*«
Surgical Institute, V^Cl-l
Buffalo, N.Y. "We Y*\ll
fetil _§* Jr*?' began your medicine in
W2x%»J\ __"*__■ May (the ' Favorite Pre-
_H_r(V\ ctV _? ~~ sc "P *' on '). My daughr
SS&sJv^ jj* ter then was very wasted, in
_s_§T e&_r fact we did not think s he
____?' egg could **"' long. She had pro-
•*^raUs?m fuse menstruation which was
KjHg^ijft of long standing; also a bad
mTvM cough. We had spent a great
|HLA\ *« deal of money and worried a
ffljftV 1 great deal. When she began _
1 taking your medicine her* ■
fe4R\) .weight was only
g«_f' V _/s^ eighty-seven pounds^ •
__BB> '^T^Saf^— he now weighs from
lf_Fi___!mg£__* Ninety - eight to one :
__^_B_S^^^ hundred all the time
Hi Bl W^^~* arid is well. Is cured
TT__--__-'C3» entirely of her diffi-
**^_*=s*^r.' = culty, has no cough
j at all. and all for
: eight or ten dollars. It had gotten to be a'
serious question with us. We had done all
i we could for her. We are truly grateful to *
; you for all your kind advice and sympathy
in the matter. We feel that you are "a
i personal friend." •
No living physician has a wider practical
experience or enjoys a higher reputation in
the treatment of diseases peculiar to wor- : :
en than Dr. Pierce. In cases of this nature
he will send by mail careful professional ;
: advice without charge, and instructions :
whereby the most obstinate ailments may
be entirely overcome. His "Favorite Pre-
j scription " is the only proprietary remedy
! ever designed by an educated, authorized
j ; physician specifically to cure women's dis-
eases. It is the only medicine which 1
makes motherhood perfectly safe and .com-
paratively easy and painless. * '■•■. '■•■
Say "No" and stick to it when urged
: to accept a substitute.
Ask Your *fl___^£_y_f^B9
.-»
Druggist HP& f4MBA^!rl
lor., generous WfH^-^k^i^ '"l
TRIAL SIZE. E«^M
Ely's Cream Balm K^/
CATARRH. Bj^^Sjjg''''
Cream Balm is placed Into the nostrils spread ;
over the membrane and is absorbed. Relief is
Immediate and a cure follows. It Is not dry-
■ ing— does not produce sneezing. Large, 50c;
Trial Size, 10c; at Druggists or by mall. - i*;j>
ELY BROTHERS. 56 Warren St.. New York.
':".'- "-'..'. -*'.",,
TO KLONDIKERS. ')/
Advertiser will share on mutual terms hi* in. < •
'. formation of GOLD FIELDS in mild climate ,
! with 2 or 3 men of moderate means. Address
I box 1349. Call offlc* .. »
..-- *: . x - "«. •-..'■■ ' •, ?:WHILE SOCIETY DANCES THE FIGHT GOES BRISKLY ON
MINISTERS CONDEMN
BURNS' CANDIDACY
Strong Denunciations of the Corrupt Political
Boss.
Resolutions Against the Proposed Disgrace Were Unani
• : • mously Passed by Presbyterians, Congregationalists
and Methodists.
' At the regular weekly conferences of the Presbyterian, Congrega
* tional ana "Methodist ministers of San Francisco, held yesterday,
.. strong resolutions were adopted denouncing the candidacy of D. M.
' .Burns for Senator, and calling on the legislators to vote against him.
The weekly ministerial conferences |
.held yesterday morning according to i
.the usual custom by 'the representa- j
tives of the various religious denomina- ;
tions Were devoted principally to the '
."framing of resolutions which had for
.'their purpose the universal protest of j
• the ministry of this city against the \
.. election of Colonel D. M. Burns to the j
. United States Senate. Aside from the |
adoption of these combined sentiments
"of the various churches, individual
comments **-ere indulged In by many i
of the- ministers who unreservedly and j
openly condemned the character of the
Republican b« ss from Mexico. They
spoke of his record as Secretary of
State and his criminal violation of the
trust* imposed in his office.
One of the most important resolutions
introduced before the members of the
Presbyterian Ministerial Union at the
regular weekly meeting held, yesterday
morning at the Occidental Mission
House on Sacramento street was the
following, protesting against the elec
tion of Colonel Dan Burns to the United
States Senate:
Resolved^ That the mem
bers of the Presbyterian
Ministerial Union emphati-
SOME OF THE THINGS THAT MIGHT HAVE HAPPENED.
cally protest against the
election of a man having
the reputation of D. M.
Burns to the Senate of the
United States.
: This resolution, unanimously adopted
by the. Presbyterian ministers not only
of this city but' of the principal cities
• surrounding San Francisco, voices the
universal sentiment of public piety and
•purity against the election of Colonel
Burns to the United States Senate. The
preachers who signed the protest also
made Individual comments against the
man from Mexico. Among the most Im
portant of these are the following:
• Dr. Alexander Carson l hate corrup
tion ln high or low and the reports
concerning Burns, If they are true,
should, be sufficient cause for every
member of this union, both Individually
and' collectively, to protest against his
•election.
Dr. AlexaniT r of the Theological
Seminary of San Anselmo — I do not
know whether Burns is as black as he
is painted, nevertheless I do know him
to be a. corrupt Republican boss and
totally unfit to be our representative in
the Senate of the United States.
Dr. H. C. Minton— "When we denounce
and protest the election of Colonel
Burns we do not speak as an ecclesi
astical body, tut as citizens of Cali
fornia. Therefore having the rights of
citizenship we unanimously oppose and
protest against the election of this man
Burns.
The following resolution, voicing the
sentiment of the Congregational min
isters of the city against the election of
Colonel Burns, was introduced before
the regular weekly conference yester
day morning and unanimously adopted
* < -. r______aM_9H— . . X *
Whereas, D. M. Burns has
announced himself a can
didate for the United States
Senate from California;
and,
Whereas, He was, while
Secretary of State, in
dicted by the Grand Jury
for the crime of embezzle
ment and has been, and is,
Intimately connected with
Institutions that demorai
ize and degrade; therefore?
be it
Resolved, That we here
by protest against the
election of such a man to
the great office of United
States Senator as being
a disgrace to the State
and a detriment to .all its
interests, and we respect
fully petition our Senators
and Representatives to
elect some man whose
character and reputation
are such as render him
worthy of that high office.
J. K. McLean,
William C. Pond,
Philip Coombe,
Committee.
The following resolution against D.
M. Burns was adopted at the Methodist
preachers' meeting held yesterday
morning:
Whereas, Colonel D. M.
Burns has announced him
self as a candidate for
United States Senator
from California; therefore,
Resolved, That we, the
Methodist Preachers' Meet
ing of San Francisco, rep
resenting twenty - five
churches, protest against
the candidacy for that
great office of a man who
was indicted for embezzle
ment, who has been and is
connected with that most
corrupt institution, the
racetrack interests, and
who has borne for years a
very unsavory reputation
as a political boss and cor
ruptionist, and would re
gard his election to the
United States Senate as
a detriment, disgrace
and infamy to California,
and that we respectfully
request our representa
tives in the Legislature to
elect a man whose record,
ability and character shall
fit him to worthily repre
sent California in the Sen
ate of the United States.
Chas. Edward Locke,
J. N. Beard,
W. VV. Case,
Arnold T. Needham,
John A. B. Wilson,
W. S. Urmy,
John Stephens,
Frederick C.Lee,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 10, 1899.
GRANT NOT THE SANTA FE`S CANDIDATE.
The following telegrams are the outcome of the report that has been industriously cir
culated that U. S. Grant is the Senatorial candidate of the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe
Railroads
SAN FRANCISCO, January 7, 1899.
E. P. RIPLEY, Great Northern Building, Chicago, 111.
It has been announced through the columns of the papers, and by
word of mouth, that U. S. Grant Jr. is the Santa Fe's candidate for
United States Senator from California. Wire me if this is true.
JOHN D. SPRECKELS.
CHICAGO, January 9, 1899.
• — — — — — — ______
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, San Francesco.
We have no candidate and no interest whatever in the selection of
a Senator. E. P. RIPLEY.
John Thompson,
James Williams,
C. G. Milnes,
Committee.
♦
BULLA MEN MAKING
A VIGOROUS FIGHT
Assemblyman Mellick Makes a
Strong Appeal for Sup
port.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 9.— The Bulla men are
j in the fight to-day more actively and
; vigorously than they have been at any
| stage since the contest opened. Despite
I all discouragements and despite all
prophecies to the contrary, they honest
-1 ly and sincerely believe that their man
has more than a promising chance to
| secure the Senatorial prize. To-night
| they have redoubled their efforts and
j are working with a vim and an energy
that is certainly deserving of some suc
| cessful results, even if they do not ac
: crue.
Senator Bulla himself takes a most
cheerful view of the situation. He said
to a Call representative this evening:
"I feel this way about my end of .this
contest: Even if I do nothing else, I
will demonstrate the fact that it is pos
. sible for a man to become a candidate
before the Legislature of California for
j the United States Senate and make a
I respectable showing without the ex-
pendlture of large sums of money, or
small sums either, for that matter, to
unduly Influence the members In voting.
I have not expended one dollar in my
fight and I will not. In the first place
I have no money to spend and if I had
a million I would not use it. I am
striving to be elected upon whatever
merit and ability I possess, and that is
all there is to my fight." "
It is undeniably true that Senator
Bulla and his friends have made a
clean and honorable fight. No effort
has been made to bulldoze any member
of the Legislature in his interest. His
merits are being urged, and. that is all
there is to the presentation in Bulla'**
behalf.
Assemblyman "W. S. Mellick, editor of
the Pasadena News, this evening issued
a circular ln behalf of Bulla, a copy
of which he will personally present to
every member of the Legislature be
fore balloting commences. The circular
is dated from the Assembly chamber,
is signed by Mr. Mellick and reads as
follows:
Being an editor I cannot refrain from
saying a few personal words entirely on
my own responsibility to you on a sub
ject that is uppermost In our minds— the
election of a United States Senator.
Each of us. no doubt, has his personal
references, but I now appeal to you in
behalf of Honorable Robert N. Bulla, a
candidate on whom we may all center '
and thus eliminate factionalism in the
Republican party and get a United States
Senator of whom the great State of Cali
fornia will be proud. we, who know Mr.
Bulla the best, love him the most, and
we would have you realize his personal
worth and fitness for the responsible
position to which lie aspires. Your atten
tion is called to the following points tin
behalf of Mr. Bulla's candidacy:
First— Robert N. Bulla is clean, square,
aggressive, able and worthy.
Second— He ls serving his fourth ses
j sion in the Legislature and his thorough
acquaintance with the needs of the whole
I State and his loyalty to the people's In
terests have been proven and are known.
Third— Bulla comes direct from the peo
?le. elected as we ourselves have been,
f we select him the people will know
that it has been because we have known
him.
Fourth— Elect Bulla directly ourselves
and there will be no "managers." "boss- ■
os" or "promoters" to take to themselves
all the credit of the election of a United
States Senator and proceed ,to promote
their own personal ends. We will have a
direct advocate at the national seat of
Government. ,
Fifth— election cannot be charged
to money: but to manhood and will in- !
spire every one with the knowledge that
a man need not be rich to aspire to the '
Senatorshln.
Sixth— you of the north Joined
In the nomination and election of Henry
T. Gage for Governor the people of the i
south understood that you were still will
ing to retain the rule established by the
election of Senator White, viz., that one
of the two United States Senators should
come from the north and that the other
should come from the south, that the
whole State may be properly represented
in the chief councils of the nation.
Seventh— Robert X. Bulla is neither the
representative of the Southern Pacific,
the Santa Fe nor any other corporation.
He is neither pro-railroad nor anti-rail
road, but is for the people and will treat
all corporations, classes, factions and in
dividuals justly and right.
Eighth— Bulla is the logical candidate on
whom all factions of the Republican
party may center in harmony, for he has
antagonized no other candidate.
Ninth— Bulla is a young man who could
be kept in Washington term after term
with increased prestige and glory to Cal
ifornia as the Eastern States keep their
Senators.
Tenth— Bulla is in line with President
McKinley's administration with pro
nounced views in harmony therewith on
the San Pedro harbor and Nicaraguari ca
nal construction, national expansion,
sound money. Federal aid in Irrigation,
protection, etc.
Feeling deeply and strongly that we
should elect Robert N. Bulla United
States Senator I ask your careful consid
eration of the personal direct reasons for
the faith that is in me.
Assemblyman Mellick felt highly
elated to-night. In distributing his cir
cular he had run across two Assembly
men who were for Grant first choice,
but they announced to Mr. Mellick that
Bulla was their second choice. They
informed Mellick that they regarded
Bulla as a clean man, capable of a large
amount of personal work, and they said
that if they found Grant impossible
they would go to Bulla.
Assemblyman Belshaw of Contra
Costa, another strong Bulla man, fig
ures to-night that the chances of his
favorite are excellent. He thinks that
neither Grant nor Burns can win and
he arrived at the conclusion in this
way: There are 85 Republican votes
on joint ballot and 61 are necessary to
elect. He thinks that there are In the
: Legislature at least twenty-five Repub
licans who will never vote for Burns.
This, therefore, he figures renders the
election of Burns an impossibility. The
Bulla men put up the strength of the
several candidates as follows: Burns
i 27, Grant 26. Bulla 20, Barnes 8, Knight
3 and Morrow 1. This makes a total
lof 85 votes, the full Republican
' strength.
This morning the Bulla men were in
i caucus, but this afternoon they had
their important meeting, when L.. E.
Mosher, editor of the Los Angeles
Times and the man in charge of that
paper in the absence of Brigadier Gen
eral Harrison G. Otis, who is at Ma
nila, was present by invitation. There
was a full attendance of Bulla's friends,
: Including Senator Simpson, Assembly
men Valentine, Conrey, Mellick, Miller,
Belshaw and Huber, and George H.
Stewart, E. A. Meserve -Council
man Charles IT. Toll of Los Angeles.
; These latter gentlemen are friends of
Bulla who are here assisting him.
Editor Mosher, through the Los An-
geles Times, has charged that the Sen
atorial candidacy of Bulla was a mere
"stall" in the Interest of Burns, and
has severely criticized the members of
the Los Angeles delegation for not com
ing out In r;~v^ort of Grant as the only
man who can beyond question defeat
Burns. When Mosher arrived in town
to-day the members of the Los Angeles
County delegation decided to invite Mr.
Mosher to be present at the caucus
meeting this afternoon for the purpose
of informing him as to the situation.
Mr. Mosher put in the morning in con
sultation with Grant and his managers
and this afternoon he had a lively two
hours with the friends of Senator Bulla.
Mr. Mellick presided this afternoon
as chairman, and the first thing done
after Mr. Mosher arrived was to invite
him to state why he had so severely
criticized the Los Angeles members for
their loyalty to Bulla.
Mr. Mosher stated that he considered
that by remaining firm to Bulla the
Los Angeles members were Increasing
the prospects for the election of Burns
and this he thought to be most unwise.
Mr. Mosher was asked to give his rea
sons for this opinion and the only
ground he had to stand on was his
statement that Grant was the strongest
man In the. field against Burns and he
regarded any- vote taken from him as
an assistance to the Burns people.
It was : shown to Mr. Mosher that
Bulla was in a fair way to fall heir to
votes from both Grant and Burns as
second choice. It was pointed out to
him that Bulla had the promise of
thirty-six Senators and Assemblymen
to vote for him as second choice can
didate.
This surprised Mr. Mosher a great
deal and it certainly was an un
answerable argument in favor of
Bulla's candidacy.
It was also pointed out to Mr. Mosher
that he had objected to Senator Bulla
receiving the support of certain Federal
officials in Los Angeles, notably United
States Marshal H. Z. Osborne and
United States District; Attorney Frank
P. Flint. T£e attention of Mr. Mosher
was directed to the fact that U. S.
Grant was receiving the support of a
number of the Federal officials, includ
ing John C. Cline, Collector of the Port
of Los Angeles; "VV. W. Bowers, Col
lector of the Port of San Diego; Dan
T. Cole, coiner of the Mint; United
States Marshal Shine and others. Tet
Mr. Mosher in the Times was ardently
supporting Grant and saying nothing
about the assistance he was receiving
from those having seats at the Federal
pie-counter.
Mr. Mosher was forced to "admit that
there was truth in what had been
stated. He, however, reaffirmed his al
legiance to Grant, but disclaimed that
his opposition to Bulla was personal in
any way, denying the charge that the
Times was opposing Bulla for the rea
son that he had indorsed H. Z. Osborne,
a bitter personal enemy of General Otis,
for United States Marshal.
After two hours of talk Editor Mosher
withdrew. He had in no way convinced
; the Bulla men that their fight was a
, hopeless one, but. on the other hand,
' the friends of Bulla had demonstrated
I to Mr. Mosher that it was possible for
'. their man to come out of the contest a
winner.
i The Bulla men have decided to remain
' firm and true to Bulla through every
j ballot until a majority of the Los
j Angeles County delegation in writing
decid *. to leave him, and the members
of the delegation are to be free to go
to any one they see fit, and it will
require the signatures of four Los An
geles members to drop Bulla from the
race. It is known absolutely that Bulla
can hold four of the seven members as
long as he desires and he will there
fore be in the Senatorial fight as long
as it suits his pleasure.
The Bulla men are of the opinion that
there will be no Senatorial choice this
week. They think that the balloting
will continue until the end of the week
with Burns and Grant in the lead. Next
Monday, unless a result is previously
arrived at they feel that their candidate
will begin to figure as the main factor
of the fight.
SAN JOSE REPUBLICANS
AROUSED TO INDIGNATION
SAN JOSE, Jan. 9.— The announcement :
to-day that Assemblymen Kelsey and I
Arnerich had joined Burns' forces caused I
much indignation among Republicans, !
and especially members of the Good Gov- ■
ernment League. This feeling was added
to when statements of these two worthies
were read in which they stated they had
come to the conclusion, after investiga
tion, that Burns was the best man for j
Senator.
Kelsey and Arnerich were strongly de- !
nounced on the streets and in hotels for
supporting Burns and decent Republi
cans are kicking themselves for voting for
these men. These Assemblymen sought
the suffrage of the people on the plea
that their votes were needed to aid in the
election of a United States Senator who
would be a credit to California. Instead
they have flocked to aid in electing the :
most disreputable man in the State and
whom the residents of the county have
denounced.
In voting for. Burns, Arnerich and Kel
sey are disregarding the wish of the Re
publicans of Santa Clara County. Satur- .
day the Good Government League unani
mously adopted resolutions and forward-*,
ed them to Senators Shortridsre and More
house and Assemblymen Kelsey, Arnerich i
and Clark calling on the legislative dele- |
gation from this county to do all in its
power to prevent Burns' election. The
league has a membership of over 2000 and
is the representative Republican organi
zation of the county. Sirtee they scored .
their victory at the last election Arnerich :
frequently visited their headquarters and
assured them he owed his election to their
efforts and would do all he could for
them. Shortridge also held many con
ferences with the league before election,
and as they put no one in the field against '
him It was thought he would obey their
request and fight Burns. When the reso
lutions wore passed these two were
counted upon to support them.
Morehouse and Clark, it is hoped by
the majority of Republicans, will not vote
with Kelsey and Arnerich.
SENATORIAL AFFAIRS
STILL RATHER MIXED
Rain Interferes With the Ball, but Not With
Politicians.
f 7yyyy .
All the Candidates Counting Phantom Votes and
Making Great Pretensions, but the Situa
tion Is Unchanged.
BY HENRY JAMES.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. For fear of being
tempted to describe the inaugural ball
I stayed away. The night was not the
I best for the occasion. Rain fell until
i the streets were sloppy and slippery.
All the hacks had been engaged early
in the day, street cars here run on a
schedule hard to comprehend and no
lady in a charming costume wants to
wait under an umbrella at the corner
for a car to come along when the
chances are that it won't come any
how, but merely appear In the distance
and vanish. One could not help feeling
sorry for shattered hopes. Many a
young man who couldn't afford a car
! riage had to get one Just the same, and
he might afford it all right and not be
! able to secure it for love nor money.
' I trust that none of the sufferers really
j got their feet wet or their delicate rai
. I ment damp, for if they did, they will
have the grip to-morrow. The grip is
so common now as to be vulgar. Several
visiting newspaper men have only been
saved from dying of it by taking this
view and letting pride brace them up.
| However, even if the rain did mar the
programme it was a more important
function than an inaugural ball and
more popular because the ball was dry.
It must not be supposed that active
members of "de push" go to a ball 'of
this character. On the contrary the
fact that the affair is ultra respectable
; bars them out, prevents them from
I having any desire to attend, while the
j price of the ticket would seriously dis-
I courage any latent ambition to bask in
j the light of social splendor. Therefore
the touts, and it is remarkable that
they all tout for Burns, swarmed about
their usual haunts, counted phantom
votes and planned how to run things
after Dan had "win out." They were
not worrying about the ball.
There are many politicians and
statesmen here, notable among them
Mose Gunst. breathing fire; Rainey,
Crimmlns and Kelly, Jim Rea, spotless
as the driven snow, and the remnants
of the Federal brigade. But there are
plenty of reputable visitors here, too.
Estee stepped from the train with
words of praise for * Sacramento
weather. This raises him above the
plane of the politician and sets him
among the diplomats. . I understand
that all these gentlemen whose names
have been mentioned are for purity in
politics and most of them ready to pay
good money for it. They carry with
them an atmosphere which attracts the
lesser reformers, the Dennerys, the
Steppachers. I was going to say also
that Major McLaughlin was not afraid
to pass the time of day with them, but
the major carries pink pills, which are
•good for sore throat, and in giving them
out to the afflicted knows no enmities
and shall not be connected with that
gang, not in this letter anyhow.
To find out the exact standing of the
Senatorial fight one has only to ask
the partisans of each candidate, where
upon he is driven to serious reflection
by the informants that four men are
sure to win. Therefore have I sought
to approach the unbiased and learn of
them. Burns cannot be elected. With
the opposition of all the decent element
of the party and the support of the
Examiner he is fatally handicapped.
Perhaps he can get twenty-three votes
on the first ballot, but there is no like
lihood of his getting more later, for
every man to go over to him would be
stamped as unfaithful to his constitu
ency and suspected of having been pur
chased.
There is a rumor that Burns intends
, turning his strength over to Estee, but
; to do this would be in the nature of
1 gratitude and is not reasonably to be
expectecV It is not certain that the
bunch would do Estee any good if he
were tof get it. It has seemed to me
[ from thft. first there were but two men
ln the fight, Grant and Burns, and that
the colonel Isn't In it enough to hurt.
Bulla also has following enough to give
him standing, but not to confer any
greater honor.
Senator Shortridge is for Burns and
: in his enthusiasm has been chasing fel
| low members to-day until the tails of
j his truly elegant coat flapped and
i crackled in the breeze created by his
I sprinting. He wanted them to go Into
! caucus, but they did not want to go.
He set two different hours for the event
and while the hours came along on
schedule time they brought nothing
with them. So, undismayed, the Sena
tor set an hour for to-morrow, at which
he may go into secret session and de
liver a speech to himself.
Milton Green, who manages tha
Grant campaign, was smilingly con
! fident to-day. He said that some new
votes had been secured, and that the
outlook was more promising than it
had ever been. Grant himself has
shown one trait for which his father
was distinguished. He does not say
much. When the proposition was made
that all members from the south unite
on one candidate he remarked: '"I would
be glad, of course, to receive any acces
sions." The Grant men do not proclaim
their strength, but I think they have
enough to give the Burns camp chills.
The assaults of Gage on Grant have
certainly made friends for the San
Diegan and created contempt for the
Governor. The charge that Grant had
knifed Gage, promptly met by & chal
i lenge to prove it, and by doing so win
$10,000 for charity appears to have
fallen as flat as one of Gage's justly
celebrated speeches. The money ia
I ready, but the proof has failed to make
I connection.
I do not see that there are any other
aspirants with chances brilliant enough
to be given space on the night of an
inaugural ball. .
For some reason the Examiner's fake
shouting for Pardee attracts attention.
An ordinarly silly outpouring of the
Examiner's intellectual parts excites
no more notice than the wind sighing
through a knothole, but this was a sur
passing effort. I never heard of
Pardee having done anything' to that
paper to earn all the labored effort to
make a guy of him.
The only truly happy people here to
night are the hack drivers. They are
the autocrats of the storm. People
who desire favors from them must ac
cept any terms offered. Such is the
demand for vehicles that a lot of new
drivers are being tried, and some of
them ought to be convicted.
Word comes from the Capitol that
the Governor is wearing patent leath
ers. This is a concession such as had
hardly been expected. It is to be sup
posed that with his faithful boot laid
aside, he is suffering pangs and none
should make the mistake of treading on
his corns, for he has seemed to be an- !
noyed by this process already during
his short official experience.
There is also a report that the ball is
not to be so dry as the virtuous and
austere had hoped. At least, several
guests have carelessly betrayed the
circumstance that in their rear pockets
are small flasks which are not of - the
shape devoted to smelling salts, while
close to the Capitol is what is known '
in political circles as a "well." (Per- 1
haps there is truth at the bottom).
Coming back to politics a moment,
there is the charter. At this instant it
is under discussion at the Golden Eagle ,
bar, and if the people of San Francisco
could only see the crowd opposing it
they would be unanimous in favor of
the document. At first there was con-'
scientious sentiment against the •
charter, for it is far from perfect, and '
there was hope something better might .
be secured. Nevertheless, it was
adopted by San Francisco and Its over
throw now by outsiders would be an
impertinence. Yet the Tenderloin and .
Barbary Coast are here scheming
against the charter. They go on the
pleasant and thrifty theory that a
country member can be purchased for •
a drink. '
By the light of a tallow candle I wish
to add that electricity as an illuminant
during a rain in Sacramento is a suc
cess when it does not go out, and
doubly to be appreciated when it takes
a notion to come back.
Saw the St. Paul.
NEW YORK, Jan. 9.— Late this after
noon Superintendent Wright of the
American line gave out the following:
"The following information comes by'
cable: 'Steamer American saw the St.
Paul on Wednesday, January 4. 3 p. m.,
in latitude 4.43, longitude 29, during heavy
storm.'
"The position given Is 1080 miles from
The Needle. Allowing for difference of'
time the St. Paul had been out eighty-six i
hours from The Needle and had averaged !
over 12% knots."
34
BURNS' HASTE
TO GAG HART
IS EXPLAINED
He Feared to Testify
Before Deane.
= COULD NOT SMOTHER FACTS
THE NOTARY IS A BROTHER-IN
LAW OF M. H. DE YOUNQ.
The Railroad Candidate's Fear of Dis
;' closures That Might Blast His
Senatorial Hopes Prepared
the Gold Brick.
The gold brick with which Dan \
' Burns and W. F. Herrin of the South- !
crn Pacific hypnotized ex-Attorney !
, General A. L. Hart has already begun '■
. ' to lose its glitter, but the object of the j
•political tricksters has been accom- j
plished and it matters not to them how j
soon the victim of their joint knavery j
■ discovers that he has been bunkoed. |
'Hart fell into the trap baited for him j
by the Mexican and Lis railroad part- !
ncr, In consequence o* which he has |
been rendered practically powerless to i
Interfere with Burns' shameless desire
„• to disgrace California in the United ,
States Senate.
There is no question but what Hart
could have administered a mortal blow
• * to the ambition of Dan Burns had he
pressed his suit for $25,000, the amount i
which he estimated was due him for i
saving the railroad's unsavory Sena- ■
torial candidate from a cell in the
penitentiary. The exposure of the base ■
" ingratitude and dishonesty of the man
" who is asking the representatives of j
the people to give him a certificate of i
character by electing him to the !
Senate, which would inevitably result j
if the suit were ever brought to trial, j
caused Burns to take shelter beneath
'-■ the wing of his political sponsor, there
! by publicly acknowledging what has '
' been all along known, namely that he '.
is. in the fight as the tool of the rail
road, willing to crawl on his stomach
to do the bidding of the corporation.
Between Herrin and Burns the scheme
was concocted which resulted in the
gagging of Hart until such time as his
disclosures would have no effect on j
Burns' candidacy.
As told in The Call yesterday morn
ing, it was J. B. Wright, division '■
superintendent of the Southern Pacific
at Sacramento, who was selected to j
make the first overtures for a com
promise to Hart, and it was this same !
Wright who was finally proposed by
Burns and accepted by Hart as the ; ■
•' arbitrator.
••:■ It now develops that while Hart's ; <
suit resulted in giving the public an j
insight into the workings of the gold <
• brick tory operated by the Southern :
Pacific In connection with its political ,
:1 manipulations, it was not the mere j \
filing of the action at law that caused : '
■ Burns to tremble with apprehension ';
and apply with frantic haste to his j
'•master, Herrin. for aid and protection.!
Burns' political influence in certain]
* quarters is such that he might be able j
"'• to smother any particularly unpleasant j
disclosures which showed a tendency \
... to crop out during the course of a trial.
but in this instance he found himself ,
. * face to face with an obstacle which .
\ he knew could not be removed from his j
* path without resorting to trickery and ,
- deception to pull the wool over the I
eyes of Hart. I
' it appears that when Hart finally
secured an order from one of the Su- '
* perior Judges of this city commanding 1 ,
* Burns to appear before a notary public
■ to make a deposition in the case, J. J. I
/ Deane was named as the notary to
• take the deposition. Up to this time ;
Burns had viewed the proceedings with ' .
a certain degree of equanimity, but •
• 'when he saw Deane's name he balked, t i
He knew Deane as the brother-in-law i
of M. H. de Young, his arch enemy, and ]
. consequently he knew that his influ- ; ,
...ence would avail nothing to suppress '■
facts which were sure to be brought , ,
. out as soon as Hart had him writhing : .
••'in the witness chair. The result was ,
. the hasty preparation of the gold brick,
which Hart accepted with as much con- j •
! fidence as if it were the offering of a ;
• person of respectability instead of be- , ]
ing tendered to him by the conscience- ,
less hireling of the railroad and the :
• man who had repeatedly deceived and .
lied to him. Hart has been again '
duped by Burns, as ho Is* doubtless * -
'. aware by this time. He agreed to leave '
' the matter in the hands of the arbi- .\
• .trator until the Senatorial fight Is in
. all probability a thing of the past, and j ,
• •this takes from his hands the only club 7
.'• with which he could force a settlement ! ■
* .of his claim, as it is alleged the statute [ .
' of limitations operates against him in j '
'• his suit.
' Whether he will consider himself
'bound by the terms of the agreement
secured by such means and . calmly
wait for the man who has repeatedly
'and shamefully deceived him to do him
I long-delayed justice remains to be seen.
As he lacks the peculiar characteristics
of Burns he will probably pocket his
; gilded brick and wait. In the mean
time the gold brick factory in the
"knockery" is in full operation under
the skillful direction erf W. F. Herrin.
■ and before the Senatorial contest Is de
cided a. large number ;: of the bogus
prizes will probably have been disposed
of,' all of them warranted to retain
their dazzling brilliancy until they. are
•i presented for redemption.- Then -It -is.
.feared they may take on a decidedly:
brassy appearance.
BURNS' CANDIDACY
A FALSE ALARM
..Could Muster Only Twenty-Three
Votes on a Show Down
for a Caucus.
.CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. The anti-climax of the
Senatorial tale to be made public to-mor
row was related to-day. It reveals Col
onel Burns ln the character of a false
alarm as a Senatorial candidate.
Yesterday Assemblymen . Cobb, Arne
rich and Kelsey, who were nominated
and elected by Burns for Burns, wrote
letters to Burns notifying Burns of their
loyalty to Burns. It Is expected that to
morrow Senator Slg Bettmann and As
semblyman Kenneally will give the car
horses a chance to have a good laugh
by writing to their boss telling him that
after mature deliberation they have de
cided to support him for Senator. It Is
the sole humorous situation in a very
serious condition of affairs.
The Burns boomers, acting under in
structions, have employed their time dur
ing the past twenty-four hours in circu
lating the report that their leader had
enough votes to win and to spare. To
day they circulated a call for a joint
. Senatorial caucus and the best they could
do was to secure signatures of twenty
three legislators.
This being the result of the grand bluff
that has been put up during the day it
is not strange that gloom, oppressively
deep, pervades the Burns camp to-night
and while brave men and ladles fair are
"treading the mazy" at the capitol to
night the band of political outlaws are
hiding in the recesses of their stronghold,
planning one last desperate stand against
the onslaught of public opinion.
Their raid upon the fair fame of Cali
fornia has been landed with all the
adroitness that such a band could sum
mon to neir aid, but last night they
made the error— fatal to them— of at
tempting to force a caucus, and to-day
they find themselves driven back, their
strength betrayed to the people who real
ize now that Instead of having to fight
a formidable host they have been ter
rorized by a handful of lusty lunged
bandits. ■*;*•:
Twenty-three names have been sub
scribed to the petition for a caucus, and
despite every effort to gain more the at
tempt has failed. These twenty-three
signatures represented Burns' strength on
the first ballot. Nobody believes now that
he can make any better showing and
everybody but his henchmen rejoice
thereat.
D. M. Burns Is the Ishmaelite of the
Senatorial wilderness: his hand is against
everybody and everybody Is against him.
All day long Senator Charles Shortridge,
who cast aside the mask and spurned the
wishes— commands— of his constitu
ents, has come out in the open and has
Industriously circulated Burns' petition
for a caucus. Shortridge ls nauseous at
best; to-day In his Importunities for sig
natures he has made himself even worse.
At first Shortridge was going to hold
his caucus at 2 o'clock this afternoon, but
2 o'clock came and he was discouraglngly
short of the necessary signatures, how
many he would not divulge, so he post
poned the time until this evening. Now
he has put it off until to-morrow morn
ing at 10 o'clock. But there will be no
caucus at that hour or any other hour on
Senatorial matters. This is as safe a pre
diction as can be made on this uncertain
situation.
The Grant forces are against It, the
Barnes men laugh at the attempt and the
supporters of Bulla declare that not one
of their number will be found in the
gathering. Neither will Knight's friends
nor those who want to tie up to some out
sider. With these forces united against
the Burns crowd on the caucus proposi
tion It Is Impossible to figure out where
the latter can possibly gather in enough
members to caucus. Shortridge claims
that forty-three, or a j majority of the
Republican members, are necessary for a
caucus; that when he was making his
brother Sam's fight two years ago and
tried to get a caucus he was told he would
only have to get a majority of the Re
publicans, and he intends to hold to that
ruling now.
Shortridge said this afternoon, in ex
planation of his failure to bring off his
affairs on scheduled time, that he had
received telegrams 'from a number of
members who are away that they favored
a caucus, but were not willing to tie up
to a call at long range, and asked him to
postpone It until to-morrow. Shortridge
guarded the call most jealously from all
but known Burns men, refusing even to
allow those who are classed as "doubtful"
to see it unless they first promised to sign
It. But it is known to-night that twenty
three names were all that could be se
cured.
While Shortridge, Cobb of San Fran
cisco and a few others still profess their
ability to hold a caucus in the morning,
others of the Burns crew unhesitatingly
admit that there is no chance for them
to succeed. They talk bitterly of the
tactics of Burns' opponents ln combining
against Dan on the caucus proposition
and not making a fair open fight. They
prate loudly of their opponents insisting
upon "washing the party's dirty linen in
public," when by going into caucus this
necessary laundrying could be accom
plished secure from the inquisitive gaze
of the outside world.
So It is not to be wondered that the
Burns forces are overshadowed in gloom,
while the other candidates are more
cheerful than they have been at any time
in the past. This afternoon the report
was circulated that there had been a
break ln the Grant forces and that Burns
had benefited. The report was denied by
Grant's managers. They even went so
far as to say that they had made a gain
of three votes during the day. One of
these is Senator Smith of Kern County.
He corroborated the statement as to his
Senatorial preference and declared his
intention to vote for Grant.
When asked for particulars of the ru
mored split in the ranks of Grant, the
Burns men could -give no details. They
merely asserted that there was "some
thing doing." but no man knew what it
was. Senator F. I. Wolfe of San Fran
cisco declared for Burns to-day, and his
declaration is being used for all it Is
worth, though it is known he has been
considered as safe for Burns from the
start. Wolfe has been selected to second
the nomination of Colonel Burns.
POLICEMAN KIDNAPED
BY A GANG OF THIEVES
Then the Culprits Do a. Wholesale
Business in Holding Up
Citizens.
ST. LOUIS. Jan. 9.— A special to the
] Post-Dispatch from Fort Scott, Kans.,
says: Two masked men early this
morning captured a policeman, took
him a mile into the woods, bound and
1 gagged him, and, with rare coolness,
held up and robbed nine men in the
1 Cottage House and the Sayers House,
two hotels on prominent business
' streets.
Edward Mead, an engineer on the
Kansas City, Fort Scott and Memphis
Railroad, was shot by one of the rob
! bers, and George H. Young, a colored
' man. who was mistaken for one of the
robbers, was also shot. Several hours
after the robbery, the police identified
the bandits as they boarded the St.
Louis, Missouri and' Texas passenger
train and had. a > fight with them, but
'the robbers got away. ■.
The robbery occurred on East Wall
I street, on Policeman Jones' beat. The
j ■"Cottage "House was entered first. One
; bandit kept the guests covered with his
I revolver, while the. other robbed the
| men of their watches, pistols and
! money. '■'■-. .
The booty taken was about $150 and
; a number of watches. H. Dayton, a
• merchant and stockman of Golden
1 City. Mo., who was just returning from
I market, was .relieved of $100 and a
j watch. The bandits then went across
! the street to the Sayers House and rob
| bed the clerk and money drawer. ,
SUIT OF THE BLYTHE
COMPANY DISMISSED
Supreme Court Takes Final Action in
the Case of the Celebrated
7 * - Estate. *
'. WASHINGTON,' Jan. The United
States ■ Supreme Court ' to-day dismissed
the case of the Blythe Company vs.
Blythe, involving * the Blythe estate of
California. No written opinion was filed
in the case. '" * ' -
. .._ - .. — : — _' .
After, the Centennial.
I ST. LOUIS, Jan. 9.— Delegates from
the States embraced in the Louisiana
purchase are en route to St. Louis to
attend the convention which to-mor
row will decide how and where the cen
tennial of. that event shall be held in
1903. It Is known that Denver will make
a bid for the convention and its dele
gation will work among the Western
States to secure It. That St. Louis is
j after the celebration goes without say
ing.
Yuba County Pioneer Gone.
MARYSVILLE, Jan. 9.— John. G. Cornell,
a pioneer resident of Yuba County, died
at the residence of City Marshal Maben,
in this city, this afternoon. He came to
California in 1843, settling in Marysville.
where he organized a packtrain to carry
freight and passengers to Goodyear Bar.
Later he engaged in farming quite suc
cessfully until his health failed. He was
a native of White Plains, N. V., and 90
years old.
Russell Has Been Sold'
LEXINGTON, Ky., Jan. The cele
brated thoroughbred stallion Russell
has been sold by A. H. & D. H. Mor
ris of New York to J. E. Madden of
this city. Russell has won $81,813 in
races. The price was private.
Justice Brewer's Mission
WASHINGTON,. Jan. Justice Brewer
will sail from New York next Wednesday
tat Europe, to attend the meeting of the
THE SAN A MCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 10, 1899.
"Venezuelan Commission in Paris, of which
he and Chief Justice Fuller are members.
The commission was to have met on tne
25th Inst., but a postponement until May
14 has been arranged, so that the forth
coming meeting will do nothing more than
formally ratify the postponement. ; :':.'*
NEVADA'S SENATORIAL
FIGHT WARMING UP
Report of a "Mix-Up" Between Will
iam Sharon and "Jack" Chirm
Unfounded.
CARSON, Jan. The Senatorial forces
in this State are now lining up and the
hottest fight on record can be looked for
when the Legislature convenes a week
from to-day. The report that was current
In Reno to the effect that William Sharon
and "Jack" Chirm had had a mix-up
proved to have no foundation. Chirm,
who is reported to be one of Stewart's
heavy-weights in the Senatorial contest,
was Introduced to Mr. Newlands to-day,
and nothing but general conversation fol
lowed. ' ; „ . '
A. C. Cleveland arrived this afternoon.
He Is supposed to be a candidate for
United States Senator, but denies the
impeachment. **.>
The Silver State Central Committee has
been called to meet in Carson on Thurs
day, but It is not known for what purpose
It is supposed the intention is to take a
hand In the Senatorial fight, and there Is
a lively hustling for proxies. C. C. Wal
lace has arrived on the scene.
COLOMBET NOT TO BE
SAN JOSE'S TREASURER
Because of the Council's Opposition
Mayor Martin Will Name An
other Man.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 9.— The City Council
to-night again refused to confirm the
nomination of Joseph F. Colombet for
City Treasurer. The Councllmen present
ed a statement of their attitude, as did
the Mayor of his. The closing of the city
treasury Is inconveniencing merchants
and creditors of the city. To-day $25,000
worth of city bonds and $11,000 interest
became due, but there was no way to pay
them without a Treasurer. A majority
of the people condemn the Council for
refusing to accept Colombet.
Mayor Martin said this evening. he did
not wish to Impede business, and would
to-morrow present the name of another
person for Treasurer. He declined to say
who it would be other than that it would
be a representative man.
CHAMBERLAIN WILL
COACH AT STANFORD
NEW YORK, Jan. 9.— A New Haven
special to the Sun says: Captain Burt
Chamberlain of last season's Yale foot
ball eleven to-day wired formal accept
ance of the offer of Leland Stanford Uni
versity to coach that team the coming
fall He will remain at Yale till the close
of the present school year in June and go
West during the summer, giving his can
didates several weeks' preliminary train
ing before the regular season opens in
September. His decision puts an end to
the plan to appoint him Yale's head foot
ball coach next fall. ___
DEATH OE R 0. PHILLIPS.
Was Land Commissioner of the Bur
lington Railway System.
Captain R. O. Phillips, land commis
sioner of the Burlington Railway system,
died at the Waldeck Sanitarium Monday
morning after ; several months of illness.
Captain Phillips came to this city last
October from his home in Lincoln, Neb.,
and after a few days' stay proceeded
with his wife to the Orient. His health
had been falling for some time and he be
came very ill in Yokohama. He, returned
to San Francisco and was removed to the
hospital. His case could not be diagnosed
by the physicians and he gradually wast
ed away until he died.
Captain Phillips was a member of the
Loyal Legion and captain in the Eighty
fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers during the
War of the Rebellion. He was born in
Jefferson, Green County, Pa.
- His widow, Mrs.' J. R. Phillips, who,
during his illness, has been at the resi
dence of Colonel W. D. Sanborn, will
start for the East to-day with the body
of her husband. She will be accompanied
by Mrs. C. H. Gere. . \ y.y vyy-y
'TWAS THE TANK
DRAMA THAT
BROKE FRAWLEY
Thirstiest Company
That Ever Toured.
A SUCCESSION OF DRUNKS
TWO ACTORS EXTRA DRY AND
A BUSINESS MANAGER.
The i'rawleys Will Reorganize in
Washington, but No Dim*
Specialists Need
Apply.
The rialto was stirred yesterday by the
news that the Frawley company had dis
banded Saturday night ln Kansas City,
and now T. Daniel, the manager of
many troubles, says that It all happened
through the demon drink.
The fatal thirsts of the Frawley com
pany have more than once figured In lo
cal history, and now, according to Mr.
Frawley, who unbosomed himself last
night in Cincinnati to a Call-Herald cor
respondent, they have swallowed up the
whole show.
According to his account, the recent
trip away from home must have been
one long tour of terrible toots. Mr.
Frawley spangled his tale with unprint
able dashes and otherwise said: "We
came to grief because of an unprecedent
ed series of drunks. First my leading
man loaded up in California, then another
actor took to leaving a trail of empty
bottles and rich saloon-keepers all along
the line, and then my business manager
loosed his thirst and the company went
to smash. We were carrying nineteen
people and the business . was simply
frightful. Why, the last four weeks have
cost me nearly $5000."
Frawley will shortly proceed to Wash
ington, where he may organize a stock
company for the spring and summer sea
sons In that city. But every member of
the new band will be a sworn teetotoler.
Mr. Frawley says that he is tired of the
tank drama and that thirst specialists
need not apply.
Wells-Fargo Cases Sent Back.
Judge Morrow yesterday ordered that
the cases of G. B. Benham and B. John
ston against Wells, Fargo & Co. be sent
back to the Justice's court In which they
originated. The suits were brought to re
cover $50 damages in each case for the
refusal of the corporation, to forward two
packages. The company insisted that the
senders affix the war stamps to the pack
ages. Judge Morrow held that the cases
did not come within the jurisdiction of the
United States Circuit Court, because the
amounts sued for were less than $2000,
that being the minimum of damages com
ing under the Jurisdiction of the court.
The cases will have to be disposed of In
the Justices' Court.
Historical Society Meets.
At a meeting of the California Gene
alogical Society held last Saturday even
ing the following officers were elected to
serve for the ensuing term: Dr. "E. S.
Clark, president; Colonel A. S. Hubbard.
first vice president; Edgar Hobart, second
vice president; Miss Sarah L. Kimball,
corresponding secretary; W. A. Perkins,
recording secretary; H. W. Hubbard,
treasurer; and Miss W. D. Mansfield, li
brarian. The president referred to an In
crease of membership of over forty dur
ing the year, and also to the fact that the
contents of the library and the exchange
list, had gained in greater, proportion.
SON OF HIS
FATHER AS
PUDD'NHEAD
Mayo the Second With
a Star Cold.
ADA DWYER'S FINE ROXY
BARTON HILL IN A SAWED-OFF
VARIETY FARCE.
''Uncle Tom's Cabin" With Specialty
Attachments ßevival of "The
Magistrate" at the
Alcazar.
Edwin Mayo opened a week's engage
ment at the California Theater last
night in Frank Mayo's dramatization of
"Pudd'nhead "Wilson," and the son of
his father was handicapped by one of
the worst cases of cold that ever ap
peared on any stage. Even so he
proved himself to be an actor of many
valuable resources, and what he
couldn't do was largely made up for
by Miss Ada Dwyer, who gave a thril
ling interpretation of the slave woman,
Roxey. If any one was a star last night
it was Miss Dwyer, whose performance
was really remarkable, especially so in
the fact that we San Franciscans have
twice seen Eleanor Moretti in the part,
each time admitting that her work in
It was nothing short of masterly. Miss
Dwyer's conception of Roxey — and I
understand that she created the role
ln the original production — is nearly one
with that of Miss Moretti's; perhaps a
trifle less tempestuous and spell-bind
ing in the melodramatic passages, but
more subtle, more racially convincing
In the quieter episodes of the play, and
a strong consistent character through
out. A more extensive comparison
would entail feats of memory which
I admit myself incapable of perform
ing. I confess that Miss Moretti's deep,
gurgling voice was simply intoxicating
in this part, and that Miss Dwyer's,
while it is certainly adequate enough
in the ordinary circumstances of the
theater, does hardly warrant praise of
such vivid hue. But you will remember
that this vocal specialty of Miss Mo
retti's, so admirable in "Pudd'nhead
Wilson," clung to her afterward in
other plays with anything but artistic
results. However, comparison is a hard
matter in an instance like this where
two actresses play the same part with
almost a same identity. And as for
compliments to Miss Dwyer, none could
be more grateful and sincere than Miss
Moretti's Imitation.
Edwin Mayo's Pudd'nhead is, as a
matter of course, patterned after his
father's and recalls that famous imper
sonator in many ways; but even allow
ing for the unfortunate absence of his
voice doubtless a tribute to our tardy
winter is only fair to say that no
serious comparison need be drawn be
tween the two impersonations. Mayo
the second invests the part with the
same manner,' the same appearance
and something of the same homely
magnetism; but he does not go much
beyond the external characteristics; he
gets neither real pith nor pathos out of
the contrasting moods in the big
scenes; and at times, especially in that
big scene at the close of the third act,
where Pudd'nhead is in despair about
the mixed thumb marks, he reminds
you of the obvious artlficlalty of Den
man Thompson and James A. Hearne.
However, .the play, which is too well
known to need discussion now, is one
that will survive an uninspired actor in
the principal part. We found that out
when Hamilton played It with the
Frawleys. "Pudd'nhead Wilson" is
essentially a play of manners and at
mosphere, and demands a well trained
ensemble, which it gets at the hands
of the present good company. Miss
Maribel Seymour is a trlfile stilted in
the part of Rowey, but the most of the
characters are well cared for, especially
that of Tom Drlscoll, which Is still
played with delightful boyish freedom
by Frank Campeau.
ASHTON STEVENS.
New Comedy.
Of all the old-time plays since the time
of Shakespeare that have preserved their
freshness and popularity there Is none
that savors more of immortality than
"Uncle Tom's Cabin." The war for the
abolition of slavery and the preservation
of the Union has been ended for more
then a third of a century and the work
of Harriet Beecher Stowe is as popular
as it ever was. It is an interesting fact
in connection with this week's revival of
"Uncle Tom" at * the New Comedy
Theater on Bush street, that It comes
under the management of John F. Stowe,
a nephew of the gifted author of the
play. The company opened last night to
a good house, notwithstanding the south
easter that prevailed, and made a pal
pable hit.
Mr. Stowe has brought with him the
most elaborate production of the old
time piece that has been witnessed in this
State for many a year. There are forty
people ln the cast, twenty white and
twenty colored. Two carloads of special
scenery go with the company, so that the
scenic effects are not the least of the ex
cellent features of the show. There is
an abundance of specialties and no waits
between the acts. The choruses ln the
old-time darky songs are very enjoyable
and were encored again and again.
One of the most effective specialties of
the play is Mr. Stowe' s original American
production, "Remember the Maine," be
tween the first and the second acts. It
brought the house to Its feet again and
again. The war heroes, Dewey, Hobson,
Sampson, Schley and Miles appear ln
the tableaux and are cheered as heartily
as though they were the real persons
whom the actors are representing. There
Is also a reconstructed version of the
Pasmall Cakewalk, and between the third
and fourth acts there are choruses by
animated song sheets.
The company Is a good one and the
Topsy of Inez Wallace is especially good.
The play will draw big houses this week
as It deserves. It Is one of the best Uncle
Tom's that has ever been seen here.
Orpheum.
Barton Hill. Charles Wlllard and three
other legitimate players are appearing at
the Orpheum in a little farce by Milton
Nobles, entitled "Belinda Bailey's Board
ing-house." The piece, although modern
in its Incident, has something of an old
English comedy tone, and Mr. Hill and
Mr. Wlllard do excellent work as a pair
of matured and mercenary suitors. Mr.
Hill Is an actor of established reputation,
and It ls only right to say that the part in
this farce, while good enough so far as
it goes, does not tax his efforts to any
considerable extent. The other new-com
ers are favorably received, most notably
a young woman in the team of Krouse
and Rosa, who appears as a negro wench
and sings serious music in a clear, sweet
soprano. But the big feature of the bill
la still Papinta and her wonderful il
luminated dances.
Alcazar.
The attraction at the Alcazar last night
was Plnero's English comedy, "The Mag
istrate." It ls something like "Pink Dom
inoes," with the difference that the wife
is the deceiver instead of the husband.
Mrs. Farringdon, a charming widow, mar
ries M. Posket, a magistrate, after a
brief courtship. She has a son by her
first husband and the deception consists
of telling her husband that she is five j
years younger than her actual age, and
her son is only 14 Instead of 19. To keep
up this deception ls what constitutes the
plot and leads to amusing complications,
which are explained away to the satis
faction of all concerned. Miss Adelaide
Fltzallen, the new leading lady, made her
first appearance as the gay deceiver and
made a most favorable Impression. She
is possessed of a handsome figure and
fine stage presence and knows how to use
her voice to the best advantage. The
part was not strong enough to give her
a chance to display her talents, but when
the opportunity arises she will not be
found wanting. Miss Juliet Crosby as her
sister Charlotte looked charming. L. R.
Stockwell as Mr. Posket, the magistrate,
was as amusing as ever, but he was han
dicapped last night by a bad cold. Cls
Farrlngdon, the boy, was cleverly played
by Daniel Halifax, and Ernest Hastings
and Howard Scott had congenial parts
as Colonel Lukyn and Captain Horace
v ale. The other parts were well sus
tained.
The Chutes.
Planka, the "lady of lions," puts on
the best act ever seen at the Chutes Free
Theater, which is saying a -great deal.
She handles her big beasts entirely by
kindness, and to show her absolute con
fidence works in the den with them
bilindfolded for fully five minutes. They
eat strips of raw meat right from her
lips, jump through hoops of fire and give
a sensational performance lasting twenty
minutes.
Olympia.
The Olympla Music Hall has a strong
show on this week. Four new acts
opened, including the three De Bolien
brothers, original acrobats; Maude Gage,
whistler; Marie Wood, soprano; and the
Drummond sisters, acrobatic dancers.
Quertta Vincent is a great hit in her
songs and dances. She was recalled sev
eral times last night.
.
Columbia.
At the Columbia Willie Collier is still a
strong attraction In "The Man From
Mexico," one of the greatest farcical suc
cesses of the period. He will play all
week, giving way on Monday to Frank
Daniels, who brings several big comic
opera successes and a competent com
pany. \,.
Rosenthal's Last Recital.
Rosenthal will give his last recital In
this city at the Metropolitan Temple this
afternoon at 1:30 sharp. The hour Is early,
as he must catch the afternoon train for
bt. Louis. He will play the Interesting
programme that was announced in yester
day Call.
. ♦ .
The Tivoli.
"The Yellow Dwarf" entered its final
week at the Tivoli last night with several
new and attractive songs and specialties.
•A*- n^ comic opera of reputation, "The
\\ edding Day," will go on next week, and
Bernice Holmes will rejoin the company.
Morosco's.
The Hi Henry minstrels opened the sec
ond week with a taking change of bill.
Their engagement closes with Sunday
nights performance, after which the old
Grand Opera-house will be closed for re
pairs.
POLICEMAN CAUGHT
WITH STOLEN PAPERS
SERIOUS CHARGES AGAINST OF
FICER PRENDERGAST.
Used Vile and Abusive Language
When Accused of Theft by
the Carrier.
According to the statement of J. J.
Mackel, who for many years has owned
a route on The Call and has always been
regarded as a most reliable and trust
worthy man, Police Officer John J.
Prendergast is a common thief who
would stoop so low as to steal a news
paper from a doorstep and. then use the
vilest language toward the man he has
robbed. The article stolen is of value 'in
Itself, and, besides the annoyance caused
by Its loss to both customer and carrier
is great.
Prendergast's beat is along Sutter
street from Larkin to Fillmore, and in
accordance with the custom of the de
partment is on duty every alternate
morning from 12 to C.
Mackel supplies The Call's customers
in that section of the city. For conven
ience sake he has been in the habit of
leaving a bundle of twenty-five copies
In the hallway of the house at 1148 Sutter
street for one of the boys who does the
actual delivering. For the past two
weeks he has regularly missed two pa
pers from the pile on the mornings
Prendengast was on duty. The annoy
ance was so great that he decided to
watch the place, and one morning last
week caught the guardian of peace and
property coming out of the door. He
went back and counted the papers and
two were missing.
Determined on securing indisputable
evidence he set a trap for the larcenous
officer. He counted out the twenty-five
papers as usual and numbered them con
secutively from 1 to 25, placing the num
ber over the advertisement for the Ingle
side racetrack, where it would not read
ily be seen, He again watched the door
and again the wearer of the star disap
peared for a moment into the hallway.
Mackel followed him and on examining
the papers found Nos. 2 and 3 missing.
He then watched the policeman. Pren
dergast strolled lelsurly down Sutter
street to Polk, turned into Polk and left
an order for a beefstake at a restaurant,
visited a neighboring saloon and went
back to the ' restaurant, where he pro
ceeded to enjoy a hearty meal, with one
of the papers spread out in front of him.
Mackel went at once to the nearest
telephone and rang In for a patrol wagon.
It arrived at about 4:15 with Officer Lane
in charge. '■■*- ."••'•.
The indignant carrier told Lane to go
to the restaurant, where he would find a
policeman guarding life and property by
getting outside a beefstake, and that in
his possession would be two copies of
The Call, marked 2 and 3 on the Ingleside
advertisement. . Lane followed instruc
tions, and while he took the papers, posi
tively refused to arrest his brother offi
cer, even though found with stolen prop
erty in his possession.
Prendergast, for his part, put on a
bold front and tried to bulldoze the car
rier, breaking out Into language both
filthy and profane, and challenging
Mackel to do his worst.
At the Central Police Station Captain
Wlttman advised Mackel to get out a
warrant for the arrest of Prendergast.
He intends doing this and will also file
charges of neglect of duty and using
vile language with the Police Commis
sioners.
A New Year's Fall.
Edmund Palache, a bookkeeper, 72 years
old, died yesterday from the effect- of In
juries received on New Year's day, when
he fell down the stairs of the residence of
his daughter at 38 Maple avenue. He sus
tained a concussion of the brain, and
failed to rally. The body was taken to
the Morgue and an Inquest will be held
this morning. * ? '-:
Charged With Embezzlement.
Less Cohen, a race track sport, is want
ed "on charges of embezzlement as a
bailee. December 21 he got a gold watch
valued at $150 from Ralph Freidman, 11
Stockton street, and December 27 a dia
mond ring and pair of diamond earrings
from B. Lichenstein & Co. of the same
address, and refused to account for the
articles. .-..; '~W;
His Ear Drums Shattered.
James B. Anders has sued the Califor
nia Powder Works to recover damages
In the sum of $10,000 for personal, inju
ries. Anders was employed at defend
ant's works at Binole, when an explo
sion took place on July 27 last. The force
of the explosion shattered Anders' ear
drums, rendering him deaf for life.
CZAR'S MOTIVES NOBLE.
But Germany Will Keep on Arming
Just the Same.
LONDON. Jan. 10.— The Berlin corre
spondent of the Daily News says: Dis
cussing the Czar's disarmament procla
mation at a reception given by the
Presidents of the Reichstag recently,
Emperor William said he appreciated the
loftiness of the ideas and the nobility of
the motives of the Russian Emperor, but
he did not expect them to yield practical
results in this direction. Therefore the
Increase In the German army was no less
indispensable than before. : •
SAFE DESTROYED
BY CRACKSMEN
Robbery of a Bank in
Massachusetts.
CRUDE WORK OF BURGLARS
BUILDING BADLY WRECKED BY j
DYNAMITE.
Force of the Explosion Sufficient to
Blow a Bar of Iron Nearly
Across the :J _
Street. .. _____r
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ASHBURNHAM, Mass., Jan. The
safe of the First National Bank was
blown to pieces by dynamite at 2
o'clock this morning. Deputy Sheriff
Richardson, whose home is next to the
bank building, was awakened by the
shock of a heavy explosion which made
the house tremble and windows rattle.
Locating the source, he at once gave the
alarm.
The bank is on the second floor of a
two-story brick- building. The street
door of the main entrance had been
forced open with a jimmy, and a simi
lar process was applied to the door of
the bank upstairs. The burglars evi
dently charged the iron safe heavily
with dynamite, for It was blown to
pieces. Two of its doors were found
half way across the room and a bar of
Iron was blown through a window and
nearly across the street. All the win
dows in the place were demolished and
the furniture badly splintered.
A large quantity of drafts and about
$100 in money were found scattered
about the floor. Cashier Sawer esti
mates that the robbers took at least
$1500 and perhaps $2000. *»
The damage to the building is about
$2000. From the havoc created it is
judged that the burglars' knowledge of
safe-blowing was limited. The author
ties have in mind the work done re
cently at the Bethel, Me., Savings
Bank, the Wentham National Bank,
the Phenix National Bank of Phenix.
R. 1., and a Vermont bank within the
past few months, although there is
nothing in the line of positive evidence
to show that all these banks were vis
ited by the same men.
SULLIVAN DEFEATED
BY OSCAR GARDNER
"Omaha Kid" Knocks Out the Irish
Lad in the Seventeenth.
Round.
NEW YORK, Jan. 9.— The fight be
tween Oscar Gardner, the Omaha "Kid,"
and Dave Sullivan of Ireland ended dis
astrously for the latter ln the seven
teenth round before the Lenox Athletic
Club to-night. Sullivan seemed full of
fight when the seventeenth round opened
and went right to his man. In a clinch
the legs of both boxers became en
tangled, and Sullivan fell to the floor.
The moment he got up Gardner planted
two fearful right swings, on Dave's head
and put the Irishman down and out
with a wild left swing, which landed
flush on Sullivan's mouth. All -thro* vi
the blows were delivered within ten sec
onds, and the last one sent Sullivan into
the land of nod for the first time In his
ring career. *. "*. '"
Gardner's legs were in anything but
good shape, but despite Sullivan's efforts
to make him use them, the "Kid" re
fused to be coaxed into sprinting, and
saved himself for the supreme effort
when the time arrived. Gardner waited
frequently for Sullivan to go to him, and
would either lead or get inside Sullivan's
leads and counter hard. These tactics
puzzled Sullivan, and at times rattled
him so he showed unmistakable signs of
having lost his temper. Sullivan was
beaten fairly and squarely, and there was
no excuse when the bout was over.
If the attendance to-night can be taken
as an indication of that which will visit
the big arena to witness the McCoy-
Sharkey bout to-morrow night, then a
crowded house will surely see the contest
for the heavy-weight honors. From the
moment that the doors of the club-house
were thrown open to-night a steady
stream of patrons passed through the
turnstiles, and by the time the prelimi
nary bout was put on- there were over
6000 people in the house.
The men were billed for a twenty-five
round bout at catch weights. Gardner
said he weighed 120 pounds and Sullivan's
seconds said Dave was five pounds
heavier. After the men had donned the
gloves the betting took a turn in Gard
ner's favor, $2000 being laid on him at 100
to 80.
Bavarian Statesman Dead.
MUNICH, Jan. The death is an
nounced of the Bavarian ex-Premier
Braysteinburg, who on November 23. 1870,
at Versailles, concluded the treaty by
which Bavaria agreed to enter the con
federation of Northern Germany, imme
diately followed by the recognition •of
King William of Prussia as the head of
the new German Empire.
LOOK
*r~ v;yy;y,
For one moment at yourself. Are you
in "good trim?" You are not in that
state that perfect men are. You fear,
and tremble all the time. If not actu-
ally shaking, you are ever afraid that
you are not full of vitality.
AT
Once on discovering this sad state of'
existence you should realize what it'-
will mean for you in the future. You
will grow more like a weakling than
you are now. You will further drain
your system if you continue to neglect
health.
YOUR—
Splendid feeling of full strength may
be restored to you. Quite an army of
men who were hopeless are now full of
vim and fire. It is certain that you
may again know what being brimful of 1
life means, but delays are danger-'
ous.
SELF
■ ■yy. :--;-.; ' 1
It is yourself you must consider. Do
not hesitate. Write and ask for free!
circulars and testimonials telling you'
what "Hudyan" does for puny men. It
cures them always. Rapidly, surely/
permanently. Be a man once more.
But "Hudyan,". and "Hudyan" only,
does this grand work. '
—^_-_.. ._■■,
■-■_
If. you have a suspicion that you have
blood taint in any form ask for abso-
lutely free medical advice and free "30-
-day blood cure" circulars. All forms of
the disease flee. No after effects.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts*,
• *_-' SAN FRANCISCO. ' : . _STRUGGLING FOR
THE INCOME OF
TWO CHILDREN
Mrs. James Daniell, Formerly
Mrs. Robert Hastings, Travels
in Haste From London
to This City. .
She Leaves Her Husband at New York,
Joins the Rev. Dr. Hemphill and
Crosses the Continent — Revival
of an Old Domestic
Quarrel.
The domestic infelicities of the house
of Hemphill and that of Hastings are
again stirring local gossips with a pros
' pect of new sensations in a domestic con
troversy that is well known to San Fran
• ciscans. The Rev. Dr. Hemphill has
chased across the continent and back
•again, his stepdaughter and her husband
have traveled from London to this city
and the Probate Court is likely to be the
. scene of another battle of the family. The
stepdaughter of the Rev. Dr. Hemphill,
it will be remembered, is Mrs. James
Daniell. Before her marriage to Mr.
Danieii she was the widow of Robert
Hastings and a woman of enormous
wealth. She had two children by her first
husband and it is over these children and
their financial interests that a new quar
rel has arisen.
Daniell arrived in the city last night
from Xew York. He came looking for his
wife, but he did not find her. She had
preceded him by two days from Xew York
under the protecting wing of Rev. Dr.
Hemphill. Mr. Daniell was unable, in con
sequence, to locate her. and is exceedingly
. wroth. The story of his mission and of
his journey is particularly interesting.
Money is the basis of it. When Judge
•Hastings died he left, in addition to his
enormous fortune, a very large private
* Income to his son, Robert Hastings. In
the distribution of the rest of his estate
.the old man willed that his property
should remain intact until his youngest
' grandson, a son of Robert Hastings, had
reached the age of 21 years.
When Robert Hastings died his wife,
Mrs. Mamie Hastings, inherited her hus
* band's estate and income and became the
guardian of her children. Her mother,
Mrs. Coghill, had married the Rev. Dr.
Hemphill. Mother and daughter could
hot agree, and the daughter left the city
'to seek a new home. She had secured
from the Probate Court a princely month
ly allowance for her children, and her
mother and stepfather insinuated that
she sought BO large an amount in order
thut she might use some of it herself.
Mrs. Mamie Hastings did not take
kindly to these criticisms and went to
London to live. She met and married
James Daniell. The mariage did not
* meet the favor of the Rev. Dr. Hemphill
and his wife, but Mrs. Daniell seemed to
be supremely uninterested in their opin
ion. She took steps to become a British
subject and to transfer her guardianship
authority gradually to the English
courts.
• Not long ago she was informed by her
attorney in this city that through the
agency of the Rev. Dr. Hemphill the al
lowance made by the Probate Court to
, her children had been greatly reduced.
She and her husband determined to come
to San Francisco at once. Mr. Daniell
declared last night that there was at
that time nothing to suggest a disagree
ment between him and his wife. Hus
band, wife and two children left London
the day before Christmas and arrived in
Xew York on January 1.
At Xew York Mrs. Daniell was met by
the Rev. Dr. Hemphill and the next thing
that Mr. Daniell knew his wife, the two
. children and the Rev. Dr. Hemphill were
■ en the way to this city. They left Xew
York on Tuesday and on their arrival here
registered at the Palace Hotel. Mr.
Daniell left New York two days later and
reached this city last night. He could
not obtain apartments at the Palace and
registered at the Grand. He scouts the
' rumors of gossips that there Is to be
;. divorce proceedings between him and hfs
wife. He declares that were it not for
what he calls the unwarranted and selfish
interference of Dr. Hemphill everything
-would be peaceful in his home.
When Mr. Danlell arrived at the Palace
last night he was besieged by reporters.
.but he refused to say anything In connec
tion with his object in visiting this city.
■He wanted the beat suite of rooms in the
; hotel, but the clerk informed him that the
, rooms were all taken and that he would
* .have to go across the street to the Grand
..•Hotel for accommodations. This did not
seem to please Mr. Daniell. and he had
. no hesitancy in venting his displeasure
on all 'hose who approached him.
VESUVIUS IS
IN ERUPTION
Scecial Dispatch to The Call.
7 NEW YORK. Jan. 9.-A Journal spe
: Cial from Rome says: Mount Vesuvius
"is again in a violent state of eruption.
For some time the mountain has been
; spouting spasmodically, but last night
■ all the old craters broke out with tre
-.■niepdous bursts of flame and a flow
:■ of. molten lava.
* Late reports from Naples say the
: sight to-night is a wonderful and terri
fying spectacle. Great masses of molten
-■matter and towers of flame are ejected
. t more than 600 feet in the air. The
; : whole side of the mountain is red with
t running lava.
■■It is not yet known whether any
,*- lives have been lost. Lava covered
> many of the places near craters, for
: merly visited by tourists, and is now
7 flowing in scores of streams down the
mountain. .
ANARCHY CONTINUES
IN KOREA'S CAPITAL
■ '• . TACOMA, Jan. 9.— The steamship Ta
.. icoma brings news that Seoul, the capital
'.•of Korea, remains In a state of anarchy.
. I ln December a mob of peddlers again took
*. possession of Seoul streets and threatened
to destroy the entire city. Later their
■ .threats and efforts were directed against
'several Christian churches built in Seoul
"by missionaries and native Christians.
• * . :•'• ■■;-:..
I After making inquiries as to the where
: abouts of his wife Mr. Daniell went into
: the grill room and ordered a hearty din
; ncr, after which he drifted into better
| humor. The presence of Dr. Hemphill in
the hotel did not seem to please him, anQ
i when the latter's name was broached Mr.
Daniell's face took on an exasperated ex
pression.
After much parleying he was finally In
duced to make a statement. He told his
story in a straightforward fashion, and
claimed that he had letters to prove that
every word he uttered was the gospel
truth. He said:
"There is absolutely no truth in the ru
mor that my wife and I have had any do
mestic quarrels. All statements to that
effect are absolutely groundless and are
- being circulated by malicious tongues.
The statement that my wife was induced
! to leave me in New York City by her
stepfather, Dr. John Hemphill, fa equally
false. I remained in Xew York for the
reason that 1 had many important busi
ness arrangements to make before start
ing out here.
"We came out here to protect our
rights and the rights of our children from
the Intrigues of a designing stepmother
I and stepfather. Mr. and Mrs. John
Hemphill have interferred with our do
: mestic felicity and they both have been
trying for years to get control of our
little girl. Mrs. Hemphill has been
badgering us to get the little girl and she
has, as I can prove, gone so far as to
assert that my wife is not a fit person
to be the guardian of her own children.
Mrs. Hemphill came over to our home in
London last October and did her best to
induce my wife to let her take the child
home with her.
"Mrs. Daniell and myself came to this
city chiefly on account of impending liti
gation connected with Mrs. Daniell's two
children by her first marriage. Mrs. John
Hemphill and her husband have been in
strumental in persuading the Probate
Court of San Francisco to reduce the al
lowances which Mrs. Daniell has received
for her two children out of the Hastings
trust estate since 1893. As long ago as
that year my wife, who was then Mrs.
Mamie Hastings, was constantly annoyed
by her stepfather and stepmother with
threats of removal from guardianship
and other worries referring to her chil
dren's estate. She was then advised by
her solicitor in this city to take up her j
residence in New York.
"Soon after her marriage with me her
solicitor wrote to her, strongly urging her
to get herself appointed in England guar- i
dian of the persons and estates of her two
children. After some delay the children
were declared wards of the Court of
Chancery in England. Certain technicali
ties to conform with the California Code
had to be complied with, and then, after
some delay, the papers were forwarded to
my wife s solicitor in this city to* enable
him to transfer the guardianship and in
come of the children to England.
"Mr. and Mrs. Dr. Hemphill on hearing
this spread abominable insinuations to the
effect that my wife was desirous of ob
taining the whole of the income from her
children a trust estate. Xow, any sensi
ble person would know (and my wife's
solicitor stated in writing) that she would
only receive the allowance made by the
court in the city and the balance of the
income would be invested by the Court
of Chancery for the benefit of the chil
dren.
'-'Not content with this assurance mv
wifes mother, Mrs. Dr. Hemphill, has
left no stone unturned to defeat a final
transfer of the children's income from
this city to England. Only last month we
received a telegram in London from my
H? fe T? solictor in this city stating that
the Hemphllls had persuaded the Probate
| Court .^ re to reduce the children's In
come $600 per month, their only object be
ing to force my wife to come out here
herself. They knew that if my wife came
to this city she would certainly bring the
children with her and cause the Hemp
| hills to spread the most outrageous re
porta about me. They will no doubt put
'■very obstacle in the way of the children
returning to their home j n England,
where they are being educated and well
| cared fyr.
tj" l have no hesitancy in branding Dr.
Hemphill as a designing fraud. I have
| every reason to believe that they have
; been plotting to thwart every move that
i will be made to bring about a speedy set
: tlement. My wife has a private income
> of her own. and so have I. for that mat
i ter. V\ hy. before my wife or her children
came in for their large estate the Hemp
l hills treated her most cruelly. She in
; formed me that her stepfather wanted
| her at one time to leave his home.
"When I arrived here to-night I was in
formed that Parson Hemphill had been
browsing about here like a cow all even
ing. I'd like to know what business he
has prying Into affairs of this kind."
Telegrams to Japanese' papers state that
the churches were defended by hundreds
of Christians bearing small crosses and
flags with a cross upon them. The Chris
tians were divided into companies, each
with a captain, for the protection of their
chapels and mission property.
As the Christians had been entirely inof
fensive and the people sympathized with
them, the peddlers did not dare attack
them. Encouraged by this, the Christians
assembled In front of the Metropolitan
police office and demanded the arrest of
the peddlers' leaders. No actinn was takeo
and at last accounts the Christians were
camped in churches and church yards.
The Christians have favored the pro
gressive ideas advanced by the Independ
ence Club, which accounts for the wrath
of the peddlers against them. Other fac
tions In Seoul have organized their forces,
some favoring the peddlers and some the
Independents.
Brief messages have been received at
Toklo announcing that Mount Klrishimi
is In violent eruption. This mountain is
located near Miyazaki and occasionally
throws out lava. The present eruption is
the most violent known in many years.
Its outflows of lava and ashes have
destroyed several villages and large crops
in productive valleys. The latest report
said that lava had reached Miyazaki and
thousands were fleeing for their lives.
Miss Brown, an American missionary,
has been drowned by falling Into the river
near Shouyank Shansl province, China-
URGE THE ABOLITION
OF SUGAR BOUNTIES
LONDON, Jan. 9.— At a crowded meet
ing of the Anti-Sugar Bounty League
held in London this evening a resolution
was adopted demanding that the British
Government immediately conclude a con
vention with Germany, Austria, Holland
and Belgium to abolish bounties and to
guarantee producers security in the open
British markets against state-aided com
petition.
Lieutenant General John W. Laurier.
Conservative member of Parliament for
Pembroke borough, who represented Can
ada at the meeting, strongly advocated
countervailing duties. He pointed out
that Canada was also suffering from
bounties given on French fish.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 10, 1899.
ARMY BEEF OF
GOOD QUALITY
So Say Witnesses Before
War Investigators.
SWIFT'S MEN ARE HEARD
THEY TELL OF CLOSE INSPEC
TION OF CATTLE.
The Assertion That Chemicals Were
Used to Preserve Meat Is
Also Most Vigorously
Denied.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 9.— Fred "W.
Wilder, general superintendent of Swift
& Co. of Chicago, appeared before the
War Investigating Commission to-day.
The witness said he had general charge
of all the packing, canning and slaugh
tering of cattle for the Chicago plant
and gave a general account of the prac
tical working of the meat business. He
said that all the cattle were bought
from commission firms at the stock
yards and there given ante-mortem in
spection by a Government official and
then driven to the abattoir, being well
cooled before killed. A skinning gang
of ..fteen men would butcher about 120
cattle, an hour. The cattle were then
subjected to a post-mortem examina
tion, also by Government inspectors,
who examined the lungs, liver and in
testines.
The company had had as many as
twenty cattle a week condemned at this
inspection, being about twenty out of
9000. The condemnation was mostly
due to tuberculosis. The condemned
animals are then taken by the govern
ment inspectors and the carcasses then
go to the refuse tank, when the only
use is to take the grease for lubricating
purposes and the remainder for fertiliz
ing. The good meat is stamped by the
government inspector and certified for
the market.
The beef is cooled for forty-eight
hours before shipping, the temperature
being run down gradually from 45 to
36 or 38 degrees. The shipping cars are
thoroughly washed and aired between
shipments and are cooled by ice and
salt. The temperature in the cars is
from 33 to 36. Export beef is Inclosed
in a cheesecloth bag to keep it clean
and to prevent chafing. There are icing
stations every twenty-four hours on
each railroad shipping line and the
cars are reiced that often.
The witness said different cities took
different grades of beef. Boston de
manded the best beef in the country
and Baltimore about the cheapest. New
York stood -between the two. Part of
the beef ordered by the Government
during the war was sent from Kansas
City, although most of it was from
Chicago. The contract with the Gov
ernment called for the best fat steers,
not less than 600 pounds for dressed
carcass. These specifications were
complied with.
Referring to the much-discussed
"beard" on the refrigerator meat, Mr.
Wilder said the large wholesalers who
supplied the best hotels in Chicago
"aged" all their beef before selling it
and got an advanced price for it after
it accumulated the "beard." He said
the meat was better in every respect
after being aged.
As to complaints regarding the army
contract beef he said the Manitoba
shipment was the only one condemned.
This was shipped July 30, and was not
thrown overboard until September 18.
Witness had been in the export busi
ness ten years and in the Liverpool and
London trade, where the beef was from
ten to eighteen days in transit, and had
never lost one quarter of beef.
Witness denied that any chemicals
were used in preserving any of the
meat sold by his firm and said that
among other objections, it would be
useless, would be a detriment to the
beef and an extra expense. The beef
for export was not the best beef, but a
fair quality. y-yy
Dr. Connor sought to bring out how
they determined "Inanimate beef" is
or is not or has not been tubercular.
Colonel Denby, presiding, objected
that the Government inspectors were
the ones who were responsible.
"All right," continued Dr. Connor. "I
will wait to examine the Government
of the United States."
John J. Murphy, who supervises the
handling of the refrigerator cars and
for fifteen years has been an employe
of Swift & Co., testified to the same
general effect.
Mr. Gardner went into a detailed de
scription of the ammonia refrigerating
plant. He explained that the ammonia
merely furnished the cold air to keep
the meat at a proper temperature. The
ammonia did not come in contact with
the meat or affect it in any way.
As to the keeping properties of re
frigerated meat, he said that in his
opinion meat was at its best after three
weeks in the cooler. It would remain
at its best for perhaps ten days longer,
after which gradual deterioration set
in. vyy.-
Mr. Gardner supported the denials of
the other beef company employes that
chemicals were used in the preserva
tion of the company's meat.
G. F. Swift, the head of the firm of
Swift & Co., of Chicago, was the next
witness. Mr. Swift, at the request of
the commission, went into a general
description of the beef business from
the time the cattle reached the stock
yards until they were delivered to the
retail butcher shops. This testimony
had been largely anticipated by the re
cital of his superintendent, Mr. Wilder,
earlier in the day. The quality' of
beef sent to Cuba and Porto Rico. Mr.
Swift said, was just about the quality
demanded by the New York trade.
Regarding chemicals, Mr. Swift said
most positively that he had never used
them in all his forty years' experience
as a butcher, and he knew of no
chemical that could be used with ad
vantage to either the seller or con
sumer.
TO PURCHASE CANNED
MEAT FOR INSPECTION
WASHINGTON. Jan. 9.— Secretary Wil
son has directed Chemist Wiley of the
Department of Agriculture to purchase
canned meat in the open market here, the
products of the same concerns as fur
nished it to the Government during the
war, and to make analysis of the cans'
contents to determine if they were
treated by chemicals. This action on the
part of Secretary Wilson is wholly volun
tary. The Inquiry is now in progress
and prompt publicity will be given the
results.
Department officials are confident the
beef as furnished under the contracts was
wholesome and pure. They say that the
attacks made on the beef, even if not
sustained, will cost the meat interests in
the country an amount equal to the cost
of the entire war. and furnish material
in the future for the opposition of those
countries which have been all along fight
ing the admission of American beef prod
ucts, y v .
, The Secretary says there is no . doubt
that the decision of the allegations made
will give a setback to the negotiations
that have been making for years for re
moval of European restrictions on our
products.
CAPTAIN GLASS MAY
BE MADE GOVERNOR
Possibility of the Charleston's
Commander BeiQg Assigned
to Rule Guam IslaQd.
CAPTAIN HENRY GLASS,
Call Offlce, Riggs House, Washington, Jan. 9.
As heretofore stated in The Call's dispatches, the friends of Captain
Kempff are working to prevent his proposed appointment as Governor Gen
eral of Guam Island. California Senators and Representatives are inter
esting themselves in his behalf. It is understood he would like to be made
Commandant of Mare Island Navy-yard.
At the Navy Department to-day it was suggested that Captain Glass of
the Charleston might be made Governor of Guam. Secretary Lon" re
gards Captain Glass highly and so does Secretary Alger. On account of
his superior ability he was made Captain of the Port at Manila, which
duties he discharged to the full satisfaction of the War and Navy Depart
ments. It was argued by a War Department official high in authority to
day that Captain Glass was not only a naval, officer of ability, but inas
much as the Charleston took possession of Guam Island and transported
her Governor a captive to Manila, it would be especially appropriate that
he be made American Governor.
"Besides," said this official, "he is a gentleman of culture and a man of
fine executive ability."
"But," said another officer, "you are giving some very good reasons
why Captain Glass should not be appointed. He* is too good a man to exile
on that God-forsaken island."
JULIO SANGUILLY
SEEKS TROUBLE
Cuban General Does Not
Heed Warning.
IGNORES LUDLOW'S ORDER
STRUTS AROUND HAVANA WITH
A RABBLE FOLLOWING.
Conduct of the Impudent Insurgent
Reported to His Superiors, Who,
May Have to Call
Him Down.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HAVANA, Jan. 9.— Major General
Ludlow, Military Governor of the De
partment of Havana, recently requested
the Cuban general, Julio Sanguilly, to
stay outside the city, or, in the event
of his entering it, not to wear his uni
form in public. Sanguilly was informed
in writing that he would be severely
dealt with in the event of provoking
any more trouble such as occurred at
the Alblsu Theater a few nights ago,
when, with a party of friends, he al
most provoked a physical conflict with
two members of the municipal police
who had not saluted him. General Lud
low sent a copy of the letter to Gen
eral Mayia Rolrigues, Sanguilly's su
perior, and it ls understood General
Rodrigues also cautioned him.
But to-day he has been seen around
the city conspicuous in a white duck
suit and white brimmed Panama hat,
wearing the tl.ee gold stars of a ma
jor general, attended by eight or ten
friends, curling his long gray mustache
and twisting his imperial. He has been
ostentatiously posing in the cafes, ut
terly without regard to General Lud
low's directions. Sanguilly seems to be
looking for trouble. Though unpopular
*. ith the Cuban chiefs, he has a large
folloving among the lower classes. The
attention of General Rodrigues will be
called to this obstreperous officer and
it is considered better to let his own
people handle him.
La Lucha to-day publishes a dispatch
from Vaguajay, near Caibairen, pro
vince of Santa Clara, reporting that on
Saturday the Cubans there killed an
old man formerly in the employ of the
Spanish authorities. The paper says
that General Maximo Gomez promptly
arrested six members of his staff who
were concerned in the killing and
turned them over to the municipal au
thorities at Caibairen.
Surgeon General Sternberg devoted
yesterday and the greater part of to
day to a thorough. inspection of all the
Havana hospitals.
The proceedings against Dr. C. C. Jo
loffe, the discharged army contract sur
geon, who was arrested on Saturday by
the United States authorities on the
charge of practicing without a license,
unlawfully wearing the United States
uniform and failing to report a case of
infectious disease, were dismissed to
day and Dr. JolofTe was released from
custody. ;
Injured While Coasting.
ITHACA, N. V.. Jan. 9.— As a result of
a coasting accident on Upper City Hill
R. Trautchold of Montclalr, N. J., E. G.
Stadc-r of San Francisco and F. D. Ray of
Chicago, all Cornell students, were seri
ously injured and are now in Cornell In
firmary. Trautchold sustained concussion
of the brain and his recovery is uncertain.
The condition of the other students is fa
yorabla.
CHINESE PREVENT
A FRENCH COUP
Guard Against Seizure of
Territory.
WARSHIPS ON THE WATCH
HAVE ORDERS TO FIRE IF A
MOVE BE MADE.
Entire Fleet Rendezvoused at Nan
king to Hold a French Ship
of War in
* Check.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 9.— According
to advices received from Shanghai the
Chinese officials have learned a lesson
from the German seizure of Kiaochow.
Dispatches received there from Nan
king say that when it was reported that
owing so the difficulties of settling the
French claims regarding the Nlngfo
Cemetery riot the French intended, as
did the Germans, to seize some place
in the Yangtse Valley both Viceroys
Liv and Chang, who are in charge of
the defenses of the great river, made
every preparation to prevent the
threatened coup, and all military at
taches from near Shanghai to Ichang
received strict orders to resist any such
aggression as was expected, on pain of
losing their heads. Extra troops were
called in from the interior to reinforce
the garrison on the Yangtse and large
quantities of ammunition were sent to
them, with orders to use it fully when
needed.
When Count de'Besaure arrived with
the French cruiser Descates she began
to steam hither and thither, taking
soundings, and two Chinese warships
were ordered to watch her. The French
warship, they reported, had run out
all her guns and was prepared for ac
tion.
The Viceroy Liv, expectant of more
French cruisers coming to the Descates'
reinforcement, has ordered the Chinese
fleet to rendezvous at Nanking. He
has also ordered officers in command of
the Yangtse defenses to open fire if
any suspicious movement is seen. The
Chinese press regards the French
claims as preposterous and charge the
French with trying to pick a quarrel
with some object in view. The Chinese
are resolved to resist any aggression
and should the French take action there
will be trouble.
HOUSE REVERSES
FORMER ACTiON
Appropriation for the Civil Service
Commission Restored to
Its Place.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9.— The House to
day reversed the decision of the commit
tee of the whole last Friday, when the
appropriation for the Civil Service Com
mission was struck from the legislative,
executive and Judicial appropriation bill.'
In committee, where members do not go
on record, the appropriation was stricken
out by a vote of 67 to 61. To-day when
the roll was called the appropriation was
restored, the motion to strike out being
defeated-97 to 119.
The House to-day, by special order, de
cided to proceed with the consideration of
the naval personnel bill as soon as the bill
for the : codification of the laws of Alaska
is out of the way. About seventy addi
tional pages of the latter bill were cov
ered to-day, leaving almost 100 pages un
disposed of.
IS NOT GUILTY
OF SMUGGLING
Supreme Court Decides
the Keck Case.
FAILED TO LAND DIAMONDS
AND THEREFORE CRIMINAL ACT
WAS NOT COMPLETE.
However, Several Justices Dissent
and Hold That the Law Was
Clearly Violated by the
Accused.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9. -The United
States Supreme Court, through Justice
White, to-day rendered an opinion in
the case of Herman Keck, charged with
smuggling diamonds into the United
States, holding that he was not guilty
as charged, and thus reversing the
verdict of the United States District
Court for the Eastern District of
Pennsylvania.
This case involved the construction
and the meaning of the word smug
gling and of paragraph 476 of the
Wilson tariff act, under which it was
claimed that it was intended to make
diamonds free because a semicolon fol
lows the word diamonds in this para
graph. The court held on this latter
point that it was merely an error of
punctuation and that diamonds were
dutiable under paragraph 338 of the
Wilson act imposing a duty on precious
stones generally.
The court gave its principal attention
to the charge of smuggling, holding
that it was not applicable because the
goods in question were not landed and
that, therefore, the act was not com
pleted. The diamonds which were al
leged to have been smuggled were
brought to the United States by the
captain of the steamer Rhinelander. at
the request of Keck, who appears to
have met the captain in Antwerp pre
vious to sailing, and to have requested
him to bring over a package, the con
tents of which he did not mention, and
forward it upon his arrival to a per
son in Cincinnati, whose name Keck
gave him.
His package proved to contain dia
monds,' and when the Rhinelander
reached the harbor at Philadelphia, the
customs inspectors, who had been no
tified of the probable arrival of the
package, boarded the vessel and made
a demand upon the captain for it. He
promptly turned it over and it was
confiscated and Keck placed under ar
rest on the double charge of smuggling
and illegally importing the diamonds.
In the District Court for the Eastern
District of Pennsylvania he was found
guilty. The effect of Justice White's
decision was to reverse the decision of
the District Court and remand the
case.
In passing upon the charge of smug
gling. Justice White said the common
law meaning of the word still attached
to it since its incorporation into the
statutes of the United States and that
the definition of the word under the
common law embraced the taking of
goods through the lines of the custom
house. He concluded that in this in
stance the attempt at smuggling was
not completed, and said that it was
clear that an act could not be criminal
If something essential remains to ren
der ii. complete.
Four of the members of the court,
Chief Justice Fuller and Justices Har
lan, Brewer and Brown, dissented, and
Justice Brown delivered a minority
opinion defining the word smuggling
as meaning an attempt to clandestinely
Introduce merchandise into the coun
try and holding that Keck was guilty
under this construction. He said that
the definition which the court had
given the word, namely, that it refer
red especially to the unloading of
goods, had never found lodgment in a
law dictionary of accepted authority,
nor in adjudicated cases.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
t_'*^* J^^iW{J_W<B?TCT3agnTßW'T r Ji^»]^^BM«»l«_A ~'7? S-\_ .
SJ__3_gj BBpv "^^» "^^^^D _S
iH_E_rnr__r — jazS __nf _*__ i__ip_*'^' , -w_l'^_____l l
yr^^^ M—M raE3__p_________H_K____fe_^fr/^^^K !________
♦ There is one thing very noticeable In the type of young men of this
+ day — they are either athletes or nothing. A man who takes care of his
O physical body is in a certain sense an athlete. He is making himself a
O better man every day of his life. It is true that you must progress or
♦ decline; there ls no middle station. Surely if you don't take care of
4 yourself. if you indulge in the dissipations open to you, decline is cer-
O tain, and as a man you soon become nothing.
0 The simple reason in both cases is that the man who takes good care
<► of his health is storing up energy every day, while the man who does
° not Is wasting his energy as fast as he gets it.
O ■ The perfection of physical manhood is the study of my life. It has
*.♦ occupied me for twenty years. 1 know that any man with sufficient vl-
? tality may become a physical giant. I know that Electricity is the basis
t of manly vigor. My Dr. Sanden Electric Belt charges the entire physi-
-2 cal body with Electricity every night while you sleep. -During your rest
O your power is increasing day by day. Ten thousand men say it made
O them strong. Will you try it?
♦ My book, "Three Classes of Men," is devoted to this subject. It is
9 full of the things a man with a desire to be strong likes to read. You
O can have it, closely sealed, free. Call if you can and let me show you
J my method. Write to
♦ dr. a., a. Mclaughlin, ■ * — — — *
° 7C2 fcarket Btreot, Comer Kearny, San rranoiaoD. MOT IN DRUG STORES.
O Office hours. Sa.m.to S p. m. ; Sundays, 10
▲ to 1. Branches at Los Angeles, Cal., 232 West Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt
O Second street; Portland, Or., 253 Washington ls never sold ln drug stores •
7 street; Denver, Colo.. S3l Sixteenth street; nor by traveling agents; only
♦ Dallas, Tex., 285 Main street; Butte. Mont., lat our office.
O no North Main street. * *
, ♦ O*-O-*O-»-0-»- <*)-♦■ *-0 + 0-*O-»- 0-*O-*-0 -•- 0-*-0-*0"»-0-»-0>0*"-*0-*0-»-0-»- o-*o-»-o-*-o
MUSSELS THEIR
FOOD FOR DAYS
Castaways Stranded on
Tracy Island.
ADVENTURE OF DR. PHILLIPS
SAILED UP ALASKAN COAST IN
A CATAMARAN.
Encounters a Storm, Escapes to Short
and Is Saved From Starva
tion by Indian
Hunters. "*>
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Jan. 9— Dr. S. D. Phillips,
a young dentist from Buffalo. >,*. V.,
has just reached this city from Fort
Simpson, B. C, with the story of a
most startling experience as a casta
way upon Tracy Island, In Dixon's En
trance. After having been shipwrecked
in a fearful storm he and two com
panions subsisted on mussels for seven
days, when they finally became de
lirious.
Dr. Phillips was the man who created
considerable comment here last spring
by his daring project to sail up the
Alaskan coast in a catamaran. Few
people believed that he would make the
trip in .**».ety and many considered him
foolharuy to the point of absurdity.
But he and one companion, William
Bridges, did make the trip safely during
the spring and summer. They weath
ered some of the fiercest gales that have
been known to the Klondike travelers.
They went to Fort Simpson and there
secured a small schooner, intending to
go north. Un the night of November
23 a storm arose and the schooner was
carried from her place of anchorage to
the open sea, with Phillips and two
companions aboard. The wind blew
the schooner on the shore of Tracy
Island and as she struck the rocks tho
men dived into the surf and managed
to get ashore.
Through the remainder of the night
with the fierce wind blowing and
the cold rain and snow falling, the three,
men shivered among the rocks on the
shore of Tracy Island. When daylight
came they were cold and hungry. For
seven days, with only mussels to eat,
they waited to be rescued. Then the
three became delirious and knew noth
ing until they became conscious in an
Indian tent on the mainland, having
been rescued by Indian hunters who
chanced to pass in canoes. Phillips tells
this story of the rescue:
"I think it was on the morning of the
seventh day that both Bridges and my
self had become delirious. We had
kept up the fires until that time. It was
two days afterward we came to our
senses. Then we were In an Indian
camp on the mainland, where we were
being kindly cared for. We learned
that an Indian. Joshua Wells, and his
two sons were passing Tracy Island,
going on a hunting trip. They saw the
! smoke from c-ur fires, and, believing
I that Indians were on the island hunt
j ing they stopped, when they saw us.
"They took us over in their canoes to
l their camp. Wells said that on the
i way we cried so for food that he gave
us some dry Indian bannock, made of
flour, water and grease, which we ate
fiercely. At their camp they gave us
rice soup until we showed signs of
sanity. In two days we had regained
our reason and the three of us went
back to Fort Simpson, which was four
teen miles away."
DINGLEY VERY WEAK.
I The Sick Congressman in Delirium
Much of the Time.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9.— Representative
Dingley's condition to-night is again such
as to cause his family much concern. He
is simply holding his own. his system,
weakened by disease, refusing to respond
to the nourishment and medicines given
him. During the day he has had periods
of consciousness and recognized his
friends, but there has been much delirium.
56
TUESDAY JANUARY 10, 1899
* *. ■ ~
/•'/■: JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
"'V: : Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE. Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
:'':". •• * Telephone Main 1868.
C° EDITORIAL R00M5..... 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) I*
•• sftrved by carriers In tbis city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year: per montb
"\ 65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL, 10 paftes .One year, by mall. $1
.. OAKLAND OFFICE 90S Broadway
'NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Buildinft
..'•;■• -DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rlfifta House
■7 .";"• C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
7 CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
.7c. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Mootgomery street, corner Clay,
•; open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street. ooen until
s.** I *-.. 9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
'.'.••'o'clock- 615 Larkin street, open uotll 9:30 o*"tlock
-1941 Mission street, open uotll 10 o'clock 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
' Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- "06 Eleventh)
street, open uotll 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
'• until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
*7 Kentucky streets, open, until 9 o'clock-
: ;' eMUshMENT*
' . Columbia— "The Man From Mexico."
■ California— "Pudd'nhead Wilson."
Alcazar— "The Magistrate."
Tlvoll— "The Yellow Dwarf."
Morosco's— lll Henry Minstrels.
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
. botoedy— "Uncle Tom's Cabin."
The Chutes— Gorilla Man. Vaudeville and the Zoo.
" . Olympla — Corner Mason and Eddy streets. Specialties.
Central Park— The Steeplechase.
• ./I.ngleslde Racetrack ßaces To-day. __^_^____^___^_-
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank W. Butterfleld— This day, January 10, at 11 a.
m.. at SOS Grant aye.. Furniture, Carpets, etc.
EXTRAORDINARY CONTUMACY.
ACCORDING to Chief Lees, the Judges of the
Police Court are now standing in the way of
the suppression of the pool-room evil. On
Saturday last he attempted to procure warrants for
the arrest of several pool-sellers south of Market
street and was met by those officials with a flat re
fusal to issue them. This completely blocked his
operations, whereupon he sat down and wrote the
Merchants' Association, inclosing a copy of a report
by Captain Spillane, setting forth in detail the
grounds of the refusal and the fact that his officers
could not do their duty under the circumstances.
No explanation has been made of the action of the
Police Judges in the premises. It is unofficially
stated that they have disagreed as to what particular
Judge shall try the pool-room cases, and that there
.fere they have concluded, in the absence of an agree-
inent, not to issue any warrants at all. No defense
of the Police Judges is attempted. They simply exer
cise arbitrary power, which they possess, and which
they 7 are at liberty to exercise in the absence of a
greater power to compel them to do their duty.
•This is really the most extraordinary situation
which has ever yet beset San Francisco. The law
is*- being violated by a large number of pool-sellers.
That is recognized even by the Police Judges them
selves!* But because they cannot agree on who shall
try. the cases — in other words, who shall incur the
political odium of prosecuting 'a certain class of in
fluential criminals the Police Judges calmly refuse
foset the machinery of the law in motion and bring
the pool-sellers to the bar of justice.
It would seem as though it were about time for
somebody to take the Police Judges in hand. Those
officials have no discretion in the issuance of war
rants, provided an offense is sworn to. If Captain
Spillane and his officers are willing to swear that a
crime • has been committed there is no power au
thorized to refuse the issuance of a warrant. After
the - pool-sellers are arrested the Police Judges may
make political combinations with them and release
them, bur for that they will be responsible to the pub
lic. They have no authority whatever to refuse to
issue warrants and in doing so they are amenable to
impeachment.
The Police Court has fallen rather deeply into poli
tics, of late and its powers are being exercised ille
gitimately all around; but this is the most flagrant ex
hibition we have seen of its weakness and contempt
for the law. If the four gentlemen who preside over
it*- affairs know what is good for them they will cease
"doing" machine politics and take hold of the cause
of justice in a different spirit. If they do not do so
there is bound shortly to be a thorough cleaning out
of their department of the government.
HEARST'S NATIONAL POLICY.
THE generosity which impelled Mr. Hearst to
assume the national leadership does not seem to
be fully appreciated. After all he had done for
-.••Bryan the Colonel doffs his straps and declares that
' the principles of the amateur leader are all wrong.
'"•;.• Hearst is an imperialist from away back. He wants
../•the American flag stuck up everywhere there is a
:•*. ;. distant isle affording room for a pole, the flag nailed
;.l: : *;to the pole and the nail clinched. Bryan would have
.the -people of this country stay at home and attend
7: -.-'to. business.
.;/; .*; The "resulting crash is terrible to observe. Once
*. .:i.^6re* the immovable body and the irresistible force
seem to be up against each other.
;*'J r Jinan's expressions of view come to the people as
V'o _' surprise. For weeks before the declaration of war
with Spain Bryanites were telling how different things
"77*.would have been with Bryan' in the White House.
.•"'•He' would not have temporized, not he. He would
f. 'have issued an ultimatum commanding Spain to get
-off her high horse, and in case of refusal have knocked
.:;■..- her- off and placed a martial heel on her neck. His
■eye would have flashed fire, and his voice would have
been a thunder note of battle.
■.'":'7*The war is over. Bryan is not only opposed to
V.: holding the Philippines, but to holding anything else
../ which may be regarded as the fruit of victory. His
o -reasoning is clear. Had he reasoned so well concern
ing the financial question he would never have been
known" as the talking apostle of free silver. Of course
the position he assumes is not to be considered Dem
. v ; ocratic., for arrayed in similar attitude are many of
the 3frongest men of the Republican party. They are
sincere. Possibly he also is sincere, but more likely
(ijs object is to embarrass the administration, which,
in any. case, has a difficult and delicate problem to
" solve, the solution being destined, whatever its na
ture, to excite hostility.
s But, coming back to the original proposition,
Bryan "is certainly ungrateful. . Here he has gone and
done something without so much as having consulted
Hearst: He has put that gentleman under the em
barrassing necessity of having to switch, or lambaste
the silver man, to sing whose praises as the only
good and great has long been to him a duty and a
icy. •
HAMILTON AND JEFFERSON.
IN his Jackson day speech, at Omaha, ex-Governor
Altgeld took occasion to accuse Alexander Hamilton
of a long series of post-mortem crimes. Among
these he put the alleged offenses of Quay in Penn
sylvania and the partisan charges upon Senator
Hanna in Ohio, concerning his election by the Legis
lature. Altgeld announced, in effect, the somewhat
novel theory, that a man's honesty in public and pri
vate life is determined solely by his party affiliation.
According to this, if a man believes in anything
laid down by Hamilton he is a rogue, while profes
sion of the principles of Jefferson makes ■ him an
honest man! As Altgeld's political principles are
neither Hamiltonian nor Jeffersonian, he is not to be
classed with either. But taking him for what he
claims to be and applying his theory to incidents in
the history of American politics, some interesting
conclusions appear. This is not the first time an
Ohio Legislature has appealed to the United States
against the title of a Senator. It was done in the
case of the late Henry B. Payne, and was supported
by affidavits of members confessing that they sold
their votes for Payne and were paid by an agent of
the Standard Oil Company, who found it convenient
to isolate himself in exile in the fens of the Rio de la
Plata in the far Argentine, and we believe he has not
yet turned up to grace the politics of his native land.
According to Altgeld this was a crime committed by
Jefferson and due to a profession of his principles.
While Altgeld was Governor of Illinois the Jeffer
sonian State Treasurer died. Under the law Altgeld
took charge of -the office, the vaults and money.
Upon a subsequent examination it was found that the
Treasurer died a defaulter in nearly a quarter of a
million dollars, and it was charged and never denied
that a considerable part of this deficit had been loaned
by the Treasurer to Altgeld and was represented by
the Governor's notes in the vault at the time he
took charge of the dead man's office. These notes
did not subsequently appear in the official assets.
Governor Altgeld compelled the Regents of the
State University of Illinois to elect Spaulding treas
urer of that institution, and to turn over to him the
stocks, bonds and mortgages which represented the
endowment of the university. Spaulding started a
bank, which failed and it was then it was discovered
that he had hypothecated those university stocks,
bonds and mortgages and the university endowment
was lost.
Governor Altgeld was concerned with Dreyfus in
organizing another bank and made Dreyfus treasurer
of the Chicago Drainage Commission, which is en
gaged in upsetting the Chicago River to drain the
sewage of the city into the Illinois River. That bank
failed and over half a million of the funds of the com
mission disappeared.
Now, if the party principles of men are to be
blamed for the shortcomings of the individual, all of
these sinister manipulations must be charged to
Thomas Jefferson, the apostle of the principles pro
fessed by Altgeld and his Illinois gang.
A glance at the history of his administration
demonstrates that the memory of Hamilton can stand
his abuse far better than that of Jefferson can stand
his praise.
Upon the main issue, that of money, put forward by
Altgeld. Bryan and the other orators at the only
Jackson day banquets held this year, Hamilton and
Jefferson never differed. They were in exact agree
ment, and the Bryan school is opposed to both.
Somewhat distorted views are common now touch
ing the views and the personal relations of Hamilton
and Jefferson. . The fact is that Jefferson was made
President by Hamilton. In the election of 1800 the
electoral vote was a tie between Jefferson and Aaron
Burr. The election of President therefore went into
the House to be decided by the unit vote of States.
Burr was an expert politician, with all gifts and graces
which belong to that class of men. and with no
scruples. The result was long in doubt, but on the
thirty-sixth ballot was decided for Jefferson by Dela
ware voting blank. That State was represented by
Bayard, a Hamiltonian, an ancestor of the late
Thomas F. Bayard. This was done on the advice of
Hamilton, who regarded Jefferson as a patriot and a
safe man.
This act cost Hamilton his life, for it was the
real cause of Burr's challenge and of the tragedy at
Weehawken. \
So, after all, the apostle of Democracy owed to
Hamilton the opportunity to officially exploit his
theories of government, and found thereupon the
party that is now supposed to be led by Altgeld and
Bryan. There is, however, room for belief that if
Jefferson should return and desire to do a turu in
American politics, he would not recognize that crowd
as his political followers. .:/.* i •;,*■.
HOW GREAT BRITAIN DOES IT.
SINCE so many vociferous imperialists have been
loudly clamoring for the adoption by this coun
try of the British system of colonial expansion,
a writer for the Boston Globe has taken the trouble
to make investigations into the ways and means by
which the British have made their expansion policy
so popular among politicians of all parties. As a re
sult of his studies he has published some information
concerning colonial salaries in the British empire
which is interesting.
From these it appears that the Governor of Jamaica,
which in importance fairly corresponds to Porto
Rico, gets $30,000 a year. The Governor of Ceylon,
about equal to Cuba, gets $40,000. The British have
no colonial possessions similar to the Philippines,
but the Governor of such a comparatively small pos
session in the Orient as the Strait Settlements gets
$17,000 a year and the Governor of India gets $125,- j
000; so that under British control the Governor of the
Philippines would receive certainly not less than $50,
--000 as a yearly salary.
Moreover each of these colonial dignitaries has a
large staff. A considerable number of officials in
India are paid from $30,000 to $60,000 a year, and in
the smaller colonies subordinate officers are paid in
proportion. Beneath these higher dignitaries there is
a host of lesser officials, many of whom receive an
amount of pay that is enough to justify colonial ex
pansion in the eyes of every place hunter in the
kingdom.
While the publication of this list is calculated to
make the American taxpayer hesitate about adopting
the colonial system on the British plan, it will be an
incentive to renewed exertions on the part of the
politicians. With the bare possibility of such spoils
in prospect the gangs of both parties will feel a thrill
impelling them to favor the annexation of everything
within reach.. Nor will it be surprising if a great
many of them persuade themselves that the thrill is
one of patriotism.
The British, it is said, have adopted the practice of
paying large salaries to colonial officers because ex
perience taught them the folly of undertaking such
governments with cheap men. We, of course, will
try the cheap process. It is our way. There will be
spoils, however, in the colonies. The average Amer
ican job chaser who gets a place in the Philippines
will find some way of making it as remunerative as
the traffic will bear
THE SAN FRANCISCO .. CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 10, 1899.
THE Canadian Annex of the Examiner, pub
lished as an evening paper in San Francisco,
j quotes Dan Burns as having said: "There are
two kinds- of Senators. One is the Patrick Henry,
the Daniel Webster kind, the old-fashioned kind,
whose oratory was a telling weapon when great ques
tions were -settled by debates and- on the floor of the
house.".' But- great ..questions are no .longer settled
that way. They are decided in "committee rooms.
The modern, successful Senator is an energetic, push
ing, strong worker. That is what I could be. That
is where my ability lies." ' "'.
These words are worthy of Colonel Mazuma. Dan
Burns is entitled to the credit, to adopt the placarded
eulogy of "The Man from Mexico." "of smashing all
records" in his definition of the class of politicians of
which he is an exemplar and of. his own peculiar
qualifications to represent the State of California in
the Senate of the United States. We commend this
proclamation to the Legislature. It will greatly
simplify their labors. In choosing a Senator, to aid
ir. establishing the future historical relations between
the Senate and the Federal Government, they need
not look beyond the level of an inferior type of
municipal boss. Brains, learning, experience, force
of expression, intensity of conviction, radical in
tegrity, the inclination and the power to challenge
public scrutiny of official action can be eliminated
from their demands in the choice of Senator White's
successor. All they need to find is a secretive and
tireless worker in the committees, that are to super
sede the Senate in the solution of "great questions."
and, presto! that has been done for them by Dan
Burns.
As Galileo once observed, "the world moves."
Within the last few months we have been frequently
informed that Washington is a back number, with a
plain inference ; that the shrieking editorials of the
Examiner are to be read when the "Farewell Ad
dress" is forgotten, and that, a century hence, when
the flag shall have been permanently nailed to the
ttee of Despotism, the shriveled features of the
"Father of his Country" will be replaced by the mod
ernized face and head of Mr. Hearst. The Thomas
Jefferson who mainly wrote the Declaration of In
dependence has given place to an Asiatic counterfeit
whose praises are sung by the Examiner and by Pro
fessor Davidson. Madison, Monroe and Jackson are
mere relics of ancient and forgotten history. Gen
eral Merritt, on behalf of. his countrymen, has out
grown the constitution, which has ceased to be a
legitimate topic for discussion. Julian Hawthorne
has cut the apron strings that connected the Fathers
of the Republic with the American people.* Men like
Senator Hoar of Massachusetts are ridiculed as "old
grannies." And now Dan Burns, the immaculate
graduate from the lower depths of politics, tells us
that he is the legitimate successor of Daniel Webster,
because he is a condensed product of this age, full of
"push and energy" and a "strong worker," who only
needs the privacy of the committee room to be a
success!
FOOD PRODUCTS AND STATE LABELS
NEW YORK dairymen have renewed their efforts
to obtain from Congress the enactment of a law
providing that no form of food product shall be
falsely branded as to the State in which it is pro
-1 duced. The object is to put an end to frauds, now
1 extensively practiced, and if enacted the proposed
measure would be an important addition to our pure
food legislation.
The reason the New York dairymen have taken the
lead in the matter is that they have a specific griev
ance of long standing which has aroused their in
dignation. There is a large demand in Europe, par
ticularly in Great Britain, for good cheese. New
York dairymen found their exports to that market
'■ handicapped by the large amount of filled cheese that
\ was sent from this country, and they therefore ob
tained from the State a law providing for the inspec
tion of cheese, with the result that the New York
! brand of cheese soon obtained a good standing. in
the foreign market. When that was accomplished,
■ however, the makers of adulterated cheese in other
i States began to put the New York brand on their
output; with the result that the brand is no longer a
guarantee of a good article and the Yorkers are
again losing their trade.
, A practice of that kind ought to be stopped in the
interests of common honesty, and even if we had no
grievances of our own, our delegation in Congress
; should aid the New Yorkers in obtaining the enact
ment of the desired law. It happens, however, that
, California suffers certainly as much and probably
, more than New York from such practices. A large
! variety of fruit products are made of inferior stuff in
the East and marked with California labels in order
to get the benefit of the popular favor with which
California fruit is regarded.
Our fruit growers and dealers have expended a
great deal of time, labor, skill and money in develop
ing 'our fruit industry to its present high standard.
If, therefore, the California brand has a high prestige
in the Eastern market it is because our growers
and dealers earned it, and they are entitled to reap
the full benefit of their work in building up the repu
tation of their products. Of late, however, the un
, scrupulous dealers of the East have been putting the
name of California upon almost any kind of stuff to
the manifest injury of our trade.
We have therefore a common interest with the
New York dairymen in the proposed legislation.
The law is fair for all parties. It would give to those
States, that enforce pure food laws the full benefit of
their action, and would leave other States, where no
such laws are enforced, to learn by experience the
folly of permitting adulterated articles to be sent out
to the general market. It is to be hoped Congress
will find time to deal with the subject at this session.
Certainly the reform should be urged with resolution
by honest food producers throughout the Union.
While the telephone company is not good at keep
ing the secrets of its patrons, it has a few of its own
which it is keeping very well. For instance, it is not
saying a word concerning the hired men it has cir
culating among the legislators at Sacramento.
Rev. Mr. Brush of Alameda naturally desired to get
j where the sinners were thickest, so he went into the
midst of the Burns gang. While he did not reform
any of them, they all know that he has been there.
It may be said fairly that all the talk setting forth
the longing of the Czar for peace, while once a fairly
good joke has become a chestnut. It is not "peace
on earth" he is after; merely the earth.
After the rush and necessary confusion of organiza
tion, the fact that the telephone company would be
morally improved by judicious legislative restrictions
will stand out as clearly as ever.
Aguinaldo's representatives in this country seem to
be- equipped with worthless credentials, but cheek
sufficient to carry them" almost anywhere.
Both political parties are claiming Dewey, and he
does not seem to be willing to plead guilty to either
charge.
DAN BURNS' PLAN.
IMPRISONMENT FOR DEBT.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 9, 1599.
Editor The Call: The retail merchants of California are entitled to fair
treatment at the hands of our newspapers. .
This hasn't been given us.
The Examiner, in scare headlines, declared In its issue of Saturday, Jan
uary 7, that the- retail butchers and the retail grocers of California propose
the establishment of imprisonment for debt. 7"* ;
This statement is untrue. And what is more, the paper admitted its un
truth in the paragraphs following the headlines. Attorneys interviewed by
the Examiner reporters declared that the law as framed for us by the at
torney of our collection bureau, Mr. Albert Armstrong, did not permit the im
prisonment of a man because he could not pay his bills. The Examiner it
self, after saying "it is proposed in California to revive the system of im
prisonment for debt," added the truthful statement that "they propose the
extension of the power of punishment for contempt of court, which is used
in some cases for similar purposes."
This last statement gives the exact facts of the case. We ask "an ex
tension of the power of punishment for contempt of court, which is used in
some cases for similar purposes." This would not enable a Judge to send a
man to jail because he could not pay his bills.
Therefore it would not effect imprisonment for debt.
:*- The Examiner's only argument in its contention that this bill would re
sult in the imprisonment of poor men for debt is that dishonest Judges
might take this action, although the law would not Authorize them to
do so.
* This is the most preposterous of reasoning. A good law must not be passed
because a dishonest Judge might make it an excuse to do something that the
law does not allow.
Dishonest Judges might send honest men to jail for theft because the law
authorizes that punishment for larcenists. Yet this would be no argument
for the abolishing of the law punishing thievery. The argument that our
law is bad because dishonest Judges might send poor men to jail because of
its existence is just about as logical.
We ask only what is right and fair. If our bill should in any way; con
flict with the personal rights of citizens it would not be supported as it is
by the small tradesmen all over the State and we would not desire it.
The wickedness of imprisonment for debt is self-evident. To indulge in
hysterical shrieks in denunciation of this wickednesss is a waste of energy,
for no sane citizen of our republic would even want such a law passed. If
the law prepared for us is examined carefully It will be found that it will
wrong no one. On the other hand, it does secure for the retail merchant
of the State protection from dishonest debtors.
We can understand how a paper pandering to the worst passions of un
thinking people can hope to make capital by misstatements concerning the
bill. We feel sure, however, that it will not pay them in the end.
The passage of the amendments we propose will be of enormous value to
every retail merchant in California. Yours truly,
RETAIL GROCERS' ASSOCIATION, Incorporated.
JOSEPH A. STULZ, President.
BUTCHERS* BOARD OF TRADE. Incorporated,
SAM C. HAMMOND, President.'
MORE MEN ARE
PLACED BY THE
SUPERVISORS
Many Minor Positions
Are Filled.
A MOMENTARY DEADLOCK
EXTENSION OF PARK PANHAN
DLE TO BE PRESSED.
The Annual Request to Spring Valley
Water "Works for a Detailed
Statement of Its Affairs
Is Made.
The Supervisors met yesterday and
transacted a large volume of routine busi
ness in an expeditious manner. The lobby
was thronged with job-chasers and their
following. The moment the appointments
were made they at once left the meeting
place.
The names of many of the men who
will serve the city under the present ad
ministration in various capacities were
previously announced exclusively in The
.Call. The appointments, which were
agreed upon at a caucus of the Supervis
ors held in the latter part of last week,
were confirmed by the board at the meet
ing yesterday as follows:
Attendant and messenger Justice
Courts, James McGee; Fish and Game
Warden, James Fallon; caretaker of in
sane patients, Miss Lucy Brown; care
taker of drinking fountains, T. B. Craig;
day watchman City Hall, Charles Mayer;
engineer City Hall, James Symons; car
penter City Hall, Peter Lynch; assistant
carpenter City Hall, S. Baker; conductor
elevator No. 2," City Hall. C. McLain;
fireman heating room, City Hall, Edward
Keegan (Keegan was employed at the re
quest of the Fireman's Union); gardener
Alta Square, Lawrence Rice; gardener
Columbia Square. William Welch; gar
dener Garfield Square, John Kelly; gar
dener Hamilton Square, Albert Mayer;
gardener Portsmouth Square, Albert Ben
net; gardener Union Square, H. Mayers;
gardener Washington Square, Mike
Welch; gardener City Hall grounds, J.
C. Jones; gardener South Park, Thomas
Kerr; gardener Lafayette Square, Arthur
Nagle; gardener City Hall grounds, Wil
liam Miskell; engineer and bridge-keeper,
Fourth street bridge, Garry Welch;
bridge-keeper. Fourth street bridge, B.
E. Lauterbach; assistant bridge-keeper,
Fourth street bridge, Matthew Shute;
bridge-keeper, Seventh street bridge, —
Weber; keeper Sixth street dumps, J. J.
Hanlon; keeper Street Department cor
poration yard, John Crimmins; police pa
trol drivers— C. Heppler, Andrew Traut
vetter, James Barry, Dave Sullivan,
George Madden, John Daly, Henry Beas
ley Vincent Barbreto, Philip Ray, Louis
Holtz, Henry Peterson and Henry Ja
cobs.
For a time there seemed a deadlock in
the board over the positions to be filled.
It seems at the first meeting two janitors
were appointed where only one was pro
vided for. One had to be dropped and the
name A. T. Hynes was selected. It
should have been J. C. Bauer, and when
the necessary correction was made the
deadlock was speedily broken.
The annual attempt to force officials of
the Spring Valley Water Works to file a
detailed statement of the corporation's
affairs as required by the constitution was
made. Supervisor Deasy introduced a
resolution, which was adopted, notifying
the company that it was required to fur
nish a comprehensive report before the
end of the current month. The resolution
went into details as to the information
required. This is done annually, but never
results in the required information being
furnished.
The recommendation that the city ac
quire twelve city blocks extending from
Van Ness avenue to Baker street, to be
made a part of the park panhandle, was
brought; before the board by Supervisor
Holland, and his recommendations were
adopted. They were in effect that tha
necessary land for such purpose be ac
quired by the city and county. The
blocks required are Western addition
blocks 72, 141, 210, 220. 287, 298. 369, 378. 437,
445, 516, 525. Further that the board hereby
pledges itself to provide the necessary
revenue in the manner provided by ex
isting laws for the acquisition of this land
and that the City and County Attorney is
requested to inform the board at its next
meeting the best method of proceeding to
accomplish the object Intended.
The Mayor asked the . Supervisors to
rescind the contract entered Into with
Devlin & Devlin of Sacramento and
Rogers, Paterson & Slack when they
agreed to ascertain what money, if any,
Is still due the city and county of San
Francisco from the State under certain
unnamed laws and to sue and recover the
same. The Mayor pronounced It an im
position and asked the board to act ac
cordingly. According to his figures the
county 'would receive $800,000. while the
lawyers would pocket $700,000 as their fee,
grossly absurd compensation for such
services. Supervisor Perrault presented
a resolution asking that the contract with
the attorneys be rescinded. The matter
was referred to the Finance Committee
and will be considered at its meeting
Friday at 11 o'clock.
J. B. Relnsteln. chairman . of the com
mittee having in hand the preliminary
arrangements for an exposition in this
city two years hence, addressed the board
briefly. He told of the scope of the expo
sition and Its financial requirements. It
was finally determined that a special
meeting of the board be held in its own
rooms to-morrow night at 7:30 o'clock,
when the matter will be discussed in all
its phases.
The Finance Committee recommended
that, as there appears to be a large num
ber of demands In excess of the so-called
one-twelfth act, they be laid over until
the close of the fiscal year. At that time
the same will be paid out of the surplus
fund, which the committee will, by an
economical administration of municipal
affairs, endeavor to provide for the pay
ment of all liabilities against the city
during the fiscal year. The committee
will, in the public interest, consider and
pass upon all meritorious claims present
ed, and will, when the appropriation and
funds permit, approve and recommend the
allowance of the same if they were con
tracted for or ordered by their predeces
sors and are properly chargeable to the
first six months of this fiscal year.
A petition was presented by F. H. Bush
nell and others, asking that City Hall
square be paved with bitumen and il
luminated properly to show off the beau
ties of the group of statuary provided by
James Lick.
The Mayor's veto of the request for
permission to build a showcase at 753
Market street out from the building was
sustained. His veto of the bid of G. W.
Fuller & Co. for furnishing the Hall of
Justice was referred to the Building Com
mittee. : '"v.--
The application of the National Athletic
Club for a boxing permit for this month
was not presented. It had previously been
approved by the Health and Police Com
mittee.
PARTNER FOR s
UNCLE SAM
WANTED, PARTNERS— Sam
has become wearied by close confine
ment and wishes to "expand" and will
form a union with any and all coun
tries desiring such an alliance who
have the following qualifications:
First — They must be in the tropics,
where our army of occupation will be
come decimated, which, of course, of it
self is bad; but it will afford occupa
tion for pension agents and put much
money- in circulation.
Second They must be mostly brown
or black people. This will seem queer,
but the white race is getting too smart
and a mixture of the dusky races will
tone them down.
Third— must be mostly naked.
It would be a great financial stroke to
furnish. them with, say about ten mil
lion, suits of clothes.
Fourth— must be lazy, fight with
their fists or with corn knives, and be
tinctured with leprosy and with some
other diseases. We must have an out
let for our ambitious politicians who
are advertising for jobs. (Watterson is
the last.) We have seen what admira
ble work bacteria did with the native
Hawaiians, reducing them from 300,000.
when Captain Cook first called on
them, to 40,000 at the present time.
Thus 260,000 were made happy by the
wonderful influence of civilization.
When we get them clothed we would
have the Coroner and the undertaker
ready to make their last sad offering.
We might need Cuba then for our Mo
lokai. In fact, we might use all "our
islands," with their interesting fauna,
for the exclusive habitation of the
Messrs. Bacillus Lepra.
Fifth— There must be not over 15 per
cent of white people. Not that we love
the white people less, but the black
more. Then the white would want of
fice and would be troublesome. One per
cent would suit better. In fact, the
Philippines about suit us.
Sixth— They must be far away. It
would then require many great ships,
which we could float around the world
and let our Oriental cousins look at us
| (like the big boy who grows his first
j whiskers). It would put much money
in circulation to build the ships, and we
would easily "damn the surplus" that we
are going to have when our admirable
j tax system gets in good working order.
1 Then, too, "distance lends enchantment
I to the view," and we could entertain
j our people over the wire and divert*
I their attention from home matters. It
| is not well for them to congest their
j brains too much on home affairs, for
| everything is running smoothly here
j and this is a free country; free and
j easy. A. E. BRIGGS.
Roseville, Cal., December 27, 1898.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
W. A. Gray of Vlsalla Is at the Lick.
Edwin Mayo, the actor, Is at the Palace.
William Arthur of Boston is at the
Palace.
Dr. E. S. O'Brien of Merced Is a guest
at the Lick. . -V 7
Dr. Benepe and wife of Sebastopol are
| at the Grand.
G. W. Towle, a lumber dealer of Towles,
is at the Grand.
Henry J. Vance of New York is regis
tered at the Russ.
S. C. Arnold of Pasadena arrived at the
Palace yesterday. ''/7i-
John A. Mclntyre, a miner from Sacra
mento, is at the Grand.
E. F. Relchman, a merchant of Fort
Jones, Is a guest at the Grand.
A. J. Smith and wife of Reno are at the
Palace. Mr. Smith is a prominent banker.
Banker T. J. Field and wife of Mon
terey are among the guests at the Palace.
Abbott Kinney of Los who is
president of the Yosemite Park Commis
sion, is at the Occidental.
"CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Jan. 9.— Fred O. Stanton,
recently of the Palace Hotel, San Fran
cisco, where he* had been for the last
twelve years, has returned to this city.
He is at the Normandie.
TO MEMORIALIZE CONGRESS
FOR THE COLONIAL FAIR
MECHANICS' INSTITUTE ASKS;
AID OF COMMERCIAL BODIES.
Government Appropriation Will Be
Requested— Exhibit to Be Given
to State Board of Trade.
The following communication, intended
to invoke the assistance of commercial
organizations in the proposed Colonial
Fair to be held at the Mechanics' Pa
vilion in September, will be sent through
mercantile circles by the Mechanics' In
stitute. The proposition is one of such
magnitude that President Denicke of the
Institute is of the opinion that it cannot
be brought to a successful result without
the co-operation of the mercantile . ele
ment in the community. If the move
ment be made a general one there will be
no difficulty in inducing Congress to ap
propriate the required amount for the
Proper collection and exhibition of the re
sources of our newly acquired colonies in
th^ Philippines and West Indies.
the letter reads as follows:
;. Dear Sir: I beg to call your attention to
the inclosed copy of letter from Professor
Ueorge Davidson indorsing the proposition of
the Mechanics' Institute to hold a colonial fair
in this city, I scarcely need dwell on the im
portance of. a commercial museum being es
tablished in this city similar to the one in
Philadelphia.
The Mechanics' Institute proposes that its
coming fair, opening September 2 next, shall
be a colonial fair, and shall embrace exhibits
of the products and resources of Hawaii, the
Philippine Islands, Siberia, Eastern Asia and
Central America; the intention being to awaken
the interest 04 our capitalists and merchants
to the commercial possibilities of those coun
tries.
It is our Intention to memorialize Congress
to appropriate $50,000 for the purpose of col
lecting exhibits, which on their arrival In
this city will be installed in the Mechanics'
Pavilion at our expense, and at the conclusion
of the fair will be turned over to the State
Board of Trade for exhibition, or to a commer
cial museum. If by that time one be organized.
Lieutenant Professor A. P. Hayne, formerly
of the State University, and now at Manila,
has been specially commissioned by the De
partment of Agriculture to collect information
and statistics as to the resources, etc., of the
Philippines, and with the assistance of such
men as he, and the Unit* i States Consuls at
various places, an exhibit could be procured
which would be of great Interest to the pub
lic generally as well as to the merchants and
capitalists of this city in wing where trade
relations can be fostered.
To that end we request your organization
to Join with us In memorializing Congress to
make this appropriation, and to use your Influ
ence to have the various departments at Wash
ington give all the assistance possible in the
way of instructing Consuls and detailing men
specially for that purpose where possible. This
will not Involve any liability on the part of
your organization or the other organizations
that we are requesting to assist, a: 1 It ls the
Intention, if deemed advisable, to request the
participation of the organizations ind< rslng this
matter in the management of the fair. The soon
er such exhibits are received in this city the
better It will be for our trade, and we wish
to be understood as not being in any way In
opposition to the proposed fair of 1901, to be
held in this city, but rather with the inten
tion of assisting the same and using this fair
as an Introduction to the larger fair, in the
same way that the fair held by the Mechanics'
Institute in January, ISM, was Introductory to
the California exhibit at the World's Fair at
Chicago.
Trusting that you will use your influence to
have your organization indorse our proposed
memorial, I am, yours respectfully.
ERNST A. DENICKE,
President Mechanics' Institute.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Golden Gate Camp of the Woodmen of
the World is still increasing. At the meet
ing Monday, January 2, P. W. Gates, Jacob
Kollmeyer, John P. Harrington. John H.
Downing, T. H. Manchester. John Mayer,
William E. Faulth. J. W. McKinnon, A.
M. Schillinger, A. E. Grampuer. P. L.
Brone and L. G. Greiner were admitted
by initiation. At the next meeting there
will be twenty-five more ready for initia
tion. The camp is rapidly advancing to
the one thousand mark; in membership.
During the evening there were present a
number of visitors from various camps,
who addressed the convention.
Richmond Camp has arranged for a
grand entertainment and dance to be
given in the Richmond District, at Fourth
avenue and Clement street, on the night
of the 20th inst. , ',„ . . „
The head camp of the Pacific jurisdic
tion has Issued a very instructive circular
In relation to the equalization tunu which
has just gone Into effect- It is a very
interesting and lucid explanation of the
plan, which every woodman should care
fully consider. ',"17" ,„ .
The officers of Redwood Camp will be
Installed on the 19th inst.
The officers of San Francisco Camp
were installed with impressive ceremonies
last Wednesday night by Dr. M. B. Estes,
consul commander of Tamaipais Camp,
assisted by John S. Patterson of Golden
Gate Camo, who acted as escort. At the
close of the ceremony the past consul
commander was invited to the stump.
where Consul Commander Bell of Golden
Gate Camp, on behalf of the sitting camp,
presented him with a beautiful badge of
the order in appreciation of his services
during the time he was in offlce. ; After
addresses by several of the neighbors
present there was a social hour.
FRIENDS OF THE FOREST.
The officers of Lincoln Lodge were In
| stalled on Monday. January 2. by Supreme
; President Mrs. Mary E. MeLane, assisted
I by Past Supreme President Mrs. A. Boehm.
j Those of Mizpah Lodge were installed last
! Wednesday night by Past Supreme Presi
■ dent Mrs. Boehm, assisted by Mrs. Cora
Wentzell. There were present a number
|of visitors from Pioneer and America
lodges . . »__•_• _
Pioneer Lodge last week initiated
seven strangers. Its officers will be in
stalled next Tuesday, and on the last
Tuesday in the month the lodge will hold
an open meeting.
ORDER OF AMERICUS.
San Francisco Council of this new order
is advancing at a remarkable pace. It has
had Initiations at every meeting and has
a number of applications on the desk. The
nights of meeting have been changed from
the first and third to the second and
fourth Tuesdays.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsends.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. ■-•<_';
Paris has lost a curious institution, the
last of the "cabinets de lecture" in tha
Passage de l'Opera having been closed.
For a small. fee people could enter ami
read the magazines and latest books. Tha
business was killed by the increased pub
lication of "feullletons" In the daily news
papers. _
Angostura Bitters Is known as the great reg
ulator of the digestive organs. Get the genu
ine. Made by Dr. J. G. B. Siegert & Sons.
"ACKER'S ENGLISH REMEDY WILL STOP
a cough at any time, and will cure the worst
cold in twelve hours or money refunded. At
Owl Drug Co.
Sir Henry Dryden Bart, who is SO years
of age, and has held his title for sixty
one years, recently climbed outside the
high spire of King's Sutton Church, in
Northamptonshire, without help, using
the steeplejacks' ladders. in order to
measure and draw the tracery on tha
spire. There was a strong wind. ■•;-;. yy f .
Roism-
Baking Powder
Made from pure
cream of tartar.
Safeguards the food
against alum*
Alum baking powders arc the greatest
menacers to health of the prestot day.
L ROYAL BAKINO POWDER CO., NEW VOBK.
— ■ — ■ _ _ ■ ■ ■ i— iii ■ ■ ■ — ■ i _ _ ■ i iDAMP SPORT
FOR THE TALENT
AT INGLESIDE
.. Regulars Were Out as
..'■•''•' Usual.
• ■y. (,: .-' * .
/ THREE CHOICES WERE BEATEN
:-..*. ;
' " ' .HUGH PENNY SUDDENLY I RE
.'.;. GAINED HIS FORM.
'.Ferrier First in the Hurdle Extrava
ganza— Montgomery Outsprint
ed Mary Black^-Corsine a
Promising Youngster.
": ' '
* The "sou'easter" roared through the
grandstand at Ingleside yesterday, fur
nishing uncanny music; the rain fell in
torrents, and taken altogether the reopen
ing day of the local track was a most
unpleasant one. The enthusiasm of the
-.race-goer though is not easily dimmed,
for fully 1200 devotees of the game were
Id attendance. In the ring nineteen lay
■ ers of prices were arrayed. The betting
was Inclined to sluggishness. The fields
-were small, which fact, however, did net
prevent three favorites from lingering
'along the roadside until too late to win.
. * The exercise opened with a five-furlong
-scramble for 2-year-olds. The Corrigan
• -entry, Corsine, was played down to favor
• Itism, and at the end won in impressive
•'fashion from Tirade, the third choice. EI
.Estro. which opened favorite, upheld the
time honored custom of the Baldwin
Stable, finishing third.
.. Then followed a comic operetta in one
act, the mile and a quarter hurdle affair.
It was tunny from start to finish. Joe
Cotton played the part of the clown, and
his knockabout tumble at the last jump
brought down the gallery. T. Murphy on
"Monlta played the part of page in waiting
to the king. He was more than good.
■Tanner on Ferrier was the king. li- took
lt all. That is, all that goes to a winner.
Roullie-r with his luggage aboard Major
.fc*- acted well the part of the sandwich,
finishing between Ferrier and Monlta.
And bo did Ellison, as the .hero, with the
■leg up on Major 'Hooker, who was killed
early in the scene.
* Old • Hugh Penny, the sedate bachelor
from Doss & Co.'s barn, has cultivated
epicurean tastes. On Saturday at Oak
. land track Penny was beaten something
over "twenty lengths in ix seven-furlong
.-run. In the seven-furlong tour yesterday,
at odds of S and 10 to I, he made a show
of. his company. Imperious was second in
a drive, a neck before the favorite, Sur
vivor.
A cheap crowd started In the fourth
event at six furlongs. Wing was a pro
nounced choice, and won ridden out from
' Credo.
. . The mile anda quarter selling event went
to' Red Glenn, ridden by H. Martin. The
gelding took the lead from Myth when
. more than ha': the distance had been
covered and led Stamina over the line
'•three lengths. Lady Hurst finished a fair
third.
. Billy Magrane's sprinter, Montgomery,
upset calculations somewhat in the final
•five-furlong sprint. The smart ones sent
. Mary Black to the post favorite over the
chestnut horse, but Montgomery led
.throughout and won with ease. Jinks.
• poorly ridden by M Nichols, finished a
Strong third.
Track Notes.
.'The board of stewards of the California j
Jockey Club met at the rooms of the |
association last evening and rulings were
rendered in the following cases: Ben
Gouln. the jockey who was suspended
some weeks ago for a suspicious looking
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
INGLESIDE RACE TRACK, Monday, Jan. 9, 1899. — Twenty-sixth
day of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club meeting. Weather rainy; track
. -muddy.
EDWIN
."' AG"7 FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; three-year-olds: purse, $400.
.'.. In.dcx. Horse. .
Weight. St.
4m.
4m.
4m.
Str.
b 1 ■ '
,(409) Corsir.e 11. 3
'■ 4C3 Tirade 117 i 1
■ fit EI Estro 11: 5 .
4*2 San Augustine ....122: 2
466 Ann Page 11" 4
■ 422 Strongoli 110; 6
4 1
2 h
;i I
5 4
3 h
6
2 3 13
31 8 3
1h 2 4
4h 5 4
510 -42
6 6
1 5
2 4
3 2
4 2
5 4
6
H. Martin.... 8-5
[Macklin | 3
Piggott 7-5
G. Wilson ...I 25
N. Turner 1 8
lE. Lloyd 1 15
8-5
10-5
2
50
12
12
Time— 4. :254; 4. :354: 4. 1:034. Winner, E. Corrigan's b. c. by Riley-Hlnda. Fair
.- .start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Corsine is better than an ordinary colt. El Estro apparently does not relish muddy foot-
'• • lr.g.
Scratched— Jingle Jingle 117, Don't Tell 112. Rosebeau 112, Doremus 117, Lavator 107,
" ■ ..Ballista 122. ,
'■ -
A OO SECOND RACE— One and a quarter miles; four-year-olds and upward; over five
•T-OOe hurdles: purse. $400.
.- ~- : I I - I Betting:
led*x. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Std. 4m. 4m. \m. Str. Fin. j Jockeys. Op. CI.
... 390 Ferrer, a 142 7 52 42 11 16 14 14 'Tanner 3 3
405 Major S. 6 139 1 3 3 1 14 4 4 2 4 24 2 4 Rouillier 1 5-2
*""•... Monlta, a 139 5 14.34 24 32 34 34 T. Murphy... 5 7-2
•• 8T.7 Silverado, a 142 2 64 51 6 5 515 4 1 420 Shepard 8 15
■'. * 416 San Carlos. 4 131 4 4 4 66 515 7 5 I Cummings ... 4 i-r 10
:■ -*Mi Major Hooker, 4....131| 177 7 615 6 6 Ellison 5-2 7
"• 473 Joe Cotton, a-. 13'JI 6 - " 21 3242 * ... JKerrln ilO 20
".'•»'".-. "> •Fell.
Time— 2:264- Winner, W. S. Hobarfs eh. h. by Falsetto-Imp. Cinderella. Good start.
.* Won easily. Second and third driving.
■■■;••. ■ Comment on these farcical affairs Is superfluous. Only the simple-minded speculate
; ' ••■°" Scrat'ched-Durward 13?. _____
S ratch»»d— Durward
• y£OC| THIRD RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
. ' •• . • IBettlm
■ ; Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. ' 4 m. him. Km. ; Str. Fin, j Jockeys. Op. C
4m.
Str.
Fin. i
4SB Hugh Penny, a 108 4 3 2 21 12 13 It N. Turner.... I 5
: *' 4 C 6 Imperious. 4 ...... S7i 5 4h 64 «6 41 2n Woods 12
204 Survivor. 3 lflo! 3 64 31 2 4 2 1 3 I H. Martin.... 8-5
' 473 Lord Marmlon, 4... .1081 2 EH 5 4 3 2 34 4 1 [Macklin ! 3 9
- 4*5 Casdale. 3 911 6 5 4 5 4 4h 5 3 5 4 Houck 10
(4-5. Mldlight. 5 ior.l 1 In 41 5 3 66 615 Weber 3 5
.'(S79) Judge Wofford. 3.. *2| 7 7 7 7 7 7 J. Relff I 12 :
5
11l
12
! 8-5
I 3
10
3
I 12
8
8
2
9-2
If
5-2
30
Time— m. :26; 4. :514: 4. 1*044; 4. 1:30*4. Winner, F. W. Doss & Co.'s b. g. by Luke
BlaCkburn-Maud Ward. Good .start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Penny finally found mud that suited him. The judges should have it analyzed. Sur-
vivor stopped badly last few yards. Lord Marmlon was not overburdened with speed.
Casdale was not "meant." The Km Klux Klan had Mldlight.
'. Scratched— Lady Britannic M, Captive 105.
. — : =^^.
__
ACkC\ FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs. Selling. Three-year-olds and upward. Purse $400.
■ — : 1 : r—
" > Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. -St. Km. 4m. 4m. Str. Fin. ! Jockeys. Op. CI.
• - '(476) Wing. 3 100! 1 ... 2*4 14 12 11 H. Martin.... 13^
(39.') Credo. 4 10213 ... 6 2 44 2 1 24 W.H.Martin 2 9-2
(467) The Last. 4 1001 5 ... 11 2 3 3 4 3 4 I.Powell 6 8
...:.. Joe Mussle, 5 105 j I ... 4h 5 2 52 44 ißassinger .... 30 60
.. 245 Zorazzo. 5 10514 ... 3 4 3 2 4 1 5 4 : Woods 5 9.2
• 416- Tort.nl. a 102 2 ... 6 2 6 4 615 625 Gray j 30 100
„'. Royal Tar. 3 102; ' ... 7 7 _7 7 IMcNlchols ... 8 40
Time— 4. :234; 4, :504; 4, 1:17. Winner. J. Whltten's br. f. by Dundee-Rlghtwing
Good start. Won cleverly. Second and third driving.
Wing was ridden out With a more Intelligent ride Credo could have scored. Zorazzo
w-as, as tasty a bit of "lobster" as paraded all day.
/4QI FIFTH RACE— One and a quarter miles. Selling. Three-year-olds and unward '
■". *T«*7a» Purse $400. .;• •. *. ■_::■. .-»-.
4m.
Km.
Str.
Fin. !
Jockeys.
I Betting.
Op. CI.
Selling.
Three-year-olds and upward.
'. . Index. Horse. Age. Weight St. Std. Vim. 4m. 4m. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. Op U 'cL
•'• i*.^) Rod Glenn, a KM 1 2h 22 I*4 14 12 13 '11. Martin.... few V*
. . 473 Stamina. 3 M 3 44 34 34 21 25 28 IJ. Relff | 4 50
. 418 Lady Hurst, 5 10714 5 « £ 14 444 10 32 J. Woods... 47
I * (484} Myth. 5 106 1 5 14 13 23 33 344 1! Weber 3 i
... (457) Martello. 3 86' 2 32 S 5 5 6 u_ J. iDaly^..,.! 15 3 j|
.'••-:. :244: 4. :454: 4. 1:164; mile, 1:44*4; 14 m, 2:11. Winner. E. W. Purser's b r
■■-'by Glen Elm-Red Girl. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving. '
• Myth exploded after going nearly a mile. The winner, under the conditions, was all
-. • the best. He has recovered his old-time form.
Jockeys.
4GO SIXTH RACE— Five furlongs. Three-year-olds and upward.
Purse $400.
■';' Index. Horse. Age. Weight. 'st. him. 4rn. *m. Str. Fin. I Jockeys. lop." 1 "*!
'• : r (462) Montgomery, 6 103j 2 . ... lh 114 1 4 18 'H? Martin....) i 715"
.... «... Mary Black, 4 97 3 ... 2 2 23 23 2 I*4 ij. Relff 13-10
•(445) Jinks. 3 90)1 ... 4 310 310 315 j McNlchols ...I 2 4
* • Lff?— Smyle ' ..* M' * **• 38 * 4 4 [Houck ........ 100 3 0
• ■'.*. •• " Time— 4. 24',: 4. Kit; 4. 1:014. "Winner. W. P. Magrane's eh. g. by Hanover-
Blessing. Good start. Won easily. Second and third easily
.*;.-. The cotton pickers had th?ir all down on Mary Black, the form players on Montgom-
.. ..' cry, and the unsophisticated went to Jinks.
4m.
4m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
ride on the mare May "W. was ruled off
the turf. The case of Trainer James
Long, who petitioned for reinstatement,
was passed over until further facts could
be learned. For inconsistent running
the entries of the horses Myth and Hugh
Penny will not be received in future at
Oakland. Jockey Henry Shields will be
restricted to accepting mounts from the
stable of J. G. Brown & Co. only, and the
license committee of the Western Turf
Congress will be asked to take action in
his case. ■
To-Day's Entries.
First Race— furlongs; three-year-olds and
up: maidens:
467 Epplnger 1121 ...Sidelong 101
481 St. Kristlne .... 93 404 De Los Rey5...109
440 Defiant MS 475 Paul Kruger ..112
807 Alhaja 99' 39; pokombeo 109
MTCyaro I"- ...Lavator 101
... Rags Whlttaker 99 476 The Offering.... 93
476 Glengaber .... MM 482 Henry C 112
470 Sevoy 109!
Second Race— Six furlongs; Belling; three
year-olds:
391 Silver Beaux 107 1 Jerry Hunt — 114
435 Jingle Jingle... . 1-7 | 355 Anchored 110
435 Horton 113 Abano 101
(4So)Wlng 106
Third Race— mile; three-year-olds and
up:
(478) Miss Marion ... 92! 454 Olinthus 97
(41S)Bendoran 112'
Fourth Race— and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and up; selling:
436 Hardly 102 1 447 Cromwell 112
4*-4 Greyhurst *■"-' (JB4) Lodestar 106
(417)Colltns 106 464 Lady Britannic. lo4
Fifth Race— One mile; selling; three-year
olds and up:
410 I>na 107! 473 KHdad 107
477 I«.-remus 35 420 Sardonic 105
466 Jennie Reld .... 99 356 Ping 110
4SO Frank Jaubert.. ll2 409 Feliclte .2
463 Balllverso 1011 470 McFariane 100
472 Ulm 831 479 None Such 116
Sixth Race— One mile; selling; three-year-olds
an'; up:
471 Byron Cross ... 99' 390 Dr. Sharp 102
CM Mldlan 10! 463 Whaleback 32
417 Una C010rad0... 1161 142 Petrarch 116
«S Rosebeau M ... Milt Young 92
... All Smoke 1021 403 Merops 98
469 Gratify 1041
Selections for To-Day.
F!r«t Rare— l a- at PaH Krug»r. Alhala.
Second Race— Horton. Silver Beaux, Jerry
Hunt.
Third Race— Miss Marion, Bendoran, Olin
thus.
Fourth Hardly. Greyhurst, Cromwell.
Fifth Race Elidad, Sardonic. Lena.
Sixth Race— Mldlan. Milt Young. Whaleback.
Official Wins at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 9.— Weather
cloudy; track slow. Results:
First race, selling, one mile — Official
won. Maggie S second, Mount "Washington
third. Time. 1:47.
Second race, selling, six furlongs—
Princp Harry won. Sir Blaze second. Pell
Mell third. Time. 1:15%.
Third race, selling, mile and three
eighths—Babe Fields won. Friar John sec
ond. Possum third. Time. 2:27.
Fourth race, handicap, mile and a six
teenth—Clay Pointer won, Elkin second,
Milo third. Time. 1:501*.
Fifth race, selling, seven furlongs— Ben
Frost won. Tranbv second, Tim Toner
third. Time, 1:30.
WARRANTS FOR POOLSELLERS.
Judge Treadwell Agrees to Step Into
the Breach and End Further
Trouble.
The call for assistance made by Chief
Lees to the Merchants' Association for
the procurement of warrants for the ar
rest of poolsellers south of Market street.
which were refused by Police Judges Sat
urday, has had the desired effect.
Yesterday morning Policemen Tyrell
and Esola called upon Judge Treadwell
and the Judge instructed his warrant
clerk to issue the warrants and he would
sign them. Owing to the difficulties ex
perienced In the past in drawing out the
complaints the Judge decided to take
time for that purpose and will have them
ready for his signature this morning.
■ » ,
Are Fighting Roberts.
The "Women's Synodical Society of
Home Missions of the Presbyterian
Church Intends starting* an agitation
throughout the length and breadth of the
State against Brigham H. Roberts, the
polvgamlst elected to Congress from
Utah. The initial step was taken yester
day by the adoption of a set of strong
resolutions, copies of which will be sent
to other women's societies with a request
for speedy action. &
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JAIN CART 10, 1899.
BASEBALL
WILL BOOM
ONCE MORE
California League Is
Reorganized.
J.T.MORANCHOSEN PRESIDENT
RULES FORMULATED TO GOVERN
THE SEASON'S PLAYING.
Teams From Sail Francisco, Oakland,
San Jose, Sacramento, "Watson
ville and Santa Cruz
Will Contest.
Representatives of the San Francisco,
Oakland, San Jose, Sacramento, Watson
ville and Santa Cruz baseball teams met
last night in the office of Eugene F. Bert
a*!id organized the California Baseball
League with the following officers: J. T.
Moran of Oakland, president; E. F. Bert,
vice president; T. F. Bonnet, secretary
and treasurer; E. L. Kripp, O. L. Tuttle,
E. Struve, H. Harris, A. S. De la Rosa
and J. Cal Ewing, board of directors.
Franchises were granted to the six
towns represented. The San Francisco
games will be played at Recreation Park.
Each manager will be permitted to re
serve fourteen players. The lists were im
mediately presented. The players thus
reserved cannot be negotiated for. The
National League rules were adopted and
protection will be applied for. ;'.*._'.};
It was ordered that each team put up its
portion of the pennant fund of $1000. Each
manager will be required to deposit $500
as a guarantee of good faith. H. Harris
will arrange the schedule of games, the
season opening on March 2*5 and closing
on November 26, 1599.' No player reserved
by any team in the United States for
season of 1900 will be allowed to play ln
the California League at the close of 1599.
Umpires will be required to wear the reg
ulation uniform during the game, and all
protested games must be decided within
thirty days by an arbitration committee
consisting of the president, vice president
and secretary.
Manager Harris of the San Francisco
team read a letter from James A. Hart,
president of the Chicago club, in which
he stated that in view of the organization
of the California League he will bring his
team to this coast for spring practice. The
California teams will thus have an op
portunity to try conclusions with repre
sentatives from the National League
while preparing for the opening of the
seasson. ■__- -
CHARLEY KRAFT IS BACK.
Twenty-Mile Road Champion Again
in California.
Charley Kraft "has came." "The fly
ing Dutchman," as he is euphoniously
termed by his club mates of the Bay City
Wheelmen, returned yesterday from his
Eastern trip for the avowed purpose of
contesting in the coming six-day meet at
the Pavilion.
Kraft is one of the greatest middle dis
tance road riders in America, and in the
relay and twenty-mile association races
he landed his club a winner three succes
sive times. His greatest road perform
ance was on August 15, IsfT, when he cov
ered the association twenty-mile course
around the San Leandro triangle in 48
mm. 56 sec, beating his own best pre- '
vious time nearly four minutes. The
nearest that J. E. "Wing, the best man of
twenty entrants, could come to it in the !
1896 event was 52:37, so that some idea can
be formed, by comparison, of Kraft's
wonderful speed on the road. He has
great endurance and expects to be in at '
the finish of the six-day event. He has
done little riding in the East, but is in fine
condition.
Herman Hadenfeldt received a letter
yesterday from W. E. Becker, the great I
tive-miler of Minneapolis, stating that he
would probably come out and race in the
sprints at the tournament.
The annual election of the Olympic Club i
"Wheelmen will be held this evening at '
the Post street clubhouse. The nominees !
have already been mentioned in this pa
per.
The Capital City Wheelmen have elected
the following officers: J. A. Woodson,
president; Dr. Clifford Todd, vice presi
dent; J. T. Sheehan, secretary; H. Ben
nett, treasurer; Ammon Clay, captain'
Frank Moeller, historian; directors, C. M.
Goethe, George Stroner, W. J. Hill and l'
S. Upson.
-•-, — _
ITS TENTH ANNIVERSARY.
Celebration and Installation of Car-
penters' Union No. 483.
After its regular business meeting last
night Carpenters' Union No. 4is3 installed
a new set of officers and celebrated its
tenth anniversary in royal style.
This union is one of the oldest in the
city and was organized for the purpose
of reducing the hours from nine to eight
As everybody knows, it succeeded and
stands to-day the second oldest, second ;
largest and perhaps the most popular car
penters' union in the city. Ceremonies
were opened last night by a short speech
from the new president. Perry J Mc-
Kenna. Walter Goff, one of the old mem- '•■
bers of the union, was next called upon '■
and acquitted himself with credit. Other 1
speeches were made by P. H. McCarthy [
president of the Building Trades Council
Guy Lathrop, secretary of No. 453; c Vy'
Doyle, J. C. Heymer and many others"
In the meantime the members of the re
freshment committee had not been idle
and by the time the regular speechma'k
ers had concluded their remarks all had
partaken of the supply of both solid and
liquid refreshments and the merry stag
party which followed will long be remem
bered, v.-.; i'y~-
The new officers are: P. J. McKenna
president; W. J. Kidd, vice president* W*
T. Barttrum, recording secretary; <; La
throp, financial secretary; J. c. Heymer
treasurer; S. Cahill, warden; W. Foeres
ter, conductor; H. Hageman, trustee- del
egates to District Council, C. Stocks \V L
Kidd and George Lee; delegates to' Labor
: Council, J. W. Lamont and O. M. Roberts*
i delegates to Building Trades Council f'
McDonald, C. A. Jetiers, Walter H Goff
j and George Lee. *
THREE ELECTION CONTESTS.
; ' ::,- ■-:
Two Are Continuad and One With
Two Plaintiffs Dismissed.
The contested election of Dr. p. a.
Kearney against Lewis F. Byington, in
volving the Supervisorship of the Seventh
ard, was called by Judge Belcher yes
terday morning. A big crowd of wit
nesses was present, but none were exam
ined, the session of court being occupied
In argument on a motion to dismiss and
on the question as to who should pay the
costs. The motion was- dismissed and the
court took the matter of costs under ad
vice and continue 1 the case until Wed
nesday for further hearing. .
The actions of James ..IcCabe and
James McQuade against Edward I. Shee
han, Tax Collector, in which a decree of
court was asked declaring that Sheehan
had been illegally elected, were dismissed
by Judge Troutt yesterday. The actions
were dismissed without prejudice to fur
ther action.
Owing to the death of Judge Hebbard's
mother the contest of Richard. P. Doolan
against Martin Fragley went over until
this morning. \
Wills Filed for Probate.
The will of John O'Byrne. who died
August 29, 1898, has bee- filed for probate.
Decedent bequeaths $100 to his d ghter,
Alice O'Byrne, the residue of the estate'
valued at WOO, being devised to Emiline
O'Byrne, widow of the testator. The
will of Catherine Herbst bequeaths an
estate, valued at $35,000, to her husband
John C. Herbst.
Dr. George C. Pardee,
Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat, has removed
to Chronicle building, second floor. •
A CHAMPION OF MANHOOD
FATHER MacCORRY, in an Eloquent Lecture
on "Individuality," Eulogizes Father
Yorke.
Rev. Father MacCorry of the Paulist
Community added another bright Jewel to
his fame as a scholar and an orator last
evening in his lecture on "Individuality,"
before the members and friends of Igna
tian Council No. 35 of the Young Men's
Institute. Although the priest is hardly
beyond the years of a boy, he is consid
ered by the greatest minds in his order as
one of the most eloquent preachers In the
entire society of St. Paul.
His lecture last evening was divided into
two parts. These he termed the "ruts"
and "anti-ruts" of life. The subject as di
vided was nothing more than a well-de
fined parallel between the man who leads
and the man who follows, the man who
introduces Innovation and the man who
Inevitably meets advancement with stu
pid, malignant and perhaps vicious * an
tagonism. In expanding this thought and
comparing the two propositions, the
speaker eulogized the efforts of Father
Yorke to maintain his individuality and
avoid the course or "rut" that "pin-head
ed creatures with two legs persist in
struggling on in life, incapable of even
brains enough to bestow a helpful, gener
ous, whole-souled mistake upon " the
world."
In introducing the subject of the even
ing the lecturer said:
Sometimes seated in my study chair close
to the borderland between day and dark, too
dim to w-orlc by daylight, too early for the
lamp, I amuse my fancy with some quaint
philosophy. Perhaps the notion was suggested
by the "Lifters and Leaners" that Miss Wil
cox tells us of in — perhaps otherwise; at
any rate once It was twilight, and I caught
myself dividing off this world Into two great
classes— the "ruts" and • the "anti-ruts" of
life.
When the thought first came to me, I never
meant to speak of It to any one, but Just
treasure It up with two or tnree other little
thoughts that I always keep for my own edi
fication; but when Council 35 pressed me Into
service for this lecture here to-night, I thought
that nothing was too good for them— the very
best tbat 13 in me, even If that very best
ls very poor indeed.
With the ruts tf life I classed in my fancy
all those who plod along in just the way that
all preceding vehicles have passed. They want
every to move along for the same very I
t tbat ls In me, even if that very best |
t*ery poor indeed.
ith the ruts bt life I classed in my fancy j
thu.-o who ;»!od along In just tlie way that
preceding vehicles have parsed They want
ry one to move along In the same old ;
grooves; to have the same old ideas; to think ;
the same old thoughts; to battle for the same !
old convictions. They are the ultra conserva
tives—are the ruts. Anything out of the C"m
monplace affrights them. "Gracious;" they
say, "how perfectly dreadful. Who ever heard ■
of such a thing as that? My father or grand- 1
father or great grandfather or great great'
grandfather surely never did."
And asalnst the ruts the anti-ruts rebel, j
They would rather keep clear of the grooves, j
To be sure they must feel certain that' they
are on the right road, but tfiey avoid the
ruts. They look to - the terminus rather than
to the way of reaching- it. ■ They have rough '
riding, I know, because the ruts in which other :
vehicles have passed are really very smooth.
The carriage of the anti-rut sometimes
bounces fearfully. Then, too, the ruts are
sometimes positively malicious. They are apt
to throw obstacles in the way. That means
jolting lor the Anti-Ruts; but never mind, is
not jolting good for Indigestion? Besides that
sometimes keeping out of the ruts even if
the road is very rough has Its advantages.
You are not so apt to get drowsy. \ A rough
road will keep you wide awake and observant
of the ' scenery.
The only thing I do not like about the whole
affair Is the names. "Ruts" and "anti-ruts
is very prosy. I am afraid the world will no
take them as they stand. But never mind—
we may find prettier names for those two
classes in time. Ruts and anti-ruts will do
very well with which to start.
Now, I need not tell you on which side I
stand. My prayers and my sympathies are
with the ruts and anti-ruts of life for eve
and ever and ever, amen.
So let me Etart. then, to-night by sounding
a bugle me of warning to all those who have
igle blast of warning to all those who have
not as yet espoused the cause of either party.
Avoid the ruts'. Start in a rut at is and the
chances are that you will be in a rut at SO.
Once in a regular groove you cannot get out
without breaking the shaft or wrenching the
tire - from a wheel. Sometimes you see a
teamster get his wagon wedged in the grooves
of a cartrack. and, oh, the struggle to get that
wagon out- Start ln a rut at. Is and you will
be there at 80— that is the keynote to all I
have to say to-night.
But in all this be not deceived. It means
to suffer, to be maligned, to be traduced to
be misinterpreted, to be attributed with sordid
motives, to be called fanatic. Let a man once
step upward from the ranks of the common
i place and into the open clearing of conviction
where he stands alone, and he makes himself
the target of devils and of men. Wise saws
are then repeated and knowing nods and
■. prophetic winks. The whisperer projects his
; venom, the slander monger his forked tongue.
; Ah. yes, be not deceived; it means to suffer:
: you and I, plain citizens that we are. know
that. Have you not seen it so? Ah, that our
' memories so soon should fall. Has there not
i stood one where I stand now; need I speak his
names? Who when others prated of "master
ful retreats" and "triumphant retrogressions"
i and "victorious Inactivities" stood out and
: fought the battle of God's church from this
platform single handed and alone? You know
how fierce was the fray; how desperate the
struggle, how terrific the death grapple. At.
: that our memories so soon - should fall. So-
I ciety offered her retainers. You know how
{he despised them. Politics fawned her bribes
about her feet. You know how he scorned
! them. Bigotry besmirched his name with the
i foulness of her breath only to recoil ■ defeated
!to Its own destruction. Other men have
striven unselfishly in the cause of truth, but
•he labored with an energy into which every
: thing was projected— body, soul, eternity and
i time. He paid the price. You know what it
I has cost him; his health, his strength his
; tranquillity of mind, the final sous ln the pock
ets of his garments that were never over
j stocked. I need not go ' on. You * know the
! story more thoroughly than I. I need not have
! said so much j were It not that ' our memories
' are so apt to fail.
Grant for the argument of. some he made
; mistakes. Grant for the contention of others
', he was not always quite Judicious. What will
. they tell us then? '-. Will one error blind us to
a million truths? Will one drop of ink ob
scure the sun? There are some I know who
never make mistakes. The dumb, dull sheep
that plods hlndermost in the flock can never
be accused of indiscretion; but the one who
with eyes alert and keen pioneers to better
pastures, it is he who must bear the Judg
ment if mistake be made.
Oh yes; there are those who never make mis
takes, I know. But let them not be glorified
by the distinction. There are pin-headed crea
tures with two legs who have not brains
enough to bestow even a helpful, generous,
whole-souled mistake upon the world. Why,
the very mistakes of honest men have been
triumphant stepping stones in the world's
progress. There are men who see no more
value In a good, sound, conscientious en
than the Indian sees ln the gold mine beneath
his wigwam. I tell you to confer a mistake
candidly, good-naturedly, sincerely upon the
world is in itself a notable performance. All
'hat for the sake of the arguments without
conceding the facts. But what I am maintain
ing now is that be a man and it means to
suffer. Permit me to drive you that conclu
sion home. Are there not those who under
God owe the triumph of their faith on this
sunset coast to the power of the lips and the
might of the pen of Peter Yorke. and who
now, that immensities of waters defy retort,
have projected the slanderous venom and the
fang of calumny and the traitor's sting.
Ah, that our memories so soon should fall!
But though every tongue were to revile and
sully and besmirch the fairness of his fair
name, yet would every board in these old walls
shout out his praise triumphant: would re
bound the slanderous infamy and drive it back
to the reptile teeth from which It hissed.
Would abash and confound and cover them
with shame.
Ah, yes. be not deceived. It means to die.
For Joseph a pit, for Daniel a wild beast's
den. for David dethronement and exile, for
John the Baptist a wilderness and the execu
tioner's ax, for Peter crucifixion, for Paul the
Phllipplan dungeon, for Christ the Cross, for
the sons and daughters of the King since the
world was made, fire and persecution and the
sword.
Let me practically apply this thought of In
dividuality now, and I am done. Such men as
I have described to-night are required first of
all ln politics by our country. In public life
we need to-day. perhaps more than we ever
needed, men who will think for themselves, act
for themselves, be above reproach. The science
of government has been bedraggled until it
reeks with moral turpitude bribery glides
through the council chambers of the nations
as softly as a slippered page lecherous
hands plunged deep in its well-filled sack.
The machinery of American politics to-day is
constructed of a thousand wheels, and the cogs
of these thousand wheels play into the cogs
of a greater wheel, and the great center wheel
has for Its tire a railroad track, and when It
moves it sets in motion the other thousand
smaller wheels which go to constitute our poli
tical mechanism. V'.yy.
Ah, I tell you. our country needs to-day
about a dozen men who first and last and all
the time hold the cause of country dearer than
the cause of life — men like Theodore Roose
velt in New York, who serves his country loy
ally, disinterestedly, heroically— in pri
vate life, in public office or the field of
blood—a man who in every phase of his event
ful career has ever dared to do right, standing
out bravely, grandly, defiant, against the
clamor Of . the godless for the cause of his
country's weal— the first Governor In the his
tory of the Empire State to ascend the chair
of power without pledge or oath to party or
to friend. Ah, yes. we need the strong vital
ity of such men as that ln the backbone of the
American Government to-day. Perhaps no\
here— how could I know? I am but a stranger
within your gates. They do say that here the
cause of justice never wavers; that its sun
blazes full orb ever in the sky. They do say
that here a public office is ever regarded
piously as a public trust. They assure me that
the palm of the office-holder here is ever rest
ful—impervious to persuasive consideration or
stimulating pelf. They do say, and protest
much, that the law he*e in favor of public
morality and public weal is religiously and
strenuously enforced. "Brutus was an honor
able man: so are they all— all honorable men."
They tell me this— lt must be to. "Why should
they deceive me? Am I not but a trusting
stranger within their gates? *\. ■;..-.
But yet I would fain set me grand and lofty
ideals for the young men whom I address to
night. In such an hour as you know not the
enemy may plant his tares among the wheat.
The clouds of political turpitude may one day
dispel the hp'-" that now hover so lovingly
above the heads of those In public trust. Then
In those dark days would I have the young men
of this city and association blaze out like
stars amid the patriots, soldiers, heroes
all: honest mon In a world of dishonesty; up
right citizens in a world -' frivolous preten
tion. _ _;-' ; y V}
The Last Sad Rites.
The funeral of the late Corporal "W. F. |
Gelmann of the Police Department was !
held yesterday morning from his late resi
dence to Holy Cross Church, where a
solemn high requiem mass was celebrated.
Rev. Father McGinty officiating. The in
terment was at Mount Calvary Cemetery.
The pallbearers from the Police Depart
| ment were Detectives Harry Reynolds,
.Ed "Wren and Jerry Dinan and Otto Hey
'nemann. besides two members of Pros
i perity Lodge No. 309, A. O. U. "W., of
' which the deceased was a member. Cap
i tain Spillane. in command of a squad of
' police, headed the cortege and Chief Lees
i and other prominent members of the de
; partment were present.
Ames Against Coffey.
Handwriting Expert Daniel T. Ames j
I has made his appearance in the suit of !
IC. F. Summers against the California :
I Bank, Joseph Nolan and his wife, Maud
; Nolan, to recover $15,000. which plaintiff ■
I avers was assigned to him by Mrs. Mabel j
Treadwell prior to her death. Judge I
■ Coffey testified that in his opinion the '■
■ purported assignment was written by
Mrs. Treadwell. On this question Ames
differs, stating that in his opinion the in- j
strument is not genuine.
If the lead in your pencil ls poor, try the
famous "Koh-I-Noor." •
NEW SCHOOL
IS BOYCOTTED
BY PARENTS
Teacher Is Charged
With Neglect.
WANT THE SCHOOL CLOSED
TIME SPENT IN LECTURES TO
TOTS ON "HEALTH."
There Are but Fourteen Pupils in At
tendance arid the Majority of
These Will Be With-
drawn at Ones.
Dislike for a teacher has led a number
of parents living in the vicinity of the
Cliff House to boycott the new school in
that district.
This school was opened about three
months ago in the building at Forty
third and Point Lobos avenues, and Miss
McLaughlin was placed in charge. The
children attending It are mainly from the
vicinity of the station at the Cliff and a
few from west of the park, fourteen in
all.
According to the statements of the !
parents, the children have been having a j
royal good time for the past two months. |
They have been given very little Instruc- i
tion, and frequently the school had not
been opened after the noon recess until
1:30 o'clock. In the meanwhile the chil
dren would be amusing themselves
around the neighborhood according to
their inclinations. Afternoon sessions
have been spent in lectures on health
and other subjects to children who hardly
knew their A B Cs. „
The thing finally grew monotonous.
One mother who has two little tots in at
tendance declares that they have gone
backward instead of forward since they
left the Richmond School and started go
ing to the one nearer home. Sunday aft
ernoon a number of parents met and de- j
cided not to send their children to school
until a new teacher is provided. They
had intended petitioning the School Board
at the time the schools closed for the
Christmas recess to have the objection
able teacher removed, but owing to the
muddled up condition of school affairs
they decided to wait until after the holi
days.
Nobody seemed willing to start the pe
tition, so the parents decided to keep
their children away altogether until the i
school is abolished Or the teacher re
moved. As the school roll contains but
fourteen names, and two or three friend
ly families have a monopoly of these, it
will be an easy matter to lighten the la
bors of the teacher to such an extent that
her school will be finally abolished.
Personally, Miss McLaughlin is a uni
versal favorite, but parents do not care
to send their children to school and have I
them coming back no wiser than they
were when they started out.
New Choral Society.
A new choral society has recently
! been organized for the purpose of
I studying the more beautiful English
' part songs, glees, etc., with the ulti-
I mate intention of taking up work of a
i more ambitious character later. The
! society is composed strictly of amateurs
who are desirous of adding to their
number any persons of either sex who
are interested in vocal music, no mat
ter what technical knowledge they may
possess. The rehearsals are held every
Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock in the
j basement of the Church of the Advent,
I Eleventh street, near Market, which
| has been selected on. account of its cen
j tral and accessible location. All per
sons will be most cordially welcomed
at the rehearsals.
W. H. H. Hart Must Pay. *
Judgment was ordered entered in favor
of the Bank of Lake and against *W. H.
H. Hart for the sum of $11,197 96 by Judge
Hunt yesterday. The amount mentioned
represents the principal of three notes
with interest from July 10. 1894.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A PRESTIDIGITATOR
Can work bo more magical effects than
we produce on soiled linen.
Our work is modern: our methods
perfect, and the magical effects of no
"saw edges" on garments leaving our
establishment is noticeable on every
one of our patrons' faces.
The United States Laundry, offica
1004 Market street Telephon,
South 420 .
AMUSEMENTS.
COMEDY THEATER.
Formerly the Popular Eush.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
v - A GREAT BIG SUCCESS.
As Immortal as the Declaration of Independ-
ence!
THE JOHN F. STOWE PIG SPECTACULAR
PRODUCTION OF
UNCLE TOM'S CABIN.
The Only Legitimate Organization Now Prop-
erly Presenting: This Ideal American Drama.
20 COLORED « PEOPLE 20 WHITE.
A GREAT COMPANY.
A GREAT CAST.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Prices — 15c. 25c. 35c. 50c.
Matinees-*- 15c and 25c. M-'-i--'
, Seats on Sale Box Office and Emporium.
January 16— New Musical Comedy, "TWO
MARRIED MEN *'
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
This Afternoon at 1:30 Sharp."
LAST RECITAL OF
ROSENTHAL.
Popular Prices ?1. fl 50 and $3
Seats at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
STEEPLECHASE
At CENTRAL PARK/
A HUGE SUCCESS. > '*--
OPEN DAILY FROM 1 TO 11.
EVERYBODY RIDES.
ADMISSION 10. INCLUDING HORSES.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Good 1
| Reputation I
and extended use of J
i Brown's Bronchial I
Troches, for Coughs I
and Throat Troubles, i
; has caused them to 1
i be extensively imi- 1
tated. I
The title "Bronchial Troche?* I
was established as a trademark i
. by John I. Brown & Son, iniSs6. 1
j Making or selling lozenges i
: tinder the name of "Bronchial fl
j Troches" is a violation of this 1
9 trademark, which has been sus- I
j tamed by the courts in numer- -|
i - ous cases. 777 "' ■ I
Dealers are cautioned against r i
infringements on I
i Brown's Bronchial Troches, I
; which are sold only in boxes i
(25c., 50c., and $1.00 with the |
fac-similo jt/j/7 *? 1
signature of &****> 'ft***. a%mt' |
on outside wrapper of box. y
\hm'^*^**i± M '' ma ' lu '* , ' f '- J '' !Mtl ' lJ wm\' m **
Use * */^5& se *
Woodbury's .***% Woodbury's
Facial Soap. *&/ Faoial Cream. j
i The only preventive for pimples, blotches.
blackheads, red, rough and oily skin. Send 10
'■ cents for Beauty Book, and receive Bampla
; each of Soap and Cream, free. JOHN H. ,
WOODBURY. 26 W. 23d St.. New York, and IO
I State St.. Chicago.
' _ »
AMUSEMENTS.
Mtomla "iSv,
A SUPERB PRODUCTION • OF
A Charming Play.
EDWIN MAYO
t
AND A SPLENDID COMPANY
In Frank Mayo's drama fixation of
Mark Twain's
"PUDD'NHEAD
WILSON.
MONDAY The original "YON YONSON."
COLUMBIA^
•W^ffalJ Ma __-J £_?*a * HeMUI
LAST 6 NIGHTS.
MATINEE SATURDAY. ?i '■ l-1 M
THE LAUGHING SUCCESS,
WILLIE COLLIER
In the Comedy Triumph,
THE MAN'
FROM MEXICO.
LAST TIME NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT.
| NEXT MONDAY— FRANK DANIELS, la
j "THE IDOLS EYE." ,
j
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellnjr. Proprietor and __rr.
LAST NIGHTS OF
Our Successful Holiday Spectacle.
■THE YELLOW DWARF.
HEAR "DINAH AND LU."
NEXT WEEK NEXT "WEEK
The Eastern operatic success
THE WEDDING DAY.
Reappearance of the Favorite Contralto.
MISS BERNICE HOLMES.
Matinee Saturday at 2.
! Popular Prices :...25c and 50a
jN. B.— A Reserved Seat for the nee.... SSo 1
Our Telephone, Bush 9. '
Secure Your Seats In Advance.
*^§pss_
The Comedy Act of the Season.
BARTON HILL AND CHARLES WILLARD,
Supported by Ella Sothern and Lucila Nuna.
In Milton Nobles' Farce, "BELINDA BAI-
LEY'S BOARDERS."
KRAUSE AND ROSA, and Their "Dutch
Pickaninnies." »"...
VOULETTE AND CARLOS. Balancing Acro-
bats.
GEORGE EVANS. Monologue Artist
PAPINTA! PAPINTA!
ANNA TERESA BERGER, DELTORILLI
BROS. AND THE RAPPO SISTERS.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs .and Box Seats, BOc.
MATINEES WED., SAT. AND SUNDAY.
Seats now on sale for Children's Hoepltal
Benefit, Wednesday, January 18.
ALCAZAR SSSTIS
TO-NIGHT AND DURING
IVJ HJUU I ENTIRE WEEK,
AUGUSTIN DAL,
Brilliant Comedy Success.
THE
mi 111 JLJim
MAGISTRATE
Delightfully presented, with perfect stage ap-
pointments. *--:.*.*--".
IBS. prices fgs:
Next Week— "A TEMPERANCE
TOWN."
IOROSOO'S GRAND E
Faltsr MOKO3CO, Sole Lessee and Manager
LAST WEEK OF THE SEASON.
LAST WEEK! LAST WEEK!
HI HENRY'S
'7;;-;-'. BIG — •
IWINSTRET
XIX AGGREGATION. J-4
60— ALL-WHITE PERFORMERS— SO
CROWDED HOUSE NIGHTLY. -
ENTIRE CHANGE OF PROGRAMME.
EVERYTHING NEW.
SUNDAY EVENING NEXT— LAST OF THE !
• SEASON. i
POPULAR PRICES 10c. 25c, 500 «
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
JO _T"^ i flf*** INGLESIDE
_r-VV>-r»_y-r\,>» TRACK.
"The grandest racing plant in America."—
Chicago Chronicle.
I FIVE OR MORE
I RACES DAILY!
WFnVr*\HAY- THE PRESIDIO STAKES.
LU'.M-JVAI three-year-olds, mile and a
furlong, sixteen entries. '
Trains leave Third-street station at 12:45 and l
1:15 p. m. Round trip tickets. 25 cents.
Electric cars on Mission and Kearny streets
every three minutes. -• ?
ADMISSION— ONE DOLLAR.
S. N. ANDROUS, Prcsldaat,
F. H. GREEN, Secretary.
78
PASSENGER
TRAINS IN
COLLISION
Thirteen Persons Killed and
Twenty-Five Injured on the
Lehigh Valley Road.
Terrible Mistake in Orders Causes One of the
Worst Disasters on the Rail in
Recent Years.
■Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARTIN KEENAN, hotel-keeper, Mount Carmel, Pa,
W. H. HINKEL, contractor. Mount Carmel, Pa.
JACOB HELLER, tailor, Mount Carmel, Pa. '
H. E. WEIKELL. 25 years of age, Mount Carmel, Pa.
FRANK FISCHER, shoe dealer, Mount Carmel, Pa.
W. H. LEADER, 24 years old, dry goods dealer. Mount Carmel, Pa.
He is a son of C. C. Leader, president of a bank in Shamokln. He
was only recently married.
FRANK MARKEL, 54 years old, Shamokln, Pa,
THEODORE S. KOHN, Shamokin, Pa.
ABNER S. KEIFER, carpet dealer, Pottsville, Pa.
WILLIAM H. MARKEL, Shamokln, Pa.
JAMES JARVIS, 12 years old, Mount Carmel, Pa,
TWO WOMEN, who are still to be identmed.
O Arthur Tregembo, Llellewyn, Pa., both legs broken; Nicholas Pa-
O recta, Shamokin, Pa., legs crushed; Henry John Parecca, Shamokin,
O Pa., legs crushed; Louis Parecca, Shamokin, Pa., legs crushed; Mrs.
©•■Mary Parecca, Shamwkin, Pa., Internal Injuries, may die; O. S.
© Schemer, fireman, South Easton, Pa., skull fractured, may die; Ed-
O ward W. Rick, engineer, legs broken, body crushed, expected to 'die;
O Joseph Malesky, Shenandoah, Pa.; Mary Jarville, Mount Carmel;
© Maiosta, Shenandoah, Pa.; George Lansky, Mount Carmel; unidenti
© lied man with "J. J." on his cuffs; James Prendergast, engineer, Eas-
O ton, Pa., likely to die; Joseph, full name and residence unknown; Or-
O lando S. Lame, Sunbury, Pa., bruised, ankles sprained; Harry R.
S Foster, plumber, Pottsville, Pa., legs broken; Mrs. Henry Lockhaven,
Big Mine Run, legs broken; Mrs. Lockhaven's mother, legs crushed;
O Mrs. Harry Johns, Shamokin, Pa., seriously injured about the legs, St.
© Vincent Hospital, Xew York; L. S. Water, lawyer, Mount Carmel,
© Pa., legs broken; William Feelin, Pottsville, Pa., leg fractured; Mrs.
© Biltz, Ashland, Pa., both legs broken.
NEW YORK, Jan. 9.— By a head-on
collision between two passenger trains
of the Lehigh Valley Railroad at West
Dunellen, X. J., at 12:45 p. m. to-day,
thirteen persons were killed and over
twenty-five wounded.
West Dunellen is three miles from
Boundbrook and about thirty miles
from New York city. At the spot where
the disaster occurred there is a sharp
curve in the Lehigh Valley track, and
"a steep cut, but the accident was due
in the first place to some terrible mis
take in train orders and In the second
place to another accident that occurred
at Boundbrook earlier in the day.
.The blood-stained wreck of tangled
and twisted iron and wood that was
still on the tracks to-night bore wit
ness to the truth of the general verdict
ot railroad men that this was one of
the worst collisions in recent years.
A head-on collision on a double track
road was made possible only by a
freight wreck which occurred at Bound
brook at 6 o'ciock this morning when
the axle of a freight car broke and nine
cars were piled on top of each other.
This completely blocked the east-bound
track and all through the morning Le
high Valley trains bound for Xew York
switched from their own track to the
west-bound track, going over these
rails from Boundbrook to New Market,
a distance of six miles, and changing
at the latte. place to their right side of
the road. To permit this mode of traf
fic, all west-bound trains were held at
'South Plainfield until their own line
was clear of trains going in the opposite
'direction. ; *: '
Train No. 20, which left Shamokln,
Pa., at 7 a. in., was so heavy with
human freight that it had to be broken
into three sections. The first two sec
lions arrived at Boundbrook, switched
over to the other track, switched back
at New Market and reached New York
in safety. The third section of this
train was almost an hour late. Its
seven cars were crowded with 400 ex
cursionists, most of them from Mount
Carmel and Shamokln, Mahonoy City,
Hazleton, Ashland and Pottsville. The
party was traveling under the auspices
of the Business Men's excursion, an an
nual event which many patronize for
a three days' visit to Xew York. Not a
few of the excursionists were coming
to witness the McCoy-Sharkey fight.
Their train switched over at Bound
brook and proceeded like the preceding
sections, on the west-bound track.
Meanwhile there had been waiting at
New Market a local train that piles be
tween. Xew York and Boundbrook. It
is due in Boundbrook at 11:59 a. m. Ow
ing to the traffic all going on one track
it was almost an hour late. At last
the train dispatcher at South Plainfield
gave it permission to go. Just before
reaching West Dunellen Engineer Rick
slowed his train down, because he stops
for passengers If there are any. Mar
tin Brennan, the signalman, threw up
'his arms and waved them, as If to say
there were no passengers, so the local
put on steam and headed around the
curve, going at about twenty-five miles
ah hour. There were only four pas
sengers on. the local.
In the cab of the excursion train was
James Prendergast, the engineer, with
his fireman, George Cheshire. They
saw the local as it started on the
curve. With shrieking whistle and
brakes grinding sparks from the
wheels the excursion train bore down
to • what seemed certain destruction.
The passengers, alarmed at the con
tinued whistling, opened the windows,
mothers snatched* their children to
their arms, men started from their
seats, but before they had time to find
out what was the matter they were
hurled headlong, knocked senseless
and many killed outright.
The • two engines, from which both
crews had Jumped, came together with
an awful crash. The excursion train
was probably going at about fifteen
miles an hour. The local engine, as if
tripped in Its faster flight, turned a
somersault and came crashing down
•beside its now demolished obstruction.
But its career was not ended before It
had Jammed the tender of the excur
sion train almost from one end to the
other of the first car from Shamokln.
The tender stopped a few feet from
the rear door. The car, or what was
left of it, rolled over, carrying with it
the imbedded tender, the fragments of
a dozen bodies and the Imprisoned
wounded, who had been carried with
the Jagged iron on its relentless course
through the coach.
It was in the first car of the excur
THE DEAD.
THE INJURED.
sion train that all the deaths and most
|of the casualties occurred. The other
i cars, though their occupants were
, badly shaken up, stayed on the track
' and were in condition to be hauled off.
The baggage car in front of the local
train was rather badly smashed up.
From Dunellen, Boundbrook and
other places surgeons were quickly
; summoned. They came over the Cen
tral Railroad of New Jersey, whose
1 tracks run parallel with the Lehigh at
this point, about 400 yards distant.
Wrecking trains were quickly on hand.
As the dead were taken from the
demolished car they were put in the
i rear car of the excursion train and
taken to Boundbrook, where a Coroner's
inquest was held to-night. The in
; jured were put in the cars of the local
! train. Twenty-one . were taken to
! the Plainfield hospital, while the less
seriously injured were sent on to Jer
sey City and New York.
Engineer Prendergast, who weighs
almost 300 pounds, Jumped too late. He
was caught under his engine and for
three hours lay in frightful agony.
When at last a huge crane lifted the
iron off his body he was found so badly
injured that ha Is expected to die.
The loss of life lnfiicted upon his
1 train would probably have been noth
, ing like it was had It not been for the
fact that at Mauchchunk the baggage
car of the excursion train was found
to have a hot box and was taken .off,
. thus leaving the crowded day coach
next to the engine. If this coach had
! remained in the position it had when
the train left Shamokin probably only
a few lives would have been lost.
Engineer Rick of the local was found
on the track so badly injured that lit
tle hopes are entertained of his recov
ery. Despite the blood that flowed
from his mouth Rick gurgled out:
"Some one gave wrong orders. I know
how it happened, but I cannot speak
now."
In this connection W. O. Sprigg, the
superintendent of the Easton division
of the Lehigh, said: "The accident is
evidently due to a blunder in orders."
The train dispatcher at Easton, who
has charge of the territory, is said to
have wired to the operator at South
Plainfield to let number 71, the local,
come through, but later there came a
message from Easton to hold all west
bound traffic.
It is alleged that the latter message
was overlooked. Some say it was not
handed to the operator, but whichever
way it was the westbound train was
allowed on its track, and from every
thing that could be learned the col
lision was plainly due to a mistake In
orders and to no negligence of the train
crews.
Dr. Brakeley of Dunellen was one of
the first on the scene. He said:
"We got into the overturned car and
groped among the debris for the dead.
Teeth, arms, brains, splintered wood
and twisted iron were mixed up In an
indescribable mass. The wounded, most
of them suffering from -broken legs,
were all jammed together at the rear
end. The dead we got out piecemeal.
Among the- ruins we found a baby
about 4 months old, without clothes.
We thought it was dead and laid It on
the bank beside the half-dozen other
mangled bodies we had extricated.
Just as I was leaving I noticed signs
of life. The baby was alive, and a care
ful examination showed it had sus
tained only a bruise on the head. We
put it in the car for Plainfield."
This baby belonged to Mrs. Mary
Parreca of Mount Carmel, who was ac
companied on the train by her hus
band, two young sons and the infant in
question. ..
As the daylight began to die huge
bonfires made of the car debris were
lighted by the side of the track, and
by the glare of their flames the wreck
ing crews worked their ponderous der
ricks. 7^* '
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
WASHINGTON, Jan. .- 9. - Governor
Brady of Alaska to-day visited the House
Committee on Territories which is pre
paring a measure providing for the civil
government of Alaska. He urged Incor
poration into the bill of a high license
liquor law, and there Is every probability
that his recommendation will be adopted.
By direction of the Secretary of War,
Louis A. Miller, Fort Mason, will be dis
charged from the army. Post Chaplain
Patrick J. Hart, U. S. A., will accom
pany the Third United States Infantry
to Manila. Captain Frank Greene, Signal
Corps, I*. S. A., will proceed from San
Francisco to Fort Stevens, Oregon, on of
ficial business pertaining to the supervi
sion of the laying of military telegraph
cables, and on completion of this duty
will return to his prober station.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 10, 1899.
HEAVIEST STORM
OF THE SEASON
California Deluged by
the Downpour.
THE END IS NOT IN SIGHT
INDICATIONS THAT THE RAIN
FALL WILL CONTINUE.
In the Upland Counties Snow Threat
ens to Seriously Cripple
j Traffic on the
Railways. r
Special Dispatch to The Call.
A severe storm is central off the Washing-
ton coast and moving rapidly southeast
ward. The pressure has fallen about
seven-tenths of an inch along the Washing
ion coast in the past twenty-four hours and
nearly half an inch in the past twelve hours.
. Rain is falling along the coast as far as
San Francisco and snow is falling in East
ern Oregon. High southeast winds are re
ported from San Francisco northward. ■
Storm southeast signals are displayed
along the California coast from San Fran
cisco northward for high winds and thick
weather along the coast for the next thirty
six hours.
Conditions are favorable for rain Tuesday
and Tuesday night throughout the entire
State.
REDDIXG, Jan. 9.— 3 o'clock this
afternoon a heavy snow storm set in and
at the time the telegraph offices closed
for the night it was still snowing furi
ously with every prospect of continuing
through the night. There were still four
or five inches on the ground from the big
storm of Xew Year's day, though it was
thawing rapidly when the second storm
Be) in. The incoming local train this
evening reported coming Into snow about
three miles outside the city limits. The
storm is driving from the north, indicat
ing that an extraordinary storm is rag
ing in the mountains. if the snowfall
continues all night the Shasta route will
be effectually blockaded for several days.
A depth from two to four feet of snow
is still lying on the ground up the Sacra
mento canyon. The local train may not
be able to get out of the yards in the
morning and the northbound Oregon ox
press will probably be stalled here until
snow plows from Dunsmuir can clear the
track. The indications are that stage
traffic will be delayed in all directions and
that communication with Weaverville and
Trinity County will be entirely cut off.
The storm is unprecedented.
FRESNO, Jan. 9.— Rain began to fall
shortly after dark to-night and has con
tinued in a Steady downpour ever since.
A heavy wind has been blowing from the
south all day and the Indications are that
the present rain will be one of the heav
iest this part of the State has seen in
several years. If the rain continues at
its present rate until morning over two
Inches of rain will have fallen. The to
tal precipitation from September 1 to
date is about two Inches, while the total
average precipitation for the last dozen
years is 8.39 inches, thus the deficiency
based on the average precipitation is
about 1.39 inches. The beneficial effects
of the present storm in this part of the
valley can hardly be overestimated.
Stockmen and farmers had Riven up all
hope of a wet season and all classes of
business men had suffered ln consequence.
In many parts of the county sheep have
been fed on corn for the last three weeks
and had It not been for the present down
pour many of them would have died. As
it is, grass will spring up, and unless se
vere frosts set in will supply abundant
pasturage for sheep and cattle within
two weeks. Much of the wheat sown
during the early months has rotted and
farmers were only waiting for the pres
ent rain to begin work of sowing the
land over again. On the other hand,
there are hundreds of wheat growers who
will start their plows for the first time
during the present week.
SAN ANDREAS, Jan. 9.— A heavy rain
storm set in here this afternoon and for
hours the downpour has continued. This
insures to the mining properties a boun
tiful supply of water. Some three feet"
of snow has fallen higher up. in the
mountains. The creeks and ditches are
running with torrents of water.
Throughout Calaveras the rain has been
general and a good year Is assured.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 9.— Rain com
menced here at 2 o'clock this afternoon
and has continued steadily since. At 10
o'clock to-night it is still storming and
tho outlook is for a heavy rainfall, as
there is a brisk wind from the southeast.
The' rainfall thus far is a little upward
of six inches, as against five inches to
the same date last year. The ground Is
now well soaked and the outlook for
abundant crops very encouraging. The
railroad company's report show that
rain is falling as far north as Redding,
beyond which point it is snowing heav
ily. On the Central Pacific line rain is
falling in the valley and as far up the
mountain as Towles, Placer County.
From there eastward it is snowing.
HOLLISTER, Jan. 9.— Rain is pouring
down, after a south wind that blew all
day.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 9.— Since noon
there has been a tremendous downpour
of rain all over Sonoma County. About
an Inch has fallen since the storm com
menced. The Indications are that It will
rain hard all night.
WOODLAND. Jan. Rain began to
fall at 3 o'clock and has continues stead
ily ever since. The wind is in the south.
Prospects are good for a big storm.
SALINAS. Jan. 9.— After a heavy south
wind lasting two days it began raining
heavily here at 6 o'clock. An oldtime
storm is expected.
CLOVERDALE, Jan. Rain com
menced falling last night, and there has
been a general downpour ever since. For
the season the precipitation amounts to
ten Inches. The feed is fine and stock ls
looking good.
GERMANTOWN, Jan. Prsont Indica
tions point to a much heavier rainfall
than has visited this vicinity since two
years ago. During the three hours thia
evening .30 of an inch fell, making a total
to date of 4.15, against 2.88 to the same
date last season. With favorable spring
rains the yield of Glenn County will bo far
above the average, as the acreage is large
and the ground in excellent condition.
SANTA CRUZ, Jan. 9.— The hardest rain
of the season is falling to-night. The bay
la very rough. The wind is blowing heavy
up the coast.
NAPA. Jan. 9.— The best rain of the sa
son has been falling since noon.
STOCKTON. Jan. 9.— Another half Inch
of rain has been added since the last re
port in this city, and a greater fall is re
ported from the west side. A strong wind
from the south this forenoon foretold the
coming of the storm, and it broke a little
after noon in a hard, driving rain, which
has kept up ever since, making a total of
1.75 inches for the month and 4.94 inches
Cor the season, against 3.42 inches to the
same date last season. The measurement
was taken at 9 o'clock, and the rain is
now coming down heavier and more stead
ily than before.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 9.— lt has been raining
heavily all the evening, and the drops are
still falling. This storm will give the
ground just the soaking necessary to In
sure good crops and a successful fruit
season. Up to date nearly six Inches have
fallen, against 3.38 inches for the corre
sponding season last year.
Deaths at San Juan.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 9.— General Henry,
commanding at San Juan de Porto Rico,
has notified the War Department of the
following deaths:
Private Fingneton, quartermaster's em
ploye, pulmonary' tuberculosis.
Charles J. Graham, civilian employe,
cause not known. >
Private P. F. Bunson, Company F.
Fifth Cavalry, revolver bullet, accidental.
Dismissed From . the Service.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9.— Second Assist
ant Engineer W. J. Sedgwick of the rev
enue cutter service has been dismissed
from Government service by order of the
President. yvyyy
SEEKERS OF ANDREE
PERISH IN SIBERIA
Members of Herr Standling's
Party Meet Disaster Near
the Lena River Delta.
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 9.— The steamship Tacoma, which arrived
this afternoon, brought an interesting budget of Oriental advices.
News has been received at Vladivostok that the expedition of the
Swedish Geological Society, which, under Herr Standling, has since
April last been searching through the wilds of Siberia for the long
lost Swedish explorer, Herr Andree, has met with disaster somewhere
in the great Lena River delta, away to the north .of Irkutsk. The
party was last heard* from at the mouth of the Lena River. Herr
Standling wrote thence under date of September 15 as follows:
"We have our rawboat ready and in this we are now starting
to cross from the Lena delta to the mouth of the Olenek. If we ar
rive in safety w-e will from thence proceed in sledges to Chatango,
the Taimyr Peninsula and the mouths of the River Yenisei in our
search for Andree. The botanist who accompanied us thus far is now
returning via Jakutsk."
The letter was sent by messenger a distance of about 2000 miles
from the Lena delta to Irkutsk for transmission thence by cable to
the Swedish Government. Since that letter nothing was heard of the
searchers until some cossacks arrived at Vladivostok recently with
the news that they had met disaster. No details were given, but
from the last letter sent by Herr Standllng's party it is conceded that
they were drowned. In his last letter, written in July, Herr Stand
ling said:
"We have no other chance than trying to build a boat ourselves
strong enough to carry us safely over the short distance between
the Lena delta and the mouth of the Olenek. We shall do our best as
boat builders, but we cannot expect to build a craft which will ex
clude all danger in case we should be overtaken by a storm while
traversing the open sea."
That is what, in the opinion of the Vladivostok people, has oc
curred. The party was entirely unsuccessful in its search for the lost
explorer. It did not find a trace.
FATAL COLLISION ON
THE UNION PACIFIC
OMAHA, Jan. 9.— special to the Bee
from Sidney, Xebr., says: There was a
wreck on the Union Pacific at Sunal, fif
teen miles east of here, at 4:35 this morn
ing, which resulted in four deaths and
eight people being injured. The- dead are:
ENGINEER DELL BONNER, fatally
hurt, died during afternoon.
FIREMAN JOHN COLEMAN, Creston,
lowa, instantly killed.
MISS MYRTLE ARMSTRONG of Pax
ton, X'ebr.
UNKNOWN OLD MAN.
The Injured are: Engineer Fall, badly
scalded, but not fatally; Engineer Reese,
cut on head; Chinaman, name unknown,
scalp wound, chest injured} cook on din
ing car, arm broken, name not given; 11.
P. They, Chicago, head and face scorched,
legs bruised; Johnson, fireman, Council
Bluffs, scalp wound, face badly bruised:
Mrs. A. M. Starzell. Rawlins, Wyo., leg
injured; George J. Hunt of Omaha, super
intendent Belmont Canal Company, left
leg fractured, abdomen injured, badly
bruised. * . 'yy.r-y '/^y'".
The trains which collided were the fast
passenger westbound No. 3, which left
here yesterday afternoon at 4 o'clock and
which was running as a double-header,
and eastbound passenger train No. 2. The
eastbound train had stopped to take the
sidetrack to allow the westbound train
to pass, and had not been able to get on
the siding when No. 3, running at the
rate of forty-five miles an hour, crashed
into it. The engines were piled up in a
mass of scrap iron and the cars, which
were badly broken up, immediately took
fire. The passengers who were not In
jured at once set to work to rescue those
In the wreck, and, with the exception of
Miss Armstrong and the unknown man.
none were burned. The bodies of these
two were badly charred.
Relief trains were immediately sent to
the scene of the wreck and the injured
taken to Sidney, where they could be
cared for. and it is not thought that any
of them except Engineer Bonner, who
died this afternoon, are fatally hurt.
MR. McKINLEY WILL
VISIT THE ISLANDS
Planning to Make a Trip to Cuba
and Porto Rico in the Spring
IT Possible.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9.— is reported at the White House that
the President has practically decided to make a flying trip to Cuba
and Porto Rico in the spring after the adjournment of Congress. The
programme is to make the journey in March if possible. It will de
pend entirely whether the peace treaty be ratified at this session or
not. If the treaty be not acted on before the adjournment of Con
gress on March 4, Mr. McKinley will not, of course, make the con
templated trip, at any rate not next spring. He will convene the new
Senate in special session immediately so that the treaty may be
acted upon with as little additional delay as possible.
It will be hardly safe for the President. to go to either Cuba or
Porto Rico later than March. If he does not go in the spring,
however, he will do so in the fall. He Is anxious to see the country
and study the people and conditions there. ■■":...
If the treaty be ratified before March 4, which is more than prob
able, and there should be any other reason why an extra session of
the Fifty-sixth Congress should be called together, the President can
still make his proposed journey to Cuba and Porto Rico, as he could
arrange to have Congress meet toward the latter part of April or
early in May.
"I am violating no confidence when I say the President is anxi
ous to avoid, an extra session of Congress/ if possible. He sincerely
hopes that all matters of the most urgent* character may be taken up
and disposed of before March 4. I know that the time is short, but
it will not be impossible. Congress can really act quickly when it
wishes to do so, and I believe that leaders in both branches would
prefer not to have an extra session," said one of the President's
close friends to-day. -
ADVERTISEMENTS.
* - ..* ~ -
The Best Is "Dr. Pierces."
'7jt*ly//+s Try an Electric Belt for that pain,
A[ "V Weakness, Lame Back or anything else
/*! • m that alls you (except poverty), and you
I \ •£§» will be pleased with the result. Elec-
S^a • ' _■___ MK -JS triclty will brace you up, put new life
/■*/ v*s^ SBSsfts into you and make you feel twenty
(HjjJ "^^" *r««r__ years younger than you do at present.
••! _, J-Jk M That's what a GOOD Electric Belt will
M J.'^'WMk llo; but be sure you get a good one
I *^!*»**^ »*W while you are about it. In short BUY
/ y , y 'A\ A/Tuft® fc-v NO BELT TILL YOU SEE "DR.
•^j^^AVf ' 4*&_Y\ . --Jl.***- PIERCES."
i^Si)^y)^liL7^ t?ijr________JT " Cb " at the °* f?lce or send 2c !n "tamp*'
wv \^^^litl-___ft *M-_-l-\- for "PAMPHLET No. 2." Address
vWS®^|lw PI£RCE ELECTRIC co -»
■ \7.\ / y.-yi'Wt- - 820 Market Street (Opp. Palace Hotel),
■"*-^_^'i« .;• 7 San Francisco,
1 Four cars were entirely consumed by
i fire and several others were so badly
broken up as to be practically valueless.
The three engines, which were among the
finest used by the road, are practically
scrap iron.
A new track was built around the wreck
and traffic was delayed only a few hours.
Trainmen at the wreck do not attempt
to account for the accident, and the offi
cials at headquarters profess to be equally
ignorant. The only solution they offer is
that possibly the engineer of the west
bound train may have fallen asleep at
his post. All the employes involved are
among the oldest and most trustworthy
in the operating department of the road.
VICTIM OF SM ALT-FOX.
San Francisco Butcher Quarantined
at Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 9.— a late hour
to-night the officers at the police station
were thrown Into a state of consternation
as Edwin G. Lapham, who left San Fran
cisco three months ago, walked into the
station. Lapham bore every indication
of being very ill. His face and hands
were covered with red and swollen cor
puscles, which excited considerable
alarm. Lapham was removed to the base
ment of the station, where Dr. Hagan and
two other physicians examined him. They
pronounced the case one of smallpox and
ordered him removed to the County Hos
pital, where he occupies an Isolated place
and will be quarantined for twenty-four
hours to await further developments.
Lapham, who is 28 years old, and origin
ally came from Indiana, says he was em
ployed as a butcher In San Francisco be
fore he came to Los Angeles.
*.--*.-; •
Decision Affecting Mining Claims.
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 9.— A judment of
a full court to-day held that where an ini
tial post of a mineral claim was planted
on American soil the claim is invalid. The
decision arose out of the Sheen Creek min
eral claim, in which the Initial post was
planted in the State of Washington.
DE BEAUREPAIRE
AIMS VERY HIGH
Aspires to Become the
President of France.
ALLEGES A BIG CONSPIRACY
SAYS COURT OF CASSATION WILL
EXONERATE DREYFUS.
The Republic Again in the Throes of
the Never-Ending Army Scan
dal and a Crisis Is Im
minent.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Jan. 9.— The Echo de Paris
this morning publishes a statement by
M. Quesnay de Beaurepaire of the rea
son for his resignation of the presi
dency of the civil section of the Court
of Cassation. In a long document he
virtually protests against what he sug
gests is a conspiracy on the part of the
Court of Cassation to exonerate Drey
fus. But he practically admits his par
tiality by declaring that his resignation
was intended to avenge the army and
its generals for the sufferings they
have had to endure in silence.
LONDON, Jan. 10.— The Paris corre
spondent of the Dally Graphic says:
It ieally seems as if the Dreyfus affair
can only move by earthquakes.* Un
doubtedly the action of M. Quesnay
de Beaurepaire will precipitate a crisis
which may prove the gravest the Drey
fus affair has yet involved.
The Paris correspondent of the Daily
Mail says: To-day's revelations of
various kinds tend to show that the
members of the Court of Cassation are
themselves divided into two fiercely
opposed camps of Dreyfusards and
anti - Dreyfusards. M. Quesnay de
Beaurepaire's explanation of the causes
for his resignation will probably lead
to the fall of the Cabinet, since he com
plains bitterly of the way M. Debret,
the Minister of Justice, conducted the
interview with him when he offered to
the Minister a statement of the rela
tions between M. Bard of the criminal
branch of the Court of Cassation and
Colonel Picquart.
The Paris correspondent of the
Times says: Of all the scandals pro
duced by the Dreyfus affair, the resig
nation of M. Quesnay de Beaurepaire
is certainly the greatest. What is be
yond doubt is that the nationalists,
who have not a single man whose name
was imposing or whose ability was
dangerous, now appear to have found
a chief, although his aim is still far
from clear. With Quesnay de Beaure
paire leading the nationalists and anti-
Semites, with Paul Deroulede leading
the league of Patriots a- 1 Godfrey
Cavaignac at the head ot the Patrie
Francaise, the republic, if it escapes,
will have a hard time.
The Paris correspondent of the
Daily News says: The action of M.
Quesnay de Beaurepaire in resigning is
astonishing. He throws up one of the
easiest and most honorable posts and a
salary of £1000 a year, which might
have gone on indefinitely at a time of
life when men cease to be fortunate if
they plunge into new ventures. It is
believed that he intends to stand for
the Senate, the Academy and later for
the Presidency of the republic.
MATAAFA ELECTED
KING OF SAMOA
This Is Satisfactory to the Signatory
Powers to th_ Berlin
Treaty.
NEW YORK, Jan. 9.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Mataafa has
been elected King of Samoa to succeed
Malietoa, Official information to this ef
fect has been received here. The election
was held without trouble, though Tara
asese, who was vice king in ISSI, backed
by a small following, endeavored to obtain
the offlce. The situation according to the
latest advices is quiet.
Mataafa's election Is highly satisfac
tory not only to the Washington Govern
ment, but to the German and British Gov
ernments, because of the certainty that
be will be guided in his action by the
wishes of Consuls in Apia of the signatory
powers to the Berlin treaty. '
A collier, the Abarenda, is now fitting
out at Norfolk for a cruise to Pago Pago,
where she will deliver -1000 tons of coal.
After this coal has been stored it Is prob- I
able that a man-of-war will be directed to
cruise to Samoa to display the flag. .
A Double Crop of Apples.
On a Long Island farm is an apple tree
which' bore two crops of fruit the past year,
and the farmers are taking unusual interest
in this peculiarity of nature. Just as much
Interest has been shown in Hostetter's Stom
ach Bitters, which has the peculiarity of cur
ing dyspepsia, indigestion, constipation and
blood disorders that other remedies fail to
benefit. In chronic cases it rarely fails, and it
cures whenever a cure Is possible.
A young gentleman, whose character is above reproach, promi-
nent in the religious circles of a Pennsylvania village, an exhorter of
the M. E. Society there, Secretary of the Quarterly Conference and
at one time President of the Christian Endeavor Society has lo
been a user of Ripans Tabules, and says of them : " They keep mv
bowels open, they do not gripe, they do not purge, and I do not havo
. bad pains in my stomach any more, which I had, with dyspepsia and
constipation, for years— fact, up to about three days after I began
taking the Tabules. There used to be some kinds of food my stomach
would sicken on— pork, for instance. I could not eat it without having
a distressed feeling. Now everything goes down, pork and. greasy
food, that used to make me sick to think of. I always have a few of
the Tabules in my pocket for use if occasion arise*."
A -nVERTISEMENTS. | '
JpjJfiSsf,
r/SfittEr
SICK HEADACHE
t99y_fu Ill__a_ra_i_**raWHfl«"
i Positively cured by these
little Pills. I
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per- J
feet remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They :
Regulate the Bowels, Purely Vegetable. (
Small PHI. Small Dose.
Small Price. •
REFEREE'S SALE,;
"WITHOUT LIMIT OR RESERVE. j
AT AUCTION:
BY ORDER SUPERIOR COURT, '
TUESDAY, JANUARY 17, 1899,
i
At 12 O'Clock, Noon, Sharp, (
i
AT OFFICE OF
MADISON & BURKE,]
626 Market Street
Polk-street business block, Nos. 1709 to 1*715
Polk street, between Clay and Washington. A
solidly built building containing flfty-six rooms;,
three large stores with rooms ln rear; fine con-,
crete basement, with sidewalk elevators. Polk
street is the finest business street west of
Kearny.
Size of lot 63:10x123:8.
__
A -Motor Burned Out
or a wire broken, puts a stop for the time being j
to the work of the electric system. All must be
repaired and the wire again charged before a
wheel will turn. It Is so with THE HUMAN
MACHINE. Its nerve system ls as ahietworkl
of delicate wires and if these are shattered or
enfeebled every function is retarded. To keep;
life at Its best, both for action and enjoyment,,
you must Sustain the Nerve Power. ]
THE FAMOUS
PERFECT!) TABLETS)
are a true sustainor of the nerve power and oij
the greatest efficacy. They repair and build up
the broken-down nerve system; they feed it j
they charge it with vitality; they give sleep to
the sleepless, backbone to the faltering; they
avert insanity and consumption, revive failing
memory, bring rosy cheeks and lustrous eyes.
They are harmless, yet potent; can be carried in;
the pocket, yet restore vigor to all. They (
MAKE PERFECT MEN AMD WOMEN!
One 50 Cents 6 Boxes at »2.50, a
Box Renews Guaranteed Cure or-
Vital Energy. Money Refunded. )
Mailed en receipt of price by
THE PERFECTO CO. Caxtcn B- ! idinn. Chicago. 111.
Sold by Owl Drug Co., S. ****. and Oakland. <
ODOOOOOOOOOOrjOOOOQ
%v.f PALACE '-".I
I GRAND hotels %
q SAH FRANCISCO. Jjj
Jf Connected by a covered passageway M I
P 1400 Rooms— With Bath Attaohsd. 0 •
0 All Under One Management. O
M ROTE THK PRICES: Q
-.European Plan. Bl.oo per day and upward / -
--* American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward 9
t% Correspondence Solicited. q
A JOSH* C. EIEEPATSICK, _[__»$». q
S.QOOOOOQO 00000000 0
,'■ Baja California 1
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisine and specific tonioj
for the sexual find urinary organs of both'
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of the I
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on Its own .
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary. I
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE, Agents, I
123 Market street. S. (Send for Circular.) j
DR.M9NULTYI
fl-IHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD i
J. Specialist cure* Private, Nervous, andßloodDis- :
eases o; Men only. Book on Private Diseases and I
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20y 'rs' experience I
Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours? I
to 3 daily; 6.3o to Sundays. 10 to 12. Consul- 1
free and sacredly confidential. Call, or address '
P. RO§COB McXCLTY, M.D. J
20K Kearny St., San Francisco. Cal. jWAR CLOUDS IN THE FAR EAST
A DAY MAY BRING
PEACE OR WAR IN
THE PHILIPPINES
General Otis Strengthens \-\\s Position at
7 Manila — Landing the California Regi
ment — Aguinaldo Grows
More Ugly.
MANILA, Jan. 9. — The situation is rapidly approaching a climax and it is just possible
that to-morrow will see a peaceful solution.
Meanwhile, all sorts of alarmist rumors are in circulation. The United States authori
ties are taking every precaution. The troops in quarters are under arms and the Californians
have disembarked from the transports.
The natives, it is reported, have been ordered not to work for the Americans and the em
ployes in the commissary department have gone on a strike. Natives are leaving the city.
Major General Otis, however, has the whole situation thoroughly in hand.
A second proclamation by Aguinaldo, bearing the same date as the one which imme
diately followed the proclamation of Major General Otis, based upon President McKinley's
instructions, first appeared on the streets to-day, but it is alleged to have been recalled. Its
terms are much more vehement than those used in the first proclamation. Aguinaldo threat
ens to drive the Americans from the islands, calls the Diety to witness that their blood will
be on their heads if it is shed and details at greater length the promises he claims were made
by the Americans as to the part of the insurgents in the campaign.
It is believed this second proclamation is the original draft which was not adopted by the
Filipino Congress at Malolos.
LONDON, Jan. 9. The Filipino committees in Paris, Madrid and London telegraphed
on Saturday to President McKinley. The Paris dispatch read:
"We protest against the disembarkation of American troops at Iloilo.'*
The London telegram said:
"The treaty of peace being still unratified, the American claim of sovereignty is pre
mature. Pray reconsider the resolution regarding Iloilo. The Filipinos wish for • the
friendship of America and abhor militarism and deceit."
A representative of the Associated Press learns that the Filipino Junta at Paris has re
ceived a telegram from the Filipino agent at Hongkong dated Saturday and saying:
"Fight with Americans unavoidable. We are not the aggressors."
A telegram from an English house at Manila to-day says the situation is very strained
and that there is much anxiety there. The dispatch also contained news from Iloilo, the
substance of which was that the American troops had not yet landed.
SENATOR HOAR DECLARES
AGAINST THE POLICY OF
TERRITORIAL EXPANSION
WASHINGTON, Jan. This proved
to be an interesting day in the Senate,
the' principal subject under discus-
slon being the constitutional right of
the United States to carry into effect
the policy of expansion. The leading
speaker was Hoar (R.) of Massachu
setts, who delivered a speech In sup-
port of the resolution introduced by
Vest (D.) of Missouri, declaring it to
be in opposition to the constitution for
this country' to acquire foreign terri
tory to be governed permanently as
colonies. Although Hoar occupied the
time, of the Senate for more than two
hours-, he was accorded the unusual
.compliment of close and undivided at
tention by his colleagues on the floor
and a large audience in the galleries.
He confined himself closely to his
manuscript, but his address was de
livered with all the fire, earnestness
and' animation of the orator that he is.
Hoar is a maste- of the subtleties of
the English language and a rhetorician
of notable abilitj-, and his keen sarcasm
land wit were thoroughly enjoyed by
■his audience. His speech v.as in an-
Bwer to that recently delivered by
Piatt (R.) of Connecticut, and had been
' most carefully prepared. He took
strong ground again.st the position as
sumed by the Connecticut Senator,
...maintaining that it was in violation of
.; the constitut: and the Declaration
of Independence, the "great expounder
'".'&[ the constitution," for this country'
"to acquire foreign territory to be held
and. governed as colonies.
..." Piatt at the conclusion of Hoar's ad
7'dress- briefly replied to some points of
vt'rie speech which had been directed es-
peclaily at him. ' He reiterated his for
mer statement that the United States
.had power to acquire and govern for-
V.-eign territory, and declared that had
this- country embraced the doctrine of
Hoar the Mayflower would have been
turned back from Plymouth Rock and
the country would never have expanded
.; to the Pacific Coast.
.Caffery concluded his speech in oppo
sition to the Nicaragua canal bill, but
LEO XIII FAVORS
EXPANSION
NEW YORK, Jan. o.— Th» Herald's Washington correspondent
sends the following: Pope Leo XIII favors occupation and control of
the Philippines by the United States and all the power and influence
of the Vatican will be invoked among the representatives of the
Church In this country to expedite the ratification of the peace
treaty.
This information comes directly from Rome to one of the most
trusted friends of the Catholic church in this country, whom I met in
. the capitol to-day.
When the question of American sovereignty in the Philippines was
first suggested, the European representatives of the Catholic church
did not look with favor upon American control in the islands. That
feeling has been wiped out by the provision' in the peace treaty
which calls for the free exercise of religion in the Philippines as in
Cuba and Porto Rico. The treaty also contains a guarantee that
property in these Islands belonging to the church shall not be taken
from it .by the United States Government. ■' -K- '...-.
Archbishop Ireland spent several days in this city last week in
conference with the President, the Secretary of State and other mem
bers of the administration. While in Washington it Is understood
that Archbishop Ireland performed some valuable missionary work
* -among certain representatives in the interest of the prompt ratifica
tion of the treaty.
SENATOR HOAR OF MASSA
CHUSETTS.
an effort to fix a time for a vote upon
it failed.
The galleries of the Senate were well
filled at the opening of to-day's session,
many persons being attracted by the
announcement that Senator Hoar
would discuss the anti-expansion reso
lution.
Mitchell of Wisconsin reported from
the Military Affairs Committee a bill
providing that all honorably discharged
soldiers and sailors who served In the
War of the Rebellion, with the volun
teer soldiers and sailors of the war of
ISI2, of the Mexican War and of the
war with Spain who may be disabled
in any way. shall be admitted into the
Home for Disabled Volunteer" soldiers.
It was passed.
A bill to authorize the revival of suits
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 10, 1899.
and actions commenced lawfully
against officers of the United States as
such on the termination of the terms of
such officers was passed.
Hoar then called up the Philippine
resolution introduced by Vest and ad
dressed the Senate. Without advert
ing to the proposed policy of the United
States entering upon an expansion of
its territory, except in a general and
indirect manner, Hoar entered upon a
discussion of the constitutional phases
of the question involved in the resolu
tion under consideration, prefacing his
argument with a statement of his per
sonal position on the subject. He said:
I am one of those men who believe
that little that is great or good or per
manent for a free people can be accom
plished without the instrumentality of
party. And I have believed religiously
and from my soul for half a century lh
the great doctrines and principles of the
Republican party. I stood in a humble
capacity by its cradle. I do not mean, if
I can help it, to follow its hearse. I am
sure I render It a service; I am sure I
help to protect and prolong the life of that
great organization if I can say or do any
thing to keep it from forsaking the great
principles and doctrines in which alone it
must live or bear no life.
It is not my purpose, of course, to dis
cuss the general considerations which af
fect any acquisition of sovereignty by the
American people over the Philippine
Islands which has been or may be pro
posed. I am speaking to-day only on the
theory of the constitutional Interpretation
propounded by the Senator from Connec
ticut! (Piatt). If at any time hereafter
the Senator shall seek to put his theories
into practice by reducing to subjection
a distant people, dwelling In the tropics,
alien in blood, most of them Moslems In
faith, incapable to speak or comprehend
our language or to read or write any lan
guage, and to whom the traditions or the
doctrines of civil liberty are unknown, it
will then be time to point out what terri
ble results and penalties this departure
from our constitutional principles will
bring upon us.
Hoar said that our fathers who
framed the constitution had studied
ancient history and had learned that
while there is little else that a democ
racy cannot accomplish, it cannot rule
over vassal states or separate peoples
without bringing the elements of death
into its own constitution. He quoted
Professor Creasy as saying in his "Fif
teen Decisive Battles of the World":
"There has never been a republic yet
In history that acquired dominion over
another nation that did not rule It self
ishly and oppressively. There is no sin
gle exception to this rule either in
ancient or modern times."
Hoar believed, he said, this country
to be a sovereign nation. He believed
Congress possessed all the powers
necessary to accomplish the great ob
jects the framers of the constitution in
tended should be accomplished. But he
denied that It possessed the "establish
ing and extravagant" powers under the
constitution which the Senator from
Connecticut (Piatt) attributed to it.
Hoar affirmed that . every consti
tutional pover is limited to the one su
preme and controlling purpose declared
in the constitution" itself— "in order to
form a more perfect union, establish
Justice, insure domestic tranquillity,
provide for the common defense, pro
mote the general welfare and secure the
blessings of liberty to ourselves and to
our posterity." He continued:
When the Senator from Connecticut un
dertakes to declare that we may do such
things, not for the perfect union, the
common defense, the general welfare of
the people or the securing of liberty to
ourselves and our children, but for any
fancied or real obligation to take care of
distant people beyond our boundary
lines, not people of the United States, then
I deny his proposition, and tell him he
can find nothing either in the text of the
constitution or in the proposition of the
fathers, or In the Judgments of courts
from that day to this to warrant or sup
port his doctrine.
We have heard of limited monarchies,
constitutional monarchies, "despotisms
tempered by assassination," but the logic
of the Senator from « Connecticut mean
unlimited and untempered depotism, with
out any relief from assassins.
Hoar maintained that the proposi
tions advanced bj- Piatt were not sus
tained by a single one of his authori
ties. He held that the "powers of the
United States must be affirmatively
delegated or they do not exhibit," in
other words, the "implied powers" re
ferred to by Piatt the power to govern
territory acquired through war —
not exist. "Ihe power which Mr. Piatt
maintains this Government possesses
is one," said Hoar, "that our fathers
and their descendants have ever loathed
and abhorred, and they believed that
no sovereign on earth could rightfully
exercise it." He said while Piatt had
admitted that governments derived
their just powers from the consent of
"some of the governed," he did not un
derstand that in subjugating and gov
erning the Filipinos Piatt proposed to
get the consent of any of them.
Hoar was inclined to ridicule those
who favored expansion and the ratifica
tion of the treaty of Paris without
amendment. Their arguments, he said,
were, "Three cheers for the flag! Who
will dare haul it down? Hold on to
everything you can get! America has
outgrown Americanism." Continuing
he said:
In general, the friends of what is called
Imperialism or expansion content them
selves with declaring that the flag which
Is taken down everj- night and put up
again every morning over the roof of this
Senate chamber, where it is ln Its rightful
place, must never be taken down from
any place where it has once floated, wheth
er that be the rightful place or not— a doc
trine which ls not only without justifica
tion, but if It were planted there would
make of everj' war between civilized and
powerful nations a war of extermination
or a war of dishonor to one party or the
other. v: , ,
Hoar then entered upon a critical
analysis of Piatt's speech. After sum
marizing the argument he said:
The constitutional argument for slavery
was ten times as strong as the argument
of Mr. Piatt. The slave master said he
owned them for their good. The Senator
from Connecticut proposes to own nations
for their good.
He set forth his own constitutional
doctrine, which he desired to oppose to
that of Piatt. He declared that the
people of this country had not deposited
all sovereignty anywhere and had used
no agent of theirs to exercise, all sov
ereignty, unlimited and uncontrolled,
and further said:
The powers not delegated to the United
States are reserved to the States respec
tively, or to the people. The sovereignty
which can be exercised by the nation as
a unit is only that which is necessary for
accomplishing the purposes of the ad
ministration, and must be expressly
granted therein as necessary or conven
ient in the judgment of Congress to ac
complish the purposes therein expresslj
declared. All other sovereignty is re
served to the States or the people.
The power to conquer alien peoples and
hold them in subjugation is nowhere ex
pressly granted. The power to conquer
alien peoples and hold them in subjuga
tion Is nowhere Implied as necessary for
the accomplishment of the purposes de
clared bj- the constitution.
It is clearly shown to be one that ought
not to be exercised by anybody— one that
the framers of the constitution thought
ought not to be expressed by anybody—
because it is immoral and wicked In It
self, and because it is expressly denied
in the Declaration of Independence, the
great Interpreter and expounder or the
constitution. which owes its origin, to the
same generation and largely to the same
men. . , ;' "■''■'■•
It is affirmed that It Is Immoral and un
fit to be exercised by anybody in nu
merous Instances u\- contemporary State
constitutions and by contemporaneous
writers and authorities on public law,
who express the opinion of the American
people in that generation who adopted
the constitution, as well as the men who
framed it. y-Z^y.^
In discussing how territory may be
acquired constitutionallj- by the United
States Hoar said: "It may also acquire
adjoining or outlying territory, dis
pose of it. make rules and regula
tions for it for the purposes of national
security- and defense, as in the case of
Hawaii, although It may not be ex
pected that the territory so acquired,
held and disposed of shall ever come
Into the Union as a State." However,
Immediately following this statement
Hoar set the Philippines against Ha
waii in this declaration:
Mr. President, you are not now propos
ing to acquire or own property in the
Philippines with dominion as a necessary
incident; you are not to own a foot of
land there. Tou propose to acquire do
minion and legislative power and nothing
else Where in the constitution is the
grant of power to exercise sovereignty
where we have no property.
In support of his interpretation of the
constitution Hoar cited various author
ities, among them Charles Sumner and
Justice Matthews. He appealed to Sen
ators who are hesitating as to what
their action upon the question of ex
pansion may be— "the greatest question
that has ever been or ever will be put
to them in their lives, the question not
of a year or of a centurj-, not of a
generation, hut a question pertaining
rather to the great period of national
life" — not to commit themselves in
principle to such a policy by support
ing the peace treat and then to say
they will consider hereafter how they
will act under it. In the course of his
appeal to Senators Hoar said:
When you raise the flag over the Phil
ippines as an emblem of domain and ac
quisition, you take it down from Inde
pendence Hall.
He extolled the statement of Louis
Napoleon, made in 1854. that "the time
of conquest is past, never to return, for
it is not by extending the boundaries of
its territory that a nation can hence
forward be honored and powerful, but
by placing itself at the head of gener
ous ideas and spreading everywhere
the empire of right and justice," and
added: '77
Napoleon forgot what he had said when
he grew a little stronger. He saw his op
portunity in Mexico as our friends think
they see ours in the Philippines. Hut the
sure and terrible feet of destiny overtook
him in the midst of his pride and power.
Our Commissioners come back from
Paris, bringing with them the castofl*
clothing of this pinchbeck Napoleon and
ask us, who have seen his fate, to discard
for them the spotless robes in which our
fathers arrayed the beautiful genius of
America. _ . .. _
A year ago last December the President
of the United States sent a message to
Congress. In that message he said: "I
speaK not of forcible annexation, because
that is not to be thought of, and, under
the code of morality, that would be crim
inal aggression." "The time of conquest
Is past," said Louis Napoleon. Ah, Mr.
President, President McKinley but re
peated Louis Napoleon, though In louder
and clearer voice.
President McKinley when he spoke was
not thinking even of honor or of power,
inspiring or alluring as are honor and
power. He placed himself and placed the
American people on the stern, enduring
and perpetual rock of righteousness, that
forcible annexation is not to be thought
of under our code of morality; that it
would be criminal aggression.
Who shall haul him down? Who shall
haul down the code? Who shall haul
down the President?
Hoar dwelt with emphasis upon the
large increase in national expenditure
which the policy of expansion advo
cated by Piatt would entail, placing
the amount at $150,000,000 annually.
Hoar spoke two hours and ten min
utes, concluding at 2:30 p. m. Only
once was he interrupted . and then by
Piatt of Connecticut, at whom the
speech was directed. When Hoar said
that within the past few months Piatt
had changed his position, as during the
Cuban discussion he had supported the
proposition that the Cubans are and of
right ought to be free and independent,
Piatt, interrupting, said: "I think the
Senator has misstated my position. I
did not vote for that proposition."
In reply Hoar inquired if Piatt, while
he may not have voted for the propo
sition, did not actually think the people
I of Cuba were entitled to be free and
Independent.
Piatt— The Senator is tempting me
into a speech which he would not tol
erate if I should deliver it here.
When Hoar had concluded Piatt ad
dressed the Senate.
Piatt maintained that Hoar had ad
mitted his contention that this coun
try had the right to acquire and gov
ern distant territory, but that he had
unfairly presented what he (Piatt) had
said about the acquisition and govern
ment of such territory. He read from
his speech a paragraph showing that
he had held It to be the duty of this
country to provide for acquired terri
tory a most liberal and enlightened sys
tem of government — a government In
accord with the spirit of the Declara
tion of Independence and of the consti
tution. Piatt said with emphasis:
Yet he holds me up here as opposed to
applying to the people of this acquired
territory the principles of legislation in
accordance with the spirit of the Declara
tion of Independence and of the constitu
tion. The United States never has legis
lated In opposition to the Declaration of
Independence and the constitution, and
it never will. I want to say
that an application of the doctrines
of the Senator from Massachusetts would
have prevented our expansion westward
across this continent to the Pacific Coast.
We found here this continent in the hands
of the Indians, who did not want us here,
nor did they want to be placed under our
government. Notwithstanding that con
dition we established our government
here and now at last we have brought
many Indians to a state of civilization and
citizenship. "You violated j*our Declara
tion of Independence," saj'B tat Indian,
"when you legislated for me," but who,
Mr. President, would turn back the hands
of time to meet the requirements of the
doctrine of the Senator from Massa
chusetts?
It is the spirit of the Declaration of In
dependence that gives it life. It Is per
fectly well assured that no attempt will
ever be made to legislate for the people
of this countrj' or our acquired territory
in contravention of the Declaration of In
dependence. I am one of those who be
lieve that we shall not ring the doom of
this countrj' when we shall place over the
inhabitants of our acquired territory leg
islation which will confer upon them the
blessings of peace, happiness and pros
perity.
Caffery of Louisiana Inquired of Piatt
whether he would force upon these peo
ple our system of government against
their will. Piatt replied:
That Question is a part of the argu
ment of the Senator from Louisiana and
the Senator from Massachusetts In sup
port of the pending resolution. They
hold that we cannot go into an enemy's
country, even in time of war, without the
consent of the Inhabitants of the coun
trj'. The argument contains within it
self Its own argument.
After alluding to the late war and the
responsibilities entailed by it upon this
country and explaining briefly his own
position with respect to the war, Piatt
said:
We propose to proclaim liberty and jus
tice and human rights in the Philippines
or wherever else the flag of the country
shall be planted. Who will haul this princi
ple down? No, Mr. President, this entire
argument of the Senator from Massachu
setts is a speech conjured up by him in
support of his position. I cannot be ac
cused of not loving Justice and purity
and unselfishness as devoutly as the Sen
ator from Massachusettes loves them. I
shall meet the responsibilities that are to
rise in connection with this question In
the spirit of the declaration of independ
ence and of the constitution and could
never be persuaded to do otherwise.
Hoar briefly- replied to the statement
of Piatt, reiterating and elucidating
some of the points of his own speech
which he conceived Piatt had mis
understood.
The Nicaragua canal bill was then
taken up and Caffery continued his
speech in opposition to it. Caffery, in
reply to Chilton, said that he did not
want an isthmian canal constructed
jointly bj' the United States and Great
Britain, but he believed the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty to be in as complete
force now as when it was first nego
tiated.
Bacon. Money and Chilton engaged
in a general discussion of the binding
power of treaties in general. Chilton
called attention to the fact that Great
Britain has distinctly declined to abro
gate the Clayton-Bulwer treaty.
Under the amendment offered by Caf
fery the abrogation of the treaty was
necessarj', and if Great Britain should
persist in her refusal he would like to
know how the canal was to be con
structed.
Cafferj' waived answer to this Inquiry
and continued his discussion of the
terms of the treatj- Itself.
At the conclusion of Cafferj-'s speech,
Morgan of Alabama, In \ charge of the
bill, made an effort to fix the time for
beginning to vote upon the measure
and the pending amendments. He sug
gested that the time be 3 p. m. on the
Hth inst., but Caffery objected.
Morgan then gave notice that to-mor
row, if no arrangement could be made
for a vote, he would ask the friends of
the measure to stand with him until
it was passed.
Teller of Colorado suggested that he
would like to know how the monej- for
the construction of the canal was to be
raised, and Morgan said he would an
swer the Question before a vote upon
the measure was taken.
The Senate then, at 4:45 p. m., went
into executive session and at 4:55 p. m.
adjourned. ,
SOME LIBERTY
FOR THE FILIPINOS
LONDON, Jan. 10.— Vienna cor
respondent of the Times says: "The
American Government intends to intro
duce a regime in the Philippines similar
to that of England in Egypt. The
Filipinos will be endowed with as much
liberty as Is good for them, and if thej'
do not behave themselves voluntarily
thej' will be made to do so."
FAREWELL BANQUET
TO LORD BERESFORD
English Rear Admiral Given a Part
ing Reception on Leaving
Shanghai.
SHANGHAI. Jan. 9.— The municipal
Council, the Chamber of Commerce and
the American and China Association gave
a farewell banquet last evening to Rear
Admiral Lord Charles Beresford, who
has been for some time in China on a
special mission from the British Asso
ciated Chambers* of Commerce to inquire
as to the opportunities for further de
velopment of British trade in this country
and as to the security for investments and
undertakings already here.
j Lord Beresford, in responding to a toast
to his health, said the cosmopolitan char
acter of his hosts proved that his policy
in China was unanimously approved by
the representatives of the great nations
having the largest trade interests in
China.
Lord Beresford sailed from Shanghai to
day for Japan.
Supervisors' Act Questioned.
WOODLAND, Jan. 9.— At the last meet
ing of the Board of Supervisors the Hor
ticultural Commissioners were removed
and the positions abolished. The opinion
of many attorneys Is that the Supervisors
have no authority to abolish the offlce and
tnere may be some litigation over the
matter.
Alleged Illegal Marriage.
"WOODLAND, Jan. 9.— Recently a man
named Johnson married a young lady
named Rich, at Rumsey, in this county.
Rev. Mr. Swafford of Arbuckle, Colusa
County, officiating. It now transpires
that the marriage license was Issued in
Colusa County and the claim Is made that
that marriage is illegal.
SURPRISED AT THE
CHANGED SENTIMENT
Perkins Gets a Roast From an
Eastern Paper for Heeding
Instructions From Cali
fornia's Legislature.
Senator Perkins expressed surprise that members of the Legisla
ture should change ln sentiment, when a few years since California
voted overwhelmingly to restrict Chinese immigration.
"The action of the Legislature is surprising also," said he. "ln
view of the fact that annexation of the Philippines will ruin Califor
nia's beet sugar industry."
At the same time Senator Perkins says he will obey the instruc
tions of the Legislature.
The Springfield Republican, arriving here to-day, was extensively
circulated In the United States Senate. It scores Senator Perkins for
asking instructions of the Legislature respecting his attitude toward
the peace treaty, and says:
"After expressing the conviction that the acquisition of the Philip
pines would prove disastrous to the republic, he smothers his con
victions, will violate his oath of office and vote for what he conceives
to be injurious to the country. His course is self-stultifying to the
last degree. Mr. Perkins does not go to the people of California for
instructions, but to a lot of alleged representatives who had no more
business to instruct him on behalf of the people than he had to in
struct himself. When Mr. Perkins, obeying instructions of inter
lopers, rises to vote for the treaty he should be promptly challenged.
The California Legislature is not a member of the United States Sen
ate. It has no vote there." •*•
CONFLICT HOW
UNAVOIDABLE
Miller Ordered to Land
Troops at Once.
PROTECTED BY NAVAL GUNS
SMALL BOATS WILL CONVEY
THE SOLDIEBS ASHOBE.
Delay Has Aggravated the Situation
at Iloilo and Given the Insur
gents a Chance to Get
Reinforcements.
i
Special Disratch to T_,_ CalL
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Jan. 9.
The feeling is general In War De
partment circles that a conflict with
the Filipinos Is unavoidable, but it is
not believed that a bloody battle will
follow.
Instructions wired to General
Miller, through Otis' at Manila,
are for him to land troops imme
diately, but not fire a shot unless
compelled to.
Miller is Instructed to land his sol
diers by means of lighters or small
boats, under the protection of naval
guns. If the insurgents do not open
fire he is to adopt a most pacific and
conciliatory policy and relieve them of
all apprehension that they may be
harmed.
If they repel the landing General
Miller is instructed to "take such
measures as he sees -it to protect
his troops and quarter them at
Iloilo."
Instructions were also cabled Admiral !
Dewey to order naval vessels at Iloilo
to operate with General Miller and \
cover the landing. No shots are to be j
fired by the naval vessels unless the
fire from the Filipinos seems likely to
be so damaging as to prevent the land- j
ing of our troops.
After leaving the White House this
afternoon Secretary Alger said no im- .
portant news had been received and
that the President hoped the landing !
would be effected without resistance.
General Otis has all along had in- j
structions to land men at Iloilo, but at
the same time he was to do nothing j
that would precipitate trouble.
It is realized that the delay has been i
disastrous. Had the American troops j
been landed immediately on their ar- .
rival at Hollo and found it in posses- ;
sion of the insurgents a fight would j
probably have resulted, but an engage- ,
ment must have been soon terminated
in favor of our soldiers. While the •
troops were cooped up on their trans- j
ports, however, the natives were gath- j
ering reinforcements and making ex
tensive preparations for determined re
sistance. These preparations have re
sulted in making their position in the
city so strong that it is feared that re
inforcements will have to be sent to
General Miller before he will have suffi
cient strength to land.
The first overt act of the natives ;
communicated to the department last ;
night, which resulted ln mortal injury
of one soldier and the wounding of an
other, convinces the officials that the j
hatred of the insurgents for Americans ;
will not die out as long as resistance Is
possible. Nothing is known at the de- ;
partment of what has taken place at !
Iloilo since Friday, the day Colonel j
Potter, General Otis' bearer of dis- j
patches, left there. Colonel Potter car
ried Instructions back to General Miller
with him. but in view of the serious
ness of the situation, nothing will be :
said of the nature of the contents at the
War Department.
The Secretary of War has been offi- j
cially advised of the action of the in- j
surgents in soaking the houses in the
business part of the city with kerosene i
oil and of their determination to apply
the torch as soon as the Americans !
attempt to land. All of the foreign res- j
idents, including the acting American j
Consul and his family, have gone :
aboard the warships in the harbor, and
the banks and private Individuals have
sent money and treasure aboard.
Secretary Alger spent over an hour i
with the President to-day and was ,
joined during the conference by Assist
ant Secretary Meiklejohn. The fact !
that no news had been received from
the Philippines seems to be worrying
them. _____________
Suspected of Insanity. j
"WOODLAND, Jan. 9.— G. Stone, a j
war veteran, is under restraint on a sus
jgiclon that be is Insane. About sis_years j
Call Office, Riggs House,
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9.
ago he waa an inmate of an asylum for
the Insane, but was discharged under the
supposition that he had fully recovered.
He was taken in charge Sunday night on
complaint of his wife.
DENIES CONFESSION AND
REPROTESTS INNOCENCE
Reply of Dreyfus to Questions Com-
munlcated to the Court of
Cassation.
J PARIS, Jan. 9.— A telegram from Cay-
I enne, capital of French Guiana, has been
communicated to the Court of Cassation,
embodying the reply of Dreyfus to ques
tions put to him by the Public Prosecu
tor there. Dreyfus energetically denies
that he ever confessed that he was guilty
to Captain Lebrun-Renault. in whose
charge he was placed at the Ecole Mill
taire at the time of his condemnation and
degradation, and he reprofests his inno
cence.
BTJSIE SITED FOB DIVOBCE.
Extreme Cruelty the Ground for HJa
Wife's Complaint.
INDIANAPOLIS, Jan. 9.— Mrs. Amos
Rusie to-day filed a suit in the Superior
Court against the famous baseball player
for divorce and $5000 alimony. They were
married in IS9O, and Mrs. Rusie alleges
extreme cruelty on her husband's nart al
most from the date of her marriage
Drunkenness also is alleged. She says Ru
fi?™ 0 r n £ * S ? SO w , onh of real estate, has
$1400 in bank and draws $3000 a year
I ADVEBTISEHENTS.
B— B— B— B — B —B— B — B— B— B— fl
; HOW MEN i
T May Become Strong?
T — ■
i a A Great Medical Institution ■
■ That Makes Wonderful Cares ■
a and Gives Consultation and ■
■ Advice FfiEE OF CHARGE. £
I Life la not nearly so bad as It some- ■
1 times appears to be. People them- T
m eelves are mostly at fault. A little mm
T common sense and some careful thick- I
I Ing are mighty factors in human hap- T
■ piness. _
j If you are not physically perfect, free ,
_ from Nervous Debility or a contracted !
■ ailment, do not give up ln despair. You fl
I can be made over, ao to speak, and I
JJJ given a lease of life that will be both _■
I new and enjoyable. Many men would ■
' be better dead than alive, ln their pres- ]
■ ent condition. m
| If you are afflicted with one or more t
m of the troubles that ruin the Uvea of •_
™ thousands annually consult the ape- I
I clallsts who have made so many won- I
H derful cures during the past eighteen ■
| years— METERS & CO. ■
m. Partial or complete losa of vitality, '
■* unnatural losses, drains, etc.. are I
I quickly cured by these able and sue- I
I cessful physicians. _
i Also contracted ailments. Including ■■
_ contagious, malignant Blood Poison, at I
■ any stage. fj
m NO PA V TILL C 1
T BETTER THAN A GUARANTEE. ■
m PUT THE MONEY IN - BANK. -Pa- I
■P tlents who have the least doubt about ■
I being cured may deposit the price of a j
| cure in any bank or with any well- m
i known business house or newspaper in ~ ■
_ San Francisco, such deposit NOT to be i
"*■ paid to Dr. Meyers & Co. until the pa- fl
i tlent is convinced that he ls perma- i
■ nentiy cured. _,
. If patients prefer they may take the ■
_L treatment on the installment plan, or I
■ they may pay the entire price for a cure ■
| direct to the doctors and thus obtain a i
am liberal discount. * I
*r Prices reasonable In all cases, whether fl
1 rich or poor. |
Q Ail cures as lasting as life. m
i DR. MEYERS & CO., J
i 731 Market Street, S. F. I
X _ . _.. Hour- , Bto 5 dally, i
■ Take Elevator. Tven in Jis, 7to 8. ■
i Sundays, 9 to 11. j
m-mr-m- ■ - ■ -■- ■ - ■-■-■-■
*f^fflg|& RUPTURE.
XSrli'^' -fflßf USE - vo more IRON
2n9*n_-s_pS[9^ Hoops or Steel Springs.
m'^mmmy* Rupture retained with ease
_U^7___r>*.* "**"""*** contort, and thousands radi-
■ /Jg\y^. caUj * CURED by DR. PIERCES
IA/VW Magnetic Elastic Truss. (ry Call al.
~fc^P^ offlce or write for New Pamphlet No. 1.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO..
(20 Market st.,opp. Palace Hotel. San Franciaoo.
HOITT'S SCHOOL
Has removed from Burlingame to lta new
home at Menlo Park, San Mateo County: ac-
credited, and prepares boys equally well for
business: next term begins January ISth. ISM,
ira. G. HQITT, Pa.* C,» frinclp-L
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF THB MARKETS.
•/» y :
Silver unchanged.
Mexican dollars a shade firmer.
Wheat and Barley futures weaker.
Oats firm, but dull.
Corn and rye quiet.
Beans and Seeds dull.
Coffee not very brisk.
Potatoes And Onions advancing.
Vegetables about the same.
Butter lower. Cheese, easy. .
Eggs In light supply.
Three cars of Eastern Poultry In.
Game *ln. slender receipt.
Fresh Fruit in good supply.
Dried Fruit still neglected.
Provisions unchanged.
Hogs firm again.' "•«-; .- *
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian-Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 9, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours: i
Last This / Last
'Stations— 2! Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.42 13.74 16.11
Red Bluff 0.46 6.69 6.27
Sacramento 0.10 5.51 5.01
Sun Francisco 0.22 5.90 .4.42
Fresno 0.00 2.50 2.11
San Luis Obispo 0.00 3.90 1.94
Los Angeles 0.00 0.80 8.08
San Diego 0.02 1.77 1.56
Yuma 0.00 1.33 0.85
. San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
12; minimum, 44; mean, 46.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A severe storm is central off the Washington
coast and moving rapidly southeastward. The
pressure has fallen about seven-tenths of an
•inch along the Washington coast in the past
twenty-four hour* nnd nearly half an inch in
the last twelve hours.
"Rain ls failing _.-...-, the coast as far as San
Francisco and snow is falling in Eastern Wash
ington and Eastern Oregon.
 High southeast winds are reported from San
'.Francisco northward.
Storm southeast signals are displayed along
the Call fori coast from San Francisco north
ward for high winds and thick weather along
the coast for the mxi thirty-six hours.
• Conditions are favorable for rain Tuesday
and Tuesday night throughout the entire State.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, January 10, 1899:
Northern California— Rain Tuesday; high
southerly wind. '• ;.*
Southern California— Tuesday; brisk to
high southerly wind.
Nevada— Snow Tuesday.
'";..:: Snow Tuesday. 'v:/
Arizona— Partly cloudy Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Rain Tuesday;
high southerly wind.
Special from Mount Tamaipais— Rain; wind
■Southeast, 30 miles; temperature, 42; maximum,
a. G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Jan. 9.— A persistent and gen
eral demand prevailed throughout the list, and
on an enormous volume of trading there were
many final advances of 1 to 3 points, while
standard stock* were up fractionally. Influ
enced -in part by Saturday's favorable bank
Statement there were more buying than selling
orders accumulated by commission houses over
Sunday. London, while moving largely with
Quotations here, was a seller on balance, but It
developed later that on the curb a -very large
demand sprang up for Americans after business
hours. It- was said that Americans were buoy
ant, with At( bisons the feature. According
to the transfer books of St. Paul foreign hold
ings of the. stock were limited to about 45.000
shares, cr only one-fifth of the amount in for
eign names a few years ago; therefore the
floating supply of the stock abroad appears to
be very small. Atchison preferred and Sugar
were the leaders in the strength displayed in
to-day's market. The heavy purchases of
.Atchison preferred, which resulted in an ex
treme guln of 4 points, were said to be largely
for very powerful interests and their allies.
The stock made a higher record of 56%. ex
divldend. There were a number of vague ru
mors connected with Sugar, but nothing defi
nite. The stock, however, made an extreme
gain of 4% points. Glucose Sugar Refinery was
(sympathetically strong, an advance in Penn
sylvania and some other stocks which move
conservatively easing the confidence of the
bulls. Good earnings were responsible for a
rise in Northern Pacific common. Among
usually Inactive shares there were considerable
gains In Great Northern preferred. Rubber and
New York Air Brake. ;
The dealings In stocks, which exceeded $1,000,- I
000 by over $100,1 were the largest In the I
present movement and of recent years. Tran
sactions in bonds, which had showed a con
traction In dealings of late, also reached large ■
proportions, aggregating $8,480,000. *
Considerable buoyancy developed in the bond :
speculation, enormous blocks of the Atchison
and .St. Louis Southwestern issues heli.g taken :
at material advances. Some of the low-priced :
, - Issues made striking gains, Peoria and Eastern
' Incomer figuring for 5%.
United States new 4's coupon and the old 4's
. * declined K. the old 4's coupon anil s's coupon
t decline.; % in the bid price. The 2's registered :
• advanced ' ,**"'■;
' : Total sales of stocks to-day were 1,102,600
shares, Including 124,300 Atchison; 180,100 do j
•• preferred; 24,367 Central Paclflc; 23.900 Chesa- j
peake and -Ohio; 8950 Burlington: 15,600 Louls
" ■•.vllle and Nashville: 19,300 Manhattan; 9770
„' 'Missouri Pacific; 5600 Missouri. Kansas and
Texas preferred: 28.000 Northern Pacific, 10,600
„ . do preferred; 8000 Rock Island: 14.000 Union
."Pacific: 17.000 St. Paul: 7800 Southern Pacific;
•. 35.300 Southern: 27,700 do preferred; 5100 Texas
.'.."and Pacific: 10.200 Union Pacific preferred:
• • 10.400 Wheeling and Lake Erie; 3300 American
. • , Spirits: 9200 Tobacco; 36,200 steel; 7200 do pre
ferred; 10,948 People's Gas; 5241 Colorado Fuel
arid I ren: "100 General Electric: 11.600 Laclede
„• 'Gas; si»i"o Lead; 8900 Pacific Mall; 88,200 Sugar
-6700 Leather erred; 14.432 Rubber: 6800 West
• crn Union: 14,000 St. Louis and Southwestern;
. £9,300 do preferred. ■ •.*.-- 
. ' • CLOSING STOCKS.
<■ -Atchison 21% St L ft S W S% I
; Do prefd 50% Do prefd 21* i ;
. Baltimore ft Ohio. 6S St Paul j_.j2
„.„-Canada Pacific. .... 85% Do prefd 167
,'". Canada Southern.. 55 St P ,v Om '.'. <i 3%
Cent Pac 44 Do prefd 167
Ches ft Ohio 26% St P M ft M ISO
•Chi ft Alton 149 Bo Pacific 34
...Chi v. ft Q 125% So Railway 777" 11%
. Ghl ft B 111........ Cl% Do prefd . 4414 ■
*" prefd 113% Texas ft Pacific... is 2
Chi G W 16 Union Pacifio .... 43%
■• .Chi Ind ft L.... 8% Do prefd 73*, !
Ho prefd 32 U P D ft G, 2d i
"Chi ft- N W 141% assmt paid 13* j
'" Do prefd 185% Wabash 77J !
*.CCC ft St L... 45% Do prefd 23%
', Do prefd 96% Wheel ft L c.... 7%
Del ft Hudson 110 ! Do prefd 29%
S ! _ .■*. w 157% Express Companies-
Del ft Rio G 19% Adams Ex ' 108
Do prefd 70% American Ex .'.'.'.'.. 143
Erie new 14% United States .... 57U
• Do Ist prefd 37% Wells Fargo i"7*"
"Ft Wayne 17* Miscellaneous—
Gt Nor prefd 146 A Cot on .. 34 ,
Hocking Vol :'■. Do prefd BS%
* Illinois Cent 114% Aran Spirits-.... 14%
• Lake Erie ft W.... 20% Do prefd .... 88%
.- Do prefd 72% Am Tobacco ... 147%
 ., Lake Shore 196% Do prefd ....;. ..136%
•Louis & Nash £">% Cons Gas 133 i
. .Manhattan L .... IC2V4 Com Cable C 0... 175 '■
Met St Ry 190% Col F ft 1r0n...... 35%
Mich Cent 11l Do prefd 97
Minn ft St L 27 Gen Electric ... '09%
Do Ist prefd 96' i Haw Com! Co . r>7%
Mo. Pacific 45% intnl Paper .. . 63%
Mobile ft 0hi0.... 38 Do prefd ... " 14
Mo Kft T II Laclede Gas ... ;55
Do prefd 38% Lend *«
N J Central 97% Do prefd ... " 113*; i
N V Central 128% Nat Lin Oil $14
N V Chi ft St-L.. 14 Pacific Mail .... 44-*
Do Ist prefd 73 People's Gas ... 112%
Do 2d prefd 35% Pullman Pal .... 103
Nor West 17 .Silver Cert 59%
No Amer Co 7% Standard P. & T.. ■v.
No Pacific 14% Sugar 129%
IDO prefd 76% Do 7-e'd7777'112
Ontario & W 20% T c ft Iron 86%
Or ft ft Nay 4S US Leather .. 7%
Or Short Line..".. WA Do prefd ... 72%
Pac Coast Ist pfd. 85 v s Rubber 47%
DO 2d prefd 65% Do prefd 118%
Pittsburg. 180 West Union 95%
Reading 21% Brooklyn R T. 88%
Do Ist prefd 52% Federal Steel .. 51%
"R 0 W 31 Do prefd 83%
Do prefd 68 Or Nay prefd .... 71 "
Rook I Island 114% Par Coast 45
.. Bt Lft S F *.. ii Colo Southern .... 8%
Do prefd 67 Do Ist prefd 57
•'Do 2d prefd .... 31% Do 2d prefd 23%
CLOSING PONDS.
V S- 3? 107% N v Central lata..
US new 4s reg.... 129% 'N J C 6s 113
Do coup .*...:.. 129% (N0rth Carolina 65.. 125
*. .US 4s .....112',.! Do 4s 103
•• Do coup 113-i'No Pac lsts IH*.,.
Do 2ds 99% j- Do 3s 69'
, . 0 8 Ss reg 113% 1 ... 4s 101%
• Do fa coup 113% N V C & S L 45.. 106%
•District 3.65s lis Nor & W 65........i25
"..Ala class A....* — 107 I Northwest consols.
' Do B 107 | Do deb 5s 118
." " Do C 100 O Nay lsts 113
Do Currency ...100 O ...iv 4s 101
.' .Atchison. 4s ;.. .10014 S Line 65'tr....130
'. . Do adj 4s SOU O S Line 5s tr..109
*■• ,ran Bo 2ds 110 Reading 4s ........ 85%
. *. C & it 4%s 91Vi R G W 15t5........ 92.
„• .Chi Term 4s 9»% St L & 1 M COO os.lOSVs***
• C-& Ohio us 117»i St L & F Gen 6s.l22>*'
. C II & D 4%s 104% St P Con 100%
.'••D& B a lats 10S St PC & P 15t5. ...119
:D&R C4s 101 Vi Do 5s 119%
.',. East Term 1ata. ...107 So Ry 5s *..... ..105%
. .--. Erie Gen 4s ...... 72% Standard R & T 6s 83%
- *.F'.W & D lsts tr.. **>:>%. Tenn new set 35.. 95
* -Gen Elec 5s ......109 Tex Pac L G ISts.IOSU
G- H &SA «s 107 I Do Reg 2d tfU
'■:'.: J)o Ida 103 I Union Pac 4s .103%
•' H & t c 55........110 |U p D & a ists.. 92
Do con 6s 110 -Wabash Ist 5s 113%
' .. lowa C lsts 107%! Do 2ds 95%
•> .La new consols 45. 107 W Shore 4s 110%
* " LAN dnl Is 96% Va Centuries ...... 82 "
Missouri Cs 100 j Do deferred .... 8
M X & T Ida 69%|Wis Cent lsts .... 63
Do 4s ./ 93% Colo < Southern 45.. fc?%
MINING STOCKS.
Choliar 10|Ontarlo 5 00
Crown Point 12 Ophir 50
Con C"' & Va-... 1 20 1 Plymouth ..10
Deadwood 45 Quicksilver 125
Gould & Curry 22 Do prefd 450
Hale & Norcross. 5 Sierra Nevada .... SO
Homestake 50 00 Standard 8 00
Iron Sliver 70 Union Con 27
Mexican 30! Yellow Jacket .... 18
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Ed Elec Tel 195
Call loans 2@3 Gen Elec prefd — 165
Time loans 3 i/ 4 Atchison prefd .... 56
Stocks— : Bonds —
A T & St Fe...... 82-54 Atchison 4s 99*.. '
Amer Sugar 129%: Mining Shares-
Do prefd 112% Allouez Mm C 0.... 7
Bay State Gas _£ Atlantic 34
Bell Tel 275 I Boston & Mont 275
Boston & Albany. .2so Butte & Boston .. 87%
Boston & Maine.. l7o Calumet & Hec1a..635
Boston L, 53% Centennial 40%
Chi Bur & Q 124% Franklin 22%
Fltchburg 11'": Old Dominion .... 38
(Jen Electric .. 99% Osceola ...; 83%
Mexican Central .. 5% j Quincy 147
N V & N Eng.... 99 Tamarack ....199 .
Old Colony 195% Wolverine 37
Rubber 47-Vi Parrott 37
Union Pac 43% Humboldt 2%
West End 91 A* Winona 14%
Westlngh Elec 40% I Union Land 12%
Do prefd 113 Adventure 9%
Wis Cent 2%i
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Jan. —The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London llnancial cablegram says:
On the markets here to-day business was lim
ited and the tone ragged, owing to weakness
ln Paris. The sole feature was Americans,
Which opened under parity and # were dull until
large buying of Atchison lifted the list. New
York came In as a heavy buyer of Atchison
in moderate amount, causing a booming close.
In the street the market was very excited. It
Is supposed that the movement was a bear
squeeze. Ten thousand pounds sterling gold
was taken for some place now unknown. The
Cape arrival of £200,000 was taken at 77s 10% d
for a destination not disclosed, but it is under
stood that the Lazards took it for the United
States.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Jan. 9.— Canadian Pacific, 77%;
Grand Trunk, 7%; bar sliver. 27 5-16 d; money,
1% per cent; Spanish 4's closed at 45 5-9.
PARIS, Jan. 9.— Spanish 4'a closed at 46.42%.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEVA- YORK. Jan. 9.— FLOUR— Receipts, 42,
--520 barrels; exports, 46,532 barrels. Quiet apart
from a fair inquiry for winter straights; closed
firm. Minnesota patents, $3 85® 4 15; do bakers,
S3@3 30; winter patents, $3 75®4; winter
straights, S3 6098 65.
WHEAT— Receipts, 277,600 bushels; exports, i
268,000. Spot Arm. No. 2, 80% cf. o. b. afloat
to arrive. Options advanced to-day in the face
of light public interest, the controlling factors
being firmness abroad and renewed export de
mand, largely Continental. Shorts bought ac
tively, offerings were light and the interior
movement small. Prices closea %®%c net ad- I
vance. March closed 7S%c; May, 74%®75 7-16; !
75% c,
HOPS Steady.
WOOL— Firm.
It was a lively day ln the local metal mar- |
ket. From start to finish many rumors were |
in circulation with buyers at times, almost de- |
moralized by the remarkably strong showing
of the market generally, despite the recent
heavy advances scored. While tin led in the
advance to-day, the rest of the list showed a t -
greater degree of sympathetic firmness than has
been noted since the upward movement was
inaugurated. The further improvement was at- I
tributed, as heretofore, to bullish shorts from i
primary points. At the close:
PIG IRON— Warrants, firm; $8 nominal. .
LAKE COPPER— Strong; ,'l3 40 bid, $13 65 ;
asked.
Strong and higher-; $21 bid and $21 50
asked.
LEAD— Firmer; $4 bid and $4 05 asked.
SPELTER— Firm, $5 26 bid, $6 35 asked.
Brokers quote lead $3 SO and copper $13%@13%.
COFFEE— Options closed quiet at net un
changed prices. Sales, 3700 bales, including
February, $5 50; March, $5 «'.; September, $6.
SPOT COFFEE— Quiet.* No. 7 invoice. 6%c; I
No. 7 Jobbing, 7%c. Mild, steady. Cordova, j
7%®15c.
SUGAR— Raw. quiet; about steady. Fair re- I
fining, 3 13-16; centrifugal, 96 test, 4 5-16; mo- ;
lasses sugar, 3 9-16 c. Refined, about steady.
BUTTER— 7369 packages. .Western i
creamery, lS<g2lc; Elgins, 21c. ?■->.-
EGGS— Receipts, 3038 packages. Western, 22c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Jan. California dried fruits:
APPLES— others quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7%®Sc;
prime wire tray, 4 c; choice, 9®9%c; fancy,
10c.
PRUNES— 3%@IO%c.
PEACHES— 9®11%c; peeled, 21026 c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, ll@14c; Moorpack, 13@17c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Jan. Wheat opened astonish- ;
ingly strong, considering the weakness of its \
closing at the regular session Saturday. , A
sharp turn on the curb Saturday afternoon, j
however, demonstrated how susceptible the
price was to a little buying and how small '
was the confidence of short sellers in the wis- i
dom of their position. May started %c higher, I
at 70%®70%c, and in the efforts of the shorts j
to reinstate themselves In the market May was
advanced still further, reaching 71®71%c. Up
to this time the news had nothing in it to sug- '
gest a reason for such bullishness and It was
not until the returns of the clearances of wheat ;
and floor for the day from Atlantic ports was
published that bulls got anything from the I
day's statistics to Justify them In their at- '
titude toward the market. The visible supply
that was thought likely to show a decrease of 1
750,000 bushels was found to have Increased ;
465,000 bushels, against 47,000 bushels Increase
the previous year. That acted as a curb to the' |
bullish enthusiasm that was prevailing, and'
May reacted to 70% c. The demand for exports ■'
at seaboard was reported fairly good. Out-/
side orders became frequent and a good buying '
for the long account sent the price of May
again to 71% c. The majority of traders held
call privileges around those figures, and In the I
endeavor to secure those profits, May sagged i
off to 70% cat the close.
In corn for a time the bidding was so spir
ited by the old-time bulls that May, which
opened %@%c higher, at 37%®37%c, was forced i
up to 37%®37%c. When the buying had sub- j
sided somewhat. May gradually declined to j
37c and closed at 27' 3 c, a gain of %c. .
Oats followed corn, showing strength early, !
but weakening later. There was a good de- j
mand from outsiders during the fore part of \
the session, but this dropped oft when the mar
ket" declined. May closed %@%c higher.
The favorable character of the new proposed
German meat inspection bill strengthened pro
visions early. Commission houses appeared
to be well supplied with buying orders, but
packers sold freely. After the ' commission j
houses had procured all they wanted there ;
were still long lines for sale and the advance
was all lost. The close for the May option in (
pork, lard and. ribs was at substantially un- |
changed prices.
The leading futures' ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 70% . 71% 70% 70%
July 68% 69 68% 65%
Corn No. 2—
January ..... , 33%* 35% 35 35%
May 37% 37% 37 37%
July 37% 3S 37% 37%
Oats No. 2—
May 27% 27% 27% 27%
July 26 26% 26 26
Mess Pork, per barrel
January 9 72% 9 72% 9 67% 9 67%
May 10 00 -10 12% 995 9 97%
i Lard, per 100 pounds
i January .... ....
: May 5 70 6 75 5 65 5 67%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds
[January ■ .... 4 70
; May 5 02% 6 07% 4 97% 500
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, firm;
No. 2 spring wheat, 67%©68 c; No. 3 spring
| wheat, 64%'065c; No. 2 red. 71c; No. 2 corn,
Zb^'-c; No. - oats, 27c; No. 2 white, 29%5J30%c;
: No. 3 white, 28%<3*29%c; No. 2 rye, 54% c; No. 2
; barley, 42@52c;*No. 1 flaxseed, $111; prime
: timothy seed. $2 35; mess pork, per bbl, $9 70@
1 6 75; lard, per 100 lbs, $5 4706 60; short ribs
sides (loose), $4 70@4 95; dry salted shoulders
(boxed). $4 y.'ti'. 37%; short clear sides (boxed),
$4 95(65 05; whisky, distillers' finished goods,
per, gal, $1 27; sugars, cut loaf, unchanged.
.; Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
! Flour, bbls 40,300 62,700
Wheat, bush 118,000 35,000
Corn, bush 603.000 187,100
Oats, bush 274,600 173,000
; Rye. bush 18.200 9.900
. Barley, bush 39.000 13,900
j On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was easy; creameries, 14010 c; dairies
11%®18C. Eggs, dull; fresh, 23@24c. Cheese'
I steady; creams, 9%^11c
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
_ , Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— 11 Bushels. Bushels.
j Minneapolis 473,580 28 °00
I»uluth 145,536 62289
Milwaukee 60,400 lc'soo
Chicago 118.1 M 85! 133
£/'/ : 22.714 ,-; . 4.200
«. L ? U ;'» 41.000 C 7.000
Detroit *•• ,5-258 18,798
Kansas City 05,000 4.*,.:
Totals 973.63S 278,620
Tidewater-
Boston 26.586 80.8S0
, i New York 277.500 268.057
I Philadelphia 77.047 45,775
Baltimore 44,494 41420
New Orleans 120 COO
Galveston *. .......
Totals
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— '"yy-yy .-**, ;•->"■.: Mar. May
Opening 5 10% 5 8%
Closing 5 10% 6 9%
PARIS FUTURES.-
Flour— Jan.Mar.-June
Opening 45 20 46 00
Closing
Wheat-
Opening 2115 2175
Closing .....; .
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Jan. 9.— The offerings of cattle to
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 10, 1899.
day were of Inferior quality a- » prices. Bet
ter grades took a sharp upturn. Sales were
on a basis of $4(^14 50 for common dressed beef J
steers up to $5 50*36 for choice to fancy ship-
Ing cattle. Medium steers. $4 85@5 10; bulls,
52 50(& 4 30; cows and heifers, S3 30(5*4 10: calves,
53 50(57; Texas . steers, S3 25® 4 60; Western fed
steers, 1406 fie.
There was a good demand for hogs, with sales
largely 2%@6c higher. Fair to choice, S3 600
" 75; packing lots. $8 40®3 57%; mixed, $3 40©
3 65; butchers, S3 40@3 70; lights,, S3 3C@3 65;
pigs. $2 90®3 40.
SHEEP— Prices were mostly steady and un
changed. Yearlings sold at $4(54 15; native
sheep, $2 50®3; export sheep, S3 85@3 90; poor
to choice lambs, S3 76@S 10.
Receipts— Cattle, 10,000; hogs, 36.000; sheeep,
16.000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Jan. 9.— CATTLE— Receipts,
10,000; market steady to strong. Native steers,
S3 50@5 50; Texas steers, S3 50@4 90; Texas cows,
$2®3 50; native cows and heifers. $2©4 35; stock
era and feeders, S3 25@4 50; bulls, $2 65(54 75.
HOGS— Receipts, 10,000; market steady to
strong. Bulk of number, $3 40@3 60; heavies,
S3 45@3 65: packers. S3 35 (53 60; mixed. S3 25®
3 60; lights, S3 tt@3 35; yorkers, S3 8093 35; pigs,
S3®3 20.
SHEEP— Receipts. 2000: market firm. Lambs,
S3 50&5; muttons, 52<52 40.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, Jan. CATTLE-Receipts, 800;
market steady. Native beef steers, S4®s 40;
Western steers, $3 8094 40; Texas steers, 53 60(5
$4 20; cows and heifers, S3 25_4 40; canners, $2
©3; stockers and feeders, S3 60-54 50; calves,
84@6 75; bulls, stags, etc., S_@3 80.
HOGS— Receipts, 2000; market stronger to 5o
higher. Heavy. S3 45£3 50; mixed, S3 32®3 45;
lights, $3 35®3 45; pigs, S3S3 25; bulk of sales,
S3 42®3 45.
SHEEP— Receipts. 4000; market steady. Na
tive muttons. $:; 60*54 25; Westerns, S3 Eo@4;
stockers, S2 60@3 60; lambs, S3 75-55.
DEN V
DENVER, Jan. CATTLE— Receipts. 300.
Market active and firm. Beef steers, 8-96 25;
cows, $3 25@4; feeders, freight paid to river,
S3 2504 10; stockers, freight, S3 50 _ 4 35; bulls,
stags, etc.. S2(§3.
HOGS— Receipts, 100; market steady. Light
packers, S3 40© 3 45; mixed, S3 33® 3 40; heavy,
S3 20@3 30. -.; -' ..- : -/.
SHEEP— Receipts. 200; market steady. Good
fat muttons, $3 75(54 50; lambs, $4 50® 5 25.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Jan. 9.— Consols, 110%; sliver,
27 5-lCd: wheat cargoes off coast, nothing do
ing; cargoes on passage, easy for white, quiet
for red; No. 1 standard California, 29s 9d; im
port wheat into United Kingdom, 208,000; im
port flour into United Kingdom 234.""'; wheat
and flour on passage to United Kingdom, 2,360,
--000; wheat and flour on passage to continent,
1,120,000; Indian shipments of wheat to United
Kingdom. 88,000; Indian shipments of wheat to
continent, 16.000.
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 9.— WHEAT— Easy; wheat
in Paris, steady.
COTTON— Uplands, 3%d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL. Jan. 9.— WHEAT— Futures
closed firm. March, 5s 10% d; May, os 9A 4 d.
WHEAT— Spot easy,
i CORN— Spot, easy; new American mixed, 3s
md: old, 3s lid. Futures, steady; January, 8s
lu%d; March, 3s 9d; May, 3s 8?« d.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, Jan. To-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, ,'294,819,103; gold reserve,
8240,116,766.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or., Jan. 9.— Exchanges,, 5363,
--964; balances, $49,965.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 9.— Locally 600 was
the ruling figure to-day for Walla Walla
wheat, with valley slow- at 62c, and blue stem
C3c.
' Cleared— Bark Morven, with 125.425 bushels
wheat for Queenstown.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Jan. 9.— The wheat market was
steady. Quotations on export: Club, 60c; blue
stem, 63c.
Cleared — Vlmeira, for Queenstown, Fal
mouth or Plymouth, with 1?3,923 bushels wheat;
Schlffbek, for Queenstown or Falmouth, with
139,307 bushels wheat; Dirigo, for Antwerp, j
with 170,142 bushels wheat.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $1 82% j
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 85%
Sterling Cables — 4 86%
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 59%
Mexican Dollars 47%@4S
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The market was weak and dull,
with a slight decline in futures.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 13%@1 15; milling,
$1 17%@1 20.. . .
. CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May ctls.,
$1 18%; 2000, $1 18%; 42,000, $1 18%.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session ctls., $1 18%.
Regular Afternoon Session— May — 4000 ctls.,
$1 IS; 4000, $1 18%.
BARLEY— The market was dull all around.
Futuiea' declined, but spot quotations were un
changed.
Fee-. $1 27%@1 32%; Brewing. $1 35@1 45 per
ctl/
./ CALL BOARD RALES,
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— sales.
Second Session No sales.
Regular Morning Session— Seller '99, new—
ctls., 90%.
Regular Afternoon Session No sales.
OATS — Dealers report a firm but dull mar
ket.
Fancy Feed, $1 35@1 37% per ctl; good to
choice, $1 30@1 32%; common, $1 27%; Surprise
$1 40«1 45; Gray, $1 30@1 85; Milling, $1 32 1 !©
1 35 per ctl; Red, $1 55<ai 65; Black. $1 60@1 75.
CORN— _ne market is steady, but quiet.
Small round yellow, $1 20; Eastern large yel
low, $112%®116; white, $1 I_%©l 15; mixed,
$1 07%©1 10 per ctl; California white, $1 ]2%_a
1 15.
RYE— California. $1 15@1 20; Eastern. $1 16
per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— last China steamer took out
7635 bbls. of Flour.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour, $2 75
per 100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat
Groats, $4 60; Hominy, $3 25®3 50; Buckwheat
Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina,
$4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels), $0 Ss®6 25; in sacks, $:, 65®6 05; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 lbs. - 
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Arrivals of Hay were larger, but the market
was unchanged. Previous prices ruled fur
Bran and Middlings.
BRAN— SIB 50©19 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S2O©23 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $26 60@27 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31@31 50;
Jobbing, $32®32 50; Cocoanut Cake, J24&25; Cot
tonseed Meal, $28® 30 per ton; Cornmeal, $23 DO®
24 50; Cracked Corn. $24®25.
CALIFORNIA HAY — Wheat, $17 30®19 for
good to- choice and $16@17 for lower grades;
no fancy coming in: Wheat and Oat. $1 50®
17 50; Oat, $14© 16; Island Barley, $11®15; Al
falfa, $12^13 50; Stock, none; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon. Utah, etc.)—
Wheat and Wheat and Oat, $14*_ 15; Cheat,
$12 60®13; Alfalfa—; Oat, Sll@15; Clover,
$1150(912 50; Timothy, ?12'n 13 CO per ton.
STRAW— 3S® 7Sc per bale. * .
BEANS AND . SEEDS.
Prices for everything stand about the same,
with not much going on. •
BEANS— Bayoa. $18502; Small Whites.. $2®
2 15; Large Whites. $1 75©1 90; Pinks, JI XV,
2 06; Reds, $3 1693 15; Blackeye. $3 75@4: But
ters, $2©2 50; Limas, $3 25*63 35: Pea, $2 25^2 40;
Red Kidneys, %2 40*2 CO per ctl.
SEEDS- Brown Mustard. $4 5004 75 per. ctl:
yellow Mustard. $4 25; Flax. $2®2 25; Canary
Seed. 2%®2%c per lb; Alfalfa. 6%®6*«c: Rape,
2%®2%c:<Hemp, 2 I 3 .'''c, Timothy. sifrs%c. .
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 50®1 75; Green. $1 75
(fjl 85 per ctl. ;
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes are getting rather scarce and are
advancing. Salinas are about gone. This va
riety was short this season, owing chiefly to the
dry winter. Onions are higher. Vegetables are
about the same.
POTATOES— 7S®SSc per ctl for early Rose;
■ ' r.i*'. per sack for River Burbanks; Petaluma
Burbanks, 86c@$l: Oregon. $16 1 36 Sweet Po
tatoes, 3175 for Merced; New Potatoes, 2&2 V.C
per lb.
ONIONS— 7S©9Oc per ctl; Oregons, Jl@l 10.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, 8c; String
Beans, 8((il0c; Cabbage, 40@50c; Tomatoes, 75c4*
$1 25 for Los Angeles; Egg Plant, lfl_*l2V_c per
lb; Garlic, 7c per lb; Dried Okra, 13c per lb;
Green Peppers. 4® 5c per lb: Dried Peppers, 10
fil'.c; Marrowfat Squash, $B@lo per ton; Car
rots, 25@35c per sack; Mushrooms, s@loc per lb
for common and 15@20c for. buttons.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Three cars of Eastern came ln and sales
were made at 14c for Turkeys,' 35 for Ducks and
Broilers, 32 for Geese, $5 C0«?6 for Hens, J6 for
young Roosters and 34 50 for Fryers. '
Local stock was nominal.
Game was in light supply and firm.
POULTRY-Dressed Turkeys, 16@19c; live
Turkeys. 14_*16c for Gobblers and ll@l6c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, 31 60@1 75; Ducks, 14 SO
<g6; Hens. $4© 5; young Roosters, $5 60W6; old
Roosters, $4(ff4 60; Fryers, - V.Vi:. 50; Broilers
$4 ."io^js for large. $3 60@4 for small; Pigeons »l
©1 2. . per dozen for old and $1 60@2 for Squab 3
GAME— Quail. $1 25(5*1 60* Mallard, $4*74 £0;
Canvasback, ; Sprig, $S; Teal. $1 75; Wid
geon, $2: Small Duck. 31 50; English Snipe, $3;
Jack Snipe, ?1 50; Gray Geese, 33; White Geese,
Sl 25; Brant, Si 50@2; Honkers. $4@5; Hare, 75c;
Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontails and Sl for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Another decline in Butter is noted. The mar- j
ket is well supplied and the rain tends to !
! weaken the situation. Cheese is also coming in j
more freely and is weak.
Eggs are in light supply, though there are I
enough to go around. . '. '•-';':•"-.•'."'.= ./.'.'
BUTTER— '*'.*. .7
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 25®260; seconds, i
23@24c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 21® 23c; common
grades, 18®20c.
Pickled Goods— Firkin, 17®18c; pickled roll,
17@18c for dairy and 19®20c for *. creamery
squares; creamery tub, 22®22%c.
Eastern Butter— vacked, 16®16%0 per I
lb: Elgin. 22®22%c.
) CHEESE— Choice mild new, U«@l2c; old, 10 i
®llc; Cream Cheddar, 12('ii2%c; xoung Amer- I
ica, 12®13c; Eastern, 10®12c. . -■--.-. I ■:'!
EGGS— Ranch Eggs. 34®86c per dozen; sec- I
onds, 30®33c; store Eggs, 25@S0c. '.".,
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The market continues liberally stocked with j
Oranges and Lemons and both are dull and
weak. Limes are scarce and firm. There 'Is
no scarcity of Apples.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 35'fltiOc for common, 75c®$l per box
for No. 1 and $1 25®1 50 for choice. Lady Ap
ples, $1; Apples, in barrels, $s@B.
Pears— per box.
Persimmons Nominal.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $I®2 50 per
box; Seedlings, 75c@$l 50; Mandarins, $l@l-25;
Lemons, 76c®$l 50 for common and $2®3 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $5@6; Call-'
fornia Limes. 25®60c per small box; Grape
Fruit. $I©2 50; Bananas, $1 25@2 50 per bunch;
Pineapples, $J(&i per dozen. .-■
--DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS,
It still looks like Sunday ln the Dried Fruit
trade, there being verj- little demand from any
quarter.
DRIED* FRUIT— 6%c for 40-50's, 4%®
6c for 00-60' s, 3%au3%c for 60-70' 2%@3c for
70-80' 9. 2%®2%c for 80-90' s, 2c for 90-100' s and
lVi*l%c for 100-110* Silver Prunes, 2%@5c;
Peaches, 6@7>_e for good to choice, 7%@Sc for i
fancy and 10®12%c for peeled; Apricots, 10®12c
Tor Royals and 12%©13% c for Moorpark; Evap
orated Apples, 7Vii?7%c; sun dried, 4@l%c;
Black Figs, sacks, 2®2%c; Plums, 4%®6c for j
pitted and l@l%c for unpitted; Nectarine^, 6®
7c for prime to fancy; Pears, 6gSc lor quarters ,
and B®9c for halves.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown. 5%c for four-crown, 5%®6%c for Seed- j
less Sultanas, 4%c for Seedless Muscatels and '
$1 20 for London Layess; Dried Grapes, 2%®3c. !
NUTS— Chestnuts. 8©12% c per lb; Walnuts, i
7®Bc for hardshell, 9®loc for softshell; Al- j
i monds, 7®Bc for hardshell, 13@14c for softshell, !
15@16c for paper-shell; Peanuts, 6©7 c for East- j
crn and 4%@5c for California; Cocoanuts, $4 50 !
®5.
HONEY— Comb, ]0<?-ilc for bright and B®9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 6%@ !
7c: light amber extracted, 6c; dark, 6®5%c
per lb. -
BEESWAX— per lh.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— 7%0 per lb for
heavy, Sc for light medium. 10c for light, 10% c j
for extra light and 12®12%c for sugar cured; I
i Eastern Sugar-cured Hums. 10®10%c; California J
Hams, 9%©9% c; Mess Beef, $10 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef, $11; Family Beef. $12 50; extra j
Prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $18; mess, $19*50®
16: Smoked Beef, 11%@12c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at C%@6c per th for j
compound and 7%®Sc for pure; half barrels,
pure, B\ic: 10-lh tins, S%e; 5-Ib tins. B%c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces, 6%®6%c; packages
less than 300 lbs, 1-tb palls, 60 In a case, 9V_c; i
3-Ib palls, 20 In a case, g%c; 5-lb pails, 12 in a
case, B%c; 10-th pails, 6 In a case, B%c; 50-th
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%e: wooden buckets, 20
lbs net. B%c; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7;_c; half
barrels, about 110 tbs, 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
All descriptions under this head remain un
changed.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers. 10c; medium, B%c; light, 8c; Cowhides,
8c: Stags, Cc; Salted Kip, 8c; Calf, 8c; dry
Hides, sound. 15c: culls and brands, 12c: dry
I Kip and Veal, 15c: dry Calf. 17c; Sheepskins,
! shearlings, 15®25c each; short wool. 30®40c
i each; medium, 60@80c; long wool, 90c@$l 10
each; Horse Hides, salt. $1 75®2 for large and
75c for small: Colts, 50c: Horse Hides, dry, $1 so
for large and _oc®sl for small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3%®8%c per lh;
No. 2. 2%c: refined. 4%®5c; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Spring clips— Southern Mountain, 12
months*. 7(59c: San Joaquin and Southern. 7
months', (W9C; Foothill and Northern, free. II
©14c; Foothill and Northern, defective. 9®llc;
Humboldt and Mendocino. 14@15c; Nevada, 9®
I lie: Eastern Oregon, 10@12c.
Fall Wools—
Humboldt and Mendocino 9®ll i
Northern Mountain 7tfJ 8
Southern fiTf 7%
Plains r.-f? 6
HOPS— IS9S crop, 12%<gi4c per tb for ordinary,
14%®15%c for good and 16®18c for choice to
fancy.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are firm again and bring the top
quotations without difficulty. Other descrip
tions remain unchanged.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6%©7 c; second quality.
egS'.c; third quality, 4%@5%c.
VEAL— Large. 6%(57%c; small, 6%®Bc per lh.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7®7%c; Ewes, 7c.
LAMB— 7%®gc per th.
PORK— Live Hogs, 4@4%c for large, 4%(^%c
for medium, and 3%®4c for small; stock Hogs,
3®3%c; dressed Hogs, 6®7c for prime.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags for next season,
nominal, at 4%@5c; Wool Bags, 26g*28c; San
Quentin Bags. $4 85.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8: Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, {'•; Wallsend. $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $8 60ig*9 in bulk and $10
910 26 in sack.-; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs and
Castle Gate. $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton ln bulk
and $14 in sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, C%c; Powdered, 6%c; Candy
Granulated, 5 7 .c; Dry Granulated, 5%c; Con
fectioners' A, 5%c; California A, 5%c; Magnolia
A, 6%c; Extra C, 5%c; Golden C, 5%c; half
barrels, %c more than barrels, and boxes %c
more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels
or Its equivalent.
COFFEE— A local circular gives the receipts
at this port in 1898 at 138,893 bags, against
143,241 bags in 1597. The sales from first hands
were 121.634 bags, against 122,421. The stock
in first hands January 1 was 9953 bags, against
10,053 bags January 1, 1898. The world's visi
ble supply January 1 was 6,601,155 bags, against
6,867,363 January 1, 1593. The circular says:
. "December, usually a dull month, has this
year proven the exception to the rule and
quite a fair business has been done, mainly In
old crop coffees. Prices paid, however, were
very irregular and no firm basis of values is
to be quoted for these, but in a general way
the market • can be said to be fairly steady
within the range of figures given. .
"New crop washed Guatemala has been sold
to the e*tent of 652 bags, prices ranging from
13c for low good to 17 1 -'- for strictly superior.
At the present writing the demand seems to
have been temporarily supplied, but will un
doubtedly be renewed If prices become easier.
The difference in values between strictly prime
grades and those below is wider than ever,
and the line of demarcation more sharply
drawn.
"The New York market for spot coffee, after
advancing %c for Rio No. 7 and %c for Santos
No. 4, has reacted slightly owing to larger re
ceipts at Brazilian ports.
"To-day's first hand stock consists of 1031
bags Costa Rica, Nicaragua, 1201 Salvador,
6438 Guatemala and 485 Mexican; in all 9155 j
bags, as against- 8722 bags same time last
year."
We quote— Costa Rica, 15<f?16c nominal for I
prime washed; 13%@14%c nominal for good
washed; 12%@15c for good to prime washed
peaberry; Ll@ll%c for good peaberry; 11%@13c
for good to prime; 10@llc nominal for pood
current mixed with black beans; 9®10%C for
fair; ''■■.'.l'-'.ir for common to ordinary. Salva
dor—ll@l3c nominal for good to prime washed;
B*aio%c for fair washed; 10%@11%^ for good to
prime wash".! peaherry; B%c nominal for su
perior unwashed; 8®8%6 for good green un
washed; 9%©10 c for good to prime unwashed
peaberry. Nicaragua— SszS%c nominal for good
to superior unwashed; B%®l nominal for
good to prime unwashed peaberry. Guatemala
and Mexican— l6%@l7%c for prime to fancy
washed new crop: 14%ff16c for good to strictly
good washed new crop: H%@l4c for good to
strictly good washed old crop; i^illc for fair
washed old crop; 7<gß%c for medium old crop;
5@6%C for inferior to ordinary old crop: 100
ll%c for good to prime washed peaberry old
crop; 9%ffloc for good unwashed peaberry old
crop; B@S%c for good to superior unwashed old
crop.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Tuesday, December 10.
Flour, qr sks.... 6.690 Hay, tons 474
Wheat, ctls 1,173 Straw, tons 20
Barley, ctls .... 2,780 Wool, bales 7
Oats ctls l ft Brandy, gftls — 1,060
Butter, ctls 73 Wine, gals .. 62,600
Cheese, ctls 10 Pelts, bdis 227
Beans, sks 640 Hides, No 164
Potatoes 2,940 Eggs, doz 5,820
Onions, sks (8 Lime, bbls 91
Bran. sks 2,505 Leather, rolls .. 5$
Middlings, sks .. 815 Raisins, boxes... 750
Shorts, sks 105' .
WASHINGTON. ; '- * : ''7-
Wheat, ctls ..... 8001 Onions, sks ...... 232
Barley, ctls ..... ' 230; Bran, sks 780
Flour, sks 2,43o! Flaxseed, sks ....„ 431
OREGON.
.Wheat, ctls I,6Bo l Hay, tons 10
Potatoes, sks — 639]
NEVADA.
Hay. tons ... .,... 90
■» ■ .
THE STOCK MAKKET.
* Mining ; stocks weaker and declined all day,
though the depreciation was slight.
( Local securities j were active. The tendency
in the sugar stocks was : toward weaker quota
tions. Contra Costa Water declined to $57 7s.
Sol D. Landecker, of the firm of Hugo Lan
decker & Co., has been elected a member of
the Investment Board. .Transactions in local
securities have reached such a growth in this
city that seats in the exchanges are In In
creasing demand and the business of the brok
ers is steadily growing.
The following dividends will be paid to-day:
Monthly dividends of 50c per share by the Paci
fic Gas Improvement Company and the San Jose
I Water Company. The Marin County Water
I Company a quarterly dividend of 75 cents. The
! First National Bank of San Francisco a semi
j annual dividend of $5. The Market Street Rail
way Its regular quarterly dividend of 60 cents.
The Giant Powder Consolidated Company a
monthly dividend of 50 cents.
| Three California quicksilver mines have paid
quarterly dividends this month as follows:
: Aetna. $10,000; Napa Con. and New Idrla, each
$20, COO.
The Parrot mine of Montana paid a dlvldenl
of $60,000 on the 3d.
The Stockton Gas and Electric Company is
now paying a quarterly dividend of 30c per
i share. ■
The Bank of California will declare a quar-
I terly dividend of $3 per share , to-day, payable
: on the 15th.
The Germania Lead Works will pay its reg
ular dividend of 75 cents per share this month.
The Pacific and Sunset Telephone and Tele
graph companies will pay their regular monthly
dividends on the 16th.
The Oakland Gas, Light and Heat Company
has declared a regular monthly dividend of 25
cents per share, payable on the 16th.
The Crocker-Woolworth National Bank will
pay a dividend of $-1 per share this month, for
the six months ending December 3U
The Swansea Mining Company of Utah has
declared a dividend of 5 cents per share,
, amounting to SSOOO, payable on the 10th. Inclu
sive of this dividend the company will have
paid a total of $141,500 since incorporation.
The following companies had cash on hand
December 31: Alpha Consolidated, $27; Alta,
I $223, with mine expenses partly paid and $1000
j due the bank; Andes, $19, with liabilities of
j $467; Belcher, $1191; Best & Belcher, $4330;*
; lion, $1734; Caledonia, $4904, with December ex
j penses unpaid; Consolidated California and
■ Virginia, $23,018; Confidence, $1992, with Decem-
I ber expenses unpaid; Crown Point, $4979; Con-
I solidated New York, $552; Consolidated Im
j perial, $1823; Challenge Consolidated. $666; Ex
j chequer, $251 ; Gould • and i Curry, $9811 ; , Hale &
Norcross, $1458;. Julia Consolidated, $30; Mexi
can. $4804; Ophir, $4307: Overman, $82, with a
! balance of $844 due on the last assessment, and
,a balance $217 due the treasurer; Potosi, $7580;
j Seg. Belcher, $155; Scorpion, $129; Sierra Ne
! vada, $5149; Standard Consolidated, $73,901 in
i coin and $6884 in unsold bullion, with December
bills unpaid; Silver Hill, $102, with $1000 due
I on company's notes; Syndicate, $1512; Union
i Consolidated, $12,670; Utah Consolidated, $564.
The Choliar Mining Company reports an in-
I debtedness of $1779; Savage owed $132; Silver
! King of Arizona owed $1971.
In the Sierra Nevada mine- on the 900 foot
j level the north drift started rrom the top ot
j the raise, eighty feet above this level, was
I advanced five, feet; total length, sixty feet;
t lace in porphyry and clay. At this point work
was suspended and a south drift started from
the raise opposite the north drift and advanced
the same three feet in porphyry. No work was
done in the mine for three days on acocunt of
having no water. On the 140 foot level the
northwest drift from the station was advanced
fifteen feet, making a total of 604 feet; face
in porphyry and clay.
The official letter from the Occidental Con
| solidated mine for the past week says:
Work in the mine and at the mill was sus-
I pended January 2. A shipment of 133 sacks
i of concentrates, weighing n,4SO pounds was
i made to the smelting works me past week.
No work was done in the Choliar and Potosi
I mines during the past week. At the Com
i bination shaft in conjunction with the Savage,
| i 'hollar and Hale & Norcross companies they
have been making surface repairs about the
mouth of and in the shaft, including putting
| down new flooring and a new set of timbers
1 at the collar of the shaft; taking down the
| cupola to prevent Its falling and the erection
! of a shed to convey the air brought up by
I the draught outside the building. They have
also With the same companies repaired the sta-
I tion on the Sutro tunnel level of the Com
bination shaft to prevent a threatened cave and
to preserve the connections.
In the Ophir and Mexican mines during the
; past week no underground work was done
! through the main shaft. In the old Central
tunnel east crosscut No. 2 has been advanced
; ten feet, total length twenty-one feet. The
: face Is in porphyry, clay and quartz showing
no assay value. Have cleaned out and re
| timbered the west drift and laid track 100 feet
making 210 feet from the winze to the switch
opposite the south drift and where the pro
posed north drift is to be started toward Mcxi-
I can ground. ™"_V
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
T.M a , MONDAY, Jan.' 9.
_ Bid. Ask. i B j,l A sk
{ s ;;;^oup..- _ I Mutual El Co. 12% 13%
4s m,ar C r°e U o P -~ ~ i ° a Wand Gas - 49
-_#_y_3s::::_ mp *?. % -
quar c0up..107%107% £ a £ ££o 86% 86%
Miscellaneous— S & __••• S6 <* m *
Cal-st Cab 68..112 - L? an ran , 3 * *-**%
Cal El ns. 125 .127% S">ckton Gas.. 11% 14
I C C Wat C 5...103% —* I Insurance—
IJup-st ex c... — ' 98% Firem's Fund.2ll —
EL& Pos .131 — ■ Bank Stocks—
FftCl Ry 63.114 — Anglo-Cal .... 64% —
Geary-st It ss. — 102 Rank of Ca1... 256 —
H C A 8 5%5.— 105 Cal s D &T..101 —
LAL Co Cs.. M — First Nat10n1.224 230
Do gntd 65.. 98% Lon P ft A. ...133 —
Market-st 6s. .126 — ' Mer Exchange — 16
Do Ist M 55.115*fc11«% Nev Nat 8....176 —
NCN Q R 75. 107 — ! Savings Banks—
NRy Cal C 5..114 - Ger Bft L..1625 ..
N Ry Cal 55.. 109% - S******"* Bft L.1050 1160
NPCRR6S.IO6 - 2 IU £ ua AJ a Tj ~ . * 15
N P C R R 6s. 100 100% ,2 „ T fa S v Tj ** 4Sj —
N Cal R R Cs. 98%105 g & V. S °o*v; ~ 10
Oak Gas 55. ...110% - ec , urlt S B 300 3 5°
Om Ry 65....127%125% , *~5 ,0n TCo 1060 -
Pft Cl Ry 6s. 104 - i „ Street Rallroads-
P ft O 65... ...109 - (California ....110 - -
Powell-st 65. ..120 122V-'i; ea '?V': « — „
Sac El Rv 55..- _i Market-st <L -;;' 60%
SFft N P 65.109%109%|Gak SLft H. — —
SierraßCal «8.104%105%| 1^*** ami n ll *>*
S P of Arf5.,109%110%1 wo - "
S PC65(1905-6)112% — [California ....150 —
SPC 6s (1912)121% — £. Dynamite.. BS% 97%
SPCIs eg ss. — 106 Giant Con Co. 60 61%
SP Br te.....' — 124 Vlgorit 3% 3% ,
S V Water 65.119%119% Miscellaneous—
S V Water 4s. 102% — Al Pac A55n..106%107%
S V W4s(3dm). — — Ger Ld Wk5. .175 —
Stktn Gas .102%— Hana PI Co.. 18% 18% l
Water Stocks— II C & S Co. 68 68%
Contra Costa. 57% 59 Hutch S P Co. 34 —
Marin Co 50 — Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Spring Valleylo2 102% ; Oceanic S Co. 64% 64%
Gas ft Electric— I Pac A F A... 1% 1%
Capital Gas... — — I Pac C Bor Co.loo —
Cent Gaslight. los — Par Paint Co.. 7 —
Cent L & P... 18% 13%
Morning Session.
Board—
$15,000 Contra Costa Water bonds 104 00
$12,000 Contra Costa Water bonds 104 50
$9,000 Contra Costa Water bonds 104 25
5 Contra Costa Water 58 50
15 Contra Costa Water 58 25
50 liana Plantation Co 18 75
150 Hana Plantation Co 18 62%
ICO Hana Plantation Co 18 50 *
150 Hawaiian Commercial ft Sugar 58 60
50 Hawaiian Commercial ft Sugar 58 37%
100 Hawaiian Commercial ft Sugar, s 60. 58 25
. 100 Hawaiian Commercial ft Sugar 5S 25
200 Hutchinson S P Co 34 00
425 Hutchinson S P Co 33 75
65 Market Street Railway 611 50
100 Mutual Electric Light 13 00
$5000 Omnibus Cable bonds $128 00
30 Pacific Lighting, s 30 49 00
$5000 S P of A bonds 110 00
$10,000 S F & N P Ry bonds, s 90 109 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
50 Alaska Packers' Assn 107 00
CO Central Light & Power 19 00
100 Contra Costa Water 5S 00
135 Contra Costa Water : 57 75
50 Contra Costa Water, s 30.....; 67 75
,15 Contra Costa Water 57 87%
100 Hawaiian Commercial ft Sugar 58 25
75 Hana Plantation Co 18 50
600 Hutchinson S P Co 33 87%
100 Hutchinson S P Co .34 00 "
20 Market Street Railway 60 50
50 Mutual Electric Light ; 13 00
$2000 North Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds. 62%
70 Oceanic S S Co 64 75
$2000 S P of A bonds 110 00
$32,000 S F ft N P Ry bonds 109 25
150 Vigorlt Powder 3 25
Street— - .-:>'. -
20 Alaska Packers' Assn 107 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
110 Market Street 60 00
20 Spring Valley Water 102 37%
150 Mutual Electric ....13 00
Afternoon Session. '
Board— y:v.;~ -
40 Spring Valley Water .." 102 25
10 Spring Valley Water 102 00
100 Mutual Electric 13 00
20 Alaska Packers' 106 37%
100 Equitable Gaslight 14 00
25 Market Street 60 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales . in the San Fran
cisco stock Board yesterday:
Morning ' Session.
100 Belcher ......... 17 500 Confidence 60
300 Best ft Belcher. 38 300 Mexican ........ : , 31
200 Choliar • 15 200 Ophir I 62
100 Con Cal ft Va..l 80 J IOO Sierra - Nevada.. SO
400 Con Cal ft' Va..l 86 ! 100 Sierra Nevada.. _ 79
Afternoon Session. . ..7-.:-;
100 Best ft Belcher. 361800 Mexican ...'.... 30
500. Best ft Belcher. '351200 Occidental ...... 50
100 Con Cal & Va..l 25 600 Ophir ........*...- 49
100 Con Cal ft Va..l 20 s(>o Savage . 08
100 Crown Point .... 13 • 350 Sierra Nevada.. 72
360 Gould ft Curry. 251700 Union Con ...... 30
400 Could ft Curry. .24 200 Utah 10
200 Justice 131
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Beard yesterday: ' *. •• : v.';"'
Morning Session. •
600 Best ft Belcher. -371300 Savage 09
■ 400 Challenge Con..- 13 1000 Savage .......... 10
200 Choliar ....*...... 14 300 Sierra Nevada.. '79
1100 Con Cal ft Va.l 25 300 Sierra Nevada.. 80
300 Gould & Curry. . 25 600 Sierra Nevada..' 75
275 Justice..... 13 200 Union Con ...... 34
COO Mexican 31 : 900 Union Con .'32
SOO Ophir 62 500 Utah 13
700 Potosi ,141300 Yellow Jacket.. 19
.Afternoon Session. • :" i' 7
200 Belcher 151300 Justice 13
SCO Challenge Con .. 13 ! 300 Ophir 51
I 390 Con Cal ft Va.l 22% 200 Utah 10
1200 Con Cal ft Va.l 251200 Yellow Jacket.. 20
200 Gould ft Curry.. 251
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
' TUESDAY, Jan. 10—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask i Bid. Ask
Alpha Con .... — 05 Julia — 01
Alta — 08. Justice 12 14
Andes ;.. 05 06Kentuck 11 12
Belcher 16 18 ! Lady Wash — 05
Benton Con .... 04 10 Mexican 30 31
Best & Belcher 36 37 Occidental — 48
Bullion 02 04 Ophir 50 51
Caledonia 20 23 Overman 05 06
Choliar 13 14 1 Potosi .* 13 14
Challenge Con. — 16 Savage OS* 09
Confidence ..*... 60 66 Scorpion — 03
Con Cal &. Va.l 25 130 Seg Belcher .. 03 04
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 73 76
Crown Point... 12 14 Silver Hill .... — 04
Con New York. — 06 Syndicate 05 10
Eureka Con ... — 30 Union Con .... 30 31
Exchequer — 03 Standard 190 —
Gould & Curry. 26 27 Utah ..* 10 11
Hale & Norcrs 08 09 Yellow Jacket.-. 19 20
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Caroline D. Marwedel to ' Charles W. Mar
wedel, lot on N line of Sutter street, 137:6 w
of Laguna, W 68:9 by N 137:6; $10. -
Paul Shirley (by Maud Shirley Gregg, trustee)
to William C. Gregg, 1675 d 345. lot on W lint;
of Pierce street, 100 S of Vallejo, S 25 by W
112:6; $2250.
Reliance Trust Company (a corporation) to j
P. M. Morrison, lot on SE corner of Forty
th.rd and Point Lobos avenues, S 95. NE 98:5,
W 23:10 to beginning; $5.
P. M. Morrison to William Wolfsohn. lot on
SE corner of Forty-third and Point Lobos ave
nues, SE 95:6, SE 95:6. NE 98:6, W 23:10 to be
ginning; grant and $1.
Rose L. Hayden (Levinson) to Ethel C. Lev
inson, lot on E line of Eighteenth avenue. 3G4:4
N of S street, N 25 by E 120 (warranty deed);
Sunnyside Land Company and California
Title Insurance and Trust Company to Annie
Mullen, lot 8,- block 47, Sunnyside; $io.
Estate of Margaret D'Arcy (by executor) to
E. W. Hawkins, lot on W line of Falcon street,
42:4 S of South Diamond alley. S 5 degrees 29
minutes, W 47:6. N 58 degrees 20 minutes, W
156:6, N 21 degrees 38 minutes, E 50, S £6 degrees
6 minutes, E 169:3, lot 5, block 23, Market-
Btreet Homestead; $200.
E. W. Hawkins to Eugene P. Kennedy,
same; $10.
Alameda County.
Patrick Russell to Mary J. Russell, lot on
W line of Sixth street, 100 S of Channlng way,
S 26.85 by W 133, block 133. same, Berkeley;
gift. . : .--,',■
George M. Sheldon to Robert Wannemacher,
lot 1, block 5, Central Park Tract, Berkeley;
$10.
Margaret Walsh to L. N. B. Smith, lots 14.
15 and 16, block 23, Warner Tract, Brooklyn
Township, quitclaim deed; $1.
Martin Walsh to same, same. Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
James W. Walsh to Martin Walsh, lot on SE
corner of Orange street and Jones avenue, E
100 by S 125, being lots 15 and 16, block 23. same,
Brooklyn Township; gift.
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to Joseph I
Boardman. lot on N line of Seventh street,
135:8 E of Wllllow, E 25 by N 156, Oakland;
$1000.
John Nicholl to John Nicholl Company (a
corporation), lot on NE corner of Ninth and
Washington streets, N 100 by E 125, being lots
1 to 4, 27 and 28, block 118, Oakland; also lot on
E line of Washington street, 100 N of Ninth.
N 25 by E 75, being lot 5, block 118. Oakland:
also lot on W line of Fourth avenue. 3SO N
of East Sixteenth street, N 100 by W 175, block
101, Clinton, East Oakland; also lot on SE
line of Third avenue. 210.06 SW from S line of
East Eighteenth street, SW 100 by SE 125, being
lots 1 and 2, block 101, Watson property. East
Oakland; also those certain tide lands con
veyed by Board of Tide Land Commissioners to
John Nicholl, as follows: August 1, 1876, In 129
d 411; August 1, 1676, in 129 d 408, East Oak
land; grant.
William and Josephine Joerndt to Sarah M. i
Thrasher, lot on S line of Folsom or Virginia
street, 186:1% V.' of Chestnut, W 50 by S 135,
block 10, Curtis Tract, Berkeley; $10.
B. C. and Elizabeth G. Fabrlque, A. J. and
Anna C. Samuel to Ellen H. Kimmell (wife of
Frank), lot 19, block H, Hlllegass Tract, Berke
ley; $10.
A. E. Shaw and Elmhurst Land Company to ;
Mrs. E. Spawr, lot 82, Elmhurst Park, Brook
lyn Township; $175.
John Titus to William P. Todd, lot on NE
corner of Sixth and Clay streets, N 50, E 75,
S 50, W to beginning, block 67, Oakland; $10.
C. W. Washburn to Mamie E. and Kate A.
Lynch, lot on S line of "Everett or West Thir- j
teenth street, 95 W of Willow, W 82:6 by S
135, block A, Oakland Point Homestead Tract,
Oakland; $10.
E. A. and Lillian L. McCarthy to E. J. Wit
tenberg, lots 6 and 7, block F, Broadway Ter
race Tract, subject to mortgage, Oakland 1
Township; $10.
THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
January. 1899.
To.
8
10
IT
Wo
4
11
18
Th.
6
12
»
7,
6
*3 j
"20" ;
27
Sa.
7
14
fSF-j
to
Mooa'a Phases
.70- Last Quarter
Hi. January 4.
15
"22
24
2!
35
/***% NewMooa.
\kJ January 11.
-m first Quarter,
Jp January 18.
©Full Moon,
January 2«.
7: NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographic
Offlce, located in the Merchants" Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, ls hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any, ls published
in the morning papers the following day.
W. a. HUGHES,
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE The* high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide ls the same at both places.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 10.
Sun rises : 7:25
Pun sets 5:10
Moon rises 6:06 a. m.
?!
imel ITlme Time Timet ■
1 Ft. I Ft. I 1 Ft. I 1 Ft.
, W H W IL XV JH Wj
3:05 3.li 9:16 6.5 4:32 —1.3 11:44 4.7
4:03 3.0 10:10 6.6 5:19— 1.2| ]
I XV L W H W L XV
0:24 4.9 4:38 2.8' 11:05 6.5 6.02,-1.1
1:04 5.11 5:35 2.6 12:00 6.2 6:46—0.8
1:44 5.4] 6:31 2.3 12:56 5.8 7:31—0.3
2:25 .5.5 7:55 .2.0 1:561 5.3 8:16 0.3
3:06 5.6] 9:01 1.7 3:00] 4.7 9:03! 0.9
10 ...
11 ...
12 ...
13 ...
14 ...
15 ...
16 ...
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day ln the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
snd the last or risht hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur." The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. I Due.
Weeott jYaqulna Bay Jan. 10
Colon Panama (Jan. 10
Progreso.. (Seattle Jan. 10
Washtenaw ...JTacoma Jan. 10
Columbia (Portland Jan. Id
Orizaba [Newport Jan. 10
Leelanaw Seattle Jan. 10
Bristol [Departure Bay Jan. 11
Alliance (Portland Jan. 11
Czarina (Puget Sound Jan. 11
Mariposa Sydney [.Tin. 1!
Chllkat Humboldt Jan. 11
Umatilla Victoria & Puget Sound; Jan. 12
Santa Rosa San Diego Jan. 12
Point Arena. ...(Point Arena.... (Jan. 12
Samoa — '....... Humboldt Jan. 12
Wyefleld Nanaimo Jan. 12
Pomona ..... Humboldt •• Jan. 12
Areata Coos Bay Jan. 12
Nippon Maru... China and Japan Jan. 13
Coos Bay.. Newport ! Jan. 14
Crescent City... Crescent City Jan. IS
State California Portland Jan. 15
('has. Nelson... 'Puget Round ...|Jan. 15
North Fork.. ...lHumboldt (Jan. 16
Corona iSan Diego Jan. 16
Queen ■ ■■.*.. ' Victoria & Pug*'-. SoundiJan. 17
lea
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
_ 1
Corona ...... San Diego Jan. 10, 11 am Pier 11
Weeott ....'Coos Bay Jan. 10, 10 ampler 13
Australia .. Honolulu Jan. 11, 2 pm Pier 7
Walla Wall Vie & Pgt Sd. Jan. 11, 10 am Pier a
Aloha ......(Point Arena.. Jan. 11, 3 pm Pier 2
Blanchard .|Coos Bay Jan. 11, 10 am Pier 13
Chllkat Humboldt .... Jan. 12, 2pm Pi»r 13
Orizaba ... Newport Jan. 12, .9 am Pi>s n
Alliance ...(Oregon Ports. Jan. 12, 10 am Plei* 20
Columbia .. Portland Jan. 13, 10 am Pier 2-1
Santa Rosa San Diego..... Jan. 14. 11 am Pier 11
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Jan. 14, 3 pm Pier 2
Areata Coos Bay (Jan. 14, 10 am Pier 13
Pomona ...IHumboldt I Jan. 14, 2pm Pier 9
Curacao ... Mexico Jan. 14, 10 am Pier 11
Umatilla .. Vie & Pgt Sd. Jan. 16, 10 am Pier 9
Coos Bay... Newport ...... Jan. 16, 9 am Pier 11
Boric .:.... 'rhina& Japan Jan. 17. Ipm PMSS
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Offlce, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, . San Francisco, Cal..
January 9, 1899.
The time ball on the tower of the ne*vr Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
le at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich g tlme.^^
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.'
' ~~
ARRIVED.
Monday, January 9.
Stmr Slam. Ralcich. 104 hours from Itoalma
Stmr Fulton. Levinson, 60 hours from coos
|tmr South Soast, Zaddart. 42 hour, from
nedS°'-N Castle. Hubbard. 162 days from
H Bk°tn Gardiner City. Palmgren. 8 days from
Gra /h S rH|en°d r er Bros. Wetzel. 3* days from
Bowens Landing. ,_,, ._„_ f rrtTn
Brig WG Irwin, Williams. 16-V4 days from
Honolulu. „. ,_„_ fmm
Schr Gen Banning. Thomas. 30 days from
A Schr 1 Reliance. Stelnbom, 3 days from Fisks
M Schr C A Thayer, Lilyquist. 9 days from
Grays Harbor. _„...
Schr John A Hellquist. 5 days from Eureka.
CLEARED.
Monday. January 9.
Stmr Aeapulco, Cattarinich, Panama, etc;
P M S S Co. „ ' ...
Stmr Corona, Debney, San Diego;. Goodall,
Perkins & Co. _ _'„ _, _
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka:.Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
SAILED.
Monday, January 9.
Strr.r Aeapulco, Cattarinich, Panama, etc
Stmr Pomona, Eureka.
Ship Louis Walsh, Gammond, Tacoma.
Br ship Kind David, Jones, Portland.
Br ship Norma, McDonnell. Portland.
Schr Nettie Low, Low, Point Reyes.
Schr J B Leeds, Nielson. Champerico.
SPOKEN.
Jan 5, 32 44 N. 74 4 W—Stmr Advance, from
New York for Colon. Nov 23, 300 miles NE of
Cape Virgin -Ship Wm H Smith, '™ Phila
delphia for can Francisco. Nov 28, 49 30 S, 6*
50 W—Br ship GlenflnarV, from London for
San Francisco.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Jan 9. 10 p Weather
cloudy; wind BE; velocity 30 miles.
MEMORANDUM.
Bktn S N Castle, from Honolulu. Jan 9—On
Dec 21 and 22 in lat 31 N. long 157 30 W had
a very heavy gale from WSW. throwing the
vessel on beam em.<. The starboard rail was
under water for twelve hours; washed over
board 39 bbls molasses.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR—Sailed Jan B—Stmr Signal,
for ; schr Tampa, for San Francisco. • ;
Arrived Jan B—Schr Maid of Orleans, hence
Dec 2S.
COQUILLE RIVER— Sailed Jan B—Schr Bar
bara Hernster. for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND—Arrived Jan 9—Schr J
M Coiman. from San Pedro; schr Sequoia,'
from San Diego.
Sailed Jan Bktn J M Griffith, for Hllo.
NEWPORT (S)—Arrived Jan B—Stmr Hu-;
eneme, from .
Sailed Jan B—Schr Bertha Dolbeer. for Eu
reka. Jan 9—Stmr Westport, for .
. SEATTLE—Arrived Jan 9—Schr Meteor, from
San Pedro; stmr Signal, from Grays Harbor.
VENTURA—Arrived Jan 9—Stmr Newsboy,
hence Jan 6. •
Sailed Jan 9—Stmr Newsboy, for .
SAN DlEGO—Sailed Jan 9—Stmr Bruns
wick, for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE—Sailed Jan 9— Schr Falcon,
for San Francisco.
Arrived Jan Schr J M Coiman, from San
Pedro.
TACOMA—Sailed Jan B—Ship Dashing Wave,
for Port Los Angeles. Jan 4— Br ship Port
Elgin, for Queenstown. Jan 9—Schr Peerless,
for San Pedro.
COOS BAY—Sailed Jan 9—Stmr Weeott. for
San Francisco. ' <..
Arrived Jan 9—Stmr Areata, hence Jan 7.
FORT Arrived Jan 9—Schr La Chll
ena, hence Jan 6.
PORT LOS ANGELES—SaiIed Jan Not
stmr Tltania, for Nanaimo; stmr Alcazar, for
EUREKA— Jan 9—Stmr Samoa, hence
Jan 8; stmrs Chllkat and Ruth, hence Jan 8.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Jan 7—Stmr Finance,
from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
COLON—Sailed Jan 6—Stmr Allianca, for
New York. , -
WELLINGTON, N Arrived Jan 9—Br stmr
Miowera. from Vancouver.
CALCUTTA— Jan 7—Br ship Agnes
Oswald, for San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
1 few Steamers leave Broadway
!_____. wharf, San Francisco:
i Ht-T-C*^ Fcr Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
: MEr_Sr^^ Jan * 1 ' 6 ' n ' 16, 21- 26 ,1:
i fc-^\{^S|\%g Feb. 0; change at Seattle.
n__9_^l_«Ml For Victoria, Vancouver. (B.
I f_-___*______3 C.). Port Townsend. Seattle,
H Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.),
10 a. m.. Jan. 1, 6. 11, 16. Jt,
"6 31 Feb. 5. and every fifth day thereafter;
change at Seattle to this compai.y*B steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry., at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m., Jan. *,
9, 14, 19, 24, 29. Feb. 3, and every fifth day
thereafter. - • _-__. *.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Blmeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford, (San Luis Obispo),
Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. Jan. 4, 8, 12. 16, 20, 24. 28,
Feb. 1, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping <.nly at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m., Jan. 2. 6, 10. 14. 18. 22. 28, 30, Feb. S. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Joee del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., Jan. 12, Feb. 9.
Mar. 9. Apr. 6. <***- -"•:.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change,
without previous notice, steamers, sailing dates
arid hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE—4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC $-2 First Class Including Berths
rHnL 58 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia sails Jan. 3. 13, 23, Feb. 2.
State of California sails Jan. 8. 18, 28, Feb. 7.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
fararoogafll s. s. Australia
Ife a_SSrf|L sails for Honolulu
I ■*S|' raaß " W Wednesday, January
=4 11. 1899, at 2 p. m.
Q*^/rX.r, \ The S ' S - MARL
rMC<7i|SRD- ; -POSA salls v la Hono-
%„L lulu and Auckland for
(Offl63R_r Sydney Wednesday.
v*»lli*T.MlWl| Jan. 25, at 10 p. m.
Line to COOLGARIE, Australia, and CAPB
TOWN, South Africa.
' J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— 327 Market St., San Francisco.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantiqus.
(French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS _^1_
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42, North ________B
River, foot of Morton street.
LA CHAMPAGNE Jan. 14
LA BRETAGNE Jan. 21
LA NORMANDIE..... .Jan. 28
LA GASCOGNE Feb 4
LA CHAMPAGNE Feb. U
First class to Havre, JGS and upward, 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second class to
Havre, $45, 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA, 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 8
Montgomery aye., San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
TOYO KISEN KAISSI
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. Ip. m for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MARU Wednesday. Jan. 25
AMERICA MARU Tuesday, Feb 21
HONGKONG MARU ...Friday, March 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First. *
• .. W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
TOUR WITH COURIER TO
JAPAN AND CHINA
Leaving San Francisco Feb. 11, 1899.
Send for book containing full particulars.
■ RAYMOND & W HITCOMB, ':y.y;
61 Crocker building, San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
TorT sT lfivif^™
v Steamer "Monticello."
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat
9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (3:30 p. m. ail" Thu"^'
Fridays 1 p. m and 8:30 p. m
«_. i*.' .............10:30 a. m.and I *£. 2"
**-*ndlng and offices— Mission Dock. Pi*!
I Telephone Main 15QS. i * * -S. N. CASTLE ON
HER BEAM ENDS
IN A HURRICANE
"fcfeck Load Is Washed
fp//- Overboard.
y/7
;; : '.H : XO A VERY NARROW ESCAPE
UtARBOARD RAIL WAS UNDER
.7}''vWATER TWELVE HOURS.
/■'y'^EJyi cf the Opposition on the Alviso
• -v., ;• :.7Ruu — Two Notorious Thieves
•• v '7:'*7 [./. Arrested on the Water
' -77V7'*"'' Pront.
-77**7'!t : h" e "^ ar ' Ien ""e S. N. Castle and the brig
: 7 *'7s'7-G7 Irwin, both from Honolulu, were
■*..".;. \v.jCswevl-.-In yesterday morning by the tug
. ' :: ' .I'SiVy-.td: Both vefs-Is hove in sight
yifppxt the same time, and as the captains
;*:■'•; ":'**■ erie; anxious to reaen port they came to
•;'/.• .•^.a t riii.tual understanding with the towboat
'■'■ . '7:.-^E:-*-*+* n * The i * Ti **' "*'* an ordinary pass
*.;..-„•;.;'a.-v*e'-c£ sixteen and a half days, but the
?."iC* 7*-3barkentin^ was caught in a west south
7': "'"j*::" 5 ?"- hurricane and was on her b.am ends
7;-. v'tJEoi -twelve hours.
.•'.'•• 77'-'^"*i:tj'irker.an.s S. G. Wilder and S. N.
■.""' 7 -.'.P^V'---' ' e ' t Honolulu In company, and both |
, \'ik-'pi *.-■*. McNe'u and Captain X ..board ex
.**. '/Vti^G ted to eat their New Year's dinner in ,
7 7 7v:**= : ijl'.f "rancisco. The Wilder reached here;
7-...'..:.. : -7t*t:;:.l>ecember 30, having escaped the gale
'■;;^*£*s|at\blew the Castle out of her course.
: /y./</y£.he storm caught us en December 22."
",_."'';.'•" jcai^TCaptain Hubbard yesterday, "when ;
: .?/*.*£& "..ji-ere. in latitude 31 north. longitude j
7 3^.*'-.v3^f;3o. west It blew _ living gale from the '■
.'■'.'■'■ :*_w.esi"*southwest and threw the barkentine ;
:.-*■ .'•■ .'cri'.-r.ei' beam ends first clatter out of the {
..-' .fcbi; For twelve hours the starboard rail |
.'*' was under water, and maybe we didn't!
.'••'.•have "a lively time of it. Thirty-nine bar
:'.'-"..*f-Is of moiasses broke loose and finally
;';' *• ■ overboard. Although ail this hap- ;
;. ;• --'peilfed 'on the 22d of December, the gale j
" : "Vegan three days Le.ore that. On Decern- ;
•■; .*ber 13 it was blowing hard, so the ship
.•"• tvas put under lower topsails and close ;
'-.•'■".reefed jnairi sails. Or. December 22 it was
. c ' a hurricane, so the barkentine
• w:as -hove to. It was while we were hove i
.*" :.. *to ".that she went over on £er beam ends
.■■" land, lay there with her sail under water:
■•.•<" 'ter hair a day. I have been a good many [
• *'• '.years in the Hawaiian trade, but never in ;
*•*•:. -ja-gale on that run that equaled thia one in
f '*'• -orce."
V ■-•■•'..• :-3Je Castle docked at Pacific-street;
* what.- yesterday and does not bear many
■ * froarks". of her tussle with the elements. !
; './IL-u'ckiiy her cargo of su^ar could not shift, j
"■•' :** pr else, aii on board wouid have been in a ;
•■•.serious predicament when the vessel:
. *'. ••heeled- over.
.' = - |7. A1l of the vessels south of M-_rket street ;
..•.■/•go**; ready fcr a southeaster yesterday. A
' . 'storm "dangerous to navigation" has been
. I.', predicted and a failing barometer warned !
V as hip • 'captains to remain in port. At 91
*• i / a-.''*{n. the barometer stood at 'Jf.'.lO and at ;
* ."4 £>.- rrr.'-it had dropped to iS.'??. Ail vessels ;
* at-Jthe wharves between the Mail dock and ■
.' • -M.-ssion street got out extra mooring lines.
;•' : Wc.i vessels ia the stream put out their j
•'..' vjje's- ; bowers. Scows laden with hay;
.-. \ljco-ved from the hay wharf to more shel
'. : ; .*:efed -places north of Market, and a fleet j
'.•wf-. coasters that were to have sailed re- !
•... -/'.haaihed in port. The steamer Aeapulco, for {
•!* *<"'- atral America ports, went out at noon.
. '.-.and. she may run out of the storm or run j
.._* right into it. . - . ■•
..';,- .-.The only steamer left on the Alviso run !
'. , •' Cs.-<fc'e*F. iL Smith. A tew months ago
: '.- • -.1- fcWWere three v«--«?e.s in opposition— the •
* :'' A~*Hso. San Jose and Smith. The San Jose !
* •.;;..v.-;j«s the first to be drawn off. but when!
.: .Vthe'.'Alviso had to be - taken off for an I
*' • Gjverhaulire and new boilers the San Jose \
♦' •tf-ok'her place. Saturday night the San ;
. -<Jo_e smashed up her paddle wheel and \
■ -,**, "other damage to herself, and now she
\ i_ to. be .withdrawn, so the Smith will be
* left with the run to herself.
', .'-. H. T. MiddWon. who has made himself;
* very "riopular on the water front during
••"_ the past few years as "outside man" for
" • Mevcr, Wilson" & Co.. leaves ir: a day or!
'•".so for Portland to attend to the firm's;
• affairs there. Mr. Middteton will be i
'■"'•■' mis.cd in -fhippir.sr circles, but his many ;
frien;is are pleased to hear of his promo- j
:•■= •. tioiv:
7 : '. Officer George Lake of the Harbor Po- j
:■■ lice arrested "Cocky".* Nelson, alias Gus
.." IVJJIt-xns. and William P.yan for stealing:
, .' '■• tony pounds of lead from George Rundei,
'..*.•« -.'on. Steuart street, yesterday. They are
'.'■ '-also. suspected of stealing an anchor chain
V ." from one of the State dredgers. When
* "• searched at the Harcr Police station a
' . letter from Al Peterson, who Is now serv
." . lr.g a sentence in the Fresno County Jail,
w.as 'found on Ryan. It was written on a
• letter-head of the Superintendent of Pub
"' "ire Schools of Fresno County, and was In
■ ' closed in an envelope on which was print- .
7 •' "cd. "Return to Alva E. Snow. District At- |
torhey. Fresno County." In the letter
• '.'■• Peterson told Ryan to send money, as ne *
.'• .'could buy whatever he wanted; also to
come up about January 1. when the guards ,
''"'., 'were changed. and to bring "plenty of.
* = coin,"iand he would have no trouble In;
•" : g.-tting in.
.*'•.-. '"•'The gunboat Yorktown sails to-day fori
.'•• *' .'Manila via Honolulu. She will go all tbe :
'•.-.wav under a full head of steam, and;
' '•' Vhould make the run in three weeks if she
•■-. •'•'. i-*."riot delayed at Honolulu. She Is tne
a •*"."■'/ bearer of full instructions to Admiral
*'•" '-. -Dr.wev and Genera! Otis in regard to the
,• • '.Situation in the Philippines.
: • -.-.• •
■•'; * * MINISTERIAL CONFERENCES.
", •'•''&:_ Election of Officers Held by the
Presbyterian Union.
'.--..-; "T;he principal work transacted at the
■"''■■••Vsripus weekly ministerial conferences
* :-:'.- : y'eirterday' was the framing of various
• * • .r7&slutions protesting against the election
v'-df." -Colonel D. M. Burns to the United
■ '".States Senate" In fact, there was hardly
7'-"«Ca-y- of tbe usual work discussed at any
. .7* v.-*7fhe" meetings. However, an election of
••; -.-..'■ held by the Presbyterian Mm;
-* /.'iis'terial': Union. The following were those
■■'■feissnr President. Rev. Dr. J. D. Brush:
; *'Vi-e president. Rev. T. F. Burnham; sec
•''V':?<=> ary and treasurer. Rev. J. Woodworth:
'"x.'cuti.ve committee — Dr. S. S. Cryor,
* .'IU*.. .H;. N. Bevier and Rev. E. E. Clark.
7. ..'-'-A' resolution was introduced before the ,
7•• '■.conference by James McDonald of Oak- i
. ."land condemning the candidacy of Colonel i
-.* : -**i3hrns:
following resolution approving the!
'.••'proposed amendment to the constitution
.-**. 'for the exemption of churches and chapels
77 *t>sed. exclusively for divine worship from
> '•' "public" tax was passed:
-. A'FJesolved.' That this union h«*arti!y ap
... ..proves of the proposed amendment to the i
...^constitution of the State of California
"providing for the exemption from public :
.. tax ;of churches and chapels used exclu- j
' Hive"! j* for diVine worship and the real
. .e*s-ate upon which they ar? erected. And -
••'we- respectfully ask that tne Legislature
s'-übrhit the proposition tc the people for
•.-'■
. "■•' Immediately after the meeting ad-
' journed a lecture on the subject of "Mis
"•. •-i'onarv'" Work in Japan" wajs delivered
' " ■"'before the assembled Presbyterian minis-;
.' ;.. t-.-f-s by the celebrated Irish evangelist, f
Nefdham, in the association auditorium
" en -Mason and Ellis streets.
.Aside from the introduction and . lop- j
' ".(ion "of resolutions against tiie election of'
: Biifns, there was ilttte or no work trans
.. «vc f ed by the Congregational and Method- j
/...•-"INVESTIGATING MOORE.
* •7 Accused of Having Made Public the {
V 777 -'Doings of the Chinese Bureau.
'.'•'• 7'Spticra'' Agents Linck and Smith pro- j
* -7". r:-'dj--d to examine witnesses yesterday in t
l. .>•« thi'. matter -of the charges against Major!
"" r .. •. il : ri"ar^. There are two charges against !
■ ' .thi -major, one of attempting to be too;
, "• ' 7 mtttar with his typewriter and the |
*A- 7- c/her of.c. which in the eyes of the ay- j
■ •'•e*a'g_ Federal officer seems to he a more j
": : £--*r*o'us offehse, telling newspaper report- j
. • --era' about the mismanagement or worse
"•which prevails in the Chinese Bureau.
Sb?*!**' ''Cb_ne_« Inspectors Dr. Gardiner and 1
John Lynch were before the special
agents en this matter yesterday, but they
were forbidden to reveal what they had
testified to. They will be examined at
greater length to-day.
Meredith denies that he reported to the
Secretary of the Treasury thai the arti
cles in the newspapers concerning his
management had been actuated by spite
because he had refused to give them the
news. He says that he ha= charged that
the articles are the outcome of stories
told by Moore.
— ■ -» ■ ■ j
THE NICARAGUA WATERWAY.
Hugh Craig Says the Canal Scheme
Is Assured.
Hugh Craig, president of the Chamber
of Commerce, has just returned from
Washington, where he has been, for six
week's in the interests of the Nicaragua
canal and other matters affecting the j
commerce of the Paeiiic Coast. He speaks j
enthusiastically of the reception he re
ee'ved by the heads of the several depart- ;
ments with which he had business. Mr. :
Craiir is satis that the canal project
Will be carried through with success, for
while ther* are many features and side
issues to be considered by the members
RAIL UNDER AND DECK LOAD GONE.
THE barkentine S. N. Castle has been expected from Honolulu since the last week in December. She
and the S. G. "Wilder sailed about the same time and the latter got in December 30. Over a week be
fore that time the Castle had been caught in a west-southwest hurricane -which lasted for three days.
During its continuance she was thrown on her beam ends and lay for twelve hours with her starboard
rail under water.
of Congress, still all favor its ownership
and management by the Government.
Most of the opposition comes from. those
interested in the Panama canal - heme,
but the opposition Is not regarded seri
ously.
Mr. Craig called upon Grace & Ayre,
who hold the private canal concession
from the Nicaraguan Government. This
concession includes not only the canal
route, but about 3,000.000 acres of land ly
ing along the line of the canal. Mr. Ayre
tcld Mr. Craig that there is a big syndi
cate in New York ready to build the ca
nal and that the money is ready to begin
operations at once. Mr. Ayre takes the
position that if the United States Gov
ernment intends to build the big water
way it will have to buy off Grace &
Ayre first. Mr. Craig called th*- gentle
man's attention to the fact that it is
hardly likely that one man or firm could
stand in the way of the Government in
such an Important matter if Uncle Sam
decides to go ahead. Mr. ral| met Pres
ident Inglesias of Costa Rica, who said
that the canal should never be built under
the Grace concession, as his country will
never consent to having, any but the
United States own and operate the big
waterway. .He . believes that perpetual
peace will never, exist between his coun
try and Nicaragua nntil the United.
States owns the strip of land between the
two countries.
The Biter Bit.
Henry Wolf run. a baker. living at 2123
Mason street, had Mrs. Mary Schweiger.
a neighbor, arrested early Friday morning
on a charge of disturbing the peace. He
was so anxious for her arrest that he got
Policeman Crowley to drag her out of bed.
When the case was called Saturday morn
ing .Wolf run failed ta appear, .-•1 a bench
warrant was issued for his arrest. He
was arrested, and gave JIOO cash bail.
Yesterday morning, when the case was
called in Judge Graham's court, Ifrun
was present, and the Judge, after, de
nouncing; him for his. conduct In havin?
the woman dragged out of her bed and
then not appearing to prosecute her. fined
him $10 for contempt of court and- dis
missed the case against Mrs. Schweiger.
lAil^ar tailT-tr.ad-% suits. Far capes, -leaks.
credit. .*.: Rothschild. TU Sutter St.. r. 6 and T.
In the Divorce Courts
Mary Clark was granted a divorce from
Grant Clark yesterday on the ground ot
extreme cruelty. Plaintiff was allowed
to resume her maiden name. Algren. Ju
lia A. Matthews was. granted a divorce ;
from Edward A. Matthews on the ground
of willfui neelect. Suits for divorce were
filed yesterday by Daniel S. Goodeil
against Minnie L. Goodeil on the ground
of cruelty; Emma Hanley against Her
bert F. Hanley on the ground of deser
tion, and Alice H. Franz against George ;
Franz on the ground of failure to pro
ride.
MRS- CHARLES McQUEWAN, Who Was Found by Her
Mother Hanging to a Wardrobe.
THE SAX FEAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 10, 1599.
LIFE NO USE
TO HERSELF OR
TO HER FRIENDS
Death of Despondent
Mrs. McQuewan.
A TRUNK-STRAP FOR A HALTER
"WAS A DAUGHTER OF UTAH'S
SUPREME JUDGE.
Her Husband a Prominent Business
Man at Grand Rapids, Mich.
A Letter of Explana
i tion.
Mrs. Charles McQuewan, the only
daughter of Judge J. A. Miner of the Su
preme bench of Utah, committed suicide
just before the hour of noon yesterday at
the Hotel Renton, 712 Sutter street. She
suspended herself from the corner of a
large wardrobe by means of a trunk strap
and slowly strangled to - .th. When last
seen she was in a bright and cheerful
mood -and gave no evidence of the mental
depression which is supposed to have
caused her mad act.
Mrs. McQuewan, in company with her
mother, registered at the Renton from
Salt Lake City on December 20. She came
here for the benefit of her health. .
Yesterday morning her mother departed
to take a walk. About the time of her de
parture her daughter arose and an hour
after the chambermaid entered to make
up the bed. Mrs. McQuewan insisted upon
helping her. sayiner the exercise would do
her good. This woman was the last per
son who saw Mrs. McQuewan alive.
About 12 o'clock the unsuspicious moth
er returned and discovered her daughter's
| lifeless form suspended from the ward
robe. The Coroner was sent for and found
; the following letter on the desk:
Dearest mamma and all: I am simply no
j use to you or myself. My m:r..i is almost en
j tirely enne and rathsr than be a burden upon
your hands and a torment to myself I have
t persuade.! myself it is best to do as I have
j done. Do not be sorry, but glad that th?
t end came so soon, and do not mourn for me
!at all. Rather try to think of me as I used
; to be. It la terrible to have this change come
I over one. and the only way to avoid it Is to
j keep tn the current of divine love and power.
j which is strength and happiness. Mabel, I
i want your life to be beautiful and serene and
i happy. Never entertain an unhappy thought,
i as it will Inevitably lead to destruction. Papa
j and mamma have always been so good and
i kind, but my mental power waa not right, and
j it was best to go. Mi* God forgive me. Dear
j little Marlon— have her go ba:_ to her father
and have him see that she ls surrounded by
love and tenderness, and that her mind will
! be harmoniously developed tnat she will radiate
j all the beautiful qualities of mind and soul. If
| I lived I should be an unhappy reminder of
' her. Not to be able to be of uaa to one's
; child! Darling Marion, may four life be a.
; reflection of the Infinite that will Inspire others
j to hope and courage.
To each of my dear friends give some m*
■ mento of me with my love. How much bet-
I ter off the world Is without such as I. poor,
■ weak individual beings. Let me be buried
j where you come often.
j Good-by, all my dear ones.
j The woman had never hinted at suicide.
f but it is thought the note explains the
j motive for the taking of her own life.
: Some are inclined to think that domestic
: strife may have preyed upon her mind and
: may have been an indirect cause of the
j affair. She resided at Grand Rapids.
j Mich., with her husband, and had a little
i daughter, Marion, in Salt Lake. She was
j32 ___ of age. The mother is prostrated
with grief.
She "Was Demented.
GRAND RAPIDS, Jan. 9.— Mrs. Charles
McQuewan, who committed suicide in San
Francisco to-day. was the wife of a promi
nent young lumberman in this city. They
were married in Ogden in October, 1i.2,
and on their way to this city she mani
fested such evidences of dementia that it
was necessary to remain in Chicago until
the arrival of her mother from the "West.
She was taken to a private retreat at
Flint for treatment, and upon her dis
charge a few months later came here and
became prominent in local society.
Last summer signs of the old malady
again became manifest, and in October,
with her baby daughter, she was sent
back to Utah, in the hope that the change j
would do her good. About a week ago,
with her mother, she left Salt Lake for j
San Francisco. Her husband did not i
know of her death until shown a disnatch ;
from The Call to-night. He attributes it
to her mental condition. Sirs. McQuewan j
was the daughter of Judge James Miner
of the Utah Supreme bench. He formerly j
lived in Marshall, Mich., and was weli j
known In Michigan political and legal cir- |
cles. The daughter was young and good
looking and highly accomplished.
•
Domestic Infelicity,
SALT LAKE. Jan. 9.— Judge Miner, who
leaves for San Francisco to-night, be
lieves that there must be some mistake
over the reported death of his daughter.
Mrs. McQuewan. The lady was well
known here, having been married in Og
den some six years ago. She has never
lived happily with her husband and has
had her share of domestic trouble. While
in this city, some weeks ago, Mrs. Mc-
Quewan went into society, but her strange
actions were remarked upon on several
occasions. She has suffered greatly of
late from nervous prostration and insom
nia. Neither Judge Miner nor members of
his family can discuss the case. Domestic
infelicity, however, can be the only
cause. ________^___
A SOUTHEASTER ON
THE BAY AND FRONT
BUMPING THE EXPOSED CRAFT
TOGETHER.
' \ '
The Wachusett Drags Her Anchors
Into the Fairway and Comes
Afoul the Telegraph Cable.
A southeast gale, blowing fifty miles an
hour, bringing with it heavy showers of
rain, howled up the bay a portion of last
night. The shipping at the wharves on
the southern water front was exposed to
the force of the storm and the small fry
fleet of vessels passed the night thump
ing and grinding against the dock tim- :
bers, '•■:■• ~y-. !
. At Little Main street wharf two big j
i lighters tried to demolish each other and |
; in a measure succeeded. Their rails were
splintered in the even warfare and their !
architectural beauty was very much (
spoiled. Several schooners in Mission j
j Bay dragged in close to the beach and, 1
bunching- together, spent the night kick-
I ing each other in the sides.
At ? o'clock in the evening the gale was
I at Its height, blowing about fifty miles !
i an hour and full of rain, but from that '
! time It fell rapidly to half that speed.
! Precautions had been taken aboard the j
( large vessels moored in the bay against I
1 the blow and all held to their anchorage [
j except the ship Wachusett. which was 1
I anchored just south of the ferry fairway. '
■ About S o'clock she began to drag and,
although a second anchor was let go, she
worked down until she fouled the tele
graph cable, where she now lies with her
I mud hook hanging to the great wire rope. .
SCHOOL CLASSES
AND TEACHERS
THAT MUST GO
The Historical Act of'
January 4.
"UNASSIGNED"' MEANS NO PAY
AT LEAST FIFTY TEACHERS
WILL BE DROPPED.
Principal Hamilton of the Lincoln
School Will Recommend the
Consolidation of Four
Classes.
The work performed last *U**ednesday
evening by the new San Francisco Board
of Education will go down In the history
of this city as "the act of January 4."
While not a matter of such moment as
that event which is celebrated on the
same day in July, still it is the declaration
of an intention which, if adhered to, will
overturn a few superfluous chairs In the
Department of Education and lop off a
few of the parasites that have been fat
tening on the tree of knowledge in this
overburdened municipality. As it is, a
revel".* with reformation walking close
behind is knocking at the schoolhouse
door. There is a clucking and a cluttering
among certain teachers whose skeleton
classes are doomed to go a-glimmering,
leaving somebody on the "unassigned
list."
In the days of the old board of mal
odorous memory the "unassigned list"
had no terrors. A teacher whose name
was written thereon was favored of. for
tune. The job stopped, of course, but the
pay went on, like Tennyson's brook, "for
ever." But. according to the act of Jan
uary 4 and Superintendent Webster's
statement yesterday, both salary and
situation will be unassigned in the case
of those teachers whose classes drop well
below fifty pupils. Mr. Webster declares
that in no case will a salary continue for
one day when a teacher ceases work.
This is one iarge feature of the cyclone
that is revolving round the ears of
teachers whose classes were created only j
for the purpose of giving them a job.
It is believed by those who are well
acquainted with school matters of this
city that fully 103 classes will be lost in
the great shuffle and that the numb* of
teachers will be counted out. This will
happen if the reformers grow not weary
in well doing. But in any case, fifty
classes will be dropped and the pupils as
signed to other classes when the Board of
Education considers the reports from
principals, which are now being prepared.
Not only will the class-crowded schools of
the city center be weeded out, but the
smaller schools of the suburbs will re
ceive the attention of the consolidators.
A number of these semi-country institu
tions have classes in detached buildings,
and in many cases these classes are mere
skeletons, affording the teacher what is
known as a "soft thing." This is the case
of the Bay View School, corner of Thir
tieth and "Railroad avenues. It is really
a new class of twenty-five pupils, in a
small building about a half mile from the
Burnett Primary School. The little Bay
View class is the child of Sam Wailer,
who slated a favorite for the $60 job just
before he became an unpleasant memory
i with his fellows. That primary school
will probably die in its infancy.
There are three, and possibly four.
classes in the Lincoln Primary of the
fourth, fifth and seventh grades that at
this early date are marked for slaughter.
Yesterday about 650 pupils were in at
tendance and these are divided into six
teen classes. These four vacancies will
save the city $2760 in salaries ad in other
expenditures that will lift the total sav
ing to $3»>jo annually. Not bad for the
first principal's report.
The John Swett Grammar School has
an enrollment of P3S pupils with an at
tendance of about Si*). One class will fade
out of its nineteen— a saving of probably
$1000 a year.
The Hamilton Grammar School has an
attendance of about 743 pupils ln seven
teen classes, making an average of forty
four scholars each. Principal Robertson
: explains this low average by stating that
many of his classes were crowded into
little" rooms and consequently anything
like reclassification was not practicable.
When the reclassifiers get at that school
about three of those classes will lose their
individuality, making another saving of
; about $-000 a year.
The Denman Grammar School has ioo
: pupils in sixteen classes and one of them
will be dropped. Principal Mann reports
: that two of his first grade classes have a
i minimum strength of forty. The different
j principals will make full reports to the*
i Superintendent to-morrow concerning the
| number of pupils in their respective
; schools, together with recommendations
! regarding the classes to be merged into
j others. Where no recommendations are
made the Superintendent will make them
! and the Board of Education will pass on
; his report at its next meeting.
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Eush an. Larkin It* Swimming. Russian, _:'.
and cold tub _cth». Saltwater direct trom an
Referee in Bankruptcy.
United States District Judge de Haven
! yesterday appointed E. L. Webber referee
! in bankruptcy for the county of Napa.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
& WM
' .'____r___3a* *^_P*T_K_Jffl_'.
I' -
No ordinary beer can excel in fine
flavor and taste.—lt takes the extra
ordinary "Blatz" to do so and there-
by prove its superiority in purity and
high quality.
Yu..Blatz Brewing Co.
MILWAUKEE. U.S.A.
Louis G_h_n & Son, Wholesale
Dealer*, 416-418 Sacramento Street,
San Francisco.
: i — ■
j :
, Wriilifs Indian YeptaWa Pill.
I Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
i have u.ed them for over forty years to cure
1 PICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS. CONSTIPA-
', TION. Torpid Liver. Weak Stomach. Plrnpies
j and portly the blood.
I Grossman's Specific Miitir.
With this remedy percons '.-an cure them-
t selves without the least exposure, change of
' diet or change ln application to busineaa. The
'< medicine contains nothing of the least injury
•to the constitution. Aak your druggist for it.
i Price Jl - bottle.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Overworked?™!--*^
T X? __ f 1 V 7 _L JL__ *^7 -Va \ii ■>tr2 r^f^*^7\ H W **_&
B m W^^^ts^^^rtS**^ n,e Weai French Tonic
FOR BODY ANO BRAIN
*^ E _: a !563, BB " scaed _T Medical Facu:-.y
immediate lasting efficacious agreeable
AUCTION SALES,
ELEGANT NEW OAK FURNITURE,
RICH CARPETING,
Contained in Thirty Newly Furnished Rooms.
No. 'M GRANT AYE.. NEAR POST,
TO-DAY TUESDAY) AT 11 A. M.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, 5C2 Market st.
Strong Drink is Death
SB W^M AtysLuf I
DR. CHARCOT'S TONIC TABLETS
are the only posltlrely jparanteedTemedy for the
Drink Habit. Nervousness and Melancholy cause-
by *tron# drink.
WE (.IARA-VTEE FOVR BOXES
to core any case witnapoeltlTetvrittrn guar-
antee or refund the nicney, and to destroy the
appetite tor intoxicating liquor?.
TBE TABLETS CAN BE GIVEN WITHOUT
KNOWLEDGE OF THE PATIENT.
STRONG DRINK caoa^aM'aery. Poverty
OinUrtO Uliirllkana _>«-ath. Trpan ne
ot 110.00 tts win ntail yea focr [4] bOTe* an^ p«sl-
Qt<s -written K_aras to cere or reXsn*:
_^wir -r^.-inej. c '- - - ' r **
GEORGE DAHLBENDER & CO., Sole Agta., ;
214 Kearny St.. San Francisco. '
COKE! COKE! COKE!
Ip. a. Mcdonald,
813 FOLSOM STREET,
Telephone South 24.
P-aler and Importer of all brands of COKE. \
Yards at HOWARD AND HE-JUS STSL
q Visit OR. JOROAM'S Gre*t
fXm Museum of Anatomy
jMrll 1051 _!__-__- ST.W 6th* T_Cs.F.C_li
'■ £ 5 a The laqpsMfMsk-S-tßt-aVart-i
I ls____-\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
W { -i^Phiiosophy of Marriage.
HALL'S REINViaORATOR
&?*^" K^^ F»>e bandrtd reward tor any cass
Ja__i ---3 *c cannot cure. This secret remedy
I B X Ftcps ail losses in 24 hours, cures
■■I BB Emissions, Impotency, Varicocels.
j Wfl J^Tn Conorrhoea, =«*-. Fits. Strictures.
j _C_a maULt Lost Man'r. and all ••.__:.-_ -.'.-
-i^ij^jß^] ft->:t_:f relf-ibuse cr excesses. Sent
j -S-___-fis_? sealed. J. bottle: 3 bottles.Ji; suar-
■ anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL LV-
! ETITUTE. 553 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Alas
: for sale at 10T3U Market st.. S. F. All pri-
! vate diseases, quickly cured. Send for free bock.
S V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
; A^rtft^fJSoKEAßXVfcT. Established
i a Dr. Gibboii*s Dispensary,
H'J.% KEARXY ST. r • ir* If
1894 tar tha treatment f I s;tas9
! /vi ii^k-^CT Diseases. Loet Manhood. Debility or
' £j?_S2p'tf??3?i -iseasewearingonbodyandmlndand
, r '' ii " Dtseases. Thedoctorcureswhen
I Z_S''t 7 iJStJ&y rithersfalL Try him. Charges l.w
_^________3 (grngsaranieed. Callorwrite.
»r. J. I. _IBBC\, Box I»37,ia,aFraadsca
i -
KAjXHOAJ* TRAVEL
ciLffOßmi NORTBVESTER.N fiiTci
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tifcuron Ferry, Foe; al __arkot St
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
TrEEK DATS— 7:JO. .:00. *.. M a. m.; I_:S5,
3:30. 5:10. €.20 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1-iO
and ll:3o p. m.
SUNDATS— B:». »:30. 11:*) a. ex; 1:30. »:*».
S:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:IO, 7:50, S:». 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
3 *. . 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:5. and 6:35 P. m.
SCNDAY6— S:IO. 9:43. U:10 a. m.; !:««. 3:«.
i:CO. £ -Ii P- m.
Retween San Francisco and Schuetsea Park
same schedule ab-ve.
Leave Arrive
Ean Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
1 October l«.
We-_ J Sun- ISSS. Snn- 1 "Week
I" Daj-3- ( lays [ Deatir.atioc. days. | Days.
7:Soam; S:oOamf *- at-. 10:40 am', 8:4-) am
! 1:30 pm 9:30 an-f Petaluma. 5:1) pmi 10 :S am
' i:V>r s:oCpn* Santa Rosa, 7:35 pmj 8:22 pta
Fulton, j
7:30 am Windsor. |10:25an>
Ii Healdsburs,
Winds ;!.:'->-_•
. -rt.
lortt
j Geyserville.
l:3Cpm 8:00 am Cicverdaie 7:35 pm B:3 pa
' ; HopUnd and
IJOsa M»a_n Ukiah. 7:35pm 6:22pm
7:30 am] 10:25 am
S:Coam Guernenlle. 7:35 - r ~
1:30 pm [8:22 pm
1:30 am] 8:00 am Sonoma ',10:40 ami 8:40 am
( ( and t
8:10;: s:Copm] Glen Ellen, j 6:10 pm 6:22 pa
7:35 am! 8:00 am) Seba-topcl. [Io:4<;'am 10:2Saa
1:30 pmi I:Coprr.! f 7:35 pm! 23pa
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton fcr Lytton Springs: at Gey-
MrrfUc for Skagz.^ Springs; at CtoTerdala for
: the Geysers, at Hopland for Duncan - -55..
Highland Spring., Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad
Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Deli Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
I John Day's. Riverside, Lierieys, B'tcknella
Fanhedrin Heights Hullville. Booneville. Git's
Hot Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal. Wlllitts. Laytonville. Cum.
ding's. Bell's Springs, Harris. OUen's, Dysr.
Ecctia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
, reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates- . .
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St.. Chronicle bldg.
H. C. WHITING. * R. X- «TAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Sis? TA-ULPAiS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalito Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday.
Rett. U. 1898:
Week Days— 9:3o a. a... 1:45 p. m.
lays— «: 00. 10:00. 11:30 a m..> 1:11 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, $1.
THOS. COOK & SON. Agents, 621 Market
i ttreet, San Francisco.
>
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SOI'TIIKSX PACIVIC COM PAST.
irAtiric stbxbx.)
¥mln* lease »»_ ar« .lne I- arrive at
MAN m_M ON*.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street. i
tjATi — Faoic Dec. 13, 1836. — arritv
~*«Too* Nii-rs. Sac Jose and Way Stations... *9*43«
'.-.•Hi 1 Kruicia , Ssta— a and ci-cr__it:cto .*>:4.*>p
7:««i Ml Hia lirtnillea-d Keddiof via
Woodland 3r45*»
7:«Oa Elmlra, Vacariile and Rn-c sey «»:4.1r
7 :3 v a Maniuex, dan Ramon. Vallejo. Napa,
Cabal and Soata Rosa *il3p
>t:iio» Atlaatlc express Oglen and Tjut.. Btl3r
»::n>» -,» Jose, Livincore, ftt«cku>a,
loce, Sacrameuto. PiacerriHe,
Marysritle. Chicu, >> Rlulf 4tl»e
"»:_<' •Jli'.t-jn, Oakdale and Jamestown... 4ilsp
U:t>_ v Martinez. Tracy, Later ; "*:on.
M_n*4a-dVr_ai- It:!-*
»:OOa YirL B*kers_«W. Naiita Hir-iti.
Los Ac,-rla. Dealing. Ei Puo,
New Orleans and East 6543r
1 8:00 , TaQaJo, Martinez ar.l Way Stations .?:43r
l*-;OU_ NU-«. Livermc-re, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Maado-a, Hanford, Viaaiia,
P r-nrrfifa UlHr
•l:00.» Sa_ranicuto m»ai Blssiassa *>:••?
4-in»i M Bri >-. -i Kauion, Valleju, .
Napa, Uaßat-ca, Santa It -•_ »:l_»
4sO«r Benicia, Vxcaiille. .^aeraiiieiita,
Woo-tlaad. Knights landiDg,
Mar}-5TiUe, f)ro»iilr «•:.;»*
4:30r Niles, San Jnse and Stockton T:l3r
S.t«)?sii. Francisco and Los Angles
Limited. Fresno. BikersSe:i hi*
Angeles »:45v
3:30p St.ickioa, K_R»l I*l SUM) 1*:15»
3:3»i- Mar-.iuez, Tr-cy, . ta Fresno.
M ".'- Santa i..\rhara and :...«
Aii-t-it-d » 4*»a
I5:OOP Pacific Ccan Limited. El Paso,
art Worth. Little Rock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East !9:.5A
i»:3ar rtania Xt 1: t, \.._..iiu aspress
far Mojate aid Kmi o:|."kp
ffsttOr Kitr>peau MaU, <>.<!«- and l'.iai.... U:4*>«
6:04»? Haywaria. Niles an>i San lose 7:43*
*«:OBi- Valtejo 18:l3f
t7iO«p V»:>;\ Part Costa and Way Sta-
tions '.9:t*»P
S:»«|-|!I-|(C:. K«|.n_»,S»crArnei.t«. *»rj»-
»Hle Re-Lling. rurtla:.-!. rngat
>....::.'. »-i.; KaKt si la*
■ 1 •:«-'l r Sunset Limited. Fresno. I.os
Acgelea _ Pa««, New Orleans
ant E it . . M;i3p
SIS LKA-Dtttl ITS iUIWIBUN I.tHH..
(Foot of Market Street.)
"I Jlelro«e, Seminary Park, (
51:00 a I Kltrhbarr, K!mhiir»t. 8:43*
t9:O«A San l.i'amlro. South San «»9:43»
lo.ttrt* "' J.f_n-.!ro. K«!;;iliilo, | lu:l3\
'll:*ii»«f Lorenzo, Cherry { l-:43r
3i»«p I as ,\ :1.-I3p
I-" Hajnard.. '_*.}.
.:»«p i EnM tbronil. to Nil •■*"
J : From Niles. _l
JOINT ll!>l»l«' >iirroiT i.jbs»i,
(Feet cf Market Streets
*: 1 3 a Si-wart -:.'..-:^:.. i Ban JoeeJelfcJO,
Boulder i.V ek, Saa ta Crei and Way
Stations . . . S:**. 1
*3:13p Newark. Cecterrille, San fc_a_fc_
(11— Frlton, Bcalder Creek,
Santa Croz __-! ' iTindjiU Wa;
Stations Mtfi.-W*
4:1 " Niwirk San Joia and Lo!> flatcs... »:*•*
(11:4. Hnnters' I'sctirs.-'s. San Jos. as -J
Way -t-: :~-.*or
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
1 .'ram Si 1 rancisco— rMt «r »»r-«t ssrMnsa»i)—
•7:15 9:CO ll:ont.V. tI:S3 *2::: t3:C*}
*4:c: t.::c •S:::-.*-.
.»rutl>— rMlsfßfMiwij.— 'B:oo B*oo 10.00t.a.
~tu-.zz *Xroa :::: ■: :: ti::: •::::?.».
COAST DIVISION ( Rroad Uaa-fe).
(Third a: d Townsemj -:■
7:«(>» San .!,!*• a.^il tV . .Susi.n.s (New
Alinaden Wednesdays only) !:_♦»
»:•*« San Josa l"re« HilM, Santa Cr>«.
Pacilic 'leite. l'asn Unities. Sau
Luis ()I.!s|m>. tiua<i_u;- Surf m ■'•
lVinciiwd Way Ktatietna 4:tar
l»:4a« San .Tnaa a War SUtiiwis •*=•-*
!___-»* San Jise an-i War Stations *:13*
*2:43rsan Mateo. Redwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Haa Joae,
Gllr-jy. Hoi lister. Sauta Crui.
S_ lluaa, Monterey ami Pacilic
itrore 'la^-i
•3:Sf>r San Jeee and Way Stations *9:OOa
•t:l3f SanJo-ea.-iJ Principal War Stations 9:43*
*3:AAp San Jose and Prir.cipa! War Stations «:3.»a
,^.-:sn San.lose ami Principal War stations 5:30?
b:_o- Saa Jos* and Way Stations ~-.%»r
•11:43r S.i Jose ami War '■»:■. 1-.ZO?
A for Morning. I* foe Afternoon.
' *Smi4ar» cowtal t Snnuars only - "■»-. -. i■■' itj ouly
'. fTMondajs an: Thursdays. aTas_day>aa_ Satnrdara.
•ISatu'-I «:» *n 1 WsJnes-lays. 6Thnrjd<vs and Sundays.
California
Limited
Santa fe Route
■ Conneclins Ov/i Train Leaves _>an
Francisco via Los Angeles at 5
P. M. every -SUNDAY. TUES-
DAY, FRIDAY^
Arrives !n Chicago at 9:52 A. M. tha
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at 1:30 P. M* Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Electrio
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train is in Addition to the Daily
Overland Express.
Sil FBAICISCO TICKTIFfiCE—ia VIBKEI Si
TELEPHONE MAIN ialU
Oiklacd o£ce— lllB Broadway.
S_cr»_:e_to OSos— 2.l J S_r9«4.
San Josa OSes— Ws3t Santa Clara SV
| HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Satuaiito Ferry.
f FROM SAN" FKAN«_ta_u IO MILL VALLET
AND SAN" Rafael.
WEEK DATS— I:2O. •»J_, U:oi> a. m.; n:4i.
j 1:45. a:l5, *6:(». 6.» p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For San Ra.'aei on Mondays,
I Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. in.
BtTNDATS—^ v .0. «li:J0 a m. ; 1:13,
i 1:00. *4:30. 6:U p. in.
Trains marked * - .-. to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS—: S. •1:33. i:45. »B:3a a tn. :
I •!.:»)• i.n. »-I:4S. 5:05 p. m.
■ EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
; and Saturdays at --4-/ p. m.
I SUNDAYS— «:*>. m %:<X. IQ-.M. 11:55 a --»
; 1:15. •»:! 4:40. "J:*, p. m.
Trains marked * start from San Quentla.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. «:43. :55. 9:43 a. a.;
1.:55. 2:45. 3:5"}. 5.T0 p. in.
! EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
i and Saturdays at 7:00 ■■ m.
! SUNDAYS— B:OO. I.:C a. m. ; 11:06. 1:J0, i:«l
t:«C. 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAIN?
JJO am. week days Cazadero and way sta'aa
' 1:45 p.cj- Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
stations.
1 I:*) a.m. Sundays— Duncan Vlls and way sta* a.
THE SAN FRAHCISCO AND SAN JCAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
; From Nov. 10. U9», trains will run as follows:
i South-bound. I Nor'.n-bousd.
i _____
i Passes- Mixed. Mixed. [Paascn-
ger. . Sunday Sunday i gar-
: Daily. , Exc'ptd Stationa Exc'ptd; Dally.
|:M am' lo :33am Stockton 3:45. pm 5:50 73
10:l'>amf J:oSpm Merced 11:4-) pm! 4ns3ptn
> 11:49 axnt 5:30 pm Fresno »:3Q ami 2:32 pat
12:35 pm' T :45 pm Hanford 7:45 am; I.3ipia
: ISpm'.irarn BakersCeld 2 :3oam; 11 :25 am
■.!'■-.-"; - Vlsalla 6:4oam' I:lspm
StopptSK at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connection*
! Inquir* at Trarflc Manager's Office. 311 Marks*
j street. San Francisco.
Call, $1.00 urTnf
1112
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
MRS. BULLER
IN THE ROLE
OF ATTORNEY
Declares That She Is
Treated Harshly.
ROASTS AMERICAN LAW
PREPARED TO CONDUCT A
HASTY DIVORCE CASE.
In Spite of Her Pleading She Must
Remain the Wife of Buller
for at Least a
Month,
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, '
908 Broadway, Jan. 9.
Lady Tarde-Buller appeared as her own
attorney In Judge Ogden's court this
morning, the occasion being the trial of |
her divorce suit against her husband, who j
is at present at Bulawayo, South Africa. I
Yarde-Buller's attorney made a motion
to ' have the case continued as long as
possible, as his client is so far away, and
he wanted time to communicate with him. j
This aroused the anger of her ladyship,
and. stepping forward and facing the ,
court, she said: "I insist on having this j
case go to trial at once. 1 appear on my j
own behalf and desire no attorney. I !
Want this divorce on the grounds of deser- j
tion, adultery and failure to provide."
Attorney Neale. on behalf of Buller, ob
jected to her ladyship appearing as her
own attorney, claiming that it was a sub
stitution of counsel, inasmuch as there
was her counsel of cord. Judge Ogden
sided with her ladyship, and said there
was nothing in the statutes to prevent
any one appearing for himself at any
time.
When Neale's objection had been over
rule'!. Mrs. Yarde-Buller, with a dramatic
air she used to affect twenty years ago,
when one of Oakland's belles, said: "Wal
ter Yarde-Buller Is a fraud and a bank
rupt. He has fled to South Africa to es
cape his creditors in England. He has' no
right to draw a check for £20, and I don't
see how he can get money to pay an at
torney here. I have been upheld in my
case by the Judges in England, and I will
allow no extension of time, sir. 1 demand
that the trial proceed."
When her ladyship had finished her con
demnation of her husband Attorney Neale
repeated his motion for a long continu
ance. His claim was broken short by her
ladyship declaring that the attorney's
Btatement avis a lie, but the court de- j
cided to continue the case for thirty days. !
This temporary disposition of the suit j
caused Mrs. Buller to exclaim: "Oh, this
•Is A*ery unkind; it is unfair. I don't see I
why i should not be granted a orce. I j
don't see any justice in this proceeding."
She then walked out of the courtroom
and expressed her opinion of American
justice to her friends outside.
; Lady Yarde-Buller Is still living in a
little cottage in West Oakland, and it is
believed that an effort is being made to
again have her examined for Insanity.
A few weeks ago a newspaper solicitor
< ailed at her house on business, and was i
detained by her ladyship for a long time,
during which she poured all her troubles
into his ears and expressed a desire that
he stay longer and hear more. No sooner :
had the solicitor left the cottage than
some people living on the opposite side:
of the sir- went to him and asked him
to tell of her ladyship's actions. They ,
did not divulge the reason for their curi- ;
osity, but stated that the;,- were taking an
interest in Mrs. Yarde-Buller's doings at
the request of some members of her I
family. _____^_____
THE OLD SOLDIERS
DEMAND PRIMARIES
ARMY AND NAVY MEN GO ON
RECORD.
Declare Primaries to B_ the Only Re
publican Method of Elect
ing Delegates.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 9.
. . The old soldiers have made a demand :
for a primary of the Republican party to
elect candidates to the city convention. At
the annual meeting of Oakland Camp No.
3, Army and Navy League, the following
resolutions wer< adopted:
Whereas, The Republican party. In State !
t convent ion assembled. In 1596, mv its platform :
declared that in future all delegates to Re- I
publican nominated convention- should be j
chosen by primary election; and whereas, i
while open tv some abuses, primary elections |
result In a more nearly fair expression of the j
desires of the Republican voters than selec
tion of delegates by any other method; there
fore to It
Resolved, By Oakland Camp No. S. Army
and Navy Republican League, in meeting as
sembled this 7th day of January, 1599. that Aye !
demand that the City Republican Committee ;
call a primary election to select delegates to i
the coming city convention.
After the passage of the resolution Col- |
* onel ii. W. iloguet was elected for the
third term camp commander; N. S. Doug- [
la's was elected lieutenant colonel; Charles j
L. Pierce, major: Jacob Winkler, quarter
' mast, F. W. Little, officer of the day;
John Fitzmaurice, officer of the guard.
A. R. Denke's Insolvency.
OAKLAND, Jan. 9.— A. R. Denke, the
- old time real estate dealer and building
contractor of Alameda, has filed a peti- ■
tion in insolvency. His affairs are said
to be very much involved, as his liabili- j
ties amount to about $25,000 beyond avail- j
able assets. Denke has been in business
in Alameda for many years and has nego- '
tlated some very successful deals, but j
business with him the past few years has i
been dropping off and his creditors are i
now forcing him to pay up.
Last Friday Ingler & Atkinson levied ';
an attachment on some of his Alameda
• property and later the Puget Sound Lum- ,
• ber Company likewise levied an attach- I
ment on seven other lots and on Satur- \
... day Denke raised 52500 by executing ai
deed of trust on other property.
Another Incorrigible Girl.
OAKLAND. Jan. 9.— Mattle Anderson,
aged IG years, companion of Lizzie Af
fleck, the Incorrigible, who was committed
to Whittier last week, was placed in the
County Jail to-day on a charge of petty
larceny. She chides the Affleck girl for
causing her arrest, and it is probable that
She, too, will be committed to Whittier
■ The authorities are waiting to hear from !
her mother, who lives at Crockett. When •
the prisoner left her home she carried
: off some property that did not belong to
her. Afterward she was sent to Beulah
' Rome, but from there she ran away and
• was caught in a cheap lodging-house by
• _ a policeman.
Collins Has Disappeared.
OAKLAND, Jan. 9.— James W. Collins
formerly proprietor of the "Only Candy
t Kitchen" at 1704 Seventh street, has not
been seen in this city or heard from since
. December 7 last, when he disposed of a
half interest In his business. At that
time he was under the Influence of liquor
and asked his newly acquired partner to
help him quit the habit. Collins was a
middle-aged man. but nothing is known
• about his antecedents. He is crippled in l
. 'his lower limbs and walks with crutches. '
A Very Serious Charge.
: OAKLAND. Jan. 9.— Maria Machedo
and her mother of Pleasanton called at
the District Attorney's office to-day and
secured a warrant for the arrest of Wil
liam Ferry, also of Pleasanton. charging
him with criminal assault committed last
March. The girl Avill be 16 years of age
on the 21st Instant and recently became a
mother, but her child died. According
"to Mrs. Machedo the proposition was
made to young Ferry to marry tne girl,
but this he refused to do, and now the
girl's parents propose to send him to
State prison.
For Failure to Provide.
OAKLAND, Jan. 9.— Mrs. Henry May
swore to a complaint in the Police Court
to-day charging her husband with fail
ure to provide for herself and five chil
dren. The husband is employed in D.
Try's market at San Leandro and re
ceives $25 per month and found. The wife
says he offered to give her $10 per month,
' but she regarded this as too small an
amount for the support of the family. A
warrant was immediately Issued for
I May's arrest.
Oakland News Items.
j OAKLAND, Jan. Judge Ogden to
i day granted a divorce to Helen L. Schimpff
from George E. Schimpff on the ground
; of willful failure to provide plaintiff with
: the common necessities of life. Plaintiff
I is awarded custody of the minor chil
} dren, August L. and Arthur G. Schimpff.
A decree of distribution in the $200,000
j estate of the late Joslah H. "White was
entered to-day. One-half goes to the
widow and executrix, Mrs. Annie D.
, "White, and the other half to five minor
I children, share and share alike. Mrs.
White was also appointed guardian of the
; estates and persons of the minors, her.
bond being fixed at $42,000 in each case.
The estate of Alice L. Stratton, de
ceased, was appraised to-day at $41,280, of
which amount $31,280 consists of personal
property.
Professor L. D. Inskeep, formerly of
California College of Highland Park, has
i been elected principal of the Pleasanton
School to succeed Professor Donohue,
whose 111-health caused his resignation.
Michael J. Cullnan, age 26. and Bertha
Vaight, aged 19, both of San Francisco,
were married to-day by Police Judge !
Mortimer Smith.
The enrollment of public school children
In this city for the first week of the new
i term shows a slight increase. The total
number attending the nineteen schools is
9034.
SAY IT WILL BE NO
BENEFIT TO THE COUNTY
EFFORT TO SAVE THE STATE
TREASURY.
Proposed Contract Simply Means
That Huge Sums Will Be Pre
sented to Attorneys.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
9.8 Broadway, Jan. 9.
The effort on the part of certain attor
neys to turn an honest $45,600 by collect
ing from the State $114. , »< , j on behalf of
Alameda County for commissions for the
recovery of certain taxes may be frus
trated. The contract entered into be
tween the Board of Supervisors and At
torneys ttodgers, Patersou & Slack and
Devlin & Devlin, may yet be rescinded.
Craigie Sharp, on behalf of the Board
of Trade, appeared before the Board of
Supervisors this afternoon and pleaded
long and hard to have the contract re
scinded. He argued that as a matter of
fact the collection of 1114,000 would prove
of no benefit to this county, since the
40 per cent to be paid as fees to the at
torneys would later have to be paid back
to the State by the county.
Secretary Sharp submitted the follow
ing resolution that has been passed by
the Board of Trade: |
Whereas, suits are about to be instituted
contesting the validity of the act of March 9,
1593, which abolishes commissions lowed
counties for the collection of the State portions
of taxes; and
Whereas, in furtherance of this object Boards
of Supervisors of some forty-tlve counties have
entered Into contracts with certain firms of at
torneys on terms which will allow fees amount
ing to the enormous sum of $700,000; and
Whereas, under the contract between the
Board of Supervisors of Alameda County and
said attorneys commissions to the amount <■:
$114,000 are to be collected and attorneys' fees
thereon in the sum of $45,0u0 will have to be
paid, and
Whereas, the collection of such commissions
from the State will be absolutely without bene
fit to Alameda County, merely placing large
sums of motley in the pockets of attorneys
without accomplishing any good results, as the
counties will ultimately be compelled to pay
back to the State the deficit caused by the
payment of said attorneys' fees..
Resolved, That the Oakland Board of Trade
take such steps as will Induce the Board of
Supervisors of Alameda County to rescind said
contract.
Supervisor Wells said that the eleventh
hour was a poor time in which to bring
up objections to the contract; that the
District Attorney had been consulted In
the matter and that the board had acted
on that officer's advice. As a result of
the discussion, however, the matter was
referred to the committee of the whole
and went over for two weeks.
Struck by a Switch Signal.
BERKELEY. Jan. 9.— Professor W. B.
Rising of the chemistry department of the
University of California had a narrow es
cape from very serious injury this after
noon owing to a misplaced switch signal
on the railroad track of the Southern Pa
cific Company's Berkeley local line. Pro
fessor Rising was returning from San
Francisco on the 10 o'clock train. When
nearing Lorin the frame of the window
at which he was seated was struck with
such violence that the passengers in the
car supposed a bomb had been thrown.
Investigation showed the blow to have
been due to a misplaced switch signal,
which the jar of the passing cars had
caused to swing over just far enough to
strike without going through the window.
As it was, the frame of the window was
completely torn away by the force of
the concussion and the side of the car
otherwise damaged.
In the Interest of Beet Growers.
BERKELEY, Jan. 9.— Professor R. H.
Loughridge and D. T. Fowler of the agri
cultural department of the University of
California left this afternoon for Fresno
to attend a convention of beet-growers.
The meeting is called by prominent agri
culturists in that section of the country
to consider the advisability of starting
the sugar-beet industry there. The two
university professors will give expert tes
timony as to the condition of the soil and
its possible use for the .raising of beets.
It is understood that the Southern Pacific
Company is preparing to aid the enter
prise and they have already held out val
uable inducements to that end.
Burglary at Peralta.
BERKELEY, Jan. The residence of
Dr. Woodsum Allen at 2125 Ashbv avenue.
South Berkeley, was broken ' into by
burglar's early yesterday morning. The
thief appears to have broken through the
pantry window and from there to have
made his way to the upper story. Dr.
Allen's bedroom was entered and his
trousers pockets robbed of %6 In cash. A
dollar was also taken from a child's purse
lying near by. The work appears to be
that of an amateur and was done while
the family was absent.
Regents to Meet.
BERKELEY. Jan. 9.— The Board of Re
gents of the University of California will
meet to-morrow afternoon at 1 o'clock in
the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art, San
Francisco. The meeting is to be the reg
ular one for the month of January.
Berkeley News Notes.
• BERKELEY, Jan. 9.— The stockholders
of the Commercial Bank and the Berkeley
Bank of ings haA*e re-elected directors
for the coming year as follows: T. W.
Havens, J. W. Warnick, A. W. Naylor,
J. R. Little, Professor Charles M. Gayley,
Professor W. B. Rising, W. E. Sell. '
ReA'. Edward Payne is to deliver the
first of a series of lectures upon Walt
Whitman to-morrow evening at the resi
dence of Mrs. M. E. Graydon. 2207 Dwight
way. The subject will be 'The Chantei
of Personality."
Miss O. C. Care and Frank W. Dixon,
both of Lorin, were married yesterday at
the residence of the bride's parents on
Idaho street. Mr. and Mrs. Dixon will
reside on Adeline street. : - ,:,
The Berkeley Cotillon Club will meet
for the second dance of the season in
Shattuck Hall on Wednesday. January 18.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 9.— The kitchen in the
rear of the home of Mrs. William Arn
helm, 2258 Buena Vista -avenue, was con
siderably damaged by fire this morning.
The flames were started by the explosion
of a coal oil stove. *
The Veteran Republican Club has elect
ed the following officers for the ensuing
term: Ralph Hamlin, president; S. J.
Loop, first vlce-presioent; J. L. Field,
second vice-president; E. B. Dunning,
treasurer; George E. Clarke, adjutant;
H. Kruger, sergeant-at-arms; Captain
H. H. Todd. Colonel George C. Babcock,
T. R. Morton. D. T. Hard, L. C. Stllley,
council.
Putnam Grlswold gave a song recital
this evening in the Unitarian church.
He was assisted by Mrs. F. H. McCor
mick and Miss Gertrude Hit. hard.
Miss Alice Nathan gave a party Satur
day night to a number of her friends nt
the home of her mother, 649 Everett
street.
THE SAN- FRAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUAKr IU, is»».
NOTHING LEFT
BUT TO OWN
WATER WORKS
Fruitvale Residents in
a Tight Place.
CAN GET LITTLE RELIEF
SUPERVISORS MUST ALLOW 6
PER CENT.
The Contra Costa Company Agrees to
Charge No More, but the Water
Users Want to Pay
[ * Less.
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, January 9.
The residents of Fruitvale besieged the
Supervisors' boardroom to-day demand
ing an adjustment of the water rates
which would materially reduce the price
charged consumers.
Supervisor Talcott explained to the rate
payers that the proposed ordinance made
no raise in the price of water except that
used for sprinkling county roaas, which
is increased 5 cents on the thousand gal- ,
| lons.
E. H. Marwedel, on behalf of the rate
payers, stated that they wished some ad-
I justment of the present schedule. He
said that six years ago when he moved
to Fruitvale he paid a higher water rate
than was charged in Oakland, and while
everything else in the way of food had
been reduced in price about one-third,
water kept at the same old figure. He
said that if the new ordinance were pass
ed the outside districts would be com
-1 polled to pay an advance of about 23 per
I cent.
Roeth made a plea for the water com-
I pany, stating that the board was com
| pelled by law to allow the companies to
I make a profit of 6 per cent on all money
! that had been invested no matter if some
of it had been invested to no purpose.
Chairman Talcott said that the board
was bound by ti.e law and that if the
law was at fault now Is a good time to
have the Legislature remedy it. He said
that the rates now in use were based
; upon the lowest set of figures made by
the experts employed by the board.
Attorney Snook, who represented in
terested parties, said that if the rates
for the county were increased it would
certainly decrease the price to individual
consumers. He also said that the con
tract under which the franchise had been
granted was Ineffective because there
was no cash consideration and the board
could not dispose of franchises for water
or anything rise but money.
Supervisor Mitchell said that the board
cannot fix the rates without the consent
of the water companies, provided it does
not give them 6 per cent.
William Mills, a property owner, re
plied by stating that the only thing left
for the water users is to cut loose, incor
porate and ouild water works oi their
own.
Manager Wat kin son of the Contra Cos
ta Company said he was willing to allow
the rates to remain as they are for an
other year. He said that he had no de
sire to have any discrimination in the
matter and that if such a condition were
brought to the notice of the company It
would be adjusted at once. The matter
was finally referred to the committee of
the whole and laid o\*er for two weeks.
HUMORS OF A DIVORCE.
Yon Schmidt Had His Mother-in-
Law's Clothes in His Trunk.
OAKLAND, Jan. 9.— A most humorous
phase of the aftermath of the Yon
Schmidt dlA'orce developed in Judge
Greene's court to-day when the parties
appeared to settle the findings in the suit.
It seems that Captain Yon Schmidt had
sent to the now husbandless and father
less home in Alameda for some of his
things and Mrs. Yon Schmidt complained
that she was dismayed to find among the
articles carried off to her ex-husband's
new domicile the clothing of her deceased
mother.
Captain Yon Schmidt appeared to be as
much embarrassed and surprised over this
as the ex-wife was dismayed. He ex
plained that his mother-in-law's clothes
were locked in his trunk, but that he did
not have a key with him when he called
for the same and hence was not aware
of its contents. He cheerfully agreed to
hasten the return of these goods, while
the ex-wife agreed to return anything
that might belong to him.
Thus all further legal friction was
avoided and the formal decree was drawn,
up and signed by the Judge providing for
Mrs. Yon Schniidt's custody of the chil
dren and the household goods and ali
mony in the sum of $75 per month. The
matter of attorney fees was settled be
tween the parties out of court.
CHARGES OF FRAUD.
Sensational Tilt in the Altvater Es-
tate Contest.
OAKLAND, Jan. 9.— There was another
sensational tilt over the estate of the late
David Altvater in Judge Hall's court this
afternoon, when motions for taxing the
costs and to set aside the estate for the
use of the widow, Mrs. Agnes Altvab
came on for hearing.
To the latter motion Mrs. Agnes Phelan,
a daughter, and her husband, as contest
ants, \*igorously objected. ' Mr. Phelan
insisted that the property which is located
on Benton street, Alameda, was worth
much more than $1500, the value gl\-en it
by the appraisers. To frustrate the
widow's efforts to secure the entire prop
erty for her use, Phelan put in a bid of
fering to purchase the property for $1800.
As an earnest he deposited $500 with the
court. (
In view of the strong opposition on be
half of contestants Judge Hall decided to
continue the matter for two weeks for
further hearing.
Fighting Against the Grip.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 9.— The epidemic of
grip has assumed such proportions in
Alameda that the Board of Health took
the precaution to-night to fumigate the
City Hall, In order to prevent the spread
of the disease among the people who have
business daily in the building. In addition
to this the City Clerk has fitted up a
room where all who fear the dread com
plaint may go and have the bacilli exter
minated from their systems. A formalde
hyde gas generator has been loaded and
placed in the apartment and is used on
all who desire the . heroic treatment. A
large crowd availed themselves of the op
portunity to-day.
Public School Changes.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 9.— The public schools
reopened this morning, after the holiday
vacation. The attendance was nearly up
to the average, the epidemic of grip keep
ing many of the pupils at home. Sev
eral changes have been made ln the de
partment, most of them in the Enclnal
School. The two basement classrooms
were ready and were occupied by the B
second grade. In charge of Miss Jamie
son, and the A third with Miss McCon
nell as teacher.
The Kammer Inquest.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 9.— Deputy Coroner
Fowler held an Inquest this evening into
the death of Louis Kammer. The jury
brought in a verdict that deceased had
committed suicide by drowning. Mrs.
Kammer testified that she firmly believed
her husband had been murdered, but there
was no evidence to corroborate ncr
theory. After the jury brought in its ver
dict she created a scene by charging that
the jurymen were prejudiced and had re
turned a verdict of suicide because the
newspapers had influenced them. ; It ap
pears that Kammer's life was insured In
societies that do not pay in cases of sui
cide. The day K»mmer disappeared his
wife visited the police station and inquired
what steps she should take to collect his
life insurance. ; , ,
SUSPENDED FOR
PLAYING FOOTBALL
Seventeen Members of the Chico
Normal School Team Disci
plined by the Principal.
CHICO, Jan. 9. — Great excitement and indignation were aroused
here to-day when Carlton M. Ritter, principal of the State Normal
School, suspended seventeen students who were members of the Nor
mal football team. Mr. Ritter is averse to the playing of football,
but nevertheless the Normal team went to Red Bluff on Saturday and
defeated the Red Bluff team by a score of 40 to 0. The boys came
home delighted over their victory, but their enthusiasm was some
what dampened when Professor Ritter arose during chapel exercises
and made the announcement that all those members who went to
Red Bluff were suspended without credits.
The boys claim the right to indulge in whatever exercise they
see fit out of school hours, so they have circulated a petition to the
Board of Trustees, which is signed by two-thirds of the student body,
demanding the reinstatement of the team. If it be not reinstated the
students will walk out of the school.
Only a few weeks ago the professor openly ridiculed one of the
football players, Ed Boyles, saying that he had "cold feet" for not
playing the Sacramento team. Boyles played in the game at Red
Bluff and is now suspended.
Professor Ritter has many enemies in Chico and this action re
garding the football team serves to give them a chance to antagonize
him. Many of the most prominent citizens take the boys' part.
READY TO FIGHT
FOR A KINGDOM
Sharkey and McCoy Will
Meet To-Night.
CONFIDENCE MARVELOUS
EACH CONSIDERS THE BATTLE
ALREADY WON.
Betting Is Slightly Against the
Doughty Sailor, but His
Supporters Are
Legion.
Scecial Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 9.— Tom Sharkey
and Kid McCoy both profess to be
ready and eager for their contest at
the Lenox Athletic Club to-morroAV
night, when they will battle for a $20,
--000 purse. They completed their train
ing to-day and are as fit as human
hands can make them. The confidence
of each in his ability to triumph over
the other borders on the marvelous.
Admirers of either man may or may
not have their doubts. Not so with
Sharkey and McCoy. Each is as calmly
confident of victory as if the battle had
already been fought and won.
Sound in wind, quick and scientific,
these men should put up one of the best
contests in the history of pugilism.
They have youth, strength, agility and
science. Where one is Aveak the other
is strong. McCoy is the more scientific,
| Sharkey the stronger of the tAvo. In
I quickness there is little to choose be
tween them. In height and reach Mc-
Coy has the advantage. In sturdiness
Sharkey ls more than his match.
Among the bettors the bulk of the
money is being placed on McCoy. The
bettors argue that McCoy's cleverness
will carry him over any mine that
Sharkey may plant for him and enable
him to ride safely over the sailor Avhen
he is at his stormiest.
The men who stand by Sharkey— and
they are legion — say that the sailor will
be on top of his man at all stages, and
that all he wants is to land one good
punch. They are confident that the
sailor will land that punch, and that
it will decide the contest in his favor.
No man that Sharkey "gets going"
ever comes back, they say.
Tommy Ryan of Syracuse came to
toAvn to-day and boxed three rounds
with Sharkey. The sailor did not find
a great deal of difficulty in getting to
Ryan, and this fact strengthened the
confidence of all those of his admirers
who Avitnessed the set-to.
"I think Sharkey will win," Ryan
said, later in the day, "but McCoy will
outpoint him in the early stages of the
contest Weight tells. The sailor has
the weight and I think he will wear
the 'Kid' down and probably knock
him out before the twentieth round.
Sharkey is both faster and cleverer and
this, with his weight, should give him
the mill."
It was announced to-night that Tom
O'Rourke, on behalf of Thomas Shar
key, would meet Kid McCoy and Tim
Hurst, the referee, to-morrow evening
at 6 o'clock, when the articles of agree
ment will be discussed and the trouble
over articles 8 and 13, in reference to
what shall constitute a clinch, be
definitely decided. An agreement will
be made so that the spectators will not
be annoyed with any Avrangling on this
point after the men shall have entered
the ring.
Tommy Ryan of Syracuse met Ben
ton, Kid McCoy's manager, to-night at
the Lenox Athletic Club, for the pur
pose of arranging a match. Ryan in
sisted that the middle-weight limit is
154 pounds, while Benton claimed 158
pounds as the limit. Ryan then said
that he would split the difference and
Avas willing to meet McCoy at 156
pounds. Negotiations will be continued
to-morrow, and if the match can be ar
ranged the bout Avill probably take
place at the Lenox Athletic Club in
three or four weeks time.
CLEVELAND, Jan. 9.— 80b Fitz
simmons discussed to-night the protest
of Sharkey's friends against the clinch
ing clause of the agreement for his
fight Avith McCoy.
"There seems to be a screw loose
somewhere," said Bob. "McCoy is a
good, square man. I don't care to say
what I think of the other fellow. I Avill
believe that McCoy is to get fair play
when he gets it. If they have not got
some scheme to do McCoy up I'll miss
my guess.'' ■
COUNTRY HOME BURNED.
Mrs. George E. Barron Barely Es
capes With Her Life.
AUBURN, Jan. The handsome coun
try' home of the late George E. Barron
was burned to the ground this morning.
Mrs. Barron was occupying the house and
barely escaped with her life.
Confirmed by the Senate.
WASHINGTON. Jan. The Senate to
day confirmed these nominations:
Richard Lebert of Colorado, to be Con
sul at Ghent, Belgium.
C. C. Goodale, Surveyor General of Colo
rado.
John C. Kline, Collector of Customs at
Los Angeles.
M. R. Moore, Register of Land Office,
Tucson, Ariz.
BRILLIANT BALL
AT ASTOR HOME
All New York Society
Attends.
SUPPER AFTER MIDNIGHT
DANCING OF THE COTILLON
FOLLOWS.
Hosts of Pretty and Effective Favors
Provided for Those in At
tendance at the
Function.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. The ball given
by Mrs. Astor to-night at her house
was quite as brilliant as any previous
affair of the kind ever given by this
acknowledged leader of New York so
ciety.
Mrs. Astor received alone, standing in
a great drawing-room with beautiful
Louis XIV furnishings of rose color,
white and gold, calling for no further
embellishment than rt/ses and lilies
placed on vases on the mantels.
Mrs. -Astor's costume was of pale
lilac satin embroidered with silver and
trimmed with beautiful point De
Venise. She wore some superb orna
ments of diamonds.
Having paid their respects to the
hostess the guests wandered through
the great banquet-room adjoining the
drawing-room and thence through the
spacious marble halls to the ballroom,
where dancing was general until the
supper hour. The whiteness of the
great marble hall and its graceful stair-
Avay was toned down by the use of
many plants and clusters of pink roses
and carnations artistically scattered
here and there.
The ballroom, which is also the pic
ture gallery, called for no decoration
other than the famous paintings on its
walls. It was a very late ball, very
few guests arriving before 11 o'clock,
most of them coming from the opera.
Supper was announced at 12:30 o'clock.
Arrangements for this Important detail
had been left to Sherry. A course sup
per was served instead of the buffet
supper it has been Mrs. Astor's custom
to give.
The cotillon was danced after sup
per, Elisha Dyer Jr. loading with Mrs.
Orme Wilson from one end and Henry
Lehr from the other with Mrs. Stuy
vesant Fish. This made a someA\-hat
shorter but none the less jolly cotillon.
There were hosts of pretty and effect
ive favors, among them being silver
baskets filled Avith flowers, bouton
nieres, paper cutters and blotters, pin
cushions and portemonnaies, rosettes
and fancy fans, girdles with jeAveled
buckles, fancy Avalking-sticks and jeAV
eled orders.
There Avas an innovation in seating
the dancers in the cotillon, the feminine
portion taking seats in front of their
partners in place of at their sides. The
effect Avas quite novel. A Hungarian
band stationed in the balcony played
throughout the evening.
PICTURED THE KAISER
AS A WILD BOAR
Paris Figaro Confiscated at Berlin for
Having Copied a Cartoon
From Puck.
BERLIN, Jan. 9.— The Paris Figaro was
confiscated by the police throughout Ger
many yesterday on account of a carica
ture which it contained, copied from
Puck, representing Emperor William of
Germany in the guise of a "despised ani
mal."
Puck, in its issue of December 7, pub
lished a double-page cartoon by Pugh
representing all the crowned heads and
entitled "The Threatened Revolt In the
Jungle." Emperor William was repre
sented as a boar.
Volunteers Mustered Out.
ALBANY, N. V., Jan. 9.— Twelve mem
bers of the First New York Volunteers,
who joined the regiment in San Francisco
and whose homes are in California, were
mustered out to-day.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
E H Cox, Madera ; G P Harlow. Chicago '
T J Hills, Boston I Albert Fredrich, Chgo
E E Ingalls, Denver ' J Sparks, Reno
Mrs E E Ingalls, Den E F Mayo. x V
\V J O'Donnell, NY T 4 Field, Monterey
S D Rosenthal, Chgo Mrs T .1 Field. Montrv
E S Bliss. Mass J B Peakes, Sta Cruz
C W Doane, Mass ; Vi Artnur, BuMun
J B Gildersleeve, Cal: I H L Storey, Pasadena
J Ball, NY O J Smith, Reno
A F Jones, Oroville Mrs O J Smith, Reno
Frank Kane, Cal .I S C Arnold, Pasadena
P R .rarboe, S Mateo. S m Bradbury, Cal
E Lanner, Portland j Lewis Bradbury, Cal
W D Endree, NY EL Meininger, N V
J AY Mitchell, L Ang I J Dalton & w, N V
J R Dayton. 11l I J A Blttle, N V
Mrs J R Dayton. 111 . Mrs O C Wilson, N V
F Campeau, Detroit Miss Wilson. N V
A C Kennedy, NY* Mr & Mrs \V B Peck,
G S Fatten, Los Ang NY
Mr. Mum-on, Salt Lak C H Dawson & m. 111
Mrs Baker, Salt Luke J B Reed, St Helena
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
R Brannagan. Hollister Mrs L Zellni, Plymth
H Wettern, San Jose . I H Swenk, Nebr
C Nygard. Vallejo J O Chandler, Nebr
F C McDowell, Salinas E H Murch. Honolulu
<; Dyke. Fresno C S Murch, Honolulu
H J Wilson, L Ang I J Howard, N V
P J Phelan, Toronto Mrs M A Sare. Sacto
M Green, Seattle J C Daniels. Stockton
W McKay. NY P-F Kennedy, Visalia
L Wasself. NX J Anderson, L Ang
GRAND HOTEL.
F N Ottmer, Eureka 'M C Reynolds, Chgo
W Elliott. Chgo HgtsiE Hanson. Eugene
A B Eastwood. Newcsl M Hamilton. Juneau
' E Card & w, Sprngfld H -Davis. Cal
E N Swasev, Redding A S Brooks, USA
J N Pert Redding A B Eastwood. Newcsl
A W Posey. Ind IB F Gels. Willows
F II Hlgglns, Portland iR W Skinner & w, Cal
F W Watson, Stanford R Ross, Santa Rosa
H C Smith. Stanford F Hathaway. S Cruz
E Nelson. Detroit J C Boyd. Sacto
E T Rlchman. F Jones J Craig. Highland Spr
H Field, St Louis Miss Craig Highland
W H Skinner, Cal Mrs L ech. Highland
W Gother. Boston .T E Keating. Pleasntn
J Mclntlre. Sacto Mrs W AY Worthing &
G W Tow'le, Towles I child, Stockton
J L Pendleton. NY S Croft & w, L Ang
E J Shurlev. Seattle IF H Smith. Stockton
G M Autumn. S Jose IS A Kitchener. Stcktn
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Jan 9— Stmr Hecla. for
Copenhagen. _ . ...
BOSTON— Arrived Jan 9— Stmr Corinthla,
from Liverpool. . 
GIBRALTAR— ArrU-ed Jan B— Stmr Aller.
from New York. _ _ .
SOUTHAMPTON— Jan 9— Stmr Kai
ser Wllhelm der Crosse, from New York.
HAVRE— Arrived Jan 9-Stmr La Normandle,
from New York. _. ,
ROTTERDAM-Sailed Jan 9— Stmr V. erken
dam, for New York.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
257 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
821 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30, F. and m
A. M.— Called meeting THIS (TUES- _*»_,
DAY) EVENING, January 10, at 7:30 Y^af
o'clock. D. 2. GEO. J. HOBE, Sec. /V >
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. •
M.— First degree THIS (TUESDAY) J*.
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. 7__3\
A. S. HUBBARD, Secretary. /V a
UNITY Encampment No. 26, I. O. O. «» m
F.— Patriarchs notified to attend fu- Nf
neral of our late P. C. P., HENRY' E. S\
WILSON, TO-DAY, 1:30 o'clock. * V
______^ CHAS. L. ZIEGLER. C. P.
ABOU BEN ADHEM Lodge No. o-_sa_^_,
112, I. O. O. F.— Members are 4xS?Za&&
hereby notified to attend funeral *"%*?*£s^
of our late brother, HENRY E. - "-v** A ■
WILSON, P. G., TO-DAY, 1:30 o'clock, from
I. O. O. F. Hall. GUS SWANSON. N. G.
STOCKHOLDERS' meeting— The annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Union Iron
Works will lie held at the office of the com-
pany, 222 Market St., San Francis on
TUESDAY. January 24. 1893, at 11:30 o'clock
a. m., for the purpose of electing a board of
directors to serve for the ensuing year and
for the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting.
J. OB. GUNN, Secretary.
Office, 222 Market st., San Francisco, CaL
January 9, 1899.
GEOGRAPHICAL Society of the Paclflc— The
annual election of directors and councilors
of this society will be held at the rooms,
Merchants' Exchange building, on TUES-
DAY, January 17. Polls open from noon till
6 o'clock p. m. Itv order
I * GEORGE DAVIDSON, President.
JOHN PARTRIDGE, Secretary.
THE regular annual meeting of the stockhold-
ers of the Oceanic Steamship Company will
be held at the offlce of the company, 327 Mar-
ket street. San Francisco, California, on
SATURDAY, the 21st day of January, 1899, at
11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose of electing
a Board of Directors to serve for the ensu-
ing year, and for the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
ing. Transfer books will close on Tuesday
January 10, 1899, at 3 o'clock p. m
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
THE NEVADA NATIONAL BANK OF SAN
FRANCISCO. Cal., will be held at its bank-
ing house. No. 301 Montgomery St., San Fran-
cisco, Cal.. on TUESDAY. January 10, 1899.
at 3:15 o'clock p. m.. for the election of di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may-
come before the meeting.
D. B. DAVIDSON. Secretary.
San Francisco. December 9. 1898.
SPRING Valley Water works. San Francisco.
December 2S. IS9S.— The annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Spring Valley Water
Works will be held at the office of the
company, 126 Stockton st.. San Francisco,
California, nt 12 o'clock noon on WEDNES- '
DAY. the 11th day of January. 1899, to elect I
trustees to serve for the ensuing year and
for the transaction of such other business
as may come before the meeting.
PELHAM W. AMES. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the Association of the
Hospital for Children and Training School
for Nurses will be held at the hospital. 3700
California St., THURSDAY. Jan. 12. at 2
o'clock p. m. MRS. L. L. DUNBAR.
Recording Secretary.
A LOAN can be had on your plane without re-
. moval. or we will buy It. UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant aye.. near Market st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— The Nevada National Bank
of San Francisco. At a regular meeting of
the Board of Directors of this bank, held
January 3, 1599, a dividend was declared for
the half year ending December 31, 1898. at the
rate of seven (7) per cent per annum, pay-
able on and after the 16th inst. Transfer
books will be closed from the 10th to the
16th Inst., both days Inclusive.
D. B. DAVIDSON, Secretary.
Janury 4, 1899.
DIVIDEND Notice— Savings and Loan Society,
101 Montgomery St., corner of Sutter. The
board of directors declared a dividend for the
half year ending December 31, 1898. at the rate
of four (4) per cent per annum on term de-
posits and three and one-third (3 1-3) per cent
per annum on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, and payable on and after Tuesday,
January' 3. 1899. Dividends not called for are
added to and bear the same rate of dividend
as the principal from ana after January 1
1899. CYRUS W. CARMANY. Cashier.
HUMBOLDT Pavings and Loan Society, 1%
Geary st.— The directors have declared the fol-
lowing semi-annual dividends: 4 per cent
per annum on term and 3 1-3 per cent per
annum on ordinary deposits, payable on and
after January 3. 1899.
ERNEST BRAND. Sec.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE Secretary of the San Francisco Protest-
ant Orphan Asylum Society herewith gives no-
tice that the following orphan and half or-
phan girls and boys have been admitted to
the institution from July 1, 1898, to January
1. 1899: Matilda Zimmerman, 6 years; Mar-
garet Kesllnger, 4 years; Eugenia V. Kloss,
3 years 8 months; Annie Kloss, 2 years 3
months; Claudlne F. Moller, 5 years S
months; Sophia H. Hoppe, 8 years: Eva Mc-
lntyre. 8 years 6 months; Olive M. Joslln,
6 years; Myrtle Leigh, 3 years; Genevieve
Adams, 8 years; Mary Adams, 6 years; Al-
bert Zimmerman, 9 years; Harry Hayne, 10
years: Adoiph Hayne, 7 years 3 months: Otto
W. Moller, 4 years: Johannes E. Moller. 7
years; Leslie E. Montrose. 8 years 4 months;
Wesley L. Marshall, 7 years; Edwin Fisher.
7 years; Alexander Williams, S years: George
M. Adams, 11 years: Nelson J. Adams, 10
years; Harry Lane. 6 years; James Adams. 8
Hawkins, 7 years: Edith M. Joslln, 3 years;
Edna V. Joslln, 3 years.
SINCE July 1. 1898. the orphans admitted into
St. Francis' Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum,
are as follows: Female— Annetta Antonia, 1
years: Camellia Hawkins, 9; Ada Haley, 9; I
Marguerite Kalsar, 6; Carrie B. Pickett, 7;
Fearl Hunter, 10: Katie Rlordan. 5. Male-
Harry Antonia, 2 years 3 months; William
Rohling 8 months: George Hunter, 2 yea-s
6 months: Harold Hunter, 4 years 3 months;
Thomas O'Nell, 3; Bert de Shields, 5 years
6 months: Fred de Shields, 3 years 6 months;
Thomas Rlordan, 5; Gilbert Cope, 7. Half
orphans— Marguerite Gamerston. 5; Irene
Gameiston, 9; Catherine Shepherd, 4 years 6
months; Lyda shepherd, 9. Male—
Smith, 10; Osar Smith. 7; Fred Smith, 5
years: Jennie Shihade. 6 years.
ABANDONED children In St. Joseph's Infant
Orphan Asylum from July 1, 1897, to Decem-
ber 31, 1898: Frank Swett. ape 4 years;
Margaret Cunningham, 4 years: Hazel Cun-
ningham. 2 years: Margaret Campion, 2 years;
Rose Kelly, 4 years; Thomas Kelly, 3 years;
Ruth Dougherty. 4 years; Lillie Aubertlne,
5 years.
BAD tenants ejected for 14; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage, at 520 I-*-- St., San Francisco,
Cal., has received the following orphans, half-
orphans and abandoned girls from October 1
to December 31. IS9S: Jessie Willis. 11 years;
Lillia Willis, 8 years 7 months; Hazel Anna
McCutcheon, 5 years 10 months; Saidy Brooks,
9 years 1 month; Eva Bi-oks, 6 years; Ruth
Shayer, 5 years 8 months; Sylvia
Shayer, 2 years 5 months: Ethel Hergarton,
7 years 10 months: Sarah E. Jellin, 12 years;
Elsie M. Jellin, 6 years 9 months; lona L.
Jellin. 4 years; Violet Williams, 2 years;
Louisa Zanettin, 13 years; Adellna Zanettin,
8 years; Theresa Zanettin, 5 years 6 months;
Ethel Openshaw,' 9 years; Olive Openshaw, 7
years; Olive F. Berlin, 10 years; Adele G.
King. 7 years; ..nna Swan, 9 years 3 months;
Charlotte Gillespie. 9 years 6 months: Jennie
Gillespie. 7 years 10 months; Julia Gillespie,
3 years 11 months: Amy L. Swan. 6 years 6
months: Maria Gill, 11 years; Grace Gill, 13
years; Olivia Gill, 9 years; Margaret Johnson,
8 years.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
palntlnr done. Hartman Paint Co., 343 3d st.
1
SITUATIONS WANTED — FEMALE. |
COMPETENT woman with 2 children desire, '
situation; good cook and laundress; country;
wages no object. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.' ,
NEAT young girl desires situation as nurse 77
housework, $10 to $15; references. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN girl wants situation for general
housework and cooking; references given.
Apply Prescott House, cor. Montgomery aye.
and Kearny st. Wyyy
SWEDISH woman wishes situation to do sec.
ond work in private family; wages $20. Ad-
dress 1104 Fell st
YOUNG lady wishes situation in private fam-
ily to do general housework. Address 157
Clara st.
DRESSMAKER wishes a few more engage,
ments by the day: tailor-made dresses a spe-
cialty; terms $1 50 per day. 605 Jones st.
GERMAN girl wants a position for general
housework; wages $20. 2 Tay St., oft Clay,
between Powell and Mason.
TOUNG woman wishes position as working
housekeeper or chambermaid. Address >-
O'Farrell st.
GERMAN girl in a small family to assist i n
housework; reference; wages $12. 3253 Fill-
more st.
AMERICAN girl would like place In small
family to do light housework; good plain
cook: wages $12 to $15. 545 Minna st.
Wanted— by first-class colored
cook; hotel, boarding house or private fam-
ily. Address Cook. 321 V. O'Farrell st.
2 GIRLS desire positions for housework anl
cooking: good reference. Call at 1234 Pacific i
St., near Hyde. I
FIRST-CLASS laundress wants work by the
day: also housecleaning. Call or address
MRS. H. HEIDER, 642 Folsom st.
SITUATION as second girl In a private far.-.
ily by a good experienced Swedish girl;
wages, .'25. Address 9 Bowie aye., off 11th.
2 RESPECTABLE Scotch girls wish situations:
one for upstairs work and sewing, $20: other
upstairs irk and care of children, $15. A.
McC 717 Valencia st.
TOUNG girl wishes situation as nurse and
help with stairs work: references If re-
quired. Call for two days. 1113 1 . Bryant St.,
near Ninth.
SITUATION wanted by Protestant girl for
pantry work or assist in an institution, or
would take care of a child. Address box 1272.
Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a respectable woman as
nurse; would 'assist with sewing or upstairs
work; good references. 587 O'Farrell st.
A YOUNG lady, lately from the East, would
like a position as companion to a lady or
take care of children. Call 422 McAllister.
GIRL wishes a situation to do general house-
work in a private family. Please call at
2521 Post st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes a few more
engagements: price moderate. Address 1073-j
Market st.
ALL the consideration and respect shown to
ladies who are temporarily emba;-assed at
UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.. nr. Market
YOUNG woman wishes situation to wait at
table or chamberwork. Address box 1496, Call.
LADY wants position to address envelopes. Ad-
dress 957 Folsom St.
YOUNG colored girl would like to do house-
work or take care of baby; state wages. Ad-
dress box 14G6, Call office.
AN experienced German nurse In confinement
and other sickness; best reference: terms
reasonable. Address Nurse, 115 Eighth st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket. 2"0 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $8
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
snd baggage to anil from ferry.
SITUATIONS AVANTED MALE.
; JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary; tel. Grant 56.
, — .
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office:
best help. 414' 2 O'Farrell St.: tel. East 436.
STRONG boy (17) good habits, wants any kind
of work; can give reference; wages $5 week.
Box 1346, Call.
WANTED— Position as engineer, fireman or
night watchman by young man; will give
cash security as to responsibility. Address
box 1347. Call.
; YOUNG man would like work where he could
learn firing a steam boiler; small wages to
begin with. Box 1348, Call.
WANTED — Young man wants position In law-
yer's office with privilege of studying law;
understands shorthand and typewriting. Ad- 1
dress box 1459. Call.
FIRST-CLASS shoemaker, German, with best
of experience on custom and pattern, would f\
like situation; .city or country. R. Z.. nan- /'Ji
vllle. Contra Costa County. - - ■' Eg
j FIRST-CLASS painter and paper hanger wants ».
work; day or contract. Box 1344. Call.
RESPECTABLE young man. desiring going to ]
Chicago, would like to accompany invalid or m
other party for the consideration of half the W
\ fare or otherwise. Box 1343, Call. ▼
SITUATION wanted by young man as man ,1
about place where it would be a chance to i
learn gardening; understands horses and ;
cows and general work; good references. Ad-
dress box 1337, Call office.
GOOD piano player wants engagement. R. A.,
box 26. Call office.
CHINESE boy, first-class cook, wants place ln
private family. Address 703 Dupont St.; tele-
phone Main 1788. '
ALL who intend to go to the country can store
their sealskins, silverware, piano or valu- !
I ables for safe keeping till they return, recelv- i
j Ing a loan as well, from UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant aye., near Market st.
I BOOKKEEPER— First-class double entry and
correspondent: Al city references and bonds; '
salary moderate. Box 1388, Call Office. "'/
YOUNG man wants place ln wholesale house
as porter; references. H. J. T., box 1341, Call. I
MASTER mariner with five years' experience
In Philippine Island trade, desires a position
in Government or merchant service as mas-
ter, pilot or officer; has had charge of steam
and sailing ships, and holds English and
American master's certificates. Address G.,
Call Branch office, 106 Eleventh st.
I CHICAGO bookkeeper, correspondent and sales-
I man (married) desires a position where merit
will secure an advancement: salary low to
[ commence. Box 1333, Call offlce.
GOOD painter, paper hanger and whitener, hav-
ing complete outfit of tools, wants work; city
or country. MERIGAN, 1302 Webster st.
WANTED— By young man and wife, positions
as valet or butler and maid; will travel;
best references. Box 1489, Call.
RESTAURANT man; thoroughly competent:
references and bond. Box 1331, Call.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
MAID and seamstress willing to travel $25 per
month. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. *: ..
WOMAN with a child as working housekeeper.
$10, see lady here. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
GERMAN seamstress. $25. MISS CULLEN
325 Sutter st. ...?. -_\
GERMAN woman. $30; ranch. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
COOK, small boarding house, $30. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl, springs. $20, no wash, see
party here. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN governess, $25; 2 second girls, $20 and
$15; 15 housework girls, $20 and $25: 8 young
girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 323 J
Sutter st.
i SECOND girl, country. $25, see lady here.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child, $10, city. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
MAID and seamstress. $25. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID, city, $20. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
COOK. $35. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NURSE, sleep home, $12. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl. 2 In family, $20. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
RESTAURANT waitress. $6 per week. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
WAITRESS, railroad eating house, $20; wait-
ress, city. $20; waitress, Hanford. $20. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK, country, $25. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl, $15. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st.
C. R, HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
2 waitresses for same country hotel, $22 50, fare
advanced; waitress, hotel, near city, $2";
waitress, south, $22 50; waitress, arm work.
Bakersfield. $20 and found, fare paid; cham-
bermaid and waitress, plain country hotel,
near city, $20; for city, 2 first-class wait-
resses, same hotel. $20; 6 waitresses, different
hotels, $20; 3 waitresses, restaurant. $4, $5 and
$6 a week; shirt finishers, country hotel,
south, $30 and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st. . ' ■-,
GIRLS for housework. Berkeley. Oakland, Palo
Alto, Concord, Sonora. $20 and $25; girls,
housework, city, $20, $25. $13; girls to assist,
$10 to $12. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
WOMAN cook, plain country hotel, 520 and
found. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 63ti j|
Clay st. ' I
GERMAN woman for general housework; short f
distance In country; $10. Box 1460, Call office, j* *
HELP W.vXTED-rontinned.
"• -WANTF.D— French ladies' maid to travel, $25; i
. " e'econd eirl, $20; nurse and second feirl, $25;
- ' German seamstress and second girl, $2j;
French cook, country. $30; French seamstress,
K«0; Scandinavian parlor maid and waitress
.. |£l: '-' waitresses, country hotels, $20 and
' • '$22 50'; 2 waitresses, boarding houses !n_ city,
$20: 20 cirls conk wash and iron, nf 011-
-' fer.-nt nationalities. $25; 40 girls, for house-
:.. v.ork. city and country. U-. S-« i**"* 1 *-,'; Ap-
■ . ply to J F. CROSETT & CO., 316 butter. at.
* WANTED-^^Sood ' plain cook: wssh given out;
gt-od home; $12. 10C8A Gulden Gate aye.
- V.'A-NTEO— Girl for general housework. Apply
' • «fS63 Hayes at.
GIRD wanted to wait at table: sleep at home;
•* js'.per month- "X 924 Geary at.
* ' v i- rr eiH for s-eneral housework In small
' '.'■ * l7mily Call at , 12U1 Hyde ' St.
■ ITIRL It to" IS to assist with light housework;
• small wasea. 2502 Twenty-fourth st.
WANTED— Lady to take care of children. Ap-
•j'jy 160 Tehama st.
'". GiIRI. fer cocking and too assist in housework.
'• * L'l 9 Jackson ft.
GIRL to take care of one child and light house-
• work. 3144 Kevwnth s._C
GIRL to holp iniKitchen. $3 per week, sleep
. . * heme: upstairs girl, $15. 631 Larkin st.
GIRL to do housekeeping and king for el-
. : derly lady*, references. Call bet. 10 and 12 to-
. * ' day.. 616 Geary at.
; , BOOK KEEPER— Young lady who understands
.double entty: must be good penman; give
: \ reference. Address box 680, Call office.
"j" i WAITED— Woman 30 to 35 years of age for
* ">7 . .'light housework: no. washing and no chll-
'* .' ilren. Oall from 2 to 3. 1434 nth aye.. East
Oakland.
:' NEAT young German girl to assist In general
housework. 317 Soott st.
'WANTED— Oirl general housework: plain co<--k-
-•■•■•.•ing: baking; wages $15. 12164 Golden late ay.
'* OPERATORS on white and flannel overshirts;
.• a few lnex;*Tienced hands taken and taught.
.-*'. -'LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 364 Fremcnt st.
•• OPERATORS on flannel overshirts: also one
•'■ • on buttonholes, at GREENEBAUM. WEIL A
.-•, '.-MICHELS, 537 Mlselon st.
' $2* OR $}00 to loan on your watch at UNCLE
HARRIS. 13 Grant aye., near Mnrket st.
."YOV'-NO Ctrl to assist in lice work; wages
$10. per month. Box 678. Call office.
■GOOD operator on .liters' aprons; steady
 _.• -work; power. 636 Clay St.. upstairs.
". . LADIES you can earn $3 to J-i per day at home.
•Call 1014 Grant aye., room 3.
• GIRLS of all nationalities wanted at MISS
WELLS' Emp. Of., 12434 -ark St., Alameda.
2 WEEKS' sewing free, beginning this week.
.Ki-.-ter Tailoring College. 42-; Geary St.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery: positions
, free: rat*.- - 25c ur McDeweir* loa P-s:
«-
.' . Li HELP WANTED MALE.
* ' BELL7boy7^l2TeVmonth. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
MURRAY & READY 'Phone Main SS4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT TO-DAY
$3 woodohoppera $2 30, $1 and 75c cord
'. ' E6 tie makers, different places.. Sc to 12c each
o' laborers, city work $175 day
Metal spinner
.Coachman, gardener, private 5. and found
MURRAY & READY, CM and 636 Clay st.
DRY GOODS clerk, $50: country. MURRAY &
.READY. 634 and 63' Clay st.
' .BUTCHER, city shop, $25 and $30 and found.
' MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay e*^
BAKER and second baker, city and country
• Jobs. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
COOKS . Waiters Dishwashers
' MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
* * WANTED — Farm foreman: references re-
• quired. Apply *. J. F. CROSETT & CO., C2B
.Sacramento st.
WANTED— Fry cook for nice restaurant, $40;
, • . also second cook for restaurant^ $.".5. Apply
;• •, .to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62s Sacramento st.
"; 'WANTED — J H. Gorden. call early: pump man
• and carpenter for mine. $40 and board: miner.
$40 ' and board; vineyard man and wife, and
' others. Apply to J. F. sett a CO.. 628
•* Sacramento st.
WANTED— Second cook for first-class restau-
• rant. $60, and others. Apply to J. F. CRO-
I ' • SETT & CO., 62S Sacramento at.
■• -AT*C. P.: HANSEN if CO.' s77 Phone Grant ISS.
. .;', Second cook. $30: fry cook. $30; shirt finisher.
"; " hotel laundry. $30; washer. $40; all-round
.•'••hand laundryman. $30; 3 teamsters for an
" . crchard, $20; man about place. $2.": experi-
-" .■'■er.ce-j nurse with references for an lnstitu-
*"* -tlon,: s3o. C. R. -,-.-. & CO., 104 Geary, j
'• . : WE si ip Wednesday. January 11, for Skaguay;
' •* fare 1 12 iO. C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary, j
, .' 7WA VTEC ..-. |
.' * D.r'.v'-r for milk route, city experience and)
1 . . Te'/erer.ces required. 133 per month and found;
';.-.' -e.o miners, half fare pair, $o2 per month: also i
'- .-'farmers, mlikers. pruners, cooks, waiters and I
* ' , -others. W. P. EWER & CO., 62C Clay st.
SALE I'M AN. young man. to sell among butch-
;ers and sausage makers: German preferred;
* ' ''•' --'.must be hustler and have references. Ad-
* •*' -dress Western Specialty Co., box 1300, Call.
.MEN wanted everywhere to distribute samples
• ' and advertise California Orange Syrup; $2
."per. day and expenses; cash every week; par-
!• ' ticulars for 2-cent stamp. CALIFORNIA
;•'; -ORANGE SYRUP CO., San Francis^ Cal.
iT.Ol'Nj man with 5 or 6 months' experience at
.'barber business. 2401 Sutter st.
- WANTED— first-class Ehoemaker; no dona
. .- wanted. E. POWELL. 107 Geary st.
.' ' STRONG boy to work in bakery. Call at 1837
' ' '• O'Farrell st.. corner Pierce.
'■'•.STRONG boy to learn pressing in a tailor
• shop ; pay while learning. 138 Ruis at.
* .WANTED— A good meat cutter, $25 a month
and found. Apply 331$ Mission st.
•WANTED— A boy with experience In tailoring
•.'. oh custom coats. 668 Minna st.
. SMART young man: quick at figures. 220 San-
some. 8 a. m., references required.
• TO go this week— pairs men's shoes, some
•nearly new, from Me to $1: new shoes, slight-
ly damaged, one-half price. 562 Mission st.,
••bet. First and Second sts. Open Sundays.
V. WANTED Cabinet maker and French pol-
"| . lsKer; elderly man; light, steady work. Box
* l-« 0; Call office.
'. SHIRT backers wanted. Sun Laundry. Nlne-
. . . • teenth !-t. and Telegraph aye., Oakland.
"TOIsNG man to assist In grocery: no bar; Ger-
. 'man preferred. 2420 California st.
* YOUNG man with some experience In cloak
.'store; state wages. Box 679. Call Office
•'' XEW method shoe repairing factory. 1155 Mkt.;
. "'• quickest soling on earth; gents' soling, 45c
".$100,000,000 TO loan on bonds, stock, real estate,
'. goods in warehouse and ln bond, or on valu-
•' -.able* of all kinds at 15 Grant aye.. near Mar-
.'■ "' fet St.. UNCLE HARRIS.
. RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
■ line Corps, United States navy; able-bodied.
: unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30
.•'..years, who are citizens of the United States,
.*-•*• Sr those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such; must be of good char-
• a.ct»r nnd habits and able to speak, read and
.• write English, and be between 5 teat 3 Inches
s'rd 6 ;e»t in height. For further Information
*-* ' .-••I* at the Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis St..
San Francisco. Cal.
■'• W-XNTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
. . * -.that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
.: -runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 180 large
, . . I rooms. !5c j>er night: $1 to $3 per week.
--./WANTED— At Montana House. 7644 Mission
St.. men to take rooms: 10c, 13c and 25c per
'.'.".• Bight; eOc. 90c ar.d $1 per week
. YOUNG men. seamen, carpenters, blacksmiths,
""' • f&r-.ships. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union: free employ*-
'••• • ' •*•**'•*• H - Bernard. Per-.. 104 7'h: tel. Jessie 1164.
; .MEN to learn barber trad*: easy terms. 1541
-Marl st.
*• VMKN and women to learn barber trade at San
Frfcnrlsco Barber College. 13*4 Eighth st.
.' BARBERS* Association Free Employment
'.' "/OIHZ/- FT '' :HP - Spc -- Kt> Grant aye.
. • TRY Llndell House, Sixth and Howard st«. ;
•■' ** h "rni;gh!y renovated; 200 rms.: 13c. 25c night
.. "SINGLE rooms ISe. 20c. 2.3 c per night: 73c. $1
'"_ _tof? XA **" >r *■*-'*• Elcho House. 863% Mnrket st.
" ANTED— To eoHe-t wages due laborers and
•>. • clerks Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
... SAILOR* and ordinary seamen wanted at
' "'• : "'" _'_I_L ,:t -- nPar Jackson.
: . SlNGLE^" 'furnished « n e. Jarred atmnr and airy
•room. 2ec r.lgbt R--edale House. JJt Ellis St.
7 TrtT . Aclr '"- House: 557 Market rt.. below Sixth.
• **_ . fpr a room: 2oc a nieht: fl a week.
. WINCH-ESTER V'M«*. 4! third ,t.. near Mar-
. .• -.Vet: 27> ro<-m«. ?.V night: readl-inr-ro^m: free
' '' ■■■-'' - -■■'- t. .y.. 'r.~-v m
-. PARTNERS WAJITBO.
• PARTNER With $30O> In flrst-e!a?s iTbu»n
'.-'•ness: wiil bear investigation. Address box
. . ic^ OH o f fce Onkland
•..'•' y SEWING MACHINES]
;'••'• $2' MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought.*? sold;
*•* ' machine supplies. 143 Sixth: phone Mint 43! j
'• ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; I
'-; *;■• repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth it.
7"... .7 "TYPEWRITERS.
;.* -All typewriters sold and rented, few partly
used for sale cheap: send for samples and
"■•• , prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery, !
••'■ A" HAMMOND. $25; Caligraph. $15: Yost $2.3; '
*.•'••. get sample work. SCOTT, 333 Montgomery at. |
I
L.USINESS CHANCES.
A— s46o; CORNER grocery and bar on Folsom
St.; living rooms; rent $23; mu*t be sold in 3
days: owner called to New York City at
once; a sacrifice. WILKE ' UNFUG, 906
Market st.
GENERAL merchandise store, connected with
I 'ostoffl.ee in lively country town: no oppo-
sition; building, two lots 25x130, $2000; stock j
of mdse about $3000; a rare chance; fullest in-
vestigaticn given. Call WILKE & I NFl'O.
903 Market st.
A— s73o; CORNER grocery and bar, with living
rooms: rent $25: choicest location In Mission;
nr. 16th st.; flr.e bargain; owner to leave fori
Australia, WILKE _ UNFUG. 908 Marltet st.
$300— SALOON and restaurant close to S. P.
depot; a t-plendld paying business: rent $20.
Inquire WILKE A UNFUG, 108 Market.
A— ssoo; SALOON' established S years, with 8 !
rooms; rent $56; close to Call building; aver-
age dally receipts $20; owner bought hotel ln |
Sacramento; bargain. WILKE &■ UNFUG,
906 Market St. V !
$1000; CORNER grocery and bar: established
years; doing good-paying business; death of
owner cause of sale; 4 living rooms; rent $4_
WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market at. j
STENBERG & CO.. 26Vi Kearny st !
pays highest cash prices tor merchandise. j
We sell and exchange
real estate and business places.
$850- '" oil route, clearing $100.
$ s'X>— Cor. restaurant, city front.
$1000— Partner in livery stable.
$ SCO— Saloon en principal street.
$ 400— Partner in paying restaurant.
STENBERG & CO., 26>_ Kearny st. j
$125— CORNER fruit .store. Western Addition;
rent $12; living rooms; owner 3 year.. STEN-
BERG CO., 264 Kearny st. *
$700— KESTAL-iANT, coffee saloon, opposite j
ferry depot; h .dsomely furnished; doing ,
good business; trial and thorough Investiga-
tion before buying. STENBERO CO., 26Vi
Kearny st.
_ — _ — — i
$300— CRI8P and plain candy manufacturing;
wholesale and retail; easily learned; value in
stock and plant; clears $75 monthly. less, .
763 Market st. j
$123— GROCERY and bar; 4 rooms: rent $18;
I owner there 15 years. LESS, 765 Market st.
j $225— RESTAURANT; principal street; estab-
I lished 23 years; receipts $14; 4 living rooms;
partners cannot agree; genuine offer; Investi-
gate. LESS, 765 Market st.
A— s2so; corner saloon; 2 card rooms; $20 dally; j
a snap. KREDO & CO., 224 Geary at.
A— $100: branch bakery and delicacy; nice rms.; !
rent only $10. KREDO <& CO., 22>s Geary st.
A— slsoo: restaurant, near Market; $60 dally: ,
best ever offered. KREDO <fc CO.. .... Geary.
A— s4so; bazaar: large stock hardware, crockery, I
etc.; cheap r*nt; living rooms. KREDO & CO.
$C(-0--GREAT bargain; French restaurant; 25c i
meals; best location; ii dug fine business. BA- ,
SILE, 5734 Market st.
i $600 — COAL, wood, coal oil, hay, grain; doing
! fine business. BASILS, 8734 Market st.
I l IIGAR stand; fine location; laundry pays
j more than the rent. BASILE, 8734 Market.
I A— TO buy or sell your business quick for cash
i apply to MOON A CO., 10084 Market st.
i A— s3oo; BORER, steady man wanted In estab-
lished business; pays $75 a month to each
j yearly. MOON A CO., 10084 Market st.
! NOTICE— To buy or sell a business of any
kind see MENZEL & CO., 7 Grant aye.
I $175— DELICATESSEN store: pays well; living
rooms; good location. MENZEL, 7 Grant aye.
$125— GROCERY* and bar; centrally located; $20
I rent; living rms.: good chance for man & wife; ;
| call early. WEHNER & CO.. 10274 Mkt. St. j
i $400— CORNER saloon; bargain this day. Mc-
[ LAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market st. j
'< A -W00; PARTNER wanted; $18 to $25 a week
each; trial given; no experience required, j
Western Investment Co., 9 Geary st. |
i . . 1
'• $30 PER share; 10 shares capital stock of realty
! syndicate; par vaiue $100. 503 California, r. 11l
jIoOO—cONTRACTING business; partner want-
ed. 60S Market St., room 8.
GROCERY and bar at bargain; leaving city.
; Call at 2029 Mission st. I
_ , .
RARE opportunity for young man with about \
$300. Box 1242, Call. i
; $200— RESTAURANT: partner wanted. 608
Market St., room 8.
' $150— PRINTING business; partner wanted. 608
Market St., room S.
FOR sale— Good paying little oyster house.
307 Grant aye.
PAYING lodging house wanted. 008 Market
St.. room S.
CIGAR stand wanted. Apply 608 Market St.,
room 8.
j 160— CIGAR stand. If sold at once; owner leav-
ing city. 304 Fourth St.
j PARTNER wanted; good paying saloon: must '
be sold at once; sickness. Inquire 702 Mission.
FOR sale — A good harness business ln a lively !
town. Address JOHN ROCCA, Jamestown,
Tuolumne Co., Cal. I
I A— s2oo; SALOON: must sell on account of j
leaving city. 306 Minna st.
j DRESSMAKER to go ln business: no capital
I needed. 116 Seventh St.. candy store. j
! AN old-established printing and publishing
business is offered for sale at a very reason-
| able price for cash; A No. I office, with all
modern Improvements; particulars, to those
meaning business. Address box 132, Stock- :
ton, Cal.
SHOE shop, doing good business*, cheap rent;
business locality; reasonable. 332 Bush st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL A CO.'S. 415 Sacramento it.
WANTED— Business In city or country for
$1000. Box 471. Call office. Oakland.
LODGIM. HOl'SiS FOR SALE.
*~^^2so^N^vr^*UßNTrUßE-8 ROOMS.
Worth $500
35 rooms. $630, cash price $1300
26-room house; rent $50 750
6-room fiat; rent $22 250
14 rooms; on Sutter at 450 ,
82 rooms; reduced from $5000 to 2300 ;
12 rooms; on Market st; rent $40 450 .
10-room house; only 150
21 rooms; corner; clears $150 550
4-5-ruom house; corner 1200
Abstracts furnished shewing clear title.
No contract from buyer or seller required.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
$400—10 ROOMS: new; elegant furniture: must!
sell; offer wanted. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
$430— 19- ROOM house; rooms all rented. For
sale only by DECKER. 1020 Market st.
50 ROOMS— Corner: all bay-windows: clears I
$200 month; price $1600. DECKER. 1020 Mkt. ,
' A-KREDO & CO 224 Geary st.
Money Advanced on All Houses.
5 rooms; nicely furnished; free rent $ 150
10 rooms; Bush; parlors for millinery.... 530
II rooms; rent $20; clears $40 225
14 rooms; best on Stockton: a 5nap....... 500
21 rooms: Mission St.; clears $100 1200
! 23 rooms; Fifth: flne business corner 600
j 35 rooms; Grant aye.; corner: new 1400
45 rooms; best corner Kearny st 1300
i 56 rooms; Eddy St.: best transient 4000
A— s4ooo; 240 rooms; guaranteed to clear $350
' per month; trial given. KREDO A CO.
TWO BARGAINS — -
25 rooms; near Market; sacrifice $.":"
50 rooms; rent $50: great bargain 1000
WINSTON & CO., Ml Market st.
$1000— 36-room house: newly furnished; half !
cash; balance $15 per month; cheap rent. H. i
WEHNER & CO., 10274 Market st.
LODGING-HOUSE. 31 rooms; all light rooms;
3750. 739 i" isom st.
12000: 43 rooms; Stockton St.; rent $90; clears
$100. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market st.
LADIES, If you need money call on UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.. near Market st.
GOOD transient lodging house, 35 rooms: price
$?0O; within 2 blocks of Market st. Box 1279,
Call office.
HORSES.
FOR sale— so head of horses suitable for any
business; also lot Of harness; at Turk-st. car
stables. 1301 Turk st.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, "IT Sixth: auction sales every Wednet
dflv SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
100 SET second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses, 1140 Folsom st.
*.RPET CLEANING.
ClTY~sTeam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr,.
11 and 40 Eighth at.: telephone South 250,
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beatlng Works. 333-337 Tehama st.: tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at ic.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st, ; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate :■■ - tel. East 126.
ATTORNEY'S AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, 830 Market, cor. Stockton.
I ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W.. DAVIDSON, -27 Market st,
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collection,
free advice; open -"'gs. Atty McCabe, 10J Larkin.
, L. S. CLARK— Spreckels blag., 827 Mar-
I ket: consultation free; no fees ln advance.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANXAHY 10, 1899.
PERSONALS.
NOTICE!
WM. EHRENPFORT
RETIRING SALE.
The old-established house of Wm. Ehrenp-
fort often Its stock of CARPETS. LINO-
LEUMS. WINDOW SHADES. ETC.. at a
sacrifice. This well-known firm has been in
business 43 years, and Its reputation for high-
grade goods an.i low prices have been exceled
by none. MR. EHRENPFORT announces to
his friends and patrons that all the stock
must be disposed of within 10 days. This
sale means the positive clcslng of the old re-
liable house located at 1323 Market st.
LEDERER— Is the leader In hairdresslng here;
employs artists only; charges but So for styl-
ish coiffures; switches $1 up. LEDERER'S
Foama, fine shampoo, 5c pkg. 123 Stockton.
JAPANESE goods, bamboo furniture, Spanish
drawn work, wholesale and retail. Okuno
Company, 507 Larkin st.
NOTICE TO INVESTORS!
Wave motor, the most scientific and practi-
cal one ever patented, can be seen ln full
working order for a few days at 32" Mission
st., patent rights for the United States. Brit- ]
ish North America and Germany; this Is a
rare chance for a few men with a little capi- i
tal to Invest In a company that will harness '
the wares for work, the power of the future. |
A FRIEND wishes to Inform the former friends
and patrons of MME. A. WELLFORI (80
years of age) that she is now at '.■■■P ark
House, corner of Twenty-fourth and Mission
sts.. and would be glad to be helped to a
living by selling her excellent Hair Restorer
and Cleanser, or by app'ylng It personally.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. near Market: 200 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry*
DON'T let that worry you; LEDERER'S Qul-
ii. -nia is the Hair Tonic that will make your
hair grow. Me bottle. 123 Stockton st.
ARTISTIC bamboo furniture, wholesale and re-
tall; all kinds fane} work to order. K.
YOSHITANI & CO., 313 Sutter st.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale prices.
H. KRAMER (0 Sansome St.
THE MODERN, M 4th. nr. Mkt. -Baths, 124 c;
separate entrance for ladles; first-class.
CLOTHINO, especially ladles' and children's;
highest price; postal. H. Fabian, JO2O Folsom.
HOME In confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 «th St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market st . bet. :u and Bth. _
A WEEK'S news 'or 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, Ir. wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
DRESSMAKERS.
LEARN dressmaking, ladies' tailoring, mil-
linery; special offer this week: perfeot fitting
patterns. McDowell School, IN Post et.
SILK or cloth dress. $.', to $•; dress made over;
perfect fit, 3 Eddy, MME. GOLDSTEIN,
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
Coll-ge. 918 Market: men and women teachers.
I SPIRITUALISM.
ADVICE an'! Assistance for All.
j MRS. OK. A, D. HOWE.
Fee $1 and upward.
Reveals your e.-.tlre life from the cradle to
the grave.
TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY
Her assistance 1» priceless. Her 'Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
Adlress or call MRS. DR A. D. HOWE.
1104 Market st. (The Vendome).
Corner Market, Mason and Turk sts.
ATTENTION— If you want to see a medium
see the best; tells everything; valuable In-
formation given to users of morphine: 5 ques-
tions by mall $1. LEANDER, 313 Eddy st.
A— M'tS. J. .1. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader: medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free: sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
MME YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night; 10c; 605 McAllister; come skeptics.
C. V. MILLER: materializing trumpet seance;
8 p. m. : 25c. 400 Leavenworth st.
MRS. MANDENA. medium, palmist; readings.
25c; satisfaction guaranteed. 234 1 . Sixth st.
MRS. MENA FRANCES, Independent slate
writing medium 111 Haight st.
MRS. KATE HOSKINS trance medium: read-
ings dally, $1. 322 S. Spring St.. Los Angeles.
MRS. ELLIS; tests to all; Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m. :
Mon. 8; 23c; sittings $1. 233 Valencia st.
$100.0 r 9 TO loan on safes nnd articles of every
description at UNCLE HARRIS". 13 Grant
aye.. near Market st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. '.ii pages, sent to any address in the
L'nlted States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
CLAIR ANTS.
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK, permanently located
in San Francisco, at. l)23'i Market st.. bet.
Sixth and Seventh: while entranced gives aid
and advice which will overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions, make marriage with the one you lore
no failure, remove Influence, bad habits; will
give correct Information on law suite, sick-
ness, death, divorces, absent friends, etc.
N. B. — Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mall. Send stamp for circular, with special
terms, to MRS. DR. F. CLARK. 1023% Mkt
MRS. DALINE. arrived from the East: palm-
istry and card reader. 953£ Howard: satis-
faction guaranteeu.
GYPSY life reader, of 3 7th St., now 92S Mis-
sion, bet. 3th and 6th: 2:.-' and BOc; no sign.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist.
101 Eddy and 13 Mason st., parlor 3.
BLANCHE DE ' TELLE, card reading. 417
Bush st., rooms 'J and 10.
CLAIRVOYANT card readings; 10c: ladles
only. 54J Natoma St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
EVELYN FOWLER, mind reader and palm-
ist. Call 120 Ellis st., room 4.
MME. ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clalr-
voyant and card reader. 1169 Mission., nr. Sth.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME DR. a:.NA THOMAS, first In her pro-
fesslon, has removed to 21S Stockton st.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth it.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader:
past, present ann future; 25c. 148 6th. rm. 10.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 31". O'Fnrrel!
PALMISTRY.
MRS7~KATE BLAIR. acientSc palmist
Phelan building, third floor.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS."
AT $£ 30 PER MONTH INSTALLMENTS AND
UPWARD.
$3 50 per month rent: new pianos.
Heine upright $285 00
Steinway upright 187 50
Chickering upright 2.33 00
Solimer upright 115 00
Knabe upright 273 00
And over 20 bargains from $40 up; buy dlreot
cf manufacturer and save $50 on each piano.
Offlce of
HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO..
136 Ellis st.. Y. M. C. A. building.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $(
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
Fame as If purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 anl
$5 per month. SHERMAN CLAY & CO.,
Etelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
cts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER A CHASE'S.
26. 2*3 and 30 O'Farrell st. planes, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy: prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A FEW Bargains Untli Christmas Only: '
Sterling piano: rosewood case $190
Rival piano: oak case 197
Miller piano, rosewood case 19$
$6 per month: guaranteed 5 years.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. Id O'Farrell st.
THE Vest bargains In the city* can be found !
at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st. Call and see j
the stock In their elegant new rooms.
1 SQUARE Chickering piano, in first-class or-
der, $60. 9 Bartlett, bet. Twenty-first and
Twenty-second sts.
AN elegant almost new Hallett & Davis up- I
right: cheap. Room 10. Flood building.
W. G. BADGER. 41." Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hailet & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright -he . BCHMITZ, 16
McAllister st.. next Hibernia Bank.
SOHMER pianos are the beat. BYRON '
M AUZT. Sole Agent. 30$ Post st.
A FINE Steinway and new Chlckerlng upright :
sacrificed. KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzv. SK Post st.
HAINES Bros." and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post. !
NEARLY new upright piano cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Fairell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
STORAGE.
A NEW fireproof brick bldg.; cut rates. BCRIR-
NER & CO., 1145 Mission St., bet. 7th and Bth.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
. Offlce 401 Post st.. cor. Powell: teL Main C7l& 1
HOUSES TO LET.
13 OR $30,000 to loan you on pianos, without re- ■
moval, at UNCLE HARRIS. If Grant aye.,
near Market st.
A— Send for circular: houses to let all parts of
' city. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery. .
; PERP.Y. 212 I.—Bay-window1 .— Bay-window house, 4 rooms; j
ren*. $12 50; water free. Apply to G. H.
UMBSEN * CO.. Incorporated.
■
WE can rent you a house with or without a ,
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont- :
gomery st.
$13— 6-ROOM house and bath. «87 McAllister I
st. ; sun all day.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY bay-window cottage. 5 rooms; also flat 1
of I rooms and bath; cheap. 1876 Fifteenth ;
St.. rear Dolores. ■■ .-;-:■;■ . ;
FLATS TO LET. ~
; A 47 FLATS, 3to 4 rms., $6 to. $10; 10 days (rea
I A— S3 flats, sto 8 rooms, $11 up, 10 days free.
I A— lo rooms, $25 up. SPECK & CO., 602 Mkt.
FINE flat of 6 rooms at 3S Natoma st.,. near
j Second.
MODERN 7-room flat; will rent cheap to a re- ,
liable family. 1129 McAllister st.
SEVENTH, 4.*', cor. Bryant— A sunny 5-room
fiat, apply between 1 and 3.
SUNNY bay-window flat of 6 rooms and bath;
rent cheap. 1806 Howard st.
WE can rent you a fiat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN A HOWELL. 10 Mont- :
gomery st.
! 541 CASTRO, het. 18th and ISth— 50; dry j
sunny upper flat 6 rooms; porcelain bath.
I $1,000,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches and |
I Jewelry i at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye..
•near Market st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ALVA. May, Laura and all young and beauti-
ful ladles are notified that the highest amount
is loaned on watches, diamonds and Jewelry
at UNCLE HARRIS". 15 Grant aye.. near ;
Market st. |
CAPP, 329—2 sunny rooms upstairs complete
for housekeeping: bath.
CLAY, 24!''. near Fillmore— 2 large unfurnished '
rooms; yard; water; rear; $7.
EDDY, Nicely furnished sunny room with,
kitchen, complete for housekeeping.
EDDY, Desirable sunny connecting ■.-■-
-keeping rooms; upper floor; private residence.
FIFTH. 309— New house; nicely furnished,
gunny, connecting suites; complete for house-
keeping.
FILLMORE. 2114—2 sunny rooms; furnished for
housekeeping.
FOLSOM. 863— A large furnished sunny bed-
room and kitchen and yard.
FOLSOM. 900V4— 2 large sunny rooms for house-
keeping.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 229— Two nicely furnish-
ed rooms; gas; bath.
GOLDEN GATE, 311— Large sunny room for
light housekeeping; complete; gas and bath;
references; $10.
HYDE. 15 2 large sunny unfurnished house-
keeping rooms and bath; reasonable.
LARKIN, 119. opp. City Hall— Handsome sunny
corner suites; also housekeeping and single
rooms; reasonable. . *-. -
MINNA, 2S— Housekeeping and single rooms, $1
per week.
SIXTH, •:'.■'■■: Nice sunny front housekeeping
room; also single rooms for light hkpg ; revs. j
SOUTH PARK, 181— 2 sunny rooms; furnished
for housekeeping; rent, $9.
THIRD, 143— Sunny housekeeping rooms com-
plete; first floor; corner; bath; gas.
THIRD, 309— Sunny front rooms; single, double;
nicely furished, housekeeping; low rent.
TWELFTH. 40. near Market— Large sunny
front suite for housekeeping, or single. $6.
TWELFTH, 143— Sunny furnished rooms; com- j
plete for housekeeping.
VAN NESS -Elegantly furnished sunny
corner, 3 rooms and bath: hkpg; reasonable.
■■'-■-
ROOMS TO LET.
1 PRIVATE roam for gents and two for ladles,
where those who wish to borrow money on
watches and Jewelry are waited on. at UN-
CLE HARRIS!, II Grant aye., nr. Market st.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
ln every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
single: facing plaza; day or month.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Elegant cor. sunny suites
and single rooms to families and gentlemen;
all conveniences; elevator, etc.; reasonable.
BRUNSWICK— I4B Sixth St., corner Howard-
rooms en suite or single, 25c to $1 a night;
II 25 to $5 week: open all night; Howard-st.
cars pass house direct from all trains.
BURNETT, IJ6I Market st— Nicely furnished
rooms; suites and single also, unfurnished.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY. 118— Sunny pleasant furnished rooms; I
central; very desirable: $6 per month upward.
EIGHTH, 120 A —Two front rooms; use of bath;
$7 and $4: private family. i
FIFTH. 438 (Mechanics' House)— Rooms, single
or suite. $1 wk. up; transient. F. W. Gardener.
FURNISHED— Two single rooms for rent. Ap- :
ply 2&29 Sixteenth bet. Mission and Howard.
GOLDEN "West lodging House. 439 Jackson St.,
bet. Montgomery and Sansome; rms. at We,
15c and 20c per day; $1 per wk., $3 per mo.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
I HOWARD, 829— Rooms of all kinds, $1 week
up; housekeeping, $2 up; transient, 25 cents
- to $1.
HOWARD, 1800, cor. Fourteenth— 3 sunny front 1
I rooms; rent $7. j
HOWARD, IS22— Single furnished front room,
$6 mo.; gentlemen preferred; private family.
JONES, 117— Nicely furnished sunny front bay- 1
window large room; light housekeeping priv- j
J lieges; private.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth — Newly furnished 1
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
j O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms: ele- !
vator; electric lights; day. week or month.
1 PINE. SUA. near Kearny — Nicely furnished i
sunny rooms; single or en suite; moderate.
POWELL, 817— Fomerly "Cosmos Club"— I
gantly furnished rooms: reasonable.
SECOND, 127— Nicely furnished housekeeping
and single rooms.
SELL your furniture to UNCLE HARRIS. 15 i
Grant aye., near Market st.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st., ■
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SUTTER, 1111— Clean and comfortable rooms; I
single and en suite; very reasonable rates; j
also housekeeping.
~~ ROOMS AND BOARD.
BUSH. 534— Newly furnished sunny suites and
j single rooms, with or without board; reason-
able. .
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with !
room. $4 a week up: elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Falrmount. 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture: first class in every respect; table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water; elevator;
suites, with board for 2. $50 a month up.
HOWARD, 2606— Large sunny room, grate,
large closet, with family board for 2. $40.
O'FARRELL. 411— A* sunny furnished room for I
2, with board, $40; gas. bath.
1 O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooms: ex- '
cellent board: reasonable: table board.
i PIANOS and trunks stored and money loaned i
on them at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.. j
near Market st.
SUTTER. 1128— Elegant room and board: loca-
tlon unsurpassed: reasonable. !
CHILDREN BOARDED.
I IN good home, mother's care; reasonable; near
school. Call at 1052 East 16th st., Oakland. 1
CHILD to board; nice home; block from
j school: $■** month. 1414 21st aye.. E. Oakland
STORES TO LET.
BARBER shop, furnished, for rent cheap. 3119
Fillmore st,
! NATOMA St., near Third, with living rooms
and fine large bake oven In basement; rent
$23. ASHTON & GARDINER.
i PACIFIC, 524 and 32«, comer Sansome—
handsome stores: very cheap.
I SPLENDID location for dressmaker, dress find-
ings and notion store or for millinery. 702
McAllister st., near Gough.
■TORE with 2 living rooms. 1804 Howard st.;
. rent cheap.
_ . OFFICES TO LET. ~
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 827 Market St.—
Light, heat, lanltor and telephone; rents $12 51
to $20. ASHTON & GARDNER, room 110.
« ■ TO LEASE.
THE St. Charles Hotel. Redwood City; recent^
Iv renovated: to lease; rent reasonable. Ap-
ply H. C SMITH. Hotel St. Nicholas, city.
__ 6 PHYSICIANS. is ~ "-""
REMOVAL Notice— C. C. O'Donnell, offics :
and residence. 1..U, Market, bet. 6th and 7__, j
CITY REAL ESTATE-
ALL that are troubled, whether ally, weekly
or monthly should remember that they can
borrow on their diamonds from UNCLE HAR-
RIS, 15 Grant aye.. near Market st. j
HOUSES built for $150 a room and up: repair '
work done; will call. GEO. M. SALSBURY.
Builder. 521 X St.. Sunset District.
PROPERTY WANTED.
SMALL piece of land, 5 to 20 acres, within 30 j
miles of S. F. ; no agents. Box 147-5. Call.
LOST.
LOST— 3OO shares bearing No. 1357. 200 shares
bearing No. 1243 of Champion Mining Co.
certificates. SCHWARZ, 1 O'Farrell st.
LOST— IS mining deeds and contracts; good
reward for all papers: no value only to owner.
JOHN TILTON. 261& 1 - Harrison st.
LOST— A pass book with The Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of ELIJAH SHAW, No. 196-1093. The
finder will please return to bank.
STOLEN— On Sunday, a brlndle greyhound, 8
months old: a large reward for Its return to
1275 Mastlck St.. San Jose.
LOST— A watch chain with gold slide set with
one emerald, diamond and ruby; monogram
M. I. W. S. on back. Finder will be liber-
ally rewarded by leaving at Call office.
LOST— employing true gentlemen at UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.. near Market St.. the
surety Is given that the most sensitive lady
will receive the kindest treatment; private
entrance and private rooms.
LOST— A lady's gold watch, between Sutter
and Market sts., on Powell, or Powell and
Twelfth, on Market. 17 Glen Park aye.; re-
ward.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
! and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
| name of MARY MURRAY; No. 211-048. The
| finder will please return to bank.
I LOST— About December 17 or 18, two pearl |
| stick pins, connected with chain; return Call i
office and claim reward.
i 627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
I o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
FOUND.
FOUND— An English setter pup. 641 Mission
street.
EDUCATIONAL.
: ENGINEERING School, civil and mining: as-
saying, blow pipe anal., chemistry, geol.,
j mineral, surveying, math., . cyanide method,
! etc. Electrical— Theory and practice, construc-
tion, mech. drawing. Business— Bookkeep-
ing. business practice, shorthand, typing,
languages. English: 24 teachers, day and
eve. : catalogue free. Healds' Business Col-
| lege. 24 Post St.
! A SINGING and operatic training school. Paris
graduate; classes now forming: term, 6 mo.,
$75 piano: languages, French and Spanish,
course, $30; special training during second
term for Paris Exposition, 1900. Rooms 6 and
20, Mercantile bldg., 530 Golden Gate aye.
ROBERT F. GALLAGHER'S Practical Short-
hand and Typewriting School; court reporter
17 years: pupils qualified to be court reporters;
terms reasonable; special evening speed class.
Parrott building, rooms 430-31-32.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
PROF. MERKI. lOOS Mission, nr. Sixth—
mandolin, gul'ar. Juvenile class, $1 monthly;
guitarists wanted for mandolin club: no dues.
! A LADY teaches piano & mandolin thoroughly:
EOc hour: excellent pianist & accompanist for
| entertainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavia st.
I ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit. : day & eve.;
est. 1*64. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
MANDOLIN and guitar lessons, 50c per hour,
J at pupil's home. Box 1320, Call office.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory in
Lelpslc: lessons, 7."c. 110 Hyde st.
INSTRUCTION— piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE. 2941 24th st.
, SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
ket st.; 400 positions secured in last 2 years.
; BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr, 572 Parrott bldg.
j MEDICAL.
ALL ladles will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr.
i Gwyer, formerly of 226 Turk St.. has returned
to the city and resumed business; a sure and
| safe cure for all female diseases from what-
i ever cause; all those who are sick or discour-
j aged should call on the doctor and state their
cases before going elsewhere; they will find
her a true friend: home for patients, with
every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed by
MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy St., between
Hyde and Larkin.
""ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 1228 Market St.;
pills, $1; very strong, $2.
ALL cases of monthly irregularities restored
Instantly (no matter what cause): safe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fall;
travelers helped without delay: home tn con-
finement: skillful medical attention: all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable speciali-*- free and confidential. V,RS.
DR. WYETH. 208 Turk st„ near Jones.
| ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases: posi-
tive-/ safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken In time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box, sent free by mail
on receipt of price; consultation on all special
diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 23 Grant
aye.. S. F. A caution— Before purchasing,
elsewhere write us.
j NEW process sent for female troubles: no mat- !
ter from what cause and how' long standing;
every woman her own physician; safe and
sure: no medicine or instruments used; con-
| sultation free: pills and capsules, $1; cure $5.
By the well-known ladles' physician for 27 i
years. Call and see me for a safe cure. DR. ,
POPPER, 318 Kearny st. |
; A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all !
j cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever j
cause; no Instruments used; guaranteed cure J
I at office, $5; travelers helped Instantly; consult !
free: hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR. ;
KOHL, 1122 Market, bet. Mason and Taylor.
AILMENTS— Ladies In trouble see Drs. Good- |
win free: reliable, safe and sure; cure in 24 i
hours guaranteed; any complaints: no instru-
ments; maternity home: best medical at-
tendance; cure. $5. Removed from 401 D Van
Ness to 1362 A Mkt.. bet. Jones & City Hall ay.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, worlt" -renowned spe-
cialist; all monthly irregularities restored:
whatever cause; all eases relieved Immediate- ,
ly; call or write; confidential. 1023% Market.
ALLmarried ladies know "Seguro," the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS A C 0..408 Clay st. ;
$1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU-
RO MFG. CO., ESI X St.. Sacramento. Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.; private home in confinement, with every j
comfort: best care and attendance: terms !
moderate: Infants adopted Into good homes, !
LADlES— Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills \
< Diamond Brand), best, safe, "-enable; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars:
"Relief for Ladles": letter by return mail: at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Phila.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50:
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
BELLEVUE Sanitarium— Ladies cared for dur-
ing confinement. 727 Bellevue ay., Los Angeles.
LADIES in trouble see DR. WILMONT, mid 7
wife. 101 Eddy st.. room 9; consultation free.
MRS. ACHARD. midwife: pleasant sunny home
In confinement. 156 Second st. : tet. Green .',2.
DENTISTS.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlor- LVsT^vork^at
lowest prices. Full set of teeth $5 up; fillings,
, 25c up. All work absolutely painless: written
guarantee; painless extraction by electricity
our specialty; ten skilled operators; no stu-
dents; the largest and handsomest dental par-
lors west of Chicago; open evening and all
day Sunday. Corner Sixth and Market sts.
A METAL plate for the same price as rub-
ber: full set of teeth, $5; crowns, $3: fill-
ings, EOc; teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years given "ii all
work; no student.* employed; extracting free
when plates are ordered; consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason sts. Entrance S Mason st.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 5Cc; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1122.
DR. GEORGE W, LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns $2, bridges $4; rub-
ber- or flexible plates $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
CROOME Dental Offlce: best work; lowest
prices; painless extracting, filling; crown and
bridge work a specialty; plates. $5 up; filling,
EOc up. 759 Market, bet. 3! & 4th: est. 20 yrs.
FULL set of teeth, $4; fillings, 25c; 22k. gold
crowns. $3; gold bridge. $5; plates repaired;
painless extraction guaranteed. N. Y. DEN-
TISTS. 969 Mission rt.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st.. near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
COLTON Dental Association. 80S Market* st.
DR. CHARLES "V. DECKER.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny; set of teeth
$4; -Ulna. gold. 50c: stiver, 23c; crowns, $3.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
WANTED An Improved ranch for elegant cor-
ner 4-story brick building and lot; 62x100 feet;
building cost $40,000; used as a first-class
hotel. Apply A. M. SPECK ft CO., 602 Mar-
| ket et.
FOR SALE— Country home of F. S. Wensln-
ger; 625 acres, with profitable dairy. Apply
to owner on premises. Freestone. Sonoma Co.
FOR sale— lo acres San Jose; all in trees;
buildings: part trade. 14S0 Church at.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
WANTED — lot ln Richmond, balance can
remain, for house and lot In Alameda. Ad-
i dress J. W.. box 1313. Call.
| GOOD quartz mine on the mother lode. Cala-
veras Co., and 25 lots In this city, all clear,
to exchange for a general ranch. Address
box 1274. Call.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal, no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission st., above
I Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain libera] advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 346 Market St.; tel. Main 1644,
j LOANS to salaried people: no security except
name. New Era Loan Co.. Ifio3\_ Broadway,
; Oakland. Hours. IP to 3.
: ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland: no re-
moval: low rates: no commission $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. ISO Powell st.
I ANY amount of Shi per cent on real estate, 2d I
and 3d mortgagee, estates, rap! estate In pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
! BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE. 22 Mason st.. opp. Olympia Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interest* In
I estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
I $50 TO SSO.OCO; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
' any proposition Drvden. 413 Montgomery st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
— .
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
ELEGANT home. Adams Point property, ad-
Joining Vernon Heights; a beautiful new resi-
dence, just built; 9 rooms, bath, reception
hall, two pantries, etc.; plumbing latest and j
beat; plate glass windows: hot air heater,
with pipes to all rooms and halls: lot 60x125;
more land can be had If desired; this Is I
certainly a model residence; picture of same
will be sent on application: price $6000; terms
to suit purchaser. LAKE SHORE LAND j
CO.. A. H. BREED, manager, 1070 Broadway,
Oakland. Cal.
j OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. hT^CHELL^
HAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh st. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$800—50x125 LOT on San Antonio aye.
$1100—50x268 lot on Benton st., near Santa
Clara aye.
$1500— New 5-room cottage, on Grand st. ; work
all done.
$2500—50x200 house, 8 rooms; windmill and
tank.
$3500 — elegant new house, 8 rooms;
modern: at Morton-6t. station; easy terms.
gains in all parts of Alameda. Offlce
open Sundays.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 Park st , Alameda.
BEHKE-iIY REAL ESTATE.
A VERY sensible New Year's present— A love-
ly cottage of 7 rooms; all the latest Improve-
ments: street work all done and near the
university; a regular poem. J. J. MASON,
real estate, Berkeley station.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
— ___ —^
A— BAR outfits, counters, shelving, showcases
(all sizes), office fixtures, cash register,
scales, coffee mills, etc., bought and sold; es-
timates given. J. SCHWERDT, 821 Mission.
: BARNES screw-cutting lathe; complete 12 in.,
i swing. 42 in., bet. centers; almost new. 6 -S
i Mission.
i BARNES screw-cutting lathe, complete; 12-
Inch swing; 42 Inches between centers; almost
j new. 64*5 Mission st.
WANTED— S to 10 cases of eggs per week. Box
' 1317, Call office.
$15— DOMESTIC sewing machine, in good order:
complete. 191." Mission St., near Fifteenth.
FINE thoroughbred Great Dane pups; 7 week*'
j old: full pedigree given. 216-j. Sixth -'
GASOLINE launch: good condition and fast
j price $1250. Box 1301. Call office. ;
__ v
INCUBATOR; 240 eggs; improved Stockton; $15:'
! 2*05 Folsom 6t.
600 MATED pigeons, squabs, coops, etc., cheap. |
j 611 Turk st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters ;
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
i niture and fixtures: new and second hand. J
NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021- Mission St..
I ' above Sixth.
! FOR belting, pump cups, lace leather, pulleys.:
etc., Cal. Belt Co.. tel. Br. 331. 519 Mission.
j BOILERS, engines, pumps, belting, dynamos.
second hand. WHITE'S. 516-518-520 M i sslon j
AM. Iron Wks., 515 Sixth— Second-hand lean-
duplex pump. 74*10; 24-ln. planer & matcher. I
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
-423 Sacramento St.
( SAFES^-Bargalns ln new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
ONE and 2 bowl barber washstands. cheap.
HUFSCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye. j
MABBIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows;
John D. Stegemann and Elsa L. Drews 29-18
Giorgio Cortopassi and Fellcita Delvcchl..2S-24
Charles Baumann and Louise Edelmann. .S9-40
W. T. Duerrbeck and Josephine Bartlett. ..4o-24
John W. Brooka and Winnifred F. C01e... 22-21
John Andersen and Caroline Mathiesen. 53-44
Hermann Lewis and Beckie Green 36-24
William Wempe and Marie yon 8rebu11.... 40-26
William Glesel and Pauline Verhagen 52-40
Aaron W. Lyon and Mary E. Carlisle 29-27
BffiYHg—MiBBUSES— DEATH,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
JUST— In this city, January 5. 1390, to the
wife of Charles Just, a son.
NORTH— this city, January 7, 1599, to the
wife of John G. North, a son.
PARK In Alameda, Alameda County, to the
wife of Charles A. Tark, a son. j
_________
~~^-TabbYed.
ANDERSEN— KALLMAN— In this city, Janu- !
ary 7, 1599, by the Rev. E. Nelander, Mar- |
tinius Andersen and Hilda C. Kallman. both ,
of San Francisco.
HARRISON— STARK— In this city, January 8,
1899, at the First Unitarian Church, by the
Rev. Roderick Stebbins, Alfred Harrison and
Elizabeth Stark, both of San Francisco.
LKE-TRABI'E— In this city, January
8, 1599, by the Rev. W. E. Dugan, David Lee-
Trabue and Inger Korb, both of San Fran-
cisco.
ANDERSON— In this city, October
12, 1838, by G..W. F. Cook. Justice of the
Peace, William Charles Miller and Lulu
Pheamy Anderson, both of Oakland, Cal.- "-
DIED. ~~
Atkins. William A. Herald. Joseph W.
Anderson. Amund. Herbert. John E.
Baehr, William Higglns. Ethel G.
Boebinger, Augusta Kearney, Barney
Brag, Peter M. Kllgore, Arthur S.
Brennan, James kfuSweeney, James P.
Brooks. Katie Mangels, Eater
Burgess, Mrs. D. Meek.-, Edward
Bushman, John Morgan. Ethel C.
Chase, Charles M. Paiacnj. Edmund
Cornell. John G. Phillips, Capt. R. O.
Daly, John Shaner, Aaron
Dooley. Mary E. Smith. Amy C.
Geohegan, Thomas Tideil, Margaret
Gray, John Tally, Peter E.
Haserty, Margaret Upham, Elizabeth H.
Hedges, Emanuel S. Vivian, Catherine
Heineberg, Rika Wilson, Henry E.
ATKINS— In Oakland. January 8, 1*99, Wil-
liam Arthur Atkins, a native of England,
aged 25 years 2 months and 4 days.
ANDERSON— In Sdn Rafael, January 7. 1899.
Amund, beloved husband of Mwhilde Ander-
son, a native of Norway, aged 55 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence In San Rafael.
BAEHR— In this city, January 8, 1899, Wil-
liam, beloved husband of Augusta Baehr,
and father of Mrs. H. Graf and Harry and
William Baehr Jr., a native of Hanover, Ger-
many, aged 67 years 10 months and 15 days.
(CTFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at the
residence of his daughter, 1123 Scott street.
Interment strictly private. Please omit
flowers. -7 .-.-.,:,
BOEBINGER— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, January 7, 1599, Augusta Boeblnger, a
* native of Germany, aged 74 years.
BRAG— In this city, January 9, IStt, Peter M
beloved son of the late Peter and Ellen Brag,
and brother of Richard. Henry, Ellen and
Johanna Brag, a native of San Francisco,
aged IS years 9 months and 28 days.
BRENNAN— In the City and County Hospital.
January 9, 1899. James Brennan, a native of
Ireland, aged 65 years.
BROOKS— In this city. January 7, 1899. Katie
beloved wife of Patrick J. Brooks and
mother of Will:- Tessie and George Brooks.
a native of San Francisco, aged 23 years and
6 months.
EFFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 ociock. from her la-- resi-
dence, as Elsie street, off Cortland avenue,
thence to St. John's Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery-
BURGESS— Oakland, at the German Alten-
heim. January 8, __», Mrs. Dorothea Bur-
gess, a native of Germany, aged 84 years
and 21 .lays.
"C7"Fnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at the
German Altenheim, Oakland. Interment
Mountafn View Cemetery-
BUSHMAN- In this city. January K. 15".9, John
B_r=hn.ar., a native of Le-ste. Amt Syke.
Germany, aged 62 years 6 months and 13 days.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
Wednesday, at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission street, be-
tween Fifth and Sixth.
CHASE— In this city. January 9, 1899, Charles
M . husband of Kate Chase, a native of Bal-
timore. Ml.
CORNELL— In Marysville. January 9. 1899.
John G. Cornell, a native of White Plains.
N. V., aired 89 years and 6 months. A mem-
ber of the Society of California Pioneers.
DALY— the City and County Hospital,
January 8. 1899, John Daly, a native of Ire-
land, aged 45 years.
DOOLET— In this city. January 8. 18M, Mary
E., wife of P. Dootay, beloved daughter of
Ellen and the late Martin Lynott, mother of
John, Ellen and Edward Dooley, and sister
of Patrick and Alex Lynott, Mrs. K. Xavler
and Mrs. J. Oates, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 35 years.
CS'FriHni-' and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2563 Post street, thence to St. Dom-
inic's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemrtery.
GEOHEGAN— In Petaluma. January 9, 1(?9«,
Thomas, beloved husband of Kate Geohegan,
and father of Mrs. F. J. Starke and Lena,
Kate and Thomas Geohegan. aged 68 years.
IL?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, at Petaluma.
GRAY— In Bennet Valley, John Gray, a native
of Glasgow. Scotland, aged 63 years.
l£7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at Santa Rosa, at 12:30 o'clock.
HAGERTY— In this city. January 9. I>>99, Mar-
garet, relict of the late Daniel Hagerty, and
dearly beloved mother of Mrs. A. C. For-
sythe, Mrs. John Connell. Mrs. George Chase,
Mrs. John Laily and Sadie, Robert, William.
John and Frank Hagerty, a native of County
Louth. Ireland, aged 62 years 7 months and
11 days.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1218 B Fulton street, thence to Sta-
ered Heart Church, Fillmore and Fell streets,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commencing
at 9:45 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
HEDGES— In Novato. Cal., January 8. 1*99.
Emanuel S. Hedges, a native of Elizabeth,
N. J., aged 32 years. (Cincinnati papers
please copy.)
E?"Tho funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co.
HEINEBERG— In this city, January 9, 1899,
R!*ka Hftlneberg, beloved mother of Joseph.
Jacob, Elfrieda and Golda Heineberg, Mrs.
M. Blumentha! and Mrs. B. F. Phillips, a na-
tive of Westphalia, Germany, aged 71 years
and 10 months.
HERALD— In this city, January 0. 1899. Joseph
Waiter, son of E. H. and "Mary Hera:. and
brother of Edwin and the late Eda Herald.
a native of Pan Francisco, aged 3 months.
(L?*Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 1131 York street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HERBERT— In this city, January 7, 1899, John
E-. beloved son of Edmond and Ellen Her-
bert, a native of Manchester, England, aged
30 years and 6 months.
C7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew ft English, 41 Van Ness avenue.
Interment private, Holy Cross Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
JUGGINS— In Alameda. January 9. 1899. Ethel
Grace, beloved .laughter of Theodore A. and
Hattie I. Higgins, a native of California,
aged 3 months and 24 days.
KEARNEY— this city, January 8. 1899, Bar-
ney, dearly beloved husband of Cella Rear*
ney, father of Mamie Frances. James.
Roddy and Benford Kearney, and brother of
Roger Kearney and Mrs. James Dougherty,
a native of Ireland, age 1 3S years.
CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
KILGORE— In this city, January 8, 18M Ar-
thur S., beloved son of Arthur M. and Helen
A. Kllgore, a native of Germany, -,ge>i 18
years 5 months and 6 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the mortu-
ary chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking
Company. 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-
first. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. Re-
mains at the parlors of the Golden Gate Un-
dertaking Company, 2429 Mission street, near
Twenty-first.
McSWEENEY— In this city, January 9, 1899,
James Paul, beloved husband of Margaret
McSweeney, and father of Paul, Lloyd and
the late Irene McSweeney, a native of Ire-
land, aged 52 years 7 months and 2 days. A
member of Magnolia Lodge No. 41. A. O. U.
W.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend th» funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 3940 Clay street, thence to Star of
the Sea Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
MANGELS— In this city. January 9, 1899. Ester,
dearly beloved daughter of Henry and Pearl
Mangels, sister of Pearl. August and Mai 1
Mangels, and granddaughter of Mrs. Anna
Muller, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
years 4 months and 7 days.
tC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the fur.eral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, rom the resi-
dence of her parents, 1142Va Folsom street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MEEKS— Oakland, January 8, 1599, Edward
Meeks. a native of San Francisco, aged 38
years 4 months and 3 days.
MORGAN— In this city. January 9. 1899, Ethel
C, dearly beloved daughter of William M.
and Ange M. Morgan, and sister of Earl
Morgan, a native of San Francisco, aged *»
months and 21 days.
PALACHE— In this city, January 8, 1599, Ed-
mund Palache, beloved father of Nellie G.
Rosenberg, and brother of Gilbert and James
Palache, a native of Kingston, Jamaica,
aged 72 years.
C7"Funeral services will be held this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at Bethany Congre-
fational Church. Bartlett street, near Twen-
y-flfth. Interment private. Please omit
flowers.
PHILLIPS— In this elty, January 9, 1599. Cap-
tain Roilin Oliver, beloved husband of Mary
J. Phillips of Lincoln. Nebr., a native of
Jefferson, Greene County, Pa., aged 56 years
8 months and 11 days. (Chicago Tribune
please copy.)
SHANER— San Rafael, January 8, 1899,
Aaron, beloved husband of Annie J. Shaner,
aged 76 years and 10 months.
SMITH— In this city, January 6. 1599, Amy C,
beloved wife of Captain Samuel P. Smith,
and sister of Mrs. Charlotte J. Smith, a na-
tive of Massachusetts, aged 35 years 11
months and 7 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2423 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Massachusetts.
TIDELL— In this city, January 7, 1599. Mar-
garet, beloved wife of Andrew Tideil, and
mother of Andrew Tideil Jr.. a native of
County Limerick, Ireland, aged 52 years.
C7"Friende and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1616 Green street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
TULLY— this city. January 7. 1899, Peter
Edvard. beloved son of Thomas and Abble
Tully. a native of San . Francisco, aged 1
year 5 months and 20 days.
UPHAM— In this city. January 7. 1599, Eliza-
beth H., beloved wife of L. M. Upham. and
mother of Mamie, Robert and Oarer.' Up-
ham, a native of Clinton, lowa, aged 41 years
- 10 months and 7 days - -
(_7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funreal this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, 123
Stockton street, corner of Geary. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
VIVIAN— In this city, January 7, 1899, Cath-
erine Vivian, mother of Mrs. A. T. Butler
and Thomas H., Richard D. and Robert P.
Vivian, a native of Ireland, aged 6- years.
C?"Frfend'S and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her son. Thomas H. Vivian, 12 Essex
street. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
WILSON— In this city, January 8. 1899, Henry
Edward Wilson, a native of Illinois, aged 34
years.
I. O. O. Oriental Rebekah Lodge No. 90,
I. O. O. F. : Officers and members— You are
hereby notified to assemble in Propect Hail
this day (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, to attend
the funeral of our late brother, Henry E.
Wilson. MAY E. MORGAN. N. G.
■ . ' L_i
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher).
rUKERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAL:'?_RJ_
(6 Fifth st., opposite Llnoola _c_*o_,
Telephone South 10. *
1314
WELCOMED TO SOCIETY'S CHARMED CIRCLE
Debut of Miss Grace and Miss Lillian
Spreckels— A Brilliant Reception and
Ball Marked the Fashionable
Occasion,
THE ball given by Mr. and Mrs.
John D. Spreckels last evening at
the Native Sons' Hall, in honor
of their daughters' advent into
the world of society, was in every
sense a success. Despite the in
clement weather a host of friends were
present to wish all happiness and joy
to the two young ladies. The event was
undoubtedly the social occasion of the
season. It marked the formal debut
of- the Misses Lillian and Grace Spreck
els.
The decorations of the hall, while
modest in their pretensions, were yet
in such perfect taste that the effect was
more than pleasing. Around the walls
"on a background of gray silver cloth
was fastened numerous palm leaves.
The overshadowing color of the soft
green blended harmoniously with the
more striking silver. From the center
of the ceiling was suspended an im
mense canopy of tropical ferns and
potted plants, while from the corners of
the hall were hung smaller canopies
filled with rich tropical plants and rare
exotics. The galleries were hidden
from sight behind an Immense bank of
palms, branches of redwood and other
sweet scented plants. From the ar
cade, caught in graceful loops, were
bands of blue and pink silk, that ran
continuously round the hall. The ef
fect of this was most delightful to the
eye, as it was to enhance the richness
of the green.
The music; which was furnished by
Rosner's Hungarian Orchestra, was
hidden from sight on the stage behind
a bank- of palms and ferns. These
plants, twenty feet in height, entirely
obscured the stage. Hidden among the
foliage were many incandescent lights
of various colors. Durinsr the dances
the main lights in the hall were dark
ened, and from the stage the effects of
the variegated colors filtering through
the foliage and casting their mellow
rays over the forms of the dancers as
they threaded their way through the
mystic measures of the waltz made a
scene beautiful in the extreme. It was
heightened by the aid of calcium lights.
These also were turned on the dancers
from behind the bank of foliage, and
\n turn they were covered by glass
panels of different colors, so that at
times it appeared as if the color was
the dominant factor in the scene of
rare and rich beauty.
It was fully 10 o'clock before the
guests began to arrive and from that
time until nearly midnight one contin
uous stream of carriages kept rolling
up to the porte-cochere, depositing
their loads of beautifully gowned
women and well dressed men. Mr. and
Mrs. Spreckels arrived before their
guests and took their stand in the main
hall just to the right of the entrance.
They were Immediately joined by the
receiving* party proper. AVhile they
awaited their guests the time was
passed in pleasant exchanging of felici
tations in honor of the occasion.
The decorations in the main recep
tion room were in green smllax and
roses, while the foyer was in green with
a suggestion of cedar. Everywhere
there was color and light. Once the
assemblage had gathered the scene be
came truly brilliant. The costumes of
the ladies were all that the art of the
dressmaker could conceive, while
among the throng there were not a few
creations that emanated from Felix and
Dusee. It was generally commented on
that there has rarely been seen to
gether so many beautiful women.
With the gathering of the guests the
festivities began. They continued to
pour in with a volume of good wishes
and congratulations, and the two
Miss Spreckels were kept busy for over
two hours doing the honors — and most
gracefully and modestly did they de
port themselves. That they achieved
such a gratifying success is due solely
to their own charm of manner and in
nate sense of propriety. Mr. and Mrs.
Spreckels were the recipients also of
the felicitations of their friends. The
assemblage, embraced the young and
old alike, for it was but befitting that
old age and youth should join hands in
merrymaking on such an occasion.
The dancing began at 11 o'clock. With
the first notes of the dreamy waltz the
floor became a scene of motion —
ful motion in which the grace of woman
and the agility of man made a picture
pleasing to the eye. True it was slightly
crowded, but no one seemed to mind
that at all, and there was always room
for one more couple. Hardly would the
notes of the waltz subside before the
lively strains of the catchy two-step
would set every foot agoing and then
again the young people made merry,
While the more settled folks sat and
.'looked on at the enjoyment in which
they were co-equal participants with
the dancers. To the eye the effects of
the beautiful gowns worn by the women
was especially noticeable during the
dancing.
•i It was after midnight when the col
lation was served. Covers were laid for
550 guests. The banquet hall was on
the first floor. In point of menu and
excellence of service it was one of the
most perfect feasts that has been
served in San Francisco for many years.
From the oysters to the coffee there
was everything that could tempt the
taste.
The scene at the supper was one of
' festivity heightened by personal enjoy
ment that was not soon to be forgotten.
Many were the crystal bumpers that
were filled to toast the health of the
two fair hostesses. The supper lasted
considerably over an hour. At Its con
clusion the dancing was resumed and
continued until a late hour, when after
one of the most enjoyable occasions
ever experienced In the social circles of
his city the guests took their depart
are, carrying away with them a mem
ory that can never be effaced.
,_: »
THE GOWNS.
Mrs. John D. Spr*ckels wore a very
elegant gown cf wHite gros grain silk,
dotted with black velvet and bordered
with cherry colored chenille. The bo
dice was finished with exquisite point
lace and clusters of cherry colored pop
ples.
Miss Grace Spreckels was exquisitely
gowned in airy white tulle over white
silk. The skirt was made en train,
with three circular flounces, embroid
ered in white and silver. The bodice
was ornamented with a cluster of pink
crush roses.
Miss Lillian Spreckels wore a dainty
costume of white mousseline de soie
over white taffeta. The baby waist was
covered with bowknots of shirred baby
ribbon, and was finished at the waist
line with a soft white satin belt.
Mrs. Louisa Barroilhet was regal in
white satin, draped with silver span
gled tulle; silver ornaments on shoul
ders and short sleeves of Duchesse lace.
Mrs. Henry L. Dodge wore a lovely
creation of changeable cream and rose
colored satin, with handsome Duchesse
lace tabliers. The bodice was finished
with jeweled trimming and violets.
Mrs. Wakefield Baker was attired ln
pink satin covered with embroidered
chiffon and trimmed with violets, roses
and point applique.
Mrs. Timothy Hopkins wore an elab
orate white Duchesse satin covered
with silver pailletts in sunburst pat
tern. The bodice was draped with sun
burst tulle and finished with sleeves of
pale blue mousseline de soie.
Mrs. Robert Oxnard wore yellow
satin embroidered in yellow chenille
and gold spangles; elbow sleeves of net.
Mrs. Samuel G. Buckbee wore white
satin and tulle, gold spangled. Orna
ments, diamonds.
Mrs. Marcus — Black tulle,
ruffled to the waist. Bodice embroid
ered in jet and silver beads and finished
with large choux of turquoise blue
velvet.
Mrs. O. F. Long— applique lace
over rose satin, embellished with Jew
eled butterflies. Pink satin roses round
top of low-cut bodice.
Mrs. Chauncey Winslow— White satin
THE SAN, FRANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, JANUARY 10, 1599.
skirt trimmed with deep flounce of chif
fon, outlined with ruchings of ribbon
and chiffon. Chiffon embroidered in
pearls and rhinestones formed the gar
niture of the bodice.
Mrs. W. Winterberg — satin
combined with white satin, gold lace
and black tulle.
Miss Alice Moffltt— Skirt of pink
mousseline de sole arid violet velvet bo
dice. ' v r, -■;■
Miss Jennie Blair— White mousseline
de soie dotted with dewdrops, over
white silk. Bodice white satin under
mousseline de soie, with girdle of white
satin embroidered in silver spangles.'
Miss Therese Morgan— Turquoise blue
poplin covered with white applique lace,
spangled with silver.
Miss Alice Borel— White satin veiled
in white tulle.
Miss Anita Borel— satin with
pearl and lace trimmings.
Miss Davis— lace over white
silk; jet trimmings.
Miss Lucy Stevens of New York-
Pink satin embroidered in silver, fin
ished at neck with ruches of pink chif
fon.
Miss Morrow— White mousseline de
sole over white taffeta; tiny ruffles to
the waist.
Miss Emma Forthmann — chif
fon over yellow silk, with cherry col
ored trimmings.
Miss S. Forthmann — Pink taffeta and
pearl ornaments. .;
Mrs. George Howard— White satin
veiled in black spangled net, with
trimmings of violet velvet.
Mrs. Monroe Salisbury ßlack velvet
bodice, trimmed with steel fringe.
Miss Kate Salisbury— lace cos
tume; red roses. vyy.- ""-. . -
Miss Margaret Salisbury green
brocaded satin, with trimmings of
white satin and mousseline de sole.
Miss Romie Wallace— Black Cbantilly
lace over white satin; girdle of tur
quoise blue velvet.
Mrs. George H. Lent— Bodice of blue
satin and white mousseline -de sole,
trimmed with silver spangels. Diamond
ornaments. y'.v '?<?
Miss Alma McClung— spangled
chiffon over white silk. .
. Mrs. Louis F. Monteagle — Blue net
over blue satin; bands of blue velvet
on.bodice; ornaments, diamonds.
Mrs. Homer S. King— satin,
embroidered in pearls; sleeves and belt
of rose-colored velvet. . .
Mrs. John McMullin — "White brocaded
satin, ; trimmed with gold fringe and
duchesse lace.
Mrs. Rebecca McMullln-Belvin— Black
Chantilly lace over white silk: black
velvet bodice with jet trimmings; orna
ments, pearls and diamonds.
Mrs. Alfred S. Tubbs— Lavender silk,
en train, with ruches arid sash of white
chiffon.
Mrs. William G. Irwin— Ecru lace
over yellow chiffon; bodice trimmed
with blue velvet, spangles and mink.
Miss Bernice Drown — Spangled mous
seline de sole bodice, trimmed with
coarse yellow lace.
Mrs. William Whittier— Pale blue
satin, with silver spangles.
Miss Olive Holbrook— Pink silk with
insertions : of valencienne lace; frills of
pink ribbon and white lace.
Mrs. . 'Samuel Knight ßobln's-egg
blue velvet over white satin petticoat;
bodice, white tulle and spangles.
Mrs. James D. Whitney— Chan
tllly lace - over white silk; Jet trim
mings. '.':/.
THE GUESTS.
Following is a list of the guests:
Mr. and Mrs. G. Ashe, Mr. and Mrs. W.
Alvord.-Mr. and -Mrs. G. P. Ayers, the
Misses Ayers, the Misses Ames, V.
Artsimovitch, j Miss •E. Adams, W. F.
Aldrich, A. F. Allen. Wallace Alexander.
Mrs. Belvin, Mr. and Mrs. T. Blakeman,
Mr. and Mrs. Breedon, the Misses Borel,
A. Borel, -Miss Blair, Mr. and Mrs.
Berthau A. St. John Bowie, Truxton
Beale, J. W. Byrne, Mrs. F. H. Beaver,
Mr. and Mrs. W.. Babcock, Mrs. J. Brown,
Captain and Mrs. Brice, Miss Brownson,
Mr. and. Mrs. R. Boyle, Mr. and Mrs. H.
Bothin, Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Buckbee,
Mr. and Mrs. Spencer Buckbee, Mr. and
Mrs. AY. Baker, John Blanchard, F. H.
Bottum Miss Burling, T. D. Boardman,
S. H. Boardman, Thomas Breeze, W.
Breeze, Everett N. Bee, Dr. P. K. Brown,
Lloyd Baldwin, Miss Buckbee, the Misses
Blgiey, L. T. Breckinridge, Miss Grace
Baldwin, Mrs. Barroilhet, Dr. and Mrs.
A. Bryant, R. C. Bolton, Dr. H. Carolan,
Mrs. AY. Center, Miss L. Center, the
Misses Collier, Mr. and Mrs. R. Carmany,
Miss Carmany, Miss Carrol, Mrs. Cald
well. Miss Caldwell.- G. L. Cadwalader,
Mr. Cadwalader, Miss Cadwalader, W.
L. Carrigan, F. Coon, the Misses Cole,
Mrs. E. B. Coleman, Leonard Chenery,
Mrs. J. B. F. Davis, the Misses Davis,
Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Deane, W. L. Deane.
George Crocker, A. B. Costigan, Mr. and
Mrs. Chesebrough, Mr. and Mrs. H. J.
Crocker, Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Crocker,
Mrs. S. B. Cushing, Mr. and Mrs. W.
Clark, Mr. and Mrs. Cooper, Miss Cooper,
Miss Curry, E. de Coulon. Mr. and Mrs.
Chase, Mr. and Mrs. B. Cornwall. W. B.
Collier, Mr. and Mrs. E. Dimond, Mr. and
Mrs. H. L. Dodge. Mrs. M. Dodd, Mr. and
Mrs.'de Ruyter, R. McKee Duperu, John
Dolbeer, Miss Dolbeer, Mr. and Mrs. W.
S. Davis, Mr. and Mrs. J. Doolittle, W.
Denman, Miss Denman, F. P Deering,
H. W. Dimond, H. S. Dutton, Miss Drown,
W. N. Drown, Mr. Dibble, Miss Dibble,
B. L. Davis, H. F. Dutton, Miss Dunn, Mr.
and Mrs. A. Easton, Mr. and Mrs. Ehr
man, R. Eyre, Mr. and Mrs. E. L. Eyre,
Dr. Ellinwood, Miss Ellinwood, Miss Fol-
lis. Miss Forman, Mrs. S. Forman, Mrs.
Fechtler, Mr. and Mrs. Farquharson, T.
C. Freidlander, C. Froelich Jr., Mr. and
Mrs. H. Fortman, the Misses Fortman,
W. de Fremery, C. Fernald, Miss A. Find
ley, Mr. and Mrs. T. H. Green, Dr. and j
Mrs. H. Gibbons, Miss Gibbons, Dr. M.
Gibbons, Mr. Gibbons, Mr. and Mrs. A. |
Gallatin, F. Greenwood, Miss Greenwood,
Mr. and Mrs. A. Gerberding. Mr. and Mrs.
M. Gerstle, Mr. and Mrs. W. L. Gerstle,
B. J. Grimwood, E. M. Greenway. J. E.
Godley, Mr. and Mrs. W. D. K. Gibson,
R. Herold, B. Holladay. J. F. Houghton,
Mr. and Mrs. T. Hopkins, Mr. and Mrs.
v Hueter, J. E. Hall, Mr. and Mrs. William
Greer Harrison, H. Holbrook, Miss Hol
brook, the Misses Hooper, the Misses
Hamilton. W. H. Hamilton, R. Hooker,
Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Hasson.
Mr. and Mrs. I. Hellman. the Misses
Hush, Mr. and Mrs. I. W. Heliman,
Judge and Mrs. Hayne, the Misses Hop
kins, Mr. and Mrs. G. Howard, Mr. and
Mrs H. Hill, A. F. Hopke, W. P. Hum
phreys, K. Howard, H. G. Hotaling. Miss
G. Hecht, G. C. Harrison. W R. Heath,
Jerome Hart, the Misses Hutchinson, P.
C. Hutchinson. Miss Hutching, Mr. and
Mrs. A. C. Hellman, R. B. Hine, Mr. and
Mrs W. G. Irwin, Mr. and Mrs. W.
Jones, Mr. and Mrs. J. Je wett - W. S.
Jones Mr. and Mrs. P. Jarboe S. Jack
son, Lansing Kellogg. Mr and Mrs. S.
Kip, Miss Kohl. Mr. and Mrs. CF Kohl,
Miss Kelly, Mr. and Mrs. .H. King, F.
King Mr and Mrs. S. Knight, Mr. and
Mrs. 'C. M. Keeney, P. King, J. L. King.
A. Kayes, F. S. Knight, Miss Kip, Miss
Landers, G. Loughborough the Misses
Loughborough, Miss Lemke Mr and
Mr* W. S. Leake, Mr. and Mrs. G. H.
Lent, Dr. R. Lorini, Mr. and Mrs. W. S.
Lyle' Mr and Mrs. Lake, Mr. and Mrs.
L. Lisser, Mr. and Mrs. G. do Latour,
Mr. and Mrs. E. R. Lilienthal. J. M.
Lewis. Miss F. de Long, Mr. and Mrs F.
McLennan, Fred Magee, Maywell Mc-
"Nutt, Mr. and Mrs. D. T. Murphy, Peter
Martin, Mrs. E. Martin, Mr. and Mrs. W.
P. Morgan, the Misses Morgan, Mr. and
Mrs. Thomas Magee. Mr. and Mrs. C.
Mullins, Miss Mullins, Mr. and Mrs. J.
L. Moody, the Misses Moody, Mr. and
Mrs. AY. H. Mills, the -Misses Mills, Mr
and Mrs. G. Marcus, H. Macfarlane R
McKee, Judge and Mrs. AY. AY. Morrow'
Miss Morrow. Mrs. C. Mangels. Mis 3
Mangels, M. F. Michael, Mrs. J. McMul
lin, Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Monteagle, Mr. and
Mrs. J. W. McClung, Mr. and Mrs. H
McAllister, Ward McAllister Jr., G t'
Marye, E. L. McCormick, E. McAfee g'
A. Martin, Miss McClung. Fletcher Mc-
Nutt, Latham McMullin, Mr. and Mrs M
H. McAllister, Mrs. J. G. James. '
Mr. and Airs. E. F. Preston, W. Mc-
Lame, E. Mills, E. E. Messersmith, Paul
S. Miller, F. W. McNear, Lansing Mizner
Mr. and Mrs. C. Meyer, Miss A. Mas ten'
J. B. Metcalf, A. McKinnon. Miss Madi
son, Mr. and Mrs. A. McCarthy, Miss A.
Moffltt. G. Newhall, Mr. and Mrs. M. New
hall, Mr. and Mrs. J. R. Nuttall, R. Nor
ris, C. A. Noble, Mr. and Mrs. R. Oxnard,
Mr. and Mrs. J. Otis, the Misses Ogo,
the Misses Preston, Miss Palmer, Mr. and
Mrs. G. Perine, Mr. and Mrs. G. Pope,
Mr. and Mrs. F. Powers, Captain and
Mrs. Payson, Miss Powers, Mr. and Mrs.
T. Pierce. Count dv Pare, S. H. Powers
Jr., AY. B. Pringle. E. D. Peixotto, Mr. and
Mrs C. Page, Prince and Princess Ponia
towski, J. Polhemus, Miss Fatten, Hon.
James D. Phelan. Mr. and Mrs. C. Pe
ters, Miss Polhemus, J. M. Quay. H. Red
ington, J. Reid, Major and Mrs. Rathbone,
F. Reis Jr., Mr. and Mrs. I. Requa, Lloyd
Robbins, Lieutenant I. Games Roberts,
B. Ransome, Colonel and Mrs. Smedberg,
Miss Smedberg, Mr. and Mrs. E. G.
Schmieden, Mr. and Mrs. M. Salisbury,
the Misses Salisbury, H. STetson Mr. and
Mrs. H. Schussler, the Misses Schussler,
Mr. and Mrs. J. Smith, the Misses Smith,
T. M. Scott, H. T. Scott, Baron yon
Schroeder, Baron Alexander yon Schroe-
I der, Mr. and Mrs. L. Sloss. E. H. Sheldon,
1. E. Smith. C. McK. Smith. Miss F.
Stone, W. B. Story, Mrs. Simons. Miss
Sharon, J. Sanborn, Miss Sanborn. Mr.
Sotnmers.'Miss E. Stubbs, Mr. and Mrs.
J. C. Stubbs, Miss Stevens, S. B. Stevens,
Waiter Scott, E. C. Sessions Jr.
Mr. and Mrs. Claus Spreckels, A. B.
■ Spreckels, Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Spreckels.
Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Taylor, Captain
and Mrs. W. Taylor, Miss Taylor, A. Tay
lor, AY. Taylor, Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Tobin,
Mr. and Mrs. A Tubbs. Mr. and Mrs. A.
C. Tubbs, J W. Twiggs. Mr. and Mrs. F.
Tillman, Mr. and Mrs. AY. Tubbs Dr.
H. Tevis, j. Thorn, P. Tompkins.
L. E. A an AA inkle, Judge and Mrs. Van
Fleet, Mr. and Mrs. Van Ness, Miss Van
Ness, T. C, A'an Ness, Dr. A. H. Voor
hies, H. Veuve, Mr. de Laveaga, Dr. and
Mrs. de Vecchl. the Misses Voorhies.
Mrs. J. Walker. Miss AA'iddefleld, Miss
Wood. Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Wood, Mr.
and Mrs. K. Wood, the Misses Wood.
Judge and Mrs. Wallace. Miss "Wallace.
Mr. and Mr?. G. Wells, Miss Wells, Dr.
and Mrs. Winterberg, Mr. and Mrs. C.
AA'lnslow, Dr. and Mrs. Whitney, General
and Mrs. Warfield, E. "Warfield, M. Wide
man, Dr. W. Winterberg, Mr. and Mrs.
C. Worden, Mr. and Mrs. Westhoff, Miss
H. Wagner. Mr. and Mrs. W. Whittier. W.
F. Whittier, Mr. and Mrs. C. Walker, D.
Watson, A. M. Wilcox, N. N. Wilson, G.
Woolrlch, Mrs. R. AA'etherbee.
Mr. and Mrs. F. Zeile, Mr. and Mrs.
Zimmerman, Miss Zwieg, Miss Zano.
THREE DFSPERATE FISHERMEN
With Rifles They Take Seized Nets
From Deputy Commissioners.
According to the report of Deputy Fish
Commissioner M. J. Byrnes of Mendocino
City he has had a lively time with the
illegal fishermen of Noyo River. A short
time ago he hired a man named Nelson
to help him make a run on the river in
search of Illegal nets. Within a distance
of three miles they found and confiscated
three nets which had been stretched
across the river by the owners. This
is in direct violation of the State fish and
game laws. These nets were confiscated
and taken in the boat, which was rowed
down to the bridge. Nelson was left in
charge of the boat while Byrnes went
to town, a mile away, to get a wagon in
order to take the nets away.
, When the deputy returned he found
Nelson greatly agitated, and the boat and
nets were nowhere to be seen. Nelson
stated that during the absence of the
deputy three Russians and Italians
emerged from the underbrush and, cover
ing him with AA'inchester rifles, ordered
him to keep away and not to Interfere
with them. As Nelson was unarmed he
had no argument to make and the fellows
took the boat, nets and all and departed.
That day Nelson got out a warrant for
the arrest of one of the party, whom he
recognized and knew by name. The man
was arrested on the warrant and the case
of violent seizure of the confiscated nets
was proved, but for some reason best
known to the Justice of the Peace the
man was allowed to go free. Byrnes
states that the people of Fort Bragg were
very indignant at the action of the Jus
tice. He states that there is a gang of
foreigners who are fishing In season and
out of season and that the Sheriff's depu
ties do not pay any attention to the law-
I breakers.
» ♦ ■
A PROSPEROUS YEAR.
Reports cf the Young Men's Christian
Association.
The forty-sixth annual meeting of the
San Francisco Young Men's Christian
Association was held last evening in the
building at Mason and Ellis streets, Rolla
A". Watt presiding. Reports were present
ed from the various departments of the
institution regarding the great work being
carried forward by the institution. The
employment section procured 705 situa
tions during the year. Work in the
United States army, a new departure in
the association, has been eminently suc
cessful. Representatives have been sent
to Cuba, Porto Rico snd the Philippines,
and -they have been *****.* touch with every
regiment organized during-ythe late war.
Messrs. Glunz and Jackson, two Califor
nia boys, have been doing yeoman service
in the work of organization.
This has been the most memorable year
ln the history of the association. The
total receipt's were $20,731 57; expenses,
$20,563 52. leaving a balance in the treasury
of $16S 05. There is still a large incum
brance on the property.
The following directors, to serve for
three years, were elected: W. W. Chase,
James Dempster. McKee. C. A. Maydwell
and C. S. Holmes; John J. A'alentine,
president; C. S. AVright and R. A. Watt,
vice presidents; I. J. Truman, treasurer;
C. A. Maydwell, recording secretary.
In the Wrong Room.
Young Everdlng, the son of John Ever
ding, the well-known commission mer
chant of this city, was removed from the
Palace on Sunday night to the residence
of his father, 2116 Mason street, suffering
from a severe attack of nervousness. Sev
eral days ago he registered at the Palace
under the name of Frank Frost. His
actions attracted the attention of the
other guests. He imagined that he was a
candidate for Senatorial honors and in
sisted on discussing the political situation
with every one. * He also imagined that
every one in the hotel was an intimate
friend of his, and he asked to have the
door of his room opening into the adjoin
ing apartment unlocked. On Sunday one
of the guests found Everdlng in his room
preparing to take a bath. The hotel man
agement was informed of the fact. Real
izing that the young man was out of his
mind. Assistant Manager Warren was
somewhat perplexed, but fortunately soma
one recognized Everding and he was
taken to his father's home. He is suffer
ing from extreme nervousness, but will
recover.
Edmond Godchaux Promoted.
Dr. Washington Dodge announced yes
terday the promotion of Edward God
chaux to the chief deputyship under him
as Assessor. In addition to this he added
to his staff of deputies John G. Fitzger
ald, AVilliam Joyce and Matt J. Connolly.
Dr. Dodge has given each Assembly Dis
trict representation in distributing the
patronage of his office.
Soldier Held for Grand Larceny.
A. Hendrlck, a member of Battery E,
Third Artillery, was yesterday held to
answer before the Superior Court by
Judge Graham on a charge of grand lar
ceny. He was accused of stealing a dia
mond stud worth $100 and $25 in coin from
May Adams, 311 Dupont street, on Decem
ber 29. AA'hen arrested by Policemen Colen
and Nelson he dropped the stud which
the officers recovered.
Election Contest Still dn.
Testimony in the Ashe-Dennery election
contest is still being heard by Justices
Kerrigan and Groezinger. Registrar Big
fy was the principal witness yesterday
eing called by Mr. Ashe to show that in
the "precincts where the latter beat his
opponent the tally sheets were withheld
by election officials.
The Gallagher Murder.
The case of John Flynn, saloonkeeper,
charged with the murder of his friend,
James Gallagher, was called in Judge
Graham's court yesterday and at the re
quest of the police was continued till this
afternoon at 2 o'clock. The police are
handicaped by witnesses of the shooting
denying any knowledge of it. °
W. A. Strohmeier & Co.'s candy kitchen,
pure home-made candies, caramels, taf
fies, etc. Our celebrated cough candy best
in the world. 1006 Market street. •