saw the dry bones come together and i'.ve
was there such an awakening as that of
the church in English-speaking countries.
When the century. was beginning Daniel
O'Connell was cherishing the dream of
restoring liberty to his fellow Irishmen.
The first quarter of the century, saw his
struggle. He is the hero of religious lib
erty in English-speaking lands. He is
the one leader who took.it as his test
and made it his life work. He succeeded,
and the tremendous growth of the
Church in Ireland and Great Britain, in
Canada and Australia .is the result of
Daniel O'ConneU'a agitation.
good. Let us not write them In the sand.
Write them deeper. Engrave them on
our souls. Do not put off until to-mor
row what you should do to-day, and wnat
you do, do well."
FATHER WYMAN AT
ST. MARY'S CHURCH
The Paullst -Fathers at St. Mary's
Church made a special feature of their
usual vesper service last night. At th»
close of the benediction the German
choral "Te Deum" was sung by the choir,
composed of sopranos. Miss Paula, Miss
Higgins and Miss Johnson; contraltos.
Miss Josie Murphy and Miss Nettie John
son; tenors, W. Moore and Dr. J. F.
Smith; basso, W. G. O'Brien: organist.
M 133 Giorgianl. The sermon was preached
by the Rev. Father Wyman. He said in
part: •
"This is a special year in the Catholic
church. The holy Father in Rome has
ordered that the opening of the new cen
tury shall be recognized by a midnight
niass or the day is to be marked with
some special form of praise. The ser
vices to-night will be followed by the
singing of the '-'Te Deum" as a sign of
our thankfulness "to God for his kindly
guardianship over us in the past. God
has given great blessings to the Christian
people in the past and the great blessings
that we may hope God will send will be
ours if we are only faithful.
ood works, as we know, in hidden yet
most effective ways, for the benefit of hla
people. The benefits of God are known
and most deeply appreciated by those who
think serously and most desire those
things which are of lasting value. The
superficial mind does not always see what
is most real and substantial and as a rule
has little appreciation of what it receives.
On the other hand, those who are guid
ed by divine wisdom find in the act 3 of
providence infinitely more blessings than
it is possible to suppose God would give
to such weak creatures as we are."
IMPRESSIVE MUSIC
AT ST. IGNATIUS
Services in St. Ignatius Crrireh last
night were solemn and beautiful. Th>
sacred edifice was brilllantlv ll S hteri anrl
was crowded with worshipers who offered
up thanks for blessings received during
the past year, and prayed for a con
tinuance of them during the next
twelve months. Rev. Father Prelato.
S. J., recited the Rosary and Litany
and then vespers, the responses being
made by Rev. Angelo Cptelll. S. J. The
choir augmented for the occasion by the
ladies' sodality choir rendered sweet
music durins the services. Rev. Father
Frieden, S. J., delivered the sermon. It
was an eloQuent.jelTort and. touched the
auditors In part he said:
"We have assembler! before God's altar
to-night to thank the Almighty for ths
good things that have come to us in the
course of the year which is now drawing
to its close.' Yes, the year is well nigh
passed— out a few hours to remain. It is
for the last time in the year '90 that the
preacher speaks to you from this pulpit;
the last time you adore our Lord in the
Blessed Sacrament and receive his bene
diction. And what has become of 'the
year? The days which it wa<» made of
are no more — they have passed to eter
nity. And with the passing time, we our
selves have passed; and at the close of
the year we are one year nearer to eter
nltv - vi-v^ ?
"God grant to the members of this reli
gious community and to all those who
have recourse to our ministrations a sea
son of virtue and holiness; a time of such
happiness as can be had here below. May
we 'share in that sweet contentment of
soul, in that precious peace, which in
deed the world cannot give, but which is
the heavenly heritage of men of good will.
May the divine blessing descend upon your
household and may it ever dweii there.
May the great God bless those
whose descending years remind them
that eternity i 3 not far off; and
may he blesa the young, lest the health
and strength of body that God has be
stowed prove the. ruin of their virtue;
may the Almighty guide and bless the
rich, that they may prize the wealth of a
holy life and cling to the treasures of
heavenly merit: and may the same sweet
Lord graciously bless and console the
needy, that their poverty may help them
to lay up to themselves treasures in fieav
en. May he, who is so truly the Father
of all, bless you and yours when you
are in health, and may he blesa you
more abundantly when sickness
visits your houses: may the blessings of
God be upon you in the day of joy and
prosperity, and may it not depart from
you when in the unsearchable ways cf
Providence th«> hand of the Lord has
touched you.
"That these blessings may come to you
my dear brethren, we pray. And so we
wish you. from the bottom of our hearts,
a happy and holy new year— ln the namn
of the Father and of the Son and of the
Holy Ghost. Amen."
At the conclusion of the singing of the
Te Deum there was solemn heneriirMnn
LESSONS THE OLD
YEAR TEACHES US
'•At St. Francis Church. Vallejo street an<i
Montgomery avenue, the New Year was
observed at the evening vesper service
Father McMahon preached the sermon
He said: "My dear people assembled here
together at ,the cull of the Holy Father
We all rejoice for the blessings we have
received in the past and we should also
ask for a renewal of the blessings In the
future. The new year should remind us
that we are only here for a short time
It is certain that we all must die. and we
shall then be judged for our good and bad
deeds. It is appointed that we must die
The patriarchs lived for over a hundred
years, but even they were mortal. So
will all the. future generations die. The
church bell tolls for our friends, but who
can tell how soon will thd same bell toll
for us. God has mapped out our lives and
the time f hen he has decided to call na
The man who laughs and says 'Eat drink
and be merry' may be the first one called
We may ask ourselves, shall IRo wh ill r
am walking on the street? Shall I recpfv*
the sacraments? * receive.
"We cannot answer these question*
But it will help us in our life, if as we say
our evening prayers we study ourselv%
and rind out if we are prepared On th*
eve of the nineteenth century let' unmake
new resolutions to lead better lives xvt
may not know which of us may soon ri*»
who is now sittlmr In this churchThS
young as well as the old are just' as li
able to get the death summons."
At the close of the sermon and th* bene
diction, a solemn Te Deum was sung by
the choir. The choir was composed of-
Sopranos, Miss Ina Collins. Miss Dowllnsr'
Miss Paullissen and Miss Madden: altos'
Miss M. Foley and Miss L. V . Lautin :
tenor. .W. A. Schmidt, and basso, li
Riley. ; ~*
VOLUME liXXXVn — 3S T O. 32.
"To fcirn and to his methods we owe the
great campaigns in favor of religious
liberty carried on by Montalembert in
France and Windthorst in' Germany.
The result of these campaigns was to
•prove to the** world that the ancient
church had, like the eagle, renewed 'her
youth. Her children were as devoted as
ever, her influence as potent, her doc
trine as Inspiring. Compare the con
dition of the church In Europe in the
year ISOO with her condition now, on the
threshold cf the year 1900. Then she .lay,
like the temple, desolate. The" Gentiles
trod her ruined courts "and. the [sacrifice
one knows how much further the weary
pilgrimage may go or when the soul may
pass to the master. Our joy should not
permit us to lose sight of our spiritual
welfare or to forget to look back and from
the lessons and mistakes of the past pre
pare ourselves for the future. Time ob
literates- many things. The deeds of our
greatest heroes are forgotten, and there
Are • but few true hearts that beat re
sponsive to their names. Their memory
has perished with the day. To us all that
remains of the. past is our accountability
for sin and our reward for our sacrifices.
"This is the time for resolutions for
.' -.."As- we. are about- to, pass • over the
threshold of another year and Into, a new
century it behooves us to: look back and
see: what use, we haveinade of the time
that .has.- gone, . and . from what we find
form , strong, resolutions for our better
ment during the year/to come. Another
year, has passed and another is now be
fore; us. " ; Whether it : will be for us or
against us, for weal or for woe. Is for you
to determine...- Another year is coming on,
during, which*,; maybe,- there are some
among us who are doomed to destruction.
Time^ls l ithe, gift of God.. Every minute,
every; hour, every day, every year comes
in Maryland . and Pennsylvania, a few
French missionaries with the Indians In
the West, the ruined pueblos of the
southwest and the chain * of: missions
along the Calif ornian coast. In a hundred
years we have not only, kept pace Lwith
the growth of population, but we ' have
outstripped It. We have 'met prejudice
arid persecution, but they fought against
us : in vain. In the ; beginning we were
despised and .hated, then we were feared
and ; . hated; 'now. men wonder at us, but
hate: us none: the. less. The Catholic has
his position In, American life too secure
.to-be. ever- seriously menaced, and.' the
INSPIRING SCENE IN ST. MARY'S CATHEDRAL.
The 1 hope of that ; consummation , tinges
our prayers and our thanksgivings.- The
shepherd stands upon' the mountains and
numbers his sheep. , . May ~ he 'grant , that
before the new century ends his prophecy
shall be. fulfilled and there shall' bo one
fold and one shepherd." .
SOLEMN SERVICES
AT THE CATHEDRAL
V The /closing > of > the . century * was . com
memorated iby_ the most, solemn arid .im?
-S the Catholic churches of this
fJT ( city last night services of a
most interesting and remarka
ble character were celebrated.
Never before in the lives of
.. the thousands that thronged
• the sanctuaries was the theme
-ILi that cf l;st night, and never
again will any of those tnat
bowed the r heads in prayer do
co again f r the same purpose.
In obe4!ence to the Tope's decree Catho
lics soajrht their chirches to unite .in
praise and thanksgiv ng fcr the century
cf 'ife and progress 0 at was closing with
the r.lght. and to knctl In hope and plead
ing for the good that may come with the
century that would d. wn before the day.
At 7 o'clock the s.icred edifices were
crowded to the door;. The sanctuaries
were adorned as only for the great fes
tivals of the ecclesiastical year. The
splendid altars Mazec with a wealth of
lights and glistening ornament* that re
turned and reflected their dazzling beauty
c thousand fold. Borers of ferns and
palms and choicest flovers made a strik
ing forepround to the pirgeou? altars. Tne
rcene, beautiful in itself, won new sig
nificance from thn purpose for which it
¦was created. Here and there superbly
robed priests moved t" and fro In the va
rious phases of the sol^ mn service that in
its dignity and Impress veness was chant
ed as the last tribute of Catholic Chris
tians to the dying century.
Psalm? and soncs of praise floated from
organs and choirs In answer to the
chants of the vespor^ service. Then
&11 the vast congregations, assembled
In mai y churches, were on their
knees to receive the solemn benedic
tion which closed a . passing century
and welcomed a coming era. Splendid In
their ritualism, enhanced by the attending
n&gr.lflrence of lipht ar.d color and sound,
the e«r\ices charmed the senses and held
the imagination. And the words spoken
from th» pulpits were those of the tri
umphs and trials, the good and evil, of
the hundred years that had been counted
Into history..
In many of the sanctuaries the imposing
cererccr.ies of the night ended by the
singing of the Te Deum by the congrega
tions. The time and the occasion, the vast
throngs that flocked to so many places
cf worship, the splendor of decoration and
gorpreousness of ceremonial made the
went one that will be Jong remembered in
San Francisco.
By authority of the Pope's decree the
Catholics of this city could have partici
pated in the tacrilice of a midnight mass
In their churches. Suoh a spectacle is
unknown to the generation and it was
feared*^ that the churcl _s would be over
taxed And that some accident might hap
pen. VT^ar General Prendergast decided
therefore' tkat 10 mass would be cele
brated In"! any of the large local sanctu
aries. In chapels, however, there
was no restriction, and In them at the
hour cf mlrtrJght. at the very meeting of
in* o«*t;;rie».'fcvnSre£s -f <lttle conrnvni
tles met 'at convent shrines to offer tnelr
praiw» slt6 worship.
In connection with these remarkable
ceremonies the controversy regarding the
close of tfce century has received a local
Interest. R«v. Father Peter C. Yorke.
•whose optnirn naturally is entitled to
great consideration, says that the cen
tury unquestionably closed last, nisht at
rrJdright and will :icf continue until mid
night of December Zl of this year, as
most of his disputants insist. The rev
erend gentleman argues that the Chris
tian era began with the birth of Christ
and not when the Savior was 1 year of
age; that In our calculations we must
begin with tte year naught and not with
the year on*. If this calculation be ob
served we will not count our years until
we have passed them and when we
register tha year 10W we have recorded
the passage of nineteen centuries.
THE GLORY OF A
CENTURY NOW DEAD
In no other Catholic church In the city
'perhaps were the services In honor of th«
closing century more imposing than they
¦were at St. Peter's Church. The sacred
*aiflc« was splendidly adorned as if for
the greatest festival of the ecclesiastical
year. Myriads of lights glistened and
flashed upon the altars. Palms and rare
plknte shed their fragrance &e4 gave new
; beauty to the sanctuary- The service was
as imposing and as dignified as a splendid
ritual could endow it. Solemn vespers,
the benediction and the -Te Deum were
chanted in honor of the century that was
dying. =•. 'is
The pas=u>r. Rev. Father Peter C. Torke,
was eloquent In his sermon. of the night.
His theme was the century that was dying.
In part he spoke as follows :
••At the behest of the Holy Father, my
brethren, we celebrate this the last day of
the old year with solemn prayer and
t!iankspivir.£. Not only -do we close the
year, but we close the century. Therefore
there is a special reason why we should
look bark on the past hundred years and
glorify God, who has done such great
things fcr his church and people.
"A hundred" years aco the moral world
looked &h the physic*!' world may have
looked after the great deluge. The foun
dations of the rreat deep had been broken
up and th<- French revolution had swept
away the ancient landmarks in church
and state. Never had things looked so
black. Infidelity^ brutal and brutalizing,
•was rampant In the countries that had
remained faithful during rtse reformation.
In Protestant lands Catholics were the
eurvivcrs of three centuries of persecu
tion — co*ve<J., timid, without irioney. with
out volet-, without influence— the pebbles,
¦ sNewm'ar. says— thfd< tritus of the great
deluge. In America the Latin countries
wre tainted with the same disease as the
5101 norlands. In the United States we
•v-ere but a handful, deprived in most of
the Stairs of our rights as citizens or
but. n^wly enfranchised. Never had the
Papacy «unk s,o low. If it were possible
for the church to fail the beginning of
the century saw her failure.
"The darkest hour was bffore the dawn.
When the ctorra was at its height God
was ewcetly disposing all things
'for his own good purposes. • The
early years of the century saw
'¦'.he restoration . of morality and
religion to Frange. Napoleon recognized
that there could" be r.o state unless God
was recognized and he brought back the
church, not for love of the church, but
because he thought he could use her.
\Yh<n he tried to bend her to his ambi
tion he found himself face to face with a
, power he could not conquer. The Pope
' went Into prison" rather than betray the
trust committed to him by Christ. Na
poleon fell as fall all those who make war
on God, but the Papacy remained. His
dynasty has gbne forever, but the church
! is Kill there.
"Not elnce the time when the prophet
seemed to be ended -forever. To-day her
walls are lifted up in beauty. . She re
sounds with the voice of gladness.' Her
children throng round the. altar and the
sacrifice is offered up from the rising- of
the sun to the going down' of theisame,
for the Lord hath promised the ; gates of
hell shall not* prevail.
"If the resurrection of the church In the
old world has been wondrous, not' less
wondrous has been Its planting* and- its
growth here ) In this new republic. A
hundred years . ago we were .nothing in
the domaip covered by the United States
some £0,000 of - Irish and English descent
wisest of .those. who are. outside recognize
that we alone have' a religion big enough
for- a big country.: • . . ¦•:-
I "Therefore we have reason to rejoice
and be glad, not for selfish or personal
reasons, but because we. believe that God
has established his church for the bene
fit of mankind, and that it. Is to the ad
vantage of. all men to, belong to that
church. 'I would to God," said the
apostle, 'that , botii in a little and., in
much, not only thou but also all that
hear me . this ¦ day should become
such as I also am, except these bands.'
That is our prayer for our fellow citizens.
pressive services at St. Mary's Cathedral,
Van Ness avenue and O'Farrell street,
last night. There were vespers and the
benediction, with the special feature of
the "Te Deum." Rev. Father Prendergast
preached a sermon appropriate ¦to the oc
casion.^ fcr'r^ . .
Nearly every pew In the big cathedral
was occupied. The music was superb, es
pecially the solos. Father Prendergast
dwelt in his sermon upon the perishability
of time, and. sought to impress upon the
congregation the Importance and the duty
cf -taking advantage of. the precious gflt
of God. He said in part: •/,;•¦
from him -who controls 'all things. God Is
the source of life and the whole creation.
Time— so perishable and yet so precious
is the gift of our Lord and Father. The
good that it is to us can be measured by
its duration, the spiritual benefit we take
from it and the moral exultation we re
ceive. It partakes of the Immensity of
eternity.
"Why do men rejoice and exchange con
gratulations on New Year's day? Is It be
cause another year has rolled by and that
their allotted portion • of - time has been
shortened to that extent?- Do those who
cheer and congratulate stop to think? No
' SAN. MONDAY, JANUARY i, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call.
IN SOLEMN CLOSE THE
SERVICE CATHOLICS CENTURYv'a j^^^^y ' f^ I **^ *?TT*™y y* )^ff *f KmM *^9^J^^^ J*^3&
\A/. X. HESS.
NOTAEY i-CiiLn; AND iTi uItWi.X-.ir-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1013. Claua SpredteU Bids.
Telephone Brown 9UI.
Residence, i-l CaUlornia St.. below Fowtll.
f>An Francisco.
Iowa Dutch Off to the War.
CHICAGO, Dec. 31.— A special to the
Times-Herald from Orange City, la,, says:
An entire regiment of Boldiers is said to
be-en route from the Dutch colony in
this (Sioux) -county to join the Boers in
the. Transvaal. •
Cargo Evans' Ale and Stout
Has Just been received by Sherwood & Sherwood*
Sore Spot
Eye^Glasses
Can be bought tnywlifre, but our dips, which
fit the cose without a slip or pech, caa only U.-
had of us.
Oculists' prescrlptlorw filled.. Quick rfpalr-
injr. Factory on (remises. Pboie. Mala 10.
OPTICIANS^^^JR
642 Market st. NsTßu^iiTa
¦H-'M M l.r.M"I"l"I"l"I"l"I"I"I"l"H"I-I"l-l"I-H"H"l-I"I"I"l"M I-M^-I-4-H-M I I I-i-
I HEALTH AND DISEASE. |
•• ¦ i \ /// Health and diisease are physi- *F
;; '^fi'^v^^^ * dal conditions upon which de- X
'.'. /^^^^^(, "^^^\ pend pleasure or pain, content- f,
± /tf^^^^^^v^^s^s ment or unhappiness, success T
f /f^°*t S AHDEN or fal!uro - Hea!th 'S essential f
** /^^^^Sr^-^^SJ^*^ ¦' i \ c accom pl' snmen t of every
| purpose, while sickness thwarts J
4. c es^ ii n t eres *s and loftiest t
| S yy]W™ aims ' Wh y. if you are |j
'•' sick need you remain so when j;!
II by the application of electricity through my jj
:: DR. SANDEN ELECTRIC BELT |j
I * thousands of people are being restored to , health every year — over 8000 •:?
•; of them for 1899. If it is convenient for you to call at my office do so
.. and I will explain the belts to you; if not, send for my free book,""THREE *i*
I* CLASSES OF MEN," which explains all. Consultation and advice free. .*.
•• Office hours 9 to 6; Sundays 10 to 1., . X
'£ DR T A SANDFN 18 THIRD street, j
¦ H9!4 B«ath Bjring Btre«t, Los Aagelet, Cal.; Raml Bailding, PortUnd, Or. «|«
Germany will recognise ¦ the unimpeach
able validity of our position. We shall
enforce such claimß as we possess with
every desire to cause the least possible
Inconvenience to trade among friendly
states; but at the same time we shall act
with a firm determination to assert our
rights as a belligerent powrr." V~
TWO RECONNOISSANCES
RESULT DISASTROUSLY
[Special Cable to the New Tork Herald. Copy
right, lti:*. by James Gordon Bennett, lie
publlratlon of this dispatch Is prohibited.
All rights reserved in the United States and
Great Britain.]
LONDON. Jan. L— The Daily Telegraph
publishes this dispatch from its si>ecial
correspondent:
FRERE CAMP. Dec. 31.-It Is stated
the Boer bridge below Mount Hlangwana
has been washed away, leaving some of
the Boers isolated on this side. The In
tended night bombardment of the Colenso
lines miscarried yesterday. Thorny
croft's Horse and a force of mounted in
fantry advanced toward Tugela River.
The Boers discovered them, as it was in
tended, turning their searchlight on the
men, and opened a heavy Mauser fire.
Our naval guns, which Were to have
seized an opportunity to cannonade the
enemy's trenches, did not fire. They
waited to hear musketry, but that was in
audible five miles away on a wet and
stormy night. So, after undergoing much
discomfort and floundering about'lnmud
and water, the troops returned to Ghieve
lev.
Much the same fate befell a recon
nolterlng force sent in the direction of
Mount Hlangwana. Our squadrons of
volunteers atttr much difficulty located
a force of Boers, who are now isolated
south of the Tugela ranges. Byings*
South African Light Horse, with two
guns, proceeded to their assistance, but
were unable in the darkness to find the
way or effect a junction for an attack.
Men and horses stumbled and fell into the
water. They were out all night and got
drenched, but returned to camp in the
morning.
Firing continues at Ladysmith' and aIBO
now at Chleveley. General Buller, with
Harts and Lytteton's brigades, is at
Frere. The Tugela River is still high.
Last night our 4.7-lnch naval guns decid
edly worried the Boers. * Two rounds of
lyddite which were fired at 3 o'clock in
the morning caused them to leave their
shelter The place is now honeycombed
with trenches. The Boers' guns are splen
didly protected and screened. Kraals,
d.-MiKa.s and trenches have all received at
tenrion from the sailors' guns, which
alone have flred since December 15. To
day, while firing, the enemy were engaged
from their works facing Colenso practi
cing in getting ranees and apparently us
ing ciyinon and Mausers. The natives
state tho enemy have mounted ten cap
tured field guns against us.
The Boers use the heliograph. They
watch and warn their men to take cover
when our big guns are ready to fire.
Thirty-one Boer wagons ha v been seen
at the Junction of Little and Blc'Tugcla
Rivers. An attempt will be made to de
stroy them. Saas*
BOERS HAVE ADVANCED
THEIR ENTRENCHMENTS
[Special Cable to the New Tork Herald. Copy
right. 1899. by James Gordon Bennett. Re
publlcatlon of this dispatch Is prohibited
All rifhu reserved in the United States and
Great Britain.]
. LONDON, Jan. I.— This dispatch from
a special correspondent is published by
the Daily Mail:
Modder River, Dec. 26.— Christmas over,
we broke our rest by two reconnoissances
this morhlngr. One was three miles to
the right, where we destroyed two farm
houses, from which there had been occa
casional sniping. The other was on the
left. A squadron cf the Twelfth Lancers
and a company of mounted infantry ad
vanced to within 2500 yards of the Boer
position, when the enemy opened fire, dis
closing tho fact that they had advanced
their trenches. There were no casualties
except a few horses hit, yet for an hour
lively firing took place, In which even
the redoubtable "putt-putt," as the Vick
ers Nordenfelt is called, was brought Into
use by the Boers, and one of the 4.7-lnch
guns by our men.
BECHUANALAND DUTCH
JOIN THE BOER RANKS
LONDON, Jan. I.— The Dally Mall pub
lishes the following dispatch from Cape
Town; "Ninety-nve per cent of. the Bechu-
LONDON. Jan. I.— ln the absence of
confirmation cf the reported sortie
from Ladysruith that story is dis
credited.
No such hopeful view can be
taken as the Boer account of the
Mafrking eortie pcems destined to con-
Vey. No word regarding any puch move
ment has yot arrived from British sources,
tnd the. feeling of suspense is deepening,
es it is feared Colonel Baden-Powell's ?1
lence Indicates that his position is be
coming dcppcrate. The dispatches from
the front breathe a confident spirit, which
Is by no mrans echoed here.
The latest I^ady«=mlth advices show that
the Boers' Fhelling is becoming deadly,
*rhile sickness and *>nnui must be telling
Ftronjrly upon the garrison. The n*ws of
the spread of a rebellion among ,the Dutch
colonists and of the attempts of Boers to
cut the railway at widely different points
Is very disquieting as bearing upon the
safety of the extended lines of communi
cation.
All the correspondents are beginning to
hint of a forward movement on the part of
Oenerul Buller, the <?ar.jrer of which Is in
dicated in a dispatch to the Daily Tele
praph from Fr^ro recording the unfortu
nate failure of two reconnoissances. In
one case the Boer lines at Colenso were
to have be?n bombarded at night. Mount
ed men drew the Boer fire, and it was in
tended that the naval guns should bom
tiard. This, however, the latter failed to
co, owing to fome misunderstanding, and
the reconnoitering party was compelled to
flounder brck.to camp through the wet
end stormy night, marching In xnud and
water and with the greatest discomfort.
According to the fame correspondent a
pimUar fate awaited another reconnols
tance in the opposite direction.
"The t^o detachments." says the di*-
Yitch, 'Tost their way in the darkness.
They were unable to effect a junction for
attack. They stumbled into water holes
fend were out all night, only to return
drenched and disappointed in the morn-
Ing."
It is roughly estimated that there are
25.000 Boers between LadyFmirh and Co
. Jenso, some 400 being on the south side cf
the Tugela River. At all points the en
emy shows ceaseless activity.
A large number of Americans are sail
to be finding their way into the various
volunteer regiments being raised in Cape
O'.ony. It Is also reported that many
Africans are arriving at Delagoa Bay,
having been expelled from the Rand be
cause they had refused to work the Jo
hannesburg mines for the Government.
The proofs of contraband traffic increase
rs.'.y. It 1b alleged that European offlecrs
arrive at Delapoa Bay every week and
proceed to' the Boer lines. The Cap<* Ar
gus aspert* that the latest Importations
by way of L/Ourenzo Marquez are six
large Armstrong guns and sixteen cases of
ammunition, all of which have arri'^l a'
Pretoria.
The imperial authorities at the Cape
have seized at Adelaide an immense con
signment of arms and ammunition
marked "Biscuits." pent by Boers to
Dutch farmers In that neighborhood.
A correspondent of the Associated Press
at Bterkstroom, telegraphing December
SI. says:
"Captain ¦. Montmorency of the Twenty
f.rat Lancers, with a patrol of 12.1. was
reeonnoitering eight miles north of Dord
recht. He m^t the Boers at Labuschagnes
Nek. They opened fire and the British
replied. The fighting continued for six
hours, when the Boers received strong re
inforcements, including artillery. Captain
Montmorency retired and took a defensive
<**sitlon at Dordrecht. The Boers did not
pureue him. It Is believed that they re
tired on their main body. Their losses are
not known. Our loss was one man serl
ouply wounded.' 1
The Queen's message to the British
troops in South Africa was sent to every
general. It ran thus:
"I wish you and all my brave soldiers
a happy Christmas. God protect and
bless you all."
The morning papers are Inclined to re
frain from commenting upon the Bundes
rath incident pending further information.
The Daily""Chron!cle says: "The incident
was unfortunate; but the Germans may
await the result of the Inquiry with con
fidence in our fairness."
The Standard says: "We feel sure that
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets.' . All
drupKiKtß refund the nioney If It falls to cure.
E. W. Orova'* % signature Is on each box. 250.
Pears' soap is noth-:
ing but soap.
Pure soap is as gen-
tle as oil to the living
skin.
¦— • ' ¦ —
Th« lurury. comfort. eonTealteoM,
ctualo* and ¦notlein. chant z* &»»•
given «*•
PALACE and
GRAND
kettle a repatattni that la known wh*r<
*rer th« English tasxnaKe Is spokta.
Connected by a covered p&aaan«way—
1400 n-cira— iW with baths. '?
JOHN C. KIRKPATHICK. Maaajrar.
Soldier Dies of Typhoid.
IVASHINOTON. Dec. 31.— The death of
Private Frank Roe. Company C, of the
Eleventh United States Infantry, at San
Juan, Puerto Itfco. of typhoid fever, is
announced in a dispatch received at the
War Department. . •
Idaho's Mineral Products.
BOISE, Dec. 31.— An estimate of the
mineral production of Idaho for 1899 gives
the following: results: Gold. J2.5C0.000- sil
ver, J6.103.O0O; lead, }4,D00,410; copper
Dr. Meyers & Co.
Men only. Pay when wall. No In-
curable cases taKen. fldvlce and pri-
vate booK free, office or mall, home
cures. Letters confidential. 731 A^ar^et
St., S. f. TaKe elevator to third floor.
A visit OF? JORDAN'S cheat i
{BUSEIHi OF fISfITCHY*
ff C® ir !i v a «tt? w- 1*- fr> »'?*-'» fl yw,i
T Or The Larjf t Anafnniical Mj«um in the \
Q /J^J I tre--ia.:;.-ca :5c Coast L^:. ji y-i.-i O
(I J^S^rt CB-JOHDAN-PR3VATE DISEASES $
f S^^B Co.i«il!»tion free *nd strictly j;nT«6e. \
II I kJtiS n n irm<r:!t personally or br letter. A M
' B tw TSI M Poa.ftv t'ur«in e»ery eaiauodenaicea. T
>Bf \\l& Wr¦-<r F, /< PHItUSUPUVft A
I'l .j I 1! H*n«l4lit:, MAILHO »»«L 'A f
. i] II v-Uiuble bock tor mra) \
! ' DB. JOBDA>" A CO., 1051 Market St.. a P. V
ANXIETY FELT FOR
THE PIERRE LEGRAND
Feared That She Foundered In the
Recent Gales and Her Crew
May Be Lost.
MARSEILLES, x^ec. 31.— Great -anxiety
is felt, here regarding the fate of the
French steamer Pierre Leprand, due - at
Marseilles from Odessa a week ago. She
is supposed to have foundered during the
recent gales, a. ith her crew of forty-live.
WILL BUILD ELECTRIC ROADS.
System to Be Operated on the Vari
ous Hawaiian Islands.
TACQMA, Dec. 31.— Contractor R. Con
don, Just from Honolulu, announces that
Thos. L. and Albert Johnson of Cleveland
represent an Eastern syndicate which is
preparing to build a large system of elec
trlo railroads in Honolulu and elsewhere
on Oahu, with connecting .ferries running
to other Islands.
The Kohala and Hllo Railway will spend
$2,300,000 building 130 miles of road. In
all nearly 300 miles will be constructed,
using large quantities of American mate-
Max Sohr Dead.
PHOENIX, Dec. 31.— Max Sohr, a promi-
Inent mining man of Salt Lake City, died
here this morning of consumption. He
was president of a mining company that
makes : mineral wax in Salt Lake City,
and owned valuable mining property in
Utah.
LONDON, Jan. I.— The following heliograph message has been received by
way of Weenan from Ladysmlth, dated Wednesday, December 27:
"The Boers axe actively bombarding the town. One shell struck the Devon
shire mess tent, killing Captain Dalzell and wounding seven lieutenants-
Dent. Twiss, Tringham, Gaffyn, Byrne, Scafe and Kane."
A later dispatch from Ladysmith by way of Weenan, dated Friday, De
cember 2», says:
"All well. The Boers have been firing plugged shells containing plum pud
ding and the compliments of the season- They are still fortifying their posi
tions, and are ei'idently determined to make a firm stand."
analand farmers in the Vryburg district
Joined the Boers, helping them to loot the
stores throughout the country north of
Orange River. They also undertook to in
vest Mafeking while General CronJe'B men
went south to meet Lord Methuen. The
government in BechuanaJand is being ad
ministered as if the Dutch had been in
possession for ajrc* " ;? -,
A dispatch to thn DalljT^itll f.-omKlm
berley dated Friday, December 22, says:
"We have food enough for three months
FrePh fruit and vegetables are obtainable
daily from. Kenilworth and water Is plen
tiful and excellent."
GERMANS ENRAGED BY
THE BUNDESRATH AFFAIR
BERLIN, Dec. 31.— Regarding the seiz
ure by the British cruiser Magicienne of
the Imperial mail steamer Bundesrath of
the German East African line, a high of
ficial of the German Foreign Office to
day, said:
"Silence must be preserved aX present
ebneerning the actual status of the ne
gotiations which have been begun with
Groat Britain about the' matter. Appro
priate steps have been taken, of which
Germany must await the result. The
matter is regarded by Germany as of the
utmost importance, because seriously In
volving the rights of neutrals."
This afternoon the Foreign Secretary
Count yon Bulow, conferred at the For
eign Office with his official advisers and
then reported to the Emperor. A Cabinet
meeting will consider the seizure.
,J l \ a , a ,*! s t rt^ d J n Government circles that
the British right to search is questioned,
and that In any event the British right to
stop passengers, whether they intend to
fight for the Boers or not, is strenuonely
disputed, as the vessel up6n which they
were 1b neutral and the territory to which
they were proceeding, namely, Delacoa
Bay, also is neutral. Redress, it Is as
eerted, will be insisted upon by Germany.
The German press to-day unanimously
condemns British action In the Bundee
rath seizure, which is characterized as
'an instance of gross insolence" and as
"calculated «gain to Illustrate the need of
a powerful Germany navy to render such
overbearance on the part of England im
possible in the future."
The .National Zeltung strongly argues
that England had no right to interfere
with the Bundesrath, and expresses the
hope that she has not adopted a flexible
theory regarding contraband.
The Lokal Anzeiger surmises that there
must have been a serious quarrel between
the commanders of the Bundesrath and
the Magiclenne before the latter officer
"overstepped his prerogative In carrying
off the steamer," and expresses the hope
that Germany will "speedily enforce the
release of the vessel."
Even the moderate Vosslsche Zeitunn;
calls the proceeding "characteristic Eng
lish Insolence," and adds that "the whole
attitude of the English before Delagoa
Bay provokes a general protest.".
It Is announced that the German pro
tected cruisers Condor and Schwulbe are
now on their way to Delagoa Bay.
BRITISH COLONISTS ARM
TO FACE INSURRECTION
CAPE TOWN,- Dec. 28.— The colonial
authorities are using every precaution to
prevent an Insurrection on the part of the
disloyal Dutch in Cape Colony and to
suppress a rising if one should occur.
Everywhere the British colonists are be
ing organised into home guards, drilled,
armed and ready to act in their respective
localities should armed Dutch colonials
rather. The theory is that the British
home-staying colonials should be fully
prepared to cope with the Dutch colonials
without the aid of regulars.
The alertness of the British makes uni
ted action on the part of the pro-Boer
residents difficult. Unable to act openly,
they slip away singly or in small groups
to Join the enemy's forces. The authorities
have been informed of many centers of
agitation, which it is considered undesir
able to particularize, but there is noth
ing like concerted action apparent over
the wide districts.
The case of Mr. Michan, solicitor to the
De Beors Company, who is accused of
treason, acquires Increased importance,
as he has been transferred from the cus
tody of the civil authorities here to the
military authorities at De Aar. His high
position causes the Dutch to watch his
case keenly.
Parties of Boers have been operating
some seventy miles south of Lord Meth
uen'B position. Boers appeared on Christ
mas day near the railway, about twenty
nine miles south of De Aar. A British
force appeared to engage. them, but the
enemy retired.
Another party flred Into a British pa
trol camp during the night of Wednesday,
LADYSMITH BOMBARDED
WITH PLUM PUDDING
NEW CENTURY
A YEAR HENCE
Thus Declares Camille
Flammarion.
Special Cable to The Call and the New Tork
Herald. Copyright, 1899, by James Oordon
Bennett.
PARIS, Dec. 31.— The Herald's Euro
pean edition publishes the following letter
from Camille Flammarion, the eminent
astronomer and chronologist:
Every hundred years, toward the end of each,
century, this question of th 4 date of the change
of century Is discussed. I have before me docu
ments of 1799. 1«99 and 1599, which pose the
pi-oblem and turn It over and over. Again, a
hundred years hence, In the year of grace IPU9—
which, by the way, tvlll be favored by a very
fine eclipse of the sun, total In the neighborhood
of Paris on August 11, at twenty-eight minutes
past 10 o'clock In the morning— our great grand
children will put the s?me question. Again, in
fin de slecle newspapers of the period, there
will etill be distinguished rnlnds to repeat the
centuries' old confusion. .
Christ was born in the year at Rome 749, not
in T52, and died at the ag? Of 87, not 11, and the
whole Christian era la fcur year* too young. •
But It would certainly b« inconvenient to
change it, although thi« mistake has been
known for some centuries. It is sufficient If
people are agreed. It is clearly a matter of
convention.
There have also been variations in the date
of the beginning of the year, which has been
placed sometimes at January 1 and sometimes
at Deccrhberv 21. The year was shortened by
ten days in 1582 to bring the calendar Into
agreement with astronomy; but all this does
not prevent the last day of 1900 being the last of
the nineteenth century.
It may be seen by reading newspapers that
there are still dissenters in Paris, In the prov
inces and abroad. These simply complain that
the flirt year is called the year 1 Instead of the
year 0. but It was thus that the calendar was
drawn Up.
It la, therefore, on December SI. 19C0, at mlA
nlght. precisely, that the century will end, and
fall in its turn into an abyss* of the past to
t. ike room for the new century.
¦-*,¦,¦?¦¦-¦ FLuVMMARION.
DIFFERENCES IN
CHINA SETTLED
Valuable Concessions to
Three Powers.
fepeclal Dispatch to The Call.
. WASHINGTON, Dec. Sl.— The announce
ment that the extension of the foreign
concessions at Shanghai, China, has been
finally approved brings to a close a dip
lomatic controversy between Great Brit
ain and the United States and France
wh'ch at times became rather acute,
France taking the position at one staga
of the negotiations that the co-oporation
v."ith the British in opposing the French
plan of extension was an unfrlendl/ act
toward France. =This and other «llflet
env«is' have been happily adjusted, ac
cording to announcements from China,
which arc borne out by the information
of otlicialn here.
The controversy assumed an Interna
tional scope when the three colonies at
Shanghai— British, French and American
-—sought to extend their limits. Tne con
cessions are just outride of the old na
tive city and lie^along the rker Chang 1
Poo, near the point where It Join* the
Tang-tse-klang. They are chiefly impor
tant because Shanghai is the foremost
port of entry for foreign trade In the Chi
nese empire. The French settlement is
nearest the city and fronts on the river.
Next comes the British settlement and
then the American. Th» French desir*
was to extend its settlement so as to
take In a large area back of the old city,
including five American missionary Insti
tutions. The British Government opposed
this extension .-quite vigorously.
. The British .-plan of extension was for
an "international settlement," running
from the rear of the British concession
up to the native city. France in turn
protested apainst it on the ground that
she would be entirely surrounded, with
out exit, except by the river, the native
city or over British territory. The Unitrd
States approved the plan of an interna
tional settlement, as the American inter
ests were substantially similar to those
of the British, but the American attitude
did not include an indorsement of all the
contentions made by the Jritish. It was
to this course of the American Govern
ment that France took exception, on the
ground that it was an unfriendly act to
France. The negotiations, while assuming
no outward show of warmth, were car
.ried on with some briskness, Embassa
tlbr Cambon of France presenting the
French side up to a few' months ago.
The adjustment finally reached is satis
isfactory to all parties concerned. The
French concession is extended, without
Including the American missions. The
British and American settlements are ex
tended and to some extent merged in the
international settlement, but the British-
American extension does not so envelop
the French colouy as to place It in a
pocket.
. The vnlup'a of the several concessions is
considerable, as the population of Shang
hai Is about COO.OOO. of which the greater
part Is in the foreign settlement. Here the
foreigners have- the right to carry on
trade and control property, and also have
their own courts, police and an organized
military establishment.
British Anxiety Increased by Lack of News
From Mafeking— Spread of the Rebellion
Among Dutch Colonists.
ADVERTISET.IEKTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
UfBEmAQH
¦© 222.224 SUTTER STREET I
$ HAPPY NEW YEAR ! ;
+ Prompt service in and out of the •
O store are main featur;s In a gro- <
q eery business. We beiisve to have j
? demonstrated to thefntire satisfac- -
O tion of our many customers during <
X the busy ho iday season what a \
+ perfect system will do. '
O If you were not entirely satisfied -
| r with your grocer during the past <
+ year, try LeDenbaurrTs for 190 a' (
|O •* <
o SPECIAL! $
o MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY. 5
o COFFEE, RSI-Bar 1 20c !b ]
+ From Sandwich Is!:md». Reg. Z3c ''\
$ FINNAN BADDIES, Fresh 121 c <
|O A fish you'll relish. R«r. 15c.' C
o SARDINES, Fresh Shipment 25c tin I
3r Boneless. French. Reg. 30c. *
5 SAROELLS, Brabant 40c 1-0 tin 5
o COaC"WYra'' C 12^5 per can «
Q Very Pinest Main? Corn. Reg. 15c.
$ AIMOHD3, SbelleJ" 3Qcl!)s
¦?- Fanciest Califonvn. Ties. 40e. C
$ HAMAMELIS, Extract cf Witch Haze! J
O ~- ; %Pt pt- q*; 4
o BLACK CAULS'" 5 lbs 25c |
"t. Best quality. K?x. 4 lbs. Eo. ,J
2 OLIVES Elacß, Rips 25c qt $
0 AMMONIA, Washing bot 20c s -
Jt Greer'a best. F.fT. Isc. (,
1 GALL SOAP, German 20c cake c
2 Restores color cf faded silks and
JT woolens. *
W Removes grease. Ties. 25c. ~
2 MALT WHISKY, "Acme" 75c bot 5
® A pure medicinal article. Reg. Kc. *
| GIN, Holland g=l $3 25 <
rt Imported. Regular, gallon. 14: hot- -i
+ tie. 90c Bottle 7."> c c
o "SUVIO" Gas Heaters to &" 65c <
_ Only small lot left, h«ftta room In ten '
$ CARPeTsWEEPEBS, "BisselJV $
.4. Best sweeaer ir.ade in the world. C
O "Standard." !*<>£. $2 50; now..^^:.* 4
"Grand Rapids." Reir. *3: now.ljS:;..-«» <
"?" "American Queen." lies. $3 50; now -i
O «3 <
PLANNED TO MURDER
THE FOREIGN CONSULS
Filipino Plot for a Rising in Manila
on the Day of Lawton's Funeral
Frustrated.
MANILA,- Dec 31.— Four • explosive
bombs, a few stands .of- arms and, 500
rounds of animunition'were discovered in
a house in the center of Manila this morn-
Ing while the' police were seeking Recarte,
the insurgent leader, who was said to
have come to. Manila in the hope of effect-
Ing an outbreak yesterday by taking ad
vantage of the mobilization of the Ameri
can troops at General Lawton's funeral^
To-day it developed that the plot In
cluded the throwing of bombs among the
foreign consuls attending the ceremonies,
in order to bring about international com
plications. These, it seems., were to have
been thrown from the Escolta's high
buildings, but the avoidance of the Es
colta by the funeral procession spoiled the
plan.
The populace. It is thought, had been
prepared for the attempt by a rumor cir
culated widely among the natives yester
day that Aguinaldo was in Manila and
would possibly lead the outbreak.
The American authorities, .having been
advised of what was brewing, prepared
for all contingencies. Captain Morrison,
who commands the troops in the most
turbulent district of this city, says he
does not believe an actual uprising will
ever occur, as the natives lack the reso
lution to take the. first steps In a move
ment that would entail fighting at close
Quarters with the American troops.
An American advance In Cavite
Province, south of Manila, Is expected
shortly. Reliable reports from native
spies show that there are upward of 2000
organized insurgents under arms within
a mile of Imus. They are strengthening
their entrenchments and possess artillery.
. At Novaleta the Filipino entrenchments
have been much strengthened since Gen
eral Schwan's advance. A thousand of
the enemy are in that vicinity and there
are 600 at San Francisco de Malabon.
From twelve to a hundred men will gar
rison each of the towns "in the southern
part of Cavite Province, and the same
may be said of the towns in Batangas
Province. N . '•'.•-;•¦-
The provinces of North Camarines and
South Camarines hold quantities of hemp,
which the people cannot market. As a
consequence, the population in that part
of Luzon is suffering from lack of food.
lUce now costs four times . it« normal
price.
• It is estimated that 1000 insurgents an*
centered at Calarnba. Reports have been
received that 2000 insurgents are massed
at Mount Ayrat, having a strong- position
which commands steep and narrow trail?,
and that they are prepared to roll
bowlders down upon advancing troops.
Life along the roasts of the provinces of
Cagayan and North and South Ilocoa is
resuming normal conditions. The Ameri
can troops occupy the important towns
and patrol the country roads. The natives
implore the Americans to continue the
occupation, to establish a settled govern
ment and to terminate the uncertainty,
abuses and confiscations that have char
acterized the rule of the Tapallo revolu
tionists during the last eighteen month?.
. Incoming Spanish prisoners declare that
Apuinaldo has ordered the release of all
Spenish prisoners now in possession of the
rebels. V
The transport Zaflro has arrived at Ma
nila, bringing General Tinano. who is
much grieved at being supplanted by
Colonel Hood as military Governor of
Capayan Province. He hesitates to land,
because he looks upon Manila as a nest
of insurgents who may assassinate him
because he surrendered Caprayan. He
says that when Colonel Hood arrived the
presidents of all the towns in the province
repaired to Aparrl and begged him to
continue them In their positions*, saying
also that the natives desired to be rid
of the presence of the Macabebes, the
friars and the colored American sol-Hera,
toward whom they entertained a violent
antipathy..
Sixty-eight nick men out of Major
Bachelor's command of 120 are coming to
Manila.
Bringing Lawton's Body.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 31.— The departure
of the transport Thomas from Manila
with the remains of Major General Henry
W. Lawton aboard was announced In a
dispatch received- at the War Department
from .General Otis to-day. The vessel
comes to the United States via Nagasaki.
She also has aboard the remains of the
late Major John A. Logan.
BADEN-POWELL'S POSITION
IS BECOMING DESPERATE
CHASTISED BY
AN IRATE WIFE
Troubles of the Los An
geles Fire Chief.
MOORE'S FACE SCRATCHED
RACE BETWEEN BUGGY AND
ELECTRIC CAB. :
Mrs. Jones, the Present Object of
Moore's Affections, Also Has a
Stormy Interview With
His Wife. "¦ " ' .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 81.— In a rage of
jealousy Mrs. Walter S. Moore to-day
publicly chastised her husband, who,' as
Chief of the Los Angeles Fire De
partment, is the best known individual In
this city. For some time Mrs. Moore has
questioned the fidelity of her spouse. To
obtain direct evidence the Fire Chief has
for weeks been under the surveillance of
private detectives.
For his known relations with other wom
en Mrs. Moore last spring administered to
her recreant husband his first public whip
ping. The object of Mrs. Moore's pres
ent concern is Mrs. J. Jones, who with
her husband, resides at 1975 East Second
street; Boyle Heights, and whom she di
rectly charges with undue intimacy with
the Chief.
On Friday Mrs. Moore appeared at the
Jones' house and demanded admittance,
but this was refused by the handsome
blonde, who had the place barricaded. So
great "was the- disturbance between the
two women that Mrs. Marx, a neighbor,
was made ill and fainted from fright.
At 8 o'clock this morning Mrß. Moore
went to the Jones cottage and broke in a
window, through which she gained access.
In the. bedroom Mrs. Moore found a skirt
that belonged to her own wardrobe. The
scene in the cottage can be imagined
when the women met.
Mrs. Moore, afterward drove down the
streets of Los Angeles In a buggy and saw
her husband opposite th« Nadeau Hotel
In conversation with Detective Steele.
When their eyes met Moore boarded a
car and Mrs.- Moore frantically whipped
up her team and kept pace with the car.
At Broadway and Second street Moore
Jumped from the car. Mrs. Moore also
took a'runnlng leap from her buggy, and
proved a better sprinter than her hus
band. On a vacant lot facing Hill street
they met. After the melee both were
covered with blood, Moore's face being
lacerated by the finger nails of the irate
woman. Flushed with victory, Mrs. Moore
forced the Chief to accompany her to the
Jonos cottage. Here a domestic upheav
al followed that is worthy of it Byronlc
pen.
Mrs. Moore, before her marriage, was a
Miss Lanfranco, the family being re
spected and wealthy. She also Is the
sister of Walter S. Maxwell, an applicant
for office under Governor Gage. A long
determined desire to apply for a divorce
on the part of Mrs. Moore will- shortly be
realized.
December 27. This was near Victoria road.
An attempt was made not far from that
point to damage the railway. One man
was caught In the act and shot.
A similar attempt was made between
Multlersoletl and Klapmuts, but the
would-be wreckers escaped. Like attempts
are reported from several other points.
Evidently small parties of Boers or Dutch
colonials have been trying to intferrupt
the movement of trains, but thus Tar they
have been baffled by the elaborate Brit
ish patrolling.
In one case a patrol of regulars fired on
a patrol of colonials. The latter were
wearing broad-brimmed hats, and were
mistaken by the British for Boers. No
casualties occurred, but in consequence
of the incident an order has been issued
requiring «dl classes of troops to wear
i •;-» **
QUEEN VICTORIA'S LIST
OF NEW YEAR HONORS
LONDON, Jan. I.— The Queen's list of
New Tear honors, published last evening,
shows fewer names than usual.
Sir John Lubbock and Sir Henry Staf
ford Northcote, Governor of Bombay, are
created Peers.
Baron Cromer, British diplomatic agent
In Egypt, Lord Montague Rowton and
William Wither Bramston Beach, Con
eervative member for the Andover divis
ion of Hants, the Commoner who ha<?
seen the longest service, are appointed
members of the Privy Council.
Charles Norton Eliot, the British mem
ber of the Samoan High Commission, la
appointed Knight Commander of St. Mi
chael and St. George..
Naval Captains Stuart and Sturdee are
designated Companions of St. Michael and
St. George for their services In Samoa.
George Buchanan and 11. Cunnynghara
are made Companions of the Bath in rec
ognition of their services in connection
with the Venezuelan boundary arbitration
commission.
Captain William de Wlveleslie Abney,
principal assistant secretary of the science
and art department, is • designated a
Knight Commander of the Bath.
Among the new knights Is Dr. Thomas
Lauder Bruton, physician to St. Barthol
omew's Hospital.
Lieutenant Governor Dalley of Nova
Scotia is nlso appointed * Knight Com
mander of St. Michael and St. George.
REAL SCOPR OF THE
TREATY WITH PORTUGAL
BERLIN, Dec. 31.— Despite the semi-of
ficial disavowals, several of the leading
German papers believe in the existence of
a secret treaty concerning Delagoa Bay,
but they discredit thei statements of the
l,okal Anzeiger regarding its nature. The
Hamburgcscner Corresponclenz says:
"The treaty has no definite form, and It
wouUt come into force only In case Portu
gal Fhpuld consent to sell a portion of her
colonize. It is confined solely to her
African possessions. Russia has seen the
treaty, and has offered- no objections."
The Vosslscho Zeltung also asserts that
the treaty does not mention Portugal's
Asiatic possessions. -
PREPARING FOR A FINAL
SORTIE AT LADYSMITH
LONDON, Jan. L-*-A dispatch to the
1 ally Mail from Lourenzo Marquez, dat
ed December 29, says: "It Is reported from
Lady smith ; by way of Pretoria, that the
British are destroying their heavy cannon
prior to a final sortie.
"The Transvaal agents here have bought
up all the available milk, sugar and coffee.
They have managed to get large orders
sent for shipment here by French and
German steamers. Prices have advanced
50 per cent In consequence and the stocks
are very short. Something like a famine
is threatened, as the British Government
is stopping all goods consigned to this
place • from s coast ports.
"Several members of the Volksraad
meet every steamer, doubtless to give lur
ther. orders. Portugal is doing her best
to maintain neutrality, but, following
opinion In Louronzo Marquez, i s generally
in favor of actively assisting the Boers
to produce food supplies.
"Herr Pott, the Transvaal Consul Gen
eral, here. Is losing Lloyds' agency and
the agencies for the Castle, Union and
Bucknall steamship lines in consequence
of the position he holds."
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 1, 1900.
M|||pK FRIEND
I GARMENJ&
i§® TAILORING
¦ • fM{v , ¦ iei<s
1 WrS. MARKEjT ST.
.r-.' Opt: fioiajii.
r^n^T-'- ••"»—- — -; : r - - - — - J ~ -
2Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Caas«
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity.
For the car* of al) (Hsordwa of the Stomach.
Liver. - Bcwels. KMneyo. Bladder. Fental* Ir-
r«rularftltf Sick Headache. BlUouanesa. Con-
•tlpatlon. Piles and all derangements of th*
Inttrnal VUcera. 23c a box. At Oruxzlata.
«r \a jxmlL KADWAX CO* J«*» r-~~ 7
excitement to-day among members of the
Irish Volunteers and Clan-Na-Gael -over
news of the capture of a German, ship
by a British man-of-war and the seizure
of alleged recruits for <he Boer army.
Within the last few da^ys recruiting for
South Africa has greatly agitated the
Irish Volunteers, the New York repre
sentatives of the large military organiza
tion which the Clan-Na-Gael estaollshed
throughout the country a few years ago.
It is known that a number of Clan-Na-
Gael men are now in South Africa, pre
paring to receive all the recruits that the
order can send there:
Although every movement of the volun
teers is guarded with the greatest secrecy
a^nd the highest offltlals deny know
ing anything about it, there is a perfect
understanding between official representa
tives of the South African republics and
the heads of the Irish physical force
party, by which the members of the first
regiment, Irish Volunteers, will be trans
ported to the Boer country.
. The Irish Volunteers were organized in
December, 1895. by Colonel James Moran,
acting under authority of the Clan-Na-
Toledo, hn3 instituted a movement to as
sist the Boers. This club in ISOS organized
the Emmet Guards and offered their serv
ices for the war with Spain. At a secret
meeting last night resolutions were
adopted pledging iinancial and moral sup
port to the Boers and offering assistance
of men if required. Fifty-five volunteers
offered their services, "in any emergency
In which England is involved.'*
non-combatants . a result which .the British
arms have failed to accomplish.
Resolved. That we deprecate the action of the
Dominion of Canada In sending troops to de
feat the lioers and protest against any part of
this continent being used as a base of opera
tions for the tonquf-st of a free nation in any
part "of the world as a menar« to the peace
afad happlnecs of the American people.
Ilesolved, That we appeal to the heart and
conscience of the liberty-loving people, de
scendants of the founders of this republic and
lnheriters of Washington's fame, and all
lovers of liberty throughout the world, to cast
aside all personal and selfish consideration un
worthy of free mm and extend the hand of fel
lowship to the patriots and heroes now s^
bravely fighting to maintain their liberty and
to drive the Invader from the soil of the Boer
republic, and we haJl the victories as the happy
augury of the establishment of the United
States of South Africa.
IRISH RECRUITS FOR
THE TRANSVAAL ARMY
NEW YORK. Dec. 3L— There was much
republics in Soutk Africa one of justice and
right, as against the encroachment of the
avaricious British intruder, we heartily rejoice
in the splendid success thus far attained by the
brave defenders of these two republics In their
sewral encounters with the British hireling
army, sincerely hoping that complete success
may crown the truly patriotic efforts of the
Boers and that the oppressor may be deservedly
humiliated and driven from the soil of South
Africa In disgrace.
Resolved, further. That we acknowledge with
unbounded satisfaction and delight the course
Senator Mason of Illinois has pursued and hl»
eloquent pleading In a speech before the Senate
of the United States in favor of the righteous
cause of the Boers; and we urge him to con
tinue the good work and thus assist in develop
ing an intelligent and healthy public sentiment
In regard to this important question of public
policy and the attitude the United States Gov
ernment ought to pursue in the premises.
IRISHMEN OF TOLEDO
VOLUNTEER TO FIGHT
TOLEDO, Ohio. Dec. 31.— The Robert
Emmet Club, a leading Irish society, of
Gael. No man may* be a member, of the
volunteers before becoming an out-and
out Clan man and having his antecedents
'thoroughly investigated. The purpose of
this military organization was announced
at. the time to be to take advantage of
any crisis fn English affairs, caused either
by home' -Insurrection or a foreign war.
A prominent member, of the Clan-Na-Gael
said to-day: .
"This is the precise occasion that was
in my mind when wo organized the volun
teer movement. If they can be of no
service now it Is doubtful whether they
ever could,* and if they do not figure In
this war It Is likely the movement will be
abandoned."
"What is the estimated strength of the
Volunteers In America?" he was asked.
"Prom the latest returns I should say It
is about 22,000, most of whom are in the
larger cities."
Colonel Lynch, commander of the Irish
Volunteers, was very non-oommunlcatlve
when asked about the connection of the
Volunteers with the -Boer war.
"I cannot speak of the private affairs or
the organization." he said, "and as for
the report that we have an understanding
with the Transvaal. I know nothing about
It. I know nothing about an Invasion of
England or Canada, either."
"Will the seizure of the German ship
prevent further *Boer recruiting among
the Volunteers?" he was asked.
"I have not "admitted that we have been
so recruiting." he said.
Further than this the colonel would not
speak. '
PRO-BOER SENTIMENT
OF. GERMAN-AMERICANS
KANSAS CITY. Dec. 31.— Resolutions
sympathizing with the Boers In their fight
with Great Britain and commending Sen
ator William E. Mason of Illinois, for
championing their cause, have been
adopted by the German-American Citi
zens' Association of Kansas City. Copies
of the resolutions, which follow, will be
forwarded to Senator Mason, Congress
man Sulzer of New York and Congress
man Cowherd of Missouri:
Resolved, That believing; the causa of the two
THE EMPOBIXTM.
THE EMPOBITJM.
THE EMPOBIUM.
THE EMPORTTJM.
FENIANS SAID
TO BE BUST
ON FRONTIER
Report That They Are Stor
ing Arms Near the Ca
nadian Boundary.
FARMERS LEND AID
Agents Among Them to Procure
Horses and Wagons for Trans
portation Purposes.
Epeciai Dispatch to The CsJ
BOSTON. Dec. SI.— A morning paper has
th» following: The Fenlar.s aro engaged
in storing vast quantities of dynajnite.
lyddite ammunition and supplies in a few
selected repositories in remote rural dis
tricts of Vermont and Maine, rear th«
Car.adian boundary. This is the most
active move yet taken in the plans for the
Invasion of Canada. Dynamite has been
6tored underground In a number of
masked excavations ar.d caves on the
Vermont border, while great quantities
of canned meats have been hidden in
barns owned by sympathizing fanners on
the Maine line near New Hampshire.
A large and efficient ambulance corps
Is being organized under the supervision
of a few loyal Irish women and surgeons
•who were iii the Red Cross work in Cuba.
They are preparing a large number of
rirst-aid packages for the invading force.
One phase of the campaign plans which
has entirely escaped notice heretofore is
that effecting the farming districts of
New England. The general supposition.
cf course, is that the movement is the
work of the Irish element of the larger
cities of the country, but it is a fact that
work is being done among the farmers,
who can furnls-h wagons and horses and
oxen for transportation purposes, as this
Is regarded as a most important detail.
A careful study is beir.p made of the
fmall road branches in Northern New
Knjrland and places are being located
where the roads could be captured by a
very small force.
GOTHAM MASS-MEETING
GIVES CHEER TO BOERS
NEW YORK. Dec. Sl.— United Irish so
cieties of New York and vicinity filled the
Academy of Music to-nieht at a ma.ss«
moeting called to express sympthy with
the Boers and opposition to England In
consequence of the South African war.
Senator Mason of Illinois, Congressman
Sulzer. Congressman Cummltigs of New
York axd others addressed the meeting.
Justice Fitzgerald of the Supreme Court
presided. Tne entire houte was rilled.
The proscenium, the boxea and the balco
nies were all decorated with a prolusion
of American flags, the green Irish em
blems and occasionally the flags of the
two South African republics. Justice Fitz
gerald, aiter calling the meeting to order,
said:
It it a er**X honor to be asked to speak to
this great au4lence to-night i.nd to Join in ex
pressing: our deep indignation at the unjustifi
able »«r now beins waged by Great Britain
Upoa the people of the Transvaal and to give
utterance to our sentiments or dfep admiration
for the gallant stand b»?ing- made by the em
tattled larmers In South Africa In defence of
tlT'ir property their lives, their liberties.
Tbe treat heart or the American people goes
out to the people of the Transvaal and the
Orange Free State. They are fig-htlng fcr the
lame principles; they are ata::ist the came
Foverelgn and red-coated soldiers that fought
v* a centurj- a«:o and would fight us to-morrow
if th«y dared and thought It would benefit them.
i orgre£SK:aii Sulzer epoke next. lie
raid In part:' "
I aia not ashamed to have It known that my
fympathy is witii the heroic Boers in their
resolute endeavor and determined effort 'to
n.aintain their homes anfl their Independence
• (ra'.nst the piracy and tyranny of the Biitlsh
crown. 1 want to see them v.in In this con
tent because they are right and deserve to win.
la my judgment nine-tenths cf the American
j>eopie are against England in this matter and
la sympathy with the South Alrlcan patriots.
The courage of the iso*»rs in the face of tre
mendous odds has challenged the admiration
of mankind, and their heroism asainst almost
insurmountable obstacles has won the respect
of the civilized world. They ire entitled to our
sympathy, and we would be false to ourselves
and to ail ou.r history M we did nat give it to
th«-m.
The South African patriots are white rn«>n.
They are a good deal like the patriots of our
own revolution. They love their homes, their
freedom and their liberty. They' come from
gooi old Saxon ancestors from th* north of
Europe. They are fWh of our fl«-«h and bone,
of our b^mo. They love free institutions the
*ame as we do for the sake of personal liberty.
It comes to ti'in naturally and by inheritance.
Tli^ir love of liberty is not of a day nor of a
year, but of centuries. They have never be*>n
conquered, and. in my opinion, no matter what
cthTte may think, they never will be.
The story of the struggles and hardships of
those brave men in South Africa is one of the
tx-\ lint page* !n a '" history — an rmpertshab'.e
).' r.Tage to their hardy and valorous descend
ant?. No one can Impartially r*ad it without
ffflirjr a deep sympathy for them in their pres
*Tit straggle to maintain their freedom and in
dependence against Knellsh greed for gold.
KriKl^h tyranny and criminal Brltjt-h .aggres
*'.( n for land.
This confiict should be called Cecil Rhodes'
war for quid in South Africa, He is respon
sible for all the woe. all the sorrow, all the
d^pair, all the misery that the war has
caused. Th»» li.-.ers have made him practically
s prtaober. He In shut up in his diamond mines
+ • Klmberley. He will have to eat diamonds
If \ik is not epeedfiy rescued. I hope the
Jiorrs will capture him and give him an imme
diate trial.
1 glory In the epunk of grand old Paul Kru
frer. He I*. one <if t!i» world's greatest heroes.
There 1b fio doubt a secret understanding ex
titg to-day between the White House and
Downing street. I era opposed to an Anglo-"
American alliance, fxpr<-ss»*l or implied, es
j-ecially when Its object is th* advancement of
imperialism, the march of armies, the down
fail of republics, the destruction of 'fr*e ln
¦Unttlaoa. the enslavement <ot man and the
jx-rpetulty of the power of Kings.
The President should have cffpr<»d the friendly
oTicee of this country to jr^vpnt this cruel
war. He should have respon<l»-d for the great
ar..l mighty pstltlor: for peace pr*wnted-to him
«t the be*rinr.!cg. He should have acted on the
findings, the conclusions a.nd th« Judgment of
Tl:e Hague p»ace conference. Ife could have
dew so consistently.
But the friend* of free Institutions should not
Jose hor*»— we should not despair even though
fh<- \\*}.;te House 6**ras to be enve!oj>ed in the
aun->rp!ier* of an English fog. It 1» not too
lat» for this republic to assert Itself in be
half r.t republican institutions. It« is not too
late for us to demand an honorable peace in
the interest of humanity. Christianity and dvil
izstlon.
If the PY^Fident will not aft Congress can
end CnngT'Mi should. I have offered in the
House of Representatives a Joint resolution
protecting ajfa-inst the war. granting the Boers
>>«»ll:rei»nt right* and instructing the President
to bring atoout a cassation of hostilities and an
honor* h> p<*ace. This ought to be done at
once. I promise you I will do all in my power
tor*"o r*" that resolution, and \-a.sn It will. In my
opinion, if the President continues to exhibit
eymirtoms cf Anglo-mania. r
Senator Aiason reviewed the history of
the Dutch people In South Africa and their
relations with England. Congressman
Amos J. Oummlngs spoke next and re
fYTr^d to Chamberlain's recent change of
front and add^d:
Chstr.beriain is a liar, and that Is not put
tinr It a bit too strong, for three years ago
h* said the eaine thing* that I have" told you
to-night.
Mr. Cummings blamed Embassador
Choate, among other*, for the existing sit
uation of affairs, as far as iho position of
the United Statos la concerned. The fol
lowing resolutions were passed with a
ch«^r:
Unsolved. That we. citizens cf New York in
tr.fcSB-me<nlng assembled condemn the action of
th» Britten Government and recognize that
•trenuoui strurele . carried on for generation
after generation by the burghers of South
Africa to secure the right to rule themselves
In their own way as an example worthy of the
embattled farmers whose valor won American
freedom, and we recognise that the two elster
republics whose citizen soldier* have defeated
In a eerlet of pitched battles the veteran legion*
&f l^igland, have thu* won a title to intlcpond
es«-«, which all mankind rhould recognize a*
v»!ld.
Resolved, That we protest against the seizure
8f American food supplies in transit to a neu
tral territory as an act of Inhumanity and a
fcreach of international law, the evident purpose
•¦>: which is to accomplish by the starvation of
THE EMPORITTM.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 1, 1900.
The January *' Glean-Up " Sales I
January ciean-u P of to-morrow. During the next few weeks the big store proposes to close Ja C iean-u P of
4-5 c EidGrdGvwn out surplus stocks and all broken lots at some price.. Our policy does not Astrachan
Flannels permit of the carrying over of one season's goods into the next. So deep price-cutting Blnakinas
D . ", . Q and quick sales now on residue of winter merchandise. Here are a few of the All , n , :,~^ ' .
Beginning Tuesday morning at 8 tti r> l it u-r .« r- i x a r\ . „-„-. All of our Colored Astrachan Cloak-
o'clock and for tbe week we offer on Ulean-UpS TOr tne tirSt WeeK Ol A. U. I9OO: ing 3 go on special sa'e Tuesday morn-
bargain tables in center aisle our en- — 1 — ' ing and for the week if lot lasts at
tire line of 45c Eiderdown Flannels, plaids and stripes, _ f*M MB G* B M one-half regular prices*
including the new Camel's Hair effects, at *J Q^ tJ&BlU&i*y &iGan-Up SalG Of 54-inch A stracban, plain colorings, in cardinal, light and dark
the Unheard-of low price — per yard mm%o%* JL m £ m mi »^ in «¦¦ .navy blue, onr regular $1.25 per yard quality, to clean up
€*••«**•«» B1&1LPW VGrßmJp m&i!oß%*&m 54-inch Astrachan, the $1.50 per yard quality, in plain shades
One-Third Off /fSMfciL. Beginning Tuesday morning and this week while the quantity lasts we offer a choice iK^tfi^' £? ££ toned effect 3 " in black an Vsi
i"Zß+fs is* wo ****** WWotM assortment of High-Orade INovelty bilks at from one-third to one- half less than their 64-inch Astrachan, our $2 per yard quality, two-toned effects,
zJ&M^CßilMi&r^&Sj /jffilUuS^ rea * Va^ UeS * SilkS for Street Wear, SilkS for evening Wear, all new Stylish COloringS, blue and red, and brown and blue, marked to clean i up. per
PGdGStalS 9 Ifo JffiWi including the fashionable pastel shadings. About eighty different designs from which to yard * °
gT4*% JMu^MlsL select - Tne styles are mostly stripes, such as corded French ribbon, Jacquard figured Some Special Values in
t§FW rIP? and satin stripe on silk and satin § rounds; also Panted warp and pompadour effects. gWgzn'cz iimriomtw&zzQ*
Oa Rale this week, in center aide, oppo- Yfijs Wl Ms?f These Silks are regularly worth $1.25, $1.50, $1.75, $2.00 and £2.50 per yard AO_ MwMGffS & UrSZE&rhJ&tZr*
ani S^!?2£2St^ Wmskh and WsellW sel1 on sight at the Janaary Clean ' Up price ' per yard : ** ' San Francisco ' 3 lar s est
glish Jardinieres, Jardinieres and Ped- \Vj // \^g|g|gf and most complete Stock lj *J
estate and Crockery Umbrella Stands, \V ?~r£V*\£fW3P ' • of Men's Underwear awaits JL& JKJ
-^K^ - JRsm *« AiL Cloak Dop't Clean Up. /Mv#^\
Regular Marked Prices <iik£2> I \&£? Every garment, no matter what kind or quality, now reduced in price. all S^^ e3: )U^^^^& f
\ iF-H? Some P"ce3 cut almost in two. The finest goods have suffered the most Men> ' Heav y Balbriggan Shirta A^~T~l "^i^P^
January Clean-Ua of ¦ Bay now while sizes and style 9 are complete - SESSMSrSfcSSS %W A J' ' ' / •
M»lnL 7wll~ nl /ill , " O *»<>* ««rf»cerf. A,, Jacftete Reduce*. B^M^W^^.<lW
SvaUSSSn wVGa£* 9 (&O3* m A v 1v 1 AVvlT^ F$L an ,, d $ ££° Capes now £ 4 - 95 S5 -°° Jackets now $199 quality which, if we had to buy to-day, we \ /
—^ ~*~* L()i( 2d>v $10.00, $11.00 Capes now $7.45 $7.50, $8.50 Jackets now. $4.95 could not sell under 7nc per garment, h of- \ f
SO#C. IEICm V, /V^A l\ 513.50, $15.00 Capes now $9,45 $10.00, *12 00 Jackets now $7.45 fered while quantity lasts at 50c \
<*9«*a<o^ «-•*¦'» W \ $18.00, $20.00 Capes now $14 50 $15.00, $16.50 Jackets now $9.45 ' Men's Natural Merino Shirts or Drawers, cor- V/
Deep price cuts on all of our fine goods, liberal in / AH Tailor Dresses Reduced, ' rectly fashioned and handsomely trimmed, >7
proportions and satisfactory in quality of materials. A. I $12.50 and $15.00 Dresses now $9.95 lUffi Mfify ' M «»" WoT^ibbed" Und™ar,""two*'c?iS; \jJ
120 Tennis Skirtß, 2J yards wide, silk embroidered scallop, were //, 1 |J2*S2 "2 I K now fsf"f« " $i%&lm,'s& Men's Natural Griy Merinos, Camel's Hair.'
75c, Clearing Price.. ?500? 50o I) '¦ / ; \\ f^S "2 IP'S S" 8 D ° W V&VI W^SffgftS) Vicuna; Men's Heavy Maco Balbriggan Underwear-all pe^ |
/fl^-L___l 192 pairs of Fine Muslin Drawer^ V \ f \\ $20-00 and $27.50 Dresses now $19.75 T^iA S©*T? e arment $t.OO
m^^^fststs^L ¦ lace trimmed and hemstitched, /IK I V • / \ \ All Skirts Reduced Cl^T^ \^^A Men ' 3 ss P lendid Wo<)1 R' bbed Steam-Shrunk Form-Fitting Gar-
rv V were 75c, Clearing Price....SOo / Bj 7 \ i \X«q m cv- t ¦•«»*•• 4*&<h>s^fVc%Jh^ ments, either shirta or Drawers, in two colors -pretty shades
kA \ X\ 42 ° L* 1 ' 68 ' DrawAs, hemstitched / M '//, \ ,>, \ \fnn -s ftrnn'ct-'V 'JS'Ss y / Wmn/^XM f '^\ of tan or blue ' ailk finished ' a ver y s P ecial val ji e ' *<*
4 hm&^ ~^SJST_WU2 A,, Wrwers, Etc., Reduce,. AH Wn.sts Reduced. fcggggS33** f "
132 Ladies' Gowns. K ood muslin, yokes tucked "and "hemstitched, g-jg xvZ"Z^'nZ BS% 5278 SoS^l SS? ™ W -*f%Z U^^^^^^^^K Men's Merino Hosiery 3 grades '
Fhoulde« fa* tSka ' $1.00 Dressing Sacques now 590 J5.00 Black Silk Waists n0w.... $3.95 %? / & \ Man's Cotton Hoslory-BUck or tan exceedingly -
a"d brai7 finish w«e $IS, Clear i^ : <$&> L 50 ' $ 2 -°° «*^«> Soiled Sacques now.-O^o $7.50, $8.00 Silk Waists n0*...54.85 " { W ahtles - at 1Oc > t2) *> 250 ]
Price $1.25 $si?2# » — : : -— - '
24W Corset Covers, high neck, felled ~ / fwM&itS $
¦o=so£g£& £L Handkerchiefs About Half. fa § $10.00 \
m^Z!!°!tJ..%o f.&\\ Sf'Sti Commencing Tuesday morning and until the entire lot is J#v^N Overcoats
KSSSS^S^S^SoS Y^f)) «t-vPsX s6ld W - e;wi " Offer more than ¦ ?Oo ° Handkerchiefs, slightly /\Ti\A \ *t&!&3£ ?%S. '
36^t s ;MaTte?'tt»SbTi\S|/i-^ £«^yL/ damaged or soiled ¦ in. the Emporium holiday displays,' at (J Kf\ L\ fcl^V/o^atti"
¦^oiM^Ms-Mo V*-*^*' -~%B&ii£ about one-half regular prices. Almost every style VI To I" &SF m K £Zr i S n ' t J :
J%Z^%L - of Ladies> Handkerchiefs is. included in this lot-plain, hem- P I T SiSl^i- 1^ :
*£~ 77Z:'Z:;:7Z7'ZJ! 4 'Z fT%^^- StitChed> fanCY embr(?idered or lace trimmea Handkerchiefs UJIJ i
We I,™ no bad sfyle Corses or old stock. The /~^%Skz' worth from jc to gi.oo each, for which the new prices are YrTTTnI r»r o^n cc n 1 "? rf '" ly r' '¦
reduced prices are on all surplus lines. S y^^^i/^^ H 3 aic "I / tailor $20.00 for, at the re- ,
0 JtiT /~L- y^ 0* A. jr%jpb m— m ' 1/1 markably low price each ¦
400 pairs standard makes, all sizes, always $1.25, now 850 &£&M^?~~Z^-g£22t d*G tO Z&n&G ELSSGsSa - \ \ \ $10.00 \
320 pairs standard makes, all sizes, always $2, now $1.65 'i^'K-i-l ¦ '&'& I \ Man's Ulstcrs.inh^arj ,
* . ,„ T . tV . j t r>< ¦ * vi* • •* • ; '¦ I i I I il Black Friezes and Black or •
180 pairs assorted C.P, I. C. and L. P. a at one-half price if . • .. ' ° iU-B M L- Oxford all-wool fabrics, all '
we have your «ze. Women's and Children's January OffeHna In *^ this season-s roo^. at :
A new stock of Ladies' Sanitary Bands, which we sell at the re- -~ JT_ JL - V $B.OJ, $in.QO, '
duced price per dosen-half doam in a box- 50c WWS3i*&n $jM£S&§*VBf&3iß*m BO^S KSuGthißl&Mm ' ' $12.50 and $15.00\
_ Q ne c largest stocks of Knit Underwear Boys' Now Sailor Suits r Dt**mmi*'**4 ***** " "
January CleanUp in ' and Hosiery west of New. York. We surely have for n^s 3to 10 years- all-wool fttk/?k '¦ • €JllGt*£iS^Sa •
f*i*Slrfn,*X**'<* \M**±m+ Mm**m+4 l he qUaHty that yy ° U Want ' at PriCGS that mean a " exS well mTde aSd^rtS: \&(&% S^, %^^ d / 3ira^ ite - Wocl Bhnket3 ' 3
GhEi&iPQSV S VWGBi* UGpt "saving." . large collars, trimmed with black fully 78 inches wide, well made, nicely bound and a real >7.50 ;
,iL .. .• . „,.,. ,'. Ladies' Australian Lamb's Wool braid, embroidered washable shields; yn^/tW^ " ' B i?' "!? m *« T'-i^n, pa , ir V"" 55-65"
Here are a few of the articles m Children's W ear gsj^ Vests and Pants-extra heavy- suits that are guaranteed to give / f[ I F^J%j\ : Some Excellent Family Blankets, good white wool, full 5-pound )
andCLildren's Coats that have been deeply price- fflSm^ we , ight ; ™™ h ™\™s> color 'you the fullest satisfaction and. real (^^LYMy : JKtWc?o*tt.^F^Vi° Ck ' IMtS "' "'Stt'SS '
, . , , <T .• . TT „ -'?•¦. * s*yri~y£i¥ss\ natural, size 23 to per Bargains at the price «o j§ es Xit^l — r<Q I J ° . j p . £?'• p " pair ; §395 •
CUt for the January Clean-Up": sU'^r^- garment 75c ' asked for them • &3m*iH* Pff TT, I// ' A good-wearing, warm white Blanket, a little cotton in the \
/T/ T / >j^ . • Children's Woolen Wristlets, black only, • WMMx''^' fleeced lined cot- Boys' Top Coats for ages 3 LLLj \/ f warp, width 72- inches, a comfortable size for large bed 3 . per ]
f^_^BaS^=^la^ «MX V^lJXZgfiZl TO W ' A )
>*r%?^rxC3 sizes, were 48c, Clearing Price 250 ffIMW & fiAkt * a ft.vle, color ecru" and nat- heavy and medium weight all-wool [)[ UH ' numg, unusually good values, each $1.50.
' Children's Jean Waists, ages Ito 6, Illmi^HsL/^'^- U ' 81ZC3 per B *k" materials, and being all this win- ' W V /D^^ _ _^ " "T~ ]
/HJitlfcj:*) were 10c, 12c, 14c, 16c, Clearing '///////// " %sss¥ /}l< T T"'n"<"T'iV"™" "if ?° ' ter'sproduct, are in the styles and MJ&J&**- A CSfOSf £5 If* 391-12 SI \
££^'^V\V' % *y Price Be, Wc r 12c,140 ' Wl I **if I* Unshrinkable Wool Com- colorings mpst in demand. Wje call c - e = &c -i* r^ +* %****[**** %Mm%^€mMß^%M§MM :
W-.--.' V--X ,£. F tas£S™.» IW M^s'.- fouWer, color natoaUkjj p 99. UU anO 93.95 the January Clean-flp Sales. j
/ / | ;. N now •. $1.75 I'// Ml Wf dtob-persuit &M.UU Tapestry Carpets -all-wool surface, floral designs— parlor, hall '
I A Infante' Short Dresses, every one a // Children s Swiss Ribbed Un- #«^«^^« f*W~~~ W9~ +¦ and stair effects -per yard 400 \
I \ /OS^i beauty, were $5.00, now .. $3 95 fs_*^-^^^4^**' »n"nkable Wool. Vesta and UaniiSirj/ UlQan-Up Of All-wool Ingrain Carpets -extra heavy, a nice selection of pat- {
I \f Children's Jackefa for ages 6to 14 cL,^^. * Pants - finished seams, colors 'f"S^^ _?".._.». SA. -__ ' terns-special this week- per yard 53©;
'Ol _JVJ V years, colors red, blue, box fflFecf. natural and white, sizes 3to • F BFBG FiSß*mtiSß*Gm Wilton Velvets -heavy pile Carpet in floral, Persian and Orien- 3
• £2 were 15.00, now cut to $2.95 „ , , t , . 3 12 y«ar 3 -per garment..sOc • . . .. : ...\ ... • tal designs, with or without borders-special this week -per !
Children's Covert Cloth Velvet Trimmed Jackets for ages 6to Children's heavy wool mixed Union Suits, finished seams, but- hxtra Special OtteringS for the week of small lots yard JQ O •
14 years, were |6.50, now cut to $4 OO . toned down in front, natural color— i^-,"- _. and to-be-discontinued lines of handsome, well- Body Brussels— a very high-grade Carpet in an unusually choice 3
' " i^^ffS l!S?«f"?o size Bit 25 iTib made Furniture. Here are a few of the splendid J™ L- of pa " ems ' e l*^ 'J ith °J f thont bordera-instead of
Size 6, $1.15 Sue 7, $1.20 b\ze 8, $1.45 $I.IU , .- . -----^ >^-^,j_i,--' rtffrt . j , au t J1.20 a yard, special this week at 950 '
mm-MM- *+m mm " Ladies' fast black Pure Cashmere Hose -full-finished seams, an chances for house furnishers offered by the Janu- Unen- Warp Matf/ngs-Floral, Art and Tile effect? «
S\fißiiißlGt*y[ GJpSGS&H^iJBJm . extraordinarily good value,, sizes Bto 10 -per pair, 350 - ary Uean-Up bale: . " a very heavy and durable quality— special this week - per {
"^ . . "^ -3 pairs for .' $1.00 ' Tabourettes, solid oak or mahogany finish, patterned top. highly yard.., 22\0 \
AH of our Winter Millinery must go. — ndW, at Ladies' extra heavy fleece lined Imported Hermsdorf Black -Cot- polished, very pretty designs, special for this week at.51.05 Smyrna Rugs— reversible and fringed on both end 3— }
««/.» +>ia Mina^cf rxri** /.«te> -T^«,««^ to n Ho8e » high-spliced heel, double "sole/ sizes 8i to 10 - per Rockers, forty oak and mahogany finished Rockers, only one of . size 30x60 inches, fine line of patterns— special for this week, -J
once— tne cneapest pnee cuts lor many months- pair • •. : .250 a kind left, regularly prices $6.00, $7.00 and $8.00 each, to each -- : $1.00 j
should move it quickly. Children's lxl ribbed fast black Cotton Hose, with double . clean up the lots, special this week at $4.25 '• '¦-'¦ -'-¦ 5
VrimK 50- boxes of Black Ostrich Tips, were • knees, an excellent Blocking for school wear; sizes 6to 9 J-. " Ladies' Writing Desk, golden oak, prettily carved, piano polish, . For First Wesklii 1300, !
JZxWWfo wi« ««««,??« o_ per pair 12\O a large drawer and convenient pigeon-holes, on special sale www #
-^BV&lV-M fm fc™ 7t£ ip"r V^'Vi" ° Children's lxl and 2xl ribbed fast .black pure Lamb's Wool thisw«ekat. .-. $6.50 TItOSO CmWtmtt*m*fAM *» <T» B Z* 3&t '
jt^%Wh s °J>Xes:N> Xes:Na [ DD [ al Pellcan QlllQ 111 " 3'3 ' w " e Hose, Merino heels and toes, sizes sto 9J-per pair...:.250 Enameled Bed, fancy designs, with brass railing and dma- : '^rUUGr'Jf %*pGGiaiS }
mmM • Special AH the Week, ' ' '^^^^•s*- SSS^.'S.'SS \%%Z'&J?X™^ m J^P™% \
' 3^»|S^? These Choice Liquors E^^^>teTSSE^JS WMMSMMME^i
ih^ 1 Roses, all colors, were 50c and 60cf or Tabl ° Glaret-& goodsound wine-per gallon 300 : week's special price .- $11.50 Table Fruits-* lot of excellent Blackberries, Cherries \
\\7&£^tL\\ ' bunches of 3 now cut to fflo p Ort Or Sherry Wine- regularly 75c-per gaHon • Parlor Suits, three, pieces, sofa, arm chair and reception chair, and Greengage Plums-2i-lb tins, while quantity on hand J
vVllt^^^ 500 Fine^French l Pelt * '• 35 ° mahogany finished frame, upholstered in pr.etty silk tapes- . lasts, 2 for : 25c >
K^irWf<J rf'^ni «r« 1^ «?S^ Gedar Run Whlskoy-on special sale all this week- tries and damasks, the very special value at this week's price oc ,1
\r/ cv coiurs, were cI.KAJ 10 ol.lt) ? . .. m v.- * • «S"» r\t% • • 0.-* -* r~ ' '
each, now cut to. ; iBc per E allon - .......$2.00 $17.75 \Mwstnnt*** FBs.nmic*sez \
50 Girls; Trimmed Hats that were $3.50 and $4.00, now.^ 25 ' Fttf • •^S'BHlBliW" RE W^dffih,W^*\ l!l S3 M fsk E& flrG wWr*BfMJß&r F BdaWMBGS&M j|
Fife"^ri^me?'^ts O^ Ut wd'7t7es"'tnaT'^ ' Burning* HSHS"' WL m^^S^B^, H B SetSm • ne P lettel,°an quality? deigns' stylish Snd j
..jjf'- 0?'0 ?' ?°*\ cut l ? ;••;«:;••;',:••;"" ;i :ST.: $ T.- S 9 Wooden Bowls, for ||| ¦¦ " 2^ETtt^ iW^ Fancy Japanned Stand, Geraan HeeS nanneK*an"ideai "wrapper" materiaCin 'polk? \
All Original Pattern Imported Hats that were sold up to $.10/K). 'poker etching, nice, $£§ PS^J, " - JZZ ZT -^ ** 7 M with.enamel shovel, dot and other. patterns, per yard 12« c \
rowr ' ow $20.00 ¦ • -dean white wood, jp* r Q3Oa^2<Sff^ bCE3h<S P>^Z&^l*« tongs and poker— The Good-Grade Eiderdown Wool Flannels, not the thin, half- }
All Wings 0 , Quills, Butterflies and Winter Novelties at one-half 'without varnish— _•• amcoi>a»c r.DANnPCT CTADC the Bet complete for covered make now so common, but close and heavy, 30 inche3 -2
• present marked prices. . .' each lOC CALIFORNIA'S LAKUfcbl —AiVltKlwA i> • UKAOUtM M UKt ......;. Q5 O wide and all colors, per yard SQo \
THE EMPORIUM.this month.
The two new dredges are very large,
having a capacity of handling 4000 cubic
yards of gravel per twenty-four hours.
The laxgest yet installed in *hl3 State
Commander J. F. Stuart of the British
navy has invented an instrument for rap
idly ascertaining distances of Bhips and
.objects at sea of known height. Its fa-
If the members of the local Democratic "organi
zation" arra3-ed in war with one another continue to
tell all they know they will save others the trouble
lr.ler on.
Texas Populists have adopted as. their war cry for
1900 "Down With Fusion!" They probably think
it's a new blend of whisky.
tal neglect, the metal mining interests
of the State will receive some measure of
valuable service from the Mining Bureau
will gratify the miners. It is one encour
aging feature of the Mining Bureau mess.
Mr. Storms Is a man of excellent scien
tific and technical attainments. After
some years of mining experience In Da
kota and Colorado ho came to California
and from ISI>2 to ISD6 was connected with
the Mining Bureau as field assistant dur
ing portions of the Nolan and Crawford
administrations. His bulletin on Meth
ods of Mine Timbering has had wider de
mand and circulation than any other bul
letin issued by the bureau. His field work
was mainly In the mother lode region
during those years and some of the most
valuable chapters in three of the reports
are by him. This work and a later ex
perience of his own In mine operation
nave made him especially familiar with
the mother lode and the scientific and
practical features and problems of Its
mining industry- He is also well ac
quainted with the rest of the mining field
in California. For some months he has
had editorial charge of the Mining and
Scientific Press. The leading' mining men
will undoubtedly approve his appoint
ment, whatever they may think of the
discouraging state of the administration
of the Mining Bureau.
Now Storms will range through the
mother lode region and north of it, "doing
scientific, descriptive and statistical work
not yet definitely planned. Bowers will
work somehow according to counties, and
Watts will stick to the oil fields and bos 3
the work in the Governor's name. All
will get up a lot of matter for publication.
How much of it and when will depend
on the money available. Gage started In
by setting aside $2000 of his $20,000 for the
two years for this purpose, but it Is not
very far that will go with illustrated re
ports and bulletins. He wanted some of
the $7500 allowed extra for printing by the
Legislature, but the State Mineralogist
happened to have a grip on that and
wouldn't yield a cent. During the hot
disagreement between Gage and State
Mineralogist Cooper the latter threatened
to close the laboratory for lack of funds,
and the Governor conceded $2500 of hi 9
$20,000 for its support. This leaves him
$14,600 to divide as he pleases between ex
perts and publications before July 1, 1901.
In fact, there are no strings In his meth
od of disbursing it in the mining field.
The other mining bureau is already put
ting forth matter from the State Printing
Office. Bulletins Nos. 13 and 14. giving In
tabulated form the mineral production of
the State by counties for 1597 and 1533
have been received from Sacramento and
are ready for distribution. They are sin
gle wall sheets, 24 by 33 inches in size and
uniform in style with others of recent
years.
In a few days a map of the Oil City oil
field will be out. It is a geographical and
topographical map, 18 Dy 20 inches, of
twelve sections, of outline nature, giving
no claim boundaries or geological fea
tures, showing about twenty unidentified
wells, and is valuable and convenient as
a map on which claims can be easily de
lineated.
Mr. Cooper's extensive and valuable bul
letin on the genesis of petroleum and as
phaltum in California is being printed and
will be issiied before long. He proposes to
follow this with the county mining maps
and registers, which have been walling
for publication so long, probably starting
with Siskiyou County.
It looks as though the dual State Min
ing Bureau would run along this way for
some time. Gage's illegal private bureau
promises to swing and flourish because no
one will legally question ft and because
Gage is able to muster political, moral
and immoral support. Cooper is not dis
posed to contest it, contenting himself
with refusing to know anything about it
and confining himself to the ferry build
ing quarters. The five trustees are keep
ing mum. A majority stand by the Gov
ernor and the minority attends to its own
business. So Cooper stands by himself
and doesn't kick a stone wall. The trus
tees agreed to sign' the bills of the Gov
ernor's bureau as a matter of form, but
decided that he must sign them first aa
he was running the outside department.
So the salary and expense bills of Messrs.
"Watts, Storms and Bowers will go first
to the Governor's office for his O K.
Then in San Francisco Secretary Durden
will chase around for the signatures of
the busy trustees and then Gage will pass
on them again as a member of the Board
of Examiners. The November and De
cember bills will probably go through the
Board of Examiners like greased eels at
the January meeting.
Uncle Sam is doing a good deal for the
mining industry which the State is not
doing for itself. Comparatively few are
familiar with the monographs, reports
and maps issued by the Geographical
Survey. George H. Eldridge, U. S. G. 5.,
is making an exhaustive study of the
bituminous resources of California. He
began In Santa Cruz County a month
ago, is now in Santa Barbara County and
will probably spend some months on his
studies. His resulting report should be
of great value.
Last week two of the big gold dredges
on the Feather River, a little below Orj
ville. resumed operations with electric
power after a shut-down of about a
month to change machinery and also be
cause of lack of fuel. Power is suppli«d
by- the Yuba Power Company from the
Yuba River, at a distance of twenty-six
miles. One or two more will soon use
electric power, as will two new Postie
thwaite or Rlsdon dredges to be launched
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
Grand Duke Alexander of Russia has
published a work on "Foreign Xavies and
Book of Naval Information." It is said
to be very exhaustive and that the his
tory relating to the growth of the German
navy Is both Interesting and accurate.
Admiral yon Dlederichs, lately com
mander in chief of the German squadron
in waters of the Far East, has. been made
chief of staff of the German navy. This
is the highest position that can be at
tained by a naval officer and places him
practically at its head.
"Work Is progressing at a phenomenally
rapid rate on the French coast defense
ship Henry IV, building at Cherbourg
dockyard. Fifty-two armor plates were
put on the vessel in one month and it
took exactly three hour 3 to place each
plate in position ready for fastening. The
constructor in charge has been compli
mented on the rapidity with which he 13
pushing the ship toward completion.
The Russian admiralty will send ship
models to the Pari3 Exposition. The
models selected are thoso of the Borc
dino, battleship; Gromoboi, an armored
cruiser; a 3000-ton protected cruiser, and
a torpedo-boat. The United States navy
Is also likely to be represented by a num
ber of those magnificent miniature ves
sels that are on view In the corridors of
the Navy Department building in Wash
ington and they will be sure to compare
very favorably with the handicraft of
foreign nations. :;"'
Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty
You have to keep an eye on the police all
the time.
The operation of the new charter has already, caused
a glut in the local lightning rod market. Mayor Phe
lan h.2d a large quantity of official electric fluid to dis
charge, but judging from the number of rods taken
down yesterday and stored for future use, he had not
enough to go around.
While the people of two hemispheres are still wax
ing blue in the face over the end of this and the begin
ning of the next century problem, "Me und Gott" has
settled it out of hand in his own lordly fashion. He
says this is the twentieth. That ought to settle it—
in Germany at least
"Suicide Concludes a Seven- Year Courtship" was
the heading recently on a Chicago dispatch. At firs:
glance readers were inclined to believe it heralded
some poor fellow's plunge into the sea of matrimony.
Reading farther on they found he had only shot him
self to death.
The famous game of "draw" as played in the West
has won new laurels. In a game at Auburn and
another at Redding two players failed to draw quickly
enough, and the Coroner finished the proceedings.
The people of the Camarines district, Philippine
Islands, complain that they are unable to market their
hemp. Can it be possible they have San Francisco
juries down that way?
HOTEL. DEL. CORON'ADO— Take adranUjr*
of th« round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at ho-
tel; longer stay, 13 00 per day. Apply at 4 N'«w
Montgomery street, San Francisco.
Note 81 Fourth street. 5c barber, grocer;
best eyeglasses, specs. lOc to 40c. •
Special Information supplied dally '.->
business bouses and public men by tna
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
Townsend'a famous broken and mixed
candies— 2 lbs. 25c. 627 Palace Hotel. •
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
W. J. Moxham of Sydney, N. 8. "W.. la
at the Palace.
J. H. Barbour. the San Diego capitalist.
Is a guedt at the Palace. •
Dr. J. S. Mlnefee, a prominent physician
of Arcata, Is a guest at th« Grand.
W. K. Brown, a wealthy land owner of
Hollister, is registered at the Lick.
"W. W. Gillett is registered at the Oc
cidental from his home in Palinero.
I. C. Wolfskill. one of the principal busi
ness men of Suisun, Is among the late ar
rivals at the Lick.
Dr. and Mrs. B. "W. Haines have com*
over from Belvedere and have taken
rooms at the Occidental.
F. M. "Whitney, one of the leading busi
ness man of Santa Barbara, is at the Oc
cidental, accompanied by his wife.
Dr. Joseph Jarvls, a leader of the River
side medical fraternity, is among the ar
rivals of yesterday at the Grand.
Baron Korff. an aristocrat from Ger
many who is traveling for pleasure
through the United States, Is staying at
the Palace.
With the forty-five new ships already
launched but not yet completed th»
French navy will be stronger by 1112 ves
sels in four years, unless the present pro
gramme goes Into the wastebasket and
thus shares the fate of many previous
endeavors to formulate and work out a
naval defense policy. ' '
ROBERTS AND KITCHENER.
POPULAR sentiment in Great Britain gives un
qualified approval to the action of the Ministry
ia sending General Roberts as commander in
chief to South Africa, with General Kitchener as chief
of staff. These two men are for this generation the
military heroes of the empire, and the conclusion in
the British mind is that when they take command
there will be an end to blundering and a straight
march to certain victory.
Military experts, however, are not so sanguine as
the people. They recall that neither Roberts nor
Kitchener has ever fought a foe led by skillful gen
erals, trained in the tactics of modern war and armed
with the weapons of civilization. The experience Rob
erts had in fighting the wild tribes of India and that of
Kitchener in destroying the fanatics of the Soudan
has hardly furnished them with lessons of any great
value in the war they are now about to undertake,
and for that reason the military critics claim their
ability to grapple with the problems of the conflict
before them cannot be taken for granted by reason of
their successes in the past.
It has also been noted by some of these critics that
Roberts is a comparatively old man and has lived his
life in the exhausting climate of India, so that he
will hardly at the age of 67 have much vigor for
active campaigning. On the other hand, Kitchener
if not only a young man, but is one of the young men
who have a contempt for old men in war. He took
none but young men with him to the Soudan and he
has been quoted as saying if he had his way he would
retire from the army every officer over 50 years of
age. From that difference between the two some
critics predict there is likely to be friction between
the commander in chief and the chief of staff and that
the result will be the retirement of one or the other
before the war is over.
One thing is certain, Roberts and Kitchener will
have a much better chance to win fame than Buller
has had. In the first place they will have the benefit
of his disastrous experience in making direct attacks
upon entrenched Boers and they will not make blun
ders of that kind. Moreover, they are to have better
artillery and a larger force of cavalry. They will thus
have many advantages over the unsuccessful general
who started so boldly to march to 'Pretoria before
Christmas, but who up to this time has not succeeded
even in relieving Ladysmith.
Another great advantage will be derived from the
increased confidence which will be given to the Brit
ish troops by the knowledge that Roberts is to com
mand them. According to all reports that come to
us Roberts is one of those rare men who have the
magnetic power of rousing their followers to the
highest levels of courage and endurance. He is the
idol of the army and it is a foregone conclusion that
whatever British pluck can do to win laurels for him
will be done.
TO BE DONE FORTHWITH.
\\ AYOR PHELAN'S reason for vetoing the
/ \ order of the Supervisors imposing a license
tax upon nickel-in-the-slot telephone machines
is sufficiently valid to justify him in his action, pro
vided he keep the promise made in the veto to submit
to the Supervisors "forthwith" a new resolution to
the same purpose. The reason, however, will not be
deemed good by the people if it turn out to be no
more than another means of delaying the issue and
taking it out of the hands of this board.
The Mayor's words are worth noting. He says:
"The only reason for my objection is that City and
County Attorney Lane advised the board before the
passage of the order that it was illegal and would not
stand in the courts. If this is true it would be of no
value bnt only expense to the city to enact the order,
and if it is not true it could only be determined after
i suit in which the City and County Attorney himself
would have to defend the action, and having given an
opinion against the validity of the order he would be
jn no position to defend it. In conterence with him
we have agreed to submit an order which will answer
the Jejral objections. It will be forthwith submitted
f tc your honorable board for enactment.
Lndcr the circumstances, as the term of the present
board is about to close, the Mayor s promise to sub
mit Ins revised order forthwith will have no value to
anybody except the telephone corporations, unless it
mean the order shall be submitted to the board at its
meeting on Tuesday. If it be not so submitted the
Supervisors should pass the former order over the
The reasons for prompt action in this matter are
imperative. The present Board of Supervisors has
undertaken the legislation embodied in the order and
is entitled to the credit and the honor of carrying
it to success. It is well known that the telephone
corporations are fighting for delay. They have «ousrht
to obtain it upon one excuse or another ever since
the ort.cr was introduced. They are. urging it now
and the Mayor will play into their hands if he make
delay. The new board might pass the order if sub
mitted to them, but their, action is uncertain, while
that of the present board is certain. It is not exne
a:ent to take chances with a monopoly so wily and 50
prafpmg as that which controls our telephone system.
Let the order be submitted and enacted forthwith.
have a limit of 2300 yards. The new
ones are of the continuous bucket t>pe
30 by SO feet in size, and designed to
reach thirty feet below water and to
stack tailings thirty-five feet high. There
will then be in the Feather Riven near
Oroville, five dredges of the Postle
thwalte type, two of the scoop type and
a continuous bucket dredge of Eastern
design.
The Feather presents exceptional op
portunities for successful dredging en
terprises In the neighborhood of Oroville,
and they will multiply in the future.
Thousands of acres of that river bottom
will average 15 cents per cubic yard from
grass to bedrock, and the bedrock Is
within reach and soft enough to be prac
tically dug up by the scoops. The iuba
has not proved as good a dredging field as
was anticipated, partly on account of the
deep deposits of comparatively barren
detritus and partly because the stream
shifts its bed so frequently.
The dredging people are generally close
mouthed about their affairs, and no relia
ble statement of the gold prtoduct by
dredging can be given. R. H. Postle
thwaite, who is in an exceptional position
for Judging, estimates the total product
for 1839 at between $150,000 and $200.0<j0.
Some of the present dredges have worked
but a few months. New dredges now
building and the continuous operation of
all should greatly enlarge the output dur
ing 1900. The one operating at Mississip
pi Bar, 150 feet above the American, haa
been making money for eight months,
and the one at Lowden's ranch, up on the
Trinity, has been running successfully for
eighteen months. ..-¦:¦¦ -
On the Feather dredges have handled
gravel during the year at an average total
cost of less than 5 cents per cubic yard.
There are several new dredging enter
prises in process of negotiation and a
number of dredges will undoubtedly be
built during the year. When there are
considered the successes now established,
the hundreds of square miles of aurifer
ous ground that can be worked in no
other way and the Increasing interest in
this safe field, it can be confidently pre
dicted that gold dredging in California
will soon yield upward of $1.000 000 annu
ally and add more to the gold product
than hydraulic mining does now.
AUCTION SALES.
By Chase & Mendenhall— Tuesday. January J. at 11 o'clock.
Vnn Nes* ?tah!es, at £10 Van Ness avenue.
miliar name is that of range-finder, of
which none of those hitherto used have
come up to the requirements. The United
Service speaks in high term 3 ol commen
dation of this new instrument, saying that
It weighs only ten ounces; that it Is easily
carried in a coat pocket: it requires no
microscopic reading: has no adjustments
and the distance can be ascertained in
a few seconds.
The new scale of pay of inspectors of
work in the British dockyards and of
navy work under contract In private
yards allows a yearly salary ranging from
$650 to tSZO to shipwrights, ship fitters,
engine fitters, hydraulic machinists and
boilermakers. Joiners receive $3GO to $75-*;
painters, $300 to $650, and calkers. JOOO tr>
$700. The inspectors are selected from
such men in the dockyards as have serveil
a regular apprenticeship and passed a
qualifying examination. After a certain
number of years they are entitled to pen
sion, graded according to their length of
service.
The French naval programme ns
passed shows that thirty-two vessels ar-j
in course of construction, not yet
launched, and thirty-five are recommer..!
ed to be built during: the next four year.-*,
giving a total of sixty-seven vessels of
?.H, cl^? es t0 be completed or begun by
1903. The number of vessels designate.!
for each year la as follow 3.
gigantic trusts, many of^them topheavy and overcapi
talized, and the wild speculation in them by Wall
street. Had it not been /or the exceptionally strong
position of legitimate business a serious panic would
probably have resulted. But through all the tight
money scare in Wall street for several months back
the genuine trade of the country has moved along
with hardly a ripple. Wall street has had its lesson
and it is to' be hoped that it will profit by it!-
As for California, nothing is to be said except that
the prospects -for- 1900 could not be better. Copious
rains have practically insured abundant crops, the
merchants are doing the largest business for years,
money is easy and collections good, and the croaker
has disappeared from the land-
P.Y JANUARY 1, 1900
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
iTIOS OFFICE.. .Market and Third. S. K.
Telephone Main 16CS.
12DITOKIAL. nnOMS 217 to 221. Stevenson St.
Telephone Stain 1874.
• Delivered far Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Weefc.
Stnsrle? Coplex, G> Centn.
Terms by Mall. Including l'oataarei
DML.Y CALL {Including Snndajr). one year. .Sfl.OO
DAILY CALL linrladinc Sunday). <J month*. . 3.00
UAILV CALL (including- Sunday), 3 months. . J. 50
DAILY CALL — By Single Month..... Cso
»l MiAY CALL One Year l.&O
WEEKLY CALL One Year l-OO
All postmaster* are authorised to receive
sobacrl ptlonn.
Sample copies v» 111 be forwarded when reaneited
miiLAM) OFFICE ©OS Broadway
C. GEORGE KKOGXESS.
Mcnacer Foreign AdvenMnc. Marquette Build
ing;. Chlcaco.
RKIV YOniC COURESPOXDEXTt
C. C CAItLTOX Herald Square
SEW YORK nEriIESEVTATIVEi
TERRY LIKENS jn 2!> Tribune Bulldlnc
cmr*.oo xews stavdsi
Sherman Hoti*p; P. O. NeT»s Co.» Great North
ern Hotel; Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
KEW YORK. SEWS STAXDSi
\Va?dorf-A««orla Hotel; A. Urcntano, 31 Union
Sqiarri Murray Hill Hotel.
XVASIIIXGTOX CD. C.» OFFICE. . Wellington Hotel
J. F. i:\iil.lMi, Correspondent.
nn*\Cll OFTirj^S 127 Montgomery "treet. cor
ner (lav, ojx-n until !>:"O o'clock:. 300 HayeM
¦ Irrrt. open until »:3O o'clock. O3D McAlllntrr
• trcei, open until !«:."H» o'clock. <il."» Larkln
street, open until 8130 o'clock. 1041 Mlsnlon
• trert. open nntll J" o'clock. 2261 Market
¦ treet. corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock.
1090 Valencia street, open until !• o'clock.
)•'<; l.li-irnib street, open until !> o'clock.
JkW. corner T*venty-«econd und Kentucky
street*, open until » o'clock.
King Charles of Portugal to his lady Queen: "Dear
jest^is ciyvcrown on straight?"
ADVERTISEMENTS,
Are the children growing
nicely? A little stronger
each month? A trifle
heavier ? That's good.
Or is one of them growing
the other way? Growing
weaker, growing thinner,
growing paler?
If so, you should try
Scott's Emulsion at once.
'Tis both a food and a
medicine to all delicate
children. It makes them
grow in the right way —
taller, stronger, healthier,
50c and Si.ki, 4.1 druggist*.
— — — m
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrap'»
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children whlla Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the rums, allays pain, cures Wind Colic, regu-
lates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
ether causes. For sala by drusrgists in every
part of the world. Be sure and asic for lira.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup, Sc a bottle.
A contortionist may bo completely
wrapped up In himself without being con-
ceited.
Start the new year with a box of Town-
send's California Glace Fruits, 50c Dcr
lb. 627 Market; Palace. ' V r
Cream mixed candles In Japanese bas-
kets, 2 Ib 50c.. at Townsend'a, 627 Market.*
THE OLD YEAR AND ITS RECORD.
NOW and then expectations are realized in this
uncertain world, and the :Commercial year of
! 1899 was one of these pleasant exceptions. In
volume of business and magnitude of profits it broke
all previous records. Indeed, it exceeded the most
sanguine anticipations in the upward movement of
values. Taking the bank clearings of the country
as an index the volume of business was 74 per cent
larger than in 1897 and 51' per cent larger than in 1892,
the year preceding the panic. The failures, too, were
the smallest in seventeen years, but the collapse of
speculation in copper and the consequent failures in
Boston a week or two ago added over $18,000,000 to
the year's liabilities. ' Including this serious amount
the liabilities in 1899 were $120,000,000, of which $89,
260,000 were commercial and the balance banking,
most of the latter being charged up to Boston, and
within a fortnight. The average of liabilities to fail
ures was $9500, the smallest average in twenty-five
years. The best showing of the year was made by the
Southern and Pacific States, where the decrease in
failures from 1898 was 33 per cent. The railroads
added their share to the general prosperity, their. gross
and net receipts exceeding all records' Railroad
building was the heaviest since 1890, double the aver
age of the preceding four years and 50 per cent more
? 1 :„ ,o^,o
The* export trade of the country made an equally
fine showing. It footed up almost $1,280,000,000, or
about 3 per cent over 1898, which was the largest pre
vious year. Manufactured goods are credited with
most of the gain in 1899, as breadstuffs and cotton
fell off 15 per cent each, the latter in consequence
of a decreased crop, and cattle and hogs 12 per cent.
The imports from foreign countries during the year
amounted to about $800,000,000, which gives us a
total foreign trade of about $2,000,000,000, which, it
is unnecessary to say, has never been equaled. It was
a manufacturers' rather than a producers' year, as
manufactured products advanced in price all around,
with a greatly increased output, while cereals declined
about 6 per cent, with diminished shipments abroad.
Metals advanced about 50 per cent over 1898. The
other advances are in raw cotton and wool, coal, hides
and leather, provisions of all kinds and live stock,
not to mention hundreds of lesser products. The ap
preciation in wool was 35 per cent and in cotton 29.5
per cent. The heavy increase in imports of raw ma
terial during the year shows the intense activity of
our manufacturing plants. The balance of trade in
favor of the United States, while not as large as in
1898, owing to the increase in imports, still aggre
gated an enormous amount.
The prospects for the coming year are fully as flat
tering as on January I, 1809. Most manufacturing
lines have entered the new year with order books
filled from three to six months ahead. The. iron out
put is contracted for far into the year, say from six to
nine months. The tremendous activity in iron and
steel was the great feature of the year.
Columns would be required to enumerate the in
crease in business in the different lines, hence only the
important ones are mentioned. The only cloud dur
ing the whole year was- the, reckless formation-^f,
AMUSEMENTS.
Orrheum— Vaudeville.
California— "With Flyinr Colcrs."
Columbia— "'•The Christian."
Tivoli— --Little 80-I'eej>."
Grand Op<»ra-house — "Sinbad."
Grand Opera-House— Syrr.phor.y Concert TfcursSay afternoon,
January **¦
fAlhambra — "FinEican'e Ball."
Alcazar— ••Chimmie Fa<sden."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
ereninc.
Olysjpla, corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
VWstem Turf Association ra-cea to-day.
REMNANTS oF...__
DRESS SILKS, LACES,
VELVETS, DRESS TRIMMING,
RIBBONS, DRAPERY GOODS,
Marked at About One-Half Usual Prices.
SPECIAL PRICE REDUCTIONS.
LADIES' PLAID DRESS SKIRTS.
Made of good' quality anJ desirable styles of this season's
plaid; lined and interlined: the rem under or styles <!>O *j 'f?
that were sold at $5 and $6. Now on sale at- M>O« / 3
LADIES' BLACK SATEEN PETTICOATS.
Flounce ruffle, trimmed and dust rufflr; the regular <£l f\f\
¦ 51.50 grade. Now on special sale at vJJI&vJvF
•\ * .
LADIES' SILK. PETTICOATS.
Made of an excelhnt grade of tiff ruffh trimmed ; <£/f CA
good colorings; regular valus 56.50. Nowon sale at n)T"» \J\J
ON SALE AT BOTH STORES.
KOHLBERG, STRAUSS & FROWN,
107-109 Post Street.
1220-1222-1224 Market Street,
THE NEW YEAR.
WHETHER we count it the last" year of a fad
ing century or the first of a new. one, igoo will
still have a particular, significance to the world.
It has been marked at its beginning by the most sol
emn services of the church, is' to be commemorated
in the most splendid capital of the world by an expo
sition of unsurpassed magnificence and beauty, and
promises to be for the world at large, despite the por
tentous war in South Africa, a period of unexampled
prosperity. ' „
Carlyle has told us:. "There are ten thousand times
ten thousand clocks in the world to sound with
clangor the alarm as the day passes on from hour to
hour, but there is no sound heard from the great horo
logue of eternity to warn the soul as the ages svveep
on from eon to eon." Man of his own volition must
stop and count and make note, if he would mark the
procession of centuries and measure how far he has
mounted upward to higher levels of life in the course
of any one of them.
0 That meditation will to-day, to some extent at least,
occupy every reflecting mind throughout the Chris
tian world. Men will compare and contrast so far as
they can the condition of mankind with what it was
in iSoo. The tremendous advance which has be^n
made in every form of material good, will occur to
all. The vast increase in man's power over the forces
of nature will engage serious attention; nor will any
one overlook the thousand evidences of a moral im
provement in the general. mass of men attending the
improvement in their physical comforts and in all the
complex materialities of their environment.
The proofs of ennoblement resulting from the work
and the thought of the century will be noted with
gratification. They are to be found everywhere,
even in the war in South Africa. Battles are no
longer so bloody as they were, the contending forces
are gentler toward the prisoners who fall into their
power, and a thousand tender ministrations of skillful
hands and kind hearts await to relieve the pain of
the wounded and as far as possible nurse them back
to health.
From the great advance which has been made since
the beginning of the century, it is certainly reasonable
to draw auguries of a still greater advance in the cen
tury to come. Science and mechanical ingenuity have
accomplished marvels in drawing men . into closer
communication and relationship to one another, and
with that has come a diminution of racial enmities.
The industrial forces that, make for peace increase
with the years, and the enlightened body of men and
women who oppose wars grows in numbers and m
prestige. It is still a military world. The nations
were never before so universally armed, nor did they
ever watch one another with more of jealousy. Never
theless it was never before so peaceful a world, nor
did the nations ever before have so many alliances
that tend to the maintenance of peace.
Considered from every point of view, therefore, the
century has given good reason' for the highest hopes
of humanity. In all the tides of time never was there
such progress made in any other century, and never
did a New Year's day dawn that brought to the world
so bright a prospect and so strong a promise of com
ing good.
We sleep and wake and sleep, but all things move,
The sun flies onward to his brother sun;
The dark earth follows wheeled in her eclipse.
And human things, returning on themselves.
Move onward, leading up the golden year.
THE NEW COMMISSIONS
OF the Mayor's selections of Commissioners to
administer the various branches of the munici
pal government under the new charter, it may
be said as was said of the ten virgins in the parable,
some are wise and some are foolish. It is to be re
gretted that the Mayor has shown the worst judgment
in the very appointments where he should have exer
cised his best.
Taking the list in the order given out and published
yesterday, and reviewing it as a whole, the first com
mission, that of the Board of Public Works, will meet
with general approval. It is excellent in every re
spect. Following it is the Civil Service Commission,
which has been very inadequately filled. The ap
pointees are not strong men and as a body the com
mission is likely to fall below the level of the respon
sibilities imposed upon it. The 'appointees to the
Board of Education are also unsatisfactory. The Po
lice Commission is fairly well made up. On the Fire
Commission two good men have been named and
they may perhaps control the board and make it an
efficient body. The Election Commission will pass
as good. The Park Commission is excellent and the
same commendation can be given to the Board of
Health. " V° : v ",
It will be seen that the two commissions to which
the weakest appointments have been made are the
Civil Service and the Board of Education. Now it is
upon these two commissions that the most important
reforms and administrative work under the new char
ter are to be carried out. The foundation of the whole
new charter system of government rests upon the
regulation of the civil service. That commission will
have to resist and to overcome all the push and the
pull of the job chasers and the .bosses; it will have ro
put aside even* temptation toward partiality or favor
itisrrr, no matter upon what consideration they b~
urged. Bad men or weak; men who are intense, par
tisans or who are inclined to use official power for
their own advantage can readily find means to evade
the civil service regulations and' advance unworthy
favorites to office. The Call does not charge that the
Commissioners appointed by the Mayor will misuse
their authority and turn their office into a patronage
bureau, but it does say the importance of the civil ser
vice to the municipality under the new charter is so
great that the men chosen to administer it should
have been among the strongest and most eminent in
the city. The public will not have full confidence in
the Commissioners until they win it by the merit of
their service and it is to be hoped that merit will be
shown.
The Board of Education has charge of a work
whose importance it would be difficult to overesti
mate. It will have to undertake something like a rad
ical reform of the schools, for it is well known that
for years past every successive School Board has fur
nished the city with scandalous jobs or frauds of some
kind. The variety, the extent and the degree of evils
caused to public education by corrupt or inefficient
school boards have long been the subject of indignant
comment and formed the theme of the main discus
sion at the recent con% r ention of the Teachers' Asso
ciation. It is therefore with deep concern the public
will note the weakness of the Mayor's appointments
to that board.
Protest apairst the appointments is of course un
availing. The people, however, will note the weak
places in the administration that is to direct municipal
affairs in the inauguration of the new charter, and will
be prompt to note any sign of inefficiency or evidence
of bad intent. The sanguine spirit that now animates
nearly all classes of citizens will incline them to ex
pect the best results, but it will not blind them to
faults or frauds; and while honor will be given where
hooor is due, there will be swift and sharp condem
nation of any official or any commission that betrays
the popular confidence that with the new charter and
the new era, there are to be, along with prosperity
and improvement, a marked degree of efficiency, hon
esty and civic patriotism in every department of the
municipal administration.
YELLOW GOLD
AND NEWS OF
ITS DIGGERS
The Year's Yieid, the Mining Bu
reau, Golden Mud" and
Location Problems.
It Is too early for more than approxlm
ate estimates of the State's mineral prod
uct for ISW. and the best of these ma:
prove very, erroneous when reliable sta
tlstics have been compiled three months
or so hence by tho Mint- and Mining Bu
reau.
The. gold product Is not likely to vary
more than $500,000 from that of IS9B, and
may be nearly the same. Selbys, who re
ceive at first bond and refine two-thirds
or more of the gold product, expect little
change. The Director of the Mint has
just proclaimed a preliminary estimate
crediting California with $14,952,332, as
compared with $15,637,900 last year. His
figures are doubtless too low, as they gen
erally are. Good authorities. In close
touch with the Industry, expect, an in
crease of nearly a half million.
Under normal conditions there would
have been an increase reaching into the
millions. The enlargements in the scale
of operations of many of the biggest pro
ducing mines, the bringing into produc
tion of many new and rehabilitated prop
erties and the enormous increase of ac
tivity in every department of the mining
Held make this certain.
Of course, it was the drought that les
sened the golden stream. In 18'JS it was
estimated that the lack of water that
year cut short the gold product by $4,000,
uOO. In 1899 the industry suffered an un
precedented second year of drought, and
as the stored waters were everywhere al
ready abnormally low, the effect was
more severe than in the year before. Late
in the season production was nearly sus
pended along the mother lode. Many of
the heaviest producers again ran on half
time or hung up all their stamps for
weeks. Late in September there was
hardly a mill running In Tuolumne Coun
ty; in hydraulic mines, monitors were
silent; drift miners could not wash their
gravel. The shortage thus occasioned
again reached millions.
But the mining industry looks up now
with the remainder of the State as buoy
ant and as certain of a great future as
and other Industry. The liberal rains
have supplied already all lack of water
and there will be an abundance during the
coming year; which will send the product
to figures not reached before in a genera
tion, '¦'¦m -
Copper, petroleum, quicksilver, borax,
silver, asphalt and other products will
show gains and a gr«U increase of de
velopment and prospects for the near fu
ture. There will likely be an increase of a
million barrels of petroleum and copper
will show a great advance. The quick
silver boom has only fairly begun.
The appointment of W. H. Storms as
the third of the Governor's own field min
ing experts and the accompanying pros-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 1, 1900.
ADVERTISEMENTS
4
Types of Vesg
T?.-<
iitiesnips
Ar:
•mored cruisers
rst-class cruise:
rs.
!stroyers
.... 4
Gu
mboats
Pul
bmarine boats
Pm
uariron tnmtn^r,
its. 6 i
Fir
r<*t.r!n«« Im^aA
rst-ciass torped
irblne toroedo t
ar?
Tntal
X OtJUROMT:, Drc. 21.— 1t Is asserted that the Pop© after the recent ceremony of
opening the holy door at St. Peter's Cathedral addressed his intimate ln
tourage and eaid:
"I thank Divine Providence for granting me the gTace of being able to
celebrate this great function, and I wish for my successor grandeur and a
long reign, to the gTeater glory of God. My successor will be young as
compared with my own age, and will have time to see many glories of the papacy
and the church."
Later Leo clearly designated Cardinal Girolamo Maria Gotti, prefect of the con
groiratlon of indulgences and sacred relics, as his successor.
It Is hard to tell how the candidature of Cardinal Gotti sprang Into existence.
He is a monk of the barefooted Carmelite order, and is as Ligurian as Pope
Julius 11. But he holds himself apart from the miseries of the world like Sextus
V before h<» throw away his crutches. He displayed diplomatic qualities of tho
highest order in the mission to Brazil confided to him by Leo XIII.
In that country, in addition to the conflict going on between the civil and re
llfrious authorities, the church was In considerable danger on account of the lack
of discipline which prevailed among the clergy and the episcopate. To the great
astonishment of every one the Pope selected the superior of the barefooted Car
mclitos, who happened to he Father Gotti, to put an end to disorder and re-es
tablish harmony between the religious and civil powers.
Father Gotti In two or three years triumphed over all difficulties and his
sucooss was so complete that on his return the holy father decreed him a
Can'.inal's hat. Greatness appears to have no temptations for Cardinal Gotti, for,
though clothed in purple, he occupies a very modest room at the Forum of Tra
jan and sleeps on a monk's bed. His political tendencies are unknown and he
may be either a conciliatory Pope or a fighting Pope, according to his personal
Inclination and to the character of the majority which places him In St. Peter's
chair.
NEW SHIPS BUILT
DURING THE YEAR
Total Tonnage More
Than in 1898.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"WASHINGTON, Dec. 31.— The total
number of vessels built and officially
numbered by the Bureau of Navigation
during the calendar year Just ended was
954, aggregating 267,642 gross tons, com
pared with "955, aggregating 237,600 gross
tons, for the year 189 S. Steam vessels
built during 1899 numbered 421. of 160,132
gross tons, compared with 550 of 169,602
gross tons for IS9B. Sail vessels numbered
533 of 107,510 gross tons, compared with
405 of 67,998 gross tons for 1898. The In
crease Is almost wholly on the Atlantic
and Gulf coasts, where 658 vessels of 163,
519 gross tons were built, compared With
538 vessels of 86,005 gross tons for 1898. On
the Paclnc Coast only 114 vessels of 20,5(/7
gross tons were built, compared with 240
of 61,923 gross tons for the previous year.
This failing off In construction on the
Pacific Coast, In spite of the fact that the
Alaskan trade next year will be very large,
Is due partly to the belief that American
merchant vessels hitherto employed as
transports to Manila will be released and
enter the coasting trade in the spring.
Construction on the lakes comprised 70
vessels of 72,094 gross tons, compared with
66 of 75,067 gross tons for 1898; on the Mis
sissippi and Western rivers 112 of 11,942
gross tons, compared with 111 of 14,605
gross tons for IS9S. he total output for
the United Kingdom for the year has not
been ascertained, but it will exceed 744
steamships of 1,363,319 gross tons, all of
which were steel, built during 1898. The
returns for the first six months of the fis
cal year show the construction in the
United States of 627 vessels of 133,487 gross
tons, compared with 511 vessels of 130,154
gross tons for the corresponding six
months of the previous fiscal year. None
of the foregoing figures Include unrigged
barges and canal boats. Including these
the total documented tonnage built in the
United States during the current fiscal
year bids fair to be somewhat over 300,000
gross tons.
WOODLAND, Dec. 31.— Goaslps have found a sweet morsel for conjecture in
the engagement of Miss Voletah West and Byron C, Hughes, both of whom are
s descendants of the oldest, most prominent and influential families of the
"" Sacramento Valley. They will be married to-morrow at the residence of
the parents of the bride, Mr. and Mrs. W. H. "West, who reside three miles north
of Dunnlgan, Yol« county. :'.''¦ •'?:',
The bride is widely known in the society of two counties, Yolo and Colusa,
and she is a great favorite in both. She is an only daughter, charming in man
ner and appearance, and possesses rare physical graces and accomplishments of
a high order. Mr. Hughes is the third son of Mr. and Mrs. T. F. Hughes. He
Is a prosperous young farmer of exemplary habits and high character.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
OTHELLO, THE MOOR OF VENICE.
Copyright, 1899,
by Seymour Eaton.
POPULAR STUDIES IN SHAKESPEARE.
Contributors to this course: Dr. Edward Dowden. Dr. William J. Rolfe. Dr. Hamilton
W. Mabie. Dr. Albert S. Cook. Dr. Hiram Corson. Dr. Isaac N. Demmen. Dr. Vld» D.
Scudder and others.
IX. OTHELLLO.
Introductory Study.
The tragedy of "Othello" is everywhere
acknowledged to be one of the greatest
triumphs of human genius. In both con
ception and execution it stands unsur
passed In the literature of ancient or mod
ern times. It fulfills all the conditions
of high tragedy. Here if anywhere in art
we stand face to face with the solemn
mystery of evil, the possibilities of human
wickedness, the heights of human devo
tion. In lago on the one hand and in the
Moor and his gentle lady on the other
tho extremes of human character meet In
mortal conflict, and there is no hand to
save. The evil prevails so far as evil can
ever prevail. We pity and tremble and
are chastened. |
Can anything new be said about this
stupendous work? For 100 years now
learned critics and lovers of Shakespeare,
from Schlegel and Coleridge to George
Brandes and Sidney Lee, have given us
the results of their studies upon the sub
ject in all its phases. As we turn from
the survey of the mass of writings' that
have gathered about the play we are apt
to feel as though there were nothing
more, either wise or foolish, left to be
said. The better we know the piece the
more we are likely to feel with Dr. John
son that "the beauties of this play im
press themselves so strongly upon the
attention of the reader that they can
draw no aid from critical Illustration";
and perhaps the most helpful advice one
THE RIALTO, VENICE.
can give Is, to read, and to reread, and to
read again. For one to attempt to sum
marize, abridge or interpret piecemeal for
another, seems almost an impertinence.
In plot structure "Othello" shares with
"Coriolanus" the distinction of being the
moat symmetrical and evenly sustained of
the author's works. The explanation of
this in the case In hand may be seen in
the nature of the theme and in the form
of the original story. In Cinthlo's tale
the plot is simple and the characters are
few. Only one of bis persons bears a
name ("Dlsdemona," the ill-starred).
Shakespeare selects names for the others,
and in place of the wife's "relatives"
puts Brabantio. To this small group he
adds the dupe Roderigo, a creature of
his own lnventfon; and to what Important
use he puts him in bringing out the real
nature of lago is speedily apparent. In
their first words together we early discov
er the "eternal villain." "the busy and In
sinuating rogue." as he acts out his das
tardly plans. Not less clearly appears the
noble, unsuspecting, free and open nature
of hl3 victim, the Moor. The lines of at
tack are worked out with precision, and
the nature of the struggle is plainly fore
shadowed. In spite of all hl3 efforts to
escape the hero is gradually but securely
entolled. and the plot P«> ceed » w '™
steady and relentless movement to the
tragic close. The climax or height of
entanglement is reached in the third act,
and the curtain quickly falls upon the
ratastruDhe in the fifth. There is no di
gression? scene follows scene uninterrupt
edly and remorselessly. No explanationsof
the awiul consequences are offered, no
moral drawn Let the student compare
tho finished Play with the Italian original
Sven in fuU in Furness) and learn once
for all how Shakespeare handled his ma
te i r n al character development this play Is
m^hlracter, but merely to the rousing of
Lesions already dormant in his breast.
The unfolding of character, however,
seen "n all the principal persons of the
nlot has nowhere been surpassed.
As a Itage Play "Othello" has always
betn a favorite with the public and with
thl profession. All the great actors of
modern times, from Burbage to the elder
Salvini, have appeared In It. »e\eral of
them with world-renowned success Of
tho last it was common to say that he did
not play Othello; that he was Othello. A
like Judgment was passed upon Edmund
Kean by his contemporaries.
In studying any work of Shakespeare's
we do well to remember that he wrote for
a London audience and that he was thor
oughly English. Especially do we need
toteep this in mind when confronted with
the mass of antiquarian and other matter
that has been .literally piled upon his
plays in recent years, much of whicn
serves to darken rather than to elucidate
their meaning. We are not to suppose,
for example that in writing Hamlet
he cared much for Danish customs as
such; or in writing "Coriolanus for the
life of prehistoric Rome. *or romantic
purposes his scenes were generally laid
In remote places or distant times, or both,
and he preserves in varying degree the lo
cal coloring of his sources. This, however,
is often little more than a matter of
names. In his Italian and Scotch scenes
he has preserved more fully than else
where the local atmosphere, and from this
it has been claimed that he must have
visited those countries in person. How
ever that may be. as he wrote for an Eng
lish audience and in the English tongue
he naturally made his characters men and
women not too foreign to English blood.
Accordingly Theseus becomes an English
nobleman. Hamlet an English prince,
Desdemona an English wife. Even his
supernatural characters are English. En
glish fairies dwell in Athenian groves
and English witches on the blasted heath
of Scotland.
Does this rule hold for Othello? Not a
few critics, following the lead of A. W.
Schlegel, have maintained that Othello
can only be understood in the light of his
racial peculiarities. "We recognize in
Othello," says Schlegel. "the wild nature
of that glowing zone which generates the
most raging beasts of prey and the mo3t
deadly polaons, tamed only in appearance
by the desire of fame, by foreign laws of
honor and by nobler and milder manners.
His jealousy is not the Jealousy of the
heart, which is compatible with the tcn
derest feeling and adoration of the be
loved object; it is of that sensual kind,"
etc. No doubt difference in blood appears
to serve a purpose in bringing on the
catastrophe of the play, as in the original
tale; but is this difference essential or ac
cidental with Shakespeare? Commentators
who seek to rationalize the poet's methods
and to find a cause for every effect will,
of course, make this difference the main
spring of the tragedy. But is this the
real truth of the matter? May not the
mad Jealousy of Othello be met with un
der every sun? Did Shakespeare's audi
ence need to go to Italy for examples of
innocence misled, betrayed, destroyed?
Was the noble, credulous, passionate man
a stranger to their observation? Othello's
African blood is a mere accident and must
not blind us to the real significance of this
marvelous presentation of a universal
fact, as mysterious as it is universal, the
presence in the world of malignant and
deadly forces in human shape, and the
consequent danger that threatens, we may
almost. say is inherent In, the possession
of the noblest virtues.
Does the wickedness of lago pass belief?
.We should be glad to think so; and yet
our desire to think so may blind us to th«
real truth about wicked men, as the sim
plicity of Desdemona and Othello closed
their eyes to the r*>al naturo of their ad
versary. That cold, calculating, serpent
like Intellectuality, which consider* truth
fulness folly and virtue a fig. is still pres
ent in the world Jr. which we live. St.
Paul found It in his day: Shakespeare na<l
evidently encountered It: the scriptu.*
paradox. "Be ye wise as serpents and
harmless as doves." points to Its exist
ence. Vet. bad as lago is, true to human
nature even In Its most villainous forjn.
he goes seeking for motives to Justify hii
diabolical schemes. "The Moor hail passed
him by unjustly.'". ln this connection Coi*'
ridge'a well-worn phrase, "the motive
hunting of a motiveless malignity," muit
do duty orfco more.
Was Othello a blackamoor? W« have
no means of knowing how Burbage pre
sentPd the character; but from th»» elegy
written upon him •n the time of hl.-»
death we may infer that this was his
'Hut l?t me not forget one chiefe»t Dart
Wherein, beyond the r»»st. he moved th» heart.
The grieved Moor, rmirlf Jealous by a slave.
Who sent his wife to fill a timeless xravp.
Then slew himself up«n the bloody N»<l.'
The language of the piiy seems to make
Othello black, not tawny. One passage
especially leaves room for little doubt on
this point:
"Her nam», that was n* fresh
An Plan's visage. Is now b»>j;rlm'>i and black
As mine own face." (111., 3, tS*-ISJL)
Throughout thf» eighteenth century. from-
Beterton to KembU\ he was uniformly so
represented upon the English stage and
generally in the scarlet uniform of a Brit
ish officer. Garrlck so played the part.
The elder Kean (ISU) was the first to
break the tradition
In this case, as in
the case of Shylock.
and acted the part
as a tawny iloor.
His example has
been generally fol
lowed from that day
to this.
The question of
color divides itself
into two parts—
what was Shake
peare's Intention?
and what is most
effective on tho
modern stage? On
the second point we
may safely assume
that the lighter col
or is the only one
acceptable to tho
audience of to-day.
Did Shakespeare
himself consider the
matter important? In Clnthlo'a tale the
wicked ensign urges the blackness (ne
i» zzaj of the Aioor as a reason for Des
demona's alleged aversion to her hus
band. Did the poet take this literally and
think it not worth while to modify It, or
did he deliberately choose to startle us
by another of those daring contrasts
which approach the very limits of proba
bility, such as the wooing of Anne la
"Kichard III," or the opening scene
of "Lear," or Hamlet's cruelty to
Ophelia? Christopher North held to
the latter opinion, and argued it with
no little persuasiveness, "mack Is tho
utter antithesis." "Pity for the contrast
and the thought of the immense love that
has overcome it." "Every Jot of soot you
take from his complexion you take an
iota from the stgnitied power of love."
Such are his words; but he tempers them
with the reflection that "on the stage
some consciousness that everything is not
as literally meant as It seems— that sym
bols of humanity, and not actual men
and women, are before you— saves the
piay." Wllson"s view (lsso> had been
anticipated by Charles Lamb (lSllj In his
delightfully semi-quizzical essay "On the
Tragedies of Shakespeare." The love of
Desaemona for Othello is there cited as
an illustration of "the perfect triumph of
virtue over accidents, of the imagination
over the senses." But while he justilles
this In a reading play, he objects to Its
visual presentation upon the stage.
Was Othello jealous? Coleridge argued,
with his usual subtlety, that he was not.
The answer to the question depends upon
our definition of the term. Othello Is cer
tainly not such a Jealous man as was
Leontes. We commonly associate with
the word the element of morbid distrust.
Othello was clearly not jealous In this
baser sense. He Is wholly unsuspecting
at first. lago's insinuations surprise and
trighten him.
"Therefore these stops of thine fright me tl»«
more."
He does not welcome distrust; he fights
against it. Yet his suspicions are finally
aroused and confirmed by the satanlc In
genuity of lago and the co-operation of
late, and his great heart is fired and torn
by trie pains of jealousy. Thl3 he himself
realized when it was too late; and per
haps the best answer to our question,
after al'., la that given in his own words—
"One not easily Jealous, but, being wrought.
Perplexed la the extreme."
True, a few moments before, when con
fronted with his deed, he exclaimed:
"For nought did I In hate, but all In honor";
yet, when the full sense of his rashness
comes over him, he falls Into setf
reproaches of the bitterest tone:
"When we shall meet, at compt.
This look of thine will hurl my soul from
heaven,
And fiends will snatch at It*;
and a little later;
¦"O fool! fool: fool!"
But these reproaches are not Shakes
peare's, nor shall they be ours. We pre
ter Cassio'js final word.
For he was great of heart."
Indeed, we miss the true import of tho
play entirely If we do not see and dwell
upon the wrong done to Othello rather
thar* the wrong done by him. The ap
palling calamity that falls upon him is the
central theme of the whole. The fate of,
Desdcmona, pitiful as it is — and it could
not be more so — is secondary to the other.
Ccleridge has rightly urged that we must
perseveringly put ourselves In Othello's
place and remember his entire confidence
in lago's honesty, a confidence we find it
difficult to comprehend from the point of
view of a mere spectator. Unless Othello
wins our deepest sympathy for his un
happy and unmerited fate the tragedy
falls for us. Such compassion can arise
only from a sense of kinship with his no
bility of nature.
The theater-goer of ancient Athens sat
at the foot of the Acropolis, with th© blue
vault of heaven above him and all the
glories of mountain and sea around him
and listened to the cries of suffering man
in the toils of Inexorable fate as por
trayed by
"The mellow glory of the Attic stasre
Singer of sweet Colonus and Its child."
Long centuries after and under far other
skies a motley throng flocked to the
Bankslde to hear the "O! O! O'"' of tho
grieved Moor and witness the tragic load-
Ing of the bed. How different the scene
the time and all. Yet the two were one'
Here as there human hearts were touched
by human woes when tuned by the master
hand; and here as there the awful mys
tery of unmerited suffering and anguish
pressed upon and subdued the croud
spirits of men.
University of Michigan.
BATTLE IN A
CHINESE JUNK
Illicit Shrimp Fishers
Resist Arrest.
THREATEN THE CONSTABLE
DISPLAY OF WEAPONS BRINGS
THEM 'TO TIME.
Twenty Members of the King Ow
Yong Company Arrested and
Their Junks Held as
Evidence. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 31.— A hand-to
hand fight in a plunging, rolling Junk be
tween desperate shrimp fishers and San
Rafael officers took "place to-day. The
men were caught red-handed with the
holds of their craft filled up with small
fish and shrimps caught with the aid of
the forbidden "set net."
Late last night Constable George Agnew
received word from Point San Pedro that
the fishermen of King Ow Yong's combine
were using the proscribed nets and also
mingling a plentiful sprinkling o' "small
fry" along with their lawful prey of
shrimps. At dawn this morning Agnew,
accompanied by Deputy Fish Commis
sioner Alfonso Miller and several depu
ties, left for the scene. On their arrival
they found the junks were out at sea,
and surmising that the fishermen were at
their work the officials embarked In a
swift sloop to effect their capture. All
the junks but one yielded quietly to the
representatives of the law and took their
way shoreward to await a launch to tow
thorn back to San Rafael. The exception
ran up her sail and stood out across the
bay toward San Pablo. Taking In the sit
uation the oflicers gave chase and for
about half an hour the two craft tore
through the water with their lee rails
submerged. The boat occupied by the of
ficers, however, soon shortened the dis
tance between pursuer and pursued. A
heavy sea was running at the time and to
board the Orientals' craft was a task
of the utmost difficulty. After some
trouble Agnew managed to spring aboard
and was instantly surrounded by Chinese
with their arms raised In a threatening
manner and armed with boat hooks. In
the meantime the craft which Miller and
the deputies occupied had been compelled
to sheer off, as the heavy sea made the
two craft roll against each other and the
clumsy junk with her ponderous steering
sweep threatened to smash the smaller
boat to pieces. Agnew drew a pistol on
his assailants, but even with this auxil
iary it is doubtful if he would have been
able to keep them off had not Miller seen
his plight and sent three bullets crashing
in uncomfortable proximity to the Ori
entals' heads.
This brought them to time and no fur
ther difficulty was experienced with them.
The arrested men, twenty in all, belong
to the King Ow Yong Company and are
among those who have been most per
sistent in the persecution of the Yung Wo
fishermen, who, by refusing to Join the
Yong combine, brought the hatred of the
wholo fishing community on their heads.
Nets, fish and Junks will be brought to
San Rafael to be usod as evidence against
the prisoners. The various factions of tho
camp at Point San Pedro have for a long
time been at outs and the frequent ar
rests which have occurred of late will
add fuel to the fire and a general war
of the tongs Is feared to be imminent.
Reduced Rates.
The great historic panorama of the Bat
tle of Manila Bay, which has been on
exhibition at Central Park for several
months, is soon to be removed for ship
ment to the Paris Exposition. Thousands
have visited the panorama since Its es
tablishment here, and now to afford
every one an opportunity to Inspect this
magnificent picture the management has
decided to reduce the price of admission
to 25 cents for adults and 10 cents for
children.
This generous action on the part of the
exhibitors will doubtless be appreciated by
the public and be met by large attend
ance.
Bound for Washington.
Registered at the Palace Is a party of
distinguished politicians, who arrived at
the hostelry last evening from the south
ern part of the State. It consists of Sen
ator George L. Shoup of Idaho, Senator
C. D. Clark of Wyoming, Hon. BinjrT
Hermann, United States Land Commis
sioner; General F. C. Ainsworth, Governor
N. O. Murphy of Arizona and Dr. F. K.
Ainsworth of the Southern Pacific Com
pany.
The party has been through Arizona,
New Mexico and other portions of the
south on official business connected with
the dlffernt departments and Congression
al committees to which they belong, and
happening to meet they Joined together
ana are now in this city en route to Wau.
lngton, D. C.
ASSERTS THAT DEWEY
KEPT OUT OF RANGE
Montejo Attributes His Defeat at
Manila to the Weakness of
His Guns.
CHICAGO. Dec. 31.— The Tribune to-day
prints the text of Admiral Montejo's de
fense under court-martial proceedings for
his defeat at Manila. The bulk of the
blame is charged by the admiral, not to
himself or his fleet, but to the Spanish
Government for unprepared conditions.
He claims that Admiral Dewey kept out
of range of Spanish guns— a proceeding
which Montejo refers to as a "retreat.
Admiral Montejo says:
* The only preparation that had been made for
war was made by the Americans. The initial
velocity of our cannon was 510 metres; that
of the smallest cannon of our enemy was 7DO
metres. Admiral Dewey, with pencil In hand,
noted the thickness of his mantles and his
casements and knew wbat energy was required
to penetrate them. He also knew exactly the
weight of the most powerful projectile of our
ships and by a simple mathematical calcula
tion he arrived at the distance at which he
could fight without himself receiving any harm,
lie says he ascertained that he could fight at
a distance of 2000 or 3000 metres wjth absolute
Impunity. The situation, therefore, was Just
thi?: We were vulnerable to all the projectiles
of the enemy, and this the enemy well knew,
while he isot out of reach of our cannon and
remained tut of range all the while.
In order to give an idea of our miserable
situation I may mention that we had only four
teen torpedoon for the defense of 2000 metres of
space, and that the cable which we obtained
In Hongkong was only long enough for five tor
pedos, and therefore only five torpedoes could
be "laced.
Milioecker Dead.
VIENNA. Dec. 31.— MHloockor. tho ""-n
poser, who had been suffering from a part
Aiviic; stroke, died to-day.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Humbert Pardons Rioters
JUDGE HENRY'S BODY
LAID IN THE GRAVE
Services Attended by the Workmen
and the Sacramento Bar
Association.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 31.— The funeral of
Justice of the Peace W. A. Henry took
place this afternoon, and was attended by
a very large number of citizens, repre
senting nearly all the walks of life. The
services were held under the auspices of
the United Order of WorKmen, of which
the Judge had long been a prominent
member. The local bar association was
present In a body.
The services were conducted jointly by
the Workmen and Rev. J. B. Silcox pas
tor of the Congregational Church," who
spoke in high terms of the character of
the popular magistrate, with which he
was thoroughly acquainted. The floral
pieces were of most exquisite design and
beauty.
The pallbearers were Superior Judge
Matt F. Johnson, County Assessor Thom
as Berkey, Sheriff Frank Johnson, Dis
trict Attorney Charles Baker, Charles T
Jones and L. Neuborg.
MRS. OELRICHS RECEIVES
Dinner to a Select Party of Friends
at Sherry's.
NEW YORK. Dec. 31.— Mrs. Herman
Oelrichs gave a dinner at Sherry's in the
palm garden to-day. Her guests were
Mr. and Mrs. GeOrge B. de Forest. Mr
and Mrs. Frank Carolan of San Francis
co; Mrs. Burke Roche, Mr and Mrs
Charles Childs, James W. Gerard Jr '
Stuyvesant Le Roy Jr., Frank L. V. Hop
pin, P. Cooper Hewitt and M. J. Kennedy
of San Francisco. At the "Hungarian '
ball in Madison Square Garden Mrs. Oel
richs and her guests occupied boxes.
TEMBLORS IN THE SOUTH.
Shocks Felt at Los Angeles and San
Diego.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 31.—Two slight
earthquake shocks were felt here at 4
o'clock this morning. No damage was
done so far as known. The shock was
felt at San Bernardino and other points
south and east.
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 31.—There was a
sharp shock of earthquake about 3 o'clock
this morning and another at 1 this after
noon. _
Pelotas Is Safe.
LONDON. Dec. 31.—The Hamburg and
South American Line steamer Le Pelotas.
from Santos for Rotterdam, went ashore
near Dungeness Friday night during a
heavy storm, and was drawn off about 10
o'clock this morning by five tugs. Appar
ently the vessel has not received serious
Injuries. She proceeded for Rotterdam
In tow of two tugs.
m
Will Become a Citizen.
KANSAS CITY. Dec. 31.-Philip E. Bur
rough, who has been British Vice Con
sul in Kansas City for nearly six years,
has resigned, owing to the press of pri
vate business and he Intends to go before
the court Tuesday and become a natural
ized citizen of the United States.
ALDRICH TO CALL UP
THE FINANCIAL BILL
Arguments in the Quay Case Will Oc
cupy Much of the Time in
the Senate.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 31.— With the re
sumption of Its sittings Wednesday the
Senate will practically begin the roal
work of the session. Senator Aldrlch has
given notice that he will call the financial
measure up on Thursday, and It Is gener
ally believed he will then or on the fol
lowing day make a statement In support
of It.
It is the purpose of the supporters of
the bill to make very few speeches, leav
ing the opposition to do the greater share
of the talking, while Its opponents, on the
other hand, will use every endeavor to
draw the friends of the bill into running
debate.
At present there is but one matter which
threatens to Interfere with the continuity
of the proceedings on the financial bill.
That Is the right of Senator Quay to a
seat in the Senate. Senator Chandler,
chairman of the Committee on Privileges
and Elections, has stated that a report
will be made In the Quay case soon after
the beginning of business. It now seems
probable that there will be more debate
over the Quay contest than over the fin
ancial measure. Up to date not more
than a half-dozen Senators have an
nounced a purpose to make set financial
speeches, while the probabilities are that
the Quay case will call out much animated
discussion.
It will be difficult to hold the discussion
of foreign questions, especially the Phil
ippine subject, in check during the finan
cial discussion. Many Southern Senators
are anxious to bring the Philippine ques
tion to the front, and it may be safely
predicted that there will be more or less
reference to it from the beginning, as
there will be an early effort to get up
the Samoan treaty, and it may furnish a
basis for discussion on the foreign policy
if one is not found before the treaty is
considered.
The week in the House does not give
promise of much business. -:.-.*
PECULIAR ACTIONS OF
THE LIVING WOLFSOHN
X.OS ANGELES, Dec. 31.— Aaron Wolf
sohn, who came here from Chicago yes
terday with the attorney of the New York
Life Insurance Company to prove that
he was not the man who committed sui
cide here several months ago, left for
Chicago to-night. He did not face the
woman, Mrs. O'Neil, who claims to be
able to identify the real Wolfsohn. The
attorney will leave In the morning for
San Diego, he says. , .
The mystery concerning this case is
deepened by the actions of Wolfsohn at
this time.
Attorney O'Brien of the Insurance com
pany and Wolfsohn refused to talk to-day
about the case, and maintained an air of
mystery. They kept to their rooms at the
hotel all day, and refused admittance to
parties who desired to bring Mrs. O'Neil
and Wolfsohn together.
The city detectives are now Investigat
ing the case of the suicide who was burled
as Aaron Wolfsohn.
LAND DISPUTE SETTLED.
Tract Claimed by David Jacks Was
Government Land.
MONTEREY. Dec. 31.— The Secretary. of
the Interior has rendered a decision re
garding a large tract of land near Car
mel, ten miles from Monterey, settling the
long disputed question of its ownership
unless, the United States Supreme Court
reverses the decision. -
The land was claimed by David Jacks, a
large land owner, under the Conness act.
It was settled upon by several other per
sons, who claimed It was Government
land. The Secretary of the Interior has
decided In their favor. The successful
claimants are K. M. Henneken, D. Behird,
Joe Alves, J. C. Plnhelro and Manuel Mat
toa. .
proclaimed amnesty for all persons con
victed of or charped with crimes against
th<? public security and the freedom of
labor, ; as well as. political preps offenses.
This Implies a. pardon -for those punished
for participation in the riots that startled
Italy during the -early,, part .'"of tho year.
OTANI WILL TRAVEL.
"Buddhist: Pope'-: lntends: to Make a
Tpiiir;pf
; TACOMA. Dec. ;31.-Oriental advices
state that Count Otani, known as the
Buddhist Pope of Japan from his position
as Chief Prelate of Hongwan Temple,
will soon visit Europe and America. Dis
ciples of the great sect he represents
have contributed nearly 2(*0,000 yen for ex
penses of himself and suite. Some of his
followers objected to this large sum, but
they have been quieted. Otani will visit
the Paris Exposition.
HENRY H. ARNOLD DEAD.
Stricken With Pneumonia as He Was
Recovering From an Operation.
VENTURA. Dec. 31.— Henry H. Arnold,
PotFmatser of Hueneme, died last night
of pneumonia after ten days' illness. In
his death by disease the irony of fate is
sadly emphasized. Two years ago de
ceased suffered a broken leg, the result
of a runaway accident. Later amputa
tion was found nf-cessary. After the op
eration the limb failed to heal. A second
operation was performed, with a similar
result. As a last resort a few months ago
the entire leg was removed, the patient
recovering epeedily and regaining his old
time strength and vigor, only to be cut
down by disease just when a new lease
of life seemed vouchsafed. He was 63
years of age and a resident of Ventura
County for many years.
DANISH INDIES
FOR UNCLE SAM
Rumor of Their Sale by
Denmark Revived.
Fr*<"iaJ Di?ratch to The Call.
LONDON. Jan. I.— The Copenhagen cor
respondent of the Dally Mail says: The
*al« of the Danish West Indies to the
I'nited States bids fair to be accomplish
ed. The Danish captain, Christmas, who
has influential connections in the United
Ft.itr«. and who has 6ecured the support of
President McKiri'.ey, Admiral Dewey and j
a number of Influential American Sena
tor*, is acting as intermediary between
th* two Governments, direct official com- ,
mur.tcation being impossible for Denmark
after repeated failures In previous at- i
tempts.
For eeveral <3ay» an attache of one of i
the principal United States embassies '
has been hrre, having long interviews !
•with the Danish Minister of Finance, Dr. I
Hoerririg. and this week Captain Christ- j
tncs will go to Washington to assist in i
the publication of the American official j
order. No opposition is expected from
Klre Ohri«tian. The price has been fixed
at M.000,000. !
BURNS WORKING
FRUIT-GROWERS
Treaty Proposition Re
garded as a Blind.'
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAN DIEGO. Dec. 31.— Chairman Sam
uel P. Smith of the Republican County
Committee says there will be no call for
the committee to get together until the
friends of .Mr. Grant, as candidate for
Senator, request It.
"The fact 1?," he said, "that since Mr.
Grant became a candidate for Senator
this committee has taken no action In po
litical matters, save in the furtherance
of his candidacy. Mr. Grant has not
withdrawn from the race and that will
still be the governing principle of the ac
tion of the committee. There has been
no intimation from the growers of citrus
fruits or othrrs that they would have a
special session called. To my mind, that
in ample proof of the assertion that
Burns is behind this agitation of the cit
rus fruit men. His workers knew that
it would be useless to ask us to help the
Burns light and therefore they have now
thought to deceive us by asking us to
take action on the Jamaica treaty propo
sition."
When Senator N'utt was approached on
the extra session subject he declared that
his position could hardly be more plainly
stated by himsHf than if it had been by
Assemblyman Works, who was denning
his own feelings In the matter.
"If Governor (Jage calls a special ses
sion," he said, "I shall attend, but I will
not be one to tie myself to an agreement
to adjourn at the Governor's behest.
Neither will I be one to go Into a caucus
unless it is understood that the result of
its deliberations shall not bind me and if,
as some seem to believe, there are many
on what Is Known as the Miller petition
who have fftjnpd with the intention of
not having their names counted until the
other eighth-lour Republicans are on the
list. It will be a long time before they are
counted. My vote will still be cast for
Mr. Grant until ho has withdrawn from
the race. That, I understand, will not
be until Mr. Burns is also out of the
field."
Assemblyman Crowder is at present In
Spokane, Wash., and his view* could not
be had, but it is understood that they are
of the same color as those or the other
legislators from here.
FEAR GROWTH OF
AMERICAN TRADE
French Economists Grow
Apprehensive.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Dec. 31.— A stiff campaign
apainst the Franco-American commercial
treaty is about to be opened by the Par
liamentary opposition to the Government
and by the agriculturists. Despite the
favorable report of the citizens' commit
tee a hostile current has become manifest
among the Deputies who represent the
agricultural constituencies, as well as
those who sit for certain industrial cen
ters, against several clauses of the
treaty. A majority of the agricultural or
ganizations have protested against grant
ing the United States the minimum tariff
m»U? manufacturers of farming Imple
ment , s> and machine wools are
deeply disturbed over the advantages ac
corded to their American competitors by
1n c tr ?^ t: £ Tnis anxiety is shared by the
oilseed industry.
The outcome of this feeling Is a motion
to be submitted to the Chamber of Depu
ties by members specially interested for
the postponement of ratification until *he
alleged objectionable clauses have been
eliminated or modified. M. Emile Cheval
lier, Deputy for Beauvais. one of the sup
porters of the motion, said in the course of
an interview to-day that by consenting to
a reduction of the duties on vegetable
oils the advocates of the treaty were se
riously' Injuring the whole body of agri
culturists, particularly those in Picardy
and Normandy, where colza is an import
ant product. The Deputy declared that a
reduction of protective duties by 75 pr
cent meant a hard blow to thousands of
1« rench farmers. M. Destournelles, one of
whose hobbies it Is to point out the Amer
can "peril," said:
"More than ever do I see the danger to
Europe in the extensive industrial devel
opment of the United States. More than
ever do I fear the American peril and
the yellow peril. However, I do not con
sider the erection of a protection barrier
to be the best dyke against Inundation
by American products. We would make a
more effective resistance by improving
our national producing and organizing It
on better lines."
POPULAR COUPLE
OF YOLO TO WED
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 1, 1900.
LEO DESIGNATES CARDINAL
GOTTI AS HIS SUCCESSOR
i (utieuraSoap |^^^T-^
Red, Rough Hands, Itching, Burning \ 'Hf(s)J
Palms, and Painful Finger Ends. U==^|
Soak the hands on retiring in a strong:, hot, creamy lather of
CUTICURA SOAP. Dry, and anoint freely with CUTICURA,
the great skin core and purest of emollients. Wear, during: the
nig-ht, old, loose kid gloves, with the finger ends cut off and air
holes cut in the palms. For red, rough, chapped hands, dry, fis-
sured, itching, feverish palms, with shapeless nails and painful
finger ends, this treatment is simply wonderful.
Complcto External and Internal Treatment for Every Humor.
Consisting of CrTictuu Soap (25c.), to cle&Dce the skin of crusts and
/^t.JLZ Artiwft »calM and •often the thickrned cuticle; Clticcra Ointment (50c),
f- fTi ¥ Bf* U R BTSI "•> instantly allay itching, Inflammation, and Irritation, ami pootho nnd
U til It IVUII tfl heal; and Cuticcba Resolvent (60c), io cool and cleanse the blood.
*»•»••« «««r- A tiisoLE Set is often sufficient to cure the most torturing, disflirurlng,
TUP \rT S>\ /h and humiliating skin, scalp, and blood bnmors, with loss of hair, wjirn
I nl> OL 111 1 «Pls£w «a else fails. Poms Dbco akd Cue*. Cost., Sole Props., Boston.
5
HOME. Drc. 2L— King: Humbert to-daiDAYLIGHT BURGLARS.
Two of Them Arrested While at
Work in a Lodging-House.
. David Davis and Thomas Dougherty
wanted to get some money to bring in the
New Year and they went into the Corona
House, 246 Sixth street, to find It. Davis
climbed through the window of the toilet
room into a room occupied by an employe
at the Chutes and carried off a parcel con
taining a number of ladles' belts.
The landlord met him coming down the
stairs with the parcel under his arm and
attempted to hold him. He showed fight
and during the struggle the landlady ran
into the street And shouted for the police.
Policeman T.P. Riordan heard her and
came upon the scen,e as the burglar was
getting the better of the encounter with
the landlord. He tackled Riordan but
Boon discovered his mistake. After Rior
dan had, ylaced the handcuffs on ' his
wrists he made a search for Dougherty
and found him hiding in the toilet room.
They were sent to the City Prison, where
a charge of burglary w*as booked against
them.
To-Morrow! To=Morrow!
ONE DAY ONLY!
AH $LOO Switches, 50 Gents.
Hair Dressing, 25 cts; :; :|I I PIjCDCD ¦
QUINTONICA, the great \. \ Alt jLL/i/LI\L/ila
hair renewer. < '
sendtor pnee ist of 123 Stockton Street,
switches. Opp. City of Paris.
TO BUILD FOB ITSELF.
Eureka Benevolent Association Nego-
tiating for a Site.
The regular annual meeting and election
of officers of the Eureka Benevolent As
sociation,was held yesterday in the- rooms
of the association at 105 Stockton street.
The election resulted in the following
officers bfcing chosen to serve for the en
suing twelve months: President, Charles
Hlrsch; vice president, S. W. Heller;
treasurer, Albert Meyer; secretary, Meyer
Levy; trustees, A. Anspacher, Herman
Levy; S. \V. Rosenstock, Henry Sinshelm
er, Juda Newman and Slg Schwabacher.-
The reports of the different' officers of
the association were read, showing the
work done for the past year and calling
attention to the various needs of the so
ciety. .These reports give 2549 as the
number of cases relieved during the year,
in which number is to be found represent
atives of nearly. every country under the
sun. The causes of : distress were, aa a
general thing, old age. want of employ
ment. slcknesß and insufficient earnings.
There were twenty-three cases that
sought succor because of the desertion of
the husband and father.
The treasurer's report shows the asso
ciation to be in such a flourishing condi
tion that anew building is contemplated
for the exclusive use of the Eureka As
sociation and other Jewish societies.
Wealthy Hebrews of this city have. been
asked for subscriptions- toward the erec
tion of such a building, and they have al
ready promised $13,700. Negotiations are
now in progress for. the purchase of a lot
on O'Farrell street, between Taylor and
Jones, and it will not be long before the
society has a house of its own from which
to dispense its charities.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Th« individual who tolls the truth with
deliberate caution isn't believed half so
often as the fellow who can lie gracefully.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Pain Conquered; Health Re-
stored by Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound.
£lktte* to was. pikkeam sro. 92,643]
*' I feel it my duty to write and thank
you for whet jour Veg-etable Com-
pound has done for me. It is the only
medicine I have found that has done
me any good. Before taking your medi-
cine, I was all run down, tired all the
time, no appetite, pains in my back and
bearing 1 down pains and a great suf-
ferer during menstruation. Aftertak-
in? two bottles of Lydia E. Pinkham'a
Vegetable Compound I felt like a new
Troman. lam now on my fourth bottle
mid all my pains have left me. I feel
better than I have felt for three years
and would recommend your Compound
to every suffering woman. I hope this
lefjer will help others U> find a cure
for their troubles."' — Mrs. Dellx
Eekickeb, Ekxsselxeb, I>d.
The serious, ills of women develop
from neglect of car] y. symptoms. Every
pain itud ache haa a cause, and the
varnlnjf tlier gire &iiould not be disre-
garded. " .' ¦ • :!( ¦ •V- '.
Mrs. Pinkham understands these
troubles better than any local phy-
sician and will give every woman free
advicci who is puzzled about her
health- Mrs. Pinkham's address is
Lynn, Mass. Don't put off writing until
health is broken down
Write at the first indication of trouble.
WHY,
Use a Welsbach Light!
of course.
And always use a Welsbach
Mantle — no other gives one-tenth
the service. Try one — it'll make
the imitations look expensive.
The Genuine Gives Trade
SitisUcilon. In WELSBACH
Sealed Boxßcsring Murit
ALL DEALERS
Eruxire of CtwatrrfeU Man'l's and ekecp
inii'j'ijn bratt pant.
f*r' FAVORITE
FOR WEAK WOMEN.
Il' I H I 111 <*•"«»«> cur** or no
U] M I Kf" y No detention
*II J f § JJj I I MANSFIELD * POR-
l**' l • W I *!¦• TERFIELD. £38 Mar-
ket st.. .San Francisco. ¦
A^^m BAM^M^
?2SM<M& FURWTUKZ
Tunis Dean Received by Elks.
On Friday evening last the San Fran
cisco Lodge of R. P. O. Elks, Xo. 3, ini
tiated Tunis F. Dean for the Indianapolis
Ix>dge of Elks. Mr. Dean is on his first
visit to the coast and is representing "The
Christian," now playing at the Columbia.
WON SUCCESS AND FAME.
California Songstress Returns From
the East With Vaudeville
Laurels.
Miss Dorm M. Cann, a San Francipco
rirl. who made her debut at the Orpheum
throe y«/ar»> ago. has returned from New
York <>v a Ilymg visit. The illness of her
mother, who livt*s in Sacramento, was the
reason for the trip.
Miss i.'arm has won the highest honors
to be attained on the vaudeville stage.
Since her departure from San Krancicso
tihe has sung before Now York and Boston
audit-lifts with marked approval and suc
cess. In Ix>udon she appeared at the St,
Jamps ar.d Quwn's Hall theaters, the
highest class concert hails in the metrop
olis. Miss Cann's voice is a rich, deep
contralto. While Jn Europe she studied
music. >»oth rocal and instrumental.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 1, 1900.
GRIGGS' RULING
LARGELY HELPS
COAST JOBBERS
Making Differentials
Not Illegal.
PRECEDENT IS ESTABLISHED
?
LOCAL BUSINESS MEN/ HIGHLY
GRATIFIED.
Decision Will Have an Important
Bearing on the Suit of the Mid
dle West Before Interstate
Commission..
The Jobbers and manufacturers of the
Pacific Coast have indirectly won a great
point in their controversy with the St.
Louis and other Middle West jobbers by
the decision of Attorney General Griggs
that railways may classify rates without
any violation of the anti-trust law.
Yesterday the jobbers of this city were
found to be very much pleased at the out
come of recent . proceedings at the na
tional capital. The point submitted to the
Attorney General of the United States
has a direct bearing on the question of
differentials. The history of the matter
was learned yesterday from W. K.
Wheeler, who has been a close student of
the entire rate question for years.
Mr. Wheeler taid that the jobbers on
the Pacific Coast had reason to be pleased
as the decision of the Attorney General
had weakened the case that tne Middle
West jobbers have been preparing as a
means ot taking the Paciric Coast terri
tory away from the business men of the
coast, toome time ago notice was given,
that the railroads using the oiricial
classification whicri was in eftect east of
the Mississippi Klver would to-day put
Into eitect a new classification. The eftect
of the change would be to widen the dif
ferentials between the carload and the
less than carload in the territory affected.
Another effect would be to make a pre
cedent in favor of the contention of the
manufacturers and Jobbers of this coast.
The carload rates had not been touched
by the Eastern official classification com
mittee, except in one or two instances,
but the less than carload rates have been
increased by the reclassiflcatlon from 50
to 114 per cent. The differentials were
therefore much greater than those exist
ing in favor of the Pacific Coast jobber, of
which the Middle West jobbers com
plained in the action against the trans
continental railroads now pending.
. The Middle West jobbers had pointed to
the official classification in defense of
their position. The railroads upon whose
action they had largely relied had justi
fied the idea upheld by the jobbers of the
Pacific Coast in reference to the differen
tial, namely, that transportation is like a
commodity, in that larger lots are sold at
less rates than are smaller ones. The
manner in which the matter came before
the Attorney General of the United
States was as follows:
The Ohio people, who were affected,
threatened to bring an injunction to pre
vent putting into effect the new classifica
tion to-day, and asked the Interstate
Commerce Commission to submit the
question to Attorney General Grigga
whether the changes proposed were in the
nature of violation of the anti-trust law.
While there had not been ostensibly a
raise in rates, the changes In the classi
fication, by moving up the less than car
load rates from one to two notches had
really raised the less than carload lots an
average of about 73 per cent. The differ
ential in favor of the Pacific Const of
which the Middle 'West jobbers had com
plained was lrps than 50 per cent. The
decision will have an important bearing
when the hparing before the Interstate
Commerce Commissioners brought on by
the St. Louis-. jobbers is resumed in this
city. Attorney General Griggs advised
that "if there be- a remedy for the com
plaining shippers' it lies In an appeal to
your (interstate) commission under the
interstate commerce law."
Charged With Robbery.
Larry Powers, a laborer, and John
Flinn, a sailor, were arrested at an early
hour yesterday morning by Policemen
McSorley, Morrissey and Beach and were
booked at the City Prison on a charge, of
robbery. They are accused of stealing *12
from Martin M. Gleason of the-New Con
tinental Hotel. 547 Mission street, in front
of the Fargo House. 107 New Montgomery
street. They were all drunk at the time.
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIioiNirTHEATER 1-bir
OVER 55000 VOICES
tctt T TO-DAY PROCLAIM WITH ONE AC-
WIL CORD?HE TERRIFIC SUCCCESS OF
"WITH FLYING COLORS."
First time In America of the Great Enrllsh
Adel"hl sScopm. Presented -after Four Weeks
of careful preparation by the
The Biggest Production Ever Made In San
Fraiielwo. • Sixty-two Actual Speaklne Char-
acters In the Play prison SCENE.
SEE TOE GREAT BATTLESHIP
SCENE?- THE GREAT TELEPHONE SCENE.
THE OR^AT RAI^AT HOTEL You £
REME t E TUK^SN- EARS
REMEaiBER, "WITH FLYING COLORS"
will run for Eight Nights and
Saturday Matinee. :,'-'.
NEXT ATTRACTION. MONDAY, Jan. ?.
Em/V\A NEVADA.
Commencing TUESDAY NIGHT. Jan. • .9,
first time In San Francisco, the Comedy of
and the butterfly."
By A. W. Plnero. Author of ".Sweet Laven-
ender " "The Second Mrs. Tanqueray,"
"The Mazlßtrate," etc.
In Preparation— "THE HEART OP MART-
LAND." - . ¦
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE:
TELEPHONE MAIN 632.
matineeTto-day
At 2 o'clock sharp.
EVERY EVENING AT 8 O'CLOCK SHARP.
The Greatest Extravaganza Production Ever
Witnessed Here.
SIINB/\D......
HFAUTIFUL BALLETS, BEAUTIFUL
11ARCHES. BEAUTIFUL SCENERY.
BEAUTIFUL COSTUMES. BEAUTIFUL
GIRLS BEAUTIFUL MUSIC. CLEVER
ARTISTS, FUNNY COMEDIANS. FRANK
KINGS BEAUTIFUL TRANSFORMA-
TION.''.^' \ -¦:¦
PRICES •• -25f. 50c. 75c
GALLERIES 10c and 15c
MATINEE PRICES ;... .25c and 60c
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
ALCAZAR_THEATER.
New Year Matinee To-Day.
To-night Begins the Second Week of the Only
.Funmaker In Town..
CHIMMIE
FADDEN.
Standing Room at All Performances.
SECURE SEATS EARLY IN ADVANCE.
MATINEE PRICES 15c. 250, 35c
NIGHT PRICES 50c. 25c, 25c. 15c
WEEKLY. CALL
$1 per Year.
BACK FROM WASHINGTON.
Surveyor and Mrs. Spear Return
From an Extended Tour.
After an absence from the city which
has lasted since the latter part of last
October, Surveyor of Customs and Mis.
Joseph 8. Spear Jr. have returned to the
city, and are once more domiciled at the
Palace Hotel. During their absence Mr.
and Mrs. Spear have visited the entire
East, though most of their time has been
ppent in Washington, D. C. While at the
capital they visited President McKinley a
number of "timrp, but. owing to the illness
©f Mrs. McKinley,. were not able to enjoy
as much of the, hospltalltv of the White
House as would otherwise have been
theirs. On Mr. Spears' last call the Pres
ident informed him that Mrs. MeKinley's
condition had so improved that her com
plete recovery was only a matter of a
short time.
Mr. Spear pays the whole Kast is in fa
vor of prosecuting the war in the Philip
pines until the last vestige of conflict has
vanished and a suitable government es
tablished, which the natives must be
taught to respect. As to the Boer trouble,
the sympathizers are about evenly di
vided. ¦ I^ >: ;'-:S :::•-.
Among the courtesies extended to Mr.
and Mrs. Spear while' in Washington was
a dinner given thorn by John D. Spreckels.
They also had the- pleasure of: several
times meeting Admiral Dewey, and. Mrs.
Spear is the proud possessor of a photo
graph which the naval horo presented to
her, with his autograph written across its
?ace. When she received it Mrs. Spear
told ' the admiral that she was going to
frame it. togeihrr with the one she pos
sessed of Ix>rd Charles Beresford. ;.~ ' v
DOING HONOR TO
THE MEMORY OF
DWIGHT MOODY
Memorial Services for
the Evangelist.
ASSOCIATION HALL CROWDED
LOVING TRIBUTES TO THE
DEAD PREACHER.
His Sterling Worth and Prodigious
Work in the Cause of Christian
ity Attested by Several
Eulogies.
Impressive memorial services to com
memorate the death of Dwight L»." Moody
were held yesterday afternoon under the
auspices of the Young Men's Christian
Association in the Auditorium on Mason
street. A laree audience was present to
testify its reverence for the dead evangel
ist and his prodigious work in the cause
of Christianity was attested by eulogies
pronounced by prominent divines, some of
whom were personally acquainted with
him in life.
Henry J. McCoy, secretary of the asso
ciation, presided at the services. The
opening hymn, "Coronation," which was
sung by the congregation, was followed
by the "Rock of Ages," sung by the
Knickerbocker Quartet, after which
prayer was said by Rev. H. H. Bell, D. D.
The quartet sang the response, "The
Lord's Prayer," and Mr. McCoy then gave
a lew personal reminiscences of the de
ceased. The speaker spoke of the asso
ciation's debt of $84,000, which some ye;£rs
ago had been lifted entirely through the
efforts of ,ur. Moody.
Rev. K. K. Dille, I). D., then delivered
a beautiful eulogy of the evangelist.
"God raises special men for special pur
poses." saJd he, "and he raised Moody
at a critical Juncture after the Civil War
to counteract the resulting demoraliza
tion by a revival of religion. Moody's
power to convert lost souls was marvel
ous, and his judgment and sympathy were
wonderfully well balanced. He was
strong in hard common sense, and in sim
plicity sublime. He was a safe counsel
or and leader, and in his great cam
paigns on two continents he mustered his
forces with all the genius of a Grant. The
monuments of his life's work are the
great school at Northfield, where 3,000 stu
dents have been educated; the Chicago
Avenue Church,- with a membership of
2,000, and the Bible Institute in Chicago.
He took his stand on the impregnable
rock of the Holy Bible, and burned out
his great life upon the altar of God."
The quartet sang "Crossing the Bar,"
and A. B. Forbes, chairman of the Board
of Trustees of the San Francisco Young
Men's Christian Association, referred to
Moody's sterling work and characterized
him as a general who never lost a light.
A tenor solo, "He Knows, My Jesus
Knows," was sung by Charles M. Elliott
v.nd Rev. George C Adams paid the final
tribute to Mr. Moody, whom, he said,
was a peculiar product of Christian civil
ization.
"Moody was what he was'," said Dr.
Adame. "because the Bible got hold of
him and he used it magnificently in tlie
good mission of saving lost souls. The
proper study of the good book brought
out the best and richest in him. and
though not an ordained minister, he was
specially called by God to do a mighty
work in this generation. He has shown
that the Bible has not lost its power, and
never will, so long as God will raise up
Moodys to interpret its wonderful
The quartet sang "Good Night, I Am
Going Home." and the "Sweet Bye and
Bye was sung by the congregation. Ben
ediction concluded the services.
?
Services in Oakland.
OAKLAND, Dec. 31.— Moody memorial
services were held at some of the local
churches to-day. At the Union-street
Presbyterian Church Rev. Dwight E.
Potter gave a sketch of the late evange
list's life. Some of the late Mr. Moody's
favorite songs were sung at the service.
Rev. Charles R. Brown, pastor of the
First Congregational Church delivered a
sermon this morning on "The Life Work
of Dwight L.. Moody." and Rev. Dr. Coyle
at the First Presbyterian Church like
wise spoke on "Dwight L.. Moody."
At the Fourth Congregational Church
Rev. Alfred Bayley spoke on "Lessons
From the 1-lfe of the Great Evangelist,
Dwight L. Moody." To-night watchers'
meetings were held at most of the
churches.
HIGHBINDERS
WHO WILL HAVE
CHEONG'S BLOOD
Spirited Away on an
Old Warrant.
HE IS DOOMED TO DIE
ATTORNEY JAMES MAKES A
STARTL327G STATEMENT.
A Chinese Merchant Arrested Here
and Taken to San Jose as Part
of a Scheme to Kill
Him.
Blf what Attorney James of San Jos«
iy« bo true. Ah Chcong. a Obinepe mer
chant, is the victim of a deep conspira
cy, with tha murder cf C'heong for its
cbject.
L&.&1 Saturday Cheons was arrested in
this city en a warrant issued by a Jus
tice of the Peace of Santa Clara, charg
ing him with an assault with a deadly
veapoa. He was taken to the City Prison
and locJced up in default of the necessary
bonds. In some w«y several of his friends
learned of h:» arrtst. and they lost no
time in consulting Attorney James. They
declared that his arrest was part of a
dee;>-iiijd plot to pet hoid of him and
then put him out of t!ie way. The attor
ney, after satisfying himself that the
::.•:. Wf-r<_- trllir.g: the truth, wont to a Su
perior Judge of Sar.ta Clara County arid
obtained &11 order lor the release of the
prisoner. Alter securing the document
Janus tcok the first train for this city,
arriving here yesterday aXurnoon. He at
once repaired to the City Prison, and. to
his great surprise, found that Cheone
only a j^hort time before had been turned
over to a Constable of Santa Clara.
"It le ai! off with Cheong." remarked
James to Sergeant Wripht. "I doubt If
lie wjII ever roach San Jose."
Wh'n a^=ked what he meant the attorney
eaid he had positive proof that the ene
mies of Cneong had entered into a con
spiracy to assassinate him.
I'naJjle to induce him to visit Santa
Clara, they caused to be issued a warrant
charging him with an assault with a
deadly we.ij>on. The warrant was eworn
to last October and placed In the hands
of an officer to be servod. A few days
later it disappeared; and was supposed to
have been lost. No effort vram made to
recover it until ia^t Saturday, when the
conspirators learned that Cheong was in
this city, and then they promptly resur
rected it. The warrant was bent here.
and given to Policeman Hutching!, who
found Cheong on Washington street and
placed him under arre.-=t.
C'heong formerly lived in Santa Clara.
l>ut on learning that his enemies werecon
spiring to kill him he came to this city.
Attorney Janus returned to San Jose last
evening, determined to prevent the con
spirators from carrying out their dia
bolical scheme, and incidentally to bring
them to justice.
1 OUR JANUARY CLEARANCE SALE
SE BEGINS TO-MORROW, TUESDAY, JANUARY 2.
g- We have planned to make this SALE a memorable one. Not only because of the extraordinarily low prices.
•^ but because of the reliability of the merchandise offered. Each department in our Establishment will be repre-
£: sented by Bargains unequaled before. Come and view them and note the marvelous saving advantages.
E Plaids^ftj^rttsfc Black Serge ££••£££ Flannelettes ~ifa-£Z
g- Weaves, beautiful, bright colors and fIrAKC Cheviot Serge, stripes and checks, light and rn?-
g= combinations; excellent for chil- 1/l ca;3 Oivil IC3 perca ij ne \ me d, dium colorings, good heavy quality
jg— dren's dresses; sale price OE?/» velvet binding, regular price, $7.00. for gowns and skirts; regular c^.
g^. yard Sale price co qc value 10c. Sale price yard
5~ • • each w«J«cjJ
£ All-Wool w - a&gj La^les'''"'"'^ «- Pillow «c — ST^ ;
I CaSHmere SS e and SO nr h for Kid GIOVCS SS?S CflSeS \
g= wa.sts and tea gowns, in shades of c , fasteners> in the foliowine col- 15c each. Sale price each »*• ;
navy, cadet blue gray tan brown ors . B rown,tan, mode, ox blood and : r i
g and reseda; excellent value at 33 whit „ ' th $i.« oq- SliPPt<« ldb dozen Ready-Made :
XZ 65c; sale price.... yard JJ^ qualit^ Sale price pair O*IC OlieeU> Hemmed Sheets, torn •
All-Wnn! 260 pcs. 44-inch All- Ribbon No - 5 ?"-*lk nc y Taf - by h , and ' d P* laundered; size 8lxQo; j
All-YYOOI Wo( J cheviots an mUUU " feta Ribbon; the latest regular price 5734 c Salej_-fi c .
i cheviots v^mm Dept - r , ; ,«¦ « h ;
............ Ribbon, extra heavy, worth TOWelina In stri P es and checks, :
fc: SSIk and Wnnl Broken line * 45c yard. Sale price yard ' , worth 8c yard c r :
£ OIIK af | Q nOOI of Silk and 3 No. 50, All-Silk Novefty Ribbon. Sale price yard OC :
jg- i\nVPltlP<s Wool Nov- jn the latest color combinations, in :
gj- "w*ciuca clty Dress str j pes and p ers i an effects: worth RoH 5 cases extra large -
Goods, in dark and medium color- 30c a yard. Sale price IT/* s * zc te Honey- •
S£= ings; regular selling price from $1.25 yard I'C SofCflds com b e<^ Spreads; ;
ri to $2.00. Sale price ; ! HoSIPrv and' Children's fast . S°°d V*titJ- Qi: c :
S£= yard J v L lIU^ICI y allU black heavy Sale P ncc each ;
B $1.50 50 pieces Underwear ?? o ho r ol d u ?° o sc v Blankets 2 * cas « hher * c slze \
RI^L rV,*^«o B1 ? ck £ Ie " ribbed, full finished, double knees. „„ " California All-Wool -
y= OIdLK l^repOflS hair Cre- j lce i s anc j toes; s ; zes 6to i 0; re gular White Blankets, made of extra qual- :
fc fnr QBr X/arti p ons > »" value, 20c. Sale price ¦.*_ »jy wool, silk bound, in pretty bor- I
gr lUI JOt yai U i arg re and pair '^C ders; regular value $5.50. C"5 fiC: :
fe= medium designs, with rich blister " La'dieV' Herrnsdorf dye fast black Sale P rice P air *4><*>»V3 :
Z~ mohair effects; they are well worth Cotton Hose, the regular 3 for "
$1.50 a yard. Sale price.... QO r $1.00 quality. Sale price. pair fnmfortPrS 2° casM lar * c :
£ -yard yOC Lad / es , irnporte / Cashmere Hose. miOr «-Cr^ sizfi B?d Com . .
E= Silk <*prna in the leading col- fast black, a very soft and extra fine forters, silkohne covered, in pretty I
OIIK OCrye ors th qual . qua iit y; regular value, 50c. q->_ designs, filled with extra quality -
S: I In'tnn ity- saie otr Sal « P rice pair ->^^ white cotton; nicely tutted; regular :
ZZ Llllllig { c ' c d 33C Children's gray merino Vests and P"ce $2.00. Sale price... Kfl -
~~ m., 1 • Pants: covered seams: a splendid «eh :
fc Near Silk I, I , nche ? wlde ' , in garment; all sizes. Sale price <)O r T , , . .•' :
ST "*-" 1 Ilf% black only; regular 6 each Trjhlp Io ° P ieces 70-inch '
I Lining jft .-,- 9c Ladies' Wool jg -- D^sk T#ffi» \
fc I aHIPQ 9 Io ° dozen Ladies' Flan- DJkkAH Voctc a 'so Pants: . c ,s, sl Bn?'8 n ?' regular .
£ Ladies ndette Gowns . Mother KlOOea VeSIS regu value 75c Sale price.... yard **O«- :
Jp: finvvnti Hubbard style; double lar value $i. Sale price... each «3C . :
fc UUWII!) yoke front and back: • •• % A-^:*^ Gray only Linen s«> dozen Napkins. # .
large turn-down collar; fully 58 LadlCS Oneita %*oo d ' Z . . f'"' warran , tcd P ur<r =
£ inches long; extra width: made of ... o•- wefring NapklHS ne " : J^l, P "" =
good flannelette. Sale price 77 UrtlOn 3U11.S Karment: **-7> Sale $135 .
ZZ caen sale price A.Rf -
rhilHrPn'Q 50 doz. Children's each T"OU IVrannPrQ Ladies' Wrappers. =
fc V/»» UI Cll » Flannelette Gowns. CJII, 200 Ladies' Silk Waists: "ia|J|JCI» made oi . cood =
2Z fifiwnc Mother Hubbard broken lines: made of quality flannelette, in stripes and I
J^ v7L»YY II3 style, double yoke Wfljctc pretty fancy silks, lined figures; pretty colorings, made with ~
fc= back and front, turn-down collar. TTai^ tCs throughout; good value a 13-inch Spanish flounce, nicely :
•*_ heavy flannelette; ages from 6 A*}* at $6 and $5. Sale price. tf»<^ qc braided, extra width and tf»| as Z
to 12. Sale price each t"^^ each vP-£»-*CJ length. Sale price.... each **H»tO z
£ /\IN EXCEPTIONAL CLEAN-UP lIN SILKS. =
S^ A\> have nrlrcted from oar largr and eitrmlTc atoclc IR.OOO y« r«H \ovrltr Silica, 'which will he Z
¦"""* cloned oat reffardlenn of cost. The name have been conveniently nrnnerd on oar raantrr* and dl- ~
£n vlded into three lotn, which *re nliall offer at the following unprecedented low prlcent -
LOT I— 2000, yds. Corded. Checked, Figured and Plaid Taffetas, regular $1 and 75c; your choice at. yard 30c Z
S^ LOT II — 7000 yds. Two-Toned Corded Taffeta, Brocades, Checked and Figured Taffeta, regular price $1.25 :
fc: and $1.00. Sale price yard 67c r
SH LOT III — 600o a yds. Fancy Satin Duchesse, Persian Effects. Plaids and Figured Taffeta, regular price $i.;o Z
and $2.00. Sale price yard 89c -
S^ In connection with the above marvelona offerlngra, we "hall place on Male the fellowlnc extraor- -
g*" dintiry SHU Valneni -
S= 1000 yards All-Silk Faille Francais, a heavy, dependable, wearing Silk, in colors of tan, brown, navy, cardinal. =
gfcz garnet, green, lilac and gray; regular value $1.00; sale price yard 72c z
g"~ 3000 yds. All-Silk Foulards, in new blue and violet grounds, in choicest patterns; regular 75c. Sale Drice.yd 50c "
«g~ JSOO yds. 27-inch Black Taffeta Silk, a splendid, heavy quality, very lustrous; regular $1.10. Sale price. yard 85c z
g-; 2000 yds. 20-inch Black Peau de Soie, a quality most reliable for wear; regular value $1.25. Sale price.. yd 95c z
I*2 . COUNTKY ORDERS RECEIVE fROMrT ATTENTION. -
A good character is more easily lost
than gained.
BELATED SHIPS
ARE ARRIVING
IN GOOD ORDER
Six of the Overdues
Have Made Port.
FAST RUN OF A FRENCH BARK
MARGUERITE MOLINOS OTJT
SAH^ NINE OTHERS.
?
Dead Whale Taken for a Derelict — A
Big Fleet of Deep-Water Ships
Reported Outside — Trouble
on the Gaelic.
The overdue fleet kept the pilots busy
yetterday. Early in the day about a
dozen deep water vessels showed up on
the horizon, and half that number made
port before sundown. The remainder
Jlnding the weather unfavorable stood off
shore and will probably set in to-day. In
order to be ready for them the pilot boats
were kept outside and the tug Fearless
took out half & dozen pilots to iill the va
cancies caused by the incoming fleet.
Five of the arrivals are coal laden and
their advent will tend to relieve the strin
gency In the fuel market. The sixth ves
sel is nearly us welcome, as she is loaded
with nitrate. The powder company has
been anxiously looking for her during the
past week.
The banner run of the season has been
mud« by the French barK Marguerite
«*ounos. Both she and tlie Britlsn bark
Invermay arrived from Swansea yester
day, but the Britisher was IoJ uayi mail
ing the run while the Frenchman made it
m 113, the best passage ot the year. The
other vessels that tne iiolinos nau beaten
irom bw&nsea are the Invcrlyon, now out
120; Inverlochy, i^?: t'aas of jvllllecrankle,
J-»6; citssarti J4S; Normanaie. vi. ..m,
Cialline, K7, and General Neumayer, ISO
days. The owners of the Cass-aru, Xor
mandie ajid .Ncumayor have reinsured
their risks on tne vessels, la per cent be
ing piUd on ».ie Neumayer.
'J.he British ship Godiva, on which 7 per
cent was paid, also arrived. She left Kii£
land wlti. tne itajore and had an experi
ence similar to that vessel. She was off
port a couple of uays ago, but owtuj to
a change or wind ha<! to stana oft shore.
On tne British ship Australian 2i) per
cent reinsurance was paid and the gamb
lers were pleased when she came sailing
into port. The vessel was *l<j4 days out
from Cardiff and it was feared that her
cargo ol coal nad taken iire. The .Lvder
liorn was one of the arrivals on which no
reinsurance was paid. <sh<» was HO days
making the run irom Hamburg and has
beaten the Reliance, now out 175. and the
Canrobert, 803 days. The latter vessel got
Into trouble off tne Horn, and had to put
Into Valparaiso for water.
The lit-rman ship Schwarzenbek and
German bark Birma were the other ar
rivals. The Schwarzenbek made the run
from Newcastle. Australia, in 74 days,
and the Birma came from Iquique In 08
days. Both vessels had uneventful pas
sages.
The schooner Lena Sweasy arrived from
Manzanillo yesterday with a cargo of
cedar logs, and Captain Johnson reports
that there is a tleet of at h-ast twenty
deep wan r ships off ?hore. In that event
the list of arrivals should be very large
to-day. When fifty miles west southwest
of Point Keycs the lookout on the schoon
er reported a derelict on the starboard
bow. It was petting dusk at the time and
ail hands made sure it was the remains of
a schooner bottom up. Captain Johnson
altered his course ana stood down toward
the de-relict, but before h* got within a
quarter of a mile of It the odor and the
Hock of sea fowl that arose from it told
him it WiL» a dead whale. This is prob
ably the same derelict that has been
sighted by passing vessels several times
during the past week. The whale has
probably been killed by the hunters who
make their headquarters at Monterey and
getting away from them in heavy weather
ha^ been drifting around ever since.
The stevedores working on the Gaelic
got a touch of quarantine yesterday that
they did not like. The vessel had been
thoroughly fumigated at the quarantine
elation In order to kill the rats. When
she ¦was berthed at th*» mall dock there
were no windfalls to carry off the fumes
of the drugs us'?d In fumigating. In con
eequence when the longshoremen got Into
the 'tween decks they were nearly suf
focated, and after regaining the wharf
half of them could not be persuaded to go
back aboard the vessel again. The steve
dores thought it was a good Joke, but
the longshoremen could not see It in that
lipht and refused to work.
ITnited States Quarantine Officer Kln
youn is determined that no bubonic plague
ehall come into San Francisco from Hono
lulu. He Is on watch night and day, and
any packet that comes from the islands
will be rigidly Inspected before she Is al
lowed to dock. In the case of vessels ar
riving from Honolulu direct, the Captain
•will have to show an extra clean bill of
health or his vessel will be quarantined.
The transport Tartar has been re
chartered by the Government and will
take a load of emergency stores to Man
ila,
The Alaska Commercial Company's
steamer Uertha arrived from Unga
Island yesterday. She brought down a
large quantity of concentrates from the
Apollo mine.
p| ted soluble cocoa —^superior pi
|| the Dutch and other Euro- i|
1 D. GHIRARDELLI CO. j|
AMUSEMENTS.
SPECIAL MATINEE TO-DAY, NEW YEAR'S
. DAY.
A NEW TEAR'S VAUDEVILLE FEAST.
EVERY ACT A HIT.
BILLY RICE and H. W. FRILLMAN: THE
ROSINOS: DOROTHY DREW; DOUGLAS
AND FORD;
FOUGERE
THORNE AND CARLETON; *LA SYLPHE;
THE AVERTS; AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
Reserved seats, 23c; balcony. 10c; opera chairs
and box seats, 50c.
Matinees To-day, Wednesday, Saturday and
Sunday.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
A HAPPY NEW~mR TO ALL!
Two Performances To-Day.
MATINEE AT 2. EVENING AT 8.
The' Gorgeous Holiday Extravaganza,
LITTLE 80-PEEP
OVER TWENTY-THREE THOUSAND PEO-
PLE HAVE ALREADY SKEN THIS
GREAT SHOW! I
Seats Now Selling One Week Ahead! !
POPULAR PRICES .......25 and SO CENTS
TELEPHONE BUSH 9.
THE PEOPLE'S POPULAR PLAYHOUSE.
Eddy »nd Jones B ts. PDONB. 30UTH 770.
r . * A VERY JOYOUS EVENT.
MATINEE TO-DAY!
• TO-NIGHT.
PROFESSIONAL MATINEE THURSDAY
THE ORIGINALS.
MURRAY AND MACK,
In Their Hilarious Farce.
FINNIGAN'S BALL!
7'" • POPULAR PRICES.
•- , Evening— lsc. 25c, 35c. 50c and 73c
¦ : ' Matinee— lsc. 25c. 35c and oOc
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT— THE REVTSV
SANTLEY NOVELTY COMPANY.
CHUTES JVND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENINO.
7VV/\JOR MITE,
The Smallest Actor on Earth. •
ADGIE ANDHER LIONS,
In Her SPECTACULAR MIRROR DANCE.
ELLA BURT, Coasting the Chutes.
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
PRESENTS FROM THE
NEW YEAR'S TREE
for the CHILDREN
TO-PAY.
Phone for Seats— Park 2a.
AMUSEMENTS.
TESTING THE CAPACITY OP THB THBjU
TER EVERT PERFORMANCE
LAST TIA/O WEEKS
— Besins with—
SPECIAL MATINEE TO-DAY.
Lleblpr and Company Present
HALL CAINE*S Powerful Play. THB
CHRISTIAN.
THE GREATEST PI*AY OP THB DAT.
RATES REDUCED !
THB GREAT HISTORIC PANORAMA.
BATTLE OF
MANILA BAY,
MARKET ST.. NKAR EIGHTH.
Will soon be takpn to the Parts Exhibition. X?B»
til that time the admission ts reduced to
25 CENTS. CHILDREN 10c.
See the entry of the American ships durtn*
the night, the dentruction of the Spanish fleet
and the charge of the First California Volun-
teers.
Open from 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.
- INTERSTATE PANORAMA CO.
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TANFORAN PARK.
THIRD MEETING, Jan. 1-M. 1900. InclustTe.
Six high-class running races every week-day,
rain oi» shine. beglnnir.K at 1:30 p. m.
The Ideal winter racetrack of America. Pa-
trons step directly from the railroad cars lnu
a superb grand stand, glass-enclosed. wher«»
comfortably housed In bad weather they can
enjoy an unobstructed view of the races.
Trains leave Third and Townsend street* at
9:00. 10:W and 11:30 a. m.. and 12:13. 12:33, 1250
and 1:23 p. m..' returning Immediately after
last race at 4:43 p. m. Rear cars reserved
for women and their escorts. No sxnoklnir
Valencia street 10 minutes later. , • '
San Jose and way utattons. Arrive at San
I Bruno at 12:45 p. m. Leave San Bruno at 400
and 4:43 v. m. .
Rate*: San Francisco to Tanforan and re-
turn. Including admission to track, Jl :5
„ TI „„-.„„ V- J - MARTIN. President
¦ F. H. GREEN. Secretary and Manager.
CONCERTS AND BESORTSw.
TWO FAREWELL RECITALS.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO."S H\M,,
THURSDAY and SATURDAY AFTERNOONS.
JANUARY 4th and «th. at J:IJ.
VLADIMIR DE
f>/\ c h m f\ im rv,
The World's Greatest Chopin Interpreter
Cla 6*6 * & Co°?; " al>d J1 Wm ° n "^ at Sn *™*a.
COMPLETE CHOPIN PROGRAMMES
¦ STEIN'WAY PIANO USED.
COKE! COKE 7
' P. A. MCDONALD,
wholesale Dealer ana Shipper of Ccfcs*.
OFFICE IU FOLSOM ST • •
6BAY" AND BIVER j STEAMERa.
FOB U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer *'Montlcello."
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9-4}
a. m.. 1:15. S:SO p m. lex.-TTfura. night). Fri-
«•*»•• IP- m. itnd %:3X>: Sundays. 10:3rta m i
p. m.' Landing and office. Mixston-streat Dock
Pier No. t. Telephone Mainl^a^
FAKE , j^
Bobbed of His Bank.
Carl Otto, a lad residing at.J32B Sarichcz
street, wan set «p:oti -by. a .gang- of " Mis
siori toughfs at Valencia and Army streets
ye.Bterd.ay. They took .the little fellow's
toy. bank, and. af tor extracting- its con
tents, amounting to $4, they .threw.lt over
a fence. Officer E. J.' WlntPrs. was riotl
tted and arrested Frank. Cunningham and
Al Smith. In the struggle . for liberty
Smith made good his escape; while; Cun
ningham was taken- to tho Seventeenth
street station and. charged wl th- robbery. '
AMERICAN LINE.
JTCW TOKI. SOUTHAMPTON. L05DO:l. PASII
Stopping at Cherhourr. westbflurid.
— ->m New Tork Eyer-r Wednesday. 10 «. m.
New Tork... Jan. 3'New York Jan. !»
St Louis...'.' Jan. 10 St.' lxuls Jan. tl
St Pau1..... Jan. >7 St. Paul : Feb. 7
RED. STAR LINE.
New York onJ Antwerp
From New. Tork, Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Westernland ...Dec.rT Arajronlai :...Jan. 17
Kensington' Jan. 3 Frles'.and Jan. :«
Noordland Jan. JO Southwark Jan. II
EMPIRE LINE.-
Seattle. St. Michael. .Dawson CUy.
For full Information rejrnrdins freight and
. • r-as*ase apdy . tt>. • •
INTERNATIONAX. NAVIGATION COMP.WT.
30 Montgomery ; it, or any of Us agencies.
TOYO IISEpAISHA.
STEAMERS WIIX LEAVE WHARF. COH
- l.«»r of- First and Rrann^n- streets, 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONOKONC. calllr.s at
Kobe (Hioso). Naen.-<akl and. Shanghai, and
connecting at Honckonic with ¦ steamers for
India, etc. .No cargo received/on board on day
of sailinc '- ••¦¦.•¦'"•.•-
H(VNOKOXO MATIt: Tuesday. Jan. 1«
NIPPON MARt ?..:...Friday.. Friday. Feb. J
AMERICA MARtT Wednesday, M:ir. 7
Via Honolulu.- .' • _
Round-trip ¦ tickets '. at r»durert . rates. Far
freUht an.l paasaje apply at company's office.
4M Market street, corner First. • ; •
. W. H. AVERT, .general AgT.t.
f*?n?£i£|S? The S 3. • Austra!!*
• E^ys«lt% sails -. for Honolulu
y"• Wednesday.' Jan. 10.
¦f 1?W. at 2 p.m.
*<TOSmcmn.) 8. S. Moana sa!!« vl-»
GMCdUoniP 4 ' Honolulu an^l Airc'^and
/»VrinsniL for Sy.lnev Wednexd^y.
- tpttlr}Ol<?r Jan. ?4. at S p. m.
Farorlt« Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa New Zealand. Australia. India. Sues.
England, etc. : $"!10 first chios.
(. 0. SrncC.^tLS & d.;ua. CO.. «;t*.. -14 Mantqomer)
Pier 7. Foot Ptcific St. Freioht Offlcc.32l w^rVet SL
CQMFACW3 OEHI?. K LI TBASSATLASTIQ73.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVT jue^.
Salllnjc every Thursday Instcafl of <3jlSj£
Saturday, from November 2. 1899. at -^st-t»
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton st. LA NQRMANDIE. Jan. 4; LA
CHAMPAGNE. Jon. 11: LA AQCITAINE. Jan.
IS: LA OASCOGNE. Jan. 2i. First class to
Harre. $60 and upward; r, per cent reduction on
round trip. Seccru) class to Havre, -"-..". ; .*, p*. r
cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AOEXOT FOR TrNTTF.n STATES AND CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). N>w
TorV. J F FUGAZI A CO . Paeiflc Coast
Acents. ft Mcntr^merr nvo S»n Frnncisro.
THE 0; R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS Tt>
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE S l2 First Clan* loeludlnit Bert*
I Ant $S Second Cloh* and MeaU.
State of California .¦. ; ;.. Sails Jan. 1
Columbto Sails Dec. 29. Jan. i
Short Line to Walla Walla. Sockano. liutte.
Helena and to all points tn the Northwest.
Ti.ri.. gh tickets to all points East.
K. C. WARD. General Agent.
-. • .' . . . «30 Tfarket st
COODALL. PERKIKS A CO..
. • • Ruferlntendents.
AN EXAMPLE FOR OAKLAND.
;B.: Fay: Mills Wants Thkt City/tq Im
" " - ' ltJate::San : /Francisco.-// ; v//.-; • />
-.- QA:KTJANr)>pec; ; 3i.^-Re ; v;Be.hjamln; Fay:
Mills, told yhls ' audlenfce, at the First' Unlr
tarian; : Chtif ch .this: riiorrilrigythat Calyln
would: hot join the! Presbyterian Church
of. the present .day; that Jesus would, not
be at: home in the Christian Church r:that
p-risons slio.ii Id. be •¦ hospi tal s and ¦ that. Qak
laml should. Vote i bonus i like San Francisco.
His tdptc was " The Ty ra nny of t he Dead."
: Commenting ;;on. San Francisco's bond:
election Mr.. Mills said : "I . think for . a
'.Cdrrirn unity, State: jri'p nation; to iss.ue/.bo.rids
irtrid; place a. burden on. those' who- come
after 'them is an unfortiinate. .crime, : /but
for a city :to/do as San. Frariclsc.o did last
wecfe; to: ; issue bonds to- '.erect - school
hbusrs,, sewers, etc;, burdening, ourselves
p.6. -that. ;piiT'- descendants .miy ¦ ha;ye the
feeheflts i .of these •lmpr^ivcm^Tits.. Isjmag
hlticf n\ : :. It:.. is/ one- of . tile grandest" steps
ever/taken; San Francisco; .was formerly
at the foot, But now with her::new charter
arid View -schools, she : Is- in the. lead, and It
would ; be : well .. for ¦ Oakland to follow .her
exarapte.' 1 .': ; / : j' ;-. v ; \ •.-¦¦-•,-• .:-..:;;•¦-=¦' '-:•>-
Oakland Church Services.
OAKLAND, Dec. 31— Rev. Benjamin
Fay Mills, acting pastor the First Uni
tarian Church, to-day preached a sermon
on "The Tyranny of the Dead." Inci
dentally the announcement was made that
during January Mr. Mills will deliver a
course of special addresses on Sunday
mornings on "Modern Knowledge and the
'.M le^ by special request. The subjects
will be discussed in the following order:
3anu ,?W.Js ¦'viyj iat I« the Bible?' Janu
«r« r . yy ¦ 1 , i J.i' T T he Old Ttestament and the New
Vi, orld ; ; January 2}. "Modern Life and
•tjie j New Testament" ; January 2S. "Gain
?, n w, s^ Jn Modern Thought About the,
Bible/:;... -..-,¦¦ .:,-.-'-:..-.', :->,.; ¦• • :-.-•:¦.¦
- ? fu • Sf' E \ R - DHle spoke this morning
at the fclrst M. E. : . Church on ."The Mes
sage of the Flying Years.'* ; ; - - .
• "Thoughts for the New Year" was the
topic chosen by Rev, 11. M. Alexander for
his sermon^ this: evening at the Chester
stieet:.M..E.'. Church..; ¦ '¦.'.¦ -.." .-¦• ...
..Rev. B:; K. Paddock preached at both
services, to-day^ in the .Twenty-fourth
avenue M. r E, Church. At the opening of
this morning s service, however. Rev. Mr.
HUL spoke -a, few words of farewell greet
ing to his: people ;before leaving for his
vacation. :, ,• . •• ...•-¦ • . . ¦••. •
V *>; Vi, ir v, Hob arfs fernwn this morn
¦i2&'^-r, tl|e i Firs i- Baptist Church was on
T . ln , c .Backward, Qnward and Upward
}X)0k...\.. •. : ;•¦'. '...; ;¦ '¦.¦-"..,'•:•: ¦- .' •..--.
.^:Revrc.M. Hill preached a. sermon te
*ore .the King s Daughters this evening at
the Tenth*avenue Baptist ':(¦: (¦ hurch. select-
Ing,.for his; subject^ "A True Daughter of
the. King. ¦'¦ .•¦•¦¦••¦• • • .. -. : . ¦ ¦ -.
w Picture Sermons From the World's
Great . Paintings" ; was the/, subject of a
talk by Rev. John M. Dick, B. E>., at the
Fourth Congregational Church to-night
The. lecture was illustrated by stereoD
tlcon views. ..... "
At St, Paul's Episcopal Church a serv
ice new to local churches was given to
night. The evening *ervicr> began at II
o'clock, ending at the beginning of the
new year. The sen-Ice was largely
musical in character, and the cantata
"A Song of the Night." by Dudley Buck!
written for the last night in the year, was
rendered.
HUMAN HEART
WEIGHED NEARLY
TWENTY OUNCES
Revelation at Eliza
Reeves' Autopsy.
DEATH CAME VERY SUDDENLY
PHYSIOLOGICAL PHENOMENON
IN AN AGED WOMAN.
Her Heart Measured Fourteen Inches
in Circumference and the Walls
Were. Over an Inch in
-; '/•: :' Thickness. •¦ .. v- ; ;
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
• 90S Broadway. Dec. 31.
An autopsy held this afternoon on the
remains of Mrs. Eliza T. Reeves, who
died very suddenly at her home. 837 Jack
son street, shortly after midnight last
night, revealed an enlargement of ; the
heart that Is a physiological phenomenon.
Mrs. Reeves, who is the wife of Thomas
Reeves, the well-known gardener, had
Just passed her sixty-second year and
ncr health In the past had been what
might be called perfect. She had been
married forty years and reared four chil
dren, two of whom are married, and on
the occasion of Christmas at the family
reunion she appeared in '¦ the., best '..of
health and spirits. . ¦ : -...-..' ...- •"• :: -C-\- '+.
At midnight she complained of a' pain
in her chest. ¦ Dr. Andrew .Fine waa
promptly summoned, but before- the phy
sician could arrive she passed away..-Cor
oner Mehrmann was notified to-day and
an inquest will be held next Tuesday. ?
Notwithstanding the ' husband's . objec
tions, an autopsy was held this after
noon by Dr. Fine, when it was found
that death^was caused by enlargement of
the heart. This propeller of life force,
however, proved to be the largest ever
seen by Dr. Fine in his many years' ex
perience aa an autopsy physician. Though
in her prime, Mrs. Reeves had tipped the
scales at .200 pounds, she was not a large
woman; at the time of her death. Her
heart weighed about nineteen ounces,
whereas'.'tne normal heart of an. adult
weighs between eight and ten ounces.
Mrs. Reeves'' heart measured eleven and
one-half Inches in circumference and
fourteen inches in the other measure
ment.: The walls of her heart were over
an Inch in thickness. :...-:..'.. . ¦
"The heart is the largest that I have
ever, seen, " said Dr. Fine to-night, "and
Iguess It is the largest any one has ever
seen in: a human body. It is marvelous
that. Mrs. Reeves lived as long as she did
without complaint as to tnat organ.
Aside, from the unusual size, the only de
fects 1 found were in some of the valves,
and it is probable that the valvular de
fects were the cause of the enlargement."
. Mrs.; Reeves was a native of Kngland,
aged 62 years, and had long resided in
this city; She was a member of the local
lodge of the order of Daughters of St.
George.: The funeral will take place next
Tuesday afternoon from the late resi
dence and the Interment will be in Moun
tain View Cemetery. . .- : ¦ ..
PROMOTION MAY
BRING WITH IT
A REDUCTION
Gossip of Shatter's
Prospects.
TWO EQUAL COMMISSIONS
»
SAID TO BE NO PRECEDENT
FOR IT.
Raised to a Retired Major General of
Regulars, He May Have to
Resign as a Vol
unteer.
The proposed appointment" of Major
General Shafter of the volunteers as a
major general of regulars may have mon
significance than at first appears, for
there is a well-denned opinion among
army folk that the appointment can only
mean the immediate retirement of the
General in both ranks.
The plan to promote General Shafter,
at present a retired brigadier of the reg
ular army as well as a major general of
volunteers, to be a major general of regu
lars, comes from the President and the
Secretary of War. The rank will be given
by Congress by the passage of a bill
framed by the Secretary of War, but it
will carry no active duty with it. Shafter
has already passed the age limit and wad
retired as a regular officer last October,
so all Congress can do is to place him on
the retired list as a major general instead
of a b.ig;idier.
Ther*\ are those well versed in army
lore, however, who say such a thins a^
an officer holding two commissions of the
same rank,- one in the regular army and
one In the volunteers, is not according tn
military precedent. .The regulations are
silent on the matter, and if It be out of or
der at all it. Is because of some ruling of
the War Department. v :
Should it be found to be a military im
possibility- to confer the dual rank upon
General Shafter. it is probable he will re
sign his volunteer commission at once, for
to be a major general upon the rrtire<l
list for the remainder of a man's life ia
better than to be a major general of vol
unteers with at most no worse than eight
een months' service ahead.
The theory of. the position, according
to those who say the ¦ two commissions
cannot exist. Is this: An officer may leave,
the regular army to become a voluntet-r
officer only when such transfer i° a pro
motion as well. If he be not promoted his
services are considered of more use In th<»
regular establishment than In the volun
teers. If he be not raised in rank there
can be no reason for his transfer.
Like the Question of precedence between
Deweyand Miles, the matter of two ma
jor generals' commissions must be settled
by Washington. Bnt in what way it will
be settled is a question causing considera
ble Interest.
SPORTING NEWS
MAHER AND
McCOY STOP
TRAINING
Both Men Say They Are in
Good Shape for the
Mul >
;. ,-. f-reclat Dispatch 'to The Call.
NEW YORK. Dec. Sl.— For their battle
at Coney Island to-morrow afternoon
Kid McCoy and Peter Maher of Ireland
are in perfect physical condition, the re
sult of six weeks of conscientious train
ing, iioth men to-day concluded their
preparation for the battle by taking but
mild exercise. McCoy's work consisted
of a five-mile horseback ride and tossing
the medicine ball, followed by a cold
shower bath and a hard rub down. At
the conclusion of his exercise the "Kid"
said that never in his life had he felt
better prepared for a fight. Bunches of
muscle .stood out proihinently on his
arms, chest and back. Every muscle ap
peared to have been trained to the highest
point of perfection. He looked a picture
of. perfect physical manhood. There is
no doubt that McCoy's physique has
undergone wonderful improvement. So
far as strength and weight is concerned
he is a better man to-day than ever. In
former battles McCoy has been reluctant
to make a knock-out prediction for him
self, but for lus fight with Maher he
states that he will surely knock the
Irishman out inside the limit of twenty
live rounds.
McCoy has selected as his place during
the battle the southwest corner. It is the
same that tiharkey occupied in his fight
with Jeilries. Mahtr will have the north
east corner, in which Jeffries rested in
his. lights with Fii? and Sharkey. Mc-
Coy's advisers wilTbe William Muldoon,
Hpme.r Selby, "Jimmy" de Forest, and
'.Joe Falvey. Maher's seconds' will bo
Peter ¦JUurns, "Pete" Lowrey and "Jack"
MaJierw- .."-. •¦••.-,¦' .;•¦ , ¦ . • ; ¦: '.¦/¦:¦
:. ¦'Judging from the .advance sale . of
tickets the : attendance, will -be- almost as
large as they were at the other; big' bat V
ties held -under.'; the auspices' of the Sea
side organization. All : box sea.ta have
been disposed . of, arid: more ! than half of
the; reserved seats. While the crowd may
Be ; as large as that which witnessed .. the
FltzsirnmorisT,J.e.ffr.ies . .. arid - the Shafkey-
JfefTries fights,, the. receipts -will not be so
large,, as ..the. price asked .for tickets is
.ii)'uch...loweri"-- ;;:. ; -- '¦' .-¦ -1.-'vH'-v' :'.'•'•'¦. •:¦¦':;; v .: > -' . : - :
; Tlie purse for which /Maher arid
will struggle .¦•isvs-20 : .Ot3O;-. Of this -surii/ the
¦winner -wiir recei vb |15;0.>0. ; This is $5000:
less- .thaii.. . Suljivan .and .Corbett . fought
fpr,:^t : ls:ew.'Orlea;nsiri IMZ. : , r-/\',.-- X : } ;¦ -,-.':j
...:Drspite,'the: wirtesi-ir.edd ctrculatiori of re
ports to the •.effect t hat' t,He pugilistic ;eri- ;
coutiter. .bet ween- ..Kid/McCoy. . and. . .Peter':
Mahof -.; W«ajl<J not : tak^ ..-.'nla'cft-; on account .
,0t. . ;i ) 1.ii f i? S- ¦¦ •'. 1 ri; : t h o f ; i m .l.l y b f . . one- Q t. ' :¦.¦ th c'
pririrlpals.-it is oHi<i-'i!ly annouriced [¦' to>
night -.': t h at' 1 hV- hkx tie \: wi 1 1 ; ;t ak e; . place. ;/aa
;s'cht- ; d\ik'd 7 .iit; 3;3.0 : p.- ;m. •'to-.morro^r.v f • ; ,v, v
. ¦•• :S h o u ld Siah < • r . wli'ir he w i 1 1 . b e . on c o ; a p ai ri
in line- forthe Worlj's championship;, .hdxir:
:p rs/' :. ; A.." victtir v; .p ver M ;ih c r ¦;. \v.i >vil d . ¦ n 1 so ,
rneanvc.onp,iii;eriitil# /t.o. McCoy, consequerif-.
l^iportjiig.-mcn, .are /lakifig;/a /deep- ¦ irtter
,eat.'in'.:;th>: reFiilt. ¦ Harry, (¦orb^tti^who
en rnie / f rptri t'ii ! l l'« > r n i a to /s.e e/ t he. .fight '. r« \t
jv,.r ; to j] «>;pnr -Mc<;'pyv "put.bbui'g/l'hir' ;
laking t.he/.'Maher .'enil;. ¦ .'-.; .//¦;•;" ¦:.•¦• :: . ¦.¦¦/¦¦-;./¦"¦¦¦ ; ;
:^ Cl^trFey^Wla'te /wUiv ; ac.t:as^ referee;' v Np
pictures; of the.. ftglit' will.be.: taken.--' ;•;¦.¦:•; : :-)-'\,
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 1, . 1900.
The average worflan 'upends more time
trying to improve her complexion than her
mind. ¦•-.-• ¦•'=
* twelve black' cats were .pnt lri- aNew
sTork .cold-storago- warehouse, 'At the enrl
of six months their .hirfr had turned
white. •:.••-:
Native Son Wounded in Manila.
. Colonel Kalph de Clairmont of this city
has just. re.Oived word that his son Cor
poral Lorenzo Alexis de Clairmont of
Troop 8.. Fourth United States cavalry
was wolind.ed in the chest about a week
ago in an. engagement with the Insurgents
at Ceba. The. wound is reported as be
ing not very serious. Corporal de Clair
mont. who enlisted as a private with the
intention of earning his way to a commis
sion, has been in the thick of the fighting
at the front/for the past four months. He
is a Native. Son-and is doing his best to
perpetuate the fame of the Sons of the
Golden West.
CLASSICS NOT YET BARRED.
Local Christian Brothers Do Not Fear
the Propaganda's Decree.
The Christian Brothers of this city, and
the .Catholic ch-rgy are ; practically unan
imous iti- the. opinion -that the report of
the sacred, congregation of the propa
ganda-prohibiting the teaching .of the
classics in the schools conducted by the
brothers will not be approved by the
Pope/ .- '- . .: . '.: ¦ .
, Archbishop Riordan, who was dele
gated to present the matter at Rome
urged the: .ropO to allow the- conditions
existing in the Christian. Brothers" schools
throughout the. United States to remain
unchanged, fv Classics- are not taught by
the brothers in France, that branch ' of
•study b«"lng left entirely to the Jesuits
The French order objected to special prjv
lU-gc'B being allowed thelf American- col
leagues, and complained to- the Pope. -
Sacramento Coursing.
SACRAMEXTO, Dec. . 31.-In today's
coursing Keta D won first money, /Mail
Carrier second. Handspring, third and
Dinah fourth. The weather Was fine and
the sport first class. . ..
Racing at Tanforan.
,•¦ .Tlie entftes : at ; the': Western , Turf ABsocia
tlon'/s trnck; are/.as follows:; ¦;¦ '¦¦ ¦¦•-.. : ¦'. ¦.
.'First'¦tare'-'-Five furl6n'cs:.'l6urrre'ar--olds and
ijpwa-rd; ¦ selllr.e; . ' • ; -.-. ..' • ¦¦¦• ; "¦ '.' ¦. _/-..¦'
¦ 431. gpry-Lark::. ...:ll& : .... Gbv. :Sheehan.':.llo'
552 Grand -Sachem.'. 117' 2M.Modwena ;..llli39'.Br*W:=Lo>*:r..7.'.'ll3; ..lll
i39'.Br*W r..7.'.'113 : =Lo>* : ..: .Ju-ya .;.-.. : ...'.'.....11i.
455 El- Salado..-...,.115 500 Loving Cup...... 115
533 Romany' ,;*'..> ..-.'.lU :;;.. Mflld Anthpny....ll6
•»vi Antloch : ?,i.i..',113 . ... Nora Ives-. V .-...-:•. 113
549 Gr.eyhurst ....;. 117 226 Libertine ;\...i.!20
¦'480 Ballsta ' : .'.»-....',', 112. 513 Benamela; . . '..>.';. 117.
'¦ Second, race— One and an /eig-nth miles; Cell
ing;'three-year-olds-and'upwnrd.. ' .-. . ¦
52» Coda .: ;...'. .103 : v. 224 Cromwell ?...;.10S
636 Rlxford 8:>!.(4 r ><i)Chlmura ;...:.;.102
63S Owyliee .........103 | t'3s FortJn 100
558 Meadowthorpe. .1121 54S Del Paso II 112
535 Torn Calvert.'....!""' | 553 Stuttgart 104
456 Oralbee 100'-
•' Third race — One mile: three-year-olds and up
ward; pelllnE- ¦ . - .:.¦••¦
(443)Racivan 102[(109)Cyr1I ............102
510 Inver'ary *I .. 9'Ji(s37)Ailenna ..; .. 83
(544) Merry Boy :107 1 .'>« Scotch Plaid 107
.. Bt«hop Reed 114! (45j)Merops ...105
•¦'..i Doßtpwn ...... ..110U.V4S)Wyomlng .......107
Fourth race — One and a.- sixteenth ... miles;
thre^-year-olds and upward; New Year's han
dicap: , •¦ . . ¦ '•
(541)P0tente ..liw; 553 Meadowthorpe ..105
(479)r>als3' F ....107| Ml Morlnel .lOft
547 White Fern.....HH). (4r*)r*hlmura 100
f>4l Topmnst ....:...U>iU477)Zoroaster ll!t
<552)ImpeTiOus •' 105. (,r)22)Casdale .109
•Fifth race — Short course; steeplechase; handi
cap: ' ... ¦ . -5-v ¦•'¦'•
.Reno .lfi. ! ll(49S}Meddler 13:»
462 Vi Ft.*:.; "..ISO J--4S3 .Major 5.........133
431 Credo ..'.J.. ...... 12.". .(4«). Monlta -...., 13f>
48J Roa*more ;;U^W-[:B1 3 O C ...127
462 Una' Colorado.. i-127. '• ? . . > ..
Sixth! race— 81x • furlnnss; three-year-olds
and upward; bandlfcap:. .
520 Tar Hi1t.. ....... 100 ;523 Frank Bell Ills
(KlDlien Ledt .'..llrt (442)5t. Cnslmlr 106
537 SUnello ...;.. ...100.' (aSOFlamora 108
452 Geyser .:.v:: — 113 ' -.. First Shot .".103
530 Kins' CarnlvaL.ll3 517 Decoy 101
<512)&y '. .........110 (."40)St. Cuthbert....lO3
(544)Sybarls ....JI(V- 454 Rio Chlco 100
511 Uobus Bill M , . .
Selections for To-Day .
First race— Lovlnc Cun. Romnny, Ballsta.
-, Second 'race— Crom well. ': Del Paso 11, Chl
mura. . ' . /-_•.-¦ '--
Third rice— Wyoming;;' Bishop Reed. Merops.
Fourth rac«T-p«l»y F. Potente. Zoroaster.
Fifth race-rCredo, Reno. Monlta.
Sixth race— Geyser, Sybarls, King Carnival.
French Handball Players.
The monotony of handball playing ;at
Thil Ryan's court, RSS Howard street, was
mitifwhat varied yesterday afternoon by
!hp prepenoe of a quartet of French p!ay
• ra. who made their appearance In the
«-ourt. 2¦' ' " L.
In the game yesterday there were- F.
TihlFta arid J. Esponda against J. Jaurr
(ruy and J. Iribarren. The game was
Inr liv> noes, and was so closely contested
ihat the games wore declared a draw af
tf-r four had been played. The other game*
were: :.'- ; ££ %
V. McDonald «n4 P. Ptelner defeated M. He-
NV:I and L. CarrmJne. Score, 2W12, 19 — 21.
n. j^ - ¦ -' . ¦.- . ~ . ' *
T. McMer.uj «n4 Dr. MrOowan defeated ¦¦ J.
MtNimar* and S. Garvey. Score, "I—l 7, 13 — 21,
21- W.
<"; Smith and R. Bowman defeated A. Mc-
V!. k<>r «nd G. Jnmeji. Score. 21—11. &— 2l. 21 — 12,
Man O'Erien and W. Fisher defeated M. Mc-
I'onald and W. Manlon. Fcore. 21—18. 18-21.
'El-: 1 ). ¦ I ,-:..;>:. {¦, ?>¦¦;¦; '
G. B. Hir«rfl and T. Leach defeated 3.
<-on<!on and 'E. Antron. Score. 21—10, J&-Zl,
51-I*.- v. -• i
A. Whlteman an-3 J. Glynn defeated E.
Mhite an<l C Lakln. S^ore. Jl— S. 16 — 21. 21—18.
.T CfOcnneil and H. n!!i# defeated G. Ellin
bj>4 W. Dunning. Scn r «. 71— v, 2<:> — 21. 21— 17/
J. Uo^net and A, Hamilton defeated M. J.
Kllpallon arid- R. Lir.ehar. three games to one,'
ly the following score:
3 Bonnet and A. Hampton 21 21 IB 21
11, J. KHsail'in and R. Lln*han....l« 18 21 11
A continuation of the games will be
'.;ad to-day, at which the two young
rhampions. White and Collins, will tept
The staying qualities of any two players
In the local court.
Female Masquesaders.
Mabel MqCarthy and May : Nelsori
. /Arrested While Having a Good
; '¦•. ': -.-. : : Time on Jackson Street. .:.;' : :j
The . friends of a saloon-keeper at 60
Jackson street/ met there Saturday night
to ceicbrate the exltof theyear, and 1 they
had' a. good; time. The guests consisted
principally ; of sailors and their lady!
friends and v about 2 o'clock yesterday
morning, during the height of tho.hilarity,
it was suggested that it would be a nice
joke if Mabel McCarthy and May Nelson,'
two young girls Just cmcrgtng out-of-their
teens/ would don mate attire and make:a
few calls atthe neighboring saloons. -.-:'¦ .. ..
The girls jumped rit. the suggestion. arid
in a few mtnutes they appeared in mate
attire much to the. delight of. the com
pany.- They starred but; accompanied by
several of the male guests; and thej£. up
roarious mirth attracted the attention of
Policemen power anVlv Sandman. They
watched the riierryriiaktrs; and something
iii the walk .arid /gericral. appearance of
two of the.;nurh:bpr' aroused ¦their suspi
cions/ They/caUed a: halt and Mabel. and.
May tremblingly/ admit ted their . sex -and.
said it. iwasJ wn|y : a; : joke.; : : :They were,
placed: Under arrost:arid taken to. the Har-.
bpr. • police : : ¦sHatlori,..-;;:- On .the- way Erick
Olsen rftlse.d; such a disturbance hy black-r
guarding the o'Tlccrs. that he was arrested
for disturbing the peace. .'They were, soon
released on: ball, the girls in $100 each arid
Olsen ¦in :$2Q.' :/•:.• ;¦;•/¦//:¦;. /:¦ .--f^V,
Death of Cheeseman's Father.
BERKELEY,: Dec. 31.— F. H, Cheese
man, the father of Frank Cheesernari, the
inßarie murderer^ died this afternoon at
his residence, 2022 Otis street: Death came
as the.result of a:pr6longed illness. Mr.
Cheeiseman : wii 1 a native of:. New York,
having lived in Berkeley but ten years.
He;/wasffi) years of. age.- .;-:.-. :.'¦¦..-. ;- ;.
MRS. M. SCHULTZ ENTERTAINS
THE CHORISTERS OF OAKLAND
/=^AKLAND, Doc, 31,— Mrs. Martin Schultz Informally had the members of
((; Ijthe different choirs this ! evening at her home on Sixteenth street to
watch the old year out and the new year in. The pleasant gathering
. took place after church, and ended in; the small hours, music, conver
tlon and refreshments making the time pass swiftly and delightfully.
. Mrs. Sehultz was assisted in making her guests welcome by her charm
ing daughter, Miss Stisie. The choirs were well represented In spite of the
rain, arid the evening proved especially fruitful in that It brought together
socially the religious musical organizations and made them acquainted— a
: thing that has not bern done before, and that was an original thought with
: the hostess. Among those Invited to be present were:
Mr. and Mrs. KAgar Bishop. Miss Abba Kellogg.' Miss Louise Kelle&s Mr. and Mrs
.KelloKS. William King, Robert Newell. Mr. Lemert./Miss Annie Flint. Charles Flint!
i Mrs.. \V. E. Sharon. Miss Florence Sharon. Mr. and Mrs. Putnam Gr'lswold. Clement
Rowlands, Mrs. A. A. Dewlnj?;.. J. M, Robinson, Mr,. Davis, Miss Oeorgie Kno*ltori, Mr.
• : and Mrs. Harry Thomas arid Mfi and Mrs. Harry Carleton.' ".' . ".- .-. • ' ' :
. ; ¦: Mr. and Mrs. George/ \V. McXear Jr. gave an informal luncheon to-day at
. their.home, Thirteenth and Oak streets, tp. commemorate the anniversary
; of their wedding. The guests, included Miss Male Tucker, who will become
;a; bri^e to-morrow;^ her fiancee, A. S Macdpriald. and their attendants, at
.the coming citjrern-ony. There were also a few other friends present.
: ; Mr. and Mrs.. Isaac Tlequa returned frbn>: their Eastern trip this afier
ribon.and were welcomed with much pleasure.at the "Highlands " They left
v New York the day before Christmas. Mrs.; Jv.A: Fqlger has returned from
• the East also, where- she- accompanied hpr s'pri and his bride.. ' ': '. ¦' '¦ ¦¦ .:
..- . / MX and Mrs. George \Y. 'Percy entertained a few.friettds very Informally
.'this afternooh at thoirihome bn Boulevard .Terrace... The gathering was a
v coritiriiJation. )n a way.vof the "fin de siecle" -evening given by them last night
at which papers on the progress, of the century/ were read and greatly en
: joyed.- . ,: . .-- ;' ¦¦'¦. ¦.'¦'¦/ •¦.:/.'.'.¦¦¦¦ ¦.-..."¦ : . ; 'i':. : ': '¦'¦¦ '¦¦ '¦'¦¦"
FRAWLEY WINS "WITH
FLYING COULORS"
<rt:«^ tflTH FLYING COLOURS- 1 comes
' wvxiT: : w l*-^ : a - r<¥COr d of success at- the
\T\yf ' : Adclf)lii Theater, London, where
. ¦ .¦ • ' ' Jt rah .tor '•¦'.- a twelvemonth . or
more.. It is the inpst pretentioiiu effort
the Frawliey. co'mjTany' has made, yet it
does not differ, greatly in ijuality. froni its
predecessors.' To analyze one melodrama
is to' atralyze all im-lodramns", rxctpt'r.g,
perhaps, u fc\y- thathcre.and.thorc make,
for originality— originality of the higher
sort I; mean, the kind that -.throws tradi
tion to the winds and bespeaks something
of the creative faculty In It* auilior.
"W ith Flying Colours" is not ' one of
these. It is built on the same old lines,
the' various impossible, popular- expres
sions of virtue and vice are all there, with
little or' no relief of n sound literary or
dramatic sort. People of intelligence do
not read stories, of this kind, mou^n thuu
sahds of them are published In paper-back
editions, and if they ure to bo made ac
ceptable on the stage it must bo by vir
tue of plcturesqutness and vitality. Thus
the setting nnrl acting are all important,
and the play Is notthe thing. .
In. point of scenery the production ut the
California is commendable. ; There are
fourteen scenes, which for the most part
are well contrived, and with but a few
forglveable concessions to expediency.
The usual contrasts prevail, ami one Is
taken" from the atmosphere of IoW life to
scenes . wherein gentlefolk pnjoy tho
amenities of wealth. All very phasing to
the. gallery anil sufficiently well carried
out to interest most people. The scene in
the wood In the second act, with its pic
nic and hunting party, is quite real in Its
tone, despite the contrast between the
English and the American members of tile
company.
The Americans are very -artificially Eng
lish and .Mr. Harrington Reynolds is very
"Englishly" artificial. It was in "The
Sporting Duchess" that he did his best
work; anu Judging him by that- standard
ho Is not up to the mark In the present
production. A more perpetually conscious
actor were, hard to Imagine or one more
absorbed In his attitude and accent, j-'rari
cis Byrne has, I think, at last found his
milieu. As a lover ho was always im
possible, thouerh I thought nt flr«?i i"at his
rather j>ofr appf«rnnce cUv him out for
such parts. As 'he vil'Vn trt "Wl'b
ing -Colours" he acts earnestly and effeo
tl\ely.. Miss Van Buren is given the part
of an hnglish slavey, which I woul.l have
considered out of her line had I not seen
her in It.- She does some very cleve
character work with her small opportuni
ties. The rest of the cast is by far too
numerous to mention. .
. : . . .¦¦¦¦: ¦¦ PORTER GARNETT
'•¦ • 1 ' . • • •
.There will be New Year matinees at all
the theaters this afternoon/
The Frawley company's elaborate pro
duction of "With Flying Colors." which
was presented last night for the first
time in America, will continue for the
week Including next Sunday night. On
Monday. January S. and at the Wednes
day matinee. January 10. Emma Nevada
will be heard in concert. On Tuesday
evening. January 11, Mr. Frawley will
present Pinero's successful drama. "The
Princess and the Butterfly."
"The Christian" will continue at the
Columbia for two weeks longer. The play
has had notable success and the demand
for seats is heavy.
There will be no change at the Grand
Opera-house for the present. The holiday
attraction. "Sinbad," is drawing well It
is a . success scenically and otherwise.
Little 80-Peep" at the Tivoll seems
destined for n. long run. There will be a
special matinee of "Little 80-Peep" to
day and also next Saturday. The next
production at the Tivoli will be Frank
Daniels', greatest success. "The Idol's
"Chimmfe Fadden" continues nt the
Alcazar with Forest Seabury in the title
role. •:¦ ."-. .
At the Orpheum Fougere and La
Sylnhe are the holdovers. Billy Rice and
11. \V. Frillman. the Rozlnos and Dorothy
Drrw are. among the newcomers.
Murray, and Mack are at the Alhambra
this week tn "Finnigan's Ball."
Major Mite and Adgle in her mirror
dance are attractions at the Chutes
There. will be two De Paehmann recitals
at Sherman & Clay Hall on Thursday and
Saturday afternoons.
SWISS RIFLEMEN.
' Th^- regular; -monthly class, modal' arid
hullPcye contests of the Swiss Rifle C!ub
tnoit place yetserday" at. Harbor View
range. Theatteridance was large and the
members' congratulated themeslves upon
the fart- that the organization has just
jiaf^ed its fortieth anniversary and !s still
in an unusually prosperous condition. Its
membersliip now numbers nearly fifty and
ihrre is over $4'\>o in the treasury, with
no outstanding claims". The- active mem
l.prship is from fifteen to twenty, who aro
«.n the range the last Sunday In each
month. The wrather and light at tim^s
\-e«tertSay were ploasant, and. at other
iimop the lipht was poor, the shadows al
most obprurir.g the targets. : The winners
wild scores -were as follows:;
flapf medal match, twenty *hots. German 25
rinK tanff-t— <"hamrlon class. A. C. Gehret. 416
lir.c-y: firrt cl«k«i. A. PtudT. *\l: second class.
1». Croce. 3^3: third class. A. SConottL 357.- • ? -.
Bullseye thoot for cash prize*, best center* to
win— Firsi prize, A. Gehret: F»cohd ; J- Ua-ch
ir.an: third. A. yon W>l; fourth, J. Seeman;
f.tth. A. Monottl; sixth. A. Huguenln; seventh,
>". guter. .-' • -•
Remembered Leader Clark.
OAKLAND. Dec. 31.— The retirement of
Ben Clark, the well known tenor, from
the leadership of the First Presbyterian
Church choir took effect to-day. As a
mark of the esteem in which he was held
by his friends In the choir, and perhaps
also in view of the coincident of his birth
day, the retired choir leader has been
presented with a large, beautiful oil
painting of a battle scene.
U.C . Gradua les as Teachers.
. ¦ BERKELEY,' Dec. 31.-^-The .announce
ment Is made by the appointment secre
tary of the University of Calif ornta of
the appointment of Harry A. .Llnscott.a
graduate of the class of ISP9.; as principal:
of the public school at San Lprenzo, Ala
meda County: Charles E. Fryer, ajso a
graduate 'of the ulass of . 1893^. has been
chosen head of the department of his
tory in the Mt. Taroalpais Military Acnd
emy at Sari Rafael. ; Both graduates will
enter upon their duties at the opening of
the next school term. . .}. -. -•.'.¦ ¦ ¦.••
TARS AT TIBUBON.
Corinthian . T achtsrrien : ; Make ; Merry
at Theiir! New; Yearns Irtrinet".
',-. For several "yeafs- past Vjt. has been the
¦good - c u stom ". !q p. "': t he.-.-' Cor 1 ri t h i an.; .; Yacht
Club: to hold an ;annua:i;, dinner, on the first
day .of ./the : year:; -This time, the "annual
ship 'cleaning" was given /on the last day.
of. the old year.' 'Shortly-after.. noon the.
amateur cooks and waiters, arrayed. lrv
white /duck suits with white aprons; and.
caps, and flaming red ties, each .bearing
on his breast an. emblem lndicatlre of his
clutios. filed out tp .Tiburon,: whence: they
shortly.; returned to the clubhouse, ; bear t
ing roast turkeys, ducks, suckling plg3
arid geese. The members and guests/seat
ed themselves at the tables In the large
room, and, : &fter partaking of : a dotse of,
"germ, .atgtroyer,'' ' proceeded. ... to ; 'ißtow
avv-ay "Corihthiwhatthehelldbwecaresalat":
arid a quantity of. duclc with ceieryi- tur
keywjih cranberries, pig : with apple
£auce arid: goose : . with : -stuffing. 'For
drinks there were white-; and red' Wines
and : Hungarian Tokay- of;. an '.'. old brand.
The guests were particularly requested by
notices conspicuously- posted to ."report:
au>: incivility of-, the management to the
Cooks' arid.-. Walters' .Union." ".-. ; '. - : ••-;'¦¦"¦¦ •'•
¦'-. Whfn tl.e Waiters had concluded : that
the ggu sts : had had • ehpugh, they struck
work and sat down to a special: table on
which wiere several gllt-tppped bottles,
whence corks popped arid a loaming liquid
bUrfit 'fdrth; After : clga.ru had been iight
cd, Oonirncdore Carl AVesterfeld, the-pres
ideiit'ot .the d-ay, made-, a few opening re
marks. Then ex-Commodore. T. F. Tracy
presonied to the retiring ofllcer a suitably
.inscribed, diamond' locket ; in ¦ recognition
of. his services to the clubJ •:¦:.¦¦ ¦¦ \ ; .'¦,. -..-
, 11/ D. Uawks, the, nominee for commp
dore in -TjW). made^a short speech, which
was: well, received. J. Cathcart, who haa
Jusvr.ri' warned frbrrt the Eastern States,
.t:old;a,.MtJiyvplbked up during his travels;
Jiyan . s(hi^ ; some Irish ' songs and Ryan
aiitf. : c;ath'-»rt rendered a duet; : SdngS arid
stories followed, from Professor Abraham
v l iLb;raiTi6n'i...:FrariH '¦: AY, : . Thompson,:; \V.
liyneSy P)oan and. CrpweU, Ben Tarbox
jEtTid ;Sjpan and. McLaughlln. ¦¦¦:¦. The after
n^oij passed . pleasantly ,v marked by ; the
spirit of ..harmony, and: good fellowship
¦tnat ; are .. I'haracteristtc: of all Corinthian
SathcrinKs. iuul which give It.a: unique po
sition japipftg Ban.Franciscp clubs. 'Most
of the. gUfsts returned :to the city, by tho
4 o'clock L ,n!t, but.enbugh were, left behind
at the clubiiouse to man a brass, guii and
fire Rtilutr-.s at the outgoing ferryboat;. ?
. . - Port: Capiain- • Jdhn H. ' Keofe^ was '• re
sponsible; for- the ! excellent arrangements
maoe. for the dinner- and : the following
members lent valuable assistance: -T ?J.
Kava-naugli,: duck carver; Herman Den
hiirU. pis-divitler; Jlenry. H.Gorter, gPpse
parifcr; L. --Ha-wlts. turkey-dlssecter,'. and
. L-. B. Chapruan; comppyjider of saladiiThe
t'ooks' and Waiters' Union was made uu
of .Fancy: Thornton, president;. "Kee
gan'' Schobc-r .secretary; .c. H Buck
jack Short, \\\ L. Westerfeld, W. Fiaher
and J.C.'Brickell, waiters. ;.
OCEAN TBAVIX.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
jjk. Steamers leave P.roadway
rjrniM wharf. S.ir Francisco:
ißßaWllfc. For Alaskan ports, 10 a m .
L^^s3^R3^ Jan - '• fi n - lfi - - x - :S - :{: -
JaCT^j^iTi Frb. S, rhsing^ t¦> company's
rafiioq^gi st.'irnpr« at Seattle.
uj%^KA| For Victoria, Vjr.mii^r
l r^^^J^SflgaM <B. C). Port Townsend. Se-
attle, Tacoma. Everett. Ana-
(Wash.). 10 a. m.. Jan. 1. «.
11 1« fl. 28. SI. Feb. a. and every fifth day
I thereafter: change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska an<i C. N. Ry. : at Ta-
coma to N. P. U'y. : at Vancouver tc C. P. U y.
For Eureka (Humboldt Cay). 2 p. m., Jan.
I 4, », 14. 19. 2*. 29. Feb. 3, and every Rfth day
! thereafter. _
1 For Santa Cm*. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
! ucos Port Harford (San Luis Obispo*. Oavlota.
Panta Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Peilm.
I East San Pedro (Los Anjreles> and Newport. 9
a m.. Jan S, 7. 11. 15. 19. 23. 27. 31. Feb. 4.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Dleito. stopping only at Port Har-
ford (Pan Luis Oblspo). Santa Rarbara. Port
Los Ariseles and Redondo «Los Anjceles). 11 a.
m . Jan. 1. 6, 9. 13. 17. 21. 25. 29. Feb. 2. an.l
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Mapdalena Pay. Pan Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. LaPaz. Santa Rosalia
: and Guaymas (Mcx), 10 a. m.. 7th of each
i month- ¦ ,
' For further information obtain company s
The company reserves the right to rhansn
•teamers. sallinfc dates and hours of salllnff
without previous notice.
TICKET orriUK-4 New Montgomery
¦treei (Palaca Hotel).
GOODALU PKRKTVS A CO.. Oen. A«ts..
10 Market st:. San Francisco. "
RUNAWAYS AT THE P ARK
No Music, but Plenty of Excitejtteiit
for : Sunday^Pleasure irSeekers. { ; ;! ¦
-.. Alt hdugji':: there. ;.was";ho;.'-.-. v rnuifiC-' ; 'at;"lh«
I».rky^t-erday; the. 'srr.Jai.l crowd^ tha^igatn,
* red -th^r*.. wi«'-;_i.urnl^hv-yi-:exc^t>royn-t : -^ufr.
i i ci.r Tit ii n r '. ¦ p ri |p .'.'d ay, .. by. . t wo . • ; i*u tia wa ,y 's ..
Janie^ •ilcStay - of/-. 727 •.Folftirh ¦[ Ptr^c-t ; .was
•rfriViriK.'- Wiiti ifa" jady- When, the horse took
¦ f liehi . r.eir. ; the': bridge: ' cippos: te, the.- c6n>
j-t-rvat^rS' and '.KplteiiL- 'Offlcor -Kavanaugh
1. U''^*-'!.' but. a-chase in.f pyr-r a.;;EalleTe.nm
Vwefl 'hfforo .the .. ruiiaway was ! st'ip.ped.
>.">n h*»ir < !'f the occupants of :th'e. buggy, was
:.-.'v-' : 7.. ;¦;•.:;;; : --. :'. : ! :':;.¦:.[¦. ¦•.V:v:. : '-.:-.Vv,- ¦/••;•{¦;•••;
¦.'¦' A' short tirni*" later -a horse ¦¦•driven' by . Jb-
.817 J«f»ssie-. street.; was frigs:.t
¦<r:l.:r<l:"t»V- the -tTf-jjking'of a ' ; - ..shaft" clip 'lad.
ran.-away.-! •NWlatrwsfc ihrowrt .nut, .but: bf>r
: " . ¦: . -I :i f .c-w •¦sera tch>¦ s ; v.-.-t s v ni n J ur Vvd . ¦. ¦; : T Ke .
}. ¦ 1 - 1; : wa sea ugh tby Ollic^r ;r>e Cl--a guj?r ra.
'¦¦ J.li<>;Ch.utv!^dre;w^a : ;large: -crbwii^io' .¦¦e;ri.r ;
¦ joy the last flay; of^ the^:y>ar-'. ,In Jaddi.tioh
t^:Xhjf' : regiilat'^pTogx'arhin^..tf%cu^!spitet^,
i:ti.r,ictions:we.i i e:'on"the hiH!- ¦'/: :'::¦/'¦::'...'. ¦'•'.;
- The.' r^sultsVof the aquatic:- contests, at
SutrQ.; .Baths' foilow^: '^\^_\,-- 'C::y : ..C- ';'¦:.¦ '-.y.'. ¦:_
"iSr-^-a.r.d ' Jash.'-.- '¦• jjuyienlle^- H.. ¦'¦.. Lelcken flrft;
'.<.»er>rc if ' <"harl.es ¦ .second..' •' -.' (¦¦¦ :'¦ ::¦¦.'¦_¦: - ; - ' ; " ; ; ¦ ', •-"• '¦:
" Kj'-jitrd. rac*. .ima.teur-UH. Feebach; first.. G.
.I^icken-seS'oricl.'-J "¦..¦'•:,-.. ; : ': i"'.'-'-^ ¦'¦¦¦'¦ '.^. :\ : : : : .' : - '¦¦':¦
-.': ! r «"'fjar.(J ••^tub/.'r&cer-C,- Stanton' first, '•'T-... HerH.
¦r;".ari'. peci >nd^ ¦.-'•: :•¦-¦'"".¦¦ . ¦." :."- .:- : "¦;.' ¦'."-¦ ¦'¦-. ;¦¦•¦.. :¦'¦¦¦ -.- •. ¦¦.
•Hlph .divirjK for:boys4-Jack:O;Briefl:«r«t. T.
BflrrberE- «eero4. •'.--/*"/.¦ !'.-: ¦••. -. ' ".¦'-. \/ : ¦:•¦:•¦ '..'•'?
.¦RrriDttx'iar^l -illrlhK^-C.-: Punberg' first, - Jack;
•f>_'Brirri..Jr«can4.-''-V" • : -' :'¦>¦" ••' ; ' :;= . :^"-H ••¦•:.¦.•.¦.' ¦¦'"'
."riK}»r '-¦water swimming •Gontest—rJ. A. Jack-
COMPANY H
WINS EASLIY
FROM DECOTO
-.Spore-M any *Touchdowns oh
'< 7 tte Young ¦ High ¦ Schpptv ;
%:? :>.',- •: ? ;•;;; ;. Students. :¦ "-¦'• '¦'¦[ :\ .'• i^ $
;;• Cbm-pany tt .of .the League of . the Crbi-s
Ca<j*>ts- .¦.and. '.-the ¦ Decbto .. .High; ¦School
¦^umi^d .against one: : a'nother: on. the.Sik
tieenth: and .Folsorn etreet gridiron yester-r
<lay j'af terhobn. in<l; Company^ H ta light
the/ visit Orsßome . f peedy -i qotbalL.. •
, t he; .. ga:ti"e; ."-iis.- io v«r yr. t he .-. -cadets /J . Nad;
.pmaps^-twenty-seven'-poto
r^ani-fe^cedVholhirig. ' '--'v ¦' ;-.v : ' ¦:¦ ?'%'£]¦ • •
,-a- '•¦fe^-^c^;3.i(l'lm|FTpojftiM*^4^^'^^^^^
- : i ! .eld and : mikirig. the Vplay slow .'.- at : tlmes.;
X ; ;6rdpany ; H. : -ha<i.:a: eignai/adyantage !-lh
liphter oppdnejniis tfom thf : lime when:
.lt.feree!-Erj(«n : nelm/ Wew; :;hls;i whistle ; -:,-f or',
i^ie.- ..begirirfiii-g.- of; 1 the j garoe-- to ; the . ycrj
:r<En<J. ¦•'.pe'ebfo'-s ;: .line was-, stk allied: time aiid
- pal-ri; for rip : rangi ng ;f r«m ; a . few feet
: *^jijto]ii^'-flf;^e*n'yard^.:-The.,c.ade'ts;f«^d
¦rio^ifficulty. in; doing Just what they
.Tlek'scd; and -touch: ground .was, gainod in
*n'd;rurs:;' ¦VVheh-^he: first : :haJf ;ende4 the;
.'-e&iore ; •stp.Qd-;'is^rov,'v '¦':;¦'.' '-V.-.-V.': - f ¦'''.¦'.' -X' '¦¦ '*•'
¦::The. ; !iecond. ;; haif- was-TeryVmuchvlof -a
¦¦r**pf tiiiori ¦'•' erf.: :tlie , /fi.rßt. ; ' Atkinsph,.- I^evy
•iiji'd^.Rtock'er- '-ik'ippt- advancing . t he' ; bait, con ; :
.-iinuajlv r.xc ward ¦: thft.:PecotGi ; :goal,- : ;Tli*
JiijrW Serial .boys w^re .well iised up . after:
IUo-h^avyb^npVng. they;; receiyed; : though
i!i«-y foJiph ; t»am^ly:t.dthe;end>--;.- ? .., ''i-ys-i
''¦¦. »ThP : .l!rte-Up>-a.s ; as .:follo*B:;-;';;'y:;!; ':-:];i-\ ¦¦;.•':
V" A r"Mi^J'- H - •' ¦ ¦¦Posltl6ii;.- : ':'' . •¦:;:i>ecoto.'
Nowl*^. ::-..: I : KrV. .:;.:. Center ;Vy.;.:/. .'. •>.;'.. ,'. .Luna
"\\Vi.r". •::¦•¦¦ -?."•/!• :.R:v'ht '¦'vJ'Ji.s.f.d .•.:•/.•.:•-'.¦-. v-;: : ..Hatnes'
¦\ 'AT-iinttfr..'\yi, . . j- I>f.f : Ouar.i ; . ,.. ¦ '¦ . .- :.. P«"ter»ori
'A'Jt*J»-h, ; .:;..;;...^.:PJphv Tackle. ;»,....,:;::WWr)pl«
;;.;.le>j>-:W-"'--..;" : :l>'fr ':' Tackl* .: : .^..Chaclbourne
I!e«ire.n"v:v. /;:'.;•. ¦...»^i.:.vFa«Jy:
- ; >l!*>neß/.V.v.i-VV.::t>fj v End..- >-+::..... Graeslun
j :ti : irijrS. .-...¦. ...i.:. :;.:.<i l jart^r. ; ..i». •; ;•.-. ...Kefmltli
.-tpeker. . 1V, .-.V- • ¦ ¦-' - Ri«ht ' Haif . .;. .. . . : .- /, ¦.;.Garc!a
j jfa.vy:,'\ '. .; ::.-. : .,:': . V. . !;>ft Half : '; : ,-. .'.'... . . . Ahderson .
Atkinson .';':*: ~,-i .i./; .^Fullback .\t::c. '¦ ' ../.,''.S*arles..
LUXOR ADDS
TO WINNINGS
OF CURTIS
The Great San lose Dog Di-
the Champion Stake
/,% ¦. With Cavalier. , '¦,¦
'•Luxor and Cavalier from the Curtis
icenne.ls, San Jose, carried off all the hon
ors;- >h.. the ¦'• -.champion stake.-, at Union
Coursing . Pam yesterday. They worked
their winning way into .the. final round,
where they; divided first and .second
money.,' Nothing could stop Luxor, which
ran like the champion. he is. \Vhitehea>l
scored one point against him, and was the
only, one able to do so. He. defeated Rusty
Gold, 6—o; Royal Flush, s—o, ran a bye in
which he scored 6—o and then beat
nead, 9— L . ".. : . • ¦ J.; ¦ '¦_ '; ' ..;- : .' ' ; ' •• : .'-£"::;
.'The upset of thfe day was the defeat of
Curtis' fast dog Beacon, the .stake favor
ite, by T. J. Cronin's Thornhili.: The for
mer was' favorite 'at odds of four to one. .¦
Thie winning score wai three to. ono.
Judge Grace said he allowed nothing ¦ for
the run vp 'or first turn, as there was no
merit in ; It because, OfV a ttuky hare. The
haj-e. broke uack' to the dogs and Thoriir
hill secured the . . turn, . placing Beacon ,
which also secured ia turn. Thornhill then
dashed inland killed, making the score
three, to. one, in -his. favor. .'. ¦ • .- -. •' . . ;¦'- ¦'
Brutus .was,-, as; usual; unfortunate In
getting long courses;, lie defeated Delia
aI. after running up a big scurej and.liad:
the sarnd experience with .Lady Clare.;
After this he was withdrawn. Lady Clare
had the course: won in Its early; stage> but
the. Thrift dog was game .and. ran- the
P.etaluma » : representative 'to , .almost . a
ttandbtlll. :. ¦- ,-.- '¦¦:.''. : ¦. :-.- : ':'¦'¦'••'¦"¦? ]~ s:'/':' ¦¦'¦
. : j: ; H. Harrison's Ilot Haste won ¦ the
class ; reserve stake with.R. E.; de B. L-o
pea't" ' Pepita runner-up. • Hot. Haste has
shown steady improvement .; for some
weeks past, arid; won. cleverly yesterday.
Many- favorites were beat en in this stake,
especially in the ,:ruiv,.down,: : when /;ha : lf
those favored -. fay.Hhe ..wise division, .-failed
:to raisip -a: nag. ; : ¦: :¦¦: '::^ : ]- : >'.'¦¦.- : .-v;^ ¦'¦'¦'¦'¦ : --^ .;¦"¦'•
: Coursing wiliV lie continued , to-day;: tl>e
concluding rounds of ; the puppy stake ana
the 'reserve: stake;.: whlciv wtu» :¦ .started ;on
Saturday, fprmhig X^: cara.. A lovofgooa
.p«-rformers; : are;:.ln;: the •Tunning.^ • Thts'yrjß
sults; of .yesterday;.;with';.tho
otrlciai! scores fqlltiw;. .;:-:¦• ¦;'/^'; v :?; ; ..; ,'-'..\J
'sjake^Ciirtls.-;^ '¦-Son's' Lujtpr'beat.
:fterl &Wnow!^'^R^ty,«bi.lv A; Al-
ComV 6 . : Roya 1 -nttlr be.it, :t> Jr. <: ronl ns . W. i ld
Tra!e>. ;; 6 J: ! -•P^'T.hrKt's^Brtmisr; --beatpW;-
Crean^r'p l>ella: M ; ;i?r-U;: p.- L/;:Heale.)VB ; Lady.
Clare ..Kennels 1 ..rßolllcKine- ,Air«.j:
6^o-' R - E d.c' B. .Ldl-ez 1 * J \Vhltehea<l.-.' beat
QeoHte ¦\Vhitnfy-6 ThW.rbn.- I^4; T-V .¦¦.J,:, : :Cr:onlti>.
THirnhill beat.; x^rtls!*:. Son's .; ..-Beacon , 3-lr
R- L '.TavMor'r /More 'l>eat HiiskWlUV Allen. &
Wilson's Lady Hnima.H; 3- ?;¦ .Hassell, Allen
& Wilson hi St.fl>& KnowJea: ;
Sleety ¦¦'Mti-t!,'-- i-^'i;, i ; asha-' K*-nn-l^.VKnUii l'a^tei
I'^tLt -}h; ;F. .-¦: ATiderson- s . <-ra»'f .l^ad. 22— 3t- ;
:«;us?-!A'berC-.r*' i mbie:-s! . -Victor- .'¦K-tnjc-." beat Paslia.
Jvcnnehls'^FlrrriiFrlehdv ::?— 2::;VVirtis & .^ans
rayaller -: bea t J . J .¦.'-¦ -Elii rrtond',s'.: M.. .rn lng.-;:*:/ lory,
:i6i— Q> -j.- Shaw's Lucky'. pog ' beat. Curt Is & ¦'.S6n- s
-OlFh. M2^-6r'C -¦:;•:¦:¦,:¦¦;;.¦ •¦ Vv-: V-A*-C. / f fi? : .Y~ ri-'' : '-;
¦Second -.rourid-^Luxor: beat Royal Elu'fh; 5-vfl;
l'.futUs beat -Lady 'l.t'lare;' IJ^S.; ¦ VVhitehead. beijt
-ThGrnhill,; 3-^l;. : Mose-bea<: ¦<;hicago : Boi;: 6^rl;.:
Victor .King boat ¦>:mln.;i l asha^ 13— 5^ ;Cavilier
.beat-'Lu< I 'kv.r>'>tr.:-6-^o.:v' v/'-j'v/S C W.'-'-t/'.-.y'i'.'':
"•\Th(ni-'-n>Mnd7^y-xoria.;bxe/-Brut^.:ti:ttlid'riawn;;
;WHUehea4^beai-v^se,;S^3;;CavaJler,:tiea:t ;yi?-!
tor K 1 ris; .'¦ lOr I !. '¦'•!. " •••.;¦.¦ - :: " • :-: ' :': ' i\ ¦':"•" ': : Y''' ¦'¦¦¦-;
Vvt'ourth.v.'rc.uh.Q^Luxor'/he.aV.-'^*hi,Uhieaili;--;...5-7'J k
and dfytded : fir Ft.- ahfl .second hibney:; with ..his
Kennel: mste ; '¦.Cavalier, : ; :~ ::.. .? ¦.'::¦: ¦¦¦M- ¦¦/.¦':''-^
!"nas=!= reserve !*takp—j;P:f Thrift's ?t.:Mlehael
beat- D/J Heiley.'s Maori Land,-.,: 6^4;' R : . E/
de B/Lorei'B.^Safa .b^ftt.'.R. L: Taylor's -Beauty
S^ot : - : 4^>;V J "Hi: ¦-Perig;o.'s Contri'tlor'.-lVfat: A;.
jnhh>on's Tod 'Sloan;v-3^:l; RjVE.- : d> ..8..-.'Lp'
pez's ii J epitS : b>a.t ' Maher & Reid'* .Bad Boy ; "
'ir^i-'- ¦¦rieorpe' SharmWri's- Miss/Skyrocket ; bf-at
Pasha Kennels' Re?t Assured. 12— 7;\ F\ -• A.-.Me-
ComtV Motto beat : Curtis & : S^^ia's VArtUy Fair,:
3— i- .Maher & Reid's.. ;'ncle Fuller :*>ea.t : Curtis
& Son's. -Commadcrc .4-^2; J. 11. -.Harrison's Hot
Haste beat. J y .McEnroes Mairie ClrcLe^ I -?;.
3H. -Lynch's ¦ Myrtle- Majd beat J: ; SlieFidan"B
Forest King.". 7-6; ;Kay&Tra,t-.t'BJlawkfr l«eat
E and B. Seott'B Lofd Byron.. 7— 3; H. Lynchs
Lntttle M beat : Kay & Twit's . -Uaaiey D!a-.
rnpnd. ' 16--rllV- Ed- Wllcon's .' Ma&negia: beat. VU\
Evatl'F Hurricane, 2vU-12: J. I', Thrlifii Forget
beat Sterl A- KnoviJes" OHara;. 5— 2; Ctjrti!" &:
Son's McKlnley beat:R. E; do B. Lopez's Car
nvencita, ¦ B— 6; E ! B^ujfnelstOr'R , Warrior' beat
T. Harrington's .Mercy: -May; 9^l; GUs Aber4
crumble* Rock Island King beat Ji 1, O' Brian's
Statesman^ Ut— l2. . '•• '.."¦:.:..'•" ;'.:; '¦ ¦ :
Second. round— St. ¦ Michael beat- Sara, 3—2:
Pepltabeaf Controller, :9r-i:.' Motto a: fcye. Mlfs
Skyrocket withdrawn; H^t HaFl-^ beat Uncle
Fuller. 12— 0; i Mystic 1 Maid, beat .Hawker, t— 2;
Lottie M beat 'Ma«;ii*EJa;-:6— o-:--lvor»ret- tieat Mc-
Klnley, s—o; : Warrior, beat Rock Island: King,'
ii—«. . '¦"; ¦ • ¦': '. ¦•.-•"¦ •"•'¦ - : ': '¦¦ ."¦--.¦•' '¦• ¦:. '¦
Third round— Peplta-'beat St. ¦.ilichael,, 4^2:'
Motto beat Kot Haste. ";ll'r- 3; MyFtic Maid '^eat
Forget. 6—o; Lottie... M beat : .\V?irrl6r.. ; 6^5. '! .
Fourth round— Pepita:bea:t.M>'y-ti<i Maid, 8—7:;
Hot- : 'Haste beat Lottie. .M. 4'*— 3';i. ' .:'. -\ ¦' .': .
Final— Hot -Hartr beat Pepita. 12^4. : .'
Ingleside Coursirig.
Petroniu?: won .the. final . In. the open
stake yesterday at the ingleslde: coursing
park.i with Conqueror :as fiihner^up. i. A
good crowd was la attendance, the dajy's
results follow: / ¦ ; .'..-.''.¦''¦¦'.¦:'¦' \. '¦¦¦ '.-. ;. '¦
: Open, stake,: first tie-— jametf .I)»an'B'Con:n»t
mar a beat- ConneH Brothers'/ ; Mamie. ¦pleas.iiit.
&— «; J. O' Shea's "Golden Gate: tjeat Tj Jl' Cro
nbvk Depend; on Me,;. 5-^0; II. : - A. Deckelman's
Lawrence beat T.'J- Cfti.nin's Iron- l)uke.' «^-3.:
J. SeggenMm's Ooid HIII-. beat J. : Kogtiirig's
(names) peuipseyi Laps: E. D, Fall oils Lily
of the. West beat ¦'•James- Byrrirs" NeUfe'-B. 7:^2;:
J. Kerrigan's Conqueror. iwatTY RtppieTH-.pewjey;
6—o; 15. M. . Kellijge's. Sweet" Emma!;; beat i-F':.
Mr/ran.* Bit of Fashion.!?— . 6;; J...O.'Sh/;a';8, Young
Klrenzl beat ;James .lijrrtes' .ITatUeshii), M'->-.0;
Itu^sell,' Allen & Vi'-ilKOri's : Master Claire,: beat.
W. C, GJfc*son's Sleigh Bi-Iks, ii.-£;-'-Alall\ &
Newell's JConparell' beat^lli^A;-' pin^lma.n'aOld;
Gloi-JV lfM-*: Handy-&- Smith's iJVir.'inlus' b^Jit'
J. Byrnes' -'Olympus^-7 — »;¦ N..-O. "»VtiltlrJ(f - s St:
Anthony beat ; RuMe'll. : Allen lit- >yilsoh: * Miss
Penman. f>-^2; ; J : .:O:Sh.pa'p .Yoiinif Anie-rlea beat
D. Ford's Juanlta. .'7— .3; Coni.ell.Brothprs.' 'lJun-'.
more .treat P. McCabe'« Sky IMue. 2.H0;- Murphy
& Toland's Pl»asaht Girl beat R. E. de B. Lo
pez's Mike Davey. 26— S; A. Van den BurßlTa
American ' Eagle 'bent T. J. ' Cronln's. , Ro.Re r qf
Tralee. 12—4; James Dean's Gallant beat A.
Van den Burgh's Naushty Girl, .11— 5; .T. J.!
Cromn's Maid: of •'Ball >><-at. Fleming Brothers' '
Flarrie.' g— -5; RiiFJ=ell, Allen-. &• Wllsbhlß Daisy.
Claire beat' Wv C. Glasson'* Terronlte, 4—o: H:
11. Gray's Rona beat <J. Reldy's Bernlce, 5—2. ;
-.Serond Tles-rConnemara' beat Golden- Gate,
4— Or Lawre.nce beat Gold Hill. 3-^-0; Conqueror
beat Lily of the West;.'. 3 —2:' Young Flrenzl beat
Sweet Emma, 9—l: Master Claire beat -Nonpa
reil. 6—2:6 — 2: I'etronlus beat St. Anthony. S-— 6-
Young America beat Diinmorc, s—o:5 — 0: -American
Kaple: .beat Pleasant Girl. s—l; Gallant -beat.
Maid of Bail. B^-0; -Daisy Claire beat Ron a.: 6—l.
•Third ties— Connemara beat Lawrence, • 10 — 6;
Connueror beat Young Firenzl, — ; Petroniug.
beat. Master Claire. 4^-1; Young America beat
American Eagle; Da!lsy Claire beat -Gallant,'
¦ Fourth ties — Conqueror beat Cohnemara, 6—l;
Petn-'hluf: beat Young America, : ; . Daisy
Claire '«. bye,.. :-': -'
• Kifthtles^Coivigeror beat Daisy Claire, 4—l;
Petronius a tty.e. . .¦ " •• ' ¦ • .• ' . '?.'' V
•Flnal-^-Petronlus .beat' Conqueror, H— B. ;.' :
.The'-'draw . for" to-day's championship
etalte;lß as.follp¥/s> - ; -_ j\\ "A .
-X.-'J. -^rprirn'* Wild Tralee vs. James Banes'
file'verv'Sn'ot; -Handy &¦ Smith's Matcl''.. vs.. 11. ;A.
rieckerman>-nbck<i:"K.. M. KelloKK's I-Hummsr
vjT B. 'D: iraJlon's: lAty nt the-Wei-f^ Russelj,.
Viieh.i. Wllscm'i ?•*'?>' i?mpia r«. J." O'BHea'a'
VuuinglAmerJeAt'.CnrtneJl Brothers' St. Helen vs.
LCw.'t. Thon'ipson'B-.'l'rJnfe." Hal: Gohnell. Bn>
.t*>et« v Seiiorlta" vs.:- T'.> LcR-4'n.'B -Miss OMz/.le; SI.
MU-haLr-R'..!..<il.»nrhy- vs. Riilssell. AlleiJl * ' WII
son'B'CJrsca(to-Boy: TslX>: .Taylor's Btauty Spot
Ye. f 1 ;<IV- Mack*« Dclla'.il. ¦-.'¦".-' ' •.•'.'. ¦;
Risky Attempt Wins.
•:.BTOckTON.v pecA?l.'.— The- results at
Gbodwator Grove .tij^ay- were: ; " > ."
' Sunlieam' 'bea.C.Satrtells;!:- Sweet '. ftrlnr —beat
Honeymoon: .Htip<H -Overheat- Newfcojrj; Otlrton
Lasi -beat WtidvLassitf: .Arfla beat. Xhe ..DeVjl';
liowfly-- 'Hciy -t*>«t-. Kerry GOw/ liattlv Ax beat
MiCkeir.'.llu'cair.-'RlgM'.' Aeipl beat • iiaceaw^J":
.Sharkey bear ..Ttu> " Out; J'ttsky ¦ Attempt .beat
'Prlh.ce.-iof -Kashfon;. Random ; Aim '-Ix-hi ' I3a.b<?
3o'tv*&: ' ¦¦ForK«\t ' Me Not teat.. .Clack- U*i»f; ; Pajt
MaUoy-'-' tMiat-'l'eaceCul -Gtj;n: '.-Sarah: ftbld beat
Winning" jiarsie; St. Elnio J*at- Flush' of Clold;
Ha;«l is beat Malijen, ¦ - : '; '. • . •"•
F.lrtrlitfeK-T-.^.w.eet'iiriar beat 'Sunbeam;.- .Shoftt
Over ' bea-t Arno; t'.'lirip'n *Xj»in beat ". Rowdy
Boy; Klghf Arm beat Ra\Ue -Axl Risky At
tempt 'beat • Ffcarkey-; .Random Aim beat Forget
Me No<: Pat VMail.-vyv beat.. Sarah.. Gold; St.
Elmo beat. Ha'iel li.. : - ' :• , ••' ; -
Second tier— Shoot; Over. beat Swe*t. Briar:
Clifton Lass beat Eight Arm; Ri*lty Attempt
beat P*t Malloy; Random Aim beat. SC.-Efmo.
¦Third ' ties— R-isky Attelnpt beat Shoot j Over;
Clifton lam beat Random Aim. . ;• -
Final— Rl«=ky Attempt -b»Bt Clifton L&sa.
SANDBAGGED BY
TWO THUGS AND
ROBBED BY THEM
Ohling Was Attacked
Close to His
• Home.
Oakland .Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway. Dec. 31.
. Erick O. Ohling, a ship joiner residing
at 1014 Pine street. West Oakland, was
attacked by two desperate footpads near
his home after midnight this morning and
sandbagged and relieved of his watch
and chain, besides about Sl2 in coin. Mr.
Ohling had spent the evening with friends
iii San Francisco and returned from the
metropolis on the late boat. Before he
left the other side, however, Ohling
stopped In several water front saloons to
quaff a nightcap or two. It is supposed
that during an Interval of frivolity he
flashed some gold coin, which glittered In
the eyes of two unknown thugs, who sup
posedly followed' him acress the bay to
within a few steps of his home on Pine
street. .
Ohling noticed two pedestrians behind
him, but regarded them- a? nlso belated
Oaklanders. Suddenly he was struck on
the head with a sandbag ami felled to the
sidewalk unconscious. , The footpads
promptly searchi-d him and relieved him
of his valuables; The thugs then made
good their escape, -.leaving their x'ictlm
to care for himself. After regaining con
sciousness Ohling hurried to his home
and to-day reported the robbery to the
police. . . ;•' ' '• ¦ .'• ? ¦:
Chief Hodgkins has been investigating
the matter,', but thus far. has found no
clew. -It !s his opinion that the thugs
followed Qhltng over from San Francisco
on the last . boat. The injury Ohling re
ceived froni being struck on the head la
not serious. . .':-'-::' •¦ .'-. .-¦ .-V.- 1 ¦•. >
NO HOLIDAY FOR FOOTPADS
DEAF AND DUMB
WOMAN HELD UP
BY A FOOTPAD
Mrs. Cronin Robbed
on a Lonely
Road.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway. Dec. 31.
Footpads make no distinction in the se
lection of their victims, but the height of
the footpads' lowliness and cowardice was
illustrated last night when one of these
marauding gentry attacked a deaf mute
woman, named Mrs. Anna Cronln, who
resides with her aged husband near Rock
ridge Park. Mrs. Cronln returned from
San Francisco late with her basket load
ed down with Christmas goodies, and as
she was walking along the road between
Thermal Vale nursery and the Rookrldge
Park a man stepped out from behind a
bush and halted her. Being deaf and
dumb she could make no outcry and the
footpad quickly searched the woman, re
lieving her of about 70 cents In change
she carried In her pocket. He also took
with him her basket of purchases and
disappeared In the darkness.
A i r . s- £. ronln we °ded her way homeward
and In the language of the silent explained
everything to her husband, who is also
a deaf mute. To-day he reported the
robbery to Sheriff Rogers.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
BOOK FOR MEN FREE.
¦ Fc>r men who wieh to recover the strennth'
wasted by early mistakes, for men who
want rtronr n«r-e*. ambition and confl-
uence In thems"!\ «•. For BU^h men thf«
book is worth ll» w«.* t In gold, for It tells
how thousands of o:rr-r men have recovered
vln^r and manhood. It is full of grateful
trut.hr. which w'.l! appeal to every lover
of stront nuuaheod. Ask for It. Free.
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin,
702 Ktrket Bt., Cor. Kearcy. 8. T.
And cor. Pprtrc and S*«ond. Lo« Angeles.
7UPPER flat— 3 choice sunny rooms; pantry;
storeroom; $12. .2419 Clay et., near Fillmore.
BORROW money of the respectable an<l relia-
ble house or UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
RESIDENCE— 9 rooms; lot 27:6x127:8: $6000;
Clay, near Webster. GEO. "W. CHAPIN, 11
Montgomery st.
FOR sale— Cheap, new I-atory houses; 1 rooms;
latest improvements: Noe and Hill its.; near
Castro-it, cars; patent sidewalk; |
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements aad
subscriptions has been established at 1094 Va-
lencia St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at th«
northwest corner of Twenty-second &a 4 i£ea-
tucky ets.; open till » p. m.
DRESS pants, $2 75; fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery at.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planers.lathes.
Iron & wood: 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 139 Beale.
NEW style Singer sewing machine; S drawers;
oak; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
FLAT 4 sunny rooms, stable; rent $16. 1 Isls
st., near Twelfth and Folsom.
STRAIGHT bona fide bargain;- dependable,
splendidly located new modern house: roust
be told Immediately ; 9 sunny rooms; will be
aold very cheap. 171 Carl st.. Haight-st. cars,
transfer at Masonic aye. :
NEW cottages, houses and flats for sale on
Pierce and Waller ata., near Halght; over 30
houses sold in same block. Terms to ault by
F. NELSON, builder. . •
ELECTRIC light bath cabinet; 54 lights. Ad-
dress box 4194. Call office.
NEW No. E8 Majestic range, with steam table
and cooker. Address box 4193, Call office.
I"LUIGI RICCA" famous Italian mandolin at
a a bargain. Plaza Loan Office, 702 Kearny at.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hatß. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny at, nr. Pln«.
VAN NESS aye.. 308— Elegant suites, single
rooms and housekeeping suites; suitable for
doctor or dentist.
BORROW on planes, furniture, 'diamonds,
paintings; secrecy. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant m.r.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions haa been opened
at 1223 Polk st. ; open till »p. in.
FLATS TO LET.
A. M. SPECK & CO.", 667 Market St.
8 Willow ay.,6 r.516]1345 Howard, 6 r $19
1706 Mason. 5 r 10(2428 Geary. 6 r 20
2937 Calif.. 5 r 15(2328 Flllmore, 6 r 25
ELEGANT new flat; 6 rooms and bath; large
basement. 715 Grove st.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed list
you - get from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10
Montgomery at.
REAL ESTATE CITY^-FOR SALE.
•$3000 FOR an excellent northwest corner on
Dolores st.. 1 block from the proposed Park
Panhandle; worth at least $4500 to-day; see-
ing Is believing; Investigate this and be con-
vinced. Address Owner.
G. M. B. GRAY.
454 Ninth St.. Oakland.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician.
1071H Market St., San Francisco; exam. free.
BORROW money on diamonds and watches;
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
SALESMAN wanted— Am prepared to make ex-
traordinary inducements to two or three ex-
perienced successful subscription book sales-
men. For particulars address or call upon
after Monday. Manager, room 622, 927 Markpt.
RELIABLE man to drive wagon, solicit and
deliver orders at' the American Clothing Re-
novatory. Dyeing and Cleaning Works; small
capital required. Apply to GUS BENZOTT,
150 Eddy st. - ¦'
SHOEMAKER wanted; must be all around
man, capable of doing fine custom work;
steady situation. Address box 535. Call office.
800 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. between Ist and 2d sts.
SEAMEN and creen hands, for cruise south.
327 Pacific at.
MAN to handle new money-making store arti-
cle. Small capital. required. 320 Parrott bldg.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 112 First
street. ¦: .
ACTIVE .young man to drive laundry wagon
and solicit trade. Box 4195. Call office.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c to
50c. 562 Mission st:. ' between Ist and 2d sts.
SEAMEN, green bands and ordinary seamen.
at HERMAN'S. 26|Steuart st.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best In city. 406 McAllister.
HOWARD. 715— 200 sunny rooms: nicely fur-
nished; every convenience: electric lights.
HOWARD. 829— Clean, respectable; 25c-$l per
night: »l-$3 per week: Howard cars to door.
HOWARD. 1153— Newly furnished rooms: sin-
gle and double; front suite suitable for doctor
or dentist.
MASON. 213',»— Nicely furnlsJwd sunny room;
reasonable; quiet and homelike.
MINNA 667 corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week: transient.
NEW Arlington. 1015 Market— Nicely furnished;
33c day up; $3 week up: transient.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: electric lights; day. wk.. mo.
O'FARRELL. 504— Furnished suite; sunny rea-
aonable; to rentlemen. _
PERRY, 3* — Newly furnlahed sunny front room
for gentleman; also single; private family.
ROYAL House, 12« Ellis St.— lncandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles* par-
¦lor- rooms, per night, 35c to $1 SO; week, $2 to
$s : month. $3 to $30; elevator on office floor:
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Klgbth st.
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A good rooming house.
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
TWENTY-FIRST. 32M. nr. Mission— Furnished
front bay-window room; gas and bath.
VALENCIA, 534H— Single or double furnished
. rooms; reasonable.
AT less than cost: uncalled-for suits and
trousers to be sold at Charles Lyons', the
London Tailor, 721 Market st.
In the History Building.
FOR SALE— One choice fresh family cow; Jer-
sey and Durham. Inquire 3578 Mission st. ;
ELEGANT fawn beaver cape; silk lined; latest
model; bargain; $50. Room 11, 1421 Market st.
NEW arid second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1832 Market st.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1830 Market st.
$20— 12-GAUGE Henry Tolley breech-lbadlns;
gun; originally $1CO; almost new. 921 Capp.
COLEMAN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools,
carpets, old gold; send for him. 506 Kearny,
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market., bet. 7th and Bth.
BEST price for cast-off clothing and bric-a-
brac. H. MARKS. 209 Third st. ; Bend postal.
HIRSUTINE CO.. hair specialists, grow hair
or no pay: book for stamp. 6 Eddy st.
WANTED— OId gold for manufg. O. NOLTE,
Jeweler, S4S O'Farrell. bet Powell and Mason
STAMMERING corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. A. M.. Ph.D.. 1315 Linden. Oakland.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore ts.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions bas been established at 1096 Va-
lencia et.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions haa been opened
at 1223 Polk st.: open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. : open till 9 n. m.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-102S Mission
at., above Sixth, v•; -,"
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission at.
1 H. B. SMITH 4-sided sticker; 1 Goodell A
Waters planer & matcher. 24x6; 1 air com-
pressor; 1 band saw; 5 locomotives; 3 strs.
220 Fremont St.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free Employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
"W \NTED— Steady man to assist in light out-
door work: will pay $16 per week; must have
$100. 1016 Market st.. room ID.
EXPERIENCED young man on glove work;
pood opening right party. Excelsior Glove
Co.. 413 Market st. j
"WANTED— Strong, active boy, 15 years old. Ap-
ply S. N. WOOD & CO., 718 Market st.
"WANTED— A hall boy at the Waldorf, 309
Powell st.
DISHWASHER wanted. Rosemont Restaurant.
506 Howard st.
WANTED— A baker on bread and cakes; wages
$30 a month; board and room. 115 Oak st:
WANTED— First-class operator on custom
coats. 106 Battery st.
PERSONALS.
LEDERER'S Qulntonica prevents the hair fall-
ing out. makes It look like satin, 35c bottle:
Lederer's Foamo Shampoo, sc:pkg.: pkg. 123 Stocktn.
LEDERER on TUESDAY oiily will sell all $1
switches at !0c; halrdresslngi 25c; restored to
Its natural color. $1 50 t0 "45, with Schefller'i
Colorine; 75c box. 123 Stockton st. :
GENTLEMAN would like position as book-
k«-per or office work; graduate Heald's; fair
telegraph operator; references. F. E.. 424 EUls.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law, ";.- and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Laws a SDeclalty
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market; 100 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
tumers; make-up and wigs; country orders so-
licited. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Market st.
GOLDEN Gate Oyßter and Chop House: oysters
any style. DAMITRES BAROSIS. 27 Ninth.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
lng call on B. COHEN. 157 Third st.
HAIGHT, ICO— Newly furnished sunny rooma.
suitable for 1 or 1 gentlemen.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming bouse; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HARRISON, 784 H. near Fourth— Finely furnish-
ed rooms; bath; all the latest Improvements;
homelike; $1 week up.
GRANT aye., 217, opp. Samuels' lace house— Ea
suite or single: very reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast cor. Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading room: elevator.
GEARY, 403— Three nicety furnished rooms for
man and wife: SIS. .
Dtt. POPPER, ladles" physician for 37 years;
call on a physician with man's knowledge;
cure $5; consultation free. 31S Kearny st.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 122S Market; ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated; late eclen-
• tine methods; cure guaranteed; treatment' si.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market St.; hours 10
a. m. to 5 p. m. ; at residence. 22S Van Ness
aye., 6 to 9p. m. ; guaranteed treatment, $5.
MBS. DR. GWYER, 810 Eddy St.. bet. Hyde
and Larkln: hours. 10 to 12, 2 to 4 and 7 to 8.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist, 1118 Market
st : every case guaranteed; $5 up.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases nf the human body. 115 Mason st.
POSITION as steward or manager of hotel or
restaurant; 23 years' experience; Al refer-
ence. ' Address box 4527, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man wishes position to run
elevator; best references. Box 4533, Call.
GOOD cook wants situation; city or country.
&15 McAllister St.; entrance Ash aye. .
YOUNG man of good habits wants employ-
ment. Box 4524, Call.
YOUNG man wishes situation; good coachman;
will do any work; good references. Box 1572,
Call office. •-¦ : - •
YOUNG man would like a position In some
electrical works to learn trade; small wages
to commence. H. FORBES, 1188 Sherman Bt.,
Alaroeda.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialist,
formerly of 401 Van Ness aye., 1362 Market
has returned from Europe with Improved
methods and advanced knowledge; cure at
office, $5; warranted; 15 years' successful prac-
tice in S. F. Office, 118 Eddy st.. near Mason.
PRIVATE confinement home; sunny rooms;
best of care; nice garden: medicated steam
baths for ladles. DR. and MRS. WEGENER.
phone Pine 2751; res.. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
BOHEMIA, 333 Post. cor. Stockton— Single and
cor. sunny suites for gentleman and families;
spec, rates tourists; elevator: all convenience.
BURNETT. 14*6 Market st. (old No. «M>— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON. 12C« Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye. — Sunny corner: well furn.; rms. A offices.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
EDDY. 510, bet. Hyde and Larkln— Ntee sonny
rooms from $S to $13 a month; to gentlemea
only.
ELLIS, 633. corner Larkln— Sunny bay-window;
mantel; double folding-bed: Wellsbach burner.
FULTON, 21S— 1 or more suites of front sunny
rooms; gas stove; running water; $18 or $18.
GEABY, 405 (The Navarre>— Elegantly furnlah-
ed rooms, en suite or single. MRS. H. HTER.
GIRARD House. 192 Seventh — Sunny furnished
rooms; day or week: reasonable.
GOUGH. 706—2 sunny rooms, both connecting:
running water and place for stove; rent rea-
sonable.
BARGAIN— Nice upright piano; only $60 cash;
sold for storage. 1710 Market st.
OUR pianos have arrived; rented $3 per month.
Scott-Curtaz Piano Co.. E6O Hayes at.
W. B. BADGER. 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
AUSTIN aye., 102. near Pol* st.— La.-»e sunny
front room; furnished.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
RELIABLE man. understanding citrus, de-
ciduous and ornamental trees, horses, garden,
wants to care for home place; private family;
references. Address A. L. 8., 641 Bush st.
BARKEEPER; sober, reliable; good mixer;
best of city references; would like position.
Address box 4539, Call office.
PHOTO neg-. retoucher, first class, wants posi-
tion. GUHTAV CORS, 265^ Natoma. S F.
BORROW money on diamonds and watches;
low Interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
PAINTER, paperhanger and decorative tlnter;
first-class, quick young man; up-to-date me-
chanic; best city references: will work at re-
duced ratc3 January and February; city or
country; day or contract. Box 4192, Call.
SITUATION wanted by practical gardener and
florist In all Us branches In private place;
first-class references: able and willing to
work. Address box 45?5, Call.
MRS DR KOHL, the only reliable ladles' phy.
stclan and specialist of long and successful
¦practice; private home for patients before and
during confinement; best of care; guaranteed
treatment at office, $5: consultation free.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St., between
Mason and Taylor; hours, 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable ladies' physician
and specialists; home for patients In confine-
ment or with chronic diseases; best care;
guaranteed treatment at office, $5; consulta-
tion free. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Lar-
kln: hours 10 to 5. 7 to 8.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; haa prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands
of cases successfully ; treatment can be used
at home; consultation free; success guaran-
teed. Write or call at 1023% Market st.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern aenrlce; elevator;
bath; rooms 50c to $1 60 day. J. KING.
HOTEL BAKERY OTHER DEPTS.
14 cooks, good Jobs
$45. }35. $40, *30, $25 and found
T waiters and boys..{SS. $30, $25. $20. $15 and f*.
Short-order lunch counter cook, city . ..
$35 and fsund
Walter, lunch counter $25 and .found
2 tirßt hands. 3 third hands and 3 boys to
learn baker's trade.. s33, $30. $23. $15 and found
Boys for butchers and other stores. {15 and fd.
Lauhdrymen, country laundry. Tray machine
$35 and found
2 piano players; lots of Jobs not advertised
OPEN 7 A. M MURRAY & READY.
MONDAY. Jan. 1 634 and 636 Clay St.
LOOK HERE 1
14 laborers, fare $1 $2 to $2 75 day
12 laborers, city, steady Job $30 and found
9 laborers, fare 25c $45 50
12 teamsters, 4 horses, fare, $1 — $34 and found
11 teamsters, 2 horses, fare 60c. 526 and found
25 scraper teamsters, call early $2 day
6 scrai>er holders $26 and found
COME AND MURRAY & READY.
SEE US 634 and 636 Clay st.
TO THE GREAT WOODS
IS7 woodchoppers, tlemakers, picket and post
makers, shlngrle bolts, etc., $2, $1 50, $1. 75c
cord tools and food on some Jobs found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
i CARPENTERS, rough work, fare $1;. $2 25 to
$3 daiv MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636
Clay st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 GEARY ST.
Teamsters, scraper holders and dump men
for the coast road, free fare, ship Tuesday:
rock men and laborers for - a quarry, $2 |S0 a
day; rock men and laborers for the "White
Pass and Yukon . Railroad, Alaska; milker,
country $25: all-round laundryman, country,
$35. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 G^ary st.
i WANTED
Barber and assistant attendant for Institu-
tion short distance In country, must be young
roan salary $25 per month, with board, lodg-
ing 'and washing; references required. W.
D EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
BARBERS* home, 1205 Market St.. corner
ElKhth— Only legally authorized employment
office on the Pacific Coast; barbers' bosses
supplied with first-class help; charges reason-
able- country employers must pay transpor-
tation of men; send stamp for reply: barber
shops tr»r sale. WM. HABERKCIIT. Mgr.
BARBER'S Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy.. 630 Market, downstairs.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia bt.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions haa been opened
at 1223 Polk st.: open until 9 p. m.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and I'nlorn.
•25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to Jo per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
ALL makes for a short time only.
$4, $4. $4, $4, $4, $4 per month.
2 Chlckerings, 2 Stelnways. 1 Vose A Sons and
60 other slightly used high and medium grade
pianos; special discounts for cash.
HEINE PIANO MFO. CO.. 136 Ellis St.
AGENTS— Conover pianos, the artists' favorite;
musicians invited to call and critically exam-
ine and make comparisons. Spencer Piano
House. ISIS Market st. ; send for catalogues.
LARGE itock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos; prices reduced to Insure prompt sales.
W. C. HAMILTON. 824 Post st.
FINE Fischer & Stelnway upright: sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary at.
ON the 24th— Fox terrier slut; black spot on
head; has pups. Return to 142S Turk; reward.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
1 and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of SAMUEL H. JAMISON. No. 237-250.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of EMMA A. BOLLIER, No. 170-640.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Diamond ring: in small purse. Reward
at 1205 Stockton st.
BORROW on diamonds and Jewels: polite at-
tention. UNCLE HARRIS, li Grant aye.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 223) Flllmore at.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109« Va-
lencia at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northweat corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tuckr st*. : open till * t>. m.
GIRL wants to take care of children and do
plain Hewing. Addresa box 4808, Cajl office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $150 to $6
•week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; open till 9 p. m.
LOST Heart-shaped locket containing two plo-
tures; reward. 42S California st. . .¦'..-.-: • .'-----
MURRAY & READY. PHONE MAIN 584S
Leading Employment and Labor Asents.
WANT MONDAY, 7 A. M
32 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for all
parts of California. $26. $25. $20 and found
15 pruners, orchards and vineyards
$26 and $20 and found
12 men to burn brush, etc.. fare $1..520 and fd.
8 choremen and boys for farms, etc
$20 and $10 and found
3 milkers; young man for blacksmith shop...
2 buttermakers, separators $30 and found
Choreman and wife for farm $40 and found
German farmer and wife, vineyard, $30 and fd.
9 laborers for a ranch, no teaming.. s2o and fd.
3 teamsters, two horses, city J0b.. 526 and fd.
Gardener, cabinetmaker, stablemen and boys.
MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
LOST AXD FOUND.
LOST— Foxterrter dog, near Merchants' Ex-
change. Saturday morning. JULES, 315 Pine
Bt. ; reward. ¦ ;--i-.?>
FIRST-CLAPS cook, is able to manage a big
business, clean and economical In every way,
desires to go Into the country; good home an
object more than wages. Apply at 13G5A Sac-
ramento ct., San Francisco, In basement.
GOOD washer and Iror.er wants work to do at
home. 515 McAllister st. ; entrance Ash aye.
EASTERN lady desires position as housekeeper
In small family: widower preferred. Addresa
MISS ANNA SUMMERS, general delivery,
Oakland.
O'FARRELL, 1027— Front suite; housekeeping
privileges; use of piano; al3o single room.
PERRY. 166—2 furnished housekeeping rooms;
convenient.
VALENCIA. 1232— Tw0 nicely furnished rooma:
light housekeeping: no children; reasonable
terma to right party.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
WANTED —10 woodchoppers. $1 25 cord,
see boss here to-day; German farmer and
wife, $30; stable boy, $15 and found: cooks,
waiters, country hotel- JL'O and $25; shop
bakers, $45 and $50; night cook, restaurant,
$12 week; steward, $13 week; restaurant ba-
ker $17 week; dishwashers and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
1900 1900
GOOD MORNING ..'
MURRAY & READY WISHES EVERYBODY
A HAPPY NEW YEAR
MAY HEALTH. WEALTH AND HAPPI-
NESS BE THINE."
$45— SUNNY house, 10 rooms, bath, storeroom.
et<:. 2528 Washington st.. near Alta Plaza.
BORROW on diamonds end jewels: polite at-
tention. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
OAK 119— Sunny front room, gas furnished,
complete for light housekeeping; $5^
HOUSE hunting made ««£ with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery et. •
MCALLISTER. BTO— Private family: newly fur-
nished sunny front room for gentleman.
MINNA, 2S— Sunny furnished housekeeping and
single rooms.
HOUSES TO" LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BUSH. 1224— Sunny house of 9 rooms and bath;
wat?r free; large yard; rent $37 60.
GREENWICH and Buchanan sts. ; 6-room new
modern house, $25, or will sell $500 down, bal-
ance like rent. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646
Market st. '.''-' '- ' ' '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED — FEMALE.
MIDDLE-AGED lady, eood cook, kind to
children wishes position as housekeeper; city
or country. Call 6S-76 Elllis at., r. 13L 1 to 3.
GEIIMAN Birl wants position In private fam-
ily; good cook and general housework. Ad-
dress New Golden Gate Hotel, 134. Fourth st.
AN experienced and competent German woman
cook wishes a position In hotel or boardins-
house. ; 1021 Howard st.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
$26*f— New building; near Chronicle.
$i.i)o— Clean furniture and paying well.
$2000—30 rooms; cheap rent; downtown.
j.-,(Vt — Geary s«t., near Jones; rent $50.
$2S(X.>— Near Olympic Club; 30 rooms.
$10O>— Near I'holan Fountain; 21 rms.; rent |80.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
EMI'LOYMEXT OFFICES.
ORPHEI'M Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
FIELD'S Employment Agency— Help furnished
free. 655 Clay Bt. ; phone Davis 821.
JAPANESE Information bureau: Japanese and
Chinese help. 421 Post; phone Main 1956.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414H O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
. help GEO. OAKI. 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grant 36.
HOUSES — LODGING FOR SALE.
R. H. WINSTON & CO., 1026 Market st.
RELIABLE BROKERS ;
30 rooms; new ho^use; new furniture I2OCO
44 rooms; corner; part cash; rent $125...... 2000
B4 rooms; corner: part cash 3900
34 rooms; part cash; corner "• 1250
33 rooms; corner; rent $125; elegant 2000
33 rooms; piano: elegant, 850
17 rooms; rent $30; pickup ¦ 625
$800—180 ACRES rich level land; Merced Coun-
ty, 4 miles from R. R. station: all sowed to
wheat: house, barn, etc.. In good condition:
a snap for Immediate cash sale. C V.
MOORE, 935 Market St.. room «.:...:
FINEST general ranch in California to b«
given away on account of foreclosure. . B««
CLARK & CO.. 509 Hearst building.'.-... -:. .
FOR gale or exchange for Improved San Fran-
rlaeco property, fruit ranch 103 acres; value
tSOOO; Address H. F. SPEITZEN. Watsonvllle.
13^ ACRES— Must be sold: 2 miles from Santa
•••"Clara: 10-room house; J wells; all In orchard.
.• .9 Oeary at., room 15.'. .-•''- ; - • '¦'• ;-...;¦' ' '. ."¦ \.
BrSINnfS OFFICE cf the Ban Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
cntH 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgom -Tf street,
corner Clay; open until »:S0 p. m.
!sno Hayes etreet; open until 9:30 p. ra. :
<3S McAllister street; open until 8:80 p. m.
fIS Lai kin ftreet; open until 8:30 p. m.
>?41 Miffr"" street; open BBiO 10 P. ™-
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
cntll ? p- m.
c ; :n6 Eleventh street; open until > p. m.
30?6 Valencia street: open until S p. m.
;CC* Potk street; or>en until 8 p. m-
Jforthwest corner of Twenty-eecond and Ken-
tucky streets: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE O.mmar.dory No. 16. K.
T Goldca Oate building. 63 Sutter at. ¦jga s
—Stated assembly THI? (MONDAY) t£s
EVENING at S o'clock. Ladies' recep- ttil
tion at 8 o'clock CAMpnELU Em
w:.I. T. FONDA, Recorder.
AN FRANCISCO Chapter No. L ?^»fV
>rch Masons, meets THIS EVENING
Business only. ',
OCCIDENTAL I>^ee No. 22. F. 4 : A- M. ft
-THLS .MONDAY) EVENING. *<¦ Jf\m
7:30 o'ckK-k. Ftated meeting. By order
J\-AL,TEKO. ANDERSON, Secy.
lERMANN L-rflce So. 127, F. f- A. M.— B
Stawd meeting THIS KAY (MO.\- J6L
DAY). January 1. IS-* at 7:39 p. m. XX
B y order of U* MACHER , gjg^
EXOELFIOR Lodge No. 166, F. &A. M. •
—Special iTM-eilng TUESDAY. Jan. 2.
ait 1:30 ». m. for the purpose of con sK^\
ductine the funeral of our deceased ' •
lJrother. WILLIAM JAKES MITCHELL,
Friends are respectfully invited. By or4er of
the W. M. TbuMAS E. SMITH, Secy.
PIONEERS— The regular
ment...y meeting of the £§&&7S£ji£x^
t' •"> ' : California ZsB%Kffii&B§B£*!M
i nwn ¦¦•;¦ '¦¦¦ held
01 MONDAY Jan :. A 5^ 1 &3 s <en
1930, at 7:30 o'clock p.m. j^jr jj^Jr M
L. W. MOORE, Esu.. ' ?
will afidrefs the members. A full attendance
la requested. J. L' SPKAB.' SeCTtary.n
£T ANDREWS c oc j«.ty— Members v C£ >^
are requested to attend the funeral A {&JJ
7f ourlaie member. MR. JOHN B.
MUIRHFAD st 1 li. m.. Tt-"ES-
i.AY Jar £ from BcottS H.MI. 117 Larkia
etreei WILLIAM 15ALNAVES. President.
A. R. PATTERSON. Secretary^
6T\ ANDREWS Society— Member* v X 7 >.«
are requested to atiersti the funeral QfyJ
of our late life-nv-niber. MR. JO- "t^X£&
f HI'H G. WALL, at 2 o clock p. m..
TUESDAY. Jan. 2. from hiu late reiluence,
I£3€ t-anta Clara aye.. Alameda.
WILLIAM HAIA.UKS, President.
A. R. PATTERSON." Secretary.
OFFICERS and members of the Cale- v O" >^
Ji.ni.in riub are t^eialiy r-tj-jested 3V, €»>•>
to attend the funeral of cur late
<*ste«>ir.ed clansman. JOHN B.
MI'IP.HKAP f .r«ra Scottish Hall. l f '7 Larkia
ANDREW aicXAIR. Secretary.
DIVISION No. 2. A. O. H.— Tly re^u-^sa-rt
lar monthly meeting of this 1 division \. . I
will t«? iield at li'.U-rnia Hail. .W.-R^V
Ninth st. on TL'KSI >A Y. Jan. 2.-»OO.CCWg
at 7:20 r- ra. quarterly riieytlrii?. »T» ¦
Fines for non-attendance strictly- enforced.
BARTLY LEE) Prwident. ..
T. L. CLANCY. Secretary^ W-
' ANNUAL m«-etinp— Spring Valley Water Works
—The annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Spring: Vall«-y Water Works wi!l be h*-!d
et the ofnee of the company. U'6 Stockton Ft.,
han Francisco. Cal.. at 12 o'clock m. on
WEDNESDAY, the ICth day of January. ISM.
to el^t truste*-K to serve for the ensuing year
»rd for the iransHoiScn of such othpr busi-
ness as may cumn riefore the me-tinc.
PELHAM W. AMES. Secretary. '
CTOCK H< 'LI >E~RS" meeting— The annual meet-
Ir.sr of the Etockholdere of the California Dry
liock Company will he held at the office of
the company. No. SO2 California street. San j
Francisco. Cal., en MONDAY. January S.
1900 at 31 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose cf :
electing a board ht directors to serve for the ¦
mmlng year and for the transaction cf such
other business as nay rT^P^rU- come before-
th" meeting. W. F. nfPSELL. Secretary.
O'flce No 3"J fali'orr.'.a ft., room 3. San !
Francisco. Cal.. December 24. IS??. |
ANNUAL meeting— Th» regular annual meet-
ins of the (=tookhi>ii".ers of the Wittram Pro-
r*>ner Company «rfM bo held at their office, i
E?7 Market Ft.. San Francisco. California, on ]
MONDAY, the fishth day of January. 1900. ]
at the hour of 2 v. m.. for the purpose of I
*I«-ctlnR a board of directors' to serve for the 1
erssuirp ynr, and th» transaction of such
other business as may come before the me»?t-
irV CHARLES A. HUG. Sec.
Office. K7 Market ft.. San Francisco. Cali-
.- Torr'.a.
•THE annunl meeting of the stockholders of
The Nevada National Kar.k cf Fan Francisco.
01., will 1* held st its banking housf, 301
Montgomery Ft., Pan Francisco. Cal.. on
TUESDAY. January 8. I*o9. at 3:ID o'clock
p. m.. for the election of directors to serve for
tr>» ensuinp y<*ar. and the transaction of such
other business &£ rosy come before th<? meet-
ing. OEO. GRANT. Secretary.
San Fran'-iFCO. December 9. 1899.
ANNUAL nje<tir:g— The REGULAR ANNTAL
METTINO of the *tookhol<ler»= of the Pajaro
Vall»y Consolidated Railroad Co. ¦will I* held
t>\ thi office of th* Company. 357 Market st..
Fan Francisco. Cal . on MONDAY, th" V,:U
<lay of January. V) 99. at the hour of 11:15
o'clock a. m.. "for the purpose of e!e--tine a.
b'*r(! of directors to serve for the
year and the transaction of such other busl-
~T>»s* a* nmy come before the meeting. TranF-
f-r books trtU olose on FRIDAY. January 12.
' r<oo at 3 o'clock r. m.
W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
IVIRROTV on diamond*: secrecy; crivate en-
trance; private rr.ig. T*n-Me H:;tjs. 1." r.rar.t.
"attorxevs at law.
ADVICE free: R- "W. KINO, room I. flr=t floor,
O!iT->r.icl«- building: no advance charges: all
cane«; estates, mortcaces. damages, collec-
tions": bankruptcy: wills, etc.. drawn; mo<Jer-
ete f<=*s: call or write.
aTvVICE free; divorce law a specially; private;
no fe-f ¦without su-vet*; collections. O. W.
HOWF fctty at law. S.V) Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free; no chfirpe unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. SC7 Market St.. opp. Mason.
p" ii MERSCIJACH. attorney at law. has re-
rumed practice et Xl Cal. St.. Clur.ie t\Zg.
L. P. CLARK. Emma Spreck«-ls WJg.. SJ7 Mar-
Icet ft.: consultation free: no fees in advance.
BOARD AXD ROOMS.
A^TiTe NORMANDIE, 226 Edly— Newly fur-
nished throughout: thoroughly renovated ar.d
papered; sunny suites and single rooms; hot
t>l«- hoarders accommodated: exivllent table;
will be re ady to receive euests January 1. .
jrpOY I:3— T'nSted States Hotel; rooms tl 50
vi ek up -wi'h board JS 50; rulte for two with
tx-ard. Sl2; boar*., tl week; meals, 25c; ele-
vator runs all nlsht. •¦
HOTEL FAIRMOITNT. 1714 Market — Elegant
new furniture; first-class in every respect;
tsble uns-jrpes'"''': hot and cold water: ele-
vator; suites, with board fcr t, $50 month up.
jfITW family hotel; nrst-Hass In all appolnt-
mfr.ts; excellent table. W7 California st.. oc-
cupying corner oprxrelte Grace :Church. : . . ..-
JTICELY furnished room with board; home
oook'.nir: private family: Rer.tleman preferred.
Address b0x.,743. Call office. ¦ ? . ... .
ST.'NNY newly furnished roomc. with board,
for ladies, from $17 up; referencea. Box-US^,
Call. '_ . ¦' . ¦- - - '¦' ¦ '
'••HKLCRAVIA HOTEL." Polk and Clay— Sun-
ny euUes; best beard; for 2. *45 up: single, S2O.
LAS PALMAS.IS2O Market «,— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private: bath; sin. rrr.s: board optional.
OTAP.P.KI.L. 742— Clean, oomfortable rooms;
eood tabl- board; term* to holiday: transients.
DORROW on ; clanos. furniture, diamonds,
jiaintints: afccrecT." Uncle Harris. 15 Grant.
CHEAPEST and b<»st in America— Ttie. Weekly
ra'A. 16 rapes, s.ont to any address in the
Unite'i States or Canada one. year for tl,
r^stHE-e paii. ¦ -.
BOARD AMI ROOMS WASTED.
KIRST-CLAPS room and board wanted; no ob-
jection If part or the 'whole in exchange for
vocal and piano lessons; by leading: elnging
teacher <vf San Fra-ncieco. whose of flee is la
central location. .Box 1710. Call office.
ANY amount to loan you on diamonds: low ln-
ter«»st. DiqE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
BOARDISG FOR CHILDHKX.
MARRIED couple In Frultvale. without chil-
dren; good home; best care; (rood reference*
riven slid required. Apply 207 Montgomery
Bvi>., care New Atlantic Hotel.
¦WJIWW. has ft nlc*"hdm««, wants a small child
to board; nood home; bf»t. care. 36$ Fell st.
"EXCELLENT home for little child: American
*¦ family; g-ood references. Call 254 Fifth St. .
CHILDREN boarfled: bert care and lowest
terms. , Box 9. . Fraltvsle P. O.
BOOKS XBW AXD OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS boiistjt ej>& exchar.ir.ed.
Hrilirn»» TVipk Co.. TM Mission »t.. near Third.
IJOOTS AND . SHOES. •
6PCOlAl*— Ladies' fine white bride sandals
ir-ench heels'): special price, only SI a pair.
PSSOPLETB SHOE STORE. "Cheapest of
Them AU." l£o3 Stpcktoa ct,, or. Broaavnor,
CORNER crocery; a snap: cause, party has
paralysis. COWING & CO.. 595 Market st.
CANDY and ice cream parlor; must cell at
once. COWING & CO.. 935 Market st.
PARTNER wanted— s3oo. half cash, in one of
the finest corner saloons In city, with side
entrance and wine rooms; low rent; receipts
$1S to J25 ocr day: fixtures first clasa. Pa-
cific Exchange, 1016 Market st.
$750— CORNER saloon and lodging house- bar-
train ; on account of departure. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO.. 77"ii Market et.
$2500— WELL established gToeery and liquor
business or. a principal business street; net
profits $200 t*r month; no Sunday work; run
by tJresent owner 9 years; no agents need
«l>PPly. box 1760. Call.
CHOICE business for sale at a bargain; a
beautiful assortment of opals and Mexican
antique curios. Address box 4519, Call.
NICE store, suitable for any business. 128
O'Farrcli. opp. Orpheum; apply 15 Grant aye.
DELICACY store; centrally located: paying
Itood profits: cheap rent; well established; will
sell at a low tijrure for rash If bought Imme-
diately. M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market, nr. Call.
TO rent or will sell on account sickness,
butchershop with 2 horses and 2 wagons; shop
in good location and doing: good business;
rent reasonable. Inquire Call office.
jr(^ l _f > vjiiLY hotel of 13 well furnished rooms;
rvnt only 110 per month; with lease; located
in tov.-n in U-ike County; must cell at once.
C F. MOORE, ICS Market Rt, room 6.
OLD «-stab!lshM cigar store; will sell quick
' account of old a#e; rare chance. E. E.
DUNCE. SOS Broadway, Oakland.^
WANTED— Experienced party from Cape Nome
wants vessel; will furnish cargo on Joint ac-
count. Box 4522. Call^
PARTY with small capital to engage In busi-
ness; Investigate. Room 7. Flood building.
PAPER route for sale; choice location; good
ir. vestment; price $3750. Box 4SS3. Call.
6THAM laundry plant; doing good business.
G. W. LOVIE, Redwood City. Cal.
i LIQUOR store, including building «nd lease;
with or without stock. Apply to Owner, 220
East rt. ' ' •¦ -. :
SALOON with rooms: barjraln; on account of
j departure. Inquire 1069 Mission st.
j RESTAURANT for sale; J living rooms. Apply
C^-i Natoma »t.
DRUGSTORE— BeIow Invoice: must sell before
January li>; good reason. Railroad aye. and
Park St., Alamoda.
SALOON, old-established corner, at a bargain:
side entrance to cafe: departure cause of
rale. C 22 Market St., room 6.
! COFFEE am! tea routes supplied from GEO.
I . W. CAS WELL & CO.'S. 412 Sacramento at.
! SHOP for painter, plumber, carpenter: rent
and l more In work WM. HENDRICKSON
&• CO.. Cl 4 Call building.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1222 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
! A BRANCH ofnee for Call advertisements and
! ru!)scriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia it, . "
j A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been «-stablished at the
northwest -corner nf Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky e ts. : ope" until 9 p. ra.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
EAKEKY. also laundry wagon; fine top buggy,
' almost new; bus. 'buggy, new; bus. wagons,
new. suitable dry goods stores. 82S Harrison.
NKWandid-hand wa(?o&s.bu^ffles,carts and har-
ness, wk & driving borsjaa. K/th &. Valencia.
ALL kinds of W3g<jns. bupsies. carts, harness,
etc.. cheap.. EGAX & SON.. 2117 Mission st.
IPO SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
tvufrirles, surreys an>l horses. 1140 Folsom Bt.
CAHPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
\ThEN you bt-rome disgusted with poor work
tend- to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Work*;. 353-357 Tehama St. ; tel. S. 40.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
ft.; cleaning. 3c per yard: tel. . Mission 74. '.
CITY Fteam Carpet Beating Works: ¦¦ G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 3S-40 Bth St.; tel. South 250.
J. McQCEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson St.: tel. South 228; lowest rates.
ADVANCE <"arpet Cleaning Co.. 4C2 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 254. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
KTItATTONS. 3 Eighth Bt.; tel. Jessie 944.
CON KLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.: telephone East IK.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Acent Office and factory. 21 Ppear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS f AXP SPIRITUALISM.
MKS. DR. CLARK.
the well-known trance medium, may be con-
sulted on all affairs of life. While entranced
she reveals every hidden mystery; she will
show you how to overcome your enemies; re-
move "farr.ily troubles: restore lost affections;
unite the separated; recovers lost or stolen
property: locates minerals; tells your entire
life, while in a perfect trance; satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; send stamp for circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
205 Turk st., nr. Jones. Home Sun. and eves.
A— PROFESSOR MAY
ALWAYS SEE THE BEST
123 TURK STREET.
He excites the wonder and admiration of. the
most skeptical: gives ndvice on love, business
and domestic trouble; unites the separated and
res-tores lost affer-tion; if in doubt, trouble or
adversity call on this gifted medium and he will
h'-!p you; mediums developed in from 3 to 6
months- ; letters containing three questions and
Jl answered; hours. 9 to S; Sunday, 10 to 2.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; best advice in difficult mat-
ters. 8 Hayes St.. room 7, second floor.
MKS. J. J. WHITNEY, 11<>4 Market St.. trance,
test medium: life reader and medical clair-
voyant: treats all diseases; sittineK $1.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 7S Fourth St.. near Mission.
MRS? WINCHESTER. 1610 Clay-Circle to-
night. 8; Tuesday, Z p. m. ; consultation dally.
MMX. 7.EREDA of 5 Seventh st. is the original
KJ'psy life reader; readings, 25c. !*•...-
TOUR future told by cards, 25c. 944 Howard
Ft.. 10 a. m. to 10 p. m. . ¦: '
\ Mi!E. HANSON, pa'.mlstry. 10c: card reader;
\met. iiresfr.t, future, 25c. US Sixth Ft., r. 12.
EDWARD EARLE. Independent slate writer.
330 Ellis st.; circle Sun. and Wed. evenings.
MMX. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tings dally. 212V4 Sixth st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
' palmiEtry. 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MISS MULVILLE. great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 921H Mission.op Mint.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advic<-;. names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYHILLE— CradIe to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 2.'c: ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
. COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room' 3lo, 527 Market at.
1 ...COTTAGES TO LET.
ARMY, 3624, near Guerrero— Sunny cottage, 5
. rooms,- bath, basement and yard.
~~' DENTISTS.
A-DR- T? s" HIGGINS' dentar~parlors! 927
Market st., over Cafe Zinkand— Teeth extract-
¦. t-d with'jut pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform: also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work 'at reasonable prices; pure gold fillines
from $1 up: other fillings from 50c: badly de-
ca>ed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 50 up; open evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anaesthetic for 'painless dentistry —
Synol, on application to the gums, removes
' the pain; see our flesh-colored plates; thinner
.". and stronger than rubber; warranted for 20
ye&re: crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings. &0c; crowns. $3 50; plates,
full set. $5; . all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth at.
AT th* ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$2 19 up; plates, ¦ extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
Hoe hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9to 2
p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st-Texr
' tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
OH. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., near
.Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM-Palnless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 19 years: lowest prices; 10 oper-
ators; no students. 9'j7 Market St.
PARI6 Dental Parlors, 215 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, {4; crowns, $3; fillings. 2oc
LOWEST prices In S. F.; work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
Guaranteed dentistry. $1 per week; refer to 6000
city patients. Esmond Dental Parlors, 43 Sth.
6ET of teeth without plate. DR. IE gT
YOUNQ. 1841 Polk bC
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.; S graduate opera-
ton; opea evenings and Sundays. UO Market.
A NURSE girl, reliable, to assist with baby
8 months old. 2116 California St.; call bet. 8
and 12 or 6 and 7 p. m. ' .'¦ '¦'¦'-'• ¦¦'¦'¦¦
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
eat rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 84S Market
at.; tel. Main 1644; Branch 19 Third St.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
In estates, legacies, life Insurance; chattel
mortgages; confidential; advice free. G. E.
OLSEN. room 16. first floor.- Chronicle bldg.
LOANS on furniture, or pianos; In. S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without re-
moval; no commission; no. delays. . J- NOON-
AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission sU above Sixth;
telephone South 14. ; '.. :¦ ;; . ¦'"•; .... ¦"
AVOID delays; try all others, then see me; $50
to $100,000: 6 per cent; Ist,. ld or chattel mort-
gages, estates In probate, undivided Interests In
estates, legacies and mortgages. bought; advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. 636 Market.
ON real estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 26 Montgomery at.
MOST reliable place to borrow- on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL; 10 Sixth;
. highest prices for old gold.; silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party.on furrilture and
pianos: no removal; low ratea; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory b1dg.;. 130 Powell at.
AT 126 Kearny, rm. 9. respectable private place
to borrow on watches, ¦ diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator: tel.'.Pa»la 995. . .
ON furniture and pianos without, removal, quick
service; money direct; lowest Interest. ¦ Rooms
68 and 69. Donohoe building. 1170 Market at.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
$?OCO TO loan on furniture and pianos at 2 per
cent, WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st. ¦
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
A LIST OF SPECIAL BARGAINS— When
sending for my CATALOGUE always state
about what Is wanted— amount to Invest, etc.
I'll then also furnish a specially prepared list
of "SNAP" bargains— near what you want,
not in catalogue. While I make a special
feature of NAPA and SONOMA county,
places. I'm personally acquainted with over
2i)00 ranches for sale and exchange In Cali-
fornia — more than any other ten agents la
the State. I travel nearly all the time. In-
specting country property.
N. D. SICK ELS. the LAND AGEJTT.
10 Geary St.. opposite Chronicle bldg.. 8. T.
A LOVELY country home at Haywards con-
taining about 20 acres : all best variety of
fruits; modern house of 8 rooms and bath:
this place Is only a few minutes' walk to
electric car; place was sold when only S
years old for $17,000; it is now 12 year* old
and I will give a snap: will sacrifice. -If sold
Immediately at 6mall price of $10,000. •-."-• . :
GEO. B. M. ORAT.
.: ;-." 454 Ninth st., Oakland.
MISCELLANEOUS "WANTS.
LAW BOOKS bought, sold and exchaneed at
REUBEN'S, 420 Montgomery St.. upstairs.
WANTED— Piano for storage or low rent. Ad-
dress box 4535, Call. • ¦ ;¦
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 GEARY ST.
10 waitresses, Los Angeles, $25 (leading ho-
tel) special rates: 2 waitresses, Woodland,
$20;' 2 waitresses, Bakersfleld, $20; waitresses,
Keswick. Fresno, Selma, Nevada, $2i>; 2 cham-
bermaids to wait, city, $20; 7 waitresses, ho-
tels and restaurants, city. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED — A good reliable girl for second
work waiting and assisting with washing.
Inquire immediately, 1802 Pacific aye.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEA3ISTKESSES
PARISIAN dressmaking. 357 Geary; dresses
made $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School; leading sys-
tem; easy payments; evg. classes. 103 Post.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring Parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Nets, i
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post, ever O' Connor *Moffatt.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; constant practice; expert in-
struction; lectures' and everything necessary
;to teach the tonsorlal art thoroughly ; special
-'Inducements this month; call or write for free
illustrated catalogue. MOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay st. The only Institution
of the l:ind ever authorized by the State to
teach the art. .. . :.-
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN and women to. learn barber trade; day
and evening classes. Expert Instruction at S.
F. Barber School. 741 A Howard st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attor-
neys, Hearst bldg. Third and Market.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 25c
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard: read. rm.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements end subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk ft.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
ti'ekv sts.: open until 9 p. m.
FURNITURE FOR 'SALE
ENAMELED iron bedsteads, all sizes, $2 90;
heavy matting, 10c per yard; 30x60 inch rugs,
tl. Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310-1312 Stockton
ft., near Broadway; open evenings.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50, with No.
7 ransre. Kins Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
SAFES^ — New and second for banks/merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes:
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market st.. a F. Cal.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records. $2 50. BACIGALUPI.
533 Market St.. San Francisco. :
MAGIC lanterns; new and second-hand: acety-
lene generators. Italian! & Breck. 131 Post st.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. Sl3 Kearey st.
FOR Christmas presents call on SORENSEN,
reliable Jeweler. IC3 Sixth st.. below Mission.
SECOND-HAND machinery.- electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S:'. White. 516 Mission.
BUYS, sells, rents sear : machinery* boilers,
water pipe; new. 2d-hand. Whltelaw.2l6 Spear.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421: Sacramento st.
HELP WANTED MALE
BEAUTIFULLY illustrafed book, by sending
address to lock box 64", Los Angeles, Cal.
REAL 3STATE CITY FOR SALE.
A. M. SPECK & CO..
667 Market st.. opp. Kearny.. :
. ;"• ¦>-" $100,000. ; v'
Ellls-st corner, close to Mason; 60x127; stores :
and 70 rooms; will pay 7 per cent net. .
$55,000.
Rare buy; vicinity Stockton and O'Farrell:
stores and lodging-house above ; 4 story and
basement bulldins; lot 36 ft. front.
$50.0C0.
Corner near Santa Fe ferry site; 92x137:1;
only corner for sale In this viclnlt.y. ¦ .• ¦'.¦¦.
$26.5C0. : : '
Near Eddy and Jones: store and 2S rooms.,
above; modern; pays 7 per. cent net. ••' " ;
$25,000.
Geary St.. near Taylur; 50xS0 feet, no battar
buy downtown. . . ..' ¦
$12,500. ¦••¦-.• •. ¦ ¦•¦:•-
Close to Market and Taylor; stores and flats:
50 feet front; rents about $100. ;:•'¦ />.;• ¦V, ;
$0200. . ¦ " "
Corner near Market: rents $1150 yearly; store
and flats; nearly new. . ¦ . .. .. ¦"
$6000.
Pest st.; 3 good flats: rents $60; lot 27x110 ft.
$6000.
Business corner near Union Iron Works; IOOx
ico. ¦ -.;
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
YOUNG man, married, good knowledge of ao-
countg, seeks employment in wholesale or
commission house. Address G. A. C. BAILEY,
721 Tennessee st.
WANTED— Man and wife would like a posi-
tion cocking in mining camp. Address W.
V.. £33 Golden Gate aye. ¦•-.¦.'¦
A SOBER single man. with excellent refer-
ences, over 20 years' experience, good pruner
and steady worker, who knowß every dlbease
of trees and the remedy for It, and guaran-
tees every tree he plants, would like a steady,
responsible position at reasonable compen-
sation or small wages and port on clear earn-
ings. Kindly address and elve particulars,
box 7421, Call office.
WANTED— Situation or employment In private
family; understands care of horses or cows,
etc.. In this city, a native of Bohemia. Ad-
dresa box 1523. Call.
GROVE. 216 H. above Van Ness aye.. 1 blocks
from City Hall— Newly furnished large sunny
back parlor bedroom; gas; large closet; rent
reasonable.
FRONT window: suitable for 'Office- or watch-
maker. 431 Montgomery at; '. ¦ ' ¦ ' • "
326 AND 328 Pacific St.— 2 hajridsome large stores
to let: cheau to good tenant-/^ . . .-•' :
WORK wanted by married man; a good engi-
neer; or anything at living wages. Address
H. H. 8..2508 La guna street.
OFFICES AND STORES— TO LET.
S-STORY and basement brick building; el«*va-
tor; adapted for storase or. manufacturing;
190 Stevenson St., near Third;. rent $76. MAD-
ISON & BURKE. "••' '.':"
MEDICAL.
GOOD upright piano, nearly, new; ; cheap.
HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister St.
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. SCHMITZ. 1«
McAllister St.. next Hlbernta Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2. Latham place.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
BORROW on diamonds; perfect secrecy; pri-
vate entrance. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
OAK. 309—2 unfurnished front rooms; suitable
for housekeeping.
O'FARRELL. 409— Double parlors, dining-room
and kitchen, bath; unfurnished; $13 50.
WANTED— Situation as housekeeper by mid-
dle-aged German woman; is good . cook and
' thorbush housekeeper; city or country. A.,
box 4521, Call office.
GERMAN midwife and nurse wishes some more
engagements by ladies in confinements MRS.
WOLTER, 132 Sixth St.
LEAVENWORTH. 223— Medium-sized unfur-
nished front room; adults; $6.
WOMAN wants to do washing or houseclean-
ing by the day or month. 54 Ivy aye.
BORROW rroriey of the respectable and relia-
ble house of L'NCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
FOLSOM, 739— A1l light rooms, for housekeep-
ing. J2 up; also single rooms $1 up.
TO salaried men: without collateral or Indorser.
S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan building.
LADIES' cloaks, suits. $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton, near Broadway.
IS-ROOM house; all new; central $750
17-room house; rent $50 *S0
65-room house; clears $450 ;. 4000
10-room house; nice home 325
85-roorh house; clears $200 1800
Monoy to loan. GALE, 320 Parrott bldg.
LADIES to iearn barbor trade; only requires
eight weeks to learn this very profitable busi-
ness; halrdresslng taught in four weeks. Call
or write for free Illustrated catalogue. MO-
LER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WOMAN and girls on steam power sewing ma-
chines; experienced or inexperienced. Shirt
Factory, 36^i Fremont st. ; elevator.
GOOD strong -girl for general housework and
cooking. Call 116 Liberty st. ____
WANTED — Experienced men's neckwear hands;
also apprentices. L. SAMTER & SON, 618
Market st.
TWO Inexperienced "Iris to learn fancy Ironing
at St. Nicholas Laundry, 17th and Folsom.
BORROW money on sealskins, silverware; low
Interest. UNCLE HARRIS/ 15 Grant aye.
WANTED— In private family In Southern Cal-
ifornia, a thoroughly educated, accomplished
lady singer and reader. Answer box 543, Call
office, stating very particularly literary and
musical education, age, reference.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' shirt
waists sun bonnets and lawn caps; good
wages. BAUER BROS, fc CO., 21 Sansome st.
WANTED— A first-class sewer and sklrtmaker.
Apply 2240 Post St. '
WILLING woman can find good home; $10; for
general housework; steady place; short dis-
tance in country. Box 4813. Call office.
WANTED — Painters' falls; call early. 325
LOT of old windows and tank closets; must b«
cheap. Addrees box 1354. .Call' office^
DOG UOSPITAI
BAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS CHANCES
DR. BCZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post. Fillmore.—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1" 50; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
THE SAN FR^XCISCO GALL., MOISDAY, JANUARY. .1,.' 1900.
MISCELLANEOUS— -FOR SALE.
FURNITURE "WANTED.
W. E. CODY^latTwiiTh J. T Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red. 5353.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. ¦ 773 Mission St., pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
WANTED— $5000 carpets, furniture, etc. ; highest
price paid: postal. M. Sllverstein. 1121 Market.
• : HELP WANTED AGENTS.
GOOD reliable agents wanted to Introduce a
new 25c article. 128 Kearny St., room 8.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale
FOR SALE— Seventy-five horses; Just arrived
from Nevada; fitted for all kinds of work.
Apply at Huntington and Diamond Valley
Stock Yards, corner Sheridan and Ninth
streets, where they are on inspection.
FAMILY horse, one of the finest; sound
and fearless; child can drive; aleo Stude-
baker trap and harness, nearly new. COLO-
NEL FREEMAN, Presidio.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, bugglea.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
60 HEAD fine draught and driving horses at 1621
and 1625 Market at., bet. Twelfth and Brady;
also some fine matched black teams.
THREE or four Jersey cows for sale; very sren-
tle; for family use. J. F. PERLE, Angel Isl.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., 8. F. :
practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages, telegraphy. English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc. ; i.ew SO-page catalogue free.
ALL official reporters of this city advise stu-
dents to go to Gallagher's Shorthand Insti-
tute. Parrott building; be wise; follow their
advice; be thorough; life scholarship $50.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1226 Market st.
ENGINEERING EChool.civil.electrtcal, mining,
mech.. survey, assay, archl.; day and even.;
est. ISC4. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
MIPS M. G. BARRETT Is unable to fill all de^
iriand* for her shorthand graduates; lessons
personally ami by mall; day and eve. 202 Mont.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St., con-
ducted personally by Mr. and Mrs. Ayres;
life scholarship $50, Includes all branches.
MIPS M. G. BARRETT la unable to fill all de-
mands for her shorthand graduates; lessons
personally and by mall. SO2 Montgomery st.
SECURE an experienced teacher. PROF.
MERKI. 100S Mission; violin, mandolin, guitar.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busl-
ness College, 30% Larkln st., cpp. City Hall.
DANCING, ballroom or stupe, quickly taught;
priv.or class. Barker's Academy, 927 Mission.
LAW schools. 927 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland: day and night; correspondence.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic. prammar, writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission,nr.6th.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms;
thorough Instruction. Studio, 405 Geary, r. 17.
THE Hitchcock School, San Rafael, for young
men and boys; Easter term begins Jan. 7.
ACTING and vaudeville people put on stage.
Hallett. Lyceum Theater. 310 O'Farrell st.
YES. $3 per acre up: farm list: free fare. M.
GRIFFIN. 719 Market st.. near Call building.
MILLBRAE lots and blocks: fenced: water
works. BUTTERFIELD. 927 Market st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
I* pages. In wrapper, for malllnr. $1 per rear.
¦.: ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CHESTNUT, 293. cor. Dupont— Furnished room
'•'..to rent for housekeeping; cheap. :'".'.
CLAY. 2421. near FlHmore— 2 large unfurnished
rooms; yard; water; rear: rent $7. .
FOLSOM. 523— Suite of rooms on parlor floor,
complete for housekeeping; rent $10; hot and
cold water. ' . . ¦ •¦.•.:•¦
$60 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist. and 2d mortgs. :
any proposition. DRYDEJJ,; 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without" removal: no
commission; private. LICK.: 118 McAllister st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY.. 63O Market st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-eecond and Ken-
tucky sts. : open until 9 p. m. -*"'- : -" '-¦¦'¦
MOXEY WASTED.. -.\r. ;.-¦__
WANTED — $2000 on first mortgage. : Address
box 1534. Call office. .: .: ,:-" - :
HOUSES WANTED.
WATcTED^Lodging house; 20 or 30 rooms; un-
furnished preferred. MONOES. 903 Powell st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and ; low-priced pianos
where they can be exchanged for a Steinway
within three yean and have . full purchase
price allowed. We are selling new upright
pianos for $6 per month, i and some good
pianos for $3. $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway Dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. . San Francisco:
corner Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
PACKARD pianos and orzahs are "all right."
Agency at MAUVAIS'. 76a Market st.
THE sale of "Baby" Deckers during the holi-
days was unprecedented. A new supply Just
received at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market at.
HEADQUARTERS for gramophones, grapho-
phones, Olympla music boxes. Wasborn and
Ideal guitars. Stewart banjos. MAUVAIS'.
769 Market st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 2S and SO O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible dons to please and satisfy the
customer. -¦-.'. >
MINES AND MINING.
CARTERS Gold Mine shares; fortune makers;
dividend payers; quoted on Pacific Stock Ex-
change; 40 cents per share or monthly Install-
ments; send for prospectus. CARTERS GOLD
MINING CO.. 220 California St.. rooms 5-7.
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40, Sth
floor. Mills build in«r. S. F. ; tel. Main 844.
8
FBKE TO ALL.DIED.
Barker, Hose* , Hefrfrnan, Jame.«
lirowr.lee. Jej?!<e P. Kane, y.-,- 1..,*,
Ch«-snian. Franklin Lyons. Winifred •
Church. Charles J. McOary. Hdn-iud
Ixrhara. R-v. J. IT. Mea<ie. M.-.1..] a.
EaFtlng Barth.lomew JJitcbe.ll. Wm. J. _I.
Fe^hiui. William Moran. OeorgeC B
Fischer. L^oiin Mulrhend. John B.
Fr_iw. aiarirar^t A. ODay. Kdward J.
Olllesnie. I»atrlck IVrtereen. I_iuHt«
Gi!J-=rt. Rosalie 31. Quigley, CSeorre
GUllcan. OhriFtoi>hcr rtalrton. Louise S.
Osnnmel. J,';uisa U. Srlrindler William T.
Handrleioi.. Frank Roh\iltheiss. I^onora
lUftdns. Hadie C. * Bhea. Thomas .< . ,
li-s:.en. KUea Wall. Gt-n. Joseph' o!
BARKSH —In thin . city, IVcernber 3], ISS3,
Hnsea I:arker. beloved father of Mrs. A. p!
DISI. James r.nd Jopt-ph . Ilarjcer and Mabel
Roberts, a native of North Carolina, aced
SS rears r.ni Z month*.
BROWM.!;&-In this city. Pwrolwr ?1. i«» 9,
.Terae S.. .beloved' Jiusband of Frances c'
nrowr.lee, &r.d father of Paul Ct* .lay c. and
L*»lie C. Rrownlee. Mrc. Dulla Wltham and
Mrs. !7rr.rr.a Co«st. a native of Pennsylvania
atred 7S yr-vrv and 4 months.
CHEKfMAN- In Berk el er, December 21 IS9J
Franklin Ellveater. hu.bnnd«of Almlra Ch«eitl
mAn, *nd father ol Krank Ct>e«cmaa and
MARRIED.
BOMCH— TRYGAY— In this city, nee-taber 31,
I?S3. by the P-cv. J. A. B. Wilson. Walter
Hcrr.er ct Los Angr'.es tad _* a y Trjcay or
f-'.in. Franrltro. ?«',;
PTkTns w/iDDTinrv? tipitiiq
Dirilno — MniLli-bb-) — L'bAiJla.
BORN.
ALBOP.HLLI-In thie city. December 10. IST).
. to the Ti-ife of Louis Albore!!!. a daughter.
FERRIvCK— In thie cltv, December 17, IS9B. to
the wife of Harry Ferbeck. _ son.
I>CUAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
FOR tal*— To close e-Ute of ALICE PIJLLI-
VAN. de/-eaf><»<l-. at r>ub!!c ntwtlon at 31 a. m.
onthj* Jd .lay of January, UO9. at McAJilster-
rx. entrance of CJty Halt,' San Francisco. {,a»g.
b'^-.k No. T-14 on OnMfcrnia Pavings and I-ian
:' dCtf of Han Franri-co. which book rhows
» aLart* cf I".X> XT. Sale eubject to confirma-
tion by court; 3? per rent of purchase pnet
re<j»ir>d on Kr^ptonr* of bid. FRANK M.
Kr.LS.KT. Artmlr.istrator. Zi'i-ZtZ Wllcox bulld-
BAN Fran-iBOo FAVIr.r. l.'nion. E22 California
•t., Webb— T>'.\ i*firA Notlre— For th«
half ye»<r enl!rg with tM r,»t of December.
Zf?9. a «!;vi!*er.d nas beer. _e-lared at the rate
„ p*r .--.•¦ cf three Rr.d '.hree-fourth" (3H)
f-er cent on term deposl*.* *r. 1 three and one-
*i*rhth (3H) r*r f*r.t on orilinary deposit*.
free of taxe*. yayuhle on nr-i after Tuesday.
cJan.ary 2 :SOQ lyjVnLL Cashier.
DfVTTrCNn Notice— Oivldend N<-,. 100 <r«c per
rhare> rf ?^* Organic Rtearr.ih'.p Corrpary
ttIII br psyaMe Et th» office CJ the company.
No. 2.7 Market et.. on ond' »frer Tue«l«y.
J«fiua-r 2. WK>. Trunrfer t^-cks wlil CIOM on
"•""efln-sday. P"rer>-^.* r ?7 IS9S. at 1 o'clock
j. rr. B.IH FlirrT.rviN. S«rretary.
Shipping Intelligence.
iiiß. Cor.tir.prtal fJulldir.g and Loan Associa-
tion of CAl:!i"7r.ia. 2C2 Sanrcme st.. San Fran-
rl»co. has declared for the € months ending
December 1:, U>», a dividend of 12 per cent
per ar.mjm to r:*»s "A" Ftock, 1C per cent
l*r ernurn to (-'.ays "F" etock. i f*r cent per
•tnnum en crra depnFite aid i per tent p«r
«jinutr. en <-.t4lnary .lerjrsitF.
CAHT. OLIVER KLORIDrjr:. President.
WILLJ4M ( l-OHHIN. Secretary.
I>IV_DJ-IND ho: tee- Mutual Pavfnrs Bunk of
S«n FrancUco. SI Post ft.— For the half year
t-r.i'.r.g l>re.tibcr SI. ISJS. a dividend Kas been
<¦ oe.: larefl at the rate if three (3) pe r ccn t per
¦rirjiiT* on all _fpns;u<. free cf taxes, rayab!*
<-a »nd nftcr TI'ESDAT J.-intmrj' 2. 1900.
GKOl'.ai; a. BTORT, Cashier.
BAILROAD TRAVEL.
Steamer Movements.
OAKLAND Ktn.MTCIiE FOR SALE.
AN irrreriucMnn to you from 11. Schellhaas. the
mndtQ-e <sraler. 11th and Frankiln. Oakland.
An elegant new house of 8 rooms, laundry and
bath; choice neighborhood: all modern con-
veniences: cannot be excelled; will be sold
for -i. little over one-half or Its real value;
Investigate this at ence cs party Is very
desirous of ceiling. GEO. B. M. GRAY.
*H Ninth «t.. Oakland.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
WATCH ai:i'AIHI.\G.
MATCHES cleaned 75r; miaranteed . years.
The Roy Jev.ejry anfl Ortlral Co.. 640 Kearry.
Tt» LF.ASi..
IIOTEJ.. for rent-The Uemarl House, at Vai-
»ieJn...-''aJ.: is offered . for- rent from March
' 1. lffl>: 'hlf* f* a s;lcndia ocrmrtunity for a
.flrst-e'-i's k-tel man. Tor rarttculart apply
T. A. i. ITATUKWAT. Vnlleio. Cal.
:_¦ STORAGE! AM) WAKKHUCSBS.
J'rr:n<:::-!:!:>aLPii storac» and Moving c^
Ofnc. '.n. P.ost rt.. cor. Pine!!: Tel. Main 57:3
S-liW'JxS MACHIM-S AXn SCHPLIES.
Tl MON-TirtA'.- r-nted, repcired. bought, sold;
v.--Rra<_ire rr..::,!H-£:. IO Sixth; phone Mint 45.
.&LT., klrfl? l^ixcht. f<^M. r_rhancod. rented; r»-
>¦ ;>»Jr!-?-. s» laic-1 rates. s*>T. Fourth >=t.
No. Priie.|No. : Prize. i No. Priae.
6< '>»2 20,64507..... ;... 40 64357 40
SWM 20165247. ........ 100,65.31 40
63*00 100!6o4.6 20)65534 20
65504 40165623 100 65533 20
«-'>Bs9-. 201655& 20065946 20
65953 ? 20;6C072 20166203 „ 20
<>t>-64 20,66303 t*,66531 20
€6057 206660S 40166644 2D
«W»2 40166728 20 ; «6732 40
66745 % 100 1757.. 20;«O3 to
68811 40 66553.. .0;«6S71 20
««3SS 40;67237........ 4j;j7_42 2to
67305 20;«7563......... 20,67671 20
«7756 20,68149.. r(G|tSIS2 20
6SZI7 40!«5242.,,;.... .PJSS263 20
65254 40,6*393^.;..,. 20;«5532 20
6*6.-.0 40,68639...:.... 20 65574 100
6SSS7 40;65933.V...... 20;CS&SO 20
60OT1 20J69100;-..""..... 40'«5127.. ....... 40
69131 40.69171.::..... .20!63.04 20
69251 20:69380.*. ..... 2U 697CT 20
63842 .40[69943;.....,. 20 60075 40
70049 20 !70053,. ........ : 20;70_05.. 20
70.140 40,70445. 40;70454 .100
70504 20i70528 20,70542 100
70630 , 20170929,:... :.. 20;71020.. 20
71087 40171261.;;..... 100,7l33« 20
71316 20i71645.; .0i7164S 20
7ie<*.s io»j7i6:i4.-.:,.;.. 2o|7isss ic<>
72020, 4073024:. ..;... 20 72031 23
72134 40172207........ 20172228 4ft
72230 1i<t172270. .:..... -207 23*2 6OO1X)
72427 20:72506 20|7_671 20
72715 , 40j.7279i:. 207.933 100
73233.: 40i73207.ii 4iti73510 40
73724 , 20173304 20i73942 20
73967 2n!7404S 20 74321 20
74380 40*74443 im>;744«9 100
74514.. ...... 40|74693 40;7475S 100
74500 2074514. 40174142 4*
74971 40*73212.... ,40;7"25S 40
73275......;. 40^73310........ 40!73.rr« 20
75373 4075689.; 20 7:>6'J7 20
7f«»07 1000 7.928;;.'.'.... 20,760:>2 50
7C182 200i75243.-.,.-.V.' 4076.90 20
76353 40-.75355. .; .20 7647* 20
7«540 200.76940....."... 20.77'i_8 •' ?>
77257 4077*72.1-. ' 20'774?9 49
7745«^ 20 77.-47.;...... 1000i77.i39 4<>
77614 20177625.:...... 20'7767S 40
7759S 10077995. .-.;.... .40175055 100
75113 2i);7?127. ....... .J0J75262. ........ 100
7M13 .017?338i 4f> l 7S';is2 500
75715 20178739,. ...... 20J7S7W 20
7SSI4 20(78008... 20!75:*43 ¦ 20
71943...- 20 ! 78959 ........ 40]75304 40
7?303 407.351......... 1(V)79358 40
79611 160,79723;........ ¦ 201759U 20
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
100 numbers from 72332 to 72432 Inclusive, be-
ing SO numbers on each side of the number
drawing capital prize: of $30,000, $60. 100 num-
bers from 22351 to 23451 inclusive, being 50 num-
bers on each side of the number drawing capi-
tal prize of $20,000, $10. IUO numbers from
46416 to 46316 Inclusive, being 50 numbers or
each side of the number drawing capital prize.
of $10,000. $20. 799 numbers ending with 82, be-
ing the last two figures of the number drawing
the capital prize of $60,000, $20. 799 numbers end-
ing with 01, being the last two figure* of the
number drawing the capital prize of $20,000, $20.
No. 72352 draws first capital prize of $60,000.
sold in San Jose, Costa lUca. San Francisco,
Cal. ' - ¦-¦-. -.;...-¦¦ -.
No. 22401 draws second capital prize of $-0,000.
fold In New Orleans, La., Chicago, 111., Mexico
City. ./.
No. 46466 draws third capital prize of JIO.OOO,
Fold In San Francisco, Cal., New York City,
Zacatecas, Zac.
Nos. 49«6, 20009. 51Z70, 73307 and 77547 draw
each $10C0. sold 1n Port-au-Prince. Haytl. San
Francisco, Cal.. Havana, Cuba, New York City.
San Juan Bautlsta Tabasco, St. Louis. Mo..
Lima, Ohio, San Francisco, Cal.. New York
City, Mexico City. Havana, Cuba, St. Louis,
Mo., Cameron, Tex.
ANTONIO PEREZ ' >.
For the Treasury Department.
U. BASSETTI, Manager.
APOLINAR CASTILLO.
lntervenor.
AUCTION SALES
Church, where a requiem hlgb mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
RALSTON— In Schenectady, New York. Decem-
ber SO. 1599. Louise Sumner. beloved wife of
Louis C, Ralston.
SCHINDLER— In Oakland, December 30, 1899,
William Theo. Schlndler. beloved and only
son of Henry and Amelia Schindler. a native
of San Francisco, aged 23 years 9 months and
8 days.
(CTFrionds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited' to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, at the
parlors of the First Presbyterian Church, cor-
ner Fourteenth and Franklin streets. Oak-
land.
SCHULTHEISS— In this city. December 30. 1599,
Leonora N. Schulthelss, beloved daughter of
Mr*. Anna Spencer, a native of Petaluma-
Cal., aged 29 years and 4 months.
SHEA— In Denver, December 30, 1899, Thomas,
beloved son of Cornelius and Mary Shea, a
native of San Francisco, aged 15 years 6
months and 13 days.
WALL— In Alameda. December 30. 1893, Gen-
eral Joseph G. Wall, a native of Dublin, aged
73 years.
Ci7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1536 Santa Clara avenue, under the
auspices of Oak Grove Lodge No. 215, F. and
A. M. Interment Mountain View Cemetery,
Oakland.
Weather Report.
O2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 31. 18'JJ>^5 p. m. "
The following are. the seasonal rainfalls to
dete, as compared with those of. came date
last season, and rainfalls In last twenty-four
hours: ! ¦= ¦'¦¦_¦ \ . '. -< .
Last This .Last ¦
Stations— •• • J< Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka ,0.00 ¦ 0.00 11. 27.
Red Bluff -0.02 10.88 3.85
Sacramento... 0.02 \ 5.87 3.91
San Francisco 0.00. : 10.38 , • 4.00
Fresno ••- • «-W ¦•. 4.55 1.98
Independence 0.02 •-. 1.75 0.61
San Luis 0b15p0.*.... 0.00 10.34 i,«
Lob Angeles... Trace 3.40- • 0. 3d
San Diego: 0.00 1.94 -. 'LOS
Yuma :,} .*. 0.00 OJS • 1.32
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature
CS, minimum 48, mean63i- . - , ¦
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Cloudy and threatening weather prevails over
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
i S"nta Fe Route.
The fastest train, ninnlng over tne best r»n«
road, with the highest class accommodation*.
Connecting train leaves San Francisco at
J:00--p. m.
MONDAY. WEDNESDAY, FRIDAY. BATUHDAT. |
' '-. Arriving In Chicago at 1:15 p. m. .
fRIDXTi BDND\T. TUK3DAT. WJDS23DAT.
OVERLAND EXPRESS
Every day In the year. Pullman Palao* an 4
Upholstered Tourist Cars leave C-kland Mol*
for Denver. Kansas City. Chicago and the Kaat i
>:80 p. m. ¦ ¦ ¦ # !
VALLEY ROAD
Between Stockton. Fresno, Hanford, Vltalla,
Tulars and Bakersfleld, furnlshei good loaal
•train service. ' . • • : ¦-¦
Ean Francisco office, 823 Market at., taUpboo*
Main 1531. ... ¦ . .
Oakland office. 1119 Broadway. .
Sacramento offle*. 201 J street.
San Jose office. .7 West Santa Clara rtr«et. '
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SMMUt* rtrry.
' • .Cornmenclng.-Uctober 1. ISB9.
FROM RAN FRAIs'CISCO TO MILL' VALLEY
'. • AN-D.SAM RAFAEL.
•WEJEK DAY&-r'7:oo. •9:30, U:i» a. m.; Its.'
•3:40. fclS, 6;00. «:30 p. m. ¦
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays, ' Wednesdays and Saturdays,
at »:C0 and 11:30 p. m. *
SUNDAYS— »B:OO, •10:00, »ll:30 a. m.; MIS.
1:15, '4:45, «:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Qientln
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS^€:2S. *6:». 7:45. »«:40 a m •
•1I:.O. 2:15. *3:40. «5:15 p. m. "
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
EaturAayp at <:4<) and 10:13. p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:2O. •»:«>. 'lO:^ '11:4s a m •
•1:40. *3:15. -«:45; »«:30 p, m.
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentln '
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO '
WEEK PAYS— 6:4S. «:45, 7:53. J:45 a. m• '
12:35. 2:33. >Al, 3:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRii-'S.on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m.
. SUKDAY3-8:03. 10:05 •¦*: ra.; 12:06, 2:15. J:3O i
B:00. 6:45 p. m ' |
. .- THROUGH TRAINS. .
7:00 a % m. week- days— Cazadero and way stations i
t:4O p. m. Saturrtayp— Tomales and — ny stations^ I
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way stations.]
V""^^ JDr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
-3_»@&H KEA B.\T ST. Established
WilV 1 _<«l ln **&¦* for the treatment of i'rlvate
t@kJUhi.Wm I>l«e«aes, Lost Mauho<^t Debility or
•wSsXJ'wißl 'llsease-jearlngoii bodrandnilndand
sl<l " niieaat-s. I'he floctorcures when
JJJyafaagCgl otber^fftll. Try him. C'hnrtres low.
r^SsaatEa! «'tir-»pnarj»nterd. Callorwrite.
Or. J. *'. (iIBUOA, Box 1037, 5 an ifraaciava
ARRIVED.
/•;,.. '•¦ , :: - Sunday, December 31.
Rtmr Scotta.' Jacobs. 19 hours from Albion. j
" Stmr Luplia: Miller, 66 hours from San Pedro,
via Carninterla 30 hour«. : •.
Stmr State of California, Gage, JD hours from
Portland, via Astoria 4S hours. .
Ktmr Arcata, Reed, 70 hours from Coos Bay.
Stmr Gipsy. Inland, 12 hours from Mosa
IvHiiillnc. • ' ' ¦ ' .', ;' . . - .••'
Stmr Bertha, Thomas', from Unga,- •.-¦¦.
Ger Bhlp. . Schwar«pnt>«k, NVcholal, . ,74 daya
from Xewrcastle. Aus. -.;_¦¦ : . • .
Br' ship Lyderhorrii. Weston, 131 days from
: "Br ship Aust're-Uan, Joliff, 182 days" from Car- :
dlff. ' ' ¦ '"' * . ; ' • ' • •:'•". ': ••
¦Ger. bark Blrma. Wredfi. • 68' days from Iqul
quc • * ' ¦ *- *¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ *•*'*'""¦.
' . .Br' bark Ihvprmay, '-. Lament,..- 1.67 daya from
¦' Fr • bark MarKuerite'.-Mollnas', \ Porcher; . 113
d'avs from Swansea. '.:.•.
¦ Schr Saararnento. Oni'nrel, 15 days from Tll-
Chrtitiansen, 12 day* from
Coquille River. • • ''¦-,¦ ' ¦ ' ¦ • ,' ''¦- :
Sffhr I>na' : Swea»ey, . Johnson, . 23 ¦ days, from
ManzanUlo.' '.'-••; ; ' -. ''¦¦¦':¦'.' ... '
Schr Mary C, M&dMn,. .10 hours from Tdrt
. B(ihr Nettle :L6w, • li<iw,. s Miours from. Point
Reyes.- V- ¦¦'¦.¦ ' _ ; '. .' ..¦..':'; '¦ .¦¦' '
SAILED. .¦.;¦' •¦¦ .'.--
'¦''¦'. '¦'•'. '.. -Sunday,' December 31.
Btmr PrOKreso, Zoiilfie, Taconia. .•••; • '
Bark Prussia. Jenson, Port BJakeley. '.- '
Bark Empire,'. Itnncke, -Pucef Sound.
Schr Ltzzle Prlen, Harisen. Coqullle River.
Schr Fortnn*. Lubbnr.- Eureka; ¦ . •:
TELEGRAPHIC,
POINT LO BOS,' Dec 31. lOlyp m-rWeather
cloudy; wind SE, velocity 26 miles.' • -.
SPOKEN
• P«r Ger BhlD Schwafzenbek— Dee 23. lat 85 W
N»-loh 133 43 Wi'Br ship showing letter* P M
OW. ' •-• :¦¦¦ .;.- 'I :•'.; - •: ... . '• -•¦- ¦
DOMESTIC PORTS,
ASTORlA^Arrlved Deo 31-rStmr ; Columbia,
hence" Dec 2?.- '. ' ' -. " . ',
Sailed D<jo 31— Ger s.hip. Wandsbek and Ger
•bark Seestern,, for t}ue»«nslown.\c -. .
• SEATTLE— Arrivecfpec 31— Stmr WHlamette.
hence Dec .28;.- .; .'. >-. . -¦• •¦
Sailed Dec 31r-Stmr A I XI. for Dyea; stmr
Maclclnaw, for San Francises. :
• ¦• SOUTH BEND— Arrived Dec . 31— Schr Pio
neer, hence Dec : 24. ¦ ¦ .
REDONDO— SaiIed Dec 31— Sehr Mildred, for
"poVrr TOWNSEND— Arrived Dec 31— Bktn
Quickstep, from Kahulul-.' • ¦ •.
Paileu DecJ 31— Br stmr Glenople. ¦ f of .
VENTURA— Arrived Dec 31— Stmr Geo Loo
mis. hence, Dec 30.- ' • '..
Sailed Dec 81— Stmr Geo Loomls. for Alca
traz -Island. '-"..¦. -.
TACOMA— Arrived - Dec.; SI— ShlD Columbia,
hence Dec 23; aliwell. ...
Sailed Dec 31— Uktn Newsboy, for Ban Pedro.
BAN DlEGO— Sailed : Dec 3— Stmr Weßtport,
for San Francisco. :¦ ¦ :¦¦¦¦"¦
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Dec 31— Sehr Cornet,
for San Pedro. • •••' . •¦/.-. ;'
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 31— Stmr La Nor
mandle. from Havre.-..- ¦
Railed Dec 31— Stmr W>rra. for Genoa, etc.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived Dec 31 — Btmr
Southwark, from New York, for Antwerp.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Dec 31— fitmr Luca
nla, from Liverpool, for New York.
HALIFAX, N S— Arrived Dec 31— Stmr Paris
ian, ¦ from Liverpool, and sailed for. Portland.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEI
S II Wood, Spokane
J H Doyle. Vallejo
G H Graves. New York
W C Re van & w, N J
C H Klrkler, Vlsalla
C M Hoover. P Costa
J A Saeur, 8 Rafael
W H Church & w. Oak
O D HI shop & w. Oak
O H Jeffress & w. Oak
XV F Jeffress & w. Oak
H Hart. Vallejo .
C H Linden & w, Cal
E T Gould. Stanford
W D Tlllotson, Reddng
Mrs R J Brown. Mass
M Thompson. Wls
J Cron'n. w & c.Wash
Miss Farley, fipokane
Miss Blsbee. Yreka
Mrs F A -Anterioneth,
Yreka ¦
P Lyons. New York
P Taylor, Texa*
J M Frosker; La
M F plllon. Port Costa
F W Butterman. Cal
W I^ Pritchnrd & w.
Pacramemo
Dr J Jarvis, Riverside.-
H D Dennlck. Vallejo
W McDonald. L Ang
P Antzen, ! Hoaqulm
E R Brady, Hoaquim
A M Stowe & w, Cal
3 G Miller, Kacto
I»r J S Menefee.Arcata
P W Morse. Watson vl
S N McLauclln & w,
Moss Lending
F Kteele. lianford
C M Thamler & w, Chg
C G Barett & w, Sacto
G Middledltch & w,
Waterloo ¦
T Wanderer & w. Cal
Q Banner & w. Cal
3 A Uence, Vallejo
H Dick. Chlcaco
H Raden. Fresno
C L Russell. Tulare
Mips E Russell. Tulare
H L Galeman. Portlnd
F. r> Haddock & w. Cai
O A Clark & w, Cal
C C Pafre. L Ang
C G Weiss & w. Marel
Wll Lumsden. R Rosa
O Tliompsoh, Oakland
W E Porry,- Petaluma
D J Ilealey & w. Cal
A T Holmes; Newark
C Lemmp. Newark . ¦
I.I.: A :Kmith.- Astoria -
W Lbftus & w. Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
J C Kemi> Yon Ee.iJ H Hill, Bacramenta
Hodßon ' .-.• S M Samstas; N V
n D Hoswell. Or B Thotna*. N V •
Mrs Boswell. Or . L L Rosenthnl. NY.
M.Hofetadt, Alaska W.H Murphy, Stanford
W W Chapln, Pactp C E Haxelton. -I'a
E W Clayton, San Jose Mrs Hazelton, Pa "•
C B Kaufman, Mfinlo J H Harbour, S DSego •
Mrs Kaufman. Menlo O E Meyer. New York
F'M flmrer. Chicago |G H Chance, Portland
H Uurkhardt. ChlcaKolC W Strlne. Pa
J D Smith. Cal Mrs s«trln«. Pa . ''•
W A Pownlnß, Cal E S Potter. Stanford
D L Hackett, Car ' A J Moxham.Australla
L Blue. British Col A L Kru*er, St Lofcls
Mrs Hlue, British Col D W Klrkland, L'Ang
A P Thalhelmer, Mo G L Shoup, %V'ashrigton
A E <Se R!cfrle3, Colo C D Clark, Waehngton
J Loeb. San Jose B Hermann, WashnKtn
vV" Watt. Stanford Gen C F Alnsworth.-
C R Paul, Chlcajro < Washington :=: =
J Biachel. New York |Dr F X AlnsTrorth. Los
C E Bur«r. loHi'a I Anceleg ;
L:iurn Flser, Chicago N O Murphy, Aria
Baron KodIT,-. Germany I • ' . - ¦ ..•.;..;•. ::.
NETC WESTERN' HOTEL.
E 8 Dygon, J?ta Rosa A JLyberij A w, L Ang
S Howard, Fresno J O Walker. Oregon
~V\'L Evans, Seattle II Mann, Oregon . '
F H I'rinile, Seattle W Caldweil Se w. Or
S C Mum* & fm.Wash|J Jones. Oregon
G » Miirns, Wash IF I> Canender. Chlc^o
S Winters. .Merced C J Hepwor.th. Clvrdle
J Kelly, :>lartlnei: U F Nix & W, Pacto
F Herße'g,- Crockett E II Rlvett, Saotq
C Peck, Callejo ¦ |W J Stewart ft. w.ldhQ
A G SauAders, Alamdl
DIVIDEND notice— The Oerman Savings and
IjO»si Prwletj'. tSt Califprnta ft.— For the half
year •rnuirag Itecember ?t, ISS9. a dividend has
teen declar-J et the rate cf four <4) per cent
p*r fc.r.::uin on terra deposits and three and
« ne-th!rd i' 3 1-S) r>er sect i-er annum on ordl-
r.ary fleposlts. fr«* cf t«x«i. payable on Ini
fcfter Tuet-ai. January 2. IJOO.
GCO. TOL'KST, Eecret*-y.
IJJ\ !l)i;\U NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Pec-Jrtty Eavicgs Bank. 222
•Mor.tFori-.ery et.. Milis bulidlng— For the half-
y-nr erjdlns December 30, !&:•:), dividends on
term decoeits at the rate cf three and six-
tenths (3 6-10) per cert per ar.uum.and on or-
dinary <3ex>o#it»i at the rate of three (J) p«r
cent per annum, free of taxes, will be pay-
able oa and a.'ier January 2. ISOO.
¦ S. L. ABBOT JR.. Secretary.
OFFICE of the Jliberr.la Paving* and Loan So-,
clety. cor. -I-rlut. ilcAll'.stor and Joaen sts.,
San Trancieco, I>ec. £3. .S9S.— At a regular
tn#t?tir.« cf tt.« Board of Directors of this so-
cUty-held THUS DAY a dividend has been
d«-ciared at tfae rate of three end one-quarter
ft 3 rx»r cent i>er annum en all 4erK<rlts fnr
the ejx rr.ccth# ending December 31. 1599. fre-;
frbCV &.1- taxes arul-trt.j-ai.l* un _n.i.*Jtt»r J_n»
-an- 1. IS- ¦•¦>. ROBISRT J. TOBIN. Secretary. ;
SAVINGS and I>oan Society, ICI Montgomery
ft.', fl'.v!der.d notice — The board of directors
declared a dividend for the term end-
Ing Preer-ber SL ' IS?9, st the rate of
three and fixty one-hundredth* (3.60) per
cent per annum on term deposits, and three
<S) per cert per annum on ordinary deposits,
free <jf taxes, cr«d payable on and after Janu-
•ry 2. l*<».
Dividend* not railed for are added to an!
bear the name rate of dividend a* the prin-
cipal fn>ni and after January L 1300.
CYHVg \V. CAK.MAXT.
Iit'MBOLDT Savings and Loan Societr. II
Geary ft.— The OrMtOl have tiet-Isred the fol-
lrm-lr.g *err.l-anr-jal Alvlde&ds: 3.60 per cent
per ennum on tertn and 3 per cent per annum ]
tin ordinary deposit*, psjatle on and after
JKHsary 2, -|;>OO. KIIKKST BItAKD, Sec. !
TO ARRIVE.
OWL'S CHRISTMAS.
The Christmas dinner at the Bohemian
Club Saturday night was a pronounced
success In general and creditable in every
detail of service, decoration and cere
mony. It was the third notable achieve
ment of Vanderlynn Stow's administration
bs president of the club. The other two
successful functions were the midsum
mer high jinks and the Christmas jinks.
Two hundred and fifty members Joined
in the feasting Saturday evening. The
table was spread in the new Jinks room.
The ceremonial programme was of this
fashion: '.- ;',; ',
Procession of robed censer boys and choristers,
followed by Chorus Master 11. -J. Stewart,
leading the club members, headed by Presi
dent Vanderlyr.n Ftow. High Priest G«orge T.
Bromley and the Directory. Choristers sing
carol— "Good Christian Men Rejoice."
Soup is served. J
Steward (followed by servant bearing flsh.
chef accompanying).
The swan, borne aloft by servants, follows the
choristers, who sing:
"God rest you. merry gentlemen."
Choristers enter." Caroline—
"Caput aprl defero
, Redens laudes Domino!"
and the cooks bring In the hoar's head.
Hearers bring In the baron of beef; choristers
sing carol— "Cradle Seng."
Plum pudding, garnished with holly and mis
tletoe, ablaze, borne on the shoulders of the
cooks; orchestra playing.
The steward ushers in the wassail bowl, lights
It, and eerves the members.
WASSAIL!
Carol— "Here we come a-wassalllng."
No programme was ever executed to
the letter In the club. The main departure
on this occasion was insistence by the
feasters that the chef should make a
speech. The fact that he responded in
French did not diminish the volume of
enthusiasm. ¦'¦';.'¦
Frederick Warde, the chief after-dlrftiT
speaker, was followed by Uncle George T.
Bromley, who spiced his eloquence with
song. ¦>;¦:.;
;t;OO— WILL Nell quick for $42uC; flae corner
residence; lot CxITS; * rooms: up to date.
E E. BL'NCE. 40S Umsdway. Oakland.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Agnes V. Nolan (Holt) to Orvllle D. Baldwin,
lot on SE corner of Sacramento and Scott
strvets, X 81:3' by 8 100; $10.
C. B. and Daisy B. Hobson to Max J. Brand-
enstein. lot 'on X line of Sutter street, 204:8 W
of Lyon, W 23 by S 95; $10.
Columbian Banking Company to M. V. Cour-
tols,- lat on N line of Waller street, 87:8 W of
Central avenue (Lott). W 23 by N 100. quit-
claim deed; $10.
John G. and Elizabeth Adams to A. I_ Ed-
wards, lot on XV line of Cole Ftreet. 125 S of
Oak. S 2.'» by W 106:3: $10.
Gorman Savings and Loan Society to Isaac
Anderson, lot on E line of Pierce street, 241 S
of Waller, S 60 by E 91:3. lots 14 and 13, block
2. Marion Tract (Ho?D!tal Lot): $10.
Pora C. ininshee to Willis A. Punshee, lot
on N line of Nineteenth street. 60 W of Church.
W 25 by N 100 ; $0.
Builders' Contracts.
Leah Meyer- and Carrffl Ackerman (owners)
with California Concrete Company (contract-
ors'), architect 11. J. Lyon— Excavation, grading,
brick work, concrete, cfment loors, garden
walks and sidewalk, on Broadway, for a three-
story and basement frame residence on NW
corner of Van Ne?p avenue and Broadway, N
90:6 by W 105:3: total, $2S;O.
Same owners witn William Knowles (con-
tractor), architect came— Timbers and framing,
carpenter work, rough and finished lumber,
galvanized iron and tin work, lathing and
plastering, interior flnlsh?3 and mill work, man-
tels and tiling. Interior stairs, glass and glaz-
lne. fixtures, hardware, dumb waiters. Iron
work, etc., *__! "»• on same; total, 114.300.
Same owner with G. A. Pettcrson (contrac-
tor), archltpct ?ame— Palntlnc, etc., for same
on jam*. Total,' $1100.
Crocker Kstste Company (owner) with J. R.
Tobln (contractor), architects Tharp & Holmes
— Plasterln*. cementing work., etc.. for a seven-
Ptory and basement iron, brick, stone and terra
cirtta building on lot on NW corner of Post and
Gardner streets. N 137:6. W 11?:6. S 50, E 13:6,
S S7:«. E 99. Total. $7470.
Same owner with ¦ Otis Elevator Company
(contractor), architects wme — One passenger
and ore freleht elevator for same on same.
Total. J3250.
xlaffle at Stelling Bros.' Grocery.
THE winning ticket In the raffle for a gold
watch at Stelllng; Bros.' grocery, cor. Four-
teenth and Noe sts.. Is No. ML . ; : . :
OAKL.C\D REAL ESTATE.
L£O— CHOICE lots frortinc on FnilH-aJe aye.,
rear br^a! rauce loca". ; former price was
$."00, but have been authorized to se'.l these
at «tbov« prlc«; th'.s is just about cne-third
«.hst they are w^rth; )r.ve!<tiE_te and Eat:s-
r»- yooraelt Gj:o. B. M. GRAY.
• - 4M Ninth St.. Oakland:
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— QOS BROADWAY.
DCRKELEV Ui;U. ESTATE.
T^O.?aj? — 10 rcoms; modern; r.ear station; 1
rrJtrjieF to VrAv*rrity ; price J2500; ea«y terms.
FRKKfE A CODDINGTON. Berkeley Station.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
MONDAY. JANUARY 1.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
.VLAMKDA HRAL ESTATE.
II4f9— LOT 2Cxl-3: ccttore B rooms and bath;
*trcet -rork _cne; eacy term*.
ISfJO— Lpt ECxJ<5: fine eottajce: 5 larte room.
r.nd^bath: worth JlTiOO: only $100 cash, balanc*
I2S per month; erect cr.ap.
fl3f«— Let 40x1.'*: Morton rt.. between rail-
road?: r.ear Btuticn and school; tanfisofce. new
rott&«e at t rooms and' bath; Jito and tti per
xnor.th.
ZZtlC— Lr* tTxIM; l-story h?u«e of S roorni and
ta!h: Aiameia are., rear Morton-et. (tta'.loa;
*a«r terms.
rssof>— Tyt <rTi:O: fine new J-str-r hnu»«. %
r-^osis enfl bath: Morton rt.. near statlm* and
•rhoc>!c: l-l-O cn*b. balance ISO per month.
IS6CO— Li-t 7. r xl^s; en main avenue; <*cttar.
I rocrns and bath; rrett t«rcain; iiauses to let
in all pr.-u or Aiarr.efla. - ¦ ••• ' ¦
H. P. MOHEAL * CO .
Uii Park et . Alameda. Cat
PRODUCTION OF GOLD.
Frank A. Leach, superintendent, and
Charles G. Yale, statistician of the United
States Mint, have prepared a preliminary
statement, based on receipts at the Mint
and other bullion depositories on this
coast, which shows that California pro
duced in 1899 gold to.tho amount of $15.
000,000 and silver to $036,000. The increase
over last year Is $561,406 in pold and- J?20,
606 in silver. This Is somewhat unexpected
in view of the record "dry year" through
which the State has just passed. A num
ber of new mining enterprises have been
inaugurated nnd these, with the increase
from the south, have more than made up
the deficiency caused by the lack of water
in the older mining regions. Meantime
advantage has been taken of the low
stage of water to repair and extend
ditches and reservoirs, all of which j will
have an influence in an increased supply
of water and consequently a larger output
of Rold and silver for 1900.
Messrs. Leach and Yale have also pre
pared a corresponding- estimate of the
output of Alaska mines during 1599, which
shows that the territory has doubled its
gold product over the previous year. The
record for 1599 is: Gold, J4.917.521, and sil
ver %S2 «<so, as compared with an output
of gold of- $2,517,121 and of silver of $49,
152 In IS9S. This shows an increase for
the year of $2,400,700 in gold' and $33,728
tilver, or a total of $2,434,428. It should
be stated that the returns of the United
States Assay Office at Seattle are includ
ed in this statement as well as those of
the United States Mint and private de
positories.
An attempt has been made In connection
with the Alaska output to. segregate the
amounts of gold received so as to approx
imately determine the yield of the new
gold fields at Cape Nome, about which
many conflicting- ' statements have been
made. It is found that of the total output
of Alaska $2,405,&30 gold and $3335 . silver
came from the beach and placers. of Cape
Nome and vicinity.
In IS9B out of a total gold product of
$11,038,478. from the Klondike $414,295 Was
taken to Eastern mints and assay offices
and not deposited on this coast. A pro
portionate amount has doubtless been
taken East this year, which may be add
ed to the estimate »iven. When all the
statements of mints, refineries, assay
offices, etc., are received from all over
the United States, the figures of the out
put of the year -will no doubt be somewhat
larger than those given. . . . •
THE CALL CALENDAR
January, 1900
LOTTERY DBAWING.
OFFICIAL DRAWING
LOTTERY
BENEFIciiIDBLICA.
The one hundred and thirty-first ordinary
monthly drawing. Class "M," drawn In the
City of Mexico, on December £9, 1599.
SPECIAL NOTICE— The public is cautioned
to beware of concerns claiming to operate lot-
teries In the City of Mexico, or at any other
point in the Republic of Mexico, as all nuch
concerns are fraudulent. The lottery of the
Beneflcencia Publica Is the only one author-
ized and Indorsed by the Mexican National
Government. Beware of spurious Imitation*
and see that all tickets are signed by A. Cas-
tillo, lntervenor, and U. Bassettl, manager, as
none others are genuine.
-.--:/ — ¦ ¦ , ¦ ¦
No. PrUe. No. Prize. No. Prize.
96 40 S2O .0 372 40
402 100 771 20 813 20
874 100 1050 100 1175 100
1235...4.... 2fr 1270 20| 1341 20
1366 ¦ 20 1514 40| 1527 20
I 1549.'. 20 1J94 40 IS3S 4')
1*79.. 20 IS6I 40 2344 20
2.39 20| 2745 4<) 2759 40
2i'H. ....... 20| 3054 101 iU3 20
3175 2u| 3300........ 'M\ 35C0. ..:.... 20
3581 2001 3685......... *0| 3710 20
j 3754 40| 3519 20| 3S3S UK)
8971 20 3572. 40 i 4023 20
4121 40 4243 40| *'*'13 20
45?8... 20 473« 401 «<35 20
4SIB 20 4894 201 4966 1000
4967 20 6096 " 20! &U9 20
5165 40 5184 I'OJ 534S 20
6452 20 5536.. 20; 5540 20
6636 20 571S .Oj 6749 20
5562 100 5900........ 40: 6032 40
6037 40 6153 20 1 6191 20
6200 40 6233 100} 6401 .0
666S 20 8705 IOOj 6801 20
6896 20 7088........ 2i| 7353 100
7467 40 7533 lOrtj 7977 40
8033 600 5054 20 8141 20
8143 40 8209 20 8466 20
BCI4 40 8643 ' 20(8690 100
5698 40 8771 20i 8841 20
8853 40 8862 40, (918 20
9013 20 »054 20| 9070 200
9107 20 5137 20i 9144.. 20
9380 100 *4«1 4U. 9515 100
9589 20 960S 40| 9635 20
9791.: 100 9977 40! 9350 100
10158.: 20 10159 20110238 I<X)
10245. 20 1C329........ 40110490 40
10541 20|10715'. 4fi1C907.. 40
11054 2V 11096 ¦ 20|11459 20.
11577 20 118S4 40|12032 40
12153 40 12304 20112552 20
12561 '200 12552 100|12625 200
12635 20 12637 Wjl-679.. <-.'.... 40
12703........ 100112733. 20112742 ICO
12534 20)1.918 20 12935 40
12983 ' 20 13010 20 13017 20
13031 20 1J086.. Us 13104 100
13107 20113187 100 13211 40
13269 100113497 20|13503. ....... 200
13354 20113615 20:13631 20
13561 20|13&U4.. ...... 40J14036 40
14320 20114534.. ....:. 40 14565 20
H676.. ...... 40)14911 2«i,14945 20
14984 20115051 20|15156 40
15621 100115638 2ti)15666 200
15678 40 15737........ 20J1573S 40
15775, 100 15931 4C15941 ?.. 40
160.12 100 16052 Ml 16214 20
16266 40 16322........ 40116343 100
16460 100|16630 500i1t>733 40
18920 - 40jK:io8..- 20,17035 20
17256... 20 17257 ;.. 2l'j 17287.. 40
17368 20J17443.. 40117505 20
17528 40 177*7. ....... 20J1MW9 100
18089 40 1*130.., 40|18177; 20
18267 20 18297 44U8461 200
18552........ 20i18617 ? 2011R651 40
18652 20!18M>9 100jlNKS9 20
189S8 40 l£'oso 20J19127 40
19293 20 19449 f00;19452 I(X#
19853 40 I
20071 100 20099: 1000120444 40
20511 20 20701... 2ui20714 21)2 1 )
20789 40 20M3 40!2054S 2'>
2IJNBI 20 21183 20 21310 40
21320.' 20(21435 SO 21450 40
21623 » 20 21652 i 40 21654 20
..1703 ¦ 40 21*01 100 31825...- V> \
21995.... 2022131.. 40 22153.. 40
2233S 20 22349 1f:Gi22353........ 20
22401 20000i22544 1W22559 100
22617 20;22595 ;. 40J23107 20
23131 100123234. ....... 40123413 40 j
23451 40123560 20J23599 20 |
23624 20 23716 2012.1724 40 j
23*»21 500 i 23944 20123082 20
21005 100|24065. .¦;..... 2<>!21130 20,-
2J194 40 24226 20121-45 20
24250. ....... 20J24327 20)24521 4')
24731 201.47C2 20J24M4 20
25476 ¦ 20 25668 .0:2570»..-. 40
257H0 20126044 '40! 2(5096-.: 40
26137 40J2638S 5fC!2C463. 20
25329 20 26754........ 20|26750 100
J6756 ' 20'.C541 4n|26944... 20
26998 20(27070.. 2t; 27104 20
27403 20 27418 40 27554 20
.7673 2012768 C 20127870 20
»5177 100|25196 _0 : 2*219 40
•5,295 20!'Ji364 40;2"464 20
25626 200l2*»)6« .... 20]2'sSl4 20
25876 20 28tf04 100j2<!913 20
JS9M 20j25051 2029297 . 20
293ti3 40 29379........ • 40|?3355 20
23474 20)23540 4C129767 20
29553 20'29HW.. 20;2?962 40 j
30052... 20 301.-.2 2(>;30185 • 20 i
80217 40 30239 V 40i3035S 20
30572 2«)30432 :0 30573 20
3U718. 20U130741 2030565 20
JO92S 1003H973 20151021 40
31165 20 311S0 20J31230 100
31248 20 31276 20131457 200
3155S 100 31C67 20,31793 -. 20
31882 20 J1904......... 20:31956. ........ lf'O
32023 40 3.152 40 S22SO 40
3.31S 100 32377 40;3235? 20
32437 20 32719........ .0132746 20
32814 20 ! 32515. 40;3295tl 20
32973 4032991 2<i'3300L ;:..... ; 20
3307S 20 33158 20!332«2 20
2X356 E003341S , 40!3342!» 40
33479 40 33540 200|536«7 20
33678 2033712 10(':23717 40
33539 4033842 40|331>27 20
34411 20!344. 1>.,.1 >.,. 4013jr.11. ........ 100
34560 20 3«K3.. -."••- =0i24fi13 40
31655 40131720.. ...... 20|34733 40
3475» 40!34752.*. 2UI34SSS 40
34071.....;.. 20 34973 2O|34Sftfl .40
85017 20 352C0......... 20 86281 20
352R0 40 35356 20:3:.53S 20
33553 20 35586 4013f.62rt 100
3.^(538 40 35650 40135761 100
M7H2.. 2055837 JO'SSSSS 20
jt-,973.. ' 2036010 20|36169 40
86223 20 36231........ 10n,3fi540 20
3.;tnO 40 36613 210136650 20
¦5«562 ' 2038949 " !M; 87374. 20
37»<!\ 20137548 20|37730 40
87961 40 37986 20J3506S . 40
38255 ¦:.. B0O(3R311 20:30349........ "20
35395. ...;... 20 35520. ....... 4'ii3W» 40
STO'l . .. 403*732. 40i3'.i031 100
JJU2;; 20|3P137......... 20139341....;... 20
35667. lOOiWfiS* ? 20J6957S 40
40020 20140122 20,401^3. . .i .... 20
40190 100]4fi205. ....-..:; 100|40415.... ,-.¦.;. 40
40440 40(40459....;..'. 100 40507.. ...... 100
40531........ 40! 40J37...... V. 2<t|40578.., 20
40583 20 40599....... v 100:40602........ . 20
40651 4»40?!».....-.-.- 500J41019. ...¦....-¦ 40"
4U04 40 41128........ -0:41262. .....;. 20
41413 100 41651 40i4irrS4 100
42011.;. ?v». 20 421P3. ...:.... 40J42U4. ....... 20
42198...... •:. 100 42313. ....v.. 20U2414. 100
42557 .-..*..- ' 100143023..... 'i.. 20.43046..:.'.... 20
4305S :• 20 4»(V«9.: ¦..-..¦.¦<¦ 20143160..... i... .20
43835 40U3567. ..-.'.... 40 43371.:-: 100
43.73 4f1;1370.-, , 4014371*.. ».'.-.-, 40 1
••437-8 ....'... . 20143<86.; : 40!43!»4f.,..j: .. .40
44041......,, :• 20 44137.V.:. v.-.V 40144204.,;,.... 20
I 44262 i. '¦¦20!4*206'.-.-...:;- 40 4412.-...: 40
, 44461 '¦' 20 «5<5 ..-.,- i0.jf44r.95. ...;;., :40
; 44735: 20 H571. ....... !00i44W!>. ,..'...; '100
1 44932 ...... 20 44950 « ?01 43132....:... -20
•45221.'....... 40 45314; .' 40] 45371 .•*..;.». -20
45,-,84 20 45G35.. ;..-;;.. 4U146070.-.. .'.;.. 20
! 46333; t'..:vM- 1W» 16432 ; 100|4646rt;.. ;'..,..' 20
46466....-.';. 10000 46572.'... •;:...¦ 20146619. •.»..;•.:• : 20
46678 TiV.i.. 2CU6675 :...'-..:. 40146516..-- 40
46!W ...V.. «(0!4690».. ..•.'¦.... 100147059 100
47153' : ;. 5" '7170 20-47273 100 '
47461!;!.. v.. 40147612.-.. .... 20 47719. 40 >
: 47743 ...... . 40|47514. :;...;. 40 47913.... 100 I
47356 40!45040....y... 40 48074 40.
48309........ 20 48336 ... 40U8450..',.-..,: -40 •
48498 20f4583a.....:.;# .0J45715.........; ; 20 j
48923 ¦ 40 49302... •.-....• 20 49362 100
J949G / 40 49432 ;• •20 45627 .... ...... 40
40765.. ...... -0 49912.. . ; 20 49948 20
J0175. ..... 40 50313..-...,;., 20 50464 20
50747. 200150783,, .. 1 i.V 20 50910.. 20
5M5? ;..... 40161015...,.;:.. 100151081 20
S.U9 20i.-.i:70. ...".•..'. 1000]51410.V. 40
61831 11.. 2ojr.m3 52|J52f---: 2 22
'fJ55i....:... 201K1919 40|r,1!)f15 20
E&Vi.' . 20152054 5001R23.3 20
"¦,334 .. !« 52470 t'o|R2«os.. 40
h"^?' " .-. ¦40i62941. ..-.;.:. .00152,344 40
K3123 ... 20i5?,r.!>2 .'. 20jR3t;05 100
53652'!!!..-.. SOir-3701. ....... 40X8714 40
C37«t .... in0T,355«........ 20i:>3924 40
D4'M ...... .0154307. .,.-,... 20154458.V. 40
54456 .... .0(54834.;.'..... 2055134 100
65U5* v. 20 5C181.,.. ;...,.- .0 1 ir.264 20 |
M 478 .... 20r.365!».. ¦ 5ni55730.;;;;i.-. 20,
r,5770* 20535:3.. ...;.. 20155912... 20
5594 a.. ' 200.'6070 4O|MI.TO .40
cgifii ¦ 40 36235... ...... 200!5(i429 40
16'J98."I 6 'J98." 40 36506 ;». M!5«336 .40
56715 ....... *01368U ¦ ?0lr.6S!)l 20
56919 200157148... ; 20167377 40 1
_74.5. 20157477.. 40ir.78d1...'..... 40,
67667 100157739 20157740 20'
£g279 40155468..: 20 1 6546.i.. ...... 20
5?532 401557P2. ........ 401358.-3... ' 20 :
558r,8 ..;.... 20158865........ -01.VJ970....:... 20
59172 2015(1176.; 20159715........ 40
f,ri<il(? 40 ! SKiS 1
60135 40W175 r0|50236 2" :
GMrfi 40 6T.614. :..;.., 20160621 20
$0698."! 200 G11738. ..;;... 20160774 20-'
60372;....... 20 t0055...:.....' 201C1150. ....... 40
61194........ 20,61220 40 61309. 40
61578 ¦ 20161638.. ...... 20181669 40
6172S . 401617J5. .<.".... 20J61760 20
61774 ' 40J61840:.. ::...' .061873 40 .
61945 2062130... 20162235 20
62239 20|62254........ .0;62384... 40
62474 4,0162477 ;.- 20162510 40
62515. 401623-8 40162391 20
62672.. 2062979.. 20J63192 4(T
63341 20163423... ..... 40163571 20
63574 20i«608. ....... 2n|«3655.. ...... 20
63637 20183715.-.-...-... .0|6.17!>5 20
63R37... ."..;. 40 85911:... -..-.. 20163920........ 30
64086 20164147 20 C 4243 40
«4514 20164325, 20(64449 20
64338 20[64535.. ...... 10U1G4694 20
Mrs. Nellie Batten, a native of New York,
aged 69 years 11 months and 29 days.
CHURCH— I"n this city, December 30. 1899,
Charles J. Church/ beloved 'husband of Lil-
lian Gummer Church, a native of Berkshire.
England, aged 2S years 7 months and 14 days.
(Baltimore papers please copy.)
CFuneral this day (Monday), -t J
o'clock, from his late residence, 133* Fulton
rtre.t. Interment private. I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
! DEKHAM— A solemn requiem anniversary mass
ut Ft. Dcminic's Church Tuesday morning.
January J. at 9 o'clock, for the late Rev. J.
H. Derham. O. P.
BASTLKO— In this city. December 30. 1899, Bar-
tholomew Kasttnc, beloved husband of Mary
J. Easting, snd father of James M.. Clarence
. K. and Carrie Eastinc and Mrs. B. F. Mc-
Leod nnd Mrs. H. Peterson, ns-ed 74 years..
CurFri^nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, S3. Sixth street. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
FEEHAN-In this city. December 30. 18». Wil-
liam, beloved husband of Ellen Feehan. and
father of SlsteT M. Hympborosa, Sister M.
litnedicta and Edmond T.. James B. and
Katheryn Feehan, 1 a native of Tipperarj'.
IrtJand. aired 74 years.
PTTh* fun»ral will take p'.ace this day
(Monday) at J:3u o'clock, from his late resl-
Oence, 443 Page street, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, where a solemn high mass will be
celebrated for the rcp.'Se of his soul, com-
mencinc at 9 o'clock. Interment private.
Please emit flowers.
FISCHER-In th'.s city. December 8L 1895.
Louis Fischer, a native of Germany, aged
22 years.
FRAPER— In this city. December 30. 1899, Mar-
¦ caret A., de.irlv beloved wife of Roderick
Fracer und mtth»r of Mrs. H. J. Ellis and
FHr.Hbeth nn-J George Fmser. a native of Liv-
o"rp r "il. England, aged :3 years 5 months and
1* days.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
¦ Tuesday), at l:S0 o'clock, from her late resl-
• dence., .19 Dolores Etrcet. . Interment Masonic
Cemetery. PV-ase omit flowers.
GILBERT— In this city, December SI. 1599.
Rosalie Marcu«rite. dearly beloved daughter
of Robert J. and Marguerite B. Gilbert (nee
Sephey). a£ed 2 months and 1 day.
CT Notice cf funeral hereafter.
GILLF..= PIE--In this city, Decomber 30. ISO 9,
I'ntrivk, beloved hus-hand of the late Ann
GillwDie. end father of Mm. M. J. Conboy,
Mrs. M. W. O'Dea. James. Mazgie and Let-
He Oillesple nnd the late Mrs. 'James F.
Moran and Annie Glllessle, a native of Ire-
iur.d. fitted 72 years.
tT-TThe funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 1:2-0. o'clock, from his late rest-
dence. 212 Clir.ton Park, between Thirteenth
oral Fourteenth streets,, thence to Mission
Dolores Church frr services at ? o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery-
GILLIGAN— In Visltacion Valley. December 30,
18?», Christopher Olllipan. dearly beloved hus-
band of Susan Gilllean, beloved father of
Mrs. 11. H. Perm. Mrs. J. H. Boese. Mrs. R.
C Romer, Mrs. T. C. Towns and Mar}-, Susie,
Thonjat". Edward and Christopher Gllligan
Jr., and grandfather of Mamie, Jennie and
Charles GllliKan, a native of County Meath,
Ireland, aged 75 years and 5 days.
C-TFrlonds and acquaintances are resi>ect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resl-
dence, Visltacion Valley, near Sail Bruno
road, thepce to ft. John's Church (old St.
Mary's <^;!e«re). Mission r^nd. where a sol-
omn requiem high mass will be celebrated for-
the repc.ee of his soul, commencing at 10:39
o'ek-ck. Interment Holy Gross Cemetery, by
carriage. •--,-,
GVMMEL— In this city. December 30. W.
Louisa Maria, dearly beloved wife of the late
Peter Gi-mmel. mother of Henry. JuHus and
Albert and of the late Qustave Gummel. and
B randm.<ther of Charles, Julius. Lnul»a. Leo-
nore and Henry Gumr-.el. a native of Lor-
raine. France, aped Cfi years 9 months and 26
day*. (New Orlrans papers please copy.)
(fyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day ¦
• Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi- ]
dence. 5 Telegraph place, off Greenwich
street, between Dunont nnd Kearny. Inter-
mer.t Laurel Hill Cemeterr-
SAN FRANCISCO FRAUEN VEREIN— The
officrs and funeral committee are hereby
notifiedto assemble at their meeting rooms.
Druids' Hall. 41J Sutter street, this day
(Monday at 12 o'clock, to attend the funeral
of our "jate member.. Mrs. L. Gummel. ' B?
order MRS. ANNA SUHR. President.
MRP. -ANNA MAAS. Secretary.
HANDRICKS— In this city, December 30, 1833,
Frank Handricks. a native of Germany, aged
6S years.
HARKINS— In this city. December SI. 1899.
fadie Ellen, beloved daughter of Rose and
the let* Joseph Hsrklns. a native of San
Francisco, aped 4S years 6 months and 6 days..
HAFSEN— In this city. December 31. 1559. Ellen
Hasjeiy-a native of New Jersey, aced 44
years, "i
CTlnterment private.
HEFFERNAX— In this c!ty. December 30, 1539,
Jam**, beloved husband of Mary Heffernan.
a native of County Tipperarj'. Ireland, aged
73 years. :
C-TFimeral private this day (Monday), at
12:30 o'clock, from his late residence. 1310
Mission street. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
KANE-In this city, December 29. US9, Michael
Kane, belnved brother of John and Maurice
Kane, a native of the City of Waterford. Ire-
¦ land, aged 42 years. (New York papers please
EJ^Friends and acquaintances and members
of the Pacific Coast. Marine Firemen's Union
nr » r-spectfully Invited to attend the funeral
this day (Monday), at 9 o'clock, from the
funeral parlors of McGinn Brus., 31 Eddy
Ktreet. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LYONS— In this city. December 30, ISP3. Wini-
fred, beloved daughter of John and Catherine
Lyons, sister of Ellen. Patrick, Mary,. Mar-
garft, Catherine and Michael Lyons, and
olec* of Patrick and I>avid Conway, a na-
tive cf Ballyvllla. parish of Bacon, County-
Mayo, Ireland, afred I' 3 years and 3 months.
(New York papers please copy.)
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
'Monday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
MeAvoy & Co., 1235 Market street, between
i;i_hth and Ninth, thence to. St. Brendan's
Churrh, where a solemn requiem mass will
be ceiebrafd for the repot" of her houl.
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
UcGART- In this city. December 30, 1R99, Ed-
ward McGary. beloved husband of Alice Me-
<*ary, and father of Mr?. Samuel Poorman.
Mrs. William H. White. Mrs. J. IT. Hastings
and James. Charles E. and Edward McGary.
& native of County Derry, Ireland, a«ed 77
year*. " i " '* ; -. •
G^yFriond* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited" to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 5:45 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, lbas Mission street, thence to St. Igna-
tius Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at S:3O o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, by train.
MKADE— In this city. December 31. 1899. Mabel
Anr.a Meade. " beloved daughter of Anna
Meade and the late George W. Meade, a na-
tive of Saa Francisco. apM 11 years.
CT'Frlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Tuesday), at !
o'clock, from the residence of her mother.
' J3.r, Sacramerto street..
MITCHKLL— In this' City. December 3". ISM.
Willlajn J. M.. bvloved husband of Bessie J.
Mitchell, and father of Alice Kate Mitchell,
a native of Cornwall. England, ajred 47 years
b months and 8 days.
CTFrle-nds and acquaintances are regret-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Tuesday), at I o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery ftreets,
ur.3er the aurplces of Excelsior Lodpe No.
If.* F. aad A. M. Interment Masonic Ceme-
tery. ':-'
M«~>RAN— In Berkeley. Cal.. December 30. IS??,
CJeoru* C. 8., eon of John P. and Elizabeth
Mcran. a native of Berkeley. Cal., aced 8
years 5 month"! and 3 days. One brother less
In a family of nine children.
tTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral fiervlces
t'>-morrow. (Tuesdny). at 2 o'clock, ut the resi-
dence of the parents. 1710 Lincoln street.
Berkeley. : . ¦ •
MUIRHKAD— In thl* city, December 30/ 1899.
John B. Muirhead. dearly beloved husband of
I,ouisa M. Muirhead. a native of Hamilton.
Canada, aeed 44 years and 8 months. (Vic-
toria. B-. C. and Toronto papers please copy.)
|T7"Frl*ndn and afqualntances and members
of the Pioneer RowinK Club are respectfully
iJivllc-d*- to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Tu*«day). from Bcottlsh Hall. Larkin street,
¦where "services will be held at 1 o'clock.
Cremation L O. O. F. Cemetery,
i DAY— In th'.n city, December 30, 1539. Ed-
ward J., beloved eon of John and Katie
O'Pay. and brother cf Willie. Mamie. John-
t.:t, TesFie-. Lulu, Frank, Ruth, Joseph, Rob-
ert and Harold O'Day, a native of San Fran-
c!«co. _«eij 12 years and X months. (Portland,
Or.. i>ai>ers please cory.)
%jrVritn&% and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8 o'clock, from the residence
Ot tl"> rarTim. CSV. Jessie street, thenoe to
Pt. Patrick* Church Tor servlcec. Interment
Hnly CroM Cfmotery.
PKTKRSEN— In this city, December SI. H?S
Lauritz Peterf«>n. brother of Mrs. M. A. Mad-
Fen, end nephew of Mr. and Mr*. N P
Peterson, a native of Kan Francisco, aged
Jl -years.
Qt'IGLEY— In this city. December 30 1599,
George. bPlovM husbarid of the laTe Hridget
QutKl^y. and ;ovln»r father of John. Mamie
Hannah and Teret-a Qulßlpy. a native of the
parish of Clonmany. County Donegal. Ire-
land. RCed CS years.
(TTTrierids and a^ualntances are n>ppect-
fnlly Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at »!:S0 o'clock. Trom hln late resl-
<lonc#. BU Bryant *tr-»t. thenc* to Pt Rose's
' LOTTERY DRAWING.
spnciAr tvoticks.
• v -l_.rs- ¦¦rtTEU ITKfclLlXG'fi r'.le nalvf. tl rer
jfWx ; . "warrftriUKl to Cur«!ft!l i_*»>« of b>edinjt.
:-itrM > '.*. ; . ¦•i'xtpfha], intirrEal or protrudlr.g
'><t*l«Jl'Mit&o»st Tail, nn matter o? how lor.«
¦"; Ft».!'.isi'ce.' i ; ILJS Devi«sden) Ft., near Sutt»r.
.^BOQi'fi. .'papered ircr.i J3: whltenivj. II up;
;. ; - riir.Ur.g- drTij. H;_-tnian Taint Co.. JIJ Third.
}::\:> teraiits frtt" M: r^llecHonn made
•; f:',S- rr jcauntn-. PACIFIC COIJ-ECTIOX CO.
;,-*\o MoTirg-omcrA' >?.. ronm« S-10; trl. tr,?O.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 1, 1900.
the country west of the Rocky Mountains.
Scattering light rains have fallen over Wash
ington. Oregon and portions of California.
The pressure has fallen rapidly along the
coast from San- Francisco northward during the
afternoon, indicating the approach of another
storm from the ocean.
The temperature has risen in the Upper Sac
ramento Valley and fallen over Eastern Idaho;
slsevi-bere It has remained nearly stationary.
Conditions are favorable for rain quite gener
ally over California and rain or. snow over Ne
vada "and Utah Monday. • /
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight January 1:
Northern California.— Rain Monday; fresh to
brisk southerly wind.
Southern California— Cloudy, with rain Mon
day: fresh southerly wind. -• ,. r .-::, ¦.") .."T
Nevada — Rain or snow Monday.
Utah— Rain or snow Monday; warmer.
Arizona— Cloudy, with enow in north portion
Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Rain Monday;
fresh to brisk southerly wind.
G H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Offliclal.
RETIRING FROM BUSINESS
MUST BE SOLD.
AUCTION SALE
OF
THE ENTIRE CONTENTS OF THE VAN
NESS BOARDING STABLE. •
510 VAN NESS AYE.
JAMES THOMPSON, Proprietor.
Comprising well broken business, road and ,
track horses; also buggies, carts and coupe*,
robes, harness, whips and a fine assortment of
racing boots, etc. *.--:* ~\
To be sold on premises at 11 a. ra.
TO-MORROW.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 2. 1900.
¦ '. CHASE A MENDENFIALL.
1732 Market, st. Livestock Auctioneers.
BATLROAD TRAVEL.
IN 3 DAYS
mm. VIA. ..
; Chicago, Union Pacific
. ... AND ...
Northwestern Line
I»sry Day la Ujs Tnr htm 3ia TruolMt
AT 8:30 A. M.
Balst, Saokiaj and Lftriry C»r>, vltk
¦• UtUt.
Denkh Dr»»iaf-rooa Slttpisg Oars.
Dining Cars— msals a U earta.
Brtakfut in Diner oa Le»»!ng Oakland Fler.
Dally Taroagi Tesrl»t Csr to Caieaga Wiiiaat
Ch»ngi %t 8:30 P. K.
¦ • It. H. HITCHIE,
«J Hey Kontgemery St. Sea. Agt. P»ei2« Ctwt,
Pilaw Eetel. BAH rttASCI3CO.
sorxnr.Rf pacific conriXT.
'.. :-. •/•.-." (f/ICiriO »TWT«f.>
Trmlni le>i»v« i»n«l arc tin* to arrive •»
MAN l'-|t.%M4'lK«'4>.
(Ma'.n Line, Foot of Sburkel Streel)
leaVK — From DxcTMßtrn 15, 1330. — ariuti
•~:OO* Bcnicla, Snlsun, Elmlxa, VacsTUe,
RtunacjanJ Sacr!»tncuio. *7i4Sp
•7:00 a Shasta Express— Dafij, WUlows.
: . Re«l Bluff, Portland *7:ISr
*7i3Oa. Martinez, SsaHaiuon.Va.Hcjo. Napa,
Calistcgaau'is.inta X -a *0:lSr
*Si3o* The Orerliml LlmileJ — Ogden, Den-
ver, Omaha, Chicago *9 • I-1 r
••¦Be>* R»u Jot". Llrerajore. .Stockton,
love, .Saeramcutu. 1 1:»r rvi.l<\
Jlarystille, Chlco, Ue.llilnlF •-liMp
•NiSOa •Milton. Oatdalean-l Honor* M>l.lr
•O:O«» HajTranla. Nilts ant Way Stations. *l I : «»*
•»:O«a Davia, Woodland. Knishts Landing.
MarySTille. OroTllle «7:15p
• ft:0O» Atlantic i:«pres9— Ojdon and Kast '0: IS*
•9:00 a Alaitincz, Trie;, Lathrop, Stockton,
Mero-il an<l Vrcsuo •12:13*
•»<«•* PortCosU, Iresuo. .Mt.Jsfo aud l.ua -
Ant|cU-!i ¦ # O:-I3»
• lOiOOa Vsll.j.i. Martinez and Way Station* # C: I.lf
•I I:OO\ iluywarOs. Niles ami Way Stations. *3: 13»
•ia:O<lM Nllcs. LirrTinore, RtocFiton, Hacra-
mento, Afcndota, 1 1_i.f r .l, Vijili*,
PcrUrtillo -liinv
fliOOp SACramento IMfcr Stcnmert t*"'"»P
rf 3:O«r licTwxcxlt. Niks acd Way Siatlons. ••¦»: I3p
•4:«»P MnrtineK, Han lCamoa, Vallejo,
Na^a. «;«liiiti.ua. Santa Koga *»il3*
•••••Or Benlclo, VacaTlllo, Naeramento,
Woo<llaml, Kntsali J^iudlnz.
MarysTlll.-, Or.niiio- «1»:43*
*l:3npNlles.Ksn.lo!:oai»lSt<:c:ktoD a 7il3p
•3:OOpTl)a Oirl Limited- -Trary, Freroo.
lUkrnliclil, >air,'n» Tor .Sn:» I !ar-
• bara, Lr3 Angeles *lOtl3i
o3:00p Sncset I.irr it.-l— 111 Paso, Sew Or-
Icscsantl Last c'*«4Sa
•3«30r Stockton, Mcrce.J, Trcsno •I»:I3»
•3:3opFrosiio, "SaLetslloM. Sant;» Rarlmra.
Ixm Angeles,- I)eminj. Xl I'aso,
K«w Orlc-.ns and East *Si43a
•3i3Hr Santa la l:<mtc— Athuitio Expreaa
for Mojain Mud Mast 'BslSp
•0:OOp naytruds. NilesindSan Jose •7:|:»»
tO::tOr Vallejo •13j1.1p
•Oi3(»r OricrUl Mill— O?<:rn and Eax« 'SU-iOr
17:00p Valhj... iMt Costa atul V,«y bU- .
ttous. J«;.">3p
•SiOSr Ore Eon and California Kx|>rr;m.Hao-
;. ' wnmntft MarjaTillc, B«>Mlnc
PorMm-1. Piißft .¦¦•..itn.i mwl K.-mt •«i|.>A
09AST DIVISION (Xarrra Oxngo).
(Foot-rf M.-irlirt Street.)
¦Si l 34 Ne<rarlr,C'c:i4cr»i!l' ¦..' an. lose, I'VUon, ,
UmilUer Cruck.San! a C'riu and T.'ay
Stations «a»3«#
{Siinr Newatk, ContertilV, San .lose, Kcw
Almiiden, felton, BuuMw <,ree!r,
Santa Crux and l'riucipal Wa;
Stations j fIOt.VU
•4:13p Jletrark. Han Joiio. Los (tatoa n»:aOA
(ll:l.tp Htinten' Kxcnnion, Sac Jcs« and
W.iyKtatlo-a t7taoy
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
framSt!! FA*:iCF.u.l-r.->; c' atiltt Slrtet (^!i? s)—
•7:16 9:00 11:00 A.M. |x.*3 *2:00 t3:C3
•4:03 J5:03 •6:::r.M.
FrastOHUXD— r««l of Bn»dw«».— "C:00 8:00 ?0:O0t.M.
t!2;S3 *1:33 U-.SI ;3:C3; 3:C3 ti S3 -3:C:r.M.
TOAST DIVISION (Crom4Uaaga£
(Third mul Townaeml Sti.)
tO:IOv Uccat) View, Hontb Han KraccUco.. fO:aor
•7:OOa San Joxo ji-.<l \T>y f>:, 'i. v. ¦ (New
Alinadcu Wedncsdanonly). *l:S0p
•9:0O» Nau Jose, Tres rinoa, i-md Crux,
racitio OlO««t i'.vio ItuMra. Sail
I. nfs O)iIki«), Surf, Lompoc anil -
Frtndpnl Way Stations MilOr
•ll»!io» S,tn .li.r.-; ninT Way Statimis •«:S.la
•lli:t(>A Ban J.iso an, l Way .Stations *5:34>p
i-l-.tr>,- Hun Matro, Uediroo<l, Mcnlo Psrk,
Palo Aliso. •¦-« :it.» Clara. Mm .Inns,
Tres Ptnos, Bawta t'ruz. B^icaa,
KlnntereyniKl l'arlttc linn- 4IA:!t«4
*3:an r HanJoaeatid Way Station *7:3«»
tlrlSr San Joßean.l rrircipal Way R».atlons *»:43»
t3:OOp Ran Jone and rrlnclpal Wa7 Stations ?'.»:'»»*
M:3Or San Jusa ami Princlnal Way Stations •»:3.1a
•O::i»r flan Jose ami WnyS'atlmia t*:OOA
6ll;l5p San Jos" and Way S'ations »7:30p
A for Morning. ¥ for A f ternoon.
* Daily. t .Sunday exrppte.l. * Sunday only.
6 Satnrdayon!y_
ajTuesditnandr.id;;* c Thursdays and Bundaya. '
CALIFOHNIA NORTfiVESTE2N BY. C<L
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Firry. Foot of Market St.
SAX FRANCISCO TO SAN* RAFAEL.
WEEK DAY 3-7:33. ' S:CO. 11:00 a. m. : 12:53.
J.D, »:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trt»
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Kxtra trlpa at l.iJ
and it :?cj p. m.
SUNDAYS- B:W. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. S:3O.
6:00. «:Jil d. m
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:IO. 7:50. 9:10, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:0.
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trlpa at
1:55 and 3::!.", p. m.
BUNDATS— S:IO, 9:«. U:W a. m.: 1:40. J:«. S:OS,
6:23 d. m
B«twe»n San Francisco and Schuetxen Park
Mime eohedule as >)> v».
Leave I ArrtT«
Ban Francisco. In Effect Saa Francisco.
• . j October U. I
Week I Sun- ISD*. Sun- j Week
Days., days. Destination days. I Days.
7:SO am $:00 am N"vato. 10:40 am J:4O ani
t-.SOpm 9:30 smf P»-taluma. 4:0". pnv 10:25 ant
¦ 8:10 pin 6:00 pm! Sar.ta Ro.ia. 7:35 pm i::2 jta
Fulton.'". = :V
1:30 am Wi daor. 10:33 am
Ilvaldnburs.
Lyton.
Geyservllle.
1:30 pm 8:C0 arn> Cloverdals.' 7:35 pm f:S pm
7:30 am 5 Ufop'an .s and
liftOam! , Uklah. ;.Epm 1:23 pm
___ , i ,
T:3O am } U9:2S ant
1:00 ami Guernevllle. 7:K pm
1:30 pm i:T! pm
7:30 am 5:00 am Scmonia - 10:40 am 8:40 ara
and
8:10 pm 3:00 pm GJen Ellen. S:*". pm <:23 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am[lo:2s am
.3:30 pm 5:00 pm 7:35 pmj 5:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Marie West
Springs and V.*hit« Sulphur Springs: at Lytton
for Lyttan Springs: at Oey^erv!;ie for Ska^ga
fiprlnjfs; at Clcverdale for the G»ysers; at Hop-
land f-vr Duncan Springs. Klßhland Springs.
KelseyTille. Carlsbad i)prln?s. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Uartlett Sprints; at l'kiah (or Vichy
Eprtngs. Saratoga Pprln<{«. Hlue Lak»s. Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley. John bay's. Riverside. Llerley's.
Bucknell's. Banhedrin tlelghts. HullvlUe. Orr*a
Hot Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort Bratrr.
Westport, I'sal, Wlllltts. Laytonvtlle. Cum-
ming's, Bell's Bprlnjs, Harris. Olsea'B. Dyer.
Bcctla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday- round trip tickets at r»-
Cuced rate*.
On Sunday round trio tickets to all points
beyond -Pan Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offlo-*. «:0 Market St.. Chronicle bidg.
H. C WKITINO. . R, X. RTAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS iCENI- HAILWAV
Leave San Francisco via _ausalito Ferry.
- ! W««k Days— 9:3o a. m. and 1:43 p. m.
Bundara..(:oo, 10:00 a. m. and 1:15 p. m.
Bt*asn-hsat*d. doted car on all tralna.
Far*. .Saa SVaacUco to Hutamtt aa4 Hoturo.
Ptt,
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street . wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Sun rises 7:25
Sun setts -6:02
Moon rises.. New
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
Frcond time column gives the second tide at
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column elves the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then t,he number' given Is subtracted from
the depth given. by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the menn of the lower low water*.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
<Socce«rcr<> to Flannasan * GalUen<r>).
FUNERAL DIBECTORB A.ND EMUALMCtIS.
» FUUi it., eppestu L'jicala scHqol.
Telephone SouJi 80. .
N. F. Dethlefsep. Chas. H. Jacob.
CMA.S. H. JACOB & CO.,
Funeral Directors . and Embalmars. tIS
Mason street, between Geary and O'Fax-
rell streets. Telephone, Main £213.
/V*o/\\/OV A. CO..
FUNKKAL DIRECTORS &. EMBALMER3,
IZH Market St.. between Sth and Sth.
Telephone South 247.
9
L
TO SAIL.
I jts New Moon,
Su. Mo Tu. We Th. Fr. Sa. \s/ January 1.
i 9 2 4 5 <T First Quarter,
J L_l_l_ _ -g January 8.
7 B 9 . 10 11 12 13 Full Moon,
ITIT ITITIT IT ToT w January v -
//y Last Quarter,
2122232«252627v!i January 23.-
28 29 BO 31 i fZ\ Kew Moon^
OLW HW LW HW
p Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
p Time Time ; Time Time
HWLWH W L. W
1 .. 0:08 4.8 4:31 8.2 10:23 6.0 5:27 —1.0
2 . 0:43 4.9 6:22 2.9 11:15 6.0 6:09 —0.0
S ... 1:23 5.0 6:16 2.S 12:10 5.81 6:50 —0.<
4 ... 2:01 5.2 7:13 2.6 1:07 5.4 7:33—0.1
5.. 2:40 5.4 8:15 2.2 2:11 6.0 8:1S 0.4
6 ... 3:20 5.6J 9:21 1.9 3:21 4.5 9:OS 1.1
7 ...I 4:05| 5.6[10:26| 1.5['4.40 4. 2[ 10:00 1.7
titeamer.
I
From.
Due.
Alliance ... [Oregon Ports Jan: 1
K. Thompson... (Seattle Jan. 1
Matteawan ...... jTacoma Jan.' 1
Albion Tillam<x>k „. ..>;.. Jan.. 1
Czarina |Reattle ......... Jan. 1
Coos Bay Newport :*. Jan. 1
Crescent City... Crescent City: Jan. 1
Aberdeen ....... Portland f . Jan. 1
Mackinaw Seattle .-. Jan. 1
Bristol Departure 8ay.. ......-.:. Jan. 1
Empire Coos Bay. Jan. 1
A. BlanchanJ...|Coos Bay Jan. 1
Coqir.Ue R'.ver.. ICirays Harbor Jan. 2
Australia Honolulu 1 Jan. 2
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound Jan. 2
North Fork iHumboldt Jan. 2
South Portland. [Departure Bay Jan. 2
NewburK |C-ray» Harbor Jan. 2
Q W Elder |Portland: Jan. 2
Corona ißan Diego Jan. 3
Orizaba Ulumboldt Jan. 2
Alffoa 'China and Japan Jan. 3
Jeanle Seattle '.... Jan. 3
I'oint Arena Point Arena Jan. ?
WashtenaW .... Tacoma... ...-. Jan. 4
Homer Portland Jan. 4
Columbia Portland Jan. 6
Bonlta Newport Jan. S
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. 6
Hongkong Maru China and Japan Jan. S
Santa Rosa |San Diepo Jan. 7
Samoa |Humboldt ...Jan. 7
Pan Juan iPanama :.... Jan. 7
T'matllla ... ! Victoria & Puc^t Round Jan. 7
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
Queen Vie & pgt 6d. Jan. 1, 10 am Pier 9
Santa Rosa San Dleso Jan. 1. 11 am Pier 11
Samoa Humboldt Jan. 2, 10 am Pier 13
A IHanch'diCoos Bay Jan. 2, spm Pier 13
Cocs Buy... Newport Jan. 3, 9am Pier 11
Aloha Crescent City. Jan. 3. Bpm Pier 2
State of Cal PorMand...... Jan. 3, 10 am Pier 2t
Aberdeen ..Portland Jan. 4. 2pm
Orizaba Humboldt Jan. 4, 2pm Pier 9
Corona San IMefro Jan. 6, 11 am Pier 11
North Fork. Humboldt. .... Jan. 6, 9am Pier ¦ 2
Coqullle Rv Grays Harbor Jan. 5,'
Newburg .. Grays Harbor Jan. 6
Homer Portland". Jan. 6. 10 am Pier 20
Pan Pedro.. Humboldt Jan. 6, 4pm Pier 1J
Gaelic Chlna&Japan Jan. 6. Ipm PMSS
Walla Wall Vie & Pgt Sd. Jan. 6. 10 am Pier »
It Arena.. Point Arena.. Jan. «, 2pm Pier 2
Honlta Newport Jan. 7, Bam Pier 11
Curacao ... Mexico Jan. -7, 10 am Pier 11
Columbia ..Portland Jan. S. 10 am Pier 24
Acapulco ..Panama Jan. 8.12 m PMSS
Pomcna ISan Diego Jan. 9. 11 am Pier 11
I jts New Moon,
Su. Mo Tu. We Th. Fr. Sa. \s/ January 1.
i 9 2 4 5 <T First Quarter,
J L_l_l_ _ -g January 8.
7 B 9 . 10 11 12 13 Full Moon,
ITIT ITITIT IT ToT w January v -
//y Last Quarter,
2122232«252627v!i January 23.-
28 29 BO 31 i fZ\ Kew Moon^
OLW HW LW HW
p Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
p Time Time ; Time Time
HWLWH W L. W
1 .. 0:08 4.8 4:31 8.2 10:23 6.0 5:27 —1.0
2 . 0:43 4.9 6:22 2.9 11:15 6.0 6:09 —0.0
S ... 1:23 5.0 6:16 2.S 12:10 5.81 6:50 —0.<
4 ... 2:01 5.2 7:13 2.6 1:07 5.4 7:33—0.1
5.. 2:40 5.4 8:15 2.2 2:11 6.0 8:1S 0.4
6 ... 3:20 5.6J 9:21 1.9 3:21 4.5 9:OS 1.1
7 ...I 4:05| 5.6[10:26| 1.5['4.40 4. 2[ 10:00 1.7
titeamer.
I
From.
Due.
Alliance ... [Oregon Ports Jan: 1
K. Thompson... (Seattle Jan. 1
Matteawan ...... jTacoma Jan.' 1
Albion Tillam<x>k „. ..>;.. Jan.. 1
Czarina |Reattle ......... Jan. 1
Coos Bay Newport :*. Jan. 1
Crescent City... Crescent City: Jan. 1
Aberdeen ....... Portland f . Jan. 1
Mackinaw Seattle .-. Jan. 1
Bristol Departure 8ay.. ......-.:. Jan. 1
Empire Coos Bay. Jan. 1
A. BlanchanJ...|Coos Bay Jan. 1
Coqir.Ue R'.ver.. ICirays Harbor Jan. 2
Australia Honolulu 1 Jan. 2
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound Jan. 2
North Fork iHumboldt Jan. 2
South Portland. [Departure Bay Jan. 2
NewburK |C-ray» Harbor Jan. 2
Q W Elder |Portland: Jan. 2
Corona ißan Diego Jan. 3
Orizaba Ulumboldt Jan. 2
Alffoa 'China and Japan Jan. 3
Jeanle Seattle '.... Jan. 3
I'oint Arena Point Arena Jan. ?
WashtenaW .... Tacoma... ...-. Jan. 4
Homer Portland Jan. 4
Columbia Portland Jan. 6
Bonlta Newport Jan. S
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. 6
Hongkong Maru China and Japan Jan. S
Santa Rosa |San Diepo Jan. 7
Samoa |Humboldt ...Jan. 7
Pan Juan iPanama :.... Jan. 7
T'matllla ... ! Victoria & Puc^t Round Jan. 7
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
Queen Vie & pgt 6d. Jan. 1, 10 am Pier 9
Santa Rosa San Dleso Jan. 1. 11 am Pier 11
Samoa Humboldt Jan. 2, 10 am Pier 13
A IHanch'diCoos Bay Jan. 2, spm Pier 13
Cocs Buy... Newport Jan. 3, 9am Pier 11
Aloha Crescent City. Jan. 3. Bpm Pier 2
State of Cal PorMand...... Jan. 3, 10 am Pier 2t
Aberdeen ..Portland Jan. 4. 2pm
Orizaba Humboldt Jan. 4, 2pm Pier 9
Corona San IMefro Jan. 6, 11 am Pier 11
North Fork. Humboldt. .... Jan. 6, 9am Pier ¦ 2
Coqullle Rv Grays Harbor Jan. 5,'
Newburg .. Grays Harbor Jan. 6
Homer Portland". Jan. 6. 10 am Pier 20
Pan Pedro.. Humboldt Jan. 6, 4pm Pier 1J
Gaelic Chlna&Japan Jan. 6. Ipm PMSS
Walla Wall Vie & Pgt Sd. Jan. 6. 10 am Pier »
It Arena.. Point Arena.. Jan. «, 2pm Pier 2
Honlta Newport Jan. 7, Bam Pier 11
Curacao ... Mexico Jan. -7, 10 am Pier 11
Columbia ..Portland Jan. S. 10 am Pier 24
Acapulco ..Panama Jan. 8.12 m PMSS
Pomcna ISan Diego Jan. 9. 11 am Pier 11m S. STROZYNSKI CO.,
(Established 18721
ff'/~\ 24 GEARY STREET,
¥@/J:/u-J^S/ J : / u-J^S LEADISQ LADIES' PRIZE HAIR DRESSERS,
\ffi<?~3 WIG AND TOUPeE MAKtRS.
/VvH\V Vl^> We have the be:>t ec ! ul "PP ed establish-
l^S^X ]£ /^ roeht on the coast. We receive novelties
•\ >^v= regularly every season, having agencies
\\ r !/f in New York and Paris - Our imported
patent for shampooing and dyeing is per-
lect and gives great comfort.
We have a system for restoring gray and bleached hair to Its natural
colors only known to us. There is no failure.
Our lace cosmetics are standard goods. Our Wfgs and Toupees are a
prrfect fit and cannot be detected.
If you wish honest advice consult us. You know you can trust us.
Our halrdressing cannot be excelled.
L. E. McCLOSKEY. B. J. RYBICKI.
LIEUTENANT FRED L. ESOLA.
county of San Francisco. It has been
known for some time that Mr. Esola was
in high favor with the Mayor and The
Call has been informed by responsible
people, who were either directly or indi
rectly Interested, that in the formation
of the Police Commission his appointment
was a large consideration. In fact, so
firmly convinced was Mayor Phelan that
Mr. Esola would be the right man for the
place that he made his appointment the
test of eligibility and those who expressed
themselves as antagonistic failed to find
their names among the lucky ones wfien
the announcements were made.
Almost at the eleventh hour one of
San Francisco's prominent legal lights
was called In and proffered a commission
ership by the Mayor and apparently only
the formality of his acceptance stood be^
tween him and his appointment. At the
last moment he was asked if he had any
objection to Mr. Esola as Chief of Police
and replied that he had. "Why," asked
Mayor Phelan. "He is a better man than
Lees, is he not?
"I do not think he is," was the reply-
Lees has had long experience and is still
capable and I do not see why he should
be displaced." Mayor Phelan then ex
plained his Interest in his candidate by
saying: '
When Mr. Hearst was out here the last
time he expressed great admiration for
Lieutenant jEsoia and asked me as a per
sonal request to make him Chief of Police
if the opportunity should arise. The op
portunity Is here and I am strongly In
clined to accede to Mr. Hearst's request."
The Mayor's explanation, however, did
not serve to convince Lee's champion and
he left the ottlce. His name also failed
to appear among subsequent announce
ments.
The newly appointed Commissioners are
non-committal when asked as. to their
preference tor the Chief's ofllce, but to
friends all but one of them has expressed
himself as favorable to Lieutenant
Esola's appointment. Mr. Biggy has made
no secret of his loyalty to the Mayor's
choice, William Thomas has said nothing,
but is understood to be of the same mind
and George W. Newhall is known as a
warm friend of Mayor Phelan ana ready
to lend his vote to Esola's case when the
commission shall come together to consid
er the matter. Dr. W. F. McNutt has
said that he would not vote for Esola,
but despite the doctor's denial It is posi
tively known that he will be on hand
when the can comes.
Of the four candidates who at first as
serted their claims to the office only
Esola remains. .Captain Wlttman retired
early in the nght; Colonel W. P. Sullivan
declares that he never was a candidate
and Chief Lees gave up the fight on Sat
urday. Early in the day the Chief was
made aware of the personnel of the new
commission .and calling an expressman he
loaded all of his personal. effects and pri
vate records Into a dray and had them
taken to his home. Lees Is as confident
as are others as wise In politics that
Esola Is to be his. successor.
As stated above, The Call unhesitating
ly predicts that Lieutenant Fred Esola
will be the next Chief of Police. If the
prediction be true The Call hopes that he
will prove a good man In the place. It
will support him In his efforts to do right,
and will not hesitate to crltcize him if he
be ever at fault.^BßS -. -;c
twentieth century. Pirwt, the latxw erne»- ¦
tlon. It is a pity the present century should
close with selfishness so swaying the heart*
of men. There is a mighty battle between .
the rich and poor. .' ' ¦ • ¦ • ¦ . ;
At the beginning of this century ther« .'•
were but two millionaires In this country. .
To-day there are 404 T. The other question
Is that of settling country disputes between
nations. It is a burning shame that in th«
closing years of the nineteenth century war
is raging In the world and is carried out by
the two most highly civ Mr-ed nations on the .
face of the globe. America and Great Brit
ain are to-day settling disputes by the
bloody sword, ft is a sad picture. Oh,
when wil! we learn that the sword must
jrlre Way to the scerter of Christ? The .
twentieth century must answer. _.¦¦'¦- ..._'.'.
Rev. E. A. Woods In his sermon last
night to the members of the First Bap
tist Church said: •••:.'
"On this last day of the year if we
listen we shall hear a voice saying to
us. "Trust not to your own . wisdom, but
consult with God. The past of life Is
gone, but the present is ours. Shall w«
make next year bettor than the past has
been? Let us commence to-day."
If Rr the old year glides away,
A weary wraith in the wind and the- cold.
We could but begin in the New Year's day
A clf-an. new life, and could drop the old—.'.
¦ What blessings untold would to us be given— ¦
. Scarce in our hearts would be room for
heaven.
Rev. Philip Coombe, pastor of the
Richmond ¦ Congregational Church,
preached yesterday morning on "What
Has the Nineteenth Century Bequeathed
to the Twentieth?" In part he said:. :
The nineteenth century has led us out of th«
dark regions, of atheism aJongr the cold road of
scientific investigation into the pleasant places
of intelligent faith in God, and enterprising: en
deavor for bringing . alt ; the nations of the
earth into the s&ir.e ropdly heritage. How,
then, can we best undertake twentieth century
responsibilities? .
For generations the unborn did with few ad
vanta«f a. <5M In the face of great obstacles,
did In poverty, unappreciated, almost unknown,
their worth unrecognized, until they w*nt to
heaven and heard God say to them each, "Well
done, good arid faithful servant; enter thou.in
to the joy ot thy Ix»rd." We must undertake
th» wr>rk that la nearest to our hand and do
It as well and bravely as if God and the whole
world were looklnsr on. ¦' ' .
We may do this by realizing- what the«» r»-
FjyinEib'.lltles axe. We are. prone to forgetre
pponelbllltles In the enjoyment of great privi
leges. :. ¦"•:•:¦ ,*>:•'.>< • • .
Webster Invoked a curre ur-?n himself one*,
if he ever forgot what hi*' father did for his
education. May we, .every one of us, say:
• - I>et my r!prht han<! forget Its cunning If I ever
foriret my nineteenth century benefactors." We
ought to remember. .;' ¦' ¦¦¦;'¦'.-'.
All the available police officers In the
city were on duty on Market street from
il:30 o'clock last night until after the new
year was ushered in. Captain Spillane no
tified the men who usually report off duty
at midnight to remain on their beats until
32:30 o'clock, and the relief watch was
ordered out half an hour earlier than
usual. All the officers on the side streets
were also Instructed to patrol Market
street and assist in keeping the crowd In
check.
ARCHDEACON WEBER TO
DELIVER AN ADDRESS
The New Tear's programme will be ln
aujsrurated at the Young Men's Christian
Association to-day at 12 o'clock with an
address to men by Mr. Weber, who Is a
recent arrival from the East and is fa
vorably known the the "Moody of the
Episcopal church." There will be special
music by a male chorus. All men are
welcome to the services.
There will be an informal reception In
the parlors of the association at 2 o'clock,
an athletic exhibition in the gymnasium
at 3:30 and a musical and literary enter
tainment at 8 o'clock in the evening in the
association auditorium. ¦ The Chicago
Novelty Musical Company will take a
prominent part in the evening's pro
gramme. The Columbian orchestra will
furnish music during the day.
THOSE WHO OPPOSED HIM WERE
TURNED DOWN.
Although the New Commissioners
Make Denial, The Call Is in Pos
session of Facts to Support
the Statement.
Although no announcement to that ef
fect has come out of Mayor Phelan's of
fice. The Call, after a careful canvass of
the situation, does not hesitate to pre
dict the appointment of Lieutenant Fred
erick Esola as the successor of I. W.
Lees as Chief of Police of the city and
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A HANDSOME
XMAS STOCK.
ALL OUR GOODS ARE NEW. NO OLD
slock. Everything of this year's design can
be seen at RADKE & CO.'S. the jewelers, lig
Butter street Inspection solicited.
Price marked In plain figures,
2£aJl order a special feature. ,
BAJ A CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IB A GREAT RKSTOKATtVE. IKVIUOKA.
tcr and Nenrice.
Tht mo»t wonderful aphrodisiac md Special
Xoßle tor th« Sexu&l Orraa* of both sens.
Th« ilcxleaa Keinedy lor Disease* of the Kld-
t»y» and BUdier. Fells on IU own merits.
._, .. KAJIER. ALTS * BBUNE, Acenta,
CS Karltet street. & F.— (Bead for Clrcularj
DR. McNUTT QUALIFIES.
He Was Extremely Outspoken
in His First Utterances.
Dr. W. F. McNutt, one of theiiew Board
of Police Commissioners, attempts to
"hedge" on his Interview published in yes
terday's Call/ This Is what he says:
¦ Editor Call: In looking 'over, the interview
aa given in The Call this morning, it reads as
tf I had made reflections on some members of
the police force. Nothing could be further from
my intentions. I suppose owing to the hurry
and lateness of the hour the reporter misunder
stood me.
'xlie Call has no excuse to make for what
¦ Trapper"* OU cures rheumatism & neuralgia.
DrugElsrs. SOc flzak. Richards & Co. 406 Cl&r.
CUT HIS BROTHER.
Trouble' in the Italian Colony Over
the Possession of a Oirl.
Two brothers in the Italian colony
quarreled over the possession of a young
girl yesterday, and one cut the other with
a knife. Officers G. W. Haggatt and John
Fleming, who were on duty In the neigh
borhood, responded to a call, and on go
ing to Grant place, which is off Filbert
street, they met Dominick Navarro, who
Informed them that he had been cut by his
brother Salvador. The two brothers wpre
taken to the California-street station. At
the station Dominick exhibited a four-
Inch gash on the inside of his left thigh.
Salvador, the offending brother, was
looked up on the charge of assault with a
deadly. weapon, while the injured man was
taken to the Receiving Hospital for treat
ment.
The cause of the trouble between the
brothers is the possession of the 15-year
old daughter of Dominick, with whom
Salvador is madly in love. The girl's
father objected to the intimacy and, re
fused to give his daughter in marriage to
his brother, not so much, however, on ac
count of relationship as because his broth
er is a bad man. according to his state
ment. Both men are engaged In the ilsh
peddling business and are fairly well to
do.
January Bargains
18 cents a pair
for good stockings
Commencing Tuesday morning we shall have on sale a
special purchase of ladies' black cotton hose, absolutely
stainless, with double soles, high spliced heels and double
toes, which will be offered at the extraordinarily low price of
I 8 c a pair
Ribbons
All silk taffeta ribbons, and 4 inches wide, in plain
solid colors, also with fancy hair line stripes, worth 35c, for
2Oc a yard
Wool Shawls Table Covers
Allwoolwoven*shawls36 Serviceable dining-room
ft» *vw. t ? tab covers, two yards
inches square in red, blue square> gQod qual|ty £
and pinK at tapestry, in a variety of de-
45c each signs with fringes all around,
special price
Wool Waists $3.00 each
All of this season's wool Portieres,
waists have been reduced Reversible tapestry por-
about one-third in order to tieres — the designs are new
sell them out before stock- in beautiful combinations of
taking. colors, 3 yards long, full
Braided and plain in red, width, with fringes on both
navy, green and black, re- ends, special value at
ducedto $3.50 a pair
$2.2 C each jy
r J Rugs
Braided flannel and cash- de^ " e^ hi f? r f "* °,f, f choice
mere waists, well made of t^LS, S FUgS '
good material, reduced to S^'^^xcep.
$2.90 each ' $1.40 each
129 Kearny St.
Write for our neio illustrated catalogue.
Temblor Anects Geysers.
SAX DIEGO, Dec. 31.— Charles- Taggart.
who arrived In this city to-day from tha
Cocopah country of Lower California,
reports that me earthquake of Christmas
day had a marked effect upon the geysera
of that region, causing 1 them to spout with
redoubled force.
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. On« dose will stop
a couch. ' Never falls. Try It. All druggists.
Dr. McNutt stated to the reporter who
Interviewed him. He was quoted correct
ly, and In no respect was he misunder
stood. He was extremely outspoken and
decidedly explicit. It Is useless for the
doctor to use the "lateness of the houx"
as a subterfuge.
Doolan for Secretary.
It was seml-offlcially announced yester
day mat Richard P. Doolan •would be ap
pointed secretary of the Board of Edu
cation, although R. Hoey is giving him a
hard run for the office. The new board
will meet on Tuesday or Wednesday of
this week to draw lots for the long and
short terms of office and to discuss the fu
ture policy of the board. The board will
also discuss the reorganization of the
heads of departments in the high schools.
a work already commenced by the pres
ent board.
Died From Lockjaw.
Loula Peterson, the young electrician,
who resided- at lIS Sixth street, died yes
terday afternoon at the County Hospital
from lockjaw. About a week ago he in
jured his foot with a rusty nail. After be
ing taken to the hosptial the physicians
experimented upon him with anti-toxin,
but without success.
THE old year wept mm. a little as It
pase<yl on to join : the has-beens of
the calendar. It was not much of
a rain, only an occasional drizsie.
and it dimmed no enthusiasm and
liept no people under cover, for the cloudu
overhead were the only things Borrowing
over the i!ight,of time. There wae a sug
gestion of. the noise, to come even as early
as the afternoon. There w*re no steam
•whirtJes to speak, of . except those of the
fiabbath-breaking steamships and locomo
tives., but there were horns and cowbells
'tuning up to swell the chorus due after
(flark;-.*. - ' •
It was noirf/r than UFual. even fcr a
.Zinging oat of the pM and a ringing In of
r lhe new, for .'the. end of the century as
nrell i as "¦ the end of the year had some
¦^hir-g:; to do with it. Not that any one
; Btoppecf;la*t night 10 argue whether that
or th!e year marked the beginning of the
ijjew ce-nti;ry. It was too wild an hour lor
{rxiatht>maiics and chronology, and all any
one. was sure of was that IS9S ¦ was fast
clipping aaay and its last moments would
be gpest in revelry. ¦ If they ended the
century, then I£«W wa« well ushered In; If
they dTd . not, there was a chance to do
•J>ctt<r :i«'xt. year. ;
j And the newness of the new year leat
llß.aid. lathe humor of the people. With
.peace dawning in the Philippines; pros
perity ooza:g from 'every one of the coun
try's-pores; with new gold fields. looming
•up all over the north, and money in -every
ione.'e ha-iitis and more to back it in every
"poifket; with the panhandle park in siirht
*nd the -schools and rthe .hospital and the
eewcrs too. ai*i the new churver just com
ing in and the new order of things gener
ally prepared in the past, and ready lor
the Juuirt — it was no wonder thu streets
¦were ink-d witii a. people devoid of ue
corum iiiia dignity anu eager only for the
enjoyment that license brings, laid the air
¦was astir v.itn the clamor peculiar to the
new yturs eve. ,/. : ¦
The tin horn w~s ail powerful in the
t>ai»ol of the tint-ts. It seemed to be the
!OSJy instrument vie enthusiasts could
play iv a. tnanner to suit the time- and oc-
The festive cow Dell played a bass
*tx> ¦ the'.trebl*- at isorns, and Ohinatowr.
was levied on. tor its shrillest and most
.'squeaking pipes. The Christmas ever
• jrrven, the pui'gentTir Ivoughs were waved
jin the faces oi the women and in those
'd the men, too. whenever a too eo
.licitous escort sought to protect the lady
• lie hod rashly i*--ci into the crowd, tine
• had to siand it and so did he, or else go
on the other siae of the street. As tlie
.jiipht wore on, however, tnere was no
'«lac of the street to choose from, and
'those who were out at all were caught
¦tip t>y the crowd. To save themselves
xr.any stood along the buildings and in the
doorways and looked on, lor it is a
pleasure to watch people who think they
aire enjoying themselves, but even this
refuge ot the non-combatants was linally
raided and every one was hurried along
Jn the living stream that had captured
the city.
Jt was a wild, delirious crowd and one
that stretched to its fullest the license
lent it — or perhaps the license it had
taken upon itself. ; It grew and grew, and
the strokes of the clock multiplied until
when the hour of midnight arrived it was
l. howling, hooting, concourse of lunatics;
a. ri\f-r of noise; a New Year's pande
monium. And then, as the horns rasped
the air to greet the bells that rang out
the last <>f the year, some one with music
in his soul and a sense of the fitness of
things stepped out into Market street and
blow taps upon his bugle. The old year
<Ud well. Jt had much to Its credit and
not much to blajne. and it must have had
the satisfaction when it left the crowds
upon vlk- streets that if the people it had
served wore not really happy at least they
thought they were.
All tho timo the people ¦ were raising
riot in the streets, the churches were
crowded with others who had a different
¦way of spoinp the old year out. At every
houf.e of worship thore were services, and
at nearly cli the services held were pe
culiar tii" the occasion.
"The B*-IJs of l!«0O" -was the subject of
the evening sermon delivered by Rev.
William Kader to the congrepatlon of the
Third Congregational Church last even-
Ing. In part he said:
The old yew la a book that Is read. The
new year is a book whh the leaves uncut
and paffi unread. God alone knows the
contents or the unseen volume of the year.
"ftine out th* old. ring Id the new." R'.nj?
out that eld trouble, you have had It lor.gr
mmis'h; rlr.s oot the old tin, It grows
•stronger year l>y year: ring out the ?hou
rand yemra of war; rlr.r In the thousand
¦veara of jwaee. As lh» hell rinsers of Pa-
Mlle ri*k«l tjielr liv** o'.'mbSng In the belfry
axil mounting the sfloat Ik>llf, and Fwung
Thi^n to en<3 fro until the city rane with the
, jnus.tc, so you reach the b^-st. Mour.t upon
the. hich^st and "rinsr-in the Chr!st that Si
to«y". ¦
R*v. "W. n. Ducafi. pastor of the Stew
art Memorial Church, preached a sermon
on "The Onen Door" last evening and In
part h«> «aM: . . :
>.= »-«> or.t«r udoij t>.# new yr&r w<» pass
Jn to the last t*MJ- v* the olfl century, »nd
»H an^'h-r Z&> davp have rolled away, t.-<>
rha.il ijass thnußh th«» floor that l<?ad* to the
Ktu-vA ;ioF>?ihi!it!"« of the twentieth century.
Th*. r-rntury. •xvhloh hae but another year to
run his b^n iraucht with srreat achieve
tlHTl'l* It so far rersosfi the other elfth
?«~-n ccnt'jr*"? that the world to-day Is a
ia-n(tip» :sd»*e<J a* coir.xarcd ¦with the old
•xrr-rld. But th» of di!<cov«ry and
In vent! or: of this century are hut the rough
«Fu:er vestibule, and soon we shall pass
tfcrooftl the ttwntlffil oentory door, ir.lo
poenlUMtieK tha* u-ouid Ftartie the lraajftna
tion. Ttvo questions -win be settled In the
During the entire month of Jan-
uarg we will offer great bargains
in. all our departments to close
out our fall and winter goods.
Specials This Week.
•
•
¦
.•¦•' .
¦25,000 uards FINE WHITE EMBROinERIES,
ioth Nainsook and Cambric, edainus and
insertinas, half inch to 7 inches wide.
Prices 5c to 50c Yard
These embroideries are fullu 25 Der cent
less than similar aoods can be imcorted
for at the present time.
275 PRINTED FRENCH SATEEN COMFORT-
• ERS, size for three-auarter beds, beauti-
ful desians,with Dure snowflake fillina.
Price 52.50 Each
Worth 53.50
300-uairs WHITE CALIFORNIA BLANKETS,
extra size and superfine aualitu.
Price 53.75 Pair
Regular Value 55.00
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
THE 6AK FBANOISpO GALL, BfONDAT, JANTJAET 1, 1900.
10
ESOLA WILL BE
THE SUCCESSOR
OF CHIEF LEES
Commission Already
:'.'¦• Framed.
HE HAD THE REQUIRED PULL
NEW SAN FRANCISCO
GREETS THE
NEW YEAR