I«l~ CALX. HEADQUARTERS. SACRAMENTO, Feb. s.— The programme for * the ballot to-morrow was mapped out this
evening. In the Senate Dr. Cheater Rowell cf Fresno will -place Thomas R/ Bard In nomination for, -United States Sen
ator. The regular speech seconding the nomination wlll.be made by Senator : Davis of Amador. It Is presumed that
Judge Davis will not miss the opportunity of tossing a few bouquets to Irving M. Scott while extolling the .Ventura states
man. In the Assembly L. H. Valentine of Los Angeles 'will place; Mr. ; Bard in nomination. The seconding speeches will
be made by W. H. Cobb of San Francisco and C. ' M. , Belshaw of Contra Costa. Mr. : Bard will. secure a constitutional ma
jority, in each house. His election will; be ratified In Joint- convention ion "Wednesday. .'He- will ; visit San , Francisco before \
ho returns to his home in Ventura County. He has acceptedan^lnvltation to visit, Los' Angeles at an, early day. .
Formal Ratifi
cation To-Day
in the Senate
and House of
the Magnifi
cent • Victory
o f Friday
Last.
California Legislators
Ready to Invest
With the Senatorial
Toga the Venturan
Who Has Been
Summoned to Serve
the' State.
CALL HEADQUAR
TERS, SACRAMENTO,
Feb. 5. — Thomas R.
Bard will be elected United
States Senator to-morrow by
the Assembly and Senate voting
separately. The splendid victory
which was won last Friday night
will receive the stamp of formal
ity at noon, and if Bard does not
receive the vote of every Repub
lican in the Legislature it will be
because one or two still feel that
they must give a complimentary
vote to a friend. The great fight
is at last pyerjand .in
sion every well-meaning elector
of California can share with Re
publicans the congratulations
which are being made from one
end of the State to the other over
a superb triumph of good gov
ernment, decency and integrity
in public life and the vindication
o f the Republican party from the
severest test that could be made
to men.
The men who stood pledged
to D. M. Burns were authorita
tively released from their obliga
tions to-day, and with that re
lease they hastened to pledge
themselves to vote for Bard to
morrow. They knew that ob
struction to the will of the ma
jority could result only in creat
ing a short delay, at the same
time working their own undoing.
The obstructionists recognized
therefore the wisdom of pre
serving their party fences, and
with this recognition closes one
of the most remarkable if not the
most extraordinary political bat
tles .ever fought in California.
In many respects the election
of Bard is without parallel in the
political history of the State. At
the regular session he was an as
pirant, but not such a one as to
create any interest. He played
no part in the stern struggle of
last winter, and at the opening
of the extra session his name did
not prompt a second thought in
his mind, or in the mind of any
body else. He had given up any
hope of attaining the ambition
for the realization of which he
yearned a year ago. When the
summons came for him to go to
Sacramento he was in his Ven
tura orchard, garbed in the rough
garments of a farmer — in over*
alls and jumper — performing tho
duties of the field.
Then came the call, and Bard
answered it. He hastened to
Sacramento to meet forces that
had been in battle array for over
a year. These forces were sup
plemented by the corrupt power
of the Southern Pacific Company
and of the Governor of the State.
But Bard came to meet them.
He had no organization and no
friends to do for him the mission
ary work which seems always to
be so vital an element in a con-
LEGISLATORS WHO WILL NOMINATE BARD. TO-DAY.
February 15, but after that has
been acted upon Senator Morgan
intends to call up the canal bill
and push it to a speedy vote.
There will be some opposition
from Senators who think it
would be wise to wait for the re
port of the Walker Commission,
but few members will oppose the
bill in its present form.
TREATY SIGNED BY
HAY AND PAUNCEFOTE
It Is Said No Concessions Were Made
to England in Return for
Her Action.
WASHINGTON, Feb. s.— The Hay-
Pauncefote treaty, amendatory of the
Clayton-Bulwer treaty relative to the con
struction of the Nicaragua canal, was
signed at the State Department to-day by
Secretary Hay for the United States and
Lord Pauncefote for Great Britain.
Though the consummation of the treaty
occupied some time, owing to the neces
sity of comparing the two drafts, there
was little formality about the ceremony
and the convention that is expected to be,
for the United States at least, of the
most far-reaching Importance and value,
came into being without any theatrical
surroundings. There were present be-
Eides Secretary Hay and Lord Pauncefote
only Mr. Bromley, honorary attache of
the British embassy and prospective son
in-law of Lord Pauncefote: Sidney Smith,
chief of the Diplomatic Bureau, and Wil
liam Gwynn. the faithful and discreet
messenger to the Department of State,
who placed the seals upon this convention
as he has on nearly every treaty of im
portance to which the United States has
been a party for the past thirty years.
The first thing in order was to compare
the two drafts of the treaty carefully, to
insure their Identity, which work was
performed by Smith and Bromley. Then
the signing took place. Secretary Hay at
taching his signature first to the copy of
the treaty which is to be retained by the
United States Government. As the final
ratifications the seals were attached and
then there were congratulations and the
ceremony was over.
Smith and Bromley retired and Secre
tary Hay and Lord Pauncefote had a long
private chat.
Smith carried the freshly signed treaty
to the White House, where the letter of
transmittal was signed by the President
so that the treaty could be dispatched at
once to the United States Senate for rati
ficaion. The letter of transmittal was
purely formal, simply commending the
treaty to the Senate without entering
upon any argument to demonstrate Its
great value.
Secretary Hay declined to make public
the text of the treaty or even to make
any statement as to Its details, holding
that courtesy to the Senate obliged him
to remain silent until the Senate Itself
removed the seal of confidence from the
treaty. All that Is now known of thi3
convention is that It amends the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty of ISSO in such manner that
Great Britain yields to the United States
the right to construct the Nicaragua
canal or a canal at any other point on the
Isthmus without British participation.'
Most of the other features In the Cla>-tan-
BARD RECEIVING CONGRATULATIONS AT HIS HEADQUARTERS.
fact that the first news of the success
of the^ attempt to reach an agreement on
this important subject came from London
was the ground for the belief In some
quarters that the negotiations were all
conducted there. As soon as the treaty
is ratified and 'the ratifications have been
exchanged the United States will be at
liberty to proceed at once with the con
struction of the Isthmian canal unfettered
by any obligations toward Great Britain
save that of allowing to British citizens
and to the citizens of other nations the
•use of the canal on the same terms with
American citizens. . . ¦
Possibly this might have been done
with6ut to-day's treaty, for the question
as to whether or not the Clayton-Bulwer
treaty "were still alive has 'been a subject
of controversy for. many years and many
able minds have taken opposite sides. But
the present, administration is convinced
that the Clayton-Bulwer' treaty is still in
force, and it felt itself bound by the most
sacred obligations to live up to the treaty
as long as It stood unchanged; and desir
ing to amend it resorted to the only
honorable means in Its judgment to realize
Its desires. .Hence the treaty signed to
day.
There is absolutely no quid pro quo of
fered to-Great Britain in this treaty in
return for the valuable concession to the
United States. . Whatever return the
United States may choose to make for
this concession is a thing of the future.
»
CLAYTON-BULWER PACT
CONSIDERED OBSOLETE
British Cabinet Begarded the Agree
ment as Out of Date and Im
practicable.
LONDON, Feb. s.— While the publica
tion of the dispatch from Washington re
garding the annulling of the Clayton-
Bulwer Nlcaraguan treaty and the sub
stitution for it of the Hay-Pauncefote
treaty caused considerable surprise, it
was fully confirmed at the Foreign. Of
fice. The apparent celerity In reaching an
agreement is explained by the fact that
the whole matter was practically settled
between Secretary Hay and Lord Paunce
fote in IS9S. About a fortnight ago. in
consequence of the attitude of the Senate.
Mr. Choate here received Instructions to
press the conclusions of the negotiations.
The British Cabinet considered the ques
tion and received the Dominion of Can
ada's sanction to grant the United States'
request.
The attitude of the Cabinet consisted In
the belief that the Clayton-Bulwer treaty
was made when the conditions governing
the nations was so utterly different that
it was now out of date and impracticable.
Believing the present a most inopportune
time for bargaining and haggling, the
British Ministers decided to give the
United States a free hand.
The Westminster Gazette this afternoon
alone comments on the Nicaragua agree
ment. It welcomes the announcement, but
says it is surprised that Great Britain
does not get compensation for "relin
quishing her undoubted rights." The pa
per realizes that Lord Salisbury may have
good reasons for assenting- to this, but
hopes Great Britain's friendly action will
count In the settlement of the Alaskan
dispute.
It can be definitely said, however, that
this decision is based in no little degree
on -the principle of "I'll do you a good
turn, but. remember it when .you have
the chance to do me one." though this
scarcely merits being called even a ver-
Construction of the Trans-Isthmian
Waterway May Soon Be
Commenced.
Sensible Conclusion Reached in Cau
cus, and the Election Will There
fore Be Unanimous.
AMERICAN CONTROL
OF CANAL ASSURED
SUPPORTERS OF BURNS
WILL VOTE FOR BARD
Amendment to
Clayton-Bul
wer Treaty
Removes a
Diploma tic
Obstacle That
Might Have
Led toTrouble
Simple Ceremonies at
the Signing of a
Convention That
Means Much to This
Coast — Congress
Will Soon Act on
Needed Legislation.
Z^NALL HEADQUAR-
I j TERS, WELLINGTON
HOTEL, WASHING
TON, Feb. 5. — A trans-isthmian
canal under American control is
now assured. The amendment
of the Clayton-Bulwer treaty re
moves what might have been a
diplomatic obstacle to Govern
ment construction of the water
way. Both the Senate and
House committees have voted
without a dissenting voice to re
port practically identical bills.
Senator Morgan of Alabama,
chairman of the Senate Commit
tee, said ro-day he expected the
bill to pass the Senate this
month. Representative Hep
burn, chairman of the House
Committee, said he expected it
to pass the House during this
month. A poll of both houses
recentl}' published in The Call
shows that when it comes to a
vote the bill will pass both houses
by overwhelming majorities.
Both bills, while differing in
language Bomewhat, authorize
the President to secure from
Nicaragua and Costa Rica con
trol of such territory as may be
r.ecessarv to construct and de-
fend the proposed canal and
make an indefinite appropriation
to be used in securing' such con
trol. Citizens of Nicaragua and
Costa Rica are to have the same
advantage in the use of the ca
nal as citizens of the United
States. An appropriation of Sio,
000,000 is made for the com
mencement of the work, and the
Secretary of War is authorized to
enter into contracts for its com
pletion to the amount of $140,
000,000, the money to be pro
vided in regular annual appro
priation bills as it shall be
needed.
There is no reason to expect
any serious efforts to delay the
bill in either house of Congress.
Its opponents are so few as to
make such efforts hopeless, and
the prospects are that votes will
be reached in both houses after
short debates. When Mr. Reed
was Speaker he was able to pre
vent consideration of the bill in
the House, but Speaker Header
son is heartily in favor of it and
will aid in expediting action.
Chairman Hepburn's present
plan is to try to secure the con
sideration of the bill by unani
mous consent. Speaker Hender
son has intimated to him that
this can probably be secured. If
there is objection to considera
tion by any of the opponents of
the measure, Mr. Hepburn will
then apply to the Committee on
Rules for a special order, and he
has no doubt of its being granted,
as all the members of that com
mittee are in favor of the bill.
In the Senate the financial bill
will have the right of way until
Bulwer treaty are retained. This -is
notably true of article V, which guaran
tees the absolute neutrality of any. canal
and the security of the capital invested.
It is understood that the United States
continues upon itself the obligation to
maintain the neutralization of the canal,
which shall be open and free. It is also
believed that the treaty looks to an inter
national undertaking on this point. Be
cause the requirements of international
courtesy would not otherwise be observed
it is believed that the Senate will not
make the convention public , before X to
morrow at the earliest, and on this. point
there has been some understanding -be
tween Secretary Hay and the British Goy«
eminent. ¦'.
The treaty was arranged between Sec
retary Hay and Lord Pauncefote, who
are the principals and who manifest ; that'
fact by signing the treaty. Possibly the
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAX FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXVH-NO. 68.
The San Francisco Call
Continued on Second Pa&a.SECOND FLOOR.
J"00 pair* ladies' t2 00 chocs Jl 00
• 609 pairs laiJles' SS 00 shoes 1 75
300 pairs child's XI 00 chocs. B to 7 40
j 400 pairs rlrls' SI 71 chocs. U to t SS
COO r«-irs fine shoes, 8 to 11V4 65
225 pairs fl 2$ fancy slippers U
tOOO yards U-eent sateen 06
3000 yards IS-cent cretonne M 07H
fcOO yards beary checks o;>,
THIRD FLOOR.
70 dozen gent*' SOc ties 20
. COO pairs M 00 wool pants 1 C 3
9 caoes fine dllkoHne comforts 1 60
¦ 60 pairs white or colored blankets S2S
7 bales cotton bats 0»
OPEN FOR BUSINESS .
From 7 a. m. to < p. m. every day this w<»ek—
.Country order*, accompanied by cash, filled
mn> day received. If goods advertised t-till on
fcerid. Across the Bay and city orders deliy«red
free every day. This i* tbr opportunity 'of a
lifetime to get good things at nominal prices.
Great reductions in groceries and provisions—
Speculators smd dealers supplied.
BT THE COMMITTEE.
DEMOCRATS DECIDE
TO VOTE FOR PHELAN
Special Dispatch to The Call. ; j
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. s.— The Democrats met in
caucus to-night In the Supreme Court
demonstrated that their ideal in
politics is purity, not corruption;
that they honor and wish to re
ward men of ability and probity.
In past elections the trail of the
Southern Pacific Company—
sometimes covered, sometimes
open — has inevitably" and almost
universally been traced. If the
giant corporation could not elect
a man of its own price and choos
ing, it would at least fall- on the
winning side by the contribution
of some strength, its polluting
taint would be found somewhere,
but in the election of Thomas R.
Bard the Southern Pacific Com
pany has taken no part. It is
thrust out of the councils of the
Republican leaders of California,
and it should be kept out. This
alone ought to be a theme for
congratulation to the whole peo
ple of California.
During this entire contest,
which began shortly before the
regular session and which has
raged with more or less fury ever
since, The Call has preserved an
unalterable, unswerving policy
to oppose any and all attempts
to place in the United States
Senate any man who was un
worthy of the honor he sought.
It is a matter of the greatest mo-
also obtained by the exercise of tact and
Judgment permission to destroy the incor
rect version which had been presented to
him for approval.
.When Mr. Bard was asked if he
had entered into any arrangements
, with Burns so far as patronage was
concerned he, replied: "None what
ever. The subject was not mentioned
at our meeting."
When Mr. Bard was asked con
cerning Burns' visit he said: "Colonel
Burns called to see me about 3 o'clock
this .afternoon, after his followers
had unanimously resolved to support
me. I was not in when he called,
but learning of his call I returned
the visit and we talked for about ten
minutes. The subject of patronage
was not mentioned."
Mr. Bard was asked if he did not
feel under obligations to the South
ern Pacific Railroad for his election
and to this he replied: "None what
ever." , ,
When asked if he had ever met Herrin,
Mr. Bard at first replied in the negative,
hut. reflecting, called to mind that he met
Herrin three years ago in connection with
the sale of a piece of land to the railroad.
Mr. Bard was asked if he did not expect
the support of the members of the Legis
lature who had been voting for Colonel
Burns. TC this inquiry he replied that he
expected the support of all Republicans
after he had been chosen as the nominee
of the Republican caucus. w.' :
On topics of national character Mr.
Bard pronounced himself an earnest sup
porter of the administration of President
McKinley.l He also declared In favor of
maintaining our new possessions and up
holding the flag wherever it floated. He
also pronounced himself in favejr of the
Republican doctrine of protection. Speak
ing further of national questions, he said
he was in favor of an istttmian canal to
be controlled by the United States alone.
He declared himself opposed to the aggre
gation of capital for the purpose qf^ mo
nopolizing or restraining trade. His posi
tion touching harbor construction at San
Pedro was very clearly defined.' He re
gards the Santa Monica proposition as a
dead issue. :¦. . ¦'¦' ¦ '
Mr. Bard was asked If he agreed with
Senatdr' Perkins 1 In asking- Instructions
from the Legislature, and to this Inquiry
he replied that In matters of -conscience
he would exercise his own Judgment, but
on questions affecting, the public welfare
he would respect the judgment of the peo
ple expressed through the Legislature.. ,
•• — "¦'¦' --:" ,:: ;
BARD IS DELUGED
WITH CONGRATULATIONS
Burns Among the First of Many-
Eager Ones to Greet the Suc
cessful Candidate.
Special Dispatch to The Call. • •
CALL. HEADQUARTERS; SACRA
MENTO. Feb. s.— The headquarters of
Thomas R. Bard at ' the Golden Eagle
were thronged 'all afternoon aqd until' late
to-night with prominent citizens,' high.of
ficials and members of the Legislature,
eager to extend their congratulations to
tho choice of the Republican party for
United States Senator. Among the first
to assure Mr. Bard of his good wishes was
Daniel M. Burns. The winner and loser
exchanged cordial greetings and gave as
surances that whatever bitterness had
been engendered during the Senatorial
fight was a thing of the past.
Governor Gage also visited Mr. Bard
during the afternoon and expressed pleas
ure that the Republicans had centered
upon him to represent the State in tho
councils of the nation. ... , ,
Members of both houses of the Legisla
ture likewise congratulated the gentle
man from the couth whom they had hon
o:-«h: with their support.
Mr Bard's victory was not alone a mat
ter of pleasure to those in Sacramento.
Hundreds of telegrams and ocores of let
ttra from all sections of the State testify
that the selection of the Republican cau
cus is a popular one. From the great
muss of messages received at the i.ard
headquarters the following nre selected
oa expressive of California's opinion of her
new representative:
SAN JOSE. Feb. 8, 1900.
The Republican Good Government League of
Santa Clara County extends congratulations to
yourself and tha people of the CT sta i* c £ Cal1 *
fornia, -J. R. JOHNS. President.,
OAKLAND. F«b. 3, 1900.
I conrratulate you on your uuecesa in break
ing the deadlock and giving California her full
representation In Concress. _._-._„
GEOROBJ C. PARDEE.
¦'¦'¦ '. : i* ¦"' SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. .8. 1900.
Congratulations on your nomination for Sena
tor. All *ood citizen* . wilt rejoice in havlnK
you rsoresent our -State in the councils or tne
nation. . WILUAM W. MORROW.
WATSON VII*LE. Feb. 3. 1900.
Your selection Is a decisive victory over per
sonal politics. It is the healthful tonic our
party needed. • It Insures Republican success In
California In November^ r kadcUFFB.
IiOS ANOEX.ES, Feb. S," 1900.
Allow me to extend hearty congratulations.
Your selection unsolicited by you Is a signal
victory for pure and honest^poHUcß.^^^
REDUANDS, Feb. 3. 1900.
,- The whole town sends congratulations. We
feel honored. JOSEPH H. BOHON.
LOS ANGELAS. Feb. 3. 1900.
Heartfelt congratulations: that bouquet will
be forthcoming;. It was a jrlorious victory.
I*. E. MObllh<R.
• - SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 3, 1900..
.1 cordially congratulate you and- the State
and sincerely hope your Senatorial career may
be eminently "uccess^^^ ,M., M . ROsg .
VENTURA, Feb. J. 1900.
The Fre« Press sends congratulations; Ven
tura is rejoldnjc. . WILLIS & WEBSTER.
COVINA, Feb. 3. .1900.
Accept my congratulations. . Your election will
greatly increase McKinley's'vote. * ¦
;. -G. WILEY* WELLS.
v. "OAKLAND. Feb. 3. 1900.
'Congratulations. Nomination is a credit to
the State as well as your county. • ¦ •
. - D. , EDWARD .COLLINS.
1 ' ' SAN DIEGO. Feb. 8, 1900.
Congratulations to you and the State of Call-
bal understanding and finds no place In
the convention. Though the Cabinet's ac
tion has scarcely been published lons
enough to admit of serious criticism. It la
believed It will meet the approval of the
majority, after the Government gets an
opportunity to publicly explain Its mo
tives. . ••• -;..•-'
BRITISH PEOPLE
EXPECT SOME RETURN
.LONDON, Feb. 6.— ln commenting upon
the amendment to -the Clayton-Bulwer
treaty the Dally Chronicle says: "Ther*
can be ~ no" question that this agreement
regarding the. canal between two friendly
nations Is a matter for congratulation, not
merely to themselves but the world at
large, which will materially benefit by the
construction of this great waterway."
The Chronicle Is "unwilling to believe
that British rights under the treaty have
been abandoned without reciprocal con
sideration.*"
. The Times says: "We can see no serioua
objection on our part to the completion,
under exclusively American auspices, of
a work which may have aa great an Influ
ence on the trade of the civilized world as
the Suez canal. It is to be regretted that
other outstanding difficulties have not
been settled, as had been hoped, at the
same time; but as the Idea of joint Anglo-
American construction was long ago
abandoned we have no Interest In resist
ing a project beneficial to the world's
trade,"
The Daily News says: "Secretary Hay
has won a great diplomatic triumph. He
has procured the formal abrogation of the
treaty without giving anything In return.
The American victory Is remarkably com
plete. It would cave been churlish and
ungracious to prevent the construction of
the canal, but something might have been
expected In return, either for Canada or
ourselves."
TREATY WITH ENGLAND
READ IN THE SENATE
WASHINGTON. Feb. 5.-The treaty
with Great Britain relative to the build
ing of. the Nicaragua canal «v received
by the Senate to-day and was read in
executive session. Senator Davis, chair
man of the Committee on Foreign Rela
tions, moved, to make the treaty public,
as it waa a subject In which all were
greatly Interested, but after some discus
sion It was decided to refer the matter
to the Committee on Foreign Relations
before taking that step.
The comments of Senators upon the
treaty, after hearing It read, were favor
able. It was to allow the United State*
all the authority that waa needed and
the neutrality of the canal was guaran
teed as was the neutrality of the Suez
canal. *>¦.;..;** —...,,..
ment to the State, therefore; that
a man in every way qualified to
the high post. of Federal Sena
torship has been chosen. Time
after time The Gall urged that
the Senatorial problem should
be removed from the next cam
paign, or the success of the Re
publican party might' be jeopar
dized. This urging has borne
splendid fruit, and to-day the
Republican party of California
stands encouraged and strength
ened within itself, cleansed from
polluting influences and . ready
for the great battle that will so
soon be fought. To attain such
a welcome result has been the
sole inspiration of the uncompro
mising policy of The Call.
It is a matter of deeply signifi
cant interest to know that D. M.
Burns did not retire from, the
contest in which he had no legiti
mate place until he - had been
whipped out by the votes of hon
est men. When he' ceased to be
a factor, he* announced his . \\4th
drawaV gainuig.neither.credit ,iior
recognition for the announce
ment. , To-day his . follpwers
pledged themselves \tq'WQte for
Thomas R. : Bard f of v United
States Senator. Burns addressed
them and said a few wonls that
he believes will, preserve some
thing from the wreck .of his po
litical fortunes. .----.--
. But he seems not to know- that
the men who, followed him are
now the only . ories 'who . feel in
bitterness towarcf him:" > They re
sent the selfishness that has left
them stranded and which, from
trickery and bluster, won rioth-
Their quarrel, however, is with
the man they followed. The peo
ple of California are concerned
solely with the great victory
which has rehabilitated the Re
publican party and restored to it
the confidence which it deserves
from .the people of the State arid
which it has so often won in many
a good cause.
NO ARRANGEMENT FOR
PATRONAGE DIVISION
Unavailing Efforts, to Create Impres
sion That Bard Had Agreement
With Herrin and Burns.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. s.— ln the choice of Thomas
R. • Bard for the high office of United
States Senator the Southern Pacific Rail
road Company was not consulted. D. M.
Burns was not consulted. Mr. Herrln's
consent was not solicited. The selection
was made by members of the Legislature
who recognized no allegiance to the power
of the railroad corporation. Democratic
journals deriving subsidies from the rail
road and doing the railroad's work in the
Legislature had no voice in bringing the
name of Thomas R. Bard to the notice of
the members. Mr. Bard came to Sacra
mento from his home In Ventura County
at the request of members of the Senate
and Assembly who. had, faith in his ability
to win and confidence in the belief that he
would worthily serve the people of the
Btate In Congress. '¦
Special efforts are being made in
certain Democratic circles to create
the impression that Mr. Bard made
arrangements withHerrln and Burns
for the division of Federal patronage.
An attempt was made to-night to get
Mr. Bard to approve of a statement
that he expected the support of the
men who were voting for Burns. The
trap spread for the distinguished Re
publican did not prove a snare.
The statement purported to be the es
sence of an interview which the Examiner
obtained early in the day from Mr. Bard,
but when It was read and deliberately
considered was .. found to contain many
twigted expressions, which would leave
the Inference that ihe support of Burns
was expected' before Mr. Bard was de
clared the choice of the Republican cau
cus. >'..¦-.•¦... :¦-
The Interviewers were compelled by Mr.
Bard to state their questions clearly and
write down the replies thereto In his pres
ence and in the preseaca at witnesses. • He
Alarm Is Given
by the Janitor
and the Guests
Kseape.
WATCH AND PURSEHOLDER
WERE ALIKE FAITHLESS
Combination of Circumstances Causes
Young Men to Swear Off Swear
ing Off.
ate adjourned until 11 o'clock to-morrow I
morning.
THE DAY'S BUSINESS
IN THE ASSEMBLY
Favorable Report on the Wide-Tire
Bill— lntroduction of Three Con
stitutional Amendments.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 5i— The Assembly
was not called to order to-day until long
-after 2 o'clock, the Burns conference
downstairs having taken many members
from the chamber. •'-.
•. Johnson of the Judiciary. Committee re
ported the wide tire bill with the commit
tee's recommendation that it be passed..
. The Senate amendment to the bill ap
propriating money for legislative printing,
cutting the appropriation from $7500 to
$3o<X>.. was .concurred In. Assemblyman
Fairweather Introduced a constitutional
amendment adding a new section to the
constitution to permit" counties to frame
county government acts for their own
government.
Brown introduced a constitutional
amendment permitting the expression of
the people by ballot of their preference
for United States Senator.
A third constitutional' amendment ' was
Introduced by Johnson which provides
that the Legislature shall have no power
to grant or authorize any county or muni
cipality authority to allow extra compen
sation to». any public officer, agent, ser
vant or contractor after services, have
been performed or contract entered into.
The three amendments were referred to
the Judiciary Committee.
Mack introduced Assembly bill 20 pro
viding the manner of locating mining
claims. Senate i)H! 5. relative to the power
and duties of -the State Harbor Commis
sioners, was amende.! to include the Gov
ernor of California and the Mayor of San
Francisco and the members of the com
mission. • • , '
The Assembly, after being In session
half an hour, adjourned until 11 a, m. to
morrow." ' . ;.' '"¦
OPPOSITION TO A
PROPOSED AMENDMENT
Special Dispatch to The Call
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. s.— Senate constitutional
amendment No.- 2, which proposes to
amend section 5. article 11. of the con
stitution, may encounter vigorous oppo
sition before the Legislature adjourns. If
the constJtutldn.be amended In the man
ner, proposed the power'iWill be conferred
upon T ßoards "of Supervisors .to designate
the number, of clerks and deputies to-be"
employed" in th« offices of Sheriff, County
Clerk. District Attorney and Assessor.,
The power of Supervisors to fix the com
pensation of 6uch Assistants Is also grant
ed. The language of the proposed amend
ment is as follows: .
"The compensation of such officer* and
the number and compensation of their
deputies clerks and assistants shall be
regulated by the Legislature, or In such
manner as the Legislature may by uni
form laws provide."
The provision respecting uniform laws
applies no doubt to the County Govern
ment act. Careful students of the amend
ment assert that there is a scheme In
volved to authorize the Legislature to fix
salaries and create places contrary to the
judgment of the respective counties.
SALINAS. Feb. 5.— A sad tale comes from 'Watsonvllle. It has Jus
leaked out that twelve young men of that town "swore off" on New ear^
day, 1599, and agreed to deposit with one of their number on the first day o
each month 110 each, the total to be divided among the members of the asso
ciation who on the Ist of January. 1900, should prove to have been faithful t<
their pledge. One by one the members backsllded and yielded to the liquo:
temptation, and only a single individual was left, who at noon on New Tear i
day was to receive $1440.
This one faithful found among the faithless proceeded to the rendezvous a
the appointed hour., He waited till ten minutes after noon and then thought h«
would run Into a saloon next door and get a nip. He had Just swallowed i
when ten of the other members entered to take their noonday Angostura, an<
he found to his horror that his watch was twenty minutes fast and the mone:
was lost. The eleven therefore proceeded to the residence of the treasure
and found he had lost all the money playing draw poker.
chambers at the Capitol and decided to
casf their votes to-morrow for, James D.
Phelan. . Phelan "was nominated to the
caucus by Senator Slmms. There was no
opposing candidate named. Assemblyman
Sanford of Mendoclno acted as chairman,
and Assemblyman Boone . of the same
county as secretary. Assemblymen Crow
ly and Camlnetti did not attend the meet
ing, nor did Senators Feeney and Ashe.
Crowly and Feeney will vote for John
Rosenfeld. Ashe has made no announce
ment as to his choice.
Champagne Record Smashed.
109,303 cases imported in 1599 of G. H.
Mumm's Extra Dry was never before, ap-
proached. Carrying an enormous - stock
of choicest wines, its fine quality cannot
be excelled, regardless of price. -. Its re-
markable 1895 vintage . now imported
equals its best predecessors. ' . - ; •
FIRST FLOOR.
2003 cakes Dandy soap , .....2c
5000 cakes Sioux soap 2Uc
200 packs Gol. West mush ,~ 4?
1200 pack* Crou-n Flake mush 9r>
iiw paciu LTown naKt mush 2c
SOO packs Ltbby mince meat 3c
325 Grano. a health food ISo
450 cans Dr. Price's Baking Powder 12Uc
60 boxes soda crackers 35c
«00 lbs. California dried currants 6c
800 cans dessert strawberries 7c
1000 cans apricot jam 6c
200 Armour's mock turtle soup Be
~<y> 10-lb. bags buckwheat 25c
U)0 2-lb. cartons S. R. buckwheat 10c
CASH STORt
The oririnal reliable and larrest mall order
bouse. Ask for Catalogues, free. '
25-27 Market St., Near the Ferry
MUST BE SOLD
AT ONCE!
Continued From First Page.
test of such magnitude. He came
to meet shrewd politicians, who
were ready to do anything to
score success.
And when he arrived here he
found that he had been chosen
United States Senator by a ma
jority of the Republicans. He
had been asked to make no con
cession or compromise. He had
been compelled to make no deal.
He was absolutely free to exer
cise the great power of his new
office as his judgment dictated.
His position is without parallel,
with the exception of that of ex-
United States Senator Stephen
M. White, whom he succeeds in
the history of California.
The Republican party had
risen to the tremendous emerg
ency it had been called upon to
meet. It had justified its exist
ence and its claims upon the peo
ple of California. It had proved
that it is not found wanting
when the crucial test is made, and
that however serious the. issue or
grave the question, it is qualified
to meet either or both.
In the election of Bard not a
corrupt or criminal element en
ters. The Republican members
of the . Legislature have vindi
cated themselves, j They have
fornla upon^ your selection for Senator by tht.
Republican caucus. __ ' . M. . A. LUCE. \ .
VENTURA. Feb. 8, 1900. •
Most sincere congratulations, with the pre
diction that on next Tuesday your nomination
will be satisfactorily ratified. ..
: N. BLACKSTOCrt. .
HATWARDS, Feb. 3, 1900.
Hearty congratulations over your good vic
tory. J. E. FARNUM.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 3, 1900.
Please accept congratulations from one of
your most sincere friends. M. M. POTTER.
- ' CORONADO, Feb. 3. 1900. {
I sincerely congratulate you. ¦ . • ; .
. . JOHN DOLBEER.
. There will be "open house" at the Bard
headquarters to-morrow night, when the
new Senator will ovtend a reception to his
friends and supporters. ¦
THE CALL'S PREDICTION
STIRRED THE BURNSITES
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Feb. s.— The Call this morning
made this announcement: .
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 4.— At a
caucus to be held at 1 o'clock to
morrow afternoon Judge Dibble may
address the men who supported Col
onel Burns and advise them to sup
port the nominee of the Republican
caucus. \
! The foregoing statement produced a
sensation in the caucus of Burns' old
time followers to-day. Dibble was ac
cused of giving the secrets of the camp
to The Call. In justice to Judge Dibble
it can be said that he held no communi
cation yesterday with any one connected
with The Call. Grove L. Johnson's sus
picion that Judge Dibble betrayed his as
sociates has no foundation In fact. The
Call's prediction was based solely on the
belief that Dibble, as a strict party man
and a clear-headed politician, could take
no other course. •..-.,...
THE SENATE TRANSACTS
CONSIDERABLE BUSINESS
Wide Tire and Pacific Cable Construc
• tion Bills and Other Measures
. Are Passed. -J,..." :
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 6.— When the Sen
ate was called to order to-day a communi
cation was read from the printers em
ployed in the State Printing Office v to the
effect that until money was appropriated
to pay them for labor performed they
would do no more work on legislative,
matter. Lieutenant Governor Neff an
nounced-that a truce had been arranged
by which the printers agreed to work until
noon, but unless favorable action be taken
in their behalf by that hour the. threat
contained in the communication would be
carried out. . . ¦ : ' ;
Senator Leavitt stated that he did riot
believe In any such holdup proceedings,
but asked permission for the Finance
Committee to withdraw , and. < consider the
measure. In ten minutes the committee
reported back recommending that the bill
pass as amended. The amendment cuts
the appropriation from $7500. t0 $3500.
Leavitt stated that there was every in
dication that the session would be con
cluded this week and that $3600 would be
ample to pay the printing bill of the ses
sion.
Senate bill No. 7, permitting the State
Treasuer to transfer to the San Francisco
harbor improvement fund moneys now in
the San Francisco depot sinking fund,
amounting to $36,000, was passed. ¦ ¦
The wording of this measure is not iden
tical with the similar bill passed last week
in the Assembly.
At 11:40 a recess was taken until 2 p. m.
When ' the Senate reassembled Senate
bill 1, by Curtin, providing for the repeal
of the wide tire act, was called up. Sen
ators Bulla and Btratton voted against
the passage of the bill, and Senator Cut
ter moved a call of the Senate. Senators
Shortridge, Leavitt, Bettman, Wolfe and
Hoey were brought in, and the bill was
passed by a vote of 24 to 2.
Assembly bill 13, appropriating, aa
amended,. s3soo to defray., the expenses of
legislative printing, was made a matter of
urgency and passed.
Cutter's constitutional amendment, re
lating to the Judiciary and proposing an
amendment to section 17 of article 12, was
called up. Cutter explained that it waa
only intended to straighten out inaccura
cies occasioned by the proposed-amend
ment adopted by the Legislature in lb'J7,
which if adopted would throw Judicial
matters Into an Inextricable tangle. The
amendment was passed by a vote of 28
to 2.
Senate bill 6, relating to the powers of
the State Harbor Commissioners, which
had been previously, read the third time,
was called up and passed by a vote of 27
to 0. ¦>
Constitutional amendment No. 2, relat
ing to county and township officers, and
permitting the Legislature, if it so de
sired, to delegate, to or provide some
means <by which somebody might be dele
gated by it to fix the number and sal
aries of their deputies, etc. It was passed
by a vote of 30 to 0.
By unanimous consent Wolfe's Joint.res
oiutlon No. 3, relating to the construction
of a Pacific cable and requesting that the
same be made by.American workmen, was
called up and adopted by a vote of 31 to 0.
, Braunnart's joint resolution No. 2, re
lating to the election of United States
Senators by a vote of the people, was
taken up and tne committee amendments
(clerical in nature) were adopted, and the
resolution ordered printed. , ' . .
Senator Wolfe Introduced out of order,
the two bills relating to the State Com
mission on Lunacy, which had early -In
the session been introduced m the As
sembly. They were referred to the.Com
mittee on Hospitals, Health and Quaran
tine.
Senator Flint, for the Committee on
Attaches, Contingent Expenses and Mile
age, reported back Laird's resolution that
each member be allowed $25 for contin
gent expenses for this session, . recom
mending that it be not adopted. The re
port of the committee was adopted by. a
vote of 14 to 8, and at 3:10 o'clock the Sen-
AMMAN CONTROL
%-' OF CANAL ASSURED
Continued From. First Face.
,T OS ANGELES, .Fob. s.— At 3:55 o'clock this morning fire broke out In the upper story of the Echo- Mountain, House
I on Mount Lowe and totally destroyed the large structure. The fire started from a defective flue. The night watch
1 man discovered the flames In the reception-room above the fireplace and gave the alarm.
I There" were forty-live guests in the hotel at the time. All of them escaped uninjured and the majority were able
¦ ' . to save most of their effects. Some of the furniture' was removed to a place of safety.. The power-house of the
Mount Lowe Railway, below the hotel, was not Injured. The loss is estimated at $100,000 and there was but $9000 Insurance. -
The hotel belonged to a syndicate, of which Valentine Peyton is the principal stockholder. Mr. Peyton had taken pos
session of the railroad' and hotels along the line only a few days ago. . Mr. Peyton said this morning that he. would at once
begin clearing the ground for a hotel of larger proportions than the one destroyed. . . ' ?• : . .- -
ECHO MOUNTAIN HOUSE, MOUNT LOWE.
ECHO MOUNTAIN HOUSE
IS DESTROYED BY FIRE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1900.
BURNS MEN ACT UPON
THEIR DIRECTOR'S ADVICE
Fall Into Line and Then Air Their
Grievances in a Public State
ment.
CaLL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. s.— This aXternoon the erst
while supporters of Daniel M. Burns as
sembled In caucus and after two hours
of close discussion decided to cast their
votes for Thomas R. Bard for Senator to
morrow noon when the ballot Is ordered In
both houses. Although the vote taken
upon the question was unanimous, consid
erable opposition was developed during
the axg-uments which preceded It. Colonel
Uurns himself was present throughout th*
meeting, and it was due to a speech made
l>y him that the two factions created by
the proposition to go over to the Vcn
turan'e side were united. Colonel Burn*
assured his followers that when he Issued
Ms notice of withdrawal he did co in all
sincerity, ar.d that the only duty they
had before them was the election of a
Benator to succeed Stephen M. \Vh«to. "I
have no commands to give you," Burns Is
reported to have said. "You are free to do
as you please, but my advice as a friend
is that you cast your votes for Mr. Bard
for Senator. Mr. Bard is an excellent
man. ar.d I am satisfied will make a good
representative for California." Mr. Burns
closed with hearty thanks to the men v.ho
ttood with him through more than a year
of hard fighting. He pave way to others,
uho followed his lead and advised their
fellows to vote for Bard upon the first
Assemblyman H. W. Miller -of San Fran
cisco said that no matter what cours*
others pursued, he proposed to vote for
Bard to-morrow noon, and that he knew
trough more who had like intention to as-
Fure Mr Bard's election. Assemblyman
Cobb took a elmilar position, but Jonnson
cf Sacramento. Lundquist of San tran
cisco and two or three others were in
clined to stand out and attempt to force
concessions from the other side.
Further declarations of intentions, how
ever soon convinced him that they would
onlv'lose by fighting, and they finally ac
ouiescd in the general scheme, and so
cast their votes. To-night some of them
who had builded high hopes on Burns
election are «=ttll dissatisfied, but are re
tolved to abide by Burns' advice ana the
caucus agreement. .
After the result of the meeting naa hctn
circulated generally a committee, consist
ing of Charles M. Shortridge. Grove L.
Johnson and H. C. Dibble, prepared along
statement of the position taken by I>urns
nnd his followers since the calling of the
present session. It reads as follows:
This extra fusion of the Thirty-third L^sris
la'ure was convened for the purpose, among
other thing*, of electing a United States Sen
ator to nueeeed the Hon. Stephen M. White,
and In order to put that purpose into effect
« rail for a Republican caucus was circulated
and elgned by all of the Republican members
of the Legislature; *aid call contained an
ftgreemect that forty-three votes should be
necessary to nominate a United States Sena
tor and contained a further agreement (which
was added after the call had been signed by
c larre number of the members of the Legis
lature) providing In express terms that the
right to vot» for the candidate of his choice
Fhould not be abridged or denied any mem-
Yter of the caucus. Such caucus met Thursday,
February U lSi». and after takinsr six ballots
adjourned without naming a candidate. Sub
sequently a meeting was called by a number
of members of the caucus for Friday. Feb
ruary 2. at 4:39 o'clock, to which meeting th«?
injpporterf of Colonel D. M. Burns were not
Invited, and in which they did not participate,
and which meeting was attended by only forty
one Republican members of the Legislature.
At this meeting thus attended by a minority
or.ly of the Republican members of the Legis
lature, it was decided to ballot for a United
States Senator and further decided that two
thirds of the members present and voting —
to-wit: twenty-eight— should be sufficient to
bind those present to vote in the general cau
cus for the candidate receiving the twenty
eight votes and that all other candidates be
dropped thus violating both the spirit and the
letter of the agreement entered Into by all
the Republican members when they signed tne
call for the caucus, which agreement was
never set aside nor abrogated at any meeting
of said general caucus in this.
First, by reducing the number of votet necei
eary to nominate, to wit., from 43 to 28; and
Second, by denying the right of member* to
vote for the candidate of their choice;
Third, by proceeding without a majority or
the caucus: and • ? .
Fourth, by holding a secret caucus to which
thirty-two of the Republican members were
not invited. .
Upon hearing of this breach of good faith
and violation of said solemn agreement the
supporters of Colonel D. M. Burns appointed a
committee of three of their number consisting
of Assemblymen Grove L. Johnson and Henry
C. Dibble and Senator Charles M. Shortridge
to wait upon the members assembled In the
Assembly chamber on the evening of February
2, 1900, the time and place for reassembling
of said Republican caucus, to aek them to
rescind the agreement so made In violation of
the general caucus agreement and permit each
member to vote for the candidate of his choice.
Said committee was refused recognition or a
hearing and thereupon withdrew. Thereafter,
while we who had been supporters of Colonel
L>. M. Burns were listening to the report of
said committee, and notwithstanding the fur
ther fact that there were lees than sixty mem
bers present at the meeting so held as afore
said, that number- being absolutely requisite to
constitute a quorum, said members present
did there and then vote for and declare Hon.
Thomas R. Bard the candidate of the Republi
can party for the office of United States Sen
ator. These actions thus objected to by us we
feel assured were not dona with the knowledge
or consent of the Hon. Thomas R. Bard.
We fetrl that we have been most unfairly
dealt with and that the solemn agreement
entered into by all the Republican members
of the Legislature has been violated and set
aside, but we know that a situation confronts
us of most Berlous Import to the welfare of
the Republican party and the State of Cali
fornia. We recog-nire the fact that our refusal
to vote for the Hon. Thomas R. Bard for
United Ftates Senator, although Justified by
the farts, *ould probably result In the failure
to select a United States Senator at this ses-
Flon. thus depriving the State of Ca'tfomia of
Us proper quota of representation Jn tte United
States Senate: that It would mean one vote
less to uphold the arms of the Federal ad
ministration and to support our worthy Presi
dent, his Excellency William McKlnley, to say
nothing In regard to th<> expense to the peo
ple of the State of California that might be
entailed by the continuance of this extra ses
sion.
Under these circumstances our esteemed can
didate. Colonel . D. M. Burns, having only at
heart the Interest of the Republican party and
the welfare of this State, has withdrawn his
name from further consideration for the office
of United State? Senator In order that his
personality may not be !n the way of the
selection of a United States Senator.-
We have the utmost confidence in the In
tegrity, ability, purity of purpose and Ftanch
Republicanism of our personal friend and can
didate, the Hon. D. M. Burns; w« still recog
nize and believe that he was well fitted to
represent the State of California in the United
State* Senate. We know, however, that we
owe a duty to the Republican party that we
represent in general and to our constituent*
in particular, that demands of us the sacrifice
of our personal feelings and preferences in
order that a United States Senator may be
elected at this extraordinary session, therefore
we. the friends and supporters of Colonel D.
M. Burns unanimouFly agree to cast our bal
lots for the Hon. Thomas R. Bard for the office
of United States Senator.
In this statement and resolution our candi
date concurs.
GROVE U JOHNSON*.
HENRY C. DIBBLE.
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDOE.
.-,•.; ; '.;•; Committee.
H Imagine all the hat goodness you can think fl
fi of— a neat style, well shaped, made of good felt 9
H in popular colors, surable for everyday or dress, H
II becoming and fashionable — imagine all this and |J
H you will have an idea of what V J
$& The Hawes hats are worn continuously, by men who I
lH have worn them once. g|
!|j . The price is the same everywhere — |p
EB . f\ 4*\ ' H
|H Out-of-town orders filled — write us for illustrated catalogue No. 2 fa
I 718 Market Street. Ii
2CONSULT
FREE.
ARE YOU SURE
That
Your
Heart
Is
Sound?
Heart disease creeps upon one insld-
louFly. that i?. slowly and unconsciously.
Oftentimes when one begins to realize it,
organic destruction has already taken
place.
You ne*>d not suffer such consequences,
for the flcures will diagnose your case In
time, beforp the danger line Is reached.
An impaired heart's action makes itself
known by frequent headaches (fig. 1),
flushing of cheeks or face upon slight ex-
ertion (figs. 2 and 3>. irregular fluttering
at times (palpitation) (flg. 4). weakness of
limbs (fig. 5). cold hands and. feet, dizzy
spells, tendency to faint, shortness of
breath, pain In left side and irregular
pulse.
If one or more of the abovp symptoms
fre*ent, by all means "take HUDYAN."
H7DYAN is intended for such conditions,
and will promptly strengthen the action
of the hf»art and rebuild its structure.
HUDYAN has certainly reduced the fatal-
itl<*s from heart disease to a great extent.
Heart disease, if allowed to proceed in
Its owti course, soon ends In BUdden death.
To all people who experlenco the above
Ej-mptoms HUDYAIC is a blessin* Indeed.
HIIDYAN" is for sale by all druftgistn
for 50c a package, or six packages for $2 M.
If your drupsl.«t does not keep Ht"D-
TAK pend dlrert to the IJUDYAN" REM-
EDY COMPANY, cor. Stockton. Ellis and
Market streets, San Francisco, Cal.
"pHNQHITf Consult free th^
UUiioULl Hudyan Doctors.
TDrC Call or Write to
them.
the English people has been the calm, im
movable and impassive manner with
which they have received much bad and
very little good news. At no time have
they lost their self-control, or allowed
themselves to approach anything like a
frenzied condition, such as has been stat
ed in some continental journals. Almost
every one approves General Buller's pol-
Jcy of silence, all understanding that he
may be keeping the Boers busy, and at
the Fame time preventing their paying too
much attention to Ladysmith. The possi
bility of another repulse is already dis
counted here, and would not cause any
remarkable etlvct now.
All eyes are directed toward Lord Rob
erts and Kitchener now. rather than to
ward Buller. They are looked upon as
having a force which will be used to di
vert the attention of the Boers, both at
Ladysmith and in the Free State. Mr.
Chamberlain in his speech in the House
of Commons yesterday confirmed this
when he stated that Lord Roberts would
soon be strong enough to begin the exe
cution of the original plan of campaign
through the Free State,, independent of
Buller and White.
General French is already In motion and
has pushed forward a strong force of in
fantry to seize NorvrJs Pont. According
to dispatches the British forces are con
verging on that place from the Hanover
road and the De Aar-Naauwpoort line
from Naauwpoort. and from RenEburg on
the line from Colesberg. General Gatacre
ought to be making a conforming move
ment toward Burghersdorp and the
Bethulle bridge. General Kelly-Kenny; is
between them with at least a brigade,
and may cut in at the back of the Boer
position to help French's division to se
cure Norvals Pont. It Is at Norvals Pont
that the railway from Naauwpoort and
Rosmead Junction enters the Orange I< rce
State, and this route is the one that th-«
Boers at Colesberg must follow if lh?y
should be able to retreat.
LARGE FORCE SENT TO
SEIZE NORVALS PONT
LONDON. Feb., 6.— Military opinion In
London continues to assume from very
slender materials that General Buller is
again throwing his army against the Boer
forces. A retired" general. Sir William
Henry Green, whose distinguished career
gives weight to his opinion, thinks that
General Buller, with 25,000 men. is making
a wide detour to tho west and north in or
der to avoid the roughest parts of , the
country. As General Buller must have
It is from the western field the most
definite statements come. Large opera
tions are apparently about to begin. Gen
eral French, who has now returned to
Rensburg from his conference with Lord
Roberts, has sent what is described as^ an
overwhelming force of Infantry to seize
Norvals Pont. That is- where the railway,
before It was destroyed, crossed the Or
ange River and connected with the Free
State trunk line at Bloemfontein. Nor
vals Pont is nineteen miles north of Coles
berg 1 and twenty-five miles from General
French's'headquarters at Rensburg. The
Boers at Colesberg have been in danger
of being surrounded by the largely rein
forced and extending lines of the British.
An occupation of Norvals' Pont in force
would presumably render . Colesberg un
tenable. 4
The Boers are showing great activity in
the Naauwpoort and Colesberg districts
Many of the guns hitherto facing Lord
Methuen are believed to have gone to
Norvals Pont. The British, therefore,
may find formidable bodies of Boers
there.
The War Office announces that fifteen
transports will be dispatched between to
day and Monday, with 13,000 troops.
Sir Alfred Milner, in a letter written
three weeks ago to the former Lord Mayor
of Belfast, said the war would last three
or four months longer.
The censorship seems to have complete
ly shut out the correspondents at Spear
man's Camp. No dispatch from that point
appeals in this morning's papers" and
nothing has been allowed to issue since
Sunday evening.
A dispatch to the Times from Queens
town. Cape Colony, dated Monday, says:
"General Brabant, while addressing one
of the regiments of the colonial division
on parade yesterday, said they were leav
ing the next morning for the front, not to
return, he hoped, until the task entrusted
to him by Lord Roberts had been success
fully accomplished. He could not disclose
the plan of operations, but if his inten
tions were carried out the greatest glut
ton for fighting among them would have
his fill."
The Cape Town correspondent of the
Daily Chronicle says:
"The South African League has passed
a resolution declaring that it regards with
regret, and almost with despair, the prob
ability of the authorities trying colonial
rebels before a Jury. .The resolution urges
a court-martial. Mr. Schrelner, the Pre
mier, replying to a letter inclosing a copy
of the resolutions, , pays : the Government
has taken steps to present the cases to
Juries !n order to prevent undue detention
of persons charged with sedition."
Spencer Wilkinson, in the Morning Post,
says: •„ ¦* . • .. ..
"The tide Is beginning to turn. , In the
western theater of war it looks as though
General French had been reinforced, per
haps by General Chermside's brigade.
This would be the beginning of a. sys
tematic direction of the campaign. When
General French has disposed of tho en-
lie did not mention the subject to Dr.
Hil!. He said he was tired, very tired; he
had been five weeks on the sea and road,
traveling constantly, and begged for time
.to prepare himself to report.
lie said nothing as to the reasons for
appearing in Washington, but asked that
he be permitted to go to his home In East
Liverpool, Ohio, for a few days to attend
to matters of business which were press
ing and to rest. Dr. Hill had no objection.
Mr. Macruin .promised to be back here
soon, perhaps before the end of the pres
ent week, and said he would then make
a formal report to the State Department.
Leaving Dr. Hill Mr. Macrum went to the
•Consular Bureau and secured the assent
of acting Chief Carr to a postponement of
the settlement of his accounts until his
next visit to Washington. To ¦- Mr. Carr
also Mr. Macrum said nothing to throw
light on his motives.
As he left the State Department he as
sured the newspaper men who stopped
him that if he had any statement at all
to make to the' press (and he was not
sure that he should have) he probably
would make it public upon his return to
"Washington. Some of the parsons here
who were familiar with his appearance
when he first went out to the Transvaal
said that he looked very much broken and
lacked, the vim that formerly character
ized him. At 7:30 to-night he left here for
his home in Ohio.
CHAMBERLAIN ADMITS
MISTAKES WERE MADE
LONDON,- Feb. s.— ln the House of
Commons to-day, replying to. a' question,
the Secretary "of State for the Colonies,
Joseph Chamberlain, admitted that a crit
ical stage of the war had been reached
and that the situation was. undoubtedly
serious, though he added he did not.be
lieve the country was in danger. If the
preparation for war, had been insufficient,
he said, it was wholly due to the fact that
the Government was determined to do
everything to secure peace and to do
nothing" to endanger it. Chamberlain fur
ther, declared that the war was Just, nec
essary and rigiiteous. He regretted the
proposed amendment to the address, be
cause, he said, it would throw doubt upon
theunltedness of the kingdom. :
'•We. have suffered checks," said Cham
berlain, "and have made mistakes. lam
not anxious to dispute as to the blame.
Let the Government bear the brunt until
the time comes. when, under happier aus
pices, we can . see . how , far the blame Is
to be' apportioned between this system
in which you can buy one of fhose $5.25 suits, for the sale closes
next Saturday night. Up to Wednesday or Thursday we will
.very likely have your size and a fair selection to choose from.
After that you run chances. If you intend to buy one of the suits
you will find it much to your convenience and advantage to^come/
before Saturday.
They are single breasted sack suits in brown and gray
mixtures, worth $8 and $10. HiWfTJBI — ing I
a good suit for mmM
Boys' middy suits
Money for mothers and a chance to dress the boy very neatly indeed at a nominal sum : |
Middy suits in blue serge and cheviot, ages 3 to 10 years, sailor collar, seven rows of silk
soutache braid trimming, vestee. with imitation shield and buttoned front, two pockets, pants lined
throughout.
The suits are $6.50 values — price now for a time
-> » . . ¦
Out-of-town-orders filled— write us for illustrated catalogue No. 2.
Giles Trial Ended.
JACKSON. Feb. s.— The arguments in
the case of Dr. Giles, charged with hav
ing caused the death of Mrs. Darling,
were conclnded this afternoon and tho
case turned over to the Jury.
MRS. POTTER PALMER A
COMMISSIONER TO PARIS
Her Nomination as One of the Ameri
can Representatives at the Fair
Decided "Upon.
WASHINGTON. Feb. s.— The nomina
tion of Mrs. Potter Palmer of Chicago
to be one of the commissioners of the
United States to the Paris Exposition
has been decided upon and will be sent
to the Senate at the same time the other
commissioners are named. The Presi
dent has selected twelve commissioners
under the authority at present granted
him, but a proposition is before Con
gress to permit him to add six other
commissioners to the list. and. as he pre
fers the names of the full commission
shall be sent to the Senate in one lis«t.
he* has decided, for the present at least,
to defer nominating any of the com
missioners until Congress indicates it 3
final intention with reference to the size
of the commission.
Meanwhile Mrs. Palmer's name re
mains on the list, and denial is author
ized of the report that Mr. Peck, the
United States Commissioner-General,
was opposing Mrs. Palmers selection
and alpo of the report that France had
signified its hostility to the appointment
of women to such offices. .
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyright, 1800, by the New York Herald Company.
Report That His Army Had Recrossed Tugela- River Remains
Unconfirmed-Interest Centers in Roberts' Plan to
Invade Orange Free State.
MONSON'S LIFE IN
PARIS UNPLEASANT
Why British Embassa
dor Went tqjtaly.
FEELING AGAINST ENGLAND
ANGLOPHOBIA RAGES at.t. OVER
FRANCE.
. >
Governnwnt Truckled to Popular
Sentiment in Decorating tha
Artist Who Caricatured
the Queen.
PARIS. Feb. s.— As a result of Inquiries
! made in proper quarters, it Is ascertained
that the stories of the Echo de Paris that
the British Embassador to France. Sir
Edmund J. Monson. and the British Em
bassador to Italy, Sir Philip Currie. con
ferred here recently on Italian affairs,
and that Sir Edmund had gone to Roma
to support Sir Philip in representations to
Italy regarding the landing of Italian
troops "in Africa, are quite unfounded.
What is true is that Sir Edmund Monson
has gone to the Italian Riviera, not be
cause he Is unwell or requires a rest, but
because he finds his position very un
pleasant at the present moment, owing to
the strong feeling against Great Britain
in the press and society, which, perforce,
is reflected to some extent in the attituda
of the French Government. A diplomatic
official said:
"The French Government is undoubted
ly friendly to Great Britain, but it Is un
able to make a display of its real senti
ments just now. because a demonstration
of friendliness to Great Britain, would be
an act of suicide. The bestowal of th>
cross of the Legion of Honor on the artist
Leandre. author of the outrageous cari
catures of Queen Victoria, furnished an
example of the Government's fear of
offending popular feeling. Leandre had,
been promised the decoration before ha
caricatured Queen Victoria, and the Gov
ernment felt it would be safer to offend.
the English people than the sentiments
of its own countrymen. In view of this
situation. Sir Edmund thought his tem
porary absence from the Anglophobic air
of Paris would have a salutary effect."
M. Firmln Faure. one of the Algerian
Deputies, member from Gran, has given
notice of a question to the French For
eign Minister, M. Delcasse. with refer
ence to the reports that Italy Intends to
assist Great Britain by replacing the
British troops withdrawn from Egypt.
This may elicit an interesting statement
on the part of the French Government
as to the attitude the European powers
would assume in view of such movement
The view of the French Government is that
Italy will not entangle herself in a situa
tion which would certainly call for a pro
test from the powers, and that Marquis
Viscount Venosti, the Italian Minister of?
Foreign Affairs, is too prudent and skill
ful, a diplomatist to run the risk of burn
ing his fingers.
ROME. Feb. 5.— A1l the newspapere !n
Rome deny the statements of the Echo d»
Paris. Sir Philip Currie, the British Em
bassador. Is still here.
LONDON. Feb. s.— lt Is officially an
nounced here that Sir Edmund J. Monson.
the British Embassador to France. h"as
left Paris for the south on leave of ab
sence. The announcement is generally
regarded as important. Coming on top of
the known anti-British feeling in France,
it is thought the departure of the Em
bassador from his post at the present
juncture indicates more than appears on
the surface, or than is contained In tho
official explanation.
positions around the besieged town. The
German Consul at Pretoria, Herr Bler
mar.n, is accompanying Mr. Davis on his
trip to the Boer head laager. .
DESTRUCTION OF FARMHOUSES
CAPE TOWN. Feb. 6.— President Steyn
and President Kruger have communicated
with Field Marshal Lord Roberts, the
British commander in chief, protesting
against the destruction of farmhouses
and the devastation of property. Lord
Rdberts, in replying, declared the charges
were not sustained, adding that wanton
destruction of property was contrary to
British practices. .
Following is the text of the protest,
which is dated Bloemfontein, February 3:
"W« learn front many sides that the British
troops, - contrary to the recognized usages of
war. dally destroy property by burning or
dynamiting farmhouses and devastating farms
and the goods therein, by means of which un
protected women and children are often de
prived of food and cover. This happens not
only in places where barbarians are en
couraged by British officers, but even In Cape
Colony md the Free State, where white brig
ands come out from the theater of war with
the evident Intention of carrying on general
devastation, without any reason recognized by
the customs of war and without in any way
furthering the operations. We wish earnestly
to protest against such acts.
9>rd Roberts, replying to-day, said:
I beg to acknowledge the honor of your tele
gram charging the- British troops with the
destruction cf property, contrary to the recog
nized usages of war. and brigandage and de
vastation. These charges are made in vague
and general terms. No specific case is men
tioned. No evidence Is given. I have seen
such charges made before now In the press,
but In no case which has come under my no
tice have they been substantiated. The most
stringent Instructions hare b?pn issued to the
British troops to respect private property. «o
far as It Is compatible with the conduct of
military operations. AH wanton destruction to
peaceful Inhabitants Is contrary to British
practice and traditions, and will. If necessary,
be rigorously repressed by me. ¦ I regret that
your honors have seen fit to repeat this untrue
statement that barbarians have been encour
aged by British officers to commit depreda
tions. In the onty case In which a raid has
been perpetrated by native subjects • of the
Queen the act was contrary to the Instructions
of the British officer nearest the spot, and en
tirely disconcerted his operations. The women
and children taken prisoners by the natives
were restored to their homes by the agency of
the British officer In question. I regret to say
that it Is :th? republican forves which are In
some cases sullty of carrying on the war In a
manner not • in accordance with ctvllized
urages. I refer especially to the expulsion of
loyal subjects of her Majesty 'rom ihetr homes
In the Invaded districts of this colony because
they have refused to be commanded by the
invader. It is barbarous to attempt to force
men to take sides against their o-wn sovereign
and country by threats of spoliation and ex
pulsion. Men. women and children have had
to leave thelc homes owing to such compulsion.
Many of those who were formerly in comfort
able circumstances are now maintained by
charity. That war should Inflict harshlps and
injury upon peaceful inhabitants is inevitable.
but It Is the desire of her Majesty's Government
and my Intention to conduct this war with as |
little injury as possible to peaceable inhabit
ants and private property. ( hope your hon
ors will exercise your authority to Insura It be
ing conducted In a similar spirit on your
side.
LONDON YET WITHOUT NEWS
OF THE ADVANCE OF BULLER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1900.
end those administering it. In the mean
time blame us.
"What is now urgent is to redress those
checks and to repair mistakes. You w.y
we have' sent too few troops; but we are
pouring them into South Africa. In a
few weeks we will have 200.000 men there.
We will have as many mounted men as
there are mounted Boers.
"Meanwhile the spirit of the nation is
unbroken. There is no sacrifice which we
are unwilling to make. There is.no sacri
fice we are unwilling to ask of the col
onies, if we think it necessary to success.
I must go further than this and admit
that this war, under new conditions, in
a new country, with new arms, against a
people whose tenacity and courage are
admirable as the courage and tenacity of
our own soldiers, has required a larger
scheme than any the Government has yet
been called upon to meet.
"It would be premature," continued the
Colonial Secretary, "to talk of terms of
settlement. Speaking for the Govern
ment,'there .will be no second Majuba
Hill. Never again shall, the Boers erect
in .the heart: of South Africa a citadel
whence to proceed to disaffection and race
animosity. Never again shall they be
able -to endanger the paramountcy of
Great Britain. | Never again shall they be
able to treat an Englishman as though he
belonged to an inferior race."
Sir William Vernon Harcourt. Liberal,
declared the war was due to a reversal of
the policy laid down by the Government
in 1881 and 1895. -Reviewing the negotia
tions. Sir William said the great misfor
tune was that the men consulted in. regard
to the situation in South Africa were the
authors of the raid and the "helots of
Park Lane."
Here Chamberlain interjected: "Does
the right - honorable gentleman mean to
assert that the persons to whom he refers
were consulted by the Colonial Office and
that no others were consulted?"
The Liberal statesman parried the ques
tion. 4
John Dillon said that the Nationalists,
believing the war- to be an "unjust and
iniquitous war of aggression, entirely un
provoked," were unable to support an
amendment declaring that the war should
be prosecuted with vigor. Dillon, con
tinuing, said that the military reputation
of England was irreparably ruined; that
the Boers had established a claim to be
free, and that no amount of brute force
could ever diminish their claim.
Leonard Courtney. Unionist, said he did
not wonder that Chamberlain displayed
such energy and debating power, as he
had to vindicate not only the nation and
the Government, but himself. •
"This is Mr. Chamberlain's war." said
Courtney, "and if anybody else had been
at the Colonial Office there would have
been no war."
At this point Chamberlain interposed,
reiterating that since the Jameson raid
he had had no communication with
Rhodes on political affairs in South Af
rica, either direct or indirect.
Courtney explained that he had noT
meant to Imply this. . '
After further discussion the debate was
adjourned.
ATTENTION OF POWERS
NOW DRAWN TO EGYPT
PARIS, Feb. 6.— The Matin says this
morning: "We have reason to believe
that recent" dispatches from Cairo have
drawn the attention of the powers to
Egypt. They are asking themselves if
the time has not come to enforce the
treaty guaranteeing the neutrality of the
Suez canal. If England is incapable of
keeping order, they will be obliged to in
tervene."
- ?
BOERS AT COLESBERG
VIRTUALLY SURROUNDED
CAPE TOWN, Feb. 5.— A dispatch from
Maauwpoort say's: There is great activ
ity here and on the Rensburg-Hanover
due to -thfl dispatch of an overwhelming
force of infantry to seize Norvalspont.
The cavalry, having completed the re
connoissance. Is being retired to recoup
losses. The Boers at -Colesberg are vir
tually surrounded.
INSPECTING BOER CAMPS.
LOURENZO MARQUEZ. Delagoa Bay.
Feb. s.— Webster Davis, the United States
Assistant Secretary of the Interior, ac
companied by a party of friends, is at the
head laager of the Boers at Ladysmith
and is closely Inspecting the camps and
5.../?*J?
3" \^' "*£' "3
thousands of wagons. Sir William Green
points out that his advance would neces
sarily be slow.
emy forming his present objective, his
force will be available for other opera
tions." ¦¦¦¦•;¦¦¦".-.
Detailing possible operations of Gen
erals French, Gatacre and Kelly-Kenny,
Mr. Wilkinson says:
"There is now a prospect that in two or
three weeks the British forces will be
holding the passes of the Orange River,
repairing the bridges and collecting all
the requisites for the advance northward,
to begin as soon as Lord Roberts sees his
way to order the movement.
VThere are now more than enough
troops between the coast and -Orange
River to form three infantry divisions
and a cavalry division, without counting
either the colonial mounted troops or live
militia battalions, which can be used to
relieve regular battalions on the lines of
communication. Lord Methuen's three
brigades make a further addition that
might ultimately be utilized."
Mr. Wilkinson then proceeds to urge
the Government to make every prepara
tion against emergencies at home, and
particularly to put the volunteers and all
available forces in the most complete con
dition for service if needed. He recom
mends rearming the volunteers, supplying
batteries of position with the best modern
guns and. in short, the organization and
equipment of the available forces, ratlier
than hasty endeavors to recruit untrained
men. " .
MACRUM SILENT
AS TO HIS MOTIVES
WASHINGTON. Feb. s.— Mr. Macrum
has come and gone and the reason for his
leaving Pretoria when duty seemed to de
mand his presence at the capital remains
as deep a mystery as ever and must so
remain, probably for another week. The
ex-Consul's appearance was awaited at
the State Department with interest. Just
before noon Representative Taylor, of
whose Congressional district Mr. Macrum
Is a resident, called at the department
and spent some time In conference with
Assistant Secretary Hill and was fol
lowed about half-past 3 o'clock by Mr.
Macrum, who came alone. Secretary Hay,
vrho had had an exhautslng day. had gone,
so the ex-Consul was obliged to pay
his respects to Dr. Hill. His stay was
short— about twenty minutes, perhaps—
and he left Dr. Hill as much in the dark
as he had been before as to Mr. Macrum's
motive for leaving Pretoria. Nor did it
develop whether or not Mr. Macrum was
the bearer of any message from Kruger.
T ONDON. Feu. 6.— Still there comes
I no word from Buller. ' Absolutely
I not ore shred of official confinna-
I lion was vouchsafed yesterday of
' * the persistent rumor that he had
E T .re2<Jy crossed the Tugela river and had
set his face toward Ladysmith. and queer
ly enough, there has also been an absence
cf Ft-nsational rumors.
London Itself is strangely calm, consid
ering the tremendous stake Buller is as
fjoed to be playing for. A few persons
durlr.g the day hung around the War
OOce. but no excitement was shown, and
apparently no anxiety was felt. In clubs,
hotels and theaters the same conditions
held true. f .
"What news?" was the common inquiry.
"None." was the answer.
"Should hear something to-morrow,
don't you think?" the first speaker would
say, and the conversation would end.
As a matter of fact, all through the war
one thing that has stood out as typical of
3DRJALL'S RELN VIGOR ATORJi^ip
Five hundred reward for n-y asT^?**
case we cannot cure. Thu secret Tr*^ «*»^
remedy stops all losses in Z-T>T_^ - B
hours, cures Emissions.. liudo- IKZf BC*K
tency. Varicocele. Gonorrhoea. PjW ?*#
SleeJ.S Iee J. Flt3 ' Strictures.- u£r »iL MJ
Manhood and all waatimr effects **SU "•*'¦
of self-abuse or excesses. S-nt T - ¦¦-
sealed. $3 bottle: a bottles, *5; guaranteed M
£t re ~5 r 2L cc * se - Ad dres« HALi/9 MEDICAL IN-
BTITLTE 853 Broadway. Oakland. CaL AIM
for sale at 107314 Market t. 9. F. All prlvaU
disease* quickly cm^i, Scad f or ftB# w^
I RUSSIAN |
& $*^ 1 &F^ Mk et*& warn 1 tb s aaß w H i b* 99 ip^ !
I VI la A X CITES §
I With Mouthpiece |
@ lOoentsfpr 1O S
|£ Monopo! Tobacco Works S
ON THE PRESIDIO LINKS.
Miss Hoffman and Miss Mullins Are
Left in the Competition for the
Council's Cup.
The second or semi-final round of the
competition for the Council's cup for la
dles of the San Francisco Golf Club was
played yesterday on the Presidio links.
The contestants were the four winners In
the opening round and the competition
was over eighteen holes, match play. Miss
Maud Mullins beat Miss Mary Scott 2 up,
and- Miss Alice Colden Hoffman defeated
Mrs. H. C. Breyden 5 up and 3 to play.
Miss .Maud Mullins and Miss Alice Colden
Hoffman will play in the final round on
Wednesday, and the winner will be the
first to have her name and score en
graved upon the Council's trophy. She
will also win a replica In miniature of the
large cup, which remains in the possession
of the club. The scores by strokes are
given In the following table:
Miss Mary Scott-
Out 76387786 e-63—
In 79967886 9-69-132
Miss Maud Mullins— ¦
Out 9 7 7 5 7 6 .7 8 B— «—
In 9 « 7 9 5 612 5 10-59— 131
Mrs. 'H. C. Breedcn—
Out 10 79 8 « 78 8 12—75
In 8 6 7 9 7 8.. .. ..
Miss Alice C. Hoffman
. ¦ Out 8 58 5 689 6 12—66
In 8 6 8 6 6 5
Continued on Eleventh rate.
DULL YEAR IN THE
CAPITAL OF YUKON
Numbers of Dawsonites Have Ar
ranged to Leave on the First
Boats for Nome.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Feb. s.— Advices
from Dawson to-day state that up to the
end of the year business In the Yukon
capital had been dlscouraglngly dull, al
though work oh the claims was progress
ing well. Up to December 20 the weather
had been so mild that but little gravel
had been got out, although after that date
this Impediment of temperature was re
moved, the thermometer dropping to 40
degrees below zero and ranging as low as
67. There is now a good showing on the
dumps. - ¦ . > .-•¦-.
The Dawson banks estimate $21,000,000*
will be taken out this- season. From 2008
to 3000 Dawsonltes are arranging to leave
on the first boats down the river In the
spring for the Nome fields. At White
Horse the • police have under arrest two
men suspected of the murder of Clayton,
Relfe and Olson on the trail.
The Dawson fire destroyed only eight
buildings, occupying half a block. As the
buildings were all flimsy structures, lined
with cotton. It is considered surprising
that the fire was confined to so few build
ings. Dawson has a well-equipped Fire
Department with a. force of thirty paid
men. The fire engines are housed on the
Ice of the river, where the water can most
readily be obtained.
YOUNG LADY'S NARROW ESCAPE
Miss Murray's Clothing Catches Fire
From an Overturned Lamp.;- -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARYSVILLE, Feb. s.— The residence
of Mrs. Catherine Murray, at the corner
of Seventh and A streets. In this city,
had a narrow escape from destruction by
fire last evening, and Mrs. Murray's
daughter Josephine has reason to be
thankful that her life was spared from
the flames that threatened her home The
young lady, while at study In the parlor,
noticed that the hanging-lamp was not
burning evenly. Concluding to trim the
wick she lifted the lamp from the bracket
and went to work with a pair of scissors.
In some manner the lamp was overturned
and fell from the table to the floor. The
flames soon ignited the lace curtains and
spread to the ceiling and walls. In her
effort to stay the blaze Miss Josie did not
notice that . her clothing had taken lire
and only the timely arrival of passers-by
saved her from an awful death. The
blazing garments were torn from her in
the nick of time. Her hands and arms
were badly burned.
Will Can Abalones.
Special Dispatch to The Call
MONTEREY. Feb. 6.-The abalone can
nery at Point Lobos, seven miles south of
this place,, that has been In process of
construction for the past few months. Is
now completed and will begin operating
this week, it is stated. The output of the
cannery will be about 2560 pounds per day
at first, but the owner, E. P. Gayetty
intends increasing this amount as the se.i
eon advances.' White divers Instead of
Japanese have been employed to procure
the abalones to be used In the cannery.
Civil Code for Alaska.
WASHINGTON. Feb. s.— Senator Car
ter, to-day reported from the Committee
on Territories. the bill for a Civil Code
F2 r * r?™h' and Pr? vld}n K for courts of
.£ TeTitory. Three District Courts
with the necessary officers and United
states Commissioners are provided for.
Three Judicial districts are created. No
delegate In Congress or Territorial Lcgis
/Aturc is allowed under tbo bill.
Broad and Lenny Draw.
NEW YORK, Feb. s.— Kid Broad nf
Cleveland, the feather-weight pugilist,
whoFe recent successes have placed him in
the front rank of his class, was unable
to-night to get a better -decision than a
draw with Eddy Lenny of Philadelphia.
The boys met in a twenty-round bout at
124 pounds in the ring of the Hercules
Athletic Club In Brooklyn. The contest
was one of the fastest seen in this arena.
Before they put up their hands Broad was
a 2 to 1 favorite, but Lenny made such a
good showing that at the end of the third
round even money was the prevailing
price.
Santa Clara Wins.
fipwr'al Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CLARA. Feb. s.— The Santa
Clara College teajn opened the baseball
season yesterday on the college campus
with a team composed mainly' of San ' Jose
professionals. The game was a red-hot
one, the college boys finally coming out
victorious by a score ol 6. to 5. "Billy"
Hulen. who Is coaching the college team,
expressed himself as well pleased with
th-i work fhown to-day nnd thinks a
rtrong team can be developed from the
material at rnnd.
Freshmen Win.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb. 5.—
The freshmen to-day took the first of the
•cries of intercla£3 games from the sopho
mores by a score of 10 to 3. Costly errors
at critical tlm«s account for the poor
showing of the second year men. The
work of the new men Is encouraging as
It shows that some good material for var
sity honors can be found among them
Had the game been closer the enthusiasm
would have been Intense, as both clashes
were out In force.
Baseball Manager Dies.
PHILADELPHIA, Feb. 5.-After an
illness of less than a week Harry H.
Dlddlebock, known In sporting and news
paper circles, died to-day at his home in
this. city. His first venture in the base
ball line was as manager of the famous
old Athletics, and later he served
through successive years as president
secretary and treasurer of the Eastern
Baseball League. In 1596 he removed to
St. Ixiuis and assumed the management
of the St. Louis Browns.
Barras Sentenced.
Special DiFoatch to The Call
VENTURA. Feb. s.— This morning Judge
Williams sentenced Rosarlo Barras, alias
Manuel Gomez, a Mexican, to serve ten
years in San Quentin. Gomez pleaded
guilty to the charge of manslaughter. He
stabbed to death Rafael Casteneado. a
comrade, on the night of January 17 near
Oxnard.
President of French Senate.
PARIS. Feb. s.— Clement Armand Fal-
Hereß, Republican Senator for Lot-et-Ga
ronne. was to-day elected President of the
Senate by a vote of 175 out of 221
One Favorite Successful.
NEW ORLEANS. Feb. s.— Jim Conway,
who scored very handily In the fifth race,
was the only winning favorite to-day.
The track was alow and not at all to the
liking of the Ijest choices. Results: •
Benin*. Blx and a half furlongs. Blltheful
won, Lady Dora second, Sister Fox third. Time,
1-24 ¦.'-.».-¦••¦
Seven furlongs. Turney won, Alex second. El
Caney third. Time. 1:31%.
Selling, one and one-eighth miles.Tlp Gallant
won, lianquo II second, Albert Vale third.
Time, 1:68.
One and one-sixteenth miles. Strangest won.
Compensation second, Our Nellie third. Time,
I:C3.
On* mile, Jim Conway won. The Burlington
Route second, Pat Garret third. Time, 1:45%.
Selling, six and one-half furlongs, Jim Gore
II won, Agitator second, Aratoma third. Time,
1:25. . •
WANTS TO
FIGHT IN
CALIFORNIA
Jeffries Threatens to Declare
Off His Match With
Corbett
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Feb. s.— Unless the Sea
side Athletic Club agrees to offer 66 2-3
per cent of the gross receipts and gives
William A. Brady his former 25 per cent
Interest in the Coney Island organization
It cannot have the coming championsliip
heavy-weight battle between James J.
Corbett and James J. Jeffries. Brady, wh>
Is Jeffries* manager. Is responsible for
this statement.
Brady's declaration was made subse
quent to a statement by George Considine,
Corbett's manager, in which Considine
accused Brady of being Interested In the
offer of the National Athletic Club of San
Francisco, and declared that Brady's de
sire to have Jeffries fight In California
was because the climate of the Golden
State favored the champion. Jeffries'
manager admitted to me that he had an
Interest In the National Athletic Club,
but said Consldlne's other statement was
absurd. • • .
"My position in the National Athletic
Club," said Brady, "is precisely the same
as Consldlne's toward the Broadway
Athletic Club. It is a business proposition
with me. Corbett would be sure of fatr
treatment In tho National Club's- areua,
and Tom O'Rourke, who Is a stockholder
In the Broadway Athletic Club, has
coached his own men in its arena."
Brady Intimated that If Corbett insisted
on Coney Island as the battle ground he
would declare the contest off and that the
champion would make a match with some
other heavy-weight, to - take place In
Paris during the exposition.
SCHOOL BOYS
TO COMPETE
FOR MEDALS
Academic League Arranges
Swimming Contests for
Next Friday Night*
The next event of importance In ama
teur athletic circles will be the second an-
nual swimming tournament of the Aca
demic Athletic League, which will be held
at the Olympic Club on Friday evening.
Intense interest is being manifested in
the outcome of the contests, as the high
schools of this city and Alameda County
have entries in each event. Gold and* sil
ver medals will be awarded to the victors
The fastest time In each heat will be
taken Into consideration by the committee
In making the awards. Herbert Hauser,
J. S. Dobbins and W. Mlddleton compose
the committee.
The following officials have been cho
sen: Referee, John Elliott;- starter, Phil
Wand; timers, John Hammersmith,
George James, Fred Butz; Judges, Alec
Pape, H. A. Weddermann, George Hinkel,
Lester Hammersmith; clerk of course,
Professor Sid Cavlll. The events and the
entries are aa follows:
(Abbreviations: O. H. S., Oakland High
School; A. U. A., Alameda University Associa
tion; 8. M. S., St. Matthew's School: L. H. S.,
Lowell High School; P. 11. S.. Polytechnic
Hish School; B. 11. S., Berkeley Hißh School.)
100 yarde, three heats— First heat. Schilling.
Q. H. S.; W. Hamm. L. 11. S.; Forrest. A. U..
A. ; Liebrandt. S. M. 8. Second heat— Symmes.
L. H. S.; Wlßholm, P. H. S.; Mitchell, A. U.
A.; Hoffmann, B. H. S. Third heat— Greene,
P. H. S. ; Wight. O. H. S. ; Goldstein, S. M. S.
220-yard dash, three heats— First heat—Met
calf, O. H. S.: WlEholm. P. H. S.; Goldstein.
S. M. S.; F. Hamm. L. H. 8.; White, A. U. A.
Second heat— Johnson, O. H. S.; Liebrandt, *S.
M. S.: Wljcht, O. H. T.; Symmes. L. H. S.
Third heat— Greene, P. H. S.; Bishop, S. M.
S.; Mitchell. A. U. A.; Hoffmann. B. H. 8.;
W.Hamm. L. H. S.
440-yard dash, two heat«H-Flrst heat— T. S.
Hall. O H. S.; W. Hall, A. U. A.; Johnson,
O. H. S.; Strohlein, P. H. 8.; Hamm, U H. S.
Second heat— Gray, O. H. S.; Leary, P. H S.;
dough.- P. H. S. : Bishop, S. M. S.; Kehrleln,
L. 11. S.; Swinnerton. L, H. S.
880-yard dash, two heats— First heat— Leary,
P. H. S.; Metcalf , O. H. S.; White. A. U. A.;
Kehrlein. L. H. S. Second heat— Schilling, O.
H. S.; Clougrh, P. H. S.; W. Hall, A. U. A.;
Lamb, B. H. S.
STROMO IS
LANDED AT
LONG ODDS
One of the Surprises of the
Day at Oakland— Choices
Do Well.
Those racegoers who take an occa
sional shot, at the moon brought down a
big bird at Oakland track yesterday, when
Stromo .tiptoed in at odds ranging arw
where from 50 to 100 to L The lumbering
gelding had been taking kindly to his
morning work, and as he was meeting a
hunch of cheap ones the books sold quite
a number of pasteboards on the outsider.
Fauntleroy, the colored boy, had the
mount, and blessed with all kinds of luck
paesed Coda In the stretch, winning
easily. The form players backed Mary
Kinsella, and had Vittitoe not been cut
off on a half dozen occasions they would
undoubtedly have experienced the pleas
ure of getting in line.
Three favorites— Vioris, Matt Hogan and
Scotch Plaid— took purses, the ring laying
good prices against each. The track was
"dead," the time In most of the events
being slow.
The white with purple cap of Bam Par
ker, the Hawaiian turfman, was borne to
the front by Vioris in the opening sprint.
The mare closed favorite over Espirando
and nine other ordinary platers, and with
Jenkins up scored in clever fashion. The
second choice disposed of Senora Caesar
quite as handily for the place.
"Boots" Durnell annexed another purse
with Matt Hogan, the willowy Wagner
pelding:. in- the five and one-half furlong
dash which followed. An 11 to 5 choice,
he showed first in the stretch, and won
nodding from Xance O'Xeil, with Mission
a close third.
Rollick, the chestnut youngster from
the Burns & Waterhouse stable was
bowled out at odds of 9 to 20 In the two
year-old spin. Scotch Belle, al2 to 1 shot,
with Henry In the saddle, outfooted the
favorite without apparent effort. Gaylon
Brown, which this time broke away In
front, ran third.
Magrane's sprinter Montgomery made
short work of Midlove in the six furlong
number. The smart filly was installed a
pronounced favorite, and after leading to
the stretch quit badly. Montgomery,
which had been trailing, won galloping
from Monrovia. The other staters were
out of their latitude.
Another ridiculously easy win was that
of Scotch Plaid in the last event of the
day, a mile selling run. Nine to five was
laid against Billy Cahill's useful horse,
and he finished at the wire slowed down
to a Jog. over two lengths before Wyom
ing. Henry finished third on Los Me
danos, a 12 to 1 shot. 2:— '.,'..
Track Notes.
The stewards of the California Jockey
Club will meet this evening, when the
case of Tommy Burns will be taken up.
Martin Xathanson of Chicago mingled
with the crowd at the track yesterday.
Mr. Xathanson Is secretary of the Har
lem Racing Association and will receive
entries for the 'stake events at that track
as well as those at Lakeside.
Al Martin is the latest recruit to the
ranks of gold seekers heading for Nome.
His string, consisting of Lost Girl, P A
Finnegan and a half brother to the
tirst-named mare, will be sold at auction
next Saturday.
Frank McMahon, who has not met
with the best of luck lately, had a fairly
good bet down on his horse Stromo.
Vittitoe seems timid ever since his ac
cident last summer, and the youngster
would 'save himself a world of adverse
comment If he would confine his riding
to small fields. Then perhaps his nerve
and confidence might return.
To-Day's Entries.
Fln>t race, seven . furlongs; four- year-olds
and up: selling. ¦
754 Tvinkle Twink..lo7 EP9 Lucid .'.109
TM Skirmish 107 6T.3 Lone Marie ....107
700 Sylvan Lass 104 714 Dogtown 112
704 Meadowlark ....109 700 Schiller IX2
721 New Moon ¦ 10T 6SI Wilmeter 112
702 Glen Anne 1071735 Lost Girl IU7
Second race, three and a half furlongs ;
maiden two-year-olds.
Intrepldo 1131... Trlxie R 115
€« Woeful ¦ 101 | 732 Location 98
McDonald
READY TO
DO BATTLE
jack McDonald.
SOLDIER" Phil Green and Jack Mc-
Donald are In splendid condition
for their twenty-round go to-mor
row night before the Columbia Ath
letic Club. For the pa.-a two weeks both
pugilists have trained faithfully for the
contest, and when they step into the ring
they will be fit to go the distance without
iistretsing themselves. Kach man is so
:onndcnt of his ability to win that he has
!>acked himself to the extent of a $uW side
set. tt
Great interest is being manifested in the
natch, and this bespeaks a large at
[¦endance on Wednesday night. The Co
.umbia Club .nuuiagcment has completed
»rrar.£ements to comfortably seat a large
:rowd. There will' be no. delay 'in bring
ng off the fight. Unless serious objection
,s made J. ilcGinley, the club's official
referee, will officiate in the ring. The
atter nas given entire satisfaction to the
followers of the sport by reason of his
square decisions and his discountenanc
:iß fake fighting.
The men will weigh in at 154 pounds,
md it is stated on the authority of the
?!ub directors that both are within the
tveipht limit and in fine fettle. Green will
irobably* be the favorite by reason of hi&
;iatt experience in the ring. He has pre
pared for his fight at Blanken's Six-mile
(louse and has had such clever boxers as
lack O'Brien, "Crockey" Boyle and
Jimmy Lawler to contend against. He is
;aid to have improved immensely and was
jever in better condition for a contest.
Dn the other hand, McDonald may lack
Green's experience, but he has always
¦>rcved a dangerous man In the ring. He
lit* like a heavy-weight, can take a good
>eatlr.g and is dangerous at any stage of
:he game. He will be heavily backed by
'ellow employes of the Union Iron Work 3,
»ho believe they have a world-beater in
he young man. Their betting may switch
the odds and McDonald may be on the
long end. The young shipbuilder has
trained near Harbor View and looks lik<»
a two-year-o'd, anxious for the starting
=ipnal.
Joe Bf-11 ar,<3 "Kid" Johnson will meet
n a preliminary contest fit 130 pounds, as
will also "Hilly" Sprinsrfiv-ld and Charles
rhurFtrin at 14"> pounds. The latter boxes
are clever amateurs, who have local 'rep
utations, and there is every Indication
that they will furnish good appetizers for
he dessert which follows. They will each
hattle ten rounds for a decision, money
md glory.
Northern Telegraph Line.
VANCOUVER. B. C, Feb. 5.— A party
of -thirteen Dominion Government. sur7
veyors are in this . city,, en route • to
Skaguay, • to v commence the .construction
of a telegraph line from Bennett to Atlin.
Onehundrtd men from British • Columbia
will bo cagiigad la th« work- :
Wedded at Santa Cruz.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Feb. s.— Miss Marlon
Jewett/ the only daughter of Mrs. E. T.
Jewett and a prominent young lady of
this city, to-day ' was married' to C. Otis
Metcalf, late of Boston; . Rev. J. B. On* of
thoCongregatlonal church officiated/They
will make their homm la garramfnihry
Economical
soap is one that
a touch of
cleanses.
Racing on Skis.
CHRISTIANIA. Feb. 6.— Thirty thou
sand persons, . many Americans among
them, witnessed to-day the ski, or foot
toboggan, races. The event is tho Nor
wegian Derby and 300 took part in the
contests.
Australian before the Seattle Athletic
Club on the 23d inst.
Jack O'Brien is being carefully trained
for his go with "Biddy. Bishop's hlack
wonder. Young Peter Jackson, O'Brien is
at Blanken's and is being trained by Jack
Edwards and "Crocky" Boyle. The Phil
adelphia pugilist is still swinging on his
heavy punching bag and is beginning to
feel the good effects. He says he hits
harder than ever before. He keeps up his
practice ¦ with the gloves by boxing with
Boyle, Lawler, Green and other shifty
fellows. Jackson Is always In condition,
but he will put on an edge by training at
the Ingleside House. "Biddy* 1 Bishop .will
look after his protege. The men will meet
before the National Athletic Club on Feb
ruary 14, at Woodward's Pavilion.
"Doc" Flynn, the local lad who so hand
lly gained a decision over Charley Ro
chette. has been matched with Jimmy
Reilly as a preliminary to the main go.
Toby Irwin and Jack McMahon. a clever
amateur, have also meen matched to go
ten rounds on the same night.
! "Crocky" -, Boyle, the young Eastern
lightweight, who was Imported here by
Nick Long, has been refused a match by
local clubs because* of Long's unpopu
larity. MMMH
Although their contest is nearly a
month off, Jimmy Lawler and Jack Knne
are already training for the go. They
are to fight before the Columbia Club on
March 1, instead of February 28. This
was decided on by the club management,
as it was a more convenient date.
summoned by the great Joss above.
The nephew succeeded the uncle. Nine
days ago he also left this lower world,
and the. house is now pronounced ac
cursed by the Chinese who worked
there. Superstition took hold of them
and they fled the wrath that fell upon
uncle and nephew. The pair of Hang
Lungs controlled the washing business
of Hayes Valley and prospered, but no
successor to the nephew could be
found. The shop was closed, and Hayes
Valley took to old linen, skirts, bed
clothes and other articles of wearing
apparel.
During the last few days the cus
tomers of Hang Lung the second have
applied to different departments of the
local government for aid. Some women
THIRTY women of all ages and
sizes clamoring for "wash
clothes" they could not get, yes
terday afternoon bombarded
Hang Lung's washhouse, at 462-454
Fell street. Hang Lung has departed
for celestial regions, where all is nec
tar and and no- washing is done. But
before he was called away from his
dally toil of plying the iron he left his
business in a tangle. Hang Lung, de
funct, has now many Irate women de
manding perdition for his soul, for
they cannot recover their washing
without process of law.
The late Hang Lung was a nephew
of a former Hang Lung, who was pro
prietor of the Fell street washhouse
until three weeks ago, when ho was
recovered their property on search
warrants, but • yesterday this was
stopped by a refusal of the Police
Judges to jprant further warrants. So
the Public Administrator was besieged,
but his attorney advised- against med
dling. The Administrator's office re
ceives its emoluments on a percentage
basis, and there is, nothing in wash
clothes. Then the Police" Judges were
appealed to again, and they promised
to unwind the difficulty at 2 o'clock.
The hour arrived, with . the women
waiting, but no officer to distribute the
clothing. One officer stood guard at
the door, with a warning to all that
no entrance was to be allowed.
The clothes are still in the house.
"When the law says go ahead there will
be a scramble that will rattle Hayes
Valley.
And They All Sang, "Let Us Take Our Clothes and Go."
DEFUNCT HANG LUNG LEAVES
MANY WOMEN AS MOURNERS
WIISHY IS HEALTHFUL! j
CSr A Natural Miaoral Water ?
S£? with medicinal qualities, q
f^|\ For Indigestion and o
4*w&t> Stomaen Disorders, o
jfe|| So-called VICHY |
P»&»g| IN sipHONS °
jll* iW WCHY I
A. VICN IER. Distributing Agent £
HIGH CLASS STAKES TO
BE RUN AT TWO PARKS
Fifty-Six Dog Stake to Be Contested
on Wednesday — Coursing at
Ingleside.
Seldom if ever in the history of Union
Coursing Park has such a high class mid
winter stake been offered to the public as
that drawn in Pythian Castle last night,
to be run off on Wednesday. It will be
difficult for the talent to pick the winner
of the stake. Queen Kilp, owned by S. V.
O'Neil. has never been seen at the local
parks, but has won a number of stakes in
Los Angeles and has shown well in Kan
sas. The running of T.J. Cronin's Dai3y
Dale and Thorndale will be watched -with
interest, as they belong to the same litter
as Vendel . and Vlken, who divided each
stake they have been in. Daisy Maid is
also a promising youngster. She is a Ut
ter sister of Whltehead, a stake- winner.
The prizes offered are as follows: "Win
ner, $o0: runner up. $20; third. $20; next
three, $12 50 each; next seven. $3 each and
next fourteen, |$2 50 each. The probable
winners of the first round are:
Narcissus. Rienzl, Lady Granard. Magic Cir
cle, Singleton. Lottie M, Sky Blue. Mercy May.
Expense, Daisy Dale, Blacklock. Norwest. Te
rona, Baldwin Belle. False Flatterer. Magneto.
May Hempstead. Mystic Maid. Delia M. Fly-
Ing Fox. Reannnex, Echo. Said Pasha. Ter
ronite, Nellie Bawn. Wild Wood. Rapid Edi
tion, Pat Reilly.
The midweek stake was drawn as fol
lows: jfejaß
A. Massee's Hadiwist vg. Curtis & Son's
Narcissus; Land & Garter's Rienzl vs. CurtU
& Son's MeKinley; Land & Gerber"s Concord
vs. P. Relay's Lady Granard; J. McEnroe's
Magic Circle vs. J. Keenan'a Koyal Oak; Cap
tain Clarkson's Black Hawk vs. Maher &
Reid's Singleton; Curtis & Son's Commodore
vs. H. Lynch's Lottie M; Bartel Bros." Baron
Blood vs. P. McCabe's Sky Blue; W. F. Hobb'»
Mercy May vs. M. B. Cavanaugh's Hard
Lines; P. Relay's Expense vs. W. N. Hoag's
Lady Norborne; T. J. Cronin's Daisy Dale vs.
Joe Watkln's Merciful; J. Keenan's Blacklock
vs. P. Reilly' s Master Mat: P. Reilly's Rich
mond Queen vs. J. M. McEnroe's Norwest: E.
Casserly's Lady Blanche vs. Curtis & Son's
Terrona; T. J. Cronin's Thorndale vs. Bartel
Bros.' Ballroom Belle; F. Moran's Falsa Flat
terer vs. Pasha Kennels' Rather Artful; John
Denis' October Woodcock vs. M. London's
Magneto; D. E. Wiley's May Girl vs. Pasha
Kennels' May Hempstead: H. Lynch's Mystic
Maid vs. R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's Dairy Mali;
F. C. Mack's Delia M va. A. Nichol's Precede:
P. Reilly's (names) Richmond Crest vs. Cur
tis & Son's Flying Fox; Pasha Kennels* Re
annex vs. Bartel Bros." Banner Bright: Cur
tis & Son's Echo vs. Jo* Watkln's Merciless:
E. H. Mulcaster*s Lass o' Gowrle vs. J. M.
Halton's (names) Said Pasha: J. Rothman's
Justice vs. Curtis & Son's Terronite; Maher A
Reed's Nellie Bawn vs. Pasha Kennels' Silvia:
Ed Evatt's Hurricane vs. J. Murnane's Wild
Wood; Pasha Kennels' Rapid Edition vs. J.
Smiths (names) Master Workman: N. J.
O'Neill's Pat Reilly vs. S. V. O* Nell's Queen
K«lp.
COURSING AT INGLESIDE.
A midweek stake of forty entries will be
contested at InglesJde Coursing Park on
Thursday, beginning at 11:30 a. m.. Fol
lowing la the result of last night's draw-
Ing:
A. Johnson's Mt. Beauty ts. Connell Bros.'
Dunmore; J. Dean's Mlalmo vs. A. Johnson's
Tod Sloan; Lowe t Thorn Dson's King's Bord
.erer vs. S. Handy's Free and Easy; F. Moran's
False Flatterer vs. L. Wiggins' Dexter P; J.
O'Dowd's Clifton Lass. vs. N. G. Nichols*
Treva: J. R. Smith's Victor vs. Kay Bros.'
Sir Rothwell: A. L. Austin's Firm Fo« vs. T.
Cox's Halrbrain; J. I. O'Brien's Wandering
Tom vs. Bterl & Knowles' O^ara; G. Buehn's
Aloha vs. F. X. Foleys Alarue: Curtis &
Son's Vulcan vs. Captain Anderson's Defiance;
T. J. Cronln's Vixen vs. J. Seggerson's Gold
Hill: A. L. Austin's Los Angeles vs. Russell
& Wilson's Palmflower; T. Gaffney's Sir John
Arnott vs. D. Byrnes* Molly Ho^an; M. B.
Kavanagh's Hard Lines vs. Kelly & Conroy'a
Kitty Lee; G. Buehn's Monogram vs. J. Segger
eon's Candelarla; It. Attrldge's Masterpiece vs.
W. C. Glasson's Sleigh Bells; W. Perry's Cam
pania vs. A. Johnson's Bald Eagle; T. N'lven's
Nelly N vs. J. Ronnlng's Lady Geraldine; J
I; O'Brien's Statesman vs. Kelly & Conroy*s
Magnolia; O. J.. Olsen's Sunburst vs. Lowe &
Thompson's Little Fullerton.
Coursing commences at 11:30 a. m. Thursday
McCONNELL .
WAS BUTTED
BY SMITH
FRANK McCONNELL and his man
ager and trainer, Tim McGrath,
will shortly be on their native hcatn
to offer "defies" to middle-weights
and welters. According to a letter re
ceived a few days ago by a particular
friend of McGrath, the pair will reach the
city by the 9th inst In his letter the
famous little trainer gives some inside
information as to what led to the defeat
of McConnell at the hands of Smith, the
mysterious. In his characteristic way
McGrath tays:
*I arrived here with Dave Sullivan. He fights
with Jack Hamilton to-night. I have been
around with Mike Lucy all day and we have
Just come in from a sleieh ride.
There is no end to my hard luck. Th« very
first minute of the opening round Smith butted
Frank and broke his nose and the blood choked
him all through the fight. He was so handi
capped that he could not do anything but
"Mall" all through the fight, and when he was
knocked out he was standing still as a mill
pond. His footwork gave out. Now you know
that If he could stay there that long what
would be have done if the accident had not
happened. You know a referee never sees any
thluff when a fellow from our town gets fouled.
Smith did everything to Frank but bite him
and I think had he done that It would have
be«n all right.
We will start for the coast «o that we will
arrive about the 9th Inst. to challenge the win
ner of the Neil-O'Brien fight.
When McConnell arrives he- will be
gratified to learn that his fathar ha*
matched him with Al Nelll to fight before
the Columbia Athletic Club the night It
moves into its new clubrooms.
"Spider" Kelly Is preparing for his bout
with Martin Denny. He will meet the
Get a
Made-to-Order
Suit.
GET . IN NOW.
Ton can «^t th« benefit of
a big reduction It you order
your suit within the next
80 days.
Having discontinued my
Oakland .store. I offer tae
entire stock of woolens at a
general reduction of from
C5O to S3 on a suit.
Suits to Order, from 9 12.50
Pants to Order, from f 4.00
Overcoats to Order
..„ from $13.00
Mado tn f!rsvc'.ass style
and guaranteed to fit.
Joe Poheim,
Tho Tailor,
1110-1113 Market St.
201-203 Montgomery St.
STANFORD'S
NINE TO PLAY
ON SATURDAY
BASEBALL enthusiasts, especially
those of both sexes who are Inter
ested In the forthcoming serle3 of
games between the University of
California and Stanford, will have an op
portunity of securing a line on the car
dinal aggregation on Saturday next, when
they will meet the- Fireman's Fund team
at Recreation Park.
On that day C. B. Strohn, captain of
Stanford's nine, will line up his strongest
players and prove their worth to defend
the cardinal colors on the diamond. It is
probable that Strohn will occupy his old
position at second, as in Horn Coach Mur
phy has found a good man to act as back
stop. Lanagan has even greater speed
than last year and better control of the
ball. He will in all probability occupy
the pitcher's box.
Strohn, this year's captain, haa been
playing baseball for many years. He
comes from Los Angeles, where he played
first base for the Tufts-Lyons team the
year it won the Examiner tournament.
He prepared for Stanford at the Univer
sity of California. He is a student In
history and philosophy of the class of 'V).
"Pete" Kaarsberg, who will captain the
blue and gold nine, is so well known In
college athletics that he . hardly needs
mention. It Is sufficient to pay that he
has pitched for his team during the pabt
two seasons and has also played fullback
on the victorious 'Varsity eleven. H<t was
elected to his position by reason of his
ability on the diamond and his great pip
ularitv. With "Peter, Peter. Stanford
eater, in the box the members of his co"
lege are confident that their team will do
its utmost to bring tho pennant over to
the classic shades of Berkeley.
CAPTAINS OF THE STANFORD AND CALIFORNIA BASEBALL TEAMS.
Photos By Taber. i ':.
BOXING BASEBALL Sporting Events COURSING RACING
THE SAN FBAyCISCOCALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1900.
£ I 1 ' J
£ visit DR. JORDAN'S grcat<>
JHUSEUH OF ANATOMY*
A £§ lKl¥iinsBr.Ut.ftU».SJAl.i '
T ,%ST Tbo La/zeit Anatcmical Museum bi tbo \
W tfiirrj ii Wcmd. Weaknesses cr any contracted A
' fi-tfSW disease p»««»l»«-lr «»»•«• f-v the oldest T
9 ISS rf l speu*'i»t ca the Coui. E»i 36 yrar*- •*
£ fifJS? J OR. JCaDAM-PSJYATE DISEASES 0
O i YiWh Tr«i!n;nt p;isona!; y rr by letter. A3
\fi If \J 8 Akin CW« la e»ery ca\« anderakm. T
19f \\jL Write for Book. PBILOMOPHV«*J
r* d II 1 * K*S»Utr. MAiUO FJtXB. <A r
A tl II- »»luab:e book for B>«aJ \
7 nit. JDKD 1A A CO. 1051 Market st-.S. F. f
y 3 Is Ett*3 r$ Era RifcJ
If Jr 3 I f^l bI ™1 B •&& M
ADVERTISEMENTS.
|NO OTHEH DOCTORS f
I Will Make Such an Offer. \
a) DR METERS A CO.'S patients may X
fi deposit the prica of a cure la any Saa E
H Francisco bank, to b« paid onJy after they g
H ar« well, or pay In monthly installment*, fc,
¦ No Incurable Cases Taken at Any Price, n
1 They Cure f&e Following Ailments: |
E Private Diseases BIooJ Poison h
§ Nervous Debility Bladder Diseases g
Eg Hydrocele, Spine Diseases f j
g Varicocele Heart Diseases ' p\
X Kidney Diseases Lost Manhood y
I Borne Cnres— Free Boot |j
*'. Thousands of men ar». cared at homo B|
B every year. "Write for free pri*»t» book. RR
B advice. Question list. eta. {_!
IDR. MEYERS SCO., I
11 731 MARKET 3T., S. F. ||
B Hours. Sto 5 daily. 7to 8 evening*. I M
m to 11 Sundays. Elevator entrance. M
p " The wheel world knows that H
rj Cleveland Bicycles are the best' 1 H
I 1900 MODEL 1
CLEVELANDS
I BIGfIEST GRADE [
9 $40 and $50
| LEAVITT & BILL, i
N 800 LA R KIN 6T. !
Q 20 Smn Pablo Ato., Oakland. [
i-g Open Evenlnga. £
I Old Wheels Taken in Exchange t
REGISTRATION OF VOTERS
REGISTRATION FOR TIIE PRIMARY AXD
General Election la now open at th« offlci
of the Registrar of Voters at tha New City
Hall. McAllister-street entrance.
Registration for the purpose of the primary
election to be held August 14. 1300. will ceasa
July IS. I**- and tor tae Keneral election tto
be held on November 6. 1900). will contlnua to
and incluJlnsr September 26, 1300, when regis-
tration will cease.
Those who registered thta year <1900> an<J
have moved can re-register on or before Octo-
ber 11. 130O. 'when all registration will cease.
Every person ¦claiming to be entitled to .vote at
the aforesaid elections must be registered
upon the Register of the City and County a*
an elector of ami within the election ' precinct
wherein he claims to be entitled to vote.
Office open from 8:80 a. m. to 5 p. ra.
By order of the Board of Election Commis-
sioner*. THOS. J. WAX.SH.
Registrar of "Voters and Secretary Board ol
Election Commissioner*,
4irs
worse
Fora
woman
To suffer with 3 VJP^ <'" \ \
ekia disease than '1 ff.\ ffrn^ oTf
it is for a man, \ &/ ¥' % 'yi
for a smooth 6kin % IS .f-ji : *¦'*&
and a clear com- \ 2(* TggESifZ'Syb
piexion are es- \ fe^^S^T Sf*
Eential eleraenta '•'•W''
cf f es:a3e beauty. '^Batr I '^t^"*
When the taint TggaSwC'^S:
of scrofiila i« in
the blcxxi it will
be sure to show mb@ Sr'
itself soon or
Ute. Often its
manifestations
are as repulsive as they are painfuL
Many people have been cured of scrof-
ula in its most malignant forms by the
use of Dr. Pierces Golden Medical
Discovery. This remedy is remarkable
for its power to purify the blood. It
absolutely eliminates the corrupting ele-
ments. It makes the blood clean and
rich. It increases the action of the
blood-making, glands, and so increases
the quantity of pure blood supplied to
the body.
-I will forever thank yon for advising: me to
take Dr. Pierce* Golden Medical Discovery,"
writes Mr*. J»». Mnrphv. of Fonda. Pocahontas
Co . lowa. "It has enrtd me of chronic scrofula,
of twelve years' standing:. I had doctored for
the trouble until I wa« completely discouraged.
I also had chronic diarrhea for twelve years. I
am in pood health now— better than I ever was
is tny life, owing to Dr. Pierces Golden Medi-
cal XHsoorerr. I took several bottles of tie
'Discovery* before I stopped."
Dr. Pierces Common Sense Medical
Adviser, a work for every woman, is sent
free, on receipt of 21 one-cent stamps (to
pay cost of mailing only), for paper
edition. Cloth-bound, 31 stamps. Ad-
dress Dr. R, V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
THE little two-year-old son of James
J. Reilly. a fireman in the employ of
the San Francisco and San Mateo
Railway Company, was struck and
killed by the San Luis Obispo Express,
near Sunnyside, yesterday afternoon. The
baby had been playing oh the track and
the engineer of the train did not observe
it until the iron monster was almost upon
it and had dashed the mangled body over
the embankment. James F. Rockwell, the
engineer, was arrested on a charge of
manslaughter, but was afterward released
on bail. . , : • ;
The parents of the child state that It
had left the' house and wandered up the
steep embankment on which the track is
laid. When the express came along a girl.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
However accurately the Republican conferees represent Governor Taylor, or how necessary the latter's acquiescence is
necessary to the carrying out of the plans agreed upon to-night can only be determined by the events of the next twenty
four hours. It Is probable that the Republican policy was materially Influenced by the following telegram:
"WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 4. 1900.— Hon. W. S. Taylor: The unanimous sentiment here is that you are wrong in pre
venting the Legislature from meeting, and that you should submit the disputed questions to the civil courts. Federal assist
ance cannot be given you on your requisition so long as the Legislature is in session or can be convened. There is no
doubt but it can be convened if you will permit. The Democrats Intend that if any violence occurs you shall be the ag
gTessor. You will by forcible resistance alienate all who formerly sympathized with your case. No assistance. An
swer. W. J. DEBOE."
] issued revoking the meeting at London,
| and that it would proceed as originally
| intended by him. He denied in the most
emphatic manner that there had been any
intention on the part of the Republican
party to abandon the London session. This
j was a bombshell to many of the Dcmo
j cratic members of the Legislature, who,
j acting on the advice of their attorneys,
had left the city Saturday night and o:i
Sunday morning in order to be away from
the capital in case it was decided by Gov
ernor Taylor to convey them to London
for the purpose of helping out a quorum.
They had left the city as directed, and
early this morning a large number of
them were told to return, as everything
had been settled and an agreement
reached which would allow the Legisla
ture to occupy the chambers In the Capi
tol. They came in from all directions
and on every train, and by noon fully
thirty of them had arrived. They knew
nothing of the situation except what had
been contained in messages received by
them, and these were found to be mis
leading when they were confronted on
their arrival in Frankfort by the state
ment of Governor Taylor. They imme
diately began preparations to leave the
city, and at nightfall Democratic mem
bers were as scarce as they were in the
morning before the first train arrived.
Late in the evening word came that an
adjustment favorable to the Democrats
might be made at the Louisville confer
ence, which was expected, however, to
last through the greater part of the night.
By this time the Democratic members
were pinning their faith once more to
legal advice and were beyond the reach
of reassuring telegrams.
To-day in Frankfort was county court
day, which comes on the first Monday of
every month, and brings to the city any
where from 2000 to oOuO outsiders. The
niftnber to-day was smaller than usual,
for many assurances had gone forth from
here that there was a strong possibility
of trouble, and nobody without special
business should take it upon himself to
come to town. The crowd, however, was
sufficiently large to throng the streets
and this, coupled with the fact that the
Democrats were returning to the city In
numbers, and that during the morning
at least political excitement ran high.
Induced Adjutant General Collier to make
more ample preparations foV the suppres
sion of possible trouble than he had done
at any previous time. A three-Inch rifled
cannon was brought from the armory on
the hillside and placed in • the Capitol
grounds, pointing directly down St. Clair
street. Ammunition was placed beside it
and beside the Gatllng guns which were
on both sides of it, comman^.ng the ap
proaches to the Capitol building from the
southwest and southeast.
The State Board of Election Commis
sioners met to-day in the Capitol Hotel
for a short session and then decided to
make an attempt to visit the office of
the commission In the Capitol building.
They reached there after considerable
trouble with the sentries and promptly
adjourned until 10 o'clock to-morrow
morning to meet in the Capitol Hotel.
Although every leader of the Democratic
party is away from Frankfort, it is un
derstood and believed by such of those
who remain here that the Democratic
party, in case of a failure to agree with
the Republicans in Louisville, will at once
proceed to- organize a State government.
In order to do this with the least possible
delay. It is necessary that t7ie contests
for the minor positions on the State
ticket shall be determined immediately.
Governor Beckham has at the present
time no Secretary of State, no Treasurer
and no Auditor. It will not be possible
of course, for him to transact State busi
ness until these officers have been seateo.
and it is with the object of facilitating
matters In this respect that the Election
Commissioners are now at work. All
these contests are little more than mat
ters of form, every one of them resting
upon the same evidence which caused the
Legislature to -decide the Goebel-Taylor
contest in favor of the former. The con
tests will be decided by the Election Com
missioners, and their decision is already a
foregone conclusion.
Among the arrivals to-day was Colonel
Thomas C. Campbell of • New York, and
formerly of Cincinnati. It Is stated that
he had previously been working on the
contest as counsel for the dead contest
ant. He was in conference to-day and
to-night with the friends of Governor
Goebel. including the brothers, Arthur
and Justus. It is stated that Colonel
Campbell is assisting in working up vig
orous prosecution, and that there has al
ready been much information gathered
by detectives on which arrests are ex
pected soon.
LOUISVILLE,' Feb. s.— Acting on the 1
understanding reached last night in
Frankfort by the representatives of
the rival Governors, the Democratic
managers succeeded In reaching most
of the Democratic members of the
Legislature who were expected to at
tend a session of the General Assembly
in this city to-day and got them headed
for Frankfort. No session of the Legis
lature was held here, but an informal
meeting was held at Frankfort by the
Democratic members, who, without
transacting any business, adjourned un
til to-morrow. Meanwhile Speaker Trim
ble. President of tho Senate L. H. Carter,
Clerks Cromwell and Leigh and Sergeant
at Arms Haley remained in this city
awaiting the result of the conference,
which was expected to bring some order
out of the present condition of affairs.
They remained here over night, but can
easily reach Frankfort to-morrow morn-
Ing In time for a session if that course is
thought wise.
The day was a busy one for Governor
Beckham. Arising early at his headquar
ters at Selbach's Hotel, he spent the first
hours of the day with close personal
friends In his apartments at the hotel.
At 10:30 o'clock he started for the resi
dence of Colonel James Fetter, to see' his
mother, Mrs. Julia Beckham who camo
down from Chicago this morning. It was
the first meeting between mother and son
since the latter had become Governor
Each was greatly affected. After return
ing to his hotel numerous conferences oc
cupied the remainder of the day. A large
number of telegrams and letters of con
gratulation were received by the Governor
to-day. Among them was the following:
CULPEPPER. Va.. Feb. s.— Governor Beck
ham: We deplore the death of Governor Goebel.
Offer 900 men to see Justice meted out. Answer
C. E. SMITH.
Colonel Virginia State Guard.
A good deal of interest centered about
Adjutant General Castleman and his new
National Guard. The general was not at
all well and was confined to his bed all
day. Recruiting for the battalion of the
First Regiment, which it had been decided
to raise, was actively carried on, but be
yond this there was not much doing in
this branch of the Democratic State gov
ernment, the more peaceful trend of
events having checked preparations of
this kind. The Governor, however, ex
pressed a . purpose to avail himself, in
case it should become necessary, of the
services of separate companies which have
been or are being organized In a number
of Kentucky towns to support the Demo
cratic State officers. In addition arrange
ments have been made to utilize city po
lice and deputy sheriffs If they should be
needed.
LONDON, Ky., Feb. 6.— There was no
display of animosity among the citizens of
London when it became a certainty to-day
that the Legislature was to convene here.
There is but one Democratic member
here. Senator Hayes, from Jefferson
County, and he Is of the anti-Goebel fol
lowing. Altogether twenty-seven Repre
sentatives and nine Senators have arrived
There is one more train to arrive before
to-morrow noon and possibly the number
may be increased before the time for con
vening. When the citizens learned this
afternoon that no Democratic members
were aboard the train disappointment was
freely expressed.
The company of militia from Barbours
ville stood at attention before the Laurel
County Seminary building, the London
home of the Legislature, when the mem
bers walked past from the railroad sta
tion to the hotels. The presence of the sol
diers did not provoke any comment, but
was placidly accepted as a part of the
regular legislative programme. The town
has been tilled with mountaineers all day
partly owing to the fact that the Laurel
County Circuit Court began its winter
term to-day, but more especially that
"court day" is the regular day for the
mountaineers to come to town to swap
horses and make purchases.
The Republican members of the Senate
and House held separate and secret cau
cuses to-night In the Circuit Court room
the Senators occupying one side of the
room and the Representatives the other
The caucuses occupied but short time'
Both caucuses appointed committees to
draft resolutions of respect upon the deith
of Governor Goebel. -.... }
The following resolutions of respect will
be submitted by both houses at the open
ing session of the Legislature to-morrow:
Whereas, Senator Goebel, an honored mem
ber of the Senate of Kentucky, died on the third
day of February, 1900, his death belne caused
by assassination; therefore be It
Resolved by the Senate of Kentucky, That we
deprecate and deplore the serious crime which
caused his death, believing that assassination
Is an utterly Indefensible and cowardly and
heinous offense against the laws of God and
man. That in honor of our late colleague the
Senate shall stand adjourned until Thursday
February S. 1900. '
As far as can be learned the two houses
"T* OUISVILLE, Ky.. Feb. 6.— lf the a greement drawn up last night at the conference of the representatives of the
I Republican and Democratic administrations, held at the Gait House in this city, is accepted and carried out the
I Etrife which has rent Kentucky from end to end for the past two weeks will be ended. The agreement was reached
J .shortly after midnight and arrangements were Immediately made to have it drawn up and signed. This was slow
work, however, and it was after 2 o'clock when the conferees separated.
The Democrats gained nearly every point they contended for, and the Republican representatives, Lieutenant
Governor John Marshall, General Dan Lindsey and Attorney David Farleigh, gave assurances that the agreement would
be accepted by Governor Taylor to-morrow.
The agreement provides that In order to leave no question as to the title of William Goebel and J. C. "W. Beckham
to the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor, respectively, the General Assembly shall pass a resolution In Joint
assembly validating the acts on that subject since the Legislature has been prevented by troops from holding Its regular
sessions at Frankfort. As soon as the Legislature does this Beckham's title to the office of Governor is not to be ques
tioned. The Democrats grant immunity to Governor Taylor and his associates from prosecution for treason, usurpation
of office or contempt of court for what has been done since the shooting of Goebel. These matters are to be held in
Rbeyance until next Monday. The Republican Legislature Is to be withdrawn from London immediately and no filibus
tering or other attempt of this character is to be resorted to by the Republicans to obstruct the carrying out of this
agreement in the Legislature.
The Democrats suggest that in view of the great crowds expected in Frankfort during the Goebel funeral ceremonies
the soldiers should be withdrawn. The Republicans ask that an adequate guard be left to protect Governor Taylor and bis
associates. It was finally agreed to leave to General Daniel Lindsay, one of tho Republican conferees, the decision as to
how many troops should be left to prevent a clash as a result at the Goebel funeral, the Republicans to begin at once the
withdrawal of the troops from Frankfort. It was agreed that the Board of Election Commissioners, sitting as a contest
board, should be allowed to meet at Frankfort without molestation, the Democrats agreeing that no summary action be
taken on these contests and that nothing be done without due hearing of evidence and argument.
The Republicans asked that some provision for the repeal or modification of the Goebel law be included in the agree
ment. The Democrats agreed that to two leading Republicans and two leading Democrats should be left the matter of sug
gesting changes in the Goebel law believed to be wise.
The acceptance of this agreement by the principals is the only element of uncertainty now remaining in the situation.
Naturally there was no objection from the Democrats and the attitude of Governor Taylor will certainly be known to-mor
row.
FRANKFORT, Ky.. Feb. s.— Governor
Taylor to-night made a distinct and
positive offer to submit the merits,
of his claim to the gubernatorial
chair Qf Kentucky to any three
fair minded men in the world, these
three men to be selected by the United
States Supreme Court. He will allow them
to arbitrate the case and will abide by
their decision. This announcement h-s
made to a correspondent of the Asso
ciated Press nt 6 o'clock to-night in his
cfSce «n the executive building. The dec
laration made by Governor Taylor regard-
Ing arbitration was at once wired by the
Associated Press correspondent to Lttu
ter.ant Governor John Marshall and At
torney David W. Fairlelgh, Republican
members of the political conference held
to-night at Louisville.
Chaotic !s the only word that will de
scribe the political situation as it existed
to-day at Frankfort. This condition atoso
not bo much from anything that was done
by either side as from the countless
ctortes and rumors that were spread
broadcast during the day.
Early In the morning it was positively
asserted by the Democrats and confirmed
by a few Republicans that the legislative
session in London was about to be called
oil. The Democrats claimed to hffxj hal
the highest possible assurance that Gov
ernor Taylor would take such action, and
that the next session of the Legislature
•would be held In Frankfort In the Capitol
building to-morrow morning. Governor
Taylor late in the morning, however, al
tered the situation entirely by declaring
to a correspondent that no order had been
Cf Hits and l>lOaKS<^*i*ron the Tib
HENSHAW. BUCKLET&CO.. Pumps. Steam aad
Gasoline Cosines, Boilers. 2S viS 23 Fremont.
Florence Kendell, residing at 126 Hearst
fetreet, saw the peril of the little one and
rushed to rescue it. The train came too
quickly for her and before she could
reach the spot the cowcatcher of the en
gine had claimed Its victim. Just before
the boy was struck the airbrakes had been
applied, but the momentum of the cars
drove them some distance past where the
little mangled form had been thrown.
. James F. Rockwell, engineer of the ex
press, ¦ after being ' charged was released
on bail. He made the following statement:
"At 3:52 p. m. I was oomlng out of the
cut this side of the Industrial School at
•an average speed of twenty miles an hour,
when I saw a. girl about 12 years of age
walking off. the track. My eyes naturally
followed her in order to see if she cleared
the rails. .When I saw. she was -safe I
looked ahead again and saw a little baby
Engineer Did Not See the Infant Until. His Engine Was Almost Upon It.
on the track about 150 feet ahead. I im
mediately put on the airbrake and re
versed my engine, but it was too late, for
the cowcatcher knocked the little thins
down the embankment. I did all I pos
sibly could to prevent the accident, and I
regret it more than I will ever be able to
tell."
Coroner's Deputies Brown and Smith
conveyed the body to the Morgue. It was
found the child's skull had been fractured
In many places and there was a deep ana
ugly gash in the forehead. The right leg
had been completely severed above the
knee, and the body was a mass of
bruises. The parents of the child reside
at 212 Circular avenue.
Engineer Rockwell was In charge of the
train that killed Thomas Patton. a shoe
maker, at Ocean View en January 18 of
this year.
Palace and
Grand Hotels
For nearly a quarter ot a' century ii«
leadinz hotels on tiJ» PactSo Coast.
Wltb added laiDrovementi aad . coa-
venlances they contlnus to b* tb« he*4-
auarters for tourists aad tra»tlers \rl>-
itlsx fc*n Ftaaclsco.
JOHN C. DRKPATRICTC
]tfaaax«r.
BABY BOY CRUSHED TO DEATH
BY SAN LUIS OBISPO EXPRESS
Ple»iant. Palatable. Potent. Taste Good. D*
Good. Merer Sicken. Weaken, or Gripe. 10c. 20c. £0c.
... CURE CONSTIPATION. ...
Sttrltaf bu<; Caapur. Ckle***, Xwir-tl, Saw tart. SD
PROGRESS OF COAST ROAD.
Sp«clal Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. s.— Th© tunnel on
TAPE
WORMS
"A tape worm eighteen feet lons at
least came on the scene after my taking two
CASCAKETS. Tills lam sure has caused my
bad health for the past three years. lam still
taking Cascarets. the only cathartic worthy of
notice by sensible people."
Gxo. W. Bowlxs, BalrJ, Ulss.
CANDY
CATHARTIC
Never use an old style belt with
scorching disks and a screw which kills
instead of moderating the voltage. Get
my famous McLaughlin Belt with
cushioned electrodes and gradual regu-
lator. This is a grand medical remedy
and gives you great strength. It tones
up the nerves and cells jyid muscles
with life-force. I am giving TRIAL
TREATMENTS FREE, which show
the curative power of my appliances.
Call and take this treatment and test my
Belt, or send for my new book, free.
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin,
702 Market St., cor. Kearny, S. F.;
Burdick Block, cor. Spring and Second
Sts., Los Angeles.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AWAY WITH THE OLD
. "f*y*&* .Aj. •^^****I. V< !^ r*
the Coast Division between Surf and Ell
wood has been completed. It is the last
between San Franci3co and Santa Bar
bara and is 715 feet in length. A few miles
north Is another tunnel SCO feet lone re
cently completed. Construction work be
tween Gavlota and Jalama is being
pushed. Jalama Creek Is now spanned
by a bridge and rails have been laid north
of it. Beyond that point it will be several
months before trains can run.
Jalama. the present terminus of th© Una
from the north, is about twenty miles
north of Gavtota. A big fill between Jal
ama and Coje will not be finished before
October. Another fill about fifty feet
deep and half a mile long Is half com
pleted. The question of a roadway
through this fill has been settled by the
railroad company building a new wagon
road half a mile long.
VICTORIES OVER
ISLAND NATIVES
Filipino Towns Taken by
Americans.
PITIFUL OPPOSITION MET
VTXLAGERS ARMED ONLY WITH
WOODEN SWORDS.
At Takloban Several Fleeing Non-
Combatants, Among Them Three
Women, Are Slain by
Soldiers
MANILA. Feb. s.— Brigadier General
Kobbe's expedition in the islands of Lu
zon, Ley te and Saraar has occupied per
manently and garrisoned nine towns with
the Forty-third and Forty-seventh regi
ments. This has placed on the market
170,000 bales of hemp. A thousand insur
gents armed with rifles and over 5000
armed with wooden swords, bows and'ar
rows were encountered during the entire
trip. The troops , killed seventy-five na
tives, eleven of whom had rifles. The
others were villagers armed with wooden
swords. The American loss was one man
killed and nine men wounded. The Ameri
cans captured $9000 in gold, the enemy's
money, and forty mu2zle-loading brass
cannon. At Calbagog and Samar the en
emy evacuated the towns, the Americans
chasing and scattering them to the moun
tains.
At Catbalogan, Lukban. the Tagalog
general fired the place with kerosene Just
before the Americans landed and then
fought for - two hours with cannon and
rifles from the hills encircling the town.
When the Filipinos were driven out the
Americans did. their best to save the town,
fighting the fire for several hours. Thirty
stone and seventy other houses, half the
business portion of the place, were con
sumed. The soldiers prevented the fire
from spreading. The next day Major Al
len, with three companies of the Forty
third Regiment, pursued Lukban to the
mountain fastnesses and thence to the
coast town, whither Lukban was heading
in hopes of escape. Lukban, by taxing
the natives, has accumulated $100,000 in
gold. His capture is probable.
At Takloban, island of Ley te, the enemy
evacuated the town and the Americans
pursued them to the hills. Several fleeing
non-combatants were killed, including
three women.
At Palo, seven miles distant, the enemy
was found entrenched and resisted. . Lieu
tenant Johnston, with twelve scouts of
the Forty-third Regiment, drove out 13t»
of the enemy and captured the town.
The insurgents in these towns were
mostly Visayans, who had been impressed
into the service of the Tagalog leaders
from Luzon. The Visayans appear indif
ferent or sullenly antagonistic to th*
American occupation. The Tagalog chiefs
Influenced them against us. but when they
perceive we are much more powerful than
the Tagalogs and Intended to maintain
garrisons in order to open the islands to
commerce, it is believed, the rebel party
will lose Its popularity. The Americans
are gladly accepted by the inhabitants,
who are daily returning to the towns.
There is a rush of commercial vessels
from Manila to these new ports.
RANKS THINNED BY
WOUNDS AND DISEASE
WASHINGTON. Feb. s.— General Otis'
weekly casualty list Is as follows: •
MANILA, Feb. 4.— Deaths — Cerebro spinal
meningitis. December 30. George Mann. Com
pany H. Thirty-eighth Infantry: acute diar
rhoea, December 7, Shelby H. Taylor, Company
C, Twenty-second Infantry; valvular heart dis
ease. December 23. Joseph C. Wilson, Sergeant
Company F, Twenty-third Infantry: septicae
mia. January 25, John 11. Cogan. Company F.
Third Infantry; variola, January tS. Arthur J.
Ellis, Company H, Forty-fourth Infantry: Jan
uary 27. Clyde H. Connor, Company I. Thtrty
*ixth Infantry: malaria, Virgil J. Ferguson.
Company C, Twelfth Infantry; January 22.
Ralph L. Rlckard, Company K. Thirty-fourth
Infantry; January 28. Nathan Coffee, Company
A. Twenty-fourth Infantry: January 11. John
Pleasant, Company F. Twenty-fifth Infantry;
tuberculosis, January 30, Charles L*. Haefner,
Company I*, Thirty-second Infantry: appendici
tis. January 21, John McGonagle. musician.
Company C, Twenty-eighth Infantry: February
2. Fred P. Collins, battalion serseant major.
Fourteenth Infantry: dysentery. February 1.
Peter \V. Helvic. Company D. Forty-flfth In
fantry: February 2. Louis Ollmb. sergeant.
Company C, Eleventh Cavalry: February 1.
Charles Moore, Company E, Twenty-second In
fantry: January 13. Samuel Long. Company C.
Twenty-second Infantry: typhoid. January 24.
Thomas H. Bennett. Company G. Fourth Cav
alry: February 1. Louis McPherson Company
A. Thirty-fifth Infantry: January 27. Harry
Radambaugh. Company O. Twenty-seventh In
fantry: abscess of liver, January 24. Edgar
Stucker, Company M. Thirty-first Infantry;
pneumonia. January 2S. John Cunningham, cor
poral. Company L. Ninth Infantry: wounds In
action. January 27. Thomas CRourke. Company
E Twenty-seventh Infantry; accidental gun-
Fhot January 23. Witt Adams, Company M.
Twenty-ninth Infantry: January 18. Herman M.
Larson. Company K. Forty-sixth Infantry^
will adjourn soon after convening to-mor
row until Thursday.
TAYLOR'S PLAN TO
SETTLE THE TROUBLE
FRANKFORT, Ky.. Feb. 5.— "1 will
leave the settlement of this controversy
to any three fair-minded men on earth,"
said Governor Taylor in an interview
this afternoon. "Let three men In whom
the people have confidence be selected by
the United States Supreme Court, and I
will, with all confidence, submit the case
to their arbitration, and will cheerfully
abide by their decision in the matter. I
was elected Governor of the State of
Kentucky, not by a majority of 2200 but
by a majority of 40,0u0, and on that de
cision of the people I propose to stand.
"No acts ot the Legislature in regard
to my case have been legal because no
meeting of the Legislature has been held
according to law. The constitution pro
vides that the Legislature shall consist
of two bodies, the Senate and the lower
House, and shall sit at the seat of gov
ernment. That seat of government Is at
Frankfort, unless the Governor convenes
the Legislature at some other point. I
have convened the Legislature at Lon
don, where It will continue to sit for the
present at least, and no action by the
Democratic members of the Legislature
can therefore have any legal standing.
"Another thing, I have never been
given formal notice that I had been de
posed by act of Legislature. When such
notice of the act of the Democratic
members of the Legislature is given me
I will either Ignore It or veto it.
Governor Taylor then stated that he
was willing "to leave the settlement 'of
the controversy to three men selected by
the United States Supreme Court.
"The case of the election board Is dif
ferent from - that of the Legislature,"
continued Governor Taylor. "The law
specially provides a room for them In
the Stato building, where they shall hold
their sessions. Of course, I was declared
elected by the former board, so the pres
ent board has nothing to do with my
case. The courts enjoined tho gentlemen
appointed by me to fill the vacancies
caused by the resignations of Commis
sioners Pryor and Ellis from taking their
seats on the board, and it is useless to
submit arguments to the present board
when at least two members of that board
have already committed themselves in
regard to the contests before them. It
is simply a farce to bring the cases of
the other State officers before the
board."
TAYLOR TO ROOSEVELT.
ALBANY, N. V., Feb. 5.-Covernor
Roosevelt has received the following, tele
gram from Governor Taylor of Ken
tucky:
FRANKFORT, Feb. 5, 1900.— Governor Roose
velt: AH liberty loving people In Kentucky
honor and love you. We are struggling- for
freedom. W. S. TAYLOR.
Rosseff & Co.'s Waists
Lot I—Assorted1 — Assorted lot of this season's
plaid flannelette Waists, RossefFs price
was $1, our sale price 370
Lot 2— Assorted lot of all-wool Waists,
plain and braided, fast black sateen braid-
ed Waists, RossefFs prices were $1.50 to
$2, our sale price 790
CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE
Rosseff & Co.'s Skirts.
Lot I— Assorted lot of all-wool plaid
Skirts, assorted colors, pleasing patterns,
finely made, well lined, waterproof and
velvet binding, RosaefFa price $5. sale
Price $2.25
Lot 2 — Assorted lot of this season's fine
all-wool plaid and plain Skirts, all finely
made, RossefFa prices were $5.00 to
$8.50, oar sale price $2.95
Rosseff & Co.'s Wrap-
pers.
Lot I—This1 — This season' 3 Flannelette Wrap-
pers, dark, fancy colors, for which Ros3e2
asked $1.50, our sale price 790
Lot 2 — Assorted lot of heavy German
Eiderdown Wrappers, fancy patterns,
trimmed, Ros3efFs prices were $2.50 and
$3.50, our sale price $1.48
Rosseff & Co.'s Jackets
Lot I—Large1 — Large assortment of light and
heavy weight Jackets, travelers' samples,
not in perfect order, mostly silk lined,
RossefFs prices $5 to $25, our sale price...
500 to $2.50
Lot 2— An assorted "lot of heavy and
light weight Jackets, all silk lined, for
which Rosseff asks §10 to $25, our sale
price $4-m95
Rosseff & Co.'s Capes.
Lot I— Assorted lot of " Sample " Capes
for which RossefFs prices were $3.5'J to
$10.00, our sale price '.
500 to $2.50
Lot 2— Assorted lot of fine golf plush
and cloth and black lace Capes, nearly all
this season's, RossefFs prices were $8.50
to $25, our sale price $s.Oit
Rosseff & Co.'s Tailor
Dresses.
Lot I— A varied assortment of ladies'
all-wool Suits, for which Rosseff charged
$10 to $20, our sale price $5.Q0
Lot 2— An assorted lot of ladies' all-
wool Tailor Dresses, black, navy and col-
ored, this season's goods, many silk lined,
RossefFs prices were. $18 to $25, our sale
price ..$lO.OO
Rosseff & Co.'s
Underskirts.
Lot I— Assorted lot of Heavy Fancy Un-
derskirts, Metallic Print 3 and others,
many styles, . many of them lined, Ros-
seff*3 prices were $1.75 to $3.0 J, our
sale price S9o
Lot 2— Assorted lot of all kinds of Fancy
Underskirts, nearsilks and solid col-
ored sateens, all styles and kinds of
ruffles, RoasefFs prices were $2.50 to
$4.50 ; our sale price $1.50
Rosseff & Co.'s Chil-
dren's Jackets and
Dresses.
Lot I—Children's1 — Children's sample Jackets of all-
wool Tweeds, Kerseys and Covert Cloths,
some ali-ailk lined, ages 8 to 14 years,
Rosseffs prices were $3.50 to $7.50, our
sale price $1.95
Lot 2 — Children's Jackets of fiae Ker-
sey and Covert Cloth, some with trimmed
satin-lined cape 3, ages 8 to 14 years, Ros-
sefFs prices were $7.50 to $12, our price
$3.95
Greatest of Cloak and Suit Sales.
Second Day of the Sale of the Nsw York Manufacturing Firm's (Rosseff & Co.)
Stock— Hundreds of This Season's Garments, Including Many j~*
of the Very Finest Now Selling 37c on the Dollar or Less, jjfc Mffi *
An Agreement Reached Between Dem
ocrats and Republicans and Further
Strife May Be Averted.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE SAX FRAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1900.
TEMPORARY TRUCE IN
KENTUCKY CONTROVERSY
J^4f%b^k CANDY
m %**o? CATHARTIC
yn.Tfl Pfif 1 SoM mJ jnsrantf ed by all drug-
nU" I U'Dmli gisw to cI'UE Tobacco Uablw
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTOKATIVE. IXVIOOKa..
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the KM*
Beys and Bladder. Bells en Its own merits.
NABER. ALFS at BRUME. Agaats.
til Market street. R. V.— <S*nd for Circular).
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
AMALGAMATORS,
SAVE GOLD— Kroeh Mf*. Co.. > Stevenson
»t. Amalgamators. Sand Centrifugal Pumps.
ROTARY AMALGAMATOR.
MOORE IMPROVED »old separator and ro-
tary amalgamator now on exhibition. O Ste-
venson St.
BEACH COLD CO>CE *TRATOR.
SAVES All the Gold by pravltatlon. No quick-
silver. Hand or power. In operation 14 Spear.
ENGINES, BOILERS. ETC.
BAKER & HAMILTON. Engines and Boilers;
lowest prices on the coast. Pine & Davis iv.
5
THREE MEN OF MOMENT IN THE KENTUCKY TROUBLE.Sweden, the reports say, is-being overrun by Rus
sian spies. The Czar probably is engaged in the in
nocent pastime of learning the effect of his peace
conference, on his neighbors.
The military secrets of General Joubert, it is said,
are being peddled in every capital in Europe.
Somebody ought to send the information to the
Transvaal, where it may do some good.
Young Ladies' Institute.
Young Ladles' Institute No. 1 will give
an entertainment and dance on Friday
evening next to its friends in Sherman &
Clay's hall, and the ladles in charge an-
nounce a very entertaining programme.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
QUAY— A. S., Tracey. Cal. Tha name
Quay is pronounced as if written kwa,
with the sound of a as in hay.
CONUNDRUMS— A. E., City. This de
partment is sorry that it cannot give the
answer asked, but it draws the line at
answering conundrums.
IRRIGATION INTERESTS.
THE interests of irrigation will be advanced by
the settlement of other questions which have
caused delay in adopting a definite storage
policy for the saving of flood waters. There is a halt
all along the line to wait for the settlement of the
range leases in the semi-arid region for the use of
stockmen. The proceeds of such leases are to be di
vided with the States, to be by them applied to irri
gation purposes. It is very desirable that the lease
hold policy be at once applied in order that there
may be an accurate measure of the amount it will
produce for irrigation. When such measure is taken
the people will know how much capital they must
seek elsewhere for the storage of storm waters, and
will determine where it is to be sought, and how.
Until the leasehold question is brought down out of
the air it is a real obstruction to progress in irriga
tion.
The leasing of ranges for cattle on the public do
main is a big enough question to stand alone and
win on its merits. Since the stock increased and the
forage has been decreasing there has been a lawless
condition on the ranges for which any kind of law
would be an agreeable substitute. The cattlemen
have been arrayed against the sheepmen, and there
has been between them a condition of actual war,
involving the destruction of much property and a loss
of life. There have been scores of sub-feuds, sheep
men against sheepmen and cattlemen against cattle
men, contesting for a season's use of rapidly disap
pearing forage. As a result there has been not only
a condition of lawlessness, while the gentle shepherd
has gone armed like a marauder, but the total value
of that part of the public domain adapted to grazing
has dwindled year by year, through overstocking and
destruction of its natural grasses.
The fault was with Congress and a disposition is
now shown to correct it. If a law be passed which
properly regulates the leases, is respectful of actual
stockowners and of the small rancher's privilege to
control enough abutting commons for his domestic
stock or small herd, and which prevents speculation
in leaseholds, a most grateful change will appear.
Then the leaseholder will be interested in renewing
the exhausted grasses of his range and the agrostolo
gists of the Agricultural Department will find their
most useful occupation in protecting the country's
beef food supply, by assisting in re-seeding to the
plants which supply forage.
It is proposed to make the tenure of the leaseholds
ten years, with the privilege of two renewals, a total
of thirty years. It is safe to say that at the end of
that period the Government will own grazing lands
more valuable than they were when ranged only by
the buffalo, elk, deer and antelope, and the beef food
supply of the country will be in better condition than
now.
Our Western members should see the importance
of united action "to secure such legislation, and all
irrigators should give their weight and influence to
it, to clear the ground for the specific interest which
they represent.
would be itself a trust worse than the co-operation it
was organized to defeat. We have not yet had suffi-
The Fastest Train Across the Con-
tinent.
The California Limited. Santa Fe Rotrto.
Connecting trains leave at 8 p. m. Monday.
Wednesday. Friday and Saturday. Finest
equipped train and best track of any tin* t>
the East. Ticket office. 628 Market street
Use Dr. Slegert'a Angostura Bitters to stimu-
late tha appetite and keep tha digestive organ*
in order.
Personally Conducted Excursions
In Improved wlde-vestibuled Pullman tourist
sleeping; can via Santa Fe Route. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany these excur-
sions to look after the welfare of passengers.
To Chicago and Kansas City every Sunday.
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Louis
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday and
Friday. Ticket office. «2S Market street.
President Diaz of Mexico has taken time by the
forelock and has announced his successor. The auto
crat of the City Hall might take a few lessons in Mex
ican politics and treat us to another surprise. There
must be something in the charter to justify Phelan in
going a little further.
As a glittering example of what a newspaper did
not know of the Senatorial situation at Sacramento,
the local yellow sheet struck high water mark in a
career of ignorance. A suggestion of news occasion
ally might improve its columns.
India is subscribing very liberally to the South Af
rican war fund, and four million famine-stricken men,
women and children are begging for food within her
borders. Some patriotism evidently does not begin
at home.
An evening paper that is given away with the drinks
says that Police Commissioner Biggy once, without
reason, turned down Christopher Buckley. If that's
the case — and it seems to be — more power to his
elbow!
Special - Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Pre3s Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. - •
Valentines — comic and sentimental.
Great assortment. Sanborn, Vail & Co..
741 Market street. •
Hot Bouillon, Oyster Cocktail, Clam
Juice, Charlotte Ruise, Chocolate, Coffee,
10c each. Townsend's. 735 Market. •
Gulllet'* Ire Cream an.! Cakes. 905 Larkin St.*
Ice Cream and Cake, 15c Townsend's. •
Hot Lemonade and Orangette, 10c. Town-
send's, 735 Market street. •
TO SPEED THE
PARTING GUEST
Huntington Theater Party
in Honor of Miss Ardella
Mills.
The Misses Huntingdon grave a. theater
party last evening at the Columbia The
ater complimentary to Miss Ardella Mills,
who will leave Monday next for Europe.
After the theater there was a supper at
a downtown restaurant, which brought
the affair to a happy conclusion.
In the party were the Mlss«3 Huntlnc
ton. Miss Ardella Mills. Miss Elizabetn
Mills, Miss Kate May Dillon. Miss Lesla
Voorhles. Miss Edith Stubbs, Alfred
Poett, Alexander Center. J. Metcalf, Mr.
Gee and Mr. Bliss.
ANOTHER CO-OPERATION PROBLEM.
ONCE more the rapidly expanding practice of
co-operation has given rise to a problem
which confuses business and perplexes busi
ness men. The new issue has arisen in San Jose, the
home of the co-operative fruit unions, but this time
the intent of the movement is not to eliminate from
traffic middlemen who live at a distance, but mer
chants who live in San Jose itself; hence the com
plexity of the problem.
It appears the students of the State Normal School
in that city have combined to form a co-operative
book store, with the object of obtaining their books
at something like wholesale rates. The success of
the undertaking will mean a considerable loss to the
booksellers of the city, who have in the past had the
patronage of the 700 students of the institution. So
large a trade, of course, is not to be surrendered
without a struggle to retain it, and consequently the
book dealers are striving as best they can to defeat
the project.
The issue, as it is reported to have presented itself
to the merchants, is more important than shows at
first thought. The movement toward co-operation
is so far reaching in its influence that each new suc
cess attained by it leads to movements in similar di
rections elsewhere. Thus it is feared that if the stu
dents of the Normal make a profitable venture of their
undertaking it will not be .long before the entire
school population will, in the various larger centers,
combine to obtain books and other school require
ments on the co-operative plan. That will mean a
very heavy loss, indeed, to" many booksellers, and the
San Jose merchants are said to be engaged in an ef
fort to arouse the trade throughout the State, and
particularly in this city, to assist in the opposition to
the movement.
It is not worth while to inquire into the merits of
the controversy so far as it affects San Jose alone.
It is reasonable to assume that the book dealers of the
city have not made unjust charges for books supplied
to the students. In fact, it would be impossible for
them to do so even if they formed a combination
among themselves to fix school prices, for San Jose
is so near to San Francisco and Oakland that the out
side competition would soon bring prices down to
the rightful level. It is, therefore, probable the un
dertaking of the students is simply a part of that wide
sweeping movement toward co-operation which is
going on all over the civilized world. It is in that
light it will have to be considered; and when con
sidered so, it is not easy to see how any antagonism
can defeat it if it be properly managed. •
It is easy to denounce such combinations; easy to
speak of them as trusts, and declare them to be in
jurious to the general welfare; but the fact remains
that co-operation»is the most potent of the new eco
nomic forces of our time. It shows itself in a thou
sand forms, some good and some bad, some wise and
some foolish. Blunders are committed in its name,
and many unscrupulous things have been done by
avaricious or aggressive persons in carrying out some
of its enterprises, but it grows in spite of all. The
merchants are, of course, justified in fighting the
Normal movement by selling books cheaper than the
students' store can sell them, but anything like a
banded combination against that particular venture
CLOTH AND VELVET COSTUME.
This costume is of violet cloth. The vest
forms a bolero behind, rounded at the
waist with long fronts. It is trimmed with
stitched bands and has a collar and lapel*
faced with black velvet. The tunic is or
namented with rolled seams, and beneath
It is another tunic of black velvet. The
skirt Is lons and supple all round
BALLOTING MACHINES IN NEW YORK.
SO satisfactory have been the results of voting
by balloting machines in various cities in New
York, it is now proposed to use the machines
in the metropolis itself for the elections of the coming
fall, and the Police Commissioners have the subject
under consideration. The State constitution provides
that "all elections by the citizens shall be by ballot,
or by such other method as may be prescribed by
law, provided that secrecy in voting be preserved."
That renders it legally possible for local option zo
be exercised in the matter, and hence the movement
toward machine voting goes on in New York by de
grees, one city or county following another, instead
of waiting for action by the State government.
In a review of the experiments with the machines
in that State, the New York Sun says: "A practical
test of a voting machine was made in April, 1898, at
a local election* in Lockport. At the general State
election of November, 1898, 7$ voting machines were
used, 73 in the city of Rochester and 2 in Utica. The
experiment was encouraging, for in November, 1899,
225 machines were used, 108 in Buffalo, 73 in Roch
ester, 26 in Utica, 10 in Ithaca, 5 in Albion, 2 in
Canisteo and 1 in Winfield. The test in Buffalo, a
large city of 60,000 electors, was trying, but it appears
to have been very satisfactory, judging from the de
termination of the public authorities there to adhere
to machines."
It would appear from the record that the tests have
been sufficiently numerous and sufficiently varied to
justify the conclusion that the machines are a large
improvement over the old system. Those used in
the different cities in New York are said to be some
what similar in the principle of construction to the
cash registers and railway annunciators with which
the public is familiar. The advantages resulting are
said to be: First, celerity of voting and counting;
second, the elimination of fraud from the count; third,
the freedom from ambiguous or defective ballots;
fourth, the reduction in the number of election offi
cers, required and a consequent diminution of ex
pense; and, finally, a greater convenience for voters.
According to the reports, the duties of election
officers where the. machines are used are merely per
functory, as the machines register the votes and count
them automatically. The speed attained by them is
remarkable. It is said that in Rochester, at the first
trial of the system, the returns from all the voting
districts in the city were at headquarters in thirty
nine minutes. In Buffalo, at the last election, they
were in within seventy-seven minutes after the polls
were closed, and rapid tabulation of the results was
secured by the use of eighteen adding machines — a
further extension of the system. of substituting me
chanical methods for those of canvassers.
Such being the reports from the smaller cities, a
good deal of interest will be felt throughout the coun
try in the investigations now being made in the city
of New York. It requires something like $500,000 to
defray the expenses of an election in that city, and if
a trial be made with the machines this fall and the re
sults are as good as they are said to have been else
where, it will not be long before the machines will
be in general use in all progressive States.
WAR AND JINGOISM.
DXE of the lessons we may learn to our profit
from the British at this time is the rapidity
with which the jingo spirit develops in time of
war even among a people whose natural instincts are
more commercial than military. At the time of the
Hague conference the British people as a rule were
loud in proclaiming their devotion to peace, but some
of the very men who were foremost in professing
such devotion have taken the stump for war and are
talking as vehemently as Roosevelt himself of the
blessings of the strenuous life.
Dr. Conan Doyle, for example, in a speech at the
Authors' Club in London a few days ago, is reported
to have declared himself a convert to the jingo creed
that wars are beneficial. He is quoted as having said:
''Some eight months ago I took the chair at a peace
meeting, but I wish now to abjure that error. I have
Eecn more positive virtue in this country during the
last few months than I saw during the previous forty
Another illustration of the same jingo tendency is
to be seen in the quotations which the advocates of
war are bringing from the books of the great writers
•whose genius has conferred luster upon the Victorian
age. Thus from Ruskin's '"Crown of Wild Olive"
there is quoted a passage which runs thus:
'"When I tell you that war is the foundation of all
the arts I mean also that it is the foundation of all
tlie high virtues and faculties of men. It is very
Etrange to me. to discover this, and very dreadful —
but I saw it to be quite an undeniable fact." Further
on the idea is amplified: "I found, in brief, that all
great nations learnt their truth of word and strength
of thought in war; that they were nourished in war
and wasted by peace; taught by war and deceived by
peace; trained by war and betrayed by peace; in a
word, that they were born in war and expired in
So loud have become these voices shouting for war
that the Westminster Gazette recently argued that a
conscription in Great Britain would be a desirable
thing, because it would result in putting into the fir
ing line a good many men who will be inveterate
jingoes so long as they can stay at home and let some
one else do the fighting. The Gazette points out that
in Germany and France, where conscription is <in
force, there are by no means so many clamorous war
advocates as in Great Britain and the United States,
and from that fact it concludes that a conscription
which brings all classes of citizens into the army in
clines them to be more conservative than they would
be otherwise.
The lesson for us lies in the demonstration that
jingoism grows by what it feeds on. When we once
enter upon the path of imperialism we shall develop
a belief that the wars to which imperialism leads are
in the nature of benefits." There will be an increased
tendency toxard militarism, and things which we now
regard with abhorrence will become subjects of a
boastful pride.
HAIL, THE NEW SENATOR
What the California Press Thinks About the
Selection of Thomas ft Bard.
SAN DIEGO TRIBUNE.
In the selection of Thomas R. Bard of Ventura as their caucus choice the
anti-Burns men have given Southern California a deserved representation; have
purged the contest of any charges of corrupt influences and have a clean can
didate who, if elected, will unite the party in the State this fall.
• • •
SANTA CRUZ SENTINEL.
The election of Thomas R. Bard to the United States Senate is assured. He
is an excellent compromise selection, being able and honest. His selection will in
sure a grand Republican victory in California this year. California is now as
sured two Republican United States Senators.
• • •
VENTURA FREE PRESS.
If the California Legislature now in session would conclude when it ballots
for United States Senator next week to choose Thomas R. Bard for this im
portant position, there would be general rejoicing all over Southern California.
And there seems a bare possibility that they may do this very thing.
• • •
STOCKTON RECORD.
Now that the opposition has been united, organized and successful, the good
sense, the Republicanism and the patriotism of the Burns people should cause
them to accept the result, as Republicans opposed to Burns would have accepted
one in their favorite's selection. Mr. Bard's Republicanism, fidelity and ability
are unquestionable, and nothing but personal ambition can prompt any objection
against him. ;.'
¦;_*-,"¦:¦ • '.-.;.* "¦
SAN JOSE HERALD
• * • Mr. Bard is a capable man of affairs; has always been identified with
the Republican party; has taken a keen interest In politics: has been a delegate
to one National Republican Convention and twice a Republican Presidential elect
or. He has had no legislative experience. Unless later developments puts some
new face upon affairs, ne is to be accepted as the candidate of the Republican
party for the high office of United States Senator.
WOODLAND MAIL.
The Mall was for Colonel D. M. Burns first, last and all the time, but we
bow most gracefully to the will of the majority. • • * Thomas R. Bard is one
of the foremost Republicans of the State. He Is a man of high and noble char
acter and unimpeachable Integrity. When this State went for Cleveland he was
the only Republican presidential electorchosen. The election of Mr. Bard will
no doubt heal up the break that has been caused in the party ranks. He has
reason to feel very proud, as he received the nomination, jjractically without solici
tation on his part. We predict that he will make one of the best representatives
this State ever had. V
LOS ANGELES TIMES.
The action of the Republican caucus at Sacramento last night in nominat
ing the Hon. Thomas R. Bard of Ventura County for the high and honorable
office of United States Senator is a delightful outcome to what has heretofore
been a most distressing state of affairs in this State. Mr. Bard is a man of high
character of splendid standing In the community and of excellent attainments.
In the entire list of candidates that have been balloted for in the caucus at the
present session, and that were voted for in the regular session last year, none
comes more nearly being the ideal Senatorial candidate than Is the distinguished
gentleman who was, on yesterday, so handsomely honored by the representatives
of his party and by the people of this glorious commonwealth.
FRESNO REPUBLICAN.
As the original Bard paper the Republican may be pardoned for a little feel
ing of especial satisfaction at the selection of Thomas R. Bard by the Republi
can Senatorial caucus last night and the practical guarantee of his election
when the formal ballot is taken next Tuesday. However, the gratification of the
respectable people of the entire State will be unbounded. From a trembling hope,
that it might escape disgrace California has changed to a trfnmphant proclama
tion that it has won honor; that the combined efforts of every element of cor
ruption and degradation in politics, have come to nothing, and that instead the
State Is about t» select to represent it in the highest legislative council in the
world a man whose election will confer as much honor on the State as on hlm
. SANTA BARBARA INDEPENDENT.
By all means let It be Thomas R. Bard, and it is not strange that we should
have advocated his election during the regular session, and the Republicans of
this town entirely ignoring the really clean candidate of Ventura. Again, last
Monday in connection with the Republican mass meeting, we stated that Santa
Barbara Republicans did not want Burns because he is deemed too' unprincl
nled and neither wanted Thomas R. Bard because he is a man of sterling prin
ciple's We have been acquainted with Mr. Bard for thirty years and know him
to be a strictly honorable man, and hence in every sense a fit man for the high
est position ln f the State.
Being liberal-minded In politics, it must not be charged against us that we
desire the election of Burns to the detriment of the Republican party of this
State; but we do desire a gentleman as Senatorial representative, and such is
Thomas R. Bard. . . ,
LOS ANGELES EXPRESS.
The Senatorshlp has come to Mr. Bard without unseemly seeking on his part.
He combined such qualities of strength as made him the logical candidate upon
whom all Independent legislators could unite. i'f^.J*;
The protest which Mr. Bard's selection means against unscrupulous party
methods Is significant, and it is one which Republican leaders are bound to he:d.
If they do not, so much the worse for them and so much the worse for the party.
. To the men who have stood up and done their duty I'.ke men in the magnificent
victory for political regeneration of the Republican party of California, all honor.
They deserve well at the hands of the people of the State. They have stood fast
for principle in spite of all seductive iniiuences, and there is no good citizen who
may not well feel unusual joy at the action of the Republican caucus.
• • •
ALAMEDA ARGUS.
The decision of the Republican caucus to support the Hon. Thomas R. Bard
for Senator is an agreeable solution of a very vexed question. So far there has
been nobody to object to Mr. Bard. This may have been owing in some degree
to the fact that he was not prominent in the contest until immediately before his
election but there could not have been much against him when the widely sun
dered factions opposing Colonel Burns so readily flocked •to his standard. Mr.
Bard is in public life in the best sense of the term. He is broadly and creditably
Californian, and ho will aid to bring to the affairs of this coast the most respect
ful consideration of the United States Senate. We congratulate Mr. Bard; -we
congratulate the Republican party and we congratulate the great State of Call-
SACRAMENTO RECORD-UNION.
Hon. Thomas R. Bard, the party choice for United States Senator, we believe,
will grace the office, fill It with ability, and from its seat reflect honor upon the
State. His business life gives warrant for the faith that he will prove a val
iant, untiring and wholly capable 1 champion of California's highest. best interests
and a patriotic, broadmlnded and dignified defender of the National Government
standing for. the policy that will best tell for its advancement and uplifting before
the world, and for the accomplishment of the great purposes for which destiny
has cast it. sgg^SjgjigfflgßiflWttaJlii
Mr. Bard occupies the happy position of having the office come to him. He
has not been a seeker after preferment. He has filled but one political seat. He
was chosen Presidential Elector for the State in 1592, and was the only Repub
lican elected at that time, which Is indicative in large measure of the estimation
in which he Is held by his fellow citizens.
He enjoys the distinction of being the choice of his party and not of a fac
tion. He. ls not the subservient tool of trusts, neither the enemy nor the creature
of corporate Influences; neither the servitor nor the master of any; but a free
minded, broad-minded, businesslike and life long Republican and patriotic Amer
ican
St. Louis Republic.
When Proper Precautions Will Be Taken to Protect Human Life.
cient experience with co-operation to know what
limitations if any, should be placed upon the adoption
of it by any class of people. The Normal students,
however, are quite within their rights in following the
example of the fruit men, and the merchants must
submit to the inevitable.
CONGRESS should be impressed with the pol
icy of a pause in legislating as to the Spanish
islands.
An examination of the treaty of Paris demonstrates
the impolicy of haste in concluding very new and very
grave questions. The administration of Cuba and
Porto Rico has proved that conditions are certainly
made no worse by omitting statutory regulation,
while it is undeniable that a mass of information is
being gathered that will enable enlightened legisla
tion when it must be had. If this be true of a situa
tion that has been maintained since the 14th of Aug
ust, 1898, how much more must it be true of a situa
tion yet undeveloped in the Philippines?
In regard to the latter, Congress may easily make
a mistake that will have fatal results at home within
the next few months. So far no full and satisfactory
panorama of all the conditions in the Philippines has
been exhibited to the American people. Superficial
observers, who have not been in the islands' long
enough to get tanned by the vertical sun, have made
rhapsodical reports which are an unsubstantial basis
for legislation. Professional philanthropists have ex
ploited plans for applying a sentimental emulsion to
the situation. Religious enthusiasts have entered the
field with the olive branch in one hand and the plan
of salvation in the other. In this confusion of ideas
there is absolutely not a single square foot of bed
jeek upon which to plant legislation. Therefore Con
gress should let the matter alone. It should not com
mit the country to a policy which may soon have to
be changed in detail or entirely swept away.
The Republican party has interests at stake which
must not be imperiled, for they are the interests of
the country. The Administration must not be bur
dened with the execution of a Congressional plan
which will probably be a misfit, while fighting for its
life in a Presidential campaign. Issues are not arti
ficially manufactured. They grow out of the ever
changing conditions that ebb and flow.
The Bryanites are trying to make an issue on ex
pansion. No one who entertains sincere convictions
on that subject trusts them. It is patent that they
were ready to assault the Administration if it had
taken the side they now pretend to support. They
stand upon expediency and not upon principle. Their
position is unimportant unless it is made weighty by
a premature conclusion reached by Congress, with
out full knowledge of the situation upon which it at
tempts to legislate.
The Republican party has not spoken on the sub
ject through a national convention. The issue is not
formulated. It need not be until it is digested by pub
lic sentiment. There is no certainty that Senator
Foraker's bill is wise, or that it can be amended into
wisdom. The Republican party does not want to en
ter a Presidential campaign defending a legislative
interpretation of the constitution which the courts
may not sustain. Indeed, the party need not be put
in the position of defending anything. Its record for
four years, as written in revived industry, resusci
tated trade, wide-spreading prosperity, increased
wages, and the transfer of millions of workingmen
from the soup house to the factory, from the pauper
list to the payroll, requires no defense, and on that
record it should stand. It need not be compelled to
defend experimental and imperfect legislation. It
need not be forced into a position that will divert pub
lic attention and popular approval from the mighty
things it has done to what it may. be accused of in
tending to do. ¦
Congress should pause. It should refrain from
experimental legislation. It should show the same
confidence in the President that the country has'
shown, and should not obscure the domestic issues
raised by its successful policy at home by the shadow
of issues raised abroad.
LET THERE BE A PAUSE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIiL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1900.
THE GOOD TIME COMING IN KENTUCKY.
TUESDAY FEBRUARY 6, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address A!! Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLIC ATI OX OFFICI-:..M«rUet and Third, S. F.
Telephone Main ISGS.
EDITORIAL ROOMS. .. .217 to 221 Steremoß St.
Telephone Main 1874.
Delivered by Carrier*, 15 Centn Per Week.
Slnsrle Copied, 5 Cent*.
Ti-rnin by Mnll. lnelndini; Voutagtit
DAILY CALL (Inoluitiacr Sunday), one yrar..so.OO
DAILY CALL (ln.-luditijf Sandajr). *i monthn. . 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including; Minduvt, 3 months. . I.SU
DAILY CALL I'.y Mnck Month «5e
SIAOAV CALL One Year USO
WEEKLY CALL One \>ar 1.00
All poatniaater* are nnttaorized to receive
•mbmcriptlonu.
Sample copies will be forwarded vrhen requested
C. GEORGB KROGMSSSJ
Manager Forelsrn AdvertiHlns;, 3larqaette Bnlld-
Inic, Clifcujco.
SEW YORK. COUnESPOXDEXTi
C. C. CARLTOX Herald Square
XEW YORK REI'IIKSEXTATIVE:
PERRY LIKE\S JR 2» Tribune Dnlldlnir
CHICAGO SEWS STANDS i
Sherman Housej P. O. \ew» Co.j Great Xorth
rrn Hotel; Fremont House; Andltorlum Hotel.
SEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union
Square; Jiurray Hill Hotel.
WASHIXG7OX CD. C.) OFFICE. .Wellington Hotel
J. F. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery, corner of
Clay, open until i):3O o'clock. 300 Hayen,
open nntll !»:.':<• o'clock. O3i) 31cAlliater, open
until :•:.''<• o'clock. <Jl5 Larkln, open nntll
»:.'','• o'clock. 1041 Mi*«lon, open until 1«>
o'clock. --i;i Market, corner Sixteenth, open
until U o'clock. lOlHi Valencia, open until 0
o'clock. J<>«; Eleventh, open until '.' o'clock.
N\Y. corner T«venty-»econd and Kentncky,
open until i> o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Tlvoll— "The Idol's Eye."
Grand Opera-houFe— "Aladdin Jr."
Orrheum— Vaudeville.
Columbia— "The Hmugzlers of Badayex.' #
A '..,.¦:::• :i — '"London L*ite."
Caliiomia — "The Cuckoo."
Alcarar — "Friends."
Chutes. Zoo ana Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evenirc.
Olyropla, corner Mason and Ellis Etreets— Specialties.
Shermaa-Clay Hall — Concert-
Oakland Race Track— Races.
AUCTION SALES.
By Eastern. Kldridffe & Co.— This day, at 12 o'clock. Real
Estate, at C3S Market ptreet.
By \V. O. Palmer— This day, at 11 o'clock. Horses, at 1515
Minion street.
By Chase & Mcndenha!! — Friday. February 9, at 12 o'clock.
Race" Horses, at Oakland Race Track.
6
A DAILY HINT FROM PARIS.ALCAZAR THEATER.
AN ASSURED SUCCESS.
TO'lliSrbt Th ° Beautlful Comedy-drama,
S.MS!
Sat.
QjjfJ Enftatfment of
iriflV Tb * Distinguished Actress.
sunaaj. MARY HAMPTON.
JgS RESERVED SEATS %%%
Next Week-"OH, SUSANNAH!"
THE CLOAKMAKERS' TROUBLES.
Warrants and Counter Warrants
Sworn Out for the Arrest of
Strikers and Non-Strikers.
The cases of M. Kosman, T. Solomon
and Max Herman, the three strikers from
Davidson & Miller's cloakmaklngr estab
lishment charged with battery upon H.
Stechler and J. Farbensteln, two non
union men, on Seventh street Sunday af
ternoon, were called before Judge Caban
lss yesterday and by consent their cases
were continued for a week.
Barney Farbenstein. a brother of J.
EVERYTHING NEW, NOVEL AND
ENTERTAINING.
MR. AND MRS. PERKINB FISHER In Ezra.
Kendall's "HALF- WAY HOUSE"; MICHELL;
THE HOLLOWATS; BRUET AND RIVIERE;
BOHLKE'S PICKANINNIES; PARTIE TRIO;
IP.ENE FRANKLIN; BIOGRAPH.
PAPINTA.
Reserved scats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, COc.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
(THE PEOPLE' S POPULAR PLAY HOUSE.)
PHOJVE SOUTH 770.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
LONDON LIFE!
N*rt Sunday Afternoon— The Real JEFFRIES-
EHAUKET CONTEST PICTURES. These
Pictures will be exhibited Every Afternoon at
£:1£; Evenings at f:l5.
PRICES
Matinee, 2Se and U)r. General Admission—
E\enln)fs (reserved). 15c. 25c. 85c, 60c and 75c.
Th^se Pictures wl!l be presented at the Ex-
position buildin*. Oakland, to-night.
" Tr.e cuckoo- is ricn. There Is nothing
•sicked."— Examiner. "Has much subtleness
t.nd sarcasm. "—Chronicle. "Linked with clever
j'.nes and amusing situations." — Call.
AGAIN A CROWDED HOUSE LAUGHED AT
; The CUCKOO"
Euperfcly Acted by the FRAWLEY COMPANY.
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT,
"AN UNCONVENTIONAL. HONEYMOON."
First Appearance cf MISS KEITH WAKEMAN.
SPBCIAUI
TO-MOnrUTCV AFTERNOON at J:l5 o'clock-
First of the Pojnjlar Fortnightly Concerts. THE
HENRY HOLMES QUARTET aad CECILJ2
HARDY. Vocal Sololet.
Reserved Seats 2Sc. EOo and 760
The Call's
Home Study Circle
SHAKESPEARE AND THE EARLIER CRITICS.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
POPULAR STUDIES lIN SHMKESF»E ARE.
Contributors to this course: Dr. Edward Dowden. Dr. William J. Rolfe. Dr. Hamilton
W. Ma We. Dr. Albert S. Cook. Dr. Hiram Corson, Dr. Isaac N. Demmon. Dr. Vlda D.
Scudder and others.
XH. SCHOOLS OF SHAKESPEARE
CRITICISM.
(Concluded.)
Shakespeare and the Romantic School
of Criticism.
The great literary revival of the latter
half of the eighteenth century produced
a school of criticism so sharply In con
trast with the classical school that It may
most fitly be characterized by the anti
thetical term romantic.
The movement had its origin in Ger
many, where such critics as Lesslng.
Goethe and Schlegel revolted against the
literary domination of the Franco-classic
principles of criticism. Against the
authority of Corneille and Voltaire they
Invoked the name of Shakespeare and set
themselves resolutely to establish the fact
that his plays were not only delightful in
themselves, but admirable as the products
of a master mind working along definite
principles of dramatic construction.
This note of revolt was soon caught up
in England, primarily by Coleridge, whose
blended poetic and philosophic powers
eminently fitted him to be the profoundest
and most sympathetic of Shakespearean
critics. He and his followers gave voice
to the romantic reaction against the cool,
common-sense criticism of an earlier gen
eration, and if at times they ran into ex
travagance, as when Coleridge preached
the doctrine of Shakespeare's infallibility
and upheld even his puns as the "emani
tions of genius," they nevertheless played
a most Important part In raising Shakes
peare's fame above the critical balance
scales wherein Pope and Johnson had
weighed It. Since Coleridge wrote and
spoke no Englishman at least has dared,
to sit In judgment on Shakespeare. The
task of later criticism has been a reverent
attempt to penetrate the poet's meaning,
illustrate his thought and discover If pos
sible the personality hidden behind his
work.
' Tet the eulogy of Coleridge was no
blind rhapsody of praise. We may say of
him, as Hazlitt did of Schlegel, that no
previous critic had shown either "the
same enthusiastic admiration of Shakes
peare's genius or the same philosophical
acuteness In pointing out his character
istic excellencies." And of these excel
lencies the greatest In Coleridge's mind
was Shakespeare's Judgment. "The con
summate Judgment of Shakespeare." he
says in his "Table Talk," "not only in the
general construction, but in all the detail
of his dramas. Impressed me with even
greater wonder than the might of his
genius or the depth of his philosophy."
And again, "Shakespeare waa a great poet
acting upon laws arising out of his own
nature, and not without law." Here Is a
change, indeed, from the earlier concep
tion of Shakespeare as a wild, irregular
and lawless genius. And It is just this
profound conviction of the organic order
and unity of Shakespeare's work, and the
Princeton I niversity
known facts and its complete avoidance
of conjecture. It gives us what is known
of the poet's outer life, but makes no at
tempt to realize his personality. The
pendulum has swung to the other ex
treme.
Conclusion.
At the close of the nineteenth century
Shakespeare's fame stands higher than It
ever did before; its Influence reaches fur
ther. One hundred and llfty years ago
he was hardly known outside of hla
island. Toward the close of the last cen
tury he conquered our Teutonic kinsmen.
The nineteenth has seen his triumphant
entrance into Latin and Slav lands. Hla
plays hold the boards in Paris, Rome,
Budapest and St. Petersburg as In tha
capitals of the English-speaking race.
Complete translations of his works exist
in German. French. Italian. Dutch, Rus
sian, Magyar. Czechish, Swedish, Danish
and Finnish. In Spain and Armenia trans
lations are now under way. and separate
plays have appeared in such widely scat
tered tongues as Welsh. Croatian. He
brew. Japanese and various dialects of
Hindostan. His Influence upon the life
and thought of the civilized world it 13
simply Impossible to estimate. Nor is this
Influence likely to grow less. Even if our
civilization should perish like that of
Greece and Rome the works of Shakes
peare would remain, an everlasting me
morial of the greatest mind of tha strong
est race of modern times.
own feelings in his own person. Th»
story of the poet's life lies buried there,
but at present it seems as If the cloud of
mystery that hangs around it were not
soon to be dispelled.
Probably the sanest and rcost satisfac
tory attempt to discover something of tha
personality of Shakespeare in his plays
has been made by Professor Dowilen. His
division of the poet's work into four peri
ods, which he respectively christened "In
the Workshop," 'In the World," "Out of
the Depths" and "On the Heights," ia
well known. These periods, he holds, are
distinguished not merely by differences in
the poet's power of expression but also
by tbe subjects with which they deal, and
by the widely varying tone and temper
which inform them. The whole purpose
of Professor Dowden's "Mind and Art of
Shakebpeare" is to trace the evolution of
the poet's genius and the changes of the
poet's mind from the earliest stage of gay
apprenticeship to the final closing of the
drama, when the master broke his staff
and buried his book and went back to die
in quiet Stratford. The result of the
critic's study is summed up In the words:
"The Shakespeare Invariably bright, gen
tle and genial is the Shakespeare of a
myth. The man actually discoverable be
hind the plays was a man tempted to pas
sionate extremes, but of strenuous will,
and whose highest self pronounced in
favor of sanity."
More pretentious but hardly so reliable
is the elaborate work. "William Shake
speare." by Dr. Brandes. the greatest liv
ing critic of Northern Europe. This is a
splendid effort to reconstruct the man
from his work, and to interpret that work
by the known facts of Shakespeare's Ufa
and the influence of his environment. Th»
purpose of the book, he declares, is "to
prove that Shakespeare is not thirty-six
plays and a few poems jumbled together,
but a man who has felt and thought, re
joiced and suffered, brooded, dreamed and
created." Unfortunately Dr. Brandes.
with all his wealth of learning and un
doubted keenness of critical perception,
has given far too free a rein to his fancy.
He often mistakes theory for fact and
builds elaborate structures upon shifting
foundations. The book as a whole la
rather an exercise of Imaginative criti
cism than a genuine biography. Yet it
is always Interesting, always stimulating.
and a distinct addition to th» great li
brary of Shakespeare literature.
The principles of this school have been
pushed to an unconscious reductlo ad ab
surdum by Mr. Harris, the late editor of
the Saturday Review. In a series of es
says on the true Shakespeare which ap
peared In that periodical during the year
IS3B he asserts that the work of Shakes
peare Is of so subjective a character that
ft is easier to realize his personality than
that of any other writer. By the simple
process of Identifying Shakespeare with
various characters of his ptays. a process
by no means devoid of Ingenuity and sug
gestiveness, h© arrives at the conclusion
that the poet was a "combination of
physical delicacy and extreme sensitive
ness." too weak to endure the rough
man's life of Elizabethan London, a vic
tim of Insomnia and the slave of sensual
passion — In short, a modern neuropath. It
were better to leave Shakespeare wrappM
In the cloud than to present tho world
with such a figure.
And In fact a reaction against this
school is already, visible. The latest lif»
of Shakespeare (Sidney Lee's) Is remark
able for Its dogged insistence upon the
STRICT WATCH
KEPT ON ALL
THE SUSPECTS
Many Ships Released
After Inspection.
THREE VESSELS PRATIQUED
?
FIVE SUGAR BOATS ALLOWED
TO LAND CARGO.
The United States quarantine officer was
kept busy yesterday. Before noon he
released three transports, early in the aft
ernoon he allowed two schooners to go
about their business and before sundown
he gave the brig W. G. Irwin and barka
Mohican and Diamond Head pratique.
This leaves the transport Ben Mohr alone
in the quarantine grounds, and shs will
probably be released to-day.
The transport Manauense was the first
of the fleet to get away from Angel Isl
and. She steamed slowly down the bay
and came to anchor off Folsom street
wharf. Representatives of the transport
eervice went out to the vessel on Sunday
and the testimony of the entire crew was
taken in the matter of the alleged unsea
worthiness of the vessel. As far as can
be gathered the evidence is all against
the army officers who sent the sensa
tional reports, of the vessel's condition
over the wires.-' Captain Barneson." master
of the transport, says that no repairs save
to her donkey boiler have been made to
the Manauense since she left San Fran
cisco, and that if she is unseaworthy now
she is the most remarkable steamer he
ever set foot on. Since leaving Manila
the transport has ridden out two storms
and the tall end of a typhoon. When,
asked the cause of all the trouble the
genial old master mariner whispered "Bad
whisky." The Government authorities
will not allow a soul aboard until all the
evidence has been taken, and when that
job is accomplished the Manauense will
dock.
The Meade followed the Manauense out
of quarantine about 11 a m. She came to
anchor oft* Alcatraz and 139 military pris
oners were landed on the island. Some
of the men were most desperate, and In
consequence Lieutenant Wilson and flfty
flve men were on duty as a guard. The
prisoners were put in the new Jail erected
on the parade ground at Alcatraz. and
there they will be kept, some for six
months and others for varying terms up
to twenty-flve years. The guard was not
taken off until afternoon. The McDowell
then went alongside and took the men to
the Presidio.
Captain Wilson of the Meade Is well
known in San Francisco. He was for
merly a port warden and left here" sev
eral years ago as master of the ship
Alexander Gibson. The latter vessel left
here several weeks ago for New York in
command of Captain Holmes, under whom
Captain Wilson at one time served as
chief offlcer.
" Before coming over and anchoring off
Folsom street wharf, the Ohio put the
remains of 138 soldiers aboard the steamer
Caroline and the latter landed the cof
fins at the Presidio. As soon as the Ohio
has been docked and examined by the
transport officials she will be turned over
to her owners. I
The schooners Ruby A. Cousins and Vine,
both from Honolulu, were released early
in the day. Both vessels were thoroughly
fumigated, and when Dr. Kinyoun was
satisiied that all the rats aboard were
dead he allowed them to dock. There Is
no fear of contagion except from the ver
mln on these vessels, and the quarantine
offlcer 1b determined to see that no bu
bonic plague shall enter San Francisco if
he can help it.
During the afternoon the bark Alden
Bessie arrived from Honolulu and sho
was sent into quarantine to keep the Ben
Mohr company. It will probably be next
Wednesday before the bark is released.
The transport Senator has been re
turned to her owners. She will be ¦ thor
oughly overhauled and will go Into the
Cape Nome trade in the spring. •
Another lot of coasters made port yes
terday. Among them was the ship Glory
of the Seas, bark Harvester and schoon
ers Wing and Wing, Gotama, Una, Chal
lenger and Confronlza.
The Santa Fe's freight steamer Lady
Joicey arrived from the Orient via Hono
lulu and San Diego yesterday. She brings
a very large cargo of general mcrchan
disc for this port and, after discharg
ing, she will go to Portland to load flour
and then to San Diego to complete load
ing.
Captain Gielow goes out on the Corona,
vice Debney, who remains ashore on ac
count of ill health. Captain Stark goes
out on the Laguna, vice Captain Hansen.
The Laguna has been sold by Pollard &
Dodge to parties who will outfit her fo»
Cape Nome. The purchase price was $25,
000.
The schooner Robert R. Hind has ar
rived at Port Townsend, having made the
run from Hawaii in the fast time of 15
days.
The bark Abby Palmer, which left Pu
get Sound for Australia with a load of
lumber a month ago, put into San Pedro
yesterday. She was caught in a south
easter off the coast of Mendocino and lost
her deckload. Reports from San Pedro
received by the Merchants' Exchange
yesterday state that she landed one of
the crew, who had both legs broken.
The contract for building the new shed
for the Sausalito ferry at the north end
of the> ferry depot has been let to New*
som & McNeil for $3999.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN M*
TILL FURTHER NOTICE.
The Theatrical Sensation of th« City.
EULOGY SUPERFLUOUS.
ASK THOSE WHO HAVE BEEN IT.
USUAL rOPULAR PRICES
Good reserved seat in orchestra at Saturday
Matinee. 23 cer.ts.
Branrh Ticket Office, Emporium.
EXTRA.
THURSDAY AFTEHNOOX NEXT. Farewell
Appearance cf the Eminent Soprano/
MLLE. ANTOINETTE TREBELLI.
In a DeMjrhtful Programme. Including the
Famous I^AUGHINO SONG.
All the Gems cf Her Recent Concert*.
POPULAR PRICES— :Sc. 60c, T&e. U.
S^ats do fale at Fhertnan. Clay & Co.'s muslo
man arM at th* G-aniJ. Opera-house box offlc*.
COLUMBIA I^
MAGNIFICENTLY RECEIVED!
K»gaeerr.er.t Limited to 18 Nights and S Mats.
THE FAMOUS
BOSTONIANS
Presenting for the First Time Here.
THE LIGHT OPERA.
THE SMUGGLERS
OF BADAYEZ.
By MHCKOWEKT and RAXKEX.
Monday. February 12. TirE BOPTOXIANS,
Court Seal Rock.
Next Thursday night the members of
Court Seal Rock- of the Foresters of
America will give an invitational function
In Pythian Castle to its friends in the
nature of a vaudeville entertainment and
a dance. The time for the entertainment
has been fixed at half-past 8 o'clock.
Two Insolvents.
M. F. Smith of Oakland filed a petition
In Insolvency yesterday in the United
States District Court. His liabilities are
$567 17 and he has no assets.
', Frank E. Wolfe . and Charles E. P.
Wolfe, as the^flrm of Wolfe Bros, of Val
lejo, filed a petition in bankruptcy as a
partnership, stating their liabilities at
$1693 and their assets at $850.
Hemp Enough for Coast Use.
Manager Kellogg of the Tubbs Cordage
Company reports that there is no pros
pect that there can be a shortage on this
coast in Manila hemp now that so much
hemp Is discovered to be at the ports that
have just b-en opened by General Otis.
At one port there were 125.000 bales. The
stocks in the East have been «ufflcient
to keep the mills there running. There
will be no lower prices for rope, eta for
some time probably, as the demand 'will
keep up the pries of the raw material.
The Bostonians
Always visit Zinkand's when In the city. They
declare th? menu and service to ba the finest
on the coast. •
RACING! RAONG! RACING!
1900— CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB -1900
January 22 to February 10. Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday. Thurs-
£s)', Friday and Saturday. liain or shine.
Five or more races each day.
Races ttart at 2: IS p. m. sharp.
Kerry-boats leave Ban Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1. 1:20, t. 2:30 and S p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping- at the entrance to th*
track. I-bft two cars on train reserved for la-
dies asd tbelr escorts; no smoking. Buy your
terry tickets to Shell Mound. AH trains via
Oakland mole connect with Ban Pablo avenue
electric cars at Beventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
cert with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Rroadway, Oakland. These electric cars
ca direct to the track In fifteen talnutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:IS and
«.«! p. m. and immediately after the last raca.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
K. B. MILROY. Secretary.
t
Picture Frames.
Carbon, Brown Flemish, Navy Gray,
Marinda Black, Persian Green, Wine
Color, Hungarian, Old Dutch, Brown, Old
English, Antique and Bog Oaks are
among the new moldings just received.
We also have new patterns in Mahogany,
Cherry, Bone Black. Maple, Green Bronze
Mat Gilts, Olive and Ivory, with mat
board, in klnts to match every shade of
moldings and to harmonize with any pic
ture brought in to us to be framed. San
born, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Canners Are Disappointed.
The flurry among the local canners con
cerning the advance in the price of cans
is about over. The Eastern concern, rep
resented by Mr. McCall, that was ex
pected to be planning to establish a new
can manufacturing plant in this city, has
failed to make the necessary offers to
persuade the canners that business com
petition is assured, and contracts with
the old can manufacturers are being
made. At the same time the price oi
cans has been advanced in the East
There is little reason to doubt the accu
racy of the information given In The
Call concerning the formation of a can
combine, with the Nortons of Chicago at
the head of It. The tin plate trust Is
locally believed to be a party to the deal
Scotch Evangelist's Success.
Rev. J. Meikle. the celebrated Scotch
evangelist, opened a third week's revival
at the First United Presbyterian Church
last nisht. During the past two weeks
the meetings have been largely attended
and have resulted In many additions to
the church. There will be meetings every
night except Saturday. Rev. Meikle has
been in the evangelistic field for many
years and is a very entertalnlnlg speaker.
Charnning Auxiliary.
At the annual election of Channlnf
Auxiliary of the First Unitarian Church.
held yesterday, the following were selected
serve for the ensuing term: President,
Mrs. P. B. Cornwall: first vice president,
Mrs. Frank Summer: second vice presi
dent. Mrs. Wendell Easton: recording
secretary. Mrs. Robert Collier; corre
sponding secretary. Miss Kate Atkinson;
business secretary. Mrs. Ellsha Ransom;
treasurer. Miss Kate W. Beaver.
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
"BOOT BION, Ye Canna Stop the Rush!"
"Wouldn't That Keep You Waiting?"
DON'T MISS THE NEW "FAIRY TALES!!"
THE FOURTH WEEK
Of the Enormous Comic Opera Triumph,
THE IDOL'S EYE.
EVERT EVENING AT 8.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 1.
THE SAME OLD PRICES— 2S and SO cents.
Telephone Bush t.
GAPE NOME!
Al SHIP COLUMBIA, CAPACITY 2700
tons, sailing on or about April 10. Ap-
ply Alaska Navigation and Commercial
Co.. office with LEWIS. ANDERSON &
CO.. 26 East street. LOWEST RATES.
CAPE NOME.
For passenger and freight rates »«• C. F.
exposition, at once learaea ana «""»'•
astic, of the grounds of his belief that
raises Coleridge above all preceding
Shakesperean critics.
Of Coleridge's contemporaries and dis
ciples, Hazlitt and Lamb, we need not
speak at length. Hazlitt's work is mark
ed by unbounded enthusiasm and keen
critical insight, but marred on the other
hand by the intrusion of personalities ana
political reflections, and quite wanting in
moral depth. He devoted himself espe
cially to the exposition of the characters
of Shakespeare's plays, and his work is
one of the most valuable contributions In
English to pure esthetic criticism.
Charles Lamb, more than any of his
contemporaries, devoted himself to the re
vivification of the age in which Shake
speare lived. His "Specimens of English
Dramatic Poets Contemporary with
Shakespeare" may be said to have re
stored Marlowe. Heywood. Webster and
a host of forgotten worthies to English
literature. But his peculiar love for these
victims of unjust oblivion did not blind
him to the surpassing merits of their mas
ter. His design in the "Specimens" was.
he declares, at once "to show how much
of Shakespeare shines in his contempo
raries and how far in his divine mind
and manners he surpassed them and all
mankind." His "Tales from Shake
speare" thraw open to childhood the
doors of an enchanted world, and his
letters and essays are starred with subtle
and sympathetic criticism of Shake
speare's plays and their interpreters upon
the stage. And if at times the note of
whimsicality and paradox that marks all
the work of Elia appears, it only adds
charm and suggestiveness to the real
value of his flashes of criticism.
Shakespeare and the Personal School
of Criticism.
The latest development in Shakespear
ean criticism has been that of a school
which has sought to reconstruct the per
sonality of the poet from his work. Even
In the last century Capell lamented the
lack of a critical life of Shakespeare
which would trace the development of
his genius. Such a work, however, was
Impossible so long as the chronological
succession of his plays was unknown.
But the labor of a score of editors has
practically established this, and the evi
dence as to the poet's development which
may be drawn from the order of his plays
has been supplemented by the autobio
graphical element In the Sonnets. The
story contained in these was curiously
disregarded by the older critics and even
by the romantic school. But since the
early years of this century a vast amount
of ink has been shed thereover, with, we
must confess, amazingly little result. It
was long ago recognized that the greater
part of the Sonnets was addressed to a
youthful friend of Shakespeare, a smaller
number to a woman, commonly known
as the Dark Lady. Drake in ISI7 pro
posed to Identify the friend as Southamp
ton: Bright in 1819 was the first to sug
gest the name of "William Herbert. The
apparent allusion in the Sonnets to an
intrigue between the poet's friend and
his sweetheart has lately been taken up
and developed with great detail by Mr.
Tvler who professes to have discovered
the identity of-the Dark Lady with Mary
Fitton, a maid of honor to Elizabeth.
Upon this basis he has constructed a
plausible and undoubtedly attractive the
ory of the tragedy of Shakespeare a life,
a story of love, betrayal, suffering and
forgiveness. But Mr. Tyler's theory has
been so rudely challeneged by Sidney Lee
and Lady Newdigate that even the faith
of those who were readiest to give It cre
dence has been shaken.
. Mr. Lee. in fact, asserts there la no
story at all in the Sonnets: but this is to
go, one feels, a step too far. The per
sonal note rings plain enough In them for
him who has ears to hear, and we may
still hold with Wordsworth, Hugo, Kreys
sig. Swinburne, Furnivall and Dowden
that Shakespeare's Sonnets express his
THE
ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.
Will Dispatch the Al Iron American
Hail f teamship
ZEALANDIA
(CAPACITY 3000 TONS)
FOB NOME DIRECT.
Sailing from San Francisco
lnflay,liy2l,lo.
First Cabin, Second Class and Steer-
age Accommodations.
For Passenger and Freight Bates,
and Reservations, apply to
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.,
139 POST STREET.
WILL FIGHT THE
UNJUST RATES
ON FREIGHTS
Merchants Oppose
Proposed Tariff.
LOCAL SHIPPERS AROUSED
DISCRIMINATION IN FAVOR OF
LOS ANGELES.
Three of the largest and most Influen
tial commercial and industrial organiza
tions of Northern California have entered
an earnest protest against the proposed
tariffs between Los Angeles and San Joa
quln Valley points. The protest was in
the form of the following dispatch:
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 5, 1900.
William Sproule, Freight and Trafflo
Manager Southern Pacific Company, W. A. .
Blssell, Assistant Trafflo Manager Santa F«
System, Los Angeles, Cal.: The under
signed commercial organizations of San
Francisco earnestly protest against your
proposed tariffs between Los Angeles and
San Joaquln Valley points, inasmuch as
same are inequitable and do not give due
consideration to relative topography and
density of population as compared with tar
iffs in force between San Francisco and said
points. We ask that you at least postpone
making same operative until we have been
given a hearing. Answer to Eugene Good
win. Mills build.ng. AAWATKixgi
President Board of Trade.
A. SBARBORO,
President Manufacturers' and Producers'
Association of California.
CHARLES NELSON,
President Chamber of Commerce.
Mr. Goodman, manager of the Manu
facturers' and Producers' Association, In
discussing the matter at Issue said:
The cause of the sending of this telegram
by the commercial bodies of San Francisco
was as follows: Following the action of the
Southern Pacific Company and the Kant a
Fe denying the right of fruit shippers of
Southern California to route their goods, the
Chamber of Commerce and other commer
cial bodies of Los Angeles took up the fight
with the railroad companies on behalf of the
fruit shippers to compel them to rescind the
order. It Is now believed that the railroad
people, finding the pressure hard to bear,
represented to the commercial bodies at Los
Angeles that the fruit shippers' light was
not theirs, probably saying to them if
you will drop this light against us we will
make concessions to the merchants of Loa
Angeles by lowering freight rates so as to
permit Los 'Angeles merchants to ship into
the territory adjacent to Bakersfleld and as
far north as Tulare.
We say that we believe this Is the case,
¦for the new freight tariff effective February
10 from Los Angeles to the territory named
Is reduced so that Los Angelos shippers have
an advantage of from 10 to 18 cents per hun
dred pounds over San Francisco shippers.'
In fixing freight rates to points' ln the inte
rior, not subject to water competition,
transportation companies have been and are
largely influenced by the topography of the
country and the density of population trib
utary to the points to which freight rates are
to be made. Heretofore the railroad traffic
officials have recognized these factors In de
termining the freight rates out ol San
Francisco and Los Angeles, so that Te
hachapi has been the dividing line to which
Los Angeles and San Francisco were on an
equal basis In transportation matters.
Under the new tariff, if It should become
effective, the territory from Tehachapl to
Tulare would be taken from the San Fran
cisco merchants and the business turned
over to Los Angeles by reason or this change
in the freight rates.,
If these two factors, topography and densi
ty of population, be considered, there can
be no question as to the fairness of the old
transportation rates as between Los Angeles
and San Francisco. From San Francisco to -
Bakersfleld the country is level and with a
number of Important towns along the line:
from Los Angeles to Bakersfleld. two moun
tain ranges must be passed over and with no
towns of importance to be supplied.
COAL IMPORTERS
MOST PAY DUTY
ON ANTHRACITE
Judge Hawley Deliv
ers the Opinion.
CONGRESS MEANT TO TAX IT
BLACK DIAMONDS NOT OF THE
FIRST WATER DUTIABLE.
Judge Hawley in the United States Cir
cuit Court of Appeals yesterday handed
down a decision in the celebrated anthra
cite coal case of Charles P. Coles against
the Collector of Customs at the port of
San Francisco. The decision will settle
several hundred cases of like character
hung up in the Federal courts awaiting
the action of the Circuit Court of Ap
peals in this matter.
Coal Importers are vitally Interested
because the Judgment of the court will
oblige them to pay many tens of thou
eands of dollars as duties upon anthra
cite coal of a certain quality, which du
ties will go to enrich the treasury of the
United States.
The opinion of Judge Hawley sustains
the decision of the Board of United States
Appraisers at New York and of the
United States Circuit Court in this city.
So that the case of Charles P, Coles
against the Collector is Bettled for all
time, as well as several hundred similar
cases dependent upon its fate.
The appeal was taken from the Judg
ment of the Circuit Court sustaining the
decision of the Board of General Apprais
ers that a cargo of anthracite coal im
ported from Wales into the port of San
Francisco, which contained less than 92
per centum of fixed carbon, was subject
to duty at the rate of 67 cents per ton, as
provided by paragraph 415 of the act of
July 24, 1897. The appellant contended
that anthracite coal is admitted free un
der paragraph 523, which names as free
of duty "coal, anthracite not specially
provided for In this act." Paragraph 415
reads: "Coal, bituminous and all coal
containing less than 92 per centum of fixed
carbon, and shale, 67 cents per ton of &S
bushels, SO pounds to the bushel."
Judge Hawley's opinion states that
there is no ambiguity or uncertainty in
the language used. "It 13 a cardinal rule
of construction," says the court, "that if
the language used is so clear as to admit
of but one meaning there is no room for
any other construction. It is never allow
able to interpret a paragraph or section
which has no need of interpretation. It
is always easy to pick flaws and catch at
straws and make suggestions that if the
statute meant what is claimed for it by
the opposing side It is reasonable to be
lieve that different language would have
been used.
"We are unwilling to give appellant's
construction of the act, because it would
necessarily imply that Congress did not
understand the plain meaning of the
words 'all coal,' contained in the para
graph in question."
The court next took up the intention of
the lawmakers. Anthracite coal, the de
cision went on to say, had been on the
free list prior to the passage of the Ding
ley act. A quotation was made from the
debate on the question in the Congres
sional Globe of June 30, 1897. "from which
It clearly appears." says Judge Hawley,
"that the Imposition of the duty of 67
cents per ton on all coals containing less
than »2 per centum of fixed carbon was
expressly intended by the lawmakers to
cover anthracite as well as bituminous
coals."
The Judgment of the United States Cir
cuit Court is affirmed with costs. The
brief in the case on behalf of the Collec
tor was written by Assistant United
States Attorney Woodworth. and was a
clear and concise exposition of the law.
AJiIUSESIENTS.
Slot Machines for Stamps.
Congressman Kahn has been asked by
several prominent business men of this
city to urge the passage of a bill allow
ing the use of nlckel-in-the-slot machines
for the sale of postage stamps. He thinks
favorably of the proposition.
;BEECHAM'BP!LLSJ
'taken at night will make you }
• feel right, act right and look •
1 right. They cure Constipation, t
T lOepnt?ns£^sr' > ::r'«. -<¦ rl'tSrusrffr.rcsL f
| . . . — <
that on January J. 1901. we may be able to
look back with unalloyed satisfaction on the
year 1900.
A discussion as , to the advisability of
entering Into an agreement with the Los
Angeles Board of Trade by which recov
eries could be made in the southern part
of the State through the Los Angeles
board followed the reading of the report.
In the past the commissions charged by
the southern board were said to be exces
sive. Los Angeles has proposed to do the
southern business of the San Francisco
board if the local board will attend to the
recoveries due southern merchants. The
matter was finally referred to the board
of directors, with power to act.
S. Xickelsburg, S. Feuchtwanger and
Isaac Upham were elected to serve on the
directorate for three years.
After adjournment the board of direc
tors organized for the ensuing year by
the election of the following officers: A.
A. Watkins, president: T. G. Parsons,
first vice president; S. Feuchtwanger, sec
ond vice president; Sanford Bennett,
treasurer; 11. L» Smith, secretary; Joseph
Kirk, attorney. This is President Wat
kins' seventh term.
UNITED STATES TRANSPORTS MEADE, OHIO AND MANAUENSE.
Farbensteln, who also alleged that h© was
attacked on Seventh street on Sunday.
was" arrested on .a warrant sworn to by
Jacob Augenblick, one of th© strikers, on
the charge of battery. The warrant was
aworn out In Judge Fritz's court. Augen
blick declared that Farbensteln started
the row on Seventh street on Sunday.
Sam Silber, a cloakmaker for M. Slmin
off & Co., also swore to a complaint in
Judge Slogan's court charging Charles
Schwalzburg with battery upon him on
Seventh street Sunday, and Schwalzburg
was arrested. Both were released on bail.
Another phase of the trouble developed
when Jacob Rosen, one of the cloakmak
ers now employed by Davidson & Miller,
secured a warrant In Judge Mogan's court
for the arrest of Jacob Aupenbllck on the
charge of threats to kill. He alleges that
on January 24 Augenblick threatened to
kill him first and then kill himself. Augen
blick was arrested on th© charge and was
released on bonds.
BOARD OF TRADE
REPORTS A YEAR
OF BIG PROFITS
Directors Elected at
Annual Meeting.
?
PROSPERITY IS PERMANENT
•
PRESIDENT WATKINS STARTS
HIS SEVENTH TERM.
Not In the history of commerce in this
city has such a favorable report been re
corded as that made yesterday by Presi
dent A. A. Watkins at the annual meet
ing of the Board of Trade of San Fran
cisco.
During the past year there- waa a do
crease of 36 per cent In the business fail
ures in California and «,121,00S in the lia
bilities from the previous year. The value
of the methods pursued by the board is
attested by the following facts contained
in the report:
During the twenty-three years of Its exist
ence the number of failures recorded were
10.192; amount of liabilities, (68.564.5Ct; average
liabilities per firm, J6SSO; amount of recoveries,
;:;,HC. 4:i; average percentage of recoveries,
£3 9-10.
it Is a matter of record that the dividend
receive! through the medium of the courts In
insolvency cases averages less than 25 per cent.
After reviewing the business transacted
by the beard of directors during the past
year the report concluded as follows:
The commencement of a new year Is a suit
able and proper timo for us to review the
year that has passed away, mark Its successes,
profit by Its failures and formulate our plans
for the year that Is before us.
With regard to the past year It will go down
In history as the beet for trade ever known,
both In volume of business and in profits. It
was a busy year all around— a year of broad
expansion in commerce, a year of high prices,
well paid labor, good profits, and a "record
breaker" In nearly every branch of trade.
While we can look back and rejolc* we can
also look forward with confidence. There Is
every Indication on the business horizon that
we have entered upon an era of prosperity'
which will b<» without precedent in our history.
The Increase of the exports of America on
manufactured articles is one of the great signs
of the times. This is due largely, no doubt,
to improved machinery and in this respect we
stand easily first. The inventiveness and
adaptability of American machinists has given
to us the markets of the world.
The prevailing; sentiment among business men
Is one of confidence In what Is to be developed.
It Is a very conservative view of the situa
tion as It la to-day, to quote a commercial
agency, that "the business community looks
forward to ISOO with at least equally mixed
feellnjrs of hope and confidence." These are
the two prime factors in all commercial re
cult?, and as they are so closely allied In the
minds of business men it Is a safe conclusion
that with the conservatism which marks suc
cessful enterprise there need be but little fear
Oracle of Our City and the Pacific Coast
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1900.
Free to the
Ruptured.
Dr. W. S. Rice, the Well-Known
Authcrlty, Sends a Trial of His
Famous Method Free to All.
Anyone Can Now Cure Themselves
at Home Without Pain, Danger,
Operation or an Hour's Loss of
Time From Work.
— ¦
To tb« thousands upon thousands of ruptured
pecpl« who are torturing themselves with
trutses and in momentary danger cf death from
strangulation I>r. W. S. Rice, 418 v Main
eti-eet, Adams, N.
V.. will send free
y^^iv-^f^S^. l 0 "- 11 ¦• trtal of
Ar r \. \ >\x his famous method
- v L, *^ \\ xr.ade so many
fB->-J ?: S^_--'^v 1 1 tnen - women and
children well and
V fcL~ 'zi - I c "" &n B »nd permt.
U FT* -s-^- 1 jn'-^-i nently cured of old
\ ' v£&>C s ' l£k' : J/ an(J difficult rup-
,- &^SVM- JSf backward about
V>^ ; JWC5?£ . fi£tV writing for the
'-' -vZ&Pr' 'S*^ *\ free trial - it win
tfrA'-r«9k«^«! *i» & el c* 3Bl So u nothing
I&9'&r l ' cu t0 "** now
easily you can cure
m v Tviriu yourself in a very
M. K. LTMAN. Bhort Urae without
loslsc an hour irom work. Dr. Rice Is deter-
mined that every •uSerlng- man or woman shall
know the wonderful truth that rupture can be
cured end he therefor* generously sends, pre-
jaid ty mall, his method, absolutely free, and
j . v can rr.tke a free trial of It. Write to-day
without fall, as you cannot afford to miss this
irce and generous offer.
Mr. M K. Lyman, a highly esteemed dtlcen
of Delrey, Fla.. says: "The Dr. Rice method is
a remarkable cure. I had an old rupture that
defied everything, but In three weeks there was
ro protrusion and I have remained sound and
well ever since. I heartily recommend Dr. Rle«
to every eufferer." Do not fall to write at once
tor the free trial and thus cure yourself at home
wnhou* pain, danter or detention from the
•lay's work. Write at once. Commence now
•rd before the heavy work of spring begins you
will be cured 6cund as a dollar.
Write to Dr. W. 6. Rice, 418 I*. Main Bt..
Adams. N. Y. You will never regret having
den* ao.
Our Increased Trade With China.
England can no longer compete with us in
the ehlpment of many products to China. Our
trade with the Chinese has Increased almost
49 per cent within the last year. This is merely
natural. The best wins In everything. For
a like reason Hostetter's Stomach Bitters, the
best remedy In the country, has for fifty years
acknowledged no superior to cure constipation.
Indigestion, dyspepsia and biliousness.
CAPE NOME
TRANSPORTATION COMPANIES.
7Sun, Moon and Tide.
Securities were quiet on the morning session,
with no changes worthy of note. In the after
noon business was still lighter. ;
The Ophlr Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 20 cents.
The California-street Cable Company will pay
a dividend of 60 cents per share on the 14th.
The Pacific Gas Improvement Company will
pay a dividend of 35 cents per share on the
10th.
The ' San Jose Water Company will pay a
dividend of 60 cents per share on the loth.
The Pacific Lighting Company paid a divi
dend of 35 cents per share yesterday.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. Feb. 6—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask
U S Bonds— Eqult G L Co. 3T» 4Vi
4s quar coup.. — — Mutual El Co. — 137*
Is quar reg.... — 114% O G L & 11... 45 45%
Is quar new... 133% — Pac Gas Imp.. 43 49',i
Ss quar coup.. — — Pac Light Co. 43% 45%
Miscellaneous— S F G & E 50 —
Cal-st Cab 55. .117 — San Francisco. 4% 4%
C C Wat 55... 106 107% Stockton Gas.. 12 —
Ed L & P 65.. 130 — Insurance—
F&CI Ry 65.. 115 — Firem's Fund.22o —
Geary-st R ss. — 95 Bank Stocks—
II C& S 5%5..105 110 Anglo-Cal Ltd. 68 —
HC & S 55... .106% — Bank of Ca1.. .401 —
LARy 5s 105 106 Cal SD & T.. 9S 100
LAI. Co 55.. — — First Natnl....2s<> 305
Do.gntd 65..— — Lon P & A. ...133 135
Do gntd 55.. — 103 {Merchants' Ex — 16
LA& P R 55. 102 — JNev Nat 8k... — —
Market-st 65... 126% — Savings Banks—
Do Ist M 55.. — 118% Ger S & L..1750 —
NCN G R 75. 105 — Hum S& L. — —
NR of Cal 65. 113>,4 — Mut Say Bk. 43 —
N R of Cal ss. 113% — S F Say U.. 600 —
NPC R R 65.102 103 Say & L Co. 74 78
N P C R R 6s.lOsVJlo6te Sec Say Bk: — —
NC R U 55... 103 — Union T Co. — —
OGL & H 05.109 — Street Railroads-
Oak Tran 65... — 113 California — 120
Oak TV Co 55.. — — G^ary-st 50 —
Oceanic SS C0.104^105 Market-st Ry.. 60% 81%
Om C Ry 65.. — 12SH OSL &. H.... — 50
P&CI Ry 65. .104 104% Presidio 14 —
Pk &O Ry 6s. — — Powder Stocks—
Powell-st R 65.119% — California 160 175
Sac El G&RSS S7HIOO E Dynamite... 85 —
SF & SJV 55. 116 — Giant Con Co. 94H 94%
RRy of Cal 6s. — 109 Vigorit 2% 3
S P of A 65....U(H4111 Sugar Stocks—
S P C 65(1905).109 110% Hana P Co 7% 7%
SP C 65(1906).112 113 Haw C&S Co — 88%
SP C 65(1912). — — Honokaa S Co. A% 30
SP C Ist cgss. — — • I Hutch S P Co. 23% 26
SPnr 6s 124%— Ktlauea S Co.. — —
S V Wat 6s 1154116 j Makaweli SCo 43H 43%
S V Wat 4s 102 103 Onomea S Co. 20% 26^
8V TV 45(3dm)102V4 — Paauhau S Co. 26% 27%
Stktn Gas (i 5. .102 108 Miscellaneous-
Water Stocks— ' Al Pack Assn. 120 121
Contra Costa.. 73% 74 Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Marln County. R0 — Oceanic S Co.. 94 95
Spring Valley. 93% 93% Pac A FA.... 2 —
Gas * Electric— Pac C Bor C 0.144 —
Cent Gas Co.. — — Par Paint Co.. 9% —
Cent L& P.... 4 —
Morning Sesslcn.
Board —
10 Contra Costa Water 73 %tll
125 Giant Powder Con 94 75'
60 Honokaa 29 87>A
12 Hutchlnson S P C 0.... ?s 00
20 Oakland Gas 45 00
25 Paauhau S P Co • 26 73
10 Pacific Gas Imp 48 S7}4
15 S F Gas & Electric Co 50 25 ¦
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 50 l-nt
6T» S F Gas & Electric Co 60 00
. 40 S V Water 9350
Afternoon Session.
Board— .
' 80 Contra Costa Water 73 g7^
20 Contra Costa Water 74 00
75 Equltabla Gas '.-4 00
10 Giant Powder Con .94 50
200 Hutchlnson S P Co 2575
$50C0 Oceanic S S Bonds 104 73
¦ 5 Pacific Gas Imp ....49 00
Street— . - ¦
$1000 Los Angeles Ry 6s 105 0*
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
. Morning Session.
- Board—
20 Contra Costa Water 74 12ft
100 Equitable Gas . x 4 25 -
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. I.— The stock market to
day wii Bubjecf-d to a notable process of
digestion and came through the ordeal re
markably well. Stocks which were leaders in
activity and btrength during the movement of
last week were heavily sold to take profits.
The profit-taking was met by a strong demand
and offerings were absorbed with little difficulty
and without any material concession in price
being made necessary. Indeed any approach
In prices to Saturday's level resulted in a
notable hardening market, the surface becom
ing practically unyielding at Saturday's level.
Offerings cf etock fell to a minimum and
buyers in order to secure stocks were obliged
to raise bids to a point to yield profits to the
eellers on their last week's purchases. While
professional operators were thus taking profits
at come points in the list they were replacing
their funds in other stocks which had not
moved last week or In which the movement
had beer, only Inaugurated. Thus, with trad-
Ing proceeding on an active scale and the
movement of prices taking on a considerable
degree of irregularity, the market presented
all the characteristics of a true bull move
ment. Upward movements In prices were eas
ily achieved and the speculative Bentiment
ehowed itself quick to respond to any news
developmerts regarding special stocks. Thus
a number of railroad stocks responded quickly
and emi'haticaliy to returns of earnings for
the fourth week in January, showing targe
Increases over the high level of last vesr.
The leaders of the railroad list were the "Nor
folk acd Western Etock?, the fourth week state
ir.er.t showing an increase of $122,354 over last
year. As this Is or.c of the roads which by
reason of previous heavy outlays Is able to
deduce the current rate of operating expenses,
the showing wa» doubly effective. The com
mon stock advanced 3-% and the preferred IVi.
Louisville. Ht. Louis and San Francisco, Den
ver and Rio Grande and a number of other
railroads responded to good Ftatements of earn
ings. St. Paul and Burlington ehowed re
nev.-ed strength on reports of an Improvement
tn the movement at gTain on the Western lines
In addition to the extraordinary movement of
general merchandise. The iron and steel stocks
continued very prominent and .the leadership
here was shifted also under the influence of
realizing in American Steel and Wire and
come others. The new leader of the group was
National Bteel. which was very heavily bought
en floating reports of enormous earnings for
the past year to be shown by the forthcoming
report. Reports of a similar kind have been
unheeded lor most part on Wall street, but
to-day the etock market shot up under the in
fluence an extreme 2%. Other members of
the metal group cl&«ely allied by Identity of
ownership moved in close sympathy. Amer
ican Houp and Tin Plate are in this class.
Republic Steel, the smelting stocks and Ana
conda were also etrong. Speculators are in
clined to discount to some extent the increase
in the circulation provided for in the finan
cial bill In Congress and in consequence ignore
come of the indications of encroachment on
the money supply on other accounts. The
market closed active and strong at best prices
for mar:y clocks.
The bond market was irregular and not so
active us cf late. Total sales, par value, $2.
4G£,£oo.
i:n!t«d States o!4 4s. new 4s and Ss ad
\*nc«l >i in the bid price.
NEW YOHK STOCK LIST.
Sha S* c ? Closing
sold. Etocks^ — bid
",420 Atchison 20 i t4
15.121 Atchlson prefd 63 il
22.Ki» P-altimore & Ohio V evl
1.020 Canadian Pacific \"" m 97
Co-'i Canada Southern ".".".*' 454
I.COO Chebap^akc & Ohio ."" &*
I.COO Chicago Great Western 131^
1i.C30 Chicago. Burlington & <Julney..".;"ir.%
KW Chic Ind & Louis l£i*
800 Chic Ind & Louis prefd... " J"ii
tl» Chic & Eastern Illinois 91 !
' luO Chicago & Northwestern ... ifi*i<
6.SCU Chic Hock Islard & Pac. wA
3.J50 C C C & St Louis «,'
Colorado Southern '.'..'.'."'." ;il
Colorado Southern Ist prefd ...'.'.'.'..'. 4314
(Colorado 2<J prefd ,j
Delaware & Hudson 11!
100 Del Lack & Western ; jig
400 lx>nver>& It!o Grande ..." is'i
C 29 Denver & Rio Grande prefd. 70s?
trie "* n £
I«00 Erie l«t prefd '" ii?
t,V4 <Jreat Northern prefd "lCuil
?» Hocking Coal " 17
100 Hocking Valley ~ ijt/
440 Illinois Central .112
109 lowa Central ;* j;ii
100 lowa Central prefd rj
1.500 Kan City Pitts & Gulf 77Z
? Lake Erie & Western 20U
200 Lake Erie &. Western prefd fc;'
• Lake Shore 194
S.Sr-0 Louisville & Nashville So»i
25.350 Manhattan L 99Vi
«."00 Metropolitan St Ry 173
2.C10 Mexican Central , u]g
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 43.000 27,000
Wheat, bushels 22,000 13.000
Corn, bushels £45.000 218,000
Oats, bushels 241,000 209.000
Rye. bushels 12,000 3,000
Barley, bushels 45,000 12,000
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Estate of Claus Wreden (by Elizabeth and
William G. Wreden and Frank J. Veen, execu
tors) to Bernard M. Albers, lot on NW corner
of Turk and Scott streets. W 50 by N 63; $7500.
Charles S. Johnson, Juliet J. Mezes. Cornelia
J. Pringle and Covlncton Johnson to Nathan
D. Newman, lot on N line of Page street, 111:3
TV of Central avenue (Lott>. TV 64:44 by N
137:6 $10.
William C. and Sarah J. Hammerton to Harry
E. Hargrave, lot on N line of Day street. 164
TV of Dolores. TV 25 by N 114; $10.
Isabella Kelly to Isabella Hanson, lot on N
line of Twenty-fourth street. 125 B of Sanchez.
E 25 by N 114; gift. '
Catherine Osgood (wife) to Hosea Osgood.
lot on N line of Valley street. 130 E of Noe.
E 25 by N 114; gift.
George W. and Ann Duffield to Giovanni
Divlncenzl. lot on W line of Montgomery street.
62:6 N of Vallejo. N 25 by W 87:6, reserving 2:5
by 67 for alley; $10. •
Same to Lutgi Ferrari, lot on W line of Mont
gomery street, 87:6 N of Vallejo, N 23 by TV 60,
reserving 2:5 by 67 for alley; $10.
Estate of Claus Wreden (by Elizabeth and
William G. Wreden and Frank Veen, executors)
to Bernard M. Albers, lot on NE corner of
Mason and Filbert streets. N 62:6 by E 67:6;
$6200. .-:¦ •
Same to Rudolph Mohr. lot on SW corner of
Mason and Clay streets. S 50 by W 27:6: also
lot on S line of Clay street, 27:6 TV of Mason.
W 22 by S 68; $10,000.
Same to C. C. Vorrath. lot on N line of
Greenwich street, 62:6 W of Taylor. W 75 by
N 75; $6100.
Same to same, lot on W line of Taylor street.
106:3 N of Greenwich. N 31:3 by W 137:6; $4730.
Frank W. and Emma A. Fuller to Sarah 11.
Gregory (wife of Warren), lot on W line of
Twenty-first avenue, 250 N of Lake street. N
60:9, W 242:6, S 93:6. E 240; $10.
Same to Charles O. Barbour. lot on N line of
Lake street. 57:6 W of Twenty-fifth avenue, W
25 by N 108; $10.
Robert L. and Lillian Morton to Emllle Ram
lot, lot on W line of Fourth avenue. 125 S of
Lake street, S 25 by W 120; $10.
Ezra F. and Mary I. Dennlson to San Fran
cisco Collateral Loan Bank. IS2S D. 23. lot on
W line of Ninth avenue, 200 S of I street. S
125 by W 120; also 15Z3 D. 133. lot on W line of
Eighth avenue. 175 N of California street. N
25 by W 120: also 1723 D. 87. lot on W line of
Thirty-first avenue. 150 N of A street. N 26:4.
W 304:1. SE 76:54. B- 194:6; also lot on W
line of Fifteenth avenue. 135:10 N of A street.
N 40. W 63:8, S 11 degrees 45 minutes. E 40.5,
X SS: SlO.
Same to same, lot on W line of Ninth avenue.
225 N of A street, N 100 by TV 120, quitclaim
deed: also third description In 1344 D. 344. lot
on E line of Tenth avenue. 253 S of California
street. S 74:6. N 89 degrees 45 minutes. E 240:5.
N 68:8, W 120. N 30. TV 120. quitclaim deed; $10.
Vltus and Rosa Miller to Giovanni Chlpparl.
lot on NE corner of Gottenburg and Hanover
streets, N 261. E 164:1. S 203, TV 237:3. lots 73
to 75. West End Homestead Association; $10.
William P. Wilder to Mark Sheldon Company
(a corporation), lot on TV line of Carrie street,
100 N of Wilder. N 50 by W 100. block 2. Fair
mount Extension Homestead, quitclaim deed;
$10.
Joseph F. Dolan to Julus and Annie J. Price,
lot on E line of Gates street. 75 N of Eugenia.
N 25 by E 70. lot 445. Gift Map 1: $10.
Mary S. Humphreys to Emmett R. Comer
ford,- estate of Joseph M. Comerford, No. 21,411,
deed and assignment; $250.
Alameda County.
Ivy L. Borden to Ullle Cole, lot on S line of
Enclnal avenue, 300 E of Post street. E 60 by S
85:8. being lot 32. Hlrschfeld Tract. Alameda:
$10.
Ina D. Coolbrlth to P. Calou. lot on SW cor
ner West street and Alden avenue (or Twenty
ninth street), TV 140 by S 56. being lot 7. block
A. Whltcher and Brockhurst Tract, Oakland
slo.
Edward D. and Helen Harmon to John C.
Rogers, lot on N line of Prince street 400 E
of Calais. E 50 by N 135. being lot 3, block I
Harmon Tract. Berkeley: $10.
Eben W. and Ella T. Merchant to- R. E. Bell
lot on W line of MeClure street, IS3 N of Pros
pect avenue, N 45 by TV 104, being lot S, Map
of MeClure Academy Grounds, subject to a
mortgage for KSOO. Oakland: $10.
R, E. Bell to L. G. Burpee, same. Oakland
slo.
George S. Beadle to M. L. Broadwell and J
F. Towle. lot on NW line of lot 6, block 2 San
Antonio. 60 SW from East Twelfth street' SW
n, E 51. NE 60. NW 50 to beginning, being the
lower portion of lots 6 and 7. block 2. San An
tonio. East Oakland, quitclaim deed: $10.
B. C. Hawes (administrator of estate of Alex
ander Watson) to M. Rinehart. lot on S line of
Thirty-second avenue, 156.5S TV of Telegraph
avenue. TV 25 by S 140. being the E half of lot
6. block 2036. Rowland Tract. Oakland- $420
George S Beadle to M. L. Broadwell and J
F. Towle. lot on S line of East Twelfth street'
123 E of Sixteenth avenue. E 50 by S 60 being
lots 6 or.d 7. block 2. San Antonio. East Oak
land; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Charles Mayer (owner) with Val Franz (con
tractor), architects Salfield & Kohlberg— Car
pentet. mill and Iron work, tiling, hardware
glazing, tinning, lathing, plastering etc for
a three-story frame building (flats) on" S line •
by TV U 27 n 6- 8 55470' 192 W°' Webster - S "^t j
Same owner with Ickelhelmer Brothers (con
tractors), architects same— Gas fitting, plumb-
Ing. etc.. for same on same; $1110
Chicago Grain Market.
» ARRIVED.
Monday, February B.
Stmr Lacuna. Hansen. 60 hours from San
Dleco.
Stmr Gtpsy, Leland. 23 hours from Monte
rey.
Stmr Grace Dollar. Fosen. 45 hours from Saa
Pedro.
Stmr Alcazar, Gundenon. 43 hours from Port
Los Anreles.
Stmr Elthu Thomson, Whitney. 4 fiay» from
Oyster Harbor.
Stmr Homer. Donaldson. SO hours from New
port (S).
Br stmr Lady Jolcey. Cook. 62 days from.
Hongkong, via Kobe 51 days, via Yokohama
45 days, via Honolulu 23 days, via San Dleso
3 days.
Ship Glory of the Seas. Freeman. 9 days from
Comox.
Bark Alden Besse, Potter, 18 day* from Hono
lulu.
Bktn Lesll* D. Peterson. IS days from Port
Blakeley.
Schr 5 T Alexander. Issen. S days from Eu
reka.
Schr Neptune. Estvold. 10 days from Gray*
Harbor.
Schr Melancthon. Olsen. 9 days from Wlllapa
Harbor.
Schr S Danielson. Crangle. S days from Suis
law River.
Schr James A Garfleld, Lewis. 7 days from
Coos Bay.
Schr Lily, Bottser. 8 days from Uznpqua.
CLEARED.
Monday. February 5.
Stmr Corona. Glelow. San Dlezo. etc; Good
all, Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Wellington. Salmond. Cbemalnus; R
Dunsmuir's Sons Co.
Chll shio Hlndostan. Welsh. CaJdera; J V
Chapman & Co.
SAILED.
Monday. February 5.
Stmr Luella. Miller. .
Stmr Walla Walla, Thomas. Victoria and
Port Townsend.
Stmr Del Norte, Allen. Trinidad.
Stmr Arcata. Reed. Coos Bay.
Stmr Noyo. Johnson. Fort Brags.
Stmr Navarro. Jensen. Eureka.
Br stmr Wellington. Salmond. Chemalnns.
Bark Hlrhland Light. Port Townsend.
Schr Pioneer. Mikkelsen, Grays Harbor.
MEMORANDUM.
Per schr James A Garfleld— Feb 2. lat 40 20
N, lon 125 40 W, passed through a larre quan
tity of pine lumber.
MISCELLANEOUS.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Feb s— Baric Abbl«
Palmer, from Tacoma. for Adelaide: put In to
land a sailor with both legs broken.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Feb 5, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NE. velocity 6 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS
USAL— Sailed Feb 4— Stmr Rival, for Santa
Barbara.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Feb s— Stmr Green
wood, hence Feb 3.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb s— Schr Ivy. hence
Jan 21: stmr Willamette, hence Feb 3. Feb 4—4 —
Stmr Lakme. hence Jan 30: ship C F Sargent.
hence Jan 27; schr Ivy. hence Jan 21.
Sailed Feb 4— Stmr Farallon. for Dyea and
Ska-ruay; stmr City of Topeka, for Skaguay:
stmr L'matllla. for San Francisco; bark Ger
manla. for San Francisco.
POINT REYES— Passed Feb 5— Sfclp Glory of
the Seas, from Coraox. for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Feb 4— Schr Corona,
from Port Ludlow; bktn Portland, from Se
attle: schr Falcon, from Grays Harbor; boric
Tidal Wave, from Tacoma; stmr Newburg.
from Gray* Harbor.
CRESCENT ClTY— Sailed Feb 4— Stmr Cres
cent City, for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Feb s— Stmr Co
quiMe River, hence Feb I; tug Astoria, hencs
Feb 2: schr Mary Buhne. hence Jan 27.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Feb s— Schr
Lottie Bennett, from Hllo: schr Maxrle C
Russ from San Pedro; schr C H Merchant,
from San Pedro: schr Queen, from Santa Bar
bara: schr Winslow. from Honolulu.
REDONDO— Arrived Feb s— Schr La Glronde.
from Grays Harbor.
EUREKA— SaiIed Feb s— Stmr Brunswick, for
San Francisco: schr Lottie Carson, for San
Pedro; stmr Orizaba, for San Francisco; «tmr
South Coast, for San Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived Feb 5— Br bark Gulf
Stream, from Honolulu.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Feb s— Schr Wa
wona. from Newnort (S).
CASPAR— SaiIed Feb 5— Stmr Cleone. for San
000S C BAY— Sailed Feb s— Schr Webfoot. for
San Francisco: stmr Alice Blancbard. for Saa
Francisco.
NEWPORT (S)— Arrived Feb s— Schr Excel
sior from Port BlaVeley.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Feb *— Stmr
Whltesboro. for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE — Arrived Feb 4 — Stmr
hence Jan 30. Feb 5— Schr Lottie Bennett, from
Port Townsend.
ALBlON— Arrived Feb s— Stmr Scotia. henc«
Feb 2
S\N PEDRO— Arrived Feb s— Stmr San
Pedro, hence Feb 3: bktn John Smith, from
Seattle: schr Wni Renton. from Tacoma.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NANAlMO— Arrived Feb 4— Stmr Mlneola.
from Port Los Angeles, and sailed Feb 5 for
Fort Los Angeles.
LAUNCESTON'— Arrived Feb 4— Schr Honol
pu. from Port Ludlow
HONOLULU— Arrived off Jan 24— Bktn Jan«
L Stanford, from Newcastle. NSW.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed Feb 4— Schr lay
man D Foster, for Honolulu.
KUTCHINOTZI.'— Sailed Feb 4— Nor stmr !*•
ander for San Franc'sco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Feb s— Stmr Campa
nia, from New York.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Feb 4— Stmr Augusta
Victoria, from New York, for Funehal. for
Genoa, etc. on Oriental cruise.
ANTWERP— Arrived Feb 3— Stmr Frtesland.
from New York.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Feb 4— Stmr Amster
dam, from N>w York.
TO SAIL
Charters.
The Marie wa» chartered prior to arrival for
wheat to Europe, 225; Car.robert, same voyage.
tit id; Comber-mere, Sis Sd.
The Diamond Head and W. O. Irwln load
merchandise for Honolulu; Annie Johnson,
xnercfcar.dlte for Hilo.
The Onaway loads ccal at Oyster for Hono
lulu; Ret*at. lumber at Port Blakeley for
Suva.
Revenue Collections.
Internal revenue collections in this district
In Jar-jary were CSI.SSL, against $249,708 in
January. 1599. the leading Items being as fol
lows: 'From beer. J7;.2:2: spirits. $71,263; to
bacco, $26,77?; war stamps, $90,135.
Weather Report.
(lTOth Merlflian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 5. 19C0— 6 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last sesson. and rainfalls In the last twenty
four hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 14 Hours. Season. Season.
Tureka 0.00 24.86 15. 47
Red Bluff 0.00 15.07 13.13
Sacramento 0.00 13.71 7.55
Fan Francisco COO 14.57 7.77
Fresno 0.00 6.14 S.£o
Independence 0.00 2.08 1.15
San Luis OMspo 0.00 12.41 7.15
L ¦•* Angeles Trace 4.57 2.96
Fan Diego 0.02 2.64 3.67
Yuir.a 0.00 0.66 1.34
Pan Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
<«.; nilr.imum, 4J: rr.ean, 13.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FOP.ECAST
The weather Is cloudy and threatening over
Wfij=ir.pton and cloudy over Arizona and South
ern California. Light rain has fallen in West
era Washington and Northwestern Oregon and
light showers have occurred along the couth-
western coast of Californla.
The pressure has risen over the southern por
tion of the Pacific Slope and fallen rapidly over
the northern. A etorm of moderate energy is
central north of Montana this evening.
The temperature has risen in the Sacramento
Valley and alone the central coast of Califor
nia and remained nearly stationary in other dis
tricts.
Conditions are favorable for fair weather in
California Tuesday. The temperature will rise
in the San Joaquin Valley.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, February 6. 1900:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday; light
northerly wind; warmer In the San Joaquln
Valley.
Southern California— Partly cloudy Tuesday:
rrobably light showers along the coast early
Tues-day morning; light north wind.
Nevada— Partly cloudy Tuesday.
Utah— Partly cloudy: warmer Tuesday.
Arizona — Cloudy, probably with showers Tues
day: cooler in southern portion.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Tuesday:
light north wind. G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
1,420 Minn & St Louis (44
Minn & St Louis prefd S5
7.200 Missouri Pacific 4«4
100 Mobile •& Ohio 404
200 Missouri Kan £ Texas 104
1.425 Mssourl Kan & Texas prefd 33%
225 New Jersey Cental 11*4
6.050 New York Central 135 7 »
46.475 Norfolk & Western 29%
10.005 Norfolk & Western prefd 72
11.234 Northern Pacific 63%
1.453 Northern Pacific prefd 75%
8,000 Ontario & Western 234
Oregon Ry &. Nay 42
Oregon Ry & Nay prefd 76
S.2SO Pennsylvania 130%
2.600 Reading 164
10.000 Reading Ist prefd 674
3.300 Reading 2d prefd 29%
Rio Grande Western 40
Rio Grande Western prefd 82
100 Ft Louis & San Fran 10%
St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 69
LOOO St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd.... 364
S.KO St Louis Southwestern 11 T 4
625 St Louis Southwestern prefd 2ST,
11.575 St Paul 122S
Pt Paul prefd 1714
100 St Paul & Omaha 116
43.170 Southern Pacific 40
600 Southern Railway 12%
6.4 M) Southern Railway prefd 57
4.100 Texas & Pacific 164
2.965 Union Pacific 4S'»
41.750 fnlon Pacific prefd 76? i
400 Wabash 7%
700 Wabash prefd 21M>
1,400 Wheeling & Lake Erie 104
600 do 2d prefd 2S
600 Wisconsin Central IS4
Express Companies—
Adams 115
American 147
United .States 47
Wells Fargo 124
Miscellaneous—
450 American Cotton Oil 34%
American Cotton Oil prefd 934
310 American Malting 6
SOO American Malting prefd 274
10.2'.fl American Smelting & Ref 42 1 ,
3,323 American Smelting &; Ref prefd 904
American Spirits 3%
American Spirits prefd 17
S.9W) American Steel Hoop 454
2.910 American Steel Hoop prefd S4
16.375 American i?teel & Wire 674
L2S2 American Steel & Wire prefd 944
6.2&0 American Tin Plate 45%
American Tin Plate prefd 82
20,150 American Tobacco 104%
American Tobacco prefd 13T>%
3f>o Anaconda Mining Co 42%
19,050 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 75%
4.f20 Colorado Fuel & Iron 47%
3.650 Continental Tobacco 34%
1.625 Continental Tobacco prefd 85%
15.245 Federal Steel 57
3.080 Federal Steel prefd 76%
1.130 General Electric 12S
3,475 Glucose Sugar hi
Gluco6e Sugar prefd 100
1.600 International Paper 244
410 International Paper prefd 6?4
200 Laclede Gas 7x4
£20 National Biscuit 37%
National Biscuit prefd 93%
4,200 National Lead 27
National Lead prefd 104%
59.135 National Steel 52%
600 National Steel prefd JW
100 New York Air Brake 130
100 North American 14%
200 Pacific Coast 51%
Pacific Coast l!=t prefd S3
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 64
2.6*0 Pacific Mail 43%
70,225 People's Gas ios%
8,620 Pressed Steel Car : 574
200 Pressed Steel Car prefd 87%
Pullman Palace Car IS2 I
770 Standard Rope &. Twine 8%
C 0.675 Sugar 114%
100 Sugar prefd 1134
S,sf>3 Tennessee Coal & Iron 99%
21.535 United States Leather 17
2,620 United States Leather prefd 45%
United States Rubber 39
United States Rubber prefd 1014
660 Western Union 804
9,333 Republic Iron & Steel 26%
1.200 Republic Iron & Steel prefd../. 69 7 i
P C C & St Louis es
705,300 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U 8 2s reg 10*4 IN V Cent lsts 109%
Do 3s reg 109% jN J Cent Gen 65.. 1234
Do Ss coup 109Vi;N Carolina 6s 12"'
Do new 4s reg...l33»ij Do 4s 106
Do new 4s ooup..l33%i Northern Pac 35... 66%
Do old 4s reg 114% | Do 4s 104
Do old 4s coup...H4%|N V C &, St L 45.. .1074
Do 6s reg 112%!N &. W Con 45.... 94%
Do 6s coup 112%' Do gen 6s 129
Dis of Col 3655. ...119 (Or Nay lsts HO
Atch gen 4s 101%! Do 4s 102
Do adj 4s 82>4;0r Short Line 65. .1274
Canada Sou 2ds 1094; Do Con 5s 112%
Ches &. Ohio 445.. 98 j Reading Gen 45.... 85
Do 5s 118 RO W lsts 964
CAN Con 7s 1404 3 L & I M Con 65.. 111%
Do S F Deb 55. ..121% S L & S F Gen 65.. 120
Chic Term 4s 94 St Paul Con 167%
D & R G lsts 1024 St P C & P 15t5.. 119
Do 4s 9941 Do 6s 120
E T V t O 15t5.. ..106 Southern Rv E»....105U
Erie Gen 4s 70 'Stand R& T 65.... 80 "
F W & D C lsts.... 71 jrenn new set 35.... S5
Gen Elec 5s 117 |Trx & Pac lsts 114
G H & S A 6s 109 ! Do 2ds 54
Do 2ds 105 I f'nlon Par 4s lf>4
H t T Cent 5s 1104 Wabash lst» 1154
Do Con 6s 1104' Do Zils 99
lowa Cent lsts 1134, West Shore 4s 113%
X C P & G lsts.... 72%!wis Cent lsts 91
La new con 4s 1064 Va Centuries 85
LAN Uni 4s 99 I Do Deferred...... 5
M K& T 2ds 67 Colo Sou 4s 544
Do 4s 904! Southern Pac 45. .„ £3%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 20 Ontario 8 (K>
Crown Point 10 Ophlr €5
Con Cal & Va 1 45 Plymouth 08
Deadwood 60 Quicksilver 1 75
Gould & Curry 20' Do prefd.... 760
Hale & Norcross... 30 Sierra Nevada 40
Homestake 65 50 Standard 2 50
Iron Silver 67 Union Con 25
Mexican 30 Yellow Jacket IS
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money • do prefd 113
Call loans 54044 WestlnKhouse Elec 434
Time loans 4 ©5 do prefd 61
Stocks— Wisconsin Central. 18%
A T & S F 20% Dominion Coal 42
AT& S F prefd.. 634 do prefd 115%
American Sugar ..114% Bonds
do prefd 114 Atchlson 4s 99
Hell Telephone ....346 Mining Shares-
Boston & Albany ..242 Adventure 6
Boston Elevated... lol4 Allouez Mining Co. 2T4
Boston & Maine ...198 Atlantic 275
C B & Q 125»4 Boat & Mont 27J
Fitchburg prefd ...1244 Butte & Boston ... El 4
General Electric -.128 Calumet & Hec1a..745
do prefd U6 |Centennlal 174
Federal Steel .'.7 (Franklin 14
do prefd 764'Osceola 744
Mexican Central .. ll4|Parrct 45%
Mich Telephone ...100 Qulncy 141
Old Colony 203 Santa Fe Copper... 64
Old Colony 203 Tamarack IS9
Did Dominion IS4 Wlnona 3%
Union Pacific 47Tt< Wolverines 40
Union Land 24 Utah 28%
Nezu York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. s.— Money on call, steady,
at 2Q24 per cent: last loan. 24 per cent; prime
mercantile paper, 405 per cent. Sterling ex
change, firm, with actual business in bankers'
bills at $4 £7404 SSV for demand and at $4 84<4
4i4 544 for sixty days; posted rates. $4 8504 SS;
commercial bills. }4 534&4 84. liar sliver. 60c;
Mexican dollars. 474 c; silver certificates, 594@
04c. Government bonds, strong; State bonds,
inactive; railroad bonds. Irregular.
London Markets.
NEW YORK. Feb. 6.— The Commercial Ad
vertleer's London financial cablegram cays: The
markets here were optimistic early to-day on
the report that General Buller was advancing
toward Ladysmith. They became easier In the
afternoon when the War Office announced that
It knew nothing of the early morning reports.
Business, however, was too small for much
relapse. - Consols touched 101 3-16 and closed
hi lower. The American department wan most
active. Berlin bought Northern Pacific Issues
and this, together with buying of Norfolk and
Western by New York, served to lift the whole
list. Paris is buying tintos on the top of a
45-ehllllng dividend. It also took come Ana
conda to-day. There was no soli movement.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 85
Sterling Exchange, sight — * BS,H
Sterling Cables — * 894
New York Exchange, sight — J5
New York Exchange, telegraphic — I' 4
Fine Silver, per ounce — W.
Mexican Dollars 48 4s*
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Liverpool and Paris opened higher
and closed lower. Antwerp quarantined against
Argentina.
The visible supply decreased 1,235.000 bushels,
and snow was reported In the winter wheat
belt. Chicago was easy at a slight decline. The
seaboard reported an excellent export demand
for Wheat, Corn and Oats, with an advance of
Sc per bushel in ocean freights during the past
ten days.
In the local market futures declined, but
spot prices were undisturbed.
Spot Wheat — Shipping, 9S%c®sl; milling.
$1 01%®l 024.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May, 2000 ctls
at $1 01%; 12.000 ctls at $1 01%.
Second Session— May, 2000 ctls, $1 014; 2000
Ctls. $1 01%.
Regular Morning Session— May, 4000 ctls,
$1 01U: 2'KK>. $1 01%; 2000, $1 014; December, 22,
000, $1 05%.
Afternoon Sesslcn — No sales.
BARLEY— Lower prices for Feed are again
quoted, with a dull market.
Feed. 75c for No. 1 and 650-7240 for off
graJes; Brewing and Shipping grades, So<itB7V»c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— 2ooo ctls, CDUo.
Afternoon Session — No Bales.
OATS— There is nothing going on to disturb
quotations one way or the other.
White, $1 1001 30; Red, $1 074®l 20; Gray,
$1 07'%(fil 174: Black. 974c®$l 074.
CORN— Eastern White Is quoted at 95c@
$1 024 per ctl and Eastern Y-tllow at $I@l 05;
mixed, 974c®$l.
RYE— sl®l 05 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60®3 75
usual terms: bakers' extras, $3 40©3 50; Oregon
and Washington. $2 75@3 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
$3 25 cer 100 lbs: Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye Meal,
$2 60- Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $2 60; Oat
Groats $4 60; Hominy. $3 25®3 50; Buckwheat
Flour, '$404 25; Cracked Wheat $3 76; Farina,
$4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 60: Rolled Oats
(barrels). $607 25; in sacks. $5 7507; Pearl Bar
ley, $5; Split Peas. $5; Green Peas, $5 60 per 100
lbs. ;
Hay and Feedstuffs.
All descriptions remain as previously quoted.
BRAN— JI4IHIS per ton.
MIDDLINGS-$17020 per ton
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $14017 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26®27; Jobbing.
$27 60^23; Cocoanut Cake. $20@21; Corn Meal,
$23023 60; Cracked Corn. $23 60024; Mixed Feed,
$15 SO: Cottonseed Meal, $2S per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $6 U>SS 50 for common to good
and $9 for choice; Wheat and Oat. $6 50©8 60;
Oat. $608; Barley. ?5®7; Alfalfa, $6@7 60 per
ton.
STRAW— 2S®4Oc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The lull In the demand for Beans continues,
but the market shows no weakness.
BEANS— Bayos, $3 2S®3 35; small White, $3 20
<g3 35; large White. $2 9053 10; Pinks, $2 60®
2 85; Reds, $3 50@3 75; Blackeye. $4 50; Butters,
nominal; Lima. $5 15®5 25; Pea, $3 20@3 40; Red
Kidneys, $3 60®4.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. 3@34c; Yellow Mus
tard, 4044 c; Flax, $1 So®2 20; Canary, 34c per
lb for California and 4o for Eastern; Alfalfa.
7©Be; Rape, 24®3c; Hemp, 4@44c; Timothy.
4@44c
DRIED PEAS— NUes, $1 60®l 90; Green $1 75
©2 t-0 per ctL _;
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The Oregon steamer brought down 9178 eka
Potatoes and 933 sks Onions. The latter are
hisher. but the former are dull and weak.
Vegetables are firm at good prices.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. 90cg$l; River Reds,
605?75c; Burbanks, 50@75c per sack; Oregon
Burbanks. 60c8$l 10: Sweet Potatoes, $1 75 for
Men-cd: New Potatoes, 3c,
ONIONS— SI tO>S2 per ctl for all kinds.
VEGETABLES-^-Green Peas, 3@4c per lb:
String Beans. 10tT15c: Cabbage. 4*350 c; Los
Angeles Tomatoes, $101 50: Egg Plant from Los
Angeles, IOQUc; Dried Okra, 124 c per lb;
Garlic. G<27c: Green Peppers Irom Los Angelea,
2@sc for Chile and for Bell; Dried Peppers.
KiilOc: Carrots. 3(K?40o uer da«*k: Lo« Anu-les
Summer Squash, $I@l 50 per box ; Marrowfat
Squash, nominal.
Poultry and Game.
Four cars of Eastern have been received
since Saturday, sales being made at 12c for
Turkeys, $5 for Ducks, $2 25 for Geese, $4 for
Fryers. $4 60 for old Roosters. $.>@s 60 for young
Roosters and $5 50*36 for Hens.
Game was easy and quiet, the warm weather
being against it.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 12314 a for Gob
blers and 12®14c for Hens: Dressed Turkeys.
12{jU6c: Geese, per pair. $1 76@2; Goslings, $1 75
02; Ducks, $4£5 for old and Jlili for young;
Hens, $3 £o®s; Young Roosters. UQa; Old
Roosters, $4®4 50: Fryers. $4 60; Broilers, $4
ti'4 f'O for large and $3@3 50 for small; Pigeons,
$1 2501 60 per dozen for old and $2 5003 for
•quab*.
OAME— Quail, $I®l 60: Mallard. $3®4: Can
vasback, $3@4; Sprig, $2; Teal. $1 23®1 50;
Widgeon. $160; Small Duck. $125: Doves, 73c
per dozen; Hare, $I©l 50: Rabbits. $1 is@l 75;
Gray Geese, $3® 3 50; White, $160: Brant. $175®
2 50; Honkers. $4®4 50: English Snipe. $2 50 per
dozen; Jack Snipe. $1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter opened the week with a further decline
and dealers were willing to make concessions
to sell. Eggs were also lower, and Cheese was
w*>ak and In good supply.
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 27@28c; seconds,
25«j26c.
Dairy— Fancy, 24g25c; good to choice, 224®
234 c; common. ll>4j2Oc.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, lO40"o; old, 10c;
Young America, ll@114o; Eastern, 154@16c;
Western, 134£15 c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 16@164c for store and 17©
lSe per dozen for ranch. Eastern — CoM storage,
13f5160.
Deciduous and' Citrus Fruits.
• Offerings at the Orange auction were 24 cars,
selling at $1 33Q2 05 for fancy Navels ( ;2S tc
288).' $1 45fgl 80 for choice and ' 80c£$l 43 ' for
standards. Fancy Lemons sold at $2 and choice
at $145®1 60. ...
Apples were dull and rather lo.vcr, with large
stocks.
Lemons are firm, with moderate ntocks.
DECIDUOUS KrtUlTS—
Apples — thft&&c r»r box for common. 75c@$l
for good and $1 25@1 50 for choice.
BERRIES— Cape Cod Cranberries, $4®7
per bbl. ¦ . •
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 60@2 25
per box: Seedlings, 60c@$l 25; Japanese Man
darins, $HU 25; Pomelos. $102 60; Lemons, $lj»
1 60 for common and $2@2 60 for good to choice;
Mexican Lijuea, |6@5 50; California Limes. 25@
Money was easy at about the 6ame rates as last
week. Bills were weak, being scarce.
CLOSING
LONDON, Feb. 6.— Canadian Pacific. 99%;
Union Pacific preferred, 76%; Northern Pacific
preferred, 774; Atchlson. 21; Grand Trunk, 7%;
Anaconda, S%. Bar silver, dull, 27% d.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Feb. s.— To-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $203,006,277; gold reserve,
$217,335,643.
to United Kingdom, none; Indian shipments of
wheat to continent, none. Lj ,
LIVERPOOL— Wheat— Firm; wheat In Paris,
dull; flour In Paris, dull; French country mar
kets, quiet and steady.
COTTON— Uplands. 4 25-32 d.
CLOSING
LIVERPOOL. Feb. S.— WHEAT— Spot. No. I
red Western winter, firm, 5s 114 d; No. 1 North
ern spring, firm, 6s Id; futures, quiet; March,
o» 10>,;d; May. 5s 9y 4 d- July, 5s lOd.
CORN— American soot, mixed, new. firm,
Ss 8d; old. firm. 3s S4d; futures, steady; Feb
ruary. 3a 7%d; March, 3s 7%d;-May, 3s 6%d.
, Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, Feb. s.— The following Is the
statement of the visible supply of grain In
store and afloat on Saturday, February 3, as
compiled by the New York Produce Exchange:
Wheat— 54,361,000 bushels; decrease, 1,235,000
bushels.
C0rn— 14,683.000 bushels; increase, 57,000 bush
els. ¦ -
0at5— «. 776,000 bushels- increase. 444.000 bush
els. '
Rye— 1.134;OOO bushels; decrease. 29,000 bushels.
Barley— L 690.000 bushels; decrease, 70,000
bushels.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Feb. s.— Clearings, $444,315; bal
ances, $C 0,398«
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Feb. s.— No. I Walla Walla wheat
is generally quoted around 52@53c. with some
exporters declining to name the latter figure
and mills reported to be paying a cent or more
for heavy stock. Valley nominally, 51@52c,
with nothing offering.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA, Feb. s.— No change in wheat; Club,
Sic; Blue Stem. 63c.
100 Mutual Elec Co 14 00
B0 Honokaa Sugar Co. a 10 29 50
100 Paauhau Sugar Co, s 90 26 25
30 S F Gas & Electric 50 25
40 S F Gas & Electric 50 374
10 S V Water 93 75
Afternoon Session.
10 Alaska Packers 120 00
60 Contra Costa Water 73 75
20 Giant Powder 94 624
$5000 Los Angeles Ry 55..; in:, i;> 3
25 Hutchlnson Sugar 25 574
10 Hawaiian Commercial S6 50
1A O TV'h»aw tit *?t
10 S V Water 93 75
100 Vlgorit Powder 2 874
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
100 National 7 25
60 National 7 50
Afternoon Session. •
Board— • - ..'
200 Burlington 1 0"
250 Home Oil 3 75
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Caribou 95
200 Anaconda »o
Afternoon Session.
Board—
150 Barker Ranch 1 }5
200 Anaconda 55
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock and Exchanze Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Best & Belcher. 36 300 Mexican 31
.100 Con Cal & Va..:l 40 3JO Ophlr «9
150 Confidence 80' 400 Sierra Nevada. 40
300 Gould &. Curry. 23 1 100 Utah 04
Afternoon Session.
250 Belcher 20 200 Crown Point.... 11
400 Best & Belcher 34 200 Mexican 29
100 Challenge 20 200 Potosl 2S
200 Caledonia 51 400 Union Con 27
400 Con Cal & Va..l 40 600 Yellow Jacktt. 19
100 Confidence 74 1
AUCTION SALES
SPECIAL SALE
OF
40 HEAD BROKE HORSES.
1515 MISSION ST.. BET. 11TH AND 12TH.
THIS DAY.
TUESDAY. Feb. 6. at 11 O'CLOCK.
By order of TV. G. PALMER we will sell
¦without reserve or limit. 40 horses. Must b«
sol.l regardless of price.
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of tha
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Tha
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tida
and the last or right hand column gives th«
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on th«
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number glen is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Following: were the sales In the PaciSo Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
EOO Belcher 21 1100 Mexican 30
250 C C & Va....l 424 6CO Ophtr 63
300 Mexican 31 200 Ophlr 70
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 21) 800 Ophir M
200 Best Sc Belcher 35 900 Ophlr (3
200 Chollar 20 200 Potoel 26
300 C C & Va 1 374 600 Potosl 25
150 C C & Va 1 40! 200 Savage 12
200 Crown Point.... 10| 200 Sierra Nevada. 37
600 Mexican 29 j 400 Sierra Nevada. 33
800 Mexican 23! 200 Union Con 2T
100 Ophlr 671
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. Feb. 5—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask.. . Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 03 Kentuck — 02
Alta 02 03 Lady Wash 02 —
Andes 06 07 Mexican 2S 30
Belcher 20 21 [Occidental 14 13
Best & Belchr. 33 34 Ophlr 66 67
Bullion 02 04jOverman 05 Otl
Caledonia 43 44 Potosl 25 2S
Chollar 20 2l|Savage 13 14
Challenge Con. 19 20 [Scorpion 02 —
Confidence 75 — |seg Belcher 02 03
Con Cal & Va.l 35 1 40! sierra Nevada. 35 36
Con Imperial... — 02:siiver Hill — 03
Con New York. — 04 ' St Louis — 07
Crown Point.... 10 12jStandard 180 —
Exchequer — 02:Pyndicate — OS
Gould & Curry. 22 23 [Union Con 2« 27
Hale & Norcrs. 30 31 lUtah 03 04
Julia — 02; Yellow Jacket. IS ID
Justice — 071
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY. FEBRUARY 6
Sun rises 7 ; oj
Sun sets , "" " . 5-33
Moon sets ...(Ist quarter) O:J7 a. m.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Mar. May. July.
Opening 5 104 6 104 6 104
Closing 6 lfti; 5 9% 6 10
Wheat— Feb. May-Aug.
Opening 19 95 2105
Closing 19 75 20 90
Flour-
Opening 26 15 27 40
Closing 25 75 27 20
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Feb. S.— CATTLE— FairIy active,
generally about 10c lower; Texas steers lower;
bulls about steady; butchers' stock and can
ners steady to 10c lower; feeders steady. Good
to choice, $5 25@6 10; poor to medium, $4Jf4 90;
mixed stockers, $3 25@3 95; selected feeders,
$4 20@4 90; good to choice cows, $3 40@4 40;
heifers. $3 15@4 15; canners, $2 20@2 90; bulls.
$2 Uo@4 £0; calves. $4 sO®B 75; fed Texas beeves,
$4@5 16.
HOGS— Active, 24c to 5c higher; top. $4 95;
good clearances. Mixed and butchers. $4 65ig>
4 924; good to choice heavy, $4 80®4 95; rough
heavy. $4 6504 75; light, $4©4 874; bulk of
sales. $4 SO'u" 4 90.
SHEEP— Market weak to 10c lower. Native
wethers, t* 50®5 35; lambs, $5@7 15: Western
wethers. $4 4055 25; Western lambs. $6@7.
Receipts— Cattle, 1S.000; hogs. 3S.0O0; Bheep.
24,000.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. s.— Tin and spelter scored
important advances in to-day's market, and the
list In general showed an Improvement In un
dertone. The firmer feeling was due almost
entirely to strong cables from London. Tin
advanced considerably more than 100 points,
with the demand at the advance brisk. News
from the West was about in line with expec
tations. At the . close the Metal Exchange
called:
PlGlRON— Warrants, dull.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged, at $16 25
TlN— Firm, with $23 85 bid and $29 asked.
LEAD— Unchanged, with $4 70 bid and $4 73
asked.
SPELTER— Firmer, with $4 75 bid and $4 80
asked.
The brokers' price for lead la $4 45, and for
copper $16 25.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Feb. 6.— Consols, 100*4: silver,
27K<1; French rentes, IOOf 70c; wheat cargoes off
coast, nothing doing: cargoes on passage, nom
inal, unchanged; cargoes No. 1 Standard Cali
fornia, 30s 3d; cargoes Walla Walla, 27s 9d;
English country markets, firmer; Import Into
United Kingdom, wheat, 262.000; flour, 195.
000; wheat and flour on passage to Unlte'd
Kingdom, 1,300.000; wheat and flour on passage
to continent, 800,000; Indian shipments of wheat
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady: creamery, 19@24c; dairy,
19Q22c. Cheese, firm; 12' a 13c. Eggs, weak
fresh. 14@144c
THE STOCK MARKET.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Shipping Intelligence.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: No. 3 spring wheat, 644@66%c; No. 2
red, 69'gTOc: No. 2 corn, 32; No. 2 oats, 23'iiif
234 c; No. 2 white. 260; No. 3 white. 25'4@264c;
No. 2 rye. 54c; No. 2 barley, 374@44e; No. 1
fiaxseed, $1 59; Prime timothy seed, $2 45; mesa
pork, per bbl. $5 75®10 10; lard, per 100 lbs.
$5 874@6; short rib sides (loose), $5 75<36; dry
ealted ehouldera (boxed). 6%@6c; short clear
sides (boxed), $5 90©6; whisky, distillers' fin
ished goods, per gallon, $1 234.
CHICAGO, Feb. s.— lt was a dull day In
the wheat pit and a comfortless one for the
bulls. May cpened Me down at 6S%(S6SUc.
Northwest receipts were heavy; the weather
was mild and it was reported that snow
needed to protect the winter crop had fallen
in portions of the belt where it has been long
wanted. Liverpool eased off after an appear
ance of steadiness and Paris was depressed
equal to Is per bushel. These conditions were
the dominant influences of the day. There
was a steady stream of liquidation and little
demand either for futures or cash. For a time
following the opening the market made a little
struggle to hold. May rallying to initial figures
after touching 6Sc. but the struggle was soon
given up. On the decrease In the visible,
which was a bit more than expected, May
advanced from 67% c to 67%(565c, but held for
only a moment. The market sold off from
that point to 67% c and closed weak. May %o
under Saturday at 67H@6"%c.
Corn— The corn market was firm early, but
later eased off in sympathy with wheat. May
closed at the bottom, »»e lower than Saturday.
The trade in oats was small. The market
was steady the greater part of the session,
but eased off near the end in sympathy with
corn. May closed at the bottom. He depressed
from Saturday's close.
Provisions, in spite of the weakness of wheat
and heavy realizing by longs, ruled firm. May
pork closed N>gl2Hc over Saturday; May lard
7%e higher and May ribs sifr7%c Improved.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Cloa.
Wheat No. 2—
February 6574 68 65% 65%
May 6SV; 68^ 67% 67%
July 65% 6STi 68M. 6SH
Corn No. 2—
February SUi 31% 31 81
May 33% 33% 33U 33U
July 31 34V4 33J| 33%
Oats No. 2—
May 23H 234 23% 23%
July 22ii 22% 22ft 22V4
Me6S Pork, per bbl—
May 10 87*4 10 97^ 10 87H 10 97^4
July 10 97»4 11 02^ 10 97V4 11 02V4
Lard. Der 100 lbs—
May 605 6 12ft 605 610
July 6 124 620 6 124 6 174
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May 5 $74 695 6 874 6 924
July 6»5 5 974 595 695
LOCAL MARKETS.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
SUMMARY. OF THE MARKETS.
Silver a fraction lower. Financial quotations undisturbed.
Wheat futures declined. Barley off again.
Oats, Corn and Rye dull and unchanged.
Hay and Feed stuffs as previously quoted.
Beans continue quiet, but firmly held.
Heavy receipts of Potatoes from Oregon. Onions higher.
Butter and Eggs still lower and Cheese weak.
Four cars of Eastern Poultry in. Game zveak and slow.
Oranges sold well at the auction. Lemons firm.
Hides and Tallow weak at tlie noted decline.
No advance yet in- Bacon and Lard.
Hard Hogs scarce. Soft Hogs not wanted.
Codfish advanced all around.
COMERCIAL AND
FINANCIAL NEWS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1900.
35c; Bananas. $1 75®3 per bunch; Pineapples,
$3 50@4 per dozen.. ¦; 'A'-- - !
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes. In sacks. 4%c for
40-50' s. 4@4Hc for 60-60's. 3%c for 60-70* s. «v; c
for 70-80' b, 3c for SO-90's and 2%c for 90-100*8 :
Apricots. Il@l3c for Royals, 12%©1« c for Moor
parks and 12@14c for Blenheims; Peaches. 5%0
6c for Standards. 6%@6%c for choice and 7(ffSc
for fancy; Peeled Peaches, 10@12%c; Evapo
rated Apples, fi©7c; Sun-dried. 6@5%c per lb:
Nectarines, hiiOc; Pears. 3%@4%c for dark and
7(gSc fcr bright halves; Black Figs, 2@2%c:
White Figs. 24?3c: Bleached Plums. B©9c; Un
bleached Plums, 7@7%c for pitted and l%c for
unpltted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice, 9c; standard. 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per lb, B%c; choice, 7%c: standard. 6%c:
prime, sc; unbleached Sultanas. 6c: Seedless,
50-lb boxes. Cc; 2-crown, loose Muscatels. 5%c;
3-crown. 6V*c; 4-crown. 7c: London Layers,
2-crown. $1 50 per box: 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS— Chestnuts. B®9c; Walnuts, B@9c for
Etandatds and 9@loc for softshell; Almonds.
11%@12c for paper-shell, 9@loc for soft and 4&
5c for hardshell; Peanuts, 5%®6%c for Eastern
and 5c for California; Brazil Nuts, 7%®Sc; Fil
berts, 12@12%c; Pecans, lift 13c; Cocoanuts. $4 50
HONEY— Comb. 11%@12c for bright and 10%@
lie for light amber: water white extracted.
7%c: light amber extracted. 7%@7%c; dark, 5%®
6c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c Der lb.
Provisions.
The expected advance in Bacon and Lard has
not yet occurred, but the market la very firm.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9%c per lb for
heavy, 10c for light medium, lie for light, 12c
for extra light and 13%e for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 13@13%c: California
Hams, nominal: Mess Beef. $12 per bbl; extra
Mess, $13; Family, $14; extra Prime Pork, $14 50;
extra clear, $17; Mess, $16; smoked Beeef, Ho
per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%®7c per lb for
compound and 8c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
SUe: 10-lb tins, B%e; 5-lb tins, 9c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 7%@8%0 per lb: 10-lb
tins. 9%c.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Hides and Tallow are weak at the decline
already noted.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
steers. 10%<Sll%c: medium. 9%@10%c; light. 9%c:
Cowhides. 9%©UHc: Stags. 7c: Salted Kip. 9%@
10% c; Calf. 9%®10%c; Dry Hides, sound. 19c;
culls and brands. 15@16c; Dry Kip and Veal.
17c; Dry Calf. 19@20c; Sheepskins, yearlings, 20
©33c each; short Wool. 35@60c each; medium,
70@90c- long Wool, $I®l 25 each; Horse Hides,
$2 25@2 75 for large and 75c@$l for small; Colts,
60c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered 5c per lb; No. 2,
4c: refined, 6%c; grease, 2%@3c.
WOOL—
Fall clip, San Joaquln plains, 9@loc: South
ern. 8@10c; Middle County, ll@13c; Humboldt
and Mendoclno. 17®20c; Eastern Oregon. 13<816c;
Valley Oregon. lS@2oc: Northern Mountain,
free, ll@14c; Northern Mountain, defective. 10@
lie per lb.
HOPS— 7@llc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Soft Hogs are not wanted, and are selling at
about lc under the quotations. Hard Hoffs ar3
in light supply and steady.
BEEF— 6U@7c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— B@lOc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, B@B%c; ewes, go per
pound.
LAMB-.Sprlng, 15c; yearlings. 9@loc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 6%c for small. 6%©5%e for
medium and 5@5%c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders. tS5%c; dressed Hogs, 7©SV4c
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 65: Calcutta
Grain Bags, 7@7%c: Wool Bags, 2S@3oc.
CODFISH— Has been advanced lc per lb In
bundles and cases and %c In strips.
COAL— Wellington. J8 per ton; New Welling
ton. SS; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
V. Bryant, $7; Coos Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, JS;
Co-operative Wallsend, $8; Scotch, ; Cum
berland, $12 In bulk and $13 60 In sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Cannel, $11 per
ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk and $17 In sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. In 100-Ib bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5%c; Pow
dered, 5%c; Candy Granulated. B^ic; Dry Gran
ulated, 6V4c; Confectioners" A, 6%c; Magnolia
A, 4%c; Extra C, 4%c; Golden C. 4%c; barrels,
l-16c more; half-barrels, >.;c more; boxes. Ho
more; 10-Th bags. He more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
Domlnos, half- barrels, s Tic: boxes, 6 Vic per Ib.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. FEBRUARY 5.
Flour, qr sks ... 26.401 Sugar, bbls 42
Wheat, ctls 82.210 Chicory, bbls .... 25
Barley, ctls 2.519 Lime, bbls n
Oats, ctls 1,470 Quicksilver, flsks 23
Butter, ctls 155 Hides, no 353
Cheese, ctls 30 Pelts, bdls 103
Tallow, ctls 474 Leather, rolls ... 43
Beans, sks 670 Wine, gals 34,800
Potatoes. Bks ... 2.017 Eggs, doz 7,950
Onions, sks 344 Wool, bags 6
Bran, sks 300 Straw, tons 40
Middlings, sks .. 575 Hay, tons 623
Sugar, sks 1.400
OREGON..
Flour, qr sks .... 11.163 1 Onions, sks 933
Potatoes, sks ... 9.176 i
The Weekly Call.
61 per Year.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Feb. s.— FLOUR— Receipts. 17.
162 barrels; exports, 18.445; held steady on ad
vances from the mills and showed little change
from Saturday; Minnesota patents, $3 50Q4 10.
WHEAT— Receipts. 32.800 bush; exports, 61.
128. Spot, easy; No. 2 red, 75% c elevator; No. 2
red, 76% c f. o. b. afloat prompt; No. 1 North
ern Duluth. 73% c f. o. b. afloat prompt; No. 1
hard Duluth, 81Hc f. o. b. afloat. Options
opened easy and subsequently made greater
declines on bearish cables from Liverpool and
Paris, together with reports of snow In do
mestic wheat fields since Saturady and there
fore preceding the present cold weather. Trade
was narrow all day, partly foreign celling.
Closed easy, >>i<3%c net decline. May, 74%@
74V4c, closed 74% c; July, 74®74%c, closed 74c.
LEATHER— Steady.
WOOL— Steady.
COFFEE— The market for coffee closed
steady with prices 6 to 15 points net higher.
Total sales were 61.000 bags. Including Febru
ary. I 7 2CHS7 25; March. 17 2507 30- May. |7 40®
7 45; June, 17 4037 60; July. $7 45®7 65; August.
17 60*^7 60; September. *7 SS)JF7 70; October, t~ 60
®7 63 : December. $7 70@7 85. Spot Rio, firm ;
No. 7 Invoice. B%c; No. 7 Jobbing, 9%c: mild,
firm; Cordova. 10<g:i3%c.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, 4c bid; cen
trifugal. 96 test, 4 7-16 c bid; molasses Sugar,
S^ic bid; refined, firm.
BUTTER — Receipts, 7000 packages; firmer;
June creamery. 19©230; Western creamery, 21<3>
26c; factory, 16@lS%c.
EGGS— Receipts 6117 packages; steady at de
cline; Western, I.e. loss off; Western ungraded
at mark, 14@16%c.
DRIED FRUITS.
The market for evaporated apples developed
considerable firmness to-day, owing to good
country advances and large receipts. Prime,
however, remain unchanged. California dried
fruits moderately active and firm but not quot
ably higher.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
61?6Hc; prime, 6%@6%c; choice, 7U@7%c; fancy,
S®9%c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3%©7c per
pound, as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 13*fl5c; Moorpark, 15<S18c.
PEACHES— PeeIed, lSSf22c; unpeeled, 7%@9c
PARIS.
8
p Time Time Time Time
S — Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
?HW LW HW L.W
6 ... 4":0S 5.7 11:13 0.7 5:15 3.7 10:28 Ts
7 ... 5:01 6.7 12:26 0.4 6:22 3.7 11:40 3.1
8 ... 6:03 C.6 1:32 0.1 7:20 3.9
.L W ¦ H W L XV H W
9 ... 0:55 3.2 7:07 6.7 2:28—0.2 8:29 4.3
10... 2:OS 3.2 8:08 6.8 3:13 — 0.3 9:36 4.5
11 ... 3:03 3.0 9:04 5.6 3:53 -4.1 10:20 4.3
NOTE— la the above exposition of th» tides
Steamer. I Frcm.
rcm
>u<
c.
ue.
t
Bcnita Newport
Umatllla Victoria & Puget Sou
Orizaba Humboldt
Samoa Humboldt
A. Blanchard... Coos Bay
Tellus [Oyster Harbor
City of Para... I Panama
Point Arena — 'Point Arena
Pcmona ISan Diego
Matteawan [Tacoma
Jeanle iSeattle
Empire Coos Bay
Aloha [Crescent City
State of Cal (Portland
Alameda Sydney
Tillamook jTHlamoolt Bay
Arcata Cooe Bay
Czarina Puset Sound
Coos Bay Newport
!f,
ind!F<
'F,
m
....!F«
....!f<
z§
...Fi
....iF«
F.
....;f«
....;Fe
.... Fe
"el
>
>
>!
>1
'c!
'c!
>i
>i
>1
?!
-!
>:
¦:'.
•1
c!
-t
•>:
• I
¦h.
¦ft.
•t>.
>\:
¦b.
•d.
•b.
¦b.
•b.
•b.
•b.
3.
•b.
•b.
•b.
tb.
¦h.
n
Queen Victoria & Puget Sou:
Coqullle River.. Grays Harbor
North Fork j Humbold:
11
U
Crescent City... Orescent City
Corona I San Dl?gro
U
Steamer. I Destination.
S,
t ___^
O. Dollar... [Grays Harbor' Feb.
Corona iSan Diego Feb.
North Fork Humboldt Feb.
Columbia .. Portland Feb.
Curacao .... Mexico Feb.
Australia ..'Honolulu jFeb.
Homer [Oregon Ports.: Feb.
Bonlta jSan Pedro jFeb.
City SydneylPanaraa (Feb.
Volumnla ..l Europe (Feb.
A. Blanch'd.Coos Bay Feb.
Orizaba .... Hnmboldt Feb.
Humboldt . Alaska Feb.
Nip. Maru.iOhina&JapanlFeb.
San Pedro. .'Humboldt ;Feb.
Newburg .. Grays Harbor, Feb.
Pomona San Diego [Feb.
Samoa Humboldt 'Feb.
Umatilla ... Vie & Pgt Sd.JFeb.
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena..; Feb.
Arcata |Coos Bay [Feb.
State of Call Portland !Fcb.
Coos Bay...,Newpcrt Feb.
\
«.
7.
7.
-;
7.
S.
s.
8.
8.
S.
9.
5,
9.
9.
10.
IX
R
Ufc
11.
a,
12.
5 pm;
11 im'Plrn 11
9 am Pier t
10 am Pier 2»
10 arnPW 11
2 pm Pier 7
13 am; Pier r>
9 am pier 1 1
1! mPMSd
10 ampler 7
0 pm,Pler 13
2 pm Pier 9
2 pmjPler 13
1 pmPMSS
4 pm|Pler U
5 pmi
11 am [Pier U
10 am Pier 1J
10 am Pier 9
2 pm|Pler I
10 am: Pier 13
19 am Pier 2 1
9 am Pier 11
Steamer. I Frcm.
rcm
>u<
c.
ue.
t
Bcnita Newport
Umatllla Victoria & Puget Sou
Orizaba Humboldt
Samoa Humboldt
A. Blanchard... Coos Bay
Tellus [Oyster Harbor
City of Para... I Panama
Point Arena — 'Point Arena
Pcmona ISan Diego
Matteawan [Tacoma
Jeanle iSeattle
Empire Coos Bay
Aloha [Crescent City
State of Cal (Portland
Alameda Sydney
Tillamook jTHlamoolt Bay
Arcata Cooe Bay
Czarina Puset Sound
Coos Bay Newport
!f,
ind!F<
'F,
m
....!F«
....!f<
z§
...Fi
....iF«
F.
....;f«
....;Fe
.... Fe
"el
>
>
>!
>1
'c!
'c!
>i
>i
>1
?!
-!
>:
¦:'.
•1
c!
-t
•>:
• I
¦h.
¦ft.
•t>.
>\:
¦b.
•d.
•b.
¦b.
•b.
•b.
•b.
3.
•b.
•b.
•b.
tb.
¦h.
n
Queen Victoria & Puget Sou:
Coqullle River.. Grays Harbor
North Fork j Humbold:
11
U
Crescent City... Orescent City
Corona I San Dl?gro
U
Steamer. I Destination.
S,
t ___^
O. Dollar... [Grays Harbor' Feb.
Corona iSan Diego Feb.
North Fork Humboldt Feb.
Columbia .. Portland Feb.
Curacao .... Mexico Feb.
Australia ..'Honolulu jFeb.
Homer [Oregon Ports.: Feb.
Bonlta jSan Pedro jFeb.
City SydneylPanaraa (Feb.
Volumnla ..l Europe (Feb.
A. Blanch'd.Coos Bay Feb.
Orizaba .... Hnmboldt Feb.
Humboldt . Alaska Feb.
Nip. Maru.iOhina&JapanlFeb.
San Pedro. .'Humboldt ;Feb.
Newburg .. Grays Harbor, Feb.
Pomona San Diego [Feb.
Samoa Humboldt 'Feb.
Umatilla ... Vie & Pgt Sd.JFeb.
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena..; Feb.
Arcata |Coos Bay [Feb.
State of Call Portland !Fcb.
Coos Bay...,Newpcrt Feb.
\
«.
7.
7.
-;
7.
S.
s.
8.
8.
S.
9.
5,
9.
9.
10.
IX
R
Ufc
11.
a,
12.
5 pm;
11 im'Plrn 11
9 am Pier t
10 am Pier 2»
10 arnPW 11
2 pm Pier 7
13 am; Pier r>
9 am pier 1 1
1! mPMSd
10 ampler 7
0 pm,Pler 13
2 pm Pier 9
2 pmjPler 13
1 pmPMSS
4 pm|Pler U
5 pmi
11 am [Pier U
10 am Pier 1J
10 am Pier 9
2 pm|Pler I
10 am: Pier 13
19 am Pier 2 1
9 am Pier 11
p Time Time Time Time
S — Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
?HW LW HW L.W
6 ... 4":0S 5.7 11:13 0.7 5:15 3.7 10:28 Ts
7 ... 5:01 6.7 12:26 0.4 6:22 3.7 11:40 3.1
8 ... 6:03 C.6 1:32 0.1 7:20 3.9
.L W ¦ H W L XV H W
9 ... 0:55 3.2 7:07 6.7 2:28—0.2 8:29 4.3
10... 2:OS 3.2 8:08 6.8 3:13 — 0.3 9:36 4.5
11 ... 3:03 3.0 9:04 5.6 3:53 -4.1 10:20 4.3
NOTE— la the above exposition of th» tidesPERISH IN A
BURNING HOME
Fate of Two Wealthy
Brothers.
¦ " ?
PORTLAND, Ind., Feb. s.— William and
John Newton, bachelor brothers, were
burned to death on the home of the
former, one mile west of here, this morn
ing. One body, supposed to be that of
John was found in the cellar. Only a
few bones of the other were found. In
the rear of the ruins were some chairs
and a bundle of papers, which had evi
dently been carried out. No actual evi
dence of foul play has been discovered.
William Newton was 75 years of age
and one of the wealthiest men in the
State, his estate being estimated at $1,500,
000. Both men were eccentric and- lived
in the most frugal manner.
EVIDENCE FOR RODLEY.
Witnesses for the Prosecution Are
Flatly Contradicted.-
OROVILLE, Feb. s.— The Rodley case Is
rapidly drawing to a close. Many wit
nesses were placed on the stand to-day.
Eight of these testified to the character
of the defendant, Dr. Rodley, for truth,
honesty and integrity. All said It was
good. A strong point was made for the
prosecution when It waa shown that the
woman, Mrs. C. Hogan, whom Dr. Rod
ley swore he went to see when he visited
Biggs on February 15, 1898, had been
away from that town for a long time
prior to that date. Her sister and a
friend testified to these facts. She comes
here to-night from Southern California to
swear to the same fact.
A Mrs. L. M. Dunn of Chlco testified
that she was in Dr. Rodley's ofllce when
Colonel Batchelder and his wife were
there, on February IS. ISS3. The colonel
and his wife both testified positively after
her testimony that Mrs. Batchelder did
not go to Chlco on that date, and no
one said the colonel was in the office at
the time of his visit. Mrs. Dunn testi
fied that she had never told a living soul
what her testimony would be; had never
talked It over with her husband. Dr. Rod
ley, his wife.hls attorneys or any one
else. Sheriff Wilson swore that Dr. Rod
ley told him he went to Biggs with a
copy of the Fuller will In his pocket; that
he saw Colonel Batchelder and the latter
advised him to have nothing to do with
it, and then on his way home he tore
it up. -
Saloon-Keeper's Men.
Special Dlopatch to The CalL
SAN RAFAEL. Feb. s.— The Mill Valley
saloon men are jubilant over the victory
they gained to-day over the Tamalpais
Land and Water Company. Judge Angel
lotti to-day sustained the demurrer which
they through their attorneys, Lennon and
Hawkins, filed against the corporation's
complaint, and has thereby gained the
plaudits, of the town's bonifaces. The
company made the stipulation when it
sold the land that no liquor should be
vended thereon. J. H. Mclnness opened
a saloon on a lot purchased from the com
pany, which immediately filed a com
plaint asking that the land be decreed
back to them, as Mclnness had broken the
clause in the contract relating to the sale
of liquor. The coming summer will see
the little town gayly blazing with the
big "V." • - ¦ . ¦¦-^vy--;
Pump Guns Illegal.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN RAFAEL. Feb. s.— lt looks as If
there would be discarded pump guns to
burn in this county to-morrow. Superior
Judge Angellotti to-day rendered a deci
sion upholding the county ordinance pro
hibiting the use of repeating shotguns and
ordering W. A. Marshall, the young man
who undertook to test the ordinance, back
into the custody of Sheriff Taylor. Mar
shall's attorney states that he will carry
the matter before the Supreme Court.
Petrified Bear's Leg.
SALINAS. Feb. 6.— A peculiar petrifac
tion Is astonishing the residents as well
as the scientists of this city. There Is on
exhibition at the ofHce of L. H. Garrtgan
on Gabllan street. the petrified lower hind
leg ajid paw of a bear. The specimen,
which stands about fifteen Inches high. Is
very distinct in its outlines and shape.
and was found In the Arroyo Seco coun
try about ten days ago by Thomas Joy.
Sues the Railroad.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, Feb. 5.— W. A. Reynolds ,
through Attorneys E. Myron Wolfe and"
John S. Partridge, to-day brought suit
against the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company and the Stockton Electric Street
Railway Company for $25,300 damages,
sustained by the killing of his wife. Mrs.
F. Elizabeth Reynolds, by a Southern Pa
cific train last May.
Thomas A. Edison Ill.
AKRON, 0., Feb. s.— Thomas A. Edison
Sr. is quite seriously 111 In this city. The
great Inventor has been attending the
funeral of a sister at Milan. 0., and ar
rived in this city Sunday, taking imme
diately to his bed. The physicians pro
claim his illness to be acute- laryngitis.
Free Library Opens.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ. Feb. 6.— The Santa Cruz
Free Library, after being closed for two
weeks, reoc^ned to-day In newly appoint
ed quarters In the new Williamson &
Garrett buildingr.
MISS LEAH HARRIS
TO WED M. MARKS JR.
Tivoli.
The popularity of "The Tdol's Eye," now
playing at the Tivoli, is attested by the
fact that last night it entered the third
week. The next bill for the Tivoli is the
comedy opera "Manila Bound."
Lloyd-Smith Concert To-Night.
Mrs. Adelaide Lloyd-Smith will sing for
the first time in this city at the Sherman
& Clay Hall this evening. She Is a dra
matic soprano who has studied under
Mmc Marchesl and Etillio Barrlll. the
half-b-other cf Adelina Patti. She will be
assisted by the Minettl string quartet and
Cantor E. J. Stark, barytone. The pro
gramme includes numbers by Mendels
sohn, Verdi, Arditl, Schumann, Biachop,
Grieg and Yon Weber. The audience
promises to be a large and fashionable
one. '
It will coet New York City rjjcUast SS,-
000 to comply with tha nw:ffEnary elec-
tion law.
Final Account in Titus Estate.
OAKLAND, Feb. s.— The final account
of Frank F. Titus as ertecutor of the will
of the late ' Daniel Titus, approved by
Judge Greene to-day, | shows the receipts
were $5U68 79; the expenditures $35,63 a 49.
DanteF Titus died July 16, 1593. By. the
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcejio.**
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Bat. at 9:15
a m.: 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. nlsht); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and S:30; Sundays. 10:30 a, m., 3
t» m. Landing and offlce. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. t. Telephon« Main 1503.
FARE ..» < «*• «»».* B*l
Died From a Criminal Operation
Dr. Leland held an autopsy on the body
of Mrs. Manuela Davalos, who died at her
home, 1904 Mason street, on Monday, and
found that the woman's death was due to
a criminal operation. The autopsy was
held last night at: the request of the hus
band, who reported that a physician hav
ing offices on Kearny street performed the
operation. The police are now Investigat
ing the case and It Is believed that the
physician will be taken into custody this
morning.
Fruit-Growers Combining.
HAYWARDS, Feb. s.— Another meeting
of the f rait growers of Eden Township
was held Saturday afternoon in the Town
Hall. It was attended by a large number
of people interested, who are enthusiastic
for State organization. H. W. Meek, one
of the members of the recently organized
association, was present and said that the
large growers were rapidly joining. Over
1000 acres of fruit in this vicinity has been
contracted for by the association, and It
is expected that at least three-fourths of
the total will soon be secured by that or
ganization. __'_.'¦ *-,
More Estate Being Settled.
Elizabeth Miller, administratrix of the
estate of the late A. P. More, filed an ap
plication with Judge Coffey yesterday for
leave to sell all of the remaining per
sonal property of the estate, valued at
about $28,000. In order to pay the remain
ing -demands against the estate. Und«?r
Mrs. Miller's schedule there Is yet dv» to
the heirs over $15,003. $13,640 is due the
creditors and $12,445 80 is due the State
under the collateral inheritance tax If
the court grants Mrs. Miller's petition a
big step toward the final settlement of
the estate will have been effected.
SHOT HIMSELF TO DEATH.
Suicide Used Same Kind of Weapon
as Amy Murphy and It Pro
duced a Similar Wound. v
N. Schmidt, a laborer, residing at 634
Pacific street, cpmmltted suicide by
shooting himself in the head in the door
way of J. R. Lafontalne's printing estab
lishment, at 603 Merchant street, last
night. Despondency Is supposed to have
been the cause of his act.
The pistol used by Schmidt was the ex
act' counterpart of the one which Is sup
posed to have been purchased and used
by Amy Murphy. It was a 38-caliber
American double action of a cheap make.
Dr. Lealand examined the suicide's
wound and pronounced it similar to the
one inflicted in Miss Murphy's head.
Three deep gaahes opened near where the
bullet entered. The similarity of pistols
and wounds will be called to the attention
of the jury in the Murphy case.
DECEASED COLLEAGUE
CAUSED ADJOURNMENT
OAKLAND, Feb. s.— The City Council
met v to-night but adjourned after a few
moments' session out of respect to the de
ceased Councilman, Charles H. Kranim.
A committee, consisting of Messrs. Schaf
fer. Mott and Rowe, was appointed to
draft resolutions in honor of the deceased,
to be submitted for adoption next
Wednesday night,' until which time the
Council adjourned. A committee wad also
appointed to secure carriages for the City
Councllmen and heads of the various de
partments to attend the funeral, next
Wednesday afternoon. „:, ;-.
HE WILL EXPERIMENT
SOON WITH TOBACCO
LIVERMORE, Feb. 5.— 8. V. Zaballe,
the cigar manufacturer, Is going to ex
periment in the raising of leaf tobacco of
a fine grade/ He has studied the condi
tions and thinks the soil and climate suit
able for the growth of such a quality.
By an arrangement entered Into with
Lorenzo Marlni, a rancher two and a half
miles south of here, the latter person will
set out 10.000 plants the coming season.
The varieties will Ibo ! Tennessee Red,
White Burley, Ohio Seed Leaf, Zimmer
Spanish and Yellow Prior.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Special Dispatch to The Call
WASHINGTON, 'Feb. s.— The Senate
Committee on Commerce has' reported fa
vorably the bill of Senator Perkins, with
some amendments, to prevent dangers to
navigation from rafts on the Pacific
Ocean. The bill permits raft-towing
wholly within Puget Sound or any bay or
river connecting with the Pacific Ocean.
It is believed the bill will accomplish the
purposes desired without interfering with
raft-towing between the places where the
logs are cut and the sawmills.
Representative Kahn to-day Introduced
a bill authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay the legal representatives
of Margaret A. Russell of San Francisco
the market value of 107,246 pounds of augur
destroyed at Vicksburg. Miss.
Thomas Silk was to-day appointed Post
master at Forestville, Sonoma County,
vice F. U. Clark, resigned.
Pensions for Californlans— Original-
Aaron Edinger. Lo6 Angeles, $8; Hiram
Olem, Watsonville, $6. Restoration and in
crease — Thomas Learn, dead, Somersville,
$6 to $12. Increase — Charles McGoldrlck,
•Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $8 to $12;
Santiago de la Guerra, Santa Barbara, $8
to $10. Original widows, etc.— Ann Learn,
Somersvllle, $8.
Oregon— Orignal— David M. Hampton,
Monmouth, $6; James -T. CargilU Weston,
55. Special, January 25— Russel B. John
eton. Myrtle Creek. $6. Increase— Albert
Calkins Roseburg, $6 to SlO.
Washington— Original— Francis Bartei,
Mount Vernon, $6: Alexander L. Morton,
Soldiers' Home. Orting. $12; William V.
Rinehart. Seattle, $8.. Renewal and reis
sue— James E. Harris. Dayton, $6 to-JS.
Reissue — Joseph H. Forbes, Vancouver, $3.
DESERTING SPOUSES
WHO FAIL TO APPEAR
OAKLAND, Feb. s.— Defaults were en
tered to-day In the divorce suits of Marie
Rosebro against Walter E. Rosebro and
Amy Wilson against Anton W T ilson, both
brought on the ground of desertion. The
Rosebros were married In 1595. The hus
band "is described,as an able-bodied con
ductor in San Francisco, earning $75
monthly wages; and In June, IS9B. he de
serted his wife. He has never* appeared
or filed answer In the suit. The Wilsons
were married January 4, 18S9, and in 1897
the husband deserted his wife and four
children. Both cases were referred to
Court Commissioner Babcock to take tes
timony. ' . ,
EXPANSION OPPOSED
IN SENATE AND HOUSE
WASHINGTON, Feb. s.— Senator Caf
fery of Louisiana, In a discussion of the
Philippine question In the Senate to-day,
broke new ground in developing his posi
tion as an anti-expanslonlst. In response
to a question as to what, in the present
circumstances, he would do with the Fili
pinos, he said with characteristic cour
age of conviction:
"Turn them loose as soon as we can
get rid of them. That would be better
for them and infinitely better for us."
Caffery's argument was mainly a dis
cussion of the constitutional question. He
maintained that the constitution extended
absolutely over the Filipinos, and that
they were entitled to all the rights and
privileges of citizens of the United States
guaranteed by the constitution.
The Democrats of the House continued
their assaults upon. the Philippine policy
of the administration diirlng the general
debate upon the diplomatic and consular
appropriation bill to-day. Two speeches
were made by Democratic members of
the Foreign Affairs Committee— Dinsmore
of Arkansas and Champ Clark of Mis
souri—opposing the retention of the isl
ands. The speech of Clark, which lasted
almost two hours, was a notable effort,
replete with unique epigrams, and at
tracted much attention. No Republican
spoke In defense of the administration to
day. • ¦
Slbley of Pennsylvania, who was elected
as a Democrat but who made a speech
last week defending expansion, was goad
ed to-day into the announcement that the
Democrats could consider his seat con
structively on the Republican side.
Nevada City's Postmaster.
WASHINGTON, Feb. s.— The Senate to
day confirmed the nomination of I*.. S.
Catkins to be Postmaster at Nevada City,
Cal. : ;. ';
DEATH OF R. S. DUNCAN,
SCOTTISH-AMERICAN
AL-AMEDA, Feb. 6.— Robert S. Duncan,
who was prominently identified with all
the Scottish-American societies of Cali
fornia, died this morning at the residence
of his father-in-law, J. C. Bates, 2165 Cen
tral avenue. Death was due to appendi
citis.
Mr. Duncan was born In Scotland
thirty-five years ago. He came to Cali
fornia when quite young. He was inter
ested in the firm of J. M. Duncan & Son
of San Francisco, was a member of the
Caledonian Club and a leader In its af
fairs. He also belonged to Clan Fraser,
Order of Scottish Clans, and was district
deputy of the Ancient Order of United
Workmen, with which he had long been
connected. He was married a little over
a year ago to Miss Caroline Bates, daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Bates.
The funeral will take place Wednesday
from Alcazar Hall. San Francisco, at 2
o'clock, and will be conducted by the
United Workmen. A short service will
be held at the residence at 11 o'clock.
INCENDIARY AT
WORK IN NAPA
Second Attempt Made to
Burn a School.
Special Dispatch to The Call
NAPA, F^eb. s.— Another attempt was
made Sunday night by a fire fiend to burn
down the Central public school building
here, but the plans miscarried. This is
the second time that the torch has been
applied to this handsome structure, the
first being In the early part of last De
cember. The public schools opened to
day after a six weeks' vacation, and
Janitor Hoover went to the building at
about 7 o'clock to get things in readiness
for the day's work. As the Janitor was
entering the building on the north tide
he noticed a piece of paper sticking out
of a ventilator leading to the basement on
the north side.
Hoover investigated and soon found that
the paper and wood had been saturated
with coaloll over a space of five feet. On
the ground were also found many bunches
of burned matches. Hoover investigated
further and found more evidence of the
attempted crime on the south side of tbe
building. Here a ventilator had been
broken and more coaloil had been throv/n
on the building. Beneath this an empty
bottle that had contained coaloil was
found. The matter has caused ffrc«it
alarm, and if the guilty party Is caught
he will be severely dealt with.
There always has been a suspicion that
the first attempt was the work of a fire
bug, and the local detectives have been
at work on the case quietly, for the last
two months, but have been unable to pet
any clew of the criminal. It is thought
that local parties are the guilty ones, and
a sharp lookout is being kept now for the
fiend. A high north wind was blcwir^g
last night and if the fire had started noth
ing could have saved the building.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
1 Steamers leave Broadway
h^ wharf. San Francisco:.
|HW_^ For Alaskan ports. 10 ft. m .
ragS^^. Feb. 5. 10. 13, 2i>. 2Z. Mir. J.
KBc4« l| r2\- >A Chang? to company's ste.im-
KwKßgi Va^ For Victoria, Vancouver.
Q|jtSC«2<S» (B. C), Port Townseml.
r^^SSSfilrt Seattle. Tacoma. Everett.
An«cort<>3 and New What-
com (Wash.). 10 a. m.. Feb.
5. 10 15. 20. 23 Mar. 1 and every fifth day
thereafter; change at Seattle to this company' s
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma
to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). J D. m.. Feb.
8. 8, 13. IS. 2J. 28. Mar. 5. and every fifth day
thereafter. _
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford <San Luis Obispo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport. 3
a. m.. Feb. 4. 8, 12. 14. 20. 24. 28, Mar. 4. and
very fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port Los
Angeles and Bedondo (Los Angeles). 11 a. m..
Feb. B. «. 10. 14, M. J2. M. Mar. 2, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, Baa Jose del
Cabo Maaatlan. Altata, La Pax. Santa Roaaiia
and Guaymas (Mex.X 10 a. m.. 7th of each
For further Information obtain company"*
folder.
The company reserves th« right to cnanK<»
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing,
without devious notice.
TICKET OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
Etreet (Palace Hotel.) -
GOOOALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Arts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
SEVERAL MASONS
OF HIGH DEGREE
OAKLAND, Feb. 6.— The thirty-third
degree was conferred upon the following
Masons yesterday: Frank Koenig. San
Francisco; "W. Jacob Smith, San Fran
cisco; Benjamin Welch, Sacramento;
Charles J. Wllletts, Los Angeles; W. T.
Hamilton, Oakland, and David "WV Stan
deford, Oakland. The work was done by
the Supreme Council under the direction
of Sovereign Grand Commander Thomas
H. Caswell. There were in attendance the
following thirty-third degree members:
Thomas H. Caswell, sovereign grand com
mander; James B. Merritt, lieutenant
grand commander; "W. A. Davis, grand
prior; E. C. Atkinson, chancellor; Charles
L. J. \V. Pierce, gTand minister of state;
W. M. Petrie, secretary general; "William
Fllmer, , treasurer general; Samuel W.
Levy. gTand almoner; Frank B. Hill,
grand auditor; Edwin A. Sherman,
grand constable; E. R. Hedges, grand
chamberlain; Henry A. Cllne, rirst grand
esquire; Thad A. Kent, second grand
esquire; C. E. Gillett, grand guard, and
Webb N. Pierce, F. L. Jones, R. de Clalr
mont, Charles A. W. Wagner and N. W.
Spaulding.
SIOK HIAOAOHi
Positively cnxed by tHeso
.Little Pills.
Tcey also relieve Distress frora Dyspeprfa*
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per*
feet remedy far Dizziness, Nausea, DrOT-if-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the £owd3. Purely Vegetable. s
Small Pin. Small Dose.
6maH Price*
BOSTONIANS IN
THE NEW OPERA
BY MINKOWSKY
Mary Hampton Joins
the Alcazar.
EXTRAVAGANZA AT THE GRAND
CLEVER ACTS AT THE ORPHETJM
NEW AND OLD.
_ »—
Tivoli Continues Its Success, "The
Idol's Eye"— French Farce at
the California and Melo
drama at Alhambra.
. £ •
The Bostonians had their, annual picnic
at the Columbia last night. All smartdom
wan there and the audience was friendly
to its favorites In the same old way. Sea
son after season they have sung at us In
old operas and new with new singers and
old, and the latter at least are always sure
of our approbation. Barnabee, Mac Donald
and Frothingham all came in for a good
natured greeting and warbled and acted
in the same familiar way. It is not a very
good way surely, but it seems to please
as much as It ever did, and the faith of
the public Is undiminlshed.
I should per-aps exempt Frpthlngham,
for in his way he is clever and amusing,
but Mac Donald. who never could sing, is
now absurd when he makes the attempt,
and Barnabee, ripe In years, but still
fresh in favor, peems to depend entirely
upon his reputation which he earned a
very long time ago and has since spent.
The Bostonians have never had but one
real singer in the male department, Tom
Karl, and aside from him they have ever
been notorious for their bad tenors, of
whom the present treble trespasser Is
probably the "weakest. His name is Frank
Rushworth.
Helen Bertram has a good carrying
voice that from its hard quality ought to
¦withstand a great deal of hard usage. She
has grace and spirit, however, and acts
with a whiff that is delightful. Mlsa
Marcia Van Dresser was beautiful and
hoarse, and the management craved the
indulgence of the audience for her mis
chance. She seems to have a fair con
tralto voice, which she produces badly
from the roof of her mouth, but she Is
exceedingly good to look upon and wears
some stunning costumes well.
The opera last night was important lo
cally and generally. "The Smugglers of
Badayez," by Glacomo Minkowsky, some
time a San Franciscan, has a great deal
of musical merit in It. There are some
flaws in the composition, but they He for
the most part in the plot and libretto. The
music is admirable. The overture was de
cidedly encouraging and the orchestration
throughout is of a surprisingly high order
of art. Its tone is decidedly superior to
the book of which it is the setting, and
belongs properly to a more elevated plane
than that of a comic opera. Mr. Mln
kowsky's intention. I understand, was to
compose a romantic opera and his music
has been made to fit a rather trashy sub
stitute for the original. This has Involved
an alteration of the tempi in many places
and a general distortion of the serious
musical purpose of the work.
There is a flavor of the young Italian
school about "The Smugglers," and the
treatment of the vocal and instrumental
elements is decidedly modern In certain
passages. This is notably so In the two
duets between tenor and soprano, which
are strongly suggestive of Puccini's "La
Boheme." In sharp contrast to this well
made music there are a number of cheap
songs that hark back to the worst comio
opera traditions. A stupid trio and a
senseless quartet that smack of burlesque
and an occasional gag song thrown in for
good measure and bad taste. Some of the
music lingers with one by reason of Its
swing and melody. A march In the first
act and a waltz song In the second have
all the elements of popularity, and tho
finale of this act Is, although rather com
monplace, decidedly meritorious.
Mr. Mlnkowsky's opera Is musically In
genious and familiarity with It would dis
cover much to admire. The performance
by the Bostonlans is a secondary consid
eration. It Is not good, but it does not
seriously offend.
PORTER GARNETT.
Alcazar.
Mary Hampton made her first appear
ance as leading lady last night at the Al
cazar Theater in Edwin' Milton Royle's
comedy-drama, "Friends," and the en
thusiastic manner in which she was re
ceived by the large audience must have
been exceedingly gratifying to her. At
the close of each act the curtain had to
be raised several times, and friends and
admirers showered her with floral trib
utes. She scored a genuine success in
the part of Marguerite Otto, which gave
full scope to her clear and sympathetic
voice and graceful diction. #
Ernest Hastings and Charles Bryant as
the two "friends" did full justice to their
parts and came In for a proportionate
measure of the applause. Howard Scott
made a hit in. the character part of Hans
Otto, the drunken old man, and received
a special call before the curtain after the
close of the third act. Jeffrey Williams
was good as John Paden Sr., a business
man, and George P. Webster was at home
as the villain. Laura Crews. Marie Howe,
Miss Vaughan and Emily Wakeman com
pleted the excellent cast.
Alhambra.
"The opening night of "London Life" on
Sunday evening at the Alhambra Theater
brought with It a full house, and the repe
tition of the performance last evening was
satisfactory to the management. The
play, a melodrama. Is new and comes to
this city at a time when this class of pro
ductions is most It is full of
touching scenes, interspersed with laugh
able situations.
As the name implies, "London Life" la
laid in the big city and illustrates life in
the upper, middle and lower strata of
society. The attractive feature lies in the
fact that the play Is clean, and while
there Is a moral to It, the moral does not
depend for its strength upon the downfall
of a woman.
The cast is all new to this city, recently
arriving from New York via Portland and
the northern circuit. The members of the
company have their lines well In hand.
Next week the Alhambra will produce the
original pictures of the Jeffreys-Sharkey
championship fight.
Orpheum.
The usual "standing room only" sign
was hung out at the Orpheum last night,
and the big audience appeared to thor
oughly enjoy every feature of the bill,
Judging from the applause, Michell, the
colored acrobatic comedian, started the
laughter, and there waa no cessation of
the merriment from that time until the
flnal drop of the curtain, except of course
when Paplnta and the acrobatic gym
nasts held the boards. Paplnta, as usual,
was enthusiastically applauded. The
Sohlkes, In their novelty dances, assisted
by their five little so-called "archipela
gbans." made a decided hit, while Irene
Franklin, the singing soubrette: Bruett
and Riviere, tho French duetlsts and
mimics, and Mr. and Mrs. Perkins
Fisher, the comedy artists, came In for
their full share of applause. The bio
graph will show an entire new series of
pictures, beginning to-night. .
Grand Opera-House.
"Aladdin Jr." opened the week with a
big house and the encores kept the show
going until a late hour. The extravaganza
is replete with song and dance specialties,
the Hawaiian quintet and little Maud Sar
enson being the favorites. Bella Hart
made her first appearance and Justified
the predictions of hor friends that she
will make a good soubrette with a little
more study and experience. Edith Mason
never appeared to better advantage than
in the songs, "The Sweetest Story Ever
Told" and "Love's Sorrow." Hattie Belle
Ladd's "Message of the Rose" and "I
Wants Ma Honey Back Again"as well as
Bessie Fairbalrn's "Arrah Go- On." were
deservedly encored. The piece closes with
a gorgeous transformation scene. It ought
to be good for a two weeks' run.
Chutes.
At the Chutes Theater last night Doug
lass and Ford, a' neat and eccentric sons
And dance team, occupied the stage for
and Electric Company for lighting and repair-
Ing lamp posts and lamps for January, and
$8374 20 for lighting electric arc lamps; res
olutions denying the petition of A. Gold- .
berg for $417 10 alleged damage to his prop
• erty by a mob on April «, ISS9; ordinance
, allowing Civil Service Commission two
clerks at $100 and $75 per month.
Stephen Potter was appointed stenogra
pher for the Investigation of water and
gas rates at |10 per diem and 20 cents a
folio for transcribing.
The "board adjourned until next Thurs
day night, when it will meet as a com
mittee of the whole to take the testimony
of the president of the Spring Valley
Water Works for the purpose of fixing the
water rates for the next fiscal year.
PETITIONS RECEIVED.
The following petitions were received and re
ferred to the proper committees:
North Central Improvement Club, for an
electric lisrbt at the crossing of Sansome and
Washington streets; property-owners, for an
electric light at the corner of Twenty-first and
Worth streets; Martha Mortlgia, fpr permission
to erect and maintain a post and glass sign In
front of »25 Broadway; A. Casing, for permis
sion to maintain posts and awning in front of
fruit store at northwest corner of Union and
Buchanan streets; E. A. Fischer, for permis
sion to erect electric sitn and bill
boards In front of Oberon Concert
Hail. 32 O'Farrell street; Belasco &
Thall. for permission to maintain an
electric sign In front of the Alcazar Theater:
Bernard, requesting that Gray Bros.' per
mit for blasting, etc., on Telegraph Hill, be
tween Green and Sansome streets, be revoked;
property-owners, protesting against the main
tenance of a stpam boiler at the southwest cor
ner of Sixteenth and Guerrero streets; prop
erty-owners residing north from Cortland ave
nue and east from Virginia avenue, asking to
be supplied with means of obtaining water for
household purposes; property-owners, seeking to
prohibit the dumping of dirt at the westerly
end of Henry street, above Castro, and call
ing attention to the nuisance resulting from
the lark of a sewer In Tilden street; City Street
Improvement Company, for permission on he
half of property-owners. to repave with
bitumen the roadway of Post street.
between Kearar street and Grant avenue.
anJ the roadway of Second street, between
Market and Mission; property-owners and
residents, asking for the removal of the
old buildings and oil tanks occupied and held
by the San Francisco Brick Company on States
street, between Sixteenth and Seventeenth.
Castro and Douglass streets, the same consti
tuting a nuisance and obstruction and a
menace to life and limb; Real Estate
and Development Company, against granting a
franchise to the Bay and Coast Railway Com
pany to operate a steam railway along Santa
Clara or Seventeenth street and Connectlcult
street, thence northerly to Center, to Six
teenth street, to Eighth street, etc.; property
owners, for the abatement of the nuisance, to
wit., one sausage factory 'at 214 Twelfth street;
property-owners, for chancing the grades of
the crossing cf North Point and Webster
streets, the crossing of Fillmore and North
Point streets, and North Point street, west of
Buchanan: Federation of Mission Improve
ment Clubs, asking that the sum of $75,000 be
placed in the street fund for the improvement
of various county roads, and the sum of $50.
000 for a City and County Hospital, these sums
to be taken from the $125,000 appropriated for
the purchase cf St. Mary's Park.
REFERRED TO BOARD OF WORKS.
The following: matters were referred to the
Board of Public Works for Investigation and
action:
Petition of tRe Sunnyslde- District for repairs
to county roads; petition of resident* of Fair
mount Trart for the opening of St. Mary' 8
avenu* across the Southern Pacific railroad to
Arlington street; petition of John Sullivan for
permission to remove a building from Ninth
street, between Bryant and Prannan. to Bran
nan *tre*t. between Eighth and Ninth: petition
of Flinn & Treaey for permission on behalf of
property-owners to pave with bitumen Jackson
Etreet. between Lyon street and Central ave
nue, and to construct a sewer therein; peti
tion of property-owners for repairing Webb
street, between Sacramento and California;
petition of Preclta. Valley ImDr^>vement Club
for stone flagging at the crossings of Foli>om
and Twenty-sixth streets, and Alabama and
Twenty-sixth streets; petition of the Holly
Park and Mi?slr>n-Mreet Improvement Club for
the -opening of Rlchland avenue and East Park
street to Andover avenue: petition of the Sun
nyslde District Pmfrresslve Improvement Club
for repairing- Sannyslde avenue, Edna and
Baden streets, damaged by recent rains.
DISCLOSURES
LOOM UP AT
COUNTY JAIL
Women at the Mercy
of "Trusties."
SUPERVISORS ARE APPRISED
»
FEMALE PRISONERS ARE NOT
SEARCHED.
>
Crying Need of a Matron in the In
terest of Morality Depicted by
Mrs. Olney of Oakland
Club. •
Oakland Office San Francisco Call. '
90S Broadway. Feb. 6. •
A startling condition of affairs about
the conduct of the County Jail developed
before the Board of Supervisors to-day.
It was shown that female offenders when
brought to the prison are not usually
searched, and it would be an easy matter
for female accomplices of male prisoners
to smuggle opium, whisky and even tools
with which to accomplish a jail delivery
into the Institution without detection.
The need of a matron at the County Jail
had just been called to the attention of
the board by a communication from the
Oakland Club, an organization represent
ing some 200 of Oakland's most prominent
and influential women. The communica
tion waa signed by President Mrs. Alice
Bunnell, Secretary Miss L. Barker and
Katherine E. Felton, Mrs. Mary Tracy
Mott, Mrs. C. M. Olney, Mrs. L. TV. Cur
tis and Susan J. Fenton, M. D. They rec
ommended the appointment of Mrs Dr.
Rice to the position of matron.
Mrs. C. M. Olney said: "There ought to
be a matron at the Jail in the interest of
morality." There are now four girl pris
oners under the age of 20 years, with no
one to urge them to lead better lives.
"Female prisoners," continued Mrs. Ol
ney, "are really at the mercy of the
'trusties.' " She declared she knew that
"trusties" frequently go into the women's
ward.
"If the Sheriff permits this," responded
Supervisor Church, "he is certainly not
doing what is proper."
Sheriff Rogers and Chief Jailer Schoenau
were sent for. In answer to questions
they stated that it was not customary for
"men trusties" to visit the women's ward,
"but," remarked Schoneau. "at times I
have allowed the head 'trusty* to take
coal and wood to the women's cell. At
other times the 'trusty* is usually accom
panied by a Deputy Sheriff." As to
whether it Is customary to search female
prisoners when they first arrive at the
jail. Jailer Schoenau said: "It is not cus
tomary to search the women: only when
I have any suspicion I call in Mrs. Taylor,
the wife of Deputy Jailer Taylor, who re
sides at the jail, and I ask her to search
the woman."
Sheriff Rogers was not adverse to hav
ing a matron appointed, but assumed that
if such an appointment is to be made he
should be consulted, aa he considered it
his province to make the appointment. It
is intimated that if the Sheriff is to make
the appointment his choice will be Mrs.
Taylor, who has resided at the County
Jail building ever since her husband's ap
pointment as deputy Jailer.
The matter was temporarily disposed of
by referring to the District Attorney for
an opinion the question of the board's
right to grant the Oakland Club's petition
for a matron and order the claims for
such service paid. On these points the
Attorney will report at the next meeting.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1900.
ORDER IMPOSING
TAX ON 'PHONES
FINALLY PASSED
City Will Derive Big
Revenue.
SAVE ST. MARY'S PARK FUND
?
RESOLUTIONS OF SYMPATHY
WITH BOERS ADOPTED.
*
Protest Filed by Gabriel Printing
Company Against Awarding
Contract to a Finn Other
Than Lowest Bidder.
The ordor imposing a tax of ">fl cents per
quarter on each nickel-in-the-slot tele
phone wa? finally passed by a unanimous
vote at yesterday's meeting of th<? Board
of Supervisor*. The. order now needs but
the signature of the Mayor to become a
law, and as he has expressed himself in
favor of licensing the telephones It Is a
forepone conclusion that he will affix his
name to a measure which in the opinion
of all right minded cltixens is a just one.
As the order now stands the city will be
enriched annually in the sum of $36,000.
there being abcut IR.OOO 'phones with
nickel bozea in actual use. Before the
vote was taken en the adoption Supervisor
Reed, chairman of the Public Utilities
Committee, desired that the order be re
committed to the License Committee, In
order that Investigation regarding th* In
come of the con>pany could be made and
a tax commensurate with it imposed.
"It Feems to me," paid Reed, "that 50
cents a quarter is rather low. I under
stand that the former order, which his
Honor vetoed, carried with it a tax of fl
per quarter."
The Mayor explained that the 536..XK1 to
he derived by the order would amount to
3 per cent on an Investment of $I^o,ooo.
Comte desiretl the immediate pass&fe of
the order, on the ground that any delay
would cause the city to lose so much rev
enue. On moticn to recommit Brandcn
stfln end P.eed voted aye. but joined their
colleagues In vctlr.g for the flnal passage
of the order.
The following resolutions were intrc
duced by Reed for the purpose of frus
trating any attempt to divert the appro
priation for 6t. Mary's Park to liquidat
ing the deficit with which the city is con
fronted:
Whereas. On the first flay of January, j
lK<o. the funds of the city and county pro
vided by the tax levy of the fiscal year vrere |
overdrawn to the amount of $135,230 f2; and
Whf-reas. It has been r.<urposed to remedy
such deficiency by applying the $115,000 in
the treasury levied for the ac<ruisition of
l^t. Mary's Tark to the payment of current
• xpenses, notwithstanding the act <Statr
ute« o£ 1559. p. 361) under which the said
$123. < V») xias levied provides that the revenue
so obtained "shall be applied to no other use
or pazpOMTTi and
Whereas. The act of ISS9 is the same act
under which the park b^nd election of De
eexober 2*. ISSS. wes held, and the impalr
tnest ft it? provisions in relation to St.
Utrfi Park will necessarily constitute an
»•• ¦ >•. ujic.n the park bonds as well; and
Whereas, It is reasonable to suppose, and
members of the board have been informed
that l^al proceedings will be commenced
turainn the city by interested citizens en
1 ining the app^iyriation of the said $125,000
lor any other purpose than for the acquisi
tion of Pt. Mary's Park, thus withdrawing
the raid fund from- the control of the munci
pality pending a decielon by the Supreme.
Court; therefore be it
Uenolved. That It is the sense of the Board
of ?cj*nif=ors that the money now in the
tr^acurj' tat the purpose of acquiring St.
:.:..-:.- Park should not be used for any
other rurfow, and the Finance Committee
. is directed to devise ways and means to cur
tail the expenses of the government and pre
; vent a deficit at the end of the fiscal year
Dtber than by an appropriation of the funds
devoted to the purchase of St. Marv"s Park.
During the discussion of Reed's resolu
tion, which was referred to the Judiciary
Committee, the Mayor took occasion to
deny an article published In a morning
pap^r to the effect that he and the last-i
iinard of Supervisors had pledged them- I
polvrs in writinp to the appropriation for
the purchase of St. Mary's Park. He
stated that he had never so pledged him- 1
pelf and also denied that he had recom- j
mended that the license on liquor saloons '
he Increased to $600 a year, which state- I
merit had also been attributed to him. He !
concluded by a gentle admonition to the
reporters to be more careful In the future.
The following resolutions of sympathy
with the Boers were presented by Super
visor Curtis and adopted; Brandensteln,
Hotaling, Jennings, McCarthy. Reed and
£anderfcon voting no:
Whereas. The flag under which we live
proclaims and the constitution, wlfich is the
Inundation of our Government, guarantees
to every citizen of this commonwealth the
fullest and highest measure of political and '
moral liberty; and
Whereas, We, ar citizens of this great re
public, knowing and appreciating the price
less value of liberty, should and do desire
thct all peoples and all nations should be
partaken! with v* of its benefits: and
Whereas, A sturdy race of liberty loving
. peo;.le ts at present engaged in a magnificent
an.! unconquerable struggle for ; freedom
apainst the most colossal and avaricious
empire in the world; therefore be it
liesolved. That we, the Board of Supervi
sors of the City and County of San Fran
cisco, in regular meeting assembled, do
hereby extend our heartiest sympathy and
good wishes to- the Boers of the Transvaal
and Orange Tr^e Ptate in their present glo
rious strurgle for freedom:
Resolved. That w* condemn as subversive
of all true liberty the unjust and cruel war
fare now being waged by the British em
pire against a people vastly inferior to her
in magnitude and resources. And that we
heartily admire and commend the brave
I*oers on the brilliant stand they have thus
far marie against an overwhelming foe, and
we earnestly hope for a speedy termination
cf their gallant struggle and the establish
ment of their status, as the free and lnde- j
I<endent United states of South Africa.
Considerable discussion was precipitated j
when the resolutions awarding certain I
printing fcr the Assessor's office came up j
for a vote. A protest had been filed by !
the Gabriel Printing Company, in which it i
showed that it was the lowest bidder and <
was therefore entitled to the contract. It
further contended that the resolution re
cently adopted by the board requiring that
all city printing shall bear the label of
the "Allied Printing Trades Council" is
not consistent with the charter, Is inoper
ative and is legislation repugnant to the
Federal and State constitutions. The com
pany's attorney was present to advance
its claim*, while F. Drake, representative
of the Typographical Union, spoke in
favor of the resolution which barred the
Gabriel Company from successfully com
peting for the contract.
Supervisor Tobin took sides with the
proi*»*tant and held that the board wa-s
bound by that provision of the charter
which says that contracts must be award
ed to the lowest bidder. There is another
provision that eight hours a day only shall
be exacted on all city work, and It de
veloped that the union shops work nine
hours, while the Typothetae work their
men ten hours and longer. Comte saw a
reconciliation In the order and the charter
provision by stating that while the char
ter contemplated granting the contract to
the lowest bidder the order simply con
ferred on the board the power of fixing
the quality of the printing. The contract
was awarded to Phillips & Smythe never
theless. Tobln withdrew his objection,
stating that it would be a matter for ad
judication by the courts In any event.
The board will have to look elsewhere
for an ordinance intended to 'suppress
nickel-in-the-6lot card machines. Resolu
tions were passed at the last meeting re
rjuesting the City Attorney to prepare
such an ordinance, and the latter yester
day replied in the following curt com
munication:
Gentlemen: I am In receipt of ' Resolution
No. 2S, In which you request the City Attor
ney to prepare an ordinance respecting
r.ickrl-in-ihe-slot machines. In reply
thereto I b*g to refer you to the provisions
of the charter touching the duties of the
City Attorney, which do not require euch
service.
The following resolutions and ordi
nances were passed to print:
An order granting an extension of time to
any corporation, copartnership or Individual
maintaining pole* or overhead wires In un
derground district Xo. 1; resolutions pro/
vid ln« fcr numerous awards of contracts for
printing and stationery for use in the va
rious department*; providing for an expen
diture of $11,200 81.90. to be paid out of the
ota«U fund, 1 to pay the Ban Francisco Gas
ADVERTISEMENTS.
M 1 CARTERS
There Is nothing l!ke ELECTRICITY to put
life vim and vigor Into weak men or women.
Drugs give but temporary relief; act merely aa
a stimulant, but Electricity file* to all weak
parts of the body. Imparting nature's fore*
thereto and doing the required work surely and
In a permanent manner. If "run down" In
health and strength you had better try E<>c-
trlclty. Use an Electric Belt, foe that Is th»
best method of applying It; but be sure you get
a good one while you are about it: In short, try
•*Dr Plerce's." for it is guaranteed to bo th»
best" Electric Belt on earth.
ry "Booklet No. 2" free at office- or sent by
matl for a 2c stamp, tells all about It. Address)
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
«20 Market street. BAN FRANCISCO.
U Trlbuna Building. NEW YORK.
A U .Vnrout IHietuea— failing ll>-.3.
on. SleeplemnaM, etc.. eanaad by over,
work and Indiscretions. Them tfti-kut
I anti mirelu rmiore Lo«t Vilshty ia ol I
or roung. and fls a ma a fcr stodr. oom-
ne«a or plaaaaro. Prsv«nt InsAnit? ani
fc»Con*ompuoa it taken in time. Thxir
ose >no«s immediate improvement and effect a CURB
where all others fail. Insist DponhaTmgthegenains
Ajax Tablets. They hay« cored thoas&nda and will
ntrw 70a. Wo elm a poeitiv* written gosxaatoe t» af-
fect a onra in each ease or refund the monar. Pric*
Cfl <tf • per Packro. or si* packages rfall trw-t-
9Ublsi m«nt) for S3 SO by ma.il.ia plaia wrm;^er.
upon ree«lpt ofprico. Circular* fxe*».
AJAX REMEDY CO., 1 ?. 8 *-
For tale la 8. F. by Leipnlts A Co.. No Par-
eentajta Drug Co.. Owl Drug Co.. a. F.. Oakl'd.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PO'R TIL. A. IST ID
From Ep»ar-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE £>2 First Class Including Berth
I Ant $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA calls Feb. 7. IT." 27. Mar. 9. 19
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Feb. 12. 22. March 4, 14. 24
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all potnts East.
B. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market st.
• OOODALU PERKINS A CO..
Superintendents.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL. LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, railing at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at " Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received oa board on day
of sa'lllng.
NIPPON MARtT .• Friday. Feb. 9
AMERICA MARtT Wednesday. March 1
HONGKONG MARC Saturday. March 3X
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlce.
421 Market «t.. comer First.
W. H. A VERY. General Agent.
@B9niliK Th * s - s - vs tralU
TfcjQW 15. stalls fcr Honolulu
•E* 3 "** Wednesday. Feb. /.
™•; ,1 WOO. at 2p. m.
(>tyr t*^\ The 3. 9. Alameda
iNP/JfTlMlin t) •»»» *1* Honolulu and
CHCCIIUIIII/^ Auckland for Sydney
tfnfflß?l?£l» Wednesday. Feb. XI.
_ VUUipai«r a t 1 p. m.
Favorite Une around the world via Haw»t!
Saffioa. New Zealand. Australia. India, fiuea.
England, etc: W0 first claw.
L n ISPHECXELS & BROS. CO.. Ant*, M Mont<jom*fj
Pitf 7. TMt Pacific SL Frtiflht Ofece.327 Market St.
AMERICAN LINE.
ItXW YOSK. SCBTHAXPTO3. 1.05D05. PARIS.
8 topping at Chertourr. westbound.
From New York every \Vednesda7. W *- «.
qI p au i Feb. 7|Friesland Feb. Z%
N«w York Feb. ll New York March T
B*I>oul». Feb. nlSt. P&uJ March U
RED STA3 LINE.
New York, and Antwerp.
From New York every Wednesday. 13 noon.
Westernland ....Feb. "IFriesland Feb. 2*
Kensington Feb. 14'Southwark ...March 7
Noordland Feb. 2l|W'esternland ..March 1*
• EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Mlcbael. Dowson City-
For full Information regardlns freight aad
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION COMPANY.
S3 Montgomery at., or any of lta agencies.
COXPABSIS 6ESXRALE TRAS3ATLA.HTI3CE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Bailing every Thursday Instead of vAjTTjS
Saturday, from November 2. ISOT. tt^*****
10 a. m. from Pier «. North River, foot of
Morton »t- ; LA BRETACNE. Feb. 8: I/AQUI-
TAINE Feb. 13; LA OASCOGNE. Feb. 22: LA
TOURAINE. March 1. First class to Havre.
ISO and upward: S per cent reduction on round
trip. Second class to Havre. MS: 5 per cent re-
duction on round trip. GENERAL. AOENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. X 3
Broadway (Hudson buildin*). New York. J.
F. FUOAZI & CO.. PactSc Coast Arents. 5
Montgomery aye.. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
9
OAKLAND, Feb. s.— Mr. and Mrs.
Joseph Harris to-day an
nounced the engagement of
their daughter, Leah, to M. Marks
Jr. of Portland. A reception will take
place to the friends of the families
at the residence of Mr. and Mrs. Har-
ris, 212 Twelfth street, Oakland, on
Sunday, February 11, from 2 until 5
o'clock.
Miss Leah Harris is one of the most
popular young ladles in Oakland,
where her father is a leading mer
chant. Mr. Marks is a resident of
Portland, where he is interested with
his father in business.
nearly half an hour and made a real hit.
Valkyra, an equilibrist and novelty gym
nast. Indulged in some extraordinary
twistings and Major Mite sang "I'd Leave
My Happy Home for You." The rest of
the bill was exceptionally good. Thursday
night the feature of the amateur perform
ance will be an amateur lawn pdrty. ,
terms of his will he bequeathed one-Hall
his estate to the widow, Emellne Titus;
his law library In San Francisco to Fred
E. Titus and the balance to Frank F.
Titus.BAJf FRANCISCO CALL.
CUEINESS OFFICE cf the San _ Francisco
Call, cere er of Market and Third streets, open
cr.t!l 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:39 p. m.
W0 Hsyes rtreet: open until t:S» p. m.
«9 McAllister street; cpen until »:» p. m.
CIJ Larkin street: open until 8:30 p. m.
:?« Mission street: cpen until 10 p. m.
SICI Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
«nt!l f r c.
:r« Eleventh street: cpen until » p. n.
;CM Valencia rtreet: cpen until I p. n_
Z.ZZZ Polk rtreet: cpen until * p. m.
TCcrthwert corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
«^rkr ftreetr: «-pen unti! Ip. n». f.
* ICETI>G XOTICES> '
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. S. R. and A.-, m
M vr'.M meet THIS (TX'ESDAT)_*
EVENING, Feb. 6. et T:2-> o'clock. TJJn
Pitted meeting and R. A. degree. By ?TT *
' FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sea
GOLDEN Gate Lodge No. 30. F. and *
A. M— Stated meeting THIS (TUES- __f\_
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. D. LIS
GEO. J. HOBE. Sec. *V^
PACIFIC Loiige No. 136, F. and A. M.. • •
in Efldy Ft.— Stated meeting THIS_»^
EVENING st 7:30 o'clock. 7%_K
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sea. /V>
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. _
M.— Staled meeting THIS <TUES-_f\_
DAT) EVENING, fit 8 o'clock. /LX
A. 6. HUHBARP. Sec, fir*
WALHALLA Encampment No. 7. L O.|y yj
O. F.— The officers and the fu- )f
neral oorai— lttee cf the above encamp- S*<
merit are hereby notified to aseem-^
t>> at Oda Fellows' H— ll. corner Market
-ar.a Seventh sts., on TUESDAY. Feb. 6.
et 1:30 p. m., for the purpose of attending
the funeral of our late patriarch. JOHN D.
ROEHRS. By order. CHAS. QUAST.
Financial ' Scribe.
MAGNOLIA Lodge No. 29. I. O. O. jtfß!tJS&_
r.— lnitiation of Eeveral cardi-^a^S^i
dates THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- <Syj£_M?
ING. Members of lodge and •«*.«*^
order please attend. J. ERIK6ON. N. G.
f AMU EL POLACK. Secretary.
CONCORPIA Lofire No. 122. I. O.
tO. F.— The funeral committee Is _22e fc
hereby notified to assemble at
Odd Fellows' Hail TUESDAY. y Vm < H-
February «. at 1:30 o'clock p. m.. to attend
the funeral of cur late brother. J. D.
ROEHR*. By order of_ o _
CHRIST. ROBBER, Rec. Sec.
CLAN Fraser No. 76. O. S. C— Of- v XT a^
fibers and members are requested to 5\ \MyJ
ensemble at the moot room. 82 '¦frVlyig
O'Farrell et.. en WEDNESDAY. -~-^
fit 1 o'clock, for the pupose of attending the
funeral of our late clansman. ROBERT S.
DUNCAN, vrhich takes place at 2 o'clock.
:rczn the Alcazar building. CO O'Farrell st.
O. G. GILLESPIE. Chief.
WM. CORMACK. Sec.
MEMBERS of the Caledonian Club v n^,
arc requested to attend the funeral sy* U^J
I' at our late clansman. ROBERT S. > _s_>
DUNCAN, from Alcaxar building.
130 O'Fan*!! Ft.. WEDNESDAY, February 7,
at 2p. m. By order of
ANGUS McLEOD, Chief.
A. McNAIR, Secretary-
A. O H. DIVISION No. 2— The regular «yrn
rncr.thly meeting of th!s fllvlslon will
be beld at Hibemla Hall. 120 Ninth Jfeyl-
et.. on TUESDAY. February '. at 7:3offOCj3
p m. Tickets for Bt. Patrick's night •CGfc
bail w.li be ready for distribution and lm-
Xortant business In connection with ball wjll
be transacted. All members sre requested to
attend. BARTLY LE£. President.
T. L. CLANCY. Secretary.
NOTICE— The forty-ninth annual meeting cf
the 6an Francisco Protestant Orphan Asylum
Society will be held on TUESDAY AFTER-
NOON next. February 6. at 2 o'clock. In the
GuSia Room of Trinity Episcopal Church. Nt.
corner of Bush and Gougn ets.. when an elec-
tion for officers to serve th« ensuing year
w*M be held and reports of the year's work
¦will be presented. All members are urged to
be preynt. and all Interested In the cause will
be cordially welcomed.
M. P. Ma/-CRELLISH. Secretary.
ASTROLOGY.
PItCF. A. MASERY of Egypt, greatest ai-trolo-
cltt and palmist In the world: satisfaction
cr-a— »ct»— -d. 4*7 Oolden Gate sve.
ATTORXBYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. O. W.
HOWE, atty at law. SoO Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE fr«ee: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
y. 11. MERZBACH. attorney at law. has re-
rusv.ed practice at 503 Cal. et.. Clunle bldg.
L S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 527 Mar-
ket St.: consultation free: no fees In advance.
DOARD AXD ROOMS.
"B^LGIIAVIX'IIOTEL." Polk and Clay— Sun-
r.y eulte*; best board; 5. $J0 up; single, $22 50.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT. 171* Market— Elegant
new furniture; flrst-class In every respect;
table unsurpafsed : hot and cold water; ele-
vator; suites, with board for 2. $10 month up.
HYDE. "*.3 (The Salisbury)— Large Sunny teems
with board: *>n rulte or girigle: reasonable.
HYDE, 729. bet. Putter and Post— Newly fur-
nirhe'ii room with board In private family:
euitable for 2 gentlemen or couple.
HYDE. TTS. bet. Sutter and Post— Newly fur-
r.'.fhf-d bay-window room, with board, for a
gentleman.
Jv'EW farr.'.'.y hotel; flrst-class In all appoint-
ment-; ex"ellent table; special Inducements to
select people. FO7 California St.. occupying
<-orner opposite Grace Church.
LAS PALMAS. l£2o Market et.— Suite of 2 or $
rms.: private: bath: Em. rms.: board optional.
O'FARRELL. TO— Clean, comfortable rooms;
Rood home cooklug: special rates to gents.
VAN NESS. S44— Elecantly furnished rooms,
with board :-rarlor. piano, phone: reasonable.
DOARDIXG FOR CHILDREN.
¦ '
CI-JILDREN wanted: good home; German fam-
ily; reasonable Drices. Apply MRS. J.
HRANDES. 4?.3 Minna rt.
LADY wishes 1 or 2 children to board., age 2
to 44 years; reasonable. -Box 265*, Call.
GOOD home for 2 children over 2 years old.
2178 Perry St. _^
BOARD AXD ROOMS WAXTED.
YOUNG wnimn wishes board and room: pri-
vate fsrr.lly; central; moderate: references.
Bex VI.X. Call.
BOARD and room in private family; central.
Box 2CTO. Call office.
~BOOKS — XEW AXD OLD.
ECHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Bock Co.. 704 Mission st.. near Third.
BOOT AND SUOE BARGAINS.
BABY'S shoes, eizes 2 to 6 35 cts
Men's working fihoes, extra quality $1 25 t
Boy's shoes, .eizrs 13H to 2 83 cts •
' People's Shoe Store. 1303 Stockton, nr. Bdway. I
DLSIXESS CUAXCES.
A^JCW: RESTAURANT and oyster house; rent
ZZ' ; Market and Jones sts.; rare chance. It.
G. WILKE. 906 Market St.. corner Ellis.
A-« 32»: BRANCH bakery, with 3 living rooms;
. established 10 years; daily receipts $15; splen-
dl* location on Laxkln st. R. G. WILKE. SO6
Market st.
A SALOON' on water front, with 4 years' lease;
fine fixtures; large stock; rushing business;
no better locution on East St.; splendid
chance. R. G. WILKE. 90fl Market st.
A— s:soo-rCOnNER grocery In very best part
cf the Mission; large stock. 1 horse, wagon,
cart; 75 crd<?r customers; place established
years and first-class paying. Call R, G.
WILKK. t0« Market st.
A— SSr-O: DAIRY produce and delicacy store. I
with Z living rooms; rent $12: a good-paying 1
business. Inquire It. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
A— tzy>: PARTNER wanted In chop and coffee
houee: lively country town: piace clearing $6a
for eacii partner. Call R. Q. WILKIi. 906
Market St. «
A— I v 5O; BAKERY near McAllister st.; eztab-
llehea jrars; all store trade; large stock;
rent t^i; 4 years'. lease; 114 barrels per day.
«>:i R. G. WILKK. VA Market St.
j:StO— CORNER grocery and bar: establiihed
many years en<l doing a pplendld bui>ip.»s<i:
choJcrt location few blocks north of Market -
r< nt $45. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market Et.
¦ NOTICE IZ
STENBERO & CO.-
Have Removed to — -
925 Market Street.—
-— — Over Hale Bros
A-IiLTTERS. ATTENTION!
FOB SALE I
A first-class tea and coffee storei well estab-
lished; all cash trade; good value for the
money. STENBERG CO.. 936 Market st.
A— SJOO: CORNER grocery and bar: best loca-
tion in th» Mission; well established : doing
?•'•'¦' business; nice clean stock; good value
for the money. Ptenberg Co.. 535 Market st.
CTTV BUSINESS EXCHANGE 78 Third st.
Bargains la paloons $200 to $1500
Ogar stores with club rooms $100 to $SOO
Rooming houses. 10 to 100 rooms.
I'artner; email capital; paying business.
Restaurants and oyster houses $100 to $1200
COAL route for sale, cheap; parties going
away. Apply office Crystal OU Co., 312 Capp
«., near Eighteenth.
BUSINESS CHAXCES— Continued. :
ATTENTION." SELLERS!
List whatever you have for sals
with me. • I can sell for cash.
I will advertise It free for you. '
I want no exclusive contract.
Have buyer waiting with cash.
I sell city and country real es-
tate and business pieces. ___
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
160 ROOMS-HOTEL AND BAR.
Clearing about J5OO.
/ FINE LOCATION.
Cheap rent — Price $4000.
$^00 can remain at
6 per cent Interest. _¦*•„„
For eale only by DECKER. 1020 Market.
36-ROOM hotel and bur
RENT $40
Price. $1300. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
$2CO-REBTAURANT; fine for -man and wife;
trial given; owner cleared $10,000 In six years.
Apply to DECKER, 1020 Market et.
A— ssoo: CORNER — rocery (no bar); offered at
invoice value. LESS. 765 Market st.
J2OO-BRANCH bakery, notions and variety
store: north of Market; 4 Hvingrooms; rent
$18; must be sold at once. M. LESS. .C 5 Mkt.
$310— STATIONERY, confectionery, school books
and lunch rooms; Western Addition : ; neai -7
schools; owner going away. M. LE53.765 MKt.
$650— WOOD, coal, hay, grain and feed business
In best portion of Western Addition: good
horses and wagons; ettab. 25 years: low rent;
long lease; fullest Investigation allowed; this
Is a chance seldom offered. M. LESS. .6a Mkt.
A-KREDO & CO 22H GEARY ST
A rare opportunity; $600: partner established
business; clears J3<^_ a month; on account of
»lckneß»; leaae worPi $1500-
$2200— ELEGANT corner atore and modern 6-
room cottage: rents $30; coet $3500: $1000 will
take It. KREDO & CO.. 22hj Geary »t.
jIgOO— DRAYING express: only one in town of
4000 population; $10.000 yearly. KREDO tc CO.
BARGAIN for buying or selling saloons or any
business; fair treatment. Liquor Dealers'
Journal. 539% California Bt.. room 1.
SALOON at Third st.. near Market: fine trade;
cheap If sold at once. Apply Liquor Dealers'
Journal. 639^ California at., room 1.
BARGAIN— Grocery and bar cheap. Liquor
Dealers' Journal. 639U California ft., room L
PARTNER wanted, with $300; can clear $75
mo.; Investigate. COWING & CO.. 1130 Market.
$300— SALOON. In wholesale district; excellent
chance for man and wife; will cell half If de-
sired. BETHEL, 26H Kearny st.
$Coo— ELEGANTLY furnished restaurant; vi-
cinity. Stockton and Market: must sell to-
day; opportunity seldom offered. 743 Mlsfclcn.
A PHYSICIAN desires lady partner: one hav-
ing small capital or suite of rooms of her
own preferred. Address box 2650, Call.
FIRST-CLASS saloon In wholesale district;
must be sold on account of sickness; a great
bargain; investigate. Box 2C53, Call.
FOR sale— First-class grocery and bar; cen-
tral location; price reasonable. Box 2645, Call.
$75; A SNAP: delicacy store; 3 living-rooms
and yard; good trade. 42S Sixth st.
FOR sale— Saloon on Market st.. near Ninth;
cheap. Inquire at 132 First st.
$150— PARTNER wanted In old-established of-
fice business; will clear $75 month to each.
City Business Exchange, 79 Third st.
FOR eale — Good business opportunity; will pay
$300 to $COO monthly: very little money re-
quired down; no experience needed; every-
thing new: the best of reasons for selling;
can be handled In your own locality: eend this
ad. and address Drawer 146. Chicago. 111.
$IJOO— SALOON, SOO ft. from the Baldwin; pri-
vate entrance, dubrooms: flrst-class In every
respect: good business. JONES. 865 Market.
$109 MONTHLY to party Investing $250. Paciflc
States Realty Co.. S2O Parrott building.
WANTED— A saloon or grocery store; must be
cheap for cash. Box 2C32. Call office.
GOOD opportunity— Branch bakery, cigar and
notion store for sale, doing good business, on
account of going to Europe. .1203% Golden
Gate aye.
DELICACY and dairy produce store, with fine
living rooms; price reasonable. Inquire' 645
McAllister at.
BRANCH bakery; candy; notion and cigars;
must eel! thla week. Inquire HIS Market st.
FOR eale— El Monte Bakery; SW. corner Sac-
ramento and Lyon sts. Inquire at premises.
BRANCH bakery and notion store; doing good
business; suitable for bakery. 1606 Foisom.
FOR rent— Large basement saloon; fine location
downtown: newly fitted up; electric lights;
low rent- furniture, fixtures and stock for $100.
WM. HENDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call bldg.
IPO-ROOM house for sale or exchange for lodg-
ing house in Chicago or other business; no
agents. Box 1522. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS bakery and confectionery; good
location;- doing good business. Inquire Call
office.
DRUGGIST with email capital as partner In
drug etore. Box 7543, Call office.
PLANING mill and lumber yard In this city
for sale. Box 1117. Call office.
BARBER chop for sale; good location. 796
Geary st.
ROUTE of 544 papers on this paper for sale.
Box 6. Oakland Postofflce.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
A BUSINESS clearing $100 per month for $600,
if taken at once. Pacific States Realty Co..
220 Parrott building.
CIGAR stand and laumlry office for sale cheap.
Apply MISS G. SMITH. 715V4 Howard st.
FOR sal* — A neat restaurant; good location;
reasonable. Apply at 207 Grant aye., saloon.
DENTAL office: first-class; central: must be
sold; terms easy. Mac Donald. 6 Eddy, r. 107.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for CaTl advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia*^
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. : open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky tts.: open until 9 p. m.
CARRIAGES AXD WAGOXS.
TO close estate the stock of 200 new and sec-
ond-hand warons. bugcy, carts and over 150
sets of harness will be sold at half cost, as
the business must be closed. 1140 Foisom st.,
near Eighth.
FOR eale— Finest Brewater Victoria, coupe a:nd
family carriare. Inspect 1011 Sutter st.
NEW and 2d-hand wagons, bugcies.carts and har-
ness, wk. & driving horses. 15th and Valencia.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
CARPET BEATIXG AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
eend to SPAULDING'd Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ir.g Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. 8. 40.
J. McQL'EEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
4r.3 Stevenson st.; tel. South 225 ; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c.
BTRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 4C2 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.: telephone East 126.
SPIRITUALISM^ ~
ATTENTION'! ~
Honored! Removed!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
The World's Most Famous Medium
1 and Clairvoyant.
Has removed her offices to her residence. 1061
Seventh avenue. East Oakland; Cal.
Reveals Your Life From the Cradls
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
alt diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
the has rosde are the talk of the whole slope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
f ar\> have been made rich, happy and
healthy without ever having come to see this
• wonderful woman. Consultation by mail is
always most successful and satisfactory, and
all correspondence Is kept sacredly con Me-
n or call. MRS. DR. A, D. HOWE.
Fee $1 and upward.
Diagnosis Free.
N. B.— MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE. 1061
Seventh avenue. East Oakland.
Take the broad-gauge ferry and get off at
Clinton- station, the • second station from
Brcadway.
CLAIRVOYANTS AXD SPIRITUALISM.
A— PROFESSOR MAY.
ALWAYS SEE THE BEST — —
123 TURK ST.
He excites the wonder and admiration of the
most skeptical; gives advice on love, business
and domestic trouble; unites the separated and
restores lest affection; If in doubt, trouble or
adversity call on this gifted medium arid he will
help you : mediums • developed In from 3 to 6
months; letters containing three questions and
fl answered; hours. 9 to" S; Sundays,' 10. to 2.
MME MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 71 Fourth st. near Mission.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. .J. WHITNEY, 1104 Market; trance,
test, business medium: life reader; also medi-
cal clairvoyant; stamp for circular; sittings $1.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader and palmist; all
you seek to know without questions; readings
' this week. 25c and 50c. 230 Turk st.
MMB HANSON, palmistry^ 10c: card reader;
past, present, future. 25c. 148 Sixth st.. r. 12.
MRS HARLAND'S circle to-night; prophetic
tests, 10c; trance life readings dally. 136 Sixth.
T P MATCHETT holds circles every evening. 8
o'clock. 10c; reading 60 and 75c. 238 Taylor st.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
nlght. 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
C V. MILLER'S materializing trumDet se-
ance: 8 P. m. 409 Leavenworth st. : '25c.
EDWARD EARLE, independent slate writer.
330 Ellis st.; circle Sun, and Wed, evenings.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh et. Is the original
gypsy life reader; readings, 26c.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; alt-
tlngs dally. 212% Sixth st.
YOUR future told by cards. 25c 844 Howard
St.. 10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advloe: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth at.
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave; future hus-
band'a picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEO^GE^?T^ELXY^Tg«icyTno charge- un-
less successful. Koom 310. 327 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE, 4 rooms, modern Improvements;
sunny yard; cellar. ISS9 O'Fan rell st.
SUNNY cottages. 4 and 8 rooms, basement:
yard; stable. 1876 Fifteenth St.. near Dolores.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. B. ""illOGINS" d»ntal parlors. 927
'Market St.. over Cafe Zilnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work ot reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
Jrom $1 up; other fillings from 50c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and .filled. . or
crowned without pain: plates that fit from
. $4 60 up: open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth' on a rubber plate, $5; a
full set of teeth on a gold plate. $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty: see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for ' 20
years; fillings, 60c: crowns, $3 50,- all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lora. 24 Sixth St.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up: plates, extractions free; $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. ' LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 250.
DR. C. H. CUMMINGS. 233 Valencia; dental
work reas.; painless extraction; hours 9 to 5.
VAN VROOM — "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
LOWEST prices In S. F.: work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st. .
OHIO Dental Parlors. Inc.: 8 graduate opera-
tore: open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
DOG HOSPITAL.
DR. BUXARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 60; all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring School ;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dresFmaklng. 887 Geary St.; dresse*
made. $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School— Leading sys-
tem; easy payments: evg. classes. 103 Post. '
ACCORDION pleating factory— All kinds pleat-
Ing.plnklng. 121 Post, over O'Connor &. Moffat.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. V —
Practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. laniruages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc. ; new 80-page catalogue free.
A SCHOOL in physical culture and swimming
for young men, young ladles and boys; superb
gymnasium and hygienic bathing facilities;
salt water and swimming tank. Y. M. C. A.,
Mason and Ellis sts. "The wise for cure on
exercise depend."
JOSEPH GREVEN, Instructor of several of
our best local talent (a few of them success-
. ful teachers themselves) can develop beauti-
ful, strong voices from the smallest and
faultiest In short time. 1236 Market St., r. 121.
BOOKKEEPING — Neither time nor money
wasted; most thorough course on earth: rapid
calculations. Tarr, exp. account.. Flood bldg.
ALL students but two taking full couree
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical mining,
mecn., survey, assay, archi.: day and even.;
tet. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
MADOLIN and guitar thoroughly taught; rea-
sonable. 753 Guerrero Et.
A— SINGING, piano, French. Spanish; Parisian
graduate: $2 mo. 630 G. G. aye.. r. 6; hr. 2 : 8.
VIOLIN, mandolin, jrultar. Prof. Merkl, success-
ful teacher, 1008 Mission; best methods, results.
FRENCH. Spanish, etc. Prof.DeFlHppe's Acad-
emy of languages, 320 Post; est. 1S71; ablest profs.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms;
thorough instruction. Studio. 405 Geary, r. 47.
AYREb' Business College. 723 Market st; life
scholarship, $50; send for catalogue.
CLASSES In German, French. Spanish; $2 per
month. Add. Language Teacher, 904 Taylor.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mail;
languages. Miss M. G. Barrett, 302 Montgyy.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar. writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
DANCING, ballroom or stacp. quickly tausht;
priv. or class. Barker's Academy. 927 Mission.
EMPLOYMENT OFFfCEsT
A JAPANESE and Chinese employment? office.
No. 30 Geary St., established over 5 years, re-
moved to 421 Post St., near Powell. GEO.
AOKI. 421 I'ost St.. telephone Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
t___l__4______________4__
EMPLOYMEXT WAXTE D — FEMALE.
NEAT, capable girl desires situation; good cook
and houseworker; 2 years last place. Apply
to MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situa-
tion; understands French and German cook-
ing; best city ref. ; city or country. MISS H.
CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook desires a situa-
tion; good ref. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323
Sutter st. '
A FIRST-CLASS waitress and parlor maid de-
sires a situation* will do second work. MIS 3
H. CULLINAN, 223 Sutter st.
A NORTH German second girl, willing worker,
desires . situation. MRS. LAMBERT. 418
Powell st., telephone Main 6332. . .
A YOUNG German-American girl awaits po-
sition; light second work. MRS. LAMBERT,
418 Powell. st., telephone Main. 5332. .
A COMPETENT young American cook awaits
situation: city. MRS. LAMBERT, 418 Powell.
SUPERIOR cook; can take full ' charge of
kitchen for Institution or club or hotel; best
of references. ¦ MRS. . HOLMBERG, 923%
Howard at.
WANTED— Competent girl, speaks French,
wishes to do second work or sewing and take
care of children preferred; references; apply
for two daya. 417,4 Fifth st. -
SITUATION wonted by young French woman,
speaks German and English fluently, as gov-
erness or ladles' maid, to travel If required.
Address box 2655, Call office. ¦ , .
COMPETENT Swedish girl wishes a place to
do cooking and general housework; good
references; wages $20 . to $25. Call at 1408
Mission st.
COMPETENT woman wants place to do house-
work In good family; can do fine cooking;
city references. Call at 2450 Bush' St., near
Scott. ' ,'
GERMAN woman would like to do general
housework and washing by the day. 609£
Natoma st. :
ARTISTIC dressmaker would like a few en-
gagements by the day; $160; perfect- fit
. guarantee^; will take home. Address 238 El-
lis St.. The. Furrier.
FIRST-CLASS cook; willing and obliging; good
references. Box 2647, Call. •
WANTED— Situation general housework: city
or country; small wages. Box 2646, Call.
NEAT young girl wishes situation general
housework; small family; plain cooking wages
$15 to $20. Call 873 Bryant St., cor. Seventh.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
ELDERLY Scotch woman wishes to do light
housework or would' take care of an Invalid;
city or country. Adddress box 2644, Call.
YOUNG lady desires a position as stenographer;
references; wages no object. Box 2643. Call.
SWEDISH girl wishes situation In American
family; general housework. 354% Perry st.
YOUNG lady would like steady position as
nurse and companion to Invalid; very best
references. Box 2639. Call.
GIRL wishes situation to assist in light house-
work and sewing. Call 1231 Market st.
DRESSMAKER and thorough fitter on tailor
. suits wants engagement; $1 £0 a day. 244 Tay-
lor st.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation; cook-
lng and housework. 748 Howard st.
YOUNG woman would like chamber or second
work; city or coun try; no cards. 116 Guerrero.
FRENCH'. girI wishes position to-do cooking.
1319 Buchanan it. ¦ j
GOOD laundress wants family washing to do
at her own home.' 615 McAllister st, entrance
• on Ash aye. .
TEACHER holding "California Educational
. Diploma" and having experience wishes pu-
pils; children or adults; 250 an hour. J. E.
P.. box 2628, Call. - .
A COMPETENT girl wishes a ' place to do
housework and cooking: wagea no less than
$20. Please call at 18248 Howard St.
GIRL would like position for chamberwork or
plain sewing! Address 1203 Foisom st^
COMPETENT stenographer desires position;
salary moderate. Address box 2539. Call of flee.
YOUNG woman with child 2\i years old would
like position to do housekeeping: city or coun-
¦ try. Call 713H' Bush st.
RESPECTABLE young lady, good references,
speaking German and English fluently, wishes
a position as ladles' maid or care of grown
children to travel to Europe. Call 2 to 6,
1431 Polk st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
¦ ket: !00 rooms; 25c to $1 W night; $1 60 to $S
week; convenient and respectable; fres 'bus
and baggage to and<from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call-advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia et.
A BRANCH office for th« reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner cf Twenty-setfond and Ken-
tucky 6ts.; open until 9 p. m.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
. United States or Canada- one year for $1,
po«tage paid.
E3IPLOYMEXT WAXTED — MALE.
WANTED— By man and wife, plaoe on ranch;
man Is good all-round ranchman; good work-
ing foreman; care of horses, cows and stock;
can run an engine; wife a good ranch cook;
have stout boy, age 11; girl of 13, good willing
worker; doea the work of a girl of 16,
country people, practical and saving; Cali-
fornia experience; wages, man $25, woman $0
per month. Address box 2642. Call Office.
WANTED— Situation as coachman and gar-
dener or foreman on fruit ranch; competent
In every kind of orchard and vineyard work;
general gardening; extensive California ex-
perience. Address Dechent's Nursery. «
Point Loboa aye.; telephone Jackson 622.
SITUATION wanted by young single " man,
age 80 years; flrst-class grower of roses,
carnaMor.s and chrysanthemums • and good
propagator; ten years In last position;
from the East; could fill a private place;
best reference. CHAS A. BRUNGER, Bell
Conservatory Company, Sacramento, Cal.
WANTED^-Posltlon In department store as
sign painter and can do general store work.
Address box 2651. Call office.
YOUNG man of 26 would like any . kind of
work; am used to horses; good place more
object than wages. Box 2635, Call.
SITUATION by kitchen man who can cook
some and do all kinds of kitchen work; will
work for reasonable wages. Address S. POT-
TER. box 2638. Call.
YOUNG man, German, .would like work of
any kind: con drive horses and Is well ac-
quainted with city: has good references. Ad-
dress C. H., box 2649. Call.
SITUATION wanted by young man at house-
. cleaning by the day, or any other kind of
work; small wages expected. ANDERSEN,
952 Bush st.
YOUNG man, 21 years old, wishes position In
drug store; has had experience and Is sober
and industrious; wages small. Box 2513. Call.
BARTENDER, speaks German and Is a very
good mixer/ wlshee position In city or coun-
try; hotel or saloon; best of references. Box
2C41. Call.
COACHMAN— Situation wanted; thoroughly ex-
perienced coachman, groom, gardener; good
driver: thoroughly competent. Box 2054, Call.
FIRST-CLASS barber, young man, wants
steady work. 2092 Mission, near Seventeenth.
A PHARMACIST wants position In drug store,
Nothern California. Address Drugs, box
2657. Call.
YOUNG man wants position as plumber's helper
In city or Oakland; experienced; with refer-
ences. Address box 2629,. Call office.
2 SWEDISH men want work; housecleanlnar,
painting, paper-hanging or repairing. Ad-
dress box 2630. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes to do light work morning
and nlcht In exchange for board. Address
box 2£31. Call.
EXPERIENCED cook wants situation; city or
country: latter preferred; references. 615 Me
Alllster St.. entrance on Ash aye.
GERMAN man and wife desire situations on
ranch; man Is milker, butter maker, poultry-
man and teamster: wife a good cook. Ad-
dress 431 Pine st.
SOBER horseshoer and general blacksmith
wants work; Apply at 1506 Howard st.
USEFUL man; housework; care Invalid; mid-
dle-aged man; speaks English, French; will-
ing and obliging; flrst-class reference. Box
2534. Call office. - -
.MIDDLE-AGED man about private place, un-
derstanding gardening, care horse and cow.
low wages. M. M.. box 2600. Call.
POSITION wanted' by flrst-class furniture
packer, shipper or set-up man. Box 2698, Call.
WANTED— Position In of flee by young man,
age 22; 5 years' experience; quick at figures;
wages moderate. Address box 2603, • Call.
BUTLER or cook by Japanese: expert at both
lines. JAPANESE, box 2633 Call.
A NBAT Japanese 'speaks English fluently)
¦wishes Bosltion In office or store; references.
Box SG27. Call.
EXPERIENCED stenographer, typewriter and
general office man; Al references furnished.
Address box 354. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at C-U branch office. 2220 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH oillco for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and sifbßcriptlons has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions - has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; open till 9 p. m.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
'¦^ expert~6¥tlci"axs^
GEO. MAYERLE, German expert optician,
. 1071H Market st. ; 'examination free: German
'eyewater by mall. 60c. Phone, Mint 257.
_ FLATS TO 'LET.
FOR adults, 4 comfortable rooms; bath, toilet,
coal and gas stoves; all necessaries. — 1917
Geary st.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
MODERN sunny northwest corner flat, 7 rooms
and bath; elegant view. 3^4' Scott st.
SUTTER, 1613, near Octavla— 7 rooms and bath;
rent $30. .
SUTTER, 2620>4— Sunny upper flat. 6 rooms,
bath; modern : rent $25.
TO LET— Modern sunny flat: 7 rooms and bath;
rent $25. Inquire en premises, 353 Devisadero
fit., corner Oak. -
MO— SUNNY cottage of 2 rooms. 134 Rose aye.,
between Gouch and Octavla sts.
$20— A NICE upper flat of 7 rooms and bath;
Just renovated. 1627 Devisadero st., bet. Post
and Sutter.
CHEAPEST- and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid.- for H per year.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50 with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sizes. $2 90;
heavy matting. 10c per yard: 30x60 Inch rugs,
$1. Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310-1312 Stockton
St.. near Broadway: open evenings.
FURXITCRE WASTED. ?
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
CHAS. LEVY buys your, furniture; . carpets,
piano. 1135 Market st. ;, telephone Jessie 761.'
W. E. CODY' (late with J. T: Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red, 3355.
HELP .WANTED— AGENTS.
FOR a first-class Investment security. 6 per
cent guaranteed and extra proflts; something
new and safe that people really want; this Is
your opportunity. 14 Mills bldg.. 6th floor. -
AGENTS, ladles and gentlemen, to sell Colum-
bia and guitar zithers In each county In Call-
fornla. CHAS. AMBROSE. 1517 Market st.
AGENTS wanted— Something new; ladles and
gentlemen. 9 Boyd st.. near Harrison, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. 1 -
HARPER & BROTHERS' subscription works
have never been pushed here: splendid oppor-
tunity for good solicitors;, entire line. J. N.
ODELL, 206 Kearny st.
AGENTS, ladies or gentlemen, to sell Columbia
guitars and zithers in each county In 1 Cali-
fornia: good contract. CHARLES AMBROSE.
1517 Market st.
HELP "WANTED— FEMALE.
A— 2 FIRST-CLASS cooks, American families.
$40 and $35; housework. San Mateo. $30, I In
family; Ross Valley $30, Oakland $25, Berke-
ley $30 (2 In family). San Rafael $25: cook for
men. $35 to $40; cook. Bakersfleld, $35; cham-
bermaid and waitress, country, $25; second
¦ work, Alameda, $25, 3 In family: 10 chamber-
maids and waitresses, city and country, $25
and $20.
A-W SECOND girls, $25, $$0 and $20, city and
country: 3 nursegirls. $20 and $15: an Infant s
nurse. $25; Santa Barbara $25; 3 arm wait-
resses. $6 and $7 per week; a number of
housework girls, flrst-class places, $25 and
$20, city' and country: 12 young girls to assist.
$12 to $15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl, light housework, 2 In family,
$15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Butter st. ;.
FRENCH girl as governess, 1 child 9 years old.
$20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
"C. R. HANSEN & C0.. -.PHONE GRANT 185"
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, country. $25; 8 more wait-
resses, south. $20; 6 waitresses, city and coun-
try $20; 3 fancy lroners, Coronado Beach.
$30. special rates; 2 chambermaids, $20 and
$13; chambermaid, to wait. $20; 2 lunch and
. dinner waitresses •
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.. ....
Nursery governess (must understand music),
see party here at 10 o'clock: 3 second girls.
$20, $15; 15 hou?eglrls. city, $20: 5 cooks, coun-
try. $20. & R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
A CHAMBERMAID and seamstress, $25; wait-
ress, chamberwork, sewing, $25; German or
American" nursery governess, $25. Alameda:
cook. American style, $25: 4 housework girls,
$20, $25. MRS. LAMBERT, 418 Powell st.
A CHAMBERMAID,' wait one meal. $20; city.
MRS. LAMBERT, 418 Powell st.
HELP of all nationalities to fill various po-
EltloßS. MRS. -LAMBERT, 418 Powell St.
HOUSEKEEPER: small ranch; $20, fare paid.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— German or French lady's maid. $25:
French nurse and second girl, $20: German
nurse, $20; nurse for the country. $20: 3 cooks,
short distance, $25, $30; 2 laundresses. $25;
restaurant waitress. $5 and $«: hotel wait-
ress, $20, country; 4 second girls, $20. $15;
parlor maid and waitress, $25. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 316 Sutter st. . .
EXPERIENCED strictly flrst-class sleeve-
maker, waist trimmer and maker and tallor-
ess: all must be No. 1; permanent. MRS.
VALE, 21 Powell at., Auzerals bldg., room 35.
GOOD talloress and button-hole makers; steady
work. AD. HOENIG. 819 Post at.
APPRENTICES In millinery atore at 693 Mc-
Alllster Et.
GIRL, German, for housework: one who stops
home preferred. 1053 Market St.; call after
8 a. m. .
YOUNG girl for light housework. 1325 Guer-
rero St.: number on cate.
GIRLS to work on knitting machines: appren-
tices tauuht. Apply J. J. PFISTER KNIT-
TING CO.. 412 Polk st.. bet. 9 and 11 a. m.
WANTED— A girl to do general housework;
wages $20 per month. 2926 Washington St.;
call between 9 and 10 o'clock a. m. Tuesday.
GIRL for. general housework; 2 In family. 843
Devisadero st. .'
OPERATOR on vests, also apprentice. 641H
Stevenson st.
SEWERS on ladles' and children's wear In
factory; cood wages. 723 Market at., rm. 35.
GIRL for general housework; good home. Ap-
ply at 3007 Sixteenth st.. above Mission.' ¦
WANTED — Girl for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde at.
WANTED In Alameda, a middle-aged woman or
young girl to assist In housework; good
home: small wages. Apply ISI2 Stelner st.
WANTED— A girl for housework In a family
of two. Call after 8:30 a. m.. 2424 'Foisom st.
GIRL, 15 years, to assist In housework; small
family. 1523 Golden Gate aye.
WANTED— German or Swedish girl to do gen-
eral housework and plain cooking; wages $13.
Apply at 11 Scott st.
WOMAN for light housework and help with
little children. Apply before 11 a. m., 679
Harrison st. \
STEADY operators on wrappers: good pay;
power, string work. STEUER & RUMMELS-
IJURG, 109 Battery. ' ;>•.
WANTED— Young girl to take care of 2 chil-
dren, ages 4 and 6, from 1 to 5 p. m. Apply
SIS Hayes st
WANTED— GirI for general housework. 3171
.Twenty-fifth st.
GERMAN or Swedish girl to do light house-
work. 32S Eddy st. . ?'£&%.
WANTED— A German girl to do second work.
Call 3COI Clay st.
WANTED— Good finisher, also experienced ap-
prentice girl, on custom coats. 559 A Mnna.
EXPERIENCED operators on shirts and waists;
electric power; steady employment. 62 Sixth.
$10— YOUNG girl, assist housework vicinity of
Jones St.. near Bush: nights at home. Ad-
dress JONES. Call of ttce.
GERMAN girl; general- housework; good wages.
933 Halzht st.
GOOD finisher and experienced apprentice girls ;
also presser on coats. 126 Russ st.
WOMEN and girls 'on steam power sewing: ma-
chines; experienced -or Inexperienced. Shirt
Factory. 36% Fremont St.; elevator. *¦ '.
GIRL to learn and help In dental office. Ad-
dress box 2537, Call office.
25 EXPERIENCED hands on silk work; steady
work; good wages. S. F. Manf'g. Co., 409 A
Turk st.
TEN lady agents wanted. Call between 11 and
12 at Corallne Toilet Parlors, 1454 Market st.
GlRL— Housework and cooking; no washing;
$15. 2120 Oxford st., cor. Center. Berkeley.
FIRST-CLASS hairdressers wanted at COS-
GROVE'S, 1416 Polk st, ¦
LADIES' cloaks, suits, $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton, near Broadway.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2220 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. ';*- j.t-
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open. until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner -of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; onen until 9 p..m. . . •
HELP WAXTED— MALE}.
A MAN and .wife; must understand milking
cows; $50; see gentleman here, 8:30. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MURRAY & READY.. PHONE MAIN EB4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
.......WANT, 7 A. M. TO-DAY
GOLD MINERS WHEELRIGHTS
4 single-hand miners $75
wheelwright and do biacksmlthlng, $40 to $45 f d
blacksmith, country shop $32 50 and fd
2 men to clean stone ¦ $2 to $2 60 day
• 4 laborers for factory $52
6 laborers, company work $30 and fd
foreman for stock ranch, see boss here
blacksmith helper stablemen
10 ranch hands and teamsters.. s2o and $26 fd
choreman ....... orchard hands .......pruners
man and wife to work ranch on shares
60 tie makers, Sonoma. Co., tools furnished.,
woodchoppers, ${ to $3 cord, tools furnished.
MURRAY & READY, 6.14-636 Clay st.
RESTAURANT cook, $10 week; cook, plain
hotel, $10; cooks, city and country, $30 to $-15;
¦ ranch cook, $20 and found; bedmaker, $20;
waiters, city and country. MURRAY &
READY. 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R..HANSEN & C 0.'5 ....104 GEARY ST.
...HOTEL DKP.UtTMENT
Fry cook, country hotel, $60; lunch counter
cook, country. $10 a week: 2 second cooks,
city, $60 and $65; chef, restaurant, south, $85;
pantryman, country hotel. $25; dishwasher,
city. $30; kttchenhands, $20 and $25
LAUNDRY HELP
Washer,' country hotel, $45; box mangier, hotel
laundry, $35; 2 ironers, hotel lanndry. country,
$30: polisher and etarcher,- country laun-
dry. $30
...:... ..MISCELLANEOUS
50 teamsters, scraper holders, loaders and
.dumpers for the Coast R. R., Santa Barbara
County, free fare
10 teamsters for railroad work, Monterey, free
fare .. .'..... ........;.......¦...
•60 coal ' miners for : New Mexico; gardener,
country hotel.' s2s; 3 blacksmiths, country, $2
a day; horseshoer, $2 50 to $3 a day; 6 pruners
and grafters. : $26 and board: woodchoppers,
and others. C. R. HANSEN & CO.; 104 Geary.
TWO - single-hand i miners, $2 50 a day; . 2 un-
derground carmen, $2 a day. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st. .
WANTED— A good cloak salesman: must- un-
derstand cloak business thoroughly. Address
box 2643, Call office. :
WANTED — 4 Scandinavians for a mine, to <
handle ore cars or work on furnace at $2 to
• $2 CO per day. no experience required, good
steady Job; also woodchoppers, tie makers,
bolt makers, farmers, milkers, cooks, waiters
and dishwashers. W. D. EWER & CO., 610
Clay st.
GOOD MORNING! ;
Do you want to-day a competent
COACHMAN
BUTLER
.' GARDENER or :
Man about place?... '
If so communicate with us! We have a num- .
ber on hand with first-class references. No :
charges and satisfaction guaranteed. W. D.
EWER & CO.. Employment Agent 3, 610 Clay.
WANTED— Upholsterers, good wages: Ameri-
can foreman for gravel mine, $3 day: 4
pruners, $25 month and $1 day and board;
colored boy for doctor's office, $13 week;
choreboy for ranch. $10 and found; old man
to care for place, $5 and found: farmers, $20.
$25 and $26; milker. $25: woodchoppers. $1 75
cord, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— German head waiter. $35 and found ;
restaurant second cook. $50; short-order cook.
$35 to $40 and found; dishwashers and others.
j. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
DISHWASHER. German preferred. $25 month.
MRS. LAMBERT, 41S Powell st. •
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEi:s*.,
Employment Secy.. C3O Market, downstair*.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. See. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— Good tailor on custom coats; steady
work. 559 A Minna st.
BOOTBLACK wanted. 1333 Market, corner
Tenth. . <
NIGHT cashier. Bay State . Restaurant. 29
Stockton st.
MAN cook, boarding-house. 322 Main st.
WANTED— A man or lady to sell a lodging-
house; I will pay $100 commission; price $1000;
45 rooms; good location; full of roomers. For •
particulars address box. 2640, Call oElce.
CREAMERY man to jun separator; make but-
ter; apply In dairy. 239 Seventh st. :
DISHWASHER wanted: 108 Hayes st. :
WANTED— Partner with small capital In good
paying show buslnesa and sell medicine. Call ;
at Keystone saloon. Grant aye. and Bush st.
A MAN understands grinding and polishing ;
shells. 23 Stevenson st.. room 17. ¦ •
WANTED— Reliable man to deliver and collect: ;
salary $15 per week and expenses. Address .
Globe Co.. 723 Chestnut St.. Philadelphia, Pa.
GOOD horseshoer and wagon-maker; steady po- '¦
sltlon for the right man. Call 1221 Webster.
YOUNG men as agents: good terms. Call aft- 1
ernoons. Art Photo Button Co., 1027H Market.
WANTED— Good bedmaksr; wages $4 per week.
829 Howard st. •
WANTED— Salesmen for retail grocery busl-
ners; give referenca and wages expected. '
Box 2636, Call. '
FIRST-CLASS barber for evening. Saturday !
and Sunday. 947 Flllmore st., near McAllis-
ter; goodwaces. ' .
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half <
price. E62 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
BARBER shop; 2 chairs; uptown; good stand; '
cheap. STOLTZ. 630 Market st. ¦
BARBER shop to let. Inquire drug store. 1101
San Pablo aye.. Oakland.
MOST liberal proposition will be made to cap-
able, successful subscription book salesmen.
Call upon or address Manager, 927 Market st., ',
room 622. .
GOOD Industrial agent for debit. W. N.
CHAPMAN. 611 Montgomery. 12:30 to 1 p. m.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade In 8 weeks; •
day and evening class; special Inducement -
this season; handsome Illustrated catalogue
and souvenir free; only Institution In the ;
world teaching the barber and hairdressing -
trades. MO-ER'S BARBEJt COLLEGE. 635
Clay st. Branches— San Francisco. New York, .
Et. Louis, Chicago. Minneapolis.
A MAN and wife; man to work outside and
woman in house; country references requlr- '
cd. H. M. L.. Valley Ford. Cal.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 250
to 50c. 5G2 Mission st.. between Ist and 2d sts.
STEADY man and wife can have free rent In
exchange for housekeeping service; give ref-
erence. Address box 1106, Call.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade: day
and evening classes. Expert instruction at !
S. F. BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard st.
SEAMEN, blacksmiths and carpenters for
ships at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st. j
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attor- :
neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, 15c and 250
', per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard read. rm.
WANTED— IOO men to try onr 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper: best 4n city. 406 McAllister.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room: free >
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. ; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscription!) lias been opened
at 1223 Polk st. : open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st. ¦
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale
A HANDSOME black road team, rode along In
:40, four and five year old and fit for a lady
to drive; about 15 hands high. Inquire at 1625
Market St.. above Twelfth.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
CO HEAD fine draught and' driving horses at
1621 and 1625 Market st.. bat. Twelfth and
Brady; also 'some fine matched black teams.
LONG body delivery wagon, eood as new, $50;
horse. $25; horse, $20. 19 City Hall aye.
FOR sale — Gentleman's road horse and bike
buggy. DALZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 G. G. ay.
HOUSES LODGIXG FOR SALE.
."! Z '. ".^ .13-ROOM HOUSE" ON GEARY '.''. ?. ".'. T.
New Elegant Upright Piano
Good furniture: clears $100
I Price $1500. DECKER. 1020 Market et.
26-Room House: Worth $1000
Price $450. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
7-ROOM house; only $150
33 rooms; rent $10 $1300
24 rooms; easy payments $SOO
6-room flat; new $350
32 rooms; corner; only $1200
10 rooms; on O'Farrell St.. $325
10 rooms; on Taylor st.: worth $300 $450
112 rooms: corner; clears $150 $1600
10-room flat., clears $150 $500
Corner on Market; clears $400; 104 rooms.. s4 SOO
Near Call office; worth $2000; 29 r00m5.... 51200
Mod. house: elev.; clears $500: 84 r00m5... 56500
CALL. I CAN SUIT YOU IN TERMS.
PRICE AND LOCATION. MONEY TO LOAN
ON ANY HOUSE. TELEPHONE JOHN 61.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
R. H. WINSTON & CO., 1028 MAKKET ST.
20 rooms; near Market st.: reduced t0... $800
22 rooms: part cash; paying house 850
24 rooms; rent $45; a pick up 650
26 rooms: rent $35; corner; only $00
27 rooms; part cash: central: see It 1200
$7 rooms; rent $75; Investigate 1100
j 38 rooms; rent $65; good location 800
46 rooms; 2 corners; rent $95 1700.
47 rooms: near Powell: transient 2150
MONEY TO LOAN AT 2 PER CENT.
65 ROOMS; finest corner in city $5000
120-rooms hotel; big snap 5500
13 rooms; fine and central 425
23 rooms; good; . central. 850
Many others; all sizes, prices and locations.
Paciflc States Realty Co., 320 Parrott bldg.
$3CO— 21 ROOMS: good location; all rented.
$425—22 rooms; all rented: rent $25 a month.
$830—28 rooms; north of Market st.: low rent.
$950 — 40 rooms; all rented; rent $75 month.
$1200— 63 rooms; rent $100. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
$400— LODGING-HOUSE: 22 rooms: bargain; on
account of departure. McLAUGHLIN & CO..
777% Market st.
A FINE transient; 37 rooms: clearing $150
monthly: central: big sacrifice: must sell.
Paciflc States Realty Co.. 320 Parrott bldg.
; SPECIAL bargain— 9-room house; 8 rooms next
door; one clears expense of both. Paciflc
States Realty Co.. 320 Parrott building. .
12 ROOMS: full of good furniture and (rood
people; 1 block of Market; $400; rent $30: clears
$35; owner sick: leaving city. M. GRIFFIN,
719 Market st.. near Call building.
HOUSES TO LET.
(.—PRINTED list; houses to let; send for clr-
1 cnlar. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 657 Market st.
110H Turk: 8 r .$47 £0 I 1014 Treat ay., 8 r..518
1345 Howard: 5 r....519 00 | 510 Jones; 6 r Jlj
MINNA, 2S— Lodging house of 21 rooms; all
occupied: best location for worklngmen: rose-
wood Dlano, 8 stoves and everything else ac-
cordlng.
TO -let— Furnished or unfurnished: . modern
house of 10 rooms, with stable In rear; Sl7
Union st. Inquire A. DECOURTEUX. tt»
, Merchant st.
;, „_— , . -.n. n> _, - iru _
LOST— On boat or train between San Fran-
cisco and Martinez. Saturday. January 3. wal-
let containing pai^rs of no value to any one
but owner. Return to Ely I. Hutchinson.
room 5, ninth floor. Mills building, or Con-
cord, Cal.. and receive suitable reward, or
s»nd information to box 26D2. Call Office.
SUNDAY— BIack fur cape, on Sacramento,
Kearny or Bush st. Return to 22Vi Geary,
room 20; reward.
LOST— Black cocker spaniel pup In Mission;
reward. 211318 Howard st.
LOST— On Eddy St., Sunday, Feb. 4. white dog;
collar and tag. Return to baths. Bay «., bet.
Taylor and Jones, reward 42.
A BRACELET, bet. Harrison and Bryant. Re-
turn to 407 1 i Harrison st. and receive reward,
$15 REWARD-Return of seal muff with head;
lost on California st. or Poik. bet. Calllorala
and Pine. Return to 626 Market st.
LOST— GoId watch: engraved B. S. on case.
Return to 2230 Paciflc aye.: reward.
MEDICAL. — —
MRS. DR. KOHL, the onTy~reliable ladies' phy-
slclan and specialist of long and successful
practice^ private home for patients before and
during confinement; best cf care; guaranteed
treatment at office. $5; safe and reliable; con-
sultation free. 1122 Market St., b:tween Ma-
son aad Taylor: hours, 9 to 5.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable ladles' physician
and specialist; home for patients In confine-
ment or with chronic diseases: best care;
guaranteed treatment at office. $5; consulta-
tion free. »« post St.. bet. Hyde and Lar-
kin ; hours, 10 to 5, 7 to 8.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
• ladies' specialist: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free: success guaranteed.
Write or call ar 1023 1 , Market st.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES, ITS Market; ladles-
physician; chronic diseases treated: late scien-
tific methods; cure guaranteed: treatment, i".
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market, ladles' spectal-
lst: guaranteed treatment at office. $5; saf*
and reliable; consultation free; hours 10 to S.
DRS. GOODWIN, ladles' specialists; maternity
home; best care; low fees. 1007H Market st.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1113 Market
st.: every case guaranteed; $3 up.
DR. PIERCE. liM Turk St.. the eminent fe— _»
specialist; home or office treatment $3.
DR. AND MRS. M. WEGENER-Prtvate homa
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
MRS. DR. GWYER. SID Eddy st.. bet. Hyd«
and Larkin: hours, 10> to 12, 2 to 4 and 7 to S.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address In tha
United States or Canada on« year for $1.
postage paid.
METAPHYSICS.
COLLEGE— Suggestive therapeutics, telepathy.
occultism: free clinic Tues. svr. 308 Larkin.
~~ MIXES AXD MIXING.
CAPE NOME rockers. $10; also dry washers tst
dry placers, $40. 632 Market St.. room 5.
CARTERS Gold Mine shares: fortune makers;
dividend payers; quoted on Pacl2o Stock Ex-
change; 62 cents p«r share or monthly Install-
ments; send for prospectus. CARTERS GOLD
MINING CO.. 220 California St.. rooms 5-7.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALS.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-IOM Mission,
St.. above Sixth.
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand. machinery. Mo>
INTOBH & WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont st,
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
16 ELEGANT band uniforms for sale, cheap.
G. A. FABRIES, 613 Shrader st.
ANY parties having Angora goats for sale ad-
dress H.. 226 National aye. San Diego. Cal.
FOR sale— Fox terrier pup, thoroughbred,
cheap. 2721 # Sutter st.
FOR sale — 10,000 feet new rubber belting; lead-
ing brands, slightly damaged: utility unim-
paired; 50 per cent saving. ROBERT BRAND
& CO.. £21 Third St.. Oakland. Cal.
FOR SALE — 1 fine new hot air furnace: 1 ele-
gant French range; SO feet solid walnut book-
cases: 3 elecant cedar-lined walnut ward-
robes. Box 2607. Call office.
A FIVE-STONE opal ring: price $10; cost $3*
UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
FOR sale — Great Dane pups; good padigrei".
Enterprise Hotel, cor. Sixteenth and Foisom.
FOR sale— Thoroughbred Great Dane pups, with
pedigrees, at 43» Twenty-ninth st.
BAND saw. buzz saw, buzz planer; 7 horss
engine. Inquire 1634 Mission st.
GENUINE Ricca mandolin at a bargain.
Plaza Loan Offlce, 702 Kearny. St.
A 10-TON FAIRBANKS scale and fire and bur-
; glar proof safe. 6 California st.
SAFES — New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes:
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. Th«
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market St.. S. F.. CaL
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records. $2 80. BACIQALUPL.
$33 Market St.. San Francisco.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITSLAW. 218 Spear at.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. nr. Plna.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. mange cure; by all drug-
gists, or Dog Hospital. SlO Golden Gate aye.
ONE 4-slded sticker; 1 planer and matcher; t
air compressor; S locomotives. 220 Fremont.
DRESS pants. $3 73; fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, Kl3 Montgomery st.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planers, lathes.
Iron A wood; 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 133 Beala.
NEW and cecond-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1832 Market su
NEW style Singer sewing machines; S drawers 1
oak: complete: cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. Uth.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. B. White. 518 Mission.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekl-
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In tn*
United States cr Canada on» year for $1.
postage paid.
MISCELLAXEOUS AVAXT9.
WANTED— To buy a grocery and bar or cigar
store. Address box 2534. Call office.
GOOD second-hand piano: must be cheap; caah;
no dealers. Box 1502. Call.
MOMSY TO LOAN.
ANY proposition, any amount; • per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, life Insurance; chattel
mortgages; confidential: advice free. G. EL
OL6EN, room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
AVOID delay: try all others, then see me; $30
to $100,000; 8 per cent: Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages, estates In prcbata. undivided interests la
estates legacies and mortgages bought : advlcs
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. 632 Market.
ANY amoont at ( per cent; Ist. 2d and M mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay: g«t my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
literal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 845 Market
st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
MOST reliable Place_, to l»rrow on dlaxnonds.
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell gt.
AT 126 Kearny St.. room 9. respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds: lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 935.
ON furniture and pianos without removal: quick
service; money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
£3 and 63. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
ON REAL estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and 00
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 28 Montgomery st.
TO salaried men. without collateral or Indorser;
other propositions; private rooms. San Fran-
cisco Discount Agency. H3 Phe'.an bullain?.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 33S Parrott build-
ing— Men can secure loans on personal note.
AT m per cent per month, on furniture. 1501
Polk St.. OTTO MAX.
LOANS to salaried people. TOL'SLEY. 430 Par-
rott buildlm. ,
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRSLL. 609 Examiner building.
$50 TO $50 000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgs. ;
any .proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
O\ furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
moW morey see 11. MURPHY. 630 Market »t.
MOXEY WAXTE D.
WANT to" borrow $7000 for 2 years; security,
950 acres In noted fruit section. Capay Valley.
Yolo County: 22 acres In bearing orchard
(apricots and prunes). 300 acres cultivated In
grain, balance grazing lands. Box 2803, Call.
HELP WAXTED MALE.
HELP .WAXTED AGENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.,, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1900.
LOST AXD FOOD.
10LADlK»«— Chlcbester's Kmrlleh pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliables take no other;
tend 4c (tamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladles." In letter by return mall; at drug-
rl»t*. Chlcheiter Ch*mlral Co., Phlladel.. . Pa.
MODERN flats— Ji&OO; containing ( and 8 rooms
each; highly decorated and finlehed with all
modern conveniences; S2l Waller st., one
block from Halght and Pierce; easy terms.
F. NELSON. Builder.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements' and
nbecrtptlons ha* been established at 10S8 Va-
lencia st. ¦ •
ROSEDALE House. 31» & 321 Ellis st.— Rooms
night. 25c to >1; week. 81 25 to 84; open night.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
Local trains between Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno, Banford, Visalia, Tularo r>n»r»
and Bakersfield. KUAU
SEE YOU IN San Francisco office. 623
•FDKm «nriN Market Street. Phone Main
TKttlU aUUPi 1531; OakUnd< ln3 Broad-
way; Sacramento, 2ol J Street; San Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara Street.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Stage* connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Spring*: at Oeys«rvllU for Skaggs
Springs; at Cloverdale. for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Keleeyville. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Lleriey's.
Bucknell'a. Sanhedrln Heights. HuUvlUe, Orr^s
Hot Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg.
WestDort. Usal. Wllllu. Laytonvilla. Cum-
ralngs's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsea's. Dyer.
Ecctia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip ticket* at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rate*.
Ticket offices. «S0 Market St.. Chronic!* bids.
H. C. "WHITINO. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pas*. Agent.
California Limited
Santa Fe Route
T2GMICAGO
Thla I* the quickest runnlnj and most
luxurious train across the continent.
Connecting Tkaix Leaves San Fk a.ncisco:
S P.n. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday,- arriving in Chicago at 2:15
P.n In time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leaves San Francisco at 5:30
FYDDFCt p. ra. with Palace and Toamt
n a ?T O c*9 f or Kansas Cay, St. Loma,
DAILY Chicago and East.
DIED.
Abrahams, Lesser Hornleln, A. Emll
Blanchfleld. Mrs. Jordan. Albert E.
Hannah Kr&mm. Charles H.
Bockman. John C. Lawrence, Ellen
Boyle, Mary Mayhew, George H.
Brunner, Phillip Murphy, Amy M.
Buckley, Mary A. Nelson. Charles A.
Costello, Edward O'Neil, Ellen
Carter. Andrew Roberts, James H.
Dohs, Mary A. Robrs. John D.
Dougherty, Henry Russell. Emma
Duncan. Robert S. Smith, Henry
Fay. Sophia Smyth, Charles S.
Feherty, Phillip Storrs, Virginia E.
Godfrey. Rebecca B. Tebbetts, Anne B.
Hamill. Amelia C. H. Tuckerman, Michael
Hilson, Salomon
ABRAHAMS— In this city, February 3. 1900,
Leeser, beloved husband of Rlecke Abrahams.
father of Sam and Jack Abrahams, 'and
brother of Mrs. H. Jacobs, Mrs. R. Jacobs
and Llppman, Max, Charles and H. Abra-
hams, a native of Germany, aged 38 year* and
8 months.
BLANCHFIELD— In this city, February 4, 1900,
Mrs. Hannah' Blanchfleld, dearly beloved wife
of Thomas Blanchfleld, and mother of Stella
Blanehfleld, a native of County Tlpperary,
Ireland.
BZTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 228 Oak street, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, corner of Fillmore and Fell streets,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
BOCKMAN-In this city. February 4, 1900.
John C, beloved husband of Marie W. . Bock-
man. father of H. W.. J. R. and F. C. Bock-
1 man and Mrs. Marie yon Borneman. and
uncle of Clara Bockman. a native of Ger-
many, aged 70 years 5 months and 8 days.
• A member of Golden Gate Stamm No.- 74, U.
¦ O. R. M. (New York papers please copy.)
(£7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 414 Brannan street. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
BOYLE— In this city. February 4. 1900, Mary,
beloved wife of James Boyle, daughter of Ann
and . the late Simon Farrell. and sister of
Teresa Deinlng, Jotephlne, Campbell! Maggie
McNulty and the late Annie Farrell, a native
of San Francisco, aged 82 years.
BRUNNER— In this city. February 4, 1900,
Phillip, dearly beloved husband of Barbara
Brunner, and father of Fred and Phillip
Brunner Jr.. a. native of Germany, aged 48
years and 14 crj-s.
C7"FTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 888 Dolores street, near Twenty-seo-
©nd. thence to Elntracht Hall, Twelfth street,
near Folsom. where services will be held
under the auspices of Verein Eintracht. com-
mencing at 2 o'clock. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
BUCKLEY— At rest in this city, February 4,
1900, Mary A., beloved wife of Jere J. Buck-
ley, and mother of J. A. and J. Buckley, Mrs.
E. Summervllle and the late C. A. Buckley,
a native of South Boston. Macs. (Boston,
Mass.. papers please copy.)
(CTThe funeral will take place thla day
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 103 BreWster street, near California
avenue, thence to St. Peter's Church, where
services will be held for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 11 o'clock. Interment
private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
COSTELLO— In this city, February 4, 1900, Ed-
ward, beloved son of the late James and
Margaret Costello. and brother of Joseph,
Michael. George, Julia and Margaret Cos-
tello. Mrs. Wallace Jamison and Mrs. Frank
E. Wilson, a native of San Francisco, aged 25
years and 24 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resl-
. dence. 1006H Natoma street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, Tenth and Howard streets.
for services. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
CARTER— In Oakland, February 4, 1800, An-
drew Carter. »on 0' Andrew and Carrie Car-
ter, a native of California, aged 6 days.
(C7'FrlendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral service*
this day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at the resi-
dence, 562 Eighth street, Oakland. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery.
DOUGHERTY— In this city, February 5, 1900
Henry, beloved husband of Mary Dougherty'
and beloved father of Hanna Dougherty a
native of County Derry, Ireland, aged 43 years
and 2 month*.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
PARALYSIS;
ALL NERVOUS DISEASES;
OSSIFICATION:
HARD TUMORS:
ALL ABNORMAL ENLARGEMENTS;
RHEUMATIFM IN ALL FORMS;
ECROFULA. ECZEMA: EKIN DISEASES.
CONSUMPTION:
OLD STANDING CHRONIC DISEASES.
Cured where all ether have failed.
NO DRUGS! NO KNIFE!
Different from any other treatment.
V.'rite for references. Consultation free.
DR. L. J. 6TRATTON. 507. V* an 4 EW. Par-
rott building. (Over the Emporium.)
A— "THE ELMER HOUSE." 824 Bush St.. ad-
joining the Russ Hotel; 84 rooms; all prices.
732 Laura Marie ....103 70? Count Hubert \.112
732 Cath. Bravo ....112 726 Com Cake 112
... Socapa 115 ... Prince David ...lls
... On Time US 726 Belarlo 115
Third race, six furlongs; three-year-olds;
selling. . .. ... -
. 730 St. Anthony ....104 730 Alee 107
693 Daniel 104 723 Redwald 107
... Frank Duffy ...104 710 Ailenna 102
(730)Flcrldan 104 72» Tuthlll 107
Fourth race, one and an eighth miles; four
year-olds and up; selling; handicap.
t?l Tassajara 82' 739 None Such . 103
514 Vlnctora S3 (723) T0m Calvert ... >7
718 Perseus 105 740 Wild Het 83
739 Coda 100 715 Judge Wofford,.loo
6*l Be Happy 100 739 Alicia 106
731 Rio Chico 100 709 Dr. Marks 108
739 Ace .108 739 Stuttgart 112
Fifth race, six furlongs; three-year-olds and
up; handicap.
(6S3)Andrl!>!-a ,109 (735)G00d Hope 110
706 Lew Kara .90 727 Cormorant 118
(608) Loving Cup ....115 722 Theory 110
698 Frank Bell ....120 705 Norford 97
740 Midlove 113 713 Ell* Boland ...100
698 Ben Ledi .......115
Sixth race, one mile: four-year-olds and up;
purse.
734 Del Paso II 113 71« Formero 100
673 Hohenlohe 104 (734)Flamero 11l
670 Greyhurst 11l 720 Tempo 10*
715 Ringmaster 116 (715)Ollnthus 11l
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Dogtoro, Meadowlark. Glen Anne.
Anne.
Second race— Count Hubert, Laura Marie.
Woeful. v.-^'.V
Third race— Tuthlll, Redwald, Florldan.
Fourth race— Tom Calvert, Stuttgart, Dr.
Marks.
Fifth race— And rissa. Theory, Frank Bell.
¦ Sixth race— Formero, Ollnthus, Flamero.
ROOMS TO LIST — Furn. and I'nfnrn.
A^BRUNSWICK~HOUsS i4T~Slxth^3looms
25c to $1 per night: $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping: open all night.
OAK, 119—1 large sunny back room: yard; sep-
arate entrance: ranee; storage: $6.
Catvr DIVISION (Nai-roit Cauge).
(Foot ct Market Street.)
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE:
$60 CASH. $8 E0 monthly till paid for; chicken
run 150x256 feet; sandy loam soil; plenty of
good water; level land; site, climate and soil
the best; no fogs nor cold winds; 3 buildings
now completed; Westall Tract, adjoining East
Oakland; close to electrlo car line, 90- foot
' boulevard and fine school; price, all told, $590.
Call or send for circular; 455 Seventh st., near
corner Broadway, Oakland; carriage free.
HENRY Z. JONES, owner.
tf SLIGHTLY uiw-d high and medium grade
pianos; *per!aJ dincounts for cash: open Sat.
evening. Heine Tiano Mfg. Co.. 138 Ellle st.
A FEW more pianos will be sold this week for
storaf*. cheap fcr ca»h: correspondence solic-
ited: $<0 up. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market.
CHICKEPJNG grand, $3 per mo.; Irving & Co.
«;uarr. JJ3. Pcott-Curtai Piano Co., 560 Hayes.
LARGE ftock cf Baldwin and other standard
pisnoe- rr;c-#« reduced to Insure prompt «ale».
W C HAMILTON. 224 Port Ft.
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and low priced piano*
• here th-y can be exchanged for a Eteinway
witfcla three years and have full purchase
price allowed. We are selling new upright
pianos for $6 per month, and *ome g rood pianos
for $3. J4 and $5 per mcr.th. SHERMAN.
CLAY & CO.. Eteinway Dealers, cor. Kearny
end Sutler st«.. San Francisco.; corner Thir-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland^
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Montgomery St., room* 9-10; tel. (520.
FOR «ale, cheap— New 2-story houses. 1 rooms;
latest Improvement*; Noe and Hill *t*.; near
C**tro-tt. can; patent eldewalk.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successor* to Flannagan & Gallagher) '
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMBRS,
SO Fifth St.. opposite Llnooln School.
Telephone Soutb SU.
ROOMS - papered from $3: whitened. $1 -up
. painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
FOR nale cheap— House of 5 rooms, conserva-
tor}" and b*.th: lot 25x137:6; all street and
sewer work done; will be sold cheap on ac-
count of departure. Apply 221 Waller st.
COMFORTABLE dwelling; 8 rooms and attic;
J3C2 Bush et., north elde. near Webeter. with
or without furniture, at a. bargain. Apply 11.
M. HEYNUMAN. 108 Sansome st.
INQUIRE 141 Fulton at.; fine flats; near City
Hall, within 2 block*.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tteements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Tolk St.; open until • p. m.
THE Oaks. 113 Third— A pood rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
eubscrlptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. ; cpen until I p. m.
STOCKTON. 603— Nicely furnished eunny
rooms, single, double and housekeeping.
STEVENSON. 610-Sunny front rooms; single or
double: light housekeeping.
CIRCUIT COURT OF APPEALS.
Southern Pacific Company Saved One
Hundred Dollars by Going to
the Court.
The Circuit Court of Appeals rendered
the following opinions yesterday:
Southern Pacific Company vs. J. -w
Hall, defendant In error. Hall recovered
a verdict for $8500 damages for injuries
sustained by stepping oft a train at Red
ding into an uncovered water box.belong
ing to the railroad company. The Court
of Appeals reduced the damages to $8400
and. sustained the Judgment of the lower
court. -The Southern Pacific Company
saved Just JlOO by taking the appeal.
The Judgment of the Circuit Court in
the case of Redfleld Proctor of Vermont
against the city and county of San Fran
cisco In favor of the city and county was
sustained by the Court of Appeals. Proc
tor's suit was to recover a portion of La.
fayette Square, which he claimed to hold
by title of an old pueblo grant. The
court decided that Proctor had no title
whatever, and that the title was in the
city and county.
The judgment of the lower court was
sustained -in the case of* Frank E. Ding
ley vb. the Mutual Life Insurance Com
pany of New York to recover the amount
of a policy, for $25,000. The court decided
that the company must pay the policy.
WALK TO OFFICE. WALK HOME.
Only $7800— Two cozy bay-window flat*. I
rooirj and bath each; latest plumbing; 6 man-
trie pay well; near Hotel Granada; $4700 bank
jacrtgase at 6 per cent; this is a very fine bar-
gain, en It Is very desirable and worth more
mon^y.
H. E. POEHLMAN, Real Estate Agent.
221 Montgomery st.
A BARGAIN: $1000. part cash, buys a corner
house of 8 rooms. 2 fiat* of 4 rooms; separate
entrances; streets graded; central location:
r.ear street car*, electric lights, etc.; the
cheapest and most desirable place of resi-
dence ta San Francisco Is st Ocean View;
houses on Installment*; lots from $125 to $210
In choice locations. THISTLETON, 272 6a-
dowa St., Ocean View.
ROYAL House, 126 EUis St.— lncandescent light,
reading room, smoking room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, Ssc to $1 60; week, $2 to
$8; month. Sg to $30; elevator on offlc* floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
Dr. A. Huttinger of Portland, Or., is a
guest at the Grand.
R. M. Shackelford, a well known rancher
of Paso Robles, is Btaying at the Lick.
T. -R- Minturn, a wealthy land owner
of. Stockton, Is registered at the Palace.
Jacob Schramm, a wealthy vineyardlst
of St. Helena, Is a guest at the Califor
nia.
J. B. Crandall, a prominent business
man of San Jose, is registered at the
Palace.
Editor E. B. Willis of the Sacramento
Record-Union Is at the Rust with his
wife.
j ; T. Housman. a prominent mining
man of San Andreas, is registered at the
Lick. i' "*>'.;
R. L. Malcolm, a traveler from Austra
lia, is among the recent arrivals at the
Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. William M. S. Moore of
Ireland are registered for a short «tay
at the Palace.
John A. Mclntire. the Sacramento mina
owner, is among the arrivals of yesterday
at the Grand. £K£s
Mr. and Mrs. H. C. Barnabee and W. F.
McDonald of the Bostonlana are regis
tered at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. O. V. Allen, prominent
society people of Astoria, Or., are stay
ing at the Occidental.
Dr. M. M. Shean, one of the leading
medical men of Santa Rosa, is at the
Grand, accompanied by his wife.
George P. Simpson, the Stockton capi
talist, Is at the Occidental, where he ar
rived yesterday. Mrs. Simpson accom
panies her husband.
John Flnnell, one of the best-known
ranchers In the State, is among . the ar
rivals of yesterday at the Palace. He
registers from Tehama County.
A. P. Stewart, traveling passenger agent
of the Chicago and Alton, is. in town for
a few days on business connected with
his road. He. is staying at the Occidental.
J. A. Filcher, manager of the California
State Board of Trade, will leave to-mor
row for Paris, where he will install and
manage the Southern Pacific Company's
exhibit at the International Exposition.
His position will be that of assistant man
ager. \V. H. Mills holding the first hon
ors of manager. Mr Mills and Mr.
Filcher will meet in London some months
hence and proceed to Paris. In the mean
time Mr. Filcher will have had the exhib
its well arranged. •
PROPERTY WANTED.
EDDY. 4TS— 2 bright sunny rooms; well fur-
nlEhed; rent reasonable.
Leave I . Arrive
Ean Francisco. In Effsct San Francisco.
1 October 13, » 1 ¦
Week I Sun- 1899. Sun- j Week
Days. I days. Destination, days. ! Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 ami 8:40 ar.i
t.SO pm 9:80 am Petaluma. (:0S pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:33 pro' 6:23 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:23 am
Healdsburg*.
Lytton.
Geyaervllle.
1:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. f 7:3S pm 1:23 pm
7:30 ami JHopland and] j
f 8:C0 ami Uklah. f 7:3S pmf «:23 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am GuerneTlUe. 7:35 pm
3:»opm «:22 pm
7:10 am 8:00 am Soncma 10:40 am 8:40 am
I ' and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 8:05 pm l-Cpm
7:30 ami 3:00 ami SebastopoL [10:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm | 6:00 p.n | | 7:35 pm «:23 pm
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
CARROLLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye. — Sunny corner: well furn.; rms. & offices.
BURNETT. 142S Market St. (old No. 13M)— Fur-
r.lshed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
POLYCHROME paper, rich In tone, easy to
work; low price; cample dozen 4x5 and devel-
oper mailed Tic. Cal. Camera Co.. 22 Geary.
BOHEMIA. 239 Post., -cor. Stockton— Sunny cor-
ner suite and single rooms: hot and cold
water; elevator and all conveniences.
Civil Service Veterans.
At a meeting of the Civil War Veterans
last evening President Martin Murray de
livered an address congratulating the as
sociation upon the action of President Mc-
Klnley in the matter of civil service, as
serting that under his ruling all veterans
heretofore removed without cause can
make application to be reinstated. The
secretary read a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury and one from
the Civil Service Commission conveying
the information that the heads of depart
ments can reinstate veterans at pleasure.
It was decided to communicate with
President McKinley and call hia atten
tion to several veterans who have not yet
been reinstated.
MARRIED.
WALKER— BROWN— In Elmhurst. Cal., Janu-
ary 31. 1900. by the Rev. Edward E. Clark.
Leon John Walker of Sacramento and Bessie
E. Brown of San Francisco.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. It pages, sent to any addreas In the
United States or Canada one year for Jl.
portage paid.
COLEMAN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools,
carpets, eld gold; »end for him. EO6 Kearny.
FTGER'S sweepers are the best and cheapest.
All kinds repaired and for sale at 842 Butter.
A BRANCH offlce ror Call advertisements anl
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky r ts. : open till 9 p. m.
Bonds to Improve Streets.
The annual meeting of the North Cen
tral Improvement Association will be held
to-morrow. Officers will be elected for
the ensuing term. In addition to the rou
tine proceedings a proposition will come
up for discussion relating to the improve
ment of the pavements of the streets in
the wholesale section between Kearny
and Kast streets, Market street and the
bay. excepting Telegraph Hill streets.
There. are thirty-five cobbled blocks in
the section outlined and many blocks that
are uneven and hard to use for heavy
teaming. The sense of the meeting will
be taken concerning the advisability of
proposing a municipal bond issue to pro
vide the necessary funds.
STROMO LANDED
AT LONG ODDS
Continued From Fourth Page.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Feb. 5.-J. E. Godley
of San Francisco is at the Arlington. J.
I. Crawell of Los Angeles is at WHlard's.
A for Morning. 1" for Afternoon.
* Dally. t Sunday exeeptert. t smicla/ only.
b Saturday only.
¦*Jt»ei<JaT» »nd FridiT* • Thorsdaji tod Soudan
CALIFORNIA NORTnWESTEROY7cO^
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tituron Ferry, Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCSO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS — 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 13:33.
• :SO, 5:10. i: 30 p. in. Thursday*— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. ra. Saturdays— Extra trip* at liis*
and 11:30 o. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 9:30. U 1. m.; l:30t »:3*.
6:00. 1:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCSO.
WEEK DA YS— 6:lO. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. ra. ; 11:45.
1:40. 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at 1:55
and (:33 p. m.
SUNDA^S—B:IO. »:40. U:18 a. m.; 1:40. J:*o. 5:09.
1:25 p. m.
Betwe«n San Francisco and Scbuetzen Part*
same schedule as above.
IS NOT A LADT.
EELLE— OUDRY
rEUSONAL.9.
NATOMA. SS4. near Fourth— 2 front furnished
housekeeping rooms; water, sink andtdoeet.
COAST I>l VISION" (l!roail<;«acr).
(Third a»u TownsenU Bta)
NATOMA. 60— t housekeeping rooms, $5 60; no
children; no dogs; tun ail day.
PALMISTRY.
OAKLAND Branch Offlce of The Call re-
moved to 111S Broadway, Oakland. Adver-
tisements and subscriptions received.
C»— STORE; 2 show windows and S larg* rooms;
adapted to «ny business. 42* Sixth st.
MARKET. 1824— Nice cory room; sun; large
closet; telephone; rent $8.
MARKET. 1018— Two rooms, partly furnished
for housekeeping. $6: single rooms $3.
OAKLAND FURNISHED ROOMS.
FRANKLIN. 1427— Sunny rooms; newly fur-
nished; near to narrow gauge.
OFFICES AXD STORES — TO LET.
CNION-'squ'aße" building, opposite City of
Paris. Etocktoa and Geary *ta.— Elegast new
offices and store*.
HARRISON. 731— Front and back parlor, furn.
complete for houeekeepg; large yard; rent $13.
OAKLAND Branch Offlce of The Call re-
moved to 1118 Broadway, Oakland. Adver-
tisements and subscriptions received.
GOLDEN GATE. 404 — Complete and well-fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; gas range, bath;
$12 to to $30.
$2200 ONLY.
7 rooms, bath; all the latest Improvements:
lot 40x123; street work all complete; splendid
residence location: cost late owner $3500; must
be sold this week. J. S. MEYERS, 1002
Broadway. Oakland.
ELLIS. 1416— Two unfurnished rooms; *unny;
grate and closets; light housekeeping.
$3800— OWNED by a bank and have Instruc-
tions to sell for cash -or easy terms, this 9-
room house, barn, coachman's room, eta; lot
65- foot front; splendid flower garden; foun-
tain In front yard; parlor laid In hard wood;
an Ideal home and right In the heart of the
city and close to trains to San Francisco; see
It. J. S. MEYERS. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch offlce, 1200 Fillmore st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CALIFORNIA. 2523— Sunny room; 1 or J gentle-
men; breakfast If desired; private family;
references exchanged.
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Baccn and Hallett & Davis piano*.
CHEAPEST and beet In America— The Weekly
Cal 1. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
LOVELY Mlllbrae villa tract: fenced; treee;
complete water works. BUTTERFIELD, 927
Market st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
WANTED— Unimproved cheap Kern County
land for canh; etate price and location. Box
1542, Call office.
A FULL iir.e cf pianos and organs, new and
second hand, fcr cash or Installments, at
MAUVAIS, T€9 Market et. ..•; ;
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
mcthrbm r»«'iFic ranri.lT,
(racirio ststcm.)
Trslma leave nml nre «!»»«» ¦• itrrli* ••
MAN FIMXCI.iro.
(Main line. Foot of ilarkct Street 1
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency, 145 6th; phone Mint 45.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
A SPECIAL offering of silt-edge. Income, home
ranch, that simply cannot be surpassed; S5
acres, every Inch of which Is very choicest of
deep and rich, highly cultivated, practically
level loam; Al fencing; E5 acres perfection of
full-bearing orchard; 20 acres currants, yield-
ed CJO chest* last year; magnificent 8-room,
modern residence; complete set of fine out-
buildings; all shaded by grove of large oaks;
abundance pure water under pressure In
buildings and grounds; living creek; adjoin-
ing craded school; only 2 miles by level,
sprinkled road from Hay wards; will sacrifice;
might subdivide.
N. D. SICKELS. the LAND AGENT,
10 Geary st.. opp. Chronicle building, S. F.
AVERAGE income over Jl5OO a year; unequaled
lootion and most magnificent orchard home
In the Etate; sacrificed at $5500; worth $10,001;
free of debt, but peculiar circumstances com-
pel sale. N. D. SICKELS— THE LAND
AGENT. 10 Geary, opp. Chronicle bldg., 8. F.
THE CALL'S RAGING CHART.
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY— For Sale
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1900.
DOHS— In this city, February 6, 1900, Mary
Anna Dohs, dearly beloved wlf* of Charle*
Dohs, a native of County Kerry, ; Ireland,
aged 78 years 7 months and 14 days.
ICrFriend* and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at S:3O o'clock, from her late
residence, 956 Harrison street, between Fifth
and Sixth, thence to St. Patrick's Church,
Mission street, between Third and Fourth,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, ¦ by electric car from corner of
' Fourth and Harrison streets, leaving at 10:30
o'clock.
DUNCAN— In Alameda. February 6, 1900, Rob-
ert Sim Duncan, beloved husband of Caroline
Bates Duncan, and brother of James H.,
Jessie C. and Elsie A. Duncan. Mrs. J. W.
Sharo and Mrs. Thomas Anderson, a native
of Scotland, aged 35 years 3 months and 27
days.
C7'FrleniB and relatives are requested to
attend the funeral from 2165 Central avenue,
Alameda, to-morrow (Wednesday,, at 11
o'clock. San Francisco friends are Invited to
attend the funeral ceremonies, conducted by
Burn? Lodge No. M, A. O. U. W.. Alcazar
building. 120 O'Farrell street, at 2 o'clock.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
FAY— In this city. February 4. 1900. Sophia
Fay beloved mother of Mrs. John Armstrong
and Charles M. Williams, a natlv« of. New
York. aee<l 73 years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter, Mrs. J. Armstrong. 2615
Howard street, near Twenty-second. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
FEHETRTY— In this city. February 6, WOO.
Phillip Feherty, a native of Ireland, aged 55
years.
E7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
GODFREY— In this city, February 4, 1900, Re-
becca 8., wife of the late Nathaniel A. God-
frey, mother of Sadie A.. Annie R.. Mabel
W Addio P. and Nathaniel A. Godfrey Jr.,
and sister of John A. Barber, a native of
Nantucket, Mass., aged 72 years and 4 month*.
(CTTrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Zlon A. M. E.
Church Stockton »treet, between Sacramento
and Clay. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HAMILL— In this cjty, February 3. 1900. Amelia
Coffin Hill Hamill. widow of the late Wil-
liam Hamlll. a native of New York.
ICTFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Tuesday), at 9
o'clock, from her late residence, 18 Lyon
street, thence to the Chapel of the Sisters of
Mercy, First and Bry&rit streets, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
HILSON— In this city, February 5. 1900. Salo-
mon, beloved husband of Sarah Hllson. and
father of A. HlJson of Redwood City, Mrs.
E L Flahman of Mayfleld, Mrs. M. Sacket of
Waco. Texas, D. L. Hllson of Chicago, I. Hll-
son of Rock Springs, Wyo., Mrs. H. Starr of
Chicago, Mrs. B. Post of Detroit, Mich., and
Mrs J. W. Wlneberg of San Francisco, a
native of Amsterdam, Holland, aged 73 year*
8 months and 6 days.
HORNLEIN— In this city, February 6. 1900, A.
Emll beloved husband of May Hornleln,
father of Alvln B-, David D. and George H.
Hornleln, eon of Mr. and Mrs. E. G. Horn-
leln. and brother of H. A., M. E.. O. F..
Albert, WV G.. Adella and Amanda Hornleln,
Mrs A. A. Rheude and Mrs. A. M. Brltt, a
.native of Wisconsin, aged 43 years 2 months
and 23 days.
C 7" Funeral and Interment at Sacramento.
JORDAN— In this city, February B, 1900, Albert
E. Jordan, a native of Hartford, Conn., aged
42 years 2 months and 22 days.
KRAMM— In Oakland, February 4, 1900. Charles
H dearly beloved husband of Carrie A.
Kramm, father of Caroline A. Kramm. son
of Mrs Augusta and the late Charles Kramm.
and brother of Otto. Henry and Joseph
¦Kramm, a native of Oakland, aged 28 years
11 months and 15 days.
E7"Frlends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at the
residence of his mother, Mrs. Augusta
Kramm, 314 Telegraph avenue, Oakland. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery.
LAWRENCE— In Alameda, February 6, 1900,
Ellen beloved wife of Joseph Lawrence, and
mother of Mac I. and Eveline Lawrence, a
native of Ireland, aged 44 years t months and
4 days.
MAYHEW— In Oakland, February 4. 1900,
George Henry, beloved husband of Rosa May-
hew and father of Mrs. Lowell Harday, a na-
tive of Indiana, aged 45 years 10 months and
nrr-Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at his late
residence, 1071 Brush street, Oakland. Inter-
ment private.
MURPHY— In this city, February 2, 1900, Amy
M Murphy, beloved daughter of Daniel
Murphy and Amy L. Dart, a native of Eu-
reka, Cal., aped 17 years 11 months and 17
VxFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1235 Market street, between
Eighth" and Ninth. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
NELSON— In this city, February 4, 1900,
Charles A., beloved husband of Mamie A.
Nelson, father, of Violet and. Ethel Nelson.
' and son of Mary and the late Andrew • Nel-
" 6on, a native •of Baltimore. Md.. aged 30
years 11 months and 2 days. A member of
Court America No. 3, F. of A. M., and Court
Southern Heights No. 1150, Independent Order
of Foresters. (Baltimore papers please copy.)
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend 1 le funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at j 2 o'clock, from his late
residence. 231 Mississippi street, near Eight-
eenth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
MEMBERS of Court Southern Heights No.
1150 I. O. F-, are requested to attend the fu-
neral of our deceased brother. Charles A.
Nelson, to-morrow (Wednenday), at 2 o'clock,
from his late residence, 231 Mississippi street.
HUGH DUFF. C. R.
J. W. HAMILTON, R. S.
O'NEIL— In this city, February 3. 1900, Ellen,
beloved daughter of Patrick and the late
Catherine O'Neil. and beloved sister of John.
Denis, Patrick. Thomas and Mary O'Neil and
. Mrs. Ed Gallagher, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 13 years 3 months and 9 days.
(C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
Theo. Dierks, 957 Mission street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
ROBERTS— In this city. February B, 1900,
James H. Roberts, 1 a native of New York,
azed 50 years.
ROHRS— In this city, February 3. 1900. John
D.. beloved husband of Meta Rohrs. father
of Mrs. E. Hoffman and George Rohrs, and
brother of George H. Rohrs. Mrs. John
Scheebe, Mrs. John Petersen and Mrs. 11.
Poacher, a native of Morlngen. Hanover, aged
61 years 5 months and 16 days.
in7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from I. O. O. F.
Hall, corner of Seventh and Market streets,
under the auspices of Concordia ' Lodge No.
122, I. O. O. F. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
OFFICERS and members of Valley Lodge No.
30, A. O. U. W.. are invited to attend the
funeral of Brother J, D. Rohrs.
J. C. SHAPP. M. W.
RUSSELL— In this city, February 3. 1900, Em-
ma Russell, a native of South Dakota, aged
27 years.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the' mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany. 2429 Mission street, near Twenty-flrst.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery-
SMITH— In the City and County Hospital.
February 5. ISOO, Henry Smith, a native of
New York, aged 78 years.
SMYTH— In this city, February 5. 1900, Charles
8. Smyth, a native of Smyth County, Va_.
aged 63 years and 10 months.
STORRS— In this city, February 6, 1900, Vir-
ginia Ellsworth, beloved wife of Captain An-
drew J. Storrs, and daughter of Mrs. W. Par-
sons, a native of Santa Barbara, Cal., aged
SO years and 4 months.
(ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resl-
dence. 559 Page street.
TEBBETTS— In this city, February B 1900
Anne 8.. wlf* of Dr. Jarae* H. Tebbetts of
Holllster. a native of New Jersey, aged ZS
years.
TUCKERMAN— In this city, February 2 1900
Michael Tuckerman. late a member of Colonel
J.-D. Stevenson's regiment, a native of New
York City aged 73 years 3 months and 9
days. Left New lork City on ship Brutus
November 13. 1846; arrived at San Francisco
In April, 1547.
(CFrlende and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the fu-
neral parlors of Bunker & Lunt. 2666 Mission
street. Mission Masonic Temple. Interment
National Cemetery. Presidio. "icrmeni
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; r*-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
UiTi — Tnou DccxMßßJk IX 18391 — aaßirs
STORAGE A.\D WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving "coT
Office. 401 Post st.. cor. Powell: tel. Main E713.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west cf Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE S,
26 IS end SO O1O 1 Fan-ell et.: pianos, organs and
»;': ot!-»r musical instruments of all grades
«r.d rrlres; terms eafy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
ruslomer. •
KNM3E piano*: new fcale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHAFE, SO OFarre'.l St.
THE beft Is always cheapest. The Decker
& Eon Is best. Agency at MAUVAIS', 769
Market et. - : : ¦:*
$4600— NEW 9-room house; adjacent to U. C;
perfect in design and finish; corner lot.
JlBsO— Near station; 5 rooms; same as rent.
SlOOO— S rooms: 50-foot lot; Golden Gate.
$200-Lot 60x130; half price. - -
$100— Several lot*; one third of actual value.
M. L. WURTS. 17th and Broadway, Oakland.
. . - (Copyrlfht, 1900, by H. H. Egbert.) •
OAKLAND RACETRACK. Monday. February 5, 1900.— Weather fine. Track rood
736. FIRST RACE— Futurity course; selling; four-year-olds and up; purse, $350.
Time— To U, :22; to M. :47; last H, l:02H: short »i. 1:13. Good start. Won cleverly. Second
and third driving. Winner. Sam Parker's br. m. by Imp Duncombe-Detrtx. Winner re
ceived a perfect ride. Others could not handle the weight to any particular advantage.
Scratched— Schiller 121.
737. SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
Time— 3-16, :19'4,; 7-16. :44; 5H f, 1:09%. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving
Winner. C. E. Durnell's b. g. by Imp. Wagner-Miss Hight. Hogan can beat ordinary ones
Nance O'Neil only a fair sprinter. The Echo wa« a warm tip. St. Germain bumped 01
back stretch.
738. THIRD RACE— Four furlongs; selling; two-year-olds: purse S4OO.
Time— %, :ZVA; M, :49. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner. Marcus
Daly's b. f. by Imp. Inverness-Belle of Butte. Winner Is of the Improving sort. Rollick
had no excuses to offer. Thornwlld lacked speed.
730. FOURTH RACE— One mile and an eiarhth; selling: four-year-olils and up; purse. *400.
Time-H, :13U; H. :38*; %. 1:04%; Ti. l:8IH4:^n. 1:44; 1% m. 1:56%. Good startT" Woa'easllf
Second and third driving. Winner. F. McMahon & Co.'s b. g. by imp. Stromboll-Ouileless
Stronio met with moat luck. Mary Klnsella had a most tempestuous voyage. Glen<*aber
badly jostled about. Einstein sulked.. Scratched— Dr. Marks 109.
740. FIFTH RACE — Six furlongs; selling-; four-year-olds and up; purse. $400.
Time— ii, :24&; %, :45%; K. 1:14. Good start. Won easily. Second easily. Third driving
Winner. W. P. Magrane'a eh. g. by Hanover-Blessing. Mtdlove quit badly. Montgomery
came home "on the bit." Scratched— Socialist 103. Manzanilla 94, El Estro 96, Katie Gib
bons. 91. •
741. SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and up; purse, J4CO.
Time— X. :26%; V,, :53; % 1:1T; mile. 1:43. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driv
ing. Winner. William CahiU's b. g. by imp. Midlothian-Mottle. Winner logged in Wvom
Ing taken back too far. Pirate wretchedly ridden. Morrissey away poorly and cut off
at first turn. Scratched— Silvertone 10«, Dogtown 107, Meadowthorpe 114, Imperious 1W Del
Paso II 114. '
ROES VALLET land and homes for sale at re-
duced prices. JAMES TUNSTEAD. San Ra-
fael.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to 1118 Broadway, Oakland. Adver-
tisements and subscriptions received.
J. W. HORN. 812 Main St., Petaluma; real es-
tate and thoroughbred Belgian hares. Send
for free list of Soncma County bargains.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
J.V«— UPRIGHT cabinet grand; used one year;
JI6C. Rocm a. Flood building.
FINE upright piano, furniture and carpet* f<
s*>. IOIi Van Ness aye.
CONOVER. Colby and Epencer piano*. Spencer
warerooms. 1818 Market st.
FINE Fischer & Bteinway upright; sacrlfloed.
KEEFFES. 1019 kan Ness aye., nr. Geary st.
FIFTH. 222— Newly furnished rooms for house-
keeping.
GOOD upright piano: nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG'S. 2I« McAllister »t.
*7t«Oa BenlcU. Solans, Elmlra. Vsusa? Ula,
Rtusaey and Hacrunonta *?:43r
•7iO©» Si ut* Expres*— Darlsi Willows,
Re.l BluflT Portland »Tj4s»
*7>3»4 Martinez. San K:hhcd. Valleja N.ir*.
; CaltatrjtaauU.Saiira Kns.k aSiI3Fa Sil3F
•¦•*•« The OverUcl LI : i:eU— Osden. Den.
ver. Omaha. Chicaen •s«l*l*
••'*•* San Jose, Lin ruiuro. Btockton,
lone. SacTaiMcnto. PlaccrriUe,
- M:irj.iti::>\ Ohico. Ke.l r-lu!I MtiSp
•*»*•* •Milton. Oakclaloaud Sonera »-til3»
•9:4H>* Haywarns. Niks an.l Way Stations. * 1 1 : 13 a
•S:OOa Da»>. Woodlacd. Knl;bts Landing
Marjstille. UroiiiW .¦ *7:-l3»
•OiOOk Atlantic I'.tprsss— Ogden and East •»M3 A
•9:ui> a Martiiica. Tncy. I-atLrop, Stockton,
Mirc-.lan.Urouio *13:13r
••*••» FcrtCestx I'r.'Uifi. Mujavo ami Loa
Anjelrs. *«fl3r
•IO:OOa Valltjo. Martinez ami Way Xrallom *8:l3r
•ll:0O\ Uaywanlj, KUcax-«l Way Stations. *'i:lir
•l2:ttUM Niles, Lite-more, Stockton. Hacra-
Bento. Mendota. Uactord, Viaalfci.
Foitcrtnie MttSV
ffl:4>4>r Saerai&ento i:i*ar Camion t*»J»«>F
•3:OOp Ilaywarda. Nilts ant) Way Stations. »3s 13 »
•*;«or M.irtiuc/. y,»u K..:u<>n. Vallejo,
Napa. Culifttogn, Kuuta Rosa *9il3*
'lioor B«nlcia. VacatiUc. hUcraiuenlo.
Wooriiamt. Kniclita landing.
fitsrysville. Oro»i!!o »I*>:-I!I»
•4tB»r Niles. Han Jose ami Stockton ••:13r
•S.oorTb* Owl Llt.ltetl— Tracy, Fiesno.
BakersacUl. Haugns fcr Sact* Car*
bara. J.f* Awjeien..., *l«tl3a
•3:0 Or Sncsst Ciu:iteu-El Pasa. New Or-
leans and East cIAM.Ia
•3:30p Stockton. Mcrc&i. Fresno M 2:13»
*3>3wr l'i<'»iiO, liakentieM, haiiU lUi lura,
Los Angeles. Drmluz, Li I'uo,
New Orleaus and East Mill,
•»tt«r Santo !¦".> ltoute— AUinllo Eipreas
fo* MoJ.l»o and Kant *fl:43p
•0:OOp Hayvaiua, Kile* ami San Jose *T; !•> »
t«::itlp Valiefo »iail3p
•U:3ttr Oriental Mail-OsdeD sml East •»:34»p
J7:oop Vallcjo. Vent t'ouU ai..l Way SU.
tious. ;.... t»:33f
•S:«3p Oregon and California r.t;>rcs».Ni»o-
' ' . cinieiitu. Marysfiile. Ite.Ullng.
- . IVitiui..!. Pim-l tolln.ll a>») V.mk •»i!»a
FIFTH, 353— Double parlors, kitchen and bath,
furnished. J2O; also 3. $13; con., single. U up.
FULTON. 21S— Flat of 4 furnished rooms, lower
floor: 2 front and 2 back; complete for house-
keeping; sun all day.
BARGAIN— Good upright; cheap. SCHMITZ, II
McAll'.rter St.. next Hibernla Bank.
BfPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MVLLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHKAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. It pages, sent to «sy address In the
t'nited States or Canada en* year tor ii.
postage paid.
HYDE. 4CS— Sunny parlor suite; completely fur-
nished for housekeeping, also front parlor.
•»«!.¦>* N9it«tc.Oiitei»i.l-.\.--iii.J.»e, l>'-!K>n.
Boulder CreeM.cv*uta Gnu ami Wax
Btatious •3i3«»
t*it3r Newark. Centervtllo, San Jose, New
AlznatUn. Feltcn, ItoaMer Creek.
Santa Civs and rrincipal Way
Butioun ?!•»*»*•
MtiSp Newark. Han Jow», Los Gatoa ««»:aO4
ItlilSp Zlnaters' Excursion. Saa Jos* and
WayHUtlo^n }7i»«»
- CREEK ROUTE FERBY.
frsaSia miUSCO— ft«t »f ¦"*•' Strnf (Slis «}—
•7:15 0:00 n.OOi.M. 11.C3 '2:33 t3:C3
M:CB tS:CO •6:C3r.»i.
ruaOilUNß— rMt*rin»J*»f.— '6:oo 8:00 10:09 a.m.
tI2:C3 «I:C3 t2:C3 «3::3 li:C3 •843VJS,
BT. GERMAIN College of Palmistry. Neergard,
Pres : reads 1 to f : by mall XI. «16 Geary st
OAKLAND FtfRXITUIIE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furaltur* dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to 1113 Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tlsomeuts and subscriptions received.
PERRY. 16S. below Harrison— 4 rooms, nicely
furnished for housekeeping; all connected;
first floor.
XIE&PECTABLE woman, 40 years of age, a
etrar.per would meet gentleman with loving
disposition; cbject matrimony. Address box
2SC7. Call cf3c«.
SEVENTEENTH, 3259. cor. Capp— 2 sunny
front housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
WANTED— To meet a lady desirous cf becom-
ing a medium and clairvoyant ; must have J4OO
or JWO cash: sure fortune to right party.
MISS J. P PWTER. 917 Market st.
SIXTH. 136— Rooms for light housekeeping:
quiet house. --
SOUTH PARK. ISt— Two sunny rooms; nicely
furnished for housekeeping.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 12 (35 cents
per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of the
company. 327 Market street, on and after Sat-
urday. February 10. 1900. Transfer books
closed on Monday, February 5. 1900, at S
o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON, Seo.
t«ilO*Oeeaii View. Houtlt ban Francisco.. t«:.tor
-'*7sO4»aß*u Jose ami Way t>t..ii.,in (New
Aluiadeit Weduesdajs only) •!¦••?
•»»?•» Ban Jose. Ties l'iuos. Hunt* «'nrx.
"..* •¦" Paeille <irora. l'aso Rubles, Man
f I.nls Ohtoro. Bmf. Lompoe and
Principal Way Sliiti..ii* 'lilflp
•l*ilOt Han Joss an.l \V»y Stations •«<33*
•lII3O* San Jose ami War Stations *3<UOr
tai*sr San Mateo, Kedvood. Menlo Ptuk.
Palo Alto. Banta Clara. Han .>..s«.
. Tre* Pino*. SanU Cms. St'uiaa.
Monterey and PacMo Grove |IO:3«»
»3:»«r Pan Jo»e and Way Stations *?iB«r
flilSr San Jo»eaml Principal Way KUtton* *!»ils»
)s:Otlr *an Joasand Principal Wl7W 17 Station! lU:Otu
•3:3Wr San Jote ami Principal Way Station* *ft>B.'U
•U-.aopSaa Josoaml Way Stations ?«•!«<• 4
ftlli4sp San Jose and Way nU'ion.i *~>UOr
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates: 10
years; experience. J. B. RAY. J" Jessie St.
STEVENSON, 637, bet. Sixth and Seventh—
To let— 2 large, clean rooms for housekeeping.
In the rear; separate entrance; rent $7. Apply-
to A. METRAL 270 Clementina et., nr. 4th.
THIRD. 444H— 2 furnished rooms and kitchen to
let: complete for housekeeping.
TURK, 614A— J partly furnished housekeeping
rooms, with gae; rent reasonable.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3726. near Dolores— 3 sunny
bay-window roomß, complete.
VALENCIA, 83414. near Twentieth— Sunny front
room and kitchen, furnished; rent reasonable;
bath; no children.
A GOOD speaking knowledge cf the Spanish
language can be acquired in a few weeks by
the conversational method at Heald's Busi-
ness College Night School; term* reasonable.
.A FIXE suit to order $10 75 cr pants S3 75; our
tpecialty In remnants allows us, to sell
cheaper than ready made. L. LEMOS.
1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and fth. prop. One-
price Tailoring Co.; EJ2 Kearny. near Sacto;
also 1644 Market et.. under St. Nicholas.
ELECTRIC lights In every rocm: Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market: 100 rooms:
Sic to M BO per right; Jl &0 to Jo per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH offlc* for Call advertisements and
eubscriptlons has been established at 109« Va-
lencia st.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
tumers; make-up and wigs; country orders so-
licited. GOLDSTEIN A. CO.. 753 Market st.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tlcements and subscriptions has been cpened
at 1223 Polk st.: open till 9 p. m.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follow*:
Edward M. Jones, 45, city, and Emllie F.
Weiblen. 28, city. : . \
George R. Gunn, 26, 8420 Seventeenth street,
and Louise M. Gray, 23. 148 California street.
Joseph S. Francisco, 29, 329 Sixth street, and
Mary W. Conniff. 20, 14V4 Sherman street.
Patrick Gavin. 31, 1312 Mason street, and
Mary Rowen. 24. 2330 Pacific avenue.
Michael J. Foley. 81. 176 Perry street, and
Stella Crane. 25. 1525 Bush street.
Arthur E. Scamell. 22, 2505 Fillmore street,
and Ethel H. Spacher, 20. 3111 Sacramento st.
William A. Harney, 29. 84 Chesley street, and
Roaetta Kemoton. 19, 84 Chesley street.
Harold" Ohrwall, 30, city, and Henrietta Zlele.
27, city.
Gilbert J. Roote, 62, 43S Halght street, and
Harriette H. Saunders, 39. Stockton.
Leroy T. Dlxoh, 22, 32 Lewis street, and
Mabel F. Maurer. 18. 505 Jones street.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
ing call on B. Cohen, 157 Third: tel. black 4123.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; ! modern service; elevator:
bath; rooms SOc to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
UIRSUTINE CO., hair specialists, grow hair
or no pay; book for etasnp. t Eddy st.
WANTED— OId gold for marurg. O. NOLTE.
Jeweler. HI O'Ferrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
ETAMMEIUNG corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. 1315 Linden. Oakland.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the. same published.
BORN.
LANE— In this city. February 3. 1900, to the
wife of Frank J. Lane, a son.
AT t2 Second— Nice new papered and reno-
vated "front rooms: $1 BO to $2 60 a week.
FIFTEENTH. 1560— Neatly furnished room;
lady cr gent; J5.
FOLSOM. 565, corner Sixth (The Oliver)— Sunny
furnished rooms; suites or single; new rogmt.
FOLSOM. 1107B— Furnished front room, suitable
fcr 2 men. with stove, J2 a week.
FOURTH. 222^4— Nicely furnished bay-window
and single rooms; reasonable; quiet.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021H Market et.. bet. Elxth and Seventh.
FRANKLIN, 21 (Newport Huuse) — Sunny rooms;
bay windows: run. water; gas; $1 25 to J2 60.
GEAIIY. XSS (The San Jose)— Sunny bedroom;
newly furnished suite; hot water; bath.
TTANTED— To purchase, equity In hou*e and
lot. 6 rooms or more, old style or modern.
Adflr«FS box 2605, Call office, etatlnc price
¦ end location. ,
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms, en suite or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 727— Nicely furnished
frcnt room; private family; reasonable, v. ~.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast cor. Seventh
*nd Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite ox
tingle: ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House 7«1 Mission— Select family
rooming hcuse; Jl BO to }6 per week.
HOWARD. 634 — Neatly furnished sunny front
mom; suitable for two gentlemen.
HOWARD. «4fi — New house: latest Improve-
ments; running water In every room.
HOWARD. 829-Clean, respectable; 25c-ll per
night; Jl-S3 per week; Howard cars to door.
HOWARD, 781H— Nicely furnished sunny bay
window; other rooms; reasonable.
KEARNY st., near Chronicle— Suite of 1 or S
elegant parlor* suitable for a club of gentle-
men; rent reasonable. Address box 2623, Call.
LEIDESDORFF. 11 *— Parties seeking a quiet
lodging-house please call; recently changed
hands and newly furnished.
MINNA. 6«7, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, Jl per week; transient.
OCTAVIA, 418— Quiet sunny furnished rooms;
reasonable.
REAL. KST\Tn CITY FOH SALE.
A. M. SPECK 4 CO..
«S7 Market *t.. opp. Kearny.
ITl.eoo— Grand cor.. 60 ft., within block of
Baldwin: positively the cheapest property
{downtown) In the city.
JM.OOO— Rar# Investment: vicinity Powell and
Geary: 4-etory brick building; stores and lodg-
lr.e-h"us* above; Sfi feet fron%.
Ji6,E*o- Near Eddy and Jones; store and 26
roomo ebov*-: modem; pays 7 per cent net.
¦ Jl4,ooO— Sixth et.: 75 feet front; rents JJ4-30
yesrly: good building: 4 »-tor»*.
C2.soo— Third St., about 225 feet from Market;
etcre and lodging-house: term*, *4 cash.
tl«.Krt— Mission et., near Third; best bargain
en Mission st. to-day.
$16.000— Orand Investment; rent* SIM.
tll.ooo— CE. cor. Mason and Washington; tt.t
9t2:9: tsak* cSer.
I7CS0 — Rtx good flat*; rect* SSSO yearly; down-
town; lot 60 feet front.
SCfiOO— Po*t St.; I good Cata; recta JCO; lot
17x110.
10000 — Corner lot near Union Iron Work*; 100
Xlf-0; fine bualnes* elte.
1350— Cor. store and < room Cat; rents t*7;
foreclosure.
Jl7Bo— Two nice flats: rent* Jll M.
|T1&~€ rooms and lot 4Sx7l ft.
A. M. SPECK &. Co.. Wl Market st.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electrlo light*; day, wk., mo.
POWELL. eiJ, bet. Bush and Pine— Sunny
front single room; modern house; bath. eto.
ROOM used as kindergarten In forenoon for
rent In afternoon: piano. Apply between 9
and 12 a. m. at 80S L«avenworth st., down-
stairs.
tlMO— BARGAIN: large IH-*tory. high stoop,
bay-window ccttag*: vestibule entrance: bev-
eled plate glars double doors; handsomely
paneled "-foot wide hall, with winding stair-
case and 6%-foot newel post: parlor 14x17,
wairscoted dining room 12x14; Kitting room
fv. x'.4; wainscoted extension kitchen 10x13;
ceilings Z2 feet high; ventilators: plaster cor-
nices; pantry, glass closet, etc.: 2 bedrooms
and bathroom upstairs; 7-foot high cellar un-
der all. wilh double-door entrance under bay;
lot ::\V.'i. with a rustic rtable Joz2o at end;
magnifWnt view; all for SISCO; no agents. J.
V. NEWTON, IS3O 12th aye.. near X »t.. Sun-
set district, 3 blocks from Golden Gat* Park.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
OFFICE of the Wlttram Propeller Company
will hereafter be located at 226 • Market st.,
room 19. F. WITTRAM JR., Secy;
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
A T> Jones. Llvermore
E J Wilson & w. Sacto
X E Buckner, Fresno
J W Bates, San Diego
J H Hawley, S Diego
O F Bacon. Los Gatos
F H Hamerton. Cal
A E Van Horn. Stktn
P N Bernard, Petalma
A Keyes. San Diego
C Allen. Honolulu
A Richard. Sacto
A Green, Seattle
H F Small. Oakdal«
M Duncan, Merced
F Boyd. Los Angeles
J II Ross. New York
B L Miller, New York
II C'roshy, Los Ang
Mrs F CurranßiversiJ<
PALACE HOTEL
A L Levlnsky, Stktn
H Htnshaw A- w, Lond
G L Thompson & w,
Yokohama
H B Wood & w. S Jos*
J S White. Ogden
C H Smith. Berkeley
L Harburger. N V |
J Jacob. N V
E H McCaffrey, N V
G Mason, Los Angeles!
W F McDonald & w,
New York
Helen Bertram, N T
S F Etudley, N V
R D Wade, Los An*
A W Klnney, Los Ang
M C Barnabe* & w, j
New York
D Notara, New Tork
W M S Moor* & w,
Ireland
R L Hills. New York
F L Mattheg. Pa
F I Towle, St Paul
J B Crandell. S Jose
A N Jurems, Chicago
G B McAneny & w.
Lawrence
Mrs E Hamilton. Ind
Miss C B Manlove. Ind
J B Hamilton. Ind
A L Scott & w. Cal
J G O'Brien. Rochester
C L Knobe. Chicago
N X Blgelow, N V
H Growtage. N V
G H Clarke, Nebr
J A Erwln. N V
Mrs J T Cobb, Mich
Mrs J E Ferguson. Mich
W Goodwin 4 w. Mich
Miss J M Fenton. Cal
J A Shelton, Butte
S Harris, Seattle
GRAND HOTEL
D Kent. Sacramento ;
E N Jenkins. Salt Lake
E T Fraser. Sacto
A B Eastwood & w.Cal
W B Meek. Cal
G B Bird. New York
B Goldsmith, Petaluma
O O Webber, S Rosa
H Lion, San Jose
T F Turner. Canton
D D Warner, Portland
D Richardson. Cal
J A Hull. Seattle
G F Waterland & w,
Chlco
Mm V C Belknap,
Prairie City
Mrs J H Fell. Or
J H Johnson, L Ang
D C Mitchell. Cal
ABC Dowdell. Saeto
W C McNell.Sloux City
G A Adams, S Jose
II J Barlow, S Jose
I* M M Shearer St w,
Santa Rosa
A L Wakefteld, Chlcgo
A Hatschek. N V !
J A Mclntlre, Sacto •
O Brim, Cal
C S Wynn, New Tork
L N Countryman, Or
R Barry. Nev
O J Owens. Nev
F Cutting, Stockton
Mrs E L de Arman,
Los Angeles
J A Crandall. St Louis
J Luther, San Jose
E J leham. Cal
J P Dunn. Oakland
N L Hod*. Hartford
J D Cheney, South
Manchester
Q R Bothwell k w,
Salt Lake
D H Roman. Palt Lake
O W Pease ft w, N T
A Walls. Salinas
M 1 Thomas, Uklah
F M Smith, Vacavllle
II E Adams. Stockton
W B Nutler, Stockton
W D Buckley * w. Cal
M P Henderson. Stktn
C L White. Saeto
R W Van Auhen. Sacto
LATE SHIPPING IXTEtX.IGE.VCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, February S.
Bark Harvester. Krebs. 10 days from Port
B!ake!ey ' SAILED.
Monday, February 5.
Stmr Laguna, Hansen. .
RAILROAD TBAVEI*
MOUNT TAMALPfUS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry.
Week days- 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m^
Sundays 8:00, 10:00 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Steam-heated closed car on all trlans.
Fare— San Francisco to Summit and Return,
II 40. ¦--•-.
St Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
|(>2">KEAB.\VST. Established
A in I S3* for the treatment of Private
¦f Dteeuses, Lost Manhood. Debility or
A disease rearing on body and mind an d
¦ Skin Disease*. Thedoctorcareswbrn
H others fall. Try him- Charge* low
i3«'arrif[aarnntrr<l. Callorwrtte.
Dr. 4. r • u IOBO.V, B«« 1337. 5 an Fraocteca
Yin Sausalito F«rry.
¦ ¦ Commencing October 1. ISM. __
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— «7:OO. •9:30. 11:00 a. m.; n:«.
•1:40. 6:15. •:*>. €:S0 d. m. m • _
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa Ra-
fael, on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturday*,
at *:00 and 11:30 d. ra. r, „.
SUNDAYS— •S:OO. »10:00, «ll:30 a- m.; IH*.
1:15. M:tt. 6:30. 9:00 t>. m.
Trains marked <•> run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS- 6:25. »«:33. 1:45. «9:40 a. m.;
•12:30. 2:15. »5:15 p. m. ¦
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday* and
Saturdays at (:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:2O. **:00. •U>:00. 11: i» a. m.;
•1:40. »3:15. 4:43. »S:3O p. m. .
Trains marked <•> start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEKK DAYS— S:4S. 6:45. 7:55. »:« a. m.;
12:33. 2:35. 3:45. 8:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday* ao4
Saturday* at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:O6. 10:C3 a, m.: 12:03. 2:15. J:JO.
• :00. <:45 P. TRAr NB.
1&0 a. m. week days— Caiadero and way stations.
1:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way station*.
ItOOa. m, Sundays— Tom.»le* and way station**
11
Index. Horse. An. Weight. St. S4m.
724 Viorla, 4 112 2 - ~ i h
6l» .Eapirando. 5 118 4 - ... Jl-
725 Senora Caesar. 4... .112 10 ... n
... Tallac, 4 112.1 ... 3]
724 LAdy Britannic, «..116 5 ... 7 H
700 Croker. 4 114 7 ... 10 4
624 The Last, 5 11l «... 6 h
652 Mainstay, a... 121 g ... 6 1
653 Ann Page, 4 112 3 ... 4 2
... Musculado, a 118 9 ... 9 ft
... Mystic Maze. 6 118 11 ... 11
%m.
21
12
6 H
3 2
8 3
y 4
5h
72
4 I
19 6
11
Str.
1 H
4 ~K
3 2
5 1
8 1
7 h
9 2
« H
10 S
It •
Fin.
1 1
tt
8 n
4 1
5 2
6 2
7 4
8 3
9 6
108
11
[ . I Betting.
[ Jockey ». ¦ - ]Op. Cl.
Jenkins 2 2
Bullman T-» 7-2
T. Walsh 10 1»
E. Jones 10 7
I*. Turner 6 13
E. Ross 8 12
Buchanan .... 30 30
He,nry S 20
Plggott S g
Dietro 50 100
Conlev 10 20
index.
odex. Howe. Weight. Ist.
729 Matt Hogan 109 6
701 Nance O'Nell 107 2
717 Mission 112 3
729 The Echo 97 1
699 Choteau 102 7
730 Antltr ....109 8
706 St. Germain 109 4
678 Edrardo 109 5
376 El Reposo 109 9
Horse.
Weight. |St.
Km. Hm. %m.
* Vi 2'i
In 1 \ %
IV» 3 2
5 4 2
64 6 2
71 76
... 3 2 5 1
... 8 3 9
9 8 2
Str.
1 i
2 n
3 H
4 »
5 3
6 1
7 1
» *
9
Fin. 1 Jockeys.
1 • T. Walsh
2 \ Bullman
3*a Vittltoe
4 2 J. Martin
5 3 Henry
6 2 Ixigue
7*i E. Jones
8 2 Jenkins
J Helnson I
. 2 U-5
. 8-5 3
. S 10
.';*¦ •'-¦:- 1
. 8 7
. 12 40
. -*-r?$M
15 20
. 20 1W
ndex. ,-— Horse. Weight. |St. Hm.
732 Scotch Belle 103 2
(726) Rollick 105 3
726 Gay lon Brown 101 1
726 Thornwlld 105 4
708 Parsifal 108 5
708 Pat Foley 103 8 . ...
. ... Pepalong: 108 7 ...
... Billy Lyons ....104 8
%m. »4m.
1 2
2%
4 8
6 2
3%
5 2
I
7 1
Str.
1 1
23
32
62
4 8
6 5
8
7 2
Fin.
1 1
23
S 10
43
C 1
eio
7 4
8
| Jockeys.
Henry
Bullman ......
T. Walsh
Jenkins
Buchanan ....
Morse
Hetnsoo
. Lorue
JOp._Ct.
. « 1!
. 1-2 9-20
. 5-2 4
. 7 10
. 50 1W
. 60 200
. 40 190
. 60 100
Index. Horse; Age. WHght.jSt.
663 Stromo, 4.. 100 7
703 Coda, a. 103 6
720, Stuttgart. 4 104 1
722 Mary Kinsella. 6... .104 8
707 Glengaber, 4 103 2
673 Alicia, a 103 9
63 Ace. a 105 S
728 Einstein, 8 105 11
722 None Such, 6 106 3
715 Grand Sachem, E....107 10
734. Qrady. a 108 4
4 h
1 ltt
2 %
10 6
6 h
7 Vi
8 fe
11
31
9 3
¦•** .
1 %
3 2
» 1
7 h
4 2
6 h
11
5 h
10 S
. 8 1
%m. Str.
2 1% 2 2
11 I'j
S5 3 4
« tt 4 h
72 68
EH 7 3
? H «H
11 9 2
9 V, 8 h
10 5 10 2
8 3 11
Fin.
1 1
2 4
3 6
4 3
, 5 2
6 3
7 2
8 2
9 5
10 2
11
| Jockeys. |Op.
Fauntleroy ... 30
Henry SO
Bullman' 3
VltUtoe 3-2
Jenkins 5
J. Martin 7
Devin 12
Buchanan .... t .
E. Ross tt>
Morgan 1»
T. Walsh 10
_Ct
7;
it
H
8
13
4'
X
j;
index. Horse. Age. Weight. [St.
(489) Montgomery, a 104 2
702 Monrovia, a 04 3
(691) Mldlove, 4 105 1
714 Alarla. 4 94 8
. 691 Brown Prince, !.... 96 5
727 Wild Het. 5.... 102 4
652 Almoner, 4 93 6
644 Uterp, 91 7
Mm. ?;m.
.., . IS 2 6
3J » 2
12 13
8 6 1
5h 7H
6 h S
44 5 1
71 4 S
Str.
12
2 H
3 3
4 2
6 H
7 1
6 h
t
Fin.
14
2 6
3 2
4 3
. 5 1
6 1
7 1
t '
I Jockeys. |Op.
~Vlttttoe 7^5~
T. Walsh 10
Bullman ...... 1
Fauntleroy ... 8
H. Stuart M
Mors« 30
J. Daly 15
J. Martin 10
Cl.
11-5
*i
20(
15C
6C
2C
Index. Horge. Age. Weight. |St.
733 Scotch Plaid. 6 11l Z
735 Wyoming, a 104 4
632 Ivos Medanos, 4 102 3
715 Red Pirate, 4 104 1
(677) Pat Morrlssey. 6.... 11 l 6
673 Terrene. 4 98] 5
Mm..
1 1
5 2
2 n
31
4 h
8
Ijja. %m.
3 2>i 3 1
5 3 «H
In 11
4H 6 10
2 li 2',
6 6
Str. Fin, j Jockeys. |Op.
8 1 1 2«i Jenkins 3-2~
? n 2 2 T. Walsh 6-2
12 8 3 Henry 6
4 6 4 4 Vtttltoa 6
610 810 Pullman 3
_J 6 [Helnaon 60
a.
6-:
12
6
3
200
Index. Horse. An. Weight. St. S4m.
724 Viorla, 4 112 2 - ~ i h
6l» .Eapirando. 5 118 4 - ... Jl-
725 Senora Caesar. 4... .112 10 ... n
... Tallac, 4 112.1 ... 3]
724 LAdy Britannic, «..116 5 ... 7 H
700 Croker. 4 114 7 ... 10 4
624 The Last, 5 11l «... 6 h
652 Mainstay, a... 121 g ... 6 1
653 Ann Page, 4 112 3 ... 4 2
... Musculado, a 118 9 ... 9 ft
... Mystic Maze. 6 118 11 ... 11
%m.
21
12
6 H
3 2
8 3
y 4
5h
72
4 I
19 6
11
Str.
1 H
4 ~K
3 2
5 1
8 1
7 h
9 2
« H
10 S
It •
Fin.
1 1
tt
8 n
4 1
5 2
6 2
7 4
8 3
9 6
108
11
[ . I Betting.
[ Jockey ». ¦ - ]Op. Cl.
Jenkins 2 2
Bullman T-» 7-2
T. Walsh 10 1»
E. Jones 10 7
I*. Turner 6 13
E. Ross 8 12
Buchanan .... 30 30
He,nry S 20
Plggott S g
Dietro 50 100
Conlev 10 20
index.
odex. Howe. Weight. Ist.
729 Matt Hogan 109 6
701 Nance O'Nell 107 2
717 Mission 112 3
729 The Echo 97 1
699 Choteau 102 7
730 Antltr ....109 8
706 St. Germain 109 4
678 Edrardo 109 5
376 El Reposo 109 9
Horse.
Weight. |St.
Km. Hm. %m.
* Vi 2'i
In 1 \ %
IV» 3 2
5 4 2
64 6 2
71 76
... 3 2 5 1
... 8 3 9
9 8 2
Str.
1 i
2 n
3 H
4 »
5 3
6 1
7 1
» *
9
Fin. 1 Jockeys.
1 • T. Walsh
2 \ Bullman
3*a Vittltoe
4 2 J. Martin
5 3 Henry
6 2 Ixigue
7*i E. Jones
8 2 Jenkins
J Helnson I
. 2 U-5
. 8-5 3
. S 10
.';*¦ •'-¦:- 1
. 8 7
. 12 40
. -*-r?$M
15 20
. 20 1W
ndex. ,-— Horse. Weight. |St. Hm.
732 Scotch Belle 103 2
(726) Rollick 105 3
726 Gay lon Brown 101 1
726 Thornwlld 105 4
708 Parsifal 108 5
708 Pat Foley 103 8 . ...
. ... Pepalong: 108 7 ...
... Billy Lyons ....104 8
%m. »4m.
1 2
2%
4 8
6 2
3%
5 2
I
7 1
Str.
1 1
23
32
62
4 8
6 5
8
7 2
Fin.
1 1
23
S 10
43
C 1
eio
7 4
8
| Jockeys.
Henry
Bullman ......
T. Walsh
Jenkins
Buchanan ....
Morse
Hetnsoo
. Lorue
JOp._Ct.
. « 1!
. 1-2 9-20
. 5-2 4
. 7 10
. 50 1W
. 60 200
. 40 190
. 60 100
Index. Horse; Age. WHght.jSt.
663 Stromo, 4.. 100 7
703 Coda, a. 103 6
720, Stuttgart. 4 104 1
722 Mary Kinsella. 6... .104 8
707 Glengaber, 4 103 2
673 Alicia, a 103 9
63 Ace. a 105 S
728 Einstein, 8 105 11
722 None Such, 6 106 3
715 Grand Sachem, E....107 10
734. Qrady. a 108 4
4 h
1 ltt
2 %
10 6
6 h
7 Vi
8 fe
11
31
9 3
¦•** .
1 %
3 2
» 1
7 h
4 2
6 h
11
5 h
10 S
. 8 1
%m. Str.
2 1% 2 2
11 I'j
S5 3 4
« tt 4 h
72 68
EH 7 3
? H «H
11 9 2
9 V, 8 h
10 5 10 2
8 3 11
Fin.
1 1
2 4
3 6
4 3
, 5 2
6 3
7 2
8 2
9 5
10 2
11
| Jockeys. |Op.
Fauntleroy ... 30
Henry SO
Bullman' 3
VltUtoe 3-2
Jenkins 5
J. Martin 7
Devin 12
Buchanan .... t .
E. Ross tt>
Morgan 1»
T. Walsh 10
_Ct
7;
it
H
8
13
4'
X
j;
index. Horse. Age. Weight. [St.
(489) Montgomery, a 104 2
702 Monrovia, a 04 3
(691) Mldlove, 4 105 1
714 Alarla. 4 94 8
. 691 Brown Prince, !.... 96 5
727 Wild Het. 5.... 102 4
652 Almoner, 4 93 6
644 Uterp, 91 7
Mm. ?;m.
.., . IS 2 6
3J » 2
12 13
8 6 1
5h 7H
6 h S
44 5 1
71 4 S
Str.
12
2 H
3 3
4 2
6 H
7 1
6 h
t
Fin.
14
2 6
3 2
4 3
. 5 1
6 1
7 1
t '
I Jockeys. |Op.
~Vlttttoe 7^5~
T. Walsh 10
Bullman ...... 1
Fauntleroy ... 8
H. Stuart M
Mors« 30
J. Daly 15
J. Martin 10
Cl.
11-5
*i
20(
15C
6C
2C
Index. Horge. Age. Weight. |St.
733 Scotch Plaid. 6 11l Z
735 Wyoming, a 104 4
632 Ivos Medanos, 4 102 3
715 Red Pirate, 4 104 1
(677) Pat Morrlssey. 6.... 11 l 6
673 Terrene. 4 98] 5
Mm..
1 1
5 2
2 n
31
4 h
8
Ijja. %m.
3 2>i 3 1
5 3 «H
In 11
4H 6 10
2 li 2',
6 6
Str. Fin, j Jockeys. |Op.
8 1 1 2«i Jenkins 3-2~
? n 2 2 T. Walsh 6-2
12 8 3 Henry 6
4 6 4 4 Vtttltoa 6
610 810 Pullman 3
_J 6 [Helnaon 60
a.
6-:
12
6
3
200JUSTICE MAY BE BALKED.
Owing to the fact that Judge Conlan
was unable to get the services , of a sten
ographer again yesterday the preliminary
Roberts Pleads Not Guilty.
SALT LAKE, Feb. 5.— 8. H. Robert*, by
his attorney, appeared before Justice
Kroeger to-day and entered a plea of not
guilty to . the charge of unlawful co
habitation, upon which he was arrested
on Saturday. He was held In $300 ball for
further hearing.
Dinner Sets
Bargains.
It's Worth Yonr
Coming Just to ' See.
Great American liprtiDi Tea Ci
Stores Everywhere*
zoo Stores.
For family ace Jesse Moore "AA" wblsker U
a prime favorite In thousands of homes.
is that when you txka your linen to «
laundry to be renovated tak« It to on*
that will not rot the fabrlo, and that
will send It home In good condition,
and with a color and finish on It such)
as experience has taught him that ha
always gets at the United States Laun-
dry. Our perfect methods glv* you
work that Is unexcelled by smj ona.
United States Laundry. Offlo*
1004 Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
Oakland Office. 514 Eleventh 3%
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure.. One dose. will stop
a couth. Nev.r fall*, Try it. All druggists. *
Wriiifs Indian VeptaWe PI
ARK ACKNOWLEDGED BY THOUSANDS
of persons who bave used them for fort)
years to cure SICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS
CONSTIPATION, Torpid Lr»er. WeaJt StOBMCoi
Pimples and purify the blood.
Making New Homes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, Feb. 5.— A number of
Woodlandltes who were In Honolulu at
the time quarantine was established, have
made the best of the situation, secured
employment and may ¦'become permanent
residents of the Hawaiian Islands.
¦ Pyrography outfits and things to burn
In Artists' Material Department at Saa
born & Vall's. •
Divorce for Mrs. McCue.
SAN RAFAEL, Feb. 6.— A divorce was
to-day granted Mrs. Henrietta McCue by
Judge Angellottl from James S. McCuo,
the well known politician and circus man.
The grounds alleged were desertion and
failure to provide. McCue is at present In
Alaska, where he carries mall over the
trails between Dyea and Dawson City.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
FOR THB CUKE OF GONORRHOEA.
Gleets. Strictures and analogous com!
plaints of tbe Organs of Generation.
I'rice Jl a bottle. For sale by druggists.
Fell and Broke His Skull.
John 11. Neilson, a painter, was fatally
Injured yesterday afternoon by falling
from a scaffold In a building now being
built next the Alcazar Theater on O'Far
rell street. Neilson missed his footing and
fell a distance of twenty-five feet, landing
on his head and fracturing his skull. The
unfortunate painter was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital, but the , doctors could
do little else than ease his sufferings.
COKE I COKE !
p. a. McDonald,
•Wholesale Dealer and Shipper of Coka.
OFFICE. 813 FOLSOM ST.
McMULLIN ON THE STAND.
Presents His Grounds for Divorce.
Other TJnhappy Couples in Court.
The action by which Thurlow McMullln,
for years past connected with various big
wholesale houses in the city,' seeks to ob
tain a divorce from his wife, Virginia Mo-
Mullin, on the ground of desertion, went
to trial before Judge Bahrs yesterday.
McMullin alleges that his wife, whom lie
married February 15, IS7I, deserted him
on April 10, 1896. In her answer Mrs;? Mc-
Mullin denies her husband's, allegations,
and alleges that she is the injured party,
having been deserted years ago by her
husband, who has since refused to con
tribute toward her support.
Charles Wheeler appeared on behalf of
McMullin when the case was called yes
terday, and the firm of Denson, Oatrr.an
& Denson prosecuted the case on behalf
of the defendant. McMullin was called to
the stand and occupied the day giving tes
timony In support of his side of the con
troversy. Mrs. McMullin alleges that he
Is In possession of property valued at $30.-*
Notable Deaths
of the Day.
NEW YORK, Feb. s.— William Henry
Gilder, the explorer, a brother of Rich
ard Watson Gilder, died at his home In
Morristown, N. J.. to-day. He was born
In Philadelphia in 1534.
From 1878 to ISSO he served as second In
command of the Franklin search expedi
tion, conducted by the late Lieutenant
Frederick Schwatka. U. S. A., which
made a sledge journey In King Williams
Land, lasting twelve months and extend
ing over 2250 miles. This expedition re
covered the remains of Lieutenant Irving,
one of Sir John Franklin's companions.
In 1881 he accompanied the De Long ex
pedition under Captain Berry. U. S. N.,
on the Rogers, and when that vessel was
destroyed by fire on the western shore of
Bering Strait Mr. Gilder was aliened to
station, which Involved a winter Journey
of nearly 2000 miles across Siberia. After
accomplishing this task be joined In the
search on the Lena Delta for the surviv
ors of the Jeannette.
Of late years he had written for various
newspapers and magazines until falling
health put an end to his activity.
LOS ANGELES. ITeb. 5.-Charles Krae-
examination of ex-Policeman Thomas H.
Dillon on the charge of murdering Charles
Joyce had to be continued till this morn
ing. Attorney Reddy, for the defendant,
and the witnesses for the prosecution and
defense were in court and had to be noti
fied to return to-day.
As an Illustration of how justice can be
balked throught the lack of stenographers
in the Police Courts, Attorney Mack yes
terday secured a writ of habeas corpus
from Judge Carroll Cook for the release
of Edward Smith and James T. O'Brien,
two boys charged with grand larceny for
stealing a horse and wagon and It 3 con
tents, including $700 which was In an over
coat, on the ground that they are being
illegally detained in custody. The writ
"was made returnable this morning.
The usual number of continuances had
been granted In the case, and on Saturday
both sides were ready to proceed with the
preliminary examination. The Judge said
that owing to the lack of a stenographer
he was unable to proceed, and Prosecut
ing Attorney Weller asked for a contin
uance till to-morrow. Attorney Mack ob
jected, as it was not a legal excuse to
say that no stenographer was present,
and asked that the defendants be dis
charged. The Judge refused, and Mack
intimated that he would apply for a writ
of habeas corpus. The Judge said he was
perfectly right and he would appear be
fore the Superior Court and testify that
no legal excuse had been offered for a
continuance. ¦ s;: .-«
mer, formerly a cigar manufacturer of
St. Cloud, Minn., who has lived here for
some time, committed suicide this morn
ing by hanging himself in a shed bark, of
his residence. He fastened a clothesline
around his neck, tied the end to' a beam
end stepped from a chair. He was CO
y^ars of age and had been mentally un
l'alanced for some time. He leaves five
daughters and two sons residing here.
SANTA CRUZ, Feb. s.— The funeral of
Mrs. Clara Tlbbetts was held this after
noon from the Congregational church and
was largely attended. The services were
conducted by Rev. J. B. Orr, assisted by
Rev. E. H. Hayden of the Baptist church.
Mrs. Tlbbette for eight years was an em
ploye In the postoffice, where she won
many friends. She was very prominent
In the Order of the Eastern Star.
VALLEJO. Feb. s.— Frank Hussey, a
very popular member of the Vallejo foot
ball team, by the accidental breaking of
the seat of a hay wagon fell under . the
feet of the horses he was driving. His
skull was fractured and he was. lnstantly
killed. The accident occurred on Benicla
road, between Vallejo and Robert Gore's
ranch.
MARYSVILLE. Feb. 5.--Mrs. Mary Glb
lln, the aged mother of John and Thomas
Glblin. well known orchardists of this
section, and a pioneer resident of Sutter
County, died to-day at the home of her
daughter, Mrs. Samuel Lamme.
SANTA CRUZ, Feb. 5.— E. L. Halllday.
a well-known resident of this city, died
this evening. He was Interested In the
meat and cattle business here. He was
a native of Petaluma and 40 years of age.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. s.— United States
Senator Fairbanks of Indiana arrived at
Pasadena to-day. He comes to take the
body of his father, who died at Pasadena
last week, to Indiana for burial.
WOODLAND, Feb. s.— The flag was at
half-mast over the armory to-day, out of
respect to the memory of the late Colonel
Cluff. - . .
MACKAY FAMILY
HIS AN HEIRESS
Daughter Born in a
New York Home.
NEW YORK. Feb. 5.— A daughter was
born to Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Mackay on
Sunday afternoon at their Madison
avenue house, this city. Mrs. Mackay's
parents, the Duers, are with her.
The wedding of Miss Katherine Duer
and Clarence Mackay, nearly two years
ago, was one of the most fashionable
of the swell weddings in New
York during that season. Miss Duer was
one of the most prominent of New York
belles and was famous as having been
bridesmaid at most of the ultra-fashion
able weddings.
The Mackays.jlt Is said, have taken a
castle In Scotland, and will go there in
a few months. John W. Mackay has not
received the least number of the congrat
ulations tendered the happy family.
MORE MONEY FOR TEACHERS.
Latest Agreement Between Them and
Merchant Creditors.
As a result of a consultation of the
merchant creditors of the School Depart
ment, Attorneys Heller and Powers and
a committee of teachers, an agreement
was reached yesterday whereby the lat
ter will receive about 15 per cent more
of their salaries for the month of No
vember. 1898. It was mainly owing to
the efforts of Auditor Wells that the
teachers recently received 61 per cent of
their unpaid salaries out of $59,000 made
available from money collected as col
lateral inheritance taxes. Besides this
amount there Is now $27,000 now In
escrow in the Union Trust Company's
vault to be distributed under a former
agreement. At the time the $1 compro
mise was made between the teachers
and merchants, whereby the $59,000 was
devoted to unpaid salaries, $8000, also
received from Inheritance taxes, was to
have been turned over to the merchants.
The latter, however, have never made a
demand for this money, and it appears
that by the terms of the latest agree
ment between the interested parties the
teachers will receive $15,000, while the
merchants are to get $20,000, thus apply
ing the $27,000 now In escrow and the
$SOOO apportioned to the merchants to the
partial settlement of their claims. This
will give the teachers about 80 per cent
of their salaries for November, IS3B.
The agreement also provides that as
more moneys are received from Inheri
tance taxes they will be applied to liqui
date the 25 per cent of the salaries re
maining unpaid for November. IS9S, after
which, if there la any left over, the mer
chants' claims will be satisfied. In this
way the entire November salaries will
probably be paid and money may. also
be made available to pay at least a por
tion of the salaries ' for December, IS9S,
still remaining unpaid.
Catarrh; Deafness;
Diseases Positlrelj Cured by
DR. COTTIHGHAM'S «££¦.
204 Sutter St., NVV. Cor. Kearny.
Hours— 9 to 18 a. vx-i Ito I and 7 to « Jk. m.
UDPP •*¦>» bone«t trial of oa« wmlc ifng
rivL.L>«to show the ruperlor merit of tb«
new treatment. 2000 teat cas«H»— 9s per cent
cured. Call at one. or writ*.
JOSEPH HAVES'
BODY IS FOUND
Cause of Death Still a
. Mystery.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALINAS. Feb. s.— Whether Joseph B.
Hayes, a liquor merchant of San Fran
cisco, who was sojournir- at Paralso
Springs, in the mountain.- of southern
Monterey County, last summer commit
ted suicide, became lost in the mountains
or was murdered is as yet as deep a mys
tery as ever.
Hayes has been missing since August 20
and no trace was ever found of him until
yesterday when his body was discovered
In a deep ravine about a quarter of a
mile from the hotel. J. R. Gllkey. a
rancher of the Paralso district, while
chopping wood became attracted to the
spot by the loud barking of his dog. Upon
Investigation the body of Hayes was dis
covered. All of the head except the lower
Jaw was gone, both hands were missing
and other portions of the body were de
composed. The man carrying mall from
Soledad to Plney passed along the trail
six feet from where the body was discov
ered four times each week, but he never
made an investigation. The whole affair
Is causing much comment. Coroner Mul
ler was notified an(J went at once to the
scene. A thorough Investigation will be
made. t-'-i'"
COLONEL CLUFF
LAID TO REST
Funeral Under Masonic
Auspices.
Just m the western hills began to eat
Into the golden disk of the sun a bugler
Bounded "taps," and the Immense con
course of people that had gathered in the
Masonic Cemetery to do honor to the
memory of the late Colonel Thomas Cluff
fiispersed to their homes. It was the last
sad rite marking the passing of a man
honored and respected by every person
with whom in life he had come in contact
In either business or a social way.
The funeral occurred at 2 o'clock yes
terday afternoon at the Masonic Temple
under the auspices of King Solomon's
Lodge, Free and Accepted Masons, Rev
Dr. Lion officiating. After the services
the funeral proceeded to the Mason. c
Cemetery under the following escort:
Cavalry and Signal Corps, dismounted -
Company H. National Guard, of Oaklan-l-
Corapany C, National Guard, of San Fran
cisco; division of the Naval Reserve, all
three being under command of Colonel A
K. Whltton, commander of the Fifth In
fantry, National Guard. Following the
militia came the California Commandp.ry
Knights Templar; the Order of Elks,
King Solomon's Lodge, mourners, caisson
bearing the remains, members of the fam
ily. General Dickinson and staff, officers
or the Governor's staff, other National
Guard offlcers. active and retired, and em
ployes of the deceased. Directly following
the caisson bearing the remains walked
the army horse ridden by the deceased in
life, his cavalry boots being fixed in ihe
etirrcps and the martingales attached to
the bridle reins being wrapped in crape.
Tbe remains were borne to the caisson
and from It to the grave by ten members
of the Naval Reserve, and the honorary
pallbearers were as follows: Messrs. Bar
rere, U&lstead, Sanborn. Vail, Hosmer,
Evans, James, Nerney. Morton, Downey
Bates, Prince, Manning, O'Brien, Harris
Stock, Hughes, Zeile, Jelllson, Gunzen
florfer, Kellogg and Benedict.
The remains were laid at rest on an
eminence in the western part of the cem
etery, and there the worsnlpful master of
King Solomon's Lodge read the funeral
Bervlce, after which the choir chanted a
.hymn and tbe band played "Nearer, My
God, To Thee." A firing party, under
command of Captain Potter of the Fifth
Infantry, fired three volleys, and as the
sun wa« sinking behind the hills a bugler
•ounded "taps."
000 and is paid a monthly Income of 5415.
Of this she seeks her lawful share, and
Mr. McMullln sought to set her conten
tions at rest. Nothing of Importance was
developed during the day, and Judge
Bahrs continued the case until this morn
ing for further hearing.
Decrees of divorce have been granted J.
Callaghan from Anne Callaghan on the
ground of intemperance. James H. Mc-
Grath from Mary E. McGrath on the
ground of extreme cruelty, Mary O.
Greene from William A. Greene on the
ground of failure to provide, Amelia Mar
cowltz from Henry Marcowltz on the
ground of extreme cruelty.
Frances McDonald has sued John F.
McDonald for a divorce, alleging •failure
to provide as cause of action.
THE suicide theory In the case of
Amy Murphy, the girl whose body
was found In the park on Friday,
was, in the opinion of the law offi
cers, who have held to it all along,
almost completely confirmed yesterday,
when Detectives Ed Wren and Jerry
Dinan found where Miss Murphy had last
Wednesday bought a revolver and car
tridges. These two officers have been
searching for two days for this evidence
and their final success clears up much of
the mystery surrounding ¦ the death.
On Wednesday afternoon Miss Murphy
entered the sporting goods store of George
W. Shreve at 739 Market street and told
the salesman who waited on her, George
Barber, that she wanted a 3S-caliber pistol
and some cartridges. Barber sold her an
American double-acting bulldog of that
caliber for $1 75 and fifteen cartridges for
25 cents. These cartridges were of two
sizes, but all of them would fit the pistol.
"The young woman came into the store
between 4 and 5 o'clock," said Mr. Barber.
"She did not seem in the least excited
and there was no more trace of agitation
about her than if she had asked for a
tennis racket. She wore a black veil, but
it was not heavy enough to hide her
features. She paid for the pistol and
then asked if I would sell her a few car
tridges. I told her I would sell her any
number she wished, and she agreed to
take fifteen for 25 cents. There were two
kinds of these cartridges, because some
time ago burglars got Into the store and
broke open some boxes of cartridges of
different makes. I threw these all Into a
box together and sold them loose.
"The girl took three of- the cartridges
and put them into the pistol herself in my
presence. She tried to put in a fourth,
but the cylinder would not revolve fur
ther because she had not half-cocked the
hammer. She went out with the other
cartridges in the box. Perhaps she got a
fourth one into the pistol later."
Barber said he had not reported the sell
ing of the pistol sooner because he had
not paid much attention to the case. He
did not realize to whom he had sold the
pistol until the officers questioned him
about it.
The detectives took Barber to McAvoy's
undertaking parlors and there he positive
ly identified the remains as those of .the
person to whom he had sold the pistol.
When Detectives Dinan and Wren
brought the news of the purchase of the
pistol and the subsequent identification of
the remains by Barber as those of the
person who had made the purchase Acting
Chief Biggy said it had been established
to his complete satisfaction that the girl
had shot herself. »
"The person who stole the pistol from
beside the body took the watch, too," said
the acting Chief. "The timepiece was not
pawned, because Miss Murphy had plenty
of money without pawning it. She had as
much m 53 of her own and Poulin gave
her $20 more. After giving $10 to her
mother she had at least $15 left. I am of
the opinion that a mushroom hunter,
many of whom go into the park each
morning, according to Officer Dow, com
mitted the theft."
Edmund Cook, who lives at the corner
of Hayes and Devisadero streets, has
probably cleared away the mystery of
the pistol's disappearance. The gist of
Mr. Cook's statement was published in
yesterday morning's Call. He is a man
of means and has been well known here
for years. Mr. Cook was seen yesterday
and said:
"Thursday afternoon I took a stroll to
the park, as I frequently do. and some
time between 4 and 5 o'clock sat down
on the piazza at Tom Klink's place, cor
ner of Fell and Stanyan streets. While
sluing there I heard the repnrt of a pis
tol shot. There was only one report. I
said to myself, 'There's a suicide,' and
started to go over that way. Just then
two small boys came running out of the
park, near Klink's, seemingly excited.
Each appeared about 9 years old. When
they saw me they stopped. Following
them came a boy about 14 years old. He
had his right hand under his left coat
breast and seemed to be holding some
thing there. I thought he had stolen
something. He, too, stopped when he
saw me and looked as if he wanted to
turn back.
"The boys hesitated only for a second.
Then the older one dashed on and the
others followed. They ran as fast as
they could up beyond Hayes street and
out of sight. Of course, I think now that
the oldest one had the pistol with which
Miss Murphy was killed."
Detectives Dillon and Cody, who were
given charge of the main end of the case,
have, through believing from the start in
the suicide theory, worked out every clew
there was in order to leave nothing un
done toward determining whether a mur
der had been committed. They found
nothing to connect Poulin with any sus
picion of having murdered the girl. He
led them at once to the room in the Car
rolton where he said Miss Murphy had
turned on the gas on Saturday week. He
says it was 5:30 o'clock before he reached
that house in response to the summons
of his friend Maile, and found the gas
partly on. The detectives discovered that
Dan Doyle, employed by the United Car
riage Company, is the hackman who took
I Miss Murphy from the Carrolton on that
Saturday evening to 833* Bush street, from
which place the despicable Poulin sent her
from him forever. Doyle was summoned
by a call ring In from the Carrolton. He
said Miss Murphy looked pale and weak
when she left the place, but was able to
walk, supported by her false lover.
Proprietor Maurer of the Carrolton does
not remember the incident of Miss Mur
phy taking a room at his place. Plenty
of people came and went each day, ho
said, and he would remember few of
them.
Dr. Brigham and Dr. Mlddleton viewei
the remains yesterday. Dr. Brigham Bald
he believed there was only one wound and
that it had been Inflicted by a pistol
pressed against the head. Colonel Mid
dleton was of ] the same opinion. Botn
physicians will testify at the Inquest on
Thursday.
One of the questions that still puzzles
Is whether Miss Murphy met any person
In the park the evening of her death. Ac
cording to Park Policeman Dow she did
not. He says he saw the girl, whose re-
mains he has since identified, sitting on a
bench on the Hayes street walk Thurs
day evening. She got up two or three
times, he says, wrung her hands anxious
ly and looked toward the entrance, as If
expecting some one. Finally she took up
a small box lying beside her and disap
peared down a trail. . '¦
In contradiction to this is the statement
of Fred Charles Hergen, a contractor,
who after looking at Miss Murphy's re
mains said they were those of a girl he
had seen last Tuesday, Wednesday and
Thursday evenings In the park near
where the death occurred.
George C. Malle, the man who was with
Miss Murphy at the Carrolton before
Poulin went there, was taken to head
quarters yesterday by the detectives to
make a statement. Though he Is Poulln's
friend, what he told make 3 that individ
ual appear as a still more cruel and de
testable character.
Maile said that Miss Murphy telephoned
him Saturday forenoon at the Eisen Com
pany's office asking him to meet her at
12:30 near The Call building. He did so.
She was much agitated and looked as If
she had been •weeping. She said she
wanted him to deliver a letter and some
money to Horace Poulin and asked him
to accompany her to the Carrolton. She
went up first and secured a room — No. 54 —
there. She complained of Illness and Malle
got her some brandy, after drinking which
she revived and . told him that Horace
Poulin had promised>he would marry her
on her eighteenth birthday, which was
drawing near, but that.he had heard she
had been confined in a^Magdalen asylum
and had declared to her; that he would
have nothing more to do with her. She
told him of 'her living with Poulin and
said she did not want to go home, as her
mother hated her and set her stepfather
against her. Finally, Maile says, she gave
him a letter and $20 05 to give to Poulin,
whom she asked him to befriend.
Maile declared that the girl had been
drinking, and that after crying some more
and declaring she would kill herself fell
asleep on the sofa. Maile then went and
told Poulin, who left the office about 4:20
or 5 o'clock, and telephoned three-quar
ters of an hour later to learn the num
ber of the girl's room. <
At Amy's former home yesterday her
sister Winnie found three pages of senti
mental poetry written by the girl
Just before she died. It spoke of her "lost
love" and the coldness of writing com
pared with words.
On the afternoon of the day on which
Miss Murphy's death occurred Poulin
worked at he Eisner Company's office, ac
cording to his statement. He left there
about 5 o'clock, got his dinner and was
then at the White House saloon, 114 Sut
ter street, up to nearly 11 o'clock, when
he went to his room.
RUMOR IS BUSY
WITH THE HEW
POLICE BOARD
It Will Meet This
Evening.
NOTHING EXCITING EXPECTED
SULLIVAN IS WILLING TO BE
THE NEW CHIEF.
It Is Reported That Mayor Phelan
Has Accepted Thomas' Resigna
tion and Will Name His
Successor.
%
The Police Commission meets to-night,
and despite the belief based on the ex
citing termination of the last session of
the board, iae chances are that nothing
out of the ordinary will occur. Commis
sioner Thomas, who produced most of the
fireworks on that occasion. Is out of town
and will not be present.
It is quite possible that the Mayor may
notify the board that he has accepted the
resignation of Commissioner Thomas,
which has been in his hands for ten days.
It is also possiule that he may name that
gentleman's successor. In fact, rumor
wa6 buey yesterday with this bit of gos-
Kip. it being stated as a certainty that
the Mayor had gone so far as to confide
to several intimates that he had accepted
the resignation and decided on Mr. Thom
as' successor.
Rumor was also busy with the name of
Colonel W. P. Sullivan Jr.. the jlayor's
secretary, as the probable successful can
didate for Chief of Police, the Esola, alias
Harrington, person being conceded to be
utterly out of the question. Colonel Sul
livan, although never an avowed candi
date, does not deny that the position
would be grateful to him..
"I am not what you might call a
etraight-out candidate for the position."
he 6aid yesterday when Informed of the
rumor, "but I will say I would gladly ac
cept It if it were offered to me."
This statement of Colonel Sullivan's gives
some color to the belief that there will be
"somethin" doin" " to-night. It is known
that a week ago last night Mayor Phelan.
absolutely flabbergasted and disgusted at
the public exposure of Esola's unntness for
the place, announced that Colonel Sulli
van was his candidate. The Esolaites,
discouraged by the previous exposure,
were dumfounded when they heard of this
etep. They elept on their arms during
the night and. refreshed by morning and
spurred on by desperation, they made a
last attack on the Mayor, threatening, ca
joling, persuading him to stay bought.
Their logic, even if enforced with a club,
had the desired effect and Sullivan was
withdrawn from the fight.
Since that time matters. Instead of
mending, have grown worse for the plot
ter*, until the burden has become unbear
able. The modestly announced candidacy
of Colonel Sullivan, "I would gladly ac
cept if It were offered to mo," is taken
as the first indication that an effort will
be made to shift the burden.
The Mayor's intentions regarding Police
Commissioner Biggy are shrouded in
more mystery than ever. Commissioner
Thomas' announcement at last Tuesday's
meeting that Mr. Phelan had authorized
him to say that Biggy would be ousted
oefore yesterday has not been borne out
Dy the results. The day after it was made
by the lawyer Commissioner. Mayor Phe
lan took occasion to say practically that
Mr. Thomas had exceeded his powers.
It may be that the Mayor may. even In
the face of strong public opinion, remove
Mr. Biggy It he does he will do so to
night. To all questioners yesterday con
cerning matters pertaining to the Police
Commission he said it would meet to-night
and whatever would be done would be
known.
Hales.
PHELAN'S WILL
IS SUPERIOR TO
A CHARTER LAW
Financial System Has
Been Changed.
SAFEGUARDS THROWN ASIDE
MAYOE'S CZAB-LIKE POLICY
AGAIN MANIFEST.
Freeholder Clement Declares That No
Executive Officer Should Pre
sume to Override a Fun
damental Law.
THIS matter was fully
discussed in the Charter
Convention by such men
as ex- Auditor Colin M. Boyd,
ex-Auditor and ex-State Con
trrller John P. Dunn, ex-Su
pervisor Stewart Menzies, ex-
Supervisor Denman and ex-
Mayors Pond and Ellert, all of
whom had had long experience
in the affairs of the city, and
all of whom had more or less
to do with the discussion
which led to the financial
scheme adopted by the Char
ter Convention and subse
quently carried into the char
ter with very little, if any,
alteration by those of us who
were elected Freeholders. I
would not assume in the least
degree the prerogative of
changing the requirements of
the charter, for that is our '
fundamental law, and no ex
ecutive officer would certainly
take the responsibility of set
ting aside the fundamental
law of the city. — Attorney
Henry N. Clement in an in
terview.
Mayor Phelan has set up a new fee sys
tem. The charter law has been super
seded by the Phelan will. According to
the charter provisions an officer receiving
a fee has to make out a receipt for the
person who pays it, a duplicate for the
dally settlement with the Treasurer and
a triplicate to be given the Auditor at the
end of the month, when the stubs are
turned in. The Treasurer has been obliged
to make out a receipt for each fee paid
in to him, which he turns over to the
Auditor, and at the end of the month the
Auditor compares the stub books with
the receipts he has received from the
Treasurer.
Treasurer Brooks decided that this was
too much trouble and complained to the
Mayor, who concluded that it would fully
satisfy the "spirit of the charter require
ments" for the Treasurer to send the
Auditor a list of receipts turned over to
him, instead of making a duplicate for
each slip of paper. He further author
ized the giving of a single receipt for sev
eral items by any official who sftould take
a number of fees at oue time from the
same person.
While the charter is very exacting as
regards the routine of fee handling.
Mayor Phelan has decided that his solu
tion satisfies the "spirit of charter re
quirements" and therefore should be
adopted. The absurdity and presumption
displayed by an executive official in not
only interpreting but changing charter
requirements is shown in the following
interview with Attorney Henry N. Cle
ment, a member of the Board of Free
holders:
"Section 35, article 16 of the new charter
provides that when any officer, board or
department finds it necessary in order
properly to conduct official business to
have more assistance, he should so inform
the Mayor. Upon investigation, if the
Mayor decides such to be so, he may rec
ommend that the Supervisors permit the
employment of such additional clerks or
assistants, and by an affirmative vote of
not less than fourteen members it may be
authorized."
"This provision comes under the head
of that portion of the charter marked
'Miscellaneous Business,' and provides
for certain contingencies which might
arise when the charter should be put into
operation. One of the first contingencies
we thought might arise was that in the
reorganizing of the various departments
more work might be imposed upon the
various officers or boards than had been
calculated upon. Therefore section 5 was
inserted to meet just such a contingency
Now, I have recently found by going to
the Treasurer's office he was complaining
that the charter caused his clerks to be
overworked by imposing so much detail
in the matter of small receipts. He want
ed to know of me what should be done.
1 immediately referred him to section 35,
article XVI, and told him to call the mat
ter to the attention of the Mayor. Mr
Brooks said he could not see the necessity
of so much detail in email matters, the
importance of which was not commensu
rate with the trouble Imposed. I told him
I did not see how he could fall to comply
with the provisions of the charter with
out setting it aside entirely, which of
course no one would be authorized to do.
I then said to him: 'General Grant once
said the best way to make a law obnox
ious is to enforce It in its entirety.'
Therefore, said I, carry out the provisions
of the charter precisely as they are writ
ten and the blame will not rest upon you.
If your force of employes is not large
enough to do it, then fall back upon sec
tion 35 of article XVI and get additional
deputies from the Supervisors.
"The financial system embodied In the
charter was originally drafted by a com
mittee In the Charter Convention of One
Hundred, headed by ex-Auditor John P.
Dunn, .who is also ex-State Controller, a
man we all thought to be thoroughly con
versant with the subject. He was a man
in whom we all had great faith, and I
know that this very system of checks
upon the Treasurer, involving the entry
of all the receipts of which the Treas
urer now complains, was a part of the
system devised by Mr. Dunn and his com
mittee to keep the Treasurer's office un
der such checks as were thought neces
sary for so important an office.
"The matter was fully discussed in the
Charter Convention by such men as ex-
Auditor Colin M. Boyd, ex-Supervisor
Stewart Menzies, ex-Supervisor Denman
and ex-Mayors Pond and Ellert, all of
whom had had long experience In the af
fairs of the city and all of whom had
more or less to do with the discussion
which led to the financial scheme adopted
by the Charter Convention, and subse
quently carried Into the charter with
very little if any alteration by those of
us who were elected Freeholders.
"I would not assume the prerogative of
changing in the least degree the require
ments of the charter, for that Is our
fundamental law, and no executive officer
would certainly take the responsibility of
setting aside the fundamental law of the
city."
Hales.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1900.
PISTOL WAS PURCHASED BY
AMY MURPHY ON WEDNESDAY
PATERNAL ADVICE FOR
THE UNINITIATED
J? misses' -rwo^ :2
* Jackets 98Cs
£ not 98c jackets, but truly $4.50 jackets cut to 98c, because we will not :;
T? take any of this winter's goods with us into our new store, these jackets
J& are of mixed tweed, of medium shades, with high s'orm collars, 8 button, i 2*
t double breasted, two pockets; sizes 14, 16, 18 and 20 y;ars. * ;*
•^ . *r
4* nCWS Of not a " of the new s; not room on this whole OL
t i . page for all of the good things for you to-day ~
T? CIOaKS, linenS at our stor?, but jjst a bit about cloaks and *£•
jackets, cur to-in some instances— less »
"gana Valentines, than one-fourth their va!u:- a little^*
•g* about the £21002 100 8 shillings and 2 penes sterling worth of linens ws have *J>
S+ just imported; a word or two about the 1900 valentines and some new goods &>
that we brought from Nsw York (or you by express. "**
«-. children's jackirts that<£| je jackets that wer; 55.00 ci /Ce?^»
Te?.were 53.50 cut to .pL-tO cut t0 4>1.05*r
,£ kersey and melton cloth jackets jackets that were 510.00 to 520.00^*
•17 that were 510.00 to 5 i;-oo C"2 5C cut for this sale to <?• j jce-^r
cut to W.OD $4.05 2>
4* ladies' for th!s sals thos - that sold for 57 - 53 > **°-°°> 520.00, 525.00, ?£•
*suits. KuMo S .'l:f.!.™::s4-95. $12.50 and $20*
|ll p a 1e de of linens. f
,51 yesterday's selling of these goods was large enough to have closed out
J; an ordinary stock, ours was not an ordinary stock, it was the largest Im-
•§* portatlon of linens ever brought to Frisco; cost us £2100 8 shillings and 2A.
jr. pence, come this morning and see the wonderfully low prices that prevail.
J?i Here's a sample: . tr
jc. table damask, bleached, 60 Inches wide, all linen, ; per yard, _
jgonly 35 C **
a.
jg\ It would seem as though the art publishers of the world had vied with &
<^one another in the issuing of pretty valentines tor 1900. we have the
4+ prettiest from the different stocks, dainty lace ones | + *7 — -4&
~ IC lO '5 C i
then, too, are the popular comic ones that dellsht ic\r era
you can get — **J» 5^ **
*!npe«rf /f» w _ O triple sliver plated; some satin finished,^
SLOO. 50me burnished; sold regularly for 52.25^
jbL"aV» Jm r jf to 53.25. . 19
*• ¦¦'¦>--"'' '¦ x --¦¦-¦¦¦¦' *F
J* just in by express. *
spangled nettings. >$»
4* the very latest — a fine silk black spangled netting, heavily
grenadine mesh, with a velvet f°v ; red, 27 Inches ; wide, very pretty • *
"j? ° . , , ...' —. . . irom $2.50 to $5.00 per yard T3T
|f dot and chenille Grecian bor- an entirely 2
J?der, in assorted colors- new des p ign f 2? Jnchcs - *£
T? per yard, only O u^ wide— per yard . .. 4>4 #oo^r
«£r : 4"
1? 935-947 Market Street.
12
The Girl Gave to
Maile a Letter and
Money for Poulin,
Edmund Cook Describes
How Boys May Have
Stolen the Woman's
New Revolver.
Latest Developments in the
Golden Gate Park Tragedy
Point Gradually to Le
gal Suicide but
Moral Murder.