Incessant heavy cross-fire In a burning
sun for seven hours. Our casualties were
for the most part slight, the proportion
of killed and wounded being extremely
small."
AT KIMBERLEY THE
BOERS ARE ACTIVE
KIMBERLEY (by heliograph). Wednes
day,- Jan.* 17.' via Modder River. Jan. 22.—
Native reports say that a proclamation
has been issued at Barklay West by Com
mandant Bolthoff ordering all British sub
jects to leave before January 22. Ladies
aro being subjected to great insults. The
Boers are again very active, bombarding
heavily from all positions from dawn until
8/aJjm/, the fire being directed chiefly
against the redoubts.
PRETORIA PERTURBED.
¦ LONDON. Jan. 23.— The correspondent
of' the Times at Lourenzo Marquez, tele
graphing yesterday. says: ;
. "News from the republics Is exceeding
ly 'meager. 'butjt Is reported. that Preto
ria is, much perturbed. This Is confirmed
from different sources, and to-day It is
even hinted that the. Boers are about, to
sue ,' for -peace. ' This •is Improbable until
they haveplayed their trump card in the
shape of an ) appeal for intervention. It is
an undoubted fact that they are ¦ bitterly
military authorities by wire and mail. A
one-armed applicant from Kamloops be
lieves that his dismemberment is no bar
to his acceptability, as he offers also hU
own trained horse, which he controls by
verbal command, while he is said to ba
a crack shot. H. Ballard of San Luis
Obispo, Cal.. has also volunteered, offer
ing to provide his own horse and equip
ment. .
BOERS FIRE FURIOUSLY.
LONDON, Jan. 23.— The Daily Telegraph
publishes the following dispatch delayed
by the censor from Rensberg, dated Sun
day afternoon:
"Last evening- at 9 o'clock the Boers be
gan firing furiously all along their main
position. Three tiers of rifle fires were
visible. The firing lasted three-quarters
of an hour. The reason for the alarm is
not known here."
KRUGER WANTS PROTECTORATE
NEW YORK, Jan. 22.— A Journal spe
cial from Rome says: The Agenzla
Itallana says that Kruger's letter through
former Consul Macrum to McKlnley asks
a United States protectorate over tho
Transvaal and Orange Free State. If
McKlnley grants the request the Boer re
publics will make large concessions to
foreigners in order to end the war, ac
cording to the Agenzia,
"LONG CECIL" FIRED.
LONDON, Jan. 23.— A dispatch to th»
Daily Telegraph from Klmberley, dated
Friday, January 13. says:
"A 2S-pounder gun, christened 'Lord
Cecil,' which was manufactured at the
De Beers workshops, was tried to-day
and fired accurately at a range of SOU)
yards."
THREATENS CORRESPONDENTS.
STERKSTROM. Jan. 22.— Affairs her©
continue quiet. Tremendous swarms of
locusts are passing over the British camp
In a northerly direction and are destroy
ing the grass on the veldt. Commandant
Oliver threatens to detain as prisoners of
war any newspaper correspondents cap
tured by his force.
Map Showing the Positions
of the British and Boer
Forces During the Late
Movements on the Tugela,
as Lescribed in Dispatches.
left and are converging slowly but surely
to the Boer center. The Boer loss 4 s un
known but has been heavy. The killed
and wounded are carried away to the rear
rapidly. Strong rumors are in circulation
that the Boers are retiring. The battle
will be resumed to-morrow."
BOAST OF A BOER
MAY NOT BE A DREAM
LONDON. Jan. 23— The Dally Chronicle
has received the following, dated January
22. 4:10 p. m., from Spearmans Camp:
"The Boers admit twenty-one casualties
during General Lyttelton's skirmish on
Saturday. General Warren continues on
ward, though he is necessarily making
very slow progress, as the Boers are
numerous and strongly Intrenched. Our
infantry are working over parallel ridges,
with Lord Dundonald's cavalry lying well
out on the left flank and awaiting develop
ments. The Boers contest every inch of
the ground.
"This morning General Warren's artil
lery reopened fire, but the Boers did not
reply and our fire became less hot The
naval guns In front have been quiet. A
Boer prisoner who was brought in boasted
that it would take us three months to
reach Ladysmith."
BOERS SAID TO
BE LOSING HEAVILY
NEW TORK. Jan. 123.1 23.— The Tribune's
special from London, 6 a. m.. says: There
Is for the moment an almost complete
cessation of news from the theater of ope
rations in Natal. Shortly before midnight
a further list of British losses was posted
at the War Office, but no message from
General Bullor reporting progress. The
casualties announced last night were all
sustained in Hart's brigade during the
fighting at Bpion Kop Sunday. They
make a total of ninety-two— one officer
killed, three wounded; five rank and filo
kilied. seventy-five wounded and eight
missing.
It can scarcely be doubted that fight
ing was resumed yesterday morning, and
intelligence is anxiously awaited.
The Telegraph's correspondent, describ
ing Sunday's eperations, says throughout
the day General Warren continued to ad
vance steadily. The Boers resisted stub
bornly, but Hart's . brigade, which, with
Hiidyard's had the brunt of the Infantry
work, drove them slowly from hill to hill.
The Dublin Fusileers fought grandly. A
turning movement" was tried by the Boers
on the British extreme left, but two bat
teries of artillery and the Devons stopped
and repulsed it.
Despite the strength of their works and
numbers the Boers are losing heavily
During the afternoon the Dublins tried to
take a stiff position by the bayonet, but
the correspondent does not mention
whether the attempt was successful or
otherwise. The bombardment of Kimber
ley was renewed on January 17, the^Boer
fire being directed mainly against the re
doubts.
Mafcklng was safe down to January 12.
ST. LOUIS WORLD'S FAIR.
Congress to Be Asked for a Flva-
Million Apropriation.
ST. LOUIS. Jan. 22.— The Pennsylvania
Rallrcad system to-day subscribed J30.000
toward the $5,000,000 subscription fund
being raised for the St. Louis Word's
Fair, to be held In 1303. to commemorate
the Louisiana purchase centennial. A
bill appropriating $5,000,000 In aid of tha
fair is about to be Introduced in Con
gress.
Democratic Sensation Fails.
FRANKFORT. Ky.. Jan. 22,-For two
days the Democrats have been talking
about a second bribery sensation In which
an attempt was made to induce a Goebcl
man to vote for Taylor, and to-day soms
evidence was given before the Grand
Jury, no indictments being returned, how
ever. The Republicans laugh at the story
and declare there is nothing in it. Wil
liam T. Clark of New York, who was
subperaed as the confidential man o£
Richard Croker. returned to New York
to-night.
pressed deep regret. at the heavy loss of
British officers in South Africa and
praised the Boer .' generalship, but hi*
Majesty reprehended the attitude of the
German press toward' Great Britain,
which, he said. was. rendering his task of
avoiding friction with Great Britain
doubly hard. He recalled Prince Bis
marck's saying that the "windows which
our press smashed we have to pay for."
The release of the MarJe has made a
most excellent Impression here, and is In
terpreted as showing the • earnest de3ire
of Great Britain to re-establish thor
oughly friendly relations with Germany/
Nevertheless there is the highest author
ity for the statement that Germany has
not abandoned the idea of bringing about
a clearer, definition of what" constitutes
contraband and the rights of neutrals on
the sea, either through an International
conference, or direct diplomatic negotia
tions between ' Cabinets. .1
A high official of the. Foreign Office dis
cussing tho matter. to-day said:
"Germany must await, of course, the re
sult of the , present > negotiations 1 with
England relative to .the rights* of neu
trals. We. are. not anxious to take the
initiative In' a; movement for. a .clearer
definition of, contraband, but if necessary
we shall do so. Anyway, we are ready to
join the other- nations" In such a move
ment.',' V-: ;'- jV- .;...-.• .¦' '•¦.'- ¦ '•¦
United States, Embassador White, when
asked for a statement; of the American
Dositlon, said: , . ¦*:.;., . .._. . J .
General Mac Donald left Cape Town to as
sume command of the Highland brigade
at Modder River.
The Mall states that some friction has
arisen between the regulars and colonials
in Natal and a number of colonial officers
are resigning their commissions.
TONS OF SHRAPNEL
THROWN AGAINST BOERS
SPEARMANS CAMP, Natal, Jan. 22,
9:30 a. m.— Early on Sunday morning Gen
eral Warren commenced a flanking move
ment on the extreme left of the Boer posi
tion. The infantry advanced at 5 o'clock
in the morning. along the Irregular Ta
bamyama Mountain, which ends at Splon
kop. The 'artillery positions were behind
and on the plain. The British carefully
worked along the hills until within 1000
yards of a commanding kopje, on which
the • Boers were concentrated, concealed
behind Immense boulders strewn thickly
over the hill. The' artillery opened the
attack and the batteries worked continu
ously, pouring tons of shrapnel among
the Boers, who devoted their attention
to musketry firing on the British infantry:
The Boers stuck to their rocky: fastnesses
with the greatest tenacity, and ;at the
conclusion of the day, the British had only
advanced a few ridges. The Boers appar
ently have few guns and : they did little
damage. . Captain ; Honley of the Dublin
Fuaileers fell mortally wounded while
Artillery Crossing the Klip River at Ladysmith Under Fire. On the Right Are Shown
the "Dug-Guts" for Protection From Shells, With Which the Kiver Bank Is
Honeycombed. :i£.£;
disappointed at the apparent apathy of
the Continental powers."
HOSPITAL SHIP
MAINE AT CAPE TOWN
LONDON, Jan. 22.— The Ladles' Maine
Hospital Committee received the follow
ing dispatch to-night: ,-'•/•
"CAPE TOWN. Jan. 22.— ArTived yester
day. All well. Going to Durban Thurs
day. Everything satisfactory.
"CHURCHILL."
The signer of the above dispatch Is evi
dently Lady Randolph Churchill, who left
England on December 27 with the Ameri
can hospital ship Maine.
BEEF FOR THE BOERS
CHICAGO. Jan. 22.— A trainload of beef
(750.000 pounds) for the use of the Boers
is being purchased here by an agent of
the Transvaal Government. On account
of recent seizures by British war vessels
of ships bearing supplies for the Trans
vaal packers have refused to sell the beef
for delivery beyond Chicago and negotia
tions lor transportation are pending. This
i 3 the second trainload of beef sold here
for the Boers, the first consignment, sold
about a month ago, being now. It is said,
on the ocean.
VANCOUVER ROUGH RIDERS.
VANCOUVER. B. C, Jan. 22.—Applica
tions for enlistment in the Vancouver
Rough Riders continue to come to local
MAYOR PHELAN has attempted
to break another of his pre
election promises, and has only
been prevented from doing so by
reason of the fact that his own
Board of Supervisors, disgusted with his
actions, has refused to be a party to his I
double dealing. Recent developments
have proved conclusively that Phelan re- j
celved many votes on credit— in other
words, on promise of reward in the way
of patronage or favors in the event of
his election. Many of those who were
induced by his seductive speech to trust
in him have given up hope of ever col
lecting the debt; the few left who still
have faith are finding out that the
promises fulfilled by Phelan are few and i
far between.
The most recent case of his duplicity
is his attempt to place a license tax of j
$50 a month on the lkiuor-dealers, in the ,
face of his promise, made voluntarily be- ;
fore election, when he wanted their sup
port and their votes, that he would not
favor any measure that would disturb
the conditions then existing.
At present the license is $21 a quarter.
Phelan attempted at a caucus of the Su
pervisors, held about two weeks ago. to
force that body to place the tax at $600
a year. The Supervisors, having been ad
vised of his guarantee to the saloon men,
refused to accede to his demands. When
they fix the new license the figure will be i
$50 a quarter, which Is said to be satis
factory to the liquor men, although |
they do not thank the Mayor for the fa- j
vor.
The story of the saloon license
promise is on a par with all
of Phelan's methods of securing
political prestige. Shortly after the
late municipal conventions named
their candidates for Mayor a committee
of the San Francisco Protective As
sociation waited on both Phelan
and Horace Davis. The object of
the committee was not to exact any
promises from either Phelan or the gen
tleman who was to be his opponent. They
did not go to ask protection. They only
wanted to ascertain the stand of th;> two
candidates on the liquor queMlon - ami
learn if either was Inclined to be oppres
sive in the event of becoming the execu
tive officer of new San Francisco.
Phelan received the committee with
open arms. It represented an interest
that controlled a great number of votes
and the Mayor saw a chance to buy their
favor and support, with one of his
"phony" promises. The spokesman was
hardly given an opportunity to explain
the purpose of the visit tefore Phelan
volunteered the information that he was
the greatest friend the saloon men ever
had and promised that he would not
favor any measure calculated to Increase
their burdens.
"Why, the saloons are the best things
that ever happened." he is reported to
have said. "The outlying districts of the
MONDON. Jan. 23. — General
Warren is meeting strong
resistance to his advance
against the Boer positions along
the rid£cs of Mount Tobanysnu.
A dispatch received this morn
ing which was sent from -Spcar-
maas Camp at A o'clcck yrstcr
day aitcrnoon says that the
Boers are numerous and strongly
intrenched and are contesting
every inch o? ground.
The Brussels correspondent of
the Daily Chronicle asserts that
he has learned from authentic
sources that the Leers have
between 83.000 and 90,000 men
in the field.
DURBAN, Natal. Jan. 22.— The
statement comes from ai excel
lent source in Pictcrmaritzburg
that Lord Lundo.iald lias en
tered Ladysmitn with IGJO men.
This is not ;onx rmed from tny
other quarter but it is kown
¦
that Lord Dundonald's liying
column has been acting well to
the left o. the line of advance.
LONDON. Jan.* 23, 4:15 a. m.— General
Bulltr has reported nothing of hli
operations on Monday and official
and press Intelligence leaves the
British bivouacked Sunday night on
the ground they had won after two days'
fighting. The War Office turned every
body out of the lobbies at midnight. Ap
parently Lord Lansdowne was as much
without news all yesterday as other per
sons were.
Military men assume that fighting must
have taken place and that it was prob
ably mere severe than on the two preced
ing c"ays. General Buller would not be
likely to give the Boers leisure to add to
th* elaborate 'ntrenchments, to arrange
their artillery and to concentrate their
forces.
The special correspondents Sunday night
were allowed to send the announcement
that tho battle would almost certainly be
resumed the following day and hence of
ficial and popular anxiety is at high ten
riar. The llrilitih military experts all
share the lu>pes of their leaders and as
•Spencer Wilkinson points out they "hesi
tate to s-ay a word that might be Inter
preted as unfavorable. Mr. Wilkinson re
fers to the "cooler Judgment of German
and Austrian critics." which means that
some of the best judges look upon Gen
<r;ii Kuller's enterprise as a forlorn hope,
as merely a continual strain of fighting,
which may prove too much for the phy
sical energy of the troops engaged.
The Daily Chronicle's military expert
says:
"Even when a battle is won In a single
day as a rule pursuit is only possible
when fresh troops are available. But in
this Instance it is not a question of mere
pursuit, but of renewing an attack upon
intrenched positions after a day's hard
fighting and a night of lying on the bat
tlefield."
Reinforcements aggregating 5000 or more
have reached Cape Town during the last
three days. It is uncertain how these
have been disposed of, but probably most
of them have bee n sent to Natal, where
It is believed General Buller needs them.
The British in the other districts of
i South Africa continue Inactive. Lord Me
thuen's 13.005 men are behind their works.
General French's 4000 at Rensburg were
roused on Sunday by a general alarm that
the Boers were attacking, but it turned
out that there v.as no basis for this.
General Gatacre is quiescent at Coles-
The discontent of the colonial officers
and the disagreements with the regulars
are being inquired into by Lord Roberts,
who afscrts that he will give the Cape
colonials equal opportunities.
At Ladysmith the deaths from enteric
fever and dysentery average ten a day.
Some fears are expressed that the garri
son may be so worn by privations and
disease as to be unable to do much in
the way of helping General Buller.
The War Office has decided not to send
the Seventh Lancers. Eighth Hussars and
Seventh Dragoon Guards to South Africa,
although mobilized. It is understood that
Lord Roberts does not see a way to get
fodder for the English chargers. More
than that the English cavalry are too
heavy for work on the veldt and Lord
Roberts expects to use colonial cavalry
instead.
HOT FIGHTING GOES
ON DURING THE DAY
LONDON. Jan. 23.— The Daily Mall has
the following, dated Sunday night, from
Spearmans Camp:
•There has been hot fighting all day. At
dawn our attack was resumed all along
the line, all th*> brigades taking part. W>
Foon discovered that the Boers still occu
pied the range of hills in force, their posi
tion being very strong. The range is in
tersected by stoop ravines and many ap
proaches very difficult of access.
"1 o-day the lioers. who were- driven
from their trenches "yesterday, took cover
In dcrgas and behind the rocks with
which the hills arc strewn. The forces,
tV.^r^fore. cornrr.erieed the task of driving
them out. and ect to work with goo-1
heart in the early morning. Much flrfng
took place and our progress was slow,
but gradually P.ritish pluck told Its tale
end the er.-my fell back to another
kopje. "We rwarmed on and occupied it.
and then th* attack recommenced with
the utmost pa/.antry.
"The countrj simply abounds in nills
favorable to guerrilla warfare, and our
Task is an arduo-i? one. Nevertheless, it
Is being gradually accomplished. When
ever any of tho enemy were observed
taking up a frerh position our field bat
teries poured in showers of shrapnel, and
the rapid movement of the guns, follows)
by accurate shooting, must have greatly
distressed them.
''The enemy were on the defensive al
most the entire day. save once, when they
attempted to outflank our left and wcr»
signally checkmated. They relied almost
entirely on rifle fire. A few shells were
fired from a heavy piece of ordnance, but
these fell harmlessly.
•"We now occupy the lower crest on the
While Buller's Arroy Is Battling Fiercely to Relieve Ladysmith) a Report Comes That
Lord DuQdooald Witf) Sixteen HuQdred Men Y]qs Entered the Beleaguered
"T- f I O~»-€> ? €> ? »-»-#' ? <» ? 4> »¦ «£^-»— S>-»- »-»-»-?-»-»- <s>-»-? -»-»~»~V-»-» ???0i leading his men to seize a fresh point of I Q++ ? 4 ????????? -f ???"??» O
I O\A/n. !? ¦ l Ci_U_r '-^-.¦•i-:C A vantage. - \t . ;_ ' . +
LONDON, Jan. 23.— The Times publish
es the following from Frere Camp, dated
yesterday (Monday):. •
"On Friday General Warren began a
long, circuitous march . from Trlchards
Drift westward. . This was abandoned,
owing to" the fact that the long ridge
which runs from Spionskop was occupied
by the enemy, who commanded the route,
rendering the maintenance of communi
cation for transports Impossible. He
therefore returned and camped for th*»
night about two miles from Trlchardi
Drift. On Saturday a frontal attack on
the 'ridges was ordered."
' The correspondent then describes Sat
urday's lighting (already cabled), an!
adds:
¦ "The men behaved splendidly under an
LONDON, Jan. 23.— Just
'. before midnight the War Office
issued the following dispatch
from General Buller:
"Spearmans Camp, Jan.
22, 6 p. m.— The following
casualties are reported in Gen
eral Hart's brigade as the re
. suit of yesterday's fighting:
;''; "Killed — Captain Ryall,
Yorkshire Regiment, and five
men.
!¦ -;¦¦'.- ;. "Wounded — Second Lieu
tenant Andrews, Border regi
ment; Captain MacLaughlan,
Inniskillings; Lieutenant Bar
low, Yorkshire regiment, and
seventy-five men; missing,
eight men.
"Other casualties will be
forwarded when received."
"I have no authority to express the
views of my Government since Germany
has not thus far approached the Unitod
States with a request to join a movement
for a clearer definition of contraband and
the rights of neutrals, but I may say that
our Government has always been ready
to go into a conference on the subject.
Ever since the declaration of Paris In
1556 the United States Government has
stood for the same sea rights as land
rights respecting private property, hoM-
Ing it free under any circumstances
which is going further than any other
nation. During the peace conference at
.The Hague I made a desperate effort in
the same direction. Not only did I write
a long letter to the president of the con
ference. Baron de Staal. but I also Tiad*»
a long speech on the question before the
conference. I found Germany, Sweden
and Holland with the United States In the
main, but that England was against us,
and also France and Russia, for well
known reasons."
The East Africa line is now establish
ing the amount of damage it sustained by
the seizure of the Bundesrath. This will
be at least 500,000 marks.
BRITISH TROOPS BEHAVE
WELL UNDER CROSS FIRE
leading his men to seize a fresh point of
vantage. _
DR. CONAN DOYLE
GOING TO THE FRONT
LONDON, Jan. 23.— Alfred Austin, the
poet. laureate, and Dr. Conan Doyle, the
novelist, were the guests of the Authors'
Club lnst evening. In response to a toast
to his health Dr. Doyle said he was about
to go to the front, not with a rifle, but
with a stethoscope, . which many would
regard as a more dangerous weapon.
"This war." he continued, "marks, a
turning point In the life of Great Britain.
Some eight months ago I took the chair
at a peace, meeting, but' l wish now to
abjure that error. I have seen more posi
tive virtue in this country during the last
few months than I saw during the pre
vious forty years of my life. Why' should
we punish Kruger? .That man has solved
a- problem which every statesman had
found unsolvable." ;
: "I would build a monument to President
Kruger of the size of St. Paul's Cathedral,
putting him under it, and I would write
across It: 'To the memory of the man
who federated the British empire.' "
WILLIAM PRAISES
BOER GENERALSHIP
BERLIN. Jan. 22.— The Montag Zeltung
asserts that when the Emperor recently
received the Presidents of the Diet he ex-
BOERS CONTESTING EVERY INCH
OF GROUND GAINED BY BRITONS
PHELAN BREAKS ANOTHER
PRE-ELECTION PROMISE
Deceives Saloon Men in Order
to Secure Their Votes,
Agrees Not to Disturb License, but
Attempts to Raise It to $600 a Year
as Soon as He Attains Power.
Phelan attempted to carry his l*o.i*
into effect as soon as the new Board of
Supervisors was organized. He called the
members together in caucus about two
weeks ago and made the same suggestion
that he had voiced before the convention
of the League of California Municipalities,
and he argued that it was his wish that
the license In San Francisco should ar
bitrarily •bfr fixed -at $600 c. year. The Su
pervisors were not Inclined to any such
proposition. They had some sense of de
cency and fair play, and believed that tne
saloon men should at least be given a
hearing. The matter was referred to th<»
License Committee, consisting of Super
visors Comte, McCarthy and Booth. They
held a conference with the same commit
tee that had interviewed Mayor Phelan
before election. The result of the Inter-
Change of ideas was a decision, in de
fiance of the Mayor's protest, to place the
new license at $50 a quarter.
The saloon men do not entertain a very
high regard for the Mayor's Integrity .
and from the action taken by tho Boar.l
of Supervisors it Is evident that the mem
bers agree with the views of the liquor
dealers.
city have been built uo by reason of tha
little saloons that thrive there."
The Mayor's oily eloquence so Im
pressed the liquor men that they straight
way Indorsed him. The ticket that was
circulated among the members of the
Protective Association, while not com
mitting Itself in words to the indorse
ment of Phelan. was so arranged that a
blind voter could have understood its In
tent. In big black-face type were the
words: "For Mayor, James D. Phelan,"
followed by "or Horace Davis," in letters
so small and Insignificant that nothing
was left to explain.
Phelan was elected and the votes of the
saloon men went a long way toward
bringing about his success. Presuming
Phelan to be a man of his word, the
liquor dealers did not Interest themselves
further In the license question until, dur
ing 1 the recent convention of the League
of California Municipalities, they were
astounded to learn of the Mayor's public
announcement that he favored taxing the
whisky men to the limit. In an address
before the convention he said in effect:
"New San Francisco will be confronted
with a deficiency In her revenue of near
ly $100,000 annually by reason of the abol
ishment of the business license. This sum
will have to be made up In some way. I
favor placing a tax of $1 on every nlcksl
ln-the-slot machine. This will produce
about $23,000. and I think that the rsat
should be taken out of the profits of tho
saloon men. Our license here Is but a
paltry $21 a quarter, while In Los Angelts
the liquor men are forced to pay J'WO a
year. There Is no reason why the San
Francisco saloon men should be let down
so easy when those of the southern city
pay as much as they do." '¦¦- •-
VOLUME LXXXVII — NO. 54.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, JANUARY 23, 1900.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
COL. B. hAMILTON.
This officer, who Is a member of
General Clery's staff, was wound
ed In Saturday's battle near Spion
kop. Colonel Hamilton Is the
champion swordsman of the Brit
ish army.MURDERER PHILLIPS
WILL BE PROTECTED
Kansas Judge Orders Officers to Fire
Upon Lynchers Should They
Appear.
FORT SCOTT, Kans., Jan. 22.— County
Attorney • Sheppard, addressing the court
to-day regarding the lynching Saturday
night of the Meeks brothers, said the
officers were the people's servants and
that the people had simply taken the
enforcement of the law out of their
hands. He said he could not censure
them for it. .
The Meeks were to have been sentenced
to-day. When their cases were called,
Judge Simons said the men composing
the mob were guilty of murder and that
they had cast serious reflections upon
the city and county. - He instructed the
Sheriff to protect Amos Phillips, the
third of the murderers, whose life the
mob also sought. . . ,r- .
"If it Is necessary to shoot, do so; that
is your duty and that is the order of this
court."
No action looking to the arrest of any
of the mob was taken. A coroner's In
quest Into the death of the. Meeks to-day
rendered a verdict of "hanging by un
known men." The bodies were shipped
to Kansas City, where the widow of Ed
Meeks will provide decent burial.
• —
Large Whale Captured.
MONTEREY, Jan. 22.-One of the lar
gest whales taken during this season
was captured last week by the crew of
the Japanese Whaling Company's boats
near'Polnt Lobos, seven miles south of
Monterey, and Is now being reduced to
oil at the company's whalery near
City. -
¦-.-,-. •:¦' ? •
School Apportionment.
MONTEREY, Jan. 22.— The County
School Superintendent has Just appor
tioned the county school funds. Of the
entire amount. $36,347, Monterey -receives
$i!W, Pacific Grove $1120, and Del Monte
$280. , . -
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
REORGANIZING THE
BOARD OF ORDNANCE
General Miles the Only Member Re
tained Under Secretary Root's
New Order.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 22.— The Secre
tary of War Issued an order to-day al
most entirely reorganizing the Board of
Ordnance. General Miles, who Is ex
offlclo chairman of the board. Is the only
member of the former board retained.
The new members are Brigadier General
John M. Wilson, Chief of Engineers;
Brigadier General A. R. Bufflngton, Chief
of Ordnance; Colonel John I. Rogers of
the Fifth Artillery and Thomas J.
Henderson of Illinois. Henderson, who
is the only civilian on the board, suc
ceeds Thomas Joseph Outhwalte of Ohio.
The military members of the board who
have been relieved from further services
are Colonel Royal T. Frank, formerly of
the First Artillery, retired; Captain
'Charles B. Wheeler of the Ordnance De
partment anß Captain Joseph E. Kuhn,
Corps of Engineers.
It is said that there Is no special sig
nificance in- the action of the Secretary of
War in this matter beyond a desire to
recognize the supreme choice of the
board, which Is charged with the duty
of protecting our extensive seacoast from
foreign attack, and to Include in Its mem
bership the best military talent possible
under existing conditions of the service.
Repairing of the Olympia.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 22.-Half a mil
lion dollars Is the estimated cost of re
pairing the Olympia, according to the re
port of the Naval Construction Board.
The work will be done at the Boston
Navy-yard, and will occupy about a year.
RAILWAYS FAIL TO
REACH AGREEMENT
Hill of the Great Northern Refuse*
to Withdraw the $25 Tour
ist Bate.
CHICAGO. Jan. 22.— At the mass-meet
ing of general passenger agents of West
ern and transcontinental roads In the
Western Passenger Association rooms It
is said a snag was struck that threatens
to delay the abolishing of commission
payments and the restoring of passenger
rates to a normal tariff. President J J.
Hill of the Great Northern and the man
agers of the Canadian Pacific are said to
6tand In the way of the consummation of
the big pooling plan of the Eastern road
magnates.
General Passenger Agent Whitney of
the Great Northern reported that his road
was not prepared to withdraw the $25
tourist rate from St. Paul to Seattle, but
would consent In the interest of harmony
to make the minimum rate to all points
In the Northwest $25. The reason as
signed was that the Great Northern could
not afford to abandon the field to the
Canadian Pacific, which continued to
make the low rates. This was not satis
factory to the Union Pacific and the Ore.
gon Railroad and Navigation Company,
which refused to honor rebate tickets st
long as tickets at flat rates were sold
from St. Paul. .
Efforts are now being made to har
monize the conflicting Interests of the
Canadian Pacific and the Northern Pa
cific.
DR. HOWARD A. KELLEY
BITTEN BY A RATTLER
Sucks the Poison From a Wound In
flicted by a Snake He Was
Exhibiting. -
BALTIMORE, Jan. 22.— Dr. Howard A.
Kelley, professor of gynecology In the
medical school of Johns Hopkins Hospi
tal, was bitten on the right hand to-night
by a large rattlesnake which he was ex
hibiting to Illustrate a lecture In the med
ical school. The doctor sucked the blood
from the wound and continued his lec
ture for nearly an hour after the occur
rence. When he left for his home he ex
pressed the conviction that he had suc
ceeded in drawing all the venom from his
wounded hand. •
PRISON GUARD SLAIN.
Four Convicts Make Their Escape at
Canyon "City, Colo.
PUEBLA. Colo., Jan. 22.— A special to
the Chieftain from Canyon City. Colo.,
says: Anton Wood. Thomas Reynolds,
Kid Wallace and D. H. Wagner, four
convicts in the penitentiary, stabbed Wil
liam C. Rooney, captain of the night
watch, to death to-night, captured and
bound two other guards and made their
escape.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Flans for the Leasing of Grazing
Lands to Western Owners of
Livestock.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 22.— The House
Committee on Public Land has deter
mined that whatever measure pass Con
gress to lease grazing landß, the Federal
Government will have charge of the leas
ing and the actual owners of herds will
have , their Interests well guarded. No
subletting and speculation in leaseholds
will be permitted, and syndicates which
own no stock will not be allowed to
squeeze men who do. With the leasing
policy will go that of renewing natural
forage on exhausted ranges, which the
Agricultural Department will aid the
leaseholder in carrying out. It is felt
keenly in Congress that the beef food
supply of the country will soon meet great
disaster if the ranges are not protected
from exhaustion by giving to leaseholders
a motive for their welfare. Whatever the
measure that becomes a law, the Interests
of the homesteaders on agricultural lands
and those of the miner on mineral lands
will be entirely preserved. Colonel. John
P. Iris-h of San Francisco was among
those who appeared before the committeo
and Its action was in thorough accord
with his argument.
The Secretary of the Treasury to-day
submitted to Congress estimates for de
fraying expenses i of the Government for
the fiscal year 1901 in collecting revenues
at Pacific Coast ports as follows:
California, San Francisco— Collector's office,
1855.555; Naval office. $23,525; Surveyor's offlc*.
* 11,725. Total 53:1,135. San Diego, $30,247; Loa
Angeles, 517.466; Eureka. $2932.
Oregon— Portland, $53,130; Coos Bay, $16*7; T»
kima Bay, $1025.
Washington— Port Townsend, $87,049.
Alaska— Sitka, $40,597.
Representative Needham to-day called
on the Postofflce Department and after a
conference with Assistant Postmaster
General Heath, the department ordered
the establishment of a rural free delivery
service at Bakersfield, Kern County.^to
commenqe on May 1. Two regulars and
one substitute carrier will be allowed and
fifteen street boxes.
L. Lorenzo waa to-day appointed an in
spector of customs at San Francisco.
The Comptroller of the Currency was to
day notified that G. H. Gould had been
elected vice president of the First Na
tional Bank of Santa Barbara.
Pensions for Callfornlans^-Origlnal: "William
K. Parrott. San Diego, $12; Jack D. Lemmon,
Ban Francisco, $6. Reissue— James P. Grover
ton Jr., San Diego, $10; Charles M. Boss, Benl
cia, $8. •
Oregon— Original: Albert Olinger, Salem, $6;
Gilbert L. King, Ontario, $6; Charles M. Jones,
Nyssa, $6. Additional— Alexander B. Moore,
Oregon City. $4 to $6.
Washington— Original: James A. Piper, Sol
diers' Home, Orttng, $8. Increase— Benjamin
T. Benn, Colfax. |G to $10.
m
Sixton on Trial.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PLACERVILLE, Jan. 22.— The trial of
John E. Sexton, -charged with extortion,
was begun to-day in the Superior Court
of this county. Sexton Is charged with
falsely personating a United States reve
nue officer and extorting money from
Charles Greenwald, a> cigar dealer of
this city.... The case excites a great deal
of, interest in this county, as two grand
Juries have indicted Sexton. Judge Fred
Adams and Clarke Howard of this city
and James -W. Keys of San Francisco are
conducting hlal defense, District Attorney
Darlington appearing for the people.
JURORS TO TRY GILES.
Seven Secured Up to the Hour of Ad
journment.
Special Dispatch to The Cal
JACKSON. Jan. 22.— William J. Magee
of San Francisco was brought Into the
case to-day to assist Hon. A. Caminettl
in the defense of Dr. Giles and J. Charles
Jones of Sacramento Is associated with
District Attorney Vicinl in the prosecu
tion. All day was given up to the ex
amination of jurors and at adjournment
this evening but seven had been secured.
Westlake Again Arrested.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SALINAS. Jan. 22.— Charles L. West
lake, Monterey County's ex-Tax Col
lector, who was accused of having mis
appropriated over $22,000 of county
money, has been exonerated of all em
bezzlement charges and was this morn
ing ordered discharged from custody by
Judge Dorn. He was rearrested this
morning on a charge of having licenses
in his possession with intent to sell,
which had not been Issued by the
County Auditor.
The county has been repaid In full by
Westlake's bondsmen, and sympathy Is In
favor of. the defendant. It Is asserted
here that he will not be convicted.
AMERICAN SPHERE OF
INFLUENCE IN CHINA
Copenhagen Correspondent Asserts
This Government Is to Emu
late Europe.
LONDON, Jan. 23.— The Copenhagen
correspondent of the Daily .Mail • says:
"Negotiations for the sale of the Danish
West Indies to the United States are
likely to undergo a new development. The
United States Government intends to ac
quire a sphere of influence in China. In
that case Denmark, for the benefit of her
newly found commercial relations in East
Asia, would through American conces
sions obtain a valuable equivalent for hot
western colonies."
SPREAD OF THE STRIKE
OF AUSTRIAN MINERS
Thirty Thousand Men Join Those Al
ready Out and Others Will
Leave Their Posts.
VIENNA. Jan. 22.— Thirty thousand
more Austrian miners have gone ot
strike, their employers having refusec
the demands for higher wages and ar
eight-hour day. The total number now
out Is 70,000. and before the end of thi
week it Is expected 20,000 others will havt
Joined. The employers threaten dismissn.
and eviction within three days. Pollc«
precautions have been taken to preven
violence. The coal famine threatens ti
check every branch of Austrian Industry
Gas Exploded.
PETALTJMA. Jan. 22.— Fred Brush, t
young drug clerk in the employ of G
Edleman of this city, was to-day badlj
burned about the face and hands by at
explosion of acetylene gas while lookir.i
for a leak in the gas apparatus with i
lighted match.
FRENCH OFFICERS
ACCUSED BY ZOLA
Military Dossier Was
Tampered With.
PARIS, Jan. 22.— Em1l Zola gives In the
Aurore this morning the first installment
of the results of his Inquiry into the
charges made by the Petit. Journal in
May and July, 18PS, against his father, M.
Francois ; Zola. t He declares that he ap
plied successively to . General Billott. M.
Cavaignac and General Zurlinden, Minis
ters of War, to allow him- to see the mili
tary dossier dealing with his father's
case, but he was refused by each. Finally
the present Cabinet authorized General de
Gallifet to communicate the dossier to
him.
M. Zola, however, ascertained that the
dossier had been communicated to the no
torious Colonel Henry in March, IS9S, and
he insinuates that it was tampered with,
because now, while he has found one ot
two letters of Colonel Combes containing
the accusations against his father which
the Petit Journal published, the first let
ter and the eight documents referred to
in the second letter are missing.
SI. Zola says that both he and Maltre
Labor!, who has examined the dossier,
consider It singular that none of the docu
ments giving Francois Zola's explanations
and defense now remain. A choice seems
to have been made, he asserts, so that
the dossier consists purely of the docu
ments containing the accusation.
CARELESS MAN
CAUSES A WRECK
Cars Derailed and One
Life Lost.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
WATSONVILLE. Jan. 22.— A bad
wreck occurred at ah,out 9 o'clock this
morning on the Pajaro Valley narrow
gauge railroad at the Moro Co jo ranch,
about midway between this city and
Spreckels, In which the oldest engineer in
the employ of the company. C. N.
Wyckoff. lost his life. The wreck waa
caused by the carelessness of one. of the
beet-haulers at the ranch, who left a
large chain which had been of assistance
to him In unloading b^ets from the
wagons to the cars tied to the rails.
The derailed train was on its way from
Watsonville to Spreckela and was going
at a fair rate of speed, and the obstruc
tion was not noticed by the engineer or
fireman until they were close to it. The
fireman. Charles Green, escaped with
only a bad shaking up. while Engineer
Wyckoff was buried in the wreck of the
engine and the throw-off lever pierced
his body Just below the heart.
Engineer Wyokoff was a highly re
spected resident of this city, where he
had lived for many years. He was 47
years of age, and leaves a widow, three
sons, a mother, twa sisters and four
brothers to mourn his loss. Among the
latter are Mayor Wyckoit of Watsonville
and S. N. Wyckoff of San Francisco.
ANOTHER BAD DAY
FDD MOLIMEUX
Prosecution Is About
Ready to Close.
NEW YORK, Jan. 22.— Assistant Pros
ecuting Attorney Osborne announced at
the close of to-day's session of the trial
of Roland B. Mollneux for the murder of
Mrs. Katherine J. Adams that the pros
ecution would close to-morrow. The only
new testimony introduced to-day was that
of Matthias M. Dodd, a clerk in the sta
tionery department of Tiffany. & Co., who
stated that Molineux had an account with
the firm in ISOS. This evidence is consid
ered important, because a Tiffany en
velope was found in the package of poison
sent to Harry Cornish, and the box in
which the poison was inclosed was a Tif
fany box.
Dr. Henry P. Loomis, the expert chem
ist who performed the autopsy on the I
body of rienry' C. Barnet. testified that I
there was no evidence that Barnet died j
of any disease; tnat if'he had died of
diphtheria evidence of the disease would
have been found in the body. Witness
had no doubt that Barnet died of cyanide
of mercury poisoning.
Dr. James Colwhite. a diphtheria expert
in the employ of the Board of Health, has
seen between 2000 and 3000. cases and sev
eral c> v anide of mercury poisoning cases,
and testified that Barnet could not have
i died from any cause except cyanide of
I mercury poisoning.
Dr. Frank Ferguson, a pathological ex
pert, who made an examination of Mrs.
Adams' body, testified that she died of
cyanide of mercury poison.
Dr. E. S. Potter, who attended Mrs. Ad
ams, testified to the circumstances of her
death. The cross-examination evinced a
desire by Attorney Weeks for the defense
to thow that Harry Cornish, who says he
drank some of the poison, was not really
taken sick, as he claimed to have been.
William Williams, a colored servant,
testified that he was formerly employed
at 152 West Seventy-fifth street, where
Molineux Is alleged to have lived with
Blanche Chesebrough under the name of
Mr. Chesebrough before he married her.
Williams identified Molineux as Mr.
Chesebrough.
The court refused to admit the testi
mony of Molineux at the Coroner's in
quest to be used against him.
SCENE OF THE FIGHTING
IN VICINITY OF LADYSMITH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 23, 1900.
MEN MAY VOTE TWICE
IN BRITISH COLUMBIA
Amendment to Civic Charter Provides That
a Husband May Be Proxy for a
Wife With Property.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Jan. 22.— The commission engaged In the revision of (
Jhe civic charter to-day approved a peculiar provision. This amendment per- ;
xnits a man to vote in alderrnanic and mayoralty elections on property of ,
which his wife is the registered owner. The existing regulations prevent ;
women from voting in such cases, and it is claimed that much property Is ;
thus unrepresented on the voters' list. A man may thus vote twice— once on >
his own property and again on account of the property qualification of his
SMALLPOX IN
NORTHERH STATES
Hundreds of Cases Are
Reported.
£f*cl*l Dispatch to The Call.
i
VICTORIA. B. C. Jan. 22— According to j
advices received by Vat British Columbian
Government, the epidemic of smallpox in '
Washington ar.d Idnho has spread to an i
alarming extent, and British Columbia 1?
OreadtaS an invasion. Attorney General j
Henderson yesterday evening received a ;
telegram from one of the agents of the !
provincial government at Nelson. B. C ,
stating that information had been re- i
ceived by the agent that there were now ,
between Cw and 7mt eases of smallpox in
the States of Washington and Idaho trib
utary to British Columbia. This informa- :
tion, th«* agent pays, he has on the best
authority. '
On receipt of the telegram the Attorney ¦
General at once took steps to establish a j
quarantine at the boundary to prevent the : i
introduction of the disease into this prov- ; .
lnce. and all incoming travelers from the
American side win have to pass a medical j
Inspection, and should suspicion attach to
the fact that they have romp from an in- • i
fectt-d locality they will be held.
Quarantine officers will be stationed at .
once on all the avenues of communication ;
from the two States before referred to, : ;
and the health regulations will be rigor- *
ously enforced. Generally speaking, the ' |
points at which the officials will be posted :
are as follows: Boundary. Kooteenal j i
River. Wanetaw. Sheep Creek and Red j .
Mountain Road. j <
ASSUMPTIONS FATHERS
ACCUSED OF CONSPIRACY
On Trial at Paris for Alleged Action
in the Plot of the Anti-
Republicans.
¦ PARIS. Jan. 22.— The trial of twelve
ABfumptionist fathers bepvin here to-day
brfore the Correctional tribunal. It Is
all^pf-d they wore involved in the so
called royalist and anti-republican con
spiracy. The court was crowded and a
r.uKbPr of women were present.
The judge oppn^d the proceeding's with
queFtioning Fathor Picaud. superior of the
order, who denied that he belonged to an
illejral association and declared he never
t<-.n'K part in the political agitation. The
AfFumptionistP. ho added, attended to
purely religious questions. Fathor Pi
caud's counsel then afked for the ac
quittal of thp prisoners. The public pros
«»outor. replying, said thr fathers wore
prosecuted booausu?. in violation of the
jaw. they had boon living in France for
the past fifty years without the author
ization of the Government or pn»l»ation of
th*> Holy See. He spoke of the wealth of
thf A»-"!=umptionists and produced facts in
support of the rharpp that thoy had en
tered actively into the electoral campaign
epainst the rrpublic.
The hearing was then suspended. The
trial is attracting much attention.
EARTHQUAKE FELT AT
TWO OBSERVATORIES
Record of the Temblor Made at To
ronto and Its Existence Known
at Mount Hamilton.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 22.— The Mexican earth
quake of January 19 was observed at the
Llrk Observatory. For three-quarters of
an hour near midnight Professor Tucker
was unable to observe the reflection from
the mercury basin used jn meridian cir
cle work on account of the slow ruo\e
ments of the ground. He concluded that
an earthquake was Jn progress pomp
where. Thf motion was not perceptible
with any of the other instruments.
TORONTO. Ontario, Jan. 22.— A record
from the seismocram at the Toronto Ob-
Forvatory boned to-day fhowp that the
earthquake whirh, visited Mexico on Sat
urday last was Celt here some five or trn
minutes aftrr It occurred in Mexico. The
record is eery distinct and shows the
amplitude of the tremors to have been
23.S millimeters.
Striker Arrested.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 22.— Robert Striker.
¦who Js wanted here for robbing Mr?. Lott
of Petaluma of a set of diamond earrings
and who flod pom* works ago. has been
arrested in Salt Lake. An officer will
leave to-morrow to bring him here..
M. Derodays, Editor Figaro— Sir: There has
be*n communicated to me on board shi|) the
calumnies In Parisian papers which originate
In the Flffaro. You will at once print a formal
denial. 1 reserve the right on my return to
tell you what 1 think of your disloyal act.
"Le Figaro." continued the Count, after
he had translated his statement into Eng
lish, "is a paper bought by the highest
bidder. Why this man should have cir
culated such stories I don't know. I know
of no reason why such things should be
published except that we are in opposing
political parties. The editor thought he
would have a chance while I was on the
ocean to Bet some lies in circulation about
me.
"1 never gambled In my life," continued
Count de Castellane warmly. "1 never
played cards for money nor gambled in
any other form. I did not lose money in
speculation, and these stories are all fiUi
ncations and as false as they can be
There is no truth in them at all."
When the question of the relations be
tween himself and his wife was touched
upon. Count de Castellane said:
"Our relations are perfectly harmo
nious."
Then he smiled at his wife as she stood
by his side and she smiled at him. There
was seeming good feeling in the smiles.
With regard to their visit here the
Count and his wife said that they intend
ed to remain in New York for fifteen
days, though their plans might possibly
be changed. They are here to see the rel
atives and friends of the Countess. Count
de Castellane said he did not know if he
would go to Lakewood, where George
Gould has his winter residence. No ar
rangements had been made to go there
and the matter had not been taken up
The Count said that he did not know
whether George Gould would come to New
York City or not. He Bald if he did he
would meet him here.
_ PARIS. Jan. 22.-The Figaro publishes
Count Boni de Castellane's cablegram and
says:
"We disdain his insults, which don't
harm us. We shall be delighted to meet
him in the law court on condition that
the trial be a serious one and that noth
ing be kept back which would throw the
fullest light on the matter. But owing
to the professional secrecy of stock brok
ers there is only one means of clearly es
tablishing the truth, and this means lies
in the hands of De Castellane. Let him
request the Minister of Finance to send
an inspector to inquire of the stock
brokers— the Minister of Finance can
alone do this at De Castellane's request—
and then we shall know positively if De
Castellane has been slandered, if he never
speculated on the Bourse. This is the
only course open to De Castellane. Every
thing else in his cablegrams of threats is
what the Americans call a 'bluff.' "
DE CASTELLANE
MAKES A DENIAL
Says He Has Not Lost
in Speculations.
NEW YORK. Jan. 22.— Count Bonl de
Castellane and the Countess de Castei
lane, nee Gould, arrived in this country
to-day on the French line steamship La
Hretagne from Havre. They went to the
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel. The count, was
willing to talk about the stories of his
lossea by stock speculation and gambling.
He * peaks very good English, with a
slight accent- On the DeroUays matter
he said:
"Derodays! Well, what is Derodays?
Derodayb is a liar. He is a scoundrel—
bay anything you like about him. He U
a— what is such a person? He is nothing.
A nonentity. What should I care for him?
Oh, he is a iiar."
Iht Count evidently did not like the
storits that had been printed about him
and his alleged loss>t?s. He was asked it
he wcrjld challenge Derodays.
"Challenge!" he taid with hauteur.
"Certainly 1 shall not challenge such a
man. He is not the kind of man to ac
cept a challenge. No, 1 shall not challenge
him. but when I get back I shall slap his
lace with a stick if he does not retract.
Bee, monsifur, 1 have prepared a state
ment to stnd him."
The statement which Count de Castel
lane gave out in relation to Derodays,
editor of the Figaro, whence come the
stories that Count de Castellane lott sev
eral millions of francs on the Stock Ex
change and in gambling, translated, is as
follows:
TUNNEL NUMBERS
THREE VICTIMS
?
Cave-In Probably Dueto
Carelessness.
Special Di?ratch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 22.— The cave-In at
the Third-street tunnel has proved fatal
to three of the twelve men who were Im
prisoned. They are:
W. T. LAMBIE, inspector.
WILLIAM PAULEY, night foreman.
JOHN VESENTINL
Lambie was caught by falling earth
near the mouth of the tunnel. He was re
leased at 8 o'clock Sunday night, after
having been imprisoned for nine hours,
and died half an hour later.
The body of William Pauley has not
been recovered. It is supposed to be cov
ered by tons "of earth near the entrance to
the tunnel.
John Vesentinl was caught in the north
drift of the tunnel and pinioned by broken
timbers so he could not move for thirty
hours. He was released at 5:43- to-night
and died fifty minutes later in the Re
ceiving Hospital.
John Mitchell and John Eckert, brick
layers, married, were rescued at mid
night Sunday. Max Costello, Frank Pela
6ler. John Kimberly. John Bprden, Jerry
Mohen, John \V. YVashburn and K. Kera
merle, laborers, were rescued at 5:30 this
morning.
The cave-in came with a crash ana there
was no chance for escape. Work was pro
gressing on the tunnel night and day for
weeks, and while numerous small cave
ins had occurred the men Had become ac
customed to them and consequently were
taken by surprise.
Lambie was near the mouth of the tun
nel, and in running to escape stumbled
over a clod of earth and was caught by
the falling mass. Pauley rushed for tho
entrance, but was also hit with the fall
ing earth and crushed to death. Vesentini
was caught before he could move and pin
1 loned as stated. The others, working un
derneath the brickwork, had 120 feet of
I tunnel in which to move.
The rescuers worked faithfully on the
two drifts and the shaft from the top. It
was risky work on account of the shift
ing earth. Lambie was quickly rescued
and attention was paid to the others.
They were released at midnight.
The accident is attributed to careless
timberin,g of the contractors, who had
been notified by the City Engineer the
work was unsafe and not up to the speci
fications. Inquests will be held to-mor
row, when it is expected censure willbe
pieced on the parties responsible for tha
terrible accident. ¦:• ?* •¦:>
Major W. T. Lambie was"C2 years of
age and has lived In I Los Angeles for
many years. He leaves a widow tnd two
daughters. He has had much experience
In tunnel work, having been chief engineer
on the San Fernando tunnel and other im
portant work of that character.
DAY OF ORATORY
IN THE SENATE
Philippine Question to
the Fore.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 22.— This was an
other day of oratory in the Senate, little
beyond routine being transacted. Pritch
ard delivered a long and carefully pre
pared address on the race question in
the South, his remarks being addressed
particularly to the proposed amendment
to the constitution of North Carolina,
which, if enacted, he said, would disfran
chise a large mass of voters, both white
and black. He was followed by Turner
of Washington in a speech on the Philip
pine question, in which he arraigned the
administration's policy as set out In the
President's message and in the speech of
lit'veridge of Indiana.
Depew of New York, from the Commit
tee on International Expositions, favorably
reported a joint resolution authorizing the
President to appoint a member of the
Daughters of the Revolution as a repre-
Fentative of this Government at the un
veiling of the statue of Lafayette at the
Paris Exposition and to iepresent the
Government at the exposition.
Cockrell of Missouri called attention to
the fact that there was an understanding
that no woman should represent this Gov
ernment at the Paris Exposition, the
French Government having objected to
women representatives. Depew replied
that he knew of no such restriction, but
Allison said that such a restriction was
made. The Senate, without acting on the
resolution, went into executive session,
and at 4:4S p. m. adjourned.
ROBERTS WILL BE HEARD.
House Programme for the Disposition
of the Polygamist's Case.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 22.— The special
committee to Investigate the case of Rep
resentative-elect Roberts of Utah to-day
issued the programme for the conslder
tlon of the case in the House. It will be
called up to-morrow Immediately after the
reading of the journal. Tayler of Ohio,
chairman of the committee, will open the
debate In favor of the majority resolution
to exclude, and will be followed by Little
field of Maine, who will present the argu
ment in favor of seating and then ex
pelling Roberts. Roberts will then be
given an opportunity to address the
House. He will be allowed as much time
as he desires within reasonable limits.
The %'ote will be taken at 4:30 p. m. on
Thursday.
Samoan Treaty Reconsideration.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 22.— 1n the execu
tive session of the Senate to-day Sen
ator Jones of Arkansas gave notice that
at the next executive session he would
call up his motion to reconsider the vote
on which the Samoan treaty was referred.
SHIPPERS MAY CHOOSE
THE ROUTE FOR GOODS
Interstate Commerce Commission Replies
to a Query bu Quoting a Supreme
Court Decision.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 22— The Bee publishes this evening an answer re
ceived from the Interstate Commerce Commission to the Inquiry' it had made
of that body as to the rlsrht of California shippers to route fruit and other
products to Eastern points. Secretary Edward _\. Moseley. responding for
the commission, says, under date of Washington. D. C. January 16:
"Replying to yours of the 4th Inst., I beg to ir lose a copy of the decision
of the commission in the case of Rea versus tie Mobile and Ohio Rattroad
Company."
The decision mentioned declares that the shlpp^. may control the route
by which hl^ merchandise shall go and that the carrier must treat in this
respect all members of the public alike.
The decision also quotes the decision of the United States Supreme Court
in the case of an express company vs. Kountz. 72 U. S. 362. which say^: "Car
riers of goods are required to follow the instructions given by the owner of
the property whenever practicable."
An Extraordinary Record.
109,803 cases "of G. H. Mumm's ' Extra
Dry, imported in: 1899, or 72.405 cases more
than . any other brand was never before
approached. Its quality cannot be ex
celled at any price, and their 1895 vintage
now imported was seldom equaled. •
Sweet butter can't be made in a sour
Churn. The stomach is a churn. A foul
stomach fouls tie food put into it. When
the food is fouled the blood made from
it is fouled also. Foul blood means dis-
ease. Cleanse the churn and you have
sweet butter. Cleanse the stomach and
you have pure blood. The far reaching
ection of Dr. Pierces Golden Medical
Discovery is due to its effect on the
stomach and organs of digestion and
nutrition. Diseases that begin in the
stomach are cured through the stomach.
•Dr. Pierce* Golden Medical DUcovery has
prorcd • great blessing to me," writes Mrs
feliea E. liacon, of Shutesbury, Franklin Co.i
Mass. " Prior to September, 1897. 1 had doctored
for zay stomach trouble for several years, going
through a course of treatment without any real
benefit. In September. IS9S, I had very sick
«pell» and crew worse ; could eat but little. I
commenced to take Dr. Pierces medicine and
in a short time I coa!d eat and work. ' I have
Coined twenty pounds in two months."
Dr. Pierces Common Sense Medical
Adviser seat free on receipt of stamps
to pay expense of mailing only. Send
21 one -cent stamps .for paper -bound
volume, or 31 cents for cidih binding, to
Dr. R. V. Pierce, 663 Main Street, Buf-
falo, N. Y.
fa ¦m. 1 1 fiZL/ jm /TL 1/ \I H2j C 3 II
j|| We have not been saying much about the (I
H Hawes Hats of late — fact is, the constant demand f j
H up to Christmas broke up our assortment of sizes II
II But the stock has been replenished and the r 1
|| variety to choose from covers all the shapes and M
If Once wear a Hawes Hat and you will always %\
{si v^ear one. *?3j
f S*f DcrbyS"^ * '¦ ,r, r Fedoras-"* f "''l
HI Two shapes, Two shapes, !.;{
Kg Three colors-— Four colors— I* -I
ra and black. and black. t, f
Eg Out-of-town orders tilled — write for illustrated catalogue Ho. 2. I.T
Hi 718 Market Street |||
2FORECLOSURE SALE ORDERED.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 22. -A decision was
rendered in the United States Supreme
Court to-day in the case of Harry W.
Dickerman vs. the Northern Trust Com
pany. This was a bill In equity in the
Circuit Court for the Northern district of
Illinois by the trust company against the
Columbia Straw Paper Company to fore
close a trust deed to thirty-nine paper
mill properties located in nine different
States. The Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit issued a decree allowing
the foreclosure and Bale, and this decree
was affirmed by to-day's opinion, which
was handed down by Justice Brown.
MONET TO HEAL
A BROKEN HEART
Edward Ryan Sued for
Breach of Promise.
6p«ciaJ r>l*j>atch to The Call.
NAPA. Jan. 22.— Sirs. Emma Hagemeis
tcr ti>-<lay filed a suit in the Superior
Court here for breach of promise against
Kdward Ryan, a well known citizen of
Napa, She demands damages to the
amount of $25,000. The complaint was filed
iibout 4 o'clock this afternoon by Attorney
taidw'-n.
J'hur.tiff alleges that Ryan promised to
marry her in July, l k S«, but has failwi to
J<«ep*his proml.se. Mrs. Hagemeister has
rut. a Ktore here for several years past,
but her business was sold out by the
Sheriff a few weeks ago.
Ryan Iv one of Napa ¦ oldest citizens
fend* a r» -tired capitalist. It is alleged to
\,i- a blackmailing scheme, as the com-
Ulaict filed is Bhort and will probably not
Isold In court. The suit Is the talk of the
tuwn to-night.
ROCKEFELLER IN
ENTIRE CONTROL
Absorbs New York Pub
lic Utilities.
NEW YORK. Jan. 22.— The World to
morrow will say: A general consolidation
of all the gas. electric light and traction
systems of the city under the supreme
control of the Rockefellers is impending.
This is clearly Indicated by the election
of William H. Curtiss, private secretary
of William E. Rockefeller, as treasurer
of the Third-avenue Railroad Company
and by the election to-day of William C
Whitney, Anthony N. Brady and Thomas
P. Ryan as trustees of the Consolidated
Gas.
Mr. Curtiss' election is taken as proof
positive that the mighty influence of Wil
liam Rockefeller is behind Kuhn, Loeb &.
<"o. In the financing of new securities to
lake up the $17,000,000 of floating debt con
tracted by the changes in motive power of
the Third-avenue road, the extension of
its system to the Huckleberry line and the
purchase of the drydock and Forty-sec
ond-street Railroad.
It was said on good authority in Wall
street yesterday that the Rockefellers had
made arrangements to take over the
Henry Hart Interests, amounting 10 about
30,000 shares, valued at considerably more
than $3,000,000.
| Little is known of Mr. Curtiss except
that he Is a business man of tried ability
and has for years enjoyed the closest
confidence of the Rockefellers. In view of
the Intention of the Standard Oil men to
Increase their already large holdings of
Third avenue 6tcck, it was considered nat
ural that a representative should be
placed in the management to guard their
interests.
The Third avenue railroad shares were
active all day, 1700 shares changing hands
The stock made a net change of four
points, closing at 116, a half-point below
the highest quotation of the day. The
buying was of a good character.
The addition of Messrs. Whitney. Brady
and Ryan to the directorate of the Con
solidated Gas is regarded as another man
ifestation of the power of the Rockefeller
interests. It means that they have been
powerful enough to take the Whitn-y
crowd into camp and add them to the list
of their allies. It means that there has
been a general harmonizing of interests
brought about by Rockefeller influences'
which promises gigantic results. Directly
it marks the absorption of the New York
Gas, Electric Light, Heat and Power
Company by the Consolidated, and points
to the probability of an early end of the
gas rate war.
SONS OF THE LATE
H. H. ADOLPHUS, DUKE OF
TECK, Captain First Life
Guards.
VAN LOBEN SELS
PLEADS FOR THE
GALLANT BOERS
Unitarian Club at a
Banquet.
DODSON DEFENDS ENGLAND
ELOQUENT DEBATE ON THE WAR
IN SOUTH AFRICA.
President Wheeler Declares History
Is All on the Side of Civilization
as Against Squatter
Sovereignty.
Amid the best with which California
can embellish the banquet board, about
two hundred members of the §tate Uni
tarian Club discussed last night the al
leged rights of the belligerents now stain
ing South Africa with blood. The ap
plause showed that there were many
sympathizers with both sides, and each
of the three speeches was pregnant with
fact and to its author convincing In Its
logic. Rev. G. R. Dodson opened with an
ardent defense of England; Consul Van
Loben Sels followed on behalf of his
colonial countrymen, , and President
Wheeler kept his opening promise to
speak all around the question and leave
something to the intelligence of his au
dience.
Rev. George R. Dodson of Alameda,
having been requested to open the de
bate, spoke in part as follows:
I wish to say at the beginning that I be
lieve the preponderance of evidence as to
who Is right Is In favor of Great Britain. It
has apparently been forgot that the Boers
were in 1534 a slave-holding people and that
this was originally the cause of trouble be
tween the English and Dutch in South
Africa. After some trouble the Dutch went
north, established a republic and later both
the Transvaal and Orange Free State were
granted independence in • their internal
affairs. In the 70's England saved the Trans
vaal from bankruptcy and President Kru
gcr was glal to have matters thus arranged.
After Majuba Hill. Mr. Gladstone, unwisely,
no doubt, decided that the Boers knew Eng
land could beat them, the world knew It
and he withdrew from the contest. This was
Interpreted by the Boers as cowardice. Since
then the Boers have been ambitious to drive
the British out of South Africa.
When England guaranteed the protection
of- the Transvaal, she guaranteed It to the
outlanders as well as to the Boers. Now the
outlanders outnumber the Boers two to
one; pay nine-tenths of the taxes and own
three-fifths of the property. These outland
ers presented a strong petition to the Volk
rad and it was Jaughed at. Encland Is
fighting to guarantee the rights of 160,000
outlunders. who are merely anxious for
equal rights under the law. Not only on
general principles, but technically, England
is right In her proposition in South Africa
to-day. It Is a struggle of a highly civilized
race against a selfish, non-progressive race
and It will be better for the world that the
English should win.
It Is not a question of a few gold-seekers,
but It 1s a world-wide question. * I think
that the great principles which made this
country— which made Canada and Australia
— can well be applied to the development of
South Africa, India is another example of
the practical value of English rule.
P. J. Van Loben Sels, Consul from the
Netherlands, waa the next speaker.
The question we are discussing Is that of
which side the American commonwealth
should take In the present conflict In South
Africa, he said. England cannot claim the
rlKht of conquest, for the Boers bought the
till*? from the original eavaces; It cannot
claim the right of possession because this
territory has been in dispute for fifty years,
nor can It be claimed by treaty. After hav
ing treked and treked north out of the way
of the Enelish, the Boers, only wishing to
be le^t alone, reduced both the Transvaal
and Orance Free State.
In 1553 the Kngllsh promised by treaty to
recoßnir-c both the soverelßnty and the in
dependence of both republics. F\ir a time
England was satisfied with the land she
held, and seeing It to be a very expensive
task to pursue the Boers further she de
plsted her persecution for a time. In 1876
the British, seeing the prosperity of the
Transvaal, calmly announced the annexa
tion of the Boer republic. The Boers could
not tn»k further, because England had pen
ned them In, had taken the land north and
west and had also blocked the. seaboard,
and when the Boers realized this It led to
the war of ISSI, which ended In the abso
lute defeat of the British arms at Majuba
Hill.
At that time England had a statesman,
Mr. Gladstone, and he, unlike Mr. Cham
berlain, knew what he was up against when
he tackled the Boers. A treaty was drawn
up at Pretoria, in which the suzerainty of
England was acknowledged, but this waa
never ratified by the Boers. Later Mr. ICru-
Ker. General Joubert and Mr. Schmidt went
to London and a new treaty was drawn up
in which England recognized the absolute
Independence and suzerainty of the Trans
vaal, and the only other feature was that
the Transvaal should not enter Into a
treaty with any other nation except the
Orange Free State without England having
power to veto within six months.
After the defeat of Majuba Hill England
decided to do by the ballot box what she
could not do by force of arms. So she flooded
the country with English and then demanded
the franchise for them. These Englishmen
merely went there to make a fortune. They
did not Intend to stay; they did not assimi
late with the country, they were merely ad
venturers who wanted everything In sight,
and who did not wish even to pay their
chare of the taxes.
Napoleon once said an English army wan
a troop of lions led by asses. Bismarck
paid some years ago that England would
dig her crave In South Africa before the
close of the nineteenth century. If it takes
a hundred years to make a century there Is
time yet for Bismarck's prophecy to be ful
filled.
I deny that English ideals or civilization
are In any way higher or more to be desired
than Dutch ideals or civilization. England
still has the relic of barbarism— the law of
primogeniture and the House of Lords, the
latter of which will cause her downfall In
Fouth Africa.
Professor Benjamin Tde Wheeler of the
University of California was Introduced
to Vpive a scholar's view of the great
question now being solved In South Af
rica." Mr. Wheeler said:
In- this matter we are dealing not with
this year or the last, but with a time when
things are working themselves out and
when It lfl becoming In us to view things
dispassionately and without prejudice. We
are enterlnc to an age where we grow out
of our village, our State, our nation and are
becomlne citizens of the world. History
sometimes appears to move in cycles. Cer
tain it is that as this century is closing a
new world is dawnlne In which old Ideals
shall have no part. This country has
Strike at a Steel Factory.
PITTSBURG, Jan. 22.— The rod mill
workers at the plant of the American
Steel and Wire Company, at Rankln, went
on strike to-day, closing that department
of the big works and throwing Idle about
1000 men. . ¦. -. ¦¦:.-.
STOLE GOLD FROM
THE SUB-TREASURY
Clerk Eeceived Extra Sack Through
an Error and Could Not Resist
Temptation.
• r~/-\ »„_.» «>•> f}\-Aa Walla r>*»
CHICAGO. Jann. 22.— Clyde waiiace
was to-day held to the Federal Grand
Jury in JCT.KW bonds on the charge of
a tack of gold from the United
Stales sub-treasury in Chicago, in which
he was a clerk. Government officers,
who told of an alleged confession made
by Wallace, declared that he had _as
wrtf-d that he received overpay of $oO'JO
in gold whf-n he made a requisition on
the vault ck-rk for SIOO.OOO to be counted.
a.nd that while this was evidently an
error en the part of the vault clerk It
had placed him in the way of temptation
and he had secreted the extra sack.
When he had taken out a few gold
pieces from time to time and could not
replace thf-m. it Is said ho put the partly
till'-d sack in his pockets and spent the
money in gambling and on the races.
Stroud's Trial Begins.
IIED UI.ViT. Jan. 22.— The trial of Wil
liam Stroud for the murder of Thomas
linggs on November 11 at the town of
"'< iiaraa commenced in the Superior Court
here to-day. Th« crime for which Stroud
Jf; now on trial for his life occurred in the
barroom of the Tait House at about 11
o'*io«-k. A quarrel arose over some trivial
matter, and in the fight which occurred
I'.ajrpF na« stal>b«-d thirt«-«-n times and
di«xl from the effect! of his wounds the
following day. Stroud came from Oregon
with j-'heep belonging lo Cone & Ward of
thif- county; and has* a roputatlon of being
a bad man. liapg.s Lad been a resident of
lytiama for many years, and was a peace
ful, law-abiding citizen.
«
Artist William Sonntag Dead.
NEW YORK. Jan. 22.— William Bonn
tag, the artist, died at his home in this
city to-day, aged 78 years. He was born
near Pittsburg.
CHARLES B. GIBSON
CHARGED WITH FORGERY
Milpitas Woman Claims That He
Passed a Worthless Note
on Her.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 22.-Charles B. Gibson,
a well-known real estate dealer, with of
fices In the Porteo block, was arrested
on a charge of forgery. The complaint
was sworn to by Mrs. Refugio de Bernal
of Milpltas. and she charges him with
forging the name of County Auditor
Thomas F. Morrison to a note for $600.
A short time ago Mrs. Bernal's husband
died, leaving her $2000 insurance in the
Workmen. Gibson is financier of Enter
prise Lodge, and according to complain
ant he at once laid plans to secure some
of this money. She says Gibson made
many trips to her home at Milpltas and
made all kinds of Inducements to her for
loaning the money. Finally he told her
that Auditor Morrison wanted to borrow
$600 and would give his note as security.
Mrs. Bernal finally consented and gave
Gibson the money. In return she re
ceived a note purported to be signed by
Morrison, bearing date of December a,
1599, with Interest fixed at 9 per cent. The
note was payable in six months.
A few days ago Morrison's appointment
as auditor of the Postal Department for
the Philippine? was announced. Mrs.
Bernal decided she wanted her $600 be
fore he left and gave the note to Attor
ney Owen D. Richardson to look after.
Then it was that the forgery was discov
ered. , ¦' '-
Gibson, was arraigned beforo Justice
Wallace. His preliminary examination
was set for February 1, and bail fixed at
$2000. ¦¦¦_:...
Until a couple of months ago Gibson
was a great society favorite, and was
engaged to be married to a prominent
young lady of this city. Of late he has
been gamblinlg heavily, and his friends
lay his downfall to the "crap" table.
A number of Gibson's friends are try-
Ing to square the matter, and In all prob
ability the woman will receive her $600.
CHICAGO'S HIGHEST TOWER.
CHICAGO. Jan. 22.— The Auditorium
tower, 220 feet . high, and the Masonic
Temple, 302 feet high, hitherto the tallest
structures In Chicago, are now overtopped
by the tower of a new business building
on Michigan avenue, 355 feet high, which
was finished to-day as to iron work. A
searchlight will be put on the tower as a
help to lake vessels.
RUNS AMUCK ON
CROWDED STREET
Negro Slain After Shoot
ing Three Men.
MACON, Ga., Jan. 22.— Two negroes
were shot to death and two white men
desperately wounded, as the result of an
attempt to arrest a negro here to-day.
J. H. Butler (colored) is the man who
did the most of the shooting and who was
himself shot to death. His .victims were
Armstead Bryant (colored), shot through
the heart; B. Hellman (white), shot
through the stomach and probably will
die. and John Reed (white), shot in the
neck and is in a precarious condition.
Butler threatened to kill a negro woman
and when Policeman Pearce attempted to
arrest him began to shoot. The negro
ran up Fourth street, one of the busiest
streets in Macon, pistol In hand, shooting
at everybody In sight. His first victim
was Hellman, then Bryant, and Reed was
the last to fall before his aim. The sound
of the shooting attracted a number of
policemen and citizens. When Butler fell,
wounded, live policemen and fifteen citi
zens were shooting at him.
JUDGE MORROW'S HOME
DAMAGED BY FLAMES
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL.. Jan. 22.— Flame? brnk©
out early this morning in the residence
of Judge W. W. Morrow, on Mission
street, and before they could be subdued
the library was badly burned and dam
age to the amount of J2OOO resulted.
The fire was caused by a defective flue
and broke out on the first floor. Imme
diately In the rear of the library. The
flames must have been smoldering all
night before they were discovered this
morning when well under headway by
Annie Dillon, a domestic, who turned in
the alarm. The damage was chiefly don*
by water, as to prevent the spread of
flames it waa necessary to wet the walls
and floors of the adjoining rooms.
The house is situated on the Nob Hill
of San Rafael, and a volunteer bucket
brigade of society men did effective work
In extinguishing the conflagration. There
is no Insurance on the building.
gate. The players were arrested and dur
ing their trials the police have been sub
jected to all kinds of bulldozing and In
sinuations of perjury and prejudice. I
think that this Council owes us some kind
of a vindication. We have no flght against
a saloon, but against a man who runs a
gambling game. We know also that we
heard orders given for drinks In Rosen
befg's saloon after midnight. We are just
as quick to protect a saloon man as If
he engaged in any other business. YV c
have every confidence in this Council giv
ing us a vindication and are thanking
goodness we are not now before a Police
Court."
Peterson also referred to a signal bell
rung at Rosenberg's front gate, and he
declared that besides "craps," stud
horse poker was played at Rosy's, and
he told of wives and mothers who had
complained to him about these gambling
dens.
Sergeant McKinley's testimony was in
the same tenor. He declared in addition
that several times during the past
month he saw persons ring the "signal
bell" as late as 2 and 3 a. m.. and that
the iron gate was opened and the ringer
admitted at Rosenberg's.
Oflicer Pardee, who also took part In
the raid, testified to hearing calls for
drinks on the night of the raid.
Joe Rosenberg was called en his own
behalf. He denied all knowledge of any
game until his attention was called to It
by the police, and said that he discharged
Sig Richardson when complaint was
made to him. He denied positively that
he was in the room where the crap game
was played, as the police had testified.
Councilman Cuvellier wanted to know
why a crap table was kept on the place
if it was not for use, and Rosenberg said
that it was going to be put in the cellar.
Mr. Rosenberg then detailed his story of,
the raid.
The Council said that they did not want
any testimony as to- the former character
of Mr. Rosenberg, which had been good.
A search was made for Slg Richardson,
who was accused of being the banker,
but he had gone home.
Councilman Upton moved that the li
cense be revoked upon the ground that
a crap game wa3 run there, and Coun
cilman Oirard seconded the motion. L.
S. Church, the attorney for Jo« Rosen
berg, argued that Rosenberg had always
kept an orderly house and that there was
no law that would permit the revoking
of a license for anything except keeping
a disorderly house.
After the argument the Council re
voked Rosenberg's license by a vote of 8
to 1, as follows: Against the license—
Barstow, Cuvellier, Girard. Weese. Stet
son, Taylor. Upton, Rowe. For the license
—Schaffer. Absentees — Kramm and Mott.
learned that she can no longer be Independ
ent cf the world, for under the new condi
tions it is impossible.
There is no doubt that the average Eng
lishman you meet going about the world is
a very unpleasant fellow, but he is hardy,
vigorous and full of fiber. The English are
hard to deal with. You have to hit them
as this country did in the Venezuelan ques
tion, and then they acknowledge that they
are kin with you.
Now, I have said that the Englishman
may be rough, harsh, perhaps brutal, but
the English love fair play. This has made
the British empire stronger than that of old
Rome. This Is due to the fact that every
Englishman knows and has a right to know
that wherever the Union Jack floats all men
are assured fair play.
In our country a certain band of people
held peculiar views. They went west to
the valleys of Utah, but we found them out;
we destroyed their Institutions and inter
fered with their religious Ideas, but it is
all part of the civilization that controls the
organization of our society. History can
always shown that civilization transcends
the law of squatter sovereignty. The man
who makes wealth and commerce and who
helps to build up the cosmopolitan life that
Is more and more in demand must, even by
the sword of tyranny, drive out the peoples
of the valley, even as the steam engine
drove the buffalo from his home on the
plains.
Rev. Dr. H. Stebbins paid a tribute to
the late James Martineau, the celebrated
Unitarian scholar, theologian and philos
opher, who died recently in England at
the age of 95. Rev. George \V. Stone, who
is visiting the coast in the Interest of
the American Unitarian Association, was
welcomed to the club and made a brief
speech. ______________
NOW AT-THE FRONT
PRINCE ALEXANDER OF TECK,
Lieutenant InnfskllHnjs.
JOE ROSENBERG'S
LICENSE REVOKED
BY TIE COUNCIL
Schaffer His Sole Sup
porter.
EVIDENCE OF A BANKING GAME
?
GIRARD LEADS THE ATTACK ON
THE GAMBLERS.
Police Contribute Strong Testimony
Regarding the Character of the
House Under Trial — Rich
ardson Missing.
OAKLAND. Jan. 22.— The Council to
night Investigated the saloon of Joe
Rosenberg, where the crap game was
raided about a month ago. Councilman
Girard called up the resolution ordering
the Investigation saying: "I am opposed
to these gambling dens. I believe in
closing them up, and If the police testify
that games have been played there I will
vote to revoke Rosenberg's license."
Captain W. J. Peterson of the police
department was first called. He reiterat
ed In part his story as told on the wit
ness stand in the Police Court at the
trials over the "crap" games. He de
clared on the night of the raid he. Ser
geant McKinley and Officer Pardee saw,
through a skylight, six men grouped
around a crap table, playing a banking
game. "We saw Slg Richardson pay
the losses from a stack of 50-cent
pieces," said Captain Peterson. "Being
therefore satisfied that the law was
being violated, we went down, rattled the
Iron doors and called Rosenberg to ¦ open
up. Then Rosenberg called back through
his saloon, 'Close up back there.' After
about six minutes he opened the front
DUKE OF TECK HAD BEEN INSANE
TT ONDON, Jan. 22.— The Duke of
I Teck, who died Sunday evening, as
I cabled to the Associated Press last
I .evening, had been Insane since the
-*—' death of the Duchess and had been
constantly under restraint. Previous to
her death he showed signs of Insanity,
which subsequent to her demise became
fully developed. His death was hastened
by an attack of paralysis, which came on
suddenly. The general feeling in court
circles Is that It was a merciful release,
though putting the finishing touches on
the gloom now overwhelming society,
and there Is now no prospect of any so
cial season In London, as the court ne
cessarily will go into mourning, which
bo many leading families are already
wearing. No members of the family were
at the Duke's bedside when he died, but
the Duke and Duchess of York arrived
at Richmond Park this afternoon.
BRYAN AGAIN INVADES
THE ENEMY'S COUNTRY
Members of the New York Democratic
Club Protest in a Letter Against
Giving Bryan a Dinner.
NEW YORK. Jan. 22.-Hon. William
Jennings Bryan arrived in Jersey City
from Washington at 6:42 o'clock this
morning and was met by James Oliver,
Bcrgeant-at-arms of the Democratic Na
tional Committee, and a number of news
paper reporters. Mr. Bryan was escorted
to the Hoffman House, the headquarters
of the State Democracy, tn which hotel
a suite of rooms had been engaged for
him. Mr. Bryan eald to the reporters
that he hoped his presence in New York
would contribute to a general good feel-
Ing- all around.
Mr. Bryan breakfasted at the Hoffman
House with ex-Governor Hogg of Texas,
Dr. W. J. Girdner lone of the leaders of
the Chicago platform Democrats) and
James Oliver. He had a number of call
ers during the day. but the hotel was by
no means crowded. The callers asked him
\Uiat he thought of O. 11. P. Belmoiit as
v Vice Presidential candidate.
"I am not raying a word about candi
dates just now," he replied.
A reporter asked Mr. Bryan later If
tln-re was any truth In a statement In a
morning paper that he was gradually
üb.i'iiioiims the sliver Issue.
"I ma tired ot denying those stones,
Bryan answered. "I will ke«;> right on in
the same line 1 have followed a.l along.
1 adhere to my belief in the Chicago plat
form, but of course 1 don't object to
throwing in some more issues for good
Mr. Bryan, when asked later If he had
any plans lor bringing back gold Demo
crats to the party, replied:
"Yes. I have plans. In the first place
many have already come back. In the
fcecond place there are some who will
never come back, and it is no use to work
on them. In the third place there are
gome who will reiurn on one or two
grounds— either Unit they now like the
Chicago platform, although they did not
In li'j6, or that they favor the Democratic
pqs-'ition on national questions and are
willing to take the whole platform, while
Hot agreeing Kith every part of it.
"The only way to keej) present Demo
crats In the party and bring gold Dem
ocrats back and induce Republicans to
join us is to advocate measures that are
best for the people, and thus deserve their
Mipport. 1 believe that the Chicago plat
form, with new questions, including
strong planks against trusts and Im
perialism, would give excuse to everybody
to vote the Democratic ticket In 1900.""
Mr. Bryan was a^ked if he regarded
any of the three issues as the dominant
<¦: • . but he taiil he did not care to dis
cuss their relative importance. As to
whether he intended to discuss only the
trusts and imperialism while lit the East
to the exclusion of silver, he paid he
would discuss all three whether he was
in Lhe East or in the West. While here.
ho said, he was not going to meddle In
local politics.
>!r. Bryan was the guest of honor at
a dinner given by O. H. P. Belmont to
night ax lii.« residence on Fifth avenue.
1 :.¦¦ dinner *ras private, no reporters be
ing admitted, and to a penciled note Mr.
Ji.-lmont maiie reply:
"There will bo nothing during or after
dinner for publication. The dinner is a
purely social affair and of no public in
terest."
Mr. Rryan was the only guest of na
tional prominence, but big men In Tam
many Hail wtre present. Among them
xv.is John V. Carroll, leader of Tammany
Hall In Mr. Croker's absence; Elliott F.
Danforth. chairman of the executive
committee of the Democratic State Com
mittee; Dr. J. H. Girdner of the local Chl
<apo platform Democracy: Asa Bird Gar
diner. District Attorney for the county
of New Ycrk; John B. Sexton. Police
Commissioner; Alfred Honrv L^wis, edi
tor of the Verdict- Frank B. Campbell,
chairman of th-> State Committee; ex
(jyvi-rnor Carmjbell of Ohio and ex-Gover
r.'<r U'^ee of aexas.
llr. I>ry;in will spend to-morrow In New
York and In the evening will be the guest
of John W. Kellar, president of the Dem
ocratic Club, at the club. This dinner is
¦understood to roean that Mr. Bryan and
the Tammany organization are In com
plete harmony.
On Wednesday nlcht Mr. Bryan Is to ad
crp-s 1 m.fting in Jersey City. Congress
ni.-in Daly and Robert Davis of New Jer
sey have Fought to Induce Mr. Bryan to
drop silver in the Jersey City speech, and
H was thought they had made some Im
pression on the Ncbraskan, but he said
to-day:
"I intend to discuss all three living 1s-
BUf-s- of the day— money, trusts and impe
rialism—!n my speeches. I am getting
tired of having one particular topic sug-
gested for my Bpeeches by those who like
one theme more than another."
OBJECT TO GIVING A
DINNER TO BRYAN
Members of the New York Demo
cratic' Club Address a Letter
of Protest.
NEW YORK, Jan. 22.— The following
letter, signed by John Fox. a former
president of the Democratic Club and
now a member of the Board of Gov
ernors; Robert B. Roosevelt and John F.
Doyle, was sent to-night to John W. Kel
lar, president of the Democratic Club:
It is with the most kindly greeting, and
certainly with no desire to criticize your acts,
that we take the liberty, as members of the
Democratic Club, to address you. We are cred
ibly Informed that you have Invited William J.
Bryan to become your guest at the Democratic
Club and take dinner with you and a party of
friends. In other words, Mr. Bryan is to be
entertained by you. and the place of such en
tertainment is at the Democratic Club. While
It is your unquestionable right, or the right of
any other member, to invite any gentlemen
who may choose to become his guest at the
club, yet under existing conditions we greatly
fear that your act will become construed by the
public as the act of the club should you give
such a dinner to this distinguished guest with
out affirmatively disclaiming such intention on
the i?art of the club.
We ourselves can fully distinguish between an
official act and "individual opinions." We
want It understood, too, that we have no per
sonal objection to Mr. liry&n, nor do we object
in the slightest degree to your giving him a
dinner at the club in your individual capacity
as one of its members. We should much re
gret, however. If what you propose to do should
be construed throughout the country as a po
litical indorsement by the Democratic Club of
the Presidential candidacy, at this time, of
Mr. Bryan. The Democratic Club is essentially
a Democratic political organization and of Its
SC-00 members none but Democrats belong to It.
You are now its president, and in the absence
of a disclaimer on your part to the contrary
your course In anything that pertains to the
club or its affairs might be construed, and not
unreasonably so, as the act of the club. It
will nut do to say that such a construction
would only be placed upon your acts by the
•smurant or misinformed, because Mr. Bryan
himself has established a precedent which Is
applicable to the case now in point. We de
fire to call your attention to a portion of the
correspondence which took place before your
immediate predecessor as president of the club
and the distinguished gentleman whom, you
have invited to be your guest at the club. You
will remember that Mr. Bryan now stands be
fore the nation as an avowed aspirant seek
ing the Democratic Presidential nomination.
Here the letter cites the acrimonious
correspondence between Mr. Bryan and
Perry Belmont, growing out of Mr. Bry
an's declination of the Democratic Club's
invitation to the Jefferson Day banquet
laFt April, In which he condemned ••politi
cal communion between Jefferson Demo
crats who stood upon the Chicago plat
form and the Republican allies who mas
querade as Democrats between cam
paigns in order to give more potency to
their betrayal of Democratic principles
on election day." The letter continues:
It may be fairly Inferred from all of the
foregoing that if you were rot considered by
Mr. Brian as an avowed believer In his doc
trine of free and unlimited silver coinace at
the ratio of 16 to 1 he would also have declined
jour invitation on the ground that * - no party
advantage is to be derived from political com
munion" with you at the Democratic Club. We
don't believe In the wisdom of free coinage at
that ratio. We do know, however, that we are
Democrats and are interested in the success of
the Democratic party In the city. In the State
and in the nation. This beinc true, we sin
cerely but respectfully urge upon you. occupy
ing as you do the position of president of the
club, not to do anything which would tend to
forestall the action of the next Democratic
National Convention.
As individuals we Insist upon, the right to
express our opinions In regard to the future
policy of our party and the selection of its
nominees. We believe It unwise to permit the
opinion to go broadcast throuchout the land
that the Democratic Club of this city or the
Democratic party of this State, so far In ad
vance of the convention, are irrevocably com
mitted to the indorsement of the principles
of the last national platform or of the views
of the last President lal nominee.
We are painfully aware of the fact that In
ISC'6 we lost the State of New York by 263,463
and the city by more than 20,000. It Is our
desire. If possible, to prevent a repetition of
another euch Democratic political disappoint
ment. In conclusion, let us again repeat that
we take this course In pood feelinc and to pre
vent, if possible, a misconstruction of your In
dividual act as being the act of the Democratic
Club.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, ' JANUARY 23, 1900.
TAAL WRESTED FROM
INSURGENT FORCES
Gallant Work Done by Troops Under
Majors Muir and Johnson, Aided
by the Marietta.
MANILA, Jan. 22.— Two companies of
the Forty-sixth Infantry, under Major
Johnson, and three companies of the
Thirty-eighth Infantry*, commanded by
Major Mulr. defeated 800 insurgents at
Taal, province of Batajigas, Saturday,
taking the town.
The United States gunboat Marietta
also shelled the place. The Insurgents
had four cannon, two of which were cap
tured. Two Americans were wounded and
ten insurgent dead were found on the
field.
The plague statistics now show a total
of fourteen cases and eleven deaths.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 22.— General Otis
informs the War Department of the re
cent military operations In the Philippines
in the following dispatch:
"MANILA. Jan. 21.— Major Johnson,
commanding a battalion of the Forty
sixth Infantry. Wheaton's brigade, re
ports from. Lemery on the ISth and 20th
Inst. that he drove the enemy through
Batangas eastward on the morning of the
ISth, capturing seventeen rifles and one
field piece. A few hours later, at Calaca,
he captured four prisoners, four horses
and equipments, with six rifles, and killed
three insurgents. He advanced toward
Lemery that afternoon and captured the
enemy's outpost of three men, with six
horses. He moved on Lemery at 5 p. m.,
found the enemy strongly intrenched and
sent by navy gunboat to Batangas for
assistance. When three companies of
Muir's battalion of the Thirty-eighth
were sent Johnson drove the enemy
through Lcmery on Taal. where he at
tacked the southern portion of the city
and Muir the northern portion. The en
emy was dispersed, retreating in many
directions. Johnson's casualties were one
man killed, one seriously and two slight
ly wounded. Four field pieces and a quan-
tlty of rifles were captured. This move,
ment of Johnson's was ably conducted
and Important in its results.
"The enemy is reported in large force
and heavily intrenched at and near
Santa Cruz, Laguna de Bay. Schwan is
swinging his troops on that point. His
left is at the town of Bay, a few miles
east of Calamba; his right, consisting of
cavalry, is at the right of Tayabas.
"OTIS."
The following list of casualties was re
ceived to-day at the War Department
from General Otis under date of January
21. from Manila:
Deaths? — Variola— December 28, John
Goodling of Company H, Thirteenth In
fantry: 31st, Everett Barker of Comr>any
G: January 13. "William B. Sisk of Com
pany F. Thirty-third Infantry.
Dysentery— January 12. John C. Bot
torff of Company D. Twenty-third Infan
try; 11th. William Brady or Company H.
Ninth Infantry; 16th, James Ross of Com
pany E. Thirty*ftfth Infantry; 17th. "Wil
liam McQuade. sergeant of Company G.
Third Artillery.
Chronic diarrhea — January 14. Frank
House of Company F. Fourth Infantry-.
Rupture of aortic aneurism— January 13,
George G. Atwood of the Twenty-fifth In
fantry.
Wounds in action— January 12. Peter
Madden of Company B. Fourth Cavalry;
ISth, Charles Singleman of Company G.
Eleventh Cavalry.
Found In Rio Agno, Bautlsta. Luzon,
covered with incised wounds. January §,
Joseph Crlspi. musician of Company A,
Seventh Infantry.
Tuberculosis — January 16, Robert Mills,
corporal of Company E, Eleventh Cav
alry* •
Pneumonia— January 17, Walter Harris
of Company E. Fortieth Infantry.
Gunshot, accidental— January 12, Clar
ence Barkla, corporal of Company M,
Twenty-seventh Infantry.
|j Surely the demand for these suits is a good argument in ii^«J^ ell
f| their favor. The number sold last week proves that the suits
U are remarkable at the price. «§/
9 Yet with such a great number sold, we were not surprised
|| We expected a larse saie. Naturally enough, too — when a $10 suit \|l
U is available for 85.25, people are going to take advantage of it, ||]
§1 and they are going to do it in a hurry. ~ @j
H There will be a greater demand this week. Don't you need a M
II suit — at this price ? . RJ
SI . Also a few overcoats at the same price — $5.25. |;j
>J Sale of Youths' Suits R
p|j During this week we have a sale of youths' suits, ages 14 to 19 years, in a ii!
IJffl pood variety of patterns. The suits are worth $8.50. We have been selling I||
I&B them tor that right along, but now every suit is reduced to fal
H $5,00 i
I M Out-of-town orders filled — write us for illustrated catalogue No. 2. • |9
7IS Market Street, §L^y^ m
3
DUKE OF TECK
PRINCE FRANCIS OF TECK,
Captain First Devons.YELLOWTAIL
EQUALED A
COAST MARK
A "Killing" Made Over His
Victory in the Follansbee
Handicap at Oakland.
A K LAND track re
tff*%^ opened yesterday for
j&&*Z?<Z\ a t ' !r ' l weeks' spell
jL^KSk of sport ¦with a large
a iLJ*^ tA Et tendance and a
a J^SjL^ra card bristling with
B sfi&W^P&P spicy things. The
if /^C*^*'F^ 1T a capture °f tne r '°h
H /*^r&4uL V'B si:i "° Foll ans b e c
H /^"~<^jefij; ( . 'I handicap by Yellow
wMs£^%M tal !. and . the , " cl^ an :
Hi/#^x,>- ;vm ••;, made by Fred
¥^$9: y Foster and his party
Ig?t~^ / over shadowed all
"ES^ I other happenings of
>Qffi^ the day. The big
fellow not only
shouldered 123
pounds and defeated
a fashionable field, but equaled the
rcast record of 1:26 for seven furlongs
at the Fame time. There were ter; start
ers, and so adroitly adjusted were the
weights that Dr. Sheppard. the favorite.
vrith 123 pounds up, was 3 to 1 at post
time. Johnny Schorr thought he had an
ace In the holo, the price about F. W.
Brcxie failing from 13 to C. Meanwhile
Fred Foster and the Oakland contingent
were slipping twenties in the books on
Tellowtail. until all the 5 and 6 to 1 in
sight had been thoroughly eradicated. At
the post Dicmed delayed matters for a
time, but Fcrsruson finally sent the bunch
off nicely aligned. For nearly half a mi!».
Jones, first ay.ay on St. Cuthbert. showed
in front. His lead was of short duration,
for Jenkins soon headed him with Yel
lowtail. and although F. W. Brodo got up
dangerously close the final sixteenth, the
slashing chestnut won cleverly by a neck.
Spencer on Ventoro took the show, with
Dr. Sheppard back in sixth position.
Superintendent FleJdwlck had the
course in splendid condition as usual,
but the weather was not propitious for
record breaking, being raw and chilling.
Notwithstanding, some very fast time
was made by the different winners. Snul
of Tarsus bore the honor of bcinjj the
one lonely favorite to thrive.
In his morning workouts oaul 'had been
cultivating rjuite a strt ak of speed and he
went ;•> th« post a 4 to T> favorite for the
opening scramble. He made all the run
ing, and won from Corolla with Spencer
easing him up. Away none too well,
Gundara; with 117 pounds in the saddle,
finished a good third.
Spencer in the saddle sent the black
horse Faversham out post favorite for
the sevefl furlong selling run. He never
looked a winner. Mike Rice led to within
a furlong of the stand, where Jones on
Tom Cromwell got up. beating the out
sider, with something to spare.
The old favorite David Tenny made hl<»
first appearance among the starters for
the mile and a sixteenth run, and wa«
at once installed favorite. He appeared
slow In running the bags and was eventu
ally left on third. Scotch P'.ald. the mount
of Jenkins, which closed first choice, U-d
into the stretch for home, only to bo col
lared and beaten out a neck by Merops.
Tenny wap only four lengths away.
The midnight oil burners "doped" Bes
sie Irf'p, a l. r > to 1 ehanee. to win the fifth
stanza, a six-furlong jaunt, and she din.
Not many played her. and the mare won
all the way In 1:14 flat. l>ost Girl snatched
the place from Cormorant. Panam'nt,
again made favorite, acted as target bear
er at the finish.
Dr. Nc-mbula seems to be a horse born
under on unlucky star. Fast as a bullet,
something is always happening to him.
Sent to the post favorite for the closing
mile run. Tod Walsh fell fast asleep, and
with do grip on the right rein was lr.st
away. Headwater looked a winner Into
the stretch until The Fretter drew up on
even terms, when Henry "pulled the bat."
Jark Martin then just kicked Fretter in
first by a neck in l:^> 3 i. Catastrophe l.d
the favorite out for third place.
Track Notes.
The meeting l>cgan with fifteen books.
About the hardest knock they received
was the stak^ event, the smart ones
"whip-awing" it.
Fred Foster and tho Oakland contin
gent were credited with taking JIO,OC>O out
of the ring over the victory of Yellow
tail. Of course this Is subject to the
prunlng-knifo process.
Charley Fair again backed Merops. al
most evening up thing's for tho Tanforan
dump made on the Brutus horse.
Bullman is again riding in good form,
and if he will be careful about rough rid
ing will soon become a public idol again.
The horses in training owned by J.
Naglee Burk will be sold at the track on
Thursday. January 25. In the lot are
some very useful breadwinners, and no
doubt the sale will be a great success.
Coda. Dolore. Espirando. Festoso, Furia,
GUssando. Gravita and Giro are capable
of winning on any track.
The struggle among the jockeys for the
handsome gold watch offered by the Cali
fornia Jockey Club to the <me scoring the
most number of points during the meet
ing now in proKrenr; is now on. Points are
to cavern as follows: Three points for
each winning mount, two points for each
place mount, and one point for each show
mount. Following is the score for the
first day's racing:
Rullman B.Spencer 5
Jenkins 6 J. Martin 3
Jones 6 Henry 2
Thome 5 Conley :... 1
To-Day's Entries.
First race— Five furlongs; four-year-olds and
up; fflling. " '"¦;- ' ¦ --".
... Almoner Ml' €4! Ftorm King.. ..144
6«» Tammany 141 M 7 Momentum 144
f,CS <'larando 133 619 Kspirando 141
€19 Mainstay 144 642 Dk of York 11.141
VS Jnel 133) &4 GreyhurM 141
634 Shellac 133, o4j Strongolt 141
Second race— Futurity course; maiden three
rear-old?: celling. ;¦..*
r.3S Hipponax MIS' f4O rominu Event. lo3
CSS Antler U3 C." Beautiful 8i11. .112
C 7 Kedwald 110; 640 Tom Kharkey.. S7
T Jj% J. V. Hayes... lnsl 63« Miss Vera 103
... Hurnadetta 117 :.4« Slnuoso 113
ITS Leipzig V*\ C4O Caesar Young.. lo2
Third race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
up; ftpllinir.
CO) Good Hope 98: C 36 Revanna 102
4M Hr.-.wn Prince.. 9S ... Pompino 10}
:.12 Tiburon WIMJ Poorlands 95
IS9 Melkarth 9S'
Fourth race — Seven furlongs; four-year-olds
and up: SF-lllnir.
£20 Hohenlohe .... 300' &''2 Alicia 107
F,P3 Dolore 10l| f.K2 Montailade ....109
T2S Gauntlet 103 til Trrrone 104
66S Lost Girl 101 613 'Whltcomb 109
66j Stromo 10C 66". O'Connor 100
<*6 Dr. Marks U<3| iil Yule 107
Fifth race — One mile; three-year-olds and up;
rolling.
(M7| Horton 108[ 562 The Buffoon ... S6
f.<~2 Tcribin 1061 6S« Merry Boy 106
CV) Wyoming 106C27) Tuthill 93
651 Don Luis 106; «12 Choteau 89
ezs Hummer 89> ZH Silver Tone ...105
£31 Kachel C 84:
Sixth race — Six furlongs; four-year-ol<2s and
uj>: Felling.
<t.:'S) Afamada 107! G33 High llo« 103
IS* Amasa 103(f,eO) Sly vfi
CCC H. Thoburn 109 Ct9 Snlpa t&
i'Sl Monteomerv ..10,'ii
Selections for To-Day.
Flr»t race— Storm King, Momentum, Al
moner.
Second race— Leipzig, Beautiful Bill. J. V.
Hajes.
Third race— Tiburon, Good Hop*. Revanna.
Fourth race— Gauntlet, Lost Girl, Montallade.
Fifth race — Hortnn, Merry Boy. Wyoming:.
Sixth race— Afamada, Harry Thoburn. Mont
gomery.
Will Welcome "Father" Clark.
To-night ChriFt!an Endeavorcrs ar<3
their frionds will Father at the First Con
pregational Church. Post and Mason
KtreetP. to welcome Dr. F. E. Clark
founder of th* creat Christian Endeavor
movement, and his wife. I>r. Clark will
nddross the mr-cting and Mrs. Clark Is
also down on the programme for a talk
as is also Rev. Dr. Cherir.gton J A
Wiles. George R Littlf>fl< Id and \V G
Alexander. "Father" Clark, as he is af
fectionately called by Endeavorers all
over the world., will depart on Wednps<*.ay
for China and Japan, and to-night will be
the last opportunity of hearing him for
many years. The puhlic is cordially in
vited.
<»/ "¦ i>iiraie»- Failinc Mao*
Jjy SC] crj - Uleeplotam*. etc.. cansed by o»«r-
<C| «A_i work and I n-liac return*. TA«Tf rfuirkiv
\ i&*>b •«• *»r«lif re«tcr» Lout V itaiitj ia o! i
iV •~7 or joaaif . and tit a man fcr study, bosi-
-^C^y**^. nm* or p!ea»ar«. TrtTent In<aiut7 an 1
T«B*ixa3t» Consumption it taken ia tima. Thnir
awihows immediate improvement and effecta CURS
where all others fnil. Insist aponh^nn« thesenaine
AJax Tablets. They hay« cured thousands and will
cere ion. We giro a positive written guarantee to ef-
fect a cure In each ease or refnad the money. I"ri. »
*\t\ etc feT parfcwrn. or six packages (fall tr^ae-
WWbUi raent) for 92.60 bi mail, ia plain *ra;^cr.
npon recs!r« of price. Circnfar»fre».
AJAX REMEDY CO., 7 %^S^"z^
For tale In 8. F. by Leipnlts A Co.. No P-r-
eentara Drug Co.. Owl Dru* Co.. 9. F.. Oak I'd.
DR.HALI/S BELNYIGORATOR^^g
Klve hundrotl reward fcr nny wm£jiTi£!:
case we cannot cure. Th.a i.?tret 1 /" a "¦R
remedy stops all losses In 2i 1 fc;
hours. rur»« Emissions.. I:rp..- tZ?J EZ&
tency. Varicocele. Gonorrh-jea, 17X1 WSri
Gleet. Fits. Strictures. Lost fc&bj ie-\L
MtrhoM ar.ci all wasting eff -en j«gj_ljij»,
of self-abuse or excesses. P-nt "" — — * — *
eealetl. t2 bottle: 3 bottles. $5: (ruarasteod to
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL. IN-
BTITLTE. 8.-5 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. \lso
for sale at 10734 Market sl. S. F. All prtvat*
diseases quickly cured. Send for free book
BASEBALL AT BERKELEY.
Sophomores Defeat Seniors in the
First Game of the Season.
BERKELEY, Jan. 22.— The baseball
reason at the university opened to-day
with a good, fast game between the
*-eniors and sophomores, the latter win
ning by a score of f> to 4. The line-up
was as follows:
Seniors. Position. Sophomores.
Meln Oat<-h«>r Hamlln
Mellon Pitcher Smith
¦White Shortstop Z*>deman
'"ellins First base Hawley
I>rutn Beeond t<afce Stark
<">sb<-.m Third base Gardner
I'<*ck Rlcht field Jon»g
1 Jaz'Kln* Oer.fr fif-Id Warner
We« Left fleid McKwen
The bloachcrs and sidelines were
crowded with partisans of the 'contesting
teams and the rooting was lively from
tt«rt to finish.
To-morrow the freshmen will play the
Juniors.
BAKERSFI ELD, Jan. 22.— The Paci
fic Coast fu-ld trials began to-day at
Bakersfleld. On account of the late
arrival of Judge Johnson the draw
ing did not take place until about
9 o'clock this morning. The members'
stake was scheduled as the first event,
but owing to the fact that several of the
club members who were expected to make
entries did not arrive it was decided to be
gin with the Derby and postpone the
members' stake until to-morrow.
There were fourteen entries in the
Derby, as follows: J. E. Lucas' 1. and w.
bitch Ella E. by Alec C-Cora; N. H.
Hickman's blk. dog Negro Joe, by Black
liart-Fannette; Stockdale Kennel's blk.
and Xv.n dog Cuba's Zcp, by Cuba of Ken
wood-Jacquina. English setters — C.
Young's blk. and tan dog Duke, by Luke-
Dolly Wilson; W. S. Tevis' blk. and tan
dog Pride of Ross, by Cincinnatus Pride-
Flora W; H. H. Kcrckhoff's w. dog
Blanco, by Mercury-Sweetheart's Last;
Gardiner & Betten's o. and w. dog Lo
renzo, by Count Gladstone IV-Suver G;
Gardiner & Betten's blue P.elton bitch
Bonnie Gem, by Count ' Gladstone IV-
Suver G; Gardiner & Betten's o. and w.
dog Woodcraft, by Gladstone IV-Suver
G; W. S. Hobarfs blk., w. and tan dog
Hen Crocker's Chief, by lroquois Chief-
Mary Lou: Stockdale Kennels' blk. dog
Pluto; by The Laird-Phoebe; C. E. Wil-
Eon's blk., w. and tan dog Sliver Star, by
Starlight-Silver Plate; C. E. Wilson's blk.,
w. and tan bitch Dixie Queen, by Sam
Weller-Flashlight; Stockdale Kennels'
blk. and w. doe Schley, by Alec C-
Flora C.
The start for the trial grounds was
made at 12 o'clock, and the first brace
down was Stockdale Kennels' Schley.
handled by Fred Coutts, and Ella X,
handled by J. E. Lucas. Neither "of the
dogs seemed In first class form and hunt
ed rather listlessly, owing probably to the
heat, as at this hour the sun was shining
and the weather was warm. The course
was up a dry creek bed, and a half mile
had been covered before birds were found.
It was a scattered bevy and most of them
running ones, and very little work was
done by either of the dogs. They were
taken up at 1:33 p. m.
Tho next pair down— Dr. Wilson's Sil
ver Star, handled by himself, and Hick
man's Negro Joe, handled by W. B.
Coutts. This brace, like tho preceding
one, seemed unable to handle 1 the birds
and appeared unaccustomed to work in
such thick cover. There was little op
portunity for either speed or range, al
though any advantage was in favor of
the black pointer, Negro Joe. Both dogs
seemed to be disturbed by the specta
tors and had a tendency to return to the
handler much oftener than was neces
sary. The clogs were taken up at 2:22.
At 2:30 Stockdale Kennels' Zen, handled
by B. M. Dodge, and Gardiner & Betten's
, Lorenzo, handled by Betten, were turned
down. This pair showed some of the
prettiest work of the day. The course
was along the edge of the timber and
partly in the open, and the range and
speed of the puppies was considered bet
ter than that of those down before. Birds
were soon found and a point was scored
for Zop. who was steady to wing. Al
most immediately Lorenzo scored a
stanch point and steady to shot and
wing. Zep made the third point and
there was little opportunity after this for
the dogs to score, as the birds by this
time had been lost. They were taken up
at 2:53.
The, next brace was Walter Hobarfs
Chief, Coutts handler, and Dr. Wilson's
Dixie Queen, handled by Wilson. This
was at 3 p. m. and the dogs were turned
down In an open field and showed plenty
of speed and range, especially so in the
case of Chief, who ranged well out and
hunted his ground with g«od Judgment.
The dogs went a half mile through the
open and into a corn field, where a bevy
point was made by. the Chief, who held
it stanchly until the birds flushed. After
the flush neither dog seemed able to lo
cate a Bingle bird and they were taken
up at 3:45. which was the longest heat
of the day.
H. H. Kerckhoff's Blanco, Coutts
handler, and Gardiner & Betten's Wood
craft, Betten handler, were the next pair
down and each did some fairly good
work. They were hunting some time in
the open field, but failed to locate birds,
and were sent back to the timber, where
a small bevy was flushed by the spec
tators. Woodcraft soon located a single
bird, which he pointed, but the bird
flushed before the handler got near. He
followed with a second point and again
the bird flushed, but he was steady to
wing on both occasions. Blanco made
the next point and dropped to wing very
nicely. This ended the work of the pair.
They were taken up at 4:40.
C. Young's Duke. Coutts handler, and
Gardiner & Betten's Bonnie Gem should
have run the next heat, but as Bonnie
Gem was not on the ground the Stock
dale Kennels' Pluto, Dodge handler, and
W. S. Davis' Pride of Ross, Coutts
handler, were called. Both of these dogs
were a bit wild and the handler found it
almost impossible to control them. . They
were both willing enough, but in their
anxiety flushed several birds that should
have been pointed. They were taken up
at 4:43, which closed the running for to
day.
Duke and Bonnie Gem will be the first
" FIELD TRIALS-Opening at Bakersfleld. ?
I RACING-Yellowtail's Great Run. |
BIG SPORTING EVENTS
BOXING— Kennedy Withdraws. §
COURSING— Two Men Ruled Off. * ?
88
WILL FIGHT
FAST AND
WITH FURY
Hard Hitting Amateurs to
Battle Next Friday
¦_ _ ¦
Night.
HENRT LEWIS, the local colored i
Ufhtvrelffht, who has defeated som«: !
of the best men in his class during j
th» p :st vrar. is to bo pilt;d apainst j
Jack Hull. .1 vtll-iinown fighter, at the j
monthly exhibition of the Columbia Ath- j
Irtic Club, next Friday evening. The men j
have sipnod at 135 pounds and will box i
oipht rounds. Tlu y will certainly put up
a fast and clever exhibition if past bat- j
:;.s in which they participated be a crite
rion.
On th«» sam*» evening Jack Dean v.-Ul
fight Charles Johnson at the same weight.
As this l>out is looked upon as the event
of th«* evening some good sport is as
purt-d. Both lads have local reputations
and they intend to uphold their standing
by winning. Charles Frost and "Kid"
Finnerty are also to moot in the sara?
ring at the bantam weight, and Phil
BakT and Jack Carr. two h< avy-weights
practically unknown to followers of the
rinjr. but who are higrhly recommended
by thoir respective backers, are to battle
eight rounds for fame and money.
The ahovi» bouts wr-re arranged with tho
sole idea of pleasing the followers of the
boxing game. No fa.khig will be counte
nanced by the club management, as it is
in the boxin;? business to stay. The offi
cers of the Columbia Athletic Club are:
President. Dan Crowley: vice president,
Jamos P. Kanp; secretary. Charles Sum
merlad; treasurer. John Epping«r; press
agent, Gilbert "Fatty" Blades; directors
—ban Crowlry. J. J. Sullivan. John Kp
pinger. Jam.s r. Kane and Charles Sum
myriad.
Tho Hub has secured th«» building now
occupi<^d by thr- "B.ittlf> of Manila-Bay"
panorama, and it will shortly be ar
ranged into an arena for boxinij, and It
is expectM to surpass anything: of its
kind in the State for location, comfort
and Matins capacity.
Blpr Joe Kennedy, the south side heavy
weight, who was to have met Jack Stelz
ner before the Monarch Athletic flub on
the last night of the present month, has
thrown up his contract and the fight is
iow but a dream of the past. Kennc-dy
had two excuses to offer for his failure
to abide by his agreement. The first i»
that the Monarch Club would not allow
him to take the entire proceeds, and sec
ondly, that he could not get into condition
in two weeks' training. Some one tamil
iar with Kennedy's character was unkind
enough to say that he- was afraid f o <I<>
battle with Stelzner, having in mind th<*
hard light the latter gave him in Sep.em
ber, IS9S, when Kennedy barely secured
a decision over his much lighter opponent
after twenty rounds of hard righting. It
is regretted by all lovers of the sport that
Kennedy backed out. as they counted on
peeing a good battle. Stelzner 13 greatly
disappointed. He was confident that he
could <We;tt Kennedy and wanted to da
so. as it would remove the stigma of the
decision the latter pot over him.
Al Neil! called on Manager Glbbs of th^
National Olub yesterday and asked for
a postponement of tho match he has with
Jack O'Brien. They were to have fought
on the evening of February 9. but owing
to NeiU's request they will enter the Tins
en Friday. February 16. The blow Neill
received below the waist from O'Brien at
their first meetirp hn? troubled him ever
since. On the advice of his phy.«ician
Neill asked for th^ postponement, as he
is desirous of being In grood fettle the
next time ho meets his clever opponent.
Neill will train for the battle a? the end
of the Hatgbt-strcet line and O'Brien will
probably gq to Blar.ken's two weeks be
fore the contest.
Georpe Green is In receipt of a telegram
from "Bat" Mnstorson. in which the
latter asks Green to challenge the winner
of the Neill-O'Brien fight In hehalf of
"Paddy" Purtell. Green has $,7XI to bind
a match.
Biddy Ulshop. manager of "Yountr
Ppter Jackson." the colored weltfr
weipht who defeated Tommy Tracy at
Stockton a few days apo. Is anxious to
match his man with "Soldier" Green.
Charley Lonp, the wcll-knnwn flpht pro
moter, la in receipt of the following letter
from Flishop:
¦\Vhnt do yon think of a match between Jack-
Kon and CJreen? In my opinion it would
be a roo<! car' I <It not know what weight
Green makes, but think he is a hit heavier
than Peter. You know Jackson could net be
rifrht and welsh more than 14« pound*. W<»
will give Green four or five pound" and make
the weicrht 150 at the ringside. Will be down
In a few days. Consider thi* proposition, as
I will go directly Kast If nothing tuns up in
Frisco. What is Neiir* lowest weicht?
I.onp received a letter from Jack Mc-
Cormick of Chicago yesterday. It is
dated January I*, and is as follows:
I would like to mntch K.I D»nfa«a ajrainst
Al N>!ll or .lark O'Brien. Denfass is a Phila
delphia boy v,h<-< has mad? a won-tTfu! show-
Ing In th* rnst -»ar. Jack OT.rten knows
him an.l I think he will Ejv*ak well of him.
He will fisrn to-mnrrriw nl*ht with "nob"
Lorn?, the ivilrred mldil'e-weight champion.
Sam SumniorftcM informer! me he telenraphed
Jack O'Rri^n to come on ar.-l flsht the win
ner. Denfass is one of the coming mi<sdle
¦weights. Ho car. make i:,4 pound? easy. If
you can u«.-> him or me let me know. I was
to fight Phvk-nsk! at Milwaukee to-n'eht. but
he flunked on a^cour.t of the way his fi»cht with
McCoy terminated. I have a number of bouts
on. and nfter filllner my eneaK"ments would
like to corr.e to the coast and fight Kennedy
or anj- one else.
KENNEDY IS
UNWILLING
TO CONTEST
His Match With Stelzner Off.
Neill-O'Brien Fight Post
poned.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFER!
in Tai!or=Made Suits.
Park Suits now $13.50
Frrn-k Suits 22.C0
Trince Albert Suits 2T..00
Full Dress Suits 40.00
Overcoats 20.00
rants 4.50
Excellrnt rnatfrial and workmanship: per-
fect fit g-uarante*<3.
lllfVin: Market »?.
201-2i"3 MontßiraTv St.. fiar. F-anrlscn.
For Racing- Chart See Page Eleven.
Boland Applies for Letters.
Public Administrator Boland has ap
plied for letters of administration in the
estate of Julius Friedman, who died Jan
uary 21 at the Palace Hotel. Decedent's
estate la said to be worth over a million
dollars.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
II S t« A °.. R EAT HE3TOISATIVE. XNVIQOKA-
¦ tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonio tor the Sexual Organs Tor both .«e^
The Mexican Keoedy for DUeas«3 of th<» Kid-
ney, and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits
m m NABER. ALF3 & BRUNE. Agtnts.
» Market «tre«t. B. F.— (Send for Circular).
Get one cake
of it.
Nobody ever
stops at a cake.
brace down in the morning, and the start
will be made from the trial grounds at
7 o clock.
For the first time in several days the
sun appeared and the weather was ex
ceedingly pleasant and there are pros
pects of continued sunshine. The ground
on which the trials were held to-day was
unfavorable to the dogs. There were
plenty of birds, but it is expected that
on more favorable gounds which will be
chosen to-morrow, more satisfactory
work will be done.
Thomas Johnson of Canada, who is
acting as Judge, expresses himself as
well pleased with the grounds and the
appearance of the dogs, and it 5s ex
pected that his judging will give entire
satisfaction to the club.
CANDIDATES FOR FIELD TRIAL HONORS.
LYONS A FAST FIGHTER.
NEW YORK. Jan. 22— Henry Lyons of
Chicago knocked out Joe Cain of Brook
lyn in the concluding round of the twen
ty-five round bout at catch weights be
fore the Hercules Athletic Club in Brook
lyn to-night. For an unknown, Lyons
proved a revelation, his cleverness beirtK
beyond the ordinary. Up to and including
the tenth round it proved to be one of the
best 12C-pound battles seen in the East
and gave an insight into what might be
expected to follow. Although Cain was
literally beaten to pieces, he put in many
stiff punches on Lyons' head and body
but the colored boy always had a shade
the better of it. In the thirteenth round
Cain's left eye closed entirely and ren
dered him at a great disadvantage. At
Challenge to Wrestlers.
MINNEAPOLIS. Minn.. Jan. 22.-Herr
man Smith, manager of Mott Vickere.
the Anoka giant, has issued a sweeping
challenge to wrestlers, lie will match
Vickere against any man in the world
Hall Adali preferred, at catch-as-catch
can style. Vickere Is a young farmer
boy. stands six feet eight inches, and
weighs 330 pounds. Smith expects him to
wrestle at 300 pounds.
Miss Morgan and Mrs. Belcher made no
returns. Miss Mullins also took the vViis
low medal, which must be won three
times by the same lady before becoming
her permanent property.
i^iSlfT X HEALTHFUL! \
? Gfa A Natural Miaeral Water *
O rail Hith Iredlcin 3' qualities, o
o ij-ijL cr kdigastios asi °
o 4*^jf\ Stcizach Disardars. o
I^^So-cnlled VICHY !
? P*^^ IN SIPHONS '*
|^&!SJ!T VIEHYf
O A. VIGNIER. Distributing Asrent^
ATHLETES TO PLAY
INDOOR BASEBALL
Local followers of Indoor baseball will
have an ojrport unity to-r.isht of F»emp
the representatives of the Reliance Club
of Oakland and the local aggregation of
the Younj? Men's Christian Association
contest for the beautiful silver trophy
offered by the Amateur Alhletic Associa
tion. Th»» two teams are to play in the
pymnasium of the Young Men's Chris
tian Association. Both nines have prac
ticed hard for the tournament and their
first meeting should prov* highly inter
esting. The fair sex has h««>n invited to
watch the game and their presence
Fhould incit*- the players on to preater
endeavors. The teams will line up as
follows:
T. M. C. A- Position. Rfliance.
Fytton I'itrher '. Dietkrian
Fhaw Catcher I>ea<*on
Morton Flrct base Wy ms
Harbour Sf-ond base Rosf-nrieim
I'.urke Third base Grf vre
Feou Fhortstop Audifred '
OofwSri-h CVnt*r field Holmes
FtrKUtPr.bcr* RSpht fi>'.d Brockhace
Toofcy Left field Apnew
ON THE PRESIDIO LINKS.
Miss Mullins Wins a Silver-Mounted
Cleek and the Winslow Medal.
Thf> pllver-mountPfl clerk presented by j
William n. Bourn for competition amon?
the ladies of the San Francisco Golf C!ub
In an eiKhteen-hole handicap, iru-dal Dla\\ '
was won yesterday by Mi?s Mullins with
a gross pcore of 127 and a net score nt
121. M!^« Mullins made the first nine I
hole? in fiS and the second nine in 59, aid
her gross score of 127 was the hest of the
day. A silver loving-cup presented hy the
club as a second prize was won by Miss ;
Crockett, with a jrross score of 131* and a I
net score of 125. Eleven ladir-s entered
the handicap and nine of these made re- :
turns. The full scores are given here- i
with:
SAN FRANCISCO GOLF CULUB LADIES
EIGHTEEN-HOLE HANDICAP.
Until further notice I will take in any
other make of electric belt as half pay-
ment on one of mine. If you have useJ
one of the o!d style burning electric
belts, or the kind that give no current at
all. and wish to realize the benefits
which can be had from the use of a gen-
uine electric be!: which cannot burn nor
blister, send me your old belt and I will
send you one of my latest improved
belts at one-half my list price. Take ad-
vantage of this offer at once, as I re-
serve the privilege of withdrawing it at
any time after this month. It is made
simply to establish the. value of my Belt
with those who have been disappointed
with other kinds.
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin,
702 Xirkit St.. Car. Kjtray. 8. 7.
And cor. Bering and Second. Los Arjfle*
For More Sports See Page Nine.
PACIFIC COAST FIELD TRIALS
UNDER WAY AT BAKERSFI ELD
Fair Weather and a Plentiful Supply of Birds Mark the Opening
Day of the Contests— Crack Dogs Try Conclusions in
the Preliminaries of the Derby.
GREGGAINS IN DANGER.
The life of Alec Greggalns— refer**,
prizefight promoter, politician ar.d all
around good fellow— ls in danger, and that
versatile gentleman is not aware of the
fact. Joe Butler, the pugilist, writ** from
sleepy Philadelphia that It would give
him joy to knock Alec's head off and do
other unpleasant things to him. He has
a grievance against Greggains which will
never be satiated until the tatter's gore
bestrews the ground.
A letter was received from the bellig
erent fighter yesterday, in which Rutler
states that he noticed in a local paper
that Greggalns said he did not ask him
(Butler) to let up on him when they
fought before the Ariel Club some year*
ago. He said that Greggains did make
the request, and he can prove it by "Boh"
Deady and John Fogarty. Butler also
pays that h» hopes to cross Gregsrains'
path some day and make him eat his
words. He accuses Alec of calling him a
liar, and as the local man has a good ap
petito he will not have to digest much of
a meal. Still Butler seems in earnest, so
Greggains must beware of storms when
he is in the Philadelphia pugilist's vi
cinity.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 23, 1900.
the opening of the sixth round Lyons put
a gash over his opponent's risrht eye. intr»
which the blood dropped, half blinding
him. He proved himself <ood and game.
however, and fought with undlminishcl
vigor.
m 'W 7*\
t }*jd f** ¦ ? wi Jo i^^^f i p *sn* 1
4
HENRY LEWIS.
.r
Se
Comp^til
tors. I
!« [I
t
,»
Miss Mul!
Miss Croc
Miss or.
Mlis I>nii
Mlts Hoff
M!*s Mcß
Mrs. Bc\v
Mrs. F!r<V'
Miss I vps
(9
78
71
71
8S
78
90
r
r.9 j
6S I
67
64 I
a
«7 I
85 I
12;
131
14:
IV
13.'
14J
16:
14:
17:
is
I
6
12
9
......
34
«
24
.r
Se
Comp^til
tors. I
!« [I
t
,»
Miss Mul!
Miss Croc
Miss or.
Mlis I>nii
Mlts Hoff
M!*s Mcß
Mrs. Bc\v
Mrs. F!r<V'
Miss I vps
(9
78
71
71
8S
78
90
r
r.9 j
6S I
67
64 I
a
«7 I
85 I
12;
131
14:
IV
13.'
14J
16:
14:
17:
is
I
6
12
9
......
34
«
24Must Pay on an Order of Court.
Owing to the fact that Treasurer
Brooks has refused to pay demands for
services on court orders unless the same
are signed by the Auditor a friendly test
case will be made in order to determine
whether the charter or the Stat* 1 law
governs in the ca?e. Yesterday the Treas
urer refused to pay an order in favor of
Kinlay Cook for $13 for services as ap
praiser of collateral inheritances. It is un
derstood that the Superior Judges will
mandamus the Treasurer to pay claims on
an order of court and he will be obliged
to recognize all future demands;
German Cooks Elect Officers.
The Parif.c Coa?t German Cooks' So
ciety (incorporated) has elected th« fol
lowing officers to serve for the ensuing
year: President. Fred Braun; vice prcsl-
<?«««»«>»<? -?- ¦»-??????• ?-»-»-?-»•
? ¦-¦':•'.•:¦ ?
? Palace and :
: Grand Hotels :
tFor nearly a quarter ct a csntury tft» ?
leading hotels on the Paciflc Cca^t. ?
f With Added imsrovement* and con- ?
? veuiences they continue to ba the head- ?
quarters for tcuri*ts and travelers vtj- «
niuz San Francisco. ?
? JOHN C. KinKPATRICK. *
+- Hansirer. »
MAKE PERFECT MEW
SDO XOT DKMPA IS t I-o not Su-
ffer Longer! Tne joys aa<l ambitions of
life can be restored to you. The rery
worst Ci»*s of Xerroß« OeMUtT^rs
cared by PKKt'Erl'O
TABI.ETH. Gire prompt reliel to in-
¦OmllU la:..n,r :rv.'.r-.iry »n.! tl-.-- \v,t,r.,
nnd drain of y%t*'. powers, in"-. rre»i *>y
!mll!>er*tions or«xe**sesof enri» years.
Impart rigor *n<\ potency to every func-
tion. Brace np the system. Uire hloota to il>»
che«ks and lustre to tbo eym of /^fT\rounie or old.
One 50c box renews Tital en»rfry.pifJG boxe» a(
*2.SOacomr>!etssviir-'.ii:t—aci:reTjJJvs'or mrne.T ro-
lunded. Can be carried In rest "^M*" pocket. 8o!d
e»errwn«re. or mail"*! In plain wrapper on receipt of
prica by Ilis rZ&FZCIO CO., Caxtaa UUlg., Okaco, 111.
Bold by Owl Drus Co.. 3. F. and Oakland
Back Again With the Dead.
Thomas Smith, the old time Janitor of
the Morgue, put In an appearance at that
place yesterday morning, having been ap
pointed by the Board of Public Works
as janitor for the Morgue building. Mr.
Smith has been connected with the
Morgue for thirty years. "When Coroner
Cole assumed office there waa no such
position as janitor or porter within his
gift under the new charter. The care of
public buildings being in charge of the
board, all Janitors ere appointed and as.
signed by them.
There is nothir.s H'<e ELECTRICITY to put
life vim and vigor inio weak men or women.
Druffs give but temporary relief; act merely as
a stimulant, but Electricity flies to all weak
parts of tS<e body, imcartlr.g natures force
thereto and dolns the required work aurely an.l
in a permanent manner. If •'run down" in
health and strength you had better try Elec-
tricity Use an Electric Belt, fcr that !¦ th«
best method of applying it: but be sure you K<?t
a good one while you are ab^'it it; In shcrt. try
"Dr. Pierre's." for It is guaranteed to be th»
be«t' Electric Belt on earth.
ICT'T-ooklet No. 2" free at offlcs or sent by
mall fcr ft -c stamp, tells all *>>?out It. Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
K0 Market street. SAN FRANCTPCO.
68 Tribune BuiMins. NEW YORK.
AIDED BY CHARITY.
Testimony in Case of Mrs. Jacobson
Against Rabbi Myers.
The trial of the suit of Mrs. G. H.
Jacobson against Rabbi Myers for the re
funding of $235. alleged to be due for
money expended for transportation from
Melbourne to San Francisco, was re
sumed yesterday morning In Justice
Groezingers court. Mrs. Myers, wife of
the defendant in the case, testified that
she had never written a letter to the
Jacobsons at Melbourne in which she
had either promised to send them funds
or to reimburse them for '.raveling ex
penses. Mrs. Myers further declared
that Rabbi Myers had never intended
paving for the Jacobsons' transportation
here.
R. D. Rapken, a capitalist, was then
put upon the stand by the defense. He
testified that he had lived in Melbourne
for twenty years; that for fifteen years
he had belonged to the Philanthropic
Society of that place, and that he had
known Mrs. Jacobson to be aided hun
dreds of times. "She was a needy and
worthy woman." said he. "and we aided
her with sums ranging from 30 shillings
to $5 a week."
Attorney Crowley attempted to ques
tion the truthfulness of Rapken's state
ment, but Judge Groezinger said that he
was convinced that Rapken was telling
the truth. Some excitement followed the
Judicial utterance and the case was
finally continued until to-morrow morn
ins.
MRf Hk J&w CATHA R7I C
>^Jt TRAD! MANN ttt»IS7lWlO
Pleasant. Palatable. Potent. Taste Good. Do
Good, Never Sicken. Weaken, or Gripe. 10c. 25c. SOo.
... CURE CONSTIPATION. ...
SUril.f K.aed. Ciapa**. Chlctta, Ho.tr..!. H«« T*rk. Jl>
lin.TH RAP Sold and (rnnrantped by alldrng-
ttU'lU-DHU gituto Cl r U£ Tobacco Uablu
VALLEY ROAD NEWS.
Construction Proceeding Rapidly and
Completion Near at Hand.
If the present weather continues for a.
few weeks the Valley road will be in a
position to deliver its first consignment
of freight and its first load of passengers
to San Francisco by the Ist of April. All
that is now delaying the construction is
the mud which has resulted from the re
cent heavy rains.
The big viaduct at the end of the Al
hambra valley is now completed am!
trains are running over it. All the bridge*
are likewise in working order and do-.'.ig
the business for which they were cnir
structed. Tracks have been laid through
two of the tunnels and the others are
ready to receive the rails as soon as the
engineers decide to put them in.
The entire length of embankment h<T»
been built, and all that now remains to
complete the line to Point Richmond Is to
lay some twenty miles of track, which
will be an easy and simple task as soon
as the ground becomes dry and hard
enough to permit of the work being re
sumed.
The construction of the Point Richmond
wharf Is being hurried and a couple of
weeks will witness Its completion.
DESIGN OF WINDOW AND CRYPT IN THE COLUMBARIUM.
AN art treasure has Just been added to the beautiful Columbarium in
Odd Fellows* Cemetery- It is a crypt on the ground floor erected by
Mrs. Douglas T. Cone, a wealthy resident of Red Bluff, and was de
signed by Victor de Prosse, a well-known architect and artist of this
city, who personally supervised its construction.
The window represents Clotho spinning the threads of Immortal life.
The crypt Is of the purest selected California onyx, designed in simple
Renaissance style. It is trimmed with a full relief bronze frieze of antique
design. Angel heads of antique bronze with flower design, interwoven at
both sides of the pilasters, carry the onyx and metal frieze. The front is
faced with an antique bronze panel and btVel plate glass. The top has also
been made of glass to allow the reflection of the beautifully soft colored
lights of the window above into the Interior of the crypt.
The crypt holds a bronze urn which is finished In antique green on the
outside. It stands on a block of beautiful reddish onyx and Is mainly
Baroque In design.
Mr. de Prosse has succeeded in his desire to do away with the gloomy
style which characterizes most burial places, and while there Is dignity in
his whole design it Is also bright with hopefulness.
All the bronze work was modeled, cast and chased In this city and the
onyx work was finished here.
M'CALL PLANS FOR
A NEW CAN FACTORY
HE FINALLY SAYS THE STORY
IS CORRECT.
Beyond This No Information Is Ob
tainable, but Canners Are Keenly
Interested.
The condition of local canners of fruit
and makers of fruit cans appears to be
Improving. Yesterday Mr. McCall of Chi
cago, who represents Eastern capitalists,
acknowledged that he was interested In
the establishment of a new can manu
facturing plant In this city. Further
than this he declined to talk, but gave
out the impression that the deal with
which he was connected had not yet been
completed. He did not know when he
would be ready to give out any additional
facts.
An Interesting story, well authenti
cated. Is that Mr. McCall has, since his
arrival in this city, urged upon canners
of fruit who are not in the canners' com
bine that it would not be wise for them
to make any contracts for their cans for
the coming year until they have heard
what he had to offer. The report is also
out that he said to one concern that the
people whom he represents have already
shipped machinery to be used In the new
can plant, irom the East.
This report Is of special interest to
the local canners who are not in the com
bine, for .the local can-makers have been
about to make contracts with the can
neries for the ensuing term. An odd
feature of the case is that Mr. McCall has
failed to call upon several canners. A
rumor was out last night that a dicker
was under way for the lease of the build
ing formerly occupied by the Pacific Sheet
Metal Works, on Townsend street, for a
new can factory. Interesting develop
ments are expected shortly.
EVELINE MATTHEWS HAS
STRANGELY DISAPPEARED
LEFT A NOTE EXPRESSING HER
REGRET.
Did Not Take Her Wardrobe and Her
Friends Pear She Has Com
mitted Suicide.
S. A. Newman of 1311 Greenwich street
called at the Morgue yesterday and re
ported that Miss_ Eveline Matthews, who
resided on the southeast corner of Hyde
and Green streets, disappeared from home
last Friday and had not been heard from
since. Miss Matthews is 20 years old, five
feet tall and weighs about 125 pounds.
Her hair is red. She wore a black Alpine
hat^a navy blue dress and tan Bhoes. Mr.
Newman requested the Coroner's depu
ties to notify Captain John A. Miller at
202 Market street should her body be
found.
It Is believed that the young woman
has 'made away with herself. She was a
homeless girl, with a drunken father
somewhere in this city, and six months
ago she was taken in and given a home
by Captain and Mrs. Miller. The girl's
conduct was exemplary and the Millers
do not know of any reason why she
should seek to kill herself.
Last Saturday morning she rose at the
usual hour and prepared the breakfast
for the family. That was the last seen of
her by her patrons. She left a note, in
which she stated ¦ that she was going
away, that she regretted being obliged to
do so, and asked them to forgive her.
It was thought at first that the girl had
become involved in a love affair and had
eloped, but when It was discovered that
she had taken away with her only the
clothes she had on and left the remainder
of her wardrobe at home the suspicion
arose that, probably brooding over some
secret trouble, she had committed suicide,
either by drowning herself in the waters
of the bay or by taking poison in some
out of the way place where her body
would not easily be found.
TEN THOUSAND
FOR HIS VOTE
Price Offered a Montana
Legislator.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 22.— The Senate
Committee on Privileges and Elections
held but a brief session to-day on ac
count of the non-appearance of witnesses.
President Smith of the Montana National
Bank and Representative Murray of the
Montana House of Representatives were
the only witnesses on the stand. Smith's
testimony was immaterial. Murray testi
fied that he was offered JlO.OOO to vote for
Senator Clark by persons whom he con
sidered representatives of that gentle
man.
Evidently the purpose of calling Smith
was to show transactions cf the bank in
volving Senator Clark or members of the
last Montana Legislature. Smith could
recall the names of only a few members
who had accounts at the bank last win
ter, and these had, he said, been deposit
ors at the bank for several year?. Neither
Clark nor Wellcome had transacted any
business in the bank during the last ses
sion of the Legislature, except that Clark
had opened an account just prior to the
close of the session. Clark had then given
him a personal check for J.%0.000, and had
never drawn upon the account since.
Smith said that the bank kept no record
of JI'XK) bills passing through it. and he
did not remember giving any out except
in one or two instances, which cases were
not connected with the Legislature or the
Senatorial contest. His bank anil the
hank of Clark & Brother of Butte ex
changed business.
Patrick W. Murray, a member of the
Montana Legislature from Butte. testi
fied that he had several times been ap
proached and his vote solicited for Clark
for Senator. He detailed the particulars
of two interviews with Gallick. a sup
porter of Clark, who had on both occa
sions held up his hands and spread out
his fingers and thumbs, saying that he
(the witness) could have that for his vote
if cast for Clark for Senator. He also
said that George Casey had come to him
to buy a piece of mining ground which
the witness owned, but that the condition
of the f=ale was that he should vote for
Clark for Senator. He had refused all
the propositions because Clark had op
posed the election of the ticket on which
he made the race for the Legislature.
Murray said he had not been employed
by Marcus Dalv for fourteen years and
was under no obligations to that gentle
man, i
At this point the prosecution announced
that it had no more witnesses on hand,
and the committee adjourned until to
morrow. --'.--• ¦
faults ot digestion,
creates rosy cheeks and bright eyes. II CD Y A >T
is for you If you suffer with any of the abovu
symptoms., It will not fall you.
HI'DYAJf la tat sale by Uniyglsts— soc m
package, or six packages for |2 50.
If your drugtrist does not k»«p lIUDTAM,
send direct to the
HUDYAIN REMEDY CO.,
Cor. Stockton. Ellin and Market Streets,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAI*
t CONSULT 1 Consult Freo tho
I FREE. I Hudyan Doctor*. Call
? ?• or writs to them.
Whisky Drummer Battered.
Charles L. Peters, a whisky drummer,
secured a warrant yesterday for the ar
rest of J. B. Moraghan of the California
Market on the charg-e of battery. He
said he was In Moraghan's place Friday
night and was hit on the head with a
club and thrown out. Moraghan sars that
Peters has been bothering him to buy
his whisky and he called Friday night
and raised a disturbance. He waa thrown
out. but no one hit him with a club or
anything else.
dent, W. Winter; corresponding secretary,
H. Ander; financial secretary, Louis N«l
decker; treasurer. "W. Trautsch; 'jsher,
George Buss; board of trustees, Morris
Goosmann, Jacob Bearne and Alfred
Schumann. F. Fohrmann has been ap
pointed collector. The society was orga
nized in 1892 and has a total membership
of ninety-two. Its chief purpose is to aid
its members in securing good positions
without the payment of exorbitant f*es
to professional agents.
uioofli, liliiil \n
Melan* l|jl| tf
cholia. 11| •
All thes* indicate r.ervous ?xhau3t!on. If
your nerves are weak, if they have been over-
taxed, then the mind becomea clouded an 4
such symptoms as the above usually present.
The mind is the great nerv* center of thu
body, therefore one can easily understand how
It becomes implicated.
Other symptoms that serve as a warning to
you that your nervous system is impaired are:
Flic. 1. headache** and dizziness ; Fisr. 2. hiltow
eyes; Fls. 3. ral°ness and emaciation: Fie. 4.
coated tonftue: Flk. Z. palpitation el heart: Flit.
8. impaired dieestion; Flsc. 7. weakness of
limbs. Again, we may have nervousness, loss
of appetite and a t!r«»d and wnrn-out feelinsr.
of Nervous Prostration. As soon as the first
symptom ts observed treatment sfcouM b«
adopted. HUI>YA.\ is the remedy, tar HT'D-
TAN is a positive and permanent cure. lirr>-
VAN ha<» cured thou-
4- ? sands — it will con-
MEN AND tlnue In its aoc.l
WOMEN work. Do not co on
AfIVISFn suffering when a. pos-
¦ enrp ittve cure is withta
rail or Wrlro >GUr r<fach - lll;r> -
cail or write. TAN stren g t }, Ma th .,
S«nd for sample of Phroiio for the com-
plexion. Fhroeo Mfg. Co., Benlcia, Cal. •
EAGLE EVE OF
HEALTH BOARD
ON PATRONAGE
No Position Is to Be
Overlooked.
PLACES IN LEPER HOSPITAL
STEWARD AND DAY WATCHMAN
SLATED TO GO.
Lepers Are Greatly Excited Over a
"Dark Lantern" Decision to Re
appoint a Former Employe
of the Institution.
The lust of patronage is strong with th©
new municipal administration, and espe
cially is this trait manifested in the Board
of Health appointed by Mayor Phelan. In
its extreme anxiety to carry out the ante
election promises made by his Honor it
has even directed Its eagle eye to the
minor positions of steward and day
watchman of the Twenty-sixth street
Leper and Smallpox Hospital, now
held respectively by Thomas Reilly
and Isaac Wallard. The fact that
there are two aggravated cases of
smallpox at the pesthouse, which Is of
course in a state of strict quarantine, does
not deter the new board from making
places whenever it can find them, though
to throw the two employes, Reilly and
Wallard, out npon the community after
having been in close contact with the con
tagion is nothing short of criminal. The
two men also look after the wants of the
lepers now confined in one corner of the
block on which the pesthouse la situated.
The whole place is under strict quaran
tine.
The fiat went forth, however, after a
dark lantern session of the board held in
the othce of Dr. Bazet on Geary street
last Saturday night. The board met to
nx up a slate or a long list of appoint
ments, and Keilly and Wallard, among
others, were selected for official decapita
tion. Their successors are said to be Pat
rick Keating, steward of the hospital dur
ing the Buud administration, ana William
Kuddick, son of Nurse Kuddick, now em
ployed at the institution. At least both ot
these men have been making their open
boasts that they would be appointed to
the places. Keating especially has been
loud in his assertion that he will get his
old place back, and that possibility ha»
caused the determined spurt of opposition
on the part of the leper colony.
Keating made himself so unpopular
when he formerly held the position that
the lepers wrote a communication to
Mayor Phelan requesting him not to dis
charge Reilly, who had been careful of
their comforts and was extremely popu
lar on account of his kindness to them.
The Mayor replied that he would take
the matter under advisement, but the
lepers fear that Keating will be appointed
just the same. Keating recently went out
to the leper hospital and after boasting
of his prospective appointment was round
ly abused by George Pablo, a leper, who
accused him of having absented himself
for three or four days at a time when he
held the position of steward. He left tho
watchmen in charge, and the medicines
were locked up during his absence, so
that the unfortunate lepers were obliged
to go without the remedies necessary in
their unfortunate condition. Pablo also
aacused Keating of other things of a more
or less serious nature and told him that
he and his fellows would do Keating bod
ily harm if he were reappolnted. Keating
was obliged to appeal to Steward Reilly
for protection from the irate Pablo.
Keating's prospective appointment has
thrown the lepers in a state of great ex
citement, and should the programme go
through at the special meeting of the
Healtn Board to be held to-morrow night
there may be interesting developments.
It is understood that Night WatZiman
Welch will remain.
"Lefty" Bannon Insulted.
"Lefty" Bannon, the well-known politi
cian, and Matthew Turrie became excited
in a discussion over the appointment of
a new Chief of Police, at Eighth and Na
toma streets, yesterday while drunk and
started to fight. Policeman. George Tra
cey arrested them before much damage
was done. At the . City Prison, where
they were booked for disturbing the
peace, "Lefty" declared that he had been
COURT NOTES.
Henry Smith, alias Butler,' the colored
man who was arrested by Policeman
King at Ingleside for cruelty to a cot
and fought with the officer,' was, yester
day sentenced by Judge Mogan to nix
months for battery and thirty days for
cruelty.
The case of B. I. Salomon, chief deputy
for Tax Collector Scott,. charged with as
sault to murder by shooting John O'Brien
on January 8. . was ¦ again continued in
Judge Cabanlss' court ¦ yesterday after
noon UU January 30. ,
SKILLED SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
CALIFORNIA'S MOST SUCCESSFUL PHYSICIANS. |
CONSULTATION AND ADVICE FREE. NO INCURABLE CASES TAKEN. |
_-^^gN^^-^* : A BANK DEPOSIT GUARANTEE.
r^f^Jiwf I 9^W \ P ATIEN * TS MAY DEPOSIT THE
/ bS*'^? 1 W ItS <«s^f 1 j3Tf?HD 1 price of a cure In any San Fran-
[ >? I «uL **• I Xm^m I cisco bank, to be paid only after
\ XK l *y'^ A ' A wr§&. / they arc well, or may pay in ,
\. J?J%ix> J3±^£fJi monthly Installments. Prices rea- ;
fi^^^J^SJtt^'ii^fiKijgiak^jjJ-'*™ sonable.' Xo other' doctors will
vis*^ ' ¦'¦ ¦ . make such an offer.
— — : ?- 4--
MMI7VI7DC! JtV €^C\
HQA MflrVpf StrPAt I elevator Hours-s to 5 dan y . |
/rSI lUCtllkeL OUtJt5L ' ENTRANCE Sundays^ to 11. |
' X SAN FRANCISCO. jfcHlKAHljfe. EvetHngn-7 to 8. |
Washington's natural oyster beds have
been ruined.
BRAVERY IS APPRECIATED.
Attorney Arthur Rodgers Sends a
Check to Park Policeman
Kavanaugh.
The courage and coolness displayed by
Park Policeman James H. Kavanaugh
last Thursday in stopping a runaway
team driven by the coachman of Attorney
Arthur Rodgers and probably saving tho
lives of the attorney and his wife and
daughter have been practically appreci-
A letter received by Kavanaugh from
Attorney Rodgers Inclosing a check for
$200 was sent by him to acting Chief Biggy
yesterday to be laid before the Commis
sioners for their assent to its acceptance,
as such is necessary. The letter is as fol
lows:
"I thank you again most cordially for
your heroic assistance in stopping our
runaway team yesterday. I will not at
tempt to multiply words in expressing my
grateful acknowledgments to you, and
while I know that you performed your
duty courageously and directly without
hope of reward, still I trust that you may
be willing to accept the Inclosed check.
If I can be of any service to you it will
afford me the greatest gratification to bo
able to do so at any time. I inclose copy
of a letter just delivered to the Park
Commissioners on your behalf."
WILLING TO ACCOMMODATE.
Colonel Kowalsky Throws Down the
Gauntlet to Attorney, Rosenthal.
The case of Dr. G. A. Danzlger, charged
with battery upon Attorney O. I. Wise in
Justice of the Peace Groezlnger's court
room", was again called in Judge Cabanlsa*
court yesterday. Colonel Kowalsky ap
peared for Danziger and Attorney Rosen
thal for Wise.
Attorney Rosenthal asked for an imme
diate hearing, which wa3 objected to hy
Kowalsky. Rosenthal declared that hl3
.witnesses were being tampered wl f .h.
which was promptly resented by Kowal
sky. There was a sharp passage-at-arms
between the two attorneys, and finally
Kokalsky said:
"We are prepared to try this case in a
dignified and gentlemanly manner, but If
the other side wants a rough-and-tumble
fight we are ready to accommodate
them."
"That will do." said the court. "I want
no rough-and-tumble fight In this court
room. There Is a motion for a continu
ance and I will grant it."
After further discussion it was agreei
to try the case Friday afternoon at 2
o'clock.
Native Sons' Library.
At the semi-annual meeting of the Na
tive Sons' Library and Reading-room As
sociation the following officers were elect
ed to serve for the current term: H. O.
W. Dinkelspiel of Bay City Parlor, chair
man; Fred W. Lees of Yerba Buena Par
lor, vice chairman: H. L. Spauldlng of
Precita Parlor, secretary; L. M. Bannon
of Sequoia Parlor, treasurer, and W. 11.
Stanlels of California Parlor, librarian.
CITY LABORER'S WAGE .
Board of Public Works Cannot Fix
Rates Under the Charter.
The Board of Public Works at its meet
ing yesterday morning discovered that it
has not the power to fix the rate of wages
for day laborers employed by the city.
According to section 1, chapter 2, article
II of the charter that authority still re
mains with the Supervisors.
The board decided to co-operate with
the Lincoln Monument League in the
matter of securing a plat for the erection
r,f a monument to the martyred President.
The board will meet the following com
mittee of the league next Friday after
noon at 2 o'clock: M. M. Estee, W. H. L.
Barnes. Irving M. Scott, C. Mason Klnne,
H. E. Highton and Charles Edelmann.
j. M. Thomas submitted a proposal to
repair and reslate the blackboards in the
public schools and the matter was re
ferred to the Board of Education.
The Sutro Railroad Company filed notice
of its Intention to lay a second track on
Eighth avenue. Deputy Donovan was in
structed to see that the company keeps
within the proper grades and places th«
street In proper condition after the work
is completed.
Is Mrs. M. A. Swift Insane?
Mrs. M. A. Swift, wife of Chaplain
Swift of the Thirteenth Regiment. U. S.
A., was transferred from tho matron's de
partment in the Receiving Hospital yes
tevday morning to the Insane department.
She was Inter examined by the Insanity
Commissioners and their decision will be
given to-day. Chaplain McComber from
the Presidio called at the hospital to see
her yesterday, but she ordered him out.
The case against her for obtaining money
and goods by false pretenses will be called
before Judge Cabanlss this morning.
Decayed Potatoes Condemned.
Chief Market Inspector "Witzemann
yesterday discovered at the Almshouse
thirty sacks of potatoes that were de
cayed and worm-eaten, which he imme
diately condemned and destroyed. The
potatoes had been sent by Wolf & Son.
321 Davis street, but when the matter
was reported to the firm thirty sacks of
good p.otatoes were sent to the institu
tion. Witzemann also condemned eight
cases of decayed salmon in the Overland
warehouse.
FUN FOR THE FOLEYS.
Charged With Disturbing the Peace
of Policeman Morrissey.
Jerry Foley, 622 Mission street, Mamie,
his wife, and his brother Patrick appeared
in Judge Conlan's court yesterday morn
ing on a charge of disturbing the peace,
and Patrick had also a charge of battery
against him.
Policeman J. M. Morrlssey, who lives at
114 Ninth street, testified that he was
awakened early Sunday morning by
shouts and screams at the entrance to his
house. He got out of bed, and dressing
himself went downstairs and found the
Foleys and two or three others there.
They were all under the influence of
liquor. The front door had apparently
been unlocked. He placed the Foleys un
der arrest, and Patrick kicked him two or
three times.
The Foleys explained that they had been
visiting an old friend. Mr. O Brien, on
Mission street, and the "growler was
rushed," but not often. They missed the
last car and walked home. O'Brien per
sisted in following them, and when they
got to Ninth street they slipped into- the
house to get away from the old man. They
denied raising a disturbance.
The Judge dismissed the charge of bat
tery against Patrick, but convicted him
of disturbing the peace. The charge
against Jerry was dismissed, and the
Judge will decide this morning what to do
with Mamie.
IT CREATES A WARM FEELING
of respect between hostess and caller
when he Is attired in immaculate linen,
and his shirt front, collars and cuffs
show the stamp of our perfect laundry
work upon them. No frayed linen, no
streaked shirt front ever loaves this
laundry, but your laundry work is sent
home Just like nev.% U. S. Laundry As-
sociation.
United States Laundry. Offlo*
• 1004 Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
Oakland Office. 514 Eleventh St.
NO CHANGE IN
GRAIN BAG LIMIT
Petitions Denied by the
Prison Directors.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call
SAN QUENTIN PRISON. Jan. 22.— The
regular meeting of the State Board ot
Prison Directors took place here to-day.
The principal business to occupy the
board's attention was the petition of R.
Llchtenberg. a member of the Southern
Pacific Milling Company. Liehtenbejrg
stated that he represented the Interests of
700 farmers throughout the State and that
he wished, on their behalf, to ask the
fcoard to reconsider its action In resolving
to limit the amount of grain bags supplied
to any one farmer to 2000. As his reason
tor this he pointed to the fact that the
law places the limit at 5000 grain bags
and the further cut of 3000 was made at
the instance of the board. The board re
fused to grant the Southern Pacific Mill-
Ing Company's request and the future
price of grain bags will be 5.65 per bag.
and the amount supplied will be limited
to 2000 or less. This practically means
that the board is rejecting 700.0U0 orders.
The farmers find that owing to the limited
profit of 1 cent per bag placed on the
prison product by law they can buy bags
cheaper there than in the open market,
hence the great demand for the output
of San Quentin's jute mill.
Warden M. G. Agulrre presented the
following statement of the grain bags and
jute at present on hand at the prison:
Grain bags on hand. 822,000; carried over
on orders from last year, 416,000; sold
since January 1. 1900. 261,0o0; total sold
awaiting shipment, 677,000; on hand, 145,
000; raw jute on hand in warehouses, 3357
bales which will be sufficient to run the
mills till June 1, 1500; contracted for to
arrive, per British ship Euphrosyne now
loading at Calcutta, 7000 bales.
In the report appended to this statement
it is stated that the new gun post over
looking the jute mills is completed and
ready for occupation. The cost of com
pletion came well within the estimate of
$650 presented to the board.
Since the accident in November work
in the jute mill has been resumed with
a force of 700 men. The output is said to
be larger than It has been In any pre
vious year. The average in January, 1593.
was H.OiK), while this year the average to
date is 12.525. .j, ".
The board will meet on the 3d of next
month at Folsom Prison.
KIDNAPING A SCHOONER.
Part Owner of the Fanny Adele Does
Not Want Her to Go A-Sailing.
A. E. Slade filed a libel yesterday In the
United States District Court against the
schooner Fanny Adele and her owners to
enjoin them from taking the schooner on
a voyage away from the bay of San Fran
cisco without giving him proper security
for the return of the schooner. Slade al
leges that he is the owner of eleven
thirty-seconds of the schooner, and that
A. R'lotum, master and manager, Is pre
paring to take her on a voyage "unknown
to the libelant." The schooner is valued
at $10,500, and Slade's share is alleged to
be $3609 22.
A temporary restraining order was Is
sued.
CAME TO ADJUST MATTERS.
A Committee of Arizona Trainmen
Confer With J, A. Fillmore.
A grievance committee composed of
trainmen employed on the Arizona divis
ion of the Southern Pacific called on J.
A. Fillmore yesterday to lay before him
the troubles that had brought them from
Tucson to this city.
The matters complained of were small
affairs, involving fines and methods of
routine discipline, to which the company's
employes take exception. The committee
was closeted with Mr. Fillmore for the
best part of the day. and when the confer
ence closed most of the differences had
been satisfactorily adjusted.
Epe.e Randolph, division superintendent
of the Southern Pacific in Arizona, came
up with the men to be present at the
meeting and help his company by advis
ing Mr. Fillmore on matters of detail
with which he. as head of the division in
which the trouble arose, was more fa
miliar.
PEACE NOT YET DECLARED.
Chinese Native Sons Resent the State
ments of a Morning Paper.
The contract which is designed to re
store peace in Chinatown is still in
Marysville awaiting the signature of the
president of the Hop Sing Tong. Much
conjecture is expressed as to whether the
reluctant society will consent to any
amicable settlement, and If it should
whether it would be disregarded, as in
the case of the last declaration of truce.
The police are disinclined to believe that
the warring tongs mean to bury the
hatchet, and will still pursue their vigi
lant methods until they are confident that
murdering in Chinatown has become a
thing of the past. Acting Chief of Police
Biggy declares that He proposes to
teach the highbinders a lesson that they
will never forget, and he will not permit
an empty declaration of a truce to
throw him off his guard.
The compact, which will guarantee to
the police that henceforward all tong.«
shall become law-abiding organizations,
has not yet been signed. Negotiation
in the matter is progressing and the po
lice expect good results. A slave girl
named Sing Ho was arrested by Dr.
Gardner in a house on Jackson street last
night and turned over to the. United
States Marshal.
The Chinese Society of Native Sons de
nounces an article which appeared In a
morning paper concerning a circular Is
sued by the Chinese Six Companies in
behalf of its organization a3 a deliberate
misrepresentation. The members claim
that the translation was. not correct and
that the proclamation, instead of being
detrimental to the order, was in favor of
it.
PHELAN CARRIES
THE FIGHT OVER
TO NEXT WEEK
Supervisors' Patron
age His Quarry.
WATER RATES TO BE FIXED
>
D'AXCONA "WANTS MONTHLY
SUPFLY CONTRACTS.
Southern Pacific and Other Corpoaa
tiens and the Poolrooms Receive
Attention From Members
of the Board.
By failing to sign the necessary reso
lutions Mayor Phelan yesterday gained
another week in which to wage his fight
for the absolute control of the patronage
of the Board of Supervisors. The resolu
tion creating the necessary clerkships,
which was passed to print last week, was
yesterday finally passed with no vote
aßainst it. Instead of signing it and
making it operative, however, his Honor
••passed it uj>" and In answer to a point
ed question from Supervisor Reed said
he would sign it to-morrow after It had
come to him in the regular way.
"As it now stands," said Mr. Reed,
"there may be some question over the
ffiirlci of the present force of clerks, as
the T.arter abolished their positions.
Some action should be taken at once."
""As it ttands now," retorted the Mayor,
"the present clerks will get a wnole
month's salary no matter what else hap
pens to them. The resolution will be
Eisned to-morrow or the next day, if
tn^re is no objection."
A resolution by Supervisor D'Ancona,
affecting the purchase of supplies for the
Almshouse, City and County Hospital
and other of the city's charitable institu
tions, created considerable discussion, as
it apparently interfered with contracts
for supplies let by the last board. After
tome argument that point was referred
to the city Attorney tor an opinion and
the resolution passed to print. It pro
vides as follows:
Repaired, That the Board of Health, the
superintendent of the Almshouse, the resident
j bysldaa Ot the City er.d County Hospital and
the chiel emergency surgeon be and are here
ly directed to tile with the clerk of this board
curing the month of February. ISOO. a detailed
statement cf all 6upplies needed for the use
of their respective departments for a period of
one year, said «taiements to include detailed
and sejiarate lists of provisions, liquors, drugs.
dry goods and ali supplies of every kind, char
acter or description necessary for the use of
feald department.
llesolied. That the Board of Health and the
chief emergency surgeon be and are hereby
directed to tile with the clerk of this board
on or before the day of each month a
detailed siatetnent at the supplies needed for
the use ci their resj..ective departments for the
rnunth next succeeding the one In which raid
statements are filed; said monthly statements
to include detailed and separate lists of pru
rtskna. drugs, liquors, dry goods and all sup
pat* <if every kind and description which are
ihmwiq- for tl-.c ute of eaid department for
The rest of the resolution provides that
the Hospital and Health Committee shall
solicit bius monthly tor all supplies, the
contract to be let to the lowest bidder.
The same provisions were ordered with
regard to nun-contract goods, and it is in
this clause that exists the apparent con
flict with the contracts of the last board,
which were let for one year.
A resolution was adopted directing the
clerk of the board to withhold from the
tile lor Tina! passage ail bills or ordinances
of full acceptance of streets where the
contractor has failed to pay the printing
; .'wrges incurred for advertising the work
to l>- accepted, whether performed by pri
vate or public contract.
As a preliminary to fixing the light and
water rates Supervisor Hotaiing offered
the following resolution, which was
adopted:
Whereas. In the important duty imposed
upon the board under the provisions or the
charter of th:s city and county to nx and de
termine by ordinance in the month of Febru
ary of each year, to take effect on the lirst
day of July thereafter, the rates or compen
sat.or. to be collected by any person, company
or corporation in the city and county for the
use -i. i water, heat, light or ;>ower sufpiird
to the city and county, or to the inhabitants
thereof, and to prescribe the Quality of the
rerviee. the members of this board should be
lulij cognizant of all the proceedings and
thocid, in order to arrive at a just determina
t;.r.. ii^ar ail the testimony presented, so as
to nt them respectively to act fairly aJid im
jartialiy as judges. a» the res;>onsibllity and
tnt- power is vested in this board and the meru
ben •hereof: rseretor*.
Itesolved. That this board will meet and re
rolve itsftlf into v. committee of the whole at a
date to be hereafter fixed, to take and con
duct all lßvert:pat;on*. hear all testimony and
consider all matters presented in the matter of
J'.xir.K and determining the rates of compensa
tion io be collected by any person, company or
utaytM atlon in the city and county, for the
u.-e of water, heat, lisht or power supplied to
the city and county <,r the inhabitants thereof.
and to prescribe the quality of the service
:or the year commencing July 1, l&Ou. and all
RstCtacDU and report! that may be filed are
hereby referred to said committee, with in
struction to ascertain from such investigations
the rates to be fixed and determined, and re
l»ort the same during the mr.nth of February,
tLt- provided under the provisions of the charter.
P Supervisor .Tonin offered an ordinance
rohlbiting bookmaking, poolselling or
siting on any contest, and the attend
nce of any person at any place where
• pools are cold or bets made on contests
or contingent issues. The ordinance pro
posed by Mr. Tobin is drawn on the lines
cf the bill proposed at the last session of
the Legislature, which brought a heavy
lobby of professional gamblers to Sacra
mento bent upon its defeat. It is directed
not only against those who sell pools and
••ngage in bookmaking. but as well to
those who buy pools or register bets of
money, or any object representing money
or value, upon any contest or event of
tny description. The ordinance provides
es a penalty a fine of not more than $150
or Imprisonment not to exceed ninety
• days, or both such fine and imprisonment
The ordinance was referred to the Judi
ciary Committee upon Mr. Tobin's request
Dr. D'Ancona reopened the oldtlme
f.ght between the local cemeteries and
their enemies by offering, by request, an
ordinance prohibiting the burial of
bodies within the city limits. Dr. D'An
cona disclaimed all responsibility for the
document and requested that before any
action be taken it be referred to the Ju
diciary and Hospital and Health com
mittees. It was co ordered.
Supervisor Magruire offered the resolu
tion which he announced a week ago
calling upon the Southern Pacific Rail
way to remove all of its tracks from the
north side of Seventeenth street to the
fouthern line of lac county because of
the expiration of its contract. The order
was referred to the Street Committee for
consideration.
A communication from City Attorney
l^ane carried the opinion that the ayes
and noes must be called on all proposi
tions to be voted upon by the board. Ac
cording to Mr. Lane the charter does
away with the old custom of declaring
measures carried when no opposition was
voiced ajrair.st ihr-m. The matter was rc
f«-rrcl to the City Attorney. Jointly with
the Judiciary Committee, for a more lib
eral construction.
l>on the request of Police Commis
sioner Thomas the following ordinance
was passed:
Be it ordained by the people of the City and
County cf San Francisco a* follows:
Sertl. n I. The amount of the bond of the
Oilef of Police of the City and County of Ban
FrmnciFo in hereby fixed at the cum of tv/en
ty-flve th^ufan«l <*:-.CCO dollar?.
fi*ctlr>n 2. This ordinance shall go Into effect
!m mediately.
The. Hospital and Health Committee
was authorized to purchase four horses
for the use cf the Almshouse and two for
the use of the Morgue.
The Judiciary Committee was ordered
to investigate and report on the duties of
star.dinp committees of the board.
The Mayor announceu that he had re
ceived communications from the Audi
tor. County Clork. Recorder. .Treasurer
«nd the Police Courts to the effect that
they ncertod more clerks'. His Honor
raid further that h«» would consider the
matter and 'ft tho twrnrd know nt a fu
ture njrt-tirir what artlon he would take.
"trun down and Insulted" by Tracey.
"I'm a politician," he said, "and I'll have
your star; see?"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, JANUARY 23, 1900.
AN ART TREASURE
GRACES A CEMETERY
M I suffered the tortnren of the damned
with protruding piles brousiit en by constipa-
tion with wMch I was aSlicted for twenty
years. I ran across your CASCARETS in tho
town of Newell. la., and ccrer fouru! anything
to equal them. To-day I am entirely free froa
piles nnd feel liko a newmac."
C H. Keitz, UU Jones St.. Sioux CUy, I*.
VISIT OR JORDAN'S GREAT i
BUSEUH OF ANATOMY*
)L«tJ ¦*¦ * Haiig fr *h * liT, tt ¦! *i i i ij • W l, M
5f The Lar^wt Amtmnicai Museum in th* \
fj>>« SgjTl Specialist ra the Coatb Est. 36 >¦ ;-i: - IV
gS3&I OR..OBDAN-PSIYATE RScASES*
»*^<«*^3 Coj«ilt3tmn fri— *nd *tr-:!y pr>r»:r v .
I j^SiSt Trt irmenc personally w bf Irtter. A A
BWSI H tn * <¦'¦'*•» "erycaviuiutCTtaien. T
r / tit** w, .. f :r n-r-v. puii.<tsui>ni' ti 4
•It j ¦•» itßdMi.t:. MAtLfa pahs. tAT
U lh valuable boot (or mm I i
JOU. JUBDAXACO . 1051 Marfept St.. a F. 9
5CALIPOBNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. Jan. 22.— A. Bergen of
San Francisco Is at the Shoreham; H. Z.
and Seldon Osborne of Los Angeles, who
have been in Washington, and Colonel
John P. Irish will return home to-morrow.
« ? ¦
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
»? ¦ V
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by t>.a
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. \* * \
Yesterday's Insolvent.
Milton Gale riled a petition in Insolv-
ency yesterday in the United States Dis-
trict Court. He resides in San Francisco
and owe.-* $429 tiO. He has no assets.
¦¦ ? ¦
Personally Conducted Excursions
In Improved wlde-vestibuled Pullman tourist
sleeping cars via Santa Fe Route. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany these excur-
sions to look after the welfare of passengers.
To Chlcaco and Kansas City every Sunday,
Wednesday and Friday. To Uoston, Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Louia
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday and
Friday. Ticket of flee, m Market street.
Ladles are jrreatly benefited by the use. of Dr
Sleserfa Angostura Bitters, the renowned
South American tontc.
The Fastest Train Across ths Con-
tinent.
The California Limited. Saat* F» Route.
Connecting train leaves 5 p. m.. Monday.
Wednesday. Friday and Saturday. Finest
equipped train and beat track of any line to
the- Ka*t. Ticket efflce. C 3 Market street.
The man who is frank enough to confess that he
became so exclusively the "propertj'" of a woman
:hat her name became his is very likely to become the
property of somebody else when the demand k made.
Men who have been the property of women arc not
usually clothed with the authority of a Chief of Police.
Oom Paul's grandson-in-law has been captured, to
the great glee of the British. If the capture of th;
old man is. as remote as his relationship to the Brit
ish prize we may expect a very considerable delay in
the game.
The Duke of Marlborough has finally unbended
and will not take his army of servants with him to
South Africa. He has probably reflected that the ac
commodations at the Pretoria racetrack arc^already
overtaxed.
The New York agitation to raise money for the
Uoers has advanced no further than the subscription
of enough money to hire a hall. The Boers, unfor
tunately, will be unable to enjoy the talk.
It may be an endignified position for one of her
quality, but the fact remains that Ladysmith has her
car to the ground listening for sounds of the ap
proach of the relieving force.
.
Things have been in such a filthy condition in
Chinatown for so long a time it is not surprising that
the merchants handle them with tongs
MILITARY RULE IN ALASKA.
BEPORTS from Washington concerning the
creation of a new military department in Alaska
have naturally given rise to a good deal of dis
cussion, both in military and in political circles. The
department is to be placed under command oi
Colonel Randall, who is to be raised to the grade
of brigadier, in order that he may have rank suitable
to the command, and when the plan has been carried
out Alaska wtll be placed under complete military
In some respect? the report is not unexpected.
There is need 01 considerable military force in Alaska,
for the territory « vast, the population contains a
considerable number of lawless adventurers and the
civil authorities are hardly adequate to deal with the
situation. Up to this time the conduct of military af
fairs in the district has been excellent.' AH reports
concerning them, no matter from what source the
reports come, have been highly commendatory of the
manner in which Major Ray, who is now in com
mand, has fulfilled his difficult and arduous duties.
He has maintained order in the district, borne all the
burden of organizing the command during the rush of
gold-seekers and the crowds that have followed them,
and merits the promotion which will doubtless conic
with the erection of the Territory into a military de
partment.
The mam interest in the subject, however, is due to
the belief that military government is to be established
in Alaska by way of making a precedent for similar
governments in Porto Rico and the Philippines. The
Baltimore American, which is usually well informed
of what goes on in Washington, asserts that to be the
case. If it shor'd prove true we will have a very
important issue to face. It is well known the people
of Alaska, as a rule, desire the division of the huge
Territory into two parts and the establishment of a
Territorial form of government in each, as has be-n
done heretofore in the organization of new common
wealths. The proposed military regime will therefore
be in opposition to the wish of the people as well a-,
a radical innovation in our system of government.
It is certain Alaskan affairs will occupy consider
able attention from Congress during the present ses
sion and the full meaning of the new movement in its
military administration will soon be made clear. The
report that it is designed as a precedent for future
colonial governments may be no more than guess
work, but the imperialists have been busy for some
time in endeavoring to devise a form of permanent
sdminirtrstion for the islands they propose to annex
and it is not improbable they have determined to try
the experiment of military rule in Alaska by way of a
test.
HATS FOR TRAVELING.
Of the hats represented the boating hat
Is trimmed with drab taffetas; the other
is of soft velvet, tr'rr.med with a tuft of
black feathers.
Why? Is it because he and his capabilities are well known and approved? No.
The Call ventures to say that. not one of you gentlemen ever knew of his existence be
fore your appointments to the Police Commission were under consideration. He is ut
terly unknown to the vast majority of our citizens. He is young in years and expe
perience. Has any reason been shown why he should be pitchforked into place over the
heads of abler and more experienced men? Let us concede that he has been a fairly
efficient lieutenant. Has he been more than this? Or has he ever, anywhere, under
any circumstances, shown the capabilities which would justify you in placing him in a
position of such vast power for good or evil? We will not even ask you to consider the
pitiful spectacle which he made as a witness before you, but we will ask: What are the
admitted facts in his public career? Two at least:
First — He was dismissed from his position as a guard at San Quentin prison for
insubordination. Does this show a qualification. for discipline and command?
Second — He has been acting as the personal body-guard of A. M. Lawrence,
manager of the Examiner, herein occupying the exalted position left vacant by the mal
odorous Wyatt Earp.
In the light of this last fact we begin to approach the core of the matter. Upon
the appointment of Esola A. M. Lawrence has set his heart. We say A. M. Lawrence,
for the tepid interest ofc. the Examiner's absentee proprietor in things Californian is
scarcely worth noticing. A. M. Lawrence, then, wants Esola for Chief of Police. The
Call has openly charged Mayor Phelan with having been a party to an ante-election con
tract with Lawrence having this end in view. It has declared its willingness to prove
this when called upon, and has invited Mr. Phelan to punish it for libel, if libel it be.
He has shuffled, evaded and taken refuge in cowardly subterfuge, but the fact stands out,
the more clearly disclosed by his conduct, that the gift of the Police Department of San
Francisco to A. M. Lawrence is to be Mr. Phelan'? payment for the Examiner's sup
port. Do you for n moment doubt the truth of this? Ask yourselves why the Examiner
devotes page after page to the espousal of Esola's cause. Is it, think you, a disinterested
support? Consider but for a moment the testimony of Mr. Lawrence given before
you. Ask yourselves why Mr. McEnerney, the regularly retained attorney for the Ex
amirrer, appears as Esola's counsel. Think you. that -Mr. Esola can afford to employ
and pay such talent to advocate his cause?
What, then, does it all mean? Just this: That Esola, an obscure and unproved
man, is to be made Chief of Police of San Francisco by the influence of the Examiner,
manipulated by A. M. Lawrence. Can you face tl\ese facts and blink the conclusion
that the scheme is hot afoot to make the Police Department of San Francisco the tool
and instrument of a designing man, "by merit raised to the bad eminence" of manager
{ of the Examiner?
It seems cruel to*chide Dan Burns for seeking to
control the Police Department. He certainly ought
to know from which direction he may expect the
greatest menace to his interesting operations.
The new Duke of Westminster, now in South
Africa, is undoubtedly, a brave man. He is going to
Lendon to get married.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
CA^ T "7.°- W - W - T - a A -
Cal. The Governor of a State has not the
power to appoint a cadet to either the
United States military or naval academy
A boy who wishes to enter either must
apply to the representative in Contcresa
of the district in which he lives. v - onsre33
A FIRE RECORD— Market Street. City
There was a fire in the St. Ignatius build
ing on the site of the Parrott butldine on
the 27th of May. 1533. There wa£ aRo a"
fire In the building on the 27th of Decem
ber, ISS9. at 10:35 o'clock at night. wh?n
the interior was totally destroyed.
A FENCE-A. C. City.' If the fence
that you complain of is "a nuisance and
a -disgrace" you have your remedy as a
citizen .to make complaint to the proper
CONGRESS AND THE CANAL.
GRATIFYING indeed is the report from Wash
ington that a poll of Congress shows a strong
majority in each House in favor of taking im
mediate action upon the Nicaraguan canal bill with
i out waiting for the Walker Commission to make fur
i ther investigations of the various routes. Our dis
' patches state that in the Senate there are sixty-two in
j favor of acting at once, twenty-three who were non
1 committal, or not canvassed, and only one who de
clared for a waiting policy. In the House there ar<?
I 254 for action, twenty-nine for delay and sixty-seven
j non-committal or not canvassed. Thus there is dis
closed in each House an overwhelming majority m
favor of the bill, and it would appear that at last we
I are about to sec the great enterprise undertaken.
The situation is far brighter than was expected
The appointment of the Walker Commission to in
vestigate not only the Nicaragua but the Panama
route, taken in connection with the extraor
dinary activity of the Panama people 4 in mak
ing a campaign of education in favor of that
route, gave ample reason for fearing that noth
ing would be done at this session. In fact, when
Hepburn in the House and Morgan in the Senate
announced that' they would make strenuous efforts to
{ bring about the enactment of the canal bill at once, it
was believed they were but leaders, of a forlorn hope,
and that the utmost they could do would be to force
Congressmen to go on record either for delay or
against it, and thus enable voters to see who were the
true friends of the measure.
The Hepburn bill provides for a canal to be con
structed by the Government and controlled by the
Government. It appropriates money for the work
and clothes the administration with ample power to
go forward as soon as the necessary diplomatic ar
rangements can be effecteU Of course there will not
6e clear sailing even after the bill is enacted, for much
negotiation will be needed to procure from Costa Rica
and Nicaragua the required rights of way for the
canal and points of vantage for its defense. Still the
passage of the act will be a long step toward the ful
fillment of the project, and for that reason the whoie
country will be gratified when it has been accom
plished.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
"W. I* Woodrow of San Jose la a gaest
at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. L. C. Sanford of Salinas
are at the Occidental.
W. H. Hatton. the Modesto attorney, la
registered at the Lick.
T. S. R. Prentess, a Denver capitalist.
Is registered at the Occidental.
Rev. and Mrs. M. D. "Wilson of San Ma
teo are staying at the Occidental.
George F. Buck, a leading lawyer of
Stockton, is a guest at the Lick.
11. W. Walker, one of the leading mer
chants of Willows. Is a guest at th»
Grand.
C. Morelng, a wealthy cattleman of
Stockton, is at the Lick, accompanied by
his wife.
E. Randolph, superintendent of tha
Southern Pacific at Tucson, Arts., is at
the Palace.
Frank H. Buck, th« Vacavilla trait
grower, is among the recent arrivals at
the Palace. . % .S. :
Rev. 11. Chetwood 13 at the Occidental,
where he arrived yesterday from hl3
home in Pacific Grove.
Dr. W. C. Grove, a prominent medical
man of Modesto, is at the California, ac
companied by his wife.
Mr. and Mrs. F. S. Johnson have come
over from their home In San Rafael and
are staying at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. F. A. Spencer, well known
society people of Portland. Or., are
among the recent arrivals at the Palace.
Can you for a moment doubt but that Esola, owing his official existence to that
man, will in all things do his behest? And have you stopped to consider what that
means? If a guilty man is to be acquitted, at a hint the police force is supine, the wit
nesses are scattered, the evidence lost. More horrible still: Is an innocent man to be
convicted — the tremendous pressure of the police is brought to bear, intimidation, coer
cion and falsification are freely employed, until the harassed victim is worn out in the
struggle against overwhelming odds. Nor are these pictures fanciful. You cannot be
ignorant of the venal part which the Examiner played in the prosecution of Richard
Heath for the murder of McWhirter, and, if by chance you are, ask the first citizen you
meet upon the street and he will tell you the black and infamous' tale. Nor is this all. In
.turning the Police Department over to a newspaper — and such a newspaper — you make
it an engine of oppression to the private citizen. You Frenchify our police system^ not
for the Government, but for a private individual, and the pigeonholes of , the Examiner
will be stuffed with secret dossiers such as cursed France in the Dreyfus case, and these
w ill be used as the interest of A. M. Lawrence may dictate. Can you doubt the use
which will be made of them?
Finally: Is it not apparent to you, as it is to the community at large, that an un
known man like Esola under these circumstances will destroy all confidence in your
department, and excite only fear and distrust? Is it not your plain duty to. ap
point a man of independence, integrity and tried capability, who will owe his place to no
newspaper, politician or schemer, but to you, the appointing power alone?
Bear in mind that The Call advocates the claims of no particular man, but it
speaks for the reputable citizens of San Francisco, and, so speaking, urges with all sol
emnity that 3-911 justify your reputations by naming for this all-important office a man
whose selection will restore the confidence of the people, sadly shattered by the happen
ings of the last few days. Surely in all San Francisco such a man may be found, and
surely he is not to be found in the person of F. L. Esola.
A DEFENSE OF ENGLAND.
The Call does not hold itself responsible for
the opinions published In this column, but
presents them for whatever value they may
have as communications of general interest.
Editor of The Call: Viewing the Eng
lish position in South Africa from the
light the twaddle of "an American Ameri
can" (.save the mark!) sheds upon it in
such sentences as, "England enacts this
wicked tragedy, a crime so appalling, so
reprehensible that words are inadequate
to express the horror and detestation felt
by onlookers, and all for the sake of the
blind and insatiable greed which sur
rounds, permeates and envelops Eng
land like a loathsome malady," one wouU
Imagine that the name of England stood
for everything that is unholy and cor
rupt, whereas, as every fair-minded
man and woman knows, it Is and has
ever been the synonym for liberty, dvMi
zatlon and progress wherever her bright
flag waves. It has been her mission
through the ages to spread the light of
Christianity ana tolerance, and God help
the world should indeed England fall!
The idea of Great Britain, as a nation,
deliberately and In cold blood making war
upon "innocent, puny republics." com
posed of "farmers and shepherds." actu
ated only by motives of avarice and
greed, is so absurd as to be beneath con
tempt.
Further, these same "innocent, puny re
publics" are supposed to "honestly pos
sess that which the greed of the giant
covets." If by an endeavor to annihilate
and enslave the aborigines and seize their
lands the Boer has fulfilled the ideas of
honesty held by "an American Ameri
can." it is regrettable.
These selfsame "innocent farmers and
shepherds" have attempted to do noth
ing toward vindicating their actions in
this respect by helping onward the tri
umphant march of civilization; therefore
the law of "the survival of the fittest"
obtains, and they must make room for
those who will.
It is evident that -Great Britain was far
from anticipating actual warfare with
the so-called South African "republic."
as witnessed by her utter lack of pre
paredness, whereas, on the other hand,
it 1» aleo very evident that the "innocent
farmers and shepherds" have been slowly
but surely making tremendous prepara
tions for years to prevent by armed force
the spread of tolerance and enlighten
ment. In other words, they have been
preparing to drive the British from their
colonies, aided and abetted by Russians.
French, Germans and other individuals
whose sympathies seem to lean toward
ignorance and Intolerance.
As for a certain man (whoso name sug
gests "the other side") in comparing Eng
land to Spain he has either a, sneaking
yearning for sensationalism in his com
position or else decided asinine tendencies
Never were two nations more diametrical
ly opposite in their alms. In their meth
ods. In their motives. What has Spain
done for the world other than foater
bigotry and superstition? What has Eng
land done? Everything that tends to
spiead the light of liberty, and reason,
and. please God, so she will continue to
do till the end of time, pedagogues to the
contrary. It is her destiny, and
that of English-speaking peoples the
world over. Why England Is but doing
to-day in South Africa for her own people
what the United States did in Cuba For
an alien race.
Again, the idea advanced by the man
with the liquid name that the British em
pire Is to fall because her "best and brav
est" go forth to vindicate her honor at
this particular time Is ridiculous on the
face of it. Have they not gone forth
through the centuries? Have they not
fallen by thousands on the plains of In
dla, the deserts of Egypt, amid the hor
rors of the Crimea? And dare anyone
say that England has retrograded one lot
or tittle because of this generous out
pouring of the blood of her sons"
Whether this present war be right or
wrong. England can but blindly do her
part toward working out the destiny of
the English-speaking race. She has al
ways done it well.
San Francisco. 3£ g?£M«3 ° IRU
FOR A VISITOR
FROM KENTUCKY
Mrs. C. Wm. McAree Gives a
Tea In Honor of Mrs.
Hunter.
Mrs. C. William McAfee gave a delight
ful tea on Saturday at her home, 292 X
California street, complimentary to Mrs.
Hunter of Kentuck}-, who- is here on a
visit to her sister. Mrs. Lloyd Tevts.
Only thirty ladies were asked to meet
the Southern visitor, but although tfco
guests were limited in number, elaborate
preparations were made for the affair.
La France roses and violets made very
pretty decorations, and they were used
with a lavish hand. The hours for the
te.i were from 2 till 6. ...
Among those invited to meet Mrs.
Hunter were: Mrs. Creswell, Mrs.
Monroe Salisbury. Mrs. Dr. Mlddleton.
Mrs. Harrington. Miss Throckmorton,
Miss Garber, Mrs. A. M. Parrott. Mrs.
Smedberg, Mrs. Loughborough. Mrs.
Holt, Miss Carrie Gwln and Mrs. Evan J.
Coleman.
THE CIVIL SERVICE
CONTROVERSY
Gco. D. Squires' Reply to H- N»
Clement.
The Call do** not hold Itself responsible for
the opinions published in this column, but
presents them tor wnatever value they may
have as communications of general interest.
Editor of The Call: I beg to apologize
for reviving . the discussion concerning
rivil service reform which raged in your
columns two months ago. While It Is
quite true that the subject is an Impor
tant one— the new charter provisions be
ing an attempt to permanently reform
our politics by withdrawing the public
patronage of the city from the control of
the practical politicians— l am convinced
that no good can come from discussing
Its legal phases In the public press nor
by presenting Its authors with an oppor
tunity to do some ground and lofty tum
bling* explanatory of the lamentable spec
tacle they have made of it.
But being a civil service reformer who
neither seeks an office nor a legal fee, I
am naturally resentful that our tlrst at
tempt to Introduce the merit system into
California should result in bringing the
whole thing Into contempt. Therefore I
have charged Mr. Clement, the avowed
author of the civil service provisions of
the new charter, with Inexcusable negli
gence, and have endeavored to illustrate
to him the inevitable results of his care
lessness. Instead of meeting me with the
humility which becometh a public servant
who has got his constituents into a bad
scrape, he. accuses me. of being a,rrlend
of the "push," and positively declines to
"educate" me in the operation of char
ter civil service reform. I am always
anxious to learn, but 1 fear that I can ob
tain little education from one who re
gards abuse and insinuation as argument,
or who. according to his own averments,
has framed the charter civil service
provisions on the theory that they will
not be resisted by the political machines
and their adherents. m _
My communication of Saturday was in
tended to modestly call your attention to
tne fact that up to date this attempt at
civil service reform has resulted just as
I predicted it would. Mr. Clement said
the "push" would not get in. I told him
they would get in. They are in. I said
the rule prescribing tenure during good
behavior would have to. be abandoned.
Mr. Clement now says he never Intended
to establish any such absurd rule.
Let us see about that. Speaking or the
Supreme Court decisions regarding om
clal tenure, to which I have directed his
attention, he asks: "Do you suppose for
an instant mat the author of the civil
service law was Ignorant of those decis
ions of our Supreme Court?
That is exactly what I suppose, and the
best proof of it is the fact that no pro
vision is made for continuing em
ployes appointed under the. merit system
after the expiration of the term of four
years prescribed by section 16, article XX.
of the constitution. How easy it would
have been to have neutralized this secUon
by requiring the reappointment of ofli
cers who had served faithfully for four
'^YVhen Mr. Clement says that tho force
and value* of civil service reform does not
depend upon life tenure, or tenure dur
ing good behavior, he takes a position
that will be antagonized by every intelli
gent person who has studied the subject.
If the practical politicians aro to be al
lowed to struggle for the places every
four, years instead of every two, of what
avail will merit examinations be? So far
as the new charter system goes, what is
to prevent the "push" combining at an
election and securing the selection of a
Mayor who will appoint a commission
which, through its rules, will let out
every faithful nnd competent employe
and let them in? In other wojds. how la
the local civil service going to be kept
out of politics by the new charter?
The case of Kennedy vs. the Board of
Education, quoted by Mr. Clement, only
affects school teachers. A majority of
the Supremo Court in that case decided
that a person who tenches school does
not hold an "ofllce" within the meaning
of the constitution, but' two Justices dis
sented in opinions in which this doctrine
was vigorously attacked. Indeed. Jus
tice Fox. one of the dissentients, says the
Idea that any person In California can
have a life estate in any public employ
ment is "contrary to the entire spirit and
intent of the constitution and of all the
legislation of the State."
"With all due respect to Mr. Clement I
am of opinion that he never heard of
section 16/ article XX, of the constitu
tion and the court decisions giving it
effect until I called his attention to
them." Had he heard of them it is In
credible that he should have - framed
article XIII of the charter so that the
"push" may' drive a coach and four
through it.
Events having proved that a portion of
my prediction as to the operation of the
merit system under the , charter is true,
and Mr. Clement having : confessed that
the remainder will prove . true, there
seems to be nothing for mo to do except
to hereafter hold my peace. Very re
epectfully, GEORGE D. SQUIRES.
San Francisco. January 22, 1900.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orjteura— VauSevflle.
v & . . . t Tit .& — IS rmTm&leC
Columbia— "A Winter's Tale."
Tivolt— 'The Idol's Eye."
Gr&sd Opera-house— "Q-^eea's Lace Handkerchief.'"
Alh«n:bra— "At Gay Ccney Island."
Alearar— "Lcr3 Chumley."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon asd
evening.
»O!yrr.ri», corner Mason and E:il» streets— Specialties.
Oakiar.d Race Track.— Races. s
TUESDAY - - JANUARY 23, 190 a
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address Ml Ccmmun : cati=ns to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
HttUCJITIO.V OFFICE. .Market find Third. S. P.'
Tt- It-phone .Main ISUS.
EDITORIAL ItOOMS. .. .217 to 221 Stfrfnioa St.
Trlrphone Slain 1574.
Drllrrrrd Tit Carrier". 15 Cent* Per \Veelc
Slnclp Copie*. S tVnt«.
Term* *> > Mall. Inrlmllnc Povtacrrt
PMI.Y CALL, (Inrludlnc k nndor). oa« yrnr..ffl.O(l
I!\ILV CALL (Inrludinc Snnilnr). it month*. . 3.0H
IJtILY (ALL (incladinc Min.lav|. 3 months.. l.'O
DAILY CALL— ll> Mnitl' Month <»."'•
? UJkOAY CALL Oar Vrar ÜB4*
UXEKLV CALL Uic Year 1.00
All postmaster* are anthorlxed to recelre
saburrlptlons.
k ample eopiea nil) be lorrrariled nhrn requested
1 .ihLANU OFFICE 90S Broadiray
C. CCORGB KROGMSSS.
tlanacer Foreign AdrertUinjr. Murqoftfp Dnlld
lax. Chira*©.
SEW YORK CORRESPOICDEVTi
C. C CAItLTO.Y Ilerald Baaare
XXXV YORK RUPUESE*TATrVEi
PEHBT UKESS JR 29 Tribune Uolldtoa
CHICAGO XEWS STAXDSi
Sbrrxnßß Uoatti P. O. >cwi CO.l Great Nortb
«tm lleteli Fremunt Hoa*e: Auditorium Hotel.
JTEW YORK SEV9 STAJfDSi
WaJtorf-AMorin Hotel} A. Brenuino. 81 Cnlon
fqntrn Murray UIII Hotel.
WASHI\GTO?f CD. C.) OFFICE. .Wellington Hotel
J. V. EXGUSH, Correspondent.
tiriA\rj» OFFICES— C 27 Montcromerr. corner of
Clar. open nntll 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes,
open istll OtSO o'clock. G3!» McAllister, open
until 1>.30 o'clock. <H5 Larkln. open nntll
8:3O o'clock. 1941 Mission, open nntll 1O
o'clock. 224*1 Market, corner Sixteenth, open
until tt o'clock. IOJH* Valencia, open nntll 9
o'clock. 100 Eleventh, open nntll 9 o'clock.
KW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky,
open nntll it o'clock.
AN APPEAL TO THE POLICE COMMISSIONERS.
UPON you, Police Commissioners of San Francisco, devolves the extremely im
portant duty of selecting a fitting Chief of the Police Department of our city. You
are men of intelligence, character and standing, and it may be assumed that you
are fully alive to the gravity of your positions.
In this matter, either the full responsibility of selection is yours, or you have con
sented to act as mere puppets at the dictation of the power which appointed you. ' If
the latter is the fact, then you have sacrificed your independence, done violence to your
oaths and outraged your fellow citizens, who have the right to demand that in making
your choice you exercise for them your independent and unbiased judgment',. In this
event words of remonstrance and reason would be utterly wasted.
But. knowing your standing in the community, The Call prefers to believe that
you are independent in fact and upright in intent, and that you would not occupy pub
lic office to serve the ends of any man, nor undertake the performance of a public trust
without the solemn purpose of executing it conscientiously and well.
So believing. The Call invites your attention to certain considerations touching
the proposed appointment of F. L. Esola as Chief of Police of the city and county of
San Francisco. The Call asks you to consider its suggestions in the same dispassionate
spirit in which they are offered, and begs you to remember that in this matter you are
charged with grave judicial powers, and are to a great extent the arbiters of the future
destiny of our city. It will limit its statements to proved or admitted facts, and ask you
to make your determination upon them, and upon them alone.
First, then, who is F. L. Esola? He is a lieutenant of the police force, whom it
is proposed to raise to the head of the department.
SAN FRANCISCO'S POLICE DEAL IS
THE WORST SCANDAL IN HER HISTORY
Scathing Comments Made by the Interior Press on the
Conspirators Who Would Sell the
Department.
Cordelia fS. Ray.
Mayor Phelan of San Francisco seems to be "up rffcalnst It.**' The Call of
last Tuesday devoted a full page in exposing him to having bargained to s?ell the
Police Department to the criminal elements of that city. If the statements made
by The Call are untrue Mayor Phelan has an excellent chance to bring suit for
libel. If he does not do so he is guilty and stands disgraced, which should result
in the forfeiture of his high office. •
'V.';'. " * * *
Stockton Independent.
The Esola incident is a fine opportunity for such Democratic organs as have
been "off" to square themselves with Mr. Phelan and the Examiner. No doubt
longer exists that I'helan is the Democratic warhorse of the State and that the
Examiner is his monitor. Mr. Phelan has run up against an exposure of his
method of trading off the Police Department to Lawrence. It is a body blow for
one who is posing as a political purist. He needs loyal support and valiant de
fenders. It is the first opening for the faction in the Democratic oarty that has
been slurring him to atone for past misdeeds, and consequently the Democratic
press of the State Is crawling up behind leader Phelan. Esola will be selected
as Chief because he was slated and It will be made a party question, a test of
Democratic fidelity.
• • .'•.;-.
St. Helena Sentinel.
A fierce war Is going on In San Francisco over the appointment of Chief of
Police. The Call Tuesday made some very serious charges against the Mayor,
which will cause some bitter feelings in the metropolis. The charges if not true
should be refuted In the courts, as recent laws passed by the Legislature give a
person attacked by a newspaper all the advantage that could be desired. We are
sorry that such a stale of affairs should exist In San Francisco, where the peo
ple have recently adopted a new charter by which it was thought that corrupt
methods would "be Impossible. The Call's charges if true would indicate that
the political methods of San Francisco have not been improved upon.
• • •
Santa Barbara Press.
San Francisco is beginning her career under the new charter, from which so
much was expected, anything but auspiciously. In that city of political infamy
the moat disgraceful scandal in her history is now tearing the metropolis asun
der and exposing a wretched and disgusting condition of municipal affairs. The
leading candidate for Chief of Police is openly accused of Incompetency and dis
honorable discharge from a position of trust formerly held at the San Quentln
prison. Mayor Phelan is publicly branded a felon. In violating the statutes and
selling the position of Chief of Police to the Examiner for political support. The
Call boldly makes the charge, and invites the Mayor to bring suit for libel.
Whether or not one-half of the charges are true, it is evident that the thorough
housecleanlng In progress In San Francisco's City Hall 13 needed; though It
may be inconvenient and uncomfortable for all concerned.
• • . . • ' ;f .
Sonoma Index-Tribune.
Mayor Phelan of San Francisco has evidently had his head turned since as
suming office under the new charter. At a recent banquet, in which he was the
central figure, he defied and reviled the press and said he would lead and the
newspapers could follow. The metropolitan newspapers, if we except the Exam
iner, are up in arms against him. and not without good cause, and we pre
dict that it will not be long before It Joins forces with The Call. Bulletin and
Chronicle In taking some of the conceit out of his Highness. Mayor Phelan
will discover when it Is too late that he has "got his foot in it' in antagonizing
the press of the metropolis, and before the newspapers get through with him
he will realize to his sorrow that he has made the biggest mistake of hU life
in reviling the press, which has made him what he Is to-day.
The San Francisco Call has made and reiterated the charge that Mayor Phe
lan of that city entered Into a corrupt contract prior to the last election with the
purpose of securing support for Ma candidacy, and that under the law ho Is
guilty of a felony. If this accusation be true the Mayor should serve a term in
prison; if it be untrue, Mr. Phelan certainly owes it to himself and to the city
whose executive he is to vindicate his character. Moreover, If he be falsely ac
cused the very nature of 'the case gives him as adequate a remedy as he coutd
desire. If innocent, he has an ample opportunity to obtain the most complete
vindication, and incidentally to punish his accuser. It is simply a question of
fact, and should Mr. Phelan seek to vindicate himself by a libel suit— as The Call
has repeatedly challenged him to do— tne burden would be upon the paper to
prove its charges, not upon Mr. Phelan to show his Innocence.
But Mr. Phelan firmly declines the test. He has issued a partial denial, drag
ging In various extraneous matters, but he refuses to meet his accuser in court
and place upon him the alternative of convicting the Mayor of felony or belr.g
mulcted in damages. It may be said that men are not bound to sue for libel to
defend their reputations. As a general proposition this is true. But when a man
occupying so high an official position as the Mayor of the city of San Francisto
is daily accused of felony, decent regarrl for the people and for the good name of
the city certainly demands that he takf* every possible step to vindicate himself.
Mr Phelan has long posed as a political purist— a man whom the office sought,
the friend and champion of the plain people. He may be all that still. But unleas
he clears himself of these charges th? average citizen will be very apt to regard
him as a thoroughly corrupt politician who has been finally unmasked.
authorities and have the nuisance abated
If it is proved such. ' ;
SHERIFF OF SANTA CLAR.. -J. F..
Hornbrook. Cal. J. II- Lyndon »-3 Sher
iff of Santa Clara County at the
time that James C. Dunham committed
the several murders in that county. May
27, 1535.
ADJUSTER— Brownie. City. A woman
•who seeks a position as adjuster in the
United States Branch Mint must take an
examination in arithmetic, comprising the
addition of whole numbers and decimals
and the eubtraction. multiplication and
division of whole numbers as used in sim
ple problems, and of United States
money; letter writing, penmanship and
copying from plain copy. Application
should be made at the Mint for an ap
plication blank. A common school edu
cation. If the applicant can pass the re
quired examination, is sufficient, as ther*
Is no rule that requires that an applicant
shall be a hish school graduate. The ex
aminations usually takes place In early
spring.
CAR PARE— C. D., City. If two per
sons meet in a street car by chance therw
is no rule that requires that one should
pay for the other. It is common cour
tesy for one friend or acquaintance to of
ft»r to or pay for the other, and It often
happens that the two offer the fare at
the same time. In such a case neither
should try to force the fare on the con
ductor, and thereby attract the attention
of the other passengers, but each shouM
allow the conductor to take the fare from
whichever it is handiest for him to take
It from. If two persons so meet in a car
and one Is a lady friend or acquaintance.
It would not be improper for the ren
tleman to offer to pay the lady's fare,
and it would be extremely rude if she re
fused to allow him to do. so.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, JANUARY 23, 1900.
AUCTION SALES.
By TurVleh R-Jr Co.— This day. at U a. m. and 2 p. in.,
Turkish Kur*. «t 14? Stockton «r«>t.
Py £ulliva:i A Dc.ly* — Tuesday. January 23. at 11 o'clock.
Ecrses, at ISU Mission Ftrert.
By V.m. O. I>evns-Tt.urwlay. January n. at 11 o'clock.
Race H<-Ts«-a. at Oakland K&ce Track.
6
A DAILY HINT FROM PARIS.DIED.
BANDMANN-In thi» city. Janojry 23, 1300.
Juls Bandmann. belored husband of AntonU
V Banamann. and fattier of Charles J. Band-
mann. a native of Hamburg. Germany, aged
74 years and • months.
Withholding a Sailor's Kit.
John Curtln, keeper of a sailor board
ing-house,' was arrested yesterday by
United States Marshal Shine for with
holding the kit of a sailor to enforce the
payment of an alleged board bill. Curtln
was released by United States Court
Commissioner Heacock on giving ball in
the sum of $200. • ¦
For a Monument to
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
HON. M. M. ESTEE will lecture at METRO-
POLITAN TEMPLE, on WEDNESDAY, Jan-
uary 24. on
"EXPANSION— TRUSTS-MONOPOLIES."
Tickets, £5 Cents. Reserved- Seats, 50 Cenu,
Every lady present holding a 50-cent ticket
¦nil! be presented with an artistic lithograph of
Lincoln.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
TONIGHT fcSl~ CTmE
DavJd Bclesco r.nd H*-nry C. de MiUe'e Beau-
tiful Character Play.
LORD CiiUMLEY !
Which Made So Pronounced a Success at the
Lyceum Theater, New York,
BFBT SHOW IN YEARS.
PAPINTA, the Mirror Dancer.
JAMES 0. BARROWS,
Assisted by JOHN A. LANCASTER & CO.,
In "TACTICS." "Best Legitimate Com-
edy Ever on the Orpheum Stage."
EDNA CASPETT MARSHALL & CO. In "Sun-
rhine and Sorrow." a Musical Novelty.
JOSIiI'H NEWMAN, the Stnginif Sonß. Writer,
and a Host of Others. All Scored
nis Hits.
n^eerved Seats. 25c; Lialconr, 10c; Opera
Chairs and T?ox Seats. M>c.
Matinee* Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
TIYOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
"BOOT MON. IT'S NO FAIRY TALE!"
THE GREATEST SENSATION IN YEARS'.:
¦
THE ENORMOUS COMIC OPERA TRIUMPH.
THE IDOL'S EYE.
EVERY EVENING. EVERY EVENING.
MATINEE SATURDAY!
POPULAR PRICE? 25 and 50 cenU
TELEPHONE BUPH S.
(Miamvra-
(THE PEOPLES POPULAR PLAT HOUSE.)
r/fOWE SOUTH 7TO.
TO-NIGHT.
SATURDAY NIGHT LAST PERFORMANCE.
THE EVER POPULAR
AX G/\Y===
CONEY
ISLAND.
. POPULAR PRICES.
Evening, lie, 25c. Ssc. 50c and 75c. Matinee, 15c,
25c. 25c and 10c.
Next Sunday Afternoon a New and Original
Farce Comedy.
HIS BETTER HALF.
Ambulances for the Injured.
Chief Emergency Surgeon BunnMl
reached an agreement yesterday with
acting Chief of Police Biggy by which
police officers in the future will summon
the ambulances of tho Receiving Hos
pital instead of patrol wagons when any
one is injured. As a physician always
accompanies the ambulance, medical and
surgical aid will thus be civen imme
diately.
General Stanton Ill.
OMAHA, Jan. 22.— Brigadier General T.
H. Stanton, U. S. A., retired, formerly
paymaster general of the army and gen
erally known as the "Fighting Pay
master," is lying dangerously ill at his
home in this city. His trouble is a gen
eral breaking down of his system, and is
complicated by grip. He earned his title
of "Fighting Paymaster" by always in
fisting on being transferred to the line
when there was any trouble with the In
dians.
Death of Mrs. Hunter.
Special Dispatch to The Cal
SALINAS, Jan. 22.— Mrs. George Hun
ter, one of the oldest and most respected
women of this county, as well as the pa
rent of one of the most influential fami
lies in Salinas Valley, died at her home
nc-ar this city early this morning. Mrs.
Hunter was born In 1533. She has lived in
California many years.
Jefferson Davis Storts Dead.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. 22.— Jefferson Pavts
Storts. a well-known attorney and'one of
the picturesque characters of St. Louis,
died at the City Hospital to-day of inju
ries received by falling from a street car
ten days ago. He was recently elected a
member of the State Legislature.
?
Death of a Pioneer.
PETALUMA, Jan. 22.— John H. Bailey,
a well-known farmer and pioneer of this
county, passed away at his home near
this city late last night, surrounded by
the -members of hlB family. Deceased
was aged 78 years and a native of Eng
land.
Died on the Train.
Special Dispatch to The Call
PASADENA, Jan. 22.— Ezra Mills, a
wealthy resident of Bridgeport. Conn, de
layed coming to Southern California in
AMUSEMENTS.
JEAN LOUIS ERNEST MEIPSONIER.
tion not held since the days of the old
masters of history, and not excelled even
by them. A stocky man. exceeding short
of stature, an enormous head, full of
wavy, curling hair, a great beard that
reached half-way down to his feet, a
splendid, resolute face — these were the
striking characteristics of the famous
draughtsman, master of detail and com
position, analytical worker and altogether
remarkable maker of pictures. He was a
well-known figure in the streets of Paris,
a potent personality in the art world, and
all in all one of the most wonderful men
of the century.
Meissonier was born at Lyons in ISl.">,
on the 20th of February, but his family
went to Paris when he was 3 years of
age. At the time of his birth his father
was a successful merchant in drugs, but
he shortly met with reverses and was
obliged to practice great economy. The
mother was an artistic woman, said to
have had, in an amateur way, considera.
ble talent, dying, however, when the boy
was but 11 years of age. Thereafter he
went to live with relatives at GrenoMo.
His yearnings for art naturally manifest
ed themselves very early. There Is a
school report In existence, made by ot:e
of the masters of the Lycee Charlemagi>\
where Ernest was a seventh-form boy in
IS21 — he was then 9 years old— wherein
the following observation occurs: "Er
nest has a very marked taste for iraw-
Ins; the very sight of a picture will ofttn
make him neglect his appointed studies.'
But his father had little desire to encour
age the boy. for. like some more modern
parents, the profession of the fine arts
seemed to him to be but trifling at the
best, and he was desirous of bringing
up his son in the drug business, at which
the boy's heart rebelled. In 1532 he was.
In point of fact, apprenticed to a chem
ist. Discontent, if not open rebellion, en
sued, and the boy's father so far relentod
as to give him eight days In which to find
a master who would vouch for his having
ability enough to warrant his parent
starting him on an art career.
Taking such drawings as he had made
in his odd moments, he started In on the
important question to. meet with most
disheartening rebuffs, for the first men
whom he encountered were embittered
souls, of only mediocre i talent, who
cursed the fate that had drawn them Into
art. Finally he found one Jules Potler.
tb whom he showed a drawing and who
immediately consented to take him as a
pupil. For a whole winter he worked
with him. He had an allowance of 10
cents a day for his meals, and he dined
with his father every Wednesday, when
the members of his family met. After a
time Potler, for whom he had done some
drawings that had sold, took him to
Leon Cognlet. who had a class*, and paid
his fees in advance for five months. But
Meissonier had no use for Cogniet. He
saw him twice only and then left the
place. In the salon of 1534 he exhibited
his first picture. It was called "A Visit
to the Burgomaster," and was bought by
the "Societe dcs Amis dcs Arts" for 100
francs, a respectable price in those days.
He had sent one other picture, however,
called "A Little Messenger," which was
rejected and subsequently purchased by
his own father, who now began to have
a fair amount of respect for his son's
talent.
In short, Meissonier's father was now
so impressed that he made him an allow
ance of 100 francs a month with which he
was to go to Rome to study. It wrs ar
ranged that he should stop at Grenoble
on the way to paint two portraits for. his
father. When these were finished the
cholera had broken out and he got no
farther than Lyons, where he stayed a
year. On his return to Paris, although
his father furnished him with a studio,
he had to look about to make a liveli
hood, and so it was he went in for Illus
trative work, wherein he made a remark
able success, his two most important
works being "Paul et Vlrginle" and "La
Chaumiere Indlenne." It will, of course,
be understood that he drew on the block,
and his work created a sensation Imme
diately, since It was quite superior to the
dry, hard and unsympathetic material
that was then being- turned out. These
were In IS3S. He illustrated many other
books, and. having gotten on fairly well,
the same year he married. ;-•..-¦«=
From the beginning of his career Meis
sonler developed" that great attention to
detail that has always been one of hi*
most remarkable characteristics. No prep
aration or study was too severe to enable
him to attain the desired end. He made
the most exhaustive research, pored over
documents in the libraries until his data
¦were lncontestably authentic. One may
see this all through his career. Later,
when he came to paint Napoleon, there
was no detail of the time or the costume
ferino, now at the Luxembourg, Paris
it appeared originally in the salon of IML
Napoleon lll oftt-rins little further military
inspiration, the artist turned to the Little
XS'ii" 110 " 1 he recetv^ hi 3
Three important composition* follower!
w iin lon s i'-tervals. for Metssonter worked
always with great conscientiousness and
let no picture go from his studio until
here was al*oliuely nothing left for him
m? i °.M>ir^. e^c V^- Thest? works ure •en
titled lH)o. "ISoT and "liH," and rep
resent three epochs in the life of the great
general. The "ISO?" la owned by the Met
ropolitan Museum of Art lnVwrork
City, and is the most important of the
!ntT\ V W £? P urcha *T c ' orlfflnally by tho
late A. T. Stewart, the great dry goods
merchant of New l'ork. who paid forte
£52*3 °f fef°W2* lt had wit tn"
artist the labor of nftden years. It i'epre
strits Napoleon I reviewing his troops
2- V^, the . nln f.-h°ur fieht at the battle of
frrirdland. The Twelfth Cuirassiers ar«
cheering their beloved commander. Por
traits or many famous srenerais are given
and the troops are riding through a n>l«i
s£t^«Tj£S KJ-ain. It la a masterpiece 'of
detail, though on so large a scale the gen
eral effect Is not so astonishing aa ia
smaller panels.
In 1555 he painted a famous picture of
a brawl nmonp: snm? cavaliers, called "La
Rixe" (The Quarrel*, which was boueht
by the Queen of England. It in remark
able for its action, its detail and the real
ism of the composition. A list of his pic
tures, however, would fill more than a col
umn of this paper. They are always small
and generally of men in interiors. Occa
sionally he painted out of doors, and hi 3
studies of horses are among the best ever
done, for he made himself complete mas
ter of the animal, familiarizing himself
with the drawing and anatomy until no
one excelled him. During h!3 life h!s pic
tures brought him enormous prices, and
since he has died their value has in
creased. It is no exaggeration to say
that his panels are worth more than their
weight !n gold, though this signifies lit
tle, since they are so small, as a rule.
Little panels on wood, six inches square,
have sold for many thousand dollars at
public auction, and whenever there is
anything by the man announced for sale
there Is always a scramble to obtain pos
session of the picture.
A great German art writer once said of
him:
Precious without originality. Intellljt^nt with
out lmacination. 'lexterrus without verve, tle-
Kant without charm, refined anil subtle without
delicacy, Meissonier ha* all the qualities that
lntore?t and none of thos* that lay hold of
one. He was a painter of a distinctness which
causes astonishment, but' not admiration; not
an artist for epicures, but for those of the sec
ond order, who pay the more highly for works
of art In proportion as they value their artl
flct.
This to a certain extent Is all true. Yet
the man will be accorded a high place
when the perspective of time will permit
an unbiased opinion of his talents. His
drawing was remarkable; his color was
just and attractive: his compositions were
of astonishing completeness, and hia
choice of subject was always interesting.
Surely these are many qualities to en
compass, in one's work, and a man who
possesses so many of them can only be
regarded as a great artist, despite cer
tain lackinffs. for it is given to only a
few to be absolutely perfect in their art.
"A hurrtcaae of hilarity"; "French as ab-
synthf." — Call. . '
"Actins i? unflinchingly pat to the piece";
"Play clever in line and action." — Examiner.
Excruciatingly funny. Uproariously funny.
Ur.qusr-tionably the Greatest French Farce
Evf-r t^en in t^an Francisco.
THE FrtAWLEY COMPANY
Preivr.tini? in the Most Perfect Manner.
"IN PARADISE"
Next Puniay Nipht another Farce from the
French, "TH!-: <~"U<"KOO."
OUR POPULAR FRICES-Evening. 75c. 50c.
25c; Matin*"-. Saturday only. BOc, Isc.
Even- Night (Including Sunday). Matinee Bat
LOUIS JAMES.
KATHRYN KIDDER,
CHARLES B. HAixFORD
And a Company of 37 People.
TO-NIGHT , Also Wednesday. Thursday and
TO-NIGHT | Friday Kigbta,
THE WINTER'S TALE.
Faturday Matlr.«>e "HAMLET"
Saturday Nisrht "MAOIIETH"
Sunday Nipht "OTHELLO"
Next Week— "THE RIVAL?." "JULIUS
CAESAR." etc.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
MEISSONIER'S PLACE IN FRENCH ART
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
THE WORLD'S GREAT ARTISTS.
Contributor* to this course: Dr. John C. Van Dyke. Dr. Russell Sturgts. Dr. A. I*.
Frothingharn Jr.. Arthur Hoeber. Frank Fowler and ethers.
XIII. JEAN LOUIS EBNEST MEIS- I
SONIEIL ¦:-.¦;-:: i
BY ARTHUR HOEBER
It has been given to few painters, to live
to enjoy so magnificent a personal tri- |
umph, to receive so thorough an appreci i- j
tion in their lifetime and to obtain such
Immense sums for their pictures as was
the case with the most distinguished !
genre painter. Meissonier, the wonderful J
French artist, whose death occurred in J
Paris on the 31st cf January, IS3I, at the
age of 76. Revered by his countrymen,
admired by the whole world, patronized
by Kings and Queens, the recipient of all I
the honors in an artistic way that Europe j
has to bestow, receiving for his work j
prices greater than were ever given to !
any other living man, he enjoyed a pusi- 1
of which he clld not make himself com
plete master.
Selling his illustrations for modest sums
he soon began to paint, and so Instant
was his success that in the early fortlei
he was able to purchase a small property
in Polssy. near St. Germain, to which ha
subsequently added until he had a verita
ble domain. From then on he was pros
perous to .a remarkable degree. In duo
course of time he likewise acquired a
house in the Boulevard Malesherhes
in Paris, upon tho decoration and fur
nishing of which he spent immense sums,
practically bankrupting himself. Mels
sonier had always a great passion for sol
diering. He had seen fighting in the bar
ricades in 1818 as a captain of the national
guard, and in IS7I he again volunteered aa
a staff officer. He followed Napoleon IH
to Italy in ISSD, and from this was the be
ginning of the long series of military and
Napoleonic pictures, for it was here that
he obtained his first inspiration. His ini
tial composition was the "Battle of Sot-
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
Free to the
Ruptured.
Dr. W. S. Rice, the Well-Known
Authcrity, Sends a Trial of His
Famous Method Free to All
Anyone Can Now Cure Themselves
at Home Without Pain, Danger,
Operation or an Hour's Loss of
lime From Work. *" -¦ :
To the thousands upon thousands of ruptured
people who are torturir.g themselves with
tru6set- and !n ir.omentary danger of death from
ftrangulation Dr. W. si. Rico, 418 L. Mala
Ftreet, Adams, N.
-^r^~==^- V.. .will send free
i^^i-^-^vSx to aII a trial of
0r r~ \- \ N\ his famous method
;/ I vSA v> that has saved t>o
/ / ?Q V niany lives and
{! i«- \\ made co many
fK^-&3 si -"fiS 11 men. women and
K j£/\S^ &1 It children well and
\ ri _ j- 52*. • j strong and perma-
U -J2^ v - -" ' «C" y / nently cured of old
\ V'-Si'v * jfeJw'Jy' an^ difficult rup-
\'^S^i' ¦k H^ :ur>? - I>o nrJt b«
r ¦$&Mk'>''wL'l iaHL backward about
BriV writing for the
&^,l'?&wfr ST •< free trial. It will
«v>i;-'?<*9r»'*f '^l» &' o cost you nothing
%i?>v2r l> *£-' V.r an< * wl *' enable
V s"w* SOU to 6e * fccw
Vi easily you can cure
m v t<v-wiv your«elf In a very
». iv LTMAA. ehort time without
loetnr an hour from work. Dr. Rice Is deter-
mined that every Buffering man or woman shall
know the wonderful truth that rupture can be
cured and he therefore generously sends, pre-
paid by mail, his method, absolutely free, and
you r«a make a free trial cf It. Write to-day
without fail, as you canact aCord to miss this
free and penerous offer.
Mr. M. K. Lyman, a hlrhly esteemed citizen
of Delray. Fla., eaye: "The Dr. Rice method Is
a remarkable cure. I had an old rupture that
defied everything, but in three wwlj there was
no protrusion and I hare remained sound and
welt ever fince. I heartily recommend Dr. Rice
to every sufferer." Do not fall to write at once
for the Tree trial and thus cure yourself at home
without pain, dancer or detention from the
day's work. Write at ence. Commence now
£n>l beTor* the heavy work of spring begins ycu
trill be cured sound as a dollar.
Write tc Dr. W. ti. Rice. 415 L. Main St..
Adan-js. N. Y. You will never regret having:
done to.
FIRE MARSHAL
INVESTIGATES A
PECULIAR FIRE
Mission Street Saloon
in Flames.
DISCOVERED BY A PASSER-BY
»
IT WAS UNDER THE CHARGE
OF A DEPUTY SHERIFF.
Suspicious Circumstances Connected
With Its Insurance and Sale of
a Half Interest — Believed
to Be Incendiary.
An Incendiary tire j n j Re sa j O on and
lodging house at 527 Mission street short
ly aftvr midnight yesterday morning is
being investigated by Fire Marshal Towe.
A still alarm was turned In to Chemical
Kngine No. 1 and the flames were soon
extinguished. An investigation showed
that a hole had been cut. in the floor of
the saloon close to a partition and the
fire started there. A passer-by hap
pened to see the flames and at once gave
the alarm.
' The saloon and lodging house were oc
! cupied by L. W. Seliner and his son-in-
I law, J. Kohrer. Seliner came from
j Stockton about three months ago. J. J.
j Griffiths, a recent arrival from Sacra-
J memo, wa* induced to give J^X) to Rohrer
j for his half interest in the business, and
j now claims tluit false representations
were made to him to the effect that the
business was paying and there were no
j debts. He says he learned that Seliner
' had been giving men money to spend in
I the saloon so as to carry out the Idea
j that the business was paying. Frank
Martin, a cook, told him he had Been
given money for that purpose, and later
Martin repeated the statement to the
Fire Marshal. The sale to Griffiths was
made through M. Less; a real estate
dealer, and Attorney Nagle. Seliner also
offered to seii his interest to Griffiths for
j:j<)o and Griffiths went to Sacramento to
get the money, but fortunately for him
the transaction was not consummated.
On Saturday the furniture in the lodg
ing-house and in the roar rooms of the
j saloon was attached by the Sheriff to
i satisfy the claims of creditors, and re-
I moved. A Deputy Sheriff was placed in
charge of the premises. On Sunday night
about 8 o'clock he closed the place with a
Sheriff's lock and went away. No one had
access to the premises, and who started
the fire is a mystery.
The Fire Marshal learned that Sellner
had an insurance of $100") on stock and fix
tures in the saloon and on the furniture in
the lodging;-hous<\ which was far in ex
cess of their value. He was also informed
by the Deputy Sheriff that he paw Seliner
sro down to the basement before he left
the place on Sunday nigrht. The Fire Mar
shal sent for Seliner. but he denied the
assertion of the deputy and said he was in
his house at 3CS Sixth street from T p. m.
Sunday nlpht till 8 o'clock yesterday
morning:. He also claimed that he had
spent considerable money in refitting the
saloon and that the transaction with Grif
fiths was legitimate.
"I am satisfied." said the Fire Marshal
yesterday. "that Griffiths hai? been the
victim ot a bunko game, and he oupht to
be thankful that he did not pay the other
S3X*. You could not get a cent from the
insuranoe company, as the policy became
invalid when the property was taken pos
session of by the Sheriff. If I had another
witness who would swear that he saw
you po ilown to the basement Sunday
nieht I would at once arrost you."
Sellner was told to go. but the Investi
gation is not yet concluded. The Fire
Marshal will interview Rohrer. Seliner's
pon-in-la\v. Tho loss was about $25 on the
buildinc an<l about $50 on stock. The stock
was not worth $10rt.
TRICES 15c, 25c. 350. sOc
SATINEE SAIU3DAY AND SUNDAY.
Beats by Phone Main 254.
SHERMAN, CLAY> CO. HALL.
THURSDAY EVENING NEXT!
Fecond Recital of the Illustrious Soprano
Mile. Antoinette TREBtLU.
AN ENTIRELY NEW PROGRAMME.
••II E« Ix>ux. II Est Bon" (Herodiade) (Stir-
F*net). reclt and aria: "Thou Only. Dear One"
dn-crakt: "My Son* Shall Be Thine" tGreie);
"jSolveig* Lied' (Greig); "Caro Nome" (Rlgo-
Ictto) (Verdi); "I Attempt From Love's Blck-
n#*s to Fly" iH. Purrell. 17th century): *'Cha«-
»«ni« de Nos Flaieirs" <J. P. Rameau, 1751);
•Vual Farfalletta Araante" <D. Scarlatti. 1653-
1757); 'Tarantelle" <G. Bizet); "Blondlnl Bella"
«Go«nod>; "Ho Meeso Nuove Corde" <Gounod);
'Chanson de la Promise" «L. Clapisson).
Accompanist. MR. ROBERT CLARENCE
NEWELL.
Final Recital Saturday Afternoon Next. Prices
(1 10 and fl W. Seats -on sale at Sherman &
City* Music Store.
CAUGHT AGAIN.
Jos Nicolai in the Toils for Passing
Counterfeit Money.
Joe Nicolai was arrested In Redding,
Shasta County, last Saturday for passing
fifteen counterfeit 10-cent pieces. Nlcnlai
operated in Redding under an assumed
name, but when he was turned over to
the custody of Secret Service Agent
Hazen he was at once identified.
The prisoner was arrested in Sacramen
to in January. ISK>. for pa:-sir.ff counto'
teit money. He was Indicted by the Fed
eral Grand Jury and tried before a jury
in the United States District Court and
acquitted, his detense being that he dia
not know that the money was bad. On
his next trial Assistant L'nlted States At
torney Banning will prove the prisoner 3
prior arrest for the purpose of showing
that there Is considerable purpose In the
prisoner's assumed ignorance of the dif
ference between good and bad money.
New Tork City
In the Divorce Court.
William S.-Girard of the Southern Pa
cific Company yesterday secured' a di
vorce from his wife. Ada'Girard.on the
ground of desertion. Mrs. Girard Is an
opera singer- of some note, and at the
time the complaint for divorce was filed,
September .2, 1899, was a member of the
De Wolf Hopper Opera Company. Mr.
Girard believes, that she Is now In Lon
don: Decrees of divorce have also been
granted John'Worrall from Ann E. Wor
rall on the ground of desertion and Min
nie Lore from Gaorge. P. Lore on the
ground of neglect. Suits for divorce have
been filed by Laura Barer against Louis
Barer, for .cruelty; Florence A. Daboll
agalnnt Louis B. Daboll for failure to pro
vide; Dollie E. Marlett against Edward
D. Marlett for cruelty; Ada Jennie Haw
ley against Cornelius B. Hawley for de
sertion, and John Charles Vog-et against
Annie Voget for cruelty.
CHARITY WILL GET
HIS VAST ESTATE
Captain Friedman Bequeathed a Large
Sum to the Hebrew
Home.
WHEN the will of Captain J. Friedman, who. died in the Palace Hotel
Sunday morning. Is opene.i It will be found that of an estate valued
at JTTiO.OOO three-quarters has been bequeathed to charity. After be
quests which will, reach an aggregate of $500,000 are paid, the residue
is bequeathed to the Hebrew Home for Aged Disabled. This is a legacy of at
least $200,000. and speaks for the charity and munificence of the dead capi
talist.
Very few conditions are attached to this bequest. Captain' Friedman re
quests that the directors of the Hebrew Home for the Aged Disabled, now
situated at 507 Lombard street, be sold and a handsome home and hospital be
erected, either in San Francisco or San Mateo county. This will no doubt
be done. The testator asks for no special remembrance other than a place t-r
rest his ashes somewhere on the grounds of the new home, with an inscrip
tion as simple and plain as can mark a grave. He also desires to be burled
without formal religious ceremony. -
The will names as executors William Alvord of the California Bank," Ed
ward Lande, attorney, and I. M. Fr«edberg. ' It is a remarkable testament, in
that every eleemosynary Institution of San Francisco Is remembered, and
many In foreign' countries. No .distinction ia made as to race, color or relig
ion. Negro benevolent societies and Chinese charitable organizations are men
tioned as well as the orphan asylums and homes for the aged poor of the
wnite race. /
Ab far as known. Captain Friedman left no relatives, of near or remote
degree. His friends, some of whom have been Intimately associated with
the deceased for the last fifteen years, declare that the captain had not a
relative on earth. The story of a wife by contract marriage Is likewise de
nied, no .mention of this Incident ever having been heard before. To several,
of his close friends Captain Friedman has left legacies of varying amounts.
The big bequest oX $250,000 to the Hebrew Home will make it one of the
wealthiest in the country. Inserted In this part of the will Is a clause of re
quest by the donor, who does not wish the name of the Institution changed
nor any building to be named after him. He says that the Institution Itself
Is a sufficient monument to attest the spirit of charity in which the gift was
made. The will will be filed to-daly. • • • •
After the Theater
Everybody rushes to Zinkand'e, the most popu
lar resort for a late supper. •
AMUSEMENTS.
Death of Dr. Ostrander.
OAKLAND, Jan. 22.— Dr. Jasper A
Ostrander, a member of the well-known
family in Merced County of that name
died to-day at his residence, 875 Filbert
street, from heart disease. The >funpral
will occur from the residence at 1 o'clock
next Wednesday afternoon.
PROFESSOR HAZEN
IS NEAR TO DEATH
Forecaster at the Washington Weath
er Bureau Thrown From His
:i- Bicycle.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 22.-Henry A.
Hazen, professor of meteorology and a
forecaster at the Weather Bureau in this
city, was probably fatally injured to-nignt
by being thrown from his bicycle. Ti:c
accident occurred while the professor was
on his way to the bureau. At the corner
of Sixteenth and M streets he ran into a
colored man, the force of the contact
throwing him from the wheel and pitch
ing him forward on his head. The blow
was a terrific one, the skull being cracke.i
from over the nose to the back of the
head, and causing also a hemorrhage of
the brain. Physicians afterward trephined
the skull and removed a large ciot of
blood from the right side. They say the
injuryis one of the most severe on record
and the chances for, recovery are very n>
mote. vi
Professor Hazen was for some time an
assistant to Professor Loomis of Yalo. but
since' 18S1 has been Identified with the
Government weather service at Washing
ton. Professor Hazen was highly reßarfl
ed as an efficient forecaster. He Is 35
years old.
TEACHERS WIN A SUIT.
Injunction Issued at the Instancs of
Contractor Thomas Dissolved.
Unless the perfection of an appeal has
the effect of a stay of proceedings, pend
ing a motion for 'a rehearing. Auditor
Wells is at liberty to favorably pass upon
the demands of the. teachers and jani
tors against the collateral inheritance tax
fund, recently paid in*o the hands of the
Treasurer. Judge Murasky yesterday dis
solved the preliminary injunction issued
against Auditor Wells at the Instance of
J. M. Thomas, the blackboard maker,
who, as a merchant creditor, sought to
force a division of the fund. In his peti
tion to enjoin Wells, Thomas set up a
compact between the feathers and mer
chant creditors in whicn they agreed to
divide the funds, but Judge Murasky
holds that certain provisions of the agree
ment invalidated it. Hence Auditor Wells
may audit the demands of the teachers
ana janitors, .and the merchants must
await the arrival of new funds or appeal
from Judge Murasky's judgment and try
to force a -compromise with the opposing
claimants.
DEATH OF MRS. J. HENEY.
Aged and Charitable Woman Passes
Quietly Away at Her Home.-
Mrs. Juliana Heney, widow of the late
Richard Heney Sr., passed away at her
residence. 621 Fell street, yesterday after
a short illness. Her death will be regret
ted by all who knew her. During her life
time she was noted for her kindness and
charitable deeds, and those who bene
fited by her goodness will keenly feel her
taking oft.
At the time of her death Mrs. Henty
was nearing her seventy-seventh birth
day. She was a native of Germany and
was the mother of Richard Heney Jr. of
Mountain View, Francis J. Heney of tr.is
city, G. Ben Heney of Tucson, Ariz..- Mrs.
John Haynes and Helena E. and Eliza
beth S. Heney of this city. The funei.Tl
will be held to-morrow at 11 o'clock from
her late residence, 621 Fell street. Inter
ment will be at Mountain View Cemetery,
Oakland.
COKE! COKE!
v. a. McDonald.
TTbDleea> Dealer and Shipper of Coke.
OFFICE, til FOLSOM ST.
JULS BANDMANN
DROPS DEAD IN
HIS BATHROOM
A Well-Known Mer
chant Is Stricken.
Juls Bandmann, the well-known pionf-er
and merchant, dropped dead at his home,
25C0 Van Ness avenue, at 8:45 o'clock last
night. Mr. Bandmann was unusually ro
bust in appearance and enjoyed the b«st
of health, with the exception of an occa
sional attack of dizziness, which he ct
tfibuted to a torpid liver but by no means
regarded seriously. He was in the best of
spirits at dinner time and ate a hearty
meal. It was his custom to take a bnth
before retiring, and he had gone to the
bathroom on the second floor for that pur
pose when the maid servant heard a
heavy fall, and rushing to the room foun'l
Mr. Bandmann gasping on the floor. Mrs.
Bandmann was walking up and down the
sidewalk in front of the house when tne
screams of the servant told her that
something was amiss. Her husband
breathed his last a few seconds after she
reached the scene, not having epoker; a
word after he fell to the floor. Dr. Myers,
the family physician, had been summoned,
but all "was over when he arrived.
Juls Bandmann w.as born in Hamburg,
Germany, July. 24, 1829, his father being
a wealthy merchant in that city. In 1549,
when the rush to the California fields be
gan, young Bandmann was about to start
for the Pacific Coast on a hunting trip.
His-brother suggested that he take along
a shipload of merchandise to pay ex
penses, which he did. The profits on the
first cargo were so enormous that he de
cided to remain in San Francisco for a
year or so. He sent for another ship
load of goods and settled down to busi
ness in earnest. In 1566 he sold all hia
real entate in San Francisco and was
making his final preparations to return
to his native country when he received
a letter from his brother In Hamburg re
questing him to .remain here and take
out patents in this country for the manu
facture of dynamite, then a new dis
covery, in which he was interested. Mr.
Bandmann became the first manufac
turer of high explosives on the coast, and
gradually gave up the idea of returning
to Germany. He continued in business in
this city for nearly half a century, being
senior member of the firm of Bandmann,
Nielsen & Co. until about three or four
years ago, when he retired from active
business, although at the time of his
death he was interested in mines In
Mexico, British Columbia and Nevada
County, this State. Mr. Bandmann was
a member of San Francisco's first Fire
Department and one of the founders of
the original Olympic Club. He was an
athlete and a magnificent specimen of
manhood.
Mr. Bandmann was married in 1563 to
Miss Antonla Pollard, by whom he had
two children. His daughter died several
years ago and Charles J. Bandmann of
this city is the only surviving child. Mrs.
Bandmann has recently recovered from a
protracted illness and the shock of her
husband's death has prostrated her.
Notable Deaths of the Day.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 23, 1900.
DEATH A THIRD TIME
VISITS A BUSINESS FIRM
FOR the third time in two years a
flag was half-masted yesterday r "\TV; >'-'-?>». *
lor the death of a partner over -
the wholesale grocery house of ,- ' ' - .^^^^^^^K
Hooper & Jennings, for George Jen- • ' - VslSlV
nings. the last partner of the house, " fis£ . \ v
was dead at his home at 2273 Fifteenth &$& N i
street. He expired suddenly but not >T. »' ugc.i *»* '•
unexpectedly early Sunday mornlns. , 1 '"
having been ill some time, the cause ' {J x *¥<-'+ , \
being heart disease. Just six monf.is ' 4 "'~^*i£&&£?' 1
earlier his father. Thomas Jennings. ,' ' *"'*V^*«^%-* 1
died from the same disease. Less than $£$%%BsCi ''~ <v
two years .igo Mr. Hooper, another
attended the public schools and then '^^^^^^^^L^M^i^'l^^
studied at both Santa Clara and St. Ig- 'Wlmmflß&b'^ %^&3lB&'* -^ V
natlus colleges. Then he embarked In s^^'
business In the very old house esuab- '"lliiPiliiPK. : dsswfos : ''
Hshed by his father, Thomas Jennings, I^^^M /
many years ago, and continued that ¦*-'
connection until he died. He was a i^^*^S^^^j^^
member of the Native Sons' organiza- ** it 4j^^^pt^^»»'^
tion, of the Olympic Club and the ""asata*.
Young Men's Institute. He also waa runur.v: iPNNIKr'c
an active member of several coramer- GEORGE JENNINGS.
clal organizations of the city. Ho
leaves a widow and two very young children. He was a brother of Super
visor Jennings. The funeral services will take place to-day at 2273 Fifteenth
street, and requiem mass will be celebrated at St. Ignatius Church.
FOURSCORE YEARS OLD
WHEN DEATH CLAIMED HIM
JOSEPH H. MORRISON PASSES
AWAY SUDDENLY.
Deceased Came to This City in 1849
and Was Well and Favorably
Known Among Down
town Merchants.
Joseph H. Morrison, an old and well
known resident of this city, died suddenly
yesterday afternoon while walking down
the stairs of his daughter's residence at
1437 Jackson street. Mr. Morrison was
nearhig his eightieth year when he was
claimed by death and his birthday was to
have been celebrated to-morrow. He was
stricken with apoplexy and died instantly.
About 2 o'clock the old gentleman visit
ed his daughter, who was confined to her
room by illness, and after a half hour's
pleasant chat bade her good-by and start
ed down the staircase. He was half way
down, when he groaned as if in .terrible
agony and fell forward. Relatives came
to his assistance and he was carried to
his bed, but was dead before reaching
there. Strange to relate, Mr. Morrison
had a similar fall In exactly the same
place some lifteen years ago and received
severe injuries, from which, however, he
rapidly recovered. He had been in the
best of health up to the time of his taking
off. but the doctors had often advised his
children to be watchful of him, as old age
was causing a rapid weakening of his con
stitution.
Joseph H. Morrison was born in Lynn,
Mass.. and came to this city in 1849. He
immediately engaged in the draying busi
ness, which he extended until it had as
sumed large proportions. He acquired
quite a competency and retired from busi
ness ten years ago. He was well and fa
vorably known in the downtown whole
sale district and his death will occasion
much regret among the merchants
who knew him in the old days when the
water came up to Montgomery street.
Among his familiars he was known by the
sobriquet of "Honest Joe."
Mr. Morrison's wife died fifteen years
ago. but he leaves several children. His
eldest son, Joseph ,R. Morrison, is secre
tary of the California Glue Works. Sam
uel L. is another son, and his daughters
are Mcs. J. J. Byron, Mrs. Charles Bauer,
Mrs. J. J. Solomon and Miss Fannie Mor
rison. The funeral will take place to
morrow from 1137 Jackson street.
search of health until it was too late. In
company with his niece. Miss Louise B.
Warren, he got as far as San Bernardino,
where he died yesterday morning in his
berth. When the overland reached this
city the remains were removed to an un
dci taking establishment to await orders
from Bridgeport. Mr. Mills had intended
stopping at the Green.
DEATH OF MRS. O'TOOLE.
Was One of the Oldest Residents of
Marin County.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN RAFAEL. Jan. 22.— With the death
of Mrs. Ann O'Toole at the residence of
her grandson. City Attorney Thomas P.
Boyd, this morning Marin has lost an
other resident whose life had become
identified with the growth of the county!
For thirty-seven years Mrs. O'Toole has
made her home here, and when death
called her, at the age of 87, she left many
friends and relatives to mourn her loss.
She was remarkable for her memory. l.*p
to the end the old lady would tell ante
dotes and incidents connected with the
early history of this place, and was a
veritable storehouse of information con
cerning the days of '49.
City Attorney Thomas P. Boyd was
Mrs. O'Tooles grandson, as was City
Clerk Bustin. Miss Margery Boyd, an
other grandchild, is interested in the
school department. • - -^ :
MOSES Y. BEACH DEAD.
Well-Known Journalist Passes Away
at San Diego.
SAX DIEGO, Jan. 22.— Moses Yale
Beach, a journalist well known on this
coast for the past ten years and an edi
torial writer on the Tribune of this city,
died at 3:40 this morning of pulmonary
trouble. He was a native of Connecticut
and the grandson of Moses Yale Beach,
founder of the New York Sun, and had
occupied prominent positions on the staff
of the New York Tribuna and the New
York Graphic previous to coming to this
coast for his health. He was a terse and
forceful writer and had a 1a 1 large circle of
friends. He was 37 years of age.
Apoplexy Proves Fatal.
Special Dispatch to The Call
MARYSVILLE, Jan. 22.— As a result of
a stroke of apoplexy which he suffered
last Wednesday, John Stevenson, the
pioneer contractor and wood and coal
dealer of this city, died last night. The
funeral will take place Wednesday under
the auspices of the Odd Fellows. De
ceased was a native of Cincinnati, Ohio,
and 75 years of ag*.
Ended His Life.
PORTLAND, Jan. 22.— Sidney G. Haw
son of Arlington, Or., a member of the
last Oregon Legislature, committed sui
cide this afternoon in a room at the Es
mond Hotel by shooting himself In the
head. Drink and domestic trouble are
said to have been the cause of the suicide.
Death of Theodore Bacon.
ROCHESTER. N. V.. Jan. 22. -Theodore
Bacon, one of the most prominent law
yers of Western New York, and who was
an independent candidate for Governor
against Theodore Roosevelt in IS9S, died
to-day, aged 65 years.
Miners Killed.
lIOUGHTON. Mich., Jan. 22.— Two
miners named Kratt and Sweet dropped
nearly 2000 feet in D shaft of the Atlantic
mine. Both were horribly mungled and
both leave large families.
Death of a Teacher.
OAKLAND, Jan. 22.— Miss E. Clarissa
Morris, who has for several years been a
teacher in the Prescott School, died last
evening at her home, 7.jG Thirteenth
street. She had been ill for several weeks
Miss Morris was the sister of John E '
Mary X., Letitla and Dr. Thomas Morris'
The funeral arrangements have not yet
been completed.
f > s^^2^^^*^£j^/^^vfrfwT?^^^^^
y*
FR$ H £T\ Psrilr the Blood,
)i v 1 V*k Ccreßiotchca, lm-
811 it ill prove Ccmplexloa.
L. &n tice Yd? 13 ccnt3-15 CCSU.
The Craving for Stimulants.
This question ha« lately attracted a (Treat
deal of attention from th» medical profession.
The use <f stimulants seems, to he Increasing.
This clearly shows an exhausted condition of
the nerves and blood, which may be remedied
only by strengthening tho stomach.
trr's Stomach Bitters will do this for you. It
brlnfra all th» enerpy of a stimulant with' no
injurious effects. It cures dyspepsia, constipa-
tion and nervousness.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
"BEGONE. DULL CARE."
THIS VERY NIGHT,
Strauss' Delightful Comic Opera,
THE QUEEN'S LACE
HANDKERCHIEF!
The rrettiest. Wittiest. Jolliest, Funniest and
Most Enjoyable Entertainment In the City.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
GOOD RESERVED PEAT IN ORCHESTRA.
SATURDAY MATINEE. 25c.
BRANCH TICKET OFFICE-EMPORIUM.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1900 -CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB -1900
January 22 to February ,lo, Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each day.
Kac«* start at !:15 p. m. tharp.
Kerry-boats leave Han Francisco at 12 m. and
12:J0, 1, 1:30, 2, 2:!u and J p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. La?t two cars on train reserved for la-
die* afld their escorts: no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to HheU Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and ISroadwav. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with Kan Pablo avenue cam at Fourteenth
and nroadway. Oakland. These electric cars
Co direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY, Secretary.
7
GEORGE JENNINGS.Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. V. B. it.. Mer-
THE STOCK MARKET.
Securities were dull on the morning session.
Hawaiian Commercial declined to $87 and
Oceanic Steamship advanced to $95.
Business wa» better In the afternoon.
Oceanic sold up to $95 50 and Gas & Electric
was higher at $52i@51 874-
Following is a list of Cripple Creek, Colo.,
mining dividends during the first ten days
of January: Gold Coin. $10,000: Golden Cycle,
$10,000; Gold King, $30,000: Last Dollar, $30.CO0;
LUlie. $11,250; Modoc. $5000; Mary McKlnnie.
$30,000; Portland, $90,0C0; Raven, $10,000; Strong,
$25,000: Vindicator, $50,750; Amazon. $12,000;
total, $314,000.
The Homestake Mining Company has de
clared a regular monthly dividend of 23 centa
for December, payable on January 25; also an
extra dividend of 25 cents payable at the same
time.
The last dividend of the Ontario mine, paid
on January 20, makes the total given to stock
holders $13,617,500.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, January 22—2 p. m .
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
U-S Bonds— Cent L St. P.... — ¦ 5
4s quar coup.. — — Eqult G L Co. 4«.J 5
4s quar reg.... — 114% Mutual L Co.. 134 14^4
4s quar new... — — OG L & H... 434 45
3s quar coup.. 1104 — Pas Gas Imp.. — 46<-j
Miscellaneous- Pac Light Co.. 41 _-
New York Stock Market.
NEW TORK. Jan. 22— The clock market
eho— -ed continued indifference on the part of
th* puW'c and even of professtona! speculators
to-day. Net changes in prices are without any
ri*~Sflcano«» as bearing on the condition of
fou«Sn«"*s or affairs. There was some show
of Mrenirth In the local traction group which
may be attributed to a covering demand from
the short interest. Notwithstanding the better
feeling reported In London on account of pro
k ¦¦ — raid to be making in the accotnpllßh
tnent of the British plan of campaign the
nr.jrliKh financial public showed no disposition
to pay her i>ric»»s for American securities. As
fioon i.c prlc^a were lifted in this market sell-
Ing orders for London account were executed
In the leading international stocks. This
•^emed to discourage any further operations
for a rise and prices drifted back near Satur
day's ckaing l»-vel and oscillated very feebly
from that level for the rest of the day. What
ever «p*culativf> disposition was current seemed
to be divided between the cotton and wheat
markets where there was some show of ani
mation and considerable strength reflected from
foretj— , markets. While the market was thus
listless the undertone we* firm and whatever
l ¦.. * >-' There was was attributed to covering
t>>- a latrpe outstanding short interest. There
— aa n<» further marked change in the rates
Tor money to-day. A further drop In sterling
exchange rates marked the continued relaxa
tion In the money situation abroad as well
_s here. The factors making toward greater
«.r* liable to seem interrupted
et no v»ry distant |>eriod. The money coming
fror- the rub-treasury Is due In part to heavy
disbursements for pension payments, which are
now about completed for the present period.
The deposit of internal revenue collections In
depository banks cannot be Indefinitely pro
longed for lark of government bonds at se
curity. If the drain from the banka Into the
¦üb-treasury by reason of the taking up of
purplus revenues in resumed the present rate
cf return from the Interior will scarcely be
rufneient to offset it. ThU Is a remote con
tingency at present, but It plays some part in
the eluirgishneta of the money market.
The bond market was not so active as during
the latter imrt of last week, but etlll over
shadowed the market for stocks. The forced
liquidation last fall <!ld not at any time affect
the hlch-rrade Investment bonds and they are
not affected by the present upward movement.
Such middle, lower-grade bonds which were
bought to realize on are now in large demand
and art- steadily advancing in price on a large
at*orpt!on. Total sales, par value. $3,180,000.
United States old 4s f registered) declined H
and old <s (coupon) M In the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Share* Closing
cold. bid.
__ AtchUon 13T»
:.:.(. Atrhicon prefd 61
S(iO Haitimore & Ohio .'«'¦;
2nd Canadian Pacific 93%
100 Canada S-iuthern 49%
I.CIO ChM,ai»«"ake & Ohio 30
1,230 «'hlrajro Great Western 13>4
t,6M3 Chicago, liur'.ington & Quincy 122%
300 Chicago Ind & Louisville 15%
Chicairo Ind & Loui«vUle prefd 46
200 Chicago & Eastern Illinois S3
Ohiciiro & Northwwestern 161
J.'-::' Chl^Ko Rock Island &. Pacific ....10*4
*G0 V. C C _. Xt Louis 61
»..".... Colorado Southern 6%
100 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 43>4
143 Ctilcrado 2d prefd IS
b Delaware &. Hudson lli'.i
Cal-st Cab 55..115Ji - |S F G & E.... 61H 62
C C Water 55..106%107% Ean Francisco. 4% 5
Ed L& P 65.. 130 — Stockton Gas.. 13 —
F & Cl Ry 65.. 115 — Insurance—
Geary-st R 6s. — 95 Flrem's Fund. 22o —
H C & S 545.. 10S 111 Bank Stocks—
HC& S 5s UtiVi — Anglo-Cal Ltd. 63 —
L A Ry 65....104V4 — Bank of Cal. -.400 —
LAL Co 55... — — Cal S D & T.. — 98
Do gtnd 65.. — — First Nat10n1..250 —
Do gtnd 55.. — 103 Lon P& A 131 132V4
LA& P R 55.102Vi103 Merchants" Ex — 16
Market-st 65...1254 — Nev Nat 8k... — —
Do Ist m 55..117%115U Savings Banks—
NCN G R 7s. — 103 Ger S & L...1.00 —
NR of Cal 68.112 - Hum S & L.. - -
NR of Cal 53.114 - Mut Say Bk. 40 45
NPCRR6S.IO3 - S F bay L... 500 -
NPC R R 65. 106 — Say & L 50... 724 SO
NC R R 55.. .109 - Sec Say 8k... - -
OGL & H 55.10S 110 Lnlon T C 0... - -
Oak Trans 65.. - 113 Street Railroads-
Oak W Co 55.. 105 1064 California .... - 120
Oceanic SS C0.104%105% Geary-st ...... 50 -
Om CRy 65... - 12S Market-st Ry.. 61 62
P&Clßy6s.. - - OSLtH...:;- 50
Pk _O Ry 6s. - - Presidio •¦•••¦•» ~
Powell-st R «s. - 121 P°5 de , r Stocks—
Sac El G&R5s — 100 California 1m lio
«: vx-vv> v* ii^st E Dvnamlte... So —
1F & Jj/ssf-1164 - Giant Con Co.. 94 95
SRy of Cal 6s. - 109 Vigorit ••¦••••- 2 ~* ~
SPof A 65....11<*411'>% Su X a !l Stc^s—
S P C 6s(l9os).lo9%lloU|Hana P Co.^. .£ .^
SP C 6s(1906).lll — [Haw C&S Co Sb 4 —
S P C 6s(1012). — - I Honokaa S Co. 3^* —
SPCIsc S ss. - - jflutch S PCo. 2R4 27
SPBr 6s 124412S Kllauea SCo. — -7
S V Wat 65. ... 115 - I Makawell SCo 434 -
S V Wat 45.... - 1044 jOnomea b Co.. 2.4 —
SV W 4s(3dm). 102^4 - Paauhau S Co. -.% -**
Stktn Gas 65. .101 105 Miscellaneous ,T a ,,, w
Water Stocks- Al Pack A55n. 1194120
Contra Costa.. 73^ 73 Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Marin County. 50 — Oceanic S Co.. 904 w*
Spring Valley. — 94 Pac A F A.... IT* 24
Gas & Electric— I'ac C Bor Co.. 147 —
Cent Gas Co.. — — J Par Paint Co.. 94 —
Morning Session.
Board— , -«
250 Hana Plantaticn Co • £!,.
10 Hana Plantation Co ' *t *
65 Hawaiian Commercial and Svgar — »; w
40 Oceanic S S Co »- ™
90 Oceanic S S Co *> £j
50 Paauhau S P Co *l 3.4
$2000 S F ie N P Ry bonds J« M
$2000 S F & N P Ry bonds 1" »
$3000 Los Angeles-Paelflc It R bonds 102 25
54000 Spring Valley 6's lla Za
Afternoon Session
25 Ala B sk a a rd plckers' Assn 119 50
100 Equitable Gas * 2°
200 Honokaa 3° "°
50 Hutchinson S P Co 2" •»
$1000 Market Street Ry Ist con s's US 00
10 Oceanic S S Co 9,-> 00
10 Oceanic S, S Co 95 2->
50 Oceanic S S Co *« w
20 Onomea Sugar Co 2i au
75 Paauhau S I' Co 27 37ft
$3000 Park & Cli House 6's 104 50
160 S F Gas & Electric Co 52 00
50 S F Gas & Electric, b 10 32 00
50 S F Gas & Electric 51 87} i
$2000 S P of A bonds HO 50
$1000 S V 4' s, 3d mortgage 102 50
1 Spring Valley Water 93 87»^
5 Spring Valley Water 93 50
2 Spring Valley Water 93 6ZV2
SAN FRANCISCO EXCHANGE BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Packers' Aesn 120 00
25 Contra Costa Water 73 00
100 Equitable Gas 4 87»i
10 Giant Powder 93 50
50 Honokaa Sugar Co, s 20 30 25
10 Oceanic S S Co 94 124
10 Oceanic Steamship Co 94 25
15 S V Water 92 »24
100 Vigorit Powder 2 874
Afternoon Session.
Board-
10 Alaska Packers' Assn 120 00
60 Contra Costa Water 73 124
60 liana Plantation 7 124
30 Hawaiian Commercial 87 00
100 Honokaa. Sugar Co. s 90 30 00
10 Oceanic S S Co 95 00
100 Onomea Sugar Co. s 90 2S 124
50 Paauhau Sugar Co 27 23
23 S V Water 93 50
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornin_ Session.
Board
325 Barker Ranch 1 15
300 Century 1 25
200 Anaconda 1 0")
100 Yukon 145
Afternoon Session.
Board—
200 Anaconda 100
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Momlnr Session.
Board—
200 Burlington 100
150 Horre Oil 3 Hi
10>> National 6 '•>
100 San Luis 5 374
Afternoon Session.
Board-
200 Burlington 1 0O
10) National "60
100 National TOO
150 San Luis 5 124
MINING STOCKS.
Following 1 were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornlnr Session,
100 Alta 03 100 Hale & Norcrs. 40
300 Best & Belcher. 26 4CO Mexican 34
200 Best & Belcher. 25 500 Ophir 71
100 Best & Belcher. 24 COO Potosl 2S
300 Chollar 25 600 Savage 17
100 Chollar 26 400 Sierra Nevada. 49
200 Con Cal & Va,..l 6u 100 Sierra Nevada. 50
200 Crown Point.... 13 tOCO Union Con 31
200 Gould & Curry. 24 1 100 Yellow Jacket.. 23
200 Gould & Curry. 23,
Afternoon Session.
500 Alta C 3 I 200 Justice- 04
HjO Con Cal & Va...l 65 50 Ophir 72
100 Hale & Norcrs.. 41 1 500 Potosl 31
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Mornlnsr Session.
500 Best & Belcher. 2S 600 Ophir 72
2CO Best & Belcher. 27 400 Potosi 29
200 Chollar 27 400 Potosl 30
800 C C & Va 165 300 Potosl 31
100 C C & Va 1674 600 Potosl 33
600 C C & Va....l 624 300 Savage 17
200 Crown Po'.nt .. 12 700 Sierra Nevada. 49
509 Gould & Curry. 24 300 Sierra Nevada. 50
COO Hale & Norcrs. 41 400 Sierra Nevada. 51
100 Mexican 36 j 500 Union Con 32
400 Mexican 35 600 Union Con 31
200 Mexican 34 I 500 Yellow Jacket.. 23
Afternoon Session.
200 Gould & Curry. 24 300 Potosl 31
200 Kentuck 03 300 Utah 04
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. Jan. 22—4 p. m.
Alpha 02 04 Kentuck — 03
Alta 02 04, Lady Wash 02 —
Andes 07 09 ' Mexican 33 35
Belcher 11 12 Occidental IS 20
Best & Belcher 26 27 Ophir 71 72
Bullion 04 05 ' Overman 06 07
Caledonia 60 52iPotosi 31 32
Chollar 27 28 Savage 17 18
Challenge Con. 19 20 Scorpion 02 —
Confidence 65 .63 Peg Belcher 02 03
Con Cal & Va.l 65 170 [Sierra Nevada. 49 51
Con Imperial... — 01 Silver Hill 03 05
Con New York. — C4iSt Louis — 07
Crown Point... 12 13 jStandard —2 95
Exchequer — 02|Syndicate — 05
Gould & Curry- 24 25 Union Con 31 32
Hale & Norcrs. 40 41 Utah 04 03
Julia — 02 Yellow Jacket. 23 24
Justice 02 04.
ARRIVED.
Monday. January 22.
Stmr Pomona. Parsons. 13Vi hours from Eu-
Stmr Greenwood. Faeerlund. IT hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr Leelanaw. Storrs, 33 days fr^m Manila,
via Naeasaki 2* l i days, via Kobe SZH clays.
Stmr Albion, Ericsson. 40 hour 3 from Cres
cent City.
Stmr Scotia, Jacobs. 16 hours from Albion.
Stmr Cleone, Higsins. 17 hours from Caspar.
Stmr Brunswick. Andresen, 32 hours from
RMondo. . -.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Hlnkle. 70 hours from N«w-
Umatllla. Cousins, SO hours from Vic
toria and Pu*et Sound ports.
Stmr Newsboy. Walvl*. 20 hours from Lsal.
Stmr Del Norte. Allen. 51 hours from San
DießO. _
Stmr Empire, Nelson. 5V^ hours from Coos
Br «h!D Clan Graham, Mclntyre. 74 Cays from
Newcastle, NS"VV.
Bark Gatherer. Youngrren. 17 days from, Tir
coma, via Clallam Bay 4 days.
Schr Ralph J Lonj. Islgkelt. 25 day* from
Suislaw River.
Schr Mary Etta. Anderson. 3 days from
Bowena Landlnff.
Schr A 31 Baxter, Marshall, 12 days frota
Ballard.
CLEARED.
Monday. January 22.
Stmr State of California. Ga«e. Astoria:
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, Eureka: Cb as Nel-
Stmr Bonlta, Nicolson. San Pedro: Goodall.
Perkins ft Cb:
Br stmr Alsoa. Hansford, Hongkong-. rl_ Yo
kohama: P M S S Co.
Br stmr Wellington. Salmond. Nanalmo: R
Duns— uir Sons Co.
SAILED.
Monday. January tt.
Stmr North Fork. Bash. Eureka.
Stmr Alcazar. Gunderson. — -.
Stmr San Pedro, Zaddart. San Pedro.
Stmr Sequoia. Thwlnar. Fort Brag*.
Br stmr Wellington. Salmond. Nanalmo.
Br stmr Algoa, Hansford. Yokohama and
Hongkong.
Schr Volante, Ahrens. CoQullle River.
SPOKEN
Per Br ship Clan Graham, from N>w castle.
Aus— D— : 13. lat 24 30 S. lon IS W— Br ship
River Falloch. from Vancouver, for Liverpool:
all well. Dec 22. lat IS 30 S. lon 1~ 58 W. Br
ship Bermuda, from Astoria, for Queenstown:
all well.
Dec 4. lat 14 S. lon 34 W— Br ship Ancor.-,
from Manila, for Boston.
MISCELLANEOUS.
PANAMA— Arrived Jan ft-Haw sttnr Earra
couta. from ChamDerlco. with cargo shitted.
decks swept, bulwarks stove and tails split
and lost.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Jan 22. 10 p m— Weather
foggy: wind SE. velocity 10 miles. .^-/ ¦
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Jan 22— Schr
Corinthian, for San Francisco: achr Bender
Brothers, for San Franc!sco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Jan 23— Stmr Noyo,
h CLALLAM-In bay Jan 22-Bark V!<Sette
from Tacoraa. for San Francisco: Ger bark
Pirat from Port Blakeley. for France: schr
Lizzie Vance, from Seattle, for San Pedro: schr
Wm Renton from Taeom a. for San Pedro; schr
Meteor from Port Luillow. for San. Pertro.
GRAYS HAKBOR- Sailed Jan 21V-Schrs Ida
McKay. Falcon and Laura May. for' San Pedro:
ichr La Glronde. for Redondo: m"hr Reporter
nnd blctn Monitor, for San Francisco; schr
Zamra. for Santa Rosalia: stmr W H Kreu
ger. In tow tvs: Astoria, for San Francises.
Arrived Jan 2ft— Schr North B»nd. henc« Jan
10- schr Dauntless, from Guaymas; schr Nettle
Sundborr. hence Dec 27.
TILLAMOOK— Arrived Jan 19— Stmr Tin*
monk, hence Jan 14.
SEATTLE^ — Sailed Jan 21— Stmr Chas Nelson,
for San Francisco.
Arrived Jan 21— Bark German!*, hence Jan.
J; barJte Shirley, from Skasruay.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Jan 22— Bktn
Katie Flle'icinarer. hence Jan ft.
USAL— Sailed Jan 22— Stmr Point Arena, for
Shoalwater Bay.
COOS BAY— Launched Jan 13— Bktn Joseph
L Erlston.
Arrived Jan 22 — Stmr Arcata. hence Jan 20.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Jan 23— U S stmr
Adams, henc* .
Sailed Jan 22— Schr Admiral, for Port Gam
ble.
EUREKA— SaiIed Jan 22— Strar Samoa, for
San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jan 22— Schr Comet,
from Port Gamble: schr C P Holmes, from Pnrt
Blakeley. Jan CO— Stmr Despatch, from Re
donilo.
Sailed Jan 22— Rtmr Ruth, for Ssin Francisco.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Jan 22-Stmr Geo W Elder,
hence Jan ID.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Jan 23-Schr Ida,
Schanuer," for Pan Francisco.
EASTERN PORT.
REEDY ISLAND— Passed Jan 21— Stmr Trra
waddy. from Philadelphia, for Pan Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS
DOVER— Passed Jan I!V— P.r shti> Port Cale
donia, from Cnleta Buena. for Hamburg. Jon
20— Br ship Lord Elgin, from Antwerp, for San
Francisco.
FALMOUTH— SaiIed Jan 20— Ital bark Mario,
for .
CAPE TOWN— Arrived Jan KV-Br shlo Cam
brian Hlls. hence Oct 31.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 54«4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87%
Sterling Cables — 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight — li
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 174
Fine Silver, per ounce — 69*4
Mexican Dollars. — 4S
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Liverpool and Paris advanced, the
latter rising 50 centimes, owing, according to
Broomhall's cable, to damage to French and
Russian crops by fro6t.
Chicago advanced lc in symDathy with for
eign cables. Corn was V*c higher and Prwi
slcns were strong. Private wires said that It
looked as l f we were to have a bull week. Tlv;
Northwest bought freely, and business In flour
last week was large. The visible supply re
mained about the same. At the close coarse
grains weakened and Wheat showed signs of
reacting. There was some cash demand, but
the timid shorts were well ashore.
In the local market futures advanced and spot
quotations were also higher. Trading in fu
tures was more active than for some time.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 96>.i'g974c; milling,
9S?;c@sl 024.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 74,ooo
ctls.' $100%; 28,000, $100%: 2000, $100%: 16,000.
$1 004. December— 2 Coo. $1 03%: 6000, $1 03%; 4000,
$1 04%; 20,000, $1 044; 2000, $1 04%; 40C0, $1 04%.
Second Session— May— Cooo ctls, $100*4; 4000.
$1 00%: 12,000. $1 004-
Regular Morning Session— May— l2,ooo ctls, $1;
4000. $100%; 10.000. $100H; 2000, $100%.
Afternoon Session— December— 4COo ctls, $104%;
14,000, $1044. May— 4ooo, $100%; 10,000, $1004;
10,000. |1 00%.
BARLEY— The week opened on a dull and
featureless market.
Feed, 75@774c for No. 1 and €s®7;>/4c for oft
grades: Brewing and Shipping grades. So@S74c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— There Is nothing new to report, the
market being extremely dull.
White. $1 10@l 30; Red, $1 074@l £0; Gray.
$1 074« l 174; Black, 974c@$l 074.
CORN— Receipts from the East continue large
and the market is dull. Eastern Wmte is quoted
at 95c©$l 024 per ctl and Eastern Yellow at
$1 05@l 10; mixed, 97Hc@$l 024.
RYE-SIIU 05 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, $t 60©3 73.
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington. $3 40@3 50 per bbl for extra,
$3 25©3 40 for bakers' and $2 25<33 for supernne.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
$3 25 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye Meal.
$2 50; Rice Flour. $7: Cornmeal. $2 50: Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $3 25@3 50: Buckwheat
Flour, $4ff4 25- Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina,
$4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 M; Rolled Oats
(barrels). $6«f7 25; in sacks, $5 75ii?7; Pearl Bar
ley, $5; Split Peas, $5; Greea Peas, $5 50 per
100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
All descriptions remain as previously quoted.
Bran is firm with greatly reduced offerings,
while Hay Is weak and quiet with large re
ceipts.
BRAN— SI 3 60014 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17020 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $14@17 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26@27; Jobbing.
J27 50®28; Cocoanut Cake. $20@21; Cornmeal.
J23&24; Cracked Corn. $23 r.o@2» 50; Mixed Feed.
$15 50- Cottonseed Meal. $28 per ton.
HAY— Wheat, $7 50<gS E0 for common to Rood
and $3ijr9 60 for choice: Wheat and Oat. $703;
Oat, $6 EO@S; Barley. $j@6 60; Alfalfa. $5©S per
ton; compressed. $7®lo per ton. /
STRAW— 2S®SOc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans are no higher, but dealers quote a firm
market. Seeds continue dull and nominal.
BEANS— Bayos. $3 25@3'50; small White. $2 90
©3 10; large White. $2 60<J2 SO: Pinks, $2 500
2 75; Reds. 3 75@4; Blackeye, $4 50©4 75: Butters,
nominal; Lima, $5 10@5 20; Pea, $3^3 25; Red
Kidneys, $4®4 23.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. 3®3Hc: Yellow Mns
tard. 4@44c; Flax, $1 90@2 20: Canary, 84c per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa, 7@
8c; Rape, 24©3 c; Hemp, 4@44c; Timothy, 4
@44c '. . . *
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 5001 90; Green, $1 75
©2 50 cer ctl. ________
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Sellers are trying to obtain higher prices for
Onions, but do not succeed very well. Potatoes
are weak and dull, owing to large arrivals from
the river. Vegetables ;are steady, with ample
supplies of moat klnds.^
POTATOES— Kariy Hose, Ss®9oc; River Reds.'
Ct'@7sc; Burbanks, 50@85c per sack; Salinas
Burbanks, $I©l 25: Oregon Burbanks. 85c@$l 2u,
Sweet Potatoes. $1 60@l 60 for Merced. v
ONIONS— $1 25©l 75 per ctl for all kinds.
VEOETABLES — Green * Peas. 2@sc per lb:
String Beans, 4@7c; Cabbage, 40@50c; Los An
geles Tomatoes. $I@l 75; Egg Plant from Los
Angeles, 10©15 c; Dried Okra. 124 c per lb;
Garlic. 6@7e; Green Peppers from Los Angeles.
'4@sc for Chile and 10c for Bell; Dried Peppers.
8#10c; Carrots. 3lKfT4oc per sack; Los Angeles
Summer Squash, 75c@$l per box; Marrowfat
Squash, $10 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Two cars of Eastern were put on yesterday.
Turkeys continued dull and weak, but other
descriptions were firm.
POULTRY— Live Turheys. ll®l2V4c for Gob
blers and 11R124C for Hens: Dressed Turkeys.
13@15c; Geese, per pair. $1 75<fJ2: Goslings. $1 7a
UZ; Ducks. Hiii fur old and i4'jrf> >or younx:
Hens. $4®5; Young Roosters. $5@5 50; Old
Roosters, $4 50@5: Fryers, $4 6C©5; Broilers, $4
ff4 60 for large and $3@3 60 for small: Pigeons.
$1 25W1 50 per dozen for old and $2 0003 for
squabs.
GAME— Quail. $1250150: Mallard, $3f?4; Can
vasback. $3@4 50; Sprig. $3: Teal. $1 60: Wid
geon, $2: Small Duck. $150; Doves. 75c per
dozen; Hare, $1 60; Rabbits. $1 75@2; Gray
Geese, $3if3 50: White. $1 50; Brant. $1 75^2 50:
Honkers. $5; English Snipe, $2 50@3 per dozen;
Jack Snipe, $1 CO. . : y -
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Dairy Butter is firmer, as It Is In moderate
supply and the demand for It Is good at the
moment. There Is no change In Creamery.
Cheese continues weak and dull.
Store Eggs are still lower, being affected
by Eastern, but the decline In ranch Is ap
parently stayed for the time being and they
are steady, with light receipts.
BL'TTEK-
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. 24@23c; seconds.
2TU.iff?34c
Dairy— Fancy. 22(?!'224c: goctt to choice. 19®
20c: common. 13® 174 c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. ll@HV4c; old.
104 c: Young America, 114@12c; Eastern. 154@
16c: Western, 1340,15 c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 17@lSc for store and 20®
224 c per dozen for ranch. Eastern — Cold stor
age, 15ig174c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Four cars of Oranges were sold at the auc
tion. Fancy large Navels went at $2 30®2 40,
medium sizes at $1 50@2 10, and standards at
65c@$l 25. Seedlings sold at 65c.
Lemons are lower and dull, with free sup
plies. Limes are unchanged. Apples con
tinue plentiful.
DKCIOLOUS FRUITS—
Apples — 3541 05 c per box for common, 75051
for good. $1 25@1 60 for choice.
BERRIES— Cape Cod Cranberries, $4®7; Coos
Bay Cranberries. $1 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 50^2 r>o.
per box: Seedlinjr* 50c@$l 25; Pomelos. $I(S2 50;
Lemons, $1(31 50 for common and $2(32 50 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $4 50®5: Cali
fornia Limes, 2o'' : '3sc; Bananas. $1 75@3 per
bunch; Pineapples. $3 50@4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The demand for Prunes and Peaches has
fallen off considerably, and both are now dull.
The European demand for Prunes was their
salvation this season, for If It had not ex
isted there is no knowing how low prices
would have gone, nor how many hundreds of
cars would have been carried over.
UlXlirlU t'holTS-i'runes, in sacks, 44c for
40-50's, 4@4%c for 50-60's, 34c for 60-70's. 3>4c
for 70-80's. 3c for 80-90's and 2%c for 90-100's.
Apricots, ll@l3c for Royals, 124^16c for Moor
parks and 12@14c for Blenheims; Peaches, 54@
6c for Standards. SViigfiSic for choice and 7@Sc
for fancy: Peeled Peaches. 124®15c; Evaporated
Apples. 6*io74t: Sun-dried. s<gC4c per lb; Nec
tarines, B@9c; Pears. 6©74 c for quarters and
BSICC for halves: Black Figs, 24@34c: White
Figs 4@sc; Bleached Plums, BS9c; Unbleached
Plums. 7@74c for pitted and 14c for unpltted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy., per
lb.. 10c; choice, 9c: standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. 84c; choice. 74c; standard. 64c:
prime. sc; unbleached Sultanas. sc; Seedless,
60-lb boxes. sc; 2-crown loose Muscatels, 54c;
3-crown 6^o; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers,
2-crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2: Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices ere f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 8(j?10c; Walnuts. B@9c for
standards and 9@loc for softshell; Almonds,
liyjfil2c for paper-shell. 9@lCc for soft and 4@
6c for hard shell: Peanuts, s*;@6%c for Eastern
and 5c for California: Brazil Nutß. 74@8c; Fil
berts 12@12»4c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
$4 £o^s.
HONEY— Comb, 114@12c for bright and 104@
lie for light amber: water white extracted, 8c;
light amber extracted. 74@<%c; dark. 64©6 c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24®26c per lb.
Provisions.
Chicago reports a very sArongr provision mar
ket, and this situation continues firm In sym
pathy. Prices unchanged.
CUKED MEATS— Bacon, 9%c per lb for
heavy, 10c for light medium, lie for llgi::.
12c for extra light and 134 c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 124@13c; Califor
nia Hams, nominal: Mess Beef. Jl2 per bbl;
extra Mess, $13: Family. $14: extra Prime Pork.
$14 50; extra clear, $17; Mess, $16; smoked Beef,
lie rer .lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6=ii©7c per lb for
compound and Sc for pure; half-barrels, pure,
SVic; 10-Ih tins. B%c: 5-lb tins. 9c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 7%@7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and flops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
steers. H4c; medium, lie; light. 104 c: Cow
hides, lie; Stacs, 7V£c: Salted Kip. 104 c: Calf,
lie- Dry Hides, sound. lSifflDc; culls and
brands. 15c; Dry Kip and Veal, 17c; Dry Calf.
1S&20C; sheepskins, yearlings. 20@35c each; short
Wool 354i COc each; medium, 70@»v<:; lonj; Wool,
Jl®l 25 each: Horse Hides, salt, $2 25©J 75 for
larce and $1 for small; Colts. w>e-
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 5®34c per lb; No.
2 S4<S-»c; refined. 64c; grease. 2>4®3c.
WOOL—
Fall clip, San Joaquln plains. South
ern 8<310c; Middle County, ll@13c: Humboldt
and Mendocino. 16017 c; Eastern Orecon. 13@16c;
Valley Oregon, lS@2oc: Northern Mountain,
free, ll@14c; Northern Mountain, defective, 10®
lie per lb.
HOPS-7@Hc per_lb :
San Francisco Meat Market.
Small Hogs are quoted higher, being scarce.
Heavy* Hogs are cheaper. Otherwise there is
nothing new.
BEEF— 6%@7Uc per lb for Steers and 6@6\c
for Cows.
VEAL— S@IOc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, S@B4c; ewes, 7%@Sc per
pound.
LAMB- Sprinp. 15c: ypßrlincs, 8ffi!)« per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 5%c for small. syi4?3a;c
for medium and 5®54c for large; stock Hogs
and feeders. s@sVic; dressed Hogs, 7@B4c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7@7Uc; Wool
Bars, 28@30c.
COAL— Cumberland has cgaln advanced.
Quite a fleet of. —?al ships has come In during
the past few days, and their cargoes were
needed, for the local yards had become about
bare. Wellington, J3 per ton;. New Wel
linston, *S; Southtield Wellington. $7 50; Seat
tle. J7; Bryant. $7; Coos Bay. $5 50: Wallsend,
JS; Co-operative Wallsend. JS: Scotch,. ;
Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 50 In sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. »13: Cannel. $11
per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and' $17 In
tacks. •'• •¦";• H*
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5%c: Pow
dered. 5%c; Candy Granulated, SVJc; Dry Gran
ulated, 5%c. Confectioners' A. 5%c; Magnolia
A, 4%c; Extra C. 4%c; Golden C, 44c; bar
rels. l-16c more: half-barrels, ',ie more; boxes.
4c more; 50-lb bags, %c more. No orders
taken for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent.
Dominoes, half-barrels, 5%c; boxes, 6%c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. JANUARY 22.
Flour, ar sks ... 25.604 [Pußar. bbls 70
Wheat, ctls ..... C.llR .Chicory, bbls 13
Barley, ctls 5.670 Eggs, doz 5,5.-,o
Oats, ctls 810 Pelts, bdls 277
Corn, East 1,200 Wool, bags 20
Rye. ctls 930 iSugar. ska 4.000
Butter, ctls ..*.. 193|Beans. sks 1.50!)
Cheese; ctls 50 iPotutoes, sks ... 6,342
Tallow, ctls 220 | Onlons. sks 120
Wine, gals 83,200 Bran, sks -941)
Leather, rolls .... 134 Middlings, sks .. 1,300
Hides, no 272 Hay. tons 67!)
Lime, bb'.s 364lstraw. tons 5
OREGON
Flour, or sks ... S96|Oots. ctls 450
WASHINGTON
Flour, or »ks ... 800 I Flaxseed. sks .... 430
Oats, ctls 240|
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tlJes
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column anil the successive tide* of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the Jay the third time column the third tiJa
and the' last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the sounciines on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
NEW YORK. Jan. 22.— FLOUR— Receipts, 17,
27J barrels; exports. 9391 barrels. Quiet, but
held a shade firmer with wheat, checking de
mand; Minnesota patents. $3 7S<g4: winter pa
tents, *3 50@3-S0; straights, $3 35@3 45.
WHEAT — Receipts, 45.000 bushels; exports,
71,945 bushels. Spot steady; No. 2 red, 74% c
f. o. b. afloat prompt; No. 2 red elevator, 7S%c.
Options opened strong on higher cables, good
foreign and domestic buying and absence of
offerings. They continued firm, supported by
a small visible supply Increase until the last
hour, when realizing developed and brought a
reaction, closing steady at %c net advance.
March closed at 73?iiC. May. 72%@73 5-16 c, closed
72*ic: July closed 72T»c.
HOPS— Quiet
HlDES— Steady.
LEATHER— Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— The market for coffee options
closed barely steady at 15@25 points net lower.
Total sales 23,750 bags. Including: February.
$7: March. $6 50<g6 93; April, $7 05; May, »7 050
7 20; July. $7 10@7 15: September. »7 23@7 40;
October, $7 25@7 35; November. $7 25; Decem
ber. $7 45rg7 50". Spot Coffee— Rio. nominally
lower; No. 7 Invoice. SUe: No. 7 jobbing, &%c;
mild quieter; Cordova. B%@l2?ic.
SUGAR— Raw, strong; no sellers; molasses
sugar, 3%c; refined firm, but quiet: mold
A. 5.40 c; standard A, 4.?5c; confectioners' A,
4.95 c; cut loaf. 5.55 c; cubes, 5.30 c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 7750 packages: steady:
June creamery, 2<i i a234c; Western creamery. 21
Ig2se: factory, 16@2Cc.
EGGS— Receipts. 5555 packages: firm: West
ern 21c, loss off; Western ungraded at mark,
141513 c.
DRIED FRUITS
There was a good business reported for prime
evaporated apples to-day. The market was
firm, with rrlces slightly higher on account of
export Inquiry and favorable country reports.
California dried fruits dull, but steady.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
efi6»ic; prime. 7@7V«c; choice, 7*4 <gSc; fancy.
S4'g«c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 34® Bc per
pound.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 13i?T15c; Moorpark, la^lfe.
PEACHES— PeeIed, 20@23c; unpeeled, 74510 c
Chicago Grain Market.
Sun rises ' Z2
Sun sets A'A;'"
Moon rises (third quarter) — 0:93 a. m.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coa3t and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
" Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
VOTF^ The hleh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) a bout
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Charters.
The Et. FrancJ. loads sugar at Hawaiian
If'.anfis for Delaware Ureakwater, J6-2SC lesa
direct.
The Cardigan Castle load? redwood at Eu
reka for Sydney: Ccrypbene, coal at Departure
Bay for Honolulu.
The Roby is chartered for wheat to Europe.
Wheat charters prior to arrival are the Clan
Graham. 32s 6d; General Gordon, aame voyage,
iirfvatf-; Ke'.burn. 3Ss 6d. .
The Aristidea was chartered prior to arriva,
for wheat. Cour or merchandise for London
direct. 355.
New York Dried Fruit Market
The New York Commercial say.:
"The prune situation Is unchanged. There
is plenty of small buying, but the large orders
exp*>ctf<s at this season have not Appeared,
and there are no present Indications leading j
one to think they will come Jor some time yet. 1
Holders en the Coast are firm, and refuse to
consider anything but a 3»»c basis In bags
lor the four sires, or 3c if they are permitted ]
to put in a <juatit!ty Of «J-£0». It is expected (
that sales will be large later. It would only
take email concessions on both sides to liven 1
ui> trade and brUig big orders.
•'I'eaehee appear to be quiet again, after a
tew days of brisk buying, chiefly for Phila
delphia and Western markets. It Is prob
able that a considerable proportion of those
left in first hands passed to jobbers or specu
lators last u«*?k, but this is unconfirmed and
may possibly be only a rumor.
•'Raisins are Lncii£.r.ged. Trade is email
and price* barely nominal. Seeders are taking j
a few. but the quantity is too email to exert '
any influence on the market. Foreign goods ;
are dull and buying limited to small consump- |
tive orders. Holders are firm in their views |
and reius*? to make concessions, though a
Blight reduction in price would cause heavy
buying."
Weather Report.
Pr.loth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 22. 5 p. re.
lUowlax are the seasonal rainfalls to
c as compared with those <jn same date last
!¦»•...-.•.. and rainfall in last £4 hours:
fLast ThU Last
Stations— 24 hours. »eaeon. season.
Eu ,eka 0.00 33.20 17.CS
Red Bluff O.W 14.77 13.12
Sacramento O.W 13.33 7.bj
San Francisco 0.00 14. 3S 7.67
Fresno 0.00 6.12 3:54
Independence 0.00 208 I.la
Saa Luis Obispo O.uO 12.41 6.57
I,* Angeles O.uO 4.57 2.*4
San Diego 0.00 2.60 5.43
Vuma 0.00 C.66 1.33
6an Francisco <I*ua— Maximum temperature.
60: minimum. 42; mean. 46.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure ha? fallen rapidly on the coast
of Cape Blanco. A ttorm 01 some energy ap
pears to be moving in from the North Pacific,
«jid there are indications of a southerly exten
sion aionc the. coast to Car>e Mendocino and
even further south. An area of high pressure
overlies Itah. Colorado and New Mexico.
The temc*ratur» has remained nearly sta
tionary v.est of the Kocky Mountains, except
along tr.e Sierra*, where there has been a rise
Ralnlall of 1:35 lnche« Is reported at Neah
Bay.
A mnilsrara wind velocitr of 30 miles per
hour from the fouth i» reported at Astoria.
The river at Sacramento is 23 9 feet and fall-
Sootheast etorm signals are displayed from
San Francisco to Eureka, and advisory mes
eases have been sent to stations on the southern
coast.
For*caat made at San Francisco for 30 noun
ending midnight January S3. 1300: •
Northern California— Cloudy, probably rain
Tuesday; frwh southeasterly winds, high on the
coast.
Southern California — Cloudy Tuesday, threat
ening Tuesday Dl<ttt; northerly, changing to
•outhesFterly wind*.
Nevada— Cloudy Tuesday, probably rain In
«xtrenif northern portion.
Utah— Cloudy; warmer Tuesday.
Arizona— Fair Tuesday.
Kan Francicco and vicinity— Cloudy Tuesday,
probably rain; brisk Foutheast winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Silver considerably higher. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat advanced all over the world. Barley dull.
Oals. Corn and Rye dull and unchanged.
Bran firm and Hay weak with free arrivals.
Beans firmly held, but no higher. Seeds dull.
Potatoes dull and weak. Onions firm. Vegetables steady.
Dairy Butter firmer. Creamery unchanged. Cheese weak.
Store Eggs lozcer, but ranch unchanged.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry arrived. Game lower.
Oranges went rather lower at the auction. Lemons declined.
Provisions strong in the West and firm here.
Small Hogs higher end scarce. Large Hogs easy.
Cumberland Coal advanced again.
Prunes and Peaches quieter.
Continued on Page Eleven.
TO SAIL.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Mar. May.
Opening 5 BM, 6 8%
Closing 5 9 6 8%
PARIS.
Wheat— Jan. Mar.-June.
Opening 18 50 19 50
Cloßlng 18 85 20 00
. Flour-
Opening 24 60
Closing 24 90 26 05
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Jan. 22.— CATTLE— Good to choice
fat steers. 13c to 25c higher: medium and In
ferior Krades. 10c to 15c higher; Texans gener
ally 10c higher; cows and heifers, 10c to 15c
higher; canners steady; general market closed
easier. Strictly choice quotable up to $8 50; good
to cliolce, J5 25®6 25; poor- to medium. {4 10@5;
mixed stockers. S3 25®3 SO; selected ' feeders.
J4 20@4 90; good to choice cows, (3 GOtgt 60; heif
ers. :3 50; canners, 12 20if?2 90; bulls, $2 75@4 50;
calves. $4 6057 75; fed Texas beeves, J4@s.
HOGS— Market 5c to 10c higher; closed wftak;
fair clearance. Mixed and butchers, {4 55@4 85;
good to choice, heavy, $4 10(ijP4 85; rough heavy,
$4 5594 65; light, $4 55@4 72V&; bulk of sales.
J4 GS©4 75. .
SHEEP— Strong; lnmbu, 10c to 15c net higher.
Native wethers, U Co@s; lambs, $4 75@S 40;
TO ARRIVE.
Foreign Futures.
Steamer Movements.
CHICAGO. Jan. 22.— The advance In the Paris
market (equal to 2<S2%c per pound) founded on
additional reports of damage to both French
and Russian crops, while the prime factor in
a strong wheat market here, was not the only
Influence. Liverpool was also strong, sup
ported by the decrease on passage and In
the world's shipments, and It was rumored that
wheat would have to be Imported to relieve
the famine In India. Whtat opened %@%c
over Saturday, at 664^ 66%c, and advanced on
a good demand to 67®67%c, with foreigners
the principal buyers. On free realizing of
profits by traders the advance was lost. May
sinking to 66% c. May closed firm, %c over
Saturday at 66% c.
The corn market, after a degree of firmness
occasioned by the strength" of wheat, the
steadiness of cables, the amallners of offerings
from first hands and the fact that the Gov
ernment figures were not as bearish as ex
pected, turned tall and closed weak, very close
to the bottom. May closed %c under Saturday
at 33@33%c. '•¦-:¦.-.¦: ¦.-.¦ ; '-"¦ '-.¦'¦ '-, "-
The oats market was neglected and quiet
and mustered no strength even when corn and
wheat showed gains. May closed %@Uc de
pressed at 234 c.
• The provision market was firm early on re
ceipts of hogs under the estimate and the fact
that last week's receipts of hogs averaged
five pounds less than the average the previous
week, but as offerings later came with liber
ality from Influential sources the advance was
lott. May pork closed a shade over Saturday
at JlO 85@10 874; May lard a shade down at
$6 024, and May ribs equal to Saturday night's
final figures at $5 77%.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
LOCAL MARKETS.
TUESDAY. JANUARY 23.
Shipping Intelligence.
London Wool Sales.
230 Delaware Lackawanna &. Western.. l 76
Denver & Rio Grande ITV4
210 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 69»»
Erie n't
Erie let preM 32%
1M Great Northern prefd 166 1 ,* \
Hocking Coal 15 I.*1 .*
Hocking Valley 30
1.120 Illinois Central 11l
lowa Central 12
lowa Central prefd 51
Kansas City Pittt-burg & Gulf SVi
ICO Luke Erie & Western 21
Lake Erie & Western prefd S3
Lake Shore 131
L«2O Louisville & Nashville SO-*
6.C10 Manhattan L 95%
4.530 Metropolitan Street Railway 165%
. 3.193 Mexican Central 12
Minneapolis & St Louis fahi ,
Minneapolis A: Ft Louis prefd 90 i
25.370 Missouri Pacific 43% (
Mobile & Ohio 40 [
Missouri Kansas & Texas 10
Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd .... 33
200 New Jersey Central 117 ;
2.& X) New York Central 131 Vi !
3.750 Norfolk & Western 25% I
1,360 Norfolk A: Weston preferred 7C 4
2.2'.>5 Northern Pacific 51%
212 Northern Pacific prefd T4". 4
400 Ontario & Western 21% j
Oregon Railway &. Navigation 42
Oregon Hallway & Navigation prefd 76 |
L3T2 Pennsylvania 129 Vi !
240 Reading 17' i j
2.300 Reading Ist prefd 6H,
SCO Reading 2d prefd 274
Rio Grande Western 33
«io Grande Western prefd S2
320 ft Louis & fan Francisco 9 L i
Ft Louis & San Francisco Ist prefd.. CS
St Louis & Kan Francisco 2d prefd. 334
1.610 St Louis Southwestern 11%
1.960 St Louie Southwestern prefd 28U
5.:60 St Paul US"»
St Paul prefd 170
St Paul & Omaha 118
S. 0&0 Southern Pacific 35%
1,050 Southern Railway 11%
l.sno Southern Railway prefd 54% j
3.350 Texas & Pacific 16 j
5.630 Union Pacific 47%
1.150 Union Pacific prefd 70% '
lGrt Wabash 7
500 WabaJh prefd 21V»
l.m Wheeling & Lake Erie 10
472 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 274
4C/0 WiFcnnsin Central 19% 1
Express Comranies —
Adams 114 1
American 143 )
United States 47
Wells-Fargo 122
Miscellaneous —
440 American Cotton Oil 34
*» American Cotton Oil prefd 934
American Malting 6
100 American Malting prefd 27%
1.020 American Smelting & Ring 33
36-) American Smelting & RCng prefd.. S9
100 American Spirits 2%
American Spirits prefd 17
100 American Steel Hoop 42
100 American Steel Hoop prefd 80
3.945 American Steel & Wire 47%
2CO American Steel A: Wire prefd 90
200 American Tin Plate 25%
American Tin Plate prefd 79' i
5.260 American Tobacco 1004
American Tobacco prefd 135
40) Anaconda Mining Co 40%
41.143 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 724
600 Colorado Fuel & Iron 43»4
1.250 Continental Tobacco 32%
150 Continental Tobacco prefd 8o>«
3.553 Federal Steel E7%
400 Federal Steel prefd 73 7 i
2W General Electric 122
1.355 Glucose Sugar 61%
Glucose Sugar prefd 98
International Paper 23
370 International Paper prefd 69
Laclede Gas 794
111) National Biscuit 364
150 National Biscuit prefd P24
150 National Lead 26%
National Lead prefd 105%
400 National Ste*l 42
2SO National Steel prefd 92
250 New York Air Brake. 133
North American 14
300 Pacific Coast 51%
Pacific Coast Ist prefd S3
Pacific Coast 2d prefd fi4V>
1.920 Pacific Mail 44
4,310 People's Gas 105%
ISO Pressed Steel Car 554
123 Pressed Steel Car prefd 87
Pullman Palace Car IES
240 Standard Rope &. Twine &%
27.130 Sugar 118
190 Sugar prefd 113
2.380 Tennessee Coal & Iron 85%
16.3C0 United States Leather 17%
4U United States Leather prefd 76
fM United States Rubber 40%
331 United States Rubber prefd 1014
27$ Western Union 86%
1.265 Republic Iron & Steel 21%
1.230 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 664
P C C & St Louis 77
260,100 Share* sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s reg IC2HIN J C sren 5s 120
Do 2s reg K**i.N Carolina 6s 127
Do in coup 110 1 , Do 4s 106
Do new 4a reg 133 N Pacific lsts 110
Do new 4s coup... 134 [ Do 3s 66%
Do old 4s reg 114^1 Do 4s 103%
Do old 4s COUP-..114V4 N V C & St L 45.. 105
Do 5s reg 112 |N & W con 4s 94V4
Do 5a coup 113%! Do gen 6s 129
Dlst of Col 3.65«...119 |Or Nay lsts 110
Atchison gen 45. ...101%; Do 4s IC2
Do adj 4s H>4|Or Short Line 65. .129%
Canada So 2d* 108 i Do con 6s 112
Ches & Ohio 4»45.. 97 [Reading gen 45.... 84%
Do 5s 115H'R G w l»ts 95v4
Chi & N con 75. ...141 ;St L & I M con 55.1114
Do 8 F deb 55. ...119 iSt L & S F gen 65. 119
Chicago term 45... 95 St Paul cons 186
D &. R G lets 102%|St P C & P lsts. ..llBH
Do 4s 99 Do 5s 119
E T V & Q 15t5... 102 ;So Railway s<i 107%
Erie gen 4s 65% Stand R & T 6v... 82
F W & D C lsU... 74% Term new set 35... fo
General Elec 55. ...117 ITex A Pac 15t5. ...512%
G H & S A 6s 109 Do 2ds M
Do 2ds 105 U Pacific 4i> 104%
H&T C 5a 110 Wabash Ist* 113V4
Do eon 6s 110 Do 2ds 103 Vi
lowa Central lets. .lllVi ;West Shore 4* 113
X C P Sc O lsts... 69 |Wis Central lsts... !>O%
La new con 4a 100% jVa Centuries F;>4
L& N unl 4s SB% Do deferred 5
M X & T 2ds B9 IColo So 4s ?S
Do 4s SM>4'So Pacific i* iSVi
NYC lsts 109*/*:
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 22 Ontario * 7 90
Crown Point 10 Ophir 66
Con Cal & Va 1 60 Plymouth 08
Dead wood ts Quicksilver 1 75
Gould & Curry .... 21 Quicksilver prefd.. 750
Hale & Norcross .. Si Sierra Nevada 45
Homestaka 60 00 Standard 2 50
Iron Silver 50 Union Con...' 27
Mexican 31 1 Yellow Jacket .... 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS
Money— iWest Electric V>%
Call loans 4406] Wisconsin Central. 19
Time loans 4Q5 Dom Coal 414
Stocks— Dom Coal prefd ...115
ATA S F 19% Bonds—
AT& S F prerd... «l Atchlson 4s 100
American Sugar ..11$ Mining Shares —
A Sugar prerd 114 Adventure 6
Bell Telephone ...330 Allouez Mining Co. 2*i
liof-ton Elevated .. 85%, Atlantic 24 Vi
Boston & Maine ...199 ; Boston & M0nt.. .275
Chgo. Bur A. Q.....122% (Butte & Boston .. 45
Fltchburg prefd ..110 jCalum et & Hecla.."3o
General Electric ..1214'Centennlal 70
Gen Elec prefd 135 ;Franklln 1414
Federal Steel 67*»iHumboldt 1
Fed Steel prefd .. 73%'Osce.ola 68
Mexican Central .. 1214 Parrot 404;
Mich Telephone ...100 Quincy. ex-div ..,.130
NY & N E prefd.2o2 Santa Fe Copper.. s\i
Old Colony 17%, Tamarack ..t ISI
Rubber 404;Wtnona 4
Union Pacific ....'. 47% ' Wolverine* 39
Union Land 24! Utah Mining 26U
West End 92&1.
New York Money Market.
i
NEW YORK. Jan. 22.— CLOSE— Money on
call, steady.- at 24@4 per "cent; last loan. 24
per cent; prime mercantile paper, 4'i054 per
cent. Sterling exchange weak, with actual
business In bankers' bills at $4 86% for demand
and at $4 S3\ for nix ty ' days. Posted rates,
$4 b44 and $4 8704 88. Commercial bills, $4 53!,!
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver certificates. 594@604c. Bar silver, 69ftc.
Mexican dollars. 474 c.
Government bonds, weak; State bonds, Inact
ive; railroad bonds, strong.
London Markets.
NEW YORK, Jan. 22.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here are Idly waiting news of a
decisive victory In South Africa. There was
to-day a continued advance In consols, which
touched 102>i. They are apparently being
worked for purposes of the forthcoming war
loan. Home rails were notably flat on dls
apjxiinting dividend announcements, due to the
high price of coal and dear materials gener
ally. One speculative favorite fell several
points. American securities were absolutely
listless, but brokers complain that they cannot
fill New York orders for good business, for
European markets have been swept bare of
them. The Bank of England bought £36,000
rold in German coin. Foreign exchange rates
are as follows: Paris cheque, 25.19; Berlin,
20.49. It Is expected that the Berlin bank rate
will soon be reduced. Silver was strong on
the closing bear commitments and the Indian
demand. '
CLOSING,
LONDON, Jan. 22.— Canadian Pacific, 95H;
Union Pacific preferred, 77%; Northern Pacific,
76*4: Atchlson. 20*fe: Grand Trunk, 1%; Ana
conda, 84. Bar silver, uncertain, 27 9-16 d per
ounce.
Condition of the Treasury
WASHINGTON. Jan. 22.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $257,046,445; gold reserve,
?220,:C3,CD1.
New York Grain and Produce.
AUCTION SALES'
*w TH_ HORSE.ViEN'ci *>_
-™ OPPORTUNITY.
CLOSING -OUT SALE
Of All the
RACEHORSES IN TRAINING
Belonsing to
J. NAGLEE BURK,
Consisting of such well-known money-wir.nc-i
as Coda. Dolore. Esptrando. Evirato. Festns.i,
Flero. Fuga. Glissando. Gravita. Garbo. Gratia.
Gusto. Giro, Giocoso. Galo and nine two-year-
olds ready to race, by Flambeau. CrescemH
Drum Major. Brioso and Bellicoso. Including \
brother of Crescendo. There are descendants • f
imported Brutus. Imported Foul Shot. Wlldicll-,
St. Saviour. Flambeau, etc.. In this sale whlcil
are unexcelled as Individuals and are sold only
on account of the retirement of the owner frorr.
the business of racing.
Sale Takes Place on
THURSDAY JANUARY 25, 19J0,
At 11 a. m. Sharp.
In the Saddling Paddock of the
-I!- OAKLAND -:- RACETRACK -||-
Emeryville, Cal.
WM. G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.
Office, 721 Howard St.. S. F.
Catalogues ready. Trains leave at 10 o'clock
for Emeryville. Horses may be seen at th»
track. -^*
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JAISTUARY 23, 1900.
Western wethers. $4 40@4 SO; lambs. $5 60@6 40.
Receipts— Cattle. SSOQ; hogs, 20,000; sheep,
:o,coo.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 22.— T0-day's developments
In th« metal market were not specially event
ful. Spelter advanced slightly on increased
demand and better cables than anticipated.
Tin was Irregular, though not lower. As a
whole the market showed a fairly steady un
dertone: At the close the Metal Exchange
quoted:
PlGlRON— Warrants, dull.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged, at $16 50.
TlN— Barely steady, at $2S.
LEAD— Steady, at $4 70@4 75.
SPELTER— Firm, at $4 6CKff4 70.
The brokers'; price for lead is $4 45 and ror
copper $16 50.
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, Jan. 22.^-The visible supply of
grain in store and afloat on Saturday, January
20, as compiled by the New York Produce Ex
change Is as follows:
Bushels. Increase. Decrease.
Wheat 56,530,000 21.000.000
Corn 14,100,000 1,216.000
Oats 6, OSS. 000 45.000
Rye 1.213.000 37.0P0
Barley 1.920.000 112,000
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Jan. 22.— Consols. 101%. Silver.
27 9-lCd. French Rentes, IOOf 2%c. Wheat car
goes oft coast, quiet and steady; cargoes on
passage, quiet and steady; No. 1 Standard Cali
fornia, 295. 3d; English country markets, partly
6d cheaper: import into U. X., wheat, 295.000
quarters: Import Into U. X.. flour. 188,000: wheat
and flour on passage to U. X., 1,890,000; do Con
tinent. SlO.OOO.
LIVERPOOL. Jan. 22. — WHEAT — Firm;
wheat in Paris, strong: flour In Paris, strong.
COTTON— Uplands, 4 11-16 d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL. Jan. 22.— WHEAT— Spot No. 2
red Western winter, firm. 5s 9d; No. 1 Northern
tsprlng, firm, Ds 10% d. Futures— Steady; March,
6s 9d: May. 5s 9%d. ¦ '¦'_ " Vir ii
CORN— Spot American mixed new, firm, 3s
6%d; old, firm, 3s 5%d. Futures— Steady; Janu
ary, 3s 5%d; March, 3s 6d.
COMMERCIAL AND FINACIAL NEWS
SPECIAL SALE.
£* £?* _£»
THIS DAY.
TUESDAY January M
• ' . At 11 o'clock, at
ORMONDE STABLES. 151G MISSION STREET.
Between Twelfth and Thirteenth.
40 HEAD BROKE HORSES.
From 90* to 1600 pounds. Sale positive, rain or
shtne; no reserve or limit whatever.
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. CaJ.,
January 22, 1300.
The time- ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at t
o'clock p m.. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. In charge.
LONDON, Jan. 22.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day numbered 11.198 bales.
There was a better demand and prices ruled
slightly higher. Greasy merinos suitable for
America were taken .freely by the Continent.
Scoureds sold better to the home trade and the
Continent. There were fewer withdrawals to
day. American representatives purchased a
quantity of crossbreds at 5 per cent above last
week - s prices. Total American purchases to
date, 4000 bales.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or.. Jan. 22.— Clearings, $320,
358; balances. $27,906.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 22.— Exporters are In
no special need of wheat and are not quoting
over SOlgulc at the outside for Walla Walla,
with valley weak at 49#50c; blue «tern Is nom
inally 52c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Jan. 22.— Wheat Vie higher; club,
51c; blue stem, 53c.
? .
Article*— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—2 —
January 63% 64 63H 63%
May 66H 67H 66% 66%
July 67% 68 * 67% 67%
Corn No. 2—2 —
January 31H 31% 30% 30%
May 33% 33% 33 33>4
July 34V» 31% 83% 33%
Oats No. 2—2 —
January 22% 22% 22% ¦ 22%
May 23% 23% 23% 23%
Mesa Pork, per barrel-
January 10 77% 10 77% 10 62% 10 62%
May 10 92% 1100 10 85 10 £5
July 1107% 1107% 10 95 10 95
Lard, per 100 Dounds—
January SSO 590 6 87% 6 87%
May 610 610 6 02% 6 02%
July 6 15 6 15 6 10 8 12%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
January •••• •••• 6 70
May 580 6 87% 6 77% 5 77%
July 5 85
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
Hrm: No. 3 spring wheat, 69@63%c; No. 2 red,
670f.Sc; No. 2 corn, 31% c; No. 2 oats, 23<323>»c;
No. 2 white, 26% c; No. 3 white, 26@25%c; No.
2 rye, 64c; No. 2 barley, 3S@44e: No. 1 flaxseed,
SI 50: prime timothy seed, $2 60; mess pork, per
barrel, $9 25@10 67%; lard, per 100 pounds, $5 52%
(25 92%; short ribs sides (loose), $5 65@5 85; dry
salted shoulders (boxed). 5455% c: short clear
sides (boxed). $5 92%@6 02%: whisky, distillers'
finished goods, per gallon, it 23%.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 27,000 28.000
Wheat, bushels 21.000 14.000
Corn, bushels ...: 178.000 126.000
Oats, bushels 257.000 156,000
Rye, bushels 5.000 -
Barley, bushels 65,000 43.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creamery, 19®24%c; dairy.
150"22 c. Cheese, firm; 12@13c. Eggs, steady;
fresh, 16@17e.
Close,
8
Steamer. ¦ From. Due.
Tellua Departure Bay Jan. 23
Progreso Tacoma jj a n. 21
R. Adamson.... Nanalmo Jan. 23
Santa Rosa San Diego Jan. 2^
Jeanle' Departure Bay Jan. 23
Samoa Humboldt Jan. 23
Volumnia iHamburg (Jan. 2i
Chas. Nelson... I Pueet Sound (Jan. 2(
Tlllamook ITtllamook Jan. 21
Columbia Portland Jan. jj
Coos Bay [Newport Jan. 23
Point Arena — Point Arena Jan. 23
Crescent City... Crescent City Jan. 25
Arcata Coos Bay j an . j;
Matteawan [Comox j an , o."
Miami (Departure Bay Jan. 2J
Czarina Puget Sound j a n. 2C
Corona ? San Diego jj a n. 21
North Fork Humboldt jj a n. 27
Curacao Mextco j an . j}
Queen Victoria & Pupet Sound Jan. 21
Orizaba IHumboldt |Jan. V
A. Blanchard...iCoo» Bay Jan. II
Bristol Departure Bay '.'. Janl 2<
Lady Jolcey China and Japan Jan. 2S
Bonita Newport Jan. 2: ;
Nippon Maru... China and Japan Jan. 3C
San Bias Panama Jan. 3f
Australia; Honolulu " Jan 3C
State of Cal Portland ?.. Jan. 3t
Steamer. ! Destination. I Satis. * | Pier.
State of Cal Portland...... Jan. 23. 10am rieizi
Bonlta San Pedro.. .„ Jan. 23. 9am Pier 11
Aberdeen .. Humboldt..... Jan. 13. 12 m;Plerls
China |Chlna& Japan Jan. 24, Ipm PMSS
Moana Sydney Jan. 24, 3pm Pier 7
Orizaba ....IHumboldt Jan. 24. 2pm Pier 9
Del Norte.. | Humboldt |Jan. 2J. 10 am Pier 23
Santa Kosa.jSan Diego Uan. 28, 11 am Pier 11
Excelsior .. (Alaska... Jan. 25. 9am Pier 34
Samoa fHumboldt Jan. 25. 10 am Pier 13
Umatllla .. Vie & Pgt Sd. Jan. 2«. 10 amiPler 9
Coos Day... Newport Jan. 27. 9am Pier 11
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.'. Jan. 27, 2pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. 27, 10 am Pier 13
Columbia .. Portland Jan. 23, li>amjPler2t
Colon (Panama Jan. 29. 12 m PMS3
C. N»lson..|PuKct Sound.. Jan. 23 |
Corona |San Diego Jan. 29, 11am Pier 11
A. Blanch'd Coos Bay Jan. 29, 2pm Pier 13
North Fork Humboldt Jan. SO. 9am Pier 2
Lady Joicey China & Japan Jan. 31. Ipm
IT!
ITlm»!
jTimej
ITI
Ft. I—
Ft.;
j-H W
rt
W
Ft.
22.
23
2*
25
3
. 4:13
. 4:50
. 5:36
IL. W
5.1! H
5.1 V.
5.2' X
8.4 :
H
10:19
11:12!
13:14
1:11
I W
1.9
1.5
1.2
0.6
4:O
5:54
7:21
I 8:35
EL W
i
' 6 !
! 3:
s
i:l5
>:03
::1C
Vv
2.3
2.3
3.i)
25
27
. 0:13
. 1:34
3.2! '
5.2 '
6:31
7:31
5.5
5.«
2:03
2:55-
4.0
4.3
ki
2S
- 2:36.
3.2' ;
4.1
20
¦ 3.->! !
9:28|
6.0
>!
I 4:21;-
Steamer. ! Destination. I Satis. * | Pier.
State of Cal Portland...... Jan. 23. 10am rieizi
Bonlta San Pedro.. .„ Jan. 23. 9am Pier 11
Aberdeen .. Humboldt..... Jan. 13. 12 m;Plerls
China |Chlna& Japan Jan. 24, Ipm PMSS
Moana Sydney Jan. 24, 3pm Pier 7
Orizaba ....IHumboldt Jan. 24. 2pm Pier 9
Del Norte.. | Humboldt |Jan. 2J. 10 am Pier 23
Santa Kosa.jSan Diego Uan. 28, 11 am Pier 11
Excelsior .. (Alaska... Jan. 25. 9am Pier 34
Samoa fHumboldt Jan. 25. 10 am Pier 13
Umatllla .. Vie & Pgt Sd. Jan. 2«. 10 amiPler 9
Coos Day... Newport Jan. 27. 9am Pier 11
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.'. Jan. 27, 2pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. 27, 10 am Pier 13
Columbia .. Portland Jan. 23, li>amjPler2t
Colon (Panama Jan. 29. 12 m PMS3
C. N»lson..|PuKct Sound.. Jan. 23 |
Corona |San Diego Jan. 29, 11am Pier 11
A. Blanch'd Coos Bay Jan. 29, 2pm Pier 13
North Fork Humboldt Jan. SO. 9am Pier 2
Lady Joicey China & Japan Jan. 31. Ipm
Steamer. ¦ From. Due.
Tellua Departure Bay Jan. 23
Progreso Tacoma jj a n. 21
R. Adamson.... Nanalmo Jan. 23
Santa Rosa San Diego Jan. 2^
Jeanle' Departure Bay Jan. 23
Samoa Humboldt Jan. 23
Volumnia iHamburg (Jan. 2i
Chas. Nelson... I Pueet Sound (Jan. 2(
Tlllamook ITtllamook Jan. 21
Columbia Portland Jan. jj
Coos Bay [Newport Jan. 23
Point Arena — Point Arena Jan. 23
Crescent City... Crescent City Jan. 25
Arcata Coos Bay j an . j;
Matteawan [Comox j an , o."
Miami (Departure Bay Jan. 2J
Czarina Puget Sound j a n. 2C
Corona ? San Diego jj a n. 21
North Fork Humboldt jj a n. 27
Curacao Mextco j an . j}
Queen Victoria & Pupet Sound Jan. 21
Orizaba IHumboldt |Jan. V
A. Blanchard...iCoo» Bay Jan. II
Bristol Departure Bay '.'. Janl 2<
Lady Jolcey China and Japan Jan. 2S
Bonita Newport Jan. 2: ;
Nippon Maru... China and Japan Jan. 3C
San Bias Panama Jan. 3f
Australia; Honolulu " Jan 3C
State of Cal Portland ?.. Jan. 3t
IT!
ITlm»!
jTimej
ITI
Ft. I—
Ft.;
j-H W
rt
W
Ft.
22.
23
2*
25
3
. 4:13
. 4:50
. 5:36
IL. W
5.1! H
5.1 V.
5.2' X
8.4 :
H
10:19
11:12!
13:14
1:11
I W
1.9
1.5
1.2
0.6
4:O
5:54
7:21
I 8:35
EL W
i
' 6 !
! 3:
s
i:l5
>:03
::1C
Vv
2.3
2.3
3.i)
25
27
. 0:13
. 1:34
3.2! '
5.2 '
6:31
7:31
5.5
5.«
2:03
2:55-
4.0
4.3
ki
2S
- 2:36.
3.2' ;
4.1
20
¦ 3.->! !
9:28|
6.0
>!
I 4:21;-COX?AQ3IZ GI9ZEALE THAMSATLA^TIQCS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Balling every Thursday instead of
Saturday, from November 2, IS*), at ¦— '"* •'¦*»
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North Ulver, foot of
Morton st: LA GASCOONE. Jan. Dj La NOR-
MANDIE. Feb. 1: Le BRETAGNE. Feb. »;
L.AQUITAINE. Feb. 15. First-class to HaTre.
ISO and upward: 5 per cent reduction on round
trip. Second class to HaTre. «3: 5 p^r cent re-
duction on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. St
Broadway « Hudsrn butldine). New York. J.
F. FUGAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast Agent*. •
Montgomery aT».. San Francisco.
CAPE NOME.
FOR PASSENGER AND FREIGHT RATE 3
apply CAPT. W. E. NESBITT. 316 Market.
BAY AND RIVEII STEAiIERS.
HporlTs. navy yard ahd yallejo.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON. Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and cat. at 9:45
a m.: 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sunday*. 10:3 a a. m.. i
p. m. Lindin? and office. M:sston-street Dock.
Pier No. 3. TtleDhone Main IMS.
FARE •< SO9
Buried Opium Found.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN QUENTTN PRISON, Jan. 22.— The
first "dope" planted here since Warden
Aguirre's regime was found yesterday
afternoon. The Warden was inspecting
the work of the convicts along the Tlbu
ron boulevard, and near the end of the
San Quentin section his attention was at
tracted by a piece of board with a stone
on top. On investigation this proved to
be a dope cache. Snugly fitted Into the
ground beneath the board were several
pounds of the deadly stuff packed in a
Hat wrapping of heavy tinfoil to enab'e
the convicts to carry them easily in their
mouths.
The opium must have been planted sev
eral months ago, as no men have worked
on this section of the road since last
August. The improvement in the ap
pearance of the fiends, since Aguirre took
the reins of the prison is remarkable, and
yesterday's find probably removes the
last of the plants.
Poisoned by Gas.
FRESNO. Jan. 2.— A. "VVlllcox, a San
Francisco lumber agent, narrowly es
caped death from asphyxiation by coal
gas In the Hughes Hotel yesterday. He
had retired to bed, leaving, unawares,
one of the gas jets partly turned. Con
sciousness was restored last night, and at
noon to-day the man who was so near
death returned home. .
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS "WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First an I Brannan str?»ts, 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Naca.iaki anl Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers fcr
India, etc. No canto received on beard on day
of si;'..r;
NIPPON MART' Friday. Feb. I
AMERICA MARL' Wednesday, March 7
HONGKONG MART* Saturday, March 31
Via Honolulu
Rnund-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offl?e,
421 Market St.. corner Flr«t.
W. 11. AVERT. Ceneral Aff-at.
@5f tS SH JLI Ifß ?. S Mcana saila r'.x
J&jP?il!C H "'¦¦"'¦¦* and Auck-
•t ¦*¦¦¦*¦ land for Sydney Wed-
a .*— -^ nesday. Jan. 24, at J
The S. S. Ai-tn!-*
{Ofnß3Wr- Wednesda*. Feb. L
~— WUip.iK.er igoo. at 1 t>. m.
Favorite L!n# Round the World, via Itawa!!.
Famoa, New Zealand. Aurt^alia. India. Suez.
England, etc.: $*!!> first class.
J. D. SP«£CKELS it BROS.CO..Agis.. IWMorrtgcmerj
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
VANDAL JAMES
OFFERS INSULT
TO SHERIDAN
Mile. Trebelli Heard in
Concert.
•THE QUEEN'S LACE EANDKEE
CHIEF'' AT THE GRAND.
*
Ihe Alcazar Changes to "Lord Chum
ley" — New Attractions at the
Orpheum — "Idol's Eye*' Up
for a Run.
•The School for Scandal" is interesting
under ar.y circumstances, even when we
i>e« it after a year performed by practical
ly the same company that appeared
in :t at its last presentation.
Warde is ab«=ent and he is missed,
for while his Joseph Surface was
a certain intelligence which is lacking in
the dull and colorless acting of Mr. Han
ford, the incumbent. He is without the
address and subtlety that the part de
mands, and the flatness of his perform
ance is so utterly unrelieved by even a
suggestion of intelligent purpose that no
or.c seeing Sheridan's classic comedy for
the lirst time with Mr. Ilanford in the
part of Joseph Surface could be blamed
for not realizing its possibilities in the
hands of a capable actor.
The Importance 01 "The School for
Scandal" lies chief.y in its brilliancy, the
adroitness of its linvs and the force of its
•satire; but it possesses another character
which renders it important, and that is
its character as a comedy of manners. It
introduces us into the atmosphere of the
last century and frcm It we may »;lean
knowledge of the manners and customs
of the time.
When the play was produced here a
y^ar ago, with Mr. Jamt-s in the part of
Charies Surface. I commented similarly on
the production and indicted Mr. James In
es direct a manner as possible for pervert
ing the play in an inoxcusable degree. He
has undoubtedly been accused of the same
thing by many others, yet he persists in
:.:s rmaulina and makes of Charles Sur
face not the seventeenth century blade
that he was. but a sort of Peter Daly type
cl r.asty Americanism.
If the public be better pleased by these
i:p-to-date mannerisms it is not the less
a crime against art to cater to its bad
taste. As Sheridan would not have said,
"Mr. James is "off his trolley.' "
Miss Kidder has not altered as La.dy
Tf azie. She is not a success in comedy,
for her flippancy of voice and action does
rot carry with it charm and fascination.
She has the Ellen Terry skip in an aggra
vated form, but however lithe and grace
ful ehe may be the true spirit of gayety
i« not there and her affected coyness is
not r>-al. The arraignment of Joseph by
Lady T"ea*l« calls for the qualities in
which Mi?s Kidder excels, asd therem she
c.i: plays the only touch of true art In her
whole performance. It Is a touch that is
felt; a touch that tells and shows the
Eirt-sgth that is In her.
Miss Kidder's promise of jrreatness lies
all toward serious work, and it is only a
question of time I think before both ehe
Jajid the rubiie will realize that fact.
The company has much merit, and but
for the intrusion of Mr. James' modern
]e*-r find EwairFT the performance has a
deUcbtfsl atmosphere of verity. Mr.
I^r.gdon is particularly good as Sir
l'«n«-r. whirh is a part that might easily
be made stupid. PORTER GARNETT. "
Grand Opera-House.
The company at ihf Grand Opera-houso
found ample opportunity to display its
talents last evening in Strauss' ever popu
lar comic opera. "The Queen's Lace
Handkerchief." The opera was ha.id
t-ome.ly costumed and splendidly staged.
Krfith il««>f! wa» a frtrhlnjr Don Prene
and Hattic Belle Ladd a stunning King of
Portugal. Pers=s=<> took splendid care of
Cervantei and William Wolff was excel
lent as the Prime Minister.
An addition to the cast was Miss Etta
<"u!hreth. promoted from the chorus to
assume the responsibilities of the Queen
of Portugal. Barring a painful nervous
next the debutante did some very good
work, and It is probable that the chorus
will know her no more.
Excellent as the principals were, the
preatost praise is due to the chorus. Their
last number in the second act won for
them Jive encores and necessitated Ibm
raising of the final curtain three times.
Tivoli.
Or.c of the largest audiences ever seen
in the Tivcli Opera-house was present last
night to enjoy the spirited performance
cf the comic optra "The Idol's Eye," and
the second wetrk of the euccess promises
to be as large as the first. Ferris Hart
rr.an. Alf C. Wheelan and William Schu*
t*>r again created much laughter in the
funny scenes in the play, while the de
lightful singing of Anna Llchter. Tom
Greene, Annie Meyers and Frances Gra
ham and th*> effective work of the chorus
won frequent applause from the audience
fend demands lor many encores.
Alcazar.
The programme called it "a character
comedy in three acts," and it was in
three acts, but there may be a difference
cf opinion as to "Lord Chumley" being a
comedy, or of any character at all, even
if David Bela-sco and Henry C. De Mllle
wrote it. The lir.st act is a melodrama— a
complete one, all but the wind-up; the
second act is a farce, and the third is a
disappointment and a pain. The play
drlbbies, and dribbles away, until there
is nothing left for the drop curtain to do
but to ke<»p the audience from dislocating
their javrj with a sleepy yawn.
The character and drollery of the piece
are furnished by Ernest Hastings, who
displays a Ftaccato horselaugh that is in
fectious. Mr. Walton's "Butterworth" is
a fair piece of character, and Howard
Scott portrays the villain well as Ga?pard
L* Sage. &larie f Howe and Juliet Crosby
make the most of the too obviously
studied humor in their roles. But the
actors should not be blamed, for the dia
log-ue of the play is as flat and insipid
as any two men could write if they tried
to do "their best at being inane.
Orpheum.
Admirers of vaudeville will find one of
the best performances ever presented at
the Orpheum in this week's bill. The dra
rr.atic comedy, "Tactics," in which James
O, Harrows plays a former colonel of tha
<'ivil War, was greeted with loud ap
plause, and his narrative of the reminis
cent battle scene at Gettysburg, assisted
by his old-time antagonist. General Drum
mond (Brandon Mitchel), a retired vet
eran of the Union army, was thrilling as
well as amusing. The representation of
the various general* who participated, to
eether with their divisions, by means of
:./::;¦- and other bric-a-brac was ludicrous
In the extreme. Joseph Newman. In his
eriglnal humorous songs, caught the audf
«-nce at once, and without trying very
hard he f-uccceded in belnsr very funny.
His charm lies In his simplicity, and his
pone. "My Girl's a Different Kind," is
dr-Ptinr-d to be a popular hit.
Paplnta rc;>eated nor former success in
her fj»ectacular dances, which have not
lost ar.y of their original beauty by a
*r-cond presentation. Edna Baasett Mar
shall and family were exceptionally good
in their Hnffing act. The children are
easily entitled to the laurels. The girl
is a clever cakewalkT and th» two boys
performed pome tumbling which has
n»*ver been done before by such young
people
The hold-ov^rs— Mile. Emmy and can
ines, Hodges imd Launchmere, Hanson
and Nelson, and Nelstone and Abbey
were all well received.
Alhambra.
"At Gay Coney Island." "Whiting & Wil
lis' Efaride drollery, without plot or sense,
but tecmir.g with wit and fun, is on this
week at the Alhambra. For the play Ht
t2e can be said except that it is the gath
ering together of m^rry thoughts, whirh
are cleverly presented and fully carried to
a witty conclusion. The features of the
drollery are the whistling of Alf Holt,
whose imitations are unexcelled, and the
dancing of Carrie Joyce, a prrtty yourg
eter of rare ability. Songs, dances and '
fpecialties add life to the play, which,
taken fell tn all. excels the usual run of
pi&yi of the tyj* written acd put on the
GENTLEMANLY
HIGHWAYMEN
IN OAKLAND
Aristocratic Footpads
Abroad.
ACCOST VICTIMS POLITELY
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
SOS Broadway, Jan. 22.
Two gentlemanly highwaymen have
made their appearance in Oakland. They
obey the curfew law and frequent the
aristocratic portion of the city. Both
knights of the mask are appareled in the
latest London styles, have Chesterfieldian
manners and use the most elegant lan
guage when holding up their victims.
Floyd Brock, a prominent young mem
ber of the Reliance Club, who resides at
145S Broadway, is the first individual to
report a meeting with them. The stop
page occurred at 7:30 o'clock last night on
Twentieth street, between Telegraph av
enue and Broadway. The young man was
just going to dinner, when the two swell
bandits stepped forth from the dark
shadow of a large tree. Each one of the
highwaymen wore a black mask and dis
played a large revolver.
"Kindly hold up your hands," said one
of the robbers, as he thrust his weapon
close to the head of young Brock.
"Yes, please do," remarked the other
social highwayman, "for I do hate blood
shed, and my friend here is a most san
guinary person and is liable to shoot on
the slightest provocation. I have repeat
edly tried to wean him from this un
natural thir-st for blood, but my endeavors
have been futile."
Brock has quite a reputation as an
amateur boxer, but he refused to spar
with a pair of guns. His hands went into
the air to the uppermost limit of his
reach. Then a revolver was placed
against each of his ears and the holders
of the weapons dexterously went through
the pockets of their vicUm. They secured
EJ and a cheap watch.
"It would ruin our standing in society
if we wore such a poor timepiece as
that," said one of the aristocratic thieves.
"It would ruin us irretrievably," re
sponded his companion.
Then they handed the watch back to the
affrighted owner. He was told to put it
in his pocket and go, with an admonition
not to turn aroundl Brock complied with
the order and speedily sprinted for home.
A few minutes later he reported the oc
currence to the police.
. "They were dressed nut of sight." he
told Captain Peterson, "and were quiet
and polite in their commands. Both were
young fellows and were masked. Beyond
that I can't tell much about them, for I
was pretty badly scared. They were cool
and acted as though they were used to the
business of holding pe<Tple up."
The police kept the affair quiet until to
day, because they wore at tirst doubtful
of the authenticity of the story. They
are now convinced of its correctness and
are working strenuously for some clew to
the robbers. As yet they have nothing on
which to work. Several of the officers,
however, are of the opinion that the job
was a practical Jok« perpetuated by a
couple of friends of Brock.
MRS. GLEASON
NOW IN FAVOR
OF FEDERATION
Elected an Officer
Temporarily.
?
SHE EXPLAINS HER POSITION
OAKLAND. Jan. 22.— Mrs. Roland P.
Gleason, president of Ebell and a dele
gate to the convention of Woman's Clubs
in Los Angeles, has returned from the
south enthusiastic over the great meet
ing r.nd the reception accorded the ladies
from this part of the State. Mrs. Gleason
also returns converted from the indiffer
ence she formerly felt in federation to the
btlief that under the constitution adopted
by the convention no club that is eligible
to jcir. should stay out.
Mrs. Gleason, to the surprise of many
who knew of her former mild opposition
to federation, has become an officer of the
federation just formed, and when inter
viewed said that she was pleased to have
the opportunity of explaining how her
election took place and its terms, realiz
ing that having been sent from an organ
ization that for the most part is inimical
to federation she realized that she had
been put in an awkward position by being
put on the general ticket.
"In the lirst place," said Mrs. Gleason,
"we were delighted with the very courte
ous and womanly way in which delegates
from the north were received. Anci the
lodies of Los Angeles were in turn de
lighted to have the Ebell send delegates
along with the other clubs, for the Ebeli
of Los Angeles wad organized with the
assistance of ladies who formerly be
longed to Oakland's Ebell. At the opening
of the convention we were pleased at tlii
attitude taken toward representatives like
ourselves from clubs not decided as to
whether they would join or not. It was
decided that such delegates should be
Raked to report back to their "-esp::ctive
clubt, that thirty days would be given for
i.nal cec.'sion as to joining and that at the
expiration of the thirty days all cluds
Joining should be considered chart.r un-m
berr.
"Mrs. Ginn and I did not occupy a
unique position there. We found repre
sentatives from thirteen other clubs, who
had been also asked to go to Los An
geles, to abstain from voting In the name
of their clubs' federation and to rrep o t
back on the question. Representatives
from twenty-live clubs came prepared to
pledge their organizations to a State
union of clubs. We who voted reservedly,
it was understood, would leave the mat
ter of decision with the bodies sending us.
"In the making of the ticket the nom
inating committee was anxious that the
Oakland Kbell be represented, if only
temporarily. With that understanding
my name was proposed for a vice presi
dency, and this action must receive the
approval of the Ebell here before it can
be final. I was extremely loth to accr.pt
the honor, since it placed me in the posi
tion of being a delegate from a club un
willing to federate and an officer, if pro
tern., of the federation. However, Mrs.
Ginn agreed that the fine womanly cour
tesy that had characterized our reception
required a graceful acceptance of the
temporary and much-urged office. The
Kbell Society, you understand, was to b«>
committed in no way by my being a vice
president.
"We were especially delighted with the
conciliatory and conservative constitution
adopted. Its pfecond article, which gives
the object of federation, reads:
Its object shall be to unite the influence and
enterprise of California women to promote
measures which all can lndorsp. whether these
be educational, moral or social, and to com
pare methods of study and work. The conintl
tutlon of clubs applying for membership must
show that they have no sectarian or political
bias and that while distinctly humanitarian
movements may be recogniied the chief purpose
is not philanthropic or technical, but social,
literary, artistic or scientific culture.
"A number of organizations are not eli
gible. These are the Woman's Christian
Temperance Union, College Alumnae as
sociations. Young Woman's Christian
Association, civic leagues, suffrage clubs
and college settlements. These send
out " propaganda and are therefore
barred. The by-laws provide that no
club In the federation devoted to one
specific purpose can bring its subject
before the biennial convention except
by the unanimous consent of the board.
The board will work along educational
lines altogether, but differe-nt districts
may take up local work. Forestry, the
saving of the old missions and traveling
libraries in mining regions are some of
the subjects to be handled.
"I do not see how any club eligible to
federate can hesitate to do so in view
of the constitution, for the work planned
is on broad lines that have no elements
liable to cause any division of the mem
bers. Mrs. Burdette will herself visit
Oakland soon, perhaps before Mrs. Ginn,
and I make our reports, and will explain
more fully the object of fedration to the
ladles of Oakland."
Mrs. Ginn, who though a member of
the Century Club of San Francisco, did
not represent any club but the Kbell, has
gone to Coronado for a few days, accom
panied by Mrs. John ISakewell.
Mass-Meeting of Growers.
FRESNO, Jan. 22.— A mass meeting has
been called here to take counsel in re
gard to the proposed combine of raisin
packers and associated growers. It is
proposed also to bring the fruit growers
of the county together and form a branch
of the State Fruit Growers* Association.
Had a Close Call.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 22.— A deflected rifle
bullet came near terminating the exist
ence of Corporal Rufus W. Weeks of
Company G. While assisting in marking
the targets at the High-street range dur
ing the regular company shoot yesterday
afternoon. Weeks was struck by a bullet
from a rifle In the hands of one of his
fellow-guardsmen. A gash an Inch long
on the corporal"s left jaw was all the
damage done. Had the bullet, which was
HARSHBERGER SUSPENDED.
Jockey Gives Cotton Plant a Weak
Ride at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 22.— Favorites
were first in three races to-day. Cotton
Plant should have won the first, but he
was pulled up Just as the barrier arose
and was weakly ridden at the finish.
Harshberger, who had the mount, was
suspended. J. J. McCafferty has signed
Clawson to ride from date to the open-
Ing of the Westchester meeting, to re
place Boland, who leaves shortly for
lx>uisville. Weather fine; . track fast.
Results:
Selling; six furlones— By George won, Lex
ington Pirate second. Cotton Plant third. Time,
1:15,4.
Plx and a half furlongs— Alex won. Magic
Light second. Sidney Lucas third. Time, 1:22*4-
Selling, mile and an eighth— Admetus won.
Frank McConnell second. King Elkwood third.
Time, 1:57.
Handicap, mile— Wolhurßt won. Laureate sec
ond. Pan Duraneo third. Time, 1:42%.
Seven furlong*— Belle Ward won. Matchbox
second. Free Lady third. Time. 1:30.
Selling, Fix furlongs— t>l*g* won. Corlalls sec
ond, Jim Gore II third. Time, 1:13^.
?
Will Succeed Gass.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 22.— Attorney Louis
Oneal was to-day appointed by the
Board of Supervisors to fill the vacancy
In the City Justiceship caused by the
death of J. "W. Gass. A. G. Col and 159
others were on Oneal's petition. The
Army and Navy League asked that the
place be given to Willard C. Bailey and
a petition was also presented in favor of
Allan Brandt. Boss Rea and J. D. Mac
kenzie also championed Oneal, and
Supervisors Stern. Austin, Cottle and
Rea took the programme. Supervisor
Roll voted for Brandt. Oneal was for
merly a deputy in the District Attorney's
office ¦ : '-it
TEXAS FARMER'S CRIME.
Kills His Daughter and Wounds His
Wife and Two Sons.
HOUSTON, Tex., Jan. 22.— A. J. Honey
cutt, aged 60, a farmer living near Center,
attacked his wife to-day with a knife.
Their children ran to the assistance of the
mother, when Honeycutt stabbed Rosa,
aged 16, killing her instantly. The wife
and two sons, aged 12 and 10, were so
badly wounded that they may die. Honey
cutt is in Jail, and precautions have been
taken to prevent a lynching.
SHOT BY HER BROTHER.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN JOSE, Jan. 22.— The mystery sur T
rounding the injury to little Lou Cornu
in the foothills near West Side has been
cleared up. The shooting was at first
laid to a tramp who had been refused
something to eat, and Sheriff Langford
arrested no less than a dozen suspects.
Saturday evening Sheriff Langford ar
rested John Cornu. father of the girl. To
day he broke down and confessed his 14
year-old son, Louis Cornu, had shot his
sister accidentally. Being afraid the boy
would be prosecuted they concocted the
tramp story. His wife was not home at
the time. He said the boy shot the girl
on Saturday night, but he knew nothing
about It till the following Monday night.
The boy had put the little girl to t>ed and
claimed she was sick. It was not until
the wound took a serious turn nearly a
week after that they reported to the au
thorities. The wound is now nearly
healed.
Evaded War Tax.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 22.— M. B. Leavltt,
manager of the "Spider and Fly" com
pany, now playing in this city, was ar
rested to-night on a charge of failing to
pay his war tax while his company was
In New Mexico. He gave $000 bail to ap
pear for examination on the 30th before
Commissioner Knoles. Leavitt says hf»
was not with the company in New Mex
ico and was not to blame if the tax was
not paid.
King on the Stand.
Special Dispatch to The Call
j SAN JOSE. Jan. 22.— 1n the trial of Cap
italist Abram King for forgery the de
fendant was cross-examined in Judge
Lorigan's court all day. He reiterated
his statement of Friday that he had
raised the Anthes bill from $15 90 to $25 90
in order to cover other money he had ex
pended for the Stephen Hobson estate.
King Is sick and several times during the
day was compelled to leave the stand.
DISCHARGED
FROM THE
UPPER OFFICE
Important Secrets Are
Given Away.
Otto Heynemann, for years stenogra
pher to Chief I. W. Lees, was yester
day deposed from his position by Acting
Chief Blggy, and his place is now filled
by Miss Alice Code. Secrets of the upper
office have leaked out for some time past
and although Chief Biggy would not di
rectly charge Heynemann with the serious
offense, he nevertheless dismissed him.
The Chief states that he is in posses
sion of information of a startling nature
tending to show that there are several
in the upper office who have been be
traying upper office secrets to law firms,
thus blocking the wheels of Justice.
Carter Will Move for a New Trial.
OAKLAND. Jan. 22.— Martin Carter to
day filed notice of intention to move lor
a new trial of his sensational suit against
Cotton Brothers, the Board of Supervis
ors et al., involving the Webster-st root
bridge contract. The grounds on which
he seeks a new trial are: Insufficiency ot
the evidence to justify the decision Judge
Hall rendered In favor of defendants; th.it
said decision Is against law; errors in law
occurring at the "trial and excepted to hy
plalntiff. A bill of exceptions will be filed
later.
WHEELER FORBIDS THE
FACULTY TO MEDDLE
SCHOOL POSITIONS NOT FOR
FAVOBITES.
Students Must Not Obtain University
Influence in Seeking Appoint
ment as Teachers.
BERKELEY, Jan. 22.— President Ben
jamin Ide Wheeler has Just issued a cir
cular to faculty members of the uni
versity calculated to do away with the
charges of undue Influence used by-pro
fessors in procuring positions for favored
graduates and to relieve the Instructors
of the annoyance to which applicants
for such positions have subjected them.
The circular is as follows:
To the Officers of Instruction of the Univer
sity: As it seems desirable that the university
should adoct and follow a definite policy in
all of it- relations to the schools the members
of the faculty are requested to observe the
following rules In connection with the recom
mendation of teachers:
1. Advice Is not to be offered to school au
thorities unasked, or at the request of appli
cants for positions.
2. Members of the faculty are at liberty to
answer requests from school officers for an In
dividual opinion about tartioular persons, or
about matters of school administration; but
¦where a nomination Is asked for tha matter
muat be resorted to the president's office. In
crdpr that all possible candidates may be con
sidered and the best person available for the
position be selected.
3. No written recommendations, to be used
at their own discretion, are to be given to
candidates for either appointment or promo
tion. Reports on the work of students must
be Hied with the appointment secretary, who
will mall copies to school officers at their re
quest or at the request of the students con
cerned. No special recommendations are to be
sent to school officers. exceDt in answer to a
request for such information from the authori
ties.
4. Members of the faculty will please refrain
frcm mentioning to students probable vacancies
In school positions, especially where such In
formation Is gained by examiners while offi
cially engaged in the inspection of schools ap
plying for accrediting.
Very respectfully,
BENJAMIN IDE WHEELER.
President of the University.
The evil at which the orders are aimed
Is one of long standing, both at the uni
versity and throughout the State. Dis
appointed-candidates who were not uni
versity graduates have complained that
the university was cornering the teach
ers' positions as fa3t as they became
vacant, and on the other hand the pro
fessors are continually besieged by im
portunate students whose demands for
recommendations It is impossible to es
cape. The order is. therefore, for vari
ous reasons a welcome one to the faculty
members.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Sp*-ar-street Wharf at 13 a. in.
rinr 112 First Class Including Berth
ifttlu $3 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Jan. 23; Feb. i. 12
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Jan. 23; Feb. 7. tt
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butt%
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Throurh ticksts to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
O Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
JOAQUIN MILLER WILL
CHAMPION THE BOERS
OAKLAND, Jan. 22.— Joaquin Miller, the
"Poet of the Sierras." will be one of the
speakers at the pro-Boer mass-meeting to
be held in Germania Hall next Thursday
night. The committee having charge of
the affair so announced this evening; also
that Rev. B. Fay Mills. Albert F. Cur'in
and Rev. Father Gleason will speak. The
committee is endeavoring to prevail upon
Miss Annie Kruger, niece of Oom Paul,
to sing the Boer national anthem on this
occasion. Mayor Snow will preside.
The following Bub-committees have beon
appointed: Decoration— J. R. Kelley, T.
Crowley, J. H. Creganf reception— J. H.
Cregan, P. Hanrahan, H. J. Weeks; res
olutions—H. J. Weeks, J. O'Brien. A. D.
Hougham; floor— D. 8. McCarthy, P. Han
rahan, J. Whelton; press— Paul Gold
smith, A. A. Denison, G. Davis, John Bpr
rett and E. A. O'Brien.
SPORTS ARE LIVELY
AT THE OLYMPIC CLUB
Interesting 1 Tournaments and Con
tests Arrang-ed — Try-Out of Can
didates for Fistic Honors. .
The board of directors of the Oylmpic
Club is doing Its utmost to keep amateur
pports alive in the institution. At a
meeting of the board last evening Leader
John A. Hammersmith and Captain
George James were instructed to keep
the good work progressing and these two
gentlemen are doing their share. They
have mapped out a programme of sports
for the month of February that will bring
joy to every athlete in the club and to
many who do not enjoy that distinction.
A cross-country run. led by Captain
James, will be held on February 7, and
a wrestling tournament will be held on
February IJ. The latter tournament will
be In the nature of a tryout, and the suc
cessful men in the various classes will be
pitted against the best the East sends to
the coast for the amateur championship
of the United States.
On every Wednesday night during the
month handicap swimming contests will
be held, and winners in the events will
receive suitable prizes. The races will be
held under the supervision of Sid Cavill,
the swimming instructor of the club, who
will handicap the participants. Entries
for the events will close on February 1.
AVater polo contests will also be held on
the same evenings. Professor Cavill is
¦working hard to secure four teams to
contest. He has already secured enough
entries for two teams. One of them Is
composed of L. Ferrenbach, Alex Pape,
D. A. Carroll, George James, R. C. Fen
ton. A. Eisenberg and C. Melrose. The
other consists of A. Taylor, F. Duran. \\\
Cavanaugh. G. 1/inkle, L. Hanrahan,
George Oroll and George Habenicht.
An indoor baseball game will be played
on Thursday night between two teams
composed of candidates for the nine which
is to represent the club in the Indoor base
ball tournament which opens in February-
Captain James will pay particular atten
tion to the playing of the men and make
his choice. The candidates are Fred
Tiutz, George James. L. Follansbee. C.
Derham. George Fuller, W. Cartwright,
Harry Monohan. A. Valdespino. W. Me-
Lain. Ed Stack, W. Haley, \V. Hanrahan,
J. Cunningham. J. Cosgrove, Phil Wand.
\V. Leach. Lex Ehrman and George
Eisner.
Jack O'Brien, the clever Philadelphia
boxer who Is to meet Al Xeill on Febru
ary 16> was at the club last night and
tried out three candidates for honors in
the tournament which will be held short
ly. O'Brien boxed three rounds each with
J. Doyle and Stewart Simpson, middle
weights, and with C. Mil wood, a heavy
weight. A large number of clubmen
watched the Eastern man spar and ap
plauded his efforts and gentlemanly con
duct.
DEATH STOLE UP
WHILE SHE LENT
LISTENING EAR
Sudden Calling of
Mrs. Tobriner.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Jan. 22.
while listening: to ner daughter-in-law
play the piano Friday evening Mrs. Ida
Tobriner succumbed to an attack of
heart disease. She had been a sufferer
for years from heart trouble, but she
had not recently complained and seemed
to be In unusually good health •on the
day of her death. She had been out
walking during the evening and return
ing went into the parlor where Mrs.
Isaac Tobriner. her daughter-in-law,
was playing the piano. Suddenly she
gasped, and her son. who was in the
room, ran to her side. "When he reached
her she was dead.
Mrs. Tobriner had lived in this city for
years and enjoyed the respe#t and con
fidence of a large circle of friends. The
funeral was held to-day at her late home.
164 Ninth street, Rabbi Frtedlander offi
ciating.
Positively enred by there
Uttle Pills.
They also rttieve Distress from Dyspepdai
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eaiing. A per-
fect rexnuly for Dizziness, Nausea, Drcv.-I-
ness, Bad Taste In the Mouth, Ccated Tccgoo
Pain In the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate ihe Bowels, Purely Vegetable.
Small Pin, Small Oose»
- 6mall P?l ce.
OCEAN TEAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
jta. Steamers leave Broadway
kW,^ wharf. -~.in Francisco:
r'*?^^^^ Fcr AiiAm portd, 1> a. m..
-t^J?TS*fv Jar.. 21. 2'i. 31. Feb. S. anga
Kskß?s\lS^ t0 csmP^y'* steamers it
HggSSrfjpll Fcr Vtctorta. Vane raver.
S-attie.' ' Tacoma, Er-?rett!
Anacortes and New What-
com (Wash.), 10 a. m.. Jan.
n. tt. a Ftb. 5 aad every fifth day thereafter:
ChaSe at Seattle to this company'!, •tearners
forXka and O. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to .N. P.
BFOB F0 : r a Eu^ O TH e u^it P Bay y >: t p. m.. Jan.
a s""plns or.ly at Port Harford
(Sin Luis ObisrO, Santa Barr.ara. Pert Los
A^eeles "and ReTlondo I Los Anpeies). 11 a. m..
JanVll. i 3, 23. Feb. 2. and cv t ry fourtii day
Magdalena Bay San Jos« , del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas. Sar.ta Rosalia
and ' Guaymaa (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7ta of eaca
"For 1*"1 *" further Information obtain company* ¦»
tO The' company res*rrts the right to charg*
eteamers. sailing dates and hours of saii.ng
without Dfvloti* notice.
TICKET omCE-4 New Montgomery
street iPalace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. O<«n Agta..
13 Market St.. San Francisco.
RULED OFF
TWO MEN FOR
MISCONDUCT
California Coursing Committee
Took Action — Notes of
the Meeting.
At a meetir.g of the California coursing
committee held last night J. Douglas and
J. H. Ryan of Sacramer.io were ruled off
the sword for conduct unbecoming gen
tlemen and coursing men. The action of
the committee was as swift as it was se
vera. Both men were members of tho
Capital City Coursing Club and were sum
marily dealt with by that orgasization for
their offenses and the matter was referred
to the board for action. The punishment
is extremely severe, as the erring ones
will be unable to participate in the sport
in any park under the jurisdiction of the
committee.
Among the other business transacted by
the board was the following: Sam's Folly,
by Hover-Queen, was accepted for regis
tration. 6am Mount is the owner of the
bitch. Daniel Delury was elected a mem
ber of the board as a representative of
the Ingleside Coursing Park. Any get of
Nig. by Phil Shcndan-Nora, will be re
ceived 'for registration. William O'Neil
and Dr. Weidon wtre elected as repre
sentatives of the Sacramento Coursing
Club. Secretary Malcom was notified by
the committee to notify the lng'.esida
Coursing Club and other clubs not to ac
cept the entry of American Eagle.
In tho discussion over the latter decision
it developed that American Kagle was
ruled off by the Interstate Coursing Club
two years ago and afterward reinstated
by the Ingleside Coursing Club. The mem
bers of the committee concluded that It
was not just to allow the dog to run at
one park to the exclusion of the other, and
therefore notified its secretary to inform
the clubs to refuse its entry. A litter by
American Eagle-Airship, however, will
be accepted for registration. Charles
Ueisler. owner of Lily of the Valley, will
be notified by the secretary to change the
name of his bitch to avoid future tangle.
The next meeting of the board will be held
on February 5. The following coursing
men compose the committee:
Interstate Coursing Club— J. F. Halton,
J. R. Dickson. P. Moran, J. A- Kline, R.
K. MaJcom; Ingleside Coursing Club— D.
Dillon, H. A. Deckelman, Dan Delury,
Captain Claxkson and W, E. Thompson;
unattached members — Judge John Grace,
Judge P. J. Reilly, Dr. Q. V. Hummel of
Indianapolis and Secretary George Mc-
Ewen. ________
MIDWEEK STAKE.
An Excellent Card to Be Bun Off at
Union Park To-Morrow — Prob
able Winners.
Short-ends are likely to play havoc with
the "talent" at Union Coursing Park to
morrow. The midweek stake, which Is to
be run off on the well-known coursing
grounds, was drawn last night in Pyth
ian Castle. Among the fifty-six entries
are some very good performers. They
have all been well matched and some ex
cellent sport is promised the devotees of
the sport.
The probable winners of the run down
are: Clifton Lass, Re-Annex, Athena,
Silver Lion, Jesse Moore, False Flatterer,
Pat Rellly. Mountain Belle, Van Knapp.
Narcissus, Vanity Fair, Singleton, Mercy
May, Hairbrain, Victor, Terrona, Marga
rita, Border's Best. McKinley, Nellie
Uawn. Lucretla Borgia, Commodore, Win
ning Ways, Black Bess, Kcho. Fair Flor
ence, Bit of Fashion and Hard Lines.
Narcissus is looked upon by experts as
the ultimate winner of the stake. The
prizes offered are $3) to the winner, $33
to the runner-up. 120 to the next, next
three $15 each, next seven $7 50 each and
next fourteen $2 50 each. Following is the
result of last night's drawing:
Midweek reserve stake, fifty-six entries— J.
O'Dowd's CliJton Lafa vs. G. Englehart
fnames) Mystery: Erwln &. Lynn's Silver Wing
vs. Pafha Kennels' H*-- Annex; Aeneld Ken
nels' Athena. v«. W. 11. Jones' Prince Jerome;
Erwln & Lynn's Silver Lion vt. T. A. Gaff
ney's Sir John Arnot; D. J. Healey*» Maggie
>; vs. W. Cramer's Jesse Moore; Maher &
Reid's Had Boy v». F. Moran's False Flat
terer: M. J. O'Nell's Pat Ileilly vs. P.arteis
Hrcs." Ilallroom Belle; \V. J. Hrownlngr's Moun
tain Belle vs. J. Hunter's Bloomfield; Aenefd
Kennels' Van Knapp vs. R. Attridpe (name*)
Masterpiece; Curtis & Son's Narcls?us vs. W.
H. Jones' Rui-tin; Curtis & Pnn'n Vanity Fair
vs. Pasha Kennels' Run Ashore; J. Kane's
Mlra Monte vs. Maher & Reid's Singleton;
M. London's Magneto vs. W. F. Hobb's Mercy
May: W. Terry's Campania vs. F. Cox (names)
Hairbrain; J. R. Smith's Victor vs. W. H.
Lord's Re\olver; Jean easterly's Lady Blanche
vs. W. C. Glasson's Terrona; J. H. Mullens
Margarita vs. Gus Abercmmble's Miss Rabbit;
Bartels Hros.' Border's Best vs. S. Moore's
Rox; Curtis & Pen's McKinley vs. R. Goddard
• names) Judge Wallace; Kay Bros.' Ethel vs.
Maher & Iteld's Nellie Bawn; Sterl &.
Knowles' O'Hara vs. P. J. Horgan's Lucretla
Borgia: J. McEnrose's Norwest vs. Curtis &.
Pon'B Commodore; R. Goddard (names) Storm
King vs. E. Baumeister's Winning Ways: J.
Dielcson's Black Bess vs. S. Mahoney's Chief
of the Hill: Curtis & Son's Eoho vs. Kelly &
Ha.ndley'B Baby King: W. H. Lord's Fair Flor
ence vs. J. Burns' Nellie B: F. Moran's Bit of
Fashion vs. Bartels Bros.' Beer Brewer; M. B
Cavanaugh'a Hard Lines va. J. McCullough'a
Flashing Leas.
SENSATIONAL DIVORCE
CASE SUDDENLY ENDS
OAKLAND, Jan. 22.— The sensational
Alameda divorce suit of Matilda Munro
against James A. Munro. brought on the
grounds of desertion and infidelity, cams
to a speedy termination to-day. The cas«»
came up for further trial and no one a\t
peared for defendant. Suddenly plaintiffs
attorneys announced a proposition to drop
proceedings, and by consent a decree of
divorce was denied by Judge Ellsworth.
The defendant, however, was ordered to
' pay to plaintiff for her separate main
tenance $W on the 12th of each month.
The divorce suit of John L. Wilson
; against Sarah K. \Vllson.«hrought on the
j ground of desertion, was to-day trans
ferred to Madera. Kings County, where
the defendant resides.
Superior Judge Ogden to-day granted
Ella Merchant a divorce from Evan M«*r
1 rhar.t on the ground of failure to provide.
Defendant has been ordered to pay to
; plaintiff $700— %Z'*) this year and the s»am<»
j amount next year— for the support of
i their minor children.
a 4j.Toi caliber, hit him nquarely. spent
though It was. he would have sustained
a fractured Jaw and possibly he might
have been a subject for the Coroner.
TOOK A LITTLE
FLING AT THE
GOVERNOR'S ACT
County Clerk Jordan's
Notice.
ALL OVER REGISTRATION
IMPORTANT.
Notice to
VOTERS
REGISTRATION.
Office of the County Clerk, Alameda
County, Cal.
Notice is hereby given that in accord
ance with the provisions of chapter 53,
Statutes of 1899, a^ voters of Alameda
County must apply for reregistration in
order to be able to vote at the general
election in November.
Owing to the failure of the Gov
ernor to approve the Act providing
assistance for Clerk passed in both
branches of the last Legislature with
but one dissenting vote, it is impor
tant that voters should apply for regis
tration at once in order to expedite the
work.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
903 Broadway, Jan. 22.
This la a portion of the Alameda County
notice fox reregistration that the Alameda
County Board of Supervisors rescinded to
day as reflecting upon Governor Gage.
Under the new registration law it is
necessary for every voter to reregister,
and County Clerk Frank C. Jordan has
been struggling for several weeks to se
cure additional help from the Board of
Supervisors to do this work. His strug
gles for this help went back to the last
session of the Legislature, when a bill al
lowing him this help was passed, but was
vetoed by Governor Gage, throwing the
l/urden of this work upon his shoulders.
On top of this the Alameda County Super
visors refused to allow him any additional
assistance for the work, ana Jordan is
now behind the proposed extra session
in the hope of securing assistance from
the Legislature.
One week ago the Supervisors author
ized County Clerk Jordan to issue a no
tice to voters, the preparation of the no
tice being left to him. The notice was
prepared and printed for the Ilrst time
on Friday evening.
In that notice the County Clerk told
some of the story of his failure to secure
help through the Governor's veto, and the
Supervisors objected to this to-day as a
reflection upon the Governor from an of
ficial source.
Supervisor Church called the attention
of the beard to what was considered a
reflection upon the Governor In an official
document. Several of the Supervisors ex
pressed the opinion that while the reflec
tion was probably not intentional that' it
did not look well in a statement issued
under authority of their board. The au
thority to issue and publish the call for
reregistration was then rescinded, and the
matter will come up at another meeting
of the board when County Clerk Jordan
can be present in person.
County Clerk Jordan was called last
night out of the city and the board could
secure no statement from him.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
LARGE FAMILY
ALLOWANCE IS
IN JEOPARDY
Executrix Steeie Is
Again Cited.
HENRY MORSE'S BIG CLAIM
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan 22.
Emma S. McPherson Steeie, widow of
the late E. L. G. t-teele. has been cited to
appear before Superior Judge Greene next
Monday to show cause why her $1<X«)
monthly family allowance should not be
discontinued.
The citation was issued to-day on pe
tition of Henry N. Morse, who ask 3
that Mrs. Steeie also show cause why
she should not pay into court out of mon
eys in her hands as executrix of the es
tate of her husband the sum of $20,2^0.
there to be paid over to Morse in the
event that he should establish his claim
now In litigation in a suit against the
executrix, pending on appeal in the Su
preme Court.
E. L. G. Steeie died In 1594. and his es
tate was appraised at J156.(0. Within the
statutory time Morse presented a claim
for $'J f ),2<i<) against the estate, which claim
was based on a contract between Steels
and Morso, dited September 20, 1592.
whereby the former 'undertook to care
for a hundred Jacks, jennies, mares, etc..
belonging to Morse anil placed on Steele's
Ranciio "Felicfdad." near Salmon Falls,
for breeding purposes; and at the end of
four years the colts were to be sold for
the mutual benefit of both parties and
the proceeds were to be equally divided,
Morse alleges that Steeie during his life
time neglected to properly care for the
animals; that now the ranch is in charge
of Frank V. Terry, and there are but
twenty-seven of the animals and their In
crease remaining from the original herd.
When Morse presented his claim to the
widow executrix she ignored the same,
and the former, deeming this a rejection,
brought suit, which terminated last
March In Judgment for the widow. Morse,
however, appealed the case to the Su
preme Court, where It Is still pending, lie
sets up that numerous claims were filed
against the estate, and because of the de
preciation In values of property and the
accumulation of the family allowance the
estate will be unable to pay its indebt
edness together with costs of administra-.
tion dollar for dollar: but that recently
the executrix received $37,500 in settlement
of a claim against Florence Blvthe
Ilinckley for moneys advanced by E. L.
G. Steeie to enable the latter to prose
cute her contest over the late Thomas
Blythft's millions. Now Morse asks that
Mrs. Steeie pay into court the amount he
hopes to recover through a possible re
versal of the decision of the Superior
Court.
road for the amusement and edification of
the Westerner.W esterner.
Olympia.
There Is a pood bill at the Olympia this
week. Will H. Hill's performance on the
hl^h wire was well received last night,
and the pictures thrown on the form of a
young woman who calls herself Mile.
Ihelma were thoroughly appreciated. The
other attractions are acceptable.
Chutes.
The moving pictures of the Jeffrles-
Eharkey fight at Coney Island are prov
ing a groat card at the Chutes Theater.
Last night the numerous exciting round 3
were wildly applauded by a large audi
ence. Robert Smilax and company and
their comedy bulldogs give a novel act
in which a brindle pug plays the star
role. Major Mite appears this week in
a Hebrew impersonation, singing "Oh,
Such a Business." and makes a quick
change to an Irishman. Matt Keefe. a
sweet-voiced tenor, received three en
cores, and the three D'Estelle sisters gave
pome pretty fancy and grotesque dances.
The Leandor brothers, gladiatorial acro
bats, and the Columbian Four, musical
artists, completed an interesting pro
gramme.
Trebelli's First Concert.
The first of the Trebelll concerts was
piven last nipht at Sherman & Clay Hall,
which w.is comfortably filled, for the most
part with well-known musical people.
There wap promise in the programme of
a delightful evening of song, and the re
peated bursts of applause were hardly
necessary to testify that the prima donna
was soul-satisfying. It is three years now
since Mile. Trebellis voice has been heard
in this city, ami last night at the conclu
sion of the concert the verdict was freely
expressed on all sides that it was absolute
perfection.
The lengthy programme was introduced
with Dvorak's very difficult "O. Virgin
Mother" ("Specter Bride"), in which the
singer showed the great sustaining power
of her voice. In the balatella from "I
Pagliaeci" and in Mascagni's "Pera
d'Amore" and '"La Tua Stella" the purest
method wits shown. Undoubtedly, how
fVfr, the most pleasing number on the
programme was the "Carnival of Venice,"
replete with opportunity to display the
wonderful riches of the "singer's voice. At
the close sh*> was encored repeatedly.
The possibilities revealed in the first
part of the programme were more than
achieved in the second. Great power of
expr*»ssion was shown in the familiar
songs. "Away, Away!" "Cherry Ripe"
and Haydn's "My Mother Bids Me
Bind My Hair." In Bemburg's
musical setting of Theodore de Ban
dille's "l'Amour de ma Mie" and
Chaminade's "Si J'etais Jardinier" Mile.
Trebelll was as clear and as sparkling as
champagne. She closed with Tosti's
"Spring" and was so loudly applauded
that she responded with the famous
"Laughing Song."
Robert Clarence Newell, the accompan
ist, showed remarkable technique in
Schutt soli in the Interlude.
Mile. Trebelll will give two more con
certs this week at Sherman & Clay Hall,
one Thursday evening and the other Sat
urday afternoon.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 23, 1900.
AMERICAN LINE.
HIW YOBK. SOUTHAM?TOH. LCSDOS. PAW!
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday. 15 a. m.
New York Jan. 24 I New Yorlt Feb. M
St. LgsLb Jan. SI Ft. LcuU Feb. n
St. Paul Feb. 7 | Friea'.and Feb. 23
RED STAR LINE.
New YorK aod Antwerp.
From New Ycrk -very Wednesday, 12 noon.
Friealand Jan. 24 I Kensington ....Feb. 14
Southwark Jan. 31 I Noordland F»b. II
WeEternlar.ii....Feb. 7 | Frieslaad Feb. 23
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Mlcfjael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPAXT.
20 Montgomery at., cr any of its agencies
9MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6 per cent: Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84« Markst
et.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third st.
ANY proposition any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
In estates, lesacle*, Ufa insurance: chattel
morteaeea; confidential: advice free. G. E.
OLSEN,. room 16. first floor. Chronic!* bldg.
AVOID delay; try all others, then see me; $C 0
to $100,000; 6 per cent; Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages.estates In probate.undlvided interests In
estates. legacies and mortgages bought: a>lvic»
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. 632 Markt.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamond*,
watches. Jewelry. "W. J. HESTHAL, 1) Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
AT lit Kearny, rm. ». r«spectab!» private plac»
to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 995.
ON furniture and pianos without removal, quick
service; money direct; lowest interest. Rooina
68 and 89. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
ON PEAL estate, Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on,
furniture or pianos: no removaJ: any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER. 26 Montgomery at.
MEN can secure loans on personal note. AUS-
TIN'S SALARY LOAN CO.. 366 Parrott bMg.
LOANS to salaried people. TOUSLEY." 430 Par-
rott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people or note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner buildins.
TO salaried men; without collateral or Indorsee.
S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Pheian building.
$50 TO $;0.C00: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortis.;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture pianos, without removal: no
commission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
IF your property is mortgraged an d you need
mo— money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
"United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and low-priced planes
where they can be exchanged for a Steinway
within three years and have full purchase
price allowed. We are selling new upright
pianos for $6 per month, and some pood pianos
for $3 $4 and $3 per month. SHERMAN.
CLAY & CO.. Steinway Dealers, cor. Kearny
and Sutter tt9., San Francisco; cor. Thir-
teenth and tiroadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest houss
west of Chlcaso fs KOHLER it CHASE'S.
26, 23 and 30 O'Farrell St.: pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
50 SLIGHTLY used high and medium grade
pianos; special discounts for cash; open Sat.
evenings. Heine Piano Mfg. Co.. 13S Ellis ?t.
A BEAUTIFUL Packard Baby Grand Just re-
ceived at MAUVAI3'. 763 Market st.
THE Decker piano- • the universal favorite;
new styles: full assortment; low prices. At
MAUVAIS'. 7»>9 Market st.
A GOOD bargain can always be found at
MAUVAIS'. 760 Market st.
L ' RGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos prices reduced to Insure prompt tales.
W. C. 'HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
UPRIGHT piano. " Neumann Hamburg" : pro-
nounced by experts the best in S. F. : nearly
new of solid construction: wonderful power
and sweetness of tone: value $600; to be sold
for only $300 cash. 1236 Market St.. room 121-.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LEh & CHASE. 30 OFarrell st.
A NICE piano; must be sold at once for cost
of storage. Room 10. Flood building.
WE are still renting new pianos at $3 per
month. Scott-i.'urtaz Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st.
Vv O. BADGER. 413 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
CON'OVER. Colby and Spencer pianos. Spencer
warerooms. ISIB Market st.
FINE upright piano, little used, cheap for
cash. Ul3 Powell st.
FINE Fischer &. Steinway upright; sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary »t.
BARGAIN— :. Ice upright piano; only $60 cash;
sold for storage. 1710 Market st.
GOOD upright piano; nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG'S.2I6 McAllHter St.
BARGAIN— Good upright; cheap. SCHMITZ. 1«
McAllister st. next Hlbernia Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and now H.
MI'LLFR. miker. rprntrer. 2 Latham rince.
OFFICES AND STORES TO L_T. "
FOLSOM. 870— Large sunny store, sultableTor
any business; also 10 sunny rooms; upper
part. UMBSEN. 14 Montgomery st.
STORE. 4 living rooms and stable; 2 blocka
from Market st. KELLY, owner 437 Farrott
building.
$20— STORE; 2 show windows and r, large rooms;
adapted to any business. 422 Sixth gt.
LARGE, elegant store. 'J93 Valencia street; busi-
ness center: low rent.
PARTNERS WANTED.
" W l'\ NTN TF D r2 33 2 0O: P artner general merchandise;
established 7 years: pal.l $15C6 year 1539- ob-
ject, to Increase business: money to be t«-
Invested. Address S. J.. Call office.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
POLYCHROME~^a^er. rich la~toie77_y" ti
.? rtc * : "jraPle <lsw« <x 5 and d«v£
*p«r mailed JSc C_ Camera Co.. 23 G****,
EMPLOYMENT W AJfTEP M * I JB.
DANISH- AMERICAN lad wants any "work;
rome experience cabinet making. Box 4137,
Call office.
RELIABLE private family man wants situa-
tion; good hand with horses, garden, cows,
fowls or any work about place: flrst-class
references. Address M. C, 641 Bush st.
GERMAN man wants work by the day as flrst-
class house and kitchen cleaning. Address
C. H.. 127 Turk st.
BARBER, 12 years' experience, wishes position
in small town. Address T. G. ADAMS, 204
Turk St., room 15, San Francisco.
A POSITION as nurse, valet or Indoor servant
by middle-aged man of good habits: best of
references. M. "W., box 1506. Call office.
AN intelligent young man of good address is
desirous of securing home in return for serv-
lces. Integrity, box 2570. Call.
BY a first-class painter and decorator: a good
all-around mechanic; best of reference; 2
days from New York City. Address 11. yon
HOVELING. Brooklyn Hotel, city.
$25 TO person procuring position for young
man of good habits as collector or any cleri-
cal or office work; good security; no triflers.
Box 1048. Call.
COACHMAN, Englishman, wants situation, or
man about place; understands cows, chickens
and Is a thorough horseman in every way; a
good place appreciated; references. Box 4144,
Call office.
JAPANESE housecleaning boy wants situation
to work by the day or the hour. SASAKI, 521
Jessie st.
POSITION in engine room by young man hav-
ing had two years' experience running trao-
tion and stationary engines. Address box 1025,
Call office.
POSITION as bookkeeper, accountant, cashier.
business manager, ordinary clerk or all com-
bined: references unexceptionable. Address
box 4263. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. : open till 9 p. m.
EXCHANGE.
FOR exchange for something valuable: San
Jose residence property. A. K. SPERO. 2154
University aye.. Berkeley. Cal. •
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
OEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician;
German eye water by mall. 50c. 1071H Market
st.. San Francisco: examination fre*.
FLATS TO LET.
CORNER flat, T rooms, all sunny; formerly
occupied by a. doctor. 417H Third Bt.
FINE sunny flat of 6 rooms and bath; $18:
Seymour aye., near Golden Gate aye. and
Scott St. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14
Montgomery st.
FLAT to let— 6 rooms and bath, yard and
basement attached. 122V4 Noe st.. bet. Four-
teenth and Fifteenth. •
IK you want to move get printed list flats to let
frcm BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
TURK. 520D — Sunny flat 4 rooms: large bath;
basement and yard; $13; no children.
TV.'O flats; 4 roms each; 1 flat furnished; 2
baths; 2 toilets; all necessaries. 1917 Geary.
SUNNY upper flat; six rooms, bath; rent rea-
sonable. Corner Clay and Webster ats.
$C— TWO rooms and yard. 726 1 ,£ Harrison St.,
between Third and Fourth.
$11— SUNNY flat; 4 rooms, bath; hot and
cold water free. 2718 McAllister St., nr. park.
$11— No less; fiat 4 rooms; folding doors; marble
mantel. 715 Tehama St., near Eighth.
$12— ELEGANT sunny bay-window flat; 4
rooms, bath. 314 Preclta aye.. near Folsom st.
FREE TO ALL..
BKAUTIFULLY Illustrated book,' by sending I
address to lock box 643. Los Angeles. Cal.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED iron bedsteads, all sizes, $2 90;
heavy matting, 10c r p r yard; 30x60 inch rugs,
$1. Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310-1312 Stockton
¦t., near Broadway; open evenings.
ALMOST new Brussels carpet; reasonable. 507
Eighth st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buya
furniture, carpets. 7u7 Mission; tel. Red. 33.'5.
HELP WASTED- FEMALE.
A— lo SECOND girls, $25 and $20, city and coun-
try; chambermaid and waltreps, $25; a wait-
ress, private family. $23; 4 nurse girls, $20 to
$25; governess, 1 boy 9 years old, $15; 6 Ger-
man and Swedlßh cooks, $30 and $35. House-
work—San Rafael, $25; Berkeley, $25, 3 In
family; Oakland. $23; San Mateo, $25; Sau-
salito, $25; Belvedere, $25. Twenty housework
girls city and country, $25 and $20; 10 wait-
resses and chambermaids, $20 and $22 50, city
and country: « arm waitresses, city, $7 and $3
per week. MIPS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
5 more waitresses, Los Angeles, free fare,
$25: 12 waitresses, Pasadena, • special rates,
$20; 6 waitresses, Coronado Beach, special
rates, $20; 4 chambermaids, Coronado Beach,
special rates, $20; waitresses for St. Helena,
Watsonvllle, San Joae, Fresno, Keswlck (fare
here) and city, $20; 2 cooks, city boarding-
house, $33: fancy ironer, country, $25.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Woman about 55 years of age to care for two
nmall children and superintend housekeeping,
$15- 2 cooks, German families. $25; 14 girls
for general housework, $25 and $20; 2 nurse
girls. $10 and $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
MRS. M. E. DAY, recently manager of the
"Hotel Gazette" Employment Bureau, ha«
resumed charKe of our female department
and will be pleased to see or hear from all
her friends and patrons, old and new. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Waitress for officers' dining-room
for institution, short distance In country,
middle-aged woman preferred, first-class po-
sition, at $25 per month. "W. D. EWER &
CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED— Neat girl for general housework for
American family, short distance in country,
$25; see party at our office this forenoon.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter St.
WANTED— ParIor maid and waitress, $25; sec-
ond girl. San Rafael. $20; 5 second girls, $20,
$2.V, 2 nurse girls. $20, $25; 3 cooks, plain wash,
$30; 5 cooks. German style, $25, $30; 6 hotel
waitresses. $20; restaurant cook». $7 and $10
a week; chambermaids and waitresses, $6, $7
a week; a large number of girls for the coun-
try, $20. $25. $30. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
Sl6 Sutter st.
WANTED— Typewriter and stenographer, must
speak German, act as office clerk. See J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
COOK, $35; two cooks, $30 and $25; Second girl.
$20; nurse girl, one child 6 years old, $12;
young second girl to assist, $12; house girl,
$30: 4 house girls, $25 each; house girl, Berk-
eley. $30; middle-aged woman, light house-
work, $15 to $20. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
4 SECOND girls, city, $25 and $20; a waitress,
country, $23; a cook, American family, $30;
a number of housework girls and girls to as-
sist, from $25 to $15. MISS H. CULLINAN,
323 Sutter St.
WE want a few more flrst-class house to
house solicitors; a liberal proposition and
good commissions. Western Advertising Com-
pany. 313 Bush st.
WANTED— Strong girl for general housework.
1460 O'Farrell st.
OPERATORS on vests; highest wages paid.
641V4 Stevenson st^
GIRL for light housework; 2 In family. 224
Broderick st.
NEAT young German girl to assist with light
housework. Call 954 McAllister at.
WANTED— A girl for cooking and housework:
3 in family. 836 Union St., corner of Taylor.
COMPETENT girl; housework and cooking;
wages $1*; call before 9 a. m. 142S McAllister.
WANTED— A girl to do light housework. 6»
Eighth St., between 8 and 10 a. m.
RELIABLE girl to care for children; com-
fortable home; $12; call 1 and 3, Tuesday only.
615 Powell st. • : ;
25 EXPERIENCED operators on silk waists;
aleo corder. B. F. Mfg. Co., 409 A Turk st.
COMPETENT, neat girl, housework and cook-
ing; Infant's small wash: $15 to $20; steady
place; apply after 9. 720 Bay St., near Hyde.
WANTED— A good waitress. 704 Larkln st.
GIRL for general housework and cooking for
one lady; references; 2 to 4. 1632 Sacramento.
YOUNG girl as cook; references. Call 536 Sut-
ter at., between 10 and 3.
GIRL for general housework; must be good
cook; references. Call Tuesday, between 9
! and 12. 2303 Van Ness aye.
MIDDLE-AGED or elderly woman for house-
work; plain cooking and washing for family
of 8. 1521 California St., upstairs.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Last Friday, Eighteenth and Valencia,
black cocker spaniel, white under neck. Re-
turn 1330VJ Natoma St.: reward.
LOST— GoId spectacles Friday, near Alcazar
Theater. Return 1422 Green st. ; reward.
LOST— Set of teeth. Return to 225 Drumm at.;
reward.
A GREYHOUND pup. white, with red mark-
ings on ears. Suttable reward if returned to
I. H. FRANK. 1408 Post st.
LOST— A passbook with The Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of HENKIETTE RAFELD. No. 229-743.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST on Market st. — Enamel and diamond
locket. Finder return to SE. corner Califor-
nia and Laguna sts. : liberal reward. . ?
LOST— January 8. a black and tan deerhound
bitch. Return to A. MAZUE. 9 Jansen St.,
and receive reward.
LOST— English setter. Return to JOHN BER-
GEX. 334 Pin" St., and receive reward; name
on collar.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of EMIL GLARNER: No. 212-784. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A passbook with tne HI Derma Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of MRS. CATHERINE DALTON- No
ISS-020. The finder will please return to bank.
FOUND— A lady's red enamel watch. Apply at
614 Kearny st.. room 51.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. KOHL, the only reliable ladles' phy-
sician and specialist of long and successful
practice; private home for patients before and
during confinement; best of care; guaranteed
treatment at office. $o; safe and reliable; con-
sultation free. 1122 Market St.. between Ma-
son and Taylor; hours, 9 to 5.
DRS. GOODWIN, the welf-known ladles' spe-
cialist, formerly of 401 Van Ness, 1362 Market,
has returned from Europe with Improved
methods and advanced knowledge; cure at
office $3: warranted; 15 years' successful prac-
tlce In 8. F. Office. 118 Eddy st.. near Mason.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable ladles' physician
and specialist: home for patients In confine-
ment or with chronic diseases: best care;
guaranteed treatment at office, $5; consulta-
tion free. 942 Post St., bet. Hyde and Lar-
kln: hours 10 to 5, 7 to 8.
DR. G. W. CDONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years; treated thousands
of cases successfully; treatment can be used
at home: consultation free: success cuaran-
teed. Write or call at 1023\$ Market «t.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market St.— Ladle,
specialist; guaranteed treatment at office. $.".
safe and reliable; consultation free; hours Id
to S.
WOMEN'S medical and surgical Institute: sci-
entific treatment; confidential: consultation
free. 1236 Market. Murphy bldg.. rma. 127-138.
DR. POPPER, ladles' physician for 37 years;
call on a physician with man's fcm~ledxe;
cure $5; consultation free. 318 Kearny st.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 1228 Market: ladles'
. physician; chronic diseases treated: late sden-
tlfic methods; cure guaranteed; treatment $S.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 111S Market
st.: every case guaranteed; $3 up.
MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy st., bet. Hyde
and Larkln: hours. 10 to 12. 2 to 4 and 7 to 8.
Mrs. Dr. Allen. 1035 Market. ladles specialist;
guaranteed treatment at office. $5. Hrs..lO to g.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private home
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate are.
DR. W ONO HIM. herb doctor, treats all dl»-
easea of the human body. 115 Masoa at.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
"WANTED— Young girl to assist In »rener»l
housework; wages $12. 317 First st.
WANTED— An apprentice for dressmaking;
paid while learning. 1933 Howard St.
WANTED— A good plain cook; wages $20. Ap-
ply at 1140 Oak at.
WANTED— Young girl for light housework; $10
per month. 124 A Eleventh st.
GIRL for light housework; 1 in family; no
washing; wages $S; references. Address box
7643, Call office.
RELIABLE girl for light housework and as-
sist with baby; wages $15. Call after 10 at
2222 Geary st.
TAILORESS on flne coats: only flrst-claes
young girl need apply. 629 Post st.
NEAT girl for general housework; references;
good home. 603 Guerrero st.
GIRL for housework; call in forenoon. 2126
Post st., near Scott.
WANTED— GirI to assist In general housework.
737 McAllister gt., near Octavla.
STARCH work lroners at 790 Elizabeth st.. be-
tween 23d and 24th; good wages.
GERMAN girl: housework: one stopping home
pred. Call after 9 a. m.. 10S3 Mkt. upstairs.
GIRL to learn halrdresslng; also one to learn
manicuring and face massage. 240 Stockton.
GIRLS looking for housework call at MRS. O.
D. SCOTT'S. 2143 Dwlght way. Berkeley.
SINGLE ladles wishing to Join a social club
send address to MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis Bt.
WOMEN and girls on steam power sewing ma-
chines; experienced or inexperienced. Shirt
Factory. 36^4 Fremont St.; elevator.
LADIES' cloaks, suits, $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton, near Broadway.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109 C Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; open until 9 p. m.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
YOUNG couple take charge of residence;
woman cook; man assist; $30; country; light
place. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.. PHONE GRANT ISX
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
hotel clerk, country, flrst-class place; head
waiter, country, $50; second cook, $65; night
cook, $60: elevator and bellboys, country and
city hotels, $15; French waiter, $40; third
cook, $45; German waiter, $9 a week
MISCELLANEOUS
100 coal miners for New Mexico, special rates
of fare; teamsters for the Coast Road, free
fare; miners, $2 50 a day; farmers, woodchop-
pers and others. C R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st. __^______
SECOND cook for mine boarding-house, $40. C
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 6S4S
LEADING EMPLOYMENT AGENTS
AT 7 A. M
pile driver; 2 single hand miners $60
iron molder, miller, 2 butchers $52 to $60
TEAMSTERS AND LABORERS
4-horse teamster, dairy $30 and found
8 4-horse teamsters, $1 fare $2 day
6 2-horse teamsters, $1 fare $175 day
10 laborers. 25 miles from city $45 50
2 more swampers for woods $30 and found
9 farm hands $20, $25 and $26 and found
15 pruners for vineyards and orchards
$26 and found
tlemakers: woodchoppers; shingle bolt mak-
ers; 45 woodchoppers, 4 ft. and stovewood, $1 73,
$150, $125 and 73c per cord; 15 shingle bolt
makers, $150 per cord: 23 tlemakers, 13c. 12c.
10c and 9c each. MURRAY & READY. 634 |
and C!t Clay st. |
BLACKSMITH'S helper and wife, see boss here,
$40 and found. MURRAY & READY. 634 and
t3G Clay st.
COOKS WAITERS DISHWASHERS
cooks, $<0, $35 and $30; waiters, $30, $25 and
$20: waiter, country north, $25 and
found; German younjr man for grocery store,
city, $7 week; washer for country laundry.
$30 and found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 Clay s^
FARE PAID FARE PAID
20 laborers for large Sawmill Co., no experi-
ence required. $20 and found. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay Bt.
GERMAN Catholic choreman, ccc boss here, $23
and found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 63«
Clay st.
"WANTED— Gardener, private place, near city,
must be able to drive, etc., $25 and found; sec-
ond hand baker on bread, city, $9 per week;
young man about institution, no experience
required, $10 per month, board, room and
washing; 5 more miners, $2 per day. part fare
paid; 50 men, different places, to chop wood,
shingle bolt, ties, etc, at going prices, see
party In city; farmers, milkers and others. W.
D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay St.
"WANTED— Stableman and driver for institu-
tion; plumber for Arizona, fare paid, see boss
here: man and wife, private family, $30: car-
riage smith's helper and finisher, $2 25 day; 2
milkers and choreman, $25; machine black-
smith: cooks, waiters, dishwashers and oth-
ers. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento.
WA.NTED — Porter and assistant waiter for
club; young man; $20 to $25 and found. J. F.
CROSETT Si CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
"WANTED— A butler, with references; $40.
Apply MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
BARBER'S Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ.
Employment Secy., 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 151.
INDUSTRIAL Insurance solicitor and collector
wanted. Apply 12:30 to Ip. m., W. 11. CHAP-
MAN, Ell Montgomery.
GOOD waiter wanted at 315 Grant aye.
BARBER wanted at 433 Pine st.
COOK wanted. 210 Townsend st.
JAP wanted for night bath man. Call at 9
a. m., 54 Third st. /
FIRST-CLASS painter; must mix colors. 340
Third St., room 10.
BOOTBLACK. 947 Fillmore St., corner of Mc-
Allister; wages.
"WANTED— Two extra waiters. 608 Seventh st.
"WAITER wanted at 615 Clay st.
DISHWASHER wanted; call early. 135 Fifth
street.
GOOD dishwasher. 517 Montgomery st.
WANTED — A young man with experience as
carriage painter. 933 Brannan St., nr. Ninth.
LARGE, strong boy; $5 week. 1218 Market st.
ACTIVE boy; drive wagon, help in grocery;
wages $3 per week. Box 1078, Call office.
WANTED— A young man willing to work two
hours a day In exchange for full course In a
business college. Address box 1077, Call.
BOY wanted for Jewelry store; state references.
Box 4139. Call office.
COAT, vest, pants maker; call early. 635
Kearny st.
YOUNG man who resides in the Mission to as-
sist in waiting at table in cafe evenings.
Apply 1001 Valencia st.
OPERATOR wanted on custom coats; also er-
rand boy. 304 Tehama st.
BOY wanted to run elevator. Fair-mount Hotel,
Market and Tenth sts.
BARBERS — 2-chalr shop for sale cheap; good
location. 320 Sixth st.
SOI JCITORS* wanted for the "Memoirs of
D-wlght L. Moody." written by his son and
assisted by Ira D. Sankey; published with
the authority of Mrs. Moody and family; only
book authorized or authentic; demand enorm-
ous; harvest time for agents; large profits;
credit given; freight paid. Address The Do-
minion Company, Dept. L, Chicago.
SALESMAN wanted— Successful subscription
book salesmen will learn of rare opportunity
by addressing or calling at 927 Market St..
room 622.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
600 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. £62 Mission at., between Ist and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while watting; 25c to
:-oc. 562 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
BEAMEN, green hands and ordinary seamen,
at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best in city. 406 McAllister.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade In 8 weeks;
day and evening class; special Inducement
this season; handsome illustrated catalogue
and souvenir free; only institution in the
world teaching the barber and halrdresslng
trades. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay st. Branches — San Francisco, New York,
St Louis. Chicago. Minneapolis.
MEN and women to learn barber trade; day
and evening classes. Expert instruction at
S. F. BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard st.
PENSIONS-J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attor-
ney. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
- tucky sts.; optn till B p. m.
HELP IVANTEp~-MALB^^
sw^s7r?GLE~7urn?slhed rooms. 10c. 150 and 2So
per night. Llndell. Sth and Howard; read, nn.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH otflce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc — For Sal*
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
SO HEAD flne draught and driving borses at
1621 and 1625 Market St.. bet. Twelfth and
Brady; also some fine matched black teams.
100 HEAD mares and geldings; 4. 2. 10 years
old: 1000 to 1400 lbs.; }40 to SlOO-. mostly all
broke. At the Canty Ranch, Grayeon, Cal.
FOR sale — Cheap, brown team. ISH: 10 years
old. DALZIEL. Vet. DentUt. 6C5 Q. G. aye.
HOl'sES LODGING— FOR SALE.
109-ROOM house: corner: clears $300 $2500
10 rooms; on O'Farrell st 325
10 rooms; on Taylor; worth $SQO 450
33 rooms; corner; clears $150 1600
10-room flat: clears $150 COO
I WILL SELL YOU EITHER HOUSE IN
PAYMENTS TO SUIT.
Corner on Market; clears $400.. 104 rooms. ,s4Soo
Near Call office; worth $2000... 29 rooms.. 1200
Mod. house: elev. : clears $500.. 84 rooms.. 7200
Easy payments: Interest at 10
per cent; clears $150 32 rooms.. 1600
On one floor; clears $100 19 rooms., poo
Flat: new furniture; rent $14.. 7 room*.. S5O
Paying house; clears $150 23 rooms.. S5O
Downtown; rent $25 21 rooms.. 325
New flat; rent $14 ?.xooms.. 250
Market St.; rent $75 26 rooms.. R.">o
Corner; only $300 cash 18 rooms.. 800
Clearing $100; rent $50 26 rooms.. 550
Boarding: corner house 32 rooms.. 2000
Hotel and bar; 65 boarders 59 rooms.. 400
ICO other houses, 3 to 500 rooms; $T>o t0... 10. 000
CALL. I CAN SUIT YOU IN TERMS.
PRICE AND LOCATION. MONEY TO LOAN
ON ANY HOUSE. TELEPHONE JOHN 5L
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market, opp. Fifth st.
14 RCTOMS; well furnished; rent $40 $353
2X rooms; all rented; rent $43 300
40 rooms: flne location; rent $75 1000
100 rooms at a great bartrain: rent $200 3600
65 r. ; rent $100; $1700. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
J22fV> — PART cash; 42 rooms; best location north
Market: finely fur.; all rented. Basile, 3 Eddy.
10-ROOM house near Market st. ; clears $30
month: rent $20 month. BASILEi, 3 Eddy st.
$1600—23 ROOMS; all on 1 floor: $800 down: tal-
ance at 1 per cent per month: paying well.
$325 — 8 rooms; nice flat; on easy payments.
$s©o— 22 rooms; good location; $50 rent; easy
payments.
15 houses from $300 to $2000; paying well;
good locations; easy payments.
A. R. E. & R. CO.. 743 Mission tt.
$375— Post, nr. Mason. $1250— Eddy, nr. Jones.
$10.000— Sutter, near $3500— Powell st.
Pleasanton. $650— U rooms down-
s4soo— 6o- room corner. town.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market «L
PRIVATE rooming house; 9 rooms, nicely fur-
nished; 7 rooms rented; paying $15 above rent:
no reasonable offer refused; rent $25. 1223
Folsom st.
$200—8 ROOMS and bath, completely furnished,
will Rell very reasonable; part cash; balance
easy installments. 812 Howard st-
LODG ING-HOUSE— S33 Broadway; 20 runny
rooms; must sell on account of sickness; $450.
28 ROOMS: all full; paying well; good reason
for selling; rent $60. 420 Sixth st.
HOUSE of 13 rooms and bath, on Minna st..
near Third. Address box 1012. Call office.
SMALL good-paying boardlng-hous*: full;
steady: reasonable. Box 1043, Call office.
17-ROOM house for sale; no reasonable offer
refused. Call at 108 Sixth «t.
GEARY. 1016. bet. Polk and Van Ness aye.—
House, 9 rooms and bath.
HOUSE of 32 rooms, all taken: very reason-
able. 704 Howard st.. corner Third.
HOUSE. 8 rooms; bath: carpets; large lawn;
flne view; see It. 3932 Twenty-fourth St.
SIX rooma and bath; bringing in more than
rent: bargain. 338 Turk St.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY, 1935, between Lacuna and Bu-
chanan sts.— Elegant house of 12 rooms: bath,
servants' room, etc. ; newly renovated. For
further particulars apply to G. H. UMBSEN
& CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
A. M. SPECK & CO 667 MARKET ST.
2955 California; S r.sl4 1541 Eddy; 8 r $25
1705 Mason: 4 r $10 1345 Howard; 5 r $19
207 Ellis; 10 r...517 50 110 Natoma: 8 r $14
TO let— Furnished or unfurnished; medt-rn
house of 10 rooms, with stable In rear; 317
Union st. Inquire A. DECOURTEUX. 529
Merchant st.
NEATLY furnished house: 7 rooms and bath;
sunny side of street; nice neighborhood; $50.
1614 Golden Gate aye., bet. Scott and Devisa-
dero sts. |
FINE bay-window house. 7 rooms and bath;
hich basement: ft>» flower trarden: 1731 Bu-
chanan St., near Sutter. Apply at 623 Golden ;
Gate aye.
$500— HOUSE 8 rooms neatly furnished; all
rented: central location; rent $18. Box 4138.
Call office.
BUSH, 1224 — Sunny house of 9 rooms and bath;
water free: large yard: rent $37 60.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
AN nrtistlc furnished house to rent or lease:
centrally located; 5 bedrooms; large parlors:
music and dining rooms, etc. : 10 minutes'
walk to Kearny st. : large grounds; rent $125.
Address, with full name, box 1022. Call office.
METAPHYSICS.
COLLEOE-Sugsestive therapeutics . t-l-p,^"
occultism; free clinic Tues. evy. 2Q a Larki^
MINES AND MINING. g
£ a l£Jeßs' Gold H lne shares; fortune makers;
dividend payers; quoted on Pacific Stock Ex-
rhanire- 6^ cents per share or monthly install-
mentft'send for prospectus CARTERS GOLD
MINING CO.. 220 California St.. rooms 3-7.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
roii FRS engines. 2-hand machinery. Mc-
?NTOSfI & WOLPMAN. 135-157 Fremont st.
BARS back bars, mirrors, showcases, cpun-
s%*: linoleum, office furniture, store and of.
flee furniture and futures: new and second-
hand J.NOONAN. 1017-10W-1021-W23 M! S3l oa
: st., above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving mirrors,
i bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission it.
STEINWAY piano, upright grand: also house-
hold furniture: private sale. NW. cor. I i..h
avenue and East Fourteenth st.. Oakland.
THOROUGHBRED White Leghorn. Minorca
eggs. «jc setting. L. ISAAC. Uimond. Krult-
vale.
A 1200 SEALSKIN, perfectly new. latest style.
for |110. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
FOR SALE— Pleasure yacht; cheap: 27 ft. 1..
11 ft. beam; must sell. Apply SC* Third st.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. mange cure: by all drus-
glsts, or Do* Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.
PAINTER'S outfit for sala with trade. 127
Turk st.
FOR sale — 40 or EO gallons good, pure ranch
milk. Address Country Dairy, care 507 Sixth
st.. Oakland.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, tollers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
AT less than cost; uncalled-for iuii> ar. i
trousers to be sold at Charles Lyons', the
London Tailor. 721 Market st.
In the History Euildinsr.
SAFES — New and second for banks, merchants.
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests, bullion safes, vault-, etc. Tha
Walt* Safe Co.. 103-111 Market st.. S. F., Cal.
ONE 4-sided sticker: 1 p!an«r and matcher: I
air compressor; 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records, |2 SO. BACIGALUPI.
933 Market «t., San Francisco.
A-J3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, »1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St., nr. Pine.
DRESS pants. $2 75; flne suit. Jli). MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery »t.
BOILERS engines, drill presses, planers, lathes
iron & wood: 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 133 Beale.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1532 Market st.
NEW style Singer sewing machines: S drawers;
oak; complete: cheap. 1313 Mission, nr. loth.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 518 Mission.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN 3AFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento s*.
A WEEK'S news fcr 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
18 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per yegr.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — 6 boxes of fresh ranch egr?s every
week steady. Address box 2C27. Call.
GOLD quartz rock for Jewelry: 122 per ox. for
gold in It. 32S Bush St., 3d floor, room 4.
HIGHEST price paid for all kinds ot curios
and Philippine relies. 825 Dupont. nr. Calif.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 23, 1900.
«AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE cf the San FrancUeo
Call, corner cf Market and Third etreets. open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
JW> Hayes etreet: cpen until 9:30 p. m.
C 39 McAllister etreet: cpen until 9:SO p. m.
CIS Larkin etreet: cpen until »:30 p. m.
IMI Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
5261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; cpen
entll 9 o. m.
106 Eleventh street: open until » p. in.
10«« Valencia etreet: open until 9 p. m.
3223 PoJk etreet; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-seccnd and Ken-
tucky etreets; cpen until 9 p. m.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 8, R. A. . M.. «
will meet THIS CTCESDAY} EVEN-_J^_
ING, January 23. at 7:30 o'clock M. J^X.
M aezre-. By order of the H. P. '~^ *
FRANKLIN 11. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F and fl
A fc-M.-etinc THIS (TUESDAY) 4\
EVENING at 7:20 o'clock. D. 2 7%/\
GEO. J. HOBE. gecy. 'V
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F and AM.. ¦
121 Eddy et., »ijl meet Till:* E\EN-^%^
ING at 7:30 o'clJek. D. 2. XtJ\
GEORGE PKNLINGTON. Secy. / ~ *
PACIFIC Lodge No. ISB. F. and A. M.. ¦
mill meet TO-DAY at King Solomon's -a\-
Hal!. .V - i '••• •-. •<: : : ; m., n I\X
attend the funeral of our late brother, ' ~^ A
JOSEPH NEWIIAUER. Master Masons ar«
'.r.vited. GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secy.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. m
M— F C. degree THIS (TUESDAY) /_^
K\ ENING at 7:30 o'clock. 5_K
A. S. HUBBARP. Secy. fV>
ANNUAL Meeting.— The annual meeting of
the lot owners in the Masonic Cemetery will
be held at the Masonic Temple on TUESDAY
AFTERNOON. February «. IWO. at 2 o'clock,
for the election of three trustees and such
business as may legally come before it.
GEO. J. HOBE. Secretary.
AOOU BEN ADHEM Lo<J«. No. -jg^SSjj^
112, : O. O F.- Members n- . ti-
fled to attend funera! of our late
Brother. THOMAS H. WELCH. -^VicN
TUESDAY, 1:30 p m.. Memorial HaJl.
THOMAS G. OBRAM. N. G.
FTOCKHOLDEKS' meeting— The annual meet-
Jr.c cf the stockholders of the UNION IRON
WORK? will be held at the office of the com-
p¦ ' > . 222 Market St.. fan Francisco, on TUtS-
PAT January 23. IKK), at 1J :30 o'clock a. — i.,
for the purpose of electing a b -arc! of dlreators j
to serve for the ensuing year and for the I
transaction of such other business as may
ccm: btXcre the meeting.
J. 08. GUNN. Secretary.
Office, 222 Market et.. San Francisco. Cal.
January 9. 1900.
KAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. January 20, 1900— To
the shareholders cf the Independent Red
Men's Hall Asa-viatlon— Gents: The annual
general meeting of the shareholders will be
held on TUESDAY EVENING. Jan. 23. at
I o'clock, in Red Men's Hall, 510 Bush st.
IS. A. PAMMANN. Secretary.
Zl'.K annual meeting of the membership of the
Workmen's Guarantee Fund Association will
take place at its office, room 63. Flood build-
ing. TUESDAY EVENING. Jan. 30. at 7:30
o'clock : H. G. PRINCE. Sec.
ANNUAL — leetir.g.— The postponed annual
meeting of the stockholders of the KILAUEA
SUGAR PLANTATION COMPANY will be
field at the offl.* of the company. No. 327
Market street. Pan Francisco. California, on
THURSDAY. th« :r,«.h day of January. 3»CO.
at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the pur- j
pose cf electing a board of directors to nerve
for the ensuing year, an-i the transaction of
ruch other business as may come before the
meeting. Transfer books will close on Satur-
day. January IS. 19uO, at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
THE rrpular annual meeting of the stockhold-
ers of the UNION TRUST COM-
PANY ot San Francisco, will be held
|«t the office of the company in the Union
Trust Company's building, corner Montjrom-
<«ry. Pest and Market tts.. Pan Francisco,
«'iil., on MONDAY, the fifth day of February,
IST', at the hour of 2 o'clock p. m.. for the
purpose of «-lectlng a board of directors to
perve for the fallowing year, the amendment
nt the by-laws of the comj»any and the trans-
action of such other business as may come j
before the matins.
I. VT. HTLLMAN JR.. Pecr-tary.
ASTROLOGY.
PP.OF. A. UASEBY of Ejrypt. greatest astrolo-
gist and palmist In the world: satisfaction
guaranteed. 437 Gulden Oate aye.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private:
no fee without euccess: collections. G. W.
HOWE, any at law. &50 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. $C 7 Market et.. cpp. Mason.
F. H. VERZBACH. attorney at law. has re-
eumed practice at WC Cal. St.. Clunie bldg.
L P. CLARK. Emma Ppreckels blig.. 92<" Mar-
ket *t. : oon«i:?T!iMnn free; no fees In advance.
BOARD AND ROOSIS.
HOTEL" FaTrjToUNT. 1714 Market— Elegant
new furniture; first-clars in every respect;
table unsurpassed; hot and cold water: ele-
vator; FUit<-s. with buard for 2. J5O month up.
NEW family hotel; first-class In all appoint-
ments; excellent table: special inducements to
select people. 807 California et., occupying
corner opposite Grace Church.
"BELCRAVIA HOTEL." P.jlk and Clay— Sun-
ny suites; l>es.t board: 2, J%O up; single, J22 50.
JIAIGHT. 232— Sunny rooms with board; terms
reaecncble.
LAP PALMAP. 10 Market rt.— Puite of 2 or 3
mi s.: private: bath; sin. rms. : beard optional.
O'FAEKELL. 7<2— Clean, comfortable rooms;
irool home cooking: special rates to pents.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
TO beard— An infant or email child: $10 per
mcr'h. Tli Lexinrton nve.
BOARD AND ROOSIS WANTED.
ET~NNY room, board optional: within 23 min-
utes' ride of Call; references. Addrees box
IMP, Call office.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
6CHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Bork <V».. 7 f >4 Mission St.. near Third.
IJOOT AND SHOE BARGAINS.
CLEARANCE EALE— GREAT REDUCTIONS.
Men's regular $1 50 shoes Jl 16
Children* rpsrular ?1 00 shoes 65 ct«
People's Ehoe Ftore. 1303 Stockton, nr, Br'dw'y.
BUSINESS CUAACES.
A CIGAR Ftore, connected with candy and ice i
cream parlors, on transfer point, close to j
Powell and Pr*t rts. ; rent $20; first-class pay-
ing; large stock; nne fixtures. I\. G. WILKE. I
i>o« Market st.
A— s3so; DAIRY produce and delicacy store,
with 3 living rooms; rent $12: a good-paying
business. Inquire It. G. WILKE. SK.* Market.
A— s4oo; PARTNER wanted In establ. butcher-
shop; owner wants honest assistant: knowl-
edge cf business not necessary. H. G. WILKM
&0C Market Et.
A— s3so; PARTNER wanted In chop and coffee
house; lively country town; place clearing $60
for each partner. Call R. G. WILKE, 906
Market et.
A— ssoo; CORNER Miloon; 11 furnished rooms;
$40. R. G. WILKE. i-06 Market et.
A— 11200; ELEGANTLY fitted up saloon on best
transfer corner of this city; low rent; best
class of custom; place first-class paying;
P«.wner to attend to his ranch cause of eale.
Call R. G. WILKE. K< Market et. i
A— slsoo; SALOON on Market *t., close to Sev-
er.th; rent net $S0; splendidly paving place;
other engagements cause of eale. R. G.
WILKE. &0C Market tt.
A— sS.'o: BAKERY nrar McAllister St.; estab-
lished years; all etore trade; large etock;
rent $25; 4 years' lease: II 1 *, barrels per day.
Call It. G. WILKE. 906 Market et.
A— FINE opportunity to secure the State rijrhts
of a new patent required on every ranch: will
cave a large amount of labor and do the work
better than any other known; model to be
pt-en at STENHEHG CO.'P. 26V, Kearny gt.
$SS— FHUIT lsUire: 3 living rooms;ftood business;
central; cause, sickness. BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
FOR eale — A crockery business with rood, well-
lestablishedI established ooaloil route, in a laree suburban
town: j'rescnt investment about $4000; would |
accept San Francisco property in exchange, i
For particular* an>ly to F. W. DOHRMANN,
ISO Sutter et. _^^^ j
%Mt— SALOON and Junch house; best location
among factories in the Mission; 4 living
rooms; satisfactory reasons lor Belling. Ap-
ply box 2583. Call office.
CORNER grocery and bar; best business loca-
tion; cash trade; sickness compels owner to
retire: investigation solicited; sacrifice. Box
7CS3, Call ofnce J
CORNER Etore for rent, with fixtures; suitable
for enjeery and bar; north of Market st. Pa-
cific Business Exchange. 1016 Market St.
FOR tale— sEso: first-class grocery and bar.
with living- rooms; cheap rent. Inquire 341
Pine et.. corner Montgomery.
JI.*.O— FALOON and grocery etore: must sell at
once: cood location. ?21>4 Howard at.
TO ccii your business quick for cash call City
rsusine«e Rxchange, 79 Third et.
WE have epeclal bargains in rooming-houses
to-day from $300 up. 79 Third et.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Contlnned,
ATTENTION^ SELLERS!'" "' wm ~~™~™
List whatever you have for sale
with me. I can sell for cash.
I will advertise it free for you.
I want no exclusive contract.
Have buyer waiting with cash.
I sell city and country real es-
tate and business pieces.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
AN exceptional opportunity for a business man
with $1000; experience unnecessary; will
«tand investigation. GALE & BENSON. 320
Parrott building.
A— s2oo; HOME restaurant in Alameda; big
trade: fixtures cost more than asked; slck-
ne»g. GALE A BENSON. 320 Parrott bldg.
BAKERY In town near San Francisco doing a
flne cash business; large stock; good fixtures;
horee and wagon; cheap rent; trial K'ye".
great sacrifice. JONES & CO.. Efa Market st.
$175— DELICACIES and dairy produce; value
in sight; fine location. JONES & CO., S&.
Market st.
A GOOD chance— Wine business doing a pay-
ing business: only about $250 required. Apply
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
$4iO— BRANCH bakery and variety store; bar-
gain; going to Europe cause of sale, aic-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. "~\k Market St.
CORNER rrocery; full stock; sickness cause-
See COWING & CO.. 1130 Market Bt.
WANTED— Partner in business established 24
years In Oakland; pays from $400 to $500 per
month; $7500 capital required, which will be
fully secured by good real estate; no chance
of loss; must be a business man, competent
to keep books and collect bills. Call or ad-
dress Call branch office, Oakland.
INTENDING purchasers of restaurant fixtures
attend auction of Golden Rule Restaurant to-
day at 2 p. m. 559 Market gt.
$350— PARTNER in saloon: will take part c_h;
chance for steady man. 79 Third et.
$125— MAN to open oyster and chop house with
experienced cook. 79 Third st.
TO let— Elegant cafe, furnished complete; rent
taken out in board. 459 Geary et.
FOR eale— Good business opportunity: will pay
$300 to $COO monthly; very little money re-
quired down: no experience needed; every-
thing new; the- best of reasons for selling;
can be handled In your own locality; send this
ad. and address Drawer 146. Chicago, 111.
FOR sale cheap— Cigar stand in good location;
next to 'Orpheum. 117 O'Farrell St.
PARTNER wanted in a produce business. Call
5 p. m. at 114 Lnr.gton st.
$S3— CIGAR stand for Rale at 67 Third st.; rare
chance; owner leavlnc city.
$40— SHOE shop for sale; established 3 years:
worth $100. sickness the cause of selling. Cor-
ner Nineteenth and Castro sts.
j^fv— FlNE candy store and bakery; near
echools; worth double price asked; investi-
gate. 3SOI Seventeenth tt.
ISO— FOR sale; restaurant; rood paying part of
city. Inquire GEO. W. H. PATTERSON &
CO., 1706 Market Bt.
A ROUTE on this paper for sal«. AddreM box
€. Oakland Poetofflce.
FOR rent— To in rp-to-date man with expert- i
ence a fL-rnlshed hotel and race track In |
Eureka. Cal.; located on main traveled road
and good chance -to make a nice paying bu*i-
nesp. Apply to J. O. LOVEREN, Eureka. Cal.
BADEN. South San Francisco; hotel for sale,
with *Q Fteady boarders, with good prospect?;
must be sold on account of sickness. Inquire
Grand Hotel. Baden. South San Franclcco.
OLD establishe<l wagon-making and horseshoe-
ing business; 15 years present location; cheap
on account of death of owner. 22 Courtland
avenue.
IM-BOOM house for sale or exchange for lodg-
ing-house In Chicago or other business; no
a^ent*. Box 2522. Call off.cc. :
T<"»OLs\ stock, fixtures of a paintshop for Bale;
cheap. Apply at fhop. D 26 Washington St.
WANTED— A butcher shop In the Mission or
Western Addition. Box 414-~>. Call.
$17;n CASH: corner grocery and bar; flne stock;
good location. Inquire 200 Hayes st.
PLUMBING shop: well established. 605 East
Twelfth St.. East Oakland.
BRANCH bakery and candy store at your price.
43S Third St.
$1.'.50— 19 ROOMS newly furnished: rent $75; $600
cash down, balance easy. Apply 743 Mission.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO. j. 412 Sacramento >t.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 8 p.m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscriptlons has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla ft.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Fts.: f.pen until 9 p. m.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
HORSE, phaeton, buggy, harreps, etc., for sale
at a bargain: can be seen at Golden Gate Sta-
ble. Particulars 424 Battery st.
NEW bakery or laundry wagon, S-can milk
wagon, 2-seated spring wagon. 2 grocery or
delivery wagons. 22 Coutrland aye.
TWO hors=efi. an express wagon; good stand. In-
quire at .219 Tehama ft.
FOR sale— Fl.-'st Brewster Victoria, coupa and
family carriage. Inspect 1011 Sutter st.
NEW and 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts and har-
ness, wk. & driving horses. 15th and Valencia.
ALL kinds or wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mislon »t.
100 SETS eecond-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom St.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
W^EN you become disgusted with poor work
send to fiPAULDING'B Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 553-357 Tehama st.; tel. S. 40.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning. 8c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
J McQUEEN'S Calif orna Carpet Cleaning Co.,
4^ Stevenson St.; tel. South 228: lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 354. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at ic.
STRATTON'S, 8 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
CO:; KLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye. : telephone East 126.
CLAIRVOYANTS AXD SPIRITUALISM.
A— PROFESSOR MAY,
, ALWAYS SEE THE BEST
123 TURK ST.
He excites the wonder and admiration of the
moFt skeptical; gives advice on love, business
and domestic trouble; unites the separated and
restores lost affection; if in doubt, trouble or
adversity call on this gifted midlum and he will
ht-lp you; mediums dt-veloped In from 3 to 8
months- letters containing three questions and
$1 answered; hours, 9 to 8; Sundays. 10 to 2.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, 1104 Market St., trance,
test medium; life reader and medical clair-
voyant; treats all diseases; sittings $L
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller: best advice in difficult mat-
ters. 8 Hayes St., room 7. second floor.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night. COS McAllisjer St.; 10c: come, skeptics.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
I p. m. 409 Leavenworth st. ; 25c.
MME. ZEREDA of o Seventh St. is the original
gypsy life reader; readings, 25c.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night; articlesread,
10c- readings. 60c, $1. 39 Turk, oor. Taylor.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth, 2, 8
p. m. 14 McAllister, room 35; admission 10c
FOR sale — CofTee and chop house; newly fitted;
doing good business. 5 Polk st.
ARRlVED— Scientific palmist and psychic: sat-
isfaction ; readings this week 25c. 230 A Turk.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 78 Fourth St.. near Mission.
M.Mi:, HANSON, palmistry, iTc: card reader;
past, present, future, 25c. 148 Sixth St., r. 12.
MRS. WEST returned to 1206 Mrkt, parlor 31;
trance test medium; home evenings and Sun.
EDWARD E"ARLE. Independent nlate writer,
J3O Ellis «t.; circle Sun. and Wed. evenings.
CATHERINE DEAN, returned: scientific card
reader. 989 Howard St., cor. Sixth, office 23.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c >44 Howard
et.. 10 a. nt. to 10 p. m.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; slt-
tlngs dally. 212 H Sixth et.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c; truth or no pay. 1143 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth nt.
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market rt.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$S— REAR cottage; 4 rooms, basement; 239 Jer-
sey; water free; Castro cars.
$10— BAY-WINDOW cottage. 4 rooms; water
free. 103 Collins St., near Geary. ?:„.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlon, 927
Market st., over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform: also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices: pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from 60c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 50 up: open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $5; a
full set of teeth on a gold plate, $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50: all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors, 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 509 Mar-
ket st.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 10 up: plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges. $4:
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable; gas given.
DR. C. H. CUMMINGS, 233 Valencia; dental
work reas.; palnlees extraction; hours 9 to 6.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market Bt.. corner Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kfarny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 250.
LOWEST prices in S. F.: work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk St. ;__
OHIO Dental Parlors. Inc.; 8 graduate opera-
torß: open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
DOG HOSPITAL.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Flllmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 50; all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 638.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
sT^FTiDTMsnTaklngr Ladies' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 30j Van J<ess.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 387 Geary St.: dreisea
made. $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School— Leading sys-
tem; easy paymonu; evg. classes. 103 Post.
ACCORDION pleating factory— All kinds pleat-
Ing. pinking. 121 Pott, over O'Connor & Moffat.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Poet St., 8. F.—
Practical courses ir. bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing languages. telegraphy, English
branches civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc. ; new rO-page catalogue free.
A SCHOOL In physical culture and swimming
for young men, ycur.g ladles and boys; superb
gymnasium and hygienic bathing facilities;
fait water and swimming tank. Y. M. C. A.,
Mason and Ellis st!<. "The wise for cure on
exercise depend."
BOOKKEEPING — Neither time nor money
wasted: most thorough course on earth; rapid
calculations. Tarr. exp. account.. Flood bldg.
ALL fturtents but two taking: full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1238 Market st.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical mining,
mech.. survey, assay, archi.; day and even.;
e?t. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
PIANO, banjo, maj-dolin; reasonable terms;
thorough Instructing. Studio. 405 Geary, r. 47.
AYRES" Business College, 723 Market et.; life
scholarship, $50; sei>l for catalogue.
A-^INGING. piano. French. Spanish; Parisian
graduate; J2 mo. 5?.0 G. G. aye., r. 6; hr. 2-S.
CLASSES in German; French, Spanish; $2 per
month. Add. Language Teacher, 904 Taylor.
SECURE an experienced teacher. PROK.
MKRKI. 1008 MiHPior.; violin, mandolin, guitar.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mail;
languages. Mlfk M. G. Barrett, 302 Montgyy.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. Sth.
ACTING an«i vaudeville people put on stage.
Hallett. Lyceum Tl rater, 310 O'Farrell St.
"EXPANSION" the ¦ rder at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. 305 Lt.rkln St., opp. City Hall.
DANCING, ballroom.or stago. quickly taught;
rrlv. or class. IJarK»r's Academy. 927 Mission.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A JAPANESE and Chinese employment office,
No. 30 Geary st.. established over 5 years, re-
moved to 421 Post st.. nexr Powell. GEO.
AOKI, telephone Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black 132 L
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
bert help. 414»4 O'Farrell Bt. ; tel. East 425.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEUALB.
FIRST-CLASS infant's nurse desires position;
6 years last place; city or country. MISS
CULLEN. 225 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German laundress desires situa-
tion; test of references. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situa-
tion: hotel or boarding-house: city or coun-
try; test of reference. MISS 11. CULLINAN,
323 Sutter Bt.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook desires a situa-
tion; best city reference. MISS H. CULLI-
NAN, 323 Sutter st.
COMPETENT waitress and chambermaid de-
Flres a tltu.it ion; hotel or boarding-house.
MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter Bt.
A SWEDISH house girl, good cook. 8 years'
reference; also a Swedish second girl. Rood
waitress and seamstress. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter st
A NEAT German woman, good cook and house-
worker, $15 to $20; and a Swedish woman
wishes work by the day. MRS. NORTON.
213 Sutter st.
2 FRENCH girls want positions as nurses or
second girls. Apply C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes situation to do
second and plain house work. 1113 Fifth aye..
South San Francisco.
COMPETENT laundress and housecleaner
wants work by the day; terms $1; references.
Box 1032, Call office.
GERMAN girl wants place to do housework
and plain cooking; wages $15 to $16. Call at
£02 Bush St.; no postals.
FIRST-CLASS cook wants a position in private
family. Box 4143. Call office.
GERMAN woman wants a few more daces to
wash. Call Or address 264 First St., near
Folsom.
GERMAN woman wants work in restaurant
over lunch hours. Call or address 264 First
St.. near Folsom.
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day;
$1 per day and car fare. S3SS Mission St., op-
posite Thirtieth.
GERMAN girl looking for downstairs work and
cooking; wages $25. Apply at 146 Juniper Bt.,
bet. Harrison and Bryant, 10th and 11th.
COMPETENT woman wants washing or house-
cleaning by the day. Box B, Call Branch,
1223 Polk st.
COMPETENT French and German cook wishes
situation; private family; references. Call at
140 Minna St., near Third.
COMPETENT cook wishes position; city or
country. 216/4 Sixth st.
EXPERIENCED stenographer and typewriter
wishes position; salary to commence $5 a
week. Box 3SI, Call office.
GOOD reliable girl wishes a situation to do
upstairs work and sewing; references given.
Apply at 440% Jessie et.
GENERAL housework; good cook, washer and
lroner. Call or address 7?1 Bush st.
TWO Scandinavian girls wish situations to do
general housework: understand cooking well.
Please call 6CO Willow aye.
REFINED young lady wishes genteel employ-
ment; office work preferred; no canvassing.
Box 1076, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a respectable girl in a
nice family; is Urst-class cook and housework
girl; wages $30 a month. Call at 225 Dorland
•t., between 17th and 18th.
YOUNG German woman wants situation for
general housework and cooking; is good seam-
stress; can do any kind of work; sleep home.
Call C 22 Howard St.. upstairs. - ••..-
SEAMSTRESS wishes place to do upstairs
work and pewing or care for children and
sew. Seamstress, 419 O'Farrell, flat 4.
YOUNG lady wishes position as cashier even-
ings; experience; references. Box 1043, Call.
LADY would like a position as housekeeper,
nurse or companion. Address M. B. H., 1426
Ku.-u Sixteenth st., Oakland.
AN experienced dressmaker and designer, who
flte exquisitely, - desires work by the day in
families or at home. 1127 Ellis st.
YOUNG married woman wishes a situation as
wetnurse. Call or address 19 Morris aye.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $8
week: convenient and respectable: free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. -
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; open until 9p. m. . ¦ •<'¦ ¦ .
10GOLpiZX GATE aye. 1404— Tw« large room*, i
beds, for lighthouse keeping: bath: tlO.
MARKET. IS24— Cogy room; fcldlngbed: morn-
ing sun; rent tS.
FULTON, 121%— Three eunny front furnished
froomF; ta « ; water; large yard; also unfur-
nished: rent $J6.
EUSH. C2t— 2 sunny front rooms, furnished for
light housekeeping: adults only.
CLAFEIFIED advertisements and eubseriptions
received at Call branch office. 2220 Flllmore st.
CLAY 2421. near Flllmore— 2 large unfurnished
rooms; yard; wiier; rear; rent 17.
EDDY, SIS — I unfurn. sunny rooms; finely pa-
pered: all conveniences; fine location; private.
KEAL ESTATE WANTED.
WANTED— Cottage and lot In Mission: about
ttW. GRO. W. CHAPIN. 11 Montgomery st.
$Sso— 4-ROOM cottage an<* !ot 25xl<y), San Bruno
¦ ye., near l?th st. ar>< .ok fichool: $10 month.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 1C pafrea, sent to any addrees in the
United Etates or Canada one year for $1.
tii"«rp r>*ld.
Builders' Contracts.
Andrew and Jane Johnson (owners) with
John Kfiipally (contractor), plans by owner —
All work for a one-story and rough basement
frame bulldlnr on W line of Indiana street, 75
S of Twenty-fifth (Yolo), 35x100; $1075.
Edward McLaughlin (owner), with James and
William Shepard (contractors), architect Charles
Geddes — Plumbing, gas fitting, sewering, etc..
for a four-story and basement brick bulldlnsr
on S line of Mission street, 27a E of Third. E
89 by S 160; 13024. .-. ,;
Maximilian Neumann (owner) with Judson
Manufacturing Company (contractor), archi
tects Martens & Coffey — Steel beams, girders,
structural steel work, castlron, fire escapes,
sidewalk lights, trapdoors, etc., for a church
building on S line of Golden Gate nvenue. 137:8
W of Jones street. W 165 by S 137 :«; $7064.
W. & J. Sloane A Co. (owners) with J. Troun
son (contractor), architects Tharp & Holmes-
Counters, cases, offices, stands, brass rods and
glass for a 7-story brick building on NW cor
ner of Post and Gardiner streets. N 137: C, W
US:B. S 50, E 19:6, 8 57:6. E 99; |259«.
Fred T. Roberts (owner), with James A. Mc-
Cullough (contractor and architect) — All work
for a two-story frame building (2 flats) on W
line of Dolores street, 208 N of Twenty-second,
N 26 by W 125: 13354.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine
supplle*. Btandard Agency, 145 Sixth St.;
phone Mint 45.
WANTED — Housekeeping rooms, bedroom and
kitchen complete, permanently, by man and
wife; rent reasonable: references. Call or ad-
<3r»'< t s room 27. 819 Market St.
VAJC NESS AYE. BOULEVARD LOTS
AT AUCTION,
THURSDAY. JANUARY £5. 1900.
At 12 O'clock Noon.
AT SALESROOM, No. 10 MONTGOMERY ST.
* BEAUTIFUL LOTS ON VANNED AYE.
Between LOMBAIiD and CHESTNUT 6T3.
2 CORNERS
ALSO
t LOTS ON VAN NESS AYE.
Between CHESTNUT and FRANCISCO BTB.
AND ONE KEY LOT ON FRANCISCO ST.
Splendid Ixicatlon for Residences or Flats.
MUST RE SOLD.
TERMS-Two-ftfths CASH, balance 1. 2 and S
yeais. Interest •> per cent.
Call mx office for catalogue.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery St.,
Ban Francisco.
IF you wish full value for your cast-eft cloth-
ing call on B. COHEN. 157 Third St.
NINTH, 20—2 connecting rooms; hot and cold
*'ater; range; jras; rent Jl».
•ocrnr.nji PAcrric cosfaxy.
(PACIFIC M.ITEM.)
Trmlsis ten** na«l nra ttn« ¦• r.rrt»* •*
MM FItANCIMCO.
(Main Line. Foot cf Market Street)
AN introduction to you from 11. Schellhaas. the
Xurelture sealer. 11th aod Franklin, Oakland.
MISSION, ins— Newly furnished front rooms
lor housekeeping; (8 and JlO moathlj-.
OAKLAND HJR.MTUIIE FOll BALK.
htNRY.J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flannagan A Gallagher),
FUNKRAL DIRECTORS AND EMDALMERS.
24 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
When Women Are Absolute.
Amoim the Naiars, on , the Malabar
coast of India, woman's power is auto
cratic and absolute. There husbands are
indeed "of no importance," being mere
FGLROM. 610— Sunny front room and kitchen;
furnish«-d complete; man and wife; no chil-
EIGHTH. 221— Two rooms; housekeeping; in
rear.
FIFTH. lIS— Two eunny furnished housekeep-
ing roome, !3; also others.
HORN. PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via fI»M— IH» P«rrr.
Comrnenclr.s October 1, 1359.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VAIiJBT
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS-*7:CO, »3:30. ll:Co a. rau: »1:46.
•3:40, 6:15. «:00. *:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mi!l Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturdays.
at S:0O and 11:10 p. ra. * ,
BUKDATB— •B:OO, »1C:CO. «U:3« a. m.t nut
t:W. •*:«. 6:M. »:00 p. m. • "*
Tnlna marked (•) ran to San Qoentla.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYe-C:25. V.iS. 7:«. •»:*<> a. mTj
•U-.SO. J:IS. »3:«0.- «5:13 p. m. *
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays anj
Saturdays at «:«0 and M:l5 p. m.
SUNDAY3-«:20. ~i:W, 10:00. «11:«5 a. m.-
•1:40. 'iilS. 4:45. S:SO p. m. *
Trains masked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLET TO BAN FRANCI£c<X
WEEK DATS— B:4S. «:«. 7:65. J-.45 aTntTl
XJj» J:SS. 5:45. 8:20 p. m. . *
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays aad
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:30 p. ra.
SfND_ATB- «:«. 10:06 a. to.; 12:05. 135, ij^
THROUGH TRAINS.
T:0O«. m. week days— Oa:adero and way station*.
l:4«p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and T»ay stations!
t;M a, m. Suptejs— -TosaaJu aaA war lutWiai
KUOM!) I tin («lM.lvt.L.l'l.>O.
A— TWO front nunny rooms, kitchen and bed-
room; complete for housekeeping; $7 month.
Apply st sho* store. LC2 Mission et., bet. First
St. and Sf-cond et.
OAKLAND JIEAL ESTATE.
I!ILLRRAE lots and block*: fenced: water
work*. PUTTERFIELD. 9V Market st.
TEB. « r*r *ere up: farm list; free fare. M.
fißnrnN. Tt% MurVet et.. fear Call bulldinr.
SMALL PAYMENT DOWN.
Two modern houses, eactern frontage and
marine view; 9 rooms: elegant finish,
cement walks, etc: only half a block from
University of California: all ready to move
Into; easy payments. Particulars of M. L.
WURTF, Seventeenth and Hroadway. Oakld.
$irxw— 7-ROOM house; lot COxlOO: UOO cash,
balance on terms to suit. W. C. MORAN.
UEIIKELKY ItBAL ESTATE.
REAL ESTATE COtXTUV— For Sale
AN offer wanted— Must be sold at once; lovely
home and poultry ranch of nearly 2 acres
rich level 1- d; fine, new buildings; bearing
orchard alfalfa, etc: in Fruitvale: electric
cars pafs the door; cheap at J2500; what will
you give?
N D. FICKELS. the Land Aitent.
10 G«-ary St.. cpp. Chronicle bldg.. 8. F.
CANTA CLARA Valley fruit, fanning and
stock lands; owner's eale In tracts of 6 to 500
acres; «aty terms, or will exchance for San
Franc;«co property. Apply to C. H. PHIL-
LIPS and G. C. VACHELL. 20 Montgomery
et. between 11 a. m. and J p. m. dally.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
Continued from Page Eight.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL
J W Bmith. Stockton
J Hebden, Sacramento
C France, Salinas
W F Dillon. Pt Costa
I S Rodgers, Vallejo
D Kent, Sacramento
T C Snider, Yolo
J Kullman, Benlcla
X C Edson, Alameda
H B Brown. Alameda
L Casanova, Alameda
T Downey, Alameda
W H Fish Jr, Oakland
L Huseman & w, Cal
G II Noyes, Los Ang
J P Fernald Fresno
J D Barry. Cal t^
F Flint. Cal *
R J Jordan. New York
A C Solberg, Everett
F Allen, Seattle
Master Allen. Seattle
J B Stewart. Seattle
D C Mitchell. Seattle
J Rellly, Calgary
G A Adams, San Jose
R T Moore, Winchester
Miss M B Jewett. Cal
E J Flattery. N V
C Hawley, Los Ang
II R Hildreth. S Diego
ABC Dowdell. Sacto
Miss E Conn, Sulsun
Mrs J A Wilson. Sulsun
E O Metcalf, Boston
H W Walker. Willows
V M Menoban, S Rosa
H W Burkhardt, Cal
L H Davis & w, Wat
sonvllle
Mrs Dormody. Cal
H M Dormody. Cal'
E A Sawyer & w, Cal
H M Rawlins & w, Cal
D Donley, San Jose
Mrs M A Pealer, Sacto
V A Lucas, Seattle
L W Shannon, Seattle
J W Fowler & w. Lodl
H Paries. Portland
M Bethel, Sacramento
Mrs Fancy, Saeto
O L Morgan, Fresno
V H Owens, San Josa
L Burger, Los Ang
H J Clark & fy, Cal
E D Shattuck, Chicago
G L Reed. Reedly
C L Walter, Fresno
E M Roberts, Fresno
B T Stern, Eureka
W..C Baker. Bakersfld
J D McGllvray. Stanfd
C E Bush, Redding
F H Bottford. Phlla
J A Wlckel, Or
PALACE HOTEL.
F W Swanton, S Cruz
V Elsendrath. Banner
M Rosenblum, Banner
J D Schuyler, L Ang
R Hunter & w. Spokne
Mrs C R Drake.Tucson
A R Aster. Tucson
E Randolph & w Arlx
Mrs W S Tevls, Cal
Mrs F W D Oynne, Cal
J Green. Seattle
F S Henry, Ohio
J G Syme, Vancouver
T J Field, San Jose
W L Woodrow & w, ,
San Jose
H H Stevens & w, Colo
D B Chandler, N V
R H Henon, Los Ang '
C J Gray &. w. St Paul
H Grepe, London
J M Cutter, Chicago
Miss Borden, Los Ang
H Borden, Los Ang
Mrs Borden, Los Ang
H M Bishop & w. L A
T W Key. Los Angeles
T G Lacy, Los Ang
R E Veatch. N V
R P Qulnn & w, Cal
A B Cohen, St Joseph
C French. New Tork
C R Spllvola & w. Cat
C Downing, USA
C O Agler & w. Chic
R A Craig. N T
H Slecel & w - N T
W P Hammon. Orovllle
H H MorrlU & w. N T
X Hattori, N V
F S Johnson & w, Ban
Rafael
J C Borden, Los Ang
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
S C Scott, wf, Qulncy
J Lee. Seattle
J Price. Seattle
C C Sims, Seattle
W Bertrand, Montreal
A Orton. Montreal
A Burwash, New Tork
R Irvine. Chicago
A Chlsholm, Seattle
J C Smith. Eureka 1
A Chubb, San Jose
M Gowan, wf Victoria
M Seefrmlller. Rlversid
S R Fort, Chicago
W Burns, Eureka.
Mrs E Dow. Modesto
J J Evans, Santa Rosa
Z. E Buckncr. Sa Rosa
J Brennan, Cloverdale
H V Buell. Watsonvllle
ALA.MKOA REAL ESTATE.
A HOME— Send description, condition and loca-
tion; I will find you one A. R. DENKE 3r..
1400 Webster st.. Alameda.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
California Limited
Santa Fe Route
T£ CHICAGO
This Is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across the continent.
Cox.NKCTisoTiiAis Leaves San Francisco:
5 P.n. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
saturday. arriving In Chicago at 2:15
P.n in time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVECLAIND Leaves San Fraaciaco at 5:30
f VDDFC.C P- m. with Palace and Tonnst
RAiiv cars for Kansas Cttj, St. Loma,
DAILY ChicagroandEasu
Local trains between Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno. Hanford, Visalia, Tularc r>r» 4 r\
and Baker&field. KUAU
SEE YOU IN Saa Francisco office. d 3
"FDKI"*n Market Street. Phone Mai a
TKIOCU auur* 1531; Oakland, 1113 Broad-
way; Sacramento. 201 J Street; San Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara Street.
S77S0 — LOT and 3-story brick house; eunny side
6outh Park, near Third st. ; 8 rooms : also
larce rhop In rear yard. By WM. HEN-
DRICKSON & CO.. Cl 4 Call building.
FOR eaJe. che-ap— New 2-story houi^es. 7 rooms;
S latest Improvements: No*> and Hill sts.; near
''afiro-Bt. cars: patent eldewalk.
rjof) HOUPE and lot; bargain; part cash if de-
sired. Mclaughlin & co.. -ttv* Market st.
NEW cottages, houso* and flats for sale on
Pierc* and Waller sts.. near Haight; over 30
r>ou»<?« sold in same block. Terms to suit by
F. NELSON, builder.
STOItAGB AND WAHCUOI'SES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage ond Moving Co.
Office. 4iil Post St.. cor. Powell: tel. Main 5715.
FOR PALE.
$."X.oo<>— * flats. 8 rtores, bringing S per cent
net on Fourth et. : :i.'x'- •; great bargain; one-
third cash, balance to suit. Address HAT-
TER. IW3 Devitadero st.
FOR sale, cheap — On Howard st., between
Fourth and Fifth, lot 2£xSo. with £-*tory
building rfr.tiT.E at $140 per month. Apply
BEW DRUG CO.. Alameda.
BAP tenants ejected for $4: collections mads:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
41f> Montrctnerr rt.. rooms fl-10: tel. 5320.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
timo— BARGAIN: large IH-story. high stoop.
bay- window cottage; vestibule entrance; bev-
eled plate glass double ooors; handsomely
paneled 7-foot wide hall, with winding stair-
case and €H-foot newel post; rarlcr 14x17.
wainscoted dining room 12x14; sitting room
> -. I.« . wainscoted extension kitchen 10x11;
ceilings 12 feet high; ventilators; plaster cor-
Dices: pantry, glaas closet, etc.; 2 t>Mrooms
I and bathroom upstairs; 7-foot high cellar un-
der all w:th double-door entrance under bay;
lot 25x120. with a rustic stable 10x20 at end;
magr.incent view; all for J150O; no agents. J.
"W NEWTON, 1520 12th aye.. near X St.. Sun-
set district. I blocks from Golden Gate Park.
30 A O. U. W., are kindly Invited to attend.
J. C SHARP. M. W.
THOMAS H. LORD. Recorder.
WILLMANN— In this city, January 21, 1900.
Anna Willmann, dearly beloved wife of
August Willmann. and beloved mother of
Anna. Frieda, Emily and Zlnta Willmann
and sister of Rosa Sahla. a native of Ger-
many, aged 30 years 1 month and 20 days.
*A member of the Third Order of St. Francis
and Christllche Mutter Verein.
[CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 510 Jones street, between O'Farrell and
Geary, thence to St. Boniface's Church,
Golden Gate avenue, near Jones street,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
menclnff at 0:16 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
WISEMAN— In this city, January 22. 1900,
Annie R.. wife of the late W. C. Wiseman,
and mother of J. T.. W. H. and Bennett
Wiseman of San Francisco. Mervin Wiseman
of. Chicago, 111.. Mrs. W. C. Gardenhlro and
Mrs B. A. Frazier of Dayton. Term.. and
Mrs. H. L. Moody of Redding. Cal., a native
of Hlckman. Ky., aged 64 years.
YOUNG— In Danville, Cal., January 22. 1900,
Robert S. Young, son of Mr. and Mrs. A. J.
Young-, and brother of Mrs. J. L. Geddes of
Los Gatos and Sarah L. Young, a native of
Contra Costa County, aged 23 years 10 months
and 1 day.
ICTFuneral to-morrow (Wednesday), at 2
o'clock, from Danville Presbyterian Church.
incidents in the social organization, and
are won and divorced at will. Woman
frames and administers the laws under
which man lives, and through her is the
descent of property, which he may earn
but not own. The rice field is the scene
of his activity, and If he shows himself
to be industrious and frugal and capa
ble of maintaining a family, some Xalar
maid will ask him to become her hus
band.
KOOMK WAM'EO.
r»^»O SIXTH RACE— One mile; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Time— M. :25; H. :49; %. 1:14. Good start. Won ridden out. Second and third driving.
Winner. J. Shei sb. m., by Imp. Chesterfleld-Retta, B.
Bessie had speed to burn. Cormorant quit under poor riding. Senator Dubois ran badly.
Panamlnt is a rank one. . .
Scratched— Juva 104, Lucid 109.
REAL. ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
A. M. SPECK & CO..
667 Market at., opp. Ke&rcy-
J 137. 600
Stores and office*; near Whlta House; 2
frontages; rects $S2S net.*
1 100. 000.
Ellis at. corner: €0x127; stores and TO rooms;
will w Jper cent net.
JiS.OOO.
Near Stockton and O'Farrell; 16 ft. front;
4-« tory brick; store* and S6 rooms above.
127.630.
Near Ed<!y and Jones: store and ti rooms
above; modern; pays 7 r>*>r cent net.
124.000.
Sixth St.; 76 feet front: < store*; rents J2OO.
522.J00.
Third at.; about £5 It. from Market; store
mni lod«in*-house above.
Mission St., near Third; lot 40xS2; best b&r-
k „.. oa Mission st. to-day.
Close to Market and Taylor; stores and Cats;
(0 feet front; rents about $100.
110.000.
S sew flats; 4 blocks from Market, north;
rent* JIISD yearly.
$6000
Tost •!.; » cood flats; rents J»: lot 2?xllO ft.
Lot 100x100 feet, and cozy modern residence;
fine etcfcle; warm bHt of the Mission.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market St.
HOWARD, 715—200 sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nished; every convenience: electric lights.
HAVES, 138, cor. Van Ness— Single sunny room,
Jl rs per week, suitable for gentleman.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— OffIce and residence.
IP2IH Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
COAST DIVIMON (IlroaiHiaage).
(Third and Townsend Sta.)
DIED.
Ahem, Daniel J. Johnson. Harry O.
Barry. Patrick Kerlln, George B,
Benedict, Persis A. Lonenran. Peter J.
Bergerot. Marie J. Mac Donald. Rebecca
Bickerstaff, Edward McAlee. Daniel
Bolger. George W. McClellan. James P.
Brabant, Joseph W. McCormick, Timothy
Carter, Edward H. Monsen, Martten
Crebbin, William 11. Morris. Emily C.
Chalmers. Annie B. Morrison. Joseph H.
Descalso. Peter C. Newbauer. Joseph
Deutsch. Samuel Ostrander. Dr. J. A.
Egan, Bridjret O'Toole, Mrs. Anne
Falen, Albert Reardon, Mamie
Fortmann, George Robinson. Mahala F.
Fowler, Charlotte J. Ryan, Mary
Fralr, Rachel Sachs. Adolph
Freundschuh, Chas.P. Sere, John
Gabriel. Mary Smith. Elizabeth J.
Haley, Patrick Welch. Thomas H.
Heney, Juliana Wtllmann, Anna
Hollinfrsworth. Wm. Wiseman. Annie R,
Jennings. George Young, Robert S.
AHERN— In this city. January 22. 1900, Daniel
J.. beloved husband of Ellen M. Ahem, and
father of John M.. Dennis J., Mary V. and
Edward T. Ahem, a native of Newcastle
Wept. County Limerick, Ireland, aged 62 years
6 months and 2S days.
E^Notlce of funeral hereafter.
BARRY— In this city, January 22, 1900, at his
residence. 444 Sixth street. Patrick, beloved
husband of Hannah Barry, and father of
James A., Julia A., John F., May, Eddie,
David and the late Michael J. and Ella E.
Barry, a native of Ross-Carbery, County
Cork, Ireland, aged 55 years and 8 months.
C^Notlce of funeral hereafter.
BENEDICT— On Bay Farm Island, January 21.
lftOO, Persis A. Benedict, beloved wife of B.
Benedict, and mother of Isabella Nolte and
A. R. Hamlin, aged 83 years and 10 months.
(H7"Ftiendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late
residence on Bay Farm Island. Interment
private.
BERGEROT— In this city, January 21, 1900,
Marie Jeanne, beloved mother of Jean Andre
Bergerot, mother-in-law of Mrs. Jean Andre
Bergerot, stepmother of Jean Bergerot, and
grandmother of P. A. Bergerot, Mrs. P. A.
Bergerot and Miss Marie Bergerot, a native
of Eyeus, France, aged 63 years 9 months and
17 days.
EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock sharp, from her late
residence. 14 Holds street, thence to Notre
Dame dcs Vlctolres French Church, where
services will be held, commencing at 1:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BICKERSTAFF —In this city. January 21.
1900, Edward, beloved son of Minnie and Jo-
seph Bickerstaff, and brother of Katie, Lulu,
Julia, Minnie, Alice, Joseph and Thomas
Bickerstaff, a native of San Francisco, aged
4 years and 3 days.
(T7FTiendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents, 70 Shipley street. In-
terment Holy Cro6s Cemetery. .
BOLGER— In this city, January 21. 1900, George
Washington, youngest and beloved ron of
Margaret and the late William Bolger,
brother of Lizzie, Willie and Joe Bolger,
grandson of Eliza and the late Captain John
Bolger, and nephew of James and John Bolger
and R. J. and W. Cousins and Annie Mc-
Vicker, a native of San Francisco, aged 4
years and 11 months.
{CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), ajt 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his mother. 231 Fourteenth street, near
Minna. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BRABANT— In this city, January 22, 1900, Jo-
seph W., beloved husband of Margaret Bra-
bant, a native of Canada, aged 34 years 4
months and 25 days.
CARTER— In Sunol. Edward Hazen. dearly be-
loved husband of Catherine J. Carter, and
father of Hazen, Jessie, Bell, Grace. Wil-
liam. George, Bert, Ruth and Mabel Carter,
aged TjS years 11 months and 19 days. (West-
moreland, New Brunswick, papers please
copy.) 9s?*Mi
iryThe funeral will be held this day
(Tuesday) at 2 o'clock from the Congrega-
tional Church. Burial at Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery, Pleasanton.
CREBBIN— In this city, January 22, 1900. Wil-
liam H. Crebbin, beloved brother of Mrs.
Charles J. Fox and Mrs. J. J. McGuire. a na-
tive of New Orleans.
CHALMERS— In this city, January 22, 1900,
Annie B. Chalmers, sister of James C. and
John C. Chalmers, Agnes C. Tayler and Mrs.
H. 11. Noble.
CTFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral cervices to-morrow (Wednes-
day), at 2:30 o'clock, at the residence of her
brother. 228 Halght street. Interment pri-
vate at Cypress Lawn Cemetery by 3:40
o'clock train from ' Valencia-street station.
Please omit flowers.
DESCALSO— In this city. January 21. 1900,
Peter C. beloved husband of Julia Descalso,
father of Peter. James. Harold. Julia,
Waiter, Blanche and Margaret Descalso,
and brother of Mrs. T. Bulger and Luke and
James R. Descaluo. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 43 years.
{C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 10:20 o'clock, from his lata
residence, 1214 Rtanyan street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
DEUTSCH— In this city, January 22, 1900, Sam-
uel, beloved husband of Henrietta Deutsch.
beloved son of Julius and Henrietta Deutsch,
and brother of Mrs. J. B. Jones and Eva,
Sol and Fanny Deutsch, a native pf New
York, aged 40 years 7 months and 16 days.
(Oregon papers please copy.)
(C?"Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late
residence, 2615 Pine street, between Scott and
Devisadero. thence by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets to Home of Peace
Cemetery for interment.
EGAN— In this city, January 21, 1900. Bridget,
beloved wife of the late Patrick Egan. and
aunt of Mrs. John McCarthy, a native of
County Meath, Ireland, aged 70 years. .
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1006 McAllister street, tnence to Holy
Cross Church, Eddy street, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
FALEN— In this city, January 20. 1900, Albtrt
Falen. a native of New York, aged 50 years.
jC7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
iors cf Porter & White, 122 Eddy street. In-
terment , Laurel Hill Cemetery.
FORTMANN— In this city, January 22, 1900,
George Fortmann, a native of Oldenburg,
Germany, aced X 8 years.
(CT'Remalns at the parlors of H. F. Buhr
& Co.. 1187 Mission street, between' Seventh
and Eighth.
FOWLER— In this city, January 20, 1900. Char-
lotte Jane Fowler, widow of the late Warren
R. Fowler, a native of Albany County, New
York, aged 82 years and 6 months. •
FRAIR— In this city, January 21, 1900, Rachel
Fralr. a native of Ireland, aged 34 years. ¦• .
, ir^Frlenda and acj'talrttnnpffs ar« ro«po<-t-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from 'the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Laurel Hilt Cemetery.
FREUNDSCHUH— In this city, January 21,
1900. Charles P. Freundschuh, beloved hus-
band of Marsraretha Freundschuh, a native
of Baden. Germany, aged 62 years.
GABRIEL— In this city, January 22, 1900, Mary,
beloved wife of Gus Gabriel, mother of Em-
GOLDEN GATE ave.,-J023. near Lagruna— Fur-
nished rooms, with or without housekeeping.
PARALYSIS:
ALL NTERVOL'fi I'IsfEASES;
OSSIFICATION;
HARI» TUMORS;
ALL ABNORMAL ENLARGEMENTS;
RHEUMATISM IN ALL FORMS;
SCROFULA. ECZEMA; t-KIN DISEASES;
CONSUMPTION;
OLD STANDING CHRONIC DISEASES.
Cured where a!I others have failed.
NO DRUGS! NO KNIFE!
Different fpcm any other treatment.
Write for rr-ferenees. Consultation free.
DR. L. J. ETRATTOX, £07. SOS and SC9. Par-
rou buililnc. (Over the Eirrorium.)
ritVSICIANS AM) M HOKUMS.
GIRARD House. 192 Seventh— Sunny furnished
roctns: day or week; reasonable.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms, en suite or single. MRS. H. IIYER.
6TAMMERINO corrected: booKl.t. J. WHITE-
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. 1315 Linden. Oakland.
FOLSOM. P65, comer Sixth (The Oliver)— Sunny
furnished rooms: suites or single; new mgt.
FOLEOM. Slo— Sunny front room and kitchen;-
furnished complete; man and wife; no chil-
dren.
09AST DIVISION (Narrow <ia«ge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
IiIRSUTINE CO.. hair specialists, crow hair
or no pay; book for ctamn. C Eddy ft.
VT A NTED— OId gold for manufp. O. NOLTE.
Jeweler. 2<S O'T rrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
COLEMAN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools.
carpet*, old gold; send for him. 606 Kearny.
BEST price fcr cast-off clothing and bric-a-
brac H. MARKS. 2C9 Third St.; eend postal.
MABBIED.
LIPPERT— JTJNG— In this city, January 20,
19C0, at St. Paul's Lutheran Church, by the
Rev. Paul Branke, Louis Llppert and Mar-
Earethe June
PERKINS— PROCTOR— In this city, January
20. 1900. by the Rev. John Hemphlll, William
H. Perkins of Sonoma. Cal., and Edith M.
Proctor of San Francisco.
SPRAGUE— PITNER— In this city, January 22,
1900, by the Rev. W. S. Urmy. D.D., George
F. Sprague and Elzenla G. Pltner, both of
San Francisco. •
THOMPSON— LAWLESS— In this city, Janu-
ary 20, 1900, by the Rev. F. A. Doane, Charles
A. Thompson and Rose EJ. Lawless, both of
San Francisco.
FJGEK'S sweepers are '!.<• best and cheapest.
All kinds repaired tnd for Bale at 542 Sutter.
LKADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
turner? . make-up and wife; country orders so-
licited. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Market st_
ELECTRIC Hshts In every room; Winchester
glloul, 44 Tfclrd st.. near Market: 100 rooms:
ttc to 11 M per night; U £0 to IS per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MASSAGE ar.d medical Kyrr.nastics riven by
exr*ri<-rK*d nurse. Address box 4227, Call.
JOS. A. MURPHY— Presiding Judtfa.
J. B. FERGUSON— Starter.
WASHINGTON. 3025—4 furnished housekeeping
rooms.
PRACTICAL mechanic uirhes to associate
hlrr.seif with man of cood address: business
experience and come money; reference given.
Hex IC4S. Call.
LnDERER'S Qtiintor.lca will take away that
4u!l look from your hair— the only tonic that
will do it; :5c bottle. 123 Stockton St.
ONE day only: on Monday all 31 L 0 switches
twill b<? sold at fl £0: no other day; so come
Jn tim*. FtyltFh hfurdressrip.g, 2C.c: manicur-
ing, 25c G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton et.
FOR SALE— Crazy quilt and rhams: also White
sewing machine. Bex 4140. Call office.
A FIVE suit to order tlO 75, or pants $3 75; our
J specialty In remnant* allows us to sell
c;.ear*"r than ready made. L. LEMOS,
1117 Market ft., bet. 7th ar.d fth, prop. One-
price Tailcrmc Co.; E22 Kearny. near Sacto;
a>o H44 Market et.. under St. Nicholas.
MABBIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Gus M. Davis. 3L 836 Mission street, and
Mary Llnsett. 29, 2513 Broadway.
Simon Will!. -SB, San Carlos, and Eda Knutte,
IS 123 Vickeburg street.
Frank L. Greenberg, 85. city, and Maria T.
Lutz, 24, city.
Henry Petzold. 43, city, and Li«i» Comaskey,
82, city. .;,:-..:
Peter A. Johnson, 33, city, and Selma J.
Svanson, -28 city.
Genls S. George, 34, 1018% Larkin street, and
Lulu A. Wlnchell. 26. 614 Eddy street.
William C. Ford, 27, 2752 Twenty-second
street, and Nettle Wehr, 19, 37 Grand street.
George F. Sprague, 33. 622 Kearny street, and
Elzenia G. Pltner. 22, 813 Pine 'street.
William F. Willis, 28. city, and Emma T.
Walsh. 13, city.
Frank J. Jlcha, 35, San Joee, and Lena Yager,
25, San Jose. •
TENTH. 136— Large sunny furnished rooms f;
housekeeping; also single rooms. i
LEPERXTR, the popular hairdresser, makes a
¦peciaJty of the litest imported hair Etyles
and charres but 2lc; Schemer's Col orine gives
natural color. 75c box. 123 Stockton st.
IS NOT A LADY.
8E1.1.E-OUDRT
TE " A MA, 478. near Slxth-^l3: I nice rooms
and kitchen, complete for housekeeping.
DIVIDEND Notice— DlvVdend No. 101 (600 per
share) of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COM-
PANY will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market St.. on and after Thurs-
day. February 1. 1900. Transfer books will
close on Friday, January 26, 1300, at 3 o'clock
P- m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
WILL MR. WEBSTER, who formerly lived at
I7V» Fourth st.. call at Zbt'-i Third and get his
valise?
ma, "Gertie and Walter Oabrlel, and sister of
Frank McGinnla. a native of Washington,
D. C aged 41 years.
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of CareTV & English. 41 Van Ness avenue,
thence to Sacred Heart Church for services.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HALEY— In this city, January 21, 1900. Patrick,
dearly beloved husband of Catherine Haley,
and father of Frank J., Mary C, John P. and
Margaret EJ. Haley, a native of Ireland, aged
64 years.
(D^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1833 Lombard street, thence to Et.
Brlgid's Church, Van Ness avenue and Broad-
way, where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 0:20 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
HENDY— In this city, January 21, 1900. Juliana,
widow of Richard Heney Sr., and mother of
the late William J. Heney of San Francisco,
Richard Heney Jr. of Mountain View, Fran-
cis J. Heney of San Francisco, G. Ben Heney
of Tucson. Ariz.. Mrs. John Haynes and
Helena E. and Elizabeth 8. Heney of San
Francisco, a native of Germany, aged 76
years and 6 months.
ICFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from her late
residence, 621 Fell street, thence by 12:30
o'clock broadgauge boat to Oakland. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery.
HOLLINGSWORTH— In this city, January 20,
1900, William HoUlngsworth, a native of New
York, aged 35 years.
(C7Friendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully .invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 11:20 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
JENNINGS— In this city, January 21. 1900,
George Jennings, husbajhd of Annie Jen-
nings, and son of Margaret and the late
Thomas Jennings, a native of San Francisco,
aged 37 years 11 months and 14 days.
E7"Frlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Tuesday), at 9
o'clock, from hla late residence, 2273 Fifteenth
street, thence to St. Ignatius Church, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment private.
JOHNSON— At Surf, Santa Barbara County,
Harry G.. beloved son of Edward and Vir-
ginia Johnson, and brother of Edjvard. Clar-
ence, N. W. and Eva Johnson and Mrs. Sadie
Johnson, a native of San Jose. Cal., aged S6
years 1 month and 16 days.
KERLIN— In this city, January 2t. 1900, George
B. Kerlln, beloved husband of the late Re-
becca Kerlln. father of Harry, Walter and
Florence Kerlln, Mrs. Mamie Miller and Mrs.
Lizzie Bird, and grandfather of Alice and
Stark Van Dusen. a native of Chester, Pa.,
aged 77 years 2 months and 8 days. (Phila-
delphia papers please copy.)
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 32">4 Freelon street. Interment private.
LONERGAN — In Tucson. Ariz., January — ,
1900, Peter J.. beloved brother of Joseph P.
Lonergan, a native of Ireland.
tCT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8 o'clock, from St. Dominic's
Church, Stelner street, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul.
Interment private.
MacDONALD— In Oakland, January 21. 1900, at
her residence, 1119 West street. Rebecca Todd,
wife of Dr. James S. Mac Donald, and mother
of Mrs. George S. Graham, Mrs. Francis E.
Crofts and Grace and Margaret Mac Donald,
a native of Pennsylvania, aged 61 years and 9
months. 1
Cry Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, at the
First Presbyterian Church, Oakland. Inter-
ment at San Rafael. Cal.
McALEE— In this city. January 22. 1900. Daniel
McAlee, a native of Scotland, aged 38 years.
(C7Frlencl9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Theo. Dierks, 957 Mission Btreet. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery-
McCLELLAN— In Oakland. January 2t 1900.
James Patrick McClellan, a native of Detroit.
Mich., aged 23 years.
McCORMICK— In this city. January 21, 1900.
Timothy McCormick. beloved father of Het-
tle, Edward and Ada McCormick. and brother
of Mrs. John Brady, Mrs. Eugene McCarthy
and Mrs. PhillD Flemmlng, a native of
Queenstown, Ireland, aged 66 years.
(TTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
of J. McGinn, 31 Eddy street.
MONSEN— In this city, January 21. 1900. Mart-
ten Moneen, a native of Norway, aged 32
years.
(CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral cervices
Sunday, January 2S, at 2 o'clock, at the
chapel at Mount Olivet Cemetery, under the
auspices of Court Occidental No. 6676, A. O.
F. Remains at the funeral parlors of Bunker
& Lunt, 2666 Mission street. Mission Masonic
Temple, until 10:30 o'clock Wednesday.
MORRIS— In Oakland, at 766 Thirteenth street.
January 21, 1900, Emily Clarissa, beloved
daughter of John. W. Morris. n-\ sister of
John E. Morris of Santa Clara i'r. T. H.
Morris of San Francisco and Mftry E. and
Letltia M. Morris, a native of Oakland, Cal.
(CTFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Tuesday), at 10
o'clock, from the Church of the Immaculate
Conception, Eighth and Jefferson streets,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul. Interment
private. No flowers.
MORRISON— In this city, January 22, 1900. Jo-
seph H. Morrison, beloved husband of the late
Ann E. Morrison, and father of Fannie, Jo-
seph R. and Samuel L. Morrison, Mrs. J. J.
Byron, Mrs. Charles Bauer and Mrs. J. J.
Johnson, aged 80 years.
EX Notice of funeral hereafter.
NEWBAUER— In this city, January 2t 1900,
Joseph Newbauer, beloved father of Mrs. B.
Guggenhlme and Slgmund J., Samuel, Henry
H.. Jesse, Eugene and Louis Newbauer, a
native of Bohemia, aged 74 years and 19 days.
K7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of Pacific Lodge No. 136.
F. and A. M. Interment Home or Peace
Cemetery, by 8:S0 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets.
OSTRANDER— In Oakland. January 22. 1900.
Dr. Jasper A. Ostrander, beloved husband of
Emma S. Ostrander, a native of Snellln?,
Merced County, Cal., aeed 44 years and 15
days. (Sulsun and Merced, Cal., papers
please copy.)
E7Funerai sen-ices to-morrow (Wednes-
day), at 1 o'clock, at his late residence, 875
Filbert street, corner of Eighth, Oakland.
O'TOOLB— In San Rafael, January 22, 1300,
Mrs. Anne O'Toole, beloved mother of Mrs.
Elizabeth Boyd, Mrs. Mary A. Bustln and
John F. O'Toole, and grandmother of Mrs.
Clyde N. Browne, Mrs. Charles Almy, Wil-
liam J., Thomas P., Estella and M. E. Boyd,
John, Frank and Georgia Bustln and John,
Fred and Lawrence O'Toole, a native of Ty-
rone, Ireland, aged 89 years 2 months and 4
days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of Mrs. E. Boyd, E street, thence to St.
Raphael's Church, where a requiem mass will
be said for the repose of her boul.
REARDON— In Rio Vlata. January 20. 1900,
Mamie Reardon. beloved daughter of Michael
and the late Nora Reardon, sister of James
• and Johanna Reardon, and niece of Mrs. Mary
Harvey, a native of San Francisco, aged 10
years 8 months and 20 days.
ICJTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors
rr! the Kenry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany, 20 Fifth street. Interment Holy Ctobs
Cemiitrry. '
ROBINSON— In this city, January 21. 1900, Ma-
hala -F., beloved wife of the late John C.
Robinson, a native of Pennlngton, N. J., aged
86 years S months and 17 days. (Washington,
D. C, and New Jersey papers please copy.)
ICTFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Wednesday), at
1:30 o'clock, from the funeral parlors of
Charles H. Jacob *: Co.. SIS Mason street, be-
tween O'Farrell and G;ary. Interment I. O,
O. F. Cemetery. 'f-r^
RTAN— In this city. January 20, 1900, Mary
Ryan, beloved mother of Lizzie, Annie and
John Ryan and Mrs. W. Love, a native of
Ireland, aged 60 years.
C7"rhe funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the under-
taking parlors of the Henry J. Gallagher
Company, 20 Fifth street. Interment private.
SACHS— In this city, January 22. 1900, Adolph
Sachs, beloved husband of Dora Sachs, and
father of Carl Victor Sachs, a native of Bres-
lau, Germany, aged 54 years. A member of
Standard Lodge No. 393. I. O. O. F.. of New
York City.
(CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 2114 Baker street. Funeral services
will be held under the auspices of I. O. O. F.
Relief Committee. Officers and members of
Crystal Council No. 4, Chosen Friends, are
requested to attend. Cremation Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
BERE— In this city. January 22, 1900, John
Bere, dearly beloved husband of Katie Sere,
father of Joseph, Jennie and Annie Sere, son-
in-law of Mary Bell, and uncle of John Sere,
a native of France, aged 49 years.
(CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
January 25, at 11:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, corner of Edinburgh street and
Persia avenue, .thence to the French Church
of Notre Dame dcs Vlctolres, thence to Cali-
fornia Hall, where services will be held, un-
der the auspices of the Llgue Henry IV.
SMITH— In this city. January 20. 1900, Eliza-
beth J.. beloved wife of Thomas R. Smith,
and mother of Frank and Ellen Smith, a na-
tive of Stockton. Cal.. aged 32 years 2 months
and IS days. (Stockton papers please copy.)
, [[^friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
If F Suhr A Co.. '1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
WELCH— In Berkeley, January 21. 1900, Thomas
11., beloved husband of Sarah I. Welch, and
father of John H. Welch, Robert Lumber
Welch and Mrs. Kennedy, a native of Marble-
bead, Mass. (Marblehead and Salem papers
please copy.)
ETThe funeral will tafce plaee> this day
(Tuesday), at : 1:80 o'clock." at Odd Fellows'
Hall. San Francisco. Cal.
OFFICERS and membere or Valley Lodge No.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
ROOMS FOB HOUSEKEEPING.
PERSOV.tLS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 28, 1900.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyrlg-ht, WOO, by H. H. ZfeberO
OAKLAND RACETRACK, January 22, 1900.— Sixty-flrst day of
the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather fine.
Track fast. ¦¦'&
SL Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
1 625 KEABST ST. Established
A In ISO 4 tor the treatment of Private
CT Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
» disease Tearing ou body and mind and
¦ Skin Diseases. The doctoreures when
Mothers fail. Try him. Charges low
¦ Cnreiraaranteed. CaJlorwrile.
Dr. J. k\ uIBBOdi. Box 19*7. 8* a Francisco.
NOE. 113— 2 or 4 sunny rooms: modern lower
Hat: coal stove; grate; yard; JlO up.
utATi — From ITxcxubsb 15, 1333. — arriti
Aft« 4 FIRST. RACE— Five furlongs; selling-; three-year-olds; purse. $300.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. ; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1066 Va-
lencia lit. ••¦ - ¦• a
IH KIMS TO LET Furn. and I'nfnrn.
A— B^RU^CSWICiTIhOUSE^ 148 iiixth^Rooms
2Sc to SI per night: Jl 25 to »3 per week,, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house: modern service; elevator;
bath: rooms 50c to tl CO day. MRS. J. KINO.
Time— %. :12%; %, :3m; %. 1:01%. Good start. Won easily. Second easily. Third driv
ing. Winner, W. B. Jennings St Co.'s eh. g., by Ims. Watercress-Judith.
Winner improved over his old form. Corolla ran better than usual. The Echo unfor
tunate.
Scratched— Louis B. McWhlrter 114.
fift^i SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, 1350.
A LARGE sunny alcove room with gas and
grate; bathroom adjoining; northern part of
the city. Box 1042. Call. "
A— "THE ELMER HOUSE." 324 Bush St., ad-
joining the Ituss Hotel; M rooms; all prices.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHa
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and ba
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
AT E2 Second— nice new papered . and reno-
vated front rooms; $1 SO to $2 50 a week.
BORN.
CHURCinLL— In this city, January 22, 1900, to
the wife of S. W. Churchill Jr., a daughter.
BOHEMIA. 239 Po6t, cor. Stockton— Sunny cor-
ner suite ar.d elnple rooms; hot and cold
water; elevator and all conveniences.
BURNETT. H26 Market St. <eld No. 1364)— Fur-
r.!f!;«--l rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye. — Sunny corner: well furn.; rms. & offices.
*7iOOa. Benida, Suisnn, Eltalra, VacarCle, ~- '
Eomseyantl Sacramento ; *7t43i>
¦7tO*A Shasta Express— Daria, WHloira,
Beil BlufiC Portland »7:43r
•7s3»*. Martinez. Saa Damon. Vallejo. Napa,
Cali.itcga anil Santa Hoxa •¦>18s>
••(30* The Overland LlxiteU— Ogdon, Den-
ter, Uca&ha, Chicago *3ttay
•SiUUa 3»ii Jose, Livcrrnore, Stockton.
lone. Saeramcuto, riae. nUJe,
Mftrysvilln. Chiea. lte<l Cluff Mii.if
•S:Bft* •Milton. Oai<Ulcan<l honcra MilSf
•0:00 a Haywarrfs, Niltsand Way Stations. • 1 1 1 13*
?9:00 a DaTie, Woodlard. Heights Landißf.
Marysrillo, Oro»i;i<v •7:I3»
•9:00* Atlantic Impress— Usden and East *0:-I3a
•BiOCa Martins*, Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton,
Slcre<>tl aatl t'rerao ¦13t13p
•9>OOa Port Costa, Iresao, MoJaTa aud I.os
AngelfS. •6:-I.'lf
•10:00 a Volltjo. Martinez and Way Stations # C: l.ir
•1 1 iOOa Ilsywarils, Niles ar«l Way Stations. •»: «3»
*1 2:eo;u Nilca. litermore. Stockton. Sacra-
mento. Mer.dota, Ilonford. Vbalia*
Pcrtcnilio ••:••»
fl:OOr Sacramento IHTer Srenmera fH:OO»
•3:OOr Haywards. NiScs and Waj Stations. »3: 13»
¦4:0«r Martinez. Kan Ramon, Vallejo,
Napn, ('aliatngft. Santa Kosa *O>l9a
•!<••' Bcnlcia, VacaiiUe. Sacramento.
Woodland. Ki.i.lita Lauding,
MarrsTUle, Oro»il!o •IO:<3»
•4iBor Niles, Ban Josoaud Stockton *7:13»
•»:©OFTho Owl Waited— Tracy. Fiesnot
BakersQcM. tatigna fcr bar.ta liar*
bora, Lrs Aceeles. *10i43a
*3iO»p Encsct Limited— El l»ao. New Or-
tears anil E.-sst e10:4.1*
•9i3or Stockton. Mcrccil. Fresno M3:l3r
*3i3Op FrMuo, UakersllcM. Santa 1: u> ir.i,
Los Aagclea, l"r.:i:/.-, hi faso.
New Orleans anj East. ' »9«-«3*
•3i3Br Santfi F» K.nit.-— At ..i.tio Eiurcss
for Mojaf « a:ul i:a»»... v •Si-lip
•OsOOp Hays-arJa. KilcaandSan Josj •7s-*rfc«
t6i:«or Vallei 1 *12i1.1p
•oi3«r Oriental Mail— Ogdenand East »»:.-»Or
17iOOr Vollejo, IV; i CoaU ami Waj Bta-
tions. {9:33*
•SiOSr Oregon and California Kxr-rP3M.H3C.
rniiiento. Murjsvillp. l'e<l<llug.
rnrtian.l. Puzrt Soim.l ami l\l *4il3a
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
Time— %. :13U: %. :37W: H. 1:03: %. 1:27%. Bad start. Won handily. Winner. Dr. H. H
Rowell's eh. h., by Bramble-Fonsle.
Cromwell drawing away at the close. Faversham all out at stretch turn. There was
a delay of twenty minutes at the post.
Scratched— Coda 107.
Ci.Ci.Ct THIRD RACE— MiIe and a sixteenth; selling-; four-year-olds and upward; purse.
ODDt $400.
•Sil.i * Ne<cax)r,CeiitcrTitle,.San Josa, Pel ton.
Boulder Crcek.&auta Cruz and Way
HtaUons *3»39*
|Sil3r Newark. C'enteMllle, San Jose, New
Almadan, Feltoa, liouMer Creek,
Santa Cruz and l'rinci;al Way
Stations flO:. I ***
M<lsr Newark. San Jose, Los Gatos. MJ:3O*
Ill:l3p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
• WayHtatiorn pigoy
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtam raisctsco— root or ii»:cit stnatoii? a}—
•7:15 000 11:0Oj.M. li:C3 *2:M t3:CB
•i:C3 J3:C3 '6:53 r.B.
rramOUUSB— r»«t •fßre»d««T.— *«:oo 8:C0 10-.OOh.it.
tU-ti «I:C3 |2:M 43:C34 3:C3 |i:C3 *3:0:r.J1.
Time— l-16, :07; 5-16, :31H: 9-J6, :B6H; 13-16. l:aU4; mile, 1:40%; 1 l-16m. I:46 V*. Good start.
Won first three driving. Winner, Miller & Blazer's, eh. h., by Imp. Brutus-Mlrope.
Meropa ran a game race, after getting away poorly. David Tenny a trifle short; he ran
a good race after his long vacation. Satsuma had some speed.
Scratched— Ladaea S9. Charles Le Bel 106.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast cor. Seventh
and Mltiion sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
«;ngle; ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
GRANT aye., 21 (The Wellington)— A family
rooming house: elegantly furnished rooms;
grates, cas. bath; hot and cold water; WXs
to Jl £0 per night; JJ tO to $7 per week.
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming house; SI £0 to $6 per week.
C*Ci. m T FOURTH RACE — Seven furlongs: Fotlansbee Handicap; three-year-olds and np-
OO(« ward; purse, $1600.
HOWARD. «29— Clean, respectable; 25c-Il per
night; 11-S3 per week; Howard cars to door.
16:10* Occaii Viow, S.miU : .in Francisco.. tOsSSv
*7:Ott* Ran Jose nuri Way (Stations (Now
Almadcu V.V.!nv .' .;¦« only) *l:SOr
- *9iOoa Han Jose. Ties Tines. Hanta Cms,
' Paclilc Ciro7e. I'uto Untiles. .Sau
/ I. uls t ;i,!.>po, Bnrf, Lompoe ami
Principal Way Stntlous Mil«r
•lOi4**San.lo«aßH.l Way .Stations •<i:M 4
•Ili3Oa San Jose ami War .Stations *3:30r
fi: 13c San Mateo, lU'Uwood. Menlo Park,
' l'alo Alto, Santa Clara, Sau .Into.
Trea Pinosv Santa Cruz. SaUcaa,
Monterey ami I'aclfic Grove tlOi3<&
l*lltn«r Ban Jose and Way Buttons ''zSOr
f4:l3r ban Joieaml Principal Way Stations I M9|
? 3:OOp Sau Jose and Principal Wa7 Sutlocs H»:<>" t
•5:30p Sau Jose anil Principal Way Stations *N:3.1«,
•0::iOr Ban Jose ami Way Station* ?*:««>*
Hli4sr 8»n Joea ami Way KUtiona »7:»Op
JESSIE. 433— Furnished funny rooms, suitable
for 2. $6; also single rooms.
JUNIPER, 9. off FolEom, between 10th and 11th
— Sunny front room; bath; IS.
MINNA. 667. , corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window/ room. $1 per week; transient.
Time— H, :12H: %. :36V4; %, l:00H; T4. 1:28. Good start. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving. Winner, Foster & Hackett's eh. c, by imp. Watercress-Imp. Paloma.
Yellowtall much the best. Erode out for a •'killing." Ventoro very tired at the finish.
Dlomed a bad actor; he ran a smash in sr good race. Too fast for the others.
Scratched— Faversham 113, Rosormonde 131, Advance Guard 121, Redwald 101, Pat Mor
rtssey 120, Ollnthus 123, Imperious 122.
OAK. 115—1 large bedroom, with closet, gas and
bath: furniture and carpets new; private.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny fumiFhed rooms and
offices; elevator: electric lights: day. wk.. mo.
ROOM suitable for 1 or 2 in exchange for
assisting boy evenings with studies. 1725%
MifElon st.
/>r»O FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
ROSEDALE, $21 Ellis, near Taylor— loo rooms;
Jsc a night: $1 a week: transient.
ROYAL House. 128 Ellis ft— lncandescent light,
reading room, smoking room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per nisrht, Ssc to $1 £0; week, $2 to
$?: month. $S to $30; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
BHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
TEHAMA, t»— Furnished rooms to let; by the
week cr month.
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A good rooming house
fcr good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
A for Morning. I* for Afternoon.
'Daily. t Smulay exeepted. t Sunday only.
6 Saturday on!y.
¦^Taesdarm and Fridays c Thursdays and Sondata,
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO.
LSJSSSH
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COn? A NY.
Tlbaron Parry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00. U:CO a. m. ; 13:33.
3:30, S:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trl?
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at fcM
and lldW d. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30. 3:30.
5:00. «:20 d. rfl.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:IO. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. : 12:43.
3:4>. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:1.'. and 5:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:10.S :10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40. 3:46. 5:05,
t:23 d. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuatzen Park
same schedule as above.
VAN NEFS aye.. 17H— Select private boarding-
house can accommodate a few more jruests;
everything first class and homelike; fashion-
able location: references.
WASHINGTON. 1509, near Hyde — Rooms and
I board; reasonable; private family.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been, established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk et.; open till 9 p. m.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
t'nlted States, postpaid, for tl per year.
Time U, :25^i; %, :49V4; %, 1:14H: mile, 1:39%. Good start. Won ridden out Second
and third driving. Winner, W. C. Sorken's eh. h.. by Imp. Brutus-Nerva.
The Fretter best ridden. Headwater might have won had Henry not drawn his whip.
Catastrophe cut off; was closing- fast. Walsh on Nembula did not have hold of one rein when
barrier was released. ¦
Scratched— Casdale 104. Del Paso n 103. ,
ROOMS papered from S3; whitened. $1 ud;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 Third.
LADIES — Chlcbeeter's English Pennyroyal Pllli
ere the best: safe, reliables take no other;
»end 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladles." in letter by return raail; at drug-
Klsts. Chichester Chemlral Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented: re-
pairing at lowest rates. 20S Fourth st. ¦ ¦•!
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Wesl
Epnngs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttnn
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skag^s
Springs; at Clr.verdale for the Geysers: at lljp-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Spring.
KelseyvWe. Carl9bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake-
rort and Bartl«tt Springs; at Uktah for Vichy
prings, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside. Llerley'^
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle, Orr"*
Hot Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort Brasr.
Westport. Usal. Wlllltts. LaytonvtHe. Cum-
tnlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's, Dyer.
Ecctta and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at r-»-
tfuced rates.
On Sunday round trio tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. «C 0 Market St.. Chronicle bid*.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
General Manager. Gen. Paaa. Agent.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
JAS. 8. NAISMITH.
HEADQUARTERS FOR BARGAINS.
Look here— Just finished; five fine new large
modern houses In the very best residence part
of the city; two already sold: only ten minutes'
walk from narrow gauge station; will sell these
en your own terms and at prices that cannot
be met by any one In the city. Call at the office
and we will show them to you. 452 Ninth st.,
Oakland.
fISO CASH; tl2 SO monthly till paid for; a new
2-story house of 8 rooms, bath, pantry, wa»h
room; plenty of closets, stable, shed, chicken
house, etc.; city water and sewer; sanitary
f dumbing; an up-to-date property: large deep
of situate on Fruitvale aye.: cars pass the
door: 2 blocks from a model school; fine sur-
roundings; is an ideal home; price all told
*">000; will exchange. Call 455 7th St.. Oak-
j en <j. HENUY Z. JONES. Owner.
DOMESTIC PORT.
BAN DlEGO— Arrived Jan 22— Schr Ban»or.
from Olympla.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SUNDERLAND— Arrived Jan JO— Ft bant
Jacques, hence Sept IS.
HULL— Sailed Jan 20— Br ship Crown of In
dia, for San Francisco.
SHIELDS— SaiIed Jan 20— Oer ship Omega,
for Santa Rosalia.
DELAGOA BAY— Arrived Jan 19— Haw ship
Star of Russia, from Port Gamble.
MANILT— To sail Jan 23— U a stmr Warren.
for San Francisco, via Guam and Honolulu.
MAZATLAN— SaiIed Jan 20— Stmr Curacao,
for San Francisco.
To sail Jan 14— Schr Welwera; for' .
Arrived— H B M stmr Pheasant.
AUCKLAND— SaiIed Jan 22— Stmr Alarneda,
for San Francisco.
NANAlMO— Arrived Jan 20— Stmr Mlneola.
from Port Los Anseles.
Sailed Jan 10— Stmr Chas Nelson, for Ban
Francisco. Jan 21— Stmr Mlneola, for Port
Los Anzeles.
SANTA ROSALIA— In port Jan 16. discharg
ing—Br ship Thomllebank and Isle of Arran.
Arrived Jan 9— Bark J D Peters, from Guay
mas, to sail about Feb IS.
To sail— About March 1. ship Bervia: about
Jan 26. bktn Benlcla, for Grays Harbor: about
Jan 25, ship Two Brothers, for Grays Harbor.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NAPLES— Arrived Jan »2— Stmr Columbia.
from New Tork.
AUCKLAND— SaiIed Jan 22— Stmr Alameda.
for San Francisco.
NAGASAKI— SaiIed Jan 15— Stmr Slam, for
San Francisco.
NEW TORK— Sailed Jan 22— Stmr Amster
dam, for Rotterdam.
$75 CASH: $10 monthly: cottage of 3 rooms:
¦rood well of water; 2 fine lots all fenced;
near 3 electric car lines; fine schoolhouse and
SO- foot boulevard; soil, view and climate the
very best; no fogs nor cold winds; Allendale
Tract adjoining East Oakland: price all
told $650; '-all or send for circular. 455 Scv-
rnth *t.. Oakland. H. Z. .TOXES. owner.
RAILKOAD TErAVEL.
MOUNT TAMALPfUS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry.
Week Days »:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Sundays .....8:00. 10:00 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Bteam-beated closed car on all trains.
Fare— San Francisco to Summit and. lleturn.
$1 40.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND IIEAL ESTATE.
100 acres land; half cash, balance easy terms.
Owner, P. O. box 420, Oakland. .
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect Ban FVanclsco.
October 15.
Week Bun- 1339. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination days. Days.
7:10 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8: 40 arc
1:30 pm 9:30 cm Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 ar..
5:10 pra 8:00 i>m Santa Rosa. 7:33 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton.
T:3O ana Windsor, 10:25 *ra
Hea! !ib'ir<r,
Lyttcn.
Geyservtlle.
1:20 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 1:23 pra
7:30 am Hopland and
8:00 am! Uklah. 7:33 pra 6:22 pm
7:30 am | 1 10:25 am
8:00 am! GuernevUle. 7:33 pm.
1:30 pm 6:22 pm
1:30 am S:Coarn Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 an*
and
(:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. f :C5 pm (:23 pm
7:30 am S:CO am Sebastopot- 10:40 am 10:23 am
S:3O pm 5:00 pm| 7:33 pm, 6:23 pm
11
I
Weight. St.
Mm.
»m.
%m. '
Bt£
Fin.
I
Jockeys.
I Betting
Op. Cl
Index.
Horse.
C5O Saul of Tarsus 11l 1
60S Corolla 107 8
609 Gundara 117 5
546 The Bcho 117 10
646 Slsquoo '..119 9
... Invisible 119 T
233 Infinity U3 8
... Bagdad 119 6
683 Fine Shot 104 2
... Bdgardo ?119 4
1H
22
4 2
9 2
I?
7 1
10
3 H
6 1
2 3
3 1
Stt
61
4 1
8 1
9 1
7 H
10
•••
1 2 Spencer
2 4 Thorpe
8 H , B. Jonea
4\i T. Walsh
6 H Buchanan
« 2 Henry
7 1 W. Hennessey
8 1 L. Turner
9 2 Bull man
10 E. Rons
1 7-19
7 12
3 9
IS 13
12 li
23 &¦)
30 50
IS &>
< 11-2
80 50
Index. Horse. A*«. Weight. !St. Mm.
%m.
Km.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
I
I netting .
Jockeys. Op. Cl.
liM-m.14.
OP- Cl.
654 Tom Cromwell, a... 112 1 II
647 Mike Rice, a 109 5 12
636 Paversham, 4 109 4 4 n
651 Etromo, 4 113 8 8 H>
602 O'Connor. 4 106 2 ,B -
604 6t. Isidor, 4....; 116 Left ...
654 Inverary Ij. 5 109 Left ...
8 1
11%
3 h
4 2
5
an
1 1
3 2
4 2
B
22
l 4
8 1
4 4
I*
2 4
8 3
4 a
!..
B. Jones
Thorpe
Spencer
Conley
Jenkins
Hennessey ....
Helnson
8-5 8-2
10 12
7-5 11- 10
SO 50
g 19
30 200
20 30
Index. Horse. Ass. W«l*ht. St.
ndex. Horse. Ass. Weight. St.
654 Merops, 4 104 8
(662) Scotch Plaid. B 109 7
... David Tenny, 6 109 3
621 Dr. Marks. 6 96 4
657 Tempo, 5 106 6
610 Lady Britannic, 6.. 84 6
555 Satsuma, a 112 2
... Wcller. 4.... ..108 1
Mm.
Mm.
3 n
2 IV4
7 1
6 4
I 4?I 4 ?
6 1
8
Km.
4 h
I 1
6 %
8
8 1
1 h
5 n
7J4
%m. Str. Fin.
4 Vi S 2 in
1 h 12 2 4
51 4 ¦* 3 X
88 4 n
6 1H 7 H 5 2
232 h 6 3
4%5 n 7 h
736 2 8
I
Bettlnj.
Jockeys. Op. CL
Bullman 7-3 7-2
Jenkins 11-5 2
Thorpe 8-5 11-5
Buchanan .... 29 39
Henry 25 60
J. Martin 20 lto
K. Jones 4 7
Spencer 10 25
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St.
Mm.
%m.
Etr.
Fin.
Jo
jckeys. !
I Betting.
Op. CL
%m.
i
661 Yellowtail, 8 183 6
637 F. W. Brode. 8 112 4
632 Ventoro. 4 :..128 7
650 Dlomed, 3 107 10
608 St. Cutbbert, 6 119 1
554 Dr. Sheppard, 8 125 2
52S Constellator, 3 107 8
567 Flamora, 3 113 5
625 Bathos. 8 110 3
69S Formero. 4 123 9
7tt
2 b
6 h
10
1 1
6 1
8 h
9V6
3 h
I 1
7 h
4 1
1%
4 H.
6 1
8 1
E 1
10
1 2
2 8
6 h
9 1
3 1
4 1
6 h
7 2
5 2
10
i :
i
114
2 2
6 1
7 1
6 h
8 1
8 1
4 h
9 1
10
1 n
25
3 n
4 2
SS
6 h
7 1
8 5
9 6
10
Jenkins
Bull man
Spencer
T. Walsh
EX Jones
Thorpe
E. Ross
Conley
Morgan
IPlgKOtt
S 9-2
. 10 13-2
. S E
. 20 44
. 10 IS
. 8-5 3
. 20 45
. 8 9
. 10 25
. 10 9
ldex. Horse. Age. Welg
I
ght St.
Km.
Hm.
\m.
Str. Fin.
I 1 Benin*.
Jockeys. Op. O.
Index.
Horse.
Age. Weight St
Km.
Hm.
\m.
Str.
649 Bessie Lee. 6
552 Lost Girl, 6
... Cormorant, 4
634 Clarando, 4
626 Meadowlark, .a
548 Senator Dubols, 6..
516 New Moon, a
635 Twinkle Twlnk, 6..
663 Romany, 4
539 Panamlnt, 4
..107 3
..109 5
..109 1
..104 3
..109 8
..109 9
..107 10
..10-3 7
..10S 4
..109 6
3 1
4 2
1 tt
8 1
9 2
7 h
6 h
10
6 h
8 2
1 1
41
2 H
5 1
8 3
6 1
9 1
10
7 t
6 h
ltt 13
II 3 n
2 h 32
4H 4 2
81 5 2
(H 6 H
81 7 2
91 8 1
10 9 3
7 % 10
Bullman 8 10>
E. Jones 4 S
Conley 8 2
Jenkins 8 10
E. Ross 12 20
T. Walsh 19 10
Stuart 20 60
Spencer 20 20
Morgan 13 40
Thorpe 8-5 9-5
Index.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St.
(637) The Fretter, 4 102 5
(634) Headwater. 4 99 3
656 Catastrophe. 6 104 4
654 Dr. Nembula, 4 99 7
6fi2 Red Pirate, 4 105 6
413 Snips, 5 104 2
655 Sister Alice, 6 108 1
Horse.
Age. Weight. St.
Urn.
Urn.
5 1
6 1
7
3 H
1 H
8 h
2 1
6^
%m.
2 tt
1 h
4 2
3 1%
7
6 3
6 2
Str.
1 H
2 2
41
3 h
5 n
7
6 1
Bettln*.
Fin. Jockey*. Op. Cl.
in J. Martin 7-2 16-5
2 h Henry 4 S
3 4 Jenkins 5-2 18-5
4 1 T. Walsh 7-5 7-5
5 3 Morse 15 to
6 1 Bullman 20 40
7 E. Roas 15 13
ldex. Horse. Age. Welg
I
ght St.
Km.
Hm.
\m.
Str. Fin.
I 1 Benin*.
Jockeys. Op. O.
Index.
Horse.
Age. Weight St
Km.
Hm.
\m.
Str.
649 Bessie Lee. 6
552 Lost Girl, 6
... Cormorant, 4
634 Clarando, 4
626 Meadowlark, .a
548 Senator Dubols, 6..
516 New Moon, a
635 Twinkle Twlnk, 6..
663 Romany, 4
539 Panamlnt, 4
..107 3
..109 5
..109 1
..104 3
..109 8
..109 9
..107 10
..10-3 7
..10S 4
..109 6
3 1
4 2
1 tt
8 1
9 2
7 h
6 h
10
6 h
8 2
1 1
41
2 H
5 1
8 3
6 1
9 1
10
7 t
6 h
ltt 13
II 3 n
2 h 32
4H 4 2
81 5 2
(H 6 H
81 7 2
91 8 1
10 9 3
7 % 10
Bullman 8 10>
E. Jones 4 S
Conley 8 2
Jenkins 8 10
E. Ross 12 20
T. Walsh 19 10
Stuart 20 60
Spencer 20 20
Morgan 13 40
Thorpe 8-5 9-5
I
Weight. St.
Mm.
»m.
%m. '
Bt£
Fin.
I
Jockeys.
I Betting
Op. Cl
Index.
Horse.
C5O Saul of Tarsus 11l 1
60S Corolla 107 8
609 Gundara 117 5
546 The Bcho 117 10
646 Slsquoo '..119 9
... Invisible 119 T
233 Infinity U3 8
... Bagdad 119 6
683 Fine Shot 104 2
... Bdgardo ?119 4
1H
22
4 2
9 2
I?
7 1
10
3 H
6 1
2 3
3 1
Stt
61
4 1
8 1
9 1
7 H
10
•••
1 2 Spencer
2 4 Thorpe
8 H , B. Jonea
4\i T. Walsh
6 H Buchanan
« 2 Henry
7 1 W. Hennessey
8 1 L. Turner
9 2 Bull man
10 E. Rons
1 7-19
7 12
3 9
IS 13
12 li
23 &¦)
30 50
IS &>
< 11-2
80 50
Index.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St.
(637) The Fretter, 4 102 5
(634) Headwater. 4 99 3
656 Catastrophe. 6 104 4
654 Dr. Nembula, 4 99 7
6fi2 Red Pirate, 4 105 6
413 Snips, 5 104 2
655 Sister Alice, 6 108 1
Horse.
Age. Weight. St.
Urn.
Urn.
5 1
6 1
7
3 H
1 H
8 h
2 1
6^
%m.
2 tt
1 h
4 2
3 1%
7
6 3
6 2
Str.
1 H
2 2
41
3 h
5 n
7
6 1
Bettln*.
Fin. Jockey*. Op. Cl.
in J. Martin 7-2 16-5
2 h Henry 4 S
3 4 Jenkins 5-2 18-5
4 1 T. Walsh 7-5 7-5
5 3 Morse 15 to
6 1 Bullman 20 40
7 E. Roas 15 13
Index. Horse. A*«. Weight. !St. Mm.
%m.
Km.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
I
I netting .
Jockeys. Op. Cl.
liM-m.14.
OP- Cl.
654 Tom Cromwell, a... 112 1 II
647 Mike Rice, a 109 5 12
636 Paversham, 4 109 4 4 n
651 Etromo, 4 113 8 8 H>
602 O'Connor. 4 106 2 ,B -
604 6t. Isidor, 4....; 116 Left ...
654 Inverary Ij. 5 109 Left ...
8 1
11%
3 h
4 2
5
an
1 1
3 2
4 2
B
22
l 4
8 1
4 4
I*
2 4
8 3
4 a
!..
B. Jones
Thorpe
Spencer
Conley
Jenkins
Hennessey ....
Helnson
8-5 8-2
10 12
7-5 11- 10
SO 50
g 19
30 200
20 30
Index. Horse. Ass. W«l*ht. St.
ndex. Horse. Ass. Weight. St.
654 Merops, 4 104 8
(662) Scotch Plaid. B 109 7
... David Tenny, 6 109 3
621 Dr. Marks. 6 96 4
657 Tempo, 5 106 6
610 Lady Britannic, 6.. 84 6
555 Satsuma, a 112 2
... Wcller. 4.... ..108 1
Mm.
Mm.
3 n
2 IV4
7 1
6 4
I 4?I 4 ?
6 1
8
Km.
4 h
I 1
6 %
8
8 1
1 h
5 n
7J4
%m. Str. Fin.
4 Vi S 2 in
1 h 12 2 4
51 4 ¦* 3 X
88 4 n
6 1H 7 H 5 2
232 h 6 3
4%5 n 7 h
736 2 8
I
Bettlnj.
Jockeys. Op. CL
Bullman 7-3 7-2
Jenkins 11-5 2
Thorpe 8-5 11-5
Buchanan .... 29 39
Henry 25 60
J. Martin 20 lto
K. Jones 4 7
Spencer 10 25
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St.
Mm.
%m.
Etr.
Fin.
Jo
jckeys. !
I Betting.
Op. CL
%m.
i
661 Yellowtail, 8 183 6
637 F. W. Brode. 8 112 4
632 Ventoro. 4 :..128 7
650 Dlomed, 3 107 10
608 St. Cutbbert, 6 119 1
554 Dr. Sheppard, 8 125 2
52S Constellator, 3 107 8
567 Flamora, 3 113 5
625 Bathos. 8 110 3
69S Formero. 4 123 9
7tt
2 b
6 h
10
1 1
6 1
8 h
9V6
3 h
I 1
7 h
4 1
1%
4 H.
6 1
8 1
E 1
10
1 2
2 8
6 h
9 1
3 1
4 1
6 h
7 2
5 2
10
i :
i
114
2 2
6 1
7 1
6 h
8 1
8 1
4 h
9 1
10
1 n
25
3 n
4 2
SS
6 h
7 1
8 5
9 6
10
Jenkins
Bull man
Spencer
T. Walsh
EX Jones
Thorpe
E. Ross
Conley
Morgan
IPlgKOtt
S 9-2
. 10 13-2
. S E
. 20 44
. 10 IS
. 8-5 3
. 20 45
. 8 9
. 10 25
. 10 9Invented Crystal Gold.
NEW. YORK. Jan. 22.— Alfred Watts,
the inventor of -crystal gold, which is
used In dentistry, died at his home In
Brooklyn of old age.
Transport Leelanaw in a Hurricane Off the Japanese Coast.
.„, Nt J7 3R7) $7 254 12: wharf office. $465 20;
u£. lIH/0&; due from Unlt«d St»t«j Govern
ment. $20,622 W: total assets, W,U2.i«^33-
Llabllitier-Flrst m°? BaßeB aBe bonds Issued. *U
2M.000; due.W. G. Irwln & C % s s, s \ o ™! "*»
bllitles SI 250.500; net assets, $1.562.251 33. net
allets as above. 51.-562.251 33 ; capital paid In.
51.606.250; balance per profit and loss sheet. 156,
031 33. ' --j
At the meeting yesterday 23.917 shares of
stock out of a total of 25,000 shares were
represented. The reports of the president
and secretary were read, approved and
accepted. The old board of directors v-as
re-elected and will meet to-morrow to or
ganize and elect officers for the year.
NEW YOEK, Jan. 22.— Dr. John T. Thelberg, a wealthy blind
physician, who lives at the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel, was ar
rested to-day for whipping a 14-year-old boy named Arthur Mag
net. The boy declares that the physician beat him on the head with
a gold-headed cane with such force that the cane was broken. The
doctor says that as the boy's guardian he has the right to punish
him. Young Magnet asserts that he doesn't know where he was
born, but that he used to live with a Mrs. Frazee at 8 Hopeton ter
race, off Washington street, in San Francisco, and that when he
was four years old Dr. Thelberg came and took him away. At
the time he was taken away Mrs. Froze*, the boy says, informed
him that Dr. Thelberg was his father. As a reason for the beating
the boy declares that for some time the physician has been trying
to force him to go to sea, and that when he flatly refused to go the
cane was broken on his head. The magistrate has postponed exami
nation of the case until to-morrow.
UNRIVALED SHIPS
FOR THE TRADE
OF THE PACIFIC
Plans of the Oceanic
Company.
SERVICE TO BE INCREASED
STOCKHOLDERS IN AUNTJAL
SESSION.
A Year of Great Prosperity Opens
Another Which Promises to Bo
the Best in the Corpora- >
tion's History.
?
One of the most important sessions In
the history of the Oceanic Steamship
Company was held yesterday in the an
nual, meeting of the stockholders of the
company. The reports of the officers
showed that the corporation has not only
surpassed all previous records of prosper
ity during its latest year of existence but
it promises for the year just beginning
greater results and success. The affairs
of the corporation were briefly sum
marized in the report of the president,
John D. Spreckels, who referred particu
larly -to the substantial results of last
year and to the - healthy condition with
which the new year is begun.
Mr. Spreckels called attention to the
success which has greeted the bonds
which have been issued for the construc
tion of new ships. These ships, he report
ed, will increase the number of round
trips during the year from eight or nine
to seventeen. The ships in speed, equip
ment and comfort will be without peers
in the Pacific Ocean and will, contribute
materially to the upbuilding of the com
merce of the coast. There is, the presi
dent reported, every reason to expect sub
stantial mail subsidies from the Govern
ment of New Zealand. As a whole tho
aftairs of the company could not be In a
better condition and the future could not
promise a brighter outlook.
The total net earnings for 1899 were
$374,747 45. an increase of J49.190 05 over
those of 189 S. In the net earnings of ISU9
the steamship Zealandia contributed J90,
569 35 for her services asia Government
transport. Deducting this amount from
the total of net earnings leaves as net
earnings in the regular trade J279,1iS 40,
which is an increase of $101,401 64, or about
63 per cent, over the regular trade earn
ings of IS9S. There Is now in the treasury
the sum of $296,547 60, as against $222,901 32
in IS9S», making an increase of $73,646 28.
This sum does not include the money
which has been received from the sale of
bonds. These bonds are now very highly
considered by investors, as the premium
upon them demonstrates. The entire au
thorized amount of $2,5U0,000 has been sub
scribed for at par. Bonds to the extent
of $1,250,000 have been issued and partial
payments to the amount of $725,534 have
been made on account of steamship con
struction and further payments will soon
become due.
One of the most important parts of the
president's report deals with the construc
tion of these new ships and the enormous
increase of the service which will be oi
vital interest to the commerce of the
coast. The president reports that the re
quirements of the trade are beyond the
present capacity of the company, but it is
fortunate that the new ships, the con
struction of which was authorized at the
last annual meeting, will be sufficient to
meet the increasing demands of trade.
The first of these three ships will be
launched in a few days and will be able
to take up the running on June 13. It will
be followed two months later by the sec
ond vessel and four months later by the
third. As already Indicated, they will be
without peer on the Pacific Ocean and
could not be duplicated now at an In
creased cost of 25 per cent. When they
are put In commission the Alameda and
Mariposa will be withdrawn in turn to
receive new boilers, machinery and other
improvements, which will Increase their
speed and capacity.
The president reported also that he had
visited Washington in connection w:th
securing mail subsidies, and confidently
expects increased revenue from this
source when the new steamships are
ready for service. Proposals have been
made also to the Government of New Zea
land with a view to the establishment of
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. One dose will stop
a cough. .Never fails. Try It. All druggists. •
Presented With a Diamond Pin.
At the conclusion of the installation
ceremonies of the Young Ladles' Institute
No. 7 on last Wednesday evening Sister
Mahoney, the retiring president, was pre
sented with a handsome diamond pin by
District Deputy Mrs. J. P. Sweeney in
token of the. esteem in which'she.is held
by her, sister members and in appreciation
of the Interest she had always displayed
in institute affairs. Sister Mahoney feel
ingly responded.
Commercial Museum Delegates.
In accordance with the request of Presi
dent Benjamin Ide Wheeler of the Uni
versity of California, the Merchants* As
sociation has appointed the following: com
mittee of five to attend the conference
to be held this. evening at the Mark Hop
kins Institute of Art upon the proposed
establishment of a commercial museum in
San Francisco: Isaac Upham, S. Suss
man. James Hogg, Everett N. Bee and
Adolph Mack. The Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association has appointed as
delegates to the same meeting as follows:
A. Sbarboro. James W. Kerr. Wakefleld
Baker, Lippman Sachs, Charles B. Platt
and Eugene Goodwin
old man promising not to trouble hor
again.
a complete new service. These proposals
.specify that the New Zealand Govern
ment shall pay annually to the Oceanic
Steamship Company the sum of £30,000 in
consideration for seventeen trips a year
with the new steamships, instead of thir
teen trips now given with two Amerlc.in
ships and one British vessel. *;:'i
The offer to the Oceanic Company is to
perform the new service exclusively with
American ships, as it must do if it avails
itself of the terms of the United States
law governing postal contracts. Under
the proposed conditions the ships would
sail every three weeks instead of four,
with the time of the voyage greatly re
duced. No definite arrangement has yef
been reached with the colonies, but the
president of the company believes that
when, the colonial Parliament meets in
June a satisfactory agreement will be
made. • . :.; •
With these plans the president . looks
forward confidently to an extremely
bright future. The company, instead of
furnishing eight or nine trips a year, will
give seventeen, and make the time In
transit between Australia and London as
good as the best the Suez canal route can
offer. It will at the same time handle the
New Zealand malls in four days' less
time.
The report of the secretary, to ; which
the president referred, is important, and
Is in full as follows:
Assets— Stores on ' dock. $4,171 78: Honolulu
warehouse, 124,981 62; coal at Honolulu (953
and were delighted when Panama was
reached.
The ship Cyrus "Wakefleld, now on her
way to Honolulu, is likely to have trou
ble with her crew in the islands. She has
over 4000 tons of general cargo aboard,
and there will be some hard work in dis
charging it. Then she is to load sugar for
New York, and ther^^lll be more labor
getting it aboard. '.Tliat being the case,
there is likely to be a few desertions be
fore the vessel is ready to sail for New
York.
The transport Pennsylvania will get
away with a full cargo of supplies for
General Otis. She will carry $1,500,000 in
specie for the payment of the soMiers.
An officer and ten men will go along to
guard the treasure. Besides these men
the Pennsylvania will take down four doc
tors, four officers and two Government
employes.
Captain Peterson has taken command
of the steamer Ncwburg, vice Captain
Hanson.
The following notice to mariners has
been issued by the Lighthouse Inspector:
"Notice is hereby given that pending the
removal of the fog signal to a new site
the fog bell at Alcatraz Island light sta
tion. San Francisco Bay. California, will
not be sounded from Tuesday next. Janu
ary 23, 1500, for a period of six or sewn
days. Due notice will be given of the re
establishment of this signal."
A Tl V rt ft.7TS'FVM'Ti'N*T!fr L
GREATEST 0110 S *OF
ABSOLUTE
AUCTION
TO-DAY
And Daily at 11 A. 51. and 2 P. 51.
SW. Cor. Geary and Stockton,
Opposite the City of Paris.
Genuine Antique Fine
ORIENTAL RUGS, Etc.,
THE ENTIRE STOCK
—OF THB
TURKISH RUG GO,
BEING SOLD OUT.
This Is Rug buyers' opportunity.
Nothing will be reserved*
This is a genuine auction.
Come witness It and derive the benefit,
If so.
Come Just to See.
Pretty Premiums Given Free.
Great Americaii Importiiig Tea Ca
Stores Erery-wliere,
zoo Stores.
111111 1 1 I 1 1 <"»«»»« cured or no
Ullw I UL pay. No detention from
II II 1 1 1111 I business. DR3. MANS-
¦ \\J \ I VI IL. FIEI.D. 833 Market su.
Ban Francisco.
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
plaints of the Organ* of G«neraUon
Price U » bottle. For sale by druggist*.
friilts .Into VeptaWe Pills
A RE ACKNOWLEDGED BY THOUSANDS
r* ol persons who have used them for fort*
years to cure SICK HEADACHE GIDDINESS
Arthur Frazee, Central Figure of a Strange Tale.
From a photo taken at the age of 11 years.
THE brief telegraphic message wh!ch
heads this article has dragged the
family Ekeleton from the closet of
a man who formerly moved in the
swellest social circles of San Fran
cisco, and has caused immeasura
ble mental torture to the woman out of
whose life the boy she loved was torn
seven long years ago.
When Mrs. V. Frazee. who lives at R
Hopeton terrace, which extends south
from Washington street, between Powoll
and Stockton, was informed that Dr.
Thelberg had been arrested in New York
for maltreatir.gthelad who formerly mnde
his home with her, she came near faint
ing and had to be carried to an open
window. Her anguish was something
pitiable, and as soon as she had re-cov
ered sufficiently to be able to speak co
herently the old lady told a tale which
•will interest residents of both this city
and New York. It is the tale of a wronced
•woman, of a man's effort to hide his child
away from the eyes of the world, of an
other woman's love for the little one that
had been brought into her life to supply
the place of others that had passed away,
of the marriage of the father in a far
away cJty, of the latent affection for his
offspring which finally developed to the
point where he tore it rudely from the
protecting arms which held it, and then
of physical misfortune and brutality,
which ended in the Police Court— a
etrange, cad tale. Into which at various
places creeps the dramatic clement.
Dr. John Thelberg was formerly a phy-
Eiclan well known fn this city, who for
months lived at the Palace and then at
the Baldwin Hotel. Here he moved in the
higtiest circles of society and attracted
considerable attention from the fair sex
on account of his handsome face and
agreeable personality. While living here
he did not practice his chosen profession
on account of holding a lucrative position
as chemist for the American Sugar Re
finery. Ten months after the birth of tha
child whose parentage was unknown until
stven years ago he was blinded by the
explosion of some chemicals while experi
menting Jn a drugstore on Clay street,
and shortly afterward went to the Belle
vue Hospital in New York to see if any
thing could be done to restore his sight.
The skill of medical scientists availed him
not and to-day he is as blind as when the
accident occurred.
"Dr. Thelberg came to live with my hus
band and me in 1S80," said Mrs. Frazee,
"and stayed here only a few months,
when mv husband, r.ho had taken a vio
lent dislike to him for some reason or
other, asked me to inform him that we
desired to live alone. Then he went away
and I <sid not sco him again until two or
throe days after my husband's death,
which occurred on July 16, ISSL
"At that time he returned and en
deavored to console me for my loss, and
now and then he would visit me. He was
always \*ery pleasant, and until I learned
of Ills wickedness I thought him a good
man. indeed. A year later he called to
see me again and told me that the wife
of a dear friend of his had died shortly
after giving birth to a child and that he
Intended to adopt It. He wanted me to
take the child and give it the best of
care, saying he would pay me well for
my trouble. I was astonished to hear
this, as he was only 2S years old then,
and said people would think it strange
for him to adopt a baby. I asked Its sex
and age. and he became confused and
said he had forgotten to Inquire. He finally
won my consent to take care of the child,
for I thought it would take the place of
ray own dear ones who had passed away.
"In the latter part of July he came
and told me to prepare for a short jour
oe y r did so and went aboard a vessel
on a Monday and did not get home until
the following Saturday. The place I was
taken to was Santa Barbara. \o a hotel
there on West street. The next day Dr.
Thelberg came for me in a carriage and
took me to a cottage on West street, a
short distance from the hotel. I was
ushered into the parlor, and in a short
time he returned with a bundle which he
placed in my arms. It was the baby.
"I brought it home and learned to love
it as a mother would her own child.
When the boy was 9 years old I took
him to old St. Mary's Church, on Du
pont and California streets, and had him
uaptized by Father Sullivan and chris
tened Arthur Frazee. His father had told
me his surname was Magnet, but 1 chose
that he should btar my name. He was
Etnt to the Le Conte School, on Powell
street, between V.'ashinpton and Jackson,
until the day he was torn from my arms,
and grew Into a fine, large boy.
"Aoout ten months after the child was
born his father met with an accident
which caused his blindness. The boy was
born on June 28, I&>2, and the reason why
his father was confused when I asked
him the sex of the child he wanted me
to take care of was that it had not yet
been born. Dr. Thelberg was asked to
investigate a chemical in a Clay street
drug store as he was passing in his buggy
and the chemical exploded and made him
blind.
"He stayed at the Baldwin Hotel for six
months and then went to Bellevue Hos
pital, Xew York, where he had graduated
as a physician, to see if anything could be
done for him. It could not, and I after
ward learned from an old English gentle
man named Webb, who used to live at
South Park, but is now dead, that Dr.
Thelberg had married a woman who had
graduated in the same year he did. Five
years after he had departed he pent a
lawyer here for the boy, and I refused to
give him up.
"It was In August. 1593, that he returned
here himself and asked for the boy. I
said nobody could have him, that I loved
him and he wanted to stay with me. Then
the doctor went before the courts and
swore that Arthur was his own child, and
I had to yield him up. The boy was 11
years old when taken away, and the night
before he went he cried dreadfully and
paid: 'Mamma, that man is going to take
me away. I want to die. I don't want to
go with him. Who Is he?" I said the
doctor declared he was Arthur's father,
and then the child became strangely still.
I wonder what he thinks now, when he Is
nearly 18 years old?
"The boy was taken to the Mount
Pleasant Primary School at Amherst,
Mass. All my letters to him were inter
cepted by Principal Nash in accordance
with orders I learned had been given by
Mrs. Thelberg. The physician showed me
Mrs. Thelberg's picture when he came
after Arthur and she looked like a kind
woman.
"Mr. Webb told me he had learned that
the mother of the boy was not dead at all
and that she had followed the father to
New York and had been permitted to visit
him while he was at the hospital and
bring him delicacies and flowers. She did
not live in Santa Barbara, but in San
Francisco, and went there a few months
before the boy was born.
"I love the boy and want him back
and believe he would like to return to
me. Where his mother is I don't know.
I should think from his still going by the
name of Magnet that Mrs. Thelberg does
not know that her husband is the boy's
father, but this brutality may end the
sorrow in his young life."
As an evidence of the love Mrs. Frazee,
who is a very old lady, bears for "her
Arthur." it may be mentioned that she
has made him the sole legatee to her
property by the terms of her will, includ
ing money In bank and valuable Jewels
in the safe deposit, besides considerable
real efttate.
The dispatch would seem to bear out her
impression that Mrs. Thelberg is unaware
that the boy is her husband's, as in it is
mentioned the fact that he claimed the
right to punish him on account of befn?
his guardian. The substance of the dis
patch is at variance with the facts in two
particulars. The boy, according to Mrs.
Frazee. Is now nearly IS years of age and
was eleven years old when taken away
by the father. - «
Threatened to Kill.
Henry De Costa, a laborer, went to the
residence of T. S.Ncw. 1629 Mission street,
early yesterday morning and demanded to
see his divorced wife. He raised a dis
turbance and threatened to kill New. lie
was arrested on a charge of threats to
kill and appeared before Judge Cabanlss
later. The case was continued. -. „„„
Thomas Condon, the old man at Ocean
View who was arrested for threatening
to kill his wife, appeared before JuaeP
Fritz yesterday. The wife refused to
prosecute and the case was dismissed, the
PLANS FOR THE
RECEPTION OF
LAWTON'S BODY
So Far They Are Very
Indefinite.
INCREASING INTEREST SHOWN
"Within a week the transport Thomas,
bearing the body of General Lawton, will
arrive. Interest In the probable action
of the army authorities is being shown
in various ways, but even the army
authorities are not sure as to what will
be done. The only definite arrangement
so far made is .that the body will be es
corted across the continent by General
Shatter and his aid. Colonel Wilson. It
may be that a guard of honor will be de
tailed from the garrison at the Presidio
to take charge of the body on the train,
but that has not been settled finally.
The reception given the body of the gen
eral will depend upon the wishes of Mrs.
Lawton. who is coming home on the
Thomas, and on the wishes of those in
charge of the funeral arrangements to be
held in Washington. The army people
here are ready to parade or supply guards
at any time, but it will take come day*
to arrange for any celebration in which
the city will take any active part.
Mayor Phelan has asked to be allowed
to participate in any public demonstration
as representing the city, and the Odd Fel
lows, of which order Lawton was a mem
ber, have Informed the headquarters that
if there should be a p?rade 1000 Odd Fel
lows will follow their dead comrade. Rtv.
Dr. Foute, rector of Grace Episcopal
Church, has also communicated with
headquarters with an offer of his church
as a place in which the body of the gen
eral may lie while awaiting shipment
East.
It cannot be known, however, whether
or not the body will be delayed here until
Mrs. Lawton has been seen. She rray
consent to remain over in San Francisco
for a day or two, or it may be that those
in charge in Washington will make such
a request in order to perfect their plans.
In that caso there will probably be a civil
and military demonstration. In case this
is not desired the body will be taken from
the transport at the Folsom-street wharf
and will be immediately removed to the
train under suitable guard.
It 19 not now Intended that there shall
be any saluting as the transport enter?
the harbor. At the time of the funeral
in Manila minute guns, in accordance
with the rank of General Lawton, were
fired from all posts, and it is probable,
that a similar salute will be given on the
date of the ceremonies in Washington. In
consequence there will not be any salute
fired except under orders from Washing
ton.
The body of Major John A. Logan will
also arrive on 'the Thomas. Major TucK
er. Major Logan's brother-in-law, Is now
here to receive and to escort the body
East. It will probably be put under the
guard of honor for General Lawton. and
will be accorded almost similar honors on
the way over.
With the change of commanders at the
Presidio has come a change in the office
of adjutant. First Lieutenant Le Roy
Eltinge giving place to Lieutenant J. B.
Parker of the same regiment, the Sixth
Cavalry. Major Cowles, who has Just re
signed command, has been made execu
tive officer of the post, a place that seems
to have been borrowed from the naval
system. On board a warship the execu
tive officer Is the working captain, exer
cising all his authority as the representa
tive of the captain, and with nearly as
much power. The office is a new one to
the Presidio.
Major William H. Comegya, paymaster
has been ordered to proceed by the trans
port Pennsylvania to Manila. He will be :
accompanied by his clerk and will hrve
in his charge several millions of dollars
to be used in the payment of troops no>v
in the field. First Lieutenant Thaddeus
B. Selgle. Thirty-eighth Infantry, with
three non-commissioned officers and six
privates selected from the recruits md
casuals, will go as a guard over the treas
ure.
Major Alfred G. Markley, Twenty-fourth
Infantry, has been ordered to proceed to
Manila on the Pennsylvania.
Acting Assistant Surgeon John H. Ma
cready has been assigned to duty at the
general hospital at the Presidio.
Major William Ennls. Sixth Artillery,
has been ordered to proceed to Honolulu
to take command of Camp McKinley. no*
in charge of Major Mills, also of the Sixth
Artillery. Major Mills upon being relieved
will proceed as soon as possible to Minlic.
where he will join his regiment. Major
Ennls will go down to Honolulu on the
next mall steamer, as transports are still
giving the island capital a wide berth.
HOFF MURDER CASE.
The Appeal Was Beargned Before tiia
Supreme Court.
The appeal case of Albert Frederick
George Verensenekockockhoff. commenty
called Albert Hoff. convicted of tha
murder of Mrs. Mary Clute in Judsa
Cook's court and sentenced to be hanged.
came up for reargument in the Supreme
Court yesterday. Last August the Su
preme Court reversed the judgment of
the lower court. Justice Temple, who
wrote the opinion, contended that the
Judge of the lower court had In instruct
ing the jury allowed himself to become
argumentative upon the fact 3 and the
circumstantial evidence introduced in the
trial. Justice McFarland and Justire
Garoutte dissented from the prevailing
opinion and the Attorney General asked
for a reargument.
Hoff was represented yesterday by
William H. Schooler and R. L. Simpson
and the prosecution by Attorney General
Tlrey L. Ford. Attorney Schooler's argu
ment was alone the lines of Justice
Temple's opinion. Mr. Ford showed that
over twenty States In the United States
have constitutions which are worded liko
that of California on the instructions to
juries, which had been upheld by the
highest courts and where the instruc
tions were similar to those in the Hoff
case. The same line of instructions, ha
contended, had been given here in the
cases of Durrant, Brandes and Botkln.
which had not been assailed, although
the parties had been convicted upon cir
cumstantial evidence. The court took
the matter under advisement.
Supposed Ward Discovered to
Be a Blind Physician's
Child.
Hale^s. • j -?fK s - '.._! 1 - 6^
£ ' "the lowest-priced house in America for good goods."
«5+ .2^ -ffl-—^— these women's wraps are all popular — they're exclusive, too. it's time *
T. 12iCIx6TS though, that the last one of them found a wearer, that's whx •»
* J +*^> to . day they , n be J
JL f£±A 1 *r*£±A $2.45 to $7.50, instead of 55.00 to $18.00.
7$ FvUllLcCl* and s0 it goes; store busier than in any January of the past — but not
4* because of sensational advertising, it's because the newspaper talk §•
4+ is justified by the store's acts. . ?£>
•% • • . " ii.
_^v Jackets. Jadies* black Jackets. £
, £ \""\ CW\| colors and black, consisting of ker- In boucle. kersey and melton cloths: x:^^^- T*
* P*»4^<a feys, meltons and boucle cloths; some some fly fronts, some double-breasted £fy .^^j^l j>_
ft^f^Viv'JK silk-lined throughout, others partly with deep revers. others single-breast- /. «^7 %ST
w~ teHSaotfri? lined; double-breasted and fly fronts ed, that button up to neck; some ar» *s>V«v £9
«Sk . . I&S^tx" predominating; mostly heavy welsrhts; lined throughout, others only faced; X? s >v-->7,/r\ TT
**^ Sf inLi< a)I sizes; reduced from $10, $12 and $15. they ¦were sold as high as $7.50. but r*»- W*^^2s\ CT
•ft 1 C^~C^^^/ Price.. 90.T5 duced to J?-.15 "^
jL f^^l^T^rs^ ladies' heavy covert Jacket. two-tone boucle Jackets.
V> L_.^/^7^y ol high storm collars, 6-button. double- four-button, double-breasted. turn- y\ YV£ /"*_ ,s
•i /' / / //. f^ 1 breasted, velvet-pipe seams throughout. down collars, lined with a changeable < '!ffir^ Jtm.
Tc? * I If t* \ large revers. new sl»eves; sizes 34 to Bilk: perfect flttlns; sizes 33 to 40. re- bk.t^vr
j- f // \ 1 42; reduced from $12 60 t0..... ?7.50 duced from $5 00 to $2.95 / Z~% \ &
7l ¦/ /\ I l* l^ 88 ' * an kerssy cloth jackets. ladies' kersey and melton cloth jackets. I V/^A /
«Ji I \ \/\ "I with turn-down collars. 6-button, some with storm collars, others with \ r±£*iC\&Ci
£ . I \ ICw/ . I double-breasted, single box pleat In turn down effects; they are mostly silk- \ ?— %Ji Nfc^/ .-»
JSI \ LJ I (f=^N/ / back, welted seams throughout, rim lined and double- breasted; these jackets % »^r \ +*»
* 111 ll J*T buttons, latest round-top sleeves: all were sold for $10.00 and $12.00; all sizes. V _<s^ \ "ZL
,jj| 111 I \^ -ftf t sizes, price..'. JJO.SO reduced to 8>4.45 . <£Z»
*, \y • /*T the new "good goods" brand of spring there was a rush for the new em- £^^' ! ®£ . .*»
'V : IJI ribbons are In— almost $3000 worth. broideries yesterday, no wonder— you'll fe^^f
*^ j came in by express, the effects and know why when you see them— and tha 7*^ <" r -~m.' *•
prices are sure to please you. prices. +^
o{)o °O°
•'«& + » neckweaP so g°°^ and so pretty, we hurried it out here for > »
-1[ bring the >.-. vr fct»^cc you h Y express— just a few days behind iNew /»
.* children, uy CXpiCbb. Y ork for style and "up-to-dated ness." «••'*• T
•** to see largest +y
the only white lawn band bows, colored silk, embroidered ends, only 25c bales of jZ
V spinning white lawn stock and bow, edged with narrow satin ribbon, In assorted colons, cotton
«gt wheel in 0n1y... 50c and the *£•
j- operation string ties, something new, narrow satin ribbon, drawn work effect, with ta«sel co t0 P .. £L
Jf in San- ends, assorted colors, Qnly 25c plantation.
rang sco. the latest empire scarfs In white gros-grain silk, narrow black stripe, silk frinee ;J
«£* ends, \% yards in length, only $1.50 +^
* new StOPe the white more of the sale of the manufacturers' stock of the Arnold
sale. muslin underwear at about half price. onnds
neWS» good muslin with yokes of fine tucks an-» insertion, high or low S uuu&l *&
n ' man n i,,.n nec k - whl-e sale prices 38e, 45c, 65c and 85c Mrs. Reynolds -
many men given KOO( j mu «ii n skirts, full size and width, lace tnmmrd, a 1a 1 will be here only 5
,£ employment on 35c, 50c. 75c and Sl.OO more days to demon- &
£-'V«iYr nAw *tnr*» embroidery flounces, at 50c, 75c and $1.00 - trat _ thew eel— j2_
•& our new store, chlldren » smuslln drawers, 3 'o 8 years 8c pair ra t te . J*" c "'^ *
I just 7 doors west 9to 12 ye-^rs 10c pair brated g ° ods * J c6me +S.
* of our present Hudnufs perfumery. and «cc her to-day.
4* HMilHinfT th? if we please you, tell others; if we don't, tell us. women's domet n!*ht t»
*; DUlluing. t II C • .. ... <¦=. j *rmr A x gowns $1.25 %2*
frnnt will be Of "*" (^sb-4E^N/ \^^ 7s!/ dti dressing sacques. pret-
t IrOnl \: "meet J£%? 0L " the tl!y trimmed. ..#t.OO *2*
•2+ terra cotta — very mg IBSy /rv <g&^(s^(g^iaf£Bg> satis- lounging r0be5.. .52.75 ;*
4+ -handsome— con- at Jlg_Z^Gn~n n mm**^^ factory **<«« drawers with ?£•
I tract let vester- Male's." #*^£°o» eoo**^ n ZgTIkJSfS iS *
f^ day. -f ? 935-947 Market Street. + ? the children warm.
DR. THELBERG'S AREST
REVEALS A SKELETON
Strange Tale of Two Cities Involving a
Wealthy Man's Caprices and a. Foster-
Mother's Love.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 23, 1900.
You can buy Jesse Moore "AA" whiskey for
almost the price paid for ordinary whiskey.
HEAVY WEATHER
MADE HARD WORK
ON TRANSPORTS
Leelanaw in a Gale for
Two Weeks.
MANY SHIPS DUE FROM MANILA
GENERAL LAWTON'S BODY COM
ING ON THE THOMAS. W"
Mail Company's Steamer Barracouta
Damaged in a Hurricane— Moana
Will Not Sail Until
Thursday.
The transports arriving from Manila all
report*- exceedingly heavy weather dur
ing the latter part of the trip. The ship
Tacoma found it hard work to • make
headway, and in consequence she was a
long time making the run. The Cone
maugh "caught it" on the great circle,
the captain reporting that the waves
ran mountains high, threatening at times
to engulf the ship. Captain Storrs of the
Leelanaw thought it would be very rough
on the great circle, bo he took the south
ern route. The Leelanaw arrived yester
day, and from all accounts she had a
worse trip than either the Conemaugh or
Tacoma.
The Leelanaw left Manila on December
20 and made the run to Nagasaki in a.
little over eight days. From Nagasaki
she went to ivobe, and after leaving the
latter port her troubles began. Captain
Storrs in his report says that from Janu
ary 1 to 16. nothing but a succession of
southeast and southwest gales: were en
countered. No sooner would one storm
blow itself out than another would come
up. The captain says he often saw the
crest of the "following" wave showing
clean over the topmast head of the Lee
lanaw. Captain Roberts of the Cone
maugh says he measured the waves and
that they were Co feet high, but Captain
Storrs is of the opinion that in the gales
he had to fight against the waves were
at least 100 feet high.
The Government has not yet decided
what to do with the Tacoma, Conemaugh
and Leclanaw. The chances are that the
.ship will be re-leased and that the two
steamers will go back to the Philippines
with a load of horses.
Quite a number of transports should
arrive here this week. The Manauense
is now out fourteen days from Yoko
hama; the Lennox, twenty-six days from
Manila: City of Peking, twenty-five days
from Manila; Senator, twelve days from
Nagasaki; Thomas, with General Law
ton's remains aboard, eleven days from
Nagasaki; Missouri and Benmohr,
twenty-two days from Manila, and the
Ohio ten days from Nagasaki. Several
others are from eight to fourteen days
out from Manila, and the Warren that
left here with the last of the colored
troops, is to sail to-day. All of these
vessels, with the exception of the
Thomas, Missouri and Warren, which
are owned by the Government, will be
returned to their owners as soon as they
reach port.
The British ship Clan Graham, ifter
trying for three days to make port, finally
arrived yesterday morning. Pilot Wallace
boarded the ship three days ago, and It
was a weary vigil for him. Half the time
the Graham was lost in the fog. and two
tugs that went out to look for her failed
to connect. Finally, when the fog lifted
yesterday morning, a tug picked her up
and brought her in. The bark Gatherer
also got in after being all night on the
bar. She made the run from Clallam liny
to ihe heads in a little over three days
steamboat time.
The mail steamer Moana will not get
sway for the colonies until Thursday
night. She was to have sailed Wednes
day, but the English mails are twenty
four" hours late.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamer
Barracouta arrived at Panama yesterday
after a rery stormy passage from Cham
perico. She was caupnt in a similar stor'n
to the one in which the Colima went. down
and whs only raved by clever seaman
ship. The cargo shifted, the decks were
swept, bulwarks stove In, cabin flooded
and sails that were put on the vessel to
steady it were blown into ribbons. Cap
tain and crew had a very hard time of it
12