THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
VOLUME LXXXVTI— NO. 85.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
CRONJE FIGHTS DESPERATELY
AGAINST OVERWHELMING ODDS
While the Free Staters Have Inflicted, Fearful Slaughter Among the British Troops,
It May Be Impossible for Them to Hold Out Until Reinforcements Arrive.
Kitchener Refuses an Ajrmistiee, and the Boer General Will Battle to the Death.
T ONDON, Feb. 23, 5 a. m.— London enthusiasm over Lord Roberts' operations fo the Orange Free State was
Jjstruck all of a shiver last night by rumors that ran about the public places. ?Men in the service and in political
clubs and the big hotels were informed that the War Office had edited Lord Roberts' reports in regard to his
engagement with General Cronje.
It was said that the Highland brigade had met another disaster in attack upon the Boers in strong position.
The reports could not be traced to any definite source, but well-informed men declare the War Office knew the
Highland brigade had been again trapped, and the Black Watch and another regiment had been nearly wiped out.
The war critics and experts placed considerable credence in the report of the disaster because of the long
list of killed and wounded officers, including General Mac Donald and other Highlanders. These experts declare the
censor was evidently hard at work oh all newspaper reports.
No detailed account of the fight has yet been received in London, but one agency managed to get through and
publish in the afternoon papers a statement that the battle about General Cronje's laager was "a replica of Ma
gersfontein." fiiX Magersfontein the Highland brigade marched up against a barbed wire fence under deadly rifle
fire and^General Wauchope was killed, while a great number of other officers and men were either killed or wounded.
FREE STATERS SEEMINGLY
MAKING THEIR LAST STAND
*»- ONDON. Feb. 23, 4a. m.— General Cronje Is seemingly making his last stand. He is dying hard, hemmed in by
f British Infantry and with shells from sixty guns falling into his camp.-
LOn the third day of the fight the Boer chief asked for an armistice to bury his dead. "Fight to a finish or
surrender unconditionally," was Lord Kitchener's reply. General Cronje Immediately sent back word that his re
quest for a truce had been misunderstood and -that his determination then, as before, was to fight to the death.
The battle went on. This was the situation of General Cronje Tuesday evening, as sketched In' the scanty telegrams
that have emerged from the semi-silence of South Africa.
Officially Lord Roberts wires that he has scattered the advance commandoes of the reinforcements that were striv
ing to reach General Cronje. It is regarded as singular that Lord Roberts wiring Wednesday should not mention the
appeal for an armistice on the previous day and also that the War Office should withhold good news, if it has any.
Without trying to reconcile even the scanty materials at hand it seems plain that General Cronje Is in a bad and
even a desperate situation and that the British are pressing their advantage.
While the attack on General Cronje proceeds there is a race for concentration, between the British and the Boers.
The engagement with General Cronje's five to eight thousand Intrenched men Is likely to become an incident in a battle
between the masses. The separate factions of the Boer power are rapidly drawing together to. attack Lord Roberts.
Will General Cronje be able to hold out until, the Boer masses appear, or if he does, will they; then be abie to'
euocor him? The British are facing the Boers on ground where the arms, tactics and training- of f the British are ex
pected to give them the advantage. . . ? ,
General Buller. according to a dispatch from Chieveley, dated Wednesday, finds the Boers in position north of the
Tugela largely reinforced. This seems strange. ¦ • ¦
The War Office, for the first time, has given out an official compilation of the British loeses. ' The total Is 11,280 to
February 17. This does not include, therefore, Lord Roberts' recent losses, nor the Wiltshire prisoners.
The press association learns that the British losses at Koodosrand were 700.
Three thousand fresh troops will embark for South Africa to-day.
The relative position of the combatants is likened to chess players, one of whom from time to time adds pieces to
the board, while any loss to the adversary is irreplacable. Mfss
NOT GRANTED
AN ARMISTICE
Refused Time to Bury the
Slain, Cronje Will Fight
to the Death.
..... . -¦ . ? — • •¦•..,.,
LONDON, Feb. 23.— The Dally News
has the following dispatch from
Modder River, dated Monday after
noon, February 21:
The Boer forces under General
Cronje are estimated at 8000 men: At 12
o'clock Cronje asked, an , armistice of
twenty-four hours, which was 'refused.
Later he sent a messenger; to . say . that
he would surrender. The British general
sent a reply telling him to come into
camp. Cronje refused, saying there 'had
been a " misunderstanding and r -that , ' he
would fight to. the death.
The bombardment was . then; reopened,
and the British lyddite shells set fire to
the Boer wagons. The British continued
shelling the laager through the night, and
in the morning it was/resumed with 'Max
ims and rifles, principally from the north
side. . • •
On Sunday there was much waste of life
In attacking, and the same result will be
achieved without . it. During \ Monday
night seven Boers ' made an attempt to
break through ¦ our lines, but they were
captured and their leader was killed.
Four were carrying letters. It is believed
that there was '¦¦ one other, who ' got
through. ' "
Other prisoners say that General Cronje
marched from Magersfontein here without
outspanning. ' a \ distance of f-. : thirty- three
miles- Had he succeeded, in escaping It
would have been one of the finest per
formances in the annals of war. The
Canadians made a gallant "charge at the
laager, but were driven back with loss.
General MacDonald and GerierarKnox are
"slightly wounded: . " 7 < • ,
.; .The. War Office, has received from Lord
Roberts the following message/ which was
delayed in transmission, dated Paarde
berg. .Wednesday, February, 21: „,
; "Yesterday' af terno'oa "1 was satisfied by
CRONJE'S AND ROBERTS' MEN
ENGAGE IN FURIOUS BATTLE
CRONJE'S BEST CHANCE
LIES IN NIGHT ATTACK
LONDON, Feb. 23.— Spencer Wilkinson,
reviewing the military situation In the
Morning Post, says:
"Lord Roberts, who was once an- ar
tillery officer, will take care that the ar
tillery fire Is properly concentrated. Pro
longed shelling will compel the Boers
either to hurl themselves at the British
Infantry In the hope of forcing their way
out or to surrender.
"The best rhance for General Cronje
would b« to make a nigbt attack, but the
bayonet will serve the British at night as
well as by day. There are, of course, in
war all sorts of chances. A party of
Boers from the north or .south . might
conceivably fall by surprise on some point
of the investing ring and thus gain a
chance to escape from the beleaguered
Boers, but the probabilities are that Gen-
eral Cronje will be compelled to surren
der, and thus at Paardeberg will be ef
fected the destruction of the first frac
tion of the Boer army."
BULLER REPORTS
STEADY PROGRESS
CHIEVELET CAMP, N*tal. Feb! 21.—
The steady . progress of the relief column
Is uninterrupted. The Boer* Tuesday w'ero
forced from their laet position south of
the Tugela, resulting in the evacuation of
Colenso, which was promptly reoccupied
by the Dublin Fusiliers and Thorneycroft
Horse. A Transvaal flag was captured, as
was a handkerchief inscribed with Gen
eral Botha's name. This Is treasured as a
great trophy. The Boers heavily shelled
Hlangwana'HlH and Colenso Wednesday,
February 21. and the British advanced in
fantry was subjected to a severe musketry
fire, but they had. excellent cover and the
casualties were few.
The Boers had the railroad running from
Colenso to Bulwana. The British continue
to discover large - quantities of ammuni
tion. The Boers are well supplied with
food, and a quantity of provisions was left
behind... It Is expected that further re
sistance will be half-hearted, and that
Ladysmlth will be reached in a few days
LONDON. Feb. , 22.-General Buller re
ports that his casualties, Monday,. Feb
ruary 19, were: Killed— Captain Throbum
of the Royal Fusiliers. Wounded— Two
officers and fourteen men.
GETTING CLOSE TO
GENERAL CRONJE'S LAAGER
LONDON. Feb. 23.— The Times has the
following from' Paardeberg, dated Febru
ary 21:' ' . .' ¦' • .
"We • have ' expelled 800 Boers from an
Isolated* kopje about; a mile southeast of
General' Cfonje's*laager." ""
PAARDEBERG DRIFT. Orange Free State, Tuesday,
Feb. 20 (via Modder River, Wednesday. Feb. 21).— One
of the costliest actions of the war occurred at Paarde
berg Drift Sunday, February: 18. General Kelly-Kenny,
In his pursuit of General Crouje. caught his rear guard
at Klip Drift and followed the burghers to . the Boers' laager
at.Koodoosrand. The drift action began ,at daybreak, the
mounted infantry driving the Boer, rear guard up the river
toward the main body,, while another body of mounted infan
try, maneuvered on the right fronk and flank ' of the Boers.
The British main body advanced to outflank tUe Boers'
laager on the north bank of the river. General Kelly-Kenny
having 'seized two drifts, found the Boers strongly inclosed
and'ordered an attack with -, the Highland brigade on the left
and # Gene.ral Knox's brigade on, the center, and . right, while
General Smith Dorrlen's . brigade crossed' the river and ad
vanced along the north bajik. ."lfi&SjKSSS . .. • /'
On. both the north and south banks the ground is level
and. the advance across this was deadly and the British losses
were heavy. The battle was an exact replica of the Modder
River. .The 'soldiers; were under fire all day and all the fight
ing, had no definite result, as the Boers' laager was well bar
ricaded and ; they /remained therein. The British guns shelled
the laager .vigorously, and the Boers confessed to a loss of
over. 800 men. . '-\~- .' , ... , ¦ • •' •
The terrific shelling was resumed Monday, when General
Cronje asked, for. an. armistice. . 35BffiHBf7lHftl?JIl?8!SH!SK
The! shelling was continued Tuesday, over fifty guns pour
ing lead Into the Boer camp. .,.'..'.... ,
General .Cronje's magnificent night , march, from Magers
fontein now. appears likely to end . in disaster. The main
body, of. the; Boers is. inclosed in a terrible death trap. The
enemy Is hiding In 'the. bed of the Modder, commanded by the
British artillery and Inclosed on the ' east and west by the
British Infantry. Sunday witnessed "a gallant stand on the
part 'of the retreating foe.
.TJred,. harassed,, they still maintained a. bold front. It is
somewhat -.difficult ; to explain the Sunday action In which all
the ¦ British ; force was engaged. In which General Cronje. un
der difficult conditions, -managed to hold his own. On Satur
day night -the < British mounted infantry came In touch, with
'Cronje's rear. guara, 'driving. them ;back upon the main body.
On' Sunday' morning- the action was renewed.' but the Boers,
who had Intrenched -the river bed during the night, prevented
a further advance of the mounted infantry In this direction.
Meanwhile the Highland brigade, consisting of the Seaforths,
the Black "Watch and the Argylls. advanced from the south
bank, and the Essex, Welsh and Yorkshires formed a long
line on the left, which rested on the river, the extreme right
being the Welsh. The whole line was ordered to envelop th«
Boers, who lined both banks of the river.
The firing soon became heavy. The Boers, holding a splen
did position, covered the left of the Highland brigade, which
advanced partly up the river bed and partly In the open, while
the rest of the brigade, with the other regiments, swung
around the front of the Highland Brigade on the level, cover
less ground, exposed to a terrible fire, which obliged the men
to He upon the. ground as they did for the remainder of the
day. This began at 7:30 in the morning. Through the dread
ful heat and a terrible thunderstorm the British hung to th<
position, answering the Boer fire and shooting steadily.
In the. meanwhile the rest of the infantry completed the
enveloping movement, the Welsh regiment having succeeded
In seizing the drift, thus closing in the Boers, who had fought
throughout with splendid. courage.
General Cronje"s laager, full of carts, ammunition and
stores, could be plainly seen near the north bank.
General Smlth-Dorrlen collected a large body of men. In
cluding the Canadians, and crossed the river by Paardeberg
Drift, advancing toward the laager, which was being vigor
ously shelled. This force made a gallant attempt to charge
into the laager, but failed. Before seizing the western drifts,
the Boers occupied a kopje on the south bank, running dowr,
the river. Therefore, their force is cut in two. The Boers
hold the kopje and have one Vlckers-Maxlm and probably on*
or two other guns. Toward evening the battery on the south
side opened, co-operating with the battery on the north side
A. wonderful sight followed. The shells fell with amazing
precision along the river bed, opposite the laager, which was
shelled thoroughly, galling everything it contained. One shel
set on fire a small ammunition wagon, which burned nearlj
all day.
Many other wagons, were set on fire and the glare was
visible at a considerable distance far into the night. The in
fantry also, maintained a terrible fire, which was answere<
vigorously.
The scene toward nightfall was terribly picture* iue wit!
the blazing wagons, the roaring artillery and the crackling rift,
fire. 'mnriHMHMßkJißHak^i
a , careful reconnaissance In force of the
enemy's_posttiQn;that I could not assault
It without, very, heavy loss, which I was
most i anxious to avoid." . Accordingly I de
cided to bombard, him with artillery and
.turn ray .attention \toj the, «n.emy> ; rein
forcements." The result was most satis-;
factory- The Boers .were driven off in all
directions, losing a good many killed and
wounded and about fifty, prisoners, who
say they arrived from Ladysmlth two
days ago by railroad. They also say It
was our artillery. fire which, caused them
to" abandon the kopje they were occupy-
Ing:. Our loss was two officers. Captain
Campbell of the Ninth Lancers and Lieu.
tenant Houston of the artillery # and four
men, all' slightly wounded."
. A special dispatch from Pamrdeberj,
Continued on Second Pag*.French papers, is published to-day. The
colonel says that. two of the Creusots' rep
resentatives rendered the Boers valuable
aid. One . named Greundberg; he, adds, is
the head of their artillery, and the other,
Leon, is the head of their engineers. They
directed the hoisting of "Long Tom" to
the dizzy heights around Ladysmith, and
also arranged for the victualing of the
camps, which he himself located.
The writer expresses admiration of the
organization -and commissariat arrange
ments of thp Boer camps. These, burgh
ers, he says, get excellent meat, bread or
biscuits, coffee, rice, potatoes and other
condiments with surprising liberality. He
pays a high tribute to the unsuspected
military capabilities of the Boer leaders,
and declared every detail of the Boer
organization works like clockwork.
LORD ROBERTS' REGRETS.
OTTAWA, Feb. 22.— Lord Mlnto, Gover
nor General, has received the following
from Lord Roberts:
"PAARDEBERG, Orange Free State.
Feb. 22.— The Canadian regiment has done
admirable service since its arrival In
South Africa, I deeply regret the heavy
loss it suffered during the fight on the
18th lnst., and beg you will assure the
people how much we all here admire the
conspicuous gallantry displayed by our
Canadian comrades on that occasion."
MRS. KRUGER VERY ILL.
BRUSSELS, Feb. 22,— Private letters
from 1 Pretoria received here announce
that Mrs. Kruger, the wife of the Presi
dent, is very ill. The war has grievously
impressed her, and her health Is also im
paired by her anxiety for her numerous
sons and grandsons fighting for their
country, one of whom was killed at
Deerdepoort.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 22.— The
next national Democratic con
ventlon will be held at Kansas
City July 4. This was the de
cision of the Democratic Na
tional Committee, which met at the Hotel
Raleigh to-day to fix the time and place
of holding the convention. . Milwaukee
was the only city which competed for
the honor of entertaining the convention,
and the poor showing she made when the
vote was taken (the result being Kansas
City 40, Milwaukee 9) caused general sur
prise.
The claims of the rival cities as to hotel
accommodations, railroad and telegraphic
facilities were presented in open session
by representatives of each city and sub
sequently in executive session. Governor
W. J. Stone, on behalf of Kansas City,
and National Committeeman E. C. Wall,
on behalf of Milwaukee, explained the
financial inducements which the cities
they represented were willing to make.
Each offered the committee $50,000, but in
addition Kansas City was willing to fur
nish hotel accommodations for tne mem
bers of the committee and the hall with
decorations and music free of expense to
the commltitee. One of Milwaukee's
strongest arguments was the political ef
fect which the holding of the convention
in that city would have upon the Ger
man-American voters, who were repre
sented to the committee as wavering in
their allegiance to the Republican party.
Bryan to Be Benoxninated.
It seemed to be taken ¦ for" granted by
at least two speakers that Bryan would
be renominated, and that the Chicago
platform in substance would be reaf
firmed. Opposition to trusts, expansion
and imperialism, together with every
mention of Bryan and the Chicago plat
form, aroused enthusiasm, but during the
open session of the committee there was
no allusion to the issue of free silver.
Three dates for holding the convention
were proposed— May 9, by Mr. Townsend
-of Oregon; June 14, by Senator Tillman of
South Carolina, - and July 4, by Mr. Mc-
Graw of West "Virginia. A speech by ex-
Senator Gorman In favor of holding to
precedent and naming a late later than
that for the convention of the party in
power had considerable Influence in caus
ing Independence day. to be chosen.
After tho committee had selected the
"Gate City" of the West," the Kansas City
boomers held a jollification meeting, In
their rooms at the Raleigh. Ex-Governor
Stone addressed the gathering, predicting
KANSAS CITY GETS A
NATIONAL CONVENTION
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablet*. All
druggists refund the money If it falls to cure.
E. W.-Grove'e signature la en each box. 360.']
CONSIDERATION OF QUAY'S
CASE IS POSTPONED
Squabble Ensues Over the Bights by
Which the Matter Can Come
Up in the Senate.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 22.— 1n accordance
with a tacit agreement with the Senators
who were unable, on account of the meet
ing of- the Democratic National Commit
tee to attend to-day's session, Mr. Pen
lose of Pennsylvania' refrained fronT call
ing up the Quay case, as he had yesterday
announced he would .do. When he an
nounced, however, his intention to call it
up to-morrow, a brief parliamentary
squabble ensued as to the rights 'by which
the cape would eomo before the Senate.
No conclusion was reached, the questions
involved being postponed for consideration
until to-morrow. aanHMMHlKf-.'
CLEARANCE
r\ I a Wl c
WO.OOO-of CLKAN. SALABLE MEItCHAN-
DISE to be sold in 39 days.
$20,000 overstock of CANNED GOODS at
«-ho!e*al* or retail, less than factory price.
!19,<*» GROCERIES— fresh aj> In the city—
bourht la January for this month's sales.
DRUG STOCK. Including fixture*, will be
closeo out. 6c for Diamond Dyes In colors.
CROCKERY STOCK and FANCT I..AMPS
«nd GLASSWARE. Price Is not considered; it
MUST xo.
Tblrd floor tfoods, OjOTHIN'G. HOUSE
FURNISHINGS. BLANKETS. , FIXX>R COV-
ERINGS. You'll e*t what you want and irave
bis ratmey.
6000 pairs BOOTS AND SHOES at sacrifice
prices.
Ladies 1 and children's underwear
ftr.d HOSIERY. Price will make them ko.
Sale commences SATURDAY (to-morrow) at
I a. ir.. Come earlr.
CASH STORE
25-27 Market St., near the Ferry.
JL U. J>ANA,~-Proprietor. -- •» -- .
dated Wednesday, February 21, . say.=r.
Commandant Botha has been attempting
to relieve General Cronje. There has been
severe fighting. General Botha's force is
scattered, with heavy losses.
CAPE TOWN, Feb. 22.— 1n reply to Gen
eral Cronje's request for' an armistice of
twenty- four hours to allow him to bury
his dead, Lord Kitchener told the Boer
commander that he must fight to a- finish
or surrender unconditionally. General
Cronje's position is reported hopeless.
TIMES URGES ROBERTS
TO PRESS THE BATTLE
LONDON, Feb. 23.— The Times says ed
itorially: "The fact that the Boers started
to reinforce General Cronje from Natal
days ago Is an additional reason why
Lord Roberts should finish with him as
promptly as possible. Lord Roberts at
present has the advantage of being nearer
his base than the Boers are to theirs,
but this advantage will be reduced as his
forces progress and it Is important that
bodies of the enemy should not hover on
his right flank."
Commenting upon Lord Salisbury's re
ply to Lord Teynham's question regard
ins the assertion that Great Britain was
bound by a secret treaty with Germany
which would secure some measure of in
dependence for the Boers the Times says:
"There would be no precedent for any
Interference unless the Boers were
crushed, even if anybody felt bold enough
or strong enough to try to rob the victors
under unctuous pretexts of humanity and
mercy to the vanquished. Nobody we
Imagine does feel strong or bold enough
to try who Is at the same time hostile
enough to England to wish to try."
The Times then proceeds to argue that
the British navy was stronger than ¦at
present, adding:
"This war has given an Immense ex
perience, which will tend to make Great
Britain stronger than ever before in a>
military 6ense, while the Indian troops
and the colonists have evidenced their
loyalty In a time of adversity which gives
additional strength. What Germany has
achieved in the Reichsland we shall ac
complish in the Boer republics. It is not
enough for us to conquer the Boers. We
shall not rest satisfied until they are loyal
and patriotic British citizens." \
.. • ? . ' -' ¦. : '
CONGRESSIONAL INQUIRY
INTO MACRUM'S CHARGES
WASHINGTON, 'Feb. 22.—Representa
tive Wheelock of Kentucky to-day intro
duced a resolution instructing the Com
mittee on Foreign Affairs to investigate
the truth or falsity df the charges made
by Charles E. Macrum. late Consul of the
United States at Pretoria, that his official
or personal" mall was opened/ read, 1 aup-
A Day With Mud Hens.
Not a day with the mud hens of the
marshes, but a day with the mud-hen
speculators In mining stocks. A most en
tertaining character study of this unique
claaa will appear In next Sunday's Call.
The article Is cleverly Illustrated with
halftones and pen and ink sketches.
Continued from First Page.
pressed or detained by the censor of the
British Government at' Durban or that a
telegram sent by him, to the Department
Of 'State was delayed by a British censor
for several weeks. The committee by the
provisions of the resolution shall also as
certain whether the British authorities
are acquainted with the secret cipher or
code used by the State Department In
order. that the committee may properly
carry out these instructions, it is author
ized to send for persons and papers and
to administer oath to witnesses examined.
' The resolution was referred to the Com
mi tee on Rules.
m . ¦' ¦
FOOD AND FORAGE
SENT TO KIMBERLEY
LONDON, Feb. 23. 1:30 a. m.— The "War
Office has Issued the following from Lord
Roberts:
"PAARDEBERG, Feb. 22.— Methuen re
ports from Kimberley that supplies of
food and forage are being pushed on as
fast as possible. ' There will be enough
coal, to start the De Beers mines In ten
days. By this means great misery will
be alleviated. Hospital arrangements
there reported perfect. He hopes Prleska
and the adjoining country will soon be
settled."
At the same time the War Office an
nounced that nothing further would be
issued to-night.
MAREUIL PRAISES THE
ORGANIZATION OF BOERS
PARIS, "Feb. 22.— A letter from Colonel
de Vlllebois Mareull, General Joubert's
chief of staff, to whom the Boer victory
at Colenso is mainly attributed by the
DULY CELEBRATED
AT HOME AND ABROAD
Americans In All Sections of the
Globe Do Not Forget Wash
ington's Birthday.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23.— Washington's
birthday was appropriately . celebrated
here to-day. The executive departments
were closed, as were also many, business
houses. Patriotic exercises under the
auspices of the. .Sons of the Revolution
were held at the National Theater, and
the fifth, annual celebration of the Na
tional Society of the Children of the
American Revolution was held at the Co
lumbia Theater. At ' the National there
was a large and representative audience,
including the President and Secretary
Hay. . The address of the occasion was
delivered by Senator Depew.
NEW YORK. Feb. 22.— Two hundred
members of the Southern Society of New
York/ were present to-night at the four
teenth annual banquet given at the Wal
dorf-Astoria. President Polk proposed
a toast to the memory of George Wash
ington, which was drunk standing. Three
rousing cheers were given. The first
speaker of the evening wan Minister Ju
taro Komura, who responded to the toast,
"Japan, Her Progressive and Warlike
People, are Our Neighbors in the New
West and Our Friends Always and Every
where." John Ford, secretary of the Asi
atic Society, spoke on "The City of New
York." He was followed by John Bar
rett, who spoke on "The New South."
CHICAGO. Feb. 22.— At .the clubhouse
of the Union League the annual Washing-
that those who attended the convention
would depart with praises upon their lips
for the hospitality they had received and
that the nominee of the convention would
be the victor at the polls in November.
The vote on fixing the date of the con
vention was as follows: In favor of July
4, 27; June 14, 21 votes; May 9, 1 vote.
Gorman Carried the Day.
A speech which had a great deal of in
fluence in fixing the date was made by ex-
Senator Gorman. He said that four years
ago it might have been well to have the
convention early, as the party then took
a new position, one which drove many of
the leaders out of the pary or Into tem
porary retirement. The organization then
went into new hands, into the hands of
able men, but many of whom had not beffn
active in control of party affairs. It took
them some time to organize.' Now there
was a good organization. The party was
ready and equipped to enter upon the
campaign. The party in power should be
allowed to hold its convention first and
the indictment of that party could be
made as it has been in times past.
Mr. McLean of Ohio also favored the
latter date.
The committee decided the District of
Columbia contest for national committee
man in favor of James L. Noyes. A sub
committee was named to audit the ac
counts of the committee. Chairman Jones
was authorized to appoint a sub-commit
tee of seven to make arrangements for
the convention. It is probable that Messrs.
Stone of Missouri and Jbhnson of Kansas
will be members of this committee. The
National Committee issued the following
call:
Call of the Committee.
The National Democratic Committee, having
met in the city of "Waahinjrton on the 22d day
of . February, 1900, has appointed Wednesday,
the fourth day of .July, as the time and chosen
,the city of Kansas City. Mo., as the place for
holding the national Democratic convention;
Each State is entitled to representation therein
equal to double the number of its Senators and
Representatives In '¦" Congress of the United
States and each Territory. Alaska, Indian Ter
ritory and the District of Columbia shall hayjj
six delegates. AIJ "Democratic conservative rf
form cKliens.of the United .States, Irrespec
tive ofpast IKjlltlcal associations and differ
ences, who can unite with, us In, the effort fdr
pure, economical .and constitutional govern
ment and who ' favor the .republic and oppose
the empire, are cordially/ Invited to Join us In
eending delegates to;he convention.-"/
The committee at 6:30 p.- m. ' adjourned
to meet at Kansas City, Mo., July 3.
Joy at Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY, * Feb. 23.-Genuine satis
faction was expressed on all sides this
afternoon on receipt of the news that the
National Democratic Convention is to be
held here. Kansas Cityans, Irrespective
of party, have for months past worked
diligently to secure the convention, and
now that their efforts have proven suc
cessful have already begun seriously to
plan to entertain their guests.
Telegrams by the score are coming in
to the hotels engaging accommodations.
These were fewer than would have been
expected from the fact that the managers
of the leading hotels were with the Kan
sas City delegation in Washington, and
numerous engagements for quarters were
doubtless made with them. As early as
ten days ago suites were engaged at the
leading hotels conditional on the conven
tion coming to Kansas City.
It Is a Great Hall.
Convention Hall, where the National
Democratic Convention will be held In
June, is Bltuated at Thirteenth and Cen
tral streets, four blocks from • the retail
district of the city. It has been classed
by travelers as one of the largest and
most perfectly constructed auditoriums in
existence. The building was erected at a
cost of $225,000, which was raised entirtly
by public subscriptions. It occupies a
piece of ground 314 by 200 feet in extent,
Is two stories high and Is built of native
stone, cream brick and terra cotta. Tht
first story is Renaissance style of archi
tecture, and the second story Is in peri
style form, with groups and columns. The
building Is of bridge construction, without
a column, the roof being supported by
great steel girders that span Its 200 feet
of breadth. Its general seating arrange
ment is modeled somewhat on the plan of
the Metropolitan Opera-house, New York.
The floor space is divided into arena,
arena balcony, balcony and roof garden,
.boxes skirting the arena and the arena
balcony. The stage Is Bltuated ln-the cen
: ter of the arena. The total seating ca
. paclty is nearly 20,000, and. with standing
k ropm the building Is capable of holding
more than 22,000 people. The arena alone
seats 4000. To each side of the arena and
I under the first balcony are numerous com
mittee rooms, which have their separate,
street entrances. The building has no
stairways, the upper ' seatlngs being
reached by means of inclined planes. Sep
arate exits are used for the balconies and
' roof garden, and it is estimated that the
' hall can be emptied at the rate of 5000 per
'minute. Convention Hall has, since its
dedication a year ago to-day, housed some
of the largest audiences that ever gath
; erad under roof In this country. IU
' acoustic properties have received especial
praise. - ?'.
KANSAS CITY'S NEW CONVENTION HALL.
WHERE THE DEMOCRATIC NATIONAL CONVENTION WILL BE HELD,
HONOLL'LU, Feb. 15.— Black plague has
broken out at both Kahului. on Maui, and
Hilo, on Hawaii. The latest advices re
port Beven cases. at Kahulul and one
Hilo. */~ *¦'<•:;> '-n
The news of the plague waa received
here on the afternoon of the 10th, coming
by Eteamer Kaual from Lahalna, that
four sudden deaths had occurred at Kah
ului within a week. The letter was from
Sheriff Baldwin and was sent by Horse
from Wailuku to catch the steamer at
Lahsina. The Sheriff stated in it that he
had registered specimens taken from the
body of one of the patients for bacteriol
ogical examination by the board.
About an hour later the postofflce au
thorities telephoned that there was a-reg
istered package in the office fom-Lahaina.
It was immediately sent for and was
found to be the glands from the body of
a plague victim. The very first "smears"
developed the bacilli In unmistakable
form. The President of the Board of
Health left the same night for Kahului
to make a personal investigation. He
found that seven Chinese had died with
the plague, the bodies afterward being
cremated.
The conditions In Chinatown of Kahului
were found to be worse than In Honolulu.
It was Immediately apparent that the
only remedy was fire, and this has been
applied.
A census showed a little tinder 200 peo
ple. There had been nearly 300 In the
Mock. As far as possible all those who
have left have been located and will be
*ent back. Of the seven deaths, five
bodies were buried. They will be dug up
and cremated.
Lahaina and Hsna had both established
quarantines against other portions of
Maui. Lahaina had established the Hono
lulu system of house-to-houso inspection,
end Dr. Wood had advised all of the com
munities to follow the same example.
An unfortunate feature of the case is
the proximity to Kahului of several large
jilantatlons. "with thousands of laborers
uron them. In sight of the town are vast
estates of the Hawaiian Commercial.
Tula Sugar Company. Kihel, Hamakua
j.oko mill and the Wailuku Sugar Com
j.sny. The Board of Health realizes the
of the disease petting a foot
hold at these point*, and Dr. Wood will
take- extraordinary precautions to prevent
tuch.
Disinfectants Plentiful.
Maui 1s fortunate Just now in having
n bountiful supply of disinfectants. All
the plantations are equipped. By the last
vrspel, the Claudine, 1300 pounds of sul
phuric acid were shipped to Kahului for
the Hawaiian Commercial Company. This
invaluable material at this juncture was
probably still on the wharf at Kahului on
Saturday. Georpe Hons. a prominent at
torney at Wailuku, Maui, was sent to this
<ity to make a verbal report on health
affairs. In an interview he said that he
¦was- certain that there was no infection
«n Maui outside of Kahului and stated
thrit the plapue there was confined to a
very small space in the town. "All of
the cases that have occurred as well as
? very case that we mipht now be inclined
to think was suspicious came from the
Ftores that are now in strict quarantine."
faid Mr. Hons. "I do not think the dis
ease is likely now to spread beyond that
Faction. There have been no reports of
sickness that can be called dangerous
from any other part' of the island. It is
true that there have been rumors from
other places, but they had no other foun
dation than a number of cases of fever."
•which are not of a serious kind.
"The shipment of Chinese poods for the
new year is thought to have been the
means by which the plague reached us.
Some stuff that has been at Kahului for
two months was opened at New Year's
time and then began the suspicious ill—
ness. Not a case has occurred that has
rot been traced to contact with these
poods in some way."
The Maui authorities think they have
hit upon the cause of infection. They
r«-late that over two months ago a ship
ment of poods arrived from China via
Honolulu to be used on Chinese New
Year. These boxes were tiot opened until
on or about January 31. It is related that
most if not all of the people affected
*ithor ate or came in contact with this
particular shipment of poods.
Before leaving Dr. Wood looked upon
this theory as most Important as it may
unravel the mystery of the introduction
<>f the plague into Honolulu. It is most
lfkrly that the plapue was brought here
in the same shipment of merchandise
from the Orient.
The information that the plague had
broken out at Hilo reached here on the
13th. The case was that of a Portuguese
¦woman, the wife of A. G. Serrao. Glands
from the bofly were pent to this city. Dr.
Hoffman began an examination at once.
Temporary slides were made for the
microscope. Dr. Hoffman. Dr. Wood and
1 »r. Carmichael agreed that the specimen
contained the bacilli of the plague or
something very closely resembling it.
"I consider the case one of plague." raid
Dr. Wnnd. "In connection with the symp
toms of the patient prior to death I think
Jt is pronounced. Yes, the bacilli are very
.-ipparent in the slides made by Dr. Hoff
man."
Accompanying the specimens submitted
•was c. letter from Dr. W. L. Moore giving
the history of the case.
Consular Agent Furneaux is at present
unable to give clean bills of health to ves
?=<is departing from Hilo. After consulta
tion' with local physicians he find 3 it
necessary to qualify the documents with
the statement that there has been one
death under very suspicious circum
f-'tances. This will probably necessitate
quarantine at foreign ports.
Dr«. Wood and Carmichael and United
Ctatef Consul General Hay wood have gon<*
to Hilo and will stop at Kahului on their
return. Mr. Haywood goes to look after
EUgar shipments.
Disease in Merchandise.
The Board of Health has adopted the
following resolution:
"Whereas. There is reason to believe
that bubonic plague was Introduced into
Democrats Decile to Meet at the Gate Citu" of tlie
• : West on Julu 4 and Nominate Their .
Standard. Bearers for 1900. •
PLAGUE SPREADS TO
THE ISLAND OF MAUI
Honolulu Considered Free From
the Disease, but a Few Cases
Have Appeared at Hilo.
HONOLULU. Feb. 15.— The health situation in this city to-day is better ,
than it has been at any time since the outbreak of the plague. Not a case '
has developed in ten days. The members of the Board of Health are conn
dent that the trouble is about over, as far as Honolulu Is concerned, but vig
ilance will not be relaxed; certain districts will be keptJn quarantine and the. .
work of cleaning the city will.be kept up. The health of Chinese and Jap
anese in the detention camps Is good, and there Is apparently no danger from
this source. Several plague patients, now In the pesthouse, are Improving. ,
Among them Is J. H. Hartxnan, a white man. Up to February 6, the date of
the last case, there have been fifty deaths from plagilo in this city.
Honolulu -in merchandise from • China or
Japan; therefore, be it
"Resolved, That pending further inves
tigation Into the .matter the landing of
any merchandise from countries where
bubonic plague exists into any ports, of
the Hawaiian Islands Is prohibited."
Dr. Wood agreed with the resolution
pending further investigation. There \ca«
no question that plague was carried
to Kahului in freight, and not by persons;
the same applied here. The plague un
doubtedly came to Honolulu in freight.
The president agreed that the resolution
should be passed.
The first vessel to have her freight re
fused a landing was the British steamer
Strathgyle of the San Diego line.; She ar
rived on the 13th, with 323 immigrants and
about seventy tons of freight. The pas
sengers were landed and the vessel pro
ceeded on her way.
Saturday, the 17th, has been Bet apart
for "rat killing" day. Citizens will be pro
vided» with poison secreted in paste in a
small bowl, on a piece of wood, in place
of meat, as first suggested. Small blocks
of wood will be used. The bowl in tho
tops of these blocks will be quite small
and the -quantity of paste enough for a
few rats only. It will take 30,000 of these
blocks to fill the bill.
At noon on the 12th Minister Mott-Smith
issued an order recalling the military from
Kalihi camp. As soon as possible the
companies will be mustered out of active
service. Extra guards supplied by Mar
shal Brown will in future take care of af
fairs at the camp.
On the 12th inst. it was reported that
Armstrong Smith, the manager of the
pesthouse. had contracted the plague. The
report, however, turned out to be untrue.
Smith contracted a fever, but is in no
danger. He will soon be on his feet again.
The merchants have subscribed $5000 for
Smith as a reward for his good work dur
ing the past two months.
Homes for Sufferers.
The Council of State has appropriated
an additional $10,000 for the completion of
camps for the Japanese and Chinese who
lost their homes In the recent large fire
in Chinatown. " :?"
The necessity of providing accommoda
tions temporarily for the people released
from quarantine has repeatedly been
urged by the papers. Now the community
is face to face with the contingency. The
finding of a half starved Chinaman in the
street yesterday was the forerunner of
what is in sight.
Arrangements have been made at Kalihl
to take the 400 people left at the kerosene
camp. It Is then proposed to thoroughly
clean the latter and open It to the home
less. Nearly 1000 souls can be provided for
comfortably there. With Honuakaha, the
drill shed and the new camp on Vineyard
6treet, about 3000 people can be housed
until they can shift for themselves.
It is stated that the laboring classes of
Chinese and Japanese are without funds.
and some provision in the matter of food
will probably have to be made for then*.
The Government expects to receive in
structions by the next mall In regard to
the Legislature. The importance of an
early session was laid before President
McKinley some time ago. Will he direct
that the session be held at the regular
constitutional time, or be postponed until
the enabling act has been passed? There
is an impression In the Cabinet that the
former will be the case.
legislative Problem.
Just how the Legislature would be as
sembled it a conundrum: Of the out-of
town members only two. Senator Nor
throp and Representative Achl of Hawaii,
are here. _ . ,-'»
The opinion of the Attdrney General in
regard to appropriations really makes the
Eituation serious, though not so bad as it
will be after March 31, when the appro
priations under the loan act will run out.
At present even the Customs Bureau,
Board of Health, Department of Educa
tion, Public Works Bureau and Postofflce
hardly know where they stand In several
important particulars. The Police | De
partment Is no better off. In the mean
time, or until March 1, Minister Damon
will advance his personal funds to carry
cut the work in the Postofflce and Cus
toms Bureau, relying on the Legislature
to reimburse him.
When the doctors try to finally make up
their minds about how the plague got into
Honolulu they will encounter some
strange contradictions In the evidence. It
is the general opinion that rats brought
the pest here, or at least that it came in
freipht from the Orient and was scattered
by the rodente. Much of the evidence to
be collected about the freight and the rats
is against this theory .-
All along the water front it is the uni
versal testimony that rats have disap
peared. Many n*ere found dead. At the
Pacific Mail wharf they were seen almost
in swarms up to a couple of months ago.
Now there arc none, but not a case of
plapue has occurred among the people
who worked on the wharf and handled the
freight in which the rats were.
William W. Dimond, son of the late
General Dimond of San Francisco, was
married on the 10th lnst. to Miss Anna
Emma Berndt.
- »
ARRIVAL OF THE
AMERICA MARU
The steamer America Maru arrived
from the Orient late last evening.
The Maru brought fifty-two cabin pas
sengers, three European and 107 Chinese
and Japanese steerage passengers. Health
prevailed during the trip and the cabin
passengers were all landed last night at
the Pacific Mail dock. The vessel Itself
went to Angel Island, where it will re
main until to-day. On the voyage nothing
of any moment occurred.
The America Maru sailed from Hong
kong on January 27, and Honolulu was
reached on February 16. The vessel re
mained about twelve hours at the plague
port and started for this city. At Hono
lulu the passengers taken aboard were:
John Marsden. R. Moss. C. L. Ramsey,
M. Brasch. Mrs. M. Holden, J. Bostus,
Mrs. R. Moss. Mrs. C. L. Ramsey, Mrs.
M. Stafford. F. W. Alston, Mrs. C. L.
Desky. Charles Desky. Miss Deskv, Mrs.
S. W. Col'lbeck, Mrs. J. Marsden, Miss 55.
Moss. D. P. Jenkins. J. L. Spitzer, S. W.
Coldbeck. Miss L. Grau. Miss Duisenberg,
Mrs. E. M. Baird, H. C. Perry and wife,
Mies R. Perry.
Among the passengers were J. L. Spit
zer and M. Brasch. two merchants of Hon
olulu, who state that for eleven days be
fore they left there werelno new cases of
plague, and It was the general opinion
that the dread disease had been effectu
ally stamped out. A suspicious case had
developed in Hilo. that of a Portuguese
woman, but it was thought that it was
only a case of blood poisoning on super
ficial examination. The doctors, however,
had not diagnosed the case before the
steamer left.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1900.
AGUINALDO MAY HAVE
ESCAPED FROM LUZON
Three of the Filipino Junta De=
• part for Japan to Meet
Their Leader.
NEW YORK, Feb. 22.— A special from Hongkong, British China, to the
Evening World says: ¦;•"¦
United States Consul Wildman has Information that three members of
the Filipino junta, Luzon, Ponce and Agoncillo, brother of the British en
voy, recently left for Japan to meet Agulnaldo. This gives credence to
the story that Aguinaldo escaped from the island of Luzon to Formosa
when hunted by General Lawton's expedition through the northern part of
the island.
MRS. PAIGE DIES
II SOCIAL OUTCAST
?
Widow of a Wealthy Los
Angeles Man.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Feb. 22.— Mrs. C. A. Paige,
who was buried here to-day as an out
cast) was formerly the wife of C. A.
Paige, a wealthy resident of Los Angeles.
He died a number of years ago, leaving
what is eald to have been a large estate.
A shoe dealer In Los Angeles named J.
Mesmer was appointed administrator.
Mrs. Paige and her four children _ went to
San Francisco, where she had acquaint
ances. Subsequently she left her chil
dren there, seemingly abandoning them.
She is said to have come north with a
gambler, who left her after helping her
run> through what money she received
from the Los Angeles estate.
She gradually sank lower and lower
into depravity, finally allowing a bar
tender to fill the place in her affections
that the gambler had quitted. For a
number of months she made a living by
box rustling and singing in concert halls
attached to saloons. Her brother, Joseph
Maloney, lives at Kern, Cal. He was
notified of her death, but Bent word that
he was too poor to bury her. She was
buried by her" depraved associates, the
funeral being conducted by the Rev.
Father Hylebos, who permitted the body
to be buried In unconsecrated ground in
the Catholic Cemetery. Her oldest child,
Beatrice, aged 13, works for her board at
SlO Filbert street, Oakland. One eon
lives elsewhere in Oakland, another In
San Francisco, while the youngest child
is cared for at the Sisters' Home at Ana
heim.
Since Mrs. Paige's death a pitiful letter
has been received from her daughter
Beatrice, who wrote that her little
brother John had practically no clothes
to wear. She thought her mother should
send them money. Mrs. Paige did not al
low her California acquaintances to know
what Bhe was doing here. She was a
handsome woman, 35 years old. Dissipa
tion Is given as the cause of death.
ton day banquet of the club was held with
more than usual success. The annual cel
ebration of the anniversary of the birth
or George Washington is the chief event
2> f lh l yea T of the Union League Club.
President Eugene Carey of the club called*
the three hundred members and guests to
order, and Introduced Dr. Jacob G. Schur
man, president of Cornell University, who
had delivered tne address of the after
noon in the Auditorium. Dr. Schurman
replied to the toast, "The Orator of the
pay. Murray F. Smith of Vicksburg.
Miss., responded to the toast. "The Old
T,\ &e l Lieutenant Governor Timothy L.
Woodruff of New York spoke on "The
East and the West." Other speakers of
the evening were W. H. L. Barnes of San
Francisco, who took the theme. "Greater
America." John M. Zane. who spoke on
"Lafayette." and Rev. McCaughen, whose
subject was "Great In War."
PHILADELPHIA, Feb. 22,-The exer
cises attending the dedication of the new
law school of the University of Pennsyl
vania were continued to-day at the Acad
emy of Music in conjunction with the
regular Washington's birthday ceremo
nies. The principal guest of honor and
orator for the day was Wu Ting Fan?,
the Chinese Minister, who was on the
programme to deliver an address on "The
Proper Relations of the United States to
the Orient."
LONDON, Feb. 23.— A dispatch to th»
Daily Mall from Sydney. N. S. W.. says:
The British warships dressed with bunt
ing to-day (Thursday) in honor of Wash
ington's birthday, which was gratifying
to the American colony.
BERLIN. Feb. 22.-The United States
Embassy and the consulate were closei
to-day for business and were gayly deco
rated with American flags in "honor of
Washington's birthday. Embassador
White and Mrs. White kept open house
for Americans in Berlin from 3 to « p. m.
The rooms were filled.
ROME, Feb. 22.— A brilliant reception
was given at the United States Embassy
to-day to celebrate Washington's birth
day. It was attended by many members
of the American colony and by members
of the diplomatic corps.
VIENNA. Feb. 22.— Washington's birth
day was celebrated at the United Statf-3
legation by a reception, which was at
tended by many Americans in Vienna, as
well as by members of the diplomatic
corps.
PARIS. Feb. 22.— The American Univer
sity Dinner Club gave a banquet this
evenlnig in honor of Washington's birth
day at the Hotel Continental, which
brought together many members of the
American colony and a goodly number of
invited guests from French official circles.
The hall was decorated with American
and French flags, and this elicited fre
quent references by the speakers to the
happy condition of friendship now exist
ing between the two republics. United
States Erabassador Porter presided and
made a happy speech.
HAVANA, Feb. 22.— Washington's birth
day was celebrated in Havana by tha
closing of the Government offices, but
apart from the usual display of flags the
only building decorated was the univer
sity.
SAN JUAN, Porto Rico. Feb. tt—
¦Washington's birthday was ooserved gen
erally throughout the island. The stores
were closed and at the theater in the
afternoon patriotic addresses were deliv
ered by Governor General Davis and
Bishops Blenk and "Whipple to an audi
ence of about 3000 persons. There was
also a chorus of school children number
ing 1000 boys and girls, accompanied by a
military band.
LIMA. Peru, Feb. 22.— 1n honor of
Washington's birthday the stars and
stripes floated to-day above the Ameri
can legation and consulate and over many
stores and residences. '
Will Have a New Ticket.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARYSVTLLB. Feb. tt.— Dissatisfied
with the fusion practices of the Demo
cratic and Republican leaders In selecting
a ticket for the municipal election to be
held March 19, a mass meefn? of citi
zens w&s celd In the City Hall last night
for the ourpose of Inaugurating nn inde
pendent movement. A committee of seven
was appointed to canvats the situation
and recure candidates for a third ticker.
Their report will be received to-morrow
nixht. A candidate was necured to-day to
oppose Mayor Brooka. the Incumbent.
fffflfffttgßliinlw •• ¦ BTfJifftfl ?£j a.
purple, garnet, cadet and
navy, in solid colors and with white dots.
Also a splendid assortment of fancy
striped hose at the same price,
A a oaip.
Out-of-town orders filled— write for illustrated catalogue No. 2.
' f wniIBHpaBwWBJ|BBBEBSBWBBI^B
718 Market St.
Disorders of Men Cured.
A Bank Deposit Guarantee.
AS A GUARANTEE DR. MEYERS & CO. ", WILL LET THE PATIENT
deposit the price of a cure In any bank in San Francisco, to be paid after he
is entirely well. If It is not convenient to do this, payments may be made in
monthly installments. It requires confidence backed by ability to make such
an offer. No other doctors will undertake a cure on these conditions.
No Incurable Cases Taken at Any Price. No Injurious Medicines Used.
NOCHARGE /iß^^^^tir^^x FREE
MEDICINES f^^l^ffl'l-.GK'j AND ADVICE 1
APPLIANCES. Gk^^^^^P^^^ OR BY MAIL. §
DR. MEYERS & CO. have long been recognized as the most successful j
v specialists for men in America. Every member of the staff has made a long |
~ and careful . study of weakness and diseases of the male sex, and the reme-
dies, methods and appliances which cure them. gf
If you can not call, write for private book, fllagnosis sheets, free advice, y
prices and other particulars. Home cures a specialty. B
DR. MEYERS & GO.
Ma rlrPt StrfiPt ELEVATOR Hours-8 to S daily. I
/O I lUdllitst l l » FNTRANrP Sundays-Qtoll. |
.. SAN FRANCISCO. ; e.«IKA«CE. ETenln g ? _ 7 tO B.V |
2was evidenced by the applause that
greeted the report, when Hepburn arose
and asked for its consideration on March
6. While temporary objection has been
made, the leaders -realize that the people
of the Pacific Coast are demanding this
legislation, and that If It were not for the
Republican victories in the extreme West-
em States In the elections of 1593 the
House would be Democratic. Mr. Hep
burn has assured me that the Committee
on Rules will report a rule for the con
sideration of the bill at a very early date.
Several of the members have told me
that they are determined to force the pas
sage of this bill, but that they are op-
I posed to such a canal as la contemplated
Iby the Hay-Pauncefote treaty. They be
lieve it should be built, owned, operated
and fortified by the United States, and
that to maintain a neutral canal In time
of war would give our Government none
of these advantages which the building
of a canal Is expected to confer upon us.
The members from the Mississippi Valley
and those from the Gulf States, to far as
I have been able to learn, are practically
unanimous In support of the measure. I
feel satisfied, from expressions that I
have heard, that the bill will become a
law during tho present session of Con
gress."
owned and operated by the United States
Government.
REPRESENTATIVE WATERS said:
"It is Impossible to state at this time
what will be done with the canal bill, but
the indications all point to an early con
sideration and the adoption of the report
of the committee substantially as made.
From all that I am able to learn I see
no reason why the bill will not pass the
House and that, too, by a substantial ma
jority. Unless the Hay-Pauncefote treaty
with England should raise discussion
which might develop partisan opposition
the bill is likely to receive the support
of the Democratic side of the House as
well as the full indorsement of the Re
publicans. lam convinced that we should
go ahead with the discussion and passago
of the bill, treaty or no treaty. Thus far
it has not developed anything near the
opposition which other great undertakings
of a similar character have been obliged
to meet, such as the Suez canal and the
great ship canai at Chicago, and from the
present outlook it does not seem likely
to meet with as many obstacles as they
encountered. I feel confident the bill will
pass."
REPRESENTATIVE K.AHN eald:
"From what several of the members have
told me I should Judge that the passage
of the Nicaragua canal bill Is assured.
It seems to me to be one of the most
popular measures before the House. This
NOTABLE SPEECHES
HEARD IN THE HOUSE
Debate on the Porto Rican Tariff Bill
Presents an Opportunity for the
Orators.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 22.-The debate on
the Porto Rican tariff bill brought out
several notable speeches in the House to
day, Including one by Representative
Grosvenor of Ohio, who answered a num
ber of questions as to the attitude o£ the
President; another by Representative Mc-
Call of Massachusetts, the Republican
member of the Ways and Means Commit
tee, who dissented from the majority re
port, and Representative Moody, another
Massachusetts Republican, who sharply
criticised the position of his colleague
McClellan of New York and Brantley of
Georgia also spoke against the bill, and
Parker of New Jersey in support of It
The debate was continued at a night ses
sion.
HOSTILE CHINESE FORCES
ROUTED BY BRITISH
RANGOON (British Burmah) Feb. 22.
A British Official named Hertz, attached
to the Boundary Commission, while tour-
Ing on the Burmah-Chlnese frontier with
an escort, has engaged and routed two
considerable forces of hostile Chinese
from Mirkawg Pa, killing the leader of
the Chinamen and seventy of his men
The -woodchopper has been
busily at work in the sacred
groves of the University of
California. The cutting of
Berkeley's trees has created a
sensation. Read the protests
of those against and the de
fense of those for the destruc
tion of the university's groves;
then form your own opinion
as to the right or wrong of the
matter. This article will ap
pear in next Sunday's Call and
will be profusely illustrated
by photographs taken on the
grounds.
The presidential election is
fast approaching — you will
find the photographs of the
convention buildings, publish
ed in next Sunday's Call, of
great^ntercst.
EPIDEMIC OF MURDER
IN YOKOHAMA, JAPAN
Native Runs Amuck, Killing Four
High Priests Worshiping at the
Shrine of Miogi.
YOKOHAMA, Japan, Feb. 7.— Since the
execution of the American murderer Mil
ler an epidemic of multiple murder seems
to have broken out among the Japanese.
The infusion of Malay blood in the natives
has given evidence of itself in a disposi
tion to run amuck. Last week a mad
man, snatching a sword from a police
box, entered the famous shrine at Miogi
and slew the chief priest with three of his
attendants. On the alarm being given the
crowd that 'came to the rescue was
fiercely attacked, and not until three other
victims had fallen before the murderer's
sword was he finally dispatched.
On Sunday evening last Yokohama was
the scene of a brutal murder, the result
of a family quarrel. Crazed by fancied
cruel treatment, one of the members slew
the entire household, consisting of the
murderer's nephew, the wife and daugh
ter of the latter and a boy servant. The
criminal then repaired to the police sta
tion and gave himself up.
SOLDIERS LEAVE THE
CAPITOL OF KENTUCKY
Adjutant General Collier Has Re
lieved All Who Desired to Return
to Their Homes.
FRANKFORT. Ky., Feb. 22.— The State
Capitol to-night Is guarded by fewer sol
diers than It has been at any time slnco
the assassination of the late Governor
Goebel. Adjutant General Collier to-day,
acting under directions Jrom Governor
Taylor, summoned all soldiers before him
and told them that such of them as did
not desire to remain in the service longer
might return to their homes. About 150
went home, leaving probably 100 still here.
The weather during the greater part of
the time the soldiers have been here has
been of the most trying character, but the
percentage of Illness has not been large.
The Legislature was not in session, hav
ing adjourned on account of Washington's
birthday, and it is doubtful if either
house will have a working attendance to
morrow.
DEWEY AT WHEELING.
Citizens Render Enthusiastic Greet
ing to the Admiral.
WHEELING, XV. Va., Feb. 22.— "Wheel-
Ing's ovation to Admiral Dewey was.en
thusiastic, although rain had been falling
almost «ontinuously since yesterday, mak
ing it necessary to abandon the parade.
Speaking and other exercises took place
in a large hall. Tho sword subscribed for
by the citizens of Wheeling was presented
to Lieutenant Doddridge by • Admiral
Dewey. and the orations incident to the
dedication of the tablets at the scene of
Fort Henry were delivered. To-night Ad
miral Dewey was banqueted by the Sons
of the Revolution. : -
Reichsrath's New Ministers.
VIENNA. Feb. 22.— The new Ministers
made their first appearance In the Lower
Relchsrath to-day. The Premier, Dr. Yon
Koerber. expressed the hope that the re
lations between the Representatives and
the Government would prove beneficial to
the advancement of legislation. The
Premier waa cordially received; •
BE ATHLETIC,
BE STRONG !
Her Condition Improved.
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 22.— The condi
tion of Princess Cantacuzene. daughter of
OoneraJ Frederick Dent Grant of the
T'nited States army, who has been seri
ously ill with pneumonia., is Improving
to-day.
DUNLAP'S WOUND
PROVES FATAL
Two More Highwaymen
Under Arrest.
TOMBSTONE. Ariz., Feb. 22.— John Dun
lap, alias "Three-Fingered Jack." who
was wounded In the attempt to rob the
New Mexico and Arizona train at Fair
bank on the evening of the 15th inst., died
this morning in the County Hospital as a
rc-sult of his wounds.
Two Important arrests have been made
cf men charged with the hold-up 4f the
Southern Pacific train at Cochise station
last summer. One of the men is Burt Al
* ord. a constable and deputy sheriff of
this county living at Willcox, and the
other Is Bob Dcwnin?. formerly detective
for the stock association and. residing at
IV-arce. in this county.
Th* 1 Owen brothers, who were arrested
for the Fairbank robbery, it is supposed
pave the information that led to the tr
rest of Alvord and Downing.
VALUABLE ADVICE
TO FRUIT RAISERS
Another Day of Lectures
at Stanford.
Epeclal Dispatch to Th* Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb. 22.—
"With all but the fruit-growers and those
who are working In their interest to-day
has been a holiday at Stanford. With
them it waa a day of earnest endeavor
and of practical value. Every one of the
lecturers had ideas which cannot help
but be of value to the horticulturist in
some phase of his work.
Judge S. F. LJeb of San Jose was the
first lecturer of the day, speaking upon
"The Preparation and Marketing of Cured
Fruits." He covered in detail the work
of the fruit-grower, drawing his illustra
tions from prune growing. In this regard
he said that the tree should never be
shaken. To insure cleanliness he advised
the frequent change of the lye solution.
Edward Berwick of Monterey next
spoke upon "The Nicaragua Canal."
"Every mile that you are farther from
the market than your competitor," he
said, "Is a mile to your disadvantage. If
you start In a race SOOO miles behind your
strongest rival you bid fair to be badly
worsted. The Argentine farmer has this
advantage over us here in California If
we ship our goods by water to England.
"Our competitors in wheat raising are
quite naturally the farmers of the Ar
gentine republic. Though they now pro
duce two million tons of wheat annually
this Is but one-sixth of their capacity.
Without the canal they are SOOO miles
closer to the world's market than we are."
Dr. Edward A. Ross opened the after
noon session with a lecture upon "The
Laws of Transportation." This subject
has long been his hobby and he entered
into a discussion of the fundamental
principles with a zest. He traced the
growth of transportation from its earli
est grades to the present day, showing
that technical superiority comes only
with the density of traffic.
Professor J. H. Comstock closed the
lectures with a talk on scale insects
—New York Herald.
OUR DOG IN THE MANGER POLICY.
PRIZES AWARDED
AT CLOVERDALE
Unusually Large Crowd
at Citrus Fair.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CLOVERDALE. Feb. 22.— Interest in the
fair is steadily increasing, and the fact
that the names of the prize winners would
be announced drew "an unusually large
crowd to the pavilion to-day.
The winning exhibitors are: Citrus
fruits— First gondola, Becond Olympla,
third pagoda. Orange exhibit— First
sleigh, second old oaken bucket, third bal
loon. Most artistic display of lemons,
broken wagon. Best display of olives, Dr.
Coomes: olive oil, J. A. Klelser; best
navel oranges, John Turner; best Mediter
ranean sweets, John Turner: best Malta
bloods, H. J. Crocker; Jappa, G. Hag
meyer; Japanese oranges, J. C. Hollo way;
Villa Franca lemons, H. Hubbard; Lisbon
lemons, H. Hubbard; Sicily lemons, H. J.
Crocker; nuts, J. C. Holloway; dried
fruits, H. H. McKoon; pomelos. Dr. Mar
kell.
The committee also made special men
tion of the following exhibits as deserving
commentary for careful and artistic ar
rangement: Dewey arch, sun baskec,
Bunker Hill monument and Preston ex
hibit.
The committee on awards consisted of
John B. Bavls of Santa Rosa (chairman;,
M. Doane of San Francisco and Frank H.
Richardson of Oakland. The decisions of
the judges were highly commended.
GROWING SENTIMENT IN CONGRESS IN FAVOR OF OPEN CANAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1900.
CANAL BILL SURE TO
PASS THIS SESSION
Opinions of Representatives From
the Pacific Coast. ¦
Importance of the Measure, It Is Thought,
Will Overcome Ohjectlon Due to the
Hau-Pauncefote Treats.
Epecial Dispatch to The Call.
PALL, HEADQUARTERS. WELL
INGTON HOTEL. WASHING
TON, Feb. 22.-In spite of the fact
I that the leaders of the Republican
V^r party In both the House arid
Senate agree that the present pes
flon of Congress shall end before the date
eet for the Republican convention at
Philadelphia, the prospects for the Nica
ragua canal legislation are excellent- It
Is recognized that there Is much work
still to be done before the date of ad
journment can be, even approximately,
fixed, but there is an evident disposition
In both houses to waste no more ' time.
Tha lower house is having night sessions
on the Porto Rlcan bill and it was an
nounced in the Senate to-day that the
Alaskan bill will be debated at night ses
sions In that body.
REPRESENTATIVE LOCT> eald: "I
favor the passage of the Nicaragua^ bill
at this session aad I see no reason why
there Bhould not be time for Its considera
tion. The House can limit the debate on
any bill when the members of the ma
jority are ready to vote and there is
therefore no opportunity for a possible
campaign or filibustering against the bill.
I believe that Chairman Cannon will not
oppose the Nicaraguan bill after the ap
propriation bills are out of the way and
as the representative from the Pacific
Coast I believe the bill should pass. I
will co-operate in expediting all other
legislation so that there will be ample
time for consideration."
REPRESENTATIVE DE VRIES said:
"The only apparent Impediment to the
passage of the Nicaragua canal bill at
this session Is the present status of the
Hay-Pauncefote treaty. The strong sen
timent of the country that this should be
purely an American enterprise, under ab
solute control of the United States in
times of r>eare as well as In war. is re-
fleeted In Congress, exciting opposition to
the construction of the canal in the pres
ence of the recent treaty stipulations. The
paramount importance of the waterway
has been so much emphasized by recent
events a"Vid possibilities of future trade
that opposition upon account of the prob
able expense Involved has almost. If not
entirely, disappeared. This Is one of the
favorable Indications of an early under
taking of the project and measures to an
extent the rapidly Increasing demand for
the passage of the bill. In my Judgment
these temporary objections will soon be
overcome and the close of the present ses
sion of Congress will have witnessed the
consummation of the great project."
REPRESENTATIVE NEEDHAM. who
has been confined to his home for the past
week on account of illness, said that while
his enforced absence from the House
made It impossible for him to speak ac
curately of the present status of the bill,
h© believed that there vat a strong ma
jority in favor of the canal bill and that it
would become a law at this session.
JUDGE BARHAM said: "I have talked
with Chairman Hepburn, who Is in charge
of the bill. He told me that the Commit
tee on Rules will bring In a special rule
fixing March 6 as the aate for considera
tion and that he (Hepburn) was now as
certaining from members of the Inter
state Commerce Committee, which re
ported the bill, how much time was de
sired by them for debate. The matter has
been bo thoroughly discussed by news
papers and at conventions all over the
country that he believes comparatively
little time will be asked for debating the
bill. Apparently the bill will pass the
House with very few votes against it and
unless the recent Hay-Pauncefote treaty
should hold it up in the Senate it should
be a law before Congress adjourns."
REPRESENTATIVE METCALF said
that while he had not talked with the
members of the Commerce Committee he
has conferred with many members of.
both parties in the House. He thinks that
the bill will certainly pass during the
present session. He is heartily In favor
cf building the canal provided It is built,
LOOK TO YOUR NERVES!
Th<s caus« of
most of your
fj-_\ fains and mis-
/ C/Tj p rt es i» Weak
V *-*! ~ HUDTAN cor-
\ *^7"D rects the evil.
1 If you take
J V- HCDYAV. you
-**"^ N^ will rapidly
fa a 7\ rrain itrcngth
/ / *f * \ and nerve
ft \ force, for
I \ \ \ HUDTAN cre-
j \ - / V 1 FU "- HUDTAN
/ It O / / jf cures headaches
J jj r^erly SoS oro r dlrriness
/ !Qr^t^23w<-r*% "* tongue
/ «JT3k'*B^*t-?->-:x: or a ff c n s 1 ye
I f£&*V<:l&~sf l breath (Fls. 6).
/ ltfs*gPiZit?&''st paln» In sboul-
/ S/358»Jfc«* ««* <*"**• *>.
1 r - i 'iii ii r oppressed feel-
NIVUVIAnJ Ing In chest
Jr ? (Fig. 4). mdl
V (iitlon or
\ bloating o f
\ stomach (Fig.
\ J). torpid liver
\ (Fig. 1). and
\ cons tipation,
\ \ rhaky knees,
\ \ want of confl-
t r- dence. lack of
I O energy. "Jl-
\ rone or tired
\ feellnjr. physl-
\ cal or mental
\ ¦weakness.
I \ HUDTAN
i \ makes one feel
I I that life Is
\V^J worth living,
for It Insures
a regular dlscharre of every bodily function,
which means health. HUDTAN exerts a
toothing influence, which soon manifests Itself
Sn & rapid sain of nerve-quiet and strength.
Get HUDYAN from your drurrist, 60c a pack-
ece; six packages for J2 50. If your druggist
does not keep It, eend direct to
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Cor. Stockton, Ellis and Market Sts.,
6AN FRANCISCO, CAL.
t CONSULT T CoflBult free the
FREE. I Hudyan Doctors. Call
? for write to them.
Tg&s&gJmf ilUl 1 UllJj
I^o®^ PTTDPTI
\0\ x uUjIIjUi
IVJiEx we ray • KfPTURE, CUUED" w«
raean .t. for it in a fact that thousands of core*
fcave been accomplished hy Dr. Pierce* World-
renownetJ EXBCTBIO TUVBS Curing the p**t
twenty-five years. There Is BOthlng eitie Ilka It
en earth! H doea the work! Have received «o
IT ia3jr J,l r7 *.n<l. n<1 te *timon!als that we hardlr
k Hfi w *}° do wUh them kU - « ruptured ln-
vrctlsrate =t cace. Our prices ara reasoaable.
but not cheep TVe make no discounts. "Dr.
pierce-* is THE truss, end you caaaot b*
bsppy till you ret U.
You can f et our •'BOOKLET No. I" for notb-
lr»r by cnlline at the office, or tt will be nent to
ZSufiiSr^! v telli •»
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
CM Market etreet. SAN FRANCISCO. '
U Tribune bulldirc, NEW YORK. • '
I ,1 k There is the story all in j
I "^y tft IP^ the P icture: a stylish single
$&\ ill j £?lil or double breasted suit for
I have worn the suit, you are ||
1 disappointed in it, bring it in, make your complaint; there are two Ij
I things waiting for you— your money returned or any repairing you J
1 wish. Need we say more of the value of these suits? J
I'm- Mothers will find upon visiting this department that it is full of values for boys of all M
1 ages; occasionally we offer "a very extreme value such as the following, if you wish to pay a very M
\ • nominal sum for a suit: * ;I
v Made of a dark shade of blue flannel, tastefully trimmed with white or red braid in rows |
I and designs, the ages run from 3to 10 years; you will find the suits to your liking, and doubly so 1
i to the boy's; the suit? are •
Qk/-* . 1
KJ V-* each. a
jj Out-of-town orders are a/ways filled. Just write us what you desire and we will answer at once. Get into communica- M
M tion with us and you begin to sava money on your clothes. Ask for our catalogue No. 2. $
J 718 TWarlcet Street. If
K^WrTTr^TTWIWinraiIIBIHIIIMMBWIIBBIIIiIB ||| ¦ ¦¦ ,| ¦ ¦¦¦¦¦n ¦ ¦¦¦¦,
3ADVERTISEMENTS.
Arc they troubled with head-
aches ? Are the lessons hard
for them to learn ? Arc they
pale, listless and indifferent ?
Do they get thin and ail run
down toward spring? If so.
ScoU^&mufeicTL
will do grand things for
them. It keeps up ihe vital-
ity, enriches the blood,
strengthens mind and body
The buoyancy and activity
o( youth return.
SCOTT* EOWNE.Cbearm. N:»T>t*.
If the British were a slangy people they would feel
now like saying, "The Boers are it." They might
also add that the English army in Natal is "up
Willie Stout, a Texas youth of 21, weighs 712
pounds and is still a-growing. Strange as it may
seem he does not claim relationship to Governor
Hogg.
Somebody has said that environment is the cri
terion of taste. Horse »ausages are delicacies in
Ladysmithl
CLUB WOMEN ENTERTAIN.
Quite the most delightful club affair of
the season was the "gentlemen's night"
of the Forum Club last evening at Sher
man & Clay's Hall. Several hundred peo
ple were the guests of the lady members
of the popular club, and enjoyed to the
full the excellent evening's entertainment
they provided.
After an interesting programme the hall
was cleared and the guests of the evening
greeted the ladles who proved such de
lightful hostesses and partook with them
of an elaborate supper.
The musical part of the programme was
of a high order of excellence and was In
the hands of Slgnor Cadenasso and Mme.
de Seminario. .George Hammersmith had
a fifteen minutes' interview with the au
dience, who persisted in demanding more
and more of -the clever amateur's songs,
recitations and imitations.
The tableau portion of the entertain
ment was a picturesque feature. Ray
mond Dean read scenes ¦ from the "Mer
chant of Venice," "Romeo and Juliet "
"Twelfth Night" and "The Winter's
Tale." and .while he read the curtain was
parted and the tableau appropriate to the
lines was disclosed to view. About 300
guests enjoyed the hospitality of the Fo
rum Club.
The Sketch Club and Association of Al
lied Arts will hold an exhibition of the
arts of the Far East .at 1308 California
street to-day and to-morrow, between the
hours of 11 and 5 In the afternoon, and
from 8 till 10 in the evening.
BLUE CLOTH COSTUME.
This tailor-made costume Is of blue
cloth; the collar and lapels are faced with
black velvet, with edges of the cloth
showing. The Jacket opens down the
front between zigzag indentations, orna
mented with bands of cloth on the cross.
The apron is very narrow, and is in the
same style as the Jacket. The skirt has
two large flat pleats down the back.
A Pessimist's Answer.
"Bay, pa. what is pessimism T'
"My son it Is one of the results or mat-
rimony and milliners* bills. Now don't
Ipring^^azeT^ 8 « ue «^"-Colorado
TRACK GAMBLING AND POOLROOMS.
rROM the tone of the proceedings before the
Police Committee of th« Board of Supervisors
on Wednesday it appears the people of San
Francisco wiil have to prepare for another contest
against the gamblers of the racetrack and the pool
rooms. Ir seems clear the committee will not recom
mend the passage of an ordinance forbidding pool
telling and making it unlawful for persons to fre
quent places where pools are sold, and it is even
probable an attempt wili be made to permit the re
opening of Ir.gleside racetrack for unlimited racing
£nd track gambling.
In Qi-cussing the proposition to grant a license for
the reoperar.g of Ingleside track Attorney Dorn, who
appeared for the men who desire to resume racing
there, made the curious argument that the silence of
the press on the subject should be accepted as a tacit
consent to the project. The attorney has evidently
forgotten that the press of the city was well nigh
unanimous in making the fight against track gam
bling when public indignation started the crusade
that resulted in closing the downtown poolrooms and
£uppress:r.£ the evil at Ingleside racetrack. It is safe to
say that an equal agreement will be found among the
influential papers of the city to-day should a per
sistent effort be made by the gamblers to revive the
i.^ue.
The press of San Francisco has had to record too
nuinj follies and crimes resulting from track gam
bling to be indifferent upon the subject. In the for
mer controversy on the issue the press recalled to
public attention the fearful array of defalcations,
breaches of trust, thefts, robberies, divorces, assaults,
rr.urders and suicides caused by track gamblers either
£t Ingleside or at the downtown poolrooms, and it
v ill do so again if necessary. Certainly The Call will
not be stient on this issue, which so vitally affects the
welfare of the community, . nor indeed will the
churches and other organizations charged with the
refponfibility of promoting and sustaining public
morality.
Attorney Drum, who appeared for the proprietors
of the downtown poolrooms, stated that his clients
rre willing to pay a license for the privilege of run
ring the business. Such willingness is not surprising.
The profits of the trade are large. It is worth
s<-n:ctl!:ng to be permitted to keep open gam
h!:r!g rooms in this city and to spread the
enticements of betting before men and boys
snd even women. It is only a few days ago
that a pn:ire raid upon a suspected illicit poolroom
resulted in the discovery of twenty-seven women m
the room at the moment the police entered. More
over, they were well dressed women, representing the
average society of the city, and yet they were there
gambling away the earnings that are needed in their
The Supervisors are well aware that Attorney Dorn
and Attorney Drum were speaking for their clients
and not for the public— for a fee, and not for morality.
It is therefore surprising that after listening to the
specious arguments of these men in favor of pool
rooms and track gambling the committee should have
agreed to permit the two attorneys to prepare ordi
nances to be submitted to them at their next meet
ir.g. By what authority are the gamblers or their
lawyers clothed with the privilege of drafting laws
for San Francisco?
The forces which won the fight for morality in the
first instance must rally for the new contest. The
crnrr.Wers cbim that silence gives consent to their
fchemrs. Therefore the press, the pulpit and the
civic orgnrirntinns must speak out promptly and
fpeak resolutely against the wrong.
The worthy members of the House of Representa
tives appear to have discovered at last th« qualifica
tion necessary to entitle one to a pension. Anybody
who smelt gunpowder during the war is fit for the
eligible list.
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
It is not strange the lie should be passed over in
the Fair trial without a ruffle, for there has been so
much and such gross perjury in the affair that a lie
hardly counts even as a breach of etiquette.
I house Into silence during the entire first
act. It is a remarkable fact that not a
hand-clap was flushed until after the firs:
curtain. Later on the audience made up
tot Its introductory coolness by encoring
all the familiar ditties, without regard to
how they were rendered.
Miss Van Dresser— who I think more
and more should be seen and not heard—
sang the time-cheapened "O Promise Me "
the spurious gem of the opera, with no
style and a bad voice. She was encored.
The 'Tailor Song" was mangled by Mr
Dunsmure. and he was encored— three
times. The tinkers' chorus waa encored
of course— four times. I think— and the
fact that it met with the greatest success
when given in dumb show indicates how
much the audience cared for the singers'
share In it.
The madrigal la the second act. which is
on© of the best bits in the opera, went ex
ceedingly well, and In a subsequent quar
tet lit Dunsmure retrieved himself by
singing his subordinate muslo with a wel
come, truth and firmness of tone. Rush
worth sings as a schoolboy recites, and
the similarity would be more marked if the
boy's voice were changing. M 133 Cameron
had a wire in her throat and Helen Ber
tram was as sprightly as usual and aa
usual her voice was keen and white.
Barnabee Is funny in spots as the Sher
iff of Xottineham. which Mr. Smith ac
cents diligently on the last syllable, and
Frothingham (also accented on the last
Bvllable. I suppose) Is more than any one
else could be as Friar Tuck. Mac Donald
was not missed from the cast, although
Mr. Hawley, who substituted. Is decidedly
mediocre. He Is better than Mac Donald
however, for he has at least some good
notes in his voice.
# PORTER OARXETT.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
POSTAGE TO ALASKA-H, X.. Oak
land, Cal. The rate of postage to Alaska
Is the same aa to any part of the Unite.l
States.
TWO COrX3— M. M.. City. Dealers
offer half-dollars of 1553 Issued from the
Philadelphia, Ban Francisco and New Or
leans mint 3 for 85 cents, and dimes of
1527 for 25 cents. No premium Is offered
for either. All coins Issued from the pa
rent mint at Philadelphia are without a
mint mark.
THE YUKON MAIL SERVICE.
r~j ROM the Dawson Board of Trade there has
I been forwarded to Washington a memorial in
viting the attention of the Postmaster General
to certain ill effects resulting from existing postoffice
rules and regulations affecting the Yukon service.
One of these is the order that the mails between
Dyea and Dawson shall contain only letters and pos
tal cards, to the exclusion of all other articles. .The
other is the rule that when notice is given of mail mat
ter held for insufficient postage but two weeks' time
is allowed to the notified party to forward the amount
rcauired.
The latter issue is one about which there- can be no
differences of opinion. Two weeks is ample time for
postal remittances anywhere within reach of a rail
way, but it is manifestly absurd to enforce that rule
upon the people of Dawson. As the memorial says:
"Replies to such notice sent to Skaguay from this
place to be replied to require at least four weeks, and
from Seattle six weeks. It will therefore be seen
that this works great hardship and loss." The rea
sonable request is made that postmasters be instructed
to retain mail matter on which insufficient postage
has been paid for at least two months, so as to give
those interested an opportunity to make good the de
ficiency.
The other request is not so self-evidently just, but
nevertheless good reason is given for it. The Cana
dian Development Company has a contract for de
livering 700 pounds of mail each week. For a long
time past, so the memorial states, the average weight
of mail from "the outside" has been less than 350
pounds a week. It thus appears the weight of letters
and postal cards is not sufficient to make up the
amount the contract calls for. That being so, it
would be wise to permit other kinds of mail matter to
be forwarded. At least all on which first class post
age has been paid might be carried to make up the
weekly average of 700 pounds' weight.
The memorialists say: "We are reliably informed
that under the instructions of the department limiting
the carrying to letters only much matter on which
first class postage has been paid has been withheld
and will not be delivered until the approaching sum
mer. This works a great hardship to those depend
ing on the mails for the transportation of documents
and papers absolutely essential to the proper carrying
on of business. Many of us are also subscribers to
periodicals, which are now withheld, although first
class rates have been paid thereon."
The enforcement of the two weeks' rule for replies
to notices of deficient postage upon the people of
Dawson or any part of Alaska is red tape of the
worst kind. It would seem also to be full time for
better arrangements to be made for the whole sys
tem of mail service with the Yukon country. It is no
longer the impenetrable wilderness it was. There are
now good trails from Skaguay over the mountains
and down the river to Dawson and the principal
mining camps, with lodging places convenient for
every part of the journey. Mining in that country
has ceased to be an affair of adventure only. It is
now an established industry, and Dawson has become
a center of no inconsiderable business. It is time,
therefore, the rules made during the rush of 1897
should be abrogated and a better service provided.
As a meeting of the committee charged with pro
moting the establishment of a commercial museum
resulted in an attendance too small to constitute a
quorum, it is evident the enthusiasm in the movement
of some of the members evaporated in talk and left
none for action.
"BUT KEN HE TRINK DER SHOP OUD?"
—New York World.
FORESTS AND FLOODS.
THIS country is still a long way from a proper
system of forestry, which will preserve the tim
ber tracts that have escaped ax and fire and
make their product a permanent source of wealth, di
rectly through proper harvesting for economic use,
and indirectly through the effect of permanent forest
upon climate and moisture. It is cheering, however,
that a start toward such a system is being made by
collecting the physical facts which demonstrate its
necessity. There has been much opposition to for
estry because to the uninformed it has seemed to be
an organized opposition to the use of timber and an
attempt to preserve the forests for scenic purposes, or
for purely sentimental reasons. Knowledge to cor
rect this is being gradually spread abroad and lum
bermen are learning that they may so treat timber
tracts as to make their crop permanent, to be har
vested from time to time, with reproduction uninter
rupted. In this way they are beginning to see their
business may be permanent and the land kept amply
covered with forest as a protection of moisture and to
conserve the flow of streams.
The Agricultural Department is about to enter
upon an investigation of the relation of forest to the
run-off of watercourses. The Division of Forestry
has chosen for that purpose the watershed of the
Mohave River, in this State, which has its water
shed in the San Bernardino Mountains. That water
shed exhibits three distinct characteristics. Part of
it is a brush-covered district, part has been deforested
and made bare and blear by lumbering, and part is
still covered by "primeval forest. The soil is uniform,
and the rainfall over all is practically the same. It
is expected that this investigation will prove that the
flood extreme of a watercourse is in proportion to
the lack of forest covering.
It will be seen that the rainfall on a watershed being
known, and acclivity ascertained, and the run-off of
the stream measured, the effect of vegetable covering
of the soil upon the flow of the water to the channel
of the stream is demonstrated. When one watershed
has been investigated, the data secured is ready for
Whisky has been elevated, it seems, to the dignity
of a statutory defense for crime in Hanford. A citi
zen of that interesting town who did his best to send
? fellow to his long account has been held guilty of a
* : .rr,p]e a«au!t because he proved that he was full of
In the investigation relative to the transport
Tanauense only one fact seems to stand unchallenged,
"vrrybody is sure that the ship did not blow up or
ink: everything else is a mattrr of speculation.
The work to be begun on the watershed of the
Mohave will also supply data relating to the amount
of water that falls upon the watershed and what be
comes of it. When the area of every watershed in the
Tom Sharkey rcems to be going into society. At
any mte he gave a ladies' day recently at his Phila
delphia training quarters and presided at a luncheon
ex which two hundred fair visitors sat down.
State is known, and the run-off through streams is
measured, we may get at the volume of storm water
that may be stored and can then estimate the duty it
can do on lands that need irrigation.
For these reasons the work of the Agricultural De-
application to like areas and conditions. The infor
mation to be obtained has a variety of useful applica
tions. It illuminates the subject of forest preservation
and is instructive in the steps toward a proper ad
ministration of forest land. It exposes also the waste
of water that follows the destruction of forests, raus
ing the streams to become muddy torrents, carrying
away the water and the fertile surface of the soil nt
the same time. When the forest cover is maintained
the rainfall is conserved and delivered slowly to the
drainage channels, and these do not alternate between
excessive floods and entire dryness. When the rain
fall runs off by reason of excessive saturation of the
forest soil it appears in the streams as storm water,
carrying with it but little silt, because the vegetable
cover protects the soil surface from wash, and such
water may he stored for irrigation and to reinforce
the normal flow of the stream in the dry season.
DE KOVEN' S OPERA
STILL ENJOYABLE
,It !» not Improbable that the encyclo
pedias a century hence will contain tho
name of Reginald de Koven, composer of
"Robin Hood," though such a distinction
will hardly be accorded to Harry B.
Smith, the book-maker, nor to Victor
Herbert. Jinglesmith. De Koven has cer
tainly succeeded in producing one epoch
making opera, and whether, as it la al
leged, he bought his tunes from im
pecunious musicians or not. It really makes
no difference to any one but the record-
Ing angel.
He may be a plagiarist and deserving of
appropriate condemnation, but he has all
the credit for "Robin Hood," and that Is
a grreat deal in Itself. Herbert is perhan*
nay. is a better musician than De Koven'
but it Is with them as with some noti"
One may have the sounder foundatlo-i
but without the knack for versification,
another the ability to turn off graceful
rhyme? without a truly poetic faculty
There are poets who cannot write DOtf-v
and there are musicians who cannotwrite
music. Victor Herbert is one of thN>ni
De Koven. however, la a pleasing poet
aster In music, with an occasional Tiint in
the orchestra at something better, and
when he undertook the ideal comic oporn
theme of Robin Hood and his merry men
he did not disgrace It, as many another
mipht have done.
The Bostoniar.3 drew a big house
Wednesday night-no, I am wrong-Do
Koven drew the bouse and his music got
the applause. The singers (save the mark)
displayed an Inefficiency that froze the
Professor — Do you know, mademoiselle
why Napoleon I detested the English bo
much?
Fair Candidate (wearily)— Because they
killed him—Exchange. 7
The Fastest Train Across the Con-
tinent.
Th« California Limited. Santa Ps Route.
Connecting trains leave at 5 p. ta. Monday.
¦Wednesday. Friday and Saturday. Finest
equipped train and best track of any l«a S to
the East. Ticket office. CS Market strwt.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays pain, cures Wind Colic, regu-
lates the Bowels aad Is the best remsfiy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by druggists la er«ry
part of the world. Be sure aad ask for Mrs.
V/lnslow's Soothing Syrup, 25c a. bottls.
Personally Conducted Excursions
In improved wl<J«-vest!buled Pullman tourist
sleeping cars vi*. Santa F« route. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany these excur-
sions to look after the welfar* of passengers
To Chicago and Kansas City every Sunday'
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto overy Wednesday. To St. Lculs
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday and
Friday. Ticket office. SIS Market strest.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 513 Mont-
*-omery street. Telephone Main UMS. •
PROTESTS AGAINST TARIFF CHANGES
A GRATIFYING feature of the contest against
the proposed reciprocity treaties is the part
taken in it by certain important manufacturing
associations in the East. It appeared for a time as if
California would have no other aid in defending her
industries than that given by the beet sugar producing
States, but now there is a prospect that all who be
lieve in the principle of protection will unite in
opposing the ill devised reciprocity arrangements.
A large manufacturing company of New York has
protested against the treaties on the ground that "the
I-recedent which would be established by their con
firmation would be a standing menace to all manufac
turing industries." The protest further declares:
"By making tariff rates a matter of bargain between
countries such a feeling of uncertainty and insecurity
would be aroused that no conservative' manufacturer
would dare invest capital in enterprises which might
be ruined by reciprocity treaties."
Representatives of Philadelphia manufacturers as
sert that if the treaty with France be carried out "the
harm that would be inflicted on many industries, but
especially upon the manufacturing of braids and trim
mings, would be far-reaching." From firms engaged
in the jewelry industry in New England there has
been sent to the Senators from that section a protest
declaring that a ratification of the French treaty
would be disastrous to the 50,000 people who are now
dependent for support upon that industry; they there
fore appeal to those Senators to use their utmost en
deavors to have the treaty rejected.
It is clear the manufacturers of the East begin to
see the full' extent of the danger ahead. Their inter
ests will suffer as well as those of the people of Cali
fornia, and, moreover, they perceive that if we once
set about breaking down the protection given to
American industry by the tariff, there is no telling
where the process will stop. After a reciprocity treaty
with France there will be demanded one with Ger
many, with Italy and with Russia. The whole sys
tem will be. disordered, and the industries' of the
country thrown into confusion. This is one of the
cases where it is best to let well enough alone! Let
us not tinker with a tariff that is satisfactory as it
stands. :v .
Townsend's, now opened at «39. Palaca. •
Ie« cream at Townsend's, 733 Market at.*
Treat your Eastern friends to Town-
send's California g-laee fruits. We lb., in
fire etched boxes. 639 Palace rfotel bldi. •
CALIFOENIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Feb. 22.— L. E. Holden and
J. G. Thurber of San Francisco are at the
Empire; Louis Morley of Los Angeles is
at the Manhattan.
FIGHTING BOB
APPEARS AS A
FIGUREHEAD
He Adorns the Ship
General Roberts.
WAS INJURED IN A HURRICANE
General Roberts, commander In chief of
the British forces in South Africa, has
visited nearly every port of any size on
the face of the globe as the figurehead of
the British ship General Roberts, which
arrived from Newcastle, N. 3. W., last
Wednesday. When the vessel was ready
for launching the warrior's famous march
to Kandahar was the one topic of conver
sation in England, so a figurehead of the
general as he then appeared was put on
the ship and she was christened "Gen
eral Roberta."
Since that time the figurehead has been
In all kinds of weather, and had Its name
sake been there the famous general would
have come to the conclusion that the bat
tles with the elements were sometimes as
hard as encounters with the Afghans and
Boers. When the General Rooerts left
England two years ago the figurehead was
beautiful in its new coat ot paint. The
ship came here and after discharging went
to Puget Sound and loaded lumber for
Cape Town. On arriving there the war
had Just begun, and the General Roberts
cleared for Australia in ballast. On the
way a terrific storm was encountered and
both the general's arms were washed off.
From Australia the General Roberts came
here and the figurehead is still minus the
arms. The vessel loads here for Liver
pool, and on her arrival there the General
will be rehabilitated. Should he have de
feated the Boers by that time the owners
of the vessel will probably put on a new
figurehead showing the hero of the South
African campaign without his side whisk
ers. .
Captain T. C. Fearon. master of the
General Roberts, Is a great admirer of the
"Pocket Wellington and arder" (a half),
and has the following lines of Kipling's
engrossed and framed and hung In such
a position In the cabin that he can see It
every time he leaves his room:
There's a little red-faced man,
Which Is Bobs.
Rides the tallest 'orsa "c can—
Our Bobs.
If It bucks or kicks or rears,
'E can alt for twenty years.
With a smile round both 'is ears-
Can' t yer, Bobs?
Then 'ere's to Bobs Bahadur-
Little Bobs. Bobs, Boba!
'E'p our pukka Kandahader—
Fighting Bobs, Boba. Boba!
'E's the Dook of Agzy Chel;
'£'8 the man that done u% well.
An' we'll follow 'Im to "ell —
?-.--- Won't we, Bobs?
If a limber's slipped a tract,
'Ook. on Bcba.
If a marker's lost 'la dace.
Dress by Bobs.
For 'c's eyes all ud 'Is caat.
And you will not play the coat
Under Bobs.
Earn Farenze, a hostler on the steamer
Victorious, was nearly kicked to death by
a mule yesterday. He got within range
and the animal hit him full In the face
At the Harbor Hospital Dr. Davis patched
up a lacerated wound of the scalp, sewed
up his lower lip. fixed up a fractured Jaw
and picked a few teeth out of his throat
and generally made him somewhat pre
sentable again. Farenze will not sail on
the Victorious for Fiji next week.
W. J. McMann of 614 Howard street was
treated for a fractured Jaw by Dr. Davis
at the Harbor Hospital yesterday. Mc-
Mann says he was stood up by footpads
near his residence and nearly beaten to
death. The doctors at the hospital are of
the opinion that McMann was in a saloon
row and there got his beating.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
H. D. Campbell, a mine owner of Kes
wlck, and D. B. Lyman, a banker of Reno,
are at the Palace.
F. A. Roblson, F. A. Dean and E. X.
Utley of Plttsburg, Pa., who have been
touring this State with their wives, are
registered at the Palace.
Paul B. Gayland, an Insurance man of
Denver, Colo., Is a recent arrival at the
Palace.
C. H. Schlveley, a banker of Orovllle, Is
a guest at the Grand.
J. J. Cunningham of Vallejo, Joseph
Goldman and James Garibaldi, merchants
or Merced, are among the late arrivals at
the Grand.
Everett I. Woodman of Sacramento is
at the California.
James Marlahan, a mining man of Fort
Jones, Sisklyou County, is located at the
Russ.
L. E. Juston and D. W. Carmichael,
merchants, respectively, of Portland, Or.,
and Sacramento, are staying at the Lick.
W. M. Spencer of Selma, owner of large
oil Interests, and W. G. Fitzgerald, a
Jamestown mining man, will be at the
Lick for a few days.
COLONIAL TARIFFS.
THE "Examiner is greatly excited over the propo
sition to put a tariff barrier between American la
bor and tropical cheap wages. It is worth whileto
note the history of the Examiner as an expansionist.
It first announced the doctrine that Congress was not
bound by the constitution in making a form of gov
ernment for the tropical islands, but could rule tthem
as it pleased. Next it demanded that we hold Porto
Rico and "nail the flag to the Philippines."
Now it is appalled because Republicans propose to
govern these islands according to its theory and is
frantic for free trade between them and the United
States. This is understood to be the Democratic pro
gramme, which changes with every month.
If this programme of the Examiner be carried out
and the Republican plan for governing the various
places to which the Examiner desired the flag to be
nailed is defeated it means the displacement of Amer
ican labor by cheap tropical and coolie slave labor.
We welcome the issue. The Call opposed the vari
ous flag-nailing propositions and it now opposes the
Democratic sequence which reopens the coolie labor
question and inflicts damage irreparable upon Ameri
can labor.
We insist that the Republican doctrine of protec
tion shall be maintained. .The party has never been
unmindful of the interests of American labor. Since
its organization the wage schedule and the standard
of life for that labor have risen and advanced steadily
and uniformly. We desire no assault upon that con
dition of things and propose to defend the American
system against all comers.
The plan of the Examiner and its party not only
opens all our ports to the free influx of the products of
cheap labor, but brings the coolie slave here, bodily,
to take from American labor the little bread that will
be left after the products are displaced. The risk is
great, the crisis imminent, the call to duty is plain and
unmistakable. The rights of American labor are chal
lenged by the Examiner and we stand for them, now
and always.
The chief objection to free trade with Porto Rico
is the Democratic intention to use it as a precedent
and an entering wedge to influence a like policy for
the Philippines. We know of no profit that can arise
from such a policy that will offset the degradation of
American wage-earners. If the flag-nailing organ
know of any it would better cease its appeals to
prejudice and its purulent partisanship, and say what
that offset is.
The Republican party should take immediate warn
ing. It should refuse to swerve a hair's breadth from
the policy that has caused its return to power after
the reverses of iSoo and 1592.
Above all, it should refuse to accept the advice or
follow the policy of an enemy that is willing that Re
publicanism and the welfare of American labor shall
be whelmed in a common ruin for the sake of making
Mr. Bryan President, and turning the country over
to Tillman and Altgeld. All Republicans, no matter
what their views on expansion, must see the need of
standing together against the success of a policy
which proposes to raise the gates and let in upon our
kbor a flood of coolie slave labor or its products.
The theory of non-constitutional government of our
new possessions is strictly Democratic. It was orig
inated to influence the country in favor of expansion.
Let its authors be compelled to abide by it, especially
when the American wage scale is at stake and the
American standard of life is threatened.
THE SANFEASCISOO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1900.
partment will be watched with interest. Mr. Gifford
Pinchot, the devoted and expert forester in charge of
the forestry division of that department, has long
noted the facilities furnished by California for such a
demonstration as is proposed, and it is confidently
expected that he will derive an object lessoa of the
greatest interest and value.
FRIDAY FEBRUARY 23, 1900
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
J'IULKATIO.V OFFICE.. Market and Third. S. F.
Teleßk*ae Mala lf«S.
EDITORIAL R00M5.... 217 to 231 BtCTcaaoa 84.
Telephone Main 1874.
Delivered by Carrier*. 15 Cfntu Per Week.
Hnelr Copies, S Cents.
- Term* by Mall, Inolndlnc Pontniret
DAILY CALL (lnoln.llnr Sunaay), one year. .SO.Ort
DAILY CALL (inclndtaar Snndar), « month*. . ."..on
DAILY CALL <lnclu'dln«r SnnJ.yi, 3 months. . l.O«>
DAILY CALL — By Mnele Month C3o
fcIMJAV CALL One Year 1.50
WK&KLT CALL One Year 1.00
All postmaster* are authorized to recelre
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be (urnarael waea reqaeited
OAIiLAXD OFKICE 111S Broadrray
C. GEORGE: KROO.VESS,
Man&arer F*rel**n Advertising. Mar«n«tte Bnlla
lB«r, Chloaaro.
ICEW YORK COHRESPOJTOKJfTi
C. a CAULTO.t Herald Square
CHICAGO JfEWJ STANDS i
fiherman lioosei P. O. >ewi Co.i Great North
ern Hotel; Kremont Iloase; Auditorium Hotel.
JtEW YORK NEWS STANDS •
U'aldarf-Aitorta Uotelt A. Brentano, 31 Union
f-umart-i ilurrmr 11111 Hotel.
STEW YORK HEWIESE\TATITEi
PCJIUY UKUMs JR 2» Trlbnno UolMlna
WASUISCTOX (D. C.) OFFICE. . Wellington notel
J. P. ESGUSH. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery, corner of i
Clay, open until B*3O o'clock. 300 Hayes. '
ojij-o until O::i<: o'clock. «>;::? McAllister, open '
until :•::;.» o'clock. U1.% Larkln. open until )
BtSO o'clock. ll«l SlloOon. open t:ntll 1O !
o'clock. 2~61 Market, corner Sixteenth, open. I
until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open nntll !> '
oVlocK. H«i Elerenth, open until U o'clock. j
XW. corner Trrenty-second and Kcmuoky, j
oj»eti until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orr heum— Vau (Jevlile.
Tivo!!— "The l*of» Er«-"
Grand O»era-houso— "Ala<sdia Jr."
Co:urrib:a— "Tbe Serenade."
California— •¦ Who 1» Who?"
Alhainbra— JefTrJes-Sha-key Coctast Picture*.
Alcazar— "The Profiifial Father."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternooa and
•venire.
Olympia, corner cf Uucn and Eddy »tre*te — Spedaltiea.
¦\Vestfrn Turf o¦ill0 ¦ill litlOM — Races to-day.
¦xHe placed each grand officer on his allot
ted throne and gained applause by the
brevity of hla speeches. Many inquiries
were made for Max Popper, which elicited
the Information that he wan in the south
ern part of the State helping the Hon.
Stephen M. Whte to bear the burdens of
the Democratic party.
IROQUOIS BRAVES FEAST.
The Iroquois Club gave its sixteenth an
nual banquet last night at the Occidental
Hotel as a fitting conclusion to the con
vention during the day. The feast, like
those of the past, was a success in every
detail, and 200 guests, Including the dele
gates from Interior counties, were delight
fully entertained with an elaborate menu.
When the black coffee was distributed,
the speech-making began with an address
of welcome by William McMann, who
of Independence and especially to that funda
mental principle "That governments derive
their Just powers from the consent of the gov
erned." We believe this doctrine to be as cor
rect in principle to-day as it was one hundred
and twenty-flve years ago, when penned by
Jefferson, and to establish and maintain which
the signers of the Declaration of Independence
pledged "their lives, their fortunes and their
sacred honor." We believe this principle— the
right to govern themselves in their own way
should continue to apply, not alone to the peo
ple of the United States, but to the people of
every land all over the world who have the
courage and manhood to battle for human lib
erty.
Resolved, That to deny to the ten million
people who reside In the Philippine Islands
the right to establish and maintain Buch a
government as to them seems best suited for
their own protection and future advancement,
or to attempt to establish and maintain by force
and military usurpation a government in these
islands against the will of the people, is a vio
lation of the fundamental principles upon
which our own Government was established
and a dangerous menace to the principles of
human liberty, not only here, but throughout
the world.
Resolved, That wo heartily condemn the at
titude assumed by the administration In its
proposed agreement with other nations relative
to the Nicaragua canal, by which this country
surrenders many advantages that should be
ours from the bulldinr of such canal. The
United States proposes to construct said canal
at a coat of millions of dollars and then retain
no control over it, allowing. In time of war,
the warships of an enemy the same rights and
privilege* In and upon the canal as enjoyed
by ourselves. We condemn this action in sur
rendering to England and other countries privi
leges which they have no right to ask ami
which may be granted to our own ultimate
undoing, and are therefore unalterably opposed
to -the Hay-Pauncefote treaty.
ReßOlved, That as all governments derive their
just powers from the consent of the governed
w» are unalterably opposed to imperialism in
all forms and to any permanent form of gov
ernment for the newly acquired possessions of
the United Btateß which will' have the effect
of transferring the governing .power of such
possessions from the. inhabitants thereof to the
Government at Washington: and we are fur
ther opposed to any discrimination in the way
of tariff charges against those countries, and
believe that so long as they continue a part
of thp territory of the United States their in
habitants should have all the rights and privi
leges accorded by law to the citizens of the
territorial possessions of our country.
Resolved, That we most strenuously oppose
all criminal and oppressive monopolistic com
binations and trusts whoso tendency is to de
stroy competition and foster combination by
raising the • price of all articles consumed by
the people and reducing the price of all com
modities produced by the people, and that we
favor such legislation as will effectively de
stroy all such oppressive and Illegitimate com
bines.
We condemn the Republican party as being
the creator and protector of trusts and the
enejny of the great common people and believe
that one of the surest ways to consummate the
downfall of the trusts Is to defeat the Repub
lican party, which Is owned and controlled by
the money power, the greatest of all trust*.
Resolved. That we reaffirm and fully lndors*
the national Democratic platform as adopted
at Chicago In 189« in its entirety, and that
we recornlze as a champion of the people in
th<Mr combat against trusts. Imperialism and
the moneyed powers that tried, able and in
trepid leader. William Jennings Bryan, and In
dorse him as the leader of the Democracy in
1S0O. : ¦'-'¦. "¦?'
Resolved, That we express our heartfelt sym
pathy with the two little republics in South
Africa— the Boers of the veldt— who are fight
ins to maintain the right of eelf-government
and the principle* of liberty against such over
whelming odd*. So far they have astonished
the world by the skill, bravery and courage
with which they have not only resisted but
repeatedly defeated their foes, who on most
occasions outnumbered them three to one. We
hope and constantly pray for their continued
Resolutions were also adopted deploring
the assassination of William Goebel of
Kentucky. The resolutions set forth that
the people of California have special rea
sons to ( lament his tragic and untimely
death, for as a State Senator In the Le£-
BRAVES OF THE
IROQUOIS TRIBE
IN CONVENTION
Annual Meeting of the
League.
GRAND OFFICERS ARE CHOSEN
»
CHICAGO PLATFORM OF 1896
AND BRYAN INDORSED.
The Bryan Democrats of California,
through the agency of tho State League
of Iroquois Clubs, opened the political
campaign of the season yesterday at
Pythian Castle. Resolutions were adopt
ed extolling Bryan and indorsing the Chi
cago platform of 1396. There was a good
attendance of braves from the interior.
Among the city delegates there were sev
eral office-holders and many more who
hope to hold office. Of the office-holding
guild Joseph Gorman, secretary of the
Fire Commission^ and Frank Gould,
Building and Loan Commissioner, were
eloquent in their denunciation of trusts
and combinations.
The annual conference was called to
order by Grand Sachem George H. Ca
baniss. During lulls In the storm of ora
tory some business was transacted. For
example, committees on credentials and
resolutions were appointed.
Among the braves from the interior in
attendance were Fred C. Law, J. C. Rud
dock and J. B. Sanford of Mendocino
County; Judge M. Johnson. J. W. Hughes,
E. W. Woodman, Charles T. Hughes,
Lewis Green, Louis Vogel and P. A.
Byrne of Sacramento County; J. D. Bren
nan, Lawrence McGulre, T. E. Murphy
and D. Corrlgan of Contra Costa; George
Roe, Solano; ex-Senator D. A. Ostrom,
Yuba: Judge W. M. Gibson, Santa Clara,
Grand Sachem Cabaniss in calling the
convention to order said that never be
fore had so many momentous questions
affecting the foreign policy of the nation
confronted the people of the United
States. He referred to the Philippine
problem and the Nicaragua canal, the lat
ter the most stupendous enterprise ever
undertaken. Such grave matters called
for careful consideration and a thorough
organization by the Democratic party for
the campaign soon to open.
A committee on resolutions was ap
pointed, consisting of Charles Gildea,
Charles Edelman. Judge Johnson, \V. -M.
Gibson, A. A. Bailey, T. J. Crowley. Hugo
Hornlein, Hull McClaughrey, J, B. San
ford and \V. B. Cannon. Subsequently
the committee reported the. following res
olutions, which were unanimously adopt
ed as the battle-cry of the assembled
braves:
Resolved, by the members of the State Leagua
of Iroquois Clubs, That on thla anniversary
of the birth of George Washington we pro
claim to the world our unalterable adherence
to the principles set forth in the Declaration
MORE REPAIRS TO BE
MADE ON THE MISSOURI
B.EPOBT OF THE OFFICEBS OF
THE BOABD OF STJRVET.
Vessel Has Cost Over Half a Million
and May Cost Another Hun
dred Thousand.
The board of survey which has be«n in
specting the hospital ship Missouri has
made its report. It has found that the
vessel requires "only such repairs as are
to be expected" en a vessel coming in
from a long trip at sea, but these repairs
rr.ay entail an expense close to $100,000
and a delay of frora five to six. weeks.
Despite this report all does not seem
right -with the Missouri. On her trip here
ehe started from Manila with 252 sick. To
care for these there were five surgeons,
seven hospital stewards, fifty privates
cf the hospital corps and ten contract
nurses, a force well abl* to cape for
double the number of patients, but in '
spite of this fact nineteen patients died
on the way over and three more died i
while the ship was in the harbor. Whether ;
this was due to the motion of the vessel ¦
or her cond'.ti'tn has not been proved; it
la certain it was not for lack of care and :
6tt«*ntinn. y»*t the deaths among the men I
who were sent from the Missouri to the !
general hospital at the Presidio have been j
very few.
As to the repairs necessary it is difficult
to see how there should be much to be j
done. The vessel was purchased, presum- ;
ah!y in good condition, a little over a i
year ago. She was first fitted up by the ,
line that owned her and was assigned to !
the use cf the Government free. She was ;
runlng under th<se circumstances for I
three or four months and then the Gov
ernment bought her. She had been well
!:tted up ar.d was considered a first-class j
ship, yet the first thing the Government i
did was to spend $450,000 in refitting her. j
Her purchase price was $250,000. All this
money has been spent upon her within
two years and now there is more coming.
The only probable result of the survey,
however, seems to be- another bill for re
pairs and a reprimand for her captain and
her commanding medical officer for talk-
Ing too much and being too free with
their criticisms. The complaints made
against the vessel were that while she
had been fitted up to make a fine hospi
tal ehe had been so altered as to spoil
her as a sea-going ship.
FIRE UNDERWRITERS
FINISH THEIR WORK
Offloers Elected for the Year and Pro
ceedings Close With the An
nual Banquet.
The Fire Underwriters' Association of
the Pacific concluded its annual delib
erations Wednesday and in the evening
the usual banquet was held. The work of
the day consisted of the consideration of
papers prepared by Herbert Folger, H.
M. Grant. R. C. Medcraft. R. W. Osborn,
F. R. Argall and V. Carus Driffield. In
the afternoon the annual election of offi
cers took place. Frank J. Devlin was cho
sen president, George W. Domln vice
president and Calvert Meade secretary
and treasurer. Retiring President Ed
ward Niles presided at the banquet.
Those present were:
J. H. Ankele, H. C. ADpel. A. A. Andre,
G*orge C. BoanJman. T. D. Boardman, R. O.
Brush, Edwin H. Bacon, H. I. Blanchard.
Henry B*nner Franklin Ban^a. M. A. Ber
theau. Hfnry K. Belden. J. C. Brainard. J. A.
Carey. Kdw. Came, Charts Christensen. W.
F. Chlpman. T. J. Conroy, E. V. Culver,
George A. Crux. Thomas YV. Cushlng, William
J. Dutton, W. B. de Jarnatt. J. H. Oibbern,
Georpe D. Dornin. George W. Dornin, John C.
Dornin. V. C Driffield. Uolxrt H. Delarteld.
Frank J. Devlin. K. M. Davis. U B. Edwards.
C. C. Echlln. J. 'B. Kmmsl Jr.. E. E. Eltel.
W. H. Faust. J. EL Fuster. Roger B. Friend,
Herbert Folcer. J. L. Fuller, R. P. FabJ. C.
Folger, John W. Gunn. George F. Grant. A. U.
Glesy, Benjamin Goodwin, H. M. Grahame,
Paul B. Gaylord. J. W. Go«dwin, Alfred R.
Grim. William Gibbs. John M. Holmes. C. G.
Keifner, Frederick Hohweisner. R. D. Hunter,
Fr»d L. Haven, Jacob Helblng, Captain C.
Gardner Johnson, W. A. Jackson, A. L. Jacobs,
Franz Jacoby, H. R. Jack?nn, William M.
Klinrer. H. B. Keith. C. Mas-on Kinne, S. W.
Lowe. W. H. London, E. J. Louis, Richard ;
Lockey. Leslie H. Lord. J. A. Marcuse, AVilliam
Marls. D. E. Mlle«. A. E. Moody. R. C. Med
craft. J. D. Maxwell. S. P. Mesiek, (ius Mes
singer, C. F. Mullln«. M. H. Merrill, Calvert
Meade. Louis Mcl, Colonel William Macdon
«ld. Edward Nlles. E. T. Niebllng. Paul M.
Nlppert. Robert W. Neal. R. W. Osborn. A. J.
Penfleld, E. S. Purdy. W. Palache, John W.
Richards. Leon Rosenblatt. Georse W. Spen
cer. T. C. Shankland, F. C. Stanifor.d. E. J.
Sexton. Theodore Summerland, E. G. Sprowi,
Georre H. Tyson, J. R. Thompson. Tudor J.
A. Tledemann. George Theobald, A. T. yon
Etlinger, C. E. Vilus. H. G. yon Daeen. N.
B. Whlteley. Ralph Wilbur, W. O. Wayman.
F. O. White. George J. Wellington, George
H. Warfleld, C. G. White. J. C. Winterburn,
J. B. Walden. J. F. Webber.
1 Why Men Are Weak:
I Weakness or loss of vigor is a subject worthy of deep con-
l sideration. The* knowledge that you are not equal to the de-
? mands of nature — that your strength is waning — is a knowledge &!i^ WK
) that should urge you to prompt action; it should force you to fjlfr l^3>.¥ji^l
\ adopt the only scientific means of recovering your strength, your YT^
| vigor. This means is through the daily application of Electricity *k£l^Mr§uP
>• to the weakened parts by use of the *^\^«^|jj;J2?
| DR, SANDEN ELECTRSC BELT. a^ijStt^'.
\ It tones, invigorates and strengthens. Its warming cur-
I rents carry new life into the worn out nerves and make manhood
I complete. trade mark.
Dr.Sanden's book. "Three Classes of Men," should be in the hands of every man not perfect in healthy It
I is free. Send for it or call at the office and examine and test the belt. When purchasing see that the letter "S" is
i perforated upon each cell of the battery, as all others are imitations. Consultation and advice free. Office hour* Q
* to 6; Sundays 10 to i.
? NEVER SOLD lIS DRUG STORES.
I DR. f . A. SANDEN, ? o'farrell street,
\ 9 SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
? II9M SOUTH SPRING STREET. LOS ANQELBS. CAL. RUSSEL BUILDINO. PORTLAND, O*.
presided over the assemblage. After rtat
mg that the Iroquols Club had gathered
to do honor to the illustrious washing
ton, as had been its custom for sixteen
years, Mr. McMann Introduced Patrick
Roland as the toastznaster of the even-
Ing. Mr. Boland then announced the fol
lowing toasts: "Washington," J. J.
Dwyer; "Democracy." Judge Robert Fer
ral; "California." E. J. Randall; "Our
Country," James J. Maguire; "Iroquola
Club," L. P. Byington. A poem was read
by J. C. Ruddock and songa wero ren
dered by Thomas Walsh and I. Bonner.
During the evening Grand Bachein Ca
baniss, on behalf of the club, presented
Past Grand Sachem Byington with a
handsome Jeweled badge, suitably In
scribed, to which tho recipient responded
appropriately.
The banquet committee consisted of the
members of the board of trustees, as fol
lows: Louis Metzger, chairman; Dr. EL
T. Schumate, Charles Edelman, Joseph C.
Gorman. Jeremiah Deasy, W. J. Bryan
and I* V. Merle.
lslature of Kentucky, with great ability
and characteristic force, he opposed and
exposed the schemes of the Southern Pa
cific Railroad of Kentucky, a corporation
organized for the purpose of enabling the
Central and Southern Paclllc railroads of
California to evade their lust obligations
due to the people of this State.
During the afternoon session, between
floods of oratory, other business embrac
ing the election and Installation of offi
cers was transacted. The Inclination for
speech-making was not brought under re
straint until Frank Gould suggested that
the banquet at the Occidental Hotel wouH
open wide the fleld of eloquence. The offi
cers elected were: Grand sachem, George
H. Cabaniss, San Francisco (re-elected):
vice grand sachem, A. A. Bailey. Mar
tinez; grand necretary. Li. J. Welch. San
Francisco; grand treasurer, L.ouis Metzger,
San Francisco; grand organizer, J. C.
Ruddock, Ukiah. Charles Edelman, for
merly of Orange, but now of San Fran
cisco, came to the front beautifully when
tho Installation ceremonies were ordered.
«;© cJp
§* In Next 3£
•ii OOOOOfl^o I § I If l/^i 1/ axjajroOOaiSi
2s «t fcJuiiviLiy o jo jg
°V® ** w S' 0 coo
s a? I nl 3^ ac
S 3? 1 H 3u
2^ Sg V^iV.4ll* February 25. 3S «¥>
§ S California's Senators. ± §g
? % How They Were 3? 5
2o g . Elected. p
3i §o Are the Sacred Grounds °g %
2o of Berkeley to Be gji
i% g Desecrated ? % S
ii |« Where the Presidential §s %
p Candidates Will Be p S
3i 3o Nominated. |& S
§s S ne Bernardines 2g
is §s in tne S ¥
S § Heart of the Pyrenees. |° *
S ¥ Character Sketches of $ S
ii 3£ the "Mud Hens." S 3|
il S ne Suicides in Golden $z ¥
% p Gate Park. g ±
tfe The Home Life of Mrs. SP
§Ho Vow.
Loans to falarlpa men. Xo collateral or ln-
dorser. B. F. Dlocount Agency, 143 Phelan bid. •
THE EMPORIUM. | _ THE EMFOBIxr:B ' L | THE EMPORIUM.
I Extra Special Offerings for To-Day, $
I ¦¦ §1| : . i
Jj 25C Artistic Printed We have se- FeatherStitch Ora/lfeWehavomade :J: J
i Burlaps, To-day 15c curedataveiy a f About Half Price.* & ood , «"¦*• :5: 5
ft r * ** special price 1000 chase of some «J
% yards of plain and artistically printed Burlaps— B of the best 4030 pieces White and Colored Feather-stitched Braids, each jf
X colors in the plain and Heraldic designs, such as the Lion & piece containing 6 yards, a large assortment of patterns, '.x
J Crown, Fleur de Lis, Armour, etc., in the printed — just what . which we offer to-day at about half real value — {E
a,* h wanted for wall and floor coverings, couches, cushions in 2000 pieces White Braid, assorted, at. 4o "<{
•[ summer homes, which, instead of 25c per yard, is offered 1500 pieces White and Colored Braid, assorted, at Go *&
J» for this day only at ISO 500 pieces, White only, assorted, at..~.~. M ....... M 8o 5
•f Upholstery 'Department— tMain Floor. i Bargain Tablts — Main -Aisle. JK
v — 5
I Ilk 1 Stertinff Stiver Novelties isc. i
| I||! Astonishing Bargains for This Day Oniy. : j
* fk/^r^ A special purchase of 864 pieces of 92^-1000 fine Sterling Silver Nov- ;{
$ }%j elties on special sale to-day (Friday) only, and the chances are that j|
» tv^N. the morning shoppers will absorb the lot 4 g2g% '«
% iSj&HP^ at the unheard-of low price, each m%9%* S
% \ iJV-^^'^S^S^^^lP^ Your choice of any article in the lot— But- S
i J^S^^^^m^ ¦ j£* ton Hook 3, Tooth Brushes, Nail Files, Cuticle i{
£ J\SP •; H s^^^^^^^^^^^^ Knives, Corn Knives, Roller Blotters, Stocking S
** jm?jr Darners, Curlers, Paper Cuttera and Shoe Horns — 5
% at fifteen cents each, \
*£ Jeaelry Conniert — I{otunda. \ t
| Boys' Suits $1.90. There are about Good Rolicr fo. i \
* Last two days. 50 left of those Skates for 56c. efft * \fs&± J
» pretty 2-piece New M JKtt 1 v<*JM Jt
j& Spring Suits for boys Bto 15 years, 7 stylish mixtures, in We have just 124 pairs O* gggfc jWe^tt^ *LM «
$ blue, gray and brown cheviots, regularly ,-2.4") and $2.95— this style, the best Side- fi*kc*^^&3g**»4 jt
g until closing time Saturday night, your choice at $1,90 walk skate made. They are ad- Wsfl " wS\ \
H Clothing Department — {Main Floor. jnstable to all sizes of boys and * ' t
>£ girls, have strong heel and toe "^ 111 1
£ Grocery and etrapa and good wheel*. &
X I* «¦"«»• w ••*.•• >-*x^.p=^j For this day only at the very speda! price per p*£c~^BoO J}
Jf LlfgUOr Spe- =^^^ = r r^ Only 124 pairs at this prlco. >
•T CiaiS — 2 dayS. ?,-, l % J£!* §^=2=^ Sporting Goods— Second Floor, m
$ Some prices that will ; 'i! *~* -I* sf***4,!////5 f ***4 ,!//// , ¦ S
g materially reduce the mk~£3r Urs? ,'fi „ — M . „_ ' "' i«
5 household expense of prac- / s^^ / -JJ D^£-£ Btg Carpet and Extra fedac^ ij
I eS^hTbTSiXS (s£lC%£^ Furniture Specials. JJ£££J«S | j
? not^ml e -tu°th e59.e 59. ™ ~ "^^^^ closing time to-morrow night, g
i Fancy Tahlo frutts-im tins (and no more at the M £ffg*j^ H !si^^ tS^SI S
£ special price' of sound, ripe fruit, put up in leaw syrups- * er yard - Tanon3 len « ths ' choice patterns--f or g
h Peaches, Pears, Apricots, Plums and Green Gages-Friday f ?° ""PJ^lO g
5 and Saturday only.!. 2 tins 280 °° x °°f } £?9T Mate-Closely worn, .heavy and datable, J
H Japzn Rico-Fancy grade 12 lbs 800 , BiM 18 f 6 «che*-^pedal two days, each §
f Wff/Slry-Wilson's Pure Rye, bottled at the distillery* none Sprain Carpots-f trictlj aU wool, new and pretty S
S better at any price-Friday and Saturday. ._....... designs-special for two days, p«r yard 800 1$
$ Oaso $11 ; bottle 93C iOtkersas lov> as jocptrjard.) 5
5 Cognac— Martell Three Star, the genuine, that retails Tapestry Carpots — A large assortment of the new 5
jf regularly for .rl.Bs— for two days...- bottle $1.4-9 spring pattena in the regular 65c grade, all-wool surface — J«
6 (Main Floor— l{ear. for two day 3, per yard „ ~~«.~4£»O 2
£ . Wilton Velvet Carpets— Absolntely new patterns jt
| Fleeced Cotton We tav» Cosed out a 3
&' Union &UitS 15C. Ilttle lo^ °* '" dozen Axmlnster Carpets— The new two-tone effects, £
ft" of women's heavy Fleeced heavy deep pile, also large line of floral and Persian designs, 5*
g Cotton Combination Suits, that are worth regularly 35c, the the regular $1.50 goods— special for two days only, per *S
J bntton-down-the-front style, natural color or ecru, which are ylrd $t.OO %
g offered at special sale this day only, per suit ISO TaboUfOttOS-Mahoganj finish, 14x14 inch'top. turned '»
X Bargain Tables— Main Aisle. legs, regularly $2 — for two days- $1*25 5
X Hanging Book Shelf— Golden oak, 4 shelves, regu- %
5 12 ' C Canf9M*<s larly-3.50 -for two days $1.6S <g
6 me% % " B &** r *> v . t j>'*fiY Folding C?r/6s-Maple, with wire and top mattresses, -J
£ MUG. j£%Ll6^'*~rW<K*S size 2ixo feet, regularly $s.so— special for two days j»
$ Per 100, $9. i^^^m-'IH ia^^"*^i^^^-^wSd»c^wg^p^ |
X We again call at- [u J^^^fe^rS-?^ y % iahed, has two drawers and several convenient pigeon holes, j«
f( tention to Our tempt- regularly $9— special for two day 3. $6.25 X
$• ing Cigar offering, good /^^Z/^^^S^^lt Round Extension Tables— Solid golden oak, ex- -J
tt until closing time Satur- <^S2vN^^W/^^^ = *^ tends 6 feet, has heavy turned legs, one of the late pat- jg
X day night >^<^l^' terns, regularly $12 — for two days. $BmSO S
ft" AH 12jo Key West and Domestic Cigars 100 Oh fP a . G J°f f/"? 0 , lden V? 1 6 il i eheB 5
g All 5c Cigars, 7 for 250 Wid ®' 4 JihelTea, has beveled French plate mirror §
| This includes in the "bit" goods - Belmonts, La Rosas, Ge£ VM^JFJZ^fiMn'Z^hHl yT^""'"^ tG 'J^ «
£ eral Arthurs, Victorys and all the other well-known brands. SM^ffS?vS^Z A&£ "^oo^i S
g At 7 for 25c- Nathan Hale, Renown, King V, etc. regularly $23.00-special for two days $22.75 m %
&; Cigar Stand— Rotunda. yf^^S
$ „ nt% ~zr — : r: v ' A Two-quart (U-j) 5
3 $1.00 Tennis &55mzC? Water Bottle 42c. V W 5
Sf Fiannei Skirts Wlll'l^mmk Here ' s a chance for 200 quick shop- #^iHLa J
* for 65C. WUlimWw^h pers who need Hot Water Bottles. WSw^ J
X ***i «#»*«*» ; M I iMIBtJ Before the recent 20 per cent advance in /• 0 5
& Heavy quality, nicely pat- ml |i, , h\X\ f the wholesale price of Rubber Goods these j J«
$ terned Tennis Flannel M ill! I! Imvl bottles were 60c each. To call attention H J
ft _? _ , , ... ? ,4?yti \\ uLLJiUJHa to our completely stocked Drug Sundries 9 %
* Skirts, flounce edged with wide Jfwfl&ffs&i^. %\ Department we offer 200 of them, for j >T
X Malteselace, always sold for $l,^fe^y^^-i^^Jt^ this day only, at - 420 \Vv>i A %
X special to-day only 650 '*t»V** ** s * ( l*¥ r Drug Sundries— Rotunda. = T>fr : -^ *
X _^ «2* 3
*" Concert by Em- Ifi P^^Zr* m m , , fTtft ?,11 „ 1»» ? ti Ses(l *« *™« e°P7 *2
g£ porinm Orchestra |*** ffi.B<&^<Ef^> Fß KKMME^ WFtt WSf% fflk 1% ot Spring Cat- "^
J Saturday evenings. CALIFORNIiVS LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST. STORE aio O uo ' J
INTERESTS of vital moment to the
Republican party of California are
now at stake, and events of the last
few days show that these interests
are in danger of being jeopardized or
injured to a degree past recovery. The
Republican party has Just passed through
a campaign at Sacramento in which it
demonstrated to the people of the Slate
that it can rise superior to the dictate of
unwelcome bosses or the commands of the
Southern Pacific Company. The legisla
tive representatives of the party have
been true to a high trust and have st-nt
to the United States Senate a man worthy
of the honor and free from boss or rail
road entanglements. The election of this
man was a proof of wholesome politics,
a pledge of honesty and decency in public
life, a plea for the support and encour
agement of the honest citizens of Cali
fornia, irrespective of their political af
filiations.
With this splendid incident of a worthy
purpose the Republican party enters the
national campaign which will end on No
vember C with the election of a President
and a Vice President of the United States.
And at the very threshold of the cam
paign the party is threatened by the dis
aster of dishonest, dirty politics and the
participation nnd absolute control of men
who were whipped out at Sacramento In
i disgrace from the party councils.
Burns Boasts of His Power.
Dan Burns left this city a few days ago
for Mexico. Before he left he told some
of those who sacrifice their self-respect in
their political friendship for him that he
had made ironclad arrangements to keep
the Republican State Central Committee
absolutely inactive until he returned in
April, when he would permit the commit
tee to meet and prepare for. the national
: campaign. The outrageous audacity of
this announcement is almost beyond be
lief, but it was made, and Burns expects
that it was the avowal of a condition that
will not be disturbed until he gives the
word. He has dared to say and to plan
that the national Interests of the Repub
lican party in this State shall remain
neglected and abused, that Republican
success In California shall be jeopardized
and the State sold to the Democracy un
less he dictates what these interests shall
be and how they shall be subserved.
The matter is of vital interest to Repub
licans throughout the State. The issue
must be determined, and determined at
once, by the State Central Committee.
This committee is or is not the property
of the Mexican political outlaw and of
William F. Herrin, Democratic head of
the law department of the Southern Pa
cific Company. There is an immediate de
mand for this committee to meet and di
rect the policy of the national campaign
in this State at once or risk the disaster
of having California enrolled In the Demo
cratic column.
Facts Easily Proved.
The facts In the matter are capable of
proof. When Burns departed for Mexico
one of the men who accompanied him
to the boat had been one of the Mexi
can's leaders in the State Legislature. To
this man Burns announced that the State
Central Committee of the Republican
party would not be permitted to meet un
til he returned from Mexico In April. In
answer to a suggestion, he said he did
not care how necessary it might be for
the committee to meet to make sugges
tions or recommendations to county com
mittees or Congressional committees be
fore his return. He was determined, he
declared, to show that his defeat at Sac
ramento had not destroyed his influence
in the party which had repudiated him In
disgust.
"Yes," added his friend, "but can you
do this? Do you possess influence enough
to tie the committee down to Inaction
when the necessity for immediate action
is apparent everywhere; when the party
must commence the tremendous work of
the national campaign under the direc- i
tion of the supreme power in the State,
the State Central Committee?"
"I can do what I please," was the reply
of Burns. "Those members of the Repub
lican State Central Committee that I do
not own are owned by William F. Herrin
of the Southern Pacific Company, and he
has promised me In accord with an agree-
ment which I have made with him that
the State Central Committee shall not be
called together In my absence. Herrin
has guaranteed to me that he will not
allow the committee to meet until I get
luck ana dictate what shall be done."
Herrin in Control.
With this astounding display of arro
gance. Burns left for Mexico, and Herrln
is now endowed with authority to pre
vent the State Central Committee from
holding a session until the Mexican re
turns. There has hardly been an emerg
ency of such serious importance in the
history of the Republican party in this
State. At the beginning of a national
campaign, which may affect the interests
of Republicanism In the nation, the ma
chinery of the party in this State is para
lyzed by command of -a man who has been
kicked out of the organization because
he represents everything disreputable, dis
honest and disgraceful in public and po
litical life.
This man claims the ownership of cer
tain members of the Republican State
Central Committee and assigns those he
does not own to the proprietorship of Wil
liam F. Herriri.
Are the members of the Republican
State Central Committee willing to sign
and indorse the bill of sale? Are they
ready to obey the command of William
F. Herrin and of the Mexican to remain
Idle, and criminally neglectful of the in
terests of their party? Are they going to
remain in shameful submission to a man
who claims thorn as his personal prop
erty? Do they intend to permit the na
tional campaign to suffer until Dan Burns
returns from that Mexican mine of his
and gives them the right to act?
Up to McLaughlin.
The Call does not believe that they will
do so. They cannot In justice to their
own manhood or to the great party they
represent permit defeat to be written on
their banners. They cannot sacrifice and
discredit the splendid victory won at Sac
ramento. Will Major McLaughlin, chair
man of the Republican State Central
Committee, refuse to call the committee
into session when the moral force of its
activity Is so necessary now for Republi
can success in this State? Major Mc-
Laughlin has been insulted and humiliated
by Herrin and by Burns. Both of these
worthies have taken pains publicly to de
ride McLaughlin and sneer at his place
and his pretensions In the party councils.
Will McLaughlin stamp their sneers and
derision with approval by obeying the
command which has gone forth?
The Call thinks not, but if Major Me-
Laughlin has been rightly judged by Her
rin and by Burns then the members of
the Republican State Central Committee
should insist upon the meeting which is
so necessary at this time. They have the
power to do so, and unless they wish the
responsibility of a poorly managed cam
paign to rest upon their shoulders and
are willing to accept the odium of pos
sible defeat they should call the meeting
without delay.
Much Work to 80.
There is much to do and time is already
pressing. The executive committee of the
County Committee of San San Francisco
is already in the Held. Communication
must be had by the State Central Com
mittee with the county and Congressional
committees throughout the State. Pri
maries must be. held, delegates must be
elected to a State convention, and these
In turn must elect delegates to the na
tional convention, which meets on .Tues
day, June 19, at Philadelphia.
Under the rule of the National Com
mittee these delegates to the national
convention must be elected at least thirty
days before the national convention is
called to order. Notice of at least thirty
days must be given before the State dele
gates are elected. Two months, there
fore, by the closest calculation, must be
provided for absolutely, without a
thought of the necessary preparatory
work of the campaign. Some idea of the
outrage involved in the command of
Burns may thus be gained. The Mexican
is deliberately sacrificing the party which
he does not represent and he is using the
State Central Committee as his club of
destruction. The Issue is one of the great
est moment. The Republican State Cen
tral Committee must act or be branded as
the property of William F. Herrin and
Dan Burns.
BURNS AND HERRIN PLOT
REVENGE ON REPUBLICANS
The Mexican Boasts That He Has Throttled
the State Central Committee.
He Insolently Announced That He and Herrin
Own the Committeemen and Will Delay
the National Campaign,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1900.
SAN FRANCISCO BELLE TO
WED A CHICAGO PHYSICIAN
5
AN Interesting engagement Just
madf public Is that of Miss
Xlna Honriettc de St. Hubert to
Dr. Jum<"K D. McGowan of Ch<
cajro. The feir bride-to-be Is the
daughter of Captain J. Ch. de St. Hu
bert, and is a young woman of un
usual ability and many accomplish
ments. Sh<* has devoted most of her
time to music and excels as a per
former on the piano and violin. She
also enjoys a reputation as a com
poser, and among her compositions is
the stirring military march "Greater
America," which she dedicated to Ad
miral Dewey. The famous fighter was
pleased with the attention and sent a
cordial letter of thanks to the fair
your.g composer, in which he men
tioned that he had it arranged to be
played by the band of the Olympia.
Dr. McGowan, the fortunate man. Is
well known In Chicago, where he en-
Joys a splendid reputation as a skillful
and successful practitioner.
The •wedding: of th« happy young
couple will take place early in the
spring.Rev. Voorsanger Will Lecture.
Rev. Dr. Voorsanger will lecture this
evening at Temple Emanu-El on "Some
Facts Regarding Race Prejudices." The
regular divine services will begin at 8
o'clock. The public is cordially invited.
Will Discuss Christian Science.
Judge William J. Ewing of Chicago will
give a free lecture next Tuesday evening
at Metropolitan Temple. His subject will
be "Christian Science, the Religion of
Jesus Christ.'.' .
nHBHHHBBHEHBHBBBHBBIMBBMBBHMBM^
[BRAIN AND BRAWN!
H ¦ _^ — .. — — — —
! "Dr. McLaughlin's Men," the Men of Might— Men Who Were Sick I
a and Weak— Men Who Had Pains and Aches Now Strong g
S and Full of Life. ¦
¦ • gj
a _—^ There is one certain way to cure weakness— that is, to restore life; one H
" Vf" l^^ certain way to cure pain — that is, to remove its cause. > H
j&sß^'*!^ ow ar drugs come from this, and how directly the Dr. McLaughlin g
>5 JJs&S&S 1 ' jtifflißlL Electric Belt strikes the mark, is shown by the thousands of cures performed g
H in almost hopeless cases by my wonder-working electric treatment, after the g
B ' ¦Mll^ failure of all kinds of drup; medication. gj
Q MffiFfb w» ne reason is that all pain and weakness result from a loss of organic and E
* SB&'lis&ktM. "*¦ % vl» nerve vitalit}-. That must be restored. Drugs cannot restore it. Electricity ¦
S i&rJ&S&t " Ikfc. can and docs wlien 5t is a PP lied ri S ht - 1 aPP ] - v it right. The S
i ImfcLMmmX Dr< McLau^hlin's Electric Belt 1
H / Warranted not to Burn nor Blister, cures to stay cured, Nervous I>e- &
j fesi^^l^B^^^^^aß^^ 4 bility, Waste of Power in Men, Varicocele, Weakness of Any Kind, H
H MW^^^ whether in Nerves, Vital Organs, Stomach, Heart, Liver or Kidneys. It g
B W W&Bbß^ cures Rheumatism, Pains in Back and Shoulders, Sciatica, Lumbago, In- a
m imtm&l 'Hit Pjlilffg • digestion, Neural^a, Prostatic Weakness, Constipation, Dyspepsia and j|
¦ Ml IWS/ all troubles new life can restore health. g
H a^^lW " Twenty years of my life have been devoted to studying the cause of weak- *|
m \sl£*s W% EBBS' ness, and I have found "that electricity is the basis of all animal life. That is g
n \ii§& MM MmW what weak men an(l women need. My Electric Belt pours it into the body in H
H vtfS&rtt&LßSEr a gentle stream. I know how to apply it so as to get the best result, and my a
0 Belt ' s arran K eel specially for each case. a
bS Jr'B&ilx enpe Dnnl/ Men. young or old. who feel themselves lacking in S
n IXL.L* UWWIV. t ] ie f ire and vim natural to their age should read my g
n| beautifully illustrated 80-page book, which tells how all these troubles are b
g 4 AIMt ._,,„,. ?• . caused and cured. Read it and you will see the reason in my statements. I ¦
B IOMw.yUALHtLN will send it, closely sealed, free. No matter what you have tried, my treat- H
13 R.J?w2SiiJ? ell we 7w e 7 « P 'i^' "lent will appeal to you as the only common-sense method, and. if you wish g
g Dn M- a iicuucHUN .to enjoy health and strength you must try it. Act to-day,, as it will bring |
« —Dear. Sir: Your Belt has given you hanniness in future years. S
9 me entire satisfaction In every re- ¦' J" u iwppiucsb in iuiuic jw;.. _ m
¦ Bpect. and its Invigorating and _.' __ . .. T _il»__ 702 Marßet Street. Corner Kearny. San p
- e #s;^ , Dr. M. A. McLaughhn, E^-i^i^r/^S" °" d B
¦ 4 ; — -f Of flea Hours— l to 8:80. Sundays. 10 to L NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES. H
¦BBBBBBBBBBBBBBfIBBBBBBBBBBBBfIBfIBBBBBBBB'BBBBBBBBBBBfIBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBfI
The Original Little Beneficencia Publics
Co- of San Francisco. Drawing
February 22, 1000.
No. 55.077 wins $3750, sold In San Francisco;
No. C 6.299 wins $1250. sold In San Francisco; No.
C 0.175 wins $025, sold In San Francisco; Nos.
7412. 13.9:4. 23.8C5, 39.C70. 46.511 each wins 162 £,0.
sold in Sacramento and San Francisco, Cat. *
i: Palace and :
:: Grand Hotels \
' ' Fcr nearly a quarter of a century the ' '
< ' leading hotels on the Pacific Coast. ' '
< ' With added lmDrovements and con- < >
+ venlences they continue to he the head- < •
? quarters for tourists and travelers vis- < •
Z ltlnc San Francisco. ?
f JOHN C KIRKPATRICK. ?
T Manager. < .
|»M »¦?•¦»•• M >M«|
1} D TTOXJI7Q FOR BARBERS. BAK-
JjXI.U OnijO ers > bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers; tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St
(THE PEOPLE'S POPULAR PLAT HOUSE.)
LAST TIMES THIS WEEK.
Standing Room at Every Performance.
EVERY EVENING AT Bj/3.
MATINEC DAILY AT Si 13.
LAST PERFORMANCES
T B EmI JEFFR!ES =
SHARKEY
CONTEST PICTURES
Next Sunday Afternoon and Night.
IMPORTANT !
¦This Theater will remain closed for two
weeks commencing Monday. February IS. to
allow for Extensive Stage Improvements.
NEXT— "HAVE TOU SEEN SMITH V
EDWARD PROBERT, the well-known capitalist and mining man, com
mitted suicide yesterday morinj by shooting himself through the brain
with a revolver! The lnrosxls of age and two strokes of paralysis had
affected his mind to such a degree that be was not responsible for the
act thßt terminated his life.
The deceased lived with his wife in their residence at 940 Grovo
rtre«t *vcr since it was built for them, about five years ago.
3>aFt year he was stricken with paralysis and since that time his health
appeared to be falMrg. and recently he has been a victim of insomnia. It waa
his hab!t to arise between 2 and 3 o'clock in the morning and walk around the
boas* from room t» room until he had quieted his nerves sufficiently to go to
bed again. Yesterday morning a little after 3 o'clock his wife, occupying an
adjoining room to the one In which he slept, heard him get up and go into tho
etric She thought that he had gone for the purpose of shutting down the
wir.dows. \chsch were usually kept open at night, and she called to him that
rbe trould shut them for him. but he made no answer. «
A fc-rr taoments later she heard the report of a firearm, and hastened up
stairs and found her husband lying oa the floor with the blood oozing from a
bullet wound In the right temple.
"It's all over now; I'm going," l.c said, and then became unconscious. The
distracted -wife summoned John and Kalpn Brennan of 931 Grove street, and
one of them called Dr. Lee O. Rodgers, but the wound was mortal and Mr.
Probert died !n about an hour and a half after shooting himself.
The deceased capitalist had an eventful and honorable history. He was a
rrrcduate of Cambridge University, England, and was a thorough classical
F'/iiolar. At one time he. was chaplain to the Duke of Northumberland. Mr.
I'robert caice to this State about twenty-five years ago and engaged In min
ing enterprises. He was superintendent of the Albion and Richmond mines In
Eureka. Nev. Up to the time of his death he continued as manager of the lat
ter mine. He bought the Venetia mine In Trinity County for $60,000 some yeara
ago. and discovered when too lat<9 that It had been salted.
The dead capitalist was a native of Wales and was 76 years old. Mrs. Pro
bert before her marriage taught school In Mills Seminar}', and Is twenty-flvo
years younger than her husband. «
The sick In the hospitals were often visited by the deceased and given
flowers and books. He vis a great bookworm, and of recent years had se
cluded himself from society for comiriunlon with the printed thoughts of great
men who d!ed long ago.
DEATH ENDS A
FAMOUS CAREER
General McNulta Goes
to His Rest.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 22— General John
McNulta of Chicago, well known through
out the West because of his Identifica
tion with the receivership of railroads and
other great corporations, died suddenly
here shortly after 6 o'clock to-night.
Death occurred in his apartments at the
Hamilton House, a:id was due to angina
pectoris. General McNulta was aged
about CO years.
He had beon apparently In the best of
health during the day and had returned
to the hotel only a short time before he
was stricken. Medical aid was hastily
summoned, but It was evident to the phy
sician that his case was a hopeless one
and he died within an hour after the at
tack.
Judge Weldon of the Court of Claims.
who for a long time was associated with
Mr. McNulta in the practice of law at
Bloomlngton. 111.; Major Nally of the
army, a guest at the house, and a physi
cian were with him when death came.
The deceased leaves a widow and two
children in Chicago, a son in Montana and
another son who is a lieutenant In the
regular army in the Philippines.
Because of the great success he had at
tained in managing the affairs, of the va
rious organizations to which he was ap
pointed. General McNulta became known
as the "great American receiver." He
waa at various times receiver of the Wa
bash Railroad, the Clover Leaf road and
for the whisky trust, and at the time of
his death was acting In a similar capadtv
for the National Bank of Illinois, which
failed several years ago. He had been in
this city In connection with that duty
since, the 19th inst. General McNulta was
at on© time a member of Congress and
waa a lawyer of distinguished ability. He
waa a close friend of General Grant and
saw active service in the Civil War, in
which he was severely wounded.
THEODORE KIEFER had so great love for his dear old mother that h©
could not endure his loss of her and within a month of the time she
died he poisoned himself, hoping to meet her In the dark beyond, and
his life went out with the word "mother" trembling on his lips.
Kiefer was found at 9 o'clock yesterday morning moaning and
writhing with pain In his room at 9^ Oak Grovo avenue. James J. Mc-
Keown a lodger, and Mrs. Addle Lyons, the landlady, heard his groans and
went Into his room to Inquire what was the matter. They found him writh
ing on th© bed and now and then a moan came from his foam-flecked lips.
"What Is the matter with you?" asked McKeown. "Have you been
drinking?"
"No," replied Kiefer. "Go and bring my sister here.
Then he writhed in a severe convulsion and as his lips moved Mr. Mc-
Keown bent down to hear what he was trying to say. He caught the word
"mother," then a gasp and Kiefer lay dead, his glazing eyes staring at the
ceiling
A water tumbler at the bottom of which were whitish crystals partly dis
solved stood on a small table In the room. Kiefer had taken off his hat and
coat, dissolved nearly an eighth of an ounce of strychnine In the glass of
water and swallowed the contents. When the Morgue deputies searched his
clothing they found the vial containing a small quantity of crystals of
strychnine. . . . . . .
Kiefer was 43 years old. a native of New Orleans and a barber by trade.
Up to a month ago he lived with his mother and Mrs. Henry Ives, his
Bister, at 1913 Harrison street. When the undertaker placed his mother s
body In the coffin Kiefer took the unconscious clay In his arms and bore it
from the room. He was demented in his sorrow and It was only by means
of coaxing and some little force that the body was taken away from him
and put into th© coffin. After the funeral he visited his mother's grave
every day and rrew more and more despondent, until finally his reason gave
way and he was Impelled to die the suicide's death.
Miner's Bowery and Eighth-avenue thea
ters. Miner's Harlem Theater and the
aters In Newark and Detroit, and was In
terested In others. Many famous actors
have traveled under his management,
among them Duse, Fanny Davenport ana
James A. Hearne. He brought out Mrs.
James Brown Potter as a star.
about completed th© closing chapter when
he was stricken.
FAMILY DESTITUTE.
Father Dead and Children. Near to
Starvation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PENN GROVE, Feb. 22.— John H. Mol
ler, a well-known resident of Cotatl, a
small hamlet a few miles north of here,
died at his home on Tuesday. At tho
time of the funeral this afternoon his
widow lay at death's door, while clus
tered about the bedside of their mother
were six little children, ranging In age
from eight months to twelve years. The
family Is quite destitute and the father's
death Is said to have resulted from lack
of proper nourishment.
The Petaluma lodge of Knights of Pyth
ias has provided for the immediate needs
of the family and Is now raising funds
to apply to the heavy mortgage on the
llttl© place. Moller removed to Cotatl
from San Francisco about six years ago.
He was a member of Golden Gate Lodge,
Knights of Pythias, of San Francisco.
Killed by a Mowing Machine.
SANTA ANA, Feb. 22.— Jacob Baker, a
prominent rancher, met a horrible death
late yesterday afternoon in a runaway
with a mowing machine. Stopping the
team to fix something about the harness,
the horses became frightened and ran
away. Baker fell In front of the sickle
and was dragged several hundred yards.
His left leg was almost severed below the
knee, his right leg was horribly mutilated,
his face and neck were cut almost to
pieces and several fingers were missing.
He died in two hours.
A REMARKABLE BILL OF ALL 6000 THIN6S
KATHRTN OSTERMAN AND COMPANY.
HARRIS A FIELDS; DE VTITT A BURNS:
HAPPT FANNT FIELDS: CUSHMAN.
HOLCOMBE A CURTIS: MONROE A MACK;
DEETS A DON: ROMALO BROTHERS:
AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
Reserved Seats, 23c: Balcony, 10o; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
¦Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
SMALL WAVE OF SUDDEN DEATHS AND SUICIDES
ADVEETISEMENTS.
AMTJSE3TENTS.
BODIES FOUND
IN LAKE BONITA
Remains of Three Sausa
lito Boys Recovered.
• -
Bpoclal Dispatch to Th* Call.
SAUSAX.ITO, Feb. 22.— The ray of hope
cherished as to the fate of Joseph Fer
nandez, Vincent Machado and Sydney SII
vey, the boys drowned In Lake Bonlta on
Saturday, was dispelled at 7 o'clock this
morning when th© search party which has
been dragging th© lak© for th© last four
days brought to the surface the body of
the former. The discovery of Fernandez's
remains was followed shortly after by
that of Sllvey's and Machado's.
All last night grappling irons raked the
bod of the lak© In the endeavor to locate
the bodies. The search party was under
the direction of R. D. Noble. John Suea
vllla, Clinton Mason and Fred Cohen, and
was composed of over fifty men and boys.
After the bank of the lagoon had been cut
and the water lowered about five feet,
the irons encountered the body of Fernan
dez near the south end of the lake. The
others lay within a few feet of Fernan
dez. The shotguns used by the unfortun
ate boys were also brought to the surface,
being found close to the bodies of their
late owners.
A messenger was dispatched to Sausa
llto with the news of the discovery, and
Coroner Eden of San Rafael held an in
quest in the Town Hall this afternoon.
Dr. Mays heJd an autopsy and stated that
no marks of violence were visible and that
death was due to drowning. The Jury re
turned a verdict accordingly. The bodies
of Fernandez and Machado will be burled
in Sausallto to-morrow, eight of their late
schoolmates acting as pallbearers. John
Ferguson, the stepfather of Silvey, had
the boy's remains conveyed to San Fran
cisco, where they will be burled.
As a token of respect the school desks
formerly occupied by the boys will
be draped in mourning and the school
will remain closed until the funerals ar©
over.
MRS. D'SYLVEIRA'S BODY
FOUND IN THE WATER
JUMPED OFF A PERRY BOAT SIX
TEEN DAYS AGO.
Sickness Undermined Her Reason,
and She Told Her Husband Sho
Would Kill Herself.
The body of Mrs. Ermallne d'Sylveira
was found floating in the bay near Mclggs
wharf early yesterday morning by an
Italian fisherman named Francisco Clam
cimino.
On February 6 the unfortunate woman
Jumped off the ferry boat Bay City when
opposite Goat Island and was drowned.
She was the wife of Manuel J. d'Sylveira,
a barber, whose place of business is on
Clay street, near East, In this city, their
residence being at 809 Wood street, Oak
land. The woman had been an Invalid
for years, and her Buffering had under
mined her reason. About three months
before her disappearance she attempted
to kill hereelf by swallowing carbolic
acid, but the timely arrival of a doctor
saved her life. On February 6 she took
her young Bon Alfred with her to Oak
street station and sent him home with
Instructions to tell her husband that she
did not intend to return. She had left
a note to her husband to the effect that
her suffering was more than she could
bear, and that she had made up her mind
"to end it all."
The last seen of her was when she
lumped oft the ferry boat. She left her
hat and cloak on the deck, and sank from
view aa soon as she struck the water. She
was a native of the Azores Islands and
33 years old. Her husband identified the
remains by th« clothing and teeth.
PROMINENT THEATRICAL
MANAGER DROPS DEAD
Apoplexy Very Suddenly Carried
Away Henry Clay Miner in
New York City.
NEW YORK, Feb. 22.— Henry Clay
Miner, the theatrical manager, dropped
dead this afternoon in his room on River
side drive. Death was due to apoplexy.
Deceased was 58 years of age. Mr. Miner
had been remarkably well all winter and
there was no warning of the end. He was
In his room preparing to go for a drive
with his wife and was walking across the
room when he fell. Mrs. Miner was thii
first to reach him. He was a large man,
with a florid face that suggested apoplexy.
Mr. Miner's estate Is estimated to be
worth more than $5,000,000. While his
name was always closely Identified with
the theatrical business, his Interests were
varied. He owned drugstores, a big litho
graphing company, a photographic supply
house, big phosphate interests and large
blocks of railway and mining stocks. He
carried $100,000 in life Insurance. Recently
he built a Una white granite mausoleum
In Greenwood Cemetery which "cost $50,000.
Harry Miner, as he was known, became
a Congressman, made a great deal of
money In the London, Bowery and Peo
ple's theaters on the Bowery and Miner's
Kighth-avenue Theater. Ten years ago he
leased the Fifth-avenue Theater, and this
is said to have been his only unprofitable
theatrical venture. In 1594 he was elected
to Congress and served one term.
At the time of his death ho owned
A New Deal.
The well-known Westerfeld's bakery and
restaurant. 1035 Market st.. is now under en
tirely new ma nagement ; every thing up-to-date.*
I riglifs Indian Vegetable Pills
ARE ACKNOWLEDGED UT- THOUSANDS
of persons who have uae4 them lor forty
years to cur« SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESB.
CONSTIPATION. Torpia L4»er, Weak Stomach,
J'Urpitt aad purify tbe blood.
WINTER RESORT.
SPECIAL ROUND-TRIP TICKETS TO
PAS.OROBLES-Bgp.jy?
Most noted Mineral Springs In United States.
Marvelous cures of Rheumatism. Blood. Liver.
Kidney. Stomach and other disorders. Apply
FRANK W. ELY. City Aceat. (40 Market st.
Father Wyman to Lecture.
The third lecture of the Y. M. I. lecture
course will be delivered by Rev. Henry
H. Wyman, C. S. P., at Metropolitan Hall
next Monday evening, on "Catholicism
and Science^ — The Harmony Between Nat
ural and Revealed Truth." Father Wy
man is a most interesting and eloquent
Epeakor, and will no doubt handle his sub
ject in a masterly manner. In addition
to the lecture, a short musical programme
will be rendered. Tickets to the lecture
course are complimentary and may be ob
tained at Y. 11. I. headquarters, 24 Fourth
street.
Will Be Buried at Dwight.
LOS AJCGELES, Feb. 22.— The remains
of the late Dr. Leslie Keeley, who died
suddenly In this city yesterday, aro to be
taken to Dwight, 111., on Monday nevL
Th« widow will accompany the body East.
The services in this city &re to ba of a
very Blmple character.
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TANFORAN PARK.
FOURTH MEETIXO. Feb. 12 to J4, Inclusive.
Six high-class running races •v«ry week
day. rain or shine, beginning at 1:30 p. m.
The Ideal winter racetrack of America, Pa-
trons step dlrectty from the railroad cars into
a ' superb grand stand, glass-enclosed, where,
comfortably housed In bad weather, they can
enjoy an unobstructed view of the races.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets at
9:00. 10:40 and 11:30 a. m.. and 12:15. i::33. 12:50
and 1:25 p. m.. returning Immediately after
last raca at 4:45 p. m. Seats In rear cam re-
served for women and their escorts. No smok-
ing. Valencia street, 10 minutes later.
San Jos« and Way Stations— Arrive at San
Bruno at 12:43 p. m. I^eave San Bruno at 4:00
and 4:45 p. in.
RATES— San Francisco to Tanforan and re-
turn Including admission to track. $1 25.
W. J. MARTIN. President.
F. H. GREEN, Secretary and Manager.
General Reames Dead.
Special Dispatch, to The Call
MEDFORD. Feb. 22.— General Thomas
G. Reames of Jacksonville died last night
after a brief illness. He was a partner in
the banking house of Beelcman & Reames
and a pioneer leader in Democratic poli
tics, lie leaves a large family.
Killed by a Derrick.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 22.— 8. F. Wood
ward, a carpenter, was killed this morn
ing while at work at the McDonald Grain
and Milling Company's establishment. A
heavy derrick fell on him, crushing his
breast in such a manner that he died in
an hour.
I will guarantee
JZSZS&T-tf^r&k ti>at m y Kidney Cure
jgg«S&VKi£w& ¦will enro 90 per cent.
JE|*»»w»i*VsSrgi C f a jj forms of kidney
jftJg' 2*^J ©un'pls'iJit and In
ff2>* . .3§3£i many instances the
U HtvS^US^tw most wrions forms of
if **"' W*2p Bright'^ disease. If
A y«j2j'Sf the disease is corn-
\^>-j^a«f plicated send a four-
yWjL—p^^ oonce vial of urine.
TtoJr'fifflß&^p&SM and advise you freo
At all druggists, 23c. a rinl. QMo to Health
and mwilcal aU»ice fre«. 1501 Arch tt.. Phils. t
ALCAZAR THEATER.
ALWAYS CROWDED.
LAST THREE MGIITS.
MATINEE TOMORROW AND SUNDAY.
THE PRODIGAL
FATHERJ — —
15c, 25c R ii^f D 35c, 50c.
Next Week— THE NEW SOUTH.
DAM RICE,
FAMOUS CLOWN,
PASSES AWAY
NEW YORK, Feb. 22.— Dan Rice, th©
veteran circus clown, died at Long
Branch, N. J., to-night after a lingering
Illness, aged 77 years.
Mr. Rice had been In ill health for sev
eral months. He Buffered from Brlghfs
disease, but was able to go ou,t driving
until a week ago when he took to his bed.
His real name was Daniel McLaren. He
was born In New York. His father nick
named the boy Dan Rice, after a famous
clown In Ireland. Dan Rice made three
Independent fortunes. He died, however,
a comparatively poor man. With his own
shows he traveled over the whole United
States and also abroad. Rice leaves a
widow in Texas. During his last illness
he was writing a book on his life and had
Published In Next Sunday's Call
Don't Miss the Story
of Mrs. Ho Vow
at Home.
Published In Next Sunday's Call.
"HOOT MON, THEY CANNA RESIST ME!"
AND 46th TIME TO-NIGHT
Ot the ReccnS-Breaklas Comic Opera
THE
Evenings at S. Matinee Saturday at t
POPULAR PRlCfc**— 25c and 50c.
Telephone Bush ».
HOW THEY | POUR
DID I IN
TWICE YESTERDAY TO BEB
WHO IS WHO.
That Very Funny Farce Comedy.
NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON, AN EVENT
INDEED.
The Marvelously Beautiful Play.
"THE SILENCE OF DEAN MAITLAND."
Tho Eminent Australian Actor. MR. H. R.
ROBERTS and MAGGIE MOOPvE'S
AUSTRALIAN COMPANY.
SUITS... g%
*To wear well sVT^S
must be well made. |f I T p j
The suits I make all wear L y^? | P i
I use tho greatest of car* g2st^VW !
in maklDZ them. ?,. S\ /V 4 i
If you order one of me you ? I 8 i
can depend upon It being C? 3 f^l. s£: ;
flrst-class regarding ma- {:,> y.fl j'jj' i
terlal, workmanship, fit, •.-.;. t;.V] >.-;ji |
style and durability. gsj jf'yi >vfjs j
Sack Suits
from 512 50 jP^Xthe
from $15.09 1110 . 1112 Market
Pants from $4.00 20 - 03 Montgom .
••• cry St.
Samples sent free. San Francisco.
GOLD AND LIFE HAD NO
MORE CHARMS FOR HIM
Capitalist Edward Probert Ended His Days
With a Bullet.
COULD NOT ENDURE THE
LOSS OF HIS MOTHER
Theodore Kiefer Took Her Body Out of the
Coffin and Killed Himself.
CRAND OPERA=HOUSE
TELEPHONE MAIN MX.
CROWDED EVERT NIGHT.
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
Immense Success of the Third Edition ot
DON'T MIS 3 THE IRISH CAKEWALK.
USUAL. POPULAR PRICES.
Good Reserved Seat In Orchestra at Tiara-
day and Saturday Matinee. 25 cents.
Branch Ticket O(3ca, Emporium.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 23. 1900.
Mao's Mechanism
Delicate Machinery That Needs
Constant Care.
Absolute Cleanliness and Regulation as
INccessary as for Any Other Kind of
Machinery. How to Keep It
In Working Order. '
There's a screw loose somewhere!
One little screw In the ble machine grets
a trifle loose and the whole apparatus
clogs, balks and refuses to work properly.
A skillful engineer can tell by the "feel"
of his engine when there's a screw loose.
Occasional constipation — call it costive-
ness or biliousness — needs prompt atten-
tion. It clogs the whole delicate mechan-
ism of man, and must be removed skill-
fully without force or shock. Only a veg-
etable laxative should be used, and Cas-
carets Candy Cathartic, which you can
eat like a piece of candy, are the most
agreeable, natural and effective of all lax-
atives.
Cascarets are the only antiseptic ca-
thartio, and not only make the liver lively,
remove obstructions in the bowels,
strengthen the intestines, but kill all
germs of disease in the body. Therefore
prevent as well as cure.
Buy and try Cascarets to-day. You'll
find that It'B what they do. not what we
say they'll do, that will please you. All
druggists, 10c. 25c and 50c. or will mall
for price. Send for booklet and free sam-
ple. Address Sterling Remedy Co., Chi-
cago; Montreal. Can., New York.
. This Is the CASCARET tab-
{-. r.^\ let. Every tablet of the only
I IT IT W 1 eenuine Cascarets bears the
I l» lij t» 1 magic letters "C C C." Look
k A at the tablet before you buy,
V 3 1/ and beware of frauds, imita-
tions and substitutes.
Last 3 Performances tha Famous
BOSTONIANS.
TO-XIGHT— LIAST TTMEt
"THE 2»E REMADE."
SATURDAY MATIXEE AND SAT. NIGHT.
"ROBIN HOOP."
Beg. NEXT MONDAY,
DENMAN THOMPSON
AND an Entirely New Production of
THE OLD HOMESTEAD,
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
AMALGAMATORS,
EAVE GCLD-Kroch Mf£. Co.. « BteTenson
Ft. Amalxamatora. Eanl Centrlfag-al Pumps.
H " The wheel world knows that g
j Cleveland Bicycles arc the best" g
I 1900 MODEL 1
CLEVELANDS
I HIGHEST GRADE. I
I $40 sod $50 I
I LEAVITT & BILL, |
H 309 LARKIN ST. g
M 20 San Pablo Ay;., Oakland. M
p| Open Eveninfts. r|
H Old Wheels Taken int Exchange. l|
ROTARY AMALGAMATOR.
MOORE Improved Gold Separator & RoUtT
Arnalpair.atur on exhibition. €S Stevenson sU
BEACH GOLD CONCENTRATOR.
FAVES All tlie Uold by sravltation. No <l«lefc>
»tlver. Hand or power. In operation 14 Spear.
STEAM ENGINES.
Call and pee the lighted, cheapest, npeclal Cape
Ncme Pteam er.BTin*: working p. its completely
Inclot>ei; Jis to IZZi lor 1 to 30 horsepower;
m-elrMs M to 140 C: one operntlns at RIX EN.
GINKERINQ AND SL'PPLV CO.. 61» Howard.
GASOLINE ENGINES.
nFRCTTLnS GAS ENGINE WOKKS Is filllnr
laxie numbers of orders for Nome. 141-1U
Kirst et.. 6. F.
OILS.
LrBRICATINO Oil. Crufl* "Oil and Gasoline.
ENSIGN & McGUFFICK. 23 Spear St.. S. F.
PLATES FO» SAVING GOLD.
Fchaezlein & Eurrid^. 1 Hardle place, off
Kearny, tx-twefn Butter and Bush streets.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS.
Lift GolJ-UearlnK stands perfectly. In op»ra-
tlon at C 3 Elxth eu BTRON JACKBON.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Furi>lr freah or salt water lor sluice boxes;
bleh or low lifts. Klmonds. M Market st.
ENOISES, BOILERS. ETC.
BAKEK Ml HAMILTON. Endues and Boilers;
lowtct prices on the coast. Pln« & Davli sf.
HENSHAVT. BUCKLET tc CO.. Pumpj. Steam and
GaWlne E&ctna. Boilers, if ana 21 Fremont.
TENTS AND COVERS.
?«*EVTLLE A CO.. manufacturers, bar*, tents,
covers. 31 and SS California at.
DR.PSERCE-S7!
MEDICAL . ")
"** ' FOR THE
BLOOP.ELBVER. LU NGS;
I Overcoat -§-
-Suit, /f <pK % -
JUST A 8 / s&l \
tou choose. \ L^Py
Made-to-ordcr \L l^ r~Vt-Jr ~Vt-J
In the best man- X i-J{ fl t .
ncr and sold at I |C'Sj
Chicago //> H\i A
Tailoring Jj^WWEEK •
"tCft BUrkrt **
1019 ««*• Op« Erenlnn.
REYNOLD'S
Goutor Rheumatism, If on the flrstapproach
of the paroxysm they have recourse to this rem-
edy; then, a single dose Is often sufficient.
is. ror<: r.n.% a to., 30.30 .\. tnuiam su . v. x,
CHUTES AND^OO. E Jft^ Ma
MAJOR MITE: LILLIAN* YON TTLSE; th«
BLACK BARTONS ; OUHANA: PAUL LA
CROIX: GEORGE rtYRD: VOLKTRA ana
NEW MOVING PICTURES. ;
SPECIAL! SATURDAY NIGHT,
CAKEWALKING CONTEST
FOR THE COAST CHAMPIONSHIP.
Phone for Seats PARK a
lA/. X. HESS,
KOTARY PUtfLlO AKD ATTOSNEX-Af-LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckel* Bide
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. S2l California at., below Powell.
Ban Francisco.
visit DR. JORDAN'S great
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
C% ::::iuirsrK.tat.ci»?A.B.r.CiL
Cf The Lanfftt A rutwr.ical Mutnan in the
¦"ri^Br-a. * '•"•. * e*knet »ci er ' »njr contracted
3jCjSB «:«*<¦« ¦"•••••••¦^•¦¦•¦•dhytheoldMt
t £~ Fj I hPe"»"«h P e "»"« < » «*¦ Co»it hit. 34 y<-.tr».
fiS?ft OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES
W (Q?^k Ceami!:»tion frrr and itri'tly prirste
I YKJ' H Tt " •:«•«" p^raenally or by letter. A
P (jr CIN t**.tui€ On lit every cate undertake*.
HI |l/», VVrn, 10, 1)^,1. rail.OHOPnV«l
Iff IS B4RSIAUK, MAILED FRSft. (A
j\ )\ vslu&ble boo.: lot nimt
DR JIIBDA.VA «-«» . 1011 Market BU.B. F.
OBIT nniffll Corner Fourth and
CAFF KflYfi -"«£
bHI L III) IHL g~°o.ss.,, I *ss
Valises checked fre«.
t"S^*^3 r-nedy for lionorrncca.
TiMEp^CEUEai >»$3 p'«»t. Spermatorrhoea
BLfFt* «nlu>S437s. W w hit'j. unnatural Jlj.
Effiif Ocar»nt«a {Jt charge*, or any lnfla-mary.
ffiifctf not to suistar*. tion. lirrttatloa or ulcera*
jp flPr»T«n» o»am*»a. tion c* mnooas menv
KISmEM!J3CHE«J£«ina b^nes. Non-«aixlcgenS.
V^Wi.cihcxbati.o.JSSjj Sottl Dy **«*e?rt«t*,
33 Circuit* not w* ca>l^B»t»
aCO.^g*^
MARKET 'sT.sF^SSir
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USB DAiIIAN A -BITTERS. THB
Ereat Mexican remedy; gUes health and
•uen«ta to sexual organs. Depot, 33 Market.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
FOtt THE CURE OF GONORRHOEA,
Gleet c, Stricturea and analosoui com«
plaints of the Orcaxu of Generation.
y-rv c :i a bottle. For sale by drug-gista.
6Wins Cleveland Cup.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 22.— The fifty-mile
relay race, held by the Associated Cycling
Clubs of Los Angeles this morning, was
won by the Los Angeles Athletic Club
the Oberons finishing second. The win
ning club becomes the holder of the Cleve
land cup for one year.
McFadden and Haugh Draw.
PLATTSBURG, N. V., Feb. 22.— Kid Mc-
Fadden of Ban Francisco and Maxey
Haugh of New York fought twenty
rounds to a draw before the Champlaln
Athletic Club to-night. McFadden was
the aggressor from start to nnish.
MANY KNOW THE MAN.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 22,-It Is suspected
here that the body discovered in the surf
near the Cliff House Tuesday aftorncon
is that of Charles de Cleer, a tailor who
twenty-five years ago resided witn hla
father in this city. From the photogranii^
In the papers and the description given of
the unfortunate man persons who knew
De Cleer are inclined to believe that it
was his dead body that was being washed
about by the waves near Lands End
Frank de Cleer, the father of the youne
man, came Into public prominence over
twenty years ago, when in a fit of Jealous
rage he attempted to kill his wife, Blanche
de Cleer, whom he accused of being ioo
Intimate with a member of the San Fran
cisco police force.
FIGURE 1
refraction and Is easily demonstrated by
the familiar experiment of placing a pen
cil In a glass of water and viewing It from
above and from the side. In either case
the straight rod appears to be bent. In
reality, of course, only the rays of light
reflected by the pencil have been bent by
the water. Had the glass been filled with
some fluid lighter than water, such as al
cohol,, the pencil would have appeared
less bent, while had the substance been
more dense, for instance chloroform, it
BECOMES INSANE AGAIN.
A. T. Dennett, the Ne-w York Re-
former, Taken to an
Asylum.
HANOVER, N. H., Feb. 22.— A. T. Den
nett, the New .York reformer and associ
ate of Rev. Dr. Parkhurst, who for some
time has been living in retirement at
Concord, N. H., owing to mental trouble,
but who came here, on business several
days ago, was taken away this morning
by an attendant from the insane asylum
at Concord, who had been summoned on
account of a return of the mania from
which Dennett. previously had suffered.
Homo for Theosophists.
SAN DIEGO. Feb. 22.— T0-morrow the
members of the Theosophical Society, or
the Universal Brotherhood, will begin the
work of constructing on Point Loma the
buildings which are to be erected In con
nection with the "School for the Revival
of the Lost Mysteries of Antiquity" which
they will establish there. The first of
these structures will be the library ani
music hall. It will be 150 by SO feet. This
will be followed by the temple museum,
dwellings for Mrs. Catherine Tingley and
her cabinet and for the colonists. Work
on the temple will be begun before the
library and music hall is completed.
Wright Exonerated.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 22.— Coroner Hol
land has returned from San Gabriel,
where he went to hold an inquest on the
body of a Mexican named Francisco Pen
na, who had been killed by a rancher
named M. T. Wright. After hearing the
evidence the Coroner's jury returned a
verdict exonerating Wright on the ground
that the killing was done In self-defense.
Failed to Organize.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call
WOODLAND, Feb. 22.— The attendance
of Yolo County fruit growers at the meet
ing appointed for Wednesday afternoon
was so small that no organization was
effected. Judge Aikeo, State organizer of
the California Cured Fruit Association,
was present and made an interesting ad
dress. ...
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
COURSE IN PHOTOGRAPHY FOR AMATEURS.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
F»HOTOGR/\F»HY F"OR AMATEURS,
Could Not Read the Will.
OAKLAND,' Feb. 22.— Public Administra
tor Hawes has applied for- letters of ad-
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, && N EE E g LA ££
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at 1U GREEN
niVER COLLIEKIES. U the Best Coal In ttio
sifktL O.'flce and Yards— iVi Main etreeC
Given Up to Die.
DUBUQUE, lowa, Feb. 22.— Archbishop
Hennessy's condition is such to-night that
hopes for. . his recovery have been aban
doned.The physicians expect death with
in a day or two.
Automobile in the Park.
Edward J. Murphy was arrested yes
terday afternoon for operating an auto
mobile In Golden Gate Park, contrary to
the park ordinance which prohlbts tho
use of horseless carriages on the great
reservation. Murphy had considerable
sport with the officer, but was finally cap
tured. He became abusive and was placed
under arrest. Later In the day he and his
machine were released and escorted out of
the sark townwari.
FIGURE 5.
point, while in the other caso the raya
would continually diverge. (See Figs, i
and 5.)
If the surfaces of the prisms were
curved Instead of flat, their effect on light
passing through them would not be al
tered. We therefore have in these exam
ples the basis of the two principal kinds
FIGURE 6.
of lenses, the convex converging lena and
the concave diverging lens. (See first and
fourth lenses shown In Fig. 6.)
The simplest form of photographic lens
is a single convex lens. A convex lens
will cause the rays of light coming from
an object or group of objects to converge
until at a fixed distance they form a
sharp, clear image. This distance is called
the focal length of the lens, and Is greater
or less according to the curvature of the
surfaces of the lens, being shorter in a
lens having strong curves and longer
when the curves are weak. If we were
to examine the whole of the picture
W. L DICKERSON
SUDDENLY DISAPPEARS
OAKLAND, Fob. 22.— Mrs. \V. L,. Dick
prson of 861 Cedar street reported the dis
appearance of her huaband to the police
this evfining. Mr. Dickerson left home on
Tuesday and has not been «een sine* Mr
Dickerson Is 53 years of age, five feet and'
eleven inches in height, end weighs 145
pounds. He has sharp features, brown
hair, a mustache, and short chin beard
somewhat gray, and wore a black coat'
with gray trousers, and a black overcoat
NEW NATIVE SONS' PARLOR.
The organization of a parlor of Native
Sons of the Golden "West, to be composed
of former members of the First California
Volunteers, is now an assured fact, as
was demonstrated at an enthusiastic meet
ing Wednesday night at Native Sons' Hall.
Over fifty prospective members of the new
parlor were present when Grand Organ
izer John A. Steinbach called the meeting
to order. Mr. Steinbach announced that
it v/ould be necessary to secure the sig
natures of 100 applicants to obtain the re
quired charter, and Temporary Secretary
P. L. Badt stated that ninety-four ex
volunteers had signified their intention
to Join the order. H. F. McGurren one
of the committee on organization who
was absent, had a list of forty more
An informal discussion was had as to
a proper name for the new parlor and
"Manna." "Philippine," "Army ' and
Navy" and others were suggested "Army
and Navy" sjeemed to meet with the most
favor. It was the sense of the raeetimr
that the members should include reiru
lars as well as volunteers who had en
listed for service in the late war but
if any such are now members of any n a r
lor they will not be permitted to trans
tc.r. The meeting was addressed by Tom
Dunphy, who was with Dewey's fleet and
an adjournment was taken until Monday
March 6. "'
FIGURE 4.
prisms with their bases or their edges
together, as the case may be. If the bases
are placed together rays of light passing
through each prism would cross at some
formed by such a single lens It would be
round that while the circular image is
quite large, only a small portion in the
ce i n o cr woul d appear sharply denneil.
while an ever-increasing amount of dis
tortion would appear from the center out
ward. W hile no photographic lens haa
ever yet been made which would give ab
solute sharpness over its entire image cir
cle the modern anastigmata designed by
Professor Abbe of Jena very nearly do so.
It will thus be seen that one of the most
valuable features of a lens is the ability
to produce a sharp, non-distorted imasjo
over the whole image circle, and the tnora
nearly a lens will do this the more valu
able It Is. Coupled with "covering power."
as It Is called, there should be rapidity.
The speed of a lens depends upon tha
number of rays of light which It will con
verge upon a given area. LJght proceed*
from every luminous object, equally In all
directions, hence all lenses having th*
same diameter will receive an equal
amount of light. It i.i the manner in
wbich the lens converges the light which
determines the speed. The photographic*
plate is affected more or less quickly us
the light which falls, upon it ?3 more or
less Intense. The Intensity of light varlea
Inversely with the square of the distance
from Its source. For practical purposes
wo may consider the source of light fall-
Ing upon the photographic plate to be %t
the lens. Then, supposing two lensea of
the same diameter and having the tame
size image circles to differ in focal length,
by one-half, according to the law of in
tensity the image formed by the lena hav
ing the shorter focus will be four times
as bright as the other, the illumination
will be four times as Intense and the lena
will secure a. picture in one-fourth tha
time required by the other.
For rapid photography, and this Includes
the greater part of amateur photography,
it is obvious that the lens should have tha
shortest possible focus and at the same
time bo able to produce a perfectly sharp
image over the whole plate. The difficul
ties of the optician begin when he at
tempts to combine these desirable fea
tures.
To return to our single convex lensi, a
portion of Its Indistinctness can b« dono
away with by placing an opaque stop,
with a small circular opening In It, in
front of the lens. The smaller the open-
Ing the larger the area of sharpness will
be. at the same time the volume of light
will be correspondingly reduced and the
lens made slower. The practical solution
Is the use of a stop of moderate size anl
a lens having an Image circle much larger
than the diagonal of the plate of the cam
era, thus allowing the indistinct portion
of the Image circle to fall outside the lim
its of the picture to be used. Under these
immutable conditions It will be seen that
only a lens of very limited speed can bo
had when the double convex form Is em
ployed. This Is the cheapest form of lena
made. The simple meniscus lena Is an Im
provement on the double convex form,
which it resembles, with the exceptioa
that the surface toward tho object 1*
curved Inward Instead of outward. This
Increases the area of sharpness In tho
Image circle and permits the use of a lena
at shorter focus and greater aperture.
The rays of light which fall upon the
portions of a lena farthest from the cen
ter and at the most oblique angles are th^
ones which are most acted upon by tha
lens, and which, unless some special pro
vision is made for them in the construc
tion of the lens, cause Indistinctness in
the image and make it necessary to shut
them out by means of stops; therefore tha
lens which can bring the greatest number
of these marginal rays to aid in the for
mation of a sharp image will be the most
rapid and give the least distorted Image
The next step in this process is the em
ployment of two lenses of different shapa
cemented together to form one lens. One
lens Is of crown glass with comparative
ly low refracting power and the other of
flint glass of great refractive action. Tha
resulting lens Is called an achromatic len*.
and is superior to either the double con
vex or meniscus, as Its image circle has m
larger sharply denned area and a much
shorter focus may be employed on the
same plate, thus giving greater speed.
These single achromatic lenses are alsn
made double convex and meniscus, of
which the meniscus is tho better. Havin<r
proceeded so far. It Is easy to see that
still further results can be obtained by
the proper combination of two achromatic
FIGURE 7.
lenses, constructed for the purpose. Into
one compound lens. The simplest form
Is that known as "rectilinear." In which
two meniscus achromatic lenses called
"systems" are mounted In a tube with
their concave surfaces facing each other.
The rectilinear len3 Is vastly superior
to the single lens, excelling In all the pro
perties which we have mentioned In con
nection with lenses. If all objects couM
be photographed at a distance of 100 feet
or more from the camera, single lenses
might do quite well, but when It is de
sired to make at one time sharp picture*
of all objects from immediately in front of
the lens to the greatest distance, it is im
portant to have a lens which will do so
without unduly reducing Its speed. Depth
of focus, as this property Is called. vari<?3
directly with the focus of the lens, being
greatest In the short-focus lenses. Tho
aepth of focus can be Increased In any
lens by "stopping It .down"— that is, cut
ting off the marginal rays and reducing
the speed. Rectilinear lenses have only
half the focal length of single lenses hav
ing the same image circle, hence are'
much more rapid, will make a much
larger picture and have greater depth of
focus. They also possess one other fea
ture- of greater importance— the ability to
reproduce straight lines correctly. In th*
single lenses the distortion of the imago
is such that when photographing a build
ing or other objects having parallel lines,
the lines appear crowded together at tha
margin of the picture, while in the rectili
near lena no such distortion occurs. Tho
rectilinear lens has Its defects, being
unable to reproduce lines at different
angles with equal distinctness.
In the manufacture of lenses a varia
tion of 1.000.000 th of an Inch is aa readily
detectable as a hand's breadth difference
In ordmary measurement. All defective
lenses are rejected. Herein ll*»s the snare
for the unwary purchaser. The unscru
pulous manufacturer may use lenses with
slight defects such as laymen could not
himself detect, with the result that the
purchaser of such a lens would find him
self with an Instrument from which It is
impossible to obtain the best results, al
though It may be apparently perfect. It
Is for this reason that only lenses by
makers of established Integrity should
ever b« considered.
COURSES OF INSTRUCTION.
Spring Term, 1900.
Mondays — American Political Par
ties.
Tuesdays — Twenty Lessons in
French Conversation and Recent Sci
entific Discoveries.
Wednesdays and Thursdays —
Golden Ages of Literature.
Fridays — Photography for Ama
teurs.
Saturdays — Biographical Studies
for Girls.
These courses will continue until
June 7, 1900. Examinations will ba
held at their close as a basis for the
granting of certificates.
MANY BEAUTIES OF
PARIS EXPOSITION
VABNEY GASKILL WRITES OF
PREVAILING CONDITIONS.
Says That Hotel Bates Will Be Only
Slightly Advanced and Parisians
Will Not Overcharge.
A communication has been addressed to
The Call by V. W. Gaskill, secretary of
the Paris Exposition Commission of 1900,
in which he writes about conditions as he
has found them to exist in Paris since his
residence In the French capital. He says:
"The exposition and palaces and pavil
ions and the adornments of the grounds
will present to visitors an ensemble ex
quisitely beautiful and commensurate
with the genius of artistic Paris and of
the world— all co-laborers in this majestic
apotheosis of the nineteenth century's
close.
"Regarding the alleged overcharge
by the Parisians for all the necessities of
life, I desire to state that there will be an
increase of present hotel rates of only 25
per cent on and after April 1. Prices will
range from $2 per day in the third-class
boarding houses; $3 per day in second
class hotels; $4 to $5 BO per day in small
first-class hotels; and $3 to $10 per day in
the larger first-class hotels in Waldorf-
Astoria style.
"The recently constructed hotels in the
Pasay district, which is contiguous to the
northwestern portion of the exposition
grounds, advertise the cost of sojourn
after April 15 for one person, $4 57 per
day; two persons, $4 30 per day, and three
persons, $4 per day, if all occupy the same
room. Rooms may also be had at a hotel
at an average of $1 50 per day, while nu
merous restaurants serve noon and even
ing meals at prices averaging 52 cents per
meal. The underground Metropolitan
Railway will be in operation soon and will
add greater locomotion facilities."
FIGURE 3.
would have apparently been bent more;
thus It Is that the greater the difference
between the density of the air and that
of the refracting substance the greater
the amount of refraction. Skillful opti
cians take advantage of this fact in the
construction of lenses, combining dense
and light glasses to give the greatest
amount of refraction with the least dis
persion of the light Into Its primary col
ors. The subject of dispersion is one of
great Interest to the photographer, but
one which would require a treatise In
itself to explain thoroughly, hence we
shall content ourselves with the statement
that If objects are viewed through a
prism they appear fringed with colors.
The same is true to a less extent If an
ordinary strong magnifying lens Is substi
tuted for the prism. "Were these color
fringes present, even In the smallest de
gree, in the Image formed by the photo
graphic lens they would cause Indistinct
ness and render the lens useless.
If a ray of light be allowed to pass
through a prism it will be found to pave
been refracted by the prism in such a
FIGURE 3.
manner that It is bent toward the thick
end. (See Fig. 3.) A lens is, In effect, two
Personal.
George A. Kellogg, secretary of the Eu
reka Chamber of Commerce and secretary
of the Shingle Manufacturing Association
of the same place, is registered at the
Grand.
ministration upon the will of Mrs. Jane A.
Badger, the widow of Captain Badger,
who died a few days ago. The will is a
mere scrawl upon a sheet of notepaper,
and is so badly written as to be unde
cipherable. The will seems to be an effort
to leave her property to her nurse, while
she has several nephews and nieces who
will claim her estate.
WILHELMINA HAVEMEYER
TO WED ANDREW STONE
EVENTS OF
THE SEASON
IN COURSING
Entries for the John Grace and
Belle Brandon Cup
Stakes.
Pythian Castle was crowded last night
witji coursing men interested In the draw
ing of the John Grace and the Belie Bran
don cup stakes, which are to be run at
Inion Coursing Park to-morrow and Sun
day. The drawing was watched with that
intense interest which characterizes the
big coursing events each year.
In the Belle Brandon cup etake, twenty
"ight puppies whelped In the past year
will compete for high stakes. The win
ner of the stake will receive $SO, the. run
ner up $50. the next two $30 each, the
next three $15 each, the next seven $5
each, the deg beaten by the winner in the
r.rst round $10 and the dog b«aten by the
runner up in the first round $10, making a
total of $290.
The winner of the John Grace cup stake
w:ll receive $750. the runner up $400, the
next three $200 each, the next two $100
each, the next four $70 each and the next
nine $35 each, making a total of $2145.
Added to this big sum le $110, to be de
voted to Fptcia.l prizes as follows: The
<lor beaten by the winner In the first
round $25, in the second round $25; dog
beaten by runner up in first round $20. in
the second round $20; dog beaten in first
round by winner of third prize $10, and
dog beaten in second round $10, making a
prand total of $2205.
The prizes were apportioned by the fol
lowing committee appointed by President
Robert Malcolm: H. H. Gray. R. E. de
I Lopez, Frank McOomb, Harry Perigo
and J H. Harrison. The money and the
list of entries in both events is larger
than at any time since the inauguration
nf the important annual stakes. The Un
ion Coursing Park management added
JICKS to the cum to be devoted as prizes.
Among the entries In the two Etakes are
roes from Ireland, England. Australia,
Minnesota. Texas and the cream of the
<r.ast kennels, thus making the meet the
most important In the history of the sport
in this country. It will be held under the
auspices nf the Interstate Coursing Asso
. iatlon of which Robert Malcolm is presi
dent, R. E. de B. Lopez vice president,
Ralph Taylor secretary and Sydney Smith
treasurer. Following is the result of the
drawings:
Belle Brandon challenge cup twenty-jlght
entrieW. H. Kleins Ladr Mulda vs. C. B.
O-.arleworth'B Ben Lomond; Curtis & bon s
King Cotton va. P. M. Clarkson's Flower of
Gold- J. Dean'n Alamo v«. F. Brown's Tam
nar.y; J. Dean's Conde vb. D. J. Healy'B N -
ra,io- T. J. Cronin's VUw vb. P. J. Rellly's
Willful Widow; P. J. Rellly's Moonbright vb.
P M Ol*rk*on'« Silver Cloud: I. H. Frank's
R*d Ann vb. R. Prtr.gle's Bannockburn; I. H.
Prank's Noma vs. P. M. Clarkson'B Golden
<;a.ri*r; George Netbereott's Freda O vs. T.
J Cronin's Daley Dale; W. C. Badge'; Glen
• '•Iff vs. W. C. Badge's Alameda Lad; Joe
t-rnith'* Lancashire Laas vb. F. Rchou s Lady
T.enkirk- George Nethercott's Floodgate vs.
R. K. <sV B. Lopez" m Crawford Rex; J. H.
Klein's Corrnada vs. C. B. Charlsworth's
Crawford Lass; M. C. Delano's Thorndale vs.
D. Reardon'a Mollle R.
John Grace challenge cup, seventy-two en
tries—R. L. Taylor'e Beauty Spot vs. Rusf>ell,
Allen «fc Wilsons Belle Clair; H. Lynch's Lex
ington vs. Curtis & Son's Beacon; Curtis &
Son's Luxor vs. T. J. McEnerney's Regina R;
D. J. Healey'g Maori Land vs. Curtis & Son's
Czs>h: Krwin & Lyon's Silver Lyon vs. E. M.
Kellogg's Sweet Emma: J. J. Edmonds' Morn-
Ing Glory vs. J. H. Rosseter's Recording Angel;
J. L. Ross' Jessica vs. J. H. Rossetor's Emm
Pasha; J. L. Ross" J L R vs. HaJl & Newell' s
Clara Barton; D. J. Healey's Sisquoc vs. H.
H. Gray's Rona; J. H. RoFseter's Royal Ann
vs. D. J. Healey's Lady Clare; Maher & Reid's
Bad Boy vs. Curtis & Son's Cavalier; F. A.
McComb's Motto vs. C. L. Appleb.Vs Sir Pasha;
Russell. Allen <fc Wilson's Master Clair vs. J.
R. Smith's Magic; Bartels Brothers' Macs Mel
ody ts. G. Abercromble's Victor King; G. Aber
cromble's Rock Island King vs. Maher &
Reid s Uncle Fuller: Connell Brothers' Mamie
Pleasant vs. F. A. McComb's Royal Flush; C.
B. CharUworth's Crawford Braes vs J II
Perigo's Bohe; P. J. Reilly's Royal Union vs.
Sterl & Knowles' Sleety Mist; N. P. Whiting's
St. Anthony vs. Connell Brothers' St. Helen;
?,-. H t ndy B Twln Cit >' Girl vs. P. J. Rwlly's
Warship; Lowe & Thompson's Flora McDonald
ye J. Watkins' Gladiator; X. P. Whiting's
Mlnneola vs. P. Horgan's Manila; James Sheri
dan c Forest King vs. J. H. Harrison's Hot
il&Kte: J. Dean's Connemara vs. R X Mal
com's Aeneas; Russell. Allen & Wilson's Chi
cago Boy vs. H. Lynch's Lottie M; J O'Shea's
Joung America vs. Irwin & Lyons' May Queen-
M-, M . C s n^*' B . St ° ne A«i«' vs. Curtis & Son's
Maud b; Curtis & Son's Vanity Fair vs E. M
Kel cg£s Kid McCoy; R. E. de B. Lope* &
Lad vb. J. H. Rowetex-s Rol
licking Ains; T. J. McEnerney's Nora vs. E.
George Whitney's Theron vs.
n£* m A * I riyln * Fox: °" Abercromble's
Rock leland Boy v». R. c. de B. Lopez &
Son's Whitehead; Sterl & Knowles' For Glory
vs Curtis & Son's Vulcan; D. Ersku/s t!7
e . / oBo 8 ' L**** & Thompson's Bt. Oran; Cur
tis & Son's Narcissuu vs. J. H. Perigo'e Con
pTowboy Thrtft ' 8 Bru t«« vb. P. J Reiliy'B
COURSING AT INGLESIDE.
An Excellent Card to Be Run on Sat-
urday and Sunday Next.
The following card will be run off at
Ingleside Coureing Park to-morrow and
bunday:
F. yon Sooeten's Magnet vb. E. McCormack's
\ alley Forge; J. McEnroe's Nor' west vs J
Perry's Commodore Nagh; W. Stark's Thun
derbolt vs. T. Lendewlg's Lady Garnet; Kay
Bros ' Lady Ethel vs. T. J. McHugh's Empress;
E - M. Kellogg s lowa Maid vs. J. I. O'Brien's
Good Times; F. Moran's Bit of Fashion vs J
Ronning's Dempeey Lass; W. Perry's Cam
panla vs. J. O' Shea's Young Firenzl; Dr
Old Olory. J. McEnroes Admiral Sampson vs
Kay Bros.' Dudley Diamond; Caveney & JoyJ 0 y' 6
a B - A w b AusUn ' ! LOBL 08 Angeles; J.
O Dowd s Ehootover vs. R. Strehfs Three
Cheers; T. J. McHugh's Moss Rose vs. r!
Doyle. Wild Monarch; T. Gaffney's Sir John
Arnot vs. Connell Bros.' Green Isle; A. John
sons Lowlander vs. Bartel Bros.' Beer Brewer-
T. Butter'B Susie vs. E . Caswrly^ £ilence :
Russell Ajlen & Wilson's Charming Belt vs!
M. Dimlea's Erin; Captain Cane's Greenhall
vs. Connell Bros.' Clover; D. Byrnes' Molly
Hogan vs. Connell Bros." Log Boy J I
O'Brlen*B Wandering Tom vs. T. L. Logan's
Leah; Russell, Allen & Wilson's Miss Penman
\f. C. E. Wiley's Merry Monarch; E. M Kel
logg s lowa Boy vi>. j. McCormack'a Proud
Beauty; T. J. Logan's Miss Grizzle vs. M
Tlernan s Kijdare; J. P. Thrift's Forget vs. T
<,affneyß !• a lFe Flatterer: J. Haggerman's Lily
H vs. J. P. Thrift's St. Michael; XV. J Brown
«m' ? elle , vs - J - Swerßon'B Gold
O' ;£-^ I\V H A an i e vs - Sterl * Knowles'
O~ara. R. Attridge's Masterpiece vs. E. M.
Kellogg g Ben s Babe; Connell Bro*.' Kill Kelly
viL T Sullivan's Maid of the Hill; H A.
Deekelman s Flyaway va. J McCormlrkK
Black Beauty; Connell Bros.' Master mSSTv.
H i Ga H an U J .V, A ' Deckclman's Rocker
D. Toland .« Twilight Jr. ; H. A. Deckel-
EV" 5 / r T rin , ccc c George vs. Bartels Bros.' Baron
Blood: J. McNeil's Black Hawk vs. T. Len
dewig's White Chief; A. L. Austin's Firm Foe
\». Connell Bros.' Good Bye; Kay Bros' Ada'
vs. Rußsell Allen & Wilson's Palmflower; D.
I>H>nard s Mayflower vb. H A Deckel ma n'n
Snapshot; R. Pringle'. Honor Bright v»? M B
Kavanagh s Hard Lines; H. Strehl's Jimmy
Cook vs. L. Hoffman's Prairie Boy; J. Flower s
Keystone vs. Sterl & Knowles' Olita; A. John
jon s Tod Sloan vs. E. Casserly's Lady
Blanche. '
I H.— THE PHOTO GBAPHIC ILENS.
BY L* B. ELLIOTT.
(Rochester. N. V.)
Every one is more or less familiar with
the action of a lens, yet an air of misti
ness always seems to surround this most
essential part of the photographer's out
fit. The fundamental principles on which
lenses are constructed and which govern
their use are. not at all difficult to under
stand. The action of a lens in forming
a picture depends upon. the fact that light
travels In straight lines until it meet?
.with an obstruction, and if the obstruction
Is one through' which light can pass— i. c..
transparent— the ray will be bent out of
Its course while passing through the svb-
' stance and again-diverted when it emerges
into the air. This phenomenon constitutes
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1900.
CONTROLLER
CAPTURED A
GOOD STAKE
J. H. Perigo's Dog Showed
Great Specd — Betting Was
Very Lively*
An ideal day and an excellent card drew
a large crowd to Union Coursing Park
yesterday. The midwinter stake of sixty
four entries proved a strong inducement
to the sporting men to wager and
throughout the day four boxes were kept
busy handling money. The stake was re
markable for the evenness of the betting.
Not more than twice during the afternoon
did the betting go over 5 to 1.
The showing of J. H. Perigo's Control
ler, the stake winner, was a revelation.
On two occasions he gladdened the hearts
of short-enders by landing flags. Random
Aim showed great speed and but for his
heavy fall he woulu not have been put
out by Blacklock. Hummer also showed
to advantage and at one stage looked a
stoke winner. The backers of Soft Goods
thi> imported Australian dog. were disap
pointed at his showing. Although the dog
has cleverness it only displayed an aver
age amount of speed.
Following is the way the dogs ran and
the number of points scored in each
course:
First round— D. Winder's Risky Attempt beat
J. M. Halton's Corlns Flashlight 14—4; P. Mo-
Cabes Sky Blue beat Jeff Martinet's Bernal
Boy. ¦*— 0; M. London's Magneto beat S. Ma
honey's Chief ot tho Hill, S— 4: P. Retlly's Ex
pense beat J. L. Rose's Just Tip. 3—l; 11. E. Je
B. Lopez & Son's Wanda beat \V. F. Hobb's
Mercy May. 4-2; F. A. McComb's Little Sister
beut Tr. Leonard's Maj flower, 3—2; J. H.
Perigo's Controller beat E. Baumelster's Win
ning Ways, 5—4; R. Stahl's Three Cheers beat
J. Murnane's Wildwood, a-2; Pasha Kennels'
Rest Assured beat T. Sullivan's Maid of the
Hill, 6-0; R. E. de B. Lopez's Green Valley
Maid beat E. & R. Scott's Lord Byron, 3—l;
Curtis & Son's Commodore beat D. Hooper's
Moree Patrol. IS-2: E. M. Kcllogg's Hummer
beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Soft Goods, 7—3; J.
M. Halton's Tic Tac beat Panha Kennels'
Sylvia 4—2: J. Kronan's Royal Oak beat Pasha
Kennels May Hcmpstead, 4—l: J. Kee nun's
Blacklock beat J. Kennedy's Wine West, s—o;
J. Kennedy's Night Time beat Jeff Martinet's
Bill Foster. 11—3; p. Reilly's Master Mat beat
Gus Abercromble's Miss Rabbit, &— 0; Curtis &
Son s Terronite beat F. A. McComb's Walt a
?? u > ,8— -• P- Reilly's Richmond Queen beat M.
J. O Nell's Pat Reilly. 6-1; D. Winder's Ran
dom Aim beat R. K. de B. Lopez & Son's
Fepita, 4—o; Curtis & Son's McKinley beat J.
\\atklns' Merciful, 12—6; P. Murphy's Morning
fctar beat Aeneid Kennels' Agamemnon, 4—3;
Pasha Kennels 1 Re-Annex beat Maher & Reid's
Nellie Bawn, 3—l; J. Dickson's Black Bess
beat F. A. McComb's Bona Klde, 6—o; F A
McComb's Miss Skyrocket beat Dr. Leonard's
Master Lawrence, 5—3: Aeneid Kennels' Athena
beat A. J. Kemp's Remember Me, 6—o; J
Mooney's Silent Treasure beat J. Kennedy's
Ever Sure, 5-3; E. Geary's Bonnie Pasha beat
J. 11. Perigo's Lady Davenport, 7—2; Curtis &
ton's Maud S beat Jeff Martinet's Slim. 3—2;
R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's Wonder beat Maher
& Reid's Singleton, 6—o; E. Baumelster's War
rior beat F. A. McComb's Sweet Favordale
6—o; J. O'Dowd's Shootover beat F. A. Mc-
Comb's Motto, 5—2.
Second round— Risky Attempt beat Sky Blue
3—o; Magneto beat Expense, 6—o; Wanda beat
Little Sister. 4—o; Controller beat Three Cheers
5-2; Green Valley Maid beat Rest Assured!
3—2; Hummer beat Commodore. 6—o; Royal Oak
beat Tic Tac. 8-3; Blacklock beat Night Time.
6—4; Viait a Bit beat Master Mat. 6—l; Ran
dom Aim beat Richmond Queen • 3—o- McKln
ley beat Morning Star, s—o; Annex beat Black
Bess, 6-2; Miss Skyrocket beat Athena, 6-2:
Silent Treasure beat Bonnie Pasha, 6—O; (Maud
S withdrawn); Wanda beat Pepita, 3—2- Shoot
over beat Warrior. 9— L
Third round-Risky Attempt beat Magneto
8-2; Controller beat Wanda, 6—o; Hummer
beat Green Valley Maid, 6— i; Blacklock beat
Random Aim, 4-0;. Wait a Bit beat Royal Oak
6—o; McKinley beat Re-Annex, 5—4; Silent
Treasure beat Miss Skyrocket. 16—13; Wanda
beat Khcotver. 3—2.3 — 2.
Fourth round— Controller beat Risky Attempt
3—2; Hummer beat Blacklock. 3—o; Wait a Bit
beat McKinley, 7—6; Silent Treasure beat
v» anda, 4—o.4 — 0.
Fifth round— Controller beat Hummer. B— 3;
Silent Treasure beat Walt a Bit. 3—l
Final— Controller beat Silent Treasure, 4— S.
HAWKER WINS THE CUP.
Kay Bros.' greyhound Hawker won the
valuable cup stake at Ingleside yesterday,
defeating J. O'Shea's Young America, the
stake favorite, after an undecided course.
Golden Rule had a severe course In tho
first round, as did Sylvanus, and both
were retired In the second round. Brutus
had a long course In the third round,
spoiling any chances he may have had.
The attendance was large. One of the
incidents of the day was a single-handed
course, in which a fox terrier was the only
starter. He killed to the Intense amuse
ment of the spectators. The summary:
P. Horyan's Lucretla Borgia beat Connell
Brothers' Mamie Pleasant; H. A. Deckelman's
Glen Chloe beat T. J. McHugh's Moss Rose-
D. Toliuid's Pleasant Girl beat p. McCabe's
Boney Boy; P. Korean's Manila beat J P
Thrift's St. Michael; H. A. Deckelman'u Rocker
beat J. Holden's Scottish Chief; J. McEnroe's
Maidc Circle beat H. Lynch's Lottie M- E. M.
Kellog-s'B Ben's Babe beat J. J. Edmonds'
Morning Gloryt J. Carroll's Auckland beat Rus
sell. Allen & Wilson's Palmflower; H. Lynch's
Lexington beat J. McEnroe's Btonehenge- J
Dean's Gallant beat C. C. Morris' Old Olory
Frank X. Foley's Gl«n Roy beat Sterl &
Knowles' Ollta; S. H&ndy'a Twin City Girl
beat A. Johnson's Tod Sloan; Lowe & Thomp
son's Klnr's Borderer beat J. McEnroe's Ad
miral Kampßon; T. Murphy's Tea Rose beat
J. R, Smith's Victor; J. O'Shea's Young Amer
ica beat H. Lynch's Benlcla Boy; Connell
Brothers' St. Helen beat J. Kieman's Bowery
Boy; Connell Brothers' Log Boy beat Lowe &
Thompson's Bagpiper; R. E. de B. Lopez's
Diablo beat Bartels Brothers' Baron Blood" J
O* Shea's Golden Rule beat Connell Brothers'
Good-by; Kay Brothers' Hawker beat J. I. '
O'Brien's Wandering Tom; J. P. Thrift's Bru
tus beat A. Johnson's Lowlander; E. M. Kel
logg's lowa Maid beat D. Dillon's Lady Hugo-
J. R. Smith's Sylvanus beat Russell, Allen &
Wilson's Victor Boy; Bartels Brothers' Beer
Brewer beat J. I. O'Brien's Statesman.
Second round— Lucretla Borgia beat Glen
Chloe; Pleasant Girl beat Manila; Magic Circle
beat Rocker; Auckland beat Ben's Babe; Gal
lant beat Lexington; Glen Roy beat Twin City
Girl; Tea Roce beat King's Borderer; Young
America beat St. Helen; Diablo beat Log Boy
Hawker beat Golden Rule; Brutus beat lowa
Maid: Beer Brewer beat Sylvanus.
Third round— Lucretla Borgia beat Pleasant
Girl; Mas:le Circle beat Auckland: Glen Roy
beat Gallant: Young America beat Tea Rose-
Hawker beat Diablo; Brutus beat Be«- Brewer'
Fourth round— Lucretia Borgia beat Magic
Circle: Young America beat Glen Roy; Hawker
beat Brutus.
Fifth round— Young America beat Lucretla
Borgia; Hawker a bye.
Final— Hawker beat Younp America,
OAKLAND. Feb. 22.— The formal announcement of the engagement of
Miss Wilhelmina Havemeyer of Chicago and Andrew L. Stone of this
city will be made to-morrow at a dinner to be given by Mrs. J. C. Tuck
er at the Hotel Metropole. The engagement is already being discussed
by society as the most important r.ewa of the week, for both Mr. Stone
and his fiancee are socially prominent, and to-morrow's announcement
will not be a surprise.
Miss Havemeyer, who Is a niece of the New York sugar king, is the daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Havemeyer of Riverside, Chicago. She came to
Oakland in December last to act as bridesmaid for her cousin, Miss Male
Tucker, now Mrs. A. S. Macdonaid, and has since been the recipient of many
social attentions in Oakland's most exclusive set. Miss Havemeyer is promi
nent in Eastern social circles, and is a tall, distinguished appearing young
woman of many accomplishments.
Mr. Stone is one of Oakland's most prominent business men. and is quite
as well known in social and club circles. He Is considered one of the wealth
iest young bachelors In Oakland, being a large stockholder in the Oakland,
San Leandro and Haywards electric road and a member of the contracting
firm known as the E. B. & A. L. Stone Supply Company, the largest contract
ing and supply firm in Alameda bounty. He has been largely identified with
the building up of the town of Elmhurst and the country between Oakland and
San Leandro. He owns a large amount of property along the road between
Oakland and Haywards and has for years been interested in the insurance
business, holding the control of many large companies in Oakland. He Is
prominent politically, having served a term as Tax Collector. He is a member
of all the Oakland clubs and of one or two prominent club 3 in San Francisco.
NEW MAJOR OF THE
FIFTH INFANTRY, N. G. C.
OAKLAND, Feb. 22.— The election of Charles T. Poulter to be major In
the Fifth Infantry Regiment, National Guard of California, leaves
Company A of the same regiment without a captain. The new major
had filled that position for eight years, having been eleven years In
continuous service of that command. Major Poulter's military record
in the State guards began with his enlistment In Company A In January,
18S9. A year and a half later he was elected second lieutenant, and In Feb
ruary, 1892, he was prompted to be first lieutenant. He was chosen captain
nine months later and has been re-elected four times.
Major Poulter has been an active and popular officer with the men of his
command and he has made Company A one of the crack organizations of
the National Guard. He has been specially Interested In rifle practice and
holds several medals won at State competitive shoots.
There will be an election for captain of Company A on March 1. First
Lieutenant Edward G. Hunt has no opposition for promotion. Second Lieu
tenant W. J. Downie will contest with Dwight L. Strong for advancement
to the first lieutenancy.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallal
on Application.
COAL. COKB AND PIO JROX
J. C- WILSON & Co.,Ter P^r r Ma?n re Hk
COPPERSMITH.
JOfiETH FOX, Eupt. H. BLTTH. Mrr.
C TL T CITITH Ehlp . Plumblnc, Steamboat
t - N - J. il l [1 , and 6hip Work a Specialty. W
and IS WaFfclrurton tt. Telephone Main 6641.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lIC CrtVCC £ rtl Fhipplnr Butcher*, 104
JA> DUIC3& Ul-t Clay. Tel. Main 12M.
FURS.
J. .'. LUrjIAU, ,^;., iowvtt prlcn, f«mod*!lnf.
PXPBX DEALERS.
WIT I IMFTTP PU"* AND PAPER CO..
W ILL AiIIC 1 IE 7n Montgomery «t.
PIiINTUiX
V C fTTfiHFS PRINTER.
STATIONED AND PRINTER.
Tfl S lc PABTRIBGE **°%£F %
•No returns.
Donovan Loses the Go.
BUFFALO, N. V., Feb. 22.— Mike Dono
van, of Rochester lost the decision in a
twenty-round boxing contest with Jim
Ferns of Kansas City at the Hawthorne
Annex to-night; In the nineteenth round
Ferns scored a clean knock-down with a
right swing on the ear and although Don
ovan'came up quickly he weathered the
round . with difficulty. Donovan did not
have a 'mark' at' the close while Ferns*
nose was bleeding freely.
GOLFERS OUT
IN FORCE AT
SAN RAFAEL
Council's Cup Contest and
a Handicap at the
Presidio.
There -was a good attendance at the golf
tournament held yesterday on the San Ra
fael links. The.new.'elghteen-hole course
was opened and was In excellent condi
tion. The events were "handicap compe
titions for men and for women against
Bogey, and driving and approach-putting
contests for players of either, sex. In tha
men's handicap, over ' eighteen holes,
Colonel Bogey was set at 47 46-93, It.
Gilman Brown was scratched with 23
above Bogey, Baron A. yon Schroeder and
J. J. Crooks received 38, George Heazelton,
R. J. Davis and C. P. Pomeroy received
45; A. A. Curtis and S. H. Boardman re
celved 57 and Dr. H. O. Howitt and H. M.
Wallis received 65. S. 11. Boardman won,
being even up; Baron Alex yon Schroeder
was second with one down, C. P. Pomcroy
came in two down, R. J. Davis 6 down,
A. A. Curtis was nine down and the rest
did not make any returns.
In the women's nine-hole handicap Miss
A. C. Hoffman of the San Francisco Goli
Club was scratch, her bogey being 71,
Mrs. R. Gilman . Brown received two
strokes from Miss Hoffman, Miss Morgan
received nine- strokes, Miss T. C. Morgan
and Mrs. Denis Donohoe received seven
teen, Mrs. J. T. Burke received twenty
four and Mrs. A. A. Curtis twenty-six.
Mrs. R. Gilman Brown won with two up.
her score by strokes being 75; Miss A. C.
Hoffman was second with two down, Mfss
T. C. Morgan was nine down and the oth
ers handed in no returns.
In the women's driving contest eacii
competitor drove five balls. Miss A C.
Hoffman won with a drive of 128 yards
with the roll, another of her attempts be
ing 119 yards; Mrs. R. G. Brown was sec
ond with 115 yards. In the approach-put
ting contest each competitor played three
balls from a distance of forty yards and
three from a distance of seventy-five
yards, the one who holed the six balls in
the fewest strokes winning. Mrs. R. G.
Brown and Miss Morgan tied, with 23
strokes each; Mrs. F. §. Johnson's score
was 24 and Miss A. C. Hoffman's 26. On
playing off the tie Miss Morgan won with
23 strokes.
The men's driving competition was won
by Baron Alex yon Schroeder with a drive
of ICO yards, R. Gilman Brown being sec
ond. The following also competed: F. S.
Johnson, George Heazelton, J. J. Crooks,
R. J. Davis, S. H. Boardman. C. P. Pom
eroy and H. M. Wallis. Each competitor
drove five balls, the clear carry only be
ing counted. There was some little wind
blowing against the balls.
On the Presidio links the semi-flnal
round of the Council cup competition for
men was played in the morning, S. L. Ab
bot Jr. beating ,E. J. McCutcheon 5 up
3 to play, and R. H. Gaylord defeating A.
C. Bingham 9 up 8 to play. The final round
was played in the afternoon. S. L. Abbot
Jr. defeating R. H. Gaylord 4 up 3 to play,
and winning a replica in miniature of the
cup and the honor of •¦ having his name,
score, etc., inscribed* on the trophy.
An clghteen-hole handicap competition,
open to all members except .the winner
and runner-up for the Council's cup. at
tracted seventeen entries, the winner be
ing Mr. Blackman; with a score of 110 less
18—92, Charles Page being second with a
score of 99 less 5—94. The scores are given
in the table: ,
SAN FRANCISCO GOLF CLUB-MEN'S HAN
DICAP.
7
Blackman ..'
C. Page ............
H. V. PlUsbury
H. Golcher ....
L. Clienpry
J. W. 8yrne............
W. Ames.
H. J. Gallagher......'..
C. P. Eells
M. 8. Severance
E. J. MeCutchen
A. C. Blngham
Edwards
C. P. Mulllns
Blnny
J. A. .Watt
Chrlstlanpon
COMPETITORS.
c** c a 5 a. :
o . B-O. >:¦. ;J. : .
: : : p :
68 52 I 110 1 IS 1 .92
49 60 99 5 9t
43 "60 08 ' " S 85
.66 63 109 .14 95
63 58 111 15 96
60 ,62 102 ¦ 5 97
65 67 112 15 97
52 54 105 • 8 98
65 E6 111 12 99
58 60 118 18 100
.52 54 106 5 101
'67 55 112 10 102
61 59 12i) IS 102
63 51 114 11 103
M 68 116 12 104
•
Blackman ..'
C. Page ............
H. V. PlUsbury
H. Golcher ....
L. Clienpry
J. W. 8yrne............
W. Ames.
H. J. Gallagher......'..
C. P. Eells
M. 8. Severance
E. J. MeCutchen
A. C. Blngham
Edwards
C. P. Mulllns
Blnny
J. A. .Watt
Chrlstlanpon
COMPETITORS.
c** c a 5 a. :
o . B-O. >:¦. ;J. : .
: : : p :
68 52 I 110 1 IS 1 .92
49 60 99 5 9t
43 "60 08 ' " S 85
.66 63 109 .14 95
63 58 111 15 96
60 ,62 102 ¦ 5 97
65 67 112 15 97
52 54 105 • 8 98
65 E6 111 12 99
58 60 118 18 100
.52 54 106 5 101
'67 55 112 10 102
61 59 12i) IS 102
63 51 114 11 103
M 68 116 12 104
•SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Ban Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night la the year.
BRAXCII OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
S^O Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C 39 McAllister street: open until 9:39 p. m.
«15 Larkin street; open until 5:30 p. m.
IS4I Mission street; cpen until 10 p. m.
_a llnrket street, comer Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh rtreet: cpen until 9 p. m.
IPS 6 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
1223 folk street; cpen until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. rf * -.
T., Xo. £ I'oft st.— Stau-d assembly j«-»i' j '
THIS EVLXIXG. 7:30 o'clock. Order lfj|
of the Temjile. All fraters cordially in- "^S^
%'ited. By order of the Eyi. Com.
HIKAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
TERBA BUENA Lodee of Perfection
Xo. I— Meeting THIS (FRIDAY A
EVDXIXG. at £ o'cl<x*U. D. 9. J_\
GEO. J. HODE. Secretary- <Ssff
EXCELSIOR Lodge Xo. 16C. F. and A. •
ll.— Special meeting FRIDAY. Feb. ~^\_
IS. at 1:80 o'clock p. m., for the purpose TSX
of conducting the funeral of oar de-*^^
ceased brother. JOHX EVE THOMAS, lute
a member of Mount Edgcumber LoiJge, Cam-
brone, England. Friends are respectfully in-
vited. By order of the Master.
THEO. E. SMITH. Secretary.
APOLLO Locge Xo. 13, I. O. O. F. w«_Qt__.
—Double Initiation THIS (FRI- i^^^ffii
PAY) EVENING. February 13.
lnst.. S o'clock. Full attendance «~»~
requested. Visitors cordially invited.
W. A. LIXBAUGH, N. O.
W. F. NORCROSS. Rec. Sec.
COURT Star of the Mission Xo. 7197.
A. O. F.— Dear sirs and brothers: You <*V
are respectfully invited to attend the jf'S
funeral of our late brother, HEXRY fli »
DOWNIE. Past Chief Ranger, at O'Connor's
undertaking parlors 767 Mission St.. at 8:30
a. m.. FRIDAY. Feb. 23. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery-
HEXRY F. JEXD. Chief Ranger.
GEO. E. FLIXT. Secretary-
BT. ANDREW'S SOCIETY-OPEN v Ov
meeting on MONDAY EVKXINO. rv» S 0/1
tCth Inst.. at Scottish Hall. 117 Lar- "tXXi*
kin Et. Memtwrs and friends invited.
WILLIAM BALNWVES, President. I
A. R. PATTERSON. Secretary.
THE California Debris Comml— -lon having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from A. B. Jacks In the Badger Hill
mine, near Spanish Ranch, Plumas County,
to deposit tailings in Whltlock ravine; from
Manuel Leal, in the Union mine, in New
York Township, Yuba bounty, to deposit
tailings on Xew York Flat; from Walter n.
Peterson. In the Manila Placer mine, near
Igo. Shasta County, to deprsit tailing* in a
worked-out pit, and from the Cherokee
0 ravel end Gold Mining Company. In the
Cherokee gravel mine, near Carters. Tuo-
lumne County, to deposit tailings In Bear |
Creek, gives notice that a meeting will be
fceM at room C 9. Flood building. San Fran-
plsco. Oil., on March S. 1900. at 1:30 p. ro.
ASTROLOGY.
FROF. V MASERY of Egypt, greatest astrolo-
rist end palmist in the world; satisfaction
guaranteed. 437 Golden Gate aye.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.-
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free: no charge- unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 527 Market St., opp. Mason.
F. H. MERZBACH. attorney at law, has re-
sumed rractice at EOS- Cal. St., Clunie bldg.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckeis bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket st.; consultation free; no fees in. advance.
BOARDING STOB CHILDREN.
PRIVATE family will board child I years and
over: eunny yard; terms $10. 8344 Valencia.
BOOKS—NEW AND OLD.
BTHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Hnlm e» Book Co.. 7C4 Mission «t.. rear Third.
UOO'I A\U Mlur. IJAUtvAIASf.
6EXD for our price list: It's chuck full of bar-
gams: we pay the freight on country orders.
PEOPLE'S fc-HOE STORE. 1303 ttockton St..
near Broadway.
BUSINESS CIIAXCKS.
. '..-I- . 1
A— S33O; CORKER grocery and bar; living !
room; rent $15; very best location on Twenty- j
second st.; stock will invoice $700; rare bar- I
fain. Call R. G. WILKE, Sv6 Market gt., j
room 6.
A $1500 GROCERY store; in best location in the |
Mission; 3 living rooms; bath; rent $20; a
rare chance for good paying business. Call !
R. G. WILKE. room S. &06 Market st. ;
A— TZOOO; SALOOX, located on Market and Pow- !
ell sts. ; *Ktab!is=hed years; doing a first-class |
paying business; rent $100. no better place or ;
location In this city. Call R. G. WILKE, &uti !
Market St., room S.
A— S'loo; DAIRY and route; 13 cows. 4 horses. I
1 milk waeon. 1 cart. etc. ; Include 10 acres J
crop of barley hay; business established 20 | .
year:-. R. G. WILKE. &06 Market St.. rm. 8. j .
A— s33o; RESTAURANT and chop house on j
Stockton ft. ; establ. many years and clearing |
above $130 per menth. Call room 8, 906 Mar- |
Ket ft. R. G. WILKE. | .
A— sS3o;' DELICACY and dairy business, kept : '
by present owner for 9 years; a splendid busl- j
nets; offer; place clearing about $30 per mo. I
&06 Market St.. room 8. R. G. WILKE. j .
A— s4soo: CORKER grocery, on or.c of the prin- I 3
cipal business street* of this city: first-class I
X<aying; enly cash trade; Ftock all fresh; will {
Invoice the price; a splendid and rare chance, i •
Particulars. R. G. WILKE. &06 Market st.. I '
room 6. '
A— $1800; SALOOX: choice location on Kearny ]
Ft. ; splendid business offer. Call R. G. '
WILKE. room 8. SO6 Market et.
A— $1100; BAKERY en Polk St.; baking 1H J
barrels: all store trade; dally receipts above
Pi rent $2S. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
A-$300; FRUIT store, with living rooms, on •
Polk Ft.; splendid paying business and good
ftock on hand. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market. j •
A SALOOX on water Irtmt. with 4 years' lease; j
fine fixtures; Urge stock; rushing business;
no better location on East St.; splendid -
chance. R. G. WiLKE. SO6 Market »t.
KOADHOL'PE wanted: north of S. F. preferred;
must be cheap tor cash; not over S acres land.
$30— Partner war.ted; fine chance; good '
burlnesn.
We want 7 lodging houses; from 10 to CO •
rooms; cash buyers.
What business have you to sell? We have
cash buyers for all kinds of business; from '
S2OO to $2i00; saloons, cigar stores, fruit '
stores, small farms and large ones.
We want your stores and houses to rent: j
will attend to them promptly and cheaper
than any one else in the city; will collect •
your rents for you, *tc.
COLUMBIA REALTY CO.. 916 Market, r. 63.
FIRST-CLASS saloon, on Kimy st. ; mint for :
right party; cheep: see Liquor Dealers' Jour-
nal. lZ»ht California St.. room 1. •
$4000- FIRST-CLASS saloon, best part of town,
cheap rer.t, long iea?*, viands Investigation; •
worth rrooo. Ca'.l at Liquor Dealers' Journal. ;
J3314 California St.. room 1.
BARGAIX— Grocery and bar cheap. Liquor I "
Dealers' Journal. '33^ California St., room 1.
FOR bargains in sr.loons, groceries and bars. '
cigar stores, restaurants, oyster houses,
branch bakeries. l-ySging houses, 10 to 100 :
rooms. Be* J. 11. CHISEI & CO.. 79 Third st.
A— tltO; BRAXCH bakery and coffee saloon near ,
Market st.; a bargain. M. LESS. 76S Market. '
SSOO— RESTAURANT: established for 20 years; )
guaranteed to clear $12T. a month: owner going
out of business. M. LESS. 7C5 Market st.
GROCERY and bar; full stock, with rooms; '
corner: bargain. COWING & CO.. 1130 Mkt. .
CAXDY and bakery; best in city: cause, sick- 1
ness. COWING A CO.. 1130 Market et.
BA RISER shop; ZZ<i; 2 chairs; clears $10 a week; '
good rraFon for selllnc M. GRIFFIN 719 -
Market ft.. Call building. ]
AX established fancy dry goods business; £iol •
ft iH°, n » : w rea!>oll&ble rent - Apply at once to I
WILLIAM AliliOTT, 1037 Market St.. bet.
6 and C p. m. •
RESTAURANT; pcod business; first-class loca-
tion; cheap; reason for telling, other busl- :
new IX, Fourth st.
FIRST-CLASS saloon; fine fixtures; good busl- 3
-J n l s^. : _^£L??:!l£ hh _ ea ?- Box 10S4 - CaJl office.
TO LET— Cafe privilege at Lurllne Baths Bush
and Larkin sts. Apply on premises.
PARTXER-SIOO cash, balance on Ume~n~oid
eftablished saloon; investigate. 7J Third gt.
ffZSTACBAXT for sale: only one IrTreach of
4 factories employing 10C3 people: restaurant
seats 87; aiso yard with 13 chickens; cause "
slcknesy. 60S Seventh st. ' J
FOR wile— Good paying restaurant near the
water front: rent paid till March 10. Incuire
at 12 WaFhinston et. squire
FOR sale— Old-established restaurant; good
. btiF.Jneas; cheap; sickness. ¦ Box 4268, Call.
TO let— Barber shop. 2 chairs; rent cheap
Apply 24C>4 Seventh rt.
CAXDY store and factory wanted; principals
only: must be in city. Box 42C6, Call of3ee.
BARBER shop, 15c, for sale; barcaln If sold
this week. Apply 1327 Pacific st.
EMALL fruit rtor» tor eale: cheap. ICOO Mis- I
kit 4. *U
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
ATTENTION^ SELLERS^
List whatever you have for eale
with me. I can sell for cash.
1 will advertise It free for you.
I want no exclusive contract.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.. opp. Fifth.
$150— BUTTER and egg store In large market;
$10 to $30 a day; must sell. Decker. 1020 Mkt.
WAXTED— A contractor and builder, to take
an Interest and give a general management
In securing and executing contracts for a
fireproof construetlon that has been thorough-
ly established and earning large dividends.
Address J. IC. box 4237, Call office^
FOR sale— Half interest In first-class delicates-
sen to bricht young German who thoroughly
understands the buslne-s; none others need
npply: easy terms; references. Apply \VIE-
LAND BROS.. 121 Clay st.. S. F.
EMALL, but good paying shoe store; also work-
shop; work enough to employ 2 steady men;
must sell cheap, account of returning to Eu-
rope. MATTERN & MOORE. 23 New Mont-
gomery st. •
CAPE Nome— We want parties with small cap-
ital who desire to co to Cape Nome and work
our valuable claims. Particulars address
Jl anager. 63? Market, room 1. San Francisco.
MARTIN ARONPOHN, Notary Public— Office
with A. M. Speck & Co., real estate, C 67 Mar-
ket Et.. cor. Third; telephone Main C99S; real-
denca 2103 Geary st.
FOR rent— Large basement saloon; fine locitlon
downtown: newly fitted up; electric lights;
low rent: furniture, fixtures and stock for $100.
WM. HENDRICKSON A CO.. 614 Call bldg.
WAXTED— Young man handy with tools as
partner In poultry business; good monthly In-
come. Box 2708, Call office, Oakland.
NEW bakery or laundry; S-can milk wagon; 2-
seated spring wagon; 3 grocery or delivery
wagons. 22 Cortland aye.
OLD established restaurant for sale; either
half Interest or as a whole. Address box 2706.
Call office. Oakland.
WAXTED— Notion and variety store; must be
cheap. Box 26.t2, Call office.
ROUTE of S4< papers on this paper for kale.
Box 6. Oakland Postofflce.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL A CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st.
A BRAXCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 122S Polk st.: open till 9 o. m.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
TO close estate the stock of ZOO new and seo-
ond-hacd wagons, buggy, carts and over 150
seta of harness will be sold at half cost, as
the business must be closed. 1140 Folsom St..
near Eighth.
ALL kinds of ws^ons. bundles, carts., harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN A SON. 2117 Mission st.
NEW A 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness. wk & driving horses. 15th and Valencia.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
tend to SPAULDIXG'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works. 553-557 Tehama st.; tel. 8. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. SB-40 Bth St.; tel. South 250.
J. McQUEEX'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson 6t. ; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c rer yard: laid at 40.
STRATTOX'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st.; cleaning. So per yard: tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter et.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
COXKLIX'S Carpet-beating works, S3S Golden
Gate aye.; telephone East 126.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION!
Removed! Removed!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Most Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant.
Has removed her offices to her residence, 1061
Seventh avenue. East Oakland, Cal.
Reveals Your Life From the Cradle
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed :
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines." registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
ehe has made are the talk of the whole slope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and
healthy without ever having come to see this
wonderful woman. Consultation by mail . Is. :
always mest successful and satisfactory, and
all correspondence is kept sacredly confiden-
tial
Address or call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE. j
Fee, $1 and UDward.
Dtasnosis Free.
X. B.— MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, 1061 ;
Seventh aye.. East Oakland.
Take the hroa«l-gauf?e ferry and get off at
Clinton Ftation, 2d station from Broadway.
CLAIRVOYANTS A~U> SPIRITUALISM. ;
ATTEXTIOxI MRS™P. FA^THsiC^a^gifted
lady; most famous in reading tea leaves and
cards; advice confidential. Can be found dally
eicept Saturday and Sunday at 373 Polk St.; '
no sims.
ATTEXD progressive mediums' meeting to-
nifcht, 2250 22d st.; lecture by Dr. Norman;
followed with tests by other good mediums; :
admission free; collection. !
DIXSMORE.
Renowned clairvoyant: private sittings; mar- :
velous results; 10 a. m. to S p. m., 218 Eddy.
MRS. J. J WHITNEY. 1104 Market: trance,
test, business medium; life reader; also mcdl- J
cal clairvoyant: stamp for circular: slttlngsSl.
HEALIXG and developing medium; satisfaction
cuaranteed; readings 23c and 50c this week.
942 Mission st.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
8 p. m. ; 23c. 403 L^avenworth st.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 23c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
EDWARD EARLE, Independent slate writer, '
S3O Ellis Bt.; circle Sun, and Wed, evenings.
MEDA HOSKIXS. 1423 Mrket.. bet. 10th & 11th;
cir. Tues. 8 p.m.; Thurs. 2p. m. ; 23c.; sit dally. '
RESPPOXSIBLE card reader moved from 1322 to
1425 Mission st.; satisfaction- guaranteed. '
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 944 Howard
st.. 10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
MME. ZEREDA of 6 Seventh st. is the original t
uypsy life reader; readings 25c.
MRS. EBERHAHDT, spiritual test meeting. 7:30 "
p. m . 10c. 3230 22d, bet. Mission and Valencia,
MRS. ELLlS— Tests to all; circle Tues., Frl., 2
p. m. ; Hon., 8; 23c; sittings $1. 233 Valencia, :
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and »
palmistry. 2,' c: truth or no pay. 1148 Mission. \
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tings dally. 212»4 Sixth st.
MME. RAVEXXA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 23c up. 5 Fourth st. j
Mlin SYniLLE— Cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 23c; ladles. 814 O'Farrell st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'TTgMicyTiro"7n^gTun^ -
leys successful. Room 310. -J27 Market at. *
COTTAGES TO LET.
$10— COTTAGE of 3 sunny rooms. 134 Rose stT,
between Gough and Octavla; 1 blk from Mkt.
COTTAGES of 4 and 5 rooms; basement; yard' I
stable. App'.y at 1876 15th st., near Dolores.
6-ROOM ccttatre; 23H Morris aye.. t*t. Harrl- I
son and Bryant, nr. 6th: key next door. N0.23.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES J
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring School; C
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Xess.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 287 Gfary st.; dresses >
made. {5 up; dresses made over; pe r fe-t fit.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School— Leading pys- I
tern; easy payments; evg. classes. 103 Post.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All lclnUs pleat- I
ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor & MofTat.
DENTISTS. i
A-DR. T. S. h7ggiXS~ dental parlors. 927 7
Market st.. over Cafe Jiinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or _
chloroform: also by local anaesthetics applied j
to the frums: the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices: pure gold fillings -
from $1 up; other fillings from 60c; badly de- t
caved teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; pletes that fit from -
J4 CO up; open evenings and Sundays.
AT the ELECTRO-DEXTAL CLINIC. SOJ Mar- t
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7 Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done' painlessly; teeth .
without plates our specialty; gold crowns, C
$3 30 up; plates, extractions tref, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9to 2 -
p. tn..G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager. 1
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 o'Farrell »t.. ex- -
tracts and fills teeth i-alnle<sly by his won- J
derful secret method: crowns. $2;. bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3: received 8 first
prizes; no students: guaranteed 12 years. -
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work and. fillings a -
specialty; all work reasonable: gas given. $
PARIS Dental Parlors, 2SS Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $l;..crowns, S3; fillings, 25c.
DENTISTS.
A FULL cet of teeth on a rubber plate, $5; a
full set of teeth on a gold plate. $25: teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fillings. £0c; crowns, $3 50; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors, 24 Sixth Ft
FULL set of teeth, $5; gold crowns. $3; new
methods In bridg-e work; fillings, gold. $1 up;
eilver. EOc,; painless extraction, 50c: gas given.
New York Dental Parlors. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
GUARANTEED dentistry; $1 week; we refer to
6000 patients. Esmond Dental Parlors, 43 Sixth.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st
OHIO Dental V--lors,- Inc.; 8 graduate opera-
tors; open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market?
DOG HOSPITAL.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog H^splt^Tp^stTifinmore^
Advice and medicine 75c: city visits Jl &0; all
animals treated : clops boarded. Tel. Went 634.
~ ejiployjieYt offices^
A JAPANESE and Chinese employment office.
No. SO Geary st., established over 5 years, re-
moved to 421 Post st.. near Powell. GEO.
AOKI. 421 Po&t St.; telephone Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
bett help. 414H O'Fanrell st.: tel. East 416.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
ELDERLY Scotch woman wishes a place: la
good cook and housekeeper; light work; mod-
erate wages; city or country. Address S4S
Minna St.. bet. Fourth and Fifth.
YOUNG girl wishes position for second work;
Is a first-class waitress and seamstress: or
would travel. Address 843 Franklin st., Oak-
land; phone Red 2CBB.
COMPETENT, trustworthy woman wishes any
kind of light housework by the day, or would
take care of children. Box 4343, Call office.
WOMAN wants work by the day, week or
month, cleaning or general housework. 771
Howard st., near Fourth, .:'*»>+'*. |
GERMAN woman wishes ~ork by the day;
washing or housecleanlng. 125 Sixth st.
YOUXG lady wishes a position as traveling
saleslady; will travel for any firm; call at
once Room 235, Golden West Hotel, 6S to 76
Ellis st.
EXPERIEXCED young lady wishes position
In bakery as saleslady. Call or address 503
Jones st.
RELIABLE woman wishes situation to do
housework: city or country; Is good cook;
kind to children. 269 Minna st.
LAUNDRESS wants work by day; would do
the family washing In exenange for room.
C. L.. box 2S. Call office.
CAPABLE German woman wants work by the
day washing, ironing and cleaning; no cards.
1123 Broadway.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation to do
general housework; city or country. Call
206 Fifth Bt.
LADY wishes sewing and mending to do at
home. 150 Fourth et., room 7, front corner.
SWEDISH girl wishes place for general house-
work. Address 648 Howard st.
LADY wtth good reference, speaking German
and English, wishes a position as lady's maid
or to take care of grown children to travel to
Europe and return. Apply at 40 McAllister
et.. from 2 to 5.
GERMAN midwife wishes some more engage-
ments by ladles In confinement. MRS.
WOLTER. 132 Sixth St.,
WANTED — Engagements to treat your hair at
your home for any .trouble ever heard of, on a
guarantee, by hair specialist; also bust devel-
oping. Address box 4235, Call.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night; $1 60 to $8
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry-
A BRAXCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRAXCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open until 9 p. m.
EMPLO VMENT AY ANTED MALE.
GOOD barber wants work In city or Oakland;
strictly temperate and reliable; state wages.
Box 42?3. Call office.
MIXING — A competent prospector, can work
divining rod or mineral rod, wishes situation;
xjo success, no pay. Address box 4234, Call.
FIRST-CLASS bread and pastry baker wants
position; hotel; city or country. Box 4295,
Call.
YOUXG man desires employment In some store
<to learn); will make himself generally use-
ful; references. Box 4296, Call office.
CARPEXTER wishes position. 1711 Market at.,
downstairs.
MAX and wife (Swiss), without children, want
work; wife Is a good cook, man understands
teking care of horses; can do all kinds of
work; city or country: Good references. In-
quire 120 Sutter st., room 75.
MIDDLE-AGED man. all round handy, wants
light work: good home, small wages; no
milking; best of references. Address H. W.,
403 Francisco st.
GARDEXER, thoroughly competent man,
wishes situation for orchard, nursery or large
private place; no trlflers. A, V., Swiss Hotel,
627 Commercial st.
SITUATION wanted by young man as fireman
or wiper, or In wholesale houss. Address
119 Third St., room 21.
YOUNG experienced bedmaker and porter with
best reference wishes a place. Address box
42f,6, Call office.
GOOD sti-onc married man wishes a steady
position. Address J. H., 4034 Van Ness aye.
YOUXG German engineer and machinist wants
employment. Address H. G., 811 Bryant Et.
WAXTED— Position as bookkeeper, cashitr or
otherwise. Address Spreckels. box 4203. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRAXCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109« Va-
lencia st.
A BRAXCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. ra.
A BRAXCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tn^Vv pt«. : orcn until ft n. m.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEO. MAYERLE. German expert optician.
10714 Market St.: examination free: German
eyewater by mall. f.Oc. Phone. Mint 257.
———_——___
HEALD"S Business College, 24 Post St.. 8. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages, telegraphy English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.: new SO-page catalogue free.
BOOKKEEPING— Neither time nor^ money
wasted; most thorough course on earth; rapid
calculation. Tarr, exp. account.. Flood bldy.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market Bt.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical mining,
mech., survey, aFsay, archl.; day and even.;
est. 1864. VAN DEIt NAILLEN, 933 Market.
TO "Morning Call Home Study" readers —
Classes forming: French conversation. Mer-
cantile Library. 530 G. G. aye., r. 5, 6; hrs. 2-8.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
prlv. or class. Barker's Academy, 927 Mission.
ESPINA, Penman; business writing a specialty;
engrossing; Spanish. 337 Phelan blydg. '
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ;¦ day or eve.; $5 mo. 1021 Mission, nr. 6th.
CIVIL service coaching; day. evening. San
Francisco Business College. 1236 Market st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. Merkl, success-
ful teacher. lOCS Mission; best methods, results.
FRENCH. Spanish, etc. Praf.DeFlllppe's Acad-
eniy of languages, 32o Post ;est.lB7l;ablest profs.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms;
thorough Instruction. Studio, 405 Geary, r. 47.
AYRES 1 Business College. 723 Market au; life
scholarship, $50; cend for catalogue.
CLASSES In German, French. Spanish; $2 per
month. Add. Language Teacher. 904 Taylor.
SHORTHAND tauuht personally and by mall;
languages. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgy.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
1€ fare*. In wrapper, for malllnr. tl per year. I
FLATS TO LET. — —
BOWIE aye., 5, off Eleventh St.— Flat of 3
rooms; bay window and hall; cheap rent.
GROVE, 527, bet. Octavla and Laguna — Lower
fiat; 4 rooms and yard; rent $10. >
IK you want to move get jirlnted list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
NOE. IC5— Elegant new modern upper corner
fiat; 6 rooms, bath, basement, yard. 3 bay
windows.
F20 — I^f;E sunny upper flat, 6 rooms. 526 Polk
St., oetweca McAllister st. and Ash aye.
»0; MAGNIFICENT flat to let; 6 rooms and
bath: all modern Improvements; centrally lo-
cated; Western Addition: north side Addlv
owner, 115 Bush St.. .
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
POWELL st., near Pine— Nicely furnished
sunny upper flat. 6 rooms, bath; rent $45; no
children. Box 42C3, Call office.
COMPLETE newly furnished upper flat of 6
rooms; fine upright piano for sale; flat for
rent. Box 4255, Call office.
BIRCH AYE., 5—4 rooms and bath; nicely fur-
nlshed. . ¦
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELLED Iron beds, all sizes, $2 90; heavy
matting 10c yard; 7-plece bedroom set, $20.
Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310, 1312 Stockton st.,
near Broadway. > .'¦
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 60. with No.
1 range. King Furniture Co.. 11*7-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture; carpets.
piano. 1133 Market St.: telephone Jessie 76L
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buy»
furniture, rarp^ti". ?r*7 Mission! tel. Red. 335.1.
nELP WANTED — AGENTS.
POSITIVELY greatest seller ever Introduced
on Pacific Coast: entirely new; secure terrl-
tory; call bet. 9-12. Fountain. 114 McAllister.
GENTLEMAN and lady of good address a« so-
licitors for prominent local company; liberal
salary when ability is proved. Address box
4263. Call office.
A BETTER proposition— Only authorized life of
Moody by his son; most liberal terms; send 25c
for handsome outfit, showing styles of binding
and over 40 Illustrations. R- R. Patterson,
publishers' agent, 42» Montgomery st., 8. F.
WANTED— Energetic agents; ladles and gen-
tlemen: In every county in the State for a
rapid selling article. 5 Birch aye., 8. F.
HARPKR Si BROTHERS' subscription works
have never been pushed here; splendid oppor-
tunity for good solicitors; entire line. J. N.
ODELL. 2D6 Kearny st.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. H ANSEN~& CO. .TiT^PHONH GRANT _5
HOTEL ORDERS
6 waitresses, city and country, $20; 2 cham-
bermaids to wait, $20; 2 chambermaids, first-
class country hotel, $20, see party here; • 2
fancy lroners. $30, see party here; I nurses,
eanltarlum work, $30.
FAMILY ORDERS
Woman with a child for ranch, $15, see party
here; cooks, short distance In country $30,
Alameda $25. Sacramento County $25, New-
castle $20; German second girl, Marin County,
$25, and many others, city and country. C.
It. HAN3BN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED — Head waitress, $25; restaurant
waitresses $5, $6; hotel waitresses, $20, city,
country; lunch and dinner waitress. $20;
Scandinavian cook, $35, no wash: 4 cooks. Ger-
man style, *23. $20; French second girls, $20,
$25; a number of housegirls, $20, $25, city and
country: 2 lroners, $9 a week, room and board
chambermaid, $7 per week. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 316 Sutter st.
WETNURSE for child 6 months old; one wean-
lng her baby preferred. 8539 Twenty-fourth.
IRONERS and starchers wanted at National
Laundry. 411 Banchea st.
GIRL for general housework and cooking; > In
family; wages $20 to $25. 1220 Potrero aye.
WAXTED— First-class waitress at 805 O'Far-
rell'ot. ; wages $6 a week.
YOUNG woman for general housework; wages
from $10 to $12. 807 Filbert st.
WAITRESS; small restaurant; easy hours; $4
per week 1024 Hyde at.
WANTED— Restaurant waitress. 7 Taylor st.
YOUXG girl wanted to assist In general house-
work. 45 Bartlett at.
A GIRL for light housework; from 14 to 18
years old. 232 Twenty-ninth st.
TAILORESS wanted at 2440 Sacramento St.,
near Flllmore.
GIRL for general housework for the country;
small family. Apply 14C4 O'Farrell st.
WAXTED— FemaIe help at the National Laun-
dry. 411 Sanchez st.
APPRENTICES on shirts; paid while learning.
BTAXDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Cough
and Grove sts.
GERMAN girl for general housework and as-
sist in cooking. 11 Scott st.
WANTED— Competent girl for general house-
work; wages $20; references required. Call
between 9 and 12. 1317 Baker at.
TAILORESS— Finisher on custom pants at 6,4
Kearny St., room 18, top floor. !
ABOUT 150 more sew:ng machine operators will
find good paying work In Levl Strauss St Co.'s
overall factory, 32j4 Fremont st. MR. DA-
VIS, Supt.
WOMEN and girls on steam power sewing ma-
chines; experienced or Inexperienced. Shirt
Factory, 36^ Fremont st.; elevator.
FIIIST-CLASS finishers and buttonhole makers;
also apprentices. 135 Xatoma st.
LADIES' cloaks, suits, $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton, near Broadway.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2220 Flllmore st.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to 1118 Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tisements and subscriptions received.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk Bt.; open until 9 p.m.
A BRAXCII office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open until 9 p. m.
HELP WANTED MALE
A^xv^nAY"&~u^A^7r.TpHosE^AiSrms
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT TO-DAY, 7 A. M
66 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, pruners,
pull rhubarb, $39. $26. $25, $20. $17 and found:
» chore men and boys, $25, $20, $15. $10 and
found
29 milkers, butter makers, $40. $35. $30, $25 and
found
6 stablemen, city and country, $35, $30, J25 and
found
27. laborers, teamsters, $175 day, $30, $26 and
found
6 laborers, fare paid $20 and found
197 woodchoppers, tiemakers, $2 60, $2, $1 60,
$1, 75c cord, tools and food advanced
4 milk wagon drivers, city, $35, $30, $25, $20
and found
boy for painting and boys for stores, $6, $4, $3
week; wheelwright and blacksmith helpers,
$45 and found: miller. $60; lots of other
places; come and see. MURRAY & READY,
634-C36 Clay st.
A-« COOKS.. II WAITERS.. S DISHWASHERS
Butcher, $30 and found; man for delicacy
store, $40 and found; lronerß, washers and
other laundrymen, $30, $26 and found. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634-636 Clay Et.
A— BOY for our own office. MURRAY &
READY. 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & C 0.'5... .104 GEARY ST.
100 teamsters and scraper holders and load-
ers for the Coast Railroad, Santa Barbara
County. Free fare
100 coal miners; 10 single hand quarts
miners, $2 60 a day
Porter and gardener for country hotel, $25
and found
All-around cook and baker for springs ho-
tel. $75; 3 French cooks, extra, $3 day; head
cook, hotel, $70; third cook, $30; pantryman
and porter, country hotel, $30; pantryman,
hotel, $25; potwasher, hotel, J25
Polisher country, $45; lroner, $30; starcher,
$30; marker and distributor. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary st.
COLORED waiter, country hotel. $35. C. R.
HAXSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Laundryman and wife, $00; carriage
painter, $2 50 day; wagon blacksmith. $2 CO a
day; miners, $2 60 a day: fruit farmer, $250
year; milker, $23; first-class American farm-
er; 4 woodchoppers, $2 75 cord; young man to
drive milk wapon, ?20 and found, and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WAXTED— Baker and pastry cook, $35 and
found; short-order cook, $35 to $40: cook, min-
ers' boarding house, $60: night cook, $S week;
restaurant waiters, dishwashers and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
BARBERS* Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy, 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec.. 104 7th; tel. Jessie ISS.
WANTED— Stenographer; young single man.
capable of filling position of private secretary;
a good position: comfortable home and rea-
sonable pay. Apply 1729 California St., cor.
of Franklin, bet. 9:30 and 12 m; references re-
qulred. _^
WANTED— Steady man, satisfied with $15 to
$1S per week, to keep plain accounts and as-
sist In light work; small capital required.
1016 Market st.. room 10. • ¦ -
FOR sale— Barber shop, 8 chairs; 1 cigar store;
1 bootblack stand; 2 living rooms; $400; part-
ner, male or female, $200. 1205 Market st.
PANTSMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter st. .
WANTED— Barber for Saturday and Sunday;
$3. 1301 V& Valencia st.
WANTED— A boy as helper in blacksmith shop.
454 Eighth at. -
WANTED— Steady nwn with small capital; can
make good wages. 79 Third at.
A LUNCH waiter wanted et northeast corner
of Beale and Howard sts. 1
HELP WANTED— MALE.
BOOTBLACK wanted. 54S Waahmston^atT." be-
low Montgomery.
BOOTBLACK for barber shop and to clean
bath. 120 Geary st.
LAND or timber claims. Who wants to have
any taken up or held? Box 4270, Call office.
MAN wanted for cook. Apply 322 Main St.;
call at 7 a. m. >?.*;
FOR sale— A barber chop at Twenty-fourth and
Sanchez sts.
GREEN hand 3 and sailors for England. Africa
and steam whalers at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
FURNISHED rooms, 75c, $1, Jl 25 per week.
METROPOLITAN. 514 Fourth st.
WANTED— A tailor by L. CLAR. Vlsalla, Cal.
BOY to learn tailoring; age about 17. 411%
Kearny st.. top floor.
WANTED— Wood turner. GEO. c! PAPE,
Berkeley, Cal.
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price, f.62 Mission st.. between Ist and 3d sts.
THREE fancy weavers for casslmeres. San
Jose Woolen Mills, San Jose, Cal.
BOY to help on small place In exchange for
good home. DIMOND, P. O. box 16. Fruitvale.
CARRIAGE woodworker; steady Job. WAL-
COM BItOS.. 217 E1I1« st.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade In 8 weeks;
day and evening classes; special Inducement
this season; handsome Illustrated catalogue
and souvenir free; only institution In the
world teaching the barber and halrdresslng
trades. MOLKR'S BARBER COLLEGE. *3J
Clay st. Branches— San Francisco. New York.
St. Louis, Chicago. Minneapolis.
MEN and women to appoint agents: $75 month:
expenses; steady positions. BUTLER &
ALGER. New Haven. Conn.
EXPERIENCED shop outter on clothing. 20
Sansome st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.: 150 large
rooms; 26c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MAN to do Janitor work for his tuition. 3. F.
Barbers' School. 741 Howard si.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 250
to 50c. E62 Mission St.. between Ist and id Bts.
PENSIONS— J. H. BHEPARD A CO., attor-
neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
W0 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 150 and 25c
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard; read. nn.
WANTED— 100 men to try our 15c breakfast.
dinner or supper; best In city. 406 McAllister.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room; free
bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, ttot) Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions haa been opened
at 1223 Polk st.: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
north— eet corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open till 9 p. m.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc— For Sale
40 HORBES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
?27 Sixth st.: auction rales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
50 HEAD fine draught and driving horses at
1621 and 1625 Market St.. bst. Twelfth and
Brady: also some fine matched black teams.
WANTED— Horse and wagon for fruit store:
must be cheap. Call northwest corner Twen-
ty-fourth and Hampshire sts.
FOR sale— Gentleman's road horse and blk»
buggy- DAL7.IEL. Vet. Dentist. 60S O. G. ay.
HOUSES— LODGING FOR SALE.
63 ROOMS; fine cornerTcTears $230. . ... ~. ... $1800
24 rooms; north of Market; clears $125.. 900
7-room house; only ijo
24 rooms; easy payments SCO
32 rooms; corner; 0n1y....- 1200
10 rooms on O'Farrell st 323
10 rooms on Taylor St.; worth $800 450
32 rooms; corner; clears $130 1600
Corner on Market; clears $400; 104 rooms.. 4800
Mod. house; elev.; clears $300; 84 rooms... 6500
Tel. John 6L H. C. DECKER.
1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
AN elegant 11-room house, north of Market st. i
new furniture: cheap; low rent. Pacific States
Realty Co.; 320 Parrott building.
LODGING-HOUSES and good .HOTELS at
honest prices; money loaned buyers. Rooms
1-2. 917 Market st.
A DESIRABLE, large, good-paying transient
house; north of Market; will stand lnvestlga-
tlon. Pnc. States Realty Co., 320 Parrott big.
TO trade for lodging-house In this city a lot
In Portland. Or. M. LESS. 765 Market Bt.
873 WASHINGTON st., Oakland, 14-room house
for sale cheap; call; see party.
$225-LODGIXG-HOUSE. 12 rooms, for sale;
bargain. 130 Fecond st.: no agents.
HOUSES TO LET. ~~~~~
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for clr-
cular. Q. H. UMB3EN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TO let — House. 12 rooms; stable- 60 bearing
fruit trees: 2 blocks from station. P. GARD-
XER. Mill Valley. Cal.
LOST AND FOUND.
THE young man who carried off a black case
¦with photograph holders from Clay and Cen-
tral sts. hail better return them, for he Is
known; return Fame to 672 Post st and re-
ceive reward; no questions asked. FRANCIS
& ROBBINS.
LOST— A Knights Templar cross with name of
owner on the back, WALTER C CAMP-
BELL. The finder will receive $5 on return-
ing It to 1820 Turk st.
LOST— A silk scarf. Initial A. D., from Frank-
lln Hall to Sacramento st. as far as Gough.
Suitable reward when delivered at 19U Sacra-
mento st.
LOST— Black greyhound bitch; white marks on
feet, chest and head. Return to 1122 Kearny
st. and receive liberal reward.
LOST— February 22, a white enamel four-leaf
clover pin; diamond In center. Return to 11
First St.; liberal reward.
LOST — White greyhound pup. Please return
to 60S Natoma st. : liberal reward.
LOST— Small purse Saturday evening. Return
to room 5, Flood building, and receive reward.
FOUND— The pin which wae lost at Dickey*
roadhouse In November, 1893. Owner will
please address note to M, Box 111, Call Busi-
ness Office.
MEDICATKD BATHS.
INVALIDS who find no relief from drugging
the stomach to Investigate Dr. Conant's
method of absorption, which never falls. Call
or address for booklet. Anldrosts, 47 Post.
office No. 5; gents' baths. 6; ladles parlors. 33.
MEDICAL. \
DRS, GOODWIN, the weluknown ladles' physl-
clan, formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; guaranteed
treatment $5; cafe and reliable cure In one
day: 15 years' successful practice In S. F. ;
maternity home; low fees. 10074 Market st.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, the world-renowned
ladles' cpecfaltst; tafe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home: consultation free: success guaranteed.
Write or call at IQ23U Market st.
MRS. DR. WYETII, reliable specialist; home
In cor.ftaement; guaranteed treatment at of-
fice, $5; any ailment; consultation free. 943
Post 6t.. between Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' specialist— Guar-
nnteed treatment at office, $5; safe and re-
liable; consultation free. 1122 Market St., bet.
Mason and Taylor; hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 122S Market: Udle«-
phyelclan; chronic diseases treated: late scien-
tific methods; cure guaranteed; treatment. $5.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1033 Market, ladles' special-
Ist; guaranteed treatment at office. $3; safe
and reliable; consultation free: hours 10 to S.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 111S Market
et. : every case guaranteed: $5 up.
DR. AND MRS. Ji. WJSGENER— Private horn*
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dts-
- eases of the human bc<sy. 115 Mason »t.
. MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, i-hand machinery. Mc-
IXTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1619-1021-1C23 Mission
ft., above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mlrrun.
lioucht. told and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
SAFES — New and second for banks, merchants,
itenmers. residences; portaole safety boxes;
specie chests, bullion cafes, vaults, etc. I The
Walts Pafe Co.. 109-111 Market st.. S. F.. CaL
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. «6 Spear st.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records, $2 60. BACIGALUPL
?33 Market st..' San Francisco.
SHOWCASES, candy Jars, shelving and coun-
ters fur t>ale at Townsend's, 735 Market st.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. mange cure; by all drug,
gists, or Dog Hospital, 510 Golden Gate aye.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
ICE machine for sale; In good condition; 1 ton;
Apply 416 Shotwell st.
, 15-HORSE power boiler and engine. 314 Rail-
road aye., San Francisco, south.
1 DOMKSTIC sewini? machine; 7 drawers; plat»>l;
almost new; cheap. 1915 Mission St.. near 15th.
ANY parties having Angora goats for sale ad-
dress 11.. 226 National aye. San Diego. Cal.
A 10-TON FAIRBANKS scale and fire and bur-
glar proof safe. 6 California st.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora Mats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. $30 Kearny st.. nr. Pine.
ONE 4-slded sticker: 1 planer and matcher: I
air compressor: 5 locomotives. ?I9 Fremont.
DRESS pants. $2 75: fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. Sl3 Montgomery st.
BOILERS, engines, drill press*.*, planer*. lath**.
Iron fe wood: 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 133 Bealr
NEW ai:d cecond-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1532 Market st.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical suppllej.
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 5H Minion.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO- 417-411 Sacramento at.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— A lack for breedins purposes; must
be cheap- large one preferred. Address Cllp-
ping Establishment. 22 Golden Gate aye.
WANTED— Records. 52-inch horn, films, etc.,
for concert phonograph and projectoscope.
Apply at 1338 Market st. FOSTER.
WANTED— To buy or rent a medium size port-
able rock crusher. Address by mall. Contrac-
tor, 1209 Claus Spreckels bldg.. San Francisco.
SCRAP Iron and machinery bought. San Fran-
Cisco Iron Yard. 204 Mission st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at t per cent ; Ist, 2d and Sd mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84S Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgagea estates in probate. Interest
In estates, lezacies. life Insurance; chattel
mortgages; confidential: advice free. O. B.
OLSKX. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
AVOID delay: try all others, then see mo; $30
to $100,000; ( per cent; Ist. 2J or chattel mort-
gages, estates In probate, undivided Interests la
estates, legacies and mortgages bought: advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. 633 Market.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. UESTHAL. 10 Stxta;
fclghest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
PRIVATE party, on furniture and pianos; 3 per
cent j no rf rnov^l * no commission. R, SI, 6 T^tikly.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity. HILL, room 44. Merchants* Exchange, 431
California at.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
ON REAL estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 28 Montgomery.
AT 128 Kearny at., room I, respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 593.
ON furniture and pianos without removal: quick
service; money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
48 and 69. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 336 Parrott bulld-
ing — Men can secure loans on personal note.
AT Hi per cent per month, on furniture. IiOJ
Polk St.. OTTO MAX.
LOANS to salaried people. TOUSLEY, 430 Par^
rott bulldlnc
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
• lr.dorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
$50 TO $50,000. lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs. ;
any proposition. DRYDKN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
TO salaried men. without collateral or lndorser;
other propositions; private rrnims. San Fran-
clsco Dlsiw.mt Ag°ncv. 143 Phelan bntMlnc.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AGAIN we remind you tbat you should pur-
chase your medium and low priced pianos
where th«y can be exchanged for a Stelnway
within three years and have full purchase
price allowed. We are selling new upright
pianos for JS per month, and some good pianos
for $3. $1 and $5 per month. SHERMAN.
CLAY & CO., Stelnway Dealers, cor. Kearny
and Sutter sts.. San Francisco.; corner Thir-
teenth and Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the olde&t and largest bouse
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
?S, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms eary; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tae
customer.
KNABE planoa: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
PIANOS are offered at lower prices than ever
at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
THERE is only one place to buy a Decker or a
Packard piano. MAUVAIS'. 769 Market St.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos; prices reduced to Insure prompt sales.
W C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
CO. SLIGHTLY used high and medium grade
pianos; special discounts for cash: open Sat.
evenings. Heine Piano Mfg. Co.. 138 Ellis st.
WANTED— To exchange a fine upright piano
for goods for family use. Apply J. GOOD-
RICH, room 12. Flood building.
COXOVER. Colby and Spencer pianos. Spencer
Warerooms. ISIS Market st.
DON'T buy: rent a new piano. $3 per month.
SCOTT CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
SELL for storage— 3 uprights. $73: very fine
Stelnway. $125. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market.
LARGE upright piano; standard make; $125,
call evenings. 1319 Powell st.
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis planoa.
FINK Fischer * Stelnway upright: sacrlflced.
KKKFFE'S. 1119 van Nes* aye.. nr. Geary st.
GOOD uprlsht piano: nearly new; cheap.
HORXUXO'S. «6 McAllister st. '
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. BCHMIT2* II
McAllister st.. next Hlbernla Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. S7
MULLER. maker, repairer, i Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
OFFICES AND STORES — TO LET?"
U^OOnTsquXre" "building, opposite City of
Paris. Stockton and Geary sts.— Elegant new
offices and stores.
FOLSOM, 870— Large sunny store, with 3 living
rooms. Apply H. UMBSEN tt CO.
$10— STORE; t tbow windows and 6 large rooms;
adapted to unv bn«|n v «. «?? Sl*»h »t.
PALMISTRY.
MME. Neergaard. Pres. St. Germain College ot
Palmistry: reads 1 to 8. Sl6 Geary, nr. Jones.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
*~p^ivnALYsis7~
AZX NERVOUS DISEASES;
OSSIFICATION:
HARD TUMORS: .-
ALL ABNORMAL ENLARGEMENTS:
RHEUMATISM IN ALL FORMS:
SCROFULA. ECZEMA: SKIN DISEASES.
CONSUMPTION:
OLD STANDING CHRONIC DISEASES,
Cured where all other have failed.
NO DRUGS'. NO KNIFE!
v Different from any other treatment.
Write for references. Consultation free.
DR. L. J. STRATTON. CO7. 60X and 509. Par-
rott building. (Over th« Emporium.)
DR C. C. O'DONN ELL— Office and residence.
1021H Market St.. bet. Sixth unrt Seventh.
______
B^LLE^OUDRT —
IS NOT A LADY.
I WILL not be responsible for any debts con-
tracted by my wife. FREDERICKA HOFFE.
E. J. HOFFK.
LEDERER. the popular hairdresser, is the
leader In styles: latest modes. 2Sc; manicur-
ing. 25c; you should watch for the Monday
eale prices; very low. 123 Stockton st.
A— A— ELECTRIC massage treatment removes
wrinkles; free this week: I guarantee to per-
manently remove superfluous hair by elec-
trolysis. MISS ISADORE BARRETT. Der-
matologist. 1207 Market st., opp. City Hall.
A FINE suit to order $10 73 or pants $3 73; our
specialty in remnants allows us to sell
cheaj>er than ready made. L. LEMOS.
1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth, prop. One-
price Tailoring Co. 532 Kearny, near Sacto. ;
also 1644 Market St.. under St. Nicholas.
OUR spring goods are arriving; call and see
our blue serge $15 ladles' tailor-made suits
at $1 Der week. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1306
Stockton st., near Broadway; open evenings.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 100 rooms-
23c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per WNk'
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry!
MME. ADA cures rheumatism, headaches neu
ralgia; all- pain leaves like masrlc from her
wonderfully gifted hands. 1343 Howard st.
PHYSICAL culture, massage, to ladles- private-
Mrs. Wagner, graduate masseuse. lOU'i Larkln.'
PERSONALS.
ASTROLOGY— Serrano, recognlxed brightest
astrologer In America; sketch of life and
prospects: send date ot birth, sex and 120.
PROF/ SERRANO. P. O. box 5333. Boaton.
Mass. — — — — — -
LEADING theatrical and masquerade co_-
tumers; make-up and wigs: country orders so-
llclted. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Market st.
MARRIAGE PAPER.
Best published— FßEE.
J. W. GUNNELS. Toledo. Oh»»-
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. Sllverman. SS4 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191-
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 13
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
ALASKA fur garments, hoods, mitts, leather
coats. H. M. HEINE MAN. 109 Sansome st.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
ing call on B. Cohen. 137 Third; tel. Black 1423.
COLEMAN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools,
carpets, old gold; send for him. 506 Kearny.
WANTED— OId gold for manufg. O. NOLTE.
Jeweler. 343 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Maaow.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. 1815 Linden. Oakland.
RK.II I. KSTATii CITY — FOR SALES.
sTTcTteRRY. Presidio Heights; marine view:
9 rooms: new; sunny all day: healthiest part
city; up to date every particular: choice prop-
erty; make offer; wit or without furniture;
MODERN flats— $3800; containing 5 and S rooms
each; highly decorated and finished wtta alt
modera conveniences; t3l Waller st.. on*
block from Haluht and Pierce; «a_y term-.
F. yELSON. Builder.
IF you have lots In Richmond district, norts of
the Park, that you wish to sell quickly taea
call on W. J. OUNN. 530 California rt.
S MODERN fiats, cheap; must sell account of
departure for Europe. Inquire *<7 Teß*jn».
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY— For Sal*
A LOVELY INCOME HOME AND CX-QUAL-
S0 acres rich" loam: no adobs: fenced: S fleJd-i
80 highly cultivated: 30 wooded hill pastor*;
IS acres bearing orchard; (-room resldeae*;
large barn; poultry arrangements: 3 ltrlns;
springs, trout creek and wells; fine road ad-
jacent to Napa; Including stock and tools,
CDI N.* s^" SICKELS. the LAND ACEST.
10 Geary St., opp. Chronicle building. S. T.
M GRIFFIN. 719 Market st.. near Call bldr..
sells and exchanges city realty and farms la
all parts of California: call on him.
J. W. HORN. 812 Main st.. Petaluma: real es-
tate and thoroughbred Belgian hares. Send
for fre* H«t wf Bonn— .» Connf* bargains.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CALIFORNIA. 2523— Sunny parlors or rooms fur
light housekeeping; gaa range; reasonable;
references exchanged.
EDDY 917— Sunny connecting housekeeping
rooms; furnished; splendid location; privata
residence.
FOLSOM, 218-21S— Four to six housekseptng
rooms; complete; watar and gas.
FOLSOM, 834— Sunny bay-window room aad
kitchen, .modern house; $12; also 1 noaseksep-
Ing. U: prtvat*.
GUERRERO. 1147. near Twenty-third— » rooms
and kitchen furnished for housekeeping. $13.
HOWARD. 761 - Nicely furnished baj-wtudow
suite and kitchen: man and wife; otbem reaa.
HYDE. 4CB— Elegant sunny front parlor suits;.
complete for housekeeping; $25: also single.
KEARNY. near Sutter— A light front room. $«;
gas free: also housekeeping room, O'Farrell.
opp. Orpheum. $3 month. Apply 15 Grant ay».
LEAVENWORTH. 225— Unfurnished housekeep-
ing rooms: American family; adults.
LEWIS. 18. OS Taylor, near Poot— 3 furnished
and unfurnished upstairs rooms: $11, $15.
MINNA. 4J4— Furnished. 2 or 3 back rooms for
housekeeping; cheap. ; "
2 NICE suany front rooms, bedroota an*
kitchen, all complete for housekeeping. $7 per
month. Arply shoe store, 562 Mission st., be-
tween First and Second sts.
POLK. 1820— Two sunny front rooms: untar-
nished. ¦
SEVENTH. 242— Three sunny rooms, with laun-
dry, furnished complete for housekeeping.
VAN NESS aye.. 402— Elegantly furnished eunny
suite; complete for housekeeping; gaa stove,
bath: also furn. parlor; together or separate.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2220 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at th»
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. : open till 9p. m. ¦ __.
ROOMS TO LET— Farn. and I'nfarn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 143 B!*th— Rooms
2Zc to $1 per night; $1 23 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night. --'-y
A— "THE ELMER HOUSE." 334 Bush rt.. ad-
joining the Russ Hotel; 84 rooms; all prices.
ANTONIO. 18. off Jones, bet. Ellis and O'Far-
rell— 2larKeunfurnlshed_rooms.
BOHEMIA. 239 Post. cor. Stockton— Sunny cor-
ner suite and single rooms: hot and cold
water; elevator and all conveniences.
BURNETT. 142S Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLLTON. 12C6 Market, cor. Golden Gat»
aye. — Sunny corner; well furn.; rms. St offices.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and .subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 22C0 Flllmore.
$23 EDDY, near Van Ness aye.— Two newly
furnished and one unfurnished room to let.
For particulars call mornings.
FTLLMORE. 932 — Sunny furnished room; ga*
and running water.
FILLMORE,. ISIS. cor. Bush— Large front room,
furnished or unfurnished; g«nt preferred.
FOLSOM. 730— Large room, flreplaee; house-
keeping and single rooma; tunny; reasonable!.
FOLSOM. 943. BUth (Th« Olivet)— Sunny
furnlshed^rooms; suites or single; new mngmt.
FRANKLIN. 21 (Newport House)— Sunny room*;
bay windows; run. water; gas; $1 25 to $2 50.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms, en suite or single. MRS. H. HYEJt.
GOLDEN GATE avs^ 727— Finely furnished j
large front room; running water; to gentle- -*
man: private; reasonable.
HAIGHT. 100— Elegantly furnished sunny
rooraa. single or en suite.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 SO to $3 per week.
HARRISON. 784. nr 4th— Finely frnshd. mi.;
bath; all conveniences: homelike; $1 wk. up.
HOWARD. $29— Clean, respectable; 25c- $1 pw
night; $l-$3 per week; Howard car* to door.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— New furnished
bay window room. $1 per week; transient.
OAK. 119 — 1 large sunny room with closet; fur*
nlshed for light housekeeping; $3.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day. wk., mo.
POST, 631 — Two small rooms, furnished. S3 iaah,
per month: Protestant Christians; neither
drink nor smoke in the house.
POWELL, «12A— Large sunny front rooms;
newly furnished; suitable for gentleman.
ROSEDALE House. 319 & 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night. 25c to $1; week. $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis st.— lncandescent light,
reading room, smoking room and ladles* par-
lcr; rooms, per night, 33c to $1 SO; week, $2 ta
$S; month. $3 to $20; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, 19— Furnished rooms; $1 to $1 30 per
week.
ST. PETER'S House. 703 California— Changed
hands; nicely furnished rooms; also house-
keeping rooms.
THE OAKS. 119 Third— A good rooming houae S
tor good people. It. HUGHES. Proprietor.
WK RFWr Pnr.i T a
• CITY RENTING CO.. 632 Market st.
WILLOW aye.. «30. near Buchanan— 2 sunny
newly furnished rooms; private family.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1008 Va-
lencia st.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
A— HOTEL LA NORMANDIE. 328 EddyTsunny
suites and single rooms; everything new; first-
class table and service; hot water In every
room; telephone Sutter 147 L
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT. 1714 Market st.-Ele-
gantly furnished sunny rooms; en suite or sin-
gie; with or without board; table first-class;
reduced rates.
N £ W . fainUy ,. hotel: n-t-clas» In all appolnt-
ments; excellent table; special Inducements to
select people. JO7 California St.. occupying
corner opposite Grace Church. _
GV . F -J iRERO ' Hl— Sunny furnished or narur-
nlsned rooma to let with board.
1-AS PALMA.S. id. Market «t.-Sulte of 3 or 1
rms. ; private: bath: sin. rms.: board optional.
O . F / nRELL - "<2— First-class board and rooms;
$J> up; special rates to students. ;
VAN NESS, M 4 (The WaUace)-Rooros and
Doara: reasonable: modern conveniences-
ROOMS WANTED.
W i^-T£ EE J > - Two unfurnished rooms. MRS. B.
F. DEXTER. 2002 Pacific aye.. Alameda,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1900.
8California Limited
Santa Fe Route
T£ CHICAGO
This Is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across the continent.
Cox.nectixg Txain Lzavss San T* axcisco:
S P.n. Monday. Wednesday. Friday and
Saturday, arriving la Chicago at 2:15
P.n tn time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVCKLAND Leases San Francisco at 5:30
FVppFCC p- tn. witb Palace and Tourist
Rtiiv cc 3 *"3" 3 ' or Kansas City, St. Louts,
V AIL V Chicago and East-
Local trains between Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno, Hanford, Visalia, Tulare on »n
and BakersSeld. KUAO
SEE YOU IN San Francisco office. 6—
•FDl^Prt <nniM Market Street, Phone Main
rKIOCU SUUIN 1531 . Oakland. 1113 Broad-
way; Sacramento, 2ol J Street; San Joee, 1 Weat
Santa CUn Street.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Feb. 22.— CATTLE—Oenerally
steady: rood to choice, $5 10®5 90; poor to me
dium. $4^4 75; mixed stockers. $3 4053 80; se
lected feeders. %i 2554 75; good to choice cows,
$3 40@4 40; heifers, S3 4034 75; canners. $2 20*9
2 90; bulls, $2 60ff4 SO; calves, $4 60®7 76; fed
Texas beeves. $4©5.
HOGS— Average. 6c lower; cloMng weak, good
many left; mixed and butchers', $4 7OiJ?4 92^!
good heavy. )4 Bi@4 35; rough hea%-y. $4 50®4 70;
light. $4 60^4 524; bulk of Mle*. $4 75<g4 90.
SHEEP— Steady to strong; lambs. 10c higher;
fancy. $7 25; native wethers, ».*65 ?5; Western
wethers, $535 56; lambs, Js©7 25; Western
larabe. $6^7 05. .
Receipts— Cattle. >&00; hogs, 39,000; sheep,
10,000.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. „— WHEAT— WaIIa
Walla, £S£s4cT valley, S2c; blueftem. SSc.
Foreign wheat shipments from Portland for
the week ending to-day were 120,639 bushels.
London Markets.
LONDON. Feb. 12.— Canadian Pacific, 101;
Union Pacific preferred, 79; Northern Pacific
preferred. 7&H: Atchlson, 21%; Grand Trunk
$%; Anaconda. JVi. Bar silver, quiet, 27Hd per
ounce. __; •
Foreign Markets.
LIVHRPOOL. Feb. 22.— WHEAT— Spot No. 1
California, no stocks; No. 2 red Western winter,
no stocks; No. 1 Northern spring, dull, 6s l%d.
Futures, higher; March, 6s 9Vkd; May, 6s 9%d;
July. Es Mid.
CORN— Spot, quiet: American mixed, new.
Sa Ch.4: old; 3s kvtid. Futures, quiet: Febru
ary, nominal; March, 3s BTtd; April, nominal;
May. 3a 7!4<J; June, nominal; July, 8a 7%d.
Time— V* :24%: H. :51%. Good start. Won easily, second and third driving. Winner. E.
Corrigan's b. f., by imp. Artillery-Little Casino. Artena won In rag-time. On Time three
hours late. Maldonado was exnected to do something. ._.„_„„ ,-, <-, r^-^r^n^u-
COKPAONIK GENERALS TRANBATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS.
Palllnp every Thursday Instead of <sjjTJ~}
Saturday, from November 2. 1899, at <^ir9»
10 a m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton St.: LA TOURAINE. March 1: LA
BRETAGNE. March 8; L'AQUITAINE, March
15; LA CHAMPAGNE. Maroh 22. First class to
Havre $60 and upward; 5 per cent reduction on
round trip. Second class to Havre. $45: S per
cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacinc Coast
Agents, 6 Montgomery aye.. Ban Francisco.
Shipping Intelligence.
SPECIAL XOTICES.
¦WANTED known— Mß. LEW H. SCHARER,
late cf 22 Mason st.. has removed to Call
, bunging, ter.th floor, where he will continue
r t* five bargains !n watches, diamonds. Jew-
e'.ry. silverware, firearms and optical troods;
ce»!i or t'me r«>mtnt«. Office hours — 10 to 6.
liAl> tenants ejected for !4; collections made-
rlty rr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
4:5 MrntEomery «t., rooms 8-10; tel. E5K>.
ROOSIS pappred. from S3: whitened. 51 up.
¦ a'.-t'.^sr dnr.e. Harttnan Palr.t Co.. 818 Third.
MOWING MACHINES A.\D SUPPLIES.
T!ENTET>, repaired, bought, sola; machine sup-
plles. Standard Agency.Ua 6th: phone Mint U.
ALL klnfis bouefct. sold, exchanged, rented; re-
;K'r:r.g «t !cwft rates. tOS Fourth at.
STORAGE AXI) WAREUOI'SBS,
riERCE-RODO_PH Storac«~and MovTng CoT
O'T.Lf. 4CI Vert r;.. cor. Powell: tel. Main E7U.
TO L— ASIC.
TO !*&«¦*— Fin* oil land in oil district; none but
rr.m of means need apply; one eighth royalty
efkfd. Answer box CO. CalL
HER KELETi^A DYERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
; < -_j rsT finishing; an elegant, latest style.
: era cc.tace. € rooms; large hall; porce-
Itin bath; tiled slr.k; tinted walls; lot 40x100-
:'-.*. finished street; 1 block to electric
car*: close to station, schools, churches.
*• >reg. etc.; easy terms. H. D. IRWIN.
i:::— A SNAP; look at this bargain; lot 40x100;
s--.r*»<t work done: fine let within 1 block of
Ashby station; Just the place to build on.
H. D. IRWIN.
Lorin Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
ISM. WORTH J3»o!
House. 7 rooms: bath; with all modern con-
veniences; fine location and' neighborhood;
large lot; driveway, sunny; close to cars,
f-chooia, etc.; the best bargain offered this
~<ar. j. b. MTERB.
10C2 Broadway.
Oakland.
»225 C. VALUE S4OOO.
Located on a "commanding corner;" new
houss cf 7 rooms; bath, gaa and electrical ap-
rliar.ces; new Ideas and designs for "dining-
room," sewing-room; sunny exposure; close
to local train and 2 car lines: space would not
fully present the excellent features; the nobl- .
crt house built this year; easy terms.
J. S. MYERS.
10C2 Broadway.
Oakland.
flC,'}— A BARGAIN; SO acres cf land 14 miles
irom Sunol: about 300 French prune trees, be-
ri<Jes tma!l family orchard and vineyard;
h^use of 6 rooms: bam; chirken-houses: all
fenced. W. P. RYAN. S&> 7th st.. Oakland.
("ITY realty; fruit and stock ranchos; loans.
SALSBURY, SOS Broa3way. Notary Public
i aKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
~.ove3 to HIS Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
¦ Jfintnti erd Fub^crlptlom received.
iI\KLA\D HOCSBKE— PIXG ROOMS.
:..'.RGE sur-ny unfurnished rooms, near Fablola
Koapttal; large grounds; reference. Address
»^x ros. Call office. Oakland.
< < AKLAND FURMTCRE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furaltur* -ealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
COPARTNERSHIP XO~TICEsI
NOTICE cf dissolution of partnership.— The
f.rm heretofore existing under the name and
tt>;» cf lACCHERI & BACIGALUPL doing
business In the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, was on the 2«th day of March. 1599. dis-
solved by mutual consent, MR. G. lACCHERI
having purchased the entire Interest of O.
BACIGALCPI In the concern.
O. lACCHERL
O. BACIOALUPL
Ear, franclsco. Febmary >. 1900.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
SmDEND"K6~TIC£— Dividend No] 102 (M
cents p«r chare) cf the Oceanic Steamship
Co. Will be payable at the efflce cf the com-
jary. SC7 Market st_,»cn and after Thurs-
day, March 1, WOO. Transfer books will close
en Friday. February 23. 1900. at * o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
CHAINED r>roxv«s.!s will be received at toe
clfloe cf the Lighthouse Engineer, Pan Fran-
cisco, C»J.. until 12 o'clock m.. March 12,
19T.0, and then cper.ed, for furnishing all the
material and labor necessary for the com-
plete construction of a light and fog signal
station at Point Arguello. Cal., in accordance
¦with eDeclficatlons. copies of which, with
biar.k proposals and other Information, may
be had upon application to CHARLES E. L.
fi. DAVIS, Major, Corps of Engineers, U.
P. A.
EIBTHS—MABRIA&ES— DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
call will not be Inserted. They mart be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
eens authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
pr.ns-^ln th'.s city. February n. 1900, to the
wife of J. Foge, a son.
SANTA CRUZ— In this city. February 18. 1300.
to the wife cf T. H. Santa Cruz, a daughter.
MARRIED.
EHARP— EDWARDS- In this city. February 17.
1> ¦'. by the Rev. J. M. Buehler. Charles
¦ w— . ar.ii May FMwarflß,
' DIED.
Ej-ma, Irene M- Kiel, Mrs. Franc
Cv Turnings. Susan McFadden. Joseph B.
Carney, Josetii R. McDevltt. John
Cole. Mary Melrose, Mary A.
Ctapln. Gertrge W. Martin. Dr. W. N.
Dowr-le. Her.ry Morrison, Phillip
Kgan, Nellie Oilier. William
Ever*. Caroline C. Ollis, Gustave
Fisher. Mabel A. Pierce, Frank
<ira> Asarh Riordan. William J.
Her.nersy. Alice Reynolds, L!»ut. Oeo.
Ki;*z. Charles F. PJngholm, Helma
Horpe Elizabeth T. Ruet, Margaret
Hughea. John J. Silver, Sydney
Harlow. Almira Schwartlng. Capt.
Krug. Alice Dledrich
Ki*fer Theodore Bchnltser. Jacob
King. Julia Ehort. Thomas
Taylor, Ida L.
BYRNS— In this city. February 21. 1800. Irene
Mar youngest and beloved daughter of John
X and Mamie C. Byrns, and sister of Flor-
ence C. Byrne, a native of Frultvale. Cal.,
aged S years 7 months and 25 days.
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday) at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of her j'arcnts. 221 First street, near Har-
rison. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
CUMMINGS— In Oakland, February 22. ISOO,
f-'unan Cumrr.lngs. beloved mother of Mary A.
<Jummlr.cs, and grandmother of Frank Cum-
rr.lT)EK, a native of Kings County, Ireland,
CARNEY— In this city. February 2L l»00, Jo-
te;.h Raphael, eon of Peter and Lizzie Car-
:.< V. ar.rt grandson of Margaret and the lat»
"Jf-Vp? S'-hulz. a native of San Francisco,
4*^*l 2 yen.ru i months and 16 days.
C^-Th'e funeral will tak* place this day
¦ «Friday>. at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of tin- parents, Vll Alabama street, between
Tir»-r;ty-iwond and Twenty-third. Interment
private. Mount Calvary Cemetery.
COLE— In this city. February 22. 1900. Marj-
Cole, l^loveij mother of Willie. Etta and
<:arroil C'jl*. and sifter of William. James and
Imvirt Kuffern. a native of California, aged
2!' years.
t^Kriends ami acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<P*!-jrriay). at 2:30 o'clock, from her late resl-
•Jor.r*. H24 Kparny street, between Union and
Fltt-rt. Interment Laurel Hltl Cem"trry.
CHAPIN— In this city, February 22. 19M,
George W.. huKdand of Emma E. Chapin, and
father of Charles W., Oeorge E. and May O.
Char'-n, a native of Michigan, aged 67 years
i- . . month*.
C7"Fr:en<Js and acquaintances are respect-
tcV.v Invited to attend the funeral services
tn:* day < Friday), at 2:3<> o'clock, at his late
r*f :<Jence. £38 Sanchez etreet. near Nineteenth.
Interment private.
DOWNIE— In this city. February 21. IMO
iiT.ry. husband of Margaret Downie, and
father of Henry J. and Kate Downie, and
brotber-to-ia w of Owen Egan, a native of
FT'iand. ag^d 60 year*, r
tr7 Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fnlly invited to attend the funeral this day
'Fridayi, at 10 o'clock,' from th« parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 7C7 Mission street, In-
T*-rrr.ent Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
EOAN— In this city. February 22, 1800. Nellie,
df-arly beloved daughter of Frank and Chris-
tine Egan, and sister of Charlotte and Mary
E^an, a native of Ean Francisco, aced 4
year*.
and acquaintances are reap«ct-
lIEJVRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(fcucceseors to Flannagan & Gallagher),
rOtUAJL, DIRECTORS AND EMUAI—IKIiS.
It Fifth «t.. ir-ptsite Lincoln School.
Telephone South fcO.
MeflUOV «fc CO.. I
KCNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERSj
I_* Market pl. between 6th and Hh. 1
Telephone Bout a 247. |
@S2ft>rt&l99 Th * S - s - Australia
d&f!Sll£ sa "" for "onolulu
.•C**""™ Wednesday. March 7.
a ™^—^_ 1900. at 2p. m.
OmTl'Z\ The s - s - M«rlpoea
nd sails via Honolulu and
CyiUjllUlllU Auckland for Sydney
(Ofllß3fZy~ Wednesday. March 21.
•*>s ~ "^ M at Bp. m.
Favorite line around the world via Hawaii,
Samoa New Zeatand. Australia. India. Sues,
England, eto.: $610 first class.
I. D. SHKECKELS « BROS. CO., Agts.. H4Montgoman
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Freight 0ff1ce.327 Market St
A for Morning. P fo* Afternoon.
* Dally. t Sunday exempted. 1 Bandar only.
b Saturday only.
¦AXBa&Am and Frldait « Thui*i»ji and Sead&n.
CALIFORNIA NORTfIWESTEBN RY. C(X
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market S«-
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11 .00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at' 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:24
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
6:00, 6:29 p. ro.
SAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK rTAYS— B:IO, 7:50, 9:20. 11:19 a. m.; 15:45.
3:4), 6:19 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:55 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 8:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:49. 8:05.
6:25 p. m-
Between San Francisco aad Sdraetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Steamer Movements.
WAST Di VIsIOV (Sarroir Gaage}.
(Toot cf Market Streak.)
Sun, Moon and Tide.
806 Matt Hogan M
817 Tlzona 90i
812 White Fern 108
709 llranrl S«Lrhf>m. . 103 I
(823)Lavator 104
811 Esplrando .......103
807 Polka 104
817 Genua >S
Fourth race— Six furlongs; handicap.
799 Frank Bell 114
W9 Headwater U0
821 Sly 1W
(825)Lovlng Cup .113
(817) Boundlee 90
775 Ollnthus M
Fifth race-Seven furlongs; 'four-year-olds and
upward.
644 Loconomo 112
807 Muscalado 114
778 Senora Caesar.. 109
822 Milt Young 116
818 Fashion Plate.,ll7
756 El Salado 112
822 Los Prletos 114
Sixth race-One mile; four : y«ar-olds and up
7EBFormero 109 (810) Hard Kn0t.... ..112
812 Dogtown 114 798 Storm King 114
824 Dr. sneppard...l24
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Tar Hill. Mountebank, Mortgage.
Second race— Annello, Aphrodes. Trlxle R.
Third race— Sybaris, Lavator, Genua.
Fourth race— Headwater, Frank Bell, Bound
lee.
Fifth race— Senora Caesar, Milt Young, El
Ealado.
Sixth race— Hard Knot, Dr. Sheppard, For
mero.
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<f«urday). at 1 o'clock, from the residence
or her parents. 2430 Ean Bruno avenue, be-
tween Silver avenue and Solomon street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
EVER S— m Oakland. February 22, 1300. Caro-
?*~ c - beloved wife of C. A. Evers. a native
of Denmark, aged 29 years and S days.
FISHER— In Fresno, February 21. 1900, Mabel*
Alice wife of J. W. Fisher, a native of San
trancisco, aged 25 years 4 months and 21
days.
CT^Fiiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from 1427 Sanchez
street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery-
GRAY— In East Oakland. February 22, 1900,
Asaph Gray, father of Mrs. Annie G. Chap-
man, a native of Brewster. Mass., aged 85
years 7 months and 21 days.
HENNESSY— In this city. February 22. 1900,
Alice Hennessy. beloved sister of Mary Hen-
nessy and the late Mrs. James Cunningham,
a native of County Waterford. Ireland, aged
• 3 years.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
denoe, 12 Walnut avenue, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral. Van Ness avenue, where a requiem
bjgh mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 8:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery by electric
funeral car from Fourteenth and Mission
streets at 10:45 o'clock.
HILSZ— In Oakland, February 22, 1900, Charles
F.. beloved father of Anna, Charles and Wil-
liam Ililsz. a native of Germany, aged 49
years and 6 months.
HOPPE— In this city, February 21, WOO. Eliza-
beth Theresla Hoppe, beloved daughter of
William and Theresta Hoppe, and beloved sis-
ter cf Joseph. William Jr.. Franclsca, Frank,
Anna and Theodore Hoppe, a native of South
San Francisco, aged & years.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents. Cypress avenue. South San Fran-
cisco. San Mateo County. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HUGHES— In this city, February 21, John J.,
dearly beloved son of John and the late Mar-
garot Huches. and loving brother of Mabel
Hughes, and grandson of Edward and Alice
Hughes and James and the late Bridget Nel-
son, a native of San Francisco, aged 6 months
and "S days.
C7"rhe funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his grand parents. 142 Silver street, between
Third and Fourth. Interment private. In
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HARLOW— In this city. February 22. 1900, Al-
mlra, beloved wife of Dexter I, Harlow, a
native of Madison, New Hampshire, aged 57
' years and 27 days.
E7Kotlce of funeral hereafter.
KRUG— In this city, February 22, 1900. Alice,
beloved daughter of Albert and Elizabeth
Krug, a native of Ean Francisco, aged 21
days.
KIEFER— In this city. February 22. IWO, Theo-
dore, beloved son of the late Barbara Kiefer,
and brother of Mrs. Henry Ives. a native of
New Orleans, aged 42 years.
KING— In this city, February 21, 1900. Julia
King, a native of Ireland, aged 66 years.
KlEL— Entered Into rest, in this city, Febru-
ary 21. 1900, Mrs. Franc Kiel, a native of
New Jersey.
McFADDEN— In this city. February 22, 1900,
Joseph E.. beloved son of John and Hannah
McFadden, and brother of Mary, Ellen, John,
E-jgene and Nora McFadden, a native of San
Francisco, aged 4 years & months and 28 days.
C~The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 1914 Taylor street, between
Union and Filbert. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
McDEVITT— In this city, February 32, .1900.
John, beloved son of the late James and Ann
McDerltt. and brother of Annie McDevltt.
Mrs. J. Breslin ana Mrs. P. McColgan, a na-
tive of Boston. Mass. * ¦
ME—ROSE— Irf this city, February 22. 1900.
Mary A., mother" of Kenneth Melrose, In the
90th year of her aite.
CNotlce of funeral hereafter.
MARTIN— In Oakland. February 20. 1900, Dr.
W. N. Martin, father of A. W. and I. M.
I Martin, a native of Randolph, Vermont, aged
$0 years.
£7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Friday), at 11 o'clock, at Albert
Brown's undertaking parlors. Thirteenth
street. Oakland. Cremation, I. O. O. F. Cre-
matory.
MORRISON— In the City and County Hospital.
February 22. 1500, Phillip Morrison, a native
of California, aged 30 years.
OLLJER— In the City and County Hospital.
February 22. 1900, William Oilier, a native of
England, aged 36 years.
OLLIS— In the City and County Hospital, Feb-
ruary 22, 1900. Gustave Ollls, a native of
Washington, aged 42 years.
PIERCE— In this city. February 21. 1900. Frank,
beloved son of Harry and Margaret Pierce,
and brother of Gertie, Alice, Harry and
Leo Pierce, and nephew of Mrs. J. W. Lunny,
a native of Colma, Ean Mateo County, Cal.,
aged 2 years S months and 12 days.
£7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, irom the residence
of his parents. Colma, San Mateo County, Cal.
Interment Holy Cross Csmetery.
RIORDAN— In this city, February 22, 1900,
William J., dearly beloved son of T. P. and
Margaret Riordan. and brother of T. J.. Jo-
seph, Frank, Frances and Tessle Riordan and
• Mrs. W. J. Higgins, a native cf San Fran-
cisoo.
C~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 1415 Post street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
<"alvary Cemetery.
REYNOLDS— In this city. February 20. 1900.
Lieutenant George Lewis Reynolds, N. G. C.
retired, beloved husband of the late Eliza C.
Reynolds, and father of Edith G., Alice R..
George L. and Eva L. Reynolds, a native of
London, England, aged 74 years 1 month and
20 days.
C 7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, at St. Luke's Church,
corner Clay street and Van Ness avenue. In-
terment. Laurel Hill Cemetery.
RING HOLM— In the City and County Hospital.
February 22. 1900. Helma PJngholm, a native
of Minnesota, aged IS years.
RUET— In this city. February 22. 1900. Mar-
garet Ruet, beloved mother of Eugenic
Fraser, a native of France, aged "5 years.
SILVEY— In Pausallto, February 18, 1900. Syd-
ney Ellvey, beloved son of the late Mrs. J.
Ferguson, a najtlve of San Francisco, aged 17
years. . I
ITy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of A.
W. Martin & Co.. lIS Geary street. Inter-
ment L O. O. F. Cemetery.
ECHIVARTING— In this city. February 22. 1900,
Captain Dl*drich Schwartlng, di^arly beloved
husband of Dora Schwartlng. father of Aug-
ust. Dledrich Jr. and Theodore Schwartlng,
and brother vOf Otto and Adolph Echwartlng,
Mrs. Anna Gerde*. Mrs. Caroline Ochee and
Mrs. Beta Busse. a native of Neunenb^ck.
Germany, aged ES years 10 months and 9 days.
(N«w York papers please copy.)
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
'Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
SCHNITZER— In this city, February 21. 1900.
Jacob, dearly beloved husband of Rica
Scbnltser. and father of Siegbert, LUlle,* Sa-
rah, Abe and Ruby Schnltzer, a native of
Breslau. Germany, aged S7 years and 19 days.
(New York and Chicago papers please copy.)
iryFriends an<l acquaintances and members
of Pacific Lodge No. 48. I. O. B. 8.. and
Chebra Ahatvoth Zlon are respectfully Invited
to attend the funeral this day (Friday), at 10
o'clock, from his late residence, 1107 Golden
Gate avenue, between Pierce and Scott
streets, and thence by train leaving Third
and Townsend street* at 11:30 o'clock to Hills
of Kternity Cemetery" for Interment.
SHORT— In this city. February 22, 1900, at his
residence, 1013 Powell street, Thomas, be-
lovod husband of Catherine . Short, and
father of Marie and Josephine Short, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 7S years.
TAYI/}R— ln this city, February 22. 1900. Ida
L.. beloved wife of E. A. Taylor, a native of
Illinois, aged 44 years. - '
iryNotlre of funeral hereafter.
Time— %, :26%; H. :53U; «4. 1:19%: mile, 1:46^4; lVlm, a:I2H- Good start. Won easily, second
and third driving, winner, S. F. Capps' eh. g., by Cyclone-Nyanza. The race a nightmare.
Vr. Marks became becalmed. ¦
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
826. FIRST RACE— Four furlongs; maiden two-year-olds; purse, $400.
ARRIVED.
Thursday. February 23.
Jap stmr America Maru, Going, 26 days 16
hours 15 mln from Hongkong, via Tokohama
15 days, via Honolulu 5 days 19 hours 15 mln.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, 55 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Laguna, Stark, 32 houra from Eureka.
Stmr Bonlta, Nlcolson, 78 hours from Newport
South and way ports.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 16 hours from
Mendocino.
i Stmr Gipsy, Lelaad. 20 hours from Monterey
and way ports.
Tug Ranger, Nelson, 22 hours from Eureka.
Schr Ocean Spray, Laraen. 40 hours from
Iversens Landing.
Schr Laura Mad sen, Jortrenson, 8 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Parkersbur*. Jorgenson, 8 days from
Coqullle River.
SAILED.
Thursday, February 22.
Stmr State of California. Gage, Astoria.
Stmr National City. Dettmers, Grays Harbor.
Rtmr Willamette. Hansen, Seattle.
Stmr South Portland, Hall. Oyster Harbor.
Stmr Samoa, Jabnsen, Eureka.
Stmr Arcata. Reed, Coos Bay.
Stmr Corona, Glelow, San Dlejro.
Stmr- Washtenaw.- Gllboy, Tacoma,
Stmr Rival. Johnson.
Haw stmr Kinau. Freeman, Makawell.
Br ship Crown of Denmark, Milman, Queens
town.
Bark Germanla. Rnsmussen, Seattle.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Fort Ross.
TELEGRAPHIC.
rOINT LOBOS— Feb 22. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 12 miles.
SPOKEN.
Feb 17—74 N 28 9 W, etmr Allianca, from New
York for Colon.
pec 13— t5 S 65 W, ship M F Chapman, from
New York for San Francisco.
Jan 2—2 3o S 29 W, Br bark Sofala, from
Portland, for Queenstown.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT B LAKELET— Arrived Feb 22— Schr
Comet, from San Pedro.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 22— Stmr Czarina, he
Feb 18.
PORT TOWNSEND-r Arrived Feb 22— Schr
Chas E Falk. from Honolulu.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Feb 21— Schr Ban
gor, trom Ban Die<ro: bktn Monitor, hence Feb
11: stmr Coquille River, hence Feb 17.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Feb 22— Br stmr
Inverness, from Shanghai.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Feb 22— Schr Ida
Schnauer. hence Feb 19.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Feb 22— Bktn
Quickstep, hence Feb 15; schr H C Wright, fm
Hllo; schr Maid of Orleans, hence Feb 12; schr
Maria E Smith, hence Feb 15. -
I BOWENS • LANDlNG— Arrived Feb 22— Schr
Mary Etta, hence Feb 15.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Feb 22— Schr
Una. hence Feb 15. -
USAL— Arrived Feb 22— Stmr Newsboy. hnc«
Feb 21.' ' "
SAN PEt>RO— Arrived Feb 22— Schr Lucy, fm
Umpqua: , stmr Newburg. from Grays Harbor;
schr Mary E Russ. from Grays Harbor.
ASTORlA— Arrived Feb 22— Stmr Despatch,
hence Feb 19; bktn Tarn o'»Shanter. hence
Feb 10.
• Sailed Feb 22— Stmr Columbia, . for San Fran
cisco; bartre Wasbtuona, for Grays Harbor.
COQUILLE RlVER— Sailed Feb 14— Schr Vo
lante. for San Francisco.
¦ PORT H A DLOCK— Arrived F«b 22— Br stmr
Inverness, from Kobe.
. EUREKA— SaiIed Feb 2— Scar Mabel Gray,
tor San Fedro; schr Halcyon, tor Ban Pedro;
7:30 ami IHopland and I
\ t:0O am| Cklan. | T:» pm
TO SAIL.
Badgers Elect Officers.
Special Dispatch to The Call. ¦- .
SAN JOSE, Feb. 22.— The Badger Society
of Santa Clara County, composed of ex
residents of Wisconsin, held its tenth an
nual midwinter banquet and reunion at
the Unitarian Church to-day. The follow
ing officers were elected for the ensuing
year: President, Prof. Volney Rattan;
lirst vice-president, Charles Kaye of Santa
Cruz; second vice-president, Mrs. A.
Birge; secretary. C. W. Cutler; treasurer,
Byron Millard; executive committee. W.
C. Bailey (chairman), Mrs. W. G; Hawley,
Mrs. W. S. Orvls, Mrs. A. E. Wilder, Mrs.
E. P. Main, Mrs. Dr. Perrin, Mrs. Carrie
Matthew. Dr. G. F. Witter, H. T. Ball, M.
Farrell of Mountain View, W..H. Bias of
Banta Cruz.
Glenwood, Santa Cruz County, was
TO ARRIVE.
TOYO KISE_N KAMA.
STEAMERS UTL.Ii LEAVE TVHARF. COR-
nor of First and Brannan . streets. 1 ». m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, callln* at
Kobe (Iliogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
AMERICA MARU Wednesday. March 7
HONGKONG MARU Saturday, March 81
NIPPON MARU Wednesday, April 23
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and paasace apply at company's office,
421 Market st.. corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
COAST DITISIOS (Droad Gauge).
(Third mid Townsend Sta.)
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 23.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Mrs Murton, New York
P F Martin, San Jose
B T Flint & w. Or
C Scholz. ' Sydney
M A McDonald. Napa
E C Dearborn Fresno
J Foley, Portland
S Bryan, Seattle
T Chandler, Uktah
J Meisel. Ft Baker
J C McCarty. Cal
J Fallmann, Cal
G H Fallmann, Cal
E Qulnn, Manila
W J Dllworth. Phlla
E B Jennlncs, Or
J Leahy, Butte
F J Bchulta & f, Cal
M D Shaw, Garbervllls
W J Turner, Modesto
PALACE HOTEL.
E W O'Brien/ Chicago
G N Thornton, Chicago
R U Fitzgerald, Oak
Carl Mahroy, S Jose
P Wadsworth, Chicago
W Webb, Chicago
T Hellyer, Chicago
H D Campbell. Cal
W McCloud, Salt Lake
R C Lund, Salt Lake
Walter Hall, Chicago
Miss Goeckly, Conn
G W Seneca. Cal
L A Robinson & w. Pa
F A Deay & w, Pa
R U Utley & w. Pa
D B Lyman, Nev
D Cormllt. St Joe
D A Robinson, Wash
W A Brewer, S Mateo
F W Kemllng, S Jose
G B Davis Jr. N T
A M Henry & da, Mich
Walter Wise, N T
W Levy, Chicago
J Rosenfeld, Chicago
B P Moore. N V
J McFadden, S Crus
F A Utchey & w, Or
H G Vogel, N V
S G Wllklns, Chicago
C L Tweed. Term
J 8 Flaron. Shanghai
S C Tooker, Minn
Mrs Armstrong, S Jos*
GRAND HOTEL.
M T Johnson, Sacto
A Borg. Grass Valley
T J Berry. Fresno
E M Rosenberg. 8 Jose
G Mainhart. Gr Valley,
T P Roster, Napa
J J Black, Berkeley
J W White, Berkeley
H T Kron. Sta Cruz
T F Mahoney, Mont
J Arnett, Cal
D A Connolly, Cal
J Goldman, Merced
J Garibaldi. Merced
A Stern & w, N Dak
J Hoeschen, Mclrose
W F Ingalls. Napa
E H Qulmby, Kas City
C II Schlveley, Cal
W 8 Berry, Visalla
J J Cunningham & w,
Vallejo
A M Turner & w, Cal
W W Barrett. NT
Mrs M W George. Cal
Mlse C George, Cal I
P Allen &w. 8 Dak J
T Lee & w. Sacto I
A C Crane, N J
Miss E Coller, Freeport
H C Griffith, Holyoka
Mrs E Reavls, Sacto
J J Hebbron, Salinas
R T Brown, 8 Carlos
E G Manasse & vr, Cal
M T GUmore, S Diego
E C Hlnck, N J
J H Crosett & w, Cal
W H Atkinson, Kapa
T Sanford & w, Vallejo
J Craig. Cal
J S Craig. Cal
A B Stewart. Stanford
Dr E Flllpello. S Jose
N A Pellerano. S Jose
G Tlscornla, Modesto
C A Hall Chicago
D Kent. Sacto
E T Fraser, w & eh,
Sacramento
Miss McClatchy. Sacto
J Well, Sacramento
H M Hewitt-. Stlllwater
G R Stewart. Cal
J B Arstey & w, Mich
OCEAN TBAVEL.
BIG CARD AT NEW ORLEANS.
George Washington Handicap Goes
to Second Choice.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 22.— T0 celebr»t«
Washington's birthday the management
put on a card of seven races to-day, the
George Washington handicap being the
stellar event. Al Fresco was .made a
strong favorite but was pocketed and had
poor racing luck, and the prize, went to
Wolhurst, the second choice, who disposed
easily of Eva Rice. Zack Ford, Bequeath
and L. T. Catori were the winning favor
ites. Results:
Selling, six and a half furlongs— Tobe
Paine won, Dlggs second, Dolly Wletholf
third. Time. 1:2J%.
Selling, two-year-olds, four and a half
furlongs— Zack Ford won, Blink second,
Daisy Osborne third. Time, :56»i.
Selling, one mile— Tlpgalrant won. Lady
of the West second, Quanah Parker third.
Time, 1:44V4.
George Washington handicap, one mile
and seventy yards— Wolhurst won, Eva
Rice second, Al Fresco third. Time, 1:48.
Selling, seven furlongs— L. T. Catoa
won, Nellie Prince second, Chiffon third.
Time, 1:30.
Selling, one mile— Bequeath won. Swords
man second, Colonel Eads third. Time,
Selling, six furlongs— First Past won,
Jamaica second, Wedding Guest third.
Time, 1:16H-
Weather Report.
-«-.', (120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. n. ISOO-4 p. m.
The' following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with thos« of the same date
last season, and rainfalls In the last twenty
four houra: ,
Last This Last
Stations— , 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.14 28.98 18.77
Red Bluff Trac« 11.45 1.1.13
Sacramento 0.00 ' .13.M 7.85
San Francisco 0.01 13.10 7.77
Fresno 0.00 "6.20 8.86
Independence 0.00 2.12 1.15
San Luis Obispo 0.00 12.67 7.15
Los Angeles 0.00 ' 4.57 2.96
San Diego 0.00 2.64 1.73
Tuma 0.00 0.75 1.34
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
64; minimum. 52: mean, 58.
WEATHER , CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST,
Generally cloudy and - threatening weather
prevails over Washington, Oregon and the
Rocky Mountain region. Light rain Is reported
from Washington and Northern Oregon and
light snow from the Rocky Mountain region.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the north
ern portion of the Pacific slope and fallen over
Arizona and Southern California.
The temperature has fallen over th» plateau
region and remained about stationary In other
districts.
The following high winds ar* reported: Inde
pendence, 26 miles per hour from the north;
Salt Lake City, 52, north; Pocatello, 23, west;
Portland, 26, southwest..
A thunderstorm is reported from Pocatello.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, February 23, 1900:
Northern California — Fair Friday; fresh
northerly wind.
Southern California— Fair Friday; brisk
northerly wind.
Nevada— Fair Friday.
• Utah — Snow, followed by fair Friday.
Arizona— Cloudy, probably with snow In
northern portion; partly cloudy in southern por
tion Friday: cooler.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday; con
tinued warm: fresh northwest wind.
G. H. WILLSON, Local Forecast Official.
AUCTION SALES
ZOROASTER
BEAT GEYSER
IN A RUSH
Corrigan's Pet Lost the Ver
dict by a Scant Head. *
Tanforan Results.
A big crowd of holiday sport seekers
found Its way down to Tanforan Park
yesterday, and many must have thought
they were at one of the coursing parks,
for the fields comprised the cheapest lot
of "dogs" that have sported colors this
season. The one redeeming feature of the
exercises was the defeat of Geyser, the
pet and pride of the Corrigan stables, by
Zoroaster, nearly causing the crowd to go
frantic, as the game little son of Rayon
dOr reached the wire first by the scant
est of heads. It was a "special" over one
and a sixteenth miles. Geyser with
Spencer up, and carrying 116 pounds, being
installed a 1 to 2 favorite, while 2& to 1
was laid about Zoroaster, with Milt Henry
and 111 pounds in the saddle. The track,
which was cuppy and slow, did not suit
F. \V. Brode, the useful colt acting in the
capacity of an "Havana filler." Geyser
showed to be many pounds below a won
der, for when Zoroaster collared him in
the stretch be howled so loud that all the
rest of the dogs on the trade followed suit,
and was eventually beaten out. Spencer
claimed a foul — on the ground that Henry
and his mount bore in, and for nearly five
minutes the judges actually deliberated
as to whether or not the people who
backed the winner were entitled to their
money. On no other track in America
would the absurd claim have received
any consideration and Spencer, according
to racing rules, would have been punished
for his piece of frivolity. Had a repeti
tion of the gross and shameful outrage
occurred when Pat Morrissey was dis
qualified and the race given to Corrigan' s
Adolph Spreckels one day last spring, It
is safe to predict a bloody riot would
have taken place, for the limit has about
been reached. Hundreds of pale-faced
men stood about the judges' stand, and
trouble would certainly have been precipi
tated had Corrigan's horse been given
the race.
As usual the first choices fared badly, four
of them being swept away. Barney Schrei
ber's jockey Henry carried off the saddle
honors by piloting three of the winners.
He is destined to become one of the crack
light weights.
There was nothing to the two-year-old
dash but Corrigan's filly Artena. With
Spencer in the saddle, she ruled. an even
money favorite, winning with the great
est ease from Countess Clara, the rank
outsider of the company. On Time, the
second choice, made a very poor showing.
The track looked just about to the lik
ing of Wyoming, and the unlucky bay
horse went to the post favorite for the
first mile selling affair. Getting anxious
before half the rout© had been covered,
T. Walsh, who had the mount on the first
choice, passed Ping, and struck the
stretch Just swinging. Near the paddock,
J. Walsh on Espionage, a 7 to 1 shot, came
with a rush, beating the leader out a neck.
The heavily backed Tappan finished third.
Tempo enjoyed a cake-walk in the mile
and a quarter run, fourth on the card.
Backed from 2 to 1 down to 7 to 6, Henry
early assumed the lead with him, winning
handily from Don Quixote, the Corrigan
entry. Tom Cromwell hobbled in third.
Mat Storn took the fifth number with
Sunello. Four to one was obtainable
against the colt, which won ridden out
from Red Cherry. The favorite. Katie
Gibbons, finished third.
Dr. Marks, the 3 to 5 choice for the final
race, made a miserable showing, landing
outside of the money. Rapido, with Henry
up, enjoyed an easy victory over Inverary
Track Notes.
Listening no doubt In part to the wall of
the "knockers," the judges suspended Vlt
titoe for 30 days, hto ride on Castake not
meeting with their approval. The horsa
was a 30 to 1 shot In the opening betting.
The stand also requested Gaylon Brown
to In future put up a stronger rider on
Wyoming. Turf history would recite that
It is weaker ones that are required.
Following are the weights for the mile
and a furlong handicap to be decided to
morrow:
Geyser, 121: Hard Knot, 118: Malay. 102;
Catastrophe. 109; Daisy F. 102; Tlmemaker, 115;
F. W. Erode. 100; Potente, 115; Boundlee, 85;-
Topmast, Zoroaster, 118; Advance Guard,
100; Cormorant, 104; None Such. 97; Morincl,
100; Norford, 85; Loving Cup, 110; Weller, 97.
To-Day's Entries.
First race^ — Six furlongs; three-year-olds
puree.
(S3o)Sunello 107
£11 Mortgage 105
BCB Mountebank ....107
744 St. Anthony ....107
802 The Soot ........107
705 Bogus Bill 110
643 Tar Hill 110
819 Tomale 107
788 Tom Sharkey 107
802 Gusto 110
Second race — Three and a half furlongs;
maiden two-year-olds.
791 Sublime 101
7T9 Ravelling 11l
732 Aphrodes 10S
791 Intrepldo :108
826 Countess Clara.. 103
779 Trixie R 101
... Screenwel Lake. loB
814 Forbes 11l
... Cushion 107
814 Floranthe 101
826 Briton 108
... Annello, b. f.,
Artlllery-Fannle
S 108
Third race — Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward; selling.
S2S Alleviate 105
827 Lady Britannic. lol
(813)Sybar!s 103
807 Sallle Goodwin. .lol
800 Silver Tall ..102
777 Devereaux 31
659 Momentum ICC
819 Nora Ives 98
stmr Pasadena, for Ban Pedro; stmr Norta
Fork, for San Francisco.
Arrived Feb 22 — Stmr Homer, from Astoria.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Feb 22— Schr Lottie Car
son, for Eureka.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Feb 2J— Btr Whltes
boro. hence Feb 11.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 21— Stmr Finance,
from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONOIPU— SaiIed Feb 10-Schr John O
North, for San Francisco.
HlL— Arrived Feb s— Br stmr Port Albert, fm
Seattle. . .
Sailed Feb 1-Schr H C Wright, for Port
Townsend. Feb 2 — Schr Eva, for Port • Towns
end. Feb 10— Bktn Irmeard, for San Fran
cisco. • . - • .
KAHULUl— Arrived Feb 11— Stmr Centennial,
hence Jan 31.
Sailed Feb 13— Bictn Mary Wlnkelman. for
San Francisco.
HONOLULU— SaiIed Feb »-Br stmr Coptic,
for San Francisco; U S stmr Pathfinder, for
Lahainia. Feb 10— Br bark Adderley, for Royal
Roads; Jap stmr Doyo Mam, for Portland.
Feb 14— Ship St Nicholas, for Port Townsend;
schr Golden Shore, for Port Townsend.
Arrived Feb 9— Br stmr Coptic, from Yoko
hama; ship Chas E Moody, from Tacoma. Feb
10— Schr G W Watson, from Port Townsend:
schr F 6 Redfleld. from Tacoma. Feb 11 — Schr
Emma Claudina, from Eureka. Feb 13— Br ship
Glennesslin. from Newcastle. NSW; bktn Ara
go, from Plsagua. Feb 15— Br atmr Strathgyle.
from Yokohama. Feb 14— Stmr Australia, hce
Feb 7: Br ship Asplce, from Newcastle. NSW.
Feb 15— Bark Albert, henc* Jan 20; ship John
McDonald, from Hongkong. Feb 16— Brig Har
riet G, hence Jan 2S; Jap atmr America Mara,
from Yokohama. Feb 15— Jap strar Nippon Ma
ru. hence Feb 9.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Feb Jl-Stmr Ger
manic, from Liverpool for New York; stmr
Rhynland. from Liverpool for Philadelphia.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Feb 22— Stmr Cuflc. fm
New York; stmr Waesland, from Philadelphia.
GLASGOW— Arrived Feb 23— Stmr Anchorta.
from New York.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL^ FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1900.
chosen as the place for holding: the mid
summer reunion of the society, and Sep
tember 9th fixed as the date.
V^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
A»^.||(J2r»HEAESYST. EaUbllshM
fflWf^ In 1534 forthetrejitmentof Private
™ijk<3|f Diseasrs, Lost Manhood. Debility or
HGmfM dlspase rearing on bodyand mind and
<oB?BlE3 Skln Diseases, l'bedoctorcureswbeii
jTBHWHH others falL Try him. Charges low
<3H8H98b9 Ci»r»»sr«u»r»»iiter«l. Callorwrite
Or. J. *'. bUIUO.V, Box 1997, 5 an i'raacSsca
NOTICE !
GOVERNMENT SALE
POSTPONED
CNTH, FURTHER NOTICE.
WATCH THIS ADVERTISEMENT FOR DAT
AXD DATE OF SALE.
Sale consisting of MOO Tents; COOO Curtains and
Nets: «000 Duck and Drill Mattress Covers; IOW
Sleeping Bags; 8500 Pillows; 4000 Shelter Tents;
500 Herman Silver Band Instruments. Bass and
Fnare Drums; 100 Filters; ZW Galvanized Water
Buckets: 500 Assort«*d Shovels, etc.
Contractors. Klondikers, resort k»«>pers. camp-
ers, hotels, steamboats, sallmakprs. tent and
awnlnc makers, attention callwi to this sale.
NETV TORK AUCTION' <"0.. Auctioneers.
•OCTHKHI PACIFIC COJIPASI.
tr-Acirio ststkW.)
Tialßa Imid wail nre iln« t» nrrltr* al
MAN I'KOICIMO.
(Vain Lbe, Foot of Market Street)
Ut*va — Trou Czcxubza 13, 1339. — aßxrra
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front. (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
•7:OOa Benicfa, Sidsan, Elmlxm. VaearCle,
Rnmseyand Sacramento *7:»3»
*?<*<>a Skasta Express— Darlx, - Willows,
Red Blufli PorUaad.. # 7j43#
•7i3»a If attloes, San I'.imon, Vallejo. Napa.
CallstoiaanilSanu Ilosa *9ilSs>
•*i»Oa The Overland Limned— Ogdan. Den*
yer. Omaha. Chicago *3il3V
••iS»VSiu Jue. LlTcimcre. Btockloa,
' ¦ lone, Baerameato, IlicrrrUlß,
M»rya?lil«, Cblco. UedßluS MililF
•»i3«4 •MlltOD.Oakdaleaml Honori M>l3»
•9:00 a Haywarda. Niles and Way BUUoos. «H : 13*
•»:«Oa Dat is. Woodland. KnlshU Tending.
Marystuie. Oro»Ul«_ •7:I.1»
•9t—k AtUntl-j Kxpress— Omlen and Eat* •«: 13*
•»iOO A MaTtlnes. Tracy. Latbrop, Ktockton.
Slfrc-d*aJ I'rctaiv *l3i]3y
••i«*a Port Costa, Fimoo^ MoJaTa and Los
' Aocel«9 »«i43f
•1»iOOi VaUejo. Martines aod Way BteUona *8>43»
•ll:O*AHaywuds,NUesard Way Stations. *2il3f
• 12:0« m Kllea, Lirerßora, Stockton. Hacra.
¦ento, MendoU. Ilanford, Visalla,
rotteriille..... Mil*
f lt««p Baerantento Ulfsr Bte«m«rs t?' 4 **
•9f*r Hatwaids, KUea and Wa» Btattoas. # ail3#
•4itt«r Marline*, San Itamon. Vallejo,
Maps, Oaltstoea, Santa R05a...... *9>l S*
Mi«»f Benici*. Vaca»lU«, Bacramsnta,
. Woouland, KnlshU Laadjnf,
- MansrUK OroTllla ••?'«*
•4i»»»WU«*> San Jose aod Btocktea •7ilB*
'•-.irThi Owl Urniteil— Tracr. Tresno,
Bakanflald. Saagns for Bant* B_-
bara. Lcs Aoiceles. f l«i43i
«Si«Of Boaaet Lbcited— £l Pa** Sew O*.
leans and East «1»»43*
•SiB«t Btocktou. MereetL Tnsao •18H3*
•Bi3of Tresno, Bakenllefd. SanU Barban.
Los Acgeie*. Deming, _ Paso>
New Orleans aod East •»•«»
•SiS«» BanU re ltonte— Aklautie Sxprsa*
(oillojata ami Eaa »...., *«»43»
•«i«O» Haywarda, Nn<i aad San Josa «7i4it4
t«saorVa_Jo »iail»r
•••Sor Oriental MaO-Ogdea and East •Si.i«r
t7t««r Vallejo, Foil CosU and Way Sta.
. Uons t»<33»
•SiOSr Oregon and California Express, flao*
ramento. MarjstiUe, Itaildtuir,
t'mtlaixl. Puget Kouml a»«l Ka«> **il»^
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
wharf, San Francisco: '
For Alaskan rorts. 10 a. m.
K*^»^ Keb. 5. 10. 15. 20. 25; Mar. 2.
|:gft*J£*Jff*jaw t.tiange to company" s steamers
EgftilgSX&a For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
ra^X_»ff'»,l C), Port Towr.send. Seattle.
|^"*^Elk%>'w Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.).
r~«r ~« 10 _ m.. Feb. B. 10. IS. 20. la.
Mar. 2, and every fifth day thereafter: change
at Seattle to this company's steamers for Alas-
ka and O. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry. ¦ ¦
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m., Feb.
3, 8, 13, 18, 23. 28. Mar. E. and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. , San Simeon. Cajr-
uco9. Port Harford (San Luis Obtspo), Oavtota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro.
East Ban Pedro (Los Angelas) and Newport. 9
a. m., Feb. 4. t. 12. IS. 20. 24. IS. Mar. 4. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Hirford
(San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a. m.,
Feb. 2, 6. 10. 14. 18. 23. 26. Mar. 2, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz, Santa Roaalta
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. Mar. I, and 7th
of each month thereafter.
For further Information obtain company's
fol'ler.
The company res«rr«e the right to change
steamers, calling dates and hours of sailing,
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICK- 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., C| n. Arts..
10 Market st, Sar« Francisco.
~**ilsAN»wark.Centertll!a,t:»nJo!o,F'lWn,
Boulder Creek./Baata Cruz aad Way
Stations •»_••
t»>l ar Newark, Ceoterrille, Ban Jc»«, N«»
. Abnaden, l'eltou. Boulder Creek. - .
flanta Cros and Principal Way
Stations t« <*!**»
MilSp ITewaxk, Ban Jose, Los Gatos. *Oi3O*
IllitSr Banters* Eicurslon, Ban Jose and
Way Stations f7i»OT
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtalll MUICISCO— »nt *! Mir, it J: f ni(s:i? sti-
*7:lS 900 1100 a.m. 11:03 *2:53 t3:C3
*<:C3 13:13 •B:C3r.M.
rnaOlXUlS— root •rßrndeiT.— '4:oo 8:00 10-Mk.m.
t!2:C3 »I^3 »:C3 *3:C3 ti=C3 -giQ.M.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the earls' morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane \>f
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
I 3I 3 O I=_ T _L._^_nTlD
From Spear-street Wharf at IB a. m.
CADC 112 First Class Including Berth
IAnC S3 Second Class aad Meals.
COLUMBIA sails.... Feb. 17. 27. Mar. », 13
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails...-
Feb. 22, March «. 14. 24
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO..
Superintendents.
4«>lOa Ocean View. South San Francisco.. t«:3Or
•7xoo a San Jose ami Way Stations (Now
,* Almaden Wednesdays only) «l:»i>r
.•»»«•* Ban Joso, Ties I'inoa, Bauta Croa.
' P»slUo Grove. Fuo Ilobles. Bao
f I.uls OMspo. Sntf. Lompce aud
Principal Way Stations M:l«f
»l •¦<•* Sen Joss «n J V.»y Buttons *«!&»*
•lIiSOa San Jose aud Way Stations •3j30»
B t*t43r Ban Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park, ' .
• Palo Alto,' Santa Clara, San Jose.
, Tr«a Pinos, Santa Crux. BaUnaa,
_ Monterey and I'aeiOo Gtot* tfß>3*A
"lSia»r Baa Jose and Wsy Stations *7i3Or
fiilSr Ban Jose and Principal Way Station. •'•»= lit
43:«4>f Ban Jose and Principal Way Stations 41>:O»*
•3s3Or Ban Jos* ami Principal Way Stations ¦MSS*
*8:3 Or Saa Jose ami Way Stations fftiOO*
|11i43p San Jcsaaml Way Stations »?:30r
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW YORK. 50UTHAMPT05. LONDON. PASIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
Friesland Feb. 2S Kensington ...March 21
New York March 7 New York March 2S
St. Paul March 11 St. Paul April 4
RED STAR LINE.
New Yorl^ arjd Antwerp.
From New York every Wednesday, 11 noon.
Frtesland Feb. 2$ Kensington ...March 21
Southwark ...March 7 Noordland March 2S
Westernland ..March 14 Friesland. April 4
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Mlcbael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery st., or any of Its agencies.
Leave Arrive
Ean Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
1 October 1S» —
Week Sun- 1899. Sun- Week
Days. I days. Destination, days. Days.
7:30 am S:0O am Novato. 10:40 ami t:4O am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. «:06 pm;10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Roea, 7:35 pm| «:2J pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Eaaldsburs,
Lytton.
Geysenrllle,
1:23 pm 1:90 am Cloverdals. 7:33 pm I:2J pa
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyright, 1900, by H. H. Egbert.)
TANFORAN PARK. Thursday. February 22, 1900.— Weather fine. Track heavy.
7:SO am ( 1 VS.Vt am
1:00 ami GuerntvllW. I IJJpm
3:30 pm j l._ pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma I 1:15 ami 1:49 am
and f
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellsn. f (:0S pm[ 1:21 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami Sevastopol. 110:41 am: 10:35 am
1:30 pin I 6:00 pm| | 7:33 pm| <:33 pm
&27. SECOND RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMERS.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MOK., Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at B:i3
a. m.; 4:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m., 8
p m. Landlnsr and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 130t.
FARE 800
Time— % :KM: H. :51*i: ?i, l:17tf; mile, 1:44};. Good start. Won easily, second and third
driving. Winner, L. H. Ezell's b. f., by Inspector B-Sun Maid. Walsh on Wyoming made
an early run, but winner probably best. Tappan away poorly. Nothing happened Captive.
Ping quit under weak handling. Castake no account. Scratched — White Fern 106, Schrelber
101. Choteau 98, Perseus 101.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton. Springs: at Geyservlll* for Skaggs
Springs; at Cloverdal* for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Sprlnsrs,
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlatt Springs: at Uktah for Vichy
Springs Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day's, Rlv«rslde. Uerley's.
Buckn*U's, Sanhedrin Heights. HullvlUe, Orr's
Hot Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg.
Wtstport. Usal. Willltts. Laytonvtlle. Cum-
mlnjfs. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen'a. Dyer.
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday ronnd-trlo tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St.. Chronicle bldg.
H. C. WHITIXO. R. X. RTAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
N2S. THIRD RACK— MiIe and a sixteenth; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400
Time— l-16. :07; 5-16. :S3'/4; 9-15. :BS; 13-16, 1:24%; mile, 1:43/4: 1 l-16m. 1:50. Good start. Won
all three driving. Winner W. Shields' b. g. by imp. Rayon d'Or-lmp. Astoria. Spencer on
Geyser picked the deep going. Henry on winner rode a perfect race. Brode likes a fast
track.
820. FOURTH RACE— MiIe and a quarter; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400
Time— V*. :25U; %, :*•; 94, 1:19: mile, l:4o%; Him. 2:12. Good start. Won easily, second and
third driving. Winner. A. Wright & Co.'s eh. h.. by imp. Whistlejacket-On the Lea. Tempo
pounds the best. Tom Cromwell was sore, as usual. Greyhurst tried to occupy the entire
trsrk. Scratched— None Such 109. ¦ . ¦
830. FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
Time— »<». :26; H. :sm; %. 1:1SV»: mile, 1:46.. Gk>od start. Won first three driving. Winner,
M Storn'n b. g., by Morello-Sunlit. Winner nicely ridden. Under more urgent rid Inn Red
Cherry mUht have scored. Katie Gibbons stopped. Calvert sulked the first part. .
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Vln Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing October 1. IJW.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VA__TT
r- AND "BAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATB— •7:00, »«:30, 11:00 a. m.: 1:*.
•3:40, 6:15. «:00. «:S0 p.- ra.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturday*,
at 9:00 and .11:30 o. m.
SUNDAYS— *t:OO, 'lOiOO. '11:50 a. m.; *105,
8:15. »4:45. 8:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to Ban Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. •«:». 7:tt. *9:40 a. m.;
•13:30. 2:15. »3:40. »J:IS p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at <:40 and 10:16 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:2O. •8:00. »10:00. ni:4» _'¦ a.;
"1:40. »i:l5. 4:45. *«:30 P. m. - >
Trains marked (•) start from Ban Qoentln.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— I:4S. «:45." 7:56. »:4S' a. _.;
12:35, 2:35. 3:45. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays aad
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. tn.
SUNDAYS— B:OS. 10:06 a. m.; 11:06, 1:15. 1:80,
5:00. (:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days — Casadero and way stations.
1:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tocnalss and way stations.
<:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomalss and way station*.
MOUNT TAMALPfIIS SCENIC * RfIiLWAY
Leave San Francisco via' Sausalito Ftrry.
Week days 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Sundays.... 8:00. 10:00 a. m. and I:4* p. _,
Bteam-heated closed car on all triana.
rare— San Francisco to Summit and Return.
$140. ' j- .___
S.'IJ. SIXTH RACE— MiIe and a quarter: selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse. MOO.
•:23p3i
9
Index. Home. Welght.|St.
714 Artena 110 2
814 Countess Clara 110 6
814 Follow Me 113 1
814 Briton 110 4
814 On Time 110 3
... MaMonado •••• US 6
_^i_lsL
%m.
1 1
6
2 V*
5 2
4 1
3 5
Str.
1 1
8 h
2 3
4 1
6 1
6 •
1 .1 Betting.
_T In J_J Jockeys- [OP- Cl.
"7H Spencer 4-5 11-10
2 1 I. Powell 15 40
BVi Glover 15 30
4 6 Bullmnn < 7
5 4 X Ross 8-5 5-2
6 E. Jonea 6 9-2
:ndex. Home. Age. Weight. |St.
(812) Espionage, 4 S8 8
812 Wyoming, a 101 6
7*l Tappan, 6 109 9
(fell) Captive, a 108 7
812 Facade. 4 100 4
(796) Ping. 6 101 5
654 Weller.' 4 103 3
792 Lady Britannic. 6.. M 3
£12 Castake. 6 105 1
Urn.
8H
6 1
9
7 3
3 4
1 1
6 h
3 2
¦4 M
%m.
«H
2 1
8
4 H
8 1
1 4
6 1
5 1
74
3 h
1 1
4 4
6 1
8 2
2 H
9
6 1
7 1
Btr.ic
2 2
1 Vi
3 1
4 2
6 1
7 2
8 1
9
6 1
Fin.
1 n
2 4
3 3
4 '4
6 3
6>,4
7 1
8 1
9
J Jockeys. . |Op. Cl.
J. Walsh 4 6
T. Wa15h...... 11-6 2
Bullman 3 4
H. Shields. ..w 3 6
Henry 6 8
H. Stuart 7 10
K. Robs 20 49
J. Martin 15 25
Vlttltoe 20 10
ndex. Hors*. Age^J\>lght.|St^_
>80S 4 11l 3
(815) Geyser, C 116 2
7C9 F. W. Brode. 3 103) 1
Jim.
12
_3
2 3
1 !
3
2 <•
1 2
3
Str.
"in
2 3
3
Fin.
1 h
2 10
3
| Jockeya. |Op. Cl.
~ Honry 2 B^2
Spencer 1-2 9-20
T. Burns 6 g
ndex. Home. Age. Weight. |St.
(787) Tempo, 6 .-112 5
(Si*) Don Quixote. 5 193 3
SO4 Tom Cromwell, a.. .112 2
6PJ Kastaine. i i.l^2 4
6KO Grey hurst. 6 109 1
Km.
2 h
4%
3 h
6
1 1
Vim.
1 h
4 I
3 h
5
2 2
_ %m. '
1 4
2 h
3 2
6
4 3
' Str.
1 i
23
3 6
4 h
5 .
Fin.
16
2 3
3 15.
4 h
6
_| Jockeys. (Op. Cl.
Henry | '¦% 7-5
Spencer 7-10 8-5
: E. Jones 5 8
T. Wa15h...... 12 20
Eullman 8 9-2
Inrtfx. Hor»«. Age. Weight. (St. Mm.
819 Sunello,;3 ..'M 4 2~1
*20 Red Cherry. 3 79 5 6 h
825 Katie Gibbons, 4... 94 2 14
816 Tom Calvert. 6. .....101 U 11
821 Jockey BUI, 5 107 10 9 1
SOI Correct. 4 9« 1 6 2
819 Jolly Briton. 3 85 3 8 1
737 Nance OWeH. 3 79 6 4 h
795 Mies Soak. 6 9S 7 »H
789 Caenar Young, 8.... 89 9 7 1
... N'orblleh. a 104 8 10 2
Mm.
S 1
4 V,
15
11
9 2
8 1
7 1
5 1
* H
6 1
105
Km. Str. Fin. | Jockey. |Op. Cl.
2 S 777" Hi T. Walsh I 4.4
8 5 ... 2 3 Ranch ........ 8 xl 2
11 ... 3 H J. Walsh 8-5 7-5
11 ... 41 Henry 3 9-8
10 1 ... 5 2 Morgan 20 .. 20
(1 ... 6 2 Buchanan .... 6 JO
4 2 ... '7 2 Fauntleroy ... 20 30
7^ ... 8 3 Dunn 6 16
6 1 ... 9 2 J. Daly 12 12
5? ... 10 3 Stuart 15 30
9 X ... 11 Bullman ...... 20 40
ftjfj^Horae. Age. Weight. |St.
756 Rapldo. a 109 7
823 Imerary 11, 5 109 5
778 Colonel Root, 6 112 1
(808) Lomo, 6 10» 8
815 Dr. Marks, 5 100 4
665 ITntversUy. a 109 3
792 P F.-6 .:.... 109 2
¦ Km. 'Am. %m. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. |Op. ci.
12 12 -n 13 18 Henry 4 5
7 2h24 25 23 E. R055. ....... 6.6
2h 3 2 3 5 3 8 310 PlffKOtt 10 8
5h 5 5 4 1 4 2 4 8 H. Shields 7 9
3h 4n 615 615 620 Spencer 1-2 3-5
«tt 7 61 68 66 Tulletb .: 8 20
4 H 6 2 7 7 7 Stuart. 20 75
Bun rises 6:50
Sun seta 5:57
Moon rises 1:61 a, m.
O Time Time Time Time
£ Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
? H W L. W H W I* W
U ... 4:55 8.1 12:32 0.5 8:00 3.9
LW HW L.W HW
M ... 0:16 3.2 6:03 5.3 1:31 0.2 8:62 4.2
25 ... 1:28 3.1 7:18 6.4 2:24—0.1 9:35 4.8
26 ... 2:2S 2.8 8:25 5.6 3.13—0.2 10:13 4.9
27 ... 8:23 2.4 9:29 5.7 3:56i— 0.1 10:50 6.1
23 ... 4:12 1.8 10:25 6.8 4:39—0.1 11:25 6.4
1 ... 6:00 1.3 11:20 6.7 5:22 0.4 11:59 6.5
Index. Home. Welght.|St.
714 Artena 110 2
814 Countess Clara 110 6
814 Follow Me 113 1
814 Briton 110 4
814 On Time 110 3
... MaMonado •••• US 6
_^i_lsL
%m.
1 1
6
2 V*
5 2
4 1
3 5
Str.
1 1
8 h
2 3
4 1
6 1
6 •
1 .1 Betting.
_T In J_J Jockeys- [OP- Cl.
"7H Spencer 4-5 11-10
2 1 I. Powell 15 40
BVi Glover 15 30
4 6 Bullmnn < 7
5 4 X Ross 8-5 5-2
6 E. Jonea 6 9-2
Steamer.
From.
I Due
Aloha Crescent pity Feb. 23
Navarro Humboldt Feb. 23
North Fork JHumboldt Feb. zi
Sunol" [Grays Harbor... Feb. 23
Itri«tol Oyster Harbor .'..... Feb. 73
Homer Portland Feb. 23
Columbia Portland •. Feb. »
Pomona San IMego Feb. 21
Buth Coos Bay Feb. 21
A. Blanchard .. Coos Bay Feb. 24
Benmohr Oyster Harbor Feb. 24
Crescent City... Crescent City Feb. 25
Koht. Adamson Xanaimo Feb. 25
Samoa Humboldt Feb. 26
Coos Bay . Newport Feb. 2*
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound Feb. 28
Orizaba Humboldt Feb. 26
Coquille River.. Grays Harbor :. Feb. 27
Australia Honolulu Feb. 27
Leander Kotehlnotzu Feb. 27
Arcata Coos Bay Feb. 27
Tillamook Tlllamook Bay Feb. 27
Kmplre Coos Bay Feb. 27
Wellington Oyster Harbor Feb. 27
Corona San Diego Feb. 2S
Curacao Mexico Feb. 28
State of Cal.... Portland Mar. 1
Steamer.
I Destination. I
Sails.
I Pier.
Orizaba. ....IHumboldt Feb. 23. 2 pm Pier 9
Aloha Crescent City. Feb. 23. . 4 pm Pier 2
Honlta San Pedro Feb. 24. 9 am Pier 11
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. Feb. 24, 2 pm Pl»r 2
A Blanch'd Coo» Bay Feb. 24, 6 pm Pier 13
City Puebla Vic & Pfrt Sd. Feb. 26. 10 am Pier 9
Homer Oregon Ports. Feb. 23, 10 am Pier 20
Pomona ... San Diego..... Feb. 26. 11 am Pier 11
North Fork Humboldt.l... Feb. 28. 9 am Pier 2
Newburg .. Grays Harbor Feb. 28. 5 pm
Coptic Chlna&Japan Feb. 27. 1 pm PMSS
Columbia .. Portland '.. Feb. 27. 10 am Pier 24
Coos Bay... Newport.. Feb. 28, 9 am Pier 11
Peru ....... Panama Feb. 28, W ¦ m PMSS
:ndex. Home. Age. Weight. |St.
(812) Espionage, 4 S8 8
812 Wyoming, a 101 6
7*l Tappan, 6 109 9
(fell) Captive, a 108 7
812 Facade. 4 100 4
(796) Ping. 6 101 5
654 Weller.' 4 103 3
792 Lady Britannic. 6.. M 3
£12 Castake. 6 105 1
Urn.
8H
6 1
9
7 3
3 4
1 1
6 h
3 2
¦4 M
%m.
«H
2 1
8
4 H
8 1
1 4
6 1
5 1
74
3 h
1 1
4 4
6 1
8 2
2 H
9
6 1
7 1
Btr.ic
2 2
1 Vi
3 1
4 2
6 1
7 2
8 1
9
6 1
Fin.
1 n
2 4
3 3
4 '4
6 3
6>,4
7 1
8 1
9
J Jockeys. . |Op. Cl.
J. Walsh 4 6
T. Wa15h...... 11-6 2
Bullman 3 4
H. Shields. ..w 3 6
Henry 6 8
H. Stuart 7 10
K. Robs 20 49
J. Martin 15 25
Vlttltoe 20 10
ndex. Hors*. Age^J\>lght.|St^_
>80S 4 11l 3
(815) Geyser, C 116 2
7C9 F. W. Brode. 3 103) 1
Jim.
12
_3
2 3
1 !
3
2 <•
1 2
3
Str.
"in
2 3
3
Fin.
1 h
2 10
3
| Jockeya. |Op. Cl.
~ Honry 2 B^2
Spencer 1-2 9-20
T. Burns 6 g
ndex. Home. Age. Weight. |St.
(787) Tempo, 6 .-112 5
(Si*) Don Quixote. 5 193 3
SO4 Tom Cromwell, a.. .112 2
6PJ Kastaine. i i.l^2 4
6KO Grey hurst. 6 109 1
Km.
2 h
4%
3 h
6
1 1
Vim.
1 h
4 I
3 h
5
2 2
_ %m. '
1 4
2 h
3 2
6
4 3
' Str.
1 i
23
3 6
4 h
5 .
Fin.
16
2 3
3 15.
4 h
6
_| Jockeys. (Op. Cl.
Henry | '¦% 7-5
Spencer 7-10 8-5
: E. Jones 5 8
T. Wa15h...... 12 20
Eullman 8 9-2
Inrtfx. Hor»«. Age. Weight. (St. Mm.
819 Sunello,;3 ..'M 4 2~1
*20 Red Cherry. 3 79 5 6 h
825 Katie Gibbons, 4... 94 2 14
816 Tom Calvert. 6. .....101 U 11
821 Jockey BUI, 5 107 10 9 1
SOI Correct. 4 9« 1 6 2
819 Jolly Briton. 3 85 3 8 1
737 Nance OWeH. 3 79 6 4 h
795 Mies Soak. 6 9S 7 »H
789 Caenar Young, 8.... 89 9 7 1
... N'orblleh. a 104 8 10 2
Mm.
S 1
4 V,
15
11
9 2
8 1
7 1
5 1
* H
6 1
105
Km. Str. Fin. | Jockey. |Op. Cl.
2 S 777" Hi T. Walsh I 4.4
8 5 ... 2 3 Ranch ........ 8 xl 2
11 ... 3 H J. Walsh 8-5 7-5
11 ... 41 Henry 3 9-8
10 1 ... 5 2 Morgan 20 .. 20
(1 ... 6 2 Buchanan .... 6 JO
4 2 ... '7 2 Fauntleroy ... 20 30
7^ ... 8 3 Dunn 6 16
6 1 ... 9 2 J. Daly 12 12
5? ... 10 3 Stuart 15 30
9 X ... 11 Bullman ...... 20 40
ftjfj^Horae. Age. Weight. |St.
756 Rapldo. a 109 7
823 Imerary 11, 5 109 5
778 Colonel Root, 6 112 1
(808) Lomo, 6 10» 8
815 Dr. Marks, 5 100 4
665 ITntversUy. a 109 3
792 P F.-6 .:.... 109 2
¦ Km. 'Am. %m. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. |Op. ci.
12 12 -n 13 18 Henry 4 5
7 2h24 25 23 E. R055. ....... 6.6
2h 3 2 3 5 3 8 310 PlffKOtt 10 8
5h 5 5 4 1 4 2 4 8 H. Shields 7 9
3h 4n 615 615 620 Spencer 1-2 3-5
«tt 7 61 68 66 Tulletb .: 8 20
4 H 6 2 7 7 7 Stuart. 20 75
Bun rises 6:50
Sun seta 5:57
Moon rises 1:61 a, m.
O Time Time Time Time
£ Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
? H W L. W H W I* W
U ... 4:55 8.1 12:32 0.5 8:00 3.9
LW HW L.W HW
M ... 0:16 3.2 6:03 5.3 1:31 0.2 8:62 4.2
25 ... 1:28 3.1 7:18 6.4 2:24—0.1 9:35 4.8
26 ... 2:2S 2.8 8:25 5.6 3.13—0.2 10:13 4.9
27 ... 8:23 2.4 9:29 5.7 3:56i— 0.1 10:50 6.1
23 ... 4:12 1.8 10:25 6.8 4:39—0.1 11:25 6.4
1 ... 6:00 1.3 11:20 6.7 5:22 0.4 11:59 6.5Presentation of a Sword and
Medal to Colonel Long.
•,;. All -the ships' in the .bay were nahd
sorhely decorated in ; honor of Washihs
tpn's birthday. Some of . the British ller.t
made a very handsome showing.- while all
showed -more or: less bunting.. The trans
port wharf was gay with bunting, and
everything- in: the 'vicinity waa in foatlve
garb. .Early in .the afternoon Batteries C
and p. of the' Thir- Artillery; and. a, de
tachment "from; the naval reserve ship
Marlon,-, headed by :the-. Third Artillery
band,- assembled on the' wharf.. The occa
sion was the presentation of an.Army and
Navy: Union medal and a very, handsome
sword' to Colonel' Oscar 'F; Long, quartar
master of the transport -service. - ¦ '
• ( Captain-Denis Geary made thepressnta
tlon speech on behalf of the Army, and
Navy Union. • He eulogized Colonel Long's
manner of handling trie-transport servire.
and . said l he had ¦ dispatched . over . 100,000
men ; to the' Philippines without' a Mtch
and without- a breath'of scandal. 1 ; -
Commander J.'F.' Fitzgerald; of Garrison
No. 101 (Colonel Oscar F. Long Garrison)
then pinned thf: medal on Colonel Long'B
breast. Colonel Marshall; chief- quarter
master of' the, department, then presented
Colonel !Long 'with Uhe'. sword, -which: he
characterized as Va magnificent' gift most
worthily, .bestowed.".' ¦ The band . played
"Hail to the Chief "• and then Colonel' Lon g
thanked the men in the most. feeling terms
for their kind-remembrance of him on.the
birthday of the nation's: hero. .AH hand*
then adjourned to the headquarters of the
garrison, where a lunch was spread. _
> The medal bears this Inscription: "Pre-
sented to Honorary Commander Oscar F.
Long by his friends and members of Gar
rison 100, R.A. N. U., (Regular Army
and Navy Union).
The inscription on the sword is as fol
lows: "By his comrades of Colonel Oscar
F. Long Garrison No. 101, Regular and
Volunteer ' Army and Navy Union, United
States."
CELEBRATION GENERAL
IN COAST CITIES
Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce
Tenders a Reception to ,
Senator Bard.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 22.— The eleventh
annual banquet of the Chamber of Com
merce was celebrated to-night In the new
clubhouse erected by the 'women of Los
Angeles. When President M*. J. Newmark
called the assemblage to attention, 225
guests were seated at the six tables, fash
ioned in the form of a horseshoe. In point
of attendance, elegance or servlde and
character of addresess. this function has
never In the history of the Chamber been
excelled. The Menu embraced every viand
from Blue Points to coffee, nearly all
wines being California vintage. The
head of the table was graced by
United States Senator Thomas R. Bard
a*; the guest of honor, who sat between
President Newmark and Toastmaster
John F. Frances.
To the toast, "President of the United
States, Rev. Hugh K. Walker responded.
Rev. S. Hecht, rabbi of the Jewish Syna
gogue, responded to the toast, "George
Washington." "The Oil Industry" was
handled by W. L. Hardlson, president of
the Los Angeles Oil Exchange; "Califor
nia of the Future" was treated by Judge
W. A. Cheney; "Our Friend the Tourist"
fell to the Rev. Robert J. Burdette; "The
Chamber of Commerce" was responded to
by C. D. Wlllard. "The Aim of the Re
public" was assigned to Irving M. Scott,
the San Francisco shipbuilder.
The entrance of former United States
Senator Stephen M. White at a late hour
caused a demonstration that went beyond
the confines of an ovation. He came into
the presence of his fellow townsmen, who
showed their appreciation in his restora
ton to health. His presence caused a
break In the order or spt-eches. By de
mand the. late Senator became the firat
speaker. In his remarks he paid high
tribute to Senator Bard.
"I believe my successor will be as loyal
to the interests of California," White said,
"as I hope I proved myself to have been.
Although politically opposed, we are
neighbors and friends."
As ex-Senator White took his seat. Sen
ator Bard was loudly called. In response.
Senator Bard said that his experience as
a Senator so far had been filled with
pleasure in acknowledging the many
courtesies extended, but he hoped he
would ever be found battling for the in
terests of California, and when he re
turned from Washington might ask the
plaudits of his constiuents.
In an Interview to-night Mr. Scott said:
"The South could have had the Senator
ship last year had the members of the
Legislature from this end of the State j
been united upon one candidate. Will Ij
be a candidate for the Senatorshlp at the
expiration of Mr. Perkins' term of office?
I certainly expect to be, and I expect also
that the Southerners here, for whose ben-
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. One dos« win stop
a confh. Kever falta.' Try It ATI «ru**!rts. •
Benefit for the Boers.
A benefit concert for the Boers will be
given in Metropolitan Temple on Saturday
evening, under the auspices of the Trans
h« n ?,r Ut , cc °J CeJ'r-ornla. which has
headquarters in the Phelan building.
Savings and Loan Society
Solicits loans on mortgages or trust deeds
at lowest market rates. 101 Montgomery.*
President, Wheeler the Orator.
BALTIMORE. Feb. 22.— Johns Hopkins
University celebrated its twenty-fourth
anniversary to-day by appropriate exer
cises In. McCoy Hall. The orator of. the
day was President Benjamin Ide Wheeler
of the University' of California, who out
lined what he. considered the duty of the
university to the commonwealth. He
made an urgent plea for stronger men for
political office. '...-.
The Chinatown Squad.
The two men who have *been detailed
by Chief- Sullivan to. reinforce .Sergeant
Shea's ; squad in Chinatown are Officers
John Galloway. and Thomas Burke. They
are both from Captain Splllane's division
and have made enviable records in China
town as fearless and efficient officers and
a "terrorv to the Mongolians. 1 .
eflt I swung into, line something like
twenty-three, votes a few weeks ago at
Sacramento to -make the election of
Thomas R. Bard a certainty, will not
prove • ungrateful, but will help me when
1 need their assistance , as they needed
mine. • .
* "I do not believe that Daniel M. Burns
will ever again be a Senatorial candi
date," continued Mr. Scott; "but I expect
him for a long time to come to be, never
theless, a factor 'ln Republican politics I
have never had any personal dislike to
Colonel Burns, but did not believe that he
was the proper Senatorial timber, and
when some of my friends requested that
I pick up the anti-Burns vote to prevent
it. from going to'- him 'l volunteered my
services.. My: idea, was to/ save the Re
publican; party from destruction,"
SAN JOSE. Feb. - 22.— Washington's
birthday; wa«- observed by a cessation of
business to a considerable extent here to
day. At Campbell there were formal ex
ercises with addresses by several gentle
men. Among' these were Professor Fet
ler, of Stanford and John 'E. Richards of
San Jose." .Expansion was the underlying
current In the; most of the .remarks a
free picnic dinner Was served by " th«
ladles of Campbell. y me
, STANFORD UNTVERSITY. Feb 22 —
The Fireman's Fund team of San Fran
cisco to-day defeated the Stanford 'Var
fiity In the most exciting game of base
ball seen on the campus, for years For
eleven innings j the result was In doubt
while all the time the Interest of the snec*
tators'was most keen. The college boys
showed a marked improvement over their
earller'games and held the visitors down
to a pcore of 5 to 2. -• ¦ •
- SANTA' CRUZ. Feb.' 22.— "Washington's
birthday waa quietly .celebrated to-day
all places of business being closed. Pa-
Joyable. Musical selections added to ' ; the
afternoon's pleasure, and the 'oration 1 of
the day was delivered by, Henry I. Kowal
sky. A message from President McKlrile>
conveying best wishes to the league was
read, as was one from Congressman Kahn.
The programme opened with a selection
from the Hebrew Orphan Asylum oap<lj
This was followed by remarks from B. M;
Galvin, president of the league, who'ixi
troduced T. F. Bachelder as president, of
the day. Hon. I. J. Truman had been' se
lected to officiate In the latter capacity,
but Illness caused his absence. The Ala
mo quartet, composed of Mme. Ellen'
Coursen-Roeckel, Mile. Elena Roeckol,
Mrs. H. Lewis and Miss May Mable, ren
dered "My Flag," and was. heartily ap
plauded. An address by Mayor Plielar,
was next on the programme, but that ceni
tleman sent a note apologizing for hla ab
sence. After another selection' by • the
band and a recitation by T. W. Hlckov,
Mr. Kowalsky delivered the oration. v * He
spoke of his recent visit to Mount-Verr.cn
and the patriotic thoughts which it/in
spired. He touched upon the character of
Washington and of other ' American-p
atriots and statesmen, and. gave a .vivid
description of the events which led up to
and succeeded the war of the Revolution,
After he had concluded a telegram Trom
President MoKinley was read. . It was as
follows: - --*.- -/. .
To the President of the Garfleld League: The
observance of • Washington's birthday. Is ¦ not
only a tribute to the memory of the great sol
dier, citizen and statesman, but' ls as well an
evidence of the patriotism of the people. Each
succeeding celebration of this anniversary gives
renewed life to the lessons inculcated by the
recognition- of his exalted character and '- the
creatness of his public services. Tour league
tlons. but the long run had told on him
and he tried to get over the place where
the rail had been removed. Mr. Hobart
had his own ideas and endeavored to
change the course of his horse. He suc
ceeded only partially, as Royalty jumped
at the gate post and was sent staggering
back. Through Mr. Hobart's skill, neither
went down, but the incident caused more
than a flutter of excitement among the
onlookers on the, clubhouse veranda. , •
The hunt proved a desperate one 'for
men, horses and hounds, the distance
testing the courage of the members of
the hunt and the stamina of their mounts.
The members were entertained at break
fast by J. J. Moore of Menlo Park, at 9
o'clock and the hounds were laid. on at
11. - Those In attendance were:
F. J. Carolan (M. F. H.), Walter 8. Hobart.
George Parsone, J. J. Moore. Peter Martin, E.
D. Beyland. J. .Downey Harvey,- Charles Dun
phy, Huph Hume, John Lawson. Duncan Hayne,
it. H. 13. de Marvllle, Lean Bocquerae, Cap
tain W. H. McKlttriek, H. D. Walters and
the hunt servants, "Jerry" Keating; and Fred
Johnson. •
Walter Hobart carried off the honors
of the day, winning three races himself
and incidentally surprised some -of his
competitors.- He had several entries In
the contests open to race ponies and
among them appeared the name "Slats."
This plebeian name concealed the Identity
of a beautiful chestnut thoroughbred
mare, fit to race In almost any company
of her size and turned out In the
best of condition. Ridden by . her new
owner, she won' the quarter-mile and the
flve-eighths-mlle dashes, the latter 'the
best race- of the day. In this she beat
Captain W. H. McKlttrlck's' pony Pita
pat, ridden cleverly by "Charley Dun
phy. George Parsons, riding Mr. Hobart's
Six Bits,- won the Due d'Abruzzi cup -In
the two and a half miles hurdle race. He
The young men of Burlingame Country Club and of San Mkteo County Hunt,. who are pronounced by persons competent to Judge as clever horsemen as
any persons under the sun, opened the season of sports In a brilliant manner, yesterdays 'In. the morning, they followed the hounds In a desperate twenty-mile run
and In the afternoon they showed to advantage In the pony races on Walter &. Hobart's private track. • ¦
BRAVE SHOW. OF BEAUTY AND HORSEMANSHIP AT BURLINGAME.
ADVEBTISEMEITTa.
JU Clearance
f SALE
4_ For This Week.
LADIES' Suede KM Oxfords, la black.
Nile green, tan and lavender, formerly
W, nearly all slsei #X-SO
LADIES' French Goat Button Shoes.
formerly »3 50 fI.OO
GENTS' Patent Leather Lace Shoes.
coin toe. So quality 5J3.30
GENTS' Genuine French Calf Oxford*
(Herbers), formerly $5 91.50 and 91.00
For the Next 30 Days..
LADIES' SHOES.
J4 00 French Kid. coin toe. hand tewed
lace shoes 92.50
S3 00 Glaied Kid. coin toe. patent leather
tip. cloth or kid top. button.; SI.OO
$4 00 Tan Shoes In button or lace.. 91.23
$7 and *5 French Kid. plain toe. button
shoes: broken size* fI.OO
}2 CO Kid Oxfords, broken alaes $1.00
Ladles wearing A. B and C widths, sixes 3
to 4. can find some rare value* her*.
GENTS^HOES.
$7 W Patent Leather, cloth ton. button
shoes, pointed toes; best makes; nearly
all sizes 9-.~>O
J3 SO Calf, double sole, round or square
toe •• 92.25
$8 CO Patent Leather Lace or Congress,
square toe; best makes;' odd sizes 91 .30
$3.00 BOYS' Shoes, calf, button, sewed,
sizes 2S to 6 91.50
$2.50 YOUTHS' Shoes, calf. button.
broken lots 91.25
MISSES' and CHILDREN'S SHOES.
$2.00 MISSES' cloth top. button or lac-.
coin or square toe. sizes 11 to 2 91.23
$1.75 CHILD'S nquare toe, cloth or kid
top, button shoes £1.03
$2.50 HISSES' patent leather button,
plain square toe 050
$1.75. CHILD'S glazed kid. coin to*. vest-
Ins top, lace shoes 830
$1.00 INFANTS' cloth. or kid top. patent
leather tin. button shoes... SOo
Lots of Bargains. Goods strictly as advertised.
830832834 MARKET STREET,
. SAN FRANCISCO.
Lamps
Dsrgafns./
It f » Worth Your
Coming: J"»t to See.
Great American Importiiia: Tea &
¦ Store* Evcrjrw heic
;V . soo. Store*.
fS 'TS *0- MATZOS
• jar ja s«ra^a?»rsr£3
Folicm HI. —
FURNITURE 4
SPENT WASHINGTON'S
BIRTHDAY IN THE OPEN
Thousands Visit Golden Gate Park,
Beach and Other Pleasure
Places.
Wn«=hingtor/s birthday offered an op
portunity for thousands to enjoy a day
cut under the sky— in the park, on th*
beach and within the grounds of '.oeal
pleasure places. Early yesterday morning
the people began to wend their way
toward the places where enjoyment could
be found and by noon the beach was black
with people and the lakes in the park at
tracted extraordinary crowds.
The crowd in the park was the largest
cf the season. From the .humble grocer s
wngon. boarded in to hold a dozen, to
ihe majestic drag the rigs wheeled
thrc-ugh the drives and not an accident
or even an incident worthy of note oc
curred to detract from the pleasures of
the day.
REVOLUTIONARY SONS
CELEBRATE THE DAY
The California Society of the Son* of
the American Revolution duplicated Its
fcrrr.er success in the banquet given
last night in the Merchants' Club in honor
of the one hundred and sixty-eighth an
niversary of the birth of Washington. The
bfirtquct hall had been profusely decorated
with American flags and in the center was
suspended a picture of "the Father of
His Country" Over one hundred and
fifiy guests gathered at the tables. Rev.
W. A. Brev/er opened the feast with
Folemn prayer and after an excellent
menu ha«i been enjoyed to the mu.«ic of a
Ftrir.jr orchestra the following programme
was carried out:
Introd act r.ry remarks. Vice President Wil
liam H. Jordan: toast. * 'Looking llackward
Thrtuph the Annals of the I'ast." Professor C
A. Duniway. Stanford Untrendty: tenor fcolo.
t-clcct^ij. Qacv Franks: "American Manhocd.
r.rv. I>r. V. W. Oampett: bass solo. "The
K'.r.K's <"harr.pion." Frank \V. Th-impson;
•¦/.ircrlcaTi Int<Tf«n in ihe Orient." H. I. C.
tL'm Ci.n^ul Ornorfil Ho Tow; "The iJestiny of
th»> T'r.ltcd Pmt.-s." Henry A. M^lvln: conclud
lnr *v::h "The Star Spanekd Banner."
Young Men's Institute Celebrates
Birthday of Washington.
The celebration of Washington's birth
cay under the auspices of the board of
management, San Francisco councils.
Your.g Men's Institute, which was held
last evening at Metropolitan Temple, was
en a parallel with the usual high class of
the entertainments arranged by that or
ganization. A programme of exceptional
Interest was rendered, a feature of which
wiis an eloquent and patriotic address by
Krar.k T. Shea.
The programme opened with an over
ture by the League of the Cross Cadets
Band, under. he direction of M. P. Wal
ten. The music was excellent and was
heartily applauded.
Robert Tobln, chairman of the board of
management, called the gathering to or
der and introduced Judge William P.
Lawlor as the presiding officer of the
evening. Judge Lawlor said briefly that
the purpose of the celebration was to do
honor to the memory of the father of
this great land and expressed the belief
that every one in the vast audience wa.s
imbued with patriotic principles and fired
with the love of liberty.
Among the musical numbers were a
contralto solo by Miss Florence Xagei:
cornet solo, George Pacheco; selections
from "The Bohemian Girl." League of the
Cross Cadets Band; soprano solo, Mrs.
Eva Tenney; barytone solo, Oscar S.
Frank; vocal solo, Harry Brown. All
were encored.
There were some clever recitations by
Thomas W. Hickey, who made a decided
hit and was called to the platform re
peatedly. •
The address of Mr. Shea was listened to
with the most profound interest. Speak
ing of the Young Men's Institute he said
if it followed its determination to spread
the truth and uphold liberty It would
leave its "footprints on the sands of
time." He said that man dies but hi?
memory lives on according to the mag
nitude and character of his earthly deeds
that the memory of Washington would
never die. but would continue to ring on
through centuries until the end of time.
In closing the celebration Judge Lawlor
on behalf of the Young Men's Institute
expressed his grateful thanks to the au
dience. ¦-:,..-¦' v «-]
SUPERB HORSEMANSHIP
SAVES HOBART'S LIFE
Kls Horse Dashes Into a Gatepost.
Burlingame Sports.
Walter 8. Hobarfs superb horseman
eh!p saved his life yesterday, according
to persons who witnessed him take the
last jump in the run of the San Mateo
County hunt in the' twenty-mile run of
the hounds by a circuitous route from
Fair Oaks. The top rail had been re
moved from a stiff fence near Burlingame
Clubhouse. Mr. Hobart ecorned this pre
cautionary measure and sent his gray
horse Royalty at the fence at its highest
point. The horse would have taken -It
without hesitation under ordinary condi-
leave of absence expires he will return to
his duties here."
Regent Arthur Rodgers does not believe
that President McKinley has made Pro
fessor Wheeler an offer of a place on the
commission mentioned, or if such has b<*e\
made that Professor Wheeler will accepr.
"Professor Wheeler la an honorable maT
and certainly would not consider such an
offer without consulting with the Board
of Regents." said Mr. Rodgers. "Thesis
rumors are not to be taken seriously. In
his visits to the President he certainly
had other matters of business to discuss.
No. Professor Wheeler would certainly
have notified the Regents if he had ever
entertained a thought of accepting a po
litical office."
PRESIDENT BENJAMIN IDE WHEELER.
It is not at all likely that President
Benjamin Ide Wheeler of the University
of California would accept an offer of a
place on the Philippine which
President McKlnley is now forming. This
Is the opinion of a number of \he members
of the Board of Regents of the University.
They are morally certain that the recent
meetings between President McKlnley and
Professor Wheeler have been misunder
stood and that these conferences related
to altogether different matters than tht
letter's appointment to a political position,
which at best would be only for a short
term.
"I am sure that these stories about Pro
fessor Wheeler being selected as one of
the Philippine Commissioners are without
foundation." said Regent . Charles W.
Slack. "If he is Interested in that com
mission at all it Is In behalf of Professor
Bernard Mose3, now holding the position
of professor of political srience at Berke
ley. A day or so ago a friend asked me
if I would indorse the candidacy of Pro
fessor Moses for a place on the commis
sion, and from that conversation I In
ferred that Professor Moses* claims were
being advanced by his friend Prof>«sor
Wheeler. I believe that Professor Moses
Is eminently fitted for. such an office, be
cause of his familiarity with Spanish his
tory and his knowledge of the islands of
the Pacific, and I would be very willing to
grunt him a leave of absence to accept
such an offer if it should be made him.
"As for Professor Wheeler, there is no
probability that he would consider such
an offer, especially as he has never dis
cussed the subject with any of the Re
gents. The connection of his name with
the Philippine Commission is all a mis
take, and • I am certain that it has no
foundation in fact."
Regent J. B. Relnstein had never even
heard that Professor Wheeler had been
named for the position, nor does he be
lieve that he would accept such commis
sion if it were made.
"The visits of Professor Wheeler to the
President," said Mr. Retnstein. "were for
the purpose of discussing the matters of
a Pacific commercial museum and the
preservation of th» big trees of the Pacific
slope. President McKlnley and Profossor
Wheeler are old friends and although the
President might like to have the professor
on the commission, the latter knows that
he has more than he can attend to at the
univcisity." . ¦ „
"If the President? Jias offered such an
appointment to Pro. issor Wheeler an<l
the latter accepts." said Regent I. Vf.
Hellman. "it certainly means that both
believe that the professor can in that ca
pacity be of more service to his country
than In his present position. If such he
the case, while I should greatly regret to
lose the services of Profepor Wheeler. 1
would accept the appointment as a wise
one Professor Wheeler went East t-> at
tend the convention of presidents of State
universities, and I believe that when hla
triotic exercises were held at the opera
house in the evening under the auspices
of the Young Men's Institute. The liter
ary programme was of a patriotic nature.
Rev J B. Orr, pastor of the Congrega
tional church, presided. Rev. Father Mc-
Namee of" the Catholic church delivered a
lecture on the divinity of Christ.
PACIFIC GROVE, Feb. 22.—Washing
ton's birthday was celebrated here to-day
by a baseball match between a nine from
Troop C. National Guard of California, of
Salinas and a nine composed of men
picked from the 'clubs of this place and
Monterey. The game was hotly contested
throughout and the play was at times
especially brilliant. The game was won by
the Pacific Grove and Monterey team by
the score of 11 to 9.
STOCKTON, Feb. 22.— Washington's
birthday was observed here to-day by the
suspension of ccurt and county business,
the closing of the banks and most of the
business houses, some for the entire day
and many for the afternoon only.
AUBURN, Feb. 22.— The football game
here to-day between the Auburn and the
Sacramento High Schools resulted in a
victory for the Auburns by a score of 10
Feb. 22.— Washington's birth
day was befltttngly observed in this city.
The city was in gala attire and the cessp
tlpn of business was general. Troop C of
the National Guard turned out in j thet
morning and a parade followed. "
PASO. ROBLES. Feb. 22.— The most ex
citing game of football ever played in the
county was, witnessed by about 5000 people
here to-day.' The- team from '. "Arroyo
Grande was pitted- against the Paso.Ro-*
bles eleven. The score was Paso' Robles
6. Arroyo Grande 5. giving the champion
ship of. the county to Paao Roblea.
has my best wishes for the success of to-day's
celebration. ¦• • WM. McKINLEY.
The message from Congressman Julius
Kahn was as follows: . .
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
• , WASHINGTON. Feb. 15 1900.
My Dear Sir: I have the honor to acknowl
edge receipt of yours of the Bth lnst. and regret
my inability to be present In person to partici
pate In the celebration of Washington s birth
day.. ..
It Is eminently fit and proper that the citi
zens of the republic should becomingly cele
brate the birthday anniversary of one who wu
"First In war. first In peace and first In the
hearts of his countrymen." I wish you every
success. Very sincere* yours. karn
E. M. Galvin Esq., President of the.Garneld
League, 405 Montgomery, street, San Francisco,
Cal.
President Galvin " then read Washing
ton's farewell address, and Mme. Bert
Godalr- Adams entertained the audience
with vocal selections. The programme
closed with more music by the band and
music by the. Alamo quartet.
IMPROVEMENT CLUBS
UNVEILED A STATUE
The Federation of Mission Improvement
Clubs celebrated Washington's birthday
at Glen Park, unveiling a statue of Wash
ington and having a banquet. C. F. Kim
ball made the presentation speech and A.
S. Baldwin, in behalf of 'the Glen Park
Association, accepted ' the statue.
After these exercises the members of
the federation and their friends to the
number of several hundred went to the
cafe. A. S. Llllie, president of the feder
ation, acted as toastmaster. Responses
were made by Gusta%-e Schnee. W. J.
Nixon. W. B. Curtjss and Major McKlnne.
Abe Anthony sang a barytone solo and
Miss Edna Minor sang and gave a cake
walk. The "orchestra was directed by A.
B. Wise, the talent was directed by D. I.
Wyatt. The following were on the com
mittee of arrangements: C. Stader, Joseph
T. Tuohey, W. J. Nixon. Fred Klmball,
Dr. .E. N. Torello, A. S. Llllie. W. J.
Cuthbertson.'H.E. Griffith. Charles Mil
ley, "W.. J. Thorp, William Leveroni, D.
I. Wyatt, R. W. Smith and W. A. Hicks.
The banquet was. followed by dancing.'
was the only one to finish. Mr. Martin's
mount stopping and that of C. Lane bolt-
Ing through a stable door after going two
miles.
Captain McKlttrick's Pitapat caught
him unawares when going to the post In
the second race and sent htm a cropper
over his head and then ran away. As the
Incident happened immediately in front
of the grand stand, the gallant captain's
face flushed and he s<?emed to wish he
was again with General Shatter in Cuba.
The summary of the day's results fol
lows:
WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY was generally ob
served in this city and in the communities around
the bay. The memory of the father of this great .
land was celebrated in many ways. There were numerous
sporting events and country outings during the day, and in
the evening the patriotic orator held sway. There was an
extensive celebration under the auspices, of the Young
Men's Institute. The Knights of Honor, Junior Order
American Mechanics and other patriotic organizations also
arranged programmes of music and speechmaking. Down
at Burlingame the Washington Birthday celebration was one
of the season's events. Several organizations honored the
day in a substantial way around the banquet board, where
they drank toasts to the memory of America's greatest pa
triot.
Quarter-mile polo ponies— Won by W. 8. Ho
bart on Brandy; second. Charles Dunphy, on
Tommy Totnpkins; third. F. J. Carolan. on
School Girl. Also started— Lieutenant Halns,
tn R. M. Tobin's Duke; Hugh Hume, on Spice,
and Peter Martin, on Lady Jane Gray.
Quarter-mile race ponlets— Won by Walter S.
Hobart, on Slats; second. Charles Dunphy, on
F J Cardan's Lady Barbara; third. Captain
W H. McKtttrlck. on Pitapat: fourth. Lieu
tenant Hams. on W. H. McKlttrlck's Grar.dee.
Flve-eirhths of a.mile. for race ponies— Won
by Wolter S Hobart, on Slats; second, Charles
Dunphy. on Captain W. H. McKlttrlek's Pita
pat. Time, 1:08. »
Two and a half miles, hurdle race, for the
Due d'Abruzzl cvp — Won by George Parsons,
on W. S. Hobart's Six Bits; second. C. Lane, on
W. E. Lester's Mister Buller; third, Peter Mar
tin, on Charles Dunphy 1 * Rosamonde.
Three-quarters of a mile, for carriage horses,
to be trotted under .saddle— Won . by Charles
Dunphy, on F. J. Cardan's Stella; Walter S.
Hobart second, on N«?d Greenway.
Willie Anderson won the professional
golf tournament with a score of ISI
strokes. David Stephenson was second,
with IS7; James Melville 188 and Horace
Rawlins 192.
Garfield League Honors the Day by
Brilliant Exercises.
The literary exercises held by the Cr&r
field League In honor of Washington's
birthday at Pioneer Hall yesterday after
noon were well attended and highly en-
THE SAX FBANCISCO ; CALIi,. JFRIIJAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1900.
WHEELER NOT LIKELY
TO ACCEPT POSITION
Said to Be Backing Professor. Moses for
Philippine Commissioner.
10
WASHINGTON'S
BIRTHDAY
CELEBRATION