THE BRIDGE OVER THE VAAL RIVER AT FOURTEEN STREAMS.
NORTH OF. KIMBERLEY. TO WHICH IT IS SAID GENERAL CRONJE
HIMSELF, iwiTH A LARGE .PORTION, OF HIS ARMY FROM MAGERS
FONTEIN. IS' NOW HASTENING. ' ;-....
THE POINT IS A MOST IMPORTANT ONE; COMMANDING THE
RAILROAD TO MAFEKING, AND THE NATURE OF THE COUNTRY IS
SUCH AS TO MAKE IT EASY OF DEFENSE AGAINST A LARGE FORCE.
Kitchener Be
lieved to Have
Cut Off the
Retreat of the
Fleeing Com
mander-in-
Chief of the
Orange Free
State Forces.
LONDON, Feb. 20, 3:45
a. m. — A member of the
Cabinet told H. W. Lucy
to-night that the War Office had
received a telegram announcing
that General Cronje was hope
lessly surrounded.
Mr. Wyndham was beset by
anxious members of the House,
but would only reply that the
Government's news was ex
tremely satisfactory. The sole
explanation of the Government's
withholding good news is that
confirmation and more details
are awaited.
The situation as described by
correspondents over the Free
State border is tantalizing to the
public. The elementary facts are
the Boers are trekking eastward
toward Bloemfontein, with slow
lnoving baggage-trains, and that
they are pursued by Lord
Kitchener, with General Kelly-
Kenny's division. General Mac-
Donald, with the Highlanders,
made a forced march to Koo
doosrand ford, and on Sunday
pushed twenty miles eastward.
General French left Kimberley
Saturday, going east along the
Modder River.
Lord Kitchener is trying to
outmarch and outflank the
Boers, thus checking their re
treat, if possible, and driving
them back into the hands of
Mac Donald ar.d French.
The War Office message com
municated to Mr. Lucy seems to
indicate that Lord Kitchener has
either got ahead of the Boers or
is about to realize his plan, and
the War Office waits to an
nounce a decisive result.
Meanwhile Commandant De
larey, with the Boers from Coles
berg, is hanging on the right
flank of the British pursuing
columns, seeking to delay their
movement and so to assist the
Boer wagon-trains to escape.
Students of topography think
the Boers will hardly risk a fight
until they get into the rough
A Daily Mail correspondent,
who was with the British convoy
attacked by the Boers at Riet
River ford, wires:
"Ultimately the British aban
doned the convoy, in order not
to check the advance. Thus 200
wagons and 600 tons of stores
fell into the hands of the Boers,
though it is doubtful if they will
be able to carry them away."
General Buller has achieved a
real success seemingly in captur
ing the range of hills south of the
Tugela. It makes more feasible
another attempt to relieve Lady
smith.
The Queen has sent a direct
message to Lord Roberts con
gratulating him and his troops.
General French and Colonel
Kekewich have been acquainted
with their promotions.
Dr. Leyds, at Brussels, says
the Free State troops who were
besieging Ladysmith have with
drawn in order to defend their
homes. In this way he ac
counts for General Buller's suc
cess against the weakened forces.
He will forego his projected trip
to Rome, he says, because of
"decisive events now taking
place in the theater of war."
from Honey Nest Kloof arrived to-day. It
appears that the captured supplies are a
white elephant to the Boers, since they
are unable! to clear them away. There is
considerable probability that they will be
recovered. '
COMMONS VOTES
MONEY FOR THE WAR
LONDON. Feb. 19.— 1n the House of
Commons to-day during the discussion of
the report of the Committee on Supply
on the vote for the addition of 120,000 men
to the army, William Redmond opposed
the. measure on the ground that the Gov
ernment's proposals were largely of a
permanent character. He denounced the
scheme as a "miserable makeshift."
Other Irish members opposed the meas
ure. I .'.¦
The report was finally adopted by 164
votes against 32.
Michael Joseph Flavin, Nationalist
Series of Suc
cesses on the
Tugela That
Might Lead to
the Relief of
Ladysmith if
Properly Fol
lowed Up by
British Forces.
/^\ HIEVELEY, Monday
\^y morning, Feb. 19. — The
Boers' line of fortresses i 3
broken. The British have
achieved a decided success in
capturing the enemy's position
on Monte Cristo. The Beers,
however, effectively executed a
retreat, removing their guns and
convoy wagons. The British had
comparatively few casualties.
BULLER'S MODEST
REPORT OF SUCCESS
LONDON, Feb. 19.— The War Office has
received the following dispatch from Gen
eral Buller:
"CHIEVELEY CAMP. Feb. 19.— 1 yes
terday moved around the enemy's flank.
The Queen's, who had bivouacked on the
northern slope of Cingrolo. crossed the
Nek and, supported, by the rest of the
Second Brigade, under Hlldyard, assault
ed and took the southern end of Monte
Christo.
"The Fourth Brigade, on the left or
western slope, and the Welsh Fusileers.
supported by the rest of the Sixth Bri
gade, assaulted the eastern flank of the
enemy's position, while the Second Bri
gade cavalry, on the extreme right,
watched the eastern slopes of Monte
Christo, and drove back those of the en
emy attempting to escape there from our
artillery fire. Assaulted by the heavy ar
tillery fire on their front and flank, and
attacked on their flank and rear, the en
emy made but slight resistance, and
abandoning their strong position were
driven across the Turela. I have taken
several camps, a wagon load of ammuni
tion, several wagons of stores and sup
plies and a few prisoners.
. "The weather has been Intensely hot
and the ground traversed was exceedingly
difficult, but the energy and dash of the
troops have been very pleasant to see.
They have all done splendidly. The work
of the irregular cavalry, the Queen's, the
Scots Fusileers and the Rifle BrlgayC. was
perhaps most noticeable, while the excel
lent practice of the artillery and naval
guns and the. steadiness of the gunners,
under at times very accurate fire, was re
markable. The accurate fire of the naval
guns from Chieveley was of great assist
ance.
"Our casualties are not, I think, many."
GENERAL BULLER NOW
HAS A GREAT CHANCE
LONDON. Feb. 20.— Spencer "Wilkinson,
reviewing the military situation in tha
Morning Post, dwells upon the importance
of the operations of Sir Redvers Buller
and says:
"Now Is General Butter's great chance.
Now is the time to throw himself with all
his might Into the task before him and t«»
hit hard without counting losses too
closely. He will then probably defeat the
Boers and relieve Ladysmith this week.
Failing that, he will at any rate prevent
them from sending reinforcements to tha
Free State.
"From the comparative ease of the ope
rations so far. however. It looks as though
the Natal Boers had sent reinforcements
to General Cronje, who may be delaying
a fight by retreating until those reinforce
ments shall have had lime to reach him."
In conclusion Mr. Wilkinson reiterates
his statement that victories are more Im
portant than positions, adding: "No doubt
Lord Roberts has done the best that was
possible, but the essential thing still U to
destroy the Boer army."
TO ANNIHILATE THEM LATER.
BERLIN. Feb. 19.— The latest news
from South Africa is regarded here as of
the greatest importance. The Berliner
Tageblatt says that the war Is doubtless
now in the decisive stage and this view
is corroborated by the utterances of most
of the German newspapers, although tho
Agrarian organs continue to affect to
believe that the Boers have permitted
the British to penetrate the Free Stata
only to annihilate them later on.
member for North Kerry, moved to r
duce the vote of £13.000,000 to £12,000,C00.
Various other members raised protests
from different points of view. against the
war, John Dillon protesting against the
threatened 1 employment of natives In the
hostilities. Mr. Wyndham, replying, said;
"The .Government Is doing Its best In
the circumstances of great difficulty to
preventany such horrible occurrence, but
if;the Boers attack any other nation we
are not going to prevent that nation from
defending Itself."
; John Redmond, ; the . Nationalist leader,
declared that the principal European na
tions were against Great Britain in this
war, and that the great mass of the pub
lic opinion In the United States was in the
same direction. (Ministerial cries of "No,
no.") '"--;.,"'¦ ; ¦
Mr. Flavin's motion was rejected by 233
votes against 31. ";
.'After further discussion the .debate was
closed on" motion- of Mr. Balfour and the
vote was carried ; by 207 against 31. -
ARMY REORGANIZATION.
'. LONDON. ; FebV\ 19.— Replying to a Ques
tion in the House of Commons to-day, Mr.
formerly soldiers in the army of Japan,
for service with the British forces In
South Africa. The : Japanese . are eager
to go. to the front and all the volunteers
have made themselves eligible for] service
by taking out papers of. British citizen
ship. ' . . ¦¦
FIGHTING PROCEEDING
NORTH OF KIMBERLEY
LONDON. Feb.. 20.— This, dispatch from
its special correspondent is published by
the Daily Mail:
JACOBSDAL.,Feb. 18.— General Cronje :
Is dodging away to the eastward and
fighting as he retreats under our; harass
ing attack.. , Flghtingls.stlll^prbceedlng to
the north of Klmberley^at Dronfleld. The
enemy has been located -by local troops,'
and General French ¦. has .vigorously 'at
tacked .them, surrounding *? their : laager.
The enemy has _ evacuated '¦¦ Kanif erdam.
The reason why the supply wagons were"
abandoned at Rletßlver~Drlft was , that
an attempt to ¦ retain them would mean
a'delay of advance. , Another wagon train
SHIP SUBSIDY BILL
CERTAIN OF SUCCESS
Will Be Favorably Reported to ths
House With Objectionable
Features Removed.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 13.— Senator Han
na to-day had a conference with tho Re
publican members of the House Mer
chant Marine Committee respecting the
ship subsidy bill, and as a result of thla
conference the whole aspect of the case
has been changed and the passage of the
bill is practically agreed upon. Another
conference will be held to-morrow night,
when the bill -is likely to be complete
and made ready for reporting to tha
House.
The objection heretofore had to tho
original bill has been partly overcome,
and certain features will be eliminated
when It Is reported to the House. Ona
great objection to the Hanna-Payne
measure was it would allow a subsidy to
many old hulks and tank steamers, and
this will be avoided in some manner, pre
sumably by providing that ships applying
for a subsidy shall be examined by an
inspector and only first-class vessels al
lowed upon the list. Senator Hanna said
he felt certain the bill would be agreed
upon and that the amended document
would suit all Republican*. MS**
British Cavalry Attacking Gen. Cronje's Wagon Train.
THE RAPIDITY OF THE MOVE MENTS *OF THE BRITISH FLANK
ING COLUMNS BROUGHT THEM TO THE LINE OF. RETREAT OF THE
BOERS FROM SPYTFONTEIN AND MAGERSFONTEIN BEFORE THEIR
LONG WAGON TRAINS HAD GOT SAFELY; BY. ON - THEIR -WAY TO
BLOEMFONTEIN, AND GENERAL KELLY-KENNY'S DIVISION CUT
OFF AND CAPTURED SEVENTY-EIGHT . TRANSPORT WAGONS IN
ONE BODY. AND LATER SOME THIRTY. MORE. THE LARGE PIC
TURE GIVES A FAIR IDEA OF THE OPERATION.
Lord m Roberts' generalship
was conducted with such se
crecy, says a telegram from
Modder River, that even the
senior officers who took the
sixth division through the pre
liminaries of the operation ,did
not know what they would
finally have to do.
BIG BATTLE ON
THE TUGELA EXPECTED
LONDON. Feb. 20.— A dispatch to the
Daily Mail from Lourenzo Marquez, dated
Monday, says:
"According to advices from Pretoria,
the Boers are expecting a. big battle on
the Tugela. They claim that seventy of
the Wiltshires were killed at Colesberg
and that thirty wagons with forage and
provisions were captured, but no ammu
nition. They thus describe the fighting
at Kimberley:
" 'The British came through Blaunbank
and attacked In two columns. While the
Boers were busily engaged with Lord
Roberts. General French, with 2000 caval
ry and six guns, succeeded In breaking
through the Boer lines. The Boers did
not seriously oppose General French's ad
vance, but confined their efforts to pre
venting the provisions getting, through. In
this they : succeeded, capturing 2000 head
of cattle. 100' wagons of provisions and
100 men.' "
The Chieveley correspondent of the
Daily News, telegraphing yesterday, sa>'s:
"We now : occupy all . the hills to the
right of Colenso.-on this side of the Tu
gela, including Hlangwane, which the
Boers evacuated last (Sunday) night. This
capture of Hlangwane hill is of great
strategical importance, as -the hill com
mands the flank of the Boer defenses at
Colenso'. A successful advance and the
recapture of the railway may be ex
pected."
The Daily Mall has the following dis
patch, dated Monday, from Pietermaritz
burg:
"It Is reported that Sir Redvers Buller
has captured Hlangwane hill. Large
numbers of Free Staters have left to meet
Lord Roberts' force. It Is believed that
a number of the/ Boers' big guns have
been taken back across the border."
CAPTURE OF THE
WILTSHIRE TROOPERS
LOURENZO MARQUEZ. Feb. IK.— A
correspondent who was with the Baer
forces in the attack upon Rensberg giv«s
further particulars regarding the capture
of the Wiltshires. He says:
"Commandant Peller, who.arrived first, 1
found two companies of the Wiltshires
and began attacking In the open. Soon'
after he was Joined by a body of , Fr<*e'
Staters and together they drove the Brit
ish back from . the . neighboring -kopjes,'
capturing all but three.
"It Is Impossible to say; exactly how
many of the British were killed and
At Kimberley a report Is current that
Mafeking has been relieved, but that the
Boers are trying to conceal the Informa
tion. • . •
• . ?
SEVERE FIGHTING
ALONG THE MODDER
[Special Cable to the New York Herald. Copy
right, 1900, by New York Herald Com
pany. Republlcation of this dispatch is
prohibited. AH rights reserved in the
United States and Great Britain.]
PRETORIA, Feb. 16, via Lourenzo
Marques, Feb. 19. — Two thousand British
troops succeeded In entering Kimberley
yesterday. There are reports of severe
fighting along the Modder River, but de
tails are lacking.
LOURENZO MARQUES. Feb. 19.— 0n
Saturday the relieving column attempted
to break out of Kimberley with the gar
rison, but failed. Heavy fighting is pro
gressing.
ROBERTS' SUCCESS.
LONDON, Feb. 20.— The Standard's cor
respondent at Modder River, under date
of Sunday, Feb. 18, wires as follows:
"The magnificent success of the plan of
campaign of Lord Roberts must be
ascribed in great part, after full consider
ation has been given for careful and bril
liant strategy, to the extreme mobility of
the newly organized forces employed, but
this mobility has to be paid for. It In
volves a great " expenditure in horses.
Those of the Boers, for instance, are
nearly finished.
/'lt we are to retain our advantage there
must be an unstinted drawing upon every
possible source of supply throughout the
empire. Otherwise we shall be without
enough horses of the suitable kind to fur
nish the necessary remounts.
"The Infantry under Lord Roberts has
done some marvelous marching, mostly
at night. Its pluck and endurance have
gone very far toward iripuring the safety
and success of the cavalry operations."
PRETORIUS RELEASED.
ARUNDEL. Sunday, Feb. 18.—Com
mandant Pretorius, who was captured by
the British at Elands Laagte. and three
other Boer prisoners were handed over
to the Boers from Arundel to-day. A
messenger under a flag of truce had pre
viously arranged the programme. The
prisoners had a cordial interview with
General Clements and were then taken
in an ambulance half way to the Boer
camp.
METHUEN AT KIMBERLEY.
LONDON. Feb. 20.— The Cape Town
correspondent of the Dally News, tele
graphing Sunday, sayo:
"Lord Methuen's , force, I learn, haa ar
rived at Kimberley, having grot through
from Magersfonteln ¦ without fighting."
Wyndham, Parliamentary Secretary of
the Foreign Office, declared the Govern
ment proposed to Invite expression of
opinion from the Colonial Governments re
garding the reorganization of the forces
of the empire, and kindred questions.
MAFEKING REPORTED
TO HAVE BEEN RELIEVED
CAPE TOWN, Feb. 19.— Dispatches from
Maseru say that large forces are being
sent from the Transvaal to the Free
State under prominent generals. It Is also
said the Free State Is making desperate
efforts to collect an army to face the
British at Koffyfontein.
An official proclamation orders out all
male inhabitants between the ages of 16
and 60, and enthusiasts declare that every
one up to the age of 100 must go. ,
Typhoid fever is said to be playing
havoc among the Boers at Colesberg.
wounded, but of the 200 Wiltshires 1 4 2
were captured, .and of those forty-four
were wounded. • .
"The- suffering, of- the wounded . from
heat and thirst was. lntense. The burgh
ers did their best to alleviate this, and
many of the wounded «were . carried ;in
blankets to Rensberg siding.
"At Rietfontein the British rear guard
begran shelling, thus compelling the Fed
erals to leave the .wounded in order io re
pulse the attack. A Krupp gun replied
effectively to the British cannonade. The
Boers lost two killed and four wounded.
They now occupy all the Rensberg posi
tions formerly - occupied by the Br/tlsh.
whose rear guard' ls at Rietfontein, with
the Federals close up."
JAPANESE WANT TO FIGHT.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Feb. 19.— The Jap
anese residents of thiß province have
renewed their offer to raise and equip at
their personal expense a corps of at least
one hundred trained men, fifty of them
CRONJE REPORTED SURROUNDED,
BULLER GAINS MINOR VICTORIES
VOLUME LXXXVII— NO. 82.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1900.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLThe biggest reduction sale known to San Francisco commences
to-day. Prices will astonish all beholders. The new owner means busi-
ness. Come and get acquainted. You'll go home richer.
Mrs. Lodge Dead.
BOSTON, Feb. 19.— Mrs.- Annie E. Lodge,
mother of Senator Lodge, died at- her
home -in this city to-day.' She was 79
years of age. „ $.. 1 -
THIBD FLOOB.
CO fine Camp Chairs. 11.25 va1ue....... $ .70
100 pairs Cotton Blankets, gray 62
120 pair* Blankets, gray 1.25
Gents' nnest Neckwear, EOc kind 20
150 Cape Nome Packing; Strap*.. 50
( doz. Men's Undershirts, medium weight.. .25
Bargains In every line of 'wearing- apparel.
SIXTH TXOOB.
One of the best places In town for a cheap,
wholesome meal will be found on this floor.
You will meet nearly all your friends there be-
tween 11 a. m. and 1 p. m.
FULST FLOOB.
JO-lb sack Buckwheat Flour J .25
Table Peaches or Pears, fine 13
Comb Honey in frames, best : 10
Black Firs, new California 03
Eho« Brushes. 4-bit kind ?.. 25
COCO cakes rood Laundry Soap 02
SECOND FLOOB.
K5 pairs Ladles' Porpoise Calf Shoes Jl.lO
400 pairs Ladles' Fine Shoes I.W
SfWO No « Blark Silk Ribbon, best 07
400 boze* Marbles. 15c value 07
600 books of poetry. "Mother Soul"" 10
EtO yards 60c Marrsvlile Navy Flannel 40
B&rraJns in ever}' department on second floor.
tlon that Congress enters upon the government
of Torto Rico unrestrained by the provisions of
the constitution. This we deny. Those of us
who oppose this measure, I believe, without
exception, maintain that the bill cannot be
enacted into law without a total disregard and
violation of not simply the spirit but the ex
prees letter of the constitution. The Louisiana
Territory, Florida, Texas. California, New
Mexico, Oregon and Alaska have all been ac
quired under our constitution without a Jar or
strain to any of Its wise and beneficent provi
sions and without any debate for 1U amend
ment. Every foot of this vast domain was ac
quired and annexed under Democratic Presi
dents.
The Democratic party has always " favored
proper expansion. Those of us opposing this
measure are not basing our opposition to it on
the ground that It is a measure for expansion.
This is not a measure of expansion. Whether
the constitution of the United States is ex
tended to the Island of Porto Rico ex proprio
vleore or not.' It must be admitted .that when
we enter upon legislation for the ¦ Island, as
Congress will do If it passes this bill, that
question will be put at rest and the territory
will then be a part of us.
The control of the President and military will
have ceased and the expansion as to the island
will have been completed. Legislation by Con
gress for the Island also makes It a part of the
United States. If this bill passes it must fol
low that It Is then a part of the United States.
This being true, the proposition which this bill
carries for unequal taxation of the island as a
portion of the United States is the boldest form
of Imperialism. The opposition to this bill
plants ltMlf upon this ground. The measure Is
Imperialism Itself. In the former acquisitions
to which I have referred no such measure as
the pending one was ever proposed or deemed
necessary- This effort, therefore, clearly mama
the dividing line between all former acquisi
tions and that of Porto Rico. t-\ ,
Richardson proceeded with an exhaust
ive legal argument to prove that the con
stitution extended over our new posses
sions, quoting numerous decisions of the
Supreme Court. He continued:
But nven If It be conceded that Con
gress has the power to legislate in accord
ance with the provisions of the pending bill,
then the exercise of such power would be un
wise. If we pfcss ithls ;.bJH it, will bean act of
¦bad faith toward the people .of Porto -Rico. T\>
are told that, the Inhabitants of that island
welcomed General 'Mile* unfl'.the armies of the
•United -States lrt July. .189$,- whan; they Invaded
their territory and struck down the power of
Spain. This they did because they were as
mired and confidently believed that as the tyr
annous shackles of Spain; were stricken from
them, they were to be admitted to the Immu
nities and blessings of our liberal institutions,
as welj .a*, our enlightened^ civilisation. Our
soldiers were hailed as 'redeemers. ' Why? It'
was because of the alluring promises held out
to the Inhabitants of the island by the United
States. ,
Shall we not, then, do our plain fluty ? Let
us vote down this moet dangerous . bill. I am
proud to be able to say that. In my opinion.
GALES ON SPANISH COAST.
Twenty-Four Seamen Go Down With
Wrecked Vessels.
SANTANDER, Spain, Feb. ».— Gales
are causing a number of shipping disas
ters on the north coast of Spain. Three
small vessels have been wrecked near
here and twenty-four seamen drowned.
Eight other vessels are missing. Two
coasting ships, with crews totaling forty
eight men, are reported to have foundered
off Gljon.
Norwegian Naval Cadets.
NORFOLK. Va.. Feb. 13.— The Norwe
gian corvette Elflda. a schoolship of the
Norse navy, with SOO cadets, is anchored
in the harbor here, and will remain sev
eral days. She saluted the United State*
flag at Fortress Monroe as she entered
Hampton Roads.
Fire Destroys a Mill.
PAWTUCKET. R. 1.. Feb. 19.— The old
Ingahamville mill burned to-day with a
loss of $140,000 to the Charlton Manufac
turing Company. The mill was engaged
in finishing and cutting urelvet, plush and
corduroy. It was said to be the only plant
of Its kind In the country. It employed
100 persons.
BREWERS' BILL PASSED.
Calls Up a House Discussion on the
War Tax.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 19.— 1n the House
to-day Dollivar of lowa, from the Com
mittee on Ways and Means, moved the
passage, under suspension of the rule, of
the bill reported from the committee to
amend sections 5333 and 3341 of the Re
vised Statutes, relating to internal reve
nue tax on fermented liquors. The pur
pose of the bill, Doljivar said, was to
abolish the smaller packages of beer, one
sixth and one-eighth barrels. The bill,
he said, was asked for by the brewing
interests of the country. It would In no
wise affect the revenue. Fletcher (R.) of
Minnesota offered an amendment provid
ing that the bill shall not go into effect
until July 1. 1900. The amendment was
agreed to.
Sulzer (D.) of New York said he favored
the bill, but that it was merely a sop to
the brewers. What they really wanted
was the abolition of the war tax. He
thought the war revenue law should be
repealed. The Republicans, he said, had
promised to do that when the war was
over, but they had made no move in that
direction. He challenged . the leaders on
the other side to pay when they proposed
to repeal that law. which was used to pile
up money in the Treasury to be loaned
without interest to national banks.
Terry <D.) of Arkansas declared that the
Republicans were using the war taxes to
eke out the deficiencies .caused by the
Dingley law, which, he said, had proved
a most lamentable failure. The Republi
cans Jeered this remark, and continued to
Jeer when Terry said that the Republicans
dare not abolish their policy of criminal
aggression In the Philippines because of
the secret understanding with Great Brit
ain, and for the same reason dare not
offer a word of sympathy for the two re
publics straggling for liberty in South
Africa.
Otjen of Wisconsin, Rartholdt of Mis
souri and Bsbcock of Wisconsin urged the
passage of the bill In Justice to the brew
ers. The latter said that the brewers were
carrying the greatest tax burden In this
country (paying $72,000,000 of taxes) ani
were entitled to consideration. Bartlctt
of Georgia said the humble were asking
relief from the war taxes, and they shouH
be listened to as well as the rich associa
tion of brewers, who paid heavy cam
paign contributions.
The bill was passed without division.
Plyler Again on Trial.
SANTA CRUZ. Feb. 19.— The third trial
of George F. Plyler for mayhem began to
day in the Superior Court. Six jurors
were obtained. The defense will be in
sanity.
INTERESTS THE
PACIFIC COAST
Work of California Dele
gation at Washington.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. Feb. 19.—
Representative Wr.ters to-day called on
the Commissioner of the Land Office, and
after presenting to him requests from the
oil men of California, supplemented by a
joint resolution of the Legislature and a
request signed by the entire delegation in
Congress to suspend the filing of the land
scrip until after the character of the
land had been determined upon by Inves
tigations by the Commissioners, Cura
xnlngs and Ryan of Los Angeles, special
agents, were appointed to make examina
tions and report to the Interior Depart
ment. The department issued the order
at the request of these various persons
for the suspension of such filing and an
order was made that all applications for
scrip filing will hereafter b« referred to
the General Land Office until after exam
ination. Senator Perkins and the Cali
fornia delegation In general have been
energetic In their upholding of these
claimants, and Colonel Harris of Los An
geles, the representative of California oil
men, who is here, Is being congratulated
upon his success.
The Committee on Public Lands of the
Hous* has asked Representative Kahn to
appear before It ana explain the bill al
lowing the California State University to
use Lake Tahoe as a forest reservation-
Representatives Need ham and De Vries.
both members of the committee, are
looking after the bill and are confident of
Its passage.
Representative Kahn was before the
House Committee on Public Buildings to
day and advocated the passage of the bill
for a new custom house at San Fran
cisco. The committee directed Mr. Kahn
to bring before them all papers in the
case, and after investigating the matter
will probably make a favorable report.
Senator Perkins is confident that this bill
will pass the Senate and Mr. Kahn Is
making every effort to make the same a
law before adjournment.
Commissioner of Patents Duell to-day
submitted to Congress his annual report
for the year 1599. It shows that 731 pat
ents were granted to Callfornians. or one
for every 1G52 Inhabitants: Oregon, 103. or
one for every 2046 inhabitants; Washing
ton 154. or one for every 2^'CS Inhabitants.
There were seven patents granted to
Hawaliatip during IKS?.
Senator Simon to-day introduced a bill
appropriating $250,000 for the establish
ment of a mint at Portland. Or.
The extension of the corporate expense
of the Santa Barbara County National
Bank has been approved by the Comp
troller of the Treasury until |£2K
The Committee on Interstate Commerce
cf the Housfe will in a few days ask Rep
resentative Kahn to appear before It and
explain the provisions of his bill prohib
iting the serioing of the products of con
vict labor from one State to another.
The Contract for the carrying of mail
from Hazard to Dragon Station. Wash.,
liaa been awarded to the Idaho. Nevada
sad California Stagre Company.
Adolph O. Cordell of San Francisco has
ben appointed a special laborer in ..the
Mare Island Navy \ard.
The postoffice at Rex, San Benito Coun-
when the roll -Is called upon its passage, not
a solitary Democratic vote in this chamber will
be recorded In its favor. All will stand by the
Unkm-and the -constitution. We revtre that
Instrument as. the best ever devised by the
brain 'and Intellect of man. It has been the
hope and the stay of our people for more than
a hundred years. ' • .
• Dalzell of Pennsylvania, 'th« , ranking
member of the Ways and Means Commit
tee, followed In a legal and constitutional
argument in support of the contention of
the majority thdt the constitution did not
extend over- our new possessions. The
constitution, he said, 1 - was established by
the people of the United States for the
United States. It provided for the future
•admission of countries into the Union. and
expressly conferred upon Congress the
power to govern them as Territories until
they were admitted as States. -¦¦¦'. .
Dalzell expressed his opposition to free
trade with Porto Rico at this time. '. We
must be generous to Porto Rico, but Just
to ourselves. If; we must have- free trade
with Porto Rico, we must with the Philip
pines. The result might be the planting 1
of immense areas of sugar and tobacco.
The low wages paid would be a menace to
labor-in this country* . <
Turning to. the question of the consent
of th.c governed, Dalzell asserted that lit a
representative republic the right to gov
ern, did not depend upon the consent of
the governed. The methods of govern
ment prescribed by the principles of an
glican liberty as "practiced in the UnltiM
States would be. grotesque In the Philip
pine Islands and would bring to their peo
ple no advantage. They would be, in point
of fact, impossible of exercise.
"The guarantees of liberty," he conclud
ed, "do not exist alone in the constitu
tion of the United States. They do not de
pend upon the great instrument for their
strength and perpetuity. They would con
tinue to live and flourish if that constitu
tion were annihilated. They are the In
destructible heritage of humanity."
The House at 5 o'clock took a recesa un
til 8 o'clock, the evening session to be de
voted to private pension legislation.
m • ¦
RESOLUTIONS AIMED
AT THE SUGAR TRUST
"WASHINGTON, Feb. 19.—Representa
tive Richardson of Tennessee, the minor
ity, leader of the House, after consulta
tion with some of his Democratic col
leagues to-day, introduced in the House
WASHINGTON, Feb. 19.— A simple res
olution of Inquiry introduced In the Sen
ate to-day by Hale of Maine precipitated
an hour's constitutional debate by some
of the ablest constitutional lawyers In the
body on the authority of Congress at its
pleasure to extend or withhold the con
stitution to • territory \ acquired by the
United States. The bill providing a gov
ernment for the Territory of ' Hawaii was
under' consideration most of the after
noon, Cullom, In charge of the measure,
explaining in'detail its provisions.
On convening the Senate passed a bill
{or: the relief- of claimants having cases
pending against the United States In the
Circuit .and District Courts affected by
an act of IS9S.
Hale offered a resolution which, after a
long debate, was adopted, calling, upon
the commissioners of tne District-of Co
lumbia for information as to why i the
law of Congress relating to telephone
charges had riot been enforced and prac
tically was inoperative.
; Gallinger, Foraker and Platt of Con
uectlcut.called attention to the fact that
the. telephone charges r flxed by Congress
had been decided by a Judge of the Su
preme Court of the District of Columbia
to amount to a practical confiscation of
telephone property and In violation of
the constitutional provision against taking
property., without due process of law.
Each rather deprecated Congressional
action in the questioning of court de
cisions, whether satisfactory to Senators
or -not. Hale insisted- that the rights ot
the telephone monopoly In .the premises
should be passed upon by: the United
States Supreme Court.
Tillman at this point, having in mind
the extension of the constitution over the
insular possessions of the United State*,
precipitated a legal debate by inquiring
now the constitution extended over the
District of Columbia, if, as had been
maintained. Congress had plenary power
In the district.
Foraker replied that the constitution
extended over the district when It wan a
part of Virginia and Maryland and was
never withdrawn. He maintained that
Congress had ample authority. In his
judgment, to extend the constitution over
such territory as the United States might
acquire, or withhold it at will. Once ex
tended over territory Congress was bound
by its limitations.
Chilton of Texas inquired if the provi
sions of the constitution, once extended
Stops the Coufth and Works Off the Cold.
Laxative Bromo-Qu tnlne Tablets cure a cold
in one day, No curv no pay. Prlca 25c
RAIN TALES IN MANY
SECTIONS OF STATE
Indications of a Downpour in
Southern California, Where
.MGis-tiipe Is Most Needed.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 19.— Rain is fall
ing here to-night, though not heavily. It
is for once an unwelcome rain, for the
farmers have had so much moisture that
they are behind In their seeding, the
ground being . too wet to work. It Is
hoped the present storm will be short.
SAN JOSE. Feb. 19.— A- misty rain ha 3
fallen since dark, but at 10 o'clock meas
urement does not exceed one-hundredth
of an inch. Prospects seem good for a
heavier downpour, before morning. Noth
ing Is sufferinsr here for lack of moist
ure, but rain would be welcomed.
SALINAS. Feb. 19.— This immediate vi
cinity in particular and Monterey County
in general has Deen treated to a much
needed and bountiful rainfall. The newly
¦planted crops in this section have been
in a precarious condition for the past two
weeks owing to the warm weather, but
by last night's rain they will once more
be resuscitated. The precipitation for
the storm thus far is .26 and for the sea
son 8.95* inches, against less than seven
Inches up to the present time last year.
There is every indication of more rain.
MONTEREY. Feb. 19.— The long drought
that has existed In this section of Mon
terey County since December 15 last waa
broken last night by a copious downpour
of rain, and ¦ general rejoicing: among
farmers and -business men Is the result.
The rain began falling about .7 o'clock in
the evening and continued throughout
the night. About .75 of an Inch fell.
Present indications point to a continua
tion of the storm. .-
NAPA, Feb. 19.— The»e has been a
slight fall of rain. for the past two days,
terminating in / a steady downpour to
night. -
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 19.— The weather
to-night Is not favorable for rain, which
is badly needed In Southern California
Grain is suffering: for moisture, son>
crops having already turned yellow. De
ciduous fruit trees are blooming an.
orchardists and farmers are becoming
discouraged.
SAN DIEGO. Feb. 19.— 1t is clear here
to-night, but the local weather forecasi
Is for showers to-morrow. At Alpine
there was a light sprinkle thi3 morning
Rain Is needed at once in most parts en
the county.
FRESNO, Feb. 19.— Snortly after mid
night a light shower of rain fell, and as
the prediction for to-day is rain It will
probably continue. The farmers- have
been looking for rain, but the crops do not
need It for a couple of weeks yet. ,
STOCKTON. Feb. W.— A liffht sprinkle of
rain fell this afternoon an-1 evening, but
was no more than sufficient to lay the
dust and will not be of any benefit to
crops. The barometer is falling and th«
indications are very good for a downpour.
More Bain for San Francisco.
Weather prophets in San Francisco
forecast more rain for to-day. They tell
as a basis of prognostication that . "the
pressure has fallen rapidly during tht>
past twelve hours" along the coast. Whll-i
only a "trace" of rain was recorded as
having fallen In this section during the
past twenty-four hours, the entire sea
son's rainfall was figured at H. 39. a*
against 7.77 for last season. No- fall tr.<
recorded from San Luis Obispo. Lns An
geles, San Diego or Yuma. but Eureka re
ported .22 of an inch. Red Bluff .I^, Sacra
mento .02. Fresno .01. Independence .]."».
Storms are reported In the north: and San
Francisco to-day will, the prophets say;
enjoy brisk to high southeasterly winia.
Is open for business under new ownership and new prices that will
commend themselves to cash buyers everywhere. It is prices that count,
along with business integrity and polite service. Here are a few business
bringers. Will you take them upf
two resolution aiming at the sugar trust.
The first is as follows:
Whereas, The prices of sugars have recently
several times been advanced, manufacturers
In each instance having agreed upon the named
price per pound, which is prima facie evidence
that a trust or combination exists for the pur
pose of destroying competition in order that
enormous profits may be realized;- that the
American Sugar Refining Company of New
Jersey having for many years paid 12 per cent
annually In dividends upon $36,968,000 of com
mon stock ; therefore. ¦be It ¦ . ¦
• Resolved. That sugars manufactured by the
said American Sugar Refining Company of New
Jon-ey and all other manufacturers in this
country shall, after six months from the pas
sage of this act. be prohibited by the Inter
state Commerce Commission from being trans
ported, in .any .manner whatsoever from one
fctate to another until the said commission are
satisfied' that sugars offered for Interstate
transportation have not yielded a profit to the
manufacturer thereof of more than 4 per cent
in excess of the. cost. of the same, which shall
be ascertained in such manner as the said com
mission in its discretion may determine. *
The second provides that:
Whereas, A monopoly exists among sugar
manufacturers and In consequence enormous
profits are being realized: therefore be it
Resolved. From and after the passage of
this resolution all kinds of sugars, molasses
and everything entering Into the manufacture
of sugars! shall be admitted free of duty from
Porto Rico. Cuba and the Hawaiian Islands.
• Richardson, speaking of these resolu
tions, said: ••':-¦»;'-*: )>
The Interstate Commerce Commission, under
the constitution as interpreted by the Supreme
Court In the Addlston Pipe and Steel Com
pany and the-F. C. Knight Company case*,
has the power to : refuse Interstate transpor
tation to sugars and other manufactured ar
ticles which produce enormous profits through
monopolistic Control until' the profits on such
goods have been • brought within fair and rea
sonable limits, and when .the necessities: of
life are Involved, as in sugars, if not In any
•other manufactured articles controlled by mo
nopolies, public sentiment will sustain- the
commission In the exercise of. such cower. In
order, however, through a specific govern
mental enactment .to make it mandatory for
the said commission to exercise that Dower I
have offered ,this non-partisan resolution. -
THE SITUATION IN KENTUCKY.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Feb. 18.— A political argument between ex-State Senator Charles J. Bronston of Lexington and
Claude Desna, chief clerk of the Senate, came near precipitating a shooting affray on a Chesapeake and. Ohio train crowded
with returning Democratic legislators to-ntght. Bronston Is said to have denounced the Goebel men as revolutionists, and
Desna, to whom the remarks were addressed, denominated Bronston as sy bolter. Angry words passed and Senator Bronston
drew a pistol. Several legislators stood between them and prevented trouble, y : •/ ,"
oveT a territory by Congress, could be
withdrawn by Congress.
Foraker replied that that question had
never arisen and probably never would
arise. Ho was inclined to the belief that
there might be difficulty In withdrawing
the constitution when once extended over
a territory.
The discussion of the constitutional
questions Involved took a wide range.
Lindsay of Kentucky was inclined to the
opinion, he said, that the constitution
could be extended or withheld from ac
quired territory. Vest of Missouri in
quired whether Chief Justice Marshall had
not decided that wherever the authority
and jurisdiction of the United States ex
tended the constitution also extended.
Lindsay did not think that- the entire
constitutional interpretation of. all the fu
ture ought to be based on* Chief Justice
Marshall's decision in that case. In re
sponse to Hoar, Lindsay said the appli
cation of the constitution had been ex
panded. Jefferson, he said, did not believe
a State could be created out of territory
not included within the original limits of
the United States, but nevertheless we
had advanced far beyond that point.
The bill providing for a government for
Hawaii was then taken up. Culloxn of
Illinois, in charge of the measure, ex
plained its provisions section by- section*
elaborating the necessarily condensed lan
guage of the bill. ' ' : . :
Tillman was disposed to criticise tho
bill, as indicated by his interruptions of
Cullom, because property and educational
qualifications for voters and office holders
were required. Inasmuch as objections
were raised In. this country to Southern
States demanding similar qualifications of
their voters.
Cullom said the matter had been con
sidered most carefully by the Foreign Re
lations Committee, and, as a means of
protecting the Interests of the Islands and
their citizens from disorder and confu
sion, the restricted suffrage qualifications
had been adoped.- No discrimination was
shown against any race or class of people
in Hawaii. Under the bill all were treat
ed with absolute equality.
Cullom explained as a particular reason
for earlier action upon the pending -bill
that the bubonic plague had created a
serious situation in Honolulu. Thirty
acres of the city were burned by i the
authorities to prevent | the spread •of the
plague. • Eight thousand persons, home
less and nearly naked, were in quarantine
and were being supported by the other
citizens of Honolulu. The Hawaiian peo
ple had made a strong appeal for the en
actment .'of legislation . that would give
them the authority of .permanent govern
ment, and he hoped the measure might
be given speedy but thorough considera
tion.
ty, will be discontinued after February
£c. Mail should be sent to Hernandez.
Army orders— The following named offi
cers are relieved from duty Fn the Philip
pine Islands and will proceed to San
Francisco, and report by telegraph to the
adjutant general of the army for further
orders:
Captain Vernon A. Caldwell, First Lieu
tenant Campbell E. Babcock. First Lieu
tenant George H. Knox, all of the Sev
enth Infantry-
Pensions — California, original: John D.
Cochran, San Bernardino, $10; Michael
O'Hara, San Francisco, $8. Increase—Jo
seph H. Hornback, Santa Rosa, $6 to $12;
William K. Morford, Los Angeles, $8 to
$12; John H. Brookman, Veterans' Home,
Napa, $10 to $12. Original widows— Special
accrued, February 7, Hannah Cheatham,
Vacavilfe, $8. . •
Oregon: Original— William Shaffer. Gold
Hill. $S. Increase— Wentworth V. Baker,
Empire City, $8 to $12. Reissue and in
crease—Hezekiah H. Wlnslow, Sheridan,
$6 to $S. '
Washington: Original— Moses G. Smith,
Anacortes, $6. Increase — George W* Stultz,
Dwamish. $6 to $3.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 19.— Senator Clark
of Montana was again to-day the star
witness before the Senate Committee on
Privileges and Elections, notwithstanding
Dr. Treacey also was heard. Treacey,
Justice Hunt's physician, occupied the
entire forenoon sitting and a part of the
afternoon session. His statement con
cerning his Interviews with Justice Hunt
corroborated the testimony of the Justice
in all essential details except that his
recollection was that $50,000 and nut $IW.
©OO was the amount mentioned by him as
the price which the Justice should get
Cor having the Wellcome disbarment case
thrown out of the State Supreme Court.
He raid that Justice Hunt was an inti
mate friend and he asserted his motive in
taking the course he did to be to test
the Justice's ability to withstand the cor
rupting influence of money. He had re-
ceived no funds from any source to pay
the bribe suggested and had been prom
ised none for that purpose.
Clark necessarily went over much of
the ground covered by him In his testi
mony Saturday. He was cross-examined
by Campbell and insisted that he had
spent no money for corrupt purposes dur
ing the Montana Senatorial campaign.-- He
gave a detailed statement of expenditures
for political purposes during the legisla
tive and Senatorial contests, which footed
up. as Senator Turley announced, $139,000.
He declared that his only purpose in en
tering upon the campaign was the over
throw of Daly's rule in the State, which,
he Paid, was so tyrannical that he would
not desire to continue his residence in
the State If It were to continue.
It was eald to-day that Daly would go
on the stand in rebuttal. He is expected
any day.
SESSIONS HELD
BY EACH PARTY
Double-Headed Legisla
ture in Kentucky.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Feb. 19.— The Dem
ocrats held a session of the -Seriate with
President pro tern. Carter presiding this
morning and adjourned to me»t at 10:30.
The Republicans had adjourned on Sat
urday to meet at 10:30 to-day. When
the Senate convened both Carter and
Marshall presided. The* Republicans,
recognizing Marshall, adjourned after
prayer and, led by Lieutenant Governor
Marshall, the Republican Senators left
the hall.
The Democratic Senators, recognlilng
President pro tern. Carter, paid no at
tention to the Republican proceedings,
and continued In session. The Democratic
Senate then adopted a motion, introduced
by Allen of Lexington, to reaffirm the
former action of the Senate by which
Goebel was declared Governor. This pre
vailed on a viva voce vote. Senator
Triplett, an anti-Gojsbel Democrat, voted
with the Democrats for- the purpose of
making a quorum. The Democratic Sen
ators adjourned after adopting the Allen
resolutions. Both Republicans and Dem
ocrats adjourned to meet in the same hall
to-morrow. The Democrats will meet at
10:30 a. m., and the Republicans at noon.
The House Democrats will follow the
action of the Senate Democrats, ratifying
the former proceedings In the Goebel-
Taylor and the .Bockham-Marshall con
tests. ' • ' —' — • -
The House convened at noon. Speaker
Trimble presiding. The Journal of the
Democratic Legislature sit tine: at Lpuls~
vllle'was read. Hlckman (Htm.) demand
ed a roll call to ascertain the presence of
a quorum. The Republicans did not an-
Bwer to their names and only fifty-three
of the sixty Democrats were present.
The House adopted a resolution direct-
Ing the custodian of public buildings to
drape the legislative halls and State
House with emblems of mourning and to
place the State Capitol flag at half-mast
on account of the death of Governor
Goebel.
BETROTHAL OF
ANNIE WHEELER
She Will Wed Lieu
tenant Fiscus.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA, Feb. 13.—Intelligence
reached this city to-day of the engage
ment of Lieutenant W. W. Flscus of the
Nineteenth United States Infantry, now
stationed in the Philippines, to Miss
Annie Wheeler, youngest daughter of
Major General Joseph Wheeler. Lieuten
ant Fiscus, who is a son of former Sheriff
Kiscus of Armstrong County, met Miss
Wheeler when he was a cadet in West
Point, where General Wheeler's two sons
were hi* classmates. Miss Wheeler fre
quently visited her brothers there. When
the Spanish war broke out, young Fiscus
was among the first of West Point cadets
to receive a commission. He served with
distinction all through the Santiago cam
paign.
Soon after the surrender of Santiago.
Lieutenant Flscus was stricken with ty
phoid fever. He was brought north and
taken to Fort Wadsworth, where his life
was despaired of for a long time. When
he recovered. Lieutenant Flscus was aa
signed to duty in Porto Rico and later
in ¦ the Philippines. The same transport
which carried Lieutenant Flseu*- to Ma
nila had as passengers General Wheeler
and Miss Annie Wheeler who was going
out as an army nurse. On the long voy
age the acquaintance b^gun at West
Point was renewed and the engagement
followed. >. • . -
Lleutenant Flscus' company is now do
insr garrison duty in the island of Cebu.
Miss tVhe'eler «?nd her father are on their
way to the United States. On her arrival
Miss Wheeler will visit Philadelphia as
the guest of her prospective slater-ln-lavr.
The marriage will take plar* as so<",n as
Lieutenant Flscus can obtain leave of ab
sence from duty In the Philippines.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 19.— The debate
upon the Porto Rlcan tariff bill, which is
to continue throughout - the week, and
possibly longer, opened in .the House to
day. On all Sides it is agreed that this
bill, although 1 It applies only to Porto
Rico, involving as it does tha question oft
the power to govern ' our new possessions
outside the limitations " of the island, is
the moat Important measure which will
come before this Congress. Interest In
the bill is Intense among: the numbers on
both sides, and there is urgent demand'
for time. The Democrats are solidly ar-j
rayed aguinst the measure, and they will
have powerful support from .the; Repub-;
lican Eide In McCall of Massachusetts and
Littlefleld of -Maine, both able and.force
ful debaters. How far the Republican dis
affection will extend' : ;or ; whether it .will
endanger the bill, it is impossible to say at
ths time. ;: ; {vA.;r.v ,'.••;,,;..-¦,;;,:>.,¦ .
Payne, the 'floor leader, of' the majority,
refused to agree that a -vote should be
taken upon a substitute to be offered by
the minority. This' substitute, which has
not yet been framed, will be In substance
the bill originally introduced ' by Payne,
providing for free trade with Porto Rico
by the extension qf the, customs and rev
enue laws of trie United ' States over the
island. ¦ ¦ ' •'. •
The debate to-day lacked exciting fea
tures. It was In the- nature of a long
range bombardment before the clash of
the contending forces In battle. Payne'
opened with a general argument in supr
port of the bill, going largely into the
material side of the situation which the
bill is designed to relieve. Richardson,
the Democratic leader, joined issue upon
the power of Congress to enact the pro
posed legislation, and Daizell of Pennsyl
vania backed up Payne with a constitu
tional and legal argument. All three were
listened to with close attention. Richard
son of Tennessee, the leader of the mi
nority, made the opening argument in op
position t« the measure. Said he: ; .:¦. \
I am not an alarmist, but In my Judgment the
pending bill Is more dangerous to the liberties
of the people of. this republic than any meas
ure ever before seriously presented to the
American Congress. It will prove more far
reaching in Its provisions and disastrous In the
results that must necessarily follow If It should
be enacted into law than any act ever passed
by Congress. •
The bill Is framed upon the Idea, and assurnp-
Party Lines Drawn Upon the Question of Extending the Authority
of the- Constitution to the Insular Possessions
•. Ul lllc UIIILCU uldlCD.
Dr. Treacey's Novel Explanation of
the Attempt to Brilie the
Montana Justice.
STATUS OF COLONIES DEBATED
IN THE SENATE AND HOUSE
WANTED TO SEE IF
HUNT WERE HONEST
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL., TUESDAY,- FEBRUARY 20, 1900.
JUSTICE HUNT OF MONTANA.
§1 I ICIC o d 1 Id WCo
H While this picture is a good one, it cannot do justice
H to the Hawes. *\You have to see the hat to appreciate its
a stylish shape, graceful appearance and fashionable color.
m But the Hawes are made in more than one style — • •;
H they come in soft and stiff shapes — four varieties and
j four different colors. Every Hawes hat is
2NOT OPEN TO MINERS.
Interior Department's Ruling as ta
Alaska Tide Lands.
WASHINGTON*. Feb. 19.— The Secretary
of the Interior has confirmed the decision
rendered by the Commissioner of the Gen
eral Land Office In which It was held that
the tide lands of Alaska are not public
lands belonging to the United States
within the meaning of the mining laws and
that no rights whatever with respect to
such lands shall be acquired by explora
tion, occupation, location or otherwise un
der the mining laws.
MARCEL-HABEBT'S TRIAL.
French Senate Decides That It Has
Jurisdiction in the Case.
PARIS. Feb. J9.— The Senate as a high
court reassembled tc-day in order to try
Deputy Marcel-Habert on the same
charges as those upon which M. Derou
lede was convicted, namely, attempting
to lead troops upon th»? Elysee Palace at
the time of the funeral of the late Presi
dent Faure. Comparatively little inter
est was taken In the proceedings. After
secret deliberation the high court de
cided It was competent to try M. Marcel-
Habert. The high court then adjourned.
In the Chamber of Deputies to-day the
session was devoted to a discussion of tho
Senate's competence to try the case of M.
Marcel-Habert, which the latter con
testa.
Funeral of Reuben Aldrich.
MONTEREY. Feb. I?.— Reuben. Aldrlch.
an aged' resident of Corral de Tierra, died
at his home on Friday last and was
buried yesterday under the auspices of
Salinas Lodge of Odd Fellows, of which
deceased was a member. Heart failure,
superinduced by dropsy, caused death.
RUSSIA CAN OCCUPY HERAT
WHENEVER SHE CHOOSES
London Paper Supplements This State
ment With an Assertion That the
Step Would Cause War.
LONDON. Feb. 20.— The Daily Chronicle, In a rather alarming editorial to-day
regarding the Russian designs on the Afghan frontier, after reciting what Is
known of the position of affairs there, says:
"Both parties in Parliament have repeatedly assevented that the very next
step— that of Herat, means war. There Is no doubt that Russia could take
Herat to-morrow If slio liked. England would net-d a month to reach the
same objective. The only barrier between Russia and her prey Is a moral
one."
The Dally Chronicle then pictures India's means of defense, concluding
that Russia would probably not attempt to seize India,
NO MONOPOLY
ON THE NEWS
¦ ¦ »
Decision Against Asso
ciated Press.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., Feb. 19.— 1n the ap
peal of the Inter Ocean Publishing Com
pany against the Associated Press the
Supreme Court to-day rendered an opinion
reversing the decree entered by the* Cook
County Circuit Court and the Appellate
Court of the First District and remanding
the cause to the Circuit Court, with di
rections to enter a decree as prayed for
in tho original bill filed by the Inter Ocean
Publishing Company to restrain the Asso
ciated Press from suspending or expelling
the petitioner from Its membership and
from refusing to furnish It news, accord-
Ing to Its contract.
This bill set up the fact that the Asso
ciated Press haa been able to control the
business of buying and accumulating news
In Chicago and selling the same and had
thus created for itself an exclusive mo
nopoly, and to preserve such monopoly
had declared the Sun Printing and Pub
lishing Association a rival or competitor
in business and antagonistic to It, and
sought to prohibit its members from buy
ing news therefrom, under penalty of sus
pension or expulsion. It was also alleged
that the appellee had compelled some of
its members by threats to cease buying
the special news of the Sun Printing and
Publishing Association under Its contracts
with Its members, including the appell
lant. The appellee filed an answer to the
bill, and a hearing was had, the Circuit
Court dismissing the bill for want of
equity, and on appeal to the Appellate
Court this decree was affirmed. The Su
preme Court now reverses this decree and
remands the cause.
The opinion, written by Justice Phillips,
holds that the manner In which the cor
poration has used its franchise has
charged its business with a public inter
est: i
It has devoted Its property to a public usr
and has. In effect, granted to the puNlc inch
an Interest In Its use that it must submit to
be controlled by the public for the common
rood to the extent of the Interest it has thus
created la- the public in Its private property.
The sole purpose for which news was frathered
was that the same should be sold, and all
newspaper publishers destriny: to purchase such
news for publication are entitled to purchase
ttv same without discrimination against them.
The clause of the contract which sought to
restrict the appellant from obtaining- new* from
other sources than from appellee Is an attempt
at restriction upon trade and business among
the citizens of a common country. Competition
can never be held hostile to public Interests,
and efforts to prevent competition by contract
or otherwise can never be looked upon with
favor by the courts.
The court finds that the by-law of the
appellee corporation, which seeks to pre
vent its members publishing special or
other news or receiving such news from
any person declared by it hostile, 1? not
required for corporate purposes, nor In
cluded within the purposes of the creation
of the corporation. To enforce this by
law and contracts made under It -would
"enable the appellee to designate the char
acter of news to be published and.
whether true or false, there could be no
check on it by publishing news from
other sources. The appellee would be
powerful in the creation of a monopoly
in its favor and could dictate the char
acter of news it would furnish and could
prejudice the interests of the public. Such
a power was never contemplated In its
creation and is hostile to public Interests.
The clear effect of this by-law Is to create
a monopoly, which renders it void."
PREMIER SILVELA
RAISES A STORM
Says England Offered
Aid to Spain.
LONDON, Feb. 19.— A dispatch from
Madrid saying that Premier Siivela re
cently declared In the Senate that pre
vious to the war with the United States
the British Government consented to let
Spain have 8200 shells which were beln;
manufactured for her at the Maxims fac
tory at Placentia meets with vigorous de
nial In London. Albert Vickers, head o£
the Vickers Maxim firm, said:
"Senor Sllvela lied. There is not a word
of truth in this allegation that England,
helped Spain to fight the United States.
In the first place, the factory at Placentia
is a branch of our concern, built at tha
request of Spain, because that country
wanted ammunition of home manufacture.
It Is under the Spanish Government's con
trol, and there ne%'er was a shell manu
factured there for sale In England or la
any country except Spain, where a law
against the export of ammunition exists."
Senor Sllvela is further quoted as say-
Ing that Spain, not having used the shells,
allowed them to be returned to the Britlsti
Government and that he did not consider
the latter step a violation of neutrality.
This transactioa also Vickers denied. In
quiries made at the Foreign Office show
that no papers exist dealing with any
such transaction: but Lord Salisbury took
the matter up personally, instituting: In
quiries in *he various departments with
the view of issnilng a denial should It b«
proved that Senor Siivela has been cor
rectly quoted. The3e inquiries of tho
Premier resulted In an official statement
being made to the effect that the British.
Government never entered into any such
transaction, and if the Vickers Maxim
Company undertook It the concern did so
without the knowledge of the Govern
ment.
Canners Organize.
VANCOUVER. B. C, Feb. 19.— The first
meeting of the members of the Frazer
River canners' combine was held to-day
An organization was effected under the
name of the Frazer River Canners' Asso
ciation.
BOYS MISSING AND THEIR BOAT
FOUND FLOATING BOTTOM UP
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBYRUAR 20, 1900.
BOLT OF THE
ANTI-FUSION
POPULISTS
?
Walk Out of the National
Committee Meeting
at Lincoln.
BRYAN'S FRIENDS
IN THE SADDLE
Presidential Coareation to B» Held in Con
junction With That of the
Democrats
* <
LINCOLN. Neb. Feb. 19.— A split and a
walkout followed a turbulent meeting of
the Populist National Committee to-night.
the anti-fusion leaders, after having a
cumber of their followers turned down by
the credentials committee, organizing a
bolt and forming a new committee. The
members favorable to fUßlon. after adopt
ing the report of the credentials commit
tee, adjourned until to-morrow, when in
all likelihood they will empower the chair
man or a committee to call the national
convention for the same city and at the
tame time the Democratic convention ie
held.
Caucnsea and conferences this morning
among the contending factions betokened
an Inharmonious meeting of tfte full com
mittee, which began at 3 p. m. in the Kep
resentaUve hall of the State Capitol, and
the Indications that breakers were ahead
were emphasized ten minute* after Chair
man Butler called the committee to order
and announced that It would at once go
into executive Eesslon. The differences of
the members, of whom there were about
eighty present, but holding proxies for
nearly the full committee, hinged pri
marily on the old question of fusion. The
element led by Senator Allen, with appar
ently the etrongeet following. Insisted on
fusion, anfl, to that end. that a committee
be appointed with power to call the con
vention for the same day and place as the
Democrats. Senator Allen said:
"I am not In favor of admitting to the
committee meeting this afternoon or
recognizing as members of the commit
tee any man who participated In the Cin
cinnati convention that nominated Bar
ker and Donnelly for .President and Vice
President. I am not in favor of recogniz
ing proxies from such men, neither am I
In favor of recognizing any such man
who sends a proxy. I do not believe the
committee should admit any member who
Is supporting a ticket other than the one
to be nominated In the convention this
committee shall call. The committee
ehould throw over the transom every
member who has no right to participate
in these deliberations, and I believe It
will do it.'
J. A. Parker of Kentucky replied on be
half of the middle-of-the-road— or anti
fusion — men.
The calling of the list of commttteemen
proceeded without Incident to the end.
when Parker asked why the proxy of
Committeeman A. W. Files of Arkansas
and Robert Mcßeynolds of Lincoln had
been omitted. Robert Schilling of Wis
consin said he challenged the right of
any man to sit in the meeting, regardless
of his credentials, who had taken part In
the Cincinnati convention which nom
inated Barker and Donnelly.
Chairman Butler ruled that the whole
matter must go to the committee on cre
dentials, and he thereupon appointed as
such committee Allen of Nebraska.
Weaver of lowa and Tracey of Texas, all
of the fusion faction, and declared the
meeting adjourned, amid the protests of
the middle-of-the-roadsters, who de
nounced his action as partisan. When
the committee reassembled at 8:45 the
anti-fusionists presented the following
proposition:
That the commute* recorniied only leral
proxies. *:arr.x>ed with reveDU* stamps, ac
corfiin* to law.
That the roll of the meeting at Omaha In
ISGS be accepted with the roll of this commit
tee, except where subsequent State conven
tions have elected new members, excert that
cases of contests ehail to before a committee
composed of fire members, two to be selected
by the friends of Butler two by friends of
Parker, these four to select a fifth member,
and t»<»t. in Fettlinu these contests, no votes
are to be cast on these cases by either con
•-¦«> or contestants until all contests are
6-tlled.
This proposition represents fifty-seven votes
in this convention, which is a rood majority
of the members in attendance here and we
demand these propositions in the name of the
honert Populists of this nation who are op
posed to rascality in politics.
This was signed by Jo A. Parker of Ken
tucky. R. H. H. Wheeler of Ohio. Newt
<iresham of Texas, J. B. Osborne of Geor
gia. J. L. Knott of Maine, Robert Mc-
Keynolds of Arkansas and D. Clem De
ver of Nebraska, together with a number
of others not committeemen. The propo
sition was ignored by the full committee.
The committee on credentials reported,
excluding all but five of the anti-fusion
members, and in tne midst of an uproar
the middle-of-the-roadsters, led by Par
ker of Kentucky and Welles of lowa, left
the hail, engaged a room downtown and
organized a bolting meeting.
The main convention shortly before mid
night, without deciding on a date or place
for the national convention, adjourned un
til to-morrow morning at 9 o'clock.
The bolters secured a room at the Grand
Hotel, prepared an address and called a
rational convention for Cincinnati, Ohio,
en Wednesday, May 9.
ANTI-FUSION WING
ISSUES AN ADDRESS
LINCOLN, Neb., Feb. 13.— The middle
of-the-road members of the Populist na
tional committee, following their action
In bolting the meeting, held a secret ses
elon and late to-night issued an address
"To the Populists and Independent Voters
of the United States." In which they say:
It l« to be regretted that at a meeting of the
National Conrmltte* of the People's Party In
l<inco!n. Ne.br. February I*. owlns to the un
precedented and outrareous effort of a minority
of the committee to disfranchise the Populist
voter* of the nation by arbitrarily and without
cause or reason dropping from the rolls of this
committee nearly one third- of lt« members, has
compelled action on the part of the minority
which has resulted in a division of the commit
tee; and we ark that you suspend judgment of
the justice of our i>csltion until you are In
formed of the facts in detail Just as they exist.
These facts can be riven In a formal address to
the public, to be issued by this committee to
morrow. • • •
We malr.ta.in that this action demonstrated
beyond any doubt the Insincerity of the faction
In control of the party organization. Accord
ingly, members and holders of proxlea repre
senting fifty-seven members of ifiis committee
proceeded to permanently reorcanlce the com
mittee by eirnlng D. Clem IVaver of Nebraska
chairman and Joseph Parker of Texas secre
tary- H must net be forrotten that this com
mittee at all tlram irrwnted fifteen majority
of thr member? in attendance and represented
8t L.'.nT>!n, and the revolutionary acts of the
late officers of the party and their supporters
ere absolutely Inexcusable and foreign to every
tenet of Populism.
Accordingly the National Committee has or
fiered the Issuance of x call for a National
Convention of the party, to meet at Cincinnati,
0.. on th» second Wednesday in May. for the
jiurpose of nominating candidates for Presi
dent and Vice President of the United States,
which convention will be ordered In a formal
c«ll to be issued by this committee to-morrow,
toefther with an addrers to the people rivlns
the details of the K}:ame!e»s acts of those ene
mies of Populiy^ who for several years in the
re!"t have er.6ea.vor&l through fair means or
loul to deliver the voters of the People's party
•\jr to . lh * MUMr-lanii of the old partle*.
we Qierefort a«k you to suspend judgment
cn .n v. mJ i UPr whl ' h ba* I«<J up to this action
until the details of the revolutionary procedure
of Senator Ijiuier end his fellow conspirator*
may b* made public. In conclusion, we wish
to congratulate the true Popullsu of the nation
«V *l>Z -V hra! *»> *«i have been found men
I and who have aided those
£te£f?2n l ' art> -l n<l th « !n •!>«* of machin-
Lr^hYoh .»'"* 3I V I Wll ' 11Ot di * Unt » «be mIS-
i jS^ Made to order I
\* iftiV wJIJiil l! H'/ Our- prices are lower than prevailing prices flSliilft) ill ffliwß^ltf
mIWW because we bought the cloth for this sale before |ffli||H| ||J^?lfw^
I 111 11 'ill 111 making the clothes at a special price. This saving |f|||n| ! I fill iHf i
H filijl ji/yf li'il ilJlli If you live out of San Francisco send for self-measurement blank. We I RNi itj £^
Jh iSllll Ml Illif fill/ ' can make to your order one of these suits or orercoats for $13.50 that will fit H J'ul'r I la ¦!
II i'^l II i ill III! !'I and give entire satisfaction. Ask for our sample catalogue No. 2. \ ¦ \M\rj ll f^
¦ ""^^JilH Wiim 718 Market Street and Cop. Powell and Eddy. 1 li\J ! lpB M
SAUSALITO, Feb. 19.— A1l day long
the town of Sausalito has been
waiting In vain for news from the
search party that has been dragging
the lake where Joseph Tsheida, Jo
seph Fernandez and Sydney Sylvey. three
of the town's most popular boys, are
supposed to have met their deaths by
their boat capsizing last night.
The boys had organized a duck hunt
and selected a little lake near Point Bo
nlta as the scene of their operations.
Yesterday Charles Martin, who had been
sent by Tsheida's mother with a lunch to
the boys, whose continued absence had
aroused her fears, made the discovery
which filled the town with apprehension.
The sight which greeted his eyes was an
upturned boat tossing on. the center of the
little lake, while on the shore, almost at
his feet, the soft hat worn by Sylvey was
washed up. Martin, after endeavoring to
obtain some clew to the bo3 - s' where
abouts, left for town. On his arrival the
news of the boys' loss spread. A search
party, headed by J. and A. Susavilla, left
for the lake. Up to late this evening the
dragnets had brought to light no trace of
the missing boys. A curious feature of
the catastrophe is the fact that Tsheida
was born within a stone's throw of the
lake where he may have met his death.
All kinds of theories are afloat as to the
maner In which the craft occupied by the
boys capsized, the most plausible -one
seeming to be that one of them stood up in
the boat for some purpose and a sudden
lurch overbalancing him the others met
their death in an effort to save their
drowning comrade's life. Sylvey was
known to be tho only one of the party
who could swim.
L. Gioll, a farmer living near the scene,
tells of hearing a wild cry from the di
rection of the lake at about 4 o'clock on
the morning when the accident occurred.
John Ferguson, the stepfather of Syl
vey, was over to-day and offered the
searchers a reward for the recovery of his
stepson's body.
The loss of the three has plunged the
town in gloom, as all entertained a sin
cere feeling of good will for the boys
whose bodies may now be lying at the
bottom of the little lake on whose surface
they were to have spent their holiday.
LECTURES TO
FRUIT GROWERS
Opening of the Course
at Stanford.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb. 19.-
The special course of lectures to be given
by Stanford University to the fruit grow
ers of California commenced to-day.
Fully a hundred of the most prominent
horticulturists of the State are in attend
ance, many of them being accompanied
by their families, who will spend the
¦week visiting the university and attend
ing the lectures that have been specially
prepared for them.
The course will extend through five
days, closing on Friday next. Among the
lecturers are the leading members of the
faculty, besides men prominent in com
merce and agriculture and fruit growing.
The first lecture of the series wa* de
livered by President Jordan en "The Uni
versity and the Fruit Grower." In his
talk ho showed the many different -ways
in which the university can benefit the
farmers and horticulturists, not so much
by hints bearing upon the routine side of
their trade as by work which required ln
etruments and laboratories. The univer
sity does not intend to drill the fruit
growers or to inspire them or to teach
them to investigate, but it ought to be of
some practical help to them in a different
way. Continuing, he said:
We *re all of us engaged Jn the bloodless
battle of civilization. The enemy Is right upon
you and you have no time to consider. You
must fight your Insect pests as best you can
without stopping to investigate. But we of the
university have both the leisure and instru
ments of precision which enable us to find out
the difference between one insect and another.
So the university lias the advantage of time.
Instruments and method.
In come respects the vision of you practical
men in matters pertainlnK to your work Is
clearer than our«, but you are bound to lack
perspective. In the very nature of things you
mutt be at the mercy of quarks In various
lines simply became you have not time to In
vestigate. We have tested some of these diffi
culties and Invite you here that w« may ac
quaint you with our results and In a measure
lessen the Injury that you receive through wen
sources. tVe have tested the solid, of your
State, we hare studied how plants grow, we
have delved into the laws of heredity and the
reasons for like producing like that we might
e.%al>le the world to live and Improve. If: we
ha\e found out what it Is that hurts you and
can enable you to destroy your enemies and
pr^erve your fnends our meeting with you
will not be without oractlcal value.
Professor Frank A. Fetter of the de
partment of economics next spoke upon
"The Growth of Markets." saying In part:
Every improvement in the means of commu
nication and transportation tends to widen
markets. The group of men, buyers and sell«rn.
who are acquainted with each other in close
business relations fix the boundaries of a mar
ket Until every spot on earth knows exactly
what every other spot is doing we cannot have
the ideal market. Early In the neventeenth
century the leading nation? of the world began
the colonization of. foreign lands In order to
provide markets for their home products. When
the American colonies rebelled It wan because
they objected to being exploited 'or commercial
reasons.
There ! are three economic principles tp bear
in mind when studying the subject of markets:
First, that the values exchanged In foreign
trade are not all profits. Probably not over
10 per cent of the gum is profit, even to , the
producer, while the gain to the nation is not
nearly equal to the Individual gain. The best
trade for a nation is that which comes of Its
own accord, without the expense of. armies and
navies. ' Many nations pay more than a dollar
to do m dollar's worth of business.
Second, the largest customers come from the
most civilized nations. As a source of demand,
England's non-tropical colonies are worth
twenty times as much as her tropical depen
dencies, while as producers they are thirty-five
times as valuable.
Third, the elementary fundamental principle
of commerce, that exports must eventually pay
for Imports, should be thoroughly understood.
The Increase of our exports of merchandise and
manufacturers must be paid for by equal val
ues of lmpcrts. These naturally would be to a
large decree tropical products, but our refusal
to accept the Imports of Europe puts a greater
premium on tropical rroductf>.
If the troMcal countries like the Philippines
are to absorb laree amounts of our manufac
tures they must pay In what they can produce.
We cannot expect it to be In manufactures
or In raw food products. It will be In the trop
ical Droducts of a kind produced In the balmy
climate of California more than in any other
part of the United States. We shall find It
useless to attempt to force goods Into a coun
try without taking a return of goods. The
only way to avoid this principle is to send a
large standing army abroad, pay out millions
for Its support, then send goods abroad for It
to buy. with the money we have furnished.
In the regular commercial methods of widen
ing the home market lies tne nope of the Cali
fornia fruit industry. But In this new mad
ness for world markets that has been raised by
the victories of the navy there appears to be a
polite Invitation by the manufacturers for the
fruit men to Join in the fascinating sport of
hunting snipe with the hope of a reward that
has no existence.
Professor John H. Comstock of the
local faculty, who Is the most celebrated
entomologist of the country, was the last
of the speakers, taking as his subject "In
sect Life." He said In part:
Economic entomology has reached its highest
development in the United States, and Cali
fornia fruit trowers have made more extended
use of the applications of this science than has
been done by the agriculturists of any other
section. Economic , entomology, however. Is
merely the application of a science. And the
hortlcultlst who alms to apply the results of
this science intelligently needs something more
than thumb rules. To be able to meet the new
conditions that are constantly arising one must
know something of the fundamental principles
of the science to be applied. We, therefore,
have begun this series of entomological lectures
with a study of the structure and development
of Insects, and approach it from the stand
point of the university and by a use of Its
methods. ¦ .
He then took up the structure and de
velopment of Insects, after tho lecture
giving an exhibition of specimens illus
trating their structure and metamor
phosis. .-, ¦",''; .
SUDDEN DEATH OF
ACTOR EDWIN MAYO
Stricken Unexpectedly as Was His
Father While in Conversation
With a Friend.
QUEBEC. Feb. 19.— Edwin Mayo of the
"Pudd'n Head Wilson" company dropped
dead . In the Chateau Frontenac at 2
o'clock. ' Mr. Mayo was the son of the
late Frank Mayo, for whom the play
"Pudd'n Head Wilson" was written. Mr.
Mayo and his wife were stopping at the
Frontenac. Mayo was chatting with Ed
win Varney. manager of the Academy of
Music, until 2 o'clock. When Mr. Varney
started to take his leave Mr. Mayo arose
to see him out and suddenly fell back In
his chair. He bled profusely irom the
mouth and was dead before a doctor, who
was called, could get to the hotel.
It is a strange fact that the elder Mayo
who created the part in "Pudd'n Haad
Wilson" In which his son succeeded him
died In the same sudden manner several
years ago while traveling with his com
pany, lie had Just concluded a season
on the Pacific Coast. when death came to
him without warning, as he sat In the car
which was. taking him eastward. ;
Fruit-Growers Meet.
SUISUN, Feb. 19.— A large and enthusi
astic meeting of fruit growers was held
here to-day. The meeting was addressed
by Judge Alken of Santa Cruz, who ex
plained the objects of the California
Cured Fruit Association. A local branch
of the organization was formed by elect
ing W. G. Davison president, C. E. Rob
erts vice president and F. L. Gordon Bec
retary, and treasurer.
Lieutenancies for California.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 19.— The following
persons have been appointed 'second lieu
tenants in the Marine Corps: Tandell
Foote. California: C. T. westcott- Jr
Maryland: Sidney W. Brewster, Michigan •
Paul-E. Chamberlain, Virginia; Douglas
C. , McDougal California; Albert N
Brunzell, Idaho; Presley M. Rlxey, Vir
ginia; • Edward Backstronv Mississippi.
BOLDLY STOLE
A LOCOMOTIVE
Santa Rosan -Wanted
Free Transportation. '
-
SANTA ROSA, Feb. 19.— There is a man
who deliberately stole and ran away with
a locomotive, was caught and is sorry.
Shortly after 1 o'clock this afternoon Wil
liam Thompson, a young man who for
merly resided here, climbed into the
empty cab of one of the California North
western Railway Company's engines
standing on a track at Sebastopol, pulled
open the throttle and took a straight
snoot for this city, where he arrived at
half-past 1. breaking: all records and
startling yardmen by his sudden and un
expected appearance after dashing
through the yard.
Thompson stopped the engine at the out
skirts of the city and tried to make him
self scarce. He had been recognized,
however, by yardmen and was arrested
shortly afterward and lodged in jail
When asked what he meant by his action
ho replied that he was in Sebastopol and
wanted to come to Santa Rosa and did
not know of any easier or quicker way
than the one he adopted to get here.
Thompson was formerly a fireman for tho
Southern Pacific Company.
SANTA ROSA. Feb. 19.— Later in the
day . Thompson was placed in a padded
cell as a precautionary measure. He
claims that the engine belonged to him,
having purchased it from President A. W.
Foster several years ago. It is thought
the prisoner Is suffering from a fit of In
sanity brought on by excessive use of
morphine. / •
3
Lake Being Dragged for the Bodies of Joseph
Tsheida, Joseph Fernandez and Sydney
' Sylvey at Sausalito.
. Special Dispatch to The CalLAMATEUR BASEBALL
SCHEDULE REARRANGED
Owing to the withdrawal of the - Mount
PearsVsoap is
dried a whole,
yean That's
why it lasts so/
JOHN A. HAMMERSMITH, ---/,-.
LEADER, OLYMPIC CLUB
them all. He augurs even greater suc
cess for to-morrow night's entertainment,
basing his Judgment on the excellence of
the numbers to be presented.
The programme will open with an ex
hibition drill by the military department
of the Columbia Park Boys r Club. Two
companies, comprising twenty boys, each
not over twelve years of age, will drill. In
battalion movements. The boys will also
give a competitive drill. The maneuvers
of the youngsters are highly interesting
and the military precision with which
they, execute difficult movements will
surely arouse wonder and applause.
A "home-trainer" bicycle race will be
the next event and will create great ex
citement. The leading amateur cyclists
of the coast, members of the club, will
participate. George P.* Fuller will be
pitted against E. F. Rtiss, Ed O. Krag
ness and H. D. Bean will compete, and H.
Anthony and M. Davis will try to out
speed each other. Great speed can be at
tained on these machines and large dials
will inform the spectators the distance
traveled 'by each contestant. The riders
will be started on their journey by pistol
fire and official timers will hold watches
on each event. Indoor records will prob
ably be broken, as the men have trained
for the races.
Charles Stanley will give a slack-wire
performance in Irish costume. He Is an
artist In his line and will give a funny
performance. Harry Irwin, a clever ama
teur pole-vaulter, will try to break the
record In that event. Miss Beatrice Car
ma's sweet soprano voice will be heard
in popular melodies; Slgnor Abramoff
will favor with a. few operatic selections
and William No rden will render a tenor
solo.'
One of the startling events on the pro
gramme will be an exhibition of a new
mode of self-defense by J J. O'Briene and
K. Inoue. Both men have just come from
Japan, where the art of placing an oppo
nent hors.de combat by sudden holds Is
practiced. O'Briene was connected i with
the Police Department at Nagasaki and
Inoue, a magnificently built Japanese, Is
an expert at the game. The exhibition is
said to be more exciting than wrestling.
Chief Sullivan and commissioners of the
Police Department have been invited to
see the men work and it is not at' all Im
probable that O'Briene will be employed
to instruct the, local department on the
fine points of the game. The London po
lice nave been instructed in the art and
are now able to handle violent prisoners
with ease.
Medals won by victors' in the swim
ming and w.restllng tournaments will, be
distributed. Singer and Hanlon will per
form on the Roman rings; Junior ; mem
bers will box <and the programme will
close with •a 1a 1 tug of war between teams
from the Lowell and Polytechnic High
Schools. An orchestra will discourse music
during the evening. * .
NEW SMELTING WORKS
SOON TO BE BUILT
Another big smelting plant will soon be
constructed at Bull Point, a small prom
ontory situated a few miles above Mar
tinez. An agent of Frank Gardner, for
merly of this city, but now. of London and
Paris, has acquired title to the land, and
is now In consultation with some contrac
tors, who have submitted plans for the
gigantic plant. The building of the plant,
which will include a modern refinery for
the handling of all base ores, will, it Is
said, cost over a million and a half of dol
lars. . ,
The funds. It Is understood," will be fur
nished mostly by French capitalists. Bull
Point has been selected as the most suit
able site for the smelting works because-
It can be reached by deep water vessels
and has close communication with the
Southern Pacific Company's northern line.
Fifth race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward;, sellings.
881 Uterp IM. 742 Schiller 1«
(SlUCapUra 112.785 San Augustine ..19f
803 Durward 109 755 Los Prletos 109
795 Miss Soak 107 792 P F >1M
«=; Fashion P1ate.. .1071 724 Nora Ives 104
678 E" Quixote :::iO9! 785 Melv. Burnham.,lo9
801 Miss Reel 104 785 Tallac 104
785 Torslna ...:..... .1071 ... Aunt Bird 107
807 Muscalado 109:
Sixth race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds;
P762P 762 6 Mont Eagle 109| ]50 Bunello W
754 Jolly Briton ....109j 802 Tomale 109
613 Wftllensteln ..-..1091 SOS Aborigine 109
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Lily Simpson, Artena, Forbes.
Second race— Geyser, Zoroaster. Tlmemaker.
Third race— Chimura. Tom Calvert, Rio
Chlco.
Fourth race— Boundlee, Mary Klnsella,
Genua.
Fifth race— Fashion Plate, Torslna, Don
Quixote.
Sixth race— Wallen(>teln, Sunello, Mont Eagle.
VALUE:
that weight. Jackson is. at his best
at 145 pounds, but to secure matches
has often conceded weight. He is will-
Ing in this . instance to allow Purtell
to battle at 152 pounds. If a match is
not arranged Bishop will take his man
to Stockton or San Jose and pit him
against any two men on the same
evening. Billy Lavlgne has promised
Jackson a match if he comes to Cleve
land. -
"Tim" McGrath, the -trainer of
Eharkey and McConnell, stated yester
day that he would send for Dave Sul
livan and match • him against
"Crockey" Boyle or some good local
man. He will also try and induce the
sailor to come out here and fight Fitz
slmmons. He also said that McCon
nell has gained in weight since re
turning from the East and is now big
and strong, and will be able to get
down to weight without weakening
himself. •
was with Eddie Anderson, whom he
defeated In fifteen rounds. Follow
ing that he fought a four-round draw
with Harry Jones. In IS9B he fought
the following men: . M
Jack Hennessjr, knockout, 1 round; Jack
McMahon, knockout. 3 rounds; Marty Mc-
Cue, lost decision. 8 rounds;- "Yank" Sav
age, draw, 8 rounds; Charles Tye, draw,
4 rounds; "Kid" Chambers (weight 121—
135), draw. ' 10 rounds; 1899, loat decjslon to
Bob Thompson . (weight 120—145 pounds), 13
rounds; "Portland Kid," knockout, 2
rounds; Aurella Herrers, lost decision. 15
rounds; "Dummy" Rowan, : knockout,' j 5
rounds; George Baker, lost ' decision. 20
rounds; "Chick" KJnnerty, knockout, 6
rounds.
Lightweights William Condon and:
Will Perry will fight • eight rounds at
catch weights and Jack Dennis and
William Martin will box ten rounds at
133 pounds. Referee McGlnley will of
ficiate as usual. ¦•
Al Neill and Frank McConnell yes
terday signed articles to fight before
the Columbia Athletic Club" on -March
23. The men will fight at 153^4 pounds
and will weigh in at 3 o'clock on the
afternoon of the fight. Both men spent
the past three days quibbling over
one pound and a match was only con
summated by the men compromising
on a half pound.
It Is now almost certain that
" "Crookey" Boyle and Frank Rafael
will ebe matched to fight ' twenty
rounds as a preliminary to the battle
between Jack Stelzner and Joe Butler,
which is scheduled for the 9th of
March. The fights will probably bo
held in the new rooms of the Columbia
Athletic Club at Eighth and Market
streets.
"Jimmy" Britt, a clever amateur
lightweight boxer, will represent the
Olympic Club In the coming tourna
ment. Britt has always refrained from
entering the ring, but at the solicita
tion of his fellow members he con
sented, to enter the lists' and uphold
his club against the. East. He is a
wonderfully clever boxer and hits like
a middleweight. "Tim" McGrath,
"Jack" Stelzner and Frand McConnell
will train him for the tournament.
.V'Blddy". V'BIddy" Bishop .is endeavoring to
match "Young Peter" Jackson against
"Paddy" Purtell, but weight condi
tions have so far interfered. Purteil
wants to fight at 154, but Bishop, like
a wise manager, refuses to let his col
ored protege meet -the white man at
JEFFORDS
EASY FOR
SHARKEY
Knocked Out in the Second
' Round and Referee Says
"Fake/
DETROIT. Feb. IP.— Tom Sharkey to
fcigfct knocked out Jim Jeffords, the Cali
fornia aspirant for heavyweight honors.
In the second round of what was to have
been a ten-round bout. 'The' men ' had
fought two minutes ajid six seconds In the
second round when the knockout was de
livered. 1 hey were • breaking from i a
clinch. Sharkey whipped his right over
to ihe Californlan's head and Jeffords
want down. Referee Hogan counted him
out. and it was several minutes before
be recovered sufficiently to talk. Then
he claimed a foul, saying Sharkey hit him
in liie breakaway, although they had
agreed to break clean. The referee, how
over, refuted to entertain his "kick" and
awarded the fight to Sharkey.
There was no preliminary llddling in the
first round. The men met in the cen
ter of The rirc and mixed It from
the start. As they came to a clinch,
both clipped and fell to the floor. Sharkey
kept rushing Jt-ffords. and Just before the
end of the round sent him to the floor.
Jeffords was tired and stayed on his
kn^es for several secor.dß.
When they came up for the second
round the Californian seemed in good
Fh&pe. Sharkey went right after him
from the start. He cut Jeffords' left eye
open and then kept it bleeding with right
iiand punches. The men were in Jeffords'
corner when th«? knockout occurred.
Sharkey broke from a clinch and pent his
right over on the tall man's head. 'Jet
fords lurched forward, went to his Knees
and then turned over on his breast. He
was completely out, but Referee Hogan
knelt down and shouted the seconds into
th« prostrate man's ear.
At the count of ten Hoeran declared
Eharkey the winner, amid cries of
"Foul" from the spectators, who thought
the sailor had hit Jeffords in the clinch.
This was not true, ac the men had both
arms free when the blow was delivered.
About SjOO persons witnessed the bout,
which was pulled off in the Light Guard
Armory under the auspices of the Cadil
lac Athletic Club. After the men had
p<vr.e to their dressing rooms Referee Ho
iraji expressed th<? opinion that Jeffords
"laid down." Some of the sporting men
at the rinpsidp shared this opinion.
GOOD STAKE
TO BE RUN
THURSDAY
Sixty-Four Dogs to Compete
: for Good Prizes at Union
Coursing Park;
"An open stake of high order is to be run
off at Union Park on Thursday (Wash
ington's - birthday). Sixty-four dogs wlli
compete for* prizes far above the aver
age for midweek performers. , The • lead
ing dogs are being held In reserve for the
John Grace and the Belle Brandon races,
which are to be run next Sunday, but the
dogs entered last night are considered to
be of merit.
Sportsmen will watch with interest the
work of Soft Goods, the . new Australian
dog which was entered from the kennel of
R. E. de B. Lopez. The dog won a high
reputation In the Antipodes and experts
think that his, owner .has a valuable
hound. The draw for the big stake to be
run off on Saturday and Sunday Is to be
held In Pythian Castle on Thursday night.
The winners in the first round of Thurs
day should be: Risky Attempt, Sky Blue,
Magneto. Expense, Wanda, Little Sister.
Controller, Wlldwood, Rest Assured,
Green Valley Maid, Commodore, Hum
mer, Silvia, Royal Oak, Blacklock. Bill
Foster. Master Mat, Terronite. Pat Retl
ly, Papita, McKinley, Agamemnon, Re-
Annex, Black Bess, Miss Skyrocket,
Athena. Silent Treasure. Lady Davenport.
Maud S.. Wonder. Warrior, Motto.
Following Is the result of last night's
drawing: . •
D. Winder's Rl«ky Attempt va. J. M. Halton
(names) Corlnne's Flashlight; Jeff Martenet'*
Bernal Boy vs. P. McCabe's Sky Blu«: M. Lon
don's Magneto va. J. Mahoney'a Chief of the
Hill; P. Reilly's Expense vs. J. L. Rosa" Just
Tip; R. E. de B. Lopes' s Wanda vs. W. F.
Hobbs" Mercy May; F. A. McComb's Little
Sister vs. Dr. Leonard's Mayflower; E. Bau
melster's Winning Ways vs.J. "H. Perlgo's
Controller; R. Strahl's Three Cheers vs. J.
Murnane's Wild wood; J. Sullivan's Maid of
the Hill vs. Pasha Kennels' Rest Assured; R.
E. de B. Lopez's Oreen Valley Maid vs. E. R.
Scott's Lord Byron: Curtis & Son's Commodore
vs. D. Hooper's Morse's Patrol: R. E. de B.
Lopez's Soft Goods vs. E. M. Kelloggr**" Hum
mer: Pasha Kennels' Sylvia vs. J. M. Halton
(names) Tic Tac; Pasha Kennels' Mam Hem.
stead vs. J. Keenan's Royal Oak; J. Kennedy.*
Wine West vs. J. Keenan's Blacklock; T. Ken
nedy's Night Time vs. Jeff Martenet's Bill
Foster; Gus Abercrombie's Miss Rabbit vs. P,
Reilly's Master Mat; Curtis & Son's Terronlta
vs. F. A. McComb (names) Walt A Bit; P.
Reilly's Richmond Queen vs. M. J. CNell's Pat
Reilly; G. Winder's Random Aim vs. R. E, de
B. Lopez's Paplnta: Joe Watklns* Merciful vs.
Curtis' A Son's McKinley: Aenld Kennels' Aga
memnon vs. P. Murphy's Morning Star; Pasha
Kennel's Re-Annex vs. Maher Sc Reid's Nellie
Bawn; F. A. McComb (names) Honaflde va.
J, Dick son's Black Bess; Dr. Leonard's Mas
ter Lawrence va. F. A. McComb' s • Miss Sky
rocket: A. J. Kemp's Remember Me vs. Aeneid
Kennels' Athena; J. Mooney's Silent Treas
ure vs. J. Kennedy's Ever Sure; J. H. Perlgo's
Lady Davenport vs. E. Geary's Bonnie Pasha:
Jeff Martinet's Slim vs. Curtis & Son's Maud
S; R. E. de B. Lopez's Wonder vs. Maher &
Reid's Singleton; E. Baumelster's Warrior vs.
P. A. McComb (names) Sweet Favordale; F.
A. McComb's Motto vs. J. A. ODowd's Shoot
Over.
¦ Ti . lw? "~^. l ,! > :1 «^: 7:16. :«U: 5H f. 1:09. Fair start.- Won i-idden out. Second and third driv
ing Winner. DV. H. E. Rowell's b. g. by Morello-Deceptlon. Sybaris a good horse in
muddy going. Sister Alice etopped. Scratched-Maazanllla 10«, Mafada 111.
Volunteer Native Sons.
There will be a meeting to-morrow
night In Native Sons' Hall of the .pro
moters of the Native Sons' parlor to be
composed of those California boys who
Sf-rv«?rt with the California Volunteers In
the Philippines. It is the desire of the
committee that all eligibles attend the
meeting. ' -
Wright Wins His Suit.
The jury In the case of'W. H. Wright
vs. Herman Bendel, the Santa Clara fruit
packer, returned a verdict In Judge
Hunt's court In favor of the plaintiff for
$13,403 52 and legal Interest "from Decem
ber 31. 1897.
Time— M. :24%: Vt, ;49%; X, 1:16*4- Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Win
ner W. B. Jennings & Co.'b b. c. by Imp. St. Andrew-Hot Springs. ! Winner away to a
running start. MounU-bank ran an Improved race. Uppercrust can beat cheap ones.
Artilla could not walk in the going. Scratched— Nance O'N'ell 102, Racetto I<M.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyright, 1900, by H. H. Egbert.)
TANFOBAN PARK, Monday, Feb. :: — Weathercloudy^Track^
f»OK. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; three- year-olds; purse, two. .
Piggott Goes Over the Bay.
John Piggott, the, notorious pickpocket,
is now on his way to San Quentin Prison
to- serve a sentence imposed upon him by
Judge Cook for the crime of grand lar
ceny, of which he was convicted a few
months ago. After his conviction Plgf
gott pet up the plea that he was insanei
and hence could not be punished for the
commission, and produced a commitment
to an asylum In proof of his contention.
Investigation, however, developed the
fact that he had been declared sane and
discharged from the asylum, and his at
temp*. to escape proved futile. The court
ordered yesterday that the sentence be
executed, and Piggott was started on his
way to San Quentin. »
PUMP-GUN ORDINANCE
IN FEDERAL COURTS
Marshall Belies Upon the Fourteenth
- Amendment to Abolish the
"Obnoxious Law.
The question whether a man may law
fully; use a repeating shotgun oh. his. own
land in Marin County and when game is
in season will come before the United
States Circuit Court in this city next
Saturday morning on a writ of habeas
corpus Issued by Judge Ross yesterday
on behalf of W. A. Marshall, who Is al
leged to be unlawfully restrained of his
liberty by Sheriff W. P. Taylor at San
Rafael.
Marshall was arrested by a constable
near Tomales on January 12 of this year
on a charge of violating a county ordi
nance prohibiting the use of repeating
shotguns in the killing of game. Tht
complaint against Marshall recited that
he had killed with the prohibited weapon
one little quail and one little bluejay— the
bluejay being the deadly enemy of the
quail. He was convicted by a Justice of
the Peace and sentenced to pay a line of
$20, with the alternative of imprisonment
In the County Jail. The case was taken
to the Superior Court, and Judge Angel
lottl decided the ordinance constitutional.
'Marshall alleges in his petition for "the
writ that he has a right to kill game in
season on his own land with his own
weapon, and that the county ordinance
prohibiting the use of the "pump gun" in
terferes with the rights of a citizen of the
United States and is a violation of the
fourteenth amendment of the American
Constitution. ,-- ;^ : • •. , ...
Tamalpais Military Academy team, the
baseball committee of the San Francisco
sub-leiigue on Saturday last rearranged
Its schedule of games. It is understood
that the military academy withdrew Us
nine in order that It may play in the
Western sub-league. The winners of the
best two out of three games qualify for
the semi-finals of the Academic Athletic
League. Following is the schedule:
March 3— Polytechnic High School vs. Cali
fornia School of Mechanical Arts; Lowell High
School vs. San Rafael High School.
March 10— Polytechnic High School vs. Low
ell High School; California School of Mechan
ical Arts vs. San Rafael High School.
March 17— California School of Mechanical
Arts vs. Lowell High School; Polytechnic High
School vs. San Rafael High School. »
WILL SAVE ELECTRIC TOWER.
San Jose City Council Decides to Pur-
chase the Ornament.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Feb. 19.— The city of San
Jose will purchase the electric light tower
which for the last twenty years haa been
ah attraction of the city. At present it
is owned by the Light and Power Com
pany, but the threatt of that company
to tear it down has caused the city to con
sider the question of purchasing. The
tower was erected by public subscription,
and the Light and Power Company ob
tained possession of it on an execution
sale. It is 200 feet high, built of Iron
pipes and Is located at the corner of Santa
Clara and Market streets.. The tower
originally cost $7000, and when the propo
sition was made to the city to buy it the
company stated that the iron pipe In It
alone was worth $1200. • •¦ • ;- ' .
The first step looking toward the pur
chase was taken at the meeting of the
City Council to-day, when City Clerk Cook
was Instructed to advertise for bld» for
an electric tower 200 feet high and In all
respects similar to the one now. standing.
This mode of procedure was necessary, as
the charter provides that all purchases of
over $100 must be made through bids
Unknown Man Killed.
Special Dinpatch to The Call
SAN JOSE, Feb. 19.— A man supposed
to be George Anderson was run over and
killed some time .last night near Lawrence
Station, ten miles west of here*. Th« re
mains were strewn along the track for a
distance of fifty feet, and are so mangled
there is no chance of identification. It Is
supposed the man was walking along the
track when he was struck by a train. A
bundle was "found near by and In it was
a small Bible with the following words
written on the fly-page: "George Ander
son, saved in the Zlon Mission. Fountain
alley, San Jose, March 2, 1899." Appar
ently he was a man between 40 and. so
years of 'age.
Heavy Shipments of Cotton.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN DIEGO. Feb. 19.— Although the
steamer Lady Jolcey took out of San
Diego nearly 4000 bales of cotton the great
piles on the cotton platforms on Arctic
street do not seem diminished in the least.
There are In San Dlegpo awaiting ship
ment 5C20 bajes of cotton, each weighing
between 500 and 600 pounds, and the bills
have been received announcing the ship
ment of 2000 more bales, which are now
on the way from Texas. There will be
plenty of freight here for the Strathgyle
and the Carlisle City when they arrive.
The ftrst named is due here about the 28th
or 27th. - :
Expense Money Refunded.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Feb. 19.— Supervisors P. P.
Austin and G. E. Rea have paid Into the
County Treasurer's office sums of money
they had drawn from the county for ex
penses of their trips to the. meetings of
the State Board of Highways and the
State Board of Equalization. This was
done in conformity to an order from Dis
trict Attorney Campbell, who decided
these expenses were not a legitimate
charge against the county. Austin refund
ed $105 80 and Rea $82 60. Supervisors
Stern and Roll repaid the money they
drew from the county on such trips some
time ago.. •
Mrs. Wickersham's Will Filed.
SANTA ROSA, Feb. 19.— The will of th«
late Mrs. Wickersham of Petaluma,
widow 6f the pioneer banker, was filed
In the Probate Court to-day. The estate
Is valued .at about $100,000, which, after
OLYMPICS TO
ENTERTAIN
FAIR ONES
Splendid Programme Arranged
for the Ladies To-Mor
row Night
John A. Hammersmith, leader of the
Olympic Club, has arranged another of
hia delightful entertainments for to
morrow night in honor of the fair ones.
As usual he has exerted his best efforts
to securing attractions both novel and
startling, and the programme presented
will 'be highly entertaining. "Ladies'
night" has always been a popular Innova
tion at the club and It is "due to Mr.
Hammersmith that It has been reinau
gurated. During his term as "leader" a
series of entertainments have been held
under his direction, and success crowned
CHAMPIONSHIP BOXING
AND WRESTLING BOUTS
If«arly All of the Winners at New
York Will Come to San
Francisco.
NEW YORK. Feb. 19.— The final bouts
In the boxing and wrestling champion
ships of tho Amateur Athletic Union of
the United States were decided to-night
at the Broadway Athletic Club Lefoie a
crowded house. J. L. Scholes of Toronto.
Canada, won the 125-pound boxing event
from E. S. Boylston in good style. Joseph
3. Knipe defeated his club mate, Robert
Owens, of the Pastime Athletic Club and
secured the heavy-weight championship.
The 145-i>ound class went to J. J. Dukelow
of Rochester, who defeated Robert Sum
mers of the Pastime Athletic Club by
knocking him out In the second round
with a right swing on the jaw.
William Cullen of this city won the 105
pound boxing championship, defeating
Henry Kenny. William Rodenbach won
the LV»-pound boxing championship from
Jack Williams. John O. Hopkins, in the
125-pound class, defeated J. F. Mumford.
-Mar Wiley of Rochester won the 143 and
Impound wrestling championships, de- ;
feating In the respective classes J. L. J
Ourey and A. Melllnger. Wiley had al- j
ready won the 135-pound WTfFtll'ng cham
pionship. In the 115-pound class wrestling
Joseph Rpnsland of this city defeated I.
K. Nifiot for the 125-pound wrestling i
championship.
The invitation of the Olympic Club of !
San Francisco, offering all the winners of \
the different classes In boxing and wrtM- I
ling transportation and all expenses tD \
San Francisco and return to compete in I
the Olympic Club tournament In San
Francisco on March 8 to 12. has proved an
ine«nti\-e to the competitors, and nearly
all the champions have accepted the Invi
tation. . . . - ¦
Era Bice Wins the Handicap.
NEW ORLEANS. Feb. 19.— Eva Rice,
ridden out to the last ounce to win the
handicap, was the only successful favorite
to-r?ay Results:
fVlJlnjr. rrlle and one-elirhtb— Jullui Caesar
won. Swordsman second. King Klkwood third.
Time. 1:57.
filx furlonp»— Aratoma won. Sir Bias* second.
Sir Christopher third. Tlm«. 1:1.%H-
Selling, mile and one-^ig-hth— Astor won. Pat
Gftrrcu second. Lucky Monday third. Time,
l:"4
Mile and a nixt^enth. handicap— Eva Rice
w^n. Sidney Lucas second. Strangest third.
T.me, l:.V>li. ;
R<"l!in{r, seven furlonps — Deponan won Right
Bower se<or.d. Tickful third. Time, 1:30.
Sellfcut: rtx- furlongs — B«.nricjL won, Domozetta
second, 'Hauterne third. Time. "1:17.
Seniors Win.
6p<w-laJ DiFpatrh to Tbe CaJl.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Feb. 19.—
The int^r-class baseball championship
wax won to-day by the seniors, when
they d<=f«?atr<l the freshmen by a score of
IS to 10. The game was hotly contested
from start to finish, both classes being
out in force. Error* on the' part of the
freshmen early in the game lost them
the championship.
Koenigs Defeated.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CLARA. Feb. 19.— The Ko?n!gs
of San Francisco were no match for the
Santa Clara College team this afternoon,
th* latter team winning with ease by a
score of 18 to 12. The game was urtlnter
estlng and loosely played by. both sides,
the only redeeming feature Xbeing the
fWlding of Collins for the visitors.:
May Fight in Salinas.
SALINAS./Feb. IS.— ln all ' probability
the fight 'between the., heavy-weights,
Charles Selna of Watsonville and James
Clark of San Francisco, which le sched
uled to occur In Wat»onvtlle on the 24th,
will have to b*» pulled off in this city. The
Supervisors of Santa Cruz Countyhave
fixed the license at JK»X>. while in this
county the fee Is .only $100 a year.
Baker and Barry Matched.
SALINAS. Feb. 13.— Charjes Baker of
Esji Francisco; who defeated Matt
Semlchy of San Jose In this city last
month, has been matched to fight "Kid"
Barry of San Francisco on March 7 be
fore the Monterey County Athletic Club
Ryan and Nolan Draw.
DENVER. Feb. 19.— T0-night before the
Olympic Athletic Club Tommy Ryan of
Philadelphia and Walter Nolan of Chi
cago, weltpr-welghts, fought a ten-round
draw. With the exception of the la»t
round Ryan did all the leading. Noliii
keeping away.
Elms Defeated at London.
LONDON. Feb. 13,— At the National
Sporting Club this evening Ted Phillips of
Birmingham defeated Joe Elms of New
York in the sixth round of a fifteen-round
contest for £100.
VIIUAM PKpVftS^f
THE Columbia Athletic Club ha»
arranged a card for to-morrow
night which will surely tax Its
large clubrooms at 28 Golden Gate
avenue. "Willie" Cole, the clever
featherweight, is scheduled to box
twenty rounds with "Billy" D« Cour
eey of Los Angeles, and two other
bouts between amateurs of lesser note
are arranged for the same evening. ¦
Cole has trained hard for the bout
at Blanken's Six Mile House and Is
anxious to prove to the public that he
can make a better showing than he
did when he fought Clarence Rltchey.
At that time he was unfit to enter the
ring, but did so, so as not to disap
point the management. When he steps
beneath the ropes on Wednesday night
he will be in fine fettle, and will put
up a slashing battle. He has no easy
"mark" in De Coursey, Judging by the
latter's record. De Coursey began
fighting in 1897. His first ring fight
HARD KNOT
BECOMES A
CRACKAJACK
Finishes Ahead of Potente,
Daisy F and Scotch Plaid.
Tanforan Results.
Jun a little rain on the track, hardly
enough to Boil a pair of patent leathers,
Played some queer pranks with the
"dope," as the form book is affectionately
termed, down at Tanforan yesterday.
How and why Hard Knot won the mile
galloping, with Potente, th«< favorite, an
indecent third, and Daisy F., second
choice, a bad fourth, the good book falls
to give up. After hie recent clever vic
tory over Zoroaster, which latter horse
on Saturday ran Gtoyser to a head,
Potente looked a cherry ripe 4 to 5 chance.
The books were pleased to lay 6 to 5 about
him at post time, and peddled out a large
collection of Daisy P. tickets at 3 to 1.
When Harry Thoburn, a horse with no
liking for a mile, had tired In the stretch
I after cutting out the pace, Vittltoe let out
a wrap, and Hard Knot fairly bounced in
first, over a length in front of the out
sider in 1:42 V». The favorite, never better
than third, was four lenghts further be
hind, followed by Daisy F., six lengths
away, then ' Scotch Plaid. Topmast and
the quarter pole. The winner was well
played by a certain few at odds of 7 to L
un Saturday last this same horse was
backed for a "killing," on which occasion
Mooorito. a 1 to 3 favorite, obligingly ran
a miserable race. Such a thing as Hard
Knot beating Potente Is possible, but can
his disgraceful' defeat by Harry Thoburn
be accounted for? The judges are.alto
gether too lenient, and If a reform Is not
inaugurated the public, already In an un
certain condition, will cease to patronize
the track.
Three favorite* were slaughtered, while
three others took purses. The attendance
was light.
Walter Jennings sent Vesuvlan to the
post for the first time, In the opening six
furlong dash, and the colt had an easy
time dr It. A 4 to 5 favorite. Spencer got
him away flying, and he won galloping
from Mountebank and Bandera.
Corrigan's two-year-old, M. F. Tarpey,
fell heir to another purse in the next num
ber. Mustered in with a bunch of bad
ones, he ruled a 1 to 6 choice, winning at
leisure from Scotch Belle. Girly Ducat
lost the show to On Time.
Nearly all the "wise" money went In on
Captive to win the fourth event. Loading
almost from the Jump, the old fellow lea
Espirando over the mark three lengths.
Phelan rode Mortgage, the favorite, so
well that he finished third.
T. Walsh, the pilot of Potente, also had
the leg up on Wyoming, favorite for the
mile selling run. Notwithstanding the
stanch support accorded the horse, his
odds went from 2 to 3 to 1, and Walsh got
left at the post. In a driving finish, Es
pionage, with "Joe" Martin up, downed
Perseus a scant head.
Sybaris took the last race In clever
fashion. Dr. Rowell's sprinter closed a
6 to a favorite, and was first at the wire,
more than a length before Montallade.
Track Notes.
Sixteen superbly bred thoroughbreds,
the property of Marcus Daly, and now in
training under the supervision of Dan
Dennlson. will be sold at Occidental
Horse Exchange this evening.
Fifteen books cut In yesterday. Among
the number was Joe Rose, but recently
warned off Oakland track for alleged
complicity in the peculiar running of the
horse Red Pirate. It is said that no
sooner was the ruling rendered than Mr.
Rose wa%_notified by the Tariforan Asso
ciation that he was welcome to book on
its track.
Jockey Willie Martin was a good win
ner by the victory of Hard Knot, cash-
Ing tickets calling for about $1100. He
also backed the horse on Saturday last.
It was thought Ed. Lanigan bought a
gold brick when he got Hard Knot, but
under Denny Lynch's clever handling he
will probably come out winner over the
deal.
To-Day's Entries.
First race— Four furlongs; maiden two-year
olds; puree.
779 Forbes 113 779 Lily Simpson 115
... Countess Clara.. lls 645 Briton 115
... Artena. b. f.. by SO9 On Time. 115
Artillery— Ut- 779 Follow Me 11»
tie Caelno (E. 776 Intrada :.11S
Corrlgan) 115 791 Floranthe ..115
Second race — Sexen furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward; purse.
SO5 3V>roaater 107 (799)Tlmemaker 115
768 Flamora 95 -(£os)Geyser 118
796 Dr. Marks 112
Third race— One end one-half miles; three
year-olds and upward; selling.
803 Rio Chico 1031 533 Anchored ..'......101
<So4)Tom Calvert 105 813 Meadowthorpe .111
793 Cblmura 1031
Fourth race — Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
uiiward; Belling-.
T5B Mair K1n5e11a...104' 774 Genua 104
774 Jingle Jing1e.. ..104 798 Jael 105
744 Allenna 94 813 Yaruba 104
(?02)Boundlee 103 (Sol)Mi«dwena 104
773 Tlsona Wi 78! Gold Bug 107
C LE VE R BOXERS WILL DO BATTLE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, i FEBRUARY 20, 1900.
several minor bequesrts. goes to her chil
dren. Fred A. Wickersham. Miss IJzzlo
Wlckersham ,and> Mrs. May Berpevln. To
her son,. Frank Wickersham of, Fresno,
deceased leaves- $s*), he havinjr heretofore,
the will states, been pahJ his share In full.
Frank . was cut off by his father with $5
and filed* a contest In the courts, but tho
case was compromised. :
llvi la
I RUSSIAN |
iciGARETTESi
Vjp . , . ¦ . o•• ¦ . ; . ''. Aft
1 With Mouthpiece I
1O berrts Ibr 16 2
Monopol Tobacco Works %
¦MAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaVAAJIAAA
AD.VEBTISEaiENTS.
• vicpa
VITALITY .
POWER
COURAGE
STRENGTH
AND HEALTH
FOR DEBILITATED MEN
ALL CONTAGIOUS AILMENTS CURED
DOCTOR
. MEYERS & CO.
731
MARKET ST.
NO
PAY
TILL
CURED.
-rmmmm E yery
JShfei&A ''""• Suit
• I "* ifiSs if jr ""." DI?r\TTJ^ C* T\
I iJhEI I • $2*602 * 60 to $5
LJ. «¦"¦"; !l Jli?. 1* M °' former
Vl ' w Ton n:a.y, for
IB <N\/ —• a limited time,
ll Vl * (ret a fir »t-class
tf li.i?rr/£., made - to -order
*^ . itTr-.v ¦£¦• •y\ " suit or overcoat
yTfcp.-'-v /)fi~" •> at a ver y low
r^ffifflMiMitsP st;Trs tTom r ~ i
OVERCOATS*
W «"* op from f 15.0© :
1118-1113 Market St. ' ". ' ' ' ' J^'^l \
Ml-JO3 Montgomery St. Made . *?„£*:
SAN FRANCISCSO. SnViaSKSS:
Samples sent frea. to fit.
" The wheel world knows that \\
Cleveland Bicycles aro ths best" r
1900 MODEL
CLEVELANDS
HIGHEST GRADE I
$40 anrsso
LEAVITT & BILL, |
809 LARKIN ST. fj
20 San Pablo At*., Oakland. tj
Open Evenings. g
Old Wheels Taken In Exchange, j
tO+O+O+O+O+O+O^O+O^O^O+O+O*
IViCHY IS HEALTHFUL! |
I CJV A Natural Misaral Water ?
3 K§\ RlBdlclnal <rnailtlB*, q
5 /Hi, rr ° r k^sttoa and o
J Apfa Stomach Disorders. ©
** $Mm Sc ™ ned VICHY^
I jjtfffSßia IN SIPHONS %
ipOlM^ieHYl
? . Irc^li Get tho Gen uino *
> A. VIGNIEB, Distributing AsrentJ
»0«O*0*M0*O*O*0*0*0 W4O»0)
visit DR. JORDAN'S grcat<i
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
C 5) 1351 jusist jr. tit. e-nrx s.rc& ,
Ey^ Ths Ljrgewt Anatomical Musrum in the
-Tft- h World W eafcnetses or Any contracted 1
I SrSja diw»vr p«iUl<elrc.r*4^ the oldeit '
Igfil i>pe<3»lbtCß theCoiit Esc 36 year*. 1
gtj¥7A OR. JOROAN-PSJYATE DISEASES «
I fwl Tmraint personally or by Utter. A 4
. D rQI Pit™ Orrtin e»erjr ei«unJrnaie:n. T
M nIL Write for Book. PniLOSOmYvf A
I iTMAnnI »€.».. MAILED FRBS. «Af
(\ Ur ' TKluabl* book for ran) \
OR. Jo a D A > A CO.. 1051 Market St.. s. F. r
99 Chi *T^ »"-ii i^fefl jx
i Palace and |"
i: Grand Hojtels I
< For nearly a quarter of a century th» '
< leading hotels on the Paclno Coast. ' ¦
< With added Improvements and con- ? ¦
4 venlences they continue to be the head- < i
Quarters for tourists and travelers vl*- < >
T -King San Francisco. <,
J .r JOHN C. KIRKPATRICTC. •> ? i
t . Manager. . .
!»? »»« ¦?"?• ||
_, - . *
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE, INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
Th« most ; wonderful aphrodisiac and Special'
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both Boxes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merit*.
NABER. ALFS & BRU.NE, AffenU.
tZS Market street. S. F.— (Send for ClrcuUr*.
809. SECOND RACE— Four and a half furlones; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Time— »-16. :18H; 5-16. :30*i; 4% t, :57%. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
' Winner. E. Corrlgan's b. g, by imp. Bassetlaw-rldoJ. A canter for Tarpey. | Better, ridden
Glrly Ducat could have j>^gn_ thl jd- '. ' " •
81 0. THIRD RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Time— *4. :26; %, :61; K. 1:16\4: mile, 1:42H- Good start. Won easily. Second and third driv
ing. Winner. E. Lanlgan's .ilk. . c. by Duke of Mqntroee-Bow Knot. Hard Knot apparently
had only Thoburn to beat. Showing of Potente and Daisy F inexplicable. Baroa about
Scotch Plaid.
911. FOURTH RACE — Six furlongs; three-year-olds, and upward; purse. $400.
rime — ><i, :2JV4; H. :6<Hi; ?i. 1:1M4- . Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Wln
ner. P. HlldretWs eh. h. t by" Btrathfnore-Black Maria. Captive received the smart' play.
Mortrase badly handled.' Ix>ch Katrine away poorly. Scratched— Lucid 104 Sister Marie
*7. March -Seven £7. University 104, Rey Hooker 104, Ann Page 99.
812. FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; puroe, $400.
Thne % :25H: H. :51: %. 1:16%: mile. 1:4314. Bad start. Won first three driving. Winner.
L,. H. Ezell «b. t. by Irmpector B-Sun Maid. Winner excellently ridden. Perseus ran
Facade to a standstill. White Fern quit. Meadowthorp* very lame. Scratched— Charles Le
JJZl^St^SiSZiZ^KjiSZZjiill^^^ 106 - Del Pas^ll 112
S|3. RACE— Five and- *' half furlongs; gelling; four-year-oldg and up; purs«, $400.
4
Index. Home. Weight. |St.
... Veauvian 107 1
802 Mountebank 104 2 .
797 Bandera. 102 6
646 UppercruU 102 3
797' Aborigine' 104 7
7'«o Isallne 105 11
772 La Borgia 102 4
£00 Mission 107 5
790 Maydlne 105 8
'97 Sam Dannenbaum..lO4 8
77J Artilla 104 10
Km.
Hm,
16
3 2
4 H
2 2
« 1
10 6
7 H
» H
8 >s
5 1
11
1 2
3 2
4 4
2 I
6 h
8 4
9 2
10 8
6 H
7 1
11
Str.
14
2h.
3 2
4 2
6 2
6 5
• 7 1
. » 4
8 h
10 6
11
Fin.
1 2
2 h
3 3
4 2
5 h
6 6
7 2
8 1
9 2
10 10
11
I I Bettinsr.
I Jockeyg. |Op. Cl.
Spencer 1 4-5
I. Powell 6 10
T. Wa15h...... 8 12
Henry 10 30
J. Martin 20 60
- Jenkins ....... 6 7
Tullett 40 60
Ranch 15 25
Vittltoe 8 12
E. Robs 12 20
Bullman 8 '12
Index. Horse. Weight. {St.
T"8t) M. F. Tarpey H5 4
T9l Scotch Belle 108 2
791 On Time.,. '. 100 1
732 Glrly Ducat 100 6
... Carlochtnl 10S a
... Fred'e Mount 105 8
Km.
12
2 h
8 2
4 2
5 6
6
15
2 2
32
4 10
5 8
6
Str.
1 4
2 2
81 '
4 6
6 20
6
Fin.
1 5
28
33
4 6
6 30
6
| Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
6pencer ...... 1-6 1-6
Vittltoe 6 6
Henry 15 .20
J. Walsh 15 20
Tullett , 80 ,100
Houston 30 101
:ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. |St. %m. %m.
(807) Hard Knot. 4 106 4 . 3 h !"i
(792) Harry Thoburn. 6.. 105 3 .12 13
(793) Patent*. 5 11l 6 . 5 1 8 1
7SI Daisy F. 5 I'M 6 6 6H
7oJ Scotch Plaid, 5 I'M 2 ¦ 2h 4h
770 Topmast, 6... 1% 1 4 h 6
%m. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. jOp. Cl.
2 3 In 11% Vlttlto« 6 T
In :.2 3 8 4 Henn' 10 vl2
8 4 8 5 8 6 T. Wa15h....... 16-5
4 1 4 5 4 3 Bullman 8 3
6»: • 6% . SU Jenkins ....... « 6
6 6 6 J. Martin 20 40
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. |St. tjm.-
77J Captive, a 107 5 ...
798 Esplrando. 5 104 3
ROO MortjraKe. 8 W 4
782 Loch Katrine, 8.... 87 7
801 Rleardo. a 104 1
756 Red Cherry. 8 87 2 ..,
7SS L'terp. 4 '89 10 ..."
C2O The Wooer, 4 101 8 ... '
77J I^wZtrt, 3 87 9 ... *
653 Heartless. 4 104 « ¦ ... .
800 Hiram Johnson. 8.. 89 11
_iim.
13
f22
8 1 .
6 1
4 H
32
ll :
10 8
9 1 :
7 h
%m. 9tr.
1 h i"v
25 23
41 8 1
62 4 3
73 6 1
6U . 6 H
81 7 4
11 10 1
84 8 1
10 1 11
93 9 1
Fin. | Jockeys. |Qp. ci.
1 3 B. Ross 4 \(H$
2 6 Vlttltoe ....... « 10
S 2 Phelan ........ »-5 . 2
.4 3 J. Walsh 4 6
5 3 Jenkins 10 10
6 1 Ranch 10 20
7 5 Henry /. 10 15
8 2 J. Daly :.. 30 100
9 3 Fauntleroy ... '40 * 100
10 1 Bullman 5 8
11 J. Martin..../ 20 ;E0
Index Horse. Ay». Weight. |St. -" Km..
(783) Espionage, 4 99 6 6 1
7KO Perseus, a 103 I*' 22:
(654) Facade. 4 98 2 In
775 White Fern, 4 105 3 : 8 1
796 Doutown. 5 106 7 ' 7-
7?1 Bluhop Reed. 6 109 4 • ' 4 1
659 M#«dowthorpe, 6.. ..112 5 6 M •
792 Ca«take, 5: 103 Left ...
764 Wyoming:, a.. 103 Left ..* .
. Hin. %m. Str. Fin. | Jockeys.
~1l 4 6 410 Inß J.Martin......
"22 22 11.. 2 2 Bullman ......
1 h ,1 h. • 3 1 8 5 Henry
32% 3 3 2 h 412 Jenkins
7 7 6 3 620 Vlttito* .......
82 «1 61 6 4E. R055........
-.6 2 61.7 ,7 T. Burns.
J. Walsh.. 1 ....
; T. Wa15h. ... ..
I Op. Ct.
...{. 3 T
... 19 13
...7,9
... 10 5
... 8.. 15
... • « 7
... 4 S
... 20 30
... 2 8
nder. Horse. Age. WHght.|St. Km. Km. %m. Btr. Fin. | Jockeyg" ~
6«l Syb^rl*. 6.... ....... .1DS i ; ...;; .m . TT~~~Ti 1 Ihi Jenkins .. "
763 Montallade, ¦ a.. ...... 108 3 ... 4 2 4 3 2 2 2 3 T Walsh
'7^2 Sister Alice. 5 MS 1 ... 2 8 2 2 38 3 6 Spencer
pi Formella, 5. 106 4 ...61 56 41 42 : Vlttltoe •;.-.'*"
J3« Roealbra, « .Mil 6 .... 3ft 31 6 6 <. 6 6 Henry
624 AntJoch. 4 W 7 ... ,7 7- 66 612 Bullman"!!!!!'
712 Yaruba. 4... .........104 6 ... 6 2 617 7 iE. Ross.;;!!!!
Jockeyg. [Op. "cT
6-5 6-5
8 11-5
3 6
: so B 100
8--15
8 30
« 20
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. |St. tjm.-
77J Captive, a 107 5 ...
798 Esplrando. 5 104 3
ROO MortjraKe. 8 W 4
782 Loch Katrine, 8.... 87 7
801 Rleardo. a 104 1
756 Red Cherry. 8 87 2 ..,
7SS L'terp. 4 '89 10 ..."
C2O The Wooer, 4 101 8 ... '
77J I^wZtrt, 3 87 9 ... *
653 Heartless. 4 104 « ¦ ... .
800 Hiram Johnson. 8.. 89 11
_iim.
13
f22
8 1 .
6 1
4 H
32
ll :
10 8
9 1 :
7 h
%m. 9tr.
1 h i"v
25 23
41 8 1
62 4 3
73 6 1
6U . 6 H
81 7 4
11 10 1
84 8 1
10 1 11
93 9 1
Fin. | Jockeys. |Qp. ci.
1 3 B. Ross 4 \(H$
2 6 Vlttltoe ....... « 10
S 2 Phelan ........ »-5 . 2
.4 3 J. Walsh 4 6
5 3 Jenkins 10 10
6 1 Ranch 10 20
7 5 Henry /. 10 15
8 2 J. Daly :.. 30 100
9 3 Fauntleroy ... '40 * 100
10 1 Bullman 5 8
11 J. Martin..../ 20 ;E0
:ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. |St. %m. %m.
(807) Hard Knot. 4 106 4 . 3 h !"i
(792) Harry Thoburn. 6.. 105 3 .12 13
(793) Patent*. 5 11l 6 . 5 1 8 1
7SI Daisy F. 5 I'M 6 6 6H
7oJ Scotch Plaid, 5 I'M 2 ¦ 2h 4h
770 Topmast, 6... 1% 1 4 h 6
%m. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. jOp. Cl.
2 3 In 11% Vlttlto« 6 T
In :.2 3 8 4 Henn' 10 vl2
8 4 8 5 8 6 T. Wa15h....... 16-5
4 1 4 5 4 3 Bullman 8 3
6»: • 6% . SU Jenkins ....... « 6
6 6 6 J. Martin 20 40
Index. Horse. Weight. {St.
T"8t) M. F. Tarpey H5 4
T9l Scotch Belle 108 2
791 On Time.,. '. 100 1
732 Glrly Ducat 100 6
... Carlochtnl 10S a
... Fred'e Mount 105 8
Km.
12
2 h
8 2
4 2
5 6
6
15
2 2
32
4 10
5 8
6
Str.
1 4
2 2
81 '
4 6
6 20
6
Fin.
1 5
28
33
4 6
6 30
6
| Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
6pencer ...... 1-6 1-6
Vittltoe 6 6
Henry 15 .20
J. Walsh 15 20
Tullett , 80 ,100
Houston 30 101
Index Horse. Ay». Weight. |St. -" Km..
(783) Espionage, 4 99 6 6 1
7KO Perseus, a 103 I*' 22:
(654) Facade. 4 98 2 In
775 White Fern, 4 105 3 : 8 1
796 Doutown. 5 106 7 ' 7-
7?1 Bluhop Reed. 6 109 4 • ' 4 1
659 M#«dowthorpe, 6.. ..112 5 6 M •
792 Ca«take, 5: 103 Left ...
764 Wyoming:, a.. 103 Left ..* .
. Hin. %m. Str. Fin. | Jockeys.
~1l 4 6 410 Inß J.Martin......
"22 22 11.. 2 2 Bullman ......
1 h ,1 h. • 3 1 8 5 Henry
32% 3 3 2 h 412 Jenkins
7 7 6 3 620 Vlttito* .......
82 «1 61 6 4E. R055........
-.6 2 61.7 ,7 T. Burns.
J. Walsh.. 1 ....
; T. Wa15h. ... ..
I Op. Ct.
...{. 3 T
... 19 13
...7,9
... 10 5
... 8.. 15
... • « 7
... 4 S
... 20 30
... 2 8
nder. Horse. Age. WHght.|St. Km. Km. %m. Btr. Fin. | Jockeyg" ~
6«l Syb^rl*. 6.... ....... .1DS i ; ...;; .m . TT~~~Ti 1 Ihi Jenkins .. "
763 Montallade, ¦ a.. ...... 108 3 ... 4 2 4 3 2 2 2 3 T Walsh
'7^2 Sister Alice. 5 MS 1 ... 2 8 2 2 38 3 6 Spencer
pi Formella, 5. 106 4 ...61 56 41 42 : Vlttltoe •;.-.'*"
J3« Roealbra, « .Mil 6 .... 3ft 31 6 6 <. 6 6 Henry
624 AntJoch. 4 W 7 ... ,7 7- 66 612 Bullman"!!!!!'
712 Yaruba. 4... .........104 6 ... 6 2 617 7 iE. Ross.;;!!!!
Jockeyg. [Op. "cT
6-5 6-5
8 11-5
3 6
: so B 100
8--15
8 30
« 20
Index. Home. Weight. |St.
... Veauvian 107 1
802 Mountebank 104 2 .
797 Bandera. 102 6
646 UppercruU 102 3
797' Aborigine' 104 7
7'«o Isallne 105 11
772 La Borgia 102 4
£00 Mission 107 5
790 Maydlne 105 8
'97 Sam Dannenbaum..lO4 8
77J Artilla 104 10
Km.
Hm,
16
3 2
4 H
2 2
« 1
10 6
7 H
» H
8 >s
5 1
11
1 2
3 2
4 4
2 I
6 h
8 4
9 2
10 8
6 H
7 1
11
Str.
14
2h.
3 2
4 2
6 2
6 5
• 7 1
. » 4
8 h
10 6
11
Fin.
1 2
2 h
3 3
4 2
5 h
6 6
7 2
8 1
9 2
10 10
11
I I Bettinsr.
I Jockeyg. |Op. Cl.
Spencer 1 4-5
I. Powell 6 10
T. Wa15h...... 8 12
Henry 10 30
J. Martin 20 60
- Jenkins ....... 6 7
Tullett 40 60
Ranch 15 25
Vittltoe 8 12
E. Robs 12 20
Bullman 8 '12Not Barnabee's Partner.
The William McDonald of the Boston
lans whose strange throat affection pre
cludes his attendance on the boards Is not
William McDonald, the partner of Bar
nabee, one of the mainsprings of the or
ganization.. It is hoped that the afflicted
Mr. McDonald will be able to return to
duty before long. : ' .
LADY EXEMPT.
Made an Honorary Member of the Old
Volunteer Fire Association.
Mrs. Jessup, the wife, of A. J. Jessup,
who for nearly a quarter of a century
was the vice president of the Exempt Fire
Association, was last evening made an
honorary member of v that association, be
ing the first lady In the history of the
old veterans, upon whom such an honor
has been conferred. The reason for this
distinction is that Mrs. Jessup discovered
that the old men who were the firemen in
GLADIATORS OF
TRADE ORDERED
TO MAKE READY
Struggle Is Now Near
Beginning.
»
COMMISSIONERS GIVE NOTICE
?
PRIZE IS THE COMMERCE OF
THE PACIFIC STATES.
»
Battle Will Commence in Los Angeles
in March and Conflict Will Then
Extend From South to
Puget Sound.
At last the long expected communica
tion has been received in this city fixing
definitely a date for the beginning of the
bearing before the Interstate Commerce
Commission of the witnesses and counsel
for the Pacific Coast Jobbers and Manu
facturers' Association. The Commission
ers will be In Los Angeles March 27 and
In San Francisco. April 2. At Los Angeles
the matter of routing freight will be taken
up, and then a part of the testimony In
behalf of tho Jobbers and manufacturers
may be heard. If so, that will do away
with the necessity for the coming of wit
nesses from the southern part of the State
to this city..
It is now thought probable that the-
Commlssloners will also go to Portland,
where the Portland, Seattle and Tacoma
manufacturers and Jobbers may testify.
Possibly only the San Francisco and Sac
ramento witnesses will be heard In this
city and the proceedings thereby be short
ened. Still, the Jobbers think the session
in San Francisco will last about a fort
night, for the details are many and there
are representatives of all the leading lines
of coast business to be heard and also
cross-examined by the lawyers from St.
Louis.
A vast amount of work has been per
formed to get the case ready for hearing.
The testimony, will deal with several In
teresting phases of the question of differ
entials. An Investigation has shown that
the differentials amount to only about one
per cent on the value of the goods shipped
from the East to Ban Francisco, bo the
plea of St. Louis Jobbers that the differ
entials prevent them from doing business
on the Pacific Coast is without basis in
fact.
Another fact of great Importance has
been developed. The distance from New
York to St. Louis is about one-third of
the distance to' San Francisco. Conse
quently the differentials to San Francisco
and all other Pacific Coast points ought
to be three times as large as the St. Louis
differential, upon a mileage basis, or
much larger than the Pacific Coast differ
ential now existing. There will probably
be between -fifty and sixty witnesses to
testify in this city, and quite a number
In Portland and Los Angeles.
No hearing in late years has such ma
terial interest for the people of the coast.
If the -graded rates that the St. Louis
Jobbers ask for are put Into effect, and the
differential based on water competition is
abolished, as they wish, they will come
pretty near taking away all the territory
for business purposes that the Pacific
Coast Jobbers and manufacturers now
have.
PROHIBITS THE SALE
OF CONDEMNED MEAT
Board of Health to Stop Auction of
Quartermaster's Supplies — Dis
ease Breeding Pools South,
of Holly Park.
At a meeting of the Board of . Health
last night there was considerable discus
sion over the possible danger to the health
of the community that might result from
the proposed sale of condemned quarter
master's supplies by the military author
ities, advertised to take place Tuesday
and Thursday of this week. The first
batch of supplies consists of a number of
thousand pounds, of condemned pork, ba
con and canned beef. The other lot con
sists of tents, bedding and general camp
equippage.
Dr. McCarthy ' declared that it was the
duty of the board to prohibit the sale of
the condemned meat and to compel the
thorough disinfection of thp tents and
bidding before allowing the auction to
take place. Health Olhcer O'Brien was
instructed to see that this was done if
after an investigation ha should deem
such measures necessary-
The health olficer was Instructed to call
the attention of the Board of Public
Wcrks to the unsanitary condition of the
district south of Holly Park, bounded by
Cortland avenue, Andover street. East
avenue and Bennington street. According
to the report of Sanitary' Inspector Green
the place Is deficient in sewers and those
constructed are not provided with outlets,
and a pool of stagnant, filthy water, with
no drainage, occupies the center of a va
cant lot adjoining the Bernal School,
where over 500 pupils attend. . . • '
Chairman d'Ancona;of the Supervisors'
Hospital Committee notified the board
that unless it could find some way to cut
down the expenses of the City and County
Hospital about $300 a month the institu
tion would have to be closed during the
last two months of the fiscal year.
The resolution recently passed relating
to the fumigation of lodging houses was
rescinded owing to lack of funds.
Secretary Brown reported that the ex
penses of the City and County and the
Twenty-sixth street hospitals. Including
salaries, for the month of February footed
up $2649 40. and the expenses of the health
office and Emergency Hospital for the
same period $7300 76.
B'NE B'RITH.
A Change in Initiation Fees — Sug-
gestion as to the Future of the
Youths' Auxiliary.
At the second session of the District
Grand Lodge of the Independent Order of
B'ne B'rith yesterday the first business
was the adoption of the report of the
committee on honored dead that a page
be. set aside in the Journal proceedings to
the memory of the following named past
presidents, who have gone to their eternal
nome: Isaac Kuhn, Laskar Lodge; Louis
Caro, Paradise Lodge: A. N. Levy, Monte-
More Lodge; Isador (John, Pacific Lodge;
Nathan Schneider, Miriam Lodge; Ber
nard Gad, Garizlm Lodge; William Gold
berg, Occidental Lodge; Marcus Katz,
Paradise Lodge, and Jacob Schwartz,
Oregon Lodge.
The committee on printing approved of
the action of the general committee for
having authorized the grand secretary to
omit from the printed proceedings certain
matters which in its Judgment had no
place there.
Hereafter neither the report of the
finance committee nor the semi-annual
reports will be printed, as in the past.
This on the ground of economy.
It was resolved that hereafter the Initia
tion fees shall be as follows: For those
who are under 35 years of age at the time
of Joining no fee, between 25 and 40 $5 and
over 45 years $10.
The report of the committee on mileage
was presented and referred to the finance
committee.
The committee on the branch known as»
the Youths' Auxiliary reported in favor of
placing that branch In charge of the sec
ond vice president, who shall call to his
aid twenty members of the order from
this city, and that In those places outslda
of the city where such auxiliary lodges
exist there shall be a special organizer in
each place, who may call upon members
of the order to assist. It also recommend
ed the establishment of a gymnasium for
the youths.
The entire afternoon was taken up In
the discussion of various matters which
will be acted upon at a future session.
In the evening there was a discussion
on a proposition having for its purpos*
the abolishment of the board of relief.
There was also a discussion on the ques
tion of optional endowments in the order.
There will be another session to-day,
commencing at 10 a. m.
SCHOONER METHA NELSON ESCAPES A MONSTER WATERSPOUT
THE schooner Meiha Nelson arrived In port from Makawell yesterday. Sunday afternoon the vessel had a narrow Q
escape from a waterspout. She was off Point Reyes and Captain Rice and his men were congratulating them- !?
selves on the near ending of the voyage. Suddenly the sky became overcast, the wind began to come In puffs and ?
tne water began to bolL In the distance the sailors saw a waterspout headed toward them, and for a few mo- «S
ments Jt looked as though their last hour had come. Luckily the spout changed Its course and sailed away In another ?
direction. . * S£
The sudden changes In the wind and the pitching and tossing of the Metha Nelson caused the spanker boom to ?
snap, and that was all the damage sustained. The schooner brings a large cargo of sugar from Makaweli, and after V
discharging will return for another load. . • ?
clary." Judge Cabanlss; song. D. S.
Cramer; "The Press." John Deane; song.
William Long., director of talent. Then
there were remarks by J. L. Herget and
Oscar Hocks and vocal solos by M. An
drews and D. O'Neil. It waa long after
midnight when the Eagles spread their
wings and went out in the wet, cold night
to' soar homeward.
R» P. Dinnlgan, dealer in fine liquors. 224
East street, & I". Branch 'la Xeswick. -,• •
Winnemucca Tribs Will Dance.
Winnemucca Tribe No. 61 of the Im
proved Order of Red, Men has secured th,e
social hall of the Red Men's Wigwam on
Shriners' Night at Techau Tavern.
The public will please take notice that
on Wednesday evening, February 21, 1900,
Techau Tavern will be closed to the gen
eral public after 8 o'clock, the entire build
ing being reserved by the Mystic Shrine
for their after- theater banquet and ball. •
Narjot Held for Manslaughter.
'- Ernest Naf Jot, who shot and killed J.
O'Neill Gleason, bartender In Stanley's
Grotto, Turk and Mason Rtreets, was yes
terday held to answer before the Superior
Court by Judge Fritz on a charge of man
slaughter, and the Judge fixed his bonds
In J7SOW .In reviewing the evidence the
Meeting of Principals.
The Board of Education has called, a
meeting of the principals of the public
pchools fcr to'mcrrow afternoon at l - 30
o'clock for the purpose of taking final
ftction on the latest compromise between
teachers and merchant creditors.
Xx>«ne to salaried men. No collateral or ln-
Cortr. S. F. Discount Agency, li} Phelan bid. •
Fire Underwriters to Meet.
The annual meeting of, the Fire Under
writers' Association of the Northwest will
take place to-day, and the sessions will
last all day. Annual reportß will be made,
officers will be elected, the business of the
year will- be reviewed. and the customary
committees will be appointed. ¦
Columbia Circle, A. O. H.
Columbia Circle No. 2, Ladies' Auxiliary
to the Ancient Order of Hibernians, will
give its first anniversary entertainment
and ball in Pioneer Hall next Wednesday
evening. The entertainment Is scheduled
for S and the grand march for half-past
9 o'clock. .
Suit to Determine Mining Title.
The Grass Valley Exploration Company
has filed three suits in the United States
Circuit Court against the Pennsylvania
Consolidated Mining Company. The plain
tiff alleges that the defendant has extend
ed drifts into its > property in Nevada
County and extracted therefrom a large
quantity of ore to the value of JlOO.OOO, for
which amount and costs Judgment is
asked In one of the suits. The two other
suits are to determine the title to certain
lands in controversy.
MUSEUM PROMOTERS
HAVE PLANS READY
Lacking a Quorum Last Evening All
Action Was Postponed Until .
Next Tuesday.
Fifteen members of the promotion com
mittee of the Commercial Museum met at
the rooms of tho Board of Trade last
ever.lr.gr for the purpose of' considering
and adopting the plan of organization
suggested by the committee of ten who
were appointed at the first meeting. As
there are forty members of the promotion
committee, and Jifty-flve. by reason of
augmentation subfftqufnt to the • first
meeting, will be entitled to be promoters,
no action was taken to adopt the plan.
All the time was passed 'in deciding
what would be the best time to meet to
get a full att»ndance at another meeting
and In discussing how to persuade the ab
sentee? to come. There were so many days
proposed for the meeting that finally the
roll \ras called, and each gentleman ex
pressed his choice of days. That method
brought out a majority for Tuesday, Feb
ruary 77. Some one suggested that the
meeting be held in the evening, but then
it was remembered that the Mardi Gras
ball would take place that evening, 'and so
the afternoon was selected Instead. W. R.
Wheeler paid that every one of those
present should consider himself a . com
mittee of one to bring in another mem
ber. Lipman Sachs wanted to have all
the notices sent out, registered to attract
more attention on the part of those who re
relved them. Craiple Sharp said that they
ought all to be notified by telephone -on
the morning of the meeting. Some way
will be devised to get a quorum. A. A.
Watklns oresided and Professor Plehii
acted as secretary- of the meeting.-
M'DONALD'S AFFIDAVIT
SAID TO BE INSPIRED
Effort to Show That the Manauense
, Was Owned by an American
Company Ruled Out.
There was a short session yesterday
forenoon at the British Consul's office In
the Investigation into the condition of the
transport . Manauense. Chief Engineer
McDonald completed his testimony.
He was asked as to the circumstances
under which he had' signed an affidavit
before Notary James M. Ellis on Febru
ary 5. His answer was that- he had be
come bo much attached to the ship that he
thought she" was doing all right. One of
the owners had requested him; he said, to
put the matter In as good a light as he
could, but what he had stated in the af
fidavit was what he believed at the time.
Attorney H. W. Hutton offered to prove
that the vessel was owned by the Western
Commercial Company, which, he contend
ed, was a California corporation, but ob
jection was made, and the Consul declined
to go Into that matter. The record would
be the best evidence on that point, he
said. Mr. Hutton. then introduced tho
purser's record to show that during the
period in which it was charged that Mc-
Donald was drunk ho had bought no liquor
for the period of six days except one pint
of beer. ¦
The further hearing was continued un
til to-morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock.
FRATERNAL EAGLES.
They Celebrate Their First Anniver-
sary by a Banquet, Speeches
and Song.
San Francisco Aerie No. 5 of the Frater
nal Eagles celebrated its first anniversary
by a banquet in a downtown rotlsserie
last night. There were present about 200
members of the order and several Invited
guests. An excellent menu was dlsDOsed
of, after which E. L. Wagner, toast
master, called for responses to toasts and
vocal music In accordance with a pro
gramme arranged by the special com
mittee, composed of Paul Wlchronskl, R.
M. Donnelly, Robert M. Rusch, Jerome
Basslty, Phil Ambrose, Henry Kuhls and
Charles G. Nagle. President Ed L. Head
delivered a short address of welcome; J.
F. Cheatham responded to "The Grand
Lodge" ; Fred Everett favored with a vo
cal solo; "Prosperity .Our Watchword,"
J. J. Kennedy; song, Richard McCready
of Sacramento; "The Eagles," Charles
Reynolds; vocal solo, Joseph S. Brown;
"San Francisco Aerie No. 5," Charles G.
Nagle; song, E. F. Burns; "The Judl-
An All-Day Clinic.
An all-day midwinter clinic under the
auspices of the Oakland Dental Club and
the San Francisco Dental Association will
be given at the College of Dentistry, U.
C. corner of Market and Taylor streets,
to-day, from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m., with din
ner and discussion in the evening.
There will be many -articles of special
Interest for exhibition, and interesting
cases brought forward for consultation.
The dinner will be at the Poodle Dog
restaurant at 6:30 p. m. under the direction
of the San Francisco Academy of Dental
Science. After the dinner a considerable
number of clinics covering a wide ranjre
of subjects will be discussed, each speaker
being limited to five minutes,
i ,T, Th c following is the programme: "Jen-
£ lns flf E . namel i? la ,y *'!"» Original Jenkins
Outfit,' Dr. F. K. Ledyard- "Jenkins
Enamel Inlay using Custer Furnace," Dr.
C. L. Goddard; "Enamel Inlay, using Ash
furnace and Low Fusing Body," Dr. A.
H. Wallace; "Jacket Crown," Dr. H Hln
kins; "Jacket Crown." Dr. J. C. Gllbert
8O .?A <^ Brlde:e v'\ V( \ r -. kl Restln & on the Gum,
with Removable Facings," Dr. A C Hart
assisted by Dr. C. E. Hart; "Logan
Crown." Dr. L. A. Teague; "Tube Crown,",
, Dn H ;, R- "Open-Faced Cuspid
WOWJ?'W 0W J?' L Dr - A - N. Copsey; "Gold Crown,"
E r KJf- T * agrue J >Gold Brld se Work with
Rubber Attachment," Dr. Alfred Cane:
Implantation," Dr. W. F. Lewis ;" Necr
osis of Maxilla and Treatment of Cicatrlx "'
RR r ', J - L x Pe ?fe; "Forcible Eruption of
Delayed Cuspid; Surgical Method using
Local Anaesthesia." I>r. C. Dlechmillerl
"Artistic Treatment of the Teeth," Dr!
H. D. Boyes; "Aqueous Treatment of Sen
sitive Dentine in Excavating," Dr. A F
Merrlman Jr.; "Lactate of Sliver Treat
men V « r '^ A - i*'. 0 , 101 ' 1 "Cataphoresis,"
?/• &• ¥' Fl ?°^'' ; Cataphoresis," Dr. A.
M. Barker; (a) "Treatment of Pyor
rhoea," (b) "Regulating with Silk Liga
tures," Dr. R. H. Cool; "Regulating Ap
pliances." Dr. Robert O'Connell; "Sur
geon's Chair for Anaesthesia and Ex
tracting." Dr. L. Van Orden; "Callahan
Method of Root Canal Filling," Dr F L.
Platt; "Gold and Platinum Filling" *Dr
A. E.. Blake; "Gold Filling, using Sichers
Matt Gold," Dr. F. C. Pague; "Inserting
Filling in Tooth, darkened room, using
Adjustable Mirror and Lamp," Dr. J A
W. Lundborg; "Practical Chemistry," Dr'
J. -D. Hodgen; "Refining Gold Scraps "
Dr.- Thomas Fletcher; "Preparation of
Soft Tissues for Microscopical Examina
tion," Dr. F. G; Canney; "Examination
and Treatment-of Diseases of- Nose and
Throat," Dr. James A. Black; "Diagnosis
of Cases by Members of the Clinic."
The committee— C. Deichmiller, presi
dent; H.G. Chappell, secretary; Walter
F. Lewis, L. Van Orden, A. C. Hart E.
C. Tlmerman.
Post street, for next Saturday night for
the purpose of giving therein an invita
tional social and dance to its members
and their lady relatives and friends. After
the entertainment Carlos F. de Berna will
as floor manager take charge of the
dance feature of the evening.
San Francisco by way of Australia. The
ship was being steered by means of rope
tackle when the Snow & Burgess met her.
She was making fair progress, but seemed
to be very foul. When a breeze came up
both vessels took advantage of it. but the
bark fairly ran away from the ship. As
they signaled "Good-by" to each other,
the Snow & Burgess was down to top
gallantsails. while the A. G. Ropes was
still carrying royals and making good
weather of It. ¦
The Snow & Burgess also beats the
British bark Calthness-shlre In the run.
The following notice to mariners wns
issued by the Lighthouse Inspector yes
terday: Notice is hereby given that the
three-pile beacon, black. No. 11, on the
northerly side of Alviso channel, lower
part of San Francisco Bay. recently re
ported destroyed has been "rebuilt without
change in description or location.
The tug Maggie, which went ashore at
Siuslaw along with the schooner Berwkk
last week, will prove a total wreck. The
schooner was got off after some trouble,
but the tug went on the beach so hard
and fast that nothing will budge her.
EXCITING CHASE AFTER
A WOULD-BE MURDERER
CHARLES SHAW TRIES TO KTLL
NOBA BIRCH.
Attempts to Stab Her With a Knlfe»
but the Landlady In
terferes. .
Th« rolice and a posse of south-of-
Market -street citizens had an exciting
chase after a would-be woman slayer last
evening, which terminated In the capture
of Charles Shaw, a waiter, who was
charged at the City Prison with an as
sault with a deadly weapon . and va
pxancy. Shaw attacked Xora Birch with
a knife in her rooms in a lodging house
at 316 Third street, and had it not been
for the timely interference of the land
lady he raicht have succeeded In ending
her life.
The Birch woman has been living with
Shaw for some time, but on Saturday last
Ehe had him arrested and booked on a
charge of "drunk."
Shaw was released yesterday morning
and he made several attempts during the
afternoon to see the woman. She took
refuge In the landlady's room, but Bhaw
forced the door open and drew a knife.
The landlady got between the cowardly
assailant and nls Intended victim, and
after making several ineffectual attempts
to stab her Shaw left the room and ran
down stairs. The landlady, who refused
to give her name, gave chase and fol
lowed the fleeing waiter to the corner of
Fourth and Harrison streets, where he
was knocked down by two citizens. A
tremendous throng gathered quickly, and
In the excitement Shaw escaped. lie ran
up Fourth street, closely pursued by sev
eral policemen and the crowd of citizens,
and turned down Folsom street toward
Third.
Half way down the block P. A. Parrish
stepped out and knocked Shaw down. Be
fore he could get up reinforcements ar
rived and Shaw was bundled Into an ex
press wagon and driven back to the scene
of his attempted crime, where he was
turned over to Policemen Drlscoll and Re
gan.
SOCIETY STAMPS
THE BAL MASQUE
US "ALL RIGHT"
?
An Active Request for
Invitations.
The demand for tickets clearly indicates
that the forthcoming Mardi Gras ball, un
der the. auspices of the San Francisco Art
Association, will be highly successful. Let
ters received at the Mark Hopkins Insti
tute of Art yesterday contained many ap
plications for tickets of admission. When
a ticket is Issued the name of the lady or
gentleman to whom it Is given Is entered
on a book. Reference to the book shows
that prominent leaders of local society
arc already largely represented in the field
of application. The officers of the asso
ciation frankly assert that society has
given its unqualified approval of the b*l
masque, and the names appearing on the
register of 150 Issued tickets corroborates
the assertion of the management.
The experience of the Art Association
of San Francisco In the field of ball-giving
has been varied, if not vast. The first
dancing function of the association was
given at the old rooms on Pine street dur
ing the adminlstnatlpn of Daniel Cook.
This initial entertainment was not a
Mardl Gras event, but simply an artistic
ball to which society was invited. The
management, however, resolved that beau
tiful decoration should be one of the fea
tures to delfght the assembled dancers,
and accordingly Virgil Williams, Jules
Tavernier and M". Garibaldi, artists of re
nown, were appointed to devise and exe
cute the scheme of decoration. The Dall
was appointed to take place on a Tuesday
evening. It came to the knowledge of the
decorating committee on the Sunday oven
ing immediately preceding the event that
not a single stroke of work had been done
in the decorating line, and not the semb
lance of a scheme of adornment for the
occasion had been suggested. When the
committee was sought it was found that
Virgil Williams had gone to his ranch on
Mount St. Helena, Tavernier was too bus
ily engaged in his work to be disturbed
and Garibaldi had- vanished. The whole
responsibility at once devolved on J. R.
Martin, assistant secretary of the assocJa
tion. Dan Cook, president of the associa
tion, an energetic and liberal man, toM
Martin to go ahead and decorate. Sign
painters, scenic artists and carpenters
were employed. Martin had authority
from Dan Cook to buy anything needed.
The work began Monday morning and was
not completed a minute before the lir^t
carriage arrived Tuesday night. The ball
was a great success from an artistic point
of view, but the receipts fell $400 short of
the expenses. A check to cover the de
ficiency was promptly given by President
Cook, hence the association emerged tri
umphant from the ordeal.
The Mardl Gras ball to be given on the
27th inst. will be the seventh in the his
tory of the association. The first was
given at the old rooms on Pine street.
Joseph D. Redding was then president.
The function was a pronounced success.
Society bestowed its sweetest smile on the
scheme. The decorations were beautiful
to behold and the company was delight
ful to entertain. Dowagers resplendent in
diamonds added splendor to the occasion.
The association gained money and fame
by the function. '¦ "-
The second Mardl Gras ball was given
at the Grand Opera House, but the dow
agers were Bhy of the publicity and did
not give the affair the open commenda
tion which was bestowed on tho ball at
the rooms of the association. Tickets
were placed at $10 each. In a financial
sense the event was successful, but soci
ety was not charmed or captivated. The
next function of the kind was given at
Odd Fellows' Hall, and the result con
vinced the managers of the association
that the plan "of hiring outside halls
should be abandoned. Three successful
Mardi Gras events have taken place at
the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art. The
forthcoming ball will be the second under
the administration of President Joseph D.
The work of decoration and equipment
for the next event is going forward speed
ily at the mansion of the association on
the hill. Captain Robert Howe Fletcher,
the curator of the institute, is giving to
the scheme of light and adornment per
sonal supervision. t
The new gallery will be used as a
throne room on the occasion of
the ball. There Prince Carnival and
his court will assemble. The decorations
will convey an Idea of court grandeur In
the display of heraldic devices, shields,
banners and standards. Palms In great
profusion from Santa Barbara are ex
pected to-day. All the boxes arranged for
have been*eold and there Is demand for
more spaces to view the carnival scenes.
To-day or to-morrow the managers of the
association will select some one to. fill
the responsible office of Prince Carnival.
There are several candidates for the
honor of leading the carnival.
the early days were In many cases with
,out relatives and uncared for. She vol
unteered to visit every sick Exempt and
did all that one woman could to alleviate
their sufferings, because they at one time
were comrades of her husband in the
volunteer department. The Exempts,
recognizing the unselfish work of this
lady, decided to recognize her worth and
show their gratitude by making her one
of them. Last night at a meeting of the
association President George T. Bohen,
on behalf of the association. In the pres
ence of a number of invited guests, pre
sented her with a beautifully framed and
engrossed certificate of membership.
After that there was a collation and a
few remarks hy Harry D. Hudson, past
president; J. Figel, treasurer, and others.
PURIFY
YOUR BLOOD,
For Pure Blood Is Essen-
tial to Health and
Activity.
SLUGGISH LIVER OR KIDNEYS
PRODUCE BAD BLOOD.
When one's blood Is out of order h« Is tick
all over. There is a feeling of lassitude or lan-
gor. There is loss of appetite, coated tongue.
a muddy or sallow complexion, and very often
costlveness. Headaches are quite common and
often pimples or eruptions break out upon th«
skin. .
These are symptoms that arise merely from
Impure blood, to say nothing of the znor»
serious diseases that are directly due to bad
blood, such as scrofula, eczema, erysipelas, ma-
j larla. rheumatism and a dozen or more other
diseases.
It is so easy to keep your blood In good order:
it is easy to purify your blood if It is In bad
condition. Hudyan will purify, enrich and
vitalize the blood; It will correct that tired
feeling: It will give strength and energy. Hud-
yan acts gently and naturally upon the bowels;
It stimulates to activity and strengthens tha
liver and kidneys. In order that all the Im-
purities In the blood may be filtered out and
discharged through the natural channels.
HUDYAN produces a clear and rosy com-
p'exlon; It removes pimples, blotches and all
skin eruptions. If your skin is yeuow it de-
notes a torpid liver. Hudyan will promptly
correct the evil and will restore tha glow at
health.
Ht'DTAX will prevent as well as cur»
disease, for It keeps the blood In a perfectly
healthy condition. Hudyan is the best remedy
on earth for constipation.
HUDYAN Is for sale by druggists ; EOc a
package, or six packages for J- SO.
If your druggist does not keep Hudyan senA
direct to the
HUDYAN REMEDY CO..
Cor. Stocktsn, Ellis and Market St 3. t
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
I consultl „ onsul * Fr *° * h ;»
I FREE. I Hudyan Doctors. Call
? ' * cr write to them.
"71 j ivl fo bad pimple* on her face* bat
she has been taking CASCARETS *nd they
have all disappeared. I had been troubled
with constipation for some time, but after talc-
In? the first Cascsret I havo had no troubla
with this ailment. Wo cannot speak too high-
ly of Cascarets." ' Frso Wartmak.
5703 Germantown Aye.. Philadelphia, P».
M %3*y CATHARTIC
TWAOt MA** BtOUTXWf 9
Plttsant. Palatable. Potent. Taste Good. Do
Good. Neter Sicken. Weaken. or Gripe. 10o.Sc.S0o.
... CURE CONSTIPATION. ...
¦ t*r(l»c *em*4j C*ap*af, Cklcaco. M.airral. Stw Tart. SI 4
lin.Tfl.RlP Sold sndjraarsnteed by all drug-
nU-lU-uAU gisu to CtrßK Tobacco Uablu
BIRTiHNGTON'S WASHDAY
Never allowed the Father of his
Country to dance with joy at the sight
of a well laundered shirt, cuff or collar,
because he wasn't initiated into the se-
crets of those up-to-date articles. Those
who live in San Francisco know a srood
thing when they see it, though, and the
finish, color and perfect work done on
their linen is our best advertisement.
United States Laundry. Orflo*
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
Oakland Office. 514 Eleventh St.
JU.VtrroM DUet—m Failing Mac*
ory. SlaeploaaiMM. etc., earned br <>»•**. .
work and ladiaerationa. T\vm ««<efe*v
¦m! awrely restore Lort Vitality la aid
or too a*, and at a man fcr stooT. btul-
neas or pi Maura. Pramt f~— ijtt_ *M
Coonunptioa If takea la time. Th«ir
¦ie ihDwi ionrßixH»t« Improvement and effect » CU&J3
•rbsra all others f all. . Insitt apoa having tha gaastns
AJaa; Tablets. They hava cared thftnwiini* sad will
rare joa. We giTa a poaitlTa writUa guarantee to «f •
faetaeareiaoach case or refoad the monar. Price
R(1 Ate per packagn. or six ¦ packages (fall trwC>
Wlfbld* men-.] for 82.60 bj mail, la plain wisher.
¦poa raaaipt efpriee; Circulars frea. i
AJAX REMEDY CO.. 7 |^^ x ?.? t '
For sale ta 8. F. by Lelpalts A Co.. No Ft**
centasa Drug Co., Owl Drag Co.. 8. F.. OairdL
DR.uALL'S £EINVIGOBATOR&3fS
Fire hundred reward for any- aeSj itjSJH
case w« cannot cure. This secret ir .
remedy (tops all loss** in H fl * *m*B
boors, cures Emissions.. Impo- gQajj &2G
tency. Varlcocele. Gonorrhoea, IfiFl Flint
Gleet. Fits. Strictures. Lost < £4tf BOtfi
Manhood and all wasting effects /^JLJiIPJfj
of self-abuse or excesses. Sent * — -—'
••sled. 13 bottle: S bottles, »: guaranteed to
etir. any case. Address HALt/3 MEDICAL Dl-
BTITUTE. US Broadway, Oakland. Cai. Alaa
for sale at 1073H Market sL. S. T. All prtvsla
"¦¦mh aoicklr cured. Scad tor tree book.
MEDICINE DISPENSED
FREE AMONG CHINESE
SANITARIUM TO BE STARTED
FOR SICK HEATHEN.
Consul General Ho Vow Fathers a
1 Movement Which Will I«essen
Suffering Among His
People.
For the first time in the history of San
Francisco a free medical dispensary will
be opened In Chinatown. The movement
to aid the sick and poor Chinese was
started by Consul General Ho Vow and
that gentleman contributed $1500 of his
own money to defray the initial expenses
of the Institution.
The necessity of a place where poor
Chinese might receive humane treatment
after disease had begun to gnaw at their
vitals became obvious when the horrible
and revolting exposure of tho "Chambers
of Tranquillity" was made by the police.
It was discovered that when the friend
less Chinese became infirm or unable to
work he was treated as an outcast and a
burden upon his people and promptly con
signed to an undertaker's bunk, where he
passed away from earth a short time
afterward and was quickly buried. No
iredlcal treatment whatever was accord
ed him and it was strongly suspected that
foreign agents were often employed to
assist disease in Its destruction of life.
Eight prominent physicians of the, city
have promised their assistance in con
ducting the new hospital, which will open
on Sacramonto street next week, and
prominent Chinese merchants will sub
scribe medicines, which will be given to
the needy free of charge. The idea is a
new one among the Chinese, but they have
welcomed it gladly and believe that it will
lessen a great deal of the misery and suf
fering which have heretofore existed in
the Chinese quarter.
Stationary Engineers.
San Francisco No. 1. National Associa
tion of Stationary Engineers, will give a
smoker to its friends in the association's
hall at 20 Eddy street this evening, and
an Interesting programme has been ar
ranged for the occasion.
COMMISSIONERS PREPARE
FOR COMING ELECTIONS
Preliminary Work Authorized — Con
tract for Printing the Office
Great Register Awarded.
At the regular meeting of the Election
Commlslsoners last night the contract for
printing the oQce Great Register was
awarded to Phillips & Smythe for WO3. Tho
only other bid was that of Eastman & Co.
for JSIS. The general precinct plan adopted
in IA9S providing for 303 precincts was re
adopted. The Registrar was authorized
to consolidate the precincts for the pri
mary election to be held on August 14. not
more than three election precincts to ba
consolidated into one.
The Registrar was authorized to mail
to the various political parties a letter
calling their attention to that section of
the Political Code known as the Stratton
election law. and to the section of the new
charter referring to the nomination of
candidates for offices to be voted for at
the general election on November 6 of this
year.
EARLIEST MAIL FOR
CAPE NOME DISTRICT
Letters Posted in San Francisco by
the 22d Inst. Will Reach Nome
About May 15.
The Postofflce Department has made ar
rangements with Edwin. Engelstad of St.
Michael, Alaska, to carry not exceeding
300 pounds of letter mall overland from
Katmal, on Shelikof Strait, opposite Ka
dlak Island, via Nushagak, at the head of
Bristol Bay, to St. Michael and Nome,
Alaska. From Nushagak the carrier will
take what Is known as the Kuskokwin
River route, crossing the Yukon River at
a point about fifty miles west of Kosercf
sky, thence overland to St. Michael. From
St. Michael to Nome the carrier will pro
ceed by land to Norton Bay, crossing on
the ice to Golovin Bay, thence by land to
Nome.
Engelstad will leave Seattle February
24 on the steamer Cottage City for oitka,
and will leave Sltka about March 1 on the
mail steamer of the Pacific Steam Whal
ing Company, due to arrive at Katmai
about March 15. He expects to reach St.
Michael about April 25 and Nome not later
than May 15, or about a month In advance
of the arrival of the first steamer from
San Francisco or Seattle.
The last possible connection from San
Francisco for mail for St. Michael ar.d
Nome over this route, via Katmai und
the Kuskokwin River, will be the Portland
train leaving San Francisco at 8:05 p. m.
the 22d. Domestic postage rates will pre
vail. .
JAMES B. STETSON AND
MRS. DOE ARE MARRIED
Ceremony Quietly Performed in the Presby
terian Church at Pasadena by Dr.
Mackenzie of This City.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PASADENA. Feb. 19.— James B. Stet
son and Mrs. Eleanor H. Doe, who have
been sojourning In Los Angeles for some
time, were -quietly married at noon to
day In the Presbyterian Church by Rev.
Dr. Robert Mackenzie of San Francisco.
James B. Stetson is president of the
North Pacific Railway and the California
Street Cable Car Company, and a mem
ber of the big firm of Holbrook, Merrill
& Stetson. '-¦ ,v*-
Mrs. Eleanor H. Doe is the widow of
the millionaire lumberman John S. Doe.
Rev. Dr. Mackenzie of the First Presby
terian Church accompanied the couple to
the charming southern town and there
made ' them man and. wife. -¦ None of the
members of Mr. Stetson's family wit
nessed the ceremony. The bride was ac
companied by her only child, a daughter,
ten years old. '
Although the announcement of the wed
ding of the millionaire and. the charming
widow came somewhat as a surprise, it
was not altogether unexpected. For more
than two years rumors of the engagement
have been current, and with Just the same
persistency as they regularly cropped up
were they regularly denied by Air. Stet
sons-- family.- ¦ •
Announcement of the marriage yester
day was made by Mrs. Robert Oxnard, a
daughter of Mr. Stetson. "We knew that
my father was to be married to-day," she
said. "He and his bride will return here
to their home. 1801 Van Ness avenue, to
live. . Before they do, however, they will
visit New Orleans, make a tour of Flor-i
Ida and spend a short time In New
York." |
Mr. Stetson has three children, two
daughters, Mrs. Robert Oxnard and Mrs.
Chauncey "Winslow, and one eon, Harry
Stetson.
The lady who yesterday became Mrs.
Stetson, although well and prominently
known here, has lived a very retired life.
She is extremely wealthy and quite a
number of years younger than Mr. Stet
son. Since the death of Mr. Doe she spent
several years abroad, and after her return
and up to the present time she has made
h.er home at 2489 Jackson street.
The bride of J. B. Stetson is fully twen
ty-flve years his Junior. She is slender,
below medium stature and decidedly en
gaging In her looks, manners and conver-
cation. She Is about 37 years of age. The
estate of J. S. Doe. of which she and her
daughter are the heirs. Is quite extensive.
The St. Nicholas Hotel, land and struc
ture, the property nearly opposite occu
pied by Plum, the fine building and lots
at the corner of Taylor and Market
streets, and many other pieces of valuable
property, belong to the estate. The Doe
brothers, Bartlett and J. S.. were largely
Interested In prosperous corporations out
side of the lumber trade. It Is common
gossip that the bride of Mr. J. B. Stetson
Fs much richer in this world's goods than
he Is. Her holdings, however, so exten
sive and valuable, may require the per
sonal supervision of a trained and meth
odical man of business affairs. The bride
Is a lady of sufficient attraction, personal
and Intellectual, to win the comradeship
of a good man even If she did not possess
the prestige of wealth.
J. B. Stetson, while advanced in years,
has not attained the allotted span of three
score and ten. but is not many laps short
of it. . He rendered the city of San Fran
cisco most exc«llent service as chairman
of the Finance Committee of the Board of
Supervisors from 1579 until ISSI. If public
honors had possessed fcr him special at
traction he could easily have secured the
position of Mayor of San Francisco. Had i
he permitted the use of his name as a
candidate for higher honors than Mayor
he might have secured from the Republi
can State Convention that nominated H.
H. Markham the nomination for Gover
nor of California. Mr. Stetson Is a mem
mer of the Pacific Union Club, and at a
little dinner party three weeks ago made
the announcement of his' intended mar
riage to Mrs. Doe. Mr. Stetson is not a
club man in the common acceptation of
the term. On the contrary, he is ex
tremely fond of the comforts of a home.
Once at the Bohemian Club he loitered
until 3 o'clock, enjoying the mild revels
of a jinks. It was an unusually late hour
for him. "When he was about to get Into
bed a few minutes after 3 o'clock there
came a sharp shock of earthquake. This
tremor of the earth was accepted in the
household as a protest of nature against
late hours and high Jinks for Mr. Stet
son. The earth dirt not quake on the oc
casion of the wedding at Pasadena.
In business life Mr. Stetson is a hard,
earnest worker. He inherited character
istics of economy from his New England
ancestry and environment, and these
traits have not departed from him.
Judge said that he waa satisfied the shot
had been flred In the heat of passion, and
as the men had been strangers to each
other there was not that premeditation
which would constitute murder.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1900.
Book for Men!
-fc Cut this out
j» •| I<jw*s^.1 <jw*s^. and send It to
•SSJj/jS^iZN me. I will mail
JjffiCllila beautifully illus-
IffiPwjMStfiKsi Si trated So-pag*
©§S|pS§^|flWtf book.tdling how
."IS. >fifir -_men break down
' •• vr from exposur:
f and dissipation,
*L 'VJI/ hausted, how it
can be restored
vK*!?w& a nd their full
vigor renewed.' This is done with my
Electric Belt, the result of 20 years of
study. Read this book. It will make any
man better mentally and physically.
DR. M. A. McLAUGHLIJfc,
703 Market ft., cor. Keaniy. 8. F.; Burdlck
block, cor. Spring and Second sts.. Los Angeles.
5
SHARK PREVENTS THE
RESCUE OF A SAILOR
The Bark Snow <5c Burgess Has an Eventful
Voyage From Australia to
This Port, friei ;.
THE American Bark Snow & Bur
gess arrived from Australia yee
terday morning after a fair pas
sage of seventy-three days. It
is many a day since a sailing
vessel came Into port In as perfect order
alow and aloft as is the Snow & Burgess.
On January 9 she passed the long-looked -
for A. G. Ropes in latitude 32 degrees IS
minutes north, longitude 127 degrees 2
minutes west. This vessel left New York
for San Francisco 206 days ago and the
underwriters were beginning to wonder
what had become of her. It waa known
that she put Into the Falkland Islands
with her rudder post twisted, and that
she sailed again on October 80, but noth
ing was heard from her after that until
the Snow & Burgess -brought the news of
her whereabouts.
Captain Olsen of the Snow & Burgess
reports that the A. O. Ropes came by the
way of the Cape of Good Hope and Aus
tralia. The two vessels were In company
for three days, and when the bark bore
down to within hailing distance the first
thing Captain Rivers asked was "Who
won the yacht race?" When the answer
"Columbia" went back across the waters,
the men on the Ropes gave three cheers
and a tiger. As near as Captain Olsen
could gather tho Ropes was caught off
the Horn in the October weather that
damaged so many vessels. Captain Riv
ers stated, that when he got into Port
Stanley he found twelve disabled vessels
there. It was impossible to get any re
pairs made in a hurry, so he fixed up the
rudder as well as he could and came on to
across the Pacific. The sailing- of both
vessels was cabled on the same day, but
the American did not sail until two days
after the Britisher, so in' reality the Snow
& Burgess beats the Calthness-shlre
twenty-four hours. The Snow & Burgess
has been away from the coast for nearly
a year. She loaded lumber, on Puget
Sound for South Africa and met with a"
number of mishaps before reaching Aus
tralia. While In the tropics a sailor named
O. Hansen fell overboard. He was a good
swimmer and had no trouble in keeping
himself afloat. A boat was lowered, but
when It was within ten yards of the sailor
a shark's fin appeared on the surface and
a few seconds later Hansen was dragged
under. A moment , later ¦• the water
showed red and the men in the boat knew
that all was over with their comrade. -
While entering Delagoa Bay the Snow
& Burgess struck heavily on the bar.
She was deeply laden and the captain of
the tug that had her in tow made a mis
calculation. In consequence nearly all the
copper on the vessel's bottom was sera pwl
off and she was strained a good. deal.
After discharging she went to Sydney, N.
S. W., in ballast, and on arriving there
went on the- drydock for repairs. After
receiving a thorough overhauling she weat
to Newcastle, N. S. . W., and loaded coal
for San Francisco.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamer
Peru arrived from Panama and way ports
yesterday. She brought seven cabin,
twenty-one steerage and • three Chinese
passengers.
The City of Para sailed for Mexican and
Central American ports yesterday." Among
the passengers were Dan M: Burns, wife
and daughter. . ¦IDENTIFYING THE BOOKS.
Investigation Into the School Depart -
ment Lumber Frauds Begins*.
Bums, O'Brien & Swift, charged with
defrauding the city (through various lum
ber frauds perpetrated on the School De
partment, were placed on trial before
Judge Cook yesterday. J. Hanson, pres
ent secretary of the board, was called to
the stand to Identify the books contain
ing ; the minutes- through the agency of
which the prosecution seeks to establish
the guilt of the defendants. The books
were marked for identification and to-day
Charles P. Welch and George S. Graham,
who were in office at the time the alleged
frauds - were committed, will be called
and the work of implicating th© defend
ants will then be attempted.
The path of the millionaire seems not always to be
one of roses. First it was Clark of Montana, then
Carnegie, and now Rockefeller who has fallen under
the light of prying investigation. It might be better,
perhaps, if the gentlemen remained true to their first
love and continued to make money, not distribute ir.
If unbending justice continues her stern progress
in New York married men will soon lose the last
privileges of their honored state. A stern Justice has
added to the woe of benedicts by convicting a man
of disorderly conduct and binding him. over to keep
the peace for tickling his wife's feet.
The Parisian lady who concluded a pugilistic con
test by swallowing her opponent's nose seems to have
taken the affair too seriously. She should be advised
to study some of the harmless tricks of the fakers of
the American prize ring.
The Oakland man who once submitted to marriage
and now thinks that amob of wives is chasing' him
must have had a whirlwind of an experience in the
matrimonial elate.
RED CLOTH COSTUME.
The costume represented Is of dark red
cloth. The short red Jacket is trimmed
with rolled seams of black satin and ara
besques of the same. The skirt, which is
full and long, is similarly trimmed.
PRESS COMMENTS
Examiner Rebuked
Redlanda Facts.
If sensationalism is tho sola aim and ox
cuse for the publication of the San Fran
cisco Examiner, that paper's editorial
staff surely Is filling every requirement.
Regard for truth and decency seem» to
have no share in its management. That
Senator Hard or his friends bought his
election is so absolutely false as to stir up
the indignation of not only Republicans,
but also fair-minded Democrats, In South
ern California at least. We hear but one
expression concerning, the Infamous at
tempt to blacken the reputation of the
thoroughly honest man, who had no
"strings" to his election to the Senator
ship. Such attacks, however, show to
what low depth a metropolitan sheet enn
fiink In Us efforts to cuter to the "yellow
Journalism" loving portion of the public.
Will not this "dog" of a publication have
Its "day?"
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A DAT IN MAT— M. J. R. 0.. City. The
23d of May. ISSI. fell on a Friday.
• BRTAN— A. S., City. "William Jennings
Bryan Is classed among the axxtl-ex^an-
Bionists.
NO PREMIUM— C. N.. City. There Is
no premium for a dime of IS3S, nor for
one of 1894, unless It be one coined In San
Francisco in that year.
HOME STUDY— V. S.. City. Follow the
instructions that are given with th© les
sons published in The Call's Home Study
and send the work you do at home to the
Home Study, Call ofilce.
WHY SHE-E. V.\. City. TTus depart
ment has made a protracted search for
the origin of "she" as applied to a man
of-war or to any vessel, but it has not
been able to find the origin of why a ship
is called "she."
THE TIVOLI— E. "W., City." The Ttvoll
Gardens were in existence "at the north
west corner of Stockton and Sutter streets
In IS7S, being then kept by Blumberg &
Kreling. In 1577 the same premises- were
kept by J. Kreling. in IS7S at the lame
place by Kreling Bros, and In 1879 the
Tivoli Gardens, by Kreling Bros., were at
28-32 Eddy street, the site of the present
Tivoli Opera House.
BORN IN CHINA— A. O» S.. Purlssima,
Cal. A man born la. China -is a nativa
of that empire, yet ha may not be a
Chinaman as that term Is generally un
derstood. For instance a child born to
white parents'' while either traveling or
while the father was resident '"of that
country with his family and' engaged In
the diplomatic service would be a Chinese
by nationality, but would not be a China
man, for the reason that that term Is
applied only to natives of China of the
Mongolian race*. The Century Dictionary
defines a Chinaman as "a native of China
or a man of Chinese origin."
The all-night privileges granted to Oaklanders by
Judge Ogden are working out in strange develop
ments. One unfortunate, who became convinced that
life was a weary grind, found that all he needed was
a sleep. He took a nap, and has reconsidered his in
tention to kill himself.
:¦ - ---. ¦ - :;¦ ...¦•¦ ¦ ¦¦.-. . •. ¦ . L.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ."TITICSOAY, KICHKDAIIV 'JO, 1!K)O.
ease and death is what the German* nrr payinff for
the folly of tropical colonies. Nothing hft» followed
the German flag to those lands except gubsidici taken
from the pockets of the German taxpayer, and noth
ing has welcomed it save pcstilrnce. We arc very
sure to have a similar experience if we be not wise
enough to learn from the Germans. Our people are
not fitted for tropical habitation any more than are
those of Germany, nor, unless we permit the use of
coolie slave labor in the tropics, are we likely to
derive any more profit from them than the Germans
can show for all their efforts and subsidies.
Mayor Phelan is firmly convinced that the owners
of stock in corporations may justly be considered
gamblers. As his Honor is amply provided with
stocks of various kinds this may be taken as the first
definite announcement of his own opinion of himself.
Definite announcement has at last been made of the
first general civil service examinations. It would 'ne
interesting to know how many ante-election pledges
are to figure in the standard of the candidates who
mbmit themselves to the test.
The local police officer who is accused of cowardice
for having retired from a conflict says he simply ran
away to get his second wind. He must think that the
rule* of sprinting constitute an clement of police duty.
WELCOME FOR
A YOUNG BRIDE
Reception at the Presidio
This Evening to Lieu
tenant and Mrs.
Gardner.
A reception will be given this evening *t
the clubrooms of the Presidio Club In
honor of Lieutenant and Mrs. Rogers F.
Gardner. The affair Is in. charge of the
officers of the post and will be in the na
ture of a greeting. to "the young lieutenant
and his charming, wife.
Arthur Bachman, son of S. Bachman,
and Miss Amy Ehrman, daughter of M.
Ehrman, were married last evening at 8
o'clock in the clubrooms of the San Fran
cisco Verein on Post street. Rev. Ur.'
Voorsanger performed the ceremony,
which was witnessed by a large number
of Invited guests.
Mr, and Mrs. Charles Llndermann gave
a- delightful reception on Sunday last at
their home. 2241 Sutter street, compliment
ary/to Moses Marks and bis cbarmlm;
Acquitted of Manslaughter.
James T. Rockwell, engineer of the
Southern Pacific train that ran over and
killed James Whitcomb Rlley a two-year
old boy. near Ocean \ iew February 11.
was acquitted of manslaughter by Judso
Mogan yesterday. The evidence showed
that the boy's death was not due to any
carelessness on the engineer's part.
Dr. Sanf orti's Liver Invijjorator.
The best liver medldna. A vegetabU cur» for
lrver Ills, biliousness, indigestion, constipation. •
THE COST OF TROPICAL COLONIES.
ONLY a short time ago The Call had occasion to
direct attention to reports issued by the Statis
tical Bureau at Berlin, showing the unprofitable
nature of Germany's commercial relations" with her
imperial system of colonies. By the figures given it
appears that during the past year Germany imported
from her colonies goods to the value of 4,617,000
marks and exported goods and silver to the value of
10,149,000 marks, making a total trade for the year of
14,766,000 marks. To attain that trade, however, the
Government paid out of the imperial treasury in sub
sidie.s and bounties to the colonies and protectorates
during the same year the sum of 14,788,000 marks,
making a net loss of 22,000 marks for the operations
of the year.
Later reports on the same subject show the cost of
the German colonies in the tropics to be far greater
than appears in that commercial statement. In a
debate on the subject in the Reichstag last week it
was shown on official reports that famine and sick
ness in German East Africa had devastated that col
ony. In the district of Tanga, for example, within
the year 1890 the population has been diminished
from 123,308 to 61,328, owing to famine, leprosy,
smallpox and typhoid fever. The condition of the
whole colony appears appalling. The trade of this
colony, which is thrice the size of Germany, is mag
nificent, but mostly with British India, while the cost
to Germany is fivefold the whole trade. The reports
from the other colonies are not much better.
It is not surprising to learn the publication of such
statistics has set the Germans to reflecting upon the
profit and toss of tropical colonies. It is pointed out
by the Cologne Yolks Zeitung that the imperial rail
way projects for the colonies now adopted amount
t0 '200,000.000 marks, while, on the other hand, Ger
man trade with the British colonies amounts to 500,
000,000 marks, without entailing a cent of expense.
This terrible experience of cost and waste and dis-
Party Reorganization Needs.
Fresno Republican.
The Call has a long article on party re
organization to the general effect that the
only reorganization the party needs Is to
oust the old leaders and select new ones,
whose character and record shall ¦be t a
guarantee that they will be leaders, not
bosses. Very good, but not quite enough.
What the party needs, above all things. Is
less centralization of organization. Let the
party committees of the several counties
run their own affairs, and let the State
committee be the product of these county
organizations, and it will not make much
difference what sort of leaders San 'Fran
cisco sets up. They can hurt no one but
San Francisco. And, 'for that matter, the
main reorganization the party needi H
spiritual regeneration, and that It has al
ready. So long ns that lasts th* rule of
the bosses is impossible, -r <
Decency Must Stand Guard.
. Niles Herald.
It Is said that "Colonel Dan's" desire to
ncaln attempt to gain a seat In the United
States Benate will "depend upon the com
plexion of the Legislature and the caliber
of the members returned. If this is so It
will stand the decent element in the Re
fmbllcan party to be on guard and see to
t . that only such men are sent to nom
inating conventions this fall as will exact
an Iron-clad pledge from nominees to un
der any and all clrcmstanc.es keep the
archconspirator out of the possibilities.
See to It that the "complexion and cali
ber" of the legislators are such that self
confessed embezzlers and criminals will
not dictate who shall represent the State
In the national councils. .
The Fastest Train Across the Con
tinent.
The California Limited. Santa F» Root*.
Connecting; trains leave at 5 p. a. Monday.
Wednesday. Friday and Saturday. Finest
equipped train and best track of any lin« to
the Bast. Ticket office. «S Market street.
The residents of the Western Addition have pro
tested to the Board of Education against too much
"home study" for their children. The "independents"
of the di?t<ict have evidently reached the conclusion
that they have learned enough lessons in "reform"
San Francisco to satisfy them for a while.
Add twenty droi>« of Dr. Slegert's Angos-
tura Bitters to rvery glass of Impure watsr ywx
drink.
Personally Conducted Excursions
In Improved wide-vestlboled Pullman tmuist
¦leepln* cars via Santa Fe Rout«. Exp«ii-ne«<l
excursion conductors accompany thes« excur
sions to look after the welfare of passengers.
To Chicago and Kansas City eyery Sunday.
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every 'Wednesday. To St. Louis
erery Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday and
Friday. Ticket office. S2S Market street.
Divorce Suits Filed.
- Suits for divorce have been filed by
Elizabeth Edwards against Harry Ed
wards for cruelty, A. A. •Waltecspeil
against Annie S. Waltenspiel fordesertion.
and Mary A. Doughty -against Charle* E.
Doughty for desertion.
Gulllef s Ip« Cream and Cakes. SOS Larkln st.»
CaL glace fruit 60c per R> at Townsend's.'
6p#clal Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by ta»
Press Clipping: Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery atreet. Telephone Main 1043. • •
GRAND JURY AND THE PERJURERS
GRAND JURIES have not in recent years per
formed a very notable or vigorous part in the
administration of law in San Francisco. Their
investigations have never been sufficient to do more
than alarm the more timid of wrongdoers, and their
reports, instead of being statements of actions taken,
have been explanations and apologies for the lack of
Over and over again juries have submitted reports
declaring a moral conviction of the existence of va
rious forms of crime and wrongdoing in the com
munity, but alleging an impossibility to obtain evi
dence that would lead to conviction in a court of law.
The present Grand Jury has better luck than its pre
deccisors. It has an opportunity to take steps toward
the prosecution of perjurers, and the evidence to con
vict is ready at hand. Simpton's affidavit that he,
while Justice of the Peace, married James G. Fair
and Mrs. Nettie R. Craven, on the one side, and his
counter affidavit that the first is false, make a clear
case so far as he it concerned. It appears the Grand
Jury has nothing to do but to indict in order to
bring about the conviction of that offender on his
own testimony.
In prosecutions of this kind it is inevitable that one
step sliaJl lead to another. The investigation of Simp
ton's offense will entail the investigation of other
offenses. Simpton claims he made his affidavit con
cerning the marriage for the purpose of trapping
Mrs. Craven, and asserts he was acting at the time
under the advice of his counsel, Sylva. Now Sylva
is an attorney indeed, but one who has been de
barred from the higher courts and forced to confine
his practice to Justice and Police courts. The fact
that tuch a man has been the counsel of Simpton does
not in any way add credibility or respectability to the
client. It serves no other purpose than that of show
ing the Grand Jury in what direction to push further
investigations.
Simpton lias stated that the Fair lawyers promise. 1
him protection from a prosecution for perjury, and
Sylva has stated that Mrs. Craven entered into a con
tract to pay him $30,000 to procure perjured testi
mony. Here are two other matters to which the
Grand Jury must give attention. By what privilege of
the bar do the attorneys in a case before the courts
assure perjurers of immunity from punishment for
the crime? How is it that an attorney, disbarred, it
is true, but still an attorney, has in his possession
written evidence of an attempt to obtain perjured tes
timony to be used in a suit before the courts, and yet
makes no effort to bring the guilty person to jus
tice?
To the general public it matters little which of the
contending parties in this case obtains possession of
the Fair millions. It is a matter, however, of grave
public concern that the subornation of perjury shall
be punished so thoroughly and so drastically that the
practice of it in our courts will be shunned by even
the boldest villains. To that end the prosecutions of
the admitted perjuries in this case should be carried
so far as to bring within the net of the law all the of
fenders who contrived, connived at, aided, abetted
or promised to protect the perjurer in the crime. Be
they rich or be they poor, they should be brought to
.answer in the courts they have attempted to degrad;,
and be judged by the justice they have sought to vio
late.
SETTLERS AND LEASES.
A MOVEMENT against the leasing of grazing
lands on the public domain has been started at
Prineville, Or. At a meeting held there a pro
test was framed, of which a copy has been sent
to The Call
We are entirely in sympathy with the declarations
and avowed purpose of the protest, and would de
cline to give any support to a measure which antag
onized them. The action of the meeting recites: "It
is apparent that under the provisions of the proposed
law leased public lands would be withdrawn from set
tlement, and the existing public land laws of the
United States would be nullified."
An examination of the Foster bill does not support
this statement. The first section of the bill says:
"That such of the vacant public lands, west of the
ninety-ninth meridian of longitude, west from
Greenwich, as, in the judgment of the Secretary' of
Agriculture, are more valuable for grazing than for
other uses, shall be subject to lease for grazing pur
poses." To enact that will not nullify any existing
law, for there is no law under which the arid grazing
lands may be acquired by the actual settler for farm
ing purposes, nor is there any under which such lands
can pass to private ownership in grazing "tracts. A
homesteader on arid lands is compelled by law to.
irrigate and reduce to tillage his tract within a fixed
time. Upon lands in the arid districts that are more
valuable for grazing than other purposes the home
steader cannot do this, for lack of water so placed
that it can be used for irrigation. The grazing lands,
therefore, are not valuable for any other purpose than
grazing, and as that is their sole value they are sub
ject to selection by the Secretary of Agriculture.
The people in the part of Oregon from which this pro
test comes have an object lesson before them. The river
Dcs Chutes country was once the most valuable graz
ing ground in the West. The bunch grass grew there
so luxuriantly that it was cut for hay. But the land
was commons. It was overstocked with cattle. The
forage was exhausted below the point of support for
cattle, and sheep followed, as they do everywhere
upon the appearance of such conditions.
An officer of the Agricultural Department, who has
personally inspected the Western ranges, says: "Ever
since the homestead act was passed in 1862 the agri
cultural settlement of the public lands has extended
rapidly westward, and as a result there now remains
scarcely any public land east of the one hundredth
meridian. West of that line, in the arid and sub
arid regions, the homestead act has proved only a
limited success, the extent of its success coinciding
with the extent of well-watered land in the vicinity
of springs, streams and lakes'. The settler could not
support himself on 160 acres of arid land, and in con
sequence these lands have remained unsettled. Under
the common law, and in the absence of special enact
ments to the contrary, public lands are commons, and
the settlers at once availed themselves of their com
mons rights by turning their stock out to graze on
the lands in question. So profitable was the result,
particularly with cattle, that it was not long before
large companies were formed and millions of cattle
occupied the vacant lands of the arid regions. The
natural grass crop that had previously gone to waste
was now transformed into national wealth. Finally,
however, the cattle became so numerous that there
was not grass enough to support them properly, and
the overgrazing of the arid region began. Then fol
lowed a pushing and crowding for grazing lands. The
sheep-owners crowded the cattle-owners by running
their sheep on the best range, and grazing an area so
closely that cattle had to be removed from the coun
try or starve. .The result of all this has. been bad
feeling, lawlessness and the destruction of life and
property."
We are sure that the people of the Prineville re
gion in Oregon will recognize the correctness of this
description. That part of Oregon is now being eaten
out by sheep, following the decline of the ranges by
overstocking with cattle. The sheep will soon finish
what is left, and will follow up the retreating cattle
upon other ranges, until the destruction of the forage
on the arid grazing lands will be complete. If the Print
ville protest is sincere, if it is really in the interest of
the actual settler, it raises an issue that cannot be
properly made against the Foster bill. If it uses the
settler merely as a pretext for continuing things as
they have been on the ranges, it is not worthy of
attention.
The number of cattle in Wyoming declined 50 per
cent and in value $15,632,204 in twelve years, under
the existing system, and the same record applies to
the whole arid grazing region.
If these lands that cannot be homesteaded, that are
not susceptible of agricultural settlement and are of no
value for other purpose than grazing, are not pro
tected and recuperated by a leasehold policy now, in
a short time they will have no value for anything,' and
the beef supply of the country will injuriously and ir
reparably decline.
To these considerations we. invite the attention of
the protesting people of Prinevillc, and of all interests
in the arid grazing regions.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
F. J. HiM'd. a Ixw Angeles railroad man.
Is staying at the Palace. .
Rev. M. Coleman. a popular clergyman
of Marysvllle. la a guest at the Lick.
Frank J. Carolan came up from Bur
lingame yesterday and Is staying a.t the
Palace.
Btate Senator Thomas Flint Jr. Is reg
istered at th« Palace from his home la
San Juan.
James E. Bell, a prominent and wealthy
lumberman of Everett, Wash., is a guest
at the Grand.
T. M. Lane, the mining magnate, of
Knights Ferry, is one of the recent arri
vals at the Lick.
R. S. Bodman. a well known railroad
man of Los Angeles, is making a short
stay at the Lick.
Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Baldwin are regis
tered at the Palace from their boms Jri
Santa Clara County.
• Dr. W. W. Watkins, a leading medical
man of Moscow, Ind., is among the ar
rivals of yesterday at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. W. W. Dodge of Washing
ton, D. C, are at the Palace. wher» they
arrived yesterday from their home.
R. Lockey, a wealthy land owner and
mining man of Montana, is a guest at the
Palace, where he arrived last evening.
Baron M. A. Papken. a prominent resi
dent of Salt Lake City, is at the Licit,
while on a short visit' to San Francisco.
F. F. Rogers, a wealthy resident of Den
ver, who Is interested In various Colorado
mining properties, 13 a guest at the Pal
ace. -- :':
W. A. Johnson Is staying at the Grand.
Mr. Johnson Is prominently connected
with the management of the Hotel de!
Monte.
Dr. A. A. Finch, one of the best known
of the medical fraternity of Astoria, Or.,
is registered for a short stay at the Oc
cidental.
C. E. Bragg of Portland and John W.
Gunn, A. N. Giesy and B. B. Broomell o?
Salem constitute a party of Oregon in
surance men who are in this city, where
they arrived yesterday on business per
taining to their pursuits. . They are at the
Occidental.
THE CANAL TREATIES
THE ratifications of the Clayton-Bulwer treaty
were exchanged on July 4, 1850. The acquisi
tion of California and the extension of our Pa
cific Coast line had brought into prominence the
necessity of a ship canal across the isthmus. John
M. Clayton, Secretary of State, was named by the
Taylor administration to negotiate with Grtat Britain
"a convention relative to a ship canal by way uf
Nicaragua, Costa Rica, the Mosquito coast or any
part of Central America." In the negotiation Great
Britain was represented by Sir Henry Lytton-Bulwer.'
The ratifications were exchanged six days before Mil
lard Fillmore became President by the death of Tay
lor. The- treaty provides that: "The Governments of
the United States and Great Britain hereby declare
that neither the one nor the other will ever obtain or
maintain for itself any exclusive control over the said
ship canal, agreeing that neither will ever erect or
maintain any fortification commanding the same, or
in the vicinity thereof, or occupy, or fortify, or colo
nize, or assume or exercise any dominion over
Nicaragua, Costa Rica, the Mosquito coast or any
part of Central America."
It was further agreed that when such ship canal is
constructed the United States and Great Britain "will
guarantee the neutrality thereof." We believe there is
no evidence that that treaty has ever been abrogated,
either affirmatively or by implication. It was desired
by the United States, because Great Britain was at
that time the only nation that could expect to succeed
in constructing a canal across the isthmus. Not long
after it was made some steps were taken by our Gov
ernment preliminary to construction. Lieutenant
Strain was sent to make a survey, and accomplished
an exploration, with many interesting adventures.
At the close of President Arthur's administration a
treaty was made by Secretary Frelinghuysen between
the United States and the Governments of Costa
Rica and Nicaragua, which gave to us sovereignty
and dominion of the canal line. Such abandonment
of their own sovereignty, however, was not made by
those Governments without a price. They exacted
that the United States should at all times defend and
maintain their territorial integrity!
This treaty of course violated the Clayton -Bulwer
convention, for it assumed dominion. President
Cleveland withdrew it from the Senate immediately
after his inauguration in 1885, and in his first regular
message referred to it in these terms: "I am unable
to recommend propositions involving paramount
privileges of ownership or right outside of our own
territory, when coupled with absolute and unlimited
engagements to defend the territorial integrity of the
state where such interests lie. * * * The lapse of
years has abundantly confirmed the wisdom and fore
sight of those earlier administrations which, long be
fore the conditions of maritime intercourse were
changed and enlarged by the progress of the age, pro
claimed the vital need of interoceanic transit across
the American isthmus and consecrated it in advance
to the common use of mankind by their positive
declarations, and through the formal obligations of
treaties." In this he undoubtedly recognized the
Clayton-Bulwer treaty as in force, and the Freling
huysen treaty as in violation of it. In his message,
arguing the necessity of a neutral canal, he quotes
Cass in 1858: "What the United States want in Cen
tral America, next to the happiness of its people, is
the security and neutrality of the interoceanic routes
which lead through it."
The whole record of the subject reveals this desire
for a neutrality which cannot exist over a fortified
waterway.
The nation must regard honorably its treaty obli
gations, and that those assumed in the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty still exist seems indisputable. But sup
pose they do not. Even then we cannot fortify the
canal, and establish over it a garrison police, and a
military patrol of Lake Nicaragua or Managua, .with
out the consent of Nicaragua and Costa Rica. They
are in the family of nations, and, being jealous of
their sovereignty, will not surrender it without an
equivalent.
Are the opponents of the Hay-Pauncefote treaty
prepared to support such a convention as the Freling
huysen treaty, by which we assume the responsibility
of their military defense against all comers, and re
serve no ripht to limit or control the cause of quar
rels in' which they may engage? It is readily seen
that, assured of defense by the United States, they
have nothing to lose by truculence and recklessness,
and their broils would never end, nor would the ex
pense of their defense in every quarrel, furnished at
our cost.
This Government can abrogate the treaty with
England, and it is probable, as has been said in Lon
don, that England would not object, but the dangers,
difficulties and cost come after such action. Who is
willing to take the responsibility of assuming them?
SERPENTINE BOAT TO
BREAK OCEAN RECORD
Craft to Run JLike a Screw, and Is Expected
to Go a Mile a Minute and Cross the
Atlantic in Three Days.
JAMES GRESHAM of Brooklyn Is preparing: to build the first of his serpentine
boats for the syndicate headed by W. J. ArkelL
¦It Is expected that this type of boat will cross the ocean In less than three
days, drlvlnjj Itself like a screw through the water at the rate of sixty miles
an hour, and It Is the Intention of the syndicate to try to procure the contract
for carrying the trans-AtlantJc malls. Mr. Gresham Believes his boat, which Is to
be built at Newport News, will be ready for her trial spin In about six months.
The Gresham boat will probably be the strangest looking craft that ever sailed
the seas. It will look more like a sea serpent than anything else, with a body
like an elongated Rugby football and a prow and stern curving up Into the air
like the ends of an ancient galley. Around the body will be the big spiral fianga
which Is to give to It Its forward motion as the outer shell of the ship revolves
rapidly.
HOW THE QUEER CRAFT WILL BE BUILT.
The boat will consist of two sections, one within the other. The "Inner shell
will be shaped like a cigar, round in the middle and tapering to a point at each
end. A round tube will extend from It fore and aft, turning upwartt and outward
like a swan's neck. It will terminate in an open mouth, which wlll.be the venti
lator of the ship. Around the neck will be a gallery. This will be the deck of
tho ship, the only open place in the whole vessel. The after gallery will be used
for the wheelhouse and the forward balcony for the bridge.
This inner hull will be swung like a hammock In the outer shell, which com
pletely envelops It, letting only the bow and stern protrude. It rests on ball
bearings, which, Mr. Gresham says, reduce the friction to almost nothing.
All the machinery is stowed In the bottom of the inner hull, so as to balance
It and keep it stationary. Penetrating the lower section of the hull is a revolv
ing shaft, which Is geared to the outer hull. By revolving this shaft the outer
ehell is spun around the inner hull.
Around the outer hull is wound the great steel flange, which Is th© main prin
ciple of the device.
HOW IT WILL GET ITS GREAT SPEED.
"This Is the great Archimedean screw," said Mr. Gresham to me yesterday.
"Archimedes said that If he had room for a fulcrum he could lift the earth.
Well, in this case we make the water our fulcrum. The hull of the boat, oper
ated from within, revolves, and the. flange drives the vessel forward. I should
say that the speed of such a boat is limited only by the strength of the material
used In Its construction.
. "The boat we Intend to build will be BO feet long, 11 feet in diameter in the
middle, will weight about 11V& tons, and have a displacement of less than four
tons. It will be built of fine steel, and the flange will be 11 Inches wide at Its
widest part.
"Three revolutions would drive the boat Its own length. We would probably
run her at one hundred revolutions a minute, although I believe we could make
four hundred turns. But at one hundred she would be making a speed of sixty
miles an hour and would cross the Atlantic In less than three days."
Mr. Gresham will not disclose the nature of the power he win use in turning;
the vessel. He says It is a secret power of his own discovery.— New York Herald.
flnnc**. Mlm MIHIp Koehman. About fifty
people m*t th»* happy young couple and
upent a delightful evrninic.
LAY ON, MACDUFF.
"I named my youngest daughter Macduff."
"What for?"
"Because I want her to lay on."
TUE5DAY...........: FEBRUARY 20, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor:
Address A!i Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager^
I'IOLICITIOK OFFlCE.. Wsirlcct and Third. S. F.
i>u*kM« w«in men.
•EDITORIAL. K00M5....217 to 221 B<fT*nios St.
Trlrskoae Mala 1*74.
Delivered by C«rri#*r«, 15 Cent* P«-r W>«>lc.
fetnsrle Copies. Q Cents.
Term* by Ma.ll. Including Pontagei
IJAII > CALL, dnrludlnc Suaday). one xear.,»6.00
IMII.> CALL (lncladlur Sunday). 6 niontbs. . 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including: Ssnday). 3 months.. 1.00
I>AIL¥ CALL. — By t> lntel*- Month CSc
!-i Mia) CALL One Vrar J .r,o
WICICIvLV CALL One Year 1.00
All iivtiui«*irri sire authorised to recelv«
m « l» » oi-J ptluua.
fracuple ooplei will be forwarded vrhen reqoetted
OAKJ.AMJ OFFICE 1118 Broadvray
C. GI2OIIVK KROCN'ESS.
B«s>gtr J «rfltn Ad»«rtUinp. M«r«Brll« Hnlld
ln«-. Calcasro.
KKW YORK COKRESPOJCDESTi
C. C CAJtLTOft IleraJd Saoare
CHICAGO Mi US >TA.M)4i
fcherman Uounei P. O. A'evr> Co.i Great JTortb.
•«u Uuirl; Frruont U«o*r| Auditorium Hotel.
KEW YORK KEYVS 6TABTDS«
VV»ld«rt-A»i</ii* Iluii-li A. Brentano, 81 Union
Csasrci Murray Hill lioteL.
BTBW YORK REPRESENTATIVE!
Jl-Jt.li > 1.l lilies JK 29 Trlbnao Bufldlair
UiSMJSoHjS (1). C.) OFFlCE.. Welllnsrton Hotel
J. F. EAULISU, Correspondent.
GHAKrn OFFICES— -62T Montsromery. corner of
Clay, open noill Bi3O a'clock. 300 Ilayea,
• pen until W:3O o'clock. 413U McAllister, open
until :>.:',<t o'clock. «Jl6 Larkla, open until
!<:.'.'» o'clock. IU4I Mission, open en til JO
o'clock. 22<il Market, corner Sixteenth, open
nntll U o'clock. XQitH Valencia, open until O
o'clock. lOC Eleventh, open until O o'clock.
SW. corner Ttventy-aecond and Kentucky,
open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Oryhenm — VaudevlUa.
Tivoli— "Th* Idol's Eye."
Grand Oixra-b-juse — "Aia££ln Jr."
California— "Who Xj Who?"
Aifcambra— J^ffne6-Sfcarker Coolest Picture*.
Columbia— "The Serenade."
Alcazar— "The Prodigal Father."
Chutes, Zou and Theater— Vaudeville every afteroooa and
•venlnc
O:ymj/!a. corner ©f Maaon and Eddy etreets— Specialties.
\V«-*t*rn Turf Association— Rac»« to-<Uy.
AUCTION SALES.
My Kcsr York Auotlon Co. — Tfcls d&y, tt 11 o'clock. Govern-
U-f i i suri'lie*. at £16 Washington street.
By VVm. G. I^yng— ThU evening, at 8 o'clock, rac* horses,
bt 7;l Howard urett.
liy U Seh&Wer— ThU day, at t o'clock, at SOS Waablogton
etrtet, Oaklai:4, Imported rugs.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERYjtnd SUPPLIES.
AMALOAMATORS^
SAVE GOLD— Kroeb Mfß. Co.. J Stevenson
it. Amalgamators. Sand Centrifugal Pomps.
ROTARY AMALOAMATORi.
MOORE Improved Gold Separator St Rotary
Amalgamator on exhibition. «3 Stevenson su
BEACH GOLD CONCENTRATOR.
EAVES All the Gold by gravitation. No qulck-
,llver. Hand or power. In operation 14 Bpcf .
STEA.H ENOINES.
Call and see tne lightest, cheapest, special Cap*
Nome steam engine; working parts completely
inclosed; |oa to $255 for 1 to 20 horsepower;
weights 90 to 1400: one operating at TUX E.V.
OINEERING AN'b SUPPLY CO.. 619 Howard.
GASOLINE ENGINES.
HERCULES GAS KNGTNE WORKS U flTUn*
large numbers of orders for Norn*. 141-11)
First st.. S. F.
OILS.
LUBRICATING Oil. Cruds Oil and Gasoline
ENSIGN & McGCFFICK. U Spear St.. 8. V.
SAND CENTRIFUOAL PU.WPS.
Lift GoU-Bearlng Sands perfectly. In op«rm-
tlon at Cg Sixth st. BYRON JACKSON.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Supply .fresh or salt water for sluic* boxes-
high or low lifts. Slnonds. a Market st.
ENGINES. BOILERS. ETC.
BAKER £ HAMILTON. Engines and Botlars-
lowest prices en th« coast. Pin* A Davis staT
HENSHAW.BL'CKUTACO.Piim r .tn..m. M
Ga**lln« Engines. Boilers, it aad 23 Fremont.
J TENTS AND COVERS. "
NEVILLE It CO.. manufacturers, ban, tenUL
covers. Jl and 33 CaUf omliTst
6Original Guatemala Lottery Company
The following are the numbers <Jf the princi
pal prlz«s drawn on the 18th day of February
1900, of. the Original Guatemala Lottery: No.
43348. $4000; No. 4832, $1500; No. 69243, $750; No.
92387, $260. . . • •
KEPNER IDENTIFIES
ADAMS IN THE HOSPITAL
Arrested Man Says He Was Attacked
and Shooting Was Entirely
Accidental.
Gilbert Adams, the barber who shot his
employer, E. S. Kepner, at 44 O'Farrell
street Sunday afternoon and was arrest
ed at Santa Clara that night, was brought
bacK by Detective P. Sullivan yesterday
afternoon. He was at once taken to th©
Receiving Hospital by Sullivan and De
tective Reynolds, and when Kepner saw
him h<» paid: "That's the man that shot
me."
Adams was then taken before Chief
Sullivan and made practically the same
statement as was published yesterday
morning. He claimed that Kepner struck
him first and was on top of him when he
pulled tho revolver out of his pocket and
It accidentally exploded. He denied em
phatically that Kepner's wife had any
thing to do with their quarrel, and said
that he had only spoken to her four times
all the time he lived in the house. He was
locked up in "the tanks" pending the re
sult of Kepner's injuries:
Kepner was resting easily yesterday,
and the doctors think there Is a good
chance for his recovery. The Internal
hemorrhage seems to. have stopped.
CHIEF SULLIVAN
STRIKES IT THE
"UPPER OFFICE"
Announces Several
Changes.
HEAD CLERK IS APPOINTED
SERGEANT FRANK H. NORMAN
THE LUCKY MAN.
Sergeant Colby Made Register Clerk
in the Property Clerk's Office
and Sergeant Fitzhenry
Complaint Clerk.
Chief of Police Sullivan Is rapidly
familiarizing himself with the duties of
his office and his quiet investigations with
in the past few days have led him to make
certain changes which he announced yes
terday afternoon. The moot prominent
is the appointment of Sergeant Frank H.
Norman, to be clerk to the Chief, which
entitles him to a salary of $200 per month.
Norman has been in the "upper" offlce for
some years and is a most capable and
courteous officer. VThen Clerk Wright re
tired on a pension, prior to the new year,
Norman was temporarily placed in the
position, but later was transferred to the
general offlce as complaint clerk, a posi
tion occupied by Sergeant H. 11. Colby
for a number of years. .Colby became
clerk to the Chief.
The position of complaint clerk In the
"upper office has been given to Sergeant
John T. Fltzhenry, the "sweet singer" of
the department, and an efficient officer,
and Colby has been assigned to the posi
tion of register clerk In tha property
clerk's offlce.
Sergeant Reuben "Wolf, who has for two
or three years been assigned to duty In
the City Prison, has been ordered to re
port to Captain Splllane for duty as pa
trol sergeant, and Policeman C. Donohoe,
RECENT SCIENTIFIC DISCOVERIES.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
Xote— These papers on Practical Science have been prepared for The Call's Home Study
Circle by Professor William J. Hopkins of Drexel Institute.
Army Inspector Tests the Workings of the Disappearing Carriages.
weighs more than thirty, tons, and
when it is discharged the carriage
should be so well balanced that the re
coil will bring the gun down gently to
the loading position without damaging
the mechanism and always Just far
enough to allow It to be locked In place
until another charge has been driven
home and the gun is ready for another
shot. It Is evident that a great deal
of the efficiency of the carriage de
pends upon the way the gun is bal
anced and the manner in which the re
coil mechanism performs its duties.
The best results can only be obtained
after the theoretical calculations , are
supplemented by actual firing. The
guns tested yesterday fulfilled every
expectation.
With the mortars the problem is not
so difficult. The mortar is not mount
ed on a disappearing carriage, and the
only duty the carriage has to perform
is to stand the shock of the discharge
and absorb the recoil. The backward
kick of the gun is taken up by hy-
draullc cylinders, and when the gun
has reached the limit of Its backward
travel it is returned to its place by
hydraulic pressure. There is no neces
sity for balancing it, and its loading:
position is also its firing position. "With
the disappearing: mechanism the grun Is
loaded down on the carriage; It Is
raised above the parapet by hydraulic
pressure, and the shock of the recoil,
when the carriage works properly,
brings it down on the carriage just far
enough to allow it to lock itself until
it can be loaded again.
There are guns enough now In the
works on the Presidio hills to stop
anything that may try to float into
the harbor. All of the ten-Inch— and
there are fifteen or sixteen of them—
and two of the twelve-inch guns are on
disappearing carriages. There are
more twelve-inchers mounted above
the parapet, and in addition are sixty
four mortars and three of the largest
dynamite guns made.
ADVERTISEMENTS/
Free to the
Ruptured.
Dr. W. S. Rice, the Well-Known
Authcrlty, Sends a Trial of His
Famous Method Free to All.
Anyone Can Now Cure Themselves
at Home Without Pain, Danger,
Operation or an Hour's Loss of
Time From Work.
To the thousands upon thousands of ruptured
people who are torturing themselves with
trusses and !n momentary danger of death from
ctranrulaUon Dr. W. 8. Rice, 418 U Main
street. Adams, N.
§^-^^— V.. will Fend free
to all a trial of
AT r \-A>^v nls famous method
// j >* t \ \V that has saved so
ft I vm \i many lives and
/' ,*«»- *Q \\ made co many
i (I^^FSSI "tit< v rr- en . women und
j Ty^S^-^E) I children well and
\\ kL * z/f\ v- / strong and perma-
\v .^f^»v^V 2*^7 nently cured of old
I \"'Xi^***k.' 1* il "nd difficult rup-
A' :^V*wi«\ "*C*"7 lure?. Do not be
/*^rVt".fftrV'-M Mt^i backward about
W>^V'«ra tTj- EsY^ writing for the
f6F%vffif*R '*¥?>< free trUI - Xt wlu
\K&*fili***tWyE? a ccBt you no th I nit
\/&j4*3s>itJL' 4. f * n< * wl " enable
VfciS&Sr y° a t* 3 ••* now
Tjp»- J * easily you can cure
yourself In a very
M. K. LTMAN. short time without
loslnr an hour from work. Dr. Rice Is deter-
mined that every Buffering man or woman shall
know the wonderful truth that rupture can be
cured and he therefor* generously seDds. pre-
paid by mall, his method, absolutely free, and
you ran make a free trial of it. Write to-day
without fall, as you cannot aSord to miss this
free and generous offer.
Mr. M. K. Lyman, a highly esteemed citizen
of Delray. Fla.. says: "The Dr. Rice method Is
a remarkable cure. I had an old rupture that
defied everything, but In three weeks there was
no protrusion and I have remained sound and
well ever since. I heartily recommend Dr. Rice
to every sufferer." Do not fall to write at once
for th* free trial and thus cure yourself at home
without pain, danger or detention from tha
day's work. Write at once. Commence now
and before the heavy work of spring begin* you
will be cured sound as a dollar.
Writ* to Dr. W. S. Rice. 418 U Main St..
Adams. N. T. You will never regr*t having
•one so.
4W AV ?SJS Just as
Ti «Es|r You like
Hb HCatga wish, and we ex-
§jjg jflF^fc trnd credit,
Bl IKu whether it be a
H dfifiiT acl[et ' Ca P 8 Or
JK| Fur Garment.
is%%^Zft Our rric*s for
w|§S%gg?;l credit are as low
,|ppP|||| as strictly caah
4«a22|ggS' Open Evenlntrs.
Alii
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
TELEPHONE MAIN £32.
CROWDED EVERT NIGHT.
...HOLIDAY MATINEE THURSDAY. ..
Immense Success of the Third Edition of
ALADDIN JR.
DON'T MISS THE IRISH CAKEWALK.
USUAL. POPUUAR PRICES. -
Good Reserved Seat In Orchestra at Thurs-
day and Saturday Matinee. 23 cents.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
I REMARKABLE BILL OF ALL GOOD THINGS
KATHRYN OSTERMAN AND COMPANY,
HARRIS & FIELDS: DE WITT & BURNS;
HAPPY FANNY FIELDS; CUBHMAN,
HOLOOMBE & CURTIS; MONROE &. MACK;
DEETS * DON: ROMALO BROTHERS:
AMERICAN BIOORAPH.
Reserved Seats, 26c; - balcony, 10o; opera
zhalrs and box seats, 60c.
Matlness Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
SPECIAL MATINEE THURSDAY,
Wash'ngtoi's Birthday.
Tickets Now on Sale. '.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
CHUTES AND^OO. K jr^.T 0 '
MAJOR MITE; LJLLIAN YON TTLS©: th*
31-.ACK BARTONS: OUHANA: PAUL t\
TIIOIX: GEORGE BIRD; VOLKTRA and
MEW MOVING PICTURES.
Special! Amateur Night To-morrow, Wednes-
lay, instead of Thursday. Balloon Ascension
md Fireworks— Washington* Birthday; Phone { ',
or Seat*— Park 23. j
THE puns In the works above
Fort Point were tested yester
day by Captain C. H. Clark of
the Benicla Arsenal. There are
emplaced a number of. the new ten
inch rifles mounted on disappearing
carriages that have never been given
an actual trial, and It was the desire of
the department that ali of these should
be tried under a service charge. The
mortar batteries also have not been
thoroughly tested, nor were they thor
oughly tested yesterday morning, but a
shot from one mortar in each pit was
taken. There are four pits with six
teen mortars in each.
The test was not 6o much a trial of
the guns as it was of the carriages.
The guns have all been thoroughly
tested at the proving grounds and
there is no doubt of their ability to
stand any strain the service may put
upon them, but with the carriages it
is another matter. A "disappearing"
carriage is almost as delicately bal
anced as a gold scale. Each gun
Business Women Incorporate.
Articles of Incorporation of the Business
Woman's Club were filed with tha County
Clerk yesterday. The objects of the '¦ in
corporation are to bring together and fur
ther the social relations of women en
faged in the business persuits of life. : The
lrectors are Mrs. E, Bradley. . Mrs. &
Johnson, : Mrs. A. Bradley, Mary,- Gorman
an4_ Jcsepbta© Richards..
YouAreThinklngof Getting Married?
Well, ret your carpets when they are the low-
est price for a superior quality of roods and
work.. Fin* texture, well woven. Every known
make and pattern. Indianapolis Furniture Co.,
750 Mission street. •
Trustees Sell Smiths' Cash Store.
A long meeting of the trustees for the
creditors of Smiths' Cash Store was held
yesterday in the rooms of the Board of
Trade. The outcome of the deliberations
was announced later by Trustee T. J. Par
sons. He said that the trustees had sold
the store to Harvey H. Dana, the presi
dent of the Dana power plant. He would
not say what sum was paid nor give any
statement concerning the future of the
business, saying that Mr. Dana might be
prepared to | make a statement on that
point to-morrow. The committee of nine
appointed at the recent meeting of the
creditors of Smiths' Cash Store will meet
to-day and . the trustees will then report
to them what has been done. This news
will surprise the creditors, for the meet-
Ing was concluded only late in the after
noon. Mr. Dana will take charge of the
business to-day. The trustees , wero in
charge yesterday. They are T.J. Par
sons, S. Nickelsberg and M. Schweitzer.
1. UQUID AIR.
The "Permanent Oases."
But a short generation ago, as genera
tions are usually reckoned, men still spoke
with some confidence of the "permanent
gases." This term, when it was Intro
duced, meant those substances which oc
curred only in the stage of gas. such as
oxygen, nitrogen and hydrogen, and which
it was originally thought could not possi
bly be made to become liquid or solid.
As interest In the matter grew and suc
cessive experiments, scattered, perhaps,
over long intervals of years, accomplished
the change for one gas after another, the
list of the so-called "permanent gases
grew smaller and smaller, until there re
mained but the three. These successfully
resisted all efforts to liquefy them, al
though It was generally recognised by the
most advanced scientific men that there
was needed only a greater perfection in
method to change them also, and that
every substance, under appropriate condi
tions, would assume the solid or the liquid
or the gaseous state. "Permanent" gas
had then come to mean only a gas which
was very difficult to liquery. The term,
however, has now no 'meaning, for ther*
is no known gas which has not been con
verted into liquid.
Early Experiments.
The first important step in thi3 line of
work may be said to be marked by Fara
day's liquefaction of chlorine gas. Some
few experiments before this seemed to
have some measure of success, but they
were isolated and in most cases doubtful.
In 1823, however, Faraday, who was then
Sir Humphry Davy's assistant In tha
Royal Institution, tried an experiment, at
Davy's suggestion, which had important
and unexpected results. In a closed tube
of thick glass he heated a substance
which produced chlorine gas. Davy was
not present, but Dr. Parts, a friend mt
Davy, happened to be. The anecdote has
been often told, but it is worth repeating
here.
Both Davy and Dr. Paris were to dine
out. and the doctor, . finding himself
dressed, with time to spare, dropped In at
the laboratory of the Royal Institution,
where Faraday, the assistant, had been
left to work. He found Faraday heating
something in a tube, and glancing at it
he rallied the experimenter on using un
clean vessels, calling his attention to an
oily substance in the tube. Faraday
looked, acknowledged the Justice of the
remarks and' Immediately proceeded to
file off the end of the tube. Immediately,
to the surprise of both, there was a vio
lent explosion and the oil vanished.
Dr. Paris went off to his dinner and
Faraday went on with his work, and on
the following day the doctor, was sur
prised to receive this note: "Dear Sin
The oil you noticed yesterday turns out
to be liquid chlorine. Yours faithfully.
M. Faraday."
This was the beginning, and It was not
lone before Faraday and Davy had suc
ceeded in converting to the liquid form
several gases. Including ammonia, nitrous
oxide— the "laughing gas" of to-day-'-and
carbon dioxide, or "carbonic add gas."
This carbon dioxide is a gas of tha most
common occurrence. It is produced by
respiration and by combustion of any
kind— respiration is but one form of com
bustion — and la a constituent of atmos
pheric air in pretty definite and constant
Eroportioris. The balance Is maintained
y the action of plants, which break It
up. digest the carbon and set free the
oxygen again. Carbon dioxide proved to
be comparatively easy to liquefy and even
to solidify, and was for many years Im
portant in work of this kind, being used
in the liquid or the solid form to produce
low temperatures.
There came now a break of many years
in Faraday's work upon gases, and In this
interval the name tbat stands out most
prominently is probably that of Thllorier.
He succeeded. in producing liquid carbon
dioxide in large quantities and in solidi
fying it at 100 degrees below zero centi
grade without compression. This solid
moistened with ordinary ether is known
as "Thllorler's mixture," and will pro-
duce a temperature of 110 degrees below
zero centigrade, or 166 degrees below zero
Fahrenheit. Some unsuccessful attempts
were made to liquefy hydrogen and oxy
gen by pressure alone. We should know
now that such attempts could not possi
bly succeed.
In 1545 Faraday, stimulated by the work
of Thllorier, began again to experiment
upon gases. He succeeded in liquefying
many— their names would be familiar
only to the chemist— and In solidifying
some of them. The liquids were, as a
rule, transparent and colorless and the
solids crystalline, transparent or trans
lucent. He was not. successful In lique
fying the "permanent" gases, bat he pre
dicted that if a low enough temperature
could be produced they would pass Into
the liquid or the solid state, and he hoped
to see oxygen, nitrogen and hydrogen,
"either as liquid or solid bodies, and tho
latter probably as a metal." This last
has proved not to be the case, for tha
solid hydrogen Is distinctly non-metallic,
according to the statements of the exper
imenters who have obtained it.
Others were working at the same prob
lem, but none of them succeeded in solv
ing it, although Natterer produced In his
apparatus the enormous pressure of 3COO
atmospheres— about 54,000 pounds to tha
square inch.
The Passing of the "Permanent Gas."
At the meeting of the French Academy
on December 24, 1877. two communications
were read. One was from Cailletet. and
had been In the care of a member of tha
academy for three weeks. In It Cailletet
wrote, under the date of December 2,
1877: "I have to tell you first, without
losing a moment, tbat 1 have to-day lique
fied oxygen. • • •" He seemed to feel
some hesitation In making so broad a
statement, for he had produced only "a 
mist so dense" that he "inferred the pres
ence of a vapor very near its point of
liquefaction;" and he was anxious to b«
able to "see oxygen flow."
The other communication was a tele
gram from Plctet. at Geneva, dated De
cember 22, 1377: "To-day I liquefied oxy
gen at a pressure of 320 atmospheres and
a temperature of 140 degrees (centigrade)
• • • At higher pressures Plctet suc
ceeded In obtaining an actual Jet of un
mistakably liquid oxygen, the liquid jet
surrounded by a mist of particles, prob
ably solid oxygen.
Greater successes followed quickly.
Cailletet soon produced liquid nitrogen —
only a - few drops, which remained but
three seconds; then liquid air, and finally
hydrogen In the form of a mist. Plctet
obtained hydrogen partially liquid and
probably partly solid. The "permanent"
gases were no more. All known gases
had at last been liquefied, although the
liquid obtained from the most refractory
had cost much more than its weight In
diamonds. More than half a century had
been spent In the slow evolution of effi
cient apparatus and much effort wasted
In futile methods of attack. The result
would probably have been reached some
years earlier If one property of gases,
which was not clearly set forth until late
In the '60s. had been understood at the
beginning. This Is the "critical tempera
ture" — a particular temperature for each
gas above which *no pressure, however
great, can convert the gas to liquid. That
some such condition must be fulfilled was
vaguely appreciated by the greater minds,
but It remained for Andrews to elucidate
the whole matter.
One more thing was to be dona before
the process of liquefaction of gases was
established on a satisfactory basis. Some
method must be perfected by which lique
fied gas could be produced in quantity at
a reasonable cost. This was accomplished
In the so-called "regenerative method," or
method of cumulative effect, in which no
cooling substance Is used except the gas
Itself. The principle Involved was al
ready thoroughly understood and had
formed a part of the process employed
by nearly everr successful experimenter,
but Its possibilities, aa applied to this
purpose, had not been appreciated.
Note— This study will bo oontlnuad. ou
Tu,esd.ay, jr»bjuarj rr 7.
PAY ON LEAVE
FOR CONTRACT
ARMY SURGEONS
One Result of Their
Organization.
BIG CONCESSION . SECURED
CONTRACTS BEING ANNTTLLED
AND NEW ONES ISSUED. '
?
Clause Placing Hired Doctors Nearly
on the Plane of Army Sur
geons—Chaplain Pierce
VV;-^; fo? the Presidio.
The organization of the acting assistant
surgeons of the army has borne fruit. Un
der a recent order from the 'surgeon gen
eral contracts are being annulled and new
ones are being Issued, and In the new ones
is Incorporated one of the things the act
ing assistant surgeons organized to se
cure. The new contracts allow contract
surgeons' pay during authorized absences.
When the acting assistant surgeons or
ganized in New York some months ago,
one of the grievances they set out to right
was the withholding of pay from contract
surgeons whenever, for any reason, they
were absent from duty. When a contract
surgeon became sick he was sent to the
military hospital, where he received good
care, but was charged a dollar a day for
his board. An officer Is not allowed
rations. He must keep himself. Acting
assistant surgeons are not commissioned,
but to the extent of paying board they
were considered officers. In the mean
time, while they were paying their dollar
a day,- their pay 'was stopped.
In the new contracts it is provided that
during leaves a contract surgeon shall re
ceive full pay. Contract surgeons are not
given vacations. They are hired at a time
when vacations for military men are at a
discount, and the only leave probable for
them is a uick leave.
Colonel Forwood, chief surgeon of the
department, is. calling in all the acting as
sistant surgeons In charge of transports,
and Is canceling their old contracts and
issuing new ones to them. It is a distinct
step forward in the position of the con
tract surgeons.
It is evident that some arrangement has
been arrived at between the surgeon gen
eral and the Auditor of the Treasury. Ha
It was who first refused to pay acting as
sistant surgeons when they were sick, on
the ground that their contracts called for
pay only for the time they were at work.
As to the legality/ of altering the contract
he was directly. silent, and it Is probable
the matter has been fixed up in some
shape that will* meet the scruples of the
.treasury auditor. and help the acting as
sistant surgeon out of the financial di
lemma that was vexing him.
¦ It is understood 1 at the Presidio that
Chaplain Pierce, the army chaplain who
came liom Manila with the body of Gen
eral Lawton and accompanied It East
will , be assigned to duty at the Presidio
to take the place made vacant by th« re
tirement of Chaplain Macomber. Chaplain
Pierce is well known In army circles on
this coast. -
Acting Assistant Surgeon Aubray F
Higgins has been assigned to duty at the
General Hospital. Major George "W.
Ruthers, commissary of subsistence, has
received a telegram from Senator Talia
ferro of ; Florida, which exonerates him'
from all blame charged against him as
the i outgrowth of the condemnation of a
lot of bad bacon while the troops were at
Tampa in the spring of 189 S. It can be
shown that Major Ruthers . was not In
Jacksonville, where the condemnation
took place, at the ' tima it was said he
made a corrupt contract for the sale of
the condemned bacon. ? Tho charges wer«
made by a service , detective .named Hoi- i
land. Hq is now being prosecuted for libels
who has for a few days been one of the
bailiffs in Judge Cabaniss* court, will re
port for duty to Captain Seymour in tho
prison. Policeman John Fleming, who
was through a misunderstanding removed
from the position of bailiff in Judge Ca
baniss' court, will report again for the
same duty. Policeman Arthur McQualde
has been transferred from the property
clerk's office to Captain Spillane's division
for patrol duty. Sergeant John Duncan
has been relieved from night duty In the
ofllce of the Chief, and will report to
Lieutenant Esola for duty as desk ser
geant.
The Chief intimated yesterday that
other changes would be made whenever
he considers that the department would
be benefited by them.
The Chief met the men of Company A
In the assembly room at the Central sta
tion at 5 o'clock in the afternoon with the
object of making himself known to them.
He briefly addressed them, urging them
to see that the rules and laws were en
forced, and he would always be their
friend. He praised them for their effi
ciency, and said that he intended to make
the department the most efficient on the
continent.
TWENTY LESSONS IN FRENCH CONVERSATION.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
Note — These lessons have been prepared for T*e Call's Home Study Circle by Professor
Benno Kirschbaum of Philadelphia. They are intended primarily for Americans who pur
pose attending the Paris Exposition. The lessens win lncluds (1). common French words
and phrases, (2) easy conversation and (3) simple readinr lessons.
PREMIERE !LECON. PRTJH-MYAIR
LE-SONG.
LESSON NO. 1.
Hints on Pronunciation.
1. The student will note at the outset
that there are sounds in the French Inn
guage for which there are no equivalents
in English. These can be represented by
means of English sounds, but very unsat
isfactorily.
2. The following are essentially French
sounds. They are nasal— that Is, they
sound through the nose: am, an, em and
en are pronounced like aun in aunt; aim.
eln, lm, in and ym are pronounced very
much like an in anxious; lan and len
sound like e-yon, viz., nance>; om and on
when not followed by another m are
sounded like on in long; eun, urn and un
have the sound of un in lung. • i
3. The above sounds may be Imitated i
more strongly by saying ang. ohng. ong
and ung. if the final derinite sound of g
is omitted and the nasal given. The nn?:\l
may be considered as a vowel with a
strangulated n after it, sounded at the
"top" of the nose.
4. Final consonants are generally miUe
In French.
5. The c (accented from right to left) has
the sound of ay In hay. and the c (accent
ed from the left to the right) the sound of
c in where. The final o (unaccented) his
no sound at all, while the c in the middle
of a word or syllable has the sound of v
in but.
6. Note well that all final consonants
are mute, except when followed by a word
commencing with a vowel, then the sound
of that consonant is usually blended with
that vowel. For Instance, vous— avez— ecrit
Is pronounced voo-za-vay zay-kree (you
have written). Such blending will be
marked throughout the lessons with a
small arch (.-) to connect the two
words.
7. Additional hints will be given In intro
ducing subsequent lessons.
Memory Exercises.
Much-Needed Words and Phrases.
1. French; francais; fron-sae.
2. English; anglais; ong-iae.
3. London; Londres; lon-dr.
4. England; I* Angleterre; long-gl-talr.
5. Paris; Paris ;.par-ree.
6. I do not speak French:
Je ne parle pas francais; zhuh- nuh
par-rl pah .
7. I do not understand;
Je ne comprends pas; con (g)
pron (g) pah.
Note— The student ¦will note that when pro
nunciation is omitted the same word or phrase
occurs in some previous exercise or lesson.
8. Do. you speak English?
Parlez-voua- anglais? parrl-lay voo
zong-lae.
9. Not well.
Pas bien; pah-bee-yn.
10. Do they speak English here?
Parle - t-^on«-anglais^icl? parrl - tong
lee-cee.
"11. Yes; oul, monsieur; wee muss-eeuh.
Ko; non, madame; nong ma-dahm.
Kate— The French add sir. madam or mlsa In
addressing persons.
12. How do you do?
Comment—allez-vouB? com-mong tal
lay voo.
13. Good-morning.
Bonjour; bong-jouhr.
14 Good evening.
Bonsoir; bong-swahr.
15. This way, miss.
• Par-icl, mademoiselle; parr-eecce,
mad-mwa-zell.
16. That way, gentlemen. i ; .
Par la. messieurs; parr-lah may
ssieuh.
17. How much? comblen? com-bee-yan.
18. If you please.
S'il vous plait: seel voo play.
19. Thank you; mercl; mairr-cee.
Note— At table. In refusing anything, "merci"
means "no, thank you."
20. Entrance; entree; aun-tray.
21. Exit; sortie; sorr-tee.
22. Private; salon reserve 1 ; sal-long rmy
ser-vay.
23. No admittance.
Le public n'entre p.is-iei; luh puhb
leek non-tr pah-zeecee.
24. To let; a lover; ah 100-ay.
25. Furnished rooms.
Chambres meubiees; sham-br raeuh
blay (or)
Chambres garni es: sham-br gar-ne«.
26. Bedroom to let; chambre a lover; —
ah 100-ay.
27. Refreshments; consommatlona; con-
Bommah-see-young.
28. How much la it? comblen>-'est-ce?
nace.
29. Ring; sonnez; son-nay.
&>. Kr.cck; frappez; frap-pay.
31. Hot water; de l'eau chaude; tluh-lo
showed.
32. Some soap; dv savon; doo esa-vonff.
33. Give me; donnez-moi; don-nay mwa.
M A towel.
L'ne serviette de toilette; unh sairr
vyet duh twal-lett.
35. Some matches; ues-allumettes; daz«
ailu-mett.
36. Come In; entrez; aun-tray.
37. Wait; attendez; at-tar.-day.
'in. Here it Is; le vnlci; luh vwa-cee.
There it \s; le voila; vwa-lah.
£>. Which Is tne train for Paris?
Ou est le train pour faris? oo ay luh
tra-hn poor .
40. I do not know; Je-ne sais pas; — —
say-pas.
The beginner is advised to learn theso
phrases tnoroughly. A small French-Eng
lish dictionary will help In interpreting 1
the literal meanings. Oo your best with
the pronunciation. You cannot get it per
fect. If you lived In Paris twenty years
your trench pronunciation would . still
stamp you as either English or American.
But you can make yourself understood
just as a Frenchman makes himself un
derstood in talking Kngltsh.
Easy Reading Exercise.
The reading lessons will supplement Ui«
conversational exercises. They will aid in.
making- students familiar with French
words in printed form and will also afford
excellent practice in pronunciation. The
student is expected to translate the exer
cise into English. A great many of the
words and phrases have already been
used In the conversational phrase 9.
Vocabulary.
Mot; word. Je viens; I come. Quitte;
left. Angleterre; England. Lundl: Mon
day. Matin: morning. Suis; am. Je suis;
I am. Arrive; arrived. Appartement:
rooms. Fenetre; window. Voila; there Is.
Veulllez; be so good as. Ferme; shut.
Aujourd'hui; to-day. Defense; prohibition.
Fumer; to smoke. Sais; know. Je sais;
I know.
Read and translate Into Encllsh:
1. Je suirt-ansrlals, je ne parle paa-un
mot de francals.
2. Je viens de Londres.
3. J'ai quitte 1 l'Angleterre lundl.
4. Je suis-arriv4 a Paris le soir.
5. Entrez mon-appartement meublfl.
S. J'ai vu "a iouer" duns la fendtre.
7. Voila le sorti.
8. Je ne comprends pas le franc.ais.
9. Parlez-vous francals?
10. Non, monsieur. Je ne parle pas fran
cais.
11. Veulllez m'apporter dv savon. <S©
l'eau chaude et r.ne serviette de toilette.
12. Ainsl que des-allumettes.
13. Le buffetwett fe.me aujourd'hul.
14. Defense de fumer dans cette cham
bre.
15. V a-t-il-'Une botte aux lettres dans
cetwhfttel?
16. Je ne sais pas.
Xote— The second lesson In this course
will be published on. Tuesday next. In ad
dition to the lessons in French conversa
tion the studies will include hints of spe
cial value to tourists relating to hotels,
cabs, restaurants, railways and Parisian
customs generally.
UNCLE SAM'S HIDE-AND-SEEK GUNS
BOOM LOUDLY ABOVE OLD FORT POINT
EMPLOYES REBEL AT
EXACTIONS OF BONDS
Charter Provision Requires Security
From All Officers Except La
borers — More Appoint
ments Announced.
The employes of the Board of Public
Works are greatly exercised over a provis
ion of\ the charter requiring adequate
bonds for all employes, except laborers, for
the faithful performance of their duties in
such sums as may be fixed by the Super
visors. This provision is to be rigidly en
forced, and in response to a request from
the Supervisors the Board of Public Works
yesterday submitted a statement as a sug
gestion for the fixing of bonds of Its em
ploye!!. The security demanded ranges
from J20.000, which the City Engineer is
obliged to give, to $500 for Janitors. Even
bricklayers, pavers and sewer cleaners
are not exempt, their bonds being placed
at $1000. Following is a complete list of
the bonds that are to be exacted:
General Office— Secretary, $10,000; clerk (over
$100), $SWX>; "clerk (JlOO and under). $3000; sten
ographer. $2000; messenger, 11000.
City Engineer's Office— City Engineer, $20,000;
chief assistant, $10,0C0; assistants. $5000; clerk
and draughtsman. (3000; li^-M assistant, $3000;
helpers. $1000; inspectors. $5000.
Kureau of Streetc— Principal office assistant.
$10,000; principal field assistant. $10,000; flleld
assistants, $S000; office assistants, $5000; book
keeper, K>000; assistant bookkeeper, $3000; cash
ier. JiOOO: clerks (over $100 per month), $5000;
clerks (SlOO and under). $3000; stenographer,
$20C0; messenger. $1COO; keeper corporation yard,
$3000;- assistant keeper, $1000; Inspectors, $5000;,
engineers. Fourth-street bridge, $5000; assistant
engineers. $1000; keeper of bridges, $3000; fore
men. $3000; bricklayers. $10"0: carpenters, $1000;
pavers, $100t); rammers, $1000; sewer cleaners,
$1000.
Public Buildings— Superintendent, $10,000; in
spector of buildlnc?, $JOC0; head carpenters,
J2500; carpenters. HOW); assistant carpenters,
J1000; engineers. toOCO; firemen, $2000; head
plumber. J2SCO; assistant plumber, $1000; ele
vator men. $1000; watchmen, $1000; head
painter. $2500; painter, $1000; head Janitor.
SJ&OO; janitors, $500; electrician, $1000; tinner,
JlOCO; clerk <over $100 per month), $5000; clerk
($lOO and under per month), $3000.
The following appointments were made:
Tinner. $3 50 p»r diem. Joseph E. Murray;
painter, $3 50 per diem. Mat Heyfron; foreman,
14 per diem. William Curtis; laborers, $2 50 per
diem J. C. O'Neill. J. C. Toung. Steve Ed
monds. P. J. O'Shea. Francis Moran, John
Cophlln. P. Murphy. P. J. Kelly, C. J. Repan,
Michael Kavanaugh. Matthew Ryan. Gilbert
Whlttaker. J. \V. Ryan, Patrick Murphy, P.
Ivehaney. E. P. YVason. J. H. Ma?ulre, -»- D.
Whalen. Thomas J. Lowe, Timothy Sheehan.
Timothy o"Connor. -J. M. McCarthy, W. F.
Brady. W\ Bernard. W. Fisher, Patrick Mur
phy. Thoma* J. O'Connor, P. F. Grennan and
M. Tolland; teamsters (double turn), $4 50 per
diem. J. IT. O'Brien and M. McHugh; team
fter, hors« and cart. $3 50 per diem, M. Ma
honey. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1900.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Positively cored tjy these
JUttlo Pills.
Tneyalsorrifcve Dlstressfetsm Dyspepßta,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remMiy tor Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Tastem the Mouth, Coated Tongue
?aia to the Side, TORPID LIVER- They
Rrajt^atc the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pin. Small Dose
Smell Price.
TtJT* In nothlsc tike ELECTRICITT to put
Me. Tins and vlr r into wnk men or wcraea
Pruss rive but temporary relief; act merely ai
a atlmulant. but Electricity flies to all we»k
parts of the body. Impartlnc nature* force
thereto and doing the required work surely ani
1o a permanent manner. If "run down" In
health and strength you had better try Elec-
tricity. Uee an Electric Belt, for that Is the
best method of applying It: but be cure you k-
a rood one while you are about It: In nbort. try
•"Dr. Pierre's/* for It Is guaranteed to be tb»
be»t Electric Belt en earth.
CT"Booklet No. V free at office or »ent by
tr»M f or a?r »t«nir f»M« «t) <»»v.m» it Ai-ireM
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
CJO Market street. (-AN FT»a\*CIFCOI
CS Tribune Bulldtnr. NEW YORK-
EMMA SPRECKELS BUILDING.
927 Market Street.
fanny. Checrfu' Offices $15.00.
AMUSEMENTS.
"HOQTMGN, I"COUNTED THEM"
FOUR THOUSAND LAUGHS IN THREE
HOURS.
42d PERFORMANCE TO-NIGHT
Of the Gieantlc Operatic Success.
The idol's Eye.
Eveninrs at 8. Saturday Matinee at 2.
To Msret the Enormous Demand We Glvs
A Special Matinee Thnrpday,
In Honor of Washlnerton's Blrthiiay!
Cbolce Seats Now on Sale.
POPULAR PRlCfcS— 2sc and 50c.
Telephone Bush ».
Third and I«*t TTeek. the Famous
BOSTONIANS.
L f KiTHE VICEROY
THURSDAY AJ*D FRIDAT.
"THE SERENADE."
WEDXtEDAT and SATURDAT XIOHTS and
SATURDAT MATINEE.
"ROBIN HOOD."
Monday. February 2»— DEN*MAN THOMPSON
AND "THE OLD HOMESTEAD."
IT J BECOME
HAS TOWN
RfiAl^T I TALK.
BOTCMBER THE WASHINOTON BIRTH-
DAY MATINEE ON THUKSDAY
AFTERNOON.
Th* LtTcllast, th* Funniest the Best, Laugh-
ter. Roaring. Rollicking Fares-
Comedy ETer Written.
WHO IS WHO.
Next Sunday Afternoon, February SS — MAG-
GIE MOORD-ROBERTS COMPANY In "THE
6ILENCE OF DEAN MAITLAND."
(THE PEOPLE'S POPULAR PLAY HOUSE.)
f/fOKE SOUTH 7TO.
LAST TIMES THIS WEEK.
Bt&nfilnr Room at Every Performance.
EVEItY EVEHIHO AT SrfS.
MATINEE DAILY AT 2ita.
mml JEFFRIES,
mml SHARKEY
conrEsr riCTiirtES.
BEWARE OF TICKET SPECULATORS.
JCEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON and NIGHT.
•LAST PERFORMANCES.
Matinees. 2&c and U>c; Children, lie. Even-
Insrs (reserved). 15c. 26c. 85c. 60c and 75c.
Cotnlnr— "HAVE YOU SEEN SMITHT"
ALCAZAR_THEATER.
TO NIGHTi w^iiT"^
MORE FUN THAN EVER.
THE PRODIGAL
FATHER^
EXTRA MATINEE THURSDAY,
WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY.
15c, 25c R H^f D 35c, 50c.
Next Week— "THE NEW SOUTH."
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TANFORAN PARK.
FOURTH MEETING. Feb. « to 24. Induct ve
61x high-class running races every week
day. rain or shine, berlnnlng at 1:80 p. m.
Th* Ideal winter racetrack of America. Pal
trot* «ep directly from the railroad car* into
a superb »rand stand, rlass-enclosed. wberi
comfortably housed in bad weather, they can
*nloy an unobstructed view of the race*
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets at
• .•OO. 10:40 and 11:80 a. m.. and 12:15 llSTis"
and 1:25 p. iv.. murnlnr Immediately after
laet race at 4.4S p. ra. Seats In rear cars re-
served for women and their eccort*. No *mok-
ln«. Valencia street. 10 minutes later.
ban Jo*e and Way Stations— Arrive at San
Uruuo at 12:45 ». ra. Leave Ban Bruno at i M
RATES— Ban Francisco to Taaforan and re-
turn. Including almlstlon to track, JI.2J.
r. XX. GREEN. Secretary aad McsafVr.
Dr. Talgott &, Go.
STRICTLY
RELIABLE.
Mm ' we rnaka (o
nfjp \ Tien suffering
. fiw!'/ from blood
Ksjsf jf im »g*- taints, varico-
ip3 «^F cele, contrac-
fe)! . ted ailments,
\ii!s. %58f^ debility and
SftS. HHOr[K weaknesses.
tllill!P}l2j' our pa y until
A^^rael^ CUMS is effec *
/^A^^=^r*/K\v 2uarantee
""^ '* \f./ II *^ shows the
confidence we have in our ability.
HOME CURES A SPECIALTY.
Write us in oonfidence and receive in
a platn sealed envelope full information.
: 997 Market Street, Corner Sixth. ,
7Securities were quiet In the morning, but
values were firm all around.' Spring Valley
Water was firmer at $99, Contra Costa Water
at $75 and Market-Street Railroad at $62.
In the afternoon the water stocks were rather
weaker and- Gas and Electric was also off
slightly. Otherwise there was no change.
There was a moderate business In the oil
stocks.
The Spring Valley Water Company will pay
a dividend of 42 cents per share to-day. This
Is at the rate of 5 per cent per annum.
The Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar Com
pany has declared a dividend of 60 cents per
share, payable on the 25th.
The dividend of the California Fruit Can
ners' Association will be paid to-day.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, Feb. 19—2 p. m.
' Bld.AsK.
U S Bondi«—
4s quar c0up.. 114 —
4s quar reg — 114%
4s quar n«w... — 136
Is quar coup.. — —
• Miscellaneous —
Cal-st Cab 65.. 117 —
C C Wat 65..1Wf%i07
Ed L A P 65. .129 —
F A Cl Ry 65. .115 —
Geary-st R ss. — 95
H C A S 5%5..105 110
H C A S 6e....106% — •
L A Ry 55.... 105 106
L A LCo 65.. — —
Do gntd 65.. — —
Do fc-ntd r.s.. — 103
L A A P R 6s. 102% —
Market-st 65... — —
Do Ist m 65.. 117% —
NCN G R 75.106 —
N R of Cal 65.U2%113%
N R of Cal 65. 114 —
N P C R R 65103 —
NPO R R Bs.KX —
N C R R 65. ..109 —
Oak GL&H 55. 11 l —
Oak Tran 65... — 112%
Oak W Co 65.. 105 —
Oceanic SS Co. 103% —
Om C Ry 65... — 128%
P A Cl Ry 65. .104% —
Pk AO Ry 6s. — —
Powel-st R 65.H9% —
Sac L G*R6s. 85 —
S F.&.'SJV 65. . 116% —
S Ry of Cal 6s. — 109
S P of A 65....U0%Ul
S I' C 65(1905).103% —
8 P C 65(19C6).112 113
S P C 6c(1912). — —
SP C Ist egos. — —
9 PBr 6s 126 —
S V Wat 65. ...116 —
S V Wat 45. ...104 —
8 V W 45(3dm)103
Stktn Gas 65. .102% —
\\ air Stocks—
Contra Costa.. 74% 73
Mann f'ountv. Mi —
Spring Valley.. 98% 99%
•las * K'"ctilc —
Cent L A P... — '4%
Bid.Ask.
Cent L A P... — 4%
Eqult G L Co.. 4>i 4%
Mutual El Co. — 13
O G L & H... 45% —
Pac Gas Imp.. — —
Pac Llgnt Co.. 44" 45
S F G A E.... 50Ti 61&
Jan Francisco. «^ ¦»-,,
Stockton Gas.. 12 —
Insurance—
Flrem's Fund.22« —
Bank Stocks—
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 68% —
Bank of Ca1. ..403 —
Cal SD A T.. SS 99
First Natnl 250 3u5
Lon P A A. ...133 —
Merchants' Ex — It
Nev Nat 8k... — — :
Savings Banks—
Ger S A L..1750 1825
Hum a 4 L. — —
Mut Say Bk. 43 —
S F Say U... 605 —
Say A L So. 74 71
See Say Bk. — —
Union T Co. — —
Street Railroads-
California 117H119
Geary-st - ISO —
Market-st Ry.. 61% (2
OSI, A H.... — ao ¦
Presidio 12% —
Powder Stock:.—
California 150 170
Giant Con Co. 91 —
Vlgorit 2 2%
Sugar Stocks—
Hana H P Co. 8% 8%
Haw CABCO S3 84%
Honokaa S Co. 25% 29
Hutch S P. Co. -25% 26
Kilauea S Co. — 20
Makawell SCo 45 45%
Onomea S Co. . 25% —
Paauhau S Co. 25% 26%
Miscellaneous — -
Al Pack Assn.llS 119%
Mer K\ Af-d.. — )i» '
Oceanic S Co.. — 94%
Pac A F A.... t —
Pac 'ft Bor C 0.144 —
Par Paint Co.. 10 —
Morning Session.
Board— '. .;.«'¦". ;,V:; ,V:
246 Contra Costa Water.... 75 00
10 Giant Powder Con 91 75
30 Hana Plantation Co 8 37^4
60 Honokaa-S C 0... n 75?
20 Hutchlnson S P Co 23 87>4
25 HutchinscTi S P Co ....26 00
50 Makawell .:.'. .• 45 00
100 Market Street Railway 62 00
95 S F Gns & Electric Co 5075
75 S V Water 99 00.
Afternoon Session. -
Board — ..
• 10 Contra Costa Water... '...'..... 74 75
. 15 Contra Costa Water 74 50
30 Contra Costa Water........... 1 . 74 75
5 Contra Costa Water :..... 74 K714
100 Equitable Gas .;. 450"
80 Honokaa S C 0..... •..,. 2$ 75
jlO Makawell ..." :.....'. ; 45 00
10 Oakland Gas ....46 00
10 Paauhau S P C 0... .; 25 75
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 51 00
10 S V Water ss £(
25 S V Water. 98 87%
65 S V Water..... .....! 99 00
110 S V Water, s SO - 99 j£
V Street— '}
30 Pacific Gas Imp.. 51 00
$3000 S P of A Bonds , no 50
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board— , , <. ¦
100 Barker Ranch '..'.. ...'.... 115.-
Steamer Movements.
New York Stock Market.
NEVT YORK. Feb. 19.— The outside public
¦till refused to manifest any Interest in the
stock market to-day and operations continued
wholly In the hands of professional traders.
This element made an attempt to force a con
tinuance of last week's reaction, using as their
m«ln argument the drain being made upon the
rash resources of the banks. To-day's state
ment of sub-treasury operations showed a loss
already hlnce Friday to that institution of
J1. 421.000. This showing helped the bears In
an .early raid on the market which wiped out
the opening gains and carried prices generally
below Saturday's closing level. One or two
stocks suffered from individual causes and
helped on the reaction. Pacific Mall, Peo
ple's Gas and Third Avenue showed continued
weakness and Pennsylvania was depressed on
rejxirts of a new car trust involving many
million dollars. The bears did not succeed in
) iringing out any large offerings and were
driven to cover on the development of aggres
sive strength la several stocks. Including
£ugar. Kuhber. Chicago. Indianapolis and
Louisville. Tobareo. General Electric, Lacka
trar.na and Third Avenue. The most potent
factor in the rally was the large Increase In
earnings for the second week In February
ehown by a number of railroads. Norfolk and
Western made the most rtriklng exhibit with
an increase over the corresponding period of
last >¦•¦*!¦ of 3133.538, which is nearly 96 per
cent. This resulted in a large absorption of
etock at an extreme advance of 2% and had
m. sympathetic effect on all the bituminous
coal carrying roa<?s contributing to the rally
In Pennsylvania and Baltimore and Ohio. To
ledo and Ohio Central showed an Increase in
earnings of 73 per cent over the second week In
February. The evidences of the large demand
for bituminous coal were coupled with reports
of Increasing use of anthracite In steam pro
duction because of dlSculty In obtaining soft
coal. The anthraolte group shewed the effect
of this influence and of published forecasts of
the anr.ual statement of Lackawanna which
Is to be issued to-morrow. Intimating a
high percentage of earning* lor the year. In
addition Ontario and Western showed an In
crease of 44 per cent in earnings for the week.
In the Southern croup Louisville and Nashville
made a showing for the week •which was 54
per cent better than that of last year, the in
crease in gross amounting to $18C.!45. All the
returns received show striking gains, though
those enumerated are the largest. The cotton
carrying roads especially Ehowed recovery from
the recent low level of -earnings And were ad
vanced in price in consequence. The tonic
effect of these extraordinary earnings proved
too much for the bears and they were forced
to cover. The continued ease of call money,
which ranged from 2 to 2% per cent, neutral
ized the alarmist view of the money market
outlook. Borne slight effect was produced also
*¦>¦ the reports of further British successes In
South Africa. Erie Telephone rose buoyantly
some 8 point*. Dealings were not on a large
neale and the market fell dull before the close
but held quite firm near the top.
Business in bonds showed aome falling off
In volume and price changes were mixed. Total
eales, par value, J1.t55.000.
United States old 4s and 6s advanced M and
the 2« % in the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares V V , " Closin*
Sold. *. BJd.
L«3 Atchison 26%
16.8*0 Atchison prefd 63%
1.0C2 Baltimore A Ohio 62%
Canadian Padflc 98T4
mo Canada Southern 48
4.260 Chesapeake A Ohio 29%
l.SrtO Chicago Great Western 13%
5..K75 Chlcago.Mlurlington A Qulncy 123%
1,t55 Chicago. Indiarapo'.is A St. Louis.. 11%
SOO Chicago. Indianapolis A St. L prefd. 60
Chicago ar.d East Illinois 94
2SO Chlcaso & .Northwestern 16J
1.C41 Chirafie Rock Island A Pacific 108%
419 C. C. C & Ft. Louis 60%
100 Colorado Southern 5%
ISO Colorado Southern Ist prefd 43%
Colorado Southern 2nd prefd 15%
Delaware A Hudson i 113%
J.CI9 Del. Lack A Western JM%
100 Denver A Rio Grande ; 1»%
Vtn Denver A Rio Grande prefd 72%
509 Erie 12%
434 Erie iKt rrefd 31
....t.. <sreat Northern prefd 151
1.420 Hocking Coal 18%
761 HfK-ktnK Valley » H^
Illinois Central 113%
840 lowa Central 14
100 lowa Central prefd, ex-<3lv 61
1.210 Kansas City. I'itts A Gulf. U%
Liike Erie & Western 2014
Lake Erie & Western prefd glii
....... J-alte Shore i£«
3,£50 Louisville A Nashville 81%
5.470 Manhattan L SB<£
2,385 Metropolitan Street Railway ..177%
IV). Mexican Central 12%
100 Minneapolis A St. Louis 62%
Minneapolis fc St. Louis prefd 93
J.lOO Missouri Pacific <C%
Mobile A Ohio 43
Missouri. Kanras A Texas 10%
900 Missouri. Kansas A Texas prefd 32%
New Jersey Central .....117
I.OCO Sw York Central U4%
45.675 Norfolk A Western 20%
2.00* Norfolk A Western prefd ;. 73%
2,079 Northern Pacific IZ%
100 Northern Pacific prefd ;.... 74%
E. 500 Ontario & Western v 24%
Oregon Railway A Navigation 42
....... Oregon Railway & Nay. prefd 7!
6.240 Pennsylvania ...'. 134«4
Ul Reading 11%
Sun rises .....6:54
Sun sets 5:54
Moon rises 11:64 p. m.
Shipping Intelligence.
4.509 Reading Ist prefd 64"i
700 Rio Grande Western 48
Rio Grande Western prefd 87%
St. Louts and Francisco 10 1 ;
.-.. St. Louts A San Fran Ist prefd 65%
SOO St. Louis & San Fran 2nd prefd 35
1.225 St. Louis Southwestern 11%
4.530 ?t Louis Southwestern prefd 25%
4,750 St. Paul 123
2CO St. Paul prefd 171%
St. Tuul A Omaha 115
6.8:0 Southern I*aclfic 3J
1.550 Southern Railway 12
2.630 Southern Railway prefd 67>i
SOO Texas A Pacific 16%
14.260 Union Pacific 50%
2,460 Union Pacific crefd 76VA
Wabash «%
Wabash prefd 20%
1.710 Wheeling & Lake Erie Wi
Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd 27
200 Wisconsin Central IS
Express Companies—
Adam 1115
American 146
110 United States 46
Wells-Fargo \ 123
Miscellaneous —
410 American Cotton Oil 33%
523 American Cotton Oil prefd 94
2(K> American Maltin? 3%
635 American Malting prefd 25%
1.325 Am Smelting & Refining 41%
248 Am Fmeltinff A Refining prefd 90
American Spirits 2%
....... American Spirits prefd « 17
1,563 American Steel Hoop 46%
100 American Steel Hoop prefd 84%
12,000 American Steel & Wire .- 65%
1.C73 American Steel Wire prefd 95%
410 American Tin Plate 33%
American Tin Plate prefd 82
24,765 American Tobacco 110
American Tobacco prefd 135U
110 Anaconda Mining Co 45%
1.150 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 73%
1.410 Colorado Fuel & Iron 45%
2.233 Continental Tobacco 32%
535 Continental Tobacco prefd 84
4.U0 Federal Steel 54%
1,260 Federal t»trel orefd 74%
2.460 General Electric 12J>r.
730 Glucose Sucar 64>*
£00 Glucose Sugar prefd 100
International Paper 22%
150 International Paper prefd 68
260 Lacalde Gas 16%
2W National Biscuit 27
National Biscuit prefd 92%
SID National I>-af! 28%
National Lead prefd 106
3.700 National Ftcel 45%
100 National Steel prefa Jts%
New York Air Brake 130
230 North American 14%
Pacific Coast 50%
Pacific Coast 1« prefd 83
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 64
4.950 Pacific Mall 33"»
7.116 People's Gas 104
Pressed Steel Car 55' i
100 Pressed Steel Car prefd 86%
Pullman I'alace Car IS7
130 Standard Rope & Twine 8
23.610 Sugar U3
Sugar prefd j 113
2.C30 Tennessee Coal A Iron 59%
3.420 United States Leather ]6V
144 United States Leather prefd 73%
1,130 T'nlted States Rubber 65%
150 United States Rubber prefd 95%
255 Western Union M
2.350 Republic Iron A- Steel Co :4>4
400 Republic Iron «.- Steel Co prefd fiSat
P C C A St. Louis 70
333.200 thares sold.
CLOSING BONDS
U S Ss reg 108
D S 3S3 S reg 103%
L' 6 3s coup l f| 9%
U P new 4s reg 134",;
U S 4s new coup..l34Vi
V S old 4s reg 115
V S old 4s c0up.. .115%
U X 5b reg 113
1* S 3s coup 113
Dis of C013'.63e....118
Atchlson gen 4»...100\
Atchison adj 4s W
Canada So 2s 109V4
Ches & Ohio 4Hs.. 98%
dies A Ohio 65....118 V»
C A NW con 75. ..141
C & NW SF debss.l2o
Chicago Ter 4s 92%
D A R G Ist 103V t
D A R G 4s 98%
E T Va A Ga 15t.101%
Erie sen 4s 71
Gen Electric 5s 116
G H A S A 6s 107
G H & S A 25.. ..107
H A T Cen 5s 110
H A T Cen con 6s. 110
lowa Cent 15t5. ...113%
X C P A G lsts... 7JH
La new con 4s 106%
L A N unified 45.. s>«>4
M X A T 2s 65%
M X A T 4s 91
N V Cent lsts 110
N J Cent gen 55.. 123
N Carolina €s 127
N Carolina 4s 106
Northern Pac 35... 66' i
Northern Pac 45... 103%
N V C & St L 4s.li>B
N A W con 4s 94%
N & W pen Cs 130 T
Oregon Nay lsts...Ho
Oregon Nay 4s 101%
Oregon S L Cs 127>.^
Oregon S? L con ss. 114
Reading gen 4s 85
R G W lsts 97
St L A I M coa Cs.lU
St I- * S F gen 6s. 123
St Paul c0n5015. ...167'4
St P C A P lsts.. 119%
St P C A P 55. ...120%
Southern Ry 6s 107T*
Stand R A T 65.. 78Vi
Term new set 35.. 95
Tex & Pac lsts...HsH
Tex & Pac 2s 524
Union Pacific 45..104>i
Wabash lsts 116 Vi
Wabash 2s 9S<4
West Shore 4s 113%
Wls Cent lets 91%
Va Centuries 85%
Va deferred 5
Colo & So 4s 82' i
Southern Pac 45... 83%
MINING
Chollar 15
Crown Point 05
Con Cal & Va 1 35
D*-adwood 65
Gould A Curry 10
Hale A Norcross... 25
Hotnestake 50 00
Iron Silver 60
Mexican 20
STOCKS.
Ontario 8 75
Ophlr 50
Plymouth 14
Quicksilver 1 75
Quicksilver prefd.. 7 50
Sierra Nevada 33
Standard 2 00
I Union Con 23
I Yellow Jacket 15
BOSTON STOCK
Money — ¦ i
Call loans 3?4i
Time loans 405
Stocks—
A T A S F 20%
A T A S F prefd.. 63%
American Sugar.. .ll3
Bell Telephone 335
Boston A Albany.. 23s
Boston Elevated... 120
Boston A Maine... l 99
C B A Q 12Sli
Dominion Coal 41
Dom Coal prefd.... 117
Federal Steel 64%
Federal Steel prefd 744
Fltchburg prefd 124fe
Gen Electric. 128
Gen Elec prefd 138
Ed Elec 111 203
Mexican Central... 12
Mich Telephone.... loo
N E Gas A Coke.. 19« i
Old Colony 205
Old Dominion 19%!
Rubber 33>,4'
S AND BOXDS.
Union Pacific 60V«
Union' Land Shi
West End S2H
Wesfphouse Elec.. 4S\
Wis Central 18
Bonds—
Atchison 4s 99
N E Gas & Coke 6s 72
Mining shares —
Adventure B
AUouez Mng Co ... 2%
Amalg Copper 93V&
Atlantic 23
Boston & Montana.27s .
Butte A Boston C 5
Calumet A Hec1a..767
Centennial 18
Franklin 15
Dsceola 76
Parrot 44%
Qulncy 140
Santa Fe Copper.. 6V4
Tamarack 192
L'tah Mining 31
Wlnona 3
Wolverines 41%
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 19— Closing— Money on
call, steady at 202 V& per cent; last loan, 2\t,
per cent. Prime mercantile paper, 405 per
cent. Sterling exchanre, firm, with actual
business In bankers' bills at $4 $7%04 8S for de
mand and $4 84^04 8414 for sixty days; posted
rates, 84 EIO4 88%: commercial bills, $4 S3U®
4 84. Silver certificate*. 69%060%c. Bar silver,
69% c. Mexican dollars, 47V4C State bonds. In
active; railroad bonds, irregular; Government
bonds, strong.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 19.— The Commercial Ad
\-ertlser'a London financial cablegram says:
The markets hej* were stagnant to-day await
ing news of General Cronje's army. They
closed hard on the announcement of General
Butler's success, but his operations are re
garded here as a side issue now. Americans
were steady, but neglected except for small
purchases for New York of Norfolk and West-
The Bank of England bought £21.000 of gold
In German coin and received £20,000 from Aus
tralia. It lost by sales £50,000 In bars.
Call money was steady and bank loans were
renewed, while there was considerable fresh
borrowing.
CLOSING-
Canadian Pacific. 100%; Union Pacific pre
ferred. 78% c; Northern Pacific preferred." 76%-
Atchison. 21H- Bar silver, steady at 27V4d per
ounce. Money, 3 per cent.
CJiartcrs.
The S. G. Wilder ar.d S. C. Allen load mer
chandise for Honolulu; Amy Turner, mer
chandise for Hilo; Klnau. merchandise for
Makawelf: Galilee, merchandise for Tahiti and
Marquee-ea. _
The Klnfauns loads wheat at Portland for
Europe, 3i».
Weather Report.
OT?th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANISCO. Feb. 19—6 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
£ate as cctr.pare4 with those of tune date laM
season and rainfalls in last twenty-four hours:
La*t This Last
Btatlocs— I< hours, season, season.
Eureka 0.22 33.44 18.77
Red Bluff CIS 15.55 13.13
Sacramento 0.02 13.73 7.18
Fan Fmccitco Trace 14.69 *.•>
Fresno 0.(4 6.18 8-M
Independence 0.13 212 1.15
6an Luis Obispo O.Of 12.67 7.13
Lo« Angeles 0.00 4.67 2 »6
San Diego 0.00 2.64 3.73
Yunia 0.00 0.75 1.34
tsan Franclpco data: Maximum temperature.
C 3; :r.'.r.:rr. ¦>;::!, 45. mean, 4S.
WEATHER CONDITION? AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen rapidly during the
past twelve hour* along the Pacific Coast. A
t-torm of considerable energy overlies Vancouver
Island and Northern Washington. Storm slg
niil« are displayed from San Francisco north
ward and northbound vessels are warned of
high souihea*=terly winds and heavy weather
from San Francisco northward.
Rain has generally fallen over the Pacific
Coast north of San Francisco.
The following maximum wind velocities are
rejwrted: Astoria, forty miles from the south
west; Portland, thirty-four from the wouth; In
d^j>endence, thirty from the northwest, and
Yuma, thirty-two from the west.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight February 20:
Northern California— Rain Tuesday; brisk
southeasterly winds,- high on the coast.
Southern California — Cloudy Tuesday; prob
ably rain Tuesday night.
Nevada — Cloudy Tuesday, with snow or rain.
I'tah— Cloudy Tuesday, with snow or rain
early Tuesday morning.
Arizona — Cloudy Tuesday, with enow or rain
In northern ix>rtlon.
fan Francisco and vicinity— Rain Tuesday;
brisk to hich pouthearterly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty day*.... — $4 85
Sterling Exchange, sight — . 4 88%
Sterling Cables — -4 89%
New York Exchange, sight. — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17%
Fine Silver, per ounce ...'. — •";.¦ 59%
Mexican Dollars ....'. 48 ¦ ¦ *-. 4SVi
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty, days.... — $4 8".
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 SV.i
Sterling Cables — 4 BIU
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New. York Exchange, telegraphic. — . " )7'4
Fine Silver, per ounce. > — 69%
Mexican Dollars 43 4S}fc
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The week opened with a lower
market en call, spot quotations standlnr the
same.
. Liverpool was lower and Paris higher. The
amount on passage increased 2,250,000 bushels,
but the American visible supply decreased 655,
000 bushels.
Chicago was " weak. but not materially
changed. The bears had the advantage and
hammered the market, though there were more
buyers than sellers below 63c. Holders did not
press their holdings.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 9S%c@sl: milling.
$1 OIKOI 03%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
2000 ctls, $1 06%. May— 42.ooo, $1; 6000. 99% c.
Second Session— May— lo,ooo ctls, 99% c; 6000,
$1. DecembPr-2000. $1 06%.
Regular Morning Secslon — May — 8000 ctls,
$1 00%. December— l6,ooo. $1 ofi%; 2000, $1 06%.
Afternoon Session— May— «ooo ctls, $1 00V6:
4000. $1 00.i. December— 3o.ooo. $1 06%.
BARLEY— Holders ask previous prices, but
there is very little doing, as the demand seems
Feed. 76@77%c for No. 1 and 65072^0 for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 50057",-ic;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— May— 4ooo ctls, 72c.
OATS— The market Is stagnant and quota
tions are unchanged.
White. $1100130; Red. 95c05117V4: Gray,
$1 07H@l 15: Black. 92V4c05l 02H.
CORN— The market continues neglected.
Eastern White is quoted at 95c per ctl and
Eastern Yellow at $101 02V4: mixed. 97Wc©$l.
BYE— Quoted at »7VS@$l 02V4 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
The China steamer took out 9340 barrels Flour.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 6003 7a,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 4003 60; Oregon
and Washington. $2 7503 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal $2 60; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $2 60;
Oat Groats. $4 60; Hominy, $3 2503 50; Buck
wheat Flour. $404 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75;
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 60;
Rolled Oats (barrels), $SO7 25; In Backs. $5 75^
7; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas,
$5 60 per 100 lbs.
Ha\ and Feedstuff s.
Prices for all descriptions remain unchanged.
Receipts of Hay are too heavy and the market
is soft. %
BRAN— II2OI3 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI7O2O per ton,
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $13017 per
ten; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26#27; Jobbing.
$27 £0028; Cocoanut Cake, $20021; Corn Meal,
|23fi23 50. Cracked Corn, $23 60024; Mixed Feed.
$15 S": Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton.
HAY— Wheat, $6 6008 60 for common to good
and $9 for chol;e; Wheat and Oat, $6 SOftS 50*
Oat. $SOS; Barley, $507; Alfalfa, $607 50 per
ion.
BTRAW— 2SO4Oc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans continue dull and unchanged, with
holders disinclined to make any concessions.
BEANS— Bayos, $3 2503 35; small White. $3 2C
03 35; large White. $2 90<03 10; Pinks, $2 50^
2 85; Reds, $3 50; Blackeye, $4 50; Butters,
nominal; Lima. $5 1505 25; Pea. $3 2003 40; Red
Kidneys, $3 50® 4.
SEEDS— Brcwn Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $1 £002 20: Canary,
3V&C per lb for California and 4c for Eastern:
Alfalfa. B®9c; Rape, 2%03c; Hemp. 404ftc;
Timothy. 4@4V4c.
DRIED PEAS— NUes, $1 6001 90; Green, $1 75
02 60 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Vegetables are rather weaker. Beans espe
cially. Potatoes and Onions are dull and weak.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. 85095 c; River Redd.
70075 c; Burbanks, 50073 c per sack; Oregon
Burbanks. 75c05l 10; Sweet Potatoes, $1 700
1 80 for Merced and $1 25 for River; New Pota
to»«. Je.
ONIONS— SI 60fj2 10 per ctl for all kinds.
VEUKTAId.Kh — llot'iouze Cucumbers, »l Der
dozen; Rhubarb. 7012V4C per lb; Asparagus,
10@20c; Green Peas, 3<s~4c per lb for Los An
geles and sg6c for Alameda; String Beans, 60)
10c; Cabbage, 40<S50c; Lou Angeles Tomatoes,
$I<Sl 60; Egg Plant from Los Angeles, 1O012&C;
Dried Okra, 12V*c per lb; Garlic, sc; Ureen
Peppers from Los Angeles, 4@sc; Dried Pep
per*. Hifliie: Carrots. AixrfA'h: Vr «aek: ix>s An
gtles Summer Squash, $101 25 per box; Mar
luwiat ji|uumi, nominal.
Poultry and Game.
A 'car of Eastern sold at $606 60 for Hens,
$5 6004 for young Roosters, $5 for old Roosters
and $4 5005 for Ducks. Three more cars fall
due to-day.
Good Game sold off well, but a good deal
came spoiled and had to go below the quota
tions. • ¦
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, lie for Gobblers
and 12013 c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, 12@14c;
Geese, per pair, $1 7502; Goslings, $1 7502;
Ducks, $405 lor old and >4<ffs for young; Hens,
$405; Young Roosters, .$505 50; Old Roosters,
tVO* CO; Fryers, $4 5005; Broilers, $4^5 for large
«.nd $304 for small; Pigeons. $1 250<1 50 per
dozer, for old and $2 5W3 for squabs.
GAME— Quail. $1 25; Mallard, $3®4 60; Can
vasbacks, $2<S'4: Sprig. $202 60; Teal, $1 2502;
Widgeon, $1 60®l 75; Small Duck, $1; Hare, 75c
0$1; Rabbits, $101 25; Gray Geese, $2 6003;
White, $1 25; Brant, $1 50(tf:'; Honkers, $4; Eng
lish Snipe, $2 50®3 per dozen; Jack Snipe. $1 CO.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter and "Eggs., are off again, and there are
more sellers than buyers. Cheese rules weak
and quiet. Supplies of Butter are too large.-
BUTTER— • .
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 23c; seconds
2T.ii 22 >*c.
Dairy— FAncy, 20c; good to choice, 18@19c;
common, lSfcplTc.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 10c: old. 9Hc;
Young • America, ¦ 10@llc;- Eastern, 15!&©16c;
W«t»rn, 13V</13e per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 13@14c for store and 15c
per dozen- tor ranch. Eastern — Cola ktorase,
12H®Hc. ••?:,'.•-¦
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Tho demand for Oranges Is good, as shown by
the sales, of 'seven cars at auction as follows:
Fancy Navels, $1 60®2 40; choice Navels, $1 40
©2; Standard. 90ciS$l 45; Seedlings. $I@l 45.
Lemons sold at $1 2(t£r 2 20. Supplies of Oranges,
however, are now larger. « :..,...
DECIUUOUS FRUITS—.
APPLES— 3O®fiOc per box for common. 75c©$l
for rood to rhotr».and SI 25W1 50 for tnntrr.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 60©2 50
per box; Seedlings, 75c@$l 60; Pomelos. 75c9
2 60; Lemons,- sl@l 60 for common and $2@2 50
for good to choice; Mexican Limes, ss@s 50; Cal
ifornia Limes, 25@50c; • Bananas,- $1 25@2 50 per
bunch; Pineapples. $3 5004 per dozen. .;¦ .'
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUITS — Prunes. In sacks, | i%a for
40-MTs. 4ig4Kc for 60-60' s, 314 c for 60-70' *," -a'ic
for 70-80' s, Sc'for 80-9O*s and l\c for 90-100' s;
Apricots. ll@l3c for Royals, 12H©160 for Moor
parks and 12@140 for Blenheims; Peaches, 6^o
6c for Standards,. 6<4s?6%c for choice and 7@So
for fancy; * Peeled Peaches,' 10@12%c; Evapo
rated Apples, 6©7 c; Sun-dried. s@sHc, per lb;
Nectarines. B©9c; Pears, 3%@^c for dark and
7(ffSc for bright* halves; Black Flga.' 2ff2Kc;
Silver unchanged. Sterling Exchange firm.
Wheat futures lozver. Barley dull.
Oats, Corn and Rye inactive.
Hay in large receipt and weak. Bran quiet.
Beans still neglected. Seeds nominal.
Potatoes and Onions weak and dull.
Butter and Eggs tending downward. Cheese weak.
One car of Eastern Poultry in and three more due.
Game arriz'ing in poor condition, again.
Oranges sold off zvcll at the auction.
Nothing hew in Provisions.
Hides weak, with accumulating stocks. Tallozv rather firmer.
Meat market shows no further change.
300 Anaconda , J?
240 Yukon * M
Afternoon Session.
. Board—
100 Anaconda fj
100 Anaconda **
100 Anaconda w
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—- •&•',-•
160 Burlington } j»
60 National •»
60 Petroleum Center *»
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Best & Belcher 38 600 Potosl M
100 Challenge 19 300 Sec Belcher ... 02
200 Chollar 21 100 Sierra Nevada. 37
200 C C & Va 143 100 Sierra Nevada. 3S
200 C C A Va 160 200 Utah 09
100 Mexlcaa 24 700 Yellow Jacket. IS
300 Ophir 68
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 221 200 Ophlr 5«
200 C C & Va 1 401 600 Sierra Nevada. 36
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Moraine Session
900 Best A Belcher 37 400 Ophlr 16
200 Challenge Con. 19 300 Potosl 27
900 Choltar 20 800 Savage 12
600 Chollar 21 ,400 Sierra Nevada. 37
200 C C & Va 1 45 400 Sierra Nevada. 33
60 C C & Va 1 424 200 Sierra Nevada.374
800 Gould A Curry. IS 300 Union Con 23
200 Mexican 24 i 300 Yellow Jacket. IS
700 Ophlr 5S|
Afternoon Session.
600 Belcher 22, 25 Overman C 9
400 Best & Belcher 36! 200 Potosl 17
200 Gould & Curry. 13 600 Savage ......... 11
60 Hale ft N0r...-. 31 600 Seg Belcher.... 02
200 Mexican 22 100 Sierra Nevada. 37
200 Ophlr 57(700 Sierra Nevada. 36
300 Overman 10! 600 Yellow Jacket. 13
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask. I
Alpha — 03 1
Alta 01 02
Andes C 5 06'
Best & Belcher 21 22.
Belcher 35 38 !
Bullion 03 05!
Caledonia 3S 40<
Chollar 18 20!
Challenge Con. IS 20 <
Confidence — 73
C C & Va 1 45 1 50j
Con Imperial... — 01
Con New York. — 04'
Crown Point... 07 08!
Exchequer — 01'
Gourd & Curry. 15 161
Hale & N0r.... 30 31!
Julia — 02i
Justice 06 CS!
MONDAY, February 19.
Bid. Ask.
Kentuek — 02
Lady Washtn.. — 02
Mexican 22 23
Occidental 11 13
Ophlr 65 67
Overman 4)9 11
Potosl 26 27
Savage 11 12
Scorpion 02 —
Seg Belcher ... 02 03
Sierra Nevada. 37 28
Silver Hill — 05
St. Louis C 9 —
Standard 2 50 2 75
Syndicate — 05
Union Coa 2* 26
Utah 07 09
Yellow Jacket. 17 13
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Percy and Emllle S. Beamish to S." Oster
hout. lot on E line of Van Ness avenue. 62:6 S
of Francisco street. S 25 by E 98; $10.
Same to S. Osterhout and J. A. Boyd. lot on
E line of Van Ness avenue, 87:6 S of Francisco
street. 8 50 by E 123; $10.
Mary E. Coblelgh to Josephine 8. Love, lot on
N line of Clay street. 123:6 W of Polk, W 51:6
byN 127:8%: gift.
Henry C and Edgar W. Hlnkel to C C. Grae
ber. lot beginning 225 W of Buchanan street and
117:10H S of Washington. W 50 by S 90:9% (quit
claim deed); $10.
C. C. Graeber to George W. Merritt, lot on
S line of Washington street, 225 W of. Buchanan,
W 50 by S 127 :SU; $10.
Home Mutual Building and Loan Association
to Amy M. Magary (wife of W. W.). lot on E
line of Harrison street. 125 S of Twenty-flrst, S
37:6 by E 100; $1650.
Charles and Minnie Rothschild to Eliza Balls,
lot on S line of Twenty-seventh street, 22S W
of Guerrero. W 25 by S 114: $2500.
Hugh Anderson to Amanda J. Anderson, lot
on N line of Day street, 150 E of Dolores, E 25
by X 114; also lot on N line of Day street, 123 E
of Dolores E 23 by N 114; ctft.
Augustus R. Totherch to Harrison Harto, lot
on W line of Collingwood street, 210 S of Twen
ty-flrst. S 25 by W U5; $10.
Oxen O. HeydenfeUlt to Douglas S. Watson,
lot on N line of Jackson street. 60 W of Drumm.
W 40 by N 120; $10.
Emma C, Carrie C. Arthur S. and Irvine W.
Moore to John E. Greene, undivided ten twelftns
of lot on SE line of Natoma street. 175 SW of
Sixth: SW 25 by SE 75; $2917. •
Helen G. and Wlnfield R. Moore, minors (by
Emma C. Moore, guardian) to same, undivided
two twelfths of same; $V»S.
Estate of Frank Livingston (by Meyer Lewis,
administrator) to Bertha, Freda and Joste
Bloomlngdale and Hattle Kline (formerly
Bloomingdale) (Union Trust Company of San
Franclaco. trustee), undivided half of blocks
340 and 353. Potrero Nucvo.
Margaret A. and Patrick J. Martin to Francis
If. Jones, lot on X line qf Eighteenth avenue.
150 S of M street. S 60 by E 120; $10.
William C. Winter to George F. Lyon. lot on
E line of Twelfth avenue, 150 S of O street. S
JO by E 120; $10.
Albert C Alken to Eliza M. Toomy (or King),
lot on SW line of San Bruno road. 7o N of Way
land street. NW 23 by SW 80, block 5, Univer
sity Homestead (quitclaim deed): $10.
Thomas King to same, same; gift.
Alameda County.
Mary H. Jewett to Frederick H. Dakln, un
divided half interest In lot on N line of Vine
street. 221.4S E of Arch. N 113.66. E 68.255. S
107.92, W 68.52 to ' beginning, being portions of
lots 21 and 22. map of property of Berkeley
View Homestead Association. Berkeley: $1450.
D. J. and Mary Tobln to Henry A. Spencer,
lot on N line of Peralta Park. 193 W from E
line of Peralta Park, thence W 65, S 352 to N
line of Posen avenue, thence E to Dolnt of In
tersection with W' line of lot 32. Peralta Park,
thence N 360 to beginning, being a portion of
Peralta Park. Oakland Township: also lots JSS
to 88 on map of resubdlvtsion of same; $10.
James G. and Cella M. Johnson to Maria
Stanquist (wife of Edward O). lot on SW line
of Brlggs avenue, 904*SE'of High street. SE 50
by SW 203, being lot 27. Brlgga Tract. Alemeda:
110. .. _. . .
John P. and Edna F." Beckett to Cosmo* Loan
Association of San Francisco (corporation), lot
on S line of Thirty-sixth street. Ml W of
Grove. W 40 by S 120:3, being portions of lots
8 and 9, block C. map of property of Central
Land Company. Oakland (subject to lease ex
piring July 28. 1900); $30SO.
Charlotte A. McCready.to Catherine Lanny.
lot on W line of ' Linden street. 244 S of .Third,
S 50 by W 132. being lots 39 and 40. block 443.
map of Adeline and Market Street Homestead.
Oakland: $10. i :. .
New York Grain and Produce.
TO- ARRIVE.
NEW YORK. Feb. I».— FLOUR— Receipt*, 19.
16(; exports, 17,033; market for winter straits
TUESDAY. FEBRUARY 20.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Mar. May. July.
Opening B 10>4 6 9«i 6 10
Closing 6 10 5 9*i 6 9%
PARIS.
Wheat— Feb. May-Aug.
Opening 20 25 2125
Closing 20 40 2160
Flour-
Opening 26 45 27 70
Closing 26 60 23.00
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Feb. 19.— CATTLE— Good to
choice steers, strong; poor to medium Texans,
weak; Texans, active, steady; cow market and
canners, steady; feeders, easy. Good to choice,
$5@6; poor to medium. $4@4 75; mixed stockers,
$3 1563 75; selected feeders, $4@4 75; good to
choice cows, $3 25@4 40; heifers. $3 15@4 75; can
ners, $2 25@2 90; bulls, $2 75tf 4 40; calves, ii&
1 75; fed Texas beeves. $4{?5.
HOGS— Average shade higher; top, $5 10; fair
clearance. Mixed and butchers, $4 Sivgs 10;
good to choice heavy. $4 85®5 10; rough heavy,
$4 7094 80; light, $4 70ft < 97H; bulk of sales,
$» So®s 05.
SHEEP— Sheep and lambs IOSISe higher.
Native wethers, $4 85(35 76; lambs,. ss®7; West
ern wethers, $4 8035 75; Western lambs. $5 650
6 90.
Receipts— Cattle, 17,000; hogs, 32,000; sheep, 12.
000.
New, York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Feb.. 19.— The market for metals
In a general way shows unimportant changes
except in one. Instance,*' tin being higher, al
though Inactive, In . sympathy with higher
prices reported for the foreign 'markets.
PIGIRON — Warrants continue to» rule very
dull and no price Is quoted, values being quite
nominal. •¦•
LAKE COPPER— RuIed quiet on the basis of
about $16 25.
TlN— Which on Friday and Saturday was
quoted at $30 85 In the local market was quoted
at the close of business to-day at $32 25@32 75.
LEAD— While steady, closed quiet and un
chanred at $4 70&4 75.
SPELTER— CIosed dull at firmer prices, $4 60
®4 70.
The brokers' price for. lead li $4 45 and for
coppper $16 25. .
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. Feb. 19.— The statement of the
risible supply of grain In store and ' afloat on
Saturday, February 17. as compiled by the New
York Produce Exchange, Is as follows:
Bushels. Increase. Decrease
Wheat 53.219,000 655 000
Corn 14.815.000 106,000
Oats ..4,743.000 255 000
Rye 1.156.000 21.000 ...'....
Barley 1,422.000 ' '64,000
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 19.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $296,454,359; gold reserve
$222,911,116. '
Foreign Markets.
. LONDON. Feb. 19.— Consols. 100 11-16; Silver,
2714 d; French Rentes, IOOf 75c@100f 97Hc. Wheat
cargoes off coast, nothing doing; carcoes- oil
passage, quiet, hardly arjr demand ; cargoes
No. 1 standard California, iOa Id. English coun
try markets, firm. . Imports Into United Klnr
dom—Wheat, 115.000; Flour, 206.000.- Wheat and
Flour on passage to United Kingdom, 2,290.000;
Wheat and Flour on passage to Continent, 940 -
000.' • . ••
. LIVERPOOL, Feb. ' U. — WHEAT — Dull.
EASTERN MARKETS.
ARRr/ED.
MONDAY. February 19.
Stmr Wwtoort. Ericsson, U hours from Eu
9tmr Fulton. Johnson. 36 hours from Yen-
Stmr Luella. Miller. 2« hours from Eureka.
Stmr Peru. Irvine, 20 days from Panama,
Stmr George Loomls. Bridgett. 36 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr State of California. Gage. BS hours from
Portland, via Astoria 43 hours.
Ship Bohemia. Whalmaa, 7 day« from Oyster
Harbor.
Bark Snow aad Buncess. Olsea. 73 days from
Newcastle. N S W.
Ger bark Paul lieaberr. Kruse. 17 day« from
Honolulu. _ .
Bark Undaunted. Davidson, 87 days from Syd
ney.
Brig Lurllne, Turloff. 17 days from Kahulut.
Schr J M Weatherwax, Sorecson. 23 day» from
Kahulul.
SChr Metha Nelson. Rice. 22 days from Miki
well.
Schr Mary C, Matsen. 9 hours from Bodega.
Schr General. Banning. Thomas, 40 Cays from
Peatalan.
. CLEARED.
MONDAY. February 19.
Stmr Coos Bay, Shea. Saa Pedro; GoodalL
Perkins & Co.
Stmr City of Para. Zeeder. Panama; FUSS
Co.
Bark Annie Johnson. Nelsoa. HUo; J D
Spreckels A Bros CO.
SAILED.
MONDAY. February U.
Stmr South Coast. Olsea. .
Stmr Mackinaw. LUtlefleld. Seattle.
Stmr City of Para. Zeeder. Panama,
Stmr Fulton, Johnson. .
Stmr Noyo, Johnson. Fort Bragg 1 '
Stmr Tlllamook, Anflndsen. TUlamook, w{£a
schr Sacramento In tow.
Stmr Dlsvatca. .Johnson. Astoria.
Bark Levl O Burgess. YunggTen. Tacoma.
Schr Chaa R Wilson. Johnson. Grays Harbor.
Schr Reporter. Dahloff. Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Feb 19—10 o. m.— Weather
thick; wind SE. velocity 12 mile*.
SPOKEN,
Per bark Snow and Burgeas— Jan t. lat IJ deir
18 mln S. lonr 127 • dec S mln W— Ship A O
Ropes, from New York, for Saa Fraactsco.
Feb 10— Br ship Ventura, hence Sept 23. for
Antwerp.. ,
Dec 24. lat 27 S. long 23 W— Br ship Aristo>
mrae, hence Sept 27. for Liverpool.
Br shfo Lord Elgin, from Antwerp, for Saa
Francisco.
* MEMORANDUM.
Per i bark . Undaunted— Had light, varlabl*
head winds the entire passage.
Per schr Metha Nelson — Feb. IS. 8 a. ra., M
miles NW. of Point Reyes.- passed tarouga %
waterspout and .carried away spanker boom. .
MISCELLANEOUS.
- The .schr Berwick was towed off by th» tur
Roberts, with assistance of the- crew of th»
Umpqua.Llfe-Sa.vtog station. The tug Maggt*
had to be abandoned,' aa nothing could be don*
to save her. Both vessels went ashortt Feb 6.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Feb IS— Schr Lottl«
Bennett, for 'Honolulu.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Feb 19— Br sh!»
Glenalvon.. from Antwerp; sal? Occidental,
hence Feb 9. for Seattle.
Sailed Feb 19— Jap stmr Tesst Mara, from Yo
kohama,* for Seattle. • -
COOS 3AY— Arrived F«b IS-Scnr Abbla.
hence Feb .10: schr Ema Utter, henc* F«t> I:
stmr Ruth, hence Feb IS. Feb 13— Schr Melaac
thon, hence Feb 11; schr Gotama, henco 11,
Sailed F«b IS— Stmr Rival, for Saa Francisco.
GRAYS ARBOR— Arrived Feb 13— Schr Pio
neer, hence Feb S; stmr Del NorU, hence X*tb
15.
SEATTLE I—Arrived1 — Arrived Feb IS— Br stair Bloem
fonteln. from Port Townsend. Feb 19— Jap stmr
To«a Man. from Yokohama- '
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed Feb IS— Scar Wa
wona, 'or Xewport.
ASTORlA— Arrived Feb 19— Star Columbia,
hence Feb 17.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Feb IS— Schr Lluls
Vance, for Eureka: bktne Joha Smith, for Port
Blakeley; stmr Brunswick. - for ; stair Saa
Pedro, for S*n Francisco.
Arrived Feb IS— Schr Serena Thayer. from
Eureka. Fe& 19— Stmr Brunswick, heac» . Feb
17: stmr San Pedro, hence 16th. ,2-_
EUREKA— Arrived Feb 19— Stmr Orixaba,
hence Feb i 9: stmr North Fork, hence Feb 13.
y eD 13 Stmr Navarro, from Usal.
ROCK PORT— Arrived Feb 17— Stmr Scotia.
CASPAR— Arrived Feb 13— Stmr Cleone. from
USAL— Arrived Feb 19— Stmr Cleona. heac»
Feb 17. and sailed for Caspar; itmr Navarro.
for Eureka. KOREIGN
NAGASAKI— SaiIed Feb 17— Br stair Duk» of
Fife 'or S»n Francisco.
NANAlMO— Arrived Feb -IS— Stmr Mlneola.
from Port Los Angeles; bark Highland Light,
hence Feb 5. : .
Sailed Feb 13— Stmr Mlneola, for Port Los
Ang<*le«. -
ESQUIMALT— Arrived Feb 13— Br itmr Rob
ert Adamson. from San Diego.
ALGOA BAY— Arrived Jan 21— Haw ihlp Star
of Russta. from Port Gamble.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Feb 17— Br. aalo Th«-
Hahnemann. from Oregon.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to Feb 17— Jap
stmf Rlojun Maru. from Seattle.
FREEMANTLE— Arrived Feb IS— Bark Gen.
Falrchild. from Port Blakeley.
ROCHES POlNT— Passed Feb 11— Bark Inver
co*. hence Sept IS. for Liverpool.
KIN3ALE— Passed Feb 18— Br ship Karoe,
from Port Blakeley. for Greenock.
ACAPULCO— SaiIed Feb I«— Stmr City of Syd
ney, for Panama.
GUAYMAS— SaiIed Feb 17— Stmr Curacao, for
San Francisco.
AUCKLAND— SaiIed Feb 13— Stmr Mariposa,
for San Francfsco.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed prior to Feb 19—
Shin Heel, for Honolulu.
SYDNEY. NSW— Arrived Fea 19— Stmr Hart
fleld. from New York. ¦
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Feb 19— Stmr Marquette,
for • London.
ALEXANDRIA— Arrived Fet> IS— Stmr Au
guste Victoria, for New York. *!a porta on
Oriental cruise. ... v*
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Feb 19-Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, from ' New York, for Naples and
Genoa. -
TO SAIL.
Chicago Grain Market.
LOCAL MARKETS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
was firmer and more active, otherwise the
market wu slow and easy and until near the
close, when It called with grain.
WHEAT— Receipts. 37.600; exports. 80,392;
sales, 1,910,000 bushels futures; 104,000 export;
spot, firm; No. 2 red, 76% c elevator; No. 2 red.
7SHc f. o. b afloat In" store; No. 1 Northern
Duluth, 80T4c f. o. b. afloat prompt; No. 1 hard
Duluth. S2;4c f. o. b. afloat prompt. Options
opened easy and dull all day until the last
hour, when a sharp advance in corn prompted
local covering, the close being firm at H@Vic
net higher. Foreign houses sold July wheat
early, but did little support. Bullish French
cables and bullish crop news also helped the
afternoon markets. March closed at 78% c; May,
74 7-16@74%c, closed at 74>4c: July. 74 1-16©74% c,
closed at 74Hc; September closed, 74Hc.
HOPS-Quiet.
HlDES— Steady and firm.
LEATHER— Firm.
COFFEE— Futures closed quiet at net i un
changed prices to 10 points advance. Total
sales were 16,750 bags. Including March. $7 20;
May, $7 25@7 30: July. $7 35; September, »7 40®
7 45; October. $7 65; December. $7 60. Spot— Rio
firm; No. 7 Invoice, B%c; No. 7 Jobbing, 9*4 c.
Mild— Steady; Cordova. 10@134c
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining, 4c: cen
trifugal, 96 test, 4 7-16 c; molasses sugar,
3 13-16 c. Refined—Quiet and steads*.
¦BUTTER— Receipts. 7732 packages; steady- at
decline; June creamer}'. 19@22%c; Western
creamer}'. 20024 c; factory. 16®19c.
EGGS— Receipts, 6122 packages; firm; Western
at mark, 15% c: Southern, 14V4®15c at mark.
DRIED FRUITS.
A good demand was reported for evaporated
apples to-day. Light receipts and better coun
try advices than looked for helped to give a
firm undertone to the market. California dried
fruits ruled dull and nominally unchanged.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
W?6c; prime, CV»66'4c; choice, 7@7V£c; fancy,
B©S%C
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES-3&®"c per
pound as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 13615 c: Moorpark, 15@18c.
PEACHES— PeeIed, 18#22c; unpeeled, 7H®9c.
COMMERCIAL AND FINACIAL NEWS
White Figs, 2@3c: Bleached Plums. B®9c; Un
bleached Plums, 7©7Hc for pitted and lttc for
unfitted. :-.:¦¦¦
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice, 9c; standard, 8c: prime. «c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, B%c; choice, 74c; standard. «He;
prime. sc; unbleached Sultanas. Be; Seedless.
50-lb boxes. sc: 2-crown, loose muscatels, BHc;
3-crown. 6^c; 4-crown. 7c: London Layers.
2-crown, $1 50 per box: 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa. $2 BO; Imperial, $1. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
NUTS— Chestnuts. B@9e; Walnuts. B«9c for
standards and 9® 10c for softshell; Almonds
llH@l2c for paper shell. 9<310c for soft and 4©
6c for hardshell: Peanuts. 5%©6% c for Eastern
and Be for California; Brazil Nuts. 7«©Bc- Fil
berts. 120124 c; Pecans, U@l3c; Cocoanuts. $4 50
©5.
HONEY— Comb, U%®l2c for.brlght and 10%0
lie for light amber: water white extracted
7%c; light amber extracted, T%®7%c; dark 6UO
6c per lb. ¦ • . * "
BEESWAX-24@26c per lb.
Provisions.
¦ CURED MEATS-Bacon. »*o per n> for
heavy. 100 for light medium, lie for light. 12c
for extra light and 13% c for sugar-cured; East
ern eugar-cured Hams, 13@13Hc: California
Hams, nominal; Mess Beef, $12 per bbl; -extra
Mess, $13, Family, $14; extra Prime Pork. $14 60
extra clear, $17; Mess, $16; smoked Beef, lie
per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6\®7c per lb for
compound and 8c for pure; halt-barrels, pure
B%c: 10-lb tins. B%c: 5-lb tins. 9c. '
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 7%@Sftc per lb: 10-lb
Mas. 9Hc. ,
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
W. B. Sumner"s circular says of Hides: "Wet
salted hides continue dull and stocks are accu
mulating. Few sales are reported, although
dealers are willing to make concessions to move
Hides. This condition can be expected until the
tanners have reduced the number of hides they
have now on hand.
"Dry Hides and Calf Skins are In better de
mand than salted stock, being free from grubs
and in good condition. They sell readily at
prices quoted.
"There is a fair demand and a steady market
for Horse Hides.
"Large quantities of Deerskins come to the
market from the North and Northwest and
Mexico. . The demand Is active, with prospects
for a well sustained tnnrket.
"Tallow Is fairly "active with a prospect of
Improvement." ¦?-,'.*&"¦*
HIDES AND gKIICS^-Culls ana brands sell
about lc under quotations.' Heavy salted steers
10%@ll%e; medium. 9%@10%c: light. 9%c:
Cowhides. 9%<S>loUc: Stags, 7r: Salted Klo, 9M.&
10%c;',Calf. 9%@10c; Dry Hides, sound. 18c:
culls and brands. 15®lfir; Dry Kip and Veal.
17c; Dry Calf, 19@20c; Sheepskins, yearlings, 15
67.0 c . each :. short Wool. 35V'«0c each: medium.
70if?90c: long Wool. $I@l 50 each; Horse Hides.
$2 2503 for large and $1 25@2 for small; Colts.
23«50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 5@5%c per lb; No.
2. <IM%c; refined, 6%c; grease, 2%@3c.
WOOL-
Fall clip. San Joaquln plains, 9®loc: South
ern. 81310 c; Middle County. ll@13c; Humboldt
•nd Mendoclno. 17®20e; Eastern Oregon. 13®18c;
Valley Oregon, 18@20c: Northern Mountain,
free, 11014 c; Northern Mountain, defective. 10©
lie per lb.
HOPS— 7©llc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Previous prices rule for all descriptloni.
BEEF— 6V*O7%c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— BOIOc per lb.
MUTTON- Wethers, B@S»4c; ewes. 74c per lb
LAMB— Spring, 12% c: yearlings, 9@loc per lb.'
PORK— Live Hogs, 5%c for small. 6%c for me
dium and 6*4@3%c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 6Vi®s%c; dressed Hogs, 7@B%c.
General Merchandise.
BAGP— Fan Quentln Bars. $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 6%@6%e: Wool Bags. 28%@32%<;;
Fleece Twine, 7%c.
COAL— Wellington, 18 per ton; new Welling
ton. 18; Southfleld Wellington. $7 50; Seattle,
|7; Bryant. $7: Coos Bay, }5 50; Wallsend, $S;
Co-operative Wallsend, $8; Scotch, ; Cum
berland, $12 In bulk and $13 50 In sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Cannel. $11 per
ton: Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and $17 In sacks.
SUGAR — The Western :3ugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, sHct Pow
dered, 6%c; Candy Granulated. 5%c; Dry Gran
ulated, 6%c: Confectioners* A. 6%c; Magnolia
A, 4%c; Extra C. 4%c:Golden C. 4%c: barrels,
l-16c more; half-bairels, %c more; boxes. Ho
more; 50-lb baes. He more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent
Domlnos. half -barrels, G!»c; boxes, 6Hc per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. FEBRUARY 19.
Flour, qr sks 3,34$ Quicksilver, flsks -50
Wheat, ctls 142,102 Leather, rolls ... 161
Barley, ctls 3,520 Sugar, sks 1.000
Oats, ctls 700; Beans, sks 367
Butter, ctls 263 Potatoes, sks ... 1.509
Cheese, ctls? 81 1 Onions; sks' 378
Tallow, ctls 204|Bran. sks 9SO
Broom Corn, bdls 609|Mlddllngs, sks .. 45
Pelts, bdls 140 Hay. tons 725
Hides, number .. 297iStraw, tons 16
Lime, bbls 455 1 Raisins, bxs 457
Wine, gals 66,030|H0p5, bags 20
Eggs, doz 11.610! Wool, bags 157
OREGON
Flour, qr sks.... 15,000 j Potatoes, sks ... 9,595
Oats, ctls 615|Onlons, sks 354
¦ ?
THE STOCK MARKET.
French country markets, dull. Weather In
England, cloudy
COTTON— Uplands, 5 l-16d.
CLOSING
LIVERPOOL, Feb. 19— CORN— Spot American
mixed. 3s B%d. Futures, steady; March.
3s 7%d; May, 3s 7%d.
WHEAT — Futures closed steady; March,
6s lOd; May. 6s 9%d; July, 6s 9%d.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Feb. 19.-Clearlngs, $354,377: bal
ances. $50,248. :. -;;.:.-
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Feb. 19.— Ships In the river are
becoming scarce and there are very few near at
hand, so that wheat-buyers are not forcing
matters. Walla Walla Is quoted at 63®64c;
Valley at 62c and Bluestem at 63c. There Is not
much business doing.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA. Feb. 19.— WHEAT— Club, 53% c;
Bluestem. 65% c.
• , '.A I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1900.
AUCTION SALES
GREATEST SALE OF TBEYEArI
£» jfes £a
* SIXTEEN ROYALLY BRED
RACEHORSES,
In 'full training from
BITTER ROOT STOCK FARM. Montana.
Property of Marcus Daly. Esq., .will be mid at
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
721 HOWARD ST.. NEAR THIRD.
THIS (TUESDAY) EVENING. Feb. 20. 1900.
At 8 o'clock sharp.
Remember there Is no reserve, and the fol-
lowing must be sold: Scotch Belle^ Burdock.
Bonltary. Cushion. Chaste. Harry Corby. In»-
modell. Malapert. Montana Chieftain. Th»
Oafflr. Time Center. Too Hot. Ullaeon, Ward-
man. Salvera and Shaft.
Horses will be in Section "P. Ingles j»
track, until Monday, then they will b» taken
to salesyard. .
Major S and several other noted racehonea
will also be sold during the evening.
WM. G. LAYNG, Livestock Auctioneer.
Catalogues ready.
AUCTION.
AUCTION AUCTION
THIS DAT.
TUESDAY, February 20th,
At 11 O'clock A. M..
ON PREMISES. 811-51S WASHINGTON ST..
GOVERNMENT SUPPLIES,
Consisting of 2000 Tents: 6000 Curtain* and
Net*: WOO Duck and Drill Mattress Covers: 1004
Sleeping Bags: 6500 Pillows: 4000 Shelter Tents:
600 German Silver Band Instruments. Bass and
Snare Drums: 100 Filters; 600 Galvanized Water
Buckets; 600 Assorted Shovels, etc
Contractors, Klondlkers. resort keeper*,
campers, hotels, steamboats, sallmakers. tent
and awning makers, attention called to this
sale. NEW YORK AUCTION CO..
Auctioneers.
OAKLAND— AUCTION— OAKLAND.
THIS DAY (TUESDAY!. February 20th.
at I o'clock sharp. 909 WASHINGTON ST.. b*~
tween Eighth and Ninth— loo LARGE IM-
PORTEP RUGS. L. SCHAFFER. Auctioneer.
CHICAGO. Feb. 19.— Corn sold to a standstill
without weakening, reacted on change by
shorts to-day and closed strong, May %o over
Saturday. May corn opened a shade under
Saturday at 34 V t i 3<Sf , attributable to j the
easiness of wheat. There waa no great de
mand, but offerings were absorbed readily and
May clung for hours around 34% c. Near the
close offerings became very scarce under heavy
buying to cover, and May Hhot up from 34% c
to 35%©-35% c, at which the market closed — %c
over Saturday. The strength developed by
wheat late in the session was attributable to
the bulge In the coarse cereal. The opening
was easy and Liverpool decltned on the In
crea«; In wheat and flour on passage. May
'ift'Hc under Saturday at 67% c. The advance
In Paris and the unfavorable weather reported
In France created a diversion In favor of the
bulls which pulled tne price up to fiS'nc. Trade
was dull, however, and a little profit-taking
sent May back to Initial figures. Shbrts cov
ered and May advanced to 6S%@6S%c, at which
It closed, He over Saturday.
A long line of oats was let out to-day which
was largely influential in holding that market
easy. The trade was not large. May closed a
shade up at 23%<@'23%e.
Provisions held their own the greater part
of the day because hog receipts were under
the estimate and turned firm with corn at the
close. Trade was not large and fluctuations
were narrow. May pork closed "V><s?lOc over
Saturday at $11® 11 02%; May lard 2%c im
proved and May ribs 2%c Improved.
The leading futures ranged as follows: .
Articles — » Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
February 65%
May 6S 65% 67% CS%
July 65% 69 68% 69
Corn No. 2—
February ' 33%
May 34% , 35% 34% 35%
July 35% 35% 35 35*;
Oats No. 2—
May 23% 23% 23% 23%
July 22% 22* i 22% 22%
Mess Pork, cer barrel —
May '....10 95 1100 10 92% 1100
July 10 97% 110214 10 95 1102%
Lard, t>er 100 pounds —
May 6 07% 6 07% 605 6 07%
July 615 6 17% 6 12% 6 17}*
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
May 6 00 6 05 COO 6 02%
July 6 02% 605 600 6 02%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady: No. 3 spring wheat, 63%<g69c:
No. 2 red, 70<S71c: No. 2 corn, 34@34%c;' No. 2
oatF, 234f23'4c; No. 3 white. 25@16c: No. 2 bar
ley, 36®43c: No. 1 flax seed. $1 60; prime timo
thy seed. $2 3Mi! «; mess pork, per ' bbl, $9 85
@10 95; lard, per 100 lbs, $5 80@5 95; short ribs
sides (loose), 15 90<g6 15; dry Vsalted shoulders
(boxed), 6%@6%c; . short clear! sides (boxed).
J'J 10fi6 15; sugar, cut loaf, J6 03; granulated,
$5 49. • . ¦ ¦
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 60,000 . 29,000
Wheat, bu 61,000 19,000
Corn, bu 482,000 479.000
Oats, bu 324,000 93,000
Rye. bu 9.000 3,000
Barley, bu 77,000 17.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creamer}'. 19@24c: dairy,
19@22c; cheese, firm, 12g13c; eggs, firm, fresh,
13c.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and . Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The hi«h and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
NOTE— In the above, exposition of the tides
the early moraine tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides -of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when ¦ a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters
8
O Time Time Time Time
£ Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
?HW LW HW LW
!0 ... t:!6 S.I t:ll "Tl 4:i: T? 8:44 "TI
!1 ... 3:10 5.2 10:22 1.1 5:30 3.* 9:39 2 9
!2 ..: 8:65 5.2 11:23 0.1 1:61 3.« 10:U S.I
a ... 4:65 C.2 .12:82 0.6 8:00 3.9
LW HW LW HW
!4 ... 0:16 3.2 »:03 8.3 1:31 0.2 8:62 4.1
!5 ... 1:23 3.1 7;13 6.4 2:24 —0.1 9:35 4.6
16 ... 2:2S 2.S 8:25 5.6 3.13—0.2 10:13 4 9
Steamer. I From. I Due.
From.
I Due.
Tellus [Oyster Harbor Feb. 2i>
Emp|re [Coos Bay Feb. 3>
Corona • ...iSan Diego iK"eo. v»»
00. W. Elder. | Portland Feb. 20
Arcata .- iCoo» Bay ( K«o. *.
Willamette ...t.lSeattle ». Feb. 20
Homer .. |Portland |Feb. 21
Uiratllla Victoria &*Puset Souna>K«o. 21
Matteawan ..... Tacoma.. J Feb. 21
Orizaba Humboldt.....: Feb. tl
Aloha Crescent City Feb. 21
Bonlta Newport KeD. »
Point Arena.... Point Arena Ftb. 22
North Fork Humboldt Feb. 23
Denmohr Oyster Harbor Feb. Tl
Sunol Oray» Harbor JFeb. 23
Columbia - P0rt1and...'............:.. Feb. :»
Pomona San Diego Feb. 24
America Maru.. China and Japan......... Feb. 24
Bristol Oyster Harbor Fel* 2*
Ruth Coos Bay Feb. 24
A; Blanchard .. Cooa Bay Feb. 24
Crescent City... Crescent City Feb. 25
Samoa Humboldt F?:>. 26
Coob' Bay ....... Newport Feb. 16
Queen .... •.. Victoria & Puget Sound Feb. M
Coqullle River.'. Grays Harbor... Feb. 27
Curacao Mexico Feb. 27
Australia Honolulu Feb. 27
Leander ........ I Kotchlnotzu.....' Feb. 27
State of Cal....] Portland .JFeb. 29
Steamer.
Deaticatlon.
Sails.
Pier
Walla Wa. Vie & P»t Sd. Feb. 20. 10 arajPUr »
Cocs Bay... Newport Feb. 20. » amlPler 11
Aberdeen .. Pu»et Sound.. Feb. 20. Bpm I Pier t
Airata Cooa Bay Feb. «. 4 pm(Pler 13
Alameda ...iSydney Feb. 21, Bpm Pier ?
Samoa |Humboldt [Feb. 22. 19 am|Pter 13
State of Cai|Portland |Feb. 22. W amilter x»
Corona ISan IMeco Feb. 22. 11 amiPler il
Homw fOreson Ports. F«b. 22. 10am|Pter 20
San Pedro.. Kumboldt Feb. 22. 4pm Pier 13
Aloha Crescent City. Feb. 23. 4 pmjPler S
Orizaba Humboldt Feb. 23. 2pm Pier »
Blanchard . Cooa Bay Feb. 24. spm Pier U
Bonlta San Pedro Feb. 24. 9am Pier 11
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Feb. 24. 2pm Pier S
City Puebla Vie & P*t B<J. F«b. 25. 10 am Pier »
North ForklHumboldt Feb. 25.
Pomona ...jSan Dletro Feb. 26. 11 am'P'.er 11
Coptic |Chlna& Japan Feb. X. Ipm PMSS
Columbia ..IPortland...... F«b. 27. 10 am; Pier 24
Steamer. I From. I Due.
From.
I Due.
Tellus [Oyster Harbor Feb. 2i>
Emp|re [Coos Bay Feb. 3>
Corona • ...iSan Diego iK"eo. v»»
00. W. Elder. | Portland Feb. 20
Arcata .- iCoo» Bay ( K«o. *.
Willamette ...t.lSeattle ». Feb. 20
Homer .. |Portland |Feb. 21
Uiratllla Victoria &*Puset Souna>K«o. 21
Matteawan ..... Tacoma.. J Feb. 21
Orizaba Humboldt.....: Feb. tl
Aloha Crescent City Feb. 21
Bonlta Newport KeD. »
Point Arena.... Point Arena Ftb. 22
North Fork Humboldt Feb. 23
Denmohr Oyster Harbor Feb. Tl
Sunol Oray» Harbor JFeb. 23
Columbia - P0rt1and...'............:.. Feb. :»
Pomona San Diego Feb. 24
America Maru.. China and Japan......... Feb. 24
Bristol Oyster Harbor Fel* 2*
Ruth Coos Bay Feb. 24
A; Blanchard .. Cooa Bay Feb. 24
Crescent City... Crescent City Feb. 25
Samoa Humboldt F?:>. 26
Coob' Bay ....... Newport Feb. 16
Queen .... •.. Victoria & Puget Sound Feb. M
Coqullle River.'. Grays Harbor... Feb. 27
Curacao Mexico Feb. 27
Australia Honolulu Feb. 27
Leander ........ I Kotchlnotzu.....' Feb. 27
State of Cal....] Portland .JFeb. 29
O Time Time Time Time
£ Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
?HW LW HW LW
!0 ... t:!6 S.I t:ll "Tl 4:i: T? 8:44 "TI
!1 ... 3:10 5.2 10:22 1.1 5:30 3.* 9:39 2 9
!2 ..: 8:65 5.2 11:23 0.1 1:61 3.« 10:U S.I
a ... 4:65 C.2 .12:82 0.6 8:00 3.9
LW HW LW HW
!4 ... 0:16 3.2 »:03 8.3 1:31 0.2 8:62 4.1
!5 ... 1:23 3.1 7;13 6.4 2:24 —0.1 9:35 4.6
16 ... 2:2S 2.S 8:25 5.6 3.13—0.2 10:13 4 9
Steamer.
Deaticatlon.
Sails.
Pier
Walla Wa. Vie & P»t Sd. Feb. 20. 10 arajPUr »
Cocs Bay... Newport Feb. 20. » amlPler 11
Aberdeen .. Pu»et Sound.. Feb. 20. Bpm I Pier t
Airata Cooa Bay Feb. «. 4 pm(Pler 13
Alameda ...iSydney Feb. 21, Bpm Pier ?
Samoa |Humboldt [Feb. 22. 19 am|Pter 13
State of Cai|Portland |Feb. 22. W amilter x»
Corona ISan IMeco Feb. 22. 11 amiPler il
Homw fOreson Ports. F«b. 22. 10am|Pter 20
San Pedro.. Kumboldt Feb. 22. 4pm Pier 13
Aloha Crescent City. Feb. 23. 4 pmjPler S
Orizaba Humboldt Feb. 23. 2pm Pier »
Blanchard . Cooa Bay Feb. 24. spm Pier U
Bonlta San Pedro Feb. 24. 9am Pier 11
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Feb. 24. 2pm Pier S
City Puebla Vie & P*t B<J. F«b. 25. 10 am Pier »
North ForklHumboldt Feb. 25.
Pomona ...jSan Dletro Feb. 26. 11 am'P'.er 11
Coptic |Chlna& Japan Feb. X. Ipm PMSS
Columbia ..IPortland...... F«b. 27. 10 am; Pier 24NEW POSTOFFICE
WILL BE RUSHED
OAKLAND, Feb. 19.— The United States
District Attorney at Sari Francisco has
passed upon the titles , to the site of the
new Oakland Postofllce and declared them
to be good. " •
The abstract has been forwarded to
the authorities at -Washington. As soon
as It has arrived there and has been "In
dorsed by the Treasury Department the
plans will be drafted- and bios -will be ad
vertised. Congressman Metcalf is per
sonally looking. after the matter and will
rush it as fast as possible.
CONTEST OVER
JOHNS ESTATE
, '.:„. .. . .._.:, _^_ r _- . . ¦ ./-._ v ,
HeirS Object to Payment
;¦ of a Note.
Special Dispatch to The -Call.
WOODLAND, Feb. 19. — There is a pros
pect of a big legal battle over the estate
of George Washington Johns. He died in
May of last year, leaving quite an estate,
the bulk of which consisted of property
in Colusa County. ; , ¦ '
When the will was published it was dis
covered that it made no provision for
George W. or Mary Gregory, two grand
children. Later a claim was presented to
the executors for $10,000, based upon a
promissory note dated July 7, IS9B. pur
porting to be executed by the deceased
and made payable jointly, to George W.
and Mary Gregory.
For a time there were many rumors of a
contest, and some of the relatives openly
charged that the note was a forgery. The
executors, however, allowed the claim
and the court confirmed their action.
The hearing of their account came up In
the Superior Court this morning, and
Tardy Allen, a grandson, and Polly Ann
Friel, a daughter of the deceased, filed an
objection. While It does not declare that
the note Is a forgery. It alleges that it Is
not a claim against the estate, and inti
mates that It was never executed by the
defendant. The matter will be heard next
Monday.
NIUSTGET TITLE
FROM STATE OR
PRIVATE OWNERS
Legal Opinio^pn West
Oakland Uock.
\ Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1113 Broadway, Feb. 19.
The city of Oakland cannot build
wharves on the west side of its water
frontage without recognizing the title of
either the State or private holders. Such
Is the obstacle in the way of any Immedl
: ate realization of the project to construct
a dock, contemplated In the proposed
bond Issue. '
. City Attorney Dnw has furnished to the
Board of Public Works a report concern-
Ing the titles to the lands necessary to be
taken. He finds that the decision of the
Supreme - Court In the water front case
vests the ownership to lands between
bulkhead and pierhead lines south of
Twenty-second street In the State. North
to the city line the lands are not Included
In the decision, but Attorney Dow says:
"It Is generally conceded that these lands
are held In private ownership by grantees
of the State."
Oakland cannot acquire the use of the
State' 9 holdings except by an act of tha
Legislature, nor of the private posses
sions unless by- purchase or condemna
tion.
The report was made upon a request by
the City Council, which had under con
sideration the wharf proposition. City
Attorney Dow shows only the method of
procedure which must be followed in case
the wharf plan shall be Included In the
bond issue. This question Is among those
which have been submitted to the dti
tens' committee of one hundred for con
sideration.
ARMY'S DEFECTS
TO BE REMEDIED
Bill Drafted by Secre
tary Root./ -
V/ASHINGTON. Feb. 19— The Secretary
<.¦* War. has .sent to the chairman of' .the
S-. i.aic- and House Military Affairs Com
mtitee a draft of 'a bill which greatly
j-trerifuhecs the. military 'system and rem
ediai defects oeveioped during the Span
ish-American war.
Tne bill" -\* as introduced in the House
to-day by Chairman Hull. A chief feat
i.:e of., tne legislation .asked for provides
! t one third of the promotions to be made
;. selection. This is to enable the Presl
dextt u> reward especially gallant and m«r
itorloua services. It recognizes both length
. ::g social timers of service, and Its au
ihors dsjm that its provisions are so
, .'.(Hd that only the most deserving
tuuil receive fcpeCuU recognition, and in
..¦j cunt be "the creatures ol personal or
tjuliucal intervention.- .'y : "
llitr.liill gives the President control of
the ttr.iire of office of heads of staft" de
. Lrtmenf . and he may, by and with the
fcdvtca and consent of the Senate, mak? a
:.ct* head of & department at any time
v. hen, in his Judgment, the efficiency of
I • service would be increased thereby—
Urn oltleer relieved being transferred to
liie retired list. This places tue army staff
• n about the same tooting as heads of
the navy staff departments. The only
;.nTn«"«iia.te result -under this provision
¦nx&ld be the probable retirement of Gen
erjfcl Cgan, commissary general, now un
c rgoing suspension. In the adjutant
{-•i.eiitl and inspector general's depaxt
urent there will be- no further appolnt
ments but by detail from the -next lower
trade of the line for a term of four j'ears.
«..'fl;c:a]s say this will give a large num
ber of experienced etaff offlcers to meet
:..:.• requirements and the emergencies
C f active service. . -These selections, too,
ore to be made on recommendations of
boards of ofHcers appointed to ascertain
i lie records and fitness of officers for these
uetails.
The quartermaster and subsistence de-
I'&rlnient, the ordnance and signal corps
i.re also to be filled in like manner. None
< { these provisions for details in any way
interfere with the tenure of officers now
iri the regular staff departments or with
rLeir. promotions as now provided by law.
They, will, however, serve one year in five
%\lth such branch of the line as the 'Sec
retary of War may designate.
¦Tfc* .reorganization of the artillery, the
c»ly change proposed in the line of the
army, is based on advanced ideas that
i»r«i larpely in use in other countries, and
is called for by the present system ofsea
coast defense. It Insures the care of the
heavy ordnance and the training ot offi
cers and men to handle -these guns in
active service:
Th^ office of post chaplain Is abolished,
i.nd "a chaplain provided for each regi
r.ent of the line of the army, regular and
volunteer. The chaplain's rank and pay
tro made those of a captain mounted.
The proposed Increase . of the artillery
¦Bill be made by distribution of men from
oher arms of the service, and will not in
crease the strer.gth of the service.
Fruit Jars can be • quickly and easily
sealed or opened by a new machine, which
has -two independent levers, ¦ provided
with adjustable collars, to engage the
cover and Jar respectively, a pull on the
levers tightening the collars and turning
the cover.
An Austrian has patented a new method
of floor construction, which reD!acf.s
heavy arches of stone and Iron for Coor
construction, brackets being attached to
the upright posts for the anchorage of
wire cables, which are strung across the
floors and utilized to support cement cell-
loss. :¦;-*-.
Custom-House Appointments.
Philip Dusenburj'i opener and packer
In the Appraiser's department of the Cus
tom-house, has been appointed messenger
No. 7/vlce M. C. Selden, deceased. . Theo
dore K. Romaine. classified employe No.
1, haa- been appointed . sampler No. 4,
cla«s 1.""' The latter Is a new office created
recently. Both positions are under the
civil service system, and the applicants
passed a non-competitive examination, tu>
required by the rules. ¦>"
Alexander Adjudged Insane.
OAKLAND, Feb. 19.-George W. Alex,
ander,-. the v well-known San -Francisco
hardware merchant, who was stricken
with homicidal mania and apoplexy yes
terday, has-been committed to a private
sanitarium at Livermore. He was pro
nounced* Insane by Drs/ Dunn and Pratt
to-day, but Judge - Ellsworth ..permitted
him to be sent to the private' institution
at the request of , his' family. :The.phyel
cians think that by good care and rest the
patient may recover.
To Arrange a Naval Funeral.
OAKLAND, Feb. 19.— Mayor Snow has
been requested by a number of citizens
to ask the Secretary of the Navy to ar
range for a naval funeral for. the late
Commander Nichols of the monitor Mo
nadnock. who died at Manila. . The de
ceased officer was a resident of Oakland
for ten years. His body will be interred
here. The remains are expected to ar
rive about March 1 on the transport So
lace.
Sent to the Asylum.
OAKLAND. Feb. 19.— Cornelius Jones,
the maniac who made a murderous attack
on Warden Page of the Receiving Hos
pital yesterday, has been ordered sent to
the Stockton Asylum by Judge Hall. Drs.
Tlsdale and Holmstead. who examined the
man, pronounced him. incurably Insane.
Memories of the Transvaal.
Dr. Frederick W. d'Evelyn, a well
known physician of this city, and presi
dent, of the Geographical Society of Cali
fornia, lectured last night before a large
audience in Golden Gate Hall on "Mem
ories ' of the Transvaal." The doctor
proved an interesting talker and gave his
auditors' an Intelligent description of the
country now overrun by., modern armies.
His knowledge was not gained in books,
but was from ;• actual- experience: He
gathered this knowledge while a member
of the Natal field force and Pretoria siege
garrison. During the first real trouble in
the Transvaal' the; doctor was wounded
during a hot engagement with the Boers.
Stereoptlcon : views made from pictures
taken by the speaker were used to Illus
trate, the lecture. .-, •-> . . ..
Boys' Brigade for South Africa.
The organizer and first captain of the
Boys', Brigade In Liverpool has received
a communication from the commander
in-chlef-In connection with the proposed
special corps of old members of the Boys'
Brigade for hospital = service in South
Africa." He has had applications to Join
the service from allparts.of the. United
Kingdom. Individuals who hold ambu
lance certificates may apply to Join the St.
John Ambulance Brigade and may be se
lected by, the commissioner for. service In
case further detachments are required.
They must be over ,2o.years of age. un
married < and physically fit for service in
South Africa.-^ • ¦ ' '¦' -
Suicide From Despondency.
OAKLAND, Feb. 19.— The body of the
man found in the estuary near the Web
ster-street bridge last Saturday nighl has
been identified as that of J. A. Strom
berg, a tailor In the employ of M. Buck
stein'of 553 Seventh street. He recently
came from Salt Lake and was despond
ent because he had become afflicted with
deafness. . _ .'• *
FITZGERALD AND ABBOTT
GO TO SAN FRANCISCO
OAKLAND, Feb.. 19.— R. M. Fitzgerald,
Ptate Prison Director 'and one of the lead
ers of the Democratic party in Oakland, Is
going to move his law business to San
Francisco, and with him will go his part
ner. Carl H. Abbott. They have formed
a partnership with .'Donald Y. Campbell
and E. S. Fowler, of the firm of Campbell
& Fowler, and the new firm will be known
as Campbell. Fltrgerald, Abbott & Fow
ler and will have offices In the Ban Fran
cisco Savings^ Union building. Mr. Fitz
gerald will not give up his Oakland resi
dence and will continue to live here. He
will also maintain his present law offices
in Oakland until he can close what liUga.
tlon he has on hand here.
Mr. Fitzgerald has been one of the lead
ers of the Oakland bar and has had as
good a list of clients as any attorney in the
city. He has been so prominent in Demo
cratic State politics that this move to .San-
Francisco haa been expected for some
time.
WANTED TO STOP
RAILROAD TRAFFIC
OAKLAND, Feb. 19.— Mrs. Mary Aud
wlck, who resides at the Oakland House
on Seventh street, attempted^ flag^ a
local train op that thoroughfare to-day
and ran counter to Flagman B. Michael
Burns and Policeman Stahl.
She said her child had been run over
and killed on Seventh street and she pro
posed to stop the running of railroad
trains along the highway, even though
she had to shoot somebody to do so. After
receiving some quieting advice the woman
went home, apparently satisfied to post
pone the suspension of traffic.
Mrs. Audwick became violently crazy
to-night, and is now locked up in the in
sane ward of the Receiving Hospital. Her
mind has been impaired before, and some
time ago she spent eighteen months in
an Insane asylum. The woman possesses
two children, one nine and the other three
years of age. They have both suffered
from the most utter neglect, and were in
a pitiable condition when discovered by
the police. The officers turned the little
ones over to Mrs. Prescott, manager of
the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children, and that association is now
caring for them.
MATRON FOR CITY PRISON
SECURED BY CLUB LADIES
OAKLAND, Feb. 19,.^-The ladles of the
Oakland Club secured from the City Coun
cil what they"could not secure from the
Supervisors. The Council to-night created
the position of Matron for the Oakland
City Prison, and the Board of Police and
Fire Commissioners will, appoint Mrs.
Lina Rice to the position. ' ...
Mrs. Rice will now divide her time be
tween the City Prison and the County
Jail, . carrying on her work with the
women prisoners, unless the. County Jail
is closed against her. Of course the city
cannot be expected to pay for work done
in the County Jail, bo the women of the
Oakland Club have raised a subscription
and will pay Mrs. Rice themselves for
work done at the County Jail. This has
been done under the presumption that
Mrs. Rice will be allowed access to the
women's. ward of -the County Jail, for It
Is not expected that any opposition will be
encountered from Sheriff Rogers.
May Save Smalley's Arm.
Special Dispatch to The Call. '\
TUCSON. Feb. 19.^-J. D. Milton, the
"Wells-Fargo express messenger, who was
shot in the hold-up at Fairbanks last
Thursday,' underwent an operation yes
terday and two and one-half inches of
shattered bone .was taken from his arm.
The surgeon at the hospital thinks he will
save the arm. • . •
Carbrey's Case.
The case of Thomas Carbrey. charged
with assault to murder Fannie Hall, the
variety actress, was again called in Judga
Mogan's court yesterday. It -was con
tinued until to-morrow. Although Miss
Hall has left the city the. police are de
termined . to push the case, aa they con
sider they have sufficient evidence with
out her. - - * -
Mary Kennedy's Will.
The will of Mary Kennedy, who died
January IS, leaving an estate valued at
$95,000. was filed for probate yesterday.
The heirs and devisees of the deceased are
Bridget Byrne. Nellie Van Klrke. Philip
Kennedy, William Kennedy. Edward
Kennedy, Cornelius J. Kennedy, Frances
Kennedy and Irene Kennedy. Cornelius
J. Kennedy is named as executor of tha
will.
FATHER AND SON
ABE ACCUSED OF
BRUTAL ASSAULT
Grave Charges in a
Divorce Case.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Feb. 19.
In a bill for divorce filed by Mary Ann
Hart to-day against John Hart, a wealthy
citizen of Berkeley, the woman accuses her
husband and his grown-up son by a forroT
marriage with the .most violent kind of
cruelty. She claims that she was beaten
by one and battered by the other on bo
many different occasions and with such
great severity that she finally was, com
pelled to leave her home through fear of
her life.
The complainant was married to the se
nior Hart at San Francisco on May 27.
1894, and according to her narration of
grievances she has lived unhappily almost
ever since the ceremony was performed.
She asserts that her husband has a most
violent-temper and that a similar one was
evidently inherited by his son. v .
"Oftentimes my husband has urged his
son by his first wife to beat me," she al
leged, "and when the young man obeyed
the father would look on and make ap
proving remarks while the young fellow
rained Dlow after blow upon my head and
body with his big fists."
At other times the old man Is accused
of creating a diversion In his household
imbroglios by allowing his brawny son to
act -as spectator while he pummeled his
much abused spouse. Another method,
which lent novelty to these fisticuff af
fairs, was for both sire and son to make
a simultaneous attack upon the" woman.
Her troubles culminated, she declared,
on the Bth of this month. At the beating
she received then, she says, she was ren
dered unconscious and afterward had to
flee to the house of a neighbor to avoid be
injr murdered. The couple have two small
children. Hart is said to be individually
worth' upward of $15,000, besides which
there Is a large amount of community
property. She wants a divorce, a division
of the estate and alimony.
OAKLAND'S BOND
ELECTION MUST
BE POSTPONED
Lack of Money and
Time the Cause.
OAKLAND, 'Feb. 19. -^-Councilman Bar
stow introduced a resolution In the Coun
cil to-night ordering the revocation of the
appointment of M. K. Miller as consulting
engineer at {200 a month to aid In the pro
posed bond issue. As a reason for doing
so the sponsor of the measure stated that,
owing to a deficit In the city's finances,
the inability to have voters registered in
time and other obstacles, it will be im
possible to have the bond election held
during the present fiscal year. For that
reason he thought the retention of Mr.
Miller would entail an unnecessary ex
pense. The resolution was referred to the
committee of the whole without comment.
Mayor Snow sent a veto of the ordinance
calling for bids for a new City Hall site. As
a reason his Honor stated that before pass-
Ing such a measure It should first be
learned whether the people wanted a new
City Hall. He also thought that the spe
cial citizens' committee should be con
sulted before taking any final action.
¦ "We do not need any advice from special
committees of citizens," declared Council
man Mott. "and I move that the veto be
overruled. It was. done without any
more dlscuwion. .;.
A resolution of regret over the death of
the late Councilman Charles H. Kramm
was unanimously passed by the Council.
Copies were ordered engrossed to be pre
sented to v the widow and mother of the
deceased. • ¦
B. FAY MILLS
MAY START A
PEOPLE'S CHURCH
His Oakland Term Is
Nearly Ended.
¦ . • • ? .. ¦
Oakland office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. 19.
Rev. B. Fay Mills, the present pastor
of the First Unitarian Church of this
city, may establish a people's church in
San Francisco, similar to that instituted
by him in Boston. Mr. Mills' agreement
wlth'the Oakland church closes with the
present month, and he has not yet an
nounced his plans for the future,
Mr. Mills Is now delivering a series of
sermons on Sunday evenings at the Met
ropolitan Temple in San Francisco. These
are believed to be preliminary to the
foundation of such a church as Mr. Mills
had in Boston should he decide to leave
Oakland and begin his work across . the
bay. ¦ . . • - .
Colonel John P. Irish has been appoint
ed a committee of one by the trustees of
the First Unitarian Church to confer with
Mr. Mills as to his plans for the future.
Colonel Irish has not yet seen Mr. Mills,
but he will do so In time to report to the
annual meeting of the church on Friday
evening next.
With regard to his plans Mr. Mills-made
the following statement this morning:
I have 'made no decision yet concerning my
plans for the immediate future. I came to this
coast to rest and had not the slightest Inten
tion of preaching In San Francisco. 1 did
not even Intend to preach In Oakland, and have
consented to do so thus far only on condition
that I have n« pastoral obligations. I am
deeply Interested In the Oakland church and
regard it as one of the most promising organi
zations In the country. It. la also true that
there are a number of San Franciscans who
wish me to speak there.
I have not conferred with the Oakland trus
tees yet and no one on earth knows whether I
will preach in San Francisco or Oakland, oi In
I will carry out my original plan and spend a
year In retirement. I speak next Sunday morn-
Ing in the Oakland church and In the after
noon In the Metropolitan Temple In San Fran
cisco, but have made no further engagements
anywhere.
COEUR D'ALENE INQUIRY.
House Committee Spends a Day Dis- '
cussing Procedure.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 19.— The investiga
tion, of charges as to the conduct of the
I'nited States military forces under Brig
adier-General Merriam during the Idaho
mining troubles last summer began to
r.uy before the House Committee on Mili
:;>.ryAffairs. Governor Steuner.berg of Ida
ho. State Auditor Sinclair. General Al'sr
r;am, ex-General Master Workman-Sover
«lgp of :he Knights of Labor, E. J. Flani-
Ki:i of the Idaho Legislature, a migistrite
¦ : Mullan. Idaho, and a considerable dclo
f^.itioii of miners from the Coeur d'Alene
ti.?trict were present.
The entire time was consumed in dis
cussing the manner of procedure. Several
r.<»inbers wanted Representative Lentz,
who started the inquiry 1 , to act as com
] !air,ant and prosecutor, but he declined
to accept this position, and urged that
lhere should be a free and full investiga
tion. He said there was no partisanship
In the lnveptigat«o»,jandjie merely wished
to g£t at the charges, which labor organi
zations regarded aa serious and which
w«re wisely made in the press.
Representative Marsh of Illinois also
urged that as Lentz had formulated the
charges he ehould proceed in his own way.
There should be the fullest investigation,
"so that It couid not be. said anything was
'smothered.' "
Chairman Hull did not think the com
mittee could abdicate its functions to
la?mz. Marsh resented this remark as a
misinterpretation of his position, and Hull
disavowed any such purpose.
A resolution by Hay of Virginia that the
complaining witness be first examined
was df-bated at length and without r..*
pult. The committee adjourned until to
ruorrow morning, when it is expected the
line of procedure will be adopted and the !
txamination of witnesses begun.
QUEENSBERRY DESIRED
A PECULIAR BURIAL
Asked That His Body Be Cremated
and the Ashes Be Placed in
the Earth Unenclosed. _..'-
LONDON., Ftb. 19.— A codicil to the will
of the Marquis. of Queensberry, who died
en February' l. made the following pro
visions:
"At my death I wish to be cremated
end "direct that my ashes be placed In
IBe earth unenclosed— "Earth to earth,
i-shes- to ashts I—in1 — in any 'spot convenient
t:mt I have loved. 1 particularly request
That no Christian mummeries or tpm
(ooletT be i><?rformed &t the grave, but
that I be buried as an agnostic. If It
should be a comfort to any on*>, there is
:. }jl«Hy of friends who would .come to
iuv a few words of common sense.
"No monument will be required, nor
profession, as the ashes can be carried
G a" man^s hand. If the places I mention
to mv son should be inconvenient for my
burUL the*n any place would suffice
where the *=tar? shall ever shed their
liKfci and the sun shall gild each rising
morn.". : '' :^\ ; ~'- ¦ • ¦ - .
CLOVERDALE CITRITS FAIR
This . Year's Exhibit Promises to
Eclipse All Former Efforts.
f-!"-ia! i>i!-:iatch to The Call .
CIyOVERDALE. Feb. IS.— Everything is
jjrogressing in fine shape for the coming
citrus fair, which begins to-morrow. Peo
ple have been rather slow in preparing
their exhibits, and consequently but few
ere In readiness up to this time, but the
pavilion is a typical beehive of men and
women, boys and girls running here and
there with a vim and perseverance that
only a pride in the industry can prompt.
Knun an axxii*tic standpoint and also
Irorn a 6ta»dj>oint of line fruit the coming
r»jr will e»:'ipse anything heretofore seen
in this little city. The design? will rep
lesfnt ih> "Olympia"' with Dewey on the
¦ bridge, the "Dewey Arch," a lighthouse.
chariot; cutter (sleigh), and many other
artistic designs which are not yet In
place. The fruit t.us year Is very fine.
Literal prizes have been offered by the
manaKemoiit of the association for the
most artistic displays, hence the rivalry
along that line.
An excursion rate of one fare for the
round trip has been arranged from San
Francisco, going and returning during the
fair. Sonoma county day, which will be
en .th« 22d, will undoubtedly be the big
ri:ty of the fair. There will be present
that day the California Glee Club and
Mandolin Club under the name of the
'California Entertainers," composed of
fifty musicians and comedians. Besides
this there v.ill be the Petaluma bafld. as
wpII as the local and Healdsburg bands,
which. last will furnish music during the
ratlre fair. The Hon. P. c. Rossi of San
3 raneiseo will deliver the opening address
Tuesday evening; wine, art and other
«>:h;i/;_«- will be In evidence during .• the
fair. All the principal business bouses ar«
d«»corat<d for the occasion and everything
3s in gala attire.
Transport Overdue.
PORTLAND. Or., Feb. I*.— The United
Etates transport Lennox, en route from
Manila to Portland. Is now out twenty
tl-.ree days from Kobe, and unless she-ar
rive* within, the next forty-oijjht hours
Thpre will be some uneasiness as to. hei
condition. She Is - considered a very
etanch vessel and it is not thought that
fenythins serious has happened to her.
OAKLAND, Feb. 19.— Two pretty chorus girls from Morosco'a opera company sang a plaintive duetto an obdurate cop
last night In vain endeavor to melt his heart and secure their freedom. They were scorching across the Twelfth
street dam when Policeman Turner gathered them In for violating tho bicycle ordinance In riding on the sidewalk.
At the station they gave the names of Miss Jennie Ennls and Mrs. Addie Arnold, and they warbled "Mr. Johnson,
Turn Me Loose," in the ear of Pollcollce Captain Wilson.
"You'll have to get somebody to go your ball first," chirped the captain in his choicest basso profundo notes. •
Neither the ladles of the chorus nor several other members of the company who appeared atthe City Prison later had
the requisite $10. Landers Stevens of the Dewey Theater was finally appealed to, and he got the'young women out of their
predicament by advancing the cash. First there were tears and then there was a whirlwind of anger. They were goingto
make Oakland and its ungallant police department return Mr. Stevens' money, and they were going to fight the case and
the police in every court in the land. . .
But the fair maids from the dramatic world across the bay evidently changed their minds to-day. When their names
were called there was never a sound, and then Mr. Stevens' $10 went to make up the deficit that is facing the city of Oak
land.
AGAINST FORTIFICATION
OF NICARAGUA CANAL
Senator Perkins Favors the Hay- "
Pauncefote Treaty.
Mayor Phelan yesterday received a com- .
munication from Senator Perkins. In
which he outlines bla position on the pro- .
posed Nicaragua Canal as follows:
¦WASHINGTON. D. C. Feb. 13. 1300.
Hon. James D. Phelan. Mayor. San Francisco.
Cai— My Dear Sir: I am In receipt of your tele- -
gram of the 10th Inst. relative to the necessity
(or fortifying th« Nicaragua, canal. That is a
question on which there Is a diversity of opin
ion. lam Inclined to think that the best naval
and military opinion Is against fortification. It
is urged, and, I think, urged forcibly, that the
only effective protection for the canal will be
from our fleet with suitable banes In the i';inh
bean Sea. no one of which should be Greytown.
It Is pointed out that an enemy In front could
blockade the canal In spite of all fortiacation.
while in the rear a single man with ten pounds
of dynamite could destroy the waterway. There
fore it Is deemed that it would b« a waste of
money to build defenses; that an equal amount
of money expended on battleships and bases
of supply would be far more effective.
It Is thought to have been made clear from
the late war that the nation which commands
the Caribbean Sea will control the canal, and
that there could be no defense of the canal .
against a power that controlled the sea. That
seems to be the military Judgment, aa far a3
It has yet been given, but the discussion Is not
yet over; Indeed. It has Just begun. I give the
above argument for what it is worth. As for
myself, desiring the best for the canal. I am
listening to all the arguments and hope to de
cide right when the time comes.
The recently proposed Hay-Pauncefote treaty
has a bearing upon the canal which Is beln*
made use- of by the enemies of that enterprise.
The opposition to the treaty seems to be in all
respects the same that has always opposed th»
canal. It seems to come from the game quarter
and to be actuated by the same spirit. It Is
therefore In my opinion an opposition to the
canal Itself. Th's confirms me in my confidence
in the* Justness and advisability of the meaa
ure and I shall vot» for It unless I find that
the people of California are opposed. I remain,
yours verr truly. QEOROE c _ p^^g.
CIVILIANS AVAILABLE
FOR ARMY POSITIONS
War Department to Keep' Lists of
Men Who Are Equipped for
Instant Service.
WASHINGTON. Feb. M.-Secretary
Root has turned over to General Ludlow
his plan to secure the creation of a re
serve list of persons in civil life who are
fully equipped for Instant military ser
vice. General Ludlow has been instructed
to work out the details of the plan in or
der that the War Department may be en
abled to submit a tangible operative
scheme for the approval of Congress,
which body must supply certain legisla
tion. • ,
¦ The Secretary's purpose Is to have the
military schools and colleges of the coun
try brought Into close touch with the reg
ular army, and records kept of the gradu
ates when they go Into civil life, espe
cially if they join the National Guard.
President Wheeler of the University of
California was at the War . Department
to-day and talked over the college phase
of the project with Secretary Root. The
result is expected to be that in time of
war or emergency necessitating the sud
den increase of the army there will be a
long roll of available men for appoint
ment.
NARROWLY ESCAPED DEATH
BEHIND A FRIGHTENED TEAM
Horses Driven by Mrs. Johnson
Stopped by Constable Miller at
a Railroad Crossing.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Feb. 19.— Mrs. Frank
Johnson, wife of the prominent merchant,
almost met death to-day behind two
maddened horses. Mrs. Johnson, who Is
an efficient horsewoman, was driving a
spirited team down Petaluma avenue
when an umbrella In the hands of two
schoolboys caused the animals to take
fright. They dashed down the avenue to
Lansel street, where they swerved, strik
ing the pole against a tree and snapping
Mrs. Johnson then lost all control of the
frantic animals, which tore at full speed
toward the railway depot. Deputy Con
stable Alfonso Miller, however, met them
and, seizing the bridles, managed to check
their career as they were about to collide
with a freight car. % .
CASH SETTLEMENT
FOR ARTHUR GRISSOM
New York Poet and Social Lion Get 3
$30,000 for Permitting His Wife
to Get a Divorce.
KANSAS CITY. Feb. 19.— Arthur Gris
som, a poet and editor of a society paper
published in New York City, to-day dis
missed his suits for $110,000 damages Insti
tuted against his father-in-law. Dr. W..S.
Woods, president of the National Bank of
Commerce, on December 9 last, for
alienating the affections of his wire and
breach of contract. The terms of the
settlement are said to Include the- pay
ment to Grissom of JCO.OuO, while Mrs.
Grissom is allowed a divorce, the resti
tution of her maiden name, Julia Stone
Woods, and the custody of their 2-year
old child. Mrs. Grissom filed her suit for
divorce this morning and a decree was
granted her within a few hours time. ¦
All concerned are well known in society
and literary circles here and in New York.
¦ *
Stole a Bicycle.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARYSVILLE, Feb. 19.— Under Instruc
tions from the Orovllle authorities the po
lice arrested a fifteen-year-old girl, named
Grade Lund, in one of the hotels last
evening. Grade, who Is the daughter of
blacksmith Lund of Oroville, is wanted
for taking a bicycle belonging to Dr.
Jteardan of that place several days ago.
She made the trip to this city in easy
stages and eluded the officers en route.
She arrived oh the afternoon train from
Honcut Sunday. An officer arrived from
Oroville to-day and will take her home
to-night.
Scarlet Fever at Lodi.
LODI, Feb. 19.— Four cases of • scarlet
fever have developed here during the pest
week. The disease has been traced to a
nurse who had been attending scarlet
fever cases -In Sacramento County. Evi
dently she had not taken precautionary
measures, for after visiting with two fam
ilies/the disease broke out in them. The
afflicted ' families are of a faith healing
belief, but they are now in rigid quaran
tine and receiving the best of medical at
tendance, whether they believe In its ef
ficacy or not. Dr. Stannard, . the local
Health Officer, has ordered a general
clean-up of the town, and has hopes of
the strict measures already adopted pre
venting the fever from spreading.
Refused to Testify.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, Feb. 19.— When Carter
and McDonald, the two men accused of
having robbed G. B. Holeston. were
brought up for a'prellmlnary examination
to-day, Holeston refused to Identify | the
prisoners as the men who had held him
up, and they were discharged. As Holes
ton positively identified the men at th«
time they were arrested it is believed that
pressure had been brought to bear to pre
vent him from testifying against the men.
Fire at Pacific Grove.
PACIFIC GROVE, Feb. 19.— The
handsome residence of Charles E. B.
Rosondale, a prominent attorney" of
Monterey County, was partially destroyed
by flre last night. The flames were
started In the second story by an over
turned lamp. The loss is about $700. fully
covered by Insurance.
SONG WOULD NOT SOOTHE
THE SAVAGE LEGAL BREAST
AMERICAN ENGINEERS
IN A MEXICAN PRISON
Charged With Responsibility for
Wrecks Occurring on the Cen
tral Railway.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 19.— Urgent repre
sentations have been made to the State
Department In -behalf of two American
engineers. Turner and Clark, said to be
from Leon, Kans., who were thrown into
Mexican prisons by the authorities of
that country because of wrecks on the
Mexican Central Railroad of trains said
to have been -under their charge. The
men. It is alleged, have been in prison for
some months, notwithstanding .the efforts
of the American representatives in Mexico
to have them released. It was explained
by an official of the department that the
reg-iilatlor.s of the Mexican Government
respecting- engineers are very rigid. They
are held to strict accountability for acci
dents, amounting in some instances to
charges of manslaughter. The department
is. in. active correspondence regarding the
two men, and the Consular representatives
have been Instructed to guard their Inter
ests carefully.
SHOULD NOT THROTTLE
THE CRY FOR FREEDOM
Mrs. Robert Emory Sparks' Address
Before the Daughters of the
Revolution.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 19.— Every State In
the Union was represented in the audlerjce
that filled the Grand Opera-house to-night
when the National Society of the Daugh
ters of the American Revolution began Us
ninth continental congress.
Mrs. Daniel Manning of New York, the
president-general of the national society,
called the congress to order. Following
the rendition by the Marine Band of "The
Star-Spangled Banner," Mrs. Manning de
livered her address of welcome to the con
gress, In which she referred to the na
tion's new responsibilities and reviewed
the patriotic work of the various chapters
throughout the year.
The response was made by Mrs. Robtrt
Emory Sparks, the State regent- for Geor
gia, who . warned her hearers to beware
of the unrest that followed war and th«
greed that followed gain, and said that
while fulfilling our destiny and civilizing
the world we should forbear throttling a
single cry for freedom.
GUAYMAS FEARS AN
ATTACK BY YAQUIS
Messenger Dispatched to B/ecall Gen
eral Torres to the Defense of
' the Town: ""'
AUSTIN, Texas. Feb. 19.— Information
reaching here to-day from Ortiz, State of
Sonora,. Mexico, is to the effect that a
courier has been dispatched after General
Torres and the Mexican forces, who are
now Bupposed to be some fifty miles or
more in the Immediate center of the Yaqul
Indian .. country, engaged with roving
bands of Indians almost dally. The cause
of this special messenger is that informa
tion has been received from a supposedly
reliable source that the main body of the
Yaquls, some 2fOo strong, is marching on
to Guaymas, Mexico, with a view of cap
turing the town with all its supplies,
stores and inhabitants. The Mexican
Government has 300 soldiers thero in
charge of the garrison and the regimental
supplies, and while the town Is strongly
fortified it is feared that the large force
of Indians will prove .too much for tha
soldiers.
EXPOSITION AT LOS ANGELES.
Proceeds Will Be Used to Erect a
•" Convention Building.
LOS. ANGELES. Feb. 19. r-The lndustrial,
Mining and Citrus Exposition was formal
ly opened this evening In Hazard"s Pa
vijion. The show, which is being held un
der the auspices of the Merchants' and
Manufacturers' Association, will continue
until March 10, and promises to be one of
the best ever given in this city. The ex
position--ha«- a double purpose. Aside
from showing the products of Southern
California the money derived from the
enterprise will be expended In erecting a
building in this city for convention pur-
A large crowd was in attendance to
night. President Craig of the Merchants'
end Manufacturers' Association made the
opening address, to which Mayor Fred
Eaton responded on behalf of the city.
REINSTATEMENT REFUSED.
Idaho Postmaster Locks Horns With
Civil Service Commission.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOISE, Feb. 19,— Postmaster Fenton
of Boise is about to cross 6words with the
Civil Service Commission. The trouble is
similar to that between Surveyor-General
Perrault and the commission, when the
former refused to reinstate civil service
men dismissed by him when ordered to do
so by the commission.
The Postmaster dismissed Mrs. Wheeler
a short time ago as a result of a discrep
ancy between her account and those of the
chief clerk. The commission has ordered
her reinstatement pending Investigation,
and the Postmaster has declared he would
not comply with the commission's orders.
Mrs. Wheeler is a second cousin of Mark
Ilanna. who was appealed. to by her.
SURVEYING RICH'S PASSAGE.
Government Desires Charts Which
Are Absolutely Accurate.
SEATTLE, Feb. 19.— The Government
has commenced work on a new' survey of
Rich's Passage, and the aproach to the
naval station at Bremerton. The present
charts are considered good enough for
ordinary vessels, but as bo many valuable
warships find It necessary to come to the
drydock for repairs it is the Intention to
make the charts on a large scale and
minutely accurate.
Captain Pratt of -the United States
Coast and Geodetic Survey, who has
charge of the work, sent the steamer
Gedney out to-day to commence taking
soundings and tidal and current observa
tions. • It will take six weeks to finish the
work.' ; '\ ; '...'..'
Woodland Natives Worried.
Special' Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND. Feb. . 19.— The "high
Jinks" to he held tn 'Woodland Saturday
evening next, under the auspice* of
Woodland Parlor N0.'30..N. 8. G. W.,
proml&es to be of.sucli good proportions
that the local parlor Is confronted with a
serious problem. Sacramento parlors will
Bend 100 representatives and their own
band. Maryeville and Wheatland parlors
have the pledges of 60 members, and the
number is likely to be swelled to 100. They
will come by special train and be accom
panied by the Marysville band. There Is
not a.' lodgeroom in the Sacramento Val
ley large enough to accommodate all the
Native Sons who are likely to be present
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1900.
HOPES TO STOP
CHINESE REVOLTS
Bishop yon Anzer's Mis
sion in Europe.
;.'•;- — ;¦¦,?¦'¦ — '- ' ' -
BERLIX, Feb. 19.— Bishop yon Anzer of
South Shantung, the well-known German
missionary., has arrived at Rome and after
an audience with the Pope will come to
Berlin. His presence . Is connected with
the renewal of the Chinese revolts in the
sphere of German Interest In China,
He will report to the Pope that the
Imminent dangers now threatening the
catholic missions An China are partially
due to the aggressive policy of Europe
toward China since 1897 and partly to the
anti-forelKnlsm of the Dowager Empress.
The aim of Bishop yon Anzer is to in
duce all the Buropean governments Inter
ested to join in an attempt to convince the
Peking: Government of the necessity of
puppre?!?lnp air combinations and demon
strations directed against foreigners and,
it. necessary,, to enforce tbis jointly.
Ills report, in. Rome and Berlin will be
the first authentic account of recent
events in China. Emperor William at
taches great importance to Bishop yon
Anzer's counsels.; ¦ • ...
Barnacles on Ocean Cables.
The recent lnTestlgatlons for cabla-layis* la
the Pacific Ocean have revealed the Interest-
Ing fact that. If not upon rock bottom, they
gradually become incrusted with barnaclea and
gea. weeds, heavy enough to break them. This
is like dyspepsia, which, tf It Is not checked.
grows until It breaks down the health.
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters will prevent '&•
well as curs Indigestion, dyspepsia, bilious*
ness, liver and kidney .troubles. It makes weak
otomacha strong. All druggists sell It.
; ftcccham's Pills j
• *^ OURESICX HEADACHE \
¦ . and act like magic <n a weak 'i '.
, stomach and disordered ltrer. <
, 10 ccats and 25 centa, at all drag stores. ' <
X .. » • ¦ • v-o:
CAPE NOME
,/. THHHSPORTiWON COMPANIES,
THE
ALASKA EXTLOEATION CO.
Will Dispatch the Al Iron American
Steamship.
(CAPACITY 3000 TONS)
FOB 11 DIRECT,
. .".* Sailing, from San Francisco
lonflay,May.2l,l9oo.
FIRST CLASS fIIO.OO
SECOND Cl**S3.. T5.00
STEERAGE RO.OO
Special rates for freight mnd insurance.
Through paas«n*er and freight »«rvtc« to
Dawson and all points on Yukon River.
THE ALASKA ;EXPLOBATION CO.,
9SAN FRAACISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Fan Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
ur.V\ 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery street,
corner Cay; open until 9:30 p. m.
SOO Haye* street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C 35 McAllister street; open until 9.55 p. m.
CIS Larkln street; open until 9:39 p. m.
JS<l Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
_€1 Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
entll 9 p. nt.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. ra.
in»6 Valencia street; cpen until 9 p. m.
12T3 Polk street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest ccrnetLof Twenty-second and Ken-
turkv streets; opM*untll 8 p. m.
MEETTNG NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter Nn. 5, R. A. M.. J_
wtll meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEX-^I
ING, February 20. at 7:?-0 o'clock. Stated /^J\
meeting and R- A. degree. By order of /~ '
the H. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.
GOLDEN Gate Lodge No. Sfl. F. and A. •
M. -Meeting THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN-._J\_
ING, at 7:30 o'clrck. I). 2. I_K
GEORGE J. HOBE. Secretary. ' >
PACIFIC Lodge No. 130, F. and A. M.. _
_1 Eddy st.. metta THIS EVENING at _*_.
7:30 o'clock. 3 d. I_X
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec. /V>
ORIENTAL Lodre No. 144. F. and A. *
M— Third decree THIS (TUESDAY) J^
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. V2f
A. S. HUBBAKD, Secretary. /V^
IVANHOE Lodge No. 6. K. of P.. ;ur
will confer the- Knight Rank (long _ ft*>
form), WEDNESDAY, February 21, 5"6-&*
1900. at Pythian Castle. 909 V» Market .#"?_*
ct., at £:30 p. m. Members of sister lodges
cordi_ly invited JOHN WISE, C. C.
O. NORCROSS. K. cf R. and S.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from A. B. Jacks In the Badger Hill
mine, near Span*-h Ranch. Plumaa County,
to deposit tailin-. t In Whltlock ravine; from
Manuel Leal. 1.. the Union mine. In New
York Township. Tuba County, to deposit
tailings on New York Flat: from Walter E.
Peterton, In the Manila Placer -nine, near
Igo. 6hasta County, to deposit tailings In a
worked-out pit. and from the Cherokee
Grarel and Gold Mlnlrg Company. In the
Cherokee gravel mine, near Carters. Tuo-
lumne Ceur.ty. to deposit tailings In Baar
Creek, gives notice that a meeting will be
l.eJd at room f9. Flood building. San Fran-
clsco. CaJ.. on March 6. l? 00. at 1:30 p. m.
ASTROLOGY.
PROF. A MAEEIIT of Egypt, greatest aetrolo-
f\fX and palmist In the world: eatlsf action
guaranteed. 437 Golden Gate aye.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: <Jivorc<> law- a specialty: private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, any at law. R5O Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. ?27 Market St.. opp. Mason.
F. H. Mr.P.ZBACH. attorney at law, has re-
nsmed practice at JO3 Cal. St.. Clunle bldg.
L S. CLARK. Err.ma Spreckeis bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket rt.: consultation free; no fee* In advance.
IIOARD AND ROOMS.
A^bIeaUTTFUL sunny suite with board; also
etngle room*; convenient Sacramento, Hyde
or Jackson street line; private family. 1308
Jones et.
M-;w family hotel: flrst-class In ail appoint-
ments; excellent table: special Inducements to
select people. 807 California St.. occupying
corner opposite Grace Church.
HOTEL FAinMOUNT. 1714 Market St.— Ele-
cuntly furnished euany rooms; en eulte or sin-
gle: with or without board; table first-class;
reduced rates.
PRIVATE family has an elegantly furnished
fiat; will rent Eunny front room with board to
couple; central. Address box 3551. Call.
••RELORAVIA HOTEL." Polk and Clay— Sun-
ny FUltes: best board; 2, $W up: single. $22 60.
IiUFH. 1124— Elegant rooir.s and board, $30 up;
reception room; grounds; no children.
GUERRERO. 114— Sunny furnished or unfur-
nished rooms to let with board.
LAS PALMAS. IS2O Market st.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private: bath: sin. rms. : board optional.
O'FARRELL. 742— First -class board and rooms; ,
t?0 up: special rates to students.
VAN NESS. 544 (The Wallace)— Rooms and
board; reasonable; modern conveniences.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
PRIVATE family will board child 2 years and
over: sunny yard; terms $1&. S34H Valencia.
WANTED— ChiId 13: small ranch: good home.
P. O. box 16, Dlmond, Fruitvale.
LADY with rrown .family wishes young child to
board: (rood home: reasonable. Box 8518. Call.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
ECHOOL BOOKS bought and^ exehan^edT
Holme* Book Co.. 704 Mission st.. near Third.
IMIOT AMI SHOK HAItGAINS.
BEND for our price l!st; it's chuck full of bar- |
gains; we i>ay the freight on country orders.
P_OPl_76 f-HOE STORE. 1303 Stockton st.,
n«-ar Hroa<*way.
DCSIK—SS CIIA>C_S.
A— JTOOO; SALOON, located on Market and Pow- j
ell st?.; established years; doing a flrst-class j
paying business; rent $100; no better place or I
location In this city. Call R. G. WILKE, SO6 i
Market St.. room %.
A— $1100; DAIRY/ and route: 13 cows. 4 horses.
1 milk wacon, 1 cart, etc.; include 10 acres
en p of barley hay; business established 20
years. R. G. WILKE. MM Market St.. rm. 8. j
A-$~0; RESTAURANT and chop house en i
Ftcckton bt. ; establ. many years and clearing
above %.".¦.< per month. Call room 8, 906 Mar-
ket et. R. G. WILKE.
A-SSSO; DELICACY and dairy business, kept I
by present owner for S years; a splendid busl- j
ness: offer; place clearing about $90 per mo.
W< Market »t.. room 8. It. G. WILKE.
A— s4Zoo; CORNER grocery, on one of the prin-
cipal business streets of this city; first-class
paying; only carh trade; stock all fresh: will
lr.vclce the price; a Eplendld and rare chance.
Particulars. R. G. WILKE. SO6 Mark«t St..
room 8.
A— JliOO; SALOON'; choice location on Keamy
•t. ; splendid business offer. Call R. G.
WILKE. room 8. 9ht Market et. j
A-J110D; BAKERY on Polk St.; baking I<4 !
barrels; all etore trade; dally receipts above I
t23: rent £S. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market, j
A— 8200; FRUIT store, with living rooms, on j
Polk St.; splendid paying business and good j
rtock on hand. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
A KALOON on water froijt. with 4 years' lease* |
fine fixtures: large stock; rushing business;
no better location on Hast St.; splendid !
chance. R. G. WILKE, 90S Market bt.
12-nOOM house; a enap $500 |
30-room house: a bargain $1009
A dear store; fine location $s<jO
A barber rhop and cigar store JJIO
A branch l,akery; rare bargain Sl5O
A crocery and bar: a map $COO ]
Fine bakery in good location '. $1000
MITCHELL _ ADAMS. SOC Market it.
A FIN'H corner fruit etore: big bargain this
gay. COWING - CO.. 1130 Market *t.
A BARGAIN; saloon: corner; must go to-day
COWING _ CO., 1130 Market St.
JI2S— PARTNER; legitimate business: can
rcake irood wages. CHISEL _ CO.. 78 Third.
RESTAURANT, complete, $1CO; good business.
M. GRIFFIN. 7M Market st.. nr. Call bldg.
II~— PARTNER; legitimate business ; can
make good wages. CHISEL _ CO., 75Thlrd st.
FOR SALE — Good paying restaurant near the
water front; rent paid till March 10. Inquire
at 12 Waahicctcn et.
FOR n_e— A good paying corner grocery and
bar: central location. Box 4239, Call office.
tIECO— ONE of the best bakeries In city for sale;
shop business only. Address box 3CS3, Call. '
BARBER shop for rale; cheap. Apply next to
Hoover's candy store, Kan Kafael.
CIGAR store and 4 club rooms; must be sold on
account illness. 20C Third et. :
g MALL fruit etore for nale; cheap. IGOO nii-
t-ion st.
BAKBKR fchop for sale; running three chairs
Fteady; established 11 years. Apply 103 Eddy.
BARGAIN— Grocery and bar cheap. Liquor
Dealers' Journal. tSSVfe California St.. room 1.
J-CHAIK hotel barber shop; center cf city. Ap-
ply DECKELMAN BROS.. lOC EUls st.
DELICATESSEN and branch bakery for sale;
rent 115: no reasonable offer refused. Apply
at 1005 Larkln st.
WANTED— Notion and variety store; must be
cheap. Box 202. Call office.
$ST.O— PARTNER wanted; rood. established
business; no experience; trial given. 439 Geary.
FOR sale— Grocery store and bar In Mission!
low rent; 4 living rooms. Apply at Broadway
Brewery. Nineteenth st. and Treat aye.
ENERGETIC man to Join me In lucrative and
"well i»aylng bunlner-«: capital required $000.
Address box 2707. Call office. Oakland.
FOR sale— Light grocery: n° bar: or will ex-
change for city property. Box 26H. Call office.
6MALL. but good paying shoe etore; also work-
shop: work enough to employ 2 steady men:
must cell cheap, account' of returning to Eu-
SS? MATTER* & MOORE. 25 New Mont-
frcn' ft*
BUSINESS* CHANCES— Continued.
i FOR rent— Butcher shop; complete with tools
, fine fixtures; cheap rent;owner will give lease
carts, etc.; sickness cause. M. LKSS, 765 Mkt
$600— BAKERY: best part of Western Addition
6 living-rooms; horses; wagons; owner owni
bldg; will give lease. M. LESS. 763 Market
$~O— CORNER saloon doing good business
near Market St.; full investigation invited; s
bargain If gold at once. M. LESS. 765 Market.
1 ATTENTION. SELLERS!
List whatever you have for sale
with me. I can sell for cash.
1 will advertise It free for you.
I want no exclusive contract.
Have buyer waiting with cash.
I 6ell city and country real es-
tate and business pieces. _?,..
! H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st., opp. FUth.
A^ PARTNER WANTED IN A —A
¦ BUSINESS THAT WILL PAY
Full particulars with DECKER. 1020 Marl<*t,
PARTNER in show business clearing $100 a
month: no experience: must have $150; PROF.
J. C. FELTON, 422 Minna St., from 3 p. m.
to 5 p. m.
OLD established restaurant for sale; either
half interest or as a whole. Address box 2706,
Call office. Oakland.
PARTIES vrho wish to invest $4500 in an estab-
lished business, located for 20 years In one
place and doing now a legitimate and conserv-
ative business and clearing $250 to $300 per
month, may hear of such an opportunity by
addressing box 4124. Call office.
CAPE Nome— We vrant parties with small cap-
ital who desire tokoo ko to Cape Nome and work
our valuable claims. Particulars address
Manager. 632 Market, room 1. San Francisco.
MARTIN ARONSOHN. Notary Public— Office
with A. M. SDeck A Co.. real estate, 667 Mar-
ket St.. cor. Third; telephone Main 69?«; resi-
dence 2103 Geary rt.
FOR rent— Large basement salccn ; fine location
downtown: newly fitted up: electric light*;
low rent: furniture, fixtures and stock for $100.
WM. HENDRICKSON _ CO.. 614 Call bldg.
BARGAIN for buying or selling saloons or any
business; fair treatment Liquor Dealers'
Journal. 639V4 California St.. room 1. -.»>.,••-«
COAL oil route for sale cheap; parties going
away. Apply office Crystal OH Co.. 312 Capp
ft., near Eighteenth; phone White 1298.
ROUTE of 144 papers on this paper for tale.
Box t. Oakland Postofflce.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
¦ W. CASWELL _ CO.. 412""S;ieramento st.
. CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscription! has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia et.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
I northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. : open until 9 p. m. .
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
I Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United Stafy. postpaid, for 31 per year.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
j TO close estate the stock of 200 new and sec-
ond-hand wagons, buggy, carts and over 150
sets of harness will be sold at half cost, as
the b'islness must be closed. 1140 Folsom St..
near Eighth.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
I etc.. cheap. EGAN _ SON. 2117 Mission St.
I NEW & 24-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, wk A- driving horses. Uth and Valencia.
j CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
i WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
eer.d to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
I Ing Works. 3_-~7 Teharaa St.; tel. g. 40.
> CITY Pteam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
j STEVENS, nipr., SS-40 Sth st.: te!. South 250.
j J McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
! 4E3 Stevenson St.; tel. South 225; lowest rates.
] CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at 4c.
I STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st. ; tel. Jessie 944.
j J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating works, 333 Golden
Gate aye. ; telephone East 126.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION!
Removed. Removed.
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Most Famous Medium
and Clairvos'ant.
Has remo\ - ed her offices to her residence, 1061
Seventh avenue. East Oakland, Cal.
Reveals Your Life From the Cradle
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines." registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and
healthy without ever having come to see this
wonderful woman. Consultation by mall Is
always most successful and satisfactory, and
all correspondence Is kept sacredly confiden-
tial.
Address or call, MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Fee, $1 and UDward.
' Diajnosls Free.
N. 8.-MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, 10C1
Eex-enth aye.. East Oakland.
Take the broad-cnuge ferry and get off at
Clinton station. 2d station from Broadway.
CLAI^R^OYANTS^AN^^PmrrIuATISMr
ATTENTION! MRS. P. FABBER. a gifted
lady; most famous in reading tea leaves and
cards; advice confidential. Can be found daily
i except Saturday and Sunday at 873 Polk st.;
| no sl~ns.
DINSMORE,
Renowned clairvoyant: private sittings; mar-
velous results; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m., 21S Eddy.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, 1104 Market: trance,
test, "business medium; life reader; also medi-
cal clairvoyant: stamp for circular; sittings sl.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller: best advice In difficult matters.
S Jla-yes St., room 7, second floor.
HEALING md developing medium: satisfaction
| guaranteed; readings 25c and 60c this week.
! HI Mission st.
i MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
| reader; 2T.C up. 73 Fourth st.. near Mission.
| ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth. 2. 8
I p. m.. 14 ' McAllister, room 35; admission 10c.
' MRS. HARL AND'S circle to-nljht. Friday.
Sunday eves., 10c; readings, GOc, $1. 136 Sixth.
MME. HANSON— Palmistry. 10c; card reader;
j past, present, future. 2Sc. 14$ Sixth, room _.
! MEDA HOPKINS. 1423 Mrket.. bet. 10th & Ilth;
dr. Tues. 8 p.m.; Thurs. 2 p. m.; 25c; sit dally.
RESPSONSIBLE card reader moved from 1522 to
1425 Mission st. : satisfaction guaranteed.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night.
CCS McAllister St.. 10c; come, skeptics.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
8 p. m., 23c. 409 Leavenwcrth st.
CONSULT the lucky medium; fee 25c. tiv%
Minna at., near Fifth.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 944 Howard
¦t.. 10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
MME. ZEREDA of 6 Seventh st. Is the original
gypsy life reader; readings 25c.
MRS. EBERHARDT, spiritual test meeting. 7:30
p. m . 10c. 3250 22d, bet. Mission and Valencia.
MRS. ELLlS— Tests to all: circle Tues.. Frt.. 2
p. m.: Man., 8; 25c; sittings Jl. 233 Valencia.
EDWARD EAItLE, independent slate writer,
330 Ellis St.: circle Bun. and Wed. evenings.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
i palmistry, £sc; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tings dally. 21244 Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names glvrn; 25c up. 6 Fourth St.
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave; .future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 9H O'Farrell st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
le«s rucces^ful. Room 810. -.127 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET. '~
COTTAGE— S rooms and' bath; large yard; rent
$10. Apply SE. cor. Folsom st. and Preclta
avenue.
COTTAGES of 4 and 5 rooms; basement; yard;
stable. Apply at 1876 15th St., near Dolores.
COTTAGE. 5 rooms and bath; plenty of light;
large basement. 219 Point Lobos aye.
COTTAGE of 4 sunny rooms; yard. Key 623
Second Ft., near mall dock.
EIGHTEENTH. 4232, near Castro— Sunny de-
tached four rooms and bath; $16.
FOLSOM. 2326— Cottage: 7 rooms, bath; large
yard: rent $20. ¦¦- ¦ -
TWENTY-SIXTH, 2381. near Mission— Cottage
to let; S rooms; water free; $10. v^
C-ROOM ccttage; 234 Morris aye., bet. Hani-
Eon and Bryant, nr. Cth; key next door, N0.23.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
488 GEARY— FIrst-class dressmaker, direct
from Boston, would like engagements; best of
references. ¦ . ~ * " !
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 387 Geary St.; dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School— Leading pys-
tem; easy payments; evg. classes. 103 Post.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
Ing.plnklng. 121 Post, over O'Connor _ Moffat.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market St., over Cafe 7.inkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fllllngs
from $1 up; other fillings from 60c: badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 50 up: open evenings and Sundays.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st.. cor. 4th, rm. 7 Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly: ¦ teeth
¦without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
$3 &0 up; plates, extractions free; $4 60 up; of-
fice hours, 9a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate. $5; a
full set of teeth on a gold plate, $25: teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; ccc our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fillings, 60c; crowns, $3 50; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth st. ¦ •
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O-Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3: received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth. $5; gold crowns, $8: new
methods In bridge work; fillings, gold. $1 tfp;
silver. 60o; painless extraction. 60c; gas given-
New York Dental Parlors. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st.. near
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work and fllllnrs a
specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.
GUARANTEED dentistry: $1 week; we refer to
6000 patients. Esmond Dental Parlors. 48 Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 2J5 Keamy. cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3: fillings. 26e.
DR. C H. CUMMINGS. 218 Valencia; dental
'work reas.; painless extraction; hours I to 6.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" : evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth. ;
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. '
OHIO Dental P»rlors. Inc.: 8 graduate opera-
tors: open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.-
DOG —OSPITAL.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Honpltal. Post. FlUmore—
Advice and medicine 76c; city visits $160: all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD*S Business College. 24 Post St.. 8. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages. telegraphy English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.; new SO-page catalogue free.
WANTED— A teacher of elocution, competent
to instruct In both Qerman and English. Ap-,
ply Dominican Convent, Guerrero st.. near
Twenty- fourth^ - ¦•*-:?*."¦•
BOOKKEEPING — Neither time nor money
wasted; most thorough course on earth: rapid
calculation. Tarr, exp. account.. Flood bldg.
ALL students but two taking full course
' this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical mining,
mech., survey, assay, archl.: day and even.;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1021 Mission, nr. 6th.
ESPINA. Penman: business writing a spe-
cialty; English. Spanish. 337 Phelan bldg.
LAW school?. 927 Market, S. F., and 906 Broad-
way, Oakland: day and night; correspondence.
CIVIL *enrlce coaching; day. evening. San
Francisco Business College. 1236 Market st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, cultar. Prof. Merkl. success-
ful teacher. 10OS Mission; best methods, results.
FRENCH. Spanish, etc. Prof.DeFillppe's Acad-
emy of languages. 32o Post;est.lB7l:ablest profs.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin: reasonable term*;
thorough Instruction. Studio. 405 Geary, r. 47.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; life
scholarship. $50: tend for catalogue.
CLASSES In German. French. Spanish; $2 per
month. Add. Language Teacher, 904 Taylor.
SHORTHAND taUßht personally and by mall;
languages. Miss M.- G. Barrett. 302 Montgy.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A JAPANESE and Chinese employment office,
No 80 Geary St.. established over 6 years, re-
moved to 421 Post St.. near Powell. GEO.
AOKI, 421 Post st. ; telephone Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese. Chi-
nes*. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
best help. 414K O'Farrell ft.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS chambermaid and laundress
desires situation: best of references. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. y
COMPETENT Norwegian second girl desire* a.
situation; young and strong. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter St.
COMPETENT woman with a child desires a
situation: good cook and houseworker; refer-
ences. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter at.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situation,
bost city references, city or country: also a
flr*t-class Swedish cook desires a situation.
MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter St.
NEAT Kill desires a situation as cook; 3 years
last place. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter.
SWEDISH woman, good cook and laundress. $15
to $20; references. MItS. NORTON. 813 Sutter.
NEAT colored girl, good cook and houseworker.
J2O. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
GERMAN woman wishee light housework, $12
to $15; city or country. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
SITUATION a« cook in private family; under-
stands German and American cooking. Ad-
dress 445 Jessie st.
COMPETENT bookkeeper, cashier, stenographer
desires a position; city or country; correspond-
ence English and Italian; experience; flrst-
class references. Address box- 4246, Call.
GERMAN midwife wishes some more engage-
ments by ladles In confinement. MRS.
WOLTER, 132 Sixth st.
SWEDISH girl with best of . references wishes
place to do cooking in private family, or will
do general housework. Call 2 Miles court, oft
California St.. near Powell; $25 or $30.
ELDERLY German lady seeks employment as
seamstress, either at home or In families. 10
Cclllnswood s^
WANTED — Situation by nice, respectable Amer-
ican woman In small family; real, good cook;
enpabie of taking full charge; wages $15 to
$20; references from last placet Box 4247 Call.
COMPETENT, trustworthy woman wishes any
kind of light housework by the day, or would
take care of children. Box 4243. Call.
COMPETENT young girl, speaking English.
German." Danish, knowledge of kindergarten
work, fine needlewoman, desires position as
child'R nurse; city or country; references. Box
4242. Call. ¦
YOUNG woman, with boy 7 years old, wishes
situation to do general housework. Apply
ES3H Folsom st. .'
CAPABLE young woman wants position as
maid and attendant to invalid lady; or as
governess and music to children: or position
of trust; city references. Box 4250, Call.
HOUSEKEEPER— German lady wants position
as housekeeper. 1 Fifth st., room 52.
A YOUNG woman wishes a position to do
housework. Apply 532 Eddy St., near Larkln.
A GERMAN woman wishes a position to do
general ..ousework In a small family; no ob-
jections, to country. Call 175 Linden aye.
WOMAN wishes- work by the day; no cards.
Call at 624 Chestnut st.. ¦ between Taylor and
Mason.
COMPETENT girl wishes housework. Address
box 4252, Call office.
GOOD chambermaid, married woman, wishes
work In a flrst-class hotel. 80x. 4251. Call.
COMPETENT Scotch woman wants work by
the day: city references. 812 Church st.
GERMAN girl, age 14 wants to assist or take
care of child. 3090 24th St., near Folsom. -
WANTED— Engagements to treat your hair at
your home for any trouble ever heard of, on a
guarantee, by hair specialist; also bust devel-
oping. Address box 4235. Call.
LADY with good reference, speaking German
and English, wishes a position as lady's maid
or to take care of grown children to travel to
Burope and , return. Apply at 40 McAllister
Et.. from 2 to 5. . • .
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third at., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 DO night; $1 50 to 18
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and ; from - ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call . advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. M_B9ttMHfJMI
A BRANCH of flee for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has . been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; open until 9.p.-m.V,.r
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
A COLORED boy wishes a position a« office
boy. Box 4249. - ¦
GOOD barber wants steady work In city; state
wages. • Box 4244. ¦ Call office. -' - " *'* ¦
WANTED-By a practical man and wife, posi-
tion as ranch manager: reliable and compe-
tent. .Box 4240, Call office.
POSITION on ranch by married man; been
foreman 5 years; thorough vlneyardlst: car-
penter; blacksmith: wife good plain cook. G.
E., box 4245. Call office.
A BARBER wants situation: 5 years' experi-
ence; no B-oent shop. Address Howard and
Spear sts., care Relmers.
POSITION ¦ wanted by sober and honest man
(Swede); any kind. Address 657 Howard st.
C. STROEM.
A BOY wants a position as errand or bellboy.
.. Address 1011 Minna st. ¦
COMPETENT man wishes situation; a good
; baker, also fine cook; In Italian or French
"" restaurant; city or country. Address box
3519. Call. ' -y-y-.
WANTED— By thoroughly trustworthy marrieU
man. ' position as collector or any place of.
trust; flrst-claos references as to character,
nbllity. etc. Address box 3599. Call. . .
MIDDLE-AGED man. handy with horM-s and
tools, wants light work; wages $10 per
month; best of reference. Address H. W., 405
Francisco st.
SITUATION wanted by man and wife to take
charge of hotel kitchen and dining room; good
cooks an 4 economical managers; city or coun-
try. Box 4201. Call.
REFINED Japanese schoolboy wants a situa-
tion in a nobie family. 1010 Pine St.. Japanese
Mission.
YOUNG German engineer and machinist wants
employment. Address H. G.. 811 Bryant st.
WANTED— Position as bookkeeper, cashier or
otherwise. . Address Spreckels, box 4208. Cali.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmor* st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
¦subscriptions has been established at 109$ Va-
lencia st. . ¦
A BRANCH office fcr the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
• at 122 a Polk st-; open until » p. — .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at tho
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky tits.: open until 9 p. m.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEO. MAYERLE. German expert optician,
.1071H Market St.; examination free: German
eyewater by. mail, SOc. Phone. Mint 257.
_£i^2__E?_Jb_Zi--
A. M. SPECK _ CO.. 667 MARKET ST.
627 Larkln: 6 r....522 601916 Buchanan;s r. 15 00
2937 Cal.: 6 r...... 15 001686 Hermann; 5 r. IS 00
BOWIE aye.. 6. off Eleventh St.— Flat of 3
rooms; bay window and hall; cheap rent.
FLAT of 2 rooms and bath; furnished for
housekeeping: rent $20. Apply 1408 Bush st.
GROVE, 627. bet. Octavla and Laguna— Lower
flat; 4 rooms and yard: rent $10.
HAVES. BS7V4— Flat of 3 rooms, bath and yard;
rent $8. rv -
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
NOE. 105— Elegant new modern upper corner
flat; 6 rooms, bath, basement, yard, I bay
windows.
$B— FLAT of 4 rooms; sun all day. Apply 63
Chesley St. '
$18— ADULTS; 4 comfortable rooms: bath:
toilet; 2 beds: gas and coal stoves. 1917 Geary.
FURNITURE FOR SALE. ~
FOR SALE— Furniture of a 4-room cottage In
Mission; rent cheap. Box 4225. Call office.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 60. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sizes. $2 90;
heavy matting. 10a per yard; 30x60 inch rugs.
$1. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-1812 Stockton
at., near Broadway: open evenings.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture; carpets,
piano. ,1135 Market St.; telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest prices for your »d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry _ Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red. 3351.
HELP . WANTED — AGENTS.
A BETTER proposition— Only authorized life of
Moody by his son; most liberal terms: send 25c
for handsome outfit, showing styles of binding
and over 40 Illustrations. R. R. Patterson,
publishers' agent, 429 Montgomery St., S. F.
A SNAP FOR AGENTS.
A book that everybody buys at sight.
"CAMPAIGNING IN THE PHILIPPINES."
300 Beautiful Illustrations.
Give first, second and third choice of territory.
Address at once THE HICKS-JUDD PUB-
LISHINO CO.. San Francisco. Cal. -
WANTED— Energetic agents; ladles and gen-
tlemen; In every county In the State for a
rapid selling article. 5 Birch aye.. S. F.
WANTED— Collectors and solicitors; cash ad-
vances made to the right parties: call between
8 and 9 o'clock mornings. Thursday evyitng
between 7:30 and 9 o'clock. 300 Post st.. cor-
ner Stockton. _^____^
HARPER & BROTHERS' subscription - works
have never been pushed here; splendid oppor-
tunity for good solicitors; entire line. J. N.
ODELL. 206 Kearny st.
HELP WAXTED- FEMALE.
WOMAN with a child; $15: see lady here. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
A— TWO Infants' nurses; $25 and $20. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. •¦
MOTHER and daughter as cook and second
girl, country, small hotel. $30. fare here; cook
for a small hotel, country. $20: housekeeper,
country; $17. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter.
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, city, $20; 4 waitresses, coun-
try, $20; 2 flrst-class chambermaids to wait
for dinner, $20; 2 restaurant waitresses, $6; 2
lunch and dinner- waitresses, $20; pantry girl,
$15: 2 woman dishwashers, $23; girl to learn
pastry cooking. $15 to begin.
FAMILY ORDERS
German nurse, confinement case; cook. $30.
short distance In country: cook for 6 or 6 men,
$26; 5 cooks, country, $20; 2 house girls, short
distance in country, $18. $15; companion to
young girl and assist with housework, $12;
25 house girls, city. $25, $10.
- C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
WANTED— German or Scandinavian cook. $33,
no wash; cook. 2 In family. $30; 2 cooks,
across the bay, $25: 4 cooks. German style.
$25; French second girl. $20. $25: 3 second
girls,- $2O, $25, city and country: meat cooks,
home restaurant. $30; head waitress. $25:
chambermaid and waitress, $20, city and
country: houseßlrls, $20. $25. city and coun-
try. J. F. CROSETT - CO.. 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— Head waitress. $25; chambermaid
and waitress. $20, short distance, fare paid ; 3
hotel and' private boarding house waitresses,
$20; 4 restaurant waitresses, $5. $6 a week;
lunch and dinner waitress. $20; restaurant
cook. $7; Scandinavian cook. $35. no wash; 4
cooks, German style. $25; 60 Irish. German
and Scandinavian , houseglrls. $20. $20, city
and country. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sut-
ter «t. - ¦• ? : .
CHAMBERMAID and seamstress. $25: 3 second
girls. $20 each; cook. $30; nurseglrl. $20; 6
houseglrls. $25 and $30; houaeglrl. Alameda.
$30; hotel cook. $30. short distance. MRS.
NORTON. 813 Sutter «t.
YOUNO German girl for light housework and
care of children. 1351 Eleventh aye.
GIRL to assist In general housework; small
family. Apply 2634 Howard st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist In small fam-
lly; country; wages $15. ¦ 810 Shrader st. ,
WAITRESS— Bmall restaurant: $8 per week.
1008 Hyde «t. . .
COMPETENT girl for downstairs work and
cooking; $20. 1269 McAllister st. .
YOUNG girl to assist In housework: $10. _
Hartford st.. off Eighteenth, near Castro.
NEAT Kirl for jrpneral housework and plain
cooking. Call at 410 Stelner st. to-morrow. ,
WANTED— GirI for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde st. .
NEAT girl for light housework and learn
/ trade. €09 Haight st. ¦ ¦ . • ¦
GIRL for waitress and chamberwork: must be
neat anil quick: for. Berkeley. 90S Geary st.
GIRL for light housework and assist with
baby. 224 Broderick st. -¦ - -
GIRL fcr general housework: good cook: refer-
ences; $25. Apply. bet. 8 and 12. 1357 Post St.
STRONG girl for general housework; wages 118.
2712 Folsom st.
APPRENTICE on custom . vests. 839 Fifth ;
street." ' . ,-'''_ , " i I
WANTED — Feller hands on custom coats; .
steady work. 40 Ellis St., room EJ. - ¦ <
WANTED— FIrst-class tallOress on coats. 611%
Jones' st., between O'Farrell and Geary.'
NEAT steady girl for housework; good plain j
cooking; small washing; wages $20. 1010 Do-
¦ lores st. „
YOUNG girl: general housework and cooking; j
• $20. 1214 Eddy st. ' ...
GOOD lroner. Apply 689 Howard st.
YOUNG girl' for general* housework: small flat; ]
wages $13. 1528 McAllister st.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
TAILORESS— Finisher on custom pants at 5H
¦Kearny St., room 18, top floor. '. -
GOOD starch work Iro'ners at 790 Elizabeth St.,
bet. 23d and 24th; good pay.
WANTED— Finisher, also apprentice, on cus-
tom coats; steady work. 744 Folsom st.
GERMAN; or Swedish girl; downstairs work;
good cook; wages $25; ref. 1180 O'Farrell st:
ABOUT 160 more sewing machine operators will
find good .paying work In Levl Strauss _ Co.'s
overall factory. 32 H Fremont st. MR. DA-
VIS, Surt.
LADIES and gentlemen wanted to paint pic-
tures at home; we teach you free; send self-
addressed stamped envelope for reply. WM.
LEMOS. auctioneer, Santo Cruz, Cal.
WOMEN and girls on steam power sewing ma-
chines; experienced or inexperienced. Shirt
Factory. 36V£ Fremont St.; elevator.
WANTED— By a wholesale house, a traveling
saleswoman; Eastern preferred. Box 4223. Call.
PROTESTANT woman for light housework and
children. Apply 679 Harrison st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers and buttonhole makers;
also -apprentices. 135 Natoma st.
LADIES' cloaks, suits. $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton, near Broadway.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2220 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; open until 9 p. m. . v---- -
HELP WANTED — MALE.
EMPLOYERS .......DO AS OTHERS DO
35.000 EMPLOYERS OF HELP
Do now send their orders .to MURRAY _
READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.. for skilled and
unskilled help: MURRAY — READY have
each person listed for situation for which he
Is Individually adapted.
Help furnished free of charge
MURRAY _ READY PHONE MAIN 6848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY, 7 A. M
26 farm hands, etc $30. $2«, $25. $20. found
13 milkers and butter makers, $30. $25. $20. fd
6 pruners, etc, vineyard orchards $26. found
284 woodchoppers, tie makers, etc, $2 60, $2,
11. 75c cord, 10c, 12c each; laborers, city, $26,
found; 3 blacksmith's helpers, 3 stablemen:
wheelwright and b1ack5mith.. ...... .545, found
15 vineyard hands $18. found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
14 WAITERS, city and country Jobs, $40, $35,
$30, $25 $20 and found
9 cooks $50, $40, $35, $30, $25 and found
man to carry bread; shoemaker; milk wagon
driver; 5 dishwashers; 2 boys for city stores;
butcher. $2 day; washer for laundry; painter
and whltewasher; young German for delicacy
etore, $40 and found. "Tllßf'
MURRAY _ READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
_ GOLD and coal miners... ..$3 50. $3. $2 50 day
MURRAY _ READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
FARMER and wife for Sonoma C 0. .540, found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN _ C 0.... 104 GEARY ST.
FREE FARE FREE FARE
FOR THE COAST RAILROAX>
SANTA BARBARA CO
60 scraper teamsters, holders, loaders ana
dumpers. $1 75 to $2 a day; 20 laborers, $1 75
a day; hire to-day, ship to-morrow: free fare.
60 coal miners for New Mexico, special rates
of fare; 10 single-hand quartz miners. $2 50 a
day: wheelwright, $45 and board; carpenter
and wheelwright, railroad camp, $1 to $1 60
a day and board; 2 coal miners, see boss here.
Porter and gardener for a summer resort,
$25 and found. ?•..
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Meat and pastry cook for springs, $75:
French or Swiss second cook, j country hotel,
$50; cook, restaurant, Nevada, $50; pot wash-
ers, dish washers and kitchen hands, $20. $25
and $30.
Polisher and starcher, country laundry; $45;
lroner country, $30; starcher, country, $30.
C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED.. Young man about 20 for office
work; must be bright, quick at figures and
willing. Address, m own handwriting, stat-
ing age, experience, ability and reference,
box 4245, Call office.
WANTED— Creamery .butter maker. $40 and
found; 3 more quartz miners, $2 60 day; 2
blacksmith help».is, $45 month and $1 75 day; 7
woodchoppers, $1 70 and $2 75 cord; farmers
and milkers and others. J. F. CROSETT _
CO.. 62S Sacramento St.
WANTED— Cook and wife for logging camp,
$50; restaurant cooks; restaurant second
cook, $46; kitchen man for country hotel, $30
to $35; vegetable men; dishwashers; restaur-
ant waiter, $40: porter and helper about
bakery. $25; and others. J. F. CROSETT _
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED.
FIRST-CLASS SALESMEN.
GENTLEMEN AND LADIES.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO..
146 Ninth St.. 621 Montgomery aye.,
S6l Market *st.. 365 Hayes et..
210 and 212 Grant aye.. 21S Third St..
705 Larkln st.. 2OOS Flllmore st..
1819 Devlsadero st.. 3006 Sixteenth St..
475 Haight St., 2516 Mission St..
140 Sixth St.. , - ¦ 8285 Mission St..
1419 Polk Bt.. 2732 Twenty-fourth St.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Eec'y, 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED — Energetic salesmen for city and
country to solicit business from consumers
for a large producing concern. Address, with
references, box 4213, Call office.
WANTED— Errand boy; wages $3. MANDEL,
206 Market st.
BARBER wanted— Steady Job in suburban
town. Apply 871 Market St., opp. Powell.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker wanted at 626 Mont-
gomery st.
COOK wanted for boarding house. 222 Main
street. - ' '
STEADY barber wanted. EU Castro st.
SHOEMAKER on repairing; steady work. 75«
Howard st. and 548 Sixth at.
WANTED— Blacksmith's helper, used to wagon
work. 1191 Folsom st.
COOK wanted at IS3O Haight sL
WANTED— Night clerk; also an experienced
bedmaker. Dewey House, 32 East st.
SMART honest errand ' boy. M. B. MORA-
GHAN, 68 California Market. t
DISHWASHER; call early. 1008 Hyde st.
ERRAND boy for tailor shop; $2 per week. SSS
Howard st., over ball court.
BOYS everywhere to distribute circulars and
camples; good pay. Royal Gum Co.. Chicago.
111. .
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to SOc. 662 Mission st., between Ist and 2d sts.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade In 8 weeks:
day and evening classes; special Inducement
this season; handsome Illustrated catalogue
and softvenlr free; only Institution In the
world teaching the barber and halrdresslng
trades. MOLKR'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay st. Branches— San Francisco, New York.
St. Louis, Chicago. Minneapolis.
WANTED— Private students evenings; civil
service, arithmetic, bookkeeping, etc. Box
4230, Call office. -
MEN and women to appoint agents: $75 month:
expenses; steady positions. BUTLER _
ALGER. New Haven. Conn.
MOST liberal proposition will be made to cap-
able, successful subscription : book salesmen.
Call upon or address Manager, 927 Market st.,
room 622.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed - Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st.. between Ist and 2d sts.
YOUNG men and sailors for deep sea and steam
whalers. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
MAN to do Janitor work for his tuition. 3. F.
* Barbers' School, 741 Howard 'St. ;
GET your shoes half-soled* while waiting: 25c
: to 50c. 662 Mission St., between Ist and Jd sts.
PENSIONS— J. H. BHEPARD _ CO.! attor-
neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c. 15c and 73c
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard; read. rm.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c- breakfast,
dinner or supper: best In city.' 406 McAllister.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006 Va-
lencla st. -...,..¦¦
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc— For Sale
40 HORSES .'for eale; also wagons, baggies,
rarts. harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
827 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
CO HEAD fine draught and ' driving horses at
1(21 and. 1(25 Market st.. bet. Twelfth, and
Brady: also romt fine matched black teams.
$25, HORSE: $45, large . work horse: long body
delivery wagon. $50. 19 City Hall aye. - . :
FOR sale— Gentleman's- road horse and bike.
buggy. DALZJEL. Vet. Dentist. 60S Q. O. ay.
FINE gentle horses and new rubber-tired bug-
gies; $30 per month. Pacific Carriage Co.
' HOUSES — LODGING FOR SALE .
16 ROOMS; sunny corner, near
VAN NESS AVENUE
Cost $2000; price only $SOO
62 rooms; fine corner; clears $250 180©
24 rooms: north of Market: clears $125.... 900
11-room house on Bush st 400
7-room house; only ISO
33 rooms; rent $40 1300
24 rooms: easy payments SCO
5-room flat; new 3">o
32 rooms; corner; only 1200
10 rooms on O'Farrell st 325
10 rooms; on Taylor St.; worth $SOO 4^o
32 rooms; corner; clears $150 16C0
10-room flat: clears $150 500
Corner on Market; clears $400; 104 rooms. ".MSix)
Near Call office ; worth $2000: 29 rooms.. 1200
Mod. house; elev.; clears $^>0: 34 rooms. 6ZOO
Tel. John 51. 11. C. DECKER.
1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
11-ROOM house: downtown: price $400; only $200
cash. DECKER. 1020 Market_st ;
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 867 Market st.
15 rms.; Post $750 14 rms.; Ellis $SO>
24 rms.; N. side. 1250 15 rms.: S. side 33>
40 rms. ; nr. Orpheum. J Mason, nr. Post.... 373
Money to loan! at reduced rates.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 1 667 Market st.
$210— 10-ROOM loding-house, near Market St.;
rooms always full: a good paying proposition;
rent $25. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
LODGING-HOUSES and good HOTELS at
honest prices; money loaned buyers. Rooms
1-2. 917 Marke^ st. - ___^
A DESIRABLE. large, good-paying transient
house; north of Market: will stand Investlga-
tlon. Pac. States Realty Co.. 320 Parrott big.
875 WASHINGTON St.. Oakland: 24-room house
for sale cheap; call; see party.
$225— LODGING-HOUSE. 12 rooms, for sal*;
bargain. 130 Second St.: no agents.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send tor cir-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montsomrry.
FOR rent— House eight rooms, bath; part fur-
nished: convenient to trains: low rent. In-
quire 313 Fourteenth St.. Oakland.
TO let— House. _ rooms; stable; 60 bearing
fruit trees; 2 blocks from station. P. GARD-
NER. Mill Valley. Cal. £•_
TO LET— A house of 5 rooms; rent $13 per
month. 2309 Polk st. ¦
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Friday night, gent's open-faced gold
watch, engraved M; gold chain with Elk's
tooth charm. Finder will be liberally re-
¦ warded by returning to Corbett's. 33 EUls st.
¦ LOST— Monday noon; a fox-terrier; black and
brown marking over each eye; white body,
with black spot on tall; license 1094. Liberal
reward if returned to 1321 Pine st.
LOST— Saturday, 18th, child's open-face silver
watch: Initials on back "A. M." Return to
C. L. T.. 171 Crocker building.
LOST— On Geary st... bet. Grant aye. and Ma-
son St., pearl scarf pin. studded with dia-
monds. Return to Manhattan saloon. 25 Geary
St.. and receive liberal reward.
LOST— Small purse Saturday evening. Return
to room 5. Flood building, and receive reward.
REAL mink collar: on Market. Pest or Kearny
St.; from 2 to 6 p. m. Return 119 Bush st..
room 8; liberal reward.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of ANNA M. RONAN. No. 228-150. The
finder will please return to bank.
FOUND— The pin which wa» lost at Dickey's
roadhouse In Novembe*. IS9B. Owner will
please address note to M. Box 111. Call Busi-
ness Office. *.:¦!-•¦-
MEDICAL. —
DRS, GOODWIN, the well-known ladles^physU
clan, formerly of 4W Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; guaranteed
treatment $5; cafe and reliable cure In one
day: 15 years' successful practice In S. F. ;
maternity home; low fees. 1007H Market st.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladies' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years: treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free: success guaranteed.
Write or call at 1023*4 Market et.
DR and MRS. KOHL, ladles' specialists— Guar-
anteed treatment at office, $5; safe and re-
liable; consultation free. 1122 Market st.. bet.
Mason and Taylor; hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; home
In confinement; guaranteed treatment at of-
fice. $5; any ailment: consultation free. 942
Post St.. between Hyde and Larkln.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 1223 Market; ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated; late scien-
tific methods; cure guaranteed; treatment. $5.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market, ladles' cpecial-
Ist; guaranteed treatment at office. $3; safe
and reliable; consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1118 MarkeT
St.: every case guaranteed: $5 up.
DR. AND MRS. M. WEGENER-Prlvats horns
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eaaes of the human" body. 115 Mason st.
MEDICATKD BATHS.
INVALIDS who find no relief from drugging
the stomach to investigate Dr. Conanfs
method of absorption, which never falls. Call
or address for booklet. Anldrosis, 47 Post,
office No. 5; gents' baths. 6; ladles parlors, 33.
»11SCE_1__«EOUS FOR SALI3.
BOILERS, engines. 2-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
band. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
St.. above Sixth.
BARS.- counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors.
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
$750 WORTH tailors' woolens; private sale; to-
day, afternoon. BECKER & CO., 26 Montgy.
WAGON for sale; good for a painter; will take
painting for It. 416 Shotwell st.
15-HORSE power boiler and engine. 318 Rail-
road aye.. San Francisco, south.
RAMBLER ' tandem; In good condition; new
tires; will sell cheap. 121 Powell st.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes:
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. Ths
Walta Safe Co.. 109-111 Market St.. S. F.. CaL
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
IRISH setters: fancy pigeons; homers: runts;
white homers. 2041 Linden St., Oakland.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records. $2 50. BACIOALUPI.
(33 Market St.. San Francisco.
FIXTURES for sale cheap In stationery store.
Call 2505V4 Sutter st.
DOMESTIC sewing machine: 7 drawers; plated;
almost new; cheap. 1915 Mission st.. near loth.
ANY parties having Angora goats for sale ad-
dress 11.. 226 National aye. San Diego. Cal.
A 10-TON FAIRBANKS scale and fire and bur-
glar proof safe. I California st.
A— s3 80 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
nlar Price Hatters. »30 Kearny st.. nr. Pine.
%-H. P. MOTOR for sale. $15., 1221 Green St.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. mange cure; by all irug-
glsts. or Dog Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.
ONE 4-slded sticker: 1 planer and matcher: t
air compressor; 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
DRESS pants. $2 75; fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 813 Montgomery st.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planers lathes
Iron _ wood; 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 139 Beale*
NEW and eecond-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. U32 Market st
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 511 Minion.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAJtN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento it.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— To buy or rent a medium slxe port-
abl ',^ k ™ cru * her - Address by mail. Contrac-
tor, 1209 Claus Spreckels bldg.. San Francisco.
¦*gy lV5_ Y n ard ma 2S4 hl^7,»o^ Ug .^ "^^
MOSEY TO LOAN. ~
ANY amount at ( per cent; lst.'rd and jTmorP
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; K et my terms before doing busln«as el*»-
where. R. McCOLOAN. U Montgomery, r. 3.
HiI.SHH i I .5 HL ', T /"Pectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84J Market
St.; tel. Main U44. Branch 19 Third st.
ANY proposition, any amount; I per cent; first,
second mortgages estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, life insurance: chattel
f?? rt £?, Xe * : «>°ndentlal: advice free. G. B-
OLBEN. room 1«. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
-y°/D del*y: try all others, then see me; $M
to $100,000; < per cent; Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages, estates In probate, undivided Interests la
estates, legacies and mortgages bought; advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. 832 Market.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
?.*!?"'"• J« welr y. ~. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sltth;
highest price for old gold, silver, dlamonda.
PRIVATE party, on furniture and pianos: 3 per
cent; no removal; no commission. R.SI.« Eddy.
M i? NE «riS ane(l wlarl ed people without secur-
"y- HILL, room 44. Merchants' Exchange. 431
California st.
i
MO.NEY TO LOA!f.
ANT amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
ON REAL estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER — CO.. 26 Montgomery.
AT 12« Kearny st.. room 9. respectable prtvata
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis tx.
MONEY to loan on real estate, notes, checks,
plano3 and all kinds of personal property. Ad-
dress CONFIDENTIAL, box 2729. Call offlce.
ON turniture and pianos without removal: quick
service; money direct: lowest Interest. Rooms
(8 and S9. Donoho* building. 1170 Market st.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 33$ Parrott bulld-
lng—Men can secure loans on personal note.
AT I*4 per cent per month, on turniture. 1503
Polk St.. OTTO MAX.
LOANS to salaried people. TOUSLET. 42> Par-
rott buildlriz.
GASH loaned to salaried people on not* without
lndorser. MORRELL. tO3 Examiner building.
$30 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and Zd mortgs.;
sny proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission: private. LICK. 11« McAllister.
IF your property l» mortgaged and you need,
more money gee H. MURPHY. «3O Market st.
TO salaried men. without collateral or lndorser:
other propositions; private rooms. San Fraa-
. Cisco Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
MOSEY WASTED.
WANTED— To borrow on. choice suburban real
estate $1200 not above 10 per cent per annum.
Box 4202. Call office.
MUSICAL I.NSTKUME.NTS.
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and low priced piano*
where they can be exchanged for a Stelnwar
within thre« years and have full purenaa*
price allowed. We are selling new upright
pianos for $6 per month, and some good pianos)
for $3. $4 and $3 per month. SHERMAN.
CLAY — CO.. Stelnway Dealers, cor. Kearay
and Sutter sts.. San Francisco.: corner Thir-
teenth and Broadway. .Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest h<mss>
west of Chicago U KOHLER _ CHASE" S.
It, 28 and 10 O'Farrell st.: pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible dons to plea** and satisfy _•
customer.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
PIANOS \r* offered at lower prices than ever
at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
HIERE Is only one place to buy a Decker or a
Packard piano. MAUVAIS". 783 Market st.
SEW $600 piano and furniture of S-rooaa hous«
for sale or rent; 1425 Webster St., corner Sut-
ter. HOOKER — LENT. Agents; apply on
premises.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos; prices reduced to Insure, prompt sales.
W C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
iO SLIGHTLY used high and medium gr* de-
planes; special discounts for cash: open Bat.
evenings. Heine Piano Mfg. Co.. _S Ellis st.
t*ERY beautiful. 3-pedal upright piano; used s>
few months; $175. Room 12. Flood building.
PIANO. $400: upright: will be sold by the Z3<l
to highest offer. 1259 Mission st.
SELL for storage— 2 uprights. $75; very Bn«
Stelnway. $125. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market.
LARGE upright piano; standard make; $125;
call evenings. 1319 Powell st.
(V. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento St.. agent tor
Francis Bacon snS Hallett — Davis pianos.
rONOVER. Colby and Spencer pianos. Spencer
warerooms. 1818 Market st.
FINE Fischer _ Stelnway upright: sacrificed.
XEEFFE'S. 1019 van Ness aye.. nr. Geary st
SOOD upright piano: nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister st.
BARGAIN— Good upright; cheap. SCHMXTZt If
McAllister st.. next Hlbernla Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, t Latham place.
OFFICE 9 A>D STORES TO LET.
UNIO>TsQUAR_ building, opposite "city" of
Parts. Stockton and Geary sts.— Elegant new
offices and stores.
MEW corner, suitable for drugstore; fixtures
complete; cheap. Eighth aye. and Clement.
FOLSOM. 870— Large sunny store, with S living
rooms. Apply H. UMBSEN & CO.
$20— STORE: 2 ihow windows and 5 large rooms;
sdap»e<l to »ny hnsln^sa. 422 Sixth «t-
PALMISTUV.
MME. Neergaard. Pres. St. Germain College ot
Palmistry; reads 1 to g. 818 Geary, nr. Jones.
PERSO.VALS.
HY wife. MARY E. DEANE. has left my bed
and board without cause; I will not be respon-
sible for any debts contracted from this date.
February 19. 1900. CHARLES F. DEANE.
313 Pacific st.. San Francisco.
________ _____
IS NOT A LADY.
BARBER wants wife, 2S years of age. to lly*
In mining camp. Address Postoffic* box
73.800. Phoenix. Ariz.
I WILL not be responsible for any debts con-
tracted for my wife. Mrs. Minnie Hertz, on
and after this date. February 13.
SAMUEL HERTZ.
LEDERER'S Quintonica Hair Tonic. 35e bot..
and Lerf-rer's Foamo Shainpo. 5c pkg.. ar«
used solely In my parlors. 123 Stockton st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates: ID
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 337 Jessie st.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sCld. Silverman. 954 Folsom; tel. Folsom ll.'l.
LEDERER. the popular hairdresser. Is the
leader In hair styles; latest modes. 23c: mani-
curing. 23c; you should watch for the Monday
sale prices; very low. 123 Stockton st.
A — A — ELECTRIC massage treatment remove*
wrinkles: free this week: I guarantee to per-
manently remove superfluous hair by elec-
trolysis. MISS ISADORE BARRETT. Der-
matologist. 1207 Market st.. opp. City Hall.
ASTROLOGY— Serrano, recognized brightest
astrologer In America; sketch of life and
prospects; send date of birth, sex and 12c.
PROF. SERRANO, P. O. box C23S. Boston.
Mass.
A FINE suit to order $10 75 or pants $3 73: our
specialty In remnants allows us to sell
cheaper than ready made. L. LEMOS,
1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and Sta, prop. On»-
prlce Tailoring Co.; 532 Kearny. near Sacto;
also 1644 Market st.. under St. Nicholas.
ANY lady calling on February 13 to our cloak
and suit department wtll receive a souvenir
ipoon of the battleship Maine; worth while to
come. Eastern Outfitting Co..' 13CC Stockton
st.. near Broadway. - .
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 100 rooms;
»Sc to $1 60 per night: $1 60 to H per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from tn« ferry.
MARRIAGE PAPER.
Best published— FßEE.
J. W. GUNNELS. Toledo. Phlox
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
tumers* make-up and wigs; country orders so-
licited. GOLDSTEIN - CO.. 733 Market st.
PHYSICAL, culture, massage, to ladies; private-
Mrs.Wagner.gra<iuate masseuse. 10134 Larkln.
MME. ADA cures rheumatism, headaches, neu-
ralgia: all pain leaves like magic from her
wonderfully gifted hands. 1343 Howard st.
ALASKA fur garments, hoods, mitts, leather
coats. H. M HEINEMAN. 109 Sansome St.
IF you wish full value for your cast -oft cloth-
Ing call on B. Cohen. 157 Third: tel. black ?!_.
COLEMAN buys clothing, brle-a-orac, tools,
carpets, old gold; send for him. SCS Kearny.
WANTED— OId cold for manufg. O. NOLTE.
Jeweler. S4S O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Masoa.
ET\MMEItINO corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. 1115 Linden. Oakland.
. PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
POLYCHROME paper, rich In tone, easy t»
work: low price: sample dozen 4x5 and dev»t-
•per matled 23c. ' Cal. Cam»ra Co.. 23 G«ary.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
PARALTSIS:
ALL NERVOUS DISEASES;
OSSIFICATION:
HARD TUMORS:
ALL ABNORMAL ENLARQ_M_NTS:
RHEUMATISM IN ALL FORMS:
SCROFULA. ECZEMA: SKIN DISEASES. '
CONSUMPTION;
OLD STANDING CHRONIC DISSASSX
Cored where all other hay* failed.
NO DRUGS! NO KNIFE!
Different from any other treatment.
Write for references. Consultation fre*.
DR. L. J. STRATTON. 607. EOS and 509. Tu-
rott building. (Over the Emporium.)
DR C. C. O'DONNELL— Of new and residence.
1021H Market, st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SAL—.
A BARGAIN
ON SUTTER ST.. NEAR POLK.
Fine three-story, building with store below.
Rents j:a
PRICE HAS BEEN REDUCED.
THOMAS MAGEE _ SON 3.
Real Estate Agents.
5 Montgomery St.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1900.
10voice, appeared for the first time arid
made a favorable Impression, her singing
of "The Holy City" being notable. The
"Black Bartons," colored comedians, sang
"When a Coon Sits In the Presidential
Chair." made a hit and held the stage for
nearly half an hour. Ouhana. a Japanese
equilibrist, was also "new. and did some
extraordinary things with an umbrella.
Major Mite sang some new songs. George
Bird, the "Chinese Embassador," changed
his musical act, and Paul La Crolx. the
novelty juggler, toesed around all kinds
Of headgear In a nurprlslng manner. As
Thursday will be Washington's birthday,
the regular amateur performance will be
?Iven to-morrow night. • On Thursday
here will be a balloon ascension In the
afternoon and fireworks at night.
Olympia.
Blanche Le Clalr Sloan, the sister ot
the famous Jockey, made quite a hit at
the Olympia last night. All the other
numbers on the new bill are clever.
Amateur Minstrel Show.
A grand minstrel entertainment and so
cial will be given for the benefit of St.
Charles parish school to-morrow evening
at Verein Eintraoht Hall. Twelfth strert,
between Howard and Folsom streets. F.
A. Hooper and J. I* Furley will handle
the bones and F. A. Mahonev and M. L.
Sweeney the tambos. D. J. ; McGloin will
act as interlocutor.
City Attorney's Opinions.
The Glty Attorney- yesterday filed an
opinion with the Board of'Fire-Commis
sioners: in which he holds that. the;board
has power to approve certain demands ag
gregating $7000 for merchandise and. sup
plies and construction of - the . : Bluxome
street engine house., '
-The City Attorney also holds that the
City Surveyor Is authorized to make pri
vate surveys if the Board of Public Works
or the Board of Supervisors shall require
him by ordinance, resolution or rule to do
•o.
Flowers of Unalaska.
Those who braved the rain last evening
to attend the meeting of the members of
the Academy of Sciences in their hall on
Market street were rewarded by listening
to a very, interesting- address which was
delivered by Dr. W. A S«tchell, professor
of botany at the University of California,
on the flora of Alaska. The lecture was
Illustrated by about fifty well-chosen
stereopticon views illustrative of the
principal varieties of and plants
germane to the soil of .Unalaaka and the
adjacent islands of the lower end of -the
upper or sub- Arctic circle of plant and
animal life. • ,
LECTURE BEFORE SOROSIS.
Professor Van der Naillen's Simple
Talk on Immortality.
The regular meeting of Sorpsls , was
made extremely interesting yeßterday. af
ternoon by the lecture ' delivered by Mr.
Van der Nalllen and entitled "Simple Talk
on the Probabilities of Immortality." A
large audience enjoyed van dor Naillcn'B
talk, which was replete with wisdom, and
splendid deductions. - - :'¦
Mme. Seminario added to the after
noon'B pleasure by rendering two vocal
solos. The meeting was In charge of the
committee on science and education, of
which. Mrs. Nicholas F: Smith is chair
man.
ROOMS TO LET Forn. and I'nfnrn.
MISSION, lOCS— Neat furnished room in private
_fami!y; $J. V;;\jv; H\--;'3e '.-. ':¦¦.' ' \"±.
MISSION. 1425— Front and back parlors; also
single room: suitable for 2 gentlemen: nicely
furnished and reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day. wk.. mo.
PACIFIC, 1426%, near Larkln— Large front
sunny room; rent reasonable.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellin «t— lncandescent light,
reading room, traoklng room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to II B0; week. $J to
fS: month. U to £30; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
ROSEDALE House. 219 St 321 Ellis St.— Rooms
night. 25c to fl; week. 11 25 to U: open night.
SEVENTH, ESS— Four eunny rooms; %i per
month.
fIIKRMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st..
rear Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open until t p. m.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
st 1223 Polk ft.: open till 9 p. m.
A P.RANCK office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109« Va-
l*rcla !=t. ______^___^
i . __ _ ¦ -
ROOMS WANTED.
3 NEATLY furnished sunny rooms for house-
! keeping; rent not to exceed $?0. L. C. 717 Mht.
i
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADlES— Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
| sre the best; safe, reliable; take no other;
' tend 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Indies." in letter by return mall; at drug-
| cists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Phlladel., Pa.
; OFFIt'E of the Wittram Propeller Company
will hereafter b« located at 2T5 Market St.,
1 room 1?. • F. WITTRAM JR.. Secy.
I WANTED knewn— Mß. LEW H. SCHARER,
i late of 12 Mason st.. has removed to Call
I building, tenth floor, where he will continue
I to give bargains in watches, diamonds, Jew-
' elry, silverware, firearms and optical goods;
j cash or. time payments. Office hours— lo to 5.
' BAD tenant* ejected for J4; collections made;
i city cr ec-jntry. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
I 416 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
I ROOMS papered, from J3: . whitened. $1 up.
painting non». Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
SEWING MACHINES AND SLTFL.IE9.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency.l4s 6th: phona Mint *i.
AI-L. kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
i pairing «t Intrust rates. 205 Fourth »t.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co;
Office. 401 Post St.. cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713.
TO I.KASC.
! TO~lea»e^Fline^)ll land in oil district; none but
men of means need apply: one eighth royalty
asked. Answer box 00, Call.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
' YOU can never buy choice property In beauti-
ful Berkeley cheaper than to-day: near the
university; fine modern house of 9 rooms; all
the latest Improvements: only 1 block from
electric cars; street work all done.
MAJ3ON * McLEN'ATHEN.
Real Estate,
Adjoining P. P.. Berkeley.
THE best corner lot south of University of
California, with elegant modern 8-room house.
M. L, WURTS,
Seventeenth and Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to 11U Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tisements and subscription* received.
CHEAPKST and beat in America— The .Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address -in th«
United States or Canada one year for SI,
postage paid.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY;
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
AT JlO cash. tS monthly— Fine lots; the choicest
building site; East Oakland; 8 model homes
JuFt completed; build your .home or let us
; build for you. and etop paying "rent; have yoUr
borne where the climate excels: no foes or
cold wlnde; soil the best and view the grand-
est: streets all graded and macadamized; city
water and sewer; 1 block from electric car
end near the local trains; good schools and
grand view; Gallr.do Tract, adjoining East
Oakland; price $125 upward; call or cc.nd for
circular 455 Seventh st.. Oakland; carriage
free. HENRY Z. JONES, owner.
CITY realty: fruit and stock ranchos: loans.
j SALSBL'RY. 908 Brosdway. Notary Public.
' BARGAIN— Rich, modern. Oakland home. Mrs.
! E. C. FortlT. 14^9 Piedmont aye.. Oakland. •
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to 11TS Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tlfmer.t* and sub»rrlotlons received. ¦ •
OAKLAND KCRXISIIED ROOMS.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to 1118 Brooiiwsy, Oakland. Adver-
tlgements and subscriptions received.
OAKLAND FURNITUIIE FOR «ALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. th»
furniture, dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to IUS Broadway, Oakland. Adver-
tlßcments and subscriptions received.
NOTICES.
NOTICE of dissolution of . partnership.— The
firm heretofore existing under the name and
¦tyle of lACCHERI*& BACIGALUPI. doing
butlness in the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, was on the 2Sth day of March. 1899. dis-
solved by mutual consent, MR. G. lACCHEKI
having purchased the entire Interest of Q.
BACIGALUPI in the concern.
G. lACCHERI,
. G. BACIQALUPI.
Ban FranclFCO. February 9. 1900.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 76 (twenty-
flv» cents per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the '
office or the company. No. 127 Market st.. on
and after Tuesday. Feb. 20 1900. Transfer
books will close on Wednesday. Feb. 14, WOO,
at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued aa follows:
Myron M. Lemon, 21. Stockton, and Katie M.
Call, 22. Los Aneeles. A- y' ,
Charles H. Eaton. 34. Reno, Nev.. and Annie
Frey. 34. Rer.o. Nev. "
Edward S. Leszyneky. ». city, and Beatrice
CHC H r ' Leahy. SI/ 1603 Dolores street,
and Aitnes M. Johnson. 20, 515 Cortland avenue.
Robert J. Strcle. 22. 46 Erie street, and Lor-
etta T. Plunkett. 20. 1312 A Harrison street. •
; Armand If. Cossercn, 2J, ISI6 Polk street, and
Alice M. Wills. 22. Oakland.
Alfred Valento. 22. 1128 Howard street, and
Mamie E. Holleran, 19, 275 Shipley street.
Emil L Klopf. 32. 592 Fourth street, and Lou-
ise M. Brady, 23. 326 Brannan street.
Charles F. Hints. 22. 123 Liberty- street, and
Juila E. Brunlg. 21. 2676 Twenty-first street.
Adolph Baher. 33. Sacramento, and Lulu Da-
Tls. 23, Sacramento. M _
Martin Peter. 46. Santa Ro?s, and Theresa
| Cole, 44, Santa Rosa.
~BlgfflS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS
Birth marriagfe and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must b« handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorised to have the same published.
BORN.
COUGHLIN— In this city, February 11. 1900. to
the wife of J. J. Coughlin, a son.
HFENAN— In this city. February 15, 1900, to
tie wife of J. C. Heenan. a daughter.
KORDT— In this city. .February 15, 1900. to the
wife of F. S. Kordt. a daughter.
MAYER— In this city. February 15. 1300, to the
wife of A. J. Mayer,' a daughter.
McCLARY— In this city, . February U, 1900, to
the wife of Hueh H- McClary. a daughter.
MEYERS— In Alameda. February 17. 1900, to
?he wife ot H. H.. Meyers, a daughter.
WILLIAMS— In. this city, February 18, 1900, to
the wife t>f- Thomas \\ illiams, a son. -'
MARRIED.
FHIEDIjANDEK— LANDE— In thl* city. Feb-
ruary IS. ISOO, by the Rev. M. 8. Levy.. Albert
Friedlander and Eva Lande. both of this city.
iifn'DRICKSON — KINGSBURY — In Santa
Crux February 12, 1800, by the Rev. J: B.
Ott at the Congregational Church. H«rman
Heiiarickson and Kva Klngsbury, both of San
FrancisoO. I '. -
KASTEN-KUHN-In this cltr. February li,
1100, by the Rer. Hermann Gehrcke, Ferdla-
STUDENTS' SODALITY
INSTALL NEW OFFICERS
At the regular weekly meeting of the
Students' Sodality of St. Ignatius College,
held yesterday morning, the following of
ficers were installed for the second half
of the college term: Prefect, Stanislaus
A. Rlley; first assistant, Edward F.
O'Day; second assistant, Richard L. Will
lams; secretary, Frank Barrett; treasurer,
John Delehanty; censors, Zacheue J.
Maher and Hubert M. Hussey; organist,
Achille Artigues; choir director, Thomas
A. McCurdy; librarians, William Lonerpan
and Harry Lonergan; marshals, Frod
Churchill, Gregory Kast and Harry Mc-
Carthy; vestry prefects, Francis I. Brai.fl
and Constantino Schoen; consultere, Ed
ward A. Foley, George H. Svetenich,
Louis X. Ryan, A. Cleary, Charles Schott,
A. Smith, Vllllam Breen.^E. w Carberry,
Charles E Caurture, F. X. Williams, Ray
Robinson and John Whelan; guardians of
divisions, Joseph Geary, John Maginnls,
James Fay, James Kelly and Leo Mitchell
YOUNG LADIES WILL
APPEAR IN "THE MIKADO"
Fair members of -St. Dominic's Junior
Choir and Choral Union will produce Gil
bert and Sullivan'B ever popular opera,
"The Mikado," on Wednesday evening,
February 21, in aid of their chblr fun>l.
Tho first act will be produced without tho
aid of the sterner sex. All the parts will
be played by the young ladle*. Through
the courtesy of the Tivoli Opera House
all the stage accessories and scenery used
in tHe production-of the comic opera will
b« used by the amateurs in their perform
ance. At the conclusion of the act-danc
ing will be indulged in until a late hour.
Following are the cast and chorus:
Nanki-Poo O.he eon of the Mikado, disguised
as a minstrel and In love with Yum- Yum,),
Katharine Barry; Ko-Ko (Lord High Execu
tioner of Tltlpu), Dolly Roche; Poo- Bah (Lord
High Everything Klse), Maggie Olisen; Plsh-
Tush (a noble lord), Kathleen Roche: Yum-
Yum, Plttl-Slng, Peep-Bo (ward* of Ko-Ko),
Edna Walsh. Daisy Daniels. Addle Daniels;
Katlsha (an elderly lady In love with Nanki-
Poo), Birdie' MoKeon. Chorus— Mamie Barry,
Frances Crowe, Nellie Crowe, Christine Clas
sen, Ida Herlihy, Loretta Herllhy, Albertlna
Meyerhoffer, Lizzie Meagles, May Meagles,
Charlotte MeKeon, Ella Olsen. Hattle O'Neill,
Nellie Convery.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
- Steamers leave Broadway
w^ wharf, San Francisco:
Cpir., For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.
SS^SK. FF * D - w - !3; Mar - 2 - chan «*
f^y^M^Q. to company" n steamer, at
f KsSm tbHA For Victoria. Vancouver
HhJSS^S^I 'B. C). Port Town«nd,
Seattle, Tncoma, Everett.
Anacortes and New What-
™ com (Wash.), •10 a.' m., Feb.
20, 25; Mar. 2, and every fifth day thereafter; j
change at Seattle to this company's steamers |
for Alaska and O. N. Ry.; at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. : at Vancouver to' C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), > p. m.. Feb.
18, M. 28. Mar. 5, and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota,
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, 9
a, m., Feb. 18. 29. 24, M. Mar. 4. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port I«os
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a. m.,
Feb. IS. 22. 28, Mar. 2. and every fourth day
thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of. each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folder. t
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing,
without previous notice. :
TICKET OFFICK — 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. On. Agts.,
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST BTEAMERS TO
PORTLAND.
- From E»«ar-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC il2 First Class Ineludlsx Berth
iMnt. $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sail* ...Feb. 17. 27 t Mar. 9, 19
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Feb. 22. March 4. 14. 24
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butt*.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
B. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market St.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINB.
KIW TORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LOSSON. PAWS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Louis Feb. 21 St. P.ul March 14
Friesland Feb. 2b Kensington ..March 21
New York ....March 7 New Tork ....March 21
RED STAH LINE.
New York, arjd Antwerp.
From New Tork every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Noordland Feb. 21 Westernland .March 14 i
Friesland Feb. 2* Kensington ..March II
Southwark ...March 7 Noordland ...Marches
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Mlcrjael, Cawson City. .
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
SO Montgomery St., or any of its agencies.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COft-
ner of First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m.,
for YOKAHAMA and HONQKONO. calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at • Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. - . '
AMERICA MARU Wednesday. March 7
HONGKONO MARU ........Saturday. March SI
NIPPON MARU Wednesday. April 25
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's ofllce,
421 Market st.. corner First
-- W. H. A VERY. Genera} Agent.
COMPAONIE GENERAL! TRAN3ATI.ANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS, >^ rr>r .
Sailing every Thursday instead of CaffTßi
Saturday, from November 2, 1539, at •»** w -*y»
10 a. m., from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton St.; LA OASCOGNE. Feb. 22; LA TOU-
RAINE, March 1; LA BRETAGNE. March f.
L'AQUITAINE. March 15. First class to
Havre, $60 and upward; S per cent reduction on
round trip. Second class to Havre, t45; ( per
cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Paclflc
Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery aye.; San ' Fran-
clscq ¦¦¦ •¦ . .".. ¦
®9BBCI&f Bft The S. S. Alameda
rißftlfff 11. * al1 " vla Honolulu an*
[ w t w "M ( Auckland • for Sydney
m - «^- Wednesday. Feb. Si,
rv/ I' A at B. p. m.
JSlßiniMllDe/ The 8. 8. Australia
CylKlilJlUr'*' sails- for Honolulu
fOfllßflflM- Wednesday. March T.
'VliiyUllcr 1900. at J p. m.
Favorite line around the warlfl via Hawalt.
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia. India, Sues.
England, etc.; $810 first class.
' >, I*, arnsi>i\tL» a U..W0.V0., Mgts.. u4 Mantsomen
Pier 7. Foot Paciric St Freichf Gtfice. 321 Market Si.
BAT AND BIVEB STEA2IE&3.
"liiTMAvrS vallejo.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON., Tues.. W«d.. Thurs. and Sat. at »:4»
a. m.; 3:15. 8: JO p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-,
days. 1 p. m. and 8:20: -Sundays. 10:30-0. m». I
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE • • SgQ
KAIXItOAD TEAVBL.
MOUNT TAMALPfiIS SCENIC HfULWAY
Leave San . Francisco via Sansalito Ferry.
Week days — ¦ t-M a. m. aad 1:45 p. na.
Sundays t:9O. 10:00 a. m. and IMS p. m.
-:•-•-• Bteam-heated closed . ear en all trlans.
Fare— Saa Francisco to Summit and Return,
n 40.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEABST HT. Sstabllsßed
in 18S4 for the treatment of Private
I)He*s»s, Lost Manhood. Debility or
dlseaae n earing on body and mind and
Sktn Diseases. The doctor cures when
other* fall. Try him. Cnargai low
Cure* roar an feed. Callorwrltft.
; i>r. J, jr. of 880 x. Box ltS7, Saa FnacUca
Richardson on Trial.
Charles Richardson was placed on trial
before Judge Lawlor yesterday morning
on a charge of murder. Richardson ahot
and killed his wife. Ellen Richardson,
during a row in a South-of-Market street
saloon on October 10 of last yenr. Rich
ardson claims thr.t he killed his wife after
she had attempted to brain him with an
iron wrench. The Jury, which was com
pleted yesterday, will hear the- evidence
in the case to-day.
ItBAL ESTATI2— CITY — FOIt SALE.
UALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
JCO0 — Octavia st.. near Broadway; two-story j
rrti.d«;nce of $ rooms and- bath: lot 25x137:6;
iTu&IXKSS CORNERS AND RESIDENCE
SITES.
Entire block, bounded by Foleom St.. Treat
aye., 33th ar.d 14th Ets., hems offered In sub-
<Jlv(Motif; call at office and get diagrams; II2CO
and upward.
A FINE INVESTMENT.
fTO.OGO — Cicfe to Third and -Howard ets.: part-
ly improved; win pay € p»-r cent net; large
lot. 134:6x165: double frontage.
AN OFFEB WANTED.
*3TS0 — Rltch i=t.; 5 flats: rents f*2 50; !ot 22x83. j
SraOO— Tehama et.. i-*ar Third: S tenements;
rrr.ts f76; lot 50xi«.
RESIDENCE PROPERTT. j
T7600 each— Facing Jpffeiron bqusre on Laguna
St.; special offering of several choice residences;
f •...-;-:.(•:. and particulars at offlce.
CORNER LOT.
STOCO-Van Ness aye.; corner; S2:«xlC9.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
j ____ 10 Montgomery st.
irE AND UPWARD. |
Raj.ifliy Crowing Residence Section. ;
On \er> ea!=>- payments; choice lots in the I
p.irx-k r^eeiniy subdivided, bounded by H and I I
«ts., I"irhie«T.th and Nineteenth ayes.; right on ',
Ihe Park and the new Nlr.teenth-ave. boule- '
xar<3; a number of lots already Sold; balance !
t»und to bell quickly; fine Investments; good j
lots; ail ready; lots on official grade; j
maca<iarr.aized; water pipes laid; plack side- j
¦walk*; « per cent Interest only. . .
FIUCEi? S^S I'PWAttD— YOUR OWN TERMS. |
Money advanced for building purposes; elec- I
trie .oars pass the property; see this block at I
pr.oe: <o to our branch of floe to-day, cor. II ]
*t. enti Ninth aye.; price lists, etc., there or at I
our oiace. , BALDWIN & HOWELL. ;
10 Montgomery st." f
A. M, SPECK A CO.
LOAN MONET.
C 67 Mirk-; et.. opp. , Kearny.
f*o.<W— Grand corner; 75 ft. front; H biock j
frrm Market st., not far from Slsth; rents 1300. I
J7s.o^>— Grand cor.. CO ft., within biock ot j
Hatdwin; positively the cheapest property
i4(i*tilo«r.) in the city. • ' '
r r .C.-.i— Ksre Snr^fitmer.t; vicinity Powell and !
Oafy: 4-rtory brick building; stores and loflg- !
i::g- house above; 36 feet front. '
SC.C*>— Corner: rents 1490; modern improve- i
rrer.ts; lot S(?xl3s feet.
!£S.EO<V r -;<ear Eddy and Jones; *tor« and »
rcssis ,abo\e; modern: pays 7 per cent net.
$:<,«<»- Sixth rt.; 75 f*et front; rents K4OO '
ypiLr!} : good bul'fling; 4 stores.
*::.V-0- Third Ft., about 22D feet from Market: j
etrr.e a.ri& lodp'ng-house: term*. cash.
jsvco— 6 eiegaut new fiats;, lot SOxIOO ft.; all
rentofl for JS4 a mo. ; grand bargain.
J7O>— Six good Cats: rents J&6O yearly; down- i
town 1 : lot 50 feet front.
TWO— Poet «t.; 2 good flats; rents J6O: lot I
27x110.
J2JiO— Cor. store and 6-room Cat; rents t37;
foreclosure.
flTlO— Two nice flats; rents $16 M.
1760—6 roonr.s ar.d lot 45x72 ft.
A* M. SPECK A CO.. €67 Market st.
A. M. EPKCK Sl CO.. "
«C 7 MARKET ST.
Offer wanted: close to Sar.ta Fe ferry »!te;
FW. corner Folsom and Beaie sts.; lot $2:lx
137:4. with improvements.
RARE chance — New house of C rooms, bath and
closets, - all in irodern style: carpenter ghop
end outhouses in back yard: lot f.0x70; «pl*ndld
location, -near Mission power house. Prospect
eve.: street and newrr work fione; worth over
f2fOO; will ee'.l f<r SICSO en easy terms. Call on
the owner. 4R Prospect aye.. and look at it,
ar.d If It suits inquire cf THISTLETON, 27J
Padowa et.. Ocean View, cr of McEWEN'
rJIOS. 118 Mnntgrimery at, agents.
MODERN flats— j:*oo; containing 5 and 8 rooms
each; highly decorated and finished with all
modern conveniences: £31 Waller »t.. one
Mock from Hafrht ana Pterce; ea*y terms.
F. NELSON, Builder.
IF you have lots in Richmond district, north of
the Park, that you wish to cell quickly thea
call on W. J. GI'NX, £30 California st.
: iIOHERN fiats cheap; must sell account of
departure for Europe. Inquire 467 Tehs-ma.
KL2A.It ESTATE COI'STRV For Sale
mR BALE— A beautiful orchard home prop-
erty cr £5*4 «£res, all In full bearing trees,
cr.*-t!-/rd prunes, the balance peaches, pears,
tpncou and cherries, with good Improve-
ments, situated In the warm foothill belt of
Bant* Oara Valley. 8 miles west of San Joss,
f rr.Ues from Eacta Clara and 4 miles from
Mountain View; paying a good lncoma; price
cnly KS.OCa For particulars address A. L..
Call Apency. Baa Jose.
COUNTRY REAL EETATE
FOR RENT OR SALE.
A very fleslratle place of 6 acres; 1 miles
fmni Vollelo and Mare Island Navy-yard;
!. fihlr cultivated; the entire place set with
brartnc trees aad vines of many varieties of
fmUv and cuts; *plenflid modern dwelling of
• T>omr. cellar; summer kitchen attached;
ts:»r r'peS Jn hou»« ar»d throagrhout the place;
STstiifisi. toolroom, wa^on shedn. pig r«ns.
I •¦•cken house; abundance of water from 2
rowar.d modern windmills; g-ood terms will
t* ri\en"ta a etcafiy and Industrious tenant)
rent 120 per roocth. Call or address
FREfc HALLMAN.
Hallman House, Vallejo.
A LOVELY INCOME HOME AND UNEQUAL-
r,u val'JC.
J^ acre* rich loam: no adobe: fenced; 3 fields;
50 highly cultivated; 30 wooded hill pasture;
25 acres bearing orchard; 6-room residence;
¦r;- barn; ixrultry arrangements; 3 living
springs, trout creek and wells; fine road ad-
jacent to- Napa; including stock and tools.
N. ifrsICKELS. the LAND AGENT.
IP Geary Ft., orp. Chronicle building, B. F.
M' GRIFFIN. 7X9 Market Bt.. near Call bide, j
sells and exchanges city realty and farms in |
all parts cf California: call on him.
J W. HORN, *>ll Main St.. Petaluma; real es-
iste snd thoroughbred Belgian hares. Bend
'.ct fr#*> llrt ft Sonoma Count y bargain*.
UOOMS FOR HOPSKKKKPIXQ.
OALIFORXIA. :cr»— Sunny room; 1 or I rentle-
ro^n: treakfaFt If desired; private tamlly;
rtffrftacfs exchanged.
CAFTRO. £11—2 unfurnished rconvj; rent 14 60.
ELEVENTH. SS— Unfurnished large front
• ¦ m for llpfct housekeeping.
rili-MORE, iZM. near Clay— S7: S large eunny
unf urnitbnl rooms : nice yard; water.
F<"'L.FOM. 216-218— Four to «ix housekeeping
¦ rooms; complete; water and ga«.
fnLEOM. U4— Sunny front room and kitchen;
rr.k; closet: .Kove; beth; no children; pri-
vate; t!0-
FirLTON. 121H— Tmvt s-jr.ny rooms; range,
waser large' yard; rer.t %S to $10; also 2 un-
furnjehefl.
OOLPEN GATE aye.. ll3»— Two furnished
room* for housekeeping; adults; references.
GOLDEN { O ATB Aye.. 1410— Finely furnished
?.ocr; corsrlete; run, bath, yard; cheap.
I.T:ROy place, 114, bet. Jones & Leavenworth— 3
. ¦¦% ;.>»>o-'it sunny hounekeeplng rooms: %t.
Z~ry -let Two cr three furnished rooms suitable
for housekeeping. Apply before 12 m.. ISIB
IMIk «t.
TVP.K, MS— J unfurnished rooms for housekeep-
* I:.*: isrge yard. j _^
•rri'.K. £C4^-ThTee eunny furnished house-
keeping Tooms ; t;as. tath; <15.
TU"eXfTH, 40—2 eunny front rooms; fumiehed
for ftousekeeplng; tlO.
VKKEBURO" 318. nr. J4th and Church, Mission
«'. cars transfer 22d— 2 sunny unfurnished
roocis to rent; ji month. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2220 FiUraorc st
a PRASTH office for Call advertisements and
F^^.ptions ba. been established at the
northwest comer of Twenty-second and Ken-
t v rky fts.; open till 9 P. "• .
T wuSCH efflre for the reception of adrer-
t^renVents and subscription, has been opened
«t IE3 Po!k et.: open untn 8 p. in.
a m»AN'<"H ofnce for Call advertisement* and
ha. been estabUahed at 105* Va-
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn.- sind Infurn.
XTbRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148' Sixth-Room.
ttc\o Jl per night: il 25 to IS per week, and
iiirht hout-ekeppir-g: open all night. ;
A--. r Hn ELMEB HOUSE," 824 Bush St.. ad-
Jc'.mty the Ituss Hotel; M rooms; all prices.
BOHEMIA. KsT'ort. tor. Stockton— Sunny cor-
««-r suite and single rooms; hot and cold
water; elevator and all conveniences.
BURNETT JC6 Market st. (old No. 1364)-Fur-
Biatoa4 rirs.. tuites. single; alto unfurnished.
CAP.ROLLTON. KM Market, cor. Golden Gate
uvt.~ t-unny corner: well f urn. ; mi; &of fleet.
fl AfcFlFirD advertisements and subscriptions
Ver»ll>a "»t Call trench offlfe. 2100 Fiirmor*.
ELLIS r.S-Niceiy furnl»h«l. large, very sunny
*r><vx room- i>ath; reasonable. • .
FOLSOM 7Jit— Larre ¦ room.' flr*place; bou»e-
keeplrg and flngle rooms: gunny; reasonable.
FOLSOM. fCS, corner Sixth (The Oliver)— Sunny
furrristred rooms: suites or' single; new numt,
iHAXKUN, tKNewport Huu«>- Sunny room.:
tay windows: run, water: gas; fl 25 to n aQ.
GHART. 405 (The .Navarre)-Elegantly f"™{«£
ed room?, en euite or single. MRS. H. HlfcK.
HAIGIIT. 100 — Elegantly furnished aunny
rwms cirigle or en tsuite. •¦ .
HANCOCK Hv-se. 781 Mlffion— Select farally
rooming .hc^te; II 10 to ii per week.
HOWARD »!2»— Clean, respectable; 25c-$l per
r.lg-ht; fl-W per week: Howard car, to door.
IiOWARD. 1818— Two unfurnished front rooms,
with fireplace, for light housekeeping.
MINNA W7. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
Lajr-wlsdow room, fl ptr week; traiuleat.
UNKNOWN MAN'S BODY
TAKEN FROM THE BAY
Letters Found In His Pockets Indi
cate That He May Be J. T. Jack
son, Recently of Tacoma.
The body of an unknown roan was found
yesterday floating In the bay near "Val
lejo street wharf. The remain a had been
in the water about two week*, and were
those of a laboring man 49 or 45 years old.
In the coat pocket were found several let
ters addressed to "JV T. Jackson, Tacoma.
Wash." The writer was William
Jackson, a brother of the man to whom
the . letters were addressed, and were
dated from Gaudette s Camp. Lookout.
Wash., where the writer was em
ployed in a sawmill. .
The body is at the Morgue awaiting
identification.
and Kasten and Anna Barbara Kuhn, both of
this city.
LEWIS— MICHAEL— In this city, February I*.
1900. by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Jack Lewis and
Rae Michael, both of this city.
NEWMAN— ALEXANDER— In this city. Feb-
ruary 18. by the Rev. M. 8. Levy. William
Newman and Lena Alexander., both of this
city.
STETSON— DOE— In Pasadena, February 19.
1900, by the Rev. Robert Macke-nsle. James B.
Stetson and Eleanor H. Doe, both of San
Francisco. w ¦ ¦-'>'¦' - :
DIED.
Bain. Mark F. Klncald, Isabella
Bechtle. Mina Ledwlth. Charles F.
Brombacher. Henry Mcßride. Mary
Burke, John F. McCarthy. Dennis
Dana, Henry A. McKee, Laura A- P.
Desmond. William F. Meacher.- Ann
Donahue. Henry O'Brien. Asrnes a
Dolan. James Phillips, Philip
. EgKenberger. Ann Schlageter. Herman
Fanpohr, Otto , Slavln. Thomas
Forde. Mary J. Smith. Jane M.
Granlest. Fredericke Tyson, Emma
Johnson. Charles S. Welsh. Richard
Jones. Eliza Jane
BAIN— On board hospital shlD Missouri. Mark
F. Bain, a native of Ireland, a*ed 67 years.
IC7" Notice of funeral hereafter.
BECHTLE— In Alameda, February 18, 1900.
Mina. beloved wife of Max Bechtle, mother of
Mlna and Max Bechtle Jr.. a native of Ger-
many, aged 35 years 2 months and 18 days.
BROMBACHER— In Eldrldjce, Sonoma County.
February IS, 1900,- Henry, beloved son of Jo-
hanna C. Brombacher and brother of Emma,
William, Mary, Frieda, Charlotte. Annie,
Otto and Hermann Brombacher. a native of
Ban. Francisco, aged 24 years S months and 6
days.
ICTFrlends and acauaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral servloes
this day (Tuesday.) at 2 o'clock, at the par-
lors of Henry Bvers, 865 Washington street,
Oakland. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery.
BURKE— In this city. February 18, 1900, • John
F.. dearly beloved husband of Bridget Burke
and beloved father of Mrs. M. M. Murdock
and Kathryn, Anna, James and Harry Burke,
a native of County Galway, Ireland, aged 62
years. ' ' •• '
C 7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday.) at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 2431 Bryant avenue, thence to 6t.
Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
DANA— In this city, February 17, 1900. Henry
A. Dana, a native of New York, aged 69 years
9 months and 7 days.
t£7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this flay
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from Pioneer Hall.
Fourth street, near Market. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post.
DESMOND— In this city. February 18. Ws,
William F., beloved son of William and the
late Marcaret Desmond, a native of San
Francisco, ajred 30 years. . ,
tCyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 76 < Mission
street, thence to St. Rose's Church, where a
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 9 o clock.
Interment Calvary Cemetery.
DONAHUE— In this city, February 19, 1890,
Henry, beloved husband of Eliza Donahue
and father of John, Harry. Essie, Andrew.
Marele. Elnor. Germain, Eugene and Joseph
Donahue, a native of County Donegal, Ire-
land.
COURT GOLDEN ERA No. 38. F. of A.— Of-
ficers »n.l members of Court Golden Era No.
86 F. of A., are hereby notified to attend
the funeral of our late brother. H. DONA-
HUE to-morrow (Wednesday.) from our hall.
Pythian Castle. 909 Market street. By order.
M. LEVY. Fin. Sec.
DOLAN—In this city, February 19, 1900, James
1 Dolan. a native of Ireland, aeed 64 years.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from the Chapel
of the Passion attached to St. Mary's Hospi-
tal -where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 7:15 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery by train leaving Third and Town-
send streets at. 11:30 o'clock.
EGGENBEROER— In this city. February 18,
IMO, Ann Eggenberger. a native of Germany,
aged it years.
irTFrlendu and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 5:45 o'clock, from the parlors or
Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue, thence
to St. Boniface Church, Golden Gate avenue,
where a requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9:lo
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FANGOHR— In this city. February 19, 1900, Otto
Fangohr. a native of Germany, aged 24 years
and S months. .'
E7The funeral will take place to-morrow
< Wednesday), at I:3ft o'clock, from the parlors
of J C O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
FORDE— In this city. February 19. 1900. Mary
J. dearjy beloved sister of Thomas,' Margaret
end Willfam J. Forde and Mrs. Ellen How-
ard, a native of Mitchelstown. County Cork,
Ireland. air<*d 45 years.
IC7" Notice of funeral hereafter.
GRANIE9T— In this city. February 17. 1900.
Friedericke Marie Louise, beloved ! wife of
Otto Granlest. daughter of Mrs. Friedericke
Ponnenberg of Berlin, and sister of Mrs. Mar-
tha Kuhn of Los Angeles, Mrs. Dr. Coler and
Mrs. Dr. Froehllch of Germany, a native of
Anhalt. Germany, aged 55 years. (Los An-
geles papers please copy.) .
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1212 Mason stre»t. between Washington
and Jackson. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In Frultvale. February 18. 1900,
Charles S., son of the late Sidney L. and Cor-
nelia C. Johnson and brother of Juliet J.
Mezes, Covington Johnson and Mrs. Cornelia
J. Prlngle, a native of Louisiana, aeed 56
CJ'Funeral services and interment private
this day (Tuesday,) from St. Paul's Episcopal
Church. Oakland.
JONES—I n Santa Rosa, February 17, 1900. Eliza
Jane beloved wife of the late Cyrus Wlnshlp
Jones and mother of Harry L. Jones, a na-
tive of Boston, aged 76 years and 9 months.
KJNCAID— In Oakland. February 17, 1900, Mrs.
Isabella Kincatd, beloved mother of William
and Isabella Kincaid, and widow of the late
William Klncald, a native of Sunderland,
England, aged 58 years.
O^The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday) afternoon, at 2 o'clock. Interment
strictly Drivate, Mountain View Cemetery.
LF-DWITH— In this city, February 17, 1900,
Charles Francis, beloved son of Mary and the
late Nicholas Ledwlth. and brother of John
J. and Olimon T. Ledwith, a native of Point
Reyes. Cal., aged 22 years 9 months and 13
days.
mTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 12:43 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services
(it 1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McBRIDE— In this city, February 19, 1900.
Mary, beloved wife of Bernard Mcßrlde and
mother of Mrs. Hsnry Mahler, a native of Ire-
land. a«ed 61 years.
Z3T Interment Coloma. El Dorado County.
MCCARTHY— In this city, February 18. 1900.
Dennis McCarthy, beloved brother of Mrs.
Ellen Nyhan and Mrs. Mary Nyhan and
the late Jnmes and John McCarthy, a native
of I>ip, County Coric. Ireland, aged 36 years.
(EXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commonclnc at 9
o'clock.. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McKEE— In this city, Laura Ann Phelpsi, be-
loved wife of Harrison B. McKee, a native of
Manchester, N. H., aged 60 years 7 months
and 19 days.- . •
MEAOHER-In this city, February 19. 1900,
Ann, beloved mother of James F. and Mary
Meagher, a native of Fethard. County Tlpper-
ary. Ireland, aged 79 years.
icrTh* furteTal will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, ¦ from her late
residence. 11l Guerrero street, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Qhurch, where a solemn requiem
mail will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
private)- ¦ :;: ?-.- ¦£
O'BRIRN— In this city, February 19, 1900. at her
residence, 1506 O'Farrell street, Agnes C, be-
loved wife of Joseph H. O'Brien, daughter Of
John St Murphy and sister of Mrs. J. J. Mc-
Elroy and James J. and Loretta C. Murphy, a
native -of \ San Francisco, aged 26 years 7
months and 23 days.
PHILLIPS— In thls^ctty. February 18, 1900,
Philip, beloved husband of Sarah Phillips,
and father fcf Paulina Phillips, a native of
London, England, aged 61 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 241 Webster street, between Halght
and Pa*e, thence to Third and Townsend
streets, for 11:30 train. A member of Court
"VTashincton No. 37. F. of A.; Etham Lodge
No. 37. 1. O. B. 8., and Sacramento Lodge No.
80. A. O. U. W. : members are requested to
attend. Interment Hills of Eternity Cemetery
by train. - ..
SCHLAGETER- In this city, February 19, 1900,
at the residence pf his. daughter. Mrs. Charles
O. Lathrep. 2798 California, street, Herman,
beloved husband of Barbara Sehlasreter, for-
merly of Marlposa County, Cal.. a native of
Germany, aged 70 years 9 months and 26 days.
(CTFrlends ere respectfully invited to. at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Wednes-
day), at 2 o'clock, at Masonic Temple, comer
of Post and Montgomery streets, under the
auspices of Oriental Lodge No. 144, F. and A.
M. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. Please
omit flowers. ' • ¦ : '
6LAVIN— In this city, February 17. 1900; Thom-
ae, beloved husband of. the late Catherine
Blavln and father of John Slavln. a native- of
County Longford, Ireland, aged 60 years. (St.
Paul. Minn., papers please copy.) ,
C^ Friends and acquaintances are < respect- 1
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan A Gallagher). .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAUMERS,
M Fifth st, opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South W.
ONCE MORE THE
BOSTONIANS IN
FLIMSY OPERA
Frpthingham Saves
the Night.
? ¦ — '.
HERBERT'S TUNES ARE STICKY
DEGENERATION OF THE ONCE
FAMOTTS > COMPANY.
The Alcazar Company in "A Prodigal
Father"— Faroe at the Calif or
'; v nia— No Change at the
Other Houses.
One Bong: will not: make ah opera any
more than the proverbial swallow makes
a summer, but thanks to George Froth
ingham "The Serenade" Is quite an ac
ceptable -entertainment. Frothlngham is
funny without the assistance of the libret
tist, and I- do not think any one ever
yawns when he is on the stage. It Is not
so with the other members of the com
pany, who do little to relieve the cloying
tedioushess of ,th opera, •/
"The Serenade" makes me feel like a
fly in molasses. It Is so sicky sweet and
progressive, though It is so wearisome
and slow. Then, too, there- is that erer
lasting "I love thee. I adore thee" war
bled ad nauseum and fastening itself on
one with all the pernicious escapeleasness
of the cigarette habit. It would not be
so bad if the insidious thing were musi
cally less vulgar, but it is a piece with the
rest of Victor Herbert's compositions
which are in every grade of musical merit
from the worst up to the third class.
There are one or two songs In The
Serenade" that are much better than the
serenade itself, and some of the music
shows a decided Ingenuity, but there is a
yellow streak in all of it and in the or
chestration Mr. Herbert's obvious efforts
to be different, which he mistakes for
originality, frequently are productive of
the most distracting sounds. I say dis
tracting because they distract ones at
tention from the stage in a most imperti
nent manner.
Herbert's airs are jingles and his ac
companiments Jingle, and yet he is tne
foremost composer- of comic opera In
America to-day. Verily the Bostonians
have degenerated. Time was when they
sang in "Mlgnon" and "Don Pasquale"
and even "Faust," and "Fra Diavolo ' wa3
a staple with them, but now It is "Robin
Hood," "The Serenade" and "The Vice
roy." Their excursion Into Mlnkowsky s
"Smugglers of. Badayez" was a step up
ward, for in spite of Its faults this first
attempt of a young composer has an un
questionable musical importance. But In
order to make it fit the decrescent stand
ards of the organization and the public
taste, Minkowsky's work was vulgarized
and distorted and three or four insuffer
ably cheap,' nasty and catchy "tunes'
were grafted on it by Mr. Stadley, the
conductor of the orchestra.
Before leaving Victor Herbert in peace
or pieces; I hold It my solemn duty to
state that "The Viceroy," two acts of
which I thought were tolerable, pulls
down so hard in the third that It might
even be heard in New York. Mr.' Smith
must stand his share of responsibility, for
the last chapter^ of n ia book Is hopelessly
flat. There is a difference between flat
ness' and dullness. In "The Viceroy." af
ter two acts quite decently spangled with
wit, comes one wherein Smith tries and
tries, but fails to land. This is flat. In
"The Serenade" there are no spangles
and no particular effort, Just a lot of stu
pid drivel to carry out a plot that it Is
acknowledged was taken from some one
else. ¦ ' • •
Aside from Frothlngham there is no one
in the cast that may be mentioned with
praise unless it be Mr. Fitzgerald, in a
small part. Miss Cameron shrilled a
waltz song and brought down the house
for three . encores with a few. "Lucia
cadenzas, although' the average audience
is "easy ' when it comes ¦- to cadenzas.
Miss Cameron did her little, nourish and
took her top note very neatly. The beau
tiful van Dresser cannot sing, but the
scenery was admirable. . •
? -.. PORTER GARNETT.
OTpneum.
Kathryn Osterman, pretty, graceful and
sweet-voiced, faced a critical audience
last night In the Orpheum as a stranger
seeking to win laurels on the vaudeville
stage, to supplant the ones she has won
on the legitimate as a comedienne. She
had to rub out the slate of her past vic
tories and begin all over again so far as
San Francisco audiences are concerned,
and she succeeded in winning, as her
friends told her she would, the approba
tion of the proverbially cold and hard-to
please San Franciscans. "The Editor" la
a sketch that, although clever, does not
afford her the opportunity of doing her
best; but in. spite of this drawback she
proved her merit. When she first ap
peared before the footlights last night not
a hand clap greeted her. There were no
Claquers in the house, and it was an in
timation to her that She would have to
ride with spurs to win, and she did It in a
canter. She has a magnetic presence, a
genuine laugh and the poetry of motion.
No wonder that the house rose up at her
and applauded and laughed until the tears
came.
The bill this week is a fine one. D«
Witt and Burns do a grotesque and diffi
cult acrobatic act: Fanny Fields "caught
on" with the boys as a Jolly Dutch girl,
and Harris and Fields are irresistibly
funny in the pool gams. The last week's
holdovers are better than ever, Monroe
and Mack, Deets and Don. and Cushman,
Holcombe and Curtis being the bright,
particular stars.
Alcazar. •
The rain last night did not prevent a
large audience from gathering at the Al
cazar Theater, ' when the farce-comedy,
"The Prodigal Father," was presented.
It is full of funny situations, which kept
the audience laughing almost from the
rise to the fall of the, curtain. Stanley
Dodge, president of the Geographical So
ciety, starts with his servant to make an
exploration in Africa for the benefit of
the society, but while In New York, prior
to embarking on the steamer, he falls In
love with Dollie Bonde. a vaudeville art
ist, and pursues her. when he gets home
he-concocts the story of being In Africa,
which gets him into no end of .amusing
complications. The cast is composed oi
Jeffrey Williams as Stanley Dodge; May
Blayney and Laura Crews, his daughters;
Stanley Ross,- his sOn: Mary Hampton,
Dollie Bonde; little Edith Cooper, Blrdi
•kins, her child; Ernest Hastings. Tom
Breeze; Howard: Scott, Rev. Mlldway
Smiles; f George P.- Webster, Cateeby
Duff.vtragedian and' journalist; Carlyle
Moore, Dodge's valet; and Georgia Wood
thorpe, the waiting-maid.
California. '
Considering the weather and other, draw
backs there was a fair attendance at the
California Theater last evening to witness
the farce comedy "Who is Who," by Her
bert Hall Winslow._ Most of the fun was
provided hy Charles A. Pusey and Bert
St.' John, while Metta Miller furnlshel the
good looks of the show. Those who enjoy
plenty of stage life and exercise may find
r 'WTio is Who" father attractive. The
scenery and furnishings are good. The
next attraction at the California will be
Maggie Moore and her Australian com
pany, which will present "The Silence of
Dean Maltland.V commencing with Sun
day matinee. ¦ . . . .
•. Tlvoli.
The rain did not diminish the attendance
at the Tlyoll last night. "The Idol's Eye"
has had an unprecedented run and bids
fair to crowd the popular playhouse
throughout.- the week.- New songs and
"gags nave been introduced, and theater
goers who have • already seen the opera,
can *go again and d*rlve aa much pleasure
as on the first occasion. "Teddy '- Hart
man like old wine, loses none of hia
sparkle, and continues to keep. his audi
ence in good spirits. 'He is ¦. ably abetted
by Alf C. Wheelun, the "Hoot Mon." Tom
Green nang in good voice last night, and
Miss Graham had to repeat her beautiful
waltz song; and the other members of the
company received warm applause for their
efforts, r... i. . ; -'. ' .¦¦¦¦> ¦¦?.•¦- .:'¦. >
\i .' . , Chutes. >..¦.¦.#»'¦ ¦..'-•¦ .
At the Chutes Theater last night Lillian
yon Tiisse, possessed of. a rich barytone
(Tue«day), at 1 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of James McMenomey & Son. 1057 Mis-
sion street, thence to St. Joseph's Church for
services. . Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city. ¦ February 18, . 1900,' Jane
¦ M., wife of G. Canning; Smith, a native of
New York, aged 82 years. (Mendoclno County
papers pi ease -copy*) .- r. ¦
lO^The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 3 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & C 0.," 946 Mission street. Interment
private/
TYSON— In this city, February 19. 1900. Emma
Tyson, relict of the late Andrew J; TysOn, &
native of Wisconsin, ased 83 years 9 months
and 18 days. . :
WELSH— In this city, February 18. 1900. Rich-
ard Welsh, a native of Youffhal. County Cork.
Ireland, aged 42 years.
[CT Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy Sc Co.. ¦ 1235 Market street, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a BOlemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. \/. ;
lONATIAN COUNCIL No. K. T. M. I.— The
annual requiem mass for the repose of the
souls of all departed brothers of the Young
Men's Institute will be celebrated Thursday
mornins. February 22, at St. Mary's Church
(Paultst), beginning at 10 o'clock. Relatives
snd friends of deceased members are respect-
fully Invited to be present. Sermon by Rev.
P. J. MacCorry, C. S. P.
E. B. THOMAS. Pres.
C. L. EBNER. Sec.
THE SAN FRANCISCO t CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1900.
IOCTHKRX r««!iri<! COXFAJIT.
(PACiriO SYSTEM.)
Tmtmt !•*•« nnil nr* tine <• nrrlv* »?
. - -SA> rilAX€l.M:<>.
Qbln Line, Foot of Market Street)
lkti — From DscxuMa 13, 1399. — ABJtrra
•7:OO» BenlcU. Sulsno, Elmir*. TamtUlo,
Bnuaejand SaerasMnto •7:1.1*
*7t«*A Bkasta Krpras— Datl*. WQlow%
Red Dlurf. Portland.. *7:-i3y
*7ißOa Usitloez. San lUmcn. Vilie'o. Xa?*,
CillstcriaadHanta Itosa *«llSy
•»i3Oa The OremDdLlßiUed-Osdsn, D«a*
»er. Omaha. Chicago •3tlS*
¦SiXOa S»u Jos». I.trerrcore. Stockton. ,
lone. Kacramcnto. I'laccrrUlo,
Mnrjstillo. Clilco. Uetl Uinll MilSv
•«!«•* •Milton, OakiUle anil Sonera MsM*
•9:O<»* Hsjirsnls. Niles and Way Stations. '11:13*
*«:OOa DatU. Woodland. Knighta Lsadlns.
MarrstUrtwOroTllle_... »7»43»
•»i«»* Atlantio Rzprtas— Ogden and East *1»:43*
•9i«Ua Msrtinea. Traer, Lmtlirop, Stockton.
Merc-tl sn«l k'rwmo *19tia»
•Di« »* Ton Costa. Vresao. llojare aad Lss
Aosel«s.. •tfrt.'l*
• I «r« 0 1 V.llcjo. Martinez aad Way Stations •8i4.1v
•1 1 iOOa Harvard* NUes ard Way Stations. *2544»
•I2:O0k Nlles, liTermor^ Stockton, Baera-
Bento, Mr ndou, Uantord. VUoil*. "
. PorterfiUo MilS*
Jlj««P Bacramento ni»er BtB«meTS t«i««p
•StOOr Harwards. Nile* and Way Stations. *3>43»
•4iO«p Ifartlosa, San lUmon. VallsM
¦ Nap*. Calintoea. Hunt* Rosa •OilS*
•«i«i»r Benlcfi. Vaoatille, Bacramentow "-,"
Wooaland. Knishts LaisdlDi,
Marn*Ul(vOroTille «Ioi4S*
•4iBo* Nlles. S*a Jose and Stockton *7tl3y
•SiMfTim Owl Limited— Tracy. Tresno.
¦ - . Bakenileld. Bansos for Bant* Bar- -•
Un, Los Anzcles. »10t*3a
•3ioor Sacset Ltatitsd— El Paso. K*v Or-
leans and Knit «10i43»
•3iS«r Stockton. Merceil, Frtsno ¦SStMa
•BtB*r Vit mio, Bakenflefil, Bante nwchara, .'
. - • Los ADgeles, Demtng, El Fuo,
New Orleans and East *f1i434
*3iBop Santv Fe. Hoiite— Atisutto Express
far r.loja»« kikl Vn.fi •0s41»
•Si«Op ITaywir \.i, Kilts aod Saa Joss *7>4*«
tStSVp Vallejo Mail."**
Oriental Msil—Osden and East *SsA«p
17:00r Vallejo, Tcrk C'osU and Way Sta.
Uons. !*>33»
•SiOSr Oitroii and California Kiprom.Mno. ' ' ,
rurapntn. Marjsillle. ltadtltiifi.
rnttlnn.l. Tiiget .Moitnil sml Vml *5»134
MUST nmslOS (Narroir «a B «*>.
¦"¦-?*.'¦ (Foot ot Market Street)
~»8ik»A Newark. UenterTllle.SanJose,FFl ton. *
Boulder Creek.Santa Cruz and Way
Stations *Si3«*
tailSr Newark Centervine, Baa Jose, New
' Almades, Folton, llculder Creek,
' Banta ("tuz aod rriadpal Way
BtaUoM ¦ ; flwiMa.
MilSp Newark. Han J«we. Los Gatos. *O:3»a
IllitSp Hnnters' Kzenrsion. San Jos* aad
Way B ta« lor s f? i99*
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
tltm tin /SkICISCO — Fa«t «f HuUX Strtil (SU? Si—
•7:1 S 9:00 ll ; 00».M. ]I:C9 •2:83 13:C3
•«:C0 JB:C3 ?8:00 p.«.
rr*no)lUX»— rut trßrudwtr.— 'o:oo 8:00 !0:00».n.
tI2:C3 '1:00 »:Ca *3:C3 |i:O3 'Iter.*.
" COAST IMTISIOS (Uroa.l O*u«»).
X^rJ (Third ai:d Twnwiil SU.)
4«ilOa Ocean View, Mouth Ban l'ran«isco. . tO«aop
•7>O»a Han Joss mxl W»y Stations (New
Almadou Wethitadajs only) »l:tup
••¦»O* Ran Joso. Treii I'liios. H»nta (><n.
' l'«cltl« Urovs. I'aso Knbles. Hsu
/ I.nli Glihpo, Surf. Lompoe ami
Prlnolpal \V«y Stations M«l»p
•I*s<l*a Ban Jm«««.1 Way Htatlnits ••1:23 a
• I li3<»* Ban Jnse ami Way Htatians «.V;so»
? «Hi4Sf Han Mate<V ttcdwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Banta Clara. Wan .lose.
Tras Pine*. BanU C:i«. BaUnaa,
Monterey and faciHe Crovs ilOiMa
fXiSap Baa Jose and Way fetation* *7:3»»
ltl.lr San Jos* and Principal Wa 7 Station! "OtM*
? 5:00p Ban Jose and Principal Wa7 Stations «»:«<»»
4 3:S(>r San Jots and Priudpal Way Stations "•:"•>*
•tti.ior Baa Jos«am) WayStatlmjs t*l:O<>a
Sao Jcrfrmnl Way Htation* Ti3O»
A tot Morniuc 1* tot Afternoon.
¦ Daily. t Hun<Uy exempted. 1 Unndsy only.
6 Saturday cn'.y.
jTi> sdaTs and Frld?jt * TlicrMtays sed Ssndars.
CALIFORNirNaTTGWESTERN RY. CO^
.''.... LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St
B AN FHANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3t>. 8:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:33.
8:30. 5:10, «:30 p. ra. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:10 D. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
¦nd 11:30 p. m.
BUNDAIS- J:00, 9:*>, 11:00 a. m. : 1:30. »:*>.
6:00. «:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-«: 10, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 13:43.
3:40. 5:19 v. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
l:. r .5 and «:3S p. m.
81TNDAYS-S:10. 9:»0. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:13. 3:40, 5:03.
8:25 d. m
Between Ba n Francisco «nd Bchuetiea Park
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
October 15. 1 j
Week Sun- 1533. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination, days. | Days.
T:3oaral «:00*ml Novato. 110:40 am] 8:40 aia
5:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. I fi:T> pm!li>:23 am
5:10 pm| 5:00 pmi Santa Rosa. | 7:35 pm! «:22 pm
Fulton.
T:3O am Windsor. 10:23 am
Healdcburg,
Lytton.
Geysßr%'ilie.
S:M pm 1:00 thi Cioverdale. 7:33 pm 4:22 pm
T:Boam| Hoptand and'
I 1:00 am Uklah. | 7:33 pm 5:22 prtt
7:30 am •• ' • Jl»:2j am
i:oOam Guerneville. 7:33 pm
2:ZO pm j 6:22 pm
T:3oam 8:00 am Sonoma 9:13 am| 8:40 am
and
B:ti) pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:C3 rm 6—2 pm
7:30 ami 8:C0 am! Seba^topol. (WHO amili>:C3 am
3:10 pm[ S:oopmj | "r.?Z pm; 6^2 pm
St&ses connect at Santa Rnsa for Mark West
6pHn* 9 and White Snlphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geysenri'.le for Skagga
Springs: at Cioverdale for th<» Oeyyer*; at Hop-
land for I>unci\n Sprlnus. HicMand SFrlnsr?»,
Kelsejn-llle. Carlsbad Hprinsr*. Sod* Bay. I^oke-
port and Bartlett Spring?: at I'kiah for Vichy
Sprints. Saratoga Pprlngs. Blue Lakes. I-aurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper I^ik". Porno".
Potter Valley. John Day"*, Rlverstrle. Llerley"s.
nuckneir*. Hannedrin Heights. IluUvtlle. Orr"s
Hot Pprlnits. Mendo^ino City, Fort Braes.
Westport. I'sal. WHlitts. Lftj-t^nvllte. <'um-
minir's. Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen'a. Dj-er.
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to- Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trio tickets to all points
beyond -Pan Ra'3<*l at half rates.
Ticket Offices. (30 -Market st.. Chronicle bldg.
H. C. WHITING. . R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Ralifornia Limited
Santa Fe Route
T£ CHICAGO
This Is the qulclcsit running and most
luxurious train across the continent. -
Coxnzcrixo Train Leaves San F k ancjsco:
8 P.n. Monday-, Wednesday, Friday and
s«turday. srrivlnu la Chicago at 2:15
P.n In time to connect with all limited
trains lor New York.
OVERLAND Leave-* Sao Francisco at 5:30
rYDDP<( P- m - with Palace aad Tourist
•"Wlii w cars lot Kansas City, St. Lout 3,
DAILY . Chicaco and East.
Local trains between Stockton, VALLC"
Fresno, Hanford, Vtsalia, Tulare n/\AtC
and Bakersfield. KUAU
SCC YOU IN San Francisco office. 623
'FDKCO tftflN Market Street, Phone Mai a
way; Sacramento. Ml J Street; Saa Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara Street. _____^__
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
VU Sausalittf Ferry.
Commencini October 1. 1599.
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND BAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— TrOO. t.iO. 11 jW a. bo.; I.C,
•J:4O. »:15. «:00. «:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturday*.
at »:C0 and 11:30 p. m.
BUXDAYB-»l:00. 'VO.to, ni:3o a, m.; *1:U,
1:1*. *«:43. 1:30. »:(>< p. m.
Train* marked <•) run to San Quentln. i
rTtOM BAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATfr-«:25. M:l5. 1:41. •»:« *- m.;
•«:». *:15. t:i9, »S:l5 p. m.
BXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays *od
Saturdays at 8:40 and 10:15 c. tn.
SUNDATS-«:tO. 'S^. *10:00. •«:« a. m.j
•1:40. *3:W. 4:45. MiSO n. m.
Tratnt marked '(•> start from San Cjnentln.
niOM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCIdCa
WEEK DAT 9-*:«. 1:45. 7:SS. »:45 a. M.i
IS-.tX 1:33. J MS, R:» p. m. . ' •"
EXTRA TRn»S on Mondays. Wednesdays aad
Stttardays «t T:00 »nd Vt:tO v. o>.
SUNDAYS— «:CS. 10:05 a. m.S U:«6. 1:15. »:*».
t:tO ti-48 D. m - ' .
>.- ¦ .- THROUGH TRAEVB.
T:00 a. m. week days— Catadero and way atattons.
1:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tnmales and way stations.
1.00 a, m. Boafiajra-Xoaaiea uA wa/ aUUoaa.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
%'fci PALACE
T R Minturn, Mlnturn
J E Levl, N V
H J Whttcomb, Mass
H B Wood. S Jose
Mrs Wood. S Jose
Mrs M E Bell, Mills
H H Shutts, Chicago
Mrs Shutts. Chicago
E G Sproul, Taooma
Mrs Nickerson, Wash
J A Chanslor, L Ang
F F Rogers, Denver
J M Spaun, Indpls
Mrs Spaun, Indpls
W E Mellin, Spokane
C G Smith Seattle
B F Bush, Roslyn
J Kendrick, Minnpls
H C Jewett, St Paul
F J Heed. L Ang
E B Stewart, S Diego
A B Butler. Cal
W P Carlisle, Omaha
E L Ross. Orchard
Mrs W H Buck, Vacav
Mifes M Buck, Vacav
Mlps M Swain, L Ang
Mrs A E Smith. Mass
L C Haxlett. N D
Mrs Hazlett. N D
W W Dodge, Wash
Mrs Dodge, Wash
HOTEL. .
T Flint Jr, S Juan
F P MeCall. NY
W B Dudley. N V
W B Furnls. N V
E A Sayer. N V
G .B Roberts. Phllada
R Jacks, Monterey
Chas Roth, Clntl .
F-Waleson, Montreal '
Mrs Waleson, Montreal
F Carolan. Burlingame
J M McDonald, Chgo
C A Baldwin. S Clara
Mrs Baldwin, 8 Clara
Mrs F Baldwin. S Clara
Miss Deacon, S Clara
Mrs Mlchler. S Clara .
W F Franklin, N V
E J Davis, Plttsburg
W Griffiths, Pittsburg
G W Preston,' Phllada
W O H Martin, Reno
Mrs Martin, Reno
C J Lane. Denver
Mrs Lane, Denver
Mrs J A Smith. N H :
Mrs J Farnham, NY
Miss E Farnham,. NY
F Vorwerk, Hamburg •
J Pepeundlck, Bremen
A Becker, Hamburg
GRAND HOTEL.
T Hart, Ogrden
B Fromm, Sacto
A G Hood, Kellotrfr
Q T Kutz. Vallejo
J A Lcngley, V Alto
T Treskow, Crockett
T I Collamore. S Mateo
C Hatnmerl. N T
W A Morehouse. N T
II A Crocker. Oakland
H Dana. Alameda
O Peirano. S Joss
O G Wilson, Seattle
\V Watklns, Moscow ,
C H fiehroeder, Minot
D J Slfrnaigo & w. Mo
J M Hoyt. Hanford
A Jacob. Chicago
G B Mills. Chicago
J E Bell. Everett
B S Miller. Seattle
H II I>awson. S Lake
C S Nicholson. Wash
J W McDonald. N V
J D Becker, L Anc
W I Agnew & w, Wash
E H Storey & w, Mont
A Fay. Tulare
J W Davy. S Jose
H MeCormick. Or
W H la Barre. Cal
F D Bchnlble. Wash
Mrs Wakefleld. Wash
C W Holden. L Gatos
Mrs O Messner, S Rosa
H J Shueler & w. Cal
F 8 Bailey, 111
W A Bpeckaus, Cal
F D Blackhorn, Cal
J A Black & w. Chic
L Ford & w, Mantloba
J S Barry, Cal
W A Johnson. D Monte
J F Crew,' Ohio
\V J Klttrell. Cal
L L Beldlne & w, Wn
T B Henneasy, Chicago
W B Simonds. S Paul
C H Eaton. Reno ;
A S Crane. N J
A C CaiiEhlln. N J
T SaunderB, L Ang
Mrs L Davla. Btkn
Wm Kraft. NY
J Nathan & w, 8 J
W O Stone, Chicago
\V H Mack, Chicago
E T Fertrußon. J ¦ .
Dr G Faulkner. Salinas
L Chappel, Salinas
Miss C Miller. La
Dr Tlbbetts. Cal
X O Raaf, Cal
J II Seawell. Uklah
L, C Byce, Cal
A Roseburu. Cal. . :'
H A Hlnnken, Cal
Oscar Dunton. Cal
Mrs T E Clark, Nap* '
Capt Thomas, USA
A V Thomas, Cal ¦ "
D C Roberts, P Alto
F RuDert. P Alto
W Parker & w, L Anj
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
G J Clark, Towles
E E Rijnelf. N T
J C O'Xeil. N V
R Kurz, Westport
J Williams. Tracy
H Brown, Los Any
M ntz9lmmons, Nev
J W Resandal, B C
J Thompson, Panama
H Williams. Panama
J McGulre. N T
G Wlllejr .Panama
Miss A GelsaJ. Chro
S A Bryan, Fresno
W Dawson, Chlcaeo
A G Hanson,. Denver
P Farrell, Petaluma
H C Davis, Sta Rosa
P Maloney, Los Ant
OCEAN BTEAMER3. .^.
NEW TORK— Arrived Feb 19— Stmr Eastern
Prlhce. from Rio Janeiro. ¦ ,• • •
11THE rumor of the engagement of Ca
mille d'Arville, the famous vaude
. vllle star, to E. W." Crellln, one of
the heirs of the Crellln Estate Com-;
pany of Oakland, which floated all the
Patriotic Mission Parlor.
To-morrow night Mission Parlor of the
Native Sops of the Golden West will hold
an open meeting In its hall on Seven
teenth street, near Valencia, when there
will be a patriotic entertainment, a
smoker and high jinks in celebration of
the anniversary of the birth of the
"father of his country." The entertain
ment has been arranged for the members
and their gentlemen friends.
way from Philadelphia, where Miss d'Ar
villels now playing, was yesterday con
firmed by the prospective groom.
"Yes, it is true that I am to marry Miss
d'Arvllle," said Mr. Crellin. "We have
known "each other for six or seven years,
and when she was playing at the Orpheum
in November and December of last year
we became engaged.
"The wedding date has. not been set as
yet. I intend to go East and Join M 133
d'Arvllle early in the summer, and we
will be married on my arrival there."
Mr.! Crellln Is one of the best known
young men In Oakland. h He is superintend
ent of the Morgan .Oyster .C ompany and
president of the Ruby Hill Vineyard Com
pany,"'and has a: host of friends In this
city,' where he has been residing for the
If Duller can cross the Tugela
And capture the slippery Boer,
He'll find that his name
Will be equal In fame
To that of the old "Jesse Moore. *
January, 1900, from $158 to $123; same for sta
bling four horpes for the month of January,
from $100 to $80; Roth, Blum & Co., rent of
Harbor Police Station, from $150 to $125 per
month; Thomas McGee, shoelnir thirteen
horses, from $32 50 to $26; shoeing Hve horses,
from $12 50 to $10; Thomas Tlllmann. stabling
and feeding one horse for January, from $25 to
$20; Lewis & Spear, for repairing lamp on patrol
wagon, from $2 50 to $1 50; also that the demand
of the State for $724 45 for maintenance of
pupils at the Whittier School to be held. over
until July, and that the Police Department be
asked for lnformalon with a view to consolidat
ing some of the police stations.
PETITIONS RECEIVED.
The following petitions ' were received and
referred to the Board of Public VTorks:
Martin Calmann, asking, that appraisers be
appointed 'to ascertain value of property
covered by St. Mary's Park condemnation suit;
Preclta Valley Improvement Club, for a sewer
In Bryant street, between Twenty-sixth and
Army; same, for a sewer In Hampshire street.
between Henry and Twenty-sixth: Flinn &
Treacy, on behalf of property owners, to bl
tuminlze by private contract ¦ Hermann street,
between Buchanan and Fillmore; property
owners, for an electric' light at H street and
Nineteenth avenue boulevard. ¦
MISCELLANEOUS MATTERS.
Resolutions were adopted granting permis
sion to the San Francisco Brick Company^ to
SUPERVISORS, UNDAUNTED BY FAILURE, DRAFT A NEW
LICENSING ORDER TO LIMIT TELEPHONE GREED
dent. The nature of her evidence would
tend to show that she has a few facts up
her sleeve that will knock the props fxcm
beneath the Sylva-Simpton statements.
She claims to be able to show that she
had not visited Sausallto unless accompa
nied by some of her attorneys or their
representatives, who never left her side,
and that as a consequence she could not
have entered into the conspiracy with
Sylva and Simpton without the knowledge
of her counsel. They protest with em
phasis that their client had no occasion
to buy either the Sausalito attorney or the
Marin County Justice of the Peace.
A so called "fishing expedition" by thfl
Craven-Fair forces to locate the account
books and diaries of the dead Senator
failed, but the attorneys still eritertnin
hopes of getting a bite on their hooks.
The Fair aggregation of legal talent, with
out admitting the books existed, contend
ed that Mrs. Craven-Fair wanted them to
fix dates that would dovetail with her
story of the marriage contract and subse
quent developments In her alleged matri
monial alliance with Fair.
Lafe Pence of her counsel denied this
flatly, and as evidence of good faith aske.i
that the documents be sealed and left In
the hands of the court until Mrs. Craven-
Fair had completed her testimony. The
opposition would not entertain the propo
sition, preferring that Pence should pro
ceed with his "fishing.'.'
Asserts That He Has :
Referred Them to;;
the District Attorney,
Who Will Call Them
to the Attention of
the Grand Jury.
Dead Senator's Silken
Nightgown the Only
Sensation Devel
oped Yesterday Dur
ing the Progress of
the Celebrated Trial.
During the. progress of the case yester
day Lafe Pence for Mrs. Craven-Fair and
Garret McEnerney and William A. Pier
son, representing the Fair Interests, were
the principals In most of the Jawbone ex
ercise. Attorney Knight was in evidence
at the start, but as. soon as the Simpton
part of the play was disposed of he left
the courtroom. ¦ •
Mrs. Craven-Fair was accompanied by
her daughter and a mutual .friend, Mrs.
Hilbert. The latter was an Interesting
figure In the courtroom during the morn
ing' session. Rumors were rife that she
was another •of the Important witnesses
to be introduced into" the case; but Mrs.
Craven-Fair asserts that she is only a
friend whose husband handles that par
ticular branch of beer manufactured by
Son-in-law Koehler. . ".'
As soon as the Fair case was called At
torney Lafe Pence, in a tone that gave an
Indication that he was about to call the
court's attention to the sensational Inci
dents of the past week, said that certain
things had. transpired during the adjourn
ment that he deemed it his duty to call
to the court's attention.
Judge Troutt knew all about -It, and he
said so. His Honor stated that he had
read the newspapers, and basing his ac
tion upon the information gleaned from
their columns he had conferred with the
District Attorney.
"With the powers he has," said the
Judge, "he will be able to speedily In
vestigate all of these matters, and I pre
fer to avoid a discussion of them. now."
Pence replied that there had been some
talk of a special session of the Grand
Jury to take up the charges and counter
charges which have become a feature of
the case.
"Pending that, however," said Pence,
"I would suggest that this court reach
out the strong arm of the law for the
guilty, as some court will have to do some
day. It should reach even across the bay,
as it will have to point in the same direc
tion when it gets through with the crim
inals in this case."
Mr. Knight made himself heard at this
point, and In his most dramatic attitude
strove to set his side of the controversy
right. .
"What is before the court that Is so
serious?" he Inquired. "Has any one
charged perjury here? Is there any testi
mony before this court that perjury has
been committed? Mr. Pence will not be
allowed to create the impression 'that he
and his client are taking the initiative in
this matter. Why has not the District
Attorney called both sides Into consulta
tion In this affair?
"I contend that there Is nothing to In
vestigate. No perjury has been commit
ted; even a Justice of the Peace lawyer
should know that much. Let them bring
on their charges. We are ready to meet
them." ~ < -
To ¦ this Mr. Pence retorted: "If the
other side does not think that swearlnjr to
an affidavit one way one day and another
way the day after is not perjury I give
them the advice I did before— go hire a
lawyer."
And there the Simpton matter ended,
without once mentioning by name the
principals in the Sausalito conspiracy.
Mr. Pence then attempted to get the
court to order the stenographer to fur
nish him with copies of the testimony at
the expense of the estate. McEnerney
objected, on the ground that it might be
construed as an acknowledgment that
Mrs. Craven-Fair had some legal claim
against the estate, which contention was
sustained by Judge Troutt.
"Well, then, we'll call Attorney Plerson
to see if we can get those memorandum
books we are after," said Pence.
Plerson, while not admitting that he
had any such books, took refuge behind
Dr. .Parker's Couth.Cun. One done will stop
* couch. ' Never falls. Try It. All drogflats. •
American Miners Abroad.
The steamer Coptic brought from Korea
1840 sacks of ore concentrates consigned
to Selby's Smelting Works. This precious
cargo came from the mines of an Ameri
can syndicate In Korea, and, ls the second
similar consignment within a few months.
The syndicate has secured from the
Korean Government valuable mineral and
agricultural 'land thousands of acres ir.
extent-
Finest Service on the Coast.
Theatrical people say this of Zlnkand's. They
never come to 'Frisco ¦without visiting: there. •
CRELLIN OWNS TO
THE PRIMA DONNA
WHEELS OF JUSTICE
ARE BADLY CLOGGED
Lack of Stenographers Causes Delay
in Criminal Trials and Attor-
neys Are Complaining.
The practice of trying all misdemeanor
cases In | two pf the four Police Courts
and felony cases In the other two courts
is not working well. It was started oe
cause of a lack of stenographers, but the
Police Judges say it Is worse than before.
There are so many felony cases In Judge
Mogan's court that it will be a consid
erable time before they are all reachoi,
and as a result the attorneys of defend
ants are protesting against their clients
being kept in prison an unnecessarily long
time. Some of them threatened yesterday
to apply for writs of habeas corpus In the
Superior courts.
In the case of L. R. Hare, charged with
felony embezzlement on complaint of Dr.
Walters, it was announced yesterday that
It will take ten days at least to examine
all the witnesses. M. M. Estee represents
the defendant and Attorneys J. J. Dunn
and J. P. Sweeney the complaining wit
ness. The case had to be continued till
to-morrow as three other cases had pre
cedence, and they waited upon the Mayor
to urge on behalf of the bar that another
stenographer be appointed so as not to
clog the wheels of Justice. Judge Conlan
is In a similar predicament.
nance shall pay to the city and county of San
Francisco for each telephone instrument a
quarterly license of fifty (50) cents. ¦--'";-"
Sec. 3. And be it further provided, that any
Individual, company or corporation maintain
ing and operating such telephone Instrument be
and is hereby required to furnish quarterly a
complete list of said instruments to the Tax
Collector, the list to give location of instru
ments and name of individuals renting the
same.
• Sec. 4. Any person, company or corporation
violating any of the provisions of this ordi
nance shall be punlfhed by a fine not exceeding
one hundred ($100) dollars, or imprisonment for
one hundred days, or by both euch fine and im
prisonment, and this ordinance shall take ef
fect upon Its approval.
This proposed ordinance was referred to
the license committee and without delay
will take the customary course of legis
lation through the board. On Monday
next Supervisor McCarthy will introduce
his order providing for an amendment to
the charter- by which the telephone mo
nopoly will be forced to submit to super
visorial regulation and restriction. This
will strike at the very root of the evil;
and it goes without saying that it will re
ceive popular as well as official approval.
Lawyers thoroughly Informed In consti
tutional law are preparing the proposed
order, and the City Attorney will be asked
to. give his opinion upon, points in which
there may be the slightest question. It
seems probable now that fifteen per cent
of the electors who voted at the last
municipal election must sign a petition' if
a special election is to be held. As " the
matter is of such vital importance, it is
very likely that prominent citizens will
confer wth Supervisor McCarthy and oth
ers relative to the best means of circulat
ing the petition. -
CITY'S FINANCIAL WOE.
Supervisors Still Struggle With
Perplexing Questions.
The recommendation of the Finance
Committee to shut off the lights of the
city from March 1 to July 1 met with such
a storm of opposition from citizens gen
erally at yesterday'B meeting of the Board
of Supervisors that it was decided to post
pone consideration until the next meet
ing. Many protests had been received
from Improvement clubs aryl private cltl
aens against placing the city in darkness
for four months, and . the board was ad
dressed by A. S. Llllle, president of the
Mission Federated Clubs, who acte-.l as
spokesman for all the protestants. Mr.
Lillie thought that it would be a poor
measure of economy to save $80,000 by
turning off the lights which would cause
a much greater loss to property owners
by driving people away from the city.
"It is a sad commentary on a munici
pality," said Mr. Lillie, "that is about to
issue $11,000,000 in bonds and yet is unable
to keep its streets lighted. There are
other means to meet the deficiency if
the Finance Committee will only look for
them. The Board of Health and other
departments should be inquired into for
raising salaries and creating positions,
and the St. Mary's Park fund might be
utilized."
"Suppose the Finance. Committee." sai<]
Reed, "has found it impossible to find
a- way- out of the difficulty?" ¦
"Well," said Llllle, "we ye elected you
gentlemen and I suppose we've got to
stand the ; consequences." which remark
met with a general laugh. •
Supervisor Tobln stated that very little
could be gained by scaling down salaries,
as they were . provided for In most cases
by the. charter. He .was of .the. opinion
that It was absolutely necessary to shut
THE Supervisors are fixed in their
determination to force the local
telephone monopoly down to the
same equality before the law as
other quasi public corporations of
this city occupy. The telephone people
are now absolutely above the law. Time
after time efforts have vainly been made
to compel them to act^ln Justice toward
their patrons. The charter makers were
deceived and cheated out of a provision
that an overwhelming majority would
have ' adopted. Every ! attempt at local
legislation has met with failure because
of inaccuracies, ambiguities or illegali
ties, but the new board is not discouraged
and with Supervisor McCarthy taking
the Initiative will try again. The first
step was taken yesterday in the Introduc
tion of a new. ordinance and another and
tar more . important one will mark the
proceedings of the board next Monday.
It will be remembered that the Board
Gaopted an ordinance providing for the
licensing of nickel-in-the-slot telephones.
The measure was presented to Mayor
Phelan and has been returned by him as
inadequate and in various respects ille
gral. The Mayor decides that he cannot
approve the ordinance, as It was ambig
uous In several- respects and was ob
viously illegal in discriminating against
certain classes. The Mayor returned it
therefore without his signature, but with
the recommendation that another ordi
nance, meeting the objections and con
forming to the law, be adopted by the
board. ,'¦
The necessity for immediate action in
thie matter Is universally recognized. The
telephone company has made its monop
oly the vehicle for enormous profits. So
secure has the corporation felt its posi
tion to be that it has acted toward the
public with unexampled arrogance and
insolence. It has forced people in thou
sands of Instances to pay for what they
«lld not receive and no endeavor, threat
or entreaty has succeeded in making the
company change or modify its policy.
The immediate need of doing something
therefore has been felt on all sides. So
when Mayor Phelan presented his veto
and his recommendation yesterday Su
pervisor McCarthy was ready with an
other ordinance which it is expected will
meet all objections and prove adequate
as the remedy for the nickel-in-the-slot
telephone evil. The new proposed ordi
nance is modeled very closely upon one
which is now in successful operation In
the city of Ogden. The Dgden ordinance
¦was attacked as vigorously as have been
the proposed ones for this city. The tele
phone people of Ogden fought the legis
lation, and after *>eing defeated carried
the matter into the courts, winning a
victory in the trial court.
The authorities of Ogden were not dis
couraged, however, and carried the fight
to the appellate court of Utah. This
tribunal Bustalned the ordinance which is
now In operation in the town of Ogden.
The ordinance which Supervisor Mc-
Carthy presented yesterday Is modeled
upon that of. Ogden, but adapted to the
local restrictions of the charter. It is as
follows:
Requiring a licence to be paid for operating
and maintaining telephone in the city and
county of Ban Francisco.
Be It ordered by the people of the city and
county of San Francisco a* follows:
Section L It shall be unlawful for any per
son company or corporation to operate and
maintain In the city and county of San Fran
cisco any telephone instrument for which a
rental or charce Is made, without first ob
taining a license for each i<*lephoa». Instru
ment co operated and maintained.
Sec 2. Every person, company or corpora
tion w>o shall operate and maintain In the city
aad county of San Francisco any telephone In
strument mentioned In *ectloa 1 of thU ©rdl-
The Board Listens to Emphatic Protests of
Citizens to the Proposed Plan of Shutting
Off Street Lights for Four Months.
off the lights to help meet the deficiency.
He suggested that the City Attorney bo
requested for his opinion as to whether
salaries for June could be carried over
under the charter until the next fiscal
year, thus creating an artificial surplus
of J150.000. If a favorable decision la ren
dered the alleged necessity of throwing
the streets In darkness may be avoided.
The appropriation of $35,000 allowed by
the board to the Board of Health until
June 30 is evidently in danger of being r<=
duced, for when the resolutions on that
point came up for final passage Reed
moved that It be cut to $20,000. Tobin
amended by postponing consideration until
the next meeting, when it Is expected the
financial tangle may be unraveled.
The opening of bids for official advertis
ing was also laid over until the opinion
of the City Attorney may be obtained re
garding the validity of the specifications
inviting proposals that the newspaper bid
ding must bear the label of the Allied
Printing Trades Council.
It was resolved to suspend temporarily
the payment of all bills incurred by the
: city during the preceding regime until
such time as a means may be afforded
to pay creditors; and, further, that all
moneys now In the general fund and avail
able for this purpose, be used for the pay
ment of any Indebtedness incurred by this
administration during the balance of this
fiscal year.
The city undertaker was directedito fur
nish, the board with a monthly statement,
giving the name and date of death of all
persons buried by him as indigents, and
also of all persons whose bodies are de
livered by him to medical colleges and
institutions where the remains of indigent
dead are used for scientific investigations.
The demands of Janitors for October
and December, 1899, aggregating $1514 &5,
were ordered approved, subject to a uni
form reduction to meet the money on
hand available to liquidate them, amount
ing to $1235.
An ordinance consenting to the aban
donment by the San Francisco and "San
Mateo Electric Railway Company of a
portion of its franchise on Steuart street
was re-referred to the street committee
to insert a clause requiring the company
to tear up the tracks and put the street in
its original condition.
The Board of Public Works was re
quested to examine into and report upon
the petition of the Hospital Lot-Park Im
provement Club, requesting the clearing
away of rubbish and the planting' with
trees and grass of a lot bounded by Wal
ler. Ridley, Steiner and Scott streets.
The City Attorney was requested to
render an opinion as to the validity of
the order requiring property owners to
place at all street crossings signs bearing
the names of cross streets.'
The request of South San Francisco.lm
provement Club for a slxteen-room brick
Bchoolhouse In that district was referred
to the Board of Education for examina
tion.
The superintendents of the Whittier Re
form School, Boys and Girls' Aid Society,
Preston School of Industry and Magda
len Asylum were requested to file with
each demand on the treasury for the care
of inmates, such Information as will al
low the board to certify to the correct
ness of the demands; also to Inform the
board when the city will be relieved from
maintaining the Inmates.
. -The bill authorizing the Auditor to em
ploy four extra clerks at $100 per month
to h«^d at the pleasure of the board was
laid over for one week. Reed objected to
assuming any new obligations in the face
of the;citv's financial troubles, and It de
veloped that the clerks are already em
ployed.
The ordinance fixing the wages of la
borers in the street department at $2 50
per day for eight hours was passed to
print.
The street committee recommended that
Gray Brothers abate all nuisances com
plained of in connection with their blast
ing and rock crushing, within ninety
days, or its permit be revoked; also that
the tracks of the Southern • Pacific : Com
pany in the Mission district be declared a
public nuisance and abated. /
The Police Committee recommended
that the "following bills be reduced:
. C.." .TVeßtphal, . stabling: . and feeding: - eipht
horses and hospital exsenses for the month : of
blast on block 14, as per map A of the Castro
street addition; accepting the surrender by the
San Mateo Electric Railway Company of that
portion of Its franchise to operate a street
railway on Steuart street from the south line
of Market to the. north line of Howard.
The application of the I}ay and Coast Rail
way Company for a franchise to operate a
steam railroad across certain public streets
of San Francisco was refused.
A resolution was passed to print that the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company be notified
to forthwith remove the tracks of its road
in the Mission district, which is operated with
out a franchise.
Protests of property owners and of the
Brewers' Protective Association against the
extension of the present pound limits were re
ferred to the Board of Public 'Works.
The Board of Public Works was instructed
to recommend the discontinuance of the work
of paving of Oakwood street south. from Eight
eenth street by the Union Pavinsr and Con
tracting Company by private contract.
Qulmby A Harrelson were refused permission
to blast on block 9 in the Flint. tract until a
proper bond has been executed by them.
FELL DEAD ON THE
STEPS OF A CHURCH
Miss Mary Ford Expires on Her Way
Home After a Visit to the
Confessional.
Miss Mary J. Ford, who conducted a
variety store at 2572 Market street, died
of heart disease on the steps of St. Igna-
tlus Church yesterday afternoon. The
woman, who was very pious, had just
been to confession and was passing out
of the church on her way to her home
when death overtook her.
Miss Ford has been under the treatment
of Dr. C. C. Mohun for some time. Her
ailment was heart disease, aad she wus
about to have an operation performed.
Yesterday she went to confession, and
after saying a few prayers in the church
passed out of the door. She was about
half-way down the long flight of stone
stairs when she was seen to topple over
and fall. "When help was at the side of
the unfortunate woman she was dead.
Miss Ford was 44 years of age and haa
relatives in this city.
THE most interesting testimony
brought out yesterday at the re
sumption of the hearing before
Judge Troutt of Mrs. Craven-Fair's
petition for a family allowance
from the Fair estate was the state
ment by the petitioner that the late Sen
ator Fair owned a silk nightshirt. The
airing of the dead millionaire's silken
"niphtie" on Judge Troutt's clothesline
created quite a stir among the crowd that
occupied every bit of standing room in
the court.
Contrary to expectations, the promised
tilt between the opposing attorneys over
the Simpton affair did not occur. There
might have been something exciting in
connection with it had not the Judge shut
off the attorneys' wind by announcing
that he had assisted in passing the mat
ter up to District Attorney Byington and
the Grand Jury.
In fome of her testimony the petitioner
got dangerously near the Sausallto lncl-
JUDGE TROUTT REFUSES TO INVESTIGATE MATTERS
CONCERNING RECENT SCANDALS IN CRAVEN-FAIR CASE
THE "WIDOW" CLAUSE
IN J. G. FAIR'S WILL
H© Loft -A.ll Snoli SviooessfVil Xjitd
gants Fifty Collars Each.
/'GIVE AND BEQUEATH TO SUCH PERSONS
AS SHALL BE FOUND, PROVED AND ESTAB
LISHED TO BE MY SURVIVING WIFE OR
WIDOW, WHETHER THE MARRIAGE BE FOUND
TO HAVE TAKEN PLACE BEFORE OR AFTER THE
EXECUTION OF THIS WILL, THE SUM OF $50; and to
each and every person who shall be found, proved and estab
lished to be my child by birth, adoption, acknowledgment or
othenvise, and whether before or after the execution of this
will, the sum of $50; and to each person who shall be proved,
found and established to be tlie child by birth, adoption or ac
knowledgment or otherwise -of my deceased son, James G. Fair
Jr., and whether before or after the execution of this will, the
sum of $30; and I declare that I do intentionally omit to make
for any of the persons in this paragraph referred to any other
or further provisions. I make no provisions for any children
of my son, Charles L. Fair, whether born before or after this
will, nor any provisions for my said son Charles L. Fair, other
than that provided in the fifteenth paragraph hereof.—
Widow Clause in Fair's Will.
the assertion that if he had them they
were given him by the executors as their
attorney and were consequently confi
dential communications in the eyes of the
law. Judge Troutt agreed with him, ana
held that the petitioner must first lay a
foundation for the line of questioning by
the testimony of one of the executors.
W. S Goodfellow was sworn, but knew
absolutely nothing about the books In
question. The other executors are be
yond the Jurisdiction of the court, and
until they are located Mr. Pence will
cease to "fish."
Mrs. Craven-Fair was then called and
occupied the attention of the court and
the attorneys during the remainder of
the session. Her demeanor was extreme
ly cool. She was deliberate in all her
testimony, took care that she thoroughly
understood overy question asked her and
was extremely particular as to detail.
Her cross-examination was conducted by
Attorney Pierson. He questioned her as
to her different abodes and trips about
the country from 1893 up to the beginning
of 1900. Then he went back further and
delved Into the alleged billing and cooing
between her and Senator Fair.
Slight reference was made to the mar
riage contract, but there was a searching
examination of the events that immedi
ately followed the consummation of the
alleged matrimonial alliance.
It was during this line of examination
that Attorney Pierson asked if the Sen
ator kept his wardrobe at the Craven
residence. 523 Sutter street.
"Only a silk night robe." was the reply,
and an audible titter arose from the
lobby. '• •."¦•
Pence objected to inquiring Into the
places and persons Mrs. Craven-Fair had
visited, claiming it would disclose. the
names and residences of some of her wit
nesses. The court overruled the objec
tion.
Referring to her career as a pedagogue
Plerson asked Mrs. Craven-Fair If It was
not a fact that she started as a second
grade teacher. • .--¦>'
"Oh. no," was the quick reply; "I was
a first-class teacher of a second grade.
She repeated the old story of how Fair
had taken her one evening to the home of
a minister to get married, and when they
reached the front door she happened to
think that he had no license She ran
away like a coy little girl, going down
hill because she could make better speed
that way, and the Senator went running
after her something after the style of
Jack and Jill.
Leading up to her travels during ISO 9.
she told of several trips to San Rafael
and three visits to Sausallto. The latter
occurred during July or August. She tes
tified:
"I went the first time with Louis Du
nand, an attorney of this city. The sec
ond trip was made with Mr. Dunand and
John Lerman, clerk for W. W. Foote,
and the last was in company with Charles
Pence. These gentlemen were with me all
the time I was In Sausallto."
Her cross-examination had not been
completed when court adjourned until XX
o'clock this morning.
Fair-Craven Lawyers Criticized.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CARSON. Nev.. Feb. 19.— The District
Court was called to order to>-day by Judge
Mack, and after appointing a committee
consisting of the entire bar of the county
to draft resolutions of respect to the
memory of the late Robert M. Clarke, ad
journed out of respect to the dead.
Whereupon a member rose and called at
tention to the recent scandalous episodes
in conectlon with the Fair estate litiga
tion In San Francisco, and the highly un
professional methods employed by the at
torneys In the case, where detectives were
employed to shadow brother attorneys at
night, hiring bullies to Intimidate wit
nesses, and now who would stoop to sub
ornation of perjury and bribery. He
thanked God that the Nevada bar had
never fallen to such a depth.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1900.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Dr.PIERCE'S
GOLDEN MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
It makes muscle by making health.
It makes health by curing the cHa-
eases which undermine the strength.
The starting place of physical de-
terioration and weakness is generally
the stomach. The " Discovery » po»-
itively cures diseases of the t&ran*r*i
and organs of digestion and nutri-
tion. Take "Golden Medical Db-
covery " and you'll get well and
strong.
"I wish to express my thanfc^ to 70a for
your wonderful medicine,'' write* Mr. Oeo.
Logan Dogget, of Piedmont, Greecrrtlle Co..
S. C., Box 167. "I was almmtf past work
suffering 90 much from chronic catarrh aad
indigestion. Your ' Golden Medical Discov-
ery ' was recommended. I nsed it for three
months, and was completed cured of indi-
gestion and greatly relieved of catarrh."
Come Just to Look
Big Value
Cblnawarc
Crockery
Glass-ware
Ornament!
Novelties
Come Just to Look.
Great American ImpbrtiDff Tea Co.
Stores Everywhere.
zoo Stores*
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
FOR THE CURE OF GONORRHOEA.
Gleet*. Stricture* and analogous com-
plaints of tha Organ* of Generation.
ITice Jl a bottle. For Bale by druxxlta.
Wiifs Maa VeptaWe Pills
ARK ACKNOWLEDGED BT THOUSANDS
of p«r»on« who hay* used them tor forty
jrtara to cur» SICK HEADACHE. GIDDINEaa.
CONSTIPATION, Torpid Lhjr, Weak 8toma«)al
Plißslea and purify tn« blood.
12
CAIMALLt PMVILL&
EWSRELLIN*